 .Message entirely misrepresents and that the actioni*Mm»aMraMitoth* Xxw-TquTtmif.drawdownof tremities of war. Are the safe-guards of the ifomla, is not likely, we may hope, to be soonart, and which, from the gradual disappeaiaace ofpondsinthevicinityofNew-Toik,wasneces- sarily falling, year after year,more and more in-^fWi |! HwnTwo Rusn,whodelightsg* bocUe, with'^ft re-'• -^to **»•.*..,-«gerous question with which to familiarise the..to freedom.of of movement.speech HoraceMarit,wholovedthecauseofEduca-.,yesterdayreportboth forhealth and com-i i^t-pM^gprSouthem fanatics who are vindicating theirSxiiieii 8pt- met counter statement on the of the de- own notions and carrying out their own con- by-a partdowned to men.will have no moretoiti feauponthird,allow, and as light ate.If yon;_ Wan|» flABDU-TuOaMOW'holds a tiiose out-door exer- high {dace amongcises whicA, by invigorating both body anSwinged, not weighted.The shaflhg dresS'ShMld be warm, bat «•as Ibiidc -compact possble.clothes, a thick waistcoat andheavy, ahtnt-^kirted coat or aaok, a*d«1Ma*.'SVnVaTgHiTBlflnim Btrnos.ducted with and certaintyclosea hia report for 1859.Mr. Smith ed from theirefficiency, youthup-^iOuijtr, VILtJAICSBURaB OtAjfoCa Paxlox.n'l ,0*aa**—AnaaOutsua. 'and toSouth honestly wishes to strengthen the Howard.mind, re-create the whole man.Skating pntsWVUll .nmtaS-^Xnanuon—A-us-nr^-Our list our grows uponl^nr'Miiv-Tl~loisbefore in the United States District Court, may be enatled to precedence In mention.and Indefinitely, were we to at-be mode- hator«aSour- ox, lax Ma^uoT-rlI»axKJudge IionsoLlJNorth isrebuking to-daythe subversive doe- extend it almostrapidity rateorgreat,accordingtotheskater's healthknown to every lover of the Ice, who, afterto unaccustomed tension.''s|ndd The second bearing was less numerously attended t'rincs of Jouic Brown, it must take heed to its tempt to include in it all the simply eminent and spirits or his caprice. Hus must be never be retained i^on fte iee, flaoogh'theyBwi^ >Sii~|r^Tai K^v-rTaxuphands,wemig^t aand violeiM:e whichmay But overcoats, o( whatever natme,k-iu^S-A-uiir—PiBOI CaxetT^—MaralBc HMaaal Krialnir—' ta Foarr TaaTM—rAiBT HxAxxyKirax Voa Fux tifi^ failing made anand crush, at once, within its own persons whom the last New-Year found in theCHiaMjj: 4iB»gW»T1K-TmigiveTwo crowns have beenHe wakes next to the con- momingSiOrXR^redit of the whole Ameri- tional right, and the c^can name.The Dead of 1 860.The year 1882 is known in modem historyas the " aristocratic of^ death," for the yearnumber and brilliancy of th^ famous naiies" "ijpuns-iift. axa Oainu'i mtMOKK-'r^JTrmjJjamcmm k Ot.1 iBauaxaii.. \ jwaOictiamaatJwapxaAiBWiumNAND of one from the Naples,singers,brow of The cruelfireqnentijr posed requires more constderation ftaaand nomanliness should prevent himk*r «AZXa>r-«*. » V"**' '^«trMna.|Dxfnperpetual Mr. B^chardwbich star its long necrology. In thai—for instance it confers no small purt of thebenefits which are consequent upon its enjoy-whichenjoyment. The edcater, like the honeman, (ifhe intend really to take pleasure in his sport, and not use it as a mere means of locomotion,)the violent reminder that he is not standing on,'in money noticed the was not so day previouspartiesthen together phrenology SpntzuEiM,wbich closed onfollow itswe deal ofmay, .Ir^ttajraCaaaa demanded by the Protest- "Terityof the atrain put upon thrir forbearance, sheaves it has yielded to . the ..old unwearied Hungarianthat no.goyemiftentreally legitimate whicheoBceaaion to the general of the preaant as New-Year's Day; nooffice to-morrow mom- •ikg."litKfttaaoMol OA Tnm wmrtowerer, ap-;Science to Cuampollion and Cimentthroughtheperilsaccompanythatlo^ ttie hmga-; aaal-'>''gigljrwill b« lasaad from thisEeihb, for money advanced to pay a mojnh'a rent Tkntsbdxv, the ruling passion strong in death,siccifaagia the aflaaaooa as naoal.KSWS OFTHtE DAY.the antral of the Canada at Hali- steamshipmmOMMMMwb to tbe 18th. From France we ^Miauat Ae Uat at {denipotentiaries to the Con-"curred In this court upon the retirement from the once more retire !" Perixb, the one premiera oprai idag,rferee was reversed. A scene of much interest oc-Jury" constitutionalByte, we baTe dstea £roaiUTerpool to Dec. 17, andthroneiflince, andMACKurrosH; and commanded none,I la —Tary'nearly'complete—Sardinia,Austria, much felt by the Brokers generally. Exchange onsocial science lostand the as-Saturday night,,position and that theJBogland .and Spain baring designated-Leiidon fell to for best drawe.rs, and Pa- 109®109Jmarchwitha^y>odattention,him in a horixontalHuTiia The was not delegates. Congress'^'iril mnl the middle of January^ Bsme feelingThe Bank statement shows a half mil-r«dMed lalin^ecUtha ftaas generally ridiculing the co&-out of a world in which he foundno place to fit at once the greatness of his afor Insolution,the Old World^clandwm* BO Mw erenta in the progress of the Uoor- Ui war. Ttooft eootinae to paaa into Africa from8|iaia ; and. In tiia aggngate, the Spanish arms M*e not bean nnancceeafoL FrOsi Hungary welAm that a naHqnal outbreak i^'pears to be inevi' ,j|«tfa. IbadedaiDBOf the Bmperor that none ofEurope has,on thewhole,moreampletain moral discipline in the boldness and decis- the Common Council on Friday night, 1600 ware.from whic'h we have derived so much of theIjT-Hili-Wirii'WMMI^yefdlyiMaivdkibeats. Thefa^iMiV^SibTth^ Sinus* iff^Sm* te Uceaaea an BitaiiqrSit Qi»ynew and terrftle WMfon flinat iab ihe handseven the returning f)K>s{ ^ lbs ^tifsfifm k* sdnlytaia^. The nniAer <>r people a^ the had chained ao strongly dowa ii{Kmi flto'ToA ia Norih, who,. Tor aconsideiatioa, would declaie the Indian Sea. The last sun «n which he their inaUiitf to reside within a htindradnrflwofS^TESnE^wi(lovely Portugal.BTaadirai^P*uas>ibywas adjourned until Thursday. The Superior CourtfixedthenniountofMrs.CATHABfniFOE- Scott.~wawfTCntad.Mr. Ck W. 9mm, the Street OomBrfaaioBer, liasof the small but busy fluitlon of men wbo are""Vmr-T^WK, honbJlT, javuabt a, iseo. jost cqmplalad Ilia annual report. It riiowa that bent upon arousing the sectional paaaions of looked shone down upon the battle-fieU of of an AboMtiontot, ia enormous.hinhouiiad iMM'lisvi^llfe'lv^Ml >leqaMUooathe North, not only against Slavery, but against the Union to Northern men, If the mere factMagenta. But thenations. AaA i» utt ^BawiU tmmmmftrooUe wUch a he^tmiw jfina^teti^mcation of the3. That, atthe muscular exertion which the skater makes that is of service to him. lake all first-rate and, so to speiJt, he-generally assumption;pettyto the amount of $1,690,910 89 havetic devtoea «<r tihateiwr sartj ttqrms HMI^been drawn npon the Comptroller. Of this sum the South also. What would be tiie ralae of'$399,0W 87 were on trust accoont, and will be re-imbnned taxation of the benefitted, by propertywhite the balance, $1,191,816 m, waa provided forlak. Much time and lalxir has been in expendedwhich France andwen over the deathbed of MirrminoH was notOa the loe.The beauties of the Central Park will dawnbynatal isr the Investigalioa of back accounts. In the bureau properfor healthfulhsTing in charge ihe collection of assessmentsQiia task waa especially arduous, and Mr. Smith JtlkrVraDauAW. announces, with much satisfaction, that theques- tioned, avowing sentiments of opposition toVIU.Srobbedpion, who has left behind him but few in any land fhlly worthy to wear his niaatle.throughis to be thomfwia.rMlHKUMa; by Mr. Josiph B. Tatlob have been formally lence and bratality at the hands, of men have been lessalong to tntttit. simpler your stnqiping la, tiie bsllir tefor i(Wmtar>-*m douumb confused and disordered assessments left him, an American citizen, to such vio-lii, «»•MMClantBRfBwuM. ^iw eloaed, sad returned without an exception to the a Sonthem rabble as Austria herselfsternlysweptMr.round theturn, over the toe, and a short hml,diplo-foot twice andquite sufficient But do not use skates with teedshoes forin them.rats aiUHrimmtg tr ^m. adit* Di-Bureau of Arrears. The business of the Bureauxroad.The skating-pond proves no less attract-^—JtimMlyimatnaM.ter be boots, and be as snti^ fittisf asFllM,la wisntn, •perpetratesuch excessesuponthe havefallen,copyright:merelycase would as as a operate Injuriouslyroic out-door amusements—faoise-back an, ridingBisi'B alimony at $3,000 a year—#1,000 less thanthat a Northernand in abut its recreationSlavery,signalsurrenderingTbeIn the saddle every way. Two strap*—a kng am-4tThen BiKTHAM closed hisministrator of Patrick Hii^nc against^ Lauba the triumph of the English Reform bill and daythe award of the Referee. The case of the Ad- jmoreof the theatre, was heard at the General Term of lifted himself from hiswith his last and heedless eyes.New-"Year'9The New Year will be undergoing its in-must leave all thought of his dally occupationat home, and give himself up to the businessin hand, else he wiU soon have a sndden and rapid stretch,the Court, when the of the Be- Superior judgmentpillowbreath to bid the Gentlemen of tiiebench of Judge SL0880N, whose term expired on who have fixed a might pwhapswith the usual festivities,time this sheet reaches the eyes of our readerssiowiy over Ua.skatt^;^ most as bad, soft places, through wfaidi his irensauguration on Saturday, quite steady, and the adverse change Stakl's Mr. Harmony," who criticised all and if it onlybyhalf as -eventful as the one graceful movement upon skates demands, maySaturday.The Stock Market wound up on the Old Tear,Mme. ds passed awayris r5.18|.lion addition to the Discount >line,ble Tlien, it someItspolitical problemsnearly Inregai^ to the Suez Canal to the deposits, and a decline of $16,000 in specie.stands,too,'f^cd^-lAitrtedPAUntmoa'a organ, takes, however, vailed for' Flour, especially State, at adyaiKing name and the frailty of bis nature, the shadowy from three centuries ofof the• more aeiiooa vlBir,Thethat if a finnan wereshade firmerprices. A more activea great nation.iiJMicial ialaibiUtyscheme..J/ondoninquiry pre-when he nextblack ice, sharp skates and a still day.niging ^aMalaedftem;ttieFnt»antaoriiingGrain, Provisions,Groceries,and mostformoftheSecondNapolkon,whomAustrianslavery,Year's day finds its fate still trembling in thetheenterprise, '1fcfptwottMi>edisaw»ai<d from Turkey by thein-prices.otherchased. Freights were very quiet, as usual at thevalueasarecreation. Tothisitadds,likeother amusemehts of the same a cer- grade,Sales were made of 1,600 bales Cotton at awill greatingenuity.war has all but liberatedsport, goes a skating,"were ratherteipbaitiaoof aaUeeof the French Empire. There close of the year. There were 473 vessels of all Archdukes of his mother's house.— What's the DumBxacs? At acommpilities,sparingly pursoldiers bore to an Austrian grave with theof'man, entertaining, and discreet manner, when;everdays of bitterest Winter, when ladies use car-respectable rank,li Kblliktioa «ta has been satisf^torily conducted. Attention is morrow, the Southem State which should ven- have been taken from us, and three Senators[ndghtofBepairvand Supplies and of Lamps and Gas blush to own ? Were the Union dissolved to- Pennsylvania, and Mr. Masok, of Virginia,strap mnagain called to the fact that gas isatiU paid for In ture toacfcordancewiihthetermsofacontractwhichwaa made steveral yeaia ago. The expenses of rights of a foreign Northern citizen would Haksegas, who had retired from political life. maintaining the Fire Department have amounted to$73,179 58. WithanaDusiontohiaabsencefrom;in "or"Day'moveground, and see if it have holes, or, what is al-anda milUon tuteW laborious intellect of BtrrLsa.when it wiO not if lack of an extra strap in bis pocket may coot him his di^ e^eT-in port.Boutliem Cxcesse*.Otir Southern friends will hear us witness, which ended on Saturday may claim to stand*we think, that we have not underrated the se- beside it for the wealth and ripeness ofthe greatcl^esSuch a year, indeed, deserved a place apartin the solemn Fasti of the world. But the year as it is, in all probability, about to witness mands for its full enjoyment All skaters do TixMAjTK, and 11,000 to pay for one of Gov.is i''jtwHbegranted,baaexcitedaoniTersalde- theirself-ctnmnaudandtheirpatriotismbythe reaper. Ithasbeenamarvellousyearinmtmy isnotbasedonthewishesaswellastheriOToIt; md-theforemmentofVleniiahas ofrecenteventsIdour aofioently threatening to re- pressureYTe tremendous"issuesofwarand ways, wakingof" Dutch"andtheconcession will to the nation cacies of figure cutting, has his presence of of these worthies on canvas. A Qovnaor,history.rtbtehtneueaijfWarof Uise bodiea of troops to Hun- .have endeavored to look at their present posi- trouble on either side the sea, of which no manfoppishintri- enceinthe of thelinnsmnnts difficulty fixingma mmor of the1 to abdicata ia agalir' circulated, and the baaa Sophia named aa his progipter. Itm-iatBt adrteea tron India mention that Lord CtTDB ia.aboot to ntoxa to England, his place at Oie ^aad of tba Indian Army bMng anppliea by Sir 'HSbM Bmk. TbetTnitad States sloop of war fh I m»mluiBH and aMamar Potehatan were attion in the of John Brown's presenceforesee the end. But had it a great h^nmind and bis to constant trial. daring putwe take will sit as as it, qmetly,aad lookbtlip laeairtliiii!!,Emperor'sforay, can yetand of the fanatical outbursts of sympathy still, slow year of prosperous peace; unshakenoften;maywhich game direcUy connected with the sport itself,once the worst ex-The death of thethaoka to the aubordinat^ who have faithfully Constitution to be less potent than the re- paralleled in our annals, to which it has given to distise. Wehis on account of postan-The Law Conrta had' a busyon Satur- interestmuscle of the every bodyinto fun and play,day day. Among leadingthat of the " which came Octoroon,"sickness,expression- the cases ofkeepsthem all inaUematiag movement,'wifii~than the fust, even Mr. Boitboicadlt, the plain-shooid be worn on togoing it, slid,g«y*teaw (&xxxg. eloquentfechnlcaV and legal points in hia favor, and washavingpracticetoHisand efiective statement of the"tf,appear.'onand it iswhen the skatesHendaot, in which 'ground was takensteel.sciousness that every fibre of his body, firom the nape of his neck to the tip of his toe, has1. That axU<-^ooii90 K*nu XXTXt- Mr. BomciCAULT is not entitled to a copyright In the play. 2. That admitting the copyright,victions over the ruins ofConstitu-one from forehead villaneus low of the hated Fxxdi-itself atMr.comAstassisted Umdoties, u^a reiteration of his belief that a writtenrecord of everf transaction Is the only manner inwhichthe business of bis Department can be con- minds of eighteen millions of people, accustom- removed from his labors in the person ofat theIn the of his arduous straints of International law 1 This Is a dan- pertormanceone sad and sanguinary lesson^more. One most able and faithful philanthropist has beenreturningfreedomvoice with which ttic Conservatism of thetion alike Pest.alozzi, and toiled in It like aov^ways,counsel, however, bosom, the practical John Browniam" of the busy front of life, but of whom the year whichibore' are tatei;the had been under' a contract play representedwith the defendants, which superseded the appli-act to themall events, the matter was one properly to be ad-judicated at common law rather than in Equity ; and, 4, that a preliminary injunction in the presentrestraint. These were insisted' onO'GOBMAH for ,the defendants, and then the case Literature bade fareweU to Goetbt anithelaw, order,taken,eyesinpeace upon ;Sat, learningcall a constant unconsciouswhich, while it permits cpmpanionship or anyis yet entirely inconsistent with mental preoc-cupation .or wool-gathering of any kind.and New- Hence, as we have before remarked, its great wishing him,If the1ca|i, fenn tte beat rt&•OtadaadMaD,fromBanFranciacoonthestrongenoughtoresist.theexplosionofall hurryingnoisesofthedav,wehavebeenlifealreadysuppliedhistorywiththemnnoriesasasleighdoesuponitsmnnpr,^hutnpontl^be-owly-titttfIfiiDfliiitwillnotd«muclftohelpM> 9lt..j«KliedlJeffiBtaQn City on Saturday. The *!*• ia of faiteteat. Great excitement had been cteatsd at Ban Franciaco by the publication of a dedrtOB by Judge Homtax, of the United States Diatri^Cowt, in faror of a person who claims a large portion of a very valuable section of the landtiie fall of some majestic fame,experiments, to appreciate the serious and which had stood as a pillar in the midst of the and Venice, it will be fairly entitled to the ranksharp iimer and outer edge which the swaying us out of the difficnlty for if we accept this aa ;tremelysideways,wUdi the stands. The decision was on- cityeloquentthat a small all that illuminates and makesoponly fiM the day beMie the Judge set out for theVirginiaTeXas,hearingmightydull.neighbors but we have the consolation whichward as well asdition of his movement, whether rapid or interestingDates from Oregon, Washin^on and British Co- feDow-citizens unless we lumbia aw to Not. 30. iThe discovery of new gold;concerningoriginadne* appears to be a matter of dai(y occurrence in Oreaon, and the people were greatly excited onper\'adesthe Island of San Jnan. He alleges that thetheIn British Columbia theofOur dates from the Hawaiian KingdomNot. 10. Mr. NxjLSOR, the King's private secre-that' the of the "Southem age of steam- They died within a few weeks sovereignlybur be hard a similar sliifting edge on lapsthe and as- he other,m^iact.intensity mining operations.hasthe Winter had an end to putintopeople has heen insulted, tuid efforts of one another, while fresh achievements wore to crack, we at least shall enjoy the must perform this movement with decision andjrensy to kill, was lying extremely low, the Kingway. prosperitypeace lodged,happi-of appreciation weight,popn-of conspiouous humanare^toviolence with their sounding their names abroad, more loudlythin of privilegeand accuracy, or go headlong. It will be seen-Sow collected must be the energies, and how niceof Gen.manner of fanatic theories and startled extravaganthonestSonthem mm have felt andonsafety expressedattemptf o incite insuiTcctionam^ngthe labor-twelve months, one or more ofits chosen andhorizon &nd find clouds and darkness in the west. 18.50 has bequeathed to as a difficulty,.-inxietyage. from is anfor their ownwhichtoknot of men in the N(ft*h wereto cross tlie frontier of the slavehold-the cen- in which we live. Tliere Js, indeed,tion of our Government, our own future looks less clear and promising than that of old Europe. It is somewhat strange and unusiiolantrthe world rnay well begin tion. 'VVe cannot do justice to our Southern to take up the batons this year fallenice.a stanUy shifting positionis con- forward and back- and as the first con-—Tee San Juak Aftaik. A well-informed ecn--respondent in another column submits somewith Europe.' Literature began the ftmerai procession of noise, and caused the instantaneous death of a self-contrbl of the Northern populations. the months with the almost simultaneous obse-into the ice, and so im- jirint-sellers pedes, rapid progress, and is almost fataldriving a foice-pump to free the steamship Oran-;raoumihggroove deeply^4afrom water, with a tremendous self-respect, Ihe fair-play and law-abiding explodedii(. iVroi tlie iron should not be straight, but'longshoreman named LuKX Flannioxh, besidesseverely ^calduig eleven others, four of whom arenot eipeclel to iurvlvc their injuries. The causeof the explosion has not yet been revealed. Some South, Northern men, on the merest suspicion, who won their firfet golden spurs at ahnost the as who have examined pieces of the iron of which the or on noFriday last, having permitted himself to advance very serioua chatgea against the management of Mr. ScHAiis'.rooma, we have -received from that genUeman the following that backward movement may be as safe and note, to which we give with much pleasure,jurions to the cauae of high and true Art than theon he to be suggestion of evil where no evil exists, and the gets tolerably well, oughtIxdler was compose—d, assert it to have been ofvery poor material extremely thin, and lamin- ated. Others attribute the catastrophe to cateleEsness on the part of tKose in charge. Asuspicionthat and thatplace Abeyinhiafirstseason convinced,asweare,thatnothingcanbemoreia-manlield its last meeting for 1859 aimu taneouslythatthischarityU theand to that I have merely towith the Aldennen. ItappropriatedportraitELua,por-vtilgareach day'severyovertheinstincts wgr4Istheresolution,'constrained.'Howweretbejand untruth arevMted Itispossiblethatyourcorrespondentmaybesome•<disgust Weof Ex-Govemorand $500 for aand craven deeds of whichrecurring mail brings a fresh record to startletiaitofMayorTuharb;authorizedtheComp-txoUer to porchaae a copy ot Bcrus's picture ofofsecurity andweareinclinedtodoubt say,thatitsastoundingimpertinencePxABKUlbefore the to be Lorda in Council,"andthe world. accept, therefore,seeming victoryofmen. AndneverhadmanbeenmoreconsQ'alned to leave the Morthe.rn Colleges ? He had seen no acUon there to constrain them to leave. True,;inches to two feet radius) with heel.the "White Captive."officious person who thus proposesplaced in thcOovemor's Boom gave ;$500tothe Home for Deaf-Mntes; voted $2Jo to Col. Misa tor .•frvicea aa Clerk to the Old Board of Police Com-this sadand element of a popular panic as one of the diffi-hadbeenheldtnthefrequentlyfor years. When he was a student similar meetings aa ailiaMllallftli to Mr. 0<»iixti., the Frasident, of amust content himself vrith beingas indelicate as it is stupid. Yours, ra^sMdty,.Mr anditadby'SoUewMa:«mnted»6, and leceiTad $10,680..higher the foot is raised the greater the strainofhuman hadseenoneafter anotherhis ticeofvotingmoneytopaytheexpensesof Thewoodoftheskateshouldbeveryclose- Itis necessaryforUStoputonrecordhere,ti])l^na;overpowered by sheer force poraneousThe SotrrnEKNWhfit, however, do we now see in the South-quies of Eallam in England and of Va^scvSami as well than it finds us, we shall at leastmis-em States ?We find that in manydoes not clear our atmosphere of storms pestilence, and dooj ni,t Stave us saferlivesintheirhands that ;and bycuriouswhichthis i:alled>gratification, our ownaseasyasforward.,may well have grooved, straight-ironed skates;attemptit.from strongworthyis his to throw himself in- recent dispute between the British aad Anteri- abilityto interferetary, whom his Majesty attempted in a moment of control o( tlieir own domestic affairs, we can ever, over Uie earth. In the Victoria Bridge, in our ownthemm%lebycrackingourselves,andHabket was based upon an exaggerated reportof certain proceedings on the part ofBritishUa sick bed A recent as- readily fcetwith and for.the South. We learned and the Great Eastern steamship, each had at- ness and sedulously.not in the theinstinctiveattandiiigsessment of the real and personal estate of theArchipelagodeterminesthevaluetobe|7,000,000.fiom Tmlparaiao. On the 16th ult., at midnight, rages in Kansas, and to acquiesce In the prac- the kings and tiie heroes of England in West- and above all, in compromise. We dexterous-officials. As the disputeisin process of satis-The United States sloop-of-war Vandalia, Com-plenipotentiaries,Jb. BbaxcS, which we receive apecialAnd aroimd these central figuresour efforts.skaterand as many are now beg'inning or re-'1the land;'the nature ofthe emotionsproperpub-factory adjustment the trifling circnmstaneea— it had its are of minorin which origin iai|nr-by dispatch were ravaginglong.ll'hileHon. Hamiiton Fish, of this City, who is Qieforttmate of the sculptor FAUoa'B 'las possessorus that on a Tharsdaypeople,develop.Wsdriagton, apprisesCoisaiTe was addressed by that gentleraaneminent workers in everya fewto such alic consciousness as this three years ago, whentained his latest thought, pregnant in each casemander BoiCliAia, arrived at this port y^terday. the North was summoned to submit to the out- not by Aem. They vest, fitly enough, among of freemen, trained in thought, in discussion,tance, ^though the question im not without Skating, like every other art, is learned interestdoes not now matter to theat than ninety years, ended as peacefully as hepoiAtfellow men.lives of free Northern men in a national what a cluster ofWe have still boundless regions teinexhaustible resources toBusiness has recovered from the temporary check which it sustained two years ago. Popji- lation and wealth are marching witti giantand taking thetarHr.iSBair, who replied the following day, de- territory, evea Uien the personal safety of path of scientific knowledgedininK to accept a challenge, and declaring histntnwon to. defend himself if attacked. Undertkaae drcuiastaDces, Mr. Bbaitcb has felt himselfaatliaiizad to print the correspondence, and appeal Northern States. Col. Tuns himself might cal inquiryto pibUe apiaton in the premises. then have traveled in perfect security from quenfly in the same field; Boitn, NcttaXi.,OlfSatnTday afternoon a steam-boiler, used for m&iois to Massachusetts, fclying upon the Olmsted AmericaSouthern men was neverimperiled,sonalrightswere neverinfringedin the popular difiiision of the results of pjiilosophi-In literature and art and science we enter 1860 with more laurels than ever weAnd first as to the skate. This should never and noblest work, the "White Captive," has con-"be grooved or guttered," except for littie boys fided this treasure, «s oui readers know, to tiiewithstillgranderresultsyettobewon. Butbut in the hands of 7,000,000byThe mere of the dead of 1859 cataloguechapter of history, suggestingItome and of medieval Florenceready turyscarcely one'deparfmcntttlanrtr States. It ia said to have taken thelaliaDbyantprlse; and those intereated had insti-totad awaaui ea to have the case reopened. A m-nor Ind obtained currency that a will of SenatorKpomoK bad been found, and would be madeimhlic- aa aoon as letters of administration should ing classes of that region. Nevertheless it. isbe granted. Boaineaa at San Francisco was ex- our plain duly to attempt such an apprecia- to look about it for the captains who are where it has left our transatianticing Sla'cs and risk their lives in the activity which has not lost, during the past for us to turn from a clear sky in the eastern pornt (Tappui,accepted leaders;hands. Science,So far as the excitement which now mistress of our civilization, mourns in Stephek- that our fate and future are direcUy in our graceful,much more easily by some persons than by' _^ST others. Those who are bold and prompt, and State AjEAtBS.—-The State Legislature meets have, quickly acting perceptive faculties, to-day in Albany. Both branches are largely officexa or men- could be by any strictly political wrong. For of a patriarchal philosopher in the name of We hove, too, the consolation of feeling that (weight, form,' &c., large, as the phrenologists Republican. Probably notiung wHl be donethe shock of an earthquake. It is cieditable to the management of the Vandaliti tkat so long a cruise, through climates so diverse,tical nullification of the of minster Abbey. These werejnasters of science principle PopulartheBut we know that the South must in its applications to life. With them the en- kaa been accomplished without.the loss of either have been more sharply touched than we during Past has won from us Ihe greatness"where ourTeaaelezpciiencedsolveren have still politics.breth- to blunder over the notationSovereignty.SevetsLmmots reached this city, on Saturday, when the wrath of the North was at its Hvmboldt, who, carrying his vast freight of ta tlie effect that Mr. Gbow had ac<;ppted the chai- lilgh-*we enter on the new year without a single im-pediment to our progress and happiness that is not of our own creating. No dynasty or for- eignarmycrushesouraspirations,orparaljTsessay.) leam to skate with more readi- until Tuesday, when the Assembly wiU tm- ness and comfort than those of an o;>- doubtedly be organized by re-electing Mr. posite constitution. But almost every LiTTLEJOHN as Speaker .and Mr. Riceakdsos able-bodied and ordinarily courageous per- CTerk. .The Governor's Message will be sent ^ son can acquire a tolerable proficiency as a in on Tuesday, and is expected to be unusuallyof Mr. and that when about to est and its hottest—when the masses of the genius and of learning with an unwavering Bkahch,iMgeiasra for the scene of encounter, on Saturday i^orthem people believed (rightly or wrongly hand through an illustrious career of morehad been and held to bail to arrested,motiung,keepthepeace. Theftict, however,appearstoWT» bem widely different. The statement of issue) that bands of Southem Invaders, had lived a life devoted to truth and to histheir name ii in some sort synonymous with the per-;in America.at all, must travel with tlieii same luomtnt, died witliln one week; strongersimple hard-working mechairics are set upon by cowardly mobs, asa double losscoincidence, letters wereevery we take towards decline is made with ourwas suramoacd by Coroner Jackhan, w.ho in the recent case of a poor Irishman, James to sustain in January, was matchecV jurystepeyes openbut if heupon srnooth irons in his second, and on cook- thoughtlessproposes to investigate the matter thoroughly on Power, at the capital of South Caroli- at the close of the year by the equally contem-defamation of and honoraUeman, pureIn the work of creating and dissemiaatinxTuesday morning, to wliich adjourned,the inquest wasdecease of Thomas De Quiscet andengagedthe " eloquent shapes of beauty :"partsof theThese accomplished historians,!Lardkkb, whoseNicuol, who labored so elo.strides.andof numbers, are outraged, beaten, and of WAsniNoroN Ieting. Another conspicuous .=—Tliere was a resolution brought before the- however, sometimes overdone, and within aThe last meeting of the Bo^ of Aldermenwa» held at 3 P. M., Saturdfo. The Mayor subjected to indignities which disgrace not name within the restricted circle of the highest City Council in Richmond, Virginia, on the iiTth yearor two skates have made tlieirappear- nNo. 829 BaoA»TAi, Dec. 31, 18M. tkt Editor iiftiu New-York Timet:culture of our times must be chron-the application to the Ijegislaufie bpthe Commis- the abject and spiritless niflians by whom they icled wiUi these, that of- Sir James Stephex, of the youtiiful seceders from the Medical Col- pressing which into the ice the skater can sud- in yesterday's Tiuis.lieaded Palmer's WWte C^>-vetoed (the resolution in of f^rindorsingthehelplessvictims who endurethem,butliteraryUlt., appropriating?5,000 topaytheexpensessioDers of the Central Parli, Br a further issue ofaelntionin favor of paying Ool. Aibxakder Mino mere regard for the honor of our fellow-coun- bridge, and who had long exercised a sort of two medical men in the body, one of whom op- for the most accomplished and boldest skaters, of the unblushlDK effrontery with which the eihibitloatlve," in which I find the following passageCental Park Improvement Find Stock. The re- are inflicted. Of course, therefore, out of Professor of History at the University of Cam- lege at Philadelphia. Tlierc are, it appears, denly arrest his motion. These' do very well " And in this connection we take occasion to speakin addition to |250 him for ser- already paidwhen istrymen we are forced to believe that these consultative supervision over the education of posed the vote in an eminently sensible speech, ail plain sailingand there' ' sometimes made a no room of the -White Captive is$2^TJcea as Clerk of the Municipal Police Commis-is, danger convenient and flirtation place. We hare loungingbut in case of an impending collision, a all of us In the persons of our mothers, jrtrea or cbUdren. learned to attach a certain suxettty tothe Street Commissioner to remove the posts and passions, tlie servile passion of fear. If the politics has almost literally closed over the foolish affair. The Doctor very pertiuentiy in- break in the ice, a sudden loss of balance, or female form, which makes us Instmettvely shitak" vfas aioners,the things are the fruits of that lowest o( human the heir of the British throne. The world of which disposes scry happily of the absurd and ahead;The resolutionchaina that obstruct the cariiage-way across the of the South felt safe in their homes if tomb of a statesman whose doctrinesadojited.directingPark wati rejected. The usual vote of thanks to people; greatlives and conversa- had ruled the councils of Europe for near-any of the many^ perils against which the with pain when we see young girls hanging on thearms of leisurely- looking men, eye-glass in nana,did not in theirIfoSrxDoil driirered his farewell address, and the tions illustrate the trulli of Sidney's famous ly forty years. There is something worthy dicants, that the city should be uaUed upon to pay lie relied upon. Nor do they, as far as our ob- coolly making thslr cilticlams. or warmly erprcsstthe Pii^lfdait and Clerks was takenBoard adjourned tine die. The Board of Council- " in the;President theydailysurveyingverse, They many fear who are of many of the Tragic Muse of Greeceliltould be olTered t And U the Coun.servationextends,advantages.perilousAbolition meetingsNorth, bat held thereto puff the understood in this City; hi other words, by exciting a prurient curiosity in reference toseemingly succeisful than, heaisakniera, and that a^joamed rine die. Imme- culties with which Southem men, of sense Cabinet. Talent, personal beauty, power, fame, were held, but he did not feel constrained to retorntwentydiately after the adjonmment. Councilman Laik- and character, have to struggle in the efibrt to wealth had all been lavished upon the diplo- home by any sucti action. If there were other reasonsright-angledThe iron should be as narrow as it can be U.mB,«n bekalf of tiw members of the Board, made maintain the;and defend the character matist whose skill liad shaken down, as it was for this conslratot, he had not beard what they were, and keep the foot well from the ice for the he has mistaken both the object and the manaa»tedignityItMDlfital Dioatie e^dnet, of rosewood, surmounted of fltelr section of the country.;the hero of aUudsrby a dock, with a bronze figure of ConrifBus ia it to such men meet earnestly and sincerely, tion. He had long passed the ordinary limitsw. acpAiTS.coatais,uponH—thewhidecostingf300.TheB<?ani j^c£iabit msttomake ap the number of meetings athat, gK»t as^^^^S^^WMlle^prbceedingafoundedthe npriaiog of the Bevolatand theSlaveStates,theyThomas M. Tryniski 309 South 4th Street Fulton New York 13069wili find their revenuesshould also be wellshapedto the curve 6C thertlly permittedAnd we putfancied, the whole fabric of the French Revolu-and should like to be informed."If Southem cities commence the prac- upon the ancle.Freedomnnalloyed. The 4eath of Axixis ni Tocqve- attractions as agenUeit orreceivesanxiety.hement we commend him to bis aoUetask all itsscales of diplomacy.aaaetingcausefor ion and readiness of resource which it de- appropriated to pay for a portrait of Hcyortriumphboth of a loyal and gifted cham- wiU beIn our own country the ranks of our public horsemanmatists ofStcphami of bloodysubjectedtheTehwentto hisand the sweet voice of one of the world's sweetestinto silence among the snows of Bt. Peters- burg. Busy and prosperous as life has been, deathhasbeenbusyan4prosperedtoo,and the Old Year's annual lesson lies before us to-Bbodxriok, of CaJU-wfflneed protection against mud or snow on yuwfavor of way to the ice, wear overshoes, not rtaohiu soled boots. Ihe siiater's feet seed t» heaccount"^far MadameBosio, wasfrozenofin asolemn, than it always wears to our too hastycost him an inflammation ofady quite common in coimtrfes Whneis aa ordinary mode of Winter locmnotion. ^1[<et the skater also, before he starts offshapestriking,if notmoreprovecareer, a^all pardona- predecessor has bequeathedself-gratulation than we, inasmuchjSST^lWIIndia,;ttaow that if the ice crack under him, tt wffl hearwith Spring and fade with Autunmslovenly dettoeif your strap yield, wiU tlkmjMt^kmitplace perennial, extendingriages for shelter and not <br show, and themostof shrinks from the piercing air and the fix>zenivethandrives,andwalks,andviews andit ;two of has in fact given a new impulse to the practice whom,Messrs.Getxrand ofadiveraionwhichmaybealmostcalledanstraps yourrejoicethis 61egant and manly amusement, because Itintermitted hissons, spends an hour or two upon the liningbeenBut it is notand even from accomplished skaters, what weterrafirma,anywherpelse.Rapidof the not attain equal profi&iency, and all have to be KiHO. The question at once suggests itaei^tyros for one season but every skater, wheth- why it should cost twice as umA to pafait a ;er he is straggling along in the elements of Governor as ^ Mayor. The difiereBce in offi- theforwardstrokeorhasattainedthelast cialdignitycertainlydoesnot-createadiffir-hap-piness of the people. The career which this graces Highformalpowers of 'the world, of the great principleiPiej^ecognition,partopenwhose misfortunes have direcUy led to it, andpossibie fliat to the Govemor is apprc^riated a larger area ists of the North, precisely as they must look the fiery cross of revolution and insnrrection> and beauty to modem civilization, is something support, at any one moment, is scarcely more than the Mayor, but he certainty does not doat it themselves. It is not easy for Northern the passionate conflict of great political prin- mea to do this. It Is not easy for us, who live ciples, it would still be memorable in the an- in the midst of n society which has found Itself nals of mankind. Ever and anon, amid thewhich Vbxt foray provrked from the Abolition- by the thuqder of cannon, lumkrked byknowledgeand of the taste whichgive poweron theFor the skater stands upon the most tr^ach< erous of all surfaces, and when in motion hisas pleasantiy as a Mayor. It islover of his kind dwell than a point, and a moveable point at that. so in the proportion of 2 to 1. JSven presum- mayon which everywith pride and pleasure. If 1860 witness the His skate-irons, it is true, are nearly a quarter ing the intended portrait of Gov. Kisa to be areentry of Italy upon the path of glory wbich of an inch thick, but he moves upon them, not full-length one, and that of Mayor IiXKAinr toofand honors of an era.For the first time, perhaps, since the founda-imperialof his to the surface of the ice ; body pjesentsand as his irons curve ifiore or less upon theirlength, he rests, at a given instant, upon only egs as the Mayor's bead—v^ch is not to be about a quarter of an inch of this edge. His thought of. Whichever way we take It, the swift motion is the resultant of the application matter does not seem very clear. If tiiere be of the whole power of his body to this small an artistic reason for the difference in thethe hopeEuropean peoples do not enjoy, of knowingfactstheof theandthe South- is due to the" sense sox and Brcnil two of the chief Titans of the own hands. If the nuts which tiie faded stanUy from such a shifting edge on one foot to can authorities, concerning the ocettpaney ofyeardroppedPresident'sfacts of the case,theOurarehands of half-a-dozen starred and garteredlyequation^EuropeanWhichever wayMr. Wmwore before.inipossible to discover any growinggreatnessbutourownpassionsor prejudices, or cormpUon. If the coming, yearofof knowing handiwork,ourhave the fortunes areand our limbs free.—ASeksibleView. ersinhisthirdseason. Therockerpatternis, Stcde-ttsquires,*' Are the 8«utliem students pau]>er8, are they men- skater needs an instant protection, they cannotthe '-White Captive' from every point, ngtbelr expcn&os ?Havo they do parents, no guardians,their admirauon." ^. With the mt of the article and its prorient theori^afford|1,000 for a feared," they surely could never stoop to the close which awaited the fatally brilliant ca- cil have charities to bestow, are there not worthy ot>- rapidity or freedom of motion, even- backward, I have nothing to da The passage quoted onlyeither forreer of Prince Mbttirnich. His success ects In our midst to receive It f He did not like that to compensate for such great deficiencies in one which concerns me,aof the race, over the laws of progress, over therightslibels on lady and genUeman who has everyhad beenpointwhether they are in any respect better than a well-curvedro«ker(havinganarcforinstancethistba law: Dnzinc the paat twelve are bound by every Imaginable consideration great contemporaries fall around him, and was everybody who professes to be disgusted with grained, and as strong as is compatihlAhardlyonce more, our already-eipreasod opinionalike in Court andbad beenof fromst^ In that case. I take the Uberty to assure hlmttstdifficulty confessedly Is, they,aMiilk»(h0 ^va NceiTad. applieatloDa for aboat of patriotism to make head against it gal; reserved himself to witness at last AboUtionist meetings, and determines for that ficient tightnes, for the breaking of a skate may Fai.mkb'8 genius, and ia particular of the rarein 8,00« cases lantiy ^^iSox liquor without a license, but have notoughtus all to study and toappte-and at once. Theyfeel that every assault which is committed bygreatlife,to know and the utter downfaH of theof Kr. aadsystem be had reason to transfer himself and his talents to involve the breaking of a limb. Tho'^ood beantiul statue which Hr. Fish has now ao Ifte-;Unt,titledDooacumentAbolitionmeetingsand the friction very slightwhich that point causes in its passage over theitstheamount.of appropriations,ic is entiUed to hear itwe think thepub-litUe ofBut as this edge supportdistance and force in the accomplished skater, as he fliesalong,likethewingedMercury,poisedbe-tween two elements.directions vipon the subject may be of service to some ofour readers.newing their practice,siinplePalmer'sCaptive.we is and women, if woinen wili skate. The edge of considpmtf tfepingof one of the moattsspeetableatlook. Itobstacle to our the cutsgraceful movem<edgemore or less curved, tliat the point of resistanceUon in th^ixas of appearedand frictionmaybe as small aspossible,andfor a few sea-immediately better,with suf-to tiie acceptU jt^fafi^ktUk,*r those up and down at ttie bed U]» a Jiftail&'sBfs^od rtioe as shtriu |hefisetwill aUft Letyourownshoes,wUdihadhet- ptpsetpotoff;fort, to walk home, or at least the first vaOe toward it, than to ride. Indeed, ^e-setae cold to which the ricater is ex-bravade from protecting himself well against it Aboveif-heskateinacold, cutting wind, aad be obliged to go witii and against it, he shooU, in the latter case, never skate right in ihe teeOioftheblast,but^ot,makingUstaofcsasas possible. A negject of this fieeaatisHnjrcatwhenheis in fullhim dangerously. And now, reminding Umwe should havethat it costs as much to paint the Govetsor'san explanation,to understandNew-York,to whose charming Bttie gallery in Broadway it isSCflAUS, thesamereasonthe nowonexhibition. Awriter,whosecommnaica-ance without the right angle at the heel, by My attention has been called to a communleafloa "by meanrweUand mil; www.fultonhistory.com 