 '.f!1. ') ii lotbeaformative.i of a great aaammaaabm a n,— ooaa i'Mat; at Palermo, tbo consti tutioo of 1812; at London aaa at Naptos, the constitution of 1848 The Neapolitans turn a dear ear to these flee mnmtoas; tiny ask bat <ne fo«or of the JasrhoBB tbat (bey will be ateamfl to go away atfor their ane cloth wbo b a n forgutvm It _ StoSd she ISBSSMB. Tbo story wbich to told to toe versed* II. and bayoneta and hnmiahed helmets flashed m rIrtbe great inland fresh water sea until bo bas tea npon its waters t Who can thoroughly appreciate tte mat expanse and rich vagtoatlca of the AaavV eta wilds, until his fret have trod tbe eoitf Aad watt hereafter,whenthereignofthebestofBritishmnreian shallbanended,andthePrinceshallascendtaethreatie «a» of the great family of therefore, they are no indications of popular Sentiment; There are now hero some eighty or ninety guests, who The Crar has undoubtedly a personal regard for his shipped off at Trieste, and landed at Anoooa with their by tbe language of tbe natives wiU recall to bis ^ ' , i known througeoet Baray*—aho banking bouse bot a practiced eye can take a note of the popular baro- drive, ride, row on the lake, or rather large basin, and uncle: but sentiment does not go for much to imperial uniform* StU) o n , it would seem difficult to On* sad heart the force of bis own experience, sad will be1 1 "Mfcitf " '"'*'-r! »,in their tome- S,p.e.c.i_al t_rai^ns nrtag Tbe Palace Is fifteen leagues from Paris, the special trains make this passage toanl fro in oae hour. To morrow the Emperor and Empress go to Para, to review the garrison and the Gard Naaton-TheSJcfliau campaign aae root, up to to* present time, about 8,700 lives; the wounded amount to about doable tbat number. '*Recruiting IRtcruiUug for too Dish Brigade is still vigorously pur-so nrroond him as to form a corps more than to cieat to embody tba "dignity tbat doth hedge a ktofattraaatoBB rtrnsMrtailT bare modstodow.tbofrachmonary displays. Rlur Iff, ruh, Mttiikhii, lnta~tal torday As iMfiwu *fra* Atoka, **» after thsw> i..., tbeoa%i«rtorofomiteofthfand warsaw. *~ §»*%%** *9* • • » then will be aa unlnterrv ^ communication by m l from Paris to Moscow, and from the shores of the Atlantic aadtheMediterraneanfjtn« beadwaters ofriversthatdtottosTBtobai m e a of tbo ooaasry, a a that the Council of the Empire would worthily^of tbe budget and State debt. The Arc! President made mention in his speech of provincial it to evidently then they ought to begin, for "gatty f i » » * *****THECOHfiRESSOFSOVEREIGNS.ATBADEN. Yiitt of tit Prince of Wales- Ittions, which were promised by the Emperor la 1861. areM in the, ebapeofloag t^ted Rumiaa grenadiers and beard- already prepared. Will they be submitted to tbe Counciled Cossacks. A t tteterbarg the Prince was met by Gene- ef the Empire! W e will know after to-morrow, wheaxjawdav I,I.,„.,IwabMtro Mnre1>m9 V^r» ^^Pe^^^'^" Ja1a" * ^^0^^^^ i^mW*J^a*aa"W j •••>•tpeofcmveryby the cavalry. The Empress, who had driven in • riago, sad taken bar place beneath a marquee in the " Eocte Milltoin," where the Emperor soon jo ncor- »efi that late tetters Crom thoCootioeottMadtberrmotlogmtofProteto, ThePr.aceto djwawttbp'inttofthegreatNapoleon,underwhichare NationalGuardwentfirst,followedbytboImperialt^^rd>y tebekOadeaB poosHbl m fiermany-.what she baa tuog wauw .1 to be. There aoams to be notry O jis would be nothing; bat here, where neither sheets nor;pamphlet, nor printed articles of any description, ap- pear - eithout leave and license, we may be sure '.bat anwas completed the Emperor started homeward, stopptog, however, for half aa hour at the Palais d'lndustrie, when be inspected the arrangements for the agricultural exhebl- tlonwhichistobeopenedoaSundaynext. TbeEmpress,Napoleon, accepting the interview proposed by his Im- perial Majesty, aad this evening the Prince will start for Baden-Baden,whenthismeeting,solongannouncedto persist iu believing he can keep aloof from events, or havetimetochooseMscoursewhentheycome.Noinitiation is thought of. He is content with being pas- rents. JOHN. Arohbtebop of Tuam tin.algtomorVeilaodor•aftty in *HOer alternotlTe. BaHium or «euaaa or • ena; raving of such political import is not exhibited for to-the North Atlantic Telegraph and the Great Ship Compuay. or I believe he would have gone out with tfte steameras New Jerk. The Hon. Oapt. Carnegie is a most activeemaaomaam to the beard, and, with Mr. Ococfa and Mr.Barber, goeo eo* to New York on the ship. Hon. Copt. long before he follows his wife a example., bat what aaaittons be has Bate,toegeeeral amoaasr. ma weli known bnstoom man, of great energy aad wide experience, from Liverpool. Mr. Yates, the secretary, baa bean oooaocted with the oomjMay from the ' a good business Bm omsar ^MoaBaw#«aBB^« •BBaw *9 M V M>vwdO ^ ^ M g W 1 B V cpoaaBBiaBf companiaeand .Vtt<—TU City Atom with Mmg$—Tk« lejDeunt— while, marble and bronze statues maybe seen in eachnookandcorner.The dining roam •stUiea manmr'' is immense, large columns supporting the ceittog, whiehto beautifully paint- ed aaa frescoed. The mile de spectacle, or tbeatre. is ia tho left whig of the chateau. aad is hung in red silk and gold, and is large enough to seat six hundred persons comfort-foot for a scion ofthe bouse of Hohenaoliern, who are sol and milltary departments. Be has ordered a levy which Jdiersfromtheircradle,andseemboraforaootherpur- ['iathecourseoftwomonthswillgiveOcllyaaarmyofpom than to superintend parades aad .reviews, and to MjMfrinbh. iBtalo 18 casting cannon and mortars and watch the evolutions of mimic warfare, but possibly it making Or*ini bombs at the foundries Of Orlandi, Eachamay have a beneficial effect to the end, and prevent him A, province will b a n a Governor, nominated b y Garibaldi m being inoculated with the military, mania that baa 1 withaccAinse; chosen by the people. Garibaldi has al"be Cbmpaay reejoy fully the public confidence, and I amwuieo all that AMU son do to make tbe whole aflhir » lay ooooom go with them, and may tbe Grot theaahteshiptoaafotyo'erthegladwaters tbeminima oftaedeniaensoftbeNewroom I ever saw. ,A few nights ago tbe company of the ^ssauase played bere a new comedy entitled ••I/2S Pattes de atouche." The play was not very successful. No mult, however, of tbe excellent actors, bat tbe author's.JambackofthePalamtotbelargebasinfilledwith fineoldcarpsthatdatebacktotimesfamousinthean- nals of chivalry, to day« when gallant Francis the FirstFranceandto-dayCbamouayandChambourgaadNicemadelovetoInanedePoictiers.hatbomidstofthis1am to France instead of Sardinia, and all tbe queer look grand basin a the famous council chamber of tbe first Na- * bsr-lSe Proceedings Seeret-Fatmi JMtaj ajtofoMi Here palaces and churches and convents are appro aBnt what will Aaaerieans say if tbe Illustrious yocnjgivea ofserveraitanm aroundtae baaia attended, through theThe Court of Naples accepts, to advance, any and every condition, provided only thai it be ant expelled. Aad note the houetty of thto some court. It promise*, at Vienna, reforms; at Pa- ris, tbe constituUcn of 1864-ibe constitution ofof t nn0aw,lustoi iJ wis antes a/BBTostmS aroridiculcn tbe Western people, tat thstajfcBjstoar totit was the aoaiver- uiuanpfa of the First Napoleon—broke •onwhata termedthe-Kateof u" ft la posatbie thttbad the sign been; of the occaaioa. Notice was la fact only two daya before, and itture revolutions which amy ho ia even for this restless | country. This has been quick work, this annexation. On the 1st of March tbe Emperor, in hia opening address totheSenate,firstgaveformtotheidea,whichhadbeen ealy hmtod at betbn, aad pot forth to tbe shape of occa- sional" feelers" in the semi-omcial journals; and now, in a little more than three months, m spite of the opposi- tioa of England, the enmpiaiate of 8 ritaarhuid aad the grumbliagBM* Prussia, the aaaexation i s a / « t < accompli.Only three day i since it wm announced in the Jfwtteew that yesterday then would be a celebration of the grand event, and the abort time allowed moot b a n been well em- ployed io paaaaalbm. A t an early hoar tab wattle city- eras hung witb Sags, many of the bouses on tbe Boole- vardaad the RoedeRivoli being almost hiddm by them. Tbo morning was a dear aad beantlfnl one, sag nromiaid to be a fine day, in which reas>ect it did not disappointexperienced the effect ef a charge at the point of the bayo- then la apprehend? Possibly am m diffimto I net from tbe Chasseurs of the Alps, they will be cured of ia hedging round tbe royal Frame tomb ton requaa Iwhjaperedthatmany to tbe Oameilw o ntogether.Fancyaooaasry late Fraace, whose organi- U>« object. B WAOoalyaeceaaary to give the word, aad, afoaab spun toototam. Ati i-nariiiapabUeor private We a specially arranged forabout tbe tody whoseof the Iavalidm tbo Ibtfsawa. The tost ceremony of tbo day waa aexaotbeatoaabera of tbe oaaaai, aad boomed away nil a grand 7k Jfcm*, which was aorforsted at tbefor in turn by the King, in the hope of inducing them to come to some understanding aad assist to tab formation of a more upright Cabioet; but all them gentlemen have dscttesd the honor of serving hi* Majesty,'even if be coo- redes an amnesty and a constitution, f b t court cannot now find a single honorable man wbo a wlfltog to lend ittore* hfe: Ibe Cathedral of NoireCathedral of Notn Dame by tbe Archbishop ef Paris n the presence of the Senate, Legalatin body and the Cooacilof State, wbo rode to the church to tbe gaudily•BTaa^sajpasasa w*aBBe*i!BaBBjrbBB*^BB> emsow TMajiaaBwmejaj a-a-am aaaBBMSBBa||y W m O U v * present at thai amaanmj,aa bo did not arrive from Foe- tombtoaa until oas o'clock io tbo afternoon.all farm was en foot or m twtere, of the Garde Nattonale and tbe troops of theto take place, iserted—its friends abandon it. and betake Ihamnelves to ui the their euuatry houses aad to foreign lands, iThere would be plenty of votuateers aataaS m of tbe wbato saaanbaaVeeoasaat of every cans to every flute, • *ef ufaatry. supported byout moca aecayeo, ana una removeo so aa anonof bejtwie* of art^ery md !ant Impresstta that 1bad was of aa immense field filled with the difibntt .otore' *owan ef •Priag. Tbe p c o pons and rfemse ef tbe raroot corps were of dift^reutKnjuuoca, June 14—A eeasidembto contingemforO a Tuesday a large number proceeded oa their way to Rome,I. w bad the opportunity of fookteg apoa tbo asexual Ktuneror by the Pres.doni, ia the arattd vnwnuer of audi* Iuum states that at eleven o'clock on Tuesday night nearly his late wife, which wax ia a m o * perfect steM,4/*''^ten»4ry all arrayed m jrOr-ocs .1 Sr--:^,Tirrmuav, June 13 —An extra edition of tbe Slvso Cham.umSingular appgarw.ee. j #jojoba ubrutebef lbsfreatBajatoji mjjrcfo; beBjrmj) j epf*> 2 3 fcmptivr made a speech, in which bo cengra- one hundred gallont young fouows, from twenty to twen- bone having been dtoturbed, Mrs. Dow wm a very bB* jp^eUT%attobtainedteto gnmpee bat a for fa ,A u » promwed booranponte<1 for hiadeparture, thehoomiag cannon ofload, and Kim and ravoyoothn « n ^ m the toco of Godand ana,»Jlaauaty adroowladr jd stair fbalty to the Em- and, o Httie alter two,« nam of people toward the PoaV peror of France, It wao tor . auaihar household talk de Jena showed that he was coming. Be crossed the frina the moment the wakta* echoes of the guns of the In bridge ooon after, preceded oy a detachment of the mag- vahdes had ceased their to anaera, until the last um> nificently uniformed Cent Oardee aad followed byhis staC*wtin* iione. dressed in his uniform wm extitiguiabod M M F atom of the Elytee,that the Be was riding alone,andtbelrtohem moat to bo— .... ? TMM» **« treaties of Vienna. All sad was looking at him when theplies to tbe dutiful addresses of tbe provincial aad civie_# A.o t >_ ^ cauMHV peb up •**• toe dmmaeaoermea i **rj»jji mtmm-*gut $# njciiian aflhir heino considered aa having some company to attend to were, started back to and so often contradicted, is at length to come of Pnaaia, Ml Fraoce will « t pot up with aoy-I ^ T ^ S Z ^ T ^ ^ ^ ^ i ^ ^ T ^ Fontainble&u,and theEmperorreturnedtotbo Tuileriee, ofil He is attended by bis military secretary, toiagabortofH. Dapeodopoa it, tbemoatmoIrkey,where,underonewphase,tbeBaaternqaeatioois whereheprobably"tooksweetcounsel"astowhatbe General Maateuffel, and his private secretary,part of Loula Kapoleon's career remaioo t » * « • * « e«P*etod to bo t i e teat drop in the boihag cani- shall m y to bis brother, tbe Prince Regent of Prussia, M- Main, but not by the Minister of Foreign Aflhire orTbo Oenton Journal, of Frankfort, states that fifty a r gtonshavejustpassedthroughColognetoJointheIto tincal army. Belgium, it states, has also subecraal H,000,000f. towards tin Papal loan, or about one third s Uto whole amount.Tbo Wanderer, of Vienna, publishes a totter from i i ©ooa, dated t h e flth. w t ich says:—The Irtob yesterday bad a fight among themselves, and wounded amm of a s gendarmes wasinterfered la, separate them. Tbo dab- gate has hitherto treated the Irish like princes, and ttarTbo prejaratlona to welcome the Prince of Wales is Canada are sucb as might have been expected by than wboknowtbocordialcharacteroftheaateatote.Manarch'y Iwill between the heir apparent and an i of tbo colonial empire.. A certain veil to (Louia *. TM1A _ tk.^^.in^ ab.14 , W I** EeroP"" »«b«0». Fouryearoago,when Prtncewhom he is to meet at Baden to-morrow.TbeEmperorreceivedthedespatchannouncingtbefall of Palermo at table, at Scbonbrunn. It is said he allowed it to make no impression oa him.The Archduke Ferdinand Maximilian resaras from Prague to*day, and leaves for Trieste to-morrow. Bo keeps far from public affairs, but his popularity in- creases.Wea n having very cold weather- almost like winter— wind, rain, and even enow ia the mountains.The Italian Opera continues to attract the fashionableworld. After to-morrow we shall have "Don Gtovanai," inwhich Madame Charton Demeur represents Berlins. Bar be feared that, after all, tbo Pontifical success increases, a * has been very much applauded In be under tbe necessity of requesting tbo "L'Elisird'Amon."ShetoalsoanexcellentRosinaintbo"Barber of Seville." Madame La Graa still shines inNorma. . ,to pot oowe too principal re- Itotfa&tkaa wao in Ports, the represenUtivfc of RuaaiaAll the pub-Io he oilttaoi Ha meanoward witb bUoword.l u « r * i . very eeiea. Perlmno y o « g n m b ^ 1 betwixt the Emperor and Prince Gortachakoff waa to Rue Rivoli, from the Hotel du Louvra to the Place debtt»a. a Mam from tbe to* of experteeee of bin uwlwaky |however, win be present—ouch as tbe King of Bavaria, tbe King of Wurtemburg aad the Grand Duke of Badm, la whom territory the interview is to take place; so thatw * ejeuamre, tninsists on having his own room, table, Be. It to tooo the tapis, I stated to one of my 1 m the treaty " - -_ I _ tbe result of tbe first private conferenceitoanothersevenyears'war.financial end commercial afthirt remain About asirumorofaeeetraotforatootofton of 6,M» una each that wao wbamemd a couple of waa perhaps not very for distant when England wouldOar Fontnineblean Correspondence. FosT-cyxBUEAr, June 13,18eB.of months, to tbo whole tour.Garibaldi fund. AstoFranco,however,moneyflowsin Justemerging from hisstodiesaaagraduateofOxford,weeksago,lai«ttetree. 1matoneofthecontractorsto-become a province of Fraace; indeed, wherever groups might-befoundstandingtogether iaconversation,the word ANpIeterrc would be almost certain to greet the list-cupations,die,4c.them, a t least in part, and their pliability in a question sonearly concerning British interests could notbut fill tbe Prussian government witb just apprehensions asof a van number of articles which tbe buyers have toft to increase the fund. Upon the whole, Bologna to on the e n of sending a second remittance of lO.OOOf.wbo baa vital interests la the matter, must interfere, and then truly shall be let Blip the dogs ot war. In saying this 1bnt repeat the ordinary parlance of society. It isftowcxaorm*T»g««f»nor tbo Mintotry, have said clearlyconsist. Tbe patent of March • reduced itrB! •amwaO>%'momoaogenmniw»»— — .—? B*y.„_ * *<nt not one of the embaes.es—not »,doilamr|» rto ^_oye;^^tf tbo sobjeots of tbe Papal Stol such a cruel sf toiltoo words of ths President of too Legialatin body, aaannexation of Sicily to Piedmont. At Maples all to readyBsu#a*aj aBuuuuBjasaa^mwaawp^anaanean"Whatadd* .then,tothiaaaUafce:K»iathethought that he treotiee **hkh had left in tbe heart of every French moo a santiy nent of pom are no longer invoked judiciallyagainst \n, and have several timea inclined before the loyalty. nf auiem and wtoicm of tbe Emperor. (Loud marks of » approbation.) 'eeain oftbe plain,midway betweenthe infantry an1oa- valry, and then, warn bo reached tbo " Eosto v ".:talre," turned to the right aad came back along the fr. a of tabnfantry, thent-extby the aruilery, and back ai » iowbharangues pronounced by, or attributed to, tbe Prince Regent on these tore cccaskms; from theformer you might have imagined that Prussia was oa the eve of hostilities and buckling on her armor for the fight, while the latter breathe nothing but peace and good will to all men.throw a partof hisarmy tato Calabria, aad it to said that tbe Neapolitan army to very much demoralized, f toM you a mouth ago, that even here tbe Bourbons w e n considered \m. France and England a n agreed on aba liberation of Italy. She can bo organized afterward*, aod that operation will hurt ao one.i The Austrian troops which occupied tbe Tyrol havefaas to Lombardy. No oas knows how the Venetian aflhirsriBbearranged. TherearetoVeniceahundredyou will soon hear of it.The Emperor of Austria, as well as his Cabinet,wUlnotforgot UM p * .In the evening Paris was a blaze of lightlic buildings were illuminated, either with gas or saucers of tallow with wicks in them. The whole length of tbeany member of the Cabinet, as in that cam the French Emperor would infallibly b a n brought M. do Thouvenel along with him, and thus given the whole aflair a diplo- matic character, 'which is studiously avoided by theTaer a n i eaHtotil Jtbe Tbeioerd Brbag. greatterdoyan i snppca pamph the tbatSfas joritymeet aoatteiDirecKBoard Ooanpa towthMr bDirect not at Jersey raiureMrchar are Virtueaway all dhtkculties from the approaching Concorde, was brilliantly lighted with thousands of Prussian government. Some other German sovereigns,,y aaconference. Gortaobakoff, wbo bad up 'to streamers of gas, coming from pipes extended along BwofhtomtVcouvigo. bta/ll general conference. — the exterior of the balconies. The Boulevards w a n this been gloomy, mistrustful and haughty,remained ever also in a blaze. Tbe "Corps LegislatifT' and tbeafterwards, when the interview was over, the meet; «MM,onweg tM» sites* Maaao- cheerful, conciliating aad urbane of ambassadors. He Hotel of the Minister Of Foreign Affairs seemed toif tbe Emperor should have a troupe of French performers by hia bitter bod evidently obtained hia f«*i pre quo, and was satisfied. be on ure. and off to the distance, crowning the Champs to aocoBwaay him, they can play to a parterre of kings,1statedattbetimethattheEnglishEmbassyforwarded Elysees,theArcdeTriomphewasblazingwithjetsofIn * d bro- aa opinion to the Borne Office that ft secret understanding gas. The different ministries of France were lighted ap, like they did at the Congress of Erfurt, la tbe time of tboil requirea saob a man. would from this epoch be found to exist between France the Column Sardonne and the Cour St. Jaqoes, the domes First Napoleon.and Russia. Now there appears to be bnt one opinion on of the Luxembourg and Pantheon, aad the domes of Notre Tbe intelligence of tbe approaching meeting came upon eoeetriea to larope bare nOer natural reeourcea tbe matter. Prince GortoohakefPs circular relative to the Dame, w e n all brilliantly illuminated, and one of the the public quite unexpectedly, and has created an im-Vienna begins to be depopulated. Already every oneV i s i t o f t b e[From ate London Cbrontote, June ]*.!ir going to the country. Diplomacy, however, remains to 14aetrhv, and to few oantrtes hove Amy been mare Christians in Turkey has brought all men to the conclu- most beautiful effects I ever saw was the blazing cross mense sensation. The philo-Austrian prom will un- the city from necessity.neglected. Tbe agr'cultaral, mtaicg and sionthatoutofthisthemischiefwillspring—thatFrance uponthetopoftheheaven-reachingdomeofthePanthfsa. doubtedlycryoutthatPrussiahassoldherselftothe The Sicilian Q,nestien.sad Russia wUI bo found together, and England, perhaps Many of the private houses were illuminated with paper enemy, sad the animosity against the French Emperor is The Twin Gazette soya that an officer of tbe Neapolitanhove been far more neg- nowhere. Tbe tw o first mentioned countries are quite lanterns of various colors. Tbe streets w e n thronged ao intense that them reproaches m e lately to find an echo Court, named Bosco, has ' ~ 'ma»Afacturet. I t many articles— var.oua kmda of toxtue abbrka, jewelry, ornamental fbhriw, embroideriet, bother work and a greaf variety ofcapable of putting tbe "sick man" out of trouble, and of with people looking at the sight; the fountains were play- dividing between them hia gooda and chattela. England. ing to tbe Place de la Concorde, and everybody Boomedhighly delighted at the "annexation" and its results. It was remarked that none of tbe foreign ministries w e n illuminated. At the Sardinian Minister's I observed three or four candles outside tbe door, but I rather think tbe;among the Gorman people, who are unable to distinguish an act of courtesy from a political demonstration, and a n ignorant of the peculiar difficulties of the situation ia which Prussia is now placed. When tbe Oriental question was brought on tbe tapis again so suddenly afew weeks since,teation of either killing Isupposed) or being killedsorts that the Neapolitan government has sot a price of 20,000 ducats (85,000fr.) upon the bead of Garibaldi.ebgaaterfa, booao, be.- aba baatriaaa aroforahead of thetng"T*-, aad asmpsti sacoomfuUy with the French and not my business to b a n any opinion on such subjects, bot were the ordinary every night illumination of the eon- she bad expressed herself witb considerable energy frigates which failed to prevent Garibaldi's landing atsubject;b a tw e have some reason to baltoveof bis royal Highness s tour bm been mou-to state the collective thoughts of others.What the next move wtU bo on the great political Paris unquestionably yesterday presented rery unmia-i beard of torope, Heaven only know*. Perhaps tbe takeaMe tokens of satiafoction. I have seen many fetesci&y*.against the pretensions of Russia, hi hopes that by sodoing she would secure the good graces of England, and Marsala, have been tried b y court martial a t Maples andpave the way for an alliance that might serve to protect acquitted.The Evening Journal! of Stockholm h a s received noticeheragainsttoodangers by which shetomenaced from nottopublishthe names ofthose wbosubscribetotbe the evident understanding between the two autocrats ofwhore there hasbeen more demonstration,batIhavenever aeen any where there appeared snob heartfelt rub-bing of hands and so much smirking patriotism It wasnotanuncommonthingtohearitobservedthattbeday Fontainebkau Pala*x—Gmu—Improvements—Diana't that,insteadofcategoricallyrejectingtboRussianpropo-This fine old palace, so dull and gloomy during the ab-<"S«4 meaM tbe aorticolara m a few day. He'said the ener'sear The day was unusually fine,and as the troops sence of the Court, Is BOW bright and cheerful. The to tbe reliance that was to be placed on tbe assistance ofA Turin letter writer says:—Leave has been granted to a n living men aad women. No description, though itcollection of ann-meaced to mom awaj more areasapaa the roerwaa'by tbam wbo a m riptlnsis aiarttoei apoa tbo roerrespect; bat tbo Council of tbe Empire <the taxes nor guarantee a foreign loan.vote reductions in the defences, aad above all in tbe wana>budget. Which swallows up* now, l*>,eaa,0t» of florins;but the government will not consent to it; oa the contrary,it may perhaps desire to increase tbe expenses. Italy topreparing for war. Palermo is in the hands of Garibaldi. eoaclodtog terms ofcthaIt would be well for your tordship to to any other aatka of Europe exesy reaoaat ito history by stated public"good the deed of ' 'miali humiliation—hung out a soli- dim but proud smile. It was a right to be proud of, those of Europe, aad altogether was evidently desirous to re- Naples soon. Tbe Sardinian fleet has received orders British run; aad Iam too, that tbe Italian^ p a i d a * of thaihistoric spot aa* ta aba mid* of too o r j ^ legless * aooal spnnkiicg of the "inevitable Yankee," were sta> Praam,solemnly toaagmatod,awnfliag oongacrato*, the MeoMM around tbe three open sides of tbe square, feasting first fralta of them imperial glorier which, during a the-r eyee upon the magnificent spectacle.forty year*' irevaQ, bad beta ecftpoo/ fc Like the Israelites The Fjn|«ror of the French duea not, like a great manyof «d, the lathers bad passed away, hat their BOOS now much smaller men, consider it beneath his dignity to be wof the wotw _•SKTM. dawtaofempty themselves into, the Black Sea aad tbe Caspian, andaattgoine (exrcctatVor^ w e enbwtatoed if^he *&*&*.that will be doriv ed from it, both to a commercial pointof view and fey the mfiux of toavellen from tbo they ami arrive,at aothtoav-But win t*cocb« combo,' wasaiqnareaoroeraoofntofitaaawaaj Vtffct*The8£saBaBBS Btobthere WeTanwbitoahinln*; brightly ofoolho oSa>, mA;Um Wiaftt4nW w nNapoleon's M W h i tO tbO OOfC«** BOWe*, tn-v-aton or a m ordor of Using! to which tbomeats of DM HwM bo nmoe of ••oil '.ceount, totoo J » e to YMmmmm, BBmrnssaanuil •^ y ^ f a | M parte of Fraoce, any «uaotttv of Bofliabmea, and the cilitate *ato arrival of less welcome guests, concernmg tbe crgaaJaatfoa of the provtnctol represento/IthehivaiideaanawoooadAat he had left the Toileriem1* * feattF **** the great neighboring etnp'.nkfrrff-""wen about to be draws still etoser by tbo connectingItcsaadviaeAmid load aad proloaged shouts of "Vive Lkafstti to the western limits of the monarchy. In fact,meat, composed of fifteen members, bm proclaimed tberibaldi or their EnglishLak of this new international thorougbian, and on reach- ing tbe Russian frontier he despatched a telegraphic mas- sage of similar contents to tbe Caw, which, of course,Tbo turetoLordd when bo wrote, io the day* of Genera) of Division. 1 was standing.. of the Emperor woo to thrust when he passed, just after crossing tbe "bridgo, was responded to in the most gracious terms. In his re- TbsPtodmoatom army is oa a war footing, and pottedftrrt view of tbo d a m p s de Mars andita occopaati muat have brokenalong tbe frontiers. The headquarters of La Manaora are at Milan. General Laamrtotere to coaceasrattog his toosaa sear Vfterbo. From day to day (be shock to expected.authorities, too, his Royal Highness adverted very point-*** *f ? * **P£V Atrrea of all those powers wbo had ed up suddenly, aad b B compressed lips rsjaxed into a edly to bis friendly relations witb all tbo great Powers It is probable that the Sardinian Minister will lean fact weald h t n rung 1 aUthaioaeahim. Hlsu£uaUygr,m, _ _ _tary * W tftyteP** thy. Even iardinia hid her damn ieh- to leave the Sardinian ports. Piedmont can not re- ed bead, but, to w j <feoent, pot an additional dip »n the teveaty thousand soldisra of Fraace, ia their holiday at move the uneasy feeling that bad been aroused by the main a spectator. Tbe expedition of Garibaldi hasof her cor .maps, though aw one seemed exactly to tin, with their weapons flashing aad gleaming in the sun- warlike tone Bammed by him on his reseat visit opened to ber t tew field. A provisional govern. I waiting tor the ill-omeneda crate, aad, fa- « » reace of Cavour or Ba-rters, they would ten totheirear," his Majesty entered the plain, and, with Mi•*T?JL*tB***omarnr,anTorysignificant:— Magaaaathis*ide,hisstafffollowing,berodedowntbonothingcouldpresentagreatercontrasttaaatheforanInsurrection.IttoprobablethatGarlbakliwillatsoarssltoltanafortbotfora , viti—the Rome proTinces !n M4rtt,l*rMi*r*rigmii*t4->VAniiUterrt.'' In a free coun- sight, aad occupied aa hour and three-qnarters. when it with aa autograph letter from the Prince Regent to Louis In Turkey everything to ready* , »em»jt«BomofMtaoomia»* « ' between Louis oecaaioo has been eeiaed far filling atany of the afco? win- when tbe troops began to file past the august pan ;bet ri 4e,rIt ta al«o Amet worthy of obeerratioo that tbe presentThis pacific revivement hi about to receive a further ace aad friendship of and the troops of tbe line, and the roar brought up by tbe illustration. Oa Saturday Count Pourtales, tbe Prussian taecri*«dthefollowtog worda—••JeUgm i'ofMarooredema cavalry and artillery. .Tbo filing past was a splendid Ambassadorattbo French Court, toft Berlin for Paris,the Bast and the west. She was not prepared to findGallery—theatre, dee—AncientFith—The Emperor'! Oc- sitions, tbe British ministry would b e induced to admit rection has produced a clear sum of 4,500f., independentlynothing can more fit the youthful Prince for bis high sta- tion than thus to acquire a personal knowledge of lie dominions which be a to govern "Seeing la believing,' aad aomethtog mere. Ws con rood much about Baton, but what we read to never so inteUigible as when we ham seen the things spoken of, particularly when those thing*my having them built waa part rreochand part Eng. defiled before tbe Emperor in the Champ de Mars, their England, and witb serioas misgivings as to the prudence are some mpltalista here wbo think of going acclamations and those of the vast crowd, which by thou- Emperor Napoleon HI. and Eugenie, bis imperial spouse, of embroiling themselves with two powerful neighbors lion fora - lino of steamers sands aad tons of thousands stood gazing, must can h e n put off a portion of tbe stiffness sad ceremony for tbe sake of so slippery an ally. This is tbe secret of shipstobo ban bomvery gratifying to theEmperor, whose theyarecondemnedtowhileresidinglatheToQeries;and thecivilitieslavishedbythePrinceRegentuponRussia,M0 picked men out Of tbe several battalions of BersagH- erl, as well as 100 noncommissioned officers andtoadto- tinguiahed (captain of engineers, to Join tbo expedi- tionwhichismidtobeabouttosetoffforSicilyto-mor-won pursued by tbe mom learned profomors for tn years, could possess tbe mind of tbe royal Albert Edward with tbe distinct snd vivid ideas of Canada and the Cam dianswhichbewinacquirefromseeingthemundertato brilliant toy, to tbe aaost splendid aspect ofOreotJritote the .Nan Company haveTbeBoardofMrsafari,themoteofthem, AsfortheiHuminatioaeaadarrayofflags,weallknow notbeotherwise,wereitonlytheresultoftbohistorical Austriaprovesthat,notwithstandingtheirassumedcha-half under popularity soa wonderfully increased since he hae and of bat consent to an interview which bad long been row (Saturday, June 9). 1 give this as a mere report,shared the dangers of tbe battle-field. As his Majesty, although not so free from etiquette hen as at Compiegne, aimed at by Louis Napoleon, but which the Princehad and it will always be in tbe power of tbe Sardinian go- toyat haspnaUty. It win be aomethtog e n a to be built in America and attended by his brilliant saaff, returned from too review, they must enjoy tbe iottoa oiler that is allowable to then always found some pretext for evading. Time will show vernment to contradict it if they think theanelves there- view tbe magnificent scenery. W aa San realmten vary oma|rahmalvo,aBd,I . be might ban observed the tops of the houses and the crowned heads, even in tbe grand massive palace, every whether his conciliatory efforts will be crowned with suc- by compromised before European diplomacy, as I professto briog a good reward. But I bfeight* of the hifJa to be crowded with aaxfoca specU- cess; for my part I have m y doubts oa the subject. Tbe 1 tors, whose enthusiastic shouts w e n caught up by the room in which has ito legend of King or Queen. Jfoit Russians are highly offended at the conduct of Prussiato have no direct or indirect contmoatoattea with official persons here, and seek my information in those quarters to which any man may have free access. If tbe war oabee atViennadeemsitselfauthorisedtodisbandwholebat-crowds below. still, more or less state is observed; for surely it oseld in this tost diplomatic skirmish, and their treatment ofiLiaawa to sbmo, even oo your side Hattamearesimplymattersderigueur—thateveryone reminiscencesIhavejustreferredto. racterofchampionsofChristianity,theyannotinclined talionsofCroats,thattheymaybefreelyandpubliclyMr, Hope, one of the wealthiest la compelled to conform, under pain of penalty, and that, to practise the Christian virtue of forgiving injuries. enlisted in tbe streets of all the towns of tbe empire, of his ancestors, he will then comprehend what to«f Hupeh Co., of Amsterdam, being celeOrmtod loa be- meter, irrespective of these futile accessories, and it can- politics, and wc tssve just seen that the ties of relation- c not be denied that tbe fttt of the annexation wee al- who will bunt when the weather becomes more fovorwbie. ship did not prevent the King of Sardinia from expelling fore the days of tbe elder Napoleon. Mr. Hope is the soa together catuuihired the mo^t aiwpicious and ih>' it^Kt Each, week a new set of guests come to the Palace; and as the Grand Duke of Tuscany from hia dominions and an•. tbe Bops who wrote •Anastasius," a famous work of purely satisfactory Of aa? «mt aaa occurred airce tbe re- nexteg them to his own. As for Louis Napoleon, he is a may, in the present piping days of peace, be dispensed •Ottoa, which gave him the aaorrteost of Anastaaiaa vival of the empire. tb« Court remain bere a month, some 360 people will have sphynx whose policy I dare not attempt to fathom: Da-rus with, and if the sympathisers with Sicily should thinkbetter able to act as a sovereign veer so gnat aad worthy a people.Sna whole of the colonial empire will syatpathiM it this tour. Tbev will reajard it aa a coutpiimient to ib* sc- ire cam of British dependencies, laere aauy be eoate • atnral and not altogether reprabesnible jealousies. No one State which owns vjueen Victoria for her son- reign wiU wish that the journey to Canada had n<t benmade: aad many circumstance!—the nearness ol MorisAmerica to England, the salubrity of tbe ciimai- duringhe totter part ef summer, and other eoaaiderai tons-fjope. He waa the founder of the original (treat Eastern $teamabip Company that built the ship. The present Board would elect him their siiraua tat chairman, but be ie so modest be does not w isa the post of distinction, so they elect a chairman a t each meeting, and it la always Mr. Hope. Mr. Baker is a director of the Great Western Railway, one of the wealthiest men and most eminent financiers in Frit""* Be •» familiarly spoken of as the Cbau- ceuW of the Exchequer of the Great Eastern. Mr.The Emperor and Empress on their return from tbe re- been honored by passing a week to the intimifc of tbe sum, nun (Edipus. Perhaps bis sole motive for desiring that they may be no unwelcome addition to Garibaldi's view visited the Palais de l'Tndustrie, to inspect the state sovereign of France. All tbe elite of Paris will of coarse an interview with the Prince was to flatter the vanity of Chasseurs, and that a Mpurnoous number of corporals aad of progress of tbe agricultural exhibition, which is to open his subjects, who are elated to see all the crowned heads sergeants for whom ao employment can bo found ia this on Sun.lay next. The preparations making in thisexhibi have been included. At present the Ministers are hen, of Europe paying homage to their ruler; or perhaps he overstocked army, may answer the purpose of T"nk>l<f tioo show the wwe anxiety of Xaioleon to elevate the sci- and many notable foreigners, Next week the Princess himself is secretly tickled at beholding tae representa- up the cadres of Sicilian insurgent battalions.ence of agr xulture at such a country aa France. To in- Metternich will be h e n witb ber husband, tbe Ambassa- tives of tbe old legitimate dynasties reduced to the ne- The iftoruvsr of Florence states that Marquis Carto'omei duce tbe moneyed interest to invest its capital in agricul- cessity of treating as an equal the men whom they Gonfaloniere, of that capital, has received from the sub-will all weigh with our colonies, west, south and oast, u tural speculation- to propagate a love of rural pursuits, dor of Francis of Austria. I suppose our Minister will have styled simply a parvenu. Perhaps he really intends scription for a million of muskets, 136,000:'., and has in- reconciling them to tbe preference which Canada enjoys.such as exietii in England among the nobility and gentry, be invited, and will pass a week hem. to adjourn his ambitious schemes, and to favor the world vested that sum in the purchase of 1.428 Enfield rifles, toY et some among them unquestionaWy will wish tbat l i s heir of the throne upon whose dominions " the son aemr sets,''would just for once walk over ths etherfieldsat his vast estate And why natr The heir apparent a etiB young; bis mother bas still many years to five: h a bro- ther ia gaining experience. by travomtog tbe glooe, ate, we repeat, every province tint he looks apaa will awe ito own special lessons for the sovereign wtoe a be to powerful in swaying tbe fate of thorn vast, usees flewand i-ertaade many wbo would otherwise sell their pro I will not attempt a description of Foatainebleau, but I with an interval of tranquillity and repose after the ex- f be sent to Sicily by the National Society.Bepa often givea him that title, and if ever great parties for the purpose ef taking up their abode iu Paris, must speak of the wonderful improvements that have citing scenes in which be has been a principal actor. If, A eerre»i>undentof the london Sar, wr ting from NatOaoetol a*!!u.es are repaired to carry out tbe objects to build and plant and sow in the midst of tbetr cwn pa- ef tbe Groat Sfc.p Company, Mr. Baker will be equal trimony, ,t the darling wish of the Emperor. For thi? itto ibe postuon Mr. <i<ioch n a most eminent engitieer, aad feoo labored day and night tn retting off the ship o o the 17tt, tad had it not been for hia exertions, probablyhowever, he imagines bis powers of persuasion w.il pits June 6 gays:—Garibaldi exercises an irresistible at- been made bere during tbe last year. The Emperor has succeed in prevailing upon the Prince Regent traction over tbe Neapolitan troops. B e entertainedis that year after year the agricultural exhibition has been more and wore uiked of and d'&cusaed, and now, after aa nterregn mi offouryears, !s assuming proportion* thatbad tbe grounds and tbe Palace itself restored to all, and to desert the national cause, and to barter even more than their greatest splendor. Be has bad the frontier provinces of Germany for the tempt- magnificent gardens added, while in the chateau magnifi- ing bait of an imperial crown, he will find himself mis-several of tbe royalist officers to dinner during the armis- tice, and all of them have become converts to tbe causetaken. TbePrinceisaplainman,forinferiortoIoois ofItalianliberty. Ofbis1.500prisoners fewaredis the most eminent besinem men >n the bourd Is Mr. J. erst set tbe example of such in ngs. Tbe extor or of the cent furniture has replaced the more common that was in Napoleon in genius, ami ao match for him either in diplo- posed to avail themselves of the privilege of exchange.aae w jutdaot have sailed before the SSd or 90th. One u" cannot fall to '-xcite the wonder of England herself, who ftoaaeyCremkoy.Bebring!atheAmericanelementPalatedeVlnduatriehasagbumedalltheappearanceofatbechambersusuallyallottedtotboguestsorretainers.matictactortopoliticalseamen;batbetoatruepatriot,DesertionsareSequentandnumerous,andmoreimport-rtohiag.andthoseabundantlyfruitfulflnmlaioaa, Mraad a targe amouot of energy, talent and business expe litUe village. Many panels that were untenanted am now filled by works who, as be said recently, would not willingly yield up rteoeo. Instoamsbipmattershamprobablythemoot Cowsandoxenareinstalledintbenave;sheep,goats oftheoldmasters,purchasedexpresslyforFontaicebleau evenaninchofGormanground,andiftheFrenchEmpe-experienced man io the board, having been actively con- and pigs on the north side; the west is devoted to the by order of his Majesty. The sublet have been renovated, ror really wants the Rhino he will have to right for it.ant still, a germ has been planted iu tbe ranks of the Ne- Bot there to oas. cans of British colonies wfc cb sillapolitanarmywhich cannotfailtoproducemarvellous justlyandkeenlyfeeltbealight,shouldtbePrincenotex reoutto. The officers are now aware that by enrolling tend hiB footsteps .into their toads. We sJtade to thanrepeal OBV*B tbe taonV would ofDir thebe Stock) and i they requ corpoi tberel to ps theft BOW*! totegifourtl nine*»acetaaitte< if the tors theOV4 By Mieecied witb steam commerce for nearly twenty years. from what I ytek up from various soorcea ikbaar that a ktaga rbore of too -laaariaan arrangements Bare bean aador bte dweottom Mr. Ooaskey a so much taaen up with hia forgo boolnsaa operatioas, particularlyat. tbe brother of a noble earl, a prominentof the House ot Peers, and a gentleman PARIS June 16,1*60.tot mselves to the Italian army they may retain their ex- coka.es which have acquired a separate seL'-ro-smaller domestic animals, as poultry aad rabbits. Horses- agricultural, thorough bred, hackney aad Arabian—will\ and a handsome, large and most commodious kenne! for the hounds built. Tbe grand salons of tbe chateau are reallyTbe arrival of Queen Tfotoria, wbo was expected hereisting rank, and at the same time ameliorate their condi- tion; the private*, too, have bad an opportunity of learn- ing, by observation. the oaten of tbe priviUgee enjoyed by then* Italian comrades. Consequently ardors have been given not to allow the troops who b a n been fighting agalnft the insurgents to come in contact with ti.ose whovernment, the United States of America, for British colonies they are, aad a n t and parcel of tte great Aagtn Qaaia anmto they will remain. They are, to truth, the partners of England, and must continue to be so as long as a common language enables them to share with as a common hntory, a cow- men study in science, a common Industry tn the broad fields of production and trade. If a n y loacoufs reasoned after tbe grievous fruit of George the Third snd bis ad- visers, then last traces have passed away within the last lew years. Very recently tbe extension of steam na.it> tion has promoted habits of crossing the AikuttK wt.ia have rmdf Englishmen far better acquainted with tte United States. Americans far more fomiBar with Euro- pean ideas and freltegs- In spite of aoaae atistakm. pm sonal or official, those sentiments have asausned so great an influence over tbe aaaa#mnent cSaabaa,eaboth t a s of tbe Atlantic, tbat war to beeoaamg as difficult a peace onoc was. Little acts of aosirf# to high quar- ters have materially helped thto graad atonmeBt *i reconciliation and reunion. Not a anile wt^h tot Queen bestows a t a drawing room apaa b m America! vtotomato wsstefl:aad there i->n..traeeof aateereig tor tbo •ajabm jasBBf which aoab iriimam s f btnignjf excite Cordiality to amongst tbo leading waits of ewbe there in gnat numbers, ar.1grooms will be in waiting gorgeous. You may Judge of the size of the chateau rick •William, has been postponed till the foil, when, upon them day and night. Agricultural implements andmachines are being arranged outside to endless variety. from tae fact that it possesses eighteen hundred bed- unless political events interfere, she Will assist at Mme. de Lamoriciere and fomlly b a n arrived at Mar- rooms. The glory of the place is tbe "Gallerie de Diane,'' tbe christening. Tbe Princess will probably be conseilles from Rome: aad it seems to be a pretty general be- or Diana's Gallery, which is some hundred feet long, lined fined about tbo sad of this month or the begin- have remained on*the continent. Great dread to en-very lief that her husband, the Pope's general, will not be ining of next; to the meantime she is gettingwith statues, and parquetted in the most beaut;fu! aad along charmingly, and promisee in every respect tfaatta- tertained of the effect which might be produced by sucbquaint manner. From this gallery one issues into parlorsf hue tbe gloriousexample of|her royal mamma. Ber son, intereoorKe- and therefore the men who came from Sicily or drawing rooms, hung aad carpeted witb tbo most gor- who to sow eighteen months o.d, is a fine child; but un- are kept a;-art at Gaeta and at Cafltonsmart, near Na geous Gobelin tapestry, and resplendent witb gilding. fortunately he has a weakness in ooe of his a m i , which phm..,,.,,-.talent. Mr. Barber, 1 be- TbCFitt tf Y-*er4*#~VtL<br<iiUm, o/tAUimtmtiontfSawy Magnificent lustres and chandeliers glitter ou ill sides; the physicians despair of removing. This is a serious de- Garfeslfli-a organizing tbe insurrection in both its civilBedewofOwr^fotyTkoummiTVoojMontheChampde Ban jlyj>oarawBii-e/tte Emperor—ThelUumimUiom to (be Evening, ale.We had a lmi# tat* in Paris yesterday.For the first time to tbe history of the •graad aAtioa, she celebratedready nominated a eomaaitotitototeBd. ABHBSttittoB toisland, and muskets are arriving every day; andstean boats are mucL needed, auri a r e to foot4faer; abe knows wtetofra .to appreciate, and can msnMest bertae treaty between tbe Emperor aafogsaaa —* the Kingof Sardinia having been exchanged and ratified by the re- preseatotives of tbe moaarchs and the people ia both countries,yesterdaytbenewlyacquiredterritorywas formally tamed own by Sardinia, and formally received byanditwouldbeamercyif be won remoyed;from tatofor their aoqutsilion. About 2,000 political prisonemhave been liberated, and *MK> galley alavee a****** theao-selvesfree. The Neapolitan government expect that tbe Queen's character, sagacity k asetber; "neb a living tide sweBtog ia one direction fehfonfoannhttbe grand reocatton at Strasbourg of tbe Emperor aad ofthe meeting at Baden. On a n reture from Baden the people Is it not right, and even necessary, to Inform the' ~ be invented to be buried witb ofJensli,raysU»»ilworta, «"troopsat tbe iafoatry nothing could be dis> t ngvttbed bot a eampact a a a oi something, aad theannaa,ale.fixingtbecoudoctor? CountAppoay,tohisaddress,ex-ontbeittram 'le—av"in—g. Two^ r w cheered > ctorgymsa want wits,,icted Prussia sines the time of Frederick the Great. ITheKingcontinuesintbesameTstLarte..iurwshnich. .ho.hasbeen for tbe last two years: ho to unable to walk, andmumbewheeledoutinachairwhenhotoorderedtotaketbe air la the gardens of Potsdam. Bis mindto quite gone, pensable, but measures are being taken to provide fundspublic the peaceful aumatib* of territory to her large do- ably. The stage is very large and commodious. Back of the rows of arm chairs are two rooms—one the Empe-JhoAcbargod*w^l aoaaw Ail the formalities having been accomplished, ror's, tbe other tbe Empress —tbo latter is the sweetestindis-PABJO, Joae 16,1S00.agate JMawaav go about the streets of Paris making horrible discord on dlers. Among tbe fine old carps that I mentioned abovelagj»dv.duals,withextraordinaryhateandleggings,who pieceofwater,forfromreachof theearnofpryingmed- Circwter r V Savoyard bagpipes, arc foil blown Frenchmen, ia one that bears In bis nose a golden ring, phtord theretktEmjnre-Preuurta/OsaMde awashSBSb ef Jbv bombardmentofNaplesthetoxzaroaihavebeenorganined ie a calif What retara would tola befortheopaby tbo bands of a princess. I fed these old nVh withcrumbs of bread, and saw some that show, beyond a de Lamori- lake part, without being considered maruders, in anyTu- doubt, marks of extreme old age. They are never dis-SheOpera,dc,4c.faction at any abow sf royal atwattonr What sorts . mtotaurt would it imply in a noble race like the Ameraaal ffitorfirft w > » < w m ^ nentitled to tbe glorious right of suffrage, aad tothe toft of a quarter oflawill remain there antfl reside at St. Ooud aaal tbepeople how they are to be dealt with. To distrust thosec-f the departedws-abi Fens aad mi- Wwwicksbire. Absnt _stalls aad kennels, visit*It to a trait tothe old chivalry which woman to to bofoundthanEmprem drives a fine pair of white ponies thirough the forest or ground* of the palace each morning that it to not raining, wbato tbo Prince Imperial takes "bis first lessons is the art of equitation." Saddle horses and car riages of every description o n always in readiness for the invittt When it rains there are games of all kinds to amuse tbo guests, billiard and bagatelle tables abound,and picture galleries are then vttited. Concerts and charades while away tbo evenings. I do not doubt tbe week passes away too quickly for the m t of tovuet that know that on tae seveata sap .tatty mi ate teaks roam for abase who have found the weeonce aad forever.ferrtetei, annua, Sevarese sad Vacua b a n been sentb safety lighted ber round tbewould be literally true of the United States. Batfrom an then abatraitioaa. wotons'tootort to asnarial J tbat if tbe Aanrtcaaa sawabt recefre aa oatotol totiamtto I of so gntifying a s attention as a visit from the Pnoots I Watoi, thety will make msuicdb preparations aas will prromotstflp abto from every intrusion while they are metataiamg tterto arrive at tbo and carry away the guests.a eecou more happy to ita conception, aad to its T*B S B B t t o a o f .N i c e s a d S a v o y .I b a n , through the kindness of a friend at Court, ob-faonas, Jaaa l%—By aa early no less than seventy athletic young for Italy, by Dublin, a good numberpersons vtoited the railmorning thto town tbe town,Morethana When ana_ tbe mom curtoas on sap to mnratoifn to the » leattouoftheBeaufort fomil) to opaa lbsseam of* tretEarlofWorcester,asitnsaidthat Wtained a seat in the imperial train, aad in my aextr law aaaiaaamenbrilliantstoatthanthatupon 1shallbeenabledtorelatetoyour'readerstbodetailsofJuly. Tbe court will, _greatest excitement prevailed, buttody visited England to seek tbe restoration of ber bsa» Amengst other places tbat abe vaitod w m Lsamxgto and at tbe Regret Betel in tbat town aba died, to the jf_to be present at the acewchkment of the Prinoam Frede-world, where h e is only a burthen to himself!KW^«" •and others.of whom cue has need is the worst coarse thetcaa be Ninandjtavoyiu state Tbo omaswatos ttteaditnt pursued. It is frankness sad confidence alone wktob can•ttrttas ^aa .rfasa^j ^^nrw^ ^^*rw^»waBsaujjBsaaiBBrB^BBe s aaxUiN ^ *w9**^*s uusBAnaaver graad and magni-medium baa been —~^,..^~", _ha.t y, .e.t.t.h-ere u too mi s/flot PVata leaning towards the forms and ideas of the tdertaken to be present at tbe opening of a railway fromtbe wishes of Hungary.To-day the entire Council bas been pre*«'ut<*l to tbeHarland Low, and aa the bad coffin being cut open SKoeigaburg to Eydkfim. on th* Russian frontier, whore it, June 13, lBSS.Untitled Document•*interior of Russia, though It may also fa- bantbecourage? Ittosaid,however,that thestatutesregular seeatoa shall have oommeacod.There a n some wbo think that tbo govoramsat onlywishes to make use of tbe Council for financial purposes. * happy h e w n that the bonds which had so long united his Certainly the government to in a desperate atrait toral GortschakorT, tbe Russian Governor of Poland, to whom penctuaj andao,at prociaely balfpaat ooe o«'c»lo- c-ak- ,t«h.ve-. 1 be addressed a vary complimentary speech, saying howo«rVienna Correspondence. Vnm»,jaa01,l|)^.next attak win be upon Messina. For my own part, I can scarcelyb-lkvethatGaribaldiwillwastehistimeioat- temptingtocaptureforamadplaces,whenasinglepitched sattto<w41 soatoe to overthrow the Boarbea dynasty. evenatNaples,wherehetoWaitedfarwitbtonpatiwaat.respectwhichsheaqiurtoamforrappnetottoa,andtbf^ our ntotins in blooi I!Ojm'aao a/ ma ftaactf a/ms Mmpin-Tks CaaaWa ChamandtohistoryIsatributefronEnglandEngland in the glvfog of it. igland which earac-a Ipoleon, constructed by his orders, just in the centre of the Count AapaBJ PrwimmsM JHtU-FHmtM .State *f priated to the shelter of the troops, sad to facilitate tbo lishman should coma next door, aad act atom much aof the prove Mr Jbasn mitte tbe n<pony to on herei W. F1Tb Caluc•ewbkl Wh boooiof lb lines ed i Amewith oouldsaind of i aurti"W tillirtoa"••J rivaltorn taytiiruoft] WIG a f tYou wtU n a n learned from tbojournals the opening ofturbed,andK<Htheirdailybreadwinterandsummer. Once theCounciloftboEmpire,which took place yesterday.M awhile some old fellow is round floating upon the It has been so much spoken of beforehand, and so muchsurface, but I was assured by the lake keepers that very importance has been attached to it, that it would have their royaliam as if by enehsabnent. Cavalry, infantry, amount of etiqoetter It amy be raaotea that tbe "roup 1few of them have died during tbe time ftyej (the keep-ers)havebeenatTontainebleau,andseveralofthemhavebeen then bah* a century—(always meaning the keepers).1 came to the conclusion that carps a n unusually longawed. Tbe lake or basin 1meach night aad morning thescone of rowing aad sailing matches between the guests. nine persons, generate, bishops, lords, high to leave everything to tin fniaarm Napoleon. Tbo Emperor every morning, very early, rows. himself employes, and two or three bourgeois, all— : i H V - ' - J -. after which bo walks, un-ef flaa old tram, to the thbe horses and fl^ogws., and then returns to tbe chateau to read the Bttmaose maims of correspondence that arrive each mini tog By the time that Napoleon DX bm got quite anemones with tbo aflbimof Europe, by wading through tbe totters sad papers 1have just referred to,his gamts begin to move about aae) >signs of lifer Therepublicans —of course "rough," because repub! windoaomethtogwhichwouldbederogatorytou gPrtoSSto tbeeymofhiaEnglishaoajacto. Wedonot a> f"- ^suflkedtoassistattheopeningtounderstandtbevery opposite Fancy a room so small that fifty-Bine persons could scarcely occupy H with comfort. Fancy those fifty-police and gendarmes traverse the atreets of the capital Hagladday. Naplesisafortressandaprisoninspire respect aad touch tbe hearts of tbe Basses. TbeEmperorNapoleonHIewesallhtogreatnessto this policy. W e b a n seen t o what the contrary policy-has-le"d"th"e KingofNaples. It athoughtthat a"tbe netohborhood of , ail sptondid looking Bginheightsixfeet, but embarrassments on all sides, verything to ready for aa explosion, aadCaptains Acton aad Caracciolo, of tbe two Neapolitaaa svery rapidly.The fancy fair a t Bologna in favor o f tbe Sicilian insur-demand w h y any one should find fault, with the Turin Minister of War if he all of a sudden should discover that he fats a few hundred sharp ahootera whoa* aervtoaaby the pouoe into email beads sad armed, to order thatthey may spread themselves through the town and do thswork of pillage and incendiarism and assassination. Butthis excites no alarm. As soon as these vagabonds have cans—our own blood? As a practical question, what i j amde the acquaintance of a couple of Orsini bombs, andTbe court is even in a a w e compute state of demoralita Hantaan the army. Tbe instructtoaagivoa to De lartino, tae special envoy wbo has been despatched i s Paris, arelievo last anyatom nothing could ao It is notoriow that the VMS, pat forward to tbo their own imtioa of theirar be entertain*crowdedgeneral, the Archduke, President of this body of legisla-tors. Fancy, anally, this body itself, placed between thePresident appointed by the Emperor, and regulations pre-scribed by the Ministry, and you will comprehendwhether or not the first impression of such an assemblagecould b a n been fitvorable. Nor was it so,* either to tbomembers of the Council or the public. Tbo evening four-Dais w e n waited for with some curiosity for fuller de-tails of this first session; but they contained only a simpleremark, that there had been a mam at the palace, andtbtu that the Council opened. Neither tbe opening speechof tbe President, nor those of the Ministers Appoay and his support. Bnt la point of fact tbo court is utterly de own honorand dignity. Thereto anrebelsaltold:moetoand heapedABdrary, w e n published. It to true that tbo roles Imposed seeresy; bat tbe councillors did not wish to swear to those rams, and consequently the pub- lic might have been Informed to regard to tbe solemnity. But it was said, afterwards, what good would it do? It did not concern tbe public. That to, I behave, to foot, tbe explanation which might b e considered official. How- ever, tbO President, to his discourse, said that the Council would have an immense task to perform: that of reorganising Austria to conjunction witb the government, andtakingcognizanceofthewishesaadtateresttoftbethe Paopes tnsued in the provincee, as will be teen from the subjoinedban tbo "Garde Nobleof the fair Moris Aatetorttesate col s rali- aft) iresapplied to tbe vtear and cam JL wardens of atanilwew ci* nun Ii , wbo wont by tbe early fwtberomosalofthebody. tttorenin* ooulda* be oatThis wm oaite anexpected, and ao deaao&stration plied with without the peraaasioo oftAeBtobopof Wore*Regent with Prince Gorttchakof at Insterbury-Tke Baden aad more. The nationalities are awakening. Opposition wm vtofWe. save when a cheer was givea m tbe station. ter,andMr. Lowretoroed an America wiSbeatobuxSita removal. Another eilbrt b m reomwy bnm a n * *Everyahere tberapnlar breath fills abate . _ .to^tbswamines—Secret s / PiaaMa's Cfeaaasa to Russia— Ao is everywhere manifested. The most faithful provinces! . Cunrnm, Jane 13 —There w o n twenty-five respectable such aa Bohemia, tbe Tyrol and Croatia, are to a state of | young follows went from Clonmel on Tuesday morning to , <.mDapinthree •stems Jftatatl Casroymr a/As iVt*c« Regent-The high excitement. Certainly then am ao storms, ao Waterford ennateto Italy. They wonaccompaniedto toagth of tbe fie!! b> rrasesB Baaaj f a s Infant Prince—The A'tao't Cm thunder; bat ought one to await the flash before thestottonby a vast eoacourseof people Jfwlho heartilyobtain tbe requisite authority for tbe rsmoval of * bodyJandwitbtotbela*few dayatheBishopforwai*bafooaby. CmWedaesaay tost tbeooaan wterea** fromtbevault,totboaainu ofMr.Dawa tart church wardens. It wm stead u> be to aa entii*plained, to to said, tbat it was already more than time •to seek some shelter from the danger. He declared tbatTbe Prtoce Regent roturned last week from a journey tothe eastern extremity of the kingdom, which be had un- he would speak and vote in the interest and according to Boman emigration ton gone forward from this station. Oa ir. tbe te'gbborbcod. The plate bore tbe name of .fltcywere to be jetaed at Tempto-issixfcet live and ahaf tram arrived about forte* md Killenaule proceeded toamnif BOM Aboutthreeyearsagobewmogatovtoittof lagfoad,ar 11tateawittGarTaaMl.ItranrooofErin wboannearerVane, andtowhomyouan •e closely bound b y mteisteriul obligations A s slist you are so anxious to posh forward a system at noxious education, you will sat forget tbo more import*. • a i l tolwiBli e f t a o | n vstealpraatoBattaa sftBtopeoato They a n abandoatog too country to desaair, seeing » may. nay, that It most, be their to, to be bm isbod from tb« *ands which they ban cam. rated and Improved. Far better would it to to aaoun for tanas fly tog hordes the reward of torn industry than to be bribing a tow todlvtoaato with earn mous salaries, under tbe pan of gtvtog the people a av tional edocutiou. Let the people l i n aad educate thsa- mlvm rather tbaa s t e r n aad anwit thswaBTttaog caM- ren with a show of charity which was denied to therr n . :tbatat a recent date, . Ws now understoodbe will ha aad employvery for to tot if a t e a couple much abawith which tanricana, wfaOa to ao degra asoastotog their atoapatatonce, anaifant their satelamonyaaa mU42.»be was buried al benilwortb, to ataa aaaoualdiapl offth«lltnaerWmaMIM=* O.JMrBUUHM Thomas M.309 South 4th Street Fulton New York 13069www.fultonhistory.comTryniskiI 