 * o * r 'tbUshext, By haw>B*ary to yvarnt,* , apoikbonated . over royal jer binejoreiiaa-[p^seatV?imr.Fester* pho sits eHud—tnde of at fev* apreeB Vines- terrErp» i, save i miles, who!©• hoar* |seks to night*rawnee9d the fittedspa- Ea r i n t the8, X- . menjOoiou.'(of theMXTEMFBOM THE PEOPLE. MB. WEEJJ4M DtJBR.f^.^tbtfytwrvervabte^PICKPOCKETS.buzzer,'- she puts on her choicest costume, being sureto which they have.a decided objection, as copies ofaasea<i yitdi- netries^ the whe is made an instrument of spoliation week, and one or two the week previous. For months acquainted with them and their modes of gether unreservedly, in a language peculiar to them- ing the Controller not to pay for such work} if pro- against the creditors of her husband.i iservices of the late Or. Edward 0 . Dummer, who was whether or not.it is worth while to attend, and act ac- drownedatLongBranch,onSatdxdaylast,tookplacejcordingy. Nearly,allofth«mdresswell,andsomeofIborn in this country, of Irish parents. The second po- sition as regards numbers is .claimed both by the En-..;'*"» .-'.ever is taken of them, so long as they are willing to Tuesday, *restore the property.*j the comfortjahd the lives of 'there who differ from. ^ * ^ « £ » * ^ S e e t . « * * »oimcb.n*w«r£ven«aUeg*d,nor ! them. In Jo30, the Maronite Biehop of Beyrout, the3 £ T £ e f £ r f W b e a r the- U» PeopW. &*££*&&?& I most learned and influential of all the Lebanon bishops,said genius, to become an expert and successful pick- purae, it is returned so that they may he assured,of itspocket. One who is never at a loss for an expedient, presence. Even when they ascertain that their money•the afftMrtions of heart which, according to the N-»w * Te«"ament, distinguish the true disciple of Christ, they, by their own confession, have none of them. In theirmjt.•'•<--i•— -The following facte, few amoDg a multitude, willsorts of costumesvandat the most unexpeted time and ,pur8eas carefully returned to the owner's pocket. La- place, always: having an ey"e to; business, yet exceed- dies are always fearful of being robbed, and as theywaytoguardagainstthemistolookwellafteryour valuables.ITEMS.nmy .\***&&fi'****S*r*&">*~ *'* * ^was some ._him. Suddenly, some one is crushed up against him,the flagrant abuses by means ofwhich, in some coun-RESPECTED FRIEND: Three numbers of our DAILY TRIBUNE (directed " R. Bnsnnell") were missing lastthe profession—are rather inclined to avoid New-York,as the Detective Police have become too thoroughlycations. In these•.••' lushing kens," as the saloons are ing been blocked as regards thiB improvement by thetermed, they enjoy their liquor and cigars, talking to- action of the-Councilmen in adopting resolutions direct-relatives of Mr. Ratz. Dr. Ogilby delivered a brief discourse, in the course of which he paid a high tribute to the character of the deceased, and spoke ot him as tt man who was beloved by all who knew him., At thetltey can obtain only upon presenting the marriage cer- tificate delivered by the municipal officer. Thi larter •ceiemony, however, i* to more than a,religious formal* ity in the eyes of the law, entirely beyond or ouside •*f ciril marriage, and leli entirely to the partie.V con- sciences with which the law in/ France very wisely nevtT interferes. It is, then, an egregious error, to let people believe that in France the nocary has power to marry, as well as the priest. The Code Napoleon, in use since 1802, has happily cut. short the scandals andmonstrousanuseswnichmostinevitablyreoult from the multiplicity of functionaries haviujr powjr tojoin people in wedlock, as is die case in Now-Y ork State. Here a. Frenchman may, t'lrouch error, or in consequence of the elasticity of k»cal htw, get married by a no;ary,hut assuredly this would poo oe by assi- milation to what takes place in his own couutry; forthereisnotasinglepersoninFrance ignorantofthe lact, that marriages as well as births aad deaths are all recorded by the municipal officer only.Is ic not time thatnjea«»uree of repression were taken against dishonestfuactionaries, wao, inspite of the terms of the law, eolemnized marriages which they knew full well to be illegal and void ! They candot plead ignorance. IfWould it not be desirable in a country where reli- gion is s*id to have nothing to do with the Government, and Government nothing witn religion, that the institu- tion of Marriage should at last be regulated, and thatPOLICE COMMISSIONERS. —At the meeting of this Board, yetterday afternoon, Policemen D. fl. Brower .frecmemiy the instigators of iheir' crimes. For in- of the Eighth Ward, Tbos R. Houston of the Second,.-;•.-:&Qt i&i& !SWftwtt.4a-me t» say. anything^ * . * * . « ^ ' • « • * ordertooon^ncethe| .ntof^enc^^ ,^ ^ ^ ^ ^ ^ g3 B s * t » . n t a » ^ w f l » - . k But I wish *> call^S»l»^attention to one diThis statement* m that all who do so with tee eprhets of Bible men and Freearedetectedtakethematterverycoolly,andbeartheir punishmentwithasgoodagraceaspossible. AstheyS*rir>*ur«efortheirguideof life,tha*thevstigmatize £^ofbisletterwhichhedevotestome. air.Doer]Masons—these "m^§jm^^^^^^m^^^aethepichpbekete.-Oldmenandwomen,spruceyoung foldsofti>edresstillthepocket,isfound,when downboysandbloominggrrlaj;^ of gothefingersto.thebottom,andthepurseissooneX-vthe profession. They' are met at alTpointa, iu all tracted. The money is instantly taken from it and the are to be met with at all places and all hours, the onlyandday,sevendaysintheweek,towhich fact policemencanmakeaffidavit.By city ordinance,junk-dealers are forbidden ton chase any article from a minor, a servant, or an! prentice, and yet their trade is mostly carried on with children. Boys and girls, sent out by rumdrinkiag parents, to buy, earn or steal, a few pennies, are. em- ployed by junk-dealers to search for metallic odds and5,500 votes cast for Swnly would have supported a^y Bible men in any way whatever . . . . . and from one. whom the Bepubhcan Convention wou?d have | the exceeding excellency of the religion of our wholenation, tbey have given steady heed to our orders—ail ed. Anv person caa, therefore, judge as to whether j except tho*e accursed ones, on whom be the wrath ofxtominateo for the office to which Mr. Duer was elect-and from saucy, mud-bespattered pilferers, of decayedthieves are made so by junk dealers.W e desire towhether I am cowardly or mendacious. He can thereextraction, who are known as»" the sheeny gang"(eheeny being the term universally applied to Jews by of provisions aff wholesale prices, on the plan of the Awake General Committee for the city, is hereby recommended" are accustomed in their own countries' to solemnize from the Pasha of Damascus compelled the. Zahh li " matrimony under the auspicea of officials answering' men to retire. • -.It is observable that the Syrian correspondent of Thefrom the pocket, and by a dexterous movement of. thethumb and forefinger, the ring to which the chain iBhave risen in the ranks, and now, as Irish-Americans, are entitled to full as good a belt as John Bull himself.8tates, if the weather is fair to-day a great crowd may he looked for, beside there is a large chus who alwaysItaat tne £hurc has nothing to do wiih the Gov-ernment, if marriage ia a civil contract, as it isstated by a lawyer in your paper of the 25thiii»tant, what right can the Government have to force apneettoreportreligiousaudsacredacts7Thisde-mandof the American law i» as anti-redgious and anti-constttutional as that decision of an English Court,which would fain have exacted of a Catholic priest therevelation of a fact disclosed to him under the seal of Kortunntely, no person waa bit. • •confession.ofTaxTRIBUHJS,whoarelittleac«taainied *?ishtT Aiken»isshotandinstantlyk'lled.atltt:dLion,nearVincen j.tewa.r}a).nu&touCounr,%,ouThursday,Uthiust.,by JohnA.shopwindow,^ m^ ^ m^ ^ ^l MV,^Advertisement,jGintsjay'sGALLERY. No. 707 etoedwey. FHOTOttKArtfS, lTOaTTT«»»,^mand our deep commiseration on the score of kv.ma nity,city tejora^^s^/^prai^^d^^jum anybther city ou carelessly.throws her mantilla over her neighbor's liap.ceedingly shrewd and active, careless of money when they have it, and reckless when they have not. .Theyhibited, by ordinance, from,buying or selling any arti-. • - . —yet their case ia not quite so heart-moving as if a comIS THERE ANY REMEDY.The most expert pickpockets—those at the head of are wont to congregate, when not pursuing their avo up at their office, "No work given," the wheels hav- the presence of a large assemblage of friends andif*wvmmmmMmm^mNm; w^Mmm^mui0J^^tm^sefi'm itand the name and rerfdenoe of the person ofViT*f H U M*» d»i when nominatedfor % l^csl o«o«i«*«» »££**««^nih^mdnaUvnvw mad*uponanynnd*r»Und- serve to show what estimate they put upon the rights, ingly wary. It reauires great skill, we had almost are constantly feeling through their dress for theiryZ*ulm not te leave C»Bf«nda a condemn of n^ntaati>n to ! published a hook (now lyixsg before the writer) in ' never loses his self-possession, and who generally gets is gone, and the purse left, they are more apt to believeAt length we have had a good soaking rain, the first ends, for which tbey pay ae tbey please;' In this man- sincethe warm weather set in—a rain which will send ner the children of the streets are encouraged to steal the young grass up, '^j^^^^^^wMenj and do a when they cannot find, for their exacting parent* re-world of good generally to every green thing. 'JTwaa quire money of them, and an empty-handed child i« a ram that lasted'all Monday night and the better part soon cured of conscience by frequent beatings. Manyof yesterday, w t h a aharp return''hut evening. It has a man now in State Prison owe his confinement the** done itswork thoroughly and well. While; out in the to tlie facilities afforded him in his early days by junk-country it has gladdened the farmer's heart,here in the dealers. This the police know, and they are daily city it has cleansed the dirty streets, flushed out th witneeses to this traffic with children. Junk-dealers,foulsewers,andfreshenedthetrees*andgrassinth% hyordinance,areprohibitedfrombuyinganyarticleof parks till they look quite spring-like again. The gold or silver, any wearing apparel, and many otherstormembractdawideextentofcoast,reachingfrom things. Butallisfishthatcomestotheirnet,and beyond Boston down to New-Orleans. In Philadel- tbey are not apt to ask questions regarding the owner-phia it was accompanied by sharp lightning, which abip of articles offered them. Almost ererj day stolencaused the death, of several persons. No less than four goods are recovered by the police from junk-dealers'SeT*C«t«inlTrao Iuc1S"^dldm »r^nmdeii» my case,and I • ^Kich he asserts that every baptized parson (and bap- be)i«ve in DOother" . n tism by hereti-sis acknowledged valid) is, by virtue ofwhat he is after, has only acquired his skill and dex- that it was-lost than to suspect their good-lookingWhen Mr. D. wrote the above paragraph, he wrote * Djg baptism, brought under the lawful authority of terity by many years of hard study of, human nature, neighbor. In some cases, where the purse cannot be*ha±-which heK»F.w to be utterly fal««. He knows | the Church of Rome, and that all who resist this au- an immense amount of practice, and probably many returned, it is thrown from the window, or dropped, . ..' . &J* ^^in^i-d him was called [ thcrity the Church " i s BOUSD to, puni$k withecdcxi-months' imprisonment. Pickpockets are a distinct class into the coat-tail pocket of some convenient gentleman.that the party Which first nominated him was ca.^ea ^ ^ a i H c a l ^ ^ ang penalties, and to deliver such as of thieves, and associate as little with burglars and But in all cases, whenever or however obtained, thethe People's fceform Par^-, and one ot tne mam miags <t are incorrigible into the hands of the civil power to other depredators, as would a dry-goods merchant- thief's first object is to get rid of the puree, or any-which they wished to reform was the very game he <«bepunished WITH IXEATH! a^d consequent she has prince5 with a retail dealer in hardware. A skillful thing else he may have taken that can be positivelyl *A «h thflm of *' jrectinff an'oflic* and then leaving "ar»ght to enforce obedience, BY A.VY PUNISH>IENTpiayea on inem oi & - © • d t <•WHATKVKK." Moreover, to show that this right and pickpocket excites the greatest admiration among his ^identified.- •>"./•, '"• '• .,.'!theStatewithall-themoneytnat-couldbescraped:oat ^ ,^^ ^ &mfcr<j abfltractioQ.the .Afaf »riarch lessfortunatecompamona,andislookeduptowithas jItisfrequentlysaidthatinNew-Yorkthereareregu-of it;" and the subject- of nommaung none out to.>se o ; ^ u o n a t a i n ^ a t t h e v e r ^ u ^ e of the publication of much reverence as is a man in .respectable society who lar schools wherein modern Pagins teach the young ideawhoexpectedtomakeCaliforniatheirhome,wa*agx- thebishopehovk,wasnoldmgoneofhisownpeople, hasthousandsofdollarsathisfingers'ends. Hefully howtosteal; Thisisamistake,atleastinthepresent1+••—» T W T ^ T in the Bepubhcan and People's Conveu- who had become a Bible man, chained in a dang-on, in Z f w « S t h e occasion of long editoriai- m the pub- the convent of his residence.. The " spiritual pains and tiotf, but wa» tne oocaajva w*w"» ^ o n ,;pei;a]ues" irtfUcted on him, were such that, after three fie press, and was also the common street talis ot a i l ! 8> euflering, h« died under^ them, praying to bisappreciates his position, and with an air of the greatest age, as none such exist. Thieves are the natural prod- condescension accepts from his fellow-thieves those uct of a mixed population like ours. Among the pro- little offerings of brandy punches and cigars -which fessional pickpockets are repiesentatives/ of almostthese who expected to vote the Keforin Tick-1, and ] hucst breathfor his enemies, and for the enlightenment they so freely offer at his shrine of dexterity and every nationality. By far the largest part of them are•Mr D w r ' a m a«*rt with eqmdly R«>od grase, and | of his nation. - impudence.inches of rain fell there in eight hours.shops, hut, except in extreme cases, no notice what-««rid stand tbe-samechance ot b«mg beiieved, that he | rfftTnot read ax»v of the papers pob.isaed in San Fran-This same patriarch, on another occasion, when a friendly Maronite Sheikh had received to his mountainTheir modes of obtaining the ,object of their am-BULL'S "EXAJ^-New-York*£tQodwnae the meetings of the Couvtmtioa which f home a Bible man for the health, of a sick child, sent bition—generally a pocket-book or a gold watch—are glish and by the Jews, and it is an undecided question Aug. I4.r-The market opens this, week with nearly The ordinance farther forbids the junk-dealers break-„ftmhmied him and which were in session some two i against the.Sheika a violent letter of excommunication. as numerous as the various classes of pickpockets.- as to which is entitled to that honor. Of tone-blue 4,000 bullocks in the sale pens, upon which all night ing 'taking to pieces, or in any other way altering any >-Sekaor more. So much for Mr. Du*r*s first. The'stranger and a son of the Sheikh were forced to Itfr Puer meets my assertion in regard to his Repu*«- \ flee, and the Christian prelate sent forth after them theBcaniism in 1857 with a flat denial, and I am wildo* rt following letter: ' : ^ahoula rest on a question of veracity between him and " T o the sheikha of the house of Daw-kir: It is not me. I do not withdraw the charge, but would lise to unknown: to you that, within a shoit tim», B — - , the have him deny thai he voted th- straight Republican Bible many has come into the parts of the Gib.be, and State and County ticket (headed by Edward Stanly *br among his associates are the miserable Lattoof el Ash- Governor) in 1857. As to whether the Republican j shi and his sons, on. whom be the wrattfc of God with a vote was necessary to his election or not, yoa nave al- j triple curse. W e have, heretofore, issued proclama- »**/?-c triven th<Pvote soowiuff that the Republican voie i tions to all she sons of our Maronite nation, exhortinsrThey all particularly delight m a crowd. Let a few Yankee pickpockets, the number is limited. Not but and all the forenoon a steady, soaking rain was falling, article purchased by them, but apecially stipulates that thousand, people congregate in the street ,or in some there are raecals enough among them, but they do bet- which had a rather depressing effect upon trade, and it shall be eold in the same condition as when bought. place of amusement, and there you will find the pick- ter as forgers, confidence operators, embezzlers, coun- we have had such a long series of fair days for market, Yet what an immense profit these dealers make by pocket in his glory. Take a street crowd, for instance. terfeiters, stock brokers, insurance agents, bankers, that people are not accustomed to doing out-door busi- bnying old implements and utensils, and fay polishing: Two or three of the light-fingered gentry are there, &C The universal Yankee mind was made for biggei? ness in the rain. Prices, we believe, were pretty gen- and scrubbing, and repairing a littlehere and tinkering: working together. Tney select their victim, and im- things than the mere mechanical operation of picking erally equal to half a cent a pound less than this day a little there, selling them again for almost as much as mediately sieze every opportunity to hustle and jostle the pocket of a verdant «>untryman. Pickpockets, last week, particularly for all the low kinds of stock, new ones cost.. What we especially object Wis their! and exco smunicating all who associate with those ^ ^ • f o S V ^ a U o t h e r t a i d . a t l e a s t 4 , 0 t ) 0 o f t h e — ^ — - - — • - - • - . . .therefore, are mostly Irish, and are the result of thatat which both begin to swear furiously, the'.victim neglect of ofjj»pring so notorious among Irish parents. which will be made up to-morrow, as low as five cents Any Police Magistrate on the bench will bear us oatBy the time you get out of the crowd, highest degree your zeal, only you have been faulty disappeared! Pickpockets generally work in schoolsyour pocket.Oiiental HoOl in 1856 for balloi-bix stuffing), to learn by the intercession of His m»ther. W e praise to the your»wallet and your pertinacious friend have bothA n Association called the Commonwealth will meet Yet there are a large number of pickpockets of Jewish to-night at Convention Hall, Wooater street, to discusswhich victory was by the favor of God Most High, andexpatiate on the glorious commercial principles of the in not burning the village Merisca. The entire correct of two, three, four, five, or six, just as the exigencies so-called Consmutional Union party, and I will reply course was to have burned it. Hereafter, take goodin a cause equally sacred and much more necessary heed, if victorious, not to stop short of burning, and of the occasion may require. The first object to-be ob-acquainted with each other, and, fraternize more effect- theabove-mentionedspeech, •SACRAMENTO.•to$ewomen.Asidefromthis,burn,kill,-plunder—pocket,andthenextistoinducehimbysomemeansuallythananyothers.Thereareanumberofthisto be selected as lollows:Jfirtt: In all'Wards where a " Wide-AwaKe" or " Lincoln"Cresset Company is organized, sach Company shall elect its o « i delegation to the General Committee afoiesaid.Second:ForeachWardinwhichaCressetCompanyisnot formed, the Republican Association of sach Ward is hereby re- quested to select the said delegates to the said Widc-Awak* General Committee. • ,- 'fthan the one in which he was engaged when be madeentire destruction. Our only caution is, do no injurytained is to divert their victim's attention from his- ' •THE MAMMOTHSHIP.—Yesterday,uptothree o'clock, was rather a dismal day for the Great Eastern. After that time, as the rain ceased, and the clouds par-The clause* stipulated in the marriage contract are together we do not lose a number. I attribute the dif operation. They accordingly turn'.'^heir • atten- selves and unintelligible to those not initiated. This ceeded with. The Aldermen not having concurred, she conclusion of his remarks, the services for the buriajof irrevocable, and are not subject to any modirjcation ference to the political excitement, and I observed the tion'to traveling and "Working" railroad cars, flash language which they employ has been nearly all Croton; Board, in this perplexing condition of affaire, the dead, according to the Masonic rites. 'were per- whatever after the marriage celebration, which always same thing occurred. during the last Pi esidenual elec- steambcats, and the' inland cities which they, imported from the back alums of London, where have applied to the Corporation Counsel for an opinion formed by the members of Continental Lodge, oftakes place afterward only, except perhaps by a judg- tion. Somebody somewhere takes the papers from the visit on their route. Two. or three generally travel rogues of all classes are in the habit of meeting; it con- as to what course they may legally pursue.which Mr. Ratz was a member. Criaplain Gorney, of the same lodge, delivered the funeral d i ^ u r s e .The coffin comainihg the remains was embellished with Masonic emblems, and bore a plate, with the in- scription:GUSTAVUS A RATZ. Died August 12. I860. Aged 2; years, 4 months, 2 days.At 3 o'clock, p. m., the cor ege moved through Broome street, and down Broadway, to the Soata ftrry, whence the remains were conveyed to their finalment of the tribunal, which can dissolve the communitycijproperty when there is proof that the -portion of thewife ispa danger. -For this reason the marriage con-^ there any remedy ?tains words which represent nearly every English tice their arts upon unwary strangers. After a suc- word employed in ordinary conversation, and is uni-tract cannot be made privately bet ween the parties, but only by two noiaries or by one notary aloae in presence of witnesses. This is the only rule of notaries regard- ing marriages, and only in connection with parties who have an interest in making a marriage contract. How many people make no contract before marriage, and consequently have nothing to do with the notary !Xeio-Lebanvn, Ang. 5, 1860.F. W.' EV ANS. /cessful tour, they return to New-Y ork to spend theirversally used among rogues who speak English, somail matter. I suppose it must be a Postmaster. Is together, and take advantage of every crowd to prac- Your old friend,••HOMES IN THE WEST.—Mr. H. Friedgen left for the W est with a party of very interesting children, mostly boys, numbering thirty-five, from the office of thethat our late Chief-of-PoliceNEW-JERSEY ITEMS. not an unusual thing for an expert to start from New- while to publish a " Kogue Vocabulary," osten- Children's Aid Society, yesterday afternoon. ThereItal»o happens sometimes that marriage does nottake place, although a contract may have been made hy City is to be Vrought home from Philadelphia to-day. live in idleness for several months. This leaves in thea notary, and consequently said contract is null and It will arrive by the Camden and Amboy boat at 7 city ft w beside the comparative novices, the women,void. • o'clock. At 8 o'clock the Company wid be received at and the " kids," or juvenile pickpockets.Marriage properly speaking is entirely a civil act in the Jersey City Ferry by several of the Fire Compa- These are particularly afraid of the Detectives,ets are enabled to converse in regard to their plan-j, asfreejy before strangers ae it they were alone. The De in complete returns. The IXth District of the Seven- composed.of Company A, Capt. Bensel, &>nnhental tectives me acquainted with all of these saloons, and teenth Ward has a population of 9,728. The bounds of Lodge P. A. 5L, and a deputation of the New-1'ork not utifre juently enter them to see who are among the the district are; on the north, Fourteenth street; east, Gymnasts. Th« pall-bearera were Messrs. S. O. Ryder, patrons of the bar; if a particular thief is wanted, the First avenue; south, Eighth street; west, Fourth W. P. Halsted, W. H. Burr,R. D. Evans, JonnWelc-France, and can o^ly be performed by the residingMajor of one or the other party; in his absence by hissubstitute. The doenment ytatrng it, is recyrded in pal streets. presence of the parties, signed by four witneeses andthe municipal officer. Thw done, the parties, if each istheir inclination, appear before a clergyman, accordingto their religion, to revive the nupdal oenedi ;tion, whicnres, who will escort them through some of the princi- and will seldom attempt a job'when they know them ' to be .near. It frequently occurs that at places ofamusement a thief will present himself to a Detecdve ENFORCING THE LIQUOR LAW.—Terence Givney, who may be there, and beg to be allowed to go inside. keeper of a liquor place in Cotes street, Jersey City, He promises "laithfully not to " work" tne audience, "was tak*n before Rocordc-r Tildeii yesterday, charged anc if the Detective wishes, he will wait till all the with selling lquor on the Sabbath, f..»r wnich he, was people a»e out of the building before taking iris depart- lined $10. The Recorder expresses his determination ure. If the officer grants him permiwion, the chief to e'ntorce the ordinance against selliug liquor* on tha payfthis nioney. goes inside and seats him.H-lf" in an Sabbath in every ease where sufficient evidence of the L obbcu; e corner, from whence he watches the perform-fact can be obta ned.RCNNING HORSE CARS ON SUNDAY.—A meeting of faithfully, foi-he knowH that if any oue of the audi-" lushing keus" are at once visited. If the person sought iB discovered, his comrades Beldom resist any attempt made to airett him. The proprietors are fully aware of the character of their patrons, aud are not un-avenue. • '- /ker; B. P . Beach, W. Corry, G. V. Weir. The mili- tary acted as escort and body-guard.WEST WASHINGTON MARKJKT.To the Editor of The N. Y. Tribune.Sat: I fee in a morning paper that "the City Con-o* •.'poisons in favor of running the horse railroad curs for ence is robbed, ^he Detectives will be sure to arrestproperty and franchises (other than grants of land under water) WardwascreatedaRoundsman.Aftertransacting ofthecityatauctiontothehighestbidder,withadequatese- curity." May I be permitted to suggesttoMr.HawsthathotheaccomodauonoftnepublicontheSabhath,was himimmediately. As"anounce-ofpreventionistar ded by; a large iandAspeotable body of citizens. The eobject vtas discussed both in favor aud against, the running of the cars, and subsequently, resolutions favoringtheprojectweie'adopted.appearance of a Detective in a crowd does more to single blessedness, invariably possess sweethearts eome other business the Board adjourned.prevent crime than all the heavy penalties ever inflict- wiilrwhom they enjoy all the domestic comforts of a ed by Judge Kuscell. The light fingered gentry al- Free-Love union. Sometimes the sweetheart, havinghad better comply with tlds provision of the charter than to talk of doing anythipg with West Washington Market, which bo knows will only involve the city in additional U* »«dts, which mast reaultInadditional judgmentsagainstthecily1 HadMr.m.THE FUNERAL OF D R . DUMMKR.—The faneral be there? Being (satisfied on this point, they knowregards.the rest of mankind; but should her lover fall beneath the strong arm of the law, absence and pover- tyconquerlove,andshe soon takes anotherpartner.ill-gotten gains in gambling and riotous living. .It issibly for the benefit of the'Police Force.. The were many boys from the Newsboys' Lodging, and A N E W ENGINE.—The double-deck fire-engine re- to New-Orleans or some of the Western cities,and im- book is more extensively read by the thieving fra- others from poor parents, who will try to beco ne hon-• :— / York with scarcely any funds, travel directly through cently purchased by Engine Company No. 1 of Jersey mediately return with sufficient money to enable him toternity, however, and is of greater servico to them est, industrious farmers in the West. than to honest people. With this language pickpock-•,mi m«SJJ; iance with pleasure.He always keeps his promisecepted. A resolution was adopted making honorable sional's most solicitous attentions, and is followed for apprehending two rowoies at Jones's Wood onwere." .• '....heid at Hudson city en Monday night, and was at- wortb a pound of cure," so it often happens^that the. Pickpockets, although generally supposed to live inthe rank of Sergeant, and John Himblin of the samewayskeepwell-advhedofall publicsgatherings,,andtheirrirei.inquiryiswhat "coppers" (policemen)will thiefwith'.whomshelives,is honest and virtuous asWesttotakepassageforBremen. He encountereda " r u n n e r " named Nicholas Miller, who' induced h?m to buy a ticket at the office No. 157 Cedar street. A ticket worth $35 was sold) to him for $55 hy Williamto,fheCityTreasurywouldhaveb»«ninAereceiptofatleast #200,000morethanithasbyhisneglect. *It i« undoubtedly trne that " each dealer occnptes Ml former stand and expects to do so, because the Lessee of the State will notdisturbthem,andthesaidLesseewillnotpermitthemyr-The Rev. Dr. Farley of the Unitaiiau Church, while a confederate : picks liis.: pockets. Many where the male and female pickpocket form connubialBrooklyn, officiated, Tne remains followed by 30 of the second or third-rate pickpockets makebefore Justice Kelly, who locked him up for trial. A friend of his, nam<-d Ellis, having conducted himself withcustomarydiscourtesyinCourt,wasshutupin the prisoi er's pen,.where he was detained until Miller'sState, aad a lease obtained from the State, dated 24th April. ISBO. and gave its lessee a lease while in such legal possession. Itocarriages were conveyed to.Grtenwood forinterment.to keeppresentlesseecannotbedisturbedbutbya»nttofejectmentand/ executionservedbytheSheriff. Ifthetenantsshouldpaythe cityuntiltheSheriffputsitinpoaaenion,theywillundoubtedly have to pay the State Lessee also, as he is, until the action ot thethe conscience of the clergy should no longer be tor-turedbyexactingofthepriestsrevelationswhichareco&txarytotheirconsciences. It mustbe rememberedthat the clergy, or at least the Catholic clergy, con-mdermarrWeasasacrament,andifitDetrue sjxriptoausofhydrophobiaintnevicinityoftheTwoBridges, dexteritytortlievcthemofsomevaluablearticle.A tevm. Afewmonthsteachingfromtheirmoread- casewasdisposedof,whenhewasreleasedwitha Sheriff,theonlylandlord. i LEX.HmRorHOBiA IN CATTLE.—Tlie Pater son Guar- dian. Hsiyt that .up to Saturday, laat 21 cows have exhibited1:who have not yet lost sight of the laws of nieum andWtw*en Little Kails and PatexHOii. Or thexe zrinetaen have car crowded full of mixed people, where it is almost ' reprimand. This office, No. 157 Cedar etreet, is s*idbitten by the same dog that bit the twen'.y-oue referred to; but moat favorable opportunity for crowding, and hustling, up to Satnrday Mr. Van Ne««'a cattle were still apparently wall,Timothy Horan was walking through Vestry street, town which renders them skillful pickpockets. Numerous hires " Frenchy " and others to perpetrate the swin- knocked down, and robbed ot #36 by John Moiutyre. omoexrecruitsjointhethievishcorpssimplyby•association dles. Itwilltakebutoneortwomoreexamplesof PettitoftheFifthWardsawtherow,and,asthethiefwasrun- ning away, he pursued and oaptured him. A portion of tnewith women of that class, while luinurnerable young the Frank Fowler sort (three years at Sing Sing) to stolen money was found in his possession. The piisoner wmbatmomentarilyexpectedtoexhibitsymptomsofthatfataldis- ease. The widow Stuart, also, had three bitten by the same sDimaL The dog wus finally killed by Mr. C. Van Ness, after biting every cow he possessed. The destruction caused by this one dog in the neighborhood is estimated at an amount of $1,500.androbbingtheirselectedvictim.The female pickpockets are more limited in their op-portunities, but many of them evince a degree of skillin their profession worthy of a higher sphere of ac-tion. In the city they are confined to " working, . thestores, shop windows, stages, etc., being incapable.otoperatinginthecrowdsmwhichthemalesrejoice.They generally go in pairs, and, in passing through the from London. It is utterly impossible to form any beingareceiver of stolen goods. John Cawood of same Coroner held an inquest on the body of an nnknewn man,SUICIDFOF A YOUNG MAN FROM NEW-YORK.-Awas founddrownedat ller No 15North River The «•«•**»« junk-shop in Seventh avenue, near Thirt) -fourth was a vender of apples, and when l-wrt seen Was <*j*wJna%2*"Let themdo in this country as it i*now generally on thecoattaeatofAujjopfe;kw.themeonfioet&erightto marry to the municipal officer, only, and many aouse will he avoided and a great reform aecomptitfhedYour., v«r* trui^ FfcOF. L. o'JtfOS.. T H E W A R IN SYRIA.Tort- eator.tf TluN. y..TW*«aw.Sue: The war now raging in Mt. Lebanon is calle that be iMended to bang hinjiwif, but no attention was paid tothemua:x.itb«ingconsideredmerelyjocular. . relievemanyladiesof.theirpurses orsmallarticlesol a war between Drueee and Cbrt4tiaoi. M«n> rsader> Do«<s'iic TRAGEDY IN BURLINGTON CO.—George m m B m * number of ladies looking mto aThe female pickpockets are almost exclusivelyri*h-born,'theexceptionsbeingafewimportations Btreet,wasarrestedyestereaymorning,chargedwith toxicatedAv*rdictofaecident*ld*atnwas»nd'»*r*^„bU1C ..Mr.Anton'sschool,inB^o^AVaxren(named Humes, of New-York, and a papU at tb«fitted ouiing Thursday eveuing, as* he had purchased on the »!' *r!i»oii of that day a leather strap, which he dung into some bashes near tbe.tree, apparently iu order that it might be con-streets, if they spy a store that is wellcrbwded withwbowarfcutiddxowne* »« the foot of Robinson street. i*». oea#tdw»s»bonta5yearsofsg«,5 fee* » inches ia M***, ns* sandy hair, but uo whiskera, and was dressed as a laboringpurchasers, they boldly enter and desire to see somevenient for bis purpose. In order to attach the strap to the tree, goods. One will examine the articles, boing careful to sick of New-York, for whenever there is to be anurchins, who admitted having stolen the pipe, andBtatedthattheyhadsoldittoBridget Herplacewas DISORDERLY PARSONS.—JohnaudCatherine Ls-gnuid. with aix or eight gi-ls, were yesterday arrestedfor k**p- accordingly searched, and baneath the pillows of what fip a dWrderly bout* in Broome stieet Alderman Brady be*A phe had mounted a box which he kicked awuy in swinging off.Bewasabout18yearsofa*e,andnocause£»assignedforhis heldwhateverit-mav'beinsuchapoationastocover assemblageatwhichtheycouldmakesomething,thej rash pro.:A'cings. He remarked to a friend a day or two before the movements of her companion. In this way they police arrest them at first sight. The htat Legislature,history of these people, may need *o oe romiodci that j Cou^v«-r. Jt, is alleged that Aikeu bad perpetrated an oiitr^geth+ tmm Chxittian, h*>re uaod by, v*t <«n"X* frjwn 1 <ip< I. the verium of C'onov»r'« wi*e. and was forbid to come to their laudations of the articles exhibited, p a e w i nMIKIATW**» B» Onwnad DaACMcaadrrras. — » ;• -•i the housr. '>n«veriu tl»*? ^"•antiai*' hadg t a warrant for the' crowd against the lady whom they select to rob while already been made, and theprisoners are now studying her up for trial for receiving stolen gooda. The'dtySyria, is not intended to dtMugnate men j^a'L jeligiou^, . ar-,,0tof Alkiu, and placed it is« rb- h^uds of the (joistxb a. their prbfeerion on the islandfor various terms. Tyheji. bot ainuply mea who have receivw*! Chneu-»u .>*p.!»/», j ^'h*i Alk-r •% .'ard oi it. h«-' rbi-erttened V> k.ll Ccuover if he d^dordinance in regard to junk-dealers requires that theyt.\dwtuen*ent-lHorr'tf HIAWATHA JfclAUt JR^TORATIVK IS the; n't w-Hhotra-v tb« Wttrant. H« wtiK to Clover's lx;Wi^« ou to one of the numerous pockets in her own garments. a new pickpocket is arretted, the first move is; toseoure. shall keep a book in which shall be registered a de-gadwn©manilesla ^reiereacefortheCoxi*imu#4Ui« ''.b.-r^u^,wVu-uih«.JbterallnU>ni((<!i«nvck killinghimiu-rather gam that of Drueee, Jews, or Moslem-?. 'As to »•*•t)y. •'*«<i7VC gave:hiUj*'.'t ».y to the autlioritie*. »ud wus If the female pickpocket be *rhat if-tornwd r'astageThomas M. Tryniski 309 South 4th Street Fulton New York 13069hispicturetoadornthegallery.Thisis anti>perationacnption of each and ov^if aitic epurchased by them, | £*©*« facown. Seeadrertisssusntmanotheroohuiuu,(,Wgcd In Uwr Mount Worty ''J»il 'tl»e «auie evening.Untitled Documentto wear a:large mantilla. Taking her seat at the right these pictures are sent to various cities, and act as they buy it. Not one in a hundred of them keep ewefcliVlth piokppoket^, highway robbers, burglara of arespectable lady'' (ladies' pockets are always on stumbling blocks to them in their travels. Take pro a book, and the police, whose doty it is to enforce aVpresent direful- calamiiiea, therefore, though they oomf thieves, shoulder-hitters, and politicianB, Ne\^-York* the right-hand side—as we have been informed), she fessional pickpocketsas a class-,they are fonndrto be ex- city laws, know this fact. These dealers axe also pro-cle between sunset and 7 o'clock the following morn- -woe-of Aug 3, w would perhaps be unnecessary , muoitvof high rebinoa* refinement were being blotted politicians, there is^no class,of s<»urif^& so;nunierous digits unobserved. Her hand steals softly among the never let slip an opportunity to rob a man, and if they ing. A majority of their places are kept open nhjhtthie ^continent. Excepting the shoulder-hitters and This gives her an opportunity to use her delicate'some of which will be rated, we think, in the reports dealing with children, and encouraging them in theft. striving to get away; and the pickpocket crowding still At an early age they are suffered to run the streets, net a pound. The beat cattle sell to-day generally at in the assertion' that nine-tenths of the juvenileharder, till he succeeds in getting his hands away fromthe Republican.vote was necessary to his electioa, and , the Holy Trinity, excommunicated, at all times, by. his pocket. In an instant a dexterous confederate slily fruit and ancient peanuts, they grow up to be worthy ones at, 9=[c, but this quality ia very scarce. call the attention of General Superintendent Kennedy8^®9c. net per pound; and a few very extra good how much truth there is in h s "assertion to the con- us, in evt.ry passing hour and moment—we mean slips his fingers into the victim's pocket, and they sel- the notice of eome vigilant policeman. There is always In fact such stock as our 'first class retail marketto the fact that there is in existence a city ordinance regulating the business of junk-dealers, and we hope he will confer a lasting benefit upon the community by^r a i __ ' "i j those infernal individuals, Lattoof el Ash-shi and kisIn answer to his lastly: Mr. Duer h«s already Jon- > XOJU. and all his house—respecting whom we suppli- .dom come out again without the coveted wallet.a leader among these urchins, who, being older and stronger, leads them on from mischief to crime, tillbutchers require, is not here in sufficient quantity tofeesed that he contriouted money to the R^pub!i3an { catetheLoid of Boststo cause their footsteps to slide, Meanwhile, the plucked pigeon is so much absorbed inCommittee; why did be do so if e did not ne*>d their togrind their bodies fine as the potte^ grinds his clay, crowding, hustling, and swearing that he has no sus- stealing becomes almost a natural instinct. The pa- tion than the medium and inferior class, for which the seeing that it is rigidly enforced. There are some 250• BUpportt The People's Co<nmit*ee bad raised all the and to scatter their Just as ckajf before the, wind. picion of the transfer that is being made. At all places rents of such children seldom or never punish them, for market is considered about the hardest of the whole funds necessary to carrv.on the election, aud if the ' ' rP1? c h r i 5 t i a n people in E., on whon be the favor these offenses, but rather shield them when complaintsB*pabnc*n support was unnecessary, wny did ne, pay of God, and on whom we bestow, from the bottom of of amusement, or where any sort .of tickets are sold are made against them. There aire other Irish parents seaeen. There are a great many light grass Steers onthem money ?In regard to my name, which Mr. Dner demands, youcan give it or not/as vou please. He can have it from my own lips if he will accept of a littte proposition I have to make, viz: •I f be and h » *conferes succeed in their sale to Doug- las and a united Bell and Douglasticket (which means - all Douglas) shall be run in New-York Siaie, I would like to meet him on the stnmp and speak once in eachprowling wolves, and drove them from among them.. . . And now, we are informed that they are goneinto the district under your jurisdiction. Whereverthey may rest, let our Christian sons rise up, and expel pocket. A professional has witnessed the operation,who have become so brutalized by drink as to force sale, which will not average $40 a head, and a con-siderable .number have sold to-day at less than $30. From present appearances, such stock will sell beforeour heart, the Apostolic blessing, rose upon those that will create a rush, there look out for your pockets.licensed junk-dealers in this city, which is probably not more than a third of the whole number engaged in the business. The Corporation-Attorney, in the ab- sence of an ordinance retraining parties from pursuing this vocation without a license, has prepared an ordi- nance imposing on all such a fine of $50.^THK WIDE-AWAKES.—At a meeting of the Repub- lican Wide-Awakes of the city, held on Monday even-day in advance, that the rates will be low—drovers ing, the following resolutions were unanimouslythose devil's from all their coasts." *Still further. to illustrate the spirit of Mi. Leba^ot Christianity, and especially the zeal of it against the Druses, here is a military dis acch from'a bishop ofand is instantly by your side, crowding and jamming as ferociously as yourself toward the little hole through which the tickets are passed. You pass in your money and demand a ticket—he does the same, striving toboys and girls brought to the police courtSj charged with stealing, whose, excuse was that they would .beingto the rain and slow trade to-day, there will be alarger portion than usual of the stock to be sold to-of the counties of New-York that was carried by the Zai.h-li (just now decitrbyed), sent to his faithful war-lienjocracy a* the last election—s*y to commence any rior? during their last previous war with their Druse get ahead of you—you become anxious, and your handwhipped if they went home without anything.parents are the only Pagins among us, and with say " ruinously low," yet, they still crowd this kind of: 1time after the 20th of September (the appoint meuts to "be made hy him). He can then have an opportnnity of fighting, as he w 11be on the same side with Liverpool Jack (whom he denounced from the verandah of theneighbors:i a W e understand that your have heen helped to vic-toiy oyer the insolent, infidel eueiny of the holy faith,and his get into a strife for the coveted pasteboard,- and meanwhile his other hand is exploring the recesses ofthem New-York abounds., vThe Jews are^particularly famous for the- facilities they afford pickpockets in disposing of stolen property.stock on the market, whether they make or lose.adopted:Resolved. That we have recognized with {ratification the sac- C£ss attending the " Wido-Await*" demonstration of our Coo- necticot bretbien, and possess a spirit -emtuatrm of so good an example.Uetoitfd, That for the purpose of initiating and perfecting •ar- rangements tor a GRAND NATIONAL RKPUBUGA* WIDK-AWAXK RALLY AICD DK*O»«TKATIOIC va. tbis city, to be held at a future day, a delegation of three from each Ward, to form a Wide-You want to buy a ticket, have taken out your wallet to get the necessary money, and returned it to. yourtheir children info the street to obtain the wherewithto purchase whisky. They care not how iv is obtained,but whisky they must have. W e have seen many little to-morrow night at no more than it cost at home. O w-hesitate at nothing whatever. This is a holy war. Go on; fear nothing; and we pray the Father of Lights to give you the victory."TotktEdixorojTheN.Y.*Tribu*€."7 S I R : l a the number of July 24, instant, of your es- sembled a force of thirty horsemen, and sent them to knock his hat off, when up go both hands, and oat goes unwary passengers. They seldom come across the did a brisk business in carrying visitors from Ham- Retolved, That we recommend the Immediate formation of*•%,MARRIAGES BY NOTARIES. PUBLIC."•to put up hi8hahd8." A fight, a .crowd, or some--thing else, may accomplish the former, but the latter-class living in New-Jersey, who make a regular busi- ness of getting on the trains, of the various railroadsbusiness single-handed. But the female pickpocket must have her mate, as welL He is generally selected from the ranks of youthful gamblersit almosttrackofthecitycarsandstages.are hurriedly getting in or out,itrequiresbut littledied, but the other two we not dead: Beside these, six cattle of vanced mates, and a little ill-luck at the gaming-table,Cornelius Van Ness, and a strange cow feeding with them, were impossible to.stir one way or another, affords them a will almost invariably impart to fingers that suppleness to be conducted bytfie notorious Isaiah Selover, who HIGHW A Y ROBBERY.—^)n Monday morning, astheirexclusivebusinessWhile passengersgirls are added to the swarm of abandoned street walkers through the wily arts of male pickpockets..root out this ticket-swindling business.JUNK DEALEits.-r-Bridgtt McManu, who keeps ataken before Justice Kelly, and committed to amwer.sPOUND DROWNXD.—Coroner Gamble yiM*er^*Theld an inquest on the body of Thomas Fox a^ed ^ . ^ V * ^ ?considered itworthpThesemorrow, and our country readers may be assured athe feasibility of workingmen uniting in the purchase all rogues). They extend all over the country, are all New-EDgland Protective Union.Resolved, That we recommend the •aid GeneralCommittee to Thissame.Srihh-livillage, somefew yearssince,as- ismoredifficult. Someonewill,takeholdof him, or runningintoJerseyCity,andpickingthepocketsofall tially cleared away,the steamboat J. L. Lockwood meeton«nextMondaynight.utimablejournal,itisBaidthatMarriagesbyNotaries Hosbaiaforthesolepurposeofdragooningthelittlehiswalletorhiswatch.Instealingwatches,the|river,butfrequentlyextendtheirpleasantexcursionsmondstreetPieronboardthegreatship.Andbefore "Puhfic are illegal and void, and that it now appears Protestant community of that place into a return to their guard' chain forms quite an obstacle, provided it be se- to the Western cities. They are very successful, al- night the number nearly equaled that of the day pre-Wide-Awake Clubs in each Wsxd-Duenoticeoftheplaceofmeetingwillbegivenby" that large numbers of nappy or unhappy couples old church. These made use of bribes, threats, re- though not so expert as some others/ The full-blood 5roaches, aud even violence, to accomplish their object, .cnrely fastened. The most frequent way ofo rercomingthe Committee—Messrs. Dutcher, Granet, A. C. Hills, vious, being between fifteen hundred and two thou- Irwin Hotaling, and Yancy." have been united in that way. This appears to be he Protestants were thrown into indescribable confu- this difficulty is to perform the operation called English pickpocket used to stand as " champion of the sand, with but a very few ladies. As it is doubtful " principally among the Germans and French, -who sion and dn-trc88,- which lasted till an order procured "ringing it." That is, the; watch is cautiously lifted world" in his profession,, but lately felonious Heenans whether this naval wonder will again visit the UnitedFUNERAL or GUSTAVUS A. BATZ.—Company A, of the National Guard, under command of Capt. Bensel, the members of Continental Lodge P . A. &L, and a" to the functions oi our Notaries." Ltvarit Herald, in one of hie letters, attributea the attached is twisted from the watch, and left dangling Where the Yankee " stoops to folly" of that kind he is act upon the principle of doing nothing to-day that can large circle of friends, united yesterday afternoon in Permit me, Sir, to mention as briefly as possible the i present war mainly to one of the Maronitc bishops ; from the victim's vest, while the watch has been passed consiaered as even more dexterous than'either of the paying the last tribute of respect to the remains oferrors in that article, and the consequences to be \ and it has been suggested by those on the ground, that others. A glance at the countenances of the pick- be postponed till to-morrow, who will be representeddrawn from it, as it regards the Freucn, errors arising had the Maronites been victorious instead of the from one hind to another till it may be several blocksfrom the confusion mace between marriage contracts Drnsee, the same atrocities would have been committed away before it is missed. In buying watches it may pockets on exhibition in the Eogues' Gallery will satisfy and Marriage properly speaking. The marriage coatrac • upon their enemies, and that the religious prospect of be a good thing to know that when the guard ring is the cuxious both in regard toy their nationality and in France, and according to the terms of the Frenchlaw, is a civil act, arranged between the parties con-templating matrimony, and before marriage to state theposition of the panied, and the value of tne property ofeach in order to protect the wife's portion, aud to pre- To theEditor of TheN. Y. Tribitne.vent rs being absorbed by the unlucky speculations ordn-nipations of the husband; also in order to preventen this occasion. The Great Eastern takes no freight Guatavus A. Blitz, who lost his life by drowning, onthe country would have been even worse than.it is atshrewdness.on her return voyagei She leaves to-morrow for •England, without faiLSunday last, at the Highlands. At 2 o'clock, p. on, the funeral rites, according to the rites of the Protestant Episcopal Church, were read by the Rev. Dr. Ogilby, Chaplain of the Regiment, at the late residence of thepxetenuCD..-'riveted to the watch, instead of being simply sprang together, a pickpocket stand? little chance of getting it away, unlets he cuts the guard.There are certain saloons in the city, pretending to • FOTJRTH-AVEN'UK MAIN BETWEEN THE UPPER ANDvarionB degrees of respectability, where pickpocket LOWER BESERVOIR.—The Croton Board have a notice deceased, the Philadelphia House, in the Bo\qjery, insatisfy the demand, hence such are higher in propor-CdCttle Market,'••*, ..*.'.THE CENSUS.—No'Ward of the city has as yet sent repting place in Greenwood. The procession wasstance, if a countryman who appears to possess a Wm. H. Sparks of the Sixteenth; and F . Grooderson of troller and Mr. Franklin, the Collector of the City Reroaae, hadplethoric purse, accidentally strays into' one of these Fifteenth, sent in their resignations which were ac- an interview relative to arranging the grade of charje*for th*better read the 41st section of the Charter, and he will there todthat he has no power to revise or fix the rents of market stand* about till hib punse becomes " one of the things that Monday. John Mead^f the Tnird was promoted to in any marketof the city, as he is there required "toletalldens, the keeper gives the word to some expert. Thestranger thenceforth becomes the object of the profes- mention of Officer.McKnight of the Nineteenth W ard spectfuUy suggest to the City Controller, Mr. Haws, that h* hadTICKET SWINDLERS.—A day or two since, a Ger-been infatuated with the gay exterior of the individual man named Christian Sctmmaker came hither from the Haws complied with the section of the Chsxt*r above referredyesterday afternoon from his late residence No. 50 them being of agreeable uaunero aud cheerful con- Other women who become connected with,pickp ickets BaBch, alias " Frenchy." On learning of the swindle midonsof the Citytodisturb and black mail themastheydidEesex street, Jersey city, and was attended by a ven-ation, it is no', difficult for them to form thelarge number of people including many physicians. acquaintance, of a stranger, and engage his attention, .are found among brazen courtesans and/keepers of that bad been practiced upon him, Christian made a last year." Under Judge Roosevelt's order, the'State Lessee Secomplaint against Miller and Basch, and the former in possessionof tlie property, under a judgment obtainedin • was arrested, but the latter had fled to Jersey—the suit of ejectment, aud executed by the Sheriff ia favor of thehouses of ill-fame. Instances are exceedingly; rare, alliance, as they generally think 'they can do a better refuge of fugitive ticket swindlers. Millar was taken The State was in legal possession at the time of making this lease,estimate of the number of tcese professionals, as theyare constantly coming and going. They say they are pipe, caused the arrest of three or foar prowung The usual ve.diot was rendexed.unwittinglyno.doubt,rendered theprospectsof pick- pocketsfetillmoredubious!bymakingeventhe attempt tostealanoffenseforwhich^theycanbesenttotne Penitentiary. Several arrests for attempts >haveehe termedher bed,was found the stolen property. ShewastaktnbeforeAldermanBradyatJefferson Market,whofinedher$50forviolatingthecityordi- nance, in not. keeping a book of registry, and lookedthem/o»examination. f• '"No 1,286 Broadway, having missed a quantity of leaduse of Btauds" in We»t Washington Market. I would most re-,V www.fultonhistory.com'"• •---'•••• '> .,£*•• 