 b r a gif, whenta)of free Staaat prltanoIn that great day he wouldi those who tad tans i of eaataved asgrees.erUtiagly, with rttataad*ttaafixttaaonm e n excited tta risible racul- twallaattsasofseveralwhite>._1of thaigoeihwtath au s e d uimeed t t a qneattoa,*-Wao tareaowho fishes.were looking The partya'ter thatthe ascendedvsaaxsta.A u x a a o a u , Nor. 11.1800.taa Boyal party and their Ataomi ha.Ocetoa sow ready for aate of the frtoce and eadre itaite. Can ataa, from the largest plates madeto theeeartasda That forataumaIradesuppliedataliberaldiscount J.OCBBMYASON,PhotographicArties,707 Freedom Voted up.maul Slaveryearned eye.H a raaamtaed t t a wmth af men, aad ranaidPOLITICS H THE FULPIT.U U MprjKtataeor sBBtrUittaos that giaaml i n - a free and geuerotii f leeatsw neediet were wrung. ttat a*t:aee men wao Lai VI certy—*<tU*s*»whorataIoflibertyMary lata,Delaware,Virginia,fountsridden over t h e There was aa e arttt the <bwperany,"Rat others"Saver si porttoaa < tiesofthesablehei pervooB prcfloat.iortag tiem-ty—M they had taws tan to ttaSoeth,of parents that held slaves, theaaeetvaa familiar wtoh it from tUar cradle, aad tad come ep to theyear*oftweai j earn, how assay of then m a t t hat* taaa stare .tioUir 11.» toyf IT be had taaa oao of that class, be aid not t! ex t mproeaoir that ha should have taaa a very vaioroua aiavthet er; tta probability vat that tie t...'i« at I M . * « o imntssno*. When h e lookedat tta - i n w OT ataa Ihrowgtaet tta fioaih aadaf timea a deaaeattoa qaita bsyaad their amtoIketootttatSadwasandthatwaatheMattime theshacklewealdtapalen In all tola aggression s a d wrong ta behalf of a system of tbe most unmitigated iniquity, there tad bean a constant outcry on the part of slavery thatand wronged. Having atatoa toa _perjured every line a a d laalisuiBBlmemory, hnvug grossly travsatied the whole testimony of o a r fathers— having toraad toa stem toward t h e stern, and p a t toe ship s a d for end—having, with atop after step, taken advantage of temporary authority for lau nuipiBM nf Biigmaallag, deepening and fortifying t h e instttatim of shivery, ttay •toed cry lag,and dectarwg that they were victims of aHe thanked God that the loag period ofid wrong tad come to aa aad. He thought tae tost westward stop waa taken; ttay would never get nearer to sundown ttaa ttay (the South) were now tta tort task of territory to b e aarrafawi tad been filched; t h e robber circle w a s completedandtberoaber careerwasended YouandI, said he, are born andffare permitted to stand spectators of such a.day sad of aash a glorious result as that He saked them to easel tar some of tta events which tadPrince and Marion streets, there were two sermons preached yesterday, oae ta Ike aftoraoon and one ta the evening. On the former occasion, the colored preacher (Rev. H H. Garnet) took hie text from the Acts of toe Apostles,chap, x x . , 28: "Take heed therefore unto yourselves sad to all the nock over which the Holy Gnost tare made you overseen, to feed tbe ehareh ofGod wtilch to haspurcheasd with his own blood." Hethee, after a few remarks per linen t t o t h e text, said ttat rulers of the present day were not able to govern thnmaslvas— how ttoa ware ttay capable of governing others? He al- luded to tta change In t h e administration. Mating b o w happy and biwaed were ttay who ware a o a called to work ia tta moral vineyard, If they would only show by their own Uvea that ttay were fit to be rulers aad over- seen of others. Nomatter bowhumble ttaman might he, no matter what his color, although the proudShipments—14,600 bustieU wheat, 43,000 fi 1 tetos quiet. Sight exchange on New York—Bask rates Bawsatjeu to 1 a 13* per osat premiumaiaVf?"M od Basest h i mto levparaaamt libertyy«*ra It waa tta nature of oppnaat^a to lata eu- premacy. Slavery meat either masaU our metnatMns, masktheDeclarationofIndependenceaadtoeBailof Kitota,aadpat toeeeaatitution intotbebaudsofpolities!or elte die. K that spirit wtata burned In aad Northern hearts alike la the beginning, thwooaJWaracywasframed.BedconnnueJuntiltoz^— IVaBBwaBxeshax^areata tneeu were directly opposite.' Ha held ttat ttayaxenneifii ttat Mr Besetar would c o t ta content hie earns af tta republican victory ia of w a • sestet few,'1 t t a majority of vtaand^tnwSBttfiuextsrsshsavnanAen- a1AA r»iww»waaanextomn^AMweek.beencalledtowalkinthell^htofCnristianliberty Tney meat have courage, too to meet all the consequences of victory. Heme ttought they would not, but h e wsought that tta m*n who tad courage to bear defeatsta1MB, l&ettatolBea ought to have courage enough to have m lory ta 1840 The reapoeslbillty of administering a go vemmeet right waa ant half so great as the wrong ad-theirelectioneering tour. Theanonemof is generally concededItorepoMlaaaai of Had.Tmasran> marsmg ttabnUdlagwaa iuasdj packedby'• A T WM •VXaDBLL'8 A stafattens efthesaaaras tamUd ttat man m aeary ageHead toa mana by sigat; they loaned apoo theOtter articles quiet Canal freights Steady: 2 5 : on wheat, and 33c on earn, to New York. Imparts 8,000•equalforfytag and ttwastwteg the eewadawtes and aaat fiakt at anA> and fall, ttay ware also misted when i a f n a man influence, ^, ^wamr7«n*f T^W mtntalar, tta President, ttaOswaxw. Nov. Mi, 1880ttayia fcol, ta toft aat that whim ajef* filiarr to s m a n enUtkm and dlreetun toItfa aad tta more af man aa eeriTed from certain great aad ooa-but theman who madeso otherfor isattoe, hat legitimate from Ito aatare of slavery. She could nothelp herself, for the dragon lay coiled ta " e fairest things saaat ne given to its maw.' It weebut a stop to the etadtiaa af the the dsBnuohonaa of Kaaaas,ani it Dred Scott deciaioe, theas, aad other buttsal-ready forged, were ready to to lannoherl against libersales 6,000 basbels Bay Quints at 0 0 : Bye steady, butIf pdopie wanted a reroio It, and if ttay were no* going to havett assrongkly tot ttasa a a t have It. Thoroaghnena ta r e If ttay ware going to ante lata Qad'eaaaavyad reweiattae, but it was nottoarakre right for them to set on toot revolutions care Mary and matoertataataly. yet when ttay teamnaaar uod's ptevtaane^ H e permitted and guidedall toe rage a a d wwiertaaas. aU toe turmoil a f humanOxrcnrxAXi,Nov. 10,1800.doe^oraed, we'TSerlmai) turned round to the old World. Wegat tight enough to took tack t>thepast, hut notonerayladamtothrow apaatoepreean,aadtta future Tta • in i t wesew tktonaa httie atotortadaad mm tgitated we rorgal ttat there was say aash thing as add. WeraatoWadstreet toate howtheaaaiea were earned betfarcat fled: wa leaned at tta menthat hell apanrraof mflaeneeM* power of one kind or aawker. tai terrot that there waa a Sod that Inughed at ttafor a nettobethe embiema btmded by tta moat ta- rwaatag op aad doea tae air at umesgiven,andthetiremenwere earlyatwork; batfromthe inflammnble character of thepremises thedames spread withastonishingraptdr.y,and Inafewminutesthesla blea ware enveloped to one sheet ef fire. Assistant Engl neer Brice, fladlag it was no use to cope with the mainfeead any anwaawi that would praveat waaeewdagoauntil I ssastawnaaa taktag J< Remedyfor aawswa I teensaasshsago,sadhawsnothada1gHltpetreispresentrelief,butnocure.Wahoomb'sRamady aat done for m e ail that k to raetwamesded to do.BAEAB Sxrxv. Kmrrtowr, Tates county B. T., May 16, laauDr. Von Mawtaateker fullandtStAtosSstWr.M; aa gocd aa aver, aad IBABX orBsw lean, Oataber18,imefer "btowUd.atatnen* wonld ta a grant calm He did no know that ta o w * * to s a y hard things about politicians tat ttay were like eartoaa tosaato ttat wave maimed a •tot all t t a taaa ta roeeeet to quiet and tranqaUUt; he-toespeekeriwonmaotktaBtolfcueni ttaywereawBKOWT» —onHc.vrxR, wUe of A. Spain Brown, aad daughter of Robert Bayard.The friends aad relatives are invited to attend her fu neral, from the Church of tta Transfiguration, last Twenty -ninth street, near Fifth avenue, without further notice, on Tuesday morning, at nine o'clock.ittaaraaute infelicities e a aceaaat o fa f h i sh a t christianVU the way, of life: aadI IBtag Ike air as with with wards af tope tad - f^rW !*ie*J, werda of law and warning that tad ta •sendstrifefeed sad the bat'dings, malting a total teas of about 810,000. No insurance on any part of the propertyA three Story tenement house, on the reai-W *.o. 31*17 Howard Street, MABT BBADT. aged 80 years, a native 0'count Cavan, IrelandThe fi csus of the family are respectfully invited to atI, of BMtory, sad of •iiaattantoMensSaxFnaaasoo,OctS3,1800.The election BOWS has paralysed both wings of the de- HGUfSB', 8to Broadway-twenty four pictures. 81.«r dw•of aliiIkeTheywill •»*wlhntther^^ 2.T! from it m tae shape of ~ ^ £ £ L ? L ' £ 1 B*«••• a^taasBsam VM stsssgwssyM Ctantaken In asaasssa waa made ay reyai deaire. at nm nerw«Houtr Boston. October 18 1M0, BM Bofal Hirtw. act aeas, PaxaaPBaiax, naatreoef mradaaki, (tosaaw aanvof thai :of thaito so reanwae aatare ef a <£jtt£fcIitoiGreat ta hypocrites whr tttoaaa. t,rI'tie aoeghtaelgkboriagthey would always find itapottaa ranta aatareWasting evds la tta body po with tatorataage o f or refused,hartna tee 10 an white in New Teste ttBBWtawteesed atoawgh a« Hon.B.Arehibakt, H B M.Ceeaal MewYork, auwill to t k for JtoBBWBaatajtttaMeawa Oarney A tae, ifaa. Taa aade ' majoritytoGeorgia.Twentyeightcountiesareyettopairedthither,sadtheresultsoftheirvtehare««*ot>*the rierurasnowatdw J*ile«,aekaoetosgedby«k«Prinot,aa wellaathebundredsofvhatosswho taeetawa tone, to to ita beat wewaw of Mas esaaat, Ateo e n view, all the tseaatam afto repair hem in, e n dMtUJSDaBTTLLX,NOV 11,I860.II ts barelypotmhle ttat Breckiaridge assy ootoiaa they would go to Boatoa. The undersigned immaaiuely re-ty, Ireland, aged 00 years HtoframfisendrolatrveeawefwjpectruMi tavtted toat-tead toe fasweal, from M a tote reaideaae, fit Brceane Barest,tote(ttiaiUr)aftaraeea,at twoo^teeaRan —I^Brooklyn,ea•atortay, November10.MBSL LTDIA RiLaT, rettat e f t t a tata Joseph "yeata.Thefrtoadaef tta famiry aadof her 1 and Owntcn W. RUev, see invited to frcmhertatoresidsnei,Mo Ito( MyrtleaidDeKalbaveaaee,enTnsadny twooclock,withoutfurtherno.ioeSTAB - I a this city, an Suaday, November 11, Aaat BIAS, wife af Lawrence Ryanty just as Boon aa success bad given them ever ail tae eartk, aao'Jier tease of four jeers taflaaaoe aad auIke Drttoe m m d waa aettog tolaaatially of menthroughoutalltheprovidenceso= ' ail toa period§ of time, taeIof m en were literally aa.t truly to Hal sen 1s, and~m will. Had used to dashed hath shackle, tack, key aad taad to tta ground,R e v . M r . G a r n e t s(Colored) Cmaucm.at Mtallom bushels at 84c a fific. for Northwestern club, at 83c a 83KeforNo3.atV#sc a80c.forNo Stnstore. Cornt, aad what time- rahaaa ttawnveta HedldiDtoal. evening,TpLNOTTCI080D EMTJEVATORE.He firstBe did set allude bet Ito radical ahoLurvned to attend t t a faaaral, tta* fMasstorl sateenita iTiitsia tram tta laatnawZTB/T^Zi^Tif ^T _••'•>"watw rsaansnoBorsawperuana.aVI, M<opprtestea made mace the <ueeg»esandtomate, ttay to•an, but thank Gad, Bald the i alittletiaaad benlta kicked Meatan our Waatata border, ant from He bestowed the daywould came wtan to eaaJd Iran d through Virgini t ta safety, aadMCBVB.VXU.. VTLVnU., n BM land, agedaf wrong af fiat tt raa ito taad to ta aa enemy to it. a n a uadentaoie teat slavery sntatnattoD} oontndled this government for fiftymen, aad power would to ta danger of sacrilctng principle, because tneywould ta aaxiows to have moderate m e n in their a d ministrattoo.whichwaaproper,sothattheytoldthe eeaenUai principle orllbert« intact Hedidnitoare bow prudent they were, butit would to hie business and thatoftenthwawataethervigilantwatchers,forthehearfrom.with ahtvevy;a a ditcorruption, ttat ttayattractedvenal loavesd from the same central sou roe. The maaajle alreadyenthewristof liberty,thelookwaapaton,tta key was fitted, toe baa-lwu stretched forth to turnBSwwrwAt Sblloc (colored i Presbyterian ehareh, corner o Receipts—3 J00 bbls. flour, 88,000 buebete wheat, 42 000 teethiag. w e ear do act k-t your own prt-judteea. or tae prejuthe key, when God laaactod the omnipotent bolt aaddJorTrfotheTts amad Hi the way of the reuef that wlU he s u r e - yes absolutely fure—to follow the use of Mm. Wl*8LOW8 EOOTHiau biBCP.Cramp, Croup - T h U twfal Complaint Floer dull st 84 f t a 84 80 Whiskey firm at 1« ^c. is iamtadatetiy earae by Or. TOBIAS Venetian frntaiealBogs dul!: holders saw willing Belters: sates 2.600 at 80 76 No tasaUy who value the lives of their children abouUi be with a 80 80. Mess pork, 817 76 Money market easy Sight out a bottle in dm house Hold by all the druggies aad more-bodyafa» to ta arrojant toward nowtoanimate aad to administer thegovernment,did thisg rather taaa for the term of the taiag, thatTbefriendsand1stallteaaretarttedtoattend tta down. FriendsofA.IAaeotagettheir photographertakenat funeral this (Mender) aftarBita,at two o'clock,the., (km Bisters; believe that there weald have been at to discuss his text* this time one single slave State in our borders? Utkiton-Ito spirit of liberty ahall not die for the sakeof maiatotntag vtctory ta a party. His beat-Bess would ta to tat the light barn brightertorn ever before. Tbe new artmtntatralion bad Mesars. Gwln aad W/eller bare been coldly received ontar late resistance. M l West s t m t Wirnms— Oa Saturday, November 10.- U U l U m - beloved wife of James Winters, aged 81 years, 6 1no fanbaraliaatom to ttaaJl Itwaare to judge bytae aa addressed his heerera, ta af t t a victory with taeasatacpreaaton waa to exist, it moat stop the admistatraUoa ofthtagovernment acoerdtagto ttaprinciplesm which It ww formed. It made a life struggle, anditdidit. •every was ess-uUilly a beset of prey, aad it had preyeda Bo. when therising spirit of Christian liberty to make Ma prismei fett, tt was t t a necessity ofsisvery to 1st sail to Congress, sad taewegk all toe chta sea where traffic gnve them lanesses, that tt ak mid be stopped, aweary ewuta net tire If free speech wis atPUxy-ona.AHirTUCmT SALT AITBk BOUXBOW WHISKBT DIBLimgEstatelytanVBBah awtar~"and 13days.Taa frtaude of the Candy and tooas ef kerfOasaidy,are respectfully tavtted to satoad Ifron tor late iwMdenee, comer of NinthEighteenth street, tote (Moaday) alwwaosa, at baUmna oe* o'clockWABOG —At Pouchkaepsie, oa stttoraay. Bovwatoar M , of disease of the heart. Jane a Waaxwc, of TIITIISBJ. Ohio, tn toe ttat year of hta age.WSALBB—OnSunday,November11,BkBraxwWaning?. Sged04 ^ TtofrteBdaof tbe family are respectfully tartted to at-tendbmfanerai,fsomhtotatoresidence.02Pacifiet near Smith, Brooklyn, on Tuesday afternoon, at D'steak.BX^BCBIlU^AJfxfiOlB,ATJA8BMBTvxaaVwIAVe,888BBOADWA1, Oaraata tastt!aOr rnateJonly ailterra af tta cknrea, batthat be tawed. It was essentially aa institution of dvmhawa: ministration of tta affairs of the nation. Helooked toNew Osxaasm, Nov 10,1800 sales today 11,000 bales at lis.a 11J^c>aMa warM" to taa••treat oeagre iafttaweak,fromttapoiptt ofPlymouthehurm aattadabtau after ttaaiaottaa. Acxwaiagty oar reporter waa in attendance yaatarday for;of tta great aattanct political aaaasat, in isuch a seesnment part. It ia atarofniatoryttattorttatostthirteenyanra Henry VardBeaotar taa taaa mare ttaa anyattarpulpit,ixhi aaU-atoTsry asatl aaat af toe l, aaawd t t a practice of daxiog t t a Brandostae coarse of human i of t«e by natural law, withoutIt could notbear th> light, aad would act bear freedie aaastoa. AcertainkindoffreeatanoaetonwetalUwed taGeorgia, tiehams, Mississippi, LouisianaaadArkan- sae. aad stao e a toe harder late of Mhawawi asm Kansas namely,everymanton!baHisesdtaslaverybadtheright to talk freely, sad nobody asm. When John Quiaayam where thethreats that had been made came from, and ta hatactbeenabletoseenaybetthreatsnodeta Wallstreet,andtawouldtakenolimimsofwarningfrom such a source. The people meat have a spirit of firm ness,andthePresidentand otherofficers moststandIn coursgione fidelity to tbe doctrines of the constitutionCotton active•a fkeepers. Detot 56 Cortiandt street. Mew Tori.Few Asthma. Brostcttltl. and Khewma- ttsm—Try BOLLOWAT'8 Puisand Ointment, sad be assured si a prompt and radical cure. Daring half a century'1 prac- tice thew remedies have been used with a marked and onfallCarre fotdkort Bural Mew Torker:—Oostag an inquiry ta toe BnralI•I1 IImof lataof jus ——MIoftwoleather "didiH a shea began with the editors, a "•*, taW~BWYOBK HffltALD,MOtfDAT,NOVEMBER1 2 ,1860.>M tt S»gava toW,41,«,•» »,ft».41,17*ltlf » \ , Ta,4,?$.b ippened on the other side during toe conltat, aad ta doin* t o paid a flowing eatagtam to William Ltoyd G e msen The first men that agitated against slavery warethe truest martyrs ttat this age had seen. Maay of worked ta favor of tta negro elective franchise, and saidJeaaa Whttecmh'a xtesaedy for Asthma to prepared oeiy b y body of the tire, directed bis force to the preven- JOnBPHBOMaTMtTAC3.,37Oaatralstreet,swaton,andfortion of tta extending to the adjoining dwellings, tale by drngsteta senendly. and succeeded in keeping it pretty much withinthe limits ot tta stables. At the ttmi thefire broke out there were one hundred and twenty-oneDr. VonMoscamKsx—Dear8U—Iam aIrrtag1 your skill ta the operation of the Ear leasee 10 ] aad myhesrtog torespect,rrsalisstl of A1XD18MABB8them were dead, or rather they had burst from i t o boundaries o f this circumscribed life. He bora witness to the fidelity of Mr. Garrison. He waa one af t t a noblest, wweat and moat efficient in- struments that tied had employed, attboagh h e h a dtta scourge of the ministry aad of the enures H omack to ( t t a apeaker) dlflered from Gtrrtaon, it could not be denied that there had not risen up a mote stalwtrt maninany nationorin sayage ttaa be. Byand by, whenjouaadI,said Mr.a,have gonedown bythat hcriooa aad took back, there wtlltanme of aa that willthat those wbohad worked ao aaslduously for it were de serving of all bonor. After further remarks, to said tbe office honored Itoman. not the man the office; and when ttay considered the trials and vexations of the office, they should ta chari sable. If they ruled contrary to h is hearers' judgments, thty were to impale it not to the wrong cause; if, however, they rnlei la opposition to to J will cf God, fear notbatthat He would call them to ac count. Ha ttoa recommended the congregation to pray for those In authority, and trust to Dtriae Providence for the resultin the evening the services opened by the singing of Cowper's hymn—"SodMoves in aMlttertoasWay, a*ter which a prayer r,ii uueTtd, m whicn divine interposition was oeeefjhtd frr U» "emancipation of all from the curse "**"""ery " and returning thanks for tta privileges reeeat ly conferred on then Tad Hymn colUteocttf With theO PBT D A . TOW BtOBCBZWCBB,-BMW8,LETT BBS,PBEttDEHTlALELaVTTICdl, fie.astaraaWilliamLloydGarrttea;notonac-HAVABAAMD PANAMA MATLB. ruu.ory ,bnt(oraUr^'gwj secatararfftTSd against t h e agitation.dtapesi- opposi- ttea to atavery. T ta tagisatags or the aatiamvery full of tumult, rage sad violence,B u t what waa t b e resultTBE SP ANISHBRaT ADVEET1B1BQ MBTHDM LANGUAGE?*of all theopposition- Just toe same result that followed words, "Blow ye thetrumpet, blow," and ending withThinv-flrst stoeet, was damaged to the amount or about toad the funeral, from the above residence, on Tuesdayby death brought life. Y ou, said Ito speaker, are wit- Acta of the Apostles waa read ta which the exnttemeat8160. The builoing ta owned by W a Garland; said to beThe house No. 384 Tenth avenue, owned by John Twigg, was slightly damaged b y water; 0 0 insurance.afternoon, at two o clock.BOBSXTT On Saturday evening, November 10. BKXLT,wile of tames Bennett aad daughter of t t a late John Bar- bene, in toe 80th year of her age.SPANTBH JOB PEIsTTiBO DOME IN THEBEST MAMNsTB.OPT1CE, U ABB BCAN MB PAID FORIB WEBE ,T OM MOMTHLT nrBTAllneraes of what tea been done. If twenty years a g o h e need up aad preached ttat sermon, whtt would they tainkofit They ought to wince and smile to think of tt. Tbe speaker t t a a called their attention to t t a lemons to ta derived tram torn great charge. A moral principle could n o t ta destroyed if there were men willing to stand andbejomemartyrsfor it. Qstatlme of tartfla aad beaks might go aaa way er the otter, bat a qaanUaa touched human nature a t tbe root, a question of universal justice wad of absolute Mask aad parity, it made BO differ- ence b o w unpopular tt was. A man who would put himself upon the ground of a great moral priaclple if toe waata world stood against him was mightier ttaa tta whole ofthem, for too orb of time became hiaaktom aad every brought him aearer to toe right taad afThey ought to learn from tta aatt savory struggle thei of the importance and value of free speech. Whenfound tneycaused b y Paul's preaching against Diana was s e t forth.. MODBBATE ftaglecoptoacf the paper for tale tt the _ „badaspecialcalling,aadthat wasnettospeak abouts.avery Bat what was tta result? Free speech had Jul mistake, first, it was not defended because it wasmembers of the Philade phia Common Council visited this City last week for the purpose of inspecting the street cteaaiag machines now in use on Broadway They ware ci> almost the whole of last Friday Bight to see now the machines operated when used on the streets, sad ax pressed thenaslrea as being thoroughly convinced that Uie machines can do aii tnat the Inventor has promised Ittoprobableanumberofthemwillsoonbeinwein Philadelphia.?ri'DB> DXATH —In Wettport, Connecticut, on Fridaytest, died a mac who. prior to his death, gtra hie nameto E. Williams aa J. Cooper. H e wen apparently aboutstreet, this (Monday) afternoon at half-peat three o'clock CBxaaaawawa —On dataraay moruing, November 1 0 , MAKt-ABxttiinaunioiGH. wife of Androniooa Bawaawaataya,in the 73d year of her ageThe relatives and friends o f t h e family a r e respectfullyInvited to attend toe tuneral, this (ttoaday) afternoon, a t three o'clock, from tar tato residence, Mo. 189 last Seventeenth attest.Caiaaaan—Suddenly,00Sunday morning,November 11, Mrs. MABT CAUAHAB, a aaarra of Ktiienaa, coanty oiCork, Ireiano, in the 84th year o f her ageThe friends of ;be family and those of tar eon ia taw,Michael Coleman, also thoee of her grandsons, David and Michael Ootesnan, J r , a r e respectfully Invited to attend the ruaeral, from toe residence of her ton in law, No. too—lEfl CABnrBT PMMMIajPOsTTAMT TOTOOA S Tta proprietor ef a ~ about m be leuodwsed Id. and countries rf tta world waatt awa at have anOf the touthar attystpreaaauawBhavtewtoit was God's safety valve fcr a free to attar leads Iffreeapseoh waa suppressed, u work ed out explosions and war; b u t when you gave a man to speak, yea teak away toe power afrevolution. He did not think there weald be*arevolutiontaCarolina,because ttay totted toothirty-fivetofortyyearsofage,hadblackhair,dark Lewisstreet,that(Monday)afternoon,attwooteem to consider t t a sftoestlBg power of this great wetuponIkecmttacat. Therewaamore arguinghers); high cheek banes and targe eyes, shout five feet ninetaeheahigh. HeleftatMr.E William* shoe store, in Weetpert, the evening before, a bundle oontatnieg oae sbli t, oae undershirt and three collar3 aad oae bteafceteth cap: also a b o x containing jewellers' tools o f various t mas. An inquest oneheld, end the jury 1sedered tta verdictthatttaassdCoopercametoatedeathiron causes to them unknown.wentOouma—At Tarrytown, on Thursday, Nlovyeimbsewr•,Wiutxaa t u n , toa of Wm B sad Sarah A. CoOias, and greadaon of Altea Newman, aged 8 years, • monthsCoacnon-OnSatorday,Nov.M,SAXAHsged 17 years, U months aad lljay*- - . ^ tummHer frmadaare reaptctfally ^vitad •orttandthefuae^ ral, this (Monday) afternoon, at one Ceteek, from No.361 West Thirty second street.free diwwaahwi to-day. aad nig the common people of tta North, and of toeprta-ctpelaMBOf tosBtialkmatoasts,of the greatprinctpies ofhumanrights ttaa therewaawhentoefirstdrumM. OawGDOB,Revolutionary war. oat cambricGodafpal toe people 11White haadserohielshe weataa tossy ttat Demetrius waa amil aire, a man ta a large way of busines-s- in theae ocnityy,_,wawhia^Bitar ofwortaawn.^ e hadaorm»ftoa,exceptintadtorowawhich ought to ta a light far tta toe salsof theshrines for the devoteesNew Jersey prpers P * * ? ^ of dipthena, SAncai.of defeats. Be could not te 1 how of the aatiaiavery cause.up the cry feared toe tars ofby 3,687, aad teas than tta satire Fremont vote of 1867tal*« • bedid Bot"do*thelr duty to themYou have desertI lOtata tofftomvlKji•***•'*00.,raa times aa treat aa It waaby tta men who voted aad fought against toa11, Mrs.party were very anxious to hi veil k^wn that they sym sadwaaad with skat party, aad tta* spirit did not atop •ana af Maaaa * fitean* ttaa. Ha tattmd tta whole Northwtrk. . old Msninil. ttat ratoad the taad of ojpret •iJii to beat doi a t t a young aad mtag State of Kaoaaa, would be tew MJataart, with t t a devil aattfriendsa a daf thai gosrsmeni would ta the exponent of tae spirit of justice, equity aad liberty, who could measure her fu tore gtary. H e was gtal when a ireat moral oaaas waa strong eaoegb to take on toe form of law aad the autho rlty o f a pt tittotl organization H o ballad t h e day upon whichtheyhadentered,battheyaltknewthatpadtnel organizations ware subject to peculiar temptations ofTate Preeidemttavl fillPnWLAir—On Sunday, Meet saber 11, after a abort ttladams, the venerable Glddings aad ether men tagaa to aaa of the Declaration of Udependeace. *-There most be middling; Bates of toa week, 13,000 hates; receipts do.,sptelciarnagime,toeinevitableresultsteakplaca.The wholepowerofSouthern feeling roseapaad itomsmleil not onry that those men should ta gagged, hat ttay commanded silence upon toa wholetouth tasked upoa free speech and there were a c t a tow Northernnte that ttay were bora white by mistake, who "ar ta daaaaat decared there should ta taws for the punishsent o; 1rerolatija When tta prelimi free speech a tta North He did act blame slavery for thta ataa partormei, Mr Baecaer tbw, for muz ties must always g o where shackles were. i text Cram tta flat ©napter of iaataa, 7-16 The speaker ttoa alluded to the Texas war, which from the radtatl aatare of slavery. Oaae put aupon slavery aad ttoa her extinction w a s simply a •PtBBg Iaaestiono timeaadnotoffact,torthenatureof slavery boanaiwaa such that it could only live as the aomalic Arablived, b y changing her pasture ground. Refuse to play wa t t a great Wastera territories, aad her doom aded; to stand still waa to die ta tar case.greatconciliationinthedispositimoftheNorta,butno 32COObetes,against37,000balesthesametime test compromiseofprintiple Therewasvery muchground year;decrease,43000 ta'es; export,11,©0©bates;meekfor Christian patient-- aad forbearance in the treatment tn port, 181 600 4 Sight exchange en New York * a \iptaxion"PaMr. Beecher referred tothewarwith Mexioo,and ttaae- inature, aad under- quhdtioa of territory by a laectea of justice, not legitimatescmetrung of the tptril of Bunker Hill and old Lexington Chicago spring at 8106 lorn quiet Barley unchanged11o l l o w a y '1 U l n t lent Cltwwa Ianionly by"ruler af toe earth aad toority ta the gryvrrnmeal All these thingssnnnfietnl c a n 0* Ilamtev. or K. Or. 8. B. MAttBH.arthsweD kaown house of 1No. S Vaaey street, aster Bowse, sawesta ti Btwaadaaxwataamtos suntteaJ atstsaawas of IA BTTPTCIAL TTJtTH—THE OREATB8T 1MPBOTB- A. meattaatmosphericplates M.LEVBTTSpatent Pi R«*se and faeotty hijrhiy reeommend It for itiytas eoeafort 1 aatavatuoa bnherto unammtble. 13 Waveriej ptaee. aBroadway. Bntahtatod 1825 ^ ^BI8D8ALL-9 ABB ITA UNIHBBT.AU. PHSSiOIABSknow the wonderful pata aaewatats; 1lilate of ssnsss plantonear.h.m»mineialundertheearth,cancompare MfiahealingaadecowajtprctimtkaBIRliSALX'8 UXIMBNTeontataa taa moataffective aad potent nraoarattaa of taethateaetateal satentt has ever produced ooml traeta from other hat hag herbs o f almost equal proprietor anaraateaa, naaar tos neaaty of aateanaa money of the arttete that U will give lli fin BBSBSSssawn aore throat, bursa, aea'da. acre trttata, seine ia the limbs, aide, sprain*, bmittt, eramea, *fc<"'I»'Ts aad atstars and tejarlaa. Prtae 26 caata. h o fit rKJUJtCTIOBB MAOB-IB ALL C7TLM8 AMD\J ta tae Bam aad Wan. fiowta aad tomawwn. at 1 raiea. by ADAMB1 s U P l B w . OOfifPAJTTflOMMB, BUBIONB. IBVEBTBD MAILS, .\J JototaandaUrtlstasiiof the feet cored wttaoui taeonvetitaaes to ita assteat, by Dr ZACHABlk,might cart th e lip withonly ta tta right, to tad thatwhich the world could aet give,world could not toko away. There flockorthegreatBhepnerdwhichtoeshepherndodtesinpistehde, hojrever black tbesheep. He alluded to those who badHerod undertook to kill Cnrwt a a d slew two babes "Return y e rsaaosaed sinners home," w a s next sung, Bethlehem. Christ grew to thesuture of a after which ttat portion of the nineteenth chapter of tta insuredThe preacher then selected the Sfith verse for h is text "Aad when they had beard these things tney were full of wrath, anc cried eat, 'Great M Diana of the EpheataoB ' " He then oammeaced with tae words, "Tta earth is.full orand the preacher wished, with dowser. "Oh, for a lodge ia some vast wilderness,' that to might get oat of the way ol ita wtckedaeas. The world was not ruled b y laws, tat b y enactments ahielded b y power aad protected b y swage; a a l before s a y one could reach them there would have to bea bloody war;and when the failwhom taad would b e convulsed It w a s hard that tta sin of oppression should hare ao maay valiant defenders Why was it? Was tt because it was lovely aadgood• Mo. ttoa why waa tt? He would en dearer to stow tt clearly by dividing bis subject Into three parte —First, because of tbe gain to be de- rived thereby; secoad, bemase of toe transient pleasure aredased;and,third,becauseitwaaa fearfulandpainThe origin of the fire is at present unknown Therebas been, however, several complaints made within arew dsys patt by the neighbors in reference to the verycareless manner the men used exposed tamps and candies CLASS—On hntordny, November 10, Mrs. MABT ABB, ECREKA 8BWIBO MACHIBBB ATT throughout the stain. It to believed that the fire has PBICK8Mlovely aad food, tat because of tbe gain derived there from In early Christian times t h e companions of Paul had a a wealth h o t tad everything In common: n o onethan t t a other, a a d they were draws towards I other in consequence of the oppression of their enemies,andtheirfriendshipwas,therefore,aoatroog . Death dogs bite, but barking dogs doaat. He ttat death only could break it aaaunder Whan ttay, tried to expsae the fatlacies of Diana s worship ,_men assailed them, BBBBBBBttay found that v»t nbau drawn a'wny aumhers who were acted upon by tae sower of truth, aad the IrsffiOrara thereby began to their trade s s each worshipper dropped off After vine described Diana in tar varteai phases as repre- Vheathenmythology,andaftergivingaluctdde- acriotioo ef tta Siae and formattoo of tta temple atFinding his trade going. begot hisi told them cf the fact, aad got them of "Great ia Dtaaa of Ita Episssmtogether and Andrew, for Governor, to teat than that for Mr. LincolnCoorm-On Sandty, tnrahA. Cooper, agei 6 CoopsK, ton oTSidney and,0U B acrytodoaway withwnr « J ^ ^ ^ u i .mn e>aiwMi u i •aawd makers rise up and s a y "great is ,mrr' •wtowtfJL^^^n'taSS* there era toawaaadk to rates a p a ery to ta far. Wag? Farttatareofgain. Thetarnsmigntatarary tacteas they grasp htm by tta any it «wos a great evU, aad wassmfcta curse upea t h e land which would ultimately b e visited by tied apaa tbawa ' A Kentucky slaveholder oace said to htm ttat M "hatw a a t what would Become of toe toad V slavery continued,'' a a d y e t to lived aad died aC'wnrt tntendnr—TttIsDay. Srrasnx Corn—Csnccn)ef Robert aadf^frmnwsef tta fiantty are the funeral, from M motdaj)BtwaTSsea,attwoto at ,urnsiaveholcerplat? b « i « it the- thumbscrew*, branding irons, whips,Untitled DocumentP*rt *-*«•*•**• M*in anythingmodern lovelytimes,This year the combined a:itt Lincoln rote to T ta BrmiBhsal rata af Bnrhamin aad Fillmore tnStrip it of tie gwa, pat tt on a tag af oottea,•aright]in her right mind. and sitting at affilotions withoutOLOTHUIO a ar>: AT'ta yet ttaw ware converted, tat to thoughttheywereconvicted,aadtaloosedeverydaytoawetiework or conversion completed, aad ttay appU caata for membership ta too great church of liberty. Did theysupposethattheykadsesattawholefarceand power of liberty la this taadr Tta destiny of thaiTTifar nation whoa all its evds would ta removed, when freedom weald swell every rain, when the wnoie powerBROADWAYif torithtawhich ttai att? t tfa-easy tosUCMGafihim-The friends of the family are respectfully invited to at tend h e r funeral, from 8 1 Washington street, Brooklyn, thtb (Monday) afternoon, a t two o'clock.amvery aa tt M, •aaat any <gto.• H e wToil;" aad iter*lam..ithallthetrery " « " "ttwtl be repeated again « • * • !With regard to> MM amorad easaaeipatu" ,TMf ensaiuapatutaratat to tta of iter •f you sCaf lite theIt. thia ia the eniynhnnoe I anad have of sjaataMtoinftalto?'SW«1?1^0.T«. »•amDBYLni.HTJDBONi8J8V XW BSjaadSt* Broadwayserveaed your own blood do your duty,not: af a a a unrversa: ta sriinliB tota tt. Bat when ta tad toBhieMhlm. Maaetoi conflict arttk tta Mar of God,rotterTbe reiat vet aad66wtihout farther Flatbuah for interPxAaan-—Oa son o! ab:ja aad iI moat and wttl tail you of ItTbe everGoggias'rote18,174;Breckinridgegalas8,137.Ada lttonal B ygalasGazetteb a sreturnsfrom I I S counties Be'JOregon dates are to the 34th The Legislature adjourned oa the 19th.formiddling. MnlsssaadollatSOc.aS6c.Floor,KMsSOTOforsu-wrflne Freightsslightlyadvanced cottonto LiverfjolJi» 83c. a .',c.wMomLB.Nort.1800. Cotton—Sales to day0 000 bales, at lo*c. a 10^c. forl b rial o d o r o a H a i r Dww, mriftw pees,thebestmdieworld,wtinleasteaadreuu, aadthedye privately applied, a o 6ofslaveholders. TbeNorthwainowwtLingtoreachout the hand of fellowship to the Sooth. In eonchasten, Mr. Beaaher aMudel to the tbraato ofdnunion and secession This talk about seces- Cotton -Hates today, 5,600 hates at 1 0 \ c for said sion w a s like talking of catting a man's head off to d'lng. Market fins.getridofttaleaseotlire. Ever* timethey took aaaa « BrrfALO.Nor 10—0P.M ale a part of toe wick seceded, bat the candle was Flour doll and unchanged Wheat dull and entente brighter tnat was left tohtad, aad nothing weald be spring lc. tower: antes 10000 bonnets No 1 at 81; 4,000 taken away ttat would diminish tbe light Hethan de bushels white Canada, 31 38 Corn dull aadnoantes.scribed a scree wttaesaed by him last week on tae Hud-aan, when a steamer w a s towing barges loaded withlumber, aad said that those who talked ofsecession werejust aarasaneabls aathemacwho saw toe coarse of tae•taaaaar impeded by the barges, and yet tareaiaeed tocut tta rope Banana the stsamar increased her Flour dull Wheat ta limtted demand sales 3 000 street Sold aad applied at BATCHKLOB-a wig factory.16•peed. TtaSouth could not frighten tta mea whohad bushels winter red Western at f 118; 15 000 bushels No. 1 the blood of t t a revolutionary stock in them, aad badIf the South could aat frighten them with imperial ar- mies, to thought they could not alarm torn by mautfes-piciure of thefuture ortta republic. His addresswas lengthy, aad taelateness of the boar prevents as giving more than the loading points of it.percentdiscount:oaLondon,106a107.Means, Nov 10.1880**A Clearlatoa DaaPHALOlinUfftal rwarlhaaaehtevedaibote hour s a d 1,660 bushels wheatbote, floor, 18,000 basbels wheat and 44,000 bushels com.iff ffafloat. Gaaalfrey^ta steady: floor, 4 8 a . a 8 8 0 ; wheat. 18c; corn, lie. to Mew York. Lake imports—10,000 bushels wheat, 4.3fB hwatate barley Coast exports— 1,403 bbts. flour, 70,800 bushels wheat, 18,400 bushels corn, 16,300 bushels rye, 4,700 bushels petsCmcAGO, Nov. 10, 1800 Floor active and fie higher. Wheat firm: nates 72 000frtetof^paiHijsmsef wmteanr. tut the operatic n cf the OUumeat, aao insure afew days.HMPUteaaCanal Exports— l.oaoToArm*sates S3000 taahets at fific. Insiore. Oats dull. sasTeriagfromanyaftaa eompanus lnetdenttoItaperiodofexchange en New York doll at % percent premium.Destructionof ttaaB t n s r e 8 t a b l e a .streetLineTKBB1BLB BURNIKG O r EORSXS—ABOCT KQHTT FOOB ANIMALS DB8TBOVED.SprtasjLast evening, a t about a quarter p u t seven o'clock, afire broke out in tta frame stables known as the Sprtagstreet line, located aa five teas at the corner of Thirtysecond street and Teain avenue. The alarm was speedily I have had theCaweaodnt, 78D Bresdway. of tkte aky.Refers toWASWICX—SHAW—IB this city, e n Thursday, October horses la the stables, together with harness and three 18, by the Rev. H. H Blair, Mr. WILLIAM WABWICX tJMO. W7 CLIBTOB PLACE. Between riftfa and tlxth awstmssstages Those esrliest at the sublet employed them •elves sa well ss ttay were able in cnttiag tease the horses. About forty, it is said, were got loose, and tarn ed tato Ito street tta balance, about eighty, were burnt to death. Tbe whote of the stables were burnt to the ground. Thecharred and smouldering bodies of so many poor animate presented a horrible aoeno.The horsei. stages aad sublet belonged to Chariot Lent MrLealsaystbebows wouldaveragetnva'.a«8100M issISASXLLACHAW.,H.Iv.H. AlltettfiC WalessadSwaanowoaviewatuliBKxrrs o a u j t M . The pa.*owrmpfc of the Prtaasfrteexoftoefamilyare1let the inquireT-.BAFKE88widow of Alton Clark, ta toe 88th year of her age.Her friends and rentivm, aad those of her tons, Alias andJoshuaA. dark,sad sontnlaw,Sao.B. Browne,C i t yBTXnr CUABIXG » PHILADBXPHIA.—A number of toe the residence ef Jeakaa A. Ctark, fififi Wast Twenty second TSffTABLISHED 81XTTbeen caused by the earelesenees of some of tta bands.lntellln;<are respectftlty invited to attend tta funeral semces, atcomplexion, and ware a mustache (had ao other wnts Her remains nil! ta taken to Calvary ~ for inter advtahtataTax Y o n athis year to 418 Mfia than ta 1840. The rote 01 Mr.MnwaaaiissiiM —Tta vote of Mssasohnaetteby 5,34164,073.1880 was 88 888. The vote of Mr. Lincoln is test than tbai forFremeat by l.To4. Themajority againstLincolnin Boston is »26 agaiaat Andrew 1,180.• ^ r e a a U v s s and fttends ef toe family are rjesiatrslly ttBBWgawasnnmarwaw> ..,,-,.1 g%gkTOSIIBSWSBIV Sul^H*MafhfMI fatinvited to attead^JTM*TM' ^JZ£TL h ^ S L n m . .if -. «__ n'otock. from tne remeence 01 OH -parenm,S f ortdrd'^rmme^Hto rwnatom wttl ta tato. to New ^^tSn-^STtoa^andRes8Bt,8U,sat7,» .1437,1436,1441.I486,fiat,1311,737,(No1)047,877,1888. Parts—Mem 1488.1403. 688.670,1804. 088, 10«4, BBMT, daughter of Dr Henry G and Anna M N Dunne:aCM0\i^B^Ai£»-~ISIS, 1816.1818, IfiBJ, 1831, 1880, 1838,1880. 1831.1884, 1880 1888,184a.TJarrsp STATSS BBBSBJUI COTCT—Nes. 18 to SO _ - Cunnoa PIBIW Mall I - N o n S343, 3864. Mfifi, M M , 878. 3141,3003.Sat,1T»8,SMI,3311.SMT7,»M8.**••SSBS Pert S-Nos 2W0, SOS. SSM. S3M. » M » » , SU4 SSM,mi,SMT3,1839,3«T7,SIM.tlM,MMSrrBWJaa Corrr-Part 1—Nee 8M . 8t7, IMS. 10M , 1011. MIS, 1018, stt7, 10H,1M3,TM.laWT,MM,MMueo 6 years, 8 mootonaad 24Due notice wttl be gives of theFLBXUM. —OB Saturtay evening, Metsaahti 10, WALTBRTowrama Ftnniax.. of ataaard Hts relatives aad frisads are lsvtted to attend toe fuseralBsrvneaatSt.Inkna ea TasaOay sflBtaesa, a t708 TM,SS3X, MTK8T2, 874,633,640,'f3i» 8*6 S58,841OSdThomas M. Tryniski 309 South 4th Street Fulton New York 13069satottawrWho lineCMIIdranSatordayNovember1 0 ,RentPOPT7L4B BPAJtBH AMERICAK PA 18 PUBLISBXD THIS MOBBTNO,BBADT-imSunday,November11,attheresidenceofeach. OBOstage wag destroyed, together with harness, her eon-in-law and daughter, Owen and Satan Rltey, No. MOST IKTEBESTIMe BEWaPAPEB"faldbyalliWMDDIBO OAJUBIMI •SL1SFi tnripal depots 737 and 4W Broadway.AD•km to tootBatrtoeiors llnlr Oy« BeMaiMle, lintteas aad iastasdaaecan. black or brown Factory, 81 BarclayC. O. D. bate, fAT HTATTS-THB LA and Ttantag Carta.AT JOB18 , 10 AWD 12 AWN calf dressed Boots; 84quiet. Cam dull: sates 5 000 bushels .Canadian at 37c , relief ta Ykrmt, Croap. Qatatwy OT ttesatag Oewnh. Boots. N.B.-Caliendeeei'Ovsast-On natorday,Nor.M,afdipthena.Eu*1 1 ,Her retaUtts a n d frisads of toe 'smiiy a r t reaptctfeiifFowLsa—On Sunday, MawaaatariBB. relict of t h e bate fiavld Fowter. aged 76 years.TO, U, 73,CtratsTaaWarn-Office493Btoadwayliberal4—ttwei^etojoenty atato Btreet. |^ ^ TM*^MI B BnanAlaTaVsaaat* SBBBTBxanthe1spectrally invited to 1 Btane totalfrom tor was 1of the Cathotleryn.B w ( BBeg . T t ak—JsftBaaeWtaf** 14 m^wGsadUsVaV~The re:a*rvas andattendttafaaaral,from 1oa» nmrwtag. at eight OVtoak. Hta rematas wttl ta taken to Bye for mterntanavlork kstabitahac- 1816.T GLWBRBrsrf»-»THl QBAT OAMD AMDnoreiUea. AaaUrTieforweddtnxcardstapeaAT OBOS RSXOVBDT H E M 1 BAaTPBAMOT/lHANDBOOK Of MEW TOME rax'U.IiJ.I X • www.fultonhistory.com 