 10f• —.•-*'•"~~~i•a)' I have Jteteaed, over harangUd,fartff, polygamy-oa aBother qoeatkma, but he mutt be tarty aa the tide of success to vantine to slavery, or be oatracaed. erganizatioB. We caaaotand 0 7yaMapBBnataada- Go to the executive •apartments and leak through all F'aaae.) Aad I trust, IBJ»J-7 5 y " - * B t e w Y « * J 2 ? ;the bureaaa and offices, aad yoa will find tbat ao man aaabold any office of frost or profit unless he believes tn the• a 182B, mCanter's case, (1 Peters' Bap., H i ) the 8a- •etter next __CR1ID C10CDS OF REPDBUCASS. wreme Coort ot the Untied Sates again hem esjWlows:— ef Hie great wh g leader, theytheMKTWfi AT fHE COORER INSTIfUTLi*»a*ea»a"»*s»a**«John Sherman, of Ohio, Pro* pounds His Platform.TbT anther haa evtoeBtfy caught the spirit that per - new coctrlnes La regard ho slavery. One holding fear rather than that j\m*ooJ vadeebiabookinaclimatedifferentfromours Tbead- opinionaorminetoaaeffectuallyproscribedandexcluded havetoaskpledgesandsnaThe JtfeBEaM Helper Book.aid theswearing to returns of the eteclion of dekgttee to the Le inter oats of alavery, aad the/ will be written aad made stltuents. Men who otter incipient treason are tbe chosen«ww|nw ^~~~~ . - . mea an de- 1wB K W Icomptoa OonshtottoBal Convention, The — ^ ~ -*- against slavery, tad tbey will be circulated. If they art counsellors of the President, and now represent us at for ner insults of the " past and the prBtftwTX*. ZT_ "»|ila 1M0, Utah aad New Mexico were or tortes, when t h e power c f Congress w a s fl paled. It was not then exercised, chiefly believed slavery w a s suffi neatly prohibited Mexkaalaa sand the supposed effect of d i nThe controlling idea upon which the com{aresofI860 wasbaaedtothusstatedbyMrhis ceabrased speech of the 7th of March, T Isay,sir,atthepropiarUoo,nponwhichI Unaday, that there is not at this moment within the States, or s a y territory of the United States, a stogie of landsoil tor- ntory er slave territory, is not ffxed byson law, aad TOM FORD GROWS HUMOROUS. some unrepeaiabie law, beyond the power of govern-clared elected gravely met and framed a constitution, in ..hich they de cared thatpropsrty in slaves wag higherThat Instrument wsa to athan and above all taw.demosratic PraMdeat aad cabinet tar approval, and itwaa approved. It waa foUowau by remonstrance, by thecondemnation of a popular vote in Kansas, by the oieareatevidence that it was a fraud consummate 1 by the wfcnleaalecommissioB of urn meanest Crimea known to the crtaiinalcode. (Applause.) Yet, having been approved by a demo-cratic Pretident and Cabinet, it received the further sanctionof a democratic Senate, and would have been invested withall the power and force of an act of Congress bat for theunited, sturdy opposition of the republican party. Aad Iam glad to fay that tn this controversy the repu olicanawere aided by Ihe Senators and representatives of thatmiddle c)a»s of men who defeated them In the Presiden 1 never knew one of them who did not respect the honest tioned. You will bear from them no propositions to de platform, l a d , after repealttal contest, and also by some democrats, now known as conviction of the northern people against slavery. But velope the internal resources of our great country. There He began by stating tbat heanti Lecompton democrats. Even those nervous gentle the clamor waa to deter the southern opposition from act- to a constitutional objection always to tbat. Themen who look upon this Unkm aa a consumptive, dyspep- ing with the r publicans, to mialead tbe southern people black shadow of slavery mingles with darkness and con opoa aad waa not prepared toHODESmBS TO BE URITltSAL. TWO IMSTINCT BIDS FOR THE PRESIDENCY,otter—u Aad nowwider circulation. Thousands who never read of mocracy, yon have eatabliahed at Washington aa uure Helper's book bat for the outcry against It, have hearJ (•strslnnd tyranny supported by corruption. (Loud apment" aWhat weald Mr. Webster hare said if he coould have foreseen the repeal of one of these unrepeaiabie laws • R M B H n lAJLUC PEOPLE LABttl, with* Aveyears? What would be hare could he have foreseen the Dred Scott decision and the lave code ate., dke. ef New Mexico? Again he said:—"Sir, whe ver there a a foot of land to be staid back from becomln slave tor- exclusion ; that the HOB. Mr. flaerman, ef Ohio, of slavery. I am pledged to It from the y r 1837. Iweald address the pebno at the CooperlMtttato teat even- have been pledged to it again and again, and will per- form these pledges " (Applause.)made it; none knew better my opinions than they Christian world outside the Southern Statea, and perhapsdid; and, in the frankness of private iaterooorte. of Brazil .where African alavery ia approved aad sanc- Governor FORD, of Ohio, van theatelKi, notoriety which that genttontea baa obtained 1 have thus shown, by well known poliiby reeeat Ccngremloaal occurrences, leaded to- bring a that the power of Congress to prohibit slavery1 events, theTer-Another significant circumstance connected with this siavery lets an evil in a State than in a Territory, but be- memorable controversy la, that tbe principal element cf cause, onder oar system of government, we of the free tbe strength of one of the .prominent democratic candi- States have no constitutional power to interfere with dates for the Presidential nomination consists to tbe facl slavery in the Statea. it Is not because we like the that throughout the struggle he acted with the republicans system, for we do not. It is scarcely possible for a man It tbe controlling interest in the democratic party shall born and bred In a free State to regard witl favor a allow Mr. Douglas to be nominated at Charleston, It will b > system under which men, women and children are theWbat affinities, my friends, have you, the commercialand laboring men of New York, with these ideas r Wbattie can bind you toesuch a party ? It it that you still as cause f (A voice—"We are tired of tte •'-aneaT "^ aociato with it the names of Jefferson aad Jackson f Why, lhat'a a very good answer, and we all kaewT" w i a modern democrat dare not endorse Jefferson's Notes on know, also, tbat when there to a drought there • a i Virginia, (laughter.) The worst parts of the Helper thirst for water, aad la the beat which "Book it an extract from that. Tbe chtof event Saturday night, tbere waa tome mint, IIn tbe political life of General Jackson waabis successful content with tbe Supreme Court oftbe United States aa to the constitutionality of thaUnited States Bank^and yet the democratic party nowlook to thia court aa lhe framera of tte political opinions,as tbe infallible expounders of party dogmas and creeds. out.") And tte people have even iTbe writings of those great men, if read now in a demo- bote where he west down. (Renewed"cratic meeting, would be denounced as black republican- pause.) It a true that ooe John Covode, ofism of tbe worst type. Tbey would be mistaken, at the na,baswithinthebat twoor threeweeksbetaI Declaration of Independence once waa, aa a black repub- for tbe old gentleman (great laughter),lican lie. You may tear from your political records thePhiladelphia platform; you may erate every word writtenby Seward, Chase. Lincoln, or any other republican, sincemerits wss recognized snd acted upon. Thi isunctlon torn crowd together last night Tbe auditorium was very between States s a d Territories—that in Si Congress•sorty Wed, an- eoaeidarebJe ealhaeaaBi waa generally cocld not interfere with slavery, bat that it !d In Ter,daptayed. The»* wee nothing remarkable about the em rltorlee—was recognized by every department if the go-bellabmeata ef the room. A few flag* were hung oat of our greatest statesmen, the slavery qui itiou was hereandthere,andoneortwoinscriptionsappearedon settledforagenerationatleast Therepubicanpartyme platform On of team, which ran aa follows, seems to have been exhumed from the cemetery where it has hmg uaoe laid, lor it here the marks of certain age and decay:—has never proposed to exercise tha power furt er than to keep slavery oat of Uie territory covered by tl e Missouri rettriction, and out of that acquired as free territory. Their great purpose is to maintain that Territoi y free, for free labor and free men. Let us see the origin of the pre sent controversy:—because they believed he acquired Northern strength byactiig with the republicans on this great question But youmay rest assured that if this is done, slavery will demandindemnity for tbe past and security for the future. Some intelligence they may be, are reduced to the level of new act of fealty, seme new pledge of submission Will be brutes ana deprived of every distinctive right of hu- exacted as the condition of his nominatioa. Whatever manity. The very fact that four millions of human may be ha fate, I will do him the justice to say that his beings are held in this condition in a republic like ours, temporary rebellion waa of the highest service to the re- and that such servitude does not exist to anything like publican c o s e , let him be friend or foe. (Applause.) the same extent else where, will always be a disturbingi , ana tne people amFBBBOtT AND OCB BKiBIS FOB BVXR.OB! UBBBTT.CAS WB RBKHIN TBBBWBO OSCB BUS" IBLI THY GBXBB0C8 FLAMS The other was coached in these terms:—In the contest of 1862 the old rhlg sndJ democratic parties had united substant ally uponS the same' platform, Both acquiesced in the com Well, gentlemen, Lecompton waa defeated; bat the element to American politics. While we admit we havethe character of which, in regard to its being f•will bat left tbe democratic party in the minority, and lit- tea to tbe burden of democratic tpeecbea there; threat* of disunion ia case tbe people of the United Statea in- trust their adversaries with the administration of the govchueettt, bat it was announced that thoutrt, , a severe cold prevented him fromi« d notwlthttandlng t a twhich followed, the hnanrabls gentleman eteie*aai-to beritory, I%m ready to assert the prtaciale oftic patient, in danger of apeedy dissolution, inuat bare en-joyed a temporary relief when Crittenden, Bell, Davis,Douglas, Marshall, Gilmer—all on "the national tide ofthe line"— (applause)—joined tbe republicans in their opposition to the chief measure of this administration. They not da They will not Interfere, directly or indirectly, staves (Appaune) regarded the whole measure with indignation and acorn. with slavery In the slave States; not because they thinktumultuous and it would at dtmeub t«rman to proceed. The universal teate ef eon? ton throughout tbe country at the preaatt waa: wbo shall be the next PreeMaatStatea. (.Cries of "Sewsrd, Seward.") Nthe subject been to thoroughly agitated.vernment, and had been so exerelsed, that In l i e opin.onKBW YORK HERALD, SATURDAY, APRIL 14, 1860.-TKIPLB SHESBT.Mia the meantime Florida eontiaaes to be a Tarritory of fc. a third candidate to perpetuatetha United States, governed b y that clause In t i e ooasutB- Varty whose attest act waa the abrogation of a ttsa which empowers Congrei -to mak • all ndaafal rules mserendered doobiy sacred by iu hatoric sndregulationsrespectingthaternory orotherproper-ytieiong'ng to the UaHed Statea" e • ^ e T v ,right to govern may ha tha inevitable oonaequcright to acquire territory. Whichever maybewHence the power may be derived, the _axqaestloBed. * * • • I ithe Territories Congress exercises the comthe general sag of a gate government. 'mple a^t^reaae that the tabpaaa of * aiark r«nnblicaaa" matead ef slaveholdersown experience baa ItnabTTii. V"!*"!^ — * * • =*ir, i1 n experience has tantntvithat every citixn owning staves may take them into the who thinks so takes a very superficial view of the mot: e: same condition as horses, cattle, aad other chattel pro tbe West, add directly te the trade of tha great city aad territories of the United States, and there hold them aa of a great political movement. The very sentiment that perty. ("Shame!") . the protperity of the whale country.slaves and that his right to do so moat be protected by the . leu the great maes of our people to acquiesce in the com The homestead policy now proposed by MM re-Janten I, Malaiattve and executive branch,* of the govern- I promise of I860—the desire for quiet—the wish to avoid Tbe opinion universally held by the'framers of tbe ublican party will unquestionably aid in securing essat. He farther declares that neither Congress, nor any tne agitation of the slavery question—tha it was that led constitnt'on was that slavery was a mere municipal rcgo be Territories for free labor. Staves and slave labor farrltartal LegiaJature, nor the people of a Territory thousands and tens of thousands of our best citizens to lation, protected by usage or positive law In certain equire plantations of thousands of acres to waste: free aer aay human power has say autnority to annul or join in this movement States, but condemned by the conscience of the people of abor requires but a quarter section of one hundred andtion with which it it interwoven. Evan the products ofthe generous soil aad tbe sunny clime depend entirelyupon the labor of slaves. The amount invested to humanobatteta forma a, vast Item to the sum total of Southernwealth, sad to that aa important financial element though it waa said tbat cumiaerce was being ajvtd Slaves, moreover, form tbe basis of representation tothai vested rghL la a former message he says The poUUcal interest of slavery was active, ceaseless; all tbe States, and endured only until it could be safely ixty acres to cultivate. When the public land a oven slaves are regxrdei by the Constitution of the United it would allow no quiet. It would make new demanis, removed. The only right which the federal government for homesteacs of limited quantit es, there it little danger as propert} —the same as horse or cattle—and then compromise, then agitate. We felt there was no denies to tbe owners ot slaves outside of a slave State but that farms will exclude p'antations, and fret tabor way to meet this ever disturbing element of American arises from that provision In the coDrtrttitfon which de- xc'ude stave labor. Apart from thets considerations, I politics except firmly to ray to its advocates, "Yon shall clares tbat "No person held to service or labor in one isk yon if it is not a noble policy for a free government not extend ekveTy into the free Territories of the Uaiterl Stale under the laws thereof escaping into another ahaii io say to her sons wbo are poor and out of employment, democratic party adepts these propositions aa part of its States." in consequence of any law or regulation therein, bo da yet willing to tabor, "Go to tbe West; select your homes; political creed. I -Sixty state them as auioog the recog Tha wss the immediate purpose and aim of the rep ib charged rrcmsoch service or labor, but shall be delivered he trie air of heaven a above you; a virgin soil a below sated principles of that pa'ty—I mean o;' the controLdng Mom orgtniz'.tion, and every measure adopted by it h*<- up on claim of the party to whom such set vice or tabor y oo, made ready for the ploog h by the hand of God; workmajority which guinea its councils, and not the exception coEtnbuKdtothatfhd. It has now ether p'iri.i8°s'n v k a . may be dee." nd be independent'" (Applause.)Congress, and in tha capacity they have pa&stvely waived a political power which has oontrinuted more than all other agearteato give te Southern counsels tbe aacendrr cy tn the direction of the government. In these and other ways the slavery interest to linked with every other Sou'hern interest, and all are parte of a connected chain by whlch the Southern people are bound together as a unit. As a unit only can they act oa all questions af feeding -r\ the remote st oesree tbe system that underlies tbeir whole social, political, and industrial fabricthereby, it would be found that tbe peop.e of the n rai districts regarded tte matter a a mock mora eenaibie light than those who live in tbe dty. If tbey bad not kvger brains, they at leant had time for reflection. So far as the ooamercial interests of New York are concerned, no eireumatances short of an earthquake could destroy them npeaateg of the dissolution of the Union, he said that be was now forty five years of age, and he had aeen it dasolved every four years for st least hah* a dozen times. If sack a calamity were to occur, however, there was water enough In that mighty Mississippi to provide harbors for the mat tee of the whole world, and there waa lead enough to build up free cities for a populaboa of over 300,000.001, But tbey need fear BO soch emergency. What we aev want to a President of the United Statea dmbreat from tta one we now bave- We want a living man We do not want a tombstone— (laughter)—and James Buch- anan is nothing but a tombstone, upon which are in- scribed all tbe actions of ha life. He doat Bay one word more about that democratic blood tbat ihe carried into any of the Territories of tha United States, and there held as slaves, not only wlthou; Meal or Congressional law, but in defiance of both. Thewiththehallowedname«|HenryOay-anamethattoyet garlanded warn fresh flowers in tha hearts of milhoca v £ of Belper to ha feUow non slaveholders that they as ii he was a Rosalen serf or an Austrian subject Tea far preferable to hiaaiejteao.Tt^Zljr' :?"• eatent aef n a coontr y men—a name that a the emolat on of ecu* abolaV a system that bears heavily ayon them by yeuth, and U manhood A s standard of all that a manly non intercourse, by tnetal proscription, by severing an and ooble. (Applause.) And U old Barry day had the ties of church fellowship, of family and of social con- lived, Stephen L Douglas would never have dared towill find tbe Walpoie system of oorropievery branch of tte public service. Jobs, w«iney, take the place of reason, justice and honor,agencies are estabUf hed to reward party terricet, aad tbeSioflts carefuly parcelled out among party favorites. An firm, as the rock of trutbiiijW whit* _touch one word of the Missouri aompromae.Mr Bncbansn was elected Presides*, and soon after the attempt to force slavery npon Kansas wsa renewed withever vindictUe, is harmless, because of its attar impractiJimmy wsat bite. Mr.Covode don't uaderatore of tbe animal; for bad be baited bit _ runaway nigger a weald be the only thug that wetkl have brought him to tte surface. (Laughter.) Warn I say that all tte people of the United States balaattaf to do homage to James Buchanan, I nrnhaMi am alttle too fast; for, if I matake not, there a em James Gordon Bennett w h o still worships at Ma ebrine. (Crtot of «' Good, good," " Reporter, put that down," and laughter.) But, altar all, I don't think tta old man's heart itln it. He Is a good deal hke the wit- ness wbo waa testify ing in court, aad swore that a boresIt <adthe wbnest replied, •'Did I aay sixteen •***'• pebiiean Club, who spoke an foil© *§.— tlcians at Washington the repeal of the Mieso rl restric will forever prevent slaves from occupying another foot tle with the Mormons in accordance with the I'hi'n liiH-" them, and then uatng all tbe powers of the govern VLB* vJ"1 d M > W M t h e taawer. •« Well," rajajajnaatJ prem-ee measures of 1860. Military gi tuts and pre emption laws had, for the time, diapered of the Isnd question, The distinctions between a revenue tariff, with incidental protection, and a proto Uve tariff, ha: become so nice and refined that the poj ular mind would not draw them. Men voted with their pfrty ratner from habit than from choice, and wi-.h a gene w.liHe rence as to results. The democratic party m eded indemocratic party covered its defeat by tbe contrrvanoe no power over the institution in Southern States, and willknown as the English bill I will not stop to discuss this not attempt to exercise any. we will, in common with thebill, for Its offers, its premises, its bribes were rejected civilized world, entertain the hope that by tbe voluntaryby so overwhelming majority of the people of Kansas. action of the States where the institution exists, tbe oocdi the organization of that party in 1865, and yet yoa will findthe republican platform lo tbO writings of Jefferson, Ran- dolph, Maaon and Ctar—(appktuaO>—not you will took in yam in anything they laid or did to ^*^T V*}!*0*,l*?e present an mmtoirauon. Think of Henry Gtayjso^klM front the statute book the healing measure of *J»201 Trunk or Jefferson, the author of slavery Prohibit,, leadingI^M the aadteace by the Chairman of the Young Men'a Re to extend lis power. It extorted from the am itious pollThey now come with a constitution of their own making,and demand admission into the Union. They have fau-lywon the honors of State sovereignty by a struggle as g.'oriousts the Revolutionary struggle ofour fathers (Applause.)They form the right wing of tbe army of free labor, andaie ready to shako hands in the friendly competition of you take us at our word and help us elect a rt>P . * JiOrdeB of excited men to force upon an Infant •iCrr»wy peaceful Cevelopemeot with their neighbors snd friends President I will tell you. We will promptly admitI MO» ABB SICroBV.TOCHU BBS 8 FRBBO.TT AMD DATTOB CBHTBAL VSIOS d»BBW TOR** ?rt aAolf And now, at to what the republican "* y TM >the contest; sectional strife was soothed by de ittful pro *> maes of the finality of the compromises. But there was a great cor trolling Interest—an interest abc parties— At a tittle after 8 o'clock Mr. Sherman was introduced keen to discern, and prompt to seize upon the port unityb 11 anLABBBJ ABPGBWHmuB-The Young Hen's Republican tion by the aid, as I verily believe, of a icand to "« abuse U»a», eacooraged by the success wtuch n*s heretofore of Executive panon*ge. So unexpected was his act oiof our Western Territory. Yet, at this time a democratic deipbia platform. (Applause! We will prevent thePresident and a democratic Senate stand in the •"-" "' *""** Zi siavery in New Mexico. (Applause) Wetheir ^mission as a t'tat*. Iwo tears e*o v-~-*."< •? will art"?*. *Z uoSttidu eiu pre emption policy in thement to tnduce Co?£resi to sanction the fraud t Think of ttf'wttoea*, " «f I aaid it oace I wta I»•'-. ^ P 0 " " such men carefully dividing out among J>*rty favoriteatbe filugbter.) ' J ^ r ^ / ^ n m m i » t>by only oat person: tad thai, strange to aay, to Jaaat Srofits of coal agencies, live oak contracts, aba B»e steal Buchanan himself, in that famous letter ef hto toOoa-crrtxe, ia which be says that at one period he 1 nimself to be of good repute la bit ownhood. (Cheert anC!to talk about Mr.thmga he said-particularlyremarks of hto about Mr. Dougtaa.I don't think tha brother Dougtaa would make a very good republican. (Great laughter.) If he does, Mattbad faitb, that the country only awoke from it slumbersghat organise!ion, nave concluded to continue the same, to find that it had already been consummated, 1 will not enr>""Bjamnss the course of political lectures delivered before.. i i i ^ . n — i - v . - "- uwi had r,Ulement of the public landg (Cheers and applause.)and aneotdtBgty off«-.r thai evening on* which we KZsore will prove Beotnd la interestto none which has here-tofore been delivered Before our body. Without detainingexamine the pretences upon which It was foun \ f o r «*• -igt cf your navy yards ! Think of them, pWhdtoK •gray hairs"—(oh! oh! laughter and loud applause)—aa Tn exemption against legaiative enquiry. The democratic patty has gone down step by step until now It representspo^u.-c.v/u tu u« auiu.'ieu under the Leeimptou J-J^, _v . constitution: but it is doubUiil, very doubtful, without a eeltosive cry "of popular toverelgnty is ndw ** «fld by I very special count, whether she bas enough now to en-We will invite any man, who it willing to work,and has a wife and children to support, and no bettermesne of livelihood, to aid in tbe developement of the re-sources of our country by establishing a new homesteadin the West And, my friends, you neel not fear that nothing but wbat is bad. ibis will be a sectional measure, for as many thousandse'»ry organ orthe democratic party.^ In*, aeJara«on ofgreat laughter .) N e w .T w . —in We stern Texas Their prairies are tbe pathway of the Kansas as a State Into this Union, and put an endonward advancing tide of sturdy settlers, who, I trust, at once to that controveisy. (Applause.) We will set-the institution of elavery! Think of Jefferson, or Ja>Kson, or Clay, aiding John Calhoun In forging or utteringforged election returns, building a fraudulent government waa aixteen feet high. The lawyer called £ * ajBaattoato.ti le her to admission under a constitution confessedly ap proved by her people.aaAhatiatUc cheers of the aadieo.ee, Mr. German c»tno lativa resuidion, to allow slavery to extend injp Kansas, cotton; that cannot, or will not, study a cenaus table to States? I leave it to you to aay whether, removed from sion has been attempted or proposed by the repub-Sherman.I doat likethose oompumeattnsyear attenuoa farther, I introduce to yoa Hon. John t*^ l*r*si<ient, the decision of the Supreme fourt, iheTgto? ""-" of Ohio. vetoes of the Governors of Kansas and Nebraska, the acMy ftiiow citizens, tbe same narrow, sectional Interest which can see nothing but slates and slave labor; that es•mtier- cf tbe Senate and House, all show that it i«>8 a cheatAmid the waving *f hats and baodker chiefs, and th • tnd a sLani. Its true purpose was, by removiig a legit timatrs tbe value ol but one production of industry—raw selves of this law as there will be from the Northern record I have presented, and tell me what act of aggres-and thecce over all the territories. learn its growing weakness, that will not read the lesson the shadow of a great plantation, where, settlements are lican party. I do not ask you whether reoub take a good deal of preparation of heart to >ayojrward. Pvreooally, he tt«tail, tollman, with a face Most we submit to it? Must negro slavery Ibe estab- taught by this great dty, by such a State as Ohio, by the sparse, where schools are difficult of access, they will not beans nave not made speeches marked with undue tem- the least I remember a circumstance thatand manner combining both a. firmness and amiability li?beu where t wss sgieed free lat*,or should fcxist development of tbe whole Northern cocntiy—it is that be as happy and prosperous when transplanted into a per and violence-, I do not ask you to approve all that bas happened down in tte country where I was raneg,whichwouldbolikelyatcs'^etoprepossessanaudience»ot.ho*w«rewetopreventit\Thesewerehhequws-narrow.merest,broodingbkeanightmareoverthedemo rapidlygrowingsettlementoffreefarmers?Youaskme,beenraidbyrepublicans.Ifyouwerecompelledtolis whichIwillrelateaaappropriateoathaiMtioss Not them men were compelled to answer, she South ha hto favor. Be spoke in a dear, distinct tone of voice ern aiug ol the w^ig party was too timid to relist the rewhich filled the remotest recesses of the large hall, and pea! of the Missouri restriction, or any other measure in though rather dry in his general stylo of delivery, the interest of slavery. We could hope but little aid fromcratic party, that forbids the prompt admission of Kansas.But, notwithstanding these factious delays, the republicanparty may confidently claim, as the result of its policy,that Kansas will coon come in as a free Slate (Applause.) capital stock of railroad corporations and the property of cans voted for, and what right measures have they re-1 have dwelt thus at length upm the history of the non resident proprietors, speculators, and land sharks. sitted during all the fierce contentions of the past fiveby tte force of his remarks succeeded in producing a ficit tit power and influence to res.at it But the outraged Kansas controveisy, because In that controversy have Under the pretend system thousands of acres of timber years? That is the true tes-t (Applause.) Tbey ceremony was to take place, and tbey found aBrXKCH Of HON.JOHN aOXBJLlN. were opposed to tha measure, designed, as we believed, Linus ASDUBBTimoai —I accepted the invitation of the te extt-nd tlavery, tounded in dishonor, carried by corrup- IBuag Hen'a Republican Union of the city of New York tion, and bearing deception on its face, rallied around :LUhe deliver one of a series of- political addresses in this republican standard. They consisted of three classes, wno had for years been arrayed in hostile parties. Thereit ihe Executive and the upper branch of tbe legislative tbe progrets ot settlements. Thegreat tide ot emigration citizen or any Southern Stater Our whole warfare ha?about to perform tbe operation, Newell, who standing near by sung out "Mr. Parson, ifyou expect to wash away that man's sins, just bring him down hers, for it will take a mighty strong current to wash away aathem, snd there was no other political organization of tutgood effect upon his hearers. and -ncignant public sentiment of the free Stales speedily been developed the purposes and alms of the slavery in land without a cabin or "deadening," and millionsof acres ell us that we are secttobalats: and yet when quiet place to a stream auitabte to fojnd an embodiment in a new organization. All who terest which controls the dime cratic party, and through ot unbroken prairies h«id by speculators, block and retard have we infringed upon any right of any Southern the old gentleman. Just aa the Mormon j.wHh some hesitation I knew that I should beopoa to gpeak after thoso who were familiar with believevi tn the isdustrlal policy of the wbig puty; thereits pathway.You do not feel the evil of the present system as we ofwas the great body of mechanics and business men, wholaughter.) Now, my idea of Douglas a, that if he a from the North and South, from tbe East and tbe West, going to be converted to repnbiioanaia aad have haand to do so to the bitter end. (Applause) oetp eyed democratic ates wiped out, he should beail the poiitical topics of the day, and I knew that puoiic was a portion of the democrats of the North, who weredaties would allow me tittle time for preparation. Gould not witling to susti.n their party in its abandonment of pect It is the tribunal which prescribes the platforms ways wilting to psy for their lands a sum at least suffi-J have foreseen this spectacle, or anticipated such a re the sett-'ed policy of the government, and in converting and writes out the doctrines of the democratic cient to survey and locale them. But they cannot and has bestowed upon me, I should have been deterred extend siavery; snd there were the earnest ant; Presidential election it bas declared that a man with mentt, to add to the value of the lands of non residents,charged with the administration of all tbe powers of tbe government* Is there not danger, even, that it wiH for- get the seitiment that elevated it?slavery men who fought against slavery as any negro blood in bis veins has not sufneieci • a m the novel task of converting a stump speech, or an a great social enormity. These men, disregardng humanity to entitle blm to sue in the cutirts of the United address suitable for the hails ot legislation, into a lecture mere party names and old political ties, formed then Siates. This it had a right to say, because such a manadapted to such an audience as the one present Trusting selves into the republican party, with a determined re "•dad sued in that o r.rt, and it was a question properly be • your kind indulgence, therefore, without any attempt solve, never to be yielded, that the institution of slavery fore the court whether he bad ptwer to sue. But seizingwbo do no good, and only keep neighbors away. The true way of dealing with the public lands a to keep the surveys but little to advance of the settlement, and to survey in small bodies. Let it then be kept ten yean for actual settlers, under acll guarded pre-emption laws, snd at a price barely snfflowat to pay for survey and entry, so that for ten years there shall be no proprietors but the settlers snd the government Ihis would secure a rapid developement of our Western country, and by making new homes, new customers, and starting ne w markets InTbe North Is naturally conservative and national, tte until be repents ia aacke'ott and ashes -until hto bead Mishould derive no practical advantage from tbla violation the occasion presented by the suit of this negro, they an ef a time honored compromise. nounced. for the first time by a court, tbe doctrine that slaves are held, not simply under the laws cf tbe Different What sentiment united these conflicting elements? Wss Mates, bet that slavery a recognised by the constitution The President of the United mates, in his last annual it sectional animosity? Was it merely aaiike to slavery aa of the United StaWs, and that " persons held to service,'' message te Congress, deoten a that it has been established an exatiig Institution in the Southern States? Any miu as tbe constitution describes slaves, are in precisely thegrayer than Mr. Bucbanan'a ,1 d o a t Intend to forgive him for tbat iniquity. (Laughter aad apptanae.) Mr. Doogiae to a very clever gentleman I know aim well He a a kind hearted man, but teat make up your minds to it, fellow citizens, that be a toe short for a big PtWaaMaiat orator}, 1cesiro to submit to youas intelligent men a tnapk statement ef the issues which divide the two great political organisations of the day.department ot the government. Ii we extend our inquiry is iurted frem i.s course, leaving uncultivated deserts inbeen tn defence of the freedom of the Territories, part ofwhich was made free by a solemn compact, and part ofwhich was acquired by conquest from Mexico, aa free torritory: and which, by your help, we "black republicans" a nvil which be stole from me four months ago." (Great intend to keep forever free for the labor of white mento lhe jodicial department, we dacover that .te influencea no less potent and controlling there than In the otherco ordinate brancbea. Ir a remote room of the Capitol atWashington, you will BU sitting a court ol grave the West do. I confess, gentle men, I prefer a liberal ex- and reverend gcntlexen In baick gowns. Treattension of the pre txcpticn principle to a free homestead. softly, for everything about tha room has a funeral as Tne baroy settlers wbo seek homes In the West are al-Is it probable that a party that has been so moderate andconservative when engnged in a continuous struggle, will atpvon aa this crowded array of ladies and gentlemen their organisation into a mere instrument to party. (Appiause and l&oghter.) Since the last ought net to be compelled, by their labor and improve be less moderate and conservative when it shall beput into the strongest kind of a current, aad it would'at be bad to anchor him out over night (Laughter.) I have not forgotten it waa by hto hand tta Missouri restric- tion waa stricken oat, aad which baa brought upon aa tha differencea now exattag betweea tta toe secuona ef tha Union. I hold Mr Dougtat responsible for that act, tadTbere can be no cons-rvst'sm where such a state of ai fragments that hang upon i s outskirts. Y ou soarcjly counseled with other Interests of tbe government, yet 1* If a slave escapes lie may be recaptured. 1/ he Is found We will then solve the great problem of the age—a Pa- things exists, unless that be called conservatism whichaxhtist me to pass judgment on the JiiTcrca :e between the ddfcrent shades ol democracy. I speak only of the great major.ty. How is it on the other aide?still adheres to its original and principal object; and al though t has the control of bat onu branch of ihe federa' ' gitdatcre, it has thus far been able to accomplish aanywbere fcejead lhe range of the municipal law, uade- circumstances wbdci do not constitute an escape, ha is 'ree and there s no ; ower in tbe government that cancific ailway, (aplsuse;, with its outskirts of mail routes and -etiletTjenis; io< en son e cevious course, through deserts along the Mexican boundary, but on that line, 'n wuatwould Fscrifice tor slavery all other interests, both of it- own snd or other sections.In the free t'tales a remarkable contrast to presented. Here a vast variety of productions tnd an almost endtees diversity of pursuita create a wholesome variety of intoThe republican party cenlts these propositions, and in- * eat deal It has approved itself in the estimation of all ttois that slavery is the creature of local law, depended. candid men, net only in the rectitude of its prtiKip'.as. entirely upon the law of the 8UU ia which it exists,Urn but in its ability to maintain them. What other p-iwer Bed to-he jurisdwtua of the State, exopting only, that would have sustained the people of K&csas in th*tr a* the slave escape, he ma/ be recaptured. And the re reeistaEce&gHo tha invasion. from M'g^ouri in 1S5Vpablkan party affirms luat slavery is a social, moral an 1 I speak of what I know, when I say thai poauca! evil, and .bat it is the rig'o*. ami duty of Congr&sa noibmg could have prevented tho flnsl conquest of Kiu and ef Uie peep.e to prevent its ejctenaica into tree Basin tbe interest of slavery but the moral and mtterm' territory. (Lou i cheers ) aid rtnceied by the republican party to her ea. ty Sett'- r.iUpon tha ism*, aiaihiy, the republican and ucmocratid in 1866 and 1650. Then it waa denounced us a mis--"s?L- parti- s arc .tDout tu eater into a cor test io/ the admitus- faction of "black republicans," thrown upon the s irfi.» wanton of the government for four years, sad, perhaps, by a wave cf popular feeling. I have lived to Lear.make b;m a s V >•ngen. Whenever aliased to in lhe eon ever latitude it may be, that the skill of engineers st tntioo, it I.-Ias a person—as such he is represented ia may select as the best Give tha universal Yanon a voj age so prosperous that the history of man oat present tie parallel. Toey tell as that if the smvehoioers of this COOLtry are not allowed to carry their slavesintofreeterritory,andthereholdthemass'aves,until it moulded a party to suit tts purposes, that the Statecourts in the s'ave States changed their rulings One by "'•a'f s In another latitude, free from tbe domination of In the North opinion is free, snd wherever opinion is one the various dtj artnicate of the general government. vw race. free tho right Is more than a match for the wrong. Heresider whether it will yield tta political organisation, sur-will meat that the majority shall exercae its rght In c m mrtnity with the Cm.Uuton and laws to select the agenta wtthegovernment,andifwesucceedinelectingarepubof them, 1 am not surprised that the people of Kansas are to s day more determined to tuelr hostility to tne demo eretiepartythananyotherportionofthepeopleofthevolved in the civil tr'als of that unhappy country. Wh'le it a divided by factions, unable to defend Itself from eventbeborderIndiantribes,apreytocivilandreligiouswl 1m e from every hill, every monntein and every val the child was going an errand for her mother. Monday ley throughout the s)av* States to take their stand against was required to give bail in the sum oi SoXj to answerPresident, we shall see thst he shall exercise the United States. of tue oifije. (Loud cheers y We will lefeudfT.*tL w *>«*^matma, which prohibited slavery in^ ^ L * * ^ exatmg territories of the Uwtod States by aa holders aalght have hi the Territory. I was a liberaltbeMot-«"J«*ae» eeamred to be iirev.x5abJaalavery in tne new conquest, and we shall"have again a very in the^new conquest, and we ahaii h«f* «<»«*« -fierce sectlonll strife. The only difference is that w e would establish slavery tn (hat count!y in lieu of their unheppy discords; but it would be far better that theirBaa awuta part it rending ba father to a felon's cell Bote a»«taaraai teliwept bitterly while mating thet' envtaviw, *M •""•" prisoner was cond noted down stairs a charge or apouce- man, Mrs. Munson became ao font teat she had to besap--a*, a— -i*•• h * * * •*" *•• *•*» a*teai wsie'f by 1fcU t1 o o a ,*« »^a, th«» in eeasioa, sad composedcooroand cne- As long as the South will insist upon abrogutirg ofrpromta-s, upon Missouri rails and j>The republican party to prepared for the contest It nineteen years oio, and be, wo. bad to but an aits tbe action of the Chicago convention to desigu i ea a a J t ' T ^uWt-IJrfK8 ?^ •*"t""e» eagraftod m tne Countuuth ntuueering cry of Northern democrats that the rep. iliens bad voted to consign unborn children, and theireblidK n's children, to everlasting slavery. But it was i •> W h T C?Mti,,;'Ul)n8' ?r w o r 8 e J"- "P«> converting our daccrds scould continue rather than that slavery, vhichDate its leader. Let it name any one of the great menwho are identified with its principles, with or without aplatform—(ibree cheers for Wm H. Seward were heretodapoae termor* or other* reguiaume respecting the* ^ 2 J * V a U a a d , aad confirmed the I^"• "• • ^M tT57 aaaiaia.h-*. 'T"' ~~" ""*•very skat taaa tamo Con- 'nuae. (applause.)Such was the position of affairs when the republican party entered mto its first great contest. It was withoutTerritories or the United States, you andfUiey must „and then let it, as the representative of freemen, appeal we ever wax eased.todapoae of an4^^8kVCry 0 u llawaaeaeofLotustaavaa*ail teaaSSi mm wfco•araedwitha.ama«t, .'or ttwy Ud iaoTaVattotri^i. .X * • * U I •••* «i J BOK-slavery Sofarasthiainformationgoee,itIttminentiw proper for circuJatieu. Such portions could be itad With profit by the v a y men wbo have made the most c'anen*li -ans are ce* en eel. I know of no reaaon way they can-notcooperatewubthosewboaidedthentndefeatingtheLectmpton conEtitutioti, sad wbo are willing to stemupon ihe principles avowed by Henry Clay, who declarednotified by tbe police, and about betfjaat *^**%% theNinthwardreportedthearrestefRobert*t« ••" J. McGiaaeae, having beta Cekoud m pasateg two«ew* bills. About the same ime the MXU> ward V***'*TM*hafMwaf M a t e of aorta teak nils, notca'led by these same men the grett republican pirty—*-:apts. st a peieon, h» is the basis of taxation; as a person, he is sfx k n of in tbe clause vhich allows ihe proh; A VOICB—I presume you will use American iron. weu'.d exalt the one to the Injury of the other The rela corbood, though I do not think he cou 1 ectabUah taat b'ti-n of »be slave tiaie after 18l»8 De isnowherein Laughter.) lions of trade, moreover, exiting between the manoiac fact before a jury of his own country. (Laughter) Mr. tne Consiitutlcc refi rreti to aa property; and we have lhe Mr. SHEKM^.V—<>ita!r!y we will. If I had my way, I luring and commercial States snd tbe southern Ford concluded with some general reflections oo tbe Ad- auihcr'.y cf wri>y distinguished men who aided in ha recious of the confederacy, have also contri- ministration, interspersed with anecdotes which createsless .retaliation. It was the time when such Jacobin de- mocrats aa Atcbaon, Strmgfelww, Jones, Shannon, and others of that stamp, were riHag with ubounied i>«*«a»; when an arbitrary, cisgraceful code was enforced by drunken rowdies, and officers of the army were compelled to do police duly at the heel of vagabond coosuob i. In tha contest the dejnocrau; party exhausted its powers to ettab'ten elavery in Kansas. The very men who new, dtybjday,aocrnovertherecent lawlessInvasion.»fdeemed, io o a mere municioal regulation, founded upon , colonization of the negro population of the United State? inciuttrlal systems of the free States. This conservative than natural cause*. In short, they an aciiaed to behV vabill.'Legaiative Assembly, and restored the Missouri restric-. thai party would at once pervert all the powers of ._government to estabiab, by custom or positive law,was compelled to t wear bim up ae a vagrant son waa accompanied by her son. a youngMrsaexteavfc the advice of a heated cnthusiset which, howWhen the Territory of Oregon was organlsefl Congressagain prohibited slavery, in tha words of the ordnance of fresh energy. Democratic officials engaged in forging aad speeches. Books are written aad speeches made ia the public are bestowed aa tha reward for treachery to eon will show by ita ay of negro earner*!L5false in theory or uniounded in fact, they will be over-eigc govern menu; and when tbe Chief Executive a calledimpair cr invade In the least the raaaa ^ r ^ f * " »to an account by tbe repretentativea of tha people, be The vary means taken to denounce a book will give it tilaims exemption from inquiry. Under tbe name of de-section of our common country.^ ^*** *sbnrthrown by reaaon and argument; bat ia ao other way.aad will read it; and permit me to add, gentlemen. that no instilhtion or tyatem caa er ought to stand in a free gov- eminent like ours, that it afraid to meet aad unable to answer by fact and argument any book that caa be written. (Great applause.)pause.)Go to tbe House of Representatives, where tta popularLoud cries then arose for Goreratr ajjaj. gf »jhaa.tion of the slaves will be gradually ameliorated and changed, until the great principle that every man has a right to the proceeds of his own labor may be recognized from cne end of Uje land to the other. (G eat applause )of poor white men in the Southern States will avail them And now, gentlemen, I ask you to look back over theBetweea you aad mawbat will become of the proceeds of the public lan 1st Wbv, gentlemen, they now go to an army of receivers, registers, land clerks, &o., &c ; and the land becomes tbeCergmi. More thhntxinty gentlemen who maae some oi kee nation a fair chase-e, and a free selection of rests, snd motoally restrain dangerous excesses of opinion tbe bad tali the re. whxh disgraces the country, now' boiu routes, and the iron horae will scon be steaming away In any one direction. The agricultural development oftbeir seats in tie Ho> be of Rep; eseotatives by slav^ raare up those magnificent slopes, stretching from the eastern se station. Tte constitution con templates persons alone, ami borders of Kansas to tbe Rocky Mountains; thence tarouganot property, as the basis of representation; as a per one of the numerous passes of that great backbone of the si u owing service, he may bo recaptured when he- continent to the waters ol the Paciicthe great West, the manufacturing enterprise of New Eng land and tbe middle States, the commercial interests of tho lake and Atlantic secboard, operate as friendry aids to each other, and as healthy check? upon any policy thatlet cot ; he ci es not say anything about tea falsehood he told ccnnerning^Benry Clay ; but he tart that he was at one time of good repute in hto own negh-Mr a generation. Yoa and our fed .•* citizens froiu ab!e to force a combicatioi of all oiher pa-lies anif"i mirg tbe Consntntiin t».it thiz Mea tbat mac cou,d bold wouldn't use any other. (Applause) Short as hi o an buted mrch to the cultivation of a liberal considerable merriment. The meeting teen broke apat Maine to California are to be the great arbitere. life is, some of us will live to see that grand idea cooou-mTaw contest is no factious strife It is a ftons. and to beat them, too—wincing by its unity ao<i property ID man vas carefully excluded in tbat instru- mated. B t we knew very well, by the actual experiment spirit of concession end lorbearai cc. The aggregate po- a late hour, with cheers for Gov. Ford and Mr. "Imiaah eeastttutiocA! trial heiwocn eppesing nl«as, to be con discipline, by its firm adherence to principles, the ad n ment. Madifor. declared In the convertioc, "I think it was of tbe Btmerflf "d mail irmte, tbat if the intense sectional litical opinion, tte debberate poutleal action ex vast comducnj mtte saoOe preacrioed by law before the great ration of frieni'sand foes. It has beeB able toattain iu wrong to admit tbe ilea In lhe Constitution that therecaa ism of the Ccmocratic party prevails, private enterprise miiDitif s of men thi's educated in different pursuits, enJary *f the American people. Before that supreme tr. present position only from the deliberate conviction of iu> be tr-ire'ty In man"will not be left free to chose, but will be bent southward tertaining, Individually, different ideas, and aiming at over arid plains tn aid of some sectional purpose different objects in life, can never swerve far from the Composedaatberepobic*npartyis,ofwhigsandde aversge1-cecfright;fortheseopposingforcesofthought,P o l i c e I n i e i l l « « i BrjsnriONOFFociPur—LazarusMichael,aGeraar,died suddenly at hto reaidence, No. ft Ridge street, a km days ago. Coroner Gamble held aa inaaeet apes tea body of tbe deceased, when tbe jury, guided by tts state- ment of a physician, who had not made a postaortost examination of tbe body, rendered a verdict of''death sf cholera.'' Since the interment of the body tte trtoaei el tte deceased have had reaaon to believe ttal the trot cause of death had not been arrived at, aad ttal had a post mortem examtaatlea af tbe body been made, deathJftahai the repubheaa party is waling to disouse its case adherents that its success was nasessi-y to keep teearoaitsmerits,andtottsverdict,whateveritmaybe,:; government truetotheoldlandmarksofourtattlersm pledged m advance to yield a cheerful submission. Th-j (Cheers.) 'tieaM«iaUo pat ty, however, enters the contest ui a differ Let us contrast these two parties in tha thirty fourth and In all the political writings and judicial opinions ot question of the tariff, u will be prepared to consider, opinion ir- Its true snd natural orbit Men who, fromeat spirit. We ax .• met a; the outset with the distinct and CorgTcss. when, for the first, time, they met each other tte litre, rot r.:.ly of the courts of tbe United States, b eft-repeated threat, made by democratic Governors, Sena face tr 19.ee The President and Senate were democratic of tbe State courts, North and South,slavery was regardrepreaetita'ivea, that if the republican party A republican plurality in the House succeeded, a'ter a ed ss a condition likegminority or alt-'oage, which, once iJ, >n the regular conauiauonal way, by the votes of a long contest in electing a Speaker Iu the mean removed, could never be restored except for crlma TbeIsm majority of the electoral college snd of the pxiple, time a civil war was raging tn Ktr.gas. Tim fr- • abet a republican as President of tha United Sums, they Plate settlers bad betn worried by democratic will dissolve the government, break up this fait fabric of ofllcials, mobs and invaders, until they werer •kerty, and divide mto hostile fragments the unkm of thee9 driven to txasperation, and were engaging in acts o law-without party bias, and Sn a spirit of moderation, how duties on imports may be imposed sufficient to meet tho necessary expxeses of the government, and yet so as to be lent burdensome upon tbe people and most service able to tbe induMrtal interests of the country.And the republicans, moreover, will be prepared to consider the great question Discussed before you by thebovbioo.bavebccn taught to respect the constitutionalrights of every section, and to regard the preservation ofthe union of tfceeo Slates as a sacred doty, can never, tothe presence oi an a»l controlling interest like tbat whichR• ger -barman. In the same contention, said: "I amopposed teatuxonslaves,becauseItimpliestheyartproperty. There was ao difference among these men, Dccrats, and bolcing tomewbat oprxaiie creeds upon the like tbe sntagonlsuc forces of gravitation, will keep tha:language was strong,'sad breathed the generous animanly spirit of llbeity. But a^few years since, intte ca*" of Prigg tenia the Conimojwealtaof Pennsylvania, ibe Supreme Oocrt of the United Hon. Frank f7. S'ates declared tbat the " state of slavery isoveifbsdows the slave Statea, be Inducer! to infringe f,As either a democrat or a republican must, in all proto«bi.ity, he elected, the substance ef theee m, that unkas a democrat be elected, there shallha aa frnsMeat of the United State*They will tmk the .hip that has thus far borne ui as aexamination will be onmrnea« it a early beer tha tarsals are maae by men in high positions in the demo may snd do denounce both these lawless attempts upon tbeir cflkia! position; a mere mnaicipal institution, olteo causes beyond our control. We have, in common with or discission always begets difference of opinion In the*^ rooming Certain parties are uncor the snrveittanee ofev and" limited to th* iang9 of tie Territorial law."Tt was net anm the interest of slavery became policca:,in the Central American States can be promoted, and whether this population, which ia now kept down by the frfling Oof caste and bvy tIhre pnr>eijtui.'d1lircae>s, onrf .e..d!.u,/c«a>t•!i.on", mTMa.«y. not be r- ace useful and independent citizens of flourishingsentiment fcss, on more than one occasion, degenerated h to timidity; sao1 it te even now securely relied upon as *n element of strength lor the South in the coming con test.tbat deceased waa tbe victim of poison and actag under such belief, tbey now awfc that the body saay be daeater. red, in order that tha affair may be thoroigmy a vest ga- ted Tbe District Attorney sent tbe ma u r over to tot Coroner's tfLce yesterday nwniag. with tbe request that ttecasewouldbepromptlyattendedio Daringth*daf tty» body of tte deceased wss exhumed by earder ol Coro- ner Gamble snd conveyed to Bent-vac Beapttal,where thafellunderihepowerofthisinstitution,untilnowthem-» OurrelationwithMexiconowpresentquesttorsofgreat snycnerosyextelthebeautiesofslavery,polygamy, they will commit an overt act of treason They tell us Vugin a by seventeen white men and five negroes, :<ed by jortiy of the Supreme' Court, prepared by tts peculiar or difficulty From our geographical position we are sensi- Mscometanlfn:—of anything and everythicg. He mty skat if a rcpubbeaii 1resident a elected, they will reeis; a fanatic, smiled complacently at a foray of thousands of gsnizaiion, have departed from judicial propriety, aad bly sflected by the troubles of that country We are wride about it, talk about it, preach about it Here w- his Inauguration with armed force. These extraordinary Masmutane cpon thc^prairies of Kansas Republlcins rarr:etl to tie *anks of a political party tbe weight of liable at any moment to bo involved in a quasi war by are rot afraid of a tract, a berk or a speech. Freedomarauc party—oy tha men who usually control that partylhe republican party a oompel.ed, at the outset, to con-tbe peace and order of sooiety; but how can Northern or Southtrn democrats, who sneered at "Kansas sb.d -kcrs." c-•rsistently clamor at the silly or crazy ait mpt of Johnsive alike from its or igin, its nature, its name, and its ef feet upon free labci, is elevated Into a national Institution, above the power ol Congress and the people, and coher, a borler stretching from the Gulf of Mexi?o to tho Pacific coast. Much ot it is occupied by wandering tribesSouth opinion upon tho slave question te not free; then.e st moderate opinions agaim>t slavery cannot there be sented, arrests will surely 'oilow.render all its deeply chenshed principles and ail the power Brown, when they excused their partiaan*. armel with eztenslve with all the Territories of the United States, cf Indians, who have been emboldened by their frequent uttered safely Tbe malls are opened and robbed; A.v Fx-As>xwnLVM>x w TKotBns —Thomas J Monday,and patronage ol me government to the menace of Un.ted States musketa, taken by violence from a I'niv-i s Gentkmen, It ,3 not nay purpose io discuss this de successful inrcaos upon Mexican settlements to rob our Northern men are watched as enemies: books are barned' ex-Assembly man, snd now a cork in one of the civilsuch adversaries. Tha a a eaeattou of manhool states armary, driving quiet settlers iroin the polls, and cision furtier. It is only important as it states the po acquired "feliow-ciuzens^ of New Mexico. A good many as Bibles fcave been to tim«is past There a no open courts, was brought before JUS'K* Kelly, ai the J-fleraott as well as or principle. (Loud appuusa.) When depriving thim of every civil right by a can lineal op'nliu of the uemonraile party, never heretofore ot them are pretty hard cases, I imagine. (Laughter ) channel through which the Southern mind can be reached•ay sastime to be o«r governors, It is hua ning combination r>f force and rraud? Wbea I noted for- its love for courts or law It was a The recent difficulties made by Cortinas on tne open tie subject of slaver). It was considered a re market Police Court,on cha'ge of exposing bisparsoa Usse te teat the virtue of their chum. The natu recall these scenes, broogbt vividly before me political necessity yielded- to the democratic party, and 1 Bio Grande threatened at one time to provoke an nmikabie fact that Careiu* M. Cay—(tremendous applause and endeavoring to take improper lib.; ties with a little: rai effect at such mrnacea m to excite the Anglo Saxon by a .egalative examination of over tnree him have no doubt will, iB dne time, tako IU place in that invasion of Tamsnlipaa by General Houston. continued for some minu'es)-.! am glad,'' continued Mr. gtrl, thirteen years old, daughter ot p»uoeman Allea, ofapuit of as all When the gauntlet a thus thrown at our died witnesses, by knowing the men en^ag«d In them, multitudinous array of overrulel cases tamiuar to law- Many of cur citizena are engaged tn trale in Hiem an, " Uat ynu have thus greeted the noble name tbe Twenty second precinct ihr offence is alleged to feetwewilltakeitup.aatheirequalsandpeers,we ardbybeingcompelledaaaneyewitnesstoseeaportion yers.IntbemeantimeItbasneithertbeformnorface Mexico,andaxeliabletobe,andare,frequentlyIn- dressingM.Clay.(Applause.) Suchmenasthese havebeencommittedtnWestFortyseventtstreet,atol law, except as it iflycted tbe fate cf Dred Scott.Butgentle-mensometimestellustheyareopposedy>meagitation of too slavery question Well how will you strife, our o#n fettitments are rapidly approaching its struggle and the rgbt will yet conquer, (applans •)—* tbe charge before tbe Court of 8,*-ci*i Seeaax s. Tte de- avoid it? Hill it be by submission?-by constantly borders; our adventurous citizens are acquirrl| interests native of Kent"cky, should deliver a republican speech fendant Is a married man, and bas grown up cnildrea.m the exercae of their lawful functloos, and 1 have During toa early straggle I am glad to say the republi yielding to pew d-nmeds? (Cries of "No, no You have in her soil, so tbat whether we wish or not we may he in tbe capltol of bis native State.Tbe greateEt punvbment that tbe court can tana* a Mas caseaetxmonthsimprisonmeatiatheti"MutuaryA HABJ>Caw-Catharine tJuntee.a reepectab- leek-teg woman, about thirty live years of ag". bring » *»aadoubttherearepatrioticmenenoughineveryState t» poaah aH who attempt to exf cote soch threats.causmCongressmadenomistake. Theyestablished by gottodoitifyousticktothademocratic party>') compelled,soonerorlater,tointervene, andeitherestbe clearest testimony, tbe truth of their allegations. The, 1 have b«-n in CocgreBS five years, and I h*r' tabiisb a protectorate, or take side with one of the fac- Bow then can tbe republican party establish a foot tben propoted to admit Kansas as a State under the Tore scarcely It own lb* abject lntroduesf), except wham tions and sustain 't with materia] aW, or admH Mexico, hold m any Son^ern Btnte? Only when, bavin* oosees ka coBSUtuoon, to withdraw all outstie agencies, and to forced upon Northern men either by measures or parts ot it, into onr own system of States or Territo SL°H °f i** f 0 * e r i * * • fOWrfimenl, it may, tTy a w*eBut while it a oar duty not to he moved by thesethreats,ItMequallyoardutyfairlytoexaminetheclaims leavethe;iopie"perfectlyfreetoformandregulatetheir proposed or speeches made In the interest of ries. Whetherwehavepeace orwar,a protectorateor andmodsrarepolicy,givetbelietotbeslandersofitsad urrei-partofthecity,appeared belore Justice Kettya*eftheseopposingpartiesandtotestthembyapractical eentrast of their public measures and policy.The republican party is only six years old. bat Its prtn-ahaareasokiasthegovernment, it*cardinalJootrinswas arm formally announced in July, 1T87, by the Con of Uieowninstitutionstotheirownway." Whenthispropo- Slavery. Tfoumaypurchasepeacebyyieldingupthe aconqoest,Taskyou,fellowcitizens,whetheritIsnot vergarSes,andwhenItcandispelihefearsofthe tteJeffersonmarketPoliceCourt.andmadeaeomptetot sition was rejected, every republican in Oongrers voted t> Territories, M d Mexico and Cuba, and all toe poWra of belter to SEtiust tnese questions to the conservative ele t mid, conquer tho prejudices of the ignorant, and con against her hut band for diunaenness. She ka* •***tne government: and eve;, theu you do net know how sronyouwillbecalledupontosanctiontheplracvofthe save trade and the presence of slaves amoog you leaai >fdby Ifmmon caa.«, or some second e.uitiou of lb..-tion, bat it carefully guarded whatever rights slave-measure, so much ao that It formed the chief ekc- a to slow yocr politics,! adversaries that y o / \ a umente ef th.e.r.e.p.u. .bilicc.antjuncnBrwtuvoraatho*»m«e*«c-on••s»er*v»>a-tiv>e—e>l—e turbuleinfcteherepublicanpartyratherthantotbe tawlets tiemen.nee of tie ienitrcrsti* Tarty. (Applause.) Why,gen-vince tbe it tson of »be intelligent Sir, there to no mid. diegrcrea;wetnufi.itberyaidtotbetoteusesection- alism or tbe democratic party, or we most crush it out ibroijh the agency and by the triumph of tho republicaa r«rtj (Great applause)settle the whom controversy by what Is known as "Dunn's K-"" Itremovedailthecontrovertedenactmentsoftheheartbrokentorseveralmonthspastbytaecruelsal reckless conduct of ber husband, and as a 'as* '«or*jStajected, because the men who controlled the de moo: a:ic highestjeidiciai t^onal into a party Say s for H . J " , is worse than any evil they can auffer—as much at one ••tongtog to tha United pur ty at that time believed that Kansas was secured to trie mating, s - long tat trey iui-t that their lecal peculiar Ii. txirg can be worse than another—should be establishtaprrrored and given with great force and unanimHy)—te np name and lis history its true platform— portert. tt eras really one of tne moat hrerveedai scenesEatesatl of slavery, aad they would yield to no compro- ttitution shall become national, coextensive wiih tta ihere. ,J ^ B ^ C ^ a m m . ^ ^ g J ^ ^ ^ * - Shttaa ( M t an old organisation in possreaion of all the powers Offices of New York andPhii«i«-in*.i. *».--*s i o aWben they are willing to let the two systems of free antWe will be prepared also to consider whether the nests of greedy office holders, now gathered in our post offices, may not be routed, and their duties performed by privatetth«*7haUcB E<3 h e d i t t u * .i*of ike slavery^uen.os!to tbe intelligence of lhe people.I -11 snot be diverted by tbe third party, scarcely heardExpanse, ;T A package cootateing nmaty sixsilver waBsawt and two gold do waa etolea fram aaa ef 0 0power overuanortaliaa of slaves a common organization, without acknowledged leaders, slave labor work out their own d e v e K e n t , withaB enterprae, organized under government control. (Loudof since IBM, now rising under tte drill of well paid eer-gerntt- of tbe democratic party. (Laughter.) The times Wela a Co.'a express WH * •o the 7th test, emee are too earnest for soch movements. I have before me which aw trace of tbe property Baa beta daeowred.as lal«, the suaresna Camn *« «. „ aad waa required to measure strength w.th an r-ryritog tbo powers of the government to extet* S applause ) Tbere Ismore nowpaid to clerks Intho PoetIltefw a aba inev teste ~ ^ •aatehaa*- a - . and patronage of aba government, with aa army of ptawe!) ^ " ^ ' n o t b e f o r e (u-l ** was throughout the whole United tne address of tbe National Union (Committee, ia Wlatb Tbe package waa addressed te 1H Beatas * Oo.. Ctootnaasuire aad aasa territory. I, tha Canstttntma <trained officials, who wanted nothing but the password: We have heard a good deal af complaint that wa State'saad phuMJcr to bring them into Una Tha dominant party Lave circulated a batik.(tremendous appdausej-Vit Thste and numerous other q oeetions demand all tha had )rteldad to far to the popular feeling as to put aside its *kili, all the intellect and energy of our people; and I amactive agents tn the recant contest, and take for its Preai ten by a aauro and citiien of . lave e^'atrabil glad to say all of item are Dew receiving in the House oftngten, to tbe people or tbe United Statea. It is signedby many gentlemen for whom I have high respect watches were of new aad snwel ttylsa, aad www ttaand with whom I have acted often. I can pledge them fiftt of tte kind tbat were tmi>orted so tkeAttey aaa betbat every republican to at earnest la bit devotion to tee easily detected by deatert aad otters, <=aoald tasy btUnion and tbe rcnstitution at tbey are; aad at tha It tbe offered far fate*«*.ft» the flrsUL Represetitativif—the only branch of government not jests at a foreign court It also fortified its* If by paste* • M a / l hate alway. * S 5 £ t ? S £ ? $ % & controlled by the democratic party—the attention theydentaJ nominee a gentleman who had been absent for " I - " L 7 f f ? f ? i ^andmyastonishment iaakaoat —^r^aTJ^l^.".*^tuple of their party ery. I hope tbey will share it withtoMmect popular sovereignty both la the States anl Tr r-book. (.tpptau-.-an3cvV«oI«'«ood.'') ftwrbMrmaaameritus, as we are willing to share with them, against tbe onlymen who threaten the Unkm, or who seek to subvert the County Bank, Greenfield, Mart , beautifully execatef,On tbe other hand, I ask you what practical measures aaidSy^JJT—*••* •" ^oata adds and ageactes treeandjilavelabor,andoftheopinionsoforninenim» dothedemocraticpartyproposef Ifyougototh.*Senate, teV^S-,JL1^" r"t,ubt»«an Party would have sucoeeKed bit from the North and Ihe South, of tha M d I t o S g F ^ Z yon will find the leaders of that party oacuasing ib!r^BTeTt*^L•Lm!l,,' * • ***** free State* of * tries, as to tbe social, anoral and political rofluence of resoiuuona declaring that it a tbe doty of Congress, of tbecourts,sadoftbeexecutive,toprotectslaverytnall the Territories. Recently a disticgwahed Senator, to acarefully prepared speech, proposed to revive toe princi-1hup of stat!-Ileal luTorm^oa showing the relative varuVlthat, coming aa he did from a stave State, it waa busaaaaiaaiaa ^^^a*** ** atar/ Birvit-jda, otaarw e «»m who «M aHBBsssoaa. Z***~ w w * t t m "1 m * B ~ I abontthebook. It is a book that I believe any . a ^ t T ; ple of the old sedition law—la effect to suppress the da solemn deliberate and wel. matured determination that ed a man named Ghee, flail "*b te attefflptiflg » r m """!wa*nwttS»S5f5Saon;e rtjaobheaa baa J g . T ! i t ' *aaaae phrase taat nvm could read, condemning what ia wrong in it, and yet ©nation of slavery in the pulpit, to the press, and on tha ao power—ae earthly power—sbouM compel him to vote oftteflyea.Bkre aai.v «rte^baaBBg"IjJ7rXl^ °*»~- » * y obt* b a g tiom it ojefBl soggetttona. That porttoa of thi siump, under color or preventing combinations agairst fwr tbe *ntraduction of slavery either north or eouth of ^ IInow no»"» etave-heJdert of the Southern States eviw ,. | of shivery That at tew the en'y test of democracy, ioF like that new wagix*, it Jp tele to stead aloof upon a dav«AXAii, April 18, »••*-w*'es«ehn^BMaiarbsW tea* **«*J,t*af They bookwrittenbytheauthorwhichitaddressed tobisvv slaveiy>atbeStates. NopobticaTmeasurecan receive ih* Miirfoutiline. (Loudepplaiae.) Inagreat contest Boatlaeia Occam Steamer M*wet»«t«t»» ideas a-et fsas to laa»^S?5•*••* when rival the asxetien of that body unices it prcmotea the icteretta* j ^ - - «*»« repubiiaaa biu•^.w ant aader- Bitterness that baa ia parallel la the rpceobes ana tie-Untitled Documentthird jaity ©rgan.«ab«n. ffiv* « a fair bell and n# Tbe ttesmship Star of the So_X- from New Yors, «r-ifamong party organ, hired to libel political adversaries, pause.) The republican r ^ ^ ^ ^ * * •win thee act ealv haat^itcability; aad yet bit ideas are the same, differentlyarplied, tbat form the staple of many democratic a paid out of the public treasury. The honors of the re check the BOWdeal"None knew better how groundless was the clamor ernment A proposition to pay one hundred and twentyagainst this book than tha very mea who mi!Hone of dollars for Cuba, the only place tn the civilized hto appearance.as to our principles and purposes, tad to give a few trola every measure they propose, even to a mail route or northern men, elected by republican votes, a pretext for a private bill. At Hooka, made immortal by the elo-thonght the audience "magviolating their engage mentis. (Applause.)Perhaps it ia well to repeat what the republicans will ao the democratic party has its cry of slaves, slaves,absolute property of others, liable to be separated at tbe caprice or necessity of their matters; a system by which men, I care not of what color, or how low in the scale offor meat (laughter.) We bare i dent of tbe United Statea, aad ttaquence of Patrick Henry, bad hit cry of beef, beef, beef,ten, as I am, to the ordinary language of our adversaries, you would give us a ready absolution from all such sins. But I again ask you wbat wrong measures have republication. There were two old gentlemen named atoat*aj and Neweil, who were constantly engaged in quarrel One day the Mormons came along, and Reader waa so much taken with their doctrine*, that he anally atade up h a mind to be immersed. Well, oae Sunday aaaraaag tatSouth is necessarily sectional, aad this difference to anInevitable result of tbe difference between the social andindustrial peculiarities of the two sections. In the slaveSlates cne single interest to paramount to all others, be-cause it is part and parcel of sat Tbe whole industrialsystem Is based upon stave labor. Tbe whole social ays (Greatlaughmg.) He travels tw) near the ground Mr. temccttormetotherequirementsof thepeculiar msttttt-'.:r c the cne r.rto cndaDgerthc other Therefore it Tethat cfmervaiism—true conservatism, which tooks be-j ond a single section, and surveys the broader field of tbewhole country, is tbe natural outgrowth of the social ami would have been ahown to bave been produced by etnertheEquityofslavery. LetutnotinterfereintheNtw *3otJBTSJtrsm--Coantenrit tree on tbe *•**"• ocnttiiution. ID acting together, no surrender of principle made ttelr appearance tost even teg, and agieteeabrtarequiredofusorofibeaa. «ofar,atteam,aarepub- wasmadetofloodtbecrty. Tbestorekeepersware***iK-A.n^...^..Z—J7?e»tjeethatitafar •* tl e democratic tmtuSZxJhas been nominally acblevL°' S**e*l*r* " * - **~:3a p fellow republicans did a tae^renaaTtbat those who are net wka L ~let at be mcderateV eon^,tbtrtting for a ruler.self o u t (Renewedteroua continuation of merriment A 'Thia Mr. B^jchanaa has wiped bat- laughter.)Fozd then reverted to the question of slavery aad ate that he regretted tbat mere waa aaibody la the cooan darker than himself, for be ttoegataa wornd carry tl the ptemlum. He thought It a great mkfortune lo the whole country tbat tbe tabtect waa better agitated, aadtbe police, and should any ev><)*jice of pteaanisg be pre-aati, aad with ita ootteBta was »ete-d Tbe at fl.000..—* a -r **arw_ '.w^^**a a a »•** Will a*eration a allowed oa trtrf ether subject, a cemonra',atnitettoBf fitatla by mea in tha Btereat of slavery on tho J may separate from, hit party frit* a en tha kwateatead aver wtb tn* e n . c »'.« tarty. (Appiatuw ) Those rived at her wharf at three o\-li.» tbJ aiteraoenThomas M. Tryniski 309 South 4th Street Fulton New York 13069*Xwww.fultonhistory.comwhs are ^inclined to do te can scarcely ask a greatwell. 