 >n. Poly25,1860.a to take eom- L the 1st of Au,-^orderedtothe* u now at Pe> 34. eed to Hampton toChinquitheI*thumsatthat st of Congress. from the Phila- latofAugust. J plaoe. Lieut. *d by A Cocrt- f and seateneed owever, recom-sy- ThePteei- ,d sentence, b u t pension "without^ fjeipttof a very- Els a*d cuttings ate expense of * Re«r.Dr.Bar- aro varieties of>lives, scions of fu! plants. T h e to the propag&t- tcrease, and not be made beforeg plants is tha ".< 1 crown of thorns tta), and makesalso seeds of dates, walnutswell adapted to * "The seed ef the aedicinal or pro- >incident© of theif to contain dt- >f rowing seeds; azures to repro-by the Patent- proper methods(TDISC.the GovernmentBrowne, editorHOL T .ntnerly Postrnaa-ex-Gov. Wiek- ittendauce upon &r, and wife of sarj seriously ill. >UGLAS.very determined md intends mak- on hisreturn toTCKY.gin to show signs ^Kentucky.Thepi July 25.1860. cred a weekly mail er to accommodateaad Denver .City, miners, and also a and the Waahoe te. The servicet>nthly.&by any party re- bog money due on >e hearing on the Saturday,ado particular ia- >rer-unzation wh'«hI in the Cherokee leal, and similar to e States " aa " the > pure-blooded In-g with some inter- aKtfly those grow- y question, as any involve the whites 1«he consequences, ver, aporeberidedj.t a d a baed. Vehicles of every concC^able bufld and tate the whole of Northern Texa*, white men friends Mr. English s remarks were received'-with"cheera and itic to force Judge Douglas on the •Baltimore'Conven-^ ^ t e e ^ t h a t thirteen S o u & S t ^ J ^ * * i r i b a n d ^Everett; _be s p e c ^ d ^ S S J S ? ' Oeorgiitaring by this time aervation, he will ulsion of the whitepurr of Indian Af- b course of a few I In 1861. a treaty be AntpaHoes and prcitg within which Acknowledge their iexieueioa of white wcurtailed in theirff this andtbe'fact Egress, at the late resents (which are r expenses of hold* keirfuture welfare,te among various *ive of highly ben-, be one now eon-effect, and that, in ;of the Arapahoes *d in tie possession •change their pree- lubsistence.ie Meeting, y, July 25, I860. kr.ridge and Line ithiscity to-day. A. 0 were empoweredminate an electoral ri. A very deter- : the adjournment, ng called in a body>iltiCB.~ .:y, July 25,1860., State Convention tfternoon, and ta»Lcontained a severe rm on Kansas, pre- ss outspoken and^as concealed and lerable excitement will probably call vJe.-.-itood that John srter,Jn Hickman'skTroy.y, J my 25, I860. a>Sarat>gaat 7\ red at the depot byrc!e> or two uulfary iuie Giants" from ! ud marched to the was welcomed b yis made a political as the true print-i- ll who are opposed He spoke aboutpie listened to the red to have b*eu a«ard Bound ty. July 25,1*60.bm New-York, ax- s afternoon,ty,July25, I860. seelaer, an honored -esbyteriaa Chorea*morning. *Both wings of the Democracy seemed confident and enthusiastic, and claimed the power to carry the State or Hctton. Htll mad lady, Holllna; Mr*. Howard, Hantrxlle, by large majorities. It was noticed, however, thatfrom each Congressional District,--a recess of ten min-IiMr. Srr.KR mov"ed a committee of one from each,county to nominate officers for permanent organization.- Ab»litioniem, and keep it. east of the Hudson River.adoptea for the government of ihis one. The roll was called, and all the counties were represented, making fivehuidred members, two hundred of whom were entitled to eeats in the Convention sitting at the State House.\ CHAS. MITCHELL of Burlington'''moved the Conven- tion first nominate Senatorial delegates.On motion of ex-Gov. RODMAN M. PRICED William Cooko and Gtn. Joel Parker were chosen unanimously as Senatorial Electors^with three cheers.A. M. JOHNSON of Trenton moved that the delega- tion from t h e counties concert together for the. purpose of agreeing on nominees for Electors for the respective districts. • " % ' ',<;'A receBS o f t w e n t y m i n u t e s w a s g r a n t e d f o r t h i s p u r - pree. ThisconferencewaScarriedonamidagreat deal of confdeioni' O n con?aiDg to order again, the fol- lowing-District Electors were chosen:1. Abraham W . Nash^Cumdon; 3. Joaeph Vliet, Warren;'2. MoHesWilla, Burlington;. 4. Dauiel S. Anderson, SiUBex;5. Theo. Eunyouf Essex.Each of the nominations was greeted with three cheers.; A motion to adjourn was made, but lost.i n accordance with a.resolution' adopted, the-PRESI- DENT appointed the following as members of the StateCentral Committee:. Rodman M. Price, Thos.S. Alii son, Addlph Schaik, Garret S. Cannon, Nathiai T; Stratton, lfgham Corryell, Thoa. N . Weparty.' vcame to him for Vice-President, being connected with John Bell, the statesman of Tennessee, he said that no patriot living could have declined. [Cheers.1 I have said this to settle the statement that he will decline. Mr. Everett does not intend to decline,, and Mr. Ev- erett believes, I think, that w© are going to elect him and Mr. Bell both. [Applause.] Col. Peyton re- ferred also to conversations with Mr. Salatonstall of MbsEachosettf, who assured him that there was a chance of carrying that State for Bell and Everett.Mr. DESHLER presented the following resolutions; thty were adopted with three cheers:\ i•Tne Worcester City Regatta.-• JSgSBg •• - .**~fr<*Hr-..*h,~i.i' i-.:- a a -- .-t. -, r„."T~,,.r •Mfe Geh. DABCY was next called upon, He said heTneawve. \ 7' W»and;0T«a-WORCESTER, Wednesday, July 25,I860, , w, wfelt certainihat the BeU atid'Ki^^''jte^'^^%r ' l^^ ^ ^ t h e ywished to^^po^n ^ *Jnore Class boat were entered. The start was simul- taneous, and as the boats passed the stand, the backs ••Ofthemen keeping time, there were lodd huzzas. Theonthe;partdfaportionof theCommittee andadopted with enthusiastic applause: ..Incendiarism tn Texas. -&$?*^ ^ 5 ^ ^SSfeS (TteacartEra officeof thisactionalittlepremature. He'.-aid'uot'w'ant''t6'8ee Un^DJfprtek*cwroanydf the%^bi^ee^ psrW.for^resideDt.StephenA;1.j£2K J^a* *!**•*?&£**? tains a letter from Charles ^ Pryor, editor of The. in search of alliances, -before they' are sought. "He ADallas Herald, Btating that the fire at that place on the thought the Committee on Resolutions better put the But he thought 'thoce men' wh6 ,niet in Temperance Hall fully intended to land their'craifc h i t h e ^ r t a of CJninsigamond. The stands were•:*•*"«• M**each oth ledtothe disooveryof;adiabolical plantodevas- matterinpropershape. 'V tV « Republicanism. Heaaiditwas'rmpirudehtandimpol-<Sr^w***h»g fr<»m tberloDg-iettled TU*MW* 6( fore' 'C*£Pm<>?niiom & ! $ & S l l l P P * KeTRTpubUcaarapacity, crowded the roads and nOl-sideS. ;A ***& of the abolition preachersBlunt, WcKinney who were created considerable confusion.expelled from the country last year are the instigators. Mr., WoRTENnrKE of Hudeon hoped the motionfreeze ruffled the waters, and tempered thvacat. The plan was to lay the whole countary'waste by fire, ^would>e withdrawn. ^Earlythismorning,itwaswhisperedthatthecbJ^ni-Idestroyingallarms, ammunition,•&c.^j;to:getthe CMr.JOHNSON explainedwhyhehad movedhis 1tion, as he could catiy;nb,S6utuern:Siaiei >oranyNoithem'State. „ And yet they wCrecompeUe'd-tosee Chaa rjrfcnboatofHarvardwasnotentered, and universal Countryina stateof helplesmessandthenonelection amendment. Hehad'apapersigned by many ofhispeople of New-Jersey. The General was xriuch ap- :Col. Am*,ported ajvnvmmimn ttat th« chair dionld appointdisappointment was felt when the fact was madeday, in August, *© ma^Mr. ROBERT ADRAIN. brother to the Hon. QarnettAdrairi, next addressed ihe waiting Coiivehtibn, prin- toral vote> of tbia State for the candidates above named. .,P € c< ssaa ^aa-' ' ^ m&& ^known. One of her men was coo ill with an abscess, by emiseane* '• «•^' the e cause in Texas.tohandleanoar;andanothersufferingfromthesame the jDomplaint, caused by excessive training. The Judge'sJboat was fixed on the western side of the p >nd. In thefirst race of single-scull wherries, there were four en-$&?' SPEERwishedtoalterhismotionasfollows: cipallyontbeirrepressibleconflict,claimingthatthey, Johnson,thewgnlarnomineeofthe-DeroocraHcparty.Inotd«cBethenpwpoeec?tfratthefoil namescompos* the Electoral ticket: Charles Gt McC ««iey, Edward? L e W ^ i ? b n TA W o ^ u l J , William K . MHceDonaWL ireter D . Clark, Cornelia* Boice, and John V BeaneT MT. O.SHALSTKD,be/cwrthequestionwastmt. wanted tolenow if that waw tho ticket which wMto t* eupportf d through the campaign. Were they * o Wv , the North and parties friendly to fron:tions of the Democratic party, and that they have oneelectoral ticket. ' , : ; .nominated by this Convention, if elected, to cas* the seven elec- Jteiolved, That haviog tnken our stand in favor of Donglaa andGen. &ane In i^rtniCaroUna.Mr. BALL wishea to know how the vote would be Many of the boats will be taken away to-night, and posed -mainly of the friends of " the ^regular Demo- .had offered this motion. , cast if it would elect no candidate to defeat Lincoln, the stndtn a are rapidly leaving. The citizens are not likely to invite the next regatta, disorders occasioned hj the jovial boys having kept them awake two Bights;Further from Europe/ARRIVAL OF THE CANADA.HAUKAX, Wednesday, July 25, i860. The R. M. steamship Canada, from Liverpool, ar- XrvftdatthisportatHi*,m.,andsailedat6p.m.to- day for Boston, where she will be due at about midnightof Thursday. Her news is fully covered by telegraph from Cape Race, with the exception of the following Yerv latest news:The Canada spoke, 14th, the ships J . Morton, Rock- land and Candor; 15th, the Centurion and Fidelia, Bnd 23d, a large steamer bound east.The R. M. steamship Asia, from &ew-York, arrived £it Qneens^own on the evening of the 13th, and reachedtieMerseythefollowingnight.LA TKST—Via Queenstovm.PALERMO, July 13.—A new Ministry has been formed. Amari, »ne historian, and Errante, are among the number.NAPLES, July 10.—The King has summoned his SoTOtex Camarilla. The population is unquiet. A partial outbreak has taken place among the troops inthe citadel, and twelve have been wottnded.Ships ahd troops are being sent to Messina.RUMK, July 10.—There nave been no further dis-turbance* in the Umbrian MarchesQUZKNSTOWN, July 15.—A dispatch from Palermoreports sanguinary combats to nave occurred near A'Teesisa, between the Neapolitans and the advance guard of the Sicilian army.Garibaldi bad received further aid to the amount of ©ne million lere, and 57 cannon.Pattmocr*:—Mew* Albert Appold, Ark ey, Bayntrer, Booth, •ClarJt, D-iii.nii/. Ooi glaa, En« i*b, FTJ and fao.ily. Frank Fitzur- Mb, OuiHaoxne, Gore, wanier Gipson, Green and family, Glen-" cratic candidates, Douglas and Johnson," and long . Mr. DANIEL HOLSMAN of Bergen coincided with the gentleman from Middlesex. It was a fact theyand Hamlin, or if it should go to the House and they should not elect, and the Senate be compelled to choose from the Vice-Presidents—for wQom would these gen-Jewett, La^ifa Lenoreo Loomalaker andlady; Miasea Lawaon,I*wiio. Law, Lod*ig, Morgan, Mendon, Mooney Macdougall, HooTe, Weodelaon, Mchol», Rev. Nicot, Noma, Olney, Pr^tt, Seed, Bitcbie, Rkbaida, Rl*er», Ropea. Reynold*, bteele, Shil- H(ux> 8io*e, Sternbaxo. Somerby, 6berwood, Wood, \v xld, WU-ST. JOHN'S, N . F ., Wednesday, July 25, 1860. nominated Col Samuel Fowler of Sussex County, asON ORGANIZATION—1st Disc: ict—Edmund Brewer, Camden; Lincoln ai d myself thirty years ago, ten miles East of_John Hopper makes oath that one of the ten rails r e - ferred to was sent to Brooklyn through Mr. 0. W . Bailey, who lately visited Springfield. ]Mr. George W . Curtis delivered a stirring and elo- quent address, which held the undivided attention of the meeting and elicited frequent applause. He gave a rapid but comprehensive review of the Slavery question, showing how the^Democratic party had wan- dered from the faith of its founder, Jefferson, arid de- monstrating ihe principles of the Republicanj>^ty to be identical with those of the fathers of-the Repubhc. His exposure of the frothy follies of Bobadil >Keitt, called forth shouts of laughter, and a vebemmt de- nunciation of the repealer of the Missouri Compi omi«e, and the leaders of the Yancey secession partt, pro- duced a marked impression upon his hearers.»,'NA TIONAL DEMOCRA TIC GENERAL COMMITTEE,-— A meeting of this Committee, was held last eve aihg at the Irving Buildings, Broadway, S. P . Russe|Chair- man, pro tern. The meeting was for the p*rnow of effecting a permanent organization, and the following- officers' were elected for the ensuing campaign: President, Street Commissioner G- W . Smith; Treas- urer, C. C. Guilds; Secretaries;James Hustjon and William Cantwell.. T H E N E W HARLEM BRinoB.-The Commi^ioner^ appointed to rebuild Harlem Bridge, from Third a r c - nue across*the river, nave advertised for- proposals for- the work, to be received on the 6th proximo, The timated cost of the new structure is $200,000.ARRIVAL or THE BREMEN.—The screw «fc ameirip Bremen, Wessel, from Bremen, via Southrmpten, July 11, arrived at this port last night. She ha d, meet of tbe passage, westerly winds and fogs. J n l / 9yoff . Dover, passed ship Mary of Bath, bound weei. Jnly 12, in lat, 50° W , long. 60° 27', passed an Anorieaa paddle-wheel three-masted steamship, bout d «art.Hut, Aveidert. Total, 1W.The Prinee of Wales »t St. Jolrn's. to order, and Mr. A. R. Speer, of Middlesex County,Yesterday, addresses were presented to the Prince,President,-protem.., and Mr. Blauvelt of Hunterdon, as Secretary. These gentlemen were unanimously elected; Mr. John C. Rafferty and Mr. A. R. Throck-'to which be replied as follows:" I sincerely th^nk you for the addresses presented morton were elected as Assistant Searetaries. Theto me,and for the heartv welcome received from all,On my larding.on the shore*of this, the earliest colo-nial possession of the British Cro TO. I tnut you will National Democracy of New-Jersey for the honor con- riot think me r*gardle*e of your zealous loyalty, it I. ferred on him. Never in the history of New-Jersey iM-knowleoge these addresses collectively. It will af-fcrd me th« greatest satisfaction TOreport to the Q««enthe devotion to her crown and person, umnistakablyevinced by the reception of her son, eloquentlyexpressed in the addresses from various bodiesin this town and Harbor Grace. 1 am chargedI>y the Queen to convey to you the assurance of the progress of true Democracy. And no more appropriatedeep concern she has ever felt in this interesting por- place could be selected for the assemblage of this Con- tion of her dominions. I Bbali carry back a lively re- vention. (Cheers) Around this spot cluster reminis- oolle<-iion of this day's oroceediogs, and of y ur krnU- cences of the Revolution. Within sight of this spot nees to n yself personally; but aboveaU, of these heartythat his heart was in the. great work of preserving the Democratic rcguJar nominations.demonstrations of patriotism which prove your deep- rooted attachment to the irreat and free country of which we all glory to be called the sons." _was fought the battle that turned back the tide of despotism and tyranny [cheers]. Within sight of this spot was the great question of.liberty solved, by the armies of liberty, under the immortal Washing-nglit; but as he did not have a ticket, his right was of no avail.]'The Prince pleases the populace immensely, by his ton [cheers]. The representatives of New-Jersey.handsome countenance and mild, gentlemanly bearing. He drives out to day.There will be a dinner party at the GovernmentBouse this evening, and aball at 10 o"clock to-night. The firework* la*t uight were a poor affair.Today h» a beantifol clear day for the Regatta., The Prince of Wales honored the regatta here withlis presence this forenoon. In the afternoon he took a drive in the cjuvtry. He is much pleased with his Visit to Newfoundland.X>artmouth College Commence- ment. „ ,0.AHAKOV*R,N. H., Wednesday, July 25 1W0. TheCommencementexercisesofBartmouthColiege began yesterday and were continued to-day. I be jxe\. Theodore L. Cnyler of New-York dehvered an elo- quent and spirited address before the Theological So- ciety, and George Periey of Concord pronounced an entertaining and finished eulogy upon- the late KufusCnoate. The Rev. T. L. Cnyler, Fresident Lord, Gen, Frank Pierce, and other dimioguished geutlemen were Berea'.deo last evening by the Germania Band.Mr. SPKKU sa'id h e believed that most of the delc- gates'sssembled were in favor of a union of the conser- lowed by a poem on 'fjpluck," by Mortuner^Thomson • vative elements in the State, for the purpose of defeat ing the Black Republican candidates, Lincoln andHamlin [gre»t-*cheeringl;'and for the purpose of carry- ing out therwiflbes of the delegates he had a motion to make, which.he hoped would meet a hearty response from every true friend of Constitutional laws andE- 0 . Parker of Bostoo delivered an oration before the Ps» Upsiloh Sodety this afternoon, which_was folCc"ongress. cab have no material «ffeot on the subject, is entirely. deSoede lsdyandchUd. Miss de Roo<ia, Mrnaer^annkadof New-YorV - ^vcorrespondent of Tie Bo*Um Journal gWolJaa account of a homieide committed at Hyde. PajrlA Vt.,Bell a»d Everett Ifleetlnsg. DETROIT, Micb., Wednesday, July 25, I860.The Central Committee was' authorized' to preparean address to the electors of New-Jersey; to be signed^ The Hon. HENRY M. FULLER of Pa. spoke for forty asfollow8: .anThe friends of Bell and Everett field a meeting m-ftusTeiWtostevening,todevisemeasureslooktagtoa richts. Hemoved"thattheChairmanappomtaCom-by all the membera of the Convention.. 'The Committee on Eesolutidne repoitdd thefollow lag, which,wereadoptedunanimously:•:.minutes on tbe glory of New-Jersey, the progress of " Lewis Page, son of MosesPage.of Hyde Vjukm.* the nineteenth century, the neceiisity of dcieatwg the, was almost inatantly killed on Jtmday morni ag, 22d, Republicanparty,whywasrepresentedbybutseven- byashotreceivedfromaguninthehandsot.Ueorge teen States at Chicago, and of letting Slavery alone,^^ganizatirm,and also, to orgam^a Befi andmittee of five to meet with a corresponding Committee from the Union Constitutional party, who are here in w*sion in the city of Trenton/ He did this to bring:: : , 1;..'•.., ;- • THE RESOLUTIONS./ , '' « ''V • :>'.•' '•' U and the folly of the Homestead BinT H e dosed widi l i d d of Johnson, V t Both were-young mej^ >W>]^Bverett^lub. *Nothing decisive was « f * J ^ iftfift BOSTOH, Wednesday, July 25, I860.. Whereiu, The many and glorious -<dctortM heretofore achieve' ^ glowing panegyric on our flag. bytheIJemooratlcpartyhaveboentheresalWoftt«dovdUout.. TheHon.JACOBBEGO-MofPa.spokenearlyaslong,eighteen or twenty years of age. Ladd S w ? * ^ , r * f ihekitchenofPagers father, took;dowp. kp*?a&Thft fru»nd« of Bell and Everett are holding a ratifi- about, if possible, a union of all parties in the State who are opposed to Lincoln and Hamlin. [Cheersnipger; we had him served up in'almost every Bhape--^ constitutional, democratic principles, aad/ita rljrid adheroaoe t* av "i!ja B more enthusiastic style, reviving some of.boifed, stewedv roasted, and also, like Page a YexmB, .the exclusive support of the^regular, nojplnee» «f the partar^inthehalfshell, fGreatcheers.1 HewantedtheRe regajcdlesaofpethcnulesteemordlulike. And.XVHeredt,TU*theoldfireofNativiam. He.wasparticnlariyearnest»reGeoigeT.CurtisandGeorge Weatlier Report./ ST.JO«,%NTfTMy SS-WIafw.•, tbemometer- ,^ ^ W j l S S\^tft»h*rb**«tifol»tidcl»*r.~ **i";o°.Conventioninthiscity. Mr.SrEXu.accepted^.this«un«ndment.;."'•;.,.", vl IStateConventions,duringarThere was another Convention, also regalar, com-I .Mr. THOS. DUNJN ENGLISH of Bergefc said* h i ^ hot opposed.to an .union,of'this kind, bui he though'never feH M>ehcourigea' ^'tKetiS£^^''l^ifI^'S« ; ] v184eXffath? 7uTnimTehr3l^;^$£SBZ:"• m^^tdia?'' f *« tothe,<HtyBegattas the17Ui,leceivedte-nigntbytheOverland MaiLcbn- aCommitteeofthisConventiongovagabondizingabout the Sotltfc,iwbocould'notaffojd tc;,D^d^Q^6nist». %-JohiHi<nofOH>r$&fZrVtc«-jPi„.,„,,.UJ-Aiii- tWMreoi, W e have failed iosilaoto&M^tFW^;TM^*RAXKIOH, N . C , WednC6day; July 25, I860,, 'yi :iGen. Lane is spending a few* ^ 7 8 at and near " organization, in reference to a uhioh." [Cheers andGovernment.' •'.,.'•• .'' :,, .•.•'• 'sr-',:.:',\'{:.<•.•• ;-\.\ ,->'-;'-:^i" domestic institutions in their own way—kfx-plng within the'''•"•' '..''•'•""RESULT0? NEGOTIATIONS,\jtries: TheOscarTeedofNewburgh,theNaiad ousrelatives.The'Governor,the,Judgesbfthe _ThemotionwasthenreferredtotheCommitteeon HeretheCommittee,whohad,been,outforalong4$ New-Haven, the Friendship, of Boston, and the •Unknown. »Supreme Court, many other prominent omctalp, andResolutions. -,, , .".'.;.•' ' ^•:;.-.;iv,\-'-;' .;', :TheXonvention then adjourned till S o'clock.. |S<|:time negotiating; for a union, made'their appearance. Mr. SPEER reported that the Committee recommended, that they should place on theelectoral ticket the names of*William M. McDonald of Essex, Peter J. Clark ofResolved, That- the National Democratic party now is, as Iteverbaa been,devoted to the.preservationoftheUnionofthe- 5°rwn ^^ toTM**State*, end because of its d»votion to that great object—*o the talk. ] He should stand bv anytning the Couventtow <-auality cf States and the inherent right* of man-—it can form noalliance with, any sectional faction, like the Lincoln party, which*eek« to place the Union entirely under Northern domination;Raleigh,visiting-hehomeofhieanCeStCWfthdrxumer" criesof"Thatsit."] '.:.;,,,. ;the citizens generally have honored him with, a'hearty \ welcome as a distinguished son of the State, and moreThe first boat wasrowed by the champion sculler ofAmericaJoshuaWard. Hetookthejumpsplendidly,1especiallyasthesiteoftheCityofRaleighwasthe Duringtherecesstheexcitementwasmoreintense Hunterdon,andCharles-J.McChesneyof.Mercer,ashislongandheartystrokescommandingadmiration, andmadethetwomilesin15m.17ie.,followedbythe I'riendship in 15m. 33s., the Unknown- in 16m.8s. The Naiad was distanced. First prize, $50; second,'$20.The double sculls entered were the Mary Louioa X.udlam of Newburgh, L e Ybyageur of Boston, E , K . G. of Boston, and a nsmelese Williams^xrgh boat. The start wasvery even, andthe distances were finelyold Lane estate, donated by the "General's grandfatherforthecapital.;*; — *_ •••/...•;Consregslonal Nomination. SACO, Me., Wednesday, July 25, I860.than ever; rumors of a nomination bv the Convention No. 2wereafloat,butcreditedonlybyafew. The members of Convention No. 1 wended their way to the Assembly Room,r where, at 2J, the Chairman called the body to order, and the afternoon seB3ion wasgentlemen who would be perfectly'satisfactory to thosecenservativemenwhowerewillingto;actatthistime n<rwiththeSouthernsectionalfaction,beadedbyMr.Breckin-a Conventionhereto-daytryingtoforcehim:ontheWThat a^committee .of five be appbinteid for the pu'r- the regular D6mccrate, stood on' the side orthe Unipo, to maintain and vindicate the great principle that citizen* of the,ypose of conaulting with any committee of any'other the. Constitution, and the peace and prosperity of the Unit*d Sta«es, in **e»y community, have a right to form theirtion offitephfOA : Douglas for Fresiaent and Ilemchftl Y . John-•onforVioe-Tresident,ascandidatesoftheNationalDemocratio• 0 a general insurrection, aided cpnstitaents, recommending a coalition of the two fac- plauded during his remarks.,: •' •''.% ''^IVUi'w•'.,•- •'•- party.for;«ho*ecffice»; ajiid -we hereby inatruottha ElectorsAPTERISfOON SESSION.paid, but he wr uld like to know if the Committee h S any information that there w a s a reasonable prospect of other persons joining to carry the State against LmcolnandHamlin.^^ , »W^The Committee made no answer, and Habited w e n t on in this style: Principle was one thing, bat them Was a policy which was required to reach it. whtolfc ^ a s another thing. H e did not know whether the*convention at the State House wanted to swap home, or wanted tbem to take their horse, tail and all. Ther* were men who thought this Democratic party so split to hinders that it was better to wait and let the piece* come m on our ticket. H e had no objection to* either course, but he wanted an understanding whetter the»'SJSLTSS^^TOPP<>rt«<iornot,beforeadoptingiwHe continued: W e are wiUing to confer with anybodywho chooses to come to us for conference, tf they do- in thei. Electoral College. He wished te know if the ' exercise.of the will of the people in tbe choice of their rulers; makeit.' ? ^ i ^ S | Nj ^derstanding about'it;. The Rt publicans of the 1st District, in Convention 'opened with prayer by the Rev. Mr. FELTV of Tren- now in session; and' reqnest answers from them, whe- hereto-day,nominatedJohn-N.GoodwinofSouth ton. 'ft••••'•"••«:rthertheywillabidebyihecohdidonswhioharespeci- el'ctorainBerwick for Congrees. Louis O.Cowan-of Biddeford Mr. SAMUEL LILL Y , from the Committee on Perma-of the Douglas and Johnson _. ,fied here to-day, and nacued by this Convention; and only means of localizing the Slavery question* and withdrawingwas chosen Presidential Elector.Sailing of tne Arabia.nent Organization^reported as permanent ofiicers^ For President, Col.:SAMUEL FOWLER of Sussex (cheers); for Secretaries—Messrs. Townsehd, Demarest and Haywood, with" a list of ViCe-PreBidents from eachalso that a Committee.be appointed tp^ fill any vacancies on the pectoral ticket, in consequence ,of unfavorable answers. or decimations, or deatb or otherwise.Mr. H[ALL of Newark wished to know if the Bellit from Conpress, thereby giving peace to the, country and per- mitting the National Lefrtaature to attend to the enactment of laws calculatt-d to foster the industry of the whole Union, making a inilroud from the Mississippi River to the raculc Coast, and otherwise aiding to develop the Immense materialBOSTON, Wednesday, July 25,1860.preserved. Thenamelesswasdistanced. TheMary TheArabiasailedat1o'clockthisafternoonwith county. Forrules,theyreportedtherulesofthelastandEverettmenweretocastthesethreevotesfor Tesonrcesofourgreatandvastcountry,v ., JL.oni*a did tfce two miles in 16m. 10s.; la Voyageurin Democratic Convention, viz: that: each township Or their candidate. Before, placing these men on that k 'Resolved, That we hold as unwarrantable and opposed.to tbe76 passengers for Liverpool, and 19 for Halifax,;and ward have one vote for each 100 votes.', AH other ques- £6m. 18a.; E . K . G. in 16m. 46J. First prize, $50; $1,000,000 in specie.- ,> ^ ; ' tions to be decided by a; majority of delegates presentticket,;'hewished to know how their vote is to'•be; cast Ipirit of our institutions all attempts by the exercise of lixecu- tivepatronage to secure the succession, or to prevent the freesecond.$20.Theenthusiasmofthespectatorswasreservedforthe third race. Th© Toed*, of Harvard Freshmen, the TThnlia, of Tale Sophomores, and the Harvard Sopho-votingonthesame. ':';'•"''. '•:'• r^::- THEARTI-REPUBLieANSINJERSEY. Mr,FOWLERsaidhefeltliound toreturnhisthanks for this renewed honor. He asked them to assisthimin the deliberations, and hoped the same firmness and conservatism would characterize their proceedings, and the rising sun would dawn on bright promises for the future. r:\^.:;-,-- ;.;.". ',.":•;,:•;,•.-/,:-^'.:;-:popular vote was in favor of Breckinridge and Lane; j£ these men will cast their vote for them; <>r if they are tojeast their votes for the candidates of the Unionand that the prescriptive policy of the present Adorfirbrtratlon, directed to the''defeat of Dbutfas and Johnson, merits, as-It re- ceive*^ourunqualifiedreprobation., l-t; •• -•RegularBreckinridge Fusion Convention.Thulia, when about a quarter of a, mue from the- Fusioar ELECTORAL 'TICKET was requested to hand in a correct list of delegates.and if they do not answer, and the proposition for a Committee to fill vacancies be adopted, they can fillRevolved, That v « regard the personal interference of the President of the United States, with the action of tbe people inJudges' boat, stood stall. Her crew claimed a foul on the part of tae Harvard Sophomores. This gave rise to a discussion of technicalities, during which the Har- vard beats completed the course—the Sophomores in19m. 441*, the Freshmen in 20m. 13s. *Up to this time the question of fouling has not been'decided but it is probable" it will be decided against tie Harvard men, by whom the collision was invited. Hirst prize, $75; second, $35. In any event, the second prize cannot go to the Thulia, as she did not go over the course.Thelastracewasthemostinterestingofall..Four fcoats were entered. The Gersh Banker of Newburgh, Siz-oaed shell, Josh Ward stroke; the Yale; the Union, four-oared shell, of Boston; the Quickstep, four-oared shell, of Boston. The Brown University b<>at Brt-monia was entered, but she sprung a leak, to•the utter disappointment of her friends, and had to be WithdrawnLarge bets were offered upon the Newburgh crew, Who are professional oax*men, and a splendid set of bodies. The Banker shot straight ahead at the word *'go," and held the lead all the way round. She Crossed the line in 18min., 37 sec , the fastest time ever.jnade b y a boat of her class in a three-mile heat. I t was received with immense enthusiasm. The' Yale came in second best in 19 min., 10 sec. The Union followed in 19 min., 41 sec , and the Quickstep in 21 Stxin., 26 sec. First prize, $100; second, $50.* The CLERK reported 517 delegates. ' •' .^Mr.SPEER—Andtheyare all regulardelegatesandround and see plenty^of.iti in th«: Gonyention. Mr. Halsted continued in this style, windingupW a mo- tion that the Executive Committee beinereMed to 25with power to recommend such a ticket as thev Raw fit to the people of .the State. ;r**7*.. **Several gentlemen pitched into* the Comndttee and gr«>at confusion arose. A t last, CoU ALLKK explained that the Comoiittee had not fused with the BredaMiSw Convention, because they felt that they had no rightto support any but Bell and Everett men.Mr. ROBESON attempted to get a vote on the reoonw mendation of the Committee, but waa unsaeceesfuUJudge ROBESON advocated a stiaightforward course.Judge RANDOLPH was in favor of leaving the matter withtheExecutiveCommittee,givingthempowerto nil vacancies. In the meantime let them- adopt the ticket bv acclamation.Mr. HALSTED attempted to get in his motion; a large number of people rose to their feet, and attempted to> speak. The report of the Committee WaV finally adopted, ticket andlill. . ..-Mr. HALSTED said, if it was really the meaning and intention of the Convention to support the ticket, he would stand by it; but be wanted to know in advance.REGULAR DOUaLAS C0NYENTI0N.DOTJGHJAS ELECTORAL, TICKET., hir. SFEE'R said the Committee'had guarded this mat-ter at'every point, so there can be no deception what-'ever4 [Cheers.] He said,further that it would beneceseary to decide what conditions, shall be seit ,to tion he published in tbe Democratic papers. •;•?-.• theseigentlemenbj?thePresident. ''..',;. '.,',, ,'.... •'•"•> TheCentral Committee were authorizedtonilanyCONSTITUTIONAL UNION CONVENTION. BELLANDEVERETTTICKET. nominationsoftheDemocraticorUnionparties..death or from other caueesi; ALEX; M. JOHNSON addressed the Convention atJLess Fusion tnan Confusion.EEGULAB BEMOCBATIC STATE CONVEKT- Committee of any other organization, in reference to a' T h e Believer ett men madethe American House their headquarters, at which hostelry about 300 persons satTlON.The Regnlar Democratic State Convention of New-Jer»ey met in the Assembly room of the State-House,at Trenton, yesterday, at 12 o'clock.. W e say the the question of union:" A. R; Speer, J. H. Meeker,Regular Democratic Convention, for this one was regnlarly called, and authorized by the Regular State Committee, in the following pronunciamiento:servative elements to defeat Lincoln and Hamlin; he Democrats, as in that case they would lose their prin- didDotcare how it was done, so it was done. •?*•' K.KGtrnARDEMOCRATIC CONVENTION.electoral vote be cast for either of the candidates op- posed to Lincoln and Hamlin whom it will elect." Adopted, with cheers.Mr. SPEER movedthat the President appoint a Com- mittee of 17 to fill -vacancies.It was agreed to, with the allowance of a week's time to make the appointments.whole of the three parties—Breckinridge^ Bell, and Douglas—could he fused, the Belleverett men were inclined to believe that this clover-leaf ticket would carry,the State by 5,000 majority*Soon after 11 o'clock a procession of about 75 per- sons with the Belleverett ticket pinned on the lappels of the coats of such as had coats, and headed by a band paraded through the streets. They were accompanied bj a large number of small boys.The only placlard which we" noticed heralding this Convention was the following, which was posted in all convenient places by the side of the announcements of the Democratic Conventions: ; -PUBLIC SALE!GEEAT SALE OF AMERTCAK VOTERS! POLITICIANS ATTEND!Will be offered for Sale at Public Auetion to the hiVheBt Dem- ocratic bidder, onWEDNESDAY, the25th ofJuly, I860,atDOLTON'S HALL, IntheCityofTrenton,alltberesidue,remnants,andremainsof the Constitutional, B^ll-ringing, Unicn-saving, Belleveiett party of New-Jersey, comprifing hundred votes, more orlops, together with ihe whole stock in trade, consisting of one bell (slightly cracked), one copy of Everett's orations, Bix bottles of, SptJlding's Union Glue, a huge aupoly of palm oil, with a select BBBortment of Spread Eagles and Dark Lanterns- The particular attention of Senator Thomson and ex-Senator Wra. Wright is in- vitavcl to this rare chance for a fine bargain.Payment in ca*h preferred, but well-socured promises of For- eign Missions or Post-Office appointments wiilrneet with prompt atuntion. pNo warranty of titlet and the delivery of vote!j| purchased will be xvt the eaclv»rv«ri«k of the. buyer. . , .,?..•For further particulars apply t^> the Belleverett State Commit- tee, to — i -GENERAL MANAGERS, or to1 AUCTIONEER. 1ST* Sale positive! No postponement on acoount of weather.The Regular Democratic Convention will be. held at the ST A TE-HOUSE, Atgembly Room.Convention -will meet at 12 o'clock, noon.Ticke«« of admin-ion for Delegates will be found"at the room of the Chairman of the State Central Committee, Trenton House, No. 14. . N. PERRt, Chairman.[Greatapplause.] "'• "?v^•"':;''•-'•>'':•":."" ! The CHAIR—^This is understood to be a regular Con-vention. [Renewed applause.]j" : • : ' The CLERK reported the following resolutions: ;1. Ustolved, That the Democratic party of New-Jersey, in Convention fasembled, do hereby reaffirm the platform of prin- ciplea anoptcd hy the National Democratic Convention in 1856, andreadoptedin1860. .-2. Reaoive^, That the. electors nominated b y this Convention are instructed to cast the electoral vote of Ne«v-Jersey so as to defeat Lincoln ard Hamlin, and to secure an election if possible by the poople of a President and Vice-President from one of thea. JRctolved, That wo call on the Democracy of New-Jersey to Democratic Convention, we recommend tfcateach party opposed,-It was ordered that the proceedings of the Conven-support the electoral ticket, and invite the cordial cooperation of all conservative men.to Lincoln and Hamlin be represented, with the understaudiogthat the vote of New-Jersey In the Electoral College be cast inproportion to the popular vote. If, however, the whole electoralvote of the State will insure the success of either of the'candi* down to dinner. The talk in the bar-room was that dates for President OT Vice-Presidenc, opposed to Lincoln andThe Committee reported as a, fourth resolution the motion of Mr.. Speer that the Chair appoint a Com- mittee of five for the purpose of consulting with anyHamlin, that the whole vote of the State of JSTow-JerBey.be oast for such candidates," -(Cheers,]Mr. BLAUVELT was ,'oppoeed to having any trouble with the popular vote.the party would fuse with both factions of the Democ- racy on an electoral ticket, if they could be allowed three or even two of the seven names on it, but that it would be of no use to fuse with either wing of theunion.. :. • ' •On motion of Mr. SPEER, the CHAIR appointed theCommittee called for by the resolution, to consult onMr. SrEERtsaid he only wished, to re^^mite the con-Jas. Campbell, Daniel Holsman, and C. Litgreas.Mr. SrEER said he had a motion to make. He be- lieved much wisdom was necessary to carry out the programme. He moved a Committee of one from eachcounty to nominate an electoral ticket.Mr. ENGLISH asked if this was customary.Mr. .SPEER said they met, under unusual circum-stances, which called for all the wisdom they could ex- ercise. By the resolution we have said a union was necessary to defeat Black Republicanism, and it was for the purpose of concentrating all their strength heportion to the popular vote," and made to read, "the- licans would be sure to cwry the State. But if theadvetfized—sell tnemselves to Abe Lincoln.Mr. WOODHCLL and Judge CLARK expressed their readiness to resign from the ticket if it would aid Belland Everett. IMr. ROBESON asked if the ex-Committee were in- vented with-powerr to change the ticket as theyj>lea»ed.The CHAIR r*p2 ed that thfy were.Mr. ROBESON moved as an amendment, ".provided always that that Committee place in nomination for the support of the Bell and Everett party no man not known and pledged to be for Bell and Everett."[" Good, good-"] They could blink it no longer that there was a proposition from the supporter*of this mopt infamous end corrupt Administration to seek foe their sunport. f*' Who do vou speak for?"AVoiCE~rU tellyouwhohespeaksfor;heisaa office-holder under the Republican party./ Great confusion ensued. Mr. ROBESON inquired during many lucid intervals of the Convention if h e had the floor. Tbe President, however, did not recover from his obfuscation sufficiently to recognize Mr. Robe- son.Mr. E. E. READ vouched for Mr. RobeBon's-consti- tutional Bell and Everett sounlnese. 7Mr. Robeson'8 force of lungs accomplished what the President could or would not—secured him a bearing. He showed that they could consistently support none but Bell men.Confueion continued for about twenty minutes longer —it was finally ended by laying Mr. Robeson's moUo« on the' table, and adjourning to tbe call of the Chair.BEPUBLICAN MEETING AT G-RRENPOINT—^A LWCOLBT BAIL —A mass meeting was held a Greenpoint last evening, by the Seventeenth Ward Club of Brooklyn."-and loud was the contention as to which was the had met under extraordinary circumstances. As agenuine, bonarfide, original cheap-Jolm-from-California Democrat, educated as a Democrat, he was for the tlemen vote? .•: . , . i)regular Democratic Convention. Conventions were success oi Democratic principles. But if they couldMr. SPEER said if the vote of New-Jersey would not.elect, tlien these gentlemen could vote according to their taste and feeling.The Committee on nominations then reported the following names for Electors: Por Senatorial Electors,;plenty in Trenton yesterday. There were No. 1 and No. 2 of regular Democracy, a Union, and rumors of various other Conventions. The Trenton Honse, the headquarters of the State Central Committee, was crowded to overflowing, early in the morning, with regularsofbothclasses. Everybodyseemedtobein the greatest haste to explain his favorite dogma; every- body talked at a moat rapid rate, and gesticulated inproportion, till the confusion which reigned at Babel appeared to be realized in this generation of latter-day sinners. The prominent words in this ceaseless, buzz of talk, were ""Breckinridge," "Douglas," " Fusion," "Bolt," "Caucus," " A separate ticket, Sir," "See you d—n first;" occasionally the words "Bell and Everest," and semi occasionally, and very faintly, as if the echo of some far-off voice, " Peace and Harmony." We heard once or twice a definition of the wordnot elect a Democratic President, they should elect one who would at least preserve the Union and the Con- stitution. Still, he thought they should wait the report of the Committee on Conference.Mr. V. S. LITGREAVES was alsb of opinion that the Democratic party had met in times of perilj and it be- camethemtoactasDemocratsandpatriots. If,as they professed*to believe, the Buccesa of the-Republi- cans would result in dissolution, the motto of every Democrat should be, "Union.for the sake of the Union !" They were called to surrender a principle, and let us tell the people there are times when the sur- render of a lesser principle is a duty to every patriot. He would liken this question to the' captain of a ship who. casts over a part of his cargo to save his ship. Also, to .Hickory Jackson [cheers], who'proclaimed martial law at New-Orleans, and thus saved the coun- try. What are these principles? On the one hand, one party eay s the people of a Territory should have a right to exclude. Slavery; another party say Congress should intervene to protect it; but both admit that the,: people, when they come to form a Constitution, have the power to exclude Slavery. For.this difference many are willing to sacrifice the party. 'Edwin A Stevens andPeter D. Brown. Electors:For District" regular," but so metaphysical and indefinite has thisterm become in the divided ranks of the Democracy,and especially of the Jersey Democracy, that we for--bear any attempt to make it plain. Rumors ofall kinds,innumerable in quantity, of propositions made fromthat faction to this, and from this one to that; detailsof bargain aod sale; denials of the same; bitter wrang-lings over the regular Presidential candidates; notf" Mr. LITGREAVES continued—Nine-tenths of theResolutions of thanks were passed to the President and other ofiicers of the meeting. The President made a few remarks, pledging the State of New-Jersey to the Union, now and forever. [Beceived with cheers.]The Convention adjourned sine die, with three cheers for Breckinridge and Lane, and innumerable cheers for everybody else.It is understood that these three men, thus proposed to be put on the Democratic electoral ticket, are and bave been strong Americans and Know-Nothings. It is not understood how the foreign voters in the Demo-cratic party will like this arrangement.'THE DOUGLAS CONVENTION.Those members of the Democratic party in New- Jersey, who claim that S. A . Douglas is the regularDalton's Hall is the upper story of a.'small goceiy The Wigwam, near Franklin avenue, was crowded toOpposite the American House. It contained a quantity itf utmost capacity, and numbers thronged around the of barrels, boxes, and tbe general rubbish*of the busi- doors on the outside ground. A large delegation ofng88 carried on below, beside 39 settees witi wooden'1scats; intheeveningitislightedwiihgasfromsix ladieswereattentivelistenersandspectators. Mr.J.Ia little cursing and a great deal more drinking; made the Trenton House the center of an intense excitement, from whence it radiated throughout the city, like spokes from the hub of a wheeLDemocracy care nothing about this question. The; sist©insupportinghim, have been troubled latelyforpointed temporary Chairman, and Jas. Stratton of long, was received with applause. To prevent all Burlington and Chas. D . Dashler of The American doubt as to its identity, it was accompanied by certifi-Standard of Jersey City, Secretaries. cates duly verified, of one of which the following is, a Committees on permanent organization and on reso-lutions were then appointed bythe persons present copiv:: '1 Jsome of the delegations to the Regular . Convention were only partially full, larcre defections having taken place in favor of the Douglas Convention. Before 12 o'clock, the Regulars had nearly all assembled at the State House; andJacob G. Tomlir>, Gloucester; Mr. Bradway, Salem: G.'W. El-uaMacon County."Attest, B.J. OGLMBT."«J0HN X HAirK».At a little after 12, Mr. Perry called the Co'nveutionPresident pro rem..took the Chair amid great applause. He returned.his thanks to the representatives of tnethough the Douglasites are said to be in the majority.Precisely at 12, Mr. VANAfTA called the Cohventiou Morris. - Vth District—Cornelius Boice, Union; Atazt*6oudit,had they been assembled to perform more important duties than now. They had assembled' at a period wh*n the institutions of free government, Becured to us by the blood of our forefathers have become endan- gered by sectionalism and fanaticism. They were called upon to remove the obstacles in the path of theto order, and said, that after consulting with the friends Ensex; C D. Desbler, Hudson.of the regular nominees of' the party, it had been de- The Convention then adjourned for dinner.cided to call this Convention. In the afternoon, there were about two hundred Col. CANNON of Bordentown, was nominated for present. Judge ROBESON, of the Committee on Or-ganization, reported the Hon. Peter J. Clark for Pres- ident, 'a'Vio.-Presiderit.frOm each county (many if not most of tbepe were absent), and a Secretary from oachThere ie, the Judge said,, a dangerous party in the our midst,.against whom it is the duty of all patriots to should maintain the equality recognized by the father8,^ unite. He referred .'to the Bell and Everett men;and keep the covenant. The Democratic party ot New-Jersey was twin-born with the Constitution, and •when one dies the other will cease to exist. They should preserve the integrity of the Union, and have it understood by .their bretnren everywhere that on this question they know no North, no. South, no East, no West, but stand ready to maintain inviolate the covenant. .and laid at the feet of 4he Democracy all their old dogmas as conquered, and say that they are with.them for the Union and for the Constitution. What Denio- crat can fail to unite with them ? He argued that they should not throw away their voteB like fools. But the Bell and Everett men are throwing themselves in the breach; and the Democrats should go with them, and let New-Jersey be once more the bulwark againstThe rules of .the last Democratic Convention were tion. He declined to do so; but when the nominationCarried. The Committee was appointed, with the ex- ception of Mercer County and Cumberland, no one answering from those Counties.The question of rules wasreferred to the same Com- mittee. . . , _, •'DAMrxHoLJTAN, of Bergen County, moved a Com- mitteeofonefromeachcountyonCredentials. The Committeewasappointed. . . .On motion of Mr. A. J. ROC.KKS of Sussex County, a Committee also of one from each County, was ap- pointed onJResolutione. ;, ",A motion mas made to adjourn till 2 o clock. Mr. J. D F I E L D of Middlesex asked that it be withdrawn that he might submit a notion, that the Convention be opened with praver when it meets again. Agreed to.[The cheeis and yells that followed this remark were like the roar of Tammany in its undivided days.] He was glad to see so much strength in the Democratic party; he confessed they had a nard row to hoe; but he knew the Democracy would go to work with a will. He had etumpted this State when the Democracy had no chance, till now it was a Democratic State. The JudgereceivedsixrousingcheersafterhehadfinishedAmid loud cries Mr. THOMAS DUNN ENGLISH rose.He said he had no fears from any division, or becausesome few had given way to man-worship. The lead-ers of the Dcmceraric party were but their Executiveofficers, and if they faltered they were deposed, andothers pot in their. places. The policy of the Demo-cratic party was based on the necessities of the coun-try, and it must advance. Hesaid there WSB no Statein the Union, north or south, so debased that it wouldnot fight for its righte. He felt rather encouraged atthe prospect of the canvass, and thought they couldyet give the electoral vote of New-Jersey against therailspletter, Lincoln: Many are even now ready toleave that black party. He admitted there was cor-ruption in the Democratic party that stunk; but if theywouldbutlookatthelastCongressortheNew-YorkLegislature, they would-be obliged to hold then' moralnoses, for the smell that rises to heaven. He said heWas tired; of hearing about the eternal and abominablebJioUed, That w e heartily raiifv the nomination* ef John Bellof Tennessee for President/ and Edward Everett of Massaclm-sett» for Vioe-Preridtnts, iwdiBtingjrished patriots, able and expe-rienced statesmen, and lifelong:supporters of the '• Union, theCcmatitution,andtheLaw«,»againstwhomnonehaveorcan shipAlabama,bound-east..Ju„ly,^.mlat&P?03', raise a valid obj-ction.and yells.] , » v^ .. [£ Mr.H.D.JOHNSON moved to amend, so.thattheCommHtee could meeta Committee from the Bell and. Everett Convention, and aUo one from the Douglas,it .„..lw.u„v... (Greatcheers.] liewanWtttUeKe- DemocratiicNatiionallConventionhalat^rlWyfhco<h•*ll[PchBi«rt»hVdW i^/avor ofPrbt*ctUna, anddechwedthatthepajpty publicanstocomeuptothemark,andinsteadofsaymy adoptthesameplatformof.principles,laratpeofTtothegjpj^ whichpreventedus frommanufacturkigourow^pro- theheart. Laddsayait^ »Mr. SPEER—if the gentleman will excuse me a mo- ment. The Committee of five will please folio w me to the door.burners, two of which are devoted to the illumination of the. Speaker.K. Stearns, the President of the Club, occupied the chair. Mr.Wm. McDermott presented to the]Club one of the famous rails split by the Republican stand-The CHAIR—The1 gentleman speaking is one of that Committee. [Cheers, and roars of. laughter.]At noon. Col. J. W . ALLEN called the Convention tonominee, and that the one element of regularity con- order and Judge JOHN PURINE of Middlesex was ap- ard-bearer. The rail, a rough stick, about ten feetwith the Democratic party. They also recommend to the Convention that its President direct a letter to each of the electors that: may be, named by the CommitteeiWge, which declaresthe rights of prop«rty «np*rior to'any per- sonal richts of free men, and which avow* it* purpose to be to ?reripitfte upon n» all the evils of disunion unlesi a Southern, fac-ionis permittod to rule the whole Union.Jtcaolvtd,lTliis repoH was adopted unaoimously, and a general1.JohnR.Sickler.3,PeterJ.Clark,' 4 . Becjamin Williamson;2. Cbailes G. McCheBney.•-.'., , 5. William McDonald. 'confution, cheers, yells, and applause followed. length the President restored order. > "i('"•'. 'A tfear tl at the Convention called by a majority of theState Committee was in favor of one J. C. Breckin-ricge. Accordingly, they called a counter Conventionto meet in Temperance Hall, in Trenton, yesterday, at12 o'clock. The delegates came pouring intothe cityearly and long before either Conventions met; it wasdifficult to tell which regular nominee had the strong-honor and interest,of the country might be safely com- mitted to either of the Democratic candidates, and he would sacrifice minor differences to- save a great prin- ciple. L e t .the Democracy of New-Jersey move on, and they w^ll have the consciousness of having done theirduty. » . 'Mr. J;"B. WARD said he was in favor of the Com- mittee of Conference, and so he believed were the del- egates from Essex.The previous question was asked for, and granted, and the motion of the member from Middlesex (Mr. Speer) carried. ' •In forming this Committee of one from each county, a contest arose between the Native and the Irish mem- bers from Essex County as to which should have the member. On voting, tne Irish gained the victory.A recess was' taken for an hour to allow the Com- mittees to prepare a report.P^'Four'.o'clock having arrived, the CHAIR called the Convention to order, and, the. Committees not being ready to report, Judge NAAR was called upon, and rose amid a storm of applause. He said he felt almost embarrassed, but had frequently the honor to address the Democracy of, New-Jersey. Perhaps they had never met on so. important an occasion. For the first time since 1824 a t least, they presented a divided front to the enemy, but by ho fault of theirs. Ne greater calamity could befall this nation than the success of the so-called Republican party, and Democrats were in duty bound to make sacrifice of feeling and passion to save the country. . [Cheers.]. Their action to day was to this end, and be hoped it would be successful. ,Robt. S. Green was elected Secretary, a nd A. Jack-man who insisted on coming in, as he said he haa a son, ABbsistant. One Vice-President for each county ourcandidBte for the Vice-Presidency, Mr. Everett."DECATOB, DL, May 26. I860.—I do hereby certify that the ten rails aent by rsilrosd this day to the address of John H^ppsc.Springfield, UlinolR, are from a lot of 3,000 made by Abraham jpnngne—, , , „ _ . -, Decatur,speech, full of devotion to the Union and to Bell and Everett.was appointed. A cry of fire was raised in the street [Applause.]. I must say that I found mm in excellent during the calling of names, but after the first momen- health and m excellent spirits. Mr. Everett told me tary confusion not a person left the room. * that he had desired to spend the remnant of his life inMi. CORELL moved that a Committee of one from .privacy; that he had been called upon by the delega-each county, be appointed as a Committee on Resolu- tion from his own Stateto Baltimore to allow the use remnants of the old Whig party; but they came now tions. A greed to, and the Committee appointed.' of his name for the first office within the gift of the na-[Quite a confusion occurred at the door, caused by aCol PETTON—On Thursday, I spent an hour withISlowcitkenssay^^^^of Mr. Euglishis speech caUedfortb.'the special applause oftheiibsemhiedDemocracy.] :is stood during th» pant twelve y«a«( and ..th& British when they refused to allow the Colonies lady, the whole affcir would have ^ .^Lich'4e.Don wrXlo p?arfty tf New Jcriey, in eight different J **$?<**£ 9Untitled Document/II•V..',;.-1v-.,...••lind'fl prescrlbi-d by the'Coristitntionof the TJnit«d 8tates—we 'shallrivethosecandidate*ourunited,earnest,andactive«up^ port,unawedbythreats from any quarter,andunrestrained by any amount of-official proBcription and persecution.^, <^JVJW^VA ^\Tt°«° o^ortwofrom that5S5 !fi&Ai ?U t *$&<&** ^ doit,becauseitrSSStS I f e }?*$ ^wing agooddealofdust in the eyes of old Abe Lincoln, the ^rail-splitter;I claim to be a reasonable man, -We've got a^ Mae*Convention of common-sense m e n , . ^ ov> fcr princepie.and who.are ready to carry wit.theV prinoiplea, werenocontested seats. Each township andcounty theplaceof thesegentlemen. •Thiswouldexplainthe theirchoice,of his successor,as atonce derogatorytothepost That'severy-day.jackass^common sense,and I lookThe Committee on Credentials reported that'thereMr.i.HALL said he was mistaken-,hethoughtthe n6t bogus; I hope the Chairman will understand. letter was to be written only to the other electors. .alongspeech,totheeffectthatthecourseofthePresi- dent is interfering with the^wishes of the-people, derog- atory to his official position, and jsubversive of the liberties of lite people. 'r.; The report was, adopted with enthusiasm. _ " Mr.] SPEER said the recommendation of the Com- • The following additional resolution was then offeredA-party without any.distinctionT ' \.•[. •;"'X.' ^ •' mitteewasthaithePresidentdirectletter8totbesemen;matter.- ,"•• . ' . ' • ' . . ,>.:.•. «,.•••; . . ': • tion he occupies and dangerous to theliberties of the people. Mr. SCOYILL offered a resolution and supported it inJtt was moved that these three names be referred to the Committee now in session. Carried. . - , . •'The report of the Negotiating Committee was adopted. '•vacancies inthe ticket for electors that might occur by 1Mr. SPEER said as a basis of Union he would offer tion adjourned sine die.••:•.• s 'tbe following resolution: ', ,..,.'' . .... Resolved,Tfiatinthe.selectionofanelectoralticketbytheI • ••THE BELL-EVEKETT CONVEOTION.".hfir'yAest force in numbers. The war of words between the well, Camden; E. E. Read Camden. H& District—Jno. G. Ste-!two factions waxed fierce, and still more.fierce as thesun grew hotter.' The friends of Stephen A. claimtbatthe other Convention was packed by the wire-pullers; but that the masses in the State were ia favorof Douglas; consequently they would not submit tothis cheating of the.'people... On the other hand theDouglns men were characterized as outsiders, irregu-lar, boltere, and diaorganizerte. . H might makcte right,it is not eaty to tell -which of these parties iscqireco,vens, Mercer; Jno. Jennirgs. Burlington; Jacob H. Herberj, Monmouth: A . S. LivingHton, Mercer; Jno W . Bartlesou, Mon- w<nth ITIdpistrict--W.P.Robeson.Warren;Aug.BalLSom eiset; BJynier Veghte, do "W. D. Hoagland. Middlesex; Joseph Serviss Hunterdon IVth; District—Dr. Stewart. Sussex; A . H . Condirt, Morris; S. A.Van Saun. Passaic: Geo.Worden,do. John VanBunkirk, Bergen. Vth Dittrict—F. B. Betts, Hudson; Geo. Peters, Essex •, N . Stetson, do.; -Wt. M. Whitehead, Unionf D.S.Oatrom,Essex.ON KBSOLUTIONS—IB\ DiBtrict—Alden C. Soovel, C«mden; Jos. Franklin, Gloucester; Geo. Robeson. Camden. l i d District —J. W . Allen. Buriincton; Jos. F . Randolph. Mercer; Dr. J. T. Woodhull, Monmouih; A . W . Dunham, Hunterdon; John W . Wycltofr.;Somerfet; David Biohop. Middlesex. IVth District— J R. Stewart, Sussex; Ckas. Inglis, jr., Passaic; A. W . Cutler,mark. JChairman, but he declined in favor of Ex-GrOV. FORD,who then took.the chair amid applause He said thiswas an. unexpected honor, for which he returned histhanks. It was unnecessary for him to say more than Congressional District. Mr. CLARK made a uttle,Raolved, That w e are in favor of the Union aa it is, and op- posed to the effdrts of all secUonalists aud others to weaken, undermine or destroy i t •Rttolved, That w e earnestly support the Constitution, with all its provisions and compromises as intended and welt calculated to protect and support our national-industry, prosperity, and in- dt-pci?de:,ce. ft'Itetolved, That the constitutional_. agitation of t^e Slavery uestion, either for the protection or prevention ofSlavery b ysteamship witxwhite long. 62° 31', passed a Britaeh atm lat. 41^04; long- ports, bound «u?t. July 24. A 7JJ„"\^ 1 " ^67" 38^, passed Hanoverian b n g .Adeline, b o w tow£. The Bremen^ news has been anticipated. The follo.W-M'fsa-tn-H. earfeSBsaflwHSi^ISE mMini adoptedatBttUimoreTandwealsoaccrptandratifythenotniniS-Bornelength, and after someotherremarks the Conven-Mr. YARD, who saidb ehad left tbe Democratic party that morning to find peace in this party, but he Tbe resolution was amended by striking out "in pro- ciples and would get no pay for tbem, since the Repub- now saw that they were going to carry out what waiutes being taken for that purpose. were as follows:The CommitteesunDvceasary in the. present state of the oountry and its Terri- tories, tends greatly to excite sectional dirisions merely to pro- mote the ambitious ordsngereut views of designing men, aud endangers the safety of th» Union, and ought'therefore to be dls- countensneed and frowneAdown by every friend of his country.lady, Mr*. Marsden and aen.Ito"the"wo»ds,shotXtwds—- duotawas 'guilty of prdoisely the aame oppression as had not been cauae of jealoujgr » t i g M*» « VW * irtngthji sftwts p^rioai has etrpreMly iaa'^l*o manufacture, fie could not repress. b>, Nativism. dJe^n* t! lt«. a\dAd its«Ui« «cuns«toftdAyv..'»,.:;-^./i^ ^> M<?1 #& 'f '-*Mr.BRA»LET ofWashington t> r ««nr«wiAM 4d b thioIcan^ tMnt, C" TnatvSSoftheCommittee onResolutions.July16,inInt.490 3',long.2& W>iP*wod British 0§ Thomas M. Tryniski 309 South 4th Street Fulton New York 13069..,,_www.fultonhistory.com'•"; •:, ••<. 