 •*. — sbaH;soditwllhe so natl theasomsntin whi,:HtheU-n Anstrim leaves Veaio*.If tb« 'tate of tbiogs c»ntinj|ie as It It for a let" oftwo, there w in b s nutblBf but empty aautei ta Veo"7e. AH i c e V tut s o t wt'i ha»o l#ft lo r Lo-n'iardv.AftsrAvedaysIquitteoVeoyoeandreti-u^1toMilts wihabroken b-ait Ihave|reainnIna*»iyai1i> iesth,but•%w.sthe flst timethat1hni s^eaacitji-i Bg'ay and -o death.tian*—A I>»b»enaeOwnsPoor Pataee*In ihf 'Mr "**Venter—Grand B-tlt by po*ee*sed.acco-ding tothsstjMeirtaU of"i»ttravelee,• " — "*~~TheCohunbiaandHitwionWa- gon Road Expedition.Oar EsptnlUiaaarr Correspondence. CAMI-ATIfcrrKMRootMocsrtAias,Nor.-6,lfilft./*i^.»*of fAe Work Under Li*U MnlUtn, uf Ou: Umited,vawArmy-ArtanermenU farPM*»0 "* vr<nh-Tht Corks,withthemalls,hasnotyetarrived. rraatcaftt;iV of the Ro*U~P***a9' Ottr Part */<*<,V«« Ri*re ly Ornvmrnnt trxipt and Wagont—Tke lhpe-m Hi.m SIGHTSINGOTHAM.iSflA 1.1tUe Work for th* PolleawThe s del Artists, AaatorntealThere ore many esser thtoaathiBedyTheGreenockddt«fi*r,underthecaptionof"roman- •mrj day,ofwhichitIsnottic union." says:—A maniage was celebrated a t St. John's great bulk of th e people know almost *BtNtfc**d7ni Episcopal chapel on Thursday. Mr. Thomas Pendred, of sabjects of the mighty kingdom of Dnhotoer ora b*. Dublin, a member of the orchestra o f the Theatre Royal,wasonboard thePersia last aummeronavoyage fromNew York, whoa a lady passenger, Miss Marie Kohli, ofTHe Author of "Moats Crista*' Cpam 1-a-IHI*> •**»»» Affaire tn the Lotbhardo-V t . t i u u t*r.,vi«*cr»—i*r»pt»*e g>es*rlB»-!!»•• «»*Itollon Hatredto A***t****aT|r-r»o_> '<•*'»«Tbe»tr»t—Haeari to SXlatrV It tor £ m s n a * i - K i i > a < u o f tit* V e n e -The Almaden Mine*-Licensing a Littery Prue-MarriagesSpirUvaUtU—Smittoand D*aOu,dc.,4c.TnMattns-The TPtwtrr, 4c«efld«ww for tke JBrpedtttob Zhtrtbf M e(aaatoa kaowa to the present feeereuou.many things o f which, uafortoaatetylarge a number o f persons know altogether too iTheeastrollthroughChathamstreet mart cfHebrewdomintoncity,ntjj'•1 tn>» i f Parts *eclt tor theSawYou*Hs- mm]fell overboard, t h s strip being then under full Mr. Pendred leapt after her, and was the means or saving her life, and this gallant action led to the happy«*•.from the Feeje* Islauds, bona from tbe most dittuof to«gtobe,*lepli*4inar^etenliaaidata,Baeaaedi clothed t a fantastic eoatamea. in the m e n extraordinary i titudes, sndp«T^nniiigthemoBtterriBcfeata,aad,inBtot nearly everything dreamed or not dreamed of "m yL> p ^ losophy,'• o n mixed up in one grand coufustee sad stmVW::A» lai 42—Toreeo'clocklathemorning.1' m |«iK3aiu/ »as a mare iniportml tuiag,you wou:i(»*that1amelalia*.A3itis,Iwincontentrajaeift*U'l.tg«••>'tsai1ai»alMilan. lareg*/it••v.t»tt1amdntngmtuecapitalofLombardyI w i t h t o » a y V< y o u I a m - , ' t t r o f , L # t h > m i d s t o f t h e moat u.c..«i u:>-imatioa,aa4 aulto great oscarrea-wsYoureceivedintelligencetouchingthisImportantworkearlyinthecurrentmonth.Iturnthedepartureofan-o t h e r e x p r e s s t o W a l l * W a l l a t o g o o d a c c o u n t , a n d a g a i npost jou upon ourmovements since themailingofmylast letter. Lieut Mullen's advance party of axemen andlaborers have been employed for the past three weeks In titions. A firm representation wiU be mode to Shngressevent which h a s taken place. IthasbeenstatedthataMile.Troche,adescendantofarepa.»iu« iw:T«my eyes, fetters from nittory <-ft.sibUdtItalyandthe•toro f».Garittai i h: j.«-if—a ibing which ho has never bef>re The rplencidCarnaropalace is turned into a pawnbroker swhicha r ecempletelybotes,wUiii**idofwhichIwrru.hahistory,tawhich, prtun *•«}»<* »* .1 may be, there u nothing of uclioa.i will bi•:•*pcefwtto meia a fe« <IAI* ailthai I hare, and I wul i».iuFui y*u io good tm ? >f tuj return. •B u t e v r r>u> t t i c e e e d e a c h o t t i r r * i t h * « i o h s p e e d e n d r a - pidity thai u. » letter, which wiilgtve you a prulty good idea of ti.e rttte of Venice, »hcr.i.J precede the otter*staiDBofVenetian splendor. Shehat.purchased four tlbich she bas repaired, aad it is certam that those, at trait wild remain asa memorial of what the others have" ' T W O o t b f r p a l a c e s b o u g h t , o h e b y t h e D u c h e s s d e B e r r i , the other by the Count de Ct»ambord, look mtjeaucally and mournful!^ down upon the ruin of the othersBitterroot MouuUins, following "Sohon's PaM;" this they accomplished on the evening of the 13th, made the de- scent (which involved n o work in grading),and a r e to d a y safely e-ncamped at the eastern base of the range. Mr. Cyrus Speogler, wagonmaater, has been ordered to taketo Interfere and remedy the evils which are BOW suffered by the mining population.The Board of Supervisors has offered to convey one of the public squares to the State a s a n inducement to locate the seat of government in San Francisco. Sacramento bas many enemies, and it is thought the efforts BOW mads to remove the capital will be successful.The Mexican Consul a t this port has presented a claim for salvage against the Austrian brig Ivich.E. T. Connor, United States Consul at Maxatlan, left yesterday for Mexico on the English steamship Forward. It is reported in Oregon that the anti Leoompton demo-crats and th e republicans had arranged to combine o n K. D. Baker—late anti-Lecompton a n d republican candidate for Congress in California—as their candidate for United Ststrs Senator.who married Mile, de Presto. This last couple had adaughter. Anne by name, sad she married Louis Mattoaade Radreta d'LUiers. Of the marriage of these last tw o amokeys, serpents, skeletons, Yenuses, Captds,i WM bora a son, Louis, sad h e marriel Madeline Rougede Montant This last couple had several cblleren, s a damongst them themother of Mile. Troche, sad anotherdaughter, Anne, who is married to M. Chouilloux, writingmaster at the College for S t Louis. M.aad Mme Chouil-loux have three daughters, who necessarily stand l a th ssame relation to Racine as Mile Troche does.I bar • )um p»#*«wi Ave days in V oi -? Thu time theAustrian'poU*. mote indulgent to me taaa la 1834 aad which Venice will return Into the bosom of the Adriatic,The Dublin Fretmnt Journal, understands engagements o f Mile. Piccotomini will terminate ia March, and tbat she will then leave the stage, IB accordance to the wish of her family. It is almost to be regretted that her position makes this pnblicffavorite independent o f t h e profession which a n [ardent love o f art induced her t o adopt There will b e n o formal farewell, and t h e retire- ment o f Mile. Piccotomini will b e a s unexpected a e her ab- sence will be deplored. [It is understood in American musical circles teat Mile. Piccotomini will make a tear through t h e United States beforo s h e retires from t h e stage]Sigtor Giugltni has just commenced—at the small salary of £30 per night—a short engagement a t La Scale, Milan. His debut was attended with the greatest possible success. He was called for no less than ten times in the course of the evening.Mr. E. T^ Smith pays £4,000 per annum rental for Drury Lane theatre.184J, lot m - rat*. ... You uutut rorni an idea of the gloom of >ealoe Ailthe tbSbt. « 1*" closed.At aHere whou Veal;*cuttoraardyretoiiutowithexultaolaboy.*. wtiea thousand* o- oust* Ml fie street*, Venice w *>«.»> end silent as a dyio| persoaCoe.c»i»«- of tb« theatres being ct-it>d oo the Gth of J»naary at iLf ronsnieaeemebi ui tha CarniTal, whsa lh»-y mediately Milan—at that moment the oasis of Iu'y—gotston, which cannot foil to harrow up to the sigiiba the imagination of the* •asophbtiiHsdsuch s a eetabtnhmaat an t h h , Josh, freest from'awaydown East," with bis head shack fufi tcutest o f cute Meat, stops sad surreys the 1spread before hisgase, with gaping sad stiassedsym resvery impersooaUea of mute aetoalshreeot On one of toe pieces o f bedaubed canvass h e beholds " the miraculous manwholiveaentirelyonstones, sealedonashair,sa immense pita of rocks atoo*tide, a table attheiia tbe act of beginning his most indigestible coiiauaa.' Ths name of this marvelloua betog Is MOBS. Uplfllnims bostmeifyoucano, or something else eeuallyand farfetched. Another picture exhib-busaallT overrtow w;th ptople, and closed tUroogh a want of specular*' _. .Th» Vcnueus, without arm*, without m-*QS or de Itpce DM having even a swor.i or pair of pistils iu their house*. *.th which to reseat or awage %permoatl lattut, are BISKnnrar«oontb« Aost%i*a.alter theterriblewar of 49 w»>i-h t-rmjife i with lbsmsrairable siege wUicii weaUkni.w —Wu-^ets maaiagasttil more tsrrfble w ar upon the v>-ti>ao Venice waged this war with an ob ennat" aad .Mermine ! oppoe.u.o, vjaiast whi^h ctnt.ns wer» ;ina". log, a;.J trials SD: iJupr.joD»aeot little more.Lieutenant White, oomrnocding the escort, has receivedfrom every lecturer o n spiritualism, a n d that the fees s o collected shall be paid into the public treasury for the benefit of th e Insane Asylum. Latterly t h e princ pal towns bare been infested wilh a number o f these dan- gerous characters, w h o have succeeded ia poisoning the minds of a number of persons, and even des troying their reason. A late importation fromSiitv «.i iH-saod Veaetiaus btveqiitted Veaioe, the cf mourning for France. THe Milanea.* respected thatmals and wagons, will have passed the mountains by the 22d Inst.Thus far what bas long been judged as an extensive, impenetrable mountain section, without a redeeming fea- ture, b y many self-constituted wiseacres, and utterly im - practicable for an emigrant route, has been, for 270 miles, (our present distance from th e initial point), converted into an ea?y, feasible wsgon road, over which an emigrant trainmaypssswithouttheleastdifficulty. Toeffectthis, however, though nature has helped much, has involved ooosiderable labor and perseverance. Indeed, the Stal- wcrth laborers, sons of America, Ireland a n d Germany, have done all of which human energy was capable; forty- one milei bate sufficed to test their calibre and endunog power; their toils have beeu without murmur, encouraged as they have been by the untiring energy and good judg ment of theofficer in command.The principal portion of the labor has comprised felling Ihick fjresis of pinc,cedar,spruce,furand hemlock trees, grading and rock clearing. It is a consolation to look back upon what has been done and to know that thein which h e performed a trick o f tying himself while shut up in a box. H e claimed that the spirit o f a certain Jack Williams, drowned a f e w years ago in Lake Michigan, w a s entitled to the credit ot the operation. The dupes of spirit ualum said they believed the story, but a certain Doctor Irwin did the same thing in a shorter time than Collins, without supernatural aid, in presence o f a large audience, at the Opera House. The humbug was thus exposed.Joseph Bulseon and wife sued August Simon to recover $3,126, being t h e o n e thirty second part o f a $100,000 prize ticket drawn in the Havana lottery by Madame Buisson. It appeared that Simon was entrusted with the custody of one sixteenth share of the ticket, and on re- ceipt of th e money ($ti,260,), h e retained one half th e amount, claiming that ho was in partnership with Mons.stone m an after flnishirg one of b is M.JullienIsabouttosetuphisorchestrataParis. He in aa erect position, the osotr* of a group ofg-alefol be* t we ih»a*\ Ton beforfliaud.For the rest, from this time to within o n e month, IVr.SETH* PmHSTHROPT tnunitesssuit*theirooavenittaae,Lathisgoodwork,ineoose-nuenee at the dourII r AO** u s sa.»*is. iThatlatherewi'.lbeaplatetoreoeives.1**iptitas1Kachout-oneufricgwasfreetogiveasItpleasedlitti The "Thea;r<> CaMo'took in 4.000 trance, s thing never beard of before. On the following day it closed; Its ex Binpiewasfollowedbyalltheothertheatrea.Punch, like theothers, was about to pack up his bag gsge. but the Austrian police ordered him to continue his represents!!•».*. Tunca was forced to obey.Butt'.eiiit'urnedoatthattheurchins didtwothings. They st.-ett hed r'pee and made tho*e fall who went to sse Punch Then sgatn they threw stones into the barracks.Therewasnowayofcontinuinglothefaceofsuchop position bitbetweenthewillofthepoliceandthedisap- probation or the riUzens, the mansger bethought himself ofa happy id. *.. He iutrodu^-1 among those who be- laboredPunchanewpersonage,whomheoveredwitha bonnet like that worn by the police, and caused three- rourtoe of the blows or which Punch is so profuse to fall uponhim. HenseforwardPunchwasnotonly reinstated In t h e m i n d o f t h e c i t i z e n s , b u t e n j o y e d a r u n , t h e c o n - tinuance of which was assured by the closing of the othertheatres, wbi.-.h destroyed a ll competition.Al Verona—let us return suddenly to Verona, for aredressed in this place.As iu everything that I do, people will sav that I amwriting a romance, but they will in the end recognise that it is history.Oneofourfellowcountrymensaidinmypresence,and I repeat after him this great truth— ^_^••No; Italy is not the land of the pegd. ' Atruthnevercanbetoooftetirepeated. \ALEXANDRE DTJMA3. P. 8 —TrEsruv MOB.II.VG, 10 o'clock.—Grave news basarrived from Rome. PrinceRospolihavingplacedhimKifatthehead ofademonstration of rich Roman noblemen, who had offered their peisons and their fortunes to the Pope, the people rushedincrowdstothepalace ofPrince Rospoli tode- mand from him an explanation of his intentionsanaltitudeof1,0C0feet,forthepurposeofdeterminingits position, and observing lunar "culminations," &c.This gentleman informs m e that h e h a s already collectedhighly impoaiantastronomicalresultsattheDalles(Oregob), as also at divers prominent points touching the lineof the road, viz at Walla Walla and Ooeur d'Alene Mis-sion. Mr.P.MEngel.forthepast fortnight, hasbeenactively engaged in takirjg in the typography of the linewhere it intersects the ColviUe wagon road, proceedingtbenee io the fort. lie returned to day, makiog a very D. A. Hill. favorablereportuponbistriptothecommanding officer.Jan. 22,Frederickandwhite Thedaaseusepickedupthebouqoetandcar rtedittoherlips,amidtoefranticplauditsofthebouse. Onthefollowing dayshewassummoned before theGov- ernor of th e town acid sharply reprimanded.'•But.'* asked s h e , "If they throw m e bojinets again what am I to Jo* 'ofpublicamusement,madeanappealtothecharityoftheinhabitantsofthecitybytheannouncement ofare-presentation without admission tickets, but at which acollection was to be made during the performance for thebenefit of the almost destitctf members of th e company.ciallythe"Northernline,"anditwillbegratifyingtothe friends of the measure to know that m e chief of this ex- pedition has shown his well known energy and ability in ft'tipg out, from time to time, smsll parties of competent engineers, w t h ample means and appliances at baud,EAOAW.—In SanFrancisco,Jan.23,MaryEagan,aged 34years.Fri.LKR —In Sacramento, Jan 26, C. L. Fuller.FriLEB.—In San Francisco, Jan. 23, Francisco William, son or Silas and Jane E . Fuller, aged 7 years, 1 month and 29 days.«0O,O0Ofr.TheRussian censorshiphasprohibitedtheperformance at the French Theatre of St. Petersburg or the " Pore i'rodigue," b y Alexander Dumas, Jrharmlessinitsway,and,indeed,tocertainrespects, good,inasmuchasitactaasan"eyeopener" uponthi verdant, and perhaps places them on their guard so as lo avoid tumbling into more danger**'.! predicaments. Un-"Iustesii of picking it np and kissing it, you oagh'. to crush it under your feet."All the avenues to the theatre were, towards seveno'clock in the evening, thronged with people. The police looking towards a complete topographical m ap, explora- HARRIS.—In Sacramento, Jan. 15. Davis H. Hirris, aTbe Impartial de Boulogne sur Mer contains tbe follow-' fortunately , there b a wort* species of entertainmen! of icg paragraph:—"Several musicians and amateurs of this "fered to tne unwary, into which alto the knowing one* town liave spoken to us of the very extraordinary talent are somet m et enticed, and over which the law has de manifested by a young child of eleven years of age—Mile. tided jurisdic'.ioa. Strtuge to say. however, this nui- Aame C , btought up in Boulogne, and belonging to sance htscontinued foryears unabated, andflouru>nesbVenice,whichattintime(tbttMmteljpeti*tv*dH,tft'ty thou^tn I rtmdoias. w*i|ch had even arethoisaid after the tail of therepublic/» 1797, htt to<iay ni in »re than from eight to nine biu-dradI have teen ln« list of tax*«. A property nethsg 35.1*' francs is taxed ti,*m frioct. IThat Is without taking fit» snicomt the losses cvtsed o y the AttStrtan army encaaiptug at the Urns of toe harvest in their fields a a d panuresThepalacrsarefallingetoneIbystoneNobodyhisaa Woaofrepairinghisho>is*.Whyshoildtheydos^ii theAufctriaosremaininV*oica|,uVeatoeanything buta c o n d ' m n c d c i t y * ^ • , , . , . . t H j >If Venicewerefiee,graciousheavens,inonemonththe palaceswouldsllberebillt , . ._^, ^The magnlflcent Foeoan palace has become a btrraclc^dents to e > prison—has hewn kind enough (o give m e bit Mademoiselle Tsglior i has had compasfOa on these re miking a practicable wagon road over the "divide" of thsThere is considerable excitement throughout the StateIn consequence of the persistent action of the UnitedStatestokeepingtheAlmadenquicksilverminesunderin-Jt»ctfc». There is great distress in Santa Clara countyamong the working men who have been thrown e a t ofemployment, and th e miners generally are obliged to p a yhigh pttees for quicksilver—an article, a s is wellkaowa,absolutelynecessarytocarryaaminingopera-tions.AmeetingwasheldafewdayssincesiBaaJose, Racine.hasbeenplacediaaconventatBloistobeedu-l b * il. !»««:.«> f u r t b c V c s t c t l a a K i w c ltlH_(;,r <• Polling Off it* tbe Maim- er of \ rnrtion Gt>nd-tta»— Bxtraerdl-nary Srtne a t tike Theatre o f Verotta.*Matures tf the Erpsdttfsa- B^'^tiom-B»damw*t0»*The ball w «suacept.bibty, entirely personal as it was, and postponed t&e bail to tlonday, the 23d.There was then time to inform Venice ef the pious in- tentionofhersisterMilan.Six Venetian ladies, of tlie first families oC Venice, arrived yesterday.They brosgbt the tbankt Of Venice and one of those bouquets which are only madi* ia ItalyItwasAvefeetwile,andWadexposedin the entrance hall.The Venetian Udies were present at the ball, but thsy ObiT were robed in mourning; only they did not daace.lii the midst of UM«IC, of pteature. of joy, they seemed to symbolize grief. In the naJst of life a a l motion, they represented ,teath and immobility.Towards nn tnight there arrwed, by a telegraphic dei- patch, th e news t..at in consequence of events in Veroaa, of which I b.tr-i informed yon, that city was to be placed under martialIsw.Y o u w d l c a l l k> n v n d t h e b a l l g i v e n m 1 S 2 9 s t t h e P a l a i s Rcval, the residence of tbo Duke of Orleans—a ball in whith H. de Salvundy made use of those words which Dave siree become historical: "W e are dancing on a vol- cano" I reply to yo" that yesterday's ball, w,kh these gitetenirjfs of epauleties, those clashiugs of swords, aad these sighs of exiles, felt Its Vesuvius and its Etna, at least as much as that of the IVai* Royal.Among the most beautiful ladies at the wall there aavepopuian «. :• so ..iiiiinisb-d tt»*t Maria hat passed a ds- cre« f)v *»uirh u acaojtic-stbati > -re will be no conscrip- U ii Ui"> * • »rTbi»en.»>ai'aisf.a»erna!lt reoiredbytheM>l»n»«, who La •cted a romnuttcs on Vnuetlan Emigration, of wti c! ;M , ;i i Vr-noana U i'reaSH'ntTh:» c> •'nriuee Da« alr'a^y *-u' l> the Centra! Army of luly 10 i! v-tetiani w.ia arnw aud baggagetiesi'Va V.ui<-*.Trev.i*andV:>'O/*haveneitherptide sUios cur : a n . a i c .iiECiis £..'er> ooly refu»ss u d>arir work a* !•• i a* th* Austria:* remain ia VenetiaTwo w a tia»* bet-n opene-1 wittua three m>utha and read pul» • y This ia a form-*; ty indispensable to this k ad of c-•K-'i'merta. Tbey wtre ttxjse of tw o rich nolile-tnen uf V LI'.a, and piTeseeeed, as a principal claass, tnst the teats'. * ii* nher'.i.d their daughters if they married Austrian* >>r , ni'..'sa-;i » of Aus.r*.But D..i(unir >f a I thti is BO ttraiige, so ususual as fie closing <" t i e t'.ealKS. I h ire oOtamei a piay bill—'.tie last one—ter-' it is. ^upixw only the Italia forthe Irenchtrai s!a'>< L. waj;h I givu *ord for ward —TMPaTRB OAI-'A» \ HkS :t?.;taI>aTTO. Wddue*l*j .'an 1* IHetl, at«j» o'clock,will be ylatevl lor lb* beuaSl of ihe r.imie eaden »J >l DKI.N1 \*;> 1*11!.>A,who fo' this Liu-, a i d In order to J: aiuiah ttelr rxpeasss, bars o»»!aii.eJ 'he ih» theatre gratis.lie rei re-eiitaiioo witUjnsiat of toe very bi'illlant comedy, tn tare* »c'i. of AD«m ALSSKTI,K at;tiedII. MATRlMi M 8 OCOrLTi,**well»•'i.eifui.ifare-Inot.eaoienti;edL.N Z..i,'ANKLI,l> r * l HUtFUOOHI.T h e T f ) O J h a v e t h e b i I ; b e l o w c . > m > t h e w o r d s — OtSKKOl* V.i.Nl.IiAflS.We give youTll'.S F-A'TFAUSWKJ-L BKPRMEMTiriO»Hoptor I*>H'. j i will he slud enO'i^h to com mierate our- oo •l-ion and *eare to sure of rour e>a*uxtseratiJa, that wuh aand zealous astronomer of the expedition, bas been ordered No ptllawill bedWrtbnted the ts-o i»»«en«"iarlss trusttng to hope to have the pleasure of seeing many of theae evil* to establish his observatory upon the mountain summit, atproposes to give selections from ' T h e Messiah," " T o e Creation,'' "Elijah" and " S t PauL"admiring spectators, who are ia the act of testing th* reality o f the performance b y applying their ears to his abdomen, thumping him soundly oa the body, sadNEW YORK HERALD, SATURDAY; FEBRUARY 25, 1860.-TRIPLE SHEET.We may if things continue thus, calculate the period iu charge of the teamsters, proceed to the depot camp (which is thirty one miles in our rear), and bring up thefr*m which she arose fourtoes centuries sgo.On thev/.ede, something like a sombre cloud hovered over Venire »t the moment that I left it. A tempest rajedterribly tl ree days after m y departure.Four hundred arrests have taken place, as I have beeninformrd, and a fleet of emigrants, driven by the tempest,up a grand bail for the beneiit of the Venetian emigrants.The Viacount Venutsa put hirtaame at the head of the listfor the ball Ia forty-eight-hours 2,500 UckeU were orders to abandon the depot camp and marsh forward taken, and although the whole of the pioceeds were to goto the exiles, the Milanese merchants g&vs their apartmenu free aad defrayed themselves the ci.ienses of thebail.passed the Sou uer and were cast upon Lombardy. Im -i rains. They left here Oct. 13. Lieut. Mullen, who has been absent from the main body for the past two months, bush- r>£ the work forward across the mountains, also returned hither yesterday, and will exercise personal supervision over the trains. Everything is now on the qni i-ine, pre-(lied for Saturday, th e -2lst of January. Itwasslatedthaiasuperior >:.ceroftheFrencharmy would have protested again;tithe choice or that day, oa the ground that the 21st of January \> an anniversarythe whole under the general supervision of LieutenantsLyon and Howard. I predict that all hands, m e n , ani- Indiana, named Collins, gave some.exhibitions in this cltvbeeu mentioned the names of Madame the Duchess an I body of United States troops over a practicable mountainMadametheCottritessI.ita.Beside A the contribution of twenty millions imposed ia1^49 os_ita>?etzsky on the citv of Milan, the Duke of Litacuiottft and barefooted rascals; they canaot s i y tfie same of the Italian patriot-;.road inthisdistantregionwill certainlybeagrandand imposing sight.M r . T . K o l e c k i , t o p o g r a p h e r , h a s c o m p l e t e d t h e m a p p i n g of the line as far as the foot of the " divide," the branding of the mile posts en rout*, and the running of a lineof levels over the, same, with a view of obtaining aceurate railroad data, he. Mr. Jno. Weisner, the accomplishedlaid st Maybnry next aummer. The General Theatrical Fund hasvoted £3C0 for the p .rpose of buildiug oneof t h e h o u s e s -Mr. J W . Ianergans dramatic companv were playing at Kingston Jam . on the 28th January.The following were thesums paid by different theatres in 16X9 to dramatic authors and composers for the per formax.c*« of their piece*:—Opera Comique, 134,110 fr ; Porte Saint Martin, 87,636 fr.: TheatreFr*m;ais, 77,950fr ; PalaisRoyal,72,780fr;Varietes.72,204fr.;Vaudeville, 69,243 fr ; Gai.e, 68,241 fr ; Gymnase, 66,984 fr : Amblgu Coraique. 62,606 fr .. Theatre L yrique, 59.976 fr .; Opera, 47,V!9afr.;Folifs Drsmatique8,34,040fr ; Oleon, 2'»,946fr ; Delastementa Comiques, 19,943 fr.; Folies N'ouvelles (Theatre Dejazet), 11,466 fr .; Luxembourg, 4,733 fr .; Salle Mollere, 425 f> ; Theatre Italien, 2 9 2 fr : Herz's wm, 136fr.;Funambules, 46fr;andtheSalleBar- thslemy, 18 fr.within, th* aforesaid Josh plucks out a dime, pays his way, and ascends five stories to behold the performaasa. One* itk.de, it Is needles* to add that Josh finds s d m s e l f , i f n o t f u l l y , a t a l l e v e n t s o . a r r f in aa Btupid a fix as old Farmer Grams*, who. as th* story *»ys, once cam* to town, with bis daughter " s o fair and so bright." intending toseethecomet, snd wsstold that if thenight should he fine il would doubtless be seen near the " (heat Bear " The story explains bow Grumbo and his daugh- ter,notbeingdeeplyversedinastronomy,wereatatab to fled out tbe 'Great Bear,'' and how often making is- eutries tbey were"Straighttotheroyalmenagerieled. And there shown by the keeper the bear."The story, which is capitally told In verse, continues atfoJk>W8:—Now Grumbo, astonished, the*animals eyed, And the den be approached in great fear;SOO.OCO f r a n c s , a n d t h e C o u n t L i t a The French patriots have been accused of being jaitiw a s ( - r M p e l l e d t o " p a y 4CO00O.KXRBY—HAWX.—At theJan. 24, Alex. Kerby, Esq., of Butta county, to Harriet IIawn, of Yuba county.IJYERMORK—SKIICE —At Columbia, Toulumco county, Jan. 13, by the Rev. J. M. Caldwell, O. Livermore, of San Francisco, to Miss Gavina Selice.MKTKR—ETHAO.—InSacramento, Jan. 22, Frederick Meyer to Frances Etling.In a short time th e street of th e Corso and th e adjacentstreets were so greatly crowded that travelling WM inter tent and experienced explorers has constituted one rupted.AnarmedforcewagcompelledtoInterfereto element ofthe successoftheexpedition. From disperse the crowd. the above mentioned programme of topograph-It was feared that there would be a disturbance the ical assignments, you can readily imagine thatsamenight.A t t h e m o m e n t o f s c a l i n g t h i 3 l e t t e r I h a v e g o t t h eamount of the receipts, which have ascended to O.\000 francs. A Dthe features of the wide scope of country I n t e r v e n i n g b e t w e e n W a l l a - W a l l * v a l l e y a n d t h e B i t t o r - root range have been pretty extensively delineated. The investigations will go far to determine the feasibilities for arailroadline. Nosimilarpartyhaseverenteredthe fieldarmedwithbetterfacilitiesformakingupa generalThe following is from the Verona correspondent of a Loudonpaper,corroboratingthetestimonyofDumas:— AseriousdisturbancehsstakenplacetnVerona. ThekingtinetoemostAustriancityinItaly—atVeronatherewasadanseosewhowascreatingafmror*. Atone of her representations some one threw her a bouquet. dramatic company at the Ristori Tueatie, reduced to ex- railroad ivport, and shedding additional light upon the entied with an Italian tri colored ribbon—green, red, tremes by the refusal of the public to attend any places grossing subject of the day—the Pacific Railroad—espe- SO years, a native of Massachusetts.expected that some demonstration would follow, but did tion and survey of this long neglected region. native of England, aged 34 yearsThe dsr.sejae went away with the advice; but shewa* not know what form itwould take. About four thou- When you contemplate tha ulterior fru U that must flow HKALY.—In San Francisco, Jau. 26, Mr.Patrick Healy,cnlucky enn.i-h t> communicate It to some of her friends.The following day they threw her a bouquet, tied with ar boon, having the Austrian colors, yellow and black.Then the danseuse, obeying to the letterthe Injunction the audience, and waited until the band struck up the Pacific c<a-<ts of this country, the importance of this roal given herthedaybeforebythetJovernor,crushedthe overture,when,asifinobediencetoapreconcertedsig becomes obvious;anJnoman,breathingatitheofthe bouquet under her feet, amid the applause of nal.lhe cry of "Out'out"' was raised, and a general energy and public spirit which marlc the nineteenth cen- the house, uiril every flower was ground to powder.MAI.O\E.—In Saciamcnto. Jan 321, James Oregon, sou of obeyed the order g ven her by the Governor ; they were movement, took to their heels, and the dense multitude written editorials upon the Lmtory of the road and its ad- Patrick J. and Bridget C. Maione, aged 6 years and 9contentwthseniiDeheroutoltheplace. ThentheVe- issuingfrom thetheatredefiled inprocessionalongthe vantageshaveservedtoturntheattentionofthecountry months. ronesedidliketheVenetians.Theydetenunodtohave streets,witashoutsof"DeathtoAustriaIDownwith hitherwaid,andevokeforthisworkofnationalimprove- O'BRIEN—InSanFrancisco,Jan.26,Mrs.MaryAnn,There w ss no way of punishing her ; she h ti punctuallymiesarus of police, awed by this unexpected much concern and interest The HSJULD'S able and wellno more shows I w ss at Verona when thK decision w as arrivedat,1iniormedyouofitthenwith"certainty.But, on m y return to Venice, s^ven days s H>r this de-cision, and ttnditi^ myself again at Verona, 1learned thatour tyrants' Long life to Victor Emanuel, our King"' ment tbat degree of approval it so Well merits, and your Themarchthroughthecity wassaluted bytheapplause correspondent hopes theresults tospringfromtheline of the populate, and by an Improvised illumination from may claim still further notice in your co'ums.the windows of the houses. But the police 3oon recovered The act on of the last Congress upon this questionwaswife of John O'Brien, aged 30 years.PKARSON.—In San Francisco, b y drowning, Thomas Pear-son, a native of England, aged 40 years.ROBKXIN.—At Upper Agua Frii/Jan. 12, John Roberts.aged about 60 years.SKIDMORE —In San Juan, Monterey county , Jan. 1 3 , AR. Skidmore. aged about =6 years.STKVKXS —In jjicramento, Jan. 2 0 , Dcwitt C Stevens,formerly of Webtflcld, N . Y , aged 25 years.STAYTOX.—In San Francisco, Jan. 26, Wm. H. Stayton,native of Brooklyn, N . Y , aged 4 0 yearB.SHAW —In Stockton, Jan. 24, Emma, Infant daughter orWm. P.am!DoreasV.Shaw,aged(5months.VAN VRANKKX.—In Sacram ento Jan 20, J. A. Van Vran-ken, aged 60 yearsWILLIAMSON—AtTamarooBar. Jan. 18,WiU'am William-son, late of Marcy, Oneida county, N Y .Wixsiow.—In San Francisco, Jan. 2 3 , Adelaide, daugh-ter of Michael and Hannah Window, aged 2 months and 0 da\s.WILLIAMS —ID Alpha, Yuba county, Jan. 22JMary, only daughter of James Williams, aged about 1 year.ForclpjSt Theatrical a n d Musical Intelli- gence.On the 17th of January there was a remarkableandpomewhat portentous demonstration In t h e Nationaltheatre a l Pcstb. T h e piece given w a s 'George Branko-•>.itch," a renowned Raitzen (Servian) leader, who, in are called, is t"0 well known to rejeirea minm Ifn?-about to close his theatre, giving a la't representationl awhich awi'j the whele house vibrate—"Vive Garibaldi! the growing wheat crop will be a short one, a cor-the midst of this silence a sound was beard—a vosoe failure in that county. Ia view of the probabl'lty thatsame pound w a t repeated b y t w o thousand voices. It would have drowned the noise of thunder. At this for- midable cry. which would set all Venetia onLire,the Austrtaas hastened to open the doors. But the crowd, while pourxg forth, repeated th e c r y , which resounded all ughtinth•streetsof Verona.gests a remedy in the planting or M ty wheat, which he ing you of theadvantages forsettlement thesectionen- says is equally good and yields as much. It is also sug- joys, together with a description of soil, timber, climate,[From the Loudon Daily News, Jan.31.]Last night a version of Mr. Charles' Dickens' most recent novel, "A Tale of Two Cities,'' was produced atthe Lyceum theatre with success. Most of the works of our great novelist have been placed upon the stage. One e mwere lied with ribbons of the national colors of th e Mag- yars and Servians.withAhe secrets of our nature, wtle th- lasiiv o is stipe tile i«so plainly pandered to. While magnificent hfeaised Venujes, perfectly nude snd uncovered, are exp>ed to view inthemost voluptuous attiiudes.and no attemptt« made to screen the most nnchaste objects from the fa eral gaze, auch flimsy excuse* will not avail, and honest people will c o t cease to condemn.In the plates, which had bean stationed in various parts Missouri and the Columbia, and the dally improved means of the theatre, ia order to receive thecontributions of ot stram communication, common tothe Atlantic andtheLYO.VS.—In San Francisco, Jan 26, Maria, daughter of Patrick and Margaret Lyons, aged 17 monthsMACHAPO—At the Rancho San Pedro, Los Angeles county, Don Antonio Mschado, aged 72 years.MAT—InSanFrancisco, Jan 23,John GeorgeMay, aged 3 4 years and 6 month?. *thesentiment of mosic tosoeminentadegreethatshe tic*. Noefforthaseverbeenmadefatleantotheknow-rush took place in the uirection of thedoor. The com- tcry can watch the movements of thii party withouttheVeronese manager,lUetheVenetian manager,was fromthe-tuporoccasionedbythefirstsurprise,andcams instrict k,epintwiththe progressivapplritofthetime3.down upon the spot with a reinforcement of numbers. Ageneralengagementtook place,thecivilians werechargedin all directions with the bayonet; some ugly wounds weregiven and received. Ahoroe patrol w as overturned aadtrampled under foot, several officers.were disarmed, batfinally thetumult was quelled, the crowd dispersed,audcrowded, the ta;i.n had received 2,500 swanzicks, whi^h a number of persons left ia the custody of tho police l*?- are equal v discussing the merits of tb> project. Ha dilliwitli the taxnuatthedoor Itwas agreed thateachoneYou arc awa-e tLa' it was in a deplet:d state of the Trea eury,whin "retrenchment,'' «3itwere,wasproclaimed from the housetops, that the farseeing views ot such mou as Davis, lace, Stevens aud Itn * pnvailed, and the sum of HOO.OfO was appropriated toconstruct thenad. Itis marvellous then, that theAt'aulic and thePacific pressthe liitecnth century, rendered King Iadi-Oaus Pmsthumis •,a son of the German Emperor Albrecht) groat service by taking the field against the rebellious Magyars.Iu tbe day of his distress the King made great promts tothe Servians and their princely leader; butthey wire notkept,and George Brankovitsch ended bis days in a prison.On the l"tb the theatre was crowded, as Gabriel Vonlion. It Is q'i.ie enough to know Uiat s-icli thing* i xist .a our midst—that they are s fruitful *-"irce of imtnt'shty ; and tbat therefore they should be s*'-pt away n th"m m summary manner practicable. I/ko every <itb<-r place ofrpublic amusement (if the term m< be uf?d w.Ui pro-priety) tiiey require licenses, aad the power that tiinu such permits is also invested with •.'•_•sethor.ty to revoke Bence all these places can be eaady and que-tiy aV>|u i wRhould deposit Lis offering In the foawvi, remain at lthe theatre from 1 •, to 9 , o'clock, and then go out. 1 went, like the others, with the intention of augmenting the receipts with my ten francs. The building wasIs enormous for Verona. A t 9 ^ o'clock, a s had been monslrations of a less serious character a r e of almost cultics and the objects sought t > b*1 attained.agreed, they were about to go out, but ine Austrian police, informed of this new demonstration, had ordered the doors of the theatre to be clueed, not to be opened nnttl the end of the piece. Those who m et with this ob Steele first came back shouting— «••The doors are shut."There w s s a moment of confusion diru-u'.t to describe. Then a young man shouted in s loud voice —daily occurrence in Venice andthe other cities or th- Venetian provinces. Such it t h e state to which these pro- vinces are reduced, and the evil is one that can ouly be aggravatedbyanameliorationintheconditionoftherest of Italy.The Crops.THE \vm: IT CROP IN' TRWSSSEE.The ShMbyvilte Trv* Union learns from farmers inAn express from Major Joan Owens, Indian Agent for the Flalbeadg, arrived in camp yesterday, destined to Colville v&'iey. The Major reports the peaceable mood of the different tribes iu th e Bi'.terroot, and says th e headmen aie very glad to hear of our coming into*their coun- try. The Kiatbeads are spoken well of by atl persons who have visiud that country, and are represented as a decile. Christian nation However this m a y b e , w e will K-e for ourselves this -.vmier. The Bitterroot valley is being fast settled up; th e excellent pasture lands and rich bottoms proffer signal inducements toagriculturists and Ihtj industrious of a ll classes. W e will winter in t h e val-Ftj-tesy, a celebrated Hungarian actor, w as to play thepan cf the Servian hero. The bexes were principally withcut any melo dramlc display, if th» authoriti-s o st•'I have a way of making them opea the door." To this •bout a moment o f silence succeeded,the necessity for s union between the Magyars and the way been prepared. It will Lard.y do to i istify doubtful other races of Hungary; and al! of them were entbu exhibitions of this kiTid on the ground tb*t tb?y are a siantically applauded. It cannot be doubted tbat the med.a of disseminating much of very u--ful inforaaa'ioa demonstraticn was prepared beforehand, as the wreaths to the people a; large, by a'Tordmg th'm opportunitiesofBedford county that t h e wheat crop is almost a n entireVive le Roi Victor Emanuel:'' Atthe sama momentthe respondent of theGrenada (Missj Rural Genii min sug- ley, whence I maywrite you upon sundry topics,inform-DICKENS" LAST WORK DRAMATIZED BY TOM TAYLOR. and nosegays tossed on thestage during the performance atuiying thehuman economy, and becoming acouaiateagested by one of our Tennessee exchanges that farmersought to plant larger crops than usual of Indian corn. TaeWest Tennessee Whvj aaysi—It is believed by a largenumbqa of our farmers that the wheat crop \z greatly In-jured, If not totally destroyed, by the severe winter.trans give music upon the Place du Dome. ' Oi Sunday, Many are towing again, but believe the season is so far tween the B.tterwood Valley and Walla-Walla. The idea ebova ail, the place is crowded with people Toe music gone that the chanches are decidedly against suewss. acems to be practicable; in that case our friends in theThecess at the Drury Lane theatre has been genuine and complete. Miss Daly will b e remembered a s having madeBut to return to Venice. Tnree times a wpek the A'isIt is rumored In camp that Lieut. Mullan wi'l strive to scarcely imagine what dramatic interest can have been a success at Burton's theatre last year, in Mr. GeyWacommences at noon. Until midday everybody is pro- East TEVSSBSM WHEAT CRors—Information from all States can continue to write us,forwarding their missives followed "Nicholas Nickleby," principally memorable fort h eThe Schuyler Frauds. SUPREME COURT—GENERAL TERM.ballet,menacing on the place, but at noon, as If ta* musicians brought the plague with them, the people flee -flee is the word—by thenearestroad. Oo*wouldcallitarout;Ave mlauUs alter ths place ia de<*eried. And even tao*e whose business would call them by it make a deteur inparts of Tennessee is to the effect' that the prospective via Fort Walla Walla, Washington Territory, in care of wheat crop is very unpromising. The winter has been Lieut. Mullan.the delineation of Smike and Mantalini b y Mrs. Keeley a n d Mr.Yates;the"OldCuriosityShop,"themaininterestof which centred round the same persons as Little Nell aud Qullp; and "Oliver Twist," which wis plaved at nearly ail the minor theatrea in London. Then followed the Christmas books, which, under the guiding hand of Mr. Albert Smith, took dramatic form, and received excellent representation at the Lyceum, then undor the manage-principalp o r tmade by certain detective officer* among tue fort*** tellers, clairvoyants, astrolcgists, apiritual rapper* ex., e still freeh in the recollection of our readers, out to far from good Laving tx>en effected thireby, it teemi allfth**» different degree* of imposture a » in strong-r vofa*than ever, as will be seen from the following advsruss- ments. cut from one day's issue of tne Batumi —A clairVOyant.—Mrs 8 — , Sf» street. t*i i»*"*» west of H , •.,• most sueeetsful mtVlcal and twstoab clairvoyantleAmerica e-or.»>i:uu<.,-.*on*.ckn**«.tn*«** lost property and ah**ni fiier-ds. »ax!sfaetlon guarasMM « BO pay.Astonishing —Hadune V - seventh daurhUr. *i4 BW* wiib a caul ou tar f»"«. reads ths la- guatet of the- aurstibt an-,-?!! f wonder of ail her visile's, cauaaa speedy nimM* tolls bow maay tiui»» you wlil marry how t o n and at •*» (van's of yoar wh>l* ate—e*ea y i :r v*ry lav* ishts '• G*nilemen not aduit.ied mctmA cbirvoyLiit and as rotogitt that beats the wo-M; sa"**"l to ofiered to any pti ton who can aurpat* ser -She » « * cur* any disease in h* worst form parti-ilarlyrt* coBsurop'-o.'i, neuraif .* sen Tula and all afiV* ns tf '<>" and throat N B —Madame t: It the enly natural ai!« elalrToyant to tael'nned elate* a l l thotewbotrt • * • ; trouble, er unfortunate to bustnaas, would d> w*2 ueai **w S»*tkat gifted lady.- _,^.i»nnMadame R is - ' ^ w elalrroyan' aoc a*trtfo*l»» tow* wrrid Tellt vltiiert' M and name*, e*uaei *r*f*t TM" racta ard give* hitoyadmben _ ._-_Mr* L TU's natorally r-ned and tcjoinp'tsai s a t liah lady can be coutunad upon tu\ eteotauf " « • ' ' ,order not to disturb that vast solitude. I am now in a Sunday or ._ao riry.unfavorable fortheproduction ofwheat,andthediscou- raging prospect of the next year's crop is hav.ng a de- cided influence upon theruling prices of gram now In the market in tbat end of the State. Wheat is now worth one dollar and twenty five cents, and corn, the naked 5rain, without sacks, is worth seventy five cents, althoughoere is a quantity of it in the country.THISWHEATCROPIMVrsoi.vu.—Thefarmers living in exposed portions of York River, V a , are complaining of the effects of the recent heavy winds, which have, tn a measure, prostrated all the wheat growing m sandy soil.THE WHKAT TN ST.CLAIR COCNTY, ILLINOIS.All thefarmers, says the Adwcate, with whom wo have bad an opportunity of conversing, unite In saying that the wheat in this vicinity has been mucn injured by the severity of the winter weather. Some fields—those whichThere is s moderate degree of snow en the mountains and in the valleys, not sufficient, though,to retard pro- gress.The health of our party continues good.STILL LATER.Judges Sutherland (P. J,), Leonard and Bonney ( presiding.,the desenisg of that place.Iam little Austrian in feeling.tree very sorrowfulAb, me' My heartIrepeatit aplacestrewedwithdeadbodieswouldhave bee* less sigaiflrant than that solitude.On the day that I passed through B-escia the city gavea grand ball to the Piedmontese General Otaldim an 1 his officers. General Qaldim is the same who, under the eyes of Victor Emanuel, having been six times repelled from toe heights of 8aa Martini, at dolferino, retook the position by a seventh assault, sad maintamed it to ths end.DISTRESSING KEW8 FROM LIEUT. MTLLANs EXPE- ment of the Keeleys; a n ! though w e believe the pasto Bnd scissorscfsomehumblescribeadapted"BleakHoulj"toI have assisted inBenFFB 25.— The A'eui ForJt and New Ha^en Railroad Conpony vs. Cornelius VanderbiU and others —This was an ap pealfromthespecialterm,whereaninjunctionwas granted restraining Mr. Vanderbiit from prosecuting an action in the Superior Court for damages against the com pacy, for refusing to allow him to transfer 2.22J shires of its stock, and fordeprivation ofhis rights asa stockholder m respect to the same. These allegations ,n platntifls' complaint in substance are, that while the 30,030 shares of the capital stock of the company were outstanding,Ia th s midst of the/Sk General Claldini recaiv > 1 a b > i were sowed late—are thought to b» injured beyond re- who had been left as a rear guard to protect certain quar-represented b y genuine certificates held o y theirquel, wbkth Venice bad seat him.That boaquet was designed tor the Kmg, Victor Ema-nuel. • »Two pieces io verse wars attached to the bouquet; onewas addressed to General Gbvldini, the other to Victorcovery. Other fields, though somewhat injured, will pro- bably recover upon the opening of spring. It is yet too earlytodecideupontheprospectsofthecrop.8C3AB.termasters' store?, were s o badly injured that it w a s feared their feet would have to b o amputated. The exoe- dition, having completed 300 miles or road, was still push- ing on to a mild wintering point. The winter ia repre sentid to have set iu unusually early, and with marked seventy. W e await further intelligence from Lieut. Mul- latfa party wilh much anxietv.FEMALE MAIL ROBBERS IN NEWFOUNDLAND— A St Johns, N. F .,correspondent furnishes the Baetoh Tra- tiller with the particulars of a remarkable and systematic mail robbery which bas just been brought to light in that city. Itappearsthatmoneylettershaveoftendisappear-Dickens' sto.-y is essentially a tale of two cities—London and Paris. Butin Mr. Taylor's drama the action is en- tirely confined to the latter, and is never represented a t takUig place in London at ail. It is described as a pro logue and two acts, the prologue conveying the history of the outrage on the peasant girl committed by the Marq i»» of St. Evremond and bis brother, the professional visit of Dr Manette to the lone house where the outrage took1 place, and the consignment-of the doctor to the Bsstile, a !tificates o f stock, a n d fraudulently reissued genuine certificates that had been surrendered to b e cancelled, in the aggregate to a large amount; that such issues were made in favor of the firm of R. it G. I. Schuyler, or to other pet tons for Ujpbse of Schuyler, or of said firm: that 9.3F3 shares of said stock so issued "now stand upon tbe bocks of tb e company in the names o f the parii-v to whom they were immediately transferred by his said firm," that of these 9 &e-'i shares the defendant Vanderbiit claims to bold 2 - l o shared, and tbe plaintiff is ignoiaat or' the par- ticular ctrcumeuroes upon which he received the cirti Scalesrepresentingthem,andpraysastatemen.oftheEmanuel. verse:—I give y o a a literal translation InFrenchVSMbS TOTHSKOMI VICTQB BitANrSt. veajss anx jours joyeox d e gioire e l d e fortune,A street bttweeaO and D cents Lucky cu«be't are also given-»«*«* Lad-»» ^ ^ t t a -_from Woodsvilie, Mercer county, Feb. 13, says:—"I write to inform you that ths frost o f Sunday morning, Feb 5 , destroyed nearly all the peach bads in our locality. Such reports you bar* no doubt often beard before, and in the coming fall have been led to discredit the report on ac- connt o f the abundance o f fruit; but I have been interested la the etittnre of fruit ever since it has been cultivated in this locality, and Isssnre yoa that it ia injured more than four times a s much a s ever before."St. Johcs to Conception Bav. The editor fladtnf that thePoet Office authorities would not properly investigate thematter, appealed to the Governor, who immediately or-dered an inquiry, which has resulted in some extraordi-narydevelopments ItEcemsthatMrs.andMUsShea(wife and daughter of the chief clerk in the Post Office— a marked effect. The second act is devoted to those of ?tock issued by the company; that for 950 shares heholds tbe certificate of the company, in the usual an 1 a'lthectiiform; that he is tbe owner thereof; thafasio 1,870 shares, <;pon the surrender o f divers geauiajfc«rti Ocates held by the owners thereof (showtng then to oe such cwnets), to said company, such owners haT transDu bant du navtre e c slant,* s o a en nana d'or 4 l'antique Neptune.**• *poux le pins inconstant."*•-****" « • doml. a Latorture en prole,-g0 " P***-* d'eponae nnjonrd'hntMadame F - . M l B »£**, « !and talonto, give* aadM.1 adTtot and ?~J*J2£ £{%,*. ttuetaniarriat*a.o*et,ifriend* Ae.b»««BT~~" vCTUGeneral iTJf?gT ,K ; w » TM*JrtnB,and the eanatBe, which is further exempliiled in Defarge's wine shop—ajcapiul scene. This act winds up with Doc- tor Manette's recognition of his daughter, which, though ratherprolonged,wasveryakilfuliyaited, audproducedshares CD the books of tbe company as gsnuioe Etcik. The allegations of the answer of Vaodetbtli is rej.TOuse, In substance s»e—That these 2 210 shares of stock h •*.! suaclaimedbyhimformpartoftheirenume:>0,0008h*r-sfat te)i, th* name of four* wife «- •> "**»d. .•fgif J",, -- vtooer. If you wiau truth. *•«• ber • °*u - J*"***'gt^'erneo $1 ^kere fnrt,a* l«'-Uo y* aad • * «*» Who weold notf> .th-healoada"1 *^2r=.SfiT s«g«TM?s«s.adaffslrtoflite !«»«•emirittop P;'£ ^****"fTJo^oltot- aulto.jcu.rey*. bidden L•**«**, drunkta *r antta*.*!band. rec.. meJ A t. „ , , ^ oajerfjkilun, a*rn>true infonnau- n .f »d affstTM » n i »M >» i ^ . . ..uo, * *f^^HL'*»» w n a sarorxa TBX^Idnt^saeTdirMu^ Voos srrivenl d e ptonrs Ssnsnawauiuames Veasss uasotT cberohst la tern d'espotr.On rasvsnndlBasat IMA—*• — ' Avousnobsvsaonsd y^*!>•uo peonst doot le long P Osi hard das doukmraose 8uit aa mihwa de ssstesDtntil a e Dunpeuplsquirtrsh>joar Ou,libraatsssdat4tarntow n prendra part a totre fste. Ft ceiadraDequelqnsVotreOo Bouq-reteaaJTbaauJbor, kaowa, and, a s IHe goestaetaeatr, ire'soenes which take place during the revolution, the tw o principalfeaturesinitbeing the dance of the "carmag nolo" by some hundred excited male and female repnb Itrsas in Defarge's wine shop, and the trial of Darnayjsticfbustlessdexettementuntilthelastscene^wherethestory isentirely departed from, and thedeath of MadameDtfarge is dragged to ia a manner which,last nigSt, seemedlikelytoendangerthesuccessofthepiece.Therecurrence of Dr. Nanette's lunacy at this period is also fendsotnwrc m.i.eythan brair.fc,of ths hail», allths doors of privab n soiree, tot • party, oat•sltmiiiavtiaT*tnMr*1lingpublicFres AT OnvcrxXA'n —A fire occurred io Otocionati o oDefarge with the greatest spirit, sad whew intense eaoHe- the 18th ton , in the liquor establishment of C. A B itsiog. divine poter of foref l tug .,veuU by tac co*>-«The bettercropofsugarthecomingyearthanwasmadethe last year. It aajsi—"We m a y safely predict a good stand of ratoons this year, as the winter has been so far remarkably d r y a n d uniformly cool, checking a n y ten- dency to vegetation, and Well adapted to preserve every stalk sound, and the eyes in the best condition for makingLouisianatheir appearance in April.''t h sin MarchSugarPlanter encouragesat h edesirednumberTHEPEACHGBOPINTHEWEST.• owretpondent of the Cincinnati f7j««esays:—I seethe Postmaster General being absent in England—the chiefclerkhadchargeoftheoffice),andtwo servantgirlswholived with them, made a practice o f opening the letterswhenever they wanted money, and appropriating thecontents, if they found Mils of exchange or foreign nous before the revolutionary tribunal.tbey destroyed them. In cnecase.a widow woman nam- The piece will be much improved by condensation.hojieo fa n dTHIPEACHCROPINNKWJBTBSKV.A correspondent of ths Lambertville Beacon, writing ed of late, amoDg others a letter mailed by an editor fromwtloninthehoteloftheMarquisofStEvremond,and anactionintheSuperiorCourt,claimingtorecover ».ft-V,toTetD«heardoflie«f*»^dJ,*jV-tf,V,<*- She tas been consulted ty tto-iBtods ,'« f * J \ * ^ J , , " are Initiated into the sute of feeling between the nobleM 3232,100 for refusal to allow the trans er of said with Hitir* tatiaractiou. ate '<*'• OTtL7iTai*»^to? % tor<T»/Ai<oI or d Atirowmicalr*e Ulkrvr E,mlt of IkeBmU's tttitortaU in Begard to tU R°vU-I»*anB'ghted folks of Jersey-wbteh two paces may u t b down a s the most resooto regions fro« the IA bill has been introduced in th e Assembly requiring pared to cross the mountains at a moment's warning. justices of the peace to exact payment of a license feewith bis command on next Monday. The Quartermaster'strains will advance in charge of Wagonmtster Creighton,greatest difficulties are over.To witness, for the firsttime, the. passage of a train of government wagons and aMIFADDKN—SIMMONS.—In IXM Angeloe, Jan. 16, Wm. McFadden to Elizabeth Simmons.HAWKINS—SAMI-SOX.—In Placerville, Jan. 21, Elwin B. Havikins to Mary Sampson. /HorsxL—ROBERTS—In San Francisco. Jan. 19, bv the Rev. E S. Lacy, Mr. Wm. A . Housel to Miss Elizabeth M. Roberts, of Mich.The Royal Dramatic College in England ia getting onfinely. Nine of th e ten houses required for the collegehave been g ven to it already, and the foundation will be from the showman at the door in praise of the wondersAs usual, Mr Guatavus Sohcn, explorer, Is or ieredahead toexamineingreatdetailthecountryiaadvance, a step necessary to uctertnine upon the beat possible location. The course adopted in always keeping in advance compe-S,chiniandBadiall.Tbe Palais Royal has produced a new and clever farce: "J'InviteleColonel.''MileBatto,anewprimadonnasoprano,attheItalians, is well spoken of.Mme.DockebasmadeahitattbeVaudeville,inAl- pbonse Karris "La Penelope Normande."Herr Wagner has introduced the "music of the f.ture" totheParisians,byaconcertattheItalianOpera, where s c e n e s f r o m ' T a n n h a u s e r , " " L o h e n g T i u , " e t c , w e r e p e r - formed with full orchestra and chorusThe Entr'acte states that io the budget of 1800 the sub- ventionstotheImperialtheatresandtheConservatoirede Musiquearesetdownat1,705,000fr.;indemnitiesoras-Ac. The "Indian question,"' being also a popular a n d a t the same t me an interesting one, mayas well come up lor comment.put in operation throughout the winter an express be-found In the 'Pickwrk Papers," and yet they formed the subject of apiece at the Adelphi, in which the undying Sam Weller was personated by glorious John Reeve; thencomedy "Our Female American Cousin."The latest theatrical attraction a t Rome isDITION.FORT WAILA-WALLA, W . T , Dec. 1,1869.An express has just reached this post from Lieut. Multhe exigencies of some of the saloons, it has been reserve i for the lastjjamed theatre again to produce the great an tbor's works with that amount of literary and artistic carelan's expedition, bringing thesadintelligence that a se- which istheirduevere snow storm had overtaken the party in the Rocky Mountains, and that many animate had been lost and men frozen by the severe cold. Two soldiers of the escort,In the present instance theadapter has had a difficulttask to perform—and, tru'h to tell, has not performed itvery well, indeed, many of the incidents age so shuffledand transposed, that the plot, while nothing aimphaed forUoose who have not read the story, is hopelessly entangled owners, Srhuyler fraudulently issued spurious cer- for those who have. The very title is a misnomer. M r.J £ k - - • _ - « . _ . . . . « _Additlanal ftooe California.00*SANEEANCISOOOOBKESPONDINCESAW IOXASCMOO, Jam, ST, ltofi.- * ' •- - - • - • " - - «•»-«• - -lefts pro awen***»,The steamship Sooora, from Panama, with the gcrswholeftNewYorkJanuary6,arrivedlastevening.The trip was made in a little over twenty onedays. Thea t w h i c h s t r o n g r e s o l u t i o n s w e r e p a s s a i l c a l l i n g o a t h elegislaturetotakeacUoninthematter. Wednesdaynexthas been fixed by the Assembly for considering the pe- by bis marriage with Catherine de Romanet a son, Louis,t h e e y e s o f t h e o b e e r v e rt w o o rt h r e eBuisson. Simon was also charged with fraud.The juryA Milan letter (Jau. 21) says:—"Oa Sunday, the 15th. a new ballet, entitled ' Scintilla, o il Demote Seduttore,' by Borri.tbe music by Giozzo, was produced for the first time with the greatest success Pocbinl—who, I believe, was at ber Majesty's theatre two or three years ago-sur- passes herself by investing thepartof Scintilla with more than the exquisite grace which distinguishes t h e perform snee of this gifted artist The last scene of this ballet is truly magnificent, and far aurpasees in beauty and ar- tistic arrangement anything of the kind that bas been produced at the Sca'a for the but twelve years. It re- liecte the greatest honor upon the skill of the painter, and merited the long and repeated applause of one of the most brilliant houses that w e have bad this season.Amy Sedgwick, the 'eminent Eaglieh actress, will make a tour through the United States next year.Mons. Iapdinousbuitineifyoucano appears in his second scon* to be a man of rather more gigantic stature,sad much more plump and fat altogether, doubtless Intended to illustrate the natural result o f his swelling diet.Josh next turns his eyes to the other paintings, whisk display "Signor MacSavageo in his act of awallowing a sword twenty eight Inches long a n d three inches wide;""Mile. Africano, t h e great snake tamer from Ethiopia," a white or rather very red feminine ia tights s a d short clothes, surrounded with snakes aad serpents, biasing sod threatening in th e most infernal manner conceivable; s a d last of all, and, in this instance, Itmay be said least, The Southern Queen (black), fifty-two years of age, only thirty- three inches high, snd weighing but fifty six pounds "All these things Josh paste* to review iu infinitely l e a t<m*thanIthastakentodescribe them, snditbnotta be wondered a t , that after listening t o a glorious speaohacquitted him o n this point, butfoundin tavoro fplaintifffort h e fullamountclaimed. MARRIAGES.BALTZ-Kt-KX —In Los Angeles, Jan 1 2 , Peter Baltz to Mrs Angelina Kubn.BRKKZK—CALDWOTLI-—In Soquel, Santa Cruz county, Jan. 19, b y Rev. Mr. Zelie, Stephen L. Breeze to Mary B. Cald- well.CAMHIKII—FAC5CK.—On Mokelumne Hill road, Jan 23, James Cimpbell to Elizabeth A . Faunce.CHAPBUN—DAvs.—In Ix» Angeles, Jan. 10, Richard Chapman to Mrs. Margaret Davis.ErcuER—BKEJTSA.V—In Stockton,Father Maurice, Francis Eugler to Mary Brennan.METSKK—ETTTSQ — In Sacram ento, Meieer to Frances Etting.OregonHouse,Y ubacounty,PARKKR—LKWTS.—InSanFrancisco,Jan.25,Dr.Wm.K. Parker to Miss Anna Lewis.SnoKKLL—ROCK.—In Sacramento, J a n . Shokel to B. Rock, of 8tcramento county.22, StephenR .TAYLOR—HILL—In Santa Barbara, Jan. 11, by Rev. J. Villa, Alexander S Taylor to JosefaG. Hill, daughter ofWALLACE—Tn.i.T.—InElDoradocounty,Jan.22,Thos. Wallace, to Sarah Ann Tuliy.WBLTON—WARD.—InSanFrancisco, Jan.24,by Rev Willey, John S. Welton, of Klamath, to tieorglanna Ward, ofOakland.DEATHS. ARN.UL—InJosAngeles,Jan.12,W.HArnall,agedabout 46 years.AIIMAS.—In San Francisco, Jan. 26, Samuel Y. Adam3,aged 19 years.BUTAW—InSacramento,Jan 21,Mrs.GoorgianaBryan,a g e d 2 0 y e a r s , a n a t i v e o f M i s s i s s i p p i .BALL—In Auburn, Jan. 19, James H. Ball, aged 35years. DAMS—InSacramento,Jan.21,Wm.Davis,aged27The latest novelty at the Italians, Paris, is "II Matrimonio ccgrets," with Alboni, Penco, Dottmi, Gardoul, Zuc- Then looking about him, he eagerly cried,J a n2 2b yR e v .years,anativeofNewYork.DRAKE—In Sacramento, Jan. 21, Martin E. Drake, aged sistance to artists, dramatic authors, composers, and their?nnd persons entered the house, deposited their offerings from the ojiening of a great public highway between the aged GOyears, a native of Navan, county Meatb, Ireland. au EcgiWi tamdy. Thia surprising child is endowed with present, it weuld seem, entirely ignored by the authen-the h)«fceot credit on thosenew, correct aad good,the applause was load andsummoned to reoeive her well sburttert honors, and stew tortsBshoalswereraisedforMr.DickensaadMr.Taylor, butneitherofthesegeuUemenappeared.CarlFormes,whohasbeensiogingduringthewinterin Pi ussia, has been engaged at the Academy of Music,N ew York, for the next season.catedattheexpenseoftheSocietyofDramatic Authors. T h e g e n e r a l b e l i e f I s t h a t t h i s y o u n g l a d y i s t h e l a s t d e - scendant of the great poet, but she is not so. Racine h a dreads anu si ig~ at sight music the most diffic ill, by what ever master and of whatever style. She is likewise a pi- anist cf considers lo proficiency and power, but it ialedge cf the writer; to abolish it sine-- the time of 1'almo's Optra House, when tbe M. P.'a, or Mayoi '* Pupa, ol thos* days made a grand descent upon the theatre, and cap- tut ed tbe wicubed offenders against decency, »> sorti na'tvralitois. Al'ut-r is of course made toll!" tocalst •Model Artist*" exhibition, which lakes place every ntgoi, not excepting e-ven Sunday, to crowded audiences, com jetted .t sll < lasses and ages, from the peasant to tit* loidly merchant, and from the beardless youth to Hi* 0.-oo[>:ag man of years, whoee tilvered lock* wotid »e, rn to lit b:m better for the contetoplii, >u d the grave than for the gratfiation of tat nvat brutish instnctt. Tb« nature of tbe •pcrtadb, iaJ('*ev*Hiants.\r presentedatthe^emseum- *-lie*especiallymost astoniih.ng qualities. W e are led to hope that this young art-fct will be allowed to sing at one of our forth- comisg philharmonic concerts for the beue-ai of ths pior. "Mr. Albert Smith lias recommenced his Mont Blanc and Chinese entertainments.LondonHeraldatatesthat MissJuliaDaly'ss u ea*asingerthatahedisplaysexceptionala n dovcupied by Servian ladies in their national costume, who cried ' 7,*.yio a Magyar" (Long hfe to th e Magyars) as soon as M.Von Kgreaay appeared on the stage. The compliment was returned bythe Magyars, who shouted "Eljen aSzerb" (long life to the Servians)4 until they lost breath In the piece there areseveral allusions tosimpiy discharge th-ir duties.The anatomic*; museums, though generally regar led at excellenl imlitutlong, are perhaps more dangero-s even tlian those doscrib-d shove,for therea«<n ibat 'ley are more insidious ; they ilea' upon unsuspecting modesty, and throw o:t tempta'iona for wlrcb the mind has in noof thethat t h e" A piece of good fortune which rarely arrires to aaactress," says the Journal da Havre, " has befallen Mile.Eroilie Dubois, of the Theatre Francats. An old gentle- divers other ways and means commonly resorted to. man just deceased h a s bequeathed h e r 900,0#or , and h edeclares to bis will that the bequest is made for no otherreason than admiration of her talent as an actress aad ofber exemplary conduct in private life."'•Idon'tteethecometI»' Theyeoman replied— " Bless yon, sir, w e have no such beast here "Tbefarmerperceivingsometrickhewasplayed, Inarageaskshiemoneyagain;Tu th e yeoman h e told what the two men bad said, But the yeoman was not at his rudeness dismayed,Andhethusdidthemysteryexpiate:—" What thegentlemen told you," said be, " is quite Ire*, For lo ' in your daughter, so fair,Accmetmbeautyabrightspherewemayview, A n d w h i l e t b e k e e p s c l o s e t o a b r u t e s u c h a s y o u ,She b seen very near the great bear !"Ten chances to one hut our unsophisticated Yankee frienddiscovershimselftobe"sold"asleetotallyaswas FarmerGrumbobythebear.But this species of humbug ta tbe exhibition hoe, widows, 137,000fr.; encouragements and subscriptions, though decidedly to be condemned, m ay be consideredSinee tbe advent of the Metropolitan Police to power, an effort bas been made to put clown another evU, which "L* Sylphide a Pequin,' in which Miss Plunkett has the flourishes very extensively in this city. The late umof which Ss detailed, it will i>e recollected, In the paperwritten by Dr. Manette while incarcerated, hidden in thepraon,andafterwarcareadasachargeagainstCaarieiDarnay before the tribunal. In the first act we have a same: that tbe defendant Vamlerbtlt has commence1 uelrigy. hfcetpeaka Krtach Iu*!i*b"*'"f'-JSi.,, p -»weal-hand m.rrtof. lo*e *3a.ra >^r»«^,- •»".• g . jtjs stated la several of the papers that the peach crop ed Wcods met with a serious » » . Some of her (Heads in Much of the dialogue could be judiciously dispensed with, fen ed th« said shares on the books of f*'d company t> tun, let-nstorM at*eni liksnto * ' " " ' " ' ^ . ^ i r*-b5*5*nertasosoawillproveafailure.Thisisamis Englandsenthera£40BankofEnglandnolo.MrsSheaandwhatisleftwouldbemoretellingiflessdraggedbyeaiddefendant,aidtiteruponsaiddelemlautbidde »t.«W<U«teaal<--Her*f*>tB^rfeetartr*a.c»take I End o a examination along the Ohio river, for half not being able to psss It, burnt it. Numerous other cases the actors. The want of action is specially noticeable in mainied a certirdcste to himself for sail 1,370 share* from diet, ^5 tentt. a*r.u* men » oenta. .1TMJ****thewater,thefruitisnotkilled;also,where ^J^*^"* *ta«*t»4 oa varyhigh mils,afew remiinbarecometolight Thediscovery createdgreatexcite- thefirstact,inthelastsceneofwhichthehighlywrought ta'.dcompany.»nichprorni*«dtodelivertheca-not>him Thenarr,sand rcridenee.are ^ f ^ ^ J E j , ment,thepartiesimplicatedbeingrelatedtosomeofthe interest ofthespectators isunnecessarily detained by asMxms«,in thec->:rseof,busne.-s,i.ejoul.l bi mtle fhekMvo ..oticet,totv>idarm? & ^ % ^ Z Z £ .high government ofneiato. The four females are impri- tedious repetition, and a perfectly expected denouement out; that tncte shaies were allacquired by the defendantCUBE thataagerswiUbeiSBfifty(barhoars.£eu the time o f . York,Boned inthe penitentiary awaiting their trial.AtxiGKnMAILRosBBSfl—H.S.Brown,whowascharged with robbing the Post Office at Toleds, Ohio, some years ago, has just been arrested in Texas. He was a clerk le the office a t the time, and is respectably connected. Hen- ry D Kunklc, a telegraph operator o n the Sandbtky a n d Newark (Ohio) Railroad, h a s been arrested for mail rob- bing. H e confessed. H k mother Is a respectable widow lady at Monroeville, Ohio, and she is nearly •grqetodI>,b.,^ itisimp.--!-> ^ P"**TM *"!to^(rMl5 uLartisiically deferred. Iathe second actthere is plenty for full value in theregular cour&e ot btuon*>. and he neon and cha-iaun*m, for at hwg a*the www « £—TheAthensPosts»yn—We learn 1 has been eflected by which passen- *w Atlanta,Ga, to NewYork,oa1 1*•JS?TM *'l>«cb.barf,Ac.,ZriS***'t e **»»?• hour* ssas *!"•*»• rromfjqitontoNew •SU"?1 ?' froa ChattanoogaBaarwSbjffl hours; Dalton todeniesthatanyofthestockclaimedbybinwis(u.}.\i lentiy oi illegally issued; and denies every allegation of theaimptafct,touehiogthe allegedtraudaleot andtHogti acts of Schuyler, in rcsoeoi of the stock churned by d?therewi!!uiwajsbeapleoti'ulBepptyofP'^m,ready to be -uxen la l»nemo»tirac'ior'ntbuni'>ir«eryandwm'-otary. Tsees» Uttf"thai, is geaer*4f •»•noqiii-»ttObbetlliatmoreQji »3iP" livved ietraoelle to the ioeai.U'..or.s », ; t^*V • fshoot her son, who is her main supportUntitled Documentment and quiet reserve are equally artistically expresaol. Ihe piece was placed upon the stage in a manner which61 Broadway, damaging tbe budling to the extent of 112,000, which M mostly covered b y instuease.;d*d P'»?** h*" plation of lUe sur* Many w^ak m.t eadfbees dnven tc U*e lunatic asyum or aurrwa wquite purposeless, aad i s merely a hindrance t o the action. The acting throughout was very good. The laurelsare carried away b y Madame Celeste, w h o plays MadameDecision reserved.M dpi ett l.d to b* dtep'y w n - d «n Uw dork "I_|B>j m , a ,o^**^BBnalaBBBm*a» * •-*-_mwallsW#A mammoth paii,tings. coatoiotogc.'ct:en> ,/tbese fah,- profh-*l K ^^w^f marb1M of F a * ' * r l ^vested * * £ . ef the "Boom* " ^ S ^ S ? Thomas M. Tryniski 309 South 4th Street Fulton New York 13069www.fultonhistory.com 