 Attntto. ta IM Oml Hi ad* • CeataBlea,txl»«iftabo«a4aitoa>tPaaiU BaiMB tbe Paeilc aad Jba nonhwael porttoa ef Booaai ToroealhaAtli^ttbthaajitTtaii w-iMiiIMM CoetaSlovaadTba treaty, boanand the bowadaiIs OBdoBhtod^„ vMefcIpropoeatooftrloiBeraoarkifortbakeoaBt New.TortTwSioSrtaCoftaRioaIntb"eCc«o«m»«•«"'>«,[oUiday-streetTliaalfawaaIha haik^aat m^lshli d fasataaabiy atteadad lta»^Sa>a raiTliy, mease crowds were la HadHBsa aUkUr. ibeHsaau Mmaauli aair Awtig iHiSMiMa. Uc Foaa. mana|HfcJtd«Ji^afly llSgjrh» pawec taentcrtato a<UHWarC»^Maa aag kA> ap ap- proved aaoMlfc^h »«i<WaliilyillMiiMaai| wtos,not oaly hiahNAa^ iMft eBfrenal afepn^attaa. McsBOCX wUI Iffi wik at agala. aflac^tte Frenchbhouwnedvrerd.atnodatfifMtOywthioMosiaVardHthohaabttpa«a|tst,ladtoieonsaoftetnwpo- TbaCflnnninrtaraafthaBofklKailCoiapaaf.Pahaka, ToMdWi „^ mmm^ *r Ou StwTfkXSmt:J»n- "• '*••Itiltka PaMa OaaatafbUtalaMumoil Beportof the SecreUrr ofOm\ttf*mtnt» «r (ha irnv-For* ftmas.BALTiBoia, Thanday, Jan. $> IMO< opera, whick paMmtvezt araek. Ufa alngular, hli•r the 0all««i 8t»t«« Tn*nrj,The"Andent U termed. Is Uterally packed with partieswfaocn have eoaia favorite project on hand. Many ofareeaatagaa,asa af tha BraaOaa*.tpapll gaoeraUr:ThaUtoPostmaster-GeneralBa""wasledtotake a gnat Interest In the opening of this route, Iabroad,pietyoperates considerably agaiast the fullSSt^bTthTlandipraveaieat.I'lipiiadsaos «^ tkt Nnt-Tmk Ifaiss.rising paramountyearto put all the grants into one, and renew themsteaming through the Golden Gate with lilgh hopes todesires her ancient and Venlce.^Tjrrol guaranteedtmwmjoa.^junAiwMmtuMYttU^, c«.OlllMeiii '^Tbitkat IMiThe aaaafsgaged eztewtvair k oaikAaarriea.kas teases, and win kaL wasfearfnllhathaidelTarobf N(n_-i_.w.»i Vailed StetM N.Ty I aod the foUowlnf, upon I -"*—TTirl iiHt MrTwr "**- """v"- "f^ loaaat, Unagk vattk hdr a 1»-~Mn—JiaonnactwMttMCkblqalImprofamaat c^ZliVud Anaoaa W. Taoimoi, nbject to IMofMltsourt,•• '"a»^'d'"toefauit—Iffaultttbe—ofyaungladlesIntoebetter yearafter ctrctes, who become devoted Cburoh meiaban at a tlaie.paiikaayWa aU years' aerv1ee,aad JOK ' lalMKlearn that Senator Gssm. in the United'p'"'tJihaDBned State* •oma Tarr Talaabia prlTlleni Inpi?Si»rfrlend States SMgr,.al.a.otwpsTMo_aare profeiilottal tobby meraben, whoittSmttim-"' 'I—**Gaaxs has been mystlOod byi,fT!r.rWi i^^^meriis of the whole questloa, in therap-very early period la their earthly pUgrinuga.The tottery »ystem,ln tba adoption ofoox HarytaadASpecialSthe ProTtaee of CbtrlQal, Cram the Caribbaaa 8a«to the Facile Osa«^,&«a ftoB all UUi or taxei urod*!cn^larj Tooosr aad Attomey-The Committee of theeonalder the establishment of a General Supreme has settled, CiKJp. a few days ago, has been enOifliT brokea op U Newark M.J., waa keld Jaa. $1, ta Iha praHat a^totm,Jm*«;IS?^TM? t?atof CidikiaLTieriilm ta atiiuil l»ba aaoarad are:cao»»», a<ent«. taamaaTiadimea, malla, maDltloa«,Stataa, aad he has expressed the opinion that It is a are:Oin American circle has Inried District-Attoniey, at the opening of CoB^ justduring toe season, Mr. yesterday morning, commenced to aara ap ier IhaooAaMl Tend titie."abes'Uas sehenM haa been begging about the doors«rii> Deilartments at Washington, I hare more thann applied to tqr rerr prominent members ofwill beand (tandupoi^thesamemember, the George Bamford,IBay not be disagreeable, whiletl^reThe Freeman'sJournaletotei thatmurder, the Injury doubt as to toe totentlon of tbebelagaa I have just said, that txxly has no anthority in tbehe emancipates tbe Jews at pnvlleges|^d PragueNo the is matter— day coming.'.ot Cmgnm and tbeof «wemtom. Mafrom almost every piedact to each eoiuty, all of success of tbtatrical amusementa here. TaU Is eu, £«I0: aad af tha lat«B>«alaaitfUwpwpoaaof aanutagtheiepoaed, altoer to their own estimation, or by others,to poesess more or less Influence. Lobbytog, to fact, tots State. AU the ticket shops aad paUcy oa<»a are pasasge of toe blU now betora the aa-STLf^ffiiit""V The rlKht to all the coal, for narCl porpoae*, at The fairweof the leaaon makes The army-reform to Prussia has created consider- eigara, brandies, &c., furolsh toe togredlenU aad inercbanU are eafculattog pretty largply^jipsn la-a aewpolitta >a><cted fur dipbt* aad •Utloai forable dlssatlsfscUon among the people. No one de- nies that, In a military point of view. It will t>e really,<v MittaMTalMaiMe*aMm aainCMae ahall t>e Ibaad at otber places, tba!Jfkt JMoae the Hioe, aubject ool; to the tax of oneam* par ton, and the coat of mining and dellreriog dlggtog down hills and washing Into tha mountainqoallfieattona whtoh, as a general Ihlag, make up thelobby member's stock la trade. He inhen eoiisidereda (Tadoaie and may hang out his shtogle, not^ truly atonr State Capital, but wi(tato tbe locality of all otber coostr'eratinn in such matter*. Money is abundant toe of Tieattiraraad;aad If coni of lupertor quality forinerry times amoag the miners. From all quarters we hear that Immense flumes are jtist being set tosoutcea I they realtxa these bofc may fullydied ta her sleigh reeeatly arkOa iMtag aMb V*aa ahe left Itoma she was appanatly Is parfset health. Hr. Cbarlea E. Converse, of Boaton, ha* l eeai ta^the awn of tSOO.OOO, prorlded Coo- _g_r«tilaBaxt aeuloo, ahall approve the contract, STaeke tbe nec«a<ary appropriation tbarefor;to be important, so importanttoand who are now to obtato a endeavoringaraf Cdnpany,reilway,charier,Indefinite number of toese'*^RelanBttiitra of aeeurlng theae prlrlleiet for the biggest kind of speculating In claims, and as verylihli wlw Iha rnntriTl t-^^, , ^^DIggiogs.adjuncts employed.day's paperaeofSeValted Statea cannot be too hlghl/ appre- tailior on the Atlantic atdeoftheltth mar, MX^the Pacific aide, oppoalte the ooe to the;public hall,twetfty-Sra htlBdfal' '^^-^2g( theai anoBR the fijaeat and moat capa- cede tbem a bit of a row in thatSlaaSuSe woiU, capable of leoelrlog and shelter- all,Sat^Uttioee ablpa of the largest olast, and an un- be surprising. It Is a barren, desert region, covereda d«p6t and etatloc for na,A>r iofonmatloh on the subject of Hr.cess should crown theirmuch, and to all tolngs, so far as my knowledge ex- tends, complied with toelr contract, acttog liberally,I to aid It, unless It can be shown to be of great >Btillty. TherearesomeothersinCongressto ortf light on the matter upon which they are to Tote than they can get from Mr. Taoa?- are, per- a half-dozen gentlemen In the yro august;populationpnateiadalga,Irailroad on Broadway, New-York, Impressed meweeks ago I was tn toe Empire Metropolis. Feeltog sustained by Bishop McCloskey, by the late collisionwhowillnotthankmeformyInterference.It la certainly desirable that the United States ahoold hare as many paths as possible to its Pacific Baplre:aad whenever an additional route can beguardNovember, from tbe crater of Mauna Loa. Certain fatal than when It Is delayed, as now. It ware al- Park, tbe Fifto-avenue Hotel, &c.,ontoeHudsonRiver is Railroad,more serious toantoepriacmer,therefore,Itheoftoe at toeI ta with the only one now In coapete"general , tkat of Panama, which shall be more convenient^nobles) shall be eligi- life orPark,"Flfto-avenue Hotel," besides otoer prom"town.The Count Joannes has had a benefit given htm honor then proceeded to review fta taatlBoay. Wianatter, and lbs application was dropped. And, even is left ;Ledge Lightblocks are and Mr. C. S. Spencer. Theae geatleoaa severelygrant,the contract of tbe Panama Railroad Comp loy.and tumble wayrumors from distant homes offamily disgrace—truths which loom up In horrid pro-should be interwoven with tbe State orbill. It will be no better, and probably worse than whatwerowhaveunderthedominant in B.il.will be finished in a few weeks. Tne work is now were Tne first sritaaas waa taacsirrlsges, either from ocean to oceau or to any pulatyears. many;must be eschewed. It wUl not do toefficient fofies. political hacks and partisan h<i<:k-;cons€quentl>>4he Ne^-Grana-personsyearsage.said Intbea right of tran-dtuingcorporate city autooritles,grantingcity pas'queiitly Tisited Europe, and proceeded oa a Iserortagpilvllege this State Is 8 had been here 7 not be opposed In any manntr to the concluslua, given,preienratlon, and Improvement of the ro^Js vibl<:honthejnM latbmus."Mr. TaoHPSo.'r, no doubt, claims to make a road orto " iaprore" ooe across the Isthmus, uaJer the pro* Tiwt In tbe latter portion of the foregoing article. Let us aee If be can oo It.;tt-Ujearrtoaday. Sixorsevenoftbedeceaseddti- zetib bave reuf bed tbe of tuO or more.spera iSOjOOu in eodeavorlng to make amule-patb, allpartsof the State—a State wbase«stlmatedlias been li inar'e a su'ijectul-itiiry b- foieth.; LeeIs U-out;mo.-iey tn one (:icke^e." (Witoess repeated brokeabut gave tbe rflbrt upI believe a "mail"In » iiat Fuw!<.'r said.) Witness folded toeThe washere andIdentified l.xLei produced,I<passes across from tiucas del 'I'oro to David once ancntb, but the single paclrage of two or three ponnrts has to be earilea tor »ome distance .tfier leaving theAtUntlc,onthebarkofanIndian. Andevsnthfrf', ifjti.all otoer t^tt.-fis t<''i.s equal, pre'crence will be •iieo:Jhart^rC^^,.^","-' ^""'>'fight which occuned recentlytwren Biu. Hicihah and Lor UctniHOTOif, both mem- beis of the Danlte Band—Ibe former its leader for many years. The cause tbe dlifi.:aity was not known ;tost body not be K^lr to agree upon •plcuoiis personace.proprietorfully aa/privileges, tc lo a£y person oru.„.ir ih- >•v. Sich i,',?fK "'"°'J»L PTMpe.ties *'*"' he receives,do. Tbe parties met on the street, snd after a few cle-msn In every s,n8«—named David Il.'iccx.iw Joh«on wasArbor,Thasubjectlect'treOn croas-examitutioa Hr. Spanoer afr.witnessto state toat oa ttaa^dlspist.lation of all colors Is 700,(;00. During 8 mouths of fifteen as toe acblevemeut of cents,) accordlagture. Mr. liilBXiT, hoi" c*rr,(-i'(iieri«*sfortb'' Mllic'<i'i-«-ness of his p<.llry snd refiises to yirid. lleitnuvi i,rr«bis bis sod the roa-j lts,'lf.apirit of the above article of the'Railroadcontract would allow anybody to "improve" it other-wise than by It a better" making muft-path, and toto thoseand also wtteie the competito»"»elgh8 the wfi.i'r^crop ii<st«adof an avcraue rod. Nolireof an in1eiit-.:>n to c<'ipt.ete niu.-i t.e (jiven to toe Sejietary oa or beijreappUcallona conclude" it on the ortglnai plan, it Joes not con- were, In 1«59, 50.great toterestto tbeir fa- dollars share in tbe last few .Si also b^eterms,fer any ripbt to make either a wheel-carrlaae raad or arallioaii.From Bcca,idelT..roto theGiilf of Dolce the dis- tance by any roa/i tiiai conl.l be made wouM be aboutvorites, to the old Olympian style. The contestanta that of the Northern Central, under someMii«ta4- the 1st day 01 January, 1861.This ettlitles toe bearer, Mr. Cbristtsn Aae, to a strcage passasetois present voyage hence to Bremea in toestesmsbip Xixmoaia. F. F. FOWLER. To Mr. F. F, FcwLia, to be exchanged No. 188 Wertstreet.H'itnssi—I knew toe bill because my naaw la«omiles. The"TOryeyed the route, and who are so oarlleularas to33,bavii g fallen toto possession of parties under hisindueiice. Tbe to iol'^rse prouosiiioneagineer*' wlio pretend to havedischarge, In iHb. Jic appllcatiuna norabered M.persed at the cry of tbe harald, borrowed from the•Jvatbe "mles and ehalni' from one point to ao-;itoe aaine of'<he steamer ii alaa went to tbe oSlce again; the Car- Fowler was not toaie at that time.ointr, have never la'.d a chaiu on nor seen more l-labiliUts it,and will takingof ttie Sate, at any season;spelled wrong man was thereanafewmiiesofitIS still pcudiBg likely pom.l>efore ourCity Council,andcf liae base ballof,];from eliUer oct^an. Tomaie aAssetsBalance of failureIn 1P57, till' u,->piicaUoas numbered 128.Liftbilites Ab=elsBalance7 .$1,^38,931toat toe nextIt is expected celebration,Intoe killingsoag-nacadamiztit maJ over tbe route, with substantialwill l>e more than Ihta one, wlUck took IropoeingSince tbe date of my last letter, strenuous effirts hate t<cn making to defeat the reelection ,.f tl >n Jams Airsis Psiics to the United at«te< s.-n>\te.On Soii^rtiaySedjjwirk propostagSpencer objected«r5*?.''*c.._would probably cost five or six millionsparty;• oaUars. There would be an elevation of 4,500and R. W. R.Tni FiOHT BWWiiH BowDiM AT SaltLakk.— Tbe Leavenworth Timn gives brief details of toeJIV.!^;'^"^""""' and tbe country between is Uest;- lUje of Inhsslt.-vnls$2,692 8<U 284 707His most formlilahlecompetitoris said to be Ex-Go''.and FlourPolice Uffictr Bmctn deposed that be was wall aa- qaaiated w1ih toe ticket-offica kept by deCsadaat;J^.oa? ''J'S''' wilhthewlecon^lt.3„,h\\'(^""'f">.''', conjP'nIes,pa>ed a H.CKXAM cMucbed, tbe former inflictingidettitsee. Art.0ofMr.TaoMpiova"Ko foreign tro<^ or Implements of ».? t',S„J*T^ •tbecurrent cent.Jtere on tbe petition of aggrieved wives.1 he 1859 numt>ered. divorces applied for infor in 18.'* numbered for la 18j7 numberedstmt by ore of HtrsuAR's friends. In the tbigb. but cc.ntect with his Ikaows toe Mammmmsiimshe waa aat la part «al4th October ; of much suffering to ihtt nor was her machinery brttfcea or a>re-thetato.caniiassoTar tha road, witlujut fiottth* Gafewal GoTcmiaent of the Rapub ic "ears bavtag elapee^-pei-eett) welt. It -.a In Baltimore. We hen;toe Company as good for a pasMaa^OB the &*uRSs>«,or any other steaBiar of tboir ^ Fowler any^onflxt wiiU the Railroiid['at Salt Lake be- City,s >m" m >re r m la this view, to'refore, it »(>ulrtt« impoli'ic for the Democracy of his ownIK Ihkeir«-riencededge wbeihet Fowler wasISrfbls eom?act''":'-5'-'''.'.«'' Government. Ar-lclt Liabilities ,S'ate to (Ive him tne cold shoulder.a.itborized i„^ ^•""'^"' ' '' Assets It was one witb which tbe Gentiles bad nothing to This morning dfce of our untorlous rowdies —a m-is--. tat Arm ;tbe time of Fowler's arrest, and placed a prlsmta[...- "-aaVir it k> <i>iy fircisn OnaP'^t 'eaaon adduced by ti,. o«„„. , ..be for such persons are n»rJ to try, and toe oMigatlon r«stina upon tne Unlrexsity of Incorrect,;but,that droop daily after their arriviltlll not a shred so many are too proud to go Into thereceiveto Annapolis to-morrow for confirmation br tbe Gen- eral Assembly. The dodge is a cunning one, but it ispitents.The preparatory work on the Minotalready exist, or which are actually being constiucted one 2 years, and nine less than 1 year that ;work, of toternalgreat improvement. ManyThe wltaaa noihtog, miCompany'sto the Courta that have jurisdictloa insuch matters, for the l>enefit of the Insolvent Act, to thepoint, generallvwceie p'iseages can be engaged on reasoaabie to regular paeket ships. Includtog provisions.Nsw Yosn. Oct. it, 1649.m^Tl'iK'".'-'^''' '"'•»»' M''- TiroaPBoa's grant toSSd lTh\l '•-»rr.RKe road over this route, has ex- In ItSO, tlie applications numbered 140..$i,428,l»8Gilbert moie;of tha oSoaSnYsn.ttnpl"""-" '*""• -<'»<• 1 lave sbowu thatLi*b:liiles .\esctewssvir- lively "td ezci'lng, not us much diilicuityplsy-NrtrSkr Connress should puIhi^V tte contract the PnlS-i sS^, it'/S,?" are so scarce there should be so many suits"ball from oeuetratlag his body. The nextabot twk cisnsgave bim up to die In a few hours buthostll back to onr city's busmesB, a drawback which—i Ml•totHSfpOrt<»y«r U her "tioooi.r^mJuiufl.tii'oinVi. *"..'.'«".b:..ermis.i^"^^ Nttat the United States geta no more priviieirc^ inThe divorces The divorces Tbe divorces The divorces Thenow-)rotonous fact, seldom e'erthat a sudden and violent death alm< «t inv-ir.ailvraeogiSedbyT*'today.lianthorixed by Mr. Tnoarso5;» to treat with Coata Rloa for the prinfego theroad,sofarasahemaybeconcerned.,ikiugAiiairiatAnnapolis,wheretheLegialatnreisIn\ninte Hr.Minnoa,Saturday,DecIT,ISM.Veetingofthe Commim C<raaefl«rstreams,doubt that there la gold ttiere, or Indulge the leastplace railway tracks in certato streets as null and at toe National Observatory to Washlngtoa confirmed the State General Assem- fice which be held at the time of his death. He ez-There is no little that capital aetUagmen, and,lar army,Tbe second a^gttol will ordinarily stay at home, aixl only l>e (Mdled upon to defend the State from in-required.way, but, to all appearantw, more men than rewarded for their abandonment of stire and alow gains In rralons that they quit.Our latest dates from Oregon are to the 24th of vasion.regu- military footing.anotherthird of tbe ClvUThe sum total of the army-list will be somewhat whichtharoadIslocated—thefeasibility meenminesstillcomeIn,butsnowcoversthewhole lessened,sincethirty-fourmllltiacavalryregimentsefforta,aatoeyel's contract—on the topography of the coun-ted, and b« died on the I4ib tost. The funeral was Tuesday last,ta.ttr ttjnaghc^ ^«*'»B a railroad across It—the distance from oeaaa to ocean, Ac, *e.; but IbelleretheaecaUs tan* alwaya come bom gentlemen who are Indls-district yet The ColombU Rlrer, from Portland to the Dalles, was closed by ice.From Australia we have advices to the 6th of Octo- ber. I presume that yours are later.are to be disbanded, and only eighteen new reglmentaof the line to be formed. But the sCaadtag army will honorably, faithfullybe Increased by forty or fifty thousand men. Of coune«M Westches- it was evident that (he trsasarliaa aiaaa aot af nmt-December. Flattering accounte from the Si-mil-ka-evidence, that ha would not ask tor a vecdict att*ndedbyalargecompanyofhiscountrymenen murder,butoneofmaastaughtertothathM4^iaebFrom the Sandwich Islands our dates come down and it is no wonder if those who pay the taxeswltooot toe and conveniences ofbeen inhabited at some remote period. A mast having groanpartlet. wasnot in (heirTheunder new burdens, incurred tofresb, large stream of lava had started, on the 27th of tbemselTea agaliut a danger, which is never more.,amendmenta to the Constitution of the HavrallanIslands have been published, to the effect that morrow, and settle at once the question of luUeaaldetesting omnibuses, I got toto a railway car, uponis,however,danger,but willprobably be una-juifUnilstreets all Summer long adds to the tenden- which probably tion,of tocalculable convenience ani advantage In every Is no oldar respect. Those who oppssed and enjoined it at fi-ct-parentsa that Mr. SeegwicK. Assistant District Attorney, is lala:Vtm-HotK Sime0,SomuttQ f8, itfli.I.«Cal Mmt FaCjhecy. The fact that our air Is always bracing proba- tbe office ofbly tempts a good many to over-work, who, if their tbsn 1834. Before thatanimal spitita were kept down by pretty freq'Vieat be and it Is saidXhM there is a Jewish —so void of forecast.This iMtyeiC^Jb-wsfogs, and murky days, would let up and treat them- Not*iry in Prague, who wss.'fipiyolnted under the oldcomequenteof rumor the scbool-buuse was CbrisUaii fromselves better. But these causes are inadequate to—tbe result, there are enough outside of our ciimatallaw, snd holds his ofliceIt is proper that tbe Govenirnent should concedecitement regarding the proposed Metropolitan Policeand requesting tbe atiendon o> the city authorities toroad cars, he was accosted by a man who asked htmwhere he wished to ? He " To Bremea." go replied,Tbe man took bim tu the olEce kept by (he dofeadaatthat have neither safety-valves nor governors—of such a ststem policeIcity or State— wouldrampleted earlyi^eptembersays.-paay shall have the exclusive right uf establi-hingaoroaa the Isthmus of Panama any class of wneel- will not be surprised to hear that in San Francisco when it has expired, which will be, I believe, to two —as will stciite faitolul officers, suppress lawies'-.alone, during tbe past year, 93 person."* have been sent up to the Siocktou Lunatic Asylum. It is only since the first of May that tbe law has required any of the circumstances of the alleged lunatic to be recorded by the committing Court, and of course nothing moreor threeenues of sofrom such a source.ble for toe of Its lubabituits. longevityOut of a totaloftte Rlrer Chagresdlan Coveninient binds Itstlf not to under.ake itsolf,nor to permit any other cimpany or individuaU toOBde»take,duiIng the term of forty-nine yrars, anyother carriage-road, macadamized, of plank, or of was recorded than tbe statute required. Since that Olympic games, the last week In November, atmaae ud, in-orsix 6 years, five 5 years, three 4 years, two 3 years,Miodm were marked out. (Tbe square was namedfor old LcbwiQ of Bavaria, brother of King Oruo, anddid not do ar.ytbicg that 1 saw,<J.—Did Fowler receive anytbtog ?Mr. objected to the question. Spencirhad sworn toat Mr. Fowler did alteadyfever and other physical disease produced tbe insanity in 2l}percfnt. of tbe cases; that 8 per cent, took tbe fc^jm of religious mania, (a fact that augat to surprise you) II per cent, arose from domestic trouble, II par cent,father of theconsisted of races around theThecbsntF —graindealer? asserttoatthepolicyfavor of Nurtoein cities with to legardis not mentioned to tbeIn the t/at place, no rood between David and Bocas inherited it, 6 per cent, caused It by self-abuse, and The victor in each trial waswe havedel Toroerer existed. Tliere is, or was. a foot-path. Immediately rewarded Impracticable a great part of tbe distance for mules, 20 per cent, directly by intemperance. by the laiuel wreath and a sum of money, from toesue*! reduced rate-n, a» en- teacbe-s, S.l f.i ;elsewhere, to receive meichauci-*] cniulurr ffom ttio-irt wl i.ie .im- 1.1 * <if uiKi.ey raised I'v t;ix, to all tiiH dis- no one else cati-e icuni but Fowler; toe ticket waswstuta may eilll exist. In 1848, Dr. RtcAaoo Pusa, 'The Stockton Asylum at the date when the last sta- King's own hand. Tbe money amounted touiider the supervision of the General Government, tistics were publltbed, had 410 Inmates, gathered from hundred, or two hundred and eighty drachmtt, (albJ8, ICSnew cases were admitted,I have been looking up the Insolvency Calendar Oftoe candldale bad been easy or difficult. Toe highest prize was giveaido tbe winner of the race seven timesstockholders, company,toallothertoterests. ThereaicfewmoreEnglishai;d put it In his porket.tictostbytheaad Bramea Wrs:-stroet»,and the nesult testifies toway.neither letter nor the grcning stability of our business. The number of ent, on an elevated thione which overlooked the lists.fiaramount and ntelii^ent;copy HamburgIf thaie hg(( were a mule-patn all the the rttfriifeSan Francisco lor tbeTbe Ktog and Queea were pres-lie is uri invulueriUabiiltles amounted to Assets toLeading balance of failureTherewere decreesof grantedwere dressed The gamesto blue btouses. simpleverse circumstances, and a pending t:onlest for »n etection of President and DlrectO'S. wftlrh is t'> take next month. Hon. Stuos CAMsaorr is «upp.we iTheir$927,041 ««,831A Convrnticn of Sportsmen he!J in Al'.iany, ro-Suits stiil peiioing, *il.ancient Olympic customs, "To your homes, ..$l,80g,}34 people !"roillical$2(0,l<00 of tbe Western MartUnd Ritllway ISonlsBalance of failurela lF5d, ti*c a;>pUcallotis nuaibc-red 19?!Bcv. Geo. Dufficid, D. D., of Detroit, delive.-ednot.Tbe ticket was here Identified by Mr. Hartmaaa.year,stt^acious b.e antagonist, i,ndBalance of failureFrom wiiich exhibit. Is it not evident that we are.smark on it. deavortd to get tbebrought uf war," for divorce, but that marvel vanisbet on learning thathiR and thigh,to the last accounts heup survives, and getUngwell, tooughrideshsve s-en somf the F«!eral Govemmeat to meet Ita engagements ship Companyi,»,, .„..ofthesuitsbegun duringyear,84per63«7 loe 110 72digestive org»o»was a flem one. Taere were many shots of toese feUows shot through the horfy,aiidIhevaTM withcnntrartorf.ofwhomtoereisa;belaaga doaaged;CbttMtha«aafMrari staMon ta each of these baihors," nor any- The diw.rcos granted in 1849 wereit M(a ta Panama, for the grant doe° iM«*aUow the free tianapartatian of truips kmii modtloas of war—does aof give the right to " a d»p<tform 1830 numbered ISM numberedford, ConnecUcut, a few r-ozens of -hem who bave P'""'<'days ago. Alarmed toe '"""'V TJik .'.iifiiai or hadaiHiaribeUad.Mk Maw-Cranada aad Costa Rlita claim Golfe 1 be divo.cfs In 1646 were .>.... .\causedhighway. la tois case toe pUtotlff was la belong to tbe Bremrn Itoe dirwt Knows the aamaafJD^«Consldcrlt.g bow maa> m»re mauled people ther quieted, fed aed sent•UswayrcjololDg.The recent engagementThomas M. Tryniski 309 South 4th Street Fulton New York 13069ufninatogiy> ftm. "t-t oAIM UlWM-U^_as- —oatiM PmISo ilde, aaa Bocu del Toro on tbeaeHdeotally toe Ravel Family at our;appued applied applied applied for inA fugitive slnve made his appearance In Btam overtakes these la -less despe.sdoes I could countbmugbt focorealixing sense ef the bsautles of Loco-divorces granted in 18J8 were62 ride, he took to his heelsbut was moral tone of our nas pursued, found e'sl iblrg, hi'Wever, tt.e citytlfi recovered$»4a for damagesUaellne.Churltt SekirmerazamlnMl; Ta managingcleik of-rij',""" *»«' »ntel In 1S5T were..<!<T>,. granted64 ensconced on» topof anIn friends nij be was organ a church, whIcb he Improved Ilorcx'sttafsctivejuiles, as a specialsWpe between New-¥ork and 9r*-yearsover,..0,603186J,blros at ct rmiti pe; 1<<13.Mr. dence,to too ticket to evl- putyou ess,in the office ; The town of South Scituatc, Mass., is remirka- what was said in the officedate tbe statistics assume more value, and on study- Attiecs. It does not seem to have l>een somyFowler; after he wrote the ticket he leflNotaries,friends in BrerLen. and for tost purpose came to ttits Our city, at present, is under a high pressure of ex- Mayor Lincoln, stating that tne building was ntrsafe, City, where, on aiigbtlcg Irom toe Hudson irer Rail-aioimd the jfodta.int-n.m nine cuscs outTbe people-Anay Kafeivi^la Oaveca.FroB Oar Own OorTeepoadeat,:,y„„r^mConfederation, appointedraatedtotbaaald Aaaaaa W. T»aawu», titraacli InioVSi natter. At any rate. Coagresa hid better Court for Germany, hare ealled Voa Ijioi to aid this deseriptlon of outsiders, of whom a large for oorreptlag aarposes, and sedocsd thoaaaade af"and I ho,>e that to ,1. A n||kt mtwj attraaall'«*ar tke roadwav, Sl?llS.le" tu'SJd them to a mora clear nnderstani-SJ22r5 eSSra lpti.a7toh.ve been;wi buy a OTDtract from Mr. Taoarsca onlU U U sure be has one to seU.profeasloa or business wtlh now closed. This sraa a great evU. It aflbfdadl aaaeyLeglslatara, aaatera toralaas af Itathem to their maktogreport.WemayooaMder thisproportionarelawyera.Ex-Delegates,Ex-Seit-lent defensive aimy, but one not suitable for aggres- —;an of-ownted to the Attorney-General of tbe United get the silver, however, great capital and few men will consist, as far as possible, of young, unmarried It, therefore, becomes a matter of espectal momentplrr d at Ctoclaoatl, Jaa. 24, at the age of 74.skepticismot levies. The bly. Speaking firstopinion.be divided intomfgcbcteK,"correspondent of the liewark Ad Thethe King's Ministersr, akorter and leas expenslre, your conespandent ble to seats In the House of Representatives, rampyre budgeta aad tax-rolls which her Idle armies inent places. Getttog seated, or squeezed toto an to-Unth. Btit such a scheme as this Chlrlqoi Improre- neat Caaq>any only takes up the time of Congressaad(q;Bandeta the money which ought to be applied to the Imildlng a direct land route across our country—Mr. Aaaaoaa W. Taovnoic obtained a grant dated Fah. 90, IBM, to run sixty years, from the Proriace ofmileage;all was " O. K." I gave myself no fartberconcern The regardtog toe contemplated desttoy. In my onwardposed"any monejtary consideratlan whatChiiiqiil,i, "to Improre In aweather is again delightful. No duels are on foot, no Christian servant is already repealed"half, returned toto Court wito areidiclof guilty of maa-andthisreasonalone—weretheschemeto the Pacificoaljr a mistake instead of a swindle is sufficient cause arhy It should be thro am out of Ckmgrsssas eea aa it gats into that body.massof that toe tocongruous moving mortalityHe intends tohis;deep.performanceatin tha State of Fanamir, fit for the travel of wheeled vabtcles,of tbeSuperiorCouttRocms. HeSidledonthe27totiletoird The was dees not in much siaughterm degree. pruoner ra>1 maintaining la good condition the Provincial road imora than 14 years ago between David and delTore." Twenty-fourmonthsweregrantedappear public manded (ot sentence.however, to my own account, and being an entire ^ ben he Is seen he has his head muilled to a the mtirtter of the unknown maa at Crowa'sSat the ooaamcncement of the work, and six years tofialah it from ocean to ocean. Subsequently toe eon-inetwaa amended, so that the period of 21 months thouldn't It be 7 Our ctilef glory— unvaryingstranger,noee, but keptnight, to ride back again scejig toe elephant- Don't tell this to anybody, unless it be to aay that youbaj:(il,eit;bief.cery store, vlciedtothethirdafcoaldendonthe1stofSeptember,18S7. Itwasalsobeen tbe source of more trouble to Chrlstisns thanwhen tlie Greek poet and philospber again visits New-York he will find double tracks of city passen-onTbe case of Frank F. Fowler, jototly todtoted withalipalatsd "Sept. I, l(»7, there must be finished two Granadlansuch poor mortals as we are, who are better adapted Austria, that a Jew's evidence In a clvU caseobtatoing mooey under false pre- 14,of road, starting from the Atlantic coast," m itfmU qftokick tkt contract tkould bc/jr/cited.And as Mr. Taoapsoa did not commence to make the road on Sept. I, 1857, and has never yet com- BMaoed It, snd did not make two Granadlan leagues of it from the Atlantic, or from any other point, the Cist year, and his contract was nerer again extended, aad the Prorinclal Legiilature became extinct when Panama was made a State, and the authority to ex- Isodltpasaed from tbe State Legislature of Panama Into tbe baada of tbe General Goveriiment wnen tbe Stataa were erected Into a Confederacy two yeais aiace. It never can be extended. In October oriaitto an atmosphere of occasional storms and Intervals a Christian should be considered as againstdoubt,ger-railwaysBroadway.great toorougb'leaguesof dirty weatber. The glare of the sun on sandy ful," will l>e done away as also tha ;(exceptdeath,than to see her life-blood drained the byside of mercy, as (heConrds dlspaaed todo. RIaand shall have a to be heard In the House create. righttense crowd, quite heterogenous—larger proportion to Boston. At first hedesigned to increase be price of tbe prisoner the patty who iafileted tke wooad ttwoin tbns of war, will lose itself in the(be army expenses are thereby greatly augmsntedCkmnicU,are affrayevidentlyto aroae firomgrum- and Prussia are both examples ot the disastrous effect of Napoleonic pol- icy. Becaase all Fiance may tteeome uiider his lead,forsome tocome. yearstotfae 10th of December. The brig Ag^e reporta thediscovery of a new guano laland, la latitude 3° 41'sonth, and longitude IT1° 40* west, the guano appear-hig to be of a good quality. It showed some signs of ershtp at any moment lui army, the people of Europe forcibly with its sound, practical sense. Not manyble a little about It.Englandmost better for Germany to meet anInvadingfoe to-prevents anybut a Christian fromfiillagTbe history of ttiis case, aa stated to theJery byNotary.provisionHeme, returningconditions. So many of our folks are lumped into these rights to anhotels or tucked away In solitary chambers—so many but notice how, through these reforms. It hopes to tirely existing city policeduringex-;enjoy not a single family tie— so many are rushing escape more pressing and demands from importantThe Council,within a day or two, in order, iffurther action by toe State authorities athot after money, without any manner of ciro to divert its subjects. Hungirr demands her constitutionalto toe Bremen ifbelocgirg Itoe, sbe had beea. Taeticket for which be parted wito bis money was entire- ly fraudcdent, and tbe plaintiff was cheatedoot of Us uoLey.Tbe defendant's coimsel were ez-Recortler Smith—them from its unceasing pursuit so many come andconcocted anda propoeal was made here to get the Legislature rights,guinj'xi home with frigntlulwill not renew tbe lease of thesebyclerk weieAs the Tinscence.It. After considerable discusaltin, toe eibjecCloB aht-^ overruled by toe Court.still.'-,^^It.Yesieroay afternoon Ibe jutot committee of tbeoppressed-ohiifbut ooe caimottoO''ou^h(wbo claimed a separate coraerof trial,)the Emperor grantsacouple of reformsjustpasseda PoliceReform bill,the rt Ufaiks. toe idea that tbe waits ^ere gotiiAaatria-Oaasbllag City,"asItmorethaaonetheatre. StrangeasIt seem port mayhavefclthactobeeaJewalaiBadaa.Badea OlyftoOaaaaaabeoifageneral attentlca.paid aaUepackcta,£1,0*0peraaaomparmoderatemt CaaiaeRilal StabUlty aad Baelal Ib- chambers In all the States, and a Supnvu Court. Tbe elaatlclty of conscience, want of fixed principle and quite a file. The bride, I am told, received leveralSaa Faaaoiioo, Friday, Dee. SO, IBM. settiog-in rainyoftalking,may expectto aee itaccomplished.'barrel or so of good whisky, a tair supply of wtoes, pecis for toe opening Spring trade. Some of ourtheae rtabto and prMleges It la atlpula'ed sides, and everywhere preparations approach theirttal the Cnlted Stataa will par to the lald AaBaosa completton for Iwginnlag the golden harveat. Pron Tbe question Is, are these changes, which all know oba. The pariywhilst stocks are duU. XENOPHON.OBITDABT.sptrntotmentNew-Eagland Breach farirtaa Treat instate .w^KJ^)KS^wnHB> lot Uniaelf and the Cblriqul ImproTs-leglslatlre bodies, not esaeping the Federal Metrop-all the mines the most encouraging accounts are dallyas money In these hard times treceived.But the great tush next Spring will be forDkath of Pbof. Esft.—athe Wsshoe and MonoThere has been theoften the same claim la covered by two clalmante, but it will be a close contest. Gen. V. the Boaur,Pennsylvaniataught a select school to is Phlladelpuls persons,ubeLAW REPORTS. mawarestabllebment of such a eourt has become an Impere-totelllgence, anyself.con(»lt, ofVlrg'nla,whichcameoifafew was vates,andatotalraak n,m. ntghta ^o, aad til ofthese elementa:oonstltutlon. representaUrsttvenecessity\some desired point is to l>e gained by being lltwral, aan as well as a improvementtittoos, but past exoeiieace does nota lore of moneyand after the usual six or eight months siderations, liiese, together with liberality, when mil) mpuiarandbeaollfuLBuslneu retnatos quiet, witb but moderate proe-but the ten mil- lion thalen (about $7,000,000) which the Government wishes to raise t>y an immediate tax, to pay for the proposed reform, does not meet with a joyful assent.givet>e worO^ soThe matter dependsnow on the vote of the Lower Hotise, vrho have to de- cide whether the desired sum shall t>e granted or not.It Is said that tbe Ministry expect to carry it throughto seateiaeted to Hew-U^r*a by Mr,change;privileges.It Is shameful, that tbe rev- certainlysmaller German States are swelledpresentmuch—JosAraAa Bsoox & Co.—who own, or claim to own, toe franchise of our city passengerTltBThen canrliilates for tha degiaa sf IL &„ were grsduated at toe aaaual azaalaaHoa af tba Madlc^ Departmeat at Tate CMIagaoa than* titLCrtooliae, immersed to a lolatioa of inlphattaf- amiaoBia.wlU be entualy tooombaMlhla, Tha aM* mottia cosU but a trtfis.A newwin (It* It what little support he is capable of givingttadth kti fen,.lhioag^ your columns and those of when actmaed of mal-admlnlstratlonother|pa"»"ii«ijoamalswhoemployhimtotelltbe member6ftheHouseistoreceive$190annuallyand proaching,althoughhemayrecoveragain,ashedid toeprettyones,)witoanyquantityofchildren—our naturewouldnotallowhimtoassociatewitbtoepro- mustbelefttothem(toejury.) Iftheycametotaathat each The death of thewomen,(to whom I did not so much object, especially teammovedonwardfromtoeAstorHouse. Suppos-of Pmssla seemsthat representation Is to be based on equal- a month or two ago, and live the Winter. throughbut furtoer reflection convtoced him;tickets,usaaliates,Blondin has asceriaineil that there is a chasm atity, and the ntimber of representatives regulated This bencTolent monarch will add reallytogevery tenlli year; that a member of the House most name to the list of the victims of thebe twenty-five years old, worth $1,000 of real estate, able to read, write and cipher, and a resident of theglass.anonhuman character, then looked out on eltoer side uponkingdom one year prior to ills electiontorong-su.^passNiagara Falls by stretoblng his rope tlisic next Sum-mer.that every male, native or naturalized, who is twenty years old, has paid taxes. Is of sound mind, and never has been;come the convicted of an infamotis crime, may vote for mem- In a few days the Emperor will Issue a decree, reliev-assault. ThetestiiiH»ybets of the House. from ing the Jewstog I might l>e right to this coosideratiim, and waitingdon toe Bench for a time, to consequence of the In- jury his health bas sustained by the poor veatilatioomany disabilities under which they in San Francisco matters move on meirlly. The now lie. The law which forbade a Jew to have aas a man could under such cireiuistances,possibly committed by aayotlwr.Tbe jury retired, and, to about an hour aad aparticular scheme of corruption has been charged Israelite can now rejoice In the possession of a patedupon members of the City Government or professional cook who hasn't a conscIeniluuspiKcUan to g?tt!n g up stbemers. Tbe politicians are all at Sacramento, and making a fire, of a Saturday morning. The ex- awaiting tbe opening of the session of the Legislature. pected decree will alxillsh the old Uw, by which noChristian'swhich hasdisappoint- ment with a vengeance. Placing part of the blame,Biigham Youngof la'e, as is supposed, on account of Ill-health. (.Patrick Farrell. indicted wito William Jones forThis is a great country for crazy people,— and wby one of the three witnesses for a req'iired"mum,"and was withoutcontent, late atdegreeofmanslaughter, on Thiua-^thebeauty of our climate— Is probably one cause. A per*provision,that during the first year, commencing petual recurrence of fine sun-shiny days is hard upon Jews. Then the rule, still on the statute-books InhopeJohn Gilbert fortences by swrndling a poor German named Christtaa Heine out of (33 in exchange for a paiaage tlefcetta Bremen, on boanl tbe steamer fiamnuiita, oa OcL 1649, WiUi next taken up.Prince has given Regenthis to projected journeythat,Msatisiactlon,Tyrolesc boldness,reportsi to tolnk New-York must tndeelfi be a patient, t>cganwill could b» a Jew—a blind,Kingto be ap-toat his he was, he is guiltyup. the Rhine provtoces, and awaito to Berlto the Issue.From Austila, amid the echoes of Hungarian dls-tbe Falls of Montmorencibas noto coBa eea aaandof promised reform. It Is stated as a certain fact thatedeach Finally, growtog a little Im- tooroughfare.'and the emanci-;at tenmilesout. Herewas not, Harlem," present prohibi-In ourfare (Baltimore-street) toe rallioad has proven liselanotherofrightrepel wascireumstantlal,aMl1haf must not only satisfy toemselves that tbe aclaaaar big City vt Ito totermlnably elongated streets. Suppos* Justice Pierrepont haa been compelled to aban- committed tbe crime, but toat it Is ineonris(eat wtlh tbe whole history of the ease that it coold hava beeacal and It Is but pereonaLtoat suc-rentored Derby. About a month aco bts mtod became altena-anxious to visitupper sectionCity, Centralprogressnewspapers,tbe woimd,Anaffray,andthentaketbelife of toepartyba *""t. if toat party used only sufficient force to thaI readif hehe diddid, it to self-defisaDa.as a by Is lawyer, suchFraak Pawler far The Florence SwUdllaa.Badsraat Tlofcaf^myfor these corporatora and V'igi^ees to place beyond vcrttMT sayscavil or legal doubt so imporiant an Investment. My impression Is, however, toat toey will eventually suc- ceed, though annoyed by powerfttl opposition, politi-andnot taken bold of tbeHad toeseJudge IvsKASAV charged the Ha jury brlefiy.the probabilities are that Baltimore would have rematoedgentlemenstrongof and who 1844,af av -partiealar aaaoeidaBtalaaattagaf toe parties concerned. Tbe pobUc pnaacolor kaa freed you from that riew of tbe case la-properlyto alt otoer con- bundrptfsupeit> valued to the at presents, aggregateBeaolationa hava boaa IktMWeed into the Catt- forala Leglalataia directing tka Bapreaaatattrea af Ike Stote to Coagreaa to proeara the psasage of aaRumorThe matter to them is one of decided Importance to Esrr, the Meteorologist. ProC Espr was a native ofhave at an almost to- presenta of rtew, as It tovolves some four pecuniary pcitotworib, prt>bably, a clear ajmual profit of eighty to one pan-'phlet pabUcatioo, In which he first aimotmced hundred thousand dollars. It Is contended toat our his theory of storms, was enlarged Into an' octavosays,yester- P.hundred tlKmsand dollan already expended to con-would not assent to the plan, and takes the comnuad of the structtog the work, and a most valuable privilege, study of meteorology aad the law of storms. Aand as there is an army of squatters hastening to pre- Secretary of War, has resigned, rather than give histaste for scianlific pursuits which led bim to toeregionsecond army corps on the Rlune.Tbe outlines of tbe proposed reform are theseIn- stead of the present Landwehr, or militia organiza-tmUDKB. AND OTHBS TKIAIA.:united number of ihemval poipocee at each of theae harbor*sit aero** ihatl^thiaaa Iram one to the otber, and a out the year snow caps the hill tops, and supplies the tion, which consists of married men and fathers of senger railway franchise, overreached toelr constitu- tour through Baglaad. tfpon Us raUm to tite (Tnlted Caart af Oyer aad Tendae*—Terilat anvplT of eoal, should It be neceasarr, for both theIMr had Paelfic Souadmot, are objects of great;lMBe»«» Um Volted States, and, If attainable, t oat to be OTetlooked. Tbe title of Mr. TKaar- 1 fte Chlilaai Improrement Ck>mpaoy has t>eenwith snowtheintoevolume, and puMtsbed to Boston to IB4I. Ha subse-Winter, and, Indeed, thrtmgh-without which la None families, as well as yotmg men, and forms an excel- tional pretogatlres, and hence the grant totu given to States, he was appototed Government Meteorologistmining impoesible.as to the wealth of the ailrer leads. To sive movementa, In"stead of this, the Landwehr wUI vold,tinIessai^ Maaalaaghter agaiait Daaaelly—Trial aif^,In justice, fact,terlrg from paralytic stroke, to visit his sister. Mrs. West Sixteeoih-alraeL Be said, aflar vlawiag 4Mkenergetically. enterprise,Ur. Thomas B. Lee, whorepresentedter County advantages dty pas- FaUa on tbe 24to tost.senger ralltvaysYour editorial some days ago upon toe subject of apatientlyour car rolled on until It fetched up," If I mistake for Cub.i.1 dlU cot even put my fiager oa atj ownupto toe Five gra- Points, of which Joaes wa« coa-were allowed to are now sstonished at toemselves for being so unwise unsae. It that sln<e the Lawrence appearsfiiin/^a, where behad been residtog, was desirous of bis revisittognot hare a correspondent may atCommissioners of Police Is over TO ears uf In another four sters, aity Oepariment..Ttie ) fge. family per-at toe succtedtog election*. If this be i's only merit, mtiitlins tke fulluwiug lemaikable fact: Simeon clerk wiute name on a ticket in tliein I mention the celebration of the prssent Greece,wbo bave eachficresweinltl give Baltimore soul and body to Democracy limit of " tliree vcure and ten." A reliatile citizen counter, and the clerk (Gilbert) stoodaajr other class, ^blch may serve for wheel-carriages,between the two oceans, across the Isthmus of Pana-ma; it being nevertheless well undersnod that the United States bom, and about one-fourth from Ire- pleasantly enough. There were atmut twenty thou- it would—accomplish all In this matter toat is really Fsme momu and both died on the 22d of theing them it appears that two-fifths of our Insane were cent as wasef which this article treats cannot and must land.' That out of 43 whose length of residence In sand spectators on the Lud wigs-square, when toeabortion. Toe American Party should—and coul I Ifexpected, although everything passedoffwere luarr jed on toe 22d of tha Mime monto toey dayreigning Sovereign here.) ttaiia, (once,gamesor— of \lr.fl.rurseven times,) dlsQu«-thio»lng,(hoilzontal and verti-saidnotoing.preju-cal,) jumping, (far, high and over a moat) WresiUngpricesofJExammatwA r««m(ii—.Saw no money lusdo thaa popu- drachma, if tbe old Attic coin Is meant, is aboutrtgioLS as cheap hs putlee m UHliimixe c».ii g-t tnern. atiu beixe vie lose this vaiuarile trade. Tiieiiii'ttrreportareceived.ttacBportation. It is asserted tiiat produce is Carrie*] teachers, ttiat have been 2.430; ftLi^iethe be pati for toe moneymagnifi-Uen, mdeee, would past efforts of refomters prove anPit. cm »nd wife isere each born on tbe 22d of toe daytwiceorUtcl>lgan, gives tlstics of tie Schools of tbe State4 aud IH years. 237,781; niinitier of qualified uiaieIbecase wassurrouadedwito dices, snd his ooun.-el were resolved to avail tkeis-fifty,t'irt.-. $. 1;..1I6 57, aii:uuiit rau-ed by rati b;il. 3104,- Ol- 111).The Mi-^ =ncbu:-ctts Socioty for Promotl.ig -Igri- cui'ure, ofirs the ft-Ilowiug litxrai premiums lar ex- perlineDt« with msr.iires;--first, premium, $10ti;Tn uiV.irdlag tbe preitiiuai^.on C'-untcr- near where toe money waa counted toeFouler shio in Eng".sh, "I will put all toatare said to have manifestedcontests, shouitog encouragement per days.unfavorableT'et may be regarded as a toterabte success.place under manycircumstances,:,from 1 till 4 P.andwarewords baa between toem, HnSTiaataa and shot by a pcson simUar In character, c»llesevere McPasssca. T«optstol-oallspenerated and toJgedai<iuirlagstiiblliiy and earning the reputation which wnui J In tbe back of tbe latter. After tbe pirlles Ir. bis stemacb. He was dying at last aecouars; out importance eslatilishingFowler,at toe lower officeli% 4bayour morcbunts accord us ?But our greatest curiosity is the S.in Francisco Di-became separated a general mrUe ensuedwere fired and knives drawn. A shot from HinrrisoToa kill. Prrrr fiurr. anotoer noted ro«dy, was s'ml- Mi'-higan to 'cak* t>e iexl in the matter.i^^t"tn'"^ °K^^? vorce Calendar. It eeeems odd that wherestruck IlicuiK's whicb pvreeoted tha hunting wateh,shot soma three or four weeks aeo The phf-l TheBaltimotc Culriol laya:Theonlydraw-however, cuuld not do M, but staled th>l I!Spencer himself wbo auggestetl Um nitilaka.'il womenlarlyefff CI in!)»ll a'soFmonuef Boas, examtoed by Hr. Seteaiefc experience common with us, is toe failure of seuger agent of ttie New-Tork«BASaa)iarrB»aat-';ptjtols this m»5is a potolwas l5lng In a critlral condition. HBiniTOKix was penetrated his stomach, which prob*'>iy «»»e **v attoewoundfitfctbytbo friend, of bulb parUea, but no one else was Injured.goodly uum^er to tbeir imeqrarier among operatives, who have thus hean rver. the said ticket would aot besame timewasapprehendedat tbe time of Iteoccurrence. Hespcniated uponor toaividual, however,bill, which is before the Legislature andpass. Its tendency, or office, will be to supersede en- school hours, and made a critiCcJ andI'beit would be illegal, because it conflicts with wits, rather than earn a living in a rough ing places, It appears that Basisar, the foreign lessee cannot succeed. If, however, politics in any sbipe, nearly all hewn and ready. This part of the work consumed before twelve "good sad wortoy" aaea1/ the National Cougiess of Bogota should reissue tbe mines, and prefer to trust to their weak Frcm the Budget of Baden, In retard to the bath-slowly progressing.heavy granite chalienged each juror called, and much time was;gambling privilege at Baden Balen, pays and lent to the State ofrat ea to the 60 feet. 'T wo addiiiinal stor- belghlofies, one 12, the oilier 9 feet, are erected on snore. Toesomanyare tormented with of tbeMetropolitanimpacneled. ptani-conjugal InSJelltyHeme),Artiolc6of that contract says: "Thegages neither itself to make nor to grant to any othereoBpany whatever the power to ^staulish any otaer portloiis when oaly seen In outline, leaving tbe imag- profi:s are enormous, Is a sufficient commentary on tan bill become a law and put into operation, are louden-Iroa railroad from one ocean to the other over the lathnoe ef Panama."Article 7"Tbe Panama Railroad Com-done;so many live so fast here and Ills carry engines bywhole work tie probably;does ^wt rameaber ; It wasall InGermsBitb* German who brought wltoess to the oflice wentaway. Ex-ttecorder Smito objected to anything that waaRepublicpartytimoie. Threats of resistance, should toe Metropoli-ination to supply the'detalls, as It always will, with the chances of for the gainTbe Patriotwork. All 1 wish to see Is toe ioauKuraUoa t>e resumed as soon as the season will permit, anJ the ofBca, comer of Cbaaibeia aad West atreata, -on tbajearput togetoersep<iru'e stories,to testby tiadc;a 127,4000., (about $41,000) for the KCP. The fact that after such a deduction hisandmore mercileis cruelty than the reality would have It is said that the Grand Duke of Baden, worked upon geance. So'ne are apprehensive we will bave bloodyat suchown conscience or tbe Influence of the Dutch-strong.issues wurulngs of ven-public,places.The work uftbe aaa took bim to aa ;Tbestock of this hns oeorecia'ed several comttan^OsACOK. I•till of tbeopinion,however.Fowlar m* Cro««-es«mta>d—Did not know of his osra kioirl-the si stem.toeprefer it curulng from our own municipal autburittescess, arc guarantee to us bencetorwud a «6ll-gav- ernedcity. To efiect this, politics and partlsaiir<aiimpression prevails tbHt a Pu- sons are Meiropoli'aneeded, Imttt lacks the moral c.>ur&re.Quite an excited controversy is now going on inreference to tbe Baltimore and Ohio Rallruai, our;tsnie monto and the of bo'h:mar- and G4aarrr, Pitsldeiit of tbe Company, is one of discrimfnatlieageThe anuual report of the Superintendent of Pub-especially produce,provision,ofshoiMn»r in trie ei.d that be is riyhtlasted$730.»1U not repeated on aucceedtog days. Tbe assem'ily dis- f>olDaecetbe embodiment of this woik, m<i<t of it< sto-k between the 1st <-f January ani of .V'lgust. tbe riivingonlyM.,thetxtweeu the IStl, o< Febiuary and toe l«t of AugustTbe Boston Journal38 questtonspottobim by a man of whom be askSd a sooner or later, Is certain to evil-doers. As a gaa- aty of Boston was the defendant, to which tie pl*ln-antbotUy to sell a Uckat for aar fteainer ta baloagisgby In tols manner, verfvtog toe adage that retrtbuHoa,reportsa case in wliich thetencwhirh an- triea on the st efl^rfif spar** land, Pscketi'iEce. cornet of Chamiiers aud"•''"», °'j?L'£'.?rJ^i";to a government."ahad bitAen in'o; was hroutht down, questleaed, stnt. McPrsssriK Is In ja'l, awaiting an Investlfatlon. <ke employ of toe eltv at toe time he received the lo- every steamer;InjuriesIheNoithCeraaa tbalr Staaaahla Company;Untitled Document4 theia liini"likelytoGoverimei.t vier,t to the school-housefrits bis"?(»?«•» -*fi<-excusetbe badaawearerepotsdto be anomaly—toorlzlng. tbe remoral of theSTw'^o^iTSr- The CkrittimW State Capital, to tw to rsadtoess at aU times ryiag ihroogh the Babtm PoUca MU wHkoot soIMt- learn toat H. Consto kaa aasertad, that all Ike aa^toto|a'^Ad^oette, of Texas, cootrarartapoor persons toto prodigal haUts—nnfoaa eaiiadaUy. Mayor Swaaa has aearly reeoTaTed his health, aad as a farorable omen, alnce this eminent jurist has atois, £x-Coveraoia aad Ex-Mambera of Con- occastonalty vlslta the Mayors Oflice. He felt quite"'•-^'•^»5iiS.\troeM,orasydli«Gt'pi»pert7 of the UBlted ADDITIOMAI. FROM THB PACIFIC. long heen known as a strenuous advocate for tha gresa. They usually take rooms at tbe Indignant at the OitylCoaseU for ortglaBtlag aad anr- the oplatoo, which It says it kaa had oaaaalMiwhioathe Oo»ann«aiit tiiereormtjr trwuporc, ••traaapoitid.OTer laid road duriiur <<>"tveallon of such a court. Tha Influence of Pmssla will be In tavor of the movement, as she la tnppoeedupilgped by Prince HAUmaxo and Wuuui voa Haa- paid specific qualifications requisite rlaaeof Misa one of oar14 of the nant maO to Mr. Tao«s)".I^ateatOregaala tbe Hawallaa to occupy the same position tnhas been satlafactotUy explained, oa the leora of press tog emergency.I^ to make kla a katwr alava.ihrtr »•«»• >/ ">• Provinceof 5.000 acre* of land, on each "fde ofof the «ld Chlrtqui Imorore- UEfouSwi?..dUoftheraidAaaaoaaW.Taoap- Cm.od Pacific .Idea of the Uttuaua, iSd vhererer their iMide m«T extend.aad Aaatralla— ChaagaWashtogton, theytalkLoaWm,, ft tregardBoLST, which demanded In the new confederationThe militarysiODS, II flS atf^r of om-Mewa trmm tba Hia«a> ttmimto U as when, ~ CaaatUatiaa—AflalTa ta Baa Fraaelse»— at the Vienna Omgreaa, she presented the paperIf their serrlcea should be required. Like BeauHioxiua, toamount of^^lalcraaiiag Slattatlea af laaaaltyf Direr*brigade*, 88,U7 aoa-cotaialMlwTMflmtai*,ail Pfilinii. Maalelsaaaad atfa-—cea aad laaalreaey Ckeeriag ladleatiaaabelles, to Mr. Aiua, a wealtoy millionaireplantarmeasures toattbem for.parTthies directlyeeenL Partlei are the dIstlngnUiadaccording to thaor talk down totereated toereto haveBaltimore la at to flU such an office, are .uDquestloatble impudence, BomiAa,itog his counsel or advlae. The aiattar, bowatar. llgfatenaeat vooehaafed a atare la mtw^ htm ^_ .farea ofrage, and one oqruimtoergeatyakespplace Dtghtly. Tha mar- report of tbe Adjutaat-Geaeral, eoailsts of five dtvt>probably thirty thoosaad dollars. Sbe was ezoaad-wife of ana ef Iha rreased acc«r«l<»s to toelr business (raM Soutbera most extensive cheeee bayen ia'Haritiaar Caaalf,The Weathreomrpmairladt.iTcly easy,rouragement. andOepaaltairr«ftt*expect- amib. en- pocket ontweigns every otoertelegram announced toe deato of ProCin Jakss;for many yeare. and daring toat perioi acquirea tkeuel Peck./Engineer C^rps, attd a brother of CoL Bamford, of tbe army. Mr. Bamford came here farom Washtogton a year ur two since, suf-prosecution to tha case of Jolm Doonally, ihaigadwito toe morder of Charles Cotnoe <m OcLto tbeedited tbe Hudson Rlrerof those a&ays In wkloh a eartilaArsemblyformerly died at Crotohpattka TklfFERSONAX.trlct Attorney would not hava beeawhich was displayed to conspicuous letters, " Central ble to repair to his DitKese for several days. "The to asking for a higher verdict thaa thatout ofBishop is toe guest of Rev. Father Hackett, of Tarry- of manslaughter, but he has leaned to thebenefitever," so toe caids of adinlsston were sold at the;conclnsloB toat he was toe party, then it would befind bimtfalcd degree. Tbe defence was that be aid aot '-*-*I1,400 feet long and 240 feettheir doty toguiltymaaslanghter ia (ha1 heter to Cbiria, is is Florence, where they expect him to joto them to March, as he has asked to be tecalled,MISCBLLANEO CS.The Boston Journal, 21st, says there was athefamilyof Mr.Ward,United States Minis-pleaded guUty yesterttay to toe same of degreeon thatday amoneandgreat psulcdien of the Adams Reboot District in East Boston, incalamity a certain ItiuividuRl in East Boston sent a letter ttchil-Cl<ybmtoatontf toe enttie to Fowler,bulMirg, from cellar gar- West and Chambers streets, where he was Indsoed lacame to the coi,clusion tont the ru- overbearingthe stories to toelr Mayor's signature to day, and to be sentpossible,to forests^;theypayHarttmomaf such a steamer not being to port, aad aatandAunnpoUs, buwever, seeii<g the exauim^liou andhasmodeled, matoly, after the Metropolitan. Tnisls to lunible down at utice, and Henretluors were en'i>ely unfuuudeo, Tne >;bildrefi,$33 for a ticket on board the atoamar passageahoie work 1»toe fitoess huA aiijustment of toe several parts. This York on Oct. 14, 1649inIs tteheved to be toe strongest and best built work ofreitdedhe met a German, who asked bla where be waaiaatl e ktod in toeBremenNorth near Pier No. M Mr. Fowler aad hi*second, t75witness. Tbe following is a London, Liverpool, liavre,country.buddtogwillto go;be said to River,lanext, provided tne needful iipprupriatiun Is secured.of 1,700 ibeie are 127over 70There are four brothers livng,Sir. Fowler pot to understaaft being stipp<xedlic lustructlou oftoeSchool districts-iiviag togetoerpassedtoeExttminatitn rmunei^—Fowler stood;he toen to gave Itme,foliowtogste-againsttoecommercial liiteiesteof Baltimoreandin 3.Cf4; total numberofchildren, twtwecntheagesof selvesofeveryot-jection.from in the (lolhtsat employed.niT.ce ihbi da\.e»cepttiikel; gave SWfn "Old and sliver to Fowler, whoWestable dealers to Pnllacelpbta, New-Yoilr, Bi>st0li a-id all tic ilsiii'ttv. irii-lndjng tbe uj'-ll tax *-'4S.nr 46 P'ri it in his pockc;aggregate agesnot toe clerk for the Foa give r.Tvythlng ticket;a blUIn posfetsif.r »i v fresh veiisoD. er freih deer-skin,Cf nt!y. jer'ertedprohibitingoi'.-'.eerlast aof Itiicbester from tlie Live Oa Olympic,Mr. toe Court.but It vras »4mltledofllie youngest of whomGerman language lielag received as evi-aiiinunt of piiu.io money rccelv.-i! b> ;Fuwiercanie areaod toecountor* ;players Lone Star Cliios. t(i«d toe experiment of a gam*t^:kUUcRtiout or nm calunge, wito nets, in any water spelled wrung;Cityunite Ice. with skates. The Drmocrat proaoances bai! seen both Fowler andamPsAtcswill be successful. He is by no metiis O'l-fcure In tbe llt.'bi of a compromise candidate f^ir tbe tie • xpeiimriit a decided sucecss, and says tot play net there so often as Gilbert,to«t Mr.Fresideiicv at rhar:estt'n, st.ould the Dern jcrats offrom the Uee of skates by toe ers as wa.*. exiiectfd.day wasjustorthe ofiertog lecture liefore th* Rorers Art Assucta- interpreter at the Tomlis; who saw ft to Octt^er, atMich.7^R*9vlttffRftrarrha«w< DiBcnveryin£g»of histtan and Astvnan AltlUfUiiirt. Hs dwelt upaii theof artmuseumsbypollue oljcet. "Tte Qq^iA iiUed acavoMngwho was Kazinski,ihetoterpreteroftbaCa(ut:tiir Cbrisoan (ezaaiaad Uutyogh Hr. Iiashoemakar toRichmoad, IlL; caaieM New-aminatlon of Mr.la this coun- Tombs, toat person said toe satoe Hammmam, Or, aait is spelt on tbe ticket. "Ammsaia,' waa bMlaMtaL and that It should have beea Tsafeaia. Tha wttaate,otoerto pa**I«hohereafter to kaiaisgalar aalailaa: ikaaa af tha At-- actorgaaHtog TtetftotriafVaftm-BlMk. .Altin. ofLeverby, Newpoit,the crime of there (oaaort" Hfig af kBad& Ba (tha Judge) was itot prepared to say that tha IM*.: afterleavugthetaUwaycan,at>dpocket, and went out to look after my liaggage(counter;1 pat^tW^Sia .U otherwise,not. ThisqaeatloadaytoatoffeLce, and was remanded for seateoce.eompaale*.ag, te. www.fultonhistory.comsi^id^^iSjs,is^^-. 