 10TBEPAYOrC^^vY.•eeeealtpof•»»•*/« i«UMF»yofOur Officers. AaTOnT«9TanHOLSECOMMITr««.Toe evmmitte* on Naval Affairs, to whom w i s refer re1 ttx.Boas*tillfortheSMdUkaticaofthesetservicepayoffarters IB the navy, have had the tame under consider •boa, and will report—that by the law of 1*42 and now intable tn the Senate The motion to discharge the Ont- *»d, tn^ntpessaMato the cornmen school system of the at BJOweattow.ttRtee of Conference was lost—yeas 16,nays 16. Yr-ss State. Bewas tke first tepertatoaeeat under the law ELECTION OF A CRT ~~wMau«jn Ajrp A*,force,theseapayefpursers«u mm:etodependonthe ,eighthundredandtwentyfivedollars:andrate of the vote! to which they should bo attached, andandoneofthemanypartyschemesthathatbeenbroughtnp to go through. He talked without cessation until the power sufficient to socompiisb its purpose. Mr. Van DyekAfter a hatch of unimportant papers were acted epos the Board proceeded to tbe election of a Cay 8*»rta. teadent and hto assistant. The balloting retnbedIM taa re election of 8. S. Randall, as Superintendent bv a votesoutof84,andthatofHenrymwftCto,byti votes.Tmu.scnY Dtrjumcm. no promoted." FOCRTHAcnrroB'sOmen, March26, I860,fas— Agree*Wy to t h e request -contained in your letter Grade,dropped:—Peter Mitchel. Rufus T. Andrews and Benjamin Tearttea service. executed in pursuance of such sentence within one year Prime. The following are now the list of inoorporaNumber. Over. Under. from the day on which such sentence of death shall be tors:—John T. Oonover, Moses E ly , Truman Smith,ofthe23dtost.,Ihavethehonortostatethattheac countsDiedInthisofficeofallthepursersIntheUnited Statesnavyonsendutyonthe1stdayofJanuarym each year,from i863to 1869inclusive, show their aggre-gate payforthesevenyearstohavebeen$491,600, and lOeir average annual pay to nave been $70,21428.Taking this a s a guide, and adopting, a s the lowest rate of senpay$1,800perannum forthefirstfeeyears,to he IncreaseJeverysucceeding flee yearsuntil the pay reaches $$,C0Q per annum for all who have served twenty years and more, the following gradation would give aboutCaptains.Commanders... 2 ..20 ..41 .. 11. 1.. 1 . 3 . 76 . 20 . 1 1 . 2. 2 . 7 9 94 60 46 89 1 626« 109 24 20 16)3 11 S 20 16 13 11 9 7 5— 25•2015 10 23 24 20 1613 10 — 20 16 13 Tl•>Matthew T. Brennan,RufusF. Andrews, Bkwmfield Usher, JustinD.White,JohnM.Miller,ElijahDHolmes,Leon- ardW.Brainard,Jr.,DelesD.Wool!andThomasBlack— precisely twelve,asIntheother. Theonly namewasthenpasted.Mr.VanHour(rep.)calledfromthetablethebinto Atthistablewenoticed,amongothergentlemen,thethe aggregateofthepayreceivedbythepurserswho Ueolanantt. were on sea duty for the seven years referral to, thus —"» «situated, commanding the said sentence of death to hi carried into execution.Sea 6. Lve.y person convicted of murder in the setonii degree shall be sentenced to undergo imprtoonmen ta one of the State prisons, and be kept to ooaanemoat at hard labor for hto or her natural life.without giving them a hearing before an investigsling committee or some other way in regard to the serious charges that had been made against them.Diaper on the other hand was loud in his denunciation Of the Senator, declaring him a trauor to h is p». ly an l vhi•*. that bad elected him, also denouncing Gov. Morganhe list as it now stands:—Job & Black, Samuel 8. Fitch, Henry H. Winsns, Matthew B Green, Samuel Brown, Wil ism McDermott, William McCaffre, Freeman Ferries, Fits Green Halleck, John Bryan, Jay a Just, George W. Iteao, Owen W. Brennan, Alexander H. Dennis, JamesShaw.They are a decidedly •• happy family.''at once take them to bis museum and place them sile byide with bis cage of animals en long known as the 'nappyemily."' 1 will guarantee that the collection will b e fully as attractive to the pubbc as that collection has been, and ihe performances of the " ringtail monkey*," CaliforniaFirm five years Second five years Third five years Fourth five rears After twenty yearsfeature of the occasion was the beautiful bouqvds watch were placed before the plate of each lady, and wtuto tilled the room with rich perfumes. Tbe breakfast was excellently served, sad was worthy of tne reputataa of the hotel.Mr.G.A Richards, chairman ofthecommitteeofar- rsDgtmenls, introduced to the company Mr. Bryant, woo took ta> <bair The Rev. Mr. Pterrepont said gram. After the edibles were disposed of, Mr Bryant said tost it was tot necessary to call the company to order,artaers was always|orderjwhere therewereladies.The object of this meeting was to take leave of their eioansi friend He hoped that favoring gases would waft bun is that Italy of Ameiica which bes beyond the mouritaiBOdS country which w e might call our Switzerland. He woald not deiain them, but would offer the ioUowitig stat- ment;—Thissocialt&tbeilogofoorLaityandClergy—Pleaaaalis itself HLd pleatamase promise of frequent and genial sad blessed fellowship m coming years of our churches.Tbe Rev. Dr. Gecoon eloquently responded. He sad that this scene had/ sprung up as if through the agency of Aladdin s lamp** As a clergyman ne could not bat thai k the laity for their kindness. Here were floe-en, music, women end men; what more could be atkoor$1,8C0 2,2ff0 2,600 2,825 3,003 Upon this basis the aggregate pay of the same pursers on"Lieutenants now employed on seaserv ce198 for opposing this bill. In fact, Simeon was particularly bog?, owls and roosters of this collection wltl be decidedly Severe upon all who had the aueiaMty of opposing a ntcresting to all who may witness thetr movements.poison, assassination, premeditation o r while committingburglary or robbery, and provides that no execution sbt'l take place within twelve months from the time of sen tence, nor until the Governor's warrant issues.The bill was then read the third time sad passed— 94 to 9.Mr. WRBTKR friem.) asked unanimous consent to move forward the bill to commute the death sentence of Mary Hartung.Mr. FINCH (rop ) objected. TheCanalAppropriationbillwaspassed.The motion to restore the Chenango Canal appropriation•35001,600t h e p a y o f a a n ny y p u r s e r n o w o n s e a d u t y u n t i l » * * TM » * -under thewithering curse of this Legislature, which seems to destroy everything that tt touches. Theresas beenaseriesoflogrollingsgoingonInregardto divisionAninterestingaffair tookplaceinthetideroomofUM Senate immediately after the adjournment, between Sena- torMannierteandSimeonDraper. Itappearsthatthe hungryrepublicansoryourcity—thosethatdesirespecial1,500'alone to enough to bury any party who hat fathered" " on other duty. •160 less than it was under existing laws In conclusion, " " " waiting orders69 bill that would legislate him a.lo an office which no c .un- Nochangebisbeen madeIntheBarclaystreetand , 34 binat:on ol circuuibUuice be could be elected to by tue South lerry. The incorporators seem to have had bot-tea duty for the seven years would have been$491,360—^trttofeJ#',«*in»Herfnreferredtothem,andInserting •be arrowpaevrog amendment and tfce passage of the hill as the* amended:—Tf-«Ircrnandslierthepasser,*afthainettoeW W •XpursersInthe navyshallbe determinedbylengthor wrvtee mtteadoftheratesof vesselstowhichtheymaybeattached:andthattheirrjstualpaywhistonteaduty tkailbeasfoUowa:— __ .For the first five years after date of cmwmiSBlon, eign-teenhnndrel dollars;sorthesecondeveyears anerrucb date, twenty-two hundred ani nfty dollars; for tnethird five years after said date, twenty-six}*»***?£ twenty tars, for the toorth five yearn after said date, «—«•*NEWSFROMTHESTATECAPITAL. .»sBsl>^..»»»<'t»^»*sWtrfS)i^^tv*««^*^****'TUe MovementsInRegnvdto*>THten„f Counties-PatsageoftheF,mIntheAs- semblytoAbolish.CapitalPunithmeat- TheBilltoDividetheSixthJudicial Dlatrlct—Almshouse D e p a r i m e n t - S i m e -un Draper a n d Sena tar Mannltrre i n & Squabble.oom sraciAL ALBAXT DBSFATCB. ALBAST, April 4, I860.New York city to not the only locality that to suffering hoar of recess.by similar infiuencts, on a second cuumsteamer,brig or schooner, at one half this sum, the the civil departments of the government, athomeand fewestgradeofpay.Thereareseveraloldpursers, abroad,onthetruthful assumption that twentyfivewhentheywilloeselectedfrom membersbelongingthe youtgeet-of whom has been twenty three years in the years s g o articles of necessity and comfort were pur- chasaMe at prices from fifty to a hundred per cent lentbeingores-edhereagainstthedirectwishesofthein habitants of the county. The bill to opposed by a large majority of the Supervisors; and the tost Grand Jury de-€«>rrespomdeiice. ALBAWY, March 29,1860.Mr. ROHEKTSOH (rep.) opposed the motion, and charged, of tbe school moneys for I860 >>•v? $6$ oat)6,0)0 ggOg 20O9AHooO ttot ijoaa1wouldmostrespectfullyaddthat byadoptingthebaeisabove Indicated,1 am of opinion that there would be n otocreaseinthepayotpursers,butItwouldprobablyre-sultinadecreaseof theaggregatepayina seriesof,say from a cruize at sea within the last three montuntom enough to stand the last shaking, and were able to defend themselves Irom all outside barbarians.irom five to ten years. I have the honor to b e , very r e apectfully, your obedient servant,A. J . O'BANNON, Fourth Auditor.Aider man Boole and his cashier, .^.raeun ILycr wheretn ibe lobbies yetteroay and u> day, finishing up the p -cuuar business which the alUi rojuu have li -re ibis « ;0ter. The republicans on guard at CoDgreeS Hail appear I find upon further mvestigatioo into the action of the HolliBter Bank, Buffalo, tn response to the Inquiries of the to be quite uitconcerted by the more effective milu.-not: oithemunicitalideals.ThtybegintodespairolaayUSicg.ikeachaiteratall,uiiiidtclaliuloudly ugalisttiiegn<.iror Senate and Assembly, Msny ol the city repualiaauahave goi.e home io despair ana disgust. Very cuiso--details are CUIIVLt here cf the proceedings oi tne Aidemen snu tae.r tujiiai rs. Assest-ujects, it appears, aa\ >The bill recommendedby your committee has been so drawn as to keep the gross sum annually paid to pursers mthenavyaslowasitwill beunderthepresentlaw. thaiwillclearlyappearbyanexaminationofthefoliow- hsg statement, theaccuracy of which has beenendorsedday. rroiulhi* soiree a .:.iSi< tu;:d hiS,]w>.eu raisedan: diabunedrjtieofveryoohbider«bicamount,forUicdena' ottbe(.baiterandJanuarybill.It is cnauged bere that aitnough Weed and Taylor gav-thelr saocuoi! to the proposed city "relorms," yet thailhey have cold out the olQce evctiers lor ritibroada. lhave it ui>uL reliable authority tha*. Wtoii last wees'wasclow ted in tl c rieuate pj$t office »itU one of the u jhers u.that precinct, and that then and Uioi e the ba&is of a treat.,wnn ihe altermen was adjusted, looking to »n explijs.o'.iol all t-chemes wcicu shoiid infringe upon themembers of that committee after my charges against themofyesterday.Ihe lobby from the city has swollen toIts highest spring tide apparently. Foremost in the lists here, alter the city railroad forces, are the Aldermen and their allies. Bcole and Star, with various of their lieutenants, have slept by ntght on the roaus and steamboats, spending alternate days bere and in New York. Today it was announced, on the arrival of the morning trains, that the money had come at last, to the amount of $'.£0,000. Il appears taat assessments have been levied and forced loans negotiatedothers the following:—To compel better attendance at the officesoftheCiciksofCountiesand theCourtsofReyord.ToamendtheRuralCemeteryAssociationact. Inrela lion to preferred causes in the Court of Appealsand Supreme Court.Recess til! 7 P. MEVENING SESSION.OnmotionuMr.MIUAKthebillin relationtothe Qua rantibc ot the port of New York was reported complete.A !ai(!e number of ofber bills were reported complete.The bill passed in the Senate to amend the Metropolitan Puiice law was reported favorably.Thebi:itoempowertheBoardofMetropolitanPolicato appoint bell ringers, came up to a third reading.Mr. Wi;b.ME!; moved to recommit the bill, with instruc- tit ES to strike out the first five sections, leaving to only a sectionr.nipellingproprietorsoftenementbouse*topro vida'meaLB of escape in case of fire. Agreed to.poetic inspirations. He concluded by reading a letter from tbeRev.R.B.Cutler, theformer pastorofins churchtowhichMr.Kingtocalled,andotteredthefol- lowing sentiment:—Oar Guest. Thomas Pta-r King—Gcd's blessing ansa H a and hts Jamil* and hto voyage. We give aim the band aad heart of our feUowahlp to bear io our brethren and our etarcfe in CaliforniaMusic—' Aulri Lang Syne.''The Rev.Mr.King was greeted with applause. Hesaid that he thanked them from bis soul tor this warn reception. He was aeon of New York, aJ'ho^hlhst was heldmNewEnglandtobenogreathonor.Leavug here when five weeks old, however, be bad hardly been corrupted: yet he might say that he had hto new cirta here. (Applause ) Twenty years ago he had limed w asermonbyhisfriend Dr.Dewey. Itwas saidthatIf Jove should speak to men it would be ia Homer's Greek. So b e would s a y that the infant hinuv If would speak ab> theioartb Auditorof theTreasury. The firstcolumnshows the pay that ea:h purser w a s receiving and theiraggregate pay on the 1st of January, 1869, a s p e r navalregister o f last yean The second column shows t h e p a yhhe name officers would have received for the same year J receiving the pay of Lieutenants Commanding, a n d theseunder the proposed law —Prcpoaed basis ofsea payfor pursers, $1,800forfirstatx yean; $$,400for secondsix yearn, and$3,000alter twelveyears Shoreandleaveofabsencepaytore mem the same as now.actual p a y o f sixty four The pay of the same sixty pursers o n t h e date o f t h e four pursers, according t oare doing t h e duty o f acting Purser without a n y adoi tiocai compensation for thepecuniary responsibility at tachedtothatduty.ThefollowingisthepresentpayofLieutenantsases tabUshed by law, and includes all emoluments and allow ances, viz —lieutenants Commanding, $1,800 plus one: ration daily.$91, total $1 bJl Lieutenants on sea service, $t,600, plus o n e rationprovince cf the municipal fathers. They b a .soldocttolawontheYonXere railroad-job, tothatextentamongthevarioussubordinatesinthede-tost NavyRegister,January 1,18*9 _proposedbasin,wouldhave been on January 1,1869and tbey have been sit.ee alternately in eUtt->r camp tier", which promised them protection fo r their little atlairs It is'now uuderstoo<i, as * chief ground forthebargamabouttnecoarter,ui_ttheywillnot,back up Judge Brootoo and his remonstrance, woich the; threatened wime time since. Just as they have been yeapartments The amen: ment giving the Aldermen their sala- ries has been ground out in the commit 'eo of nine or ibe As- se mbly; the act to legalize some ordinances of the Common Council,whichwillputsomehiteenthousanddollarsinthe bauds of one of their number, is, it seem*, all sale under the guioing care of Uaiey Hall: and a s several other bke matters are in a prosperous condition, the Aldermen will probably be able to go Into the Senate with a capital of over one hundred thousand dollars] to defeat the charter and the combined forces of Weed; Haws and the hungry municipal republican committees. They mean to do the tbiog this ume in a princely w a y , if their promises can b e reliouupon.Wilson DeBtee..Hasabieton Barry Buchanan BWBgC h h O O M RamseyK. T. DunnWestell€Tvice MurrayV »r» «bt*» Bsmpssweborougb•1,8001,8001,8001,6002,6001,8003 , ( WO2,6002,6001,8002,5002,600l.sool.S'WDo waning ordersDo. promoted to fill vacancies by the retired list, a'1,200they now agtee to torfeit tbem in their intdivMual captgity li w:Jl not be isuiprisitg if ail t.io republicia chairmen and ocinmitieea fbonid return he re, and, finding them sclvis ibis sold; they should take some sort of revenge on the railroads. The portion cf the charter which intkesa modificationofthe Mayor's power, andsupercedesthj a l d e r m e n i s p i t c h e d j n r , 0 a s a s o r t o f J o n a h , w h i c h m u s t be thrown overboard. But the nakedness of such a jobAsylum building.To amend the Brooklyn Drainage actTo provide fer the ibt-pection of st>-am boilers in NewAdjourned.the first eermoL b e (Mr. King) preached in h to church. It was a very rainy ntght, aud there were abovt forty l*t persons present (Laughter ) To dav he had to speak eftee cities, Boston ana Sen Francisco. Of Boston riejrouMoely say that, next to New York and dan Francisco, tt wat tat best place to live in. iApplause) St Paul oaiyre- m a i n e d w e e k s i n i s l a n d c i t i e s ; b u t I n s e a p o r t s h e r e - mained for vears. He felt the value of one heart e«; vtrted to God. and knew how weak he was for toegreet woikhe bad uudertaken. He v-ouid Ike sone of tus ministerial brethren to oblije him with a few sermons, so that be might aay—"Dr. Osgood or Bellows is pteset- ingtoyou." Mr King eloquently defended UM pore aaa simple Unitarian faith a s superior to all others, A S Irishman once came t o h im for ssriOsros.Prmmt•TwoT-1,80$ 1 8 0 0i,8t$ 1.8C0 2,509 1,8002 , 0 0 0 2 500•Proposed payThe following bills were pasted :—To authorize an addition to the Kings County Lunatic Dr. Dewey's words. Perhaps his fri ad could remeobervears from date of commission, three thousand dollars.being perfectly confident of receiving another officiallease lor three years, made no effort with the membersof theLegislature inhis own behalf. A few dayssince a jjtut resolution was adopted in both branches oitheLegislature,designatingaparticulardayonwhichaSuperintendentofPubbcInstructionwastobeelectedonjointballot,pursuanttolaw. Immediatelytberesftsr,for Theelectiontofortwoyearsfromtbe1stofJwatnextthe first Ume in three years, Mr. Rice made his ap- The Committee on Besttow and ^'^toigsj. re- pearance at the capital. The radicals to and out of the ported tt favor or admitting John C Delmartin to hto Legislature discovering that a coupde mam was being •eat as Cmmtoatoaer of the$xtoeatb ward, thoagbhe perpetrated, tnstantl} .rallied their forces. Lieut Gov. overlooked the formality of oompltmc with the la* t*. Campbell. Comptroller Desntoton, Treasurer Dorsheimer,FlwvKt., thatnoOtlng contolned_to « * « * * • » * • »«TMedtoalterthepaynow •^J'JZ.VSEZ duty, tir igsjseen1ass-ant ^"^—^-*--——- ^tmtfixedatJMfollowingactus:— forshipsofa*lineforfr«si*sorrwm .,forSoupsofwarandfirstclasssteamers. Perbrigeandatbooners ....*In the rerviee, and these wars side-wheel steamers. Captaiiie of squadrons 4,000 Admirals 14,182Captains(full pay)... 3,600 Viceadmirals. 11,391 Firstandforemost in these county schemes wat thew '- tienottheeruiae,thedutiesofwhichheisnowper-form)3g.TJUBJS SB0.WT3G TOT CO«TlBATTVn WTX WTornrnm w TOT UOUBB A*D ntrrxD STATUS savna.States bad no steamers of more than 1,MO loci burthen One senior captain... .$4,600 Admirals of fleets... $15,982 the dominant party in this Legislature.r«r steamers lean than first cleatWhen then* rates of pay were established tan raitedand Lord Draper took it into his head to day the tntk ot showing to the Senator in qneetion the indignation of all hto crew of politicians at his (Mannierre) independent course, stating to him that he did not represent his party. The main argument turned upon the New Almshouse bill, whichMr.Draperappearstohaveinspecialchargehere—farthetaudananexttotheloweatgradeofseaservice governmentemployes,theofficersofthenavyalone Notwithstandingalloftbto,theLegislatureIsblindly •a*,andwhichInonly$300morethantheleaveofabsence havebeen entirely overlooked, while they areobliged rushing thebill through, Inthesamestylethatthisre- payallowed thesameofficers; andwhomay,onth-ir otitntogotosealorthreeyearsuponastretch, andpay publican Legislaturehasallother schemestbtowinter, return, be ordered, undrr the law, to brigs, schooners. two ''mess oil's" all the while—that of the family at home in direct violation of the wishes of the people. IttheGridironInxrporaton—The Movement*intheLobby, tionexistedinthedepartmenttojoatiee of the law, as It now stands, and the marKe • t>- eonantency qf some ot its provisions. This oomiaual vacutouea from ot.e extreme to tne other makes it tmpos •Ale for omeets of this eians to make any certain pec Ities to acrtam>ilate wealth by speculation, and must solely rely on ibe miserable payallowed by governmentfor (be support of their families and the education of their children.measures asked for by the people. The Alleganny oosmty billisanotherofthoseseriesofbillswhichthis Legislature ianctes above all other, and if passed will be the com mencement of an open warfare In that county, even more disastrous in its consequences than that which has sweptlegislative balls, like crows about a carcass. The side rooms and the lobbies are to densely crowded, nearly all the time, that it to difficult to elbow the way through them—many of the same stereotype faces thatevery department of the city government.Before taking thequestion thehourforthespecialor-der, the report of the Conference Committee on the Bail- road Toil bill, arrived. ,Mr. Fnmo (rep ) moved to appoint a new Conference Committee. Lost—14 to 14. ^ ^After a long debate t h e moCton t o recede from the Senatebillwaslaidonthetable—16to1ft.The M il to abolish the Alinahowst Department, and es- tablish a Beard o f Public Charities, was further debated byMessrs.Cotvin,RobertsonandSpinola,andreferred to a select committee to report complete.The following bills were ordered to a third reading:—The report was adopted, and tbe Cimptroller was <y. reded todraw hiswarrant InfavoroftheBoardofEds. cation for $160,0(0.Tbe special oemmtttee to whom was referred tbe c IN respondence between the Superintendent of School Bidd- ings and the school officers of the Twenty Brat ward, ia-reference to the concitioo of the new grammar ssbosl Mo.14,intheTwentyfirstward,reportedthatthey tn- aider the original plans adopted for tbe erection of tea building ucsafe, and recommended the placing of inter- mediate wrought Iron beams, pursuant to plans and spe- cifications to be drawn by the Superintendent of School Buildings, and tbe appropriation of $7,600 to complete the building. The committee reported that they consider the.awry calculations for the future, baaed upon the compen- f lute disgrace to the country, and it n the duty of CongressAs the class and character of the vessels v. pen which lity that now attaches to the pay allowed t h e officers o f the compensation ofpursers wasmadetodependhave oarnavy.been so greatly changed since the passage of the law oflet2, a change of the basis upon whichtheirpaystand up under the action of this body of men, then they canstandanything.The bill for the abolishment of capital punishment cameupthismorningforathirdreading. Mr.VanBorn movedtorecommittoteSeleatcommittee,withinstructdaypresentsanumberofnewmenonthefield.The names given in tome of the letters, or the incor- porators of the various city railroads, were not exactlycorrect The following can be relied upon :—John A. Kennedy's name has been dropped from tha Seventh avenue and parallel road, and instead of five incorporators'names It now has twelve, as follows: JohnKerr, Edward P. Oowles, Anthony J. Hill, Hugh Smith,JohnS. Hunt. Jacob Sharp, Thomas H. Town, Peter R.Sweeney, John & Babcock, Robert Marshall, John Kelly, vassers in New York.Jacob Hays. The bill to incorporate the Southwestern Mining LandAnumberofchangesquiteimportanthavetakenplace Companywasreportedfavorably.The bill to legalize the notices and advertisements pob lisbed in the Evening Journal was passed.Also, the Assembly bill to protect game and fish.wasregulated teemstobeactuallynecessarytomeet aae uo'Ofin to the changed condition of the service. If the r»te of vessels was ever a just rule by which to recute'e ihe pay of a class of officers before the inlroducSiavail Statistics.The following statist; s. compiled from the U. S. Xsvy ions to insert the following bill, stating that the friendstktit ei >tctm power into'be navy, and when all could brun: of the -'right arm" of our national defences:—easily ago « on the rate each vessel should take, its jas tier an« ».)ffimetry h-ve been set aside by the general disuse of trie class of resseh which formed the fouQ.ii ttsn upon which the system of compensstioa was* made to restTa meet the difficulty, end to provide a remedy there- far, your committee recommend that length or service. Instead of size or rale of vessels, be hereafter male toe principle upon which the pay of this class of offiaersFsars in Service.qualification.To provide for the appointment of inspectors and can-they would have them used ss girders, and other beams introduced four feet from each other, instead of the pre- sent distance of eight feet. Commissioners Green, Tucker, Warren and ethers expressed various views', ia favorofandagainstthereportofthecommittee'srecom- mended plan; but all agreed in tbe opinion that thaplan on which the erection of tbe building now progresses to decidedly an insecure one. Mr. Tucker? moved to amend the resolution reported by the Com- mittee, b y substituting wooden beams and girders f irononesnowin tbe building, whtohplan. Ifa'shall be established. This principle of length of serviceand tried experience is the one now regulating the rem 14J. Mel BOD Mi RPIIY oflertMj concurrent resolutions advoeatingthepassage byCongress ofabill-toIncreassandregulate the pay of the United States Navy. Laid over. would require no additional appropriation. Thepeasatlon of both army and navy officers, with this single exception, and your committee see no reason why it should sot be applied to punters la the naval service as well s s to other officersThe proposed change wilt create no additional expense to the goveremett The amenlmentwhich your commit- tee purpose anJ recommend baa been so drawn as to Keepthe gross sum to be annually paid to pursers according ton a little below the annual average sum paid the same offi-cers for the baa seven years—from 1863 to 1869 inclusive—nader the laws now regulating their pa/. This will clear-ly appear by an examination of the following statementi t1 .i i"4< if i l ItChsrles C. Clark, John F o x , William Ruveetyn, William H. Peek. John C. Thompson, Thomas Ryan, Joseph 8. Craig—twelve in all.Mr. ROBEBTHWintroduced concurrent resolutions asking Congress for postal arrangements between Mexico and the United States. Laid over.Pending the motion to take from the table the motion to recedefromtheamendmentsoftheSenatetotheAssem- bly Toll bill, the Senate adjourned.Assembly.ALHAJTY, April 4, I860.Hon. Samuel A. Law (rep.) appeared In the Assemblymeat was adopted.The Board then adjourned.Grand I nltsrtan Demonstration. FAKEWELL BREAKFAST TO THE RET. T. STARE II1W ,OF BOSTON, A T THB FIFTH ATBKBB HOTEL. The Rev. T. Starr King, of Boston, one of the most cele-brated of tbe ministers of tbe Unitarian denominat»t was the recipient of a grand complimentai y breakfast atGride..(ivwmoer. Oner.1 60 . 13 59.. 39 46 .. 27 40 3 40 46 35 66 3018 .59 .. 4 3 25 .. 82 20 . . 9 8 15 .. 67 10 . . 17 9Under.i .60-50 4i 4540The bill provides as follows:—Nocrimehereaftercommitted, excepttreasonand murder ot the first degree, shall be punished with death in the State of New York.in the Fourteenth street road. The following have been dropped:—'William A. Hall, Matthew Brennan, Jay S. Treat, James M- Sweeny, Sidney A. Yeomaus. Jared Gib-ut lSec. 2 All murder which shall be perpetrated by35 means of poison, or by any lying in omit, son—or. to make the question short, they have dropped 3i or by ether kind of wilful, deliberate andpre them all but one. The following are the list that now 30 meditated killing, or which shall be commit- present themselves —Stephen R Roe, John Stewart, 25 ted in the perpetration or the attempt to perpetrate any Charles W. Lawrence, John Kennedy. James S. Hunt, 20 arson, rape, robbery, or burglary, or in the attempt to15 escape from imprisonment shall b e deemed murder of10 the hrst degree, and all other kinas of murder shall be— deemed murder of the second degree; and the jury be-12 fore whom any person indicted for murder in either de-10 gree, shall be tried, shall, if they find such person guillvcommissioned s s such7 9 12 26 10 48 6Avenue D line seems to have had a shaking np which has thrown overboard quite a number, and otners havaU i i . . Ki a i i i a t i148 4 32 —5 thereof, find in their verdict whether it be under the first found their way into the cars. Six names out of eight4 of comment'er was March 2,1867,or more than three years ago, and there can be no other promotion to that gradeor second degree.Sec 3. Upon any indictment against any person for mutder in the lim degree, it shall and may be, la«vtul for the jury to find such accused person guilty of murder inwere sp'Jt out whilst in the bands of the committee, as follows:—William Simpson, Anthony Dugro, John O'Keefe, Nicholas Walsh, Henry Cogan, John Fox. Tne following twelve names now appear—John E Dove!in, William A. Hall, Cornelius Runkie, Bernard Smythe, Henry A ('.ark,The last promotion from the nontenants' list to that" '• on,leaveofabsence.2*4 peopleSenator Maunierre never had abetter compliment pa. i himthanthedenunciationthatDrapergavenunthis morning.2-Mote than half the lieutenants waiting orders arc invalid -, and the majority of the remainder hare been ordered io doty since the compilation of the register, thus showin? a constant active duty for the list o f lieutenants. Prior to" " furloughed ThelieutenantsonleaveofabsencehavereturnedItwillbeseenthatsomeofthenamesformerlyinthe bills have been entirely excluded, whilst others have oo'y been changed into other bil!s,ind compromised In that way. Yod will see that four of the bills have just twelve names, as 1stated in one of my former letters tnm there would be.NEW YORK HERALD, THURSDAY, A P R I L 5, 1860.-TRIPLE SHEET.after twentyagainst its passage. B e thought it an unjust bill,or TOTfflrsioB ofcounties,fixingcounty seats andhalf shiring, which legislationforthemselves—are alldown ontheSenator,Oar hue of battle ships, Trigatea and rioope of w ar , Commander's pay . . . 2,600 Q>mjaodore,l8tclani 10,621 Schuyler county operation, which should be placed side by Senator Mannierre opposing it on the ground that heAttorneyOnerslMyers,alloriginal baruburnradicateof taking tbe csusl cath of office bator? taeCtarkcTS the Flsgg, Hoffman, Van Buren platform order, instituted a Board of Education. The report wmskaopiat.^^ ^withonlytwoexceptions,weresaihagveosels,and each elate wan frequently It sea. Sinso 1842 the cha. ratter of oarnavy hasnndergono a radical change. farareTeaselsforallbranchesoftheservicehavebeen Witrodoeedandwill continue to be introduced untilves-Lieutcomspay...1,800Captainof fleet 5,310 Surgeon's highest pay 2,700 Medical inspector... 3,716 Patsea asst. surgeon.. 1.2(0 Deputy Inspector.... 1,770considersttunjustto legislatethemoutofoiii.-e BH l.sm Allen Butler appeared before the the Senate Cemmittte on Cities and Villages, in opposition to the CityRailroadsbillthatpassedtheHous*. Wm.M.Pullis,oftheTwenty-thirdstreetline-,andMr.Ludlow,oftheHoustonstreetstagelinefollowed,bothen-TheFinanceCommitteerepottedttsavoroftbearr-s- priatkm ot K lfip for the purchase of mot panto a* various ward and primary schools wirrnwbont ta* edT Ibisreportwatalsoadopted. w'*Assistantsurgeon.... 960 Surgeons Pursers,highestpay.3,6oO Faymasters Pursers,average 1,7003,715 3,914su'einthehistoryofafl'airewiththei'raidsofamanbythe name of Schuyler, in connection with the New Haven Railroad. ThetransactionsinregardtoSchuylercOBntycaucusofasmanyradicalsofthetwohousesoftitLegislature as were considered orthodox and reliable Mr.Rise's case was engineered in the Senate bv Messrs.Hammond andSersions;intheAssembly,byConlcling,FlaglerandLtttlejobn. Duringthelasttwoorthreedaysitappearedas IfRicewasmakingconsiderableheadway.Thisarousedtheradicals. Theopposingsectionsmetlast Tenthward,Insteadofthatwhichu nowtothebufidirTHen. F. H. MORSE, Chairman Naval Committee, House the passage of the retiring bill there were neariy .; 0 of Represent*'!ves passed mulsh pmen doing duty a s lieutenants and aoliLvThegrossamountpaidforsalariesofpursersonseamasters,whereastherearenowonly34mastersin lae duty daring the last seven rears w a s $491,600; annual line of promotion, and n o passed midshipmen. Tn is itaverage sum paid same officers, $70,214 28. will be evident that 324 lieutenants a n d 3 4 masters, or Theaggregateturnwhichwouldhavebeenpaidtothe 368officers,arenowperforming theduty thatwasf sameofficerswhenonseadutyforsevenyears,underthe quiredofover600officers previous to theactionof theproposed amendment, is $491,860, making theannual Retiring Board. Advancing in ageas well asyearsioaverage pay to all the pursers on sea duty, under the pro- service, with no prospect of promotion for years to comu, been levied up.ir, every municipal deparfuent w$ii i heard against It, but the bill was ordered to be reported, posed bill, 170,192 86— twenty one dollars and forty three the navy lieutenants a r e required t o perform Increased could, be reached, incuiuiiig the employes Ir-.n and he reported it. Some of the members of toe com cents lean than the annual average p a y for the last seven duty, at sea and on shore, and without any improvement tbe asLcart ruin up. bevuiuy live uolUrs to one mittee wh« yesterday denied that they were present whenin their pay since 1836.There are but seven Lieutenants in the i.avy who have quaiterdprovidedforthemonshoreduty,viz: theFirst fjeilentm'satthenavalstationinBoston, NewYork, Wafhligtou, Norfolk, Portsmouth, Pensacoia, SanFran Cisco, and those they have to furnish at their owa expense. All other lieutenants onshore duty hava to hire their own quarters.hundred anu tilly ani two huncrt i dollars were specially the bill was considered, now admit that they wore there.There are Out ten Lisutenants commanding vessels anddaily. $91, total$1,800 Do Navy lards and other duty1,5«T1,500 dy to sell ibe francblseaof Ibe city In their legislative, Bosea, including ration Do. on shore dutyDo. waiting orders1,141 1,"50 760 Wemakenomention ofthetencentsmileageallowel a n o f f i c e r w h e n t r a v e l l i n g u n d e r o r d e r s , a s i ; s e l d o m , i t 'York and Brooklyn. The bill provides that all stationary eDgines (hail be inspected once every six months, and im postsafeeolfromthreetotendollarsforeachlnsoectiou, a c c o r d i n g t o t h e p o w e r o f t b e e n g i n e . I t i s c a l c u l a t e d that ib'-re are 6,000 engines in the two cities.ever, covers his actual expenses while waiting for hisvessel to be ready for his reception, becat'Se on his ro- as the proposed " charter" must then present is so bareS o m e o t y o u r v o l u n t e e r c o r r e s p o n d e n t s , i n t h e i r s p i s yepistles, do not take so much pains to see tbrough thecuyrailroad milistobe as even your more busy "specials "Inthecase ofJohn A.Kennedy, Itisbutfairplayandliteral fact to state, that h e b a s c o w no connection withtheStvtnthAvenue Railroad project, andthatbewith-drew of bis own accord. Ii would seem that some tendays sircc he refused to rescind li's opposition to the appro-pi iation for the Commissioners of Records, and h e ischarg-cd with having appeared against it before the Covernor has been such a hubbub lately, have been loomed to tee- The Irishman was once a Presbyteries artt iru from a cruise to any port to the United States he has to seek his borne, however distant, at his own expense.The Senior Lieutenant entered the service April 1, 1828—32 years ago.faced that there is danger o t exploding everythng. b r a per and the dining room lobby here, who want the fat thingsoftheTenGovernors,are regarded asanewand unprovable accession to the special legislation applicants, as the republicans have one half of the Almshouse atrea dy, and can get no more under Draper and the new conWar Between liew York and Jersey. THE UAKBOK POLICE VSRSCS THE SHAD POLES..The middle lieutenant 184*—20 years sgo.enteredt h eserviceD e c .2 9 ,The Jersey fishermen's shad poles, about which there8,0001,800 Ibe Junior Lieutenant entered the service April 8, trivsnee. Altogether matters of this sort here this week3.6O08,0001860—10 years s g o .TUe first seventy on the lieutenant's list and a majorityare in most admirable disorder.Senator Lawrence is making vehement efforts againstInasmuch ai the leaders of the stage Interest are the prin clpal corporators in the Seventh avenue road, and that they are also closely ldentitied with cha*. W, Baker, and his Iriend uenator Connolly, they were able to put matterstotal annihilation by the "powers that be" at tiie Metro- politan Police headquarters. B y order o f Acting Gene-al Superintendent Carpenter, this morning, shortly afterhis wife an Episcopalian, hut they had osa- prcmieed their d; tie fences a n d became Uuiawaas If this should always be the result he woald prey tost the two sects. thus represented, might el ways five tafstatr in unity, (laughter and applause ) After Wddtsg a touching farewell to h is friends, Mr. King concluded 17 offering this sentiment:—1 be Liberal Christians of Bew Tork and its netottertooj- aay tney support in tee iuture, as sow, the causetaeyssw- eate, and vindicate their claim to an honorable Pjaes.* « • broad shuck by the rigor of their faiJs aad the riches of awr Chrstian character.The Rev. Dr. BELLOWS responded, hanwously 4m*}> 1 LWof the first hundred are older in years and longer in serthe Revolutionary navy; and most, if not all the heroes The appropriation now stands at one million, and provia-.s3,0002^00 vice than was Paul Jones, Barney, Preble, and others of the City Hall bill. It has been re committed and modiik'<'.these measures with thatunanimity that has characterisedhere is engineered by Mr. Downs,of the Assembly Agreat dealhasTheCommitteeonSchoolFurniturereportedtofa-or of placing new furniture to ward school No.42inthaandColonelTrust,inthethirdHouse,selspropnUedbywindmerelywillbebutrarelyifatallMa>rGeneralreceives ..$7,293beensaidaboutthismatterinthepapers,butona-balfstageinterestswereprovidedforinthebills. eveningincaucus,where,afteranyamountofskirmish-Thereportwasreferredbacktothe*M~iirrtoiitoreport•sen on active duty.By tnis change a ciaas of war steamera has been intro-duced bitetheserviceandratedanfrigates,ofmuchtorger the than the old one of battle ships, and one othernlsss, rated as sloops of war, af greater tonnage than the«M ssinxg frigate. The duty of purser on board thesetwoclassesofvessel* isquite as responsible and labo-rious as that formerly performed on line of battle sh pa sine* that time. But the pay of the officers of the army andfrigates,though bydifferentlyrating thesteam vas-has not been told. The means made use of have been of a nature to disgrace all who have been connected withit. twasforalongtimeurgedthatiit.Down?hadpliood his bill in the same boat with the six Gridiron Railroad bills that passed the House, as ho was one of the com- mitteethathadf*efixing upofthesethings;butthatisRufus F. Andrews followed at much length in behalf of the grantees, tnd argued that more roads were a public necessity,andthatcompetitionshouldcontrolthefart.The diecuaaion upon the Almshouse bill was continued in the Senate ibis evening, by Senator Robertson In favor of, and Senator Splnola against it.Itwas finally recommitted toa Select Committeeofmore specifically. ^A report from the Committee on Repairs tad ftanlno InformedtheBoardthatfrominformationfttratooejta be confirmed at the joint meeting next week. The cabal them hyJUr. Bcere, the Clerk, tbe average number ofCMTTKDSTA7BBABJITBrigadier General .. 5,2:4deavoringtoshowtheruinthatwouldfollowunlesstheirColonel Hence,itfellows,thattheofficersofthenavyarereallythe most poorly paid of any clam of officials connected with our national governmentappointments made a few days since, the names of whom the Auditor undertook to keep from the press, are also threefourthsofthe radicalstripe.•Their determination now is, either to rule the Sewardites or ruin the party.— v —• KW YORK ILEGIBLaATT'ttKSeatate*AUUVT,April4,I860. TH» B11X TO JBOUSH THK AL1ISHOC81 DBTAtmErr.Mr. SraoiA (dem.) moved to recommit toe bill, on ihe ground that serious charges h a d been preferred against theTenGovernors,whohadnoopportunity todefend themselves.I up'Is attesting tbe schools of tbe ctty for the year "SB cumbered 61.712, and toat tbe amount of eoppbea ftr- Dished for tbe use of these pupio daring 1%69cow, $60,066 66—SI 16 for each.popil—whiih to a decrease oe the expense for 1868 of §24,141 26, or fifty cents on each Iupil. Thereport,whichwasratherelaborate,wasor. cered tobe printed.TheCommitteeonSchoolFurmVurereportedtafavorof appropriating $6,600 for tbe purchase of a amber of pianos for sundry schools throughout the etty and there* pairingofothers. Tbtoreportwasdtocoasedbatfinallyadopted.The Committee on Repairs and Supplies reported :tf a v o r o f a p p r o p r i a t i n g $ 1 , 7 0 0 f o r r e p a i r i n g w a r d BCCM! No. 2*, in the Twentieth ward. Adopted.TheCommitteeonFinancereportedtofavorofadort^w the following resossttoa»—Resolved.ThatthesumshereinmenttoaedbetakenogjThe rate of compensation now allowed toin thensvy wan fixed In 1836-n quarter century ago—and n o advance h a s been made.. 4636ing, a vote was finally taken, whtoh resulted in a victory for the barnburners orer the Weed and Seward malcontents, ofnearlytwotoone.VanDyckwasnominated,andwillofficers of a— 94,nays9.passed, nor until the whole reoord of the proceedings snailDecertiliedbytheckrkofthecourtinwhichthecoovic-tionwashad,underthesealthereof,tothe•GovernoroftheState,noruntilawarrantshallbeissuedbytheGo-vernorunderthegreatsealoftheState,directedtothe droppeofromtheHoustonstreetlineisthatofJohnquestiontonotsettledyet Tbefriendsoftollarehseily whichrelieved,theSecretaryofStakefromaildutyand circulatiBg the t'ory that the. Central road to frightened, responsibility with regard to the public schools of toe and prefer the House Toll bill to the repeal of th e lasr, State. He h/td been a very successful tttfhtr for a large818TANT—THB 8Af STYfCHOOL W TBB TWnVCT-PTJstT WABD B T J ? ^Thesemimonthlymeetingofthe"—jinta. «#Fducationtookplacelasteveningtotho>ban.Zl*rf GrandandDmstreets-PresidentCurtis tetttodtodTAcommunicationfromtbeteheesewtosrsofthsNm'b ward,asking for an appropriation of tBt^Btooree- tewecboolbousetatbeplaceofwardschoolNo8nowSbertff ot tne county in whicn ibe atate prison may be R Remington. Two have been added. The following: isabolish capital punishment.The House, on hto motion, substituted the bill tatroduccd b y Mr. Finch, which limits capital punishment totreason, murder and arson in the first degree, and panones murder in the second degree with imprisonmentRev. Drs. Bellows, Farley and Osgood; tbe Rev. Messrs. Bowen.Frothlngham, Longfellow, Pierrepout, Btoaobfard, and Messrs. Peter Cooper, Horace Greeley, Joseph Pet-ody and D. B. Martin. W. C Bryant, Esq., presided, tbe Rev. Mr. King oscopytag a place immediately upon hto right. Many of those present Mrere ladies, and alto- gether tbe company numbered about three hundred per-2,600 of the w a r or 1812-14, when they achieved thoSevi: that the municipal, not the legal offloes, shall be removed tn such shape that the keen aud subtle Supervisor had to nine o'clock, a war, surpassing* the memorable onslaught2,000 lories which have given standing and wide renowu to oar2,51)0 The Senior lieutenant on the "active" list of the navyuptown.8ec. 7. Section one of title one of chapter four of partheave over his railroad ballast. A rattling little fight is now going on about these matters, and a raking fire Is kept up between the intractable Supervisor and the lobby,of City Inspector Delavan on the hogs of Frogtown, will3,000 navy.be commenced between the harbor police and the Jersey read as follows:-"Sea 1. Every person who shall here and the Senator from his stronghold on the GrinSing Com- fltbermen. Captain Gibson of the harbor police received2,600 was commissioned Feb. 26,1841. The middle (No. 162),fourth or the Revised Statutes shall be amended so to to2.000 2,630 3.0U0September, 1666; theJunior (826), October, 1869.2 Lieutenants h a t e seen 1$ years sea service a s iieuts.after be convicted—first, of treason against the people of this State, or second of murder, or third or arson in the first degree, as those crimes are respectively declared In this title, shall be punished as herein provided."mittee. A similar passage of arms was had between Pe- his instructions yesterday morning relative to this pole- ter B. Sweeney and John E. DeveUn, resulting in the ex-1»tiItii it 1,400 it it i< ticlusion of the latter from the avenue Dgrant. Weed, it ap- pears, however, had him reinstated, but failed In the caseieb destruction, and late last evening he reported that he would be ready to commence operatiots early to day.Section 13 of the act to establish regulations for tbe port of New York, provides as follows:—8,000 3 0U0 8,000 1,40$ 2 4002 600 2.600 2.6002409 2,409 2,400The quarrel be- to date back, in-tog the city of Boston, and reviewing the ****Z,' - "6 11 8.*•< 10ii tt11 u a. 9 u 18ii ti8iiii79•I ti3i.it86ii ii 2uiii i 11 11 tt 21 1of Kennedy, who will make no terms.tween Sweeney and Develin to supposedcluding the overthrow of Develin as the Tammany candi- date fo r Corporation Counsel last fall. Another little source of disturbance to a statement which the friends of Mr. Haws are troubled about, to the effect that the invidious attack on the Comptroller b y Assemblynuu Smith, in hto minority report against the new charter amendments, was prepared at the Instance of Peter B. Sweeney. It to but just to atate that Br. Sweeney's friends deny this positively. It Is also a tact, which Iu 26•i it6tiI.ti it IS i. •i7 ti ti*•.i.2022ii 144ttiivided by law, for any person to erect, or drive in the soil L under water, in the harbor of New York, any poles for the purposes ot fishing where the water to of greater depthban six feet at mean low tide, under the penalty of five dollars for each pole erected or driven contraryto the provisions of this section: and it shall he the duty of the Eaid Ccmmits.i ners to cause tbe same to be removed.Another Sciaool House Panic. TO TBB EDITOR OT THB VJBJaXD.* ^ Aiapvv, March 90,1860.IsBi to escape from one of the registers in theThe rleamtug Magnolia has been: chartered for the pur- pose of convey tog the attacking army to the scene of UW State, or convicted of murder and awaiting swale**, Tke fftowttals Again Victorious—Increased Alarm of the operations. Some twenty men will form the police force,WsnirnmaT, April 4,1860. Fearing an excitement which ojcurred to-day in Riving- ' school ahouJd be brought to your no- •as follows:—About noon, some vaporshall bepunished in accordance with the piwvtotonaofPrincipal steppedtothedoor ! at the time to call the Janitor.to* he smoke, became alarmed,a few or thewas Injured, am i, aaditawthe neighborhood, Imithe i sereowetnmtgtmnforitheirnh'Wn» I hens dttoesjatoi.of said title are as hereby repealed, . - « — • * • The friends of this bill consider thai there Is no doubt of its passage in the Senate. Ihe substitute was offeredfortaopnrposeofsecuringitspassage10 thatbody..The Aoxmoly next took up the Canal Appropriation bill,which wasread thethird time sadpassed intl"tamoformthatBwotorderedtoalairdrename.The bill to divide the Sixth Judicial district was read the third time and passed. The Assembly also passed a large number of other b U s , nearly all claims and localThe b;!i for the hotter protection of tenement howseswasreportedbythe Staniltng Committee complete,andorderedtoathirdreading—theonly;sensible|move aidestruetMn,inplaceofHenryH.vanDyke,whosetermofoffice to soon to expire, that gmttlemsn wat selected ments on their stolen rights, temjovn etee la Jersey •Marlon (Com. Brent) to here, to sail <t*» • * « 1 W VI.Sec. 8. Section eighteen of said title one is hirebyamended so as to read as follows:—" Sec. 18. The inqoisitioii of the jury shall be signed by them and the Sheriff. IfitbefoundbysuchInquisitionthatsuchconvicttoinsanethe Sheriff shall convey said convict tothc Lunatic A s y 'lum for Insane convicto, there to be kept at the expanseof the State until such time as the superintendent thoreo'shall certify to the Governor that said lunatic Is sane, andthe Governor may thereupon issue his warrant for hto oxecotton, ifhe was convicted of murder in the first degree ormay direct that be be imprisoned in one of the Stateprisons,accordingtolaw." "»aw«« haveseenverified bytheprivate written instructionsoftvtonttm In this country from the tin* »jbenanmeet- in18 ii 11 lentthanoneyear.TsOO Many lieutenant* have seen muchserviceas acting Sec.9.Theprovisionsoftbtoactforthepunishmentof Mr.Hawstohtospecialagentshere, thattheywerenot lion,an immense number of shad poles have been2,400 nontenants previous to the receipt ©Coheir commifexios. 2,4001,9001.800Notwithstandingtheveryplainconstructionofthissac- murder tn the Ant degree shall apply to the crime of on any account to ask anything for him further than the stuck np by tne Jersey fishermen and others, and it tow Pact DI LOASDO, Feb. 1 0 , » » J otpMnwfa brig the Dertoia, to!*«•.£ last,andsenthertotbeCuBed « ^ ^ , ^ - K SnhoBshlBgto!"*. ThefriendsoftheCentra!road,how- ever,atomthatnoTollhillcanhepanted;and,fromthe best inforamon that lean gather,Itwill hethe next thingtoImpoeafbtetogetabillthroughtheSenate.1Yet thecomplicattcnfandcombinationsofthisAlbanyma- chine are each that no person can predict to a certainty.ThehilltoreorganizetheAlmshouseDepartmentwatportionofhtolife,andwasconsideredaswellpostedto relationtotheactualconditionoftheschoolsasanyother personVntheState,wiih„ perhaps, the exceptionof Mr., Randall,theableSuperintendentlathecityofNew York. TheremovalofMr.Riceatatimewhenhewas engaged in bringing the system Into more practical utility thaneverbefore,wasconsideredbyhtofriendsandthe friends of education, as a calamity which should havemistake—for his share of the railroad spoils is centered three, with power to report complete. Several bills were reported from the Select Committee, with power to re-andmarinecorps,anwellasthecompensationofsoldiers, n Btoomfleld Caber, one of the incorporatori of portcomplete.hese bills, who was placed in to take care ofMr. Dowts'shareof theplunder. Mr.Dsher residesin 8t Lawrence county, and is connected with a bank there, butformerlyresidedinHerkimercounty. Thisiswhat securedMr.Downs'Influenceforthegridirons,insteadot the combinations with Schuyler county.T h e r e i s a n o t h e r b i l l n o w b e f o r e t h e S e n a t e w h i c h h a spassed the House with great speed, on the log rolling system, ofanequallyodiousnaturetotheSchuylercountyaffair—Irefer to the billto half shire Alleghany county, whtoh to the Fire Department.Our Albany service,nowdoingdutyonforeignstationsonsloopsotwar thannaw. Inthisgeneralandproperincreaseofpayto cided,byavoteof18to2,thatthebillwananuisance, TheLobby—Workin(heSenateundAsttmUy—Namet ofsals DMpay of pursers serving on them is greatly re-dnced Underthepresentsystemthesenpayofapor-ter is liable to continual change, as,he passes from onevessel to another, for ft m never the same when the Teasolsareofdifferent rate. A younganduntriedofficermay, and often does, through political Influence or favor t t s m , s e c u r e a p l a n e o n b o a r d a f r i g a t e w i t h $ 3 , 0 0 0 p e rannum, while an old and long tried officer may be kept,maiines andcommon sailors, hasbeen advanced to meet theincreasedexpenseofIrving. Weare,therefore,ata loss to comprehend why the gallant officers of our no^le cavy bare thus been neglected b y Congress, and kept uponthesbirtallowancethatwasdoledouttothem twtntyfiveyearssince,whenthecountrywaspoor,anl one dollar was really worth more than three dollars at t h e p r e s e n t t i m e .The members of Congrers have also increased their own pay,andthatofofficersandemployesinall branchesofThe Assembly was engaged throughout the afternoon andeveningintnethirdreadingofbills. Alargenum ber were read and passed.The bill providing for the appointment of five bell ring-ers byPoliceCommissionersinsteadofbytheMayor,was, on motion of Mr. Webster, recognmitted, with in-structions to strike out the enacting clause, thus leavingsentthecommitteebyMrA.J.'j'Bannon,fourthAuditoruntilthecommanders'listIsreducedfrom114to96,andtheseconddegree. WilliamA.Herring,Wm.B.Marvin.JohnV.Corn,WilChamberto-day,forthefirsttimesincehtosevereattacktbeFifthAvenueHotel,yesteroaymorning.Mr.Kingeven then, under existing laws, the lieutenant promoted will, when on leave, only receive bis leave pay as a lieu- tenant, and when on duty not the full pay of a comman-liain R. Bockmaater, George S. Thomta, Wifuam H. Hays, James Murphy—a nice set, to say the leastof the Treasury, in answer to the mode of payment sub-mitted to brm by your committee for examination, with nrequest that he would compare it with the annual averagepa ments to porters on sea duty for the la-t seven years, der, but, In the words of the law, "the difference between flnement at hard labor in the State prison until such pun- of the Tenth avenue cars, but It seems that a number of andreporttoyourcommitteetheresultofsuchexamina- theleaveofabsenceandwaitingorderspayandthe ishmentofdeathshallbeinflicted.lowestseaservicepayofthegradetowhichtheymaybe Sec.6.Nopersonsosentenced orimprisonedshallbeSec 4. When any person shall be convicted of crime punithable with death and sentenced to sutler such pun- ishment, he shall at the same time be sentenoed to eon-of illness. He continues very weak, and only remained inhas recently resigned his charge at Boston, and sals bytreasonsand the punishment of murder in the second de- tax levies and a few fiscal points, chiefly of a legal hear-r e e as herein provided shall apply to all crimes now ing. . v ^ \° *** porsonn now under sentence of death Inestimated that about two thirds of the poles are to direct (oi llict with the statute.Tbtov e m lmw Sees. 11 12,13,14,19,», 21, M , « , B4,2n, 38 s o l 2»this act. »akworoffst More Radicals m the Canals, <sc.The strength of the Seward whig and the barnburner radical sections of the republican party, to antagonistic positions, was fairly developed ia* legislative caucus lastevening, tt occurred upon stleotlng a candidate tobesupportedbythepartyforSuperintendent ofPobUo/nby the Committee on Cutes and Villages this winter.of the conductors on tbe Second Avenue Railroad, named Prod. White, was almost toatanlty kitted o t the depot, b ylieved bytheMohicanTbeSomptor. Lleut-ra^^'.»._ t#,Vt-<ton 1306917ie Brooklyn Park MB also patted the Assembly thiswww.fultonhistory.comUntitled DocumentThomas M. Tryniski 309 South 4th StreetFATAL Accxnawr—About seven o'clock tost evening one Kabenda, and the stove portsatwih of tns -n*. •>-' r be thus emptoyei until tbe 1st of ^*\*j7r£;«zriFulNewYorkunder dtocusc on hi the Senate all the naornmg, Senatorgpinola being the speaker of the occasion, and spoke been avoided. Ever msoe hto removal, or manappoint hi a dilapidated condition, was reisntdto tbeftoaTmt h e a p p o i n t m e n t i n t h e s a m e w a y t h a t i t h a s b e e n , a n 1dx.,dx., rfc.The hotel keepers here are reaping a good harvest justpress. Thebinwasnettoaidthetaxpayers,huthadIts PianosforwardschoolsOfficers of the navy have no extra allowances, and can with the action of the Albany Solans, unless itto to make now, especially from New Yorkers, who continue to pour origin to intrigues. Designing men, who desired to get Incidental expenses of Board of Education........ ijm%ev(toresnipsatthelowestpay,whichla$800Ismthan aswallastheirownafloat. seemsthatthewishesofthepeopleha>enothingtodoleaveofabsencepay. Thisfact shows clearlythegreat engage in noother business. Theyhavenoopportuni- them work all theharder inthedirest oppositiontoall inuponusbyscores. Acrowdisstillhoveringaboutthe everythingwithintheirgrasp, badtheentire controlor Specialappropriations 26,0w>The neglect to which they have been subject is an absosation they are to receive. forthwith to remove thestigma of meanness and tllibera over Schuyler county. If the republican party,can have been here during the entire session—whilst everyRegistJ r for 1800, will be found very interesting, as afford- ing much valuable data in regard to those who bear theoftbebiilin this Bouse had thought it best to take this course, fearing that they could not get the original bill through the Senate. The bill after considerable discus- sion was re committed, the committee reported at once, and the bill was read the third time and passed, yeasRelative to the University of New York city.To amend the constitution and abolish the property present iron beams supporting tbe floor too far apart;It seems that only three other names were shaken outthe bouse a short time. the steamer Northern Light for California, to-day, to pre-The bill to create Couhocton county was ordered to a side over a Unitarian congregation at San Francisco, laothershavemanagedtojgetonboard. Thefoliowingwerethirdreading.The bill to divide the Sixth Judicial district of NewYork came np for third reading.Mr.Govmt(dem.) movedtostrikeouttheenactingclause,whichmotion,after adebate,waslost, Tnebilviewofhtoeminencetattbedenomination,severalleading Unitarians of this city and Brooklyn extended tehimiLa splendid and deserved oomplimentTbebreaklsaltookplaceatnoon. SixparalleltabVes^ wereset,andalargetablewasplaced torthemoreda- anguishedgueststransversely atthaheadoftberoom.CommiU*e on Cities and Villages, that there were at lea<t fourpreventwheniheWashiogtooHeightsbillwasfirst considered, and Mr. Collins was present, who denies tnat he ever said that he bad any objections to sit with them; he alto states thst the bill'was considered, and that he stated his reasons why he should go for it Mr. Pond also stated that h e then said that parties wished t i b eAssembly, whether any interest was paid for deposits to th>UnitedStatesCourtfortheNortherndistrict,from which, and Irom the remarks of Mr. u* Allen, it appeared that the managers of t,x bank, by consento' Judge Bail, alter consultation with Judge Nelson a n d other emiueut men, had contributed or donated certain sums of mooey to purchase bocks for the law library of the Nortbiru district, the property of the SuUe. in consideration of the advantages derived by the Bank from the deposits of tuc moneys of the Court.three years since, at a time when the radical* entered the• republican camp. V an Dyke ousted Victor M. Rice, of Bunak-i. an out and out Seward whig. This gavegreat oi.ence to that section of th e party. There w a s n: littiicaticn for superseding Mr. Bice. He hadbring hij torm of office, brought Bght and order oat of gw_u. A -•-at -a-— sw_a »_J.._m _ —Tbe Magcol a was to have started on her mission this mornir g a t nine o'clock from the Battery barge.stearovia, to discharge berKroonten, and, onP**?^ crdere.toproceed to theState* Shah—batto*!^ left of her complement to work "hip, having TM ' ^ T . . to the United Sales in prises and as invalids. TMJ"** Mystic (Use*. Leroy) to nowerutofagofl theCoogonv^.Btrnum shouldfor life. It defines murder in the first degree to be by sons. Dodworth's Band was In attendance. Anottombtoto(Apptaute ) All coald march together to the mustc of doeken tr<ui each man according to tis saUry <>alis^pi, b'it forgot about the bill This much Iconsider due to the Several bills of private interest were passed, amopg Br} ant's exquisite poetry. Woman gave man hto hignestment, a smothering vengeance has been felt, which has recently burst oat with considerable force, but not withCommittee.mSalaries of teachers and janitors. SupportofFreeAcademyDo. NormalSchool Mr.SFIJIOLAwarmlydefendedtheGovernoni,denounc- Do. Evenlrgsebooto.ingthechargesasemanatingfromacorrupt,prostitute1 Suppliestotbedepository Rents of school premiseson hto own responsibility, that gross bribery and corrup-was lost.A communication was received from the Cashier of theAFTERNOON SXSSION.tog in a private parlor, and Edward *>«*»»Sec. 13.Itshallnotbelawful,exceptIncasesnowpro- thelittle churchtn Chambers street, nptame p »time, and alluding to the present condition ortas » a » nation in this city, State and eocatry. ,J*TM£.TM JZ marks he exhibited a cross made from tne woou « 1*.^^'•speaatr. followed, andatatot.hoarthecoa- pany dispersed. •Nnval Intelligent*** l*frsn9raTeisnun %^TMI%'hon board, and was a worthiest craft, hardly goiMjoo^for arewood. This watthe° ^ "f^^rwro-1bad since arriving on the coast f s » ^ZSM «•>-uncer the command of Captain Gibson. Mr. GeorgeW. mouth (Com. Colhoun) to coming a. we an*" „, TBlunt, one of the Harbor Commissioners, has consented morrow for Porto Praya, wbeie we iibeliproviw-to set as Generalissimo during the war, and will, there- tore, have entire charge of the expedition, including the plan of the battle, the arranging of the terms of peace, and the designation ot the shad poles whisk are to be visited withdestruction.. There maybe a nice bttie rumpuipic-w out of this raid, as the fishermen have got windof theintendeddemonstration, andexpress them selvesdeterminedtoresist «*tothedeath" ail encroach^JfvV«towater ship, and then crutoe to the•«at tbe Canary lalaads. as far as Medatra, wbswjse a ^ remain until August Best The ^^^tTi^ m at upon the South coast until Jane, when «1M irw»- Madeira. Tbehealthofallonboard tbe 0^'JTLn g od considering this horrible chmete 4 * * " " ^ a , (Com.Goeoa)hasnotyetarrivod: shetodaJy "J^MP andwetheUperhapsfindberatPorto£»^ \S?fcrH f c B'JrL^^..( . »JsBWy*v^' 