 wsrt of tit* u*Ncoaa©**• wtfd," - « ^ i t »M> * COOT* * S ***"'! CfcBS em-m'-ere^. •We' f>tho•:- -opiniox*nt* even atattj casea.<wV»d front :«»•<»; they '"» moatvC :.», XOacf>rhina- «readl "-rty inlu- Ai:n*nt, " ce dew • m tixj ^arty ia*»k so, for ^*«ogto ''•ivjd fot' - ter do-. "•"ereae*.-.cere of the property on board. j •general filters is pronounced impracticable, from the with a well-filled portfolio, inclading sea-3ide sketches, poor of the country; and have also granted 100 florins I I beg also to say that the work of renovation of tfco experiments made in London, where, after the expen- in the neighborhood of Portland and river scenery inj <to the Model School at NeuBtadt, in recognition of the p< ^ *°BUda*n °* wonderfol as your correspoad-sfatal.—Mr. Alfred G. Holcomb has made an improvement in electro-magnets which promises to enable telegraph- ic lines to be woried with considerable less power thanin, so curiously elaborate as to cause a feeling of pain in the beholder; but in these batter studies, though they are as elaboiate as former ones, the labor is not BO painfolly evident, and in the quality of light they show great improvement in their general effects. At the"orttha EveryconUit-utional interference by Republicans, add permit rity of the man, with surrounding ambition and corrup- jne to *ay that I cannot but think/that if gentlemen of tion", which everywhere abound. There are here two—Since Mr. Ehninger has returned from his Summer jaunt to Berkshire and Newport, he has fitted up an elegsnt studio at No. 62 Lafayette place, where he re-J* Io there5*69 Of rOC»J whex» >r>, they r*-rty. t n>win? !,-*, haa>nous, -:• great «• euphati*—The transmission of power, through the medium of compressed air carried in tubes to the place where it is required, has been a favorite theme for speculation for some years past, and a little more than a year ago-a company was formed and application made to the French government for permission to lay mains in the city of Paris, to convey air to all houses where it was desiied either for power or for ventilation. We have heard nothing more about this company, hut the sub- ject is still mooted in'mechanical circles, and the details of the work are gradually being elaborated. The last of which we have heard is a machine for the compres- sion of air, the invention of Mr. Vonwillsr, which.the editor of Cosmos has seen in operation in a work- shop in Paris. It operates on the same priociple as the bucket water-wheel, except that instead of using the tendency of water to fall through air, the tendency of air to rise through water is used, the wheel revolvingby the new king on a meaesge to his mother, Madam no publisher in America had the courage to put his^'ootiaL : i>n, ana : :hoa$•; -3de- •mg, it *T tO itxuri-&? v> baantagonist of strychnine; he has poisoned dogs with Frere, Mr. George C. Lambdin, who has been making strychnine and cured them by injecting curare into sketches in Ulster County, in this State, has some veryfessors, church elders, or half-hearted professors oifriendship for the slave. It is a real treat to look 00this eloquent and enthusiastic man, who seems as ifgif<ca with inspiration on his noble theme, and calledto the position of the leader of a new and vigorousrace of Abolitionists. There have been, aud there staffare, men in the United States, who have labored noblyand sacrificed largely in the cause of negro emancipa-tion, to whom we most gratefully render all the hoot- .age due for the .work they have done and are doing;but we never eaw or heard any man who could rivalsfor literary taste, for mighty eloquence, for thorough-heaittdnets, for self-immolation, the distinguished man[<? .meetly,cr. eonsti- r*quiredJ •*">\ thugevery Mfa» ©con- >•> voter,•. "Even" *i! .\forra, i It ia >«ricaa and it ': *nent- *y ar**s ;benz - ad .a this .•-•.i.>c tho snd^per-t meaner i ;or Mr.* 'wears of l a m e n t T^ryex-x* tbeni- ^nforce- -:- They . ?:: sweet roiuk, which•'. They . can dl*r snp* •erect,^^tjust a con-ilScnltjr•rtarzar-oset the I'OX the peopleYkeep* •aon*.[P">p »e? k e to v e-isqnea* fc'.erven* '"orpoee-afuil •hen, •>r th« »*--ange- Jodgea,MJdent-t•Isiorxm •j- « ^^Ecoazyl of Jef- ert to a>It eer- udfar- a*pre- aronghjuse-.tav people of thewaoua£i and•'ion of?*». and!proper sedthea rah* , srihia.riers against Slavery extension, relied on by thece in water, and the compressed airV>einglet down undernow. It consists in connecting the poles of a perma- Academy of Fine Arts in Philadelphia is a large pic- nent steel magnet with tho.soft iron cores of two heli-cee. In front of the poles of these cores is placed the ture of South American scenery by Mignot, which was armaturs. The steel wire spring used by Mr. House painted in Baltimore last Summer, and is spoken of asSiatepeelediiared;:l< ia9pro- . ' paia-step.uaonj o t h e ha.ro after itory feder nt of ,into then opo- ldofCon- ting* Jef- ruee.ede- jues- a put " sXf>oattha id bo idfor , into>TiZtodi, andf thef« soy tho optedstatur, ItBOW»ala*' the .. ft&tevee,^meli^'Q-bi!L heir tekx . it, a -an4 rsoxr fcrea owa "hat 'tho . tho Etas tsedl•pio ; of.of mi- tee.>«, iar"*, 90*»,'•It.Jr. itright." [Applause.]FRED X. HASSACREX, ESK.profession they choose. Wind-power is not use d at all, limited information. As we were the first to direct gamins, which show very marked improvement; he hiig, who bad been watching the 'wreck all day, putw ater-power but little, and animal-power only to a ve- public attention to the great meritEfof Mr. Van Beeet out a boat from the. Lohgatone Lighthoase, and rescued est he had come to the perfection of the sparkling dia-\*accumulating in the bottle passes through the secondpromply given; and should invasion endanger us, tube to the bottom of the boilsr, where it insets the tate of. the late Mr. Van Beest, aud not Mr. Van the 12th of September. He. was a member of the In-hi••*oigntv T^P a word, it is a complete illustntfion of the eayu-V cf Talleyrand, who, wnon asked the moaning o f aox-iutcrvention, replied,* after' ttinsfcg a moment: * 2So»-ij»i«rvetitiCTt—non-intervention—ah! it is pretty mnch the »»me thing as intervention."And cwuiaiy Mr. Dooelae's plan has not proved a . l>oneiiri*l ono for the country. Far from composing tho'cenfroversy concerning Slavery, it has inflamed and emt itif T*d it. It has introduced discord and strife into the Teriiuxies, and it hae excited distrnst and aliens- tien b*>ond all forme? precedent, between the differenteoctioM of the country. .I regAid then the settlement proposed by Mr. Pou- • glas aTa fdlnre; I think you will agree that I do notI 80 retard- it without reason.Let n e now submit to your consideration the Repub-lican I'hin. It. consists simply in denationalizing fUavirv. Ko Bopubhcan proposesany interference mttb $I»TM7 fa • a y State. Our thoory wisely leaves to each State.complete control ov«r all its domestic con- cerx?. Yctt in Kentucky have neither the right'nor thodispvriticn to interfere with oar affairs in Ohio. W e in Ohio have neither the right nor the dispositionwater, which is apt to be tainted withndceral substan- quadrupeds is exquisitely comical. Mr. Beard, ws'are ces, and also to have lees than* the proper amount of glad to learn, intends coming to New-York to reside.PERSONAL.• ement is prejudicial to the interests of:the ehaxefaoidort , and the direction..carry their views into effect, but with dueregard U tbomissionary, Father R. R. Jacques Netzvetof, at Ikog-mut, in Sibeiia, latitude 61° 47' 14",.longitude 161° 13'50" East; have been, reduced in St. Petersburg. The him, has ventured down as far toward the equator as mean temperature in winter isl° Fahrenheit, in spring20°, in Bummer 15°, in autumn 28?,; of the year 25°. traits of our Southern brethren. '. \The temperature often sinks to 40°! below zero in thewinter. The general movement 'of the atmosphere istoward the northeast, except in summer, when it isceives joung lady pupils.—Mr. Thomas Farrer, a Ruskioian, and a disciple of/Slavery in STATES, they do propose to exclude it from, tucky lady—a member of the First Presbyterian tention. The project of a universal language has been the pre-Raphaelite school, who has resided some yearseca'es in alternate reliefs and depressions. Dr. Cloquetobserved that it would be desirable to make fartherattempts to introduce the skins of the inferior verte- the strictest economy.to intf i fere with yonr affairs in Kentucky.Slavery in- Slave Stales is. in no danger from un- country. It is good to contrast the simplicity aud pu-New-Orleans, where he is quietly painting the por-brata into trade, seeing that,.as to thickness and dura- bility, they decidedly offer greater advantages Jfhan those of the superior class.—The London Athenaeum says that a bit of ro- mance about Garibaldi may help to explain the hostility of the Dictator of the Two Sicilies to France, and that of the Empeior of the French toward the Liberator of Italy. The family of Garibaldi, like the family of Bonaparte, is Corsican; and the name of Pozzo di Borgo or of Louis Blanc is evidence with what fiery hate a Corsican may pursue his vendetta against that lucky race. The Dictator's grandfather, Joseph Bat- tista Maria Garibaldi, was one of those patriot Corsi- cans who gave the crown to Count Von Neuhoff,Slave S'atee would study our principles on this points little more carefully, and represent them a little more correct y a good deal of misapprehension might be pre- ventto. In the misapprehension there may bo soma dar-gtr.candidates for the Presidency—one traveling over the country, clamoring for the office; the other, the same affable, quiet, humble citizen, patiently waiting the voice of the people. " God favor the right." Mrs. Lincolp. will giace the White House, and enjoy it, too.'' .»But while do not. propose any interference icitk Her ambition is equal to the position. A true Ken- formed in Madrid, where it ia meeting with much at-'^Territv) iex. There can be no pesos without sach ex- clusion, and why should citizens of Slave States com- plain oi it ? Laboring freemen will And there happier and mt Jr» prosperous hemes than where Slavery pre- vail*. Capitalists—whether of Slave States or Free, can ic v» st their means there with fairer prospects of returns, than if Slavery were allowed. Nobody is harnu o. but ell are benefitled by the excursions. And not only is this policy; beneficial in itself, but we have for it the sanction of the wisest and beat men of the^Republic. Tho Compromise measures of 1850 are ax>metim«s alleged as precedents for the Kansae-Ke- fcraaka act of 1854. But the latter finds no sanctionjCThjtt*Yt-r in tho former. Mr. Clay, Mr. Benton, and Mr. Webster, were all in fav&r oi exclusion—notf in- deed in favour of Congressional prohibition, for they thought that unnecessary—bat in favor of the exclusion 'which tboy all agreed wui already accomplished, as to the Urittory acquired from Mexico, by googcaphical condi.i* ns and tne Mexican law, and as to the territory acquired from France, by the Missouri prohibition of 26;30. Who has forgotten the declaration of.Mr. Webster, tbat whereover bis vote should be needed to Stay the ev3 of Slavery from any foot on Americansoil that vote should not be wanting ? And who can forget the emphatic exclamation of Clay, that no vote of hie should ever be given for the " propogation of "wrongs 1" -Shaii we bo censured, then, if, seeing that the bar-Church. in New-York, has jast returned from London, where Mr. Douglas was here on the 18th. His visit will 'renewed by Sefior Sotos Ochando, who has enlisted inilium iocs men, have7 all been broken down, we seek to establish new barriers as walla* to repair the ola ?1 shy to you frankly, that Republicans mean to ex- clude Slavery from the Territories. As to the mode of exclusion, tney are comparatively indifferent. They are willing to accept any moce which will certainly be effective. They believe that the Constitution, justly Interpreted, would, of itself, accomplish the oojeet. Oi ve them such an interpretation, and an honest admin-and ixto the buckets, which it raises by -its a3censive force. A revereaiof the machine, using force to turn the wheel, will of course compress the air, "the inverted buckets taking it from the atmosphere at its natural ten- eion and carrying it down into the water. It becomes compressed as it descends, and is finally set free at a certain depth, the degree of compression depending up- on the depth to which it is submerged. A tube with a funnel-shaped month, placed immediately oyer thewho is now. among us. The great power of Dr. Meanwhile the offenses of the Bonapartea against the. Cheever teevut to lie in the determination with which3strat.cn of the Federal. Government, and they will becontent.. They regard simple prohibition as anothermod**, and they will accept that. And most of themfcelie ve—I certainly beiieve, for ono—that a true doc- point where it.is discharged by the buckets, receives it trine of Federal Nop-Intervention and Popular Sov- in its compressed state, and it may then be carried to a ereignty, fully and honestly applied, would almost cer- distance and need for ventilation or reconverted iuto tainly have the same result, and, failing to obtain pro-,seriously ill in London, at the last accounts. rock in the Straits of Bonifacio, which he has ,_ /,_ .„ ._ T _ l i „ 1,QCJtSTlONS PROPOUNDED TO ASD A.NTWERED BY GOV. less than that of gas-works in America; The avorage CHASJL.Before he went upon the stand a slip of paper em* price charged to consumers for the gas in Great Britainfrracixg certain interrogatories, with a request that he is about $1 80 per thousand cubic feet; from this dis- : should answer them, was placad in the hands of Gov. counts of from 5 to 30 per cent, are made to barge con-pictures to be seen in Paris as I had anticipated. I have seen but two of E. Frere's, but plenty of T.venture to say we hope the day will soon come whenAnswer—He is riot, and th^rc is not a Republicanin the Irngth aud tneadt^f Cite land tcfio is,. (Vehe- ' companies here make no deduction on large quantitiesadjective, and is ignorant of- the meaning seen one of his paintings for sale. All the paintings a crucible over a furnace, and the fire had com-ment appjanse.) •2. Qneation—Does he recognize the right of anyState to withdraw from the Union ?Answer.—Gov. Chase said he was not authorized toof gas, arid consequently large hotels, like the St. Nich of a word in common .nee forvthe^past two hundred which have any pretensions to genius are snapped up " The Trio, Mr. David Andersen master, of this municated with some charcoal lying near by, andspeak for Mr. Lincoln, but that his published speeches panies pay as high as 12 per cent, dividends, and manyfarshire was "wrecked in 1838. The sea ran so high, the clouds of sracke that filled the house. Without ,mdicate that he believes that no State'haa the right to secede without the consent of the other States, except- ing the right of revolution. If the Government op- presses the people of a State, they undoubtedly have a right to iedrees their wrongs, but excepting by consent of the otuer States, in his (Gov. Chase's) opinion, no Stf*te has any right but that of revolution to secede.3. Question.—If he does not recognize sach right, what will he do if some of the Southern States should decltxe themselves free and independent, and retire JrcTX* the Union 1of them pay 10 per cent.doing good." And, in the same sense is tho word used of the latter, but not many of the fust. Rosa Bonheur and the wind was so terrific, that the crew were afraid vouchsafing any thanks, he ordered the interlopers a l by all classical English writers. Having spoken of works almost exclusively for foreign orders, Lambihet to take to their boat. The men, therefore. \jumped out of doors, and cloeed up the house. People begangive in the city and county many'votes for Lincoln.it many of the beet minds in Spajn.. Committees have he 1)8 been during the Summer, bringing with him aSCIENCE,INDUSTRY ANDINVENTION.been formed and rules made, and 'by the payment ofabout $4 a yeareach member will be entitled to receivegratis the statutes, grammar and dictionary of the uni-versal language, and the journal and all the other pub- the Highlands, catching glimpses of the departing crowned Theodore the Fiist of Corsica; and beiogsent lications of tbe Society. A preliminary publication is glories of Autumn, and Kensett, Hubbard, and Suy-The general result which they propose is plain and —A single houee in London has given to M. Hase, By the combination cf the steel magnet with the heli- the Royal Academy, and, at the time of hissimple. It is non-interference by the Federal Govern- photographer to the King of Prussia, an order for thir- ment wit*Slavery in States, and exclusion of Slaveryfrom the sphere of exclusive Federal jurisdiction. ty thousand copies of portraits of members of the royal fThis pian, 1 repeat7 will give peace. The subject of family.'ces the positive power of the helices is found to be death, he was 81 years old. He was a nativeAt aliovents, whatever the decision of this question is poured into the boiler, and a pint of weak tar-watermay be, let no sacrilegious hand be laid on the Union into the bottle. A spirit-lamp is applied to the boiler, of the States. Let no rash and reckless experiment bexoade on the Const'tution of our country. Let us of and the steam thus generated goes into the bottle,where it yields its oxygen to the tar, and the hydrogenonly one-fourth the power which is now required.must be familiar to all American readers of illustrated English books and periodicals, is another of the lately departed worthies of British art. Ia Francs public honors, have recently been paid to the memory of Mercey, a landscapiet and marine painter, who died onOhio t*d you of Kentucky dwell together in our old com o: u. When your interests need our aid it shall beiCentutn.', as of yore, will send her sons to join us in flame of the epirit-lamp. As soon as the hydrogen be-repelling it. Never, never ehalt the beaaaful river'•that now rolls between usrun red with fraternal blood. gins to burn, the spirit-lamp may be taken a eray, andof Hawkins, it seems, is the administrator to the es-Cleef. Mr. Hawkins has manifested a very lively in- a writer in the Revue de Deux Mondes, and theterest in the reputation of the deceased artist, whose Artiste, and was better known, perhaps, as an autfibr effects have been intrusted to his charge; and wstrutt, for the sake of all parties intejeaied, that he will tbanas_an artiet. -l>ut ;>. all lime to come, as now, it shall flow onward to the Gulf,"bearing on its oosom our common com- 'jnerce, Jiving either shose with the benediction of feae«. and unitinig forever while it divides our States.Appiawe.lthe process continues until all the water is burned.—Of the 1,015 gas-works in England, Wales, Scot- land and Ireland, the capital'is $90.000,000.'. Tho aver- age capital of British gas-works is nearly 20 per cent,.marks of pubic respect and private homage and af- fection which the distinguished services and the per- maniftst the same degree Of zeal in attending to his sonal character of'the modern Bayard' have richly pioper business that he has in meddling with that interesting gossip about art and artists in the French earned. We only give expression to the feelings of all which is not; but, if Mr. Hawkins's knowledge of capital. He eays: "There are not so many modern who know either tne man or his services, when weolas, Fifth Avenue-and the Astor House, find it to then-advantage to make their own gas. Some British com-port, which was wrecked on the Fern Islands in consumed a considerable portion of the floor. Ho•mw*NEW-YJRK DAILY TRIBUNE, WEDNESDAY, NOVEMBEB 7, I860.before using ft. Friends ia their calls have been con-siderate; Bid], his cheeks are more sunken, and thebones more prominent than four months ago. HeshowB the wear and tear incident to his position. Ifthere is any one thing that will make his position try-ing, it is, in my opinion, his scrupulous regard for theinterests of all and a desire to promote them. Whiletrue to the doctrines of the Republican party,-no onecould he found more ready to favor all parties whereit can be done without betraying his own. This noble,generous nature and honesty of heart will account fortho hundreds, yea thousands of Democratic vot*s thatwill be cast for him in his own and neighboring States.A fellow-laborer on the flatboat on the Wabash,Charley Hanks, now living in Decatur, said here on ordinary purposes. The coolingofjthe vtjater is a great made of the tanned skin of a boa constrictor. This truthfulness, is that Mr. Davies is said to be ia chaaes—Queen Victoria and the Prince Consort,^ on the occasion of their visit to Coburg, gave a sum.of 1,000 Paris, whereice is comparatively d«&r. Filtration by has returned to the Studio Building in Tenth street, florins to the poor of the town, and 800 florinsto theThe Directors, very properly anxious to reduce to a minimum the expenses of the ship while her tfut"»ve movements are undetermined, have •directed me toair. In aerating it, thece is danger of losing its limpid- ity tod its cbblnees, both of which are of importance in—Mr. Shattuck,. who has been spending a long honeymoon among the White Hills in New-Harhp*hire,diture of millions of pounds, it has been given up. It Stratford Hollow. Mr, H. B. Brown, of Portland, hasj works of the scholars which ware laid before the Queen ent imagines. It has recently become more apparentis decided that the beBt method of; filtration is by pri- vate filters; \and [that as filtering adds 15 per cent, to the cost of water, it is not worth while to filter it forbeen. the sketching companion of Mr. Shattuck, this Summer..: 1and Prince Consort. / '—At the last meeting of the French Academy of Sciences,- Dr. Jules Cloquet produced a pair of bootsbecause more complete, but is really the result of meae- ures commenced soon after the arrival of the ship io. this port by my directions. .' },.—Mr. A. F . Bellows is still at Windsor, Con-ticket all his hfe (now over sixty years), but should problem in Paris; the cheapness of ice in New-York representing the Morning, Noon "and Evening ofAnother point, perhaps of little consequenos except of the ship, whereas I, remain so in conjunction with 'the 8th of August, that he had voted -the Democraticnow-voteforAbeLincoln,notbecausehehadchanged resolvesitforus.' '^..;|•/'.; '•''•• nature,'whichhepropofiesto.execute'inthatquiethis politics, " but because old Abe was the honestest man ou God's earth."I regard his nomination as a Providence. God was in the Convention at Chicago. Not" only the Republi- cans, but every true patriot should be satisfied with the roan, and rejoice in his election, for the good of thematerial is remarkably strong and supple; the scales my colleagues. UT. Bold and Mr% M'Lennan, till thohavepieeervedtheirnaturalimbricationandcolor, terminationofmyagreementin-November,whoa w —Meteorological observations made by a Catholic luraltown.'. ,•• ••;..;•/ ; : ' v '. ; •'".'.•.' after the procees of tanning, and the inside of the- hand over our charge to thote appointed to take care•toward the southwest.—A Sociedad de la Lcngua Universal has beenfull of faith and hope in the enterprise, the honor of dam have just returned from a three-weeks sojourn at which is to belong entirely to Spain. But it is a tardy Lake George. Huntiogton is still at Pittsfield, Mass., protest against the confusion of Babel. industriously at work, upon a large historical painting,—Dr. Vella, an Italian .physician of renown, has illustrating one of the most picturesque periods of our cured one of the conquerors of Magenta of. a severe national existence. It is intended as an exhibition.pic-case" of tetanus by the use of curare. . From many ex-periments he has. determined, also, that curare is theture, and is to be engraved.—From Philadelphia, we Isarn that our Americanrevertnd divines, Methodist Bishops, learned pro-necticut, and has projected three symbolical landscapes,—Blondell has gone South for the Winter, and Perry of Philadelphia, not having the fear of disunion, beforeinsure safety to the ship and property, coaeieteat wit*copy in oil of. Turner's " Old Temeraire," and a copy in water color of the "Golden Bough."—Gifford and McEntee have been wandering amongtheir veins. He has also injected^ into the veins of admirable little pieces upon which he is engaged., Mr. butt of Walpole, who tradsced hia character and wrotedogs a mixture of strychnine and ciirare in such quan- W . T. RichardB has brought from the Wyoming Valley tity that either without the other wonld have been some of those wonderful studies of nature he so delightsthe inscription over his monument in St. Anne's Church —bewailing the fortune which " Bestowed a kingdom and denied him bread." Joseph Battista Maria Gari- baldi fled from Corsica to Nice, where, after the French conquest aud occupation of the island put an end to the last hopes of independence, he forgot politics a n i practiced as a physician. His grandson isthe Dictator.is also used. This is so strained as just to counterbal- ance the power induced in the cores by the permanentone of the best of this artist's productions.—The numerous friends of Paul Duggan in this .,. .Garibaldis have grown,in bulk and atrocity. Corsica has been made French. Nice has now been made French. The old country; the new country, are alike goue. More, the very last home ofhe selects the one great crying sin of the United States > as his constant if not his only theme. Whatever in- tellec ual and moral powers his Maker has given him— and they are of the highest order—axe all' consecrated to tbe cue sublime, overwhelming object which ho is eeekicg to gain. He throws all the rays of his intel- lect into one dazzling focus on £he monster evil of Slavery, and allows none of its vile deformities aa4 diabolical horrors to escape the notice of those -who. r , ! . - . , . ;, T ,* , , -'"country will learn with regret that he waff again the hei6ia menaced. Caprera,; th8 lonely greenm Tmagnet. Theelectncity can thus be applied to the he-lices so as to add its power to that of the permanentmagnet, or by reversing the current eo as to subtract itfrom that of the permanent magnet. In this way, thepower is used in both directions, whereas in the ordina-ry magnetic machine it is used in only one. This of itself doubles the effect of the battery7power. It is againincreased by an extraordinary aud unexpected addition. sellers half a century ago. He waB the patriarch of' have the courage to look on the spectacle."—The citizens of Detroit have lately been sorehy troubled by the presence among them of a strange individual, who appears to have a monomania on tho subject of Alchemy. His name is James Hues, and he is a Prussian. While operating in a chemists labora tory in New-York, he made some accidental discoveries, which led him to believe that flints, agates and corne- lians could be crystalized, purified and hardened to such an extent as to make them equal to both in point of brilliancy and hardness. He went to Detroit ssven months ago, taking with him about $1,000 of hard.- earned savings, and set himself about the realization of his chimera. Visiting the Lake Superior regions ha spent two months in collecting specimens, traveling out foot over the mountains aud along the beach, and sleeping in a blanket by sight He returned with the finest collection of native stones • that ever "was brought from Lake Superior, bu8t ' his furnace in an old house in the upper part of the city, near the outskirts, and alone and unattended bent over his fires, mixed his chemicals, aud watched day and iiight for the results. No one ever had access to, uh» house, and an ineeparable air of mystery always sur- rounded it. The other day, someboys, playing arouad the house, discovered smoke issuing from the crevices in the window-fihutters, and gave the alarm. There was nobody near but some women belonging to tho families of laborers who were absent, and these, by the air of heavy sticks of cord- ;?ood, burst the door open, and found a fire gaining rapid headway in one cornerSir James Outram will be restored to the fall posses-sion of his strength, and that he may enjoy for many of the eolitary room which the house contained!. ThisChase. The.questions and raphes were as follows: sumers. Taking into account the difference in cost of calling the lamented marine painter a. " vagrant good one. The great man among French artists was indeed hardly won." lying on the floor on a pile of straw, fast asleep. Over-1.Question—IsMr.Lincolninfavorofadissolutionlabor,coalsandmaterial,gasisascheapinthelargeartist;"butitisnofaultofoursif.hedidn't'Decamps.O!hispicturesaremarvelousincslor. .—Thefollowingdescriptionofarscentexploitofthecomebyfatigueandwatching,hehadfallenOf the Union? , cities of this country as in Great Britain. The ga 3- know the difference between a man and Meissonieris another great favorite, but I have not father of Grace Darling, is from The Arbroath, Scot- asleep while waiting for his chemicals to mix iahabiticu, they will not hesitate to avail themselves of that.power- In this way the power of a waterfall may be utilized at a distance without great loss of power.nearly doubled. Mr. Holcomb has shown us the veryof Geneva, but had lived in England sinceaccurate apparatus by which he has measured this in/ his childhood. Another of the veterans of art —M. Meudt has invented a V6ry Bimple contrivance crease. It demonstrates on the instant that with a bat- recently dead' in England, was James Foggo, once aSlavery will be withdrawn from the action of Con-gress, »id will no longer disturb Federal councils.jEach State, old or new, will have perfect liberty to in-troduce or abolish Slavery at its own discretion. There the hydrogen thus gained. The apparatus consists of of 20, the combined power is not 25, .as would be sup- dt.y. He was one of the coadjutors of Haydonin his•wul be no mere strife; no more crimination—no more a small copper boiler provided with a safaty-valve and posed, but.30; with a battery-power of 10, the combin- aseaults upon the Royal Academy, and a thorn ia the Jt>itte;Et»s. W e shall contend with each other only in pipe, which paeaes into a tabular bottle with two necks ed power is 39, and with a battery-power of 20, 58. side of thegentle Sir Martin Archer Shee. He died atoffices of good will and fraternity. Is not such a re- the age of 72. Ebenezer Landells, a wood engraver, sult worm whatever sacrifices—even were they real placed near the boiler. From the second neck another This again very nearly doubles the power, so that withand not imaginary—it will cost 1 tube passes under the boiler. Half a gallon of water the new machine a telegraphic line can be worked with who learned his art from Bewick, and whose namefor the decomposition of water and the comboslion of tery-power of 5, and a power of the permanent.magnetvery famous name, but hardly known at the presentART'-—A lawyer of this city, distinguished by the name.: 'ITEMS.—Several distingcished artists, whose names have bought with his gainB and peopltd with his pigs audbeen many yeelrs familiar in this country, have re- cently died in England and France. Among them was that veteran,portrait painter, Alfred Edward Chalou, whose jaunty heads of English ladies and the children of the nobility used to embellish the windowa/ of print-astes, belongs to the island of Sardinia, aud must fol- low its path should a new "recovery" of territory to Fiance taie place. Thus, the Bonapartes seem to chase the Garibaldis like an evil fate, leaving them no foot of earth on which the soles of their feet can rest in peace. Who can wonder at the Dictator's doabt, suspicion, and dislike ? A romantic speculation may be allowed to close the record of theee romantic facts. Theodore King of Corsica, left no lawful son. An ille- gitimate son, known about London streets as Colonel Frederick, a man of mark in his day, pistoled himself under one of theporches of Westminister Abbey. The' title has been declared b y t h e Coreican Parliament hereditary toTheodore's family, a near branch of which Dictator Garibaldi now represents. Thus, Garibaldi's title to the throne of Coisica is just as goo^as that of Louis Napoleon was a dozen years ago to tklsferons of France.—The English Army and Navy Gazette recently eajs: ; ' • .'" There is a great man who has landed on the shores of England ep /gently that the laud has not been con- scious of the presence"of one of her most distinguished eoldiera and statesmen. We regret deeply to hear that the cause which led to General Sir James Outram's retirement from the Counoil Board of Calcutta still ex- ists,, to .such a n extent as to prevent his receiving thestitute, and chief of the division of Fine Arts. He was—A young New-York artist iu Paris gives ua somelaw is as limited as MB knowledge of language, he willbe in imminent danger of committing some fearfulblunders. He has been greatly exasperated at our Fiere's; I have met but one Lemmens, and that not a years the honors he has won, in a field where honor l < was easily extinguished, when the inmate was foundyears. Vagrant means wandering, ,and nothing more asj/oon as they leave the painter's easel, and often-nt-r le*s, as Barrow, in one of his sermons, speaks of times before. I expected to find Paris flooded with the storm of Wednesday week, struck on the rocks was nearly stupiSed by the charcoal gas and Our Savior as "leading a vagrant life; going about pictures, good, bad and indifferent.. There are plenty within three yards of the spot where the steamer For-- —At the last meeting of the New-York Ethnological Mr. Van Beast's extensive wanderings in search of the is much liked here, but Rousaeau is tlie man in land- into the water and were washed on to the rocks, manySociety, Mr. Ewbank presented the report of the in- picturesque, in his own department of art, we spoke scape. Couture stands high with art students; he has of them being dragged back several times by the force to suspect counterfeiting operations, and in the eveningterview of the Committee with the Japanese. They- of him as the. " vagiant artist," and surely if ever any usually a good many pupils, but at. present hae1 of the ' undertow,' and only saving themselves with he was visited by«a number of his neighbors, wholearned that in Japan reading and writing are almost universal, and that there is a large Japanese literature; „he censorship having been established only about fiftyhuman being was justly entitled toi the epithet it was he. We have not the pleasure of knowing Mr. Haw-given up teaching in town. I called on Boughton the other day, and found him and Coleman (who hasgreat difficulty by the aid of tangles and other seaweed. The boat was blown right off the deck, alighting on the rock many feet distantj bow on, and being split up the center by"the shock. The men were about twelveagain burst his door in, and demanded an explanation. He gave it—showed his apparatus, his chemicals, a hydraulic band-press, and half a bushel or more of dis-kiiis personally, but we would kindly entreat him just returned from his tour in Spain), young Charley hours en tho reck, the eea being eo .high that no boat integrated agatee,'ecme of which were burned, others years ago. Their books are very cheap, and illustrat- when again he stumbles oyer a word the meaning of Coleman, Beard's pupil from Buffalo, and two young spuld possibly put out to rescue them. Toward even- showing the actien of acids which seemed to haveed books' have been common for ages. Trades do not which is not clear to him, to consult his Webster, or Virginians, painter and sculptor, living in the same- j»g, when the etorm had abated, a crew, headed by eaten out. the impurities and left the flint as clear andAnswer.—Gov. Chase said, '* Of course I do notknow "what he will do, but I have no doubt he will do descend from father to son generally; men follow what his Worcester, before writing a letter to expose his house, Boughton js doing eome small pictures of Pari3 James Dailing, the father of the heroine, Grace Dar- transparent as crystal; which was doubtless the near- \hae painted a little bit that might be called the Good the men. Old Darling is now 75 years of 8ge, is hale, niond. He was irritated beyond measure by the ia- 3Repubjican Elector for the State at large, in Ohio, was ry small extent except in agricultural operations. Al- as a, marine painter, and had expressed a sincere regret Shter, though, in justice to Merle, I may Bay it is not hearty and enirgeuc still, and has been superintendent trueion, and showed no civility. He shoved the last introduced. A tirbulentfepirit was manifested. Some most everything is done by man-power. Vaccination for his untimely death, there" was but small probability in the least like"'fas " Good Sitter" in Mr. Belmont's of the Locgetone Light for a pericd of fifty years. man out of dcors with a force which sent him reelingAfter Mr. Chase concluded, Fred. Haseaurek, Esq.,of the Tinklexs in the upper end of the hall shootedd has only recently been introduqad. Tho Committee of our readers mieihterpretkig tbe 'epithet which socoliection. S. Coloman ia haid at work on his Spanish The captahu and crew of the Trio speak most reveren-tially, as they, well may, of the. brave old lightkeeper." down the steps, locked his door, and the next morningfor l>i-U. *nd {demanded a speech from Mr. Andrew. aaw an illustrated book on the quarrying and smeltiDg JVIr. H. proceed*d under embarrassing intersuptions.Finally Mr. Andrews shouted that he would not speak. of copper, one of a series of industrial hand-books withroused the ire of his administrator..'•'..—Mr. Duiand, the President of the National Acad-emy of Design, like the younger artists, spends hisBcenery; he has ten good sized pictures underway, with lots cf architecture in them. I believe, from the way he takes to it, he will be the Prout aud David Roberts of America, if America should ever have anywas gone, leaving no trace except a few smoked bricks—The Illustrated London News, of a recent date, which had composed his little furnace and the pile of sajs: . >" The renowned clown, Jem Myers, who amusedthe Court of QuM-n^B Bench so much in the Spring by A CORRECTION.Bassanrek, who had gradually fired up, tnrned scorn- fully to the crowd, remarking, " I woald like to knowwhich they weie very much struck. Tney say that it conveys the knowledge it treats of in fewer wordsstraw which had made his bed.the 'political opinions of tho-e who interrupt me. I than are used in our prefaces or introductions, and that Summer months in the country, making sketches fromknow they are not Kentuckians, for Kentacky is re- the illustrations are so full and plain that the ordinary nature with all the ardor of a neophyte. He ha3 butarchitecture to paint. In a few days he goes to the the recital of his fiery dragon and traction-engine To the Editor of The X. Y.- Tribune.nowiieo' for her hospitality. I know-they are dot just returned to hi3 quiet studio, bringing bis sheavesAlps for three weeks.."—The following account of a visit to the distinguishedtroubles, will be bumped up against lamp-posts and SIR: I tee in T)ie Chicago Press and Tribune of shot over hedges into apple orchards, or through the the 25th a quotation from T ux NKW-YOIIK Ttmjurra of the Mtfc.Ameiican citizens, for the American people are distin- English readers can be at no. loss as to any particular.guis>' ed throughout the civilized world for their main- Fourteen pages are occapied by outline pictures, slight with him in the shape of some very charmingtenance of the right of free speech. ;I know they are ly shaded and colored, representing all the details and " studies'' made in the neighborhood of Fishkill High-not Dt mocrats, for the right of a free expression of operations, from quarrying to marking and packing the lands on the Hudson. The number and beauty ofprinciples was a cardinal principle with Democracy in these alfresco pictures give evidence of the undimmed tjue time of Jefferson." There was no ,necessity for copper. Then thirteen pages more are filled with thelax*h€r rebuke. The rowdies were suddenly silenced, tools used, each part being separately drawn, with its powers and good health of the veteran artist.a£d cursked out of the hall, when Mr. Haseaurek pro- ceeded, making a telling speech.the wardrobe properties, ' sixteen coats for Tarpin's counts the Post-Office Department owed hhn $309, and up to of Hoboken. He is -well known here, too, by ride to York,' royal standard, and so on. Most of the date U not paid. Yours respectfully, XV. PATTERSON.ABRAHAMLINCOLN ATHOME.original picture with figares of life sue, the dimen- bare-hack or pad mare,' made lOOgs.; the cream-cclcred Emma, an 'extraordinary trick mare,' 55gs., ' A WHITE MAN IS WILLING TO MARBJV A ConossaFromTheButtonJournal.study-wiidowe of quiet burgesses, in Summer tours, ir.Bt. to this effect, that the PoatznaUer of Keokuk ia a defaulter. Belgian artist, Louie Gallait of Brussels will be. read on hia own account, no more. Hie etud, forty-four I do not know who your Washington correspondent la; let himwith interest by those who are familiar with his strong, not including the trained bull, stag, dog, and be who he may, he has reported a falsehood. It ia true that the* works in this country, very fine examples of his style brace of performing monkeys, were brought to the Postmaster has been removed, but he was not removed on the being in the galleries of Mr. Belmont, and Mr. Wright hammer at the Barbican last Tuesday, along with all grounds of defalcation. When the Postmaster made up his ao-name annexed. This is so minute as to give all the —Mr. C. L. Elliott, being a painter of men and notbaskets, pokers, hammers, pincers, tongs, hollows, of mountains, is under no necessity of tramping offtubs, shovels, molds, stamps with whioh" to mark among the Adironclacks and the All?ghanies in searchthe ingots, and scales for weighing them. The bel- of subjects: so he haB quietly remained at homo during lowsactontheprincipleofourdouble-acting,theSummer,workingbothathishouseinHobokenpartedforMr.RaveneofBerlin,andisnowinhiepiishinenta;whilethespotted,pony^Tommyand'the WOMANFORMONEY.—ThefollowingcorrespondoaooWe have been permitted to publish the following ex- pumps. -This book was printed in colors;, the Japan- and bis studio in Broadway. Among the beBt of his brown horse Jem, used m single and donble acts,' were will-explain upon what terms a white man is willing private gailery. . The lithograph he considers*tiact from a private letter, written by a professional ese said they were '-much plenty." The price of this pictures is bis own portrait, which he has recently excellent, one of the best that has ever been knocked down at 80gs. a piece, and the bull Don Juan to marry a colored woman:get liexnan in Springfield, Illinois, to an intimate friend was only eight or ten cents. The Report eays that so painted, and he has not often had a better subject forinthi»<i«y. Theletterwaswrittenwithnoviewto made after any of'his pictures. The picture publication, but bears such forcible and cohviuciag tes- far as regards the production of a cheap and useful lite- his brilliant and. vigorous pencil. He has also recently has no personal story, but is a pure creationa whight man: whereupon yoogi* $15,000 or $20,0O» dollars to Lu,»;cla, that the gentleman to whom k was addressed vance of Europe. Measures have been taken to open —Mr. James M. Hart shows at his studio, as the re- to need a particular description. Its tender pathos ence of jrovincial journals. For instance, the follow- any reBpectable wbigbt man that would marry her and ohnrtahtfmony to the high character and mental ability of Mr. rature, Japan may be said to have been centuries in ad finished a portrait of Col. Hoe of ten-cylinder celebrity.atSIgs." . ACBCRN.|Oct. IS, 13S*. MR. P.DOUGLASS—DearSir.-Itaketheopportu- —A great deal of valuable information may be Dity to addre*8 you a few lines as follows. I have been informed .gleared from the study of the New-York correspond- that you had an onelj daughter and that you deured her to maaryhas consented to its publication: a correspondence with some of the learned men of Jap- SPKINO-IKLX>, 111, Oct. '29, I860. .her «hrough life. It therei» any truth in this report, P. S. let and v/Ui endeavor to make myself agreeable.Uib political reeqrd is consistent. The principles he K/W ad7ccates were adopted when he commenced his political '•areer, and •which he has firmly maintained, tnougl.I^mocracyhas, upto1856,been tiiamphamHeJs an attendant at the first Presbyterian Church, hat fici a member. He respects religion, believes in it*docuines,feeJsthem important, though he has not aade religion a personal matter, as he uaid to me he couht to have done. He neither uses profane lan- vuaae, drinks, or has anything to do with tobacco in any form, though bis father raised it in the garden, asd was a great lover of it; he never was Wmpted him- self to use it, and one reason has been that «• he knew that he must be made sick by-it before he conld enjoy It; end did not want to get sick." V, ould that every yourg man took such a matter of fact view of the case—Mr. W . H. Beard of Buffalo, who once put upon cuisvas.that rather hyparbolical, but very, forcible,*} Thi Sun is rot what it was. Irs light has been you see would interfere with fulfillment of your part of the pro- ;cohe»dexably diumed since a journal four times its. size posed bargain, even if 1 could fulfill the part you assign to mei'2 hi •World) ha3 been eolo. for ono cent. Its profits You want $ 15,000 or $20,000. This U a common want, and jov riow.uonotexceed?S,000or$I0,000." are uottoblameforusingallhonorablemeanstoobtainit But 'candor requires me to »tate, that if you were ia every respect • —Th«i following letter from the captain of the Great suitable person to be bought, lor the purpose you name, I h*v» Eastern appealsin The London Times: not the amount to buy you, I have uo objection to your oom- SIK: I should be obliged by your allowing me to pU-xiou; but th*re are certain Uttlo faults of gruwuar and •pett- corset <he erroneous impreation which a paragraph' ing, as w$l as other little points, la your letter, which compel .MBpeelfrg the Great Eastau in 77a Times of Sitar- me to regafdyou a a pewou, by education, manner* and inomis. aa> is likely io convey. "- as wholly unfit to associate with my daughter in *ny capacity Among oihtt inaccuracies it is therein iutimated that whattiv«r. You etideutly think your white akin of gceat valu*.gosayemon and Hon. To wneend Harris were elected corresponding members of the Society.Yours respectfully. CHARLES BLAST. To F. Donoi.AS.Direct to Charles Happ, Auburn, N. Y.will state a few things regarding the man who inevita-bly is to be our next Preaidtnt, and for whom Illinois,%j vmj of showing her preference over another famoust-oxt,^viilcas;amajorityof20/K)0onthe6thprox.Mr.Ltacole is a man whom a»l will respect and love who world, has gradually been declining of late years. Rus- .sachueetts. It IB not yet finished, but it. promises to be Europe than Paris Ls, atd I can go and come where aud-s-ThefairatNijniNovgorod,thegreatestfairinthe;' know bun. The/e is a goodness of soal, generous na- sia is very poor just at present, and although there are one of his finest pictures, and, inits present state, justi- when I please. Moreover,- I cau nay and write whatture, fci-d, above all, great simplicity of character whish fies tbe reputation which his formerworka have gaineddeeply iu<p<-es8 every one that hears hie voice. As to many foreigners—Tartars, Caucasians and ArmenianshiBlio7U'i;ty there is not a dozen or a politician that —the success of the fair mainly-depends upon the pros- him. Mr. William Hart, who has been;-spending .the And turning to his picture of Art aud Liberty, which dare * to guestionit. When practicing his profess: on,he nev**'would be employed in a case which he couldjiOt botettly. advocate without taking advantage ofc/ook a'a^d turns which law gives to lawyers. Coo**;-<jn««tiv his power over a jury was greater than thatof STY"other man, and would always gain the case.cf the artist's imagination. It is,, doubtless, too familiarsult of his Summer labors among tbe Helderbergmouri rnnet have touched tho heart of many a careless ob- ing interesting intelligence is given by the letter-writer me know and I will marry your daughter" on those conditions, ,Dear Sir : In reply to your request of the 22d, I an. Matsmoto Sannoja, Tateish Tbkujaro, Josida Sa- tains, a favorite resort of this artist, some elaborate server. In the course of cur conversation 1 asked Mr. of The Charleston Courier:studies, more than usually brilliant in color. He has Galiait If he had any pupils. ~". No " he said, " I amnow on his easel,a very lovely'landscape, composed of featurescharacteristicofthemountainsceneryofMasno profeeeor, and have no rcholara; I prefer too much myownliberty:'Ismfreehere.Itiamorethecenterof, v; ROCHESTER, Oct. 16,1360. CHARLESHAPP,ESQ.—Dear Sir .- You are an en-i.please in Belgium, ardtcatJE cannot do in France." perity of Ru«sia. Tne department of teas is moat com- Summer on the eea coast of Maasachuiggts, has brought stood before ua,>hfe said, "Behold the type of my life,lime as possible.*\'Tk£ Wo-rld, at one cent, has sunk already overdone so, with other circumstances connected with your letter makes it quite doubtful whether I could honorably aceedeto your proposition. You date from Auburn, and tell me to directback some exquisitely finished studies of rocks andAit and Liberty,march together.''I love them both, inseparable, they, It will gratify the lovers of art in and much cheaper than the Fronch. So large is the in- seldom-visited spot, the Grand'Menan. '•.: \ this country to learn that Gallait has jast fiuieheda cabinet reproduction of hia "L'Oublides.pC'uleurs," expressly for a cig;i: guiehed collector of pictures inplete; the stock of iron is very good; the Caucasus and the Crimea send samples of* fine wines, as good asbreakere near Nahant, and studies from that wild and$37,000, but it continues to'buffet the billows of ad-versity with a courage worthv of a better cause. Its to you at Auburn, but do not name the street. !Pardon me foe devotional and rich eupporteis will get tired of aheEing regarding this u a Huspioious circumstance. You may be an ha- out after, a while. • . , mate of the State Prison, or on your way thereat fact whichflux of Mohammedans into Nyni doling these fairs thatthey have a mosque there for the convenience of wor-ship. The Mussulmans who are In attendance at the figure of speech,' "raining cats and dogs," is reported ftirsaythatmostoftheenlightened Turkish popula- byagentleman^whorecentlycigitedhimathisstudio, tion have left the Lebanon, where "they could Have no as eurrounded by all sorts of animals,' to vfhich,. like security for their commerce, and that only.the fanatics Landseer, he imparts a senlimont of "human interest. remain. One of his pictnres, called " T h e Astronomer," is a—As new water-works are in process of construc- vtaerable gray owl, with his orbicular eyas con'tem- tion in Paris, the beit means of securing pure water 14 platbg the mysteries of the firmament. His. last pic-Untitled Documentnow under diecuseion there. These general principlesare laid down: That rain-water is the best of all, it on a Bender;" ft eet.of vagrant bears have been hav- being distilled water folly charged with air; that next ing a high eld time in a watermelon patch, ani get comes river-water, which is rain-water that has been very tight by partaking too freely of the watsry vege- kept in constant motion; that last of all comes epring- table. The uncomfortable expression of the overiliedthe *bip will be etut up at the cloeo of tho month, all 1 Can't diipcteit; it it probably the best thing about you. Yet •- srfsfts yaid off, aidythat in the damp climata of MUford net *v*;u that valc*b>q«&:ity can commend you sufiiileatlj t»ture, which is represented as his beet, ia called '• Btars"Mr. David Levi haa juet returned from Arizona.Coming up the Mwief-ippi, as the boat stopped at Nat-chez, a vote was takun for Pre&ideutial preferencesamong the passengers,- One verv respectable-lookingnjorchant from Ohio voted :'orLin-;olr.. with the remarkthat :t was usele&a for bin to aUempt to disguise hissentimfciiTs. The other passerigereimmedkielyetrirped B&«a much damage may rsssl; to tts machinery aud induce even so blask a cejro i>s myself to accept you as Ms ••«-'*''.'• •—The Wilkeslarre (Pa.) Record haa the followingaccount of the tailing acd i'eatheiiag of an'; Ohio man on a steamboat at Natchez: . • ,.'•'.'Baltimore.••-•?••£•:..him, covered hia with tar aud feathera. amsetcSn afloat in a cacce,"ihe ppltadid ta»g:rgo of tbs *<sucon from this bad Culaw . ecoreJ37. I seed -sarfeejy Bay,that .this idstU ab ujdoa-.•:, Re«p*fti\»Uy,FREDERICK OOUttiUM. H,I am, Sir. your obedient servant, ,...„-„ „ . T r Mil/ord Haven, Oct. 14. JOHN VINE HALL.—The Morning Advertiter of London has the fol-iowirg observations concerning the presence of i*eRev. Dr. Cheever in England:"We claim for Dr. Cheever the cordial sympathy efall who really desire the abolition of Slavery ia America. He is one of the little band who, not eea* tent with eaying that Slavery is a great evilwtdcb.it is desirable to abolish, or dealing with it once a year m the. way of formal protest, or calling themselves Abo- litionists, when they come over to this country, ato really fighting the battle vigorously on the enemy's land. It is the merit of Dr. Cheever, that he has ap- plitd his scholarship to the investigation;of all those ar- guments which American divines profess to extract from the Holy Scriptures in support of Slavery, and torn their flimsy sophistries to ribbons. Such is tho tremendous power of bis writings oh this subject thatVon Ntuhoff, who lived at Peddenbh, near Rugge- name to the ' Guilt of Slavery, and the Crime of berg, iu the Mark Country (now part of Westphalia), Slaveholding;' and, to the disgrace of the land of lib-erty, that invaluable work is without any publisher's Garibaldi there fell in love with the king's sister, name to the present <*ay. Our author, intrenchingCatherina Amalie, and, with-his Sovereign's consent, himself in the citadel of Divine truth, directs his ar- married her. The regis!ry of this marriage, we read in tilery agaixst all who have any complicity with tho a Rhine paper,' is still to be seen at Ruggeberg. .In the ' sum of all villaniea/ whoever-they may be, whethersame year, Garibaldi took Catherina home to Ajaccio; but, fortune failing the patriot, Theodore fled before tbe Genoese to England, where he became the idol andland, Guide:the engravings of two of his paintings " A i t rival knights of the ring mustered W6ll on the occasion Keokuk, Oct. 2T, 1360; and Liberty," and " L'Oubli des Douleurs"" : The of his benefit. The dun Mies HasweU, ' a well-knownsions of which the artist could not give me, was the same as the skewbald Lady Mary, of like accom-:•' The Times is beginning to pay very well. Thechief editor, Mr. Raymond, affords to "aiive in finejgryle, better, perhaps, than any of his brethren of thetbepress,exceptJamesBrooke,whenthelatter'swifei6 in town. The Time* is yielding now. from $'15,(K)0 tire stronger to me„8nd direct me to no one frooi whom I can to $18,000 a year, and will continue to increase in learn jour real character and responsibility. This, if no othsr value. • .. ., difficulty existed, would seriously embarrass me ia making*" Th<: Express is also going up. It is conducted on favorable answer to your proposition. You should have at least very sharp principles, it charges high, and pays as given me one respectable reference. The fact that you have not;$$$$..of her. , ;Meanwhile, I am making such arrangements as m a r, .' ... ' • . ^ ' W , . ••• ,—'..." f.fJU^.^iM.^^-^.kSSHSSBBSwww.fultonhistory.comThomas M. Tryniski 309 South 4th Street Fulton New York 130691 