 10KEW TOR* HERALD, SATURDAY, FEBRUARY 25, 1860.-TRgLE_^KET81*808MUM************'jr. BUKOPE. SjO^O^O^O^OSSnaOftO^^^IB^BaOl, a a d w h w bIcf such a contract But, as we verily cnelSncorBU^sOTS^^other aa they do just as torlaldominion,whowouldhave>U bis dynasty and tbe most anrof hat dominions for ths rfche* ATHE SEVEN TH -enaSfr^ierfWSswas^o^^gs***^REGIMENT. iIC0I£5*F".*> FROMTHIRD PAG*) Tbe fosrtr t uiaaaaiium M 10Thsrainstorm thatesmawecedto moiatog bad by this time subsided, hat to* a n d to the aUBstl- •tresis was ankle deep. Oa approaching the City Hall, tbe windows snd balconies of tbe houses were flllel by the btauty aad fashion of Washington the stops sf tbeBJjtfLBND.Pama, Jan. SO, IMO, To Wr*iranxsct M iBeowntDaPaMiosY, AMMaBADoaatot^wim LaOcarm—TbeAmbaaaartnr of Segiand baa .one jBi tated to m« a deapateh, in wtnch, aftor having •taa>j)»J«Mait*B*loiibi Italy, and ttatod tha -neoeaaUy afar ac aardaaee <mthe ajeaanrea beat tatted to re-estab- latb i deamble aad aatiefactory state of tbiDK»fo the (Ita-ba>) Ptmbunto, tbe principal Secretary of State forpressed in <uie letter which you seat me through M. d e Menne vnL, tbe insurgent prsrinoes would be actosPy u n - der my eatbortty. To say tbe truth, that latter wasin opposition t o tbe one which yon had honored me with be- fore esmcaenciDg the Itchnn campaign, an* In"which you gave ase consoling severances without causing me afflic- tion.Howsoever, the letter to which you make allusion pro- pose*-to me, in Its first part, a project inadmissible, like the present one; and, as concerns the second part, Itathe noble doctrines of freedom and self-government.Wows from t h e State Capital. OWB SPECIAL ALBANT DESPATCH.ALBA!»Y,Feb. 24,1860.It eeems that the House Standing Committees have been bard at work during the recess. Sixty seven bills weremessage from the same source informed the Colonel that full particulars bad been sent by mail. Consequently, an order was issued on the day following—Sunday—calling a mass meeting of the regiment, which took place last Monday, at 9 A. M. After it became known that the in- vitation was a fixed fact, much speculation w a s afloat a s to whether tbe regiment would accept, for various cogent reasons. First, because during tbe last year their trip to Richmond, Va , as a military guard of honor to the re- mains of ex-President Monroe, was attended by a verytbe officers of tbe Seventh were Individually introduced to the President by Col. Lefferts. The President then sig- nified a desire to spesk to the entire regiment, after he should have reviewed them. The officers then toft the mssEion and proceeded to their places in tbe regimental line. B y this time tbe grounds contiguous to too White House, on Pennsylvania avenue and Lafayette square, were thronged by spectators After considerable delay, tbe President, with several members of bis Cabinet, his pri- vate secretary, Hon. John Cochrane and other distinguished gentlemen, appeared In front of tbe column. The Presi-about, and tbe crowd, aa a aOBatqaiauii, Inrrsosul four, fold ta torn than fifteen minutes, so that shortly before (be expected time several hundred people were s o n s - bled ta tbe vicinity of tbe station aad far out on tbe track over which the trato would bave to pass Tae inside of tbe building was cleared of everything that might prors an incumbrance, aad almost exactly to tbe second ..f twenty minutes sfter eleven o'clock, tbe shrill whfttle ut the engine w a s beard, thick clouds of snoke and stea-n differed then-selves around, a a d t h s iron horse rattxt into the station, hailed with a round of cheers a ov-t deafening. Before the hate had well stepped, the lost; locked for soldiers tamed from ths cars, were greeted warmly b y their friends collected on the platform, and overwhelmed with a multiplicity oftoterrogatortsaanf congratulations which would bave required a thousais tonguestaeachofthegallantmembersoftbeSeventhtoaa- ewer, the poor fellows bore unmistakab'e marks of fair »,CongressofParis- Now,asth*n,wesiucerelydesire to vice. Bntneither humiliation normartyrdom,norcapput sn eon to the military occupation ol tbe Roman tivity. could shake the confidence of the church nor tbe Suits, the government of his Majesty is also anxious to firmness of its head.Boeros, Feb. 24—Evening. The executive commlttre of the Lynn strikers have orthe spectators were most enthusiastic. In the tion of the regiment from cars to the ferryboats on thedepot at Jersey City there was also as- route,and a remarkable care,systemsndmanagement(emblrd another large concourse of spectators. prevailed throughout tbe enure trip, that reflect credit on Among these Were not a few ladies, who occupied promt tbe entire corps.from tbe escort In Broadwav the l>ne was formed, right onAnnstreet,andshalthavingbeenordered,tbeescort marched in advance, when tbe parade was continued la the following order:—A Platoon of Policemen. The Twelfth regiment. The Ninth regiment Reserve of Seventh regiment Returned Seventh regiment.At every step the Seventh w a s hailed with boisterous demonstrations, s a d UM escorting companies were like* wise received with deserved favor by tee populace The throng was dense snd immense—almost defying locomo- tion—snd the opportunity was extensively availed of by the lightfingeredgentry, who doubtless practised their' feats of legerdemain with considerable profit to lb*ir pockets. An Idea of the audacity of these agile ft ilvido- ais may be gleaned from the fact that tbe sacred person ofour reporter was not even secure from their manipula- tions, inasmuch as be had his watch dexterously extracted from a vest pocset, concealed under two coats tightly bow toreri over. What will not practice accomplish*On the bead of tbe eolemn reaching tbe end of tbe Parle a salute from Captain James MoMahoo's battery wasfireI, andwhenthesmokeclearedswayUMenclosureinsiia the railings of the park was beheld covered with one s< I mass of human creatures. Flsgs waved from the publicbuildings, aad the enthusiasm seemed almost wild. Tbe procession proceeded along Park row and en- tend by th e opening opposite Frankfort street Tbe police arrangements b e n were excellent, the crowd having been kept well back, and ample space preserved for tbe passage of tbe regiments The Mayor, with several members o f t h e Common Council and a number of military celebrities, were on tbe sacred spot for review set apart for the use of tbe officials, end—it ft only making repetitions to state it—thousands sad thou- sands were collected together as spectators. Untbenoat admirable order each company of toe escort passed, ard,then,tost,cametbegreatobjectofattraction—ths Seventh, marcatog with a regularity and discipline really fault less. Tbey presented a front thirty files deep, reach-behold to Ml failasinterri- lawaythecradle faithful provincecod'**r» (bfotoad by the sitatery c "'•yitkeneWMotebe «Cuaid might arrive before theto receive them at the foot of „tsiy oicera were gives, sa4*tas*eoiuata, marcatog Sows Broadway m l rparti measure, which, perhaps, —yswrspngnanns,aa*tt Is|iintbsljbecaampanfin* yourself la that position that yon advise am again, 'Historic BMstctoof tits Trip to Waslalng- R o a t e - D e l n yexcellentmusic.ot to o d any UV, sake of the peace of Ifcrope, to tnjgasnjab V* ' Mj should be, by anew Re»t provinces, aasuriBf me that the Powers will iof Central Italy, aclear toetotaa raps those that remainto bias.itlrelysn4WaW* !*a'hixtf^»* JK^'ofloVernmentLSa t H a v r e * oUa the Imavgnratlen of the CityBaft,sadtotacteveryavailablespot,wereoocuptel . formingtbevan HeretbegallantOntoarmv'v.ftrm. Tho very morning I receive* a despatch sayingthatCountftrchbergprom*saedtotakethenmperarofAustria•order*,butthat,beCMrtdsotgiveanofficialanswer without reeerr+yg to* Imperor's tastruetons Tbe Powers, yos say, wttl p w * ; ; J * . ^ ? l * tefs this qomilnerdion ss pedantic and unnecessary, inSweet6 aandWHIMfa, Wltttvmpeetm-ourselves, the Austrian * ^W.-SJCr noHao ts,Kite thehumau bod-, per-gtmrassent,onrecci*lagtinaoaBssi'w'^ollr*oftbethree propositions u>whs*theywere aakedtoossaeat,aaade obiecttoa that h war, t o t to «:mformtty with their view* and optataaa as «a> the rigbtrof aaverotgaiy tobetereaesn,consideringtbebMSBSSwpp«^inbsWh massrevive from vrttaoot,w«lt Jber*««bMtor|tbose Powers to employ feres in an effloacwos BaBanctt Iftont banotso vour Majesty will bo persuaded, like myself,fetuaUu t»«tcwrsee/Oaatasjaoalaaaon*reneasfion.New ejiemeata are perpetually token old >oufs a r e given off, according hid'Vos tow of chemical attraction.<U*mm4s tanagsaifi «g* raparrf U> as..to, while to some Savoy ft 2LuL uwrp^s^ftoe propertyof^utorTaa*taarew- nftsssjsgato* today: Belgium may probably feelUcaty%>ropartoftheeomintoiioftheBnperorofAnn t r t a / m a a oecaftaiiooa, aenbtaed with the i^ngBeoaor •b»»var*bgo*erhaenttoeBtertatothethreeilr«PWOmains,butalsothesovereignsoftbewholeChristian world,whocannotbehold wttb Indifferencethedestruc- tionofcertainprinciples.trtoasareputforward,wouldawekswhileitftyettime. o * ' true sense of the suspicion, restlessness and oppre- b.nricnwhichsuch claims arebringing onbisgovern-"-'ativs^ panics of Washington, of courts, were there. Tbe Pros!FbrtsigB, Aflhira pwtrtrout the general b«aea apoo wbJoh,at he talowm of the government of her Britannic *U- think I have adopted it, as the documents will provereported upon this morning, a number of tbem appli heavy expense to every member of tbe regiment; and,cable to New York only. The city railroad bills secondly, their subsequent receptions and entertainments dent and escort, with Adjutant Iiebenau. of the Seventh,y*iy, abat aameewtaadlag oaght to be founded. The Engb» A Cabtaet. Judging that It ia necessary 'first of all to «#biai * * e aaaeat of Prance and of Auitria.-hae charged Lord A . Loftoetemaaeeammilir commupratkm to th e Cabiav*; of Vteoua, and I have tbe honor to eend you here- wttbtwcwaef abase iwoSdocuBoewta. They comprise, aajou. wtB Me, M le Comte, four eisunct propoeitiona.a 'vanee a a d Aastrta iboald renounce henceforth aay Interfarense in the internal affairs of Italy, un- less -sailed upon b y the unanimous aasetit of the greatPs«aerst. fbe govemsoeat of the Emfieror sbeuid ome to anwbriob have been placed in the hands of yonrumbassador at R4me.of various visiting military companies, among them t h e Richmond Grays; and, thirdly, because they have in con- templation, during the ensuing summer, to go on a grand encampment for a week or two, on a scale creditable to tbe good reputation which MA Seventh has obtained forproceeded to the right of the column, and procceled to r e view tbe troops aa tbey stood with open ranks an J arms at "present," tbe band playing "Washington's March." The President, notwithstanding tbe muddy condition of the avenue, walked the entire length of the regiment, making a minute inspection of tbe troops aa "he passed. Aftor the• siisistillhwwithtbe'Holy FathertoevacuatetheHo- sourcesandconsolation.sssri States wben the MsasdzaUon of ha army should al- It ia certain that w e snail all shortly have to appear low it, and wben our troops could b e withdrawn from before tbe Supreme tribunal to render a strict account of•erne wttbeetdanger to the maintenance of order. Our our acta, of all cur words and thoughts. Let us, then, arssy should slaotoavo the north of Italy within a iuitable endeavor to appear before that great tribunal of God in period such guise as to be able to feel the effects of His mercy,3 Th« toteiwal organisation of VesaUa should b e e x - and aot those of Bis justice.ed five hundred members o f t h e National Guard. Before the meeting was organized, it was ascertained that tbe letter received from the Congressional Committee of Ar range mints for the inauguration of the statue tender- ed tbe regiment free ("princely") quarters sbould they visit Washington, but mace no mention,suggestion or pro- posal o pay tbe whole or a n y part o f the enormous e x - pense—about $7,00C—for t b e transportation o f the regi- ment to Washington. Notwithstanding tnis array of facte, there appeared to be an enthusiasm among tbe members oftheSeventh,aadadesiretorepresent tbeEmpireCity and £ tale on an occasion of such national character and in- terest, and upon the organisation of tbe meeting, it was unanimously agreed to accept the invitation extended toand Hon. John Cocbraee, M. C The Seventh then march ed back to their quarters, where they were dismissed, to meet subject to tbe call of tbe following order:—HZADQ.C4BTBBS 8XTKirTH RECIMKT, NATIOKAL HOTSL,WasHincTOH. Feb. B, 1A60. >This regimett wit! assemble fully uniformed, with over eoata, uniform eaps, eroaabebs and knapsacks, for marching orders this.P. U.Regimental line will be formed ta front of tbe National Botefat three o'clock.Baggage must b e ready for delivery to the Quarter master, distinct]) marked, at 1 r \ a tDrum Major Graham, with tbe band, will report to tbe Colonel, at bis quarters, at aa'f past two o'clock P. M.Sergeants Clearman and Weed will report to (be Quarter- masterforordersBy order ot Marshal Lefferts, Colonel.J. H . LIKBBNATJ, AdjutantBefore the Guard left Washington t b e band aereaadsd Mrs. Hon John J. Crittenden at tho National Hotel. Tbey played selections from the operas of "Attila'' and "Linda de Cbamocnix," and t h e new National Guard Quickstep, with drum chorus. Mrs. C. expressed herself highly de-cans of not coffee, snd some two thousand saniwicB j , was found in readiness for tbem here; and it ft uoBeeet- aarytoaddtbatshortworkwaamadeoftherepast,WHS- out much attention to the stiff starch conventtoaaiiu«04f etiquette. Fingers were converted into forks, soeno and bayontto were found excellent subttitotos far kat*««, and the veritable tops o f t h e milk cans ibems*lvet sub- served the purposes of bowls, out of which the piping not beverage was imbibed with a relish tbat certainly s**m*d to be very agreeable for a plain common sense perooo to look at. however much It might bave shocked tbe de i a'i nerves of fashion. It was a sight worth looking at, t&o gallant Seventh regiment—tbe talk of the Union—««rr- gtag down eo0re ont of vessels from which horses migav have masticated their fodder with ease, and p»ckiaf ot oo'dnamintbeprimitivestyleoftheaboriginesTbe collation being despatched, t h e sptaodid bs«d> struck up some excellent music, and tbe boat moved eat intothestreamonitsvoyagetoNew York. Ontheway over, tbe boys enjoyed themselves right heartily, stagftg, cracking jokes, and yelling out the "sky rocket cheer —a peculiar method of cxpr*rsicg emotion, ta use smongrt ths Baltimore City Guard, and lunasUaig of a sort of hip, booh, and final ah ah, wbicb bave an extremely tadftrsos butamuringeffect OnneartogthsNew Yorkshore,tea band played "Home, Sweet Home," with a sweetness aad pathos that struck every listener with admiration The aftWSE «xtremely appropriate to t h e occasion, aad sounded doubly beautiful on tbe clear, sparkling water, wbicb flowed gently snd placidly onward as if in sympathy with the soft melody. Scarcely had ths tost note of the ft- itroments died away, when UMgsa on the pter next tea ferry thundered forth its welcome, and the cheering of the thousands on tbe docks rent ths air. When the bote arrived at her moorings, the enthusiasm iiftnd wssoftbemostgenttaecharacter. EveryUmbersatea) surrounding docks was crowned wttb a living bawtor,cluded from vb« aegottatMM between tfeo Powera.4 Finally, the King of Sardinia shoiMd ce requested bya. tbe gevernaseDt of tbe fbnperor, and by that of ber fin- * u ; Die Majesty, aciing in ooncert. not t o send troops into Central Italy until those dlfliaieiit futes and provioceaI speak-to you, also, to m y quality of father, which gives me tbe right of speaking the naked truth to m y sons, LQ matter how high may be their position in this world I thank you, nevertheless, for your benevolent expressions toward me, and for tbe assurance which you give, me to continue towards m e that solicitude which yonU<\h->serious snd srtfsordinsry e 'r e «»t ~!S^ntoahrpiccession was formed, the Seventh was in its position inTbemarchfromthe CityHalltotbesceneofthecere- monies was long, tedious s n d exceedingly muddy, a a d the arrangements s n d operation o f the whole affair a signalfailurecomparedwttbtheway NewYorkerscarry outaffairsoagreatpublicoccatians. Infact,teewools redeeming feature o f tbe day waa t b e presence o f the National Guard. People came hundreds of milesto see them, a a d were convinced, b y oosuiar demons'ration, that their reputation was wall deserved.In the inaugural ceremonies, the right of tbe military colunn was given to tbe United States Marine Corps, one hundred and fifty strong, though by courtesy tbe National (iuaid should have bad it. There were two companies fromBaltimoretathetoe,andtheseveral militarycomstvti.d lia»e, by a sew vote of their.A>aembUes, after asew abctlcn, solemnly dectared their "wishes, and should say you have always hitherto entertained for me. It re- those Aaaeasbllea pronounce themselves in favor of t o e mains only (or me to pray God to shed the abundance of annexation.FranceandGreatBritainshouldnolongerob Btsblessingsuponyou,upontbeEmpress,anduponthethem.iJect to tbe sasrssss s i tbe-fiafdialan. sroops.I have submitted Lord John RasreU's despatch toaic Majesty Cmilta, to visit tbe new seminary which is being estab- The first of the four EagMab propositions could aot, I lished there, for giving some young people of SouthLast Tuesday afternoon, at tie hour appointed for tbedeparture for Washington, tbe regiment assembled, fullyuniformed and equipped, with overcoats, knapsacks, he.,for tbe Journey. Lafayette Hall, Broadway, was theLord Cowley to the Emperor, and , atier havingtokentbe•rdeis at bw Majesty, 1bave brought to tbe cognuanoesf tba Bbgiab Ambsamrtsr to what light we think wemay view the overtures of th«-f»vernment of ber firllaa- Tbe Holy Father went tbe day before yesterday totold bias, give riseto aa; liilllcutty. The principle of non- intervention is a aattoaal rule, the mpenance and authori- ty of which BOone appreciatpa more than we do, and, to our opinion, it cosstituies one of the most essential eiementa of sny serious and float settlement* >f tbe Italian qtinatioo. If the goveroment>af the Emperor intervened itself, it only did so ceding to imperious circumataaces, because in thepoint designated for the parade ground. Long before the lighted with tbe bonor conferred on her,and pronounce!hour appointed to assemble, from tbe point above men- the music superb. At the same time she jocularly re-i nsBiiM.i!•• t'ii'I"II''i' * "TSrV" 'jetieve"V a"" there •" aotT• _^ *._-.- ,.,,••••:wouldbentest^.*»~~**i wtthrtsrect l o A project of this nature ofiers iBSurmounUble 4.ific«lthatwtanshouldbom tiei,andtobeconvincedofthemitwillsufficetoreflect tbethingtsdone,gawoy"my** reallyasMtttotoianybyspectatorseagertogetagrtmpseofthstosnots!.uputtrostUtheQuBAILandshartiraster "Seventh" There did not appear to be tbat degree of en- i\n<> CIL, o'clock, a despatch snvmg^^eosivvd thustosamanawtedusuallyobservedonsimitaroxacions, «fftcitbenthe.xmr»»anuwouldTotreachJeraavrwUM UM TeStrtCSOOtO opta my aunation, aa my sacred character, and upoa the tne affair as tbe horse tt>wX ft sold in the market svert KingofSardiniato rightsoflbsHolySee-rghtawhicharcnotIbsseof* withBOquestionsask^*B i»«j»mannertawhichheft wkattabould'be'reinoved,andBOobject**Badetobiadjtasty.bntofallCalho&sTaadifficultiesareinsur obtained. * % s „*».»PresMent—Their Returntetre^msag (vaaa* toes the prevavoae of Ooateal Ito*y— mounttble, because 1cannot ce^e that which does nV.be- Tbe first toes of u>3 Emperor of ths Preach £*•_*'•; awning, of course, these provtacea which tosve declared icngwme aa* because I see «>MsTBptts^ i f W •tors ths Grand Fibres, and force upon Ittjyj» »*•»•£" u*«ywillnolongerbegovernedbytheirlatarulers. The wbabitisintendedtogivetotberevoluttonatasfaVtolaV whichnobodys«*modtodesireexcepthimself. EnglandFrench,governmenthasacamdnrgtycowun-inicatedwith gallonswillicrvessapretextan*aswneBonnragjBBaaBiM tbegovernmentofAustriaspaa»'«*sehject,butnoofttaj*! domesticandforeignrCTolusJsoattooftba «^J£*?2??, tiiBitaaoiratinaoftbedecisionofAueOrtahasyetbeen toplaytbesamegameonbsboWtogurn«-a«0"h*!^tnttoeParh,BroadwayandCortlandtbatasortofformalityappearedtsexistamongthoseuntilteartea.TheParkwsscrowdedwX Street—Scene a t t h e R a i l w a y Station- having control of tbe reception. Ths National Gasm people, men, women and chtMrea steadaw •passed by the Washington troops, and proceeded to theirand when Isay Utolevototkmato, Ijasaa thetosstsm Biddableaa*themostanoadonsportionotbepopsmaLd is snxioua to apply Ihe newly learnt prncipte »i. ^wKofy nrgsdit in favor of subjects-wubed. At the bvoty souad of the bestpunctuallyat0o'clock,thsMewl andtheSeventhregiment^ttalrwirn^t about 100ctrong, marching tote tbe ParktoyMaya*Wood—Dismissal ImBroad- way, dfte*, &c.,&c.Tbe visit of the National Guard, Seventh regiment, toparticipateintheceremonyofinauguratingthe Washing- »Wonregardtofa*fewtbprepositioe,althoughtheyeonid rauesalssremvincibtoifonlydealtwithbythearmssf the toincacs oftbe hiddenlawofaffinitytomorrow; tonstatec,hasforthepastfewdaysbeenatopicofcom-aot aeanswlcdts the state of things in Osntral Italy, at tbe reHowevcr this may be, however, I feel myself obhged the Stoinie-provinces, which already enjoy the Oodclfapo- mendatory remark by ths newspaper press throughout rame uae Oomt Reeebberg decbved ta Lord Augustus to des'are plainly to,onr » * W t**»I«annot oads^tb* 'eoa^waremturaUy wish to enjoy Napoleon himself; andUrfi»s^aatd*li»etAaaeayiBasdeclaredtome,thattea irgatioDSwithoutviosutoftitssolemn^oathsthatbind wootothsgovernmentttotr*ntor«tooppnssfaeNOWlaw thscountry,andmoreespeciallybyonrlocalnews- Asetrtea gtweroment have BO intention whatever to m- me, without prodwsing a disaster aad a shock in tbe other *f dtdtofment and affinity, and to check that nnboanded papers. •wifote in Ut« sabers of Italy, that they are not going provinces, without doing barm to and P»«^t o f**n " liberty Of choice which ft the inherent right of everyto tead-a*y fareea beyond ibelr OWB /raatiers, • J " - ns tltHttty not unite* to France. ^ Tbe determination of Congress to bave the event occur that they shall im»*-« ibeaseslves sartotty to tba all CbtboltoB. witbont weakening tba righto, wot sale^cf Wa sincerely wish that tbe sovereign by ths semi on the natal day of the Father or his Country was an ap-erectandmanlybearinginsuredthemaheartyi fromtbeirbrtihreataarms,aswellssfromthe bled thousands who shouted, waved their bats. and otherwire exhibited genuine eatl despatchatthisjunctureofaflairswas ButterfkW,alattogthattheNationalGuardhadleft ton a t 10 A. M , and would s o tBOOB. This information neceoito tbe tour of 11 o'clock, when Hwas agreed ths" thouM, uader aay drenssstsneea, comawncetheir aura and take up positions InOorthadt and Greenwich streetWhile all this was going aomn ItaBt\huet Prarke aanada rartber m town, ths scene in other po"rteions of tbe city waa scarab less animated. Broadwayws as hoed wan asepta aaurtom tywiltingtogetaviewsfrtherstoratogregiment,aeithe ladies especially were ci I numbers, osoio. llyearly,aaddressedta their gayesttandt street was completely ta pnsssani sTtoo threat mdon the pier adjoining tee Jersey City ferry, a < ofartillerywerestationedwithalargegunontheI!n readiness to let It roar forth tbe announcement i_ .s tbe first sews of toe naming of the Guard would*-f*n« of their M I poaaaaatajis, which are bomnd by toe sovereigns of Italy, nnJusMy f«POilad of their_ do- fJSemt organs of woee government these monstrous docpropriate resolve:butthesmallBum-^10,000^-ptaced byCongresssttbedisposalofthejointnationallegislative^Yotrr Majesty makes tbe pesos of the world depend^tJSZSSSt^^k,Mm^»H immediatelyac- upon thecemU by too Pops of the legations, wnicb, Ttiefct It ft vain to speak of restoring confidence and to carry out tbe programme for ths occasion. The design,aa-» area ueaAbana that we •ball arrive, by these otoanu,we deem ths task of cbor, we deem tbe task of c /tJtcssm "wiiirely •opTM"":Pnrtlea- evtcw toym , Uthemap,ahtuechangeat thesystemofgovernsaena,m**\*v~ .R»*. ta Arm* a..(,T '.Mh.%.««llw an rttle to Bayinrrrtestedtotonnavncoflhepeople,andclaimedfor(hemquarters aidetcaclisg.Bgtothesacred" Itwasrumored atthsUrnsthsSeventhregiment ar- Country,who,sothisoomatoi rivedatWashingtontbattheInauguralceremonieshad posesoffootstoolsforadosenawwsrnaTaasrBatfagsbeeB postponed; but it subsequently transpired that th.slnseteal an*aoeoasful revoltagainsttheirsovereign TbeEmperorbaareachedahighergeneraMaattobTaadre-Horns'—Recep- March inthekaowtedgad.byallthePowersofEurope,wiHattbe forfiftyyewra,bavobeenacostinualsourceofcm- titivatingtheartsofpeace,while'atthesame ssoriginallyadoptedandsubsequentlycarriedout,was wtoe time by a pastas settlement, and prevent a renewal barraasmest to tba Pontifical government; hut, aa I ; fjme principles are enunciated which seem to sum-y- war tosmedistely attar cosBmenicsUBg with the go- promised at «to begfcwmg of this letter to speak wits) mon all mankind to anarchy, rebellion, and to war. to make tbe ceremonies both a civil and military pageant,»eraa\ssas of France and Austria, I directed onaununica- open heart, you srfJJ allow m e to reverse the ar«.-j T'.'hstever strength tbe dynasty of the Emperor may re- and after deliberation by the committee, in order to gire meat. "Ao ca» count %p the reoiimtttm (hat have UJre* ceive by the acquisition of Savoy and Mice must be pur-t«MofthetimepropoaalatoPrussiaandto"**«•» placein trance tettUa the,tosttematyyesyr*?. chasedataruinousprice,ifbefttogiveinexchangefor thetotterfeaturegreateclat,itwas,attheeleventhboar, their kCiiistaliisi and aabsoesaat deekdon. With regard But at * ? same time who 0 there that dares to say to» the it bis reputation for disinterestedness s n d t h e confidence agreed to give the Seventh regiment of our city aa invita-ecelved. In ths immense railway station at theside, as early as six o'clock several todies a a d weretawaiting,whileouttotbe thsconing the soldiers seemed to be the ail i topic Sf COB'toI'M«Ibareaotreceivedanyanswer^baosver.ThegroatPrencbnationthattorthepeaceofEuropeitwould|whichallEuropedesirestofeelinhisprudenceaadmo-tiontoparticipateintbeaffair. NationalHotel,onPennsylvaniaavenue,wheretheywentversatioa.Itwasstrangeta derfulexcite Ptmetoaghvarnanentbaanotmadeaayobjectiontothebeadvtesbletonarrowthehmltsoftheempire?Tirear-deration;butiftheonionmusttakeplace,andthepower throughtheceremonyofafulldrcsiparade.Thisaffairmeettbeeventappearedtocreateall<towitnesstbtpyopraalaT but delaya making a definite e f e w ^ " " gument proves too much; you will therefore allow ate notepitomsoTFrimce and Aaau* have bee^ aacertatoed. to admit it And (hen your Majetty is not ignorantfrynhaiTh* ft txer Uy the substanceo* ^ » « tt£wrtoJSA perwsu, with want monty, wits nobcU fupport the recent at-Thenoble*JedwtUaaeabatKftthe1^^Jd* wpto- temfUatBclogna,fiatvnriaandUhercitieshavebemnmad*. BUwhich forbids tbe access of honest remonstrance to the The invitation waa extended to the regiment through earsofabsolutesovereignsftnottobeovercome,tottbe Hon.JohnCochrane,M.C.,ofthiscity,InatelegraphicEmperor at any rate take his spoil as the reward of con- despatch to CoL Leflerta, tbe commandant of the Seventh. quest and the result of treaty, and above all thingswas witnessed by several thousand spectators. Tbe Guard were attired to their full dress gray sntt, and appeared quite fresh, although recovering from a tedious trip from New Y ork. After t b e dress parade tbe route o f marchanxiety to get tbe " first peep,'appointment soaayjaasj iputting t h e looked for moment i everytwentyminutesorso. Atlast,atabouttenmmulesto eleven o'clock, intelligence was received that thstram ermtatotag the precious warriors bad toft Princeton atida*i cMaaotat seweentbe • . S^5 ?Z *£?* Kearly the whole of tbe populations remained! terror- jeaty tp s lace the papara on the table of the House. stricken at the movement, wbxh It had not expected, and (Cheer*; which they oldnotshowany inclinationtofailow. Letlet bim beware of committing himself to principles Tbe despatch was too indefinite to warrant the Co- was pursued up the avenue to Lafayette square, where uiktcA are not the less odious because they attempt toektak the lonel In taking immediate measures to call h i s men t o - tbey baited in front of tbe White House, or Presidential rtal nature of a questionabletransaction,northelessdan- mansion. Theofficers then proceeded in a bodytoths10:46,andwouldbesurelyto JerseyCaytothecourseof orri<*ds.urirormPMWCMEMTBRO*TO yourMajestyreflectthat,ifIhadacceptedtbeprolsotex-geroutbecausetheyhaveinthemacertaintravestiedlikenessgethertotaketheirsenseonthematter,butasubsequentPresident'shouse,where,aftersfewminutesdetention,thirtyminutesThisInformawmwasquicklysstoaiwere n o t reported, s s w s s anticipated. There Inbo reflect upon that phrase of your Majesty that if I ft undoubtedly some trouble behind the thronehad accepted that project I sbould have maintained m y about t b e Fifth avenueauthority over these provinces, which seems to implythat at toe pout we bave arrived at they ere irretrievably Mr. Cockling does not seem satisfied with the informs discipline and intelligence. Tbese circumstances combinedrailroad,lost. Sire, I beg of you, in the name of the church, and tion already received about the Central Park. He madealso in the point of view of your own interest, to make my apprehensions unjustified. Certain memoirs, said to be secret ones, inform me that the Fanperor Napoleon I. left to his family useful warnings, worthy of a Christian pbilfeeopber, who, in adversity, found -in religion alone re-honor extended to them, from the circumstances of tbe case, would be declined.pastedinreviewincolumn,bycompanies,oncetaordina ry time and afterwards in "double quick." The marching oftbetroopswassuperb;indeed,theyneverlookedtobetments etaco two o'clock tbe day previous. Wrui as ttmis delay s a practicable, therefore, they were marched i s double fllea on board tbe fern boat to waiting for then,young Prince imperial.THS VATICAN, Jan 8, I860.TDS DBPARTCBE FOB WASHINGTON.PIUS I X SFUCH OF VICS THE NINTH ON THK CRISIS.The Journal dts btbats publishes the following extract of a letter from Reme, dated Mat of January:—America, who are destined for the priesthood, an eccle- siastical education. His Holiness personally administered tee communion to the pupils, and to many persons ad- mitted to the solemnity. Immediately after the termina- tion of tbe religious ceremony the guests assembled in an immense ball, where they partook of refreshments. Here the Holy Father beard two short speeches, one from tbe director of the establishment and the other from Cardinal BarnaboTHE LATEST NEWS.SAN FRANCISCO,Feb.4—2P.M.tioned on Broadway, and down to the New Jersey rail- road depot, at the foot ot Cortlandt street, there could not have been less tban ton thousand persons to witness the departure of the "crack" regiment of our local militia.The hour for the formation of the regimental line ar- rived, when over six hundred members, or nearlytwo- thirds of tbe entire regiment, were present, ready for march, to compliance with the regimental order—a fact highly commendable to the character of the regiment, when it is remembered that the members bad received but-thirty six hours notice.marked to Quartermaster Winchester, that she never saw such a fine body of good looking men before In ber life, and tbat the Seventh must bave brought all there were of tbat class from New York.On Thursday, a t half-past three o'clock,P . M ., t h e Guard marched down to the Washington and Baltimore Railroad depot, to embark for home. They proceeded thither without any escortDuring the stsy of the visiters in Washington they were entertained by the Washington Light Infantry at tbe new Armory, and late ta the evening the band serenaded tbe Congressional Committee who bad charge of the inaugu-state of tffairs in Italy its interests imposed the necessityopen it, and it always lookel noon tbe term of its effirtam the PenlDSu a as the eatabUabment of a politicalsystem of a natuie to prevent any intervention in future.OUT views la thla tespect -have been publicly ex to him, but (bat bia devotionto Catholocism was only that Tbe overland mail, with St. Louis dates of the Wtb.ar-pressedbytheEmperorhimselfonthemoatsolemnocca-sionr. The propositions of tbe English government would,then tore, on y giva a diplomatic aaaction to a artsh aaevidently sincere aa it has been repeatedly renewed. Ito! i Lord Cowley that the government of bis Majesty al-fcsradtoit without reserve. Iadded that our opinioo ontbJa point hadnever varied, andthat we therefore worldinmakinganappeal onbehalf ofthejusticeofhisriv-itoday.bringingSt Louisdatesofthe18thby tele- grsfh to Malloy's Station.Adrlttior a l Particulars o f t h e Itlassacltu- setts Strike.BOSTON, Feb. 24,1860.The hour fordeparture arrived, andtheregiment, rationoftbestatue.Tbe Pope, immediately sucoeding the Cardinal, replied, lb substance, that he was grat slul for the thanks expressedofhispredecessors.Thetrialswhichheexperiencedothers experienced and remained triumphant. One remedy atone existed against tbe perverse doctrines preval lng in a portion of tbe Christian work), and against the disloyal maco'uvres which attacked tbe church—that remedy was constant prayer. What he asked from the Catholicbeaded by their new band and drum corps, took up the line of march. On account of the sloppy, slushy and forbidding condition of Broadway, the Colonel very ju- diciously marched bis command by the flank in double tiles (Hardee) on tbe sidewalk the enure route to the point of departure, a s tbe command passed alone tbeTbe trip home was not characterised with any unusualpoint of interest, except, perhaps, at Baltimore and all and tbe din and roar made up by the combined efforts otthe stations on the journey there appeared a well deve- loped enthusiasm. *•They experienced considerable difficulty and delay Inor tbea motion this morning to recommit that bill to ask for fur ther tnfoTmatiou or the Oommieeioners. Mr. Arojlarius opposed the motion at some length, but before a vote was taken the House adjourned.A bill to incorporate the Chenango Sewings Beak was under consideration in tbe Senate, and the principle of appropriating unclaimed deposits was discussed.The investigating committee on tbe one hundred thou- sand dollar letter of the Speaker's have not found a letter of that nature, or even the smell of the smoke. The whole thing is moonshine, and has vanished before it waa touched. Thefriendsofprorataclaimthattheyare stronger now than before the recess.Arrival oftheOverland Mall* MALOY'S STATTOS, F e b . 2 4 , I 8 6 0 .Tbe overland mail coach, with regular San Francisco dates to the 3d of February, and telegraphic despatches to the 4th, arrived here at four o'clock this afternoon.Arrived at San Francisco, Jan. 81, ship Malay, Whit- comb, N ew York; British ship Eliza, from London Sailed SCth ship Princess, Oalao; 81st, British ship Locket, Melbourne.Arrived New York.shipsPanther,from Boston, a n dEagle,fromBusiness is very quiet.The treasure shipment of Monday will be fair. Crushed sugar 12c. a 14c.Domestic spirits drooping.There is no other change in the markets.Money not easy.gsnrzed a strong pol'ce of their own number to preserreevtcuate tie Lombard Provinces, and thus to put an end Tbe words of Pius IX produced a sensation amongst the the peace, who, together with tbe Lynn Light Infantry, nent places In the galleries of the depot. A train of six- An incident connected with the trip ft worthy of men-to an armed intervention which the very principles of auditors, and subsequently in the city. That, doubtless, held to readiness at their armory, and a detachment of •een large cars waa specially designated to convey the tion. It is this>—$6,000 towards defraying tbe expenses onr policy urge us to make as short as possible. W e which added o tbe natural effect likely to be produced by troops, and two powerful locomotives, gayly decked with of the trip was collected in the ears by Paymaster A. therefore most willingly accept the English proposition a s such a speech, waa the extreme animation with which it tbe Boston police, specially sent for, form a force sufficient Hags and streamers, were attached to the train. The em- Kemp before they reached Philadelphia.well as regards the Raman territory as Lombardy; butthe proper moment tor doing s o ia a n important point, which, moreover, tbe Kngliab. government baa not over- look! d,aa<l 1bave been enabled to mtke use of tbe very cautions which it recommends such a measure to be ac- companied with, fully to t^tabUsh that the evacuation of Rome ought necessarily to remain subordinate to the cer- tainty that no seiiaus danger should result therefrom to the saf« ty of tbe Holy See, and that the evacuation of lombardy should not take place until the Joint consent, ta.it or obclared of the great Powers should guarantee trie new otgauisatioo af Italy.i-assing to the thirl proposition, I declared to tbe Eng-ht-h An<b»aaaaor that it did not appear to me to give riseto an objection, and that the government of the Emperorcan in pi irciple butgive its assent to it. I, however, ob-wan delivered.WHAT 1HB T0T% ONCK THOUGHT OF HIS TEMPORALPOWEH,Mr. Patrick O'Brien, writing from Constantinople, hasaddressed the following letter to a London paper:—A great deal of agitation prevails at present wttb regard to the Pojo's temporal power. It does not appear thatto overawe tbe few turbulent spirits, and no serious out- break l a s occurred or is anticipated.barkation of the troops was a matter of no ordinary mag- nitude, b u t it w a s conduced b y Quartermaster Locke W. Winchester, of the Seventh, with a degree of order and good judgment that impressed those present that be was no novice in his special department. Shortly be- fore five o'clock on last Tuesday afternoon, the tram with the regiment on board departed for Washington, smid the "hurrahs" and "good-byes" of an immense as semblsgs.EN ROUTE FOB WASHINGTON.After tbe train left the troops busied themselves in unThe report tbat the regiment gave three groans on leav- ing Washington, as alleged by a contemporary, la erro- neous. The Guard gave the " Richmond cheer," which consists of three clappings of tbe bands snd a " booh I" Many not understanding this mistook it for groans, and hence the blunder.Tbe honors paidto the Guard on Thursday tost, by the review and address by President Buchanan, and after- wards by the adoption of theresolutiontatheHouseof Representatives instructing the Doorkeeper of that body to provide places for the members of the Seventh regi-to negotiate orivate conditions by offering coocessioa* to wblcb I have derived from my predecessors I widtion.RiCHVOOT), Feb. 24,1800.Venetia, and that in such case it would bejrell to reserve me right of examining th e overtures which should b e made by ite Vienna CabinetAa r+garda the fourth aad last point, M e. le Comto, Ittouches upuo an order of considerations which did not penniless, and even without a change of dress; yet hisA majority of th e Business Committee to-day submitted to the Opposition Convention a report deprecating allallow me tcgive at present a definitive answer, and I hadto remind Lord Cowley of the position of the governmentof the Emperor toward! the outer great Powers, especial-ly towards Austria. It is impossible for ns to disavow theobstacles which the provisions of the treaty of Zurichmeet with. After having honestly exerted for manyIIHntbs its Incessant efforts to facilitate their realization,tbe government of tbe Emperor baa come to the couclu- ttonthatitwaadifficultforittoentertainthehopeoftri-cametributesofmoneyandexpressionsofsorrowfor aaaphiBg over those obstacles.conferred on the general government b y the constitutionbeing applied to ends of injustice and oppression; holdingit to be the duty of the federal government to promotethe interest and prosperity of the States; and that thegeneral government has no right to interfere with alavervin the States; reiterating the compromise of 1850 relativeto slavery in the Territories; condemning the reopening oftbe slave trade; expressing immovable attachmentto the Union; condemning^he recommendations of thePresident in 1868, that Congress invest him with the war railroad. By this time railroad travelling appeared to tion here, after being especially invited by mmminora of makingandtreatymakingpower,fee.;advocatingre- bavesharpenedtbeappetitesofthesoldiers,andthesmall Congresstoparticipateintheproceedingsofyesterday.It bcrievts It may pay itself the Just compliment or having fulfilled all Haengagemenis in this respect. It is, moreover,disposedtoconsiderthemeasuresproposedb/ tbe English government as well suited to efleet a solution which would satisfy the interests of Italy, and which ooo tains guarantees of stability necessary for the general in- terests. These moat urea are to perfect keeping with the principles which form tbe bases of our institutions, and we^bo'iid not be JaatiSed in challenging the efficiency when applied to other countries But, whatever may be M r opinion upon tbe value o f the combination o f smich tbe govern meat of her Britannic Majesty tats* the initi- ative, we regard ourselves aa swraily bound firstto con suit tba Chart of Austria on tbe strojeat We most uphold tba upright mtoattoBS a f l b s Emperor and t h e sinceritysf his policy above all cnsptc<oa; sad, with tba stipula- tions of VUlafransa and af Zurich before us, we could aot biad ourselves at once ia a formal manner.If tba BfaleasBossof onr counsels a n d endeavors b a a convinced aa of the impossibility sf restoring the autho- ritysfthedeposedprinces,wearenottheleasboundtochurch. The question of modifying ths Roman States is •Simply s political question. If the people of the Romagna areunanimousindeclaringthattheywill notliveunderfallback,"wastbeorderofproceeding,whichmottowas cereinvitedtoplacesuponthestandwhiletheceremonies cairied out to the fullest extent, until all tbe eatables on of tbe occasion were In progress. Again, no boll or revaryingalmostasageometrical Bos Thsetafestscru- tiny could not detect tbe variation of a hair. Cheer upon cheer broke forth. The Seventh,toougbfatigued, thewsd no mere discomfort than when they storied sa their trip, snd never before were tbey witnessed to greater advan-f i l t n t any -false interpretations, and to set aside alldoubts, by redeamtog, first of all, the word France in grreat mass of tbe people. The Englishman for whom I Btrattbafwwsrd expJaasUoM wttb the court of Austria. pleaded was at once reprieved, and he was subsequentlytrain to thtt place. Many or tbe members of the Seventh! took breakfast at the hotel, and no less than three hunl dred dollars was received for the same by the host B yArmory. The delay that took place in the inauguration of tbe statue prevented the visiting military from eating their dinner there, as was intended; turning that nsKataliiiaoniOKnIlbs Bitot has*, SJSsanst aot forget that ore recently sectored to liberty. If there be on earth a person, tbetended, and that it was unanimously resolved mat, intheir opinion, it ft right and proper for South Carolina to daylight on Wednesday the train left for Baltimore, and Into a very desultory supper parly, and defeaing tbeInvested the r6U with all the paatioatbat dftUnguhbed ber ptrtormanoe of * »stlavits* Prussia aadto participate In tbe Congress, unsullied tenor of whose life, rectitude of principle and la us likely at tbe same purity of htart, entitle himto the name of a good man,be represented in the Charleston Convention. A State Convention will be held at Columbia to nominate candiafter a tedious, slow ride o f over three hours tbe troops purpose o f making It t h e occasion o f complimenting the Seventh regiment aad the rest of the troops from a dftarrivedatBaltimore,Maryland. Ontheirarrivaltbey tanceattending,accordingtotheirdeserts. Wsarevery were welcomed by a salvo of artillery fired by tbe Essie sure that all here interested ta the proceedings of yester-dletinguitbedsummer, aad added a new wreath to the sbehasalreadygainedasoneofthefirstlyrichup*8*" of the day. Tbe opera was well suetaised tbrosgaon, Madame Strakrech and Brignoli particularly "Jtotogsss- togthemselves. MadamsGanaalga receivedaana flattering ovation at tbe bands of the psbhe.thatEurope,ton*aseemsled,waanotcalledupontosanc- tion a final ariasgssaial, aa* w s absnld fear to exposecnreelveatotbarMknfbsMtngI eoeptibiltties .. V, finding onTielyes now brooght the force of etrcum- to pmce omstrvss -to another potot of view, weahcnldabstatotromoonr>rBEtothecBAteettof8treters- totig sn* ofBerlintbanewattuaUonInwhichimpenosa etecnamtonamplaceat,andshouldwsneglecttoconvinceConvcntlon. BrjRLMGTosr, lows, Feb. 24,1860.day heartily thank all the soldiery from other points par tidrjettog,for theirattendance,aadarediipoeed todo their best to render their visiters as comfortable aad banav aspossible. * —wv/THERECEPTIONATHOME.Long before lazy caycocks hadtaken Itinto theirheada to crow yesterday morning, and even before care-fulhousewiveshadshakenoffdrowsySomnus,toestreetsthe opinion of the person who is most interested in thequestion, namely, Plus IX. himself, has as yet been clearlyand distinctly made known to the public. In 1862 I wasemployed at Rome in negtciating some questions thenpending between her Majesty's government and the HolySee. In an audience with which I was honored by the Tbe strikers in the other manufacturing towns appearslinging knapsacks, arranging their muskets, ko , all of ment, were highly appreciated by the latter. The reeoluPope, bis Holiness declared to me In tbe most emphatic manner that he cand nothing for his temporal power. "If 1 have," ia*ihe,"buta palm's breadth if land to standto stttnd to the subject without violence or unnecessary fuss.which was done In a systematic, soldierly and quiet man-ner. Each company, with Its officers, had separate carsto itself. The men enjoyed themselves as well as thenatureoftbecasewouldpermit,bytellinganecdotes,singing songs, and, aa they passed villages on the route, in a purely national purpose, at an immense outlay of in receiving and reciprocating the enthusiasm of the money, was never before undertaken by any volunteer people. A t Rah way. N e w Brunswick. Trenton a n d organization; a n d n o regular army or regiment could b* other places on the route of the New Jersey railroad, im- transported over tbe route which the Seventh was withserved to Lord Cowley that It appeared to u s advisable toprovidefortheeventualityshouldAustriathinkitpossible -upon/shallbesatitjUd;butofthespiritualpower TheVirginiaOppositionStateConven-Theexcursionjus\accomplishedbytheNationalGuard,never yield an iota." The immense spiritual powerwhich tbe Pope wields over the millions who compose th eCatholic world, is entirely independent of his position asasovereignprince. WhenthePopefledfrom Romeaad partyorganization;urgingmeasurestopreventthspowers took refuge in a miserable inn a t Gaeta, he was utterlvspiritual power was as great, snd perhaps greater, than when be sat enthroned amidst the royal splendor of tb • Quirirel. It was whilst be was thus a penniless exile that he received letters of condolence and ofiers of service from tbe Queon of England, the Emperor of Russia, and from every Protestant, Greek and Catholic sovereign in Eu rope. It wss then that from every part of th> earth, wherever the Catholic religion was known,TLe train arrived at Camden between eleven and twelve o'clock on Tuesday night, where they alighted from the cars and proceeded on board the ferry boat which was to convey them to Southwark, below Philadelphia proper,[From the Washington Star, Feb. 23.]We hear that many members of this admirable corpsthe troubles which had fallen upon the bead of UK-trenchment and reform in the government expenditures; denouncing t b e black republican party; recognising the duty and obligations of this country in Its intercourse with foreign governments;approving oftheaddressofreftesbment saloon on board the boat was the subject of Thus, at a moment's notice, and at heavy expensetomsny amusing but innocent scenes by the soldiery in their themselves, tbey left New York, and ware aot assignedtilorts to supply the wants of the Inner man. " Fire and "tbe right" of the procession; nor were any of their offl teg fromJibe steps of the BaB to the raHtag, as un-the Papal government, It is not to be supposed that the the National Central Union Committee, so far as it recomthe boat were despatched. It ft here remarked that thetrooi g in going from the care to the boat did so in truemilitary style; no disorder of any kind was observable,but the men stood ta tbe ranks until they were dismissed tbem was designed. Tbe late hour at which they reached tage. Tbe review was not a formal one—a mintary si- by tbeir several commandants.head of a religion which preaches mercy and brotherly love will consent to let loose upon «bem a foreign army— to bave their towns sacked, their homes made desolate, and their women outraged by a savage soldiery—and tomends the sending of delegates to the National Convention at Baltimore, and recommending the adoption of the ad-dress of the National Committee.ception—usual on such occasions—has taken place in compliment to tbem. Such are tbe allegations.No action has been yet token. The Convention is still bave all tboae horrors perpetrated in the name of the debating tbe reports. There ft no probability of anyNow, we are very sure that no disrespect towardsWashington—after all the arrangements for the preces lute merely having been paidto tbe Mayorta pastingHoly Catholic Cbureb.action to-night.From Philadelpiba to Havre de Grace tbe trip was quite tedious: the cars on tbe railroad are antiquated and di-sion were made—accounts tor the failure to tender themAfter leaving UM Park tbe march was continued as far up as Eighth street, where, afters variety of exereftst, tot companies wore dtohaaded, and the mflrtarr pageaat ote concluded.AcaDBVT or Mrac —"Sappho," Pacini's best opera, was given last night for the first snd only appoaraaot a Madame Gazzaniga. The weather wot dfttrosstogly ate*greeable, but ths audience was sas sf the tonjmtasd most fashionable of UM season Madame CSSWBBJIB performance of the unfortunate poetess is famtoar to to operatic public of tbe metropolis. Onto)Part of my instructions when at Rome was to obtainfrom the Pope the pardon of a British subject whohaibeen condemned to death for a political offence. I tooktbe liberty of pointing oat to his Holiness that every act ofneedless severity practised within bis dominions must boinjurious to tbe rause sf religion; that the shooting, the portea into Southern ports from taxatior>when sold in banging, the flogging, tbe slow tortures of the dungeon,lapidated; tbe movement of the train alow, and theall were perpetrated in toe name o f tbe Catholic religion; that tbe widow's heart was broken and the orphan left without a protector; and that all this was done to upholdvention to reform the State constitution.South Carolina a n d tits Charleston Con- vention.CBABLBSTOir, Feb. 24, I860. Tbe Courier says tbe meeting last night was well atbeforehand to permit the District military to get up a ball, o r , indeed, a n y other entertainment than the bountiful collation for two thousanda system of government which waa obnoxious to thetender and a one-horse hotel keeper at Havre de Grace.The circumstance, whether accidental o r designed, hadthe desired eflfect of detaining the regimenttor fiveboars,until a locomotive was seat from Baltimore to take the souls which w a s duly spread o a t to t h e Dfttrictthat person la Pius TX Why, then, should recourse b e thePowers,sadtonre- hadtoarmorWhyshouldEaropebeplungedintothe1 have betu It did not depend upon n shorrors of war, if a direct appeal to the bead of tbe church can avert these horros, and set tbe question of tbe RomanStatesatsettforever?MOBS.NEGOTIATIONSBMTWKBJINAPOUON ANDTHE POPB.[Rome (Feb. 4 ) correspondence of the London Times.]lbsMaasatsdeCadore,FirstSecretarytotheFrench gknbassy.arrived heretbedaybefore yesterlay,bring JsjgdespatchesaddressedtotheRapebytbeFrench government Of the cnataats, of course, I know nothing.**"•Titolow* Democratic StatsArtillery company, and were received by the Baltimore CityGuardbaUallion,underthecommandofMajorJ.P Warner, and an immense concourse of people. The dis- embarkationofthetroopsatthispointoccupiednearly tbree^uarteraof an hour. The members of the Seventh regiment appeared somewhat fatigued, after passine s tedkmsnightonthecarsandferryboats. AftertheTor- motionofthetoe0ftheNewYorkers,tberouteofmarch- wsspursuedthroughsomeoftheprincipalstreetsof Baltimore to the depotof the B a l t t a o ^ s ^ T w S f f i ^Tbeencomiumsbestowed bytheBaltimoroans on the ofGothamwereastirwithgaylyuniformed soldiery,andLhasa of tba asssssMy af finding mors pmttwal measures". "**•wssthjaaantof rmastinns wbtoh naan>l Withont ftMcertain,however,that theDuke*eSramonthasaot New* from the RioGrande andthe Bay Railroad.Markets. Nnsw«OJWsxIPa»t—sai-,—'*•.—«*'a.«'*I-,MCotton firm satlestoday12,^000batlaeisat»%c-alieto?sneersdedinovercomingtheresistance-of tbePope;aa* 4 Island*. Jjf^^^^^to^^wtoy^aare- thatsheDokespositionisbynsmeansaaeasyone. It NswCoxaaaa.Feb.28,I860.iaMLAttorney General Phillips and Major General Sutton ad- dressed the military, counsellii g moderation and firm- ness in any emergency.The strike committee bave agreed to allow the free Usnsportion of work between Lynn and other towns, and instructed their psllcc to enforce the regulation. On the other band they propose to organise strikes to each of ths towns where the goods are received and made up, thereby inducing tbem to return tbe work to the manu facturers without its being completed.TheAlabamalegislature Trade.a n dFreeMO.YTOOMCRT, Feb. 24,1860. Tie Legislature h a s passed a bill exempting goods imat tbe latter place, it was ascertained that the track w a s obstructed b y a locomotive which h a d been switched off through tbe negligence of a switchgrowing out of those things, were doubtless tbe cause why the duty of Inviting tbeir field officers upon the stand w a s forgotten.TbeDemocraticStateConventionmetatDesMoineson the 22d, for tbe purpose of selecting delegates to Charles- ton. A. C. Dodge, Ben M. Samuels, ex Governor Baker andD.0.Lynchwerechosendelegatesatlarge. Resolu- tionsInstructingthedelegatestovote forJudge Douglas werepassed. ^ ^^To-daytherewillbeasraadmattoee,towtacbaBft* artists, Including tbe three prhae donBe-Gasmaftn,rwm andCotooa--wul appear OnSundaytke'-Potato"wUI begivenasaaoratorio,aadoajkotofaJstoAW«J makeherdebutta"Martha." Tbenextweekwilltotae lss» of tsn Opera.generalappearance,numericalstrengthandfinedisciplineMi^lEgTlZr"* *"**TSdtopsnm^blet; sf the suppression of the f/ieiiteri was roomed in Rome by despatches from Gov. Houston, regarding aflairs on the hand, were to tbe highest terms complimentary, and A. M. saw most of the members of the Twelfth aad Ninthiseveaa^dtbstaehasaskedtoberentoved. Thenews nn iha r a T T a i y ? - ? - g ! ~ ? » ***** tbe Court o f Austria, a tok^rraphlc despatch, but t h e Pope was aware that M.Gen. Forbes Bratton, of theTexas Senate, bearerofthsairresoundedwith inspiriting music. live o'clock, 4na aSt*a*? K0C P r« « * •** * Riasia, -appearedtomemsny citizens expressed a regret that their stay was not^ L ^ f X i f S * ; , l h i W " h l 5 f t o n Btolrosd depot was weremakingenergeticpreparationstoresistthecession reachedaboutntaeo'clockonWwlnesday,wherebothregiments out of bed—in fact at the place o f rendezvous, to prepare for the proper reception of the world renownedtime tost year.1,248,600 bales _ ReceiptsatallSouthernportsi_wouldnotdoits efflcialorganthehonortoentrust theencyclicaltettertom&EL2lS£mm * *•*«btogtonstatue. Notime foresixWSEthetimesetforthintheprogrammeforthe4TM„?.ooo£?*JF£ mtlm.ttw&nfi'*Gweek, 10,000bags, stock,»** E'XLosioBialtfd r ^ c E e J ^ ^LTiT^ centdiscount,aad atsight1-"Freight of cottonto Liverpool( Cote, qnlel. Til. EDrop.'! isier, bat quotations sneaa1 BavAjnus, Feb. • • * * M B*IM todav lJWbstot;SBlssof tinCotton steady OSalCoB e v ' Q s y 1 *|SB^SW 1 mmm aamatoaL. . ._ T.nAt— onaawhgf IAJBW •osVwgeoo i: receipts ofthe wees, to^"»^ week, l1a8%,5*0o0» bales:; reesBsm 01 aw» w»—, TTT—***a<aiavt8,000 ta tameweek net• ^JJ^SlasbaftT; at this portsfi.Sss bates; do. at *tov**^**Ttd stock.ffjsa bates, steritog 1111 tongs soars ot§M»»toit for MbResrtoa*ltos\sa Italiaa ihe Cm&a CWWtoa thisTito V o w Jersey Railroads Twcmw, Feb. 24, I860.Tbe Annexation of P#l*£#am*9S IdsgW'wjr#tf *ZA\> ^^^^r^^^^^^WY^kbavwaato* m^°<£ S^T^ S ^ ' * - ^ Athalfpastnineo'clockthstrain,consistingoftwenty-\ ors bay waa lost in the Senate. Tbe whole afternoon of eight cars, started for Washington, which octet tbev mander of the escort, deferred the business for a a hour••B^'smBan *I **amnmnfIsaa^aamwaa^ssmommWto-day 4,400^^^^wW^SrwawSBBBBIwith a dechning Cotton McbABgedOn, Feb.Rio Grande, has arrived here, and leaves tomorrow for Washington.•he week, M^OO bales, ssatoot dMW •*•».»•_•a position on the right The terrible state of the weather, effect monotonous. On ths antral of the regiment the awful crowd around the status, and the confusion"tender ."Arrival of ttoe Train w1th the E naasftlsto-waittoaialaaaioftheJersey1Primitive CollatsonCrossing ttoe River—"The ShyRocMet reportwaserroneous Tbahourappointedforthefor tbeahansofraggedTurbinematioaof tbe proowstoa was half past one, which give tbeNewYorkersbutlittle over threequartersofas boortosatdinnerandprepare:butallmiswaadoneCheer"—"Home,tiontoytamo Escort—TheCity—Popalar Demonstrations—Review without a murmur, aad long before tbe civil and military to two companies, sixteen flies frostcommitteeofarrangementswasa sumentirelytoosi saaB*dent of the United States, with bis mounted guard, fol lowed the infantry in his own carriage, and the members ofbisCabinet,members of Congress, aaddis- tinguished civilians a n d officers o f t b e army and navy were in carriages behind him.Tbe review of the National Guard by President Buchan- an on Thursday was probably ihe grandest military scene everwitnessedinWashington.Thspreparatoryarrange- ment was tbe formation of the regiment in front of theappeared at first to warrant the belief tbat the national President returned to his original position the regiment having had no sleep during the night, nor any refresh-At the hour appointed for tbe mass meeting of tberegiment, (he targe ball in the lower arsenal, attbe corner oi White and Centre streets, contain- the troops were eloquently addressed by tbe President nags. Aplentiful collstkm ta the wsy of several mi*crossing toe Susquehanna. Tbe boat carried over five There isgreat excitement atLynn to-day. Onehun- streetstbegreatestenthusiasmprevailed amongthespec- carswith their passengers. Othercarswere furnishedIt was a lhtle after neon when t h e regiment search*! out into West and Coruandt streets, to form ta order for the march. The Twelfth and Ntath regiments, and tee stayathome reserve ofthsBalaam, were drawsuo along tbe south side of Coruandt street, and a trenendoesassemblage of people filled every available pared* ot space t a b reach of tbe eye. Tbe retemed warriors ad. vanced upCortlandt street, marching br colama iashouldfeelou'Kivrs fully justified in acqiieaoing >u it cause, wasprayer, incessantprayer; buthemostaddwithout entering into explanations with the other Ca- tA«r* mver u>as there a biterer trial or the peril more me dred extra police bare been sworn in, and the Lynn Light tators, and this, combined with the soul stirring music of for tbe remainder on this side. There were aftoon carsbatata. noting. U was in Italy that the perversion of men's the National Guard Band, rendered tbe scene and effect On the second peist, to make known to the English minds was most to be seen; it wss in the Peninsula that a Infantry are under arms up to noon. Attorney General one of unusual grandeur and magnitude.AmbatsidortbeflewsofthegovernmentoftheEmperor, spiritof revoltagainstallwhichIssacred foundnourish PhillipsisatLynn,toadvisewithMayorDavis uponpre asthemilitarywentonboardtbeferryboat connectedto tbe train.Colonel Lefferts, lieutenant Colonel Crawford, MajorI could alto refer to its previous deelaratims, and espe- mint and support. The distinction between truth and cautionary measures. cially to that of the first French Plenipotentiary at the falsehood was lost; vice became virtue; virtue was calie1Pond, QuartermasterWinchester, andAssistantQuarter-with tbe New Jersey Railroad, the adieus and cheers of master Laimbeer, were all indefatigable in the transporta platoons to Broadway, and receiving tee military salotam u r e crowds o f people assembled, and t h e reciprocal congratulations of the military and the people were quite cordial.more-onier or system. New York has been nobly repre senled tn the national event that has just transpired and tbe gallant soldiers who bave promptly responded to an invitation o f t h e national Congress, and proceeded on a kng journey at their own expense, should be reimbursed for tbe outlsy tbey bave made.the terminus of the Philadelphia and Havre de Grace express themselves much disappointed with their receptender. It wss currently reported that this drawback It was not known hers that ihe regiment designed Alabama. It has also passed a bill pro?iding for a con- was tbe result of a preconcerted plan between the switch favoring us with their presence sufficiently longVexafkx waul* publish tbe encyclical latter; strange tosf tobetterknowninFranceoftbeintendtoHonduras. cemmandsembarkedforWashingtontotakeparttotheSeventhoatheirreturnfromWashington.Aquarterbe-balea;stockatNewOrleans,,*<1^00bafts"J*71Advices from Ruatan are to the 4th tost The citizensSni!lS!^}?e.?*m^er?v0f £•8evwrth to breakfastat Baltimore, but through the hospitality of the Baltimoreb 0 , m ff 5 "PI^TM"ktars, aaaSwtoheV;bouses, only awaits the sftaatars of the OovsraaTto be- roast meats and eau de vie were furnished to the former in •as cars.orming,but thebattalionortheSeventhregimentmade up of such members so did aot goto Washington, aad un- der th s command of Colonel Doryos, failing to report themselves to readiness, Colonel Butterneld, the comThe Central Railroad Extension bill, having passed both S L ^ S . ' ^yesterday waa spent in efforts to defeat thetakincuo ofthe HobcVn and Newark Railroad bill. TbVbfo wasAnally taken op, aad ths House adjourned. After an ^IS^tee passage from Baltimore the rata rwured Uowri shifted from Broome streetto Broadway-s very desirablechange, seeing that the latter street, during the night pre- vious, had been made to cultivate extensively the acqtuint- anceshlp o f t h e official brooms, while t h e former still reekedwithfilthandsplashedwith mudtathemosttani^SSft.**^; **£.''•H** ****»«« appeared ta falleffort to take up the same bill to-day, oa its second read- w « a f f i £ J"Whmgton. The utmost hilarity aad exchanges of goodtag, bothparties comnromfted,casaoAtogtttheordsrof feelingtookplacebetweenthe l^Yorkaad*5tbe dsy for Tuesdsy afternoon nextaad the Slavery IatvsBTsran tttobfliIBtheTerritoryofKansas.The the bill op again, and will probably]'rem Jho Janeiro fortroopsonthewaytoWashington. WashingtonTMt SBTENTH BEOIM1NT W WASHINGTON.On Wednesday noon the Nen York military reached Washington. It was expected, according to military usageUntitled Documenttermedou Broadway,the right w i n g r f t h eTwelfthreft Iantesto-dayi m " ^ •**" ««dnrmtoon«telltioS7*7 about noon! later. At the same time also the field of operations w a s0h n toued* 5 ? S * ° ? i "*»» "»e train reachedter advantage tban on this occasion. After tbe review wbicb, by tbe way, was very handsomely decorated wttbtion passed unanimously, and many of our gallant National Guard subsequently occupied prominent places there, and for the moment attracted th s attention usually given to honorable members& 2 f i h ' J I t o U r J ? l f o r " t Buaioortojliiai,boad to- asdetiquette,thatlbsIrfttrietatilltorywouldbarebeen ^^^"J*^*"""66TM' *ad*•PdtostNinth, preamm.^ *TA«U*I.W. *»* sates 440 bates* * * **** * roasrto them; hoi aot so; Cblsasi Htoasy, the only representative of that body, waited on Colonel Lefferts, and informed h im that the troops wore drawn a s ft Jatktory square, opposite 0 * Oay ^aO, wbsrstbaycommanded b y CoL Van Beuren, turned o u t shout t h e same number, attired likewise ta their winter uniforms, overcoats, fall dress caps, h e amawow,- " • . " P * * * " toatoltea o f tho Seventh aot making its appearance at seven o'clock, t h e reciaaental linesCotton quiet:>£0 many lungs were almost unendurable.•^TsresoVsrgmiddling. Sates of ths » » * » « M * i fto •****SSrV-^*••*•*..m,•aw*.*.<•«*«#«»-'%'mki.*•.»'fV*•»309 S....-.Thomas M. Tryniskith Stre Fulton New York13069outh 4et-«*»"* .»! -«.'«»».www.fultonhistory.comJm?i*) J*'"--^ 