 sr*mmtibought they were mistaken, to say the least. He hadoffices, now supports Lincoln.In 1856, there were upward of fifty journals in to a direct, clear, and conclusive answer to my second- 6X . THESi*'», V-*--;v**^***-*1****' •K^'ARTS..U-.;';. •'.the power to inWbU.KJMX0 AMERICANS FORLINCOLN.thing),Is to get their candidate into the Houses itlurtl Where are the remaining 1(5 to come from? The.eince-1856: 5 " i # I I l i ' i I i S € S f l S # ^ t t 3Mr. E. R. Jewett, publisher of The Bvffalo Com- Committee. Mr. Dawson has now published the sub- force the Southern States, m ^ f S e f e S T t ^ ^ * ^4,1 •••'' ' » : / ;oestT'Tlieyare convinced that Breckinridge will carryalarge majoritylot the Slave States, and that he/will mated by :Tkc Npw-Yorh JExpress-—Lincoln,\15;be second highest in the Electoral College. They have Breckinridge, 12; Douglas, 1; Bell, I ; equally divide i, and chief manager of the Fillmorei campaigu in 1856,,•'.J<YH>SPEECHESOf Ex-Senator Babcock and Gen. 6. A. Bcroggs.noideaofassistingMr.BelltotheexclusionofMr. 4. Now,,whereisMr.Bellto^&tvotestoelecthim7 Douglas. They hope that, as between Lancoln, Breck- None of the Breckinridge, men will vote for him, forjoined commentary upon tbe letter and the speeches:.\ " In this compilation of his speeches and votes which heinclosedtome,and,byaspecialreferencetothehe does the present condition of the counteTor ofabloodydramaofRevolution? TM Wm<mFnm The Buffalo Commercial Adrer titer.Cong. Globe, psges 947-958, he uttered the followingand by the special Wm7atH^^ th*motlou> (Gov. i o h n T y W ^ ^ m m ^ ^ f M lI !Dougla« men will agree to any such arrangement, un- less they can have »uch a proportion of the electoral -ticket in the State as will render it probable, in case of11J e > & b $ £ ^THE TIMES!BOBROPTCDALmOHS BEPUD1AIED. "^ candidate beeide, he will be mada the tfairdL nigh-e1* . ',,.;''• ?'•• '"•' - • ..• •• '•••••• ' /l !success, that, with the States they expect to carry fortbe »uroe protectionn by. tfte^KJernl GoYeraawnt to the p^&oefnl__ the Electoral College. A '- WhattheDouglasmenreallymeairtoaccomplishby entering into such an arrangement (if theyvmean; any-journal. To these interrogatories Mr. Bell replied by sending alwaya#m^??J ** *"$*?* 2 H M d t S S ^ We1tfVK 2) t"•a.fc.i^.^w'v."^come to the laurels with'whicb tiieyy^hall^wear eve the crowjn.of success. I will have nopart ^r lot in th, rhfciter, and I assure yon here, that but a verf beggar- ly account of^tfre Americans in the State oflNew-York.will,, But suppose that the election is sent to theHouse, let.ussee what Mr. Bells chances arethen..He has one vote, and only one, to start with. He can changes that have taken place in New-York politics depend only upon that one vote. It requires 17. to elect.<m this oc ^Prederictoi park, a br House com the Prince ashortvid inhabitanti halfmast, Friday, oa himstlf fro tqxnm'XO N/wIH emba EdwardV ,\From Our <tm Hi IliiMW^^ l^W,YOKKIKSBGY7TEJBUNE, TOTRSML;;ATOIST m Ifrom this they bave nothing to gain, but necessarily and Douglas's one be given to Bell,- that willlanguage.:to wit: '...v elect him. But it is said that the Douglas State much to lose. They do not pretend that there i8 anyto the formation of our p r e S % ^ I * $ ^ *•' ,•' «•';r..- i_••', 1..,is opposition to the Adminis'-ration of James Bn- are known to weaken parties that form them, and the What 18 most reasonable ? Will the mountain go toTbe Hon. Ge >rge R. Babcock of Buffklo, late State the idea (hat a handful, or any number of inhabitants, in a Torri. t^S^uTheV^tates", has " » S - i S j W ^ y ^ g j g j °^. •.- • • . the invinit•ilmrfm We had now, however, arrivedat a period Douglas men know that they would be demoralized bywhen something more than local or State affairs were such a coalition. They could not demonstra"e theirX2XXZI* fNo doubt ex-President Tjler does sustain Brecldnridge and Lane most decidedly, and heartily, b u t S pewer to enjoy his right of property in slaves. We were not has not said BOpublicly, that I am aware of, in aavSome^> last evemnat »take. A change iu the National Administration strength by it, because it would not be definitelyhad become absolutely necessary. The best evidence known. The Bell strength would be exaggerated by obsimacy as thatjuror did, whose reason for the dis-close personal friend and supporter of Fillmore, is ttomping Western New- Fork in support of Lincoln.prepared to tavotte aid set aside the previously established pra>•v.••,>.•Talley, 6 Island. <;t scientific ex svlateewbic of tb» beanetic vaiuH Beche to \c Wasbroag! ferrftoHu hagrtement of the jury of which he was one, was bo- of this was that all parties said so. He felt some re- t&eopponents of the Douglas men to their disparage- cause there were eleven"obstinate fellows who would7KOBKET T7LE2. ' 7!' i ' : * >'mmirrr !«rFOJATICAJL B^TELEI&ENCE,strength of each candidate in the House" is thus esti-merciat, Preeident of the .Fillmore State\..Committee,: andtillveryrecentlymemberof Mr.Crittenden'sNational Union ; Committee, now supports Lincoln,suchamovementcanavailthemnothing. Coalitions mustgoforLincolnandelecthim,to"prevent",the. Tennessee. * * * Inthatcontest,incommonwith iesentiments tested over a meeting in this saine hall, not long since, election of Gen. :Laue. What is most probable? Controller in 1857, now supports Lincoln. the South generally, they [the people of Ten» eisee] repudiated entertained by a very large p S r S o r S . l l S S wthey confidently expect, in the event of the electioa«ame,; made a part of his answer to my letter, I ftnd for stating tbat W§M£s$&i&that in a Speech made by him on the 24th and 25th of tercst. beyond m TM tinridge» and Douglas, a combination-can be made inthe House that will elest Mr. Douglas. . On any other President; Nothing is to be counted on from thebasis I do*not believethat the Douglas men will unite ever been an able advocate of Whig and Americangoing to the House that Gren. Lane will be the next with all tbe influence of Tlie Commercial, which hag SPEECH OP THE HON. G. R. BABCOCK, with the Bell men informing an electoral ticket. Aside four equally- divided States. If Lincoln's fifteen •principles.;' Ki$ QW-i'^D«ttw«d at BnffsJo, August 4,1860.Mr. Babcock said he bad taJkeu a part a year or twosee in the St. James Hall Union movement in oppo-sition to the so called Democracy. He had also pre- event. A s a mere demonstration of politisal strength, 16 must go over tp Bell to elect him, or the Bell State porter of Fillmore, and the American candidate for it was distinctly brought forward as an issue, before the people of jr., whose opinions indicate, perhaoe tiU *!»•« -^ *'•••••The Hon. N. S. Benton, appointed Canal Auditor byhope for the success of then- candidate in any other will votefor Lincoln. This gives him 16. Now, this the American State officers in 1856, an earnest sup- honorable and dirtinguisbed Senator from Michigan IGen. CassJ, A letterpr speech of < ^ J ^ ^ & Q S Z ^ t•the prophet ? or will the prophet go to the mountain ? Or will the Bell State take the ground, and excuse itstoiy of the United States, shouldhave the power granted to them Senator, a leading Old-Line Whig and American, a by Congress of regelating their doraesticinstitations. and at their discretion to deny to the citizen of one section of the Union the•.? 'gret at the idea of parting with his old American ment, while they would, be subjected to the reproachfriends, but his duty called upon him to act for the best of uniting with men betwixt whom and them there are not agree with him ? Is it likely that fifteen or sixteen for Governor in 1854, supporter of Fillmore in 1856, result from such a course. We thought that if a Territorial Leg- ! YOHM, very wpectfnlly,no political affinities whatever. The Douglas men he should give his support to Abraham Lincoln. [Loud have less political sagacity than I give them credit for,States will yield their' opinions and prejudices to one ?No, it is not probable—hardly possible. Human nature now supports Lincoln.islature should, in one or two years, establish or abolish Slavery,the agitation of the question of Slavery would still go on. We, Philadelphia, Aug. 7, i860. ' in Tennewee, at that time believed w« were advocating princi-interests of his country, and in obedience to that callapplause.) Some of bos friends-—he did not knew how ifthey enter into such aba- gain for any other object is made of sterner stuff. We nave but to look within Gen. G. A. Scroggg, P resident of the Ameijcan ples and doctrines oil this subject approved in all the Southernmanj—differed with him in this respect and wo aid than such as I first suggested. And I need not add, I our breasts to be conscious of the fallacy of such, a sup- State Council candidate for Lieut Governor, on the States. The piiucip'e then contended tor was that the people of THE VISIT OP THE PRINCE OF WALES.presume, that I do not believe .thatthere are any Amer- position. Would fifteen or sixteen of you Americans a Territory, when they came to form their State Constitution, support Messrs. Bell and Everett. This he regarded yield the election of the most insignificant officer to one Amencan ticket with Ullmann in 1854, a supporter of and then only, were qualified to establish their domestic ixurtltu as out another way of supportingJEr. Douglas. This icans, at least, who are willing to be used for the at- Republican or Democrat ? You certainly would not. Fillmore in 1856,.delegate to the Convention that nom- tions.' '' '•••'.; . ' '.he Oix. Babcock) could not do. He would not regret tainment of such an object. V j .. -Much less would you yield the. election of so high a inated Bell and Everett, delegate to the late State Con- " On the 5th day of June,, 1850, Mr, Berrien of to tee Mr. Bell chosen President, but he could see no In the next' place, supposing there is such a combi- functionary as a President of the United States, under Georgia offeredin* the Senate of the United States thehope for him. The contest was clearty between Ianr nation made on an electoial ticket, does any man who similar circumstances. Then would fifteen or sixteen vention at which Hunt; Duer, and Brooks, proclaimed following amendment to the Compromise measures,torn and Douglas in this State, 'and while he admired can see an inch before his nose, believe it can succeed ? American States yield to the caprice of one Republican the Douglas coalition, now supports Lincoln. * then under consideration:the pluck of the latter, ft was enough for him to know Certainly it cannot succeed. The Breckinridge.j>arty or one Democratic State ? They certainly would not. Goldsmith Denniston, late an American Member " •But no law shall be passed Interfering with the primary band of Colonies, are only surpassed by the local jeal- Href. Douglas was the author of the repeal of the Mis- is increasing in strength, and it will continue to in- Can we expect concessions from other men that we disposal of the soil, nor establishing or prohibiting African ousies actively dieplayed in each particular Province. souri Compromise, which had proved a perfect Pando- crease, while there is no gaining to the Donglas ranks, would not make ourselves ? We must regard them as of the Legislature and American candidate for Canal Slavery.' - * . . ,'but on the contrary a constant losing. Sagacious Dem- 4 VMr. Bell voted for the amendment. -[Page 1,134, Competition and fault-finding, say the Colonists, are the being as tenacious of their opinions as we are. But it Cominissioner in 1857, a warm eupporter of Fillmore in' .. : . . .ja's box of evil to the country. No true friend ofHenry Clay should ever forgive han for this act. Y et ocrats begin to see that the Breckinridge party is des- is said the Republicans will noo dare take the rsspon-, 1856, now supports Lincoln. ; < Cong. Globe, vol. 21st.-,- >: parents of progress, and as they profess to be a pro- !•• ' .•gave me a taking g/^x the city fo Leaving h< down s w» has ever i>e< dned Ran v<and a little alone its the oakfl ua< -to shut < .•«water-cnirl, many a JCJ seat w);< i: wondroiifl as are all stUi very piThe moe Was the a- one m«»mb« this morni getting tar accountR to succeeded Among tne who wfre dreWB cf peted io tbsrapbical ihelforth ing tbar,tioni«m Hi said inMr. Douglas had the impudence to appeal to the friends tined tojbe'the dominant Democratic party of the«f that illustrious statesmen for their support. The country, and that the man who wishes to identify his ability of Sutl'ering an election to fail in the House, in Shepherd Knapp, a distinguished Old-Line Whigwhole life of Henry Clay was one completerecord political fortunes with Democracy, must give in his view of the election of Gen. Lane in the Senate. This of this city, and a supporter of Fillmore in 1856, now" Here, then, i? an answer to my first question, gressive people, tbey compete with moderation, and find .' •• • which is fu;L distinct,-and emphatic. •.•>.-. •>•.'."Qn tbe 11th day of December, 1838, Mr. Atherton fault with zeaL Their little struggles being always . of New-Hamphire offered the following resolution in conducted upon principles of Acadian simplicity, and >. .•-•••against the policy advocated by Mr. Douglas, and adhesion to the Breckinridgedynasty. If 1 were about is assuming too much. There are men who act fromsupports Lincoln. .James O. Putnam, pate American State Senator, and the eloquent advocate of the principles and'candi-the Bouse, to wit;,;, -.'.:.'\- .. '•:.'*:' Retolved, therefore. That all attempts on the part of the Con-gress to abolish Slavery in the District of Columbia or the Terri-;- with as much gopd-nature as circumstances will justify, >nothing but the most bare-faced assurance could everto enter the list as.a mere political adventurer, regard- I conscientious motives sufficiently strong to justify themlees of principle, among the Democracy, I .most cer- :*i^n:*tKhei «pwerxfor,ma>n,cAe «o-Ff «w»hWa*tit>heiry«cAon«ceiifv«et/t»o KbeAaO«prAe. m on fl a.-•have mduced hhn (Douglas) to go about the country . soaking stump-speechee, and endeavoring to*prove thatthey never cease to be infinitely diverting.At tbe present moment the absorbing question ap-Mr. Babcock said be had nothing to say in regard to next election, having sufiered an overwhelming defeat, ty to bave Gen. Lane elected President,.yfhat an over- neighbor of Mr. Fillmore, and the candidate of the confederacy and another, with the views aforesaid, are in viola- pear% to be—who sbaD make the greatest show of lor-••tories, or to prohibit the removal of slaves from State to State, or , Henry Clay and Daniel Webster were Bis supporters. men. The Douglas men must succumb. After the those who disagree with them. If it be such a calami- dates of the American party, the personal friend' and to discriminate between the institutions of one portion of the•'.,<•i ' •. .. •MB. PBISTOXST AKD Gzxf LSMJEN: I am much grati- some time at least, depend mainlyu_ >d to avail" myself of the opportunity afforded me as the seat of its power, and the so through your kind invitation, to meet with you on this The slave power will quickly repaSlave States correct, however remote from the premises. But I of its policy. doubt the correctness of the premises. I do not believeThe annual election of charter officers in this ancient Stales, held in, or introdaced into,.'said Territory. Mr. Davis withstanding its disadvantages, it seems that Frederic- borough was held this day, and resulted in favor also prefaced this proviso with some remayks, declaring bin objecttowns in a '** free discufsion (in the language of the **call) and consultation upon the principles and plat- ** forms of the different parties, and upon toe most ju- **dioonacourse to be adopted in support of a Presiden-•••*tial candidate."Before entering upon such a discussion and consulta- ronage, sis well as the control of the armv, navy, andinridge men, Douglas men, BeUeverett men, and Non- descripts are in the minority, in spite of the efforts of office-holders and office-seekers—the statements in Tlietainly woaW enroll my name among the Breckinridge sent duty,! content to abide the consequences withI -tion'of the Constitution, destructis/e of the fundamental principle they will disperse, and disappear before the ascendiog whelming responsibility a single State would assume American party for sundry important State and local on whicTh *^ ^ Z ^* " ^ p ^ ^ ^ ^ n ^ S ^ lthe motives of those of his old associates who differedwith him in regard to the wisdom of his course, but he dysasty of Breckinridge^ like the morning mist before in suffering!it to be done, when it could prevent it. ItI '*7 and enterpriee in receiving and entertaining the • • r j royal visitor. Halifax is exultant over the success ofits own efforts, and mocks at the assumed supremacy .of St. John; while, on-he other hand, St. John denies "On the 27th day of May, 1&50, Mr. Davis offered the pretensions of Halifax, and frowns up*>n the pre-the risingsun. And such as have any conscientious is plain, 1 think, which would be the :more culpable in carefully studied the character and speeches of Mr. scruples remaining, whereby they are restrained; from a case where sixteen men refused to act with one, orLincoln and' he gave it as his deliberate opinion that approving and advocating Slavery extension, a slave one with sixteen, to prevent what both esteemed an- New-York that supported Fillmore. The number of question.he is one of the ablest, as well as one of the most con- code, and the revival of the slave-trade, will flee to the evil. .. ; •' ?'?•>:' '•,--.':servative statesmen ot the day [applause], and emi- nently worthy of the support of all good men.SPEECH OP GEN, a A. SCROGGS, JtoHrrttmd MAurora, Erf*. County, New-York, August 4.those that support Bell and Everett does not exceed six.SECOND GUN IN CONNECTICUT. Correspondence of The N.Y. Tribune.STONINGTON, July 31, 1860.the following amOndment in the United States Senate to the then pending Compromise measures:" 'Provided, That nothing herein contained shall be construedso as to prevent said, Territorial Legislature from paising such port of New-Brunswick, and Predericton, the seat of I laws as may be necessary for the protection of the right* of the Government, are nevor suffered to subside. Of courseproperty of every kind which may have been or ma» be here-after, conformably to. the Con*titution and laws of the United the odds are all in favor of the larger city, and yet, not-Republican ranks; while those who have no such re-fctraihbg scruples, but are prepared to yield their necksto the yoke, and bow in unconditional obsequiousnessto the stave power, will seek admission into the ranks it fail to elect, then the Senate will be compelled tosumption of Fredericton, in attempting superior demon-choose between Everett and Hamlin, in-which event It is very clear to me that the D jy must, for Mr. Everett would be elected. The conclusion may beof the Southern Democracy.Hamlin. There is no evidence of any such prospect. saore and Donelson in 2856, join with my political The theory of the Pro-Slavery Democracy is plain All the evidence I have been able to gather leads me friends and coadjutors of Aurora and the adjacent audit is politic. It intends to entrench itself in the slave to a different conclusion. I bave no faith in the Slave" On this proviso, Mr. BelTvoted yea, thus asserting,•eeaaion, and, as an American and supporter of Fifl- unite the divided ranks of its friends.e breach, andof ths Republicans ! The meeting was organized bythe appointment of a Republican Moderator and a Re- under oath, the duty of protection, when necessary. publican Clerk. Of the officers chosen a majority are " He has answered, then, vrith remarkable point,ment*, and to have an eye single toward an honest in- offices in their various localities. 'that w e supported men eminently qualified for theIt is argued by some that the doctrine of non-inter- offices, as well as for men who are the first choice of Now, let the truth be .proclaimed^ this "ancient vention concerning Slavery, of which Mr. Douglas is, some, at least, but of course without any'hopes of sue borough," this ancient town, thiB ancient State, are allthe extension of Slavery he says: ' Humanity to the of all, a certain elegance and neatness prevailed,•'«priry concerning the political obligations we owe to our country, and in what way, at thisjuncture,we can ©on»cientiou*ry dfschaige them for its best welfare.slave, not less than justice to the. master, recommendswhich, in many respects, produced a far more agree- able effect than the elaborate displays of the Nova-Soo-It is farther urged in favor of this Coalition that Bell and Everett will carry more States than Breckinridge and Lane,,and that if the election go to the .House andthat Mr. Everett will get the next highest vote to Mr.to be to assert the duty of the Government to protect Slavery.'ton has this time gained a point. The reception at St. John was too hurriedly prepared to be successful. The streets were meagerly adorned with half-finishedimproperly, proclaimed the champion, is to be the neg- cess. . , • *• •While I do not wish to obtrude my own views or ative of the issue, the affirmative of which is interven- , If, on the Other hand we should conclude to act af- sition take due notice thereof and govern themselves what- says Mr. Breckinridge: (I belong to no partynisbings of St. Jobn. - The Prince started for Predericton on Saturday imorning, in tbe steamboat Forest Queen. The pas-opinions upon any one; for his inconsiderate acoui- tion, and that the sentiment of the country is to be firmatively and to a purpose, the way is clear to me..cscenoo, approval or adoption, norstate my conclusions divided thus, on the Slavery quesiion. Without delay- There is a party whose platform,of principles, save one accordingly.as irreversible finalities, I beg leave t>submit for your ing to consider the merits of either -position on this resolution, conforms in all respects, with,my. views as•onsideration and judgment the result of a careful and question, I: maintain that the sentiment of the country to what should be the policy of this country in refer-earnest endeavor, niade, X trust, in a patriotic spirit, is not to be so divided, ^foh-intervention is a ques- ence to the subjects involved And that resolution Iandwith a due regard for my own honor, to determine tion of policy merely, not of law. It is a kind of mid- believe to have been inserted, rather as a matter of Correspondence of The N. Y. Tribune. /Jor myself a course of political action under the pres- dle or neutral ground. It would be a source of congrat- policy for the present, than as a fundamental principle. PHH3SDELPHIA, Aug. 7, 1860.which has for its object the extension of Slavery.' Southern slaveholders, chooSe ye between them.','Respectfully, ANDaEW H. EL DAWSON."ent existing circumstances.That my views upon the questions under considera-ulation and rejoicing, if the whole country would Therefore I am willing to hold my objectionsto it in , In a recent leading article on Pennsylvania, you say we publish above:vrill not be done. The Slavery question cannot now be yen, 1 have no doubt. Whether or not they are eon- regulated by- that policy. The, American party at- suxred in by any of you I have no means <£ "knowing. tempted to occupy a middle, conciliatory ground onspirit in which I suspect it to have been iatroouced.tfonrare widely different from the views of many ofacquiesce in that policy and end the struggle. But thisabeyance, f©r the time being, as well aa to; forgive the that we " will poll over 200,000 votes for Cartin. in: : •fertility, although nowhere sufficiently cultivated, andthe broad meadows and' rich intervale binds, widr ffi unbroken chains of hills beyond, afford a series of the•••..V and votes express his present opinions, and we appeal especially those who have never eeen the Hudson, are . mnumber, of my political friends, as well as many of my But I do know thatthey are honestly entertained, that that perplexing question. It has been all in vain. W e personal friends—friends by whose wisdom I have j*t my judgment they are patriotic, and, as I believe, have Deen cryingpeace, peace, but there is no peace. been instructed, and by whose counsel I have beenhis, for his opinions on the several subjects embracedin the iuterrogatories propounded. Those extracts most deb'ghtful prospects. The ardent inhabitants,aBegianee to give our support to any one of the nomi- other. We all must. The issue between these forces once glowing camp-fires a faithful few still continue tonations for President and Vice-President. The Ameii- 'must be met and passed upon. Then let us, v^hilo in the father. Here ana there a solitary' sentinel is seen' at Should the existing divisions in the Democratic partywhere it should be held." • ,the majority of the male inhabitants wore collected, the remainder having taken possession of several riverparty has not nominated any candidates for vigor of our physical and intellectual strength, enter is post, reminding us that there are yet a few Ameri- still widen and deepen, there can be no serious contest —The American Citizen, a high-spirited journalthose offices, it has not called, neither will it eaU, any this conflict, ana, by determining, end it. It would be cans on guard. And although all is still throughout in either October or November—Lincoln and Curtin published in Canton, Miss., having asked itself the steamboats and stationed themselves at convenient Convention for or take any steps toward making such unmanly to defer it until the infirmities of age shall that-once vast camp, where but lately tlierfeet of near question, " Who caused the split in the Democracy 7" posts of observation near the wharf. The bells rangnominations for our support at the next election. have disqualified us for the service, or to saddle our a million trod, in that camp there yet remains a small would get the State by default. But it, is- more thanThe only National Convention that Americans have posterity with a task which our procrastination shall band, small in numbers but efficient in service, and al- probable that some common rallying point will be put answers that "It was one B. P. Hallett." He killedjoyfully all over the town, the people were prodigal of acclamation, the guns echoed among the hills, and thesteamboat whistles screamed lustily. Just before thetime of landing, an intoxicated gentleman fell into thedock, so there was noend to theexcitements. He wasfished out very much saturated, but not one particle j cooled, so far as enthusiasm went, and was led away • shouting more vehemently than ever, with an air thatI7 'pated in, even as individuals, was the National nave rendered so muchthe more onerous. though impotent in separate action, yet powerful as an upon for the October election, and Foster will poll from Convention which met in Baltimore in May last, Those opposing forces are nothing more and nothing ally. The gorgeous ensign of the Union still floatsnominated Mr. Bell for President and Mr. Everett less than the Slave Power on the one sidey striving from its flag-staff. Without is heard the din and roir 180,000 to 190,000 votes. Col. Curtin's vote will not,Cock-Bobin. *—The Republicans of Dearborn, Mich., raised a fineVice-PresdenU But that was not an American against its opponents on the other side for the ascend- of battle. The striving forces are in view. Drawn in any event, be short of 220,000, and should the Fos- flagstaff last Saturday. Pive hundred people assisted, Convention. It was called by a committee of gentle- ency. This slave power has assumed within the past up in formidable array, on one side, is seen a mighty ter men contest the State earnestly, he will receive not and effective addresses were made.men appointed by a number of Senators, Members of few years most mighty proportions. From a domestic host, on whose banner glares the startling motto— less than 230,000, and may reach reach 240,000. The —The young men of New-Haven have just organized Congress, and others, who met from time to time dar- institution, regulated, by local law, it has plunged to Slavery and Slavery Extension. Among that host vote of November will be little short of 500,000; in- a Republican Union.graphing,. mancer iamea«ure<i. Prof. W.expressing converging was to is These tabicDr. B. A ontheitrtM tion*of'*« which w«i had so vrdi a night to«. data«f trr*Prof. HA results of etlaer H»rl coast of (it peditiou, u •pie whole ContribmkCapt. Hi rfgaroing t irg iht-r; eomprirCKeluding chei the M-tic. o divimoDt. niechanwrnand its pr* J.Iuiciplr ofthroughout - jin HTgvxn^ntXy »n »rgu:u« of tbe ox.Prof. Ili-Mr tlist vi'al t^n all the oih<.' reference to tfThe i>«H'Uoi ' SKCTloNMr. Cimtt Sr-er on tl.leniietry. eense,butthe ent bein^a the chief poo and ju»rt:t * philoeoj/bv,tic*, it WH*XWwell as rnto c of philosophy among whom tended it was of the prop* deals, bach By the terms cognise no o therefore a*: Coighimeet, or politics, ruleoffaith higher IHW -X oonsi*tr>scy v tbe rule ot ft ever eoutrad the evidfiof wisdom a higher law. aiid <oarun*>t necesntty aathe very foundation of our Government, and usurped there may be discerned, by close scrutiny, a band ofthe place of Liberty, the corner-stone on which it was fierce ana treasonable spirits, bearing, as yet but half deed, it will reach that figure faMy, unless the demoral- —A correspondent, writing from .Mohawk, says:One object cf the organization of this new party was spans our Union, and proclaimed itself the key-stone. side may be seen a more mighty host, whose banners, withouta struggle. Should there be a desperate con-*>rthe^ some gentlemen,who styled themselves Old- Verily. " the stone which the builders rejected has be- waving in the breeze, disclose the motto—Slavery Re- Hon. H. E. Spinner and Mr. Holcomb as delegates to Line Whigs, from certain prejudices which they were come the head of the corner." striction—Civil and Religious Liberty. The .conflict is test between the two elections, Lincoln will poll 260,000 the State Convention at Syracuse, on the 22d inst.. mown to entertain against the American party and its I supposed our Revolutionary struggle, which about to begin. Shall this patriot band remain within votes—20,000 more than Breckinridge, Douglas, anding the past Winter at Washington City, forthepnr- poee of taking measures to organize a party under the name of the National Union party.beBpbke conviction of having done rather a good thing erec:ed. It has soared to the summit of the arch which unfurled, the back flag of Disunion. On the other ization of the Democracy gives the State to Lincoln " Our District Convention on Saturday elected the than otherwise.organization. Through the operation of thismove- " caused a throb in every heart that loved Liberty, and its camp, indifferent spectators, and reckless of the Bell combined.Until the boat was brought to her exact position, the Prince stood upon the upp6r deck, with his hands —A correspondent at Eaton, Madison County, clasped before him—his most frequent attitude^—quietlynent, the American party, in the name of which many wrung a reluctant tribute even from discomfited op- issue 1 Or shall it sally forth, and engage as allies on ri us were so justly proud, was set aside and its pression," had been presided over and directed by a the side of justice, philanthropy, and the right ?We polled 198,000 votes for Judge Read in 1858, andWrites as follows:surveying the scene. He was surrounded by his suite)" Alarge and enthusiastic meeting of the T own Clubnational organization abandoned. different genius than the Slave Power would fain per- There was a time when your speaker's voice was gave him 27,000 majority. In 1859 we polled 182,000 was held at the Court-House, in Morrisville, Saturday quite a brilliant group. The Mayor and other manici-, In the outset, it seemed to me that the National suade us. I supposed that when that struggle for Lib- listened to in that camp with some.degree of considera- for Cochran, and gave him 17,000 majority. In 1859 evening, Aug. 4. The meeting was addressed by Gen.Jnion-party movement might be of some efficacy in erty was ended, and our forefathers, with the smell of tion, and his counsel was regarded of some avail in Allegheny gave us but 3,200; Bradford, 2,100; Ches- B. P. Bruce. William E. Lansing, esq., (also of this pal officers awaited them upon the wharf. Ceremony inning the opposition to the Buchanan Democracy the battle-field yet on their garments, laid the founda- doubtful questions; and, whether you will hear, or ter, 1,000; Crawford, 600; Erie, 1,200; Lancaster, county), followed the General The Court-House was was here dispensed with, and the vieitors, on lauding,hroughout the country; consequently I gave itj to a tions of our Government, and reared the superstruc- whether you will forbear, his voice and counsel now filled to overflowing, and hundreds went away greatly were straightway, conducted to their carriages, in 'lentain extent, my feeble cooperation. Bat the pro- ture thereon, which has been esteemed the palladium is, to seize that gorgeous ensign of ours; let it be high ,4,100; Tioga, 900; Warren, 350; and Clinton gave 400 disappointed at' not being able to obtain admission. ttedings of its National Convention at Baltimore, and of man'B rights, meant it for what it seemed, rather advanced; rally around it ail true American hearts; against us; Columbia, 800; Cumberland, 300; Lu- The Hamilton Wide-Awakes, as well as those of sextain subsequent, as well as present proceedings of than for a citadel, of refuge for him who lived and and, in the van of the oppressed against the oppressor, zerne, 1,000; Lycoming, 400; Monroe, 1,400; North- Eaton, were in attendance,.'' armed and equipped,'which they were driven through the principal streetto Government House, the residence 'of the Hon. .boss who assume to shape and direct its course and thrived upon man's wrongs. So you have also sup- let the gathering cry be—God and the Right-^Lincoln K>licy, satisfy me that, at this juncture at least it can- posed. Have we been mistaken 7 If we have, let us and Victory ! . . : '•and making a most brilliant display. Madison County ampton, 1,300, &c. Now Allegheny, Lancaster, and will do her duty at the approaching election, and St.Manners Sutton, Lieutenant-Governor of the Province,A little disorder was caused at the start by tbe impet-uosity of the crowd, which, finding the police forceinsufficient to restrain them, dashed through the lines•••,*inotbeofsny efficiency in settlingorreconcilingthe vesent conflicting n oral and political sentiment which i ereating so much disquiet and^, solicitude throughoutsubmit and endthis strife. Ifwe have>not,letus maintain the integrity of the trust committed to us by our forefathers, and show the world that the allegations of the Slave Power are libels on their memory, as basef mm - i in••• i—i .-I i—... i,ii... .!••Bradford, will give 16,000 majority for Curtin; Craw- ford, Erie, Chester, Tioga, and Warren, will give 4,500 more than last 7ear, while Clinton, Lycoming, Cum-Lawrencemustlookwelltoherhonors. Atourtown meetings last Spring, we onlv lacked seven votes of electing a full Republican Board of Supervisors. The great Republican majority given in this county foro the feet that the/National Union Convention never it of its high pretensions, curbing the range of its anticipated. •*•*ittered a syllable, either by resolution, address, or power, and defining a boundary beyond which it can-•Jherwise, ru any way sgn;fying that it indorsed or not pass: In fact, this Slave Power must be made THE CIGAR STEAMER.—The Baltimore correspond-and Venango, which gave 3.200 against us last year, with increased magnitude for ' Honest Old Abe ' inwill each give us a majority this Fall. We will lose a 1860. I must not omit to mention that tbe DouglasDemocrats held their town caucus in this village the was cleared again. The procession' moved leisurelyFROM EUROPE.—The Kangaroo, from Liverpool on the 25th ult. and Queenstown on the 26th, arrived atand surrounded the carriages so closely as to impede mis land.And here I wish to call the attention of Americans as its assumptions are false and groundless, by shearing this port on Wednesday morning. Her news has been berland, Luzerne, Lehigh, Carbon, Wayne, Wyoming, the gallant Fremont in '56, will again be rolled up their progress awhile. But tbe argument of thiokipproved a single principie or doctrine of the Ameri- subordinate to toleration, rather than suffered to be ent of The Charleston Courier writes:tn party. Neither are its nominees representatives of dominant over all restraint. A Slave Code may I£ "I learn that Thomas Winans, our opulent, enter- from 800 to 1,000 majority, and we can hardly do as took the trouble to ' drop in' just to see how the*» American party. Mr. Bell is a Whig, and never neceseary, but not for the encouragement of Slavery, prising fellow-citizen, is determined to exhibit for a brief well in Montgomery, Berks, and York, as last year, vas anything else but a Whig. When the old Whifir but for. its limitation and regulation within its present period his novel craft, alongside the Great Eastern, although in all we cannot lose 1,000.arty gave up the ghost he, with a great mass of the limits. It must be told plainly and emphatically, so during her anchorage at Annapolis Roads, which will Several attempts have been made by. a few unscru- ppoeition to the Democracy in >he South, were desig- that there may be no misunderstanding sr mistake, that constitute a double attraction. This (cigar) steamer isthing worked, says there were just ten persons present, with hospitable emblazonings, and arrived at Govern- and they were to choose seven delegates. But one of ment House at about the hour of sunset.the best jokes of the evening was, to hear one of their This edifice, which is situated jusi outside the city'sKadersin this placs, and by the way a high military limits, is one of the finest in the Provinoe. It in moreated by the name of Americans. Mr. Everett was within the States where it now exists, it shall remain one of the funniest looking things imaginable. It re- pulous leaders to transfer the whole Bell vote to Fos- ofllcial, abusing the Republicans because your ex Post-commodious, and far more imposing in appearance,ever claimed, nor was he ever considered, anything, undisturbed by any interference from the Free States, sembles somewhat a huge whale with its back out of ter, but it has signally failed. A number of the promi- se, politically, than an old-line Whig. Indeed, from and that all the Constitutional rights and immunities water. Each end comes to a point sharp as a needle. nent men in that movement—-indaed, all who are ic antecedents of both. these gentlemen, an American to which it is legally and justly entitled, shall be faith- It.is designed to plunge through waves, storm and tem- honestly for Bell, will support Curtin; and Messrs;as no right to expect any more conjideration for his fully enforced and preserved; and that beyond this it Eest, goinc under, il neceseary, all save the pilot'secubar political dogmas from them than he has from cannot and will not be sufiered to go. Hazelhurst, Moore, Flanigan, Sanderson, and others ouse, or platform, which is elevated many feet above.master Powler was a Republican." .—The following is a list of the German Republican States at Washington. The drawing-rooms somewhatpapers which bave already hoisted the names of Lin- resemble those of the White House, and the view ofcoln and Hamlin as their standard-bearers in the com- the river from the rear is very hke'that of the Potomac ie other candidates. Until the ascendency of Slavery is permanently es- the upper deck. Mr. Winans is still sanguine, more who were in the front of the straight Fillmore move- ing Presidential contest. Those marked with an as- from the President's grounds. The appearance of the\\r• i t ' M *'A$ ' *Neverthele .•», many Americans and Fillmore men tablished, or its limits emphatically and definitely de- than ever, that his plan of ocean steam navigation will ment in 1856, are now on the Btump for Curtin andow look toward Mr. Bell as their first choice for the fined, there will be no rest from the agitation with be a success. H5 has, on trial trips, made 20 miles per Lincoln.Tesid«Bcy,and indulgethehopethatbysome forta- whichweare nowafflicted; neither canquestionsof hour,and,it is said hasthe full knowledge wisninato chance he maybe elected. By many such it is the greatest moment to our country's welfere receive himself, from private experiments, that his boat can be The Bell vote of this State will not reach 10,000, ''Anzdger des Westens, St. Freie Presse, Indiahapalis, apposed that if the election of President could be any attention whatever, much less that attention which put up to an average of 30. perhaps 35 miles an hour. although 50,000 or more of our voters,would prefer Bell Louis, Terro Haute Zeitung, Torrenowit;neitherhaveIbeenabletofindanyonewhoKW. There may be some who are in the secret,- InJeselam not though I have been very diligent ineking for intelligence about the matter. I have an unnatural alliance. Stealing the livery of HeavenPaul,*Atlas, Milwaukeo,Volksblatt, Baoine, Wis.,*Weoker, Baltimore, Abend Zeitung, Now-York, ^Democrat, New-York.Iino, I may be without the pale of the wire-workers cy with my humble and brief political career, nor as a» •th like causes «1 wehay*a10;""*•*"their importance demands. Then let us meet it man-Demokrat, St. Charles, Mo. Haute, Ind.,So confident is he that the invention will eventually to Lincoln ifthey could elect him. But the only Bell Missouri Post, Kansas City. *Volksbote, EvausvUle. Ind.,irown into the House of Representatives, Mr. Bell'stanee of success there would be the best. And to that fully, but in a spirit of kindness, justice, patriotism, succeed, that, in due time, he proposes to build another organ here—TJte Journal—was openly for the Demo- "Illinois Staats Zeitung, Chi- *Volkibktt, Cincinnati,«1 it is proposed by some to form an electoral ticket ana philanthropy. It may sorely try the strength of vessel, of similar construction, on a much, more ex- cago, Abend Zeitung, Cincinnati, »this State, which- shall receive the united vote of the our Union,, but sooner or later it must endure the test. tensive scale. The one now built has cost him about cratic ticket here last Spring, and is now imitating, in *Stemm—o des V.o„lk>«»,,Ch=i*cu^gJo,, Waochter am Brie, Cleveland,jnericans, Fillmore, and Douglas men, taking it forIf its endurance will not bear the settlement of ques-'Deutsche Zeitung, Peoria, I1L, intelligonzblatt, Sandusky. O., $200,000." an humble way, the Messrs. Brooks of The Express Belleville Zeitung, Belleville, Wochenblatt, Dayton, Onio,TEXAS COAL-BED ON FIRE.—The Navarro Express in transferring the whole' party to Breckinridge or 1=, HI.,' *Fxeie Presse, Philadelphia, Correspondent, Galena, IM., Vaterlands Waechter, Harris-ranted that if Mr. LJncobrdoe* not receive the electo- tions which disturb and distract its harmony, let us, ••U vote of this State, the election will go to the House. know its weakness and suffer the consequences. " I t ';is not pretended, J believe, that any other candidate "is better to dwell in a corner of the house-top than says: Douglas, as may be most desirable. The fusion with Tribune, Quincy, 111., bwg.Pa.,*an Lincoln stands in any serious danger of an electiony the Electoral College. But to return to the subject of a coalition of Ameri-and Mound Prairie, which has been burning slowly tor• IH-, Pottsville, Pa.,Freie Presse, Burlington, Iowa, Liberale Beobacliter, Reading, ment, is within view; and in the suburbs a few largeand productive farms attest the bounty of the soiL YetPredericton can hardlybe said tothrive. The finelandswhichsurroundit,andwhichareevennowsold at the moderate rate of about five doB&r8 aa acre,are mostly left lunused; its college is looked upon asan incumbrance, rather than an advantage; and its population has had hardly any perceptible increase foryears, and is now scarcely more numerous than it wasduring the last generation. ftOn Saturday evening the exuberant feelings of the citizens found expression in the consumption of a huge bonfireandatoxchlightprooesslon, Sunday,ofcourse,x into such an arrangement ? I am sure f do not formation of such a coalition, to most minds ought tothehorsesbrokethroughthecrustofearthwhichcovers' the fire near the edge, and were severely burned before they could get out."Minnesota.StoatsZoitung, St*Volksbltttt.Pittsburgh," with a brawling woman in a wide house."" A coal-bed between Wild Cat Bluff, on the Trinity, the Breckinridge men in New-Jersey, and with the StaataAnzeiger, Spriurfield.lll, Morgenstem, Doylestown, Pa.In the first place, let us examine into the feasibility cans and Fillmore men with the Douglas men. I have a number of years, has, daring the present dry season, made wonderful progress, and ten or twenty acres have f the plan proposed to defeat Mr. Lincoln. said that it could not be formed satisfactorily, and if been burned off, and the fire is still progressing rap-WhoknowsthattheDouglasmenarewillingtoen- formed it couldnotsucceed. Theseobjectionstothe idly. Recently,onagentlemanandladyridingnearit,Douglas men in Georgia, and tbfe open offers of theleaders in New-Y ork to; fuse with anybody that willpay, has produced general confusion and demoraliza-tion in the Bell ranks here, and made thousands take Pionier, New-TJlm, Minn., *Preihettafreuud, Pittsburgh,besatisfactory. Theprobabilitiesofobtainingtheend sought by the means proposed, are entirely too vague and uncertain to excuse what* to me, seems to be suchsideswithLincolnopenly,whileotherthousandswill quietly vote for Lincoln to escape the commercial tendencies of their leaders.dropt-puilersin&w-honorableenterprise,andsome manofhonor,engageinwhatseemstometobesuchiowing ones may shrug their shoulders, look wise, a stupendous piece of political shyBterism. Americans Abolitionists are usually spoken of as synonymous—We have been honored by the following communi- was free from pubtto demonstration. The Cathedr*!,jfbeto. y«t I aamreyoa I dv not believe that thefeatberered."w.7.—-—» ,i i » nVoiks Zeitung, Watertown, Criminal ZoitunK, N. Y.,W,8tard it stated generally, that the Douglas men are to serve the devil in;has been severely rebuked. I do "—A/tlouston, Texas, correspondent of Tlte Cincin- Pennsylvania will be carried for both Curtin and «r, V ~ Telegraph, Buffalo,Effing to enter into a kmd of a copartnership with us not see why stealing the livery of the devil to servenati Commercial says:n As for Douglas, he will not make a show. Indeed,with the exception o,f myself, I don't know that there is another Douglas man in the State. At least I have not met with one, though Jack Hamilton IS said to haveasneakingnotionthatway. DouglasmenandLincoln. Our friends are not relying upon Democratic Wisconsin Demokrat, Manito- *Freie Prosse, Buffalo, woe, Wis., Beobachter, Rochester, .forming anelectoral ticket, but I have not been ablefind any one who could inform me that it was posi- rely so; much keegive me any idea of the amoant of pitalthatwe or they were to have in the concern.Heaven is, is not equally reprehensible.I have reflected much upon this subject of a coalition with the Douglas men, and however others may think of it, I cannot, with a dueregard tea decent consisten-divisions to give them victory; they mean to poll enough of votes to carry the State against any and allcombinations.;,;. — MR.BELLONTHESLAVERY QUESTION.Wu«:chter am Winnebago, Osh* *Freio Blatter, Albany,. kosb, Wis..Madison Zeitung,_, wis,, ,Pionier am Wisconsin, 8auk Freie Zeitung, Newark, N. J., Jr„ C*J-y» 1 Nord Stern, La Crosse, Wis., *MichiganJournal,Detroit, NationalZeitung.Monroe.Mioh.. - • • -Mr. Andrew H. Dawson, chairman of the State*• say. "You are kept in -the dark; you aie not of all considerations of consistency, principle, and' ent, from the fact that a man may openly proclaim Union Committee of Alabama, lately addressed to Mr. cation, which we hasten to lay before our readers:or Fulmore men who can sufficiently divest themselves terms; though there is a diflerenceeven here, is appar-Jwitod with such: important political secrets." It hooorj so ae to emgage in sack an enterprise, arc wel- himself for Douglas without being tarred and Bell a letter asking him the following creations;To *A«Editor of TM N. Y. IVibur*.iSlK; The inclosed parugraph, taken from to day'showever, which the Prince attended, was ^ ^ f " eveiy part by onriouu obiervers, whose avow** object,C. ' w. PENNSYL V ANIA POLITICS.The Mobile Advertiser,' a Bell paper, thus com- sage of the St. Jobn River was not rapid, and gavements on the correspondence between Mr, Bell and abundant opportunity for viewing the scenic charmsMr. Dawson, and the statement of the latter, which which surround this valley. It is a region of great1 mnnicat. d The hw place of rat , of April, to tee. AdopTheKtlowing H*xPrttidtnt-MtasiaunpLVtet.Prtmldt Secretary 1 Treatvrrr— P r m o n r a t IAKOI COWSFoster, jr . < »• itb pow.'tTh*#eHr AsEociaiioisre Vrof.lUbight of: n< zmlee, its v ameter h;JiDr. B. A August an he had but ferent a<cot yet con)fu*n<onc]o»:iort, tions were I about «hc Gould told:apple-tr^- i seven or ••'$ in time witlwas a fo<ji was well m yard, a«d it it-didn't.It was eo a boomerun Mr. J.\S for the m"ik•'Mr. Btll refers Mr. Dawson to specific extracts Uponthat platform I see gathered vastly the greatest October, and at least 225,000 for Lincoln in Novem- from hie speeches in Congress, and to certain votes ofber." .' -;.\- Pennsylvania polled in round numbers 461,000 votesmost consistent and honorable for any one who claims The agitation of this question has increased and spread, profited. There, I have no doubt we all. would find for President in 1856, of which the opposition to to eyery candid man in the South—are they not all that accustomed to pronounce that stream a vastly inferior • . ••to be an American to entertain and adopt for his politi- until it now shakes the whole country from its couter more affinity, .on principle, than in any other political Buchanan cast over 230,000. We were then distracted could be wished ? He is opposed to the Douglas doc-production to their own, but the characteristics of the two rivers are eo widely different that no comparison of any kind can be fairly made.Reaching Frederictonabout 6,o'clock in the evening, the Forest Queen moved slowly alongside the wharf —It has been suggested that a grand national en- arranged for her accommodation, amid welcoming cheers from the entire population, which, for more thanwill be in direct communication with every electionout detaining you with an exposition of my views in striving forces. It is useless to remain neutral unless confidence or respect, politically? and consequently un- district in the State, and fvMj a quarter of a million of gathering would be a unique feature in political cam- and did the Frederictonians credit. A military detach-cal government in the present emergency.That I have maintained an allegiance to the Ameri-to its remotest borders. All other questionsof principle association without the pale of our own. That party with the Fremont and Fillmore divieion, and the per-or goyemmental policy have sunk into insignificance, has already inaugurated some of the reforms whichtrine of Squatter Sovereignty; he declares it the duty of Congress to protect Slavery in the Territories when necessary, and he denies the power of' Congress to abolish Slavery in the District of Columbia, or in the•' •ane it alone has become the issue of a Presidential cam- were principles embraced in our political creed, arid itfidy of some of bur leaders; while the Democracy were united, perfectly organized, and abundantly sup-can party parallel with any man in the land, no one Ithink will presume to dispute. And I here declare my paign. W e extended our lines and bared our breasts has given its sanction to others, which, if carried out,intention to stand by and maintain the principles of in 1856 to meet and quell this agitation. What: has would go a great length toward accomplishingthe aims plied with all the sinews of war. Had not the October Territories. What more can any Southern man want?" * that party, in the reasonable and conservative sense been onr fete ? Our fines have been broken on all Of our political action. On the other hand, the oppo- election been decided against us by7the notorious fraudsin which I always have understood and maintained sides—our ranks,most sorely thinned, and the shattered site of this party repudiates, denounces, and condemns in this city, the opposition vote'would have been' •remnant of our once gallant band is now so hemmed inby the striving forces in the conflict, that it must beground to powder if it continue to remain in its presentWith this general allegation as to my faith and practice untenable position.. What,then,ia to be done ? To me all, individually ana collectively, as Americans, are concerning the principles of the American party, wi kn- our course is plain. W e must choose between these marked by the orthodox Democracy as unworthy ofthem, discarding>aa I likewise always have, both in theory and practice, such of its dogmas M seemed to SM to be unreasonable, impracticable, or intolerant.these reforms, as well as every principle of our politi- cal faith; branding'us, as a party, arid as indiviauals, as intolerant, prescriptive, and radically wrongr*'We10,000 more for President, and the Union electoral ticket would have been chosen.campment of Wide-Awakes be held during the cam-detail touching them, which would be. out of place w e retire and wrap ourselves close in the mantle of in7 fit for any place of pubbc trust. What kind of meta-BOW, I will proceed to the discussion of the subjects difference. Such as have a temperament adapted to morphosis an Americari can subject.himself to, so as to documents will be distributed this month. The organ- which are more immediately within the scope of our such a state of torpitude may congratulate themselves. find any political affinity there, I cannot imagine^ ization of the party will be more thorough and system- investigation at the present time. For my part I do not envy them. X cannot look on Let us take a hasty view of our own party forcespaigns, and tbe blaze of fifty or a hundred thousand ment ornamented the wharf, and the terrace behiudl '. Republican torches concentrated in one m'ghty phalanx was wonderfully gay with throngs of animated youngof lig t would be likely to kindle a corresponding blaze ladies, all. waving handkerchiefs ,and scarfs •in an . of enthusiasm in the hearts of Republicans of the State ecstasy of loyalty. In the fields, a little further back,atic than was ever before attempted against the De- As Americans, we are under no obligations of party indifferently. For myself I must take one side or the and position. Around the smoldering embers of our mocracy.r ,H A «:'.ssdir .*^^.NEW-YORK I N 1856 AND^ 1860.The following are some>•*$&*the most inportant erty.' • ; 7'-.'.' "'-'"./;; •••_•••'• i.^0&nm v ^ ' \ - • • ' •teirjoyinentof;hi*«laveproperty Mthe'owjCTof iny oth'erpxopl 1 ;i misUik-m- ^ k ^ h ^ ^ 3 ^ ^ ^ ^ ° ^ ^ ^ rtf co and doctrines of the Government from 1789 to that time. The Hon. Daniel Ullmann. the American candidate We could see no peace no quiet, no end of agitation, that was tosh»pe.Will you publish this note, and obligeStates voting forlBell and Everett. Those States shame- Republicans. The whole force of Buchananites, Breck- perspicuousness, and power. Let those who doubt his arches, and even the landing place was erowded withStates, and in a Presidential election make a foray into such Northern States as may be doubtful, and by tact and money carry enough to' elect a Democratic Presi- dent. And in this way they intend to hold possession of the National Administration,with its millions of pat-tion, it behooves us all to divest our minds of every treasury of the nation. Its adherents in the North willprejudice and bias that may tend to warp our judge- be rewarded for their loyalty by appointments to the Everett, we ;wpuld have the gratification of knowing nished that sheet,.. at various times," for"years past. glOry to which we have attained as a nation. Upon. •fully deceived us in 1856, and although somewhat dif- ferently circumstanced now, I have no expectation, of any differ"ent result.. ^1attach no importance whatever to the caBe,; which id urged as favorable to Mr. Ever- ett's election.If we should conclude to vote straight for Belland dence from this quarter, essentially false, has been furr does to this much-abused institution the grandear and ably arranged. And in Predericton, the smallest townt* "2. Poet CoogMda»1jx5»»*«itnchj>owet? •.'•'•'. i> ;• '»••:'•''•••- '•v t,-8. Is the owner 0J1 k 0 r r't" J*-fT P* ^ *•»tfw;T«rrfterfe««»tMe41&tto M«*i»r<w*Bfaugin w«iwor whiic^h'pS»S?!^?TM*??*:£3"2?">*£*«}J*'thecollectionof his speeches andthesummary,of his •wwaya been, a conservative unr?fluvS^TMItIi?H??fe*"»-J"f*i«t votes in Congress, just published by the Tennessee and wfflremain so, unless N X S S L ^May, 1854, and which is published in the 29th volume Constitution and U n l S J \ r l ft I S 2 5 S K i - ^ '. . .•"YA« to the principles of "Squatter Sovereignty," I wish far- ther to say tbot. In the late contest between <^en. Taylor and thediction ?{£&E¥&11 £*•-: •»-«_..•.-J» _ , . ," On this occasion Mr. Bell voted yea, which amountsdevbdon to the South read and study his answer, and they can never doubt again." In tbis same record, which he has receatlv had republished, and thereby declared to be his opinions now, I find an elaborate, able, and unanswerable de-workmen burily layio^carpets and constructing plat- forms at the moment that the Prince stepped from his boat. At Halifax, in spite of the habitual lethargy of tbe place, which contrasts peculiarly with the growingExpress to the contrary, notwithstanding. Correspon- fense of the institution of Slavery, attributing, as he activity of St. John, everything was much more favor-Inirbia. ithe policy of diffusion and extension into any new ter-Republican! Will the i' ancient''sinners of the oppo- ritory adapted to his condition.' Upon this subject tian capital, or the ambitious and half completed gar-an hour, bad been assembled upon the green, and scat- In twenty, days from this time the State Committee to be hereafter designated. The Madison (Wis.) Jour- tered discharges of cannon from remote points alongUntitled DocumentSPECTATOR. v ••*Beobachter, Albany,grefcolution parsed the Legislatere^ $?Jl'Jr*S ^ W w W c h M-paign, either in Pennsylvania, or in some otherplacenal, in whichrthe suggestion appears, says, "Such a the shore. The show wae very cleverly put together,, - :little in Westmoreland, where Foster may receive evening of our Club meeting. My informant, who through the town, passing under a few green archesterisk (*) are dailies:*WcttlichePost,St.Louis, DeutscheZeitunir,Adrian,Government Horno accords with the general attract- ivenessofPredericton,which,althoughofinferioruseand limited population, is one of the finest and freshest looking cities in the three Provinces. The streets are • laid out at right angles, the most important being filled with well-built stores, public offices and dwelling- houses, while the others are all lined with cottages, as neat and spruce as thote of any Ne w-Eugknd village.The churches are certainly the most beautiful in New-Brunswick, and nothing in Nova-Scotia can be com- Monroe Dexnokrat, Waterloo. Anierikuntsher Republikanor, pared with thorn. A college, endowed by Govern-"Demokrat, Davenport, Iowa, Pa.,Iowa Staats Zeitung, Dubuque, Freie Presse, Erie, Pa,, „ Iowa. . *Courier,Pittsburgh,Madison,Westliches Volksblatt, St Jo- soph. Mo..,From Our Own CorrespondentHIS ABRIV AL A T FKEDERXCTOtf.'FRK»»»iCTOSr, New-Brunswick. Aug. e, 1&S0. The desperate rivalries which forever agitate thisThe ferr ... .,. took me o{•= . • "wonderful . her nioeteebut once. • ': . ; lively andstrations. Por tbe contests between St. John, the mainwho, in their rich and bright-colored dresses, formedsticks and sharp steel speedily prevailed, and the w a ythan the residence of the President of tbe Unitedw l aI ••,-• .•'.;• •: • •••*,••',sTit- Aru,The Sucdi tirirg Prvri Permarent drew for xh Tice-Pr*eit Adopted.JPfew mPrdf. Ba with tbe C of the I^ab: Thomas M. Tryniski 309 South 4th Street Fulton New York 13069,'''Mwww.fultonhistory.comsasSsssBMSn,. .>—u«m$ftm ••,-•'.»-~•••i — •' - — _^'...' .••