 /**daughter, born with a caul aad gift of foresight, te!U ho% soonandoftenyouwjUmarry,andmaarevents,evenrow vetry thoughts! *Fee 28 cents ."unarothers stopoopjlag my adcnt board, for single gentleman, at 510 Fourth avenue. Referencfsexchangedv..NEW YORK HERALD*.en NapoleonI.madeadreadfuldraughtontbe saleliketoeabove. Acatalogueooghttoharebeenpub- Urbed several months before it took place, ao as to bara will go from there to Gaeta. At Naples, st tbe dsteo' both la physique ano intellect—when he slaughtered near- been dVtributed all over Europe • ^ . - ^ " j " * * .SEPTEMBER•wOili , . . — — aw*! •BOARlJISGA*TM LODGING.SPLENDID SC1T OF RCH/1* %0 LET-WITH PRT- A vate table; also a few watte Bo ms toraeotbrmen, with or wlthmit board, at 1,111 Broadway. betwtwW Twenty-fifth snd Twenty sixth streets, near Fifth Avenue Hole- -FINE "BACK BOOM. WITH OA8, PANTET ANI> A bath adjoining, on second foor, to let, furnished or unfur- nished; also, a front Boom, on third floor. Gentlemen seeking quiet, comfortable bornee for the winter, can sacure them byReVlM 90% Fourth and Thirtieth streets aad Fourthrevel tor CM are bets* concentrated.I* •» aaid the £*«»*OABDW ANTED^INAPRIV ATEFAMILYPREFNFURMSHEDtb» df snatch ta Uw Me*****, **» aatborttiet constilutsd by ibe KtJ-i rnMiwli^rtiw. Tae King will have two boras to b» dlteewaewhen the tune for hta forced departure arrives. He bad received an inviution from frixcK Joseph, of Aufctria. to ctme to View.* whan tear- tug Naples; be has now received one from Queen IaaboUa,sf Byeta, to — t o Madrid hja faturs residence. Which m- vitattoa will be accept?General Lemorlciere Is getting ready, for a brush with Garibaldi, and yon any expect to hear that ha Ban attacked the liberator's fnroM In yonr next despatches Should be do no, I hare reaaon to be- lieve that the Sardinian fovernment will at open inter fan, and It then remains to ho teen what action Austriathe atrk, tbe lame, the stunt aad tbe miserable at home toi•irj>up the stack A one looking man here, of 1ve feetten, i* a ill iking tlguie; one of six feet a rarity, one ofDrassta-her, Jtt Wastwtilseanme.taat reasons for making an attack npon Garibaldi. Thay ere as tallows—Shooid Garibaldi ancooe' in driving Francis II. frost Nages, as Insurrection wc a aprtng up in Dsla-Uta and Crcatia. In Bosnia and Herzegovina one would then be imminent, supported by Sorvin. The Wal- Inchians, we are assured, nave aa understanding npon thesubject witfi the Hungarians, and wa are told that thay openly apeak of Klapka with enthusiasm. General Gari- baldi baa several Greek officers in bia service who wouldated Rooms and rood Board, withta (Ira mtnutat' walk ofeh her Wall sweet or Fultoa ferry, ean be had by early ap-plieatlon at 147 Hicks street * 20 U1TIYKB. .TV PLACE-FUBNISHED EOOMfi TOIt ban leaked out that she haa moat tmporA person, on whose discretion and dlserimiaaiioa I can count, assures me that in Prus«r from whence he haa just returned, a feeling of alarm and irri-tation against Prance is universal, and that were the lat- ter to interfere in Italy aa attack would be made upon toe neb Rhenish frontiers by the Prussians How would »gland tlien act 1 She will join in the coalition against . sTrm.ce provided Rossta does, else ahe will remain quiet, i For sbe well knows that France and Russia combined keep the rest of Europe in subjection. Rcnala, aa I »w from tbe beat authority, will not join nay coalitlm nt •maotfc Napoleon 111 has, with his usutl ability, provided *gainst that. You may dtpend upon the cor- rectness of my information aa regards this most Impor-two parties have a frightful history, atlor nn * one of those bad examples incident to tbe artificial society of England, where some are bora to wealth, power and position, and otten without strength of character to steer clear of the chasms that are placed BOthickly before the " favored classes." Let us not craw the veil further.Among ali there gaeiiies of tbe day there are many true womanly hearts, and some few—very few—fair spe- cimens of manhood. At tbe balls any gentleman asks any lady to dance without an introduction, all standing on an eqatlity. There ia a keeper of a hardware shop dancing with a very aristocratic looking lady, one of bis beat customers, and here ia a barber who has for a part- ner a niece of a due. Say what they will of republics, tbe French revolutions have left In the empire a great so- cial equality, score so, by far, than we and in Koglaud orof nil I boue that tranqutility will soon be restored. I must nevertheless confess that all t have done must be considered as falliog abort of what I could have wished. My only object wss the preservation of life and property, but the raging flames consumed all that the hand* of my men could not reach, which it a source ot the deepest re- gret to me. At present things are quiet bare. People are waiting an opportunity to etw .rate, for want or lodging. In tbe meantime a sufficient security Is being afbrdet. Retribution csnnot surely be far off, for the Imperlaljustioe on every account calls for it, as by It alone can the empire be maintained and consolidated. Procrastination, bow- ever, should not be allowed to delude the masses. I hope you will tavor me always with your news. I beg you will accept my heartfelt thanks, favoring mo with what- ever I can do for you I pray tbe Almighty to preserve and guard you. Your sincere and devoted friend,ABOELKADER,smorMelaEldeen.(L.Si. Dan-Ascrs, 28 Mohurrum,id,2n (August 10, I860).T h e D s t r i e n ( , a n a l .tO THE EDITOR OF THE ILLTJSTBATSD LONDOM NEWS.KEWTOWS JOKBSS, LosGroKD. Ireland, \ August 29,1881 JI observe in your parliamentary report for last Thurs day tbat Lord Palmerstou, in answer to a question on the subiect by Mr. Brady, replied tbat there was no political difficulty 'whatever to tbe execution of a canal across thecheap to a good tenant of Bedford atreetCa.l at 12S Christopher street, cornerBOARD ON BBOOKLYN HEIGHTS - A GENTLEMAN and wife and two or three aiagle ger.tl.men ean be accom- modated with Board and pleasant Soorris. in a small familv, at 18 Willow street, Brooklyn Heights, between Fulton snd wall streetferries-BROOKIYN HEIGHTS—A CHOICE OF ROOMS TO let, wi h Bonru, auttable for a family o' gentlemen; tbe holies' is pleasantly located, having beea newlv painted, and will be newlv furnished throughout. Referent, ea exchanged, .apply at 87 Henry street.OARDING HOU8EKEKPER8—NnTIOE.-FUBNrrUREto let. with Board, rurntatad or nafurrd-hed: alao Rooms ta the fourth aUry, for yotm- men; heme first clam; references exchanged.i n n BLEECKER 8TR.RT. NEAR KACDOUGAL- XO£i BandKMnely furnished Rooms, suitable for faalUsa andsirglegettlemeo,tolet,withfull**-_. ISBSllnaiibisssai. with %;Fthe couveaienoea of a hotel and the cxnforis of a home. Dinner at 6.210 BUI, NEAR SPRING 8TRE-T-MARI0I Hooae.—Nicely fOrniahed Apartmeota, wSh bnan sal nto-stta arrans-d tor SfpsM-tasI honaekfor s-agle gentiems-. Meals fn-alsbofi tfi in rooms. Rent low to reapectable taaanta.EAST TENTH STREET—TWO OB THEEB RTf-tant fact.A few days since the Minister of War here went America An amusing anecdote ta related of a proudAWIDOW LADY, HAVING MORE BOOM THAN SHE requires,wouldletoneRoomonthaii'atfloor,andone Room and two Bedrooma on the second floor, furnished; hotat d eold water, gas, grates; ta a geateel, quiet house. Can give the bigbeat reference as to respectability For further particulars b quire at 275 West Twenty third street.A GENTLEMAN AND WIPE, DESIRING A QUIET genteel home, can be accomm.ida'er' wtthb Pari r a»d Bedroom, and private tabl« or provide their own table if they wish. Also Booms for geatlemea. Apply at 37 East Twenty-seventh street, near Madison avenue.A BUTT OF HANDSOMELT FURNISHED APART- menu, suitable for two gentlemen and wivea, or a party of single «entlemen, witb Board in a select family; situation pleasant, convestent and terms moderate; reference required.Apply at U3 l extnrton avenue, corner of Twenty-ninth atreettreated with lrberally. giving your address.ting Booms, with Betrooea attached, suitable for a gentlemanaad wtfoor two ewitb^tells*^ impe**. menu, rricegand$10aweek,taolu.'.fngfirsandUghtatoSavoytomeettbeEmperorinhistriumphalmarch Eegtirhgirlwhodeclineddancingwithanofficerofthethrough that new province, to arrange pinna with binMajesty whereby _S0,CO0 troops might be transported in Dieppe. She declined, aa aha bad «• not the honor of ansuitable for gentlemen snd vm r - or eingle gentlemen;also a pleasant bail Bedroom The house has nil the modernimprovements. Apply at 407 Fourth street References ex- _ U O and Second avenne.—Two baadwmrty fitrnbhnfBritish army, who waa stopping for some weettt here at ten cays to say part of the French empire This looks introduction." He watched her movements, and aeoni n r FOURTH STREET, BETWEEN BB04DWAT•a* lLCUS for Prussia, and is the result of the Emperor's *«*r that Austria will force him to interfere In Italy. The ) OCOtroops are to keep tbe Rhenish frontiers safely inperceived her dancing with a very smart appearing Frenchman, whom be recognised as bis grocer—'.be mau that sold him tea, sugar, candles, Arc. At a pause in the quadrille the discomfited Briton went up to the bovUqvtiire, and speaking very plainly, so bis partner could hear him, begged bim to send him some of the tea, candles andchanged.ESIRABLE HOME FOR THE WINTlcR -FURNISHED D Apartments, with or without Board, from S3 tefi, ta a fine three store high stoop house, with modern imorovsmanta, well located in South Brooklyn. Ave minutes' walk from the ferry; a handsome suit of Booms, caesiiting of back parlor, e.u-nsion, tea I-OOUL, dressing room aud small bedroom, with Brussels carpet on all, to Tel. to a respectable eoupb* or two gnntlemeB. wtta Board, at »lo pur week for both. References given and required Address B. W., Herald office.ELEGANTLY FURNIKHED PARLOR AND BEDROOM, also a single Room for a gentleman, with or without par- tial boned House in firat class location, with g.i*. bath. Ac. N a. 48 Twentieth street, between Fourth avenue aad Broadway.EAST BBOADWAY, NO. 228.-A GENTLEMAN AND wife, or two single gentlemen, tan obtain famished Looms and Board, at 228 East Broad —ay. House furnished,anua of Bocasa, en first and teaaad floors; alao faaads-_s Roows for aiagle gentlemen to let, with Board. Dinner si f ofotoch. _^rrarr BBOADWAY-EUBOPEAN HOUSE-APAET- | O l n»ntata«-tta,foTfa»nies, and stagta «oo_u*ar ssV tlesaen are now rsady for the wtotar season. Taata d'hote n six o'clock. Bestanrant altached Freaeh aa.* Spaaiia ma-&59 BROADWAY -TO LET, A VERT DESIRABLE seeond floor, is pan! repair, suitable for '•tab or family. A moat eligible locauon. japply from $ ts I A. M.. to Pref. D. LEOROIX on the preaweaH O T E L S . COI ATLANMC HOUSE,This elegant sad eapaetons estabUshmeat, after a BVWsas> searful aeasoa, will eontmne open antfi Monday, I rnu-Oa nunWTLLXAM NEWTON. Propr-__.ASTOR PLACE HOTBU BROADWAY, OPPOHTB Astor pace.—This hotel haa been sieaUy enlarges by an addition fronting on MeUaon plaw, affording maav truly e»e»a_t suits of rooms. There is also econeeted whh the hotel a fine carriage bouse and atabte. aanrdurg every faculty for those w-rhtag to keep their estaeliabaaeata. r-rttos w__SngW make arrangements for the winter are desired to cell aad examine tbese apartments. Fami'tea served whh privatetables tf desired. WML L. FISH, Proprietor.TjlORT OEORGE HOTEL, WASHIEOTOE P EIGHTS-A _. new drive, a new road, house located on the extreme rad of Tfnth avenue, tbe direct contrni-rtton of Bloommgdale read, out bsvond High Bridge A fine rarest road through the ss> eludedandsplendidlywoodedridgesattheupperaadoftie1 Preivs, France, 3ept 0,1S60.breadth is divided between flower gardens, shrub- designs, tbe Prince Regent renounces tbe most temptingto Address fia Hudson street, corner Perry. ABEDBOOM BUTT OF ENAMEL.JsD FURNTTrRBberies, grass plots and broad walks. These arethronged with visiters—ladies, gentlemen, children,advantages for ftar of encroaching upon the rights of hta•arses, aad all classes of ha Majesty's lieges. dom ta support of a Power which haa alaays been eitherOn tbe edge of this, and near the water's edge, is the a slippery friend or aa inveterate enemy; but such virtueCrystal Palace, erected for balls, concerts, reading rooms la hardly suited fer this wi*ked world, and I am veryand promenade. It is open to the subscribers of forty much afraid it will not meet with the reward it deserves.fort!S.in all colore of warraated _i.iirufar._-e. A-w Madt.m Wilson ia in posseaaiuo of the celebrated matte charau RINGTON'S war-rooms, Soi Oaaal street, -BpOaUe Wooswr.francs for the season, which gives admission to all the balls,/etes, concerts, &c, and is also open to the public, except on the oceaaiim ol balls, at an admission of half a franc—one dime,labathing,mennavetbemorninghours,andtheladies later ta the forenoon. The bathing costume of the gen- Ueaaea is not many removes from tbe style that wo see tbe African negroes adorned in in tbe pictures illustrating travelson the coastof Guinea ladies, however, take the sea in a style mora worthy of their rank and poeition aa the leading, or at least the " better half" of creation.Bet to see the " swells" you must go in the afternoon and evening. "Men from every dime here makeresort," and women too. There is not that extreme of lashion, •hat vast effort to " cut a splash," sod " eclipse crea- tion," that you sea a Saratoga and Newport. Oi course it is a vary nnpatateable fact, and a very rude statement 1 0 • • * • hi aa American journal, to hint very mildly, that onlymayoungsadcomparativelyanew©mmtry,asamong upwartbaniltae, who have only lately approached the "_••* *•?.* 4 o * • ana those wonderful attempts at flispiay, that super superlative spoken ol In the descrip- ^*?' ,**.** J l ' k J . a a country theatre—"got up ut- tarly regardless of expense or teste." of course %y^ZJ^?!*?i***toAmerica,andulBlltyTbe military manoeuvres which commenced yesterday in the vicinity of the Kreutzlug, about two miles from Berlin, are more Interesting this year than usual, as being the firat that take place after the reorganization of thePrussianarmy. Theywereoriginallyintroducedbywhich are ever certain in their effect. Truly may she be eaT- lti;<-ii H; 83 Firat street, ia a respectable American family. ed a most wonderful woman. Realdetoce \m Al len street, be Terms moderate.tweenHoustonandStanton stroeta, overthebakery. Fa*•«full, for ladles aad gettleraea, 50 centsrequired. store.Addrew for three days A. L , OS Broadway, ta theEaUbllabedtalSaS.NY ONE WHO HAS SUFFICIENT FURNITURE FOSa first claaa houae asd wishes m dtspoae of rjoardlag it out or hv takias a mortgage oa it aad reeeirtas the vaioe by lns'almerts. monthly or quarterly, would uad a porchssw. with the best of city references, by a-Jdrtjting L. M. B., fls raidcflieeEN._MnL_.ED CHaMKER 80ITS OF FCttbTTURE, in all cotors and styles, st wholesale aad retailAt $23 and upwards; also Matt/-**"* and PauiaasesWAKBENWAED m CaaalSkmet Four doom curt af RroadwayFlrRHITUBK BOUGHT FOR READY MONEY.^i fab*valu*givfainresdr money for Fan-tare, C*rptt*. Books, Ac, at 12. Btsth avenue, between Nlnthaad Tenths"wC](]Of)A O_R_TrH_~OF.~NrEiW.~-O-RS—ECONDRANT'Furniture wanted in exchange for had cr.y approved notes and hal good real estate.LA-TON A JONES. Pronert- Kt*barge 57Parkrow.NewYork,room».ST-BA_oTBOAT«ly a million af the finest 01 the men in his wars, and lefthave afforded the owner the advantage of tbe competition ^ t S S S S S Z l , have arisen fron^arto-quar- ters; instead of whjch, only a meagre •"***}***£__e ferrad, by a geatteman, wits. dao< hter ten years old, Baad •ervanta' prlvilefle of waahing; two or three would be wanted; pi ice WO per month. Addrsss G K., Heraidoffiae.six ftct two a prodigy, and one of six feet four or aix a ta tbe Bertta newspapers about a woak ago, and » »giant lis.: General Win (lew Scott been bora in this coun- jailed prospectuses*bVra as yet been circulated. FromBOARD WANTED—BY A GENTLEMAN. WIFE, OHTLD-aad nurse; location between Twenty-third aid Forty fifthstreets andFlfeh, and Eighth avenusa AOdrwa. with rrfi«--« Wsad wifs without ehikUfo. a fumiah#i Boom; if • and full partisulb-as regards location uf Boosts -«<i« with Breakfast.. Apply at Jos. Bchnudt, MHl Union which must be reasfmabtavT. W. B. Herald office fio-taEreokrya. 'OARD WANTEO^IE A SKALt « I V A T E FAIfTt.Y,B by a young married gentleman and Ms wife; aweU far- WARTID-BT A GENTLEMAN AND WIFE. BOAER nithed Raom and Bedroom Is >e.|nired, wtth fuB Board- Loca- in a private family op town, wttb large Boom, and dtassrtry be mould have been a Marshal of France at twenty- this notice, which contains a few pajUsutars, IwUl ex-one, aad Commander in Chief of the army before he was t r a c t - h e most prominent objects. In tha first ptaca calling at 120 oreene street, second door from Prince,t e e t t j five years of age Porter, tbe Kentucky giant— there ta a collection of lea fine engravingi, etchings aniwho to my personal knowledge was seven feet seven wood cuts, amongst which are some by tbe most onto itches to aright—would have been at tha head of the Na- brated mastera. Next to these follow drawings, one ofwhtah ta tarticnlarized s s representing the tree of Cortoz, atTrcubaya,taMexl o.eketebedby Bildebrand. Amana script onto by Humboldt mentions that under tWs treeAPRIVATE FAMILY OF THREE PERSONS, OCCUPY- Ins an English basement bouse in a dea ruble neighbor- hood, would add to then* family two mora persons, either ation n-ust be between Fcorteenth aad Thtrtteth sbieetsand FoerthandShnhav»»ue». Refereuces exchanged. Andreas Trebor, Madison sqnare Post oOiee.BBO ELY*.—FUBWISHED ROOMR TO LET, WITHOUT board, comfortably furtashed. wttb aceam_moagons fora*«»_o'eloe_. Priee aaatarata. State loeatton asd termsTiS.arenaF.L.W., Qetatd»^_ e BOND tTREBT-TO LET, FURNISHED —wltho-t board, togast-MB-Basty.tional Guard—a very Baal among the military prophets ofEurope—and Ben Chant wool! have been the Prefet ofPolice. 1A-tLr.uisNapoleonabolishthe passportsystem, Cortozcollectedhtaretreatingforces,drivenoutofMexl theadvertiserIsmoreforsociabilitythangain, Eothosewhohold oat inducements to emigration, and Invite over some of your fine stalworth feHowa—net forgetting the Heenanseo la tbe Aoese triste. A ooltootton of water color paint-ings of much Interest comprises the likeness of Hum-are in anarch of the above a note address* d to box LW6 Post ogee will meet with attentiono the day—and invite alliances with the Xmt noblesse, boldt, taken by Signora Oogliotti, in 1866, and a psriratt1 D HAMMOND STBEET. NEAR WAVERLEY PLA0E-. 1STTITE Of HANDSOMELY FURNISHED BOOKS ON keeprog house and cooking, to a nrivata house, No. 31 Hicks 1 D Beeoad fioorof a sacd-rahouae tolet, with T 'and be wilt do more for bis country than a I of hut at- torn 11* to import « »e horses, sheep or black cattle Let him think of it. "Blood will tell," and so will muscle an i bone.of tbe venerable philosopher at hia writing desk. " * « » « the lithographs, fifty-tour ta number, a • « » " J * views by Count Schlieffen, and a panorama of the Hitoa- layah Mountains, taken on the spot, snd forming » « r « d« „ Broadway to let to gentlemen; alao sinate rooma Hot Aand eold water, gas, baiha, Aa House first etass jajrrwrv particular. Good attendsnos. Loeatton uu-urpaased, SSS Broadway, between Twelfth and Thirteeota atroeta.___FEW V1BY DE81BABLE BICEI.Y EffBNKHEp A Booms to let to gentlemen with or without partial Board. Ibe bouse contains all modern conveniences. Apply at 573 Fourth atrset, near Lafayette place.atreet, a few mtatttea' walk from the Fubou farryjOAED IN BROOKLYN -FINE. PUCA8AETLY BTTU references eschaairod. Dinner st six o'etoek; <But there are some lovely women here- 8 » that braos tableai ,are the most remarkable. The oil paintings u- of black eyed onea in brilliant Lyons alias. They are ctede portraits of tbe royal family of Prussia, of many the daighters of a French marquis, and the happy dbttngnlsbed authors, statesmen, arttats, kc, and par- mamma ails hero Bear us, watching the dear creatures as ticular ly of Humboldt himself at various periods or hie they much up and down aad receive tbe aimiring life. Tbe photographs and prnotypes also contain many gtanote of tbe gentleman. The madams is wealthy, but the unique specimens of art. Of the works of sculpture, a ) o-mg birds me not to be easily caught Nothing shot t of colossal best of the deceased in marble, by Da rid D'An- a mi'lionaire ar a French nobleman of the old school will gers, deserves especisl untice; there are no casta of it be locked at. Bore ia a Spanish beauty, with the look of extant, and it bas been valned at over 8,000 tialers. a aoten or an empress, with the rosy and brunette com- Then there are medals and or ins of great price, chiefly bined—so favorite a complexion the world over. Thereare two Eagllm women, mother and daughter, and so near Sresents from the late Emperor Nicholas of Russia, atat, whh-utr .*rd. A suit parlors, side mom and ansa.Iocs of malachite, weighing 17), pounds, presented by tier of TaeenaJy. Austria aeea in all this dea a-action most be almost puzzled to know which was the older. Prince Dtmidcff; Humboldt's desk, with his writing ma-eivea and redatredBOARD IN BROOKLYN.—A MARRIED OOUPLE, or two single gentleoma can obtata Board by applying at 65 Hicks street, Brooklyn ~ly.f_rniahed, both roceas fronting Catoe asusra. «_1 bsMt tagsthar or ssgsrstely, aad also other Ennsssthen detach themselves from htm and hasten to the fron- alike, that but for a riper style of beauty one wouldbalai, and show In the violence of their articles that Aus- tria baa determined npon her future course. General La asoriciere has (aeoed a proclamation to his troops, urging rn them to treat with the greatest severtty any townl should rite agnmat the Papal governmect. This, when Brat announced, was treated with disbelief hjr those who know tha General; hut it is hot toe true. The proclamation was made, and Central Larooriciere is determined to sack and pillage those who rebel. Will the Italians, now free, look on with itidinerence if such a course of action la attempt- On? Certainly not, and Sardinia wilt attack the Papalforces the moment they make an effort to comply withfor them, but their great reserve and haughty manaera have driven the butterflies of fashion far away and scat tered the legions of bangers on.House —B-egaatly fiBiiMias stdta of Reams; gaa Oniss and every ooavenleoce for houarkeeping eooooatieacT, ner. ticrdarly cuitabl* for smalt respectable families or single gen Uemen. Rent low topenaaneattacnafiaTheir line forms and healthy complexions send one imagi- terials, be., ss they were left at hta death; a colieetou of7 9TENTH STRFETNEARranrH AVENUE.—certain, unites aba atopa Uaribeidi. do you may judge shewill moat likely attack him aa soon aa ho affordi her theshadow of an excuse for no doing. The Austrian officialtoarnnls nr* oven now arraigning Victor Emanuel "or htaatliuide towards Naples; they say ha onoonrages Gari ravishing beauty. At first all the gentlemen were dying tific tabors and travels_„ Hn«tDoublejjnd rtegle_Ro»m^to let, with Board, to100 diplomas of all poeaible academies, universities and tbe "roast beef of old England" Here are three leaned societies; finally, toe mathematical instrumentsI _ .aWersrttes. Dinner at« o'ekok-nations back across the Channel to the porter and ale andPeruvian girls, the belles of the crowd, and each a moatwhich he made use or personally in his extensive scien-and Third avenue and Urand etreet stages, Board forgentlemen and their wives and single genttoneo, a'ao a few Q O GREENE ST_R_E_ET., A, BOVE SPRTNO, ALSTONLetter from Abd-eL Kader.The following letter (literativ translated from the Ara- There are two elegantly dressed ladies of an unmls bic), so highly characterlattc of the illustrious exUe, hasfloor, with pastry, gas * c , to let, with Board; twoper- sor a 17 House first class; rood table. Also, more Rooms if required, reasonable. No. 143 South Eighth atree-t, oae door west of Sixth street, Williamsburg, only three minutes' walk from sllthe ferries.wivea or a few single, gentlemen canfindpl»istat Roomsand good Board at 159 South Oxford street. Convenient to m EIGHTH STBEET, THREW BOOBS EAJT OFtakably Ki glish sir—albeit, one comes from north of the been written by Abd el Kader to Colonel Churchill, atBeyrout:—After the usual cempjiment«—Begging you to accept the expressions of my great re-attached tf desired, furnished or uafnrnis-ed; aiao a i of other neatly furnished Rooms, with or without 1 rence required-Tweed and the other from the Green Isle. The elder,with the aenalble face and flae figure, dressed in a figuredpoplin, is Miss — , niece Of L >rd ——, an Irish peer.Tbe other, with tbe fire eye aad enthusiastic bearing, ia gard «nd perfect consideration, as weU as of my longingOAED Of E R 0 0 K L Y N - 4 GENTLEKAN AND HISMiss , her protege, a bit of a blue stocking, hut notenough to spoil her." Bee that blase, broken down dandy,wttb tbe bold, dark complexkmed, vulgar looking girl byhis side. He ia Lord C, brother to an English duke, andand affection. I acknowledge your dear and welcome let- ter, which I, your Mend, have perused, offering thanks to the Almighty for the news of your desired preserva- tion. I have, indeed, been flattered by what you haveFURNISHEDLemoricier* a proclamation. What ali this will lees to no she ia of the demi monde, or rather a demi-rep These alluded to, and upon it depends, no doubt, the well beingah'mg in a haadaomely furnished honae within Are mi two gentlemen; troasJfi » Sa 50 per weec.nutea' walk of tbe South t'eirv. ean accommodateone or two in- l f » C BIJttCKEB STREET, OPPOSITE DEPAU BOW.- mates for tbe winter No other hoar-era taken. Apply at 96 JLOO A ha-dsoBse bask Partor aad small astanstan Esem Congress street, four doors from Henry.Oaur D i e p p e C o r r e s p o n d e n c e .fhthicnaUe Continental Watering Placet—Popularity of the bablt of buying of him. "Out, stem', Motuieitr, cer- 1st Loins of Darien, but that, on tbe contrary, the British.LHejpe—lU Advantage!—Appearance end Habit* of the Patrons of European Watering Placet—Their Pastimes, «rV., dc.Ton must not imagine that Newport and Saratoga and CapeMay,anaNiagaraFalls and the White Mountains, absorb all tha visits, ha lie, hops, wooings, flirtations andfollies of the entire creation. Mo, air. - Whatever may he Gold of Baden-Baden and Homo tig, and Heidelberg and Spa and Pfeffors, and tbe Swks Alps and Nice, and Como sad Blamts, for a seaaide "watering plane" Dieppe is thessost charming and most fashionable in all Franoe, if notla all Europe. Tbe font that Dieppe Ilea in almost an ex-sat lino between London and Paris, makes this—with itscontingent railways and steamship Hue—on the shortestand most direct route between the two greatest capitalsin (he world. Directly opposite, on the English coast, Isthat fashionable—once royal, when George IV. was sian army which generally take place .about this seasontbat a canal should be cut across tbat isthmus Hta Lord ship, however, further stated tbat the officer ta charge of the surveying expedition of 1864 gave it as hta opinion tbat the project was impracticableHaving been engaged on the expedition as surgeon or ber Majesty'6 ship ESpiegle, and having on several occa- sions accompanied Commander Parsons, of ber Majesty's surveying ship Scorpion, on his survey, I beg leave to state a fact of which his lordship waa not aware—namely, that after tbe officer ta charge had left for England, in April, 1864, to report on tbe im; racticabillty of tie canal,Commander Parsons discovered and took the beatings of tbe valley, which the engineers had failed to discover, and laid It dna-n In bis chart of Caledonia Bather and Port Ftcessep. published by the Admiralty in September, lS&t, and to be had at sir. Bates", the ohartasller, SI PoultryThe verification of the existence of this valley, the en- trance of which looks towards the northwest end of Lisof New Haven, whence there are dailybetween London, and Paris. The distanceacrossis someeightymiles,andthevoyage six or seven hours, which gives the routes by Dover to Ca- lais, and from Foikstone to Booiougnt., the advantage in a short sea pesaige. But when a more direct railway, cow building, has materially shortened: the distance to Paris,andtastersteamersareputon,Itisanticipated(bat this will be the quickest route between tbe twocapi tela. -The journey ia now performed the entire distance In ton or eleven boars by lover and by Foikstone, and in thirteen to fifteen hours by New Haven and Dieppe, and so long aa we find there are 200,000 travellers annually, with immense and frequent mails, every additional facili- ty, either tn time, distance, comfort or scenery, becomes an object, A new railway ia to be built to Calais, merely to save sixty or eighty minutes only. So far as tbe in- crease of travel ia concerned, toe route by Dieppe has the advantage.In former times, when sa awkward- duel bad taken K" », aad in botn former aad present times, when one's lish creditors are too assiduous in their attentions,Boulogne haa always been a convenient retreat, where shrriffa efttcers could not approach, and-where a sight of the chalky cliffd of old England gave a peculiar signincan- cy to the poet's description—"' lis distance lends enchant- snent to the view." Boulogne, however, has lew rs sources compared to Dieppe—a toon of more than 10.0C0 people—and latter!) this haa become a very fashionable resort, not only to " broken eown dandies out on their travels," but to all of that motley and heterogeneous assemblage that one meets at these places w h e n same make health, and others break ItIn topography Dieppe is charming. Fancy to yourself a long straight sea shore, formed ol a perpendicular and broken clifl or chalk, from one to three hundred feet high, but with a gap in this oUU° about a mile In width, where the land approaches tbe sea in a gentla slope, nearly a Slain, clear to the pebbly beach. On this plain elandsitppe, aad at the eastern portion is toe month of tha river and the harbor and docks. This breadth of nearly « mile of sand aad shingle forms one of tbe most delight- Iml places for sea bathing ta the world, sad the vast num- ber of bathing machine* gives some idea uf the number Of visiters. Dieppe wss not a decidedly fashionable place until a few years since, when it received Imperial patron- age and basked ia tbe smiles of royalty. Napoleon and J b e Empress came bare tor a few days, and their Majesties mere so deUgbteaSmat the Emper.ir gave orders for build- i*g a superb crystal palace facing the beach. I ought to mention that the firat row of boasM facing the water are palatial residences and hotels, and between these and the beach the ground for some two or three hundred yards iaJourney to Warsaw baa been necessarily deferred for s been i<ermitted to guide the exploring party, the result of weekortwo. Tbe Prince Refent will be accompanied the exploring expedition would have been completelyGENTLEMEN AND WIVES OR WINGLE W W — —Pints of Rooms, with goc-« tabta, convenient to ears andstages Apply at 13 Aahlani ptaee, six doors from Greenwioh nrs aad Bedrooaas, having all Utn noOarn •na-eaieoaes, with avenue. Keie-enoe*exchansed.soap early tbe next daj —the same that be hid been intainment," said the polite Frenchman, while Mademoiselle French, and American governments were very desirousblushed to bar temples. A watering place is not the worst locality In the world for study in? character l i r e at Dieppe can be seen some of the strong national traits of the French, as well as some of tbe "outside barbarians."Oaur Berlin Comipondean.BS/UUT, 8ept. 6,18f0. •Covfertnce Ittueen ike Prince Regent and Emperor if Bvttia Postponed till after the Accouchement of the Em preu—TKe Emperor of Austria Expected to Attend—Cornier Reports—Count RecMxrg's Policy—Potitim of Austria and Russia—WUl there be an Alliance?—The Prussian Military System—Prince Frederick Charles— Auction of Bumboldt's Literary, Remains, <fi —Hi.; Col- lection of Pointings, Drawings. Coins, d)c , rfc.FRONT PARLOR AND TWO BEDROOMS, WITH board. ea» beoblained by Single gentlemen or a gentle- man and wife; the houae haa all the modern improvements; references given and required. Apply at 18 Great Jonesstreet.ASINGLE GENTLEMAN, WILLING TO PAY ABOUT S10 per week for a handsome Parlor aad Bedroom, with full or partial Board, may find a pleasant home with a small private family, in a modem bouse, near corner of Twentv-sexmvd street snd Seventh avenue. Address Delta, box I7d Herald offlreA HIGHLY RESPECTABLE FAMILY HAYING leased a very fine first class noose, aad having more room than they require, won d like to have one or two *entl<. men who could appreciate auch with borne comforts. Call at99 Macdougal street, above Bleecker street, soon.A NICE SUIT OF UNFURNISHED BOOMS TO LET. with Board, ta a beanttfnl location up town, srittble for a small genteel family. Also one or two Rooms, fu.-niahed or nofurniahed, suitable for a gentleman and wife. Apply at 124Weal Forty-aecoad street. .A NUMBER OF ROOMS TO LET-SUITABLE FOB famtlte*, with Beard, la an English basement house. Dinneratflo'clock.Referencesrequired.Applyat65WestTwelfth street (late 107), between Fifth and Sixth avenues.ABBANGEMERT8 CAN NOW BE MADE FOB DE- a. airable Rooms, with Board, at 107 Waverley place, nearWashington aquare.A GEN TUBMAN AND WIFE WISH AN UNFUR- nished Boom with Board; lccadm from Thlrtvfifthto Fiftieth atreeta and Fourth to Eiglth avenues; terms mode-rate. Address, for three days, U, Herald officeA GENTLEMAN AND WIFE, OB A COUPLE OF stogie gentlemen, may be accommodated with Board and auitof Rcoma. in a private family; referenses reqnlrsd. In- quire st 113 West Twenty-second street between Sixth andSeventh avenues.A HANDSOMELY VUBNISHED PARLOR AND BED- OLroomtorent,withBoard,forthewinter;alsodesirable Roon- a for single gentlemen, in the firat etass house S3 West Twdfth street, between Fifth and Sixth arenues. Dinner atsis o'clock.A LADY AND GENTLEMAN. OB A FEW SINGLE gentlemen, can be accommodated with Board at No. 30Lais] I a'rei t, opposite St. John's park.APLEASANTLY FURNISHED BOOM, WITH MAE- bie mantel and grate, on the first faor of a house with moderi improvements, to let to one or two gentleman; termsvery reasonable. Apply at IK First avenue, near St. Mark's place.On Saturday last the Prince Regent returned from 03- sardl Islands, in Caledonia Harbor, completely removesFUBNTSHED ROOMS TO LET TO GElfTLEMEN O N L Y . - A front Parlor, with Bedroom attached; alao a froa» Bed- room, all handsomely furnished, with or without partial Board. it/.' tVeat Twenty second street, between Sixth and Seventh avenues.FURNK.HED ROOMS, SINGLE OR EN SUITE. TO LET, to gentlemen only, without board; or two haadaomely furnished Suits, with bedroom, use of kitchen, and everythingcomplete for bouseke*pin_, will be let to a party of gentlemen or small dab. Apply at 19 Fifth avenue.FURNISHED ROOM8 TO L E T . - A FEW VERY DESTR able Dooms handsomely furaiahed. with or without par tin. Board, ean be obtained bj applying at Us Ninth atreet a few doors west of Broadway.tend, to be present at the great manoeuvres of the Prus- of the year.all doubt of the practicability of tbe canal; for, with the exception of about three miles, which are crossed by the Cord illera, ibe rest or the line presents every facility for the excavation of a canal. Now, since the Oordttlera, though appearing aa a backbone, from a distance, to reallyKing—and vastly popular town of Brighton, the brightbeta-tone of the days of Pope and Farqubar, where manyanoldlumberingcoacb-andsixusedtorepair—aweary meetingwiththeEmperorofRussia,whichhadbeen intersected,oppositeCaledoniaBay,byavallef,allIm-Doubts have beenlatelyoxpressedwhether hisso confidently announced some weeks since by the quasi* practicability, or even difficulty, disappears-, and the statement or tbe existence of a valley in that position,FURNISHEDROOKSRENTEDTOGENTLEMANONLY;breakfast can be had if desired The familv is email; the island. Do the entire day'a ride. BBOUGHTONt Frettwo days' journey from London, now reduced to twoboars—and where thousands now go weekly for a few shil-lings, where formerly there were only scores, and whobad to spend bundreda of pounds for every family. Ataw miles east of Brighton is the small town and month. I understand the Empress of Russia is in an in- tested Dr. Culien's original statements, which tad to thelocation central, between two lines of states, Bleecker aad Amity groata Apply at No S AmEy place.George Hotel rivals ta eatertag and all proper comforts, say other road ho-so oa New York Island.HOTEL ST. JULIE-, TOMPKINSTILLE.Btaten Iaiand. on Grant street, a faw minuter" walk front thefirstMa-Bam To let for- the winter, roon-i for la__-aa aadofficial papers, would"actually come oil, It appears, bow- ever, that the proposed interview has not been given up, but only postponed from the beginning to the end of thispublished by Dr. Cuil-n In 1868. as tbe result of his perilous and persevering explorations in 1849,1860,1861 SD<1 1852, is proved to be true.FAMILIES AND SINGLE GENTLEMEN CAN OBTAINhandsome Rooms, weU furaia-ed, with Board, by aarivapplication at 90S Henry street, corner of State street. SouthBrooklyn, two minutes' walk from either Wall street or South Stogie ge-ttaman, wtta naaata as de-Bod.teresting condition; and the Czar being too anxious a organtaattoa of the expedition, and always found them to be strictly accurate, I have no hesitatiwit in repeating the to and from Dieppe, keeping np the husband to leave her till after her accouchement, his opinion 1 long since expressed, that, If Dr Cullen hadferrya,E. ANDKBSON. Proprietor.HOTEL BOARD-THE PROPRIETOR OF ONEOF THE beat loeated hoosea up town destrta* to BBBBrs a ttn-Wd number of permanent tmesis, otic—a elegantly f nratsbad Par-successful. by several of the younger members of his family, who 1WILLIIM HcOKSMOTr.ullBoard,attherateof $12«o$15perweekfjreachparsaa. Table aod attendance first class. Address P. T. R, boi 130 Herald office.BAY HILL HOUSE, COBWEB SIXTH AVENUEhave been invited to assist at a grand batt-u in one of the immense Polish forests, where tfte su ox and the elk are stillpreservedforthedelectationoftberoyalsuccessors of Nlmrod.The Prince's visit, though not without politicali.— ^__GRAMERCY PARK, NO. 80 EAST TWENTYFIRST street. —Handsomely furnished suit of Rooms oa second floor, with private table if desired; also a few very pleasant Booms for single gentlemen. Boarders bars privilege of park. Referencesrequired.significance, may be partly regarded as an act of courtesy S —YOUB NOTE WAS KOr REnETTED UNTIL to the Czar, who came to meet bim last year at Breslau; •fV. •aturday. consequently I did not go to the Museum.iOHS B. BOSTWICK, Proprietor houae is newly furnished and haa all modern Improvement- proprieror ot Jones' Word, is ha ,py to inform hi* fHeadsbat If the Emperor of Austria should join tbe illustrious party it would of course acquire much higher importance. Accounts from Vienna state positively that he has re- ceived a special invitation from Alextnder; that apart- ments are being prepared tor his reception at the chateau of Lazienki, and that he will proceed thither by way of Coburg, where he will pay his re- spects to Queen Victoria, who Is expected there in theWrite again soon. T.FERDIKaKD HOWfMAITN, FSOM BE" KBWIOK (OKS many!, (a hrreiiy requested to make hta wSknowu to lir undersigned, who has received imifor bun. When last beard from, ia ISM, hellviMutli avenue. ». T. Any tnfnrmatioo in regard Eoflmauii will be thansfuily received byK. ROhSMAN-y, 1<0 ttroadwar, np stairs.TF CATHARINE OR HANNAH DRISCOL WTJJL CALL 1 tn Fourth street, they will see their old friend from Ma- deba.TKrol&ATioN V ANT¥D^F~TJA THARINE KINNAL a native of Ktlpeakoo, county Limortak. Ireland. Whenlast beard of she engaged -.•» a domenic, aboct tans* monthsFURNISHEDsecondfloorof a first class house, will be let together orstyle of hopaekeeptng and table unexceptionable.HIGHLY DEEIBABCE ACCOMMODATIONS FOR FAMI- lies can be obtained in afirstclass house after Monday. 2-nh lust; 1'io.er at 6 o'clock; ai 53 84. Marks plana, six doors east of Second avenue.HOEOKEN. -NEAT. LARGE AND 8MALL FURNISHED Rooms, with or without Board, for gentlemen or gentle- man and wife, tn a private family. Apptrat No. 4 Union place. B oomheld street, three minute* walk from the ferryaad the public geaerallj that be has opened <or their rec*ptioo Govern Mr Price's well known restoea-e st Wenhairkea. o. th» Bull's ferry reed, and fire minutes* from the f orty second street ferry. North river, soclnsfag over s'xty acreiof tbe most beautifully wooded land ~a the baaks of the Hudson, its eta-e- bon sfforc-Bg to the vaster a most magnlfiosnVvtsw oi Ike bay, harbor and city of New York. The undersigned alio —worn mends hia choic*i liquors and separs; refreaBments ready at allhonrsof thf da*, the department attended to by stusstfrecourse of this month on a continental tour.band, It is affirmed that the idea of an interview between the two Emperors bas been abandoned, in order not to give umbrege to (outa Napoleon by the abearance of a coalition against bim; but that, nevertheless, the goodOn the otheroffices of Prussia have succeeded in removing the es- ago, from the bou e V tbe &Kt«r« of Ke*r», Hou>tan street,meu. bectlemen wishing Boomi at a m"der»te pries wn_!4 1trangement tbat his so long existed between them, andin eoecting an agreement on all the principal questions ofEuropean policy. In my opinion, matters are not quiteao far advanced as the Austrian organs would lead one to above inetltntlon, or by her s"'.cted uncle, Michael, stoppingbelieve, although it Is certain that, ostensibly at least, tbe Courts of Vienna and St. Petersburg are on much better terms than they have been since the peace of Paris. Count Rechberg follows quite a oiflerent system to that of bia predecessor Buol, and ia inclined to make great concessions to Russia in relation to Oriental affairs, if by so doing he can gain her support against tbe dangers that menace Austria ta the West; bat at present the fortunes of tbe HapsburgK are reduced to so low an ebb tbat It ta extremely problematical whether the shrewd Musco vttos wlli consider the alliance ofsaid power an equivalent for tbe chances held out to them by their connection with France 1should not be surprised if it were found ere long tbat they were only playing off Austria against France, in order to excite the jealousy of the tatter and induce her to carry out, without further delay, the plan of opeiation.s which they are said to 'have agreed on in tbe East. Nothing, on the contrary, can be more disinterested than the policy of Prcscla. Far from entertaining any ambitiouswith Mr. Morton. 101 Math street.I -SBIXTOTICK.-IF LEWIS B. JONES, NEPHEW QW JOHN JJ\ Briadlngton. of Newbern, North Carolinn, will » Mrt-ja a letter to A. B , bos 692 New York Poet office, statin* hta whare- abouta he will be informed of a matter greatly to hJahiiereat.SKAM1N„., WHO WAS ON BOARD THE CR08ADER, whe._n she captured the Bogota, pleaie ctU ot Thos. u Brajn»rd. 81 Wail street.U MR CHARLES OR EORM AN BONER SEND W n hui a a d d r e s s t o t h e I ' a r k P o l e I , N e w C o r k _». D.EARNS..I—ASTEOLUOF.ferencea riven aad required.ONE OR TWO GENTLEMEN CAN BE ACCOMMODATED with a large fmut Room, handsomely fun. shed, gas, grate. Ac., to a private family, without boaTa: afiratu'aaa ree- tau—tnt > fit door; ifiitu tow. For fSs-her pnrticulars ap^ly on the premises, 127 Ninth avenue.NE OR TWO YOUNG MEN, OR REf PEOTABLE LA-1 Ttl THE 8MITBSONIAN HOl'al, Broadway, eorcer of Eoustoa street, cmdnaiert <fi the Br.r9Frederick tbe Cireat, and have been continued ever since, vertlaementa. 184 Ludlow itrnei, below Houston Oeatleme* rather from habit than with any dIBAinct view of practical not admitted.»i ns can be accommodated in the best style, with Board, BrLET-WITH BO ART*. TO A OERTLKMAN AND wife, a large handsomely furnished front Koom. secandutility. On such occasions the troops an- divided into two corps,representinghostilearmUs,whoperformaseriesof operations pretcritted beforehand, in which one party Is victorious and the other defeated. Tnis practice has the Standvantage tbat it accustoms the soldier* to the idea of defeat,andprevtcaatothe campaignor1800it wascar- ried so far that the- troops who were supposed to succumb in tbe mimic conflict bad to capitular sud lay down their arms before the pretended conquerors, which ac- counts for tbe alacrity displayed by the Prussians in sur- rendering after tbe battle of Jena Such pedaattoex- cettea love not teen indulged tn aiocethea; but for all that tbe manoeuvres had degenerated into an affair of routine which contributed very imperfectly towards trans'orming tbe raw recruits who coastline the mats of the Prussian army into efficient soldier*Inspamphletrecentlypublished,theauthorshipof which is attributed to Prince Frederick Caa- le.--, the de-nr,d"?arl<>r and Bedrooms (front), with a small familv; no floor, by a am-11 private family, but few boarder- taken; gaa (VLAIRTOYANCE—MRS. SEYMOUR'S BTEDICAL »t;t>r hoarders taken. Apply at 30Waverley place,'near and bath. No 1 Abingdon sur.are, comer of Baas andJ Clairvoyant Rooms, St.6 Kou*th btreet, two bloohs w«w; of ''.-oadw ay. Bleecker atreeta ^ ^ Broadway. "The moat crltica' medical xnd bunlneae eooauUi-tiona day and evening, and perfect aatiafacuuu g-uaaanteed al- BOARIMNG.-C06 WEST TWENTY-THIRD STBEET, Tways, or no pay taken. 1 O LET-IN A SMALL FRENCH FAMILY. THEh ILZS^&^^JL*^*** ***>•'«*Hacef,isinaEu-fectsofthisandotherpartsorthemilitarysystemaretboi;aa>K<slathisan4otherdtv»wl'hentlrraaUafaajPo''-"**('L.tf.rw|>eafl drawing room, one meets more of the ' quiet," tha pointed out with a frankness to which the public have fteie confident ahe haa aow.ml. M>-> telia the name of f;:'. :•-•*;froLET—TOOENTLEaUWONLY,RnoMR.NEATT.Y 1 furnished with oartial B *rd tf r- : .ib* »rt. Mrs. WILSON,•ver the forehead.•^Tt^J!^!!',?0 tt*» °*» "^tad upon to perform a proa!roa«mcted en the most eoniuhie lermi. MONTBFiORK. EOWAR|pii-"-.*irtee-i_ erreets. Acdresa Karaeat, at Crowen's noo-smre, 699 Brcadway.> atreet, aear the FHMI de arm**, Havana—Ta thta-M- tabtishmrat tha Am«ric" n traveller -.«_.! Sud all toe acrvtnmo- dal*oasof a flit-rare hotel. BpecoU atu»utton is paid to theAND RENEW THE'LB UCENSBS.Wednesday^ I at the sow Baih establlahment. To this last none go m X t o o < , ( t h e:c.-pt those invited by the committee, s t the bead of •bittb ta the Mayor of the toam. Dances are5 DRIVER ,On Tuesday evening is s children's ball, on• concert, and every Saturday evening a very fashionable ; TM -iuT*iLtm a«»*x>M.'i literary and artistic re-1 ,Iera th,S Clty v m b e viempoxtaed on other eraaings of the week, i&&fof D7e«cttcn*It KT*r °^ '>: » of which I witnessed on Sunday evening last. v-en^urir 4 r a W u ? J i * * * « » residence, bvOra-K. fact, a—day is tbe < tyeet day ta tbe week hare, as It • - in Porta, all race*,/,>*< and many concerts lining given • •• that way, AO tha disturbs onon puritanical notions, » be has say, but even t.\• «g has such sa open, light aadneatlv and well furn. hed Ap-rtments, parlor aad bed iT W W•*• _ H ? N r ^ . ? H E 24TH INFT^ ^ ^ t b a l t ^ ^ r u ^ Z ^ to interest itself, so tar, in this valuable to give orders tor purchasing u » ^ ^V> soeeatah*and manner, u at 1 for oneoannotbut draws property was left by tbe deceased to his sMi of It. The KiaTNVIS BETJUES, HO. a PKCE SLIPwfta, for the winter, with front parlor and bedroom oafs.milv, where the comforts of a horoe caa be ncjoved; loot<.rorabts contrast between this tanocent recreation andtnUritw and tbe gloom a d punnhmeat of a Scotch Suniart.we-abssjli.snaiM wal be sow, „ irvant.Se.r ttl f , ^ - ^, BF largest aad choiceat assortment of Advice gratia.terms. H. A., box 3 021 P*at offiaa.OARD WANTFH -FOR THE WINTER. BY A LADYed, and tbe old Ecenie. after being checked by the ItmW— T T ANTBD-BY TWO YOUNG SOOTtrHMEN. BOARD IN mast be preaentod tn the First Marsha) for t ^ ' T i r . * * -No License w_i be reaewed after i*^31a:day^OeB»-^ By the Ma-or. J. O. BUEMHAM, First surnm-6 7lh collect! >n asstorage for furniture."~T. GOULD6MITHSlPORTETf G.rcim a^"jolnlKg. wfih Boarf, la r. raspec»abl« reUgtaasarivate The aamber moat be newly painted on'V ac-'atde^tbe*;Having mjaelf distinctly seen the valley, not havingPbiJPtSOU *JL_ME'AJ»Y OKK WISHINHTOT^m)PT~A~RlKA^TliT^ALE child, one week olo oi Amnierican panrentage canfcc»'of w«at tbay wit by addressing A. B. 0., station E gtvi'ig theiradd rests.Fortieth street.—The above House Its now la ecsaplsta repairforfallandwtatarriBSlnsss Famililesaanadst_avsgi.saper- BOBS returning from the eonntry wtR do well by aua-tag _ theirfirstea-i before eagaris r board. Ta: am ran aanderawitb a man who gave the name of Patrick Ketraa, We«: TMr ty third greet v. no is not to be found in the nei^h'xwbood. Any information coreern'.ag ber will be ^thankfully received at theP R I V A T Edate a few gentlemen with neatly furniaasd Rooms, eitherdo we ! to call at the above honae, 1SG Prince strea.. Maab furnisbed I* desired. mA BONA FIDE ASTROLOGiHT, THA? ENKRT ON* CAB depend on, Is Madam WILSON, who telia theohject or your visit as soon aa you 'enter her room. Madam Wilson la the greatest astrologiRt that ever waa known. She wtl! tnvokcLEASANT WELL FUBNTSHED SUIT OF ROOMS TOthe powers of her wonderful acienoe, and tell all the BWU » otW i l l i I jilijL|iiiii^iJ4iiJ'«,'''ji,iH»^4i,,j!p|«. i..p..»nnn.»Mn« • 'iiluiMikWJgi^.^^irijpwHillHWins*" « .. VflS*i J'L. • • ">• 'WWppilS-epiWil^.JIfp^though they need not fear, for she pracuees nothbur but wb&i »uitabie for a gentleman and wife or single gentlemen. Par- rences respecting the table. Dinner at si.vo'alock. AddressIsracoaoueablsto phitoaophera All should consult this mom ties wishing the same will please apply at 169 Bast Fourteeoth L.. Herald office. fellow sovereigns, and ta willing to imperil his own king wonderful aad mysterious lady. Her advice baa never beer Street. Dinner at 6 P. M. Terms very moderate.ATSTONISHINS.-KADAhHI MORBOW, t»TVENTl!ii m• asi is <m—~•MADAME HARVST C A N INFORM 11KJI MANY friends and tie puWK on al! the event* of life, the •»».-,(, pr-sent aad future, to their entire satiafactlon. Sbof*«i- «":•- Merit ace haa no equal If vou wish the troth give herK call, at No. 3rit> Tenth aveuna, between 'thirty-fourth and Thirty filthstreets. LadleaSBcenta;gentleintiinotadmitted-BOARDING.-LAB.»E AND HANDSOME BOOMS ON tie second and third floor'.-suitable for parlors and bed- rooma. to let. either furnished or uufuralated, with board, to se«.tlemea aad their wives, or to single geatlemea. Unrjuea-ionablele^vcacesgtvea sadrequired. ApplyatMMSee»d »v enue. ____^^_____^______^_^_______________OABDTNG-A SMAIT, FAMILY, OCCUPYING A I h.- .use replete with nw dern ta\movements, would reeelve two geutteni?a who mlgl.t be disposed to pay liberally forr93) West Sixteenth streetMADAM B0ET HAS REMOVED FROM «S AltORNlTSstreet to aiO.Houstou street, opposite Ludlow, over the buiies'hat store. ShH still ermtiDiieii to tell of love, Bta-'riae.-- B absent rriend*. baalaeaa. Do not forget the number, esentiemen not admitted.LET-A FURNISHEDFRONTROOM, ONSBOOND floor, soluble for a lady or gentleman. Call st 113 (latenot been accustomed In this country, and the French mi- wife or busbaud, alao that of b^i visiter. If yojwiah the BHOAHWAY STORE TO LET—RENT LOW. NO. 0X, 413 Fourth avenue, earner Thirty flrrt street leatrauce oa Thir- and startling that ao often dasslea'tbe eye 'einnns^vour litary camp proposed as a model for imitation. In France truth give her a call, at 241 Third avenue. abi.ve TfJ*nty nrsi ty -rtrstataset).•• upper ton ' ^ t a the whirl of whalebone a n d * ^ " cat of steal, there is not that tremendous pwiphary that ««e sees every day tn New York. Barege dresses aeemto prcdominato over otter fabrics, a favorite color betas; a wrtofgmyor "as" dst* figure to a light ground, made with flocnoes, and trimmed with the new and nmeJash- i uabre color, grcteOe. This is a brighter and more sirik- tag color than mauve, being a nearer approach to a scarlet. •X coarse your city readers know all abou; it, but they vrtil s e t ta all places whore the HXRALD circulates. Blue -•k.tor frames, is considerably worn,and white silk • nawta. I notice, also, quite a ssrInkling of Irish poplins— i ha tartan aad the shamrorb patterns being the favorites. t n e fait bonnets are decidedly la advance of their 4 ash tisanes, approaching tha face so near as to almoststreet. Ladles 80 cents. genUetu&n £1.beiow B'V-'tori atreet. a first claea t w o . with two bvge• ' • •- gisas Bt>f" wiadowx aud rolling iron shutters. Rent low. r Ai. vly oa tte pi-emlses. rr a*. 15 Nassau street, room 12. iTyOARD DOWN TOWN —NO. 8 BROADWAY. OPPOSITEthe e n Euiwes t»f every corps are left to the dhcretion ofIts commander, and are directed against an imaginaryenemy or a snppc#ititlous fortress or else aome former bat-tie, ta which victory waa decU'^i for the F— <-h arms, F*e>ur Rid Procaines On* hjndred t*e-.-.*«ti<i em ta acted over again, so that the soldiers are : ^.iliarized sold every week, st auetion p-:ees. TH(>M*S R.LET-TO A GENTLEMAN*, A FURNISHED BSD room, on third *lo-r, No. 3 Seventh avenue.THR GM*«!TR8T WONDER IN THE* WO R gale*, harialna at the Oreat ''anton Wv an^ s>i"i t!-e tmmenite stl,:,; o' T>--i«. Wi.,csA? Bov, ii»jif <»re«ti. S.ng'.e gentlemen or families, either TO LET- FOR THE WINTER. IN A PRIVATE FAwTLY,permanent or transient, caa be accommodated. It ishithe immediate rtciait; f Matec IsUnii aad Soulh ferries aud s'ags routes. _____________________________________BOARD W ANTSD-yOS A MIDDLE AGED SINGLE lad-, In :. private bowdtaz noose in 'he ap*>er part of the cltv: rtfersace^ exrhar^ed. Acdresa W., Madison square post o5.ee. • 'l|Seaa5res and Parcels of all a*nencni!ViB fnrwarlei bv ever?******* to ali others. It may not be anus to meat ion, BOARB WANTED-BY A FAMILY OF EIGHT PER-2"°;*h»* °*a»i the Prosslan princes Frederick Citarks is t11 averydesirablefrontRoom,funrabed »l'hs"-*.closewand gaa suitable for two gent eruen. Terms moderate. Ap- ply at or address 188 Henry street.r l.ET-THE FOURTH FLOOR OF NO. SOT EAST Thlrtv -fourth street to one or two sn»«i. geateel families, roataina si. rrK-mr, wardrobes, water in two pantriea. Bfot foandSS, or $U the iio-w. Also the fiont o a t of the ThirdFloor of b o 309. Beat $6 60. Apply at _!_ _i rtag r~-eet.with ootqut-st, and all anticipation of diaaater is carefully exoiuded. I am cot aware whether this prlaclple will be followed st tbe present manceuvrea: but it is something Jhat tbe military authorities of Prussia admit the posei btllty of improvement, sad cease to indulge In th« un- wnnsfetod assumption that the organization of their armyBshif)r«u>nvi-ieh »»d ri> Murrav stre^tH.» i i X P i t K - ; s i ; ; i .A*tRBICAN, KtTROPEAN AND WEST JQk, preea, Noa. 4 and « Brouia^v,M Or.e door frorr. Wai..Ckanmhtee to bo punctueLJOHN T HENRY.JO^NH BrlAlrj;" g ! * * * » * P «T*et of actual hostilitiesbnasht b i ^ l l i » ! 4 ^ library; which has beenO FtlRSONS ABOFT REKOYIXO—WILL>I: n_rtaura-ldeparti_*at. providing i; wi";i the moa*. erq-iiatterteasoer to ali jiartacf Europe, the We*t Inu'ea. AISSMV- and bTTNION HOTEL AND FESTAUEANT. HO O'RBILY r.•vroncE AYCARTMEN,TOrtmuc EIPRESSXtENi^sfc ftvt-duit*. two csiidrer. and swal-Jag maid: thev 2 2 P . 2 *T* "*** oiecovered respectable ntragetiea! Patep. ea proenred trr-m Europe, and general aif-r.ai buain«a< »oold 'ike U locate in Se< oc avenue, between Sixth andthe Overland m«e to the Fait Ie.ate<, Ci<aa an(Bfn«r-ilIaT•tbajr ad*-a*j'»g* taealloc thesrea: MetsopolrOARD W ANTFP-BY A YOUNG GENTLEMAN AND eata'/ee. domestic as well aa foreira, «^%'Bnt«ted to n m v theMs motJur. to a strictly private familv: a Parlor and two„,"rtm» »arCy turuisb* -. terms not to exceed 570 a month, i spoaen at the total.it.-lud'ug gas and fire: references escaanjjed. Address for threid*ysH.S Heraldoflne.O^R^_WANTED-BY A GENTLEMAN AND HISBNoa.(liar»d Si King street and * o. Uu Vartck stre« t Waeona for reniuviBt families In the country or el ali timos;all kinds t-f statuary, piacofortes. loo'... aadflnepaiiitingjremovedwitheareandatr>nrr\» t f furoittw* r.aelced and aii:i»e4 to all parts ofAll loreiga laagusgteNotice ts hereby given thitlte-ewals « **££££! public carts sad express wa*ons, aad to *•**!» rm^tt» la fer sale and stoek. Butler's Infallible MangeHUtBvv astrtaUy priratf family downto-a, where they caa BSKS tvitfi two e;..i Uen and child's nurse. In Brooklyn. ChiL themselves at home. A Scotch family preferred Termsntitled DoocumentgentlemanandwifeortwosinglegwMlaeienof soma!disposi- tions, who would like a home to its true senae. The object ofALARGE ROOM, OK TFIBD FLOOR, TO LBT-WITHBoard, to a gentleman and wi e or two single gentlemen, BOARD IN BROOKLYN-AT 77 fTATE STREET at 15 Irving p'aee. comer of Fifteenth street between Clinton ana Henry streets; five mlantes' wa»k PRIVATE FAMILY HAS A HANTWOMK ROOM, from Wall street and »outb ferries: a front Partor aad Bed-jar stagta, bones first able raferenoe required.A furnished, balcony, pantrv and gas. to let, to one or two gentlemen, without board: breakfast If desired; loeatton unex- ceptionable. Apply at 61 West Twenty-alith street, a few doors from Sixth avenue. Termi mocerato.A SMALL FAMJLT, WHO.OWN A HOUSE WITH THE A modern lm <mrem»nt» wish to let for tbe winter, com fortablv fnrnithed Rooms with or without BoanV t> gentle- men, or sentiemen and ihelr wives. Inoulre at -tJ Madisonstreet, between Jefferson and Cltaton streets.LARGE HANDSOME ROOK ON THE SECONDAA PRIVATE FAMILY, HAVING MORE ROOM THAN they require, would let a few'Rooms to aiagle gentlemen, or gentlemen and their wives, with fu'l or partial Board. Gas and bath in house. Apply at 123 Christopher street, corner ofBedford.PRIV A TE F AK1L T, HA VING A FURNISHED BOOK A and Bedroom, wishes to let it to a gentleman and bia wife or a couple of slcgle ceulemen, without board. locationpleasant Terms moderate, apply at 3«7 West Thirtieth st.APRIVATE FAMILY HAYING KOBE BOOM THAN they require, would take a few single gentlemen, or a gentleman and wfe to board, or would let part of the bouseroom adjoining on seeond .*• * >r uafurntahed or newly fur- Q O WEST UNION BQUARE.-TO LET, WITHOOt nished, until May next and longer, If desired, -tafe-—— 0 6 Board, s targe Boom sad Bedroom adjotatag, kandBoaw.APBIVATR FAMILY WILL LET A HANDSOMR FUB- r. ished Bedro: m, with gsa for $t per week, by apalylnfAat 1S5 Wooeter etrfcet.References exchanged.•LADT AND GENTLEMAN CAN FIND LABGE COK- A fortablv furnished P» i-lors, oafirstand seoondfloors,with partial Board for lady; gaa, pantries, aad all the freedom ofBaa own borne. No boarders or chuoren. Street, near Bleecker.Apply at 175 Ureeneto rent, for board in velum, suJ cU-ai U-.- a four story bouse, in a commandinjt locution. A suitable party will beN ELEGANTLYSUIT OFROOMS. ONAseparately and with Board. Dinner at six. Apply at No. HI (new oumber 119) Ninth atreet, west of snd near Broadwaywaiters.eeasp-Biea, aad contains a beau'if r.l ahoo'iag rallery. dicing aed d-eclng saloon. Parties of two hundred lad es aad geatle- men can be cemfortably acoomnioaai—1.VAU5NTINE MAGBB,A LADYthan she requires, would like to accommodate a gentlemaa and lady with a furnirhed Boom; Board for the lady only. Address Quietude, Herald office, for two days.BOABD.-TO LET WITH BOARD, A BACK BOOM OW secondfloor,with bedroom, water and paatrv; also, on* single bedroom, in a brown atone frost house, 215 West Fif- tieth atreet. or 1.' Rillusgarow. be wean Eighth and Ninth aveO A R D . - ALIVINGALONE,HAVINGMORE BOOKBBOARD IN BROORL. N.~r»HB O* TWO/WlrYf_31fEN , hot and eold water inside room, ssd all ican be aoec-nmodated with pleasant Rooms sad sarttal far two i Board, on reawmable terms, at M Nassau atreet, find housefrom Washington street. Referenoes required.BBOOME FYBEET, OOKV^BIENT TO THE SECONDBday boarders. Terms moderate. Apply at 299 Broome street.OARD IE BROOKLYN.-GBNTLBMEN AND THEIRBcara Broadway—To le», two large Partora. wit"wife or a few single gentleman, may find dash-able Booms, with Bond, at 108 O-ntoa otasst, oo-aer of State, saaew nlent to Wallatret and South ferries. Baterenees j__EBE___PRINCE- STBEET.-KLEGANTL Yr ItZGBOAED IN BBOOKLYN —A PRIVATE FAMILY, RE- 1 At/vJ Partor and B*d-ooma, wttb gas bath. Ac, to one orPloase address H. H. H.. Bera! 1 office, DESIRABLE FURNISHED BOOMS.WITH BOARD.264with all tbe modern given.improvements.References leq aired andHANDSOMELY FURNISHED AND PLEASANTLYSTTU-ated Rooms may be obtained at 2* West Twenty ninthstreet, for gentlemen aad their wives, or stagta gentlemen • the PALISADE PARK -THE UNDERSIGNED.' FORMERLYM iWHwest of Broadway, ia now ready to acnommodate permanent andtransient boarders,or bocms without board if desired. Dinner at 1.NO 44 WEST NINTH STREET, NKaR FIFTH A Y * ane — Booms to let. fntni-hed a- ucf arnished. in auita or singly, to genUeeaea only, ta a qu'et, Aral class home, withRSandcommodioushouse,110Bteerkerstreet, twoblocksMATTHKWSHAVINGTAKENTHAT LARGBF A M I L Ywith or wiihont oartial Board; bath, gas, Ao , A c ; referenoes breaktaattf de«re<i-, every attention paid; anexceptionable re- rfUtA YKLi-sRe. DRIVE DlhHCTBexchanged. 133 East Thirty•first street.C A NAOCOMKOnues. Terms moderate.O ABD.—n WEST FOURTEENTW STREET, BETWEENBOAdescription. Tbe conteits of the auo#rbly furnished residence No U Clinton ptaee. in FJghta street, a few dorrs west st Broadway, will be aoid at private sale at oae-ha'f l_ vales "^ .~""^C airrsssij-siil drtambie for a genteel aad private fast fly. AH firat ebaa goota la sseBeferences exchaoged.BARE OPPORTUNITY FOR PERSONS IN WANT OF first Btsss Cahiaet Furartnte or BBBBSSBSMGoods of sayFifth aiid Sixth avennea Handsome auita of Booms for Lamiiies. Alao, eingle Rooms for gentlemen.rles. ean be aeoommodated with a oli*»s«at front Btom, furnished, where there are but three in f«au!y. Termi mode-CABD.-JFST VACATED, A SUIT OF BOOMS TN Arate.Call at 693. First atreet, third floor.first class house in Fourteenth street, be twee a BroadwayB 0!and Sixth avenue. Address X. Y. Z., Union square Post NE OR TWO SINGLE MEN O AN BE ACCOMMODATED order. A few of the lea-tear arttctas only «*• bemes-sne-.oflice. with a furbished Boom at 33 Catharine street Terms mo- de ate.OARD.-TO LET, WCTH OB WITHOUT BOARD, IN ASeven octave tosswooil Piano, Pkw sad Mantel Oraaa-Wa, velvet aad other Carpets, roaawood. hlaek wntaut aa« taaha gaiiy Parlor, Dining room and Chamber Furniturs: rich Win- dow Dra^erv, Mantel Clocks. Broaaee aod Der-ors-o JS, OK Ptinttova. sfi-gBSfi Table Ware of all description*. *r ThereByour whole life. Her prexUcUoua are ao true that theysurprb* BOARD.-TO LET, WITH BOARD, TWO END ROOMS, PLEASANT ROOM*. WITH BOARD. CAN BE OB- AFAIR PRICE GIVEN FOR SECOND HAND F-RJO-private famil•. a large high Raaement. suitable fer a ohv- aiciaa; alao a Room for a atogle gentleman, Apply at 313 Fifth avenue.Pevery one that consult her. Some ladiea may aet a tatle tun: 3 one parlor and "xtenaiou. and one large back room, tained tu a firat class houae, near t'nioa aquare Refe- ture and Carpsta. In ready monev. All ca_i i-romptiy tfknown to fall, and ahe off era twenty thouaani dollars r e w V .to any on" who can equal her In the above satenee. N B. BOARD.-A GENTLEMAN AND WIFE. OB TWO OR ROOMR WANTED—BT A FOREIGN GENTLEMAN. A solid cbeatant Chamber Suit*, plain ani ornameuta'. at f A»three young ger.tVmen, can obtain furnished Rooms andRedroom ana rarlor or a 'ar^- Room, oet+een Kigath and Thirtv-fifth atreet witHor oi*.»iont Btiard, ta a most re- spectable family; aoae lot respectable nnd sodabie oeraons nnedapply;beatSBferccea-storespectahditv.Ae,givenaadBOARD—AT 25 STUTVESANT STREET. CONTINUA- t'ou of Astor plaae Two or three single gentlemen ean b«- ic iwnmoduted with ringle or*double Rocm* in a new house, ^ here the com! orta of a home ean be found; convenient toc»rsandstages. Alsaayonairlady.OARD-A FAMILY OF THRlE OB FOUR PEE-Aicroiihed Booms to let. with board for gentleman aad wif*> j)inner>t6o'clock. Referenoaaexchangedfront »i•« bask Parlors with c'oeeta, newly furnished, to ainele gentlemen. —ith«ut Utard; also, one Bedmoiu. on third atory. Inquire at 36 West W'aabingtoa place. The house son tains the latest improv«r.fn«a L A. GEY BR.No SB West Waahtafitm plaae. New York.let—To a gfttleman nr two fries'**; f_milv privat*;houae baa gaa and bath; breakfast if de&Ued. Apply at 63 ia no end to the catalogue.' No'*l «g ean rte *«kad for thai ws KaatT web th street -avenotgot. Ca.1 land see from 7 A. M.U. CP. M.,iWO NICELY TURN 18 WED ROOMS TO LRT-WITH-TWO LARGE ANT/ NICELY FURNISIRD ROOMS,with partial Board, in a hitbly reep-cubie pri»*te family,Lomeeomforta.Tfei>caUoaleoalherouteofbothraraood willhe}*ttoapartycfgentlemenfor$360perwwtk.Refe- Monday.Wednesday.a~lFriday,at12o'clock,DOO».arrtv«T" T~!B.-WH6~K » S~NOT~HRARDHSr"THE75LEBR~\ f • *K* s. Noam bni moat respectable parties need answer. The recces given and required. Address J. B boa 1 621 Post office. m time to connect wRh _tonsatooic Nau^atnrkaod Nea B» «=^ I . ted Madam* fREWsrKf:- Sie has been coss'dt* ! *7 < i>n»«tuntty is one rarely offered- Address J. Q., Herald ,Kailroad.M C T T I C s ^ ^ ^ ^ F n r R S . COBPOBATION NOTICE—THE COMM1TT-E Of! FTKiiepsrtment of the Board of Aldermen will mo* ca was- naeday, tbe S6th test, at 2 o'clock P. M., in the et~_ber of the Board of Aldermen, to take further te*timoay ta the matter ot the Foreman of Engine Company No. 35 , - __iAll those whose testimony baa beeu Ukea prrrUvu v r-v not appear. As this win be the taat meetlav. the Oornom^ would earnestly i»quest those who hare net bees be. ore weBthe most faeti.ious taste of the ejjioa: e.W~ANTED-BY A GKNTIJCMAN AND HIS LADY, wiUbegrantedstthisc-Soa,betweenthehoarsof10As_•—aeoc-d Poor. In a first r»;e boardlcg home or a hotel. With tier, vicinity of Brooklyn Heights or the rpper part of this or wagoca. according to law. and the r_rts "niWwasoaa w w .nmii^eof private Ub>. Altera**, atauog parUeutars snd city. AddrSIB W. J. D. lierald ofhee. to the>ar_. West of tha «Ity Hall, wherf taey wtU }*_J2irsWANTED—AMaiotera who are engaged out <!1 day, with Bo*a_rd?**0 day for one, full Board for 'Mother; tana* ta hens leea-onretSixthstreet.THOUSEANTEDIN BBOOKLYN—FOR A O w .moderata terms; hoose "eeupled by a small m ' cars and stages.,_. -_,._ _—j___•_»__• - __i•>_„•^~~~~~w»WFiwe3 V s THAR~BBENREOEHTLY FUB-The rsubl«r meat it also well adapted for miliueyCLAIRnbhed. with the view of making it a spoci-utj fo- geotia-pean plan.8. B. MKao, i'roprieto .FOB BEIDGEPORT-FABE FIFTY CENTS-TEl' >T rT steamer Bridgeport leaves Peek Mho. East me-. * *JANES BA1H.KY. Committee oa Fire Departmea'.of the Board o: A. ieraaf- »< -. *nd no Brit**h Musenra or Crystal Palace, or scarce fl * ^atteti, to serve as a memorial of the departed savant.orial of the departed sav«, - * £ ,Thomas M. Tryniski 309 South 4th Street Fulton New York 13069www.fultonhistory.comwei i. J. A K, Brtoilyn fest office, or Box No 3.067 New iori Poet office.PARTIES OWNING OR lNTEBE>iTED CT_ra|*__S_ on West Broadway, between Dnaaean*_""» " _ l S and an tha -treats croasta-r ft, are hereby rf_teetra "^ •=____,admirers of HumboMt will thus have an -• Z .B**"-•«•*i ttM-Tom's 6-rtrs. Sept. 14 IrWO.— - ^ S v• «\ or the SunCay ia London, with Its fire thousand ram- acqulring such articles as sallit their tasteis and theirnook Extern:: ato- 50 cenis per bottle. Dogs boarded, tral»*d. Ac drer i oges, one a; •' a half, r.nd eh*ht years Address for one moderate. Address Immediately C. & F., Herald o3I*e.I mmmtMrnn nfa&t ruftvwhii»h M i n a MfX-ANTED-A FIRST OR SECOND FLOOE, PUBNI8H WW mJ* €mn%at -' - - _a-a_l «_**#. laa •«• i is • iiBnllrnsMn In. 