 i}NEW YORK HERALD, FRIDAY, AUGUST 10, 1860.that we koow stu. I.>«8 than nothing Srt chemist hod evw attempted to establish tbe origin of the large c u m ber of the siemetils in whicu uiey believe. They lest* it to be inferred that thc*e atoms existed in chaos fromAMERICAN SCIENTIFIC ASSOCIATION.rapidly disappeared and there wot aotb r.£ to be seta bat their ragged fragmeow) floating upon Uie «rater ThereTb« trtat leteor* of July I l*» ib* AMroAMKn iJtwtf Tbe La* EcU?** • ! t-*•f the Labrador E\j*«W»OiFIFTH DAY.N'rrMii, AuguM 6,l$t».The ^-atifie Association met, pursuant to adjournnest ol ten o'clock th* morning. OuSoturdsy lost theybad but bblf i<Uy'iMM«< and to day th*y did not lit(Appioxise.)On the recommendation or the Pt*nd:ti^ Oommitt**, DrHenry Clarke, of Worce?ter, MASK , v u elected a regular memher of the sot iety.of chemistry altogether. lie proposed to enclose is ahermetically sealed retort, not subject to corrosion,*Letter front Messrs. D*\<W*U, th. Owovc*.(Aof Piataat. am t a * M n » > . < - " Meatnt,J a c k s o n a n d t n r n t a n m Ka. titled t o P a * Forfeit of Twrlre Taonaand Flw* H«a-dred Dollar*, etc.In tbe Hwui J, a short time ago, wc stated tfcW t two**. tUketoffivethousanddebarseach,withatwdfofIts thossand dollars' added by the proxw-ietor of th.« P a * * * Course, kssag island, would be run for on tbe 2Mb *d i t s . tombee text, at^tbe above course, and that for taiI n e t tbe three best horse* oa the American turf—Honet So tiel Boone and !(3ongar*e>4md been entered b, their rrvery I004, as they bad to •**•»<» « efenkif party f W m aoti Professor Joseph Loveru.g, of Oamhiidge, perpetualfound in the torch of th* Incendiary. Oareful ezamimv tionhad, however, proved that the fixes were of the no* t u r e o f s p o n t a n e o u s c o m b u s t i o n s T b e a r r a n g e m e n t o f the bakery made It necessary to use a large amount of belting, and it seems evident that the fire was caused by the escape of hot lubricating oil into boxes of sawdust, wbifh were connected with the machinery. The fire o i this occasion was discovered iu the vicinity of the box, and no doubt could be entertained as to the producing causes. The combination of hot oil, with innammable sawdust was the cause of the combustion and consequent destruction of the building.Planet and Daniel Boose, for the sum of twen'.y t _ dollar*, wbicb bad beta almonarranged, had beta agreed t o b e e f t , f a r t a e b t u p a s e c»f t o g a g i a g m u s t a b o v e i stakes race.tMl)mliving animals there, they have almost altogether disappeared. and all he tow of animal life were a few scat- joint owners of Planet. Those gentlemen, who are westSecreUtry.A l o c a l c o m m i t t e e w a s t h e n a s p o t n t e d , c o n s i s t i n g o fMessrs. J. B. Lmsley, P. ¥ Eave, J. & Fogg, Carran Th" a-it paper brought op for tbe c«oslderatton af MKerny, B. C. t.iltoon, Col. Putnam, Dr. R. C. Foster,Drba i d»clcbed lb*1 tact that a gentle tide doei prevail there, tions of Mr. Harman, though eviacing much scholarly ac-to tbtir h W by Mrs. Dr. Howe.vr«Ot'EKDI OS OF SECTION A.telling the tame story. And another curious pheuo about by the infiltration of water into their deep re- menon wot seen by enly one of our party. On the cesses. Perhaps in tbe interior of Labrador there mightl b j section wos an abstract of tbe pruBCipal resuits of (tbe observations ef the tides at Van Remee-laer barbpr, made b y t b e second Grinnell expedition,under o ^ m a a d of Dr. R. K. Kane, United States N*Tf,j u - B g t M y e a r * 18*3, 18*4 nad 19**, from t reductimaad ii^cAs oo fby Cbs. A. Schott, assistant coast survey.Tti , H»pei| was'rcad by Profewor BACH*, who said thataihough.jorcording to the theory of equilibriums, tbore H. If. IUXSUX, on the meteoric appearances of the l R h Htiouii b*; no tide at the North Pole, recent obtervotiuns of August, and the UOth of July ls>t past. The observa-be Oner lands, but on tbe coast there wot nothing butbarrenness and desolation. Although there must be some iag letter from Messrs. Thomas a s s The*, w . Doswad thethus ovedthrowiog a theory which hot long been tup-qairement, did net throw much light on the subject. Capt. E. B. Hrxr read tips per on the best means of pre-TO THE EDfTOM Ot THE nJCKAhb. KiCHSOsn, July a U6».A taper '»" Professor W. B. POOKAS on the actini-m ofit.. < cirric/diM-barge in vacuum tubes was beard with fresHon »f the association at Springfield, as well as on thetbi jugh Europe. They very beautifully exhibit the coal had w itnesscd the phenomenon.was one of the most perfect and interesting collections tuat possibly exist*, and was presented to the association through the ajgeucy of Mr. W. W. Shore, of the New York d».,y press.FTof WH;tJt«\ then read a paper on investigations ofth,- t>robIem riegaruing the existence of a luuar tidal wave opening this discussion. Professor COAKUIV said thut if the on the areat fV« sh water lakee of North America. Sun- radius vector of any planet, or other body, describing anelliptiaolorbitaboutthesun,beproducedtomeetthe ham, the author of tbe paper, in tbe year 1*54, line from the centreof the ellipse which forms the eccenWhich coiled upon him for a few reflections. Tbey had hoped to have had fuller means and facilities for the'solu- tion of these Inquiries, but the observation of the heavens at a moment wheu the phenomenon was at the heighth of its Interest prevented thofull accomplishment ofUieoriginaldesignof theexpedition. Thevisible darkness of the whole atmospheric expanse was the chiefthe bltiid. Tlie |*per was principally statistHA , and the naUs to a tabular toron. The ne« derived orbit, firstProfessor B A. Co;II>, Vice President or the Associa- tion, in the absence of the President, called the meetingto order, and the minutes of the previous day a proceed logs were resd and confirmed.facts were collected faim upwards <«f seven institutions,sb.»iag a fal'i.og off in the length of existence of theblind, .-several causes were assigned for this apparentbrei tyofHfei—first,inheriteddeficiencyofvitalpower:noticed in this paper, it is believed, allorda the means of expressing the coordinates of any planet, or even of a comet, in similar aeries, involving an eccentricity only about half as largoas that belonging to theplanetorA pnper foll!<)wed, by Mr. F. H Hrrne-KK. on Geogrx- directed to It, while every man, woman, or child havingthe humble agent of carrying out the ideas of the Superone of the party ot the juncture alluded to, he was nottbeI'rofeeftor BAOI* Laformo-1 th? m.x-t„ig IL*1 he had made ajraagetnecU with the offlccrs of the customs to an ncrur.ee to the Assocallow th: nrrv&i of the achooajr Bit'b, with tbe scientific party from I.ahradar, at so.»method, we ascertained who should Ukd this sad whoshould take that. W e hod some of these vrrf drawingsaround tbecshic, and we prepared ourselves byschoollagourselves each oneto observe his own phonoateon, and were other things total!) unoaOBected with tfte ostrgno- The Plaaut a n d Daniel BooneWluU as the vessel shaii come to anchor within the harbor tbebegmfrtog He was for repelling the atom!9 theorynott*beawestruck andInterestedbya spectaclesofall of interest, so beautiful, so sublime We were ranged to- gether—your humble servant la the centre—so at to com- municate easily with oh—the photographer at my tide,mical Qbservadtta, but yet afsufficient importance to warrant o mention. He wooM first apeak af the Urgrn-im ber of anrorat sees, andperhaps itwould be right for bias also to mectioa the extraordinary magnetic disturbanceContinue the heat and we next bare cyaaellde The dif. tkw of 1*. GiBBB, unaciiiio'jsly resolved, that the next on f-rent chamct -rs of the products of the original gas bynoal session of the society shall be held at Nashville, the mere application of beat, be regarded as an unan-minutes by another, to that if one failed, another no lest than fifteen anrorat, a number of them being could take it up,andwe should not possibly get the verylasting,batnotverydense. Itwas his impression wrong minute So we waited until the critical time. at first that the pretence of the moon hod the Nobody tr* ke until everything had been observed. Wfcsa effect of suppressing the brilliancy of these phe- 1wasperfectlytureoftheminuteofcontactIcalledforThe count ti of nomi£Otion prof Med, and it was, on moTennessee, on the 11th or 18th of April next, as may be determined.I'rofeator F . A P Barnard, of the University of Missis- sippi, wot unanimously elected President of the Associa- tion, for the next snnoal term.swerable argument in favor of bis doctrine. He thought that tbelnwt of motion went not sufficiently studied. Heat was motion, and in its application in the manner h* had shown, results of incalculable benefit to the chemist would be produced. Mr Roosevelt's paper was veryit. then the photographer let fly the tprtng of hit Instru- ment, and caught the little curve, and showed the ragged edge of tbe moon faithful to the effect, when a bordering light passes by it. Another phenomenon ig a belt of light which sppesrt outeide of the moon on the snfi, showing that the rest of tbe son is certainly brighter along by the tdge of the moon. We stud ted that time and again, with d liferent colored glasses, some colors showing it more strongly than others, and, as usual, the faithful photogra- pher caught it. In the daguerreotype impressions—of which I bore copies at home—taken by Mr. Campbell, tn 1864, i n N e w Y o r k , t h e p h o t o g r o p l i i c i l l u s t r a t i o n i tnomena;butato utter periodbehadtheopportu city of teeing the aurora and the moon and twilight at the some time, and yet the northern lights burned steadi- ly, despite of tbe two lights with w h i * it had to contend. Of the stupendous grandeur of the scenery cm the coast of Labrador, the ea President had already spoken. and beDr. R W. Cibbs, ofOolumbia, S. C , wnfi UMutimously long, but did not teem to meet with nvich favor.elected Vice President. professor & N. HAK,II.O«I> read a paper on the burningIirofessov W. T. Trowhrtdge, or Nashville, was chosen of Berdon's Mechanical Bakery, in Boston. The circuttvSecretary. stance of tbe destruction of several of these bakeries byit. A. IMBwm, of Philadttpljit, waselected Trensnrer, fire bad given rite to the belief that the cause wasto bed odd nothing to tbe description. Every spot on thatwhere loose stones can lie Is covered with theaf shattered rocks, and where the-e are not found spectire owners. W« ak» Mated that a tatitfaand several otherstm motion of Mr. C. C. Coffin, the Association then divi-side of the moon, close to the edge *f the sun, somehow, close along that edge, projected on the sun was a biuifl. light. The eye saw it, was satisfied it was there, reported it specially, and then w e opened the photographic plate, and then that phenomenon, supposed to be an optical illusion in 1820, and to be something strange in 1838—the photograph remembered il and pat it down, and said. "It is not seen jost because you have"la relation to tbnsubject we hare reeejy^ ^ded into section*.PRCCRr>IN08 OF SIC riOW A .known a. two of fhe stauncbest supporters of Un amort con turf, are desirous that the true facts in reiatwt U tbe match a'rove alluded to with DanM-i Booae should be presented to the public, and we cheerfully publish tattrMAXBKXATIIH, nty-jIC AAD CUSMllTar. («»coming to order section A proceeded totering mad birds and a few ducks. Certainly, the wildfowls of the Arctic regions ore not to be found in thislocality. Tbey found the bones of tome quadrupeds, hutno living representatives of the species. Tbey did noteven find OD> specimens of vertehrated aaiiuals, and thewhole coast resembled a grand Golgotha Professor Bar ommiMiicatioi) in oircolumnc:—el*-t Uiun H Bteiner, of Baltimore, Chairman for the dayThe same gentleman read another paper on a new am- imperfect eyes, but there is something there." (TheThe first paper of the morntBg wsa read by Professormonia, chrome, alum and the violet, green and red modi* flcationt of chrome salt. This was a purely chemical dis- quisitiot, only to be understood by those versed in the science.breathless silence which hod prevailed until now wasbroken by irrepressible applause.) Those three drawingsare a justification to the Superintendent of the Coast Sur • card went on nt tome length to describe the various vey in all time for sending that photographic arrange sceues presented on this rocky and barren coast, and con- meat to for. (Cheers.) I regard them as intensely vol cluded o lengthy address amid loud applause.uabie. As the eclipse advanced nothing could b • morebeautiful,justbecausetfaecloudswerethere,andwedidnot need a screen glass, most of us. Nothing could bemore beautiful than the eclipse as it approached, and wedid not wonder that those who kne m nothing about itshould be impressed with the id** that something wasdevouring the sun,at tome savages ore.or that the gibnous orb was melting away. Ana through thatlittle film of c'oud the beautiful and lessening crescentcould be looked at by the bare eye; and as It narrowedand narrowed, it became a bit of ragged silver w i r e -all the edges of It ragged, as the edges of the sharp caspare ragged when the moon has just passed the node, andintensely suggestive A that. Ob, it was so beautiful, so whether svcli a pleasure as this awaited me. It ts nowHe explained that his obser rat ions and admeasurements venting explosion in collieries, by liohting them with poetcMnbetl.coniytrueone.Thetidetowdiscovered were made at Italtimore, ana asbesawthe coalgasfromthesurface,andnotalinwingtheatmos- ts out lochl, but derived, and present* some remarkable meteor of the 90th of July, it passed along from phere of the mine to come in contact with the dame. Hephenomena & respect to the northwest, about thirty five degre» west of north. its variation of height in tbeThe follow mg article appeared In your paper a few d o n ProfessorSrt^ixsfAIXXAAOIB.theretiringPresidentof ago:—proposed that the workmen employed in the mine* afternoon in'i morning. Thin inequality generally de- It was first observed describing on arc through the hea- should be supplied with a portable lamp on th*A match between Planet and Daniel Booae was almoo tr- ranged a few weeL* *<o for ihe aunt of twenty ta >u«aai doi Ursa side: tut as the owner of Oongaree was dearouiof joining m the race, a * as agreed to mate it a sweepsUsas of l&.lOO each, with an additional purse of $A,duO given by tbs proprietor of the Fashion Course thus maxxig tke — rnftroM stake of S&.' 0(0 as the reward of the virtnr of the race.That such a representation has been made to the editor, or some one of fhe numerous reporters for the HASAIS. we do not question; but the statement is to entirely st variance with tbe truth that we feel assured yon writ allow us tbe space in your valuable columns to lay the facts before the public exactly as they hare occurred. Whilst we have felt justly indignant at the manner l* which we have been treated, and,as members of the turf, hove been mortified at the result, we have hitherto for- borne to make any public cosplaint, believing, perhaps erroneously, that the interests of the turf would be bet- ter promoted by silent acquiescence in a great wrong rather than by Uie exposure of so incr.cnsabic snd culpa bit- ac act of bad faith on the part of those who bar* figured largely in the annals ef the turf South We pre- ferred, therefore, to submit patiently to oa outrage rather than bring racing into discdedit by holding Uie parties up to public censure, wbicb would unavoidably, however unjustly, involve to some extent Uie innocentpretntion of nature, and how that has been effected. Tbe ner associated with us in tbe match which was proposed and accepted, imperatively requires at our hands a briefchildlike chorotter Wbicb i- thus the prerequi but accurate statement ol facts as they hove transpired,p,»ndK Ol moon's declination, and increase* during t h e lunar pr CM towards the north, ceases ot the equator, auo ivsmihhe- when the moon moves towards the iQUth. The f reafetot height was about two feet and a half.vettsj There was in opening between two trees imme same principle, or that their apartments should beR. S.:rtus, Jr , read a paper on Catochrottm, anew Island Sound, to l>eabout ft rty mites. Its velocity from ' Ittrv pfikxrly belonging to certain crystalline surface--, the tins-•of iu first appearance wasabout three quartersw ith sc me) remarks on |«olarization by reflection from «o- tit a minute, being a little over eight miles a second. It IwH sjfljtc*- The paper was prepared by If. C Lea, was about one third of the moon s diameter, or a littlebr i pona^-ed nn features of popular istoresk- more than half a mile. The meteor moved faster than Mr ' • H Koon followed by a paper on the properties tbe earth, but not in the some direction, nor yet in an ex-grand, it was with some difficulty that some of us were prevented from crying out in ecstasy I wanted to make a drawing of it, and had I known that I should have com? here today, I should have tried to hive some represents tlhn of it. Those who looked without the dark glass saw the ragged edge, snd it seemed to them toot tbe- glorious luminary w a s sinking away until it w s s lost; it Ixiked like some intensely brilliant in candescent metal exposed to intense heat, and dropping sway until it was gone. Then, oh, what would we have given for no clouds. But then was the most cloudy season of all; nine tenths of the sky w a s covered w lth clouds. Just before that gloomy twilight came, one of the ptrty, one of the officers of the ship, whose port in the division of the labor it wassome 260 years since the celebrated Frauds Bacon, dis-coursing ' of tbe operations and interpretations ofuature, taught us in these words, expressed in h;s peculiar,wcnflerful and familiar force —"It is a point fit andnecessary in the front and beginning of this work, with-out hesitation or reservation to be professed, that it isnot less trne in this human kingdom, than inGods kingdom of Heaven, that no man shallenter Into it except he becomes first liken little child." Itis in obedierc. to this noble aphorism—though not alwaysin view «>f it—that all veritable progress tn sctence IImade. W e mention this assertion with the distinct persuasion that it will itself be regarded as an unquestiona-diately over the head of tut Professor, which enabled him to measure the metet r with great accuracy. He sup- posed its height, at about the time it passed over longilluminatid npon a similar principle. Theapparatus could be either stationary or portable, as circumstances requir ed, and tbe steam power of the mines would serve as on auxiliar) in the general works- All dangers from accident or carelessness would thus be done away with, and tbe colliers would operate with a greater sense of personal ee- curity, while the awful loss of human life so frequently entailed on society by these explosions would altogether be prevented.and t-ir.A' «Un of light—a new theory proposed by J. actly opposite motion. Pr fer>jr Harman gave a com . Prof. Roit.Kiw expressed his doubts as to the practtcaplicated mathematical statement of bis modes of calcu- lation*I»r. Gorii', >>f Cambridge College, Ma»s , sail he had intended to present a paper on the met.- ric appearances of August last immediately after the ad •uri.meut of thebility of the plan, from the fact that the cuties of the col- lier were of such a nature that they could only be per- formed by tbe aid of small moveable lamps. It HAS cer- tainly greatly to be desired that some safe plan should be devised when by the sad calamities which so often over take our colliers and others in the mines might be pre- vented, but he did not feel e< iifideni that this would be a successful experiment.i e or tie most important papers read this session was had but little time t<rdevote to the question, besides he th, ".i«r..- >finvestigations on the assimilation of hsdnotyetobtainedalltheinfrmation necessarytoarSfti.th, "Manchester, England.Mr J^ L - Hiarr, of New York, mode some very sensibl. r lectLius. on Uie obser rations of the solar sirou ana "f the magnet•«• variations. He exhibited much proti- 11. ncy a '» «ck ttuV man, and his arguments, though con CM, » n t plain and forcible.mi'sci stu-fct i<<n, hut possesses no public interest. later appearances of the 80lb of July last: but he had Mr. C. C. Coma and several other gentlemen expressedt\» ? ijrijifu^r plants, conducted during the years rive at a practical solution. The first of these metersK : "ISJ'jjat Kutbomsted, F-ngland, by E Pugh To tu- was probably ote ol the m<«t remarkable ever observed Mr. Jans* HVATT, of New Vork, brought forward a pa to watch if be could see the shadow come, and see it gd,ble deduction from the history of the past. both beforern * ic : ^grweiiurat* generally this paper is of porticu- or kottwii in our regions. The body must have been la pei embracing a new theory in regard to the increase of U> ••• » f " has not hitherto been woU understood, tensely marmtied. It exploded with a sound heard pressure upon steam boiler*. His argument was that the tli»- t'tbo-jji'- i tr.^en is necessary to the life of plants, through a region of country some 6,000 square miles in increase of steam in boilers was in inverse ratio to tbeamount ef temperature, and that the expansive power of steam could he so augmented that no boiler ever made could be able to resist the force. He was of opinion that tbe fr> quent accounts w e have of boiler explosions have ail been the result of carelessness: and he contended that no one should be permitted to act in the capacity of a fireman or engine*, r who was not fully acquainted with th:s expansive property erf steam.and after Bacon's time, as well as from tbe ext>erience of with tbe guilty-/ | i since the attempt has been made U the present Tbat It will be so regarded, we say, by all make \a> , *: tioipOtors in the wrong doing of others, jus-exteut- It was seen from the northern part of Vermont ti * . :i i ibMiib the gas except through the ammo- and at* i g the coast of New Jersey, and easterly as far asHe saw it approach. Three minutes passed, and he saw it fly The uotice of this passage Is not new. It has been seen in mounttinous regions before; it was among the intcreslicg things looked for. Perhaps the most sub lime and beautiful view of it was in 18S8, when the Ger- man astronomers were overtaken in the highlands of Swe- den—(cheers)—then covered with snow, and sow the great shadow sweeping toward them over tbe snow, and tbe successive illumination of the spires of the villagessite in the character and composition of tbetrue philosopher—this childlike character consistsnot merely in the spirit of humilty whichwould become a iitUe child—that spirit of humili-ty, dktrpst and teachableness which is content to learnwhat is permitted to be, instead of determining from itsown Intelligence what must be ond ought to be It consistsnotmerelyinthatdefinedhumility,butthesamechildlikecharacter will be found to be based upoa more extendedprincfiplee. The range ef philosophy, the duty of the truephilosopher, and tbe great field open to tbe children ofscience in the future, were the themes on which the Pro (only two days interveuing). against a set of fresh horses, fe6sof very ably and eloquently discoursed Such a splen- in a post stake, two mile nests, j which Daniel Boone,J : • -.siiL -<* I'ri* acid and nitric acid also supply this Massachusetts, snd I lira, in New York At that time .• TVEt mip'-a-'-t* sud shrubs, and there are lome albumiaDd to which wenow proceed .n » roiuii J« which produce tfie same effect The re- I'rotesBor Gould printed a circular and sent it to a num ber of public •-dicers, asking for i.iloruiat.ua touching lias - 1 if. MlJ experiments of Dr Draper nave established appearahce He received about seventy or eighty lettersu.H fact, arc" BrmissingcauH, during tbe long coarse of in reply, but only twenty contained anytl ixig like reli- i» otj veil s, ba»l prosecuted similar inquiries. The re- able information thut could be used iu computation.OnFriday.UieHOthdayofMarch, weranP:mtia« pest stoke of eight, entries, four mile heats, over ih* MeUrie Course, New Orleans, against what wen sup posed to be at tbat time two of the best borset on tha ground, to wit: John C. Breckinridge and La Varietie, th* other five paying forfeit, which race was won by Placet, and, although in fast time, yet we may be excused for saying with such remarkable ease that we ventured to run him again on Uie following Monday«•>•«ofiflilaborsoftbelatterwerenotaltogether satis A domeitic ralatiiiiy preveuled him from follow- I'rofessorR,X.K.R<Mr.f^SfnrK,MrC.ROOSIVKLTandPro- asit passedby. When theshadow come over us,oh,i* ij w i ci'iiswiuently, under the patronage of lierno- ing up the interesting investigation, but lie hoped fessor I*CONTXdiffered from the views assumed by Mr. what a beautiful display of colors we hod. Wecould notir M W'-'e resumed the investigations a few yes's to do so at an early opportunity. With regard Hyatt, and were Inclined to treat the whole question with see the corona, and it was iiertrtitted to us to look aside».." mil sutce.-'Ud IDobtaining results so sUrtliugly diffe- to the meteor of July SO, the promises were more levity. and see tbe grand spectacle. My friend aud companion,rent -' :•: ih -se of Mroussitigcauit, that serious doubts encouraging. He was in possession of accounts Mr. F Pt (.ti gave bis views on the nitric arid aud am- Dr, Barnard, was careful to look over the beautiful dorki*,..,(. rnteH^ned if bis scientiflc ability. Later still, from about one hundred and twenty places, differingmouia in rain water, collected September, 1959, between New Vork and Liverpool, about the middle line of the ocean. Tbe reealts of Mr. Pogh's investigations showed tb.it the water contained ammonia but no nitric acid.!>a.-t four o'clock, in geoerallsessions.One of the members having been elected to the positijnof chairman, ,i.ess. I shall not anticipate the account which I hope he will give you. Just as the eclipse was fairly total—just as tbe lost little fragment was cut away—our Gonadiau friend, Lieut. Ashe, caught a view of the long, white blade of light quivering through where the sun bad gone out, and be caught the first blush of that corona which we would have given much, very raach, to have seen throughout. Butjust because it was cloudy, perhtps, that observation is valuable, and although w o lost the spectacle which w e would have given so much to see, yet the conjuncture of phenomena might be iUitf a valuable instance, which may teli of the fashion of the rjprrimtntxm c-uses, though there is no experiment here, but only a carefui observa- tion. For it is a question to be decided how for that red'Some;. M!|>eri and Pugh went through a series of ezneiri rn -u * u i Ants, selecting oats, wheat, barley, beans, !»•»», bu^ljKh.at, clover and tobaccn. The plants were l>ror«igal'id| from *«ed in sell destitute of combined nltro- ." i! and oobused in an sir in which there was BO nitro- ;-•*•. bst stipplied with carbonic acid. The water used to •rr.g-»te t V plants was carefully deprived of every niom of cjltrogen, and the experiments were varied bygreatly in geographical position; and he thought that when this ma»s of records sh:.i! have been properly sifted and digested, the course of the body will be easily determined, and the more important fact as to the con vexity or concavity of the meteor. He did not hold that it revolved around the sun, but he would reserve any thing he might ba*v to say on this subject until the next annual meeting of the association, wheu he trusted thatAdjourned. (did oration has rarely been delivered, even before a learn- ed society, and wben the Professor concluded he was greeted by a burst of unanimous applause.The ueail resolutions of thanks to the citizens of the place of meeting, to the principal oflicers of the society, and to oil who were entitled to the thanks of tbe Associa tion, l;hen rollowed, accompanied by elojuent and elobo rote speeches by Professors Rogers, Hyott, Henry, Lec "rate. Hunt and others.Thelaflecttonate and yet painful ceremony of '•shakinghands" was the next act of the scene, and the members slowly separated, to meet at Nashville. Teates^ee, iu Apriluwhose merits we will not attempt to disparage, wss tn*winner. There w s s consequently, and very naturoUy, great exultation among the friends of Boone ond his stro Lexington, mixed up with a good deal of boostir.g, Ac. Confident la the powers of our own horse, and belieriag, (whether right or Wrong it matters not>, that his defeat was alone occasioned by soreness, resulting from hi* eight mile run overb very hard track three days before, we proposed to bet $20,000 that Planet could beat Daniei Boone four mile beats over the Charleston course, or if they would run the match at Ashland, Virginia, w e would bet $20,000 to flo.000, neither of which propositions were then accepted; and thus the matter ended at tbat time.jJIu.theajjrrtfflrfA.- Tims$ of the Utfa of May th* fol.owing note appeared as s port of the editorial corres- pondence, written by the senior editor of that paper, whoaddia« si small portion of sulphate. This greatly he would be enabled to embody facts more"worthyofuir.reaaed d'e irowth of the plants, and the sum total oft r i r v o f(«inii in them did not exceed that of the surplusi i»l wasalUfl IDthesulphate: no nitrogen was assimi-i.iled. and It was thought that nitrogen could not be as• inflated, tliese experiments were considered decisive,in regard to several plants, bat, owing to the fact thattbe leguminous plants did not grow as well, they were notsalaried in regard to these, except in so far as they dlld others.attain results tending to show that there was no difference lYofeasor Gorin inquired of those gentleman who have of tbe West. The great question in reference to thesebetween cereal snd legnminous plants. With this view given their study to meteors whether It hss appeared to prairies- wo;- —why was there on their surface such on ab- seamen themselves. They were instructed what to lookthe experiments were prosecuted, and the final result them tost, apart from the period of the ordinary meteoric proved thai sw nitrogen had keen aastmllslrd beyond that showert, these meteors did not more frequently appear added by the ammonia. The farts claimed by Brousstng after the month of August than before tsence of arborescent vegetation? The igneous theory be- for, and I received from an intelligent quartermaster, lieved in that part of th* country Is that the trees |bave whom I closely cross questioned afterword, such a dis- all been burnt down. This opinion is, however, untena- tinct account of bow be and some of the sailors sow theTiMen to Ihe Mammoth Oave—Th', Diamond Cave and the Diamonds—Southerners for Dovujlat, rfc, di.I baire just emerged, after an eight hours* tour through that gigantic wonder, the Mammoth Gave of Kentucky. It seems like a dream, for in none but in dreamland, or the v. Jest imaginings, can tbe wonders there to be wit •Won din Boosx. Term.. May2,UNO. Mr DXAR OOIOM:.—I am aotWized by Mr. James Jackson, of Alabama to publish the following —Major Thomas oa* Thomas W. Doewell. having challenged Daniel Boone tr run four mile beats with Planet, in \ rjrinin forS3UQ06 agaiMf 15,100 or for S2u.0> >d aside tf run at Ch uiesloc the vader- surned act ep: -O.e (liaTenpe. and will r..n Daniel Boone agolna Planet, oc the terms named, over the Ashland Course Vlr- ftina. d*rinr tbe month of Uetober next. Or they will x+reto* same odds tf ihe Messrs. POSHell will ran the matrh at Mem- phis. Tbey are also wiu.ng to match Laura Farns against Fanny Washington three mile betta, for $6'Ou or tlJ.UOU. The forfei: will be deposited a! ant time and plve the DotweU party may name. W. T. CHKATRAM,JAMB* JACKAOK Here, then, was not only what purported to be on un-employed t» purchase oats for the horses of C>rj slon to gp out one morning on an early ride,,and on his icff^uien, ,irjd all the money that has been appropriated return he was informed by the janitor of the college thatIt a reliable drawing. (loud cheering) These, gentle-tlemext, uie among the more Interesting phenomena thatwe sow. Sometimes I think any two of them' nut toge-ther ought to justify all th- preparation, and all the in-convenience, and all the trial of mind, and alt the care,asd all the distribution of labor which we had. The timeThis challenge reached ut just as the Ashland races,Oir party consisted of tome forty ladies ond gentlemen, within a short d.stance of our stobies, were about to com-mostly from tbe Southern cities, en route for the White mence, and just after we had entered into new obligations Sulphui' or Uie Hot Springs, or tbe far North, on pleasure to run our horses during Uie late races in New York.excursions But w e gave up Uie purses at Ashland, for which w e Amotg the number was the well knowa Dr. Fenner, of should corcely have had any competition. We paid for-by Cong-ess for some years i**t in aid of agricultural I-rogress had) better have been cast into the sea.After the rfauing of this paper the section adjo irned.PROCKKDINdS OK SBCTTON B. : . .NAVt'HAI Hl-TOBT,KrC.<« the o.ieuiag or the iToceetl ,ngs of this seotion,a ball of lire bad I then from heaven and had cut down a neighboring lady's opple tree. Profe>'0r Gould looked on this as a. VST) good joke, but nevertheless determined to exam me into tbe facts He found the statement regard- ing the apirearanoi- of the tire ball confirmed by several persons, aud en inspecting ihe apple tree, discovered that a large bran*b, nearly n foot in diameter, bad been catNew Orleans, who, like many other.-.. Including Squirefeits on our engagements at New Vork, and promptly ac- cepted the terms offend by Messrs. Cheatham and Jack- son, as wil. be seen by the following cord published ta tbe .Vpi' v of fi' Tim. of tbe 26th of May, but bearing dote on tbe 19th, on which day we also addressed a letter to the above named parties by mail.—WomHiM Bov-r. Term.. May I USD.' Mv DEAR COLO>KI-»TI am authorized by Mr Jam's Jaek sou. of Alabama to publish the following:—Mitiu.- Thomas antThomas W. De*well, haling challenged Daniel Boone to run four mile beats with PUnet, In Virginia, for $2Cr,Ono »mian $15,000. or for $20,000 a side if run al Charleston, ihe uader atgoed accept the rhallentre, and will run Daniel Roone asaiasf Planet, on tbe terms named, over tbe Ash and Course v rr\. nia. duriug the month of October new Or they wii. give the same odds U ihe Messrs Doswell will run the atme maich at Memphis. Tliey are afco willing tn match Laura Farria against I'mm? Wasblmrton, three mile henta for $5 000 or $Id,U00. The forfeit wtfj be deposited at aar time ami plane the Doswell partv may name. W. T. CHKAFHAMJAMBS JACKSON " Notuiui&tanduig we do net consider tbat the propoai'.ioa re- ferred to us l.avini; been rande by tia is now open, (it not hoving beenacreptedalthetun<-itw»snutde,andnearlvn weeks hating eUpsed between ftbe offer ;tnd aov intimation to u*of i.s propobi-d acceptwe-.Jyei we axe willing to u k e both pro-l>osSiouso! Messrs. ittealLim and Jackson. Wewillrunthematches—DanielBtaneandPlanet—ore*tbe Ashland Ooerse. roar mile bears, on the 12ih day c( Octo- ber next, fo. f20lCJ on Planet agunat Hl.yfJo fco Daalei Boone: and lvt.ra Farris and Kanny Waahirigtoo orer tha same comae, three mile henis. on the I3th day of Oerober oeit. lor $10 0UL> a side, half forfeit iu e»< h match: the forfeits tr. be deposited with Mew* JCndera Mutton A ti>. baokera of i.ns >.ty, OL or before tie 6th day ef June, I860. We hare made nor deposit, as will be seen from the annexed certificate. 1 hat there may be no dehty io eomplj iog with the details wo bare addreaaed Messrs Cheatham and Jackson on this da,. at Men.!.his. adi-ing them oi t.,e eocteois of thi- note. »ad also forwarding evidence ojLthe high standing ot the h^use with which tbe forfeits are it f>e deposited.Ihe-r engage:! ens wrjl necessarih prevent our racist from visi'int- Philadelphia and New York, whitb »e reg»-et particularly as we had but a few days before the a». rs. au-e o» Meaars. «bealham sad Jackson's 'omroenict oo •u'-.j r bed to the four mile post stake to be run orer the Fashion Coarse at your nest meeting. • the frifods ot each course will se- eeptthisaserrapologyfornot<omplymg with their wtthee, and carrying out our lutenhon to v.,i; them a, the ; approach-ir.gmeetings,. ^^^A good deal has been said in y»ir co'-mas of late wtth re-gard to the merits of the sires of Daniel Boone :,ni Planet. Several eonununicationa, over assumed signaturea liave been wn'terionthesubject,andtheauthorofoneofthemseemsto infer that a letter to wbicb lie alludes may have been written Hithonr knowledge or consent While tt .» -.r-t eiat'ly pent nent to the subje, t under consideration, v.e take this occasion to disclaim all par icipalion In ihe jealous ri. airy thus »eight to be fomented. To reflect upon Lexington would 're a reflec- tion upon Nino, tlie dam of Planet, Motion belrg her aire, atI'rofessor d BIT>>.T stated tii.<t specimens of lignaseous three quarters off. He first thought that it was spiral, but afterwards found that it was of the sam<- plan. Theeluded amid loud cheers, and immediately afterMr B.wwAKn. President of the College of Mississippi,the newly elected Presilent of the Society, followed withWm. Whlker, is a strong Douglas man. Dr. Fenner was called to the Devil's Pedestal at a proper moment, ond delivered a mammoth Douglas speech in the Mammoth Cove t o o highly interesting audience, consisting of pretty women in yellow bloomers and oil lamp-, and a number of young m e n w h o rather favored gallantry than politic- in moments of .^o much danger to the fiair sex. It is a retormat'ons. f^'-m Uermany, had i>een received by tbe AW» <• at.on, and referred to the standing committee of -ectioo R He moved that they be submitted to t'rofes- .••or New be-r^ to !»e examined and reported on at the nextannua! hesv^i fi of tbe Association. These specimens ofthepectlisr Irown coal of Germany were collected byei bo. eraorf'isba I*\er, of this State, while on a toureffect could not have been producei by a sharp instru- ment wie ded by a man's hand, but presented an appear- ance which would have been produced i! it had been struck by a flat .stone fired from a cannon. After an ac- tive search he could find no splinters nor fragments ofbeing preserve i.Professor COAKLKY,of Maryland, called attention tothe day meteor ic appearance of the month of last September, which was seen from Washington to New Jersey.Professor J. D wWrssr read the first paper of the af ternoon, on the origin of the prairies of the Northwest. He an imadverted ou the various kinds of prairies and their various origins. The bottom prairie, found on the Mis- sissippi, was very different from tbe great prairiescolor is due to glare upon the eye. It may be well for science that the shade was there. But we did not lose the corona quite, for 1 arranged, through the assistance of Mr. Venable, some things to be looked after by thenext. I' tProfessor SIUIMAK said that the meteor in questioned been fully studied and discussed b.. I'rofessor ioomis andOxn Mammoth Care Correspondence*MAMMOTH CA.K, Ky., August S,I860. was then in Tennessee:--*Professor SnxmAir replied affirmatively, and mentioned a remarkable case of meteoric explosions which occurred some years ago at Concord, N. H. On the occasion of this appearance the meteor exploded no less than twenty three successive times, throwing t? the earthble; because a tree would burn as well in a mountainous country as on a level plain. The cause alleged b y scietitir men is tbe absence of manures, and the consequent want of fecundHy in t h e soil. H e thought this opinion equally untenable His theory is tb.it these prairies hare been the beds oflakes, which have gradually become dry, on which there never bad been any trees.Mr. CUM addressed some remarks to the meeting on the same subject, showing that from a variety of obser- vations which be bad made itresulted that where prairieson the absence of trees as being the result of the wont of water.Professor CO»Kt.m also supported the theory of Mr. Ctum.until 2 SO. From that time until dawn its refulgence was almost equal to the display of September 2,1869. It was marked by sudden changes from extreme luminosity and brilliancy to a cloudy haze, shutting out the sight of tbe stars in irfs than five minutes. Mr. Coffin was of opinion, founded on numerous observations, that this aurora is re- lated to the thermal condition of the atmosphere; that any remarkable display is due to a change in the thermal electricity of the earth or the atmosphere.Professor Ban* reported the return of the Scientific Expedition from Labrador, and stated that the vessel that bore the distinguished party was then anchored In the harbor. ("Applause ) The members of the expedi tion would be happy to meet the members of the Associa tion at eight o'clock that evening. He also stated that Profrssor Alexander will to morrow give the members of the Association on account of tbe expedition. (Applause )corona along the black moon, and how it looked, and bow it trembled, and tbe rays protected here and there; the description wss as if the man bad teen, somehow, some astronomical book, and jotted down the details, forrault aere thus apparently re oatabllsned in regard to the cereals, eadi very nearty so with reference to the legumi- nous plants. This matter Is one of the most important before the ac eotiUc men of tbe country. Millions of do< law are thrown away annually, for the lack of informationon this subject. Manores are imported, and rejected because it i* deemed that the ammonia they contain areuseless. II experiments can be relied upon, they witlsave the fancier a great deal of money: bat, at the sametime, if fansers are not willing to pay for scientific in-vest igatoDS, they cannot expect chemists to devote theirlives to a subject of to much importanse for nothing. It isvery true thai Congress has appropriated gdO,000 for ag- meteor bad thrown out stones, but he knew nothing posi- ricultural purjioses: bat 118,000 of that sum have been tive on tbe matter.expended ta tbe purchase of seed, for distri- Professor Goiiir said that the reference to meteoricbutes thr»:gb the country. It is claimed that stones reminded him of an occurrence in point Soonthe money goes for seed, but it is principally after tbe appearance oi tbe meteor of July, be had occa began at eleven P M., but did not attain much brillioncythe description was so natural and so precise I began nessed(be conceived. I will not here attempt to describeabout TOQ lbs of stony matter—one of the stones of whichall Isow,for it would require pages of the valuable roomof tbe BMULD. Let it for the present suffice for me tosay that the Mammoth Core of Kentucky is a " big thing,"and those who do not credit tbe assertion bad better godown |nto its depths, over its chasms and precipices.weighed 123 lbs., and is now preserved in the college atMarietta. He thought that if the meteor of July last sentstones tb the surface of the earth, they would be morevaluable it a scientific sense than any stones hitherto dis-charged by meteors. He would also state that Bridge were plentiful water MAS generally scarce, and be lookedthrough is- imperial noils, star chamber, tunnels, chan-nels, brooks, rivers—tee the stars oi if shining in the qualified and unconditional acceptance of our proposition,port had been named at a locality in which the laststone. II a stone had fallen it should have been seen, forit must inevitably have dropped into the co'.rtyard. To meet tbe views of the gentlemen and of the Society, ita statement of his experience and observations ^during morkoble fact, however, that the young girls who explore the interesting expedition. He said that it would bard.lv this cavern pass over the most dangerous places withThis WHS the difficulty which he could not reconcile with tbe sppearance of tbe tree and tbe evidence of those w b •was resolved that the Association assemble at half past niue o'clock to morrow mo-niag.be expectal of him. after the full and highly interesting statemenf of the chief of Uie expedition of tbe astronomical corps, that he should moke any extended remarks in re- gard to the astronomical observations made i*the course of tbe enterprise. But, nevertheless, there were ques-more intrepidity, snd come through the ordeal with less fatiguc.jtbon the most robust men. A hand >me M.D., from Louisiana, discovered a new cascade while on tbi exploration.Large!number of visiters are coming and K*>ing daily to the Cave, or rtther tbe Caves, for the Diamond Cave is only a mile and a half from Proctor's, at Bells taverntopping place, "Glasgow junction,'' on the Louis- ville anja Nashville Kailroad, where diamond.- can be picked dp by the bushel full, by paying only a two dollar' fee for enIranee. Some thought the cborge high, but a-4CharleyFordham.thecelebratedNewfork BroodSeveral papers were leftover to be read tomorrow, lorrtatlou (mm the leaf and wood to the perfect coal. It Mr. B. A t.orio read an interesting paieron indie which will doubtlees be one of the most interesting-daystion time in electro magnets, and was followed by a brief p*l<er ou the motions of the planet Cranusof tbe session.The Association adjourned shortly after seven o'clock, tions of a physical nature and of physicsd importanceand it is expected that their annual Convention will wind pilar co ortliuates of the asteroids by conveying serie- up with a grand clambake by the city authorities, atwhich Judge Douglas will be present.SEVENTHANDLASTDAV.The next paper was on the possibility of exprc--tii^ theadmittina of tabulation, by Professor G. W. Coal.lay. Ludry observations bad been matte by sir. J. 1). Gra-wh»'.e engaged >ia some government work at Chi trie anomaly, these two lines will be found to meet afa The Coiivcjtion met at half-post nine o'clock this morn But in the course oi the progress of the expedition thereowo Mr G. established a tide guage at the pointwhichisalwaysuponasecondellipse. ThisseconduetJ of a pier which prcected far into the ellipse it Is found convenient to designate as tbe first de iog, for the reading of the few papers remaining on hand take, and beyond the iotluesce of the Chicago river. This rived orbit of the original planet. The Important pecu and to hear the report of the distinguished astronomerssandstonediamondsintherough. TheDiamondCaveliarity of the elliptical orbit thus derive 1 is, that its ec uuar t d e . tfiny existed. The investigations were care- centneity is very nearly half the amount of the eccenmena connected wi,h former ellipses, but never yet ex- plained, and supiKiseu to depend on undiscovered laws. might not be reasonably referred to laws and principles well known aud established. He did not allude to the "rosy clouds" of which so much hod been said, nor to the bmnches of light or luminous matter which were everywhere presented, and which are to be met ou the North American coast, iu Algiers, Nubia and other East- ern countries. Unfortunately, from circumstances airetdy stated, they were unable to supply the information nsededL He could, however, draw attention to a curious phenomenon—to the breafking up of the clouds, which must have been generally seen, said which is remarkable il annular eclipses—tbA dissolution of the list lingering rajs or light iust on the eve of the total edipaer This breokiBgupofthelight,in theannulareciipsewssfirstguage w ta intrude! to ascertain the variations in thewho accompanied the scientific exjiedition to LabradorMany of the Southerners here advocate the election of IVieglas.P r i n c e J e r o m e B o n a p t a r t e .HIS ARK!VAX. AT BALTIM0KE IN lSOS-^Fiasr INTER-VLKW WITH MISS PATTKIWON—HI8 MAKRltGE IN 1804, E T C .TOTHI XTJITOROS THE UKRAIV. PaitAiifc..•.'•H v. August o, l$ou.As so ^iany versions of the marriage of Prince Jerome Bocapartje to bis American wife, Miss Patterson, of Balti- more, ore being circulated, I send you an extract upon thissubject,takenfromtbe"LifeofCommodoreBarnev,'' which I fhink will place things in their true light.A FRIKKD OF THfc FAMJ1.V EXTBAtT FROM THE LIFE OF COMMODORE BAI.SEV.InJulyjof this year Jerome Bonaparte, the youngest brotherofNapoleon,whohodreceived from the Consul the coiumiSMon ot Cajritaine de I'aisseou, without baring,for thepurposeoftakingobservationsot the.recent total servations wtte taken. The result clearly determined the Place, and other writers on astronomy, usually develope eclipse cf the sua. The attendance of both sexes waslul'y prosecutedforabout five years,untilsome0,000ob- tricitybelongingtotherealorbitof theplanet. NowLathe polar co ordinates of any planet in a number of con-••sietenre of a luuar tidal wave, iu some instance to the1.600U part <-(sn inch—the high tide usually occurring verging scries, the rapidity of the convergency dependabout H u m dire minutes after tbe meridian of the lunar mg upon the smallness of tbe eccentricity of the planet's sion of the Conventiou. The large hall of the State Housetransit. The<se observations merely settle the problem orbit. In the case of the asteroids, however, the eccen was crowded in every part, and the utmost iiterest was t< to the i-xistence of a lake tidal w»ve. tricity is so large that the series converge bet slowly, re-Mr K. B Kiutotr read a paper on the vital statistics of quiring therefore great labor for reducing tbe co ordi manifested in the proceedings.On motion it was resolved that the Assotiatiou shoulddents aud cuitailing their power of self protection. In eecentrity of the first derived orbit is not yet lutncientlv the members should re assemble in general session at the strange appearance of the light after it was broken upse. ottj, the ilnjite 1 range of their occupations, and third, comet and therefore more converging. Hence the lab >rthe loss of an| important sense, exposing them to acci- of tabulation is wry greatly reduced If, however, the divide into sections for the reading tf papers, and that all observed by Francis Bailey during the eclipse of 1337,andt«'o m.:: oos of popuiatitm there would be found generally About tourofIrethousandblind. Tbepaperwasenure i> speculative-small to afiord the requisite facility for tabulation, then by the same process it is easy to obtain another ellipse, or second derived orbit, whose eccentricity it abouthalf past eleven o'clock.The meeting th« n divided into section:-, and while sec-gsre tn the phenomenou th* name of Bailey's beads. AS we observed it, there were innumerable fragments of light, which did not present that rotund formgiven proportion of cyonuric acid Apply a high degrotof heat, and what u the result f Ilydjattd cyanic acid. Tfae seconds were called by one individual, snd the passing which prevailed. Paring tbe expedition tbew observesth< >r opinions, pro and con, but agreeing in the main on the desirability of come improvement in this directionAITKBVOON 8KSSION.The Aisonation, pursuant to resolution, met at halfMr C. C. Cosrc.N, of Boston, presented a paper on the brilliant aurora of August 6, 18*0. The auroral display-heavens. look at the Giant's Office, ond tee the fishes andthe thousand-legged spiders, all eyeless, swimming andcrawling, tbe one in a river, the other upon the walls and a match between Laura Karris and Fanny WashingtonNKWTORT, R. I., August 8,1860. cause of the interruption of tbe astronomi* observations. way lapidary and worker in precious stones and metals, whether that is too high a price for ,>ome of the choicestlarger to day than oa any other occasion during the ses-tion A was in session,Prof. AutAAM'KR proceeded to address the meeting on ibst would iustifv the name of Bailey "s beads. DuringI'rofessor Nuaninwr read a paper on the later extinct ball that of the first derived obit, or one-fourth that of theu.iaa or North America, lie said that vegetation on this planet's original orbit: and hence more coaverging series the r»suits of tbe late expedition to Labrador. He said th« the observations, and immediately prior to them, the, howeverj the Slightest pretensions to s knowledge of itsfutiaeat * i- vwry deferent from what it is in the Old. may be obtained. This process can be carried on to any members of that expedition weiie highly gratilied by the chief of the expedition had enjoined on the corps of ob- arid. The extinct nor* of Europe oow nourishes here extent till the series obtained shall always have the re- reception they hadnnet from the moment they set fcot on seryaMon the strictest silence. Not one word was heardshore. They had come from a land of monumental Uesjoduties, and had token the opportunity of a cruise in theWest India seas to, make a visit to Baltimore. He wasquisite degree of coovergency. Perhaps the same benefitamong the whole company, except the low tones of one msn who was counting the seconds. But so enrapturedaccompanied by his friend, General PvCubel. a secretory,physician snd a large suite of attendants all of whom well as the sire of I-eurgion 'Me propose to r.in onr horsesHe ssfiMbiUo spme beautiful specimens of plants in illuswatiou, asa..igi>ua to the Mora of the present time Wil mty likewise be found to attend the connection of theleast, he thougfjt were the first introduced, then poplars, perturbative functions of the planet into series dependent delightful converse; and if his ideas should not be o,uite were all of us, and even our worthy chief himself/ thai with specimens of sassafras no longer in existence. Tbe upon these smaller eccentricities. clear, he begged that they woul* pardon him under such on the appearance of the lumiuous rays of light to whichcrt:stacecu.<> period The oak, the birch and the tulip then paper on the appearances of certain variable stars. He fessor, well aware that the observation of the total eclipse bends'" (Laughter.)riou/iahrd ai.J were known to the ancients and were all said that this was a very important branch of study, for of 1880, al a point near the coasti of Labrador, was under- I>r. AI>X.IM>BR here Interposed to correct the speaker oi ih^ou slt-,>titug slonets to our present ilor*. tbe reasons that the attention of astronomers is rarely taken under the patronage of tfae Coast Survey. I was Although the words "Bailey's beads" were uttered byseveral wfceks to partake tbe elegant hospitality of his MetSis Thomas A T. W. Doswell have this da, deo rattedlatioo into the midst of fi lends and social intercourse andon tbeir own inertia alone. Tree from all "entangling al- were immediately invited by Commodore Bonny to re- liances," and in iln.- "spl.i. • „e emer into the-* esjtag*-side with him during their stay in the city, on invitation meut*. THOMAS a THOMAS W IXiSWELL.svcaiuvre tx.|ted, «itb all of these, as tar b^ck as the I'rofessor Goru> then read a very able astronomical interesting circumstances. Yoi) are,continued thePro Shave referred, he coi Id not help exclaiming "Bailey's which wsls very gratefully accepted, ond" they remained HA.\I.:SI. HOC.-S or FNDSSS, Bcrron A Co.fcimily. iTuns It will he perceived that we were nolo.'} sub- Tbe meTiber* of the Association then retired to pre for observation might render great helps to science. tbe expedition bad an ostensible head, that did not impky merely called out "Be still." (laughter.) other fashionable places of summer resort, to all or which jected to considerable pecuniary loss, l« t from ibe l<KhI jrou Jerome expression a wish to visit Philadelphia, the Commodore gratified him by pituning an agreeable phtcal I'ormatihns. tfter which the Section aojourned. any taste for astronomy and with ordinary spy glasses intendent—that is, m\ assouiaM and myself—lor though person The chief of the corps, on hearing the words, excursion! through York, lancaster, ths Springs, audwith u s fifteen thouaand dollars—the forfeit referred to in t h * proposed races mentioned avoveKNDF.RS SCTTON A CO RICHMOND. VS.. May trf 1$8M.l*re tor the fistlve gathering at tbe house of Mrs. Dr. There are over twelve or thirteen stars whose movements superiority ou the part of any. We were to place our J>r. RifiSARD, resuming, said be wos glad to hear tlie be accompanied and introduced him. Thev passed severalof May to tbe 6th of June isixteen d »ys <, which we had ulowedfortheconvenienceofM<*srs.(iieathaiand.lack- S«.IIw.thin«hichtoputuptheirforfeitsof$12AM which tbey assured us would be deposited al aiiv timeand place we mmlit mdicat< , but that we'nilght aifH> have bee* s biected to the abtndutle loo.- of our dept* il of $U-,00O, provided any of tbeoarcidcrts so common in racing fctabl - ha • erifortu'iaiciy occufd wiUi > the bre.-iL.ing out of the distemper or hoig fev« r. the break.ug of a leg, the strain of a sine-., or any other "of the thousand ills which'borf-e'deshisheirto,prompt!,telegraphed h; the frtetds or th. se parties here, and it is tot diflautt, totellwbatwouldhovebecomeofourforfeitswithout* chance to win and yet. Mr. M i: >r. you will be surprise* to earn that no forfeit has ever to this day been pel up by tbe other parties, and no excuse, justioeatioo or apolo- gy has been oiered tor so gross a departure from moralHowe ItIsexpectedthatonThursday next they will havelongbeen known tobevariable, changingfrom selvesasnearasppsgibletothel^neofthecentraleclipse; I'residentexculpatehimsef;butbyhisownconfession atteuda£randclambake,tobegotup'bytbeMayorand brightnesstoextremedulness. Thenumberhasgoneon and this morning I am to state to yon as briefly hehadalsobrokenthroughtherules. WewerecurioustodaysinPhiladelphia,withwhichJeromeprofessed tobe muchpleaeed;sndaseverybodyconnectedwithUiegreat Captain was more or less a lion in the I nitel States, the Cumniodofe lost no opportunity of gratifying the very na- tural curiosity of bis fellow oitizens by showing off" the young Jerome at all public places wtbin reach The rices at the beautiful village of Havre de Grace, on Uie Sxisqoeharjna, offered one of these occasion?. aud an im-Ntwrowr, R I , Augu-t S, 1H«.TutmtiibtrsjtftheASHOciatioaaadtheirfamiliesand trechangeable.Allwewanttoestablishtheseasuu therecamedowntousasensiblechill.Butwnatdis smallbi^telongatedlines.Tberestofthestatementofcpnntiesbadther^jthecbauceofseeingwhatsubsequentcity author.t.aststeadily increasing until the number or varitble starsmay be eetdown at eighty. There are ten or twelve astro-nomical gentlemen in this country and in Europe devotingtheir attention to this question, and there is not a mark our destination lor the last fifty miles an unbroken it. Tbe surroundiDs: rays of -light vtere onlytrora the pen of any of these scientific men which does not chain of mountains, seemingly formed of cast iron, rose to be compared to strings ot beads. It wos on the sideadd to the knowledge we bare of these wonderful varia beyond the limits of arborescent vegetation, imtches of ou which the n o of the sun was coming on towards tbeiions. It hoe been thonm that even Sinus himself may snow sliP lingering on thelrseastern side, from which edge of Ibe moon. There were also seen a number of mense concourse of countrymen from the neighboringSIXTH n.Or.ascertain bow many points of light there were; but wedid not see the lumiuous points. Our Canadian friend, Cap tain Ash, of Quebec, was the first who got a glimpse oiINTIRfc-TiM, io.NULl'lHNO EXSBCtsSJB OF THB sC:EN- TIFIC MIPS OF AJUuKltA.disputed fact are a succession of observations which couraged_me more than al) was at the base of that long this professor in reference to the appearance of the f'leudsavailedthemselvesoftheinvitationofMrs.Dr. wouldnotoccupyoverfiveminuteseachnight,andcould barrier. Though;thedaywasclearoverhead,alongthat eclipsewasvery muchlikethepreviousstttemeatofevents mane a matter to talk of for the res? of their lives—thefutureKin?ofWestphalia,thebntbco/the gleatest man iu the worldHowe to er.Jojr the hospittiitic, of UwtmTs Valley be prosecuted by a n / person of ordinary intelligence. barrier slepta bed of mist, held there under the inexorable Professor Alexander. The phenomeaon was so dithctlt of yesterday evening. The company present was large He then uamed a namber of tbe variable stars, among law cf condensation by the mountains themselves. And observation that be could not count the fime^bul got so an4 select, and the festivities pissed ofl sn the most satis them Ornk roo in the constellation of the whale, Algol, and when we arrived at our latitude, and were trying to find excited tbat he actually list the first numbers he hadA short time aft?r their return to rtalt.raore, th. racesat Govins^iwu took place, and there lor the liret timeJf rorue saW the beautiful Miss P A single glancewan enoigji to fire bi.« heart He hod never seen so love ot>l:gation'~ thus voluntarily proffered. It was lhui>, andtbe I' Geminorum. This latter had apparently disap some little opening through which we could enter, we taken. He nest alluded to the irradiation ot the clouds, tartoiy tnanaarj Lawtoo s Valley t- a ver> charming !eared altogether, when,about a year ago, it suddenly re looked upon these towering mosses 4,000 feel high. How and denied tbe theory that the telescope destroyed irra- ttisce. Thebosteisoooianda,ry.emboweredinthe appearedbrighterandmoreeffulgentthanever. Avery weweretogetontheplateauwasnotmanifestatall diation. Tbetruthwasthatthetelescopedidnotde- f i aire of numerous trees, ant sm»ls in the middle ef a •rge number of bright stars were variable, and Profes- bi I there was that mist It was a beautiful illustration of stroy irradiation, but that it was more diihcult to beivacreotitrebefore:and.forgettingbrother,empire,fu-thu.only,thatlb*prosectelmatchwasavoidedanide- feated ; it wot t ae refusal or failure of th. ballengmg par- ties to comply wish their own gasconading proposal U* muchPlanet'anoFa.i: Washington withDaniel Booo* and Laura Farris, from w»>ch Uie> Sally auu squarelytb« entertainment was given in the open air,and it was n o t u i o t i g h t n d f i s a b i e t o p r o t r a c t t h e p r o c e e d i n g s u n t i l tbe oamp dews W night should begin to fnM.Ox. the Aatonnition coxxumg to order in general sessions, at ten o'clock this morning, Professor Gould in the chair, The Standing committee proposed and recommendedthat oc the risk* of lb* Convention tomorrow (Wednes .tay>,th»ydondjessmantdnextyear.I'munmottMyap proved.Also that the pre^dent he requested to state to the As *oeolwatdiiomn wrtnlsi thespec*ofthreemonths.whetheror i.et he wilt bo ed to deliver a vakdtctorv address onthee*f«! efeCee,sothatitheshoaldAt the close of the paper several of the members com m i n t e d o n , t h e t h e m e , a m o n g t h e m P r o f e s s o r s O a k l e y a n d N«*«>fy, awarding a high meed of praise to Captain Hunt "*»• thdity and research he bad displayed.n»e soction soon after odtosrncd.placed oorselves, and then tbe huge mountain barrierappeared, there wasalways a visible tremulositv of tbe water, caused by the action of the heat. He then de- s c r i b e d a v a r i e t y o f t h e s e p h e n o m e n a w h i c h b e h a d s e e n , and alluded particularly to two pyramids of clonals, which presented the most exquisite kaleidoscopic effect* The mirage in these waters, he said, were most remarka-that, in iue event of his brother objecting:, the umoceut a n d l o v e l y o b j e c t o f h i s a f f e c t i o n s w o u l d b e t o r n f r u m h i m , and the consequence could not be otherwise than, painful tololl parties. Commodore Barnev felt it to be las further duty to m4ke tbe some represeutatrous to Mi*i Pfore we place ourselcsaoin such a position again, d * • s s o . i l d o i . r a n y m s t - J i e s w c w 01 d e p o s i t t h w f o r t e t u a t t u r n thus thechallenge m raboe andif we accept tbemwm shall expert Uie same course to be observed. Mo parties •an ;n.vrd or be expected, to take a l the risk and ri spaa- tibihty in engagements aCsxb magnitude on lUcsna*rts, and Mothers no* only go free of oil respoastbitiiy hut caraoehesp raputatjan *or their hor-<e> in the event ofTh* r*ithe*arrasfoi.The*,?a,vthefitcUofthec*-e.MrEditor,aa-1weleast itttotherstoformtherownco*ie'usoos,andmaketheirof gesteraJ iatortnt.•unseed considerably in consequence Indeed, from the eclipse is almost annular "or total, the is enormously fereat opinions at to thesiat- or max mum disjMd»tonl of ttmtofth*oneeotGreekschool,gocrslgbdeclaredthai rough,whateverelsemayhappen) Wehsdalreadyar- thanbergs Byth*closestmeasurementantr*themwot weasowaUbwcofaonmialf,and,IrWisusW4*4rwgedourselvesanddistributedcurlabors.Veto*w* «»fbtolr*iM*rirw»»fefjthigh.Onibe,return»rthefrom this extract you w 11see tbe Parti correspondectoftheOru-kr$ei>WafsUnitwastocorrectby«tertiafthat 'Jerome bad boon eut^ed 'nVi tha mate;; by a pre- own comments; bt t wc utfcr'y repudiate tbe idea taatofpaper'tohereadini*W»«*l>rN«9 Of SBCTIOtf ». "ATOSai. SBSrOST ASD OSOUIUV.rv*tbed us Our harbor wot good and snag, and we setourselves to work to prepare for observations. When ab!«. He raw two icebergs., wbicb gave on excellent ideaonid Iter family: snd thus, instead of assisting Jerome inthe «tep which he seemed resolved upon taking, be dideverything that strict proprietv would testify to prevent itscoot,jaimotiou.Ourreadersosednothetoldhow theirchallenge*notheiagaccepted littlehksarguaMultavailedoneitheraids,she marriageas possible how we selected our station, and what we saw wben we got there. Never in my wildest dreams have I seen such scenes ol grandeur as » e saw when neoringtire orospects, and everything but the fascinating object sor Smith, of Athens, goes so far as.to say that every the laws of moisture; but, ob, it bad no rainbow about it fibduded when tbflight was intense. When the expedi- bMort hint, h»-insisted upon an introduction to her, and»-<»«cateredgW- Thepartywereequallyaswellpleased tiarbelowthethirdmagnitudeisliabletovariability. andallthepreparationsthathadbeenmodesocorefullv w th th* beautiful serenity of tbe scene as with the or and all the expectations that bod been raised—all seemed to ITolestor HAC-KUTV mode a few practical remarks on tbe have opposea to tbem a barrier as inexorable as the lawstionpo,ssedtbeStraitsofBelieIsletbeyenteredupohav|rysoon>pp«aiedtothefriendshipoftheCommodoretornr* display of optical phenomena, surpassing everythingbanity and coHis'tty of the fair hostess. Tea and coffee (ueation, and expressed the hope that tbe advice of Pro of nature themselws. One thing became evident: we that he had hitherto passed through, and continuing a very prudently and^ firmly remonstrated with bim backed down.inunlimitedprofusionw»reserveduponthegreensward testerGouldwouldbefallowedoutasfaraspracticable. musttakeadvantageofthatveryarrangement;wemust great partof twodays. TheI'rofessor here enteredagainstthe)follyofformingonattachmentwithanyUvfvWbat genera, ertect such a course oi proceed-sg (winchand the fullest fellowship s a d good will were interchangedCaptain C B. Hrsrr then read a lengthy paper on syste- interpose that huge barrier of mountain between our. into an expUmotiou of the operations of the raysmatic views of mechanic? and mechanism with inferences f 1 7 , " d ^ e « ' < * f f l . « our work must come to naught. of light, in order to elucidate the character ofm the I'n:ijrd States, situated as he was— aider oge, ond we will not uaderlake tcmhorocteriae) is to baveoo failure,entirely dep» suit ut upon his brother, who had, no doubt, challenges and- match* s between the diSterent secuooa atother viewf for bim: he reminded him that tbe l a m of the country * e leave to be determined b;, others, forKtonce would not recognise a marriage so extracted and oueselves we have oi«y fo say we stoali hesitate long he-among the gta#«i. The party assembled at about four n organism- The arguments adduced were highly meta- « ' r S 2 * , w i e P*nelr»ted a little inlet and found, tbe mirages wbicb presented tbmiselves on the coastoYkxk ta the afternoon, and broke up before eight, as physical, and elicited the close attention of the society. antra while, a set of terraces, upon which we finally of Labrador. Whenever these appearance* or mirage*s h u t o s t t h e f o g u n d e r t h e s a m e l a w .S o m e t i a a e e t b e f o g*»J» side of the mountain range, and scarcely erertbe weather in this region was clear, it was very, through tbe most peculiarly varied shades in tbe moot acfirstpaperreadtoth»sectionwasoneonthePar* clear,butitneverremained\omorethantwo'rapidandunaccountablemanner.Thenthevassumedd*,B. V„*/itML.*Bd w,lh *• increasing anxiety^ . 1 J ^ T 1 ^ ' ^ ^ C h e s m s t s . with* propo- the form of o capital, then of a column, and" graduallywe looked forward to the great dav It orvmed taking all tbe shapes and positions that could be am-to prom** Ibst it would b* w r y cissr. b u t a t ceivttt. He had always bad hif set opinions in regard to J ? * ^ ? 2 * * * * " " » * « * * « mom ewted the very Vnticsl moment of all, cine-tenths of tbe icebergs, believing tbat tbey were clear and diaphsreoot; uitocrtsM...tine*tnthia,e*s*amefromoothinc If beaviuswereovercast Andyet,muchthatwotin- butInthisbebadbeendeceived. Tbeicebergsareoilwos probably delayed by his inUrfereuoe, but at length to<>k place ion Christmas Day, M©4. The whole warM are arquauAed with tbe result.Ibe sw-eectrdake that has sjore bora mode be* wee* Danic Bntus. Ccaucaree and Planet, to be r-a ol New York, has no connection wl-itever with the match agreed r.^oi It wos not until we tereived a letter free* Mr.Ccllt*,theproprietoroltheFashionCourse,datedlb*CommodoreBarneywasattailtimeanofficerintheicrpty in the llv», Ike * ice Premdent might be re canted out this theory would coaxntetaiv «-„..K„ ., tensely interesting, and a great deal that was valuable opscjte. Although they ore intensely white, wben in the Vreuch service—Uie rank cf Gxviimine de I'sujesii du oifc of June—th" day after the time had expired f r tha, rested to do tinth*•as rvtotftd tbe retd;«f of tbeyX»t-aroftheStandingCommittee,it itnmmtif divide tale sectionsforibe known laws of chemistry vewiT&JZ?'}^ £ were gathered, and we felt tbattkiul that we could get course of formation from glaciers, th* assures aiedttasxienwcdt^sixfy odd*3T2 JS.^ semuch Now,astothed.lerentphenomena—andIcon whish tbey sometimes present or*Ailed ap by Atomsintbeitrvmnowaffinitiesnow wfiassThweSSLy or.'yalludetothemInpassing,forthismastbebrief. No an infiltration of water, which assume* a thick,I'rcMit . add a commission as Cos/ d< Div%*icn dV deiv it of Uie forfeit on tbe match—that we bad octree of, but that In urging his views, be remarked that mankind wasr««' sooner dots the moos intrude upon the edge of tbesun dark form. These icebergs were among the phenomena in general tension m the afternoon to rally adverse to oew theories, and science had taoSor . than her edge roaunonly appears very rougta: when th* ot tbe waters and coasts o' Labrador. There w<re d:fArnu-et AaioJav answering to the rank of CtawnodocT- iu our servic4 Commodore Barnev had retamed from France the jetr before Jerome visited this, country.th* propi«*d .-.weep-Uke. tt which Daniel B o no an i Co« - ItreehadthenbeeneateVd.andleftopeu until the141* of June for Ptsoet to come in. if we desired to enter, and to wbi b we bare sab-enbeu* * thorc f « CwUsd | too*! touwu, w« djKuftmi flTor]rwe bad toy agency whoever, •iirtvt or wJirtet, « Th>Untitled Documentm*UlwkdefctaM.'>iwere pr.seiued certain physical phenomena whichled him to think that whether some of these pheuo but tbe Mammoth far surpasses It in grandeur.of Uie mutation to which die alluded. They passed•\1vessel some days after first seeing th. *, the bwgs hadffl£ TUKF.solid rocks themselves are to be seen. What bos beencause of the breaking up of the rocks which form so large a portion of the continent would be hard to say,but i t s e e m s p r o b a b l e t h a t t h e i r d e c a y h a s b e e n b r o u g h tthe [Association, then proceeded to deliver bis valedictory ondi retiring address. H e said—Mr . Chairman, ladies andt gentlemen—I am not generally very apt to make apolpgujE before tbe facU, but rather prefer to present my Tacts ond leave them to epeik for themselves It was to me a matter of great uncertainty, a few days ago, whelhi r >would have the happiness and the pleasure of seeing the faces of those who ore now gathered around mef Engaged as f was for a few weefes past in scientific studies at some distance from borne, and exposed to many dangers, it was entirely a matter of doubtlooked around on tbe savage mountains And on cometbe great black shadow, like some fearful cloud. wholare aware of what bos really been doue in the it.'or tice to ourselves, as well as to oil who were In any manto hove great hope that we htd it, and that sheet of blue paper (pointing to a diagram on the wall) which I bod brought with me from-Princeton, I took out, and took Uie white material and mode it to look as near as I could to what he told me. "No,it is not right there," he said, "there is another beam." "O, this is oil right, here but there—1 rather think there was another beam.'' Then 1made it and said, "Take it to tour associates and tee what they soy," and he took it and came back and•aid, "Tbey say that is exactly what they saw.'' (Apphti.se. i That is exactly the corona, just that ray thatShoots out here, and there he has got it a litllo nar-rower on one side—.ust where he ought to hove it nar- in the crevices of this great cave—the most wonderful for $0,000 or $10,000 a side, and a pledge to depot.t the rower, for we were a little south of the centre. 1 soy it cavern in the universe. i- forfeits at any time sod place we might choose to name.of the association is precious: I must not be tedious, Imust not detain you longer. I'rofessor Alexander con James Walker, father of the unquenchable filibuster, Gen.surpasses the Mammoth in the beauty of its specimens,aid bim ib his matrimonial tiengns. The Commodorewhich we,were under no obligation thee to recognise in consequence of subsequent engagements entered into, but it was also accompanied with an additional challenge far Thomas M. Tryniski 309 South 4th Street Fulton New York 13069www.fultonhistory.com 