 \Oofc.fca, Ir. b-all>nfcio-cs** A*-d kedup are hay ) o f but a*ytotal number of peTBons embarking at. foreicm pr>rta for or vessels occupying any of the waterB aforesaid, the public debt, and the recent success of the Minister the United States during the year 185i> was 155,500, whenever such waters are required for the use of of Finance iu attaining this object; says thai the com-.•• -.is no trace of the thief.Jof which was consenting to pay for a long series of years a large sum of money rather than build a branch to Hoboken. What he and his constituents wanted was an independent rival road—he did not wish to breakI•Central American question, and forms the last link be paid the actual expenses of themselves and families.change proposed. AU the members of the Execu- tive Committee were prosent except Mr. WellB. On reading the correspondence it was found that'with few exceptions the Committee were wilKng that a change should be made if it were thought best by the Executive Committee to do so.After consultation and discussion they came to • the conclusion that a change, appointing an earlier day, was desirable, and accordingly issued the fol- lowing call:The question of the prop.rietv of changing the timeof holding the Republican; National Convention haviugbeen submitted to the mesibers of the Republican Na-tional Committee,, and their views having been com-municated by,letter, it is determined, in accordance and Connecticut, doing yeoman's work for the•'mg that a saving of V*0jm**rmwm w^uld beef- in the city now. .. .•............ •'.faction.Mr. Brinkerhoff stated that a bridge oyer that rive*Section four directs the method of proceeding in ease yesterday. Loss J^OOO.o.» w& *mi- -present Admmiatrttkro.wrtfl probably be coupled together, so aa to tfacHi- tatethe parage of both.THE MJEX1CABT TREATY.' Intelligence baa beeu received announcing, th it" "• *•»'»••• » —abandoned that intention.THE ENGLISH NICARAGUA TREATY.The Treaty which Mr. W^le, the British Wiol* ter, has negotiated with Nicaragua, referred to in the Baltic's new*, abrogating the Mosquito Pro'.one that it allowed the corporator to eeU tbe charter, and the other he songrht to remove-by thu?amendment. If this was agreed to, and.the otherobjection was re-Mr. FLORENCE (Dem., Pa.) agreed with Bfr. of the Nai5on»l Committee, consisting, in addition Samuel R; Curtis, now Member of the House from favor of ao independent road from Newarfc to Ho-advanced thia argument all day long, and it haefbeeat a very potent one, and he supposed it would coa#um>to be so. ,The amendment was not agreed to—27 to 29* •*M. Slaight moved to add a clause, th«t the Sopretaeit has not been conmunicated to the Executive by the Government of France, nor bag it been officially trans- mitted by the Acting Charge d'Atfdires of the United States at Paris. A printed copy, however, was trans- mitted by the latter for the informition of the State ^Department, of which a trai elation has been made.senger, at salaries of $1,000, and of $oT)0, to'be paid by the Harbor Master out of the fees.Mr.Teeee said, "Yes; and when I asked what mo- " nopoly, he replied the New-Jersey Company." He (Mr. T.) was net here to defend the New-Jersey Com-Thin Loan and Y*riff billThe amount providedTlie Republican uraliwn&l Convent tion—Cliange oS Time.FROMWABBiSTOTON.tectorate, and appropriating the reservation and cost moTe than it was worth.annuity for the Indian*, i« in exact conformity with The Houve refused to tabl«the bill 21 against 149. Mr. JOKN COCHRANE (Dem., NT. Y?) understoodsey, Chase of Khode Island, Goodrich of Massachu-setts, and Mr. Wells, to read the responses be hadmerly a Whig. On the repeal of tbo Missouri Com-promise and the ct«3sequerc£ general breaking up ofparties, he became* identifeil with the American showing that tMs amendment was in acTjordance with , Mr. Pope hoped the motion- would not prwra ii. I i organization. In 2855, as a concession to that what he said in that lettorwas his object'. was intended to kuTthe bilk For his part, h»4id not branch of the allied1 forces, he was placed second Mr. Teese then proceeded'to read extracts from Mr. like these amendments.Stevens's letter, and comment npon them, showing'the Mr. Slaight said he supposed that, as usual, tsfcdVi ear- on the ticket with Salmon P ., Chase in the warm great danper to be apprehended from granting soch gumeut of the crentleman from Passaic would W O T *contest of that year in Ohiov Mr. Chase running | extraordinary powers to a single individual—ior Mr. all-powerfnl. The amendment was not intenwid,to»i Stevens expresly statesthat noCorporatlon or indi vidnal kill ihtrbrlJ, and was not unusuaL It WYtrid snsfrijr for Governor and Mr.- Ford for Lieut.-Governor. I whatever, beside himself, has- any interest in this bill. place tbfc-eorporation'iir the same- position- of *PKJTGov. Ford was" an active member of the North- The whole of the manifesto shewed conclusively that be other corporation and person.American National Cemventiony which sat in the- entertained a most bitterly hostile .feeling toward the Mr. xVese advocated tho amendrawrt. He- did? aofc City of New-York in June, 1866-, and nominated New-Jereey Railroad Co., and it was to be appre- believe that tbe Houeo would vote i« down; r f w » s Col. Fremont for President an=d; Gov. Johnston of hended that he might uee the power given him by just and necessary provision, and should be incojp*-to the objection uiged against Juarez of not repre- senting the regular Government, he supposed he was as much entitled to that recognition as the other faction', and though now exercising authority over a small district of country, he be- lieved, though unable to give any positive assurance to the Senate, that the r*tific»tion, with the aid which we would render, would establish the Liberal cause in power.Mr. Wigfall followed in able and effective speech,denouncing the whole scheme as utterly unworthyof countenance or toleration. There wa* no Gov-ernment in Mexico capable of making a treaty, orof carrying put its stipulations if made. We didDot want Mexico or her mongrel population. Juarezand his Indian crew couls not govern themselves, came up to b«> acted on, the limitation as to familiesMay next.(Signea) E D W I N WM.-M. CHX^K. Secretary.vD. MORGAN,Chairman.and if brought into contact with our people, would centamicate them.Mr. Pugh objected to some of tho commercial' provision* as favoring certain interests ovor others, but was willing to take the treaty if amended in these particulars. >Mr. Simons closed the discussion in one of hisatrong and conclusive practical arguments, exposingthe sophistries of the alleged commercial ad-vantage*. New-England bad no interest immediateor remote in this treaty, bat exactly trie reverse.It substantially proposed reciprocal free trade withMexico, which would require ua, under the clauseinserted in every commercial treaty for the last 40years, of admitting each nation to an equal footingwith that of the most favored, to claim similar privi-leges, and would result m destroying our revenue would be reached.and compelling a resort to direct taxation. Further proceedings were interrupted by Mr.. RUFFIN'S (Dem., N. C.) rising to a privileged ques- This point, and others equally forcible, produced tion. His name upon the last vote for Printer yester-much impression. day was not upon the journal. He wished to enter his Mr. Hammond obtained the floor, and would motion to correct it. This movement created much in-terest all over the HalL By the entering of Mr. Ruilin's name for Mr. Glosbrenner, the election would be vitiated, as Mr Ford obtaired c.nlv a sufficient num- ber to effect a choice, according to the announcement.Mr. SHERMAN insisted that his own motion should be first put. .Mr. RUFFIN said he would hereafter bring up his question.iday will probably bring several Democratic oppo-nents into line, who yielded to the persuasions of found his own name recorded twice, both for Mr. Gioss-have proceeded, but for the announcement of Mr. SpinVs death. •* The aubject i» postpone* <g Thursday, Mr, Sew- ttd having the floor for to-morrow. The treat}- is as dead as Julius Cseear. The developments of to-TKENTON, Feb. 28, 1860. The final conflict of the Railroads fdr the Supremacy of the State commenced this afternoon in the debate in the House on the Becond reading of the bill granting to the Ho.boken Land and Improvement Company the power to build arailroad from Hobokento Newark, and to uee the bridges of the New-Jersey Railroad C jmpa- ny across the river at Newark in case that road will. it; would give us twoTgood roads to Philadelpia, and trains'every hour, at.$2 fare.THE DEMOCRATICPLATFORM.the President, and were prepared to conquer preju- dices, Messrs. Hammond, Chesnut, Andrew John- son, and others, may be counted adversely.To th* A*w>ci*t*d Pren.W ASHINGTON,It appear* by a letter from the Secretary ox State,brenner and for Mr. Seaton, while he voted for the latter. »The SPEAKER (to Mr. Stokes) said it was not so on the record.Mr. FLORENCE remarked that Mr.-Stokes was reading from a newspaper. Adjourned.From Albany.ALBAUY, Tuesday. Feb. 28, I860. Section 3 of Mr. Briggs's bill provide3 for au office innot give up its monopoly of bridging the river for arailroad, so far as to allow the Hoboken Company tobuild a bridge of its own. Mr. John Jackson of New-ark, who speaks for the New-Jersey Company h,ere,proposed last week to.the House Committee on the billthat the New-Jersey Company shall give up the ex-clusive right to cross the Passaic River, and also thatthe Camden and Amhoy Company shall give up its mo-nopoly of the route south of New-Brunswick to Phila-delphia. There is, however, no possibility of this, for pany ; they had many sins to answer for, not the leastTaesday, Feb. 28, 18f>0.floor, had declared in his place that it was the object to break down this Company.of the others, on any pretext, whether political, moral, or religious, with a view to their disturbance or sub- version, is in violation of the Constitution, insulting to the States so interfered with, endangers their domestic peace and tranquillity, objects for which the Constitu- tion was formed, and, by necessary consequence, serves to weaken and destroy the Union itself.2. Resolved, That Negro Slavery, as it exists in fifteen States of this Union, composes an important portion of their domestic institutions, inherited from their ancestors, and existing at the adoption of the Constitution, by which it is recognized as constituting an important element of apportionment of powers among the States; and that no change of opinion or feeling on the part of the non-slaveholding States of the Union in relation to this institution can justify them or their citizens in open or covert attacks thereon, with a view to its overthrow; and that all suchattaoka are in manifest violation of the mutual and. solemnSledge to protect and defend each other, given by the tates, respectively, on entering into the social com- pact which formed the Union, and are a manifestcommunicated to the House in response to a resolutionwaning for a copy of the Emperor Na.ooleon'8 recentletter on the subject of commerce and free-trade, that New-York for the Harbor Master, Secretary and Mes-• Mr. Pope denied this, and explained that he said the obiect was to break down the monopoly.squadron, baa been ordered to Boston, and not New- and vesselp, from entering any of said slips, or ap- Toxk, as erroneously stated. proaching or lying at any of the wharves between said The records at the State L>epsrtment show that the piers duriDg the specified time, and to remove all bhipscongratulates the House on having surmourted the hi-ancJal dilficulties; says that papers will be laid be- fore the House with reference tothe consolidation ofreading of the bill. The gallery was almost entirely not care if thej were only a hundred feet apart, but he filled with ladies. ,. • could not consent to allow two coinpauies to run overThe afternoon was entirely coneumed in amend- the same road. He wished to do-what Mr. Stevensments to the bill, on which three considerable speeches said he aeked for—grant, a charter for a new road—and were made by Mr. Teese of Essex, Mr. Slaight of to this end he had offered this amendment. Such aHudson, and Mr. Dobbins of Burlington. Tho point road his constituents asked for, and such a road hehoped would be authorized. The rules being suspend- which seems to me the worst feature of the bill, is ed, Mr. Graham offered a resolution to meet at 7£of whom 96,060 were males.The Mexican treaty was to-day debated for severalhours in executive session.Thoee who have not decided to oppose it, say theircanal-boats.Section fourteen makes it the duty of the HarborMaster or Assistants, to furnish copies, of the law tothe Captain, owner or consignee of ships, &c, when-mercial depression hap diminished credit, but impresses on the Government the necessity of. strict economy; asks the requisite provisions for the public service; finds a subject of congratulation in the bountiful har-that the Hoboken Company is empowered to build bridges across the Passaic, and that if the New-Jen-ey Company attempts to enforce its claim to a monopoly, the Hoboken Company is empowered to run its trainsover the New-Jersey Company's road and bridges. I selves, but this would not procludo them from voting do not like tbe idea of two companies, lioatile to each for desirable amendments such as tins is. If thhjother, being allowed to use the same road, if I am to amendment was adopted, this corpora ion could buildtf:ese)>r»'.*.Mr. DA VIS said the Senator'a remarks had no ap-Convention, and also sustaining the action of the BALTIMORE, Tuesday,Feb.28,1860. kentownshipsastheymay deemproper; andtotake nerinwhichitwassought to accomplishit. It was maintainedorprohibitedwithintheirjurisdiction; and IVih Con£i**<3ional Convention! which elected Rob- The brig Victoria, from Cardenas'for Baltimore, be- all "lands, rights, privileges, franchises, property, said, on both sides, that the New-Jersey Company had if Congrees admit thorn as a S,tate. "they shall be re- ert J. Brent and Thomas M. L. Nahan, who are Doug- fore reported ashore off Wicomico, is now going to and bridges or viaductu, or such parts thereof/' as they no monopoly privileges. If this is so, why is it pro- "ceived ipto the Union with or without Slavery* aselection of a Chaplain to-morrow.Mr. SHERMAN (Rep., O.), from the Committee ofher stern, painted white, and with a gilt eagle in the centerproviso that the Company shall not appropriate any part of the r->ad or bridgeB of the New-Jersey Com- pany, if the New-Jersey Company consent to the con- struction of other bridges over the Passaic and Hack- eneack Rivers.Mr. Teese moved to amend the first section so asto restrict the right to construct branches to tho City ofanother man's faim, the cases would be parallel.Mr. D. then proceeded to sketch the history of theBridge monopoly and other property of the New-Jer-sey Comnanv, contending that the New-Jersey Com-" havo been formed," and the laws of 1793 and 1850, which were enacted to secure its execution, aud the> main features of which being similar, bear the impress of nearly seventy years of sanction by the hhrhest judi- cial authority, should be honestly and faithfully ob-executed by the Priuter of tbe S«a>tie and the Printerof the House, at the rates prescribed by law, providedevening is running apparently in favor of Mr. Witte. The friends of the candidates hold a caucus to-ni^ht.oppoEed by'Mr. Bond.Mr. Pope said he hoped the motion would not pre- vail. rLegislature grant such extraordinary powera as are granted by this bill ? And if they do possess a monop- oly, has the Legislature the right to deprive themof if?that dne-haif the sum allowed for composition be al-towed to each, and no mor*. It im also provided that The Keystone Club of Philadelphia arrived this even-The amendment was lost—16 to 34.of this city, was broken into last night, and $4,00u •>Mr. Slaight moved to amend, so as to provide fha- j The amendment was lost, as follows:10,000 additional copies of the message aud re ports proper of the departments and bureaus, "tttttfojf the KatbOics, be printed for the use of the oeaate, sad 25,000 for the House, and. for each, 5,000° i~* «<>u«p!ete documents iu addition.Mr SS^?** referred to the Committee on Printingmail steamship Northern Light, which left Aapinwall!fAlr re orM:d a***> P bill proposing mCarter,D«c*ar, DMUU»U, Drake, Orabam, Habeixaayer, fcUJ«; HortoiT>l««*'^ •F^LTftru- P^^ent mDeage to 3fembers of CongressJersey Company, unless enjoined or prevented from LaTzalere, Mwkerley, Marah, Mount, Mullord, MeNinaey, A. I>.constructing bridges of their own, then to use said Fattenon,.J. Pafenox., Ffckhain Pope, Iteeveu, Rualing, St>ry, Jacob Hecht, Broa. L Co.$4,S32 American Exc. Bank...$20,000how tVe propoeed straight lme was to be ascertarned. Jlr. SHERMAN replied that was t c be detenaanedby the Committee on Mileage.of a change, and having heard from all, or nearlydate, is a n£$rve of Ohio, where he now resides.the understanding here for the settlement of the ^bat tbe present rates are to be repealed, and'members received and decide upon the propriety of thein the chain of arrangement, Honduras and Guate- mala having already given in their adhesion. Tno rumor of Dimity having opposed this Treaty is ab- surd on its face.EXECUTIVE SESSION.Mr. SHERMAN—No. Instead of 40,^as now,20 cents per mile is to be allowed, and the distance com- puted by a straight gejgraphical line, instead of by the mode usuwlly traveled.Mr. STANPON (Rep., Ohio) said if the bill goes over this would be the last they would hear of it. Me hoped a vote would be taken. It could be put on theAfter disposing of the morning business, the passage now. Everybody understood it.Mr. PHELPS (Tern., Mo.) desired that tbe bill beSenate went into Executive Session upon the Mexi-can Treaty, and consumed two hours in discussion.Mr. Mason opened, saying he had brought himselfwith some reluctance to approve th s project, be-cause it seemed at first blush tt> favor a departurefrom the settled policy of the Governmenty^fhijabe would never consent to sanctfon. But in viewof the state of anarchy whish existed in Mexico,he was willing to make the experiment. In regard . Mt. LOVEJOY (Rep., HI.) paid it was simply a billprinted, and referred to the Committee of the Whole ou tbe State of the Union. It would bo at the hoadof the calendar, with the exception of twe or three ap- promiation bills, and wonld, therefore, soon be reachedthis.bill—to take the" road and bridges of the New- Jersey Company—to injure, that Company, at all events the bin as it stood, gave him that newer, and this amendment -was. intended to limit it. Woold the House, under these circumatanses. vote, to give to any one man such powers as fLeee. The bill gave him the power to construct bridgeB, thie amendment it-rafed in Cfe bill.Mr. WuWron eaid that, a few evenings ago,.he Ife*-ened to an'-argument by tbe c innsel of the Jfow-'Jerfleyr Company, and those geartlemen said that to thia eectiom they nadnd- objection, void if they werewitting to ac*- cent it he caw no reason why the Honre should'amen* it. ...-•:•.Mr. Slaight said that -he wishes of tbe New Jersey" Railroad Company did not influence him-; h e w a s not- here to represent that o» any other corporation! Bfo- « considered the amendment necessary, and had offered;it in good faith.Tbe amendment was lost—21 to 32.Mr. Slaight ofiejed an amendment provrdmgthat'if 'commissioners shall determine that any firaosfcises, bridges, roisd«, or other property, shall'be taken by this corporation, then atrial may be had with sdl-the- rights" which parties are entitled, to.Mr. Pope hoped the-resolution would*not-prevaiL. It was lost—IT to 37.Mr. Cooley moved to adjourn. Lost—20 to 35tSection 8 gives this Corporation the right to n r n tbeir cars and' engines over any other railroad or bridges in this State which are public highways, and constructing all necessary means -of access thereto; and auihon/.fc8 tbe use of so much of the-tuunel and. road of the Long Dock Company as they have con—racted for.Mr. Teeee moved fco amend by striking'OOt the first.part of the section conferring the right to connect with other railroads.Mr. Bond accused the opponents of.the bill of cap- tions opposition, wi4h a view of delaying the bilLThie Mr. Teese denied in strong terms.. The amend • ments were offered in good faith, and it was untrue* that they were intended for delay.The amendment was lost—23 to 35.Mr. Waldron moved to amend by adding that th» last proviso to the first section shall limit this section, in J=he same manner as if it was here repeated. Agreed to.contracts with other companies.[By Telsf^raph.1voted down all the principal amendments, and is still in seetion.SECOND PISPATCIT.TRENTON, Tuesday, Feb. 28, 1860. The Hoboken Railroad bill was ordered to a thiwL reading, with but slight amendments. No amend-ments prevailed except such as the friends of the bul consented to. The result caused the greatest excite- ment to the large crowd in attendance.The bill will come up for final passage to-morrow. Tne House adjourned at 9 o'clock, having been in ses- sion Eix hours Without interruption.Mr. SHERMAN preferred the question on its pas- sage now, but would consent to a postponement till Tuesday next.Pennsylvania for Vice-President. Upon the nomi-nation of Fremont and Dayton by the PhiladelphiaConvention, and the withdrawal ef Johnston, Gov.Ford to&k the stump for the Republican ticket, andrendered valuable services in that memorable cam-paign. The writer hereof repeatedly met hhn in theStates of New-York, Pennsylvania, New-Jersey, self provides for a bridge,, and there could beMr. STANTON said he would reduce the mileage to 10 cents.no good reason for giving a power which, to Bay the least, was capable of being so abused. He contended that there was no- ouch monopoly of th* right of bridging the Rivers Paeeaic and Hackensack, as was alleged. The counsel for this bill had so con- tended, and they were, in his opinion, right. There had been numerous decisions of similar cases in other States, and in this State, in tbe case of the Morris aud Essex biid/e. the Court of Chaaeery decided that the exclusive privilege extended onlyto the right of taking tolls; and in the United StateB District Court Judge Grier decided that there was no monopoly, and could be none under the bill by whick it was claimed. This was important, for the whole argument for this ex-orbitant grant of power was that the New-Jersey ton of New-Jersey, the only Democratic editor in jCo. held a monopoly of bridging these rivers. Thispierselusive, for eunai-boatts and for that purpose they aremmmORK?:®&mm TmwM^MEiimmm;5'"*"*•" tauaaamw«e already iMtthofized bylavr* arid if this bill earned j of apjwal, as contemplated fa the preceding sectiofl^there would he*we bridges within two hundred feetfctted by the proposed reformby the bill ismore than-euougi^o pay the expenses ofa member to and from WastringVn, traveling in thebeet 6tate, with his wife «ad cnirireu if the member Special Dispatch to The N. Y. Tril>un».has any.Mr. W ASHBURNE (Ke^;, HI) deprecated hastylegislation, and suggested: that the bill be re- ferredtotboCommitteeofthoWholeoathestateofALBANY', Tuesday, Feb. 23, I860.Many prominent Kepublicans £»vin# ei pressed adesirethattheRepublicanNat&nal Conventionof each: otbfer. Jt would be a serious embarrassment ~8eetfon five provides for ascertaining the ?r»ltte.ef LIECTP.-^SV, FORD, THE IIOtfSE PRtNTEB-^MR. to navigation, and be hoped the House would adopt rights, privileges, franchises, dee.,tfilen, asjbathe cast1 *LAKE ON MR. SPINK—MR. TOOMBS—GOV. tbe amendment. of lands and bridges in section three.The amendment w*» lost. r> •Mr. Slaight moved to amend by wfl>stitatmg tb»Oea»po, who recently re*tgned the SeeresaryshTo tht Union. Tcey should do nothing to place it in the shonia be held at an earlier daythan that appointedof Foreign Affair* to Jnarez, for the purpose of eomiog here to urge the Mexican Treaty, aud i >r-owcrof weaUhy men only to wm'o hero to serve the country.by the National Committee, the ISthof Jirae, Gov.Mr. Slaight movfed to amend so asto allow Jne CVrart to review the procsedbgs of the Coamussibneiw.Mr ^HERSJAN replied that artch a referencs would truated with foil powers, has reconsidered and be t-ubstjinti<illv n d»-feaf of the ollr.Mr. Fope hoped the amendment would not prevatt, Mr. Slaight said that he supposed this reesc*<ymSEWARD'S SPEECH.FromtcSpecialCorrespondent.: W ASHINGTON, Fefev 27, 1860. Our friends in the House feel great relief at the Morgan, Chairman of that Committee, ,op*nod a termination of tfc.£ contest for Public Printer. ItMr. Teeee offered an amendment to provide that the Chief Justice for Circuit Judge. Agreed"to. _ Companyshouldtakem->partoftheroadorbridgesof Section8directsthemethodofproceedovgin«*eot tbe New-JerBey Company except that part connectmg appeal. .tho Morris and Eesex road frith East Newark.Mr. Pope eaid he hoped the resolution would notPrMr. M A Y N A R D (S. Am.; Tenn:) wanted to know view to obtaining their opinions as to th« propriety degree. Tisanas H. Ford, the successful candi- said that he had but two seriouff objections to this bill, sufnoienp. When tbe gentleman arose in his sear aa*correspondence with his feUow-memSerr withVa had become vexations and wear'some tc the lastThe amendment was advocated by Mr. Teese. HeEe commanded a company in one of the Illinoisall, he called' a mef ting of the Executive Committee' regiments during the Mexican War. of which CoL moved; bis objections would be obviated. He was inWafbburne, and moved to lay the whota subject on boken, and if this bi& could be amended se as to Court, in proceedings under this act, sltall have powerthe table. The time consumed With the bill vtfouid to Gov. Morgan-, of Messrs. Sherman of New-Jer- Iowa, was Colon?*. In politics, Mr. Ford wa» for- afford this, he would withdraw his objection*. Het? order special iwries and grant new triafe, and thek proceedings shall be subject to remcrva* &»d review by a writ of error,The House seconded the demand for the previou with the wishes of a majority thereof that, the said cause. .question. ,to put tbe legislation of the country into the hands of—Convention be held on Wednesday, the 16th day ofGov. Ford has highly effective qualities as a public speaker, and we believe he delivered about one hundred addresses, in six or eight States, dur- ing that canvass. He- has been an active Repub- lican since those stirring times, and is prepared to enter the field again so soon as the Chicago Con- vention shall indicate for whom he is to do battle.lie was brought forward as a candidate for Printer, in the caucus, by Gov. Corwin:-"' He owes his election to Mr. Reynolds of the Albany District. Mr R., although present, has not voted for Printerfile was here loudly interrupted by criea of " Or- der ! " Tho conclusion of the sentence was lost]The question was taken on referring the bill to the Committee of the Whole on the State of the Union.Negatived, 77 against 107.The original bill was read. It proposes, after the 4th of March next, in lieu of the mileage now provided by tbe act of 1S56 the actual expenses of a member and family in coming to and returning from Washington to his place of residence be paid.u9l(favy, Fob. 2«, 1060.The change meets with the warm and universalapprobation of Republicans here. To the AMOciacectPreBB.Ai.i5AM', Tuesday, Feb. 28, 1850. The question of the propriety of changing the time of holding the Republican National Convention haviugIhe bill;reported by Mr. SHERMAN wa8 a substi- tute for th ^. ullowing twenty ccuts a mile to be com- puted by a straight geographical line, and cutting off constructive mt^esge.been submitted to the members of the Republican Na- until to-day., This morning he voted for Mr. Win- tional Committee, and their viewa having been com-not being so, the whole argument for giving the power to Mr. Stevens to take the bridges of the New-Jersey Company was conclusively answered. It being dem- onstrated that the New-Jersey Company have no monopoly, there can be no reason for allowing thib corporation te take their bridges. It is said that compensation will be made by Mr. Ste- vens for soch ot the property of the New-Jersey Co. as he may Ttake. But he does not pro pose to pay for the road from Newark to Jersey City, but only for so much as he may take. Suppose he takes 300 yards, who is to aseeES.3;QP yards of a franchise 1 Is it not palpably ruinomjloAhe New-Jersey Co. Who would risk to ride over a road in which, for even 300 yards, lie was liable to.be met bv another locomotive belonging to another road. The New-Jersey CompanyMr. W ASHBURN (111.) wanted to know how large a family tbe criminal bill induced.that State who sustained Mr. Adrain in the contest with the twishes of a majority thereof, that the said of 1858.. Wishing^ to see his long, lingering, per- Convention be held on Wednesday, the loth day of plexing affair at an end, Mr. Reynolds, learning from the Tellers' desk that his vote would elect Mr. Ford, he obtained a release from his " pair" with Mr.. J. Morrison Harris, and. promptly gave it to Mr. Ford, •thus-affording relief to the candidate,*"to the Republicans, to the House, and to the publicMr. JOHN COCHRANE said there should be some limitation of families, for while the followers of a pat- riarch from Utah wonld l>e provided for, a poor bach- elor lite himself would come hereakne. [Laughter.jMav next.WM hi. CHAhK, Sec'y._Tlie Hungarian*MONTREAL, Tuesday, Feb. 28, 1360. The following was received by the agents of iheHungarian last evening:" BARKXKCTOV, N- S., Tuesday, Feb. 27,1860.Mr. SHERMAN replied that when the original billcould be fiyed.Mr. DA VIS (A. L. Dem., Ihdi)-moved to table thesubject.Negatived 35 against 142.Mr. W ASHBURNE (Rep., HI.)business. Many thanks to Mr. Reynolds!After the election of Printer, Mr. Harrison G. Blake of Ohio delivered an eloquent eulogium upon Mr. Spink, who died ere Coagress assembled, thuscreating a vacancy which Mr. Blalce was elected towantedwhether the amendment would not absorb more moneythan the eriKinul bill.Mr. SHERMAN replied in the negative.Mr-JOHN COCHRANE inquired what should beMr. Slaight moved to adjourn. Lost—22 to 35. Seetion 9 makes it lawful for thia Company to makeconsidered the family of a bachelor.Mr. SHERMAN repPcd his substitute had nothingmorning. One boat, complete, with the oars lashed to her thwarts has been found bottom up at Port Latour. " Several pieces of boats mne been picked up offCapp Suble.and is a worthy successor of-that able and faithfiil Republican.Senator Toombs has been blazing like a volcanoto-day in a two hours' reply to Senators Doolittle.and Clark, principally to the former. His harangue,tract with him, and now this bill gives him the powerto use this roac without asking any consent. Mr. Ste-vens, in his manifesto, sets forth a iqng list of complaints against the New-Jersey Co.; .and voll the legislature give to a man embittered against this* Companythe power to destroy their property, and ruin huudredsof stockholders? Lass Thursday, when there was amere ekixmish on this bill, the effect was to cause tbe8'ockto fall 10 per cent in the New-York market;,pass the bill, and what then will be the losson this property 1 Should thie Legislature pass alaw which not only thus denreciates property, and thirty-aix iriends of the bill. The House hasto do with that. Families were spoken of in the origi- nal bill.TitKNTON, Tuesday, Feb. 28, 1860. The House was engaged all the afternoon on the- Hoboken and Newark Raibroad bilL Messrs. Teex and Slaight made speeches against it and Mr. Bond in its favor. A test vote on an amendment has just been taken, showing that there are twenty-two opponent*Mr. COCHRANE—AL ! but I want to come back to the tVmily relation. [Laughter.]" GocdB are strewn along the beach from Tuaket violent and vituperative, dogmatical and denuncia-Dilatory motions were made bv opponent? of the bill. - • .Island round .Cspe Sable as fat east as Ragged Island. "'No more bodies have yet bean found." I will'proceed to the wreck thisafternooB.(Signed) " A . CRAWFORD." The Norwich (Conn.) Aurora of Saturday evening state? that a letter wa» received on Frioay evening (per steamer Eu'ropn), by Mr. Spalding of the firm of W. R. Crocker & Co., which sets at rest all doubt in reg&id to the fate of W. R. and J. F. Crocker. The letter was d*ted London, the 10th in?t., and disclosed the fact that the writer received abetter ftorn J . F . Crocker, dated Liverpool,, the 8tb, in which he states that himseif and brother bad taken passage in the Hun-garian, and would sail on that day.•——Itfon-Arrival oi tlie Anglo-Saxon. POT£TLA.KI>, Tuesday, Feb. 28—12p. m.There are, as yet, ro signs of the steamship Anglo- Saxon, now fully due here, with Liverpool dates of the 15th inst.The Canadian Parlianient.QVKISEC, Taesday, Feb. 28, 1860. Parliament opened to day at 3 o'clock with the usualceremonies*., The Governor'= speech announces that a reply hasbeen received irom the Quean of England to the invi- tation of the last session of Parliament, and that the Prince of Wale? may be expected to visit Canada during t i e coming Summer. He refers to the satis- factory arrangements for the transmission of the Euro- pean and American mails by the Canadian steamere; speaks of the settlement of the boundary line between Upner and Lowert Canada, and of the consolidation of the' Municipal law of Lower Canada; congratulates Parliament On the issue of the consolidated statutes of Canada; calls attention to the law of debtor and cred-tor} , fiery and fanatical, delivered from behind a pile of beoks, whose contents he garbled by repeat- ed quotations, and whose covers he belabored with incessant blows, demonstrated nothing except that he was either, incapable of comprehending Mr. Doo- little's points, or of stating them fairly, or of re- futing them manfully.Expectation is on tiptoe to hear Gov. Seward on Wednesday. Doubtless the Senate will be more crowded than upon any previous occasion thisFinally the substitute reported by Mr. Sherman for the original biii was adopted—Yeas 128. Nays 44.but which may coet the loss of. hundreds of lives? Who is it that is all at once so fearful of being delayed in the construction of a railroad from. Newark to Ho- boken? For wo find m€n in the lobbies from every county from Cape May to Sueeex, appealing in the moet agonizing manner for a road from Newark to Hoboken, and not only that, >ut that it was of the last importance that it should, be constructed at once. Now, Mr. Stevens himself says that, seventeen years ago he procured a clause to be inserted in the charter of the tifew Jersey Company providing for a road to Hoboken. This was seventeen yeans ago; bat was the road built 1 No. Mr. Stevens made an arrdngement by which the New-Jer66v Company paid some |l8,000 a year—not to the people of Newark, but to himself. He, therefore, assisted in preventing 'the construc- tion of this road. Beside this, a few years agi> another bill was passed, by which he could have built the road to Hoboken. Aoid this he never built. And this is the man who cannot now even wait for the course of the Courts before he builds thia road. Was such a msn entitled to any great consideration at the hands of this Legislature. It had been avowed that the ob- ject of this bill was to break down the New-JerseyAlter other motions to delay, Mr. SHERM^LN'ruoved ttepievious question ou its passage, saying that if this •were not now ordered the oill would go over to the Speaker's table, acd there could be no telling when itMr. STOKES (S. Am., Tenn.) remarked that heThe following are Senator Davis's resolutions, as agreed upon by the Democratic Senate caucus:,1. Resolved, That, in the adoption of the Federal Constitution, the States adopting the same acted sever- ally as free and independent sovereignties, delegating-a portion of their powers to be exercised by the Federal Government for the increased security of each againstdangers, domestic as well as foreign; and that anv in-to knowmunicated by letter, it is dstermiaed, in accordanceE D W I N D. MORGAN, Chairman.ofill. Mr. B. comes from the District so ably repre-" I arrived here in the Bohemian at 9 o'clock thi3 sented in the last two Congresses by Judge Bliss, do not recognize Mr., Stevens's claims, have no con-" To H. AitAS, Moi.treul :' iter, and to the present system of currency.and bankingrates, with a view to further " legislation—The sloop-of-war Vircennes late of the African required to prohibit and pievent all otoer boats, ships, •also to the administration of the Crown lands; •crowded this afternoon, set down for the second down one raiboad, but to build up another. He didminds are open to conviction. The fullest opportunity ever required, and no person shall be subject to a fine vest of last season, and the present signs of revival ofo'clock this evening, ( Lost.Mr. Slaigat, said, that it might be that a majority of breath of faith and a violation of the most solemn obli-will be afforded for discussion.• The House Mileage bill, owing to the failure tocommerce: trusts .that the marks of returning pros- perity may continue to increase, and that law and order may be maintained, and rejoices that but few subjects of a broad and important character remain, requiring immediate legislation.Kansas and Slavery.Although members on the Pro Rata bill will standvery nearly on its passage as they did on ordering it to The bill abolishing Slavery in Kansas, which wa'3the Hor^e might, have co ne up here with a design ofgations.3. Resolved, That the Union of these States rests on.the equality of rights and privileges among its mem-The bill isfiamedto carrv out the reoommendation table, and takes its place the sixth or seventh on the of the Governor in his Message, in which he recom-voting for this1 bill, and might have so expressed them-order a vote on its* passage, -went to tbe Speaker's calendar.YITH CONGRESS. FIRST SESSION.SENATE WASHINGTON, Eeb. 28, lSf>0. On motion of Mr. MASON (frem., Va.), a resolutionmendathe appointment of a Cantuiu of the Port as a controlling officer over the Harbor Master Depart- ment.bers, and that it is especially the duty of the Senate, travel in the cars of either. The advocates of that their road and construct the necessary bridges; it •which represents the States in their sovereign caeacfrvor forfeiture under this a;t, until a copy has been fur- nished to biro, if so required.a third leading, its passage is not regarded as certain. Of those voting in tbe affirmative to-night, fire are sup- posed to be against the bill en its fioal passage. Thevetoed by Gov. Medary, hu3 been passed oyer his veto by a vote of 30 to 7.•was adopted calling upon the President to furnish a iriends of the bill depend on aid from the Albany andcopv of any report made by Commisaio .zers for mark- Susquehanna Railroad men to help them, and Mr. by the Governor to take action on the railroad bills, pioceedinga. ing"boundaries between the' United States and Great Milter today moved to make the Susquehanna Rail- met at Jefferson yesterday. This morning an organi-did not ask for an ordinary charter, or build the Morris Legislature, whether by direct legislation or legisla^Britain.The hour of meeting was fixed ou, aud after Thurs-dav the Senate, wul meet at 12 o'clock noon.Mr. CAMEKON (Kep ,- Pa.) presented a petition forroad bill the special order for Thursday, but failed zation was effected by the election of ChristopherAFTERNOON SESSION.}Three 0 Clock.—The House proceeded to the specialorder of the day, being the supplement to the charter of the Hoboken and Land Improvement Company.Mr. Slaight moved that be'ore the bill be taken up by sections, it be read through. Agreed to.New-Jersey Company claimed to own the monopoly tbe power to annul or impair the constitutional rightthe modification of thetaiiff.Mr. FOOT {Kep., Vt), from the Committee on very do?e.no such monopoly; but thoy have the right to take mains.Corps,Mr.HALE CRep.,N.S.) opposedit. Hehadex-tiatiiai delegates.Aresolution alsopassedbyavoteof53to26de-The resolution was lost. years old; well known, and was formerly President of sections.batrass the bill. He hoped, therefore, that the amend- tution to be admitted as a State into the Union, may- mentwouldnotbepaseed. then,forthefirsttime—likethepeopleofaStatewhenthrough objections Doing raised to the introduction of '.be resolution. ' The friends'of pro r**a claim 71 votes if the House is full They may get 68, bat even this seems now doubtful. At all events the vote will beKrubber uf St. Louis a*s Speaker of the House.Fatal Affray-Three Men Killed.RICHMOND, Va., Tuesday. Feb. 28,1860. Yesterday, in Pennsylvania County, as Capt. Vin- cent Witchers wa3 taking testimony relative to the divorce of his granddaughter from a man named Clem-of bridging the rivers Papsaic and Hackensack, audwould therefore prevent the construction of the road.He believed, and he thought the gentleman from Es-sex had proved it. that the New-Jersey Company haveof any citizen of the United States to take his slave property into the common Territories, aud there hold and enjoy the same while the Territorial condition re-_•The rulotj being suspended, Mr. Starr offered a reso- this matter into the Courts, and he thought that this lution directing the Sergeant-at-Arma to exclude from Legislature should pauee before they passed a law to the House, within the bar, all persons except the mem- deprive them of this right guaranteed by the Constitu-5. Resolved, That, if experience should at any time prove that the Judiciary and Executive authority do- not possess the means to insure adequate protection to Constitutional rights in a Territory, aDd if the Terri- torial Government should fail or refuse to provide theClaims, made a repoit, accompanied by a bill, explana- tory of the act to carry into effect the ninth article of the"treatv of 181!»witn Spain Ordered t:> be printed.Mr. DAVIS (Dem., Miss.) moved to take up the billauthorizinjr the sale of arms to S'ates, and regulatiig pose of choosing eleven delegates to represent the city ter fired, and shot botlfdead. A grandson of Witch- the appointment of Superintendents ot public armories. in the Stare Convention, which meets at Baltimore in ers's, named Smith, attempted to enter,j when the thirdThe que<tiou being on the amendment to appoint March, to choose delegates at large to the Charleston Clemens fired upon him. Smith hnmodiately killed Superintendents from the ollicers of the Ordnance Convention, elected nine D»ugia« and two Admiuts- him with a bowie-knife. Witchers is seventy-fiveM a r y l a n dBALTIMOKX, Taesday, Feb. 28. 1860.claring Mr. Douglas the firut choice of the DemocraticP o l i t i c s .ST. LOT/IS, Tuesday, Feb. 28, 1860. ,bill state, that if this power is not given to Mr. Stev- only prevented them from taking the roads aud bridges' to resist all atlem^-.to d'*°~ ' ' ' . -, Y,V~ens, the New-Jersey Company will take him into the of Otner corporations. He had no objections,to a rail- _r _ .. —~*uuiuKie, either iu relation:courts on their claim of monopoly, and delay his rpa4 road from Newark to Hoboken, but that was no reason to person or property, so as, in the Territories—whichSo it becomes a measure of necessity to deprive the why he should vote for a bi'l granting such extraor- are the common possession of the United States—toNew-Jereey road of recourse to the courts. Of the dinary privileges as were contemplated In this bill. give advantages to the citizens of one State which are mfcny amendments offered, but two or three, and those net equally assured to those of cverv other Sta'e.plication to the bill.On morion of Mr. MASON, the Senate then went las men, to Charleston. The Conve>tion adjourned pieces, though some of her cargo may be saved. may deem necessary, provided that thoy shall not take posed to deprive them of their rights' and property for " their Constitution may prescribe at the time of theirinto Executive Session. Adjourned.* HOUSE OF REPRESENT A TIVES.Mr. M1LLSON (Ad. Dem., Va.) ineffectually en- deavored to introduce a reSolu ion providing for thetine die, with three cheers for Douglas. •P e n n s y l v a n i a d e m o c r a t i c S t a t e C o n v e n t i o n .READING, Pa., Tuesday, Feb. 28, 1860. The whirl and excitement here to-day is very great. The chy is crowded to excess with delegates and other politicians, attending upon the Democratic State Con-The bark Frank, from Boston, * reports that she theexclnsive uee of the bridges of the New-Jersey the benefit of another company ? It had been urged " admission." . . <" payeed, op the 24th, 30 mile* east north-east of Cape Railroad. It also provides for the construed m of that a railroad company could take a man's farm; but 7. Resolved, That the provision of the ConstitutionHenrv, the wreck of a schooner of about one hundred branches in the streets of Newark, first securngthe a man and a railroad company were not equals; if it for the rendition of fugitives from service or labor. tuns, bailing from New-York, with carved work on consent of the Common Council. It also contains a was propOsei to give a man, the power to take " without tho adoption of which the Union could notWILMINGTON, Del., Tuesday, Feb. 28,1860. The schooner Troth, from Baltimore, hither on the and Executive documents to be printed, and copies delfv. vention to be held to-morrow. The trains from all 18th, sprung a leak off Cape Hatteras. She threwWays and Means, reported a bill providing tout it shall be the duty of the President to cause bis Annual Messagepany bad foifiied their duty in the premises, and hadused their endeavors to accommodate the people, and served aud maintained by all who enjoy the benefits ofexed to the Secretary of tht Seoate aud Clerk of the points, to-day, came well filled. The headquarters ofHouse in tune for distributiou at the commencement of Messrs. Witte and Fry, the prominent candidates for nomination for Governor, are at the Keystone House, each seeaion of Congress; -.hat s*id printing shall be where all the attractions center. The current thisoverboard a portion of hercargo.The bark Juliote, irom Cardenas, bound to Boston,put in there leaky.• '— Robber}' in Rochester.ROCHESTKR, Tuesday, Feb. 28, 1860. The dry goods store of Mes.vs. Hubbard 6t Northropour compact of Union, and that all acts of individual or State Legislatures to defeat tho purpose or nullifv the requirement* of that provision, and the laws mad* m pursuance of it, are hostile in character, subversrv* - of the Constitution, revolutionarv in their effect.AnruvxL ov THE NORTHERN LIGHT.—The U. S.without first obtaining permisHion of tho Common l«y. t)ey, Dobbins, Frooniiui. Hall, Hopper, Ivin*, Lippluoott, port last night. She brings the mails, three hundred Council. Lest—24 to 33. Muyhew, McCrucken, Shoemaker, Slaight, Starr, Stok**, Te**e,Tlie Baltimore City Railroad.BAi.TiMoitr7 Tuesday, Feb. 28, 1860. The majority of the Legislative Committee on the Baltimore City Railroad reported to-day in favor d'giving the charter to Brock ScCo. of Philadelphiaworth of black and fancy silks stolen from it. There tbe railroad Bhould not cross any street in Jersey City, YEAS—Mown. Aire*, Booraem, Biwor , Brinkerhoff. Cor- on tlie 21at, and Havana on the 24th inst., reached thiawas held at the Armory, in Centre street, in order to« r * ! ^ t w c i i 7 cents a mUe to be computed by a the ground of alleged fraud in obtaining the grant nominate a candidate for the position of Lie ut.-Coloucl, btnJgesonly duringeuch legal prevention.Northern Light:The minority reported against granting a charter, on 2 S ? ! 5 S^«*pbical Hne, and repealing all acts and from the City Council.Stafford; Stagg, Waldron, Wilb^-88. °' *' A. A. Lowe i;, Broa The section was agreed to, and also tho second sec- StruM Bro. •it.Co.Session. .THE NEW-JERSEYFrom Onr Own Reporter.• ' .RATLJROADWAR.The lobby here is very strong from all parts of the State, and the Assembly Chamber was very denselyFEBRUAE*O2&>An extra seneion of the Missouri Legislature, called insignificant, were passed. I send a sketch of these When the advocates of this bill were asked why they 4. Rao/ved, That neither Congress nor a Territorialens, Clemens"and his brother became angry, and bers and officers of both Houses, officers ol the Execu- tion. ,The Democratic Convention last night^ for the pur- fired revolvers, grazing Witchers's clothing. The lat- tive Department; and reporters for the press.Mri Bond said that the bill, as it stood without the necessary remedies fotthat jrorpose, it will l>e the duty arnendmont of his colleague, granted the powers neces- of Congress to supply Buch deficiency.theDanvilleRailroad. ThefirstsectionauthorizestheCompanytobuilda railroad from Hoboken to Newark, with spurs orMr. Dobbins said that he had no objection to the pro- forming a now Constitution—decide for themselves-amined tbe atudies of tbe stndeats of military acade-ujiesaLd found they contained nothings iittheui for party of Baltimore aa the nominee of the Charleston M a r i n e 3>i*a»ters a n d S h i p News. branches to as many points in Newark and Weekaw- posed obiect of this bill, but he did object to the man- whether Slaverv, aa a domestic institution, shall beMr. Dobbins said the resolution should be amended so as to except the " wire-pidlera/'Hoboken and Weehawken township.This amendment was advocated by Mr. Teese and does not poeeesa monopoly privileges, why should theMr. Ball moved to amend, so as to provide that this Vttubora, Whtieler, Wood—22; _ NAYK—M««sr«. Abhott. ApplegaUj, Arpwgcuith, Ball, Bang-passenger, and $500,000 in treasure.The following is the treasure list per steamshipLlKIT.-Col.ONML OF THE 71ST REGIMENT.—Lastevening a caucus of the officers of the 71st Regiment Company shall not take or use the bridges of the Now- htut, Baicroft, Bennett, B j a n d / < * ^ i ' C o f o , <">>idU, JCroier,9,71' ShoUe At Bro... Bait.... 28,600 48.71' 2. Einstein it Bro 18,000 1M19 Neuata<Ut>r& Bro 32,5094,000 Duncan, Sherman 4c Co. 162,W 13,000 .$383,80*S i J r S f l y * * * »* manv weeks as it now does sodomy, and whose arraignment for examination yes- Capt. -Alex. P. Kit nan of Company E. was nom- and return to 30 cents; Agreed to. contract or by appraisment by Commisaionoxa, with a F i r e a t St. t o u b .S J l ^ ^ ^ P*y Amber's expenses of terday caused such au intense excitement, wa3 to-day the. nomination was afterward made Mr Brinkerhoff moved to amend so a» to forbid the right of appeal to any Judge of the Circuit Court. ST. LOUIS, Tuesday, Fob. 28, I860* ,,, d ^ I r J ? , T **• kHWr,of w 2 This at*te of affairs- examined and held to bail in the sum of $6,000, which iuated, and Company to comatruct anv bridge over the Hackeasaek Mr. Teeee moved to amend by substituting the Chief The smoke-house of Koe & Co. Inthhj. city, wit* a fnTtW ^ e J a ^ Jfe W i t«too him a table ahow- failing to procure, he was recommitted. All is quiet unanimous. The result seamed to yive general satis- R i v e r . .•:/;.,. .„ .. ,< • \ Justice for the Circuit Judges Agreed to. large amount of bacon sides, was de«troyejd,bylW*,TSfMv ft***<*> this subject.Snfin^'i Bom« m«mJ>ers re jeive from $5,000 to J S S « i ***' Everybodv admits that the present ^Tstern a, unequal and unlau-. It was adopted at aTlie Louisville Excitement.made vacant by the promotion of Col. Butterfield to Mr. Pope Maid that they wore willing to accept this the command of the 12th Regiment. Considerable in- amendment. .•The amendment was agreed to.tion, giving the power to enter upon lauds, &c,, where Jv Heller, Bro. it Co necessary Forthe construction of the road. Kojwug«itCoL O V M V & I * , Kv., Tuesday, Feb. 28,1860.ter* et was maniftHted iu the result, as the nominee ofMr. Heller it Co. Section three provides for ascertaining the value of BBIIMI k Lander.Mr. Waldron moved to amend, so as to limit theJohn Haskell, the man airested on Saturday for the mettirg will likely be elected. On the fi rat ballot price of excursion tickets from Newark to Hoboken lands or bridges required by thh? corporation, either byXC,000 Total...Untitled Documenta'so read from a letter of Mr. E. A. Stevens (who he said appeared to be the eote owner of th» corporation),Company. The gentleman from Passaic (Mr. Pope), termeddling by any one or more States, or by a combi-the leader of the party in favor of this bill upon this nation of their citi/.eus, with the domestic institutionaand Essex Railroad extension, they reply that the tion of an indirect and unfriendly characterj possessessary for the construction of an independent road from 0. Resolved, That the inhabitants of a Territory of The bill was read through, and then taken up by Newark to Hoboken, and the amendment would em- the United States, when they rightfully form a Consti-were justly entitled to protection in all the rights which they possess. IX the New-Jersey Company— ri1 Thomas M. Tryniski 309 South 4th Street Fulton New York 13069www.fultonhistory.comEtt^^^r^^Mrrrr^ -•••••.,,r . ^,Tlf,.^•:•-. KK$2*Vn&z*£p?t*' T'frtwiil!... . ....;*-. ,?•<•-/• •.V.-.J\*t>, •'•'••:..-rt>'.^-.-.•.-•»:-"• 