 *—TheHon.G.W.Iog«r«o11,Attorney-Gooeralof B?R«x School privdeees DM'- beiuk- adored **gM*f MT. Ingereoll bad filled many offices in the State."MmvcalHall"It willbe100feetinwidthby17.5in depth, arid the, same h'ght as the l*to Tripler H*U,that tbey have mado enough alr^sdy. W thout doubt which wab only 150 feet deep: It is intended to bate sible by tbe Broad wwy Railroad^ and the Bowi-to-ba- head, are the words, " May the >%7wafer lot*. If Ihe Common ConncH compelled owner' j with a -white and blue border, f; noioly oit'd Httti-mooopoly will eater largely into our tbe view of erecing thereon a new and maguificent who will not bu'dd to fid up and fence tbeir vacant lota' j white and blue;" in tbe blue bonfeil^£2?Church. While our merchants buy up-r,own lots for.KANAGAWA, NOV. 16,1859. speculation, they aro not so eager aa formerly to keep the past two j ears, or whether they shall be setback pertaining to tbe P. R. ' • /4ry. But the contest has not ended here. If, will un- Democratic etate?men- Worse than all tbis, like hye- dcubtrrtiy be taken to tho CoartP, whore a long litiga-perch, 10c:a lb; smelts, 10c. a IB; salmon. 75c. to $1 a lb; trouk 37£c. a lb; shad, 50, 60, and 75c. each;-«mi bis children a mile or more to the *' C wte'Ommmar Sefcoel, and would find th*t a'thoiuh ho w *»PERSONAL.already heard in our etree's, and I doubt not that mo- in t i e fashionabJe eect'-on of Fourteenth street, withpayingtaxe*eventoteu-foldtheaaiouotofhMwhiteiexte'ection. SomemembersBOWbere wi'l discover, wfctn they return home, that they will in future be re-• •• J ._ i_ !..,.. iff _J_ »_u _ ._ «,.*»,.._ improvedpropertyicnlnseWardswouldptysomeboilt Tailroad in G?anl frtreet.The demand for h oners in WHlianwbnrgh is qifite*J.* ^. JA.- i f • i % % etors;thecenterpiecehadarko*gifyS«xen-V is a buff ground, with r*d horde* in the fctar>d»rd and motto of Gr«*t Bri'-avl rampant in faeb cont-er of the bolt squataeuthbor, he could not educate bis oftapria^ to auyW b e r euu>oard than that of tbe Grimm*rS.sWb»—• Maine, died in Bangor on Monday at tbe a«o of 57. quired to n-mam there, the impressioo being strongthing like a fair ihie«-eet,r»o w that it is so read )y acces-the breast;, in a s*mtAreolar form, a'4children to too staunch R*pabr,c%n Ss** of KTM'TM Inland. The fwpiort re of Setb P -W «>ra aa > th *t me children of all cla»se»s colore and »eds nave equ-it school rights; the Spragoe men deny that r ght to ooae lmt tt*«£ B * « m , Wcaooot or mil uot **y whether TColetto, quadroon or octoroon children are to be dv- bemd there privily or jx* foeir candid^ *v- f.Jl, v i o l a t e Uw of the Sea** orb, id J he *«. ploixamt of children in muls u>oro than eleven hours Sir TMi every'day of the creek, bat they *re Btriokea• -S&?tS S S M D M emotion, of dwmay a »d h >rror at cur endeavoring to allow every eiluou e W a u W rich*. Rhode H&W* notoo far removed from M *- MtrKiKH. tt* .the itonoiu old Bay St-rte] that any prmc -T>]),wl icb will ««-rk tbetc cannot bo Bticoe-Hf.il here. The Pcnjne*«?ic P4*17 a r t t ^ far aware of the im* Borwnce ©I oDtaioin* help icoax the '< Cornervativo iopabI«c«»»" U>at tbeir org*a in this oity dire not ciuiu> t'<!. Sprague as a Democrat. By uoaw over- •tiahton the pa?t of the editor, pro^aMy, he *TAi ao claimed the day after be was nominated", ont he soon took the back track, and now always terms him a "Union" man. The small minority in oar S'*iothey have real zed a irood deal more than they ex- peoied to when they first set foot in Trenton.JAPAN.it finrpa^sfor a concert or ball-room anything hitherto seen .in New-York. A supper-room, of equal super- ficies, will occupy the basement.e—none to whose religious fidelity, and far-sighted .patriotism,andmanlyindependenceoffp>rit.thegre*t ,- trust of the Presidency could be m rre safely com- •iitted. To us the objection that he <*aa no", a member of tbe Repiblican party in 1856 is of no weight. It isCoxreapondeiiceofTieN.Y.Tribune.TRKNTOX, March 5,1860.It is difficult to witness the varying phases of thehouseservanthasbeenmurdered.nobetteraccommodations.BUILDINGS AND RENTS IN BROOKL YN.A nucDber of buildings are now io process of erec-—Tbe Bangor papers aro apprehensive that Mr. B. D. Bartlett of that city, receatJy engaged ia raieiog PTsnkm f-bips on the St. Lawrence, was a paseenger on the Bungarian.—Lust Saturday the Hon. Samuel E. Smith died"soddebly at Wiscas^t, Maine, of an affection of the the Jovrnal des Dcbali.\brisk, and the rents are moderate; but it rests withThere aro more sellers than buyers of firat-clasa George Law and his ferry compao/* to de^de whether expected to witnefs one or two fight* wbfciprinciple*renderhimtooultra,andwo-ildretain poundsaline.Forinstance,theopeningcost$750;a "50,CC0fortignershereinsteadof50? These50lord Poiklots."enough that on the great, question of the day—the railroad cottest which has been carried on here forquestion of Slavery as related t,o the Federal Govern- weeks past without some feeling of partisanship takhogment and. tbe Federal Const tutioa—he takes—as sucha man cannot but talc—the right side. He holds the hold of the spectator's mind. It is even more difficult terests—always the surest test of the gTOwth or de- early to form an estimate of the number to be ereced,old docaine in regard to S'avery—the dossnne of the to write about it without espousing one side or the ^Revolution and of the Ordinance of 1787—the doc-rioe other. E*ch party, seemed to posses* certain positive-of Washington and Frarfklin, of Jefferson and Mi1i- son, In the days" when Virginia h-»d not/yet been de- graded in*o " tbe slave cooft" of America—the doc-trine of Roger Sbermttn and Olicer Ellsworth and John Jay. He has done long t»go what Wishiukrtou <tid only in his last will and tes'ameot—he ha^ emaac:pa to bu own slaves t. r c'i)t?fi>j(.ce' sake, ami for the *afce of the testimony which he thereby gave against thn»}8'itDof S'avtiy. We do not ask whether he afere*s with us on every point—it is enoagh for us to know that be is as beajtily opposed as we are to the t e w , demoralizing, and revolutionary policy repre- sentee bv whoever may be made the c*ndidaf.e of the l>emccritic party. Atid the couutrv on^ht to^k now iuas building operations will not actively commence be- fore May,. Thofe npw being constructed are mainlyk^ov ledge of the railroad system which has so long aulvj*ic*—as weknow—that he will not consent to be prevailed among us.rich and jubilant, cornea Lent, the season of leanuee?, were greatly surprised at this fact, and on learning the it may firs; be said, tbat there seems no diminution iu between tie Mechanics' Bank and the residence of bringing lose to tho dealers in flesh me it, but plenty cause of the unusual vacation, naturally becime ex-u»ed by any third party as a means of a dir-g the Mr. Edwin A. S evens has been for twenty years theCharleston candidate." rniirond Czar of New-Jersey. He reaidesat Hoboken,—The National Republican Committee, in changing where he has a vast landed property. Beside this, hethe time for holcing tie Chicago Convention, fixed peeeeirBes a fortune which makes him the wealthiestnpon tbe 16th day of May as tbe time. This day hap- rxao in the S'ate. He is a man of great form-ight, ofthe speculative feeling manifested. Though the effect i tbe late Mr. Bogert, on Falcon street, near Montague, aDd profit to tbe fishers and fishmongers. The acta»l ceedingly indignant. Mr. Riiey had held h s position of the revulsion of 1857 are still felt, yet, as the revul after tbe !t*l of May next. . difference which the recurrence of Lent may make to for eovoral years, was an aged man, and, doubtless, afaithful eervant. Bat there was not probably one in ten of U e cbi dren, nor one in twenty of the children's parent*, who had ever heard of. hiui, much Ie*3 knsw him. Why their children ehould be tamed out of school, fcimply because of hia-death, .tiey caunot under- stand. The teachers, of courae, draw their pay for themen, have, for a j'ear past, had plenty of baeinees on and are now ready for occupancy. Tno lower floors The herring ia quite an importiut article of diet t:me thus lost, and the residents of the Ward have to-pens to be the birthday of WiOiitui H. Seward.prodigious capacity and acquirements in railway andsiearnboat engineering, and has spent great snms inbion was most severe upon the West, h turned tho eyes The land IHnow occupied by wooden shanties and the butchers' bueineaa may not be very alarming, but of operators to the safer field opened in our midst. The asconfecti nary, meat, and cigar etorea. The budd- its effect in the fish maiket is moat de-iied; for at capitalis'e, and merchants, also, continue to rival each ings already erected and thoee to be put up are ou a the present time the Btalla are loaded down with every other in putting up stalely s>nd expensive buildings ;on seven years' lease. A fine block of four-story brick variety, tbe demand being equal almost to the supply; Broadway and oiher thoroughfares; and contractors,—Parson Brownlow, being asked what will be lu3 testirg inventions andimprovements connected there-position in the Prtt-identiol contest, siya: whb, sone of his own dovisiog and some devised byothers. A project or a theory which strikes his niiod" W e will he fighting both nominees, and as a friend as good and feiu-iblo he carries through w;th iron per-bouecB in Myrtle avenue, extending from Duilield to and the fish are sold, tx>, at prices within the reach of bui'ders, bioker*, auctioneers, aud other real-estate Gold btreet, were completed during the past Winter, rich and poor.to the Son h and tbe Union, defeating the election ofeither. For the self-same reason tn»t ^e cat not sup-port or etun'ecan'ce the Black Republican ticket, wecannot st.nsiion the Democrat c ticbef. Both of theserfevt-rbnte, sparipg neitoer labor, time, nor money. Such a man must, therefore, be a formidable antago- nist in any contest where he may have made uo his mind to win. It was to those fctrong .personal charac-are intended for stores and the upper portion for dwell- among the poor at this season. Within a few days past, no lees than four echoonors, loaded with herring,CHi.dicafes must and will stand npon tbe olat'orm ofSlavery agitation—a mere abst*acti n—and neither is teristics that the virus of the recent legislative coatestin about 2,000 barrels, each contaiaiog 2 cwt., or about Ward which they aro unwilling to eubmit to calmly. 650 herrings, being a total of 1,300,000 herricga. They Undoubtedly, tha pupils rejoice at the event, nud lovoto themselves to kite-fljiug, ball-playing, and other child-entitVd to the respect and confidence of the friends of thijB Union. We cannot tell, in advance, who will be nenvibated by he R»,pnblicaus at Chicago, or the Dem-ocrats at Charleston. Tbe preemption is, howevc, that Seward and Douglas will be the nominees We eannct «-un*enance Seward, because he is aecouadr-d, and avewa it- We cannot countenaoce Douglas, be- eause be h a scoundrel, and deniesic We believe the Union, conservative men, North and South, will run a better and moTe safe ticket tuan either of these parties named, awl we expect to support that fccket. If we are not r*ow understood, it is not becaDse we s*ek to <ih guise oar position, but Ixjcnase we have not sense enough to Bet forth our ideas, nor language to ex.pre««jthem."—Gen. Henry D. Foster, the Democratic nomineewas owing. Mr. Stevens's plans being fiercely re- sisted w e e more fiercely pressed in consequence, and het-ce tbe excitement here and throughout the State.When the New-Jersey Railroad, from New-Bruns- wick to Jersey City, was chartered, some 20 years a^o, it was evident that it would nearly ruin tae ferry at Hi boken, owned by Mr. Stevens.- * He therefore in- sisted on a section being inserted in the charter author- ising tbe construction of a raUroad from Newark to Hoboken. But in place of building that short road of some n'ne miles long, the New Jersoy Company agreed to pav Mr. Steven* $l8,C00 per annum as an equiva- lent for the injuiy done to his ferries at'Hoboken. TaeCt*mpai>y having notiBed him that they would no longer pay this tax, he applied to the Legislature for au'hority to build the rotm himself. Now, in 1790 a monopoly was granted to a corporation authorizing theval they brought from $3 to $3 50. At Fortuue B ty they cot.t 7 abildngs, British currency, per barrel. Iu our market they aro retailed at 25 centa per dozen. At thia price tho four schooler loads cost the people who aie observing Lent, the aum of $27,083 25. The her- rirgfibhcrie8 on the west coast of Newfeandland are nearly used up. These of Labrador, which were wont to yield a goodly supply, now scarcely rep2,y the effort and the rule. Hartby a Winter p a w a by, bat several vestola of the fleet get Bmashod in the iceby tbe death of the respected Janitor. The teacuers, we preaume, rejoice in the relief afforded them, at the expense of tho indignant community. .Toe Board of Education should investigate the matter thoroughly, and hold to a strict accoant the mourning Trustees of thoTwenty-eecend Ward.••THE FATAL STEAM-GUN EXPLOSION.To tin Editor of The A". Y. Tribu.xt.SIR: In your paper of thia dite ia publishedSan arti- cle bonded " T en ib'e Death,'' wnich relates to tho uccUtcot resulting in «he death at my orotbat-in-Uw, w u l . y. A u„n , ««q. 'I he anicl-o '.*incorrect in m*Dy p^riiciliU-i-. Tho fact* are thrae: Mr. Alieu'Attn ibterati-ed, with « i w Rentlemen, la &Comp*i»y ttiaijulactariag from tiisrouH \von<l«, tn*(#ri«ii« b^ iao«Od of elvaixi- JJUHH, whiuh tae.y funrjinhod to tftooo manufacturing oaper. <** tjttiurdnj, March ", 1 *3o"0, ho lefi txU rosiieuc*. No. ii E«w Trt'oa- ty-fourta street, li? tbi» city, OA.1Tin the mormeg, aud wont to >> i/.abwtbpoit, ^ New-Jorsoy, where the operatiou* of the Coai- pQtij uro c«rrica on, for tha purpose or exa niniag iii'.^ tht> pro:;re.ui m»do and attending to busiues* cous.CCt»^a vritU tb« affairs of the couccvo. l*e iijid just arrived tn«»r<s, and, wUU* posting in the w a ; of .th« guii, which w»s longed w^thc-uie, a. bolt hold'ug the «aJvo in itn place brcif, and th* conioat* <**r& tbio-wn fioui the. juu, stiikLag Mr. Allen ausi killing aiai (n»tant- ly. 3isremain*, on Sunduj mortiiut, tbo 4th !u»t.. wor« broiurW to hia reiijcDco^ No. 43 Erwt Twontjr-'ourtb Htnwt, in.tlii.< city,for Governor of Pennsylvania, has been si£gularly.un- exc'n^v.e right of building bridges over the Passaicruilroad ia in worku/g order. Since Jan. 1. aboutthe Park from tbe East River, the change, if aay, ia thiity bui'ding permits have been granted by the a month, and engaged for a terrnof yoaro, duringforttwiate in his efforts to obtain public office. He ran for Canal Commissioner in 1846, aod was defeated by Jamce M- Povter^ the Whig candidatft, by nearly nine thousand msjori'y. In lS-OK, and aguio in 1867, he turned up as a candidate for tbe United States Senate, but was defeased in ouo case by Senator Biglf.r, and in d:e other by John W. Forney. In 1853, Gen. Foster ran for Congress in his district, which i-> strongly Democratic, and was defeated by John Covode to the tune of eleven hundred.lh'» monopoly grant was purchased by the Nevv-Jer-. sey R. ilrqad Company, wboconteudod that it estopped Mr, Stevens aud all others from bridging those rivers. and on this pomt the controversy waxed the fiercest. Mr. SfeveEB claimed the right e i t h e ' t o build bridges for bimxelf, or tbe alternative of usiug for his road tho bridges already used by the trains of the New-Jersey Com] any. It in unnecessary to recite the copious and cogent arguments adduced on both sides. Much vilu p*ration was indulged in by both parties, and an amount of bad blood engendered between parties who hud btfu friend** of many years' standing, which willnever be forgotten. It is known that Mr Stevens tri- in accordance with owners' expectations. The neigh- umphed, carrying his bill through the Legislature bymajorities tbat astonished us all. The project of one borhood of the Five Points, however, ia looking up, company being anthorized by law to take the property pursuant io the tearing down and cleaning-out processesof a rival company, it was thought impossible to car- there going on. As an instance of the worta of Broad-ing from 'IO to 100 veasele. The crowa ore hired at $12 Street Commissioner.- Some of these per aits are for which time it is aaid tbey fare hard under their cap-— The Knoxvilleern Democray: •" They frhowcity—none in eligible neighborhoods. Rents will re- main about the same a» last year,, landlords being satis- fied with good tenents for what they now pay in pref- erence to running the risk of obtaining poor ones. Where persona move there will be a Blight advance, owing to the prospect of increased taxes. Three-story and baacment frame houses in the thickly-populated Wards rent for from $350 to $500 per annum. They are ocenpied by two and often three families each. Large brick or brown-fltonc-fi-ont-imitution dwellings in such btrceis ae Wiiloughby, Laurence street*, near Ful- ton avenue, &.e, being from $400 to $600, and even $900. In tbe outskirts, rents are somewhat cheaper, cottage houses bring $275 and upward, according to location.Dwellings enitablc for two families can bo obtained for $300, and sometimes for a le*asum, depondiog upon their proximity to the railroads, which now run in almost every direction to tbe city lines. Should the ferriage^be reduced to ono cent, the tendoncy will be to iDcreaee rente, in anticipation of a greator demand for itnementa; but if the ferriage remahnr at two cents, rents will, in all probability, stand about the same asCodfiah, 6c. a K; eels, from 10 to 12c. a lb; stripedhasp, 12 to 15c. a lb; halibut, 10c. a its haddock, 5c.O. G. ii.G.cd-charged w i t i bavii.j; wioleu aevtu coi'o suid olov«c pair* of p*n"u» from Lewii 8. Broan i^ Co. Brown 4* Co. aro elotuiera. dobag l>ur,ix;eB«i el Nu. 31 'Chambers it.oet, aad tcoy a'V'g* tu*t tbo » j - custd an<i t»vo othor boy* au.vo, at VWIOUN t(uic«, como iuto taeRegisterdiciary Department** of thin Government, but to thrust down our throats the mr*t obnoxious of all Northernt o tand foot, to seize the'Legislative, Executive, and Ju-a Hi; flounders, 5c. a &; mackerel, 12c, a lb.; black-fish, 8c. a Us pickerel, % » IU; pike, 10c. a lb; aey. aged IS jeon», waa arro»tod yeyterday b/ Det^^ctlye S'o>rey.only adispositionto bindus handnas, they have gone down into the tomb of toe old Whig party, robbed the carcass of its grav>-^lothe.-), to enrich their candidate; in other word*, have stolen the principles of that party, and aro seeking to engraftthem on the Deaocratic creed."^ Douglas delegation to Charleston has beenelected in g u m p t i o n , La., the largest sugar and blare parish in that State. Resolutions expressing confi- dence in Mr. Taylor, their representative in Congress, were adopted.—Tie Chadeston Convention will vote by States, each State pasting as many votes as in the electoral college; bet by a resoiuuon adopted at Cincinnati, theConventiod^ will be composed''of twice as many del- egates as voters. Classified into Free and Slave State*, tbe former will send 366 against 240 from the latt»r. Beside tbe«e, the members of tbe National Democratic Executive Committee have seats on the fioor of the ConvectioD, but no votes. They are 33 in number.way lots near Canal ttroet, we vuiy- stats that the triple lot on the north-east corner of Broadway and White street, extending 200 feet on the latter street, wa* recently purchased for $250,000 by Messrs. Mat- thew Morgan and Samuel D. Babcock, Wail-street broken*.herrings, 25c. a dozen; oysters, 62£c. to $5a hundred; aaJosrOvca and cariicd of tb< abovo good* valued at $ 100. Ood- noy conf*t<8ed tb<^ theft, and wo* hoid to aoawor. Mo*t of tkothus speaks of the North-Sforeover, it is cuntomary to arfihit distinguished mem th'S conteet. It is quite certain that no Buch Bconos have been witnessed here for many years.ner of Prince street and Broadway.twenty-one years, and is equivalent to $20,000 per annum—$5,000 being paid for the rent of an inside lot alone.Nolongtimec3nelapsebeforetheprivateresidences of Fouru eii'h street ai d Union square must give place to elegant stores and public buildings. The movement is conioiuicing already. The latest fact affecting it is that Messrs. J. M. Trimble & Co., the well-knownast ycak Some very fine houses, erected last Summer,in Myrtle avenue, rent for $600—the lowor floor, forstores, $k250,• and the upoer portions, provided with all come exceedingly literary since his arrival in the old ihe modern improvements, for $350.fAdvertiaement.]GOURAUD'S POUDRB SUBTII VUproot, hair from low forehead,, uprx-r lip* - ln» » * «r »Kbers of the party to the fioor of the house as a courtesy; so that the Convention will be composed of about 6o0 members.—Onthe28<hof January,died at Munich, in her 8-lth year, the widow of Jean Paul Richter. She married Jean Paul'in 1801, and was left a widow by him in 1825. The only MM»of thi-5 raurr'ug-; (a daugh- ter, the wife of Dr. Ernest Pester, livrs uf, Munich)aied mkerably at Heidelberg, where he studied.Their lease ia forcountry.• Heenan is eaid to have settled quietly down in aP o r Br \?*y- Warranted. 8/ per bottle. tf7 W*ik£-T?£~right* which ought in one case to be granted to him,NEW-YORK DAILY TRIBUNE, FRIDAY, MARCH 9, I860.except in the First Ward, has undergone liitlo change. In tbat Ward, however, sabs are excessively dull, and there is a marked falling off in the value of even tha most debirubie localities. Even in Wall street the stagnation is felt; property there w i l not command its last j ear's price; the feeling is that i'8 climax of valu- ation is already passed, and that "Wall street will have to comelurther UJtown." On Broadway, be ow Wall street, the decrease cf value is also apparent. No. 82 Broadway, occupied by tbe United States Express Company, rented for $14,500 uutil within a year, but now rente for $S,000 only ! The building ia live stories high, and rnna through to New street.Property on the west side of Broadway, between Courtlandt and Chamber? streets, exhibit* a large do- crease in value—the magnificent stores, erected there within the lujot decade, renting for 30 per cent less thau they brought three yea s ago. On the streets leading toaid Hackcnsack, two Rtreaais which Mr. Stev»na mustcrc;?H to enable him to get from Newark to Hoboken. for the better. East Broadway exhibits no recoveryhave arrived in this port from-the coast of Newfound- Trupteee of theae schools, waa never heard ot be?brr,tion mutt be had before the controversy is decided.dame, 50c. to $1 a hundred; scollops, $150 per gillon; lobBtcis, 6c. a To; green turtle, 12 to 15o. a Hi; torra- p.inp, $8 to $12 a dozen; salt salmon, 1.2£c. a lb; dry codfish, 5 to 6c. a lb; smoked salmon, irt)c. a lb.KCod» v/ore recovered from second uaud clotting atoroa in r&ci- ous part6of the oity.Our Legislature has again become a by-word of re-proach in contequence of the means aud appliancesund by both ihe contestants to carry their respectivemeasures. Headquarters were opened by both at ourprincipal hotele, w'here free dinners, free suppers, andJree drinks, were all tbe time in the a-iceiuUut. Moneyand champagne flowed like water, and every one wasfree to eat and drink. The vultures of the lobby cap firm, for a term of years, at $10,000 per auuum. gathered from all quarters of the State, crowded theEEAL E.STi»TK. -The fmlo wing alios were made vee- terday by Adrian tf. Mrgalleries, and overflowed into the floor of boti House aid Senate. Members known to bo hostile to thid or that view of the case, changed their opinions in a single ni>ht, and next day votad directly coetrary to their former pledges. Miraculous revolutions of opinion were continually witnesbed. One member declared in his teat that money had been offered to him to vote for Mr. Ste-vena's till, whereupon another got up and said tbat $3 000 had b*en offered! him to vote the other way. It was clear to all of us that great sums were used by both parties to influence legu-iation. My own opinion is tbat not less than $100,000 have changed owners onThis is 10 per cent on a sum more; than double the cost of the original.purchase, the rear extension, and other improvements made by them during their ten years' occupbiicy of the premises. It is stated that, having eince had occasion to regret the proposed change in tbeir locality, the Appletone, by the offer of a bonus of $50,000, could not tempt the lessees to cancel the lease.Between Canal street and Union square, Broadway property continues to increase in value. Messrs. Ball, Black &. Co. pay a very heavy ground-reni for the lots on which their beautiful marble store is going up, cor-HEEN AN AN n SA YEKS.—As the time approaches forthe contest for the championship between those notedpugilists, every item regarding their movements iseagerly sought for. The print- shops aud no wB-doalera' ("pninUkbaric^ of Oi cor stands are ornamented with colored pictures of bothmen, stripped to tighting:co8tume aod showing them inYet it iu probable these humiliat ons will be re- peated befoie the session closes. Two other railroad bill* ate to come up, one for a road from New-Bruns- wick to Pemberton, a little village on the direct road to Camden, some six'een miles from the latter. Thia lookstoanother thorough'are across the State. But though .ts friends in the Houee are sanguine of its LbtsHtiv, yet it will be hotly opposed and cannot bo got through the Senate this jevr. That body is whollyThomas M. Tryniski 309 South 4th Street Fulton New York 13069WJ.La.lAMSBUu.ai!.IntheEiistem District, the leuding Improvements house ooaupied by himself and hia trainers, and isu " * Brooklyn; BATHS, Boaton; ^AULK^KK^huSeTphg"- H A T SDemocratic and will not favor the project,ci-ent*-foreshadow a t other anti-monopolyin the State. The xaatterings of tho combg btonn are buildere, are togotiatjng for the lcaae of some propertytbeir owneia. In the Sixteenth Word, some few build- it is expected that each man will step into the ring asings, are in progrefa; but improvements in thia War! fine a specimen of muscular development as can beand the Eighteenth aro greatly retarded by tho number produced in any country. They have both selectedihof-e in- exoitomonti>"SXXUVwenow<uod,v„;v'r ,'," '«WHITHK TBIBCNK translates from the Japan correapondenc ofbouses on the favori'e cross streets, above Gracethe interests of property-owners and the eiozena of the have taken place during the latter part of F. Bn'gb generally sha'l go on improvrog as they have, and from tb*m he would doubtless learn ma/iybfart, at the age of 72 years. He was formerly Judgeof tbe Common Pleas Court, and afterward Governor the Imperial palace on the 12th ihsL Tou know how Weft-ru collections come in slb-wly this Spring, and they continue the Peck-slip Ferry, aod issue comoauta- • battlr., whatever miy be its result, Sayers will runTbe great event of the week is tbe fire which burned uo expensive establishments for their own abode. to the ruinous position in which he founl tbeax. If j It is plated in a London paper, that after the c*rc rof Maine for two or three jears subsequent to 1830. anxionh.tbe Japanese aro to evade a treaty obligation the late crisii has taught New-York business ia,en not tion-»ickot.s all will be well; bu'. otherwi<o the'0 wi'l —Mr. Edmund Roffin of Virginia has procured fif- of exchanging i'zibons for dollars. Day before yester- to live beyond tbeir means. On Fifth avenue, also, bo a good-many houses to let after the first oi Maythis country, some enterprising individual, so rumor has it, having engaged birn for a,number of mouth*, U come hero and give sparring exbibrtiona. He iateen of Capt. Brown's pikes, and proposes to send one day, tte GovemoiB cf Kanagawa eent the foreign con- lelotc Twenty-thud street, proporty shows an evident EAST NEW-YORK.to ench of the fifie* n Slave States. Each pike U to suls a chcular, stating that tbe Imperial Palace having falling off, It is said to be difficult to realize on the This tbriviDg little village, sitaatod raidwvjr be- guaranteed a librral salary an-i hia expenses.he^r this inscription:" Sample of tba favors designed for us by our Northern Breth- ren:" Out of tbla ue'tle, Danger, we pluck the flower, Saroty."been destroyed, it would be impossible to coatiaus the exchange. Just as if, in consequence of a fi*e iu tiesplendid houses in that locality, except at ratnous tween Williamsburgh and Jamaica, Long Uaud, andprinciple* and j^olicy were identified with theirs, an 1 to chart* r iue of the new steamer s of the Biltimore Under the »pp<'ar».nce of. stupidity th«y are fu'l of months.New-York ia five miles, forty-five minutes, and five Thiitj-sixih street, in bh+aflidavit eta'es that he u a 1jnan—a casdid&to for Governor of a subbrd nate 3. ue•^•-they cannot support, from tneiact thit those very cidents of Tennj son 8 poem for which he was paid ten•• How will it be," at-k the Japanese, " when there are property and (Jomihgto New-York to buy "Central manner iu'wHcb tho teachings of the Goaoel are dis- long waiihog for tbeir money. Of course their appear- seminated throughout the land, and to report thoreoo. ance was quite accidental. Seeing Gorion pocketingday for board during the session of the Convention! —Androw Jsckson wri es to the Governor of Ten-Yesterday be received from O. B. Tweed & Co., through their bookkeeper,i>fss*e, to soy that it was the dying request of hi*a*htr tha*. his remains and thoee of his wife should be does not. pay to complain to them.more agreeable and natural undertaking; but there is Seminary celebrated its twenty-ae'eond anuiversa- was in the act Of put'iug the money into his pocket, no property preBt'.edfor sale; holderB are very firm io ry on Wednesday evening, at ho Thirteemth-cermilted to rest in peace at t i e Hermitage. Mr.utmost etiquette. Although the foreigners here are to fchew an advance above tbe prices of latt FdLL It is a organized by tho students of the University, aud Mary Dalrymplo, Mary T. rvfor-on, Josephine Mar-A CURIOUS CASS or LTNCH OAw.—Jmtice Quack- Tui'erieB, the Bank of France should refuse to redeon ward; jjnd on Madison avenue in tbe neighboraood of road from Peck-.slip Ferry, is being rapidly built up. It I erjbo.*h \eeterday issued a warrant for the arrast of athis case 'will form no exception to tee rale.But tkc otter incompatibility of the " Gonservati VQ3iep\iblican" doctrine is bcrcr anown by the vie fatbev hTow on' the impending Pre-.denial ooute*t.Tbey say that whoever may be the nominee of theChicago"Convention, htm tbey will support. SeverUgentlemen, who, to say the least, staud *a fivora >le achance of obtaining that Domm»'Joa aa aay others,avow the gam* principle* aod support the same view*aadoesS>tb Paoelford, so that it leaves them in the«arioQ8 a&d sonewhat ridiculous predicament of sup- Jackson, therefore, protes s against the act of the porting for the office of President of the United S aea Legislature for tbeir removal.a man wline principles, when adopted r>v another — 7 he Mobile Tribune amosingly checks off the in- inflexible haughtiness, and make no concession to fear. and other westward towns are selling their Western missionary labor. It also designs to- inveefigate toecoal-maker, and makes np g-itmen * for clothiera. He has in his employ a number of >ewio< gbls. whom beline for the trip It is understood that the Charleston cunniig; and as Goethe says: "Against stupidity hotel-keepers have resolved to charge seven dollars per '• the gods themselves are powerless." Tbe Japanese,But the great speculative interest of the to wn merges in the vacant lots bordering on the Central Park. At just thiij season there is not so much doing in up-town lots as when the weather renders a ride thereabou s acents dittance from tbe Peck-slip Ferries.liso^e Ialand in the rank* of the ultra RetrubUcin " itover us now; what will be dooe then?"- S )i»e Plans are on foot for the erection of a mammoth The exercises last evening consisted of some excellent so much cash, they though*, it no mo>*e than right thatpassage in which a wife asks her husband to forgive a singing by tbe choir, and four addreasea by students ho should piy lliMr Ikt.le bills. So th*y demande><5 the S*a*e* I Chit npon such sophiatiy ! Can nut the s >bt;r, man, costh $oo0, the husband rates his reply at $300, day a Japanese will resent an insult bj a mortal blow, hotel on the corner of Eighth avenue and Fifty-niath who are about to graduate. The first address wa»* byTtflective votsis of oar Sta'*> tee tha', t^aey aro beingnsed by designing menmerelva«tooJs to hal^t carry th? and the upshot of the whole matter is, that the goodand will find an asylum among friends equally desirous street. It would eeemasif a longtime must elapse tbe President of the Society. John B. Fa'rb-mk, jr., of money of him. He refnaed to pay. The^o were sev-to regj»iu the o'd independence. And then war!, <md bcfoio it c-?n rely upon a fall complement of gaeata. the heathen by miaaionaries, and stated that the field perweted iu bis refuHal to liquidate, tbey «eized hold ofthen Japan is so far away, and what do you in Paris Lots have bfen secured on Sovemy-eighth street, be- of labor was never so extended as at t»e p4esont time.care whether rhe red moon of the Japanese flag floats tween the Park and the North River, covericg an ex- China, Japan,and Africa, were calling loudly for moreover a city of 12,000 miles away, or the cross of Sf. tent cf 4C0 by 205 feet, by " Tbe Central Home Asso- expounders of the Word of Life, and the work of those bookkeeper, took the $86 87 from GoHoa'a U-.mi*. George ? Perhaps a free pott in French handd would ciation," on which they intend to speodily erect an earnest miVsionaries, who aie already there, ia being Then aH^rtat'ning the amouot^of each g;ri's b:H, hecrowned with success. The good work was flourish- p .id thi-same, aod took a receipt t'oerefor. Tie su-oa be an advantage to our commerce here. edifice capab'e of accommodating 500 families, who ing at home as well as abroad, and they hoard favor-election in ravor of u gt»ntleruHii who, >vh>4t»ver homay TU/K be called, a'ler t iKCtion will oo cljimod as a 3>. niocrat all oyer the Union. ;But I am encroaching upon yoar spaco. I will merely say taat Col. Spragae vra* never a Repnohcin, jBever voted the Kepubhoan ticket, covor wapportod the KepaWican Dominations in hi* l.fo, bu.. on tae contrary, was alway?, and al ways %vill be (unless he experiences a "change of bean"/, a bitter, nucompro- mifka oppoDentof Ropnhlican principles. His fnnnds dare cot ask h<m to deaob his position, lie .-t uul* &Sa Pemocrat and as.a " Couse/vative Kepu^li '-au," in company with the smartest m>m in th-. Deui'X'-raUc parly of the State (W. S. Burgee), and his friends are Mgging Republican v 0 ^ * to eitct bim .' IVollwe exola:ni, " Concisteccy, th^u art a jawel!" wiitxi viewing so tranfparcr.t a swindle.The REPUBLICANS of Rhode Island support SKTH PAl>2i,yoRi), &sd, although tbey 8ie workiuj; agnuist rfie largest and richest manaf*oturing hoa!<e ia Ne*-Ea-giaad, backed by the extiro " cjttou iulcreol" of the iitato, they mean to elect the man of thtir choi e.OMZ WHO CAST II13 FIR*T VOTE FOR. FREMONT.POLITICAL.— The Independent, in an a?tide on "Parties and "Candidatee," which concludes with the prediction that Mr. Seward will be nominated and elee'ed, h«s tbefollowing obaervatiOLS reepoctiug Judge Bites of M«frBouri:" Wo do not at all believe that Jnd^e B^tes will re-ceive the semination at Chicago for the office of Pres-ident; nor do we, on the whole, desire tbtt be oaould in eome circles in our city. be thus nominated. We are, therefore, the more freohim by the arms, and wlil« thus held, Mr. King, the•to say that we know him personally, as w>>>Uas by hisfublic rcpntatioo; and that there U no better idaa thia THE NEW-JERSEYfor houfit s Tl ere will not be, it ia thought, as much CONTEST. cause a palace has been burned, can ea&ily understand movmgonthe Fiistof May, as usual—poople not be- why the ceBuon of an island is demanded because a ing able to change without paying advanced price* forworr an sings tbe baby to sleep at a cost of $800 to the publishers of " Macuiillan's Magazine;" the husband condades to forgive his friend, now that he is dead; and then—all bands go to sleep! The entre poem of313lines cost about $15,000.—The Rev. Dr. W. R. Williams, of thia city, ia nowconmbuting a series of articles to The Examiner^ theh-aCing oryun of the Boptiet denomination in New-York, which, by their originality of thought, and atrik sular Agent, at Yoku-bama. The Japanese Govern-ing boldness of expression, have attracted much atten- tion. Tbey relate chiefly to important practical topics, viewed in the light of religious principle.—The daughter of a much-respected citizen (says The Louisville Democrat) married some two or three months ago quite a well-known member of the legal prolusion in our city. The honeymoon passed, we tuppoee, with them as it usually passes with wedded love. Tbe young wife was guy and fast, aud im- proved the opportunity to create many small bills,Low-priced Harlem and Upper Central Park lota subject of an address delivered by Oauford A. Edaonwhich the husband could pay at leisure.Not contentchapel to be built over the tomb of the Russians.with this privilege, and gay, withal, at homo audabroad, rumor says the young wife cultivated a loveMOVEMENTSIN REALESTATE.tion, and cor tracts have "been entered into for many The present condition of our various real-estate in- more duriDg the course of the seaeoii. It ia aa yet too8a'rificos. Bnt. from the Fifth-avenue Hotel, north- connected with the former place by the Bread vay But—Th<*Dtlegatea from Massachusetts to the Charles- its bills. The Japanese will, under tbis pretext, save, Murray Hill, " our best society" are rapidly enhancing already contains many pretry and some elegant man named King, bookkeeper in the clothing store of ton Democratic Convention, and such as propose to be perhaps, two or three weeks of the year during which He demand for and value of real estate. Certain lots, suburban residence, and others are going up ^ery O B Tweed & Co., NOB. 126 and .123 Dn-ane 8»ro«ti prtwnt at the meeting of that body, in April, are they a«e bound to mt>ke tbis exchange. I have spoken near Twenty-ninth street, on Fifth avenae, have risen fust." Renfs are low, and the neat cottages with thetr who is coarped with robbery and a***nlt and battery.termed " Democrat" never yel nominated a rtsuvlaru'-bearer unlew the leaders of the party knew that, txu ^TTH-I iTjg arran^cmf nta to go in a bo3y. It ia proooaed to you before of the masterly inactivity of this people. from $13,000 to $25,000 a-piece, within the lait six lit'le gardens firm charmiog country bom/»s. Etst Tbe complainant, Wm. Gordon^ of No. 180 Wertofficia's spend an immense amount of timo in listeoing to any complaints which we may bring; they are so luig indeed in affording our Consuls redress, that itW e Rie cistrusted and feared, but treated with tho their di'tBundp/ and it is thought that this Spring wi'f etrcefc Prmbvterian Church. Tbi« Soc:oty wa* there came into the Ptore fonr young wo-nen, nam«>dis designed to keep watch of the various m:s- rum and Catharine Kelly. Tbeee persons provi-wi to tbe natives only as 1 to 100,000, we all show tbe most noticeable fact that numbers of sj.eculators from Buffalo eionary movements, aud note the progretH male by be Gordon's unpaid sowing girls, who had been soNov 24, 1859 —I nave spoken to you of the murder wi 1be able to live as. isolated as in separate houses, able reports from the Lome uiinftiori'iries. Tho second tbns disbursed by King amounted to $38 50. What re-of tbe Russians and of the servant of the French Con-and yet enjoy the advantages of combination on an este-ntive scale.address was on " The Subjective Law of Self-Conse- cr«tiou," by James W. Strung of Beloit, Wis. " Ia the Church conscious- of her Mission ?' formed thement has given the Russian authorities the satisfactiondemanded in two points—a deputation of the highest have advanced from 25 to 50 per cent during the past of Scottfiville. H. W. BaUantine of Bloomioittoo,Ind., clceed tbe exercises with aa a4dron* entitled " A Mistake in Theory." T ae audience was exceed- ingly limited in numbers, probably on account of the unpleasant weather.OITY ITEMS.EOUTKS OF TRA VEL BETWEEN N E W YORK A*D AT;- BANT.—The success of the night expreea traina on the Harlem road baa been such during tho past season that the Company intend to continue them he eafterturough- out the year; so that, with the eteamboita and twodignitaries came on board the .Russian frigate Asciddand.made an apology for the accident, and the Gov-ernor of the town wt*8 deprived, of hia office. To thetlrrd demand^ which was that before the 24th of Sep-tember tho assassins should be executed, in prosqnee of largely advanced, and Eighth avenue rivals Fithforthe Rusrian authorities, on the phice of the murder,they reply that they will satisfy it as soon as they canfind the murderers. They undo/take also to protect a hundrod-and-twcnt.y-fifth/strcet, i-hew no advance, ex-cept on the borders of Harlem River, where, during Th-s would seem to be enough, but the Japanese the Winter, 500 lots found buyers at satisfactoryGovernment have gone further. For a long time the priceif.Ruseians have been tryiog to prevail on the Japaaese It is tbe opinion of many shro vd observers that Up- railroad lines, the traveling public will be pretty well fortunes. Rumor tays many strange things, and to cede to them tte southern half of the Great 3a ^halian town unimproved property is s'igbtly iafiated, and accommodated between tbis c;ty and the Capital.smong them tbat the wife has gone off after the actor. Is'and, of which Russia now has but the northern half. must fall off within a short time. Brokers of coursefor a well-known comedian, an 1 desired to share hisJapan had always refused before; but immediately do not pub'icly express themselves thus, bu; a clear-stand, filed a petition for a divorce. We do not give after the sesaesirjation of the two Russians a.coucession headed and prudent man among them prophecies a de- yesterday arrested, charged with having obtained, byGOING IT BLIND —Win. Cooper, aa Irishman, was tbe DfiKifs of the parties, though they aro well known was made. The murder of the Chioeso servant >f the crease of .twent)-five per cent during the next £hree fraud, the signature of Daniel Quinn, aa iudoraer to aThe husband, being a lawyer, has already, we under-,French Consular Agent gives us an opportunity to get an island also. Do not laugh at this, for the Govern- ment which refuses to keep its financial promises be-Tears.Rents are very firm this Spring, with a large demand Thirty-second street, alleges that, a abort time since,he was visited by Cooper, and requested to sign a pa- per. Being told that it was something that would ben- efit him, he unhesitatingly accommodated Cooper with bis autograph. Patrick Malone subsequently informed Quinn that he held Cooper's note for $li>0, which he (Quinr) had indorsed. The latter denied having put his name to any such document, aui immediately caused the arrest of Cooper, charging him with fraud. The accused was taken before Justice Quackenbuah, 8nd held for examination.and in the other which ought not to bo taken from rapid improvement of the Central Park have tretnen- «.m« of tbe principal thoroughfare?, now nearly com- morning handed us New-Orloana papers, broughtRAILROADyear. Five hundred lots in tbe region of the Park in Ninetieth street, worth from $500 to $1,500 a piece two j ears ago, now command $3,500. Lots in upper Lex- ington, Third, Sixth, and Seventh avenufis, are alsoprice?, np to One- hundred-and-tw<riftj-5fth-at.' Ninth, Tenth, Eleventh, and Twelfth avenues, beyond One-crease, in trade and wealth, of a great city—affords aninstructive study, from the very murked and significantchanges which are rating place. The laying,jonl? and ialended_for..dwellings, although, several .blocks on :QUICK TIME.—Adams a Expreaa Agent yesterdayhim. In this conflict of interests there arose a conflict dox;s1y in»reisj.d that northward impulse which the pleted, aro designed for stores and dwellings combined. of opinion amODg outsiders wbi ;h continues even now, growth of New-York received during the Crystal A fine block, of brick, two stories high, has beenthrough in 3|'days.'.'", » 'FISH,—Our subject ia ai least seasonable, if not savory. With the peculiar observauccs of feasts and festivals come the vicieeitudea of trade. After theafter the struggle oas been decided. I cannot under-take to reconcile them, being a mere looker-on, in no ment of the salient features of real-estate move- on land of tha Browne estate, which has been lying iuway a gainer or loter by the victory of one combatant or the discomfiture of the other. But. there arernci- dems of this memo able contest which may be interest- ing to the large ci:c]e of readers who have some lo -sements, itwill be seen how this impulse and other aa- an upToduciive state for many years. The lower floors alogous forces, have aflV,ctedthe value of property in will be occupied for mercantile purposes, and thedifferent sections of the city. second ttory for work-shops or offices. Another block With regal d to the activity of the real-estate business, will be erected on a portion of the same estate lyingjovialities of the holidays, when the fat of the landPalace excitement. F.om the following general state- eiected on the comer of Fulton and Pineapple 8treets,tbeir hands.Property in out-of-the-w8y down-town localities, ings. Some half dozen or more buildings have beenpay tho amount without deriving any benefit taere from. Such an unwarranted proceeding on the part of theTheAppleton Brothers recently leased their building, Nos. 3-16 and 318 Broadway, to a prominent hat andConsidering the largo sales of this great variety, itis at least acceptable to the fishmongers. So much for Lot an! building No. 4t9 Brcome ntreot, W.xlUfitjb. \Untitled DocumentUNIONTHEOLOGICALmSEMINARY.The Soiietv of Inquiry of the Union Theological the gum of $86 87 in payment for work. While heConcord, III. He spoke of the benefits conferred' on eral gentlemen in the store at tbe tirn^ aud as Gordonmained of the $86 87 was returned to Gordon, after which he was allowed to depart. Th* youig women were profuse in their acknowledg- ments of tbe aervioe rendered them by the g*a- tlemen, and also departed fr>m the- sc«ne. Subse- fjoe;.tly Gordon appeared before Justice Quackenbuah and desired the arrest of Mr. King for grano* larceoy, charging him with stewing the aum of $36 87. Fromhia own showing, the Magiatrate thought that Gorfon bad been aerved aa be deserved, and informed b;m that. he could grant no warrant on the char/e sp«C'fiod, ia- aprooch as the effence did not come under that head, but if be choo?o to charge highway robbery, or a<wa«ltrthe girl* the amount which they were p-id, bus lie was> not jet prepared to pay them. Tncre may have been a good dftal ofsubstantial justice in the courae paTeu:»d by Mr. King, and hia friends; but in'actingaathey did, they undoubtedly were guilty of a very grave offeaae, no leas, in fact, according to the atatute, than robbery in the firi-it degree, the lowest penalty for which h con finement in the State Prison for ten years.TWENTY*SECOND WARD SCHOOLS CLOSED—PECU- LIAR ACTION OK THE TRUSTEES.—On Saodiy evening last, Michael Riley, Janitor of Grammar School No. 51, of the Twenty-second Ward, died auddenly at his resi- dence. The following morning,, one of the School Truateos gave orders that the achool should be c'osecf for a whole week, out of reepect to hia meui9ry. Later in tbo.day, another of the Trustees, Mr. <HeEwen, or- dered the Fortieth-street Public School to be closed uutil Thursday morning, for the same reason. Subsequently all the Public Schoo-sof the Ward, sixinnumher, were oidered to be closed, from one to six daya, on ac- count of the deith of Mr. Riley. There are upvard of 3,500 children of both sexes and all ages attending* the varioua eck-oola of tbo Ward- and by this action on.the part of the Trustees, the whole number are turned furnished the fare, and. butchers and grocera waxed into tbe streets for several daya. Of course the parsntanote for $120. Quinn, who resiles at No. 264 Westeiected on tho same avenue for similar purposes. Atthe junction of Fulton and De Kalb avenues a veryfine block of brick buildings ia in proceea of comple-tion. These buildings are also intended for etores anddwelling*. In Flatbush and Atlantic avenuOB there are now aold at $2 50 per cwt., although on their arri- i&hepoits, withanenthuaidBmnoLinUieleaatdampenod arc indications of corning improvements.The railroad now in operation through Atlanticavenue has advanced the price of real estate in thatsection The rai'road in Flatbush avenue is not yet inworking order, and it is very likely that a long timewill elapse before that thoroughfare will be traversedby railroad carB, the principal difficulty being the al-tiiifilion of Ihe.grade, one portion of the avenue hav-ing been cut down eleven feet, and another portion isto bo filled up seven feet. An act in relation to the as-sessments i* now before the Legislature. No extende 1 while cruising in quest of herrings. It bos been cu8- building iir.provemcn.tB will be made here until thefrom the dulliices of past years; premises valued at whole,blockB of houses, and others for one, two, or$40 000, when built and occipied by wealthy Quakers, three, as the enso may be. Iu 1859, 250 permits wore reduced in productiveness; altogether it woud scorn as^0 years ago, can now be bought for a quarter of that sum.tains or tafckmaatera. The cod fisheries have duo been granted, the number iaoued up to this time last year though-there would be a Crisb, at no great distance inbeing about, the same aa for this year. Many build- the futare, to the fiehing business of Newfwnndland.While Broadway itself, from the Park to Canalstreet, shows no change since last Spring, property ha3£reaily improved in the tranBVerso streets, especially f^There are very few vacant tenement houses in the those which.have been widenod. West Broadwaj,New Bowery, and Canal street, have hardly advancedings are, however, eiected without permits, owing to- the neglect of the authorities to enfoice the ordinances.But the market presents other fieh than, the herringland, mostly from Fortune Bay. They have broughtand ia an indignity heaped upon the residents of thetomary for the fishormen to start out in fleets number-in great abundance. It may be well to meution aoruoof tbe varieties, and the pricea at which they are sold: •whence, on Mcaday la»t, tbev wet^'taJceu to Greenwood'or ia-Lot end building* No. 13a Du&ua street, xauniaz throughmuBt be conceded that the Lenten season of New-York to No 17Thoma«»Jreet.?.Nx;75 * * -^ Qnaheir " ficientific attitudes." Letters, purporting to como from the "Benicia Boy," are published in each weekly issue of tbe sporting papers. If these effusions are all genuine, the man of muscle has certainly be-84Vow*& WKXX.', NO. 306 B V S X S * *-ihave been on Bedford avenue, and in that vicinity., A steadily preparing himaelf for the fight. He has notlargonumberofiixht-classbrown-stonedwelling-houses yetmetSajore,butwilltakeoccasiontodososhortly.have heen erected—eomo t> rent, others for the use of The latter is undergoing a thorough training also, aud a/tieiel. a„,HMi«r to the WoroWr-bi'« w ?WbUCwd< Uiuodatono-holftbepice. ° * *'mMillions of Bottle, of Mrs. WINM.OW'S SOOTH-. •«.«*!«*uMiu«,tfaM»nyrounuouuj.~~ ,r-—-.-~ j w^w.,. AUOy uavo OOthselectedof unpaved streets, flaglcsa eidowalkfl, and stagnant theur "colors," Ueemia'a con^tof a rod grauud, ^ S ' ^ u d B ^ ' S i * 0 " ^ M S ? •oooew. S2uJruSS£[does liot alwa^ s pay promptly.After some heei ation, Gordon preferred, the latter charge, at.d Mr. King will be arrested tbia morning, and holdT to answer it. The complainant admita that he owedand'battery, he would entertain the complaint.lel-Uie'nt. No t,\a« clfo wm injured. Neto- 1'ork, March 8, 1J00.STKALIS';COA T>AND IXANTALO;>.VS.—Samuelilol'er: • Lot and OmldlngB No ^2 Whito alreet, JlOxrft? . . . . . .LotaudbuildinK.No. 417 Brcotne atroe.t. HxllS :.\" llonao and lot No. SO Woat Twoutv-third Btroet, 25xm &<1 ^^OM*S S S„ IAdvertisement 1S T R A N G E R S IN T H E C I T Y aud others can obtahkT ^..^ « lAd.vertiaement.)LONDON CLUB SAUCE.-Thia unrivaled Suuoe,mauu'acturod by PAUKHK 8H<W r/V«J -»»'«•»«..« w«iuiwk w,,u TU T uba- ^ l > « < » k - M iwai . r i i l iwww.fultonhistory.comk.;^?y.'v"'V ;uy,-;N.:'?&&smtmmmmm>i 