 * e r t t h * Ye*s> XT* 0*3*03 B» to ftstabo, "rfutio*r >*• • pi whfo-w *tbe pay, 'bOrized ' ' ':UJf» the • > "£"•$? . tM» - tatt ' t |is claim ntettM'" *<SP the do- .v'?r which«ry -VTAJF. | a'.si were wa* int- ra. H*>*\«feedata b»4 £hs Cot*-Vt^SSEM.••i. Which?. Treasary 1 the lateis* wa» $~HIGHLY M E M I M I I M E , i * * l e a i v e i y , o f t h e C b i e ? E x e c u t i v e o f t h e T e r r i t o r y anth.be wmmandits: General, we submit that we have no co&c*ro whatever, hor can we admit his right too f t h e G r a n d J u r y t o t h i s p r o c l a ^ o n , « ^ t h e c o a - " dition of affairs then existing legally considered.'e e t h n a t i o n o f o u r o f f i c i a l a c t i o n , i r e w a B n o t a t t h i s time complicate these emi—.—.—„ iiJgOTl^fliisconxmmdcaition. ' **»^ «. wi*the ^^g^sSiSSl&eS:^ C. B SINCLAIR, • - - •• Associate Jtwttcw V. 8. #apr«n»« Const, Utah Territory.- FIRES. : &^Sickles, i I tlar state- 1ar.d that i , sreafter;person reside on any island within the bounds of said city, the name thereof."it in the States, but the Territories are subject and sub-ordinate to the Government—they not being supreme Board of Registers shall meet in tbe City of New-Yorkopinion of Judge McLean in the case of the United States agt. Guthrie, reported in 17 Howard, 284; and we take Jrcm that opinion the following extracts to bhow the relation of independence which we Bustaiu toward the Governor:"It is aigned that, as the President is bound to see the laws faithfully executed, the power to rwnove unfaithful or incompe- tent officers is necessaiy. This may be admitted to be a legiti- mate argument, as commonly applied to Executive officers. My own view is, that the power to see that the laws are faithfully executed applies chiefly to the giving effect to the decisions of the Court*-when resisted by physical force. But. however strongly this may refer to the political officers of the Govern- ment, how can it applv to the Judicial office?" In the nature of "his office, the President must superintend the Executive department of the Government. But the Judi- ciary constitutes a coordinate branch of the Government, over which the President has no superintendence, and can exorcise no control. So far from this department being subject to the Executive, it may be called to pass on the legality of his acts. The President, like ail other officers of the Government, is sub-Yesterday morning about 6 o'clock a fire broke out in the stables belonging to the American Hotel, at Ja- maica. Before it was discovered, it had made consid-»ke teeti-r»and the on any of presented seated tostrange s*ott left f to Arail-of 1851. k-^ee that cserve a rained or at .bat it ilii'&a»on,0 set up i tha-h&w anterior•AUo stated he filed ao if ictro*- rj wouldnjxi,ibri&. Tire tiy, and »stead-o?Gilmer 1, which- chareod.for Mat money >pending: qjestica*s anJ> sue reeo—-'O, 1360. itor S^i- - )nd-Centire wae^ Ted libA»*eia-sr -what-* Legis- . ie que*-- laaxfest-I t i s . Senators *:* bill -ith the'* definite -1889. xvsaaioa.. s£ nnm-. ty votee-• II.,1*50.> I nth r a - tal Oe=b^, 13%. -Meeting usually»e polife- hingZIke VMS*. I t tion. bat >n -JOB-fid he reeai-di>y and ai--f and&:.iLaSr«*»atieCon- fcXoflfct, o paaaed-Hon..dnigbL ti» North £ th*7taVest., I860. few-York». I860. rriveS %o-.of troopa r. All-tue itant have But-u, and reotj-fire iiiij;ui f o *i A[like the States. The nation is supreme over them. Heis opposed to the extension of Slavery, and in his opin-ion the policy and spirit of the Government ought tobe aga;nst its extension. The Constitution does notcarry Shwerv intb the Territories, nor anywhere. Ittwo weeks preceding the day of the general or charter election in tnat city.The fourth section of the present law is amended by adding the following:" In the City of New-York, any person whose name is not en- tered on said list, and who cannot attend such meetings for re-spread t > the stables in the rear of Brisland's Hotel, in written Constitution. which was a valuable horse, the property of Mr. That view, however, seems to have been taken of Samuel Bavis. The stables and the horse were con-'-.-••;.?•is getting j&f i t<>wibeist. Mi«.***<f-|eex» xat*.|Oov«rnor ib3L The » Ittiadoori! • ' • -!M)i wy~STiioO.a'weeklyM-iiit, andb$ point ia'tiie wooa ' • <»; J360. i jn-mi citi- tp^| Sun,ridge, on "International L a w ; " Eugene Digger, on Comatoo Law;'' " J . A. Getesenhainer, on ''The,Higbw&y of Nations;" A; V.-Meeks, on " Insurance;" I. M. Palmer, on " Th* Obloquy of the Law; '* -0. F. Shaw, on " L a w of Mortgages;" J. S. Riker, on•The Advocate."The Valedictory Oration, » carefully-prepared onewa* cVivered by Ethan Allen.before or a rescue after arrest bad been attempted. that he has faithfully obeyed those instructions. Now in the cellar. Recently men were engaged to clear The advices relating to the same affair forwarded byrants have been, issued, including those who partici- his health, will not allow him to pay proper attention•.mIr• SB i*tp• Fire*.Mi*.WACXW:,. Tuesday, March 20, I860.4 fire broke out at 12 o'clock to-day on the corner of*..*'..*.* * * * *'• But, it is urged, did not the people of Utah arm themselves against the authority of the Government? We a^ain say. No! "In respect to the Attorney for the Territory, the At- torney-General remarks:that effect will rective tbe prompt attention of the President."•bis acts, that he has lost our confidence in his wiUiDg-ness and ability to discharge properly and firmly theduties of a public prosecutor in this Territory. ludeed,the Christians and Apostles from the Church, whom mals will be given in the market reports to-mOrrOW. the Mormons here opprobriously call Gentiles, will not''•*'<&' •'"'""The G«r.eral furnished under his instructions, theli of No. 49 being uninjured, a new building was erected in his efforts to arrest, and the troops were so posted troops sent to Provo. and kept them there aga.ust the ance is that the Church authorities may deliver up. the reason for this step, that his laborious professional.boneHwere carefully gathered up and taken to the Tenth Ward Station- House, and await examination by the Coroner. On Saturday, the 18th of Becembcr,his custody, und by him delivered to the guard, tie. employed, on his own summons, the military guard- houses of the camp as a prison.• .. , « • - . , and it would be a painful and ciuel ordeal to require officers to confine iue:r actions to so rigid an interpretation of language, the effects of which are to be subject to the scrutiny ofp.-ASSEMBL Y .Tbe morning session was occupied in the third read-Hon. J. S. Black, Attorney-General for the United StateB, under date of 17th May, conveying an answeriBoston, and Wm. Bradatroet and Nathaniel Kimball of Gardiner. The loss is entimated at $75,000.THE UtfJVEKSrrr L A W SCHOOL.—The Commence- ment of tee Law Bepartment of the New-York Uni- versity was celebrated last evening, at the Uni versity Chap*-1, in the presence ol' a large audience of 1 idiesBISCOVERT OK BONKS.—Last evening, as somethe prisoners were delivered over to tbe Marshal asmilitary person are not, as a rule, to be restricted to asmd in no instance has he been denied appearance, or!tK| jl!l to!JW*Hfr* **y ^•*j^'*^ * *j'H' ^>-»y^« ^»' -«.'.»*-:- -'.'w MWDw,y&»¥#,e»iv wyw •»••<•..• '•; W-W» -. •••.•• 4 •v ^ - ' ^;/r -'^- '••"•••• ' - ' ^ESMt .m&*mm& m•: 1-.;;:-K.'c •r{ir;social relation—a domestic institution. It exists by lo-cal bvw. The Federal Government has no control over.'••.uade a very powerful and eloquent speech, in favor of i change oi venue, but it was refused.in Avenue C. at Fourth street, and running thence by single track to Third street, Lewis street. Grand street to Grand-street Ferry; thence through Grand street to Goerek; thence to Third; thence to Lewis; thence to Fourth street and Avenue C; thence with double track through Avenue C to Ninth street; thenceoperation wculd overturn all our established notions of the private papers of the Judge into the hands of a2,200 bead yarded, there will be a pretty fair portion•• »Lo»s of tine Propeller Sofia.taining the private and uncorrected charge of the Judge was mild, with rain in prospect. W e have nstseen House; they were encamped near' and on on6 side of peror, whese will would be law and whose character to the Grand Jury) were published^, the morning after the drovers wear such smiling faces for a long time as, : : , ^$»MS$M aft ? NEW-YORK DAILY TRIBUNE, ;WEIMESDAY, -MARCHVWjv.-...' ';$;*was adopted.»f the steamers, when the boat was fired npon tvrfee;whereapin the Saratoga iired a broadt'de into theQen. Mkamon, and the action became general. Bothsteamers now hokted the Spanish flag, and after aaprrited engagement Marin oarrei-.dered, and, with moatof hiaWn, was taken prisoner. The American loas isbat rbrto wonnded, one of whom is mortally. TheGENERAL BLACK.GREAT SALT LAKE Crrv, U. T., July 16,1859.SIR: W e have received a communication from thettnied to take cognizance of the Administrative policy. The inetructions to each emanated from the Lxecu- tive? through different channels only, contain his di-MAN BURNKD.' ic"ea that his intervention arrested the action of theJudge and conformed it to the views of the Administra-tion: Nothing can be further from the fact. . The At-torney could never have gone before the Grand J u r ywithout the consent of the Judge, for no principle isbetter settled khan that the Grand Jury M exclusively- store of Morton being on the corner of Greenwich andunder the control of the Court. And by reference Barclay streets. From appearance, the fire originated to the remarks made by the Attorney to the Grand in tbe corner store, which Morisett says had been•;,-.>-- apj*^X U e C a p t u r e o l i i a e S i p a i a i ^ i i - W e x i - J O T - Y O R K L E f t l S L A T D B E."^f, .can Vc*«el»»Grentnd lays down as applicable to theiustractipns, 1 garded, and Ihe JudgVdis^ctTTj»nedthe'attention United States, arid* are' calculated to injure tw in theirSENA TE.... AiBiMfT. March 20, I860. Mr. HAMMOND introduced a hill to incorporate E. MiTsoMon oonprroecccd th* siege of Vera Cm/, on ^the C. Sanderion, Ahram Brown, and ten others as a com-The Supreme Court of the United States, in the case of the United States agt. Wilson, 7 Peters, 150/fuHy President Bitclianan OverSaatile^ Nt ither *cf• us had ever seen either eet of instructions quoted by the Judge in his charge, has laid down theKIW-ORJUEASS, Tuesday, March 20, 1800. 5th ixat. On the 6th two steamer** appeared before theriXy and iefn«.d to show their colors. Coat. «Taf vi*, therefbrfi^oidered the Sa-ato^a, witb detachwen's from the Savannah and Preble on tne steamers Itdiano.aiefd us axy lecture upon them.bv thoIttdianoU.approacaedtbe*, they ta*d.to e ^ p e ,bat were too late. Capt- ^ ' ^ then 8ent usoat with a flag to demand tha nauonahty New-York and Erie Railroad, and to extend MadieonLast nigbf, about 8 o'clock, a fire broke out in tbe m grocery store of J. Morton, No. 233 Greenwich street,and thence extended to another crockery store adjoin-ing, kept by C. Morisett. Both stores are in tbe same building, aud are separated by a wooden partition, the , •--klexion * wonoded.oes w" fif'^en killed and twenty to thiuyin Brooklyn and Newtown.To amend the Charter of the Youatt Lyceum.To prevent the fraudulent sale of passenger ticketsMorieett further says that the first intimation he had of the fire was the bursting through the partition of » strong body of flames. At the time he was engaged » selling some goods, and was ready to shut up shop a* goon as the customers went away, his shutters having been dosed. A man named John LarasheO, who WM occasionally engaged iu the corner store, happening in tbe neighborhood, rushed into Morisetl's store, andwbi'e attempting to extingaish tbe fl-tmes his clothes took fire, burning bim so badly that his life is-despaired of. He was taken to the Hospital. It was said that Laraehell had some highly inflammable material about bis person, and the officer who removed him-to the Hospital said that his boots appeared wet with cam- Ehene. Morisett is rosured for $>.,000 in the Williams-urgh City Insurance Co., and Morton for $5^000 ia oitv companies.Miranu-n paid $55,000 for the two steamere.Marin's gleamers passed by all the foreign squadrons md the Castle without hoitting a flag, although ordered &do so by a shot from the Castle, and other signals. I * Kngrish, French, and Spanish vessels' of war didot netice the fact.The'engagement took place by moonlight.The prisorers corroborate the report m relation tothe steamers, that they cleared from Havana a«» mer- chantmen, and hoi&ted the Mexican flag only after theyeft that port; and subsequently mounted six guns.Letter of tbe Hon. Edward Bates.on steamships and other vessels.To amend the act authorizing the formation of Townai/d a ll requisition," was not take». We are still un- able to perceive any distiirction, and conclude that the inttructions were given to place material assistance at the disposal of the Courts, to aid them in the perform- ance of their duties. If the original instructions did justify the giving aid to the Judiciary, and keepiug it at Provo against the Governor's remonstrance, we do not perceive why any modification of the General's instructions was necessary, nor why the proper rule of construction was not laid down, "and corresponding action ordered. But this is a matter with which the\fflmST. LOUTS, Tuesday, March 20,3860.The Hon Edward Bates has addressed a letter to • Mr. Maniene has introduced a bill into the Senate togeneral honor and interests ot the country.We are in no wise subject to animadversions on our judicial conduct by the Attorney-General, nor to admo- nitions from any quarter. Our communication, how- ever; has been made the basis for a reply embracing an opinion upon the matters involved both in their judi- cial and military relations, and we are informed, that our letter had been carefully considered, as well as"action, we refer to the statements made in our loiter of the 7th of Apnjl last, and " other advices relating to the same affair" on file in the War Bepartment.Judges are presumed to knew whether their Courts needed aid better than those who have no concern in the administration of justice. The Court thought and still thinks the exigency justified the employment of the troops. The Governor, who came upon the spot and "made inquiries" of the very men whose crimes were being disclosed, became convinced to the con- trary. We think it was a matter with which he hadfacts wliich, if true? constituted the crime of treason. The Judge could judicially know nothing of these facts, and considered it his duty, according to the rules laid, down in Wilson's case, to call the attention of the Grand Jury to the subject. What then 7 The Bis- trict-Attorney stated that it was not the desire of the Government to compel the pleading of the pardon.If the decision of the Supreme Court is law, he (the Judge) stands justified; but whether he is or not, it is not for the Attorney-General in a letter to the prose- cuting attorney Of his Court to indulge in strictures uponnis judicial conduct.Eire-Max shal-Baker an opportunity of investigating the matter. The matter, as to the origin of the fire, ia enveloped in mystery, but strong suspicions are enter- tained that it was the work of an incendiary.TIKE IK KAST THIRTEENTH STREET.At 111 o'clock last niaht, a fire broke out iu a frame stable rear of No. 268~-East Thirteenth street, and before the flames could be subdued the building'was nearly destroyed. It was owned and occupied by Owen Bagley. A frame dwelling house iu the rear of No. 247 East Twelfth street was slightly damaged. The origin of the fire is unknown, but ia supposed to have been the work of an incendiary. Total damage about $500.FIRE AT JAMAICA, L. L.'he Missouri delegates ' to the Chicago Convention in amend the Registry law of last session, which provides Ac«*deaay H •eply to interrogatories propounded to him by them. that the Inrpectors of Election in each Election Dis- endaaeni, It will appear in The Democrat to-morrow. The - trict of the City of New-York shall constitute a Board ti3^"K.te4Cher Com-ew-M*nc- at to call tbe azp- «d to t i ee:+oIatiosa requiring':*#aoampointsof it are as follows: He has no new opin- ions upon the subject of the extension of Slavery, and has formed none with reference to the present array ofparties. He is coeval witi the Missouri question of 1820; h e formed his opinions then, and has not changed them since. At the tune of the Revolution and longof. Registry for such Bistrict, instead of the Board as now authorized to be appointed by the Board of Su- pervisors. 'The second section of the law of 1859 is amended bythe addition of the following:" In the City of New-York the names of the persons registered shall be arranged according to their residences by < streets and" all other advices relating toithe same affair." Cop-ies of the document were inclosed to the Governor andBistrict-Attorney, and it has been extensively pub-lished throughout the country. A letter of the samedate, to the Attorney, we find in The Constitution of eiar's instructions were utmodified, and the Judiciary the llth June, conveying to him certain instructionsafter, Siaverv was regarded as an.evil, but temporaryin its nature/and likely-to disappear in the course of nlimbers, instead of alphabetically according to their surnames. time. Yet while it continued it was a misfortune If ther«- be no street number to the residence of any such person," n o eort of official connection," so long as the~Gen-The results of the conference of the Peace Com-missioners with the Mormon authorities were factsunknown to the Judge, nor had they been publiclyprohmlged. He did not suppose that, with a FederalGovernor present, they had made a treaty or a diplo-matic adjustment which closed the doors of the Courtsagainst all inqmry, or checked the course of judicialinvestigation. This would have been to admit that erable progress. About 6£ o'clock some persons were Brigham Young was a sovereign in Utah, with his on their way to the cars, when they observed the Counseiois of State around bim, possessing au empire smoke and the flames. By this time the fire had iutheheait of a Republic governed bylaws anda-then the Inspectors shall note briefly, the street and side of tho to the country socially and politically. Slavery is a street, and bctwwn what other streets it is situated; or, if suchfrom the Attorney-General, and embracing also com- ments on our judicial action in this Territory. No copy was inclosed to us, though we take this publica- tion to be one authorized by the Attorney-General. and we shall beg leave to comment on it asf.au oiliciai paper in this connection.The Attorney -General says:;' The condition of things.in Utah made it extremely desirable that the Judges appointed for the Territory should confine them- selves striotly within their own official spheres. The Govern- ment had a DiHtrict-Attorney, who was charged with the duties of a public accuser, and a Marshal, who was responsible for the arrests and safe-keeping of criminals. For the Judges, there was uothiny left except to hear patiently the causes brought before them and to determine them impartially ^according to the evi- dence adduced on both sides. It did not seem cither right or necessary to instruct you that these were to be the limits of your Interference with the public affairs of the Territory, for the Ex- ecutive never dictates to the Judicial Department."If this language means to charge that we have not conformed to the reasonable expectation it expresses,free from Executive dictation.Our views upon this subject are fully stated iu theonly acts upon it where it is established by local U w vising and correcting aaid list, may require his rame to be en-sumed. The flames continued to spread, notwithstand- ing the efforts which were made to quell them, and reached the American Hotel, owned by Mr. George, Tobker. But a short time elapsed, when the whole building was reduced to ashes.Bsy this time the flames had communicated to the house of Neptune Engine Company No. 2, and the dwelling house owned by Mr. George Bemsen, and occupied by B r . Charles W . Stevens, dentist, both of which yielded to the devastating flames in a short time.A large portion of the furniture in the various build- ings was saved.The total lose to buildings and furniture is estimated at not less than $15,000.Mr. Tooker of the American Hotel is fully insared in the Citizens' Insurance Company of New-xork.The excitement throughout the village and sur- rounding country for several miles in consequence of the conflagration, was very great.It affords us no pleasure to make complaints against last week. The first sales of Tuesday morning of such1li1HThe Bred Scott decision only decides that Bred Scottwas not a citizen, aid the opinions of the Judges be-yond this are extra-iudicial, and of no authority. Thetered thereon by tiling with such inspectors at or before such meeting, en attidavit stating that he is a citizen of this State, a resident of biich election district, and that he will be entitled to vote therein at the ensning election, and also stating his residencequestions diacussea by them were political, and as required by .the first section ef this act, and the length of timehe has resided tbeTe. and th© reason why he does not appear per- and could he disposed of only by the sonally before such inspectors."not within their cognizance, and belongpolitical departments. The discussion was most un- fortunate, as it produced a dangerous cor.fr>ct betweenThe following is proposed to be added tO'the 6th section:the information upon which the Attorney-General ject to the ..law, and cannot violate it wiffi impunity. He is re- bases the complaint certainly emanated from other sponsible for the infraction of private rights, aud before a Terri- torial Court the same as befoie the other Courts of the Union. than proper official sources, so far as we are informed; In no jnst and proper sense csn-the President be required to see that the Judicial power shall be carried out, except as controll-the coordinate branches of the Government. He "Inthe City of New-York, the said lists, when folly com- pleted, sball be published in one newspaper published in said s ;>a Mr.. t favors the celonizaticn of the free blacks in the Amer- city. Such publication may he made in a supplement of theican tTomcs,, the Homestead bill, the immediate admis- newspaper, and by parts, but it shall be made in the numerical rion of Kansas, a perfect equality of rights among cit- order of the Wards, and shall be concluded by the Wednesday preceding the election. It shall be awarded by said Supervisors izens., and the construction of the Pacific Railroad, of the City and County of New-York to the newspaper offeringand come from whatever source it may, with all re- spect to your Excellency, we oppose to it our un- qualified denial. On the 6th of March last, Judge Cradlebaugh addressed a letter to the Commanding- Genersl, requesting a detail of sufficient force to trans- mit certain prisoners then confined in the guard-house of the camp to the place of trial, and to keep them un- der guard until their cases could be disposed of. This is th3 only call which the Judge made upon the mili- tary " !x>'aid bim in the performance of his duties" during the whole affair. There was no public jail in the district, nor any provision by law, for the confine-ing the physical power of the Union." The effect's of tbe control of the Judicial by the Executive power, are seen in the histoiy of England, during the reign of the Stuarts. The most insupportable tyranny and corruption were realized under this paramount power of the Executive Govern- ment. It has always been the corrupting power of all free gov- ternrcent. Tins, in a great degree, arises from th« extent of its powers and patronage, and in the formation of our Government, great care was taken to place the Judicial power on an indepen- cent basis. Being without patrouage, and discharging the most onerous and delicate duties, nothing but a high and impartial dis- charge of its duties can sustain it." Whenever any portion of the Judicial power shall becomesubject to the Executive, there will be an end of its independenceand' purity. It will become the register of Executive docreeB and duty is not performed with sufficient energy, our statemeut to net higher than it was on the first day of the markettmder the auspices of the Government. He is gratifiedthat his name has only been used in a spirit of harmonyand peace, and to prevent division and controversy tiacts under the charter of said city. In the case of any person among those who ought to he united. He has neither oflering to vote in said city, whose name is not on such Register,•(ought nor held any political office for twenty-five said householder shall state that he knows of his own knowledge that such person resides at his alleged residence, and he shall 7«ers, and is satisfied gtfh the honors already paid also state the situation of the house which he himself ow as or occupies in said district (and that he owns such house, or that he has leased the whole of it for a period of at least one year, andas by the publicthmeorner and the Sfewhall House. The total loss will aot jrobahly exceed $20,000.HAKjasBTTR©, Pa., Tuesday, March 20, 1860. MjKeller's 8<ate Capital grist-mills were entirely de-rpjed l»y fir* laat night. Loes heavy.CHICAGO, Tuesday, March 20, 1860.i A fiTe occurred at Black River Falls, Wisconsin, on itiday morning, destroying forty-three buildings, song which are the Shanghae House, the office of ''heJackson County Farmer, all the stores in the »wn, excepting one, belonging to T. T. Parsons. As le fire was discovered in two places at the same time,perior Court, the Marine Court, and the Court of Com- eral authorities from other than nominal jurisdiction.mon Pleas; and also that the Judges be hereafter Two deserters who were then uxdergoiDg the pun- elected in the same manner in which the Board of Su- ishment adjudged by a military tribunal weio called pervisors and Governors of the Aims-House are now for by a competent authority as witnesses for the Gov- chosen. ernment in a criminal proeecution, arising nnder the** That in a Territoiy situated like Utah, the Goveraor canmake war and peace when h<>.phases and holds in his hand the trusts; yet, as the Attorney-General invites our opin- pound. Those of one grade below tip-top, such assey, I behove they were invented by a New-York gen- tleman, who will probably have a good time in getting them enacted into laws.CITY RAILROADS.The Senate bad an animated debate on the bill for a city railroad in Buffalo to-day, and finally reported progiess. Speaking of railroads, reminds me that Senator Hammond introduced a bill to-day to authorize a railroad in the City of New-York. Mr. Hammond's bill incorporates Messrs. E. C. Sanderson, AbramBrown, Jerome Finch, A. Pomroy, S. R. Comstock,Preston Sheldon, Freeman Campbell, M. Pratt, Wm. The trial of Land, for the murder of Flannigan in Leaycroft, L. A. Lockwood, H. A. Brum, and John *rrncess Anne County, is progressing. Ex-Gov. Wise Wray with, power to construct a railroad, commencingthe 31st of March, 1859, now on file in the War Be- partment, that this movement was necessary, and that he should have felt it his duty to send over ai military force, whether asked for by the Judge or not. The supporting command was sent forward by the com- manding General, upon a report from Captain Heth, the statement of facts contained therein being con- curred in by the Judge, and encamped, not in sight of the Court room, but four miles distant from Provo. It was not sent "soon afterward." , Two weeks session of the Com t bad intervened. In the mean time the sentinels of the small camp at Provo had been abused.and stoned by citizens there, and threatening demon- strations made, inducing a well-founded belief of med- itated violence.tion with which his instructions clothe the Commaad- ing Gereral respecting the employment of his troops, would have effectually prevented the collisions sug- gested by the Attorney-General as possible of occur- rence. The ability and" prudence which Gen. Johnston has on all occasions manifested, furnished a reliable barricr against such an improbaibt le event,more than two years past as a record of rapine aud blocd, disgraceful to the age in which we live.Previous to the session of the Court at Provo, he did not set his foot in the district, except on one occasion, when he viBited Camp Floyd on his owji private busi- xje£8.• la civil cases arising out cf the invasion of private honra for busiz-ew of the middle of the day.is supposed it was the work of an incendiary. *timated at from $30,000 to $40,000.Murder Trial.Lossw!~ ror the brokers to come down in their viewer andNORFOLK, Tuesday, March 20, 1860.NXW-ORXJEA.VS, Monday. March 19, 1860.The propeller Sofia, of Philadelphia, with a valua- with single track through Ninth street to Av-it, upon a lot which belonged to the hcuBe which had been rented by the United States Marshal for the use of the Government. The ground was furnished by the Marshal, and they encamped'there not only by his per- mission but at his request.In regard to the letter of Judge Cradlebaugh of the 6th March, the Attorney-General states that:.that of a despot. tbey were placed in his hands, in 'ine Deseret iVews—aThe encroachments ef tbe Executive upon the other" paDer which exerts all its power to biing into contempt they did all day yesterday, and for a very good reasonble caTgo. was lost on the 15th inst. on the coast of enue B; thence to Tenth street. Also with single track Texas. There was a heavy sea running, and the sails in avenue C, from Ninth to Tenth street; thencedivis-ons of Government in the memorable struggles of '98, and the nerils to personal liberty which the issues of that day involved, we supposed had been finallv condemned by the popular triumph of republican lib- erty, which soon afterward passed into our naSonal history.the Federal Courts. He congratulated this offender at —the best cattle averaged something like $10 a headthe close of the trial, by offering him his hand. His higher than they did a week ago, and the more ordinary prosecution was marked with neither vigilance nor kinds from $5 to $7 higher. Last week the sales ofability. .His whole course of conduct h2.8 been marked by the eecond day were considerably better for drovers'culpable timidity and neglect, and his relations with than the first. The prospects yesterday were that that Mormons have been so objectionably maniTeB^ °y would not be repeated; yet, owing to the small supplywere hoisted, but the propeller prevented her steering, and she went ashore.through Tenth street to Avenue B; thence, with double track, through Avenue B to Fourteenth slreet; thence to A venue A, thence to T wenty third street, thence to Second avenue, thence to Thirty-fourth street, thenceWreck of the Steamship Commerce. to Third avenue, thence to Forty-second street, thence" Besides, the matters upon which Judge Cradlebaugh's requi-sition bases itself, was one with which the Judge had no sort ofofficial connection. It was the dnty of the Marshal to see that General of the United States, of such principles tend- the prisorers are safely kept and forthcoming at the proper time.For aught that appears, the Marshal wanted no troops to aid him, ing to a consolidation of power in the Executive head,ALL HA>*DS SAVED.PHILADELPHIA, Tueeday, March 20, 1860. The bark A. A. Herbert, at this port from Cardenas,to Broadway, thence to Fifty-ninth street; thence, with single track, to Eleventh avenue, thence through Eleventh avenue to Sixtieth street, thence to Broad-The announcement at this day, by- the Attorney-pat.y 1o construct a railroad in Grand street, nue, to Seventy-third street.ave-by Judge Cradlebaugh.-o-nor knew the purport of either; until after the Gov- law applicable to pardons, and the legal manner of ernor had viBited the town of Provo, and all the mili- taking the benefit of them. Upon the authority ofMr. SPIN OLA called up the concurrent" resolution requesting the return from the Governor of the bill to prohibit Snnday amusements in New-York, and advo-vtaxy trovements had he^h made which were.made during the whole affair. How then can we be held re- epoBeibk for a proper interpretation of the meaning of thesein&tructionB, and actionthereon coufoimabie tothat decision his defense would rest, if there were any power existing to call his judgment in question outside the regular course of appeal. ' eBOUNDARIES OF EXECUTIVE AND JUDICIAL POWER. charac-.er of the two steamers. As the Saratoga, to *ed ive to a large body of worthy citizens. The resolution THE JUDGES'IN UTAH IN REPLY TO ATTORNEY-Butitwouldseemthat the approval of the action FIKK IK Gr.KKRWICH-STBXET—SUSPICION Or AR8KW-TandWave,toproceedtothoanchorageandascertainthe catedthesameonthegroundthatthehillwasoppress-EVKNING SESSION.Tbe hlls relating to the sale and foreclosure of the avenue in New-York, had progress.To his Excellency JAMBS BUCHANAN, President of theJUiiited State*.The third section is so amended as to require that theto publish the same for the least sum, the same to be uc&rtoinoa _jputale of Utah resist the laws and Did not the peopiby sealed proposal in the manner provided for awarding con-" It Is asked:authority of the Government ? 0 nhariclSo!"occupies the same by virtue ofsuch lease)."COtTRTS IN THE CITY OF NEW-YORK." That he hastbe fullest confidence in the vigilance, fidelity, end ability of that officer, but if we shall be of opinion that hisBULL'S HEAD.—The opening price of beef cattle in market this week was from a half to one, cent a poundIf,..K.<v -;•.1^^i(ebons, ard arc purely matters of administration.In the order cf the 6th May, with a copy of which we have been furnished, modifying the instructions to tbe Geneitd, and stating t h a t . " Peace being now re- " stored to the Territory^ the judicial administration of ing of bills. Several of private interest were passed, to our joint letter to your Excellency of the 7th April " the law swill require no help from the army under " his command," fhc fidelity with which he has obcifetJ the instruction* heretofore given him is specially commended. The conclusion"from this is, that the military movements made by him have re- ceived tbe Executive approval, and that the technical distinction between a "summons not to be disobeyed,"among the jest the following:To authorize the laying of a double railroad trackbast. The tenor and conclusions of this reply make it neceesary for us, in vindication of our official position, more fully to address you on the same subject. It was not our purpose to unbrace in pur letter a full history of the Provo affair. W e designed merely to state cer- tain facts, peculiarly within the knowledge of the Judge who held the late term of the United States Court there, and to express an opinion as to the neces- sity for the force which was furnished by the Com- manding General in aid of the administration of the law.The military details had been fully reported by the General to the War Department, and we presumed would be laid before your Excellency.Jury, your Excellency will find this language:" By permution of his honor Judge Sinclair, I am permitted here, publicly, to give you the reacors why, as Prosecuting At- torney of the United States for this Territory, I have presented before v on no bills of indictment for treason at thia Court.'/In the decision quoted, the Supreme Court distinctly eays: * .ft It is a constituent part of the j udlclal system, that the Judge sees only with judicial eyes, and Knows nothing respecting any particular case of which he Is not informed judicially. A- private deed, not communicated to him, whatever may be Its character, whether • paTdon cr release, is totally unknown, and cannot b« acted en. The looseness which would be introduced into judi- cial proceedings would prove fatal to the great principles or jus- tice, if the Judge might notice and act upon facts not brought reg- ularly Into the cause. Such a proceeding, iu ordinary- cases, wctud subvert the best established principles and overturn those rules which have been settled by the wisdom of ages. Is there anything peculiar in apardon which ought to djstiiigukh it in this respect from other facts 1 W e know of no legal principle which will sustain such a distinction. * * K The pardon may boabsolute, or conditional. It may be controverted bv the prosecutor, and must be expounded by the Court. These circumstances combine to show that this, like any other deed, ought to bo brought judicially before the Court by plea, motion, or otherwise."closed by tbe proprietor half an hour before the alarm s'h-sst was given.Insurance Companies by extending the time for tbe notice from five to twenty days.filingTo incorporate the Franklin Savings Bank of New- York.To incorporate the Kings Countv Dime Savings Bank.EVENING SESSION.Ihe bill to provide for the payment of interest on canal drafts, certificates, and awards, was passed.The Harlem River Free-Bridge bill came up for a third roadkig, and was )aid on the table.From Our Own Correspondent.ALBANY, Tuesday, March 20, 1860.REGISTRY LAW.According to the theory of our government, we haveno official connection with the Executive, and we Judiciary hss nothing to do whatever. It iBa military,•:• •• >.. '>fell in with the steamship Commerce, from New-York, way ; thence to Fifty-ninth street, to connect with the and had no desire to see himself and his civil potse displaced by • seems, iu our judgment, to be a matter of high public bound to Galveston, on the 14th inst., in distress and double track. Also commencing at Twenty-third a regiment of soldiers. He made no complaint of weakness, and concern.^11 will he sold at an advance. Particulars of the sales and stat6 01 tnC market of all. kinds of butchers'ani-unmanageable. While lying to, to render assistance, street in First avenue with double trnck,and running to uttered no call for assistance. Under such circumstances, it was The Constitution declares that " Congress shall have a mistake of the Judge to interfere with tbe business at all.". li 1ii•the steamer came in collision with the bark, carrying Harlem River. Also commencing at First avenue in At the time Judge Cradlebaugh requested the mili- '! power to declare war.' But was there anvthing away" the latter's mainsail and bulwarks, and doinj? Forty-.-econd street to Third avenue. Also comments tary guard, the Marshal was not in the lid Judicial Bis- like making war in the proceedings at Provo 1other damage. Buring the night the bark rescued xi5 ing at First avenue in Seventy.second street, with trict. He rerides at Salt Lake City, and met the Court • Was not a portion of the Army of the United States persons, being all hande, and including three passen- druble track, thence to the easterly side of Fifth at Provo the first day of the term. The geographical employed in Boston, without consultation with thetrust their complaint to his keeping, and seek ont the -Judges.to institute prehminary proceedings without hisaid.MINOU CITY ITEMS.—Wendell Phillips wiH sne\k at the Cooper Institute thia evening upon the subject withtcok the provisions and baggage and left the Commerce lettling fast, with nine feet of water in her hold.in'Ma on. board of her, who, at one time, were ia a veryOTSTER KEDS. cession of mountairi-locked valleys, running hundreds Fugitive Slave law on Anthony Burns, and the Fed- " cany on ail public prosecutions," and that "he mustSenator Robertson's bill in relation to the planting of mi-cs north and south, in which the settlements are eral troops employed in protecting the Court room of " oppose the effort that any Judge may make to usurp side oh the occasion Tbe new iron steamship Ma- of oysters within the waters of this State, wliich makes situated. It is impossible for the Marshal, or any one Judge Loring 7 " LIB functions," &c. No Judge here has attempted tanzas. hence on the Sth inst., arrived at Matanzas on all lands under water and below low-water mark be- of a reasonable number of deputies, to be on hand at Was not a portion of the marine fcree stationed what is here implied. Two criminal cases only, one tbe 14th inst. This is her first trip, and realir.es the an^JLos« o f t h e B a r k S w a n n . NORFOLK, Tuesday, March 20, 1800.were careful to state that onlvthe anomalous condition question, which has been decided in favor of the Gen- of affairs in this distracted Territory would juBtify us eral, and the decision communicated through the onlv in communicating directly with the Chief Magistrate Executive channel to which he can look. As to the during our terms of office upon matters affecting the justification which Judge Cradlebaugh has for hisThe stock in the corner store was almost entirely destroyed, and the building was damaged to- the The proclamation of the President set out a state of amount or $200. Several persons were taken to tbe Tnird-Ward Station by the Police, in order to giveMr. Ramsey has introduced four bills into the Sen- . ment aLd subsistence of prisoners charged with crim-of a party policy. What could create a deeper degradation than to see any branch of the Judiciary, whioh stands between the Exe- cutive power and the rights of the citizen, become the mere in- strument of that power."The Attorney-General says:ate to reorganize the Courts of the City of New-York, which provide for doubling the number of Judges ininal offenses. Lideed, the whole design of the Legis- lature since the organization of the Territory, seemsWter and Wisconsin street u making a clean sweep ofall >h» wooden buildinjrs, fifteen in number, between in the First Bistrict of the Supreme Court, in the Su- to have been aimed at the utter exclusion of the 'Fed-any officer connected with us in the Government ser-vice in thia distant Territory. W e would prefer unity butchers were made pretty readily at lOi'aTlc. net a and harmony of action in the discharge of oar severalAlthough these bills were introduced by Mi-. Ram- law of the United States against enticing the desertionThe troops at Provo did not surround the Court-The Attorney-General says in his letter to the Bis- which his name has been so long associated—"Agita- gers. In the morning the gale moderated, when she avenue. . - features of the Territory are peculiar, embracing a suc- Governor of Massachusetts, in the execution of the trict-Attorney, that " It is his duty to commence and tion Indispensable to Reform.'' Br. Cheever will pre-longing to the State free to all inhabitants of the State all times attending the preliminary wants of the three around the polls m Washuigton to protect the citizens in each district, hitYe gone to Juries since the reopen- The. bark Swann is ashore at Cape Henry. Five for the purpose of planting and growing ovsters, under Courts. Leaving this out of view, however, we can- ra the exercise of the elective franchise, and did not ing of the Court here, 'fhc crimes charged were offensesticipations of those interested The Controller has decided to appropriate the unoccupied rooms owned by the city in Essex-Market building, for the use of the Eastern Bispensaiy. He Bdvertited several days ago,perilow situation, were saved. loes.The cargo is a totalproper restrictions, was passed to-day, after a contest between Robertson and Spinola (the former for and the latter against the bivalvalous measure), compared withnot see that.the Judge was out of his proper sphere in making his call; for surely it was " to aid him iu the performance of his duties" that the troops were sent toblood flow in the streets of that city 1Were not United States troops* thrown abeut theagainst the United States. Both prisoners were ac- quitted, and in each case the Attorney prepared the indictments, and prosecuted in Court.rI•ilfYavigatioDi Northward, &c.the " oyster war in Accomac" were the merest child's been no Marshal in Utah, surely the ends of justice ernment—pass through a file of soldiers ? hension of criminals upon affidavits made by personsplay. Sctator Robertson is sound en the oyster ques- ought not to have been defeated because—according to In a letter to the Governor of Kansas, the Secretary who have voluntarily presented themselves to institute Council, for a new building, , but ouiy twoTORONTO, Tuesday, March 20, I860. tion. Steamers commenced their regular trips betweenToronto and Niagara to-day. Kingston harbor is UNCLAIMED DEPOSITS.When the bill to transfer to the custody of the Statethe view of the Attorney -General—it was proper "for «nSte> »imder d a t e 2 7 t h A n «°stj 1857, says: prosecutions, all of which remain unexecuted. The bids were received, and the locations proposedTThe PresWtnt approves the precautionary measures yon Judge in these cases acted as committing magistrate, a in both cases were considered undesirable....the policy of the Administration 7 Judges are not pre- of the Attorney for the Territory proceeds upon theissues oflife and death for thousands. Surely it was not intend- ion as to the efficiency of the Bistrict-Attorney? we good fat oxen and well-fed steers, but a little rough, ed to clothe each one cf the Judges, as well as the Marshal and have to say that, since his advent into this Territory gold at lO'&lOJc. quite as readily as they sold the weekall his deputies, with this tremendous authority. Especially last November, be has eet on foot no criminal prosecu-does this construction seem erroneous when we reflect that these tion whatever, although abundant evidence is attaina- previous at 9 ^ 10c. There was also an advan"' of soldiers. It was a military necessity that a suffi- different officers might make requisitions conflicting with one about Id. a pound upon the lower and m*"5" •"**cient guard should be sent with tbe witnesses, and another, and all of thorn crossing the path cf the Go pernor.'.' ble of mayhems, murders, and robberies, sufficient inGen. Johnston hss himself stated in his dispatches of We submit that the exerofce of the general discre- number and atrocity to' mark the history of Utah for and sales were tolerably bride *- '. - ^ » 0 * * * »it by these people. Brigham Young, in a politico-re- ligious speech delivered in the Tabernacle on the 22d May last, said:"The Cnurch and Kingdom of God has risen from anindi vidual family to a greBt people, and we have been looked upon at a nation by our neighbors, independent of all oVier people on the face of thit earth: and in tluir dealing* they hate dealt withus a* such."Tbe manner in which the proclamation is regardedhere is shown by the following extracts taken from a late number of The jDcserct Nercs, the official organ of the Mormon Church:" Now, while wc mobt willingly award all due credit to Mr. Buchanan and bis Administratration, We do earnestly protest •gainst this ince»sant exulting by certain journals, over putting au end to the rebellion in TTtnh.»»)ur answer is a loud and em-Utah.The doctrine that the Executive of ft Territory caa lights of person and property, coupled with crimesmake war and peace u-he?i hepleases, and holds in his committed Dy the Mormons during their rebellion, hehand the issues of life and death for thousands, is one appears as their counsel to vindicate their conduct. very much smaller than bast week, held on pretty stiff,political in its nature and strange to us. Its practisal At the last term for the 3d Judicial Bistrict, he placed and consequently, although there were only somea separation of the powers of the Government—and'convert sn Executive, the legality of whose officialacts is subject to judicial inquiry, and who is bound jury against all law and evidence. These papers (con- of the stock is better this week than last. The weather in all things by the Constitution aiid laws—into an em-nolle in Kansas, and did not the voters approaching thewhich the quarrels of the "oyster-house critics" and convey tbe prisoners to the place of trial. Had there baiiot-box—me fundamental source of republican "ov- Numerous warrants have been issued for the appre- pursuant to the directions of the Commoahave adoptea in caUicg mto the •vicinity of Lameuce a military nearly clear of ice. A steam* r crosied to St. Vincent the unclaimed deposits of the Sivings Banks of the whose authority he is subject, bad the power to do so. lorce, ;o act as a posse ccmitatm to aid in the enforcement of theduty enjoined on liim by the peculiar condition ofaffairs. We have yet to iearn that in such cases the Monday for New-Orleans to play an engagement ofhim only to make the call. If the Marshal could make it a fortiori, the Judges, whose officer he is, and toyesterday. Considerable ice still remains in the Bay laws, should it be necessary." atHaml?on,butitwilllikelybeallontinadayorStatecameupforitsfinalreading,itwasrecommittedProvoisfiftymilesdistant'fromCampFloyd.In *..* * * * * * * * JudgesmustconsulttheAttorneybeforeissuinghiswarrants; and especially when it may take days to reach him, does this idea eeem absurd.The duty of the Judge in this matter is enjoined bytwo. for amendment, was amended, and finally lost, 13 to case a rescue had been attempted, it could have been '' When a civil officer has reason to believe that process placed to 14. Mr. Truman moved a reconsideration, and that efleeted long befoie the Marshal could have made his in hi» hands will be resisted l»y force, he has the riaht to cail fortwo months, after which they return to the WinterGarden for the Summer season About three monthsthat motion lie on the table, which was carried. request to the Governor, bis requisition been complied the aid of such portions of the posse comitatus as he may thiuk necessary, and at thi.t point may rightfully commence the actionBurning of the Steamer Eattern In the Assembly to-day, 25 local bills were read a witb, and the troops marched to tho scene of resist- ot the military lorce."the Kevised Laws of this Territory—chapter 33 ad- ago a company was formed in this city to purchase the"•••Cfcneen,third time and passed, among which was the Senate ance. In the instructions to the General coiumundin«- the denda, section 3. . - * ' silver mines of Bon Ignacio Arriola in Setentrion,bill to protect travelers against ticket Bwiudlers. The.Governof-rteides at Salt Lake City, also fifty forces here, it was distinctly stated: " When a complaint is made under oath that an offense has Chihuahua, Mexico. On tbe 5th inst. the Soperiuten*M E . , Tuesday, March 20, i860.between Boston and the Kennebec River, was totally evening, nx ihcre is to be a jcint caucus of the Repub- th 9 Marshal could not be conferred with iu time to aid either in the performance of his duties, you will take care Serb M* °» r t 0 t a k * a U re11uit,it<J *tePs t 0 brinfc' th«offender forty or fifty tons of machinery, and'yesterday Mr.WJMCASSET,The «te«mer Eastern Queen, employed on the route''Should the Governor, Judges or Marshal of the TerritoryNothing of moment will be done in either House this miles frcm Prove. The necessity arose, too, when TM.d it necessary directly to summons a part of your troopB to bteu committed, the Justice or Judge shall issue an order re- dent, Mr. Cutler Chipman, left in the Baltic with somedestroyed by fire this morning. She was owned bvNathaniel Stone, Isaac Rbh, and George Bacon of licans of the Senate and Assembly at 8 o'clock.act. So far from this action having operated to sup- tuat the summons be promptly obeyed." The Bistrict-Attorney n*ay open in the preliminaryplant him, it had his warm concurrence and support, # We respectfully submit that the construction of these examinations if be pleases, but surely he has no control Kobert H. Belden Bailed iu the North Star as the Com- as hereafter will appear. instructions is not a matter of civil inquiry or judicial over the Judge in the matter. When a prisoner has been mercial Agent of the company Spring commencedAfter the company under Capt. Heth reached Provo, judgment. Words employed in conveying orders to a put on trial the attorney should appearand prosecute, yefeterday afternoon. The sun crossed the Equinox atworkmen were engaged excavating a cellar at No. 49 they were called for, he being in constant attendance legaL technical sense, but their mAimiTM \^r*,\ u* dictated to in the discbarge of his duty. AU statements 3:57 p. m., and in accordance with the usual habits ofsense, but their meaning ashould be Bowery, they found a skeleton almost entire. The on the Court, and when remanded were remanded to ascertained by their popular use,to the contrary are unqualifiedly false.• Tie advice of the* Attorney-General to him wastherefore ui necessary from anything that hasyet trans-the weather, we may look for a storm. The lowering aspect of the clouds for the past two daye, the East wind and the chilly dampness that pervades everything, are Hufficient indicatious that a storm is not distant....Vleck was introduced and delivered the salutatory persons who were at work on the premises met with troops to act as & posse comitates—this call was made Geneial's argument to show that a "mminons" not to oration. by the Marshal, in his own name and on his own re- be disobeyed, and a « requisition," axe not convertiblenarrow escapes, but it did not transpire at the time apom ibility, atd the aid furnished and employed by teTrns. Bitt>»rrtari©Bs were then delivered by W. H. Aid- that any one perished iu the names. The foundation him. The Maishal always adA'unced with a civil posseThe Courts, even when aided by the military power,teenth street, since its organization, has resigned thatpired, and tbe reflection which it casts upon the Judges No prisonor, after he came before the Judge, was an Attorney-General. They are subject to the military was as unjust as it was unwarranted. The Attorney-and gentlemen. The exercises were opened with 18."J8, a destructive fire occurred in the vicinity of No. committed by mittimus to any other custody than that law, which IB independent m its sphere, and a military General is not our teacher; appeals from our judgment Br. Horace Green, who haa been President of the Prayer by Chancellor Ferrs. Mr. Frederick B. Van •19 Bowery, several buildings being burned. Many of the Marshal. The Judge never made a call for the Court, might not accept; the conclusions of an Attorney- do^ not go to him, nor is he our trier on impeachment. Faculty of the New-York Medical College in Thir-the Executive of, the Territory states that his only reli-'Common Carriers;'' A, B. Gardner, on Civil and thereon, moot of the rubbish being allowed to remain as to be enabled to afford aid to him in case resistance Goyernor s remoratrance. The Secretary of War 8%vs numerous persons charged with crime for whom war- duties, his duty to a large family, and a due regard toont tbe cellar, and in the course of their work found tbe bones, some of which bear marks of fire.pated in the horrid massacre at the Mountain Meadows. Indeed, so far have matters proceeded, that propo-to the College... .Mr. Corlies, one of the Commission- ers for building the new City Hall, holds a contract to'I i»0; •i""I I|•K' ••it.T rrb ^( i n o r i u ^'a°ued in dungeons dignantly spumed.CbauorlW Ferris, ¥rv( Wedgewood, V. x*. Cutler, locomotive and its tender. The locomotive haa been t w ^ f r * 8 ° £ t h e 1L"lted, States for the rawon that In coxclnnion, we feci it our duty to protest against tent from this port on the steamer Granada, to-day,with arer members of t^e Faculty, occupied the plat- Justly named after Albeit Journeay, jr., esq., thauJn Becembtr last, the Judge certified this oath S S E f W ? » "». **a tbey deluged their soil the action of the Attorney-General, in prwmulga'iug under the command of Captain J. N. Palmer, accompa- T £ Zf^ocentb.ood'of men, women and children. to the ]>eople of this Territory these documents, so cal- nied by Captaine Charles J. Whiting and Nathan Ev-form. Tfce degree of /<,?WM Bttccalanrei was con-to the Governor, and the Marshal requested him ^to iSSZSEL%arn- of.»te Government reaches into a State culated to impair the influence and respect wfiich the! ans, all of the 2d Cavalry; Lieuta. A. P. Porter, of theWJj*|pa«.,jr.,A.M.,Wolfboro,PH.The exercises wexe closed vith a benediction.txwn, mon lohavearideontheroad.f JBlcbuJond County Gar.-stt*."a<!iirtS»lKV." V....^M wuvweam»&«r,i^aieUH\-ou pcMfcieninwhichwehavebe*nplaced watifoundfloatingintheriveratthefootofWarrenstroo*o» Iutecfiict to.the cou'ttrucliou which tho Attoradj ?• tebei lafct; ujicn ihe subject of troasoa. The procla- Although the letter* uf t^e AttorueV-Geueral have Monday afternoon. Coroner Schinner held an inquest oa th*monster, which on a nearer inspection proved to be the and the Marshal made oath belore the Judge, that he fiSffi.^could Dot execute these warrantH withoHt military aid. < 5 , t m m ;whom FOone ha* more heartily given his time, abili-fer!ed e;>on the following candidates: ties, and resources to advance and perfect the intereata issue a requisition for troops for this service. Theof the road. Monday morning, bright and early, aaw Governor complied, and placed his requisition at'the Kti*»».'A&n», A. H.. Mile* H. Andru», Wm. H. Brow.i Albert the engine and two freight cars on the track. The lo-Ccwsfcck Oeoig« W. Coll**, A. B , H«ury B. Cb*Ui»kl, A»» disposal of the Marshal. Afterward, changing ids Btncken down. We utand upon the'fall history of our judicial con- Aboutone-fourth of the detachment wfll land at Indian- Bird Qmntwrr. A. B., J. A. Oreiwnaamer. A. B.( D«ni«I L. lisn- comotive was built at the Jersey City Works, and is opinion, he withdrew it, and up to the time ot the ?it- In the letter to tbe Attorney for the Territory, re- duct, agajjist all misrepresentations' and aspersions ola, Texas, and the destination of tbe remainder i»first-class, with all the latest improvements for burning twit of the Court, no arrests W6re made, or attempted. fenei to, the Attorney -General" states that "his refu-John l»i»>«*t« Kikw, O.Kjaher *5bmw, A Hi, Kwd-rick B. Van i,oft coal. The track of the road is being rapidly With what justice, then, can it be charged, in tbe which may be made against us; aud we trust that Braxos Santiago. The troops were drafted from Go«v:; )..k<*' *"*w-ywk; w » - JL AJdriaw, Colambi*, Twuij Daaiel laid, and when the engine is in order, it is expected face of ibekro facts, that the Judge ev*r attempted " to ^ Stti, on a former occasion, to violate the pronvse of with these further explanations to vour Excollencv'S ^ J S S S B * * ^ K 'Y -* 2««ew> Vtelf", A. B., C W Co., Md.; materially to facilitate the carrying backward and tor- " do the dutita of a Marshal as tvellasbis owa." Tlie ( pardon contained iu the President's proolamation, taken in connection with all reliable advices rebitiuir to ernor's Island.hro, N. Y .; Albmt M. Palao^- W»ki?fi«W, It. Ci l>»i'i*l W. ward cf materia's and men. A turu-table, near the Mar thai did " want troopa to aid him. He did ' was equally j-raieewcrthv and correct." This refers the same «*»l>jcet before you, you will perceive the to a portion of tbe ehaige of the Judge of the Third mjusuca which has been done us, and a p p e l a t e theRv*Yt>, Mvrrhmd, N. Y.; L.ti*.r H. .Striker, IDinoi»; Jotou eastern tenriinns, is alto, nearly finished, and we SLKU '•compltiu of we»kiieea;"7/c. did '•vttw cu!Js f>c J-'^iuct, delivered in Salt Lake City ou the ^Jl No- For/Nii BUOWWEU.—The body of au unknown manwick, AUnVVIetor &ft^k«. G*o. W. Morion, G*»tz* Vmskhmai,—s4iwww.fultonhistory.com**,n„MM.>iM...,^i>w.TW7«rw«<- l*)IW>— B%^>V/^l'''W-'.*• M«)Cmfliw (nwti.i,.t«vli...vi..K.v^/>.^.'.;'-vV'^i->'>'---*-*-*'':-vrf'-i''**~*'' "•'*'. • : , . : • • ; .. : , : .Thomas M. Tryniski 309 South 4th Street Fulton New York 13069'*.','S^",'*"'.'*r*n'"-'?.-~.'*•'/••"::••''.* ^.'•''•^•-•'-,•»-•-••. .: , -;:^'i,.:-.<;.''-.).;«i~-/. ,'/.«vw-/.;«-:',« -i!i.:--;.'Untitled Document!f-;• At:Mormon, who was afterward indicted at the same of them for sale to-day. The general average quality term for a criminal offense, aud acquitted by a Mormonwere able to keep up only a semblance of federal au- position—the resignation to take effect at the close ofthority. Now, not only ban no arrests be made, but the present course of lectures, Br. Green assigns as awe would respectfully submit that there was nothingin this case to recommend tbe Mormons to greateriayir than the people of Massachusetts, Kansas, ana citioDS have actually been made through the Governor build a new Washington Market. Plans for the straa-51the General 0fommar.ding. aud on file in the War Be-partment, show in ample detail all these facts to haveexifted.I Moreover, long anterior to the sittiog of the Court, the people of the Bistrict of Columbia. The latter had to the Judges for a surrender by tire Church of the••V jTnr. S'lAiJCN LLANO KAIXKOAU.—As we neared tbe Judge bad issued warrants to the Marshal for the not declared martial law and- arrayed their whole fugitives, upon'condition that the Judges shall have a ture were adopted some four years since, but for some iry 01C€ a aiufcttljeSimonsou avenue, Clifton, on Saturday lust, we ob- apprehension of a number of persons, against whom ?t^ , 'i 7 Government of the United certain understanding with them as to the constitution unexplained reasontheyhave "never beencarried out-'.. served a great crowd of men and boys, and a huge iron affidavits had been made, charging various murders, !' JVrir!% UOt. ,bll,naed u n d PtaxMlwed Govern of their juries. Of course, all such approaches are in- A detatebment of about 550 men (cavalry) will be•ana other territories of the Cuion- »b»u'*t i«n TUTtI-a..hI., ,w«.hIe.»r«e Juoiciary ought here, above all other places, to exer-with tho greatest vigor it should be exercieed, it ia ciee and maintain. 2d Cavalry, and S. F . Chapin, of the 1st ATtiUery.(uauoAof ilie Prteoleut in that case AWUd n>t disra- received extensive cuculatiou among.tho people of ili« body, but no due to hit identity could be obtatucd.-••cattle as are required by the first-class retail marketandthentherewasquit- 1" d th '- -ln r/ ^ 7 ^ ^ butchers, havingtuppie ei^most pegging.want8> geemeddisposed to.rsoothe business dragged on through some of the bestTbe drovers and brokers, knowing that the supply wasSirs. John Wood aud Mr. A. H. Davenport sailed on..• V ••••_ 