 "•Mr. liaxuroa made a speech, la which he opposed the against Divine revelation and in favor of polygamy, ,11a little words; things tba'. engender strife, mif <r openingofacentralbadtaNewYork,fortherewasno thoughttbatasSolomon,whowasadmittedto be'the illwill;thingsthatbreedmischiefandlute;I reason why Boston, Philadelphia, Cincinnati and other wisest man, was wise enough to have a thousand wives,any remarkable increase in the importing business; the excess last week cannot be ascribed to acci-tteuecrate tuapproaching that would H e w ItosJyto requireBMMIendeutogyttotoanyaeeasas"eieoi^eey,IHO mm* Itttte ftsse kee oe*n eevtetd te eSarte to to- took a recess till half past two o'clock. irwii skat runji oy dra -leg upoe-tke literal ~tluded, wke7»K rcx 40 4$ 4 7 *areofreeeetdaw,eodkftveeoreturnstomakeatpre eeel. Koev 1 . 8 10, 14, 1? aed IS hare made returns, reportu.g organised efbrta for agitation, some pro. greau east frequent meettegs for free discussion.otherthings. Inseasonsolunfavorableweathersri!lions,titmiliiotisof doilara'worth iif property in QtristelMb Some discursive remarks ensued on the mode and pro- ln this way allowed to go to wast* inas^tg^eM!o!iunties,againstsc'ox»l houses,mechanicinstitutes, scjeutifl'j libraries and laboratories: i t is law and reiigiou 'a^a'net human righU; it is preaching against practice;it i« illegitimate sanctity agaiust equity.Tbe remedy of this enormous evil is simple and practi-cable Tbere is nothing in the way but toe perversenees on tbe part of the plunderer It is tbat they stop plun- deriugand go about producing legitimately with their ownbuodsforHeirovnwants. Tbattheytaketheir baudsoutortheirneighbor'spockets,keepthemout, and employ tbem in some department of productive in- dustry. Then there can be rest for all, every day—abun- dance for all, all tbe while: knonvlelgeand wisdom for all,ibatwillvacatethepilesofbrick,stoneandmortar erectedintbeprosecutionoftheChurchandStatecon- spiracies, and leave tbem as monuments of past Ignorance and folly.',TheSabbath,liketbepriesthood,whoselostrum^ataltty tt has been, and is,and like many other crude develope-rnentefrom tbe cirjumscribet knowledge of the p*st, hasbeen a necessity and bad its day. The. time has come forbetUr knowledge o f human needs t o dispense withit, .and give us something better. Let It now be laidaside and "rest." Whoshall say that the solemnitiesand pretensions of festivities In honor of Magna Mater gree. Though such persons are to be "executed," yet, points which the bear operators on the Stock Bx«NEW YORK HERALD, MOtfDA'OTeurnto America To do k:» tier tfcr 'd hav« \ tV l >f reprebtoston for eerr-!** ^*V^. «•**"!£w.H ran consldarabto risk ofidge rleantken and Marshal finoe, accompanied b y tain Barton,the African traveller, leave bore torCarnext Tne*day. The Judge aad Marshal would have sooner, but they could n o t procure transportation, totoeiiseontinuaeceoftkeregularmallcarriage10*1forsterling,and5.20fur francs. Moatofthdbankers are asking 109 for ateriing, and 5.15 a 16|forfranoa; but the wants of importers appear t obo satisfied at lower figures. At this titoe fetyear ateriing bills of the highest class ruled at 1104;we believe that present prices are wholly OBpreceldented forwitseason oftheyear,afteraliberal importationofforeigngoods. Theafsssple-metis, thattheheavywheatcropoftheWestaadthefor!eign deficiency have revolutiocized oar trade with; 1 Europe; and though we do not look, and certainly; itkeirownlawhiaknooafeoU-t Jtterrupt thorn. <-.-e twoot breau tmanolaerdsob^flmill, this tie InSdeto out a ebanco and they will overWu Ui« •/•! of the day, driving h.s team on a i i ^ k oTHE INFIDEL CONVENTION. SECOND DAT.i betewike City Asamiry Rooms, where they mfidelity,beoaass Infidelity was not » » » < « » » ! • • . *JThe meeting,, which did not Bomber fifty New York tkea in otber plac*. lb rbttadeljthta a bill marktt, etoite the adinmiskor wmt ok »F waynoni keptalltheyearround,sadSewYorkoughttobo nmrkolwherek»badsoM-btowarenatamwkjwassailed«oorderaskeif-peel tato'clock,tf retaktagaMfroasotherp-aoes.,LAttaemaUv»k oroat.nodoubt,thantbeotberooofdrethoe. r^anotfeerpareii**totheoutrageincreasingtbe destractton. Tbe crofouPdesv ct pbyBi3b.g;sta teach t s that w»*TM»: tion—in e<>m?letioa of sssimiUtioc—the restoration 01 tbe exba-st*! or *os by tbe ree of nutriment f ^ | * r e a j 5riufnm whxn no* keep men in 14T. :->:au *,:i. priestcraft 'and •dporatitioa wss his motto.Wa* »§,i««i PTou-.isnt prwst, who wV«« also *»]**£*£ wan tbo poitor dtotaaoa <w the two from homo,^ a o d to^hoiyraaa.-ridttag whip to h m - vcutbeir-grep>*«««•. koWedtotoesUtner,ttbe blood, gxsonprcoerly only daring 0°?,^'***when the President called him to order, as be duced by men who stand highest In the ranks of scum- •side from the question. U •• Palmer then Mac and literary eminence, Is a source of great Bati«sUc-1ontogivehisexparieuoeaaaCkrietiaatwenty tionIoinfidelseverywhere.years ago, when be was wont to say, in reference to hie•slsraisitefJsaaaf Yea.Imar. ** •sniewsiasasBnewMB •**• ai^^Bnaaaw * ^-«» y .a . a i » y %When I've no alas to wash amy.From that hewentontospeak in round termsagainst 1st ooaaection with which he mentioned a libe-confusion aad chaos.Tbe foregoing illustrative items are fair reprloftbegeneralstateofthings,genuineincA number of speeches of tbe usual character were de- livered,butnobusinessoffartherinteresttransplred- stttutioo. Tbeobservanceofdemonttratingfago Be complained of rowdy Mm in the association, and wishedt•knowwhetherinfidelscouldnotInspirerespect. Be would adopt the language of an Apostle, -<Stiver andthe city were more powerful than the charms of intiilslity, and the consequence was that people preferred the fasci nating splendors of the metropolis to the cold and repulstitioas. In tbe passage in Deuteronomy, aire* to, itreads,"Yeshall nneat ofanythingtoe. itself: thou shall give it to tbe stranger tliat is' gates, that he may eai it; or thou mayest setFINANCIAL AND COMMERCIAL. generalpanicshouldensue,thesufferingsofstock- holders in railways may, after all, be less grievouseinkt abroad.Mr. MmuHjn acknowledged the nee malty of a hall forgive an account of the history of the Apocrypha New Testament, sad t o recite portions of narratives or tbe earlylifeof Christ, which no Christian pretendstobe- lieve. Mr. Murray concluded by presenting the fol-1868- For the week $1,266,120 Previouslyreported 48,2838681859 1095,690I860 2,06l.71Tquotations —Superfline StateKstra8tato, ftom old and new wheat, $s40a'6 50$ Ma 6 70 640a550 6 56 a 7 30 6 10 a 7 20 600afl26anaslingla, inevery villageio the States;buttherearenot a sufflcteet somber of Infidels to for n associations in wearyplacetediffuseawkoMsosaehatredofChristianity. lowtngVkr that reason ke would support the resolution. Eirroni vraws or THE SABBATH.49953721SinceJan.1*....$40,648,788 61049.411 71,819510 Superfine w»temareeaaCalea,the at, Ifa church norSeveralotherinfidelstookpactinthe discmum.Mr. W*UJOI said that NOW York was not a derwt if the sabtoib day* to keep it holy."J*e dtfit\**n, Ta rob the fijimaa system to e.tber otihLos three ways, duritg six ^*j*$!&"£&r>mpeB»aV(m -mf*<*sevetitb, $eto-rep-idtotetbe well do- hate at length got hold ef a plucky water, aad with thorepudiation perr«i»tod bytheSalbath. Havingtbe onShedayapeoifledfortheWashoemoosandtbatooun HO«ACWrWATSw,teePilHiil,wkeHeteeHtKkwouttkeirowasalvation.Fltamadeaeoatrastbeti cratumofFridaysbaaameasureoftnesame BtobaOisetuptolookforwardto,laborersarereiuirod,try.Stmretar/Woottoaseemsdoiugsomething,andion which c-ibody oare«l abae^and ververting, demoraltzisg eilect o n t b e Catkei tic*toattoedaywouldkeawvotodte busmen, aroswktck would b- imesed to oy writerbaaknownCathoi:»whose•Kms<;tenoaiMTW»isportut —ttwmteke .saovedtkefollowing ataeodment: attowthemtoeatbeefenthetableoftheiran<! reouire themselves, to gibuait. to and undergo taxa tloaa, tsregnJarltiea, dferangemeata anddespeL»tiona In- overwork and wast cf ale*p andres*,as tbeywira!dniCotherwlsedo.ar-dascocldnototnerwse hot! tjiey sfe berried out of requisite »»«»• cation:tbey areprevented properconditionford>- gseti<m: they are dasturbed, aad cut short in eaniaUt- "ion T*e Uborer is In worse condition on Monday morning than on Sunday morning; there having been excees in one direction from Monday morning unti. Sa-looks ttjte putting on t k e office harness without muchli,GoaveaUmweeedendeavortogo.throe*ktkeirbusi- astaffofModellecturerskeaviatedunderthe onFrtdaja;battheirconscienceswouldnot of theeeneral Committee, and that a fdodTheAfricantraveller,exploreraadwhatnot,tosaak-cg Aonothope,toseeaflowofspecie-weatwarfc • most of his timo here gathering material for a book'tab; go I bear. Hie health has considerably i mprov from Europe, R is beyond doubt that the balancehisprairietrip,somuchsothathetoabletokeep oftradewillleanmorethoroughlyinoufavortfai*to.the paperwithpenaad pencil Should he pre- winterthaniteverdidfatthe commeKdal historw retBe neutrality of an impartial historian as faith-aabedidoabtopilgrimagetoMecca, nissket-hof oftheport. « and the Mormons will doubtless find a boat oftorn.Whentiredoftheqattlandcrayonbe!s Thefollowingtablewillshowthemoveneatof 1MMeBtxpe4IIMeii|Mvee>tkle. Thetatthingto M 4«ee «ee for tko eekfetet to keM IkTk* MOMof UMooasmlttoo«a»eomssitteeweresupposedtune toe Executive Oomsnittoewhich they did, as fcllo»»:—eei mi ©» mi W T U I DuiccnteM t JI-- >* _ » : ; J S orIke Exeeuti«« Oewuuitoto have ..eentliive mactwa 00 uwsr ptn, although Ike yeSeta! u» many rcfreetaaf aymptoaet of I(:UI.UDuiJelargermentalfreedoa. TnetMattodamount atfuaaeootou^iogsotooAMoeitUeekMaaterreOMfraei aa> pubnahws enterprise, ee we were snoottollyseoai JteUakedlbrthatpsrpase.wbeoaKed ta*"1^. 8t**lii-geggsendpotatoesfromtheirneigobors»whosnailreceive compensationfortkejr totwbtkeytodrabkenrjeto,onttatsame1 day. Protestant Cbristiaos eaa see tba foil;^SmL, socrated hor.ra than during aU tbe rest of the weei. Tne •1 rpports of city pclfce cents will often show m»re basi- nets f>r Monday meming than ail tbe otber m irnysgj orReadtaf• W seats* seesMichigan On. fecthera guar. Ibtaols On... Oatona• • X 4*X'I*Rosa•nekstofavorofIkeorigtualrssotu- paida compliment to the reparMM<J*l•too of the Friday snperttition. Pbtloaophera difference in favor of *.be Sabbath soperst.tion.earaigbtened between the fear of the BibieicNraL»ie^er«,sbes»id,w*«theplt»W«f«. ontbeonehand,andtbeinfluencesofdevelop-In turdaynight,tberowillbeexcesstatbeot£erdiraottoatke views of inftdeis were d^imejt T**re, ,tlng to the reporters, are the instrumeaaaStoeoTesa°eouIdnot be ccas'.ieredal m Ibeoaneeof infidelity,and he ask- ItoTreadthe reportintheTribuneRosa preferred even ceneare froai the toabsotatosUeaoe, Silence killed diacusiien, butinfidelprinciplesbe- Bantolatbedemoralization.Inpreacbinij»ArrnmooN SESSION.Tke Convention came io order at balf past t *a o'clock,to*<*X « * * « X-\thf1»ai fai d*ji »'.eei eraB Ortsi fasto tol SITor IBM HtollhW BterB-ic> 63,1*BitoT 11(tea P: srrtol»FHi -v<*Bi Bogfof wwe BOOBtototeto have no furth r ee» f«»r the* maeoy.tkeTreeMrer'ereportwinexplaiitoo ftoswi »*> ofourfinance*,aad with ©a* regret that It Is not isure to- when tke attendance of infidels was exceedingly sparse. of thefurnaw horn. When th K'biew tor pbar)kMa discharged government tea aster was shotvurabte, we d»mi«a l e e *ubj*etTea breads nave beee organised d«tegtbepast yser,Wktn tke proceedings began there were not more tottait was a call for store clerks, de»>:m and bjye t ^ ; the operatioB The writer hasrepeatedly s*ti tbtora and deacon's boys leave the S&obatb. mwling, 488 80 *2K The stock marketall last week.twenty persona present.ketawetef toe* weak to austoefe end mesne. Your The tat knjlncM brought ap for eonsideratim. was too midst ot sermon, prayer or praise. Ln obedieuctfeoeoe ot ttom eioiOUSegieimptoBW of We end efficiency,•MBWUeeumisstsfstthatel)poesiblceBooaregemaptbo eewsteuedteleereeiitoebraociiee,eetoejwill «»aw- •Uytermoestrus ef actum ttutcee aoompluh much iohorn Tbemoreconsotentiousorfearf<!!whoare' nevsthatbas^notfederallycomeuudertheddel; of necessary work—though it r%y be nioreim^oibeingbenrfloisllotbelaborer;tbeperformanceisto thefourthballbroughtCornwelltotheground.HisbodyreaoluticnsyesterdayproiwsedbyMr.Treat,andea-tb-jcontrary;thelegislationinthecase &aUagsiMttbe tohorer; it is part of a Cnarch and State lesgoe,a wi^uodrel scheme for legalizing wholeeste robbery, op-prefBion and wrong It is,a oomb.cation of consumers agaiustproducers;itislawyersandpMestsagainsttheir intheexecutionoftbelaw"That'stheendoftt.titled "The Platform of Infidelity."it,e way of IHwalistog e priaet rtadea people. k On motion of Mr. Ctnana, the word "only" was struck them than tr»e yther to the others—ire oltsjkwasbroughttoOgden,aninquestheldandtheverdict rendered that "John Cornweil came 11 bto death by a shot from a revolver fired by John Thompson, Deputy Sheriff ofWebercounty,inthedefenceofbe <*wn li'eand whileiiNo Ntuu have Dtee received the peat two •waitersfreetNee.4,f,t,7,ff,11,IS,18.outfromthepreamble,enthegroundthatinfidelitydid fleeoflaborandproperty. Id:siseiby tbe Sabbath injunction to make a t-eot •Yom toeee of subsequent organiswiooe, many of teem not only teach disbelief to tke Bible, but in a great many the case with favmers in seed timo aed 1cl'f.rjis aud dapes; it is State houses, court boisas and Tbe Probate Court is agate In regular session, and the verified these anticipations. Tbe republican can*priety of appointing officers for the current year, in saerrflce to this monsirois 8ap<srs*.;tion. tnerf-mr Commvsioes totect-irehave bt«en issued to C. R Klnget, which Mrs. Rosa took a part, contending for the reap toe constant, incalculable iojiry to biilrn^I,-f"Impofistktt Decision of the Court otAp-ef Brooklyn, N. Y., and fnomss Genu, of Philadelphia,aae oorfteeoaoeooa hee keta op»ae I with otber iauivi-deeia on the Subject: at present, however, no other appli-cantDaekeenfoundwtlUnganddeemedqaaTfledtoat ceaseofinfidelityhssbeendonewiththebestofmo- withpursuits'ortmoravamettinknowledge. eassetheteeyeeetklUtyofstandardbearertatkeearOf tivesandunderstanding. Bethoughttbatthisladyand instanceofitsarbitarymterventon,haa&rain; •Buttons.tereits ti science;—On thefithof December, 163;). ta«ro was a Venus ItwasaneventofnooriinarjimYew committee eaaaot let this opportaatty pees with-out referrkTC to tke past year aa one of diSksaily for m«s-steaarytaeor. Tkepetitieaimaeletroiuthateveryfour heldtoBoston.connection withpolitics,coincidencerBoroamoH roa a cearraAi UAIX.Tke yaamnajw called oy a reeorotlon of tke yrevUtus evening, relative to tke hiriag ol a hall for the parpoeeeThe ' execution" to to take place whenever ordered by the Governor in office If the Governor does not order It, It never takes place. The convict remains imprisoned for anfodefinlteterm,liableatanymomenttobeorderedto instantexecutiontoanywaythatcapricemaydictate.emperorswereenlistedlaitscause,sadthereigioawas sadIntooneheavenlyascendedmind,and,therefore,re-principles of infidelity by attacking >ak» infi'ieia them- •elves, who, she said, would actsupport theirown prtaetplea by- pecuniary crotributloos to support a Baa New York was Ike centre of the Union,and she thought that if halls could not be supported all •ver the Union, one might b e supported in New York. Mrs Rose tkea proceeded t o compliment the reporters, ead te defy any society to have such an array of reporters at aay of their meetings; shethankedthem, eadwas glad, even when they misrepresented and ridiculed their proceedings, because the principles of the society were brought thereby into aottoa. after none further remarks, to favor of a central ball, lira. Base moved the', the Cen- tral Committee have power to hire a hall for the uses ofIn which the penny a liners or the press were in the htbit 0'misrepresentingtheproceedingsottheirConvention.of nature, and dragged him to the altar of his b uo- naturalidol. Hisreluctanttask agonized tare-he hastened back to his rational devotion, and fiof casei. republic only. A secession of Southern States It1ikybeurged thatallmurdererscan,underthenowthe society.Mr. PAIOIBK commenced by a eatogrom upon himself oaaaimoutly adopted:—Ajipointnunt 0] Missionaries—Brigh&m Trimmiug Up theLLdzrt— 2>:- Emigration on tke Waint—The Federal DEATH o r a Tnvnrs&sn HERMIT — The McMtonvilto(Tem. jLiVno Era announces the death, on the 23d ull , of (>1ji:trt—Laii Sunday in the Bowery—General Xeux.potototoat of tke old officers.Mr. Pautaa paid a high compliment to Mr. and Mrs.suspensions and irregularities of mails, the wasto and money to delayed iravtitlers, ttc iu^rrcnt:8 developing sciences, and tnlarfercn^c in varl[Prom the Albany Journal, Oct. 13 ]AmongthedecisionsjustmadebytheCourtofAppeals TheadvanceinsomeSouthernStatestocks—as,forRose, observing that *hatever they have done for thebar husband were In every way above reproach. (A p- places.)to one in the ease of Mrs. Hartong, which turns upon tbe instance, Missooris—has been quite marked; anil constructionofthonewlawtorelationtocapitalpunish- thoughthisisprobablydoetoaccident,andhagMr. Cvmra moved that the next annual Convention bewrtarcountrynowabsorbstheatten- Mr.TXBATthoughtitshouldbeheldinNewYork. astronomy,andofnoslightinteresttosstron 1 of ali class, aed the minds of many other wise ea- Mr. WAixos thougat Cincinnati wood be the best piece, was tbe first of these transits taken observ&'-iosfsage,teunconstitutionalandvoid,as«epoiffacto,be- theforceofthebeartheorywithregardtoarepub* causeitprescribesadifferent aad increasedpunishmentu<mai mea eeesa eorderlaf epoo freuzy rataer than upon and at the same time t t would be a:tmg oa the doct rme aa records show. Kepler had predicted such a 1681. But It transpired while the sun wagfrom that in force at tbe time when tbe offence was com- mitted. To the punishment Of death it superadds one year'sImprisonmentathardlaborlicaa victory in November.WhatevermaybetheresultofMr.Lincoln"! election, presuming that he must b e elected, and] to whatever lengths the enemies of the Union mayuntiltheConventionadjournedtotbeeveningsession. 1VKMNU AND CLOSING 8SSSION.TheConventionreasjembled on Mondayevening,withincludingthemummeriesinconnection,tog4 tbe accepted assurance tba. tbe aoceptoss are f othersisanatonementwiththemt)rtheirin; This is corroborated and confirmed in other ]cider mills, &'• He waa a North Carolinian by birth, andwssasoldiertothewarof1S12. HewasattbeMo- bile ftattofc when the battle of New Orleans was fought.is withdrawn. If, therefore, the election of Mr* Lincoln should really be followed bytheconse- quences which are anticipated by the bears, aud aral society with whisk h e wee connected fifteen years greatly diminished numbers. The outside attractions of book which enslaves tbem with Sabbath andgold have 1none, bat 1 will walk bu-nbly with my God,"asmentionedbytheprophet Mulacui. Mr. Palmer was stve1ormaHtietofasceticismandafoarphilosophy. T:.ere alien,forthouartaholypeopleunto theLorSCWDAY, Oct. 14,1860. Last week was, like the preceding week, a fair average in respect of activity for this season of thethan those of holders of real estate or depositors U any of our banks.We do not presume to foresee what the future may bring forth, or what may be the results of tho political events of the hour; but these considera- tions are, we think, worthy of a little quiet thought.The September earnings o f the Little Miami a n d Columbus and Xenia Bailroad were as follows:— SepWmber.I860 $116,93429 September. 18» 116,982 19about to speak of nemo seven millions or so who had been slaughtered for the sake of Christianity, whenTke PasMDKrr called him to order. There was a specific resolution before the meeting, and as \ there was no time to spare it was proper for speakers to confine themselves to the question.>Xsoasma L Ross bore testimony to the seal of Mr. Palmer,who,however,weenotabletodoanythingof kisaeeVin the opening of a hall.A sanctified people! too holy to eat carrion, holy to sell it to their neighbors. The con* and its consecrated houses are too sacred to with teaching tbe arts and sciences tbatrwolctfon were both wbioh the Oonvention'89 $7» X WXsiofchange. Itwashisopinionthatthemeetingsofthe Europeanhorizon. Thi8"M4»n:BApolloatnoiinfidels should he scattered all over the country.Mr. JJAkaasaa sad Mr. MUSKAT agreed 10 saying Out a larger audience of infidels could be assemiiled iu Cincin-We feel grateful that the fever has nearly reached IMerl wax, aed trust that when the disease suoeides oarpeople will agam return to reason in politics as well as la— H i s of f*tth, and unite in oae determined effjrt toridsocietyoflispresentfrightfulnightmareofmodern semblinginoneofourWesterncities.ytety, and, by the cultivation of a true manhood and Mrs. ROBSsuppo tei the motion for the Convention towoman boo*, pave tke way for that glorioue culmination be held In Boston, as that city was the fount from wh. ; iof ietdetttf—a universal orolhernood af toe kuano race erery infidel movent has sarong. Many great inn iel* ard It wss Sabbath. But he greeted the rising s mtreefreedomTkereportwasunaaimsusiyadopted. nowinthatcity—thecommitteereside-there—uadthere histelescope;andttarebetuxti,*;Uimo-iusTketreasurer'sreportwastkeapresented,showinga waseveryplausiblereasonwhytheConventionshould making themomentousmeasurements,wafc; balaaoe of »*0O « tee treasury. The report wee adopted. be held there. church time. Now came th e straggle betwee]The Court also expressed the opinion that the new law,having abolished the only statutedelntsg banging as tbemode of punishment, and itself prescribing no no * mode.theretenownoknownsentencewhichcanbepronoonoea carrytheirangerandtheiralarm,therearesome against a person convicted ofmurder in theflratde-nati than n New York, and strongly advocated its asAfter some loss of time In useless discussion, it was end superstition, between ardent love-forfortheJewish,ChristianoranyotherSabbath?Verbum sot ja;.vnf, par nMUfratrum—requitteai in pace-sentedbeforethepublic. Hewishei tbeInfidelstobe Itcannotbepresumedtbattheyintendedtoretaintho fairly heard, and he did mt then care what their enemies very thing which they abolished.might ssy. He also thanked the officers of the societyfor tbe manner in which they had dtotoargedtheir duties,pMdkparticularcompliment;toMrs.Rosesooneofthe mentprescribedthereforwashorningattbestake. It wouldbeseriouslyImpairedifMewYorkbecame* shininglightsofinfidelity, andaftersomegeneralre- wouldscarcelyanswertoclaimtbatthoLegislatureto-marksdeclaredtheConventionadjourned Theinadetothenindulged to theratherfamiliarprac-tice of shsktng bands prior to departure, and very soonaftertbedisciplesof Terpsichore wereflittingaroundin whichtoepunishmenttoimprisonmentforlife. Batsupdecided to leave the place of meeting of the next Con- vention to the Executive Committee.agonizing fear for the assumed-to-be supernal had been taught tbat to "fear God and ke. mandments is the whole duty of mac;" that "t1Tbe fRssiDKMT then made tbe stosbu speech to the Con-vention. He coctrratulated them on the harmony whichba^l prevailed during their sessions aad on the prospectsor InOdelity for the future. H e expressed b i t warmestthank8tothereportersofthepublicpressfortheatten-tionandassiduitywithwhichth«yhaddischargedtheirdutt<*s,andsaidthat, from thegentlemanlydeportment provisionIsabolished,bangingremains tbepunishment property. Realestatewouldfeeltheeffectofcivil with which they had conducted themselves, he felt satis- by common law. Bat where tne Legislature repeal a sta-of the Oonvention.•samanmL.Rosethencaneforwardandsaidthe tkefollowingrathercloudyresolution,whichw«nnot theLordthatiswisdom,"andthattie"fearoThe WAITBB of Greenburg, with great oerem>ny, movedsaasisugaredforIkewantofahalt Saethankedthe acteduponinaaydecisivemanner:— istbebeginning(otherwisetranslated,princ reportersforthenotionwhlohtheyhadgiventhesociety, Asmankinddoesnotyet appeartoknowwhateaarity of knowledge." It wasthe same bird which was aa improvement on former notices. They to, Resolved, tbtrefore, that the only charity tbat will tbat bad oommaudel him.to "remember tken. Thatwastree;hotwhatwastkebeginningof cementedwith,tatoleavetheearthandallitaelemen4 manlyheroismenoughtoentertaintwoortl Ckristiaaity? th efirstChristiana were small in number, for a living free for all to help themselves to tneoi. and vatlve, rational thoughts, must not inevitablf sad composed offishermensad the dregs of society; but employ themselves about it, independent of hiring, buy- tbe conclusion that tf, in bis superstitious fa? tkeprinciplesofthereligionhadspreadtillkingsandiigorselling,whichwillunavoidablybringallinathotiy,hadfailedinthisgreatacquisitiontotbeworijust as severe effect on all other descriptions otwere sot over thirty persons present that evening]. Thelarge dancing ball next to the rooms cccupied by t i e infi-dels having been engaged for a ball, the Impatient dancerswere on thorns of anxiety during the evening for the practical, reliable and useful, generousyear. The exports of produce were nearly double those of the corresponding week of 185'J; the ex- ports of specie small; the imports of foreign goods considerably larger than those of the same weekclose of the atheistical proceedings. The close of t:ie Convention had, therefore, to be hurried through.Mr.TBKATwastbefirst speaker. Bespokestronglygenial, reflaed andaff. ctionateas neighbors and companions and parents, brothers and slate; bepollution,profanation,sac*liege*Theyareto teaching things to ba wraogledt about witbi fit;K ettles ought not to pot in their claim for central there could be no possible harm in men io these days separate friends, tbat sever social, conjugal, psj too. It was all very floe for New York to having as many as they pleased. Bat, to shoo tbe wis- filial ties: things of faith—f&.th in the supernf &L consider itself as the bub of the universe. Aa far as dom or these times, if a man took as many as two wives unnatural: latth in accidental, partial, partlo Jartook sufficient Interest ln his mission to publish a refu-tation of the increasing slanders against Utah and theMor >. 'ions. He had more questions asked him "about the dent. The following are the comparative Customcrime, wretchedness and poverty were concerned, it was SO, but la intellectuality it was not. From this he went on to speak, as a European himself, of the tendency oftoe was chased all over the country until captured and dence; raitb in miiacles; faith in prayer for illin thrown into prison- interventions; faith in a good to'be moved b£lmHouse tables of the trade of the port for the week and since Jan. 1:—Increase $952 13 The Housatonic road earned in September—Mrs. Eimxsnxn L Rcsx followed with another of her slon for war or for peace and the olbor leag to look after tke almighty dollar, which miii- characteristic speeches, teeming with blsspbamy and Sabbavh keeping and pulpit preaching; faithnumbei of Brigham's wives than about Jesus Christ andtbe plan of salvation," and no doubt that was a correctstatement. Notwithstanding all this backwardness • onthe part of tbe Gentiles, and the brother's up bill mission*arylaborsintheEast,hewasfully satisfied thatagood Drygoods...... $779313 1011370 1635.807 CITY COMMERCIAL REPORT.Heaven that but "few" can "And,' faith in that does not keep them from pious frauds, andotherwrongsagainst their neighbin: competency of their teaihers to anatheraatiLag la ravor of a central hall. She denied tnttjuoh a hall "tJoeephus," in which no mention of Jesus can be found, them—In a word, faith in the undefio&ble fai woultbefer New York alone, and she scorned snob an n«>r the slightest particle of an allusion to tbat name. binds them and abuts them up* to*, Idea. Tkehallwealdkeforbenanlty,andItwouldhave Tberewasnosuchpersonanymoretbautherewerein liberal in their thoughts andgoner0 tke effect of raising ay missionaries to spread their pria- existence Sampson, Minerva or Jupiter. Be conttiiued to sympathies, who would repudiate tbeIMPOSTS. MM18«0 ^crease$29 281 19 $3,843 26agatcst their principles ot infidelity, which they had brought with them to this country. The rest of this gentleman s speech wasTnade up of remarks on the ne- cessitytomakeinfidelityrespectable.L. Bonacomplimentedthe lastspeakeron , but differed from him oa some points, speak-profanity.Mr. M'.-REAY made a most outrageous attack on Jesus1859 1.310 108 2x22 36(51860.2 341531 3.976.898Christ, and eventually came to the conclusion that nosuch character ever existed. Thewhole thingwas whoteachatvariancewithsuchandlikefai foundedonadream. Be(Mr.Murray) knewoaePlinySmith who has In his possession one of the oil copies or damn all those who do not believe what theyf*?joi\soikhadyettobeaccomplishedIntheStatessand that Generalmerchandise.1446618 konebtpeople,manyofthem,yeathousands,wouldawake Totalforweek.. $2,225931from their slumbers and inveatigateasand embrace Mor- Previously rep'ted 113,539.?52 191,612 642 183,018,430Mr Mnnmav said that the establishment of a public The Sabbath of Christendom is from the Jews. Tjhare is kept lowered down in th e most, atject and1 OF Srscis EXPORTS OF gpsens1868. 1849 $88ff234 1324,763I860. 16679Common to cho ce Western extra 8v Louis extra MixedtostraightSouthern Sttaifht to good extra doCuolce extra family and bakers' brandsBye flourCorn meal, Jera*y aad Brandrwtae —Canadianfionrwas alsofirmerandthesoppneslight. Tbe sales reached about 17C0 barrels a $6 a $7 66 for rood andextrabrands. Southernfionrwasactiveandfirmer, and receipts moderate. The sales embraced about 3 600 barrels, closing within tb e range of the above prices. Ryeflourwasfirmandtbedemandsteadyatquotations, with sales or about 260barrels. Cornmealwsa steady and to fair demand, with moderate salss ofkaillatkecityofNewYorkwasoaeofthosethings noevidencethatitatnstttutorintendeditfjranyotherservility. It will take other legislation to laboring classes, legislation that will give t ledge, at least that will not thrust them dovfl noranoe and trample them Into Imbecility af Let it begin by undoing i t s own wrongs, b r ? charmofpriestcraftandliftingtbeincubusoff it has itself been the Instrument of imposing* I tbeprisondoors,strikeoff thechains it has forge and fasten, and allow and encourage tbe f« 80 a 7 7« 7 76 a 9 00 8 »• a 4 M 8 M a 3 96needed by the ihudela of the United States. A t it they had no headquarters at all, and tf aay in- from other cities ossae to New York they could n Jt be heard. Now, there were numerous reasons why thishailsbouM beestablished. Their principles wouldal- ways be nt'im istsaaatst Mthey had no chance of de-people. To be regarded as of beneficent origin, from a source of infinite intelligence, coming with good will and intention for the benefit of all tbe races of men, it should not have been confined In its proclamation to this single, singled,singulartribe.Tbe Christians In adopting it have made an ana-satlrtied with the divinity of tbe cause, and admonished his hearers to abide in the straight aud narrow way.The "Prophet" closed the affairs of the forenoon by a general surveyof tbestateofmankindInth'smundane sphere, and one of the clerks read a list of the nam*s of tbemissionariesabouttostartforEuropeandtbeStates.WHAT M aXFaCTBT) OF THS MlSSIOffASIBS. Mormonism is largely favored with tbe "recuperative'' quality. Whilemanythingsinitscheckeredhistory69.244 96841,247,497feasing themselves beforethe public. For hi*part no- chronism,causingcollision andconfusion notcompatiblething weald please aha setter than to remain in New with Infallibility of wisdom and perfection of order in ato escape from the dark BastUes of superstitif forthintothelightofnatureandreason,that;York for a Pew days to show to such men as the editors of supreme conductor of their affairs, controlling withpaper?If so, tt was a vorv onicoarse to pursue.expectation to show, before the argument is through with, not only the right, but the propriety, of carrytagit through to consummation—to afinalrepeal, expungement and ex-Legislation In support of the Sabbath is SU| natural, legitimate human developement. Tlaverage of $19,661,293. The Sub-Treasury move- ment coufrnues pretty quiet; the balance yesterdayly one half of which was for future delivery, at $1 66 all 90 for choice whtte Michigan and Kentucky, white Canada do at p. t , $1 45 a $1 12 for ordinary to gool wa:taYorkIvtftiSBswhatwerethetrueprinciplesof planandintention,Withaviewtopeace,harmonyandaykadnoball,an1evenifhisdomes happinessIntbefamily. Thentheyhavemotitledthe ledgemayfreethemfromtheslaveryortollln}Ielbavebeenregardedassomanydeathblowstothesys- toheshownto-morrow. Thelaststatementof tem, with renewed vigor it springs Into action, and with spebie was $20,147,828, which did not vary mate- resurrectedlifeadvanceswithafirmerstep. Lastwaajht permit ke could not be of aay penalty In countless degrees, from stoning to death down cetsi re, protracted days, unfitting them for useinthecity. Bedida*thinkthatthelnb\mehad toadollarfine.WasthestoningtodeathaDivineadmin- andusefulnessontheseventh,fltua<tbemtomight ke done, ke would himself sub- penalties and the command.TbeoriginatoroftheSabbathwasabadmoralist,and,are thus legislated out of knowledge, and tntof. andthraldomofsuperstition, aregrtevooslylit It is shameful Iniquity and heartless lnhums'the c!os6l)f the week previous, and $4,177,299 a t and amber Western, $1 81 a 61 84 for amber lows aad Wisconsin,$129a$181for Racine spring,aadtl23atxie quite agreed with tke spirit of the resolu-wtmlddoallinhispowerforthesuccessofthe Kpossible,aworsephysiologistandnaturalist.The puttheoppressorInpower. Itprovideswaythe? corresponding date last year. The banks $1 30 for No 2 and Ho 1 Chtcato spring Corn wss with- outimportantchange Tbesalesembracedabout76,000morality of this command shall yet be shown and seen for an Insatiable conspiring priesthood 1 wasagreatmbanksoftheftflissuthat toranaboutparallelwiththatwhichpermittedthis themselvesbydepressingothers. Proteftnlspecie for some time to come were itbushels,includingWesternmixed,atTica71%t,aadgene* on the ottor, tbe modern Sabbatar'sns rthemselves into labyrinths of difficulties thatcanntvflr lead them out of, and enywglementisciences that prtosto can never eitricate them V•Ademoralising. They are forced to fabri:«tofor their own violations of their illvine comicfaa'acterising tbem a s works of necessity, f Boate worka of nectsstty ? This they e e8oe for departingatpensurefromtbeBibletmi Itiie*Veoktgather.they set up the Bible requirements as of divine ant in practising for themselves they redice it to &»* dollars and dimes, A daptist deaoon an i his sbuft mo it, were owners and operators of a btost f During a blast asoorearmore of b»nds werb M as much on the Sabbath as on any other day 0! UPi TbeB*pttst meetinghouse waswithia.he&ring'$Ifnoimproperlaborbeperformeddarings^xa*y«, tbciois no propriety' in refraining from labor and n» ' cH\ for re*t on the seventh different rrom what is caaed • for on otber days. Oa the otber band, aa agitation ttutt r.sntempiatiS and provides for tbe work of scree days to Eix Sa unnatural and inhuman, shortentnit life and m*s;ng I it'mieerablej such an, institati in is the legalUJd Sabbath 1 0."Christendom. »Aga|ta.iflegislation is todoanything 1 abjot it, it can as Well provide for e xty hours' work beingdoneduringceyendaysastoprivileforitsbeinglone during six days. !¥^~,Jlwoy, th^n, with *11 pretensi:>u 0? tbe Sibbata•*#* • * *6Kloeophers of his day" then said there wo another of these transits till 1781—x time eyes, of bis generation must b e asleep In JeremiahHorrox,ayoungEnglishman,detec Kepler and Lansberg, and satisfied himself would cross tne sun'i disc ou the 6ih ot" De-3toeTheretoaprevalent ideathat,althoughthestatatoary had,however,saidthentheirsocietywassmalllanamsavehumanity,andwhichthetrulywieepractiseandaredaytokeepttholy."Now,whatthinking fiedtbattbeinfidelsofAmericawouldbefaitbfillyrepre-tutewhichwasmerelyinaffirmanceofthecommonlaw.war more severely than railway stocks. Housei andlandinNewYork-haveavaluewhichisin «ledge, it would not have been wisdom in bim ' propagatedwiththepoweroftkesttord Suchwasnot moveallcausesofdispute,oppressionandcruelty. ledgeforhim? Hewasaccurate. Saporsttj tkeobjectatthissociety Shewealoatodefendtne Mr.WaixoMmadesomeremarksconcerningthemanner cam^—torehimfrombischerishedshrineiotcommonlawdefinedas"pettytreason,"aadthepunish-litancharacterofthiscity,andwhich] tow Biwits BrIK IIItartomaw B«uir» te -c Heilo A Beli-.ls.siSete«pei s t l i Sri S.t *-;- 1 .x-1 Sc. N l IV! so w-.-ci *r;f e Scj Sd .- Bel 1*mor fir,JV Be •a Sc tV, J^f. Sr So sv• s c IV IV *c >r Kf-.Sc s.5f 8r Be Se •v Kr -,;, «.- -'B44a*Br fceeas WiOl She 1suit!cam Svkas B,rejx * b aBi >>• fiepiThis drew forth a brief, sharp and appropriate replyfromoneof thereporterspresent,eliciting the general wasgratifiedinhismost enthusiasti5desire. 1>taw,bOconvictedofmurdertatheaexmddegree,forwouldhurtrealestateinNewYorksoonerand]applause of the Coavestloa.Several members thereupon made speeches ta favor oftke press sad of their representatives, andMrs EasxsrrDiE L. ROSEmoved a von of thanks to therepresentativesoftheseveraljmraalsrepresenteddaring tke two days ef their Oonvention.Among the celebrities present during the aftynoon Convention was the celebrated Mrs. Ajah Isaacs Menkeu, who attracted the general aliention of the intUels and the faithfulto the Inimical Sabbath, nor to Its ignorant |Before the setting of tbe sun bis longing eyes #«.with a sight that no other eyes had been blesed discovery of transcendent importance is a gras^ ec nobllngdepartmentofscience. < . t \It is a sufficient condemnation of the Babbai 1- tbus wages war upon science, and puta sucb <£ c and interests in peril. It was the auth>r of th ira! Institution who is said to have stooped the aa whole day," while be displayed himself a s war," and "fought for Israel." Such a trifier wouldfiddlewith the world on fire— JTOUMmore fatallythan itcould suchpropertyasstocH in the Galena or New York Central railways, which do not depend on the existence, or evert thepopularity,of theUnionforbusiness. Again* any event legitimately calculated to destroy pub- licconfidence inrailwaystockswouldnecessarily destroy that confidence in banks also, which are more dependent than railways on the public peace and prosperity. And there is this difference be- tweenarailwayandabankpanic:theonein-years is the hollow of a large American poplar tree, tothe opening of which he bad fitted a rude door. l a t b e terest—railways—can g e t along very well with- centre or this hollow be would build his fire In winter out public confidence, s o long, a s they have and for cooking bis plain meals. This hollow also servedasbissleepingapartment,anditIssaidbeslepttoaslt- freightandpassengerstocarry;buttheosher— itag posture, reclining against tb<* wall of his house. A 1- banks—lire exclusively by and through public con-Jointagbrneartothistreehehadarudeshedwhichheusedasaworkshop,wherebemanufacturedchairs,boxes, fidence,andmustfailtheinstantthatconfidenceOn motion ef Mr. CURTIS, the following resolution wasforbisconstantattendaneeoameetingsotthesociety. Resolved,Tbatthepualicationol"Darwin'sOrginofTke gentleman was proppedtag te eater on a disquisition Speiies," "Buckle's Bistorv of Civilisation" and' damaa Plutarch's writings sad the Gospel according to at. baldt's Atheistic Letters" in mis country, being eacu pro- breaking the order of the spheres, and brlngiDASIXL WSST. tbe well known hermit of tbe mountains, at lastSundaywasaparticularlyinterestingdaytotbe theageofseventyeight. HehadlivedforanumberofLetearthunbalance-!fromheroroitfly, Planets and suns rush lawless through thd""Saints."' Brigham was in One spirits, in one of the free moods for talking vety plainly on matters and things pertaining to the kingdom generally, and for tbe benefit of missionariesspecially. Thootherspeakerswereontheir"biub heeled boots, and Jews and Gentiles had each a word InseasonabouttbeperverseneesofyonEasternfolks, editors and members of Congress for their indifference to tbiBgrowingkicdom,andforthealmostgeneraldevelope- ment of a disposition to disoblige tlie Mormons by taking an unsensible view of tbe grea; q lestiun;—•'Wbu is toor- mouisrngoingtobecome." j -Ttc leading speaker on tbe occasion was a yojng manrecentlyfrom tbeEastern States,who, from U.s tali,seems to have been on a missi in which threw him fre-quently into the society of M- C 's snd gentlemen of t h etripod, (a* course, the L'ditorlal brotherhood were moreoccupied with toe present than the future, an t had devo-ted the cream of their minds to making tbe next Presidentrathermantoauyconsiderationofsubmittingthemselvesto tbe authorities of the coming milleniom. It was very last year. It is too late In the season to look for bardfortheyoungelder,ashesaid,toAndanybodythatmoral sentiment* and the interests saonucedmost other grounds, still cling to the idea tects the laboring classes against exacting emp! Sabbathtaxestbetailorsand depressesthe onerous, unconscionable and destructive, cf Itmakesthempayforbeingdeprived of ku being disciplined into Ignorance,and thus pitTarsus character, they have escaped the memory of your correspondent. A ll t h e same, a big work Is about to beaccomplished,and,astbe sequel shows,someim- portant missionaries will shortly be en route.Delegate Hooper was called upon, and said some few ^things to tbe "brethren and sisters" of a hopeful charac-terabouttbetriumphofMormonism. TheM.0.was Fortheweek"inthecityofNew aresoInexorable. Thehelplessnessandhopelessnessof theirdupes—thusdeprivingtholatteroropfOr.itttes the appointment oftheFull complement ofthej—:j—w~«lMmattheAmeri 2*taa aweste ate all infidels:theattifodeofthemoneymarket,whichseemstoindicate"more competition for paper, and partly onthe idea that the curtaament which has been inSouth. Tbesalesembracedabout7000bales partw speculation,partforexportsnd tospinners,whileStOO bales included, were sold In transitu. The market alusedi firm on the basis of Ue. a 11>» c. for middling uplands. FREIGHTS —Rates were steady, but net very active To1toaaeeatmedatooaokaVettke^wntobvZIn reducing and subjecting to this enthralmeat the -Uo- batkhasbeenachiefinstrumecUlity. WithoutIbisun- meetmeaxstoaidthemingettingtheirbreadaadbut- ter, tbe priests of superstition would nave to changemuch of their power to criminate for doubt and disbelief. Taking it away would greMiy diminish their prestige aa beingtheirJeborahsviceregents. Removingitsin- junctionswouldlearethepeopleatlibertytosetfcoppor- tunities for obtaining salutary knowledge.rangemeot, but that tt tt an tBlqultouTpf whichapartarecompelledtodoworkthatstar videdamongall. Thisisaccomplishedbypr«* legislating th e appropriated part Into ] conditions. In an equitable arrangemeoe by ede-bers, with suob disinterest*i reeltngs, the chief object ofambitionmustnecessarilybeaaincreaseInnum- bers,and following that, emigrationtothisplace.progressfortwomonthshasgonefarenough. It jLiverpool,about76COa800(9bushelsofwheatwereta-nothtoaets. He(«rCarvta)kaiwWVTIthey dirty andaadtible How will this suit the missionaries of Either denomina-|kenat11%d.all^d.,toship'sbags;200s308balessfoflt- I ton at 7421 : 6,000 a 6 0C0 bbls flour at 8s. yt-i., 360bbA j rosin at 8s per 810 lbs., with some cheese at 46s. Toduetothewithdrawalofdeposita,occasionedby,London.860bbis rosinwere«nrsee•attsfd.per288 lbs; 18 tons clover seed a t 40a , and 1,000 boxes sheets themovementof'theWesterncrop. Thelast'at60s. BatestoHavrewe-esteadyandunchanged.loansfverage was $123,337,157—a decreaseof NothingnewtranspiredtoGlasgow.HAT -Sales of 1.200 bales were made at 70c a 76c,$1,512,269fromtheweekprevious. Atthecorres- andat80ca90c.forcityuse.aaerly itnftidetles, and these wereinoreTin?.must, however, be remembered that the heavy re- tions?Someofthemengoingareleavingthebestsocial ductioninloanswhichwehavewitnessedismainlyIv- . al lroaa Ha*Ait*e toB.aaw- *awayata navemustsla' would attract attention. Thisbim pbytocaiy^ &t me same time defrauds kH'Sl ,[i«c Consecrating time and attaching •acredness to It tuslly sna thfis keeps bim unable to rise 'geance O.hers,again,areleavingtheirfamiliespoor and far from being supplied with tbe necessaries or life. Yettabothcasesthe rich and lbspoor startwiththe faith that they and their families will be blest by the s» crifloeofpreaching'<withoutpurseandscrip.'allotherslavesIsnottobementionedinthesamechap- „.£?°W.£dge lHimm*f *°"»•"•equit.a.KblIySS3 ltj.m missionaries, hegavethem a plain spoken warning.tar or volume, nor thought of in the same hour or day Not that there la a' y eoommy of time or # lb, or It is not difficult to predicate a great reinforcement towith tbat of the slaves of superstition and priestcraft. gain of power to produce for human wants'' oaf the Mormon ranks abroad. Men goingforthin such num-«J^treeabie tkeir occupation. With the loots of It, they woolHose s tkea dirtv and unmannedv Ch.iMi._v7toatathendirtyhavenothingtodowiththese. HowwedantikBe*etow'soaualdaof owntog.BatthisdeftiudtogofThetoborer"by?fe^itin*,' a—Ft mask gflaammffli issss ,mn a L. , 0. 1 9 " * ^ * • heartTta!a^L-*i « •*«manual wantslabor t o wouldprovide each|ifglf°"lfig?***•fcodconsciences and pernicious prejudices in the being defrauded. ivedmultitudewhoarekeptinignoranceoftbein- Itiscrocodileorytag—ittomockeryandcawptomSSRS.'Wponding date last year the banks had loaned out $117,289,067.II0LA88B8 —The market was quiet, and sales Mailed withiatberangeof25;a88c.forCubamuscovadoNAVAL SIOKBS —Spirits of turpentine were steady, wltb sales of a few hundred barrels at 41c. a 41*c for straight lets and 42c. forshipping parcels,aadat43c.torNowof nature. It mtkes them arrogant,« Oiling; them with *than others, beoauee oftag six successive^ days, and thai unttothing better oa the seventh than to be 7tensivestealingoperationson thePlains Oapt.Hooperhis trains, when encamped near Wood river. The cap- fairly quotable, on call, at 6* 6$per cent, and short afloat aad from yard, at $1 46% a $1 66. Grade wasb e well as physically,forpositionsintbeTerritory,andwhentheystartIpresume good, toi jOsf ually their outfit will be oonflaed to as mu ta as will take them acrossthePutins. ThisistheApostolicstylewithaven-° f " 2 « • » snaageiaemt as In favor of tke labott to their own blunders, i«-e- Mstoto»tofiaaw^k|saJtt| the benefit of his d«isnohumanephilosophy;itIsanoverreach! othort sosthem, polioy,thatmakesbeastsOfburdenoflaborTHE ri.AINSThe last mall from tbe East brings Intelligence of e x .stultifying namSeries,latrations. In Warren tows of God from the mouths of inspired -tatotocharge of the train was huotiog for two weeksP* ^if?i**"t"»wt««ntodictatedtoamwho,tosomemea- &?£?£.?*"*?** «"*»abo. bto practice tothe Tkelabordestroys;therest,usedasitla.adtrain this season has been subject to the visitations of figures. Long paper ranges from 7 to 12 per cent, quote city at $8 J aad English at 691. a 80c., with littlereturningminersaaddischargedsoldi-»rs,andtoconstant doing.Speraaaadwhalewereqetot,andpricesss- anduntiringvigilancealoneisescapeattributable accordingtoquality;firstclassnamesgoatthecbaaged.. A small freight train, under Captain Brtgbia H. Yoon* former rate without difficulty. Tho latest news PBOTISIOKS.—Port—Tne market was without animawoL,t*came into the elty last night. Tho weather dorinr yes- aad sales moderate aad prices somewhat itassmat terday aad teat evening was exceedingly atomy* and from Europe if to the effect that the demand for Use transactions were confined to about 889 •threa'entaganearlywinter. ThismorningtheWansatch moneyisincreasing. Thisarisesfromthedamaged 400 hats., loetodtof new meas, ad $1$ » • $1890,aadat$1440a$1480forDrisaa. Bssfphilosophy teach gravates too destruction. It u notbmg in toVwtnto*. hot to all agatost i f ^*Atr*ta.of Pessennr cars earns Plea for setting apar» time far though- ment. Theway to have this time most.-,thesideof anVS?S,_.Utfctcars•T\.* stoeasuper- TSaaatctoeevorystow.IntnreIgnoresthetlmountainsarecovered with snow A targe aorttonor conditioninwhichthewheatharvestisfoundtobe. was In fair demand aad prtota steady, with sales theemigrantsarestill00thePlains,besideTatreat ThemoreEnglandpaysforforeignfood,thebrisker ofabout 17$bbto, Including countrymess,stwwtor, 0 t t la thw ... . . . *be cars.irv> >< B,or of tow me,'wJLiTMthis man. Uv« * 2 ^ ? toad of saad, and h.eted toMJH,*of theUntitled Document_ andaottoahaveef totaga cannot be violate 1 with Impuaity.amount of merchandise. A large handcart comoaav is reported still as far back as Green river , and a n Z S r a n t ox train a hundred miles or more still behind that Thethe inquiry for money in London, and the duller the$6 a$«; repacked do at $9a$9$f, and extra do •* t l l a t l l 60. Beef hssns aad prhme mesa were aatoliae« nominal Cut meats aad haeoa were Am, while s»»sswww.fultonhistory.com—A „._'.!._ . « , , „ mmA at SVC a T*Cflr^"re"ircnirBtoofnature. Saehistherobtorfaoapremiseofprotectionfromthe.troops,theywillventurefrom Saturday nigbt until Monday morning. Danrg the former part of the ttrao there having been over ex- Lvuitfea and. denial, dcring the latter tbera will be over Btimulatidti and icluigence. There is more or base abt*?tonroentand bsastly lebauAery dcrtag these coo-id about with everybody,and by the time be leaves Territory I presume ho will have visited every piacjevery person of any note. OBNSOUL.On Wednesday a portion or Lieutenant Colonel Howeto command passed through the city o n i t s way to Caorfp Floyd. 'The remainder are expected witnia a few days, and thus the Northern California route will bo entirely abandoned for tho present season.the citizens are making active preptratiocs for the annual exhibition ot their industry and tbe proluce of the Territory. Tbe Social Hall to being fitted upfor tho iicoasioc. The exhibition comes off on the 1st day of Ocute stock market during the past week jt an] aCybele, representative of mother earth, and of /apiter whether it is to be by chloroform, or by poisoning, In tbe Olympus,fatherofthegods,arenotworthybedfellows Jan,orbyburningattbestakeinfrontoftheeapitol,orchange will do well to consider before they sell too) manystocksshortontheprospect Ifanypoliti- cal events occur of a nature to destroy the value of Northern railway stocks, and tb impair publie confidence in t h e securities generally dealt in on the Stock Exchange, those events will tell withthe me>ry dance In tbe balls where tho gloomy ascetics had been preaching profanity.Interesting from Utah.: OCR MALT LtKK COKRE3PONDKM.R.GREAT SALT LAKI CITY, Sept. 14, I860.pose toe criminal, to evade this, pleads guilty of th e crime of murder in tbe first degree bow can any Court sentence him for a leas offence than that of which he Is, by bis own confession 00 tbe record, guilty?Tbedecision,tothecase of Mis.Hartung bytbeCourt of Arpeals.it will be seen, also applies to tbe cases cf Stnchcs and another, no * under sentence to the city of New York.1 western route, and tho general ditlike of riaktof _. salltothetendermerciesof hostile Ind'ans They$83,124 46 1889SATCBDAT,OJI 13—6Y.V A8HBS—Themarkei|was steady,withsalesof26oar-rels at £ v4c. for pots and at 6»,'o for pearls.BaiuDsTrFT.s —Fiour—The market was excited with aspeculative nnvrmeot, in which prices for mostdes-ru- to;butnotbeingofthatveryforcibleDamascus,Paulof SinceJan.1.....$115,765,683 193934908 187.025,328 tionsadvancedabout10cperbarrel,andtosomect*emonism. Some illustrations of awakening were alludedJerseysndBrandywine,withintaerangeoftoeabove laattackingtkeinfidelsasitbadistration?Andwhatistbedollarfine!*divineorhuman,thatdaychaineddowninfear,du-knoss AprilaboutfiftymissionariesweresenttoEurope;riallyfromthestatementofOctober1;atthecor-figures.Wheatwasinspeculativemovement,Bidwith trotTo' him 11 appeared like a reftaed picw of bar- the right to carry the matter thus far towards abrogation tion. Nature, reason and equality protest a,on Sundsy afternoon thirty more were appointed an active msrket priors advanced from 8c a f c aer to reinforce. Two apostles—Lyman and Rich—vent responding date last year the banks showed an busbtd. Tbe sales embraced about 213 000 bushels, Bear-haahe sWi a- ui Bw«a ta v » % her tat! smi aofi ar.<; »e. whlbr Tb, eea •rro •Ol- th- seef>•'r JWT* »n tr>.h*1blackguardism, lb tke philosophy of saccsss philosophers of thatfoil the arbitrary subjugating work which? to the right to carry it farther. It is the intention and the producers ln the power of the (Itless consul^o England in charge of tbe fifty; three apostles, Pratt,Snow and Cannon, leave in abput ten days with tbe thirtynew sppotatefs Pratt and Snow are to devote theirlabors to tie States, aud Cannon goes to Liverpool as afternoon stood at $1,496,881, against $4,991,575 at Ohio and Indiana, $1 86 a $1 41 for ordinary to prime rel editor and business agent From this time until the nexta g w w awaaaki onsnew8 d^aaatar awak ewsakaw> ^aaalin favor of the es-tahlMbmentof apubUe infidel kali, and la order that purgation from statutes regulating human conduct—tbe thus cheated out of their brains are cheated. *raw withUncleSam,itishighlyprobablethatmissiona-ries will go out in swarms every April and Septemberthonrsttravellingmontuinspringandthelastmonthin(all for departure, to avoid snows in tbe mountain. Like would now probably contiaue to accumulate allotberhumans,tbeMormoneldersarechargeablewithef mflwaki tsyi saant but a assafl portion of "oboien generation," this "royal priesthood," this '-holyTkefactwasthattheNowXorkdelegationnation,"this"peculiarpeople,"tomake"bondmenandtestagainstotberandkindredpartst(ff4egis inarmities;butBrighanhassetaboutthehedgingup notfortheawardofthegovernmentloanwsssteadyatT?ca80c.Barleywassteadyaadpr.itrnmorethan300,000IntideS—men,womenhose people neverestoredaobureb,nor 1 Y^^**** »T wtatrab oWkjatloni. theylatlon in favor oftheEaiscopacy. Bf-Ifsle- process,andhssgiven,thenewmissionariesafaithfulbondmaids forever" of their neighbors, and to sell to gislation In which they league with &§ \ I HSOD- wecntog of his Intentions should they fail to toe the on the 22d, which, will have the temporary tokos the flesh ofanimals dying ofthemselves, (fee paUandCatholics,keepinguptheSabbath,illie{ infer. BcratcuIn thestyle which hascharacterized hisownDeuteronomy 1iv.. SI, and Leviticus xxr.,44,45, M ) more than all the rest, by which tbe people arl pu! ugat- missionary career. Brigham has become immensely rich effect of reducing the bank reserve to swell theunchanged. OatswereineroxidemandandpricesAnn. withsalesofCanadianandWestern at88c a39c.aa1 of State at 88>»c. a 39c.egotoekarektftheywonr<l,aodwouldnotif TheslaverytheSabbathhelpststheslaveryofall. edandbedinsubjection. Tbeiatfbathpwest»A'Tied" outhere,butasamissionaryhewaspoorfromdevo Sab-Treasurybalance. Itisgenerallysupposedin Corns—Themarketwasqnietandtaleslimited,with- '..-11****.*#*b*taamanbecomegradually TheretonootbertocomparewithIt.Nootherclaims forthepriesthoodbylegislation,enablesthem;pi ampt tion-*appruprmtlagallbegot"tothespreador tbe intbersegeofpreviousraws. /•— IIntellectuallymore aresoweighty. Nootberdegradationissodesp.~No themselvesfromproperaedsalutarymaouatlbi.sod wprk." Heexpectsnowthesamefromthosenowgslng thestreetthattkebankloanswillshowanin- Cono*wssactivesadfirm,withaspeculativenwve-andpretencesofsu- otberconditionsaresoIrretrievable Noothertoasters I^..V,HPUrp0!tU>oxtortM tniproporamounfTfjfrom out. IntheafternoonmeetingtatheBowery,probading creasetomorrow. Thisopinionisbasedpartlyon mctrt, Tberewererumorsinthesir*-isoffrostattheEXPORTS o r Paonrcs AN© MERCHAHDISS.as much as 16c per barrel. Tne sales footed ap aeons 80.000 barrels, dosing within the ranee of the fouowinxPreviously reported 20 509 237Since Jan. 1 $21 495.471Themovementof specie hasbeen againstthebank average, in consequence of the non-arrival of the usual remittance per Northern Light. We may therefore look for a decline in the specie averageThe week closed upon a very easy money mar-losttoonenighttwentythreehead of malesfromoaeof ket, andwereviseourquotations. Moneyis now Yorkbarrels Rosinwsa steady, withsalesofeosaasoo,quiet aed rommal at $2 90 a $3aadbadtogiroopthe task at hopeless. Nearly every paper,strictlyfirstclass,willgo within thesame Oos—The marketforlinseedwasquietandduh. wehandcart folks are mostly Scandinavians, who nassed prospects of general business. It is greatly to be were limited lard wan to good demand, with saW*P through New York about the beginning^*July ^a7?«»er emigrant arereported: - U 5 Ams*leans1 and E n -feared that this bad harvest news, which elates some of our grain growers so exceedingly, will re- act with sad effect upon our trade with England,200bbls atUXc a12.XCfornew. andto 18ca»)*•• for old Western.Rics was steady, with small sates at 4*«.» ««?• . .. Bosaaa were quite steady, wish sates of about TO k b * ,60,6o$JU41,261.17669767,793-• •:• i'V 'jm m jB 'l.Last weekby a deputy sheriff near the Weber river. Tbe deputy,withanotherperson,hadoverhauled Cornwall,andwasbringing bim to Ogden, where be was amenable for somepetty affairs. Corn well, being foolisnty left In the posses-sion ef his pistols, took a favorable opporlenity of draw-tag upon the deputy. Several shots were exchanged, and sold stocks, with a good deal of courage, on thfprospectisfavorabletogettingridofafewmorethieves, for a time at least. .the issue in November is now renderedlalmost cer- peal* l a ItelttUosa t o Pemishissettt l o r tain: yet stocks are, on the whole, rather higher M a r d t r . than they were before t h e Pennsylvania election.ment.The Cocrt holds tbat the statute of 1880, in its applica-t h eno tiontopersons'underconvictionatthetimeefitspas- naturallytellsuponthepublicmindandweakenabyssassftog,reststotbediscretionofnobodyknowswho, perhaps the Governor, perhaps the Sheriff.In the case or Mrs. Hartung tbe offence charged was at great measure dependent on the metropo-tendedtorevivethecommontewtorespecttithisclass orpromisedtobecome,thecapitalofaNorthernu KewTorkOen. 89tUsawarl •'•... T87 71* TtRock Island...ToledoPanama ...... 126 124 116 Hudson River.Pacific MatL...!***to.22,asrt %ab 1WJ£ esj? 86.SI was in an unsettled condition. On Monday and Tuesday the beanstrengthofthePennsylvaniaelection—theealcnla* tion being thaf the election of the republican eaa* didate, Cm-tin, would create widespread alarm andcausestockstodecline.Theeventhasnotdidate haa been elected by a majority so large thatprime lota at 72c , and fiat yellow (common) at 74c RyeA7$•OK 2* i4 7 * 39J4s m% Thomas M. Tryniski 309 South 4th Street Fulton New York 130691*«»todO'of Danesto make upthe nui•PMPP".U W 1 