 mm^ yap^g<«» jMi^Hteiiagai^ #d«iiiifcgL^jitfcoiifinanr«MMflwAilk,aat««af«MapadM.Tto THBsAHFOKiMincnnMxriMBion. tettafeMtqaaH^erirao.0>«aaplM«lt>a**$«B ycent.,andaomeveryshattandelu^accept-wfidTtoaaaftktaeaaafryamdMMIaaBadantlB ail- t^ratha adfla, so that it weald (anatwa ar Ihraa aneaaka^baandaBcattkaaaiiM rate; the rale lln, thoa^ one of great laaataaaa. Many af tkaas lanaUXMlm Balkra CaoMBer H*nn aad m dJWnaatilTaa aadthUakaw* tkalltwaB aaad Haa. for eo-day seeeptancaa, U.Hr. B. S. FaitoI«<a«jyii»-T»r*nmtt. N»w-HiTMc,ToMdar,Feb.T,18846J bill*, 7«:«nt-> "X* f" '<"»" «'•»«».prime indor»edpttaelpal the produc- but wine-making is re- attention, and twenty five years wUl hardly ere the people of at least the Bouthera half of native SUle, who have never faOed to offer •Itlnoa wonld welcome It as the harbinger of a thanks to the Giver of hairests, will, with heartfelt Mfkter day in the caoae of progreeelve and general joy, praise the Giver of the vintage, and look for its e<»eatlon. The honor of InauguiaUng this eour»e cooling as the crowning of the season. But wine- belemgi to genUemen of Yale College—an iMtitiiUon making Is an art wiiich most be learned by patient toil ino«* tono other In thla land for large contributloM and constant devotion. Grape- growing, however,IXHTBOir Club Sauoi!-^^* tmrivaled Sauce,manufactured by Paxub Baoiaaaa, London, can baobtained of their tn thla A. J, at agent Ci^, Pauas,I ateooiUenide iBceoreiileBce, for the par- sklU in cultivation yetisEarning* from Passenger* Earnings from United Sutes Mail*Eaningsfrom Expresses« 74.4M 00'!}????00&Tor of thepieeent of leetBies. Whaterer might be thought by fRrfomid seholan of the enterprise, he entertained BO doabt tk«t the man of oar and Intelligenteach; water front,luflmilitliln lielliiiiiiij III Ition of grapes ceivingpassthis myshell Is No. 4 ironside and out, both thicknesses. No. 3frontliollers,lt)efore they left our works, werepractlealto On BepnUlc of Letters, for dl»»overle» WlMiuieea, and for their application;reaUy a brilliant production. [A*nnlRant]m»Cce. Firit, the rapid multiplication of raxietles ; eeeondly, the bigh character of oorerlterloa or itaad-lieve in he had pruning,Mr. Ames did not know wliat he he talked with me. and I told himThe MetropolitanBankPittaton, Penn., at iar4 of excelleaee. The lecturer here gare a historical aceount of the progress of fmlt-nising, both inplace;cent.Xvnpe•rst PoDOlogleal Societies in our own land, wereIs the stump cut back to one budwhen to two,we have made a number largevat's and know itsOnTMBn, propertie*. Inallin-Atteation is called to the sale of valuableecoritie* to be made at auction to-morrow, (Wed-nesday,) at 12^ o'clock, at the Merchants' Excliange>by Adbiak H. Mdixkb, aoctioner, by order of theRi^cles had grown and decayed. A treatise wtiichacientlGc principles the particu-and makes it ever-bearing. The stamlnate and pistilate plants need not lie grown within thirty orforty feet of each other. Seedlings are easily raised The analysis of the plant differs In different places. The best six varieties are Wilson's Seedlings, Hook-is expected to be used.Q.—Are you In the tiabit of making boilers to stand^cent., ej-dividend. Bothano^H specilyTfi'STOibuyers of move-uponlar tocality and kind of soil adapted to each speciesthat test ? A.—Q.—Would you have used such iron for such boil-'and eariety of fruit, would be a desideratum whichA.—No, Sir.and Burr's New Pine. There are many others was No. 5 by the gauge—the sample I received.legislationatAlbany,thepreliminaryffhllpiH i)e appiieu at or near the surface. An orchard should always be kept free from grass or we^s, aad no other crop should be raisedgrown on a single plant.To-night a discussion on the grape.place? A—Twenty-four inchwhen the trees are small, and even 1k<p> only a few vegetables midway between tk»i;raws. When the trees arrive at niaturiiy, eultlvation should not exceed a depih of more than[BT TILZOaAPn.]—Q Have you any idea of the cause of the explo- mittedTollingexceptsion ? A.—My idea is, that the bracesover the dome gave way ; it might have been done by •'the " who areaimed at by theon the lower House,the roots should never be dis- from' 9ced new and improved varieties suited to eachexplosion.tkrea or four inches;likely,to in- steam would naturally cause an explosion. The crease their contracts against Galena and Chicagoaud and Rock Island. The market took Chicago1,000 shares of the latter, at 62i, seller 60 days,;and about 2,000 shares, at 62J'g>62J cash the cashDr. Via Uoas discouraged hybridization. H«Mlleved it tended to dsgeneracy and imperf«c-sions takeof the truckage and cartage of the boiler to its place and if one of these iiolts should get out, the whole would be weakened got up;sales of the Stock opened70i,ioealtty.placeevening.;tlos,tiutwith one of these bolts out. the onlinarvofhe must have overlooked the fact thatmany froea one kind to another by the breeze or by insects.of his choicest varieties may have been the result ofpressurenatarai impregnation, the pollen being conveyedwant of water would be another cause of explosion Normal School will take in the Wash- and the mode of having the stop-cocks and only one placs safety-valve might be another cause. One safety-Mij' Kbisbt, of the Londonwas in favor of it. The improvement of plants by tUi art is illustrated by the turnip crop ofdlBerenttieaimem.The lecturer concluded with awhich the valve was bent indicated that itupon must have been tient when the valve was The following is the Cottontore. He ^!!ff,^°l'^"""='"";immense scale of con- on in Europe, and especially!^'^^L!."l!' with man»->;^^iMtocedaeimtoaf vast Improvement. "rh.„thCTaMtaUe Ungdom so dear uwo-that market had already takenSStHbteiSS totkeFaikethis hand,and I'Zu^,?"' 1:^^ ner will attend to the case thisplace.al culture. "The innate hope to regain a „ iLost,' inspires even the most humble toSnyxia.— down and the valves could not have been screwed in;Reo'd at Ports 2,»33,00# l,47l.»0* 1,483.009 2,O16J»0 l.*|7,000keaatawthesphere of rationallabM, adorn our beloved land with orcliards, gar-Foreman.dcMind vineyards, and fulfill one of thepose* of otir being—to promote the health and hanpl . aMMfBWfellow-iaeiL"10. J. Tapscott,11. A. O.17. J.O. Low,At the recentthe United States Agricultural Society, the grand goldcyltndlcal form, the of the arch strengththis report of to the extent ol crop,iii»^ as'the first President the adjournment of the Courtthe true to tell the of iron week. In quality only way quaUty lastand connant paMa of the Society.* It is the largest and most val-regardThi Ankoyanci EzmwED.—Tlie boys who at- Is by testing it ; the bracing between the top of the the Circular of Messrs. Wbight * Co. says that dome and the top of the arch appeared to be suffi- to the re-'"'' '^""P"" "a Droooist.—Coroner Hoxtoh wasterday to investigate a case, where the death of awas No. 4 ironPomological Society,Fruits should be A6oul 40° lahrenhail;TURB.appointed hour or thereabouts. Dr. C. W.terday a woman was severely injured inof the explosion is the want of witer orsome even are higher,At the»*»», the &mousbyone of the com-of the Policenegligence of the flueswereNo.5iron;Engineer in charge. the shell appeared to tieat New-cultivator of the Delaware grape, ^-i commenced his lecture on grape cul- b«g,„ by jaying that we had no absolute " ""« from the hands ofsuppressed the annoyance, but it will be necessary; 1 shouldjudgeOrleans are now comingIn the nat- to the mralsaid by many that equal to 120 or 125 poundsFew TObject* exhibit » remarkably the progress of•Mltoat Ion as the mere sM of fine fruits. In the pro- uMd instead of wine, the lecturer passed to theat 150 pounds to square inchmade as good as we knew how to make them inThe most beautifulet er in specinensof theMake oat listsspeakingBieseof Pomology two facta are worthy of special consideration of pruning. To those who do not be-every in estimating the horse-power of a steampublishnd this country.tM Foatytraaiaa aad Hastacbnaetts in 1829, buds a eavT, unless from some qpeelal circumstancesaad that of New-Haren in 18S0. Now there aye more than 1,000. In 1817 there were no nur- ••toeafanynoteinNew-England. Nowthereare BUy. ThenWesternNew-Yoilcwasjustbeginning totoaettled nowRoeheaterIs thegreatpomologi-it receives a special name. When two shoots spring from a stump near the ground, forming a fork, and at pruning time have the shoots cut to the length of a foot or so, and are destined to have tieariog shootsMr. Eastman wasms. wareLow'a sooTHoramUon* of bottles are now used every year la;•al emporium of our country, and contains the largest •ainiaerelal nursery in the world. It is estimated toM Ike narseiies of Onondaga and adjoining coun- tieecontainIftymillionsoftreesforsale. Fruitwasnowit is numberedamongUie ensiiiiiiii bounties of Providence, and the most num- k)e cottage is rarely without a fruit-tree or a grape-Tiae.Oar country has taken a leading part la this enter-— grow from them, they are called tkigk*Onlyis oenta alHS,feimerly a luxurycaused by the globe-valve being shut escape having a good fire under the boiler;ofsent forth the shoots which are to l>ear it.buds have The vine the secon-;prise. NatiTefruitsarefastsupereedingforeignvari-eties. FormerlyouronlynativegrapesweretheCa.to«taandIsabella. NowaBostondealerbuystwoaad • half tons at one time for his own trade. A ma- the moisture from the atmosphere, thus keeping the85WcV)H GlrardBto warn exists for American sorts, some of which will ^wHlsii prore of excellence.plant Irom drouth. The ends of the bunches should be cut off, that the rest may ripen perfectly. A trellis a few Inches from the wail, say three or four, willPierrepont House.AUadied subject is the manufacture of wine. A perfect the larger fruit, a stagnant atmosphere being;looking at the fragmenu tn465,411Beetom manufacturer produces annually, from the wMgrapes grown on ttie Charles River, 20,000 gal.iMi; Connecticut manufactures 200,000 gallonsatjMO gallons; Missouri has five millions of acres avitad to grape culture.AU the strawtienies used to be brought from the <eld8,now a cultivator in Massachusetts produces ]M boaliels, valued at $1,300 per acre, and another informed beliind the trellis which effects this ; but to get the vinous flavor, a greater distance, from nine toeighteen Inches, is necessary. A trellis should be twelve feet wide, and the vine should tie planted five feet from the wall.ilR. PARDEE ON THE STRAWBERRY. Mr. R. G. Pabssx, of New-York City, gave his firstin theyaid; the quantity of mud in the boiler sur- prised me—so much that I felt that it was impassible03 39 WXdMaetts. In 184S it was valued at $744,000in 1853 at •l,in,00e, and in leeo it will be 2,000,000 or over. Tke soil and chmate pf the South, contrary to com- MB opinion, are fovorable to the culture of fruit.;—^wbea the vastThe beds should be mulched with tan bark, straw or some such material to the depth of half an inch, no more. This keeps down weeds and keeps all but the strongest runners from taking^ To JtiTor—Keep my time with the (atguas fiavy-yard ;) don't know that my time and Mr. Eastman's were the same.100 100 100vineyardsJaUnginthe great Valley of the Mississippi, and injka fe^nreof the terra-culture of the Nineteenth Cen-be used about the plants, as it iojaras the roots. boiler seemed to be well made, with the at the close to the exception especially satisfactoryspecula-and orchards now fiour-grow.do doeaa ay.congratulation forforgery at ChU:ago.paaiMaciitIstomoltipiyourvarietiesofgoodfruit- whenthefollowinggentlemenwereswornasGrand cockopeningintotheboUerfromthefeed-pipewas lJ"woU??f:p.WCOO216COO 126.000818483.000*l,1!l9i0a,,000Oto SMmaae their abundance—to scatur them feaaiy alBBg the rugged path of life, and thus wouldfirmly closed, so that no water could be injected IntoTotAlExSorU i,739 000 1.ai.r«l 840,000enjoyment, dignify2.3. T. Suydam,""• l*" "ke himself, and like him sus-calledbut it judgeItwere not locomotive boilersi;""^ pool, asof last season,.* " "°caused,asand not inof the 465,000shownthe week, at very full prices, added;so late by saying that he was at the fire in Elm-stteet,;.great pur-K.S.Tirowb'ge,Klpp,18 LewisMorris,rftoGBrit'n M.OOO 61,000 40,000•8,000 60,000Ohio,3,000.130Ji boo. 131s«0.130)i 130X bea.i30HanotherinMississippiof15,000. Manyfruitsnearly appiyashes and 12 bushels of lime slacked with water hold-;took the iron and went to tied, and told me to wake 1,000 K. R.4thH.Bds. 60 lOOKIch.So.AN.kei/t.-.., ""J"' °'Hoyt-street, wasdruggist in putting un;ano love underfavorSkating at Boston.—The Bostonians are on-joyingaseriesofskatingcontestsontheParkinthatcity. On the 4lh inst, the match was for ladles, once been avoided if the engineer nad attended to his that ofkaTabasBtntradaeadlitotka itoayard. bat have not loBf teaialnad to ftTor. It la la tk* garden and the Ttnayaid that wa atist study the vine to order bestThev»lBesofFrance—^iadlij BBCOND DAY.tonndentaadtt*at154o'clockP.M.,yeaterday,whanthe tlonwaatraaeadedwith. Thecasewillbeeonduded:OCOiother receipt* into the 8n»)-TreaBnry, $70,000;eapabmue*. «tlyeallad"aobla,""generoos,""l""*-*^*?TM?invastiga-APicTTTiKo»Too*MntD.—Uyonwotildhave disUraementa,$129,000;balance thi* afternoon,"yanr mental maasora" takaa, by which yoo aan tg,S43,615.i,ik««Mned haU cordteMy welcomed Hon. Has- are produced only by the greatest care. =• "^T" to-day.MKwines of Germany, where the vine »««TBI Tmaorrknow exactly wkat yon are, yonr capabUltla*, andIhe New-Tork Life and Tnisthave declared their tisaal half-yearly dividend of 5.P. WasBB, of MemelmMtis, u he entered the it. in Winter in order to pre«irve"TJJT*-^JfXjr Samutl tVoo^ni^swomto Praf.yoor faults, go Fowuta,MS Broadway,Companyto such «1nes •» »«. resides in Hartford, Conn. «i»T«naloff7." HJ.W1LBIB cammenced brnTlBg not even for preservation, «id Uie prodactJen ton * Co., with engine and boilers ; 1Vi^tte,U<t&l«lit,lo<lellTerhtoleetiu«oii "Ameri- of no••t lie kad accepted the polite InTltaUan of Prot of such wines Is *« ""ii"'for the table ;commends itself to everybody. The method* are so obvious that there is a certainty about it belongiog to no other culture.Moul- made a eon- tract with them for a fiftyhotse engine and three boilera, round water front, twenty-four feet long,New-York, falLaad have^Irring Fire, 6Afterof for the sick, to be growing grapeseonsequence;Ames,of$7theand theatUlned. subject under conslderaUon, however,The»0A1>—1859 $1,420,912who do, he ofiered in the firstwhat 1 he wantedthought my price,[Aererttoememt.]HOLLOWAT'8 PULS AND OlHnCOT.—White^a few definitiens in order to a better understanding of the subject. sad Id our own country, aentinning tliat the Shoott are the growth of one year. The thart spurbe asked and 1 ktold him he to the with-;the Pittston Bank, discoDiit.ofthree or four buds, a Img spurwith more than fourternal olteaaaarelyplan the;distributionfruit,evenliefore thethe water consequentlyMONETARYthree kind of buds— dary, and the auventilious.evaporatesand is converted steam into986,024 838,769 822,392producesprimary,the;1 ttunk thegalea at the Stack Exetokk«e—Fas. 7. tt.OOO United St. Ss.'74.ic<?^ 320Krie BaUroadThe lecturer next proceeded to show from drawings the method of pruning and training the vine, giving at the same time hints in the cultivation. Manure should9wnitrogenous the better, as manure of this kind atworbs;always beell rotted before being applied—the moreCen.B.'ig.lOOi<2.000 XrieR. 1st M.B. 95 100 do6,000£rieR.4thU.BsM 25IllinoisCentralB.Tradesmen'sat the South sends North every year from rootlets of ihe plant injured as little as possible. The seven o'clockbest time to transplant Is in the Spring, though with very well, and said that ills finger was better100 do160 ni. Central Rgentlemanaerentotenthousanddollars'worthofpeaches. We careIt;60 Bank of Commerce. 96 100 Cum. Coal Pret.... Mioaa approximate to an estimate of the fruit crop of Ike Cnited States from these examples, but who can toll wtiat will be its importance when the numberless yaung trees planted is the Eastern and Middle StatesThe lecturer said he would, in stariing a new bed,place the plants three feet apart each way, and allowthem to spread till they were only twelve inches fromeach other. Nearer than this they should never four minutes to go from ray house to the factory.11100 do100 N. Y. Cen. RWilliam Buriun, sworn : Wium next passed to the inquiry, " What root. Water may tie added with great advantage in sides at No. 41 Concord-streettlse Sootfaem States, shall have arrived at maturity? foLMachinist, Brooklyn, re-the; steam you have the less water6Mkt. Bank 15 Park Back& Artisans Bank5 Metropolitan Bk. 8 do.apple dealer received last autumn 20,000 bbls. of ap- till he should discover the cause of the failure. He boarded with me for a few weeks ; saw him Thurs- ICO dohad done so, and could now grow them as cheap- day evening previous to the between five plesf^om Niagara County, N. Y. In the fail and as to his and six o'clock he remainedexplosion,101106K 60 doAGRICOLI. Nsw-Havsk, Tuesday, Feb. 7.; 1 putNo.4ironin a '24 inch boiler, which is a size tidcker than No. 5.Tlie interest in thp (Convention increasesStrangers are present from various parts of the coun- causes whichleague nor is itaddress the Convention on " Pomology."eachBROOKLYN INTELLIGENCE.Items.—The Commencement Exercises of the Brooklynington-street Methodist Episcopal Church, this valve is not safe.Jnothing to say, but to thosewanted himself;receives the bills ofin some po- The first obj'ect of pruning is to bring the vine with-putting these boilersbottle^BAlrls.sitions, -onns.up ; I saw him last about three weeks ago Mr. ;We also turn its attention to fruit t>eariig, not to wood malting. Moreover, wesome plosionI have beenin reasonable limits.pipe ;;theresince explosion;;regarded the price^"^^cent. MHltSTLVABU OnTEALlecture this aitercoon on the Strawberry. He came, think the iron in the boiler of the very best107k 25 do99 ICO Galena k Chic. R.lao dobesaid,tospeakoffacts,nottheories. Hehadtriedand the quaUty, workmanshipgtxid,sofaras1couldjudge.lOCnion Bank lOPenn.CoalCo 54 do86ii 58)4 68H 68)4s30 79V 60 Ciev. * Toledo B. . l»5«Ccnneeticnt more yet. Other parts of the countrykave Improved equally with the East A Boston but without success. He deteroiLined to experiment street, near Park-avenue ; 1 know Mr. Eastman ; he 510 Pacific H. S. Co.... 80 60 do 8l5 68Sito grow strawberries for majiy years by high culture,MargaretBostwick sworn: Resides In84!<60 do IfO do -wlatar of 18S8-4 Boston exported 120,000 bbls., mostly experience, is the tieet method : Select a warm, ing until between six and seven o'clock, and then he 56 do830 s3079)i260 do 19>4660 Chic. A Bk. Isl. R. <214 79 400 do B3063H Baldwins. Theprogressoffruitcultureis well11- moist, butexposedsituatioD; for earlyberries,let saidhewasgoingtoNew-Yorktomeetsomefriends; 360 do 830TSJS160 do b30«2Hlaatiated in the returns of the frnit crop of Massa-;Avoid high, barren soils, and those which are wet.To prepare the soil, make it cleaning the arain open at both ends to allow ttie ciixula- tion of air. Pulverize at least two feet is depth,he excused bimseif for out beingC 62J4 boo 02^ 2Hly potatoes. The following, according:imderdrain, leav-of the children burned;7|There is an orchard in Georgia of 9,S0O pear trees and making 10 per cent, of the soli as fine as superfine him a warm iron to put to his feet ; he said he hardly (5,000 U.S. 6e, '74....10eH 100 Reading Railroad . . 38;ifiour. ror manures, 30 bushels of unieschedknew how to sleep for thinking of wnat he had heardbe2,000 E. Cvt. Bdi. Tl. 28H 600 do 39I.R... « -worthless North are rendered valuable under the ing 3 bushels of salt in solution to the acre. Trans- him at half-past six o'clock next moming ; saw him 4,000111. Freed. Bds.. 98J4 200M.8.&N.I.G.!)..b30 ISHwanner climate and genial sun of the South. One planting should be done with great care, and the next in the morning, about twenty minutes before 4 000 N.J. Cen.MlI.B.lOO ICO Panama Railroad 14 A m. Ex. Bank 3S\ SO do; may be done any time during the Summer. breakfast and leit the house about ten minutes10 Cleve. Col. k Cin.R 86 H Pacific M.S. Co. slO 783^ 400 Gal. & Chi. R 68Feb. 7—a: fair amount of business at the aratkebestmeansofpromotingthisartandscience?*• ripeningperiods,providedalwaysitdocsnotstand receivedapieceofiheboilerfromtlieCoroner,and BlockExchangeto-day. ThegeneraltoneoftheThere was«f loiL The former is the great distinguishing tion little attention is needed. The hoe should never iron ; I found no defect in the quality of the iron ; the market was irregular, and upon the whole not; large quantities, except during the flowering and in Sanford-street sawthe remainsofthe boiler Fhbt, thorough drainage and the proper preparation and become stagnant on the soil. After this prepara- examined it ; found the Iron a very good piece ofFieldculturedifferslittlefromgardenculture. The thatsomeo(thesheetswereratherlightiron the ;ttaf. It is to agriculture what the telegraph and productiveness of the strawberry about New- York light iron was in the upper part of the boiler the tors of either class. The change in prices from ;•team are to commerce, and to the progressive civd- does not average more than 40 bushels to the acre. piece ol iron 1 received corresponded with the top of yesterday afternoon is not important. The Kail- iaation of the world. It is an indispensable condition There is no di^culty in raising 150 bushels under the the boiler near the fire-box ; that portion of the biHler way Bonds, if anything, were rather firmer, anddaily.the ordinary pressure of steam ;there are threeDiscus-and.Yes, Sir.ers ?aad meteorological agencies, fourth: Manures and er's Seedling, Longworth's Prolific, Hovey's Seed- Q.—What was the thickness of that iron? A.—It ments of which threaten to pass the Pro RatingaoMMonewoulddowelltosupply. Third:Climatetk^ application. Analyze yonr soil and your crop, linganunaoure according to what you find tbe plant nearly as good. Wilson's Seedling is very prolificaeaba. Mulching is an exceilet practice. Manure 260 berries, many of them large ones, liave been and a sixteenth of an inch thick.measure throughreadings;Q.—Is No. 5 iron !A.—it is an eighththat it can- not become a law with the concurrence of cither the Senate or the Governor. The latter is com- in favor of the Roads, butFirtttui^ed with the plow or spade. Fifth : The producing try. On Wednesday Messrs. Allz5 and P&axxa will —Sometimes in moving boilers the bolts get out of as the alternative of the other measure. Theevening RicaAan A. WiLusaa, late foreman of ({.-It is in evidence that a week previous to the^to 5"! at the close. Readinghad less£a|^aod, of whoee importance Oasiu, Wissrsa Hose Company No. 2, W. D., has been explosion there had been 80 pounds pressure, would price closing 623cent. Galenaraaitted: "England would fail to pay the in- presented fellsup- UtaM'of her national debt if turnips were ex- with a gold watch by the members of that Company, that not be an indication that the braces were all port, and after telling at 58 on the printed list,chl^ad from her culture." But nature's theory as a token of theirof our mechanical works on the strength of iron show that No. 5 iron would tiear brobably three times the pressure of the ordinary when we testBom Boted pomologlsts obiect to tiiis, but some va- ried^ succeed lietter on tne quince than upon the pean hut tliey should always be planted upon a luxu- riant soil, and be abundantlyThe St. Vincent de Paulwere filled, Erie was less (irm, selling at $9®?8J. The Bonds of the Com-with nutriment.The^ should be set out deep enough to cover the place Truant Home. The matter is In the hands of ttiequired to run high pressure engines;my opinionwere at the full bids of yesterday,wlKve they were grafted 3 or 4 laches. In this aeffvooldform independent roots and would com Mae the early fruiting of the qulace with the longevity •f tka^aar. They are weU for—more than it was able to bear probably by the carelessness of the engineer in not opening the cock that communicated with the other two boilers, and on account of there not being a safety valve tocent, of the New-York Central andsuppliedabout the inunediate cause of. the was, that explosionpany, however, the 4th Mortgage 1also firm and in Illinois Central shares J request.®adaptedroom is scarce, and for persons advancea In^waythecausedcities, whereskatingganized in South Brookljm Monday night, by theregardD.(R. C.) Association have applied for permission to in- struct the children of Roman Catholic parents In thelish orders of yesterdayCaocEzs, Secretarya certificate that75 pounds of steam, the ordinary pressure usually re-Eied,cwBho, were they relying on the standard pear for to direct them in the matter, but they nevertheless each boiler.ftntt, would die without the sight thereof. Some of motive piinciple.tlu beat cultivators practice this An will try the experiment of four cent fares, but will To Jurort—When I put up three boilers, I put on a^ 1}•fkatf an acre, near Rochester, yielded 40 barrels which were sold for $16 per barrel, making $640 forhalfanacre. Seventhaxndse of the most careful Judgment. The prunlniamputating knife cases of extreme;taUspftbepomologlstis « IW'raigeon,Steamersfor Dlstrictof examinedthisonLondon,:Pnming,whichrequires thefortheBostonmail,P. M., was mostlythe rate* remaining 1081@109like the to be used only inavenue;is one of the United States Inspectors ofand The Banking-housesPreserving andThe patentees off6.20|®f.5.18iMcaasity. EighthJlaeh proeres* has been made of late. Fall frulu ha«tk«eBltrot till Spring. Summer fruits should be raiered before the ripening process commences The pear, if left to npeo on the tree, forms fibre and lartna, but whea removed, and placed In a still auaospheie, sugar and juice.la a cool, dry and darkla the tjest temperature, but uiffereni varieties recmire';A club was or- right? A.—It would anyshares at 39 steady,Is that Uke produces like, and the lecturer recom-»d«4 tke planting the most mature and perfectaeed of the aoet hardy and vigorous sorts. Sixth: election of the following offlcereThe 4alttTat!on of the pear, upon the quince stock. BURSH, President ; D. M. Tannwiii., Vice-President such boilers It is customary to test t£em under a afternoon, but with less demand. After the Eng-:Truant Law The Railroad Com- Committee Citypany, In response to the action of the Common Coun- cil, say that as to the matter of reducing fares, they do not acknowledge the authority of the Board;water pressure of 200 potmds to the inch, and thenplan. orchard take the lllierty of charging five cents again when- safetv valve to each trailerone valve is just as safe,tinue from 80 to 781, closing about 79i demand forof fruit.ever the Company deem it for their interest to do so. As to the matter of incieasing their accommodationsthey propose to do just as they please, consultingtlieir own convenience and interest rather than that"Dickerson & SlctUes' cutafi have warned the authorities of this city not to use theiron will standnomorepressurefromsteamthanwater.of the or the orders of the Aldermen.the New-York;boiler—the remains of it on the second after daypeople, obeyiiig "on Pari*.were the buyer* of some parcel* of Southern"cut off" on the pump engine at East New-YorkThe Board of Aldermen, at their last meeting, adopteda resolution asking the Legislature to pass a bill,now before that body, authorizing the authorities of which made me feel anxious to examine further, andthis city to raise $1,000,000 on bonds to construct a market Wiluam Iholiss, formerly a weil- enboliwcn resident of this city, has recently been sea-lenci'd to the Illinois State I'rison for ten years,Inauced the policeman to let me go inbox, and the valve firmly in its seat : the manner In hands, and present rates are fuirly maintained.pro- JurorsS28.0** «22,00B 78«,0O* 608,000:bJ^L.nWd.l,(^.0O»Of which during the past weak,1. Jamis a. Perrt.S. W. Pneden, 9 U.K.Moody, 16 K. P. Sherman,;then examined the fluesincluded te the U0.**0 72.0** 82,000man, residing at No. 64is supposed, by the mistake of aarsenic insUad of magnesia, as ordered. The Coro-tliesethey are single flue boilers, any;bales in excess in the above table, and yetwOdviaeacqialresgeatsize,andble ctrcnmstances raackes dimensions almostbeliif ; but, for garden and vineyard purpo^a,alz4i* itot required. In Paleatlne and Persia, almost viving the first prize of a silver goblet, valued at $25. sides at No. to North Fourth-streetP">'l'f'l\as't^\^' the bales marketed yair,Thf3,851,000bales were actually consumed by 31st•aMtifMnpare with the frnK of European viue- »<»«"• P'I'es ,"We have no changesdemand for Money from yesterday'* report. is a fair demand, on temporary employment,Thomas M. Tryniski 309 South 4th Street Fulton New York 13069beyoaJ greatround the course, or one-hallMrs. mile,and was won bybutlncfs.TAot/ias AckermftytBwom: Steam-boiler maker; re-3841,000773,000 bales were takenIst, a sliver juA" 'liie same is true of the wild vine of Italy and wa, w;,„"i' 'V/"'''' "' *' urphy'5 skates,fiteec*. All the better varieties of Buropeao grapes vJC.TJIAWREN..E, andthe secondbyiGioKoi FAanaAM, of Lowell:time2 51);she re-ofwhichby at home, and themoming.total of 103,000 bales. AnotherBr upon yes-as itU not a general cus-Poiso.vtJtole"about 360.0WMr. Hammel December,{aboloos stories are told of It* sUa and age, and of 'he second prize was won by Miss Addis Food, of called at my place and requested my brother to go the mUU in the Northern StatesIba tmna of it* fruit ; but, in the latter partlcular, it frS-l ' "'"^ 3:11—a beautiful pair of Murphy's down lo get pieces of the iron to have them tested; remainder in England and on the Contment.tw'"'' ^^^ second rare was of five miles, for gen- went down and selected three pieces f''" " fNeptune myself;being—goblet,fhe first prizeMorgan Iron Works, one piece toImji Works, and retained one pieceThe piece we retained we tested, and found it toThere at 6Jary OalThe Con>Ber>* Jnry raaaseaiblad at tke City HaUAt ttl* of tke Cfnaarad- iouned theiltaugmeber haartapgroaefeatdhiaaesa*aatkaantU 1 oWocfc F. M. thla day.[AHWtfcllMial.]howerar, moregenerallyforty-two inches diameter, two flues inthe in- brick head, these proved bythree-eighthshalf theget requisite pressureparticular;cents,GouKioTB'B, No afi2 Broadway. 6 4P' cent, per annum.; flues, No.5iron-,No. U Beekaan-street ThlsartieleiasBpetiortothahead,cold water pressure, one hundred and tento thepound*we put a steam gauge Mcaxn? If;five-stxteenthsprice._^:The dividends on the above to the Stockholders, after payment of interest, 4c., were at the rate of;should consider these boilers.^$3,130,738 15 $2,231,817 0«110 to cold water 1* pressed,Totalsteam I ;safe these Boilers wereVALINTIKia WBITTUI INCoLOU AHD GOLD.morewater was reduced until the flue became bare aadheated, all the time the pressure of the steam Increas-ing the flues or; collapsed, floated, and then theto my recollection 1 have never made any boilers in anyboiler burst the usual is88^C40X 2,000 do 95^ 60 Harlem Railroad.. 9;way onesafety-valveotherH. 8. WeUet, contractor, swornway.How thickQ.—What size boiler would you have put In thatWa.Fasras- pressurerequiredtodrivethatenginecent. Michiganand |13i for the preference shares,as onMonday;:wtfkAoit* and towers. « • « The mission of the of criminal business, was opened yesterday moming, which the feed-pipe was Inserted ; I noticed that the Fi^France StS.OOO 3f.1.000 190 000 284.00* atO.OOOripeningI found place fenced up, and could not get in, and all Igivetnevwill be safe with perfectlywii *MdmaaT.V ^have led to theat to be adoptedmighttheir braces, when they are first put up, by the jarringpresent,Is aI furnishedNo.your ehaiaeter written ont Ingeneral machinist, andengine. It is a 60 pounds pressure to a square velopes.inch on the boiler ;;teething, with never- Relief la Ini-i-^-tr and eartala.;on the Pills,;caligraphic art of names and call early. Priee 25 ywoiutrh en-agreed price,and theup complete work,mirp.ac- to Eastman has been In our employ some he hasCourt and executors.irznLT ATxaAois or tna panAsiuaiA bask*.;the work was turned overSupremeto finishI have no doubt that thethe ex- was no steam can;he was trustworthy;failingsneoess.Eastman had nearly completed—he was waiting forHiunie'B Patent Champion FW -Proof Safe*, Mo. lil Broadwu, eomar af Mimray-streat, oppoaltoPhiladelphia.... NorthAmerica.. 2,811,174 Farm.AUech... 4,046,682 CommercialMechanics'N. Liberties.... SouthvarkKensington PennToirnsliip.WesternMsnnf. A Mech. CommerceResides at the hasexaminedtheexplodedboiler,for it to have been generated tu the tioiler ;ef the boiler was coated with It nearly ail around satisfy myself, 1 knocked off specimens of the mud and brought It home. [Mud produced and exam med by jury.) Witness continued: I think that mul must have been put Into the boiler after the explosion160 do120 Panama Railroad,Spencer-86 100 doat my bouse that even- for late ones, to the he went and returned after I h«d gone to bed—he said;it slope to the East or SouthNorth. The soil should tie a fine, gravelly loam. it was one o'clock660N.T. Cen.R 350 do50 dodo do.and if steam should beleft off 70iit was owing to a greater pressure being on the boiler^better and the Bonds ;Illinois Central weretheexplosion;on going on Sunday upthebill*John if. Wteki, sworn:Those boilers were built on thebut there is the more danger from neglect::City 787,11( 66)« Commonwealth. 439.941 58i< Com Exchange. 380,2»;Resides at No. 41 1 Myrtle-which closed at of a moderate tradeo'clock character,;Sauce,'•1'3'3•,•7"2i8 $5,se2,SSS21perfectlyiout any abatement; it would be justice to Mr. swellings, felons,Ames to say, my reputation turned the scale with him tuslon*. bare no terrora for tboae who poasess Hollo-asof those boilers; witldn the last four years we liave turned out about ttiree hundred tons of^them, anditiUs Is the only one that has given outsent here by us to putcording to our customAmes A Co.fourteen or fifteen years putupagreatmanyengines 1washereseveral times 10 see him when he was ;;AgFAIRS.;the same day it exploded, in company with Samuel 2,000 Hnd.Rlv.R.1 m..l02H 140 doUcElroy, engineer after 1,000 Hud.Riv.R.2dm. 98 300Raih-oad.. 3S^ Dnion sl5 39^Reading the ruins of the building, went to the part of tne boiler 7,000 Mich.Cen.R.Sp.c lyoo dothe Insideto;Dei. LackAW.lm 96 8,000 IU.Ces.R.bda. 89and heard the screamsnot think It was late, the time had passed so quick atthe file ; told hin he had better go to bed, and gave noan I0AB9.asked him how he slept, and he saidpast seven o'clock ; he was not much excited when heErieRailroad Siicame from New-York; he appeared as usual the next moming ; it would take a person about three or79 600 do b39S8 703i 200 Chi. k R. I. B. .a«0 «2;icultivation he recommended, in the Winter the plants was rent asunder with the rest. Panama shares decidedly so, selling at 131 should be lig.'iUy covered. Q.—Was that iron so tliln as to render it unsafe withol anocess tn pomology. A pear tree standing over azewar produced in a single year eight hundred per-te^i; ir»^'''""'« of its buit, wiiile similar trees, outsidetb/^ Infiuence of the sewer, would hardly yield entirely preventing the growing of runners. stood that pressure with safety.^ The strawberrv may be made ever bearing by sixty pounds of steam f A.—That iron might have cent., and that price bid cash at the close. Less-aoa hondred each, and these of inferior quality. This may be done by planting in soil com- Q.—WouldIt stand a hundred pounds withthan half the usual average business was done in?Bcintid, appropiiate soil and location. No young posed of^ three-quarters river sand and une- A.—I should not want to trust it; boilers are generally New-York Central shares, and the contest againsttree should be placed wheie one of the same qual ter woods-mould. This dwarfs the plant made to stand three times the amount of pressure that the stock is less decided since the price fell to;have seen the ruinsToasBAT,P. M.;100 do200 doImmediately this isnotobject moving.;; ttien discov- at 108J on London, and f.6.20| on Pari*. The sup- ered that the steam stop-cock ofthat boiler was closed, ply of Exchange malung at the South continuesfotind the large, 133,000steam-valve stem bent where it entered the stuSiu- week, but the bulk of the bills fall into strongcould see was the fire-box and domemovement for the been open, Uie stem would have bent lower g«e. i8sa. isss. irar. is**.Jdhgi Gakrisok, Jdsticss Stihizu. sanI'aootiBtTy home, and to embellish that home The February Term of this Court, for the transaction then went to another portion of the boilers. Into |itoGBr'D..1.227,00* 762.000 634,000 Ml.OOB 7^,000coaviclton ufi wereentering upon the Inviting field ot King's CorAry Court or Sessions.—BxroRi down on its scat, for, if the valve had week and season ;the boiler or steam escapeof the boiler and found them collapsed-insuch amanner and with such violence where the sheetswas joined as to drive the heads of the riv- R^'d'at Ports. 165.000 132,00*4.5. S. S. Stilweli, U. li. Uundel. 19. G.W. Simpson, ets through and break the iron on the opposite R? toFrMCe SoOO 5.000 U^OO* 9,000 28,000 8. J.A.Stevens, 13. V. S.Tlsdale.M. W. K. Shelden, side of sneet; there was sulEclent evidence to fjtooth'Mp.' ».000 16000 ll,00a 9,000 13,000<M> Wnais was warmly applauded at the close of 1. 0. Butchins, 14. Jer. Bundell, 21. G.H. Studvell, show that the water had been below the fj;ilKxiJ.rt'« iw.OOO 82:000 6ifiM i6,IW) 91,000 hialactare, and similar demonstrations were made 8. J. M'Conochle, 16. N. E. May, 22. Jacob Parker. top of the flue ; the upper part of the flue had lie- The export feature is the more active demand doltag the Mogiess of its delivery. After the usual charge, the Jury retired to their come heated and by the pressure of the steam down-TtM last Htmutemd contains the loilowlng in rela- labors. Several prisoners accused of minor offences ward had altered its shape; after having lost Its for France, in regard to which the telegraph-tiontothis : " gentlemanweremovement foregoing printedarraigned. SeveralRicuAao Blacxbuxn was placed on trial for assault andfounder, naMs.medal ever struck in America."tend the Public School in Degraw-street have renew- ciently strong, as did all of the socket bolts and the estimates at the South, owing large DIV GRANT, OF DELAWARE, ON GRAPE CUL- ed the practice of fighting among themselves. Yes- bi aces ; w Itness is confident that the cause ceipts for two weeks, are again increased, and fourprisoners pleaded guilty ,whenMWdal of honor was awarded to Hon. Maishui. P. battery with intent to kill. The caiC was still on at tion ot the boiler, the irtju, appeared to be of good week thanmeeting ofwas destroyed and hence the collapse ;advices are thelargerof being struck w 1th a stone hurled batants. ForatimethewatchfulnessconsequencetheThethickertwenty-inch flues to be made of No. 5 ironand a half millions, withnow indulged in. The bulk of the receiptsfor them to renew their and vigilance,ples of some of the trangressors, if they desi re to cause It to cease altogether.Sdpposed Case of Accidental;those;it No. 4make exain- flues inches 1 consider No. 5 Iron other tributaries.are only fourteenamply thick enough for that size fluesaler, however, tonave it thicker ; the fire box and shell particularly,nowin England. When the last steamerwas so jagged, tom with land or stationary boilers to have more thansumptionone safety-valveloco- called for by the United ."States is to allow two-thirds of steam of what we bavcof cold water pressure, or in otlier words the United States Inspectors would have allowed themmotive boilers;thegreatest73 ^, pounds of steam on these boilers. ToJuror—Ithinkthatthe explosioncouldhaveas against the heavy cropmvalued parts of the boiler; I took one piece to tliethe flue)(of icofathe other por-; 1 have knownin from Red Riverit would be did not examiaeis overbornethe;;ever,by goingrUdtfferentntitoledDocumwaythe free sales of up 'he large influence on pnce,ento note in the rates oriWorcestershireFreight*'5 Msquare inchon the boiler, fill the boiler with cold water, evening. It is take repeated on both occasions. It Cost of Motive Powerthen apply a pump and force tlie water in untU attracts crowded aad enthosiatlc andieaees, and is Cast of Maintenance of Road$1,333,041 8*4,076we the it isCost of Mamtenance of Cars Cost of General Expenses— Net Road earningsof92 1171,100 19 190,278 34 72^341 70;not, goandwitite** it this afternoon orthe TTnitcd States lor childrenCity Hall,Wewfork.1,5«,000 l,<8e,327 1,295,000stiffjoint*, chilblain*, tninu, eoo-13,000 Tennesse 6< 'MS.IOO do b«a9.000 Missouri St.es.. 80M 60 do 5.000 M, Y. 180 do1,261,411 l,134.36( «18,764 2,072,69i 603,697 Beo40S( Consolidation... 468,441Im. 8. F.Con.Bs. 93 2,000 Hieh.So.8.r.Bs. 56 1.000 Goanen Br. bds. M300 do15« Mich 8.&N. I.G.8. a%50 dohedid 110 do b3he eatsafetyI;dododo25 N.J. Cen.R..bI5 70H 1000 slO 70!< 600 sSO 70K 100.lOO.S 100do a«l*2ii do baONK.to 100 dolor SOIev.Col.&Cin.R. »and can be obtained at one- _Eamiag* Earnings Totalfromfrom other SourcesI CAtnii ll»— ]Expenses of operating the road were Cost of Conducting Transportation*Hati tou bssn "Thi Ootobooi" at Bamitm'baboutand sellers appear disposed to wait the progressone or twoHouse, while the general conviction is^Southern, $6 for the common,this cent. The sellers^count in the afternoon were rather disposedde- loco- mand only. The fluctuation* in Pacific Mail con-Jcent, better. State Stocks in moderatecent The additioRal Excbao^ to-day6 do50 Hod. RlverB ..s60 4«J«c Kii J60815 7OJ4 100bSO 70X ^ Mil. &HUs. Rb«0 70;' 25 1>el. L. & W. R.... «0bale* being drawn against thisand The consideration of crop, bow-in the loweratfor the Bear ac-moming.laoV siauOJi bM.UlK sei..cent.The Caatom*to-day were 1234,-cent.; the City Fire,ahare,^3,272,000^TM^^P!PIKASmE DTOEUJGEKCE. www.fultonhistory.com 