 J,m 'mm4^^mr^M«wju.ik<i vi' '"Stfmi myWITbranches of human Tabor?' Shall we give up our in- dutstrial and commercial independence from the world abroad ? Impossihle ! It cannot be thought oft Evenman, in order to be what he ought to be—an intelligent; laborer. Therefore we educate him for liberty by our system of public instruction. In the South, tie Intel- lectiial development of the laboring classes necessary for intelligent l a b o r would c. eate •-aspirations d u r a - ou8 to yonr* domestic institutions. Y our Jaborinir m a n must be a brute in-order to remain what you want hint to be—a «J*ve. Therefore you withhold from him alt means of intellectual development. Among our farmst and workshops there stands an institution nr«m whichpl^KML INTELLIGENCE,ef every facility the common legal yrocesm affords, rrit of habeas corpus.practical measures of policy Mr. Douglas is TMguWlyto be found on the side oi the extreme South. Lake«»at great statesman of yours (I beg your pardon, g-n- tbe moHt debased and submissive of our doughfaces tleiren for alluding to him in decent political company), C/>miot submit to it as soon as the matter comes to amovement, but their system of labor ts unfit to carry it out. Commerce and .industry, in order to become independent, need intelligent labor. In the Northi everv laborer thinks, and u required to think. In tho South the laborer is forbioden to think, lest he think too much, for thought engenders aspirations, fLaogh- ter and applause.J With us, progress and eoterpmo derive their mam support, their strongest impulses', lrom the_mtelJectual development of the working classes. We do not dread the aspirations arising :rom. " »SPEECH OF CARL. 8CHURZ.these obstacles thrown in the way of the recap-DettYrw* »t V«r«iHUb H»», St Look, An*. 1,10K>.iKiit* •manually moral are imperceptibly cnanged into i qn.fi.v,t.rt of inateraJ interest, nauoiutl economy, orjs*> iu- >I power.1 he reop e of the Sou h bave evidently gone throughthat p»o«e«* in regard to the institution of Slavery; theybave become *»ccu**oui*u to identify its existence wiih ' tt*- existence of eouttern socie'y, wnile even a large »*juriry of tbe people of the JNortn were rather in- dbxted to silet ce their moral objections to it, and to ac- % qnieirce, until its immediate* intcr'eremte wir,h matters i *f general interest gave a new impalse to their nativeCuba and the Northern States of Mexico, is demanded; an'% il" th*y cannot be obtained by fair purchase and diplomatic traceaction, -war mnet be resorted to; and, if t! e majority of the o»oj^le t»rc n t n lined to go to war, our interna lonai relations must be disturbed by filli- buBtering expeditions, pre;ipitating, if pos^iblei this country mio war*>^ thus lorcing the peaceable or cheat- ing the enthutiattic into Bubeerviencyto the. plans of the Slave Power. You may call thid piracy, disgracing us in the eyes of the civi iz'-d wurd. But. can yon deny that Slaver}- needs powtr, arid tL-.at it cannot ob-don of its peculiar interesfa; free labor dem:tudd th-ttthe Geueial Government be administered for the pur-pose of securing to all the blessings of lioert.y, and forthe-prcmotion of the general welfare. [Treaicado.us the i.-r^preesihle conflict, evpn inside of the Democratic " tl/e idea being, that if they would restrict the area into the South might feel mclised to attempt it. It would~- aaily respected as the sucred Oirtliright of every Amer-iu our Eaional councils.. What -mut'ered it that the struggle about the encouragement of home indastry and internal- improvements was not ostensibly carried onLalior,Mr. D-.ugJas himself enlightens;us, as follows: the dilemma. Our answer is. understood. If Wash- Don Quixote, who; uodoubtedly,. would have been aaught I cure they may be braver than they pretend to be; but I invite them candidly to open their eyes, LkQ sensible men.I will not compare the resources of the South, iamen and money, to those of the North, although statis-mington, Wadieon and Jefferson were Abolitionists, we heroin the seventh century, would certdiuly be the aie.- Mr. Mason' says they were not; well, then, we most egregious f«ol in the nineteenth. I have nothing are not, for our policy has been theirs, and theirs has to say about the bravery of tbe Southern people, forJaw in order to supply its deficiencies." Moreover, we must adapt our rale* and customs o44 interests 'principal.y, is therefore to our imined'aie there teemed to be no quettion about their constitu- difficulty which'Mr. Douglas pr. poses: The " great*.he always vofcs against measures for the encourage- practical test; and therefore the succetso*' the Southernment of uome industry, perhaps because he does not programme will neve- bring about a final decision ofunderstand them. [Laughter.] He is one of the firm- tl e cot flicf. Suppose we v«ere beaten in the presentest supporters of he ascendency of the planters' inter- electoral conteflt, would tba». decide the conflict of iu-est iu our economical questions, and as to the exten- teree'fl fort ve; '/ No! Thanks to the nobler impulsession of Slavery by conquest and annexation, the wild- of huinftn'nafxiT©, rurcons<'ieni:*-swoaldnot letnrthleep; it; it•»1the source of our pro«T>erit.y a«.d, at the same est filibusters may always count upon his tenderest thanks to the good sense of xh* people, their progres- time, of our safety. Our laboring man must be a free-'ture of our property, and oblige the citizens, by Mr- l>H3tsu»cJ*T AJ«» GKNTLKME.V: T O deny the law, to ass:B'. us in the r*j»pp'<-bension.of the fugitive, oa&tcjrta of «» «TiJ th*7 d o BOt n o e a n to remedy, to so the trial <>yJury and the wri oflubeas corpus will h*ve to yield, and the good old common law principle, ^^riho to peft'y c w « » the Origin of great problem* t l a t i n a l l cas^e concenmg life and liberty, the wre-th- j do not »«?**» to *olve, t<> charge those who define sumption bo in favor of liberty, goes by the board." theiwanrwof an exiting diiBcaUy with having origi- This may teem rather hard, but ia it not eminently con-sistent 7»*>rd it—the*e *re expedient* which the opponent* of The necessities of Slavery do not stop there. LetjckHfflwoTy »ovemente have rworted to-since man- us hear how the slaveholder proceodo: "In order to ii»o hw a history. An appeal to ignorance or timidity " obtain such legislation from our national councils itreach; seeing our own prosperity advanced by the prosperity pf our neighbors, we most endeavor to plant upon our borders a system of labor which answers in that respect. 1 Do we recognize the right, of the laboring n a n to the soil l e cultiva es and shield him against op- pressive speculation 7 Seioginthe harmonious devel- opment of all branches of labov a source of progress and power, we must adopt a policy wtich dravvsto light the resources' of the laud, gives work to our workshops and security to our couauwce% These a»e the principles and viawo governing our policy.Slaveholders, look at this picture, and at his. Can the difference escape your observation? You may s*y, as m'tny have said, that there is indeed a difference of principles, but not necessarily an antagonism, of inter- ests. Look again. ''.• ?Your social system is founded upon forced labor, ours upon frtv labor. Slave labor .caunot exist togetaer wi'h freedom of inquiry, and so you demand the restriction of that freedom; free'labor cannot exist without it, and so'we maiotnin is inviolability SUve labor demands tbe setting aside of the safeguards of individual liberty, for the purpose of upholding subor- dfauatiPn md protecting slave property ; free labor demands their preservation as essent>al and indispensa- ble to lis existence and progressive development. Slavery demands extension by an aggr strive ioreiga policy; free' labor demands an honorable peace and j'j ieijcily intercourse with the wo^ld abroad for its com- merce, -and a peaceable and undi-turbed development of our resoarces at home for its agriculture aud indus-" is nee* s*ary that the prejudices agatnat Slavery ex ie tiwsir )**t hope, when all resources of logic and M isting in the Free Statee be disarmed. It is impoeei- aranwent tire exhausted. The old comedy is repeated M ble that the slave interest should deem itself secure " as Ungaa a violent agitation is kept up against it, " which continually troubles us at home, aud •'xercises " u p o n the National Legislature a 1 influence hostile "toSlaVerv. We are; therefore, obligod to demand " that measures be taken to stop that agitation." Nothing more mv nial than that.- Tne right of petition, he'd facrcd even by some despotic Governments, must be jurtailed. Potjt-Office regulations have to prevent the dissemination of Anti-Slavery sentiments by the newt-pap*T8. JEvtn in the Free Statee willing instru- •agar jty econgh to dwotm, or not courage enough to ments are found, who urge the aooptiou of measures state fact* as they are. teLd>ng to euppreea the veiy discuneion of tbis ques-In investigating the causes of the great strugg'e tion. Laws are advocatei iu Congress (and that "champion of free labor," Douglas, takes the lead),with v hat he emphatically styles " his great principle:VAt. hret he defined it as "self-government of the peoplein the Territories;" but it became soon apparent that age.ag-rn and again*Tb* Mentions that the great contest between Freeunder his great principle the people of the Terri-tories were governed by anybody but self, audThere is but oneway of settling the "irrepressible conflict " It is not by resisting the spirit of the tones, and by trying to neutralize its impelling power; for youasd Slave Labor baa no foundation in fact, that the ^origin of the Slavery controversy is to be found in the far aiicism of a few Northern Abolitionist, and that these who rpeak of an " irrepressible conflict" are to be made responsible, for its existence—tbe*e form tr.e argumentative staple of thoee who possess either notvery popular, after all, and be called it "non- stacles which have thrown themselves into its path. our fchool-bouse, wbete our free laborers ore educated!w n k h baa for years kept the miedb *f tbe people in ©ons;ant" unrasbt-sa and excitement, I ahull endeavor to set with the most perfect fairness. I shall not indulge» any denunciations. I shall impeach the motives ofae one. 1 shall not appeal to prejudice or passion. Iievite yon to pats in review the actual state of things•wish calmnrps and impamalry. ItIsoneofthebe»ttraitsofhumannature,thatwemaking it a criminal oifrnso to organize associationshosti.e to Slavery, aud ««mpoweriog the General Gov-ernment to suppress thsm by meaas of a centralizedpolice. [Loud cWre.] This m*v seem somewhat ty try. Slavery demands extension over national territo- raiinical, but is it not eminently consistent 7 [Ap ries for tbe purpose of gaining political power. Free plau-e 1Non-interference with the social and political institu- pose, by makirg the laborer intelligent, respectable,tions existing by the legislation of sovereign States. and at the same time a*pi iog? But if by making the Excut-ion of Slavery irom the natSomtl Territories; laborer inttlligent, respectable and aapiringyou attemptto force incut-trial enterprise, in a large measure, upoa tley must be free becauee they arc national. [Immense tbe Slave States, do you not see that your system of•form OOT fi.'&t opiuiODS on matters of general interest us. Hear the slaveholder: " It is impossible that we from our rtnate sense of right and wrong. Our mor»»l 44 uhould consider onr in ereste eafe in tais Union, uiileea44the political equilibiionw etweeu the Free acd Slave ous it&fuJbe* of our hearts, are tbe sources from which 44 S^itts be restored. If tbeFreo Stutt^s are permi ted to oar tir*r convictioxbi spriog. But custom, material in- "morose and the Slave States stand still, ^e shall be%r- st, ard onr na'urai invlination? to acqr.i«sce in that "completely at the mercy of a hoodie majority. We which i.«, whether right or wrong, th*r. vts inertia 44 jire the elore obliged to demand acceesions of territo- wl.i< h JUs brought so much suffVring op^u humanity >are 44 ry out of which new Slave States CJIU be lormed, BO ai t o ovf rruUf ihe j»arive instinct*of our moral nature. 44 us to increase our representation in Congress, aud to they are rt\.klied over by the tale cast of calcalutipn; the " restore the equi ibnnm .of power." Nothing more fr i»r>nes*« Of iheir impelling powers is lost, and qu*e- sensible. The acquisition of foreign countries, euch aapresent they do th?ir„ business with friends, who are •"united to tlum by bonds of Union. They spaak of dis- solving that Union; tteu, as now, they, will be obliged to transact the same business with us, their nearestimpre^aioos, the dictates of our consciences, the gener-said: " Now, as far as concerJcs our ancestry, l a mu satisfied of this—they were xot Abolitionists. On" the contrary, 1 believe ibis was their opinion: their"prejudice was aimed tfgaimjt the foreign slave-trade, neighbors, for if tbey could do otherwise they would " the African slave-trade, aud their belief was, that have done so long ago. Would they prefer by theslaveholder will state his |»ohucal views sub^iantially 41tie follows: Hence the nght of the laboring uiau to acquire proper-" On a point of astronomy, or chemistry, ty in the soil oy his labor is oenibd; your homesteidthe Union, and when the trial'by jury and the writ of habeas corpus was overridden by the Fogitive Slave law 7 Ann even lately, when the Slave Power with one gigbutic graap attempted to seize the whole of our national domain, what else was and is your new con-fr<'uu the hio Grairdo to the Gulf of California, and from the tralized. Tnt-y will resist. Resist by what ? By dis- superiority of tbe latter. We can affoid to be liberal. line of the Republic of Mexico, not only up to M°.iO', but up to3(iO_gl-v)ng-you.a decree aid a half, more Slave Territory tn.-ui solving the Union. The dissolution of the Union I at;d for argument sake, admit that the South will' equal You ever claimed. Jn 184*1 aud 1*49 liudlttSO you only anke<l to Tbis eptclre has to long haunted the imaginations of tbe North in numbers; at d if they insist upon it, excelGovernment to the peculiar want* of onr social orgnnication. In order to oe sale, we muot intrast the Gov-ernment in its general administration, as well as its de- " power still more against us. We are, therefore, tails, to those who, oy tneir own interest*, are bound 41 obliged to demand tnat all attempts to promote, by to be the naturul guaidiauti of ihe system. Hence our "Ftderal legislation, tbe industrial interest, be given44up." Notaing more logical. The system of slave ahcalfi be put into tne banvs of slaveholders; and where labor has never permitted them to recognize and de-out that this policy redounded more to the teneiit of States of Mexico, out of which an additional numberfree lahor than that of tho nnenterpazing South, then of Slave States is to be carved. But his Northern the same n en who bad inauguiated it workedlts over- friends tay that he is the champion of Free labor—and"•afety rrquires that the polhijal power in oar States"we bave no law to that eflV.ct, custom upholds the rule. velop the harmony of agricultural and industrial andthrow on the plea that it was at war with the princi- they axe honorable men. ,ples of the Constitution. [Murmurs of applaus9.] Oh, what a deet-aeattd, overweeniug confidence means within our reach to save them for Free.Labor. wherever he pleases? It is impossible; the dullest*In o der to put the political ascendency of tho«e commercial pursuits. What is more natural, than that, mount consideration of the safety of the ruling interest? nity for the development of new powers.ho 1 struck at tbe Slave Power was not that and the slaveholdy&g capitalists claim it also ! Ignore judge tbe people of the Free States by the meanest cri- tablish a large shoe factory "for the South, you came he disturbed a town and killed1,several citizens, butNEW#OR& DAILY TJrti^^p?8>na of popular education which flta ell for an intel-!ig«nt e.itexcise of those rights This is tb« home policy to aid tie fogitive in 5us escape. We are, taere- of fjraej-labor society. This policy iu -in;- Feieral aifairs fore, obliged to demand suci leg:sutaon at the must ijecefsftrily correspond. Deeming fi>e and iniel- hards of our General Government as will remove ligent labor,the only safe basis of soe-iey it is ourduty to expand its blessings over all the territory within our*•*&,;' •'i-t-.M. . ^ , , .*•-¥*.Centra* Tbey 1 but or thing i Earn* ti JUHlt** disar re Idnirer <iefend Tl€TH St! obj*<-» attemt jteet'cT fortabl them I case, dwith a Jfc-pr;bTh* \* d'<W r , Ixutto tis Uiej find or totf ti f)le*-;f3) to the I lify HT die'e treal y i Tery 81G>r wThiafeasor'*<li*cU>* of Date men; » tfiey «a Siatioo. trade; eetin 1 will •** labo- contro you tbtotheTi-a last rei appr-ar. imp'rij mar-the!- barona the cer zene >i of pro^ cratic .Lool this w thro«r(there 1 guilty ape. -ji from'britP bun.ax it fejrn form, your t lor yo' comm.< you. shouldSpirit 1iz+nki,love y IhJZr-A-da pewivy. hion « ar iwhii n Sud ye echo" I-'wr.' BCiei c* wor eb a u f t t mat. KV steam chritk s'i' s gain, e uni *cr. are %oi por.tra neverbot'tta—pvor That gTnir m sn^ar.9 si rr .v< y^.ur CAnd •with <W h v i graud C»?nr>>t.. Will :t fwurliU: .agv7 :Tv>ib 'i ever 'ii the t:i« l o r e r;- th«- cri the ii»fc tiOEi« ? etru<?tk yon ;-.a own ix. pity JO1 -he* forbirisImagtoj Btone omHOD " I " tru«J the Vijrl afd exel fool •—I. _from t'as the trial by jttry and tbe writ .-But 1 order to succeed in this, Slavery needa a COQ- troilirg power in the General Government. It cannot expectf>per?uadeus,soitmusitry10subdueaudrulefatherBof tbi« Republic answer the question, and I will dustrially independent as long as they remain Slave give you the Southern construction of their policy. In States. They will aJway* bo obliged to buy from adelatewbichoccurred.intt:eSenateoftbeunited others,andotherswilldotheircarryingtrade. At Stt-tes, on the 23d of January, Mr. Mason of Virginia" bv grantiig him the immediate enjoy ouent of political*' llaa tbe South Deoe sxcluded frotja ull the trrritory acquiredfiouj Mexico? What Buys the bill from the House of Ilepre-sei.i&tiveB. now 011your table, rcpijuliug the slave codeinjNew-Jlexico estkblifhed by tbe people theaiservCH? It i8 pait of theh^toiy ol the country that under ibia doctriuo of nou-idte'rveu-tion, tliiK doctji!ic that y^udelJeht to call Squ* ter Snvoreig:ity,tbo pt-op.e of New-Mexico huve introduced and protectedSlavery in the whole of that lenitory. Under tiia doctrine,the> La^e converted a tract of l<'ree territory into Slave development with the tendency of our age, by neu- teratcry, niore than-five tiuiea the size of the state ot'New- tralizing the obstacles that s and. in its way." rights; if you alluro the puaper lrom all narcs o.i; the4444 We want the negro in the Territories. You give us Urea it that your new-fangled coi;stitu?.iondl dootriuesgl« be by your preempnon laws and homesiead bills 7 under the firm of pro and anti-slavery 7 What mat-projects be abandoi/ed." ^»'othiug more plasusible.•r medicine, you may eatertnin and expr^s what-ever opmion you please; but we caunot }»ermit yout o Gis« i.-sn the relation between maeterand servant, UMit exists here in the Slave S ateg, f<<r iu doing so you ries of tbe immediate enjoyment of political rights, a long-cherished design with r.hc color of law 7 •womd endanger our safety and undermine our social Which, in the primitive, state 01 socisd organization, arens\e tie line of 3C°30'. Tbe Nashville Convention fixed that as iu ult'maluin. 1 offered it in the Senate iu August, 1849, anil it WUB adopted litre but rejected in the House of Representative^.You Ciikrd only op to 30° 30', and non-intervention hat given you Sluve Teriitoiy up to 38°, a degree and a hcjlf more tbaii you aiked aud 3et you say tbis is a sue ific^ of Southern rights." Thest aie the h uits of this piinciple whicu' tbo Senator from question. It is true, we do discuse every social proo- t-at-e its forces, at all times, upon tbe decieive point.bills voted down, and tne blight of oppressive specula-tion fastened upon your virgin eoil, and attempts *remade to deprive the foreign "immigrant in tho territo- stitutioial doctrine but an Dl-dieguisediat emptto clothesuperstitious people, that it is time, at last, 10 anatomize the bloudlees boay.us in mariial spirit. But it requires very little knowl- edge of military matters to nnderbtand th-it, aside fronj numbers, equipment, courage, and discipline, the•ystem. Our condition is such th-tt the alighiest move- essential to his existence. All this in order to give jnent of ii>snb<<tdination once started, is apt to grow Slavery a chance to obtain possession of our national •with uncontrolable rapidity; we have, therefore, to domain. This may seem rather hard. But can you guard against everything that mt>.^ start it; we cannot deny tbat Slavery lor ita own protection needs pov*er ailow f*ee discuanion ot the subject; we have to re- in the Ceneral Government 7 Tbat it cannot obtain move from our midst every im-endiary element; we that power except by incr ased representation 7 That eaumot be expected to tolerate opinions or persous it caniot increase its representation except by cpnqueot sarong us th>d are opposed to the ruling order of tnings. ana extent-ion ever the Territories 7 and that with this"Whenever a mischievous attempt is made, we areobliged to reprvim v. with such en»rgy and severity as play the Territories into the hands of free labor?to strike terror into the lw»urta of tho*e who might hecapable of repeating the attempt. Our couditiou re-quires the prooiptetit action, and if, in cases ot immi- " tnral producing States. Vve bave buclittld commerce, upon and exercised the power of Congress to exclude Mexico when they are acquired, aince they are now surroundednent danger, the regular prt cess of the Courts is too 44 »nd stdl less n-anulactaringindaetry. All legislation Slavery from the Territories. So long as these meas- by Siave Territory 1"aJow.or uncertain, we are obliged to resort to lynch 44 tending to benefit the commercial and manufacturing ures seemed to agree with the predominant interest, Indeed ! This, then, is the practical solution of tholem that presents itself to our consideration; we agitate Providence is on the side of the big battalions, said Na- it, and we do Jot n,ean to atop. And, therefore, slave- poleon. Tbat mea.snottbat victory will always beholders, you will dieuolve the Union ? Do you think with the most numerous army, but with that which is we shah make haste to ftop the agitation—^o muzzle always able to appear in strength where the decisiveour mouths and onr press after you have dissolved it ? Wow is to be struck. An army that is always scat- United as we are with, you at present, we certainly tered over a large surface is, properly speaking, noare not devoid of fraternal eympatby; but let the acri- army at all. Even by a much less namerous. but con- monious feeling anting from, a divorce embitter our c^ntrated enemy, it will be beaten in detail, divisionapplause. ] Slavery d<mat:ds the recognition of its di- vine rig»t; Frxe Labor recognizes no divine right bat that of tne liberty o»f all men. [Loud cheers.]will find tbat the construction of the'Constitution al-ways shaped itself according to the prevailing moralimpnls- s or the predominance of material over politicalinterests. Tbe logic of our minds is but too apt tofollow in the track of our sympathies and aspiraMous.It was when the South had control of our Governmenttbat acts were passed for the raiding of duties on im-ports, for the creation of a national bank, and in aid of44 Our States," he telJs u», 44 are essentially agricul- wus suiround^d OJ&nearly every aide by i*'reo Territory, will not it was the South no less than the North that insisted tire sumo principle protect you in the Northern States ofafter division; it is defeated before having lost a man. now, bo a hundred tinieB more dangerous to you then ? This is plainv[Cheers.] . The South thinks of going to war for tho benefit and Second. You threaten to dissolve the Union, because protection of Slavery. But Slavt-ry is not merely an we do not ahowT sufficient alacrity in the catching of abstract principle; Slavery consists materially in the fugitive slaves. True, we are not much ,iaclinea to individual slaves^—in so and so many millions of hu- perform for the slaveholder a menial, dirty service,' man"chattels scattered over so and so m-tny thousands which he would hardly scoop to do for himself. [Enthu- of tqiare miles. In order to protect Slavery, it is es-siastic cbeering.] And, therefore, you wTill dissolve eentitd that the slaveholders he protected ia the possea-the Union I Do you not see that, while now, indeed,' sioin of their slaves. « ,. a great many tlaves escape., the North would, after a I say, therefore, tbat Slavery cannot be ^protected in dibbolution, scorn to surrender a single one ? Would general, without bebig protected in detail. But hownot what is now the Canada line be removed right to can you protect it in detail ? By guatding fifteen hun- the banks of the Ohio ?. dred miles of northern frontier, and two thousandThirdly. You threaten the dissolution of the Union, miles of seacoaBt, against an enemy who ia perfectly- becaufie we do not mean to surrender the Territories to free in his movements, and aided by an extehsive rail- S;avery. True, we mean to use every constitutional read system always able to concentrate his forces"Who are most mure- ted m the preservation of Slavery they should feek to give the peculiar economical inter- The constitutionality of the Ordinance of-1787 was Mr Douglas, when he made this statement, must have Aria, therefore, you will dissolve the UnioD ' Do you understanding se*s it. It may be said that it will notwrpou a tot d basis, we must put down anything that est in which their superiority consists, the preponder- never questioned as long as the'prevai.ing sentiment of• had in the unfathomable, desperate, incorrigible stu- think that, af'te< a dissolution, we shill courteously bo necessary; indeed, for tho Iree States it would not;^>ould produce and foster independent aspirations ance in our economical policy ? Hence taeir uursient- the South ran against the perpetuation of Slavery. pidity of thote Northern Democrats who support him invite Slavejy. to make itself comfortdble on our they may, in order t^ concentrate, their force3, expose maong the other classes of society. It would not only ing opposition to nil legislation tending to develop the The Missouri Compromise was held as sacred and in- for the purpose of baffling aod punishing the lire-eaters national domain? As things are now, " champions of their tetritory; for the damage done by au invasion isbe in**ne to educate the slaves, bat highly dangerous peeul.ar resources of the Free Staus. violable as the Constitution itself, so long as it served of the South. Good, innocent soule, do tney not see tbat free labor," such as Douglas, may occasionally offer easily repaired. The. retreating invader cannot carry to extend to the gre&t mass of poor wmte non-slave- Here let us pause. Is there anything strange or sur- to introduce SUve States into this Union; but no saooer bj biippor ifg Mr. Douglas's policy, whicu throws into y-eu a chance to acquire for Slavery a Territory l< five the liberties of the invaoed country away with him. boiders the means of education; for in doing so we prising in all this 7 You may call it madness, but there were, by virtue of its provisions, Free Territ nes to be the lup of Slavery, Territory after Territory, they will timts as large as the Sta e of New-York." but will [Cheers.] Not BOwi h Slavery. A northern-Anti--Slight raise an element to influence and power whose ia method in this madness. The. Slave Power is impelled organize d, than its unconstitutionality was at once dis- Strengthen and render more overbearing the very same that be ,jpoPsible after the Union is dissolved 1 Mark Slavery army, or even a small flying corps invading a iatereets are not identical with those of the slaveholder. by the irrrpreesible power of necessity. It cannot exist covered. Slave Power they mean, to bailie and punieh 7 Do they well what position the North will take if, by a revolu- Slaveholding State would perhaps not systematicallyThis i» our poJbcy of seJ-preservation, and we are unless it rules, and it cannot rule unlets it keeps do«vn bound to eniorceit.'' its opponents. All its demands and arts are in strict ttir, I mean to be just to the slaveholders, and, harmony with its interests and attributes; they are'the •Grange a» it may souno, ae to the propriety of their natural growth of its existence. 1 repeat, I am will-polity, 1 agree with him. Having ideatidea' their so- ing to acquit it of the charge of willful aggression; I cial exutei ce with the existence ol Slavery, they can- am willing to concede that it struggles for self-preser- xw>t act otherwise. vation; but now the momentous questions arises, howIt is necessity Yhat urges them on. It is true that do tre means which seem to be indispensable for theseli-prtservaiion of Slavery agree with the existence Slavery is an mflammable element. A stray spark of and interests of free-labor society 7ihooght or hope may cause a terrible conflagration.T h e torch of free speech and press, which gives fight Sir, if Mr. Hammond of South Carolina, or Mr.to the huose of Liberty, is very apt to *et on fire the Brown of Missirsippi, had listened to me, would they 'gigantic in its dimensions, growing every day in the bouse of Slavery. What is more natural than that tot be obliged to give me credit for having stated their awful proportions of its problems, involving the char- tbetorchshoudbeextinguishedwherethereiasuch casefairly? Nowlistentome,while1stateourown. acterofourinstitutions;involvingourrelati^nswith An abundance of explosive material ? Cast your eyes over that great bee-hive, cailed the wcrld-ahroad; involving our peace, our rights andt.44 44prejudice. It will oblige us to contnbue to the tionality. Even Mr. Calhoun himself said in one of piinciple of non-intervention,'' which, according tohis n.osi cel-brated speeches, delivered in fhe session of his own testimony, strengthens Slavery, by increasing 1815-1(5, iH That it was the duty of the Government, as the number of Slave Stat.es, and their representation'• a means of defeme, to encourage the domestic indua- and power iu onr General Government; to which is topolicy all measures are incompatible, vhich bid fair toThis ia not all. Listt-n to the slaveholder once more: of the protection of home industry wore inaugurated; ol non-intervention nas given to Slavery ail New-Mexico, whichrelations, will not the agitation, which annoys yougrowth and prosperity ol the Free States at our exrpens", and consequently turn the balance of politicalIt ia tine that in a slavenoiding community the strict- the Free States. See bv the railroad and the tele- liberties at home; involving Our. growth aud prosperi- and to be protected there, is to be acknowledged; alltbe American shipping interest. It was under the lead ofshe South that the lyntems of internal improvement and ditional territory lrom twexieo? It it be true tnat this principle" try of the country.'' But as soon as it was'fouudbeaudtd the'annexation of..Cuba and the NorthernAll ibis is true; and accepting the premises, all these To what do we owe all this 7 First and foremost to it, when_ the planting interest seeks to establish terion we can think of; let us apply suppositions to after a while to the irresistible conclusion that you must that he revealed the weakness of the whole South* xeceewties exist. You i*em startled at tins proposition, tbat perfect freedom of inquiry, which acknowledges and mainlan its exclusive supremacy in our them, which, if applied to ourselves, we would con- wear Massachusetts shoes and boots or go barefooted. Let Governor Wise, of Virginia, carry out his threat- and ask, What is th* mstkntion that demands for its no rues but those of logic, no limits but those that economical policy! Ignore it,> indeed! Ignore sider an insult. And even your Norfolk steamships are not launched em d invasion of the Free Sutes. not with 23, bat with protection such measures ? TVe Slave Statee are by no bound the faculties of the human mind. [Cheers.] Its the fire that consumes the corner-poets of your If the people of the Free States were so devoid of yet from the dry-docks of Southern imagination. 2,300 followers at his heels—what will be the result I xoeans original in tnisrespect. Look at ihe kingdom of magic consists in its universality. Tc it we owe the house I Ignore the storm that breaks the rudder moral sense as not to -distinguish between right aud [Laughter.] Ifow is this? I will tell you. The very As long as they behave themselves we shall let them: .Naples, wnere rhe ruling,power m governed by similar harmony ol our progressive movement in a 1its endless and tears to tatters the sails of your ship! Conjure wn ng; so devoid of generous impulses as not to sym- same institution for the protection and perpetuation of alone; but as soon as they create any disturbance they exclusive interests, ana acts qn the same instinct of ramifications. iSo single science, no single practical the revolted elements with a meek Mount Vernon lec- pathize with the downtrodden and degraded; so devoid which you want to establish your commercial and in- will be put into the station-houBe; and the next day we eeif-prestation; does it not resort to the same means ? pursuit exists in our day independently of all other ture ! I'our upon the furious waves the placid oil of a of manly pride as to be naturally inennea to submit to dustrial independence is incompatible with commercialr9**.f.yI '\' IP\*Yon tell me that the principles underlying our i<yst-»m s iences, all otherpractical pursuits., Tuis is tie age quotation from Washington's ©f government are vKry different froa> those oftke <*f the eolidbrity of progress. Seta limit to the freedom [Cheers and laughter.]kingdom of Naples, and that the means of protection I of in«joiry in one direction and you destroy the har- •poke of run contrary to the spirit of our institutions. mony of ru propelling action. Give us the Roman In- Indeed* so it seems \o be. What does that prove 7 quisitionwhich forbids Galileo Galitesto think that the Simply fchia: That a social institu ion which is in an- earth movee round the san, and he has to interrupt andfarewelladdress!everybody who was impudent enough to assume theconn and—tell me even in this worst, this most dis tshall read in the newspapers of some Northern cityat the- people in the slavenoiding States, although harmony of our progressive development, or fight the a.iproached with "care and caution. But times like etendug to be freemen, are, by the necessities arising tyrannical pretention, whatever shade it may assume these deuand.tbe firm action of men who know whatSurrender the national territories to Slavery J Do Hence the Blaveho.ders cannot take the lead in such a whole State of \ lrgxnia in arms; troops ma^hini a ad we not owe our growth and prosperity to the success- commercial and industrial movement without changing countermarching as if the battle of AusterliiTyJas to. . .•.It is true they tell us they will enforce the laws and the Constitution well enough !• But what laws? Those that Free Labor demand,or those that Slavery give* us 7 What Constitution? That of Washington and Madison,gusting of all contingencies, could Free Labor quietly submit, to the demands of the Slave Power so l>ng as it has a just appreciation of its own interests ? If we did not care, either for other people's rights nor for ourthat class of your society which rules and wants to per- petuate its rule, doeB not consist of working men. The ir Bp.iration of regular activity is foreign to their minds. Living upon the forced labor of others, they find theirtainly find a Northern Jury nroud enough a acquit him tagonism with the principles of democratic government give up the splendid train of his discoveries, and their or that of Slidell, Douglas and Taney_? [Loud and own dignity, can we submit as long.as we care for our pride in being gentlemen of leisure. But it requires on the ground of incomgible mental derangement. cannot be maintained and protected by means which influence upon all other branches of science is lost; he long continued cheering.] own pockets? Surrender the privilege of discussing men of a superior organization to make leisure produc- [Contmued laugh'.er and applause] Our pictorialare in accordance with those principles; and on the has to give it up, or he must light »he Inquisition. OLhe conflict stands there with the stubborn, brutal our social problems without restraint! Be harrowed tive ; men of the ordinary e&amp, who have too much prints wn\ have material for caricatures for two issues other band, that a social institution which cannot be [Cheers.] Let tne Slave Power or any other political force of reality. However severely it may disturb down to a given circle of ideas, which we shall not leifcure fordoing something, will in most cases do noth-. and a buret of laughter will ring to the skies fromSOtected by means which are in accordance with the juociatie principles of our government, must eeeen- aliybeinantagonismtothoseprinciples. Itprovesor economical interest tell us that we must think, and say. and invtnt, and discover nothing which is against itsdemands—andwemustinterruptandgiveupthethe nerves of timid gentlemen, there .it stands and transgreeBl Do we not owe our growta, and pros-ing. But it requires active labor to make ua under- stand and appreciate labor ; and we must understand andappreciatelaborinordertobeablesodireotlabor.Maine to California. And there is the end of i1. But behold John Brown with 23 men raising a row at Har- persFerry;thewholeSouthftanti0withterror;thespeaks the hard, stern language of fact. I understand wellthatgreatproblemsandresponsibilitiesshouldbeperity, and power, to that freedom of inquiry which is theBouiveofallprogr«esandimprovement?om their condition, the slaves of Slavery. That is all. [Loud cheers.] they will, and will it, not that eunuch policy, which, ful labor of our neighbors just as well as our own.? the nature of their condition. But you may object, be1fought overagain; innocent cows shot at as blood- But Iamtoldthat the slaveStates are sovereign, B*1">'»'"'g> as we do, that the moral and conscious of its own unproductiveness, invites us Shallweconsenttobesurroundedandhemmedinwith thattheycanatleactencouragecommerceandindustry' thirstyinvaders,and even the evening eon* of the'f •. ,'•- ...-and may shape and govern their home concerns accord- ideal deve.opment of man is the true aim and blandly, to settle down into the imbecile contentment" g to their own notions, subject only to the Constitu-u of the United States, Granted. But the necessi- and end ol human society, we must preserve in their effi- of general impotency. They cannot ignore the oon-•peajeiul wluppoorwiHs mistaken for the baale-cry of growth, and thereby retard our own? Abandon all others. Indeed r But you rnuat ' nbt forget, rebellion [incessant laughter]; and those are the mentbrift'ess communities, whose institutions.retard their|Hes ot Bktverj do not stop there. The Slave States ciency fthe means which serve that end. In order to secure met if they would. 0hut have not nerve euough to laws hke ihe Homestead bill, tending to establish Free that iu modern ' times the most active and euter- who will expose themselves to the chances >of a war' , if inside of this Union a slave may finally escapethe hands at his master, by tAmplr crowing ute i ties are not employed to the detriment of the rights andof h'utj. State ? B u t the fanatical Anti-Slavery j liberties of others. Our organization of society restingprpy&jlifg i& tin .Free Stages, will ayaJiitavU / pjpojiequaj rights, wo Had par security in w genera! by th© JSupre»e Cpnrt? Mi Jttfiides, ia nearly all wdYWltage of a, liarnionjouH development of. iUl tliQ•>•.'••. .; .. •••' • . . .:• •. ' " -••. - - vliMsmn fi'-"^•www.fultonhistory.com*/i«fcUUJJT. I V D Q U U U UV/VV4Aand leave the execution of their plans and wishes tomembers of a federal family, and as the KJaag of to the freedom of inquiry its full productive power, decide it if they could. Labor on our national domain I Shall we thus give up prieing class of society as soon as it becomes with an Anti-Slavery psople! Will they not look upon pies is his foreign policy is g- verned by his peculiar we must surround it with all the safeguards which The next party that claims our attention is the so- the rights of labor, and destroy the inheritance of our numerous will inevitably become the ruling every captain as a John Brown, and every sergeant rests, so is the )>oaej of the Slave States in our fttd- political institutions afford. As we cannot set a limit called Democracy. As it is my object to discosa the children? , class. How can, therefore, the slaveholders do and private as a.Coppic or Stevens? Tney will not affaus governed by their peculiar necessities. to the1activity of our minds, so we cannot muzzle our practical, not the constitutional merits of the problem, Give up our opposition to the extension of Slavery as you say, without undermining the foun- have^men enough to quiet their fears at home; what I hear much said of the aggressive spirit of the Slave mouths or fetter the press with a censorship. [Ap- bef re us, I might pass over the divisions existing in by the conquest of foreign countries I Shall we squan- dation of their own ascendency 1 But it is just that will they have to oppose to the enemy ? Every town-piause'.] We cannot arrest or restrain the discussion tbat arganizatioii. In fact, the point which separate der the blood of our sons and the marrow of the land ascendency by which they mean not to wreakeu but to ' ship will want its home regiment, every plantation ita 'ower, but Xam almost inclined to acquit it ot that of the question, what system of labor "or whaTor'gem- Mr. Douglas from Mr. Breckinridge is but a mere quib iu -destructive wars, for the profit of the enemies of fortify. Do not bring forward this city of St. Louis as garriBon; and what will be left for the field army! cha/ge, lor all its apparently aggreesive attempts are izalwnof society promoks best the moral and intel- ble, a mere, inattei of etiquette. Mr. Douglas isun- Free Labor, while it is a peaceful development to proof to tho contrary. Your commerce and your in- No sooner will a movement of coucei.tration b« at- 90 lets dictated by instinct of self-preservation, th*ix the lectual development of man. JLoud applause.] We willii g 10 admit in words what he has a hundred times which we owe our power in the world? Adopt the dustry are indeed largely developed, although Missouri tempted than the merett panic will undo and frustrate jpaoat striking features of its home policy. cannot deprive a single individual of the privileges admitted in fact, for, can you tell me, what practical exclusive economical policy of the planting interest! is a Slave State, but dp you not see that In the same it forever. Themistocles might say that Greece waa Let as listen to Ihe slaveholder again. He says: which protect him in the free exercise of bis faculties difference in the world' there is between djrect and in- Shall our mineral wealth sleep undeveloped in the measure as they rise, the ascendency of the Slave Pow- on his ships; a French general might say that the Re-•• •v*PgWhal will become of the security of our slave proper- and the enjoyment of his right, so long as these faeul- direct intervention by Congress in favor of Slavery, soil ? Shall our water-powers run idle, and the bustle er disappears. [Repeated oheering.] Thus this has public was in his eaopp; but Slavery will be neither on*.and that kind of non-intervention by Congress whichof our factories cease T Shall the immense laboringbecome a free city on "lave soil.the ships nor in the camp; it will be spread defensolesaover thousands of square »iles. This will bs their sit-merely consists in making room for direct interventionforce in our increasing population be deprived of the:,- .,' ^. ' - , ; v- VUtMMk?*••-.&?.m?m;$^.i-.w^-v•.-.-•.-.-;•.•>•..•.:;•«,-,,.>.-.,<•><-.//;,.. .,;.,,-.-..sympathies. , , tive inieret-ts would :not. puffer them to give up theS'» 1 say I might'have ignored him, if he had not suc- struggle; The ptvwer of r<s?s unoe, the elasticity ofceeded in creating the mort deafening of noises with free "aocicy, catuirot be exhausted by one, cannot be an-the hollowest. of urunis. [Loud cheers.] ^ . He pr pocesto "repress the irrepressible conflictnihilated by a hundred defeats. W h y ? Becauee 16 re- ceives tew impulse*, new infipiratiorjS from every day's work; it marches on in harmony with the spirit-of thehe called it " popular sovereignty." It soonturned out that this kind of sovereignty was not attempt that in vain; but it is by neutralizing the ob- our syetem of labor derives its inopirations: that i»intervention." [Laughter.] Methinks something will intervene, pretty soon, and he will strain his imagination for another name, if it be worth while at ail to christen a thing which never had any tangibleexistence. : . , ,, But if we may believe him, his " great principle," and nothing hut bis " great principle," will fettle the irreprestible conflict, restore peace and harmony to the na ion, and save the Union—and, in fact,^Mr. Douglas isabout the only one among the Presidential candidates who insists that there is an immediate necessity of sav-ing that ancient institution.Let us judge the merits of his great principle by itsThere h? 10 oib»-r. The irrepreseible conflict.will rage with unabated fury until our social and political de- velopment is harmonized with the irrepressible tendencyof' be age.That is the solution^which the Eepublicana propose. Their programme is uimple and consistent:Protection of our natural and constitutional rights.On your plantation-fields there stands another institu- tion, from which your system of labor derives ita ha- sp.rations; and tnat is your school-houee, where your slaves are flogged. And you speak of establishing the commercial and industrial independence of the Slave- boldii.g Statee! Do you not see, tha* in order to dohis, you most adapt your system of labor to that pur-labor demands the national domain for working men for ihe purpose of tpreading the blessings of lioer.y and civilization. Slavery therefore opposes all measures tendingtosecurethetoiltotheactuallaborer;free labor therefore reedgoizea the right .of the settler to/the foil, and demands measures protecting binjagainst the prts ure of speculation. Slavery deuaadsthe absolute ascendency of the planting in er..st iu oureconomical policy; free labor demand^ legislaLum tend-ing to develop all tbe resources of the laud, and to har-monize the agricultural, commercial and industrial in-terest. Slavery demands vhe control of thy GeneralGovernment for its special protection and the promo give you his opinion on the Dred Scott decision. Haspaity, and rent into two sectiftne an organiaaiiou which " which slaves would be introduced from abroad, they effect just the contrary of what ic wsm intended for- cla ined fie *xc.lusive pnvnVge of naa« ualit.y. * " w< uld„to hat extent prevent the importation of and indeed, if there is a party that can logically and These were its immediate results- It is true, Mr. 4 es; and tbat, when it was altogether prevented, consistently advocate the dissolution of the Union, ifrsJav« - Douglas accuses his adversaries of haying created the " the conait on of Slavery would die out of itself; but is the party Of extreme Abolitionists who deeire to ex- and perpetuation, a system of policy which is utterly diaturban £>• Certain:y; if the wThole American nation " they were not Ahoiitfc-msta) far lees withm the meaa- tinguiVh Slavery and to punish the South by a saddenWith one wora, Slavery demands for its protectionincompatible Willi ihe principles vpon which the or- lad bowed their beads in silent obedience before Mr. " ing and spirit of the Abolitionists of tee present day." and violent crisis. But an to the Slave States, as long ganizatio-n of Free-Labor society rests. There is the Doug as s mandates, there would have been no striie. Well, 1 am,willing to''accept this, as it stands, and as they have sense enough to understand their inter- iintatoni^m. That is the essence- of the " irrepresiii'tle Mr.'S ideil, Mr. B'icha. an, and Mr. Breckinridge, may Mr. Maeou may certainly be considered good Southern- ests., and to appreciate their tituation, they may thank conflict.", It is a -conflict of principles underlying in« b y the same; so may the Emperor of Austria aad the authority. 1 will not atop to investigate the depth and their good fortune, if they are suffered to stay in the terests, always the same, whetherappearingasa moral, Kit g of Naples. Such men are apt to"be disturbed hy extent of- the Ami-Slavery sentiments of such meu as Union with confederates who are, i/.d^ed, no; willingfc antipathy. Although I am not ashamed to confers, tain that power except by extension 7that the moral meri'8 of the quesdou would al>nc nave So, pressed by its nec<-8siciee, it lays ii-i hand cc<nomical, or poitloal question. Mr. Douglas boastad opponents, ana Mr. Douglas need not be surprised if Franklin, who was ihe father of an Abolition society, to sat rifice then-own principles and interests to Slav-, botn more than soifinent to make me an Ajni-SUrery •upon our national territories. Timeh,nor«;d com- thai he could repress it with, police measures; he might Le has a few ! The true source of the difficulty was and ol Wathington, who expressed his desire " to see ery, but by the radiatixg influence of their own growth;Slavery abolished by law;'' I am satisfied with Mr. and energy will at leas'., draw the Southern States, Mason's admission.. also, upon the road of procrreeeive development.This, then, is what the fathers intended to effect, to Bu we are told that tbe people of the Slave Statea bring about a state of things by which Slavery would are a warlike r»ce,' and thao they will gain, by force, die out of itself. What else do we want 1 " You what we are unwilling peaceably to concede. War! " mean, then," I am asked, " to adopt a poli;-.y which What a cnarm there is in thai word for a people of "will work the peaceful and gradual extinction of colonels and generals ! Well, since that old German " Slavery 1" And I answer, " Yee; for if we do niODk invented that insignificant black powder which "not, we shall have to submit to a policy wbich will blew the strongholds of feudalism into the air, war falla "work the gradual extinction of liberty." There is more and more under tbe head of mathematical sciences.man, yet 1 will confine myself to a discussion of its pacts, hemming in Slavery, must . be abrogat-practical effects, in order to make myself lutelligible ed. The Constitution must be so construed aseven to thoee who do not sympathize with me. This to give Slavery unlimited sway over our na,-ie the first tune that I have had the honor to address a tioLal domain. Hence your Nebraska bills and Di-ad waves of the ocean by throwing ohaina into the water. vnntage. It brought the contesting forces together,xoe*tipg in a Slave State, and eyen now I owe the Scott dtiCitions, and Slave Code pitviforms. You may [.Applause.] • face to face, without offering a clear ground uponas well try to fever the witds with a ro',)0. The S j^th this: The Kaneas-Nehraska hill was thrown as au mean to repress it wilh decisions of the Supreme Court; ambiguous, illogical measure, between two antagonistic they lnighi as well, like Xerxes, try to subdue the intei\ ete, each of which construed it for its ownad-call that atrocious, but can you deny its consistency ? The conflict of conpt'tuHonal constructions is indeed which to settle the confli t. Thus it quickened and in- 44 But," adds the slaveholder, 4- of whai uae is to us but a mere, incident of the great struggle—-a mere symp- tensiiied the struggle; inetead of allaying it. Henceprivilege of expressing my opinions freely and withoutrestraint to the cirenmsvauce chat, although in a Slave8t*te 1 stand upon the aoil ol a free city, and underthe generous protection of fnse men. (Applause.) 44 the Territories, if you pass laws which attract to the in (bo fo;-m of an abstract coustitutiooal controversy Jdu*t J call " a privilege" what ougnt to oe unives*41 the abstract right to go with our slave property into tom of the crisis. Long before the Slavery question 44 Territories a class of population tbat will crowd out agitated tii^j public mind, the conflict of interests raged44 Slavery; if you attract 10them the foreign immigrant.ican citizen 7 Ask any slaveholder who may be presentin tnisva?t assembly whether he does not deem itwrong and unjoatihable that I, an Anti-Slavery man,•fcoeld be permitted to give a public expression oi my•iewo in a Slav*>S«ate * whetner he would not be iu " the foteign immigrant. Slavery cannot exiet except were not yet invented, when Slavery tried to expand favor of silencing me by whatever means* within hi» 44 with the bystem of large farms, and your homes.ead by the annexation of foreign countries? that no Ored Xcach ? whether Xwould not be silenced at once in a 44 bills establish the system ol small farms, with which Scott decision was yet cooked up, when the right of strong slaveholding t-oiLmmuty 1 1 do not mean to " tree labor is insepaiaoly connected. We are, thcre- petition was curtailed, when ut'ouip's were made toblari;- him lui it. Let nsgive him a fair hearing. The " fvre, obliged to demand that all such mischievous arrest, the discussion.of. the Slavery question all oyerit« total fai ure as a harmonizing measure.Wliat, tht n, is its pusifdye result 7. As to its practical imjortaiice ,m'the conflict between Free and SlaveRear) yonr history wi h an impartial eye, and youMii-i-ib»ippi'regardh as hostile to tne rights of the South Where did you evtr get any other fruitB that were more pulataol'o ts your t&ite, 01 more, refreshing to your sT«ugili? wliat otlier ii.ch of Free Teirito/y has been converted into Slave Territory on the American Cont uent, since the Revolution, exceptiu New-Mexico and Arizoiia, under the principle of non-interven- tion aflirmed at Charleston 1 If it is true .that this principle of non-intervention has conferred upon you all that immense terri- torj ; has protected Slavery in that comparatively northern and cold region where you did not expect it to go, cannot you trust the mme principle further South when you cojae to acquire ad-1The predominance of interests detenuinee the con- not see that they axe preparing a lash for their o wn tionary act against our National Government you liberate the slaves, but at all events it would hardly struction of the Constitution. So it was and so it e er bach* ? It is true, when they feel it, and they deserve should attempt to cut loose from the Union. The squander much time and health in catching the ruu- will be. Onlj these,who r.-mained true to the origiual tO/leel it, they may console themselves with the idea Ter itories are the property of the Union as such ; awiy. The probability, therefore, is that wherever pr< gramme of the fathers, rtmsfced true to the origi- that it is a whip of their own manufacture! thoee who, in a revolutionary, way, desert tbea Northern army appears, the Slaves disappear, and nal construction. Decide the contest of principles un- At last we arrive at the programme of the Slave Union, give up thf-ir rigbt to the property of Slavery with them—at least for the'time being. In-derlying interests, and the conflict of constitutional Power in its open and ttndiegu sed forms, of which Mr. the Unlcn. That! property, tne Territories, will remain vade a Free Stale, and the restora ion of liberty, after constructions will settle itself. This way seems a dan- Bn ckinridge is the representative and Mr. Douglaa the where the Union lema-a*, and the Slave Power woulo the attack is repulsed, requires ouly the presence ofservant, although he does not wear its' livery, except do well firet to consider how much blooddt can spare, frennen. But the restoration of Slavery will require on occasions of state. *• before it attempts to strip the Union of a single square capital; tbat capital consisted principally in the slaves? This programme is as follows: The agitation of the foot of ground. [Tremendous cheers.] Thus, while, tbe slaves ha\e run away, and" with them the capitalSlavery quettion North andSou-h is to be arros&ed; according to Judge Douglas younovy have a chance to ne?esfcar> for the restoration of Slavery.f' 1:fIjCham?-Were ;- s^i j***Cr:ib!r> : |of todform?gloryVant.-ig* tho*- w is gloricI tnr rcountry: to whi-4sion. i" ^thejpe >pthen;"- cf^em' Can Ix- Ml with conl the N rtl you h. v«*Cudef . m^n '...• BXOUCC j l cipa'.v-a 1 one ot t* SlirjsoiA' 'Bken»'p» inscriptkpU7.zlc«i- ' or^ b at. Me, and which ti: inatk>u it' of the A cxpet; si jtottUt»aa bevonc byresi'^u 'Spproprl EverjBfl giveHesagent*;J poeite.'that*bej On it «i*^auv; dorfer.. «is **a lid thaT'it''" the pc Judge date*a sin from. I8*"fvf|gerous political theory. It is not an article of my creed —not a matter of principle—but a. matter of experi- ence; not a doctrine,.but a fact.Thus the all-pervading antagonism stands before us,est *ubi>rcinatiun must be enforced, that the mainte- graphic wire every village, almost every backwood ty ; involving our moral and political existence as anance of established order requires the most rigorous cottage, diawn within tne immediate reach of progres- nation.preventive and repressive measures, which will not sive civilization. Look over our g:ain fields, but lately How short-sighted, how childish are thoee who findalways *Low of a strict observance of the rules of le- a lonesome wildernets, where machinery is almost su- .its origin in artificial agitation ! As though we couldgal procero; it is equally true that the makiog and the perseding the labor of the human hand; over our work- produce a tempeBt by blowing our noses, or an earth- can be formed, is to be given up; the economical .policy. crn Conventions, and passed reeolutions to that effect. without the possibility of concentration. ^* execution of the laws Can be *afely intrusted 011I7 to shops, whose aspect, is ainiost daily changed by trie quake by fctamping our pnny feet upon the ground.those who, by their position, are bound to the raiiog magic touch of inventive geniua; over our fleets of' [L&ugbter.J But how to solve, bow to decide it ? Let interest; true, that-popular education is dangerous to merchant vessels, numerous enough to make the us pass in review our political parties, and the reme- the exclusive ruin of an exclusive class; true, that men whole world tributary to our prosperity; look upon dies they propose. There we encounter the-so-called tnust be kept stupid in order to be kept obedient. What is our society, where by popular education and the con- Uni.on party, with Bell and Everett, who tell us the more consistent, thereiore, than th»t fundamental liber- tinofal change of condition the dividing lines between beft way to settle the conflict is to ignore it. [Laugh- ties should be disregarded, whenever they become ranks and classes are almost obliterated; look upon ' ter.]of the planting interest, to ihe exclusion of the encour- You resolved not to purchase any logger the products agement of home industry, is to become the ruling of Northern industrial labor, but to build your ownTbe Jogi<- of Slavery and DeppotiBm against the logic having reeolvedit? -Was it want of money 7 You is not whether the North will instigate a slave rebellion, riaz.g»rous; that Ihe sai«guardsof human rights in the our system of public instruction, which •places even Ignore it! Ignore it, when attempts are made to of Free Labor and Liberty. The issue is plainly made have an tibundanceof it. Was it want of determina- for I suppope they will not; the question is, whetheradministration of justice, should be set aside whenever the lowliest child of the people upon the high road of plunge the country into war and dif-gf ace for the-pur- up. Free Labor is summoned to submit to the meas- tion.? Your resolutions displayed the fiercest zed. they can prevent it, und I think they cannot. But the the emergency calls for prompt and energetic action; progressive advancement; upon our rapid growth and pose of Slavery extension! Ignore it, when Slavery ures which Slavery deenuB necessary for its perpetua- W hat was it, then ? And, indeed, the failure is mag- mere anticipation, of a negro insurrection (and the that the masses ahonld be left unedneated, in order to expansive prosperity, which is indeed aurject to re- ' and Fiee Labor wage their fierce war about the posses tion. We are called upon to adapt our laws and sys- nificently complete. Senator Mason's homespun coat; heated imagination of the slaveholder will discover Eve the siaveboiding Oligarchy an unaisputed sway 7 verses and checks, but contains such a wonderful fer- sicn of the national domain I Ignore it, wh*n the tems of policy, and the whole development of our social sewn with Yankee thread and needle, adorned with symptoms of a rebellious spirit in every trifle) will1one wo»4, that the rignta. the liberties, and the se tility of resources, that every check is a mere incentive liberties; of speech and press are attacked ! Ignore organization, to th.e:.necescitie8 and interests of Slavery. Yankee buttons, hangs in the closet, a lone star in soli- paralyze tho whole South. Do you remember the curity of the individual snouid have to yield it the para- for new enterprise, every reverse but a mere opportu- it, when the actual settler claims the virgin soil, JVc are summoned to surrender. Let usfora moment tary splendor. [Loud laughter.] After trying to es- effect of John Brown's attempt 7 The severest blowjjthe Fugitive Slave law, in its present form, is to be acquire slave territory by the operation of his "great strictly c»rried out, and all State legislation impeding principle," that chance will be entireh gone as soon as itsexecutiontoberepealed;theConotraxionalrightof byaBecetsionyt.;ugiveuptheleaatehadowofaright Slavery to occupy the Territories of the United States, to the property of the Union.The Slave S'a'es. therefore, caunot e; pose their ter- ritorywithoutleaviguuprotevtedtheinstitution,for the protection of which the wat was undertaken. They have to cover thousands and thousands of vulnerablecheering.] ••* elave labor mt)Bt yield ? To foster commerce andjn- Promotion and expansion of free labor by the Home- dostry in the Slave States for the purpose of protecting; stead bill, and the encouragement of^ome indusory. Slavery. Would it not, be lik* let ing the SUB-light intomulte: Has it srcured to the inhabitants ot the Ter-ritories the right of self-government 7 .Never were theptojde of a Territory subject to a despotism more ar-bitrary, and to violence more lawless and atrocious,than w»-re the people of Kansas', after the enactmentoftheNebraskabill.HasitremovedtheSlavery•question f.-oin ihe halls of Co^grets 7 The fight hasnever raged with greater fierceness, and Congress camehardly ever f0 near debating with bowie-icuivea andrevolvers, as about tbe questions raised by the Ne-braska 1*111. Has it established eafe aud uniform ralesfor the construction of the Constitution 7 It has setavide the construction put upon the Constitution by " cutting hat off, Slavery would die outof 'itself, with- dissolution of the Union to make enemies of those oni tboBe'.who framed it; and for the rest, let Mr. Douglas[Cheering renewed.] a rtoin which you want to keep a«rk 1 Hence taet Will this effect a-settlement of the conflict. Let the Slave S at» 8 can never become commercially and in-"out any act of abolition. 1 attempted at one time to . whom they will always be commercially and industri-* " BLOW, i-y the recorded opinions of Mr. Madison^ that ally dependent ?" the famous Ordinance of 1787, so far as it prohibitedV Slavery in the territory north-wet-t of the Ohio, was Thus, you eee, would tbe di:?solution of the' Union zait given peace and harmony to the coun.ry by repreSfi-iiigtbe irrepressible cnflkt 1 alas ! poor g~eat prin-ciple ! this harangue ol peace an't harmony; inflamed " am-ed at the African slave- rade, at/d at tbat alone; all points of dinpute.defeat the very object for whichbecome otrs. [Loud cheers ]Will this policy effect a solution of the conflict? Itwill; because it will harmonize our social and politicalYork, t iid-r. this doctiine, Slavery has been extended But 1 am told that these obstacles reluse to be neu- tical statements would demonstrate the overwhelmingThey threaten to dissolve the Union. Why ? First,because we do not stop the agitation of the Slavery strength of an army conshts in iis ability to concen^yLastly, you threaten to dissolve the Union, if the points, for every plantation is au open wound, every measures tending to impede the ingrees of Slavery, North refuses to submit to the exclusive economical .negro cabin a sore. Every border or seaboard Slave/and its ettablibhment in the Territories, are to be aban- .policy of the planting interest You want to establish State will need her own soldiers, aud more too, for her doned; the opposition to tho conquest and annexation the commercial and industrial independence of the own promotion; and where wi 1be the material for the of foreign countries, out of which more Slave States Siaveboiding Siatts. For yeara y. u have held South-- concentrated ariny ? Scattered over thousands of miles-policy of the country.This is the Southern solution^ of the irrepressible con- ting trade any longer by .Northern ships, but to-estab-flict. lish steamship lines and commercial connections of yourThis programme possesses at least the merit of logic. own. Well enough. Why did you not do it, after What will be the effect upon the eiavea ? Tne questionUntitled DocumentThomas M. Tryniski 309 South 4th Street Fulton New York 13069lactones ; not to carry on your exporting and impor-andinduhtrifcl labor and enterprise.For this there are several excellent reasons. First, and others, for disorderly conduct, fined $5 [lauirhterand applause]; or, if helms made an attempt ou any attempt on anyinan'a fife, or against our institutions, he will mos; cer- he will mos; cer- •But this is not all. Not only are the slaveholders, a* uation: either they concentrate their forces, and Slave-ft W V twfli; to direct the comnietcial aud UiduatriaJry will be e*powa everywhere; or they dowhom they have exasperated by their own hostility.among the reports of the police court: Henry A- Wise-M>'  