.Ibear thehardshipsof theCon-CITI INTELLIGENCE.theof the men and bills for supplies,Interest of Angust last "The money borrowed by the'they go deeper ;the breakingrope.'AuBi, niiaae) III iil.bearingvarieties aj eto the or else to levy a direct tax upon all sales made under the present close corporation. In regard to an open Stock Exchange a formidable and ttolen silver forks and other voluntary movement was made last Summer bynils. Campbell, Cienfnegee. H. J. k 0. A. De Cljrde, (Br.,) Barker, Philadelplila, H. J. k-C A..». W41*Cin ytip-fl«tii tiMttg, AiNiKio g*t, but the wtK phuB fMm «k« Wilt tea^M, ft* adaHtntfeo of iMat aad bnad-a« laav;^ Mk-•jarikM«^<'<*P'-kat. There Is no danger The apple wlU continue""and the "AfiSXCDXinraK.ATat taio.nnn inwhen property the nrthflT— la ailislea of diet bMB Ibrtk* Se-l^iii te1ka«rt^*erhoodupbut held to root-graftingcent- IslandGalena andBocktanditfca Mahaloby^Ur. BiaaT passed next to speak of the qaiaee stock.Iasked.OrcfcarJ.the Northwest atstock Ir. casyto get, parttonlarly fiom the " Maxzaid " "arrangeandappointed prepare tla vartooa details of the sobjeetsion had actually been opened is on the regnlav or-Themarket,Bevertheless,con-.'' ^M** ' '^ ' jpyga Oar Onin»". t^.e valne of the apple crop of f"ofthetinned firm, and 70i«uafi4lW,Bwma nndentood, iraat-^ to«tot*-ex-what are called "stool" or "mother" plants igo the «rchards «f New-Eng- {nilantdeep, rich soil, cutting them down to the groundof Ibaiab Rracias, United pledges family of theawatiw: Can giaiiea «rMi|wil»vamtB ttMlatttVie ef «ts S!at«Ti—the first season;;session, quire 66 members toto-day 4,000 balea,aghaM|kiof «l»t qualityit through a final' read- ing, that number being the constitutional majorityrangingfromti aeecflairfrapalomj^cntHfcafnthrt-rr^? kaep4v attar.had bePU abused, and hence fallen Into dis- favor. Its great advantage consisted in allowing ofIndoorThe treatment of trees In the nursery is an impor-;—The excitement attendant upon the election ofMtbde af Naw-T'.j,k Ct«r !• the bestsales... *"-"«oax,WedDeadaT,Feb.8.Weatem States, partlcalarly of Ohio, and more espe- quarttheir possession, andsteadyCramner. Savannah, D. C. Xarray;: Peerless. Dee.T1I<B>Cenaty is estlma*'^ ^ tlllllvoold k* peatponed, teA* ci<«"l>' n<^"*>7 eUeitad ^Hac by•uota Heady. I^BMrW-CattaatoLnafatfa-at,««.<X»>«, Maw-England at $4,900,000, Haulier Fmlts—Mr. Barry •>.««.»'flO, PeansylvanU and New-Jerseygrow ooa year, and are irafied la tlMir plaaealheOoi (••p«BA*nt.YuB Csiuai, Toeadsr, Feb. 7, V»t,^ through private«UUy of Kelly's Island, in Lake Erie, were growingtte very best grapes, and with not a tithe of the ex- fore It is ripe.guilt,»>whieh Dr. Gkast's method entails. The speak- of the meeting, including Mr. Folui, Mr. Aicorr, aad Hr. PAasn of New-Tork, and Mr. UooeHroa of miade4>hla, together with a large part of the audl- •aee, seemed to side with Dr. GaAsr in this contro-The Cranberry Is a very Important fruit, and thereis much land In the country adapted to it which Is tee empowered procure permanentat MfWj.OOO, •^-W^.^'^T^^lollowla^ Bpclng,and below the The eberry Chaimaa, a Committe.^ «r three were ground.S^'.th at$6,000,000,making,«';*?*-f??Jf"m^«»^ gMngmatter for fotsrc dlacnasiao and solentUe to der analysis,day.Floc»dullandunsettled. Whmkt;tamgtUuty a ftomer in Western New-Yo.k OB the and ^»»^°"'^^ "^ vear" theboth ofWe leamloarcea, likely to be Mass PoiEtato the cultivation of this fr«lt.*^^^na »••«<>« wMcallwt' to MftErwaa appoiBtad Ouiiman. To itart qm Uie itkple fruit of our country. ClUes towns Fontenay,"—the farmer being the more rapid grow- many ladles.dabato, up »»d Increasing In abM, »rtUTax LATE JUDOX IH0XBSOI.L AND THE OrnCXBS—or Tea Usms Statxs Coosts. In eenseqaence of attr,rmt. rmam pot Ika fbUowiag qtw rt«B %> Dr. constanUy springing ofgetting throughin its favor were understood, at the begin-Sut keeplwg yoor «rape after you the oountry, in their decay, left a great deposit of asesaewhat larger varietyin the with the Assistant United States Attorney,White, and $1 25®$! 30 for Red. Coxa doB aad «>• "OJ, Paovuioss tmsetOed. WanoTitlialjnoet a« importaot as to raUe It. mqalraa a cool temperature seid « dry atmoe-growth to the orchaorfdosldthuastedfollowed trheesm,.anTdhedni,dseedlingthem the but wait- by stem,and then cut them 'Off as hlgh-as your bead to insart the scion. Now, the treatment of the aursoy puts the seeds of death into;The lecturer next spoke of grafting and mbeutdhdoindgs., He had nothing new to offer on the commonattend the obsequies. The offices of the United StatesmorningSecond Board further sales w7e0rJe^made atsales at Savassab, Wednesday, Fsb. 8. Cotton active, with aa advancing teodency ;sales to-day, 2,260 bales.AmutrA, Wedassdar, Fab. 8.closing firm.riiinYnttrr- exlBtii»' ^ here more &Torably than100, the orchardlst nof tbem andMarshal and Clerks will be closed from 1 to S o'clock, P. M., to-day.TO^'^ie( New-York. A lataripanlBg to good keeping; -am earlj ripening ItsTlnoas Oavor too/Quickly. Tbesp-apa 1MR a Httia later thaa^in Kew-York, andChicago62i, Michigan Guaranteed 15J, BeadingAu tB«alr7 ^nia /made ia' ranard to laying doracent,Vcvsurtne ef DeaMlla Kalhk NoTtb—Albany, Bnffalo aad Canadaa-flMa, Theeost-Mf.laTliigMr.'CoasToox's method and report uponWilliam Hall, 2}7mneWcash,another advance of }a better flaror. Tke kast ariaea af Germany «re prodaced from riaes^the inquiry improves. Uissonris brought 81, and Ksst for Boston, by Sailnad .s)i A. K. aad P...'tapottaaeaglvaaWayait for Bosun, bTBtsamboat-.--;: ."i Y^S.agvaaaia^'invD aalcliaate,«ucbgood— >Jamk closeCaUfonda leavas Bk I^aiaI^a veiy good apple In the lower Hudson, but good for Mr. Biakr concluded his Interesting lecture by attached to the various Police Conrts. The assign- Central 6 cents, and in Central 8 The Orerlaad XaBa (ram Bt. Jmn/k, (Ko..) ta 1laai tillM » at thettwpt;; ttIkecent., and Pacific sharesNorUi asd WMtWsstara Kail vU Erie Bsilroad- .EX A. K. aa BontbandSonthwMteTnHaU-...5 .X.aa-4*m a vtiw ta Utile ; ItsHe re- thati the New- York Evenmt Pott had got hold of Itnot give air and light enough to make a strong tree. An apple tree ten feet high, with a toft of leavM on its top and wlih a trunk all the way of a size, is fittedmajority forgrape'Winter. In-answer to a questlen::jfialartadlB^'Stapaaan-la-wwt tk a dag>e»ot latltiidenot all^ai fauaelikTha bM method of laying down ? A coreriDg of^I^call it per- EULABGIMXMT OF TBS COKN EXCBANOX.—The es, are steady on the improved look of the January close on Saturday, Feb. 11, at WH A. M.1Winter «e not severe— gage not so firm as yesterday say 48__^^ Departaiv af Oeeaa Malta.a farorable as that of thl< State,fools were notMany apples for^ Brooklyn Citys. Saad Isvot easily penetrated by the apple so delicious. The ness which makes this appleio a small familiar with the duties that devolve quently upon> tka tnataatnt.will have an un-Viafc Data. Tbt City Of Baltimere. .Feb. II.Lsawl Vew-Torkof Winter.TTt "!Bi<*T thought the caose must have t>een inyerta&afeaalthtaiesa."Mr/K~8.0aaon asked, how much, in the neigh-Iofagaodmarket,canbeexpendedtoadvan-in traDeUng? This Is a matter which each At 2JS o'clock this aflernoon Mr. Pa«dei continuedost -determine for himselfpendenceGuard,CompanyG,TwelfthRegimentceipts.There is still a debt constantly maturing, se- Arabla- Prisce Albertavarietyofan- Agoodvineyardatsix cents IM'the grapes, ought to yield $400 perlecturesonthesmallfruits. The was raspberry— ASuggestionroaMayorWood. IncaseCom-which has required, and willon renewals.The undersigned has great pleasure In stating thatimproving,Feb.Feb 8....8laigna... Feb. 11 Uveraool. Feb. U..-.Liverpa*l-IMasabaequentstageofthe proceedings, i)r. O. itaM that tt would pay to Invest capital, In a alaayM^far growing the choicest varieties of grape, 4»tte axtani of $4,000 per acre.,:growit was necessary acquire per- of the code of laws of the mother country, because these laws were virtually the laws Colonists. In illustration of this hethe businessgiven.said, gardenersplace, by Wm. CcETis NOTXS.After someprefatorypaymentsis and better than was anticl. Afrlea Feb 18. -.-Liverpool. Kew-T«rk-The general rule is, let fke perpen- dlmlar arns be seventy-five per cant, af the actual— Appointment bt tbi Citt Inspector. The•at a atBeyajd flittle manure the ;which so much has been wriUen andThecaaof the groundCity Inspeetor; t. >., Ifyour vteas are to grow ia Ikekitghl of six feet, place your rows eight feetwhich to takeupFaaeeaceta Antred.RoIbnerbtrig Carlos Hemrick from Cviiad Botntr—ib,.Edgar. ^^^^^^^ nrtATCXX AUIASAO—TBIS DAT.|.- HdlGate- .VtVt-1^rt.Reports.AB'tnqniry was made conceraing the benefit ofwhich is as follows:soak the stakes six or sevenstill subject to British rule, and showed how theyOaiTTthimiht he had better have composted his cow Bd sCT*!*^ the compost manure. In trenching, will Ae looto go down so as to be Isjured by the coldnesstkeeaia? Inwarmlatitudesia eeUt-kot satare knows when to stop aotaeeeBarUy colder the lower down you go. A^twenty pounds of water. Berries raisedthat " when the breaks, the criminal ropewhich the latter threatened, it Is alleged, to shoot hismeans for it are fumlched from the earnings of theofthan besides, it isofthenoattemptshouldbemade yesterday,it until another criminal opening of the Court a large number of the friends of;hiespoken of first.a first-rate one.etuedhereafter require,T....Harr«hadeverseen about our cities aad tka ainnal expense ought not to be over do not know how to it in perfection. This fruit>ltelil«adaf Madeila the roots of the vines run to the lightly with earth. Brtackle's Orange Seedling Is onev. hich the rope ie the Instrument He concluded byI>elavare, CaDncm, Phllaitatpkis, F.. «fBrem,,) Ostenaka, Bremen. Ckarlee Jas. Smith, Snow, Uarseillea, R. W. Trnady.;^afO-ef aeren feet.A w^tef debate here sprung up, started by Mr. Liw-highlish by conquest from the Dutch, it acquired Uie rightto trial This course of lectures will be con- by Jury.tinued at stated Intervals throughout the Winter sea- san.CgRTKAL EEPUBLICAN CAMPAIGN CuiB.—This Association, of which Mr. Siasorc DsAPia Is Presi- dent, met last evening, at Thorp's Union-square Ho-somewhat subsided, though not until a memorialand forwarded to the Legislature atVieland,n F.laaQiod of etiltlvation.veryIndian Si. Jsoaa Queen, lto6reti«r, KHts-Sadik,oand of Pike,Three Sisters, Daily, AspmwaU, H. Ptae*.D. B. Tiltos. Peti Taa Sawyer. istmigli,cnBlTation at all.broken into the house of Mr. Wm. Hart, No. 34 Market street onla regard to the practicability of thisThe best everthe Ohio Seedling, the Merveille de Four Seasons,Mr. A. used to eatgiMra on the most miserable of soils, with;SonDe WolffDr. Gaun thought that no man who taair what a grape was would dignify the sour,apprthended yesterday, by officers Lyon; Schoonersgrapesir•JCTXNILZ BURGLARS.Two small bovs, of respectable parentage, wereLawton's or the New-Rochelle. As many as three arastUees wild grape by the name of fruU. Mr. Al- quarts have been picked from a single cane.land sothe 7ih Precinct, on su-piclonofhavingBrunt Ic SlagbtD. W. Sanders Farretl, Savaaaah,.veny, bDt\Mr. Allxh was not without supporters, and tion. I have been told by cultivators that the first la the midst of the debate the subject was put over year they would y,rodure 60 bushels per acre, the sec-Downey, occupant of a roomWlae • add sogu. Such wines are not winesdispatchedportHoLLOWAY'squickly allayed. Neuralgia, and allthey -aiaeeadials. The Isabella has not sugar enough; ^4ta Catawba has, about Cinclimati, but not here. Tke jDiana Is better, and the Delaware best of all. ThelWawaiela abort jointed and, tlierefore, com-nia and the Brothers in Unity. ACRICOLA. MR. BARRY ON FRUIT TREES.joints, rubbed with this onguent will soon recover their.yaet.Ia answer to a questiona wall is the best should be white, In a cool climate.Poae a pUmt grow In the night ? It does not.^^_^^^^ lASTWtiaiwaoMananaement;;objectionThe January traffic of the Baltimore and Finland, for Apala^ileola, Bartoi Nadve. (Bt.Ilva, tor StTbomss. Brig " (^vw*;.Mr. Wxu>, 01 the Homaltad, here explained how -^at. aceaidiDg to the principles elucidated by Prof.gers have been detained on the Isthmus a fortnightThis article is to the superiorGlasgow ;IbrDemerara. Schr. B. 0. Howatd From S. W. Xaiswet Bvaaa. towttkoat Hght. There may be a mechanical stretch- ^M.-batae actual iseieaae of weightto Mr.of the firm of ELLWAxosa &chants of New-Orleans the opportunity of shipping goods through to San Francisco, which cannot be an joyed under existing arrangements.[ASwiimiMat.1MRS. WINBLOW'S gOOTHINO STRCP.aiiiiQumcy Boad reports $104,801,against $83,041 same month last season.[gaetkHt t^manvncOciimomenttakenup.Victoiy, for Liverpool, atlLondon. at8:I» P. M. Wind ligbi, 8. 8. E. Wsatfeer:into a law without house.seriousin eitherartiea u tte Delaware preferable to tke Isa- i.*rliaw-Baraa?but that he had come to say a fewHis subject related rather to nursery managementthan to fruit culture In and therefore general,No. S2,—Tea; it la hardier,ijwt aana b^ter, OB aeeoant of its thickergreatlyutility—lor that It Is and arrest of crimi- The new fea-near Pine.The following are the CurrencylaagTeatmightorchardlst ture Is an Interchange of likenesses vrlth the>ORT LAFAYS-TTB-ripensto forward full accotuts of the Fight between Hihan and SATaas.MONETARY AFFAIRS.William-street,in. Wind tbiB station nothing" Jbl?F"deal of humbug In getting sf giapea. We are in danger of being aorblcaa kinds ; the Horttcultural Bo-Sperie rates current at the Banking Office of Messrs.. Jan. », 8lin»et.--LNtogtntta» iB;aof a hill orcool suchasthe north slope situation,—and the prices are more re- munerative than they have beeaT The Road and itsAmerica. AostralasianCahawba KamakAtlantic Merth StarUkesmoist,the north side of a fence. The soil shouldfectfor theWinter,recommend the Dorchesterberry,were present, and enough were proposedand electedleading jobbersof theExchange,Bermuda.;A. B.McKenxie, Bradfcrd,and low wet lands were covered a few inches deep with sand, and then planted with cranberry vines, they would joon drive out all other kinds of vegeta-mltled the trio forAbout 12 o'clock on Wednesday night Mr. John W.ofJune 11, via (jueenstown I3th. and St. Joans, If. F.,ingtB into—mteresting enough, perhaps, to the ama- of Rochester, proprietors of the famous Mount HopeCka Ustorr of some of our native grapes was herev, hot of little vatne to the calUvator. At the Nurseries of that city.Basst,SANDY HOOK, Feb.saaset.-Sr. UI, of Bpiiaiflehl, lemarked that he always Almost every farmer had a place suitable for growing his, to his great advantage, and that Mr. a few trees, but every farmer Is not situated to ^ JSB aaid it would pay In Ciaciimatl. Mr. Bax- become a nursery-man. The nursery-man should ».. of- BnrkMtw, recoounended the practice for be placed near a large ton's, where la-.(XPTcni eBStrf (>h, 'IH). HHii 21do ReadingX'4 Rillroad 39',do. Barks Xableai.Union, Kenttlck, Mobile: IMo, KlaabaU. Tiwiskssi,J. W. Andrews. Fnaat, MaMle; sate.YuiThe judgment displayed in the selection of lecturersage on the 7th of March. Heretofore the communica- tion between New-Orleans and Aspinwall has been ma Havana, at which port California passengers haveaffections of thecreditors, Albany by Mr. Manierke, of this City, and will probably passT*• MwiiCaaae^MS«M^ttm,at$1,«M.OOO thatcanbeoMMnedtaaayquaattly. OarfnsiliMts ehoeaaforthoroughdletaasliiaa4 OMcaaa.thcacgaiat^ Thaiaatolthe State may•tWgrkad, luatasadllag jcetofadnUeratloBa^iMtag"f"""^."ff ^^"^ t« »«'""«'"^, Thepurpose '•varieties which should beuesday reportmeasure into a law diminish a« the aabject is in-Bight Exchangeuneta^(*j.^;. 3,000 balea, at IMc. Broftwogrownfur this,ever demand of the ceuntry a large snp^ apples.unchanged._ „ Cotton—BalesFortv or fifty yearsland were more prolUc than now. The trees used tothe second they will grow finely then, in the Spring, often earth them up like celery. In the Fall, they can be separated from the parent stem, set out In the nursery the next Spring, and becalamityYork, that gentleman, we are informed, will be una-to be numerous. It will re-at loticeio^c. the market elealag Inm.be put dovrn to now tkcB ta beds, aad to aaiaary towi ttau^aatOhio a at the and of the first seaaoo. Here thay are left toawaHac. lectConuBitteeFLODsfirm; aaperfine, t* •H-itirj*^ ,^^are theAngersParis,"than two hnadredpersonswere present, Inclndingvestigated and discussed, and probability than heretofore supposedCotton—Bales,MIddHng. The sales of {be last three dayi addand both grown kvmv, which, mingling with the soil, gave a vigorous same manner as the quince stocks for pears.Boardother ofiicers attached to the United States Charts, to sold up to 70J<aiJ, and then cent. At the changed.24c. better;pull ed till Ibeyapples, (aleft off";all dead them and form. But customers yet." give proper strength atree Itsgraft were of tomeforamong nursery men,) when properly performed.half the trees transplanted therefrom.The leotnrer here made a little digression onof this orgaidzatlon was last evening quietedafternoon, and Hudson Riverwas not much done in Erie shares, the priceit.ported It to be a grand humbug, but, notwithsunding;;and 132^ 60 buyerdays,wliichiselse,was it to the larmers. He recommendinga not for an apple orchard. But this is hop pole,brought 80{<S)80, closing 79} bid. For State Stockslal^y, andthouaht.majiy of them would be gulled by it, for theforthe knife must be used to cut back trees andwhich is sweet be-on their own ac- and Justice Bexanak com- about eighty members, entertaining contraryUcCall A Iritb adelphia, J, W. HcKee.CoLLXoa, Feb. 9, 1860.The wire-trellls la a good for this experimental enterprise, is made more and been transferred from one steamer to another, whichnerves of sensation or motion,areequallycured byinto the Senate atthat a jointsery. There was no disappointment, then, in listen-No. 15 Beekman-streettograhtedproprietorOhio$282,070,against $314,201Bauit,literary entertainment,OnlyThe Clipper sends a Special Reporter by steam-City FireCompanies,at hisby plain earlier, and practical things about the management of fruit trees.TorkloirBjto HIGHLANDS. Feb. 9, sunset.—One brig off the ^h-profession,l 'ioffice,not 1)e so Interesting to allof theBoad is.largest nurseryTaaiiiiH aad Mr. Eaio>, the plant could not grow In the world, knew something about managing a nur- of considerable importance, namely, giving the mer- half the price.Tm R0GDE8' Galliey.—The Rogues'of the Clialnnan It was stopped, and mat- The lecturer said that he had Invited them to no which now numbers nearly five hundred likenesseshasrisentothedignityofanInstitution. Anewfea! ture is aboBt to be Introduced, however, which it isU WS.kipUaarngduertosnd the Bar at 11 A. 1thathewasnotanoratorInsurancein tabular form on application;which can be had Thomas, and Hars^lbo at i:16.. ship; stillought to know bow to grow young trees, and In thedetteukosld^take np tiie matter.WadBIysoeorera-vlneinWtaiter,here?Yea—al- treatmentofyoungtreesasofthoseoflargergrowth. authorities of .Philadelphia. The plad is to^stiel ngt nn, ,everypolice authorities of the leading cities of the Union. Al-quotationsdown atlriSP. K. Wind light, W. theBay. ^.«. ,main the same principles were applicable In the;-wagat alaqiar en9, aad better flavored. He would speak first of the location of the nursery. send on copies \f the likenesses, the originals $1 («] V. 8. t«, '67 107 SO Erii; RailroadBOSTON. Feb. 8.—Arr. steasssblp K00 lOO SI 60 m\ 60 200 CiMaae-Mwae flnt, then earth on top, and spoke of near a railroad, so that be can send his trees quickly lar to the plan adopted Ln Phl^delphla and Boston. 16.000 Brook.City W.L.IOl loo—Ha\ Sarah,processCotton—Sales to-day 1,100 bale*, the marketasareasonfortheapparentfailuretoraisethe20c.a20^c. Paomioiis uadiaaMit:dfBMLprofound Igaoraaceand the varieties of pear that suoeeed on the qoloee."quince,X 1C17 animated disCTurfoB took placr^ la«t apple crop Ms main dependence, »d " /"!?'' the sort of quince capable of produeuig a good stock, to visit North Point Foundry, In Jersey Citj, at 1 P. well-advised, that the chancea for passing such a\eon, Bntler and Battmelder were named a Committee M. OB next to examine and onorThe best to obtain stocks is to way good quincethere Is even lesser, the latter the more haidy.of the bill^ Moans. Wedmsdw, Feb. 8stuid on a thin soil only from four to six Inches deep,beneath which lay the "yellow dhrt" that the farmerla so afraid to plow tip, bvt &ey msed to bear better budded the same season. Quince stocks should be but his First Deputy, Mr. J. THoarsoa, who has beenpass„ CoTTON—Harket firmjn^1>t|[Vniktlila higher.- would -ncke noessea- W'faattstke Kasoat The forests which first covered dwaxiapples, Doucln, deceased, proceeded yesterday morning. In company reading. The price of the atockmajority» wteg 'jelt af the country. tlHi |Mbefore being worked with the pear. For the than any cnltivnted aooordlng to our modem methods. strong — Par- for many years on the most Intimate terms withiatarafung., ,40Jcent. There;are so apt Ui judge of the value of by height, ta another, so that it will not do to trust to the that nurserymen are hardly to be blamed raising lallM kjli rn«f Die plana fna roccenful grape caKare. recommendations of the nurserymen. They may be just what thty can best sell. Taking up and packingIfc >(MaaaaaUiav'.ofanam'Vne—aa,forinstance,hail Mr.DowHSTrecommendedtheLadles' Sweeting, tionfromtoomanynurserymen. detailedtothecommandofthepatrolmenwhoare provementof1cent; Tennessees 88^ bid at theWater 6 cents, advanced ^and a further im- signed kt it shoaM be marksl "nisilead. «M at. cent, was had in New-York Lonis."twokindsofstocksareused theadise, a verv small species of apple, and thethe Clerks of the United States Circuit and District Courts, andopenedthe " Mem- by the New-York State Society to examine three feet between rows and five to six inches does bers' Ticket" The vote for President stood thus :" teira-cullure." He was one of a Committee ap- pointedtant matter. Most nurserymen plant trees too thickcandidatesuponare good in one locality that are notis exempt frommaayof honest, atd yet deceive yoa. are Important matters which receive too little atten- M. FLADsasAD, of the Sixth Preolnet was yesterday to 101, with sales $16,000In Indiana is coarse and devoid of that splcl- ple of our day are so exceedingly ambmous Justice ofthe Second District Court,cent., Southern Bonds, of all class-young that no one seems wUling to startteat. She old yoa oorer the whole? It Is safer, but man who means to have a good orchard must first at- way and work up by degrees. They must begin Policemen detailed for such duty.Jiaay b* suffieieat -to cover only the upper part eertaln what varieties are the best for his neighbor- large, advertise a great nursery at once—Bow ar s yon gatorio take down, without injury, a hood, and then what sell the best in his nearest mar- haps the" Empire Nursery "—Issue an Imposing cata-the Com AssoelatiaB have traffic, notwithstanding the official onnoimcement The Havana man Car the CaJuaaia will close oo Koa-ytam as4t jge as yaor arm t If this is done every vear ftamtt^ comaasaaaient of its growth, the cellular Ikaae #^Ma aot baooma hard, and the vine readilyand govern himself accordingly. If, however, logue, and try to make the world believe they are TruBleesofExchangeon the north-east comer ofby the President, Mr. Buss, that indulgence must be taken on the 1st of February conpoos. Ur. B. writes :day,reb.l3,atUliA.lLBfaTCBaata •! 9<FOE mars.ket,he Believes all the stories of his neighbors In regardto Fome apple famous on their own farms and no-where else, he may have his orctiard full of trumpery.Mr. A liXH concluded his lecture with an account ofsome fine old orchards in Canada on the shores of not be made In a day nor in a year. If millions oftheBroad and South streets, and are preparing to add it to the Corn Exchange. When the addition shall;— Jan. lT....BavreMR.PARDEEONTHERASPBERRY.denceInAmericaprevioustotheRevolution,wasde- thegrandmilitary/e(etobe givenattheAcademyofto the Students of the Law De- Muac on the evening of the above date by the Inde-livered last evening partmentofColumbiaCollege,InNo.37Lafayette-whollyrepaid, and is acharge uponthecurrent re- Baxonlawhich will bearandname was loudly called for by the Clerk, but it prob-to close the main Cromwell & Co.Steamers l.oeast Fetet. French, Balilsaava. H. B.Few persons, Thehebyhypothecation, someArago...^ Blssgow.'. Enropa Jura;men last evening at the usual hour for calling theequipmentroad in the United States which is operated withl3...-New-Terfc.....HaTiWkyourasp-adopted by the-... Feb.JUr. 3....]fswT«rk Haa.¥la>ma eAuroani. Feb.»....New-To* Feb.lO....New-Tork...._raspberry,onthecontrary,produces considerable wood, and as It has few fibrous roots withnourishment, these should be well supplied. The soil should be made very fine. Plant about four feet apart, and cut the canes to within one foot of the ground. At the time of planting, stakemore economyandcannot create business, or bewith strong stakes. Those which will last forever jokes. He narrated the variations In the practice ofmay be made by the French bumetilzing proces!,Hooo riasa)*-l»l*canes which have beensaying,is free," (which Is an error still very prevalent among the ignorant,) he accounted for by referring to an old Dutch law which provided, that in the event ofGEORGE BLISS, President market this afternoon left off steady. at the Court of Special Sessions. At the The feeling between the members of the Ante-tied to stakes are much finer than those which have been left to be blown about by the wind. As soon as the raspberries have all ripened, remove the wood on which they grew and allow the sap to flow into the new canes, another the clean.with a revolver.made a charge of felonious assault against Mulligan, who was arrested, and held to ball to aopear for trialoncarefullyopponentMorrlssey subsequentlyroad. Theyear. Keep groundIn the winter lay the shouts on the ground and co^erof the latter, noticed yesterday,the which eccrued to ably did not suit the convenience of the defendant to door of the Exchange against the former, has Cromwell A Co.of tne very best varieties, and Is wonderfully produc- tive. The Falstaflf, Franconfa and Red Antwerp areMost of those sold as Red and Yellow Ant-and the Belle de Fontenay.The blackberry requires about the same cultivationas the raspberry. I think the very best variety isexhibliingmase his appearance, and the magistrates postponed the trial until Saturday, when It is hoped the distin-polite requestPerkins. Barksfine.werps are bogus.guished Individual of the Court tocomply beforeuplaa tken contended farther, that the people of the large sre they that frequently sixty berries will fill a tel, for the purpose of completing their organization, WednesdvayluneidghItn, theat $21. A portion of over fifty members of the Board, many of them old De Wollfmeasure. Before perfectly ripe it Is very sour, and transacting other business preliminary to the and for those who caimot wait till they are mature we great contest of 1660. About seventy-five membersarticles,the stolen property wasKeatingCommission Brokers, and others the Fiiher, Holmes, Savannah, I. B. GagerS. Anrcod,somebody. Tito lasts perhaps foryear, when a slight discrepancy appears between the" Nursery " is sold at a great sacrifice. A nursery can-demand and the supply of funds, and theEmpireEngland, (ofsaid,) by wayadministration of the laws at the time when those dares occurred, and gave additional Interest to his remarks by the Introduction of numerous ludicrousor managers of the roadfidelity.ofshowingthe inconsistency of thehasWAxasx M.IxiMOJf an In-responsible for results arising from the want of it The future Is promising, and no reasonable doubt is ascertaining but that, with ordinary prosperity In the business and products of the West, the traffic will more than pay expenses, and the Interest on thedebt; and they assure the bondholders that•nr, he i>ot a quarter under each of four vines. Dr. the proportion of one pound of vitriol to laws, customs, and usages. The origin of the old guished William Mulligan, late of California, in the Interest overdue will be gradually paid as theThe soil would sustain more, but sunlight aadatr are indlspensible to the perfecting of thespectorAPAMS, removed.PallceDID MOT COME TO TIME.the several Courts established in this country, whileSunrises... t 00 Sandy Hook.10 04IAbont three weeks ago an altercation' occurred BlmatfcA, one goitleman stating that, on losing a' days in a solution of blue vitriol and water, in were influenced by the Introduction of Dutch between John Morrlstey, the pugilist, and the distin- moitgagewas to aThe principal business of the evening was the con-location almost wortliless for other purposes. If our swampy for the meetings of the Club during the campaign. ingreceived stolen goods,view of what would be best for the business, andAirlwed.67 Fat iFnetbo. S3t,. wJiothnmsdseh.oratnodf coapla.ssengers to J. G. Date. vsH-the actedwhether the State CentralmootedjnbiTehcet57|;Michigan: if it is, cover with will not do there either. Tne Newtown Pippins, of possession of sufficient capital. The want of tendant Piusseav, and will doubtless give satisfac- and but few offered. The bid for the fourth mort-nothing Greening,in New-England, last and not least of which was the ment Importantwas made at theofmis, vul Bait LakeleavaSt. Jesapb srerj Iin western New-York. The Rhode Island naming the qualifications for a good nurseryman, theCity, •"—one of the best oapplesda7,at8A.II. east, Joseph."thiia11tiisisitil"niMlaa "I IfOhor Mar .e unfntfie -ecrth to the depth of two or Mr. PxLi.. are famous the world over, but the same this has been the ruin of many a man. The peo- tion. Mr. fLinnaiin has served a tearnmdaUs Pcolniscee-d'six a months orpurchasedbuildinghave beenlaW^tt* geodtof a large, old vine more susceptible the Niagara Kiver. money are at command It cannot be done. It most broken front of about one hundred and fifty feet on. money for them Is not at comsiand, and the tlme\>f North American. -.Feb. ll-...FortlaBd...'^jltoMaS-tatke^t^oiaea «f frost than that of a young andthe completed, Exchangetrusts tneywill not belongdeferred....^IHMraBftHo.sison,fhebusihessof the road. The Directors, uponimn^il tSniiwUi aUe^of New-York on Beet. City,have heretofore done this to a1.1"also Mr. Qcmbt,President Woolbit invited the membersvention to visit the Mlneralogtcal Cabinet and theTrumbull Gallery. Mr. Pillows also gave an Invita- tion to vlelt his conservatory in Whitney-avenue.large amount, of some two or three months'IcourseMoBOAS'B Btair and officers of the Albany Regiment, a large delegation of the National Guard of Philadel- phia, officers of the New- England Guard of Boston,bring]' vitality in the wood; that It was.-At the close, Prof. Poaixa announced that Mr. Eh- have a gradual development, and with It will grow Broad, and over one hundred feet on South streets.of Boston, who Is down for Friday afternoon, experience, capacity to manage, reputation, custo- It will afi'ord an Increased accommodation to thea late BreBeB Feb. U....H««-Tark... ^ttit CkabmaB' here remarked that he once lost a would probably speak in the evening of that day. mers, and in the end complete success. members, which, for some time past they have ur- it to fumish the OCiatnradnfa Vaahing'n.Feb. 2138..-...BNaeavt-oTDork...•Iklsa^ilBe -doliig the Winter season bom what he Mr. JoBiAB QBiiicT,Jr., also of Boston, will lecture on Sound doctrine for some folks besideAsGnRuIrsCeOrLyAme.n. gently required. The members of Gov. cmoenasnulstaotniotnh,ediridonwotnthink theriersdpountsyibility. They TToltcd Kiiisdoai...Feb.S....N<nv-Ti>rk.ManvrerandtheirApplcationatsometimeduringtheMiLiTAET Visitors.— personal Jeb.». Kangaroosideration ofCommitteetlic delegates to the ChicagoConvention shall be chosen at a State Convention, todiseiuaion ofthe grape was resumed at o'clock but 1 mention it to stimulate some of you to cultivate by the adoption of a series of resolutions, offered by dart off and take refuge In the parlor of the hotel, U.. 6 miles N. of Bamegat lightbonse, passed a large Skla.jBOiatDg, Judge Millxs in the Chair, and Mr. thisfiuli. We In New-York are tired of paying 2;i Mr. iTsawrLLXOsa, Indorsing the action of the State where be was afterwards captured. The prisoner market. The Cotton advices caused an improved bark ashore with tails loose, apparently went on dorlsg-now underAe nsa as simple and convenient Mr. Ji-nuu off, and so as to lie within easy reach of his custom- At present the likenesses are daguerre- 1.000 N.Y. Cea. 6a... 9iS >m Mich.S&N.I.g.s s30 IBH Ohio, Kentucky and IndianaWtiiHia New-Yorlu Mr. Ooosbich, of UUca, used borers could be easily procured when wanted city. It Is ;contemplationphoto- 8, COO doEssex and RicbBond. ;ers, and also should t>e ona fine tract of land. Second,A waUT> East and west Some of the nirfthe Convention preferred a southeastern ae a southwestern exposure for a wall.waa mportunlty for but little discussion.Aat toe cause of his failure, when be first commencedBtcawberiy culture, was over-feeding, tooSOO 300 100do do do do16V16)4 s«0 16!i;voanfc eabbage-ieaf injuriousSouth Carolina and Georgia NorfliCaroBnacabbages, rwllshes, (lowingnearavine,wereinjurious.It be well to state mayNot being used tohighstarvedandstintedtrees. AretentiveclayAnImpostor,givingdo. do. .. do... do.. do... do... do... do... do. -. doChi.B...57) S8sSO iT-i slO58 bMSSIs now on the at Pier No. U Bast berth,auinf.Imow but that the:woulddene, ami niuch more Third, Laying out theshould bo one he received $20 gentlemanODg 70U .b-lO 7or,that he had a of the " Muscavoy liuperlor" lUiie him ptaatam noto say, 1 fruit growerana.Laj?^' ,5!^ )°h«'".'S5ii' ouslyrworlea ha^acawccttoB andbale.; »».hidM,_wt.ch^hmvejwmlsyears old now In bis garaan.;yearsof age,ItECORD or BtJSPECTED PERS0R8 AND'60003,000 N. Y. Cen. Si. SOOOM.C.RH Vct.lstoccnptedthousand at.-PLAC«S.— of the City, pursuant to Instruc-Feb.0.made get Gr»euu"^a ^f"?;t^re InadBow araud yon run a trellis? North and sloping so geiiUy as not to prevent the planting ofot>'pes.of a Rogue's Gallery originated«H< X®!.^Umiii 'mt « —IH® 2;PHILADELPHIA, -J "T>»fsoilandsItuBtion. Thesurfaceshouldbelevel,or the trees in regular lines, and also not to suffer in-l!coOErieM.Skg.Kd.Con.bds. W?4 1001Feb. «.—Arr. ship Raranak. bark Belndeer, Rio Jaaeirol: steamer Kijury bylietore of Mr. Allih had nearly arrived, and there spruce, two or three hundred feet apart The soilMr. Pabsis next took the stand, but the time for theor out rows of larch or grounds, forests, by plantingSt Co. b3 SO 50£0 do b«0 80Jt 10 do 13314 Lonislaaaditk, Haieltlne,ma- he did not would in a manure-wlU not Btve fibrous roots, and is therefore dllBcult of trans- ulanUug from. The strong alluVial soils of the west ktepUie tree growing too long to allow it to hardenthe name of for a Wiixs,has,do ..opg 70)4 60 Galena &manuring land, growmanure will not do. Very few people know what a into and fit it wcod,past, tieen collecting money from the resi-do do do doSPICIS.drews.loading for San Franclseo in Cotsman A Oo.'a syjaplantheap. Theplantneedsliighcultivation,buttoomuchdaysopgOld Am.Qr.DelB.$t 02'aMa s Vjtheir taste Is not sufflclentlv edu-- night last.il.should be dry, and not too lightheavy.dothe rest of Ms time In show- only this.nur»ery 1-.Mr. PiXBxjiDig from the black-board how the hermaphroditethe beach." The vessel'i°«'to'flthh'e.rVoff f'm" fi, •awers of Uie strawberry produce firult.AORICOLA. soil70'i ..sio n\ do......... taa 70^ 60 do mTi 300 Galena a Chi. B .... 67Ji ... 67Hhe—An old IkW. LEWIS F. ALLEN UPON THE APPLE. toattemut toIn of all the sus-reporteo te.^°e'ionVrS-i'i«V j^j„ ShcVmUSSKSlffla.^ thefor theMr. Lxwi3 F.anbrokenpected persons and places living ed include professional gamblers,.located100 M. 8. *Stock Baard.^rof -Niagarahaving "in theirrespective Precincts. Persons denominated suspect- 100 do..^.morning lectureCounty, N. Y., a gentleman wellh;,rilpan," for, at the very moment when the best thoulil be made, dry weather come on sSdThfladelpUaPHii.Anii.PHiA, Wednesday, Feb. 6.tttCyIkaMVato the fruit-gro^^er, but perhaps better knownit.gWJtOCk-ratoer, delivered a lecture on the Apple. that It will not recover.15?4 60 Panama Railflsad 132IAndrofssnhere todlstrass, aaterewdisa-t*«*«ltenT)Cf our country is an important one,during the remainder ofthe season. Fifth—The propagation of stocks. Thishas become a Branch of highly ImportantTbcesiiat, Feb.confidence to-day, especially on State Stocks, New-York, ingoingottt.got ashMj on fte East BaafcbJ;banal, la $106,750and fix-; «e,flOO Wf fcr home eonsnmptlOB,wertk fad to stock, and $IS,(r'0 ^ICB seat to market, araeontii-**.uireroutlng care, get good growthibr New-York Central ia apparently on the in.$17 75 CBAXoainew,$18SO. Laidfirm. Faxioiasso than thefie deccnnlil returns toleft out.the nursery business, one firm last year planting twelve bushelsme.-ins ofhouses of Ill-fame,tVeen Mow'le'firtnt'Mrd La >d ii£dr~A steaastfcw ^if a^Boa<-«„8us.makers seemsupport.He sutedM bso tea ssjt"Sta —»ood strawberry iscated to perceive the difference between the common•Idbaryaadthefruitofthegardenbed. Afewtri-ak, however, of such fruits as -'Burr's New Pint" wiih every regard to convenience-woold eoDTlnce any one of the greattke eoUtvated berry. Plaster Is the death of the s'raw-berry. i^ of individual plants sometiiues. five or sixyears. ^&* Haan, of the Honiculturvit^ mentiuaeu rely on what others tell that he33 Chi fc Rock Isl. R. 62HH% b«0 63b60n'< C62"iCen. R.39N Cen. R. opg. 70-'i T,suiierlurltylOOM. g. 4 N. la. B 6S4$10,000 Mlesourl St Cs 81 160 193 |3S0 do 100 dom ineof;the wasflng of the soil in heavy rains. ItMOdo do do—should be sheltered from fierce winds by rising50 Uech. An. Wii 180 Banking»OT.131H stO 132« —New.York; WUd Bar_ Cat,_Bostoe(.nor too light sandy soil, even^th heavy manorlng,UobUe Canada lilsK>BrlSilver.Mexican DoIb $1 06a Spanuh Qrs. each. Z^-aof c<,nrse be avoided. thoroughlyfruits, should be hisnot live at as about «forth fruit In a fewThe Police Captainstions of the Police Commissioners, are engaged.. »t llOO t B. ls.B.»30 62j£'lOOfor traiuplantlng.Span.S fei-lSltox.l Gtld.4 8194 86 .8 949 ~ —--y, '•^ a of Calted SUtCTOMSIKra»i-5H^-e,U-p->no3Si,at»J»F_ground.byhisspecious represenutionsdo New-Jerseyand one of the nurcry should be set apart as aparthim in addition. She also promised him $3Tea-guilder pes. 3 989 — "panlsb Douh'n.U 40316 SO Patriot Donbl'DlS 70ei6 16 <}old.—Am. Old. 6coichaid. Every specimen nurseryman should know his ownclothing,dence. No. 164 Elm-street it subsequently tratisplred20 SSCOND BOARD.Liverpool Bee. 16, not Jan. 16, as appearsDraining than for farm;she had before made a donation for the300 do KU MO do..1 10® Crowns..! OS®A soil atonythat it was for thebenefitofCollars 1 lOQ Epanisk B8aPlve-franc pieces.27-3 —tbe Coast of Africa, in chargecrops. This should be donesiune objectSovereigns^questionwiselyproperlydecidingin the Tuttle No. 535 Hudson-street was awakened by the noiseandin Nationalthat Nominating£xpeiienc«d beav7 House, of and made public through the morning papers, had erl-V gales the entire passage. Arr. off BatterF at 4:1^the Stock market,Ml] t o'eiwk this morning and the Iraeetlng adjourned. product may rcaili 400 bushels. This may .seem high, mrM at Syracuse. The matter was finally decided, room. He suddenly opened the door, and saw a man at first construed unfavorably for the London Money and passengers to Ladlam k Heineken. Feb. 9, at 2 P.neIond 1511 bushels, the third 250, an by the fourth thesome person attempting tounlock the door of hislittleor no effectupon-would always use a sharp instrument. There Is grow them in the tree formBuclwnore damage done to trees by the use of dull and in the Spring give them abundance of soap suds. the State Committee, and acquiescence was appa- locked up to answer a complaint of attempted grand rate at this figure early in the day. Money rates Steamer Penguin, Williams, Providence, with.eaUaiB?Ann Phelpr, a German woman, residing In New- StreetHerrara, Coidad Bo-Mist be tartaric acid, sogar^and aroma all present, inthe proper quantities. A grape deficient In sugar, and to-which you have to add sugar to make wine, is not theIking we want. Sugar added produces alcohol, which the best varieties.^iU^make dnmk come, when sugar which tlie grapeand legwood to Delafleld A Wilson.Scbr. Calliope, (of Boston,) Hopkins, Rio Janefav Dec.to R. P. Buck A Co. Has34, in ballast, experieace* veiFheavy weather.Scbr. Uartln, Goldthwalte, Slixabetbport far Saee.;care It may be made to produce abundantly. The aim ofthe Club is to advance the Interests ofthe;and passengers to JosephAllen.than most people suppose. <tuttti»»—Give a list of hardy grapes for open-airLike the raspberry it cannot be manured too nated at j»imo«T^-Whal constitutes a good grape ? There highly. Those who cultivate only the red orImplementsYIELDED TO TEMPTATION. are quiet Bark Active, (Nor.,) Hoop, Sondertaad teda.,vltl>The currant is one of^ our very beat small fruits. party irrespective of the persons who mayis comfortable for the Brokers, without be-ooal to Older.Bng Carlos Heinrich, ( Ven..White Dutch Currant, do not know what a good—The Pacific Mail has Steamship Company^ 30'aCO days.^cent,currant is. five-eighthsas superior in size.for theone ofthe of whichi'^TM**'" will not, let the chemists say whattkey pleaae. I would as soon pour alcohol into a dents of the Scientific School, at the Halls of Llm- will beTo carry out this enterprlae, the St. Lmtit•Dgbtta$9,259,280.The needful amendments to the ctartcr of theErie Company, to enable the concern to reorgan-wlth coaLBchr. D. B. Barnard, Hoffaer, Klliahethiert to Bce-toD, with coal. _ _ ^. _..,. . Sloop Harvest, Corwln, PTsvidenee.wlthadss. S.a1lED—SteamsUps Naahvillc. Charlsstsa ;gomery. Savannah.BELOW—One henn. bilg. WIKD—During the day tnm 8. W.The best kinds grow to the dlame'er of of an inch, and are as much finer In flavorIPOESIA.just completed arrangements:wascom-otherinto the Bub-TreasuJy, $79,000The following are. Id myopinion, La Versailles, La Hatlve Cherry.which she sought to leave the store.taken from her, however, and she was arrested.White Gonduoln, and Sargent White Province.taken,receiptswith coal.from thisabout the 21st Inst, as the pioneer steamer of thethe same means.the color of a wall more apparent as the course proceeds. It has been has been attended with great delay at all dmes, and London Cira Badce.—This unrivaled Saoce,evident all along that the speakers knew what they In some Instances to such a degree as to prevent a 'manufactured by Paxxix Baoraxis, London, can be were talking about, and it was, of course, taken for connection with the Panama steamer, so that passen- obtained <rf their agent in this City, A. J. PAXxia, atShips Yorktoim, for London;Tictory. toThe new arrangemeat will possess another afl vantageWorcestershire Sauce, aad can be obtained at one-reportedSplt-Shlpbelieved willuseful In the detection ofnals has been many times Illustrated.enhance Its roguesrcsdy an exchange has been made with the policeThompson Bbotuebs:retaineil. This when carried being arrangement,cook. Chase,Oaala,out will enable anthe moment they undertake operations In any other39 Mich. Cen. Rallr'd. 37imrm^i-dte<:u30,0-00 HisBourl St.9^5;do doMew-Orleans^^recognition of culpritsl.ilK) VirKiuia St. Ob. P2*ito takegraphic Ukeoesses hereafteKa quarter life-size, simi- 6.000 dob«)37i< kTjledoR.1»HBaltimorethat the Idea >(ew-York.by Deputy-Superintendent CASPsmia, ror aid to those rendered destitute by the calamitous Itre la Elm- street, has met with a most liberal response. AlreadyA $1,200 In money has been received, besides clothing will make enough for twice the ntmiber of those requiring itMMbds .S3 6,000 M.C.R.fprct.lstown experimenter, and not" him. It will not do for the place indicated. He Is describedI am Dwarfs have much facilitatedrather stout, six feet wearing heavy whisaers.Inheightdo b«0 81 100do..bSO 71bSO10% .b24 70^aples, may thus stand upon half an acre, aad briiigman."ive hundred pear trees, or oneyears. Fourth preparation of pasture, or a clover lay, Is the b»st for nursery pur))Oses. Plow deep. It is utterly in vaingrow nursery stock on landa hard- Bro-«th.s<0 40 b3 39<<106sub-soil, usually called.• .;.SOORoalIng Rall'd 60ParkBank"^A":o'.V»°rt *.*»*^^ yNo—v. A8,,New-Yor>krk,. hlias pot.ip 5Sw-Tork,; t. bled.-(By telegraph.)mayrest the progress of the tree to such an extentknown burglars, of stolen goods, counterfeiters, and persona generally living without any visible The suspected places embrace gambhng-houses, low dance-60 Cleve. k Pitts. B.Stocks firm but dull. Pennsylvania State 5s, 93}HorrlsIsland Railroad, 11^. Pennsylvania Railroad, >S>..k«l««il***rHBOrerteiaaw lt,«rJB•niaent Jt if iarariaWyyoik, la «WO eODBtlaf, produces more apples than to be taken and be grafted on, but it has been discov- has never yet been made. It Is believed, however,MV Blrte ta the Valeo. Wayne County, our most ered that only the b*st of stocks should be used. It that after the completion of tohfe crreicmoerdw,itllhebepower of pmarntida,llayt a further advance of t®Jto (Bv telegraph to Xawood Watte. Bs«., Secretarythe Gov- of pear seeds alone miUions are ;where oard-playing and raf- occurrence. A record of this kindBlaTketa by TelegimFh. Niv-OiuuNS, Tuesday,tAkmg out cV«o, sndshewmpTfltably getoffr*v^estem New- stick in the from Europe. AnyyearYork Centralof underwriters.)m Helena-bHjr, (afBaHlBors,)/i^dnted apple reghmj P-^odnjed aftaeks yearia«,MObarrelsofWfiea.This,at«l12)4pertothe"lefoarf-btlhisghtIs"wthoiscohwtheseedtsheimn.aThebestsIunbcsreravsed.,r39.400 In saaie tS» last' increased re-n AtFort.«a-FTtBee,Jan.«.bi*!SSSSa.^^"barreU were remedy dry soil, put » here no trees have been grown, and cultivate with W.SW: •2S,000 to a before the sea-;old Moss,worth of dried son for the arrives. To get blightin the face of the diseuaskin now going. tmehianged. ^ Fe.bj,. a»•;Moa^^^KTiSSlSliaritoad.-stocks of any as the pro- kind, the seed must be sown tnln. Nimerymen areAt Cnidad B<dlvar brU« Wm. WUso^ "SK^rrnjM:«;.at fault 111MatX ef 9VX eomnty, tc MSrlr *«t»,on. Wagara j>l«B, pears ai;(l plums. The pliuB stock Is difficultimported everyshape of a tree used fl.ngand Panama. The Western shares sympathized, and there was a &ir de-are offor sale in one Is exceedingly dlflkmlt to get good pear stocks, owln^ the police for the prevention greatlyCotton—firm, and ic. higher sales, to-day, ;of three 7d,a0y0s0, b4a1l,e0s00:bmailedsd;lirnege,ei1p0t!«t>cf.s«almlXeot.i;mes,al4e0s.500 bales,towing too thickly, partleiilarlv ap-(wgood^Naw-Oaixuie, Wednesday,ar-—LiDEEALLT RiSPONDXD To. ^The\appeal madeS30 I6S VirginiaMWlNEW-ORLEANS, Feb. 8.-Arr. ships Albert Ci Newburyport; Elisabeth, Rio Janeiro; An'few dentsoftheTenthandThirteenthWards,70S 300 SO b«0 70>i 100 ..b30 70\ 100was Inducedto give..130opg "OT. ICO«l c. 70% 100 doTwentyfran-v..was a and that he did swindler,OldAin.TlalfDols.1t*Hf^Ezckaase. BALnvosi, Thursday,prem. ^n?Uhr. Nye, fromashore on Cnrrituok,)making out a list, as faraspossible,andpickpockets, receivers9—P. U. Reading Railroad, 19<K ; The Stock Exchange manifested increasedCanal, 49!(;Longc. Fleb.*.—The seto. Xontroea. henestorHew- Mopiu. !,.„__. ^-,^houses andrumshops nightlyFeb. 7.and the best Interest of the City greaUy—Thk PoLiTECBSic Clcd. This organizationyearUichigan Island.The ceiptsatthtaport,»»,0«0bales;increasedrewlptsFeb, 4,lat. at34, iOD.08.me^um-slzedHv H weal hermet witli aa aooident Aoilncr damage slight.on the these sufferers. Fromsome which he asked her to forward tJ his resi-held lu regular weekly meeting last evening In ItsRooms at the Cooper Institute, Prof. Craos Hasoh crease,— Cotton Bti«fer,but not quotably changedfor Hew Tor* soonplea and a lady, althoughaaUFeb. S8. Bates ATbe bark that was bronght to tbia portMpjSGallery,the Book. Bvaas, torfi-yst^^ **^?^1®3H-—r./.:?n. ^ /.- »,,,' »cnat*^lutMr. Biocs's paper elicited tema^'^ f^^ |b, Bnua and Prof. Hisaicx, after ^ajeb, ob boUob of ft*report at «)M meeting te be held two weeks froas this.Mesars.Ourj, Hedrlek. John- Bedye, SeiteU, Smart,cent,waabidattheclose.M^ $17 «>«$18. <jun>beW«ilWl«._^ __^.,T 'Wisan's steam Ice-sleigh "Lady Franklin.'' MoreIn theStates Marshal for the Southern District of New- ningble to attend the funeral of the late Ju4ge iKSaasou.;to-day 3,400 lidn.District-Attorney,AMiCAL Election or thx Amxrican Inbti..^about 39, which is a fraction lower than yesterday^ steady at 18}®!$}. Panama brought 132 ^TCTX.officersby the success of the^ CITT FOBV-OVn(».RobertL.Fell, 187Hall, 50. The result of the election for SecretaryWilliam B. The can- vass for the other otfioers will be completed to night There is, however, no doubt as to the success of theMallThomas HcElrath, 233 Leonard, 188; majority for Leonard,' 45.was as follows-.;entire • Members' Ticket-''A JcDicions Appointment. Sergeantandture, introductory to a a course on Crlnainal Jorlspru. on the 2l6t of February for the purpose of atteiyllng Treasurer to meet a part of these advances Is no^ EtnaJan. K—I>lCTCRi; BT Wm. Ccktis N0TI8, Esq.—A Lec- of and Clly Blues-VA!misBn.T falls ta fumish that ship to carrj the remarks, he observed that, for a thorough comprehen- to..Kew-Tsfk. Mtm-'sion of theJohn W. Cattr.The Board oe Codncilhen. As there was not patadsubject, knowledgeupthe Waiktr, or the barque JottfkFeb.aS-...Llv«rDO»l.Feb. IS... -Liverpool rea thx wist lasiis.cannot overfeed theberry. The strawberry has a multitude of fine fibrous cited the cases of the Trinity and Dutch Churches. meeting to order, an adjoornment until Monday was for many yearsbe made very richHav-fir^^Hui should the plants be set in setting roots, and as it grows little woody fibre, it requires He alluded, en patianl, to the witch trials in New- declared.have not been in so condition ae now goodto a Woon delegation to Charleston, it is proposed fitat repalrhagor replacingshould be adjudged to imdergo the punishment of the respective parties were present Mulligan'sBoomand the in regular Board,regardpopular advantagesthis State, when, having .been subjected to the Eng-Patereon,N.J.,will visit New-York—Feb. 4....Salva».a in the Chamber of the Board of Council- quorumappointedof Night Soil Docks, in place of Wm, 11.will appearwith the It for trial.was drawnAlbany, to throw open the Stock ExchangeLnling Brigsaggrefgoautned In; ;and said that the remainder of the silverware had been disposed ofearlythisatand soon afterVirginias 92}Tb* OvarlaBd KaU *irevarr Koadaj aad Thnrsday, at S A. K. ImMms «»confessed theirto swell the roll to three htmdred names. A commit- to Marcus Jacobs, a jeweller at No. 82 Oliver sueet count. The proposition was opposed, however, by Mobile, Lavton ti Hcrlbnt ; S. D. Bellows, Clark, Phil-whereupon theyJacobs was accordingly arrested on a charge of hav- thecents a quart lor It. Central Committee, and declaring It to be the policy the name of Andrew Murray, and made some in the trade here, while the Exchange on the night.trrrm S. Fitllu, of New-Y^ork, on the stand. In With gaveThe gooseberry is a fine fruit. me it has never of Republicans to sustain the action of their duly trivial excuse for his suspicious conduct,give them clean culture, an evident dissatisfaction with the course pursued by ed to credit, and in default of $1,000 ball, he was namesThe whortleberry Is difficult to transplant, but with rently given merely as a matter of party necessity. larceny. at 6®7 ^ cent. The supply on the to Isaac Odell.which Jus- feeling faoaing, whether of roots or branches, Mr. Fullu mildewed. I know not why, unless it is because I constituted representatives. There was, however, tice QiACKiHE€BH, before whom he was taken, refus- LondonLocust Point, French, Savannah, witk mdse. to H. B. Cromwell A Co.k>e nomi-Additional Steam Commttniiation with Cal- J33e2rsey, afternoon, and while in. *lng excessive,Chicago.went into the store of Milm P. Dayton,DiscounU are easyat at;livar MBrig Echo, Rice, Port- aa- Prince Jan. SB, with eofllsean extra lecture by Mr. Allis, and to- a line to rim between New-Orleans and Aspinwall mitted her to await an investigation.To-nightmorrow night a reception by the. Faculty and Stu- dirtcl.supplying necessityThe were goodsVants ofthe Californiahas long been felt We allude to the establishing of Justice BsiBJiiM, before whom shetrade,to New-Orleansline, to leave that port for Aspinwall on her first voy- flexibility. The local pain in gout or rheumatism isC.COO;Annie K. Glover, Boblason, OalyeatSB. Brexamination. DISTDRBED IN HIS 8LUMBKRS.No. Broadway, yesterday 7Erecting some goods waa "observed to conceal about $125 worth of silk and satin beneath her cloak, w-ith^The Customs fo-day were $92,000 In cash)ds.. with hides, Ac, to MoUer & Biera.saosoH S.OOO N.Y. Cen. b!.'76.1SO>«Interior Pennsylvania„ am NORFOLK, Feb. ».—.Arr. steaaier Aaaasta. ftass Mew2,000 do100 Phoenix Bank» 1061i600 Panama Rbto 133)4 131DUoois and Wisconsin MichiganTennessee FreelndlanaBOCnmb. Coal Prerd. liH 100 100 N. Y. Central K- c 70S 160M.S.F-Cvt. Bl.. 9»lOB do-.-•«Sight Drafts on New-York unchanged. Pbii.asii.fhia, Thnrsday, Feb. 9,Bight Drafts on New-York are at par."*^ lj«w^jj-g "^iCatharfOB teMBSaFeb. 9.-711. Br. ba—*I^BsBver. frsai with Aa cargo of plclna.'b..M. «•_ I_bt_M l.OOOHar.B.do[AftTsmanneliLi Ointment.-ContractedMillions of bottles are now used every year In the United States for children teething, with never-fallingJicenUabottle. . AliMiusaisfl,froBMorfott. andabriglatovsrtba Baer on Saturday,la?d,bdclain^hbte^Ss.eeEn-b,e^j"-'o"n'd*t,h"e'W.J sRaleaattheBtockExchange—Fis.9.Tutssataasiss*.6a BlO50 Fac. Hail6 Pel A B. Canal Co. »3 23 Illinois Cen. BJt® —»i« \ •2i««2S«Candiae EUesiB, BoeUiaib Fox CAXiroaHiA.—Theellppei-Atp SMn,lOOChl.28 Bank of Commerce. 96 |I8 doN. I. G. 8. I6>t 100 Hud. River B.previouslyCleve.do b60 aos Interior MarylandKew-Orleaas, land Light, bark Gen. Warren, Tark'a I^Southern common and preferred shares, againstand for Chicago and Bock demand at all the ports, 48M00 bales. Poai firmon theas read aid accepted. Mr. BMJKt read apa^r on nre, A nuDor obtained this <DT«iigon that the to-day, ae,m bales at jol«c.«U}ic.Thomas M. Tryniski 309 South 4th Street Fulton New York 13069one.Helnrlsk. (OMca..lIn the chair. An Interesting report on Frankllnlte onin theAsaembiyProbatingmeas-;i»les middll^idg.,iUntitled DocumenteuyaDaTiBreB.,) IssNtT-zerk.cent, forstrg. S., was signalised,49}MichiganThe Xnropeaa aiaila tor the Ciii af Baltimtrt wtlt-sothesubjectdropped.;>^r^1<l JW«>k^4l' Si^j Y!'"ilftf^'ik ^^n\''ontheaolqect Bat waa thisconttadictedto report by telegraph,^' bnsbels vellow, at TTc. B»oo«—Sidea, TJi-^request General-Soperin- cents. Erie Bonds steady for the early mortgages,at die Second Board; Bsles of LK» bosMs White, $1 so. ftrnWe. CM»tn«flWbisxi firm, at22e.®^c. CnnnmrAn,Thmaoey,by the Press Bt to the effect that the dlacua-; Bad,to-day,the lower Mouse, where the 17,100 balea, and the receipts I7,8I«. Other atileMB'ofthe members present may pass any bill to a thirdthe whole House whereas a bare ;Hepayment must depend somewhat upon the success of Asia. Feb. l6....«ew-T•I».--upBremenOceanCanadaQ.aetn CnitedKlng<low. .Jaa. 28BremeaLiverpool. *ew-T^s,wtiiilepublic,to arrears paymentsgeneral;and there is no other 52S miles ofgreater efficiencywasThe later English news received last night,Steamship CityHanehester, Cummings, Liverpealfell tocent, for the standard SteamehipSteamer Fotomska. Nye. New-Bedtbrd, with108J %»a leading Banking house placing their:)cent.cent., at 3'2>4 months, and 6® 6}ize its finances have been introducedat 6and to settle with itsatsame inonth last year. The Burlington andMr. A. H. NicoLAT has prepared an elaboratesuccesa Relief is immediate and ocrtain. compilation of the capital and condition of the from the S. SfitFrench Crowns.43ermsnPrussian Thaleis. Iia T«n-thaler pleoH7 86a linilders 40«FnglishBilver....* snaSpecies 1 083for meeting the— Liverpool... -Feb. l....HaiDtiarg... .Feb. 4 Liverpom...|CDsmcATi. Tkiuidv, WpfcJW on New-York.atteea , CHAaLsatoii,WedaeadsT,Feb.*ofFlOCB qniet but firm, at $5 37^$£ Mat the Howard-stiret Whiat steady at $1 40*$1 M toA.H.though Steamship Torktown. Farrish. Richmond, wtlh arfsa.j dis-bursements, $146,000; balance this afternoon, Schr. Waterman, Watson, Ellxabethport lor Bestsa,-.andfor the week, correcttxl for us from the liohtbd.in. Steamer Nashville, for CharrNew-York State Correacy New-England New-JerseyPhlladelpUa....s-ioa i-a« i-s«Shipslodiaoa,Ooaa,fteaHaw- — from Philadelphia. ~'— Orlesna; Old Dominion. Fulton. ApalaeUeolis.J**'. Tork for Savannah;A contract has been The steamshipBoston;-saiUled ftroimn"GGreenPF<<rdint for thet »Co/aus—tEm;.New- York. neaxvaops..Jan, 7Vew*1eik..Jan. 28Sunsets. 6 3( mOB WATXK—THIS DAT.:jQov. lalaad.io 66MARINE INTELLIGENCE.irEW-TOBK....THCRSI>*T, Fdt.t.a Clarea.to the vote Steamship Vontgomery, Berry. Savannah, H. B,& Co.-Wolff; W. Aikin, Wsdmaa, St. Jsha, P. LNerias Ji;:Bird, Carroll, FtalHkT,Card, Wolff;; HummiDKGlasgowH. J. k & A. CJo.meAtl,berto, TPoaorkresrb,orAop,stDa.eHnieDoeia OaklUSTafxcbarkenunoiDya.l_.i 1,andtnsnresatthelowest htatji;;•She VM towed through www.fultonhistory.com 