 opioion is ontitled to little reepejt or coaoidora ion. lhavenowdon»withyourindictment oftheIrishRegiment and the Irish race.Let me, tco, pray you to reflect on the attitude youbeen b-es:Ml to1*21.166percent!1831.to1811 14.6 pu. ceuM 1841 to 185L13.5percont. . .11.9 per cent.Themanufactureofwhitesugarhasbeencommenced on a considerable scale on the habitation Tousson. The Louisiana emigrants a t St. Marks have already raisedeign slanders inro this soil.You endeavor, as f*r as you are able, to raise a bar-rierofjeal-usyandi'lwi;ibetweenyonrfellow-citi zehs 01 diilezentraces; and you do thisjn order to shawcent per annum interest, and no more. The remainder of the profic is devofed to two purposes: the first is the maintenanceofaf<eelibrary,-nnwe-r^oms,andeven- ing classes for the-members. The other is a dividend fund, or drawback, which is divided among the cus-centage of annual increase in tho countries of Western Mr. !C. N. Pischon, t;e chaplain of the Prussian Em- Europe, and the period required for doubling. I t isThe army had been considerably recused—from 360to 250 m<-n "per company. Further reductions are con- I dteite you t o publish; also, the response of Mr*your cverflywing ze*l in honor o f an uatried, nntold tomers of the store i n proportion t o their purchases.Zeitschrif;derMorgenlandischerGcsellschaft,baa years:. ..'.given a very complete account of Slavery in Tarkey, Norway.. • •••*•»ioclndivg a historical sketch of the attemp e to aboiisu Denmark. •.•»'••• ovyfoen.................thejSlive-trade, sooe. considerations on the origin of oaxon^ . . . . ' . ' . . . . . . . . . . . . v . Slavery, the principal provisions of the Mobainmedan SttjlWid1Increase'. • • • • • • i l . Jit)0 58.0.88 . . . . . . . 0 . 8 4 0.67 >•••••a0.*)o.......0.53 0.44.. . . . . . . 0 23Time of Doubling.71 do 79 do 83 do103 do ,'.' 119 do 131do 158 do 302 iolad of nineteen whose ocly clai n t o yonr homage i s This latter dividend is often larger than the first; since that ne may at eome time ascend a foreign throne.if you could fuceeed in this mischievons attempt, the a man who spends £25 in the store, has a dividend of £ 3 placed to his cr«dit; as a sort o f discount upon com11ot.estreprobatethatrotBawayhislifeinthehispnrcbusce. Thustbestoreis,iafact,thecity jail wou?d be less a public noiaacethan you. purchasing agent o f itsmembtre. The members,country. •'• V-A great public dinner was held in Port-au-Prince onState, and National Committees, are the folio wioct " All money prtid to the disrict solicitor will at once 6e banried to the town agf nt. who will keep a daplieate"What is the sum total of his petty offenses, compared to the heinous and maligiant crime o f preaching Up a war of races in the midst o f the Ameriaan peop'e? T h a t c r i m e h a s b e e n . c o n j m i ' . t « d o n c e b e f o r e , a n d b e thebloodshedinPhiladelphiaandelsewhereonthe heads of the false aod selfish m-*n whose inconsiderate words Ht the fires o f lawlessaes* and b'golry. Y o ution off slaves, and the means which promise to aid i n tbe entire abolition of Slavery. ' W e reproduce the fol- lowing! extract?:PclgiumGreat Britain and Ireiand J\llriLlloiaa •«••a••••*•••'• •*1 FranceHanoverAcuriousbustofLordNelsonhadrecentlybeen warded'totheStateCommittee,andbytheminturnto fouvd in the mountains of Acol, beariug these inscrip- tlie National Committee, to be by them expended. ' tions: " Rear-Adniral Lvrd Nelson of the Nile," <l Airm ; c h t y G o d ns?8 b l e s s r d H i s M a j e s t y ' s p l o r y , " a n d " E v e r y d o n o r t o t h e f u n d c a n t h u s t r a c e h i s o w n c o a -alt clatses of Americans." We have n»>t fouud ;t to be so. and we thill not take • oar word for it. There ia scarce a oity in America <vhere, in the various walks of melJectaal exe-tioc—the bar, the medicil pro-fe^sich, the press, or in trads—men of Iri h race do not" W e can do with fe ver overlookers than a master xranufociurer, because with us every man is aa over- looker,having strorg interest in tbe quality of his neigh- bor s work as well as his own. We hwe lesa wa^ts, because every man feels., with ua, that he has an inter-deaths. They show taat in these countries the annual dria and Cairo. So far as European observation has average i s among 10,000 inhabitants 260 deaths andhostility, though it should not be allowed to go uuxe-Boundbya thousand ties of bled, sympathy, and hopes with the land the-y have 1-fr, and tbe laud they Jive in. the millionsrf Americanci«iz*n* in whose veins r»nw tre blood of »rish rac% will worship, and love and h>te welcome or refuse to welcome, accorciog to their^>wn'?ense of Tight or wrong w i , oat ever coring to 1 ask tbe consene o f tbe Brifish pn-ss o r ire ftitbfalAnother great advantage, iu additiou to.all the others,is, that the cm-tomere a t these cooperative Btores are iChjldren of the house. S-ill, as elav&s, they never have Vhriavion. which, as will be seen from the table below,enabled to purchase unadulterated and genuiner goods any voice, and are subject to the will of their master are very considerable, are exceedingly difficult to deter-fipdin THE TRIBUNE of July 28 a letter from Mr. Thad-, Io inform the country wbat be aid do with Qie moaeytdecs Hyatt, relilive to the subscription opened i a the and to let them hnve t^e facts. At tbe time I recdvedUnited "States in favor of tbo widows of John Brown tbe contributions for the oauae of freedom ia K-uasss, Iand tbe other martyre to the cause of liberty who fell gave a receipt for that specific purpose, and depositedsS Harper's Ferry, or were execoted a t Charlestown, tbe money in the City Bank of Worcester to the credit Virginia. /After having paid the coats of the trial, and of the Vreesurcr of that Pund. I was Cashier of tbat ether expenses, there remained i u the hands of ths Bank a t that time, and the Chairman of the CountyCommittee $6,150. I n this sum ie included $2,600 Committee was one o f the Directors, and of coarse wbioh was collected by Mr. Hyatt, who had conceived knew (bat the money was deposited there.end executed the project of selling the photographs of The whole amount that I recr-ived reaiained then on•••••;,.paying for them over tbe counter. He may withdraw echo Harper s Weekly Journal *>f- Civilization. W e a.portion of the money be hapio vested bat that process aay to >on, as you say to us, 'Make no rash experi- must be duly gone through, and the transaction squaredJohn Brown ac §1 each. More than 3,000 copies were deposit until April 21, 1858. At that time I deposited sold, leaving a profit of $2 000, The sale of Redpath'sment*. , „ .Keep your paper to its legitimate uses. Give your at once. It is well observed by a writer i n Fraeer'ereaders wotd cuts, ard waltzes. Le". them feast their Magazine, wbc seems to have b*en convinced, almost eyes over the freshest fashions, and shake their inno- against bis will, by what he saw at Rochdale, that " noLilV of John Brown permitted the Comn>ittee to realize the whole amount ($1,100), b y the direction of thu $1,800. It is. therefore, only $1,700 which the sub- Corornittee, in the Worcester Mechanics' Savings Bank,Catch the froth, that danws o»er the rough sea of life and serve up to yoar readers weekly the nutritioua rt-pas*. You can b e classical, if you choose, and t-dl them, the Greek-Apbrcd«te was made of snch stuff.All this yon can do eletrantly and well, and thereby brir•& harmless pleasure to many a worthy fireside.But do not soil jour reputation and degrade your ntpftrto the vile use of swing jealmsies, scattering insults, and itirring up strife between the citizens oftbi* Republic ; . . ' I t * condition of the United Spates—social and pohtx- cal-—isn«.'t to complete!v satisfactory, that any of us has thne to spare for the 'diacoueion of the comparativemerit* of races. . ' *could have been given to tbe working classes o f that complaint against hi oa if they have witnesses, and the population in several countries above referred to, is lipd. Without any advantage of/ this kind-r-without Mr. Amy. - Very respectfully,I «m, Wr, your obedient »*rr»nl. „ '' . AN IRISH-BORN CITIZEN.A*w.yor*,Oct20.1««)-routed out in proportion to the value of the coSperation ofitsmembers. These cooperativestoresare,in fact, nothing more nor less than a modification of joint-stocking-w^ips, or blood-hot nds for hunting runaway slavesinTurkey. FaithfulblaveHgenerallyreceivethesameSin: May I beg the insertion in your paper o f thefollowingobservations,as corrective ofa statementwhich appeared in your columns the other day, andwhere ehe was received more like a n Empress than like the wife o f a President. As a sampls of the ad- dressesmadeonthisoccasion,wetranslatethe follow- ing from a school of young ladies:I ciau:ot ncdentand ao atratace A d« lay—bat of courso thlsfe not a uratt«r of aiuv. Iahorild b« glad, howoTer, to bareyosi trareoatthe$500you*p«&kiof. TowhomdidthoChairnrimof the Committee pay tha wontk ? I doubt whether the Matto—f ' Coruudtt<« ever received Ifl; but th* way to »«c«rtala this isIto understand the suicidal folly of strikes and riots." ,Here, then, we bave several notable* examples of the him. For drunkenness slaves are punished twice as se-HONORSTOMADAMEGEFFRARD—RELI-u.fii;bt-:t<.Thel»alu.c>-about$600,rcaiaiuHiutajhaada.Mjr GIOUS TOLERA TION. o^ect 1» wiitii>g ia to aaoertain whnt di.po»ijttoa waa madU mC From additional papers receiv <l y us tbi.< moniing too *tKH). Soni« o f tbe oontrlbatora are durtrooa o f kuo«ri»cofficials, at the expense of a credulous and too-confiding Farxrfo W a i o H T . ^ i i e y ^ » g o J wrote you^that public. The working-man's oobper-itive store is aa in--*»:•-•'. • ^ • ^ « * K : ^ PSSSP^..• •'.' '•"'"'•; ': ': ^-4tnsns, Spanuh, even British—their fidelity has bean fractnrtd limb. My brother came for me to take me in dsye, a'system of rail and State roads is jast now open-proverbial In each they have been true to the motto a bogjry to see a dying sister. In going down a ste»p ing every portion , of the' unsettled districts. The act Constantinoplethat the human guano of cities is not lees ricb in fertil- The Lt-gislative Chambers were iu session. Three izing qualities tft^n that which ia brought from Seathinscribed on the banner of the Iri-h brigade'in the ser- hill, the harness gave way. and the horse, being youug, of granting a free homestead of 40 acred to every land. vice of France, " semp-r et ubique fidele«." IQ ihe became unmanageable, at d t was thrown out ax d in- Jess actual fcettler, and giving him the eaeiebt terms for American ranks, all ttoough the W*r of-he R^olation. jured. It was well that I was not driving,- for had I purchasing latds, are crowned with the best conse-important laws had passed both branches and received postibility; the Turks have no freeeervants. The Ra- the official approval of the President. By one. Solo-mon, jr., Soulouque'H Minister of Finances, is banishedAmerica, the product of birds ? .I^et us fuppoBe (whioh seems not improbable) tht*the exert mentations matters, s»lid and fluid,' produeedand ia every war in whica the United State* ha* since been, I should not soon have heard the lat>t of it, for in quences for the welfare of the State.yahs—Greeks, Armenians and Jews—are served bybeen <ng-->g»d, Ixishmea have borne an honorable part. all our out-door labors, whatever, mistakes or accidents . But|the object.of tbia article i s more calculated toby tbe population of New-Yoric each day, together free persons, as they are allowed to have no Moham- for life. He has not been in the country for several with the benesand oth«r offal and garhage (aod Liebig- medan elaves. • But these servants' are usually very months, bnt has been intriguiog, by mean3 of parti- states tbat a pound of bone manure will prodnoe sue Lzy.axd unfaithful, and exceedingly unwilling to serve' sans, for bis return and a revelation. He was found pout ds of wheat), to be rqoal in fertilizing qualities t»to.be deeply implicated in the conspiracy of Prophets. one pound of tbe guano of commerse for each indivM- in Turkish bouses Slavery can bo-'abolished only Tbe last of that faction were arrested a few days pre- ual, ar.d we shall cave nearly 1 000,000 pounds of ma-. Jn «.very ar»y traitors are to be leond. D*st»rtion is may befall us, they aie supposed to happen, bacauae reler tio the latest developments of various natural re-no uncommon offense. Through the war of the Revolu- we are women and not men. A man was driving, sourceis of Michigan.tion, whsn this infant nation was u*ariv strangled by therefore tbe harness broke becanpe of some defect in The! first important feature in this respect is the dis-enemies io its cradle, the armies o f that very Power, it. Had I been driving the breaking of the harness covery o f inexlianstible salt-springs. Since manywbo*e repreeen ative. the trado, and fashion, atd fol'ywould have occurred becauee a woman wasdriviog. I tm now beginning to get about on crutches a little,years it bss been known that Michigan posseeses large salt beds; but today, after the last Legislature pro-when the Sultan and the chief officers o f the empiro will give up their harems, aa the service of the haremsnure, containing tbe elements of food, derived from our food, and originally from the soil of tbe country, and capable of producing, if refctored, according to the or-of New-York followed last week with sycophantic advious to the departure of the C. E. Lex; and their ex-uJaticn-rin that time of peril, Benedict Aro >ld, a tried"and trusted American soldier, deserted from his fl.ur but I fear I sr-all not be able to do anything more on vided a premium for the production of salt, the bedsamination proved that the cause of the late Govern-renders Slavery neeeesary; no free woman daring to ment is hopelessly lost; that the actual Adaaii-ietratiou der and design of nature, to that soil, nearly l,500,00fand betrayed bis poet. the farm this Fall, which I deeply regret, as my heart have b»en'explored at different places. At East Sagi-appear unvailed before free men, even her nearest rala-tiveB. The customs which are sanctified by the Koran clfse of the Haytian people. ,can only be abolished by a change in the religion of tho The other two laws relate to emigration. *•highest jereonagea of the country, and of this there is By the " Law on tbe emigration into the country cesspools and vaults, o r festering in open streets andy*cn,the City of New-York was loyal to the British-&S**-*TTJT;/1is in the. work t o demonstrate" to the mothers and naw the etrongfst salt brine has been bored at tbedaughters of our country the practicability of employ- dej.thof635 feet; the talometer is 90°, wbich yieldsis firmly eetabtished in power and popular with everypounds of wheat; we shall have all this wasted ia thw city every day; or, rather, worae than wasted, pollut- ing the rivers, o r ei haling i a poisonous gases frommonarch, as.it i s no»w, and the worat dangers that ing thenselves, profiiably.,heal:hfol}y and without any 22^ gallons of water. Tbe manufactory hsa commenced. American patriots had to fear were the treacaery aud sacrifice of true woaanly delicncy and politeness, in oi) a large scale, and some leads are alreadv ebipp d tovacillation o f a large and influential portion of the cultivating the soil, and making for themselves happy Chicago. The inexhaustible supply of fuel and timberweath, ani. trsda, and fashion o f American people. and independent homes on tbe land. Bat my daugh- for barrels at mere nominal cost 'n this cuntry, andlittle hope, either by tbe childish project; of the Greek of persons of the African or Indian races," it is enacted allej s. Tbat is to say, we, in effect, cast into the riven¥vr every Irishman th-itwas untrue io th-> Americanfl«g,yon kcof w*)l«hathundredsoftheIrishracefrom James Shields down . to the rank and file—havefought side by side with American-bi rn men, and shsdtheir blood in th* American cause with as prodigal avalor. Irishmencompote,Ibelieve,morethanhalfofthe wgu'ar army o f tha United 8tatestodiy. Y o uare icgenions and comprebensive i n yoar anti-Irii<hhostility. In the heat 01 your loy»l enthusiasm for the has since been tbe parent o f many similar institutions, rear of Jackson; but particular attention in the later heir o f the British throne you omit smrce anythingthat could be offensive to the pride of your Irish fellow- citizens.It is well done. BHod loyalty to Brit sh power, andblind hatred of the Irirhraee usually lodge together ingratuitously given to all families of laborers or farmors a million and a half pounds of bread every day, auk ofthoeeraces—tosinglementwocarreaux—ontbeir 365timesthatamounteveryyear.Whataainiquitous.ters are managing the farm skillfully, while I.am laid by,the best fttcilicieB for shipment to West and East, provetheimportauceofthisdiscovery.' AtGrandRapidsand other t>lafc«B the. salt manufacture has also been British and Foreign°Bible Society." commenced, apd proves itself very succflsssfal. • . .andIwilltrytobepatient.PALINAG.ROBERTS.SUCCESSFULFrom The Saturday Analyil and Leader.SOCIALISM.• Atithe same direction a s the salt beds, la fge coal fieldsjarestrikingtheLowerPeninsula,andcoalmiu ing has become an emerprse of. magQitude a t sameSome years ago a strong writer, sneaking of Lord Morpeth'sSanitarybillinParliament,summeduptheThe Rochdale Society of Equstable Pioneers, which places. Soon the Michigan!Central Railroad in the both in Rochdale and elsewhere, was founded in 1844, dayft-is directed to the coal mining in Shiawasse Coun-path had been, appointed General Agent of Emigration air, light, and water, wbich are among the first neces-when further resis*anc» was impossible. bnt it continued gradually tc attract customers, and ity. This extraordinary formation is sitaated ia the Hethatscentsdishonorinsnubaoaiitolation,either shortlyafterthefailureoftheRochdaleSavingsBank, County of!Presque Isle,witbin200feetofLake 1°21tc1K31to the soldiers themselves, or th? race from which they the capital of the store was trebled in twelve months. Huron. It is said tbat this marble resembles the Lis- aresprcng,isc-ni'a-edbyhisownpredjudices,andhis Atthepresentmomentthereare,inRochdale,three bonmarblemoreclca-rlythananyother. Thisdisoov-1831 t,p 1841...5 . pes cent.11851 to 18507percent':•••••. .a»maw«MWr>irtH W X .I^ im .Wf •!,.NEW-YORK DAILY TRIBUNE, SATURDAY, OCTOBER 27,18ft.M9femtopleveeus,notbyyourgood-leave,but•bythetobringitxatoaproperstateofcultivation.Itwill WESTERN RESOURCES. ofthemosthonorableofficialsintheempire;Hebaa ofbothcreedswhomIhighlyvalueandesteem,a?d BREAD v$.POISON, £ •ante right a» you WT« tt> w»r*htu m yo**«. take time to make it what we wish and intend to make whoeedomestic circles would do honor to any countryUlcrot'd. By I**V *H are, and by God's good help, all *bal!condone to h* /n^.IraveyettoJ*«roTh-toneformofreligionitanit.Weshallworkon,andpatientlywaitthedesired chargeoftheharemoftheSultan.Intbeharemallintbew«rl«,nordoIknowofanyoneinHaytimore ratabhxhtd religion here, and a l t others merely result. The .constantly increasing emigration from t h e the women are slaves, acquired by purchase, inherit- worthy o f admiration in a domestic relation thaa theAH physical evil is but something: good ottt of Farming i s not tbe besiness that I should, from Easiernlto the Western States; the investment of for- ance or gift; there are among them several hundred noble-minded Gen Geffrard, the present President of The system of nature, if left free to work, is ai gres*place* choice, engage in as a life-parsuit; but what we would eign capital in the development of the natural wealth black slaves, wbo do the coarser work c f the house- the Haytiah Republic, whose well-triiined and well- system of economy. 8ho is perpetually oarryiotg d«i ;You ch«rgc a»host toe Irish tbat they are poor. I tJs trt*»» Titey cm»e here b cau<w> they are p wr, au<iyon blame them for hating the mi*gov*rum*nt that fatr-er*, o r brother«,. for support, and sit dowutnd national economy demand that all the news of the than two hundred. As there is none of equal birth as having had much to do with sshools and eduction converting pcison into food. Men and other anioiafa^ Si** driven theoa fmm th*>r own lar>d t o so^kdo isanot always within our reach;'and i t i s not .wese of the .jWeet; i n short,, all the requirements o f the hold. The number of white slave women is not leas ordeied family I have bad the happuiess and honor of greot processes of restoration, changing ovil ioto g**d+ nor jost for women t o baog apen their husbands, knowir g for the last fifteen years. I would alus add,do nothing, me- ely because rhey cannot find that to d o great resources o f the Western country should b o with whom the Sultan can contract marriage, to avoid in Bayti, that among many o f tho well-informed by breatfcing the air, convert I t into carbonic add*. | which bt!<.fc 81)1-8 tleir incIinativaiR. As we have a properly brought t o the knowledge o f tbe public at the evil )esnltB of Nepotism be selects from among bis parents of that island, whether married o r «* ooaoa- wbich is a deadly p6i«oo. Bat all* wise and beueAoewt* & house on these shores. Bat r member they donot depend on, your charity for their auppori. T h ecbA'gru o f the puWic uMtrn ions, ia winch povertyfio<i« refuge, are defrayed ou. of the pockote of the im- live and spend our time as society and fashion dictate. At present, it will be of great interest to call the at- dines. The .first of thess who bears bim ason takes pre- •heir child*en. These statements do not,'indeed, alter fe^ainfi: upon.it the vegetable kingdom absorbs the car- ;farm, we prefer to live honestly and independently by 6 white elaves from four to seven First Women, or ca- binege, there is a prevailing willingness to make ihe nature has made this to be the food of plants; and im . tillingitratherthantobesupportedinidleness,"and ^K*[ .' '. .; greaiestt>acrificeetortheeducationandwelfareof'•&•migraata *h*mse)ve?. We hope also to encourage other women, other cedence of the others, and receives the honors of tho tbe fact that in amoral point of view Hayti needs the bon, end r* stores to the air pire oxygen, which is tt* ;Yonw that75percentofthecrimesofviolence motherswiththeirdaughters,whoarenowshutupin tention^oftheUniontotherapiddevelopmentofthe FirstWomanof'therealm\ Ifthiseonarrivesatthe, utmostsjmpatbyofallsincereChristiaos, Whitemcacommitted i n this cuy are committed by the Irish. I close rooms toiling wirh their needles for a miserable immense natural wealth o f the State o f Michigan. throne, bis mother bt-comes the Walide, the Saltan- of former days, who thought highly of their own civili- the same time the vegetable is nourished and grows todo sot bt-tievo the charge to bo true. Bat if i t were. pittance and a ntout precarious snb.Hiscence, to come out' Therejis, perhaps, no country on the globe, of similar mother, and usually laB a very considsrablo influence zation, corrupted, plundered, and ruined the Hxytiininuaoratity is not to be judged by the number of of- snd labor on the land io tbe freah air, and earn for extent, go highly favored by nature a s this State, African in every way, and in every sense, and then, become the food and sustenance of the animal and o f t i'evtvn as inush »s bv their *ritfht and snortulty. X>f themselves a more independent living 1 in tbe affairs of State. Netxt in rank to the cadines are basely taunted him with his degradation. Havti. how- man- ' , *certain classes of :rf«es, the natural a'tenda^ts of pov- There is freedom and health for woman in tilling the alrbongb for many years the land speculators of other twelve gcdtklikx, who serve the Saltan personally. ever, I trust, is now rising from her ruins, having at Tbe 6oil of the country furnishes food for the cUrf* erty and ignorance, such of the Irish immigrants a* are land as a gardener or a farmer,which can be found in no States.'have tried t o overshadow her preeminent ad- Tbe others are divided into odas o r rooms, each of her bead a man of soul and conscience, who ia - well The city pToduces guano, which should, in the order poor and jgncraiit are not uacommooly guilty. They. other employment. That I and my daughters know by vantages.are apt to be intoa) era>e, riotous, disorderly; but I as- experience. We are free to live out the pure impulses of In regard to the agricultural industry, her farmerssert mat o f the oflVteej wbich testify depravity of our nature, free to breathe the pure air of heaven, free prodnj-e. a qu&lity of wheat superior to that of anyheart and hea4, the cowardly, cold-blooded murder, to think and act for ourselves, and free to be what God other State. Tbe present year, beyond all question,the nddnJKbt stubbing, the secret poiaoaing. the malic:- made and designed us to be—true women. We are has been the most fruitful to Michigan of any year &incer»*nt and d**tar<*ly offenses that shock American scrie- free in a sense we could not be in any other kind ofty, very few can trnly be laid at Irian doors. labor. she became a State. The average yield of wheat init is »ot upon Iiuh bands that you coed look for the We have p-roved that women can do all kinds of this year is considered to be 30 bushels per acre, and it stain of the blocd that is shed i n the United States. farm-work. This, we think, is accomplishing a great will produce a larger quantity o f flour to the bushel Ton pay: deal; for often bave men told us that women could than in any previous year. The wheat crop in Michi- *' It Js not worth whfl> t o repeat to* rtorr o f th#» two Irish never encceed as farmers^ But my motto has always gan will reach nealy 18,000,000 bushels MichiganT«zin>f>nU which served uod^r Oen. Vso Reassolier. in tbo war been, " I '11 try," and the result IP, we have accom- •wool ^s .sought. for. with avidity by all the principal. orlSHS, or o' t&e I iaJroen i'ho d»»*jrted from oar army and con- plished everything we have undertakes.*o bring about such a state .of society, and t o make between free Turks and slave-women froin the harem them euoh a nation, as their best friends coulddeaire to of the Sultan are frequent, and it i s not seldom that see. I h e Haytiaos are hospirable to an extreme, andfilth; or else we deposile i t i n cescpodle and vaults, whence it is ever exhaling noisorous g*&* into theeducate elave-girls, to be married to their sons. B y st;ttit«.tth»battalionofSanPatricio,intooMoxlca*war." WebavefiveacresofsowedcornforfoodforourEasternmanufacturers.Theexportofwoolfromma"riagetbeybecomefree.You are light. I t was not worth while to repeat stock, 30acres of Hungarian KTSS>, 5 acres o f Spring tht re in this year, has been over 4,000,000 pounds; atobsolete stones. Of .the men wao fought iu 1812, few wheat, 8 acres o f carrots, and 60 acres o f oats. A ll an average p.ice of 45 cents per poand. Also corn, ': The price of slaves has risen considerably since the York for help in my educational plans for Hayti; and nearest river; and these outreges against the purity •€rtnroiu. The incident $o wrdeh you so vaguely al!ud«» these crops are good. We h*ve a fine erop of onions. oats, barley, potatoes, and fruits are cultivated there last century. 'The average price of a stout, well-form- I cannot but believe that the citizens of this great and nveis, tbat ought to be tie pride and pleasure of town*,is forgotten. I never beard of it xmUl now. Time and We have some corn (planted for human food), and with great success. ed black s'ave in Constantinople is from $159 to $200. prosperous, city, as well as those of Paris and London, are everywhere attempted to be perpetrated; a-id it isthe grave bave long »icce spread ih* mantle of sileace notatoes and peas that are very good, and some not so . The" slow prpgTfiss before made in the settlement of will respond to my earnest calls for help, especially necewary f o des'are and maintain that the cl*ansta* ofaxdoblivionovertheoffensesandofFe-'d-»ra'ofthatgood.Wearepreparingtosow40acreswithWin-largo[portionsoftbeStatebaditsorigin.(asbeforeWhiteslave-girlsofextraordiaarybeautyeellashighwhenitisstatedteatIamnowpleadinginbehalfofbousesandstreetsshallnotleadtothepoltutfs*ofday. Bot what relevancy the story o f Van Renssel- ter rye ard wheat. We bave also a small dairy of mentioned)* in the false reports of railroad and land as $2,000. The trade iu white Circassian girls is now n 7 « r ' Tte necessity which the Metropolitan Bear* aer's repim^rt* can h-*ve to the conduct of the Cyth female education in Ha?ti, being anxious to commenceBegiment of New-York State Militia iu refasing thsir nineteen cowp. We have" one girl, 16 years old, t o speculators it> other States,, and the want of roads by mostly carried on in the coffes-honses of Gala'.a and To- an eotabU?hm»nt for that purpose on my return'to that of Works believe to ejist, of castiog icto the sea, a t escort to a British Prioce i 1860—bow BO ancient an help us, which is »}l tbe help we have besside our own weans of which emigrants would satisfy themselves as p^ana, ai d i«. kept as secret from Earopeans as possible. island, which will be as soon as possible, being now on enormous expense, that which, if separated from tbe event can effect the auitud* o f the - Irish race in the daughters. Occasionally, the men "who are ditching, to thejtrue character of the spil and climate in. the in- The average importation of slaves into Conctaatiaoplo my way back to the laud where so great a part-of mv wj;ter and the gravel with which i t ie mixed, w w U UnitedStatesto-day,ish*rdtodiscover *xm <*m 4whenoutofworkontheditcbeehelpussoone. terior!©ftheState. Theythereforepassedontosettlei '.;->Itis true,! helieve, thatofthe thousan-JsJof Irish Butinpreparingtheland ingettinginandcultivat- uponivfcatthey thought more fertile prairies oJthe isnowabouttwo thousand fromEgyptandfivehun- who fought in the American ranks in the Mexican war ing all the crops I have mentioned, we have had only Weet.{ But a gr?at change of opinion baa takon place.' dred from th6 Caucasus annually.some few deserud. They atoned for their guilt wish seven days" work from men, snd that was in drawing Tbe Value of Michigan timber alone is far greater than " Of late years there have been many cases of slaves their lives. Tbey were f<*Jse to their flag, l'iiey died the drill to plant the eeed. The ret»t of the work has the advantages of tne prairie lands; the eoUand sur-the death of traitors, atd no man of Irioa raoa aU orer all been done by the five girls and myself. We have face ojf timbered States, like Michigan, ia iu every re- leaving their masters and taking refageinthe houses the earth, but lo*<bes tb*ir enwe, d«sni^es thei> memo- sowed our grain broadcast bv band; and I think any spect bore adapted for the produce of all the different of Christian Earopeans. The Convent of St. Benedet-lifehasalreadybeenspent,andwhereIamstillwil- ferti'iz«.halfacountry,isdiscreditabletotbemechani- ling tolabor aslong as itmay please God thatI calandchemicalskillofthenation."ry,acdthanksGodthatjusticewnsdoneuponthem. goodfarmerwouldhavesaiditwasjustaswelldone as any man could have done it—with- the same ex-Fcr if ever a race ha*. Blown, aa a apajuu chdr.cier- perienceisiio, loyalty to the fl*« under which it baopened t > Marvin (the husband and father), and the girls aregraiia1banthesoiloftbeprairieStates,andthecli-tohasbeenmadeanasylumforthem. Notonehao mate <>|f a country with rapid streams and crystal lakesLATESTFROMcooperative societies, owning among them a. capital of ery has created a great furor in all quarters where i tnoleesthan£60,000,thewholeofthat large amount hasbeenmadrknown,andextensivepreparationswillhaving been subscribed by men of tbe working-classes. soon be commenced. Mr Weinberg, for a long time a 1821 to 1831The original society has a grocery and provision ware- pupil of Prof. Geess, sculptor to the King of Belgium, In Prussia, tbe annual rate of increase was:house, a butcher's shop, a drapery and clothing-shop, Las taken thin enterprise in band. 1817 to 1828 1.71 p«.r cent.11340 to f846.'. . 1.27 per oent. fine crops o f cotton and tobacco. The cultivation oihave assumed.Because an Irish regiment of son:e few hundred men and shops for tailoring and shoemaking, ice caoital be- Iftcj ail this tbe lncreaeing development of tbe im- It29 to I84?r .1.35 per c*nt. 11846 to 1856 69 per cent. cotroh tins alt>o been commenced .at Jeremie. tional Kansas Aid Committee. Great, astonishment iapreferred not to think at d act as you think and act a s ing upward of £20 000. The plau upon which tbe mense; mineral wealth of Lake Superior is added, itIn Belgium the annual per centage of increase fell from 1.08 previous to 1846 to .42from 1846 to 1856; .iu Holland itfell from.93previous to18-10to.69from 1840 to 1850. , . ' . ' • • • '.The salary of,the President has been raised to $25,000 (American currency) per annum.Twosteamships bui'tbyorderofthoGovernmentin France, were duly expected at Port an-Prince.expressed tbat I should write to Mr. Haytt, the Presi- dent of tbat Committee, to ascertain what disposition hadbe*nmadeofthe$500whichIpaidoveru Treas- urer of tbe County Committee last November.My reason for writing is stated in my letter to MJV Hyatt, a copy of which you will find inclosed, whichto the reception of a foreign vie.tor, you preeame t o threaten;them*ndthewholeIrishxace,inthenameo: the Ajserican peoo'eYon draw mvidioue and offensive distinctions be- tween Irish and other cit zens.business i s conducted i s a s nearly aa possible that wbichi*.pursued,by publiccompanicsgenerally,with •be addition of an eduoaticnal scheme; and ya certtiiu limitation, as to tbe scale of profit payable iu cash. Each member is expected to purchase, bv degrees, five shares of £1 each: but is not allowed to hold morebecomibf- apparent that only fow Suites can rival Mich- iganhinaturalresources; andcapitalists,farmers,andYou exhume ihe his'ory of forgotten errors.'You awake sleeping prejudices, and transplant for- than one hundred, and upon these he receives five p e rThe Sunday market has been stopped a t Port au- Mr. Wappseu8 gives the following table of the per Prince, aa a violation of &e Sabbath.mechanics will do well to bear this in mind.S LA VER Y IN TURKE Y.D .bassy at Constantinople, i n the last nnmber o f the based on the rate of movement during the last 15templated.wi h a view o f developing the mineral ricn.es Of the subsciiption'books, which were to govern tbe CoantyaohrdtXtia........«..«....'.\ lawinfrelationtothepurchase,-nte,taleandemancipa- PjURSifl .' .,the evening o f the 27th September, in honor o f theAmericanJohnBrownCommitteeandtheAbolition- listoftbecontributors,andremitwhateverhereceives ists of the Ujqited States. to tbe County Committee, by whom i t will be fer-which has its superintendent, and all are s u ^ c t to the known to have at heart the elevation and true pros- of nature, b e restored t o the soil o f the coualt/ perity of the people over whom God in his providence (whence it was taken ia grains, vegetable, or meat) tomistress o f the court, who is called ketchod/x. T h e hasplfeced him. support its ferti<ity. But instead of this we threw it younger elave-girls are brought up iaa ver^ carefally- The result of ray long experience in Hayti is, that I into rivers or into the sea, converting those beautiful . guarded pbee until they arrive at the age of puberty, am fully convinced that there" is among the Haytian streams *>nd reservoirs of nature, the means of oleaaH- when tbey are transferred to the bar»m. Marriages people every element and every material of every kind ness and purity, into great open sewers reeking willt ytbe> aie married to Slaves who have been brought up to foreigners in sickness or distress, of .whatever color atmosphere, and perodatiDg downward and amatHL te . in their own households. Mothers often purchase and or nation, their kindness and generotity are worthy of saturate the earth with filth, and pollute the veins nui.admiration. v fountains of wa'er. Said the Hon. W. Cowper, Chair-It will not, therefore, be a matter of surprise, that I mj»n cf the PuMic Healrh Section of tb* British ITa-shouldearnestlyappealtothesympathiesandliberal-tionalAssociationofSocialScience,1859:"Theao«t ity of the Christians o f all denominations of New--- tempting Brrangemett is at'enoe to • onvey all in*© the-must surpass rhut of another, where the gloomy blrist ever been reclaimed by tbe Turkish police. The runa- Correspondence of Th« N. Y. Tribune.disheartens tbe energy of the eettle,r, and only muddy way slave girls often fall into the hands of panderers P H I L A D E L P H I A , Oct.take service, that race is trie-Irish. In every army i n harvesting the oats. {am Bhut up in the hon^e, where w>u erj of the surface «a'n be obtained. who, to the- shame of the Christian name, carry on The Claries E . Lex brings dates from Port-au- According to Liebig, a pound of guano will produce25,1860.whioh its cbildien have bproe arms—French Aos- I have been for four weeks, laid up by a.. Bprained and By [tbe beneficent-legislation of Michigan in latter their vile trade undisturbed, in the Frank quarters of Prince rip to Sept. 27. ; She has just arrived here. , a pound »nd a half of wh^at; and is it not probable' • Immediate abolition of Slavery in Tarkey is an im-Roman Catholic Pitzipioe, or through the splendid Bi- blelatelypresentedtotheSultaninthenameofthethat five carreaux of land (over sixteen acres) shall be orin'o the sea, or sink in cesspools and vaults, nearlydeclaring their intention t o become Haytian citizeuj. prodigality of the bounties of a kind Providence i sA provisional title will be given on their arrival,which, after the expiration*of a year and a day, willbeexchangedforfinalor"definitive"'titledeed,?.THE MOVEMENTOF EUROPE.OF THEThe second law provides for an immediate naturaliza- Objects and merits of the proposed reform SHfollows:tion, so that emigrants may at Once become endowed " A messnre wbich has for its object to preserve thewith all the rights o f native Hay tians. James lied- health and lives of^the people; to give tbe poor man thetol ectivcly, as ehareholders, obtain coods at wholesaleprices. selJ them at retail prices, and at tbe end of theyear divide the profits among themselves, in the man-t . e r d e s c r i b e d . T h e s t o r e i s a l s o a S a v i n g s B a n k , a n dreceivesdepositsfromitsmembersuptothearn-juntof ingSultan,AbdulMedji4,in1855,Inaccordancewith Mr.Wap;seus,fromactualstatisticsembracingabout ''Vic*oryoftheNile,August,1798."Itisexcitingthe tribution,andbesureofitsfaithfalandwiseapplica-" T l i e o p e n S l a v e - t r a d e w a s a b o l i s h e d b y t h e r e i g n -theneeofthemoney. Iboadvantages01thisAsso- thisprohibition,thepublicslavemarketswereclosed thirty-tightmillionsofbirthsandthirtymillionsof£100, paying interest at1 the rate of five p*r cent forerudition of tlie antiquarians of the north of HaytL,' tion to-the cause." AJawhasbeenpassedbytheLegislativeCaarabers Isupposeihatnooneknowingthesefactswilldembtparcelling out the immenee eaates o f the «x-Emoeror that the President c f tho National Committee is the Seuloqoe among military men who had served i n the proper person t o go t o for information upon tbiaHUMTtthataV,prejudiceexistsagainstIrishmenamong inConstantinople,andsoonafi-erinSmyrna,Alexan- ciation are thus plainly stated by one of its founders:achieve success. Tbey live^ as they desire to live, a t est in - avoiding it. We ctm always secure the beet- . tbe realm of the Ounnnlis may buy, hire, »ell o r rent aid each year, but the variations are considerably less peace with their f*!low-ri'iz*ns. enjoying themselves, workmen, bicaos9 with us they will ha <re the currentand helping to protect for others the fre^d'vn of thouglr rate of WBges and profits in addition. Our workibg slaves/inherit or receive them as a gift, or dispose of among tbe bitths than among the deaths. This is . oc-Hammond inform the couniry why he k*pt tbe money We find in the Progress of Port-au-Prince (No. 38, in his hands for more than two years without makiag Sept 15) the following article, which will doubtlses ic- payment to tbe Coufmittee, or giving infermati >n to tores* many cf your readers: the National Committee of its being in his possessionfand acion which this Republic guarantees t/o> "aail! therefore, will be move economical than tbat of our t;em ih the ssme way, _ casioned mainly by wars, famines, andepidemics,which competitors; and. a s every mtnafacturerkaows., the " The slaves htve, within the household in which act directly upon the rate of mortality, and only indi- Tbe Irish race m America can afford to despise yonr prthfs of the cotton trade depend on small economies." tbey are, a right t o care, clothing and education, ae ^rectly en the rate of birth. The causes of geographical' "THE ScKSCRir-TioN IN PAVOR OF JOHN Baowx Let us have the facts."gone, tibia prohibition has been carried out, bat it of course [dot b not extend to tbe traffic carried on i n the withiu^dcors. Now, aa J-eretofore, every free person iu3S8 births, showing an increase of 68 per cent, from which, however, emigration is to be deducted. From this geueial average the figures vary far each countryaimy' 20 years and upward; reserving, however, the works and a central portion of each habitation a s the eiJe of a model farm..subject.Tbe writer (Mr.-Amy) .says': "Will Mr. ParleyIt r-hcu/d be meiticned also, tbat one of the oibd> strict in all thtegs. Wj.at slaves earn belongs to the nxasier. mine.' Mr. Wappeeus attempts to show that they are torules of tb« Astociation is that no memoer shall be al- Slaves pay no faxes and are not bound to make the pil- be found only to a yery limited extent in the differences lowed tt> have goods on cr*di\ He may be a sbare-h«» der in tbe, concern, or be may be a depositor t o the grimage to Mecca So long as. they are slaves they of climate and race. The fact, however, is undisputedfall amount of £100, bnt he cannot have goods withoutcan neither inherit anything nor be guardians. With- that the numbef of deaths follows very closely, and out the consent of ihe master, t&ey can enter into no even month by month, the amoant of variation of tem-valid ohlifjari'.'n for debt. The master is justified i a I>eratuie. Mr. Wappseusdoes not consider conclusive thecorrectiog his slaves for disobedience; he need only figures which have been relied upon to prove a con-The master'B right does not extend to life and death. duration of life. in compensation t o the donors.' Still more: o f this veuiboi- last, and all but the $500piid to the Commr.tee $1,700 a certain amount was raised [une' ceriaine vol- at tbat Iirxe r?m^ns tbere now. I trust that this ex-town tbao that which their,store, and xnilla. and factory authorities fine or punish him. If possible, in such cases as follows:—for the store has been the parent of both these lat er ihe authorities emancipate the slave, if a Mohamme- —bave given and are giving them. They are learningeelf-reppect, self oommand, and self-knowledge. They dan, by purer, ase, out of taxes raised for genera) pur- bave learnt, most of them, t o regard the rights a n d poses. In tbe courts the testimony • of slaves i s notprofits on photographs, o r books, o r lectures—Hayti Birtbi in proportion Deaths in1pprroopocrtion has contributed, spontaneously, threetimes as much asPARLEY HAMMOND.Worctster, Ma*,i., October 6,1860.COPY OK LETTEK TO TlSADDEUS HYATT.WoKCBiTKK, Ma»» , Aug 4,1869. THAD»1£C8 HVATT, <•«[ —Dear Sir: I aua Tr«««nr©r of tttegood will of capitalists, employers, and wealthy neigh-bors; to comprehend something of economical laws, andtaken, i f unsupported, against free men.charged with crime, the master must pay thefinef.>r /peer,lazy,ignorantnegrceVofHayti? Weshall OuJS•->-'»'.-1.ltJ59,1paidtoIIJOCL'iiimuuo<thoCount;C#mnii-successful working of trade societies conducted accord- ing to the principles o f communion. I t must be ob- served, however, that the communism practiced by the Rochdale pioneers i s divested o f the impracticable crotchets which have defeated all firmer efforts in theverely as free men; for theft, but half as severely. The mutilati* n of a-slave is puuiBbed but half as se- verely as the mutilation of free men.u Among the Tarks, whose character as a nation iscfr<m the bark E. Lex, we extract a few i-e.tuo oiild' unews.Arrangements have been made for the eBtaMiahmentvSiist was done witb thttr coutributloiu; tb.erefor« I Jaar* Uktt* tho libcuty to make tbia iuquixy.. \'*ry reapcctfuily, P ARLEY HAMMOND.COl'Y OE NR. HYATT'S IJXTJCR TO PARLKl' HAMKOK». NMW-YOJUC, Auf 6,18SK.We all bave difficulties enough to settle, neaven pame direction. T h e rights of private property are marked by great dignity, love of justice, and. muchknows. We do not need, for our further distraction, a fully recognized, and the constitution of the Society is more philanthropy than they usually receive credit for,MARRIAGE IN HAYT1.of montbjv hteam communication between Jamaica *ndNew-York, under the auspicea of the British Packet MY rwiAR SIK: Your lettt^r conr«ya to tao tho rlrattutiaxntiwa Agency. I h-»v« roc«ivcd of th© colloqti' n of fund* for Kansas $ojYe>ror»ennilees adventurers, utterly without either money,goneety, or capacity. The object o f many of thess i swhich slaves fill in Turkey are of course in the house- hold Of jt.be Sultan. It is about thirty years rince t h ewho, indeed, knew better, and ought to have done bet-ter—did introduce a system of concubinage among thefor you, Madame, still more: for you *id your immor- tal husband in the gifts he showers upon this country.lBKjton City 'and leave to-night # ^ j r w I t-xpt-ctto rupoitto th« country after three or roar wsajtr tonr through tlio .Urvir>< section and thoa will bo the tioae Parsimply to put money into the pockets of directors orunhappy victiniB of their oppression, which is but toOwhite eunuchs o f this household, prepared for their prevalent t o this day among the Haytians; and it is For ourselves, still young, and objects of your par- your s}<tJli0 to bo paid <o some iudiyiduat who vrtU pocssttsuyseeIf a slave ia,tee *50(% v.-l.ieb, aa I uuder«tand, <»a» paid to tb« Suto ComtnM- t<-<% eud b \ thvut forwarded to the Nation>l Cooamitt«e, of wtnofc ycKLvlf, Mr. LixK'.olv, Mr. ttua»«ll, O ,*. U^ppia, auJ o t t a n M»now element of diocord—tbe worst and bitterest that especially derigned to foster and promote energy, self- cases of cruel treatment of slaves are very rare. O n ecani»ri*e,theoffensiveassumptiononthepartofonerebanee,andprudence.Thestorehelpsnoonewho thatwereuevfrpaidoverinfull,and•partofthemonlysoUUraceofsuperiorityoveranoberraceinthisRepublic.doesnothelphimself;andtheadvantagesitaffordsareneverhearsofplanraiionlabor,ofoverseers,ofhunt-TotheEditorofTheN.Y.Tribune. MadameGfeffrardhadvisitedtheCityofLeogane,a»18DS). .J<treatment as faithful servants among us, and are very FARMINGBYWOMEN. companies.•Andwhyshouldnotworkingmensub-muchatachedtothehouse.Slave-childrenareusual-mWe printed last Autumn an account of a woman and h e r d a u g h t e r s f a r m i n g i n N i a g a r a C o u n t y . T h e following letter of this mother to a friend gives someaccount of her operations tbia year:Tr.Kit*, Niagara Co.,N. T., Aug. 17,1860.scribe capital, form boards of directors and carry onwhich doubtless was an unintended error in reporting, children who love her, everything suggests happiness uii'.tee, and 'rom him «et tho-same of the jrorsou t o whom ho .office by -the. Christian monks of the C.optio monaste- also true that, in a moral point of view, this has had a ticular core, how can we better repay* for the inap- and fuithfully apply and poraonall/ aoocunt tot your lands. I wss trying an experiment in farming; and to-<!«v, I stitution of another kind. Its whole and sole obi sot » ries of the Red Sea, have been dispensed with. O f fearful efleot upon'the Haitian nation. Woman has preciable benefits of education which your huBbaad ino a T s a y V t S we have succeeded beyond our expect*.* $ • have added to our bealti and strength and we feel that we are doing something truly to> TMtm», en- ricb^nd 7mioble our»elves while we aretaUmgthes o d5Snxony Pruesui fcardin'u...., Au.tria Bavaria... i. Holla-d..... Kn gland Norway Penrark.... Sweden Hanover..-.. Belgium..... France,.Average.to the inhabitants. .....25.9826 50 27.82 28 18 29.22 30.00......30.06 .....3'.64 tt.M. . . . . 3 2 89 32 66.......34.35 .....371630 49to tha inhabitant*. 56 34the United StattB, and in proportion to the popalation U'Oie than thirty times more! What will Tlie New-,0 . 1 8C.14 0.12• 3 8 5 do 405 do 3,152 doT h e l a w s , o f b i r t h a n d d e a t h a r e v e r y w e l l s e t t l e d b y> /POPULATIONthis! . ,Mr. J. E. Wappseua has just published at. Leipaicty, Owosso. and Corunna. I The importance of this the first volume of an AUgcmeinc Bcv.blkcrung Statis- for the United States and Canadas, with power to pro- sities of existence; to insure him cheapfood, by apply-the object being to enable the working clashes to be- branch of industry to Michigan will become apparent tik (General Statistics of Population), which contains vide for the embarkm nt and settlement of 100,000 per- ing ihe duca-se and death producing refine to owr come independent of ths tyranny of capital. It began within a sbortppace of time. ; sons, if that number should apply for passage. towns to the soil; to render poor-laws unnecessary, by by forty working-men contributing three penes apiece. AJeo additional explorations of rich plaster beds have some considerations on the movement of population ia By a report of the Secretary of State, of Worship, HuWtituting prevention for cure; to put an end to theithe same heart. You tauotus with the " ignominious In the course o f a few weeks their three-pence* been lately m^de there. This valoable source of prop- the various countries of Europe that are especially in- and of Justice, it appears tlut there are 13,000 children very diseases which decimate the unhappy freight o^ surrender" of the Irieh soldiers in Lamoririere's army. erty has been known iong before io tbe Grand River teresting to us, in view of the progress of our present in attendance on the schoo's o f the RepabhV, most of the s^ave-ship, and constitute seven-eighths of aU the You found the phrase in The London Times, andy^ou amounted t o £28; with this sma'l sum the forty pio- Vall'-y; . but now anotber inexhaustible bed of.piaster census. He shows conclusively that the Malthusian wbich have.been established since the overthrow of miseries of war; to apply to intemperance an effeatuat have made it yonr own. neers opened a little shop for the sale o f groceries, has been discovered clcse.to tbe shore of Saginaw Bay,The Irish soldiers under LamoriMere. with other sol- butter, flour, and other prov'sions of tbe kind. A t which will be explored pretty soon.diers o f various other nationaltues, overma'-ched by first the shop was only openfcd on Saturday night, and Beeio'e this, another hidden mine of wealth is brought overpoweringnumber**,andsurroundedih.obedie^oe wasmanagedgratuitouslybythepromoter. Itwas tolightbythediscoveryofaquarryoffiuemarble,tbe to the orders of their effle rs in command, surrendered, up-hill work for some years to keep the concern afloat; extent of which is as remarkable as- its superior qual-doctrine, that the increase of population is by geometri-cal progression, is a mistake. In France,, for instance,Soolouque. ; remedy in the shape of decent and healthy habitatUa* There is no truth in the reports of a threatened rup- for tbe poor; and to strengthen the hands of the reli- ture between Hayti and the D mmi<*an Republic. The gious teacher, by removing the most serious impedetake car« that be do not injare an eye or other member. siderable iucreaee during the last 500 years in the mean. scription has obtained, without any-material advantage all o f which remained there until t^e 4th day of He*centsiceswithi»nghterattheuialeetjests. bettereducation,practical,intellectual,andmoral,Ifamastertreatshistlavfscruelly,theycanbriagaThetable,of'birthsanddeaths,inproportiontoeurprodvitc]fromthelecturesof.Mr.WendellPhil-planationwillbesatipfactorytothecountry,andto*'MADAME:Whenagoodmothercomestovisitthoclear.Wiir«tothepersontowhomitwaspaidbythoCos«- butinessbycombination,aswelbastheirbetters7Welybroughtupwith,thechildrenofthemaster,andgen-respectingmarriageinHayti:• •.-• Endfestivity;allherchildren,fromthegreatesttothepaiditardfmmthat1*»ton>l«nxaiUfat*. .__Amhave more than enough of wild speculations conducted w i t h o u t c a p i t a l , b y b o a r d s o f d i r e c t i o n c o m p o s e d o ferally receive the same education." T h e m o s t b r d l i a n t a n d m o o t i n f l u e n t i a l s t a t i o n 1 w h k e F r e n c h c o l o n i s t B o f t h e a b o v e - n a m e d i s l a n d —eaat, bless the happy moment whish thus completesMy advice in regard to tho baUtu e is. «hat yon rotaU It «•*• aomethUr^ la done to relievw tb'o aefi'ertog s o w xjciawua !»,&«»*- » » s T h t p e o p l e i u t h e s o u t h o f t b o S C e n i t o r y ar*» t S T e a r f o n o d w l t t aIt i<», indeed, a sad and painful faot that the formert h e i r f e l i c i t y . I t i s t h u s , M a d a m e , t h a t y o u r a r r i v a lamong us inspires with joyful feelings' all hearts. I t , fsJMi»o. 1 am just on the poiut *t starting for Kansas yi* w***-mutual advantage: and while each shareholder and been thus degraded, and fathers have had more chil- S'vingto us, than in raising our prayers each to the STEAMBOA T ASHORK.—During the fog on FrM«jr number of the Society is ontitled-to a voice in the elec- this eortlof slaves tbe number is now very small, and drfn than they could support, find sometimes more than ternal for your preservation, and that of the father morning, the steamboat Eed Jacket, on her trip firens tion of its directors and managers, there 13 a permanent is constantly decreasing; they serve t o guard the old they would own. That such a system should have of bis country, for your welfare and his, and for his JElizabetbpoit to this city, "went ashore on the roekn guaranty tbat the capital of the Company can never be seraglio] which has not l»een occupied by tho court o f glory, which i s reflected upon the maternal brow ofdiverted frOto its legitimate purpose. We hope to see beeD introduced by white Christians is a sad and hu- his august spouse." back of Fort Columbus, Governor's Island. 8h*M**oausmgittoyielditsabundanceoffj^un. Andthough theexamplesowotthilysetbythepioneersofRocfi- theSaltansincetherevoltoftheJanissaries,under miliatingthought;bhtitwouldneverthelessbeanin- TheQueenofSpainhas-sentPresidentGofTrarda perfectlyeasy;hasr*ceivednodamage;wiflto§••*••we have had^many trial* to intend witi, &*£&* dale followed by all the great towns in the kingdom; Mahmoud II. On the other hand, there are still sever- jnttiie to Hayti for it to be said that marriage is un- letter officially announcing the birth of a daughter of next high water. Her passengers weretakoo otthjwe bave never spent a h m ^ m ^ a J ^ ^ V f ^ S ' for we cannot doubt that all the eflorts of the kind, it al hundred black eunuchs i n the Imperial household. known there. During my residence, of nearly twenty the Duchess of Montpensier. steamboat Kill von Kull, and landed in tWs «tv. Th* Wehavelaboredundermanyd*advantages^mcon- energeticallyandcarefullyconductedandkeptwithin yearBinBayii,Ihave'metwithmanyhappyandhon- OneoftheHaytianpapersiapublishingextractseequence of our farm being in a very ^ l d ^ f ° ^ - proper limi'a, must prove commsrciiUy succsscfui, and All come) from Nubia and Abyssinia. The chief of the orab'e marrihgeei there, both among the Catholics and from explanations of certain Bible texts byWosley the fog this morning seriously delayed most 9f the fjsrrixdi4on-eve/ything being oat of repair and most of theredoaid to the advantage of the working olaesss.eunuchsJ tlie ^BOJUK Aga, or the Kizlur Agasy, is onethe Protefatants, and 1 atill have many Haytian friendss^k^a^s^f^^i^^leader of Methodujrn.: j^^ikiii^i^is^j^^^^.'.for several hours.landbeingnew,recjuiringag r e a t W o f©X»a labor IUntitled Document.•35.70 33.78 30 21 36.01 39.45 43.79 5S;64 40.71 48.94 43.13 42.36 42 56 38.50V^'orcentor Coontjf Coruniittee o f the Krleodn o f Kreodoai i a Or leans\ Crescent, and Other journals, now say o f the K»UBHH. I rfc«-ived from Sept-6,1B5S, to F«tb. 24, 1857, 91.1M.should. We are thus, in effect, throwing bread into the sea; Contributions for the above-named object may be for these substances, which we are thus seeking t#left at the office of THE TRIBUNE.wssh away or to sink, oontain the elementsof fortuity —theelenents of food, wbich have been abetraotoA fromthesoil,andwhich,astheeminentagrioultartA chemist, Prof. Johncoc, observes, are at onoe the mod necessary to its productiveness, and the most diffioulk to restore from any other source.therateofincreasehasbeensteadilydecreasingsince mifnuderetandingwasamicablysettled, ThaDomini- mentstothesuccessofhissacredmission.E.T.R.",tbe peace of 1815, it being as follows-:6.7percont.11841to1051cans are in trouble among themselves in oon?equeaceof a threatened Spanish emigration, which will inevit- .44percent. ablyleadtoaquaire!betweenthesetwopeoples,S ITHE "MYSTERIOUS $ TRANSACTIONS*SIR: On Saturday last you published a letter -ft W.F.M. Amy, allcding toanarticle publishedin The Boston Courier; also, t o a correspondence be- tween myself and Mr. Hyatt, President of the Na-m InEngland,thedecreaseintherateofincrease"has SpaniardsandDominicans,andasubsequentunionof TotheEditor ofTheN.Y. Tribune.the whole ieland under the domination o f ths colored race.M. B. BIRD.HAYTI.Hyatt, which is called for by Mr. Amy. Mr. Hyatt TheGovernmentisprospectingtheminesoftheRe- beingthePresidentoftheNationalCommittee,Isup- public in conjunction with Mr. Spencer, the representa- posed he was the proper person to address up^a that 61 Years. tive of certain colored capitalists of the Unitea States, subject. I n the printed rules, ae laid down ia then-IN THE UNITED STATES—HAYTI VINDICATED—We-Mr. Parley Hammond is very glad of an opportunityseei "lift-st stainlog principle of animal respiration, while at * ' i.v- ..--'••,.•;.,,,.'• i mm^^ a• &mttThomas M. Tryniski 309 South 4th Street Fulton New York 13069C4,4>'W. W' V>J'^'%' ' ssstoMMwww.fultonhistory.comy*.'}/,: •- • :>• . • •.,. ••',.•: ::i&*&m 