 Li POWHDA. on poimcAi oiiiRichmoad that these penwoa were ^ «• ^ ' ^ L t Mia |Mtoa aasai over the ayes of Uis Mayor. A daawca was tameaUtcly fcrwardiJ toWcbmoaJ and a " r d te-White House; but 'abatever was the nature of his com- • W H O A K E X H K Y F O R ? munication with '^he"President, nothing came of it.Wood was that he could not trust him, instead of the tated by a full conviction that tbey are acting la con-one given; fotmRy with the papular sentrment of their respectiveAfter some further dlscatnon, a motion was made districts. Indeed, they are but fottowtog «P the policyto table the resolutions, which was carried—yeas tottcgtuated by the delegates Dom these dislrlcte who99, nqys 37. Amidst the confusion the committee ad. refused to secede from the Douglas Omventton iaNM* journcd, Wood and friend* jubilant over the result, andA DOCSURWoMin.-av&t a Douglaa ratificatton meeting In Farto, Illinois, Urn following tetter, from tha wife of Bon. O. B. FIckHa, was read:—fcC, *Ci •*• .tog betwe/jj the king of tbe Albany Regency axw Ifer- nando ^ood, who bad, tor a long time, oooapiM a belligerent attitude toward each other. The meet-stood, therefore unwilling to give it up, but declared their intention to have another tassel over them at tha next meeting.will of their constituents, made known through the m e- dium of formal meetings hstd In several, if not all, the countiea of their districts. These dtotricte m a y , there-MOVEMENTS^ WA«mJ«»Taa uywiMiiilriiiHWAWCTO*,July 11,IMOA Cauriestonand Betiuaore-lV * gay nana* ITeoaWfac A**" Ifon** »*•<u CTortomi Jfayy rood Pto*>he black republican paWj W the North; and if tbey donot :>«nd back Abe Lineoiii to Illinois to split rai's, or dowhatever ease be ©leases, I am no prophet. (Great laugh-ter and applause.) Talk about Abe Lincoln for PresidentoftheUnitedStates! TcJmethatWashingtonfoughtforhiscountry,andtherevolutionaryheroes bledfortheircountry, and MatowJi and Mad toon formed the constituvtion,and all thto bas been done that Abe Ltonoto shouldattempt to administer such a government! (Croat laugh-unienists. On the contrary, I learn they exult in the hope ter ) The man who can believe that has not got faith tort to save the country from the .humiliation aad d a •that out of this chaos something will come to necessitate enoua* to save an angel, much toss a fallen sinner. I ten grace of electing to the office of President cue so anworthyO PN B W YORKPOLITICIANS.IK waa an important one, and why sL juld it<net be where On the next Saturday mo-ning, July T. the tone or the>he party, yea, the spoils, were at SUke. With but one leader in the Mews was deoidedly Douglas. The formerore, be regarded as fully committed to Douglas—irrcvj- cably so, as many firmly believe.at i«i« «me there was every appearanee of bis obtainteg a atHI :n tbe Convention; ana hw delegation coin•trncetf crtipltng with their demand for a voUw iu the member was present but two, viz: Mayor Wood audWe publish below the speeches of the Hon. Jeff. Davis, of Mississippi, and the Hou. Howell Cobb, of Georgia, de- livered on the occasion of tbe Breckinridge and Laue rati lit alien demonstration in Washington City on last Monday evening, which, from a desire to give them ia full wereside,and then we would be iu a circumstance.The Bedford (Va.) Democrat has declared for Breckin-ridge end lane. It says:—Whatever others may do, we unfurl their banner to theterscontinue to produce s-inb dtoadvantageo'jare;. us. thore will not, to a few years, be found left snaTtoient B ih#iasm to collect at Tammany Hall enough of tbe fouh fol to preserve tbe forms of an organization, and any ..: tempt a t a hurrah will be bat a still small voice comparerOoaveatioe, tbe r*i|uttt that his Hmor ehould be the Srhermi'thnrn. It seems, however, tbat bis Heuor wast necessarily crowded out of oar report of the proceedingsbTeeke, with the firm conviction that the best interests o fthe Country and the salvation o f the South a r e involvedin their election. The issue has been made, aud it must with tbe shouts that once made the walls of the iaa v. now be met. The South bas demanded nothing but her warn shake. It to bard to witness the dying out t* plain constitutional rights. These have been flatly andl-i'i nfi< ittly deu.od to her by the North, and the result ofthis contest will determine whether her people shall herealter remain as equals in the Union or assert their inde-pendence out of it.ucmiate for the »•>•* i*rvvHleacy. Hero lay the secret af ail) thair termer mcv«-mentV, tuiniabing an eip^na tioa for tneir silence i p m the I'rcsideuital question. This tact nia>esi proved to be one sup too much, and on that' BJS cgatices for » scat in tfaeCenreutfou ware lost, only acveii or «w'bt SUUn vottng for hia admission.hi ,fce wrangle tbat look piae* over the platform everyStunt; pointed So a rupture long before it took pi*c••, andtha miTiwwn that UaaJiv transpireJ, u aot done undernot idle, but called a special meeting of the Mozart Hall General Committee for Friday night, June 29. On Thurs lay evening, Jane 2%, or tbe next day after the interview with Mesars. Russel, Green and Tucker, seme thirty five in i*oos met Mr. Wood a t the Kverett House, and held a private caucus. Aruoug the number were five or stx Al dtruicu, including Aldermen Brady and Genet, the Cor- poration Attorney, and a number of other city officials.Mr. Wuod here repeated what be had stated to Messrs.yes let day:—SPEECH OF THE HON. JEFFERSON DAVIS.great nations that once held sway over the mmds and liberties of men;and it to equally painful to witnese u-1 merely the gradual decay, but the tost gasps ef an last! tution—for Tammany to an institution—tbat once Leid supreme centre! over its hundreds of thousand- of vo- ters. Decay In both cases baa arisanffrom the aame causes—tbe folly of rulers. As Bomb* was to Naples a tyrant as foolish as ha was cruel, even so have been the Bcmbas of Tammany Hail to the people ever whom tbey usurped rule. Their destiny to alike c r tain; and the utmost that tbey have a right to ask is toe charity of our prayers, that the end, which to fiat c o m ^.» lulu -asrtef ha wcttld, a# a majler of ceMne, t w _and lane patty uemenwb- -**&,%J*** «euponthepriaol-have mide no formal repwdtottou j l{f » £ • £ - « .1' % £ $ * & • £ S o w S f t S _.. _u~fe«. ~ta~.*t«t andthev »* *T •J* **''''!?*^.. £Si. IWi ftiCarolina.;,!|sh,er Ohio; Lane, o f , Bigter. of Pennsylvania; Hammond, of g?,** Cnrolma;theIvUelittmoftheC&tritfttM s^r'edmtbe Hnuu,denrlngaajp'•'"gfi^JrJgi wbau ver or knowledge ^ W f v J * * * " ^ ' l ' ^ moment was doebly inn^taat. to the fhwl V£*>£°w'tZ*.( f o c ^ ^ b l 1 o a X ~ »balan«tojjal *«*«*£njT^wnxMr?^CUni^n*^»'-jUTM to KT«7V o c c l u s i o nentirely ctaonowlaitoentofrww** I am here to unite m y voice withat* Baltiaort Cow-rtfon-tog that wbec they were taming trkktoson t f e / * " 1 ^ a^klMbyauib«ityte»hto^mrfto^t^^ •*TROUBLESOFTHEVIR6IWAOEMOCftACY. ;! IiUAYUS «f TUB KI0CJAT1C JICM1LS. srf^^•S^^*W»fcl»^«w^*S»»N^»>'>l^i^l«''ii^^ '**of filling the vacancy ta the v*att*M States tiouee of Sap.wTrnTars least, ft* the «?]»««» « • * • • * , a frien 1to Bditor waa about leaving ***4B*G**** ^ ^ of private beTrhfcould puttoutcne tatornreto^ u ^ t h a t u w -them well to be good and true J ^ B H ^ e r e v « trtod* time when the leaders of the party to you* State were the eapreasion ef friendly compliments «il around, the w n ekreuxnapect to their deportment than the spoil Daily A'ewy, in the meantime, on the fence, having two beads editorially, ready ta swear hard or artft, as fk* casehnaUi* w w letting themselves op u tenders. Their might be. The ofTer of $^0,000 by Richaioud to behalf of Iwere governed toy prinolplea instead ef spoils; tha softs for that sheet is said to have since been ot&etitei e leaders because their wisdom and--talent fitted by an offer of $80,009 by the hards. It is said that Ben Wood, who holds in name the Wooden interest in thatfi itnds of *lr. Seward thick that he repudiated the sup- posed "firm" by the scorn ef silence, but R is now 4a my power—without giving the exact words of the original—plan of the committee enlists the support of many demo-tha direct connsel of " Mayor Wood, at least bad Russel aud Tucker in regard to his interview with Bucha-you speak of a nc mi nation personally offensive a n d inju- lious to you—1 can only repeat what I have already said about my con interference iu local matters; and try as you may,my friefld. you can never force ine, by aay taunt or misconception, to write your honored name on the same page with that of either Webb or Rtymond. We think alike about people of this cla>s, and the views put forward b y me in our last conversation a t Washing- ton aa to their characters and tbe injuries tbey have donemy physical inability to address you as my heart prompts, requires,mc to be exceedingly brief. Here for many years it has been m y fortune to spend a portion of m y time. Forfouryears I was connected with you contlnu ally; learned to know your moral attributes: learned to know your peculiar characteristics, I knew how-to labor for jour ratnral interests. I trust, therefore, I may-he al lowed to speak to you of the people of Washington. Soi_. entertain the foolish idea that becauss you have no vote, therefore you have no right to interfere in the national politics oi the day. But you have tbe deepest interest; that high intelligence which sends forth its promptings to every lortion of the country. Why then sboutd notThe Salem (Va.) Register professes to have bad a par- tiality for Douglas, which has changed, however, into a 'leelipg of indignation ami a determination to support the seceddrs' nomination, which it announces as follows, alter.deploring the dissolution of the democratic party:—hat aympalhiea and best w>hta, as was publiclyaaeanraiiratad at the tu>t meeting of toe aeceuers.nan, adding that from the White House he catted upon Mr. Brt«kinridge, and consulted with him in regard to the comse that Moiar t Hall a ould pursue in tbe campaign, andShr> ajet at&t. Aadrea-'s HaU, and organized by placingmesstges to the ' LitttoJfaai^ -*** ^^^age, ia.J to tiou but be should not he Intimidated by say such re-AcjfahemaJDtrntcmcyofNewYorktothe&cetMon—Bit Aoxiety for Ik* V*x Pnddemy—The Daily Nam Albany Regency, making a clean sweep of them all, in Trummed » SaU Both TTayt—Mayor We** *«*» * • toneiiUrailon of this great transfer of c" ttfola which wasa resort to their principles by the South iu general. If youjaay friends, have faitbl Faith to everything, and the regards c pttrtots aa Mr. Ltocoui. Throe cheers tor my information be correct, this feeling is already very laitb will carry us triumphantly through this contest; aud Governor Johnson and throe for Old Georgia. From onecontain sundry propositions sa<T«»Ci*jnna}af » MJtar. not tobeknowntoallrurjouapeofavf ^^ u,i9m^tt„m propr>. sitiona, opoa which, at leas> tne person thought, rusted the wehhre of this republic.the result to known, Douglas declined to five say pledges,and on Saturday, Jut*„&,thetwoconventions made their nommattonaat 'dafcrmore. and, Una saving the Union—adjourned. Tr-jf»Toeauay foilowmg use Mayor of New York visited Wa^^ton Wiih objects variously reported. His flrsV move, however, was to visit tbe« a ^ He^ante there to malnlain prtocfotes, and!!btaldto»,no^it^^ " " ' ^ S r ef the proceedings there was great confusion', the speaker eouldnotbeheard.emeptby thoaenear Mm. Mr. Mas• eel, however, reftrred to the statement that the Manoa bad madetohim iu regard to his interviewwithMr. Buchanan, asserting that Mr. Buchanan's reply to Mr.Monday in August, which Is the day fo-. tb< State imads without any compunctions of cunscieuce, or any JJiidjinum sfiryrT fPoMl mmiDean Miek^tond w» Acre ouhta in regard to the title, or the right to hand it em ail CmJtib rTrwrt of the Caucus—JK* Report to Mmten. ver to Douglas. The Mayor was to receive the influence f the Regency to secure bis Domination for Governor;ot Georgia's daughters- UZZIK FICKUN THR UWOR PARTT IX Crarwaa —The Constitutional UntocState Convention of Georgia met at Senna en tha 28th alt. It adopted resolutions In favor of protecting slavery to the Territories, but did aot ask that Messrs. Beil and Everett should endorse them.FORBaatsnEvaaarr.—'fhe Hunterdon(N.J.)Oanmr, a Fillmore Know Nothing paper, heretofore belonging to tbe peoples' vvty, has come out far Bell and Everett.Tun DxnorW iic 1'KXSP or Nxw JRRSBT OR a COKPROXISZ. —Tlie Warren Journal,.Mocmouth Democrat and Mountknow* of. Believe me that, so tor as regards It has ever been, and is now, our fixed and determined Holly Herald, warmly urge the plan of a single electoral purpose to support the man for President who fairly and ticket recommended by the Slate Central Committee. TheJtirrf*,"" •* Tucker—JntertMing DeSoHs—Douolai l^mUmtl»M0kt^NmT(ifkI>amoamvMvmomum*-~failing in that, he should be planed at the bead o f (he elec- toral ticket/as one af the electors for the State at large, side by side with Dean Richmond; and 'vit, though per- haps not least, the recognition by the Regeasy of the friendsofWood,theytobereceived inlullcommnaioo, as though t > y had always been faithful adherents to the articles cf covenant ot that organisation.BEWAHD'B REPLY TO GREELEY,The iTVeeJey and Award <kmreijiandenc»—Seward't B^lyto the PkiloMpkeT—lmmerua Sematum i» t*e Letter Mar- ket'Stack Eye* Given to WeVb omd Raymond—The *w<t- toreHidJtfitorSetonaJmttooting,rfo.Every oce of course knew that Horace Greeley's famousStates, while ostensibly directed to promote the electionof Breckinridge and'Lsne, will be in fact applied to en-gender stilt stronger hostilities between both sections ofthe I'nioti. Such is the opinion of a gentleman Who hiwellposteduponthepublicsentimentoftbeSooth.Thereto very little doubt but that influences will be deve-loped within the uexi six mouths which will test severelyMte coneervatisau and Union loving Bptrit of the South.The evils foreshadowed in this connection will do moreto produce harmony among the democracy ef theI will be here to unite w.ta you.(Applause.),><ial* * * * * ^ Meoart HaU-Mom Httko Weed.tppeatotoito»«ri to »*"<0*Bim-lhtM r *Jtt3l«,4e.,4e.MISCELLANEOUSPOLITICALINTELLIGENCE. Tcdr»OFT«i8octi«aji rams—Tbe Nichotosville (Ken- tucky) 23wwcrr published In Mr. Breckinridge's dis- trict, hoists the l^g of Dougtos and Johnson. The editorQt«P-tbe letter was shown to me to day; and, with the aid of athem for that honorable position; consequently there establishment, is decidedly hard, preferring the $30,000 keen memory, yon may rely on Jibe following as Islug tiou ol the democracy arc Influenced solely by a convic-take a position which will array one section of the Union .Democrat and MorriatewuBo^asr), tw o yeara ago were against another. Mr. Breckinridge did not receive the found fighting side by side with the State wfeaette, Newark vote of Kentucky in convention, and he will not receive Mercury, end all tbe black republican press of the State it in November next, ir he accepts the nomination fromwere uo netret chapters to record tike those that bare re- •snUybeen enacted at Charleston and Baltimore. Their ptaoe* having been tilled b y a set of tra«1 tag office seekers,to the $20,000.Prior to his He:.or's leaving for this city to make terms with the powers here, he requested perfocl sileuco ou the partof*hifcorgan, and,like Joshua of old,thathissunalmost a verbatim reproduction. tion that in preserving the harmony of tbe democraticparty she is doing the best service for perpetuating the The letter is dated Auburn, sonewhere about tbe 14th Uufon. No wonder t -at this is so, for no other StateNovember, and begins by apologising for the delay in would sillier so much from the evils which disunim would answering Greeley's letter, dated the llih of the same entail. It is this conviction that renders any tnoremsntin opposition to regular democratic nominee*, a n d t h enpoilamen and rowdies, we arc not surprised at the bal- (son)s should stand still, viz: that John A. Ureeo. Chair- tt demoBstratieus that transpired at their coa- man of the State Central Committee, and Gideon J. aad have since followed m their wake. It i s , fuckr-r, should remain silent. This order, however, w i s not obeyed; h a sons, it seems, belttig to .an family of r, only by a knowlejge of the secret operations Young America, and refused to obey, but imwodiatelymonth. Mr. Seward explains that by some carelessness on the part of his household the letter was not forwarded to him, and that he only received it on his return home,with such a tendency s> very unpopular m the State, and that actuates, to a great extent, the efforts which are now being made to barmonue tbe democracy. ,sures hie own overwhelming defeat. At a tune like t h e present, when the greatest harmony is needed to insure sucorss,ittosuicidaltoattemptavictorywithadividel front. Our banner Is now unfurled to the broeze, with the honored names or Stephen A . Douglas, of Illinois, for President, and Herochel V. Johnson, for Vice Prisident, Inscribed upon its natiot al folds. Under this banner wcsmell of abolitionism still adheres to their garments, eon- with democrats.Tbe Monmouth Democrat is equally forcible in its advo- cacy of tbe comprom.je electoral ticket:—To thteplan w« cannot perceive that reasonable objec- tion can be made; and tbe persons who do or may object place them Ives in a folse position, aa democrats, of pre-ef the uinvreut cliques, their objects and alms, that the isstied acallfor the meutiug of the State Ceutral Compvblte can fairy understand who control their parties,as inittee, to be held at Syracuse on July 3, iu direct opposi- the evening before his answer. He then says:—think, too, that whether wuh i.s to name or not we shall men, ! should not wonder if the "Tenth Legion" would ho pursued a non-committal course, astor as tu«ir presence Wc Urthnot make any terms with the soccders, says Mr. always have the benefit of your sei vices, tor this firm made to £u:cumb. If she does, it will bu after a hardone has not taken position. There are still ten democra- DacLAKxn FORDOUUIAS.—The Evansvillc (tod.) Inquirer tic papers in thto State that have issued no paper that has states that H . T. A. Hendricks, democratic candidate been received at this office since the action of the Oonvea- for Governor, and the rest of tho gentlemen on the ticket tion, bat we think all these, with perhaps a single excep-tion,jwill support the Breckinridge ticket. which bo beads, have declared for Mr. Douglas.The Carroll County (Hd.) Democrat Is thoroughly per- Painty RIOBT aim PARVLY W; <S'..—The Nxw YORKBnu.LD undertakes to classify the public prims in tho plexed »s to which taction of the democracy it should several States which support, respectively, Douglas and cling to. It define*; its position thns:— Rrecainridge, u. which ctossifi -ation it sets down four intar canlidattts was concerned. Even at the supper at the Weed, but Douglas Las promised to recoguisc us, aud I was incorporated uudei divine charter, if at all, for high struggle and with bittef protests against her being over- Aster lfoase before tbay left, not a word escaped the lips have con dialed satislactoryariangemcnte with Mr. Rich and holy purposes, it has so far successfully futfilBd a slaughed by ami demo/ratic districts. The Old Dominionmono to-oay, to which 1have promised that Mozart Hall af Majar Wood in regard to hit choice for tne Frwri'toutiBl shali go for Douglas.nominal .ou. From the conversatirm that did transpire, a Mr.R'WHel then said that he thought If they pursitodperson act in the secret would have considered the Mo- aart defoti racy fur anybudy and everybody^ and uo »u • ke particular, aeUher would they hav'e e j e c t e d tliat aa tnt-m was belli*; made to get one of the Pft*J that wasttt*!k;-<V tbe wiuw at th*t Ubl* upon tue tuict to be aomrnajteu at Chnrleswn for the Vice Preslduocy, and tiiathigh and lofty mission; and whilo tbe nature or Hiraw; is certainly verging upon a great crisis in party politics; Greeley continues what 1 h a \ o known u , be cannot—let and if the democra •y/conie put of it unscathed it will be htm nyever so hard-dissever tbe bonis of prinaiple by rkuTil cngitpfrijg- The unit ruie, which she has sopertinaciously adhered to in the past, aud her proverbial atUchm^w^totortg estaSlitihod party usages, wilt furnishp-is tiitu of the several candidates, Messrs. Russel and ikeaccDmpiisbinrntof that object was rctlly the gimo Green then left the room.elccth a to ibe Senate, though assured that my interests disappoiulntciit proceeds from an idea that the presenta-are sate in his hands. You know, that in the machinery tion of Gov. Wise's views in advance of a State Conven- The F.ockingham Reyitier, Valley Democrat and Staun- The abeveto frcm the Detroit AVerPrctt. Ia publish- of party, it ia nm seary that some one head should as ta tion, would exercise a sanitary influence upon the adhe- ton 1inductor, have eecti hoisted the nam* of JuJge ing the iist of such democratic journals on' bad declaredthat as>: bV'inx played; but Uiaf such was lu- case the Messrs. Creen ami Tucker soon after met, and proceed- ed together to theiluyor'soilioe Mr Woo J repeated to Mr.rents of Douglas, among whom am sotn^ of his warmeM 'Duujjsa for the Pietidency. These ar;s th e three foadiug their prefercuccF. w e stated that we gave th e r.aute* f iriencs. The knowledge, however, tbat the Governor is denidcriitic papers :u the Tenth legion, and any be takenthat ceurso It would show that they were simply afteriho spoils and net figUttg lor principles. "If the bargaiat *i you have made with Dean Richmond compro-mises principles, then 1 cannot be consideredon a party to the bargain, and most re-spectfully decline having anything to do with it. local management, nor am 1 at this moment awaiw ofMr. Vmturn, of South Carolina, m the fliatr. ''"be arrival added tbat Mr. Breckhiri Ige informed him that he could to us are those to which 1still adhere..tiic entire democratic party, both from the South aswell ae-from tbe North, had been fully represented andMr. Douglas had been fairly nominated, w e might haveiicMtateu beloie taking < ur position; but such unfairness to thtm may be one ef poax. We would give them t u and! unbendii j:determination lo force upon the country a benefit of clergy in their tost moments, but wa have tx candidate so unsatisfactory t o a t toast a majority o f t h edemocraticStates,compelsustorabethoflagofBreckin-ridge and Lane.of Wosd's detefstloa at the meeting W*Hgreeted withapylauf ami other popular demonstrations, sad ho, withhto osaal mufcobw smile, pen In hand, pledged the acslintea at the nattoaal democmry of the State of Sew fork stating, in reply to his statement of the business that took la the aeoesaton. They bad lurdly been seated beforeAs to tbe firm of Seward, Weed & Greeley, I think,ou a fair review of tbe whole matter, that you willcome to the conclusion that you have not beenwithout an Immortal reward for your services in the you uEtcmble* Why should you not speak to yoar follow- business of.tbat firm. Tou have gained name aid fame,power and position—your Bentlments ending au echo in amuttonhearts,andyourhistoryasareformerbeingaureto go down to an admiring posterity.hesurwa-re import un* .1 a t otica upon that all-impoitast mood, and made satisfactory arrangements with him, bat, nuaatKin. The aecoad day's prooeedin^a aeemod to have «s In the Interview with Gideon J Tucker, did not givesuch is the immutable law of compensation, and nature assigns different rewards to different degrees and vartotit s of service. You have chosen the better and more philoso-ridge and Lana, a s they were nominated b y the Regular tions to save the country from the hands of the snot** *tha «e*ut ot ouavioettf Mr. Wood that be stood no chauclor m o Vice Presidency on that tiuket;aad aeeiag thatthe w.}> Yancey was not easily controlled, bo ten thethnteotion m disgust, with the feeling of aot bwing appredated. *~ Breckinridge, but deciding in favor of Douglas, thusand then started in pursuit o f knowledge under a m . toff jte be such by the action of any other democratic Con- lies to find men enough of their cwn way ot thinking u- vention are s o t to be recognized. make up an electoral ticket. Such enthusiasm as tb<> were enabled by dint of strong exertions to woru MISSOVRI.—Circulars have been i83ned in Missouri, call- up among themselves waa kept alive wh-e they remained together by constant fanning <•• the embers; but it expired with the return to the> !-».«•Mavktg thia placed fomaaif oeiiside of allthe orgus.ai-tmna. b e n roamed there, like Mieawbar,'-waiting foreusnt tiling to turn up," oatlt b»" patiencf waa worn out,wheeling Mozart into the ranks of the-Little Giant." But it appears that the end of the contest was not that night. Tbe regular meeting of the Mozart Hall General CanwbMea convened en the evening of the 6ihoi July.The tale of Athos, Porthos and Aramis tin is its chief parallel in our labors.And again, ia not the Tribune now—whatever may have been your sutferings In the past—an abundant compensa-lived, and live* to-day, with all i t s vital energies t o fulnl the duties of this government, and meet the requirements of 18fc0. (Applause.) The speaker then proceeded briefly to contrast all the other parties to the country with theing a Breckinridge State Convention on the 17ih of No- vember. Tbe St. Louis Republican, a Douglas organ, se- verely denounces the movement.of the exhausted patrtote. But thto spectacle was ae.tr i so sad nor no impressive as tha late exhibition on toeWhen be (hoe k tbe uust from his foot and sailed for Nowvocale the aeeeaVra, bat * not, tbea the new rfgrtoK ahaald control IU editorial columns.Mr. Russel appsalel to Mr. Wood, asking him whyhe did not prompt tha chair. This only increased in- stead of allaying theexcitement and confusion,paragraph to your letter,andnot the recollection of pe- cuniary troubles tang since past, and which you bore whiletheyactuallyoppressedyouwithoutamurmur.thefutility or Abe Lincoln's efforts to rend tbe Union Though he did rend the yoke, he will find the constitution audtbeUnionworsethananyblackguntotheforestelectors comprising this ticket pledge themselves to cast thevoteofVirgintoforDouglasorBreckinridge,accord-shape of lager bier, and thto on the gtoitoct keur-o when it was tha pride of old Tnmraaay to took obewf.' andehewherselfhospitable.not take sides with Mozart Hall, they having been rejected at Charleston- Alter leaving Mr. Breckinridge he called upon Senator Douglas, who seemed pleased to meet h im ,Urn to Washington, that be would be pleased to reccire Miffrages 'rem every direction, and if tbe national demo- cracyofNewYorkusedtheirinfluenceforhim(Douglas) he would see tbat the dimqplty hetweea the tw > factions w JS healed, and the democracy of the State of New YorkciUzecs ef every portion of the cc. atrjr Whoetsesodeeply interested in the aflairs t f the federal government?Whoelsesodependentuponlustadministrationoffederalaffairs! Who else so deeply interested in having the gov-ernment administered with full and equal justice to all,and that il should be preserved in those vitel energieswhich give protection wherever legislation exists! Batwe have heard it said that the democratic party is dead.Dead! Here I lay m y hand upon its heart, and in its I crow ratic a aveniion, and as all other candidates claim- They anatb' mai /e-i the Regency and canonised Yaav -quick pulsations feel that vitality that sends It to TICto ry. *>u, il is not dead. Born of the oppression Or the mother country, when democracy arose to assert equal rights; baptised in the blood or the Revolution. rocked intome af the *ttv*i* of that delegation commenced uni>ar-•uiiingonasaterspresentlah.lpthemtote»:uretheaorai-•iMitaii for the Vice Presidency for Mayor Wo-ai. This wavremmecced kog before anything was said iu regard totbe coarse that they isbnuM tak", or any deismton taken mude a unit. He then proceeded to inform the party ga- future generations tor a reward which it may appear to wbNUr akey altoald aoaa.nato or not. A number of iier- thered there that be had since his return seen Dean Rieu- you 1have obtained while still on this side of Jordan; butheart to join to prayers for their ressurreclion.the terms of agreement.Gn the next Friday evening came the special meeting of phic post in our firm as thinker, guide and feeder to theMpzait Hail—a hied. I am informed, was not full—at which they passed a series of resolutions complimentinglamp ot principle; wbi e Weed has labored in his own d epertinent a t t h e machinery, and while 1 have borne mybrunt of the contest in the bear garden of Washington the cradle of civil and religious liberty since 1800, it hasor advocating m en whose principles tbey repudiate Thisattitudefurnishesastrong argument tothe oopoai uon press and orators, who will h o doubt employ It toguto and country that ^ ^ ^ ^ ' ^ J ^ r f M r 1 some advantage to behalf of their standard bearers. It toSPEECH 09 W » UO*. TOwWA « 0 f * make adealing tha etoctton rf *»--i whose principJea **•actttms. Mr. Rusael then altoaed to the « » " * « • Ml WooaVUmt''disorder was not then in order, bat It rnghtk telling point, and one which will probably operate to bring back to the old fold many wbigs whom Know Nothingism drove off in 1855.There is BOdeny ing the toot tbat serious apprehansions of the overthrow of the democracy to Virginia are enter- tained by members of the party iteeh*. Thto result to to evitahle If the present divisions are not heated. I^e seal manifested by tbe papers to the interest of Douglas offersbut little nope of reconciliation, for it is evidently dic-Wednesday Darning found htm baut in too city of NewYork, that **y was made memorable by a frtoadlymeet- the other side declaring that tbe question was aot under- more. And this policy was pursued in obedience to theCBARUcoToa-, IU., June » , ltflfi. Mr. rkhlto has not returned freea Washtegtse, but maywitoeiw presenttbe businessofthehour wasreached, ihereinthequietroomarrangementeweremadeforthe ranefer of a body of men, yes,a warrantee deed givenad witnessed, handing over to Dean Richmond the foc-fon in the State known as the national democracy, Mosart Hall and all that follow In Its wake, as well as all other or- i animations and clubs that have heretofore opposed theeditor thereupon left theestablishment, leaving 1$ia thechargeoftbeDouglaseditor.With this I shall have to drop the curtain upon the mancceiivtes of your politicians, and remain silent until the details of the new scene to be enacted by them reaahee me. In the meantime it will be wall for the HSKAL» to keep one or tw o of its special Vidocq's on toe lootoiwt, for at the nwtt meeting of Mozart "disorder may possfoiy be in order."' Theforeshadowtogsfrom this slate ofthingsareomi- nousofdire consequencestothedemocratic party;for what hope is there for it if Virginia gives way? This sad prospect has no terror, it seems, for the fire-eaters or dis-Th* secret manojovrea of the Mew York politician*who figured at Charleston, and who ire DO* endeavoringv> control the destinies of toe harmouiew democracy ofyour State, are gradually becoming known to the public, language, "Not one damn cent more." No agreement of that political concern. But up to this time the secret aad ajfemtot a shape is which the indepandsnt press can was made with this, as one Ben Wood In d something i " has been kept with such ran fidelity that many haveAn attempt was also made to bring the AV«« into tbe bareain; Richmond said that be would go it blind and agree to give eau.ooo, and, in his mined and aristocratican interest ia that establishment, and it> was necessarywib#mforthebenestofthebodypojitic.liter*was forhimtobeconsulted.Herethecaucusadjourned,withbeenledtodoubtwhetheranyreplywasmade.ManytheseStates,tbepublicplunderhasnotthatjustlyobtainedtbenominationWhileweadmireandcohesive power now which was once atari»uted to it. love air. Breckinridge, we cannot forsake the modicum ofIn the presence of danger so imminent at that which is nationality that yet remains to the democracy to pro- crats of either Breckinridge or Douglas proclivities. Thenow foreshadowed, considerations of efltoe and emolu- mota bin interest to the detriment or that party whose Warren Journal says:—l860.--4n#LB' $J#ET.-i i • -J ""•stand now subject to the unfavorable inference 1ear3 W fee balcony » a » « - - # . » <"«•HERALD ^Sja*now the principlesWoodfortheVtcaPrstideacy. *itupon^ ^«n «J^ Andtor*himar- .of«•_. ---. wouldha todeasrt oftoedoctrinestneyhavehoretoforoadvocated,andthey presentatthemansion,andbeingtoodijMcalledfor,ap- Co!lamer,ofVermont,andDurkee,ofwtoooacm. roar*generally indulged to throughout the cotton States; an« WasmsoTtw, July 12, lso*. the efforts or the prominent stump speakers in thesewhen November shall come, and these pure hearted patri- ot* around me shall gather again here ia Washington to send up their voices of rejoicing that democracy is again triumphant, that tbe constitution is safe, aud the Union preserved, the Lord willing and the weather permitting,letter to Senator Seward must have provoked a raply, the dirsolution of too firm "Seward, Weed & Greatey" being an event not to be passed in ailenoe by tbe headHappy am 1 to greet this vast multitude, assembled in As to yet another jatrt of your letter—:hat in which the cause of our commou country. I deeply regret thatI know y ou may think it cool of me to thus refer you toTbe last gathering at Syracuse at tho friends of Bre k inridge waa a melancholy affair throughout, t h e m ou ti- ers not only crowding each other, but ctoatox their &. --T«rk. ander the strong aope that his asststaaoe would yet This was a secret meetit g—reporters and outsiders all ex- tion to you? It ia generally regarded as a most excolljot democratic. First, he said, came tbat spnriong and de- S*\ K.\TI*>: ii DISTRICT or OHIO.—Hon. Thomas C. Tbeakcr national festival day at the old Wigwam. Sai ehaagcehe called for before the- democratic maclitne was place t iu cluded; yet not every thing that was done within the walls and comtantly Improving property, if, when you were cayed offshoot of democracy, which, claiming that this has been nominated for re election to Congress by the re and reverse* have come over the spirit of old Tammanyminiitoraer.ItwinVewYorkthathidnextmoreonremainedthere.Thereportoftheaffairthatcomestoua—startingit,Ihadknownthatyouwantedcapital,itwouldfederalgovernmenthnanopower,leavestbepeopleour duringthepactyear,andnoonewhohadseeshertot'Maschoaabeardtakesplace,aot,asourcitisensmaj.ni- ariae, ia am capacity as Mayor, bat aa FeraanAo Wood. candlelit, fer the Vice Preafaaaxy.Dortfg the interval between tha assembling of tha two Cuaveagtuaa many important movements on tbe eiiesa hemd aiak place; amoagat them wai tha placing another editor to tha Daily *Yewa, in tbe person of W. A. asBver, taw New York correspondent ot Forney's Vr-u. Those adrcwdytdeewtiag their aatoata to the editorial aaeassai of that sheet were men opiwaed to Douglas and bis aqaatter *uv. mignly doctrine from principle, sad could notbo eaailv Induced to advocate the "Utile Slant." Hence air.otliaaeditor was selected, rhtt the organ might be pre-paredtameataayemergency ramsinundertheguidancemakingdueallowanceforexaggerationon bothsides—is st.mmod up aa follows:—havegiven mepleasuretohaveinvestedasamereJudi- cious speculation—tor what paper could fail tbat had your ability to guide it:nextgreatestevil, despotism, anddenies protection to our conaututional rignis. Next comes the party that proclaims the Union and tbe constitution, but that dares not tell what the constitution to—a mere catchword sounding, but meaning nothing. Then, my friends, there is the "rail splitter," aptly selected for thoi pur- pose, first proclaiming that there w a s a n ''irrenressl- ble conflict" between the sections, and bavins proved himself able to rend the yoke, who so at as he, with such a thet ry as that, to be asfcatsd for theaecutsedperfotmanceofrendingtheUnion? Then my friends, comes the true democracy, proclaiming the' c in- stitution and thu Union, and what tbat constitution is writingyouropinionsouyourbanner,throwingittothepublicansoftheSeventeenthdistrictofOhio, daysot herprosperouspridecould havetooke;uponth* Cassus M. CIAT i.i IMIUNA.—Appointments have been remnant—and such s remnant—as was gathered toavi&er at the tost aniversary, without exclaiming, peer, forlo c, decayed old Tammany. A nd to make th e scene m • t-There were about 126 persons present, the whole com-mittee numbering nj. Immediately after the or»aing oftbe meeting, Stepheu P . Russel, o f the Twenty-first ward,moved that the proceedings of the last special meeting benot recorded on the minutes, for tbe reason that the meet-ing-waa rtregnlur, not having been called in accordance righteous and moat proper. But on your return to yourpublicly announced for Oassius M. Clay on tbe Stump in Indiana, extending through the month of July.BtwcxiHUDoa n LNDUNA.—The Vevay (Ind,) Afoot baawith the by-laws, which require the signature of fifteen peraotsrequesting'acall,andthenoticeofthemeetingin two papers.There waa a nyrfect hubbub for a few minutes, during Which a number of persons undertook to speak. The questionwasaskedofthechairmanifthecallwasissuednative land I shall hope to and you once again the main prop, pillar and support of our political house.I have written this letter harriediy, and with more than m y usual warmth, because I am anxious to show you how*utterly groundless are the suspicions you acem laboringundertbatyourservicesinthepartnershiphaveit "but expresses the will of two-thirds of the democratic partylaoldSwitzerlandcounty."<« the ordinary occurrence of that day, it was t A w»*it to present tables well supplied with the good tharrt./ib» sease®,buttheserametabtes,insteadofbeingamy spread,werepBednjoneachotherinacornerofthetos* room as discarded furniture, like other discarded p J things which once made Tammany aad Hsasaociattos-- inviting. Thegreatspringseemed tobedriedup,as.JAnd finally, that the junior partner should make tempo rarywithdrawalfromthefirm,andgotoEuropefora stock of fre»h ideas and to revivify his frame, shattered ia the severe advocacy of a noble cause, I bold to be mostludicrously sad, there were not even the "funeral baa. ••' meals" which should have graced so sotesna a teativ.i' nor those more enlivening refreshments which were ord/of tbe e:4 ooraa ef editors tf events that ware to trans- in accordance to the by-laws. The chairman, insteal of been overl Joked or taken fur granted. It is this, if I read winds, and Inviting all who believe to come aud worshij pinrtfderedItbeatforthejajajaaksftheMayortoad-answering,lookodsteadilyatMayorWood;whereuponyourcharacteraright,whichgivesthestingtoeverystthealtaroftruth.(Applause.)ThisbannerproclaimspartisansofBreckinridgeandDouglasintbatState,ifthetherewasnosubstituteforItsstrongwaters,«v*iitotheIt isngththesecedingdemocracybegaatogatheratMashaaefid. amongst ttwas that wers figuring on thepo the chair seeming to forget that it was his duty to try Hoping to near from you soon, when health and your Our cause is onward. Our ear to the constitution our ing ito the predominanec of strength presented by thoseOfatruth theTammarrypartysternatohave»*-, stru<:k with that*-numbpalsy "which to aupera-e s-t»i bodleaKttbeprelude to dissolution. Itsepa.«n-*.l.,».,•MlaealntaantherewereseveaereightmeatoaaatheSute andmaintainorder,butlettheexcitedpoliticiansrageto usualcheerfulphilosophyshallhavebeenrestoredtoyou, «T » w York aa iipnaaasaMves ef the ^aWional Hall their heart's content. Amidst this confusion a motion I remain, as ever, truly yours. WM. H. SSWAflfkthe nnmerwa earda that appeared ia the New York iu This motion waa immediately recognized bvtheChur, does no discredit to the motives of iu writer or the highest assy which can prompt the devoted patriot Oar then the vote siali be putt for Douglas. If Brecktoridm ries that turn to mockeries in the attempt. Thtre h-* a, it was a dimcult natter la tell who they did repre put amidst the contusion, and declared earned. An ap- character of the recipient. On the contrary, oven country is in danger. Our constitution is assailed by shah Lave a larger number of electoral votes outside of been enough about to to furnish materials for iatert--»taa« that the smoke of the battle ha; ckmred peal wag taken and the yean and nays called. if this version fail to convey a like impression those who would escape from declaring their opinions—bv Virginia than Douglas, then tot this electoral vote be cast ing his-.ory. and into the book of btokvy :t v.IfBougja8basalargercumberofelectoralvotestotbesaaa to tUchmead* W hs to they rtprSMBi^ Owing to civi meeting be dis;<ensod with. exact language, of Senator Seward's reply. It certainly ware. (.Cheers.) We nave before ua iu thto canvass the United tiates. exclusive of Virginto, than Breckinridge, tempu at rimihtude of its former vigor are bet nuo. :aseoctaax*" Theuniversal cry was,Waoeaattbese wasmadethatthereadingofthaminutesof thelastspe- Such is tbegeneralpurport,andtortbemostparttheI M trauaai in aaccTtamlag the sourceofMr. Russell stated that they had no evidence thatthe to the reader, the letter Itself tease to greatly raise Mr. those who seek to torture its meaning, and by those who for bnckiurldge, and thto to be done independent of the soon pate aa on* of the things that have been. !>» •pedal meeting was regularly called; if not, the atoauies Seward to the estimation of all candid minds. It it not would ti«nple open He obligations. What is oar nunv rical strength of either Douglas or Breckinridge in promotege on the yxwrth were ad-anted evea by th••-<•actof an association of Mayor Wood's, at his awn Ante committee, therefore with bis wlsjveL,JMaayorWoodwasnodoubtatthattimelabor-but the time wrwJd arrive when it might be ia order"' HestatedtbathalikedCreekstrtogeandhatedtbesquat- tersovereig&ty aoctrtoe, butthoughtit,nevertheless,tial candidates as to the strange conflict between m-n anddeeceat from one who asserted the great nrinaintoa it IWa,aareaffirmedatBaltimore;,*&asforliae^Suf toomodesttoboastoftbedV«ieofhisyoungerdsvi N"expire on tha4th of March, USl, aud whose plan* are topeace and amity—there are MMeniy dutafoas of otHa-»••. butittoevenaltegea matama>>rity aretofavjroi laetkinridge. Humid,iuthese daysofstraage thkr*did net hsfcenejto thom.Mr C A. Mayhero askedthe Chair ifhe called thelike a politician's letter. There U a frankness and cor- Union? A bond of fraternity by the mutual aaroee Virginia.present to be a miarrabU' failure, with one aoHtary"rx.*n> Iloo—theepcechofJohnCochrane. theluttiero iniKhaps. and as an evidence cf tbe utter waatoriator-- *special meeting to accordance with the by-Uws? After tome hesititton be replied that he did. The yeas and nays on the appeal resnhed in sustaining the Chair—yamdtalttyaboutItveryhouorabletoallconcerned. rntut rf sovereign Stoles; ft to to he presetvedby good faith-by strietty adhering to ^the obiigi-1 am in bones to a few days to be able to send on for ttona which exist between its friendly and confede-AhKnnuBwFOR0u>ABB—Mrs.JaneG.Swtoshelm,who s inspector of logs and has charge or an abolition paper a Minnesota, has coma out flu footed for the rail splitter.»li in the decaying portions ot Tammany, it m ty t, stated that the ioaugutaiteu of the grand Sacheua waa n beputoftbedaywproceedings,andtherewerer»t raebema enough |>resent to g» through the prsacrtoe t 'ortrt of iastaliati'Hi. The abs^ice of Uieoncofomiliir u , •• •f tboae who, upoc a time, gavecharacter to oil Tiavnt i y , war noted ana comm-iiiMi on with expreasaws ota».l 11scbythefew oftheofciachoo!ai.o worepresotit >'«- the first time lu the history of tbe anniveraary lesuvuis adopted by theStateCen tral t«matHSae at Byraeuee aa tbe 3d of Jury, or, inCondtrfon • / « • Democracy in Virginia—Se(Va.) Vathy Star, Gov. Letcher's home organ, aaya :— loaaucflered. The Bambaa, whobeeweaa tired of • «in nietoncboly state, with ao fluids such aa were m >your inspection and the edification of the public au exact copy of the document itself. You will find all its main feaaureato correspond with this remembered version while the language of those import int passages—snsh a? about Webb and Raymond—has been reproduced with positive and almost verbatim fidelity. ^border slave States than any other luflueoce I says J—ments must give way to motives of a more exalted and recent rupture has oast such a gloom over our land and The democratic press of the Statu, with three excep to state its entire substance. A rough draft or cony cf patriotic character. I am persuaded tbat tbe efforts nation. We love the Onion. We will never knowing-y tions, advocate thto ours«. Two of these (tha BaanexA State Convention of the party offers the only hope to .expect to achieve a triuusphaut and glorious victory, to ferring tbe election or a black republican ahetittontot to tion to the request of the Mayor% who, ou his return from Your letter is a prickly totter-a very porcupU$$ or effect this, ami a call for it will accordingly he Usifod by tbe Utter cisraay and conius>ion of ail the fragments of a democratic, a conservative candidate for tt-j Freaktency wall m appreciate the motives under which the politi- Washington, tound the call occupying a prou -wat place a totter—bristling With sharp points all over, So the State Executive Committee which meets here on the teetional parties against which the pure and uuterrified Without sumo such plan Lincoln will as certainly becians art. The HtfiALD baa already given many of the In his own organ. Hence his dotermuiation to drive his tbat 1 scarce know how to handle it, and 10th inst. Many seriously question the probability of demitracy may have to cotead.elected aa tl sua*of November shall rise upon ua. WitL it, and by it atone, are the means of preventing it pro- vided.MISSOURI.—Colonel John Scott has announced himselfas tbe opposition candidate for Congress to the Fourth dis-ntrict of Misr uri. H is democratic competitor to JudgeElijah H. Nor..J.BLACR RKJTBLK A.I CAVWDATR K » 1864.—Same of tbeblack republican papers o u t West a r e talking about bringingoutMadaneBatesforthe1'residencyinMM.TESTS DISTRICT OF tonus/.—P. M. Hinkle has beet:seaeeraeuit* of the managers of th e Alwr-y Regency I wiUnew iuiniih another chapter devoted to the tricks and traps of the managing politicians.bargain at once with Ricbinoud.No sooner bad Richmond left than a message was sentto Measrs. Stephen P. Russel, John A. Green and Gideon J. Tucker, informing them that Mr. Wood desired to see them at h is ofiice at once. Messrs. Russel and Greon obeyed the summons, and proceeded to the Mayers pri-iiiiuiot handle it at all without pain. I have accomplishing the rUsired object, in view of the deter Mr Bradley T. Johnson, tbe senior editor of tbe Mary- a sort or sad hope that the exhaustion or yoar min.u attitude assumed by the "Tenth Legion" inLoble labors in the campaign which bas just closed may favor of Douglas. The 'Tenth Legion" district landiewtoa, of Frederick city, announced tort week tbat be in gr«at\part responsible for the sharpness of yoor combines more than half tbe democratic majo- bis connection with the Union was terminated, and thatEiacc his Honor Mayor Wood has transferred MozartHall to the Douglas democracy, a great deai has been said vateoffice. Ipon their arrival they were informed byrensurrs, wfoih I am slid not prepared to vioaonote wholly utiji.sk. *C ten one point 1must hasten to clear myself. At the time when youdescribo yourself as suffering actual want at Albany, 1 had no idea that you were or could be ao cir- cumstanced. If you had rheu let me know your conli- ii.m itfchiuld at once have been remedied. But is it quitejust to blame me to-day for an ensues solely the result Of your own over sensitive nature? Y ou were emit.be iter terms than yon bad, aud you should havi theon bad I known your necessities.rity of the State. The recording of its vote for Dou- gtos, with many other scattering votes which be would be certain to ret in the state ir a reconciliation jsnot ef-fected, world secure the electoral vote of Vinrinta to Bell and Evaeett.. It is intimated that tbe "Tenth IjegfoA" will insist upon aScaJe. vole in the Convention, so as to secure to henelf a rcpto^ehlatioa proportioned to her democra- ticstrength.Iftinspolicysucceeds,andasimilarrule ie applied to other uWricts in the State wherein Douglas is understood to have\some strength, it is not at all im- probable that tbe denxacratic vote of tbe State m ay bebe meant to aupport Breckinridge and Lane, but in the absence of the junior7editor he did not feel justified in ptoctog tbe paper in positive position. Mr. Oole bas stoce retufned, and rumor bath it that the Union will advocate Douglas and Johnson.The Nashville Union and American states as follows:— We have, received sixteen democratic papers publishedhis movements by a portion oftt>'!metropolitan l, bat no one has given a fall sketch of toe part that he passed in making the nominations, which, although h e did not occupy a seat in either coaveiiiion, jaaa no unim-his Hani r that tney had come in au opportune moment, stating also that he returned from Washington than.morn ing, where h e b a d boon for the purposo of seeing Presi- dent Buchanan in regard to their supporting BreukiD- rwg<\ " I offered," says the Mayor, '• to guarantee the aupport of the national democracy of the itate to Breck in- rioge and lane, and to Insure that ticket 40,000 vofs in the city of New York, provided that the President wouldportant part in the programme.en* come to the knowledge of your correspondent, andThese facta havo one bynominated r. the democruiic candidate for Congress to ItwdlbowCressthemupforthereaders.thaH&naUf.givehimtbePostOfficepatronageandoue-th.rdultbeAstoyourrighttowithdrawfromtheArmof(-£eeMrd,carriedforDouglas.Thtosystemofscalevoting,how-teenofthesehaverunuptheBreckinridgeandLauethaTenthdistrictofIndiana.Prior to Uis departare for Charleston., be and bus entire other government effie. s iu Now Ywk." j " To which Mr.wing ft the democratic i*rty, or at Jeaat the managers, Buchanan replied," conUawed the Mayor, " that bo would not make a sia-igbtcr bouse out of his New York offices.''Weed &Grceh-y," that of conise cannot be questioned, ever, is not customary hi Virginia; and, with the argu- however much your brother partners may regret it. 1 ment of democratic iijuge on tbe side of the Breckinridgein this Stele since the nominations were male, aud thir- ticket, two have indicated a preference for Douglas, andwhich unite him to cue action and ultimate design.A- to many of the charges in your loiter, so far as tiiey apply to me personally, they are absolutely new to me. My petition at Washingi'-u has compelled me to return even such slight miercst or part aa I at one lima took inAiier some further general conversation relative to too what steps are being taken by Mr. Weed to secure my re- ing appo.ni'-il to come til at Norfolk on the 21 inst. Thisci-uunand, and that place in our couibiuation has de aeqori W:it skew. i Tinker the ptory ot his visit to Washington, and his bar- vetted on Weed.us an index ot popular opinion in that important quarter all that had ceme under our obsei ration. Wc did notThe dutsiile irip to Cl.srlmc* was not marked a .th any- gain vith P.tchniund. but lid not in tha least allude to thing |tiul*r ui th-1 iKjlf-cal late; having the vosscl to the ie; ..is of i..o agi *(nent with tbe latter.•n favor of Breckinridge, will probably have some effoct leseibie; but that he acted on his best ju<gment r feel in winning ihem over.I a m I t h e r e w a s u O o p p o r t u n i t y f o r i » l « i e « t hl a S t f l e wc a o s ^ u y s M r . T u c k e r , 'aiwcs or bargaintux. Tae tirst atraUgew mum a. Mayor*"4lW l u t a r e t h e t e r m s « f t b e b a r g a i n ,of the Mate. Wuhoct the vote of the Tenth Legion de- i-'ate,.•on k'uo at work.'. flisjiestou, repreksniative* o f theuponcheck cottoaof anywith th: MayorWoodreplieel,"Xomatterabonttbat;thearby jowl rangt.meut is perfectly satisfactory to myself, and I hare o r Udtf States, an Ituru. As 1havei never spoken of you to him, but M I would have spekm had you been overhearing i'.e, so, trowingourrelations,>onc«unotexpectme:oSfeskof Dm to you otherwise than as of a friend to whom i stand underobhgaIonsnoteasytobespoken.Ofmaaydetailsminnowdinyourlcu-:r t»vis*.s»" (!»«i('igi.o^auee,confessingmyselfi<arl'.yiur..u'.l,per taps, for not liaving taken more interest in things toto- itstiug to you. Putover theRedBeld mitur, lotlu- -uiiice,oi which you complain, I had no control what-ever. 1am sure il yon ihinK this part id'your lettertver bgain, y'ou will contVrs having done to me some iujnjsV.es. But the mam dltllculty and fountain of all the aoparentneglect of which you complain, or rather which you now expose, a:e*»- from a misconception ou my aide of our relative poaitiuns. To me il haa always seemed that Horace Greeley, editor, was the main prop or the irro; and far from ever dreaming tbat he could need any aia from me, I always looked to bisi for that support which the more powerful brother extendi; to the weaker. This is the exact fountain of our mutual misunderstanding, and I frankly confess, as I deeply regret, my share in It.There are general apprehensions here that l.iucolu willbe elected, and the effort will be to force the election intoiheHouseofRepresentatives. InthateventLane'sTutWilmfogto' 'Del)T,'at>-kman,democratic,publish- !er*"for. Theeditorsays—ja*"nnp.anaU•<;l.p<-*d)toobtaiabisactmissiont providedforallo'myfriends—ycuinparticular."chances are deemed best, the idea being that the Homewillfailtoelectbeforethe4thofMarch,andthatan esallPresidentialtickets,anddon'tknowwhichto"hoitneCcavTitivo. Supiwciegeverytnmeu)bWuwubau.tshawapsomewhat<;irpr;--ciattnt? ecimcuofJudg• -taafclkj u behalf of the Dojgias democracy in r.-ras.a^; himulitu 11'a-imieaion,ahuwing cunclixrit-eiyth.itOean Ki«ntD*ad sad aw cuufltirinvj baud had utiihgured him a the twfcet. lias lag aeen set uie aid*, in tftu pretim inary arfan!Jatitsc. it beesBir n«ce*3ary that extra effirti »houll^be autie.iir all bojx-s for adHiiitaaee Would b ; at an cad, aad it u Uure tbat the master eitort oomaienct'd, aud aba raai a»|*i(«woba of Mayor Wood became Knowu by ttwee prt-«eut.Mr.Tucktrthensaidhecouldnotgive hisconsentto anysuch.arraug'ment,and peremptorilydeclinedbeing considered in tnat bargain.MAyorWoodreplied, ••Weshall thenhavetopart;let OSshake hands and part as friend-!*'Mr. Tucker replied, " We will part, Mayor, but dispense with the ceremony of shaking bands."The trio immediately separated. At daylight the next morning, John A. Green was on his way to Syracroe to mi»':e/anain;eme-uts for the meeting of the State Central Committee, which had been previously called oontrary to the wished Mr. Wood. He waa followed in a few days by Mr. Tucker. At the meeting of the Committee, everyelectionbytheSenatefroaaamongthecandidatesfortbe ViceIVctidencywillfc'low. InsuchacontiHgoncy>Lane, it is presumed, would be tbe choice.DAVIS AND COBB ON BRECKINRIDGE. SitKCUkS OP THE HON. JS.iT. DAVIS AND TUB HON. UOWKLL l UUB IN WAUUINOrON.NawYORK,July ciuoo NeitherthedecisionofMozvrtHal!,northetomrairtrn 11suitofallthis"mix,"andweare in a greaterloseas tkmofoldTammanyto Tavor oftheBllnoisSenator,*.<Tbat he may not always have fllted it wisely is quitepreten 1 that the list was complete, but w e hope to a few tn<ciijacv. Brri-kinngde will be hopelessly defeated in the days to make it nearly ao.which Virginia is putting forward to effect a recooJilia-flicsareup;letailwhowouldrideintothehaven'ora teaceful country come on board, and loose who will not Iwarnthatthejcowcatcheris down—let stragglersbe-rate States. Otherwise w e should transmit to ourchildrentheveryevil underwhichourfathersgreened—a government hostile to the rights ot thepeople, and resting upon their consent, trampUaa anontheir privileges, and calling for their resistance? Batlplace my trust in democracy—in that democracy whichhas borne thto country on from its commencemeui. whnhas illustrated all Its bright psasagasof hte^,'whtobhas contributed to it a ll which to grand and ntoate, allwhichhsselevatedlandcontributed to Its lirogreaa-thedemocracy ofWashington, of Jefferson, of Jackoo^audf ^ r J ! ^ , ^ f ' , ^ * l ^ ^ , w * * « * and Line toe regu rum Anprtkensioni of Its Overthrmo—Tkt Ftreentvt of Buchanan (great applause 1. shall be u » r b m X ! ; Monday tost being court day, a goodly number of the Inown at Tammany festivals to assuage ttoir tb:rri .if ^^SJrf^L. 2 ! *B»cracy of tbe Union. He De- Ul*ful that Heme Good May Owu tomtom Oats/ « , of Buchanan (great apptoute), shall be tbedenmcracy of sovereigns of the county ware in town, and. as tor as we elter fongand wiiuuily hioktogat ton door,uitotrj dcs 45.>y then addressed the committee on the reaofo..-beaasformerlyanardentsupporterofMr.Seward. R^cnuran SttTs Oosrvmnioa a Mawutttowrak—The Reimblican State Committee of Massachusetts, held a meeting In Boston on Friday, and voted to call the nextat tha towetol mee.ing, stating that be them on the belief that tbey were msrely , and at that time be so declsret, stating that if ha voted to select Irom the two ttokets he should Lane H e then offered a art ofOUR RICHMOND CORRESPONDENCE. KiciHio.YD,July9,I860.State Convention at Worcester, tha 29th of August.Doc«ua u RoOKSRiDGt CoixTT, Va—The Uxlngton 11thetociety, there were ao tteaiunoata psopueed,a-.;ved that tbe time had nowci fer the committee Caaor-rte Forthcoming State Com-,Uion—Trouble Ap- the next four years. (Benewed applause.) Durtoa the could gather public sentimont, we are sattoaed that a , camped to tbe more refreshlug quarters of the Pew •rntirepertodcfmy intercourse with the people oFltem- largt majority of the people of thto county are ta fa*or of Meg, where <«n*ototioo onuld ba found toagtomof .•«• Mayor Waod prAmMfnm Ike • TaUk Legit»i"—L>isap»roml of th' tngtoo, I do not recollect of ever having seen such a mul- Louglas and Johnson, the nominees of the regularly ar- i Bourbon. There were scarcely a hundred pern** pr«-. .iof the Chairman, Pelieg ef Podponiag tkt Norfolk Rai^catian Meet- titude of citterns aa^those aasembled here this evenini. ganuced Democratic Conventkm. atM, moment, ans only atontary tWeral emj*aeVt.rA s ^ e s V ^ M e J etoeeu'm. walked upon tlsag ajpnalarl I»him, ana keen, harmony among tbeaweJres- (Applause.) The national democracy present a ticketito place and on the same day. their |*e^*t,ce lo give character to tne laudation pre*t>ar«i \ tat us have any firebrands amoaa us' cratic State This anomaly coaVvts not so much ia the U* country which may welUnsnire the most toftykmiri in honor of Doagtas, for be it known that even among tho contianad the Mayor, is aot BOWiu order' division* amongst the party an to the choice of Preotttea otnm. The name or Drtokimldge cornea dowBbVSneal T«^ Usrrm S u n s Ssxats.—The Senators "(rhoae terms l«thiu—who are gr-netally supposed to live together ratobisresolutions 'i telling the com- s i " ^ r woaanuBanaa-ing, die.Butmorethantbat—duringtbetimeIhavebeensneak- ing, a* my eye runs over the vast throng before me loan my never have seen so quiet, ao orderly, ao patriotic aAMOVRMESTFORUJOO«raNewJs**wv.-4tetawingsofj whohasrecentlybecomeaconverttoDouglas.tm Ticketa t'facmtostoa were aot reqatoed. lor the doors wvi—tbe democratic party to New Jersey have called a State*****"**OM' suchaaanomalybeenpresentedasthatwhichmarksthe concourseofpeople-judgingfromtheexprenston Convention,tomeetiaTrentononthe25thinst.;andthe fcierathenumberpresratwereUisignifleantlybrtrfcgNever in tha history of party politics in Virginia, | a sopen to all; but ever, with the help ol wayfarers an-tatragtonatfaaaut^nftogm bagged them, for God'a aakw, to Mnod present attitude of the democracy in this great demo- of their countenances-^ is assembled hereM»nteht I nice party will hold their State Convention at the sama llienbetBtees among th* Sacteius were not wtihag »>.prtoetpteswntohisdisplayed. Somenewspapersto.theAs paiteytorthemtogoforIkiogiaa. ' Statethatweraloud la their condemnation of noughts' doubt ho has split a hundred rails to Ctorotn'S*ooe patrick, of Alabama; Johnson, of Arkansas;Owia, of thedeciatoaofaniajority oi the ra-hers bo *iv-«rw i-Stephen P. Roaaei nex, took the floor and spakein squatter sovereignty before his nominal: m, are no.v th; (I-aughter and cheers.) Let us, then, on eaooul California; Foster, of Coune :iicat; Yule*, ef Florida: Ivpr- IiugtBh. even tbe aoota of Tammany stay b« i*«^slIbver of Mr. May "a resolution, and contended .hat it wasnotonlycotsittent,buttheir dutyto adoptthem. Het warmestadvocatesofhis election,whileUntitlct'j?rs thttfa-n.ofneorgto;Trumbull, of*W;Flteh, ofladiaga: The vast amtaubiage baring toft the City h 7 a j IouL-lana: 1'carce, ef Mwjiaul; Greene, of Missouri;a>:aiitKt him. Tli-re i« a coneoian.wi. howo-vr, to lb- ulUrttoa that ate/art Hah will nhorUy ho Is Hed Doamninmnl.^ ^ » £*£**. '±^^1 transmit to our children the rieh inheritance "mi/cumenmWfcO CAR Voix w MISXBWTV—According to the laws of Minnesota,allforeigners,otherwiseuaalitod, whohave been ia the country one year, all persona of mixed white and Indian blood, , all Indiana who have •JK language, customs and habits of cUilixaJUon, are emtVitetf to v«te fcr PreeidoatlaJ atectors tojhnt ftata.SHOAL axscnos sen MntvR or Ootnumw*^S ^ n ^ J o v ^ ^ s m m ^ a ® . ^ K S S T Z m ZSedTJumnt'* do*.^heoao^I^^7^e prl«i-r^oi*n^ibJcb they have been nominated! The peinel-nte whtakTthey have avowed to the country will be car-rtod out to ^admlntotratton of the goverment iTjbj[the33J3&American people,theyarectoaen toUhhjHand responsible offices. And now permit me to say to youthat! donot doubt the result. (" Good.' ii It is truethat the democrat party have a tew little family diffi-culties to settle between now and the daw of election,which are like cobwebs that have gathered around theord democracy, and which I trust will "be brushed awayand scattered long before the day a^d hour of trial shallcome. When the ides of Novemr-,or shall roll round yoa get borne to night; Hso we shall claim his atrvtesalin willfindauniteddemoeraey.PYapplinghandtohandwith Charleston,asourratificattonecmeaoffto-nMrrow.Th«candidate foi Vine Praaidoot (Bcrsobel V. John**) to our ofOeorgto'snohtest a n d brightoot so— a n able states men, sad tha embodtaeeaiof honesty—a man of nerve and deliberation, I nave known the Governor for year*, onlytoadmirehim,andfeel1cannotsaytoomuchtohtr praise. MisvoiceiaOldGeorgia,like thebugleblastor Rhodertci Dhu, is equal to a thousand men and ten thou "and majority 1 Tbe democracy booth—Douglas and ami Douglaa, 't>lu« spirits awl red'—will unite tn a nighty efthe handful of delegates who seceded at Baltimore, it willmilitate against the success of Mr. Douglas while it in- seqnently tneir opinions are em ittod to but Bute weightInasmuch a<?by a r-nrteatenatlon of unfortunate circum- Michigan as supporting Dmigla- and none as swpportin;' a basis of arSTfmet.t. to tbe majority which will probably stance^ the democratic party is temporarily divided, and Breckinridge. Tbe URRALSISright to the latter respectsave the democracy in the State.I learn that the ti tends 11 Breckinridge a r e somewhatdisappointed .it tbe pot'tponement of the ratification meet-two candidates thrust upon them, let each one exercise hie okn Judgment, and accord the same privilege to h is brother, and let us not fail out if we can help it.'ibe I.yncLburg (Va.) Republican says:—no journal in Michigan support* Breckinridge. No dMbt it wul correct i u etatemenl in the other respect when w e inform it thai there are thirty eight democratic jocroai- in Michigan, .'11 of which support Douglas.THE RELICS OP SAINT TAMMANV. TOTBICOITUSOFTHKHKBAX.D.lo hdw to holler; we are anxious to holler for somebody, availed to reaniinate the gradually dyfig ^1.. p^ u :r< but are afraid to, tor you know we might wake up thewrong passenger—that is, wc might get or, the wrong friends of squatter sovereignty in this city, thoihl m. ntviarcdecidedlyalatosstoknowwhatwillbetheThe Newmarket (Va.) Spirit of Ihmocracy declares itto be tbe duty of every Southern man to Bupport Breckin- sion in anathemas against traitors, and passing r** <.come out for Breckinridge and Lane. In so doing, it says hardy presented on the high festival of Independence R»»^APRorccnioa TOUMTSIN VIKQIMA.—The Rockingham (.Va.) Register, which supprts Douglas, to williig that the sameelectoralticketshallbovotedforbythevariousgentlemen, thefoliowuigistheplanproposed:—beflltedbytbenextlegialataresoftheirStates,areFMz-in Missouri, a ap«toleleetloa to e-^ofejfi for tbe purpoaeHstatativee, cauaofi bv uis rat'igmtkw of Bon. jRstasas P. Blair, Jr. then quoted freely trout the tjweehes delivered by Mrunfirtha rtastoa thtt, since one of their number Wood dating the Conm-etlcttt campaign, ah »w.ag taat ha voreu that doctrine tote sid«ss with*Breckiurilg-? ant have receive.! from our fibers unimpaired. ( a i S s e W Harton, of Iowa; CrltteU'l':ii, of Kentucky; Aided, of Perhaps sr..g quaru-r* may be obutned ii that ii"*htoa tea "woaton autavg State" testta*retlrcngiyadvocatedtheverydoctricesthatwere Lane.Ibisanomalytotbemore3trf<inrinvi->w 309 Soutwigw;.m tMit'iuers, meanwhile, were aitxnes m tto-ir ii unir •s a tether ibe hall was lo be honor M ' v the >-r> unce < I a <'atii fMshed pohtKum of this c 'y.an*l f\*nroThomas M. Tryniskifw.www.fultonhistory.comh 4th Fulton New York13069caltodnt the executive maiuiicu l o w their res^tTtJClarkL cf Hex Hampshire; S-wa-1, ut NV,v V»rlt; ClingStreet 