 •'Pacific Railroadand by vote agreed toVlh* 2emm^—^tm^^i'ai^••••^***to>%«a*»»'w:: ^*'*Wwr* -Paso and San Diego route mto the report of theoonanlt tee- bat there to considerable doubt whether It will oeed. The committee may be induced to compvoau Mr. Hmdman's proposition, for a branch from Fortto Pikes Fssfc, to top the Central read. At everything .to in a state ef uncertainty as to what the committee really will report.>ths> Zj3"me to state If I bad not barg&inea witb tbe Presidentreignty, and pass tbe bill upon the argument of Miltoon,»«ner•hna.•• *ery firm, aaaanununaay>uai IN MJBBSBV XjaUgOW a V a V a V aW li yea* a i a r anwsaah i4>aaaaP-But aa there never baa been such an intense pubbc In-terest excited in regard to any political convention of tbelastfiftyyears,aahi referencetothia one,aofttoprobabie that every available steam and Bailing vessel betweenNew York and Baltimore will be levied upon for serviceat Charleston during the next two weeks, for the rank fewer "avatar officers -».-«„around•a daJBaMsnhMns Vaal ami - UP0 w M Waal a a n i s M uUPfXaMratdlll.Bafi nawMa — J . TP** *"v*» •waaae"^gjLaa»'^a» * Mt-tolJwh.*n.Lu« HArearroa. soora a oo.^ ciacrLAa.1 001 has bean ento* TM' 'referred to above, prefaced by an earnest and eloquent mtroduetion. In this lato and assail volnmeshe considers MM practical tide ef Basjtoh Hfe—treating of labor, of charity, of education, of the oaadltton.of her own uw,of eararhatoal tows aad reaaraattry laatlluttnaa St tbeof the Association fer the PicanotJnn of SocialEdward McDtrmott, Esq. J. Rodney Crctkey; Esq-and file of the party, to an extent wholly unprecedentedin the htotory of parte*, are anxious to be there.The Rhode Island election, aa it has resulted, though not a democrat, victory, to here considered an ominousrepublican defeat Tbe Union or third party managers are wonderfully elated, and nay that, with anything like a barnionIOUB result at Charleston, the intermediate coc venticn at Baltimore will now sorely be competent to push Seward almost overboard at Chicago. Setb Padeberd was Mr. Seward a man for Governor of Rhode Island A^kA,Tbe Supreme Court of Massachusetts bavmgdeoWe^ that a deputy of the Sergeant at Anas of «ne 0rdtod_8wes Senate had ao authority to setae the peeam j r a v i o » born, denanded as a witness bstbre « «atmmee a r » e Senate,ittoprobable that tbeu«tore»*"fljTM^ w wwatering Plane.. n^^^TtoTtrman officer alter four years I « T » ^ . J T . i l r . T l i L . ,f o borne, see bia ff*»d#. i**^*TM STi,l B ^ T r 5 Solvate baaaese; and toto I £ v ^ « * * ' ^ J * roorV than an average^ of the toavea of aaaanee noajgnaiedtD tbe fevered mw^ , _ ^ _ _ ^ Some officers wtoh too Retire! bill passed tor the aatol c r ^ p f < w o h o n , w t o m u t e n a a s a g j h e pveaaul.atoeet n»y; and some, who are rich, oarennltoag ahead toe pay, bat merely wtoh for the rank Those who are rah cer-tatoly would be the gainers by agHaSlag tali BBBjkst, getting a Retired bill passed and toe pay sat down w tha old standard, because they knew that aaaay of the offi- cers who are poor would bo obttged to resign ta seat defence However,should anefa a bill pass, Mtobaseal andbtokertogswhich.wwsidaabBSwaaaaJaasthearmy, *f Wales »o Canada, u dvgj H i * a tour through the United Statea,vk* of theUuu beBesides these two principal races there are m Persiaran occcT A aoa or BAIT JCA* Mr. LASS, (dam) ef Oregon,A ssassBBBa frosn Saanrd had u interview with Lord r, to aakfor a second member ofBto Hreii usaBBBua Mi advice to Lord John Russell totUMMTmamunac FBOB LOHVOS TO QCEBXOTOWN. Losroow, March S , 1Mb.to i aught ebech, speculator* taking i of the oalrtml dtotnat of the g r a f t * policy d the French Emperor to brag about a redaction of ,',•v oratonCoraote. Til wifiilhn nfpar of toetart, however, are by no mean „. The following went the corn n*March17—A glance at the map of Asia shows the stonMtoaneao he geograpnieal pesstoa. It is the key to the Eastern ID dies, sad its importance aa such was not unknown to Mahmoed the Great, Tamerlane aad Nadir Shah, who, in their invasions into tbe Indian empire, made It the base orprivate biUs. amuioBSenator Sewardevening, which was attended by a very targe namber of strangers, as well aa Senators and Representatives.sh sad Cap* F. Kingneoto, bothTHB SBW DTDIAK TARIFF. i on theM de Matternieh, and sereral other distmgulshed person ageaoT that day. At Dresden she saw tbe Princess Ame Ma, of Saxe, on whteh occasion—1840—she translated the dramas and comedies entitled "Scenes de In vie AUe-," (Pictures of the Social Ufa of Germany.) For massacre. We neeofscarcely remind oar readers of thetoe matter.Mr. BmnswoxTB—Yon had no right to propound anwill be with them upon this bill. Had the democratic majority of the Senate pushed forward some such scheme as the division of Utah, between the two new Gentile territories of the Pike's Peak and Carson valley mining dtotricis, they might have taken tbe toad fromat taut port were ergtaitoag themeelrse into a fire totoase. A fire atoo broke out at Yokohama on the 3d Janery, deBtooyas, nearly ail the foreiga bouses. It sat?tosteda tow mantes, and the canoe ana unknown. a t North China BermU atoo contama reporta of the has si tto Nymph an toe lTth Ilecember .Cornelia L. Baron, am Lady Ingito, m toe nefchbeihcod of Sbnoda. Captainand culture had failed to render half to interesting.Bar reviews nf the principal paintings in the private galleries of England are well known aad abundantly ap- preciated, shoeing, as they do, her taste as aa artist and her acquaintance with history, tor with these criticismsa regiment in the army of the Revolution. Mrs. Storer s father, Hon. Edward Cutts, a distinguished mershant of Porte moult, K. H., was of the ancient family of that name of Portsmouth and Kittery. He was son of Hon. Samuel Cutts and of Anna, daughter of President Holy- oke, and brother of Bon. Thomas Cutis, of Saoo. Mrs. Storer waa distinguished for the grata and elegance of herGreeley and Mr. Dana, of the Tribune; Isaac Sherman, WilliamH. Seward, John B. Haskin. H J Raymond. Governor Banks. Simon Cameron, Palmer, Cook A Co. and W. L Barring, of Minnesota, to step up anl tell what they know about republican expenditures to controltigating committees set to work by the opposition coaituouof that body. But it appears that Ford is not to have amonopoly of these opposition jobs, for Senator Wilson hasput in for a Senatorial inquiry toto the distribution of thespoils by Mr. Buchanan since the 4th of March 1867, witha view of rindlng out to whom aad to what extent thesefederal spoils have been distributed for tbe purpose of in-fluencing the legislation of Congress. Of course Mr. Wll- der, and, designating by name tbe only seventeen members ron has reference to the appointment of Giancy Jones tothe expectationthe Committee.TheabasesandHessehavebeen engagedtoday upon ontbeoccupationof SanJuanIsland AgreedtoA paaangar. named Carl, and three men, I the mate bad died staee. The treaaure of the Lady Ingbs bad atoo beennored her with a call while on their tour to the East. She left no descendants.At Charleston, Ma., March 20, Mrs. Ass S.I\BOR\, wifeofCapt. Tneophilus Sanborn, aged 87 years. Oapt Sanborn, who still survives, is 00 years old. They had been married 63 years, and had six sons, the oldest of whomis 62, and the youngest 44. Tbere had never been a death in tbe family up to the hour of her decease, and a!! b«r sons were around ber dying bed during aer last moments.the democratic member of the committeeIt to probable an examination will take place to knowif any division is going on in regard to fees received in Eubpamaing witnesses, as tbe amount is very large.TBS RKPJKT 05 TBS HBSJIDSST'S nurrSSTCTG ME36.\0E The House Judiciary Committee met this morning for thepurpose of considering tbe report of Mr. Hickman, in re plytothePresidentaprotest. Mr.Hickmanandbisfriends on the committee deemed it expedient to defer reading the report, until the minority report, to be made by Messrs. Taylor and Houston, should be presented to the commitpresent said it waa not competent to transact buainess to toe absence of a quorum. He meant no dtoreapeotar dis- courtesy, but It teemed to him the dignity of the House. was very much impaired by discussion under these cir- cumstances.The committee having voted on a question rased by Mr. BBASCII. it was formally ascerrained that ao quorum waa present, when, in accordance with the rules, the roll of tbe members was called.£i*about 6,009 onpaiatori, from Ctaabue to PsssiaoAnaong the moat recent works of Mrs. Jameson wemay Banana "Memoirs and Essays Illustrative of Art, ' "A Common Place Book of Thoughts, Memoirs and Fancies, original and selected," "The Protestant aad Catholic Stolen of Charity," "The Communion of La bar"—all small works, in which she expressed the livelyAustria, of Faulkner to France, and numerous other ap pointmenta, great and small, which, it has been alleged, were made by Mr. Buchanan for their Lecompton aad other services on the slavery question.We dare say, however, that all the political capital that could possibly be made upon this matter has already been exhausted by the republican party, and that den. Wilson, if allowed free scope over the face of the giobe with his inquiries, will only have bis labor for his pains.Tbaddeus Hyatt, the contumacious witness in the matterof the John Brown foray, seems to like bto comfortablequarters in the city jaiL He calculates upon being relea ted at the end of the session, which will probably betbe case, as the members ol tbe Senate will then disperseto their homee, including the committee which be has re pending which the Houae adjourned. (used to answer.M a r k e t s .LCTSDOS VOMIT MAJHCBT, HABCB 10.Tha Stock Fxchiage had exhibited much dultoeas, andOaatto aad further daehned, owing to the complication•rtoat set of the Save? aaiatoa, aad the dtotrwat whtehikeoBtperor Napoleon's^coarse msfHred. On tb* aotit, bene ef soon seeing her sex freed from the bonds and towWei, there was a rasher better Stottog, and CoaaptoMr. HOLMAS, (dem.) of tod., thought nothing ootid ha more ridiculous than these proceedings.•teadiry atM>«aM\ foraoaoyand$4»,ate\' aoUTe, aad in theprejudices which, in their eyes, now dishonor them.Bar tost work, which her death has left to a somewhatNegro SAU lately died on the plantation of his master,A. J. Bilitngtry, of Jones county, Ga. When capture i nAfrica to be brought to this country be says he wasforty n>e years old. He landed in Charleston, aad wasbought by the Loetber family, lived with them in that tee, which will be on Monday next, when both reportsetty nearly twelve years, and waa in their possession tilla few, years stoat. From Charleston, Sam was carried to will be submitted to the House. Tbe minority reportbavannah and stayed there fortyfyears. From the evi- fully and ably sustains the positions assumed by the • Wxsircwro.N. April 6, 1860.Mr. STOUT, (dem.) of Oregon, wtobel to Show by toe re- cord that those who, at an earner period, voted against an adjournment had retired.TaaeatoWhatmtafaanveof absence fer ermry *^ u "ZTZZIM Li z^zT? . _«_«Ha .vcrr rear, we woua asaextended to other and nobler direo adeepaseteatinall social and moral questions, ited lectures en "Sisters of Charity s^- I l?^^^^^-'r^^>7, «T$^6d. TheparmdiaU atBorneandAbroad"andothe "Communion ofLabor,"'R J. R. Campbell, Esq.H Rumiey Forster.Etq. Montague Leverton, Esq.regiment, say tveo months every year, soliciting fancy duty,* **"2P * 2 J £ ,f S " * ^ * * » " - - • - toesnot Ltoaasd ad, 3Ta7w.J. R. Stebbins, Esq. Philip Hedger, Esq. R. Sorton Parrys&q.with the chtfs-d'amtn of hterstnre year 1814 the was united tob o t hnotofthea butaa r s y a f ed'une BanaySe" (Diary of an saanyea)to London It 1826•ell, she rsmwiitaif her own bJatory with aover two millions of Arabs,Naanrhas, Babersocamtaos OF ossaaas.OBtheatoeroa^toajtatoteraresonofHenry R. Adjourned.ppy kind, for they lived together _ by com aWvtTod barhatband ahaning Committee, submitted a report to toe House to-day, asking authority from the House to bring Augustas Sch»JlfroBaFraneeandto Italy,too,in 1809, looked apan this country as the only meansby which, without a nary, be could compensate himselffor the losses which he sustained from the English. Andin ear day Alexander of Russia a showing himselfno leas sensible of this important fact. The Caspian Sea, Investigating Committee, is said by Mr. Haskin to be a vio- washing tbe coast of Russia, aflords an easy means o lation of private coniidence, but to not objected to bystan of A mencan onsaaa from the etty of the oonftacation of their property by MlraaaaTBB ooocrAnai or SAB JOAB.the "Lores of the Poets,5' published in 1829; and thia' was by tan "Lives of Celebrated Female SoveCongrm,4k.a strong laat atom social and moral questions. BarThe day has atoo been devoted to the ''almighty nigger'in the Senate, on a string of slavery aad anti slavery ab The House went toto committee. stractions,touchingtoeinstitutionintheTerritories;ab MrWBXLS,(rep.)ofN.Y.,holdingproofslipsinhal,, atBradford, us October tost, li*£f*9 she made were received withi£££*Charles A Ferguson, Esq. BAN una.Messrs. Glyn, Mills k Co., 67 Lombard street Driimmoud & Co., Charing Crow.Meters. Fuller, Banbury & Co., 77 Lombard street Tbe Western Branch of the Bank ol England.The Cuton Bank of London and its branches.The London and County Bank, Lombard street(By whom donations will be tbanitfuiiy receivad.) Capt William Harrison, after achieving a worll-wide re potation to bis connection with the mercantile marine of this aonatry, was suddenly out on m the performance of btoduty,ascommanderofthe Great Eastern steamship, onSaturdaythe2IatofJanuarytost,leavingawidosandthreechildrenalmostwhollyunprovidedtor-The oaiversal appreciation of Captain Harrison's esnV aant services to the development of ocean steam naviga- aha, aad the general sympathy excited throughout tha country by his untimely death, are considered by the gentlemen whose nanus are appended, to afford substan- tial grounds for asking aid to securing to bto bereaved family a prevtoten for their fata e support anl education. The savings of a tang profeasionai career, intended for tbw purpose, were, in tbe case of Captain Harrison, hat bv a eoniWecoe not nwplaced, although unfortunate, and•at the moment of bat death tha atost Incnmbranoes thus incurred had only recently twen paid on* JSojnsatof foretfaousltaa a husband or a father can therefore be chaxS"upsTlaa memory of Captain Ilerrieoa. aad this sptaal to lent forth with a reheat oonflJenoe that .t wfU behberaUy aad aeeervedly responded to by alldssasoofr room of the Brinat UOBoaiy, AlteraTwmiM I^MB^^ww^m*m»*» ;"TM* to two or threeenYeta of which aha never rallied, expiring on the even tog of Saturday, the lTthwillasoonfindtbauheutechnicalityona few days'dura w—wjp^ ;^-*m^fW'1 .'•M1W- - -w 9I iUJ ^prebnbry bnag forward at Arms withoven defy tbeMJ1L| "J..JJ1.,npinwiui-.. if- - -,.•My,•ujmwwi.r ,., April«, 1840. rcuc wosss ATeantuao.HEW YORK HERALD, SATURDAY APRIL t 1860,-TRIPLE •ci-:r*','••'•' •"JIby torcfef their deserting ofI'.i"""i• iti Miiiiwi it ii i in*of her meet popular, as well as most agreeable works,was pubbabed the next year, constoflng chiefly of studies more or less imbued with Russian ideas, and, to heightenfurnished by either member or the clerk of that committee, hut by Mr Boiterworth, and that it to such an abobjects of their government,In view of these facto, it to perhaps not chimerical to suppose that Persia may, like Crimea, become a theatre for another tragedy of European war, and that there may be those now bring who will see the Greek cross sur- mountingtbemosquesofPersia,ortheflagof St George waviag over the palace at Teheran.tion—ris: on "Sacred sad Legendary Art," "Legends of the 5th inst, hi the 81st year of his age. He was for of the death of the Shah of the Monastic Orders, "Lagenda of the Madonna, ' &c. many years in the New York Custom House, and was One of her hat publications was a revised aad enlarged much esteemed as a gentleman of the old school. By the edition of "MemoJrt of the Early Italian Painters,' death of Mr. Ogden, Mrs Ritchie, tbe distinguished au- pubtahed by Mr. Murray. About the year 1814 thored and actress, loses a parent to whom, at his death bed and always, she has been deeply devoted. Not long since a brother died, and now the head of the family aprecedents and innovations of Congressional power, will oppose tbe measure, as indicated in the views of Mr.of North Carolina,Branch and Mr. Taylor, of Louisiana.The republicans are elated with the prospect of throwmgthe democrats into an unpopular position on this subjectin the defeat of tbe bill to the Senate—for it will pass theHousebyalargemajority. IftbedemocratsoftheSenate,however,are wise, they will avoid the plea of a dangerousWheat, 11.008 quarters at afte. M~ barley, 44,992 qrev,Ha 5d entt, 13.374 qrs 33a. Id., rye, 63 or*., Me. nist!. In 1842 she pubfiahed tha "Handbook to the PubSAKTjnx GOrVKRNSVR OGDSN.We record to-day, besides the death of Mrs. Jameson, the poetess, that of Samuel Gouvorneur Ogden. at theto me questions personally offensive. You in effect asked precedent to slavery, and that other plea of squatter sove-Md; beaas, eVTffl qra, Mto. 7d.; nean, 1,300 qars, *7a> to.he awatotoa of Art to aad near London," which was thefirst of a sertoa of arttottc works of subsequent produc- age of 81. Mr. Ogden died at bto residence to Astoria, on and bartered my principles to retain my place, in order that the bill to consistent with all the legislation private to RE character. Tbe committee dif-saty of 10 par cent onlaunattoemomaBtwhenthe to* vestige of the protecMrs. Jameson vtoited aad stayed for a long in Germany. In Vienna she became ac- wah Goethe and ha sgdrltnal goddaughtar,no more.DKATH OF MBS. WBZDIN, THE LA9T SURVIVOR OF TEE WYOMING HAS SACKS.Mr. TKALV—I did not intend to insult you, sir. I wasrequested to ask tbe question, and did so simply to aacertain if the President had used any improper inSuenoes in the whole moral and religious sentiment of the countryyears Mrs. Jameson, whose ardor of thought and ixtigable, devoted her pen exclu- srvely to serious works on arts and artists, and hi every •alt * to ssnftor a bounty on aacrve prodocoono There ana of bar productions there are marks of judicious wtD be a treble advantage enjoyed by India in competing taste and feehag, and a noble admiration and appre- ciation of the beautttul and the good. Her "Legends of the iof the Madonna,"pubfashed to 1862, to illustrated in the most i a anai uummj of 10 per oeat. If the oonditton of exqutohe manner, like some of her other works, witfaoot-a favorable to these manufactures tha flrat two bnaaketabesofher own, and has become a favorite com pankw of European artists as well as of lovers of arteattbelO per cent protective duty. A duty had previ travelling apan the Earopaan continent. Mn. Jamesonof 10 per onto on shirttng, and thaabash Oh,aariy $40,000, $100,600, 'and $25,000 respectively with the origmahty of her thought aad the graces of her stdenee of her late brother, Charles Cults, United Statesspot; and 1 do not intend to permit any member of this committee to shield himself behind his official posiuoo to encase a just personal responsibility.cept thia issue of tbe direct intervention of Congress for the suppression of polygamy to Utah, and pass the bill, or suffer tbe consequences before the people in the Presi- dential campaign.tree tyatem has been aboiahed in toa country, the re-horrors attending this frightful event In a single nightthe entire settlement was aid waste, and most of tbe Inhabitants were murdered a cold blood by Indians andthe Brittoh. The htotortaaa have told the frightful tale.and all are familiar with i t The poet Campbell has atootold it to superb verse. A few of tbe mhabitoatt escape J . with you. air, that you have any right to hold any mem- support this bill because they believe in the absolutetowards th<* country, made HNEWS FE0M WASHINGTON.The Inquiry into the ElexdoMeriiif Practices tf the DmttralB.To many ef our reader* the present conditionnay be cnaqaratireto uaknowa, sad it natbeaskiutogrfea few statistics to WitotheexcefXieuofthetsrritoTybeloBgmgtothe ofMujcst,whichextendsalongtbePersianGulf,the tag d o t of Parato facto4a all that nartof the nana awnaiarl at thewestofihewayofOrmosand of Lake Zerah. BtoI bounded on the north by the trajoacaucaaian aawetoassef R««i*, by the Caspian Sea and a part ef Tuna; aa the *»«hyAfgbanatanaadBek)oclitottn,ootheaouthbytae Persian Golf aad the sea of that name, and en thaby the Turkish provinces of the Euphrates Tigris. Its superfices a estimated at 26,460 squareand ito panaaaton aaounts to about 13,000,000lento. It includes eleven provinces or 8tates,'and a captB it.•ccess to the Persian shore. A railway thrown across the that gentleman. Mr Butterworth has opened the door,a sort et revotatton in the of Toysfee, which has alwnya. been in favorAtom wish the Brittob public. Our wrote a anmber of atesjrssatonpertraltirree, which, as being tha work of the ssnunate aleat, did not meet with such greather nrat eflOra That was "Les Amours de Poetes,' or have bean subjected to the most cruel aad gall- be removed, he nupportod Lecompton himself.•to could be marching over the plates of India before thefleetest ships of the English nary had well got under wayfrom England. Hence Persia m to England a seal of poesession—to aaato a aaaas of acquisition. Tbe people ofPerris, as n aass, are to faror of Russian interfereno*Notwithstanding the efforts of the late Shah they he received aa intimation that he waa likely, toMr. BASS, (dam.) of N Y., introduced Tht Mormm Polygamy fiat-la* Nigger In (he J»jaor-f*e waa referred to tbe Ceaanaatoe on Commerctog oppression at the hands of government officers,Mr. Haskin asserts that the recent statement to a New York print, purporting to be evidenoThe '•almighty nigger" was fairly brought toto the Houaeto-day,aa the gauge by which to measure tbe oon-among whom was the family of William Martin, Mrs.Weeoen's father. Mrs. Weeden waa twelve years old attbe time, and she retained a vivid recollection of themassacre until her death. She waa a prtooner witbher sister in the fort where every male was put to deathby the tomahawk. Tbe atotora left the Valley with theirfather and mother, aad travelled with a flag of truce,through the men dense forest, till within forty miles oftbeConnecticutriver.Theretheyweremetbytwoof mittee.Myactionwillbedeterminedbyyours.Mr. Martin's sons and token to Colchester Mr. Martin Mr. COVODE—I see no objection to the withdrawal ofpower of Congress over all things in the Territories, nig gers and all, aad they are elated with tbe idea that it will be a damaging blow to the divided democracy on this subject. The only way for them to escape without bro ken bones is to paas the bill on the solid argument of Mil! son, of Virginia.Marquis of Stafford, M. P. Lord Clarence Paget, M P. Vitcount Raynbam, M P. C. W W. Fluwilliam, Esq ,M. PThe Directors of the GreatShip Company.R. W.OawforJ,Etq.,M. P. Isambard Brunei!, Esq*, W P Renttnck.Esq .M.P. R P. Brereton, Esq.. C. EC R.M.Talbot, Esq . M P. W. Fronde. Esq., 0. ESome contend that in thus being relieved from toe out- aide pressure usual on such occasions, the Conventionbeen absent from duty with theirare years, are young officerspretended sickness or through favoritismB. McGhteWilcox, Esq.,MP .Sir Samuel Canard, BartSir Cusatk P. RoneyH. Wollaston Blake. Esq-<t«orge Moore, ESq.TheRev W.Nicholson.Cbas Manby.Eeq.. F. R. 8.Thomas Brsttey. Esq.fdward McKenzie, Esq.Jan. Ed. McConnell, Esq John George Appori, Esq John Hepworth, Esq. Capt George Richardson Capt Luke Smitbeu. George Turpia, Esq , R. N. Henry Webber, Esq.J. oakford, Esq. H. GoedalU, Esq.ment would have saved $10,000 per annum. oece to band; and that in this view, San Augustine in such aa wading through swamps, sleeping to tana, aaa \ OI r X T K K S VOX a n DXFKXCK OK TEXAS. Florida, or San Antonio m Texas, or Santo Fe in New traveling across parching deserta They do aot nke betagj The Secretary ot War baa notified toe Chairman of toe Mexico, would really have bean the beat pace to the shutout from 'civilisation aad all the ossvealosnssawM**WmmU^S H DOJJH.1,^- a^urt.. JOHN TROTMAN. tammKmrr °"'v*"*"""•0ffic«Na42Cbrnhilland Ko. 11 King WUl.am street,ABJUV ALS.a-' Jiraktodtotoe"HIPROPOSEDAMMT OPCOLLECTORSMELL agamthesubjectoftworoutes; butnothingdefintte as* fixed upon. A strong effort will be made to pat the KiMr. Docsue, (seat) of Dx, asoved to tabs up tag providag for toe Banner of aspendtoa;m mrin ciuron The private calendar wastokenupEorty two private bUto were raaeed. meludag all tbfTheButterworth and Correspondence.HaskirjHames o/ the Witaustjeg to Appear Beforetal, Teheran,with a population of one million. ThemhabitantBorthe country are divided into two principal races,the Tadschiks, who are descended from the ancient Per-sians, Medes, *c.. aad tha Iblata, who are Tcreomantribes. Among the first are still numbered the Pamans,worshippersoffire,thenomadicLnriansandtheEnrdi ate, to, to oflawaboutwhichtheretosodisputeinthemindsof wnhthei•• • • ' • - - — —— —, 1 ru-L.ins MaBMnah COSXBRBD BUVIMB.Mr. Howard, of Michigan, who contents Mr. Ooonsr's seat, mads, an argument before tbe Committee on Elec-Mr. Dooirms, (rap.) ithe Hon Darnel S.location of United States lata lis andi_~i-iiOnir Special Waabington Despatch. WiSBUKma, April«, I860.TUX AnsnsT or couxcros sennu. saxxaaaatoP.Mr. Covode, from aba Executive Corruption InvestigatimRESTOH, stmunt-rnnwiti, tions to-day. Tha case to evidently necessary inarguisgi,K. Y , and introduced a bill toOn of Mrwhich was published their armies of conquest and subjugation. Napoleon, before a committee dary authorised by that body. The ' Jadge Mason closed his argument today before the any facto in his paaaaBton touching Mitheir operations, from which in safety they sent fort!)tons bar to answer for contempt in refusing to tostif(dea.)of N. C.ai s Frentosat todegree of abandon winch wne moat shaming, especipallyaddedtoherpeualoeateloveofaatare. Thispte- tottercountrytothePersianGulf,andtbearmiesofBus andMr.flaskmwillnotallowittobecloseduponhimlbs amount subject to draft was nearly six milhonB aad a half.OarWaatolaarfa Correspondence. WAffln.wros. April 2, I860,of State for Mr. Crosby's account of the toots aad can.cumstancea connected with toe aaaasaston of the I ofSanJoan.report was not read, bat ordered to be printed.IKS HASXTS A S D BPTTSS WORTH C0KRS8POirDBXC«.Commissioner of Patents to favor of the extension of the Moras Telegraph patent The opinion prevails that their decision will be favorable.coypmo.v or THE TOUSTRY,The receipts into the Treasury'last week were $1,227,000. resolution, which was adopted, celling on the SecretarwThe exposition or the oorrespondence betwean Messrs Haskin and Butter worth by tbetotter,before tbe CovodeMr. SiBvma, the Bnaaatos from Washington, retorted •anal all tbe correspondence to in, which, from all ac counts, is exceedingly rich. It to asserted by the highest authority that Mr. Butterworth addressed a note to Mr Haskin, during the laaaapton struggle, approving the latter'8 course in opneatog Leoompton, and then, whenand thousands go to Russia as day laborers to obtain thein 1831. Her "CharacterWttos of Women," one „ means or livelihood and of paying the enormous taxes taken before the Covode Investigating Committee, was not stitutwnal merits of tbe bill for tbe punishment of polyimposed upon them. On their return, they are NaturallytothePublicGalleries theirdtoaflectedness,theyareimmediatelyplunderedof structasrepresentsasmallportionofthematerialfacts, lion),toemphaticallyarepublicanceasure.ButItcannot fortheCapitolextension,aadwhetherthetotoacttoaef tbe War Department is legal aad 'right, or to violation atof Art to and near London," which appeared in their earnings by the public officers of the customs. It is and totally misrepresents tbe real tone involved in the very well be resisted before the people on constitutional the rights of toe contractors, Messrs. Rice, Baud anal 1143, and bar "Companion to Prrrato of said that Russian ecclesiastics have already been appoint oorresponlenoe. This demonstration of Mr. Batter worth grounds. Hence, as advocated in the speech of Mr. Miltoon, Heebner.Arf • Lsadon,'' a n extremely useful ed, and are soon to leave for Persia. They go professedly will necessarily bring Mr. Haskin before the Covode com Tankntworks.Bar"livesofCelebratedFemaleaascientificgentlemen,batpoliticalendsaredoubtlessthemitteeasawitness,whosetestimonywilltovoirealargemembersorthe,democracy,whileothers,afraidofnOTK» FOB TBS AjUtBBT OF COLUDCTOB BCHXUL. OF n f l Tons.Mr.COVOOK(rep.)ofPa.fromtheSelectCommitted. of which be was chairman, made a report quoting iroos the testimony of tbe prograas maas aa to the irramiaa torn of Augustus Scbell, who, it appears, waa connected with what a known as the New York dotei fund, amount* ing to thirty or forty thousand dollars, part of which a a supposed was sent to Pennsylvania, aad a portion ex- pended in New York during toe Prestoaaitai eaatoot Tha Committee required him to produce a Bit of a* subscri- bers which he declined, on tbe ground that he could nog do so^even where be certain he had the paper, without the authority of the persons whose names would appear- that It would involve a breach of implied coaAdeace. and besides, ao power waa given to the committee to ask for the production of a paper eaafeeavSovereigns' wan translated into Frencb byde Montancka. Her principal and most popular pnbhea- ttona were bar "Characteratios of Women," "Ttohn and Sketches at Home and Abroad," 'Winter Studies and Bummer Rambles hi Canada The latter work aba re- garded as pecohaily a record of bar own social views and oonvKtMms;andthaworkbaaatootheadvantageofoffer- ing a IhitBful picture of the Ufa of the Indians aad colo-number cf politicians, from the President down.Tbe examination of Mr Butterworth before tbe com mittee has been closed. The letters referred to cannot be produced until Mr. Haskin receives some that are to New York. Before the testimony was signed, Mr. Butter worth, addressing himself to Mr. Train, a member of the committeefrom Massachusetts,safd:—SIB—In the course of this investigation y ju propoundedMr. Ozci (member of the committee)—T do not agreeIt to a republican electioneering measure. They willber personally responsible for the discbarge of bis oaV cialfdutle e; and, so far as I am concerned, I do not intend to he intimidated by threats.Mr. BrrraswosTs—I make no threats.and I now submit the matter to the action of the comstractions to the ehape of glittering generabUes submitted on Social Merato" give proo" of this, aad her still and his family left Rhode Island for Wyoming, Pennsyl- the question, and answer atoo; but you had better let the by Jefferson Davis, Mr. Brown, Mr. Pugh, Mr. Wilkinson.latertoctare>onthe '•Stoteraof Charity, Catholic and Pro- and that on the ''Communion of Labor," are, if still more earnestly and persuasively written. Hervania, a few years before the maamcre, perforating the arduous Journey on foot. That was tbe day of iron hands, brave heaaa. and wills that never faltered. Mrs. W. died on Friday tost, aad had one of the largest funerals ever seen in the neighborhood.Mr Sautobury, and others, from tone to time during thetor art and tor beauty, to whatever a glow to bar style and conspiredDied, at Prospect Hill, Fairfax county, Ya., near the rethus amicably adjusted.The black republicans have gained nothing by the exMr. WELLS bowed, and prayed fer the wtodom and ener- gy which would enable him to auvocate the cause of man before this august tribunal of the people, and while arguagand this can be left out of tbe printed report.To this Mr. Butterworth assented, and the affair wasThe CatiBBUK, Mr. Pettit, overruled the point, being governed by uniform precedentwriters. She was a rare instance of a woman success Kennebunk, who died in 1882, aged 76 years, son of Col Grtnnell, JohnF. Butterworth, Simeon Draper, Richard M. win make perhaps aa much as $100,000, grosi amount. Southern abolitionists are working out the extinction of Btochford, Jobs A. Kennedy, E. D. Morgan, Horace oft the printing jobs of the numerous House inves the latter by prartical amalgamation. Three powers areBaa arrired at Wanasawa a a Japansa Junk on the Slat she gave btogrspbienl sketches of the most famous Italian manners. President Monroe and General Lafayette ho elertions. This a done at the instance of Gov. Wiasiow,Mr. COKKLUCG, (rep) of N. Y , was assigned the floor Mr. YALUSDKJH.**, (dem.) of Ohio, rose toa pom: of or*-incomplete condition, belongs to the theological ssbool. taking place below the For two years peat she had been engaged on 4% a v cent loan for £l¥3;3,000-to a laborious ana* eiaboratelj illustrated work,Mr. SCOTT, (dem.) of Cat. moved a call of the House,at 60 nor eant, had bean announced. The announced by Messrs. Longman, anl nearA Retired List far ttae Army. TO TBB EDITOR Or tfU HERALD.NswlOBJC,March38,1SS0. thePoliticians—VieMormmDelegateandHi*OefenceotProbablyinthepresentBasalnnofOuugi—anattempt Hi* Constituents—l\e Bill Pasted, die. will be aaade to bring to a Retired bill for the Army. Thedecreehasbeenissued. Theretonohelpforit ThepaanageofaRetiredbillwouldincreasetheaspnasal" far the developement of railway anddence of reliable persons, and the negro's own statement, President against the Star Chamber proceedings carried Tke Charlatm Conven'ion—Tke Excitement Among tke Dt- andofhisPrecursor,St.JohntheBaptist,withthePer- hetosupposedtohavebeenoveronehundredandforty onbytheCovodeandotherinvestigatingcommit auKTacy—TkeRhodeIslandElectionandtitEffectAmongtoenen im MIOSIS Rieaardaua Bounce h Go., ahaw aad aare cheerful ton*, ftoar a IraOy ho*;, U .kiMicfsatoatflh,a.aM. Ulnil W1 antra istaj, hataVaaasaa sWaakananJI I W T I aaaatoaaaa akfltoea t a v nnnahaal anaJnsaa saato 'awl aratabrva e a p f j f OasTgamaarU [ f U i DwnDs^aW U U am I^PasaaJ sasaasav safa sa *TaassT^.~Jto»^«d,,aoati •\»aa.ht^^'h a* ZaTaV Baa. BaSSJsTan assaaL Binaa gnMfjgtofi fBfjJt aMaAMghgafnal• " • • • VaVHa JaMtnl asasfsaVaU- aMHnl 9* #$» •<• ••* •» toa |» nad 6a.alsn$d.TBS saw TOOK rrsuc sroas OOTTRACT.Mr. Purser wae before tbe Covode Committee to-day, convention at Baltimore would bring down upon it an outMarch 21, I860. dull,hutwithoutany of the past threetj completed, the " Htotory of our Lord sonagessad TypicalSubjectsoftheOldTestamentasrepresented to Christian Art" la the completion Of this laborababadrevisitedItalyandpassedseveral months in Berne and other Continental cotton. Into work was to be elaborately illustrated, and tbe studies and inquiriesto the collection cf materia* bed taken her to Italy ana other parts of the Continent. The water of 1868 she vaned Naples, where she had many the better part of the native gentry, where herself in making the notes aad illustrations ito work was to be composed. She had be- to be a little infirm to health, but her infirmities wereas to interrupt her studies and iaquircs, while to retain ai I its original activity and her the glow of bar early days. The summerIbUowing found her in Paris, occupied in the same pur art critic Mis Jameson was almost unrivalled.and expounded not only technical excel knee, bat abatowardmisaiag ef works of art—the relatioas they bear to the history of art itself, and the hto- of nations among whom they ware created. But heryears old at the tiae of his death.tees. Theimpressionprevailsthatthegroundtakes by the President in his protest will be sustained by the House. There is certanly a great reaction to the minds of many republicans upon this subject, aad if these in veatiga'ions are suffered to go on they are fearful it may recoiluponthem.CUAS.SCOTT,awellknowncitizenorCharleston,Kana- wha county, Va., and a relative of General Winheid etoott, died on tbe 21st ultimo. He waa a native of Powhatan county.Tke Haix-ieaa Memorial Fund. T8C8TB13.Henry Thomas Hope, Esq , Pteeadilly.Thomas Anderson, Esq , Mayor of Liverpool. Thomas Bold, Esq , Managing Director G- S Co.LONDON COMMITTEE.Tbe democracy most go to Charleston Tbe charges tbere,of five or six dollars a day per man, with half a doaencottedinastogieroom,willdeterthousandsofthecamp upontheshelf. ByexaminingtheArmyBegtotor,tt< followers of the party from the journev Thna, while the be aeon that very few of the elder officers wwI state a fact'T ».J i.ldaASS'S save aaelegantr. entertainment totoTrue PoUcn«f Ou Ikwueruti tke Jrljaw <baahan on she the formation of a company for the lmprov River at HeUaate, New York.Senate—Tom Ford cmi Ok Jyassay Jtota atoaator Wilton aonrrr IASOS FOB BOUHBBS nr rummA. VPsntt aa Jaoutry on Mr. fincaaasa't IHattbsften s/ae Mr. HAWBXM, (Sam) of fa., atrooaoed a bill |apattt Tsadaeni Hyatt Waiting the Adjournment ef bounty toads to soldiers engaged to the IndianFlorida since the ad of March, 1846 Referred to the ( mittee en Pubbc LandsTbe House considered the private bills TBBoowraaca von raa carrroL ootnaaa.Mr. MiixwARD, (rep.) of Pa., offered a iwas adopted, that the Committee on bpandttare to thagamy to Utah. This bill, reported from the Judietorv War Department inquire mto the action of toe athcera totCommittee by Mr. Nelson, of Tennessee (Southernfppoto charge in regard to the contracts for the marble "»»--»Brof Virginia, it will be supported by tbe most sagaciousthat no unjust inferences might be drawn from a refusal, l thus far, of Congress, over the domestic innti fers from Mr. Schell. aad tostoted oa the aeodaettaaof the paper as material to toe invesUgatisn, aad accord- ingly propose a resolution that the Speakertoaaea war- rant, directed to the Sergeant at Arms to take Mr. elehell into custody, and bring htm before the bar to answer for contempt, in refusing to produce a certain paper when required to do ao by the committee.Mr. WnraLow, (dem ) of N. C, will submit a aiaoritw report, and the subject will be considered on Monday.n U t f FO:: TBB FTXS'8 PBAK BUtEBS.Mr Omni, (rep ) of tod., asked unanimous coaseag to report a bill from tbe Post Office Committee, making an appropriation for supplying the Pike s Peak regno im-mediately with aaails; and stated if the appropriation was delayed until tbe general Post Office Appropriation bill passed at the dose of toe aeaaton, they would not proba-in the streets I should have resented the insult on the gone by, and the democracy of the Senate must now ac- bly have any mall service there till ananasMr. CnavrvoBD, (dem.) of tto-,objected, whenMr COLFAX said tf he could obtain theflooron Monday, be would move to suspend tbe rules ao as to put it oa as passage.F K r v l T S BILLS.The Boose passed seventeen private bills.An ineffectual effort to adjourn till Monday was madeMr. SBBBMIS, (rep.) of Ohio, moved to go into Commit- tee of tbe Whole fur general debate.Mr. Barnes hoped not after the exhibition of yester- day.Mr. BrBXBTT, (dem.) of Ky., was opposed to rnakingj the com mittee a debating society.consented to answer tbe question. I regard this as a tutions of the Territories, and that there to a savingpersonal insult, and one to which I do not intend quietlydistinction to the difference between crimes committed in a Territory, and the equal righto of the people of all tbe States, with every variety of property (slaves included) to a participation to the Territories of the confederacy.This a the only way to which the democrats can sue ceesfuliy meet this question of Mormon polygamy. The republicans understand the popular side of the questionto submit the question.I now give you an opportunity to withdrawThe Harrisburg (Pa.) leiagmf,h of the »th inst says:—'We have intelligence of the death of Mrs. P. Wnsnct, tbetost survivor of the ever to be remembered Wyoming cowardly slanderers, ir you had ventured such a query the republicans of the House. But the opportunity hasimpertinent question to aae to gratify the malignancy ofband . began to speak.Mr. BAKTIXTT raised a question of order. For the g >n.tleman to read a speech waa not in accordance with thai testimony stand until the committee close their labors, tost two months. The most suggestive speech on these rules.abstractions to-day was that of Mr. Saab-bury, addressedto the "irrepressible conflict'' doctrines of W. H Seward,for from these frequent democratic overhautings of tbe record of Seward in both houses, it is easy to perceive tbeoverwhelming strength of Seward with the republicananimation of this witness Tbe committee have sum party in Congress, as their anointed leader for tbe sic against slavery, said tbe corner atone of our government arhetoric to render her one of the most agreeable of Senator from New Hampshire, Mrs. Pmscixu (Cms)STORKI:.sped86years,widowofJosephStorer,Esq.,of moned,orintendtosummon,TnuriowWeed,MosesH ItisestimatedthatTomFord,thePrinteroftheHouse. tradetoaeoecsarytothecontinuanceofslavery,aatheHe are origin sad to an empty J a g — s dwell-toj,sadtosuutiswdtohethaworkofantocen-tory-toe puatohnast for which a, aoaortfmg tohansM" tow, to he burnt attve. The foreigners fully handling difficult themes, which many men of talent Joecph Storer, who died at Albany in 1777, commander ofcession tbe equality of all men. The revival of toe African aiavaupon the retired Hat, aa most of them are able to ]aad testified that he bid, under the proposals offered side pressure of at toast fifty thousand men, the draw- tbe duties required of them to aay aaurgsney. By aaby Secretary Cobb, to do the government work at New York at twelve per cent Ions than Mr Mclntire, to whom the contract was given. Mr. Purser testified that be showed that he was abundantly able to do the workbacks of Charleston will probably reduce this auxiiiarj- force to ten thousand.examtoatton at the Adjutant Generals observed that the greater number ofit will ba whohava toe the tost throughSir Joseph Paxton, M. PJosephC Ewart,Esq , MPWm Jackson. Esq M P.Wm 8. Lindsay. Esq , M. PThomas Baring. Esq, M PHerbert Ingram, Esq.. M. P faithfully. Had bto proposition been accepted tbe govern- will be enabled to execute with more despatch the ban of them are toe fins gantWenm. to go on hard semos. Aid. T R. T. Hodgson.House Committee on Military Affairs that he to now ready to recommend the raising of a volunteer regiment for Texas. It will be remembered that the Senate appended an amendment to the Hsuso West Point Appropriation bill,providingfortberaisingand supplying of tbe regi- ment naked for by Governor Houston; but the House Committee refused to recommend the adoption of the amendment without the sanction of tbe Secretary of War That officer now comes forward and favors tbe proposi ton. which will undoubtedly secure a majority of the committee in favor of it, providing the Secretary in hieletter satisfies the committee, by tbe evidence he adduces, that bto recommendation has a sound basis.rax CAPnnrsn azxicAS snuMsss.The Navy Department received despatches thia morn- ing frcm Captain Jenkins, who has charge of the prises captured by our squadron aad brought into New Orleans. He informs the Department that he has turned them overto the federal authorities. Their trials will come off with toamonth.IBS ASnaOlTGAMT IJILL. IttoamattestofcommentthattheAntPolygamybillwhich passed tbe House yesterdsy, excepts the District o Columbia from ito operatios, so far as marrying mor. than one person to concerned, but prevents the living or cohabiting here If toe marriage ot toe poly gamut takes place etoewhere. Tbere to, however, aa existing law against polygamy to this atotrictTBS BASSTSTJR LAW.The committee had atoi under consideration the subjectof the Bankrupt law, and there seemed to be anajority opposed to making it retrospective. There to little V naycountry for the regular and undisturbed deliberations of the Conventionluxuries of life for six «r• s"e«ve«n yvearrssaettattoWestern post, five or six hundred antes beyond the froa-By tbe present course, many officers (byabsence of others) are kept from seeingduring a period of from five toten yewa^tola duringpeace,asystemwas adevted grragi»-—-• —doubt bat that a judicious and wboasoasa f*von or nocaus. Congreasman Dimmick, one ofto the Charleston ay declaringbillUntitled DocumentTHsnisms's 1MBThomas M. Tryniski 309 South 4th Street Fulton New York 13069havingretiree Iroa theTbeatevy a n ataa mvoluntary jouri.,•M.lwtai-r lourreleasedwillnotlbcure nev to WttbtoftcB,take Fred Bcwftat.„ m t ^ l T ^ i - t Z**T, * bSbalf of bto Mormon partallT, the wrongs done by a liar bsura of neaarengaged in the effort to extend slavery—the Prestoent, tha democratic party and the Supreme Court The impending crals Is upon us, but the peopk are aroused to take a stand with the lovers of freedom against tbe advance of despotism, and to prevent conscience, right and humanity from being trodden under foot.of the army, or etoe the pay of the officers would have Ml be cut down, to order to support those who would be latelRetiredbillfor tbe Navy,whichoarrial in Baptauaibtobe should Bake a ha bsels.detonate from Utah, Mr sult was that it took years ef ligatoma to correct, evea0 -J* *"'* ^ ^ T l a w t o a n b a t f e f thaa badcoostawatotoei aotman mtaniiy ^ ^ t b el£D. oTtbTSisa^be't feltod w produe, aay mark. »**_^,-7*.*!?MII aw the reduction of every *°."TUS^A•—*"ofoaewideatatime. Mr£ i^dVrieaee of bto pecuhar cnatitaeotB, evidently felt uUtb«Wasmap«mbarBtoBtion. Betabar _treasatos to aae, and to grvebrings bto right arm round to a circle aim. Hehasoalyoaethan can, aad pleadstow, is compelled to toe House that tha bill, tfof tbe bfll of toe Jwffcaary •* sstytatasaatrWtogtolstton. Besidet, I am strongly opposed L BBBBBBBBBB, atosartBMatowaaSsBBto.aaawalba, of nan>orasifeaturestoeseedsofmtoaaddtograce. There-indeed,! www.fultonhistory.com 