lmore ofthischaracter Many questions>send U to >oa to see It and forYork, at....Tl» »»**••" ^MlUwIiaeai "•**{••aklfll affeied,! «yenedatW|>4On «^ mmtkaMM ^III^^SmI^ tnOe br ttM* HaMlialMiiefreasy ^.Jifc^lflJlM Mw u daringkittM to fo AiBt IMfhtri. haadad It to Mr. CamnaaAB. locked the dboe, aad' 'et,one.to another ceil, where be remained all^eiday, bowever, his irons were taken off, and he was transferrsd to his former quarurs.During yesterday all persons were prohibited from visiting him. At night, however, through the kind- ness oftbe keepers, our reporter was admitted to hishasneverbeenwitnessed. Other with It, on each oceatlan.fiagiMMtitliT In ihlpmats to lb* jaiMipalTXACT—BBHOVAI. OP TBB BBPOma r<WT- while proceeding to Bnnniis' cell, thought ithis reach, ss to go into his cell again. This he ae-some fourth« Bfriag liwilBWi. AtoM «r flt»~4o«a iowB kotcl* liMra mnt jwtaristrong, doeiag u 77fSi78—)^1 higher thso yes-tmttj^b*Hni**otud wm,tt» B«)srttT BtnkMti aad tnrtan nTke weekly report fkoa the lastltutlans to tbe eordlBgly did, and taaedlitely locked tbe door,andliving together,after marriage, It appears, tbe reverend prisoner, terday.The advance In theSpecie Freights givesalx9^«Mlift«a Alitaaa,lflMliripftBoard of Governors yesterday showed that the num- again BTsnaai waa dlsappoiaMd, After the officers groundlessly, became jeslous of his wife, and from it a little belter chance duiing tbe opposition, .* tries«Mii|ll«iAt»I«ttaH airilV pwdi. Of Am ftraMflan lat^ aa«aMdk>7lft aggNtalaaCtiMBtyp^' Mpun,the two Tkt larta paaannr atcamers-crease of 133 ssat tba prevloss meeting.with the ntuaber reiMrtedWhile the Clark was read-whispersof accommodation of the existing dUCculties, batI bylieen Cnanr- paid immediately io tbe CityTh«was givelrtD-mt,, I didn't know -vh^ jj<•,»* jMMaW, I* IllUMlllljlll.Mfl M«: ta|I«n pal la, aaf oadargo-compared$A00such stories have been too freqnant to obtain veryresdy believers. State Stocks have been remarka- CU> «t Baltiawf*. bly strong. Missouri Sixes are sold to the extent AsiatraTcL The steamer Xen^ Maiui ^TEca and b now rnnnlng upon her old line to thebeento aarch klm, adding that they had no desire to Injure tedbim. SrsraassassumedanairofU^uredinneceace,and replied tbat It was a shame to a man wlio and suspectbad but a few davs to live of any evil iatcntioB. and persroptoilly declined submitting to a search, deny-law of the character mention-^niWaftba 8|s1ngto Ibedeapmreoculnat'eodfone^foreign currencya-hkli dollarsmtliioa law,WiLUAMS,oftheNew-YorkSlock ing aa their agent there.Bxchaage,act-^— rbytbeoperationoftheSldBt there will be an aceeMlon of two or three(Maaboata of a laall claae to ba empleyad in ofkarbortowlag.file engine could be brought to the grouud. It bad been proposed to obtain Dose from the Fire Depart- ment, but on inquiry it was found that the Depart- ment, so far from having any hose to spare, was sadly In viant of more. The Board decided to fur- nish 400 fcet for use at the Hospital.Ut. O. h. Maxwbll has retired fromfirm of Maxwbll t Dabt, and Mr. Jambs Dabt has formed a copartnership with Messrs. E. N.IDkAXA AB IT -WAM AMD AS IT 18.—The lec.leadg the Warden. any by "Sauce, mannfsctnred by Pisxaa Bionmas, London, can beI, appearedenjoyedmadeup, and Mr. Skith declared that it would cost the;' I never will," exclaimed1Um hiltory of tbaDraaia, taking thehimself and hsipsoke,into his paatalocns' pocket.iBalj by thetkla (Bliieot, at ClintonThe latter said:Stsraxiis, I can have no argu-obtained of tbeir agent in Ihig Cl^, A. J. PAsasa, U Shaw and Rto ba highlyyou had better submitment with you quietly."Nn.ISBeekman-street. ThisarticleIssuperiortotheWorcestershire Sauce, and can be obtained at one- Co.,balf the price, _Simply because they are better than any others In ex-Jakbs brokers.—^"Ifea 'wanted on so small an aadlence.5,755.520 50 $8,831,0i3Ma^H•MHe*antcBett.MMany regrets wera expressed thatit was a heavily- loaded, six-barreled, self cocking SvsFBXss was immediately ironed and removed—ItaatMJ. ^At an election held last CTenin? atthe at Central Park sboald be skatlng-poDdHe understood it was said that tie had In- ttrBded to kill Mr. Fikplay. ** Now," he added, rising la bis bed as be spoke, " they would charge tiial l lu-Gen, SnosaVtaM waa eleeted Colonel of the First Rcglmenktbe stable in the rear of No. 139 Tliompson «hcet. aad beJbre the fire was pat ont the baildingsTuesday of May, IM?, and up to tlie present timeiLnow until two days afterwards, — aCoinsMljiatothey state they have granted 1,1M licenses, and tliatawe dkaisgrrt to the extent of gmosuits far violation of tbe Lloense law have been com-menced persons. Most of these suits1es,87;^ ,300 N,T, Cen, R. .opg 71)40000insuredlo tha 9-^s^^s and Rataer's lasurarce Comcuuvfes. There6 BtU Railroad eoF-nd. Kiver R..s<0—•-.•--*-Vk«M to the out isjory.are still a Urte number have been pending,I» a CABIKBT snop.—choice«f My koyt aad glils, many of them of tender age, expressed similarakiMUabarof larger bojs, who had been utterly Slailsas aad wHhoot resouroes, when they applieding as If he had been asleep. someti3iet>e- loie he could be induced to. converse at ail. He stared about lilm wildly, and affected not to oompre*ing£t Receipts during theMonthTo paymentsSTREET CLEANING.nivrwara wall clothea by the Society, and seemed Durlag the present suspension of street cleaning, fliMaiiilMiaMd with leaving the City. Several of tlie the question is asked whether the City Inspector hasV for help and bomes la the fatfea dasltiljbend that was addressed to him uaul it anything2;stables, aU of whichgets a parcel that's tied up, it's very difficult for himto t» II what's in It until be opens it. Y'ou're a little by the parttps complained of either taking oat a on the catch 1 think, my gentleman, but 1 wilt give8)4 41)4ooontiy.at rcatraf Port the•aDMaiea Arisory,'—'-' scraping sweep-3.000 Mo.ua! duringIf,destroyed.It would aid you In escapingI.OCOUig 80X 10I<lcb.8.fcN.I.R.. eSi7,661,083Fire*.n A HAT rAOTOBT.do ... bCOM!^ 100 Reading R.r3.723 59- 2,251.781 90 2,907,987 30islth Its cbnients, was nearlypart of the bolldijag was occupied as a hatto lake that of another, if necenary, if you thoughtHud B.R.Sd3,tH.<llll.Ceo.R.K<-a g8>t COPiuiamaB.Byhand.In Assist- ..by Javra Nania. His loss is about $1,000 ;Tba upper portion of the bnildiDg wasI would notorany-d) do dopresiding. Major8. Sa.. to Mr. 11,000 do.ton 100do.tfaw-srlndow of the fancy goods s'x>re of Bissau) Lix SAKcais, two of the condemned murderersJuly,aaaann. No. 320 Bleecker-street, In cocsequence of aa«« goods coming in Contact with the Kas light, Aea about $300 insured far >(J00 in the Faenix In-,-—ii>e Ceapany.U A DWBLUKO BOtTSB.Shortly after 3 o'clock yesterday morning, a fire •nka oat In the residence of £, C. Wxst, No. 107 KcafBgtsBavenue. TheflameswereextinguishedbyIn the Tombs, to kill their keepers and escape fromconfine-letter was compared with tbe anonymous one, and it was the opinion of those who examined them that itwas the same handwriting. The fuUuwIng is a copy of it :" Mr. Stephenon—know tbat 1son this morning andjoa to take a copy of it and send it to judge Kelly for i can do nothins as 1 am sbat up here 1 h,ive 00 on,* to doanv for me when tabs a of it send the tiling you copvletter to me aa tust as yoa can itend fmith or seme oftbe men down to me for i see my Councler 1 have nut seen Bostced since 1 here.After the judgment of the Court of Appeals, and be- foie the General Term met to resentence Snpiuird, Judge RcoBAVXiT received the following letter from him:'To the bon Judge Boobctbit I would like verymuch to tee you l<efoie I am taken oat to Court but!ruppoie tbat is what }ou cannot do 1 have not much tosay to you tut I bone the lord will give me grace to helooieonmy way to beaten and I nope vou and 1 sb<»llmeet in thki happy l*nd tWbere we shall part no moreforever Gbd send ibis lobe our happy lot I am inoocsatofthecrimeI umchargedwitnandthelordismywit-Dtss and for tbe letter 1 know nothirg at>oat it if I bad• :f your bon 1 woolo have tjld yoa all 1 roald or new than the whole loan, in addition to which the dis- bat the loro Is the txst Judge of all thiogs and to him Iinsured. Tuefire aaa Mr**^ by a detect in the hot-au furnace.CityPrison, informssayingwant to esseite fiiiasm Damage about $160;0(2S Ward,OH A TVe BOAT.At ri)oat 9 o'clock yeiterday morning a trifling ftw'oeaimed en board the steam-tug eovcrnsr Floy*. ^iBf at tte foot of Leroy-straet. North River.Caraaera* In^aeata. UrrABTICIOB, .aBD DBJlTB nOH BCAIDS.Camman &Co,, New-York,atlOttSO 100.00 lOO.tiJ 100.00 lOOOl 100.15 100.18 100 26 ino.50 loaooTBSMumoreovsKNou.aatsa an ha waated, aad U he woBkl bthw baaktheThelaas^MW B«sday,rsh.l.atlMvABassbargaallvHlbs elotirg aa WstessMwk IS*.ber of teaales rematoing Jan. 38 was 8,304, an In-eonelndcd with teltbig Ma that what they had faUed hell upon earth, tbe hnsband babltuallv exercising a to do taat night must be done on Moada* night and over ker at wblcb Blue Beard himself wouldifSsuCBiswouldnotaidhimhewoulddothework Srnasnb.nyTbeCourtboundhimoverinthesumof blttself4 ,^ to answer Indictment for an assault with a deadlyDuring McBday, bowever, Siircasi was exeeeomg- weapon. ^^^^changeta taka har plaae on ing the requisitions, the Board vras Informed thatinak*. An th»« two more foundlings had been left In charge of the ly troubled at the idea that one of Uw offioerswere read andSupplies, wllh power to pay If found correctare re ce-vedposes,referred to the Committee ontheyby weight'KS^dttanaoalreesaUonoftrsverdaringthe foruseatBallevueHospital.Whenthereporthadupwardsof $1.000 000; abouteJa for there- acartka, are nnderRolng repainweaponthe new cent. It tbns that tbe appearsmads Goyemor Ouvxa stated that with the re-cent arrangements for better ventilation there. InMMcaltowaeonthenorthaboreofLouIsland. In caseoftrethebuildingwouldbe inllataes before aThe contract for beef for thet't^iad the itann to attend. The speaker the Committee with Mr. Benj. T. Weeks, was calledBoard tlViOOO more than the expense of the year be- it cannot dl^^thoogh it may^ fore. The contract price Is $4 7S per 100 pounds for ,ksTeit<pha*e<, iti fuinuid Its eclipse! prisons, and $41 for insUtutloaa Tha Committeestated that the ether bids were bogus.The to remove Uie aoconnt aad propodtloatAlmlliiwit) —A aait iitii MI waa tba almost bMzbaastlble fond of Mr.selMd Stipams by bis wrist and him from preventeddt airing his weapoiuTreasurer, January,S,05«,57306llng and higlily-apprcelated feature ofthey give universal satisfactionthey do all1860:moneya oftbeBoardfromthaMechanics'BanktotheSnoa .natloD from paraonal aeqaalntancejjtl^ UMMt eainant actors of the last halfiaaaeteiei, UlBstratioos, a>d. in aomaI of itslaaf Kenbla, Oarrick, Kean,~~&aUdeMk MsRnadyaiidthegal-thsatiieal Iraisment, were regard- Board decided to reconsider the former action, andafter some conversation the subject was laid over for threeweeks,and Leather Bank vras calledeoasider the decision of the Chairlution to remove the deposits carried by a vote of five members—a:A resolution wss oflisred to invite the Governor of Cnu>BSii'8 Aid Socictt. The Children's the State and the State Legislature to visit the In-Tee-p:ecesPayments Treasury Drafts Post-olEce Drafts.Aid Boelety is nnremlttlng in its good work of send->Hlan<i|isi1lrs nf homeless and destitute children1» Ih^-Waat Hr. H. Fanssiir, one of theb agents.Iril Ik* City yeatorday afternoon with a eoiapsny thought It an nnsectesary expense. Other members•3,736,253 50views, withdrawn, and the Board adjourned.M I ,45a,047 48against 6,628Depcntt and SHtrckMtu •fSitvrr,majoritystitutions,Mr. Tovrassas opposed tbe resolution, but wasMBB. inBBLOW*8 BOOTBIBS WTtJTr. miUons of bottles are now used ta..135,:^ 53^ 3,871,492 03 4,959,601 59willing to Invite a Committee of the Legislature, Former visits bad cost from $j,000 to $7,000, and hethe United Bi'ate* for ehUdrenevewriythyaeeavrer- teething,Jsa. SI, ISCO, Balance By Balance, Cr., Disburs-kept clean, and that handsome Policemen should be mala* tained at the public eipense to Instrnct half a-dozea young ladles In this inrigorating eiercise. than thatall wrong.tMOCOU. 8. Ba, 18I4..ioo3( 450 N,T. Ceo, B7<K..«30 7.H..b«0 74i(38\38^38)4sMsas paymenuthe of the hoe and the rattle of the ing-machine should again be heard in our streets ? Yet all the bills for these expenses are paid, without objections on the ground ofteidedto kill that man, there, (pointmg F., who was also In his cell.] Now,! tell yon the truth; If that man there were in danger, I would protect himto tbe extent of even with my power,that. In3,(K0 6,r«o 6,IK)01SD00 5,000CO.. do.. Oo.. do down 500 .^«oen^ toodoByup,on a motion to r»-09 5,934 SOInstitntlons,byback-the chair betweenDabt &The following is an oiTicial statement of thedeclaringthe reso-•3,0»l,23lof thcee The present.cellHearingthe scuffle, bowever,....110,751 2,3«0.000 ..l«7>lie94 « 63—t*"*«ry;VMat ChrkHM '. It appear* tbat ea tha who baa~beta la tha hwhen the resolution was relLHe found him his bed, andlying uponIt was appear- Only U aenU a bottle.Accounts 92 2,532,042' ware boathe Newsboys' l«1ging.bouse.BuiipiDS.—Late on Monday night, ed his own and whose amount for a few days been suffenag aVerely from aStb drowa herself in the slip at Hamllton-cold, that bis breast pained him, but otherwla he felt toleribly well. Ha was asked whether he badCASvenSMMaat,3Htrnxme'S Patent Champion Kro-Proof Safes,No. 161 Broadway, eoner of Hmray-etreet, oppoeHe City HaU, New-York.MONETARYAFFAIRS. Balea at the Stack Exehaage Jan, 31.949.ti7 22 — 97,421 783,091,231 U9 3.384,641 92293,41083 '656,205 46of age, namedytars MiasianJoing,removed the inspectors of manure, officials appoint, by department, wagesto the comfortable sum of $3 ptr iiem 7 If they areafter some time to deliberate, that be bad takingTo Payments BalanceBy receipts for Customs in Jan,, 1860, 0} receipts for Customs in Jan,, 1859•ExcesslnJan.,1859By Balaitee, Cr,, Bullion aad Expense Ac-count for Ofice AssayBy Coin received during tnestill performing their arduous duties, bow many loads ae "Wmry. 8ha was rescued by tlie Ferry em- of nsnure have they returned to his office, as soldseen what hadIn the Itmfa,aadtakentotbaFirstPrecinctStation-house, sincelast t Isit moreessentialto ofrhcotlngtbewatchman. HeansweredthathebadIpublishednewspapers inasMtodrf datUngwas ramlsbed her. Sue refused ta say what prompted ber desl/e to die.September Then,the health and comfort of the citizens at large, thatonly sten one account, but that he had not read it caiefuUy. So far as he had read It, however. It wasdo would not have had a 3,000 California 8, 7s. g3!i JM do tks lower part of a building on the comer of pounded unless the filth to rapidly accumulating is loaded revolver In your possession unless you bad ]0,rMB,Clty W, L.... ««J4 50 doA brakeoutatabout12o'clockonMonday %•uncoastltutlonality.s3aToand One Hnndredth.etreet. The speedily icmored.miended to use It, either to destroy ybiu own life or 500 do 9934 2S01UohCent. R. ...Coin Inant Treasurer's Office.will be pro-THE EXCISE C0.UHISSI0NER8,The Excise Commissioners express themselvesready to comply with the resolution passed by theyour position, youbody else.Bible under his pillow) that speaks very stronglyagainst Eelf-de3tructloI^ or killing under any clrcunt-sinncts, and 1 would not do it.•adatCtjl^; said to be insured, it was surmised licenses they have granted since their orginization, QuiBTios—Why, then, had you the revolver in your97S MOMt 3MGal. k Chi.By fine Bars ia Assay OfficeBoard ofSupervisorsat their lastmeeting, requiringIB doidO C«mb. Coal Pref.EM rei. & Hud. C. Co 9t 100 da ICO do b30 M ceo do....MabnomfaetOTT by W. KsAPp. His losstiW; aot iasured. The building was val- them to present a detailed account of the number of..IMtkMrtaeawasMtoafire,andthe Police ofthe theamountof to and of poiiesslonTnPacificU.S.Co....77 100 do.... ..sSOMS Totalmoneypaid them, disposition same, together with the number of suits instituted against alleged violators of the License law.how many of thea salts are now pending, how many have been discontinuedandthetermsof discontinuance, Tbe Teateiday morning, between six and seven ^Jwrae of corruption they declare to be unfounded. k, a fie liroke oat in the taay-Ioft of tbe stable tt"^ ? ^''•> *''*y allege, has been paid toAkbvii—Well, I thought I would write a statement6« do.. 77!ii 6 do. ..69)4B9>4 opg 5«)4TW>B<JTMid Precinct arrested Joan Pcrp on sus-the——explaining it a true statement. Sir to-day, but I did50do sso n!<60 350do........cLessdue Depositors Balancethe laeeadiary. He was committed watt anazaaunatlon by Fire Marshal Btaaa.MstoaaChAagdo >aOnot feel very well with this cold I have on me and 50 do... b«0 78 too Clev. A Toledo B. I thought 1 would not do It until to-morrow. Let me 610 N ». Cen. R IaH 403 Chic. A Bk. Is Rn A STABLE,see—whatdaylsthis?RlPoarxB—Tuesday.BnviKB—Well. It will be my last day, as you maySCO do u«o do.... 300 do 390 do....50 do .... 350 do...includedintheaboveStatement,about. 830,00010CO77)tdo....0,047,385 75 ^Treasury Notes received for Custoeos notSua N. Caew, sltnated in the rear of No,)M taUraa street. The flaaes rpread along the berlain. Their Board was organized on tbe thirdthem in tlieu oWnleJ capacUv thAt__ha« not say, and I will write a true statement to-morrow to...(60 74)( at .bSO 74)4 153 b«0 74H 100e30 74i4 xeeiiB MAU.do., do., do..«i»i ...sio e3H ...bsOesKAssay Office at New-York, Jan. 31, 1860.DtfDtUt ofForeignForeign Bullion United Stales BulUonfor themonth ending100 Railroad liquor, or a mistake being made in the names, la all showing all at>ouT. tbe matter, and when you hear It 2.0<'O JJ C. K. 8 per c. 10 ftficb. Ceotral B. iMnirance Patrol No. 2 last evening, aboQt 6 cases, whatever money has been received has been you will say that there was nothing in It. D'ye think lata. S F. C. Bs... 9034 IWW.So A N. la. R.38 S attack, dlseoTered smoke issuing from tba second paid into the County Treasnrv, The aggregate pay- a man in bis senses would believe that by making a 3,C0OM.?u. 1st M. Bs. 7S lUO Fanama RUIrond .131 ments thus tar they give as $30,691, ruction here he Cf>uld get away ? Why, there's big 40O Cum. Coal Pref blO 16 50 di.... .b«0.131 dofis enough In tbe yard there to eat a man if Be 100 do 18 50 do.... ....b3i).i<iV. 8. Bullion (old coins;,800—who revealed thevented the miuder of theand thus most keepers.that he had becomeat tba cocser of Bethune and West to his fate, and should meet death wllh firmness. Mr. , Ineloaed in a sack. Coroner Soaiaiaa held an SDrtoH expressed pleasure at hearing him speak lato him,this way, but said,asae fractured. The jury rendered a verdict charging competed to March him. As the suspicion was onlyikaaaa person vrlthhavliu perpetrated the in- •....ThesaoM Coroner fiivestlgated the dr- icM alteading the death of Wa. Hanar Jsr-Vhe body of a recently-bom female child was , yasterday,addingperfectly resignedCo.,lOu.iOO Savings Bank, Baltimore, at g5 0<H) £uuw Bank, Baltimore, atat, when it waa discoversd that the child's skullnevertheless,that he wouldbetl.ltS.lOOBaayjaariU tyeaiaof age, whose parents reside atbids which the senderknown that about (1,400,000 of bide were sent on9». Ma (aw days ass, by tbe ovartandng of a kettle of hot aasr, that ms death resulted on Honday in soose- taencaam rharired with we shall all meet yet where can be Lid, 1 reaiain your ambla serveonothingdid not transmit. It ieXIag-ttreet, aad who vraa so severely scalded .James 3?epHBNs." The handwriting of the above letter is very differ- ent in general appearance from the one written tofrom beie, snd the list includee timore, so that the bulk of the(125,000from Bal-furtherTbompkob Bbotbersmei.t.tained that Stzpbxbs alone originated the plot, aadUponthat Sakcbzz did not whollKenter into It, as It was hematter,probably pre-100,000 Tbooipson Brothers. New-York.at lOS.noo t»iuiam B. Astor, New-Y'ork,at.Investigation It has been ascer-send yon aline or two to let yoai:Mr. Stnoa, the Warden of theus that he received Icrormation some two weeks since that Stxfexiis had been famished with a pistol, with which he intended to shoot the keeper and afterwards escspe. He accordingly visited the condemned man, and questioned him with reference to the matter. Stifhsub earnestly asserted his limocence,that he could never harbor a thought of injuring either of tbe keepers, all of whom had been uniformly kindwould like If you wouldof a vague character, but a search was partialmsde, and it resulted in finding nothing, although it has since been ascertained that at that time STinass had a revolver suspended from a cord around his body, benealh his clothing, In such a way as to make it fall on the Inside of the right leg of his pantaloons,I avi.allofwhatIamchantedwithanlbeforeheaven and my lord and my sevlour I stand ionoQent of what!patch slates that there were a number of smallTbe penonal pronoun I is in capi-_«m tttmlmt Blglil laat a saaUsafs In the saloon of thought of the occurrence. punctuation in both letters Is apparent, and the stroke The result of the matter is fall as favorable aaFaHea ReiwilBt KniSI.lk ABBBITXD.Mr. firxpfixiisoif.tals In the last letter, while in the former a small ieffected at 100.01 to101, and a considerablewIMaM Tiyin, No. M6 Broadway, was broken On Monday afternoon, however, SAitcnxs ant for acrou the t's In both letters have a striking re- could have beenand is, peaAwnamblance. The letter s is also very similar.anticipated,nndoubtedlyIIWIlaaoaeywaastolen. Amys- ytatm^Sm* oTtta traaacHon was (bat there wereMr.Scriox,producedoneofAixia'ssix-barreledre-Withaviewof out if tha was finding wrlUagmainly owingtothe ofvolvers,heavilyloaded,andhandingittotheWarden STBFBaKS'Mr.Enwj&anMoaaATgothimtogivehtm Wliedaanorsbattera Tbe matter wasplaeed la the revealed the whole plot. Srsrans, SAnonas and a specimen of his writing. He wrote the lollowiagoption receiving registereddescription is more in favor with0mmft byfore-<i taitfar havlna madeMs entrancebonds,aa tbataaada sf BetaetiTas Williamson aad Wilson, aad Arpo, the Chinaman, it appears, wera tbe only crim-words"I hopetbe Lard wilidireet yonthose purchasing for investment. Coupon BondefestadaytheyarrestedKlchardPeterkln,amanwho inalsconfinedinthelowertier:all I want Is fairinallyoarwajs,and weresoldtodayattheBoardat par,andas they•i*?"?'*7'"*"k«^ In the saloon.of cells, or the mur- derer's corridor. THese cells are all conected by a waste-pipe, by speaking tlirough which the occupant of a cell at one end of the conTdor may communicateplay,and that I have not•' got.are now enlitiid to one month's interest, or nearlyPeterkln ad-MIMine aa and broke Saturday night,•Ith a »»edgo-haminer. He then walled•ay aotalBg, aad effected his escape from the buUd- tlg whan the doois wera opened by tlie night watch-BtBKZCLUlO FBOM BIB BlirLOTBB.JaMK3ST£PU1NS." These lines are written In a better hind than the others, but tbe same characteristics, the absence of wllh the piisfiner at the opposite end, 8aj>cbs« and puLctuaiion, the s'sand the crosses to the t's are ob-aMted his aad restored guilt,of•ea«. He sceiated blaself In the upper pari of thepartthe stolen open the safeone-half ul 1^> cent., they actually realise leasuntil Suo-SrxrBiiiB h»ve been la keptadjoining cells for some time and have communicated thus at pleasure. Ac- cording to Uie story which Sahchii related to Mr.6 Sal Mr. Wa. H- Haaard, of No. IW wis and The latter had been The leading negotiations are at to 7A anadla afa alekpwkats Oata psesent at a church sboald ba glvtn to SaacBzc, Sraraus Islt certainIn complying with ae Mr. Fibdut ry that, request,receiviog Inju- come lo the for'Twaaty-aialh iWeet, aaar Madison-areaua, onMCRBAY,"Wednesday'sanday,while Ameral issvloea mra ta progress, aadwould leave the door of bis c«U until ha openshould have deposited the supper In Sufcaxs's room.Sabsbbs waa to nave shot Fuslat as en- soon u hetered theceU. Bnranspreenmlngtbat the raportof the would attract the attention of Mr. (;ds- pistol•The letter ta Judge Boobsvbi.t, tlhe letter to Mr. Bixpuxiibok.instaaUM tbe watlett of amna of those who nimiea, naaed George Shar- ^!^JlS^}»ConMyaadJohnAadetscn.'were sub-SaffS?li^'S\Ji!»'' •'"»•' porte-moiiale, Iden-^BMcedZSaaLP"^^^^signatureslOB^lOS},rulingvery•?%?iew35T?!?°*~ j;gJ«J«ooof«„„„ood.TlrglnlamnQBAH,theotherwatchman,andthathewould iTBMg.—MaboabztSculxt,aresidentofNo.12 Sf.IS],withagoodbusiness.Hamburgh36i^36i,immediately ran to gAacHas' cell to ascertain lucause, was to stand in the door of bis own cell, aad Franklin-place, died yesterday from the effects of in, shoot CmnmoBAa as ba approached. SrsraiKs was temperance and exposure, according to the verdict then to take the keys, and together they were to make of a Coroner's Jury Joan Looam, carman, Cell fromIWASS5CBSZ. The however, 10 the lateose dis- keeper,House ing damage No. 27 Dcwg-atcent, off,MPWITH STiAUKOsnce with his request, was passed in by the keeper toing it. He then took the food to Sabcsss room, placeddiscovered In tbe baament anto 71|, dividend of three m^tfaiaaajoldwateh and chala from iu eit'oT.r was taken Into Tasafd^FTstrua custody biaJJ!'Yard nowwas h3ld forand be U now Mtad aaBiTsii tor examination.uintxttD.Infr, Vou uje no man. You are a coward, who letter addressed by her husband, who is la Rio de Ja-price, fading,tfrnOtmsyv^ King,aetLiid*^^cftn*t own " shoot a man lo save your lifeneiro, toaaothcr woasn BwaoM A man namedadvanced from in the to'•»" "^Mills, The trio was held toAmsterdam tll'SiH Bremen ;their way to the street as best they could, where a dray on Fulton-street, yssterday, and broke one of with much steadiness. Of New-York the dabWlDtheatoreonuil?'"^Church-<ilreet,was StxpbxkshadassuredSascsisthatthreecarriages Central,^^sSSidto the ^a"^*^, •,l"l°';i!'T •"•crerelwould be in walling, one of which they were both to his legs. He was taken to the City Hospital.... The sales, recorded and unrecorded, snm up more than enter and then the vehicles were to be driven off la alarm of fire at about 13 o'clock Monday night pro- seven thousand eberes. At tbe morning Board itdifferent directions for the purpose of confusing their ceeded from a huiidlng comer of Fulton-avenue andpursuersandtogaintime. AccordinglyonSundaynight Srsraias refused his supper, which, in comuli- Gold-street, occupied as a drug store. Tbe fire was 71}, recovering at the afternoon meeting, and sell-A WATCHtime toappclntmen t of Srsraxns .fastened his door before leav- lassttieet, occupied by J. DBaascKsa, was roboed the transfer booh having closed at 2 o'clock, notIt brslde him. and onfastened tbe door of ids cell.man Ifft, Stkpbiics abused Sanchzs and berated him soundly lluough lite medium of the waste-pipe, sar-retiringSiBciui replied " i can't shoot a man In cold blood;Mr.SS} ternoon, and closedmorning S9|ne Isonlyhereasas«officerdoingliisduty,andhelua kicktobispldqnartenfexNdaji.bid him good night, and As soon as the watch-Club has been in thising —recently organized city ...There are only about 700 meo at work in the Navyto reopen until the 22d of February. After thesales of several hundred shares areBoard, report-ed at and it7If®71j, closed with much fimtaeaa" —at the latterwith a fairbaaioess, in tbe af-tray. fee flawkt that ha aeald eat seaethlag htaaetfsiAeslagta&*aseneoa-tteadvaaee,n,eatatiUdnd yeatanlay.iiMnMb(» UOUABBnTBI IBWIlUTltlBB IIIBBBBTOOH- TmnnweattaBsBaBs-BaO,toekoatthatny. teapladea,tbatforckvleasreasonswesnppteatheir nilcdat131 andthatwashU,andw well taplacethe tray opoa a UtUa staad near by, withinrevoldsg details. Tbe parties bare be«a aanled tlirefighatit,fused, andas If be anticipated their errans. Mr. told him tbat they had becomeamount of these coins at tbe mint and Itsthat there waswards as hestill visitors,akaedeping bandRxposTix—TbeStxpbxbb—'.destroy myself, Sir,slO. 131)4.bis. 131^.S30.131.... 131-opg lan..bfloso^ By Unparted Bullion la ..sMesm Assay Office-B~--Uitbepapers.fact Is that when the pistol«^ ti QcxsiioH Youdidnotknow revolverby— ARSWKB Ob, yessight?but then, you know, if a man $118,0002,478 00O-gt,510,00«dmpi>ed,license, making an affidavit that they did not sell you tne true statement of the milter to-morruw, 3.010 III Crn. K. Bb 8«)4 Reading..fwiadaw of tbe building No. 9S Crosby-street,.,_ I by G. Hi»«», catjlnet maker. The doors PROPOSED WIDENING OF ANN-STREET, sliouid attempt to get out. Tne fact is, I didn't intend leu I'aclfic U. S. Co.b20 nii 100 do.... a30.13l Transmitled to C, 8, Mint,147,000and theflaajes were extiusulshed withnot in- Tbe fire was occasioned by a defect In^eIH X TSUKKUrT BOUBC.A number or largeto tiaim row,and I'll tellS30 -7)4 100 d>.... ..bnw.«l h.10 77J4 400 SaL *Ohi. R..l>30 69)4jbnkaain«iswpailBofwater. Damageabout$25property owners opposed to the widening of Ann-street assenibled in Room No. 8 City Hall at 2 P. M. yesterday, the hour at which the Committee on Streets was advertised to meet, but the members of the Committee were not present, and the Clerk declared the meeting adjourned to2 P. M. next Tuesday,anybody,youall libout it to-mor-60 dotoo do6C0y,T.C.H.bMexdiv 7IH 150 do... .baossji 100 doliO do3S0 do*lu answer to a question as to whether be was re- signed to his fate, he replied tbat he was; that lie musi die ob Friday, and that he hoped to meet Ins death in a becoming maimer.:At 4} o'clock yesterday morning, a fire was dis- I In a small tenement house UXlne Hundredth-..pg 71)4 MOCIeve. A To'. B.bio wi pfce 71)4 100 Chic, fe K. L B. . b«j 63)4 opg 71)4;s30 73!f 60 do....m, near Eleventh- avrna«. The flsmes cotnmu- The Attempted Escape of the Harderere.The JPtut of last evening published the following STIFBKMB' ANOKTMOCS I.BITUI.to tbe bnUdlBg adjoining, occupied as a ZFFOBT OF STIFIIEKB TO ISCAPB FBOM TBB TOMBS tskiij by TnoKAB McaasT, and as a grocery store byShortly after tbe trial and conviction of Jambs Sti-W.Bena. Bothbuildingsweredestroyed. Tbetotal kMieabeattS,OM; noinsurance. Thecauseoftne—ADDITIONAL FABTICU1.A8S—STATXMBJjTS OPBAKCBIZ AMD BTirBEMg.Mr, brxpHXBSOir, the former employer of 8r*PHB.-(B,called upon Judge Roosxvxlt, at his residence, and inaconvirisationregardingthetrial, heproducedalet-ter which he had received from Stspbsics, with aviewof that It was not the same as showing handwri'ingloan of 187-i, $l,110,000,at Washington, information ofwhichhasbeenreceivedthisafternoonthrough> AehaaaotlealbeeaLaat avenliig, about o'claek, a fire occurred In the of a conspiracy on the part of Jaxss Srsnuas and Fs-discovered,[nr A TAXOT GOODS STOBB.In yesterday's TiMZS we published an accountthe medium of the telegraph.These bonds bearSTirnns, stepping putting his rightas stock and commissionmy general ImpressionXXI bSO 9054 200doThere is a book here to a small (pointing1have received this Letter frcm anone Per-New-100,000 Thompson Brothers, New York, at." i hope you will attend to this If you Plase" yours JAMES SrfCPHENS."S4.00Uaadthushad eSectually concealed it.were adopted by the Warden to thwartof tbe prisoner to escape, and nothing more was is uwd throughout. The abwnca of any mark of centage ot the bids at par will be unsuccessful.Precautions any attemptsetvuble.During SrzFBXKB' confinement, a preacher namedJn the money market there ie lillle of interest Sdttow, and whK.h be vesterday repeated to our Re- to Albany and called upon the Governor. He told to notice lo-<Iay. While the rates are scarcelythere is no noticeableKhapp iiiteresteo liioiself lo bis t>cbair, ani even wentporter, the i>l«lol that he had was liliu riim that be believed there waa a doubt regarding the so givenchange. cent, on leaded yesterday by Capt. TumbuU, of the weeks previously. The plan of escape had been de- ever, when the fact of tbe attempted escape of call, according to the Stocks loaned on, but somene^. Addl, fannerly a clerk la the employment tome fiftfcn days ago by a friend of Sisroaiis'. evidence of tue Bell girls, and tbe Governor piomisedfirmly maiiilaiued,^ kPreetaietPoUce. He is charged with having. vised meantime by Stspusss, and was to have been tiTZPBBKB was published, Mr. KnApr instantly tele- tisnsactions are reported at 6|, and at evenFront-etreet, furnished with his aomo two to review tbe case once mure. Ttds morning, tiow-ea the tot of July and 1st of•iMaMMsam of money, amounUng In the aggre- accordsnce with the prison custom, prisoners for said IS favur nf the prisoner, in exceptions! cases. A good busbess is reportediae In:Stzpbziis Inf.rmed me this let-side rates on strictly first-clau names. Inmnynmm,bywhomhawaabaldtoanswer. noKrocxBTB ATArtnnBAi."embel^ In onput operation Simday night. It seems that, lu graphed to the Governor, recalling all that be hadDecember,• tefm H. The accused was suspected of dU- whomtheday of execution has been appointed ara s*aaa*cnI«e«kB age, whan he was discharged accorded certain iffimuaities in which tbe others doshort, and 7 to 8 for longer paper, but it ia:watchman, handed 8txp8xbs his supper.tbe latter was Cbablxs saysaf-l-Late on when Hon.J.I. BocBZVBLTSunday eight, Mr. FinnLAv, the ter (marked No. 1*) is his tiacdwrltibg, andnight.:.j didn'tGoU. It 000^»tfg^'^^" Sirrroa satisfiedhave aWilliam-street, opened bratich office at No.PiBZ.— Skates to saltbad been several times repeated. To an Inquiry as Skmte Emparitm. Moonlight skating parties fittedbeenrelation to his baring had a revolver for the purp>selife." seems to be-scesoji1,870,671 38in Fme Bars. 773,258 90— 2,643.930 2850 doTusspAT, Jan. 31—P. M. The principal financial event of the day is pniKB of tie murder of his wife by polsoniug her, the award of the remainder of the Governmentthat in which the anonymous letter offered In evi-dence on the trial was written. Subsequently the first of^below,Mr. McBBsT, on Monday, ant the following expla- in commercial paper, at 6^ to 7 ^ cent, fornation regarding tbe apparent differeace in the writ-, lad since that llae tha amoiut of the not particlpats. For instance, they receive three ing_-_jbeM aaeectalnad. He was taken be- meals daily, while the other prisoners gat but two. „ , _ _ _ JaacAar as, 18S0. somewhat more difficult to realize the out-te feign loss of appetite, and that tbe food loW'Priaov.er,named UAkHBALt wrate'tbe.let<er foreign exchsngo the busineu has scarcely request marked No. a.t in consequeuce ofhin anwas discharged from the Penitentiary a few FiM)LAThaanev(!rin1ure'lme;hedldnotbringme andashewasleavingbestoleMveiaiarticle*ofatloErie, HarlemliaVilto«ltl«,PBh)lihad in yeetaiday's Tun, it h^re, ap(] |, ^^g tmponslble for tlie position I am in ; rintbipg. He wa* arrested, and yeaterday was seat and Hudson Biver there was only a trilling bus)-seatat8^,9iandUi,seUerthirty^daye, HailemThomas M. Tryniski 309 South 4th Street Fulton New York 13069to his hand. Bmpectru ly. fcOWARDup expectationssteamer, but on the whole rates have been well maintained. On Ixindon, bank and bankers loss's 109, commercialnearly up to bank for the best. On Paris f.5.221'3BBOOKLYN INTELMCENCE.muchMoiHiay night of clothing valued at $M. ... A Skat-preventA woman named HAMKoantrial by Justice Coaawau on a ebarga of opening a—d was extinguUhed indays slnoe,39^^39}.Untitled Document<oflag besttag. raaslng the Mead teapirt ftea the anlh eredat the do**.rage,selaedharaid laiaad ears of tha prostraa aad laeeBelhle woaan. TlaeawBrtscaU featma soyears, snd cnce befon had a separaOoa, bat tbrougb the efforts of mntaal frteade, beeasM re- conctlrd snd went to A short' tlia*\kao left, Srspaxira mamed his abuM of SASonaa, and that time on the poor woman's life has been a perfeel and there are some of aTeatOBla Circassianfaltao CityefMaaekas'r. Nova Sootan amcrtea .,wonidId. iHth a fair Governors, The Infants were turned over to tbe be shot, and to prevent it ex|>oeed toe plan to Mr, Mr. Bnowden, Director of tbe Philadelphia Mint, of more than a hundred thousand dollars at tha BreiB^adarlnsfatherly care of Mr. Kxuoaa, Superintendent of Out- side Poor.writes:By tbe law, unlea It Is repealed, we weKircr Bnarare In ue han<ls of ~ondTennessees at 87} ; California at 83}, and North Carol'mas at 93}«9t. Bailroad Bonds were rather inactive, but not lower.MeBBTB. SrvTOK & Wainwbioht, of No, 37generalcommunity stock, loan, note and exchange business, A. D. have been relieved frmn this and mutila-Surroii. To bis statement entire credence was gives, aa bis conduct has been imexceptlonekle since bis iBCarceration. As soon as the plot bad beenrevealed"until the 31st of Feb.,CanadaValMa UagdoBs..at their aom- with Mr, CcBMiaaBAM tbey entered SiBrasas' cell. iDal value by tale and pay out tbe newoent tlwrefbr. He was sitting near the door at the time, but arose as If the owner nf such coins desire it, payment may be waatktr, Ikey antloipate an early o?enlng resolution sppioprlatlng t2S0 a year for such pur- tha eatered—drew back his chair aiul stood mai.'e by the mint in sliver coins but lo sueb easesat 80i'2>81. Virginias closed at 92fS)93} ;Amad and otherwise reSttedfor ____^„„ campal^xu From the pres-carriagehire andA number of small bills, farrefreshments, ordered ptior to the sdoptlon of tbeMr. ScrrcR sent for Sheriff and In KsuT,oompany Spanishiinettlon;andlnc]udli>g Asay and paid for perto iJbaaT. Tlie Ntw »rarU will lake ^ifka aM route a< aoon u nivlgatlon opeu, rcStiad ud restored. The taaUer rteaai-in their boslnenby A report was made in favor of fire hose '^BStafekeen Intemipted procuringparty up behindIt. con- His manner was muchbe stood his visitors, intently eyeingnot by tale. TheI8tl, and Mexican col^ hibranches, thepurchasoefdfice,ounce'M 34 OuO B. City 'to. Loan.lOO0^0 Tennessee3,000 Cal. tstate 7a.... 83)4 7.0C0Va 8tate6a fiii\troN.'V.Cen Ss... .91SiliOHar. K. Prer..11,20014.000 33S V.s.Bulllon reontalned in gold; 2«.000interest at the rate of 5cent., payableon theandbidders are to be issued as iDBcriptions. AnnexedJanuary18 a list of the bids, as communicated to Messrs.tICO.OTO Thompson Brothers,*vCampbellIS,(1P0150,CfKl Trevor & Colgate, New-York, at 10(1.000 Trevor & Colgate, New-York, at 100 IHX) Lockwood * Jo,, New-York, atJS.tCO Milne i Co., New -York, at25,000,Milne ,b Coa.'V.WiO Milne * Co., New-Vork, at 25,000 Mime 4 New-York, at,New-York, at"VThe above it will be seen adds up $85,000 moreentitled to the same ac- crued interest, were quoted at 101 to 101 J.than psr,whileregistered,78^78|.The Stock Uarket haa been rather active for the times, and has ruled firmly throughout, cloeiogopenedat 74}, snd was sold down to subsequentlybound to reeeive thefirst bosrd, at 80i®80j, and were quiet at the sec-111 sliver coins, isconcealedabouthim,and,as t:00,000havebeenreceivedbytaleinexohangefor 273Broadway,forthetransactionofathathehadathe law Impesed the aecessltv, they had eomefAdvSftlMWeat.1LoNDOX CttTB Saccb.—This nnrivaledthebusiness at the Office of the Assistant Tbe movement was observed by Mr. Sottoh, who HoiLO'WAT's Pills. Why are they so popular? V. S., New-York, during the month ofhim by tba neck, and tbe two, after a avere struggle, succeeded in overpowerlsg him. No other person was prewat at this ume, Mr. CDasiKaBAa having remained in the heAt tbe same momentSheriffExuvcaught;resoove sicknessand balance they Byistencethat is claimed for themgive health and strength. Receipts during the month;;Customs tAllSlUllMMl.} Patent FeesD —Httsbab to Obdib. ^To-day this excellent and Post-oBcs Departmentbut a mcsnent.returi.ed, and Stipbzhs having been forced to relax moral comedy will be repeated at Baahum's Mo- Transfershis hold upon the pistol, Mr, C. took It from bis pock- BBCM, both in tbe afternoon aad evening. A oaore de- Miscenaneouslightful productionTotalfailing sneeess. Relief ! immediate and eertala.[A«vwe«wnt.]Ball Up—Good Bbatiro at thb CbbtbaL1,429,464 9e- 3,962,107everyliodyto the coucition of his health, he answered, out Coxovxa * WAixna, No. 3M Broadway, Bv Balanre, Cr., Interest Accounts 1,046.439 oo..SCOXO do... ..b3a 7i)iMonthFine Bars received the MonthTotalTo payments in Coin,878,058 31Ml 3,000 Frie lt.C. Eds '71 27!< luo do saoosig4.OOOC.&T0I 8.F. Bds. 55 SO 23 Continental Bank. 97^ tn106Har;em Railroad..Coins 34 Foreign Bullionand at the of the option.100.01 ..10p.03 1110 0(0 Thompson Brothers, New-York, at. ... I((0.«7 100 13 101.00 29,I.CS Ward, Campbell & Co., New-York, aLIOil.06& Co., New-York, SLlOll. II ard, Campbell & Co., New-York, at 100,21 M,ron Ward, CampbeU * Co., New-York, aLlOO 20..By Coin in baiMJ, In Assay OlEcewill be negotiation ^bhaoss^Balance264,057 0879333,27268— 7,894,356 473225,5981,378,157 91— 1 .403,756 239,289.11278 250,725 95131| adted at*the close. Pacific Mail waa active and9)4 Foreign —Balance,504,060 42(3074?,100 do., . .stOS33474H 100 do., ...bi6 t^\ Statement of business at the United StatesC. under the title of Fbork,Total deposi Is, payable in bars. 647,000Total depo9iis,pa]rablelncoins.l,910,000— 2.559,000 00Rold BarsFhlladelphia,forcoiBage.... 867,395 29 ValXLT AVUASIS 01 IBS rBUASBUBU BASIS.Jsa. 90.S73,00S 601.944 S4'l,647 23i,000 234,948 235.000 an,9'3 137 7«J 1&4.0S8 253,124 14» 191 153 923 288,663 99,438 tiVO 109 110 93,057 «4 711 S2IMstamped 833,930 37,t^' *£rr-«^- »Tia..jp?** www.fultonhistory.com 