 MM|aD new States shall be as to sias at may he practicable, anaconvenient boundaries and naturalaad shall not bo leas than sixty nor more man e „iu>j thnnaaaa aaoaia miles, except to ease af hwaeta waiui:Jf AoftheSauteSelect Committee.to the•imtotheTHE NEW YORWHOLE NO. 8876.MORNINGEDITION-THURSDAY, WfZliTtl DOfCLAfi' FLAS.Heto M. 0M» !iketo be the:;j "•toi«*£J5aSrt-i£3*S0h»H i.ttappuuixlLhad s a t . since She 17th Mmrch, I860Smee General Cam blhatopart men thavefrommarked cotauderation which ctol intercourse.visiwDae.i of the two Congi national select comThe'aaliafaetoryThecounts from Maryland Vtrgtnia mm otha (Mates.that they will be aMa to come to may !aa the extreme SouthernersSec 4. The second aad third clauses of the second section of the fourth article of the constitution, whjeh prorates for deiivering up fugitives from justice and fugi- tives from service or labor, shall have the same force ta the Terrttortea aad new States aa in theStatas of the Union; and the said cameo in respect to fugitives fromjoatice shall be construed to include all crimes committed withm and against the laws of the State from which tha fugitive fled, whether the acta charged be criminal or ant in the Stat.- wl ere the fugitive was found.Sec. 5. The second section of the third article of the constitution, in respect to the judicial power of the (lulled States, shall be deemed applicable to the Tarritorkw aim new States as well ae to the States of the Union.i i i n i xxv.Sac. 1. The elective franchise, and tha right ta holdoffice, whether federal. State, Territorial or municipal, shall oot be exercised by persons of the Africanwham or m part.s e e 2. The United State!shall have power tofr« 0; i me to time, district* of country in Africa South America for the eaaaasatttoa, at the expense of i ie»icrui treasury. of such free negroes aad mulatto—the s* vera! States amy warn to have removed fromInn ite, and from the District of Columbia, aad such other ptii-t f aa may be mater the tartodh'ttee of Omar-ess.in in. places under ite exclusive jurisdiction and i n u t » tl n the limits of States that permit the holding ofSec. 4. Coagress shall have ao power to abolwhwithm the Dwtrict of Columbia ao long ae it extott adjoining Statea of Vlrgmia and Maryland, orwithcat the consent of the inhabitants, nor compensation first made to such owners of slaves as i consent to such aboitohment Nor shall Congress at any time prohibit officers of the federal government ar memhers of Congress, whose duties require them to be to raid IJtotriet, from bringing with thorn their slaves aad heidmg them m such darter the time their datms may require them to remain there, and afterwards taking them from the District.Sec. ft. Congress shall have no power to prohibit ar hinder the transportation of slaves from one State to another, or to a Territory m which slave* are permitted by law to be held, whether such transportation be bynavigable rivers or by sea; bat tha African slave shall be forever stupi uesed, and It shall be tee duty of Con-ram to make such laws aa shall be necessary to prevent the migration or liiipaMslbta of owing service or labor into the United ly foreign country, place or junadiciianTHE PBOCEEBINGS COMMITTEE.SENA TECRISISbavtog at least one reading of it.Mj£Basnrthen read the ordinance himselC It pro-foltows —theOonventions of the secedingslavehoWing States of the United State* unite with South Carolina and hold a Convention at Mmrtgomery. ttobama, for the pur-of forming a SosSJhera Cnsjfederacy.sdtog States appoint by theirrespective flnmiiHftoj) ar Legtotonrres ae many delegates they aswVrnlpanffitsafves to the present Congreas of the United Stetasfte-Mte said Convention, to beheld at be adoption of the assstitu- tfcmof theSflaalarffwMtedaracy, the vate shall bo byTkvd—That whenever the term? af the constitution shall he agreed upon by She said Convention, the sameYork, by the State of by some of thethat of the Southwest 1by some of the Bow Yorkyet been received in that city: but all < it will be there ui due time. Missouri is ito repudiation.—& Lotti* Democrat, Dec. 22.A Taut Was Lmcout—James P. Lane, of Indiana, publtobes s narrative of an boar's conversation wtth Mr. Lincoln, in which he says:—to reply to my inquiry as to Mm trash of Mm rumor that he iatended to make public to some shape his views of public affairs at this juncture, he said that he bad as much curwsiiy to know what kind af a jn wnissuniswer as a b a n for permanent peace.Mr. P a r * cffered the following resolution,THE STOLEN INDIAN TRUST BO rjtJTJMCTIOM AfiAXJR- THS BANS OF THBAXB ITSmuch comforted by private ac-NORTHTO L U '[from the Wilauagton fS. CL) Taptmai Horton.of the achaaaarwas ordered to leave the port offor expressing abolition sentiments self a Lincoln man, and who left Jacksonville, l b . , arrived at this Boon. The news of his expulsion been received bare by thethat ha was waited on by someand instructed to leaveof one of the vessels of Jonasand another vessel—the K. Wmate firm, being about to sail far changed with Captain Tucker, of flat left here yesterday for his mareFLORIDA.F Aiiaaus rxLLTHG orr.a grantest is attributable to the coaditioBof the country, to the asarcitv ofthe scrutiny which to aaawsaaal osar Mmto aa persoas from theNorthern States.MTBSOTJRI.THE STaTKYesterday the tost af theretired from the 8tate Depart from dtottogutmhed sasMbssssa including the representatives who evtooe for him thewtth their ofltAn addrem orauthority, to submit to the memoers of theStates for their slsjsattasas, reaaaatiag the-tates, by enactment or otherwise, to appointsinners to meet at Battmmre oa the 13th of Febrvmry.for conference relative to the secemiOB of all Urn cotton Mates, and devise a programme of aetion for the border States m oam of such at emergency. It to thought, how- ever, that oot all the members will sign it, but still there will be aaaaah from eaab delegation to mduce afavorable response from their respective Slates.the sloop-ofwar Richmond, sit ached to the Med iter i anean squadron, baa asked and obis haul laave to return home.OF THEThe Senate Committee of Thirteen had another meeting to-day. and discussed further the general subject of re- oucihatioB. hot aothmg was adopted which would an-which ha hold to ho aaceaau-y as an eiementary principle of say adjustment that would satisfy the Sooth, aajam It anadivtoMm of Terniortes —Resolved. That it shall be declared by amendment of the constitution that property insuch by the local law of any of the States of the Union, 'hall stand on the same footing in all constitutional aad federal relatione as any other species af piopmtj aa re- cognized and. like olher pi upai ty, ahal not be subject to be div< sted or impaired by the fecal mw of any othereither m escape thereto or of transit or sojourn ofthe owner therein; ani to no earn whatever ahaH eachD s c f f i -M ,MM.a iimanwr of merito- ia tha State who are citisons by adoption, and that then were a wall founded apprehension totheir minds as ta tha extent ofThere ware two mstjhann by which indlvidasto could be-coase citisens of Saafh Carolina—by birth andBirth gtves im<; uaHfied eitisenehip to the State. and a re- lative uMaamshlp ia the United States. By naturaliza- tion persons wars amde citizens, aad by virtue of beiug guc^ were madecitbamsof Sooth Carolina. Ial833the ooMtitution of South Carolina was amended,and foreigners were required to take an additional oath of State—one >if true alegiaiice to booth Carolina, or so kmg as they con- tinued citisens thereof, aad sometimes in another me-Mr Brown said also a period be adopted for ate subject I don't mean nor eoninvoluntary citisens of those acciden- mlly domiciiated at the period of the adoption of theOrdtoaaea of Secession.Mr. Ksssuno moved that when the Convention adjourn to-morrow it be meal aba late proximo, or until such> crtaw excite no particular interest, as it amy imiilais lam flam Mat amount.uropei ty be snbjeat to ho divested or impaired by any tmMtaaton, or whan, after arrest, said fugitive was legauative act of tha United States or of any of the Ter- rescued by force and the owner thereby prevent-a member of the Liberian Congress, i* now steward af a that are sow to their i-Tit\morwe thereof.The republicans voted aaaaaaamahj agsiaat thus reao-mtxm, and all the others tor it.The following niaiuiMmiii, offered by Mr.the rapuhlicaaa all voting ia the negative aha rale.ed aad obstructed to the pursuit of his remedy far tha laeewery of bia fugitive slave under theaf the constitution and the laws made m pir to aQ such cases rhen the raited they snail h a v theof the constitution shall article, nor the third para- of the first article oftheof'Wtem. and nomade to the constttutiori which will authorine or give to Cbngress any power to aboJtoh or m- lerfere with slavery m aay of the Statesi byrvr"hoae law- ittoor may be allowed orTHE ALLEGHJLST ARSENAL EXCITEME5T.Pmaw.au, Bee M, li«B. The guns have not yet been sent from the Alleghany Arsenal bat the public mind is still agitated upon thewill be revoked by the Secretary of War.WJLSHIIVUTHN . Dec. M, MM.The War Doparte.ent can take no action to reference to the recent movement at Pittsburg until official infor- mation shall be received from the officers in charge ofhotel to Keokuk, Iowa.MtouaraoLT Smcma or a* tovaun.—Onrooer O'Keefe to hold an inquest yesterday, at the,tteafarlother property; provided nothtog hereto waitsmod shall be oonstraad to limit or restrain the right now betaaging to every State to prohibit, aboitoh or estshHah and pro- tect slavery withm its limits.Third—That persona committing asanas against slave property to one State, and floetog to saetanr, snail ha de- livered up m the HIme meaner aa pother crimea, aad that tie tows of the Sane fromsuch persoas Uee shall bo the test of criminalitySeveral asembers iffiaisil resolutions recognixtog the duty of Coneywas to pam tows to suppress and punish in- vasions of one State by another, aad the ftttiag eat of hostile expeditions of one State against another- for this provision the republican^ were aQ willing to vale, but in consequence of an amendment engrafted on the propuailton by Mr. Toombs, attend tog the principle toany act against tha tows of natams. the republicans voted it it, and it was lost under the rale.Mr Toombs submitted naitthar resolution, to the effect that fugitive slaves shall be sarrendered, under tint tow of ISaO without being entitled to writ <£or trial by jury, or obstruction of any tow by State Ls- atototnra.Against this Mr. Seward and ail bis friends voted.No action was taken an the programme of MrIt seems to be understood that tus mate p'npwiaton, ta reference to the government of the Territories, wfB not be seceded to by either side.Mr. Crittenden intimated a desire to modify his first propoeitioo, the Maaoari lino.The committee them sd^maaa to ten o'clock onfriday, to g.ve him an opportunity to do soThe prospect of a settlement is by ao means bright, and yet if the freaahlirans would only agree to a dtviakm of territory of tha United States, as proposed by Mr. Crittenden, by which the North would gat nine hundred thousand square miles, aad the South about two hundred and eighty thooaaad square miles, it to believed the whole difficulty would be settled to thirty days thaw, Mad thewhalecountry tenteredtopeace.Tli •isilmi m the assasMatoa friiai the cotton States wiliingaam to acespt thatI tha iisinhliriss would odor it and go far it ta good faith.The South Osroaaa Ctasananiaasrif are saw (MP. M)»by adjouramaat to Charleston, and there by dl- tesheMth day of December, ttmaameAs Carouse-TOaaxaamaawasea or naeCaaassxa.Whereas. It to doe to our iato confederatesRussell. Major aad Waddefl wtth the Bank of the Be-Monday, for the Bank of the Republic to show saass why the injunction should not be (THE KUatMEM OF THS MT8BING BOltDSIn the list of the mtosmg bonds, pubttohed yeatardar. it was stated teat Ml jsM of six par cent hssatoaf teeStale of South Carolina, interest payable m April aad Oc tuber, were also abstracted from the Dsparaanatt, the numbers-of which would be given to tha pabho aa aeon asmay Union, with or without sav an equality with all exshall be entitled to the of tha United the to extend to sayionThe MB charges teat She above 1 an iron safe to the Departasssttefthe Alleghany arsenal.guas was recently issued, and directed them to be at Ship Island and Galveston by the tone the defensive works at those pom ta. though unfinwhod, may tie ready to receive them. The appropriation for the purchase oi""the oannon was long since made for the purpose above stated, aad the order far their removal teittsr was ta accordance wtth haw sad regatotton, without any reference whatever Ml firtttrrsj ffT.'llf SSTTTTHE PEOPLE OF ALABAMA DECIDE IN FAVOR OF SECESSION.MasnwMMtY. Dec. M , 1800. all aba counties m the different sections of MMState, teas farreceived, indicate that straight out has swept everything b y fifty thousand, inlast, West, Middle and Southern lanterns Hardly opposed to aspirate State action has been elected.The majority in the Convention for immediate secession will be at toaat fifty. Alabama will follow South Carolina on the 10th of January.To-day passed off very qa isMj. No disturbance amongstestrasssstonatMmIasMaSaro, to convene onthe latefound deed-in a miserable shanty at the corner of Sixth avenue and Fiftieth street yesterday The remains were taken to the Twenty-second precinct station house to await the action of the Coroner.TJOAL FALL.—William Fletcher, s native of England. B flThat:—NORTH CakOLIN A STAT* SOWDS ISBTJXD Of OCTOSXR,1856, PAYASLS IS THLBTT TSASS, nreEsffiHT ATBIX FIB CENT, PATABLS IN AITUL AMD OCTOBEB AT TBI BAXE OF THE BaTTTSLIC MTW TOSk.Ao. No61 10662 12253 12354 12495 B»96 12887 12TM 128 M4 MB UP 09 1» 165 m M0Bonds Has. 9 aad M, dated April, M*7, bavtog testy years to run; aad the feUowtag. dated October, 1*67, having thirty years to ran, aad interest payable ia April and October ae above—Net, l,ltt, 14*4, lJM, 1JM, 1J87, 1,188. 1489. U » , 1 0 « ) i a M , l , A » , l , l S e , 1 4 » « ,of January._ _ _ _ _tammeam "AaataaBypresented temafteraoaifor the benefit of the Nurasryand Child's rissgstal, The novels at the attracttoas. MB the ashes eejast tar which thev are oibred, ahonid fill tee boose to otaiaw-toahaving bm-gtonoasly entered tea Stork. No. 197 avenue A. in.aad stealing therefrom M 49 worth of]ho caaght the •ornasd apse of the stolen goods to hisof «see ilocfam Annette Dowling. of No. M l fore Justice EeUy that a satXbe enter for Mm removal of teedate of tee ordinanar of secessfcW Fvf» holding office 1CONVENING OF THE TEXAS LE61SLATUBE BY GOV. HOUSTON.New Qaxaaas, Dae 26,18*».will convene an extra session of tee Texas Legtototure on the Xtst of January, to consider the present crisis. tothcpaimlcwuibeheldontheMthoffor the compensation of the officers and other ex- be pawl mm the Treasury of the State of South for the uas at asid State, subject to the order ofor ol the General Assemblyofficers aforeaaid shall retain in their_ all property of aha United States ta their _ ucustody or control, subject to the disposal of the c, who will aewmntfor the -same upon aftnalseitle-with the goveruaeent of tee United 'Done at Charleston the 28th day of December, to tlaf oar Lard H*).[Signed] D. T. JAMBON, President.[Attest] B. F AnrHT*. ClerkThe obligation of seeresy was withdrawn.A MOM CAMOUJCA S,C,Daa.thettratdayaf ^rnetoao aa to avoid aay dMa*lty ta Usenwol. < fairiv stiff on the evening of the ITth,Thomas M. Tryniski 309 South 4th Street Fulton New York 13069time as thePresident should order it to reassemble, l a i doflered an ordinance providing for the hold- ing of a Convention of the Blavehoiding States of the United States, for the purpose of framing a constitution and farming a SiiiilhmII laafsilisaTTnad movad to toy it on the table withoat readtog it.Mr. Mrrrr-^F- daabtod if there was authority far re-cotvtog apapar to a psafis delibenttive manaihly wtohoat way of interest, payablethe South wanted and wished as the South had to knowSec «. In addition to the provisions of the third para- shall be submitted, at as early a day as practicable, to what kind he would make, if he made one at all. "If terye/igraph of tha second section of the fourth article of the constitution. Congress shall have power to provide by law. and it shall bo ite doty so to provide, that the United States shall pay to the owner who shall apply for it tha fuD value of bto ragftivo same to all oases what the marshal, or other officer, whose duty it was to arrest said fugitive, was prevented from ao doing by vJBJsjsjjj or in-tha Convention and legislature of each State, respect Ivelv, s s s a to enable them to ratify or reject the said oaaattte- tfOB.they would suppress Benjamin s speech because it con tamed oawanto from my speeches. which ho considered conservative, is it likely," said he, "teat they wouldranstitution of the Carted States will ffijsm a suitable basi* for the confederacy of tee SwutberjjMeatea withdrawing.FiflM—That the Soath Carottonjppsatmn appoint by ballot eight delegates I i ii|ii ssjMJasili "iiilln in HiLam—lhat one oeamowaionar aTaaeh State be elected to call the attention of the people toaato ordinance.Mr. Danaa hare moved that the Convention go intomight now write?''Frances H» LSVB—George Caldwell, a negro formerlyants—the Bank of she 1tog wtth or disposing of any ofThe Convention sat m secret sessionwhen it adjourned till ten o'clock to-morrow.The foflowmg ordinaaee was passed in the secretcuiwife and family to lament bte untimely end.Unooxnm Braon or Foci PLAT.—The body of a sailor, named John Mathews, was found dead in tee yardof the presatoss Ho. 37 Cherry street yesterday morning under circumstances which excited the sospictan af the police. Subsequently, however, when the matter waa investigated by Ceroner O'Keefe, It was shown thataf tee Convention thai evening—At a Convention of the people of the State of South Ca-Untitled Documentt athe United States of America, aa also the citisens of death was produced by aa accidental fall. Deceased itSoath Carolina engaged to commerce. that no abrupt or appeared, was intoxicated, and falling from bis bedroomsadden change be mage in the rate ot duties oa imports window died from th< effects of tee injuries before hisinto the State; aad whereas, it to not desired by this situation wa.« discovered. The jury rendered a verdict ofState to secure advantages ta trade to her awn ports above tease of aay of She atovebokttag States, her late oaufedorates ta the asW Union, and whereas, this ordi nance for coasideratioBS indicated, to designed to be pro- viMonal merely, therefore, we. the people at South Caro- lina, in COBTOQtioa asssmhled, do declare, ordain, and it is hereby declared a_«ttataed,JV*\—That an ciuserrf o/ that State, who, at theconnected with tha Customs, under the eeW- goven< mentof the United States, within the limits of ^°>un Carolina, he and they are hereby appointed to hold, under the government ot that State, exclusively, without aay further connection whatever, with the Federal govern- ment of the United States, the same offices they now fill until otherwise directed, aad that they receive the same pay and ematumeute for their •*prices.Tuiauf That until this eonventior. or general aasembly ghall otherwise provide. shsH appoint to all vaeanciesi which may occur to MSM offices,Tkird—That until it to otherwige provided by thin Con veotion or tha General Assembly, the reveoue collection and navigation laws af the United States, ae far as may be practicable, be, aad they are hereby adopted all made laws of this State, saving that no duties shall be collected upon importe from the -tales forming the late federal Union, known as the United States of America, nor upon the Vramagt at vessels owned in whole or in part by the citisens of said States, saving and excepting the act of Csagrem adopted on the 3d day of March. 185: entitled -An act authorising the deposit of the papers.)! foreign vessels with the consuls of their respective na tions, ' which said acttohereby declared to be of no force within the limits of that State.Bmrth—All vessels built in South Carolina, or else- where and owned to the amount of one-third by a citizen or citisens of South Carolina or any of the slavehoiding commonwealths of North America, and cooamaaded by cittoena thereof, and ae other, shall be registered aa ves- sels of SouthCarolina* under the authorityof theCol lector and Naval othcar.fifth—All official acta of the officers aforesaid, in which it is usual aad proper to set forth the authority ander whiefa they act, or stvk of documents issued by them or any af them, be in the name of the State of Soath Caro-seV-All moneys hereafter collected by any officers that Gov. Houston aforesaid, shall, after deducting the same noormsry• accidental death.'' Deceased was tweaty-ive years of age sad was a native af Ireland.'"•Mr M. V. B. Wueoxson,! JSmrffi That to the opinion of South Carolina, the con- make public to the masaea of tee Sooth anything that I the Court granted.No, law Wasnames ofthe' Hamate, namely,0;atx]astolt h eTaaaasaass i x iof tha bmttoattaaunder treatmient for etoease of the spam, aadtog to fail gradually he bemaae quite despondendays ago the attending physicsm informed him that hi? disease waa incurable wkaeh ao dtohearteasd hhn that be determined to commit satoide. Aeeordtegiy oa Sun day hat he procured a raaor, and drawing the blade across his throat, injured himself ao severely that heasarl, North Mtoseuri State of Mtosonri. HamStatemd bottsn m Cotambw. on tee 17th of Deyear af oar Lord M a aad tbaace con died oa Tuesday night in eassequeaee. Deceased toft a pablte.FOUND DXAD.—The body af an unknown man was a list of tee same could be pi nasi al. *TT—* to thetend tif** - ff J**»»> *** J^steraay at No. 23 Harrtoen street. from the effects' 9f ifaU received while intoxicated. Deceased, it appeared, was a& ending* S fllfht of stepsIM ME M l MB 106 1TO ITSwhen he fell backwards and fractured his skull. ner O'Keefe held an inquest upon the body.GOTOMr. C Brace, of kngiand; A. ti. and E. R Capel, of Canada, and C. Higginaon. ol Boston, are stopping at the Everett House.E. Salomon, of How Orleans; George Bacon, of Boston i. J. Monefi and wife, of Newburg, and Mrs. J. B. Carlto,ol Paris, are stopping at the Brevoort House.Dr. Jewett. of New Haven: Dr. J. A. Wtokto, of Savsn i.. h; A. D. Patch n. of Buffalo, and N. Wheeler and wife, or Bridgeport, Conn., are stopping at the St. Nicholas BOWLHon. W. C. Reynolds, of Kingston; Hon. D. R Wal- bridge, of Michigan: L Shedevant, of New Orleans; E. H. Downs, of Havana; S. B Pierce and family and W. H. Mnyhew sad wife, all of Boston, are stopping at theiter Hoose.J. P. Bomaia. of Maryland : C. L. Jerome, of Now Orleans , W. Hatbway, of Port Bwen ; g. C. Emley of Memphis. Tenn ; H. Patchin of Vermont and W. D. Bebrens. of Virginia, are stopping at tee Metropolitan Hotel.MayorW.H. Cranston, of Newport ;H. Johnson, of Rome ; Ramon Turrull and Joan D. Borrego, of Porto Rico ; Charles H. Hawtoy and E. Leeds, of Stamford, are stopping at the Lsfarge House.G. Pratt, of Connecticut John H. Pool, of Sew Jerrev A. W. Sanford, of Hastings ; W. P. Fetridge, af New To*, aad Mrs. J. B. Palmer aad daughter, of Prori-Rev John Bratoard, of Derby,and family; of Providence. R I. J. M. ay; A- Mtoan, of Lockport, Robert " John M. Seabury, of Bridgeport, and New York, arc stopping at the UnionLockward. of the United States Mary; Lieut Coffin, of Philadelphia. T. J. Vail, of Connecticut; E. A. Cahoon, of Vermont, W. B Reynolds of Ksntonky, K M Benjamin and George G. Byron, of Paris, are stopptogat thsTtfthAi1 IM aad 1,197. ChtofCtorkafDsx. 2fi, 1M0.CityPT»(I AKDJOTJT.—'eemedy, wtth a variety ofMOSEB KELLY, t h e ]CburtThe injunction to to the usual form and seta Parte thaA*. 130 137 I M 146 161 162 153M*.JVe. 192 MB M i Mf•woIM 1ST IM4k 1 www.fultonhistory.com 