 w'^^^^^mmmit^l]Liverpool earlytheimportant.and Paris. it terminate in Mayagood understandingin theT<H<. EC—^NO. 2608.lEOH WASHINGTON. sailed from this port for Liverpool, at 3^ o'clock this afternoon, taking out eighty passengers and aNEW-YORK^ MONDAY, JANUARY 30, 1860. PRICE TWO CENTBL• tlMfull cargo.,Ffke'a Peak and Ctak.ABBITAL OF OOLI>-4lBTCaBAJICI8 AT CANP 'AOTDIS UTAH.LiAvairwoaiB, K. T.,and humbly crave their pardmi te all the aaathamtsIr. Jtln mrau Withdraws flrom till CwUit.The Pike's Peak Express!of the were autioned. Aalhai nobility, *c.,Bipfifv. Peniagtoa Likely Choice ef tke Bonse.lyceJal Dlapatek to tb* Kaw-Tork TimM. W^imraioB, Sunday, Ju. as.ne entire bod; of BapubUcani who bad voted lor Hr. BBUauv, with only one or two ezcepUoiu, wtt in onsw at tbe Captbd jestudar.aa, CKiain 7> Asiki praelded, asd Mr. ColfizThe PoBtOflice Department has ordered the UtahA small though distinguished attendaneaofUaaiy': '^WpteiidlaYelHcer. Though temporarily defeated, Mr. Bnaaitut has evidently raised himself in the estima- tion of hi> party, a fact which may be denunstrated Ib the future.' After Mr. Saniui had concluded his remarks, a gcaaral dlsensslan followed, In which many Repnb- Ileaas arged the propriety of coneentratinr their fates on Kr. PmrasToii, of Mew-Jersey, as be canhope for better success this time.Paraguay The evacuation of Rome is to take place almost im- for Inferior.the mostman on the floor forto the Uidtad States andtheequatorleftthecityofAsunciononOct11,inthe new government steamer Jigui, (built in Paraguay,)notreduced. Wheatalsowasdull,andratherlowerThosewhobadthehonorof were:aaasaiating pall-bcaiaia•ammudcertainly three additional votesuntil the close of the year, as they are commissionedM. Di PxasissT would, long ago have been called toMessrs. Anaaia, Rieas and RaTnous having pledged them- lalvee is support him. These will be sufficient to elect, ir at least to produce a tie vote, in which evant the Rapnblleans vrtll Insist on Ur. Painnsa- i^Hl votiag for himaelf, and thus secure them theOrleans, when thirty miles below Cincinnati, yester-day morning, struck an old wreck, and sunk in thir-teen feet of water. The loss on her cargo Is heavy. our country, its Institutions, development and re- tha Cabinet of M. Focui, with whom he absolutely new since theto withdrawing firom Mr. Saxaius, and censured theTh^ steamship Horth American, from Portland, ar-nearly all the mUUcnaires of Paris at thla moment are encamped on this side of our frontier—a situation in- the first fruits of them thst slept,"falm this week, and they were unwilling to give up the contest. After much discussion, the Caucus ad- journed, without taking a vote on any of the proposi- tions;U^The Democrats have been In conEUltation since theadjournment, but no general understanding has been arrivedat. Thevotewillprobablybeagaincastfor Mr. Suva, provided he unites the vote of bis ownleave the State.of her anchor, which had t)een let go to stop her way,that is more convenient In these personal matten than a reason of State.Nationale supposes,) as well as to the principle whichcoronet and arms to be seen on the foot of It, waabut with a general understanding that Mr. Paanaiar would be voted for to-morrow by the balk of the Repnblleans, when no doubt the whole vote wUl be given him, with a strong probability of hU sladlsB. Tke ItopatiUeBB tarn in lUsevealag, and will go Into the fight to-morrow with great confldence.The donation of aofayear to Countit wouldwhich, it is whispered, he cannot do, since he repudiates any connection with the Know-Nothlog Party. Otherwise the Democratic vote vrill be again scattered. MyItaly'protectthe FrenchfrontierCecft's anthem. *1 heard a voice from heaven. party,saytag-.is that Mr.win be escorted to the Speaker's chair to-morrow.Steamship Emjdre City, Capt.Johnviolent financial crisis, and engaged, perhaps for ten:Iis buried in peace, but nis name liveth evermoreimpiefsion|PiHsi50Toa<|«eMloaof theArxlTial of the Fulton and the IVova Scotifui.their to Postmssteraopen other people's lettan, and<;he beUered it po(«9>l« for anotliei candidate to If Ivicr vote tlian he could concentrate—athe Pontificaland it la aald thatpeMbUc contideiaiion compelled him to withdraw kto BaM'&om the c<»ta«t Duty to himielf, duty to hi! party, tint, abo*a an, duty to hU country, he said, dlotatad thli eoan*, and he urged harmony and un- ionuponwmeotlwr&i«Bdofthecanse. Hedidnot, tawaTvr, indicate dlreetly any preference, but lelt it farhie&l«>dstodecide. Hi*TOteonFridayforKr. CtBWiaww only complimentary. In consideration of Itat gentlenan having put him In nomination.TUtwitbdrawa]ofhisnamebyMr.SHRiuitwas aaiiiely voluntary, and against tlae decided wishes of many (Mends, who believed, and who still believe him IscompetentquietThe Salt Lake Tailed Tan says, of over two hun-dred murders committed in that Territory within the past three years, not a single offender has been con-victed or punished.JUoTementa of the Kentucky and Tcaacaaeosixty thousand men In Italy, prepared for any emer-ready seat to Nicaragua from Marseilles two vesselswith ISO chemists persons, conslsting^f engineers,P., Mr. E. Boxtoi, Mr. S. Lever. Mr. J<*b ] Mr.S.CHalLtheTeryBev.theBaMiofCaaL _Mr. Charles Enlght «ir D. McSoogaU, Ac Qtingle Conservative of note waa preaent tha dnrtafwestern entrance of the old Abbey, beneath tha oaorLieut. O'CoHXxiL, of (he Second Infantry, beingsick, Lieut. RoBissoH of the'- same regiment will pro-ceed Immediately to Pawnee Fork and report forduty. Lieut. O'Coiraiu, receives sixty days' leave of courtesies. absence. Musicians MAacxLLOs and Browk, of theon this accourt that the public are never admitted to with us.Prussia has recently showTi ill-will towards usjFirst Cavalry, will report to Ueut. Tboupsq.v at Fort Riley. By order of the War Department, the sen- tence adjudged to Asst. Sm^eon Siona, at head- quarters, will be carried into effect at Fort Leaven- worth. The Board of Officers appointed by Secretary TocciTto test the boat apparatus presented by Messrs. Blunt, Bishop, Brooke, Mealy and Kynaston of the Royal Navy, and Davissok, of the Uoited States Havy, report in favor of Lieut. Davidson as altogether superior to the others, and recommended that it be placed on all onr national vessels. Q.fnoH TBI upoaria or tbi associAns priss.] Waseviqxos, Sunday, Jan. 29.There have been many private conferences to- day among members of the different parties, with theheir of tliecrown.[BY TELEGRAPH.]view of perfectingtion in France has very materially improved the re-;for to-morrow re- garding the Speakership. The prospect is that if the Repoblicana unite aU of the Sherman vote on Mr. PmnHSTOif, he wlU receive several accessionsTj Bis the Highness£f(roerdi-from the Asius.Antl-Lecompton Democrats, includingMr.SpaAOuz, at Providence, R. I., on the evening of the24th inst, upon his return fromand this brought about the crisis. The details of this Incident areLord Palmzzstok aad Lord Jobs Russzll, andMr.KarcHuit had theunairimousconsent toIntro-VZ8TIE Mowxt, of Arizona, who responded substan-Pope's Nuncio,not the demands he made of through Frankfort or have buslnesa there, in the dust omitting Itswiththose of thegreatofpastdays who to consecrate with his genius. So with MacaoZat.arrangementsThe AdmlnlatratloB Democracy la Shade Inland.Apostolic Pro-Lsgatelations between the two Cabinets, and removed the mistrust which had existed In the public mind. TueMessrs. Houuk, Davis, of Indiana, and Aunt, ofdred andseventy guestssat atthetoe said MeiMiew has the Intention of penetratingMr. Sam, with the deaigs of damaging his position a* a candidate for Speaker.There b no data for an assertion as to the result of the contest, ftirther than it ptoioifei to be decided within the preient week, pahaps to-morrow.This reminds one of the story of the Zouave, who, will very soon evacuate Rome, becomes day and official dignity met to pay the last sorrowful every-,pamphlet and its doctrines. M. Wauwski replied on his return from last Summer's campaign in Italy, olBcial journal of the Pope, will not, it is said, be tribute toto be the doubt bnt that this wUl be accomplished.I\Ii|;If it were not for thebe not entirely uninitiated In what is passing in certain quarters, publishes an article relating to theline failed to work east of Calais last even- Same of the Kepubllcans declared their opposition than the foregoing.—Ens.]^ilrltsat Greeubnsh. He will be taken to Yonkers this evening. _The Baltimere Police Btlla lo the Maryland liesialatnrc.Baltuiou, Saturday, Jan. 28.cessity of peace and the Interests of her commerce, them, " Man that is bom of vnHsan hath Imt a i truth to say that he has aot been disliked—and the can she not hope to find a compensation for the in- time to live," the notes and words of which echoedpublic wculd never thlnkef calling in question any crease of the security of our frontiers in this great 8 long the lofty aisles like the wail of mourners.The Senate's Newspaper Patronage InveeiigatlngCommittee organised to-day. Subpoenas for Messrs. ing back Col. SpiAon, and remarked that. In 1833,coincided with him also as to the heresy of the doc-trines contained in the pamphlet, and had no doubtbut his Government would disavow both its paterni- fort-on-the-Malne by a Consui-General, withouttral Italy."Waaniu. and Afputos have been ter is abaent in Mahie^  NEW-YOHKJLEGISI.appreciate,....SENATE 4lsa»t,Saturday,Jan.28.When M. WAiiWBntke Lmimouced to tha Senate that the first business in order was the tUrd reading of flie blU relating to New- Tork City railroads.Chief HagistraU, about them, bis Majesty dryly replied that he thought rope. Every European Power has there a diplomatic the remains of the great man who has just gone from Albiit T. Gaixitp, Esq., Postmaster, after ex-issued,but the lat-Artillery, bore the signature of Gov. Speaqox, and he should not be much surprised If within two or three years he should receive another commission signed by the name of Gov. SpaAoui. [Prolonged applause.] He then proceeded to announce the ftrst regular toast:ever, M. Buxaitlt, Minister of the Interior, had alonathU state of things regretted so frequently within thehonor conld hareATURE.promised subject of the pamphlettially as followsble feature of the Ma. CuAiEiiAB ASS GaaTLnmr: In these lattergreat the long roll of poets, statesmen, and historians there how much feelings fancy were moved by thladuce an amendment which lemoved the objectiona-is than In other Toanyrailroad in orfestive occasion of this kind to drink the health of theP^sldent of the United States—If It serves only to re-call to our minds that we have a common Union tocherish, and a head of that Union, chosen by the peo-ple, whom we delight to honor. [Great applause.) gtilf which separated the Lmperor's policy and his If be had a diplomatic title and a diplomatic rank. Itclaim ufon the veneration of posterity as now con- taining the remains of the first and last Lord Macao- LAT, the essayist, poet, historian, and statesman.tribute which he looked upon as the last and hlghast crown of fame.upon or along any of the streets or avenues of the City of Ne»-York. wherever such road may commence or end, except under the au- thority and subject to the regul.tious and restrlcUonsing In the comments of the Siicie which called for a " warning,'*foreign appointments made within the last five years, has constantly an immense amount of business to transact for Americans, and would have much more,The funeral of yesterday was perhaps a mora touching ceremony than If the decease had takes during the session of Parliament and apubUe }n>ltaecrement had been proposed and resolved on by thewhich the LqjliUture may hereafterThU secUen shaU not be deemed toUon as fiur aa laU of any rallroiid nowduly aothoiiaed. The foregoing eectiou sh-m not bo bel d to impair in any manner any valid grante for or relating to any railroad existing on the lit day of January, 1880."may be to In fitting terms to respondis to make obligedThe funeral cortege started in the morning from thalate residence of the deceased, at Holly-lodge, Camp-den-hlU, Kensington. This iieautifnl little villa ad- of reserve which are natural to EngUahnen thatA number of were petitionsfor any and all aces of the Republic, has sought to vilifybut tt It Ichiefly remenriMnd, anilganixationoftheConrtofApprais.Mj^SnuoHSgavenotleaofa bill to regulate the*''einpting to degrade the man they degraded there could be no compromtae. So the Emperor at with the necessities of the position and the embar- library of the British Museum, and the greater part the office simplyoflettersthat he will bethis being the ca.se, the spontaaaoBi hoMtithose of kindred pursuits an men fittmsthamfare on the New-Tork Brie Railroad. andwhich we are all bound to hold in respect once sent by telegraph a long letter of two pages to rassments to which our Consul Is subjected by being of each evening and night In the immensertV byS.ir.'.«f2?.^*?rv"^e»t»totor debts or the testator or In-alongpassthe may upon rep-iS^ISJri^""« y^"* ''<"«> the grant of letters ofFrankfort themselves are astonished at this state ofa dense line oftwo asaeaaUies over which theySS•*^' transfer Irom OldN«u. 'pI 1 *!r.\''' England tospectators.resenongside. pre-i.ft ;^li22'""* ''"">TMfe traffic InConstantinople,esteeming highlygoeae£,;wjflt the usualchangeacquaintance w.ih th,.ofourGovernment, anforeign relations, and an industry for which we may' any change should be made, the in vain seek a parallel. Napoiioh III. does not comprehend the civilization of Government it Washington could not be'.ter meet thegrant or provide aOect the opera- cocstruiited andown, and at once offeredEmpe- and see from thefiequentlyIt is more consistent with thoseproofon tiKl that the Inles-things, andi?i«5?,l^';'^^^V'^"'"»Wchwill open to tlWemi- nounced M. WAUwna'i resignation and M. Taon- the United SUtes, when it has diphunatlc business to along the route from Kensington, iuilghtsbridge, and who admbed tiie genius sni? held thepriad-TM1'"'»S—^Siik tSf""'*''»**^ "'thin this SUte, in whichMr. Riczza,...ASSEMBLY. Alraxt,Saturday,Jan.28.tomary an imitation, more or less hearse, on a velvet coshion,which has consecrated. None of the pomp orThe Honaa ia not in session.exact, of the coronet to which the rank of the de-usage to associate with sorrow which we are accusomedThe ABgl«-Saz«B Ontward Ronni. PouLAan, Saturday, Jan, 28.nieamtbif Jinglo-Stxon, Capt. BALUuiurE,of his Admin- Emperor has his own plan and his own policy,Itsupon present popular Consui-General at thatto hisre'iUng-^the interment"! of great men was to be observed yes-service back to itssupplyapiritualadiulMiing23d,arrived hereyesteiday.may alwaysas slstlng at the funeral then quitle.'i the grave, and re-— ITDSDKaSpeopleinto dan-who had aU bsaa wilk' At Hyde park-eoner a eoaaiderable atmberet flwto run, in connection with tl-,«tr , Une,ITAIIW IFFUIS. Lxwiii, permitted by the Emperor In order to disen- gage Itls word with Faiacu Josipb, t»d to give tUneMacanky. THE PRESIDENT'S MESSAGE IN ENGLAND.General and liieellaneoni Kewi.The United State* Hail steamer Fulton,canlageatOBtimi cortege turned down Giosvenor-plaee Ihssa joined tha piocessioii, and followed inila wafceia ».oony ezpreaa from Leavenworth to %ser»mento City, Gal. The HmeforthetripUfaiaat ten days, and, under the admirable systMB tif thli Company, then la littlefor Italy to march ao far forward toward andent organlxation ikatthe mutual promise of non-in- tervention would save her. So that after all we are to have the asnexatloa of the Daehles and tha Ro- magna to Piedmont, or at wont the creation of an In dependentUngdaminCentralItaly. Wedarenot say at this moment to what extent the Emperor Is prepared te go in restrtctlnc or the tem-liae of immense lengtii. .^ .^.^ . The fiueial waa expected to arrive at the AUn atofaIn addition to the amoimt ofctergyaMa, children. We need scarcely say Uladles nor the children vrere in asoondayt *V handsome bonnets and bright litw^s rashes t the effect of an otherwise solemn and iajaimSsemi-monthlynot understand theIn Paris the appcdntment of McMAH<tii to the com-Fuse's Peakis reported by private hands.Thethis firm to the upaboutannihilatingporal powas of the Pope, nor have are any notion whatever of hla poUey toward nnh^ipy Teutlk- These, howerer, win be developed in due time, for we are not wDllng to believe, that in regard to themand of the army in Italy, numbering 50,000 men, regarded aa a aign of warlike complications.wasdepartur.eof the maU make noonheavy westerly galesShe paa-The Is opinKaThe PariscorrespondentCranwa((h,i.«(4mention of it.The Winter In Salt Lake TaUey la represented aahaving been very severe, and has, doubtless, been to some extent fatal to the stock wintered there.The maU was packed aa for as Fort Laramie. The command at that post waa in good health.Floyd, andvote (lAdent to elect Such being the caae, every Gen. JoHKBTO was using every exertion to preserve previous advices, and is of a very Interesting ciiar-growmgParis,Austria,u]fr. «-""'" opened tke proceedinge by an appro-J^ais ceferenee to Ote protracted comtett tkey had tad fn ^leaker, and than aaid that the tlmi had oomeIiglil»h<lSecretary.Considerable disorder existed ata soldier had been murdered by an unknown assassin.Alezanoer, ().C.Mr.:_ceremony.PrecUely at 1 o'clock the hearse arrived atflsej»j_Coir,pgny jjsve decided AUSPICIOUS STITB OFthingMISCELLANEOUS.The Protestant Chapel gC the Bev. Mr. Gouzr, at8, byservice in French, intended towants of British Protestants who, t>ora in France, dotire from Havana. new passageand one whichsoexactly to theSaul" being played as the mourners slowly retired,Spanish—ScOAas Arrivalsofnewlight;(President of the Council of State,) and M. The regeneration of Italy, the pacific aggrandizement uncertain however, whichpenetratedto thedevoted, at Havana,oldminster Abbey, so that the grave is dug down at once into the gravel beneath the stones. The grave of Macaelat seemed about ten feet deep, sadtoSAVAmiAH, Friday, Isabel has arrived offfestivitiesTheher way to Charleston, with Havana advices of the 2ath.:Baxocbx,SI PxasioKT, (Ambassador at London).The following curious document has just been pub-steamshipTybeeonGovernor has been o.Tered to CoLbelieved he can conlrol all the consenatlve vote ofdemonstrations,copysolutely interdictedsaidBonaparte," Brown" candidate. Frequent allusions were made toWALXTsxr.demanded for the Siecie a "warning,"and Vienna. The probability that the French troopsCol. SpKAOSE as Governor, which werefoUowlng" Mayor KnoBT, la asanmlng the duties of his ap-to the other nithoul being stopped onceThe United States is now represented at Franfc-man Civernmcut itself. Ttie array of occupation at Rome, if moved, would go and reinforce that in Cen-is great and noble in our history, among the remains of men widely diverse in genius and character, butSato;^fiiy_jg_original time, and a weekly instead mall.Express yesterday,$20,000statement of the loss of 1,700 head of cattle In Ruby Valley, Utah, belonging to Russiu., Muou and WAnsiu, is not credited, as the private advices ofCtft. on the 11thAll sorts of reports were etirrenl aid wholly unreliable.part the old caihedral forgold received by' "CampThe news by these .anivala is five days later tlianto cut do wn timber,I^eclalatmrea.CnomiATi, Saturday, Jan. 28. tary;Europe.table, includingaapamphlet appeared in the afternoon, and the nextbelievewill be come to between the two Gov-Jan.27.the remote. It waa only the proximate cause of Count WAiiTSii'a resignation of the French For^fen office. For many months the* Count had fixed in his own mind the point to which he could go in the adjust-Council hold offices that are salaried. Their namesThe Cardinal MoiiOT, (Archbishop of Paris,) thapose a solution accepted by England, and enduredcoffin te rest in a deep chamber of appeared squareAt one side, on the left, was what seemed to be part of the side of another coffin, which, if it was a coffin at all, must have been that which contains the remains of no less a genius than SHxarnAS.the worthMuscovado, 838^reals. Molasses quiet FanQBTsdull. Exchange on ment of the Italian question, and, fortunately or un-of France, would be the result We might also see in it the consolidation of our alliance witn Er^iand— a fruitful alliance, which is not less dear to the Inter- est of theiiKht,New-York, 3'5'4 ^ cent, premium.The steamship Empire City, from New-Orleans forNew-York, had been ashore at the entrance of theibottom of Macaulat's last resting place, it was hardtojudgedistinctly. Inafewminutesafterthecere-harbor ofHavana, but got off without material damage, This policy, which some people go so far aa to stigma-orTBI PaiHCZ LOUIS HAPOLIOII BOKAPAaTS [SOW BK-A Paris letter In the Nord, of Brussels, says:FOLITICAI,.tize as Austrian, but which scarcely merited so harsh an appellation, yet differed wiaely from that of the Emperor. Astimeandeventspassed,thisdivergence grew wider until the publication ol the now cele-which announce that the recent ministerial modifica-place of other great men will be replacedA public dinner was given to Col. William brated on the secular power of the pamphletPope,:SAPAaTz has embarked at Genoa on his way to Tus-where we know that an order hascany, been givenby the Grand Duke to arrest him, and, supposing thatthe Emperor, were at first 'sight favorably receivedbythere Is every reason toderstandingOne hun-Thea un- completeSPSAanz, and it is'thesetook ato the (Signed)PrinceC. GRASSELINI.»»«NEWS FROM EUROPE. was hla place to yield or reaign. H. Walxwsxi only Austria, I fall prostrate bafote tha King of Na^es, chief mourners—Rev. Jam Maoadlit, lb.Funeral of LoriParis,Jan.toclosedSunday,Uekat in haoc....WoTToi, from Havre andSouthanpton Saturday evening.the entirelatter, the preaent state of affairs Is to be suffered.of the London Times says that a company, ccoslBtlng of some eight or ten ship* ownen at Marseilles, just estabUAed, no^sr the name of U. M. SioAas A Co., had purchased from the Company of the Maritime Canal of Nicaragua thelandsdependent on the Canal, which form apartot the concession which the Canal Company had obtained, and SiCAZs ft Co. propose to turn to account the metal- licAmong others present were: LocdStanley of Alderley, Lord Belper, I.aTd Rotiettlfast- tagu, Eai) Granville, the Rtgat Hon. W. B. OlaA. stone. Lord Brougbton of Bionshtoa Gifiwd, LaiA Monteagle, the Bigtat Hon. C. VUllers, Sir J. Shaw Lefevre, bis Excellency the Belgian Ml^stas, Mr.insL, arrived at tlilaencountered age.thatand12th .Mr. Grote, Mr.M. Ha>- F.Tfli*(iueenstown Saturday,Inst,;Lord Mr. Stanley,Locke,portlaRome and Ilaplaa, seeing the danger with whichtheir cause Is menaced, intend to make a struggle for the restoration of the Grand Dukes and the conquest of the Romagna by force of arms. Large numbers of Austrians have been enrolled lately In the ranks ofThe steamer Nova Seoti*n, from Liverpool 11th,Alderman klr. Salomons,Wyld, M. P.Arthnr Kinnaiid, Mr. Thackeray, Mr. Sfairiey Iarrived at Portland onDurham,Mr.Boha. Mx>at Harseillea. we see Hfr»,»fiLla,wisdom of Levis Natolioi In leaving an armyiV:aeter.The Fulton brings to our shores the first Para- gency. It is not dilBeult to admit that the eventsdepositscontain,Shee.Dr.fiswtrey,Pieroetof^Eum;Mr. Teal 'guayan Embassy, consisting of His fixcellency Se&orDo* Joss Biaoxs, Special Envoy and CommissionerSeltorDorBaaiiAasoOarxiLAso,PintSecretary itselfexactly.aaheconceiveditonthebanksofthehave been a merelyatngnlar colscldeaee,tiatLegationSeRor Sox Anroaio Satas, Second Secre-Onf tilingcertain,fromthe Pacific.;Bgsonly granted to peers of tke realm, inside tha'Maithi TxaA, attach^. Seilor Bu*Senoris the same Commiaaioner who, some years AustrianAt the banquet last night, in honor of the distin- snguished guests of the city. Gov. Diiraaoa read a tele- ago. In his mission to Rio Janeiro, so success- peror FaAlcn JosxPH would not be sorry for an oc<^- bnt a relapse occurred on the 10ththe procession arranged itself as followsBailiff ofThe Almsmea of th«was graphicdispatchfromGov.Moiqak,ofNew-York,in fullyadjustedtheboundarydisputebetweenBrazil slontocalmttie turbulentspiritsofhisEmpireby Hf.tie. Themarketagainshowedsymptomsofim-Westminster, AbBey,behalf of the Legislature of that State, invitlog the and Puaguay. He now comes to exchange ratifica- leading them Into another war in Italy. Aided by provement at the close.SixteenBoysoftheChoir, The Sub-Desn,Canons Repton, Jennings and Coretoa, The Dean (Rev. T. Trench.)Legislatures of Kentucky, Tennessee and Ohio tovisit Albany. The dispatch was entbuslastlcaUy re-ceived. This morning, after witnessing the opera-tions of the Fire Department, the guests vlslled Nicao- Navigation Company, whose claim is to be tried be- mediately, and it is said to-day that Marshal Cakso- lAS LoKovoaTB's house, where they were hospltaoly fore a commission to be organized within twelve BixT will be sent to superintend this movement It la entertained. The Kentucky Legislature left for months after the of ralificatlona. These dis- not without serious misgivings that the CatholicIioaa of the gteaaier A. O. Tyler. CLzvxLANn, Saturday, Jan. 28.expressedTimes says the chances of the Congress meetingwereThe steamer was valued at $25,000, and is insured for (13,C00. Shecanprobablyberaised.Mr. SAMtni Wau, latethe Paraguay expedition, has returned by the Fulton-privatedifference between them. But why, if M. dz FiaaiGinr is sonave. Dr. Cion'sand the Ufe," was song with a solemn meaauatf €•> dence. that had sn inexpressioly toucfalnf sfccj, a*, till ttaNon-AniTal of the America.Mr. E. Massuas, editor of the Courrier dee EtateWe believe that if Italy decided for the annexation and Immediate unification of the north and centre ofthe lament pealed forth throogh the AhoefHioinx, Sunday, Jan. 29—9 A. M. (/ni>. Is also a passenger by the Fuiron. -rietory. Mr. rMSwniava will object, but it will be There are no of themoaning echoes were almost lostman competent to his place, (Minister of State and of it, she must accept it with still greater eagerness, on aside in the stalls, while the thirty-ninth Psalm: I" arged that he is as much bound to vote the partyticket" as any other member ofthe party, if necessary to lecure a triumph.yet signs steamship"now fifteen out fromdays Liverpool.New-York with the .Vova Scotian. simultaneouslyM. on the 9th Inst.one condition, however, which we have— repeatedlyCO, [TheThe steamship America, fromthe Household of the Emperorj whUe the secondsaid I will take heed to that I bIb my waystions of the Bowlln treaty, and to arbitrate the ques-Naples and the Pope, the Emperor of Austria mayThe Paris flour market was dull, but pricesweretion ofIndemnityexchangetinguished representatives of our sister republic belowSir David Dundas,The Earl of Carlisle, Earl The Bishop of Oxford,by President Lopxs to bestow much attention upon sources.thlaImportant poetpresenceinSecretaryof Ur.Bowuh,o'gentenco at Ezccatloa for Abetting the rived at Queenstown at 4}j A. M. on the 10th Instant Jews,) equlvalcBt In his money-value to the Bank of compatible with the security of France;Feansytvanians who had thoughtlessly thrown theirranka into confusion. They argued that by steadyadhesitm to Mr. SBSuuif they would have elected FRAHCI3 Mitchell, porter of the steamship The American ship Lunu, from Ne^-Orleans, was are people maUeioas enough to suggest that the Sm-. side of the Alps. We believe the Cabinet of Turin too was again formed, and proceeded with slow steps teEscape of a Slave.Cbarlxstos, S. C, Sunday, Jan. 29.and was off.unable to get In owing to the fog.France, the Emperor Is afraid to offend soan element in the stability of Ms Government Tiierewould furnish the elements of the new Italian mon- archy should not be invoked with less success on thisDuringcadence the mourners ana pall-bearers agata tesaased._to inltaly justifies the aggrandizement or Piedmont—Hartley; the Bndesn River Ratlraad Brake- man. Arrested.snapped,againsta solution honorable for France, to whom restore, with the security of her fronUers, the popu-irmoved,anddepositadbT'GuixBCBB, Saturday, Jan. 28. Habtlkt, the Hudson River Railroad brakeman,more Police bills. Their passage in the House will doubtless be consummated early next week.From Havana.ARKITAL OF THE IMPIBK CITY ASD THE ISABEL.;and very lively sympathies. Austria,The MailMcGowjj, from New-Orleans on the 20th Inst, touch-His body;"at Havana on theShe experienced boisterous weather during the en-ing, or in the common acceptation of the term, a sal- to add that she unnecessaryScsignatloD of Walevrelil-A Chapter af tates, which must produce a handsome revenueSecret History—Kome ta be Evacaated— he The American Agent near the Gersoaaparticular, must It was only brofeen by tbe sharp, quick rattle of theConfederation.From Onr Own OorreapondaBt.Pasu, Monday, Jan. 9, 1860.this moment of recommencing the war.;had his nam* as a man and a diplomatist at stake.hadNatouoh hii repntaUon belOte posterity aa anall-powerful monarch at stake.From all this it results that, aa I have already Inti-mated on formerveur and other dopuments, showing an apparent lean-ing toward an Austrian poUey, were a::ts ol M. Wa- States So I shall eln no more. ^ALAKOFF.Ma«aiilat, Mr. Bmr Maoaulat, aad JizmOno TuvzuAJt. The seeood earrtais a* Mr.EswA>DC>«m>,Hr.Ennn HaesauT,yDX.s Mr. Tbomas Fuiwza Kius, asd Mr. Hzan IkMHiK HouAM. The third carriage was oeenaisd hy^tooecaaloaa, the manifesto of BL Sau-Loidshlp's private doBiestlcs, bin msay years.offi- cers for this army hava made their appearance evenatm^,recruiting8anwhich are now before our were fore- passing eyessetn by the Eiaperor, and that his policy is unrollingber of railway laboren to execute a railroad on theo^ Mlncio.IsthmusofRlvas,whichseparatesNicaraguathatgreatthat disallieeMen exists in one-third at least of thelation exists ii^Jinatria at the results of the late war,Zaifiieft-om othercauses,and that the Em-:world will see Rome and the Pope given up to theSir G. C. Lewia, Stanhope.Frankfort at 1 o'clock, and the Tennessee Legislature for Louisville at 4 o'clock this afternoon.tons of merchandise, from Cincinnati, bound to New- presumed that their stay among us will be prolonged scandal for your ear, which will explain the mystery. democratic, and ostensibly independent is believed to moumen we have already mentioned. Oa ths riahtof the choir, in the stalls at the eastern eztraMl^ some female relatives of the great hlsteriaa wera seated, In deep monrning.sole of the protectionRomanpeople.InEngland,astonishmentIsPsasisav is aot called to the Foreign Office by theat BuenosThe steamer A. O. Tyler, with cargo of 600 on Oct 28. and reach ed Southampton on Dec. 7. It is Emperor. Bat here I have a little piece of private The Cilpinioii Nalionale, which, though professedly Close behind the cofiSn, In order, followed ttatook the British Brazilian mallpacketAyresof the most shadowy kind.by Illness from aisi&ting.refuses to on account of a associate,ixojects attributed,peared, to the Imperial Government The O^iawa says:" anthem,1 amthaBeaanMtkAman for the place, is not M. In answer to this questionindepen-was ordered suddenlythat M.saLord whowasto haveattendedintha Sbxuvxsz,I haveheapedon their beads allowed beeuie theytheir minions of the law to throwgeons for holding different political ootnlosn trom themselves. They do the same in tha UnitedonThe reasons given are that Mr. GcaasT had read aloresee theThe Italian question has undoubtedly assumed a aried office. This is hair splitting, but It is, perhaps, moment when, In the East, she may want to count turned to the western entrance, the '' Dead March inphase,Our thanks are due to PurserlDisisoH, for repeated popular wish in France, as well as in England and the deliberations of the Senate, nor that their pro- still. In the hypothesis which we now examine, if in the ceremony, were then allowed to pass thaThe 23d Inst, wasin honor of the birthday of the Prince of .\sturias,Italy, that you may be interested In a few words of explanation as to the manner in which the present situation received its developementCouncillor is purely a sinecure, for unless in case of the death of the Emperor before his son is twenty-one years of age, they will absolutely have no dutiespleasure she may experience at seeing us make a breach, by means of Savoy, in the treaties of 1815, would be compensated by the pleasure of seeing Italy closed definitei/ against Austria, her Intimate enemy.intshpercet are ngoravea.ults beneatii West- cathedrals,fortunately for him, whichever you please, he had not concealed his fixed opinion from the diplomatic corps, and thus he became committed to a certain policy.was over most of those who had assisted at it:'pointment aUoded to the pleasure hefelt in welcom-his commission as Second Lleutenent of the Marine ty and Its sentiments. As regards the *'waming,"how- diplomatic power, properly speaking. 1 have heardwhose varioushappilycan we conceive more b accordance with what waknow of his own feelings. Addisor, at the foot ofrespondsjfollows:thatOhio, the three dlEsenting Western have most distinguished dignitaries and citizens of the morning the Siecle, In approving its doctrines, made the Pontifical States, I bring these facts to your knowl- ernments, The retirement of Count Walzwsii and Westminster Abbey was yesterday thewitneea Democrats, the propositions carried over by Lord Cowlit, securesot yielded to the persuasion of their friends to vote State. Speeches were made by Ex-Gov. HoppTM, a violent attack on the principle of the temporal edge, In begging of you to observe the directions con- a majority to the ministry for the opening of Parlia- of a solemnity which has an Interest not only forfor Mr. Smith, of North Carolina, nor is it probable hat they will, according to what is considered reliabletatformatlon.Since Tiiday some gentlemen have been making•pedal isvestigatlon into the polltleal antecedents of the and State,of the Siecle and of the pamphlet and went, the same day, to see M.Chief Justice Gov. Ames,tained in the previous notes of the 8th of June, and of the 13th of July, 1846, numbered 36,531 and 30,830, in order that the entry of the PontiyicAl States shall be ab-Englidmen, but for every commtmlty among which our language is spoken. The most powerful, popular, and versatile writer of our time was home to theSAOirotas, Mayor Khioht, Ex-Major Rodmas, and others. The occasion had a marked significanee, as the Democratic nomination forpower of the Pope. The Cardinal SACOin, the Pope's Nuncio at Paris, offended, and no doubt alarmed atment iMtd. CoTLZT left Paris with the Impressionthat the Congress was considered in the French offi-cial world as greatly compromised, and rendered al-most impossltile in presence of the difficulties whichbad arisen between France and the Courts of Rome grave with all the honors which it is in the power ofto him on thesubject, as well aa to the Emperor and Cabinet on the words on the subject You are no doubt aware thatFUNERAL OF LORD MACAULAY. 80LIKK UmSXEHT Or TBK BIVAHtS IK ITXST- KIHSTIB ABB3(r.that power but he itospeaklastfew yeanthat it becomes adutytosayand theOn assemblmg this morning the President an- I. Tie Govemmtnt of tke United Statet tnd her Siicie to the Emperor, and asked Um what he thought In this particular as the sixth or sevesth city of Eu- The lastcarried thepamphletthat cityIsan Important dlplomatle post,and ranksFromearthlyTisus, honors wereJot. 10.yesterday paidwhose monument Lord Macaoiaihis time on the Abbey in that eloquent and toochlnabeorder of the Minister of Public InstructionEnglish language.as to the relations of France and Rome, bat they were very contradictory.THE EUBOFEAN CONGRESS.A Paris dispatch saya it was becoming everyday more doubtful whether the Congress would as-semble andthePariscorrespondeatoftheLondon ;The Speaker of the Boaaa . of Commons,generally deemed the fitFscu) invited to resign ?there are two reasons assigned. The first Is, that the the Italian Peninsula, England would gladly accept Arrived at the choir, the body was deposittd taaddemAmeri' The steamship City of Manchester left Liverpool for Empress absolutely clings to M. Fouu> as the only the combination. As for France, far from rejecting the screen, the mourners and pall-bearers remlsadarrived ating, so that we have no later advices from Halifax Queenstown at IH A. M., and at Liverpool at 10^ P. that M. Fornj), being a Jew and h miUionare, and by restored to us—that is to say, that the great monarchy Prxczu's beautiful music. After theBoston,insisted upon namely, tbat Nice and Savoy should benot with my tongue," wsa slowly diaated toIs,his (tanking canaexions with other rich Jews, (for which would be founded at our doors should not be "Now Is Christ risen from tlie desd andtfollowing morning,well inspired to offer any objection to a solution ac-Marion, was yesterday sentenced to be hung on the recently getting Into dock at Havre while the wind press' wish in the matter goes for very little, ho»- to the wish of the of Nice and Sa- where the grave was dog in Potts'-comer. Armed ceptable population here, the pall, which had up till then completely Uik- 2d of March, for assistisg a slave In his attempt to was blowing fresh from the southwest and the chain ever, and that stta is made to bear the blame because voy (this, however, is not so certain as the O^ion den the coffin, so as only to allow a glimpse of flieand she came with great violencethe edge of the sluice gates, and sustained considera-bledamage,whileatthesametimeseveralofthe WAiiTtsxiasmemberofthePrivyCouncil,besides lationsbelongingtober.bytheirsympathiesaswell blocks of stone of the quay were displaced. It waa his (6,000 a year aa Senator, provokes a good deal of as by the contormity of language and of interests.soon found that the vessel had sprung a leak, and that remark. M. ^alxwski has always been well enough As for England, admitting that the spirit of rivalrythe coffin for a momentthe side of the grave. Then, aa the mourners gregpiid themselves around it it was again lifted o*«, thaand sunkintoitslast narrow aperture slowly rastiafplace. As is customary at all fULerals, there waa asalary$20,009moment's pause after the body had dtsappesred i was arrecled this morning by Deputy-SUerilT Faoaa- six feet of water were in her hold. Pumps were set 'Jked by the French people—perhaps it is nearer the against ns prevails more in her Counells than ttie ne- view forever, and then arote Caort's t 'Oehlagns,to work to keep her clear until she could be brough'. alongside the quay to get out her cargo.FRANCE.reasonable reward of a faithful, hard-working and intelligent public servant. But the Count has been alread) .'munlficeDlly remunerated; he has acquired,kingdom founded at our doors, and of which she may hope to become eventually the ally and a point of support?There remain the three great Continental Powers.PoBciii.'8 " Thou knowest Lord," having also been slowly sung, then was said the prayer commencing' " Forasmuch as it has pleased Almighty God of His great mercy to take unto Himself the soul ofThe State Senate to-day passed all the Balti- Aetna! State of the Italian Qneatien—The during^bis four years of office, two magnificent es- We admit that this project cannot awaken in them our dear brother here departed," amid solemn silence.other salaried office, shall receive this created newlyRussl:i is in her serfs, and Is In a occupied freeinginfear a plan which would consolidate for ever the in-asThe decree stipulates that only such members of fiePrivy Council (Council of the Regency) as have no hands, and v«e do not believe that she is desirous at which die in the Lordhas,already stated, to,OOOa year as tjenator. of depenuCilceI" sung-ceedings are never published. The office of Privy France is aggrandized it is not at her cost The dis- barricade and the As in most of ourThe pamphlet The Pope and the Congress vras not to perform. All the other memoers of the Privy Fma^y, If England acceded, Prussia would not op- almost as broad as it is long, so much so vhat thaarcDuke of MALixorr, M. Acbilli Focm, M. Tboploho, (President of the Senate,) the Count sa Moaar, M-Europe.We are assured that this combination Is seriouslygravel.lished In the official journal of Bologna, ItalyDon ntoH TBX nniCToa-eainaAL:of the world than to theofmony quittedFUOB or niAKoi] IS raoHDins thi mar or xai rODTinCAL STATU." have been received from Lord Cowlit destined to make room for its latest tenant In afew days more the flags which mark the restlag-peace, but whose names live for evermore.*' CBABACTKKISTICS OF TBK LATI mSTOSUK.From the London Times, Jan. 10.nary, at ForliHaving learned, toward the Sth of the present13, Roax, M^ 1847.'friends and admirers to bestow. Genius and rankHedefeat .Mr. 1'iDii.roED, the John and that the French Government should disavow thethe ult., published one whose name has adJed new lustre to loudly that.be was entirely of the opinion of his Eminence declared that it was all stuff about the brigands in without influence in bringing about the realization ot the country he so proudly loved- In the old Abbey, cheered. We take from the Rhode Itland Prete the as regards the necessity of "warning" the Steele ; he Italy: he had marched from one end of the country this measure, which is said lo be desired by ttie Riv which has (or .-enturles been associated with all thata few on account of the slttingt of the Diet at Frankfortlanguage which is known wherever thepressing the sense of the honor conferred by having they were ahout right. The Minister was astonished, agent, who ranka high in the grade of promotions la among us. Escorted by the noblest and highest in gusge Is read. It was with a peculiar fitness that hethis sentiment assigned to him, called up Hon. Stl- but proceeded to detail his conversation with the bis corps. The number of Americans who pass the land, the body of Macaoiai was left to mingle was in his turn laid in the spot vt hIch he had helpedcourse of thebill, and it thereupon passed by days when we hear much talk of disunion and dlsor- thorized M. Wauvbu to Inform the Nuncio that he diplomatic city the Continent afteras ayes and 1 nay, in the foUowlng shape " :It shall —much ofand invasion—much ofof Paris. Tha the sentiments of the pamphlet The Pofe present Incumbent of the American Consulate there,ills andkind of national canonization...,„^=*K. v"* fMH^iZl'^ ""I''manufacturingwhile all the houses private one, attended a number of men of emi- nearly nence by«''^..Ij'.SSrwA.,J?'S" Introduced a biU to incorpor- f/^l bSI K?'"'' ""«t'0>-. and which will restore to a ti5sl's^^^oi^ifw'^ •* eoawienced attime.employmentto theshipsSSJ^rftiSto^ii^?.*^""**' "«edbroughttotheFresldencysignificationMinisters f It Is as clear aa day that the Emperor are,in try.ThetoietalM {"onSe.j^f^SLv^""""50,000,Is free toILegation at Paris would approve of It, and I need ceded by the usual of funeral plumes. It is cus- ooadies, and then the empty carriagesany of Dental,Surgeons- in share* of powers gir^ u> suchSrtitu-of this change of them. Mr.at Waissn, Beriln,either half cr entirely shut up.Afew before11thecoffinwas minuteseo9Mi-i wasplainalmoittt:in au- the French Government. The Emperor, reply,those notbeUwfnlhereaftertolay,constructoroperate fandlbzlaotoldonandbitterfeeling,itIsagoodthingona andtheCongress,completely,andthathesawnoth- Mr.Riczia,ofLouisiana,andoneoftheverybest sacredpoitlonofourgreatcemeteryderivesanother whosepraisehevalued,assembledtopaytohtiwfj^tInvectiveapprovedInterred another lofty name Is added, and that mostYesterday,inadequate as Ithe sentiment proposed, 1 feel proud to-night to havehla The resignation.that Mr. Rioxxzopportunity to say a few feeble words in refer-ror asked him to reflectdays,Minister taklnd^ offices which diplomatic etiquetteIbeence to the present incumbent of the Presidentialcertainonpraise—for that would be superfluous. A virulent andthan that at four or fire other'WJIVpartisan press, animated solely by party motives. Inj. ifJ„cf'^ m" ??'"=*• Prosperity and hope. [Loud;can be in this 80 qalel^aad yet so grandly paidKa?liJffe^d•eJvioft.e?d.t;o?tih'e^''««^» service ofprocession the the hearse, which was drawn six horses and pre- n>««)n«Bea»—a hearse, threenimecessary;not inpublicopinionpeerthere was a most closevery eminent citizen, like Pm, or Nzuob,^ ubotok. Lord MACAin.AT was, indeed* a man—that Is, he had held high office in thaSCount Waixitbu now comprehended the Impassableoccurs use of the BritishChair—not in defence, that Ispresented the reor- aid degrade the actual President, forgetting that in as I have already said, had committed himself, and sented by a Resldeht Minister. All those acquainted some time, passing the greater part of his day hi the bad taken his seat In the Cabinetabout It a fewIf there were not some method of concealingtransact for AmericansLegislature.the fact that a dlffereaice ofthe Government In other words be Invited the Connt lo come over to his own policy. But the Count,tween whom and the lateand intimate friendship. In the retirement of this half-country residence Lord Hacaitlat had lived forarrangingMr. MonGoaxKT latrodoeada UU to amend the Re- of this obviously improper, upon an occasion M. Tbocvisxl, at Constant'nople, detailing lo him excluded from the ranks and the privileges of the mass of materials which, from all sources, he hadit '^'ould beviEed Statutes and nature.to enlarge upon the»oUcy of thepresent he relative to anlts agatnit heirs de- Administration, or to enter Into details of Its acts or the position In which he would have to stand ifanythe two Bouses, orV^> "Isallar to the bill introduced by Mr. Scoii last" prevents In heirs and reeovery suit* againstLordmade vacant by M. Wauswsxi. Several dis. to that of Resident Minister. The diplomatists of the route which It waa to was marked borne by the Lord Ceaaviuea and the Speaker of theand asking him If be would assume the patches then passed back and forth between Parispost of Consui-General at this point diould be changed leaveMaoatuv^ naUHouse of Commona, wljo he looked asaccepted place,Holly-lodge at 1 1 o'clock, bnt before that'•esllinates."and an understanding havingno4 been arrived at the UonUeur on Thursday last an- possible In making concessluns to his position. Bnt were of courseandas far asclosed,itshoulddenund throughGrosvenor-placetowardstheAbbey,Otherwise the foneial la aU respects, a vras,acceptance. What Is the realperform, should not lU begatFat, Berne,rights and Mr.were pies of the daoeased. And is It that hCBWC gratKy'ngthe country, a thoroughtjieory and pracUikl workiSg foUowlBg out his famous programme of Italyimfmate Vnowledgo of ou? the Adriatic. If tliere be man who Imagines that hardly add that If such a•However much we inay differ lo opinion to-day, the day in which he Uvea, he deceives himself. The public wish than by conferring the Increased rank ceased entitled him. This unmeaning place ofanother iteneratlon, reading the recordistration by the light of history, win award h'm the willwhichUntitled Documentpa-however, which. In spite of Its been terday. Lord Macai'LAT was bornesee theman, the true patriot and the devoted advocate and greatness of the mind that conceived them. M. Wa- In conclusion, Ile butt of satirists almost forunderstand,polkc, wazaiBTIndustry.weie made for filling in the grave and replacing the pavement of the Poet's corner as it was before it waamore or less the rest of gracfously byentertalced at ihis moment by the Cabinets of London 'Dispatcheslibertypursuitshad the Abbey. Shortly after, preparationsthe BMea- ment of AnnisoK restored, and leave perhape aaly the freshly gilt letters to show where lies the great historian-the last but not the least of those who nua- month of May, that the Prince LotTis Nai-olsos Bo- plans of arrangement for Central Italy, proposed by ber in Poet's-corner, " whose bodies are baiiad tastronger note of the 30th In the;GREAT BRII^AIN.greatness his large mind enabled hiasIn his writings he repeatedly alludes to theyear, larger that any slumber in peace beneath Westminster Abbey. burial-place of Englishmen, in terms which showre- existed in fuses to a Consul. The need of a Minister at Frank-joins the house occupied by the Duke of Argyll, be-publicplace onlyrareoec*-fort isEuropean capitals where the United States is repre-Infinitely greaterfuneral attendance ofdiplomatic corps, ardently express the desire that the gathered for his history. Tae procession was fixed to any insertion oi the faneial ezpeDdltnre in theboth hi favor of thisor fourby of those whohour by All the houses of the no- bility and gentry In the neighborhood of Holly-lodgewas, however,;the last pricethemen were those the amon^whothat the landsthelongslght^ and to establish European colonies. They lisd al- lor, Rev. J.Scott, Hf. J.UiUa,M.P., Mr.ldissatisfac-and workmen of different trades. It waa also saidthat the Company had besides engaged a num- subject of remark ; eaterday in the Abbey, fliat jMt aLakeActive preparations are being made for the comple- great door of which the corpse was twme, an htion of the Suez canal.The Paris Bourse had shown some improvementpamphlet ap-As the melancholy processioa advanead Vf- theplacedtolies, moraUiedla:'Those who had been present but not taking part1 o'clock, the previous.public beingadmittedby,claimsdAbbey. Be>oEdthesetoentstietllyafOa« gallonwascomposedof 1~"——Before 1 2 )t o'clock all those to whOB hraodombeIennthgartanted owfeie in their plaees, leavlaaemonydouble the number who were admitted.The Lord Chancellor,Lord John Russell,The Dean of St Paul's, Sir Haaiy Htdlaad,place of the Marquis of LaasnoTsz, was pievaatad«_on the con- "Blessea are the de Spbox's magnificent hymn,dition, in fact, that the principle of nationalties which that die In the Lord." this most scdsanandfrom her bloivs. But Austria has a good deal on her unto me write, From henceforth blessed are the deadsalary uf $20,(00, and thus we learn that the office ofSenator Is a dignity, and not properly either a work- yeais to come, in serious internal difficulties. It is and this concluded the ceremony. Ail who hal beattheir station round the corpse—the fnneni proeeaaiaagravel as It fell upon the coffin. Then waseven so saith the l^pirlt for they rest from their labors.'" At the termination ofail was sung Hasdel's magnifi:;eDt hymn,'*Lord Macaoxat nowsleeps. No mora been paid to the Uloa- trious dead than to lay his bones among fhnae whose history he has recounted, and wbcee'char* acteis he has so sketched. No honortofitttnghabitsfunerals should takeslons, such as Ite death of^a sovereign or ot ir'mtnumnin( In the-ie state funerals to bear before tha wished to show respect after singularpile the fashion;i i(«tlie ^Hnrvf,•RugHfhlaa- Thsand a differentmyay. Following three mourning laid in the h.-aitle!lso.^cw.oi Jie ui;-unanimous verdiet of the far-seeing and nound states-he keeps to himself, and the worldyetwas, 1 believe, Gen. apt)olnted bylike a private citizen,his friendsearntlh amid theirrece,-.e.;.:servantof the Union of the Cnl'<dStales. [Applause.juwsuliad adifferent planpolicy: Itconscience. I on goThomas M. Tryniski 309 South 4th Street Fulton New York 13069my knees to the Emperor ofcoaches and four, the first carriage containing theSoirow they needs must, both forthesakeMr. Riczaapoint Pisses. have an account to regulate wilhfiaviog Seantry, centuries, stiU holds ItsIn the§round, was not athtetemhpetaerdse werefuneral of yester-and,place admirers '""^.:.P:-s'r.e^'m'a;...E-tfopt?o.www.fultonhistory.com 