mmm ppipup* harebNn i&gnlailyDee tram scythingsea—all the others were successfiillrwere three life-boat* launched—as a|«o ftnir others,e"ompriiing a "mail-boat," two "cuttte," aad a At a meeting of paraangan- raved fh>m the wreck in that degree, and was sent to the PenltantiaiT firAvnuaa nf*:niGX.Aiis.ItaUl Vn««-Hc. B«wlB JuM« M. P.,With "Gaibsge" and " Bob Bow-street," the tonner mpposed to be Saia and the ttmtEt^^^l^WTEEjFUITHER PMTiCULARS OE TK OISMTER.- P«t.ElgjiteenUi Ward ; John g. Seal. Ninik iv.-a v•ad kto TMt W *•lervi^auppeie l tyeBrethen-fc be pasHBgei* aini oontinaal Ut, tsslM ii«CeUaFtMt On tMi^ L«adoa OenMpeadant. toaoa, Saturday, Sept. 22, iseo.while in the last Roumd- " Old Polyphemus" extends the fin-caMa pesgengera, Iw^veitTery they exhibited but HtUe sign of <^, yet a matter of course, excited.Johns; ..Jaa, formwaoiM ^^UmUMMgr^DM^Kted myappeared,greatlyteltalDlngcoDaeientoasaemples against capital ishmant.tnrtkis'wfaadtkn*ieaik or to eonmentI write to yon onlyLiverpooljour-tet,;indicted for of Jameillel«'necessarily incomplete,repeatu itnaByis determined to have a fiwetiousnal of Us own, and a Mr. Cbosbt, a wealthy capi- snd that of Iste we talist there, is about to start the Liverpool Porett-stlu the for N«w-Tork.::te9tolojE I^nan,Boiton Dnneanwe^ yon know,hada of gerto the hnmaculate Gioasi AueVB-the fire•eyriltoS16«ii^55rftrtrfck K<Uraj% John^BneklTi KarrO'ibUI ud latm%, Nav-Tork: John SmUTaii.It islatter fisnjiiir 9<0)Mb||» iM fm miMt imaginetiieCMDiaa^'aFlndingthatincreased tn the hold so Icarried GLAnsTONE's motion, and they were ofi'theprotectinggret that she escaped a watery grave. The Ustless- also from the engine-room, hatch, and etoke-hole;next day. After this the business of the ses-whosion to be considered at an end. The oughtness of and their utter some,todecide for hatches. At this time It was an utter impbssibiiity forlMltniIHetaMr-I.it. CDlorer Inhisth*CmMU• Wsdl-rince have yoapatronageItjs, and mention* him asPuaengen,own reporters, and from the Bostonfast,sadpassengers in pumping PatrickSmiran.CathartaeSaniTan.forBostonGeaerml Ig aaal aBa.matter of interest to eommo- tipon,particularsprepuatlons;kindi IiMtenhasbeen a desert.'-neithermore itsownground, utterly exthiguishPunch. The- launched thereUEETmC OF PA8SENGBB8degree, pleaded guilty to an attemptatboiglarr— THE AFFAIR bltk^ that his health did not seem tir^t-rateCOSCKPCIGN—aEIZORFRev. "W. Salter. Mr. Lewis, forCan(ii.--lj, Boston; John.V) d<iICO do....7110 Hiileni K. I'ref ,tW 20i, WChic.B. &Q.R..e36«8that they had no room for hospital-mates ; in plainFromtheNnv-OrleansPicayunr.brig Kinco, (.'apt. Morse, which arrivetl offTUIED CLASS.terms, that he would not rioThey were men inThe|Koee Thoniaa Morrison, A. Morrison, Elixa Brady, MaryiOdobI5 21!.; 16 La Crosse i Mil. R, IH (conBSjjs.primeCruz, reported, brings to us several days later news from Mexico, It;Tiernan, y.U. Movson, James Weir, Mary urogau.John I'rice, John Price. M;iry A. Burke, Michael Kirby, Johnof life, andfor hut ready aaything. theythe Pass 'I'uesdaydirect from Verawith assault and casetotheCourtofGeneralSessions. Tin-tliehad very little resources, and the expeditionmondng,battery,hung fire for some time.Attorney opposedapplication,duties,Frompumpingthe passengers,Bridcet P. •bnt theoutpareaUynroTedlnelbctual; pumping fawas nett. tegCourt, yeiterday,not ofof thepine, which he swearsshallrival, and, at least onwe thelistofpassengers,togetherwiththefullstatementDowney, Lake Donnoh«etor New-YoTk. ONTHEBRIG. thirdor a oasis in its blankness contributors are to be nearly all London men,of Capt. Lanoa.probable, however, A mnlgWrnatinn of the Indian Army, and other that Sir Cbablm will meddle very little more in biljs, were hurried through in the most reckless public ai&irs. I hear from private sources that hely covering it ; and the allegation that the plainttrmanner. Allthatwasthoughtofwashowto getwithhistreatment andas; he,fire broke some throughof thewet blankets and theThe Court allowed on the $1,000. C»5plaintfS' verdict,one thing at the same time, and we were and are;down the whari, calling on all they met to point them light and deck with terrible force ; fa a short time the also Capt. WiLsos and his crew, for their noble con-his seat on the Bench,' has adjoiumed his branch^oftremendously interested about the progress of Gabibaldi.althoughwe have all smce accredited Miss longout. One stout Irish girl nothing wilh her but a pray- flames extended up to the masthead, and almost im- duct. er-book, wlilch she haid climg to through all the catas- mediately burnt all the mainstays and other ropes, astrophe. The aged and feeble ones, as they reached also a sail that was set on the mafamast to keep thethe whari and found no acquaintances, sat .down des- steamer steady. At this time a l>oat wtuch tiad justthe Supreme Ck>urt, and will devote the remaining portion of thc month In clearing his table of ttie eases which he already has before him still undecided.papera^or managersinsurgent "things are predicted, and Covent Garden "68° 14' W.; I think the fire ofthefeltroundtheboilertakingfireated at the aft boiler, on the starooard side.Coart Calendar Fob Tudsssat. United SiAirs District Court.—No calendar40 Y Bank ofN.Sicily,"passedreally The causeivery'rte present was her first voyage across the Atlan- tic. She sailed from New-Orleans for Marseilles, from which port she took a cargo of fruit for Boston,till next Monday.—StiPKEHi CocBT Crecsrr—P«r/ /.—Noe. 1479, 14SI,100 do 300 ilo SOO do S8S dovolunteers in anof the affair called it an excursion toand receiving subscriptions.the sameKing,son, Maria Graham, Margaret Kane, for New-York200 Gal. A Chic. R—I never saw loose, careless,jby yearsfirm,forsev-63Vsplendid specimenTheyb30 3Sy 100 do . ... 3SV300 do:manner possible.defendant obtainedtwenty daysin which tomakea'EvAKS (Mrs. G. H. Lewes) with the honor, the You have heard all about this—what steps he has claims of Mr. Ligoinb, of New Eaton, are agampairing, not knowing where to go.returned from the brigantfae was sent forward underTHE L.AST OF THE COUNAUGHT. Boston, Wednesday, Oct. 10.Dectaieas.SCPKEHE COURT—8FECUX TISK.taken, what progress he has made, how he has oc-The schooner Lamartine, from Nova Scotia, ar-The grounds for the claim are cifpied Naples, Ac., &c. All this you can gather that Mr. LiGOiNS was known to.^ writing a se-from theyou what has not been printed what 1 have ex- of Cleric^ Life; th^ the so<alled "Georgegfreat guns takingally suppliesliave been subscribed for the aid offunctions are to tell ries of public prints. My —stories,such as werepublishedas Sccnctremafaed to the last boat, and vrith the assistance of Mr. Hocsa, my first mate, tSti others,—LsoKABB, Scikvorlmgvrclusive means of and an exclusive man- learning,exanuned the to see no one was left on txiard sldpItday morning,when she went down with a loudexplo-J.tion denied with VIO costs.LiGOnts' ner of reporting. And these functions, despite the never denietl bis acquaintance ;;" chaflF" of the Review, and the indigna- LinGiNS himself Saturdaywas built for S. we left the steamer and took to the tioat when we ;80~tion of the Cormhill Magazine, I intend to carry ded to, has never made any public statement. The out. That I do what I, profess is proved by these Liggins partisans would now have it tlrat he actu-tlie trouble to load and fire at .sosmall a target as myself. Well, then, you have and improved by Mi.ss Etaxs.heard, of course, of the English volunteers for Theatricals are flourishing. The awful weather GariraU)!. We ajR a peculiar people, and what- which we have had has been of course beneficialcaptafa acted m the most attentive manner to all alikethe last we saw of the steamer was at atiout 3 o'clock, thecurrent. Whatitfhe fireorigin-88J,100 doSalisbury-street joined. I went into a room titted like an office,to order.employ of Messrs. S. ScmiFSR & Bbotui^es since 1644, during which time he has had command of three ves-1474, 1494,1488,; it was filled with men lounging about, smoking and chatting. A clerkthe first being the Magnolia, which was engaged88iiwith desks 'and chairssat at a desk, taking down the names of1114,115,116.Stinuuoa CocBT—Part I.While I was there a delicate-look- ing young man came in and offered himsell as a va^u\|(eer. But they wouldn't liavc him. tolJ himeither.^^^^^^The Mexican News.Cityi3(i>jing particular..cause, so the;(8 200103 SO doandsoitwas, was, of course, well understood.was pqpular. The recruits were numerous, andwhen I Went to the head office inStrand, some three weeks ago, about HOO had opponents as Sims Beeves, Santley and Pkzefa,;recruits^, A linpr body of menRev. D,fur Boston; Mrs. M. Graham, Mri, B.—, andS3063 sGO 63100 doti»at!i jnaa ..elSH Kit|THE LIST OFTilt* following is a full list of the Connaxu:hVtiPart II.— 1402, 14<j«, 1470, 1472,do 88 100 do860 471( 47Jg\N06. 1420, 1414,I;consignedCapt.|theoriginalrecord:Nos. 62,63,67,85, 10, 26, 42, 77, 106, 109 Ji, 110, 111, 112,113,i6087JiRailroad..IM3(|— selsPIKST CLASS,Anna 0*Farrell, James i'arrelJ, June Farrell, Eliza-Ii F. Brennan* Brennan, Michael Brennan, for Boston; James O'Keil,100 Hudson lUver R 250 dofor the announcements in which fellows, up to anythmg, and to oe appalled by he was described as the author of "Louis the460 do Ian Irishman named Win- chin, stood considerably above six feet, and was aEleventh " and the " Corsican Brothers," msteadbuilding of the Minnie SchiJ'eT, which is named after a beloved child of the owners, whose name will be associated in histo^- with one of the noblest acts ofnothing.TheCaptain,Roseanna Farrel, for New- Kev. .T. Brady, Mrs. C. Mulleck, Patrick Mc- GraUi.for Bo:»ton ; Richard Walsh, Uuglt C. Mackay, M. jfTDLviue. W. H. Butipr, W. Byrne. Pairick Farreft,dare-devil sort ofof thejournalseralHenry Mills, U. Whittle,OYER AND TER.1IINEK.Trial of Patrick Hocan for the Murder of lOOKric Railroadhad been soAt length, on Sundaywhich had been chartered for them. About 250 of the recent difficulty between the two Governments.touAtargaret O'Hanlon. Mary O'Hanlon, EUaabeth O'Han-aioming last the first batch of volimteers startedfrom Gravesend, in a steamer called the Mclazzo, Maria Crmcfpcion, but presents an enUrely new pliivsegoods. Judyinp from his well-known humanity, lu^tlung could have afuTdcd him so much graiitica- tion as the opiKirtunity of being instrumental inBreen, Thomn.-- William Lewis, Ellen Kelly,slSSS^ M6820* do.^ maSailed in her, all inout of the Spanish war steamer Vrlasco, with official dispatches from Havana, as before stated, a note was pa.ssed from the Spaidsh Commodore to the Constitu- tional Government, demanding the Immediate restitu-saving so manyhumanlives. I'assengerswho haveIkmds of men in this wild crewarrivc:uinthisCity, wl.omareMr.N&wman,the among.—life too military costlyfor their smalla fewdamages, otherwise the of Vera Cruz woiUd at CityS73d3SOSO do .baawthrough46— Thereareall tip-top spirits.|.. 103 100 dowho have spent their patrimony, English hell-rakesspeakin trrins ofgreatadmiration heroic con- of^the50 Pacific M. S. Co.^0 8) 160, do b308»<who have done ditto, ex-army officers who found aduct of Capt, Wilson in remaining by the burningSarah Mullins, Kate Mullins, Kosena Flaherty for New-A Polishgentleman,namedJacobaky,indicted fordotmpurses, loungers men with a couple of hundred a year, who have run all the varied excitementsoncebebombarded. Ascompliancewiththisdemandhad already, in accordance with the decision of theCourts, been formally declined, and the l&st note was couraged the desponding seamen, and urged them to Bri(Sget ykinner, Catharine Darcv. for New- York150 do150 111, Cen. R. Sfor the higher pleasures, and who are going, literal- ly for the sake of killing their worst enemy, Time.Equal credit is awarded to Capt. Leitcii, whose;;tha^tfae Italian Dictator has received him with shot fired ;aoc-Irish adventurersjnot GeiiCBl Sessions.and was remanded to tlicCourt ofs3»8a SO Chic. A Kk.bl.itsOi n^the Amerloanwarmth. So he should, for Edwin is a good fel- In consequence of thlsnote allfiirther action in thelow, and ever since his defence of Bzrnard, (im-'Spanish sqnad- ron. with the excedtlon Of one yessisl, sailed back to Havsna. Without istendiUK to Indorse this state-;their comfort under the trying circumstances Morris Lynch, Mary Lynch. Michael Caffery, Peter sentenc3, two ye^u-s with hard labor in tlie Peniten-it.from to posed that it is to be used in support of the expedition Tummg politics literature, tiiere is moie against the capital as before mentioned. .\ consid-of hiterest to communicate. Do notthoae who tell you that Ur. Chaklks Dickkns i« at work on a new monthly serial, because it i?. not true ; snch work, at least, is not at present com- menced, though perhaps before long the great nov-erable of the portionready,provingMcDonohue, forWilliam, James, William and Sarahof ielist may plot out a new tale^be aopae tiine before the public see the fiijjfM of his labors. Mr. Thackskat, it is said, has it in con-'he """'''*Central, SSiM^ouris,tempbtioD to write a history of Queen Anm: ' Is well versed in t^ annals of her reign""d otherup tlieir positions beforeHonora Joyce, Michael Joyce. JohnWard, andmore brilliantly. Whedierthisistobeaseparatebook, or to appear in the pages of the Cornhill, does not seem to be known. Apropos of the ComhUl, Mr. on Hooaste in the next number. He has himself announced this in his\'-^^Z'Ke.'' .U^^^^^^-.buoyancy,theliterature ofthe epoch, and no one could do itPKUSONAL.wiiband forward buniLcrsfor Boston Martin ;lUtUtrated Neics, wherein witlTpoor wit and bad;" Those curious in the quarrels and friendships of the lit-Mary Kennedy, Anna Gallaghei, James and Catherine Feeny, Elixa Claby, Mary Healy,a reolv, and Mc-—JudylAfTe-„ Ilann ViirrayI Iof them as " dullerary world will see with interest the Sala-and- pastor,HoRan turned away, withoutresolute and manifested a disposition to help us they Ann Finlan, Mary rian»ghan,M. G. Garvin, Patrick, Laughlin and Murray left the store. Thev returned, dayt .Burlington, $J1,000 GalsM, fl4',£eQ ;taste hespeaksverbosity.ElizabethmaldngThackery alliance evidenced in the writings ofMary A. Dangau. for Boston jlhmiel and Margaret^ Mollaly, Mwrhael Vhelan, Mary Down, Widow LoteM, Catherine HIgKins, Henrythey passed, accordingtheee gentlemen. Turn to Hr. Sala'S book, T'lcieeThe change infavor at the borrower. TheKound the Clock, published less than two yearsmuc^^s— John Tully, Tighe,believe, howeverBridgets from the median line.after the w-oimd was inflicted, vfas lakeii iv liic Ji" iii-at all event.s. It willfaJ'i' n? - ?' thL,.»L.,C^is.;;he and thei-_ <-,-^_,.._ ,,. Joyce,young iN -vears olil. lo l«ke a drmk. Sic- the invranon. .Uterward.s theysupply aipumment;the water decreasedlast long, for the water again began to increase,not andYork jJas. C'arolan.i Maiv JKCccIlIiy, forBot<-!active ser-was also commenced by a fia Blakely, Mary ffWJa, Bridget Flood, for BostonIn;.,u,'!^"^J"4;'° y union. Thevice at this time ;"Murray, of tliellaly,.iago, andPolyphemus withering mankind through his spec- mund Head is to leave for Engiajia on lUe 12th HeCity HoepitaLinquiryyouwill see Trackibat termed as "Olathat Sir Ed; John Flarharty, Maria o'clock, the engineer discovered smoke Ruoh, Judy Welch, for New-York Mary Maculy. fcrgoes on private bastaess, and wilTbe=>nd you will see Thackikat the feet post about two months. It is rumored that Si- va;the makers and indorsers areA *««^'"i; discount finn r^orts atacles turn ;"to the Virginiaru of the same date,absent from his moaey, l»adis=iSoimcc"up from the aft .^tuke-hole. and reported the ciicum- Boston Anna V. Smith, John aOBnjN ;bo^>hatWUUanL MoOoaald,way.bemoaning mund has lately inherited ie»0,000 in hi»literary profession leads him to be classed valuaMs real e«t»te.tothought the siiip waa on fire, I ordered ail the forc« Jases and Catherine Metom, •»tlwriM. lUlon-t WardWard; OarrettDaniel Conover, Eighteenth WardMr 8AI.A U one of Mr. TBacK»A«'8 pfjMtTewtmw^itntleo ;;lOHl wefind him doing yeoinan'aCon-lahtLSnith, Ninth Ward.*">TMWa»d;Hart-Diirable•o*m^know what Uttleand Uterary gostdp there is floating Highlands. He will find a good pen coUaboraleurboth vessels were standing to the northwhich to be a on inganyattentidnto,oraeeiiagonrsignals; theotlierposed in me, and to let you cal, socialsmopg us.poUti-has been his autumnal vacation in the spendinglarge number of persoas wlu> issembled there had the;Butler,ofHenrr Niles. of In-axe at a micountHokaobMat-W.,very;Politicuna, law^givvrs and V. P. 'a 'Wtte a& thoroughly worn out ioBg before the protracted Parliament seasioD, with its great rerboaity and its nothing^doingf its WMatanand. Benchesin the fiur North. Mr.BXW, another Punch man, hu just retnmed Cram a trip to your country and Canada, and it ia said IsKnglisbpolitics,!beentoorfaigGordon4rCro*manya.TkeArtitatu'Bankami me other StOL—Tbe an^eatidB ef ex^Jadge Ctmfkt for an iitjnnction and ReceiTet la thii ease, was now to hare coBie vp befote JodfeXaoaaui at Chambers of the Supreme C:onrt, but counsel appeared for the several depositors, creditota, Ae„ Ac, aad consentediwkea and Scotch mountains, from pleasant sea-— were got on board from the lee side; at first we could notandofbrilliantpromise andmanyapooremigrant keeptheIwatsontheleesideoftiie steamer,mcon- ioKtestimonytotheintrepidcoolnessandfidelityof mandsofcreditorswhoseclaimsarcdueintatasaaaside resorts and Continental spa% from where theplay theyCapt. Lkitch and his couraiteous officem fn our securingTBLYANhadof his recall. It is"««•* he speaksof tfaaMartiningftmneiloiiiaioiu irom reading the crimeinthenewspapers. Fivewereset«5dsS-S!roagaiine ;" about Paper,wett—Inrtaail" Oh, the wheels within wheelsset aconsequenceinability,splitwith the Liberal in Partymeeting adjourned, subscriptions were solicited for a testimonial to Capt Wilson and First- officer Teomab CoKitASTON, of thc brig Minnie Schiffer,secure the the extevathm soScien^ pnblle against byis utterly disgustedportions all of Ee,svenbteedn expected, considering the close quarters to as through the first skylight ;deck,as wellMEETING OP PASSENGERS IN BOSTON.Eliot," though denyingauthorship, and thatFa^an vs. Fagan et of.—Injunction made penu- Worrni «. Edia/ et of.—Motion granted. \but went subsequentlyashore,as elsewherenothing he hasandHaving brought upiiidc, of course witli a view tohshes, as well as a patriotic impalse. Jaubs is vessels of war, tbej Berettgvela, Akedo and ValoKo. freshments.1one of the leaders of tlie Bar. and hasThe truth, however, will soon reach us in an aiitbor-STATEMENT The CmnaughtOF left St.f|,r ti,^ They laughed in the' Clubs wlienBy the mail from Northern Mexico, brought to us;;; Honora Welch, for New-Yorktlie breaking CountyaAUii, and said he would be wilted:Itjliaii extraordinary that, though portentously stom andat gale, and con-didnotknowwhatan heavy-looking, he never, no matter to wiiutJfartinbe oilic-vviseless forward,States ol III.' Northwestaun. Butthey;Dooly, Boyce.Theseman heandarraigmiientsdisposedwliiclitheyis,Michael forBoston, Hojran,rick wasai thehe may have been sitting up in the House consultations, niissvs V)eing in h's saddle ping towards HJ de Park, at eiglit o'clock morning.May last, by stabbing hiiu with a dlrk-knile, in front olin their abundant plantingpr.is|«T;iy. will! the manufacturing activity of flie North and E.nst. and thc great trade and commeice of Die S< jhoard. the bonds of a common ITnion an made duubly equal to the ordinary emergeacjtjyCath. Lcany, forthe;last colmnb o</Wi4fr.<»< "Z*i-.fork r;.-... in his friend Mr. 8iuai.IT Baooxa, who has alsoMtacue beside her, heading for India wtiarf, and the was a biisaabe ; at the time, our head was to the man, American Consul at St. .Johns ; William Don-'TBI anon w.as»s."were empty, and even those remaining in town is better than a dead lion," in some instances.great cry and Bttle wool,There is no truth intheA living dog a dead lion now, andagainst the piers and poshing out of a plank seemed to "did so &om sheer When a is necessity. bugle rang Poor BoBXST BnouoHof the unfortunates) hearty and continued cheers made on l>oard the steamer to longthe fire fa Thomas H. Cohbastok, and to the crew of the Jfiuno subjec- Scktffer, our warmest and most grateful thanks for theirpoetoonemeatiaimer counts his load of mangel-wuitzel and week. There is great hope that the Brough memo-_the gambler pricks on a card the chances of black rial fund will reach a thousand pounds beMre themalls, the only articles saved from the Simnaufkt, with great care we succeeded fa getting the t>oats on exertions in the appalling peril that befel us.the lee sid^ of the steamer, so that they could receive Resolved, That the officers of this meeting be a Com-Street EacaTatleBa.HEAVY TERKICT IH A BCIT TO BECOVKK FOE PI»- SONiX ISJCBIES.an4i«d,ourlegislatorscametumblingback.Grand effortsofitspromotersarerelaxed.were landed, and then followed one of those em- the remaining passengers the small boat referred to mittee to ;subscriptions for anprocure appropriate testisaigniors,countythe Quarterlybarrister ofscenes incidental to the arrival of a large body of the were quickly and safely conveyed on cer, and to provide and pre,^nt them at the earliest passengers time, and that for thi^ purpose they be au-rank and capabilitiesold fellows who never comebrace,—but, on the other hand, there was a sad viewthe fire could t>e kept do'wn, while the passengersThat we commend to the charitiesolent public those of onr companions who by this calam-members who are elected with-inently interesting, yet, in ^some respects, Md above was the first one that reached the brigantfaegonialto Capt. Wilson, Mr. CoaaAXTON. his first offi-oldout the smallest doubt, landgraves whose burgesses believe them to be only inferior to Providence inThe new editorReview is to be;—experience, and an old school-fellowofMr. John mother, relatives of all relations united in fond em-the steamer. It was only by the utmost exertion thatheroic darina and disintered benevolence.the Superior Court before Jnstioe Pizsi^rotiT for several days, and was stated in OeSpring months, but absquatulate in June. They Thethat "a man was coming from In-indeed,through the soles of one's shoesstill more uncomfortable, the pitch commenced melt- fag out of the seams of ttie spar-deck, the smoke—came, they saw, they voted, they conquered they diawe heard escape firom the lips of onepoor woman,and, what made itGeo.Scott A. Smith. Wm. H. Butler, W. H. Newman, Amer-house. No. 424 Grand-street, The unprotected.—were mto the lx)ats. On the weather being passedTiKss of the (tth instThe plaintifT sued to recoverup to divide except on the greatest occasions were ing more is known of him by the general public.for conseqaeaoe«een in the of the House, and with them all hasor brother, In the resultingthat death hadthe passengers were forced to go to the lee side oftUsolred, That the Secretaries of this meeting requestdamageslobby But Mr. McBKAT is a long-headed man, and the tag-rag and bobtail which work away in the doubtless full confidence in his friend's abilities.discoveryof iron commenced warpingsustained, WILLIAM HEN'BY, Chairman. of the defendant'sasalleged, inabout to publish a volume of liis impressions.portion passengers got ready adopted:wharf, as we have stated, there vna an extremely be conveyed to tte farigantfae ; the ant boat was a Kaalred, That we acknowledge with deroat gratttn^eout, it was nimored that ;tbe ConserrttiTefl thousands who would notwere aboDt maUag a great struggle against the living, are flocking to do honor to his memory. gratulation.;humane, noble, generous, 8elf.9acr]flclnf; and heroic ex-Goremmeot on the question of remitting the dnty The and Manchester are exam Liverpool peopleparatively joyful-looking passengers feebly acknow-keep the vessel from going downa number of greatGod of onrpreservationwill ever cherish their mem-from " "ledgedthe sentiments of the first whom they kfadlyories in onr holiest recollections, and delight to do honortt is ar-!eafore%npaper,xndloandbehold Biglish piesofthis. The SavageClub amateurswentweretoseeinthenew —inthelandoffreedom singleropefromtheweathersideofthesteamer;others countryeveryportionoftheworld. misedthat the all^oitswillbedis-to these towns to such large houses thattheir and had burlesque,continued, the Bankorits friends satisfyiagUie de-ofa Mr. Macphebson, an IndianMuBKAY, the proprietor of the Quarterly. Noth-Resolved,to the pictcrc. Vain search for father, mother, son, side of the vessel the iron t>ecame so heated that ity are left in desolation and distress.of a benev-knowledgeto this editorialBrady, F. Brown. Kev. Patrick Ring, Henry Niles,"time that the coming man was Sfa- Cbablbs Tbk-;post,caused a rumor at oneunder whosebare-headed, bare-footed and ragged children, the re-Wm.Donnelly, Tbos.claimed to have fallenthereinwhilewalUnathoughallu- casual The Minnie prominently notice.Schifferwith other light portionsofthc deck, cargo, etc.OK THE MAKIAOF A5 IMMK.NSE COXDUCTA..000 do ... . 'isof the most important cha'racter, and not only con- firms that we have before had in regard to the final condemnation and confiscation of the Spanish bark|;MicliatlIt is to this cffect„that after the arriv;il immediatelyparties who CharleswereLivingston,charged petit larceny,tion of the condemned vessel and the ofpassengers,of a London life, ^ho have not money enough conceived fa the most oeremptory terms. Its contents continue their humane efforts.nolds,were at once communicated to Cupt. Jaktis, of the D.tonNolan, for Boston respectable youth years of age. It wasS. and Officer of the sloop-of-war Savaimah, Flag;Home Squadron. Tberenpon Capt. Jasvis immedi- ately passed a note to the Spanish Commodore, in which he not only condemned lus course in the decid-Harney, (^^Uid. Henrycer, for New-York; Mary Connolly. Catharine Shicl,the State Prison, but as the law allows the Court toThc niarl.ct for Stocksto-dayEdwih James, the member of Parliament forlebone, has gone out to see Garibaldi, and let-ters have since been received from him which show claring, as the words are qaeted to us, "that he When all theuntil soul had been everyKiltian, Anna Foster. Patrick Quilan, Maria Foley, Bridget Higgins, Winifred Burke, Patrick Kiley,discriminate between oifenUers and tlietliey should be subjected lo, two years with haul laborMary-the franticsafely placed in the boat, and were fairly clear of theMargaretpunishment fretrlbuiion assigned Inconcluded with de- would consider the firstehot nted upon Vera Cruz ased terms it but deserved*John Lowrey, Margiret in th<-was thcuponsquadron."done to Kenny, Boston; Ellen Gibhs, for St. Johns: Ana was led away by evil company. He received ;he samematter was and the whole suspended,find room in the cabin, and everything was and infant, for New-Y'ork RoddyMaryV. McGuire.a Presidential season as any other in sha|nng theyesterday by the Atlantic, from Brazoswe;Court to allow Mm to be bailed in the sum of Elizabetli Case, for New-York 11. Howe, inclietetl for assault andfinallyburning, sinking wreck. passengersMaria Dolan. for Bostonhad been disposed on board Fleming, Honora Tobin. Margaret, Sarah and Margaret him.Penitentiaryour friend, Mr. Sala." !of the crewIn, tbarebr oompelUng them to abudonproverb,onbeing Remlred, That we tender to Capt. Jobh Wosok, to Hr, to a aatOrSataiday aezt,'givehim ashillingfreely usedthatare going again nextdom on the Imatshat, in quiet, but not less earnest, response. The but. after a wtiile, the sea somewhat moderated, and them a heartfelt tribute of gratitude for their untiringthe original matter, which is revisedIntended by Capt. Wilson, her present commander. She was intended for the New-Orleans and Brazosgreatestwith a version of Tannhauser." There is a small musical public in London during the Winter months, and it is probable tltat neither of theoriginated300N..bmmit sM463i S30 88H 50 H. So. A N. LG.Sk. fTVhouses will do much goodat any rate with suchWilson has been in thepas- from1456,1476, 1478, 1480, 1482, 1484, 1480,100 140O, MM, 100dobliOSS^ 200 b388)i SOdo b«4g do sM4Tthe laurels.and Harrisonmust look to their98,lOI,9,.bao 83)i SBPynetroup..The Boxircicau'lts have made a decided hit at the Adelphi, and will probably do well for some time. Dion was greatly hauled over the coals in severaltransport during "Wr, atHarding,P.Jiahoo,for New-Tork—CoAiMON Pleas—Parti,—Same as Wednesday.s3087^ ...There has been some hitch about the appesirance of Bboughasi and hisYorkThomas IVcl,anj£fallD.Tlic <'imn opened duly yesterday morning atof the skillful adapter only.;860 37Si 500 Chic. & K.ISI.R.S30 3!< TOO do.TllKof manhood.successful in their recruiting that they were grow- comedy, as the English public has seen nothing of humanity.7IJ« bioriji baOTIKrigmm, toHa ^-CtMlf8mlttrT«,thwi;7*5^'plicated in a plotgone in stronply g» the radical and anii-ilespot ment, wliich comes to us only as a vailnl report, we nourishment to the passengers, and Capt. Wilson Cowrey, Charlotte Sweeny, for New-Yorktiary. William P.practicalagainstEmperor,)whom thereCats, against were two in-the Frenchhas;the loaves and latest Havana mall repents tke 'return- home of three everywhere'been much mti. made Ho-itative form, tthe English steamer at Havana fi-om byCAPT. Johns,and Smith notmedium of the ballot-box.Just now the materialtlisappointed m having seen twolicitor-General over Ids head. lUnwith Government now, and looks vir\- v-.tcnext Judgeship.they Tftard that Jam zs had started to join Oari- also Lave the important intelligence of the seizure,Roeers was sent to the liUffry, Patrick Keenan, Bridget Morrissy, for New- A man named Reed was charged witli misdemeanor,Vera Cruz, the 1st inst., should the mails direct the by;Bridget Kelly, Micnael Kiggin, Michael Uogan,ho stands in well Po/omar., now some days overdue, not come to hand before.the after- noon, the wind then blowing from the S. W. at a mod-;activitycountry,period large fine and a liberal ex-by orders of Gen. Digollado, of an immense specie conducta, amounting to $1,200,000 in all, from Zar:a- tecas and Guanajuato, bound to Tampico. The evi- dence of this scandalous act is said to be undoubted. It comes to us in of letters from the conductorsandW.N.W.Roger?, for BostonCarney, John McCaulcy, for Bostoncopieshour themselves to individuals largely interested in the;the The seizure was or at safetyof money.whoimme- AuB'M^KJn. for New-Yorkcalled all hands Susan Harris, Mary Hallorao, for New-Yorka^culturalmale at La- guna Seca, on the 9th ult., and the whole orderedthe engine-room by an engtaeer on duty,Winni Connor, for Bost<pnIrejoiceiio^. back to The Lagos.;Miirvcausethe ure of the money that we have heard Is, tfiat the;exigencies of the campaign demandedleak be stopped as speedily as possible. The engfae. Kgan. Maria, Ann and Kate Egao. Michael Harutv, Catherine Kennedy, Mary Quinn. Bridget McDonougn.Witr, the residentsurgeon of the City Hospital, on the left side o( the1eily. waswefor New- Cunning- ham, Mary liinoguc, Thomas Hanley, Dsnnfs Haolev.BaUway"TTn Overliyfd, under chaVirVnfM'"^,''',onlyassigned for the seiz-'To one of ourconsigned the large sum of $100,000.<AlcLaughhu, iiniueiiialL-lymoney was destined for thisBoston; James, Ellen, Ellen,;principal houses,understand,afterwards two were YorkArneNatty, JolmIn thisgewl authority, that Gen. Doblado had effected a loangot ready and conveyed down into the engine-room aid Lawrence Martin H&nley,early Board,connection it is also stated to us, on equallyj"' in of *«"MWO, support;the same ex- security given was the confiscated church.' How far the loan was volun-ket""',i;S'';Xd-i,i,g'i'i,'i;r,d'''o'f.r.t^he Liberal hadtheunitedeffortsoftheandI5oards and at thet!.at arrived at ex pec tedand crew were;and not without a favorable result, for fa a short time... ,..„.. Ruberry. for New-„!t^i'^"-^\ i.i Ki-I,- ,. T> Agnes Brown,parueswere, residents ..flhi]'-'''^'af'd.''TMss to us ure inteaigeni^Erie,theon Sunday l^^Telin the ^'^"'-'' ^ereG. A. Sala finishes hisanonymouscolumn,"LiteratureandArt,"inthe.hasbeenengagedinthebtrnh^S'"^":.^«^^fe.",°. ^dextentthatitcompletelyextinguishedthefireunderWilliam Pan- Gragan, JohnHocgan, Connolly. Darbypaperscer from Texas.•'"•"'soi., an offi-o'clo^ncs- ivas assaulted, without provoeation, Jliirrayis one of the sister State.John Widow and Mary Hughes. Mary Lydoii, Cody,byhis-There h. trouble mfor the first week in OctoberdeUveryatFori Worththe First Reformed Pre.bvBridgetTherevtrSSn '"''., dUsciples of J^I j,?hfS""TM*"-ancard. Bddget Welch, BridgetMcGrah.Ellen CJinuon.72!tiM.Southern 88^lM. Guaranteed.A reward of «*Vourtiie forw ard boilersat this time there was adealWm. McKeona, Henry, Lucinda andcording tostatement,he didnot respond.railway tii9l|c ^were annoancad t6-Unan Church at Pittsburgh, Peiui.to this line of conduct there were but few ex-however, sawHogan without prese^Uy, Aid standing,andral advance onlas thecommands, there was some little;his coat, on thesidewalk in Iront of the as store^and^'d^^s-^mr re'rS'^?fpa^rtU""Tffi?."^ '^''^ in con^versy^DalyUie^points—The Toronto LfJider announces;inOictinRMichael Quin, Pat which be died in theSantiago,S. W. at this ttaie everythmg on board theMaryAs to the progress ofea^c<l.luiilliemsht VH, IBetweenof each stockarmy already divisions were soonwieb-strecl. Theywere both. ;.>al. rc-t of Ihc ihccontinued steady, and theT^*""'^vessel freewere occupied about twelve hours; by 8 Sunday rooming the water had increased to sueh<*»', '^"='""'K-greatDelia Dmahne,New-York;KnowleF.Rev. Dr.is accused of DouLcouldceptionsand worked remarkably iiard ;conf\t5ion, but the majority of those on board JteplniinoiaCenttal,$15,800. Thesebeing aUbe- cnreapoHfiaghaving maltreated;the crew qulqkiy ofceyedallmyAnn Mary Sexton, Patrick, Bridgetgood figuresfarthe"pPe-ar^i*t^'«p?.eh'^gMary Farragfcan, Mary Mullowney, S.Hiuoran. Aim Welsh. AUoeandIt isail incised <woundthe city.but this state of affairs did great rapidity Into the engine-room;limited and ;" "PPears, '-the prisoner Hogan, receiving from him aheartyblow in the face, to which,ac-...m"' '"^''" °^"^<^ f»rWinneiy Corlls, Williamhis ownMcLaughlin asked Hogan why he struck his friend.The following gains on Westernsup-i:tK Itpp-'gOTk tUneg, tlmrg>og« ^tJohtt it. '. Iff Ihf.DevJne,for^itott;the testimony of llurray, nrovocation, stabbed HcLaugfaUn with a dirk-knife,Statenmttrf Captain Leitdi in nO—lV Kinnie Schlffer ud^Her Ciq^ttiii—FuU List ofThe the Itditsanongreport if^aourPott, fcf yesterday, we gather addltloiul;H. "Ha-n"- Canby, Marli*a «Hwc»D.e.r..m.o-t~t-. r^rs-i Lalby",»- s-the disaster to the ports having beengetoat-theton. ReT. Mr. Boyle, lBeb^Ba]enB, Winn^m.propertywas tried aidownedin which hebetween New-Orleans and Brazos Santi-Stephen- ;b60of CotaunLgkU The telegraphic re-to tare ordeied the boats to be got faIbrU Ana te Hev-Tork Bcddr, onmn,reoelTing igh11ii,At this Ume few on board one year. •BdlMxnnnKmwithaUtherestoftheworidiLeicester,Buckingham,Hollingshead,Byron,ABKITALOFTHBPASSENGERSINBOSTON.magnigf.e"stedanypirtlcalavrerdye^tofthepassengersandbnrniiigoftheiteaoierCmna»gU,held JohnDelancT,indictedtirlareenr"tmmtheptt"le^al-wtthoot greenconrnw! The on Tues- haTetbeen a-deaerter from its dreary bncksohtude. Frank Talfoord, Edmund Tates, &c. The first The brig Uimut Sckiffer arrived at the foot of India first boaU were limnched aboot S o'olock on Sunday thebrlgJfmnaSctl^er.IilBaaton Hartior,on" of Joseph Singlehnrat, on the I4Ut of Jum, Krei now 1 am only a temporary sojourner here, number will appear somewhere about the middle of wharf at I o'clock on Tuesday afternoon, under tow afternoon—the last one, fa the course of two dar, the <th of October, Mr, Wm. Henry, of New- pleaded gullfr to an attempt at grand lareenr, mmimresidence to uiother; but I thiakof the Beteue. Her arrival was greeted by slurats ofhours afterwardstress, one at each mast-head, and one at the mafa gaif; soon after a man was sent aloft to make observa-''? J*'SfS'~TM **°'«'*r •""'Saice.OBlyfrom abe countryit battw first to send yoo a few Itaes to show thatthe crowds ofupon the wharf, and fllled all availableScheatea, of Lirerpool, En^bnd;my flightandIwill beonthe;'"^ "**look-out to send Talking of Punch reminds me that we are likely to have srane splendid earica- I am not obHvious of the trust which you hare re- tuiea of Scotch sporting life, as Mr. JoBH LnOHa bird of passage restingWm. Salter, of"***" l«reeny, aad ae-next month, you a specimen.applanse bypeople who bad assembledupon tionsmUttSonRMlrc.hwM^mHaolmbrJp.oCkoite, on the 12th Auanst.vessels. It waspassengers would be landed at Battery wharf, but a another vessel was observed bearing tbri same wayHenry A.nelgbboilng;of Boston F, of Baltimoreconvicted aad fined «2S.satisfactionr of seeing the Mimae with the Seifftr,proved bark, passed wttltont pay- diana; Scott A. Smith, of Rliode Island; W. H. New-Ai a— The tlaBaak.Caae.tide that then tumedin the opposite direction, madepedestrianism along Commerdal-street, for an houror so, rather disagreeable, if not dangerous. At India manned, and a of the tolarge assemblage, and as the brig rubbed gently;the the merciful intervomtion of DiTine Proridenae in de-;make assurance doubly sure" (in regard to the safety composed of womengreat exertions were stilld^«» It will be remembered that tte flrst appHcaHonwilBwhen went up in token of warm sympathy and hearty con- tionwater fa everykeep possible sliapeand manner wascould possibly be ertions inThe but com- roughly clad, imwashed,;pecuriDgour deliTerance fromimminentdeath;adjournednntU thatdayto alloar theezpiratfcmofth^lifted the remnant of what was once a substantial of the sequenceship driftingfast;safety and contributing to our comfort, and we pay totime.care clustered a of groupican Consul at St. Johns, N. F.plaintiffthemselves where fiist to go, or what first to do, was a any one to look into the mafa abaft engfae-room 1 ;was iirto another injuredbyfalUngfeature of the scene never to t>e forgotten. We shall now came to the conclusion that the vessel would in-andabout£500wassubscribed. Alistwill lished in a few days.bepub-ezeavatianaaala for a sewer, with wluch defendant had nothing to do.never forget it. As a general thing, the passengers evitably t>e burnedatatwut o'clockP.H..theThetrialnowresultedinaverdictforas n«at as conld a healthy appearance—up;fat aadthe work in theIt teat get tbrou^ and the House was closed. Lord Macaclay'b splendid fortune, he can afford hours. Most of them appeared to be warmly clad, tial success. About 9 5« o'clock the passengers were The passenger^ of the steamer Connaught liaTethttNighquickestthroughhiswife,has now inheritednearlyBoBios, Wednesday, Oct. 10. but among them were some women and children who all placed in the boats, and soon afterward on the held a meeting and passed resolutions warmly compli-to lie fallow the remainder of his life.discussion a« to the authorship of Adam Btie, andwere not so fortunate. Some were seeking for friends deck of the brigantfaeJadge PierApeat.being put forward.the leeforeriggfagto get some if provisions, pos-which they had been confined for the past forty-eight hose were brought quickly to bear, but with only par-Truth to tell, the public didnt care a bit about it.We have no room to be interested about more than An attempt is again being made to revive the- whom tbey did not know by sight, and ran up and subdued sky- menting Capt LuTca, his officers and crew and His Honor Justice Fiebubpoht having resigned*the Mexicanbeth Lyons, Catherine Hughes. Mary JohnBtODC^. A. £.as alanded the first cargo ofHe afterwards took command of the schooner Susan,Capt. Wilson is a native of Baltimore, his wife re- siding in New-Orleans, wheie he makes his homeMrs. lianjcrish, Mia^ Ware, Samuel Harris, for St. Johns; Wm. Jiurry, Caroline Hurry, Adeline Hurry.had been\^ hen not at sea.lie is'ebout 00 of yearsFather for New-York Mitchell,of the Grandwho weremunitions'"plra. Kose Dolan, for New-York Kelly, Kev. P.day.j Part //.No. 243 added. Part II. Same as "Wednesday.aand which Tampico.tradedago. In 1852, he modeled and superintended the Joseph Scheroton, Mrs. Schercton, for BofltonportionJohn Brady, Ellen O'Bonny, I^afs KmuMdy, Jamn Kc-as to contfaued. At this ttme I nude;^age, andhis social relations, no less than among Ids sea-^ring MurpLy, for Boston ; J. Cusack, for St. Johns ; J. Mc- bills of indictment against theni.acquiiintanccs, he is distinguished for his urbanity and great kindliness of character. With his employ- ers he has always stood very lugh for his integrity, hi.s only fault being, they say, that he is so unselfish andtook his seat on tlie bent^h, Mr. Sarah C'romlish, Catharine I>appin, Bridget Lappin. James Massey, the well-known pugilist, chaigeilliberal that he saves"for himself.noAmerican Consul at St. Johns, and Mr. IlfasY,pleadwlguilty,.fhtrowmhoitceh Oiey were placed. Casks of wine were Flynn, for New-Yorkan(i confidence ofbusinessmen,inBoston;Kev.;MaryJury,exjiecK'dtobroached, ana boxes of raisins were opened to afford for Bostonmay remark as partial, corroooiation of it, {bat the went among them with water and re- Margaret McMahon, James Castler, Jane Henry, James not guilty, and was sent to the General Sessions forinstance is an apt illustration of .day, at fifteenmfautestwo o'clockthis contfaued till Friday,and strong breeze contfaued to rise from the S.West, by crops,Ann Celllier, John Judee, Honora wiGtheoirngtent to kill, pleaded not iruilty. His cabsaettewra>.'s, pidiiieal rmakine. We do not kaow that it woulderate rate;steamercondition;of the South were are not, than the Ctain But when both sectionswas length thebest wmd facicased to ain theverypossible perfect;New-York Ann ;for St. Johnssent to the Session-.if t!:r Cotton .Statespasti?when a freshabout o'clock the next morning a leak was discoveredfur Mary Rainey. Abh'-y Beilc, Maria. Ann,tinued increasing Ull Saturday evening;-Mary Cobrillt,"HugaiiplacedN. on Wednes- F.,Bostonfor New- York: Mary V. Nugent, for St. Johnsguilty,State Prison for twoguilty. years.8 inMcGrath,New-YorkJames, Bridget, ilartin and John Drodcy. for Bost'inj:Hammond,for ft. John Miss Blake, for Boston. ;Judgebl0 20!« 100 do 49 26 do .•iOMicbS.tN.Ind.R 21V, 160 dothe worlTS decreasing the (mi^.thls ap-;In this much interestthe trials wereandthe "port" boats wanthe Sixth-arenne,fiiat *^'*^?*?.'!?*"*»*TM«»'de«h«»«eamerto • heavynadhie^;k, Prtric ftmr,aetottMi,we hoisted three of dis- signalsTork, was caUed to the ehidr, and Mesn*. Josephhe had not been looaBurlington, Iowa;Rer. Patrick of St. Louis; Ring,was tried (or ananK aadpositions the " sail on the lee bow." Inupa fewwtien lie cried out, ReT. Jobn Brady, of New-Hampshire first annomiced that seconds sfterwaidHbaettwearsyW. S. the wUid from the N. with a nelly, of Newfousdlaadand Thomas MeCandllsh,personsthe majority of persons fa each boat was CamuiughtSunday, the 7th inst.W.;heavytea thebijnatfaebore ;down E.— to issue from the skylight and companion-wayP.Before theSecretaries.over it, in May, 1836, the covering The giving way.sengers,with their various destinations,copieddo SO do 160 do 400 do 50 do —No calendar till Mon- 100 dothe fiames could be no they broke through the forward saloon;longer; the first,;The Courtto a^joomed Friday.N.the time It got wiOin hailing distance, twoboats were BoUowlng resolniiofis were framed and uuaiumously;the whiofa Mr. Bynie8>« ^ipUcation was a4)mimed.great emigrants. Husband greeted wife, son welcomed the brigantine's deck, after which the tioat returned to fihroarcitsiecdahtloe codperate with the friends and admirers of has been on trial inthet>een less merclfiU to him, nresented striking contrast fa every direction the decW^ecame warm—to the joy with which it mingled, and in one instancequiteso much so tliat the heat could t>e feltnegligencethe steamerof thesepublloation proceedines,;plates ;THE MINNIE SCHIFFER AND HER CAPTAIN.The brig Minnie Schi^er, and her gallant com- now sent tiiat portion of the crew which burning steamer Cfmnau^ht on Sunday night She Allsn, j. Biiihofer et al. vs. Henbock et ed.abandoned the steamer it was about 15 nunutes after ScuiPFZK & BaoTHXBS, in Somerset, Mass., by S. N. 10 o'clock, P. M., and when we reached the brigan- DicKissos. The construction was personally super- tineitwas about 10:30 or 10:40 ; every attention was shown the passengers on board the brigantine ; theSUBSCRIPTIONS FOR THE SUFFERERS. BosTOST, Wednesday, Oct. 10.MONETARY AFFAIRS. Balea at Ae Stack Bzehaace—Oct \*.In the fire, some two years since, at New-Or-of thc NazeoBkos. andConnaught remainingSt «8 10,000 Mo. St 6s900«} BeadingBaUroad..b30 4«>'.trade.leans, she was pariially burnt, and was afterwards repaired, her rig being changed from a schooner's tothen it one solid mass of appeared$3,008 Vlr.4Kionever we do we take the greatest care to break none to all in-door amusements and the theatre, mu- that of a hermaphrodite brig. She is about 193 tons tine ; while on board the vessel many of the steerage ty in sending free a large ntmiber of the steerage pas- 2,000 ErieB. Bonds f£R ISO Ulch. Cent R ... sM Mtsic.halis and entertainment-rooms have reaped anpassengers came to me and offered ail theydiad to be saved, out when they got safely on board the brigan- tfae they appeared somewhat dissatisfied, and calledsengers to their various places of destination.4,000 Erie R. C. B. 1871 67 »« do cl^ 6,00OMich.C. gp.e.lst 20 do «of the received conventionalisms ofIt would scarcely have looked decent, in our posi-tion. to..have allowed advertisements in our news- lish Operas open. Her Majesty's with a new opera, tons. She is 108 feet long, 2S feet 10 inches breadth of for soft bread, as dry biscuits were tieing passedrespectability.register,deck,which has beenput on,abundant harvest. ,Neit week the two rival Eng- " Robin Hood," by MACfABBEK, of which thewhen the steamer was abandoned, I think it was fa latitude alwut 42° 32^ N., and longitude aboutMoB. F. C. B....08 50 do S10«8K LAW REPORTS. lAWMMh.S. UtlLB. 87 50 do S30 68S( 1.000 L.C. k M. L.G.B. 23 950 Cleve. k Taledo R. 4H(but a secondmakes her, by carpenter's measurement, about 300beam, .and 7 feet 5 inches depth of hold. That five hundred human tjeings were crowed upon the decksofsosmallavesselisalmostincredible.round2,000 C. fc N.W. Ut U.Uh b3*4*sible;in all short,that couldtie out got;Ireportsthat she fell in with themander,Capt.JohnWilsox,whosegoodfortuneitwas lo rescue from a dreadful death the five hundredhuman beings, consisting of the passengers and crew w-as only with the greatest difficulty that we could do sion. The only remnants seen floating of her after-of the Connaught, deserve something more than a this ; as the smoke and heat now became intolerable, wards was a boat, bottom upwards, and a few trunks, nent Receiver appofaited.et al. vs. Martm—Me-A. M., onflame fa the distance.in sitting and lyfag rAindMonday;Till 100 do1» 400 do b*a« 94 30* do MtViiOn Sunday we spent our timeinthecitj-.Swiehi, agentsoftheDavid Adams, for St. JohnsWhitefoixi. Ira and tUa Whiteford, for St. Johns ; Rev.IS 100do100 do 87'4 100 do 37».' 50 do .-...slOS?!! 100 do..S467& 860 7S b30 7Sl4K. Gallagher, fur Boston•tylibtT ofPrison, and were held in waiting for the apjwarance;prisoners.Ii30..b«0 21bJO 20X 100 do.John l'ercy,Fatiier Conway, HenryA.HuDtiogton, for2n: d». brinj^ in '200 do.nx s3sns , . . 20!.i 150 do. s6o n\;100 do 550 do 200 do 300 do.bM7S>Kthe decks of the brigan-PASSENGERS,1483, 1480, 1493, 1497, 1501, 1503, ISOi, 1507.:to doSO do.WPac. M.St. Co 830 87150 do;sfffa consequenceY. Central R 200 do;Jamesdochiiaren of hisseveral orphans. Though he has been devoted almostconstantly to his profession, he has succeeded in ac-cunuilating only a very moderate share of this world's loD, John Kauking, fur Boston; Etisa Delano, :Anna The Grand Jury came into Court with a huge batch 1,000 Brooklyn C.W.L.103 400 doown,adopted!Jlellernon,forXew-Y'ork Thomas itorBos-N.Y.Centra!R.b.lO 9«J4 do.:doslO 88 88K!Murray, of indictments. After they had delivered them to the Margaret King. Patrick Dunn. Thomas Keatly, Mary]Mangan, Anne Murphy, John Merigan, Christopher Kiiisella, Catharine Maculey, Bridget Rvan, Anne Cos- teho, James Costeilo, Catharine Costello.'EUeu Costello, (iet-rgcCuicorau, Teresa Kyan, John Keiley. Rose lieiley, Patrick ReiJey. Agne-s Reiley, Bernard Reilev, Catharine Gaivty, Hugh Mulliris, Mary Mullin>, Anne Mullins,Clerk, who transferred them to the bench, the indicted3,000 C. A N. W. lat2,000 La CJiM.L.G.Bs 24 100 dosSO 88 b30 SBH SS»88»i;present jMcCurville, Knealty, Margaret FarreU, for New-Yorkand th'' case*6i0«0Vir.IS 000 Mo. St. Oe14.000111. C. B. B*>Qds. 98 300 do8SKpayment w^eck. "VViien tht^ dilferent boat's crews had become York; Michifel Patrick Me- burglary in 'the third degree, pleaded 'his innocence, 60 don 87 160 Chic. B>n Jt QJt.sOO mtUyan, Murphy, Mariaexhausted by their fatiguing labors in rescuing the Donough. Mary Doylf, Sar;th Ryan, Charles Rey- and was sent to the General Sessions for trial.do. ..bitor were paralyzed with dread of the blaz- ing ship, and the danger of approaching lM?r, he en-M;chaelJane, James and Patrick;Cunnifl. Margaret Manahan, Anne Tyrell. Mary Ryan,of the Minnie Schiffer, Capt. Wilson had awnings Jape Haddock, Jane Drake, Mary a. Walsh and John Jolui .*ilams, another youth, pleaded guilty to grand Politicalbe^nevery year'sNo. 21 Morris-sireet. inflict- on deck and issued orders, in effect that the Kelley. Ann Spiel, Ellen O'Boyle. Michael Kellv-. Mrs, ini;. according to thc tctiimony of Dr. Kohert f.diately reported it to rae generalFitzgerald's iiiiuur-store. 'butthe occasion, all the deck-pumps were forthvvith rig-ruiuiinggedshortly;portable fire-engfaes Henry Vangan,Vangan,Bavin, Martin Davin, Ellental, where he lingered until 434 ing of the 31st, w hen he dieil.o'clc « vn ii,-: niuin- were .Majllufirmsellers showing an indiaposition to meet the mar-;Securities openedat theand tkawere put intoportion of tlie crew, who were spiritedly assisted byforward stoke-iiole;theseDavin, Jane Davin, 'or New-York "-'" 'Bridget Ma- Lyou.'i,xe.'eril.^y'baifag not a few of the passengers;passengerskept upfoi-qidteIsoon flowedJames Daly,quite silentthe .^team now decreased soita aswoond, before stated, from the effects ofMoney afBdrs, to-day,is inwas for impoisFible;ComcaunoD. for New-York20J41.8SK .68 .21slance immedialoly to me;pimiu jtad hD«; t:. i",*Untitled Documente/, jAcett Mcaeft. for htm-X^iti* EUoa Criiirh.Todd, Sereateeeth Ward; Metsader;Iafter the market assumed decidedtheI quickly Joint,MaryO'Conntwr,AnnaMurphy,forBostonipumps and bilge injections were immediately got for New-York Thomas Connelly. Catherine Judge. chest, three-quarters of an inch m ;insufficient to the of requirementsAlice McGowau, Bridget McCaroby, Mary Clearkin.a Presidential election.The demand for State as well asand sodid the leak ney, Belinda Daly, for New-York Ann Sweeny, Mar- w alkcd up .Morris-strnci, :mil heariiig a noise at tiie bids at 4 o'clock being about as follows : ;rapidlygain on us, that we found it impossible to keep theNc. 21 in th.it;garet Sweeney, Francis Costello. for Bostonstore of one FitzreraW.;cent.afternoon session the dem^nila time,„,iMlicriii (.reen-I MaryGrlJDent_*Tille,Bin,forNewT-bett. Sarah Rossborough. Bridget NevtT JohnTlieJrtorvofthec!isei"sili.p!v i«nd Thomas McLauglilin, iniKln of May 28, mel and accosted each;38®38i ^. n^X'i^'"k\^^TTJilSiiy;;nor, iglc. Kooney, Mary Malio-invited JlcLaiighlin Lm'tKhlin acceptedgeneral closingJohn Lynch, forin transacting the above I suppose we lick McDonald, Ann Rohan, Margaret Wale, Mary Bir- one of tlieiii, tliev entered thc place. As the evi- HarlemGreen,of excitement among the passengers, yet ail seemed for St Johns;Catherine Lanaghan, Bridget Melady, for New-York¥«sr4www.fultonhistory.comtu'tg^.'.oa d-^:'i..deie vrere;statingConnoly, John White, Cornehtts, Bridget, nien, teenthbusiness inIn some cases l|Bts|Con hisConrey, for New-York;crossed overErieon mingham, Jos.;Patrickdciiee fur thc showed yesterday, the wit- prosecutionPacific RockIsland BurUngton;all Campbell,and Mary for New-York Cleary,;andweek lastyeai.L. forLure, Mary Waldron, Liziie; Boston;88?i|Toledo3Sli|Galena Tax;Ann.Thomas Pat-.^trcel, they to see what it meant, Lnfortunately forCentral,;Nearly $300 wreck^ passengersevents of this nature, oferected over the women and children who could not for larceny. It wa-s his (irst offence also, and he said he currence, seem to have really as Uttle Influence inMichael G^ibbons, Julia Kenny, Margaret Kourke, Ellen O'Farrell, Jamedactionand thethe steady laith of our people m the working of their free Government, under theJohnByrnes, Mary Byrnes, Bartholomew Folan, Timothy Uial.YorkBostonBiddy Welch, Mary Kelly, Moran, Ellen Burke.John Walcb, for New-YorkMurphy, Thomas welch.Jail. He not ple.ided guilty,Bridget Ryan,of. Pat- bar. charged with murder in the lirst decree." in willfully causing the;Slargaret K'jgor'*. Tho-.for New-York Ann Heniar, Patrick ;iiaving been;Kenny,dictments forburglaryin the firstdegree, pleaded,•^r,uhumanthat the engine stopped of itself. About 9 o'clock, or Lennane, Judy Ho«an. Mary Helsh, for New-York The trial wHl be contfamed to-day. Yesterday, fiTst.cla8a paper at tin Bank even to 496anytokeep |fcIowisforbeinggood rate, up9J4 coming Anne Flarharty.for Boston;some time was QOnsnmed in obtaining a Jury, but at length the fbllowinrgentlemen were sworn: Samoel-"jry Sagny,me he >Uc« CoiTrey. Mar>- Smith, Bridget M^teaa, Mary Scheels, Elertnth WardJohn E. HubboU, Fonr- Van Nostran, Tweatiethiimdaabted.Cameron, for 8t. JohMj Wal>,"S!le7j JJiotwiTliorn- Johngoods,Dennis FttxgeiaU, eharged vifli bolster ia B»HunUngton, William H.Brennon, Galway;;£., and ofby Virginia, appointed Secretaries, whereuponthesmall one, and ccntafaed eight or ten personsother, a life boat, and mnst liave held some tlilrty-Ave livering oa from the wreck ami burning' of Che steamerevery apertureclosed up was covered, in order to exclude the air aad that we recognize them as instruments in the hauis of ten days required by the Act of I8W, onder wUch the;the passengers were lowered down fato the boats by a;McCandlsh,defence was, that the defendant had taken paina torived here to<lay, andwasthenamassofflame. RemainedbyhertillMon-—— Motiondenied.line, have acted with tlie most commendable liberali- 25,0001490.SuraEui CacET—Spbcial Tiav.—5 Panamac 87JS 2S0 HI. Cen. R. £.Joseph Farrell, for New-York ; Scott A. Smith, for Bos- 10 o'clock, Judge IsoBAHAM presiding. \ lar(?c num- 100 do [1456.Adjourned for the Term.WJien theJonas B. Pliiiiips applied to the Court, as exiunsel for :....theset down for Wednesday next.was.'^t.Os 6,000 do901(1200 io» 7« 50William with de- Gillesjiie, Alary J„ David, Peter, Stephens, charged petit larceny,coolness and self-possession never forsook him, but Park Brown, Ann Joliiiuua Mer- fliiasrefnitrlsty orlence. The Judge could ha\e sent him towas firmer ijian yesli rday, before the result of the State elec- tions in lVn:i>ylvania. Ohio, &c., upon which some considerable short contracts had venttired.who remained at liis post giving directions, and calm-ingpassengersEarly;Alice nied his and was sent to the Sessions lor trial. Campbell, guilt,SOCl. & Toledo K.bOO 70 Panama Railroad. 124to do «8J< ^Tliomas Kearney was indictcii for stealing a watcU Terence, Johanna and Patrick lieflcrnun, for Bos- and $10 in money. He was a good-looking and50 Gal. A Chic. B. b30 7S\ WEB^trsBAT, Oct. 10—P, If.:Mary ap- irary Noonau, Jwifanna, John andMary and Mack, for New-YorkBridget of lyMurphy, Bridget Murphy, for BostonLEITCH IN FULL. Hugh Mooney, John Hogan, Mary^Mogan, Charles ceny from the person, were arraigned. Rogers pleaded forms of the Constitution, through the untrammeled.Thomas O'NelU, Walker, for New-York; Mary Flynu, Matthew Ciirtin, for.Joseph Rogers and William Smith, indicted for lar-;Thomas Mai-y forreawakened aftera to a.death of Thomas on the'28thof lilcLauglilin.and:;brought from the100 ilo... 25 Hnrlem P.20O do. 21 12 do 50 do.boo JI ... 71for an order to transmit llie District-present were severally arraigned. with30 Continental Bank100 Mich. Cen. R. .-.aw200 do ff0 673& doinand the District-.\ttoriicy begged permission of the sectionlem-'th, obliquely downwards and outward.-, .'>>i inch-!The witnesses cxainiiieu!Daniel City Hospital.a::yesterday's to closing rates, caused pticesI i.'-t Wn, the prisoner himsell licliii: tca.-ir.yTji'jnia> Cuu\.Mr. \*eir,atstiflftn on the first calltoCody, Hogan stewed forward, and, without-T«k;rflLforWardBOiamaUel G.Wiiaii EciiPk^teSS*application wai made.to do honor to their uames in Both appUeatioBi haying thus gone over,Srmlred, That we feel the greatest pleasure In bear- by day specified,from the Press the.Toeepli Scheatea, Wm. Salter, H. A. Huntiagton, Rev.injuries';:hXSSfi b308BH b468S,I.860Bridcet McHabOD,stolea ofSo.tB.,Jacob Moicry vs. Edgar T. Fanning.—This caaeinexcavation which he had made in frpnt of hisdo 2,00* Cat St 7sdo .. 8S'- 200 dob30 88Jj 200 8854 200do tntb30 S1S87H20O lOO 50 S3<^ SOdo....Sdo aU8S do bieasit do bMOS08 100 dolOPenn. Coal Co 823* 125 Mich. S.&N.I.R... 21ofthcof discouragement, if not depression,of theS500. port demand for tiiein, is especially unfavorable tomonths wherelarge c«st. iftthisaccepted on W9W day bUU. ^lit<( -^Illinois Central. 87 Im. Central;leaving an' Thomas M. Tryniski 309 South 4th Street Fulton New York 13069 