 hadtlw dfBil bMn itren tham, the mult woulddown tofta ikipa'aaA briattM prorlsiona, and pro- batdyaimSoB, too, baeklo'^tt- Royal Palace. DeiettAtatl|lcainelBby4ifi>Idta. Otherwlae nothingTtH^VaMdersteamihlp laaveaat IP. M. for Hei- ahia, aad wlU be in time lor the direct maU for Mar-Every^orbSiga fresh news of the spreading of the InsarrecUon. A NeapoUtan steamer arrived yes- terdMfroiTrapaLl with the n.wa that the inaur-to the troops at Tiapaal to pnpara to eraenata Iha town, takiLg Kith toem as many gnaa as poaalole, and destroy in g tbe^-tst. There are two ateamera and a aall- Ixg corvette, which are to take them—whither ia a seciet. People a>e rather confused at all tne myste- ries, and Duzzllr.g their beads abtfut the meanlBg of the armlatice.Since the news of iU prolongation apreadthce has been a return Ude ef the emigianta, who bad already begim tbelr movements at daybreak, to be out of tbeThe Hanimce Reslacrattea QeeatleB. 7^ tlu EiiUT tftiu Iran- York TSaua :aa rather awhich encotiragea me to aubmlt a few ramarka on this Court—not ksT* Cmd doiibtfoJ.om «a«hlr, • ebaan had alnwlT ttkm plica ta •• Pietottel PUM*. Barlr u> tha momlat LAS14 aaat m parttmittnn. In which ha aikad for an taeoat for San. Lnuu, who wished to hare aa latere Tlawwith6ea.O«ai>AUiatl0A. M. Tharewaino dooMltwaaaniiQaatforaftutliaranniattoe. Ihap-In the firat of the stageLamu ardTod. Bli SadatwoabaavtMataadtUoaanmnwihtetojmi what It had baen theItlaughing matter than otherwise.awaat lua Hm manaer In which ba broaght forwardl^toa" aSShavS^beenbondMirded. the NeapoUtani came to termi.It U timeJcvx 4.—Yesterday, after hia Interview ImmediatelyAO.iMDMd.torrw 463, 225,321,1219,wM tmpoMlUa to »P.H.,udbowthe SllMt ar tha annlitieewuttaalglM. Ha ukad, inLfgr aa iadeOnlw armlatiea, ennaalnt Am hopeterm—the iramber of eaaei to be tiled, Coavention, when Judge Roanu adjoomed his dl-ttrnmmmtti Ha<zplalnadhowitwith Gen. GaaiBALSi, the Neapolitan Gen. LttiiiaJiSi i-Yeiteiday aflemoon the Finanie, a large leit again for Naples. He Is expected to be back myielfsa clearly or aoacctualelyas atension of theprofessional eipaelally alnce the commencemant of the BaltlmoramH imm an the wonndad tfflbuUding In the Tofolo,waa givmnp bytheaoval- soon. Aa I told you, he asked for GAaisALni's word of man would.lata. Ilia aegotiationa bad beeagolBg on fbr the last honor not to tell any one of the communication he Any trifling Inconvenience or expense which the vltlon of IhasiMBioaXr-Mkis, IrM>l^t-Tart//.—Hoa;Ki.tvt»l,t,m,^Palanao gnnacxn do littn-. and the laKiog of Palermo would not bare been bought loo dear by the Ion of allmeeting with any obstaclebeing at Palermo, Messina, Tranani, and Catania, from tbe CasTello.UH do nStelac thna a ratnforceisent of some thousand men. Indeed, lome of them are already In the rear o( the eolniBBi which came yeaterday towards the Porta dl TaimlBl.start thla morning lor Trapani, wbere the people ex- that ih^lr stores bad been broken open, and their con-memorandum. the power of fumit filng judge* for the community, ICO do. 60...860 21 ISO do aJin...Sl5 I8H l6Milw.fciaia.B.... tk wa 10 do-- (SBmnUl* thliww r>iB«I.AW BSPOBTS.GcaondIMPOITAHT racgnnOR BT IH« OBAVD JVWt—soils PUBUC OmCIAU BJtBDKZD FOB HBO-da} battn, Ant hothivf could be mora amiable aad anS were ezseetad to attack it at any moment way If tbe fighting and bombardment twgan.Yesterdayor, rather,day It waaJune terra of* mmul wu deddadlr faaUDgthe Nea- Powers baa been aaked tor. there may really be an in- In many countries It is the lUj) aura and tha proof,iiiilaijM thM•flabMtibP PiohniallMi of tha armlitlce, In which;ernment praperty, tbe reat prlyate depodta. M. lerriews but so many attempta todacein Oabibaui friend, who ia in danger of loetng a UUe and a for- S£ltthi Caiapi, the Secretary of Bute, went tlien in and throw him off hla guard flnda moat eredltcompany Witt tbe caahleia and controOere of the I told you In my letter of yeaterday that 1 had ttme because he cannot And the record of his grand-oatMWadTifltrtiiiifortheMiktgatiUof thalr woondad, prorlda themaalraa iMWlllhllWi. Ml nt rainforcaaaenta ftom Naplea. V* m» Willi ta aaa tha other ilde of tha qoeifloa, a&t than vara alao adTanta(a« connected with nil* tta BatMial fines. Jtut aboat the tlmathla Maaitaar taok plaea a latter arilTed from Gaatlari, af tho IMh. ta wUefc it waa annooncad that artiM. tnannrt, with lOO CaeeUtorl, piekad man, SJW alaad of anna, a areat deal of aaunanltlon, SiotlMrwaiUlaatoraa,waiontheway,andwoald^Hit It waa br ao naana a de^dcaUa relaforce- ->.«<, anl aaaaorea wan iaotedlataly taken to ad- Tiaatha anthoriHea In the neighborhood of Caatella- aaa to be aoi the look-oat and briag up thla vtaterieL At Ifca aaae ttae the gnna wnica bad been left at Oertoflwt had tima to ariire. Yon will remember tkat the iimitlrg off of tha goas with 100 men or ao put tta WaapoHraaa off tha icent, and led to tha taking of PaiamMi. Thty had orden to retire ai far as San SlaUaB*. OwtDg ta the dUBcnltlaa of tha road, andmontka, awaltiog the tifflofil2^i2^,i ilm- D-roTJ-l,^_g| Ul da kaw«NaapoUtani.TharceisloBito the cuaiomi of othernatlona,never'iSLaX..aBt.atMotKa.:B: It ..no means a time of peace aiul harmony between the aa^BfOtOT ta ftatdmlze, and all anzlotu to see and two patties. There is an almost continual >uc- Urn Urn ha»da at SaaiaaLSL Seraral of the Sicilian cession of parUmtntairet on both sides, trying toaie being manufactured on a large scale, and powder and bnlleta got ready Inceaasntly. The last official10060 doreigns was somethuig more formal, wb'ch pre- cult From the specimen we had on tbe first day, one maiiders of tbe battalions;2,00* a. Be. MM. Ba.s,jm do lO.ON dabut the very reversertffT» to tha eoaat on Am very moralns of the aad baggage. Thar had only one maa woanded, until all the preparaUona wen completed. There lathan any other people, and more migratory ia our habits.those of tbe second and vented the full expression of popular enthu- can see what be done If it was cantinued for third categories, only liable to local service, areWard aforesaid, who was not only opposed to thealasm. Tliey were on horsebaclc and sur- mightanylengthoftime. KlngBoiiSAII.mightfulfill hisorder, certainly Saturday's ateamera. The intermediate mail removal of the teachers, but used every en- goes to the extent of holding tnat such proceedingsroonded by their guards, wtille the papular tiueat of the town into aBut, as yoa may imagine, It is rather difficult to deavor and every argument to prevent the oonsum- may be had In all cases where tranicript of a Jus- by heap of When he found that his tice's jucgment for any amount haa been filed withtheCunarderfromBostononThe Stock Market on the Share to- dealiiig:s,ing sufferings. Children were brougnt UD. and moth-[;^1in the afternoonand all tnis vhUe tbe object of this loolatry watf as calm a'^d smiling as w hen In the deadliest fire, tiklag uo tbe chlioren and kisslni them, try<£g to quiet the crowd, at every moment to near a lung compliin'. ofcent, wasera asked on their knees for his blessingthis chaos, and to get Ihe men to give up their indl- vioual fancies.be a high- Iagainst prescribed byRailwaymade on ErieSouthern Seconds, and 1 ^cent. on the Firstsnot an advan- fnf• waa loat to ontfiuik them, and get into the rearthen held by the delendants was annuled sodplayingwpBderfnl tactical talents;brown fustlsn suit, w-hich is generally worn all overganGuaranteed, on JToledo, Jolthem, cut off and -Jie stock a littlegrapes. maple branch,following inscription:his who had counsel,previouslycent.; an advance ia cent., and in Ssasa.11 tohas made its accua-dividend of 4 cent. The ^Bank of North Ami-rica 3J %>' cent., the same, also, as heretofore. The Continental, aa uanaL 34^Englishol flies riseupatyourhave the barrelsinaniljui to see Gaeibujii. The com- mander of the American ship called in companyoan be m ve of dollars than greedygumenl upon the question of the constitutionality ofwas.ofcource,nize. No misera Plcciotto Is of aminuoitioiu But be differs fromtankard bears tbeTom tbe Sunday Law, whin It tvtil be decided tbe full bypar.The Metropolitan BankcnUtonboardtheBiiishandAmericanwell that the Ne,poiitan officers wereItwas in time toesteemgieaterwouldbethehorrorsdidtheygetpossessionagainoftbetown. TheImpendingdangerhasdonemore than anything else to rouse the population make eccouragesratherbetterthanthe large capital of the bank through a seasoD of cbeap aioney.Ihe Delaware, Lackawanna and Western;taughtit was diflicult to keep them from blazing awayserving en board a slaver.iiwiilhavejust tbem thethe even in tquadre. Formerly,charge7 be grounds of tbe de- no prSohoef twbast ntohte vfeosusnel1see the scenethey are held in by foreign nations.;tomean action,2^ cent, onnmwere atrolling about the streets slnirlag and cbeer- Acmiral Mikhv went toCourt,probablyaad payment of the last installment, certificatea foreegalso entitled to any dividends out any evidence of olmlnallty on theof theearningslata atreet altars. The moon sbtnei brightly,and ererr ooe tnraa In with wiaeiy different feelings itanfimm tboee with which ha got op this morning. Naple>. The Inatrucdons, I amSaetta, Neapol-.iSSS MMvvrteie. It waa against the aoldtera whichled to the belief that he hadJuatloe Gosu waa aad aJvaa 1.upfnrthis par-In but thus far the aearch for his remains haa provedof aad on the 2d of July.-,known for Ms scholastic attainmen<s, but utterly Iso- lated from the poliiir^al circles of tbat Ward. In this;stancesspecial reason, beyonddispatch—Last nl^t one of the Neapolitan ateamera are to to tbe laat man—to bring fightLbtizia fromboard. Her deattnalioB is Naplea, and there are good from to everything aa well asiS.7.C.." CiS hnae shot holaa In them- If the P jwera,n».vaIcomnanderahaabeenret-The juran:^ Trust1'consuls arUwith a Council chosen by toe tention and waste the time of thein thegave way, and animation became the prevalent fea- protests. 8o often affirmed and contradicted, seemsEev. Dr. Palmer, of New-Orleans, who was re- ter it will be. In times like these there muat be a the of the Church in ttiisder a of the processta the town, wtilcfa, as ever since our arrival, still tiAU'. Wnen the notification was given out wartlhunbiatcd. Till late at night numbers of peo- about tl>e botr.harcment in ca«e of a popoUr rise,iIresponalblemanattheheadofeachprovincewithcentlycalledto pastorateagainst Cnitad hill stock issued, StataaDiatriet-Attoraeyreaaoas for suppoalDg tbat tbe General, whoever hewaa, went tho-e to show the aeeeaaity of making eon-eesaMia. Aa I aald, GanaaLBi U wllUng to coma toaa nndeiatandlac U tha eniitltatkm, goaranlsedabove ail by Sngtaad.ia given back, and the Ktng of to spare, but to bum and destroy every hooae. We Kutm aniaiaa»t» begin a truly IialtaB poUey. fhe»^ "7-',.,uuBlshed to aae thequan-rivalioKNewark, N, J., by walking— — AdadnTMeBBT, which haa bltksrto ledshall see how far this is correctTbla morning early Gen. Litizia did call on Oaai-wltnested hla first exhtbtttoo.The Covrrter de Canada anaouncea that thaJ. A. Snelth. Hartln *»ten, C. Zabriskie. Jr. Justice CaaLD charged the Jary upon the usual top-We have been afforded the oppertunity toanindefinite^_.j broalltas IB aaothar maolattoa or no media- and no one knowa what tbe aasnranoea given to Oon.andanaALni. and asked fortioB ataU,tiwy aie mWakOB, for GaaiBAUH will not GaxiaaiJ)! were, and what modvaa wenIkMa of aayMbar, aad tnulaao other. The Admiral fgrcad tbe NeapoUiani to treat directly with Giai- saui, and thus recognize Kim, and GaaiiALSi ta not the man to f'.'a^t this.The Neapolitans are busy taking their woundedprolcmgatlon of theprotest ofthe foreign"wt'bave already two papera, the Wjna-I.journedlook over the important decision,One might write volumes of horrors of tbe Van-that decision has failed to noticethe|I1of them down, so Incredible do they sound. writlrgabove all. In the to the right and left It tfi, quarterstranspiredteacher*, and knowing .Mr OoBBSTrbasis of must be supplementary proceedings,pricesBonda an advance of^ IGchigaaof tl.e Royalcla.'^res, and thickly crowded with monasteries, tbat the horrors can be witi,essed by every one who walkstoned gentleman, and mcapable of thinkyoucoitldkeepthemtogetheriftheyv^-ere nou himfromiunherobloquy.aproperty gonerally,2^stoppingliouees burnt and property aacked by the retreating up. Anyone can d^i ao by using bis senses. There Theyheld with' State Stocks, Virginias stronger and^yousee by those which have hitherto escaped, thev are In the st> le of those at St. Giles' or the Seven Dials, with the only exception that all tbe wmJows have thla way that one can fgim airloe^ of what loss they balconies before tnem. In these small houses afirmness.aoloiera, giving good advice, comforting and promis- ing that all damages should be paid for.otherwise hnfri^less volcano. veryI nave net lad tune tu go to all the (ointi from which the aoldlars hare been driven out, but It is only inMrs. Dr. Ltdia Satbe Hasbbouck, has beenlo help, have i,('t 'loeivedafarihlng, and do not ex- compelled to vacate the editorial chair of the Sibyl been repeatedly stated in the Times. It will bs re-moat have fitiffercd, atd ho^ superior the Ga'lbal-dlana are in a street figbt. The yuuuie fellows seemeddenre population is ciowdeo together, even In ordl- pect to teceive a:iv;ning.naiy times; tbe fear of the bombardment croAjed Great ac'.l\:ty >,rt-v nils to get something resembling nate owners of a clover field, and we just returned busiiiess, Otro Hoym, crmmandlng them topacrlotsnertheIII 'Share-list was I on New-Tork Central,on New-Tork and Erie, i on Hudson, Harlem and ^> on Michi- atthecloaeonGa- lena, although the morning sales were at an ad- i on BockPalace, mostlyinhabited by thept>orerare nowFifths,somewhat from lu apathy, and certaUily the prepara- camp,;;1095 P^ris, f.5.13|®f5.13J.of ruins,a loose colored handkerchief round ids neck, and and bury hundreds of inoffensive, inhabitants among act UD to this deciee under the circumstances. Still, matlon of that act folly.idol, GaaniAui, In his red flannel sliirt, with converiingbia worn wide-awake, was wallung on foot amongtltoae eheerlsg, laugning, crying, mad thousandsday, was generally ^®Jand in aome in-and all hla few lollowers could oo was to prevent hltnpartJudgedistinction to which I have alluded respecUag theJ®Jcent., cent, lower than onSatunJay. Sotbem, especially if the soldiers continue, a^ tbey have hitherto done, to burn every bouse th^y sack.tie thing in and about Palermo has made progress. The oifltrent squadre have been, according to their strength, transformed into companies and battalions, and their leaders invested with the rank the oumoercounsels would not prevail, he nominated for the post of Principal a gentleman well and favorablythe County Clerk, and an execution has- been issued to the Sheriff and returned unsatisfied in whole or inbut upon examination It will be seen that the^ ^•i T• V..-^tfe*,aie the black ruina of blocks of bouses. As can niime for people ra't^er resembling tbat smoking, butPERSONAIi.— The People vs. Edward W. t. Harmann. ThisIIncent, than on Saturday. There was nothing done in United States Stocks. The decline on the Bailroadmissionary enterprise SnoTlly afterwards a fl«g ol truce came In from the tions for tbe lecepuon of the troops have taken quite amlnuieafter tbey had been comopclcauirsning of their himself.cision that there waa was were,on an©Ije JCew-Jiork ®tmc0, QTticebaa, Jtmc «6; iiteft.IkBlparhapaaUtettar fl«Mlai Bdgtit ba (topped, four days, fbe firat offer they made waj not ac- hadbraught&om NaplM, ao ne one knows anything system of civil reglatraUon may cause to clergymen. haan* IndMbm u^Mea waa aat craalad. bnt _frl»ntoTo^ecetiled.GAaiBAUiinabtiBg that Oiey ^ooldgivenp positive ; Dot, from thla going aad eomlag to aad from Is i^nappreclable compared with Itabeaafita to theday1whlehwaaaotao««ht radl-ception of cases wbich cotdd not be tried, owing tonaw<aietxa& Asaoonaalacauhidgaa*, ordara ware aaataolthe absence of Important witnaaaea, he haaof every of dlapoaedto hailB a* attad at mob. The town had bean aosirable toaeeept it.had been left in tbe balldtag, butae it waasoUtaaawere ao aura of tbelr poettlon that they did tentioa on the part of tha HeapoUtaa Govamment toBOtttalskItneoaiaarTtopterldefOramergeneiea,and comatoaomeundentandiag.ao above t,e00,0EO doeata, or abore £1,200,000, re- You will Dot be lurptlaed to bear tbat the goodmained In eaah. The exact aum ta S,M4,M4 dncats. faith of the Meapolilana la in very bad odor here, and do so without much diionialon and delay. I am atOut of tUa ooly about 100,000 doeata an Gov- tbat therefore tbe veraion which aaea tn all theae in- tfaia moment occupied ia leaearehea for a foreign of dSiS Ifii^iP*"^?»^Bolaaace waleh to be l,«NH.BiT.B.MM.tt^.tS R,!ir*'thilr alma, which ibaylfiaaad to do. Mnce the ar- mlattca begaa the offer waa rwoewed on tbe part of the troona. under olrcumatancea which made It de-Naples, one cannot but conclude tbat tbe Neapolitan and in General came with propoaala of negoUatlous, and' public posterity went back with an anawer. Aa they write at tbe same and possible Injustice.HONETAST alight aenteneea were phaaed, the Grand Jury $« 00* Ta. state «a.Naplea not only with no conciliatory instructions,place withia the memory of penona now living.siK'^'^««rrhicr;IS&^"STheare calledregularlyi^ufitfrrFlnanze, which la itlli held by the Royallsta, otft'ring a oifferent character. Whether all this wUl last when want of amiDunitlfit;. This now very rarely. The Socrety of Useful Manufactures, which In a going for Illegal voyage.;eoemopoIltaniaourTelaUoBBhNklJf 4.0C»S.S.MlBaa..M MBaak «(OoaaaNroe.lSIM doand that the negotiations wereWe ue moretions at all nassers-by. Even since the armistice twomen are said to have been killed close to the Porta but ammunition and warlike stores wcle landed. AtFelice. From the papers found, it appears tbat the same time a sailing corvette, towed by two and white, and under safe keeping of the law. 792,000 ducats were taken out of the Government steaiiiers, went off to Trapani to embark the troops In a country which haa an estahUahed Church, funds to defray the war exoenses, which wete rather stationed there, and bring them on to Palermo,heavy, as the soldiers have lecelved double pay ever The corvette has just arrived with these troops on an ecclesiastical record may be a civil recordonce thus evidence.since the beginning of the dlsturbinces.This morning tnc news arrived that yesterday,In the Judiciary, and unless this important subject Is knowledged by the laws of the land. If the Church taken up by thoie having at stake the deepest Inter-b3091K 100 Brie Railroad..a30 1*bia&l ..i«3tnathapa oualatanaaa en the part of the men, tbettlag oaold not be doiM lo quickly aa It oarbt to h&Tebeat doaa, vid the raiolt wu that two of the guns,one of tham that taken at Calata Flml, bad to be leftbOiad. The ertl 1» DOt great, for In a itrert lignt In muskets, and a quantity of aaimunltlon, without considerably diminished. Either they are already valid legal records. If tbe Church is subordinate to highly values, will be greaUy weakened. It is very 200 do an 48Kearly iti the morning, the steamtug Utile had ap- continuesproached Marsala and landed about 100 men, 2.0(10 passed alieady. But the transport of provisions hasest the time ts not far distant when the security to life, liberty and property, which every American aothe only four polnu where Royal troops have stillWJ tow»5« do kSOMMThis morning people who hare stores of salt fish in some little bold. Tbe column is led by a man from the by the came Inboard.The transport of wooded from the Palace stillMMich.Cen.E WU ew do 48J4BMldes the remaining guns the tqvadre from OmInterior eould likewise arrive during the three (Uy), Trapani, an emigrant, called FaADiiii. It waa to puts occupied troops complaining register is of no more legal value than any private is fast conferring upon the lowest kind of politicians 60 •o. ...aao 28 «• do b«NBvt, awre than all thla, a respite of three days glreatlBO tor demotallxatlon to apread, both among the This Is not the only reinforcement which is ex- something In barrels taken on board froaa side shows tbat Lis records tu'e a sealed book to the public. cal ConventionsOla,R.. 44eti'atad to atrengthen the bonds of discipline and screw steamer crowded with people on the wesiem60 Pacific M.GaAnn JuBT Room, June 25, 1800. 260 N.T. Central R.... 8J at Gal. A OhicBthaaa aa.diaa than with the Coa^ofm (PArmi, tbe na-would be rather curious if this landing, like the two modified, others, again. buUt up anew. By dint ofNzw-You Club, Friday, June 22, 1860.Vi 200 do btl IMTheae lattar know they have no mercy i battherelanoanimosityagainstthesol- 4iaiB, All to-day there waa a saccesalon of them in tfco hmit Btunbera oomlng over altogether, othersaadtbw only retnrnad, while evaa those who did and verify facta. At one time the Royalists9HCU.kB.I.S..h«*ttrapoUoe. to aqaolothers, should take at Marsala. placewhere the column of the is en- pected. There is reliable informatian that the Black- Foreign Brigade,-to have vittted many owof publicNaaitaUtan troopa and tbe foralgn mercenaries.TbeiaaieQueeofthe Neapolitanregiments—theOtt,Mhand10th—whohavemonthsagoglrensuchaigaa of mwUllngnesa and Inauboidlaatlon that theyhad to be aftogether broken up and remod- returned last night, after an unsuccessful search. whetber useful or not, and there was no time to Church 1wallsteamerleftLeghornonthe2ethult.with1,M0 camped.Or suppose the ecclesiastical register is imperfect ojlcet of tkt kigkett truil, hehick were abandoned Inor1,600volunteers.ThecaptainofoneoftheNea- politan IHgates which were sent in seaichof the shipThe nrospect of negotiations has by no means di- minished tbe activity shown In the defence. In thepoliticalthe community.-^OMER FRANKLIN, Foreman,$2,000 Ta. State 6a....110HudsonBiverB...4* UKeled. Tha lata Ighta In the atreeta, of wbich A metcliant steamer from Gibraltar came in yester-they bara got tha worat, were not exactly eal- day, and reporta, on the contrary, having seen a large plan of defence has been drawn upThese loose remarks are thrown out chiefly in the hope of calling seme person's attention to the subject who can do more justice to it than your obedient ser-606 do10 Am. Ex- Bank lOOW 60 do ato; all Ihe barri-lalia tlMir mmatt. It la, bealdes, otherwise with coast of Sicily, sailing In the direction of Marsala. It cades wblcb were useless have been levelled, others vant, C. A. BRISTED.KxmgALL, Secretary. SECOHD PBBSCSTHZHT.therehavebeennoshots firedTheBOTI TBOH H. D. TOyrBSKHD, BSQ.thelast three days, the armistice Is on that account by made, ball and grape-shot prepared. Orslnl shellsCaae. MaTiOFOUTAH HoTXL, Saturday, Joiie 83, 1860.ThoughduringContemptatbeginning barricades were thrown op everywhere, regulate and control this activity. Now a generalnow control11,000 Mich- 8. 2d K.B. 63 30 doexertion and goo^: will, as many as a dozen guna, mortly naval, were made serviceable and placed on carriages, men told off to serve them, cartridges100 do KOHariemPief 100 doaoo aivSOU » do sMor other purposes, spreading on their route through 100 do the moat populous part of the City a most dreadfuland-,.-,,_..Thetun feaia bcia. I saw, myaelf, a captain klaatng Gab- In and through the houses, and rob and carry the STiudre behind bad fired upon them. You have lections which you indulge in your editorial of Fri- The Grand Inqneat are of the opinion that this vile City of New-York, on Satutday, JttDe 0, 1860^that Gaiibaidi is sur- afhaia kara eooa orar to aaa ttwlr families In town, explain misunderstandings, quiet apprehensions, rounded In Palermo, and will be soon annihilated.:1 trust that upon a review of tbe facta iavolyed,In from the coluraaaense oflaaurt haade, aad asking hlo, with teaia in bis off everything they can lay hold of. A great only to look all round the mountain chain which In- day on the part which I was forced to take In the re-wUl ba aora naefttl on the other aide than they could thalr loldiers break stop convoys, at anotheryourhaatyayta, ta ptaraat bloodshed among IlaUan brotliers, many of theae complaints have been verified, but closea andpreaiWag to do an in hla power to Induce his own I believe that theae infractions of the armistlt^eyonwill lee the every nightpaaola to do tlha same, AbBBCthooawhopasaedthroughthetownwaaare not ao mueh the effect of on treacheryinsurgentsrection. If any one can be aald to be surrounded, cause ofaggressoraltercation,a Wrillan, tha commander of one of the battaUaaaof RUeaien who had promised the King of Nafiaa tha bead of GtamtT.TH. He waa retained tie- canae Iha Neapcdltan outposts would not let a oon- TIT af flow for the town pass. He became quite aatmed for tbewhich occoiredDecreaae la Decrease in ITDdrawBItalM Baaoo,complete want of discipllae among their troops.emergencf nordoIbeararms asportofmy^rrocfice.'* I deemClrculatloa DooattiTwwal liim nil the and of Us stay.;lagtotMfirelm mercenaries. He had beenaser- gaaat aad waa Degraded tor a small offence, as he aaya. Ba ttdd na that there were only about one- lmorSwlas,aad the otben were a collection of amiM fioM Anatria aad Croatia, the most consummate aetofscoanorelj that could be got together. Their onlT aim was plunder, wblcb haa been freely prom- laaa by the Commasder, Micul.to stock their market Ketaliation was which set off on the 26th fromSaturday,and the City Prison, crime is certainly not on the with the movement thia time lasteven under the greatest presstue. Ofcooraenot They were encouraged to Dlunde.-in On one point oiily tbe arevacation of this order, Iain theoutside blue in every di- upthe part of the Neapolitan Generals as of a onewouldrather Itlathesay Neapolitans.Thus,Inspiteofrepeatedordersfromthe column at the Porta de Termini way hither. Two nights ago they were at Partenlco,**FRANKLIN,ing General, and it is to hoped that they will be here either this would not allow a convoy ol fiourto pass. It waahave established outside a kind evening or to-morrow morning.of fair for all objects plundered, are selling at cbeap No reliable Information has aa yet come in re-natural enoughofineutx.rdlnatiunorexcess. Inspiteoftheexcite- orderly,partyquariera at Palermo. These people are not accus- Judge on my affidavit and that of a bystander.bulletin at Naplea tellspeopledeadly stench, inflicting a nuisance mora abom- inable and dhiguattng than do acavengera of any de- gree.a came This morning complaintof the enemy stationed at the Porta dl Termini thatfires of theI was not theIn thePalermo,the Command- The men and stores landed at Marsala are on their;HOMER laaao C. KxraAix, Secretary.they^—•^t fl»M« who came over waa a Swiss belong- rate, and are unwilliog to let so good an oppor- specting the second and much larger expedition ordinary attempt waa made to drive me from profes- They have made four preaentmenta, and have In- ment of theLeghorn. They must One of their was have landed further off. They cannot have met withtunity passresorted to.likewise. DurlnK,the stoppage the troops which ac- obstacles, for all that Naples possesses in ships Is being quickly replied to, then by a bloody threatcompanied it deserted almost in a body, bringing theconcentrated on three or four points, and never goes out1Jmi!lt,um....•«8,soe,00t ,413^018 9lt,4n,0tt121,744,449 12S,88S,MS 129499,997spare mnJes over with them. On another aide of theauthoritybo had aaid. They had broken open all the houses inmates of the convent of the Oblati, a itind of loss among tbem--400 to 500, it is stated21,769.881 M1<,04S droaaDepodU.. 90461,39323490,921 a779,lU 102,737491It waa BOt long before the proofs came in of what—and to alllaat degree. Involving, appearances pur-which were neario tbelr position, plundered theeoDtaata. Tlolaled the womm, and ournt tbe houses,la oae warahooae they had found a good deal ofcom,whlea they »ere seilutg at a cheap price to those wna own free will. Not a moment passes without one or wen iaellaed to take advantage of their neighbor's another person coming in with a complaint mlaiananea. Th<-y Had eatabiibed a regular lair—supplementaryproceed- a consumption of time I was wholly ings upon judgments of District Courta haa been late-female orphan asylum. The mothers of the girls came up crying. Tha thing was not denied, but it was explained tbat the nuns had gone over of theirly renoered In the Coaunoa Pleaa, at Special Term —convoys stoppedthe first place.and all the and the numerous mes- false, but this morning a gunboat <M>mtng from Malta nor Insulted, but theCoart Jadiaaent.VuUe vs. J. P. WAitaAcaA—The follow-Capital Loanitown the loldlers tried to break into a convent ofThe news that Messina has been bombarded laother hand bis answers toDIatiiet8CPPLEMEIITABT PBOCIBODiaS.nuns,sages from Lasza were scarcely sufficient to slop them. Again, on another side, they carried off theonplain business-like questions were tantalizing to theCasile and Ihe Cathedral, where they had intrenched themselves.unprepared for,:rr,19»,ll58*.«10,81t 64tB,8»481,9384*4 6,426,79*by some to be at Termini, and by others on the south to against coast at Terrancva. Nothing can give you a t>etter;R. relied on to sustain the Pr. 434,),and this I have said that I gave no causa for provocation InTbe defendant was neither badgereddicted a very number of criminals. large allegedfollowinggeneralby Catania brought tbe news that tbe insurgents had attacked the troops in the town, and caused great —but (xtuldnot dislodge them from their position in the Roval posely so,B. V.ing declalon upon practice In244104S> 83*8,78* 194,03I4t» Bxchanged 19,100,278 22,116,578 22,492411outuda. At Gnt the representations made lo the Gen- tbe excesfes of the eoldiers. Were it not for that idea of the difficulty that exiats In making the differ- upon followed the scene. In a distant part of the office the Clerk of the County in which an execu- partial addition to the Discount line. The changeamarvellous ascendancy which Gaeibalbi exerciseseralconmaLdinieletrmetbyticusesthaitbething entCommitteesintheprovincesandtownswork court-room,whichhasgivenrisetothiscontroversy.tion against the real and personal property of the de-withtheBankofinbotharewaa done m tbe mst ardor yesterday, and other things would be Impossible to keep to the armistice. All the properly than tbe circumstance that, although the Its real incidents being made known to the Court, no by him unsatisfied in whole or In part, (Code, sees. wMch haa heretolore for aeveral weeks returnedover bis men as well as over the whole popula-ion, it were flatly dei'led. but at last tbe Meapolitans t&ein- time we bs>ti t>«en here not a trace has been visibleselvea vtire obliged to agree tint they were ahad aeU Cotumiujaer iJosco bimaelf caileu taem ment ac^ agitation, Palermo waa never so** a lieap of brigands, wbo cannot be In order." keptfendanthasbeen Issued to the Sheriff, and returnedmunlyCommerce,whole country is In tbe hands of the Insurgents, there is no regular correspondence established with faead-tomed to govern themselves, and have no Initiative. To theare subsequent,and Now, Governors named for the provinces, which. assented notsimply of ttttUment, in the sense youpermitstranscript to be filed with the Clerk of the same manner, and from the time of suchandtherefore, asThestockof in the Specieaggregatethe begbmrng, and every success found approbation that is tre'ceath of the «&/rri, who are hunted down It may be hoped, bring certain unity of action have employed, but becsuse the Court was satisfied filing the judgment becomes a judgment of the county City, including the Sub-Treasury oSicea, now tallier than punlsbmeot. A day of such trestrnent, like wild beasts, and shot wherever they are found. into the movemeiit ti;roiigQ0Ut the whole country, with the ample and certainly very handsome apology court, except that it is not alien upon, and cannot averages $29,677,000, against $27,253,000 at and no power can keep Croats in order. They fight In the fir.n cays, especially, there were regular hunt- I have had so many other things to write about that made by Mr. Ricbabs O'Gobhak, counsel for the de- be enforced against real property same time last year. Tbe line of iapeopleimplacable, wil aby waycounty;for phuder. Toere la evldenily great animosity be- ing expeditions undertaken against those best known, I had no time to sar anything about tne pruvistonal fendant, and as this gentleman stateu at the same no execution thereon can be issued iu the form pre- dojuiaitatween the Neapolitan troops and officers aad these aiid many were killed before any one could interfere. organization whicn is being Introduced. The evil time, on hia personal pledge, that no further annoy- scribed by section 289, sub. I. nor of the kind referred Bank is $3,427,000 greater than on the correa- condttturit and if the former were not themselves II 01 ereco'Ucls what misery the etpionage of the«e which was mcst felt In this a> well as every other ance to the prosecution of the righti of my client to In section '20'2, ptoueetlings supplementary ;,cannot ponding return in June of laat year. The Honeyafraid they would, no doubt, t>e the first to fi jht them. Sicilian movement *as the absence of unity ol action. should occur, I hold, with due dcicreuce, that I be Instituted itpeople bad entailed on the population, one can upon refiects theTlie thing tells both wavs. for if these scoundrels cin scaicely be surprised at the popular fury against As soon as Gabibaloi landed and went a little way could not have done less, in professional courtesy, nor Section 48 of the District Court act (Laws of 1857, market, to-day,be brought to fight for plunder, it will be ratner diffi- cult to keep them together should fighting begin and plender be in store.them.Tbe desertions still continue, and,into the interior all the most Influential members of the aristocracy, as well as the free cotnntunitles, asked him to assume the dictatorship In the name of Victob Euasdel, King of Italy, aiul the command intbe Court required more full report of the final pro-ceedings and order in the case, which appearance tnsome of the City papers of June 20, though not inyour own, you will find fully bears out this explana-tion. Y'oais, *c. HENRY D. TOWNSBND. In tlils City, and although the affidavit upon whichreadyoferedtocomeeverifwellpaid. Whether the negotiations which have been opened will lead to aaythJng remalni to be seen.Thefirstthing,ofcourse,wastoorganizethemili- tary forces. Until then it was, as you Know, an affairtheorderlorhisexaminationwasgrantedstatesthat a transeript of the judgment was filed with the Coun-to moatly among the noL-commissioned officers, ser-to the judgments of those courts. The tenna rate from 5 to ^ cent, for In the present case the judgment waa recovered 6^claaa, 4^5 ^strangegvatad with their compasiona. and about lOU hve al- geants and corporals. Not only do all these ask to chief of all the national forces.Ktbb the better part of the Swiss seem to bedls-say,prime against the plaintiff for $10 75 costs In a. District Court selections of paper, 90 daya to 6 months, and 60-take service, but likewise the 300 or 40OEven tbe foreign mercenaries begin to come in—atany rate the better part of them, who are disgustedwith their own comrades and tbe service. Almost of volunteers, who collected round one or another In- JV liU editor rf tkt New-York Time* :day acceptancesprisoners.In the aiiamoon 6AaiBAu>i made a tour of Inspec- every officer who goes over as parlemjentaire is asked fluential man of tbelr town or district, all Independenttloa rooBd the town. I was there, but find It reallyiapoadbie to give you even a faint idea of the uian-aerlawUch oe was received everywhere. It waaone of thoee ttiumptis which seem to be almost tooaraeh tot a man. Tbe most wonderful tblng 1 ever open to an offer. It Is, probably, not too late even from 17 to 30 for active service in tlie field all over officers of the Fourth Warti, have had the tendencynow. There is plenty ol money at the Flnanze for minded aaw In thla way was the reception of Napolxor and this or any other purpose. tr.d country, those from 30 to 40- In their provinces, to place a highcounty unsatisfied, yet it must be aasumed that theabout tbe pay on this side, and bad it not beed* for of each o ber, and remaining together or going home,our untimely patriotism, which diiclalmed theidea of pi*y, no doubt the Bavaresl would have beenyourvaluablepaper,relative to the School the plaintiff, as none other could properly be issued and nearly an i firmer on Paris ;Yinea Bhabukl at Milan, jubt about a year ago, and Had GAUBALni and the town only to do with the and those from 40 to 50 in their communes.I am alaaoat incltned to think that tbe one jesterday troopa, the tiling would be easy enoughanxious to be extricated. I allude to Mr. Chaelxs ceedings matituted mas tbey pleased.very A decree of tbe I9'h ot May, from Salemi. institutes time ina militia, to wbich all belong from 17 to 50;thosethe recovered. upon judgmentThe Officers for the active army are named by tbethis case must therefore be dis-The case of Cander vt. Gundelsheimer, (17 Howard of California Bars is looked for in season forbut It is *.Dewas more exoaorolnary. The entry of the Sove- bombardment which makes the position more diffi- Commander in-Chief on the pronosal of the com- DoBiBTV, one of the School Commissioners of the miseed.A fcrthersupplydispute about the cWl nglatreUon of marriages people were ioeliaed to n- gard it aa merely an extra antic on the part of JobsUnrtD STATia DianiOT Ooraat—tfoa. ST, It,(commonly called Archbishop) Hoohss. andDt;TT la ARBaDiaa tu baltimobsto laefaatTa. M, le, » 44,CotuB*—CooaRr—PbK r^—Hoa,to view There now seems a dlapoaldon to look at It more aerioiuly,tbe aubjeet though cooaciona that I cannot expreaaLxtrr or COBTXIITIONS.flmsaoi140S. i5?ji«», 1411,111,1r-preventing probable litigationNo oae anppoaed that the mooay time from Naplea that tbe taterreatioa of the foreign The ctvtl record la tbe surest proof of a -marriage. few charge Importance. Yesterday, after aCourta of such conntrlea, thoughtheyiiu]rmake eon-willcame Beat:Into Court and made the toUowlng praaant-^S^S"a precea-twtai waa drawn up and heard bom a good aooioe Gen. Lanxu arrived from fatheT*B marriage, an event wbleh notoriously took S?ofSi^^hr35'«?^sis&^srh,s l-f«*M.ao.IstM.Ba.«4 >MaaL«OU.B...aM«'eataulaamentsigned by the above-named tmflanit, aa well as thecaptain in command of the poat. He had about 125BMnwithhim,wbowenaUawadtoretlnwitharm* enteredIntoonlywithaviewofbegtUlingGAaiBALsiMM M J :.«7 in dothat Uie same night the in- Families not only come hither fipomthe Old World, faat dert^utoTaU confidSBSriTtSii m^'^i,'!? S Batch. * held, and by tne fact that no regular attack waa ever structions of the Neapolitan ahlps were altered. They but return thlt her again. Oar own countrymen emi- onrtostttutior^ UnlaB ttu outrage n,^ ihSrShts 45 Aitiaaas Bankda ..— which la caaQy explained by tha good position they no doubt of one thingMabalaa It will aoon be .WBciK if M* da. ^twhenever SOBarleaiR.they aee a crime committed b«t 12)i— move from one part of the undertaken against them. tVhUe in tMr poets, they bad been to embark all heavy stores from the CasUe grate to Europe theyalter the arrival of the Sattta with Lbtizia. Union to another. stopped all traces of a family,of vrttneaaea can be.liO de I"amused themselves with firing from sheltered posi- and the Palace. Not only was this Immediately ThreenotlmpoaBlWe,toevidence of crime, aa wit- »N.T. OeabalB... Wi tOtaer.hTAM.-bmu"Zb tht Btmr »f tkt Nae-York Tmetchosen the men themselves.by agoes Wednesday.Inhundred ruins has its story of brutality and inhu- of their men csnfe's on Ihein. They have had their laudable object Mr. Douiarr also failed, h'.s honesty kind of execution which be Issued & Jus-from heiag bodily carried off the ground. Toe peo- dalism already committed, for every one of theple Quew themselves forward to kiss his hands, or, tomakingthe daytacit under-them,talned the canacea for t-ll^helr past and perhaps com- the ahips who have strolled about the town and seen gites accust03aed to a more regular org:ioixdtion being sufficiently apprecl?ted byandarestanding colleagues. and tbe fact that tbe execution referred to in section signedgettinx bylabor to introduce order into anything resembling" —f acclatori dell'Etna'* not a. badThe SnndayQneatton.while other were mortgageeItisratherc-jrinuathattheSicilianpatriotsreceivepay. while Ibe ,-j>!husia»tic NorthItalians who cameCourt, topunishthe defendant for a and has contempta shell falling on one, and crusoing a uniform. \ tunjNt r of red flannel shirts .lave been from walking thiough and Inhaling Its sweet.- abandon tbe neighboring one and take refuge a £ow In unifcrm. Tiie native militia are still iu their all the fruits, plants and flowers, we have another lit-tle nursing plant to tend and nestle to our hearts inthem even moreto have taken quite a delight in ferrttlng the soldiersont of their (ositlons, and worked with a will, dis- and burying the inmates, was sufficleni to make peo- made, ard t're great, St part of tne GarlbaUitos are sweets sueh as no cosuieiic can imitate. But above Iber license. The platn'iffs claimed tbat the license Reading, i®} on Michigan Central,tee balf-a dozen gorged awithvine leaves and branches ofrats rections, or you sec dog trying;Sltetle further on. shutting themselves up In the cel-lars. When the Rnyaiists retired they set fire to thoseof the bouaea which had escaped the shells, and ijriform until a better one can be got.rendered void by a single performance, con- 'and Is !0 alike that it makes abad loopholes, snd out of which a deadly fire came numbers were thus burnt alive In their hiding- If oi;e considers that it is not two months since the eyed, lair-skinued, goldei.-baired and tender plant, upon Harmann alone, upon a Saturday nightof their positions. The Itige bouses, but above all, the mouaateiles, were so many citadels whicn s^ontbeI'ountrj.very goodtbe form nfalittle boy of ten days old, who laysto give the building and 4,000 otu ijiri. or a^out the bcmb-sheUa to fly about again remains to be They ha^e scbere'* cwn a little, and have learnt the ow ns the water er of tbe Passaic near Pat- place accomplishing tbe purposes of suchup begin value of ammunition. 1 cannot help thinking they powvoyage, and, even it the proof of this had t>eett suf- it is not sufficient to hold tbem on a ofscrip only ofat once ihe of the town. Many ' pbyttognomyof theIf all the been named lortbat.urpose,present.gives operativesIpreventwho countersigns allThe tcason the companytbe evi-anticipationRiver, can noeifn naval commacders, BtklDg toem to use their I n- Betides the mUltarv organlxatlon. the civil organi- have one end of bis rope fastened on their property, voiuniaiily servingJ,000,000f., which are eaid to be In it. It u mostlypioprrty, deposited for safety. Tbe cun- t;«aiBAir>i intends to tender a protest to all the for- are cousins german tbe Albanian Bashi-Bazouks. teraon, has notified De Lave that heSiIltvlaotnes were accer>Ted.The news of the prolongaUon of the armisticea measure which does harm only zation has llkewiae » e<un. A Secretary of State haa so tbat rope-walklog In tbat vicinity Is ended for the proof tbat tbe 'defendants voluntarily served on boardItofluoi,ce tnto the defencelessof point, matuiity. The July dividend pays $9 on thisaad asked whether tbe ttiaerant vendora of tunny fish, on which he meant to carry out these instructions. HavingCommittees talk a great deal, but do city,carried the case before t^ Grand whichslbir, and toIn the meantimein thia Tbe July intereat on theGaiibaldi until thesecan beIlluott, 8. Davis.of *large quantityB. Whrtlrlgbt, 8. kooie,part foreignpopulation.only testifyingcontradicted by all the other partiea. The:erery oae aeems to live, made their shouts beard, beard tbat he would, he gave up his orotest, which he ^*'ThetowB has assumeda rather moreThe New-Orleansfor this ae-naval commanders acted In com- the decrees of the Dictator. In each province there Hoh is Oat De Lave's performances distract the at- was;changedof those who had gone on board returned, for thisranitte allowea them to put their thlnai in better Eton, I dl n't believe ihe Neapolitans would dare lo is to te a Governor,oiaer than they could do in the first hurry. The fever renew :l,e b< mbardmer.t The stoty atMUt partial people. Most of tno- r. in the neighborhood have been mills.Lahza,fullpoweis.from and after 1st July, 18G0. Fractions of the dividendswill be paid ia money.aenn«««»l ftate. Many of the funeral processiona h ive French commander came in likewise with a protest, hS'^airS^ I liSormed jou that before GaarBALWol tha crew.part __^^^'wtdcb 1 take aa an indication of a return to a more had brought with him in writing. When be left the annearance, shopsto open, but onlystates that It is not at allboat, came In with Gen.credibly informed,waich Is'mnt off with, Itla alaiad. Gen. Labia hlm»lf on poie the garrison of Trapani and tbe troops coming their 2)wer. b"t it la utterly unavaUtag against bOBb- fruitiest.the Court Eondiednmra.twoJoe. B. Brewster, J. Vanderaoal, J.H. Sr(a«beclE,4*cent., payable at the Farmers' LoanGlrgantl— preparepoa- aheUs negotiatlog withIhe feata ofbeginBbkii H.Foraman.H. Harks,Company,City,Bonds of the Citypreparatlonae'i was brought down from Naplea, with tha order notJ. 8.W. r. Bklff, S. 0. Daane.A of Oralni shells aadBrnding,aUdtffleultlea. Shoulday call do It otherwise, armiallce. The two Generala conferred quite alooe,theCourttillto-mosiowmorning. DeelaleBa.atlength,racent- Court of Wiacoaain, in ft-waro toaatlified Gen. Guibalsi. May beto the honor of a Neapolitan General ia tbe warmast « Uh of every partisan of the causa he defends.In the meantime it is certain that orae a were sectVn,m Italuina, which are hawked aboutoorrible tanny-iah,wiUjustifyihey ot trust too much00 wUchvs.ed in that State bymtjimmm iilBhiii..•iv*te,=^=^-'the armlatlce. Butcertalnlt IsOrt^fA.—SeedecisioniriSebyawT^iththat every one teems to live.T/ere is a Sardinian steamer for Ca I ser.1 this letter off.Kt. Fredeiic E. Church, thewaa marriedcompleted. Congnre rock-broughtfor- of tbe Provuioral GoveiaiaeBt ofoieciit- the fanners along the lines o( theit will be'peaceful Princetrn College.Picatmae that Dr. Palmern«ined already, and tj e sooner all are named the Bet-l^^SMiof following gentlemen were Impaneled as grand 5beginningprobable will accept either position.generations may except; It may even be tkt civil record—tbe one formally ac-50 do The pesent mode of electing Judges, the Grand iO do Jury believe, is well calculated to destroy confidence M doaW >t!l?(relieve me of thecent Contempt Case in Judge Bomnr's CourtBank* of tks, without dia- foUowioc ehaafca gr9otdrttacntslponrted by water aa eeonomlcaUftutblng or annoying the tazpayara and otber cltizena, from the previotia exhibit of June IS: aa la done at present by the caiman above alluded to, lacraaae la Loaaa.. „..„.. andtbedraymenintheemployoftheM^n^^nrta^lGaa DecreaaelaSpecie „ Company, the Providence Wovka, or others.„ia the comparison with the preriotu exhiWt, and alt*sionaldutyto aclient,firatbyrudeinsult,From the statistics of the IHstrict-Attomey's Office decreaae.justice willre-nor theWeekly ATera^eaobliterate those set down In blackthere mtut be more tlun 800 who have ;alltheNeapolitanshlossuffic^tlvprovided,orelsethereIsnomoretosparetheState,theStateexercisesacenausupervisio-ifarfromtbeIntentionoftheGrandJurytode-IS'OO.V,.S.AN.Iod.Bb-uxas3U0j0ahle.»E.I*.B_55;Issupremeover the State ita records are the most100 do»Z aMn..Mo Sll£and therefore moved the Court for anndrawnHuToa, J. Supplementary prooeediags can only In Sub-Treaaury. 6,401,279de- of to subserve the cause of education not might upona ilullMonday,theythem with their own eyes, I should be almost afraid ab(,ut previsions and orders. But It Is an Herculean Being familiar with ail the circumstances which have and tlie return of wbich unsatisfied formsat iaaat, to touch tbe bem of bis garment, as If it ron- manity. Were there not so many of tbe officers of posts assignedpurpose hisAll about the neighborhood of the Alber- last disarmamen: tookwas U poaalble to advance close to the Royal Palace geiia tbe air ia charged with the exhalations of the quantity of <iuns si ems to be still iu the country. ing Cfntrast to our dark-eyed little Daisy, whose it in bis pocket. Intending to consult counsel regard- cent, on Burlington and Chicago. At thedown on the heads of tlie soldiers In this way alone places.place.as be aveis, not UDderstanding English very well, putwith oomparatiiely little loss.WtenGASDaLBi returned a representation cameanimal body. If you can stand the exhalation, try muskets. Most of iLem are percussion, uo»ever,and come among us."tre waa opered. ano a performance was given oncent, was paid tor Bock Isl- and, tbe same as on Saturday aftemooikwaalhataach party could do as It pleased within toe llnaa, aad that, aa the Neapolitans could transoortover the charred re-ance,lier, only the pt ou.-slon-iock being coi.struciion—proba-iy longingscamperingto make Dlsescape ever arrived.aoTbe Plcciottl take hold ofOn the cover iabeen his Commerce firm at 103 surety.^ ^off In all di- But few have from the soldiers in bead-quarters.one of and the maple leaves,upper portion withhis case. He resolved to appeal, and upon giving the ^ erable on 3d requisite bonds was discharged from the custody ofJuly. Amongthe Bank shares. CityOyer aa* Teralaer.beaa nroeaeded by croaaea, pictures of aalnts. ea- and soon after tbe American. As you know, they Sine to Palermo most oi^the shopa and houses had Charies M. Waterman, ez-Uayor of New-Orleans, The extraordinaty term of the and Ter- The Park Fire Insurance Company has de-peela]9 8aata Roalia, and wax candles, convertinghave not bean attended to.JcBi 3.—Laat night, at 9 P. M., Uiedescribing them as foreign toscripUoni " " property-;; "toriiMrt Frmuni," or IntUn," or Airunami,"Oyerby the GoTenor, waa commenced tUa&mdisappeareda few days under circumitan(»a agocalledclared a dividend ,pf ptaaldlng. The roll of pedt Fire Insurance Company,iminer, committed aui- morning,fOT It did not In the partihtn. .ml fire I"f you go up the Toledo, or one ofreseat,UnlBaretalMdetice's judgment for less than $25, exclusive of costs, lu connection with the removal of the 292, theprices.and in the form paid, and I don't have ceemed it proper to state the facts, and screen section 2S9. _:tempo-arily. Hear her reason "We are the fortu-raeiiibeitd tlial an oroer was obtained the Houseof byard become Mrs. the meantime she is qualifying herself today, dischargedtheofficer.,dend, andlooked foronthetheendoftheIn assist hiiu to which he has devotedyear,Gangooly.VEfllTAS.IiawCASE or THE STaDT thkatbk.Prof. Donaldson haa beenDe Lave and Blondtn, iaa wire s'retcbed from tbe top of Library Hall, In Mar-ket- itrtrt, to a building opposite—a dtatanoe of aboutone hundred feet Ten thouaand people, tt la aald, Uwla Hoodbarn, J. Campbell,for thealready smouat to gie.ooo, ud that thev wiu doubt-and the leaa leaoh $18,000. The city o( Quebec alone xave 8l<i^nyt,he atreetics,Hathateay Clerk.gatitletU, by which on the I4th to Hlsa taabol M. Catnes, of Dayton,Ohio.Thomas M. Tryniski 309 South 4th Street Fulton New York 13069dDocurmenLaoBAas, 1—Andrewt vs. Andmra.—^M^strpBivx couai—grzciAL nax.ly made in the Supremevor of the vaUdity of the Farm Mortgmgttn.^ v., -ki.vvarious EaBways.sabacrlytlonaPopetn Ihediocase of Quebecartiat,—StTPBIMS COITBT CBAKBEB8R.eleired to borne U mind, wete transferred by the EaUwtrescape, leavingthe criminal350 da bSdo.. do., da., do., do., do., do., do., do.. w— dowaa the lastof thethe laat day of the ex-ae>. Oia Taireo», aq, sjj, iTiSi, StSr.WCourt, being rnj laiga. Tha Baeorder S60; 18, 108, 112, 040, 6».m,ui,m, aao, opened Court early aad aat lata, aad with tha ex-—?'l,OMH C.B-8B.e-ia* U. 9. r. O. B4a fltag 4aHae t_over it. But in this country, where no Church has tract from, or throw the least distrust upon, those GO H. 8. & N. I. O. 8,any authority over tbe State, and the State hai no eminent men who now confer honor and confidence Snwkpower to interfere with any Church, an eccleslasdcal upon the Bench. But It is tbe system of election that 60 do., .-.S80 31\ J•J• do Momitents transported on board tbe men-of-war by boatsaacked by the soldiery. I sunpose, however, the belonging to the latter. There are so many stories the occunZiifrry of ecclesiastical records eould be re- a trade. In the opinion of the Grand Jury, should dis- 60 d^o..pect every moment to have their town burnt andMoreover, it la very doubtful, to say the least, if which Is the cause for immediate alarm. Politics as do.:column will be called up to this place to be nady If told that 1 repeat only what Is well-ascertained fact lied on. With clergymen of the stamp of Archbishop qualify a man for any office. In confirmatioK of UiitWCbel.tt Ind'p'lis *and, if I mention this. It is only because I myself sawhostilities should begin again to-morrow. the HoGBisit certainly could not. His original refusal U u only ntceetarf to refer the public to tkt late politi-200 300 60bcoasv 28»4 28^M.BM aa.t.tm ttdo do dooraltogetherdestroyed,(fucbcases arenotunfre- lAtirincwnbentttiattheymightattendtothae quent.onelatelyfellundermyownobservation,)is Comentiont.Thiswretchedstateofthingsmaynottbe clergyman reaponaiale to any one not of hU own be surprising vhenltls considered that polidclaas 2,000 E.B. 6th M.^obtamneaaea from fear of this unjust Imprlaonment wUl at 2>s do i^collection 1,K«IW0B.B.MhH.B..«M>i ought">• •»*» '0'"" oUe* marehafflproToa l,a(( Ae tot UIML.UkV.B..unpunlahod for want of 30Pacific M. B. Co.. »1Isaac C.The Grand Jury preaent certain carmen, without 100 doany numbers to their carta, for from the tranaportingManhattan Gas Worka, near the East Eivar, to the61V 200 m.OeB.R. Scrip..at* gas tar or other liquid, for the manufacture of manure 300 Kieb. Central B... 48ProvidenceWorks, No. 357 Weat ISth-atnet aome 26 do»i1\ IBC.,B. k Q. B..baiof theof the Gaa Manufactory Company could preaent in the aggregate the>inB,HO TM^St 40,674 917,841 Including the Cleaiing-bouee operationa of the perhaps, agree with me—that I had the means of de- the Grand Jury, with the thanks of the Court Thla week, which show the iniereichaogea between the fence on my person when the unexpected and extra- same Grand Inquest haa been very aebve thla aession. Banka, and including, alao, the Sub-Treaaury stat»-provocationto the other I was not party.purpoaelyit fortunate—and making the case your own, you will,Foreman. Recorder BaaiiAaD, in the usual terms, dismissedfrom thewas granted by Judge Boanr, and there- colts, and a transcript thereof has been filed in the moderate decline in the Specie and a postpone of Average,order for contempt, as'againat me, was takenwhileandthe order the other againstwas the grantedbya much stronger Specie average than was calledThe Fonnk Waird Schools.cent, as t^rule,Nxw-YoBK, Wednesday, June 20, 1860. The remarks which have appeared from time tobeen issued to and returned by the Sheriff of this at 4^ %> cent. The Foreign Exchangee for tbe1did thlapostponement to another day.Tbe troops which have quitted Girgentl are said pressure of other engagenlehts in Court My motion ment when it exceeds in amount t23, axciusive of The Bank retuin this afternoon shows a;the execution must have been tn the formprescribedbysec.289,sub.1.be Instituted upon a Justice's or District Court judg-2V2, 464,)When the judgment Is for a less sum, section S3 for by the general run of the otber Banka-advance in rates upon p. 707) makes these provisions of the Code applicable long date paper noticed at the close of last week.^execution was only against the peraonal property of Boston steamer are a sixteenth firmer on London,to thaowingAs I have already remarked, the return of such an scarcity of California Gold Bars and double-eagiety Clerk, and an execution against bis property haa with ezceptiona on State and Federal Securitiea,in a falsebefore tbe community, from which he Ss- naturally mentary proceedings under section 292, and tbe pro- when new and of full weight. London, 109}9gentlemanposition execution ur<satl8fied cannot be the bails of supple- pieces. The latter command a small premiuia,generally isaproceedingbeforeJusticeBoirvxr,IntheSupreme TennesseesandMissourisweakerbyan|Kefugo, dlrfcteJ to the defenoant and his In Stadt {or Hoym's) i'beatre until they hudobtamed fur-J®^onquietly sleeping near us as we write this. A blue- trary to the provisions of the recently en-acted Sunday law. That order was served vance on the last price of SaturdayCentral,:;It is astonisning what a he seea.s to Ineet the roughness of this world In strik- Island, i®|coipses ImDerfectly covered by the ruins, and with "Tbey are for the mi.st part short guns, looking rather place here seems If pot slble more vacant now, tbatthat greasy smell occasioned by the burning of an like old- fashioned sii>gle- barrelled fowling pieces than the little brother she so often asked us to get her has ing It on tbe following Monday. Meantime tbe Thea- close 70^firom tbe Neapolitans that the barricading was stillgoing on during the armistice. The answer given will tee what the means. You will not have to only most of tbem must dale back to 1821) and ear-Sunday, tbe 3d of June. Tnis performaooe was ad-getting up judged a contempt of the InjUDctlon order, and Jus- end that price bid. Pacific MaU was a fractiontheirand go Insiue the ruins for it is only there tbat you a few wiiU tlie old flintlock. Ftom apoear-thingsearch loi-g btfore you stumblea1848-49. The for arms bossed covered silver quart tankard. The design is that he stand committed until the fne was paid. He without out slock. Themains of a human a ou' here, an body, leg stickingstrong, calling any price,their wounded and get pro'lsii.ns, It was out fair tbat arm ibere, a black face staring at you a little fuitber is eometb ng extraordinary. Tne strictest orders chaste r<nd handsome. The base of the tankard is was, however, given until Monday (yesterday) Injthe town should make barricadei;.While the Neapolitan officer was still waiting totake back the answer, there was a regular invasionand American naval officers, who bad re- celvea leave lo go on shore, and every one of whomon. You aie startled by a rustle, you look round and have been given to orlng iu all tlie musKets taken ornamented with a wreath of oat-leaves, the middle which to determine whether to pay tlie fine or appeal after to-day, is made ei dividend, the stock deliv-The citizens of- Montreal have beenof more recent testimonial for Sayers. It consists of a ricfalv em- tice Bonney fined the defendant $250, and ordered stronger than Saturday, and the bids for Panamaa beaver seatedand 5CU hurry out,ln order to escape their slieretl. so as to make them difficult to recog- Tlie bardie Is formed of twisted vine stalks. The Tbe case will now go to the General Term f9r ar made in Artisans to 92over the rulnapioach.dlaguatlng and poisonous contacthigh relief.*'To;myriadsthe sight of these scenes doestbe commander ol the national Ibices in Sicily. .Vnd eveiy woman into a fury. But these people have troaonpd oc- min, has sailed for Liverpool. He will remain for Heaiy A. Cram, for House of Refuge. F. S. tomed half-yearlythe Swiss Consul came likewise. Gabibaldi b no more tbe Filibuster, butlonlywonderthatBench. The It la said, intend to abidewith the American Consul;aa he dees not itwhoever came once was sure to return again, forevery one is received with a good word, and every•ne can see that he is wtlC'-^me. 1 really believebeen so long ground down and demoralized, that got eomeammuhnolusteasiiattosgaefether,off they went, at 'fome months In and after a brief visit to Stalknecht and John Hayes, for defendantGABiaAi.Di could lonn make up more than the losaescent.,English pluck."not convert every man in the town into a tUer. and WIheilmiesetrh,e street fieht laksetedp, as soon aa a gothad Joguth C^under Gangooly, the converted Brah- the final determloatlon of this caae.their nature aeems almost to have lost tbe power of cwualplisedasnedmeIn tne air. Tbeydiwsetranec,e,ofblcaozuirnsge,aswoaoyn at reaction. StUl the conviction has been brought homeduring the last few days, that no mercv was to be ex- tie end of their ammunition, and returnee t>r ax gingand England, will the over- France Switzerland, proceed hyland rt-iite to lllndostan. where he will devote him.Caae ef the Brig Falmonth. niSCHAKQE OF BIB OmcBBS AND CBEW.^^he baa subereU hitherto If leave were to re- pected from the Boarbons, and that a hundred times bow thev had fought the Roy-ols, Still, I should not self to preaching Christianity. A youag lady from United States CommissionerEglven ships.wont er If this mau fringhad really Imposed on the soldiers, while there s no doubt that the noise theythe Stare of Maine will him in Calcutta toward joinin theBridqrau, yester- and crew efthe Falmouth, who were examined upon the of voluntarilyon aIiom a few admirers ofSayeis.when he has it. Germans, byhave concluded to issue inlonger ficient, on eaid vesael. Thercehaw-ragse no one-tkird addition to the present capital in placewhi -h was under the care of tbe late Dr. Alex-ander, haa also been elected to a Professorship In refused to find Jury,cant The Mercantile a semi-annual dividend BiS^rlSI I don't think It woSld help much even elde. His bat haa alnce been found near Um river, jiuoia called, aoAdant number not being of 6 cent., payable July J. The Terre Hauteol Ibis vessel knowing" her to be a slaver dence of DeWitt, the one on thisthe convertible income bonds inmore is called for the 1st September, Tbe vessel, which Is In custody of the Manhal un- and the remainder for 1st Deaember. Upon thebe soldwhole party was accordingly discharged. scrip$15;willtehnietmoneypahiedr.InTthoeCourttoabidetheresultoftha vrillbe andsuchstockwillbeordered an additional panelSpecie. CireuUtionof the same DemandLoans continue at 5cent.io make the for the flatness ofwas as- At the close late were steadier. On thebuthe, on Illinoisand|®1 ^aea4l—.«k 410 Mich. S. k B. B. t.3,000 Tenn. 6e, J890.B-. 03 60K. 8.kV.L6.S....S Co aSO 9«5 66 dobSOin SOOCU kTaLK....b(tcent. The Bank ot Commerce, 3^which is fiilly equal to the laat half-yearly divi-Companyone-half, by way of raising the money to pay off10^and Richmond Railroad, a aemi-annual dividendQuiDCy, IlL, will bo paid by Messrs. Atwood Co., Ko. 104 Broadway.apparentlyTheae Mortgages,do allMon(iT,JHaeJS-P.II. •'^^^www.fultonhistory.com 