 Mack republicans, and between them and the^ 1MP0HTAHT FEOM WAEHITCTG&- Ferecnal Liberty bias sr j agaiost the execution of the South there la no other feeling than thatrrnMitutiou.„ ~ m represent a m$»on aadabatf of free-THE BEACnOH D. BOSTON. ConnWtnttucE<DHbUran*»tU*Ch*rt«r flecCton The congnjatkm lingered around the hall m squads IW a short tint and then dispersed.than thirty to-, are here to maintain the con*W« are bora toLake* tbe ln»a, and to *»act and «•?*•**•TrtaattwhichmakesIB*conetayleawet •nau to «»r mlwton. We are ready, sir, «•which is no longer a Intern,etr« roiis, ready eauait Mdivorce, and it will he accepted by the South a, the on y solution whkagivvs to her any W ^ f J ' i E S h w h oThe following statement of tha condition of TresanaywsBruo«Tftdaadnled —U»Otfrrtertrin anyopplxaticcsJ , J B there iadaaU.tosafcauseof,Ithank9od,burywicommoncoo* PuritanPreftnee. ^hewillassertherownindependence.PBILADKLPHIA, Dec. 10, 1800. TheMayorwinissuehisproclamationla the morning calling a Union meeting of thecititens for Thursday noon,at t h e State House.THEUNIONCONVENTIONINNEWJERSEY. TUOToar, Dee. 10. I860.AconventionofUnionmen,toconsidertheconditionof thecountryandurgeconciliatory measures,wilheheld hereto-morrow. Ifthedayshouldbefavorablealarge convention is expected.rr> i,, '. "»THE CRI8I3 AT THE SOUTH.THESECESSIONFEELINGINLOUISIANA. NKWOauuas,Dec.10.1M0.tote, c*pkdge,or act of «aTS,aWOTOl*n-to rTb**""!**w,Yo,^k,norhastherebeenforyears. ,*hewill open htr fr^e.porttothecommerce of theworld./ u z n o JIIUlex TMASVKT v o n atu» ^st,WtoMliiii,(rep.)ofOfaio,eaiditwasaothtopur-live forever peaceably. safely, t— tore security, however, demand their hearts they will approve *ition, and In ssayregretm y thing;_b*dona ^faB^air^r^yM*»or.#sympathy new between hhecity sad «ate of1,017 *sa saMMljm •» AldermanBaacrofferedaresolutiontoreducethetaav ry of the Oorporatka Attorney to $2,000 per annum ant_»any*f«;hot wa demandto wuiAMttheveryf«*oftheahar,andpot,aa •arvsnteeadjnfiaBalanceDecember0a the isthmus that connects the South with the British be oppressed with their quota of the public debt so long possessions. The Kockv Mountains separate-JS from the as any agent of the original States held any Of the assets.A D o a b l e E l o p e m e n t .TWO XXK BCW OFP WWH BACH OTHKB'S WTVE9. The Hvlmn Qmnty (Ohio) Farmer tells this story of aPacificccasi Whereistobeouroutlet? WhatarewetoMr. HOVOTDM, (opp.) of Ala , did not regard this amend- ment as essential. If there should unfortunately bo a disruption hi all likelihood there would of necessity b e a negotiation concerning the portion of debt falling on the secedingStates. Asamatterof coarsetheassetswould be divided equally with the debt.republicanspraag as the to of her opinion as a tank*! sectional prejodieet Ual wil->he willn«vf4.enjBW.Bt w bes* appendage or stove of artora,InOka outer courtsof ^fJSf*^-*^.!^^U i yea that If Ibis greet potty J * « * W ? , * 5 - T4M to engage ia a debate, but to report a bill from the sioned language, aad I should f ^ « f » f ( * » » w ^ 'and restoration ta to #ft on, it hi to Otto w y CcajnitteeofWsyeendMesne.army of conservative men that yon ara » Oosweat being given, the bill was rend. It authorizeslook, at least for its cottstatametion. I tell iim the President to "issueTreasury notes for such sums as|eoii«man frr.m Ohio (Mr.Carwin),tbecbntrmajiof this cbnaniuaf, that if las would do ah? thing < » # -ally to correct public sentiment in o w cammon stateJt tatotherwabarteredfhoesaad menneta hnownparty,together •*ith such otbara a> he aery he able to carry the payment and redenflption of which the rsJth federal government will •v.rwithhim, thatheiatotrust'aythe viodkasnonof of the United States to solemnly pledged. The tionists. It will then—. awch aaeaaures for any recoucJa*k>ri and adjustmentReferredtoemnmiwwhich hw conuaiuaa may propose, andthia •ad theresale mayadapt* -hudao it to hiceivedinpayeaentofalldebts,turn, *c Thejopem- tionofthebatislimitedtothe1stofJanuary,180k.amemberoftheUnionwillbeanhourofdegradation, tobefollowedhjjrcertamspeedymin. 1entertainno doubt either of &fur right or duty to-secede from thefree state of this Union.Aad yet, air, metrerful minority rt**ssatdC tbe country extejnfcngcm the Rocky MotnaWhto, maea apof men by mha«* rightMr. Pmnutax explained that the bill was to meet thet<mporarv demands of the treasury, which was not now Union. Arouse, then, afi your manhood for the great able even te pay the salaries sf members of Congress. work before yon, and be prepared on that day to an-Legislaturedialiy tor the kindly aentimauta to watch ha baa given •Meranda. Mr,alltieNorthwest naveadeeperinterest m thefinnervation«f this governmeat an ft a. in its present; form, thaa any other section Look at the map. Hemmed in, isolated, cat off from *he seaboard upon •vary side, a theaaand mite* and mora front the monthvaf tav Mississippi *hose free navigation under the lawBy connection made yesterday between the CharlestonsadSavannah Railroad and the Georgia Central, freightcan now be brought direct from Macon to Ashley rivwr.af nations we demand and will nave at every coat, with aoshmgleanexceptourgnat inlandteas,whereareweb y milncns tncind- from tha Atlantic•pr.D the seashore. Canany good result from it BOeonsCU-uted? Uueht any mat to be compelled to-serve opensuch a oatmuitteef I «$j*ek now for tha moment as a ing three-fourths of the year there will be Waster* maa. Ithank thagentleman from Morulaoor-Identified with you ta heart, feeling and interest, I re- turn to share iij whatever destnay the future has m store forour Shaleand ourselves.The Message of Governor Moore was read. It recom- mends the' immediate action of Louisiana before the inauguration of Lincoln; that a Conference of slave States be held; it asserts the right of secession, sad asks half a million of dollars to establish a Military Board to buy and distribute arms.In theSenate a Convention bill wasintroduced.The House resolutions fix the time for tbe assembling of the Convention earky" In January. The preamble de- clares the Northern nullification States have no right to vote for President.do when you shall have broken up and destroyed- this •government? Sir, we are seven States now , with four teen Senator* and fifty one representatives, and a poputatlon of nine millions. W e have an empire equal in areatothethirdofEurope,andwedonotmeantohethede-pendency of, or a province either, of tha East or Sooth,nor yet an inferior or secondary Power upon thia•onuncut, and if we cannot succeed in securing a mari-timeborderupon other terms, then wewillcleaveourway to theaeacoast wHh the sword. A nation ofwarriora. we may be a tribe of shepherds. And yet nearlyawe half of "the people of that vast empire, which ao lands, 75 against 124. fontaine. At this moment Mr. Johnson and theCan there be a doubt in any intelligent mind that the ment of this committee. My motives may be mis- object which the black republican party has in view isto be carried out on the same day with the other parties. Both .guilty couples had clandestinely slipped off from Marlboro' on the same day; one party took the cars at Alliance, ami theother got on thesame train, though inself made men." "Second, the true theory of their ad- vancement and success." "Third, the advantages they derive from the manners, customs, ideas and institu- tions of the country in which they live, and how theseCol. John A. Elmore has been selected by Gov. Moore as Commissioner t o t h e South Carolina Convention.sixteen States of this Talon I protest against the arrange-mterpreted now. Be it so. Time a ill in a little while vindicate them.Mr.McCiaaaAjro,(opp.)ofEL,inrisingtospeak,said aewouldnotat that time touchuponthe construction af the committee, nor was it his intent ion to enter uponthe ultimate extinction of slavery hi the United States* To doubt it is to cast the imputation of hypocrisy and imbecility upon the majority of the people of every NorthernStatewhohavestoodbythispartythroughall itstrialsandstrugglestoitsultimatetriumphinthe electionofLincoln. 1amsurethatnoone canentertain for ihem individually or collectively less personal re.-1vetpeetedtbeetheruntilthey metatCrestline,whenthe feeliipstheyenjoyedmaybeImaginedbutcannotbe describedonpaper.cismsanddisadvantageswhichtheyarealwaysliableto meet,asacla--s,inthishighlyfavoredcountry." He said—-There areno such menasself-made meninthe. world. All are dependent. Man can no more declare hisOoiraBiA, Dec. 9,1800.In reference to Commissioners from Virginia, Kentucky,be prepared to define hu» views upon it. Upon the ition of secession he would only say,that when it it would open uu a troublous and fearfulidea that in obtaining power they will refuse to exercise it tor the only purpose for which they professed to seek it. I do believe that with all their meanness and duphhard words and names to each other, and anally sepa- rated; s\ott and Mrs. Johnson taking the B. a nd L. Rail- rani, and Johnson and Mrs. Scott the P ., Ft. W. and C.more than t;ie little, foaming State of South Carolina cabdeclare its independence of the United States. Men obfrom a n y quarter.lands, and maintained, as heretofore, in thelanguage oftrain were W. K. Scott and the wife of Levi I.. Johnson, -has promised to preside at the former. The Mayor hasbeen solicited to protect the meetings, and he has repliedthem "as long as possible." The Chief of Police has been also applied to, and he says that he will keep the peace, "if possible." So that it is evident that popular sentiment is strongly aroused against t h e abolition fa natics just at this time. Tbo papers here, I understand,Jackson,theyshouldnotberegardedasasourceofreve-of Marlboro , Stark county. They readily iecoguized us, came uptowhere we were, andafter theusual sanita-traordinary production.in tbe wickedness of secession, and thinks that Virginia will not secede. He says the position of South Carolina is bold, phun, daring, flat-footed rebellion against and treason to the rest of the States. He thinks the only question involved in the Carolina imbroglio is whether it IsworthwhiletokeepherintheUnion. Hebelievesthat the federal laws should be enforced in South Carolina, nrtwithstanding an ordinance of secession, and is bitter on tbe secession party.REPORTS FROM SOUTH CAROLINA. CHARTESTOX, Dec. 10, I860.soon a to perform an important part in the affairs of thiaeoutinent. is utterly ignored and excluded frian thiseomniittee. Morethan onehundredthousandvotes,re-presented here upon this floor by sixteen members,are silenced and disfranchised In it* arrangement. Such 'done while a motion to excuse Mr.Hawkins from service called upon to witness. The way the ribbons, bonnets la your committee, and 1 cannot and will aot vote totoghereth.aday actingin theeyeof posterity,andwehave solemn duties to the whole country to perform, andSTwe do not discharge them instantly and aright, notpoppy nor mandoragonn, nor all the drowsy syrups of theworld, will medicine us to that sweet sleep which yester-day we enjoyed. Sir, In the name of the democracy of says:—Honorfinedeachof them%6andco6ts forbrooking the peace.ofthe Twentveighth Congregational Society (orFrater nity). and delivered a lecture on "Self-Made Men."he should be excused from serving upon it. B e had advocated the doctrines of the -'higher law" and the Allen"irrepressible conflict," be bad exhibited to the public a Breckinridge ....Dor the tuat-ives which had prompted him in his generous character so infamous that even black republicans would Bourbon .... 6.120 I.vkins saaait'esiauon. notwithstanding that he could not agree not nasard theuseofhisname. To trod a candidal .of Brown .... 2 665 McUeewith him that he ought to be earuaed from serving on the same principles and less notoriety was the great Bi.tk-r .... 640 Marshall the committee, and, therefore, that he differed from his work to be performed by the Chicago Convention. That Coney 2.845 Morris friend, Mr. VaUandjgbam. The very reason, Indeed,as- only was successfully discharged to the selection and Chase 912 Madisonand dwtraot the public mind. Assuming this to be so, ty so utterly unworthy of public confidence, Hunter 194 Wilsonvision. So it is with the acquisition of knowledge." In regard to human equality ho Baid:—"Every living man. no matter from what laud be may come, no matter from whom descended, no matter what his complexion, has an equal right with every other man to possess and ac- quire knowledge, and cultivate his powers and faculties, and enjoy his independence and intelligent personality. All are equal before Heaven, and they should be so on earth. All men are not equally honest, right and good, but all should try and be equal in this." In speaking on life he said:—"The industrious pleasure-seeker, who livesthan tories—they were the scum of hell." and, that"slavery w a s doomed, a n d would g o down in blood.Cine of tbe negresses was Introduced by the name ofMoses, as a person whohad by berown hand emancipat-ed a large number of slaves. "When called up she was pensation is secured.asleep, and after her Introduction she again fell asleep; Fifthly—The appropriation of 130th street, near the and certainly from her appearance looked little like a bore of Harlem river, will interfere with tbe landing ofthanked b* friend from Florida from his heart,3.1(13 Linnhe was surprised and amazed that the entire de-mocracy of the North should be excluded but men looking to the security of their property, andfrom all representation in that committee. W as fathers and husbands anxious for the safety of their fami-ERS IN SOUTH CAROLINA.the public by the running of the care of this company on the great thoroughfare of the eastern section, of thethis. air, from the fact that the Northerndemocracywasmisrepresentedonthis floorf Notso;forit w a s represented b y some twenty-live members, a n yone of whom was worthy of a place upon that commit-tee, capable of assisting in itsdeliherations and of bring-ing the questions at issue to a successful term mat ion.Why, then, be would again ask, was the North andNorthweatern democracy left unrepresented on that coin-Obituary.Cotvr DKF.IGXY, ox Receiver-General of Calvados, hasclear index to the abnormal condition of the minds of one of those whose rash conduct and unwise appeals will onlyducting Itsoperations as extensive as those of tbe other city railroad companies. I should regret if t h e Common Council, b y partial legislation, should give a precedent thatapint,andletconcessionsfroiu-onetotheother healup Ah*- wound which at present rankled so deeply. U-t them hasten the work of conciliation before ft was too late, and, acting upon the principles ofjustice and patriotism,.toowhateverwasnecessarytosecuretotheSouthher constitutional guarantees. Lei them do that, aad it seemed to him as clear as noon day that they would settle forever this distracting question ofslavery liehadconfidenceinhisfnaudfromVir- ginia, the mover of this committee-—in his purity of cha- racter and disinterestedness of purpose—and as far as- the committee was personally composed, he bad nothing -tosayagainstanyofthemembersofIt. Hehvjpvdtheir f^flbrts would bring peace to the rountrv.efthis it would.be necessary te make up a casemfavor of n o t hoar t h eThatoona^ic*- Mr. White*** •f put down stairs,and out into the street. The eonfraga-thewordthe next four years, jtoe ejgy of New York will cling the cold formellMen of a broke*to the I'nkn while rv ^ bop*. m \*n bat whoa there constitution. Heaven has prrtsomtong-si.Fugitive slaveryriuve lu a i.mcegw e would prominentkeep tb«m united. Nothing now holds usThai body ntet hat tion rushed wot after him. He quietly walked nway. chair.Pack ata*nomination of Mr. Lincoln. Clav 170 Nemaha Again, be says:— Iouglas 9.207 OsageI know that there are those w h o say and believe that I'onrpbaii 8,148 Pottawatom iehe Harlem steamboats, thus impeding a channel of traf- ficandthoroughfare, andperhapsinvolving thecityim litigation.signed by the gentleman from Florida for claiming to beexcused was the strongest reason that could be urgedwhy he should serve upon it. H e ought to remainon it so that he might assist in controlling that this party is incapable of exercising the power it has ob- Uavis 1.1*9 Riley fanaticism which had driven the country to its pre tained without breaking to pieces, and they look conil- I ickinson 303 Shawnee sent perilous condition. This committee was called for deutly to its overthrow at an early period, it may be Porn 59 Wyandotby the perilous condition of the country, and was design- that a coo] philosopher, located at a safe dis- Franklin 3.040 Wanbansee ad to combine influences from every political organisa- tance from the scene of danger, may reason plau- Godfrey 1*93 Washington tioninfavorofsettlingthequestionswhichnowagitate siblyuponthechancesofoverthrowingapar- Greenwood 360Woodsonperson whocould emancipate even herownenergies,let alone any one else. The Chairman, in winding up the meeting with a few remarks, said. "The Union of theseKtW YORK BEBALD, tpESDAY, DhH&JiiJlfi 11, I860—m ii---IT—iir s^~- — IT "^^ •' ii -MUNICIPAL AFFAIRS. aH»r**fforDklorbaiK* Thte '#t»k,THEMUNICIPALELECTIONINBOSTON. BOSTON, Dec. 10, I860.ThevoteforMayorofBostonto-daywasasfoBowsj— Joseph M. Wightman, democrat and Union, 8,76*.Moses Kimball, republican, 6,681. Wightman'Bmajority,8,087. TheUnionistshaveelectedalargemajorityofthecityCouncils.Arainstormprevailedthisafternoonand evening.• •OCRBOSTONCORRESPONDENCE.» Bosrox,Dec. 9,1860. JfofV-thoJifiVmEUcritemerUin BMton—TSratUemedZHstaro-ancethisWeek—AtuXkerSlightExhibition, de.The radical abolitionists, or John Brown men, have not done yet with the excitement which then- recent riotous han<i ihis noevrnwient a w b a defended, maintained and Last week the revenu* fell short a quarter of a million. nounce aad saaintain vour independence outof the Lnion, meeting has set on foot in this city. They have determined restored, « a* *a"tcatowi wean thja ccmmMaseaa the saads No increase of the ereasnxy debt is proposed. Tlia re- for you will n e w again have equality and justice in it. to bold another glorification meeting some day thia week*HEUNIONMEETINGINPHILADELPHIA. BalanceNovember20lingto(xbtribut4 »utoherpowertomaintainBerhonor andsafetv ToiDartwithourfrtotodsatthe Northwno at heme sad > jhraacV-whea there to so longer a Union, h S e T ^ J J R t t M U to dMSutntto^lfUl =coulda pang in .very Southern breast^ftMjsrith tnem*we « Honor andfuReceipts......Total.. Paymentsforbiddinghimtoretainsayfees. tee o n Salaries and Offlces.hopelessness ofany lion. Youhaweto unscrupulous enemy,I anything, hot in the ofMarch,MSI,the shands of the aboli- retheshntn either Mil authorizes the President to borrow from time to urxttyourconndttoceor your loyalty;andinmyhonest timemoneytoredeemthesame. Thenotesaretobere- judgment each hoar that Georgia remaiusthereaftertheexigeixieeofthepublicsemcereeeire.notexceed-isff fMMOOjOtto, of denomtnatisus not Jess than $100, tobe redeemed at the expiration of a year, bearing end will donothing. On the Interest not to exceed six per centum, forceipts for the current quarter have fallen short several millions, and it to probable that daring the remain-at Tremont Temple, and if they persist in carrying out that intention themost serious consequences maybe ex- pected toensue,forthere isa fixed determination onthe partoftheconservative portion of thecommunity,the merchants andsolid men of Boston,nottopermit any more John Brown meetings to be held here, even if itbe- comof necessary tolsuppress them by force, fne Union party here is composed of men of all parties and classes, who feel the danger of all Buch insane demonstrations ata deficiency ef ten to fifteen millions. We have keen three years Irving en credit, and ought to preserve the credit of the government by the meansnow proposed, or change the revenue laws. This will not, according to appearances, be the last loan bill Its provisions are similar to the act of 1867.Mr. CtuwroRD, (©pp.) of «a., proposed several amend- ments, one of which specifically pledges the public lands forthepaymentandredemptionofthedebt. Hewasof opinion that there could be no agreement between the"f•, . ...Fai ilitiea aitthe South. CHARLESTON, Dec. 10, I860.mitteef R was not because they -were Insignificant innumbersorinfluence. No,sir,butitwasosaccountof wordwhichholdsthemtogether,andwhentorntopieces oftheplenipotentiariesoftheTreatyofZurich.Of slaveryhasbeenlaidouteversince. Hewasanegrosympathizers with the .-south at the North. It would seem, from the tone of the articles below, that all per sons from the North are put in the category of abolition ists—qnite an erroneous opinion. Here is the circular re- ferred to above:—TO THE EDITOR OF THE CHARLESTON H.ERCTOY. "All hail" to the resolution of Col tarew, in reference to the teachers in our normal and public schools. It is athe rights of the municipality it* members represent FERNANDO WOOD, Mayor,ran snoorr cua.vn«o onwnow.A report of the OmnmiUee on Finance, in favor oftransferring t h e sum-»C$36,000 from t h e appropriation for Russ pavement to tn>->«£propriation" for cleaning; streets, and $8,200. from the same source, for the salaries of the members of the Common Ooancil. was presentedeach atrocity in parliamentary proceedings, in the by other dissensions, hatred to theSouth and her insti- three brothers of the deceased, one was Prefect and scholar and philosopher. Presidents, in the days ofmalignity of disappointed personal ambition, in thepassing surrender of official dignity to political intrigue.Or in the hostility of the republican party to the demo-Thomas Jefferson, were men, not platforms, as they are in these days. I want to give you some black instance*. I hope you will not become jealous. T ou have had yourmove In the right direction, and meets with hearty ap- and a resolution to that effect adopted.cracy of the North_Jie could account for it in no otherway. The commirCee was most unfairly organized. The In which of these States did the black republican partylie with the mantle of death. America is especially and peculiarly the home of self made men. They are found in all our high places clothed in honor and power. Courts,proval everywhere. I have not conversed with a single man whodoes not say, " Well done, good and faithful servant;" continue pressing on thegood work unti!the evil is rooted out. W e want n o wolves in sheep's clothing among us. Our teachers should be " te the manor born.'' I have commenced war against the Yankee teachers lately imported for our normal and public schools, and shall continue t h e fight until their places are tided by Southern men and Southern women. For the information of your readers, and particularly the members of the Legislature. I subjoma list of the Yankee teachers in our various public schools, imported from the abolition schools of tbe North; the time of their arrival in this city, together with ihe amount of saJary paid to eachMr. PBrwjrsY spoke against tbe rejection of the'contract system of cleaning the streets, affirming that the present mode was much more expensive than the contract sys- tem, while th* principal streets were not cleaned. He thought the City Inspector evinced a want of moral flrm-AA number of small bills to defray election expense! were concurred in.The Board concurred to appropriate $1,600 to Jotin Duffy for extra services to constructing a sewer in West Nineteenth street.A targe number of general orders pertaining to routine matters were adopted, after which the Board adjourned till Thursday.The Itatereste 6m t h a Coauity Deposit».MXhtlNO OP THE SlTKnVlPGKS, IKYEfcTlOATIsG COMMITTKB—TH1 CITY CHAMBERLAIX A r n U B l AMD DBCLIKKS TO GIVK A BOND—MAYOR WOOD INVITED, BUT NOT IN ATTBNDAKCK, ETC., KTC.The joint Committee of the Supervisors appointed ta ascertain tbe amount of interest paid on the County de- posits, and the security for their safe custody, held ta adjourned meeting yesterday. There was not a quorum of the Committee present, and Supervisor Blunt, the Chairman, asked ex-Judge Whiting, whosppeared for Mr.Piatt,ifhehadanyobjection to proceed without aUnion party was represented by only three members, the lose power in consequence of their acta repealing; the Fu- Breckinridge by six. while the republican party were re- gitive Slave law and nullifying theconatrtutioDof the Lull- presented by sixteen members on that committee. It ed StatesV So far from their anti-slavery legislation be-might be answered that California and Oregon are repre- ing an element of weakdtsas, ii has proven in all these sented oy democrats, but. in the language of the States the Shibboleth of their strength.Ho closes as follows:—General at Moulins from 1820 to 1830, filled the same function-* at Caen until 1837, at which period h e retiredon a pension, having attained the regulation age of sev- churches, senates, all spread rich carpets at their feet.tutions swallows up all other troubles, and restores harmo- ny to their distracted ranks. On this point w e are not left to mere conjecture. The history of the party in the ten nullifying States affords practical proof of the fact.Councillor of State, a second to the general whose namohas been mentioned by M. Thiers in connection with onoof thi'brilliant feuts of arms of the First Empire, andthe third was the French admiral engaged In the affair of way long enough. (Hissed.) Slavery robes our repub N'avarlno. The deceased, after having been Receivermember of Ohio (Mr. Valiandigham)„he would say, nothanks to them for that, for those were wholly repre-sented by democrats only,and compliance with the reso-lution necessitated the appointment of those members tothe committee. In view of the perils and dangers whichenviron the country. be had supposed that the great vic- very different light from the snere question of resistingt o r i o u s p a r t y w o u l d n a v e r a i s e d i t s e l f t o t h e l e v e l o f t h e t h e e l e c t i o n o f a P r e s i d e n t w h o h a s b e e n c h o s e n i n t h eoccasion,and,forgetting partyprejudices,»clasAmeri- usual and constitutional mode. It is not simply ernorofVermont,andcontinuedtooccupytheExecutive byapplication andindustry, ••maketbeworldadebtorcans or patriots in the mu>rest^JmtP"welfare thatacomparativelyobscurealiolitionlst,whohatesthe chairuntil1836.anti slavery patty upon the rights andprivileges of the South, guaranteed by the constitution. Older these cir- cumstances it was no wonder that their friends at the South were anxious to See the evil day bv deserting their friends at the North But the South would not desert them. He would not believe U u the gallant sons of the South would deserve these friends in extremity. They woold not leave them to sutler the whole penalty whichwouldbeinflicteduponthosewhowouldbolefttothe (laughter of David Maxwell, Esq.,ofChraesmore. Kiil'cudbrightabire, and was born at Cardoness in 1773. He marriod in 1806 the daughter of Samuel Martin,Esq.,tions. It brings to the South the solemn judgment of ol' Antigua, and succeeded his father in 1825; was appoint-Miss Price Miss OtisOhio 17 monthsMassachusetts.. .14months ST. PH1LUP 8TRKET rVBUC St HOC(1... 1,000 800.. v:.ooo.. 1.000 800. 2.000 .1.000The facta and considerations which 1 havo endeavored to bring to your view present the propriety of reaisjancij on the part of the Sooth to the election of Lincoln in aui tbe United Stabs, died at his residence in Reading, Pa., last week, at the rip*> age of nearly 79 years.their respective circles, like bright stars in the blue over banging, leaving places where they shone robed in dark ness, till they have been relighted by the glory of otherof a common country. Party bate, however, and the institution of the South, has been elected President, andspoils of office has been the mainspring of the action of that we are asked to live under the administration of athe republican party. And whence is the source of this man who commands neither ear respect nor confidence;hostilitytothedemocraticparly? Itarisesfromthefa$t thattheSouthcontemplate*resistanceeventodisunion. Kirkcudbright. Hewastbesonofthefirstbaronet,by Onconcludinghislectureheaskedpermissiontobeal- thatthedemocracyhasresisted theaggressions oftheLength of time in the Vity.*tldryper An- num.Woundedhonormighttoleratetheoutrageuntil bvano- ther vote of thepeople thenuisance could be abat.-d, but the electienof Mr. Lincoln involves far higher considera-lowedtomakesomeremarks.There was an instantaneous cry of " go on:''"yes,yes.Dotci ASS proceeded to say—" Boston is a great city,a majority of the people of every Northern State, with a solitary exception, in favor of doctrines and principle violative of ber constitutional rights, humiliating to her pride, destructive ol her equality in the I'uion, and traught with the greatest danger to the peace and safetyolber people. It can horegarded innootherMr.Mis« Edmonds, Prin.New York 4 years...FocnjisjiixARKA.XSAS.—Sometime sinceacommunity standinthepositionofthedemocraticparty. Would light than a declaration of the purpose and ofmenandwomenwasestablishedatHarmonySprings, gallant Kentucky desert tbemr No; uernher would Teu- intentions of the people of the North to in IN utou county, Arkansas, for the avowed propiolion of aesee nor Missouri, nor Maryland. These gallant bord«r continue, with the power of the federal government, the ••HMiial, social, intellectual and spiritual happiness."MissThurton MissMillerNewYork 17monthsMates would not leave them to suflbr at the hands of a triuinpantanddominantlov. Theywouldtightthebat- tle out under the constitution, and if the South400 quorum,orwouldpreferpostponementtillaquorum could be obtained.1.000Counselrepliedthathewouldprefer having aquorum present, because Mr. Piatt did not feel bound by law to give any additional bond for the security ofCharlestown and Bunker Hill, he said—" Freedom of TENDER OF MILITARY SERVICES TO SOUTH the money in his charge as countv dep««-iW.St. Inula KrpuMirrw, some members of the society be- pattole either with her honor or her safoty. In my mind came skeptical of the Doctor's antecedents, and began anto an increasing spirit and power of aggression is comintense hatred. Aliens to heart, n o powered free* eeneesing, j o s O ^ and tbe like.^eUcwcltixens of Georgia, IbavMI r ^ ^ place h,for«youtbefactsofthecasem.gtftfand unimpaa-tic. to myownconnectionk,andh#>«nfeu*fclto>oo, if 1 did not in conclusion warn yedngatnat thcjangerae>rCelay,and impress uponyon itmedyfortheseevilsshort< deal with a shrewd, hjnrtlMt who In their extremity may p -Aresolutionincreasingthesalaryofthegeneralbook, keeper and first assistant bookkeeper m the Finance De- partment—the first to $2,600 and the latter te $2,000.A similar resolution increasing the salary ef the Deputy Street Commissioner to $8,600 aad his ehief stark •» $3,000perannum,wasalsoreferred.AresolutiondirectingtheStreetCommissionertepur- chaseasteamfireetgiueforCompanyNo.0,andthattha cost Is not to exceed $2,800, was referred.The Board non-concurred wtth the report of tbe Fir* Commissioners expelling several members from Compa- nies Nos. 13, SI and 48; and the report in tbe case of HoseCompanyNo.17wasdirected tobesentbacktothe Fire Commissioners.Alderman STAHS, in refusing to vote sgaiast tha currenoe ef the Commissionera' report. considered that he would b e giving a license t o ruffianism, murder and the destruction of public arepertp, whtoh had been estab-ished in t h e charges against these companies.After some routine business the Board adjourned taThursday next at fire o'clock. ^Board ofThis Board met last evening—President Jones in thtChair. The minutes of the previous meeting having bast read and approved, the Chairman of the Board of Excise Commissioners sent in a communication, in whichas called attention to certain detects In the Excise taw. Beta of the opinion that if the taw ta not amended very few persons will take out license. Mr. Haskett intimates task unless the Excise law ta speedily amended, he cannot sa- crifice his self-reapect by continuing to preside overthe Board. The paper was directed to be printed ta tha minutes.A VETO FB0M THE MAYOR.The subjoined veto relative to laying a branch track la 180th street by tbe Third Avenue Railroad Company, wanreceived and ordered to b e printed:—MAYOR'S Orncx. Dec. 10,1800.To THE How. Tan Coano* OOCWCIL:—Gtynxnrs—-A series o f resolutions granting permiSBtoato tbe Third Avenue Railroad Company to lay a branch track in 130th street, westerly from the Third avenue, end a side track in the Bowery, between Fifth and Sixth streets, also a double track in Seventieth street^from Ihe present track in Third avenue, westerly to the Fifth ave- nue, and a branch track in Tryon row; also directing the Street Commissioner to cause the Third Avenue Railroad Company to lay an additional track westerly of their pre. sent tracks in lark row , and granting pemussionta lay an additional track westerly of those now laid at the terminus of the Park; also grant* Ing permission to pave t b e space within t h e outer rails of their road with small cobble stone from Fifth street to Harlem river, and repealing all resolutions or acts inconsistent therewith, is returned to your honorabia body without m y approval. M y objections t o t h e resolu- tions are :—Aloadoftelegraphpoleswasbroughtdownbythisrouteto seek an oath* for our foreign communication:' Here North and the HOuth. It was, therefore, the duty of the to-day from one hundred and seven miles above Savan- the present crisis, and you m ay rely upon it that any at- The Evening Picayune retreats from its conservative;we nave fifteen hundred miles off Southern frontier,hut Southern members toask their friends that the public nah, for the new telegraph line on theCharlestonand a little narrow atrip of seventy miles and less from Vir-tempt to get them up win be stubbornly resisted.A private meeting, composed: of a committee of twelve leading black republicans, w a s held last week to discuss the question whether or not free speech on the John Brown raid would now be tole- rated in Boston, and the committee decided to call two public meetings or conventions—one to be an out-and-out John Brown glorification affair, and the other a "free Mr. GROW, (rep.) of Pa.,opposed pledging the public Fast. The first persons we recognised getting from the speech" meeting. John A. Andrew, the Governor elect,position, a n d admits public opinion in LouJrtaria is strong- ly in favor of secession.POSITION OP GOV. BROWN, OF GEORGIA. MIXXEOGKYTUE, Ga., Dec. 0, I860.Governor Brown is out In a long letteV favoring se cession.JOHN MINOR B0TTS ON SECESSION. AXKXJUTDRU, V a., Dec. 10, I860.Mr. Botts' letter on the subject of secession is an ex-ginia to Mwstssippi binding us on the want. Ohio lands besetapart for the paymentof the debt. They Savannah Railroad. of theSooth didnotdesire anyof the retiring States toMr. MOKRIS. (rep.) of III., endeavored to introduce a pearance. The women instantly recognized eachresolutiondeclaratoryofdevotiontohasUnion,he. other, and without uttering a word "pitched Questions of order wore raised, and it could not be into" one of the liveliest free fights we have'ever beenon the select committee was pendingWithout further action thereon the House adjourned.collars and fancv fixings (lew was refreshing to milliner-and mantua makers. This excited Scott and Johnson, do not desire to give publicity to the proceedings of theseaompel any inau to serve upon it. Sir, the time is short,the danger is imminent, the malady is deep-seated andfast extending. Whatsoever is to be done must be doneat once, and it must be done thoroughly. Every remedymoat go right straight home to the seat of the disease.Let us have no delay, no convention, no miserable tem-porising expedients, otherwise net tha secession of alawStatesonly,butthetotalandabsolutedisruptionof TheletterofSecretaryCObbtethepeopleofGeorgia, fghtawereprogressing.ConstableSmithsloppedthe ThenotedFrederickDouglass,ofRochester,N.Y.,ap- this whole government is Inevitable Sir, w e are- standand they were so sorelv grieved at each other for run- LETTBR OF SECfiETABY OOBB TO THE PEO- ning away with their respective wives, that they wentforthcoming meeting*, except in case of a row; but a row is almost Inevitable as things look now .PLE OP GEORGIA.WASHrroTox, Dec. 10, 1860.into pngi listic exercise with a hearty goodwin.A great many persons were gathered around, but noandwillbedestatched Southatouee. Iampcrmittc1to make one or two extracts from it. After referring to the origin and purposes of the black republican party haScott and Mrs. Johnson, who have for some time beensuspected of being guilty of intrigues, had planned anelopement, and Johnson had also planned an elopement, tinct heads, as follows:—"First, the class designated asSenator Clay, of Alabama, has tendered ,Gev. Moore his resignation, to take effect on the 4th of March, unless Alabama should secede earlier.curious elopement ami its consequences:—()n Tuesday of last week, while standing on the plat-formofthedepotbuilding at Crestline, waiting forthe train to start eastward, we saw a train arrive from thenue.The amendments were rejected; that pledging the tions inquired when a train would leave for Belle that he will order out the military and police, and protectThe bill passed in the form reported. wife of Scott also unexpectedly made their ap-one caring much which of tbe parties whipped, they en- e«»uraged the tight and laughed at the sport. While theNEWSPAPER ACCOUNTS.[From tbe boston Post, Dec. 10.]that I have heretofore referred to,has just been printed, fighting and took the parties before the Mayor, and his peared in Music Hall yesterday forenoon, by invitationGovernorfrom Union district.electeddelegate tot h eConventionAfter pay irg their fines, which satisfied them that fightthe question of mini—Inn "Sufficient was for the day than I do, and yet I do give them credit for m>>re ing WHS an unprofitable way of settling the difficulty, independence of those around him, and of the race, than and other border States, the Guardian says it is a uselessber and respectability of those who have advised m e of their opposition to these resolutions would alone be suffl. cient to justify m y returning tbe same that they might obtain a hearing.was the evil thereof." When that question came up he sincerity and Intelligence *han Is consistent with the they ,indulged ui the application of a goodly number ofa teaming billow in the Atlantic can declare* its independenoe of the ocean which supports it; no! nti measure. The Convention will not listen to persuasionsJobnswn 4513Total TWeton (S. C.) Mercury of tbe 7th inst., which affords a pretty island, the company possess already facilities for con- •enty.Honest toil is in good repute here. Down South, when their men become great they run away. The poor white trash at the South are kept lietween thewind and the3.120 l^eavenworthlr,doors. Mr.Wh** wns hurried in the oe^lro of n crowd totfc»«H*rs. Someof hlj frta^ got» *r*»teffuture. Hewasnotone of those who thought that this city they dohate slavery andslaveholders quite as much Railroad. Since then nothing hasbeen heard of their tain their best acquisitions from those around them. The ANTI-SLAVERY MEETING IN CHEEVEB'S Secondly—It does notappear that the application hasgovernmentcouldbedissolved bythecouseutofanyof as"theysaytheydo,andthatnoargument addressed to jOuineyings. theconiratetagpartiestoit. Boundtogether,asthey theirheartsorjudgmentsinbehalfoftheconstitutional«>The Census of I860.truetheoryofself-made men1attribute totheacquisitionofsuperiormentalendowment. Asell-mademanisone who makes the most of circumstances, favorable op-portunities, good luck, industry, application. Of all la-bor,mentallaboristhehardest. 1havetriedboth. Expcrience teaches that those men who try to get up willbe helped up,and those who don't try to get up will behelped down. Honest labor is, in the main, the wholesecret. Man must work out his own emancipation. If aman was to be taken out of the bright sunlight and im-mediately and suddenly thrown into a dark cellar, and ifCHURCH.Tbe usual monthly prayer meeting (a very "sleepy' affair) was held last evening in the lecture room of the Church of the Puritans. At one time the congregation consisted of Mr. Johnson (tbe chairman),, tbe Rev. Mr. Ambrose, from DJinois, Dr. Hart, seven gentlemen, five ladies, three negresses and one negro.For want, doubtless, of argumentative matte., thebeen made b y a n y persons except those interested in o r acting on behalf of the company which enjoys a lucre* tive franchise, now sought 10 be enlarged.Thirdly—The owners on 130th street have recently paid aheavyassessmentforregulatingthatstreet,whichwill enure to the benefit of the Railroad Company withoutwere, by a common language, by common mountains and -valleys, lakes and rivers. It w a s only a civil war—a tre- mendous civil war. such as the sun sever yet shone upon, and such an uever before deluged the earth with blood, or eeserrated it with slaughter, thai could do this. There• more strength HI t h e government than people generallyanagme. Granting that the government itself was weak,it had a strength in the loyalty and patriotism of the peo- Lincoln had neither the record nor the reputation of the counties included within the limits of the State ofple that would make it endure forever. The gentleman of a Statesman. Holding sentiments even more Kansas, as prescribed in the Wyandot constitution. The from r'ktndu alluded to the cou»tru lion of this commit- odious than those of Seward, he was indebted to population of the Pikes Peak region amounts to about tee, and luul urged upon the notice of the bouse the ex- the comparative obscurity of his position for a 70 COO in ailditiou:—cMsH4i of the Northwestern and Northenr* de triumph over his better known competitor. By Atchison ... 7.747 Jeffersonmncrary from that committee, aa a reason why the boldness and ability with which Mr. Seward Anderson .... 2.408 Jacksonrights of the South would receive the slightest considera- tion. What might be effected "by an appeal to their fears andcupidityIwillnotnowstoptodiscuss.(In the nomination of Mr. Lincoln for the Presidencythe black republicans gave still more pointed expression This dues not iuclnde the census of any portion of tbe to their views and feelings on the subject of slavery. Territory west of the sixth principal meridian, but onlyPOIll.ATlON OP KANSAS.We publish below the census of the Territory of Kan-sas, as taken by the United States marshals, by counties.any contribuiHon on its part. ble.This ie manifestly inequita->.lies, require some stronger guarantee than the feeble as-suranceofpartizanspeculationstoquiet theirapprehen-sions and allay their fears. This may be the case, butunfortunately for the future peace and security of jnst died, at Noutron (Tordogne). at the age of 93. H<?the Sooth, the causes which may lead to its" dis- was the sin of the sister of Baron Louis, formerly Minis- and came here clothed with English eloquence. solution and defeat arise outside of the slavery ter of Finance, and in 1822 married Madlle. Lnfitte, niece absolutely astonishing, and with Anglo-Saxon question. So far from the question of slavery leading to of the celebrated banker. His son, at whose house he ideas and facts. His schoolmaster was Louis such a result, it is the only sdbjec t upon which the part y died, is now re<-t iver of the arrondissement of Noutron; Kossuth. (laughter.) Benj. Bannaker, the honest black thoroughly harmonizes. HosiOiiy to slavery is the magic and his daughter married the Marquis de Bonneville, on • statesman of Maryland, helped to lay out that city where,—46»i 2.307 12,900 8.347 6.095 1.501 2.275 ^800 080 2,551 1,1R8 1,856 1.260 3.4©."> 2.fl0:» 99.1 337 77he was to ins-taml) leave the cellar, he could not see Cbairman read a number of extracts from a life of Johnanything, although the collar might contain precious Brown, "of immortal memory," and in his remarks madestones audsplendidjewels; but if the man stay in the bim a greater hero than Garibaldi. Mr. Ambrose' saidcellar a little while the treasure will pop outon his that the •-supporters of slavery at the North were worseFourthly—Whether the fee of the streets to In the city or the property owners, the latter possess such right* that the use of the streets should not be granted without their consent. It te represented to m e b y a large ma*jority, If not the whole of the property owners, both on 130lb. street and Seventieth street, in the vicinity of the line vfhere tracks are authorized to be hud, ^ a t the value of their property will be seriously injured oRreby. Such a deterioration should not b e made b y public authority without regard to the wishes of the owners, unless com-CH.HFI.FSF. EKKLMAX, whoforforty-three years past fur-nished the principal calculations for the almanacs printed nobility of the South. Our great men drop down fromHow W a. A. PAUTKK died a few days since at Danvill'-,Vt., at an advanced age. From 1818 to 1826 Mr. Palmer rising stars." He concluded his lecture by saying there WHS l a i t c d S t a t e s S e n a t o r . I n 1 8 3 1 h e w a s e l e c t e d G o v - i s n o m a n s o p o o r , i n d i g e n t a n d h u m b l e b u t t h a t h e c a n ,SIB I'AVID MAXWKU.—We have to record the death, on the i:»ih ult., al tbe advanced age of eighty-seven, of Sir 1-iiv V Maxwell, at his seat. Cardoness, in the Stewarty ofXotne?.ed V c e Lieutenant of Kirkcudbright in 1864, and Hon. CViloi.fl of the Calloway Rifles 1855. H is family is a iiruiith ol the Maxwells of Cslderwood.Geddings. Prin.Connecticut 4 y e a r s . . .According to a paper published by the community, somethe North upon the institution of abaterv and the consti- of its principal tenets were community of property, a tablished—at leaM so far as Boston is concerned." Af- same terms ?war already commenced bythetennullifyingStatesoftutional rights of the South. To these "acts of had faith vtgi tarian diet, "reform"' in the marriage relations,and ter some comments on Channlng, Garrison, Parkercould not obtain their rights within the Unionthey would only have to seek them out of it. He begged the South has heretofore submitted, though consti- a general seeking after the true, with a correspondingof them, however, to meet each ether in a conciliatory tuting ample justification for abandoning a com- disregard of the artificial. Dr. J. F_ Spencer and wifespeech now lies prostrate."VOICT*—"No!No!"Dot <;I.AK—He referred to the Tremont Trniple meeting.He said—"It was invaded, insulted, captured bv a mobCAROLINA.He felt that if the Committee could not be eonv modpactwhichhad been wantonly violated. Theques- stoodatthehradoftheconcern,managingitsaffairsand tion Is now presented, whether longer submission exercising a general superintendence. Recently, says th-TheAtlanta(Ga.)Greys,Capt.A.M.Wallace,recentlytendered their services to the Governor of South Caro- and submit it to the courte. Theopinion of the Counsel lina, to assist in sustaining the rights of that Suite. The of the Corporation was that he was not bound to give a reply of Gov. Gist, which we subjoin indicates clearly bond The amended act of 1869 required onlv that adthere is no room for doubt. The Issue nniyt now be inv»stipalion. Among other things, it was ascer- of gentlemen, and thereafter broken up by order of thetained thattheDoctor's"wife''wasonlyan Mayor,whowasnotabletoprotectit.Ifithadbeen whatcourse:«oUthCarolinawilltake:—personselectedorappointedtotheofficeofCountyTT"*- surer should give a bond and three securities for the safety of the funds ui his enstcdy. except in New York,met or forever abandoned. Equality and safety, in the done by men who were maddened by rum, we should not I nwn are at an end, and it only remains to be seen " affinity," for whom he had deserted his legalwhether our manhood is equal to the task of as- spouse, und that the virtuous pair had run away from have minded it. (Confusion, as somebody said some-sertingandmaintainingindependenceoutofit. Rochester,N.Y..toescapebeingmobbed. TheDoctor thingaloudnearoneofthedoors.)Huttheleadersof The Union formed by our fathers was one of und his "affinity" got wind of what was going on, and the mob are gentlemen."EiKCmVK riEr-ARTMKCT, } CoixifhtA, S. C , Nov. 20,1800. fequality-Justice and fraternity. On the 4th of March it will be supplanted by a I'lnon of sectionalism and hatred. The onewasworthy of thesupport anddevotion of tree- men, the other can onlv continue at the eont vf your honor,yoursafetyandyourindependence. I*thereno remedy for this state of things but immediate sece*si<.i,rput king up all the goods belonging to the ooiumunitv which they could lay their bunds on, together with ail the money in the treasury, aad the titles of aU their es- tate, suddenly lett, under pretense of being absent a !'•w r'ays. Buttherunaways werepursued onhorseback, overtaken and carried back, when they were compelledCries—"Good. Good.'' "They were gentlemen."DoruLAKs proceeded to comment on lawand order and afterwards said—"These m en, though they pretended to re*pectlawandorder,theybytheiractstrampled upon thelaw—sacredastheconstitutionitself."VOICE—"Good." (Confusion.)DKARSre—HisExcellencyGovernorGisthasreceived KingscountyandAlbany MrPiattisnotelectedcar your letter of the 7th instant, tendering the services of appointed to the office "of County Treasurer, but only the Atlanta Greys to the State of r-)outh Carolina. holds that office ex-officio. by virtue of his office of Ci*/The Governor cannot too highlv commend the sndrit Chamberlain. Besides tha. the County Treasurers of that actuates and prompts tht- tender, but he is not New York. Kings and Albany counties are positIvclv ex-Mr. SMIIJB, ,opp.; of K. V ., proceeded to show that None worthy of your conservatism has been sug- to niake restitution of the stolen articles. They wereVevary instinct thought and purpose of the city of New "York ta national, patriotic and American. In the n .m e *s*suchapeople,withsucharecordashebadpresented,gested, except the recommendation of Mr. Bucbinan.of new constitotional guarantees, or rather the clear andexplicitrecognitionof.thosethatalreadyexist. Thisn<-be ventured to appeal on all sides of the House for the eonmietididion is the counsel of a patriotic statesman. It of opening letters, reading their contents, and resealinjjrunder foot."VOKT—"No!"Mr. Doi-ciiAss said the men who broke up the meetln-'*t theNorthandtheEast;tndtheWestallwneMhewellI tot d these truths are recognised there carmot be peace. •J* Preservation. An a matter of course they will spurn four hundred and eighty bales or cotton, valued St over a .Is (Mr. Sickles) aad so did the euv ef New York be- inns*'words of wisdom and patriotisin, as they have beta wo that the power to deal with this question ioee turned their back upon all the teachings of the good million of dollars, arrived in New Orleans during thirty- r»laaloneMtherepublicanparty,whohave {woSfJSSL*tb®k^^elsetheywillplaywithus Sixhours,endingatsixP.M.onthe3dinst.%Jns»aosuewedthroughtheresentstortingthepatronage k adv*ererofthefederalgovernaientaadwhocontrol Ua•lejtolatmnoftheNorthernMates. LettheseLag* tat,ires speedily beconvened, aadseeiswhatmanner iha>•arepreparedtodealwiththisqaestana. Thecause of t h • present evil* « disobsdiaoco to the obligattaaa of xht pcnatftntion.ehngiagtowhich,asanarticleoffaith....'id have peace again. If there m net eoaaeience tojlhihl compliance with the„,„)«.« fhitnfW oompjlance with the present constitutkin•itiebeexpecteditcanbepatchedupwithbetteicow* byi. ddingff, Seward and Sumner. Hedespaired i^nSJl rtSf^?w*rf»«««°>1»<««toeSouthintoafalse a^chaina^X^l106 ,nare «ftctonliy rivet their vofdwSow??^S&J"1 "^-toncetothefuturebe—— _*plauded.Dorc.iASF—MenmtiEtbeheardbecausetheyaremen. (Applause.)Somepersonshavingattemptedtointerruptthespeaker withaflippantremark,criesimmediatelywere"Puthim out," amid much confusion, a great number of persons havingstoodup.abondunlessitwasstrictlylegaltedoso. TheCHantaasstatedthathehadinvitedtheMayortobepresentattbemeetingbutbadreceivedareplyin- forminghimthathewasengaged wtth a committee of twoontheHarlembridgebusiness,andwouldtherefore be unable to attend, h a t that h e would appear before themataayfotbertimeifhewasrequired.AJiOnMuijconversationoflittlemomentnowsucceed- such as have returned feel rather gloomy, bat ed, and the committee finally adjourned, subject to thathereWapm UieNorth,ffcrt andWestaconscience that! 0we might hope for a inately, however, black«republics]I'IIu,i>VTOS—SteemsMpColumbia—HenryMtaasson,ColJ Ierare. F Kichsrds, ("H West,WMGrey, KSwattield D L*vt,TMHorsey,EEddy, Capt Morehouse,JJVaaderhey-AxoTHKK nmrrRjuxcfc Alhalfpasttwelveo'clockthespeakerceased,andagen,,eraloutbreakcommenced. AmannamedWhitewasarab-method of relief maybe found.•Astotheabilityofthe bank?tocarryalongthepaperwouldhavem,"*reverenceforaworkofthis kmd thannowmaturing,andwait the saleofproduce held,theretarnoTwsshnartm,^^„!jr*m>MV*-*•coostitu-Naval Intelligence. »TheIniudSlatessteamerSeminole,Com.GeorgeA.Prentiss,arrived at RioJaneiro on the28dofOctober fromPeinarnbuco.Arrivals and Departures. ARRIVALS.sivehouseofJesseHoyt4Co.stoppedpaymenton Thursday,andotherswerepreparingtodolikewise.The customer*of thesehousesallthroughtheWestwere advisedofthestateofahhirsthere,andmayhavegone toNewYork toseeforthemselveshowmattersstand. Of course the millers of this city and produce dealers are intheboatwiththerest. *tJWtaern Peopak-'ToSentts* tiw Hr*t undertaking, whiffigIf the appeal"of-11 to brethren or the twoPouxlfn, MrVcardman. Mr Bail, Mr Mends Mr Morris Mr«nd Mr* Arthur, Mrs Cooper, Mrs Ramos, two Miasm Bamos. IVn <;iA*-—There must be no concessions to the cnemvthreeMastersilamos. * (Applause.)(Hissed.) '' housesnowmatterswillbecomeeasier,andthatsomecall of tha Chair.PwraotroNKuaaera.—Thesinglerateef uponlettersaddressedtoanypartefNiosragaaupontan Pacificelope,viaPanama, is twentycents, prepaymentHe said he wasnot going to surprise them, or astonish them", but to calmly discuss the question under four dtstheewwd and attempted » k * t p it back.First—That it appears that these measures, conferring very ample and valuable privileges on tbe Third Avenue Railroad Company, passed both Boards on the same evening without any reference to a committee having been had, or any notice which might have enabled the owners of property thereby affected or others interested a ditlerent car, at Umisville station. Neither couple BUS bear upon them." "Fourth, the embarrassment, criti- There is nothing of unusual interest transpiring here. to lay their remonstrances against the same before your honorable body. Such hasty legislation cejfconly be Jus- tidedbyurgentpublicnecessitiesthatadmitofnodelay, butinacaselike thepresent a reasonable opportunity should, in m y judgment, always be afforded parties to present objections before tbe Common Council. The num-Theo'clock to-day.a tBatonRougeconveneda ttwelveGist ieH e declares h e will have no partAllthedelegateselectedtotheConventionappeartobe infavorofprompt secession.Sixthly—Crossing the track Of the Harlem Railroad to live, digs a grave—his own first. The sparkling wine it." He hoped no blood would be abed in New York, but Company at Seventieth street, ta represented as an in-has lined the shore of life with stranded barks and sunken ships. This is a world of glorious sunshine as well as of solemn shade. A good outburst of laughter is bettor for methanthemostsanctimonioussigh1everlistenedto.States is broken beyond mending, and I thank God for he feared it.rmgement on the vested rights of that Company, which have been sanctioned by tbe Common Council, and glight also lead to aa expensive law suit.27 The industrious man finds pleasure in quantity and qual- ity. To the constant pleasure seeker the softest cushion109.401OSTRACIZINGNORTHERN8CHOOLTEACH- While1acknowledgethegreataccommodationafford-dbecomes the hardest granite. At Newport, before the time comes for leaving, the sweetest music becomes as unpleasant as the filing of a saw." In speaking of great men he said:—-Hugh Miller was a brilliant example of what can be done against circumstances. He was a col- lege in himself. Iouis Kossuth triumphed over book.-1,subjoin a communication published in t h eCharlestohimforsomegreattreasure,morepreciousthan golden treasure or the gems of the East."KORnAL SCHOOL.Whtrr fromMr. Sawyer. Prin.Miss Bracken.... Massachusetts... 14 months .. J.200and Music Hall has a fame almost as extensive as Bostonitself. 1 rejoice to-day that there is such a place in Boston as Music Hall, and that such an array of intelligence,refinement and excellence can be found in one place inthe city of Boston as may now be found in Music Hall."Heproceeded tocommentontheexpounding ofprinci-ple.Hesaid—"Freedomofspeechisdarkandheavvhereat the present moment. The world moves slow. It moves,nevertheless, and Boston Is like the world." He said— Miss Smith. Prin. New York 17 months . "Wethoughttheprinciple offree speechhadbeenes- CouldnotSouthernersbefoundtofilltheirplacesontheDm jiMs*—"Our friends will keep perfectly quiet The take position side by side with South Carolina in the then suffered to depart. The Doctor was postmaster at law which was made lor our protection was trampled great struggle for equality, justice and freedom Seces-sion by south Carolina is now a fixed fact Very respect lullyyours a R.G1ST Aid-dc-Camp.AIKX. M. WALLATM, Captain Atlanta Grevs.moderation and devotion to duty which had always cha-racter ixed them. Oue of U»e greatest dangers of the day hithai thecountrydoesnotunderstandtheextoaiofthe peril »n which we are placed. The country Hr. Buchanan's life on this distracting question the At 1215 o'clock a disturbance occurred, in consequencehas been tilled with delusions which even sow record of a j.ure heart and wise head. It isthe Amui:orHOXOR—Messrs Wgene CuvellierandL.A. ofsomeonehavingshade an irreverent remark. Cries thatthebadnessmenofNewYork have seen inmanv SupervisorPCJBTthought thisafurtherillustrationoft that disunion can be pr*ve»ted bv force; thaithe I a** can by revobatioo behreught'to the verge «f . 4lestruotioo,yetatthetostthatthestrongarmafpower . *anstaythework, tm the call forforce,comewhenceitalay,nomanwouldpassthefrontierefthecityof „ .Nea York to wage war against a State which, through its waaaiitmed authority, should, for its rigbta, interests and honor, seek safety in a separate existence. The Union a a be made perpetual by justice, bat aot by Cores, and at these truths were engraved on the hearts of the peoplethe imperfect legislation to which t h e e i t r t o sebjected. He considered that the lawdid require the bond,and that the Supervisors would not have discharged their dutytilltheyhadmadeoutacasebeforethecourtsand employanother counsel besides Mr.Bronsontoconduct it.asbebatgivenanopinionadversetotheoneenter-VOICE—"Good."DOCGIA»—•• And elsewhere." He referred to the press wheat and corn is unprecedentedly large. There is no gave an opinion that Mr Piatt was required to give*;senseofthegreatwrongandinjusticethathasbeendone to tue minority section, mingled with an ardent hope and desiretopreservethatI'montowhich hehasdevoted theenergiesofalongandpatrioticlife. Thedifficulty is thattherewillbo noree|tonsetoitfromthosedayafternoon.atHopkins plantation. Theweaponsused were sharpened foils, and at the first pass Mr. Cuvellier receivedaslightwoundintheleftbreast,whilebisown weaponpassedthrough the shirtofMr.Ravmand. The affairwasherestoppedbytheseconds,who"arrangedanindividual Ceased hisremarks,orderwassoonrestored, and some excited individuals ceased giving a door an "irreverentbang."Doi(.LASS—"WotludtheSouthundertakingtosavwhat shallorshallnotbespokeninBoston——"have on hand more pnduce than they canhold,andcarry along those who have consigned to them. Thepapermadeforthisimmenseamount ofproduceisnowmaturingveryfast,andcannot be met. Themarketisdull,andtoforcesalesofflour,wb/wtandcorn,willbeto sacrifice it and ruin the owners. There in not a tained by tbe committee.large stock of flour in New York, but the amount of Counsel stated stat If any honest lawyer in the cityHiumoDv Springs, and among the develop.menis al ludedt.iwa.-thediscoverythathehadbeeniathehabitTheCVtnuiAHstated thatthecommitteewere unani- mously of the optnion that the best way to decide this matter would be bring it before the court*. The only cours* be saw open for the committee was to report ihe factsastheypresentedthemselvestotheBoardofSigxr-were accomplished gentlemen in broadcloth, but they and at thesame time a devotion to the constitutionami of letters by mail, andwhat they would contain. Won were none theless rowdies.•exhibits an appreciation of the evils tliat are upon us thorn with paste, being thus able to foretell the arrivalitssacredgnarantees. Itconformstotherecordof derlulmysteryofspiritualpower! AIHSTI'tUU.XCE.present themselves. One of these delusions is languageofamanwhoseheartisoverwhelmedwitha Ra>mondhadahostilemeetirgatfouro'clockonSatur- immediatelyaroseto"puthimout." Astheobnoxious years. Theheavycommissionhousesfindthatthevwho alone have it in their power to aot.— explanation and reconciliation between the parties. Both VOTCX—"Can't."Black Republicanism is the ruling sentiment at the of the gentlemen conducted themselves wtth perfect cool- North, and by the election of Lincoln has pronounced in ness and bravery—JV«c Orkatu Bee, Dec. 3.the most formal and solemn manner against the principleswhicharenowcommended tothecountryforitssafetyand pen. and suid th( v should never be dumb. (Ap-more, however, than will be wanted in the next tew monthsathomeandabroad,andifhelditmaybesoldat fair prices and save owners.bead, he would give it without bringing tbe case into court.SupervisorPmrrthoughtItmightbedifficultfortbd Supervisors to find such a personage, (laughter.)RETTJJTSO>CorroxixNswORIJWXS—TwentythousandAlthoughtheconfusiondidnotcease,Mr.Douglasscon- KINGSTON, JA—Steamship Zulu—Mr McDowell, Mrsad Mrs tinued his remarks.TUey have been down,as have ourbank men,aadrequired,beingin full to destination, except the local forthatofthei>«roiefathersoftherepwbllc.Whydoesburiedbrotherhoodmtbesamegravewiththed.u,ATinmjKu.TMIash,WCanfleld,HFKaapn.twobedholdofbyadetectivepoliceofficerandoneoftheFra isadiversityofopinion.Howeverthatmaybe,itap-rostage.Tbesinglerateofpostage(UnitedSatesand(not the presidet. elect speak t If Mr. Lincoln would rooatiMtion. We are no longer brethren dwelling to Misfes fvrrv W Nea!, H Neai, Prof Ranuf, J T Ayer E S urn iiy s members and unceremoniously jerked out intogive notice to all applicant* loroffice that be will not getber in unity. The rnfing spirits of the North are aik, W I'Clark, C H Creswell and lady, MlssJ^Uleaeon theentry Theact,ofcourse,occasionedgreat excitement.Miss C Carroll, W F McKenzle, and 24 in the steerage,Thomas M. Tryniski 309 South 4th Street Fulton New York 13069>ome people Blood upon the seats, others rushed for thepears to be clearly the dictate otVpohcy for the con- British) upon letters addressed to Sen Juan del Norte, or signees to stop now, if they would save their customers I other places on the Gulf coast of Nicaragua, is thirty"from ruin.Untitled Documentplauee.)Voter—"Never."Dcronss^-Br the answer, no. (Confusion.)vHere Douglass made some remarks about the right of found it necessary to suspend rather than to sacrifice attend to abrogate the warm feeling now entertained by might hereafter be used to justify further invasions ofMassachusetts. ..17 months..$2,800Miss UffamMr. Fielden, Prin.. .Rhode Island... .17 monthsMassachusetts.. .4 weeks.. FRIE.VD STREET 1CBIJC STHOOL.Massachusetts...2months MORKM STEKET PCBLIC SCHOOLaothorizedtoacc.pttheservicesofvolunteersfrombe- yondthelimitsoftheMat*. Herequestsmetosavihat he has high hope that your own Empire State will" soonceptedfromthoserequiredtogiveabond. Mr.Piattdid not feel boundtogive abond.and.therefore,declined doing so unless the courts decided against him.While Mr. Whiting was representing these points a quo- rum of the committee was announced to be present.SUSPENSION OF COMMISSIONHOUSES.[aronitheRochesterInionofDec.81The wet % closing today has been the most anxious visors. •In this view of thecase the commission houses haveSupervisor ELY was very glad the committee had come assertingwhatonethinksproper,andwasloudlyap- oncetheircustomers.Ittaunderstoodthattheexten- totheconclusiontheydid.Hewasopposedtoreceivingexpress a hope that by the suspension of the commission www.fultonhistory.comI four cents, a s heretofore, prepayment required.j 