 *'lAdv^rtiaementsfor T H S WEEKL Y y^eek most bo handed in to-day.TKIIUVK Tor thiswithdraw his proposition rather than t o have i tprove a failure. Finally, after a debate of which the other, was mainly owing t o a mistaken impression which!the most solid result derived from it. On thewhole, we have abundant reasons t o be satisfied short, the above "^paragraph, i n which there are people w h o insist that some sort o f attentionI :»»:Every one who thinks o f buying says, " I will thought of being proud of his having been a Tory in the Revolu- no reason t o suppose that any other intervention tion, as of his being an Abolitionist." hold off a few days and let i t fall as low a s i t on behalf of the deposed King o f Naples :is i n - In-conclusion, allow me to say to you, as the professed cham- pion of"universal freedom"—could you conlront the "poor"will;" and so there are few earnest buyers until tended, this act. appearing to b e only a-formal Blave," whose hopes of emancipation have been postponed^ far into tho vista o f futurity b y yoiir bitter .denunciations o f hisa l l thati tgravelyutteredyesterday—*rfemand for i t save a limited' one a t low rates. patentedMay18,I860.) Ekepricehadtofall—therewasabsolutely.nothey buy i n their turn. On the whole, i t seems to u s that, if we must have a politician's panic," S w e e t " so misrepresented i t (while it was still in hie private pocket, unknown to me and with-subserved by Independence. With such incentives to secesslosv superadded to the prime cans© which i% furnished by the ©lectio* of "Old Abe," it la difficult to imagine how it can bo avoided.1*' (Licensed.)COLD AND SIL VER,Wilmington, Del.•/«tea$y>^Consols92J'S'93formoneyandaccount. but-decentlymanaged,thisfact.aloneshould betweenthelatterpoworand-:Austria. Itcanf.>. •-*"»;-i secure a steady appreciation in the value.of all scarcely „be doubted that, were Austria assured, But I did not dwell on the naked fact that Mr. community., But, above all, lt\' Mr. Lincoln tome fontmrd-bl m1 aa•TOaaa i ii- j ;proceeds, but has the crop i t - I n view of its prospective boltSo 1 carried my principles with mc unchanged, such jprinciplesas were once the jzlory of New-England, now alas I departed- but I shall not insist upon it in their instance i f i t lose me theirjBjwtea* Notices.^l^^l0«0^w%rfW»»»*i^^W^**M**^OW>2.3ZM$XSE STOGK •"of..Wl.VTKRCiOTHtNO,vC<firing on the . KoyaUsH near. Gaeta. Victor bt;tnO; mpre great,'fcninl; lines are t o b e coh- occur which, had he been consulted, or, could ;ho jno-phrty literary weekly I waa &en editing and •ofiflict .doctrines of \V~13i«in H . Sevard. The <;ti«U U DM*•'.' tbem.anV•;'# lt<ontinues much longer, they vrih'*nekS>er »«•.etnicted,; the acres•of prairie under cultivation have prevented it, never would have happenod. publishing. If^thero isany.Vparty capital to be paid for wlik't have sold at the South, noreven eft** , , , - It is greatly to-be wished that no serious mis- made out of the fact that I was not a .Republi- more sales to v',<5 dwellers beyond- Mason and Dhton'« Hn£,••<*•A*-ExTMoettTLowPxioxs.DKVUS, UCD30V t Co.,tional case, he is notin trouble, but his credit-• '•slave property, slave property ought t o be taxed. prevail in my adopted home, and I aided the circulation not onlyof the literary AVw- Yorker, but of the political TRIBUNE, when it bore aloft the good old banner of the Whig party. I even clung to it as a friend and bore with its prolific brood of pestilentCORRESPONDENTS.10 .pay the expense of it.Another member thought that four hundred isms until they culminated in a sort o f hermaphrodite abolition-- though I struggled officiously to make myself known as. their de- lina, we warn her people that they will aot, i n fender? Enlighten me." .WEDNESDA Y , NOVEMBER 14, 1860.•No notice can be taken of Anonymous Communications. What- ever is intended for insertion must be authenticated by the name and address of the writer—not necessarily for publica- tion, but as a guaranty for bis good faith.that respect a t least, i n defiance o f t h e public,Business letters should m all cases b e addressed to THENBW- i ._ Yoxx TKWVXB.W» ceonot undertake to return rejected Communications."direct trade" with Europe—that is,• ^he'Ponj Express, with California dates o f theraising iiiGlicy, both tho amount and the method, auite likely t o very much weuken that impression, i f not. t o dissipate i t altogether, b y showing that a t a time whenWe learn that a mob has already set fire to THH TKIBPRR office, New-York, aud likewise to the Astor House, which ha«' -f -%Xof hasbeenm^e*£"^^ dreadfuloutragesbyIfidenceintb^ircustomersandpreventstheir IftheSouthCaroliniansreallyintendtose- alone,"and"trynottooffendthem,"andeventotake,prehensionsasareembodiedinTheElmiraGa- schemesforthedestructionofSlaveryhavebeenconcoctedbyMexican Indians, thieves ,murderer*.„ !•, iwnnd— * y 'ono-thirdlessfromaSouthernslaveholderthanyouselling those customers more goods •on credit. cede and set up for themselves, they must learn would charge a Northern freeman, rather than "lose their good will." Yea. the "good will" of the bar-We, shall all feel this during the Winter close to get Over this hesitancy and squeamislmess in barous" slaveholders, whom your Helper says " are not fit to live"—while, now that you find an opposite course upon'.- us; shall wo not also comprehend a n d the matter of. taxes and money. What is a mil- gives your,paper an iimncuBe circulation at the North, and putszette's paragraph? Suppose M r . Sweet h a d frankly said, " I c a n prove to-you,, by readingSeward, Weed, Hale, and Greeley. And It has|been through tho columns of T H B TRIBTTNB and H.erald that the poison has boen disseminated broadcast over the land. It is nothing but justice"**£??!^$mw p^^^m^^mm^^:iliii|ili||^• msi% m^*v • ,---wv^,-: •*ssTOS^-<-jw_i -Mil-Mi'JWS'BWK'.EniantieldispatchPrussia, and -Austria—Agreed to '.'decline"any annum, 'so that, five years hence, the Travel a s proposition for the assembling o f a Congress on well as Traffic o f the great lines, must be" fiftyhad crossedsays that t h e throe powers—Eussia,the* darigliano.A Berlin;must be increased by atleast ten per cent, per* can nearly tweinty years before there was a Re-' ThHrown interests, the interests of the vraon) country, ar». fai.*.understanding m a y arise between France a n dSardinia, since a n y such occurrence would publican party—before the wrongs which called at stake; a, cotmnen''-ial- panic has commenced, and t t i» tbwJi* ) v jboundon duty to comft forward and remove the apprehension* » tbo ijfeliah' question. .BreadstufFs quiet,. but per cent, higher i n t h e averago than now. I f almost certainly load t o the renewal o f the war that party into existence had been perpetrated—- the Southern Slates, if tuey really do not concur in tfie doe'rhwMr. Johnson i s certainly welcome t o i t . of the ultra wing of their jOrty. Let them take this ,tep' arut theywillbeindorsedandapplaudedby«HgoodiaM&*£MAGNB. •••..-•Special Dispatch tTHE The Presid proclamation < becaxwe JCotigiihgofthe»Se opinions will He avows him whole schema, the Union, the his intention u means,andwit denouncedb>THE MOV]There U no Carolina has a includes m a r y against precipii to-day from &in the State, nthe sentiment 1not be-resist'dit, and foresee.W*!i*veconcludedtoofferoarlsrgeandcomplexstock«f ofthem,errorsexcepted.ThenthecountrywasoftheneutralityofFranco,shewouldatonceJohnsonhadmadepublicthecontentsofmyoldforeitistoolateandmakesuchAdeclarationofMsviews«O l X A T RX D OCT t OX ! fW^-rXR ClOTVVSft a»d KrKSISHwe Oooo* for Men »nd Boy*, mia01UBAXRju>trcnoxurrstow,preparatorytoreutovsl.An individual deeply i u debt, urgently.dunned, never so full o f Grain and everything eatable a syetwithoutthewherewithaltopay,ismlaitnowis,whileprices,;owingtodeficienthar-makeanefforttocrushthenewItaliankingdom.privateletterwithintenttodomoinjury.ThooughttotnnqiillfasetheexcitementattheSouth,and^MI*L rapid progress of secession. Let him do this, ,nnd mtrr^Jj.delicacyandgentlemanlycharacterofthatper- theNorthwillindorsehim. ' TTWy'^,r•*• formanceIhavenotsupposedtorequireeluci- .FromTheNew-YorkHerald(corresp.)offfo*i-W* •*• dttenniMd to olos© out tho rat ire Stock lu the presentTHE CHINESE WAR.rather uncomfortable predicament, unless he does vests in Western Europe, are very fair, and we" «>«•<].>rf**Iwhatitmay.Thispresent*aOXKATonrOR-nwuTTnot.careforhispecuniaryreputation,andisablethink—owingtotheprospectofagreatEuro-TheTakuforts,atthemouthofthePeiho,dation.WhatIdidurgewassubstontiallythis— OUKKICHMON'BCORHKSroXDJCSCZ,"'to^ovld©completeoutfitsfromtheLAKOKSTSTOCKofMfcx's •ad Itet^CtorwsfOand Fc»3n»«»t» Goow in the cily.tosethiscreditorsatdefiance. Inthisexcep-pean^War—quiteaslikelytoadvanceasrecedeSupposeMr.Johnsonwere intentondoinga mean" thing, i n the hope of making party capital,»., - . &tOHMfti(D.Nor.JO/»)?«the poorer classes of the State. He suggested i tvalue of which i t owes (as usual) t o the jobbers as a principle to be kept in jsight through t h e "to us perfectly unaccountable."The South i s about finishing i t s harvest, t h e of this and other seaboard cities. I t has eatenyon say, "How. he can have lent himself to this poor business, i spose, even though 1 were to deny it, to entreat your good offices In retaining our list of subscribers at your place; but secondarily. in regard to matters in general. Will you inform me what suc- cess 1 would b e likely to have were I to send a special agent through the State o f Mississippi ?/ Could he get subscribers! or are you so much poorer now than you will be next season that It will be advisable to wait till thon? Will the people o f your town object to tho rise of price ? I assure you i t was necessary,and drank up theself still on hand.from the Union, it holds on to th e crop, pro- posing t o sell i t for cash o r other ready pay, and let its heavy debt to our jobbers stand over to sonqe convenient season. Meantime, i t draws a l l its balances i n specie. from our banks, and i swhole progress o f this affair, that the propertywhich i t was proposed especially to defend shouldbe made to bear the burden o f its own protec-tion; i n other words, that, since this secessionbusiness was gone into for t h e special benefit ofthe impression that the reopening of that tradeis one o f the first measures, in the secession pro-gramme. As yet, however, n o positive declara-tions on this subject have been put forth; but i fthe slave-trade i s t o b e renewed by South Caro-ready forfor sending its- products to somebody, anybody,else than those t o whom i t owes them. that smart.W e callThe AtlantaOf course,o u r Citymust feelthis—not h e rhad got abroad that you were an honest politiqian (though as a we have no detailed report, the whole subject of Philosopher erratic and visionury, and full of kinky notions), and having in my possession evidence which I thought would b ebanks only> but h e r merchants and manufac-turers. T h e failure t o pay not only deprivesWas this honest7 Was it fair tothe man intochaosandirretrievableruin.thousand dollars, might do for the present; whenthe mover o f the resolution,- chagrined a t t h ebackwardness of his fellow-members, preferred toism in which It looks as if the Philosopher had at last found the long-sought stone to turn his brass into gold.Impelled to tho belief within the last few years that you were now bestriding the hydra of Abolition for selfish purposes, and that your influence, BOall potent for evil with the honest, well- meaning masses of that miserable sectional Blaok Republican. conglomeration which ignores one half of tho Union and falsifies—Here we have Mr. Sweet's unguarded testi- mony that, i n reading t o his audience from my private letter i n question, h e suppressed the date,, which reads explicitly thus:" NKW-YOKKBR OFFICR, > " NBW-YOBK, Dec. 24,1837. Jopiniono f thewholecivilizedworld.themofmoneythattheyconfidentlyejectedwasreferredtotheCommitteeofWaysand AbolitiondidnotpayaswellattheNorthasnow,youwere writer'sprejudice?TVasitdealingjustlybythe-•o j j ^ ' . , has arrived. I t appears that all parties^^^j'CaliforniatoLincoln. LowerCalifornia andsorelyneed;itnectarydestroystheircon- Means. holders,whomyouh6WsofGlce'yuenOUiice,to"letAbolition theNorth. IthasbeenintheAstorHousethatthevariousThe Govfimor oi*Mississippi ha» issued a proc* pro.6* by it? Shall itnot teach.us to restrict lion'of dollars in the way of warlike and de- moneyinyourpurse,and best subserves your political aspira-" not, twenty-three years ago, when editingThe '<• New-YorIcerf a literary weekly, regard and op- " pose Slavery as he does in T H E TRIBUNE indens in ruins.| lamation convening the Legislature o f that State our citQM*to m o n tions, it becomes a labor of love for yon to stir up this hell-broth ° f known solvency and in- fensive operations ? . A mere drop i n the buck- of Abolition; to spatter its poisonous exhalations broadcast overto"make provision formoresureprotectionto tegrity,wi>:» donot wanttopaytentofifteen * "the.South." TheSouth CarolinaLegislature percent. mort>'in consideration ofhavingeight adjourned yesterday morning without anything of to fifteen months dreujt? Why should those whointerest transpiring. Mr. Keitt has made a vi- sell their products for cash down buy everything penses of South Carolina as a State merely ofolent accession speech a t Columbia, S . C j they need on such long, loose credit ? Can the the Union; but South Carolina a s an independ-the land -, to grind out edition after edition of tho infamous Help- et,astheymaylearn byconsultingthe records erImpendingCrisis—whichcontainsmoreoftheunadulterateds> ' systembe of real benefit to anybody?And entnation, under herlone-star, palmetto flag, WewouldurgeuponeveryPresidentialElec-thoughburnedchildrenneverdoavoidthefire,andwithherarmy,her.navy,herfortifications,ofyourchampionship,undthusspikethobiggestgunofthe"inaticallyrefrainedfrompartisancontroversy?" Lincolnoverallothers............9vr>i*4.Black Republicuus; and with this view, and to effect such a re- Your servant, A. A. SOULR'tor the duty o f reaching the capital o f hi« State however they, may transiently dread it, may we her; minute men, a n d h e r volunteers, t o s a y sult, I permitted your letter to bb made public. How far I have Only by suppression a n d distortion, i n addition VUin, Southern Illinois'' succeeded, time will show; hut, if I have drawn yourfireand"£at least one day prior t o that whereon the vote not. hope that the lessons we are n o w taking nothing o f her foreign Embassadors a n d other adminiutered an antidote, .to your Helperism, I shall be content to Mr. Ben. Johnson's betrayal o f confidence, —Believing that a n increased circulation o f to bear a cart-load of such epithets as " base," " malignant apos-torPresidentandVice-Presidentistobecast—willdosomethingtowardapermanentreformofhighpublicfunctionaries,willfindamillionof tate,"kcApostate,indeed!Whoistheapostate?Theman was"theHon.E.S.Sweet"enabledtomakeTHETRIBUNEinvariablyresults-inaninereasedwhich we believe is the first Wednesday in De- cember. Delays are dangerous—in this case, pe-our pestilent no-system of Mercantile Credits ?dollars but a small item i n the way o f her ex- who now trails in the dust the glorious flag o f the Union under this revelation even seem t o b e of moment. which he once fought, and bears aloft in its stead the Black Flagassemble nor ballot till t h e day after that ap- stop a t that point rather than run down to sixty pointed. The vote ofthe State for Fremont and or fifty. Panics are self-aggravating—the nakedN A P O I L E O N Annr> ITAX/X:..'':"'.•of Ga3ta, waa to facilitate the escape of the King <rf" Naples, and prevent complications were h ewill nevortlielesft be paid, so that hona fide hold- Naples a r e not very agreeable to the Emperor. thing to be proud of, was my 'inference from theers will lose nothing, and they will b e above Favorable a s h e might seem t o b e t o Italian manner a n d drift o f his conversation. I feelsuspected of being merely desirous to soli their wares, or to Wpaid for wares already sold, and the force of their protestations,therefore, would be without effect In this dilemma TMK TK»I*« counsel were present, and not until after the- adjourn-need »nil »u%»en3e<i .'t<'«*TX. £,uuii Adt/firaJ, had comm.-r,».T! *B<'icr.brr'i'y oert.nrj 'tyfifr.. wfoje fewhesion to the priutfple*. of Helper's bwoi.. -Mid t^'tie irr.«pro»siblerc*idence\ !. : > -W e do not know how much further the.pres- ent " P a n i c " may go—probably quite a stretch.penditures.Then, again, -it/is a pretty delicate question, in his memorable Farewell Address ? Tho man who once " let"culiariy s o . I n Wisconsin, four years ago, atierce snow-storm overspread t h e State the day When property that everybody knows to be worth that o f taxing the people who own no slaves f o r alone for Southern safety, or the peuce and harmony of the wholehis own position; and as to. "the Hon* E . S. readers where it is now taken. " Sweet," you see o f course that he.is a villain;££</.^before that prescribed f o r the"meeting o f the a dollar i s hurled o n the market a n d sold f o r the special benefit o f those who do. Electoral Colleges, so that the Electors did not seventy-five cents, we know noreason why it shouldcountry ? or the man who always eschewed it as he does the poi- son of a mad dog?—who always-stood where Clay stood, aud would now rather vote for him dead than for any Helper Re- publican alive tbut i s he not a despicable villain'!H. G .— Thc$(. Ctcrir (mch.) Chief, a Dctnocrairc paper, bus the following cheerful word for the worthy O. P . F. at Washington:" Enough returns have been received to warrant u»What principle is there in thiM "cnoHtacy" oiyoars, but the almightydollar?thefiveloavosunathefishesifandwhocan The refusal of the French Emperor to allow doubtitsuchaneditorhadbeenwnrtned intolife iu the sunny South by the patronage of slaveholders, that his would now have Dayton w a s consequently objected t o i n Con- fact that a security o r other valuable i s sold far^ the Sardinian fleet t o bombard Gaeta, i s , w e been one of tho oxtremest Pru-Slavery organs o f the Insatiategre** on the day fixed by law for opening the below its known worth tends to sink it still suppose, but a now instance of the same policyreturns and prodaiming officially the result; and lower. Who wants to buy what was . worth which prompted the recall of the. French Em-fire-euting Disunionists ?As to your assertion, " We recollect very distinctly his inform-ing us, as though it were something he was proud of, that his own father lived and died an ' Abolitionist,'*! have to nay m ythis horribly radical, revolutionary, abolition, in sayinflr that Abraham Lincoln has been chosen, by the people, President o f the Unilcd States f o r four Helperiteeraha8atlastreachedTheHeraldyearsfromthe4thofMarchnext,andweheartilyit evidently would n o t have been received and seventy last week, sixty yesterday, fifty-five t o - bassador from Turin whon t h e Sardinian troops father never lived nor ever died, an Abolitionist.' I could'nottherefore, have been very proud of his'being one. Besides, there counted without a afcruggle had anything depend- day, and is likely t o sink t o fifty to-morrow? were Bent into the Papal. Territories. There is has been no time in my life iu which.I would not as soon haveoffice. Hitherto, the good old conservafjive rule of that journal has.been t o contradict .and refuterejoice that h e has been, since the Democratic party throughout the Union have acted so like fools. Presi- dent Buchanan will be held responsible for oar defeat. His conduct throughout tho whole campaign has been disgraceful and inlamous; and h e will retire from of- fice with more curses upon his head than. John Tyler or Franklin Pierce ovor received. W e hope he will not only be politically, but eternally dawned."ed upon it. L e t there b e n o mistake and. n o chance for cavil this time.to-daysometimes stretching the point so f a r a s t o allowa week t o intervene between i t s positive asser-tions that the country was going ty the dogs andits demonstrations that everything was going onaewellascould bedesired. "The madnessof H,appeared atthepolls-onTuesday,andcasttheRe-,The steamer Canada, with Euro|>ea)i intelli- it i s generally believed that valocs .have touched washing o f the Emperor's hands a s t o any com. master, ho would clunk his chains in your face' aud suy—thou didutit!gence o f the 4th inst.r-four days later than the bottom. '•**•'•'•; plicity in the joint operations of Victor Emanuel I 'do not foel " malignant" toward you—I d o not wish', you harm—butIdo.wishtoseeyoulive tosee.tho error ofyouradvice* o f the UTorth American—arrived a t Hali- W e do not seek t o arrest this downward ten- and Garibaldi for annexing Naples' to the Sardin- ways, end do works meet for. repentance by " lotting Abolition alone"—cultivating tho "good will" of your quondam Southern , fax yesterday afternoon. Lord John Russell, dency, for we do not know that the proper zero ian Kingdom, o r rather for consolidating Naples patrons, us in days of yore, and " not offending them ulsewiae."-—The venerable Daniel Fernald of Pt>rtamouth, N.. Respectfully yonrs, BEN JOHNSON.the people of Italy; I t is believed that th eobjectofFrance,inpreventingthebombardment oseventy-fiveforaught wecare: theinterest Itmaywell besupposed that theevents.of an Abolitionist—thathe regardedthatassome-" t h e h o u r " has so infected" it, however, that i t publican vote. He is the oldeet man hx that city—bo/^ now,prints t h e bane a n d antidote o n opposite doing, on a century, and said when he cast hia ball.ot,in his dispatch t o the British Minister a t Turin, has yet been reached. L e t matters take their and Sardinia into one kingdom. The land attack*ay» her Majesty's Government cannot blame theKing o f Sardinia for going t o the assistance o fcourse; and if stock-gamblers get a bite from the against Gaeta will still go on, and that fortresstiger they insist, o n fighting, that is among the does not appear t o have the means.-of .resisting for rago. I can only repeat that Mr. Johnson did chances o f the game. Lf. S. Fives may go down any lengthened period. tell me, years ago, that his lather lived and died•—With reference to the report of the Rynder** ease i.iven on another page, Mr, Tappan desires rjito aaycaptured. T h e Neapolitan accounts o f t h e par again in good time. So o f the great Rail- unity and independence when he was" looked u p very sure that my memory i s not a t fault with*ay that CialcjiDi w a s defeated, with a loss of bankrupt through mismanagement o r fraud foraught we know, and we advise no man to buy pendence, accomplished without, his assistance, "Brown raids," " hell-broth of Abolitionj" &c," the late Democratic aud Fusion parties" should issue u mani- festo yonching for tho sound, constitutional views of the Repub- lican party, and declaring that *4 there is not the slightetit reaaou " for supposing that it iutends to interfere with any of the rights " of the State*," If TKK TRIROHB ia>f opinion that the word of the Republican merchants of New-York is unworthy of credit we have »o objecUon to the loaders oi". tho Democracy and the Fusionpartiesindorsing thorn, provided they willfin.tdeola/© their views. But it would bo unreasonable to auk any one to. say—Mr. John Anderson desires us to. fctate tha't the ru- mor connecting his name with the Street Commission' ©whip is erroneous*. He says he. i s not HU applicant*£* 2,000 kiBed and wounded a n d fire gu«». T h eeflkaW d u t c h e s from Turin pronounce these into any o f them. But the past year's experi-It^sJfeBM'at.TurHi that Persano, the Sur- dond», the Maine roust rest onthe maur hn» i"'i* **'«'u obliged.!oullow;manythings,to thetopicWJIHnot•discussedinthenon-polemical, shouldcomeoutwithadenial,andproclaimtheircontinuedad-itagertiorig utterly false. Capua was attacked on- thus lat in«t., and capitulated the next day. T h e'1 eveaj C4sjuac4 &eat rejoicing inNaples. It was line* connecting th e West, with the 3Bft«|i sofor that or any other ofiice, norwould he accept one if -ence renders morally certain a steady and pretty rapid increase in t h e business o f all the greathim in quite a different light.. Having, however sustained a s ngainst Austria tho right of Italy t oMr. Johnson makes a very''long story of whatmight b e a very short one. Ho had a privateand in disregard of h is policy, must appear to to answer itself..'.,'...'of an exclusively Northern, sectional party, against which theRepublican vote, w e invito a l l Republicans t oI have perhaps given t o o much importance t othis brace o f patriots. M r . Johnson h a s fixed circulate, and i n increasing t h e uumfeer of, it*that he did the pame thing twice for President Wiiuh- iugton. .-. •.••,TMK TKIBTJNR, responding t o our cull upon' the Republic***merchants of New-York to. hold a public meeting explanatory of.their real sentiment*, and their objects.and views in voting forLincoln,, undertakes to\*ay on behalf of the»e gentlemeu, that hat he was not denied admittance to the private offlco such a meeting would have no effect, as the merchants would bocf the Marshal, and that tho addretje of the ^ a r e h a l t o tho Judge was not made while Mr. Ta'ppan o r hiaroad*. Any o n e o f them may b e a t this hour to b y t h e Italians a s their, destined deliverer regard to.the essential fact. A n d there I leavebattleattheGariglianoclaimavi.-tory,and fromAustrianoppression,thatunityandinde-allhistrashabout"jsectionulparty,""JohnUNRsuggeststhat"theprominentstatesmeuandpolitlclausof mentoftheCourt.be free from foreign, intervention and dictation, letter of mine written many years ago, wherein Iit was tendered to hiuu<1v x y ^ i d r t Cacta would soon b e attacked. bilit) o f himself intervening a n d dictating, and to Slavery o r Abolition, but stated the fact that sonmchforthemtUltbeysayHtfirst for themselves, lest theythat, ' if they should ihil to. make divi- he has'effectually cut' himself off" from the possi- propose nothing, promised nothing, with regard—Mayor Wood has purchnsed the house in Fir>* avenue, corner of Tvjeiity-e'gHtn street, for hi* privatenotwithstandingthelaborandexpensewhichthe Chinese had bestowed upon them, proved unableThe secession movement is going forward with I s f f i S S t popularmindof theSouthh, firod npU> ^ f ^ ^ ^••.••' "There is no call upon us for specie to go•>.'. ,. rNot251,230and260 Broadway. if he had tried t o pay, call the resulting perplex- to come; a n d meantime California sends English, army. J o t t h e lpss o f four hundred Mexico were never hailed with more e n t h t n i a s m t h l ^ ^ 'orsare.Theymay,iftheychoose,ashemight abroad,andprobablywillnotbeformonths toresisttheattackofthealliedFrenchand whyshouldhedoitinthemeanestpossiblewayf;andthepreliroioariesarebeingratddlTarr»n.^./'„ ^itya"panic." Thetermisratherloose,butit us $3,000,000-permonth, aud theRocky meninflictedupontheAlliesshowsthattheles- "letterofyours;bywhichI thinkIcanprove nearprospectofthisconsummationbythousands,cvonithanswers.-' Mountainsarebeginningtoyieldanappre- sonsintheartofwargiventotheChineseby" y o u a hypocrite and a rascal, t o the detriment Old Dominion. a tho Considerationsofmaterialinterestnolessthanth«impnu^,In1857,wehadageneral"panic."Europeciablesum. WehavegrownOneHundredtheirEuropeaninvadershavenotbeenthrown"oftheRepublicanparty;haveTyourpermis-ofpatriotismhavetheiragencyinproducingthisstate1offe«iia.THUS$*FAR A N D S O FUR-THEB." — VisitSLsox'e,7ladiestifyoijwnattopurchaseanelegant«otofFCKHa: had been at war, with short cr^sV audhad Millions*worth more in 1860 than in any pre- away. After the capture of these forts. the" sion to make it public?"—does he doubt that Discussions of the relative advantages to the Sooth of union orthe teste price yon would be compelled t o pay for an luferio. vious year: o u r Exports a r e large, while o u r allies occupied the City o f Tion-Tsin, which i s I would have promptly answered, " Print i t fully one elsewhere. He i* now displaying a most attractive variety bought our Food freely a t high prices; s h e w a sof these rich and comfortable articles of ladles' costume; and now a t peace, with a prospect o f ample harvests,. Imports are n o t excessively so, and we have a about sixty miles from Pekiu. I t i s said thatK.VOX, M everybody knows, always *ell» cheap. Hi* store i« at tie,ItBroadway,cornerof.Kulton-st.GROVER & BAKER'S CELEBRATEDv K b n x u c M FAXILT SXWISO-MACMIXK-I.No. 496 Broadway, New-York.very, fair allowance o f Specie, not only i n our the Irnperiol Government has signified a readi- and that atlow prices. We had been importing banks but in the hands of the people. The Chiv- ness to treat, and that the French and English. No. 182 Fulton-«t., Brooklyn.duced our Tariff s o a s t o open still wider theQrain ripened and was harvested, but there was no their staples, they must p a y coin for whatever glish has already reached the sum o f fifty millions' ' - • - i n " ' - - . - - - - _ . . . - . .-«., DERBY'S COMBINATION BANK LOCK.of dollars, and t o t h e French a third or a half asmuch.Thewholepointindisputeistheheldfrommyfriends)thatTheElmiraGazetteAnditcannot.Alltheconciliatorylettersthat"OldAh*andofcoursewouldtakebutlittlegrainofus,freely and. living fast for years, and had just re- alry's game of drawing balances from;us yet with- Embassadors are t o proceed t o Pekin under a n friends, perhaps i n quest o f some one who would abiding a s the most reliable mathematical estimates and t h eholding payment of our honest dues, is one soon $4TOWERCLOCKS,REGULATORS,,ANT>OFFICE floodgatesofimportation. OurnewSummerplayed,out;andiftheyexact^frinfromusfor%CUM}K4— the most accurate timekeepers In the world.JOr*. ••••". Sriuutxfc Co., No. 487 Broadway.: be base enough to volunteer to make the use Of it he desired; a t last, he gave i t t o his father-in-soundest logical deductions could make them. In short, so ar- dent has the secession feeling become, that every interest-no matter \i& Thestrongest,simplest,andmostdurableLOCKintheworld,alternative—andfarmerswhohadconfidentlyex-itcouldnotcomeatabettertimethantheresidenceofFrenchandEnglishEmbassadorsat couldwriteforamonthwouldbeofnoavailinstayingthe now.ThemoItcanbethoroughlyandsatisfactorilyexplained'toanyonein wasmisledintothefollowinggrosslyfalseac-progressofthismovement.TheSouthmadehiselectionth*hftren minute*. A. S. iUavis it Co., Sole Manniaotnrers,' Snccessora to STBAKX* &. MAKVIV,pected t o pay. their heavy store-bills with Wheat present. s, . . "•"• [ '• '. '" > at $1£ t 0 $ l | p e r bushel were obliged t o takePekin. I n the presence o f t h e allied forces the Imperial Government may concede, as it has donecount of it: *Issue of disunion. His policy after entering -upon the duties of hi*excitement is States which least.twoire o i ready a strong on being repr*South, espec.al tucky, Tennesi brunt o f t h e from the Und* Una, Alabama, ten years,MR.Mr. BucLan ment he id n< which he has tration. .And Cobb and T h subdued arte* fact, the revol Of the mana. effect.No declaral duce anyeffe< misconstrued would demolit hereafter. J Pr gratuitously H emanated •Uor. originated .n slandered at and provokfd calumnies. T Commerce, »n< the present St misrepreseat at Southern papeThe prospec session is discoi paratively snspe propriations,a anticipated. A licansexhibited will b e nece« coniingly. in a l their defeat paThe revenue have increas«'d the past yea:, ished if CoLg: position.To the Assocutf-i• WAs the stormv the Poet-Office"]• service between monthly to wee time for the Toi December, nam cisco,fifteen<ia outer telegraphdays.WSpecialDispatchiKov.vWe are hav: jubilee here to- All celebrate wi bonfire*, hoeannnecticut rejoice8p»cial Dfaparcb t<The Electoral this Stare standsfour. -Mr. LThe Burges^a toWashin.sront lorn out lOO ma:ST. : The resultof and nothing rauTke Revublitabout thirty coi nguree Bell eonsi hearfrom-TIM from,is23,000;•; (official) give Bes\Tlxe CliicThe fugitive a was issued last claimed as a.- i. n v the hands of l)e to take her from- cw& by a negro:M u s e u mTheMuseumo was deaicstOAl u dreseesby.Gov.--j»iz,and l>r. Ja« sudience was* pre $225,000. of whw nuander by in<vivOeoxgift tttNASKVI (Georgia andtive per cent di*. ATCtUThree carU>a and the day bofs Territory, uiukh and each car H>aTeams.art? at Oreenwood, Bu1 Supplies are gi credentials l'rot voute, and aiv d to receive tin mThe settlor i ntH*d help ihrotNo* 3a& Broadway, cor. Worth-st., N. X". BoTtoi_iR andFnut-Vxoor SAJHS. (Wader's Patent.). MIXTIONS FOB IMES-ENSE.Thedebateinthe SouthCarolina Legislatureoffice was never once contemplated in determining the issue. H i * "At a recent Democratic meeting, hold at the Eagle Hotel, sentiments and opinions on the subject of Slavery are mattersOi nil size* and patterns, constantly on band and for sale on the $l.and ultimately $>$; I t was impossible to pay 1mostfavorableterms. A.S.M.la.Co. fortheirsons'city-madecalf-skihbootsandtheirbefore, whatever may be demanded; but without Candor vmage, Tioga County, the Hon. E . S . S w e e t . p r o d « c e d j ^ h i g n d hol(J %Q b e too deep-seated to be abandoned t*theconstantpresenceofaforcetobackuptheir letterwrittenby.Horace Greeleyto •"=•:,c^Splcpeaiencyorrepudiatedatthehourofvictory.BATCHELOR'SHAIRDYE.—Reliable,harmless,daughters'enormouslyexpandedsilkdressesat,onthemotionofapatrioticmembertovotearemonstrances,itisdifficulttoseewhatspecialtainingapropositionthathe(Greeley)wouldABA^DO^Hitadvo- TheSouthwouldnotregardatsincereonewordhemaysoy •adinstantaneous:BlackorBrown,Factory,No.81Barclay- cacyofhispresentextremeNorthernprinciples,andadvocate at.BoldandsppliedatIEATOHEIOX'SWigFactory.16Bondst.theserates,especiallyastheharvestitselfwasmillionofdollarsforthe,useanddefenseofthebenefitatallcorrespondenttothecostofsend-SoutJttrndoctrines,if,acertainnumberofSouthernsubscribersinconflictwithbismaturedandlong-standingconvictions.Any tionprofessedlyrather a light one. They held back fheir crops,denounced u s f o r telling them that the price inkling o f the difficulties which will be likely t opose to otter groat indocemenu to the merchants fail on their payments hero f o r want and independence. . . .BocssiunriKO Prune for the means o f communication with the navalIMMENSE BARGAINS.IXXKXSB BAKOAIVK.?'* IxXlCNSK BAR6AIX3.annum." Carolina and Georgia will precipitate the movement, and no timo —Here w e s e e t h e impression made on the will be left for Lincoln to honeyfuggle his dear Southern subject* hearer'8 mind by the statement o f " H o n . E . S . in embryo, a hair of whose head he neverinttnds to harm. I statedence a t Pekin o f these Ministers. Isolated a s to order to make room for oar December importation*, we pro- would not advance because i t could not, let their await that body i n its progress toward disunion they will be, and dependent upon the Chineseproclamation ofpolicy by" Old Abe," therefore, will avail no. State in its present exigencies, affords a little ing them there, is to b e derived from the resi- could beprocured for. THB N. Y. TRIBUNE at a certain rate per thing. The crisis is come, and secession is inevitable. Southwhat is my sincere conviction, that there are hundreds o f thou- oiNew'Yorkwhohappentohaveapresentorprospectivewantof ofpaymeutfromtheirdebtors,andfinally Allatonce,onthementionofthislarge,sumofforcesonthecoast,nothingcanbeconceivedof "Sweet." Manifestly,hedidnotinformhissandsintheSouthwhowouldpreferthegibbetorexiletoUfaHotsR-FrxNisHiyo AKTIOT.KSin our lino,DrRWOTHrWHOLK Or NOTIMBITK.most inviting prices for White or Decorated French China, Din-sold their grain for from twenty to forty per cent; money, the members of the Legislature seemed tohearers that the letter he "produced" was writ- under " Old Abe." -'more awkward and embarrassing than the situa- less than they could have readily obtained b y be inspired with the necessity o f caution and de- tion o f resideut Ministers a t Pekin, after theten twenty-three years ago—long before T H E N .Y . T R I B U N E w a s even projected—before I everHis very name- excites contempt. Southern chivalry and honorand dignity revolt at the mere mention of those disgusting agea Cies which were made to subserve the purpose o f his election,•.•ner Sets. 'Table Glass, Cutlery. Silver-Plated Ware. Iron-Stone selling early, as we advised thorn. >Meantimo,. liberation. The look-before-you-leap policy, which, troops shall b e withdrawn from the neighbor-Ware, Wbiteand Fancy Toilet Ware, Vases, Parian andother many o f our City merchants broke, for want of in the mere matter o f going out O f t h e Union, Mantle Ornaments, together with the largest and most varied as-had a n y distinctively Republican principles t o namely, his rail-splitting, his feats at flatboat helm, 4tc, &c. Bet-' •ortoteAt of tobefoundinthecity. ,hood. Probably t h e Embassadors may demandwhat Country merchants owed and .could not had been quite neglected, when t h e suggestion and t h e Imperial Government may consent t o " ABANDON"—and that i t d i d n o t propose t oter far to permit thoso States that desire to secede to do so peace- ably tbjm to attempt the preservation of a Union within whick therecanbenopeace.—Of all the improvements o f this age o f prog- ress, few are more obvious than this. The silly>GAS FIZTXTRRS; W . J. F . DAIT.KT Si Co.. No. 631 Broadway.THE I*ADD& WEBSTER SEWING-MACHINEmaynow be bad for Fifty Dollars.LADO, Wxiwrxa It Co., No. !500_Broadway.pay them—they beiDg prevented bythe- delin- quency of their debtors. Many i f not most Banks had toprofess tostop Specie Payment inconse- quencej though we presume b u t few o f themwasmadeofthisprovision forpaying the ex- penses o f the operation, or a part of them, seemed suddenly to'recur to the minds of membersin full force. I t w a s urged that t h e resolutionpay an indemnity for the expenses of the expe-dition, and this, • we are inclined to believe, will b e"advocate Southern doctrines," norany doc- trines whatever, whether for " a certain number '.'of Southern subscribers," or otherwise. InAGENTS WANTED EVERYWHERE for EUREKA actually refused to redeem their notes. This was should go to the Committee of Ways and Means, that the advocates of a military cooperation with as many untruths as lines, was doubtless penned should be paid to T7ie Herald*s JKoorbacks muatSSW/MO MACK/XXS. Price *50. Every Machine warranted. Add:e*a D. J. LRVY, Superintendent, No. HSQ Broadway.HARRIS'S BOUDOIR SEWANG-MACIUNE,BXST VOK FAX1Z.T V*M.File* *>10. .( J ARRs MauKATTJftN, Gen. Agent.what ia called a "Panic," b u t might more not merely upon the question o f how the money precisely have been termed a general inability t o should be raised, but whether so large a sum wasin good faith by a hearer of "Hon. E . S. be delighted at its blunt efficiency in exposing* Bonght byG. C. AI.LK.N-. No. 4l."> Broadway.WILLIAM TAYLOR'S NEW SALOON,No. 556 BxorvWAT.Refreshments of all kinds can be here obtained by ladies andgentlemen, at all hour* of the day and evening.Toothache Cured in five minutes by Dr. TOBIAS'Swonderful VKSRTIAS LINIXRXT, or no pay—Headache In half an «our. Sold by all Druggists and Storekeepers. Depot No. 56 Courttandtft., New-York.of Silk and Sugar, Tea and Brandy, Cloths a n d solves and firm determinations. The Legislature, ish, and ridiculous. Wines, and had. consumed most o f them, a n d Mr. McGowan thought, w a s prepared t o votef KADICAL CURE OF HERNIA.—Dr. S . K . MARSH, reefing topsails, and various lame ducks go halt-Another member quoted a pamphlet, which had been distributed about the House, i n which t h e expense o f arming t h e State w a s estimated a t half a million only. .Mr.-B. J : Johnson—a member, we apprehend,father:in-law, "Hon. E . S . Sweet" of Owego, written by Horace Greeley to Ben Johnson of Pontotoc, Missis- go out, is what w e will not undertake to say; sippi, being the same I read at Candor and a t Ithaca, and beingN. Y .—the former of. whom furnished and the the WH0I.H contents o f said letter relating to the subjects em- but a t least i t would seem fair, i n case theyof the well-known boose of MARSH k Co., No. 2 Vesey-st., New- York, devotes special attention to the snrgicel adaptation of his RAI>ICAX.CX*K TRUSS to all cases of Rupture, howerer compli- cated. A visit to their establishment will satisfy patients or their physicians that he is prepared to treat all cases requiring mechan- ical surgery With skill and success. Also, a large assortment of mOk and Lisle thread elastio Stockings for varicose reins. Female Supporters. Shoulder Braces, improved Suspensory Bandages,and Instrument* for physical deformities.ing about t h e streets. O n e o f . t h e moving causes of this stricture would seem t o be a reso- lution of the Chivalry t o punish Josh Henry and his compatriots for their failure to beat Lincolnlatter used a s a partisan missile a private letterwritten t o Mr. Jonhson by me,' when Editor ofbraced in said extracts. should undertake t o separate from t h e Union, Mr. Greeley's original letter ia in my possession, ready to b e that they should first pay into the Federal Treas-Boilers to prevent burning or scorching -. Jelly Molds, of various sizes, forms, and patterns; for sale at the establishment, No. 3 New Canal-st., near East Broadway.SPALDING'SPREPAREDGLUE." Everybody should have a bottle."'—[Tribune. FOR SAIJC ETXKIWMXKK.Manufactured by EL C. S P A U > « « it. Co., No. 48 Cedar-st. Pest-Office address, Box Ho. 3,600.heaaedsavagewho,having«,<>*..vuiuoyyxvama ojiviievwithoutknowingwueuucv*firvi»w-h^Vn enemies, goes home and gives his god a whaling. it was to cpme. He hoped it would be raised in However,asJoshlikesit,wedonotcomplain. suchamannerasnottoproveaburdenuponsuccess.Yours,kc.,';" BBW JOHXBOJT, B8Q.—•-Dear Sir:fromaNew-Yorkeditor? Postagepaid,IsupposetherecanbeWenoticethatatalargeandenthusiastic Secession meeting held a t Charleston on the 9th inst.theprincipalspeakerwasJ.W.Spratt, esq., t h e well-known advocate o f t h e African•Sipay our debts. W e had bought on credit of for- needed a t all. Prudent and calm counsels, i t wastheir hollowness and insincerity.A correspondent inquires whether Louisiana " E . ' S . Sweet," sent by him t o t h e Editor o f has a right t o secede, having.been bought withThe Owego Times i n reply t o certain strictures the cash o f t h e Federal Government. Strictly of that.paper. The "Hon." gentleman writes:' speaking, no State has any legal right to secede,. s FBI»AT, Oct. 19, I860. though we suppose that the people of the country lUv. W*. SJCTTH—Sir: As you have seen fit-to publish inyour issue of yesterday not only a libelous article from a n ob- would hesitate long before undertaking t o coerceBut, happily, I am not confined to inferences. eign nations some Two .Hundred Millions' worth suggested, were not inconsistent with high re- was atrocious, this present diplomatic war is child- Here is a letter (not a private one) from "Hon.whencalledontopaywe hadnotthemeans. Hence everybody dunning and nobody paying— hence general collapse and stagnation.We have now another "Panic," o r rather, the premonitory symptoms o f one. The Stock Market has the blind staggers; t h e Banks areany amount necessary t o arm the State, but h o did not wish, in this short-hand way, to vote more than was necessary. He was opposed t o any ac- tion prompted by impulse and passion. He was foractinginsuch a manner asnottobeputJL P A I R O F T H E M .Tho absorption of time, room, and effort in the closing hours o f the late canvass compelled us t oEngland and France i n this invasion o f China,did n o t succeed in carrying their point. I f the " Sweet's" account of that old private letter.former opium war of the English against ChinaE. S. Sweet, of a letter written by you to me in 1837, in which no objection. Well, then, I write primnrUy, <M you win sup-Permit me, then, to give you such account of the matter as will enable you toraccount for it.When in 1834, with the wide world before me, I made the sunny South the land of my adoption, as thosequi trans mare currunt ccslo, non animo mutantur,slave-trade.This factmust tendt ostrengthensuch as her great Webster taught, and the noble Clay illustrated in the history of his lifeIt was natural therefore I should wi9h to see such principlesgood will. You will do what you think best, and take even $2' in advance for Folios rather than lose them. I f the price does not alienate them, I shaU try not to offend them elsewise. A r e they not better satisfied with my letting Abolition alone thanWhy not write me saying " I have a n old private be perfected. The splendid S ^ - S ^ L S S A Z ^independence are held in every quarterof this city,andasa " and fairly, and make the most o f i t ?" B u t , general thing I find they result In convictions favorable to the-;latter condition,/instead o f taking this course, h e first hands the It may be that under the impulse of the prevailing excitementletteraroundprivatelyamonghisSilverGray apredilectionforindependenceincreated;buttheconviction* of the superior:benefits of that condition ace as strong andescort of cavalry. ThecostofthisChineseexpeditiontotheEn-lawtouseinthecanvass;and"theHon.E.S.^material,socialandpolitical—islookeduponascertaintoboput aside some matters of less urgent interest to scure sheet called The Ithaca Journal, but one of a similar im- any State to remain in th e Urtion against it* port from some anonymous scribbler attacking my character as a will. That Louisiana and Florida, because theyfa more convenient season. One o f these i s our man, I ask as ah sot of simple justice that you publish in your.under the necessity Of taking stops backward. account current with Mr. Ben. Johnson and his nrxt paper this letter and the accompanying extracts from a letter were acquired by purchase, are any less free t oThe Neic-Yorker, nearly twenty-three years ago.by refusing t o p a y t h e said Chivalry's honest from the upper country—took the occasion o f Mr. Johnson explains and justifies his course i n whether foreign or domestic, behoving that a ll suoh, like fou ought not t o think o f quitting till this point hasdebts. I t is a n odd sort of- reprisal for our throwing quite a firebrand into the House. H e the following letter, which reached us some days birds, wiU return home to roost, and that personal abuse is only been carefully considered.aruitoest s^r^e^ontabBfilogo, en^fiii^OJlS.dessertActor House, and all the principal Saloons. Heekers' Farina '•'-••••'• 3-«o«. reminding u s o f t h e muddy- did not like t o commit himself t o the raising o fago:-'resorted to by men o f low and vulgar minds t o advance a bad oause where truth and justice would b e fatal to their hopes o fJ.OSWEGO,N.Y.,Oct.30,1860. Hon. HORACE GIIEBI.EY—air: my anoi»tt«« Kan h««n called by a (bend, to some editorial rejnarks in yesterday's TKIBUXB, inrelationtonryconnectionwiththepublication,bytheHon.E.S.SWEET._ w _,produced whenever he shall deny Its authenticity.I bandy no vile epithets with editors or their correspondents,:ury t h e money they cost. Florida especiallywhose private letter he was thus garbling to theWilling, i u order t o court the ^patronage of Southern slave- audience, y^hom i t misled into such gross misap- been for many years the headquarters of the leading fanatics of•of the War Department a t Washington. That tableness, than any book ever concocted by human knavery orevil—to spur on John Brown raids at the North, and incite the of a n y consequence? Would n o t scores have Sm: Here is one Republican precinct in Egypt. W «sum might go a good way in paying the ex-slaves of the South to insurrection-and to murder their masters,have a TRIBTJWK Club here of twenty, and hero are tho CruU*.; Breckinridge.........» g voto*. Douglas.........,,..,...,..',.,,...;.,.,,,,, .40votes* j.iucolu. ......51votes-ight greatservicetothecauseofthe "poor,down-trodden slave," and of national "human freedom," by exposing the insinceritybeen impelled to say, "That is quite superfluous: " W e were acquainted with the The New-Yorker "in itsday,'andare quite awarethatitsyate-" Father of his Country " so impressively warned his countrymen Abolition alone " for Southern favor, and now will not lot itaid u s in introducing it where it does not now—-I have no desire to waste words on' this far?pages of .the. same sheet—as follows;. ..From TheN.Y.Herald(Ed.)ofNov.13.Untitled Document! *M^Aii^k}^^Li.^^.i,,^,Ajj^W e remark with concern that the iufeetion o fWhat say you to an epistle" from a.private letter, that Horace Greeley did that 8U indignant and outraged people should have lain theaoA WORD FROM EGYPT. double-distilledessenceofmaliceandfalsehood,andallunchari-, "1860,"wouldanyonehavethoughtthematter ToTktEditor ofTheN.Y. Tribune.Confederacy o f ^the 9 t h inst. h a * the following cheering advices:TBB W A R AIKKADT, BBGUN-.—The country is in revolution and solution, and a few more taps will precipitate the fair fabricr•: _&.. A«,:i-aaii^:^'. *i.l-:is> tAwww.fultonhistory.com'.:.-:: ^ y f i - f l ^ . ' A ' ^ - " . . :..•.'•.... '.,.'.••• '. •...• .-. . '•fc^.'^j^. -,.•:•JL*.. ,-.,:&Thomas M. Tryniski 309 South 4th Street Fulton New York 13069 ••-..-•••••'•• • •• • • . . - . '•:''•'-. • --••'