 IiIsssaaace—1H Ifitof of maincaused lefa llrmni-g* in the COTTON- mark>.t: sale* to-day 8.000 bal«B at lO^llc. for Middllo?. the market closinat Quiet- Tbe Mies of the week sdd np 51,00ftbales, andtb« receipt* 3700ft.- bales, asaimt 34.500 bolew for tbe porrescmdinir. week in Iact yenr Tbeexportsoflb*weekfootnp60.000bales,andth<jPB »ilwho seems strangely to have exaggerated these allu- sions:" Once, Beaoty, and Caprice build this golden portal. Graceful women, chosen men, d*xzled eveiy mo.:.il; Their tweet and leuy countenance i« eacbantrn; food, Yeneedn/>tgotothem—choirformabeietyoursolitude.manners of Sophocles; but he adds, the movers and-*r *SteanibhipShip Barnabus Webb (of Tbomaston), Hew'ps, Liverpool 34.'at supper, and when I asked for him hi* father said hisson w a s asleep. T h e next morning, after prayer,tain Weed bad him in the cabin of the sloop, barn; stock 23,500 big«, attest 18,000 bajs last year. FaxiO*t& anS FXCMAXOK onchaue^d.&MURDERknownthatthemiesingyawlbelongingtothesloopwwaBjaA strict search is to be made along the roadtbeplacewhereJohnsoncameashoreandtbe'Va:Z'::; ;.;; >|$M:. Itietobehdpsdthatthe.people everywheri^fjjj"MAT/imRS.« What!" fanity andbroken English, ^erethere. of a badsaidV, "thePrince ofV « ^StfbVbe forI 4 T E » T MURDERERajsjariasgby»taf^eandintelligentaniience,toHstento aJeetnrel»yRALPH WALI>O EMEHSOS,,giventraderthe M*yices of theYoarg Men's Christian Union. The guijw*w^^a " Manners."Mr.F.jsxR*<»v said:of the. world, in all marts, and senates, and drawing- do you believe, Romans ? When he had spoken theserooms7 MannOTS—maimersis'power—theeeuseto words,bewarabsolvedbytheassemblyofthepeople. seebisadvantage. Seehimapproachhisman. He. So'that in this,asineverypartof life,beautyisthe€PBT-*TI.XME y Ain> L A P W S — T h e scrol which aiua&tctj "aJA.existence come*tothesor^aoeinamillionfor^ |t h e theater i n which this science o f manuepa lias alines" Thfro are always exceptional people and formal importance, isnot with usa Court, butdressed that ffive the like exhilaration and refine usnight.Anxietyarid curiositywere o n tiptoe.T h emi„.en*ii {•/entv <*. more, will Wen*TUB tqeia^vr\CJUUFORNUI, ORB^••tBCttm^Bt&.ALPHWALDOEMERSON.Tn« ervojnehvf \r>« R«v. Mr. Chipinwae filled last h^m. l a m eatisiied v,ith w h a t ^ ^ h f t v e e i tTHEAt an early hour yesterday morning, when it became-^•jfttly pnblic in the fanct'wi, the habit, thegestiueo*the creator* than in its last form of articnlate spec sh,Thi» silent and subtle language w e call manners. Not their mark, aod hang out a sign for one andnglhiesp. B u t they must b e marked with fine percep- tion—the acquaintance with real beaaty. One would saylbey must always be marked with self-control. You shall not be facile; you shall not be apologetic;but shall b e king over your jyoushallnotbeleaky; butword, and all your gesture and action shall indicatetbe»hor<»and»crn''»b*«I *ndmm«f^rpeater-workdone,came up <he Bay on FrMar, *»*» laid a»b«re t b e evne d»gr,<___ cnnrlnn»d Jn toat condi'K'n nnttl Pnndav morning, wb«*tb« wa« (lotted off and proo^eded down fhe Bay. The aOraarer on bo'ird v/aa o f short »+4vtnr«, r.'owi TDKA*. bnir <rot xhort ot V Ida; bend, mustache, and wore an o-vnrxairt o f blue flannel. V ^ J « on nhorf. tb« ax hatchet, drawing knife, kc , were grooik. <9i One o f tbe able carpenters my* be o n l d identi*p W«i anywi. e > if be i» alive. If tbia will serve anvxood po'poae yoa can |jve &; publicity. • Yourt truly,-what hut how. Life expresses. . A statue has noto»Rue, and seeds none. Good tableaus do not need to conquer one's face; ana, perhaps, the ambitiousvisible caxDage oraction ofthe iodiv'dnal as resalt- old statesman—a President and theson of a PresidentTottenvUU, S. L, March 23, I860.., a t *> 1 5 0 p e r a a n o m .joode. Thepowerofmannersisincessant—ane'e- mentasuucoocea'ublo as fire-. Itisnotanoccasional •rsament, but, like the face, is never put oil'. Tne nobility caunoi, in any country, be disgaised. no more in a republic or democracy than iu a kingdom. Non s a c a n resist their inllceuce. There a r e certainmanners which are learned in good society of iu the child of a stranger. The Orientalists arethat force that* if a person have them, he or ve-Ty orthodox en this point. Ab-del-Kader saidthe best apples and oranges.!* t h e market a r e offered to the curious crowd, and as curiosity sharpens appetite they do a big business. Buyers are also accommo- dated with the latest news from the sloop, and the last word which the vender heard from the lips of an inci-Society is very swift in. its instincts, and if yoa don't you. This nobility is found iu all conditions of society. dental policeman. Bumor makers:were busy, as^hey belongtoitresistsandsneersatyou,or.quietlydrops Someofourbestanecdotes,notonlyofself-respect,'alwaysareinpromiscuouacrowds. Thepositionof•fee must be considered as everywhere welcome, "Take the thorn hueh; sprinkle it the whole year thoughwithoutbexoty,wealth,orgenina. Everyday withwater;itwillyieldnothingbutthorns. TaTcebut of high and profuse hospitality, which is a heroismofmanners,havecomeinallagesfromtheArabs,a everyindividualonboardthesloopatthetimeofthe atirrczuiarprices;wequoteMidolicp;atlOJ^Ilc. FKUIOKTR—the date tree; leave it without culture; it will always whowould obtrudeifallowed toactfreely,donot producedates."Nobilityisthedatetree,thedatesarepeople entirely without oar arts, usefal and fine. murder was assumed, andthe course pursued by theN*TW-OBr,BAjn«. March 22 —COTTOK—Sales to-day 11,S00 baleaf Cotton to Liverpool. 9-l€d. STKRUSO EXCHAJTO*, 108"®103J;bears witne *s t o their universal supremacy. PeopleDistrict Conventions, i s ac •ndwitbWUoflaOine,K^T^IOTJ.SryiiTEXCUASOKonNew-v Committee.PonctnalatupressiveareUaeformsatdbehaviorofthose aronnd,to the susceptible person, it seems as if manners of theearth, tho recollection of that look will bringto as&ist &t the burial of m y son." This news arid this f&riCg o f character overcame UP, a n d w e went religions- lyto the interment of the poor child- F o r the question of culture, manners are not to b e directly cultivated. That is frivolous; leave it to children. Bat to be recog-made, and the crowd became calm.Up to yesierday, the leading daily papers in the cityhad agreed t o suppress such facts a s had been collected by their reporters, but deeming that the officers in pur- suithadyesterdnyafternoonmadesufficientheadway in their expedition in quest of the murderer, to render eecresy no longer necessary, w e give the whole story, eofaraaithasbeenbroughttolight.quiry: MeasPoik, $17; Lard. IPi'Sllc FXCHA WOESPniLADKiraiA, March 23 —FLOTKrtnll, with a declining tend- Micv. WHKAT qniet and WD»V; White, $1 553$$1 GO; Red, $1 33@«1 45. COUN dull ar«i d«cHrj«ng: Yellow. 72e PRO- VISION^ linn ; M^cs Pork. $18«25fi;$13 50. "VVHISKT dull tS.IZfc,CINCINNATI, March 23.-JTh". demand for Money is fair at un- changedrates. Sig'itExchangeouNew-York iswithout change.COMMERCE OF BALTIMOREBALTIMORE, March 23, I860.claimed a diaprcpoitionate attention, usurping the bestthoughts andhours. Here aresomelinesofapoet dothat.'' Well, ifit be so,itisbutonethinginthetyra:members. Euripides says Aepasia h a s n o t t h e fineWhen w e reflect upon the'r per?u83ive a n d cheeringforce,howtheyrecommend,andprepare,anddrav looksoutasstrorgasahorse. TheeyecanthreatenA t a late hour last night a gang o f rowdies aseejuWed.inthelowgroggeryatthecomerofCarlisleandlWest val,atthetenementhouseNo.129Cedarstreet,inthe8-AQ Sandy Hook.. 8:50iGov.Island... 9:40'Hell-Gate......11i2iBBwomon!IamnotofIrsPj^'p^Si,But I amsure. Hisfader aatt^ r xm\(oxisamS^^modes. Englvh grandees aftect t o b e farmers. Clover-circles everywhere, wherein, after t h e close o f t h etime. atvrfitan*levity of behavior, hides the terror of hia will; but na- ture anddestiny arehonest, andneverfaItomakemutual entertainment in ornamented drawing-rooms. Ofcenrte,ithaseveryvarietyofattractionandmerit, hut toearneet persons—to youths and maideuawhothe cabin, and the various points onthe deck where there were evidences of conflict in characters of blood. Among the article* sketched w a a the tin wash-basin in which Johnson had washed the blood from his hands aftor committing the murders, the coffee-pot with its blood staina and appendages p f human hair, t h e stove,the plate of raw beef, the hatchet orknife markaon theceiling,thebloodandhairontbeend of thedraw- hucket rope, and tbe disturbed farnioure of the cabin generally. Theyawl-beat, its oars,thetiller,the. broom, and the right boot were all subjects for theh a 3be on tbe alert, and communicate such mayfacilitatetheworkofthepoliceintheirft'"&& Wehavereceivedthefollowing letter inreferettQei# thesloop:^ ^ j^ ^ ^ M L f^ i^ i^ ^ ^ S ^ ^ ^ ^ ^ ^ ^ S—*~«jw- •...•/ ..: .>:. .....i—-y-...j-../•.:. imij ' •Tb«y ell have somewhat which he has nc^i andgra^ty,^ "Quia-: Doctor'spicture; Hieremarks,dlv<23V8d of theJrpro- it Heemp, ought tohave. Batifhefindsthescholar tu*"variousHiepaniousallegesthat Marcus Scaurus,TJKE:>'(INTHE BAY.* •**"; s s urn«B»WOStniSBUTUBnvT*^ grunts, oppoa A-aaeirvexedtoCity bubscri! *"T"—ta^— f flper anaoxo,InAVBEYLABj&g,Yilthe o&er, and for every quality, it w as much have great objects at heart, w e cannot extol it veryhighly. I n t h e well dressed, talkative companyhe other; still, the where each is bent to amuse the" '""fog from his organization and his will combined, —himself bred inCourts—yet with,extreme irritability deoxygenated air—it spoiled the besi persons, putallwe ca^ "manners." There is always a best way of of temper all his life, in faie, and voice, and bearing. on stilts. Here are tho secret biagraphics written and give a stranger a meal or a night's lodging; it is better4eewn*£ton. Nature tells every secret want. Y e s ; \mt iaman shetellsItallthetimebyattUude,byges-youth ihinksie has got the fall sesret when h e h a slearnedthat dicengsging manners arecommanding.poweratrest. Then they must beinspired bythe every woman seemed to b e suffering for a chair, that good heart. There is no baautifier of complexion, oftar%bythemien, bytheface,bythepart?ofthe Donotbedeceivedbyafacileexterior. Tendermen Orientalstrangerwhowasintroduced,fanciedthat faee,and"bythewholeactionofthemachine.Toe. «ometime8havestrongwills. WehadintheNorthan allthetalkerswerebrained andexhaustedbytheform,orofbehaviorlikethis.Theremustbethe-viah to scatter joyand not pain around us. ItiagoodtoS. L. HOPPING,jfQ%Ftr«»t Ward HeirahiSitbeaboreAfsociati^owii,J 1DCKDAY, the 27cb, at el«ctina; five delegatea to pok*openrroro7)to9p.nAJowtrn t. BOYCX,]j- • lx%i LBOWAUD, ._Vy'"TheThirdWardK^ <m TUESDAY EVENl.\fJ Frankhai House, t o elect id Poll* open from7^ to 9 o'r,'JByorderof IU8.OoPLPyJx., Secrets"Fifth Ward^^epalito*callbytheBepabtLcon«l will suet at the Fifth W : J March 27, to elect Delegar OoEYention. Polla will oe_JOHK CoxnauL, • : KDWAHD W . PRATT, }Hixtli Ward tteecuiaA special Bteetinc of the ab 32Frankhri-st.,onTUE.SC tile pxrrpose of electing I•Mnrgeveryttfng,ifithetoboilanegg. Maaneraare Whennespokehisvoicecracked,broke,andwheezed. read. Theasnect ofthatmanisrepulsive. Idon't tobehospitsbletohiegoodmeaningand thought,and wiehtodealwithmm--theotherisirritable,shy.And togivecouragetoacompanion. Wemuet beascour-LATER—THE MUBDEHEH FOUND.A t a late hour last night, a dieoatch w a a receive**thebaapywaysofdoingthings. Eachwantsastroke Littecaredhe. lieknewhehadgottoJg!p«and fromhiscornertheyouthlookshumbleandmanly. I teoustoamanaswearetoapicture,whichweare *fgenius,oflovenewrepeated,andhardenedinto wheeze hisargumentandindignation. Whenhe choosehim. Lookonthiswoman—therei3nobeauty willingtogivetheadvantageofagoodlight. Imu*t •usage—the form and varnish with which ail the rou- eat down, after speaking, he seemed in a fit, nor brilliant attendance nor distinguished pow^r notiai thiBlate hour, perhaps not atany hoar, offer any tine of life iswa?hed, and itsdetailsadorned. Toere and he held on to the chair with both hands. to serve you; ' but fell see her godly— specialrulesfor behavior, yet I maybe forgiven if Ifrom tho officers bythe police, da*ed at Providence pencil,andwilldoubtl«es,induetime,bereproduced etatjngthatafteratedioussearchtheyh%dsucceededapart from biacompanions,itistheiithe euthrisia^a torn,awdthescholarhasnodefense. Wha'iatihePresident o£the Senate,excited tbie allioe toaron.MarcusScaurus,PresidentoftheSenate,deniesit.PARTICrULA.R8. FOUND.mttkv^B^: ••:done, talentofthatcharactersocommon,thesuccesaTnlmen, Th<jieisnowifcsesiJ.VtrlcreditUQuirttes7Which,tometbirtv-Bixlimes tV&f^tJ^j eay thi shili iscanpaintKingJamesbymemory. -^ "*x>khmwsthattroopabehaveastieyarehandledat finish,ofthings.Themostusefulmaninthemost citementappeared"toiacrease,andhundredsrepairedsolikeboth, thatthereisnofeaturet^t«oe8no. 1 ^ first. One instantly perceives ho baathe keyof ixtfWul world, ae long aa only comfort ia aerved, wooldTotheEditorofTh*N.Y.Tribune. j«ynbHaticdevery*JXTV*3>* vof hislikebeloncmgtofader andmoder. Thenaila ofhis the situation; that his will, comprehends theto tbe sloop at Fulton-Market sliptoascertain what new developments had been made during the previous_^jsmnnan,InWEf^fiee;Tbr'e"« ««ib© uncatisfied, b u t aa fast a s h e sees beauty, life ac- fingers ar^modex's, the Qaeen that was. ^ootor, yoa other's will as the cat does a mouse* quires tho highest worth. I have seen manners that mayheoutinyourletters, batIcannot beoutiamy make a similar impression with personal beauty,Sin: Injovr »rtlcl«ofye<»t*>T<li»y,onthemjsteriotw <fl*»t. penrniico o'th*) crew nf tio giv»p V, A.Johnson, you ttajtatfe railed at K>yport. fcneb a a y bavfl be«n tbfl ca*«. Bxittiy enme rip PrinccrR-'my, and ca^le4 «X thu Keilwayof JS/JOO % B E at TottenviU*. Staten Ixlnnn. Th« C«i?u<n wi«h*4 toever&Ki. her, bnt Mr. Ellis'* way a beJne <xvnjpted. ths «loop «r*» 4r«ratelike that, a n d there is a bearing which aa P'itsoutitshandsandorgans,andisnotlesssijpK^'housewasonewho,underthefinishofaddressand day'8bueinee8,menandwomenmeetatleisurefor muchsurpasses beautyaeit bidedefiancetoarti£tfl.andrepoitoreofthevariousillustratednews-are very eommunicable men—men who catch their Underneath all this irritability was a powerful say there ia one topic peremptorily forbidden to allmanners one of another. Conaaelo in a romance will, firm and advanced, and a memory her whole air and impression are healthfal well-bred, rational mortals, namely, their distempers.boo*t»ofthelessonsshehadgivennoblesinmanners inwhichlayorderand method likegeologicalstrata. Here come theinvalids, E*he,who caught coldin ISyouhavenotslept,ifyou have headache,orscia-fromthestage,andonarealstageTalmataught Eyeiyfactmhishistoiywasunderthecontrolofhis comingintotheworld,andhasalwaysincreasedit tica,orleprosy,orthunderstroke,Ibeseechyou,by Uponitsdeckvariousitinerantmerchantshave r.rreetedduringthenight. KapokODthearsofbehivior. Geoiusinventsfinewill.Isaidjustnowthatthecircumstanceusuallysince.Herethecreepmousemanners,herethethiev-asltbeangels,toholdyourpeaceandnotpollutethe opened their warehouses for the special accommodationish manners. Here are the sweet following eyes offast; and by the advantage of the palace better the in- are factitious in part, ma'nly therejnust be capacity for Cccile; it Eeemed always that she demanded the heart. azure. Love the day. D o not leave the sky out ofxtannere, which the baron and baroness copy very Uncs its aid in the' formation of manners; butif theystruction ; they stereotype the lesson they learn into a culture in the blood, eke all culture iavain. The Notl ing can be more excellent andkind. Nothing kyour landscape; the oldest and moBt deserving per-obstinateprejudiceinfavorofbloodwhichliesatthe canbemoreexcellentintheirkindthantheCorin- atoirshouldcomeverymodestlyintoanynewly-walced baseoftheieadalandmonarchical fabrica oftheOld thiangraceofGertrude's manners, andyetBlanche, company,respecting thedivine communicationsout World, has abundant reason in common experience. who has no manners, has better manners than she. $t which all must be presumed to have newly Kvery man, mathematician oraitiet or soldier or'mei- She can afford to express every thought by jasiant !0O3je. An old man who bad a loving culture ofaction. Societyisshrewdtodetectthosewhodonottfceagesays,whenyoucomeIntotheroomIthink inhisownchildwhichhewouldnotdaretopresume belongtohertrain,andseldomwastesheratten&ras. IwillstudyhowIwillmakehumanitybeautifultochant, look s with confidence for some trait and talentsjou. T h e first weapon enrages th e party attacked;asthedateofthetransactionisnoteasilytobefound,the secoid is still more effective, but not to be resisted.Peop)e grow up and grow old in this world never BUBpecung t h e truth, ascribing t h e solitude which comeson them ingeniously t o a n y cause but the right one.The beginning of good manners is self-respect. Neces-interest in this inquiry, is the wonderful expressiveness sity is (lie law of all who are n<.tself-po3£essed. Those, at hie house to sup and pass the night. W e had a joy?UfarketReported byTelcgrapk.the aristocracy, and the Arab populace is the bushGen. Daumas has lately given neanother book on the Arabs, in which h e relates the following: "On the d a y of ourdeparture,Abou Bekr wished to feast us for the last time, and assembled us to the number of eightperpetrator, demonstratedlto general satisfaction, and so o n until t h e discussion o f theories became lost i n hearty wishes for the speedy capture of the villain, and his speedy satisfaction to the claims of justice.York, 1-1G®J W cent premium.March 23.—The receipt b«>re of tbe Canada's advicca to-dayBy order of •Gaoaqa OaTryraT, Seer»SiTtfa Ward Repol The Repoblican Elector? m*«t on MONDAY E^> E School-Room,cornelClin makingtheWardnomiciO.I»,W.MtmRAY,SecretKlxbthWard Kepimeettcg of the above Asal tanHaS,No.178 Prince-J 27,1360, for the purpose f Co*vention. T h e polls I order. MJogg J. SHAW, WK. S*J\ Ninth Ward^-The 1Ward will meet, pursuant Com mi .tee, at Bieecker MMA 27, at 7£ o'clock, to, -ventkns, to appoint Dele; keld April 18,1860. PoilsN. D. TBATJRS, SecrauTenth Ward jiepiaa«e wita the call of the t AssocisiionwillassemDle TUESDA Y EVENING, hu DELEGATES to the TiONS. Polla open fron|ScrrcathWard Heof this Association wiU Broadway, on TUESDJ o'clock, lor the purpose ol Uon, XK be held, in tiyrac jratee and two AUernateel ionrDelegatesatLarre,mbe heia at Chicago, > U j | o'clock. By order ofCHAJtUS£LRili, IJE. M. bsunaoRg, >JThe Tenth Ward[ will meet at No. 93 Bo«l 26thlast.,at7jo'clock.'be present.C. G. QvaBAcaa, S e jEleTenth Ward.4 PUBLICAN ASSOCLAJ No. 21 A yesae D, e n 1 11 o'clock,forthepurposeConvention. _ CoHjrauca DOXOIAO:. r e l f t h W a ^ r d a»Ung of thia AcaociIh-at. and ad-av.. o 4 at 8 o'clocVW xzxuuc E . PABOK,!Thirteenth W ardjmazy eiecdon will tue b |ofElectingDel.-gal DAY EVENING.All members axe in vitJ •will be presented.J. M. Born, H. A..Ssnow obtrude, Disagreeable sights and appeals to con- thome." What is enrions, a n d makes iteelf»con>-ne«R a r e prevented. Men walk a s if they wereamong Gods to deserve that which belongs to a highelate of nature aDd culture. Your manners are under of the human body. If that were made- of glass or ofobservation allthe time, andby committees littlesu3- sir, andour thoughts were written on tablets of steel who arenot self-pos^esscd obtrude and pain us. Some peeted.Apoliceincitizens'clothesarebutawarding within,underthenoondaysunitcouhlnotpublish menappeartofeelthattheybolongtoaPariahcasie.. o r denying y o u veiy high prizes a t mOinent3 when more truly its meaning than n o w . A wise man can They bend and apologize, a n d w a k through life with timidstep,aswesometimesdreamthatwearein>vcll- youlittlethinkofit. Ah,itisvervwell totalkof readve:ysharplyallyourprivatehistoryinyourlook", dre.sedcompanywithoutanycoat. They actasifutilities. It ieour manners which aasocia'e ns. In the and gait, .and behavior. -Foremost among these inter-hours of bnsine3s w e go to him who knows, or does preters is: the wonderful agency of the human e;ve. they Buffered from some modifying circumstance; but the hero or gentleman should be al- thiaoxthatwhichwewant,andwedonotletoar Afcientflielady,whenaconversationtamedonuy-^ways athoitewhereheis,andlookcomfortabletaste*or feelings stand iutheway; butthe moment nnmics,aeked the late George Stephenson, thecsle-{thisactivityisoveT,andwereturntotheindolentstate, bratedengineer,"what,doyouconsiderthemost*ineverXsituation.Theheroissufferedtobehimself.yearkindness.WhenIsaidlastnightmysonslept tudeexpressingveryfreelyadeterminationtolynch 70/?/>"2c.Pnovi«ro>«nncbanied.WHISKYdullat23cwe-wishtogotothesewhosemannersdorotoifend poweifnllorceinnature7" "Iwillsoonanswerfhati Thepersonofstrongmindcomestoperceivethatforne.—whose social tone chimes with OUTS. I n youth,-whentheimaginationrules, ifwe considerhov im-question," said he; "it is theeyeof awoman for monthatlovesher; forifawomanlookwith affection onayoungman,shouldhegototheuttermostends'him a n immunity is secured so long as'he renders to society that service which is native and proper to him—ano f 3,500 bale*, a t your feast I have contained my cries, and have silenced minds b y stating that no person was in the cabin, a n d CINCINNATI. March 23.—Fi/>rn very dulL WHISKY declinedimmunity from a l l t h e observaQcen, and many of the duties which society him back. There is no other force in nature that could Tyran&icully imposed on the rank and file of itsthe cries of m y wife. Now I entreat you this morning that it was locked up. No further de nonstration w aa lc.; saJeaof 8f0 bbls at l.Sic -|> r»'lon. PaovruiONe—More in-whole catalogae of powers. Kan cannot fix hiseyeon the8T:n, and BOfar seams imperfect. In Siberia mas'ers of our souls have natmally a right tothro<va late traveler fonnd menwhocouldsee outthc^rlimbsascareksslyaithoyplease,orona"nizedbyusasthe<?ialhand,whichhaseverdivulgedthe satellites of Jupitor with their unarmed world that belongs to them, and before creatures theytbe secret, w e would fain keep from o u r real rank. We must look at the mark, not atthe arrow, and per- bips the beet rule ia Lord Bacon's, that to attain go^deye. I n Borne respects animals excel. T h ehave animated. . Manners require tone, as nothing isbirds have a longer eight, beside the advantage of their more vulgar than haste. Harry is for slaves. Friend;wiDge, which gavethemahigherobservatory. The shipshouilbesurroundedwiohceremonues;itfeqaireaVolneoftheExpotsfor»h«week Value of ihe I»iport« for tbe week Decxvuae in ImportsIPassengersIn burk Ttreta, Ji-om Maray:aibc—Mm. M. C. Wolf*; Miss H .Hiiheb, 9. II. La Combe. MXNIATUB.BALMANAC.Belookethseldomintheirface,faineyesexploretheground, cowcanbidhercalfbyasecretsign,doubtlessofthe moretimethanpoorbusy mancanusually,command.Already t h e murderer h a s beenbeach on Staten Island, where he landed, to the V an- derbilt Landing, and from thence t o the city, v i a t h e'forry:bpat Socthfield. Here the chain was broken; a n d the blood-thirsty adventurer looms u p , after a n inter-The gre»n grass is a look hi j- gjass whereon their traits are found.Little h * iaj * to them. 10 dances his heart in his breast. Their tranquil mien bereavetb him of wit, of words, aid re*t.Too T»< ak to win, to.> food to ahnn the tyrants of hi* doom, The much deceived Endjmion sleeps V: ni:.<i the to Tab."eye, torunaway, toliedown, andhideitself. The eyes o f a n insane person sometimes have a brutish strength—they seem t o diminish t h e distance between you and him, as jockeys say the horse looks over the whole ground. T h e oct-of-door laugh, hunting, a n d labor, give equal vigor to the human eye. The farmertrackedfrom t h epeople together^—how, in ail clabs, manners mikemembers, bow manners make the 1'ortuoe of the ambi-tious youth, how, for the most part his manners nv-trryhim. and how forthe no*>t pan be marries manners—when you think what secrets they revol, whathighlessonsandinspiringtonesofcharacter^—andoomider also what. ennous divination is requiredin na for the reading of this fine telegraph, enumerating thenames of persons"or of countries, as Senators, or professors, or great lawyers, or mer-jou.will see what a ran^e the subject has, and.thrat \t Fiancej Germany, Spain, England, Bohemia—the chants, and impose on the frivolous and a good deal on worth exploring under the heads of convenience, ej es wink at each new name. There is no nicety of each other by these claims; at least it ia a point of power,andbeauty. Theirfirstsurfaceisverylow, learningsoughtbythemindthattheeyesdonotvie Srndentgoodmannerstotreatythesereputationsten-erl'y,,nsifthey were merited; butthesadrealist wherethejraretheminormor?ls. Butitisthebegin- inacquiring. "Theartist," saysMichaelAngelo, knowsthesefellowsata.glance,astheyknowhim.ning of civility to make us endurable to each other. " must take his measure with tools not iu his hand, butWe prize them for their eminentconvenience toget peo- in the eye." And theve is no endof the catalogue of As when in Paria the Chiof of Police enters a- ball-pleoutofthequadiapedstate,togetthemwashedand itsperformance?,whetherinindolentvision,of health roomeomanydiamondedpretenders shrinkandmake clothed, and eet up on end, to sloagh' their animal and beauty, or the strained vision ofart and labor. them;elves as unconapicuous asthey can, orgive themstreets, and after drinking freely of the villainousliquorsdispensedintheplace, gotinto an altercationHIGH WATKR THIH DAY.like * loaded leveled gun, o r can insult like kicking o rFiret Ward, under the following circumstances: T w o men, named John Burk and Andrew Kelly, havinghiseiDg, or, in it3 altered mode, bybeams of kind-a snpnlicating look a s they pftsi*. *' I h a d received," blood.husks, andhabits,andcompelthem tobeclean, to Theeyesareasboldaslions,roviug,running, leaping, ? William Hinckleywasoiabbedintherightside,theThey eaid that on Wednesday a nqjjffiKslied William Staikey, Paname, Tappan & Starbury.Brii;-Trade Wind. Job nson, Gibara,. C. it. E . J . Peteta.overawetheirrpiteandmeanness,andteachthem hereandthere,farandnear. Tnevspeakalllan- saida*Sibyl,'Ihadreceivedatbirththefatalgiftofto stifle the base thought, makes them knowhow- guage?. They wait forno introduction. They areno penetration," and these Cassundras arealways born. knife entering to thedepth of three orfour inches andJohnson, who lived in the same house with them a t No. 129 Cedar street, w h o was a smack sailor, h a d8cboonei8—D. Russell, Butler, Hartford master; Mary Emma, Hcndenj'.n, vhiladeh^ia, J W . McKee; Mount A.venoe. Green.' field. Philadelphia, Jas. Hand; vBpor, DissoBway, Mobil*. 8tur-much happiergenerous behaviors are. That behavior JfiDgliahmen; ask no leave of ageorrank; they re- I said society isthestage on which this panorama ofthe laws carraot reach. Society is infested with rnde, spect neither poverty n o r riches, n o r learning, n o r braitisb,cynical,rest/essandfrivolouspersonswhoprey upon.ihe rest, andwhose public opinion, concen- ! power, norvirtue nor sox, bnt intrude and go again,trated into good manners and fopo, is accepted by the J and go through and through you ia a moment of time.good sense of all it can reach. I have seen con What inuxdations of life acd thought are discharged 'doctors a n d rnlers a t a public o r private table from one soul into another through them! The glanceinflicting a frightful wound. With a piercing cry,come home very unexpectedly. In tbe course of tho KOHSt Clearman; G. Harris, Daisey, Wilminxton, Doliner It Potter; Stag, Lovoland, Lavacca, Norcro»s & Prince; Resets*,oountry, in the pews of the Church yon will see littleasthetongue,withtheadvantagethatthooculardia- <ij theyTheofficersfinallysucceededingettingtheirprisoner' theNew-YorkandNew-HavenRailroad,forStoning- ;rtkWilliams. March17,lat.8200,lcn.7630,passedbarlRob-placards pasted up pleading with the worshiper lect isunderstood all theworld over. The languageroomthecautiontostrangersnottospeak loud,nortopersona who look over a fine engraving that it should furtive invitations are avowed by the eye, though dis- good history, that the heroes understand from the first be handed like cobwebs, or like a butterfly's wings; Ecmbled by the lips. A man comes away from a com- and deal loyally aDd with a profound trust iu each and to those that look at stataes, that pany,heliasheardnoimportantremark, bu;ifia other. ItissublimetofeelandtosayofanotherI theymust nottouch them with a cane; but even sympathy with the society, ho is innocent of neednevermeet,speak,orwritetohim. Weneednot is the perfect civifizat:on ofthis city, andofthe capital the fact of such a stream of life ashas been flowing to rcenforce our£elves, or send tokena of remem- of New-England, such cautions are considered not him through the eye, There are eyes which giveno brance. 1 rely on him aa on myself. If hemuch notice. There a r e asking eyes, a n d assertingtod opened the wJndw'w. Some ladies who were thiuly eyes and.prowling eyes, andeyes fall of faith, some part of you, you can speak to him asto yourself, so where three indictments are now hanging over hiselad were sitting near, and theb shoulder* felt the cola. sternly and really as to seem co'.d to those who do not of good, and some of sinister omen. Assoon as manGoethe went on tiptoes, in his quiet way not to d'wturb are ofl' their centers the eyes chow it. I saw know both. It is the great event of life to firid, and thereader,andabutitsoftly. WhentheDuketnme4 an orator sp<rak upon an occasion which know, andlove a superior person; to find a char-S br D ridee(fNeWond moli^soa to master 22d init., off Bar-hospitality if there be noholiday in the eye. Howthecharminallgood novels;as it.isthecharminallaegftt•: 'yA*~Z'C a n";iir. of about 1-10 tuna bottom u p ; w aa painted gmen, and apparently not long in that sitnat'on.Schr. Mauch^sH-r, Elsworth, Richmond 4 days. Hoar end to- bacco to C. H Pierson in Co.Schr. Snnny South, Wertcs, Wathin^ton, N . C , naval store** and cottcil to D . C. Murray.Schr. T . P . Ba'kalow. Bodine. Virginia, oysters.Schr. riiilander AmiHtrong (of Boston). Whitnnre. Atlakapu 22dayjt.KUSWandrnolajisestoSturgesi-Co. Sailedincompany- with bebr. FllJa. i'hiuney, for New-York.qriite needltes in the Astor, the Atbemeum, and thecity libraries. Waylandnarratesthefollowing story:A are liquid, and deep wells that men might fail into.reigning Doke, returning from the chase, came in after And others are oppressive, and devouring, and take too compliment. There is neither profession, nor alwaystho dince? vfSe, h*^un. found the room too hot for him, sociality a s if the friend was you. The friend being a The accused formerly did business in Falton County,more admission into them than blue berries. . Othersdid this or these I know it w as right. A friend receives his friend's action without personalcame overclouded that,hiscommands hadbeendie-obeyed."WhohasshutthewindowthatIopened?" box.Hedidnotflinch.Hecameuptotheduties. allthesuperiorpersonsIhavemet,Inoticedirect-i . * O f t h e f t o y s i CAHA p y . AM there h# m*x*iudod in th*ir plao,S> '•.'••MORXIERERS.—Acker,the murderer of§?«•..'•« • ^Pk» fi«t of th«t company."NEW-JERSEYHaydes,thejiaiq^r/wSohadexcellent oppoitnuities of comparing the notable Eogli*ha«,a of hi* day r e -Gordon, will b e executed, o n Thursday next, within,the WUIIB of the Morris County (N. J.) Jail. The • having no other weapon, probably used the coffee-potpatriotic maityrB pla:ed before him in a small woodenearth. Suchaone isleftalone,aetheGodeare. Ingoods, and Mr. Spaulding, while engaged in the same business, accidentallymethimyesterday, andcaused his arrest. The accused was locked up at Police Headquarters.cient, however, to be fatal to that search. *Yesterdaytheyawlboatwas broughtupfromBay-Ridge toWhitehall, and chained tothe Harbor Police landing. Dwing the forenoon Mr. Selah Howell, the half owner of thesloop, viewed the boat and identified it as the one belonging to the sloop beyond all question. He also stated that he thought the odd boot found iu the boat belonged to tbe cook, one of the Watts boys.Atalaterhourhithe dayasmallboxeompaeswasfound under the bed in Johnson's apartment iu Cedarhesaidtothessr^ants. Notonedaredtocastaglanceat or reply to him. Bat Goethe approached biai eyes in making his addrtss to theee relics in this thing like obstruction and malformation had been quietly anareverentially, and said: "lour highne.is wooden box he didnot know. It was trying. He trained away. What have they toconceal,what have has the power of life and death over all-your lookedoutto seehowtheaudience tooktie thing. theytoexhibit1 Between simple andnoblepersonstweecfthena Schr.Pennsylvania,Ladd,Elii-»bethport,coalforPortland. ',r>.NonvnB,34He apostrophized the matter, bat what todowith,hisness,simplicity,truthspoken moretruly,asifevery-aubiectjv upon me let it be pronounced." TheDuke laughed, andthewindow was opened no moro. ceethe mud atthe bottom ofour eye. Itisimpliedin They recognize atsight, and meet on a batter ground Mannersarefactitious,andgrowoatoi circumstances oursnperiorculture,isit not,that thecompleteman thanthotalentsorskilliheychance to possess,name- aawellaaoutofcharacter. Ifyou lookatthepicture wouldneedno'auxiliaries to hispersonal precence; ly,ontheirsipceiity. Foritianotwhattalentsorge- of patricians and peasants o f different countries, y o uwiil see how w«ll they match t h e same clasees in o u r stronger weapons than with money o r knives. Who-Ibe reason why men do not obey n« is, because theythere is always" a perfect understanding.the eyeand theword are certainly far subtler, andnius a man has, b u t how he i s t o his talents, that con-A STRIKING FAILURE.—Last evening a meeting ofjourneymen goldbeaters was held a t the Mercer-streetHouee. M r . Mitcholl beiDg called t o t h e chair.About fifty persons were present, a n d several madespeeches'against the action of their emp'oyers in cut-ting oil' tin i r pe; quisitcs. There are n o t more thau 150journeymengoldbeatersiuthecity,andonlyabout18 or 20 persons engaged in the business.stitutes friendship and virtue. The man that stands b y towns. Themodemaristocratianotonlywelldrawn everlookedontheherowouldconsenttohiswill,and himself,theuniverseftandabyhimalso. Itisrelated inTit^an'aVenetian Doges,andonRomancoinsand hewooldbeobeyedasnatural'yaatherainandsan« oftheMonkBasilthat,beingexcommunicatedbythethemanntr0 thedegree ofhomage the partyiswont toreeeive. The grocer knows the quality of sagar from starch; the mercer understands t h e different v a -street,butthemanJohnBurkesubsequentlystated eqieol;Graimda,forhidianola,at6amibirkVirginiaAna,thathehadeeeuliim.withthecompassthreeorfour forBuenosAyres. Fromthycity,ships.FarVVott,forNew- OrVana; Cambria (Br.), for Glasgow; br^ Grecian, for Boreaf.ataiuea, but also in thepictures which Com- shineare. Iftheor^auofsighthesuchavehicle Pope,hewas,athisdeath,sentinchargeofanaDgel modorePerrybroughthomefromJapan.Na- ofpower,theotherfeatureshavetheirown.It tofindafitplaceofBufferinginhell. Butsushwas toredrawsthesamelinesallovertheglobe.The iswonderful whatvolumesofmeaningare theeloquenceandgoodliumoroftheMonktlut, keene\ewill seenice gradations ofrank,orseeinThewagesofajourneyman,withtheaidofaboy monthsago.Meantime,however,asthereisnocom.«chr.Maria,forMurauham;brig.Lavecca,forMobile.containedinthefewsquareinchesofthehumanface.•wheieverhewenthewasreceivedglauiy,and civilly treated,evenbythe mostinfernalangels. When he came to discourse with them they look hispart,and adopted bis manners, a n d even good angels came fromWIND—Dtiriugtheday,fromN.W.toS.AmanfindBroomtherefortraitsof allhisancestors—for the expre:;?Joii-of allhis history and allhis wants.passonboardthesloop, ithasbseudeemedbeaitore- tain it for identification.Sculpture and Winkelmann and Lavater will tell you»*rtieaofsilks. There isculture notlessiacarria& bowsignificantafeatureisthenose; howits'formex- afar to see him,and took up thoir abode withDuring t h e day, Capt. W eed and Mr. Howell insti- tuted a search in the Captain's berth in the cabin of theTele^rrapli.brhru in the Oftinr. ^^t»ld light from N. W.; weather clear.than behavior. The seneschal in old castles eould rank presses strength or weakuess, will and evidence of de- him; for, such was the coutented spirit of the monk. all the guebte without error by their conduct. You re- termination. What refinements and what limitations that lie found something to praise in every place andWei b. from Llrerpool, comin« up the Bay. VVIad light fromweights left after .the beating, the workman receive3 6 $iperpennyweight*•anditisthislatterperquisitethe the laid-away,cleanelothingmusthavebeenmadeiu ^OSTON, Mown23.-Arr. schrs. Frank Herbert, r«kerffrom Cbarle-ton: Spring Kill, Freeman, from Jeremte; Mary employersdesiretocutofl'. Twobeatingsareagood effortstomurdertheCaptain aslielayiuhisberth; Oreeniah, Greenlah. from do.; Emma Amelia, Harding, fromJJ*week'swork. Thejourneymenseemedafraidtotake andasthereisnobloodintheberth,the"Captain muat vannsh; C.I'.Siiokuev. Garwood, from Jacksonville; JaiaeamembertheincidentintheScotchstory:n ^ ^ T f . ^ 9 ^ d «Ov«.wsadW thotnstr&n*egnentu,andwellhokn«w •company,though inhell",andmadeakindofheaven ?eft a whole chapter on the walk dc la D6marchey of it. Atlast, the escort angel returned tothem that in which he says the look, the voice, the res- sent him, saying that noPhlegethon could be found piration and the attitude or walk are iden- that would burn him, for iuwhatever condition, Basil tical, but as it has not been given to man remainedincorrigiblyBasil. Thelegendsayshiseon. the power to stand guard over the*:e four dif- tence wasremitted,andhewasallowedtogointo heaven, and was canonized as a saint. There is a streak of magnanimity in tho correspondence of Bonaparteraelting.A good workman maymake ten booksmore,for acleanwhiteshirt,bothfoldedup,throughJthefoldsofwhich hereceives five cents each extra. For any gold which were several clean cuts, which must have beenover the 17 pennyweight iu books, and 31 penny made byan exceedingly sharp knife. These cats in Defiance, which was aahoie on tho Hook, was floated offatH<r«rtoaMixD.theirrankhsdo«. And such a hi*;h comouandu.r rxvx.TVas to tb«;ir miea and i„ thelrtac« KM anitad ti«.t th« prlnc«)y dJL•the teeth betray. T h e late French romancsr BalzacSANDY VlOOK. March 2 3 , sunset—No inward-bonnd vessebs iuslxbt. Wiud light from E. N.E.: weather cle*r. bchx.erent simultaneous expressions of thought; watch that which speaks o u t t h e truth, and you will know t h e w h o l e m a n . P a l a c e s i n t e r e s t u s m a i n l y i u t h e e x - hibition of manners which in that idle and expansive Society, where appearance is studied, are raised to a hi"h art. Themaxim ofCourtsisthatmanneris power—a calm a n d resolute bearing a n d polishedany action, and the meeting proved a failure. -Martin, Hsrdins from Savitanah. •* rum«»« BALTIMORE. March 23.-*rr. bri* Cheeapeake, from_I^^rara r8tb ult.: left bark F . A . Lee. «ud biig Onward, for Wew YoL.axr.27th. Alaourr. bark Indus, from CwderaK£tt.l«t£ reports unusually severe weaher; spoke, lat.3b,^,'*V ""* Mary Moans, from Havana fcr Booion; she «ported severeweather, and loss of her denkload. rwkrf lee fronl PlllLADELl'lH A. March28i-Arr. •*«^'g?^J5£'"***w i l h h i s b r o t h e r J o e e j p h . W h e n t h e l a t t e r w a s K i n g o f Spain, he wrote to Napoleon that he missed in his letters hat aft't etionate tone which marked their childish cor- respondence. "1amsorry,"repliesNapoleon;"Iam soiry that y o u think y o u shall find your brother j»ark*thesupefiofityofikomannersofKurl Grey'and peech,uuembellifehmentoftrifle,uudtheartofhiding againonlyintheElyrianFields. It isnaturalthatat theDukeofWeJlfcjgtonoverthe averagebehaviorof >11uncomfortablefeeling,areessentialtothecourtier. 40heshouldnotfeoftowardyouashedidat12, But men of rank. Bute when afterward a JDutce of the Sauit Simon and Cardinal D e Ketz and Eocderer. aud his feelings have greater truth arid strength; his friend-have succeeded in leaving the berth, whereupon th e Tstruggle took place which hasleft its traces on the ] floor, t h e furniture, a n d t h e coiling, aud the Oaptain,blood,theDukeofgowex^%'mtohim, henotes tint ship hasthefeatarea*of hismind." Howmuchwe an encyclopedia of manners, will instruct y o u if youthe style of this peer i* aamuch superior to Grey und p>.ubc m tho*e potent secrete. Thus it is a point of forgive to those who yield us the rare spectacleof Wellington aa they were superior to the ordinary peers, pride with kings to remember faces and names. I t ia heioic manners. W o will pardon them th e want of acircumstancee*adibieenough,whichshowshowfuc- reported ofonoprince that hishead hadaway boots,thewantofart?,andevenofthegentlervir- tttiousfthe Court manners are. For a Princs, who is °T! ??iWK downward, in order not to humble tue:?. The old lioman's state more abounds in those.i^...^ „..sA^iw'*„ ...j«j K „.v . T>.._ »r_ -«. ' coatt to take particular notice ofi 8anybodies which MDe pourl- There orepeople who come in like examplesthananyother,andthatisthereasonwhyit bythehighestgVtoaeea,acquiresacorrespondingKchildalwayswithapieceofgoodnews.Itisre-n>Millthefavoriteliteratureofalltheyouthand;ofported of the late Lord Holland that h e always came all tho maturity of civilized nations. Montaigne says down to break £a*t «» though some great lack had b a - he deploiefe no loss so much aa that of Plutarch's life r<ilcn ruui. In ^ r e DrtUie, the grandee takes Me of ricipio. Tho life of such a hero, by such a sympathough assidionsly attended by the Rev.Mr. Van Cleof, eannot be aroused to make any preparation for death. H e has made a fall confession, acknowledginghat thedeed wasdeliberate andpremeditated,aud performed with coolness perfectly fiendish. H e alsomight be washed ashore from now henceforward, uud to communicate the description to him a t onco.Healsorect-ivodaletterfrompartieswotlacquainted with Capt. Burr, a t Thompson Station, Staten Island,1 Connecting at New-Hampton wiih tlie Delaware, Le* *"wanna and Western Railroad, ami at Easton with the lrt«al»t» Valley Rrilroad. ijulf-WINTER ARRANGEMENT—Commencing Deo. 19,1358.— Leave New- York for EaUon and intermediate place*, from fopV of CovirUandt-ct., at3a.m., 12m..and;4;W)p.to. For,8oa>«r>accustomed every d a y to be courted a t d deferred toexpectation a n d a becoming mode, o f receivingjuad replying to Jjhfc Scmaio. These ddlicatetraite need skiDfal tfW$o«jb$A. them Hke those m^rksfromwhichSir<^«rB^»^|hirrepadlat<5dthe slander ofthePre'ender'sbirth,^rfigirtheFrenchKingtalkei ofproclaiminghim.DjvWallaceexplained-tooevi-thosewhoarecunonsiuthebehaviorofpalaces. dence<b»wirfromt$&ror%fe»allettersottheQuaeu tebolarmaybeaweil-bredman,orhemaynot.thfcticbiographer,hethinksthegreatestlossthatlitera-or three other person?, being incited thereto b y a desire tpposaess himself ofthemoney which theyoirried. He isevidently amanof deplorably imbrutedna- ture,uilituhkotodie;drlivo.him a plain English eilver watch i n hauling cases, t h e valueofwhich mightbeabout $118. Boththo.Watts bojahadwatchosalso,probablyofacheaperkind. It isnotlikely,however,thattheperpetratortookanyFrom Pier No. 2 North River, at 7:30 and 11:30 a. m. and 3:3*/ o\ forEaaton and Intermediate stations] for SocnetYlUe b y&ieabovetrainsandat-f:80p.in. ..«/.• The12mtrainfromfootofCoartlandt-st.,andthe11:86a.ra.fromIMer2N.R.aiaiteaolo»ecoimoctionat Eaatonvrlththa-LehiRbValleyRailroad,andthenceviaEastPennsylvania Rail-from tuebtickiajW wifa,wb&hmute il cleartohim thatthePiiatfeo/Wa**t;ss8»a,ba*r*rd. SirGodfrey iUeJUwwaapreeeat,havmg come down todrawtheenthuulaiitisintrodnoedto *"Various Binpanious of exciting tho allies to murdered,asfiemusthavebeentoogladtodestroythe PasaencersfortheDelaware, Luokawaana,and WeaterrtRaJl- The comeaga'iiwttneRepublic. Bathe,full of firmuesH theWarrenOyerandTerminer,onthe17thofAprill tracesofhisguiltbythrowingthebodiesoverboardas roadwillleaveNew-York at3a.m.fromfoot Conrtlandt»»t.,Wplaceunderadaiswiththelookofonewhoiathinking ofsomethingelse,andmanytholikeparticularstoturehasmet. Yethereisapieceofdignityoutofthe 'Romanhistoiyequaltothe,bcsV,anecdoteofoedtopolishedscholarsinsociety,I andheia.chilledbyfindinghiumelfinanotherelementUWiethe!it,willsucceedorfail,c.uinotatthutimebe7:80fromPier2N.K.only;forLehighValleyRailroadat8aad 12a.m.fromfootofConrtlaudt-st.,andat7:30and11:30a.nurou» Pier % N . tt. only.AThethirdo'tteaapttotryJa-sob8.Harden,indicted painstoabstractthewatchesfromthebodieswhen roadtoReadingwithoutchangeofcars,andcouneetaatkUa4-hM® Scipio. MaiensScanrns'wasaccuaedby.-rQumtaa fortberunrflcuofbiswifebypoison,willbemadeIn baiedireotlorPwtUvUleandUarrisburg.Bnt through this lustrous varnish the reality iaever ehiniug; it is hard to keep the What from breaking thr< ng i this painting of the Ho w. Tne core will conje^. to t>o"surface. overpower old manners and create new. and thethought ofthe present moment had a greater valuethanoithepast. OnpersonsofrealcharacterPROBABLEDOUBLEHOMICIDE.Arriveslwe do t o t rernara manners because of their inetautatier onsnc*<s. W e are surprised of 1he thing done. Nothing is more charming than to recognizeSun—Rises....3:53 I Sets fi:WiMoon—Sets.ness, it can make th e heart dance withjoy. The manners . of the eye reveil the accurate style which runs through ihe about eome trivial matter.. A ii^r.ie quarrel ensued, read in the newspapers, on Thursday morning, theMARINE JOUB2TAL.all the interior of the man, though our language is in- actions of this class of character." Peop.ea^d words finally led to blows, when a desperate fight facts then stated about the finding and bringing to theadequatetopainttaem. Whenathoughtstrikesus. masquerade before.us in their fortunes, tides, the eye is fixed, and remains gazing at a distance, ana olfice?, conventions, academic or civil, Presidents, orfollowed.The mffians hurled bot.fJes, tumblers, stools, audcityofanabandonedsloopwhichboreevidenceof•O F NEW-YORK •«>Cleared*manners is ehown. Novels are its literature. Novelsaroth6journalorrecordofmanners,andthenewim- "Oh!Iamkilled,"befelltothefloor,hisclothing portanceofthesebooks,thestrongerholdtheyhaveon Roonbeingsaturatedwiththeblood that flowed from th« reader of late jears derives from the iact that thedayhehadexhibitedtwobagscontainingmoney.Ore- of the men, John Burke, asked him what wasthe mattei1—what h a d happened 1 H e repl;ed, " this is prizemoneywhichhas just been paid to me foranLincoln.Taunton,master:O.K..Raymond, Bridgeport,mastery Helen, Lon». Mobile, N . H Brigbam.Sloop*—Gleaner. Cobxan, New Haven, master; Rhode Island,novelist begins to penetrate the surface and treat thisn.a-ter. Steamer—F., Pltrton.part oflife more worthily. Tho novels used to ba allwho, Jike terrie-s, conceive it to be due to a dog is natural magic—a mysterious communication estab- alike, and had a quite vulvar tone. The novelist used officers Thompson and Eagen, of the First P/ecincfc, abandoned sloop which I picked up lately." TheyCadwallader,Baltimore,W .DalzelL^ F o u r t e e n t h \ \of honor to growl at all passers by, and lishedacrossthe housebetween twoenirestrangers,to do the honors of the house to hark. and nioves allthesprings ofwonder. Communicationto lead us on to a .foolish interest in the fortunes of a hoy ard girl they described. The boy was to be raised from a humble to a high position. H e was in wantbaatened to the spot and arrested one William Donni- van, on a charge ofcutting and stabbing Keevinandthought the story was ralher extraordinary, but passedArrired. \'n\l, Portland,TION OKTEE H'*4 No. 42* Broome-st. .r. p. m. An Election ventions will be beimorning by corruption and groans. Come out of the of those who prefer their refreshments outside. Cakes of numerous kinds, endless assortments o f candy, a n dA FORTUN^TK TOWN —There are about 400 owners oflots in thePitofiVld. Mam,Om«*-ery,andrvoton* oflbpmhaa bad occaaon to u*e the ground f/»rth€ bnrial of any member ofhia fomtty daring the Whiter.• i S ) • ' i l lBUOOKLYS OITY COURT CALJENT>AR, Honday, March W .- Noa. 8, 53,27, 29, 80, 31, 34,35, 36, 37,1, 7, 38,40,4,42,44,4, 26,46.ous party. His son, a boy of seven or eight years,hadchaimedus,andIdressedhimoutbravelyinaLateintheafternoonarumorwassetafloat totalexportst"date1,547,000bale«. Receipt**tthisportahead! $f>®^»6'iX>.COKFEK6nn.atlli^12c;salesoftheweek7,000ithe greatest tang froid. Oneoftheparty named John Kecvin had hisabdomen ripped open sothathis intestines protruded, and ho fell to the floor bathed inthe sloop, who h a d murdered t h e captain a n d crew, and w h o h a d been seen o n board ofJeter when s h e ttruck the schooner. ^ J «bilt.Leievre,Havre,D.Torrance. , Ship^—Christiana. Monk. London. Grinnoll, MlytnrnfcCo-vStorm King.rallagban. San Fiancisco. W . T . Coliraum at Co. Br-iks—Act'.vo (NorwJ, Hopp, Cron*tadt Funcb & Welackef. Dido (Horn.), Ipland, Hamburg. Funsh & Meincke; Magnolia,his wound. , ' ' . • ' .At this time the cry of "murder " w as raised, whenRemington, Providence, master; Thomas Hull,Gorton, Bristol,I fcave seen menne;gh like a horse when youcon- by the glance.is in the greatest part not subjectf w7 at9pm.tradict them o r say something they do not qui e under-Bland. Then there is the persevering talker, who gives identity of nature. W e look into the eyes to know if jou hia society in. large saturating doses. Then the this or theother form isanother self. Theeyes cvilleupply him with one o r both. W e watch sympathet- ically, step by step, his climbing, until at last the point isgained, thewedding-day is fixed, andwefollowthe gala procession home t o t h e castle, when the doors a r eThe greatest excitement prevailed about the neigh- borhood, and notwithstanding, the lateness of the hour, in less than five minutes after the alarm two o r throssloop. They said that he, with hia wife and child, startedfromthecitybytheStonin^to'nboatthatsame.days.mdse.toNcsmithiinorts. Nodate,lat.4150,Ion.6030, spoke ship .lava, pfeeriu^ E. by S. . 18th inkt., off G»y Head, taok 1 iiotfrom boat J. D.Jcnes, No.15,SlDHBY SatTK, S»>CI<The Fiftceath meet on TUESDAY way, at li o'dotk, w of Delegatea to th Pellsopenfrom*:Bsjreateenth \V wpecisi meeting ot :•ax jollowing resolution w mateoaaly adepts i:Whtrtat, Our ais li H. Sewttd, has at yir forth for the Chief 3 a Preeidentisi eltctioRetoUtd, That th WardoftheCityo for the eminenttataii^«niYork'a favorite sou, ablecohsioeratiourof heldinChicago,aiitlDated New-Y ork,ROBBRTB. Bor;. «3ao. P. STTTsatAjrlHcvente«nth '. •Aeetion will be held IN©, the27th inst.. I . No. 169 East Hcusfl vsfo«K i district or' tht aad aiect two Deie**1'Assembly District*, j*. Jyraccse on tn« i S |»»,BBorn,C-1-• w i P. BrvitB"7tc-. -, i C 3Sitiers of themselves are a dangerous class. Thenlere ia the frivolous class—in short, every stripe o f ab- surdity.Thesearesocialmictionswhichthemagis-ralyhumanformshowthemselvesatthedoors,andBaik Terona. Cotter, Msracaibo March 5, coffee, hides, kc, t« afternoon, one of them having seen him on board Mnitland, Phnlp*. ii Co. Sailed in company with schrs. enchant- withhiswifeandchild,intheladies'saloon.Both i^f»sfandJRodcert,bothforNew-York,andbarkMarqnoriet*inhabitant is there. The angels that inhabit this tempo- trate eannot cure ordefend you .from, and which must the imps anddemons also. The revelitions are some-slammedinourfaceandthepoorreaderisleftoutside hundredpersonshad•oo^ect^daboutthespot.Criesointhecold,notenrichedbyeomuchasidea,andall "Lynchhim,""Hanghimtoalamppost,""Kill thesemenstatethathewasverypoor,hencetheiras- (Fr.),fcrjMorieiiles March10,lat1345.Jon.7410,wasinco.'be intrusted to the restraining force of custom and prov-erbs, and the familiar rules of behavior impressedupon the young people in their nurseiy and schooldays. In theWest, when you reach the M!wib3ippi csnee andsimplicity. Itisremarkable that the spirit Miver,youwillfindinthehotelstheyprintamongtho whichappearsatthewindowsofthehon«e.atouceparture for the East. nOn the strength of this information Officers Novins' N^w-YorJr.Bark Roanoke, Thompson, Pernambuco 30days, snjrarto Kirk-rules of the house, that no gentleman can be permi'.tad invests itself in a new form of its own to the mind of uIS to come to the table without his coat, and in the sims beholder. Eyes_ converse in their language a3 muchf principlereceivedbyusrauesus,onceforal,in'the atedmob.scale of being. A ll novtls are useful as Bibles ifknd &; Von Sacbs. Experienced beaw w«v»ithflr inside the Gulftothecontrol ofthewill, itisthebodilysymbolof Hinckley. of a wife and a castle, and the object of the s ory was tomighthavebeenforgotten,-but forthestory ofthe H.B.Cromwell&.Co.tonot l:e, but they make a faitliful confession of whattimes terrific. I h e confession of a low usurping devil is there made. The observer will eeem to feel the presence of home and hoofs where he looked for inno-because the whole fabric of the fiction is in thoex- bim," were loudly uttered, and the officers aboveternal fortunes of the hero. Batthevictoriesof named,wilhotherswhohadcomeup,wereobligedtocharacter,whentheyarepainted,areinstantaudvic-torious for all. Its greatness enlarges all. W e are use their clubs freely, in order to keep back the crowd,fortified by every heioic anecdote. A new and higher and save theprisoner from being billed by the infaii-with scbr. Matchless, of New-London. 12th, lat, 20, 03. )on.7<£ tonishment a t the appearance of so much money in his 42, was In compnpy with bark Dnmb«ri<!n, of Boston; 14'.1L lat.C4,Ion.744B,spokeshipH»nnabCrocker,ofNewYork,steering possessionsosuddenly,andhissubsequentabruptde- S.;lSUi,Jut.37,tawbarkHyperion,fromSt.John's,P.R.,farach yen that secret told in one novellately that it"1 ^ee*°^ ^ e *s conversation, and the iafelyto the First Ward Station-House, where he was ton, with a view to overtaking the fugitive. Since onnuri,Anderson, from Matanzas for New-York.bark Yu-againstthefuryofexpectoration. CharlasDickens oftheeyeisveryhardtocounterfeit. Yoacanread greatestsuccessisconfidence*orP£feotunderstanding lockedupbySergeantDenton. Thewoundedmen BripHomer(Br.,ofWindsor,N.S),Crane,Matanzas14days,attemptedtoundertakethereformationofoarAmeri- intheeyesofvonrcompanionwhileyoutalkwhether betweensincerepeople. ItieaJtreu!* wnraJjgM weretakentotheNew-YorkHospital. Theirwounds theirdeparturenopositiveiaformationbiasbeenre- sugartoWhitman,Bros.AtCo.canmanners. Ithink thelessonwasnotquite lost, aa that it held up bad manners so that the ehnrlBcouldseetheevil,althoughthebookitselfhadyour argument hits him,though histonguewill notifriendship,anddeservestobeanEnglishone. Noin.!.'*' but to understand themselves, rien des'entendre. The highestconductwecanmake withourfellowis,let&*T'#ero;3S doubtfulwhether£***character, anditis extremely"ceivedfromthem,althoughitcannot be doubtedthatthey areonhis trail, and will certainly effect the de-£cbr. Cerito (of Boston), Crowell, Jacmel 16 days, eoffee, log- wood und mabOg'ary to E . Bcch. 19th inst. off Cape S t Nico}» 3Iolf, spoke schr. E::cbantrcss. from Moraciibo forNew-Yor^. Sailed in company with schr Matchless, for New-Y «*•*•confess it. There isa look bywhich a mail showshe iscoirgtoeayagood thiDganda lookwhenhehasi11 mvvive M in uries S e V * -i «siredarrestinaveryshorttime. Itisalsostatedthathedeformities. They oughtnottoprintinareading taidit. Vainandforgotten areallthefineoffijeeof therebetruthbetweenustwoforevermore. Thatis eralotherpersonswerein>?^(3IBthefight,buttheir Johnsonandhiswifehad-gonetoProvidensewhere p r> -15 ,„.T^ ° --*ren), ScoSeidVAguadlUA.roundandsawthewindowwaaclosed,hiafacebe-requiredapropernoticeofsomerelicsofacterthatprefiguresheavenaodtheSaintson ations.Recentlyhecametothiscityandpurchasedconsiderabletimebygoinganindirectroute,notsuffi-are of a* wounds were n o t very serious.AKREST OF ANOTHER FUGITIVE.--James M. Cor- sliin, a n alleged fugitive from Fulton County, in this State, was arrested in this city last evening, b y Detec- tives Poole a n d Boacb, o n complaint of M r . David Spaulding, a merchant in the county above-named.the officers have followed.Since the aepavtnre of the officers from thd city, how ever, t h e carman w h o conveyed Johnson's bag- gage to the steamboat has turned up, aud corrects the statementofthetwo menfrom Cedarstreet, bysay- ing that he went on the Fall River boat from pier No.After hia fraudulent transactions he fled to Pennsylvania, andthere engagedinmercantileoper-Sohr. Louisa Francis, Kiggins, Georgetown, D. C , 4 days, floor to maatc-r. tSchr. Lynchburg. Harris, Richmond 5 days, flour and tobacc* toC.II.PicrsoniCo.Sohr.MaiinL.Hall,Lawrence,Ellzabetbport,coalforPoit- land.Schr Telegraph, Nickerson, Norfolk for Boston.Rrhr. Virgin Jtock, BariuUtfr, Virginia, oysters for Fairhsren."tUfcSDAY, Maichj• . TV . STJU'UIs•»ItaunKI~S CO, vriiX •NBA* E V Jhead.•HI m' " •Sebr. Eliza Phara, Cramer, Philade'pbia, coal.Scbr. G. B . Smith. Bugsbv. Virtinia, wood.Schr. Julia ii Frankliu, Aiieu. Virginia wood.Schr. Samuel Eddy, Eddy, Baltimore 5 days; coaLSchr. Bt-rgeu. McKee, Georgetown, D . C .,4 da^s. coeLSrhr. Sea Witch. Tyler, Philadelphia 3 days, coal.Schr. June E. Johuswu, Hunter, Philadelphia 3 days, co»L Stearoer Delaware, Cannon, Philadelphia, mdse. and pas* &*F. Perkins.Steamer Pelican. Aldricb, Providence, mdse. to Isaac OdeH- BELOW—Schr, Da^ale. Atwood, from Cieuluegos j also, oneship, one*bark, and four brigs.SAILED—From Quarantine, steamships Australasia, for Litr-A Srand M a jWorinegmen ef N« aic the Lynn Stni* * V E S D A Y EVXlVPER Of LvorJ «Y WAkCo1i ^ ••'. and aUdreas f * n kcted to a» fct«Cfci thy, Henry Heary Smith, Ttrn^• " ' I ' a a i asasjJslaasaasssBa i > • • •"f>. T h e ! KVER^EVENlrBardrfn^''chuI<t1 ^WaJt^fl* ^:"BOCJL?a.llON > o will t*e held on iin I*.' A . Benjamh toCTf gieat impot""Ss^BeTicaa IJ O.AY, M-xch-'tH 3u*-«t. and 4 " aw g." Ladies at AJomission iaais""'Colnwhia. C f - B f nc«cl lectured thek*w School ING NEXT, iiak«l: TheHe- History. -theCffui^^jl opaki tf the -«'c«l Mteeof alicietPColletla the Krem SP18ULEK•xmare (Brouiiw »K)NDA\.\Madcne de St* ,—'*Tae French jAfjiML MicheX 14o. 163 Bro<d|'.;•;A*Ve door.CROXJLfcBv,i /oojoa, Ch-.-.o, ,"• ytloelu Subjt^^JExhlhUioi;,,^ltJNlVEliSAL.1..jsWe«»enterta^^eaeatortnot kwvitedtoattai *a«e»Mstol-ehadbeenfound by the Harbor Police,thepublicex-paperswerealsoonhandtosketchtheconfusionof downU>tbewaysofMe«rn.SnttarandShigat&&4thereItper^iNJMVJ3ZM?IJK£ ** •***»pirtorially. T h e canal-boat, lying between the wharf and the sloop* constitutes a platform for the gazingn getting track of the murderer; that he w as re , rom the bn«ypart ofthat city,bad taken lodgings n a private houee, and would, beyond all doubt, b emultitude.new and pretty burnous and a red chachia embroidered, to t h e effect that t h e murderer h a d been a r - of lait Tear 441.500 b<i'<:n; ditto at all «outh»»ni porta 747.0COandyellowslippers. Thisevening hedidnotappear retted and brought to the city, and that Cap- balcH. Stock5)CCOObales. MotAMKSWftdSc FLOCHdu'hatAbouBekreaid,Myfriend, I havetriedtomokeyou "whereupon a great rnsb wasmade upon the dock RAiyT;woftT5, Ma^ch 33.—FLOCK Inbetter re<jn*«t; Howardhappy, and now I conic to ask of you a testimony of ^ogetaeignt of him, if possible, some of the multi- street $ 5 75. WHHAT firmer, ani advanced 2"a>3c; WMte 6 1 SSsoundly,hehadjust killedhimself byfallingfromthe him; buttheofficers succeeded in disabusing their MoniLK March 22.—COTTOK—Sales to-day top of the terrace. God willed it. Not to disturb lOl'SlOic. for Middlingformsonlyneedsnottodespisethem.$117,222 132.204 156,402" > • = " • .murder and robbery, they hastened to the Second- other missilep, at each other, but failing to effect any Ward Station-Houee, and anxiously inquired for Capt.PORTMARCH23.definite object by this apeciea of warfare, they came to •Weed, to whom they stated tliat they believed theyclosequaitcrs,anddrewknives,whichtheyusedwith knew,andhadseen,themanwhohadbeenonboard Co.; CityofBaltimore,Petiie,Liverpool,J.G.Dilo; Vandcr-it among the ordinary events of a day, aud the matterPnUpaco,mdse.a n dpnss.\ andSmithweredispatchedbythe11o'clocktrainon Stream.Bark Old Dominion, Johnston, Havana 15 daya, sugar toSchr. MaiiaJano, Jones. Peter-burg 10 days. Hour and tobacco 3 North River. The men accept the correction by say- to Von Brunt &. Slaght Has had heavy northerly tales.ing that the cai-man is right about the number of the pier,andthattheydidnotthink butwhat itwasthe pier from which t h e boat o f t h e Stonipgton Hue sailed. Accordingto.thiscorrection,theofficersmusthavelostwhomhehastopayhimrelf, andwhoseserviceshejsalone entitled to, are$4-10forone " beating," or$480per beating without a boy. Two ounces and eightpennyweights a r e given out for one beating, a n d t h eworkman is expected t o return 80 books (containing 17pennyweights) and 31 pennyweights of gold for re- sloop, and succeeded in lindiDg a clean linen coat and FORT LAFAYETTE, March 23, «n»«t.=4Brfp Baraj^rf-) i n defending himself. doomedman,thusfar,Bhowsnorealizingsenseofthei « A •nr a *VBostsn.CENTRAL R.\n,ROAD O F NEW-JERSEY—awfnlnessofthefate whichheissoontomeet, and,Cf *TM**W**? TM^*d al coroners alongthe J°ntitled Documcorta:nly foiCEeeu.Thomas M. Tryniski 309 South 4th Street Fulton New York 13069entwww.fultonhistory.comsoonushehaddinpo«*edoftheirlive*.i«ai »Below, bick Tcorra* Palleti, from PortoCabello.aysthathehadattimesmeditatedthomurderoftwoinforminghimthatthecaptainofthesloophadwithvlllebytheabovetraina,andatS:.i0p.m. .-,.«*-S*16J;]Red ^140^*145. Cony *te.ady -, White and. YellovrSteamships—Ma»ion. Foster. CbarJf.-ston. Spoffb'-d, TilestonieSchr.GeorgeW.Glover,Thomaa,Norfolk3days,corn,and SferhtcenrhW\ ^AhDREfUBLlIflourtoK,P.BuckitCo. eaaxtert,(EmiiKil» yHIGHLANDS, March 23, annset—One ship, one bark, and*.-'•'.,„,„tOBtbe departar JOHN O . STERNS, Supertutendeat •- 