 .,and W«t "of live* oft** t* receive mp-der tb*re n*xt ifaeocrarit!rich pasaed ** *250,(X» per:nato.the lat* Katie*.against abo*. i* the speostf.b ^ a m y m Utafc (a code of New- Jbere to whipLfuvu and the ratify the a*. BV substitute for«i*tuil» of which• sales of public V with&st inter* wt there*e«e not professed const*. ktead biQ, waae- morning at 9 .v a '{ijoruaeft iaS.\ se#siou of the •f treaties with.v*ri»us Indian whole E xocutiveril Appropriation >prehen«led, • b e t incepting t o t h e >superintend thewed its araend- i House, Tttdubc- 0 oer cen*v and ion. The* lobby?sed in spirits.*.eel a bill to-the* ident's M>-aajgje >rnia mails, via 'a::derbilt-*» lastHorace Chuck ud the bill w a s *srs. Vanderbilfc is for $400,000 :>mXew.OrleaimAstoria on the *tld bring up-tbe The Aoroinis-contract , e x - have urged thexwxe arrange-. iw'ssion.v IJON.>?: JH.;b Cunfren- d.yto oongjattt- A" candid wenrs. iMuglnsiandL • rout of. the De- et a single Statev trge part of thebe two electoral St. Douglas* nop affiliation pri- •.• >«i that suspicion ns to Tffu.se hi*rvxiip him fromc^aey have new ' that ao member President, j A n0 <ramiklafcd*to n ^ m i s e , by ifcafl- iate forthasex-.• •. r 'OLA?.. |4 :.isfhr. but' the raprnwive, ' l i e Glared for uoo-9GJUU*. IMr. UoiirfaJwa* i»al with t a j r a t *rat>-$ from^Ja- . ;wo-tbird* af a.^fmi« i>4, 2HS0.:*. Colfax, Chair- i*o*W>2Seea,and arising dbe Port- ly f«r j«k oceanX hud in© 3&atter f?*4ted, M J ..Sih*tr- *xtensitmofJthe *»e»i r.-j*. whi.-b.:'.v..*:.-:.iL:uivo«d -w*:i-rr would] notcould carry | the rut law, by.-iai- e route up £> a rvqt«»e<$K>jihro- t&&4 a sospeijoon ^•^oad rewui-rita-• • t*H^&*»Miedl>i*•rUi* diapac.jhs Mexican lacNd *w «ev«al. is-kb* ti*cPo»t-{rfl*gc probability ti^a aio tbo Hf-u>,i JO •<.j-'» oc» tn*it ^ab- *e &31woakJLaot <>&ihecLtiwelor•J s*-rvicr he re* '«'f th* t]u^ioo. h d.d iu tho* bilt ^Oiigr*t«a haVinjg » peateMs to taee to wxi;'fo« the tnextitrsaiopof^rrsdaslost. A a(i» rv5ora»«, Bt*--i»-wi Uank»- ut a achates of newa» ^ iMb;aae23,2860. j »terdaj for Con- runtiofl was theu meeting everi* aetrongoee, fcj i« State for lia-ias«23t MCA. 7"Ay Vtrgztc 'fit* brogicra Hard-i*% Ufid th».-o'.b*nr *FOUfiBAYSLATERFROMEUROPE.reportonthe.AtlanticMailcontracts,andurgesthehe- centy of reform an4 consequent retrenchment iu thewvhes.Outofrle^e^nc*1 p>tripfrco'-v'ctio'DBisurren ,tioBalantacronjpm,whichplacestbeUnionitselfini |mWV^^OVrkea havebveftclose to Use city.TheLonton_. .. h*>»*as> Tb«r»<Jay..—CONSOI.9 cl<wrd nt 3«'; rt^n for account, Times edi*orial»y r«riew« the recent cj.-diAic'e.'id- •Onr.wvlovcd tjouutry is threatened with a" fearful secand especially to those gcatkmen who may ha,v« di£».The Great Eastern, on her return voyage, will make Milford Haven her pert of call.Telegraphs from Vienna announce that a fall and of- ficial statement of tbe public debt of Austria is to be published.who clitig to it as something tliat can no longer be • Mr..Douglas's nomination creates great enthusiasm; w'rcFted from tlit;r bands: pt-liiical fossils, so much en- 100 guns were fired to-nigbt. ... •J^SW^E^K t>AXL? Tltt^ WFromBaliituore.Bpedcl Diapatcb to The N. T. Tribune.BAL TIMORE, iSaturday, June 23, I860.compensation which the South conli fihdih the tnea den, there to meet the Prince Regent of Prussia, and and spent the moat of the time till 3 in talk, the sUres,. geberalJy known as the Compromise measures, TheGapftuliatioiiatPalermo.O'lerGermanSovereigoR.Onthe14th,theEmperor,chiefpartofwhichwasinterjectedduring,thewa«thedo<tiineotnon-int«:r\ei.i.ioHineuaUuiae•.system.was to hold a grand military review, toiielebrate the annexation of-Savoy and Nice, which was to be for- mally accomplished tt at day.3AXDXSO OF THJE ©BEAT EASTEJRN A'T" 2>cwmwas to be wing in theCathedralof Norre Dame, and the publb edifices were to be illumi-FATHER PotKT, Jnno t>4. T^O, nated.Negotiations for a treaty of commerce betweenThe at«aj»*hip MeKta, cnantir^d fr«mi the C'I««rd France and Belgium were advancing. The import 'Company to take the pltre of the Canadian, left Liv«r- dnty on cast metal was to be reduced to 2 francs the pool at 3i p. zn. of the I3th, and called at Londonderry one hundred kilogrammes. The. dnty on glass was to14th, and passed this point fcnday, on her way to be abolished.Tbe Ctnirricr de Parix had received a first warningQuebec • for an article upon .the liberty of coalition by working The eteaaoabip Kangaroo M i Liverpool, and tbe men. . *Tfew-York sailed from Southampton on the 13th, It IBasserted that trade was never more dull iu Paris bound to Kew-York; and in the ProvirceB than at prfee'ni. "Accounts of the growing wheat-crops were unfavor- Tbe Oreat Eastern was to sail on tne 16th. »ble, and picdnced a further rise in the markets f>>rThe steamship Enropa, from Boston, via Halifax, breadamfia.arrived at Liverpool at 4:30 p. m. of the 10th. The Moniteur publishes an Imperial deeree promul-gating the treaty concluded with Sardinia for the ces- Tbe steamship Kangaroo, f'om New-York, arrived »ioh t.f Savoy and Nice. In a report which precedeste io;Yr<>perfcrme here toref-rtothe co * TheDouglasConventionmetthismorningat10, uponwhiohthosedecisionswerepredicated. TheonlyAJRBarVAI. OF THE MEL1TA.• ."FRANCE. — •The Emperor would leave Paris on the I5th. for Ba-at Liverpool at 6 a. m, of the lltb.The stearrtshTp Canadian, from Quebec, arrived at•Liverpool «>titbe afternoon of the r-ith. She made the passage across the Atlantic with one engine, the other having been disabled an *he van leaving QuebecTbe stetiDowhip Brazil, from New-York via St. John's, arrived at Oalway on the m'>n>ing of the 12th.The steamship Adriatic, from New-York, arrived at Southampton on tbe moraing of the 12th.The BW-amehip Anglo-Saxoo, ftvm Quebec, arrived a t Qneenntown on tbe morning of the 13th.The steamship Bavaria, from New-York, arrived at ^Southampton on the 14th.^ •THE SICILIAN INSURRECTION.The caprtolation was signed at Palermo on the 6th of-June.A Turin dispatch says ,of tbe terms of capitulation,that the Neapolitan troop* are to embark with their arms and baggage They are to encamp till their em- barkation, on Monte Pelagrind.The Fort of Castillamore has been1 placed in the keeping of the English Admiral until evacuation has been effected.A Naples* telegram, of the 10th, says the evacuation of Palermo by the Royal troops will terminate to- morrow. The troops which have aheadj commenced to arriict- at Naples have been dispatched toward(more and Oaeta.iWNeapolitan troops in Sicily will be concentratedin Storracru»e, Mes^ica, and Agooti. The Neapolitans wifi embark with arms and baggage.A Turin di.-parch says, that according to the terms of capitulation,the-Englishweretemporarilytooccupy•he prfmnlgation of the treaty, M. Thouyenel explainstbe exceptional character of tbe new acqmVitioa, andw»ysthe Imperial policy has not been directed by am- Then came more speaking, which grew wearisome, bitious thoughts; the acquisition has not been obtainedby force, but only by the gratitude and friendship of and when tbe Convention adjourns»d to dinner the tne sovereign*, increased, by the spontaneous and galleries had been. emptied an t the hall was far unanimous enthnt-iasm of the people.what consideraiions-that opinion of mine is predicated.What; is the question at issue 1\ On the one handNorthern Ab« lttionists claim intein-eotiou for the pur-pose of excluding Slavery from the Territories; on theother hand, Southern men claim interv>nrioo on thep a n o j Congress for the purpose of protecting Slaveryin the Territories. Now, l ask Southern gentlemenhere and elsewhere, are you seriouB ? When thebattle is thus drawn, when tbe lines are thus drawnout, when the whole strength of the North is- combinedwith the great strength on the part of the West to ex-clude. Slavery from the Territories?, are you,, my the parallel of 50° north latitude, which it. cros friends of the* South, in earnest when iy;ou ask to sub-the forts of Palermo, for reason •>not known.. clause, however, has not been put into execution.ThisThe moon's shadow, could it fall perpehdicah. Ivonthesurfaceoftheearth,wouldformacircleof7|E)|milesin diameter: but as it passes over the northerrjjjf^erge ceoiiigfrom the Convention to insult the majority or toIt is stated that tbe Neapolitan Government had de- cided npen concentrating all the military forces at Syra- cuse and Messina, because by preucrviug these strong positions it still hopes to appear in the eves of Europe master of Sicily.Garibaldi is said to have appointed a ProvisionalGovernment, with Baron Raine Minister of ForeignBai/i istoKE, Suturday, Jnue:33/1860.When'.the State of .Louisiana w:ir* called, the Hon. and of State equality; him who, id that gr-eatand mem-of the earth, it will form an ellipse,'variously eljand distorted, according to the inclination of 11face and the direction of the central path. :< Whwestern tdge of the shadow touches Astoria, ij.ern edge will reach a point 450 miles eastwardlyceiitraT track, nearly to the crest of th«> Rock^tams. The transverse diameter will then bje140 miles. Where it pa>s-s the neighborhood ijimpugn the action of tlie Conventiyn, l>ecause amiji>rit3y pate on the credentials of those churning seat* u. the. Convention.Mr. Calawell assured the Convention that he hid no knowledge oi the contents of the paper just reidi It bad been handed to him wh.le on the floor, Tsie.other papers would be found perfectly respeevful iu language and .ten.per.Affair?;Crwpi,intheHomeOfficeand•Finances;Or-thegtntJtmanproeeedtdasfollows: Ij—himwhohasvindicatedthetightsoftheSouthso Mr. President, I am appalled, truiv appalled, by the victoriously againt his infuriated opponents, him who expectations, v%bich the welcome, which liasjust been will yet enable us to triumph over the enemies of the extended to.me seems t<> signify. 1am the l.n>r,man in South, the Black Republicans,who are arrayed againsttralrath,butelongated00to70mileson ea||reports that not only was the trade more depressed than Religions Worship. of depresi ion had not been reached.sini, Minister of War, and Abbe Coligni, Minister of at any earlier portion of the year, but the lowest statethe sun will be f'ta'ty eciips>-d'.4;||fhouses were burned by the Neapolitans in only one quarter of U e town, as well as several convents at toe momem of retreat. Women and childisn, who soughtto escape from the burning hous s were killed. •trespast long upon your kindness aod yonr attention. But afew rtnivrks'fjom me will lay. the foundationAT "BOSTON.-. V-.t *•/, BOSTON, June 24, I860.Ore hundred guns were fired on the announcement'digits represent, the central width of the sun's Ijiiniuous Mr. Krum of Missouri hoped that the paper would crescent in twelftlis of his diameter, at the moment 'of be received. He desired to defend and justify ttjie ac-greatest obscuration.. . . :--!ril tion of this Convention on the stump, aud this paper ABtin* central 'track crosses the great thor3ujscg|are of wi.s tbe best argument against the seceders. , :'.ias, and then abandoned. Garibaldih*sisenedadecreecallingallSicilians,toarms, between tbe age* of 17.and 50-' Fifty vessels of war were in tbe Roads of Palermo.Tbe €ty*&Hm€ Itetiiwutti gr*es a rumor that France had, with tie.consent of Piedmont, accepted the medi- ation proposed by Naples. The conditions of media- tion are a liberal Constitution for Naples, a separate Government for Sicily, under a Prince of the House of Bourbon, subject to the condition that the Sicilians give their censent.Fr-nch firm was immediately paid. The debt was initiatory of (he acta which you have witnessed on this satisfaction by the mass of the .party. There wnI be The distances mentioned above are in Statute; miles; were incontrovertible, and believing them tru.?, heThe Directors of the National Bank of England It is reported that Mazzini had embarked' for Sicily. announced a half-yearly dividend at the rate of 8 perin. Here were five delegates from Kentucky^ wno in-The Sar&man Governmei>t had ordered all their cent, payable 12th July.It is understood -than Garibaldi will not undertaker>et, and all authorities along the coast, to apprehend anything in Sicily for some days-to come, lie is organ-thrown into t'-e canvas?, and was. before the neople. profusipu from different parte of the city. Boufires thepneumogastric. As in the case of the hijart, also, tended to redeem and jeave that Sta*e. They roct>gnizeInvead of bringing a Candidate to oppose hi.n, instead Were burned, and other demonstrations of joy were the arrestment of movement is rapidly brought about this Conveationae tbe only Convention of the National of creating before the people issues upon which the- kept up rhl a late hour. A ratification meeting will be Democratic party. They'will have no seetiooalkrn of•him,ifpossible.A. Naples dispatch of the 9th says the promulgation of constitution, framed similar to that of France, was expected shortly.Garibaldi had addressed a letter to Signor Bertini, authorizing him to make advances or negotiate a loan for Sicily, or to contract any debt,, and adds that he has at Sicily immense means to sntirffy all claims.A Ntapolitan Envoy was on his way to Paris andizinghisreserves.The Port says there is no truth in the rumor thatFrance is about to send a corps of observation to the Swiss frontier.The Times (City Article), da*ed.,Wednesdav even- ing, says the English funds optned|with a rather bet- ter appearance this morning, and cloged at an improve- ment of i, which is rather a feeble response to the buoyant movement on the Paris Bourse. Political rumois with regard to Sicily and Germany, coupled with the manifesto of Prince GortschakofT on the Turkish question, are considered to strengthen tbe be-choceofthenationcouldoeenlightentd,insteadofeJhwanextweek. ;. •'-* pi inripl* s discussed, wh»t have we seen ?- An unre-•'..«—rapidly,butafteraperceptibleinterval-sandthe theNorthortheSouth.,outwillstandheroasapillarLondon. / lief that no new European war is oeBirt-d by France Count AquOa, uncle of the King of Naples, -was in I860, but are far from having, any effect*iu causingstrongly urging the adoption of an Italian policy and a the future to be regarded with increased confidence.affected by galvanizing either the large or small sym- up to the support Of the nouunee of tins Conv4uthmliberal Constitution for the government of Naples.GREAT BRITAIN.In the discount .market to-d y the demand hai be inlees active. The Bank bonght £5,000 iu gold to-day.A.correspondent of The London T'nncs said it is onlywhen the PrinceRegent was assured that the Euoperorare'confirmed by Dr. Brown-Sequard, who ah»o shows name of Mr. Guthrie ftorn oelore the Convention, bat that Dr. SifH failed to obtain the same results as Dr.; he (Reed) on his part begged to preeent that nameI n tbe House of Commons on the 11th inst., Lord wished to make a special communication to htm thatJohn RUIKW announced *that, as there was but very he agreed to the interview on the part of the Em- little pr^peet ©f the Reform Bill being passed this ses-sion, the Government, with the view of preventing peror. • _ .that stoim they are bound eventually to sink and dis- aj pear. [Loud applause.] Ft r it. isidle for Southern men to disguise tbe true object'of that movement. Se- cet.Bion from-the Democratic party'can be nothing elseastion of the galvanic current to the portaon-ot" nerve experimented upon.Mr. Clark of Missouri desired to say that be would announce the action d the Mh^oouri delegation aiier consuttuation. • '-•' &*? ' ' \ ":•' ty*^*$$8-12thcloseda t68f. 55c.The Bourse was animated, and the Rentes on thefrom full. The 8eceders met at twelve, made a preliminary .organization, with Mr. Russell of Vir- ginia in tbe chair, and adjourned -TO5 p. m.constitute the majority in your Congress? only thing left of the Convention is the conviction There is hot a paper in the South whichthat the Democratic party in dead and buried, and isnot teeming with denunciations that Congress hasITALY. /; The Sardinian Senate-had aporoved the treaty cedingSavoy and N;ce by a vote of 92 against 10.The evacuation "of Ttalv by the French troops was completed. Marshal Vailliaht was'1 expected in Turinon the. 12th.Itwagsiated that fresh bandsofinsurgents weremenacir>g the frontier of the Roman States, and La- inoricidre had sent additional troops there.The financial condition of the Papal Oovernment continued v« y unsatisfactory,'and an official decree extends the tnxe f.»r closing the subwjripLions to the new loan, untd the 15th July.AUSTRIA.The Austrian Government had resolved npon increas-ing the effective strength of the second *rmy in Venetia, and a corps of cavalry is also 'to be collected ia the- Italian Tyrol, that part of the Austrian territory near-. est to Loinbardy.The Witntr Zeitung contains a decree ordering that the stfediholdership of Hungary shall come into effect on tbe 1st of July, at which period the five existing departments of the Central Government, which were intruBted with the administration of Hungary, are to be abolished.Ion. 112° 45' W . In eleven minutes more it readvicesbefore coming to a final determination.The iftoiifessRm of 38ev. Mr. Harden.hS TKENTON, Saturday, June 23, 1860. Wehaveroliahleinformation,hersthatHardenhas made a confession of having poisoned his wife, showingcould not bl»n:e the Ministry for the course they have twenty-five years. The Loudon Temes adds: cy, tlien no loiger /could this Jtepublic boast S. Harden for one week/Ond a day^ bringing it to Fri- taken. Hettustedthattbepublicwould firmly declare Our"present expenditureisenormous; andwe,must tnat tbe structureW h i c h our fathers erected with day, the 6th day of July.what it expocu-d beforet.be next eeKiion, and promised escape m one way or another. Simply to disband and so much sacrilJce and so much toil was a noble experi-that the bill would be received in a fairer manner by disarm might inspire contempt, ana so provoke ag- ment. Secession mustbeget disunion.' Upon what pre-the Honse. gression. A gratuitous war is at best a dangerous tense must secession hnve been predicted? I will not do Mr. Bright also entered into a defense of the com- speculation. Thes** lortihVnt.ions msy enable ft moder- those distinguished gentlemen who s'.epped out of this; mbeenonrlottorecordmalongtimewaifmadelast isneceseary. •#&'>..£&•?.<$pm4l). •..• further waste of time, was. reluctantly compelled to The London Times says the. Government will pro-•withdiaw the measure. He promised to bring for ward pose to commence the fortifications and other works of than a disruption of that party at the very momentMr. King of Missouri hoped that la« coHaague would A DIABOLICAL ACT.—One of the moist nebduth.at* say a part of th© Misaoan deieg«*ion, bocamw\some tempts at the destruction of human life which it has here do not wish the idea to go forth that consultationanewbillattheearliestopportunityatthenextses-defenseimmediately;,andtheCommissionershave whenthebopteofthewholenutiouareVanging"up:>nsion. pointed; out how they may be available for defense inthree or four months, even while far short of com-Mr. Disraeltcongratulated the Government on the pletion. I t is-intended to-raise the money by termina--withdrawal of the bill, and even Mr. Bright said henight on the New-York Central Railroad, as the light- Mr. Clark of Missouri said that such was the- fact. equalwsL '•>•..'-•'•' ;'-:'-;::-'V-'mercial treaty with France, and protested against the misrepret'entatiofc of The Times upon the subject. He predicted tbe most beneficiHl re*ufts from the treaty.had been directed to station a s!oop-of-war at Messina, prepare the wav for a B'iU more formidable appropria- guind. Whether deluded Or nor, they tire tools iu the arrest. •' . . - . > - ,On the 12th, in the Counnous, Lord Palmers-'on etated that, in order to afford shelter to persons claim-another at Marsala, another at Palermo, and four inthe Bav of Naples. He understood that an envoy plsUsiblc pJreteXtS.was on'his wav from Naples to 1'aris and London, and PAKXS, Thursday.—The Moniteur of thin morning,. first baSotiog, everybody called upon to vote beingallowed to make a speech. It tamed out that atour hands,,and the South accepted the compromise there were 190 electoral votes represented. Of and the compromise became the l a w of thenation, certainly of the pariy, .as l«r as these Douglas received 173. By a little doctoring th« question of" Slavery.'w*s concerned. ;T am•The same journal also publishes a decree, granting 'he 1otels. The romiiation of the seceding Conten-utes p. m'., local time. • The central eclipse, a pintfor the effect of refraction, will cross the earth's.1 ihin- Tbe latter paper was read first, and after it had jbeento the Central Louiburdo-Veuetiah Congregation a de- cisive right to a deliberate vote upon all matters except such questions as affect the rights of the Government.SPAIN.tn the Cortes; the Pregreesta party had proposedamendments to the address :n reference to the qnesion foncernixg tbe amnesty, and the law decreeing.the banishment of the family of Don Carlos. They were rejected, 200 against 26.,'. AUSTRALIA.Tlie mails from Melbourne 24th of April had reachedEngland. The political and general news is unimport- ant. The shipment* of gold (since the previous mailtion wss tet-dertd to Mr. Guthrie's friends as well as to Mr* Hunter's, but both candidates declined."- It is undertto< d thai. Mr. Breckinridge will awsepiA challenge has been sent by A. Smith of Ciliforhia to.Mr.Ne<-hiitofJl,iuoi«,who wasthedelegatewho declared in the Convention,' dm'ing Mr, Stuith's ofi'eu- rit-e remark?, that if Mr. Gushing, the ['resident, would not protect the members tney would protect thear- M-lve^.A large number of p<rsors went -to Washington to- day, both tie friends of Breckinridge and Douglas. Most of the JNTew-York delegat'oa return to-night.3 hours and 2 minutes.jread, Mr. Pame of Ohio mov»-dro return tne paper im- mediately to the gentleman who presented it, 'wtr.h tbe intimation that the'.Convention decliue to receive it.Cries of li Yes! ' '• Yes!" 4i That s rigMt!' j .! Mr.Painedidnotrecognizetherightofdelegatesse-and stretehing of the delegations, they got up to 198 votes on a second ball t, of which Douglas re- ceived 181.Finding there was no such thing as getting two-thirds of the electoral college, they cut the knotsurprised at tlie extreme" sensitiveness exhibited by men of the South at this day upon that question of non- intervention. John C. Calhoun, when the famous compromise tendered by Mr. Claytoti of Delaware wysheing discussed in the United States Senare—Jo'm Calhoun.cosiBidered that the proffer to-place in. the handB of our Federal tribunal the question of; th« ex- tent of power in the Territories was to the South asuf-THE ORE A T ECLIPSE,• To the Editor of Th* A". Y. Tribune.OF <JULY~ 1B B E C K I N R I D < i £ A W 0 L A W K .LETTER FROM DOHJOL.ASBAL TIMORE, Saturday, June 23^18^60. The Theater is again crowded to-aay.The Douglas delegates from Louisiana and Ala- bama have taken seats.Prayer was delivered by the Rev. Mr, Cumi"Mr. Dodge of Iowa moved to dispense with tho reading of the jonnuL Agreed to.Mr. Garrett of Alabama moved ro have the naaiei of the d«legates from Alabama corrected according1 to the list sent up. IMr. Caldwell of Kentucky, stated that afti-T the witldrawal of the delecration last evening, the/ fosW a m»eting, and reaf-senbled again this morning. The circumstances in which tney were placed were ex- ceedingly embarrassing, and they were unable no cone to a harmonious conclusion. Toe result is that ton delegates will withdraw from the Convention,and nine remain.Those that withdraw beg leave to submitstating their reasons for withdrawal. Five otheijs de- sire*!or the present to suspend aution with the Conven- tion, without takir g part in any other body. !'Iq sos-. pen ding their action with the Convention they hope there may yet arise a»r opportunity to act harmonious- ly with the Convention, and therefore retain pwir seatsandtberighttoactwiththeConvention,]should such an opportunity arise.It is the wish of the ten that withdraw, and obey re- quest, that their votes may not be cast .by any other party. The action on their pact has been taken with- out, anger or bitterness, and in the deepest, sorrow. They do not cast .censme auywherr; it was pot for them the right to ques^on the action of any independ-and declared Douglas t'onnnated unanimously byacclamation. Thereupon two-banners were iatro ticient giiaranty to make accessible the compromiseSIR: I suppose many of your readers will be eqjjjinterested with mjself in the following particduced into The hall—one declaring Pennsylvania good for 40,000 m-jority for Douglas, and the other flag of the K-yetone Glub, flurg fxom the ga leries, where a band of music had come. The laiter struck up a tune, and the crowd above and beow shouted and waved hats and handkerchiefs.Southern race need not fear* to stand. [Applause.] res ecting the coming eclipse.I have said in the very unconnected remarks that Ihave had the honor to submit to you that recession The center of tbe eclipse—that is, the center oimeant disunion, and I will go on h>>w to show upon moon's shadow—will first touch the earth's diik i34 minutes past 4 o'clock, or 54 minuteB past noon at Greenwich. As the #badow comes, up the precipitous side of the earth, in three minutes the moment of its entrance, it makes a stride of 1: than 650 miles, passing directly over Astoria, andj a gentle easterly curve, north-easterly through ington Tcnito'rv, across the Rocky Mountain)BAL TIMORE, June 24, 18SQ.mit the protection of vour property to. the keeping of Ballimore is emptied of the belligerents. The . such menus may he sent from the North and West topoint near the south-western shore of Hudson's ; .ni'lat.'56045/. Wiih lessening; speed, in 19 mil: more it will have crossed Hudson's Bay and the'thatAbrahamLincolnwill hethe next President.. The Republican candidate ,f<»r Vice-President passed through the. city this- evening on his way North, and will reach New-York to-morrow morn-ing.The actual relative strength of- regular delegatesin the two Conventions was about 175 in the Doug-becomearottenhod>—thatthemajori-yinbothHouses is, in heart, .to.-all intents and purposes^ opposed to Slavery; and yet these men, who set up the pretension ot being the exclusive friends of Slavery at the South, ask that- the protection of Slavery shall be put in the .keeping of that veiv power which is .represented as being bent upon its destruction. [Applause.] I say, whatever he the views they take Of the manner in which that, power might eventually he exerted, from the moment that the power, is recognized as existing in Concrees,.from that moment there is not a Southern heart which does not bc*t to the conviction that Slavery is gone. And if that should be the ultimatum oftheissue istheSoulh now ready for it? Have they pTCpared their armor 1 Are they ready for the battle ? Sirs, they aye hot, and.the reasons" are very obvious. The gentlemen who have aecedt-d from this Convention know tnat the manners of their people at home will not respond to the call which they have made upon them, and the best proof of it is that in no State whose delegations have seceded, did the secedej-s callaiair Conventionof the people toputtothetest the innovation which they "have attempted. [Ap- plause.] I perceive that I have detained the Conven- tion longer than I have intended—(cries of " Go on," "Goon']—and.myownstrengthisnearlyexhausted. Mr. President, though Louisiana iB mindful Of what she owesto her sisters of the South, and is ever ready to act in concert with them when ac.ual oppression shall call for 'actual resistance', still Louisiana is unwilling to risk her future, .and the future of this Union, upon impracticable issues and purely theo- retical abstractions. [Applause:] She cannot be so far oblivious of tbe vast and recent services to disown thatland of northern Labrador, and arrive hearCbidley, its northern terminus, latv59° 3ry. Tslightly northof ea»t,itsweepsoff intothenorfocean with a velocity of 35 miles per minutejlalmost touches the 60th parallel of latitude. :.Tgently curving southwardly, in 23] minntfJIat rives at a point 96 miles southerly of Cape Fariin lat. 41° 30' W ., and with an increasing: souf^curve, in 42 minpt.es more recrosses the 50th parallel oflatitude in Ion. 16° W ., at 1 o'clock 31 minutes nJjbi.,local time at that epot. Thence passing southeasterly ent Sovereignty. J&ut it was felt to oe their datyj andlas, and 125 in the Southern. Fo the Associated Press.•into the Bay of Biscay, in 23 minutes more it strikesthe northern coast, of Spain, in Ion. 5° W ., at .2 Iwlnrs39 minutes p. m.. local time. It will he 12 miuutws incrosf-ing the Peninsula.leaving its southern shojrjfl inlat. 39°"40'. Croesmg the Mediterranean .SeajjW:.10minutes, it will reach the African shore in lon|j 4-: E. from those who withdrew and those: who suspend. ac-. B AI.T i Moi:K, .1itbe 24', 1860. Mr. Douglas's vote on the firtt ballot was i~'6l, andon ihe second ballot, 181 i..The nonina ione of both the Democratic acd eeced-ers Conventions v ere -received well here by their re- spective friends, but nil the out&iiie eutoufd«sm is for Douglus. There, was much excitement hist night about; tion, and also a communication from the Hon.J[ James Thence rassing southeasterly, in 38£ minutes raorL' itfearless and indomitable champion of popular rights Pierre Soule r<se, and was received with enthusiastic orable struggle which in his own State initiated thatland, into the'Bay of Biscay, "and through SpatheMr. Paine moved that the paper be handed back to Mr. Saylesof Rhode Island hoped the motion vrouldprevail."ThepaperwasadirectinsulttotheCon-, vention as impugning the Convention, and.a direct in- sult also to the-Dbughtt Deb-gates who had taken:se*tawe-e 92.000 ounces^The MeH>onrne correppondent of Th*> London Times cheers and applause. After silence had been restored, war which has been waged against him so unrelenting-shadow will form an ellipt-e 75 miles wide on | | ceu- its author. IOn a map of North America, eleven lines;i|lrawn in the Convention. JHetrusted that the p»pe.r would It ispositively asserted that Garibaldi f rand £960,000 At Sydney busmesa had been much depressed, and ibis Convention from whom,anyth*ng cieservhig these us. Louisiana casts her entire vote for Stephen A parallel to, and South of the Central track, at iatervals he instyntly sepJirated from the others and returned toThe. Melborne Herald takes a more cheerful view.sterling in the coffers of the Treasury.. considerable failures had taken place. More confidence, t« anifeSTaiions could be expecied.; and it is at once with Douglas of Illinois. [Vociferous cheers and applause.]The'damage done by the bombardment at Palermo, however prevailed at the close. ••>. a deep feeling of grant tide .for what kindness there was immense. Toe treasmy was destroyed. At New-Zealand, serious collisions had taken place was in them, and of great dfndenee that I attempt tobetween tbe nativts aud the British troops at .Zenrau- address you on this mot-t solemn, most momentous, Tbe Neapolitans committed great atrocities. 300 aka. Several engagements, with Joes of life, particu- occasion, Bfe not •alraid, however, that I shallof 200 miles,.will indicate nearly the points wt| ina the. the writer." He acquitted Mr Caldwell of all Iciiow^sun will he 11, 10, 9? <Scc., digits eclipsed. M Similar hdge of the contents of the paper, and felt certanji tuat spaces onthe Atlantic Ocean and in Western; JEnrope he would not have presented it if he baa knovm itsThe Nomination of Mr. H>ongIan. will mdicate nc-irly .similar phases. The u«c|cli.psed true character.larly on the side of the natives, had taken place.WEST COAST OF AFRICA.The May mails from the various ports of the west body. I have, not been at all discouraged bycoast of Africa had reached- England. There was no tie" emotion which Irrs been attempted to modilied bv the split in the party.The Carini Palace was racked and burned. As they -news of imporv«nce. . . be created in this body by 'those who have seceded retired, the soldiers set fire to all thm hous * in thtir A French ftigate had threatened to bombard the from it. W e from the furthest South were prepared. way. Catania' was given up to pillage by the Roy al- town of Bonny, unless a debt of long standing to a W e had heard around us the minors which were to beportunit.y will be furnished to those who mayijjne mak- Mr. Richardson of Illinois suggested that the reading ing the passage, and may happen to be within the lim- of the other papers be completed first.its of ihe moon's shadow, for observing phtlubmena Mr. Lech of Kentucky declaimed any intention topaid. TradewasverybriskatSierraLeone,butatmostother places it was dull. Cotton was being cultivated on the Gold Coast.day, and we kr.ew that conspiracy which had been no split of any consequence in this Saate on the nomin-rLtbe hours and nvnutes indicate mean time,. , |ml ^ shad stated them plainly, but wiUiout any intent to ineultthe'Convention..^ "", V Jp :,The reception of tbe paper was unanimously, declined, and it was returned to the writer. , ';%LATEST—VIA LONDoNI>EIUIY.•/.]• LONDON, June 14.fng to Dr. linger, the effect of g^vanrringjjajportion xaf the .spinal coxdV or the grand sympatheticnerves, is to put a stop to the peristaltic movjexqents of country is weary of them.the small intestines. On galvanizing one epfjof the Mr. Reed of Kentucky, on the part of a portion of the grand sympathetics, peristaltic movement i? {arrested Kentucky delegation, declared that they had seen no•.iwwwtendered, and where Mr. Calhoun could stand, afor the vote which I shad cast for "the noble Stare, of the nomination of Mr. Douglas. The nomination iswhich 1 have the honor in part to represent in this- well received', but the enthusiasm of the Democracy is European and American commerce, an interesting opbroodirgformonthspastwouldbreakoutonthisoc- ation. Aratificationmeeting-willtake,placeTuesday casion and for the purposes which are obvious to every . night on the return of'the delegates. Thirty-three guns,JS7.Antiiony,Miorje«biB.. . MOSISJSPU^J^EC PECLXIARITIES OF THE NEKVOCS SYSTEM^member. Sirs, there HJ-Cin poli'ieiiSr^Sp^^nv($^were.<;! w/;re^r*d tc-mght. ' . . / ; ; ; ,..-,-y. :ronce honored oy popular favor'and consider that tlib - . ^ ...«.;:••-'.: " : A T DOVER, N. IL -'favor has become tothem an innlirnaWe property, and DOVEK, N. H., Saturday, June 23,1860.Mr. West of Connecticut culled for the question on proceeding to ballot for candidates. This is the sixth day of the, proceedings of this Convention, and the,; #5S**fc::vyr.5.I860.<minent peril. This antagonism isproduced by the mm abide by ydnr^wn decisionK. and perhaps- it- may not- 'in one section of the'Umori to use the Federal Gof«m-ment for the puipose of restricting and abolish jugpeople true."]Theultramenineach•sectiondemand greesional interference upon thesu^jectm the tones. They agree in respect to the power and diPhiladelphia Stock Board. "'•' „• PHILABELPHIA, SatnrdayvJune 23, 1Stocks firm. Pennsylvania State Fives, 96Jb ing Railroad \ 20|; Morris Canal, 54\; Long I Railroad, 12i; Pennsylvania Railroad, 38|. • ,i'Sight Exchange on'New-Tork at par.dered. We considered that we were in duty bound'toThat was the only hopn offered to us in thono d»y- a-ma compensation for the great sacrifice which was askedlenting war against the individual presumed to be thefavorite of the nuiion—fapplause]-a war wagedby an army of unprincipled and unscrupulous poli-ticians, leagued with » power Which could not ho ex-erted on their side without, disgracing itself, and dis- ^by'Srethis afrernoon and completely gutted. The val-gracing the.nation. [Renewed applause.] When this u-vbl^ altar paint.ingof tbe Crucifixion alone was saved. Convention assembled at Cburltston the idea had not LOM£ahout§25.000;' insurance, $10 060. The fire wasyci. strnt-k their ninds that a movement of the nature' cJtueedhy^^^chaser"or " double-header.'*of the one whish has been effected could be based upon mthe doctrines of the r-istiuguished great leader fromAlaban^a, Mr. Yancty, who has fathered this secession. 7 !f»e^e&Boond Convention;It was •presumed by these political intrigues outside , Ricrwbsn,Ta., Saturday, June 23, 3860.of the Conven»iyn,who were tuaheuveriog r.be measure The Democratic,delegates in this city, af'er caucas-throng'- by which the destruction/ of the Democratic siagall day relative to going to Baltimore, reipsetnbl«dpuny waste be eff«-cted; it was presumed by them «U6 ovclocK t'-is evening, and adjourned till Monday..that it wc uld .be he in theii- power after rais- They are stall decidedly opposed to going to Baltimore, Pfluger, because he did not take care, tojJhhit the agarn.^ . . I .. , , ' ".^'^ |' ing tbe storm to master, and guide it; but it will be edBs'idtaoi'gaa the Convention adjourned to meet here,"four d before forty-eight hours have elapsed that in it; should do so. Tney, therefore,, await further ad-hands of pohticians, and out uf the bauds of the present vanizing the lesser sympathetic nerves, andj that the Administration, [immense applause, oontUmed forGovernment would not; hesitate to express to him contains several .deCiees regulating the customs, ad-those feeling* with which they, in common with every ministration and military organization' of Sarpy mid 'Sirs, it is said 'hat. thev carry with them out of this land, put b&ck, waterlogged. She had b*ea aehore W shock, and occasioned no damage, even to the cow- Cries of " Question," '* question."person throughout the country, had regarded the bar- Nice. Convention, the syhipSthies of the South. Believe it North Head.'......•,-.;..•.-'. •*•* -, • catcher, .:•• ' • :j. .'•: ' ' Mr. Cooper, of Tennestsee rose to a question of Upon examination, it was found that a'largd' pile of legss, and » scene of excitement fnsueu. JJe*^«.iAccording to a project of Jaw which haa been sub- not. [Renewed applause]. Believe knot; andThave mitted to tne Coipo Legislatif, Savoy will form two in my own experience of ibev p«st, certain strong rea- Depart oients. sons "why I car not bring myself to the supposition thatthe Two Sicilies'to tbe Neapolitan crown, but Austria hadperemptorilyrefusedtointerfere,andtherewas every reason to beheve that tbe Frtuch Government bad arrived at a similar det«rminatioo. It was unne-barities perpetrated a t Palermo, which were really a disgrace, to the present age.Keystone Cluh. PHIT.ADEUHIA, June 24, I860.ties had been placed across the traek by some fiend or reply to Mrr,. <one-i, t»ni the latter disclaimed tstuy fields, with the horrid design of overwhelming the sion to Mr, Cooper, »i»d th*' Convention d owned train and all its living freight with instantanjaous de- •voices in cries of" question, " " qnrsuon.f> ..-:l i e behvved that the Government of Naples had ap-pealed to it* foreign allies to gu*rantee j>oe8ession of Ti'itiK, June 13.—Marshal Vaillnnt is expected here. that movement, and I will briefly lay taem before you.knots, the a ««rag«being 12* knot*.Tbe very fonl state of the vessel'* bottom, and thefact that her ?trim. was anyt-'»i«g but favorable for st^dacconnted, in a measnm, for the diurinnuon from the rate attained last year. There waa some dnncnity, however in getting the full auH*iuvof steam, and the revoluiioos of the Baddies and screw never exceeded l»l -and 39 respectivery. wbiH« is corieiderably below.32/6; Yeilow. 82/K^ai'; W'WHi.84/. into the Union organized bv tne military forces of the IJIVKBFOOI. PHOVISION *IAKKL:T—Beef quiet; Pork Federal Government—hnt her en«rance into tbe Unionmore Convention delegates, who were accompttnied by the Gieat Wes'ernBand, and came by a special train. Tliey impaired to tne residenca of Mr. Douglas, and"Valley, California. The news reached tbjtaplace by the way of Lancaster. We learn that the fathor-iu- law ol Judge C , who lives near Lancaate^, received a letter purporting, to have been written by! a former resident of that plae"e, stating that the Judge- was killed during an attack made by a large body of Indians on some troops, with which he was iu compiittyithe nnrnbeTsatntmed at the previous trials. r h e s i i p - TAIXOW 52/,. ,LfNsKKi> Oit.23/3. IKON—Scotch Pi« dalf.ing from tb*-ir position. Disowning every effort wehad made to maintain our rights, and, let me say itwith sorrow, dragging us into the very gutter for thevery devotiop u e had anown them. A»vd why did tbeSouth do this ?' There i* no-um,-rateful-breasr.attheSouth. It could not he tba» she was iuclined to disowntbe services of those who had st>»odby her to the lust; AhonBonism And disunion is indeed an honor of which mistake in the:news received here. they might be. But, in the present cfcrrantstanoee, I but it was because she c*.nsideied,aiid truly considered, ^aiy citizen may be proud. I am fully impressed with We sincerely hope there is some mistake about it, deem it a duty to self respect, and I deem it anH mora that even nn mipenwnff wrong was not to ho put m. the resporsfbtlity and the position, and trust ,toat and arc strongly inclined to think the informiition in- a duty to this Convention as at present o*$sanixed--I the scale with the pt<,Wvut»>n of this^lonous Conlcd- Divine Providence will impart to me strength and-wis- correct. The many friends of..-Judge Cmdlebaugh iu say, l deem it my duty in both re^tions,.iB*ilo tender- eracy, [gi-eut applause,] and ever in oucdience to their domto'c^trpry'withallitR requirements. [Applahser] tins city, and elsewhere, will await furtber tiding* l a ing my most grateful acknowledgments to all sidea,answered her behn with marvelous ease and rapidity, BOmuch so that Mr.,Mnrphy, too Newr-York pdot, ex- p»»»ed tbe utmost astonishment,; »ud uVlared the ves-.LONOONMONJIV MAHKKT.—There is a brink demand, but rut tr» are grueraKy unebanged.' Coxutok closed on Tueadiiy at S3J for acooiuit. ex-dividend.LATKST MAKKKTS—Via Londonderry.'tal could go anvwnere iher^ ^ a s water. Sundry LIVXMPOOL, 14th,p m.—Cnri'ox—SaJen two duyn. 14,000baled, minor improvements soggeste<l tty tha tnal wonld be inelu'diuc S^IW to speculator* and expurterH, the mark-t clotting concluded by the 12th, m order to give three days for dull and unchanged. Import*, 9,236 bale*; previoualy, 28,214her rrew to get accustomed t4>tbrfir properstations. It is BKnApKTtJyr*.—Flour aU;ady^ AVheat, apwiftd tendency.eonndeniJv expected that th*i whip will reach New- Cora downward. Prfeea are ea«if»r, but not qeotaljrypliunged, Y ork withiu tea days, where & is intended to moor her PKOVISJOM« quiet and wteudy. l»ard firm and in good detnand.He will visit the King.COMMERCIAL INTELLIGENCE.Tlie Keystone .Club arrived home last night, andIn1849aud1850,whenCalifornia"wasaboutbeing weremetoyucrowdoffriendswithtorches.Several struction.Whenthoseonboarddiscovered|no<vmi-Mr. Jonejiof I'enusylviiToa raised a t*>int of This was no place to «-eUle private quarrel*;The President dwided t'jat gjj ren»arks are ojut of order. He desired to prewmt to t^e Cojtiveution two papers, one from Mr. Struman of Arkaaea-*, the Otner from the delegates from ti e Stawof Georgia.Mr. Paine of Ohio moved .'to suspend the reading, and lsy it/on the tabl**. . -Aftersomefckirmishing.thiscoursewasagreed"RK.SIONWTJONorTlinPKKSinE»T;, Loud calls for t' e " question * were thenwhen the Presider t r o ^ and said:I beg the indulgence of the Convention to sayj thatWhile deeply sensible «if tbe honor doue me by the C o n v e n t i o n j m p l a c i n g m e i u t h i s c h a i r , I w - i ^ n o t A©*HJ deeply sensible of thr dirnculties»general and jpens^oal, looming up it« the future to eu*h"Ou my wX% '. Never- thejess, in the solicitude to maintain the harmony] aud the union of tbe Democratic partv, atpl ia the face of the retirement of the deh^ations of »everal of the S^t^ja, I continued at my post, laboring to that end, andia 1hat petite-had thehonor to meet >ou, gentlemcu,-herb at Baltimore. Bnt eireunrstesooeehave ai .ce transpired which compel me to pause. The delegations of a uia.mLONBOX MWKV XkAVKi/r.— The demand for dis-armitted into this Union, the South rose against her ad- ttppropriaje banners were displayed and fireworks. A raculoTrsly thty .had escaped the most terribly fute ofminds of tne North, that if the outrage wa> perpetrated cessary to say what the feeling of tbe British Govern- coant continued tu-iivr, and no bimiiicwB wuv done in the open she would, eeeede from, t.h« Tin ion. Many of us whopioeession was formed, and the Club was frreeted with much entjjnsaasm along.the route to its headquarters.Oi'ment was on such a matter. It was the fault of Gov- market below tV.«baul> itiinimum, 4^cent. 'JTi*- transier book* ernmentR like those of Naples and Rome, that when tor Contois were-.cloivd. preparatory to th« paruient of the divi- their ernelries drove their subjects w>revolt, they ap- dends. The market way flat, but the rluctuatiouH wore slight.were then the Representaiivefli of the South" in the Na- tional Councils, believingtbat t't.e South was in earn-Case of^l>r. I>avid R.Brown. BOSTON-, Saturday, June 23,1860..the ftarful trial of his courage, and which-,.'under the -bleating of -Providence, had saved a huodrjod lives, hlan<hmg and shuddering with the thought'Hf whatthe South, under present circumstances, can respond tomission, passed resolutions-aud impressed upon the-which any conctption can he formed, they trembled as if in-the presence of the danger itself; audi)'even the l-rave engineer lost the nerve that had sustained him inofayoungwomanbyprocuringanabortion,'wasto- Thetics\yereremovedwithconsiderable;jlalwr,and day sentenced to the State prison.for fourteen years. after a detention of about half an hour the jouirney waspealed to friendly powers, for ncsistance 'o put an end LIVERPOOL COTTON MARKET.—The sales of Cotton est, and considering ourselves bound to follow in hertothe.authorsandmstigutor»oftherevolution,for>^et- fortbothreeda>3cndb/RTurxdaywe17,000buli-».including' footsteps,ionghtthebattle,notwiththeviewtDr^Dav?dR.Brown,convictedofcauBintrthedeath "mighthavebeen." 'fllj2,500onBpecnlatioi>andforexport. Themarkerclomsdwitha ofcreatingtliecontingencycontemplated,buttodefend ting that they themselves were the authors and insti- d«clini»,g teodencv. with but little inquiry, and price* weak. the rights of the South."and oppose the introdution ofgators of them. ,.' ' _ Quotations irregular. ' California into the. council of the ua'iou; .That at that It is annonnced that tbe stcam»ihip Great Eastern STATE VV TKAOK.—The. advices from Manchester time was to the tSouth the great wrongland the ci-6atiugwould sail from Southampton for New-York ou Satur- art; uuikvoi&blt*. Quoiatioim were barely maintained. , of a great' d«tiger, hecanise not only was Cahforuia• •• " • . '._—Douglas Serenaded—His Speeeh. & *; [ . WASttiNcxoN, June 24, 1860. . L a t e " ' l s H t . m g h t , ' a i » r o c e s s i o n w a s f o r m e d a t t b o i l l n - uiinntea Douglas headquarters, and proceeded to theresumed, all Bober in the contemplation of -the incident that had interrupted it. [Rochester Unufyri, 23d.PAiisrt r, RU,MOK.—For several days past there has b e e n a r u m o r i n ' o u r c i t y t o t h e e f f e c t t h a t J u d g e Cradlebauah, formerly ot this place, was murderedday,, the 16th. Tbe ship started on a trial trip ou the LivKKrooL BKKAI>3TCK*S MAUKiriT.T-The weather' < h h , r u n n i n g 1 2 h o u r s o u t t o s e a a n d 1 2 h o u r s b a c k . w u u n f » v o r a b l e f o r t h e c r o p * . K i c h a r d » o n . b p e n t ^ 8c C o . . r e p o r t J lour firm and t'd/<?l/.hi^h«r. "VVeateru, ftUl; Pniladelphia, 2U/coming inio the Union with a Coustiuiiion obliteratingt h e h f i s s o n r i C o m p r o m i s e , n o * o n l y w a s s h e c o m i n g The trial was regarded as satisfactory, although the •a^/tf, -Wheot' lii'ia ,-anU 2<*3d. better; M:lwttuke<} K«d. 11/: into the Union without having passed through the rate of speed attained did D«Hat any time exceed 13j Com nnl»?tand 6d.-»lower wih u better innairy. Alixed, S?/^. ordeal of'territorial existence, hot only was she comingrailroad station to rcceiv* the Illinois and other Balti- about the £0thof last month by the ..udiaosi in Carsonquiet; Baoon htendy: Lard q'liet uai firm; Tallow eteady aad was going to. destro.v that power of. numbers whichLivEjtpooi. Pit'-ntci: MAUKF.T—Sng*r dnll: ashes was tbe last hulw irk "of our profocribh. in the Senate. • complimented him with a serenade and huzza. 'Inac-dnlliPrarin 80/6: (>fb^e qui*t: iiioe firm : Rorfiu Hteauy, oom- In tbe higher House of-Congress we fought against that iaou4/&^4/S: Spirits TurpnotiDe doll at;«,'. wrong; we engaged in the na<tlc to maintain ourrightsknowle.dging these evidences of thoir friendship, he said:">' '-. -..-. 'rLoxndh MARKK.r."'—Vi,B.y.AT upward, and advanced, to tbe last, but, when the question came,to the last, oneFEtJ.yw-CiTiZENs: I rhank you for this manifes-tation of your kindnesi* suid your enthusiasm. Theciri-umatances uz^der which thrsvast crowd have as- Judge was supposed to be with, was reported! in the one form or another,, ceased to participate iu tbo scuihled sp<»ntaneouslv and without previous notice Overland Express of last woeki to have been killed, deliberations' of this Convention. At no time would demonstrates an earnestnessof feeling which fills my but ho mention is made of Judge Cradhsbaugh. Xt any consideration of candidates have afiectod! me, heart Jft&fc.: gratitude. To be chosen standard beater seems hardly possible that a letter could reach j Lancas- gentlemen, as to my duty, and I came here prepared of thejdttly political organization which ia conserva- ter before news could he received by means of the Ex- regardless of all personal preference*, coraially to tive ami powerful enough to save our country from press aiid telegraph, and we think there must be some support the nominees of this Convention, whomsoeverZI&91 per qnarter. Sr«*AU rte»dT. Covy&y. firm. TBAuteadr afier the other we edw the Stares of fhe South reced- i»t I/SJ far Conimnii Conpoa. ItiCK firpx and teadluK upwardThe c mmanding Colonel of the troops' ffvfttch the jorityof the States have, either in whole or part, iaUntitled DocumentFire at Philadelphia. PHILADELPHIA, Saturday, June 23,18t>0..•The Roman Catholic German Church " Holy Trin- ity," comer of Sixth and Spruce street?, was destroyedits c^»ntinttity in power. *[Applause.]. Secession is awcrd intended to conceal aijcbcr word of mure sigofi- in the. whole transaction a degree of guilt seldom ning express train which left this city mtiaeevemng A portion of the delegation desire so -retirefor ousulta-caucy." If Beceswou • -was to find an echoble annuities, so tha: the whole may he absorbed in among the people of this."'.'great Confedera- Governor Olden has respited the execution of Jacob.neared Buffalo. We have learned the partwuhirs in tioa. Twp had agreed to withdraw out of eigoteen. detached pieces, }>xxt as Tlie Bvffalo Express of this The remainder wul stay here where their coaati^nente morning gives them connectedly, we copy its ac- sent them, with the National Democratic party of thecount: About half-past eight o'clock, last evening, Union. . {'•' when the lightning express train on the!(Central Mr. Hill of North Carolina announced that while ho Railroad, in charge of Conductor Gibson^! due at found nothing in the action of the Con vention to Cause Buffalo at half-past ten o'clock, was about} a mile any man to withdraw, ne yet felt th<« he should b«f and a half east of Pembroke, the Engjiorier, Mr. probably doing rnjuftice to his constituent.s if he re- Burr'Stone, discovered an obstrucioiv on |the track mained to act any longer with this Convention. ' about twenty rods ahead of the train, thijj ircflector a majority of tbe delegates from his State-had rendering objects visible in the night oulv at^bbut that dr i wn.distance. With instantaneous presence oflniind and Mr. Moore of Delaware sttera pted to take- the firmness of nerve he reversed his engine, applied the but objections were made with loud call* for the brakes, and at the same moment whittled a, Warning tion. ' . • ' - ' • •to tbe brakesmen to increase the tension upon the Mr. Jones of Tennesfee said only thirteen 4ei wheels; bnt, before the" latter could sprmamto tiheir from Tennessee bad withdrawn It w*wV,poets the train had struck the obstacle, its momentum, that ninett en delegates had withdrawn, but *six were "however, so nearly checked by the powerful; action «sf. simply app«ntrxi -ior•&« others and had no delegatedate army and navy to do the work of much largerforces, and may so enable us to rest from our labor truly parted from you because iff'your having decided oh* tbe head with a hatchet, and -finished by throwing and recruit dttr finances. . . . the question ofin'eraal organization .hi. a manner thatThe Stcrr, on ibe ft her hand, says it cannot for a did not agree with their views. They may give this as him into the Connecticut River, Jealousy on the p*rt moment beheve the British public will acquiesce in so a pretense; they may use it as a clonk to" cover their of tbe best-and -was the cause of the difficuhy. Both ing the protection of the Briti»4i ftagi the Admiralty monstrous a scale, the c*rnii g out of whiuh, will only dtsertion from the pnrlv. hut the truth cannot ho die- were intoxicated at the time. The woman is undertion of the public money for similar objects and equallyhands of intriguers, and their course mtif-t necessarilye Ship Charles Cooper.%. JOHN.N. B., Saturday. June 23,il860.room this norning the iigustice to suppose that they an altercation this morning, when tbe lat *er struck himtend to d suuion. [Applause.],Fatal AJTray. SPKiMiriKLo, Mass., June 24, 1860.• Jusliu Teny and wife of West Springfield got into/Pacific Ocean in lat. 45° 3P N., Ion. 125° M Greenwich, on the morning of July 18. This poi about 70 miles south-west of the entrance of Col River, and here the sun will rise centrally eclipleaves the earth near the western shore of tiimlied G. Leech, one of the retiringdel^gntes, •5tig<,aatizu»gt.UeSea, in lat. .15° 49' N., Ion. 38= 45' E., at which1: ' the sun will set. centraliv eclipsed, at 6 hoursaction of the Convention in na.rth terms, as unfjiirf uu- Democratic, irregular, and attacking the majority, in vioeut language.' 'side, nearly at right angles. At all pointB within thoji' adowAT CONCORD, N-J H.CONCORD. N. H., Saturday* June 23, 3.860... which many will have made long and expensivtj: jour ofi'cr an insult to the Convention or any of its mem-Mr. Douglas's nomination' was received with great neys to witness.- t- •'*' •' | j | bers. He believed that the '.a'.tji stated "in his paperAT SPRINGFIELD, MASS-;, SPHiNGHEr.n, June 24,1860.crusted in office that there- is hardly any power thatcan extract them. [Applause'.'.] They saw that thepo|-ulbr voice wa? clearly manifesting, to this ^lorionsnu»'on -a-ho was to be her next ruler. More, than received by the Democracy of this c'ny on Saturdayeight orten months before this Convention assembled the evening with great enthusiasm. One hundred guns- and thus the result is analagous to that stoppage of the was to be saved if five true men could be >fouod there- name of that future rule or these "States had bean were fired, rockets and Roman candles lee off iu great action of the heart which takes place upon gatypniziogThe news of the nomination of Mr. Douglas wascause TVhy Kentucky should deser t a DemocnitiiJ Con- vention and tbo Democratic party. The • doomed citythroughout the entue length of the small iht^stines,kinstate of the muscle is one of relaxation. As in Mue case of fee between he men of both exnromee. They wereof the heart, also, the normal contractions begin again »of. gping to abandon the Convention because onea short- time after the current has ceased tJo jpass, if great leader, whose pathway from Wiahington {it the great West had been lighted Jjy f gal- this currtnt has not been passed for too lootta time. iant deeds, was to be nominated. [Loud apputtue^IJ>r. P . has also ascertained that the peristalt|e move- The people of the country woa^d not.leti.fo cue fany, ments of the small intestines^are not arresbftdj by gal- but woitld step forth in ntighi and rescue M dEwrh tooperistaltic movements,of the large inteetinwt; Jure not several minut&s.] The'State of Kentucky wouldcomepathetics. These results have been called in' question whoever he may be, taxd the five delegates p would stan,d by the atlion of the Convent ion. enoughby Dr. Biffi, an eminent Italian physiologist,fbut they the Heavens fil'. His*coll*ague had withdrawn theThe Ame?iran ship Chai-lee Cooper,,hence for foe- the hraltee that the wllteioh p r o o ^ ^ 3 t t t a sRght autfionty\V * ""* . ; ' >^**B&$$*anxious and painful suspem*;,[Circleville Herald.]THE BAITIM0EEThe IMvlded Mouse Fall!TWONEWTICKETSWTHED o a ^ s —and Pitzpatziclr. •policy to return to their constituents, and • leavh ihera free to act should there be two candidates ia tac field. H e now withdrew the. name of that disitrtereated patriot, Mr. Guthrie, from before this Convention j as a candidate for tbe Presidency. He then presented papers' Thomas M. Tryniski 309 South 4th Street Fulton New York 13069www.fultonhistory.com 