 •«-t all * .rttfc> bkttd In a •cttrityexand coat ef » routaa.,tla bgfnain<«of ov •»«C w»fak e tot^eoat 'theentir*•luxtic tkm!•**••ado o/osr •wordteand laconsldW the j»o^.Haute ns interesto. »tion wfll 1 belittle'tie*, coa- m Is t*> UM rates0surprise ' * • tvij, «. Waila trough is- •esdentljtoCali- II was steamers ndred to 1 as thismigrants our Pad eat Batatonce ofesai- suppjy B. wale.ttpetitioa rate, o* rrieTous-es direct • State*, incurred iitloaar >e made e than* a n a i l .Tnera to to*comfort>werer r[ration, i being .11 soon a conhaveBments om, be erned-aaoet Unitedle ae Insure • the ether, lereste tus tothey Htioa, Into atoe bateh a* ceavl a a a j tiiedy peo- »eisghose i f o r t m c -n a cob isve4111- ubt- caf illjzed be>the of be au- ntsfer- alNT* ght un-IV- re-w>gress.He narrowly escaped expulsion at theJTMB FROOFStIES.STSaaSMJ A MARTIK.r'u^oion fa's* —utterly false.Mr W> WWK— M| time a short, and I hope not to be<.&ten i;pltdMr. P.». i- "•'Mits—Y on have s o right to utter suchrtiji, ae rtiL'ecifuily invitea to attend the funeral ser vine at the Central Congregationalcnurch.Ormond place, tear Fulton avenue, BrocU>n, tins (Saturday) afternoon, st two o'clockare, /ranting to the Commissioners oftho ChevalierFord, therecenUyelectedpriaterto THESHIPDEWinCLINTON.4SS»LSlwkiDe"J""001***tended powersoverthis theHouse. Asusual,MasterThurlowWeed ^^s^^'<V\ilVVVWVAVVVVferry-proridingfortheleasingandrelicena figuresInthematter,withhisfingerdeepin Tha Oa Witt tltatoa Aattare at 8q«the pie.the following telegraphic report from Sqoaa Beach, NewTbe Euiopa Outward Bound.HALIFAX,March9,I860. T!if s'esmsc'p Eurepa arrived here from Boston at eleven A i t , a t l tailed again at one P. M. for Liverpool.*•Emigrants to Pike's Peak.LKAVESWOHTB, K. T.,Feh. 9, I860.A few advanced parties of emlgreatE for Pike's Peak bave an ived in tids et:y. Tc prevent a recurrence of tbe rtietrrgeitg scene* of tost year, it to urges cpon those in-EspenscheId's Spring Style of Geatlc- meu'aflaia—Ib-s.IhegeasoftheaeaaouisnowiveeylorIn soecuon and sales t the old esiai>Iaibrd price of «&? thPBMsCaXan, Banataaurer of a.ente Bats, lie *e#oa--. at.S t a r r i e e l .I^s-Crsrssrasos—On Monday. Oct 17, 1»*>,by theRev & Baker, JAVOB IJ&* to Miss ELLCN Craaajwoi, ail of Brooklyn.nrracKi.y.AsTKor*. TaBlii(9JDiog offerriesto Staten Island, for periods not4o eaceed ten jeers at a time, at public auc-tion, with full control to the Commissionersover all dttalks the termini, the construction^ number or the boats, the frequency of the made such a brilliant figure in the last Con- Jersey:—SBtad aMSearStatreetaea-tbweeteeraer ef BreaAwar^ • " • • t a j idadla4^ Hip*,policeregulationsandratesofpassage;tinguished lobby chief, O. B. Matteson, whorequiring quarterly sworn returns of the re-domain, in order to take, through commission- ers appointed by the Supreme Court, necessary ferry landings on the Island.It remains to be seen whether the powerful lobby under the control of George Law willwhich he was president, and has been removed irotn hi* place. If this is true, it is anothet proof of the demoralising effect of lobby asso- ciations at Albany, Washington and elsewhere. This Matteton Is the special friend and trustyWitt Clinton — I 4 F r i d o , March 9, at tea A. M., three miles south ofSquan Beach, saw a large ship ashore, evidently a Liver pool or London packet, bound in.A number cf passengers were on board, a i d partite were on tbe beach preparing to launch boats to atstot, whieb could be done easily, as there was no wind or seaef this city.Tbe funeral trill take place in Baltimore, on Sunday af-ternoon, at live e clock.BiTLta—4a this city, on Friday, March 9, Wa. J. BITTVDUR MaTnirAL BBTOT -CTBBS AMI WARIA la LJ ver, Li— Bean Mesnora,TT aXLTBOgB'S DtTAUJBLB UBTMRMT.—t^DOqawa,be able to defeat these measures. The public sgent of St ward, Thurlow Weed and all tha at th-time.CRJWY —On Friday morning, March 9, FSAXK S , youngnt b e l l iToakers. Wattentat eeaaty, Mew lark, aasafety and the interests of all who lire oa or travel to States Island require their adoption. A few weeks will determine whether George TAW'S pocket or human lift be of most value la theeyesoftheStateLegislatureandmembersof Congw**.clique. They ought to be proud of their proShe had painted port*, with toremaM gone, ma<n and mizctt topsails set, and bad probably gone oa shore in the nwtheast snow storm of but Thursday eveciag.Off the Highlands spoke tug boat Jacob Bell, sanding her to the assistance of the ship asbore.The snow st rm alluded t> above s noted thus in the marine report«f the Quaker City —"The weather durmg the voyage was quite pleasant up to half-past -en o'clock P. M. of the 8th inst, when a heavy northeast snow2 years,4 months sad S3 days.Tbe friends of the family are invited to attend thefuneral from the residence of ha parents, No. IBS West twenty third'street, this (Saturday) afternoon, at one o'clock.Bong Kong (China) papers please copyCLAFP—inWhitePlains,onFriday,MarchO.CAsnra, only daughter of John J. sad Maria C. Clapp, and grand daoghter of the late Peter Banta, aged 4 years, T months ana IS daysDAVIBB—On Friday, March ft, Ajrsns THOMAS, tie daughter of Mrs. Davks, wife of Mr. Thoms Davie', ofaoaaterteaa of than - taerear to - to the aoaaaraaes of the oriabsal label, as well aa to pe:bfcfromitojpoaatoa,BB, tsate win always be 'lition slanders upon the South were carefullyreproduced,andgarnishedwithappropriatecampaignteesawing.Weappendthefollow- America,andsailfromLiverpoolontha26thaltforHali-ingchoiceextractfromthedebate,asreported in the Globe.—Mr YAHWi.K—Sir,Iwilltndu'geinBOunwindremark t >wound the ft e.trgs of any man, bat the charge mastfaxandBoston.The steamship America from Boston arrived oat onthe morning of the 22d ult., and tha steamship City ofBaltimore, from New York, a few hours later.Iherelativesandiiienasoftbefamilyare respectfully invited to attend her funeral on 8unday morning, at nineMr DAVIS or Mi*a. 'interrupting t— I pronounce the gent'c n>»n a t<ar and Mwttnctrel. I pronounce the gentleman's forty to fifty persons were drowned1.131 bars iron, Salter ft Co., 2.171 do., Holden, Haw names of tbe Democratic Aspirants to the Presidency,IUNKY B f KVK, formerly of Massachusetts.Bis filencs, and those of Bepjamm S anl Andrew VanNorth. But. although the member from NewYork was wioag in ventilating a stale slanderSampMa sent bBARNES a P ARE. LI aad U Farton the floor of the Hou&e, the member fromS t y l eo fG e n t l e m e n ' sPABSOR'S RAT ART) ROACH EXTESMINAIOR HAM destroyed all tbe eocsroache* at the Aster Bouse, New York.1beyrecommenditasthebeetexterminatorheyhave ever used. Sold by all druggtota.conduct of a lrontier bully, not a refined South- ern pettleman. Mr. Davis should have called \ipon Mr. Van Wyck for his proo's ind his facts.As the Ictlrr cotld not hire substantiated what\e bad suH, his case would have fallen to the rI n t e r c h a n g e o f M u n i c i p a lPHILADELPHIA, March 9, I860.The Common Council a/opted a resolution, extending the hospitalities of the city to the Pittsburg Council, on tbe occasion of their visit here on the 26th Inst ; but sub- sequently the resolution was reconsidered, on the repre- sentation that the Oouncilmcn would visit the city in cus- tody on the charge of disobeying the commands ot the Supreme Court by refusing to levy a tax to pay interest on railroad bends. The resolution was indefinitely postpon- ed, the Plttabnrx Oouncilmen being denounced aa crimi- nals ar.d repuliatorsThe Virginia Legislature and the Har- p e r ' s F e r r y C o n s p i r a t o r s .RICHMOND. Va , March 9,1860. The Committee of the Virginia Legis latere on Courts and Justices bave reported it inexpedient to take any action in regard to the commutation of sentence or reprieve oftitter Stevens or Hazlitt, the doomed Harper's Ferry con tplrators.T h i s M o r n i n g IIMPORTANT ANVODNCBMBNT TO THKFASHIONABLJI WukUD. I K T E S E S l l S O TO 'Clergymen, lawyers, fb>altiais. Merchants Clerks, Actors, authors, Ainns and ArtlaanaWill be laaued wis morning, and everybody la requested to re-member the bact, KNOX'S Se-BlNi S1YI.K Or II AT.it baa been submitted to tbe iaapecUon ot ompeteni jodgea, who pronounce i' a rare embodlmei t of all that can renter a gentleman's bat attractive ana beeomror, and, in anildpaUrinof an eitriordlrarv demand for this beautiful and becoming fa- bric, a very large stock awaita ib-. call ot all iotereated. at KNoX'H well known salesroom 212 Bro 4wuy. eornerof Ful-ton street. Call early, and make jour selection.L a d l e s ' N e w S p r i n g D r e s s a n d M a n t i l l a'lnnii.ii.KS, St LOCAITT, SOa A CD'S, Ul Fulton ssreet, Brooki)u. _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ ^ _The relatives and friends of the family are respectfully invited to attend the funeral services, at the Presbyterian church, corner of Fourth street and avenue C, on Sunday afternoon, at one o'clock. Her remains will betaken to tne Cemetery of Evergeens.Hartford and New Haven papers please copy.ROT-MAS —Suddenly, of suppressed scarlatina, daughter cf Dr. John Gaul a c i Elizabeth L. Roeman,agea 6 months.Funeral services at the ret iuenr6 of her father, No. 60 Pierrrepont street, Brooklyn,o. Sunday afternoon, at two o'clock.SaAtoRT —On Friday, March 9, SAMCKL SKAOORD, agid 81 j ears.Ihe friends and relatives are respectfully invited to at- t e n d t h e f u n e r a l , f r o m h i s l a t e r e i i d e n e r , N o 1 6 0 T e n t h t-treet, on Suniay afternoon, at a .quarter before five o'clock. The remains will be taken to New ilo:helle, on Manday morning, at cineo'clork.SHXA —TIMOIHT SBXA, son of Timothy and Mary Shea, who a as drowoel Dec 8, aged 15 years and 9 months.Ike resolutions asking Congress to dissolve the Injunc- i ound. and the utterer of tit? slander upon tion sgairst the new Almadtn quicksilver mine, haveMi.».-ii*ip{.i would have bten convicted of tal?e-1-s -t i' the assembly.Resolutions bave been earnestly debated in the Legisla-rood om of his own mouth. ture icstructicg the Congressional delogation to use their l i f t exertions sgalnst the separation of aoy portion of That Wotud have been the proper course of die State from wntch to form a Territory, until a majority of tt i people of the entire State hare consented to suchT t r o c c e d k i ; *>>r a l e g i s l a t i v e b o d y w h i c h h a d a ( ^ H u n i c n .The Secretary cf the Pacific Railroad Convention hasrealizing: FHI«C of iUs own d'tinity. It does not • c- a coirrxutr.csticu to the Legislature giving a summaryappear, however, that Coup res*, has any such. or any oti>er st-t»eo. for that matter. There has heen notTiit g but rowdyism ii> the House sinceof iheactirn cf tbat body, from which it appears tttat June» A. Macdougal, F. Land, L A. Bo>tb, A. A. Tuttle, i-aifcoei Parrfy, J. S Titus, T. G. Phelps, J. B. Crocket and IT. babe were appointed a committee to comaunioate to it>e legislature the action of the Convention,and to urge »ichactionbythelegislature as was recommended by it« Con vt titan. The principal recommendation of the r-it. it;on la this—That the Legislatures of OregonS8.Moody's Perfect Fitting Shirts, Six for KOoDV S Stiri aanutactory, 262 Broadwaythe seesloti commenced.tion there were squabbles of the•:! i-tmra*ier every day. and a*>er the Speaker aid California establish each an internal improvebisstockofnaenandboy'sClothingfromNo 110to276Howe ry, near Houatanstieet, where lie baa oyenci * a?.< esubi.ah nsent *tockelwtth»nelatestatyletiorgoods,whichheoffersto hacui'.omerson bis USOAI favorable terms-rea.ij uiad« or madetoorder.Brooklyn.—tVtDlameon Gallery, 940 a~<i!ton r.-eet —Photographs, MlnUtnre to lile size, Caoaao t>pei, laiiuarreotjpeB ui.e i"B.'.iec.fromtheresidenceotbissister,No2PACiQcstreet,Brook- lyn.fur Aideiman Brady to tarns $2,000, it is cer}ear.D«f«-re the raostdL-grace-organiza-TheReportedConference of S t a t e s .Southernru« rt fund, for the purpose of bnilfling the Pacific vk •« cti'»Pei» thing" grew still wor?e. The dis- tai'-oat) that the swamp overflowed lands within said .rioeftfl exhibition made b j ^ r j or. of Virginia. Staus, and such Lands aa may hereafter be donated by ifc< m ibait be rold for the brnoSt of tbat fund; that the road to California shall run from the city of San Franciaco tb'oogh the counties of San fcfaura, Santa Clara and Ala-AI-KXAMitsTHOMSON,aged 51year..to atter fi the iuneral, from his late reeiltnoe, 264 Green- \»r<!e sarifers. AcNew discoveries of silver mines are reported at Steam- tawlj unlawful also for pioiu Pilsbury to take beat Springs, aortb of Virginia City and Genoa, and ad-Jery tbou'd endeavor to gat an amurer.have staked eft claims for snlies. At Black Rock, ninety wilts east of Hes*y Lake Valler, iudieattoES of silver i a»e led to tte formattfin of a company far taeir expioT$t M for red, and t l M a i l 74 for white. Corn steady watte, 10a. a Tic; *«now, Tteia 7ne. Ptork ton: mess,atVawts p^sia JSSSJSt'tSIK& Flour firm superfine, $5 76. Woes* active at $1 46 a$1 60. Corn firm sales, 6,000 bushels: ynJtonr,T3c. a 74c. Porkuncharged hams,pickled,»»4*aItnJSnwjton,<23c a 24c.eiasa, while emiaent vaiepraeUee in all "ireDr. Harsh Con tin sal CureOsiers EirrrnucAXCosructrToxs AT Wxsa ratm.^t\J l'.mtalbdalld»e*«eeofthe net eared wtrheut pato ear"W.veptoaee to toe patient by Dr EAC^ABia.SmrBaoa*v rcroont,7S0 Breadray. Beretstophyaieiaaeaadauiirtoae W AlCHESAKP^Ei L^r v. ihe ctrj.«»m«-Ourt^ci.,1deepenfromWa^leg.ton JMa awrrainggives acme cu'lou« accountsUntitled Documof the eradications of the republican* there, *\.* crectBg, +y% a perfen evatwa. Tfur PxsiQa »asmas M. Tryniskitcge.AMfTOTAL mm DJ19PL9r. Joras, K. T., March 9,18*30. The steamab p Nova Socman, whieb arrived here yeaaa English comedy and other entertainments, of which the advertsMg columns of this paper contain full par ticulars._ _ _ _ _MOKK CONGRESSIONAL DIRT THROWING.—Theother day Mr. Tan Wyck, a member of the oa the moralof^f the 23d of February, touching at storm was encountered, with a heavy sea, which LastedHouse of Representatives from this State, de- Qu* eos'o* n the next day.ten hours and a half."Cent Lienan, of steaming Jacob Bell, who came up toa gentleman residing in the vicinity who is known as the • oldest inhabitant "TIB IEW VORh Wi:i;kl i BEEaLsr.TheGreatandAbaorbtngtanestlonof the Day—SketchesoftheDemocratic Presi- dential Aspirants—.The Proceedlstsrs of C o n g r e a a W V i e i t t o t h e T o m b ot* W a n t i - in£ton—The Latest Meera—Condition ofThe friends of the family are Invited to attend the funeral without further notice from Base Hill Methodist Episcopal church, at half past one o'clock, this (Saturday) afternoon.IUfKjxsos —on Friday, March 9, of congestion of the brain, RICHARD R. DitKursos, eldest son of William Dickinson, oi Brooklyn, in the SSd year of hat age.NoticeoffuneralinSunday'sHerald.FOWUBL—AtGuilford,Conn,onSaturday,March8,at the residence of her-on in law, H. W. leete, Mrs. Lon WHXATONfOWUW,aged88years,4months aad16 daysH u z w —On Weoneeday afternoon, March 7, HANXAH, wite of Abi sham Kra/ee, lb the 67th year of her age.without further notice.FOOTAIX—un Staten Island, on Sunday, Feb. 29,Pnsits For-jfTAnr, in the Slat year of he» age.Beloit (Wisconsin) papers please copyKara—On Tiiuisdsy, Match 8, after a short illness,terda; at erno m, sailed from IJverpool at eleven o'clockThe steamship Glasgow also sailed (rem tiverpool oa the 22d ult for New Y ork, and the steamship Newlivered himself of one of the usual black re-publican harangues. In which all the stole abo- York was to teave Southampton for the same destination miles south of Squan, as having bilged. Her foremast ison the fane dav. TeeiUamahlpNiagarawastotaketheplaceofthagone cifse to the deck. When he toft she was lying very easy,andittohatopinion,tbatafterdischargingaportion ofhercargoshewillbegotoff. Herpassengersareall sate,andwereputonboardtbepilotboatChristianBergh No. 16. She will probably arrive at Quarantine to-night.Thesteamtng Achillessnd wrecking schooners Normaand Ringgold, with a full gang of men, left last evening,be met, end history vindicated, let the consequences fall Heavy gate* n * d prevailed around the coast of England. to tbe assistance of the ship De Witt Clinton, ashore nearwbete and as they may. One other gentleman spoke of\Umaclwwta burning wit'hea in the ancient times. Does , The steamer Odione, from Dublin for London, came in Squan.t h e M a r k e t * , e k e , dtc.The WEXKLV BKRALD will be ready at ten o'clock this o'clock, from ber late residence, No. 42 Charles street, BOLD BT ALL GROC1R8 AND FRUIT DEALEBB.chased for export to AustraliaDr. Chase has been tried for maliciously adulteratingthe acies used at the San Francisco Mint, but the jury could not agree, and a new trial will take place.A bill baa been introduced in the Legislature proposing tbat t i e State assume the Indian war debt, amounting to three hundred thousand dollars* to be paid within ten \ ears. ii the United States do not sooner provide tor It-children.KKLl.Oii*. 381 Canal street.SPLENDID GLOSS—b o BCBBINO-SOIL8 NOTHING. Sold everywhere. JAP ANESE POLISH Co .447 Broome street, one dour west of Broadway. OPRLNO, lataROGERS A RATMONDbare opened their Spring buatneaa for IM0, with a _fashionable Olothtog of mneh greater extent end variety I they have presented at the oommeoeemant of any prertoea season, l u s is due to the fact that they have added to tassrCENTRAL W ARfcHOL'eE.Lit, 12S end 12S Fulton areet.A SPACIOUS BRANCH RoTABLIBHMERT at 114 Broadway,next door to Barnem's MuseumBoth eoaeerns are stocked with the moat elegant Cl^xeiag that artis'ic akill can tarn out in this country Tbe aetort meat otB O Y ' S C L O T H I N Ocannot they are oenfident, be outvied to beaaty to Rew Y<w%. The pricea <f ire lira n-w taa ever ar« graduateS>lo theloweat scale Iba: a vest trade will eikble them to adopt Av,Ofc".w» A UAVMOND.OINUEB'S bEWIRt. MACBINKS.AN ENTiKa, ^E^r STTl.E.,Des'sasd for all marn.ifarf.ri*g LHrpo»et:- t«ele*itoSB operation, very rapid tmdopaB.e of e»er» tint ai work B I*.hebeetm»chlneeit prt<Ju.ed Iricerti.,sj;.-wich street U. this city, en SUL^V afternoon, at naif- past one o'clock.TnonPtoN —Oa Friday, March 9. of ecarlet fever, JBT.B-MAH ALONZO THOMPSON, son of Meiaachtcn and Mary foropeningditsbe*fcrU>etdotherdraiia.The Chemical Oil Works, to East Boston, owned by Page ft Mitchell, were lestroyed by Ore this marning. Loss ?<*) tfce Kjti*bble between Ashmore aod neca, totbe city of Stockton,and becontinued thence $10,CC0. AyoungmannamedFrancis Dunbar perishedl i l t 8lB*<>rL TRhN-'H FLot'OH penetrate* the aoU fiom one tc three faet diet.•tit* ,i'lstielbetweenHickmanandKdmunlP h r e n o l o g i c a l E x a m i n a t i o n s , Olartaandfullwrittencharacters givend»':iat>i-Wi.£R A WXXAJJ',SOSBroadway.tiiuw. a:ul other*. »h:ch muj>t be fre?h toward the eastern frontiers of the State, Insuch direc- tirn as tbe legalatnre may direct; that the counties intheuncoil'"tsofourreaders,allgoto tavettedbytiesaidroadshallbeauthorizedtolevya st ecial tax, and «o contract roads to enable them to sub- scribe to the capital stock therof. That the Legislaturein the flames.LakeKrleNavigation. CLXVXLAXD. March 9,1^60.Thompson, aged 8 tears and 6 monthsThe relaiives and friends of tne family are respectfully1>ESP TULKaS. Ibete Pic i»h* mn from 12 tc SOioceeadeep.GIBB'S PATKNT CTLtNDKRPLoUOn. celebrated for eaae of draft aad wide lurroeaI-oLIfclikD hTS-KL PL iL'tihS, for leiaa. California and all at healve soilsin sdciuon to tbe foietotag. I keep opwuds of cat kunJrvA aid nttj other kinds ot PioogVs • wo,ALL. OTUAa AQRlCULIUaaL IMPLEMg.NTe BOKTICULIURAL, IMPLEatMS.(be largest and moat complete aeioriateit to oe found .- AeInitedStatueFLi'WER, FIELD AND GARDEN EEKDSof all rartotiea » GUANO, BuKE DUST. POUPRETrgand various other ferUlirers R L ALLBN lfc»and1SIWaterefaetNewtark.TO BE BOLD OFF.-THOSE WHO DESIRE TO CL< >TB« their feet to handaoaaely fktlag aad ele»aaUy m*at »««e. fchcea Gakera. Ae , are invited to tall at tie store of t. AMILL. No. 177 Broad way. C-eaill ha* one of the :*rr»«. t»e»i isleeaed Jto-k of goeds to Rew York or to Amerae, to sattefy hst frtondsaadcuatoaaera xTtHE VINE"GROWERS' COMPAKX OroOQS AC^ T John (leboi! agent ia New Y or».-the aepertor Braae* rT^, « « bTSto ec>mpaD» ear, ba oi^ised b toe ataato eaeaZZ^'&ttrTM***** MEayCM.t*cnerrfSreee> xayandCedaraireetm h T PRY A>TS CNSIYAL1 KH FTOMACH RITTERS.J lb*meateReetu*;curetordtspeeetoaadthepure**i:*io for us a tauonal ieputa'ivn of the worst'baract'T Our European critics will be quite propose such smendmt nts to the constitution, to be rati- road line of screw steamers, toft Cleveland for Toledo,Oaasea. at aaMMONS A OO.'S, 6»,', Broadway, under L*- farge House.parents, No 4 Maogin street, this (Saturday) afternoon, at two o'clock.WALTER —On Thursday, March 8, nf cinsiroption, MARY ANN, clcest daughter of W. 11 and M A. Waller, in the 16th jtar of ber ageTbe relatives ana friends of the family are respectfully invitedtoattendtbefuneral,fromtheresidenceofber parents, S9 South Sixth atreet, Brooklyn. E D , this (Sat urday) alternoon, at two o'clock, wilaout further invita- tion.MM€SB1AIAS\VBOIJ«.r AT BIWTTT'8. WRDDISO CARDS ENVf LOPBS. k .cf the very latest at} let. 315 Broad (ray.A PRACTIOSL BD0CATION FOR THE YOrNr} MRX andI'djaofNewTork—Ksptman'sOol'.eae,1'ougb.teeps.e. on the Budaon Fu,l perdculaia to be had of ettflord, CandreA<^o.stationers74Warrenstreet,orbyaddrerau>( (he president, B U. Eastman. Poagbkeepeie, N. V.fied by tbe peop'e, as will enable the State to lend her aid .>t»itKl in Mnirg tbat cur repre-etttatives are in the crnstiuctien of tbe road to the extect of not moreA C o . ' sB r a z i l i a nstore U4.c botd*>r mffi-iua tb»n statesmen or «»-iatle-iufii. »i,.t ih^y will alfo h-» very likely to .:'>dge i.f tb- trfe by i's frui-s. Cau nothing beitan $15 (.CO too. Tbat tbe legislatures of California, (irefonat-dWashli>gton Tertitorycause tbeseveral \mttt* through the ntouHalus h ing eastward of said States and Tertitory to be accural* !v surveyed.Great acuv.ty esats throughout tbe State la miningNEW YORK HEltALD, SATURDAY, MARCH 10. 1860.-TRIPLE SHEET.THE FRA DUVOLO OF THK LOBBY TURMKD UPAGAIN.—Everybody will remember the dis- half past three yesterday (Friday) afternoon, containedBft.vr.iai—CmrwAjr —In this city, on Sander, March 4, at tbe Baptist Tabernacle, by Bev. fdaard Lath op, Mr. tending to emigrate to wail until the first of May before J. W BBAPLrr.of N>naaa,Ga.,to Mm Hxuu 8 , ontyf O r * P PAtLOB. MBBAKT DIVING sad BttTMBOOai PlBjun-BK. b t r s n f i nndrsi.ienn,* ruat the rials and Knestaafa! xnthe H f r n i t u e i r c e a m e u .fatertor Leawwtbae Iter Juateifciiaatea,aamorning, among its contents wlil be found:—A very t e i < i 4.n*w *fa«* roar own people burn staves at the collision with the schooner Heroine on the ISth ult. The The following is a copy of the cargo list of the Dewitt interesting article on the Presidential Question, with a httkt- And i» tt-tta* to waken no horror in yoar minds. *learner sank in twenty minutes after srards, and from Clinton:— lis-t of the Ltoleaates to tbe Charleston Convention, theWholesale by GEO. H. BARRETT Dealer la Spices, Ac., 46 Broad street. New lark.MOROAK'S EXPOSE OF >REK MA80KRT FOR SAL*. *-" Books and Esgieringa bought in acv quantity.1JHN P*NE, 109 Nassau street.NORTON'S OINTMENT,_." roaSALT RHEUM AND SwROFTTLA. Permanently euree tetter eealdhead. riogworma, aad allempnons of the akin thisOintmentpenetratestotbebaaiaof the dteetta very aonrce—acd eurealt from the Oeab beneath to the akat on the surface. Large alaea bona, prte*- 60 eenU.GERKIT MORTON. Proprietor, New York. Depot at PeafoM, Parker A Mower's, U BeekmaaGW PTJBilSHlNO, BT SUBSCRIPTION , TUBNEW ARERTGAN PTCLOPtF.DIA.A POPULAR DICTIONARY OF GKNkaaL EROWLEOOB, KIJlTKn BTGEO. R1PLKY AND C. A. DANA.ASSISTED BT A M Mr.HOLS 1'OBPS Or WRITBBS.Price per volume—Cloth, SS library atjle, leataar, S3 Setley a Co : 3,057 de , 80 bundles do., Sampson & Baldwin, 460 do , W Oothont k Bros ; 50 bbls merchandise F. R & W. C Fowler. 16 packages, Mairet, Barber k Co., 2 do., M. G let son; 9 boxes, Thus. Russell; 1 case, D. Parker; 5 do., Reimer k Mecke, 4 crates, H L. Lansing k Co : 14 cases. W. N. Sheppard; 11 do , I.'nder ft Kingsley; 2 do., ,1 Wild; 8 do , Julian, Lewis ft Julian; 6 chests, R Rals- ton; 16 bales, 4 cases. Spaulding, Vail ft Fuller; 1 do., J. Hoyt ft Co.; 6, 8. B Chittenden ft Co.; 3 do , Phelps, Bliss ft Co ; 2 do , Bemheimer Brothers; 4 do , 1 bale, W. H. Lee ft Co; 6 do, Morton, Orin- nell ft Co.; 3 do., Sulzbacker ft Gotterman; 1 do., 2 bales, Siegemann Bros.: 2 do , Lathrop, Luddington ft Co.: 8 do., Ulmann, Flegenheim ft Co.; 3 do., J. C. Sweetzer ft Co . 2 do., A. Collins: 11 do , Sellgmann ft Stettheimer; 53 do., A T Stewart ft Co.: M0 bags salt, 10 down maw, Wil- liams ft Guion; 830 boxes tin, Phmps, Dodge ft Co ; 670 do , Tiickerson, Wfaittemore ft Co., 2 casks, 1 case, A ft. Van Nest ft Co ; 3 casks, Norton ft Jewett; 9 bales, 0 cases, lord ft Taylor; 3 do , John Sykes, Jr., ft Co ; 11 crates, C F Agaaory; 103 do , 3 hhds , Wilson ft Braine; 1,375 bundles iron, 400 do. zinc, 2&6 inpta tin, 20 cases copper sheathing, 200 tons coal, 40 frames felt, 2,635 bixes tin, 4 bales, 23 trusses, 10 cases, 13 casks, 410 bars iron, to order.The De Witt Clinton sailed from Liverpool on the 26th :n. ntpudi xtrp'. by a point of oroar. and the chair ap- 3 OtO on speculation and for export. The market closed of January, under command of Captain French, withRumors were current of an address, attributed to Victor Emanael himself, calling Naples and Sicily to insurrection.The armaments in Piedmont were being accelerated.Aggregation held at the Vaticai, had decided that VT Cunrrtu—I >lae to a point of order. It it that no the King of Sardinia should not be excommunicated,and Sketches ot their public services; A report of theProceedings of Congress, with the HSRALD * Special D-spatches: An account of a Visit to the Tomb of Washing-ten; An account of the Rencontre at Washington betweenCol. Lander and W. M. F. Magraw, The Latest News fromEurope, the Pacific, Mexico, Cuba, Ax , Ac; Eiitorials on Prominent Events, Reports of the Cattle, Prori dau^'hur >( N'cojaus aa<l Sophia Keldmann, aged 3." ul acd -a M alaoders.irti'lx r i i i n in* firor haa a right to !ib*l the people ofCinNKY —On Monday, March 5. at her residence, Bo- boken, N. J , Mrs SAKAII liiu-M-.v, aged HI years.• iv tectsra e' itt* coootry, and then deny to the repre- '* r. IUAIIV. * of iBit r.'ople Uie rigbt to reply. I pronounce MM- •tffitftco male b« the gentleman false and unfounded.(C'tr'of '-nrfer" on the republican tide)MrYASW.><>.—Ihaveheardstichwordsbefore,andI aa. not to be i: mrbed n»r intettered with by any blua- i:i f cf tbai »o-1 I am not here to libel any part of thel on.Mr DAWS, < f Hiss —Wdl you go outside the District ofroktiibia an-! Lit the question of personal courage with Jtl» f« Ul! till t!:4L?Mr V«> » i < i - l travel anywhere, and without fear of ai > n e . For be Oral eight weeks of this session you »n'<-d u[<n iMn tl«f»r continually libellicg the North and >br |»-op-e »f •!!»• free State*, etiargirg them with trea*on »c ' a t macit r of crimt-B; and now you are throam Into • t»* at tage witrn I tell yon a fca~ facta.l fas to the p'tiiraw n ot tb»- committee not to violate the , jtea of the ti -<;»e The chair tni*ts they wfll not do so.U* P*vw. ot Mi>» —I ?l>all ot»erv<< them,air, if others <io i<t; km 1 oerrasaly will not permit Southern people to te tieLdtrto.Thi* delectable scene is not without its moral tor both sides of the Hou?e. It is within theknowledge of every man who reads the news papers tbat that charge of slave burning made byMr.VanWyckisuntrue. Sometimeagoone of the abolition dailies published a lot ofrigmarole, in which it was stated that a num-ber of slaves had been burned at the stake byaftfieei&sippianmob. The story turned out tobe a miserable invention of some lying aboli- ofi this point, with dates from Liverpool to the 26th ult tionist. It was contradicted authoritatively;sion and Money Markets, and all interesting news of the past week, received by telegraph or otherwise Siogls copies, in wrappers, can be had at the counter of the office, corner of Fulton and Nassau streets. Price six cents.OActal Drawings of Hodges, Davis oV Co.'a Consolidated Lotteries ef Oeoraia.CLASS 274. MARCH 9. 1380.4. 25, It*, 1, 45, 17. 6y, 35. It, 72, A3, 77.Piixea casesil at 6i6 Broadway Circulars seal tree. HOLKilcfl, OaVIS i CO., Maaagere.Mason, GeorgiaDraw lags of the Delaware State Lotte- ries. WOOi>. k-DDY A CO , Manager! of theD t U W U O , GSOKGLA, KtKTUCKr AJTO M.3S0DSI STATS urnman,DTLAWAXS—KXTBA CLASS, n o 117, MARCH 9. IM0.9, 64, €0. 1», i, 14. 19, 44, 13, 72, 49, 7. DBLAWAXK—CLASS NO. 118 MARCH 9, I860.57. 43. S5. 11, 12. 54, 27. 64,37,41,58,62,71Caremlara seel free of charge by addreaalnaWOOD, SDDY A CO , Wlualngton, Delaware.Drawingsof France,BroadbentsdtCo.'e DelawareLotteries—Sussex aooarr—CLASS 69, MARCH 9.18S9.43, 58, 39, 57, 24, 64, 49. 27, 32, 16. 4, 17. COHSOUDATRD LOTTRRT—CLASS 28, MABCH 9,1860.63, 57, 21, 49. 50, 22, 4, 31, 8. 74, 75,10. FRANCE, BSOaDBKNTS A CO.,Managera, Wilmington, Delaware.Royal Havana Lottery.—Nos. S1887, 11)626. 2808. •MB, 110, drew toe Fire Capital Prises in the Drawing of Faortiary 11,1360. Ctreulara sent free of espeoae by addressing Don Rodriquez, eare of City Post, Caarieaton, South Carolina.Revolution In the Hat Trade.Spring styles gentlemen's ellk Hats, finest and tx>st quality;all tbe leaduig and most prevailing stf'es are now selling at ire low price of three dollars. London and Paris stjlrs forjtaie ard (' month-.Tbe friercs tLd relative- of the family are respectfullyuv.li 1 to Ailerd the funeral on Sunday afternoon, at ba.' pa'•'. <ne o'clock, from the corner ol North Sixth end StvrLlh streets, WiiliarnsDurg.(.h.Mu-i —On F::aay, starch 9, of consumption, WILLIAM GRAHAM, aged 21 years aud 10 months.The relatives aid Ineuds of the family, and the membeis of K ng ttrcet M E MU->icn church, are respectfullyUr I'A' is. ot Mif* —Mr ChatrmiTi*t«Aa«— the gentleman iron New York cannot becf tne city.* "^ D. APPLETOR S CO . PublishersS * aad .tt8 Broadway.whatever political events might supervene.There was a report current that a plot against the Em-peror of the Frc Lch had been discovered.A Madrid telegraph atates tbat the garrison of Melllllahad made a sortie, and thai the Spanish loss was thirty- three killed, 14S wounded anl twenty one missing.The Spanish press were unanimous in their demand for an energetic policy against Morocco.Tha Nova Scotian lakes one hundred and eighty tons of coal, and will sail this afternoon for Portland, where she will be doe en Monday evening next.Txe: e was a gale from southeast last night, with rain. THE LATEST MARKETS.IJVKWOOL, Feb. 28— P. M.rKi.i.M.».N\ —Cm Friday, March 9, CATHAKLXA MARIA.Cotton-Sales of last two days 12,000 bales, iaoludingdoll, and previous quotations are barely maintained. Breadstuffls steady.ITOvisions du:l; tales unimportant.Other articles unchanged.LO.VDO*, Feb. 23—P. M.Consolsclosedat96a.Expected News from Europe. SON ARRIVAL OF THB MACAU imerchandise and passengers for New York. THE LATEST PABTICOT.ARg.Syi'Ax, March 9,1860—7 P. M. Tbe foremast of the De Witt Clinton has been out away to ease ibe ship. ?he s lying along the beach, and in an easier condition than she was in this morning. At sunset her bold was filled with water to the depth of seven feetandahalf.TtieLossoftbe Hungarian. Bosrox, March 9,1860.Halifax papers of March 2 state tbat a numerous corps of divers bad reached the wreck of the Hungarian, whose investigations may lead to important discoveries in re-•\TO MEDICINE GHF8T I> PERFECT WITHOUT THM HARRISON —In this city, on Wednesday, March 7, JOHH 1> t'lieanut Grove Wtiaaey. Agency t>; i edar streetHALIFAX,March9—8P.M. There are yet no signs of the steamship Niagara now inand atrengtbeted. ThuawhileBRANDKETH8Pll'ssorelycurerheicolde, diptberia. and painful affection* renerally, they nerer to* jure. Wbee tbe aevertta ol tbe diaeaee a past after a few t"tbe patient gets well He a not strnck down by other aod formkUbie symptoms, which too often are the result of She iodine, tbe cokhieum or Lte other restedies ehlch here be<^e eaa- ployed. A nd, alaa, the doctors are here generally at a lorn aaaf the patient dies m the greatest agony. These results never place a ben Brandreth a Pills are used. Millions ofcured testify to their entire safetyBrandreth a Pills and their coDcentranoa, the Ufe AddsaeaPllla are sold at MMOaaal street, No 4 Union aquerr, and byher fourteenth day from IJverpool. SON-ARRIVAL OF THK AC3TRALA3IAV.SAXDT HOOK, March 10 2 P. M.There is nothing as yet of the Australasian, now due gard to tbe lessor the vessel and the bodies of her pas-all druggist* P P. F.Price M cents and 60 cents per bui.B BRANDRETHNEWSFROMTHEPACIFIC.sengers and crew.The Halifax Journal says:—"From what we can learnVirginiaRequisition forTwo Harpera F e r r y I n sou-greats.CutvKLAM), O., March 9, 18S0. Governor Letcher, of Virginia, has made a requisition on Governor Denntoon, of this State, for the arrest of Owen Brown and Francis Merriam, two of the Harper's Ferry insurgents, who are now, or have been, in Ashta- bula county. Indictments were found against them In Jeffersoncounty,Virginia. UnitedStatesMarshalJohn- son, on tbe 6th Inst., delivered the paper to Gorernor Denntoon,who,inaletterdatedthe8thInst.,declinesis- suing warrants, and states tbat his reasans for this con-clusion have been communicated to Governor LetAer.Beehe«%Co.,ASA Broadway,Have just Issued their spring styles for gentlt-raen't Hats.Thefriendsandacquaintances,andmembers ofGet- ty's Lodge No 11 I. O. 0 F , are tespectfully, Invited to attend the funeral, from the residence of her parents. NoSinger'sSewingMachines,forFamilies, tailors and all manufaou ring purposes, a*e unequalled. They are capable et doing more work and of earning more money, than any niaebtne in market The family machine, atSsvand S7B, are attracting tinker al attention.LU.BI.SUEBAVO.e.vBroadway,N.T.. 150Fu'Ionstreet, Brooklyn.\Vh< e^Ierc*iW Ilson'a Sewing Machines.— Odice 605 Broadway, New lork.Howe'sOriginal Sewing Machines, For Family and manufacturing purposes.Agentswantedtorthecountry.Ogee, 437 Broadway.Defiance Salamander Sates—With Pa- tent powder proof looks and cress barn. Alao, fire and bur- glar proof sideboard and parlor Safes Depot S3 Murray itreet,cornerofCollegeplace. BOi*F.KTMPATRICK.Herring'sPatent Champion Fire husii-fss we cannot tall jet. but it will all ta'cs. *or a distance of more than twenty fire miles. 80c Mess pork, $18 60 Whi.-key, 22c. Freight- and snd buralar proof Safes 261 Broadway, corner of Murray•Kuietokv.-jithellonpe within the boundsof •xpioratirn. This»attributabletoUserecentdiscoveryC o m m e r c e o f B a l t i m o r e . BALTIMORS,March9,'ul sUvrr mines In western Utah Tbe disposition, sincedtcsiic; r Have the membeis lost all sen6e of t^ete cijeoveries, has been to rearch more Mr sliver than Exports of the week> 000 000Au-kTMaN BIUDY BEFORE THK (IRANI* JritY .—Uf ptiuivethatouBapjlh^andimmaculate ul re asceitamed withct the expenditure of onPHILADELPHIA, March 9, I860t o l d . s t d the result is that veins of silver have been *c nd in ta'averas and Santa Cruz counties, and is the r<.a»t taige tear Clear lake.Decreaseas comparedwith sameweek lastyear .Tbereist>o.'tuttofthediscoveryofSilverminesinall tht se kcalities, but ahethcr an; of them is valuable can-M a r k e t s . PHILADELPHIASTOCKBOARDii ('able laber and capi'al. The discoveries already Bauroad, 21 % : Morris Canal, 52' : Long Island Railroad, 3friftid. AitVrthHu Brady, in>te*'l of having usor.beforehi*privateGmtirlj yofthree,has formorethoroughexploration. Therecentdiscoveryof NewYorkatpar.lirtrade are rperatirg as mvrnti'es to renewed exertions 11 *„; Pennsylvania qiiicssiiTer mites !n Souora and Napa counties are? cou-Railroad,38 VSi4°htexchangeonAND isdecidedlythebeetbatrdyeinthemarket Itwuldyathe'NEW ORLEANS, March 8,1860. Cotton—Balestoday,8,600bahsa'.lO^caHe.for What bf... nation he gave about that $2,000 Isiaisg mertury in a stale of purity, have been found all middling. Sugar steady at 6^c. a 7c for fair to fully fair. at,DgtbeboroorsofwhatareknownastheGeysermoua Flour,$660a$S55forsuperflue.Corndollat79^c.aOKOROfe, 8 LIQUID HAIR DTEi.ren brs.ie the city Q _ra d Juryhimself.udercdinportatt Depositsofcinnabarandrock,con-Tee mineral is found in loose boulcers on the sur- exchange without alteration. come out by and by. We suggest to the face snd in veins extending tito the mountains. Thestreet, Sew York.The Doctor Kane Refrigerators, at E. D. BA&SFOBD'S the Ocoper Institute.THE PTiPLE'S MEDiniNE -CR. TOBIAS' TIBET: AN Liriaext *ut4s atr.vaiied for nhetoatoatreiief k g'ree or threebOTea for SI K«* bos oontaina '•^.*f**? <TM*? L*chromic Hhermatlam Sore 1areata, Toothache, troai: aalc pel these veins indicate extensive deposits. The sup-CHARLESTON, March 8,1860. In tbe cotton market the feeling Is more quiet: sales to- day 1,900 bales. Sales of the week 12 000 bales: receiptsOand Jury ibe propriety of summoning piousPilsbory tu»ore them als.\ who aceordiog to claimed, and several companies are preparing to com- ofihe week 11,260 bates, against 8,250 in correspondingothers Hllt«r8I r?o d wholesale and reuul at teottaurua ,rB Craixacfallklads,itaeverrata Prise SkaaodMe. Swdbr »j drrtgis.a l>eoot fa Cottiardi atieet,THE HIST J ND PC REST DRINK OF THE AGE "CHI ST autotere Mhtokey. "JOHNB TOBB«U3,81Ceda7abbeLXTSETUL IR ALL FtMILIEfBhGEMAB A tX>.'S BBNSIRM. whtoh rssaorre patot spcta,areate,Acamieteaa*taglove**Uka,nbbonaAc. equal to new, wttheut the aMghetattojery to eakv or fei>m iKild by all arasattto. » ceeto ptr boule.WMT DO YOO SUFFER FEOM DEAFNESS ANDpisedvaluableporUotaof the mountains baveail beenthe Trib' nt and Toms, ha* b-*a in the habit u.rioe citing Auotaer quicksilver mine la about to be week last year. Stock in port&y,5C0 bales, against 75 5.0su-re, 91* Grand street. New Voit: Bra »,« • . »f2* - *^ lei,dtr A Co.. 1 bud ana WalBtttjaraeia, i auadalphaa1____-anikcdinllcttgcnisrycounty,sevenmilesfromUsenew inlameweekoflast>car. SterliDgexchange8u*°!,er of receiving seven thousand dollars from cer It?:a mines, already tasucossful operation.atned of their agent In this city, A J. P A a t B B sweet Tha article h superior toand aan be obtained at aa\t Beeamaatain private individuals in his capacity of Su- Ac vires frcm Caiscn Valley represent considerable emigration thither, iotwitbstana<ng tbe inclement season. perintendentofPolice. Whatrighthadheto1bemmiigaccouataareasstowingasever,butthespec receive this money from private hands in his ulntive spirit so cover* everything, that it to difficult to arrive at the truth. Undoubtedly many thousandper centpremium.-~TOMMVSSIOBFB" OF DKRPS OF ALL TH« STATE*Spring, extensive It his salary of $3,000 was not enough, the neUing region on tha eastern slope of the 8ierraCHARLESTON, March 9,1860, Cotton—Salesto-day,2,300bales,atstillerbutnotquutaoly higher prices.SAVANNAH, March 9, ISoO. Cottonquiet;salestoday800oaks,tbe marketclosinguachaaccd. 'Arc.rsTA, March 9, I860,TheBastAssortmentof Housekeeping Articles in tbselty at K. 1> BA^SPOKDS Cooper JusaViie.Hill's Hair Dyclay atreet. and sold by all druggists Also, lufaldble un- guent i or the hair.Crtstoatoro's Hair Dye, Wlcs anal Too- pees tbe best in tbe world. Wholesale sail retail, and the dye frtTStely applted. No. 6 Aslor House..ad Apothecary,C h e m i s t avenue aad Tweeproprietor, devote* to tne businessHoiIowa>'aPlllaandQtatt est*. nJragpubliccapacity,andwhatdidbereceiveitfor? publicc*naswellaffordtopayseventhou-nee*,a>steadilygrowingInstrength 8MB#partieswho90Cents. Depot 1 Bar-*MHtdoV»rS extra as any private parties. ItU is auilaaftil and a subject for investigation aireeoy opened at tea milliens doUare daring ibe presentSAVANNAH, March 8,1800. Cotton—Sales to day, 1,000 bates. Tbe tarn of tbe mar- ket to in favor of tbe buyer. Bates of tbe weeke.,760 bates. Beoeipta of the weaklJJJOJlaatea, agatossU K O bales last year Stock in port 63,600 bales. Ster-Californbuis willv n t thatthese theremines in the Is anotherfor tbe beliefMtcava Mcuntams, r'.taU:%g CaUforata in extent and richfMroadwar earner Duaae aueet_.Ehtusaatie Pata, when ycu J or tale ba*FriesDe&gk%%£Tbesalesofcottonto-daywereverytrifling. Prices bavereturnedfromWashoe,aresanguineenoughteesti- withoutcharge.A-ILTaK'8SYBUP»ALirROOTSrAN0MOMIRMKAX. HLSR^STRCF, oawealtay.deueatafemalea,anddye^ L ^ K ^ V h r P - l l i h a r e a t bW4 eariiier foe weaktie-a, genera i d« wiu * or jaundice, a a tare aad perfect tesssdy. The beat Knc'ea use ttBABRKS A PAKE aadF .C. WILIS a CO . C. II BINu. i:8Broaiway.aad*Udrugatotorauait,CLARKE. \V. WIl L l i S rTBFET. CAXLB ATFErTnOR tohaaewi Horipg Ooeta Haedtome Buatnesa Coals, tromlwt0•a?irrroel1*£*JP;%5LdRrtaatOtaBiBaaraPatWU; Every day V«n'a Si. rh.eCkHhB, ~ and Yeeungsto order | -n ° P ! « , lORlOFS, IF VERTED NAILB, BMLABfIRDmate the probable prodnction of stiver from ihe mines$7^00. Wha axe the private individuals that V e s t to the Truc£>e Meadows. At the Virginia mine ling exchange 108 a 1C8,**. - _ - . . . « - . the ore seems to be richer as they penetrate ^ Bairntnaa, March t\ 1160.PW*•*»money,andforwhatpurposewasitrceper;someorerecently taken outtoeedssetedH«I TUte are questions to which the Grand f* jMd s W f e per ten. At Hooey lake Talley the people th<ck that they have struck silver ore. andFlourveryarmandnosates. Howardstreethelda$6 76. Wheat active and buoyant, advanced 6c, at $14 tereofiherIfnUauOpera,la Paliadeipbia. PHII u-auaiA, March 9,1*10aale»at»en I _ B aroe deer below Cane! etrt.street (f"rme-.t, »i u «*eTl *-*/«$.Har Paaiengers 8af<—SteamtHK* ««=•** patched to sate Asalstanee or cite Sail p. die. The second evening edition of the Haaau>, published atET BIXIT TXABAaTgwa- fUBrttKT »rariirctl WAaMBOrjaaeceipts sod disbursements, snd declaring that from his constituents to stay at home, where he communication with her has yet been effected. Further will ccmnieace running coaches thrice weekly, and toon the city.*9 M array atreet, Mew Tarh. »0*aBLBta SAM.LT SlWiao MACHlggg.after s fair security ***! remuneration to the lestec the income shall be devoted to the pro- notion of the public comfort; appointing as superintendent to enforce those regulations a person having no pecuniary interest in thehas remained in comparative obscurity everparUcoJars will be seat as soon as possible.She to owned by H. L. Rich k Co , to 1,079 tons, ratestberessavr a daily lite. The ruining time to Denver to seven eajs.B i r t h .TBOMSOII—On Thnraday, March 1, Mrs. Kan. TMOSMOS,141WestEighteenthsireel, ofa daoghter. Both doing well. So they ought.D i e d .BIKHY—At Alkea. South Carouna. on Sstorday, MarchQ B O V I S a B i a t I S0 5 Broadway. Mew I n k " * * " "Va Fnaonnreet, Broakiya gtral work, wkkrh all saorue read, as u an para Isince. Buthavingoncetakenhisdegrees,the AI*,bootbyJ.A.Westervelt,ofNewYorkla1849 Fra Diavolo of the lobby could not resist the The United States mail steamship Quaker City, Captain effect of nil ancient affiliations; and, if we may Shufeldt, which arrived at this port yesterday afternoon,The St. Crofx River.GALAS*, Me, March 9,186".from Havana, transmitted the annexed note to our office, ffrry. tad asserting the power of the eminent up some characteristic capers in the bank of which, evidently, relates to the distressed vessel, the Denever berere pab>asaed. It eaaaair* ever feeT^ ewlakee. It eaahaix* ever fearaauaalaacredittheTJtica papers,be has beencuttingThe Maryland Legislature. BALTmoax, March 9, I860.Tbe Brook Railroad bin came up for a third reading, but failed to receive a constitutional majority. The bui was subsequently reconsidered, and is stili pending.ACADBMT or Mrnc—Morning and evening performanceswill be given here to-day upon a very extended scale. Atthe matinie three plays will be performed, tbe distributionincluding tha most popular artists of tbe principal theatres.The ereaiaf performance will include Italian Opera, byAibertini, Bsaucarde, D'Oraty and other popular artists; eat sea of Ghat Walter K.. aad Catharine A. Creasy, agedaad B*art> )KSS ecareetuavtnsa. Prtee | l aaasA saanedthe city tost night, reports to De Witt Clinton, ashore eightmregardtotbepositionofthewreckedvesselwhenlastand, if we remember rightly, a retraction ap-pearedintheveryjournalwhichfirstpublished ThesedelightfulPUstarsyieldreadilytoBBSthe He.tanard, like all similar horrible tales whicharegottenupjustbeforeeveryelectionto datestoFebruaryIT,andtelegraphicdespatchestotheAt any rate, it was proven to be aThe overland mail coach, wUh regular San Francisco frighten the old women in breeches at the 18th, reached here to-night.young geuia,WSL BANT A. Hatter. S67 Canal street, eoAer Wooeter.Byail Aa.TheyretaintheiraseiveiSAX FRANcmno, Feb. 17—12 M. Arrived 16th Ibe steamer Champion, from Panama.sailed 16th ship Malay, for Manilla.There Is not much business doing and it is raining again. The little tegular uade is done at firmer prices, A sharp Mississippicanhavenoexcuseforhisconductmovementtookplaceincrushedsugarsyesterday,aspeculator taking 1.000 to 1,2<!0 bbla., paying from 12^c ingivingMr.VanWycktheliedirect,to13c.Easternisheldat13>,'c.Duringtheweek30,000 and ibeo fh%lleoging him. That was the sacks of wheat, and 4,000 sacks of floor hare been pur-Menlio's Spring Style of Gentlemens' Hats are new ready for tnspeeUou at 416 BROADWAY, COS NEK CANAL STJLnkT.D a v i d ' s S p r i n g Hatsnowready.Salesroom299Broadway,neariiuaneaSpringFaahlonsReady.—Calland Ex- amine tne large variety of Hats and Caps for gentlemen andIK Dtaaea. them. One siae oncloth!threesizesoa it by mail oa reoeipt of 15 centoArrival of the California Overland Mail. MAIXOT'S SiAnox, March 9, I860.9 Durham place, Williamsburg, on Sunday afternoon, at half past one o'clockmotion of the body, absorb perapwaaoa *•* throw off all the offensive enof Ike system They ahouseen, she must have struck about midnight, when all bu*. the watch on deck were in their beds, and thus probably they perished."PARK'S PKICKLT PLASTEBS PARTRB'TSV tarABT STRBJtGrB. THBT ASS1H1LATB PAiM.RI<mtoKD,March 9,1860 Tbe House to-day adopted resolutions adverse to aSouthern Conference, by a vote oi ninety to forty tao.F i r e a t / B o s t o n .BOSTON,; March !>, IStW.SanFranc'ecopaperspleaseropy. TROMSO.V—Intiiiscity, on Fri'iay mom'ng, March 9.The steamer New York, of tbe New York and Erie Rail, and the Oswego for Dunkirk, this noon.g r a d e o f P h i l a d e l p h i a . PHILADELPHIA.March9,"860.s e m m e a iSpectacle*. Bole anl only depot 6693* Broadway.P e b b l eWeekly exports Weekly imports$18,600 i 62,860Slocksfirm:Pennsylvania State fives, 9'J;1;: ReadingH o s p i t a l i t i e s .London Clnb Sanre —This Vnri-valled cent premium: sight exchange on New York par to •* sauce, manufactured by Parker, Bros, London, cava oe jbISOVAK,N.J,March9,1*60. stariirg,assuhirs;enceontheplainsformanandbeast daaghterofOsptCutlerCblpman,ofChlknaboa,Mexteo. floatspeekedtadsMavoifcTauearneraseThe ship De Witt Clinton,from Liverpool, is ashore eight will be ver] precarious prior to that time. Tbe overland Ha>kiw( sjw_liksisivrt a- —On Wednesday evening.March eiprts* front this ci-y to crowded to excess, all the seats 7, at the ie<idface of tbe bride's fatber, Aucx. Haxtuics* bands of the House, and received permission miles south of Squan Inlet, broadside on the bar. No be-tog «i traged to April, at whieb Ume the proprietors toMt»s R*n«((.i, daughter oi Gso. Henriques Bsq.,aUiM*entCLUBBOOT~TM1)OSMfR"T^"oBMlTrESOF'THB atkle. font aid head, akBCall) treaUd by Dr, SAOMABIB. -. TrirDPber«Bi Is tlae Boat en/. TSOBreadaay.__The tee «mnt out of tbe St Croix river tads afternoon.Iixi-sraATBopublished near Chappe U s Depot, South Carolina, says Out (he picture published in one of the illustrated papers in this city representing the banging of an abolitionist at tbat place by a mob la an utter humbug ne such owurrenceTBBWOBtWI TOSICOOaDlALIMTiaoaATOat AcaxAisussureTOm ursrarricABWto sTMseyaladies fled to S comfort.TBS BK8T COaPIAL. AMD TOMIO FLUTTkRIRO OF TBE BBaBT CClRD.-d for the feet lei aoldatRa 4ITBJOBsquare, Rew Tork, 10<ORDWARIVBSAUCE, Fromtheroatoeef theRiahtBoa.LORDWABD,AMD IB THE ORIQTKAL WORCESTERSHIRE lAatTJsa. Pronouneedbycoeaoiawtrstotetheonlygeedsauce.HUMBUGS—TheNewberryCotuenttbet,having taken 'place there within the recollection of 107 East Twenty third street, aged 18 years and 2 monthIbe friends and relatives are respectfully invited to at Removal.—\Van. MeEvoy Has Removed tend the iuceral this (Saturday) afternoon, at twoo'clock,w l » UI T«a "RAIN 1-LOUliR.Voigtlander*«bSonsOperaandMarine incitedteattenithefuneral,'romtheresidenceofhis8, of oonsvsspejoa, JAMBS MOKROB, sea < ( Converaeur 8.B-bby, end tbe brother of Ed war 1 A. an« Alfred Btbby, O LAWABrJCB, Bo lFteey street, eatsrus. aged SO years.i b e relatives and friends are reepectfuliv Invited to a -meet address r> The puhue aregaed by ihe aaaaaftu aUerasrsSsr SMsl_tend tbe funeral at the residence of ais father in law. Thomas Owen, No. MS Benry street, oa Sunday afternoon, at too o'clock, without father notice._JGam.To_ to bay oatytntitea to attena his funeral on Sunday atternoou, half morocco, S4. half Eneala extra, St 60at two o'clock, from bis late residence, No. 79 Klcg A groti wanted to eanvasa for this valuable work.street, without further nonce. ID ciee e ur agent* are not to be found, we will send assise GKA(X.— on Fi -aay. March9 MARY ANK GRACS, youngest to tny nddresa (within SOUmi'ea , pest paid, OB reeetpl of thechikt ol Patrick and Maigaret Graca-^aged 1 year, 1 month, and OoaysHer tui.1 ral * ill take place this (Saturday) afternoon, at two o'clock, from ihe rteidcLce of her parents, No. l'i.'.j Baxter street. Her remains will be taken to Calvary Ceme- tery for interment.piles.a Subscripts Book la to be found at the store, where senser, be rs nt me swill be refiatered and copies seat to any DartHKNRT. only son oi Henry and Isabel H, Harrison, aged 1 tear anU l* days.His remains were interred in Greenwood Cemetery.Jamas —In this city, on Thursday, March 8, JOBSJKF- rsns. aged 70 years.Bifc friends, and those of his son William,are rt-spectfully invitedtoattendbisiuneralficmhislateresidence,cor- ner ot John and Gold streets, this (Saturday) morning, atteno'clock,from whencehisremainswillbetakento St. James' Cathedral, Jay street, where there trill be a requiem mass, after which they will be taken to Flatbush for interment.,UB HEal.TH SHOULD BE CARED FOB.JB.VM.NX.—Atconsumption, CORBBLU M , wife of John P. Jenkins, Esq , in the 31st year of her age.Notice of time and place of funeral will be given in Monday s papers.PoughkeepVie and Troy papers please copy.LKMOK.—On Thursday evening, March 8 IDA, younge-t daughter of Maurice and Mary Lemon, aged 3 years and 6 monthsMKRRiix— on Thursday, March 8, CaABm MLRRJIL, in the 7Sd year of her age.HerfuneralwilltakeplaceonSundayafternoon, at one o clock, from the residence of her son in law, No 8 Tnompeon street. Her lriends and acquaintances arc invited to be presentPoi.i.oiK —At South Orange, N. J , on Wednesday, March 7, at 8 P. M , MART FRASCBS, wite of Charles H. pollock, in the 2tUi year of ber age.the relatives and friena* of the family are respectfully invitedtoalien1herfuneral,fromtheresidenceofher father, IraT. Freeman, Suae ay aiternoon, at two o'clock.tion, LYDIA Ass, wife of S. S Post, aged 37 years and 10 PEBBT 8 JAPANESEmonths. BOOT AND SHOE POLISH.ADTE - T H BBEST,CHEAPESTWhitePlains, onFriday,March9, ofPOST—Inthiscity,onThursday,March8,ofconsumpGOOD HAIRlargest; sold at Ss. per bos.fc.tir, « h'tskerc or eye brows in a few aeeoada. Will aot eotor leteiafcecclc iBO*n.orsoiltbeahtoorlinen,andispermanent;it M-YK.K I AL.RS UK WaSUKS OUT,and can le seed at sny time Sold atto IHIB.f-aRVEK CENTS A BOX, #DEPOT.NO8POrTHWILLIAMSTREETANNA.I. M MNvilaB A Cu , ill iwoedvray, Neir Vork. Th» frltndb and acquaintances of th' family are invited THE LEFr* BRKAKINO i P PLu'^H1L0'TflLTMt aKliFLATED V*RE FcrmlebTGEBO.O~.ALLBR,414Broadway.ACTORAM._' Purgaihe tci-diclri-e » heu iiioperly prepare!, and usedaceordtog tothe tntraatty ef the disease, a ill not only core ta- il •mmato.-y and cainful afl-otlonai geoeraily. alweya mere or lea* relieve, but debtnty is never 1tod need. Tbe bowels beseg c.t-aDK-d, the dlBeetlve funetloes are igreatly tot.roved, aad the peoeet,sorerfrombeingweakened,lanourlabed,euppertedPATENT PORUB FB1CELTPLA8TEBB, Chronio Pains, raininess Dyspepsia A s s Sou) Consumption, Bstnnattan, Female WaDEALERSFrom 1 to pato oaaaet eaiat. Every family ahouTurea a furrew l'»o let-'. de»p 1lie best 11 *:ph tur _ae.•xrt;I h » _ *!.:•tfrefit•>*AflcftnaPstti.atthe Academy ofMh'-c. ¥ ai .-.* «r'!h r r#rmSrlB>lr>« AmrrJ^atrlUflta et i1,»lia<tit ajt i*SBaT ^ ^*- —^- t>*v Iraaea eat ewe r^VeRkarttaieaaFlour closed witb an advancing tendency sales at $ > 60 ai..§6mOiwftofomrosudpeemrfained., cbW'ehilivskfeoyr tHbe.Rlaotwters. trMadeses, spaolrets13069www.fultonhistory.comIP!*. Pf AFF, n^MEQFATilIC FBIIICUN AND sTJlGarrmATt,MarchM9.e1ss8Jt»rkl^t . ford^eawngieaiUfj lag.cieaaeia,. eur Pjs««e. We'^chet. Clocks and J e e ^ ' y ejeacedaadrepa^red_iaths ties^aaaaatr &y~U>c" fiaes Loadan%tfg££Tho309 South 4th Street Fulton New York 