 |The on this occasion was the dignitaries. sceneryplace lived In Denmlirk the constructions of Rabbinic chronologers an es- and Mr. Tbomfsos to do but to run the .gauntlet. told blm that he hadI 1:ewliHri|»rlniiproibundest queations and for the truth andtainlyde- science m modem timesunderstandZZmTmiI tnz*«f diwboaawtcfmnstrious dbomat,died itdUlalogiaV the tot]tb« kola! baeUMaoaMch eAllantMl at the ef-"dom which he has carried into fhe treatment of tho"Place inimpressive proof of theexai|aiMkgJ^'botS t^i^^ my fiselingwiji'tory ofnot but have beenphical studies, to which his robust German appetitetheir own law ofmade to reopen negotiations. On the following day supplies were sent in by the Chinese for the use of—Lcttera which have been',.- laeeiiTad Ja ^qvik^ ~Col9iJiil'correspondencethe subject of a Constitution for Prussia.time he wrote out a Constitution after the English model for the King. His Majesty was muchstudy.explanationappear-salotlt^arequalitieswritingisTf stimony riitirhtdFirst saw the oapers when tlw^«^^_'"J'*deaagiaaa Chinese brought off in boats, aad oooatad as they entered, aad^fatem^tnrniagtoeaxrf beaid; TbefoOawtsc" Usat. MoCsaau ptopossd Ihs:OVBABOMUH. dona eiof t]|raqie(flifee>«f tkatwknftay Mt, ia BedlB te ISST.weightier——'At tifei~.>«fc- ii,..ii a^"w^w« - -- *lnnHl,«id ttia feet fc» b»a|uuiof thetun-of pietyand Theology, that have pervaded hisanvelopment of historicalIflmiljMWi '«|fi|ii«<liii yA splendid band was In attendanceand played sweet musle throoghout the day. Timewhom Ood'a and giftsgracesare more nniiad thaaJBaota rept^ag^taJUsrin^minii"-"--"iextraonUnaryoccor.? S!!smill iT"i< bMd^av, •tom- toIS arav.teiAcr nnaiwualfaUiia flj^^^TT-^^I^^y^swoida, • afleoltf' in the ?*"•«•" TM«My motiom ofbypcopoahif "TbeAfliripdJgv«i^~tteWini^Sda^Kotesffer, ftt liis seventietli..'^Miny in *«"«iiM to whom thiaittaiband tad haa-ad s£m. w£.^Z!!123CS&SiS«rfi»IlaOhifclteMuBUr- BTCBthBrnadtBeoiteeof address. ."pitkniHlUb ! UwI »» UlaaaiH.a^^^^ik»2^S—-"*"<: Hll *mproposed^lie l^eoon of Japan."Egypt's^MtehtaMS^^jE^!>«••n*«w1PMWl>TBrtrtiiiriiitil neapdanreturn antUseraial tens hadI>urittgtha aflenooa. maay Oiaamen were aboutthe " Hotel, eadaavoriac to ooorsrse with the««|M|MS||fiMM>i*»<ii-Om Ol>WllliMtiMliii1 hM%Mirie at the Palace.elapsed.itfMcarioga.. .£^sn^£^i.is:i£±eacouatcT. , _iaa dispatch froB lom"11 ItfAilget en boaid >blp ttian were the Ambassadors on this'«!'> tremember tne gay testMties and joIUty of that event-orcation ;its siiioe our aiilval herefete jet^idng supreme In their own country, or not,that rsuse. By the Javaifesssagerof alatadate, I i-ee the Eogllah Consul seems to have had a slight alftcult}'iilth tome high efflsar of their Obvarameat, sou his rtmotal has been applied for. OnthefoUow- Uig « tei)ing,)he Governor.Oeaaral'had a grand reeep- .Hull lur the officera of the Niagan and others ; theretba powers, ka. T«ai,Pi<BeesfI..tHaatttt* SletlSrkBa ahnost abso-Idonot kiiuw.buttt ihlslsth-suppose, peace. LelHIaAaarfPaM^sbe^a fMtet paiMI^Slled hitn, on thehis studies, into Holland, and thence to Copen-hagen, where ha got an inaight into the Scandina- vian languages, and learned Tcelandic from Mao- acsaxv. In 1816 b^ visited Paris, where he en-Intpthe vastperiod anterior to the bistoiiealeraofaesert.lSosawperarllT saspead twtiBileariB era' ifi'Fllf ^^'^"^' Aa hooses are ofatofr,. SvonPafOrztteoeain, front, prettyUMnc neari^ and all embow-a~ most refresbing of tropi- I'wlioM gires one the idea of pex-The roads are I'lPhsMDOta speck of dnstamong Whom Danelnx was kept upjoyedtalists, and under BtltistuArabic, Peraian and Sanskrithad been broken oir at and Tlen-tsm,'them, and,at tberequestofluzniy.of &e Dutch army, accompaaied by theI have forgotten, and Capt Aasissoa, with twentyWilson, tbe first and second m<>tas, were tha asea heaAmaiieaa ConsiQ and severe other oScIdls of tile dty, etiUe on board the Niagara, -And were presentei to thsTiteibassadors by Capt. W. W. McKsax. Afier a shatt-lateivlew, the whole party descenJeJ to the staaaasa, sU were soon tinder way lor the landiaj;. firiinsjUWlBI llin Dutch flag- ship of the rear Aamiral atnmejIj.yHt, for gun, by this ship. At the Fort, an- other wM^uhderea forth of the ssme number.influence on theOf BnNSXN's labors in Biblical Criticism andSikh to ask an. cavalry,found on beard did nr.t make ;self sfai|y;^|:as.fptlawsing the current year, tlie fifth, thougo compteteit, by the author.Chief, with nearly all thethe canal, from camp to camp, towards Pektog. The going on In the vessel, nor tQI Ilia were seatTh^lfttoiTiewwas short, but very agreeable.Mr. Paaxas and his party are still detained.Theyiher in a toaineteen guns was fired, which was re-that lift them far—were banded to me on board the C<>njr.:Ifalws, Sept.slowly through the famous canal whicnBiHb the etty, amidst thousands of all sorts of MMf^Mwa,and the most primitive kinds of ; all of them manned by the down b; this Government toWa^BwbaaPabxis, where the river was—but he held to his re-; psssage home found on board of bar abroad btna paa-ecaallt$MaitoiagcnttB ]iatlTd^wiiaara.gieandtemples,;was to charge of thedothe 1l<^|rtap))-Covernor of the city, with several other bUlglhi Bi)llary and civil officers, were in wailing, with aassebrt of cavalry, several companies of infantrv, aad a basd. The presentation gone throu^ with, aad tka-Rasldent-Oovemor offering the hospitalities of Ihs'plire ts a neat little Dutch speech, the proces-:foUonsirt^maoalM on Java ponlesLby iisuriet-blaek ponies,wasthe universal, and translating the idioms ofvance, as the safety of our party within their lines gave the General couflderable anxiety. Tills party,from Flagwgtam;they**tW*Tl T^'.*.labor Imaginable,At the landing,wereto visit the Harmonle, which was an/ iUtkiril6oaU-ao-Kiia, First Ambassador CapL' #: W. UvSma*, sad the American Consul, Hr.and one of his daughten is the wife of Mr. Joax Habfobb, the author of the latest Life of Miobail Axqxlo. The following is a list of the more eminent of.the foliageof themost luxuriant.Among theas a pietist, has done, to the formDragoons leg.eral lost no time In advanclngthe troops, and m saidHas*'T»*rPeiPfsg« Drawn by four cream-colored po-foralwaysi tiftlio»,Jr.aatrywith thewho surrounded our force, but had to retire with great1.1] of animportance for the wh<de history of the human mind, and connecting the origines of Sgypt withTlinu*'vate Secretary ;Capt Baausea, "-ntr llstlrtint fjiiiiliiiaiilMGeneral,aadCaptAmxasoi,ofFane'slieeu taken Two prUouart,agree- la |100,IIM a STa^SS rasidence,laws of Descent—;l-Sf be -eup- ktethU charming »' Itetiafaclion and',and dejxwits of the antique Khamitic, Semitic and Inmic races—back beyond the Deluge, (which heIn our last Overland we mentloaadIn to reply^-^ depend-the instructions of the French Orien-that aagatla.n is one of theoere Ksny of thetill a iaie iwur, and enjoynM^tw Itb one aid all. A number of our officers, who areregardsas aspecial cataclysm,and fixes at aboutsteps PBKSOtl&iU.I where the littleof an English clergyman, was in 1818 made Secre- and that the autlsera pf the King have suggested the tary of Legation, and the road to distinction andwithin most positive limitsfor we have in thosefound that the army was surrounded by Tartar troopsand gave him his appotatmentSaS* ~».rats •,-mliti the low-wheeled ve- subnibs and villas beyond.before him. He is said to be fast advaaciiig;—AwiA steepfor the East India Statiaa, are Uvlng m—Kev. J. R. a. Clark, ofDiss,aeba|Mby MaaseiWrAwoPM bo-Kahi, Second palm, perfectly beautiful to gaze upon. Underneath&mb«n««r, ^d Col. J. W. Kipur, United Sutes Aimy.Bcnsxn'b numerous works" 1843.••The ConsUtuUon of the Church of the Future." 12mo, Loudon. 1647.Hlver that ;r-"*- ana «<_.the the porcupine plant,cactus,prickly-leafhistorysuch a name, itthey__^whoseand lor g thorn is a perfect barrier for all animals. Added to this an immense number of birds, among which the most plentiful are the little Java sparrows,where wantedus,we tham)toldthembewasetriaat»Iawn by four bay ponies, occu-rightin the form of a teml circlepied j^pp^BW-t|^g^ao-JCAifi, Third Ambassador or luibi<f-VK4iito, Treasurer, and Lieut. J.«>e«a*lir;Toantui, interpreters. Then foUowed beautifuliiln stss|t a«t>adawts of the Embassy, hi different car- and there in it. instead of being in a large city. OiB-in theand that. If i he thley wlataed,woBldre^f^amN. Bili&.<Oi«tt'V*'ffWifs#i "W^sMtbwn by four gray ponies, oc-favoringaparticular system,Afterdrivingthe Chinese from their position,agehome;theydid notayto what alaa port ; theyand the villas as it were dotted here ilages, «M1 officers and the military bringing up the cers with us, who have traveled in Italy, say it sur-1854. -Outlinesof Universalrisesinthe tooneofhisvolumes,andhe Onthe21st,theAlliedArmymovedonInthedirec- beturnedonthecoast,wiwia.thecoastasgrase prefacerear.After about an hour'spasses everything they saw there, and 1 think theLuudoB. 18M.'signs of tbe Times. Letters on the Dangersaspiringsouls.called Pa-li<hlan, a mile and a half west of all they said to witness about the nutter ;.fal Btioets of theto in the Present State of the Religious Libertybridge the wooden 'Tung-chau, and the English uponbridge witness took the nemes to Monrovia, eairytar tba? CoLJ.W.Rmar, 4*il|i> StaMjIg AiwUcb,'Ilr. BcoHAHAawhich was responded to 'by' the First Ambassador proposlDg the President of the United States.^eae t£itwibothtatiw letter neelTed twsNTSmSSCrtSal^&SBtalae.'* '.There fiepoor nobleletter says It coafleaae, awewcaOed into iltar, aheoUthe health of Capt. W{^. Ito:•.BiaBEs'ifctemost^ pliable BpiOt kas long been dear iixthe nflUe fraa- fliat nagnifiecnt piece of B^tiatieal ftlti^i^^ aeeming to bewss fast and the flyUig,bot I never knew oneteiraption Mian'-Ambassadors, wishing to do some shopptoff, left wltti terenl officers, and did notJaps," te MtiHltoipa of bat thay hava afaitioalai antlpatfay towards thislUsbAfttabat aa the frigate " FUPtaff* BalioK,aad avoided them wherever, theytheyear,and tntlMaxlrtiMti»»' I iiiiia ste-idtaappointad. Thefamani the krf^ooaUtaHhonchtheTWenttia rich merehants of the city. Gnat ezotleaMnt prevailed' throughout the whole day, onaoeount of our passengers.landlDg, on board the graceful little steamer, gUdlng smoodk^ over the even surface, aad at 6 o'clock onceTHE CHINA WAB.Tbe Allied Anay befare FeUac—Tira Bat>ties—Eaiillah Piiaaaera takea ta Feklag—Praepeet* mt Pemee.the BritMl arny Tangebow, crusnini allQo^er- 'bem pleasantmore delighted to the; Mtmnd to be In particularly fine spir-BowuT, Mr. Looa, Lord EMia*s Pri-lathaeootof the we wen against the evealBg,,iStaasui, OminSlahanging BMnre tramping the deck of our loatlng home, long toSeptevber,.tbebrotberofday.personsphilologytoo, an delightful, and in the in favor of the Reyno d'ltalla." I hope he will goin- tellect, who was then in the volumes of liis Him-geology,hve of onr force aad several hundredsactaaUy.eoqpsBll.lIP eftbeaoeay androlleddownthebluffintofk»MIsAiiina"aailJ Bcffiliit^sB jrin are whaled over the cause-on and succeed as well as he has done heretofore.penetratinginfinitely more intelligible, because intellectual were kors ie comkat. placedyMlMiiiliislilii Bnes of dusky, half-nakedThe next day a flag ofWhat was fhe name of tUs eafliMer, or boir 1niiii pMn, yon see the paddy-fields on ',This hand-Rome Historical could creating Criticism,derersof bl*disposed remaias, Isaotatated.-kyoo, aach with his burden of everywe find himfold philologic, archeolo^ic, historical and philoso-loftyTung-chau looted. Thelatestnewswehave IsOeoige P«|^y, iMa O~Ht return to tbiM 'eaotti'r-affl^,ftqia^o alung hybdft iaeEns'aTe toying with the water ;on whoae«< tpU coceanats, their tuftediIandulatingsidesWeltevreden, where all the merehants re- principalside, repairing only to the old city (which was built onthis period belongs the Topographical Ducription of Rome, undertaken by Bdnbx^, Niibithb and Bbakdis in connection with Cotta, wtiiie somelater he united with Okbhakd inyears foundingthe Institute of Bome. His ac- ArcheologicalquaintancewithChampollionalsodatesfrom this period, (1626,) and must be reckoned one of the fundamental of his Champol-LION was then plunged deep ingenius.Of course, it is but the spirit of these audaciousfrom Peking, and two or three from Tung-chau. The found deed in his baia. It Is snnpose»d «fc««th« wql^t of the heavy fruit, too, and branching wild fig- KWi^ Iba. filaqr, lacorlike leaves ofmarshy ground,chronologic— °— J.tta ^tataf -Mft^iBonv«4H(iB<aig Kong. Tscx Bubs.Gen. the lAthwith the 6<Jththe 2J witness was Uen sent on ;elastic bamboosbe has deferredThe old town is at present principally occa- pird by Chinese and the descendants of the ancient Atinkwoodandacateiaa,whilebalowarethick- colonists,—severalofItsstreeishavingbeendeserted lwwli<>n»» eiacUing palms, nestling snddtmclished. More recently4iowever,the Baron Ca- ^ fwiBboilt babitations o^ the pxuxR, whose ealightened Administration vrlll long be gratefully remembered In Java, sensible of the superior advantages of the old town ss a place of trade, ex- erted himself to prevent its further decay by removing the causes of its unbealtUness ; to accomplish which, he widened several of the streets, lllled up several ol by tks sea. Ikom is a long the canals and cleaned othera, dsmoUshed uselessof the progress of the Allied ArmyPc-si-nA, Sept:Teryfiseblelimnnigliisprompted BoHSXir-Wa-ja bat &liOf land in thiscotoiaawonderfully laf the Dutch East Indies.investigations,by market was soon established, prfoclpaUy by people who had foUowed us from Tien-tsin. Supplies were broughtfJalaiili is an unhealthy place,in the suite of whoseembraced the slow gestation of the primeval races, sired.F aC^aasalJike breakwacar, crowded •hna, «tore the mighty malariaand the effect of these measures has been, that the old dty is now as healthywith religious questions, BiniBKX, by his zeal and theo-Tang* stonerMoaau. —JB^won the esteem of hissovereign,antiquestand stratified in the line and law of a new and mental geology.The same high spirit pervades the Philosophy ofUnivirsal in which Bunbev alms to dis- History,ofaround the scalp.I tbvei nw threeunder the famous Hinra, he greatly dis- tinguished himaelf as a classical scholar, and in 181S, at the age of twenty-two, published at Oot-tingen an essay on the AthenianDa Jurepersons fahr sex."pr esent,ds Sact stndled He had it nextthat the marching upon PeUag.ii 1 '^ any -riMtiiy pSapadJpT;by Language, Mythology \Inexpediency of leaving, or in other words, abdicating "the village of Uo-ko-chuaag. Aa eagagemeat im-Language, Mythology, Beligions strata of mental retire with some loss. A second eagagemeat took with too great freedbm at PMItar TliMni gj^;A word about Batavia and I am done.some dt)' Is the capital of all the Dutchthe East Indies, snd the prlneipsl trading port of thethemselves, and carrying in themselves their onlertruce was sent in from Fealng, and proposals werem the northwest coast of Java, at the mouth of the Jaccatn Kiver, on a very I ; here a stream of rapid wa- exterslve bay. Population is 1SO,000, Innlsdlng about j^tiia roadway, where scores on scores S,(XO Europeans, and the rest are Chinese, Jsvanese,plungingbeing munlcaticn with a French steamer, which entered theOriental Islands. It Is situatedMawhen ha expects to take <^ Usthe day.:fortmcations, Ac;liaee nightly with the as any other town in tlie Island.judiciousoccupiedBitesandReligion,andtheevolutionofthe —dw, thai the Chinese have their quar-logical learning,and there is no doubt he Iiadnth ftoB the muddy state of the road.On the 12th the march was resumed, aad a placecalled Nan-tssl-tsun was reached, and on the llih wearriveUat Uo-sl-wu, the largest town, ezesptiagtha crew of the slavarhere OB Wednesday, were bronght bafcna tW Ckm misrinnar, baadeogsd, aad drew aSsr tbaA^ialaqia' crowd of people, wbo were aartaatta-get »1lBlg4rf the slave-catchers. Tbe Coaasissio^ *'^^^ **death, oter the port. It isThe Jaccabra Is navigable for vessels of 40 tons, t«ro miles inland, and ships of a largs class anchor In tlie bay, one and a half miles from the shore.The chief exports are coffee, sugar, pepper. Indigo, hides, cloves, nutmegs, mace, tin, rice, rattans and arrack. Chief imports, linen and cotton goods,asharethen introducedelgbtofBlsisita,wha tt^rttand toss-houses, and thrive ia Wiril^4MMhMaa despite the unwholesome at-reforms wiiich theinto Prussia. This peraonal regard accounts for Bdssxh'b rapid advancement in the diplomatic ser-On NllBCHX's retirement from the embassytet; ilMbttlfcahnipawe had sees on the march. At thisithett.seven or eight thou- wooien stuffs, provtsions, wines, metallic wares, andvice.at Bome, (1824,) Buiibbh was appointed Charge d'Affaires, and in 1827 he was named full Uinister.principlesprinciples toligion as the two universal and primitive manifes-firstproceedwith the exaniaatlsB of O!- 'Wllspa andt ln-Jjay^r-aMBavf the regimental com- pilativesoldiers,withalespect-manufactured articles of all kinds Itom Europe andwas finally completely plundered. three days.We stayed hereHenry, Ksq., appeared far gbs an iieaealiua,J. Donahue and W. R. Beehe, Stv^ fiir^bs_ _with tbeWMta^atAwiJBan Teasels in port, but on Rice used to be the staple product of Java : but It Isilli MMlfiiof mixedtered into it heartily, and obtained from Popeiharch on theofphilological accuracyandoflinguisticre- throughonthepreceding.AsatTien-tsinandtbe hewasonboardtheComsttUmtitm,oatbaCaMtaf1i*l i1HmKlk^fMnI0i«adthQclipperft dai^Ataai. Beeton. At Anger Boada, however,on tfarMtk, we passed the Three Sittert and /n- Lilie all other places In this portion of the globe,tbutrf,hsnewardbonnd. ThemailforSingaporecloeseeltaod4ayT,anBd the NAiagara weighs anchor to- ~.... 1,:,catequestionmarriagesarose.aay'sniniipnf^siriiaMilriflsil, kjCycloneatroubles.^ When, however, Gbxgobt XVI. suc- search,shoe withouthis plaited queue mixed with red silk, under a Manila hat, and witli his Paul Pry umbrella, which he seldom On Wednesday last, extensive arrangements hoists, loolis a^ much lUe another '* John Chinaman" bsilBCjlfati made by tlte dty authorities fur the re- who passes l>im a> two sawed rails in a fence. You see the Arab with bis head entirely shorn, or the dark- hairec Lascar, most diminutive In loin wardrobe, butboard of her with a feqaf^ deck, asked the asme of tbs us, and the French also came up. Mr, Pabxss rode vessel, and was answered that it was the Ow«,afUvRis Staiis Shi?Car «t Batavia, Java, Ocu 9, 1860.BnNSXM, being—reachingherJapanese Ambassadors and suite, who tbafa- Intention of making a call oq His , ike Governor-General, Uc, of the 1»- laad, |ftt ift Bie same time assigning as a reason f)r this SsMement, " that the Dutch Govsmmeat and their anrahad always been on terms of friendship ;")sophical method for the analysis of language—asWe left Ho-si-wu on the 17th, and after a very in Spanish, which witness partially nndernoed; du£ty march arrived at Malou. Mr. PASxas rode oa the man said that the vessel lud noNiaqasa,I{untilbecome historicalthe Malayan women In veiy brief attire, their ctiildren strapped on their at tbeseaity hoor appointed for leaving the s>up in the backs, sitting bv tiie way-slle, chewing the areci-nut moraiasi a bcautijfal little iron steamer came aloog- or tietei leaf, that thev may spit blood-red saitra ; alda, Im.the; purpose of conveying them to the shure. "John Bull" ijd the Holland Dutchman, with the Be<j|aa,_eBaliarkln^, the Lieutenant-Uorernor and costume thty always carry into torrid temperatures, vhite roundabouts, jmn's and shjes, and on their heads weie a kiiul of hat made uftne pith of a tree, \fcij ligiit, and covered with white silk, an-i looking verj- much like a small butter bowl inverted. These hats do not touch the head, but a ring ot covered wire is fastened inside, made to fit the heal, and the hat is suppoited by other vertical pieces of wire, so that there is always a free circulation of air at ail timescharge of the vesselwitness' own crew re-of theChina, Slam, Bengal, Japan and the West Indies.BflMBXii's residence at Bome the deli-^ The first witoess dkUed ires THu. EashnA, aa «-America,productsArehipelago,Duringand nationalwithice, nowfarsurpassedbycoffeeandsugar,thecultursofLeo XII.to anendtoallthe putboth oi which has astonUhingly lncreasedj%Brief,designeda method had been established foryour attention is first arrested by the grotesque—theceeded a differeut view of the was Lko, subjecttaken at the Vatican, and then began in Germany,ing a given language and detecting its affinities trees and the mils which could be plainly seen in tha was captured after a three hours* chase after caaslag ;" lialtiooscope ot costume. Our friend John China-man" is present, and attires himself in dark nankeen«;sae didfinrfitig autbeeie ftsLcloihes,earsbisclumsysocks, twistsHo-si-wu, Queen's,Mitchsll, funjat>8,Kifles,artillery joined crew;gaudy In the vest that covers his finely formed chest the Parsee clotbed in his gown of wlilte muslin, hishim to a vil-turban and pointed shoesporaiymained with himboard, but afier leaching her ceck, saw some'in theTbe religions of all these people are strangely dif- ferent.found spirituality, namely, and the extraordinary to the effect that we might encamp where we were. 27 village, previouslyiThere is In thegSicen.dressed to the Judge of the Court often jspekeflat ;upthe Frenchman, but he was surrounded, deprivedpartbrought Fredericks, one of the;theof. the Governor-General and other palace highman, andhonors which were the latest gift of histo which his historical researches conducted himshould have startled timorous persons, wlio esteem the was full ol troops, nothing was left for hint fiiid he lived In New-Vork ; tne other pnsoaardriveplace, wlu an Immense crowd on t]ie East." The morning and evening scene in the_. to full dress) andare wanting at this date and distance. whollythroughplacedeservedlyname,|"World." 6VO. London,1849.mujtlty." To be in 8 volumes, of wtUch volume one characterize it, a sketch has been given above. bridges, and the fight very soon commenced. After the prlwaen UU wimess that tbe arata*''* P*^ ''*^* »*•» •" 'O"""*' TTOCeftded to that place with a military escort,pro- everyhiody once more abotrd, and to-mor-are said to be atPeking,asBOng the wild beasU. theCur.onleartlfWew-the most beautl-receives itsMof us, the Palace of the Governor was streets or around tbe suburbs Is always animated, la ".';** Mual salutations and ceremonies on the morning, with his proverbial Industry, in rope har-—Place In Universal History." Brought For any adequate picture of his spiritual linea- about two hours' lignting,swere exchanged, when His Excellency -—among his staff (who were most:and another is pushing heavy loads In a small wagon ; or footing it In a trotali^ps4 tbey dM net say who the man was who received the n^raes on bear^ Cro»-»aii>m<^—Found on the Cora, bulde the a^or wbaa tweatr-eis parsnas ;him-<.,^ii9JSS.^99L'o •"?• *•* pleasure of meetlnK with his juvenile Shanghais. At every comer youof the Malay driver's long- lashedTS£jRffi'*^!'**§**uattsa aiales. aad give you a cordial welcome to report11.Obs;^asad to bear that mission to the whip, as he comes up full run, which he Is bouud by i'SSl, *_*>? We yourto into it. and Theology. More than the briefest Oi him, any man,Ai5S:.i?T*~•>**" to all law to crack for the purpose of avoiding collisions. satisfactory parties.Historycharacterizing of the spirit of his labors in thesepraiseThanSS. The French are at the stone ers encampedwasonboardtbeCMssMfaMni woofciaoticnow ;*" '"^* ^^^tSnSS ?£.*° T<TM' agreeable whilerj^^yfya^emalna, wlU be done withgreat pleasure, nnwMnyoB take departure for your nmlve land, Iyou mayhave a prosperous andand^TM«^tmstTo- «|iea remarks the Ambaassdors bowedspeedy low, andtheyaretheir thanks to Hisla a Excellency veryequal $3 per day.questtoreopennegotiations. Ihaveomittedtomen- onerWilsontobeafromhisaccent*fewAs ^mar»d been ordered at the Hotel des Indes, to beforeignerJjraraedintellectualandmaterialsanditsnewmethods,hascompletely Supplementarytohisindividvallabors,itis, oftrucetoTung-chau,andwa^firedatfivedues. tion;thethreematescJlentoWVlmttfyjTM*^"oJa•b^^JULL"''***^'^^.^i!:^!""'^- ship,History,are among the most illustrious embodiments of theTHE OFFICIAL DISPATCHES.The China dispatches from Lord Eloui, tha BritishAmbassador,and Sir:Honin-Chief, wllh their Incloeurea, fill aevanl^^^•" 2'a^-2-!S!^« WMWrnaO, morefull of interest and significance. Certainly thatbrooghten board as asslstsatetogreet^ and notes prt**"^'"^"ttsedthepersplratton cooling dresses were subsU-doth and tinsel. "John Chinamen" and Malavs coat»,-p«lm mats md curlosiUei wl^•"*5?*?^*»" •*/!»"" *^"oon their chances ior pnrch^rtng in foreign coun-among It istwenty-fivemade him the "first ofOaaar,tha[Commander-WUa« andHWAy quantity ofbsckthrough the whole development Comparative encouragementhispages of wita?ss that theAniwjan ojpWn^IWy TJSTir.tr.Irlk"^;'^'?"*""eamsfor^i^pt^l' pectcareer which of.yrII ,;iis amemorablegoesEgyptologists;We that biiefly«ondeaae them. Latham, snddH aot know the ""«>said the Amerlesa ewtaUaM«Uteanother letter this has ;Philology and all its magnificent results,tory- ;Philosophy of History for those labors whichthat on the llth tworived ia great haste from thechatM ofth^v^SitoSiS cut the boato loosa, aoaoaafusion the dinner wasbeen fined $1,000 for crueltreatment of Conrad Floyd,havingJattarof previous day„, and also that.PtTMhe»fparties JmSeuniuaoewd-tnrram had not been identlfiad. The District Attorney «adyiiesdh the twtlllnrs and about atteenaa. of thethewhich Counselobjected was noto the °L"f<a«i«ani's efflcenwsia syon seated at asomeiy decorated table, eovered with all the dellca-ed, genial,generoustwo daya after his departurecl»« ofaround, and It was not long UU hUarlty aad mirthLinguistic Philosophy poring over hieroglyphic inscriptions„,..)fio,t. "rUflMtethe 6ea5on.Champagne and lee was passedtli it squirtrait of thekindly blue-oyed,*eIlongAbnold was cheered byto the work of his Soman His-nets, one Chinaman isor in true sense a biography, materials ments, anytha French hadstone bridge on the right and our right wing had ta-them of any clotblag tbeylud onthe with expressed through streets, bigstrapped chicken-merchantbe- ing as yet unpuolished,) contains nunerous additionsMeanwhile his actual* "bsssadors from to thiJapan hear the loud—and the State is legible enough to all who area churches,stadt-house, exchange, hospi-Invitationspriest-to tb* two mates, Olseo and Wilaon, qn tbe wag Aaiaa,cityTo lay deep tbe foundations of faith in the necessi-ties of the human mind, and to establish and con-firm it by history, distinguishing the local from clined, but for the time we made no movement in au- the return bomenumerouslarge club bouse termed the llarmonie, and attotanlcexceedingly pleasant place to while away the time. AtSinthe morning a large party of us took a drive through theheposition to the pietistlc turn of the Prussian Court and Government, weakened the favor which for more than twenty years he had enjoyed with the King of Prussia, and towards 1863 he ended his diplomatic functions, and retired to a studious pri- vate life.that we should where we were, and of- encampa Masonic emblem als» foaad ;aand two orphan hospitals, several Cliinesenant havii g en it lered to supply us with water. This offer was de- books nn navigationtal,amosque, Chinese theatre,a extended to all the officersqueststreets of thewe saw the Dutch cavalry and Infintry In pa'^e."husks and envelopes. How long," he indignant- Frenchman and some of the Chinese troops. The [Icentified Latham as the Individual ;! the name on tbeKing's plain, where This plsin contains about 1 ,000 acres and is perfectlyprincipalon his shoulders, goes the Malaygroes.twenty-flvawok wasthea prlsoaersEver} body rides and nobody walks, even if Ithe consecrated his noblepowersbridge and we at the wooden bridge, about seven them by sight tf It were not for that drcuBHtsaw,; badfine and plenty of themcluding a carriage, to live on shore.historicalrevolutionizedvisions Is ;exercised in other andhimselftheauthorofworkswhich thisgiftedmindhas excitingrow we sail for Hong Kong, touching at Singapore for B'thhig was irst resorted letters. Good health still reigns throughout theminds to productive activity in manifold directions.York was Intended for the Siave;«adfcDirect «oimnofi<m "sumei.--tt^»^^^^puUln|,every;;isto cross the street, and 1 venture to say there aregiftsmore carriages here than In theofA flag of truce was sent in to-day from Peking, with together about Line or ten Spsaisrds on Ihe Corn bota;—an achievement which has hardly satisfied the expectations ofhas on the of the human mind and the universalat first he aid nut see oa negroesto thecityaroimd It are all the finest residences in the city,BuNSKK's long residence'in England, and the fact of the Baroness Bi;k8KN being herself of Eng-lish family, made him quite a naturalizedNe*-Tork thethji liaaliinint-Govenior, Besidsnt- most beautiful I have ever seen each house different ;;"otiUtarr olBcers, 'arrisn—Sraini by tiour black ponies, occu-In architecture, aLd tbe extensive grounds before them most tastefully laid out In every style imagina-Sovereign, another son is a beneficedsential of faith, is not to be wondered at. Andfrom the and within our his of residence he did aot tsU witaaaa ; They escaped village got placeandtrees you notice the wide-spreading banyan, the tall cocoa, the cabbage, with Its branches Interlocked, the pineapple, tamarind, banana, bamboo, and the fan-clergymanEngland,ble,hasbeen sneered at inGermanyttiis mass of rankmed aloe with its graceful top-knot, and In the hedgesthat the vessel wss going to takeiaathe white boatswain and the purenoisy paroquets.park,tbe PhilosophyHlstorv,green you notice the straight-stem-The Ba&lllca of Christian Rome." 4ta. Munich.In dealing with andliistoricalresearch,whichisworthyoftheir extended across our front, camp,and out;there,slavesr ~~"'bsmboo baskets— Workinthisworld whatCommander-in the 9eth and Queen's, pursued the enemy two or three miles alongof New-York cheap, loo, only seven rupees for twelvewhich was vast and(oneBigkt—about $3 per day of our money. The tiotels are all;hours, with a change of horses six everytotbe wonld not take pris-wouM; it costs aboutIn-The ship is now filled with coal, water andand n ell treated.be hanged civillMd^ oooabjAtWlo^aand not a single case of sickness has occurred the Japanese since we left the United Stetes.gWsJe^a^wJw* '•aa nMSour Intention to bo In the city of Yedothe Londoa Qaxetf.Lord Eian, writing on the Itththey they"J??days from this date. From HongKong you maystates sSniS^ citatohaste. Till then adieu. Yoursfiratwith letlera from Prince Tbai and his colleague, somewhat deflan' inishcaptain took werTSmsingthe Cora,ti«y threw overboard spare casks.—John Blake, a farmer in Saratoga County, hasat His foree from Tien-tsina boy wbom he adopted into hisvery hanl- Orphan Asylum. It was proved that Blako hadrescued from the rubbish ofkrit with the ScuLEOKLS, De Sact, Bob-nocp,;forprtsonera that therefrom the Utica kicked the boy until he was deformed, that he lialf Iven him meals otdy when he fell liicliQed. amiages;Untitled Documentbe hail actuallyrels raw and unskinned.him In eat uilce andorigincompany with Chakfoluos, when first that saga-compelled;Kou ^waa no P«"»City;learning,Associated by sympathy and cooperation varied in its scope, is taken quite above the plane; Spaniarda brooght hoaia in tbe Cora ; there...you fo^'faim. Heisaaian inwhether It is on account ofthose of the humatt race andthegermsofnationallife.badlhebMsctaba hava .taatUryJaaiiStaNTw«i-Wuriobaveaais reasonable toAlheniauitin Htereditario.pbi- of_Kcre five hundred"p»seugers,uvii,b«r ofladlesandgentlemenhavevisitedtheship slmust every day. who are enthusiastic In their praisesWhat vrould they say if they saw the Orrot Eastern.' By the latest news from Europe we see that she made the run backtionsfirst division of the force vras TheImperialCommissionersarepuzzledwas thewatchword,10,000B.C.)--backthroughlonglinesofgrowth mandfora at permanent residencyby Peking,the de-Health ot'attheHo^l,othermanIeverknew. Iliavesaafimen orn«(weWeremk to ' "~JWaWtia ~~possessionsInof successionTo have introduced thiscidation of primeval history, enabling us thus tocarry into ages apparently closed forever againat Yang- tee as the mail Iroffi Shanghai was leaving. It here.human inquiry, positive research and induction, is brought Intelligence from the seat of war up —On the aftetfioon of the itliMr.to the 27ta or 2lilh of September, irbea the Allied Jaacph j the immortal glory of this gifted speculative army was still in its posiuun, seven or el^t miles bury. Postmaster at East Poxboiough,The of QiieenIII. "Complete Bible- Work for the Christian Com- Of the life of Bcjisen, so farex- been written in greatwitnessed the creation of Historical Criticism,and aided in theand, more recently, he found place in hisSeptember, wblte-buttoaed Mandarins ar-;w^t^ *we at k»gna Grande,"^^XJS^truly, TRAVELER.north,familyand owes its inand much-l>eloved soul fromground writers re- original documentonlytl)t HfmH^Oi ttmM^jWwIap, mttmkn is mi.to India In order toa further know^ge of Banakrit, but liaving in shore. In a style of real Oriental majpillcenoe. A the meantime' determined to visit Italy, he met atof her beauty and Immense size.in nine days. G<ai»ix.Bi goes on sweeplngeverythlog who Iiad meanwhile married in Bome the daughterhe historyccl^naayof (bn. e. 0.% aa*had beoa mmwiaatL,. LyncbbuiiVitUta Usbehrd fblly arowiii^aNaples,atgreat primordial — mind, mealately took place, which eanaed tlie Tartan toaddedMalays, &c. The new city Is built on the Heigt^ of and history of the primitive Cliristian Church. Toand intersected by canals In the Dutch style) when business requires it, during a portion ofconstructions that we—treated.can value. As The following letters, which we have received—Dr. Jewett, the welMnawa;and a commissariat officerlage within a short distance of Tung-chau. Ur. Pabxxs rode back to this village on the morning of tne Ibth, and seeing that a large number of Chinese troops had taken up a position oa each side of theorders,sent thecrew of tbeHistorylifeandworks. InEngland,withwhichhewas that,withinquarterofacenturyafterCeampol- inand aodal ties, uoif beenforneartwentyyearsPrussianAm- statelystractureofanyas holy, as amiable, as able ;lologic promptingsmlshe* liave beenIto contemplation goand and accretion for a period of twenty thousand an immediate, and large liytaUmentlof tpdemoltvinBome the historian Nixbvbs, who had just (1816)Prussian Ambassador to the appointea PapalbeenCourt An intimate friendshipyearscient deposits of humanity, he loses sight ofaMMiata>ent a< he had r beoonefortune opened up to UnLThe influence on BcNSIM of thatexistenceas well defined as those ofbutplace on the Silst of September, when about twsnty- days since, was ia a Iprofound investigationsinto the constitutionvery powerfial.with enthusiasm into mani-bydevelopment method Into the elu-points biography.—postulate is without doubt just and true. Andhideed a liberal chronology means puchstead of being obliged to crowd an immense an-andweresoonovertakenontheOth. Thehalted about noon at a town called wasabouthalfdeserted luinhabitaPnuts-.k'aAu,irUehand tiis lecturesto those studies which afterward appeared in his:for in-Place in UniversalIn 1822 the late King of Prussia, FBinxBiCKWiLLiAH visited Bome. Much ni.,tiquity,flowing periodsandwas ar comfortable AoonUbede-Bgypt'tHistory.in,everythinglarge religious Kingin theand all Serai-Catholic and Semi-Protestantmit of thefelt that that all philological results must remainr; atltH ing ground, and report on the state of the roads. ^At fired another gun, after which tbe vessel kove toPoland,tween tbe State and the clergy.'unsuccessful in histoattempts change opinionher aad pa4>ersof the Pope, gave up his diplomatic position ia Rome in 1837, and in 1838 became Prussian Min- ister to the Swiss Confederacy.gentlemanly he proceeds to develop a comprehensive philo- Chtoese troops were stationed at Tung-ctiau. American captata was not on board; tne msia- spdkaIn 1841, BcNSKX was sent to London on a spe- cial mission, m relation to the establishment of a Prcte6tant Bishopric at Jerusalem, under the jointorigin, progressTung-chau. accompanied.and thatthen,Cora on tward the Constellation, and remained In tesa-auspicek of England and Prussiaphiloso-;those who it. This visit led to bis projected beingPrussian Minister to England.rehidence there, he carried on a very interesting;fus of BCKSEM cannot but exercise a deep andKOH, of the artillery, another gentleman whose name awaited orders from the Ceiuteifatim ; Oisea sadni'.medDuring his with Fbedxrice William IV. onit,great pure despotism tohut it would be too thoughtfor papers or flags, and found toe papers. ^ Oiumtl/orpnsontTS—Wereyoupresent? Wiintfi—fio, Sir.Cciimnf— Please state only what yon saw.withfor Prussia to make frompleaseda leapso free a Constitutional Monarchy.At the beginning of the Eastern war Bitnskk's sympathies were with the Western Allies, con- trary to the will and opinion of the Cabinet whichat London. This and his represented fact, op-English- was cemented by many social ties. Uis eldest son, who will be his successor in thehome,the first mate, alongthisprlenners(Wllasa)is resident in Londonlinesunder heavy;of the Church ofto serve oa boanl tbe Cw« 4her one of the was shot In the Tne Gen- the y were brought ;and HisPracUce of the Church of Rome under Commodusis no question of favoring or notgroes,as second and third mates, rMqiaetlTaiy, oa DM voy-"HippolytusAge; or,tbe Doctrine and:south of the Congotbey trmm,Hi» completionHorse, tegagsmeuts or akir-arose between Nixbi;bb, BuNsn,lootedtliat there musv be anothei appeal to arms. On tbemoraiagoi ttie I6(h of 8ept«oer Mr. Piasxs aad Ut revolvenln his pocket Tks juiiaa wta m'l JiiiSlatenraTyeupMlifaiM*.aiasn», Oovsmbr, NAMnsA-GosAT- Amidst this scene you are strongly reminded of a looted. they.and Alexander Severus. 4 vols., 12mo. Loudon. Is62. RecastinsecondeditionIn2vols.,8vo,1%M.ofApplied to Language and Religion." 2 vols., ttvo. has many such passagesacquireforMmgreat part deserted, aad suppUae bad TTmrrhnrnst nhjcrlliiii ssiaadB >i Mi. Claik^tobetakaaby force. .Onalarge town, HoHU-wn, wasAccordingly,the Allied which saved army,fromby veitwl com-Danven, Mass., from Mr.liieroglyphictheincompletetheyHe en-EachBy a rare combination of philosophical thonght, mora beautiftd country than that which we bad passed which the slaver Osni wastsiaiuad. HataslliaMllitof our countries, a series of desperate discussions be- age, BcKSES takes a higher step. Hewith a small escort of to choose the cavalryAt oneto hisspecial datingscarried at times in the—from the of neighburhood PeUng,!givefull «/'A"«'>t-Ity kMliniiiilt Mlm orgai^niiM kiRJBFonra. EXABONATioNoF'iuiTB.ntABantikUaUa«lSlMaaCaaa^ilipta B«(braThe examination of tbe offieata )«3 di^ <f ikmslave-bark Corm,reeeBJUy'aiiiHad if'fids waa ~ pert,ebnti^tiaiUniveraal Hhtory."^: It- fa cer-express mylong connected by many literary(havingbassador to the Ck>nrt of St. James,) he will be been reared on the solid foundation of monumental and combined with a knowledge of things, new of Tasgcfaow.ta txXa widely and sincerely regretted. His house in Lon- decipheripgs. His elaborate discussion of the and sodon was for many yean the rendezvous of a very Interesthig and various society, including scholars, artists, literateurs and divines, as well ss states- men and diplomatists. He lias, without doubt, deeply influenced modem speculative thought, and has planted thinga like to last.Cbbistiah Chables Josias Bitssix was bom at Coiiwch, In the small German principality of Waldeck, on the 25th of Augujt, 1791. Educatedat Gottingen, (1809 to 1813,) where ha studiedaccurate,or equaled ap-involve a weakar «MiEgyptian synchronisms to ludicrous minuteness22. *in thoseabove their more scientific significance, their pro-hoods and races into the broad speech of humanity,are amongst parts of the great argument.Here, in fact, was a man who saw through theof Col. Walxxs, Mr. K. C. G. TBonrsoN,and five or six dragoons, were wailing the return of about the flag and papers, but they said tbey jta Hr. Fassss and bis party from Tung-chau, wnen nothing about them tne person wlio spoke to wiatewon his historicalinvestigations!teringon our left andand had we encampedshould have, no doubt, been severely cut up nightsaid to witness that thethey;Pu-sT-lsa, a llttletowaspublishedin18&8 notcompleted. wehaddriventuemates also wltn hia as ptiscaara ; dettiatt"Egypt'soutin German, in 5 vols. 8vo., l>etwten 1*45 and ItsM,The EnKlish^translation by Mr. Cottbsu,, (of which the first volume ap[>eared in 184-, and the fourth dur-nomtheir camps, ol which there was one m nearlythat there was a man on tha "gaagwav whoinvestigation,which, by itshighestspiritual qualitiea.tton that Mr. Wass was sent, on the itfto, with a take Olsen to be a foreigner fromhis marner and ac- flaganew spirit, B0NSIN occupies positionAmong others, studies which haveruins and reading inscriptions with NiXBCHB in the very cily whose antique history that divining geniusmade known the profound philologic' capacity of Max Mulleb.».idaaflaresnrgence of mystical Egypt! ExploringThe writen expreaaedTh. Dlstrict-Attorteybwebaaded tatho masters to whomall accounts and our readers ;recall as a fins Teuton the kiss of;he did in the cause of Science, History, Beligionapas outward eventsbridge.iiviRiiin,«od which bidsWfiance tolimitation, he then enten. Giant shapes of ancient loss. The allied army is waiting ia a hostile attttndeeupjfes flit like dim shadows evoked by a master's wlllila sight oftiiswallsof PaklBc; aad amiillsllnns badd. Sack we are led through the clevelopment have again been opened up by tke Cblaese.ofEgypt,chronologicbeforeChristAlthough long before approaching the most an-vraS In 'mat-Lyflehbnrgh, Tirgiirifcthesecanonlyberegardedastentative. The Thefirstdetachmentoftroops,consistingprrndpal-fundamental —a sense of the ly of cavalry, left Tien-tsin on the 8th ofS^teaihar,IaA.wprompting amplitude and about IJOW men followed the next day. The of time which the antique creations of humanity cavalry had halted only a few miles out of TieB'^sla,cover and define theprogress, and toYsng-lsun,place the opposition of the Chinese commeaced, pas-sively as Usual. Tbe town was found mora desert-ed ttian any of the othen, and although supplies werepromised, none wen torthcomisg. "riie troops, tbere- sen. Dlstrict-Attornejr BooaeveU, 'amtstsd'iy'Xii. Tore, took what they could get m the place, whichand Be- tations of the human mind upon which all subse-thesequenL.socialLanguageapplygeneralwith another of tbe sameFrom this sum- muining.Mr, ViXKis and Col. WAi.xia usually rode on aheadber for some time, hred a gun fOr tne paTpaaa>affamily. comparative linguistic analysismaking her iieave toencamp- fired more guns, and conunued to ctiasehedevelopmentis based.and —and indicate the decayon pai>ef% board; vrllnaSato itshistorical deductions that flow therefrom. How important these deductions are, and what profoundand the at passed nightstrongCol. Wauebsthere was in obedience tono flagnoteoM. see him e«^ fer «w ia& Wll^tn wonldfnmia^ the key to the hiereglyphica, thisEnrptiaa history sbouU have who was all these in ao extaaoidinaiy a dagiaa,authorities, marked by all the German refinementof method, is a master-work of its kind. Applyinghis powei ful criticism to the philological sources ofEgyptian Chronology, and guided by the copiousfloods of light now flashing from the stone monu-ments, he' ascoids through the dynastic series ofEgyptian annals up to the Menes, whose date isfixed at anwhatever ^ the records of Egypt Is of universal in the North. Hr. Haaav Pabibs, Mr.old, sacred and pro&ne, ao rich,aadtobtt^mkeair,so that I never knew it profound,proached by any man."ertinie.of a nature caloalusd to iSMie, so as to avoid daU]antiquity of nearly four thousand yearebefore Christ From this vantage-gnmnd he takes The news which we have to convey by this mail lowlafftalbe^er a survey of general primeval history, exhibiting is of great importance. Uostilllles have lieea resumed'rrvm tluOvtrland Ckma Matt, Oct. U.negotiator for the ricorrespondentMr. Dk Noaaiaii, aifcU U Mr. Baaoa;foughtTartar cavalry,.^Ibis Lord tiMalfieSlI that aalll tm BrtUihsubieetedeUiasd at PeklncwerenMoal.^couU net take anystatement was confirmed that the prisoners wen wellkUled h\* horsAs. byarethe of the of epochs Speech-formation, buildingLotetta >a«i«, ahai,Civilizations, humanity and its organic creations ternoon, and the force was unable to maroh on the and aecapdolBcera, John WUsoa and Haas 01saB,aaiOn the 10th we reached a la^ge town calledtstm,wheresupplieswerealsoeasilyobtained tiosheep having bean bought Ueavr raia fell oa the af- puted Obtain of tbe Ctra, togaOHr wtib tar .|l«atanalyz- but the flatness of Man tain was relieved by the discovered;she was dlseoveied P. abq«t-7Jf M„aaAbearings Comparative Philologyphyof Man, are matten of rapidly -increasing conscious- Tangchau, accompanied by Mr. Locs.Mr. i>s NoaHAir, ered that the cahln decks were full atf- negro wamen ;and the highly-spiritual and eloquent aper- Mr. BouLBT, the Timtt' correspondent Capt Bsaba- there were 7U5 altogether, men, women and children ness ; :and somehistory road throagh which we were to pass, he rude back to main hatchway on ;goingto ihecabin-door,disocrv-of thedeepeningTheology, {Hippolytus and his Age, Church of the early In the morning,) had advanced to within a mile was not a strict searchanyFuture, Bible Work,) there might be much to say. of ho-kochuang, where the Cbmese troops had as- sembled. Our attention was first attracted by a trench Competent judges affirm that theymark anew whichhadbeendugacrosstheroadatavillageabout epoch in these studies. Be this as it may, there four miles from Ma-tou. A passage was made across, on the French at the;cers of Ihe CunsttUuiion were sent on board to saazebUatde or fourThe work of Bunson'b life divides itself between prompted in(|uire a considerable numt)er. I dont think that our killed did not recognize tbe taaaa oi tbe men on board lbsol course, impossible at the present hasty writing.realms is,through our camp, and there are two more them paved) on the north side of the canaLon tbe be boarded flie Can thereHisnew thethe conception and of perhaps, due to mention the profound influence compositionhe firet stimulated LBPaitrs to those«to «u»That he had all manner of loveable human qual- studying Sans- ities there is abundant te*tiroony. A warm-heart-started with amayamity and reconciliation which be gave<o>f tha CoUectorof the Port as PI»°^£lif *2?m iiaol t•k•—Aance of such a large force.In the meantime the army (which had left Ma-touthat time lor papers;and ourvillage.halted, and a Chinese officer came out with a messageleavingAbout a mile from Ho-kochuang our troopstroops passedIthe prisoners, now hare, aad the reputed rtpWIa, He was told that we wanted to encamp on the other Loretto Ruez, » ere on board; noilagjWfas iouad oa breadth and liberality that pervade his views. sloe of the as arranged by Mr. tbe Cora when witness vlstte* her at ^ybreak oa tbediscovered to ns aceroftbeUaited Plstniiway npneighborhood, not a barren spot could be discovered Africa, the night of Sept S, wtien the CerawaaMI ;onon to Ma-tou and Tung-chau, and made the usual ar- New-York then askedthat ail philology must end in History. According- rangements for our encampment. He reported that captain a ;;U> see. resixindedbar by saying that tbeconsistingtheir atlenUon was directed to a t>etweea a when he went on board tba Oora <iat waa psaaaab— struggle" cause of the disturbance is not known, but it is thought stern of the Corn was •' T"** Cora, ;"ly exclaims, shall we hear of this fiction of an that theChlnese wanted some pretext for beginning tne prttcners spoke English nel Jier of toe ;prisonerstolaexternal revelation ?" That the audacious work. Col. Walesb rode datings day'sofhis sword, and almost dragged from his hor^-e. As with the prisonersitis a notable sign of the times, that while Bumsxn soK was wounded In the back by a spear-thrusi, and prisoners gavelong clinging,at>out an hoar tbe Chinese were cleared out of tne vUiagetheyhadshippedin Me<v-York as second anaas heand spirit of Christianity, he has, both in Englandand America, been condemned in narrow circlesfor the noble freedom with which he has carried "third mates of the Cora, bound oa a voyage for Afri-and TheFrenchdrovethem ca,andthatwhentheC7ara_baddtactaarfndbaraaiiabut of discovering thewesacred truth, as it presents itself to a conscientious entered a small walled loivn, called Chang-ctda-wan, told witness that the Captain. said If tbei did notwhere we remained the 19th and 2Utn. The place wish to serve, he would tarn tbein adrnt on tbs "Analecta Ante-Nicaena." 3 vols., tjvo. London. inquirer." Such is the high strain to which he was coast ot Africa ; that (hen aala tMt aooaar Ifaaatheout of the^ncampment on our right and pro:ected the village in the rear, where all our baggage was. The position of the Chinese was well cbosen, shel-bya^Ulerycavalry.at Fort Helena, thirty mlies above the Coaga Blnr, she proceeded to Hasgua Grande, about {dm iallaaof a noble Protestantism, tion of the canal between Tung-chau and Peking, I would likely rob aad murder theaa, they wonld have no lime to give you a detailed account of this take their chance 4a tba Osra, ta tba past- which will find hearty response in generous and dsy's work. The French advanced towards the stone tlons they had always retained ; that wsatbewestofiheroueChinese were assembled lu force in front of these negroes to the United States agent at Mowwrtatclustor of treesken the wooden bridge, while tlietaken theandas of it is the best that and wounded on the 18th and amount to more Cora until were sent back next asand right.with that great modem movement towards of mere erudition, and vivified and vitalized with a letter, the purport of which is uiiderstood to be aTe- the lAlsonen qxAe BagUsb ;vwfawrefela*l*-cavalry chargedon t>oard theto-day they file day prlaaa-to tor-warding the good old cause—the cause of light miles from Peking. One of tbe roads to Peking passes no recollection of havlbg noken to Wilson or Olseacavalry,abouthe arri>ed the ship was trare to ;their tone.Lardahlp>sia spttoof thalrletter, howerar, lord Kloi* had not received untu theaseiMejaie»a o( the Cora, signed bJ Capt Latham, «and thequired Ua to return thither In terms slightly Imperi- ous. Locd Sun* thought the proper way of treating and ha ao-latter was to take no notice of It ;Prisoners'counsel said tbaratimee,slaughteredCixwuilatiais ;It-was-daA at tbe:surprisethe register 18M.dated l<ew-York, 4th day o? March, ^ev^ld^WMCrbej-ir_^money. Tbetrcounterdemand(Srtheaavanoeaf LordEua vtttbagreat pottfoaariiia apparcatly brioags toihe Auiea aMbMHT' « Vtft " ' ' fAoiudnedtforbce-in Saoon tbe towns up<m the march were . cent meetlBg of the TirgbiU CoafMew^i il tbe fiilcaad itour race,") he feels none the less secure of moving party ftU Into the hands of the Chinese, and it was «as imOlnad to regard Hr. Cli^tff^SSldcMChronologicalas but " the second epoch of the moderntbehistory, (which,indeed,regards olcompletelybyfort^,iiecame evidentcreations of the humanNortherner,whoiin»iessi«lfcuopfadaabavme.i Imperial-j-'sV ... n.cepted an appotoiment from a dadlareonuBeaccdyastndBy,bafon~IlBitedsearch himself at at dayhgU searcbet Me cabin for a flag and paperr ; made a funbar seamb, knt It afterwards the Board of Oft-;Ww^ -«—hb waaCar* oa received a package and two lattara < fficer William were ad-;to the rescue of witness the ol the Unliefl States thsy were from ;a fire from the Chinese. Mr. i'iiuHP- did not tell witness that he was naturaUaee^i both»n account to wimess about how;The three baand wildmeaof saU tbey had no idea thslu^— lia— Thomas M. Tryniski 309 South 4th Street Fulton New York 13069www.fultonhistory.com 