 rtfceagutrt^tmet. It-irinKi*.fcsedi*]h a y e f |ice' fea^ Nftfe-ijan tribet^ | K w recently beaa^li*wotherii^^gciMb.. Thecoal at aug purposes.rival of th* troub^wr^-ntineConfedrtr badacfcuafly;^4 hrted, hi N^re*i„r*nofParaguay, i'.uenos Ayr*, r*- •'w, and especialjyseparately wij». of having broken H*rretnuace|o ft* trr>aty which h i dthe CJotafede-4- mutual distrust theCoafederataoji,?thelatehostih- commemalmix -in. e the treaty.hiuaeottfinatlw> OverlandMail,j»f •vernmentoft#e> reachand English. nexpeetedatHong at place, miting'ftngbae,bywhwjh enrejected,andk. I t ia impossible •whether the Em- mains t o b e seen,especially a t t h e teuton, the TebeU nuite near the city,E'hov have c u t off of Kwangsi, upon pendent. Prices o f derably, partly in last year'sahortZ that there are * (pirate) m en in'fhat Cbinu- pilate num.' One» jtMteme u t s o f thi>a a respectabla ithoat doubt, hp<*d a cheap edi- ^hrahatn Liaco'n'Expresscopse* •i >»-page that$2O0JnA speceh—rneariv ia in Michigan.)*!upthisparagraph*zfn, living by ai» k,wasinvitedby meninBrooklyn.LVITH CONGKESS.stayednccoyiei the subject, a n d theservice* C*nnothing* he had and pay oat front in order to earn*>mnch? Iait tbv association there that m a notwelf a quarter,. Lincoln—who J* .stance*—should veling expenses, »gI If therei*ium, as » per- Hcan ticket thi* the votes of ?uehlog hi? time and :Jihavebeen&rge Hail of the the • advertising, woold io for•eing paid for ourrer who does sot' /oornalisis, of all i* that of paying bysicaL. W ear©ees that ought to ion i s unjust and: we submit to it.s* of party hate, bn, can induce etrate sobasea' na The Express Titlon, etc.June 13,i860. came a s i a r a *invention 'are ar- .* actively engaged anion. fittednpforthftgift f a t t i r e . • June 13,1860.areadjo«zi»edat ill*were adopted»K t h e S t a t e C o m -r ft»r a scientific anthoritiesto kill eolationsfortho eaw, andappro- *s recent speed* to 44.June 13,1860.a has',Tampico>,n- Gen. tTraga'a leg. Alarmand wares, chargedaffair ended i n 4' myofliberals*ems iacompreB-Veand reliable*low of Maleg side&cy of theicatecas badTar-'-r idacta wtuTuoonmfurder.'uneI3,1860. peephHenrywA oca this aera- ted to ascertainseveral times. aace,wereaJUo te burglars tiSMr.Henryi*\ a.. .o is Brown,was then •• .referred to 'rake up the oldest archives of the land, and go back to thedays of Jefferson and Adams to make charges. I"H e hisuotations..Win mmv TMA.GNE13C TELEGRAPH.F r o m UTtisliIngtsjMi*Harper's Ferry Insurrection. • > > 'Mr. PITCH (Dem.;Ind.) objected, inasmuch as tho The following notice h a s ;been issued b y t b e Senator presented, but the other day, a petition fromJPost-Office Department:M"nwFATjnorr or romamXb» recent crd«r of U» P«^m««e^O»xM»r«l,reaaWn?the •scent^ • .•-.., x\ ''.:. ...'•':' >,:.:• •<•:• »special order, beingthe resolutions reported back from the Committee on Expenditures in the Navy Depart-THE ROYAL PAI'ACE BUBHT by THE POFWtACKthe decision was reconsidered.Mr. Winslow, who-report a limited business at previous report the market generally unchanged.m:i ri -IT i ITI ifirrnriiwaiiiamiiiWW^mll^llJff'lUWPl'ul'.lini^M^LM^M^**"*^**^'****!^ ^ « ' i " h . M M ", - ;^W^H-IU'^^M^^UJI **t1i**Wv*wv&*<' mfl-1 !',•i»esi as-,-«*'» J>V)1/..^rf^t.i*,v!W.*Wrf,P1*7\>rf*i-W'-+^fV>MM$%&: ","". home practicing- B S C E I T X D S r .;>•..-.WA8HBSGTON, Wednesday, Jane13, 1860*much debrte, was carried over by ah adjovTnnient atlOo'clock. ;:,';; \--r--v * $ # ^ t e ? d •;.' would have a.Governnient ;of discordant and hostileapprehensionon•thissubject,bystatingthatthe propose of the new regulation, as is therein clearlyThePREStDENT-TheSenatorfromIndianahastbe floor.. ' . - lation of law; that the distribution of the'patronage of of the people, had of themselves. W e are be-the Navy-Yards among Members of Congress is de- ginning to assume the God, and to hurl our thunder-Mr. PITCH—Sir, I don't want to be interrupted by structive of discipline -and injnrious to the public ser- bolts around us. If we assume thiapower, we shall nays oh ordering tne main question on the resolutions.'•T'i yc-tfrirfk, « ';-- ••'.. :••^ . . • ^' 'r^t-i'?«;r. . •. s • '$L- '$&&& .-/''iTHREE DAYS LATER FROM E M K . •••r»£SR«fc"summoned him, required his opinion o f Mr. Koon'scharactertobeknown,beforeconsentingtothe offundingthedebtof$20,000,000tofiveyears,stat-Ho assured t h e House that resolutions from Com-payment.- THE NAVAL EXPENDITURE. CORRUPTIONS.tion, which is, has the House o f Representatives t h eTariff bill to fund, this debt on two years. The Com- striking fact, that here now, from tbe very' beginning the Committee, and that these resolutipng wore sus- Houston, Howard'(Ohio), Hughes, Jackson, Jen di Jones,United States 5^>" cent Bonds, 1874.. Kentucky6^centBonds,1858-72... ••••**J\f Maryland 5 & cent Bonds....Massachusetts 5 ty cant Bonds;....... .....102'^.._TheHouse,whichwasengagedforsevenhouratained by party feelings. I n tin's case, involving, so Keitt. Laudrum, Larrabee, Leake. Logan, Lovo, 3ma ty, Mar- mitteehad thoughtbest to placeit inthisbillandex- of theGovernmentin 1789downto thepresent time, tin (Ohio), McQueen,#McRae, MilL-on, Nlblack, P udlnton, tend the time. " this is the first proposition of the kind .ever made by important a matter as a vote of censure of the. Presi- Peyton, Phelps, Reagan, RnfHn, Scott, Sickles,. Siirini Stngle-Mississippi t/nion Bank Bonds....... ..... l-t-a* is Ohio6#,cent Stock,1876 i... .97iS>93 Pennsylvania 5 & cent Stock i... ..... 84 ® 86Expenditures, reported upon the investigation ofJ..........: Administration* .If this vote was given in a Brifc- tration.-tell me one single, instance where in our past histoiyJg in ,tion.Sndtheish Parliament, the Ministry would resign imme-diately. I t is not an ordinary expression againstthe policy* b u t a direct personal censure of thePresident and Secretary of the Navy for usingcorruptinginfluences,abusingpatronage,andset-ting an example dangerous to public safety. N o Administration made th e recommendations. Demo-tendencv, and a bargaining of the offices and jhn onage• former Administration was ever so rebuked in our whole public history.that the act w as not in ^conformity with the law objection as'that be regarded in any court of justice,of the land... Gen. Jackson, w h o w a s very sensi- that a case conld not'be properly conducted because party relatione Of bidders for contracts with the nitedTHE ARMY.BILL.backH;he Army bill this morning, after striking out aU the legislative amendments inserted b y t h emaking a majority forextravagant appropriations, Senateasanimproperencroachmentuponhispreroga- lawyers. The testimony in this case taken House,wasadopted—106against61.and charged that a combination existed in various tives as a coordinate branch of the Government. What in the proper and legitimate Way, and the' whole This vote was similar to that on the' seconjl. quarters to increase the expenditures so as to make was the conduct of the leading Senators of the day— examination of the witnesses was properly conducted. tion, with the following exceptions: Messrs,MR. LINCOLN'S NOMINA TON I N IIXfNOIS.The ^Republicans o f Illinois claim .that Lincoln's nominanion will secure them six doubtful counties bordering on Egypt, which will render Trumbull'sreelection certain. They have been actively e n - gaged-in canvassing since the Chicago Convention, and feel confident in the foregoiog estimate.THE TARIFF. -The Senate Committee on Finance this morning agreed to report Morrill's Tariff bill to-morrow, with' recommendation that it be postponed until.the first Monday in December. .To the Associated Press.WASHINOTO.V,Wednesday,June13,I860.' It is ascertained lirom an official letter of the Fourth Anditor addressed to Purser J . S. Cnnningham thatpayments to commission and warrant officers will b e made in accordance with the provisions of the act of Jane 1.1860;andallquestion*arisingfrom supposed euora as to sea service in the Navy will be referred to t h e N a v y D e p a r t m e n t f o r d e c i s i o n , a n d n o t t o t h e Fourth Anditor.Treasury had stated in his report that w e could not of the. Senate w as an impeachment of his meettheseextraordinaryexpensesunlessadditional motives, and, in fact, a censure upon,himsecondresolutionnowvotedhithenegativ3 Word forword, copies of thedepositionswhichaf- J*>hnCochrane,Garnett, Martin(Va.), MoofeFIRST SESSION;;';dotbat. '-^ -:—•; I $p.m$%$#i j»ft »m3$^^:p&i,right'toI % right ito"; eensuro..the;,Executive; why should) we notSENA TE...,WASHINGTON; June 13); 1860. Mr. SUMNER (Rep., Mass.) presented a memorial,AKKI^v'AX. O F T H EGARIBAI.DI INA;:V elements, making wax one upon another/till the whole Mr. Sherman then reviewed the whole of||tae circum- FIERCE HOUSE OF EEPRESENTATPVES.; systemwouldresolveintoanarchyiahdcinfusion.This stances connected with the "live-oalcff Icontract,SffiiPALERMO.•.; r.•^ .',• . ^Iffefcfor the discharge of.Thaddeus Hyatt, and desired that itbereferred to the Special Committee on the?ating $2,500,0001or paying the claims of 'Mo. ChoctawIndians under t h e treaty stipulations, which, afterdiscord between the ''cbbraihate'bran%huB~of the Gov- in a lossto the country of fwenty»seven t1 ernment,';and instead. bf a.Government,with its co-. larsannually. Thisfact, he contended/;ousanddol-: •words: ourlaws,anaasBuchtheyhavetherightweallow thisHouseonthesehighofficers. TheyarenothingSecretaryoftheNavyhadsentaletter >mmit- afiercecombatandabombardmentbysea;jani**Froniandaftertbe.1stofJune,I860,the*postagenponaU. foreigners,topresentpetitionsatanytime. Iwishto ;^"< r r a n s i e a t p r i n t e d m a t t e r , f o r e i g n a n d d o m e s t i c a n d n p o n a l l l e t - e n t e r m y d i s s e n t e n t i r e l y t o t h e i d e a t h a t w e w i l l n o t -ton,fowgnanddomestic,mostbefullyprepaidbyUnited receivepetitionshere,andlookatthem,unlessthey state*postagestamps,exceptincaseswhereprepaymentonlet- comefromcitizens^ IamIwillingtohearpetitionsmorenorlessthanacondemnationoftheChiefExec-u t i v e o f t h e c o u n t r y , a n d a n i n f l i c t i o n o f p u n i s h -mentuponhim.Lookatthefirstofthe,res-olutionsfanditwillbeseenthatitrelatespoan withregardtooneftofthecharges,,thatthe'Presidentabusethat can no longer be practiced, if it be an abuseo f a c l e a f a n d j p a l p a b l e v i o l a t i o n o f ' t h e ! C o n s t i t u t i o ninconnectionwiththisinvestigation:Norprotestsof Thepopulacetooktheroyalpalacefromitharters,tc.,toforeigncoontriesinoptional,andtbesendersdonot wish to prepay." - ^Inordertofacilitatetheprepaymentofpostageon letters addressed to foreigncountries,andto thisisaveryextraordinaryproceedingonthepartofthe duced. Buttheresolutionisnotdirected againstthat avoidthenecessityofaflpcingthretoalargenum- SenatorfromIndiana.Theotherdaymycolleaguepre- abuse. No,butitistorebukeandinflictpunishmenttheSecretaryshoulddeterhimfromtheconscientious troopsandburntit.performance of his duty. This was the first jame that The bombardment continued a t ttie latest a d - tionarypowerinthe purchaseofcoalfortheGov- theheadofapublicdepartmentshrunkfroiu^tninves-ernment, that theparty towhom they gavethe tigation,andtheexampleissetbya SecTetiry,who vices. ' r •.;.;•'':.%'" contract for•this servicegotitataruinouscostto objectstotheexpression ofopinion ofthiBCoaseoniber o f stamps, which would in some instances in- sented a petition from certain colored citizens or Massa- chusetts—men who have in that Commonwealth all the creasetheweightsoastosubjectthe letterstoad- rightsofcitizenship. HeStatedonthisfloorwhatwas ditionalpostage,theDepartmenthasorderedthe notnecessarytostate^thatthepetitioncamefromcol- oredmen. Thatpetitionwasreferredtothisgreat Committee on the Harper's Ferry insurrection, whose dignity it seems has been wonnded, and that Committee, I understand, intend to make a report npon it. This > will b e ready for distribution next week; t h e 30- morning my colleague presented a petition from whiteupon the President,of the United States and the Secre-tary of the Navy. Isitnot, in'fact, apnuishment thatiscalledfor? IsnottheHouseaskedtoinflictpunish-that this contract shall be laid open' to all bidders. testimony to show that the resolutions wele abun- The resolution does not complain that the contract was dantly sustained, and ought to be passed. }published. I t rejects all the propositions. j[Note.—The foregoing, with t h e annexed commercial Intelli- gence, is all which had been received, when t h e line gave j oot BomcwhereeastofBoston.—Reporter.]. ••COMMERCIAL LNTELLIGENCE.. LIVERPOOL COTTON MAnKET.—The Brokers' C i r - .cular reports the sales of the w.e«k at 55,000 bales, of which 1,000 were to speculators, and 10,000 to exporters. The market clo«e4 verydnll, with a decline o n most doscripttona o f {&{d. T h e lower qualities were very irregular, and difficult of sale. In that finer qualities there was no material change. Friday*s*a!e« wen* 7,000 bales, includiiiR 1,000 to speculators and exporters; tbe mar- ket closingquiet. The following are the authorized quotationsissuing o f new stamps o f the denominations o f 24,The 24-cent stampseent stamps soon thereafter, and the 90-cent stamps as soon as they can be procured.T>CB ADMINISTRATION CORRtTTlOKS.The Hon. W i n . Montgomery o f Pennsylvania30, and 90 cents respectively.Edmundson, Englisli, iFlorence, Kouke, Gamett, Gt rti WL, Ham-explainin the Democratic papers of his District, alleging that the President bad offered him the best officecensure, calmly and deliberately visited, is the mostvariousstatementso fspeechespublishedCurtis, Davis (Md.) Davis (Iud.), Dawes, Delano, pn*n,Duim,report himself, a t the request o f the Committee, like other members, or to obey a subpena, thougha e v e r a l t i m e s s e r v e d .Mr. Karns, the witness from Keadinjj, is de-tained here by the Committee until the fraudulent naturalization papers, which h e confesses having,ra motion accompanied by, remarks which deserve and should receive.the rebuke of every gentleman in this body.Mr. MASON (Dem., Va.) said he w as not in the Senate when this subject came up, but he under-(Mich.); Leach ( N . C ) , L e e , Longneckgr, Ij Loomis, his apartments, and bring him to the bar of this House, cumstances. Mr.'Bocock went on to show that in Phorson, Millward, Moore*(Ky.), Mborehead, Mirrill, JMorris|sachusetts upon' its face declaring it to be from negroes, administer. censure upon him. This proposition in -count of the number voting on either side.'' \ \ TAILOW dull at 52/. Co-Fran firm, with slight advance. .L r w - and the Secretary of the.'. Navy? Could he put that The second resolution.tluit the contract maqe by the HXB» CAKKK very dull; Boston, *10; New-York, £10 7/6. Lrar- forwardasacharge,forgettinghisownparticipation, SecretaryoftheNavy^inSeptember1858,.withW. SBBDOil.—Sellersat28/3. SI'KKM,£90®£9210/. RICKquiet. LIVERPOOL BREADSTUEES MARKET.—Wakefield,fromanybody,anddonotfeelmyselfdegradedby doing it. ... - .and theSecretaryOftheNavy abused a discre^-from t h e Committee on Finance, extending the time ing that the. House had sent in an amendment to th e•£: ;]^W^^«^.®A1EI*:**SB*'State. They were,not! honest enough in Wlscoiisiu to heribt; have a ;five years the§27,000,000 was then agreed to^-yeas 2?, ciary;;. m^'Mi^&/./^iy!e.u^t.i right,| why should others w^'^auy.to.'Conjtract'. for,it a t .dollarsnayslO. £ ,'-\ •:,-:/• \$,tffcff$ !t;j$: % §$$$$&. \ • not the Judiciary^ have Va.right to censure us ? This and thirtyrnve, being in excess fifty cents, ich in the signed by Dr. Henry B. Cheever and; others, asking Mr; SEBASTIAN offered a n amendment appropri- doctrine attempted.', heie.^^"uldllead to interminable aniouht of cbai furnished to the Governm resultedatall. Itwaspracticed,however,underthooldsys- Mr.WILSON(Rep.,Mass.)—Itseemstome,Sir,that tem,alreadyabolishedbylaw,andcannotbeagainintro-and preventing foreign competition. T h e expenses precedent.of the right of this body-to inflict censure, i t•••• ;;,;people hung sdmp'of, itiemraud rail' others out of. the have a riglit toJSif0M^pm^l^^i^^Pw^^^^:a; Hunter,mentuponthePresidentandtheSecretaryoftho grossneglectinthemannerinwhichthecontractwas lutions. Negatived,65against120,asfolicmilNavy? Oneofthe^solutionsdirectlychargesthata givenoutanddisposedof,astodemandtheinterposi- . YEAiS—Mcs»tr8.Allcu,Avery,Barkadale,Barr,Iocock,Bon-particular act of these gentlemen demands the reproof tion of the Honse. But the; House must know that in ham, Burch, Burnett. Glopton, Cobb, John Cofhime, C ox,of the House of Representatives; and another resolu- disposing of the patronage of the Government, it is im- Craig (Mo.), Crnige (N. C), Crawford, Dojornctl e, Dimmick,tion says that a particular act of tho President of the possible for the President to make appointments from ilton, Harrin(Va.). Rindman, Holman, Houston, Ho yard (0.),United States, and the Secretary Of the Navy deserves his personal knowledge. H o must rely upon the re-, Hughes, Jackson, Jenkins, Jones, Keitt, Landru vu ftiarrabee,the censure of this House. And, Sir, is not this in commendation of those whom ho supposes compe-, Leak<>, Logan, Love, JMartin (O.), Martin (Va,), Mi Q|jeen. Mc-itself punishment—aninfliction of censure1 Look' tenttojudge. Thevery same thing wasdonein Itae,Millson,Montgomery,Nlblack,Pendleton,Pe;icji|i,Phelpn, the House. The coal agent appointed by the Keagan, Ituftrn,Scott, Sickles, Simms. Siugleton, 3uiit.li (Va.),at your military syBtem, a n d y o u will find in Stalhvorth, Stewart (Md.), Stout, Taylor, Thomas, Underwood, the list of punishments enumerated and de- President in this case w as D r. Hunter of Read- Vallandigbam, Whittelsey, Wright-«5. i;wasKuwmonedbeforetheCovodeCommitteeto becausetheSenatorfromMassachnettspresentedape--toahigh-minded,•chivalrous,honorableman,tliat hisState,anduponsuchrecommendationhegotthe Blake,Bouligny,Brabison,Brayton,Bristow,Bnliiimto,Butter-men, and I care not whether it comes from white men or black men—he h a s a right, as a citizen, to present that petition, and be has a right, as a Senator, to pre- sent it, and ask its reference to a Committee. Ho does present it, and the Sonator from Indiana rises and ob-Fair Orleans.... Middling Orleans Fair Mobiles.73d. Middling MobUes 6 1-1W. Fair Uplands.........>.....7{d. MiddUnx Uplands..... -.6 M6d."**•» %?tr Ji, 'Censure 'us^?'- Ifi.We have a| After further debate the amendment for funding for .havea.right-ito;censure,at .odr;pleasure.; the :Judi- bars a n d eighty-five cents a t u n f o r -*,. whJB»negroes,andwhichwasreferredtothatudmmittee.Mr. SUMNER said he had expressly stated at ther The. House proceeded to the, cOnsideratibh of the thing waB never attempted before, •jft^as left to the which has been so frequently referred to.-iwffie House,time that the petition was from persons of -African de-«tamp«, J* mUlio bare been nxisonderstood b y MOW case, but it was done without the knowledge of the ment, which declare that the Secretary of; the Navy solve ourselves into a;judiciary tribunal, to pass our the President and the Secretary of the N a w by adopt-wr BTAXPH.tent of pcmtAgo to b* made, in all cues, by United State* Mr. PITCH replied that it might have been th eiter*,Mcomponincth*.Drepayniontofpoetagenponall Committee. letter*andother»>*"matteraddreaaedtoforeigncountries." Mr.SUMNER—Whatofthat,Mr.President?WhatWe are therefore requested to-correct any mis* if I did?. 'expressed,issimplytorequireprepaymentby theSenatorfromMassachusetts. vice;thattbePresidentand'SecretaryoftheNavyin next,ashasbeensuggestedtome,'questionthecon- Hewantedtoseewhowereforstiflingdebate. postage-stamps, instead of in money, in all cases Mr.FESSENDEN (Sep.,-Me.) wanted to know if considering the party relations of bidders, and the effect duct of the Supreme Court in the Dred, Scott decis-; : ThesteamshipsCityofWashington,from tfew- York, and Bohemian from Quebec, armed at jLdr-when postage I s prepaid i n t h e United States, it was asserted a s a principle that negroes could not of awarding contracts pending elections,are deserving ion, so as to reverse it altogether. But let us. see-—ad- petition Congress? .Hehadneveryetheardevena ofthoreprobationofthisIlonsej.vthat DanielB.Mar- mittingthatwehave/tbe powertoinflictpunishment leaving it,*as heretofore, entirely optional with the Southern Senatorsay as much. . ' / tin, a member of the Board of Engineers, to report on upon the President pf the United States and Secretaryclose the debate, yielded i t to Mr. MILLSjON (Dem., Va.), who argued tliat theCommittee onExpendi- tures in the Navy Department had noTigb|t to resume^*t&fam t o pay" the postage, in advance or leave i t Mi. PITCH replied that he had no objection to their proposals for 'construction of machinery, he being per- of the Navy, ifthere is anpthingin tho volume of tes- the case where a defunct select committee h|ad, left off..petitioning.unpaid when mailing letters for Canada o r other Mr. FESSENDEN—Then, if they have aright toing, P a .4 w h o came recommended to th e E x - NAYS—Adamt (Mawa.). Adams (Ky.), Adrain, A Irik, Alley, jects to its reference, until he has time to examine it, upon officers. I need n o t remind gentlemen that ecutive b y a large .number of th o best men of Anderson (Ky.), Ashley, Babbitt, Boale, Bingbam, Bla r (Penu ),• • • • • • •tition the other day from colored citizens of his State. •Now, Sir, it seems to me that thisis a very extraordi- nary Tuition to <be taken here in the Senate of theappointment. Whatwas^ then, th e fact attested b y lield. Campbell. Carter, Case. Horace F. Clarke, Colfax, Covode,griey/us punishment that could be inflicted. Why, Sir, those who had the best right to know? Why, that Edgerton. JParnsworth, Fenton, Ferry, Foster, Fink, French,taking tins, in connection with the doctrine promul- under this man's agency abetter quality of coal w as Gilmer, Gooch, Graham, Grow-, Gurley, Hale, Hall Hardeman,gated by the gentlemen from Pennsylvania and Ohio, I supplied to the Government than ever had been before. Harris (Md.), Huskiri, Hatton, Helmick, Hickman, ffliffi, Hoard,would not be surprised to see them follow.up their doc- The. only complaint was that, in fact, through circum- Howard (Mich.), Humphrey, Hutchins, Irvifaoj•[• Junkin,trine, and.demand that the Sergeuut-at Arms be or- stances, he made too mxich money in consequence of Kollo*g (Mich.), Kellogg (Dl.), Kemyon, £^11%^, LeachThe.stockinportwasestimatedat1,235,000bales/ofwhich, 1,089,000 were Amexican.STATE OF TRAUE.—Tbe advices from Manchesterwere unfavorable, the market being quiet, owing to the holiday*. LONDON MONEY MARKET.—Consols closed o n Fri-day at 941^95 for money, and 95®95i for accountThe bullion in the Bank of England had increased £48,000. The money market was generally unchanged.HAVRE MARKET.—For. the week ending 30th ult.COTTON closed with a declining tendency. Sales of the week,United States, and I hope, Sir, that the freemen o f this country will note and mark this position, taken here on this subject in the Senate. I regard it. Sir—I will notare received.ItnowappearssomeC,000wereissuedinthe desce.nt."/TheCommitteehadinstructedhimtomake Thefirst'•question it.involves is thequestionlast Presidential election, and information has beenobtainedatwhoseofficetheywere.printedin Phil-adelphia. Most of the papers were issued to per-a report on that petition which he had prepared, and only asked time to present.C. N. Swift, for the delivery oilive oak tatnbe|r was in violation of law, and hi a manner unusual, improper andinjurioustothepublicservice,wasadoptedby Teas 119, Nays 60. as follows: .'\•'•'•;.Nash &cCo. report Flour dull snd nominally unchanged. W b ^ qoict and generally unaltered; Red, 10/3®10/9; White,, J l / ^ 12/3. Corndullandofferedat6d.decline;Yellow,83/6^34/; White, 35/-®35/6. The weather has been favorable for crop*. Richardson, Spence &. Co. quote: ^Vheat declined Id. C o mvailed under th e expression " petitioners of African volves "some points which I will briefly discuss.Mr.FOSTER(Rep.,Conn.)saidheknewthesepe-titioners; they were living in his immediate neighbor- pass sentence and inflict punishment upon the Presidentscribed in the code the punishment of censurein his gift to change his position on the Lecomptoiiquestion; :and th e like, b u t h e failed either to say as an insult to a Senator of this body, but it is, Sir, dered to arrest the President of the United States in the expedition to Paraguay and other accidental cir- Lovejoy, Mallory, Marston, Maynard, McJJjaJutht, M e-vordinate branches working harmoniously together, w eknown had not been left to competition, asthe law demanded..present House of Representatives to initiate this move- and, going into each,of the resolutions.mthrin, be con- ment. W e, especially this present House of Repre- cluded by preseihg upon the' House the peceesity of sentatives, of all' people on earth,. forsooth, must re- their marking-their- disapprobation, of the conduct ofhas, withthesanctionofthePresident,abusedhis sentenceofcondemnationuponthePresident,the ingtheresolutionsbroughtupbytheCom^aittee. discretionarypowerintheselectionofacoalagent, ExecutivemagistrateoftheUnitedStates. We Mr.FLORENCE(Dem.,Fla.),saidtheIgectleman and for the purchase of fuel for the Government; that are beginning to have a higher opinion of our- from Ohio had assafledmembcrs onthisflqjfl^and then thecontractwithSwiftforlive-oaktimberwasinvio- selvesthanourfathers, whowererepresentativessonally interested therein, is hereby eensured by this timony which justifies the, resolutions reported last «es- It was a most dangerous precedontr-^rtainly a mis- erpool on the 1st.HoitSe. .„..,-.„-.,:w ......... ' sion by the gentleman from Ohio (Mr. Sherman) from chievous one—for one Congress to revise the (evidence The steamship Illinois, from New-York, arrivedj..; British INorth American Provinces, Great Britain, petition? I think they ought to be treated in the ordinaryPrussia,France,Belgium,andtheGermanStates, mode,andIthinkitdoesnotinfringeuponthedignity tions,andafterafewpreliminaryremarks,said:Look, resolntionsreportedbythememberfrom.:Ten- havecontrolovertheCommitteebyfwhichtheevi-arrangementswitheachofthosecountrieshave petitioningascitizens,whenitwaswellknownthat inmyappreciationofthem?Examinethemparticu-todefendthemselves, '\. Mr. HA TTON argued that theHouse l o w e r * I t is confirmed that Garibaldi had entered? p a -we do not recognize them at all as such. larly, audit will be seen that they havo no reference adoptedtheprincipleofoptionalprejgayment.The . Mr.FESSENDEN—Supposetheyarenotcitizens; whatevertolegislation. Theycontemplateinnowaypositiontakenbyhiminthematter.Weshall?ee. But I.appcalto thepiactical,commonsenseof theHousetosayilthereisasinglefactsustainedbythetestimony. Sir, if this House was a judicial tribunal,gworntodecidethecaseaccordingtothetestimony,1wouldnotdespair,,humbleasIam,ofbeingableto tee,speakingofitsgrossandmanifest lrpaMon,and land, .'..>• ..." d e f e a t e v e r y r e s o l u t i o n c o m e t o O n t h e s t r e n g t h o f t h enew regulation, referred to is i%i|he following it is to be supposed they are subjects,- and live„3teder a procedure'before'the Senate for an impeachment ofpasstheseresolutions. Bythevotej jtakenthis lermoandestablishedMsheadquartersthere,after was determined by an overwhelming ajeirijiy. -TheMr. BOCOCK (Dem., Va.) in opposing.the resolu- the minority of th e Committee, and j the. present reported to a .previous one,,when this]House cannot at Southampton on the 1st.of anyCommitteetoreceivetheirpetitions. Sir,attheseresolutions,submittedbythememberfrom nessee (Mr. Hatton). The latter gentleman tri- dencewasreported. It was now sought!©(condemn The Eoyal Mail steamship Asia, from .'New- bytheBremenorHamburgmails,asourpostal Mr.PITCHsaidhisobjectionhadreferencetotheir,Tennessee(Mr.Hattori),,andtellmeifIam,mistakenumphantlyannouncedthathe'caiisustainthe orcensureExecutiveofficerswhohaveW,opportunity York,arrivedatLiverpoolonthe3d.testimonycontainedinthatvolume.Whatisthefact• » > . . ( i - v •••*N A Y- • "S — M e s s r s . A l l e n , A v e r y , B o c o c k' , ~B o n • h a mi . . ^B i i inett, Clopton, Cobb, Cox, Craig (Mo;)', Craige (N. G.), mwford, righttopronouncejudgmentandiiulictpunishment mitteescameupwithnootherrecommendation Curry,Dejarnette,Dimmick,Edmundson,Englisli,,lorence,quote: U n i t e d S t a t e s e *" > c e n t B o n d s , 1 8 6 8 . . . 9 8 " 'B r a r - upon the Executive authorities ? Here we are with a .than that of the Chairman, and perhaps one or two of Fouke, Cartrell, Hamilton, Harris (Va.), Hindmjri. Holman,.Mr.BIG-LER(Dem., Pa.) objected tothe amend the House of Representatives that it should resolve dent, he bfgged that the House would give it proper ton, Smith (Va.), Stallworth, Stewart (Md.), Stoi t, 'homas, .upontheresolutionsoi'theCommitteeonNavalmentonthisbilLHethoughtthe"Senateshouldcon-itself*intoajudicialtribunalandpassjudgment]andconsideration,andnotallow-itself,tobe.ledawaybyUnderwood,Vallandigliam,W'hiteley,Wright—HO.8C"»ar86 -a> 83so @ asThe third resolution was read—that the d st bution aider the House bill on the Tariff, where the amend- inflict punishment -upon the highest. Executive magis- party feelings.Vile charged the gentleman from Ohio bytheSecretaryofthe Navyofthepatron*g<ofthement properly belonged. He did not think the objec- trate of tho land. If we have or ever had the with having purposely got hitoaelf appointed to the Navy-Yards among members of Congress ii>' struct-Maryland 5*" cent BondsTennessee 6 ty cent BondsVirginia 6^*cent Bonds, 1886Virginia 5 ty cent Bonds, 1888Montreal 6 ty cent Bonds, 1861-65.IlL'nois Central Shares.............!.Illinois Central8ty cent, 1875...^.1Michigan Central8((p cent, 1869....j.Michigan Shares I.......... 45 '3J 60tion good that there w as not time to consider the right to a c t thus, i t i s very strange that i n days Committee ou Naval Expenditures, ostensibly placed ,Mr.SIMMONS (Rep.,R.I.)spoke againstthe thelaud,when criminations,andrecriminationswere thewholeproceeeding.' Mr.Bocock hadnotcon-last session, and now revived.-AH the resolutions were adopted, a n d the im- Tariff bill. when the utmost political excitement prevailed all over lowest on the list, but altogether with a vieW to directive of discipline, corrupting in tendency, i n liighly injuiious to the. public service.Mr. REAGAN (Dem., Texas) moved an aa & dment44"® 43 di». 77 ^ 7 9portant ones by a vote o f nearly two to one. Many Democrats dodged or endeavored to pair off, a n d others, like Mr. Pryor, voted squarely against theamendment. H e said it ought to.be connected with the order of the day, that no man, that.this Houseoluded when his hour expired.84 H 8 6 New-YorkCentral6^cent,notconvertible,'83;82-3Zithat the Republican members oi the House in rand acting on theproposition of. Mr. DefreeSj bhe promised to give one-half of tho profits olie printing in the event of his nomination anilas Public Printer, wa.s corrupting and demor;Mr. TOOMBS (Dem., Ca.) contended that the ex-travagancedidnotbelongtotheAdministration,butto ofresolutionswerepassedbytheSemiteinreferencoto Virginia,fourofwhichhadbeenurged. Thofirstob-of theHouse*anddeservesrebukeandcondiniving which e pub- cctionthe bill for raising the proper revenue. This was a nattempt to carry over the Presidential contest this ques-tion and cover up the extravagance of the Adminis- ;never claimed the right to inflict punishment upon those in executive authority. I UPK gentlemen who claim this power for the House of Representatives to,Mr. SHERMAN (Rep., Ohio.) rose t o reply. H e said: Mr. Speaker, I will first dispose of tho technical such a right was ever claimedbefore. In IBM a series objections to the resolutions by the gentleman fromthe act of Gen. Jackson in removing the deposits from,bills to a great extent. H e thought the questions of the Bank, and in which act the President had not. only about to act, because they were taken before a Com- Finance and Protection should never be connected. . no precedent in law to sustain him, but iu fact acted in mittee of last session. . Now, thisis a very singular ob-Mr. FESSENDEN defended the Republicans from derogation of the law of the land. But. in. these., jection indeed, when it is remembered that every bill,New-York and Erie Shares Panama 1st mtge. Bonds,'65.. Panama 2d mtge. Bonds, '72.19 "9 in 100 "»I01 98 ^lOO.the Republican party, who increased the appropriationjection was taken to the depositions on which we a r eObjected to from the Republican side. Mr. STANTON (Rep., Ohio) wanted to*thechargeofextravagance,sayingthattheDemocraticresolutionstherewasnocensureproposed,node- claration setforth"thatr^he deserved thereproofpublicorprivate,uponwhichwebaseoarlegislation,LATEST, via Queenstown.LIVBRPOOT,, June 3.•ThesalesofCOTTONyesterday(Saturday)amountedto7.0001 bales, including 2,000 bales to speculators; and exporters, Tha market closed dull and unaltered.BuBADsrrKFft quiet. PROVISION* d u n .Loxnox, Saturday Evening, CONSOLS closed at 94J®95 for money and account.The Japanese.PHILADELPHIA, Wednesday, June 13,1J860. , The principal members of the Japanese Embassy, escorted by the Naval Commission and the Committer of the City Councils, visited the Mint this morning.The Japanese inspected the various processes of re- fining a n d Coining, and expressed themselves muck gratified,andespeciallydelightedwiththebttintifol machinery for coming. J VAt 1 o'clock t h e officers of- the Navy and Marin© Corps pay a formal visit to the Embassy at the Conti- nental. ; . | ! ,Mayor Henry received the Commissioners %Q Super- intend the erecdon of the Monument to the Signers of the Declaration cf Independence at iioon to-day in In- dependence Square. ' ..The Japanese spent th e afternoo|i visiting (jrirardt College, Penitentiary, the Circus, and other institu-cratic committees reported them, and Democratic Sena- tors voted for them, and they, in the minority, were not responsible for them.The fourth resolution, that the President ar^ ' ecre-protection necessary.Mr. BIGLER proceeded to show that over sixmillions had been .appropriated by the Senate not to the .protest so far that the President pressedSenate consuming nearly $3,000,000. The Senatehas thus far added about seven millions gross t otbe Appropriation bills sent over from the House. estimated by the Department, and the Secretary of the his protest on the ground that the declarationNavy desired to be examined was examined. ;' Notice Spaulding, Stevens, Stewart (Penn.), Train, ai d wasgiventohimtheverydaythe Committeewasap- whohadvotedintheaffirmative, didnotn<v pointed, a n d h e was requested to be present himself Adams (Mags.) and Clark (N. Y.) changed to t npersonally, or through a representative to examine the tive, and Mr. Ely's vote was added to the off r witnesses. He was asked also to name the witnesses The following gentlemen who d id n o t vot>revenue was provided. He thought that those Demo-crats who would vote with the Republicans in supportof an increase of revenue did so without"reference tolie desired to be subpentied, and they were snbnenaed.;party. He was for protecting the industrial elements, conveving a censure on President;Jackson,-and as adepends almost entirely upon the testimony and' docu-of the' Senate—*no, it w as a . simple declaration ments taken some time before. How would such an tary of the Navy, by receiving and consid^n thetive, considered that a n indirect reproof, a n d h e ' the depositions in i t were taken before even the Judge states, and the eftect of awarding contracts ujod pend- Mr.' TOOMBS said he blamed the Republicans, answered it with a solemn protest against the action of was appointed to sit onthe bench to try it 1 Such an ing elections, have'set an example dangerc us]to theMr. SIMMONS took the same view/ .The Committee on Ways and Means reported and some Democrats w ho voted with them, iu the Senate, in which he denounced that action of the objection would be ridiculed at once by Court, and public safety, and deserving the reproach <, * thisClay, Calhoun, Webster, Lee of-Virginia, and several I say here that every witnessJtbe Secretary of the Bristow, Grow, Hardeman. Hill, Mallorjiothers—who drew u p the resolution, iu view of* thisprotest of President Jackson ? Thoy only objectedaccordingly. N o w , if gentlemen on th e other Hide could accept these resolutions' o f t h e Senate a sfected him were sent to him, and we invited his coop- eration.; W e confined the testimony entirely-to the- particular points at .issuel and we did not travel be- yond: T h e whole investigation was conducted withandPugh. . . .'..,,The following who voted Nay .'on the secon f solu-tioh did not how.vote: Craig (Mo.), "Hamilto lind- man, Holman, Peyton, Stewart (Md.)Recess from l i to 7 o'clock.;'-'•;• KVEN1NO SKSSION.The House reassembled at 7 p. m., when tthe series of the resolutions was adopted by|yjjas 90, acfaiu3ty7Tho last resolution is as follows: . llcvolvtd, That theappointment by SecretaryToucej ofjpanielwill exceed the revenue, and there will not be a dollar would indeed be valuable to them in this matter. B u tto pay the public debt. they cannot. I t was exactly tlic reverse. Mr. Clay the utmost strictness, and according to the strict rulesMr. HUNTER denied that there was any necessity denied even that any indirect censure was conveyed, of law , giving to the parties accused full and amplefor an increase of revenue, and maintained that a lowand declared that the resolutions were drawn up in general terms purposely, with a view to avoid an ex- pression of opinion as to the motives of the Executive, and limited it to the fact that ho had assumed a power neither conferred upon him by the Constitution o r the laws. - Here, then, is th e case-j President Jackson de- nied the power of th e Senate to impeach his motives, or to pass censure upon him on such impeachment, yetmeans ofi defiense. Tx uhe porerveious investigation wasclosed shortly before the adjournment, aud Ithen endeavored to g e t a vote from a house with aDemocratic majority, and I could not; if I had suc-ceeded in getting a vote then I would not have broughtit up now. With regard to the charge of havingostinrevenue prevented extravagant expenditures. ; At 4 o'clock the.Senate took a recess... EVENING SESSION.At 6o'clock the Senate reassembled.VMn WILSON defended, the Republicans from th echarge of extravagance, saving that the requirements notwithstanding that th e Senate denied that they in-hern to report upon proposals for constructing machfaw ry 'or the tbe sights. I t is stated tliat a n assay w a s n o t jmade> United Sutes, aaid Martin at the time being-pecuni* -fl) inter-made by the President and the Departments exceed tended toimpeach his motives,yet failed totake assue theappropriationsmadebyCongress.TbeHouse, withhimonthepoint,ratherconceding,indeed,tliathesought to be appointed to the Committee on Naval Ex^penditures,,I confess I did ask for the appointment, and ested iu some of said proposals, is hereby censured byv WfifiewT?JHoase at th e Mint this morning. T h e Japanese insistedwhich was controlled by the Republicans, had reduced was right, but.that they meijely expressed an opinion the estimates of the Administration $1,800,000, while" a in their legislative capacity npon the nature of the actjI never denied it. But with regardto another objec- The Senate bill amendatory of the act to : scirtain on having a whole cobang assayed! and gold. Silver tion:ThegentlemanfromVirginiasaysthatthe and.settleprivatelahdclaimsinCaliforEhVTAB andcopper,giveninseparateportions,whichtho House has no power to investigatu this matter at all. passed. scales are too delicate to admit of. The Superintend- When was this point made ? Why was it not raised Mr. GURLEY, (Rep., Ohio), from the Cc rninittce ent proposed that several be meltea together, and a last session,-when the gentleman from Virginia and on Printing, reported a lesolution that 15,000 < oj ;cs of sample analyzed. This was objectedlto. A settlement myself pursued this investigation? Whoever before the agricultural part of the Patent-Office, rtipcjt be may yet bo reached. This evening they are receiving- breathed of questioning thepower of.tlie House? printedfortheuseofthePatent-Office,andiJOCOiOfor visitors.,Why, last session the gentleman himself reported a distribution among tho members of the House.ir e s o l u t i o n i n t h i s s a m e m a t t e r w h i c h i m p l i e d ' c e n s u r e M r . C L A R K ( D e m . . M o . ) m o v e d t o i n c r e k a i t h e O h i o R e p u b l i c a n S t a t e f J o n v c u t i o n . and some.'blame. . • . • • ' . : : . whole number to 800,000. 1 , CLEVELAND, Wednesdayl June 13,1800.. Mr. BOCOCK—I do not.deny that the House has Motion agreed to by 30majority, and tho re#liition Tbe Republican State Convention assembled at Co-Democratic. Senate, under the control of Democratic This is the sentiment and doctrine of the Constitution Senators, had added over six millions to those House —that" ^he respective departments of the Government bills. When suchchanges weremade hedesiredto areindependentofeachotherintheirdifferentspheres. point to the record. He then proceeded to show the The President is independent of Coiigrees. and it in its n e c e s s i t y f o r a n i n c r e a s e o f t h e T a r i f f f o r r e v - l e g i t i m a t e s p h e r e i s i n d e p e n d e n t o f t h e P r e s i d e n t . I enue to meet the debts of the Government; and am n6t denying the right and the power of the House-'»•••••'The acting mid&hipmen of the Naval Academy and expenses. During three years the Government had of Representatives making investigations, into corrupt/theshipPlymouthareentitledtotbepayallowedin tbe new bill to midahipnicn.gon.eindebt;$50)000,000. Hedidnotbelievethecom- ing importations would afford sufficient revenue for the requirementsoftheappropriationsandpaytheiuterestandiniquitousproceedings,wheresuch.mayhavetherighttoinvestigateit',butIdoobjecttoitsproceed-waspassedby102against60.'.Mr. GUliLEY idso reported a resolution!, ^hfchmidshipmen, will convene at Annapolis on the l.>th inat.Mr. TOOMBS read the Civil Appropriation bill, sought by these resolutions. W e are here assem- withtheamendmentsoftheSenateFinanceComgait- bledunderthewrittencharter,theConstitutionsure or punish; but he will admit no doubt that it has the report of Lieutenant Ives on the Explor|,t:' therighttopraise.Yes,heassertsthattheprovince theColoradooftheWest. '-.Tbe affirmative vote of 65 in the.House to-day to laythe resolutions of censure of the President a n d Secre- tracts, and carry o n t existing laws. The House Re- of the earth, existing under a government the most tary of the Navy on tbe table, was-composed exclu- publicans,,by refusing to pay honest contractors, had complicated in character, with a State Government and sivelyofDemocrats,while alltheSouth Americans thusreducedtheappropriations ^liiO.OOOin finishing aFedtralGovernment,witha StateDepartmentand present, together with Mesers. Adrian, Clark o f New- the Charleston Custom-House. The Republicans of tho a Federal Department, with all our rights and P " ^ " Vork,DavisofIndiana,Haskin,andMorrisofIllinois, nouseappearedtobeeconomical,by cheating honest leges andprerogatives secured andguaranteed andof the House is to praise tho President, but not to cen-sure him. But I deny this assertion. W e have tileright to pass a resolution of censure, and we "have therightto.punish, asmuchaswehavo therighttore-ward and praise. This is a poWer incident to all legis- nese.. The claim has been long contested.tee, ahowing that every one made w a s to fulfill con- of the United States,.aud we are,.above all the nationsThe last resolution was tabled.Mr. BURLINGAME (Rep., Mass.), o f theIt is said that Gen. A . S . Johnston will b e a p - in appropriating $7,000,000 for fraudulent! pensions. flict punishment upon the highest member of the E x - pointedtosucceedthe late Major-General Jessupas Hecondemnedtheagriculturalappropriationsasajob. ecutiveDepartment7 Wedo notfindourauthority <^uartenna*ter General of the Army. Mr. BIGLER said be did not like to hear such im- for that in the Constitution: but we find it there writ-Thereismuchdiscussiongoingonamongthecrowds putations cast onthedepartment, or Senatorswho tenthat theHouse ofRepresentativesshallhavethe of Democratic politicians m t h e city, and there a r e voted for the measure. H e d id n o t like the way the right to frame laws for its own guidance, and to pun-Clausson &.Carbonell, merchants atHavana,had ernment by a vote of censure. There never w as a to strangers being on the floor, and called ni the failed for a large suni:.Senator spoke about it. ^ ish its members for "improper and disorderly conduct. Mr. TOOMBS said h e would give way for an ex-. Tell me, Sir, on what page of the Constitution, fromfromMr,Yanceyandothers.Considerable importance is attached to the speech at against what he said. He had disclaimed any imputa- punishment and pass sentence Upon the President of upon these resolutions long since. There have-many impromptu meetings in the hotels.A serenade is spoken of to-night to elicit speecheshas been a matter of surprise that the Secretary of the Repeated motions were made to adjourn, an planation,butshouldnotfortheSenatortoprotest beginningtoend,wocanfindthepowertoindict,Navy,orsomepersonforhim,didnotaskforavote n?m.prevailed. Adjourned.-atrf PortoRicoadvicesareunimportant!Salem by Dr-Loring, who WH»a-delegate from Massa- tion on anv Senator.the United States? I challenge the production of been instances in ' our history where officialsRc-Election o f Senator Claif:COKCOKX),N.H.,Wednesday,June13,I8d0. The vote for United States Senator in the H >rJoisTHE 2^EW-YORK P6ST-OKEIC« ©BFALCATKPoetmaster-Gcncral Holt's letter ina|»8wer-t<>ar|eeo-foiution of the House, calling * hifbrmhtion relative to.ebnsetttr to the Charleston Convention, but who was keptawaybytheillnessofhiafather. Hewillbe present at Baltimore, and advocate the Tennessee plat-Mr. BIGLER said he did protest.Mr.TOOMBSrepliedthatifhewasnotsatisfiedtbe proof. I demand the proof from those who now attempttoinitiatethisnew.orderofproceedings. I challenge them to produce the charter or authority byhave demanded investigations. W e have seen aSecretaryof theTreasuryapplytothisHouse.forinvestigation. I now come to the true facts of thewith thej-emarks, he could get satisfaction here.or but-form, which, it is thought, may be tb e position taken aide the chamber. H e w a s speaking of the Govern which they have undertaken to do that whiclrthey arecase, which I shall endeavor to present without exag- Whole number., 294 John fl. Wefles (Bern.) ;.108 Mr. Fowler's defalcation, concludes as follows; u Aftergeration. Mr. Sherman then entered into a history of Necessary to a cl»oice..,....148 Amos Tuck 12 a careful examination of this recordl it is aearcelycome to light, with th e view Of impeaching the Pres-' big on testimony taken at a past session of Congress.lumbusto-day,andnominatedJacob!BrinkerhoffforSupreme Judge, Levi Sargent for member of the BoardofPublicWorks,andGen.JamesMurrayforAttor- ! tiie,Regontsofthe Snnthsonian Institution ct IS59; ney-General. . - , |TheBoardof.Navyofficerstoexaminethemidship-.service necessary to receive the warrant of passed the tariff to meet exigencies. pass sentence and inflict, punishment in the w ay gentlcmau denies that the House has the right to con- also a resolution to priut the same number of c >pteaofidentbythe.Senate; but.1denytherightofthis Mr.SHERMAN—Itcomestothesamething.Tho menwhohavegradual*!»nd tnunn therequiredsea- of thedebt. He therefore advocatedtheincrease.of body to•resolve itself into a judicial tribunal,andwaspassed,toprint5,000extracopiesoftherjpjyrtoflative bodies. TheHouse ofCommonsiu England Thegreatestpossibleconfusionprevailed lujhout voted with the Bephblicans in the negative.. contractors and carrying on a system of profligacy strictly defended by the Constitution. Are wo.to in- doesit every year. The Committees of that Jlouse the proceedings. Gentlemen frequently co: hifnedi>j numerous Northern Democrats. .—• « s >C:©njrre»*lonaI domination.ti the negligence on the part of the late jThtrd^ssisknt The Republican Convention of tao Ninth Congres- they would do if they ever got the power here. Committee and declare that we are illegitimate, a not-.; the President, and a personal friend of the Secretary of United States Senate, in concurrence with the lluse. Postmaster-Genoral in bis supervision of these weekly/ment, and made no personal imputations. H e contin now doing. Whv, Sir, if we can. censure the Pres- ident, irrespective of any legitimate legislative action,Daniel Clark (Hep.) .'...144 Anthony Colby.;;CoNconn,N.H.,Wednesday,june"l3" 8|fj0. l possibletoescapefrom theiMmresswdMdiatth-wewaaACtotton-PresgBurned.tended that the contract was givehto Hunter for per- sonalreasons,,whileholetOutthecontracttoothers. •ThoOrleansCotton-Press,with2.000bales pocketing;..; n lurge awvuttt of profits hiai^cu, ton, was burned to-dav. Loss ^100,000; xusuthe case, showing that the coal contract was givennominatedtbeHon.SchuylerColfaxbyacclamation recollecttheZazasgrantinGeorgia,whenthepeople ceusuteoftheExecutivedepartment1 11,Sir,we pedwhenhecametoWashington._Hethereforecon-ned to show that theBepublicans were friendsof whyshouldnotthePresident havo thepower, with extravagance^ They were deep in corruption in allwithout public competition, as roquired 'by.law, to a the legislation of the North, and God only know what his Cabinet Council, to resolve themselves into a Dr. Hunter of Pennsylvania, a particular: friend ofThe Senate to-day reelected Daniel Clark'-PwMocTflH, Ind., Wednesday, June 13,i860.sionalJ>istri«tofIndiana, held at this place to-day, Mr.DOOLITTLE asked theSenatorifhedidnot ous, disorderly audturbulent body,and deserve the, theNavy,atwhosehousehe(Dr.Hunter)always.stop-deposits. Had theproper vigilance jbe^-exjereidsd, citherthedepositswouldhavebeenI tunesandintheamountsdue,orthepolstmasteiwouldfor reelection to Congress. T h e Convention waa a burned the records of the State ?NKvv-OKLXANSjWednesday, June 13 8prCOt- 'have, been dismissed as a delinqueat from the 3(race**largeronethaneverbeforeheldinthisDistrict,and was very enthusiastic.Mr.TOOMBSrepliedthatsomedishonestmengot in the Legislature us in the ca.se. of new ^tat^s, but theUntitled DocumentThomas M. Tryniski 309 South 4th Street Fulton New York 13069www.fultonhistory.comcensuring,andveryfrequentlyoverthrowingtheGov- Mr:MARTIN(Dem.,Va.)saidthenoisewr= oj^ing legislativebodyyetbuthadthispowerasincidentalto Speakertoenforcetherules. / •then-legislation. I believe I have completely disposed TheSPEA2CER gave dlrectionsaccordingly^ •utthis of the technical objections raised here. Sir, I say it produced DOsensible improvement.ItwasofficiallydeclaredthattheInternational had collapsed.Twelve of the crew of tho slaver Don Juan hail arrested at.Havana. jh e' a tphysi- three doJ-whilecian in Beading. ;By th e agreement tbe latter charged' t h e Government'&sto the President, as well as the feet that 'mm contractdeniedthemahopportunityofbeingheard.!jil<Mr. BARNETT(Demv.Ky.)7 called for tiejyeas andthecountry,andinoppositiontothelawrequiring hisofficialconduct. Mr.Hattonthenrefe:redtothe TheChineseTeplytotheEnglishultamafumisgiventoanincompetentman, butthere wassuch aMr. BOCOCK (Dem., Va.) moved to tab e the reso-that the House might publicly administer reproof to other yearS, a n d under Other" Administrations,,even (Ponn.). Morris (111.), Nelson,. Nixon, Olin, Pterr>, Petit,him. Why, Sir, the gentleman from Pennsylvania greater profits were madefrom preciselythe same office Porter, Potter, Pottle, Quarles, Robinson (B» I.), Iloyce, Scran- naire 45f.. ditto Bias, 87f. BJUBADSTCFTS firm and quiet ASHKSof coal agent to th e Government, noticing the fact ton, Sherman, Smith (N. C), Somes, Sp*nlding, S] inner, Stan- dull for both Pots and Pearls. COWJJ firm. . Wnxlo O". i a asserts that .tho President of the United States has ton, Stevens. Stewart (Penn.), Stokes, Strattoii.Taj pan, Thayer, good demand. KICK dull, but firm St'OAR heavy. LAKHmno more protection than the humblest in the land, that the agents, at the time of the Japan expedi- Tompkins, Train, Trimble, Vance, Vandever, Vai -Wyck, ver quiet, but firm. WHAT.KBOSK firm. ". Vand according to his doctrine you can send, the tion, made m two years $50,000. It w as charged ree, Wade, Walton, Washburn (Wis.), Washbnrn4,(WL), Web- IJONDON MARKETS.—(Baring).—WHEAT' dull and! stood that the Senator from Indiana desired no refer- Sergeant-at-Arm8 to arrest the President and bring that the profits ofthe" office were divided, butwould the ster, "Wells, Wilson, Windom, Woodruff—120. t ' j;,. steady. IaoNduU; Rails and Bars £5 $]'&!£& 10/: Scotch Pic enceofthispetition,becausesomefewdaysagoa impeccabledemuregentlemanfromOhio,givethatas•Thefii-stresolutioncondemnatoryofboth!tnePresi-dullat53/.SCOAKheavy,anddeclined6d.TBAfirmer;oom- petition had been presented b y the Senator from Mas- him here, and set up the gentleman from Ohio to a reason to visit with condign punishment thePresident dent and Secretary of the Navy was adopted without a mon Congou. l/5f®l/5i. SyiKiTa ToRPKJrmrB steady at 35/ff.raised by m y colleague a few days ago, whether it is right aud proper in the House of Representatives toformitselfintoajudicialtribunal,andproceedtoin the attempt to getDefrees appointed Public Printer on the faith of his promise that he would give one-half of Ms-profits for the benefit of the Republican party ? Wouldhe.dare.todosointhefaceofthefactthat Ford, the present Republican Piinter of the House,goes for nothing', because it happens to tell against^ Butterfield, Campbell, Carey, Carter, Case, Clark (N-illif.), Col- the gentleman from Ohio and his friends. Ford was fax, Covode, Curtis, Davis (Md.), Davis (Ind.), Dawes^jDellano, one of the brethren"; he belonged to the party of the Ducll, Dunn, Edgerton, Fam'sworth, Fentou, Ferry,.. Foster,Frank. French, .Gilmer, Gooch, Graham, Grow. Gurley, Huh;, gentleman from Ohio and his friends; and care nuist be Ball, Hardeman, Harris (Md.), Haskin. Hatton, HelmhifE, Hick-takenthatnochargeshallbebrought-againsttheparty. man,Hill,Hoard,Howard(Mich.),Humphrey,Humhins,Ir- But, says the gentleman, let us hurl our thunderbolts vine, Junkin, Kellogg (Mich.), Kellogg (111.), Konyon,- Killinger, Leach (Mich.), Leach (N. C), Lee, Longnecker; LoonMs, Love- against the gentlemen on the other side. Mr. Bocock joy, Mallory, Marston, Maynard, McKean, McKniglit,{McPher- then went into an explanation of the circumstances at- son, Millward, Moore (Ky.), Moorehead, Morrill/Alom»(Pa.), Morris(111.),Nelson,Nixon,Olin,Petti/,Parker,Port*-,Pottle,Quarles,Riggs,Robinson (R.I.),Sherman, Smith'(N.C),of the United States, upon the ex parte testimonyYEAS—Messrs. Adania (Mass.), Adams (Ky.), Aldrich, Alley, of his.office'with them? But,of course, allthis Blako,Boteler,BrabBon,Brayton,Bristow,Buffinton,BorUngamc,sonsprofessingtohavecometotheUnitedStateshood;theywerewhitemen. takenbefore.a•SelectCommitteeofapastHouseofhadguaranteedwiththepartytodividetheprofitsAnderson(Ky),Ashley,Babbitt,Beare,Bingliam,Blair(Pa.),generallyunchanged. _[.AA.before 1$ years of age, which did not require them to file a declaration o f intention, and may serve a s a means o f detection.Mr. Koons,thewitness whopreferred charges against Mr. Scranton, has published a card in Tfc*Herald which is notoriously false. The Co- vodeCommitteeatfirstunanimouslyrefusedtopay him mileage, or fees, and i t was only by inter- position of Mr. Scranton, whom he slandered, thatMr. FOSTER—And men of the highest respecta-& Co., Richardson, Spence & Co., and, others report Beef dulL and generally unaltered. Pork quiet and prices easier, b u t quo- tations remain unchanged. Bacon firm at extreme rateis. Chee«e> dull and declined "<r©3d.. Lard dulL slow of aahv « » * quotations nominaL T allow duU, for North American on t h s 'spot at 52/«53/6 for future delivery. The market is improving-.LIVERPOOL PRODUCE MARKET.—The brokers' Cir- cularandothersreportAshesdnll. Sugarheavy,andqnotmtionsf barely maintained. Coffee dulL Bice dulL Carolina 22/6*. Quercitron Bark, Baltimore 34/9. Fish o il slow of sale, b a t pricesunchanged. Sperm£95. Linseed,anaveragebusmew, butquotationsunchanged. Rosinsteady,common jipSM/S. Medium 4/9®6/. Spirits Turpentine dull and slightly declined, quoted3"4/6f~^35/. Teiaunaltered.AMERICAN SECURITIES.—Messrs. Baring Brothers&Soubanebility.diana withdraw his objection. • Mr.FITCH—Thefactthatitisfromwhitecitizensremoves.any objections that I could have opposed toan important matter a s this, when you come to inves- tigate the. rights and privileges of freemen, and. to con- sidertheproprietyofpassingjudgmentandinflicting punishment; then I ask you, have you a right to takeMr. FESSENDEN—That makes no difference.Representatives. I t ' might b e said that the action ofLIVERPOOL PROVISION MARKET.—Biglana, Atuyapast Houses w as frequently acted on by u;succeeding Mi-. MASON suggested. that the Senator from In- Housei This is tine to a certain extent; but in suchit but for the intemperate language used on the other the testimony given belore a Committee of a past ses- side, and for the opinion of tho Senator from Massachu- sion? If you have a right to do this, where will ittendingtheappointmenttoofficesgenerallyundereachsetts,ifheclasseshimselfinthecategoryofgentlemen. Icarenotforit,forIdonotclasshiminthatcategory atall. ••The mittee.end?'If you.have,arighttogobacktothe last session te establish this case, why not go furtherAdministration,cohtending'thatitwas' donein everyt h eSelectCom-New-York (Mr. Haskin) in giving .out the contract for binding,' because that the-'-'gentleman-'so'.-ap--Vance, Vandever, .Van Wyck,. Verfee, "Wade, Waltoii,"Wash- bum (Wis.j, Washbnrne (I1L), Webster, Wells, Wih|m; Win- dom, Woodruff—119. , ~, , 1_ !iSomes, Spaulding, Spinner, Stanton. Stevens, Stewirt (Pa.), back—gobacktotheCongressbeforothat—ave,and casein'thespiritwhichactuatedthememberfrom Stokes,Stratton,Tappan,Thayer,Tompkins,Train,!jTrimble,petitionMr.. HUNTER (Dem., Va.) reported an amendment submit to the consideration of the House another ques- pointed, was from bis district and a personal friend.resolution, but Mr. Houston objected. • - Thethirdresolutionasabove wasadoptid- 123against61...... ' J]."«'. P«unsvlvaniaCentral,6tycent,1stmtge,'80.,90-2>92v:HALIFAX,Wednesday,June13,1^60. Tho Royal Mail steamship Niagara, ..fromXdyW*pool2d,viaQueenstown3dinst.,hasarriy^ed9k Mr. HATTON (S. Am., Tenn.) havmg the floor to this port. . : : >?4^;B. Martin, Chief Engineer, as a mem'imember of the Boanfiolj fchigin-, tions, in detachments. AHwere much pleased! withPor Presidential Electors at Lar^e the following were chosen: Prederick Hassenrack of Hamiltoiiand J.M.RootofErie.From Havana. CHARLESTON, Wednesday,!June 13,1860.The steamship Isabel arrived last evening from, Ha* vana 10th. & ^Sugars were active, and advancing. Molasses was arc constantly at w « k , sometimes praising, sometimes that they/ould not, understand what was goh\ OW quiet. , .',-• j .tee on Foreign AffaiiB, secured, under a suspe therules,theSenatebilllorthereliefof Fran. - , ' ,. " ' "•'•••• • A r ' •76,000 bales; stock in port 235,000 bales: New-Orleans tares ordi-Pennsylvania 5 ty cent Bonds, IS77J...Naw-York Central 7 ty cent, not couVtible, '64 93 -3l » New-York Central Shares... 71 'S 7 3 New-York and Erie 7 ty cent, 1st mtge, '67.... 89 ^ 90 New-York and Erie 7 ty cent, 2d mtge, '59 86 - » g$ Now-York and Erie 7 ty cent, 3d mtge, '83 76 ^ 73 New-York and Erie 7 ty cent, convertibles, '62 45 <» 43..{-..,.. J.., J80 # 8 8 82 -a>84• »*••**••••;;;/  