 :&I 1..u.IlentByteeway:JudgeBlackyesterday offendedPacificwerealsopresentedandreferred. babitua'lyinthistrafficin8us*ex,eitheraapurchaaers Mr. Seward of Georgia presented a resolution on or agents. These men buy not to sell again in thel*nr ©Hy J*r;bt*t•ie»e%'«***:|*s&ud leby*o4s,the fan theOfth*fowitfeM';e tbis oat**il point aud«-•on the iocr&t«. le for i t i* else,^poa tae ICQ and L~;publi-RECEIVED B TCommittee will try to aAcertaia what means were1take i U k^. tptioaa"iyother aheuLthevitalyumal" »imil*r try; hatW*3 I d *(*ineeit vem who the West locrats?(.ionlare-SENATE W ASHINGTON, April 26,1860. Several Executive comamnicitions were received. Mr. FOSTEB (R«p., Cor»n.) *ntrodu >ed a b'll to pro-ITaioaj«*tM promisethe Supremo Court, by the use4 of an' ei presston one u1them *Mr.SMITH,afterreadingtheabove,saiditwouldgrosslydisparaging tothedigoityofthe Judges. beobservedthatherewisabroaddenunciationofthe A dlstmgnished Jurist promptly invoked the pro- entire South and of Virginia especially. The greatc tiled a rhicc the>F course," tve of thedaughter tly adv©r-oc* of the witaso- d Moore, >e Winter. ;icg4, tak- [itxt thing vsry, near ring incen-jt.cra on a are believeiTttcklewly" Fe*ohed, That we recognize to the fullest extent the prin- North-West, New-Englund, andNew-York have ciplethattopres«rvetieUnionth« cqnaliryoftbe Statesmtut he ro.tiDtalned and tbe dec*i*on o f the Courts enforced ; and tbat e v t r j blanch o f the Federal Government shn'l exorcUe all i t sARRE8T OF A MAN AND1JIS WIFE.Y esterday afceinoon, abcut 1 o'clock, some o f t b e occupants oftbetenement hoiua No.187AvenueC had their attention attracted by a heavy snaoke thai•fth'Cff, C 4 2 1 tfc?ra resi-Mr. FLORENCE iDem., Pa.) m^ved that when thege offity ' te!l-dr**e4manded of the Gov*rnor to Tctract h is aspersions. -The latter found himstlf in a tight place, and with-drew his fire.gentlemen might attend t o buhi*.-e«<8 a t t h e Depart- ments. There w » s an uoderrt*ndiog that no legisla- tive businewj should be transacted.Mr. ASHtoORE iDem., S . C ) ho;ed that tbe gas and turccmbe speeches would a*l be made, so that on return of the absentees the House might proceed to bbsvees*.Tbe House then went into Ck>mmi;tee of the Whole on. tbe Sr*t«» o f the Union.Mr. JENKINS tl>em., V a) argued that tbe success of the Republican pariy would liil t i e people bt t h e South with jast alarm a n d app<-eheni»i«»n, and lead even t:> t h e dissolution o f the Union. T h e first effect would be the immediate loss to the enure S^uth of millions of dollars worth of slaves, who would flee from tbe border States to the North, under the be'iwf that i l e Republican party were their friends. Under a RepnbHcan Admin'str^tton, itwould be impossible t oclainvtbem under the Fugitive-e!«*e law, and the bordsr slavehcloers would b e obliged t o remove thoi*e who remained further from »bo North. Tans 8lavery would b e practically abolished in tbe border States, and a n e w tier of border St»teB established further South. Another misfortune would be the dispensation of patronage throughoutthe South bya RHpublicauwBl stand firm. tbat Southern men would not be found to ta*e an For Delegates to Chteago, the Firet District of the Mticc"Squatter Sovereignty."Mr. Douglas has telegraphed to his friends to accepttbe Cincinnati Platform and the Dred Scott decision, but. not to go one step beyond this.The Committee o n Platform met again at 7 o'clock tbis evening, a n d each member of t h e Committee is irM;iacted by hie delegation how he shall act.flare-up, and probably Georgia and South Carolina. Tomorrow will bo an exciting day.Mr. Yancey is fully cocked and primed, aud the bre-eders generally are in the greatest state of excitement.Outrage.SCRANTON, Peon., Taureday, April 26,1860.The Morning Herald office, here, wa* attacked by a dozen persons from the neighboring to ivn o f Dun- morelastnight. Tbe editor, J. IS.Adams, and his employees, were severely handled. T h e difficulty grew oat of an expcs6 of a gambltng-houee iu Dun-Imit Tennessee a t tbe proper tiooe. will not he»p Mr. Douglas much.Thia disco =rery•'.,:i&.• • .Mx!RICE(R«p.,Mats.)spokeupontheTariff,show-I now{stationaryafterafijteenfoov*ht»» • -4.lv V. **fi ',/.}i.>.•': 'J,.Thomas M. Tryniski 309 South 4th Street Fulton New York 13069?h:".: •-An official call has at last beenmadefor a RepnbHcau Convention, to beheld at Doveron tbefir»tday of SCay. Ibis call for such an anomaly ha a 8iavo State, i*signed by nearly nix hundred names—no inconeiderjble num-ber In a diminutive State like Delaware. The Demo-cratic press is not a little exercised concerning this Mr.FitzbnghofVirginiapresentedascriesofreso- move. Itiaastonished,indeedaatoucted. Itbad:•• •for repairs, and ber place in the line w m he filled b ytTHELATESTNEWS*tbela*tHouse,wasbeforeMr.CovoSe'sCommit-Jngtbenecessityforsnincreaeeof.atteu^outothede- tee to-day, but did not conclude hi» tostunbny: T h o v*lopm€xtiof the material ffiMM o d m m ^ MvotedwithtbeSouta.1%isregardedasafatal lawf»ofNew.MexiooconUnoeinfbrosa*faraaooa-3LI.GNET1C TELEGRAPH.Froi* Wai.iii*«ton. BpooUiIH«p»±<&toTh*N.V.Tribune.WASHINGTON, Tbnrrdmy,April26,1860.JUDGE DOUGLAS.used to secure tfc* passage of the Eogfoh Lecomp- proceeded to show the danger and deistiwtivenees of ioconrtant legislation upon commerce and naanaf ic- tonb23.Mr.Wendellistobeexaminedonthis tures,andelosedwithanelaboratediscussionoftbasubject. It ia not improbable tBat bis evidence will wool quest;on, demenatrating the common interest of tbe manufacturer and the wool grower, aud sustainingIinvested wilh an absolute veto power over tb* fr*gbt- # The Matform #MetilM ^ with a general approval of the decisions of the Su« Ja*ni$, may grant pardoxo, and a-'poiuta tb e Leuten- pyerx^donrt,aidaaobligationtoret«trrifagitire wjt-Govetnor,SecretaryofState,CW^-oBe*,Htrsb«f,slaves. ;. Jodges, aud a n Attoruey-Gex-oral, Tn« elee«ioa for county officers and legislative members will take placeafe. 'action to-day of the Navy department, be ordered tolaw, wb?cb the Supreme Court of the State had, iu an unanswerable argument, pronounced unconstitutional. He regarded the question of the admission of w w States^8«oneofdiscretionmerely,andwouldvotefor nomore Slave States.The Committee rose, and the House adjourned.to eatclaim in tbeir well-feigned grief, " Bow often debts more tban a n y other one thiog. To accomplish Mr. Croswell to vote for Stephens^ which affir ms ebculd provide power to its officers to enforce existing ** would we have gathered thee together, even a« a henthis, some officer fehohld be clothed with legal authority tbe Cincinnati platform, and declares t h e purpose laws a n d protect existing righta. Eeforrod t o t h e "gaibereth h e r chickens under h e r wiogs, and y e.-.,..• .Jd, >.oontrastinp-tbepbl?cvofourGovernmentinthispar-'* t^enlar wnb tb«kt of European iuatious at Targe. BsTm*mmm«4W*VrvtsWV^^'FW.r"Wow at Douglas.Tbe inborit* will report the Cincinnati Platforms^s^ent, until i*pe»3*:d or modified by tbe Provi8)f{»*l L+nhht*)T*. TheGovernoristohold hisofficeon* y*ar, 8»d to be (in future) elected by the people; he isnpon a platfoTm which they **y. by tel^rip^ic dis- been before the Federal Assembly.patcbee, 'will probably be adopted b y t h e C ommit- Count Walewski has authorized the French Minister to take every measure be miy deem proper to promote "teeonBtfiolntfons,andifnotbytuenxbytheCon- tieJOB;,demandoftheUnitedStatesinthematter. vention Thatplat'otminclndeatheCmcinnati TbeBraUhMinisterwilloooperata,hispredecessor one, with the Dred Scott dVcuion annexed; a*so a hnvitifi been iuftruflted by Lord Clarendon to inform tb* Swiss Government of the sincere satisfaction with plank.a»«ertingthedu*yofthisGovemoMnttopro- •vfbichbcrMajesty'sGovernmentwouldlearnthatthe tectButarafczedcitizen*,whenvWitio^theplaces disabilitieshavebeenmodified,ifnotentirelyre-moved* :4$ tteir natvity, from impositions there in t h e When tbe steamship Roanoke shall arrive a t New- ssajke of xeqxxxxements to perfoim military daty, York quarantine, she will m accordance with theMr. HOI^MAN msde a speech.in exposition and de- feofe o ' Pen eeratic principles.'Mr. W ASHBURNE (Ren., Wis.) rented t o h i sDemocraticcolleague(Mr.Lajrabee),anddefinedthepositionoftbeRepublicanandDemocraticpartiesofWisconsin. H e showed'that t b e Democratic partyclaimed to be nore radically Anti-S'avery than th eBepublicanpariv*aindtbatonlybysuchfalseprateisebadthfybeenabletoretaintheshadowofpower.He eulogized the German population of that State,and declared that they weio generally iu principle, op- A Slave Code Platform Adopted. posed to Slavery. He denounced tbe Fugitive Slavewhich has exploded under the feet of the tottering North, and the coDeexmences in the Convention can-Republicans will not make any nocoioatioae—St*te or. Connty-r-but will concede this right to the People'* party, which party h U expected will aupport t b e l i e -Hampton Boads, whence the Japanese Embassy'will Mr. Jefferson Davis's Slave-Code resolnUons may be conveyed in a Bteamer to Washington, to be for-possiblybeadaptedbytheConvention,butnoman mallyreceivedbythePresident,beforevisitingotherSpecial Dispatch to the N. Y. Trlhnns.CHARLESTON,Thursday,April26,1860.The Convention assembled a t 10 o'clock, rknows better than Judge Douglas that the accept- ance o f a nomination on sach a platform would h a death in every Northern Slate.parts of the conntiy.XXXVITH CONGKESS. , FIKST SESSION.The Platform Committee. have not agreed, and lutions in favor of the enforcement of the FugMve always supposed that tbe citizens of tbeDiamond State* probably will net. Three conflicting reportsare Slavelaw. Referred totheCommitteeonPIutforrxu wereconservativeintb«»irfeelings,bntinthuscall,audiin the growing favor of Republican vievos, ft e^es evi- TheNew-Yorkdelegationmet this morningand receonizirgasafactthatwhOetheGovernmentha*no dencestbattheyarebecomingpactional,ana>s^heddiogIt is stated among Democratic politicians thatJodge Black and O n . Bowman of Th* Constitutionwill support Judge Douglas if nominated, a ad that theleadingarticleofthatpapertosaideffectwas vide/orprogressintheueefulsrts. Referred.telegraphedtoCharlestonto-day.A class o f the Democratic Senators looked glnmand soreto-dayafter thereceipt ofintelligenceTheverometw^eofthePresidentonthebillforthe relief of Arthur Edwards was ordered to be printed.Adjourned till Monday.HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES.toabideby.approve,,andenforce alldecisionsof the Supreme Court. ;tect on of Heaven over the life of Judge Taney, so Stat the appointment of Jodg-. Black to the exalted position o f Chief Jaattoe might b e averted, andsttcotber e^atrnguiahed Jurist, woo is no* a Senator, is«*idtohaveremarkedthattheSenatewouldnot confirm Judge Black, if appointed to the Supreme Bench.Virginia to establish the S'ave system; but for tne last I hear that what is called the Santrilan land case thirty years the stctional strife has been continued byTHE SA5TTLLAN LAND CASE.authorizing Mr. Cioewell to vote for Mr. Bayard's; resolutions, iu dtsvegard of his instjL*uct.ons thismorning; but the plot was discovered iu time to bearrested. A n intoripal meeiirg of the delegationreferred without reading. Capt.EyndersBaidhedesiredby hiaamendmenttoput a stop to them, and be had succeeded.Mr. Montgomery of Pennsylvania presented a reeo-will be up in the Supreme Court ou Monday, when the decision of the Court will be given.BpMfaLPtepstehtoTh«V.f.TritJOM.W A S H T X G T O N , Tfcorxday, April 26, I860.A N E W COCIiT-MOCSE, JAUL, &Cmukug war upon tbe great and beneficent policy ofFreeLfcbor.Ever*onefenewittobetruetha*.noman could to-day stand up in the Legislature of Vir-ginia and express such Anti-S'avery seitimensas wereannouncedtherein1832 WhywasMr.Underwooddnven away % Where was the gentleman tbsu (Saitu),wbowassoanxioustovindicatetherightofFreeSpeech ? H e knew that a large mob assembled in bad been in sesbion some time before it was disturbed. /all in aDd report the platform unanimously.Southern States; b u t unfortunately they nave not,.the consultation w t h the architect a n d Superintendent tion, and therefore have not the power to make them-futed to peimit it to be longer used for the purpose.ef the Capitol.Extension, Clerk, and Librarian.THE JAPANESE EMBASSY.Capt. Dupont and his associates, in charge of the ^a^asese Embassy, are ia uursi of comfortable and sumptuous qoarters for these distinguished visitors, atthevarioushotels. Itisyet uncertain whether they * 3 ! occupy rcoms a t t h e National Hotel, o rselvtsJelt.Mr. SMITH (Dem., Va.) retarned to tbe charge, in-decidedto boldaConvention ebewhere. It is pre- sumed to be now progressing;, but where innot known.at a private house. I t is difficult t o find one of the guilty of uttering a calumny. H e defended Virginia for preventing pernors from goiog into that Common-;ron»titnt. on»l powers in tbe protection o l portion* tuid property,mp *W "MW?»Tte Convention re-assembled at'2 p. m. in tbe office latter ready furnished which will accommodate wealth with torch in hanlto fire her social and po of Jcmts Carey Coale, agent of tbe New-York Under-bctb in the Stmts and the Territories."them. linealedifice. Hesaidtbat Mr.Underwoodwas treated with great delicacy, and reminded tbe gentle- RATES O F POSTAGE. roan tbat there were mobs in Ohio aud violations of Mr. Colfax's proposition to reduce the rate« of law, and iliat the Governor of the State refosed to sur- retder a* witn^.-s to tbe demands of justice. Were postage upon printed matter where sent in large they to have lectures on proprie'y from such a source?wiittis,intheExchangeBuilding,wherethefollowing business was transacea:The Committee appointed in the morning to select debates from each Cvn^ressianal District lo rspresent theSlateintheChicagoConvention,submittedthe fo'lowing:theCincinnatiplatform,andincorporatingwithit the pjitclple o f the Clajton Compromise, by which the question of Slavery in Territories is referred to tbe Judtciaiy. They claim it will carry, but the resultisdmbtful. TheextremeSou'b,whilewill- ing to concede something for conciliation, demandresolution,anditwasfinallyruledoutoforder,aa •wnys,anduponexaminationtboydiscoveredabrisk commg under the platform rule, according to which it fire in tbe apartments on tbe second floor, occupied b y must be referred to that Comm'ttee. Sebastian Augustine. Tbe doors were broken open,Several other resolutions were offered, and it w as and by tbe speedy application of a few pails of water repeatedly asserted that the Platform Committee would tbe fire was kept under until tbe arrival of the Bremen, beunabletozepoitatall. whentbeflamesweresoonextinguished. No-publioA resolution w a s then offered, instructing them to alarm was given, and tbe firemen present received i<rpoiowbat progress they bad made at 10 o'clock to- private notice of ibe fire-quantities,meetswithuniversalfavor.VIRGINIA PERSONAL EXPLANATION.HesimplywantedtoreplytoanattackonhisSsato and tbe South generally.Mr. BINGHAM replied tbat the gentleman drew on Virginia attempted another personal explanation hie fancy for his fact* and imagination for h:s argu-.in the House to-day, in which one of her chival- ments; and in the course of his remarks referred to rous sons found the tables turned upon him. E x - the onions of of George Mason and Gov. McDo veil of lees than 30 years ago in favor of emancipation.Fnst District—Jsmss Bryan and D . W . Orem.Secmd Dittrict—James Jeffries and W . P . Ewing, projection lo Slavery in substance. They will takeThird D strict—Francis S. Corkran and Jamei V . nothing lessr and if that is reiased, they will Cillmorrow, morning.Pending which, the Convention adjourned till 10a; m. to-morrow.Tbe excitement is increasing.CHARLESTON, Thursday, April 2G, 1860. A great sectional excitement is raging here to-nigbt. The Southern Cotton States are rampant, and threat-en to leave the Convention i n a body a u d nominateThrough tbe exertions of tbe firemen, the fire wa<i prevented from extending beyond tbe room iu which it originated. Tbe occupants were thrown into a great consternation, but all reached tbe street in safety. Se versl persons in the upper part of the house narrowly escaped suffocation, owing to the dense smoke.In consequence of the protracted absence from tbe> house of Augustine and his wife, suspicion waa arouBed against them. Fire-Marshal Baker wasforthwith noti- fied,anduponreachingtbe premises,instituteda rigid examination. T h e fire appeared t o have originated under the bed, where was found a heap of shaviogvand small pieces of pine wood, partially burned. T h e general appearance of the burning indicated that it was the work of an incendiary. .After a protracted search Augustine a n d b i s wife> were found and taken into cuetody by officer Carl uid, of the Eleventh Ward, on suspicion of setting Cre t o tbe premises, or of having guilty knowledge of th e matter. T b e investigation showed tbat Augustine was two months behind in his rent, and that be was ia- debted for groceries in t h e neighborhood. H e is i n - sured for $250 on his boueehold effects, in soma Com- pany in Wall street, the name of which be could not remember. Tbe accused is a tailor b y trade, a u d h e alleged tbat be had lost several new coats from his room. He failed to give a n y satisfactory account o f bimeelf, and Captain Squires locked him u p t o await the Fire Marshal's examination to-day, before Justice Steers. Thefurniturewasdamagedto theamountof $100, and the building, which is owned by Jas. Wood, to the amount of $00.ACCinEKT TO THK STEAMER KNICKERBOCKER — T h esteamer Knickerbocker, which left Now-York last evening in compary wi-h th e steamers New World and Hendrik Hudson, became crippled tin* morningWagner. FouithD)8trict—Wm. E . Coele and Jona-Gov. Smith stigmatized some of Mr. Bingham's He repudiated the charge that he did injustice to Vir- than Scbumaier. Fiith District—Charles L ee A r- The Tennessee platf >rm, which the Pennsylvaniaremarks, which were printed in The Globe reflect-ing upon politicians o f his State, a s calamnious.Mr. Bingham appealed to the record, and sustainedhis assertion's in an eloquent and jast tribute ta thepatiiotn-m of the Virginia fathers as contrastedwilii thepetttfoging policyoftheirsons, and de- Houseadjourn,itaojoum till Monday, iuord«rthatdelegates have recommended, is as follows:T H E TARIFF.t X Mr.EiceofMass.madeaaableandwell-con-•infact, all vl-jdsre a n d"'.'.'sidered speech upon the Tariff bill of Mr. Momll*. He agreed to the general policy of the bill, but held to-the Boston doctrine o f n o duty upon loar-priced wools. H i s remarks evinced great research into the manufacturing and commercial statistics of the country, with which branches of indastry theNew-York is still uncommitted on a candidate,though several leading men of bothiaterests iu thede!e^a*ion are against Mr. Douglas. Still, her voteit confidently claimed and conceded in the follow-ing estimate, which has been revised b y p r o a n d and Alabama will leave t h e Convention, in case o f a-ire Rome- FroeL>ve,rioos.icuemot:os jw TUK THIW>r«s knew, ,r>iK T i i i B -It is stated that Mississippi, Texas, Louisiana, Floridadenounced its in que*-BepubSican Cowvention. CoNCOun, N. H , Thuredsy, April26, I860.'The Republican Convention to-day elected delegates atl^rgetoChicagoasfollows: Edward H.Robinsof Concord, Awon H. Cragin cf Lebanon, Wm. Haleof& Minnesota. - GMttrjlandj lea&ogar-•'•:%CoL Florence has introduced a substitute for Mr.Morrill'sbiB,morder to conform to theviewsofSenators, who, h e says, will not vote for i t T h e PrtBid«nt m. such a way as to build up and strengthen.3 5 U9J Of these,the North-West aJone,counting 64£,iiepublicaa ' ighi, air. In e w Wbplr irters mac©>g. No. 722 ^ pk Hotel, fori>« atthe next appointed t o lion, reported Ionoutside•*• ,of the two >e discharged t, which * «d adjourned, |ertera—a Ufg*! voopl*, *mdClub. Ther» &.iul aftt>r tb» 'hi unpopular I.. •i*mdent writr- .a»/»: O/th* Ttreelearaai.*last day; we* for tbe uwH&tb »jiy»; north- re Jailed u» sodosvaince terribly, ux»*&• e t y * t . & * • * * BtH»«i8&A65t*J?officeunderaRepublicanPresident. Humani-yinits RepnblicanConvenriopto-daycboeeN&thauHubbard worst aa well as beet forms exi«te in the South, as else- of Tamworth, and George Matthewaon of Dover; the where. Xoufindthere, aa elsewhere, party somewmes Second Difirict, D. T. Marston of Mancheattir; anithe4 Miuoeuota lispeakerIktenedgave general satisfaction t o larly t o the Pennaylvanians.d o g a t e s during the mornitg. adjourned sine aie.___—^The Convention then. •Maiue r^tjw-Brmpob'ieFOB UK. DOUOnAB.!> • W iscontin•«- J> ...13.11 .4 . 2h .10seemed quite t o throughoutfamiliar. H i s speech w a s5 fintiiiiift.5 iL'iooie.... 4Iowa• • • • • • « •withgreat attention, a n d Republicans, particu-Vt'iBicntRhode*Jhluiid.Coiiiiec'icutIVldt&achub«tttl**<i'ba>lv&iiia wJ>iC»».••••......... ......... .«*Itepublicana will adhere t o the specific policy, a n dlettteDemocratsassumetheresponsibilityofde-.fcajiqg it.. > THE CALIFORNIA MAIL., T h e Post-Oflice Department anticipates some embarrassment t o t h e California mail facilities ifRepunlicaniem. I t W*B a great mietake to suppose Hlnedalft, aud Amos Tuck of Exeter. -, •AOAINST Hit. DOrOl,A8. Cal^foiijJamore.The mob wanted to know who waa ita author.Later front Barbadoes.tbe Senate does not soon act upon some proposition only ot this Government, but of the civilized world,Mr. Douglas would gain tw o votes in Maryland, two in North Carolina, and two in Tennessee.If New-York should default, Mr. Kichardaon, a d - mitsthatMr.Douglas'sdefeatwouldbeinevitable, and others opposed to him cannot discover a prob. ability for the two-third*, even with a majority con- ceded.Eleven o'clock p. m.—The following ia the plat- form just adopted:can Consul at that place. American produce was im- proving. Provisions were advancing.when passing over the upper center, which caused the piston to fall with fearful velocity, breaking t h e t o p and bottom of tbe cylinder, and again severing tbe connecting rod close off by tbe beam. Tbe accident' occurred about 5 o'clock this morning, and although.to transport mails after the expiration of the pres-ent contract on the 30th of June. The House h a sthrown into the scale agaimt the institution oi Slavery. A Southern gentleman would be received a. a foreign court very much as would a polygamous patriarch of ofUtah. Hedenied that there wasanyreasontoneie\'QPnpatsed two bills a n d resolutions looking t o a r e -organization of ourCalifornia andPike's Peak suppoeeaRepubbCi?uPresidentwouldbecoo&eivative.O b i t u a r y . PiUT,AOici.pniA„Tbursday, Aprd 26, lew.mail service, which have not j e i received consider- ation by the Senate. The Democratic members of the latter body are too busy making slave-code platforms, i n Charleston t o give aoy attention t o the necessities o f t h e commercial a n d industrial classes upon the frontier and Pacific coast, and t h e eonsequeneewill be another temporary contract for sea and- isthmus transportation, which is all now within the power of the Department to make.dead.caused a considerable commotion on tbe boat. A fear- ful crash followed the breaking of the ooonwctiog rod, ajad in almost an instant after the crash the b»at waa enveloped with steam. Being in shallow water, there•:WITHDRAWAL O P M R . BRECKINRIDGE.&cCo., J . & A. Beiry. R. H. Gardiner,N. O Mitchell, J. L . Mtchell, J . Masey, R. K. Littlefield, Robinson &. Meniil, and B. F . Johnson.—:..."•Poor-IIouse Burned.STURBJUUGE, Maes., ThrirEday, April 26j I860. The pooT-houne in tbis town was burned Ust night,and a deaf and dumb girl perkbed.Damage to tne Cotton Crop.Mfcternia, Tenc, Tncr?day, April 26,1860.T h e c o t t o n a n d , e t h e r c r o p 8 i n t h i s S t i t e h a v e b e a n jseriouslyiriuiedbythelateheavyfrost. Tneriverisabolish Slavery iu the Territories. 2d. That the Terri- orial Legislators h a s n o power to abolish Slavery in tbe Territories, nor prohibit the introduction of slaves tbeiein; n o r anv.pow.-r to destroy by any legwlation whatever. Resolved, That it is the duty of the Federal Government to protect, when necessary, the rights* of persona or property on tbe bigh seas, in the Territories, or wherever else its constitutional jurisdiction extends. TbiR platform combines the resolution of Messrs. B&yard of Delaware and Clark of Missouri. It was adopted by 18 to 15, hut Mr. Croswell changed hisvotefromtheafRtmativetothenegative,mak- iigtheactualrenulfc17to16,OregonandCaUforniaIt is rumored here to-night that Mr. Breckiu- ridge has withdrawn the use o! his name from theCharleston Convention. Some constrae this a favorable to Mr.Douglas,and others toMr. Guthrie. The friends of Mr. Douglas claim it an advantage gained for him in Pennsylvania. His stock is more-wrok foot op 4,100 bales, and the receipts &,eOO.SAVAN>AH April 26.—COIVOS—The kile 01 tho wtwk add u pncer of tb e Knickerbocker says that th e boa*, **-*«going at a moderate Bpeed at the time tbat the a joideutoccurred, and that it was caused by au imnerfe j t weld-ing togotber of the connecting rod'. The K"11"^ .erbockersteady than that of any other candidate here, and it announced the Republican triumph, the South £ouldanother boat. If her cjltadcr is, br keu, f ^hlox ^ , , „ „ , , , . , , . . , . . . . 0, ^ , . , 0 „ a , , »isontherise.THE COVODE INVESTIGATION.JlMr,Bean,lateciwkia Mr.Alien's office underh e n r o * . i y t b e m i n u t e - * u n a t t e a , p r o c l a u m o g t h e U n i o n faabout"touodownforever. . ,• -~Americancitizentoholdollice. Thepresent©xbfiag,1crderin\c»sthanafortnight,» tiaox r-HV-j ^Jouivginia, and eulogized that Istate.Mr. SMITH rejoiced. He knew tbnt Mr. McDowellmour and E. J. Anten. Sixth District—Montgomery blair, and Predtiick Iddii'S.On- motion of Mr. Jfeffries, the delegates werere- quested to vote in tbe Coicn^o Convention as a unit.A motion was adopted that tbe President be author- feedtoappointan ExecutiveCommitteefortheStale, the said Committee to form au electoral tictet, to besupport* d by the Republican voters of tbe State.Tbe President announced the following as tue Exec- utiveCommittee: Wm.E.Coale,Di.Weisa,Ed-mund Smith, John H. Gould, Dr, Geo. Harris, Chaa Lee Armour, Wilnam Pihkney E wmgy aud Absalom Rowan. "A resolution was unanimously adopted pledging the Republican party to support tbs nominee of the Cnicago Ccnvenuon, be he wbo he may.The thanks of tbe Convention were tendered to the President and other officers, and to Marshal Herriug of tbe pobce force, for the efforts *he made to protect thehad expressed eoch opinions, but in 1843, '44 and '45, while n e w a s Governor o f the Commonwealtn, his opinions underwent a caange, and ae was not elected becauss be was a friend o f emancipation.h a sn owithout virtue, wealth without honesty, aud ambition without nstnotifm. So the term of a Republican party wohld spriDg up in the very bosom of the South. Then they would find t h e whole moral weight, notTbird District, Jacob Burton of Lancaster:, J..C. Bean of Enfield. l-\From Salt 'ILalie a n d B>enver. AT'CHISOB, K. T , Wednesday, April 25, I860..Tie Salt Lake Express arrived here at 6 p. m., bring- ing $9,000 in gold dust from Denver City, and three passengers frem Sal' Lake.In crossing the mountains they were obliged to leave oneoftheirmessengers,onacoouutofhisbeingsnow- blind.John Scudder, wbo killed Bassett last Fall, and left Denver City immediately a'ttr the murder, had re- turned and given himself up to the authorities. He was baling bis examination when tbe Express left. I t wa3 generally thought he would be acquitted.Fsrc.Por.TLANn, Me., Thursday, April26,1860.NORFOLK, Thuisdiy, April 26.1860. Tbe schooner Lucy Waring has arrived in HamptonIf Mr. Seward were elected, it wcuid be entireW bv tbe votes of radical Eepublicaus of the North, and all tbe tendencies would be to make him more radical tban ever b«fore. Slavery would be excluded from the Terr tones, s n d Free States would b e admitted, and new Slave Spates excluded, until nt last the Nortb would have sufficient preponderance t:> amend t h e CoTPtitntion, so as to crosh out tbe institutions of tbe Souh altogether, a n d destroy three thou-ia-jd nuil'OTiS worth-of &4xve proi.erty. Ou the other hau/1, tbe triumph of the Democratic party would entail no e*ib» aivd apprehensions of evil on the North. He be- lieves the ascendancy of the Republican party would not only peril, but actually destroy this Federal Union. He res.ded ou the border of a border district of a bor- der Sute to near to a free-labor State that he couldbear the very song of nor husbandman, and see tbe bright gleams o f t h e blades a s they gathered their aolden harvest. H*nce he could not contemplate witu calmness t b e u* numbered woes which would result from a severance of the Unjon, Virgu-ia has been in past history true to tbe merest of the whole North, L d she corjured the men of the North not to dnye her to exuemuies. In the booming of the cannon whichLawrence Johnson, a well-known stereotyper,is urattendedwithloe*oflife oreven bodilyinjuries,1NEW-YORK DAILY TBlfcfJNE, M I D ^ . AJPEIL 27, I860.callforthanotherprotestfromthePresident; bisposit'onbysnarrayoffactsuponthatpointshow- ALLSORTSOFPROPOSITIONS. Themajorityplatformwillprobablybovoted inMay. •- ! r'4To UM.AMOCIBWXI Trim._, _" WASHINGTON,Thursday,April26,1860.ing that there isagradual increase intbepric*ofAmerican-woelundertbe presenttariff oflowdutyv TLAVEPROPERTYTOBEPR0TECHDINTERRITORIES.dov.n, nnbss Penns>lvania oan be dtivou ID, which now threatens tobetheresult,atleastonthepart of a laTge n»mority.MATTERSINDELAWARE.CwreepeadepceofTheN.T.Trftume.LKWES, Deb, April 25,1860.He also advornted a change in the interpretataon of • , ..- *:< •;, •• ..<• v, •::: • - , thelawfixingthepriceofwool,attbeplaceofexportto he actual cost, and not at its value on the day ofsa*l*ng. He advocaud the general features of the billdirection, azd tba* in nil probability the restrictions ouin lie neoet»dant at Cb*rfe»to»»' and have fired ttemwillbegraduallyabolshed. Thsquestionhas itsspecificuroeeedintrs. •Eighteen month* smc«s J*»dg* Douglis wa« o»- Mr. Fay,tbe United 8fc*t*s Miutator.to Switzerland,marecentlet'ertoSocroUrfCass,saysapsakingoftraciaed, Bocnally and poiicicaHy, by the olace-mcn b« efforts m »-ebalf of the Israelites, there is a con-id t b e Democracy here. Bat now his friend* are. trx>nal visible mavemeot of public opinion in the rights , ..before tbe House, recommending a change i n soma o fThe Excitement Increasing* A DISRUPTION IMMIISTENT.The programme of tbe Oppoaition in thi» Sate, the Much excitement wasproduced bythis bomb, comingcampairn,if weuotferttaudHproperly,U theMr.SMITHsaidthatsupposingthegentleman off,simplybecausethedebtorhasnotover15ouncesisimminentwithoutsomesatisfactoryagreement. wise,)n_theTerritoriesorenthehighseas..werefonndagainstfivem^nfo*larcenyofaslave —s^aiDst two men for imprisoning a free negro, with intent to iidnip, and agamst six men for k>un*ppinr and a'ding and a-bisting to kidnap. These men will be prosecuted at the next term. This fact shows some offrom Ohio did not desire t o d o injasftce, h e (South) eongbt to correct h m by remarktnc that he did not want the gentleman to say tbat "Virginia did thit. Some of h e r poliucians d:d it, bnt Virginia repudi- a«pd it.of the pound of fleeh to pay to him.. Senator Ben- jamin's roll sbonld become a law a t this session. N oThe public interest is greatly inoreased as the crisis approaches. The galleries and floors o f the Convention are throDged with, excited spectators ofTie amendment was acopted, and the resolution as amsneed referred to the Committee on Platform.The Tennessee Platform was then read and referred.Laborrestsonnothing buta mercenaryfoundation. ThePoliceCommiafiieners,wishalargeforceofpolice, all such practices constitute a large majority iu the„tiens if;he"desires it. There is much trouble in the such pTor«.Tly, or discriminate Ktatnnt it by withboldiop thatone thing would do so much to revive business,Cl~etland, O., Apill 16, 1860." x .both sexes.They say that a s a n advocate Mr. Sohnable would Mr. BINGHAM (Rep., Obis) replied that he was Maryland Republican State Con- P. M.—The Platform Committee have adopted in the Territories were presented from various dele- confine th*mfrelves to buying and exporting boni-tldewhip outthepretensions ofthe attorney ofthe epeaVii>gdfih»politiciansofVirginia. He wishedto bay the South has BOWmen superior to all such nar-Government. row,bigoted,selfish,mercenaryprfjudicesandprac-vention.BALTIMORE,Thuwday,April26,1860. Tbe Republican State Convention m e t to-day a tRechabite Hall. There wereabout 30present. Mont gomeryBlairwaschosenPresident. .s.-slaves, very little notice ie taken of it, although there Mr. Bn} ardVTeBoSutious— affirming the Dred Scott gates, and referred to thePlatform Committee. is a law forbidding eucb. There are very few prose-^ecirion, repodiatiog squatter sovereignty and Con- gressionalintervention,andtbatitisthedutyoftheFederalGovernmenttoprotectallspeciesof thelightsofslaveholders,describingasuitableplat- State,buttoshiptoBaltimore,fromwhencetheyaretsees, bnt ut.happily the gentleman from Virginia ia notAnumberofresolutionsrelativetorailroadstothe cutionsagainstthisclassofdealers.Itiscomputed that from fifty t o o n e hundred ptrsons a r e engagedpropertyintheTerritories',onthehighseas,oraoy formjanddeclaringJamesGu'brieofKentucky,as body of its people are accused of being narrow, big- pprinBlingof " roughs," who were led on by -Erasmus. other place over which it has jusrisdiction—by one tbe proper man to nominate for the Presidency.oted, selfish, and mercenary, and thathe (Smtth) w a s one of them. Didbounderstand Mr.Bingbamas meaning what he said ?Mr. BINGHAM—I meant what I said.Mr. SMITH—It is faiie, and the m-*a who utters it is a deliberate calumniator.Mr. BINGHAM replied that the gentleman's decla-~ lion was not very likely to cause' him to strike out she facteofhistory. Whatbe paidhe stood by. Here peatedwhatbehadsaidastotheformermovementinLevy, commenced a dUtbrbance. Presently, Levy and bis followers made a rush and upset the President's table, knocking several Republicans down, and tearing up tbeir papers and documents. \The police interfered, and made several arrests.Tbe Convention adjourned till 2 o'clock.The members were greeted on the outside by a largecrowd, whofollowed, hooting. Mr.Gunnison, a prominent Abolitionist, w as purpned by an imaaenss) mob, crying—"Lynch him," " Hang him," "Theremajority^ and tben reconsidered and rsjectad tbsm by the same vote.bela wbifrky in the articles to be protected.Mr. Bayard of Delaware hoped that the Conven- various members of tbe New-Fork delegation, tionwouldnotbemadetoappearridiculousbeforetbe country by these resolutions, and moved that they beA'Jargecrowdofspectators,includingaconsiderablecarriedfurther South. Itwillnotrequireagi'eat bngth of time sensibly to de^lete this claen of popula- tion at tbe present rate of exportation, as tbe effjrte of these peop'e a r e untiring, stimulated by -the hope ofResolved, That t b e platform adopted a t Cincinnati A fire 5ii Gai diner, Mf>., iast uigbt, destToyed.thirteen bi» uffinnfd, with the following additional resolutions:The propeller Henry Andrews, of tbe Swifbmre Ex> of:a0O0bV.b TMl •l»a!»155;Whit*,$J75 COHMttrm; press,Lino,wasashortdistanceatntemoftheKoicker* "ie-Tf S S o t A S YeUow, afloat, a t 77c. W i u « x , firm a t beckerwben this accident occurred, aud upon comingdwelling bm^ee, several eaw atsd plauivg mills, and That tbe National Democracy of the UnitedStates holdUntitled DocumentTreasonintheNew-York Delegation.notbeforeseen;buttheyarelikelytobeeetioua.HalfpastEleven o'clock.—It isestimatedthat publicansintheirelectoralticket,incorj^deratioiiofTHE PLOT EXPLODED.the latter asetairg tbe former in their local iseate. ft180 votes will be cast against t h e Majority Plat- h to be boped that tbie contemplated arrangement may form. ThedelegationsfromMissouri, Kentucky, beeffectedsatisfectoi3y.now expected. Mr. Hughes Of Penurylyania preeeoled a resoluionSIR: The business interests need to settle up old rejected M r. Bayard's proposition, but instructed pov**?to protect slave property in the Territories, ft many crocodDe teais over tbe defection, aud ia readyWF A T THE BUSINESS INTERESTS NEED.Toth*Editor tfTheN. Y. Tribune.toadjustbalances,andpaydebtswithdebts;inno otherwaycantheybepaid.Senator Benjamin, has introduced a Bankrupt bill, which,ifadopted,willspeedilywipeoutoldscores,aid benefit both debtors and creditors. It does not actton on the subject. ,CommitteeohPlatform. The,CommitteeonPlatformisstillout,anditisun-derstood they a r e wholly unible t o agree, and that threeseparatePlatformswillbepresented."wouldnot7" No,tbepeoplewillnoteubmtttouio protectingcaretbatispromisedthem,but obstinately pt rbiet in doiDg aa thry think be«t, notwi4i&taoding the warning ut'ered, and the moumfnl cry o f eectionatinoa anddangers;•Wbhwhatharrowedieebngsi*contem-from Administration sources to the effect that Jadge FMr. SMITH (A.d. D*m., Vs.), rising to a question propose to wipe out debts without the creditor's con- Various States have conferred, and the Conven- declarirg that emigrants to the Territories carrying tism ! If such <appreher sions were not consideredDouglaswouldprobablybenominatedatCharles- OJprivilege,readanextractfromtfr.Bingham'sspeech sent.-Itmerelygivesri>eforceoflawtothearrantton. This w a s *J nuis" to Andrew Joho^oa, who in which the latter said that Maryland tolerated o;>en mentof the paities. If a majority of creditors desire tion are now referring their declaratary resolutions with them slave property, are entitled to protection b3pocritJca}, tb<-y might have tbeir weight, bat therehasdoubtietathrown hismflaenceinfavor ofMr. Douglas.-^HJDGfc BLACK A X D M R . 8CHNABLK.<.TheleadersofthePennsylvaniaDemocracy, freely eay that Judge Black will bring no action against Mr. Schnable before making the allegation that t b e latter falsified the words o f the former.end active *ff<>rts amongher citizects for the aboli^oa to settlewith the debter, take such per cent as his as- to the Platform Committee.of domeeticSlavery,andth*tVirginia;eltandsawin setswillpay, and,discharge him,such diechv-g*ise•eryfiterofher existencethat*hemusteithertirow madelegalandbindingonallcreditors. Whatjustice ThisquestionengToasesallpresentinterest,anden-to such property. Mr.WalkerofMississippiofferedanamendmentde-are few tbat believe iu tbeir Mncertty.Theinter-State slave traffic hasbeenflourishingiuTbePennsylvania delegationmet,buttooknoDelawareoflate. A*tb<>recentfissionof theSops- off mat giant wrjng or perish by reason of its con- is therem allowing die narrow-minded creditor to de- tirely overshadows that of candidates, as a rupture claring it tbe duty of the Government to afford legal rior Court, in and for Sussex Conntr, quite a batch of tinuance. ^ ^ prive tbe majority of a man's creditors from settling protection to all classes of property, slave or other- negro cases came before tbe Grand Jory. IoUictmeotaMessrs. S'ddell a n d company g o t u p a letter through. Meesrs. Barlow a n d FowJer, signed b ynave pro**cuted this business sriccesafnliy, a u d this fact btcoonngjDOtoriouR, has induced olhtru to enter tbe field in competition.Tbeeffectofthistrade,ifitistomakebadcit»z»»na of both buver and seller, because of law« violated, ia alsoto dimmish tbe fundus of tbe body politic, as it is* recardedbvmany; andforthisreason therearethoeo wbo in kind Would tolerate it, as they observe ia it » means ot emancipation of the State. 'W e are inclined to the opinion that this cortinued dram up^n tbe '•ra-goesamanwhostoleanigger,""Theregoesttewasimmediatelycalled,andMr.Ludlowdenounced IImtoinstructtheCommitteenottoreportaNa- tembaafavoredslightlytbeprogressofRepablicaat-piiit of John Brown," &c. Mr. Gunnison took refuge in tbe Marine Baxk, and the police escorted htm to a. place of safety.t i e whole scheme. . . !,s The programme was if New-York agreed to the molutioTJs, Pennsylvania and. other States were t otional Committee until the nominations are made. T h e subject was referred to tbe Committee.Tbe following resolution w a s presented b y M r .MoutonofLouisiana,andiaeaidtocomefromSenatoropinions, because with each exportation of a slave the* State lows so much more interest iu tbe institution.Another effect of high prices of slave**, with consa- quent exportation, is tbe diminished number of tnanu- mlseions. Within the last three years there have been recorded but t<v0 or three cases of munum'ssions in the Recorder's OflBce of this County. Formerly the num- ber was much greater. Moet persons will not b e s o generous as to manumit tbeir slave3when they com- mand such prices as the present. Yeans ago, wheu the prices were low, deeds of manumission vtsre common.The farmers in tbe State are quite forward in their,work; and especially on tbe low grounds *nd swamp,Tbecrowdthenslowlydispersed. TheConventionSlidelL., The Ct-rcm ttee on Public Buildiogs and Grounds Wheeling to suppress a peaceable meeting, culled to Tbe Committees were appointed. Difficulty ia antici- Tbe Committee took a recess, and is now again " Resolved, That the Tenitoriee belong to the several 8Ute« ashavedeterminedtoreportinfavoroftheconstruc- effectaRepublicanorganizntiun. Herepeated what be ppoke of politicians at the South. H e did not in-tion of an addition to tbe Cifcv Hall for a Court- c'nde everybody in tbe South, but of tbo&ewbo givepatedwh<-ntbeConventionreassemblesat2o'clock. At 2 o'clock a crowd had assembled iu front of theball where the Republican Convention was to "meetinsession.The New-York delegation will confer to-nightwith a view to releasing Mr. Croswell from instruc-commonpirperty,andnottotheindtvido&Jcitizen*thereof; tbat the Si-dcral Gr.ij*titarion ieoiri>tz«-d property ia alav«R, and, as pucb, tbe owner t>erfof in entitled *o carry b's n aves into aoy Ttrritoiy of the United State*, and to hnld th«-m thnro a» prop- frty; and in core tbe r*"-ple of the Territories, by ioaction, un- fitt-ndlyle&Watitu,orothw^ife,»fconldendani«iri.het«nureofdirection to public opinion. The opposition to FreeHouse, t o coat $30,000, a new Distinct Jail whichv33 Tequire an appropriation of $200,000, and a It was the old story of Alexander the Coppersmith. ;resolutionauthorizingtheremovaloftheHouseTheclassofmentowhombereferredashuperiortowereonhanctopreeeiveorder,buttheConvention'•'JSTew-YoiIt.'delegationfromofficeholdershaving?rotecttongiventootherpropoityintheTerritories,iti«the bndaofthiscounty,istheirworkmachadvancedlabra^y from the present damp and confioed roomst o ttoee more spacions and airy, t o be selected b y a power which is conferred by wealth a n d social posi- The Republic:ms bad held a private conference, andmade more pledges than they c a n redeem, they ^finding they cannot control it. :The Pennsylvania delegation has just conferred and instructed Mr. Wright to vote for the Tennes- cee' platform, which will probably command t h etion o f i t s conntitntional powers, t o secure the rights o f slave- holders."At 11:45 tbe Convention adjourned till 4 o'clock. Tbe Convention met at 4 o'clock.The Committee on Platform, were not yet ready toreport.Mr. Sayles of EhodeIsland offered a resolution in-imctfngthe Committee o n Platform to consider the iollowirg add:.t;onal resolution:have been no immoderate rains, as of last 8pnu«r, to in- undate the low lands and retard tbefarme-; the season thus far has been qu'te favorable for the prepa<'*tion of ground* andtbeconsequence mustbean increased. art« 0"swamp-bmd} prepared for cultivation.did net assemble, tl-e owner of the house having re- uty of the Gerera] Oovernmeirt to interpose, by an active ex«r« beyond what it was last year at this season, Taoresisting that he had given a prober interpretation to Mr.Bingbam'» remarks. If Mr. Bingham bad sootcen of ing, elected F. P. Biair and Wm. L. Marshall Dele^ suj^tjit of a majority of t^he Committee. T w opolit-uans merely, b e (Mr. Smith, would not have a word to say; but he spoke of the great b*dy of 'Vir- ginia. In view of wlmt Vir^nia bad done ia uaving givtnOhioandotherWesternStatestotheUnion,the gentleman daied t o describe Virgioions as saltish, and merctnaxy. TbemanwhobringsaucbachirgeiaP . M —The Republican Convention, before adjourn* \ gaT*s at Large to Cricago. im-Some doubt was expressed as to Mr. Marshall being a,memberof theRepublican Associatio»j andaCom- mittee was appointed to communicate with him, aud ascertain bis views.reports a t least are expected.Bight o'Clock p. m.—The Douglas men of theFIRE IN A TENEMENTDARING A TTEMPT A THOUSE.INCENDIARISM-agreedupon aplatformamongthemselves,Efforts will be made to propitiate. here is made through Mr. B;gbrr.The effortand Tennessee aie divicud.EEGULAE BEPOET O F T H E PROCEEINGS. CHAKLESTON, Thwsdsy, April 26,1860.Mr. Browne of Pennsylvania presented a resolution plated tbe prospect of Delaware losing her conserva-A dozen or more resolutions with regard to slaves tbe features of the trade here. Solong as these tr adergA resolution on tbe tariff being presented,Capt. Isaiah Eynders proposed to include Mononga- great and immed'ate reward. There a r e a f* «r thatjustwhich wi»l be present ;d to tbe Commitfce wijthinan hour by Mr. Johnson of Maryland, reaffirming An exci ing scene a^ose on the presentation of this pervaded their respective rooms, as well as the hall-another Convention here.Retolvcd: Tbat t h e Federal Governmentpower to Interfere with Slavery in the Status, o r e x " c ode it from the Territories, and no dutiesto perform in relation thereto but protect the rights of the owner from wrong, »nd to re3tore fugitive? fto.-i labor. These dutiesitcannot wrthhold withtut a.violation ofthe Coi stitutton.JeffersonDaviaforPresidentandFernandoWoodfor These words were adroitly extracted from t^e Vice-President, if the platform does not repudiateDouglas Harper article aud adopted, so as t> com-anti-Donglas mana gers:10 New-Yoxk Micbigun • G Total.•Connecticut.... •*- 1•• •Aiaeta<'hD«etr3....New-Jersey.P*rrfcylvoii!a 17 Total ..156i Oregoi:............ ...i..... 31 The Scmh 1.....113A<lmittiDg that a satisfactory Platform, b e Eoads, after a passage of 13 davs from Barbadoes. when near New-Baltimore. The accident wm caused adopted, a n d t h e Convention working Bmoothly, She repoilstbe death of Noble Towner, esq., Ameri- bv the breaking of th e connecting rod near tbe crauk21i?uy^O«iJtA»», April 26-COTTON quiet; sales to-day10,560. up the Andrew took tbe Knickerbocker's passengers tome uiecV.uicB*shops. Loss, $50,000. Among ttie *hese caidinal principles on the Buhject of Slavery in bales •atlii«llfi for Middling. 1NDU BAOOWS, 15o. Cotton and brought thfm to this city iu time to take the early • *principal pntTtTerB aie: Wm. Sargent, Hooper, Libty tbe Territories: 1st. That Congress h a s n o power toRKHitiMitilo Liverpool unalte-ed Sterling Exobaxge, » M * express train for tbe West. T h e passengers say th# X It?" »na witb Bill* of badlug \fi7a®103. Bignt Dratw on Nowr-V«rk l-16'Sl •& cent prem. tbe Knickerbocker and Dendrik were ractner from t' A $CnAJiWeToar, -April 26.-Oorros-Sale3 to^ay aGO hales at time they emerged from tbeir slips in New-York u jntU unchangedprices,themarketclosingqui<-t. Th»salesotthe theaccidentotHjurred. Ontbeotherhand,the•iugt-iBALTlXOftH. Arpiril 28.—FM>C» firm»,<XX bates, and the receipts 4.0C0. btock 24,000 bales.I he market close* very du)h •I S a r k c t s ./j _-Mor r ui, , Ohio Superfine, $G 25;?! WHKAI•buoyant; White. > 1 68^*1.80; wus little if any danger to be- apprehended, and th e3 WObbb? superfine at $6'a>»6 25.WU. A T advanced 3<s ;s*tesTUB CONSTITUTION OV ARIZONA —According to th eConstitution adopted by the people of Arizona, thatTerritory will contain 1*0,000 square miles, which aredivided into four counties. The Senate ia to consist ofn i n e m e m b e r s ; t h e H H o o u u s s e e o f e i g h t e e n — a l l b e i n gelectedannually. Asixmonths'residenceentitlesanyIsomefearsareentertained,shewill~A0*h^'mruuuloirpssscnge-rp, finding that tbo engine was only broken, bey were quickly quieted.was towed to this city by tbe steam-tug M«T«huH, a n dreached her dock about 11o'clock this mer a \,^ Afterdischarging: her cargo she will be towed/^ New-York. it-.-,!•••nmi www.fultonhistory.com 