 1Helper's book and a likeness of Brown is all the * CHICAlio,Jan.I,ISGO. liticaleventsofthepastday,sharpentheirpoliti- platformaskedforbytherepublicansofthissec-being a part of the remnant of Ocgollado's army. Tue«e aU bowliug; for with it they would see an uprising men have been iu all tbe recent battles and nave done ofthemassesthatwouldtakefromtheseprole- effective service;theyw,ii beprobably gladofaseason,One branrh of the republican party of this State is of the a majority of them proving to be Diuglas men; the other regular '• irrepressible conflict'' school, who swear by tide, as a matter of course, holding that their authority Helper's"ImpendingCrteia;"theyhavesnlneie&tstrength expiredin18&S. There will be anicepointfortheCm- in most tutances to control the nominations, and thus, in vention at Charleston to decide upon in connection withTremont House commenced discussing the nomina- tion, which seems to be averse to their wishes. Mostofthemfoundconsolationinthefactthatbe was Dominatedat an out-side meeting, and not at the large meeting in the hall. Others would assertBUte,ud extendstotheveryheartef thepteertesofthaNorth Tie lumber trade a.onv w-.U(Btitns beeaursao»». h*» fierceness, holding u his icy grasp the streams asm sentamongstthenfcarthatcaused tbssntodee U•a the section of tbe CIHIIJIJA thr >ugh which tt travprsoa rivers of this terf.le Stale. The farmers, having gathered every direction. Prom the East came the sound ofdepeo *.* entirely upon the I imb-r rrgtmis oi the northern alarm and the tidings that^men <>f ^ « " portion of the Stats- (or i!;eir bulling materials, w l a the products c-f their soil, are now enjoying their recreation. clasping their gold and trembliaglj hugging fcto Urgeproportionfortheir fencing. It**»hasthe Ttet:habitantsofourUrgecities,bothEastandWest, SSbosoms,tfeaircastlesof'theVestWjt°advantage over tte or*r hae*, at present, tn tra take their relaxation, and seek for health, during the hot rock to andiro. the owners flying from theuaagi-General Cameron on~lhtnd—Denied 4^K*0<«owvera.ng a section of coufttry more Uuekij settled and1QabetterMateofcultivationunaanyoftheotherline*. Yet the present busim s* i» hut a drop tn the buck-et compared to what it wilt be ia tn ire prosperous tunes. pouring down upon him. He, in his turn, now flada schoolboy, andwiththema Urge amountof real It is the only one of iba Land Grant tines In the Sute thatwin. rfelpertiM>oktoMv1ni a large circulationhere,andisalsofindingitswayintotberuraldi*-tricts of the State, scatteredmostly by hjoksellersOCa sULWAlTKEt COsUUUPONOCSCI. Ma#irints, Wis., Dec. 80,1S69.Nomination tf Ida*. Gen. Sent—If ma it wot Repined—JohnBro*mRaid--&Jlt Mm§tohitHonorisSenatorDoo-doll appearance excepting when the Legislature is in sea- Eion, which is only once tn two years.ral progress must have reverses, so is the West respiwrtherewardofthe visionaryschemesof the past The arrivals at the hotels in this city the athe selection of Chicago as the place for hoMiag which they are finding puts them to their wits to as only worthy of acorn sad contempt, aud was laadlya measure, govern the party, these men are found, where-ever they are, lauding Brown, they are extremists on every pointthattheytouch,andWerethey today livingJIthefiontb, tbey would be the gre eaters of that section, a-i 1just as tierce in their deu-:ociatiunsof Northerners at, they of the Charleston Convention.thatheistooold—hewon'tdo,Ac. Theirnervous the leadersintheCameroninterestandhisavowedexpression, however, at once revealed the tact advocates are busily engaged circulating Brown'sState have made a Uxt book of Helper's -Im-g!as, but they can unquestionably take w.tu them enoughbeat the world." The conversation was markedhtm a notori. ty thn|ushout the country. It would be an excellent sn»?culMiou for some Y ankee, to get up bis photoitrap'js to distribute; their sale would be almost equal to Brown's\ State would be unquestionably Mr. Lincoir—the d^legues The daily X»«nocrat, Long John Wentworth's paper, lloor, no one will be alaimed; but let the samewill go instructed for h'tn; failing in him. wi;l fail ha-k occasionally indulges in eulogies of him, calling Lira persons sit in a powder magazine, aud the tirstupen Edward Bates, of Missouri, who is believed to be the a martyr, Ac , but the majority of the republicans symptoms of fire dropping amongst the powdergreat Paciikator. No person iu the nation hasto-day stronger sympathies with the masses thanhas Lieutenant General Siott The cry of his be-ing too old is answered by the long and successfulthe people can be better imagined tbau described. The that could be made that would so effectually reactionaries are now in possession of the whole centre break up the party lines, and place in ths back- of the republic, and the pros peers of the liberal party at ground politicians that are trying to work them- present look dismal enojgh, wuaout material all from the selves into office at the expense of the peace and I'uited States, not only in the shape of arms aad money, prosperity of ths country. They dread it, and fear but also of soldiers, it will be impossible for the liberals to a movement of that kind, which will carry with it succeed. Gtueral I rags, in the absence of Degolladi, ia the conservative portions of all parties. Cameron, the Commander in-Chief of the few liberal forces that stili or any other politician, has no foothold in Pean remain in the field—his headquarters are at Mori Luiia, sylvania that can stand a movement of this kind, three Jays from San Luis, but as he is ».»'iout mooeyThe trowtb. of Milwaukee hastwaukee has been more slow, yetatpprriesent can toll.States being a poor, lasy, ignorant class, dependent on theweatheroftheaummer,whilstthefarmeristoilinginths harvest Held, with the scorching rays of the aummer sunnlrJpllfofrSbmhasifforliftThe.uppe«d fo7tux.es vanished like the soap bubbles of thebeAccomplished—Papers intheInterior Threatening to Pull Down Cameron's Name-leisure to enjoy what he has obtained by the labor of his wealth. *and news agents. The demand for the work is Cameron on John Brown—Nomination of a pedlar of fruit trees, who ha! previously beee ttrrvearapidly increasing; its sale for the next six months oot of Ashvihe, si. C ,aatl who was taken before a public wfllexceed anypublicationextant General fcotl Received with Great Enthusi- neetsg In Kaoxv&feaaU interrogated, tne Wfiig says —Chicago is one of the most rabid anti-slavery asm- Feeling in Favor of Sim in the Keystone Accorclng to bis own vertt<ic, ne is an abe'uium'.ttt; buthas fullitied the requirements of the act granting the land*.* The Fanners' league seems to bare died oat, or at leastnothing has been said of it of lata; no pers >u attempting toforeclose tbe railroad farm mortgages, t*iey have ba I noex- troublesome getting about, and sufficiently cold for all prices and everything moved on the Wgh PTM»*f« amongst the majority of the citizens agaiast theCNemeM to keep op their/» eaoixatson. the Legislaturetuts practical purposes. Tnis city to day presents a lively ap- ivatem; marble palaces were erected for the fest- institution of slavery. That feeling has been biried, Ac., Ae.In those daysof wild speculationCbte»SW» haneta. There ta just snow enough In this locality to make •warming with Life and bustle, the hotels werehe said that be had not tampered with aay staves, did aes Suite Stronger than AU the Politicians Oom- beseveit right 19 run nugroea out 01 toe Smith to toeYork.LondonandPekin,reflectingthelustreof byrailroad,yetitpresent!,likeallotherStatecapitals,a country.ButasaUthingsforcedbeyondtheirnetorteresting.ThemendsofLincolnarehighlypleasedwith mousdelegationforhimfromthisState—atask Temple followed, and denounced Ramsey's SeathaestsliUWs Own Citf— PolXical Partotu MttoMng Sim—Be indebtedness to the local merchants, who are tn turn pre- by ones and twos. For sale and to let bini. Seward has many warm supporters iu Chi-Convention. They decided that the Senatorial delegates should be elected by the State Conven- tion, on the 22d of February, and the Representa-vented from making their Eastern payments. The wheat are now posted upon every fourth door; merchantspoMiiOWiof' Wit*nmmds*r«mitU—fmt T»w Wing* of the are groaning under their heavy loads, and teal cago who will do all they can to secure his (Rew-Wat political judges ail unhesitatingly aver that he cau- not carry the State.•"The anti Douglas democrats of I!li&o!s all consider that tbe Douglas delegation will oot be admitted at Charleston,and if Douglas should then fight against the democratic party,hecouldcarrybutasmallState forcewithhim.The nomination of General Scott at the TJuioa meeting in New York seems to have npset thecan see with half an eye. This sympathy does not existw:tn a majority of the titdens of the State, nor ail of ths month was issued by a majority of the Democratic State New York papers, containing full reports of the tered by the clubs, the news agents are reapingThe call for the Douglas convention for tbe 4th of nextrepublicans, but is extensive enough to be ot importance. Committee that were in existence prior to the split In 1S53, Rpeeehes. the politicians that corjrregare at thequite a harvest out of them. One newsboy of ibis city haa already sold upwards of 700 copies, and bas thus far been unable to keep enough on handtomeetthedemand. From allpartsofthe State the intelligence is coming in that the "Com- pendium" is being Bold rapidly. In this localitythe delegation from this Stale. The difficulties of the Illi- nois democracy will be preseuted tn a most aggravating form. Thetrouble ia regard to theorganizationof the House is comparatively small as compared with tha laborUUKIfHlttl"!NEW YORK HERAmWEDyBSDAY, JANTTAKf^U,any disunion movements, let them conja from keief enow, and ths king of winter ta reigning with all 1 midst; that unseen head that guides the destinies whet source they may. The leadingaahtiatoos, onthedthcrhand,oeemtobereadyforanyagitation or anymeasurethat will enable them to get Into office. In a number of instances, within the last ten days, I have heard republican politicians state thattheyhopedtherewouldbeanotherKausas— Tofnations,aswellascoatrowthe•£*».<%•*?»>ts projecting over ea-'h w« saw three ships atoag- . where tbe Yaukxesta'ltsowith Seward—The Cameron Club—Their Plan portion of the shipping of New Orleans .that which we of Operation—They are Determined Not to Sub- bare described, saying caUungof tbe sssssssessyosstCa.the sleighing good, and not enough to make it in any way x c e d r ycrowded to overflowing, life • * ^( r S l ^2? ; cities in the West A strong prejudice exis'spearance. The merry jtefliDg of the belts and the j >vlal feelingsofthesleighingpartiesaddnewlifeaadbustleto theotherwisequirttown AlthoughSpringfield contains somsjtwelve thousand inhabitants, ta surrounded by adences of the supposed miUionares; the ^ J g o n wasdailyheardIthstthed*ywasnotfardUtant whenthicitywouldbethecentreof.the^world,The Cameron Club at this place are hard at work disseminatingCamerondocumentsthroughoutthe State,and,withtheassistanceoftheGeneralhim- self,aremovingheavenandearthtosecureaunaaiNorth, and be was opeoaed to gettiag up unarreofleaa. Bis business was 10 sell f m t trees and shrub*-.'/ for an eitrEsrve egiabHehment at Rochester. ,Theexcitementwasgreataud the crowd Isrge Rev. JsmesParkaa4BrBrownlowspoke,reciram-niingcooi- iieto and reason, aad opposing any pers >na' chectieeoieat of(beman. GeneralRamsey,however,maieaa laftssa- saatory speech, and exoMstf the crowd. Cbiooel <t? P.winter w.n take some actios m rrgard to them, as well asthec.tybones,wluoarta..oe*dtorunalongwithouttheinters*beingpeM. Toe SrtraiUngeotaioaseemstobothat th* bonds aboo d he paid; the citizens are beginningtsf«-«ltheixiiuci of r<pi<ttatioa, and that the shirkingof obligations to not always the btet way to get along in fiae, fertile and prosperous country, and of easy accesa Chicago upon the villages of their aurrounAmg (heworld.strengthened very materially by the events nf the lasttwomonths.TherearealsoanumberofSouth- ernersherewhoupholdtheinstitutionsofthearound which would revolve all such cities as Hew South, the discussion often becoming decidedly in-Partu—Helper's Booh— lie Ant Boot of Wisconsin Poti- crop, although in the spring promising a bountiful yield, estate dealers have collapsed. Notwithstanding ard's) nomination, but his strength tn the State is ticianu i. Its SueaeKiW. Advertisement w» Congress—Helper has, with few exceptions, proved to be only about one all of this, the West ia better off to-day than it ever confined principally to the Northern portion, anl, ifBeaming aSaint ofA*Parly—Seward, Douglas and halfcrop. InsomesectionsoftheStale,especiallytha. wasbefore.Theresrenotsamanyimaginaryfor- nominated,hecouldnotpollthefulloppositionvote. tivedelegatesfromeachCongressionaldistrict.This was a triumph of the Bead interest aad the opposition to Cameron. The General, being aa ex-tavaiy four hours to leave. The Whip s a y s — Tniswas.aaweunderstandit,Soamendedostoalt>whim three days tp wtad op hio b»s;nee*, aad this, we areinclined to think, met with Hat approval of toe meotosg.But an unfortunate debate sprang np betwee a Messrs.Business portion known as Egypt, the yield has been large; but inWe* Learmna Mammg— a large portion of the State, owing to draught and hundreds creased more in the real and substantial wealthtunes made as formerly,but the enttre West has In- There is a strong under current amongstthe con-consolation in the met of bis being nominated by an out-aide meeting, instead of the regular one. But In that lar, the rates charged by the railroad companies for trans- Those who furnished money at enormous mte- Politicians are up to all kinds of tricks. In the but is industriously at work to overthrow the plan A m e r i c a n T r e a t y I n V e r a C m a n d pointtheydidnotseemtorealizethefactthatthsoutside portationpreventanylargeamountofitondmgitsway rest,suchasthreeandfourpercentamonth,anJlastfewdaysprivatelettershavebeenreceived ofthecommittee.Thefaithfulhavereceivedin- MexicoCity—FuryandProtestofthemeetings were the only spontaneous gathering of the people, who, uLirammelled, gave expression to their sentiments, without fear or favor, whilst the proieediuga inside were gaiv'bythesquarerule;inaccordancewiththemea- surement of its managers. The politicians ofthe West are evidently displeased with the movement, and knowingly a s s e r t t h a t i t w i l l n e t a m o u n t t o a n y t h i n g ; b u t t h e m a s s e s of the people have not had their say yet. Judging, how- ever , from thflr private expression, the ball needs but tobe started here, when ther« will be an expression of feel- ing that will surprise those who are trying to keep it down. The hearts of (he masses of the Northwest beat In sympathy for the hero of many battles. Anything, however, that upsets the pines of the politicians and their thimblti figgingarrangementsforthespoils13atonceto the Eastern market, where 11 is wanted. There ta not, took security upon landed property at fabulous at present, any indications that much of this crop will be prices,having been compelled to take the property forwarded before the opening of navigation in the spring. and rinding it worth but a small fraction to itslfor-from Washington stating that Douglas and t.-e ad-ministration had compromised, and that he structions that the State Convention must, at all Reactionaries, die., *Vc.class* 1 as of no imponauce% the wish being the father of counter demonstrations, for the reason that everybodythosewhocanberelieduponareletintotoethe thought. Thus '.1is with the Scott movementThe John Brown raid haarttrengthened the anti slavery feeling of this section, or, ia other words, it has created a deeper prejudice against the uistit•ition of slavery in the minds of those of anti slavery tendency, and aroused a determination to resist its extension with greater energy. On the day of execution the sympathizers attempted toconsidered it unnecessary. There are, in fact, no signs in this locality that the Union is in danger; but ail feel satftfled. that the States will hold together for at least an- other generation, notwithstanding the wrangles of the 226 I am 8 in the House of Representatives at Washington, each one laboring under the impression that the safety of the Union dein»nds upon his delivering a speech that he has been preparing ever since his election. Was there any way of relieving the mail contractors who have been serving the public on credit for the last six months, there is not a man in the Northwest but would say to the mem- bers of Congress, God speed you in making fools of your-the enormousindebtednessof the West,thiswouldBrown meetings, bjU tbey were slimly attendelThe leellng, although quits strong ia sympathy with the selves. Everybody sc'-ms to be perfectly indifferent as toto have a Majority ofgetman—mare for his bravery th*a anything else—waa not strung enough to inJuce them to give expression to it in a public meeting. Those that attended were the followers oftheFr* Democrattabolitionisteditors,whoseemto manage to control about one half of the republicans ofthis StateIn the southern counties, those that roll up largewhat the members of Congress say, whether they adver- them will be demanded in transporting the products nion, Ac, Ac.feat. In these two short expeditions, Zaragoza bas shownrepublicanmajorities,thefeelingragedtoalmostafreaxy. At Racine, the home and residenceof Senator Dooltttle, the church and puoucbelie were rung on the day of execuUmin his honor.Meetings in itinerant localities have been quit j nu- Convent on, and will do ail within tLeir power to have merous, and the John Brown sermons have been preach- the impression go abroaii tliat the uetnocracy of this edfromadozenormore pulpits,someof them declaring State are ucan'mous for Po'ii;la«;but thatlean assure t h e g a l l o w s u p o n w h i c h h e w a s h u n g a . - : s a c r e d a s t U .•to the West been employed in real improvementsand breaking up new lands, a different picturewould have been preseattd. But the bitterschoolafter having it at the head of their papers for the last six months. The editor of the Tyrone Star haj already atated in his paper that unlessCameroncross of our Saviour. It ia no use trying to disguise the fact there is a decidedly strong sympathetic feeling for Brown Inthe southernhalfof thisState. Thenortheru half has a cooler climate, and it needs their extra steam to keep themselves warm this weather; they have none to spare upon Brown excitements. Many denounce the invasion of Brown, yet, at the same time, express an ad- mirationfor theman lor his bravery. Thedemocratic press of the State, with jut any exceptions, denounce himin bitter terma, whilst the republican that do not endorse him remain aiient. When Mr. Doolittle asserted that there was no sympathy for Brown in the Northwest, he as- serted that which is false, and railed to truly represent the feelings of the opposition in the State. There is an uu- mauakeeble foelinginhisfavor,such,too,asanypersonsame world wita the test of the human family. Itm a n o f t h e r i g h t k i n d o f p l u c k , b u t r e g r e t t h a t h e n a m e , b u t d e n o u n c e h i m . C a m e r o n ' s h o m e o r g a n ,notwithstanding it is bringing in Xew York about one dol-ral progressthatshewastaking priortothecrisis. inOhio. being deprived of a portion of his strength,nor tat Monterey-Receptionof the Sewsought after t>y the Kasttrn merchants. The les- sons of economy taught by and practised since theextensively books of the stamp of Helpers "Im- pendingCrisis"and Seward's "IrrepressibleCon- flict " speech.The latter has been scattered in all parts ofaroused the conservatism ot the opposition jour- teets after tbem to raise a • .?at dust, and give tiie aji nals, who ha&e denounced Brown and his course, pearance ofa large pureuir^ force. One would have sap- fromthefirstcommencementoftheoutbreak.Not- posedthat hemightatleasthavedischarged one voitey withstanding the sympathy for Brown in the north- of fjrape ta ascertain whetiier the dust was made by sol- ern and western parts of the Sute.there is a large diers, or a herd of catt e or mustangs: b it this seems •• >} portion of the people's party in the interior and to bave suggested Use It to tbe mind of the General, aa u«» the eastern part of the State that denounce him in powers being directed to his owu personal safety alone.- -•mittotheActionoftheCentral Committee- furore got up thisyear, when thsy would surely Election of Delegates by the State Convention tosteamships.NEWSPAPER ACCOONTS. cxotnaatNT re KNOXVILLS,TheNashvilleWhigotthe28thuitgtvtsalougaetwiat of the arrest of an eoOUuMust from Rochester, K<sw York,aliiwb •*• ov«11Mte wb1 tabfoe <«.ffa" Me ' miY iI Mite» tn Ja of BO tr«1*Pi-erK.Iini Ft Mim lbLfOfbt<; <M ar of«irte tb v* tr< m l i lb <c lb libhe ac da a r ihi tb« be tioI#*< tb ev or w IV44tt j«t' t i> fl ; 1tthe Republican National Convention. Many ofthem now declare that bis nomination is a fore-accomplish. TheStateCentralCommittee,attheircheered.Speeches were also made by James R Cooke. Esq , aadgone conclusion; they even go so far a) to assert Beasion in Philadelphia, in November last, fixed tha Will L Scott, Esq , who took the proper view of tne sub- ThefarmersofthisStateareyetunabletomeetthairnumberedhundredsdally-nowtheyeomethatSenatorSewardwilluseallhisinfluenceformodeofelectingthedelegatestotheNationalject,sadcounselledmoderation,deprecatisgthegreat evil of mob law prevailing to a dangerous extent ia tbe South, and hoped that reason, moderation aad joSbce would be acted out on this occasion. The oommtuee of three recommended mat Oregar.tke abo&ttonJst, naveservatives here, as well as farther south, in favor nf MiiwnJce* Reitmna—l*e during the past year than any three former years. of Judge Bates. Many of ths more rabid republi-fork sad eaartaaa«aad the sioasssiosie wtfeaaoaodsor a Pemenger RaHvay.dc. of other causes wholly local, it has been unusually small, It is an agricultural country, and possesses attrac- cans of this locality declare that they will not vote perienced manager of Conventions, considered his time to be fearful, as the friends of those gentlemen drewthe sootosattoe at Wterai Scott placed ton rabid re. which, taken with the low price received, has not tion for the tillerof the soil beyond any ether for him, buthissupporterssaythat theycanmore chancesbettortoelectbyaStateConventionthan weapons; bet, by the interference of friends, peace waspublicans ef toto peace on nettles. They sec in it a move- brought rebel to these that moaned heavy debts before known portioa of the world. Her rish prairies thanmakeuptheirlossfromthedemocraticparty—ment which if followed of win destroy their influence, the crista. The crop «f corn, which ta now nearly all stretchoutineverydirection,readyfortheplough- thattheycanrelyfullyuponall the formerwhig? has been excellent, or at least an ave- share, and need but to be opened to cause that are now with the democrats.sad sink: them Into onseurSy, by taking from them their secured, wealth to spring up on all aides. Letallof her The Republican State Committeeof Ohio have stock in trade, or rather agitation, upon which they lire, rage, la tbat portion of the Skate lying sooth broad acres be brought under cultivation, and one sent out and obtained copies of the speeches of a t first they pretended to doubt the telegraphic report, of the Rock Island Railroad. North of that half the labor bestowed upon the hilly farms of the Douglas and Lincoln, delivered during the canvassby thepeopleineachCongressional district The restored, tbe crowd dispersed, and the Mow Yorker bas IWSBBTfrkw*host fsnnssBBsflBBll Moftli wTisslM sM OSBTLHtosf FwfsBsatadecision of the Committee was therefore consider; The Whig speaks very severely of General Ramsey *sand said it must be for the Presidency of the meeting;bat upon the arrival of the New York papers, with a fullreport of the masting, substantiating the former report,their uneasiness became manifest, but appeared to And it. Corn can now be purchased in the interior of theState lor from twenty-five to thirty cents per bushel, andspinnil.JSassmctajIIassssistrraennihli than any sos- tunents uttered by Uregar.IMPORTANT FROM MEXICO. Thosewhoareto-daytraducingtheNorthwest Theargumentsofthosetwomenaretobeprinted Committee has not by any means settled The LateVictory of General Zusius-point it was badly bitten by the June frosts, and may be East would annually furnish grain enough to supply of 1858, and are publishing them in pamphlet tional Convention.pot down aa only about half a crop. As this crop could this nation with food, if a seven years' famine were form, to distribute throughout that State. They Tbe success of the Read interest In thenotbeharvested intimetosendEast beforetheclose of tofollow. aretobepublishedunderMr.Lincoln'ssupervision. navigation,theWestas yet hasreceivednobenefitfromareprincipallythosewhoaidedherintheunnatu- sidebysideandusedtomakerepublicanrecruits the matter.CameronhasnonotionofthusFllghtofZaraaroaa-—BleetionforGover-(Douglas) would not be a candidate for the Presi- ba/.ards, elect the entire list of delegates. Taking We have tbe following interesting news from Mexioo, The admirers and defenders of John 8 n w n in his mer stated value, now declare the West as rained dency until 1864. These letters have come from the cue from their leader, they are now indus* dated Monterey the 9th, Mexico City tbe 19tU, and VeraHarper'sFerryinvasionseemto befewandfarb•- tween tn this locality. There are a few abolitionists that style him a martyr tn a good cause, anl laud him after the style of Dr. Cheever, but the mass of t h e r e p u b l i c a n s d o n o t b y a n y m e a n s e n d o r s e u i s c o u r s e . Many of the leaders, however, rer.iaiu silnat upon theandworthless.PriortothecrisisbutfewOfutdfind time to cultivate theirland,butall wereeu-gaged in building cities and making out additionst o s o m e i m a g i n a r y t o w n , a n d o b t a i n i n g r a i l r o a dchatters. The events of 1867 brought about a The thimble rigging and pipelaying is fairly under the committee, but the delegates will be elected 77K Late Victory nf General Z*uuua <utd its Cwquenc.:—tise Helper's book, or ventilate themselves in some other of tbe country, and.returning in exchange the mer- way. lheysay thattheelectionofapersonas member chandiseoftheEast,furnishingafairremuneration of Congress puts in him a certain amount of gas, and that lor the capital invested. itbecomesessentiallynecessarythatLeshouldhaveJohnBrownhasbeenthoroughlycannonizedby the republican politicians in Western Pennsylvania. His photographs have been sold by the hundreds,hisdreamsbynightandday,toaccomplish. Looksome mode of easing himselt ot it. The cities and towns were mostly built fasterprairies in every direction, furnishing an outlet for the produce of the interior counties; and although many of these roads are but barely paying running expenses, the time is not far distant when all ofManoeuvres— Election of Delegates to the Statethe only way that he can obtain the entire delega-tion from the State. Should they be elected byCongressional districts, from six to seven in theeastern part of the State will be against him, whichwill destroy his chances for nomination—a point quently worn out with fatigue and dispirited by their de- which be is now bending everything, and devotinginfluentialquarters,andarewrittentobothrepuo- licansanddemocrats. Theymay furnishacorrect report, and may not.triously at work laying their wires to accomplish Cruz the 22d of December:—ihis point, and if he secure a majority of the Con- OLK MONTEREY eOBRESPONDENCK,v e n t i o n , n o a t t e n t i o n w i l l b e p a i d t o t h e a c t i o n o f M o j r r e a r r , T K * c . e , 1 * 5 9 .T h e W e s t i s a l l a l i v e w i t h P r e s i d e n t i a l m a t t e r s .question. and do not express their opinion either for or change, and these gentlemen have been forced to way: aU bands are at work heloing their own par- and instructed for Cameron. This action is severe- Flight of a Vabant Gaieral of Mexico— I'otm3 (or aagainst his course. They all look upon htm as an honest man, having a strong desire for the liberation of the slaves of the South, but when you come to speak for or aguinit the attack upon the citizens of Virginia, most of them tee- ter to remain aiient. Whether this is done for the purpose ot being in a position to take either side of the question tn some tuture day I am unable to say. In a small town northwest ot here they attempted to get up a meeting in bisfavor,whichproveda fizzle. Therehavebeenuotill the sod. The change was a h*rd one for them. ties into difficulties. The next Presidents are as ly denounced by the Read interest, who have se- City Governor and RetvU* of the Eiedvm—Particulars afTo come down out of their air castles of velvet and Brussels tapestry, and chandeliers of gold, and take hold of the handles of ths plough, was a task that they reluctantly as • tinted to.The number of acres brought under the ploughthis season is at least fifty fold greater than anylormeryear,andthisamountwilltteincreasedinlike proportion next season. Had It not beet fornumerous as toads after a shower. Each localityIns its man shaved, combed and brushed for the cured the delegates from Phi adelpbia to the Sute the Defeat of the Liberalf^ot Zereviiuo—Retirement of D*White House.PENNSYLVANIA,orn prTTSBtjRo COKKKSPONDS-VC*.PITTSBDBG,Pa.,Jan.1,1860.Sympathy for John Brown in Western Penn- sf cret; but as all political traps will in time be ex-have been felt in the demand for goods in New- sylvania—The liepublicans Call him a Model posed, so has this game of the General's reached ceeded in capturing tbe arms which were on their wayYork. In this light is the wealth of the country in- creasing. Railroads were also built in rapid suc-Man— Seicard's Rochester Speech Circulated bythe ears of his opponents, who have commencedtheir operations to counteract the movement But irom Matamoras to this city, and in routing General / . * - » /cession, which have in most instances proved a Cameron—Helper's Book Scattered Amongst aa the Ceneral's forte is in managing conventions, goxa, wh> was sent to oppose him, immediately re-poor speculation to the capitalists; but the roads (he Mountains by Cameron Clubs—Brown's he will undoubtedly carry his point in the face of are all here, their iron bands stretching across the Likenesses Ditto—Local Election—Presidential the committee. To him it is all important, for it isturned to this city with his troops all arme-i to tbe te.-'.ti with Sharp's rifles and Colt's revolvers. The sam? <iay Zaragosa entered with a few troops that ha ha 1 bjeuhis entire force brought to bear upon this one The principal topic in political circles here ia in, regard than the country around them demanded. Most of and the faithful are talking about naming the new pointto the result of the two Democratic Stite Conventions that them are now at a stand still, and will thus remain Two or three of the papers iu the interior are are to sneet here in January—The Doutrlas Convention until the farming districts in their locality natch cannon recently cast here the "John Brown"' gun.Convention—Cameronthe Delegates—Manufacturingenabled to keep together, having traveikd day a a i by a circuitous route along the mountains, a u ltughi conse-onthe4thandtheadministrationontheloth.TueDou- npwiththem.HadallthemoneythatwasbroughtTheypretendnottosympathizewithhisactof nowthreateningtopulldowntheGeneral'sname,andfiftyandover,withonepieceofartillery,andyetglas wing of the democracy, couiprismg by tar the larger proportion in this State, are now busily engage ! in elect- ion th'ir delegates in tbe difiVreut counties to the Stiteinvasion, but extol the man to the skies,and would have us all believe that he is a modelman,notwith-had not the courage to attack htm. bat allowed him to pass around him and reach this city some hours in ad- vance of himself. S$ on tbe bast expedition Zaragoza had possession of the wagons containing the arms and amtn1y o u i s n o t t h e r e a l p w i t i o n o f a f f a i r s . T n e r e a w h u n i r e i swho supported tbe I.iitietiiant during his campaign ii, ]So\swfco would nit again were he before the people At theejection in 1858the admiuistrai.oa ticket polled 5,oeOvote*; today ten times that number would be cast aza'ustDcuglas. they begin to look upon him as being the latherof all the agitation upop the subject of slavery for the lastthree years, and believe him to be ready to take anycoursetosucceed/He has unquestionably a large ma crisisarealreadyworkingwonders. jority of the Illinois democratic party with him, but then i i i o n , w i t h t h e s a m e n u m b e r o f f o r c e s a n d a r t i l l e r y , throughout the entire excitement of the Jobu and yet Zuazua took them out of bis hands, witb lea.-)of experience is bringing everjttritv to its proper standing his treasonable invasion of the rights of denies having sympathy with the abolition fanatics,level. The inhabitants have abandoned theirvi- the "irrepressible conflict'' of Seward, and the sionaryandfljinghorses,andarcnowlivingintue the Southerners. Many of them sayhewas the "ImpendingCrisis,''beshallnotonlypulldownhisPublicOpi-only needs time for them to recover from the embar- turned his energy iu that direction. At the same Brown raid in Virginia, was filled from day to day than a hundred men f rassmentstiiattheirwildsptculationgottheminto, time,these republicansfosterand encouragethe withabuseoftheVirginians,andlaboredtoexcite £0mjchforthispompousMexicanGeneral. Ii issaid when the West will be clashed as the best paying en pood authority that he ran eome seventy five mil-*, oection of the country, and their trade the first fanatical spirit that led Brown on, by circulating feelings against them. This course has naturally pursued only by ten rancberos, dragging branches oftrading politicians in thin locality, arid !ioa made Pennsylvania under the "frank" of Simon Came-them exceedingly nervous. When the n»wa w«« ron, whilst the "Impending Crisis''is being pur- the most bitter terms, and will give their support Tbe same want of capacity has been exhibited in allreceived by telegraph, announcing the fact, but chased by republican Cameron clubs and sent all littlewassaidaboutit; butuponthearrivalofthe throughtheruraldistricts. Asidefromthosescatsubsequent proceedings. Zuazua was permitted to eavtr tothsdemocracybeforetheywilltoanyonethat andtakepossessionof tbe western portion of the c.ty even inclines toward the endorsement of Brown. without the slightest opposition. Zarajroza shutting h.ms-l' The course of his home organ, which is supposed and troops up in the Blackport, the palace, tti* oi 1 c in- to speak by authority, has placed the General as vent and the tower of tbe cathedral, and ta-c «.xp>s::i? secretly endorsing the Harper's Ferry invasion. the peaceable citizens to all the terror and aiarmo; aaThus it will been seen that political matters in expected attack upon the city. thePresidentiallinearewaxingwarmintheKey- Suchanattack,however,Iamhappytosay, hasbe*naverted. Negotiations were cotuateuced between Znzu a stone Stats, and Cameron, whose friends have been and Arramterri, which resulted in a personal inter- boasting that there was no opposition to him, is view, at which it was agreed that the question ashavingnobedofroses. to who should be Governor should be o*c, W The nomination of General Scott by the Union by the votes of the people of Manterey. Accordingly, athat a movement of the conservative masses in likeness and the ''Impending Crisis." Yet thesethat direction would spoil many of their nice same men declare themselves to be Union men, here, and gave to the Presidential managers de- lion Domingo Martinez,!Presilent of the Suprems d i r t plans. The whole thiag wa§ classed as one of the of this State, who, by the db?«titat:on, ts declared Act.ug scheme* of the HEKALD, and created no little un- who respect the rights of their Southern brethren. cidedly long faces. Had the movement been Governor in case of ih^> abs.ace or disabiil-ty of tie in-meeting in New York created great excitement ballot was taken next day, resulting in tbe elect,•»! . ha: g, or acme other mode of ventilating themselves equal- rumor aro*e troni one county electiug Douglas easiness. By mingling with the mtisses, a person A queer kind of respect; it is like adding fuel to the promptly followed up by similar meetings in other cumbent—a novel way of sutim^ the question of th» le-are now the Im-iitottoa of slavery. They must have some- The report that Douglas had aectred the Indiana thing to give vent tothedr feelings upon, and if they had delegation is untrue The delegates from that nothing else would be around drumming up witches to State have not as yet been elected. Thelyontiauaiab. Tbeycouldnutlivewithoutsomesuchex- delegatestotheStateConvention. Therehaveuiten.>14UCitemeut—ttisapartoftheirnature. Thereis,however, beenelectedasyettoascertaintherealcomplexionoftbea conservative portum, of Which the present Governor and State Convention. Whatever why be the promiset an Ilioohite are representatives, who leel ashamed of a por- pledges of Iloiiglas. the real waders of hts wing of the tion ot their company. but ciiog to them as a ^natter democracy iu Illinois boldly state that they will not sup-can soonfindthatthesepoliticiansdonotretlect thesentimentsofthepeople. Thehoneandsinew of the city hail the mjvement as an effort to strangle and kill off the scheming politicians offireandincreasingtheflames,insteadofallaying localities,itwouldhavebeenfollowedbyafurore galityofaGovernor'srighttootBc;bitasithas r-smwi it. InsteadofdenouncingBrown andhisdeeds, inthecentralpartofthisStatewithoutpara'lei intbepeaceful te^minaueu ofthemostseriousaui threat- tbey hold him up before their children and the since the Harrison movement in 1840. Old line ening difficulties, perhaps it is as pc-oi as auy otoar.youth of the country as being a noble man, one Martinez: Zuazua has re'ire-i w.th his tro.ips to Lampis<>i, port tti* nominee of the Charleston Convention uni.-Fs the day, and as such are ready to co-operate in it. whose bravery is worth imitating. These pre- were seen talking together upon the nomination,tended Uuioa lovers go forth, with a picture and all asserting that is a ticket 'that we will sup- and everything i« resuming <;nce more tue aspect o! peajeport;""GiveusScottandHoustonandwewill andquietude. Forafortn.gatweiiiluotU.ngbitwarsand rumors of wars, expected attacks upon th* c:ty,sacksge, pillage, and tue other horrid accompan aituis oi it witb tbem upon the n u m p , and reading from I scorns to be their determination As matters now ?tin l be but brought forward in earnest by a people's to rally around the repubucan candidate, offering with more enthusiasm than has been known upon such a scene. H e heart::y rejoice that we hav^- t>-enit to ebisfihten th» dear pfopie. A number were circu- ' here, it makes but little difference whether they aim't movement, and you would see a demonstration them that as then- platform. This ia not charac- any political subject for a number of years. Let savca from so greit a caJarr'iy.lated here in 1867, but ciid not at that time meet with any ! the Peuij'as delegation at riarl^ ;torj >ir not. if h... r,.. throughout: the West that would astonish even bis teristic of this section of the State alone, but I am there be a movement of the people, and Scott and Tne defeat of the liberals at Quer .1-0. of wh:ch i ad- great sale, many of them lying upon the shelves of the ceives the nomination it will be the next thing to impos- greatest admirers. Let the tire be but kindled informed from reliable sources that the republi- Hjuston fairlybrought upon the racecourse,un- viseti you in my last, has turned out to oe oven m>n5 bookstores until the covers became fauud. The <\iscus- sible for him to carry his owu Slate, and his friends assert upon the prairies, and the cry for Scott would echo trammcLcd by any political party machinery, and nsaflroufi than I then anticij-ated. I*,.->ilaio a a m , / o f cion ui Congress bas thorough!? adv:rt se t it. aud every • that they will defeat any other nominee cans are scattering their kind of doctrines broad- it would receive a response from ahis State that 7,000 man has melted like the .snow be.ore tne sjmui r't b.>dy. repubhca'jsaand di toocrats;are now reading them, The opposition in tbts State seem t" be far more har- from almost every dwelling in the West; the flames cast throughout the S u t e . and at the same time would carry everything before it by storm, and sun—the artillery and amrnunitidn were ail capture 1, Use the cemar-1 exceeding tn* supply. The name of He'per i moLious than the democracy. With them everything <s would spread iu every direction, from which the laughing at tb%. South for feeliag so uneasy completely shelve the tiading politicians that are soldier's entirely dispersed, anu every UUES reso.ved .alb its is becommg a houaeuola name in the W si, aud, Ike \ moving along smoothly. They appear to be woii pUavd politicians could not escape, with all liieir machina- about it. now trying to control afiairs in this State. No one original element. Degoilado retired. with a few *•*, K. iauts, Bro*i>, tie s fjst becoming one of the saint? of the re;>ubit- I with the wrangles in the democrat c fami'y, and fear tions. Let two men sit !n a quiet room smoking, and .movement is dreaded more by the party politi- to San Luis, wuere be rema.ued two or t'iree d i y s , cat. i-arty, who will, upon his deata, be cauoaizaj with ; mc-re than anything else, that fiouglas will back d>*-u. There is more sympathy in Chi'-ago and vicinitytbf ottie--great s p i n * ot the ase. Congress h n givenof policy and as convenient appendages tojfobtam they nominate- the Little Giant. That teeimg do.* not by ofiiceWith. Someot therepublicanorators0( the anymeansexi3twithalltheform*rsupportersofD>u-Hiveus(iciieralScott,andwewillhear110m>reof disunion, is their cry. But few realise the feel- of Brown in one hand and Helper's Book iu the pending Crisis" for the last three years, taking 5 to defeat the regular notutuee in this State, and s eh ing in iavor of the hero of tnauy oattles. Let him other, and thu.s talk with the citizeos, urging them: The first choice of nine-t-nths of the republicans of ttrs for Brown than in any other sectiun ot the Bute. one of them knock the tire from his segar oa the cians iu this State than a movement in favor of theanil then proceeded on his way to Vera Cruz v;i Tampico, leaving Sac Luis to be again occupied by the 1 .acUontsts. San Luis has thus been occupied and reoccupied about a dozen rimes during the present rerolu <>a; one par .y comes in, and levies contribu'-ons upon its friends and opponents so long as it can rial an>thng n levy upon, and then retiree and leaves the held to be raked by thsnext best man to carry Illinois with. Win. H^ Sswardstands a very slim chance of getting the delegttes in the do not endorse his course. There were a number ©invention frMn this State, and likewise a poor show for of prayer meetings before aud on the day of hiswill cause scatteting in all directions. The South are the same as upon powder; their slaves are amongst and outnumbering them, not kaowiag low far their minds may be inflamed by the secretagents of the abolition fanatics of the North, tbefirst alarm of uprising in their midst very na-A majority of the republicans of the State are for Sew-ard; the oilier oortiea is divided up between a score ofcandidates, but ready to take anybody tbat wilt win. carrying lb* State should he be nominated. With the execution, which are the only public manifestations Seward » stronger with the foreign portion of the op exception of Chictgo aad vicinity, Seward has but little that have lieen held in this city. There has also position than any other candid*'. -, but his nomination w.ildrive off a portion of the eld Know Xotntug vote.journey just performed in behalf of his country, andfor his country's good. There is no one movement other party. Unaer this system of thing, the conditi >n ofSenator Douglas is evidently losing ground. Uanv of the leading democratic politicians assert that tt is douKful if he will get the delegates from this State. II he does they will tot be strenuous for him. Thev say that their ticket was defeated last fail by their candidate Tor Gover- nor taking fctroog Douglas grounds, and even trying to out-Herod the republicans on the nigger question. From the best information that 1cam gather, Buchanan possesses to-day more positive strength, in Wisconsin than Douglas. But the day » not far distant when we shall have a posi- tive demonstration.BusinessinMilwaukeeseemstohave rev.,•>Iwv1>r-| ized a Cameron Club in Chicago, but for some cause or at the trial. The course of the Virginians in drag- turally causes the most brave of their num-strength. lieen considerable sympathy for firown in both par- There is a squad of tradlnj politisians that have ortran- ties, that had its origin exclusively in his treatmentI other they are having up bill business in advertising hisclaims. They are too near the locality where the General ging Brown into court without waiting for his was caught speculating with the accounts of the Iaiiaas wounds to heal or his lawyer to arrive, is severely while an agent of the goverment, which gave him the denounced on all sides. Were it not for this fact, title or "Winnebago Chief," and caused h'3 removal by the sympathizers for the Harpers Ferry invader Gen*"-^' Jackson. Thee niay succeed in getting up consi-den.'> •-ling in his favor,"but it will all be iorcod aul would be confined to a mere handful.bers to tremble,for none know when to look forthe blow. In this light are tbe circulation of theinflammable documents bylhe republicans at theNorth, worse than open'treason. The foe thatmeets one openly makes an honorable attacU, buthe who entersa person'smansion at dead of night, but would wilt before it as a plant ia thescorching and tbe other articles of war, he can make bat little oppo-uncatuiai.^OITt CHICAGO CORTUSSPONTOgyCE.The Tremont House is the headquarters of the leadmg politicians, and can be put down aa the po- litical weathergage of Chicago. The politicians congregate there every evening to talk over the po-and there applies the dagger or administers tue poison, gives no opportunity for defence.rays of the summer sun. The bare mention of the name of Scott has sent a thrill amongst them all. Furthermovementsin thatdirectionwill setthemsition to tbe reactionary forces.Genera! Blanco, Colonels Seguien and Quisoga enteredour city to-day, with about three hundred and fifty troops,fuily>athelasttwomonths. Thewheatero.itin'<<•ia Great f ».'••in WesternFlaunts—Thelnhabi- calappetites,andgetthemselveswoundupforthe large one, which has brought new life to ail <:•,-. •.: >• 1tionoftheState. InOhio''thefeverisraginginlikeproportion.AlltheWesternReserveIsbe-coming lined with photographs of Brown. All ofthis is encouraged by the wire pulling politicians ofthe republican camp, who are ready to obtain officeeven at the expense of the peace of the country.The most barefaced of all ia the fact of the politi-cians of this section crying "Union" and yet en-courage the circulation of treasonable doctrines. Northern Tankees—Wkat lhey Say of the South—Biuinestaittefs. Thesummermonthswereunusualyssver:, man v being compelled to yield to the press, .i; but the movement of the crops this fall has brought greater relief ana prosperity to Milwaukee than any other Western city. The farmers in the country, who have been tor the Last two years practising the most rigid economy, are now, with their abundant crop, finding relief, which, in return, is adorng new fife and vigor to all branches of business. The exports of wheatfrom this port will exceed 7.00J.0J0 busbeta, and ia quality far superior to that of any other city of the West.TheWesthaslearnedonegoodlessonfromthecrisis out of which they sre jast beginning to emerge, and that is {a lesson of ecooeruy, such as the majority of themsaver thought of before. If the economy practised the " • « * o years ta continued, ths progress of the West willtan* outingPractlal—TIi*WestIncreas- nextday'soperation.Thereallgreateventsofthe ing in Wealth— Additional Amount of LinA day are canvassed, Presidents made and unmade, and a thousand other schemes concocted. John Under Culture— What they Think of the No- Brown for a long time was one of their princi- mination of Gen.Scott—Politicians Nervous— pal topics of conversation,but amongstthsmall John Brown in Chicago—His Being Hung there were only two or three that had the boldness to endorse him out and out A large majority of Considered Impolitic—His Endorsement tn those who are in the habit of gathermg there lookLOUISIANA-OCB NEW OULEANS CORRSSPONDKNCK.,any**f*>at%md than at s a y time heretofore.Friends in High Glee—Seward for Him— the course of Brown. If they do not endorse him, York. How they will come out of the snarl no <5ne about dissolution of the Union—about the slaveholdingconstantly being practised upon our tellow citizens by both political parties, throughout the whole extent of this repabiic Unless Mr. Buchanan changes his lenient policy towards Mexico we are lost, and all will have to emigrate to other parts unknown. All diplomacy to of no avail,andnothingcanbedoneinthehumbugway. The occasion now offers itself for something decisive, and wbe among our fellow citizens has the energy of tbe Old Herotocompelthiswork? Congresswillnotdoanythine for us, as tbey will be better occupied in making a Presi- dent for 1S60 than lending their aid for the protection and salvation of the Uvea of their fellow citizens.After all, VJdaurri to tee only person wh> can govern these people. He has. his faults, as we all have; but he to tbe only person ia this Sute capableof|governingit. Hewillfundoubtedly re- turn soon to take charge or tbe reins of State, as recent events prove his energy aad ability to govern this people.Aconducta left here yesterday, with some $300,000, whichwillbethelast we will receivefromtheinterior, s s wo are now blockaded by the reactionary troops.of rest. fActivepreparationsarenowbeingmadeherotoraisetroops to defend the State hi ease the reactionaries should come this way, laying aside all personal diffe- rences. 'Zuazua and Arrambern are working together harmoniously for this purpose. This is as it should be.Again, daily to the necessity forced more aad more im- peratively upon us to take effective and energetic steps to end tbe distractions, social disorders, persecutions and absolute inferiority of this republic. How can our go- vernment look with indifference upon what is passing and seeherfellowcitizensperishintheflamesthatarenowIn view of the flippancy with which tbe "Northern Yan- devouring this distracted country. We cannot protect The local politicians are just now quite busy in kees "' boast of their ability to get alon^ independent of ourselves aay longer by neutrality, and maintain a na- would have been preferable. I notice that none of preparation for the charter election; they are tional character by inaction; nor can we prevent outrageBook in Chicago—Us Circulation—Lincoln's the republicans come out and pointedly condemn about as badly mixed up aa they were in New the South; the continual harping by these Puritanical fools upon outrage, violence, robberies aad murders that are.Chicago—Chicago Merchants to Retaliate upon upon him as being an honest and comusteut man, The leading opposition politicians and their edi- D<me at Neuo Orleant—ltt Skipping QreaUx than New the Union Men of New York—The Proposi- but fanatical in his notions. They also look upon tors are unblushingly aiding and urging the circula- York—Large Load of Cotton, dc.tion to Purchase in England—Politicians policy isconcerned,hisconfinementinStateprison Heady for Anolher Kansas War—Helper'shisbeinghungasanimpoliticmove—thatasfaras tionofHelper'sCompendium.they are sure to remain quiet They may be takingDouglas' and Lincoln's Speeches Circulated in a say-nothing oourae, refusing either to endorse or •lu Presidential matters there is no small amount— Chfcsago. aad ta has not ceased during thehard bases ot fee last two years. Improvements aregoiagearneverytwrstaU, AtaxsenumberofaubsunUal"**• to" ^ « * * I t h » season-no more, however,****.?,!? ^ S T * ? ! * « * * « w a a e of busmees. On all habits, thoughts and dreams of the inhabitants of The feeling in favor of Brown ia pore general February for the purpose of nominating a State Very few people of the North have any idea of the vast '£22mi1?2£*J'J^£2*mA »«*>*»•*»•»•w&il«*• tbeWest;andinnoplaceisthischangemoreno- thanithasbeenrepresentedbyoppositionmem- ticketandelectingtheSenatorialdelegatestoths amountofbusinessdoneia NewOrleans,during thefail increased activity of bussaca* baa bebteoed ISM hearts of ticeable than in Chicago, unless it may be St bers of Congress. Take the northern half of the National Convention. The present indications are aad winter months, ia the products of the mighty West, tbe cttixeaa. f toiwaeta. or In oth«' State, and there is no village or hamlet but what that Cameron will have a majority of the delegatesTo tell a Northern man that tbe amount of shipping in NewOrleansstpresentexceedsthatofNewYork,one wouldbelaughedat;nevertheless,suchMithefact Nowoaee to count their irasuT^"*mA c o m a i t > w d t oeaired effect, if put into practice, especially now ranks; but there are plenty of others that can carry Here arc thousands of laborera (mostly Irish), single, situation of the liberal party. All is lost. * and with mule and dray, engaged in hauling cotton to and thattheChicagomerchantspaysopromptlythree itjustsseasyasCameron,ifplacedinnomination. frontthepresses,wherebalesbepiledopthree,fouraadenumerate the c b i c k Z Z ^ **" ^ ^ * oifouryeenat^tiwyjget tha goods. Can't the The feeling is not so much for the man aa it is forsometimes half a doaea deeo.In this connection I would mention that there are moreships here for cotton than can got cargoes, notwabstasd-NEWSPAPER ACCOUNTS. [From(beMowOrleansPicayune,Dec H]The' United States mall steamship Tennessee, Captain Forbes, from Vera Cruz the 2W inot, reached bar wharf at an early boar test evening, havmg crossed ths bar at ten e'etooK la the morning.8be brings »17,767 m specie—ao,000 to J. W . Zoebarie * Co , a*,7tT to Cramer k Co.per cent was added to thsnrl finally thousandsbegantocount hiamtncrediWyabortume,allo was wrapped up intoad. I n t h i s w s y ltheir lofty batbuilt sod enlar_ged. the pfflara ofby those who heeded not the laws offled the God of humanity. A changeBoon their visions. l i k e the builders of the To war or ,merchants of New York get up a John Brown aad nigger worshipping meeting, for the purposeofpleasingthefanaticsofthiscl seouring their trade! Will not the Fifth Committee move l a t i e matter and provethe principle that he represents. Any person thatadvocatessprotectivetariff,tamoderatelyconserva-from going to England to pnrchaae their goods, byis natural, however, that there should be a strong feeling in favor of Cameron; yet that feelingto be growing weaker with the conservativetion of the opposition, and stronger wltft tiie 0down to New Orleans.The cues of ewpetn New Orteenato quite dttTewnt fromUntithe way of Canada or the Fred Douglass route, as they now propose, in retaliation?tled DocumentNorth for every thing which Southern people eat and wear , of figuring. The different counties of the State acg or which goes to make up and which conaUtates civilizedOhio, Ac., Ac. denounce him, for the purpose of being in a posi-Wonderfulbasbeentbechangeinthebusiness, tiontotakeeithersideinthefuture,aatheleaders nowelectingtheirdelegatestotheStateConven-which come thousands of miles down the Missouri, Ar- kansas, Onto and other tributaries to that "bully" or all rivers—as Paulding calls it—tbe Mississippi.Thereto one thing peculiar , to to regard Paul. Three yean ago every stage coach, railroad there can be found those who pronounce Oasa- in the State Convention, and that he will go into words, different from that ofr.^55 2i ' car or steamboat that traversed the prairies of tbe to the owners of tha property eaBssaiwatomie amartyr, and equal to our Revolutionary the National Convention with about two-thirds ofownaboutalltheiwopsrs/ ofthe.etay\ike-.!2L!larg. Westor ploughedthewatersoftheriversand fathers. Thediscussionofthisquestionoftentakes thedelegatesfromthisBute. Thearrangement nonresident property headers, while mthekugestbaildmgaofthecity,andinmany"tnstae!^ lakeswmtcrowdedtoitsutmostcapacitybya ananimatedturn,thepartiesincontroversybe- enteredintobytheCommitteetoelectthedele- whole stocks,sre owned by hotera men, who bav comingquiteexcited,heapinguponeachotherbit. gatesbyCongressionaldistricts,insteadofbythein conventionmay decide. tion that is to meet in Harrisburgon the 22d day of life, it may be observed that this a a great mistake.beeaittracseu there by tbe glitter and the beatu o f * . restless multitude anxious to get rich in twenty- ter epithets. One gentleman, formerly a louth- State Convention, has defeated the General's plans is winter, not of "discontent," but "glorious summer ton t r t t d erected marble blocks » rent to the merchaate, tonr hours. Is every locality these seekers of1having"»let'posteduponthem attha wealthcouldbeteesrushingtoaadfro,seekingittms. _ 1 ^ — •-»» f»«nd taawaytokhta t( A» the uutold millions,and graspiag afterthoseerner, in a discussion a few evenings ago, dwelt for securing a unanimous delegation from Pennsyl- tbe planters—made so by abundant crops of sugar, cot-largelyuponthefactthattheNorthernlutes vania,andnow%smostardentsupportersonly ton, rice,aadplentyofgood"fat,sleekniggers."were once iav« States. The citizens, having sold claim that they will have a majority. The feeling Tbe levee, which extends several miles along the bankii.«. af i s wSBSHssaw^sv> aw*their merchants to retaliate upon thT New lieve that there 4awbet one sentiment in of cattM, snoop, boss, mules, horses, £c.. ex., whichfallen into the ir bands.have been spent in arms asd munitions of war aiace tbe commencement of tbe revolutionThe news from tbe interior to-day confirms tbe gloomyi s o w t a t h s e o n r s e o f c o n a t r a e U o a t o s a t t a f y • ^ ^ • • a l l e a t h a t t h e i r f e v e r e d i m a g i n a t i o n s had 1-at ths lifwrss of tbe city. Ia fact, evecy-theirslaves tothe Southerners,are now trying toinfavorof Cameron hi notasstrongas has beenof tbe river, answering to West sad South streets of New Y o r k , b a t m o r s t h a n f o u r t i m e s l b s w i d t h o f b o t h p u t together, to literally covered with bales of cotton, sugar,This city bas been the depot tor arms, as all the availa- b l e f u n d s f r o m t h e i n t e r i o r S t a t e s h a v e b o o n r e m i t t e d~, .^•—*-^"i—ILLEBOB.- eOBMsVOXMBfC*.arsixunai*, IIL,Dae.90,18M.r e p r e s e n t e d b y h i s o r g a n s a n d f r i e n d s , b u t t h e r e i sIdeaceof a healthy aad sub P*ctawdV>ths«ahi their dreams by tughtanddey. deied unisir. One of the daily papers of the every possible mode resorted to, to manufacture molasses, rice, barrels of beef, pork, flour and whiskey, bore tor the purchase of a m i and mnnkinna of war, an 1future esnal 10 the eatictpe-t haMtM>u ssnst astigsiarit'' " -r) r a ws t e a l t h e m . T h a t w a s a t r e a t m e n t t h a t h e c o n s i -republican stamp has gone so far aa to nnrs pubbc opinion, and make those abroad be- sacks of corn, wheat, oats, rye aad barley, besides droves tbey nave served tor no other purpose than sugmenUng*•* *A quarter sections were ail they<» hteraal •• a. ft was their pfllew by York merchants who participated in the Pennsylvania, and that for Cameron. He can un- comprises only tne leading articles of a miscellaneousthe armament of the reactionary forces, aa all harenightandhalf offayday. Likecraay Unionmeeting,by refusingto purchasetheir questionablycarrythisState,ifnominated,proba- ofa goodsinthatcity. This,nodoubt, will have the bly aseaayasanyother personin the opposition,whichliepileduponthetive,amemberoftheoppositionparty,audhasnot ingthearrivaltasomehundredthousandbatesaweekmade himself odious by some former act, can carry The Magnolia, one of the Yieksburg packets, came downPennsylvania in 1860, in any ordinary canvass. It yeaterdaywith «,368 bales, tbe largest load ever brought#UKi |C0RBE8FOMDKNClV HaaaiSBtrao, Jaa. 4.1860.ere lying three, four 1ed atriumphagainst the General, and upset hisplans for presenting an unbroken front In the Na-whe'e of Oat distancefive abreast, wHhottaWa stem to on«•Me from TbomastoBlarge about " poverty of tbe (Sontti." Tata « only a •met!bConvention, and there is a prospect of a lively gollado from San Luis lomards Vera Crux—What OK. time at tbe Convention on the 22d. Cm*ens of San Luis SuJer—LiheraU Looking far Aid taTbe friends of the General are endeavoring to the United State*—Can the Social Duordert and Conmdkeep their plans quiet upon this point None buttions ff the Rpidii:NoAvail,dc ,dc.As predicted in my test, General Zuizua, havng SJC-himself to be lacking in all thequalificationsofacon thegunsoftheGeneralhaveallbeenloaded,and mandingofficer,havingbeenentirelyoatgeaeraUed byZuazua, although he had vastly superior forces On tbe first occasion Zuazua had but seventy five soldiers, aad those but half armed, while Zaragoza had three t i u a i f iout for lively times at the State Convention, forwhigs, conservative democrats and republicans Arrambern has 6urrenu\reJ the reigas of otli:e to J u i ^sional party traders their political food ana stock intrade.New ORLSAHS, Dec. 23,1869.be Healed—Inac.iaDiplrma--yofIt ta stated that two millions vC!^^r f m^«aieaaMiama^i*al»i^ioftwwiifllsaaBaiV-nM'TSSjeSwtffctfiffifC^Sl»»iAthQk\IsifcHem.therWtolBfcVCStroofryappose,(o ftsttiMi»1»6°f*«party, www.fultonhistory.comOne thing is certain: The masses ofthepeople,comment by all our cotemporaries, both of the liberal and of the reartinnary party. The tetter are furious over it, aadaswillbeseenbyourwrrrspondenos.tbeMtramneThomas M. Tryniski309South 4th SFulton New York 13069From First street dewn to St. Mary a market, a distance Iofsomemileandahalf,Iwasastonishedwtadthatthatreetthat ia New Y ork, the former nearly afl being rrom borneports, bore after cotton and products tf the West. ITbhe new treaty with Mextioototthbeesubjjeccttoff volumilnaouos 