 'Engine expense of $800, thecontract." Also ato whom val or rejection."shall be submitted for their appro-'iwwiS %W{#iWic'ttfr Jiw ^*»-^MB<BriBiiiiii»iifti,i''t;A-x-fr^|[^-||||y.>.:|r,T jacjU>>'•C^V#rl(r.I>eo«AS, has be«i ponlaM Th^ Wte PeMUnant tt f^.,eoiap)ete kr(h*P<Mide^ T^ cUMniagBBcfclmllt•• *The fsot is, ifce i>|fctet»uutry issettUng iBaUeB,ieaitorinBUaserrioes gnUritwwIr'* ftwa Inape to AinedeaT ni Faroe, lux*^As ^CmJm^miSSSSwiL raport of ft-'"ll^S3——iu*«ni-<«wry,M**".*"from an imbecile to incompetsneeresponslbiUfy which it dcTolveemeet the him.*>diimiscondnct, wouU not be a measure as pro- 0* AAurtie pMeaa, where the fbrater• .•niiitirT— TifinlH-"" and Samw teidav,pleeei!KL?S£^S£-rft. H. J. KOTOHB Jl CO.. .sel. Incition aato the mamfannM waa reserved. imposed it upon Mr. Bijchanan as a means of made to sleep at home o' nights, and spend rigtits, are to make serloos com- au<An interestlna caae was tried before Justice beginningWooDBBTr to the Supreme Court, which tovolved avoiding the presence of any more troops, less time in association with similar jrouths plaints of the unneoassary and prejndlcial de- Total....... ..Mtjsmimthe question aa to what evidences of aoicide wiU must be left to conjecture; If Oe former sup- similarly situated, we make no doubt that lays of the in their decis- Tins dliowjUif, ^ffiaghjtaf hKMpfed (lli^ niiilTMrupon hBfavorMriMNtiat the under the Assoctation. adt- determlnatiaD to obtato a faU annalrM^B to apuW) iLniert(#,'.e«|l«^«4M BiMA Colli.The StdckllaHtet was finher ycsierday.inidvthe United gtsUSijAcfH'inntor'Btfl'cantile papa^.. &<iaQge steady.fiinjOT rates. AftirinqidiT prev^eri for Bngan and whisky. Cotton was ia demand. Frovinonawere ouiet. Hay waa for. toquiredHops,active. Limited tianaactions wereCofiee, Bice, Fish, Tallow and Tobacco. Other branches of trade were unaltered.At the Live-stock Uarketa, yesterday, there was a fine show of good animals, brought in for Christ- mas week. The supply of extra beef cattle wasWe are not insensible to the gallantry exhib- taJten home for examination.ited on occasions meml>ers of the many byFire Department wr nngrateful for the restMiu'V. VMM artha• MBto •' onton u aul/ u poalM*.In the inferiorand Civil Jastices' the Code of Procedurei—All. ntAi Gt^Hpnm I8II0lG0U>^Laris.tiCVU KKKKS'anoUTSB—Vn Sena SBim.WAUiAOTB TRKATBS-TCIUUT OB HOT TO Hautwould have readilymw B0WXS1 THKA.IBX—Hun ToHnnu^Tsi DsTiL's Oak.inadequate.as atLike all other branches of The same CodeStaple." Ia Western Africa, at BJerra Leone and ntorlmi, cot-tktOttr l^iill la pablWMd trwrthe year.Tha case of the dltyat Cer* wai reaoaedfrom sympathy with ItotraUoronk or ptirposepaid Department, with every maa in the toreeor wMMTia the deepest parte of the raate ia»»% Mli^nto Biainlifcparty died of position his own hands. The verdict was not renifered.aot the whe)[fcilin«'gnt;Consd ani»bum etheryea- HlwnDUT, who made the bill ofsale,taatifiedaato&epaiticalaraiifthe tiana- »r riT» Don-"'' action. The prisoners ware not to attendance, anddrawing salaryatfd liable to lose hisfbraxtraorimarv tests may be teamed,' !!;?•n-.^- .In the Court <rf Oyer and Terminer, yesterday, the entire day was occnpted by the tri^ of Freid.has been tried Informationweharereceivedupon stancethereanltaharebeenin-someThose who beUsve that ftigland has been mwi^BASHOIFSmrSBmi—AttcnooBandKroator-SiA thesales-pens singlesheep^sold at to $18— tem thealongthe Gold Coast every prospectevery exertioo isba^ft. lower than last week, the muket being rather overstocked. HOOLKT*OJJfFBKU.'S,inUo>lBlloos-Xiaiorua Thetotalrecm^ttfofliveanimalsatthevarious City yards, for £he week ending yeaterdsy, num- bered 4,479 beef cattle, 103 milch cows, 413 veal calves, 8,191 sheep, and 16,180 live hogs—total,servicesofttierolunteerssolntely prevents the sale or exchange of being used as a cloak by whole hosts ofjobbing shall have been submitted to him. Bat asttieofAgricultural Sods&aWmMtob^-AiBoanuuH. ' aatlaB—gratuitousdecision witltinafter thesucceas. AtAe^OUITBBBITBT KUSie HALI/-SOSU AXD DAaois IT A TAuaR*D CoiuAin.clined at least28,36u. Owing to the heavy weights of a large sales to test the decline. It may be safe,make depredationsonthe public purse.SUStOSAh AOADUrr, TMitk-otnot-ABORi' Fvin banRMB or PAinaraa Aa> Suivaicumimiiior ranabts,m^•Bnadnr-Bn-proportion of the cattle and sheep, these figures do not quite indicate the actual aupply of meats.The PresMent In Us own Defeace.Wehowever, to estimate that if thelabor of the South was in 1859 worth000,000, in 1860 it is worth less than $800,- tinnally undergoing csstiy additions,Judgesof our CommonPleas,Supreme,and cotton,wliichtheybuytotheseedatleasthanaOHMVaOBAtn' SAiXERT, Ho. 6» Bnawar-Vn "Cn-—a suddenaltera- is ordered for almost every company tliat can tie inducedOaubbt-Jabt^Ohlwoos.newFrom the interior an of the Asao Agent ciatioareports, that a large export trade wiU soon berealized, and that lie found 70,000 people bnsy toits and The growing, apinntof weaving. proapectis, that to the nnmerooa towaa which stud the coast, cotton marta srill aeon lie asttiMliilwd, and fnndsh a large quantity.At Etodna, Benin, Old Calabar, and the FiiMi•ijiAirmm^xo. •vOKFAOKara*.I-WtofM«c^ Tmi Sauuta—addressed aWe mast cravefiie indolgence of corre- sponclcata for any aijiareiit aaglect oi tiieir favors.Capt Latham waa reported to beease was to ' adjonraed Friday.quitethisroute between England and the United States,discoveries wereof cotton m the future, wtthout the product of alave labor.dependBnei^S ^^en in theThe cftaa ia atill on. In the General Bairicia this subject, this is the tenor of his assurancescattsa&Hairi^ "richBchachtforthemorderofandtheaccounttherewereaevetalencouraging. Thechangefromavohmteer oftheexpeatleawiOrepayperusal.supply, 4Wti*-~ tobattery CourtofSpedlalSessions.wlKCourts, such as the Marine ismenced under The great pronilae.to Greece :haa introdocad it intoHome1thenewaandtpamof.If the httter bethesimplydeem aay strategy justifiable which may misrFan in the Priee M* Slaves.The Romney (Ya.) Argxu, htmenting the de- cline in the value of slaves, reports the sale at $800 of a valuable mechanic, who last year'"publish,000,000depreciationgoldarrivalbythesteamer AtUuuie,oountryrarely deoides a case a within»»»fei. of.lariaoihcent. New-ToW 74| ^grant.true, mit, in criticising the operation of a systemwhich elaims to be one of gratuitous service,only actuated by a desire for the pabUc good.Ceatral cUiaedMoney aipun i for Q* borrower, on me^inj^edHour, VkMt uid 00r& were In Bond raqoaat, at lead an enemy.'^>t>ttd. ^jHemp, Hides, Leather, Metals and Naval Stores were to-human lives which they hare saved by their exer-many d^ert^— severalandmade with$25 per head. Live hogs are ^c.in anotherrather anrepairsapparatustory—as a suggestion rather than as an order.column, extraordinary document, purporting to come fromthehandsofPresidentBncRAXAK. Itisgentlemanin Pfafladelphia who had expressed a fear,shared by many of their paitx iriends, lestwhich the;operatives.As a specimen of the abuses io which we re-political letter, ytinquirethe reason of thisextraordinary;papersreportedtoCefltMr. BucHABAN Isdupe ofmen wholarge, even for this season. Some of nominal The transactions arepublicis not an intelligent fireman in our City bat risions, it is declared by the Code thatunusuallythese sold as high as 12c.<ai2lc. V' &> for the dressed carcasses, to be afterextremely few, and uniformly at prices which a twelve-expecttoweighed slaughter- tog. Cattle equal to the usual first grades wentmonth siiice would havewill readily admit that there are very seriousjudgments given in these Courts after thereadily at S^ciii^lOc.; a slight advance upon the —previous weekly market, while the poorest gradesculously In the Frontier States and almost equivalent drawl>ack8 to the value lapee of the periods named, shall be void andhis to cultivate the " Otaat subjects,dbwB fo the eoevlctiatt that Mr. BtroBav&k is behalf efftttbless to his *nist,r-that he is latentiaBallr aheavy bafdMiiM the OKy TreaMuy; aad ItandfcVorlBg the seoessien B>OTeaDeMl,-<etther may t»4ay be jaaOjr ^aeationed, whether « headeA ftom iee or ieebergs, and the depth to read the ifefad amiualWehavereasontothinkthatill. The siOB nndetthe idea that the seceding States will tainly be condndTe to thegreat energy and rPMarch of thatretnnteeswhicfa they reqnire. Unleeswe are mistak-public peace, atisfhctwy^eitabUahm^atof experimenttelegraphicdieyiceextort firoa thethaCeort. yw •&»pi>iirtt;ito the Union after obtaining the goaran-comfort andmorals.This and inMichael Kavaaagfa-foisery trialo; and one bnr- fiem the leaders of the movement in South to thewas aent to paid system of Fire Companies, has Wato Priaan tot twa years and six months. Carolina, on the strength of which he has re- certainly contributed its full share to the re-«•"» "5L, "^f^"«uHty.1%e Xmm^ Delar'The nae of the Sheriff fnsed to agatost the Comptroller, toreinforce the garrison at Fort Moul- demption of Baltimore from the sway of row- rqnrd to bee to the Uqnor and police caaea, waa trie. Whether this ia the deliberate dies andmmttted to at JoaticeStTTBKKLABn,purposeseceding States,—or whether they have now bunk in our engine houses, conld be fortnne to be Htigaiits in support of theirChambers of the Supreme Court, oik the written pomts of coun-of theeetabtisb a of law that a prasumptianJudiciary renderingtrue, the whole secession move- there would soon. be % perceptible dinunntien ions on cases argued in onr Conrts of BecQnLis very large..fet.ah>:his pbtsliwd i mmfir_bement resolyes itself into asouthward, for tlm reason that there is lesston States. In South Carolina, for instance, deepthat in the Courtssys- Common Pleas, the Judge shall render histhe perilous aspect of the social question ab-twenty dayscase andwhich make cotton colture thefrslaves;and while the nomiaal rates have de-New sites for Hook and Ladder, Engine and Hose houses, are being eternally purchased at exor-the case of the in- ferior Courts, that the decisions shall be void if not rendered within the time specified, thepoUUoal trick,—in the assail andthecases to be tried at It is alleged that' one of theJudge SdiHreia^ than1H^p^feandaevealoftheBailwayatockaweretakenfreely eoncessionswhlcfa.itsaoberandsettled judg- "Thereie an air of ungraciousness,wawAr afterthebearfaigwtM a^Vhr Vspacron orders from Kngland, at an advrace of IfSS w ment win not;JudgeefHie aeURM-been considered ridi-rates are better maintained than further of the Departmentpresent organized of no eflfect.taWMM THXATBX—Srium* k !•••' OiMin. its of large fat sheep has seldom been excelled at danger of servile revolt there than in the Cot- the City Government corruption Is striking of Record, such as the Supreme, Superior andsold at the declme. Cows and calves were selling aboutaslastweek,Ifanythinglower. Theexhib-and administered.root in the of oar fire machinerycontractors, under which they can securelyton gins have been introduced and atrade in the native cotton commenced, fri LSiirfathirty per cent, there are noforc^iital of no country; in the world has ever,furnished aperhaps, precedent.If wetact, we discover at once that it originates no- vrhere outside of the Slave States themselves.portionsmachinerybut that* "the remaining TitaHty of the Democratic It is not due to the existence of the Repub-—eapedally of eommunicatians on tlte snbject of inregard tosecession. It was designed to be period throu^ which the price ef sUves on the 18th and 17th 'days of the present was perfectiy solvent at the time of trial, has OUT jlMHtal trooblas, nan^r^ wliicli u« raluable confidentialr^at that poipose has heea fnis- has, unto recently, steadily adraaeed. It month, will be found to present an average become beaOcrapt and peimiless during the.be <" still farther leaeened "roone, a has lieen made good begiimfagthe lican. Wa bave anlmmBimi accumulation of manuscript eonrse of action the President was parsolag in full vigor through the last fonr years, a fer* the (wocrcdinips of our' Common CeuncU, There are cases in which a defendant WhoParty mightbyParty,for thatorganization has beenexpectedto bear withpatience.bydlstitta- tion of seed and cotton gina. At Lagos a 1seees- motiveofinvoluntary $1200,-bitantprices;' the houses themselves are con-Superior Courts have united in the cent a pound. Tiiis cotton, cleaned, is worth ia regardingtwenty-daylimitationasadvisory,notmanda- Liverpool,fourteencentsapound.trade has been opeoed. Along tiw line of -the 1 Niger It ia proposed to establish trading atatfaaia It ia reported that immanaw qnaatitiea which .^i|pHigSI$4kworth sixteen«• hop* to be able to make room for some of circle of Mr. Buchanan's political friends." tution in the several States, and regard the — lielng thus very carefully locked many months stunulattog the cotton culture. NoiMtees tsa-and 'wonld be cheetfany poblislied at onca if the trated and the world is permitted to does not spring from the princifdes orillustration of the perfect recklessness withyears intervening between the submission of be bought for six cents dean, on thajnemaae at news, adTertisemento, Ac., upon our share the wisdom originally intended for platform of that partyoaiHBii8,dJdnot lander it impossible. In dae time the use of the much more limited disclaim all design to interfere with the insti- Fire Department are granted. In theae de- of a decision in the plitintiff'a favor— Ham, batthe forbearance of^adif we were at to subject of libertyemancipationmerely conoem,butasamers there are it, and aa an planttogilliiiliilliahMire must their aothors.bespeak—and their rivalriesby the municipal lobby of jobbers, centraetors and steam fire-engine patentees, to snliserve the most corrupt and nefarious schemes forNEWS OF THE DAY.Ika most important feature in the proceedings ofthis consolation. It mutating to find the President of the Republic, in this supreme crisis of its iiistory, extending aRepub- licans have ciroulatefi incendiary ideas, taught insubordination, er held out false hopes to thein causes tried before themselres at Special Term, but they also go far to obstruct and render nngatory the labors of their moreCongieaa yesterday was the speech of Ur. Joaa-From the Feejee lalands, the Committee hsva re-certainlyplaintiflTswith whichbe hnmU- shrewdest to solve. It ia not becausepopularitywith thepublic,Bat notof their snccesa, one of themIn Eastern Africa, to the rich valley of the P)!'j«,theyhave noonlydo thesedelinquentJudgesde-reports*^ that ha; for they nniversallycentsIn Booth Africa, the Govetmnant of Hatal is" mands, it is true, but few, if any of the fire-BOm, ef Tennessee, in the Senate, continued from degree of anxious coDaideration to a small negro; the most malignant antagonists ofthat obtaining a plunge, arm-deep, into the City indnstriousor less hesitant associates in the ceived the most ,wondeilal specimens of eottoa TVMday. He made a strong appeal for the Union, party clique in Philadelphia which he denies party bring no such charge against it Evi- strong-box. trial ef causes at General Term. In the Com- growing wild there, and rvprodacw^, for from tan told declared that Tennessee would stand by it to to the gallant little garrison of Fort Moultrie. dentiy, therefore, the causes wtiich have ren- On the 13th of this month the Board of mon Pleas, for instance, where all appeal cases to fifteen years ! The samples are so valuable aa 4he last. Xlluding to the expressed intention of Mr. Bdcbanaic in this letter first shows very dered slave property unsafe, and so dimin- Counclhnen voted $2,876 to Messrs. Las must be heard before three Judges, each of to range frop 13 to 24 cents per poood ; tiiay tfg-9oa& Carolina to compel the other Southern Stateslo follow her in her scheme of secession, he said secede, and that he ia clothed with power belongsdeliverywho aslcs to be collection of graduated qualities been received.'conclusively —right toand the future. And he closes this extra- sources of information. Misrepresentation of to Hook and Ladder Company No. 15. This where decisions are not delivered within veryordinary manifesto with the cheering assur- the Republican policy has been the whole and is a pretty fair specimen of one evening's twenty days in any of the Courts named, thenie New York delegation in Congress held an ance that sole material of warfare in the recent cam- Councilmanic work in reference to the Fire cause shall be brought up again for trial in and a new company has lieen established, calledMeans. Anefibrtwasmadetoadjournoveruntil the 7th,of January, but it failed—94 to 82.portflatteringprogress.80 much forEdgiand-due observance of present laws. Li'tereportsfromGeorgia,receivedinWashing- makeofthispresentItisThere is not one whit more which are felt disastrously.firmlymoved byp.ton, imlicate that, after all. South Carolina is likely •f theto be disappointed in her expectation that the Em-pire State of the South wul afford her aid and inconsistency l)etween its premises add itsgine Company No. 24escape for Hook |nd Ladder Company No. 4the defendants be-and it is certain tliat the day is not distant when the man- ufacturers of Europe will draw their largest sim-coantenance, to the extent of following immedi- conclusion that wa» manifest in that docu-ton States than in those nearer theNorth,ply of cotton from the sources named. And that ed with the belief, (so soon as his sympatliieaarate State action to defeat the extremists, andthus afford delay until tietter counsels can prevail.ThesereportscreatedabetterfeelinginWashing- onlyfromitsintrinsiccharacter,therefore,we ton yesterday, and a strong hope that, throw gh themedmm of the Consulting Committee, somethingmight yet—whetherof the South Carofina Conven- it ! illustrates admirably the line of conductenvyhim the freedom it has earnedhim.of theproceedingsHence, while the lives of the whites are heldUnion with indecent haste, nor to permit a ing employment.be done to stay the tide of disunion.genuine epistle One thing is clear,pen.Owing to the severe storm prevailing, no reportsgenuineornot,it as a clothed in clearerandusing, Timeshasanotherarticleonthesecessionmove- thereforemuchmorelikelythanhisMessage ment in the Southern States, and it is one more to make them generally understood, if not tothe aOi Inst., anired at this port yesterday. Heradvices have been anticipated, but London journalsto the 6th (one day later) are received, and fromthem We obtain some fresh information. The languagereadily adoptcapitalatroogly in bvor of conciliation from the North ttiau any tiiat have yet appeared" No ordinance of said ConveRon, dissolving theagement to escape aflforded by the rumored voted a new steam-engine to Hose Company connection of the State of North Carolbia with the Georgia,which ignores those immutable laws whichAbolitionism of the party now in the ascend- No. 62, the resolution suspiciously providing Federal Government, or connecting it with any other,ant in the North encouragement borrowed that this engine be built by the Amoskeag •ball have any force or validity wtM it tkall have iten ;from the indiscreet language of white agita- Company " without contract ;" also that an rubmitttd to, and ratified by, a majority t/the qualifiedWe copy from the same journal an toterestmg account of Capt. McClin- TCOK^ Arctic Ezpisdition in the Bull-dog, by which fliiit uHtjUcalriBty of carrying a line of telegraph inOto Ikirope to America ni Faroe, Icelaad, and Clirifiilnnif hn« been soeccMiully established. The" which she so — enlightened act," recently passedin its coltmms. -to wit:" That no citlxen of the State of Georgia, under •penalty of a fine of •Z.OOO, shall be allowed to sell a bale of cotton or a barrel of apples to any persoa north of Mason snd Dixon's Line."amptpa, and (113,860 man Havre.Sewfrom the Pacific aide to the 6th inst.consult with the authorities of that State inon the part of the other section. The willful derCompany No. a new house for12also $8,000 for build-— except uponbe on her cotton forced to ask that protectionin the event still holds his office under returns of both the California and the Oregon elec- the Federal Government, and is expected toNo.All such resolutions as these are mere deavored toThe leading British journal has been prolific matters of form when once introduced, At nostagein articles on American topics since our Presi- the Councilmen invariably indorsing the the slightest willingness to let the voice of herdential election, and, as a rule, they have been action of the Aldermen, who never fail people be heard.marked by strong common sense, judgment to return the coinpliment with referenceand correct information. It is very evident, to the similar jobbing measureshowever, that the writer of the article which ing in the Board of Councilmen. It is sition now before the Board of Supervisors tomer State wasand in the latter—Wein the work of orerthrowing the Government. pending excitement in the .Southern States.purchaseEngine Company No. 18, and also a new loca- ness of her cause than in the hasty retail establishments during the depression of boM-While the steamerCommtimietaUkwason herdent's specialfullorganspread this document atstage her movements are onembairasaad andthe Pony Express, which passedaspersionsEngine Company29^^^reachesTort Kearney on Tueaday mmiing. The official;PaOGBMS.u^ bytions bad been received,of secession. Heana.ll»,8e7,14,761.;example set In 18iT, of convertingtheir stores latoMew eat, maUng a slight<th« atoain eacaped hito the fire-room, and outpresentmerltorlons modesty, which, while it was niiibaiiaaa^'WF^^ P**^ -upacollectionfortheirbenefit. ThaCommodore" man whether sane,^iriU,tak« thewill ta.hauled off to undergo the usual Whiterinavowed Secessionists, and are not only tol- trade ?" Now, Slavery comes in for a fair means of the electric telegraph, may, after all, quest of General Superintendent John A. Kis- possess every graceful r^ulslte for disthiction to theplacewith America by with Republicansshare of the Time*' patronage, for -'what be realised at no very distant date. We print NEDY is based on justice, and conld not be re- profession she has espoused.nie total vote in the for-return within a few days.pany No. 7also toa location for DOThe plurality of Mr. LiBCOLK over Mr. Bbwkih- This is bat one of many indications that Mr.CoNSisTKSCT.pablish elsewhere,fromBinex in Oregon ia 301. The people of California BccBASAa's Administration is actively enlistedby and offer their stack the disunion issue. have resolved on doing so, largehave voted against calling a Constitutional Conven-tioi by only 173 voles, and in favor ofthe State's indebtedness by a large majority. Theprecipitateby evil-disposed persons, and theWi.vTEB Gabdkh.—" Borneo and Juliet" waa played here last night, Mr. Boots Bustaining the part Ikcbkasx op thi Polici Fonca.—The propo- of tiie hero, and a " yo\mg lady of this City," that ofThere is later news from British nothing of importance.we quote to-day has nothundred men to the present^''j**' ,. '^"^ yesterday mominc, and waiting$100,000;ts a these and profesrioa demandtogular meeting jaateiday. The death of Mr. jnHOS, a boaifiBroAc*rat Qnaranttoe, was aa-inMr. BooTa*8 Romeo was a good performance, bat scarcely up to the excellence of his Ri'» -''>u and Isga. The other parts were snstained by the members of the eompasy ia their usual way.opening, throughthe secession" were theto theherselfwas not thapaying allof musical boxes and Svri^ watches at retail untilOne member of Ub Cabinet, Mr. Cobb, has re-signed, after haviBg 4oBe eTerything in consequence was a scarcity of water in a large his power to discredit the Department over mining district.' Datid Scahmkld, formerly a which he presided, and prepared an elaborate randent in tMs City-, and a Lieatenant in the New- inct the Gov-Tork Yolunteers in Mexico, had been elected Chief ndiary ;»-onunc>amt<t>/o againstBagineer of the Fire Department in San Francisco. ernment of which he was himself a part, andof her has she shown proceedingsDec.31.^ AmaaeaseatBiflume of the Tuolumne Waterblown up some Company had beenColumbia,butwhich he had sworn to support The Presi-no overstrained calculation to say that the va- Citypossesses a good flgure, fine eyes and a pleasing;for dayUgIt near ThiogI Heck, with steam shut commended it to cordially publicnoticed nmch and quietmany oBim, we thooghtfiilpoipoaa,andaoft a defective uon plate in the steam-clumney Thompsonandthedemonstrationswilladdmateriallytothe and Ufe during the comingservice,amonc to ^deck passengers. Several persons serve the Federal authority. Secretary Flotdopponent of more steam more of these engines havesecuritypropertytogleas har frtanl wtftweia scalded, and one, a colored waiter named devotes himself to has died of hisof the" not to that which Southerners are so is on record thatshall anxious to conserve, but to that wliich they been asked for, and of course'^.'* JJ'»M, injnries at the Hos-pital.public armsintrusted to theirto see, acknowledge the necessity of the prt)-performancemustdependonr*«»"ti««.r.j«.p wlUing drudgery, tedious mlnntaness of itndy, and naillnch-Mrs- aBlJ^Bjand young daughter a»l son,and munitions in such athattheyunder miles of streetsguardian-"'did aU to their power for the relief of the suffering>"granted needed or made available.— AtlanticTeugbaph. Thegreat»n<l other officers,parties, and Oe cabm passengers promptly toot Secretaries, Superintendents of the Executivegataed, but scarcely the Inl for BHss Eu»n victory,i**^conflictwibthe Generalscornfullyput anycoiild believe that England and Francebe eitherafrom the PresidentialThe only means I have now in my command cen- paign in the Southern States, the fruit of Department, though the total ordered to be the'*tre in exhorting the people, as a nation, to implore the f!:is:ai>cc of an overruUng Providence, in order to avert the dangers wMch liow beset otu beloved land,'*We are re^ly at a loss to know what toCourt, taking precedence of all otherdecision of their casesthe 'epistle. Message.quiteinthespirita new and costly fire-—worship, as many may imagine or desire ;thesamemanofstraw. Ifwewereto should have little hesitation in pronouncing itA Sknsibli Pbocxioino.EurtqieaB shouU prodoce cotton, and tliat to no other of thation yesterday had reached us up to the time of which the President has resolved to pursue. by a less precarious tenure, property in blacksAnd on the same evening, while the Board hot-headedthe State into the Northern States so<m be led to look, by the anar-and of to their wants gies example England, supplyand asked to with the otber "civ- " jomof the earth, in the protection andand the o( suppressiongojog to praaa with oar first edition. ThesteamshipAtlantie,&ranSouthamptonon Andifhedidnotwriteit,is even more insecure, and if the South Caro-lina planter declines to buy negroes for fear of a fortune to Messrs. Lkx and Labnzd, theminorityplungedoubt that he will statement of his;—than he is In the habit ofinto his sableto Southernregard cooperationand.wickedsimply recoiled in ruin upon themselves.clerksand tration in variousThk Nobthat the atart that to a mlsceUa- audience, (the tmest and soiBetmei severest re- critic) as well as to seems toPrinting,employesoftheAdminis-wouldtheirfreepolicyofhalfacen-sake of an extended cotton idea ofneons<rf the Commomeealtit, which» of Bmigration held their reg- erated, but encouraged by theirstultify tury for theviews,introducing coiupiracyflock,BoardofAldermen,spiritofcom-of freethose itislUuttons antagonistic to the same.commend them to favor.The Secession Administration.govern trade, may deem it expedient to repeal thatHegoesAnd it is also q4lte probable that she will real-Mr. Secretary Thompson, of theDepartmenttors. The whole responsibility, therefore, of addition be made to the house ofvoters the State for members of the General As- 0/ofthe hasleft Interior,this wholesale and fatalwe haveverylittleof Councilmen were thusin employed votingsecession.lature has recommended that a State Cenven-— tion be held on the 18th of February, and abill has also lieen introduced oroviding thatforas Commissioner trom the State ofdepreciattonCompanyNo.at anWashingtonRaleigh.10,and confidence. has entered openly intowhiledisposingwayGovernment. Under wasbefore thelength world in its pages,thatpredecessorthanwould tlDdu«WaISdiooI.tobeapenadtoState. tween this toleration of treason to the Gov- The answer, of course, is,'which noaived the approval of the Board.repeathisgreat perfiim-Jts-*^^?«„.:tdS(as-'positions,aresuperiors,the aMre reporter, sheprofessing stOl to(Tengresslady,open andcoimecting Europeconcedingwhich is this formidableis somewhat less than the expended average.:Anglo-Spanish Cotton Company," with a capital of f4,0C0,CCO, for raising cotton.—danger" est." It is also saidJkn- such a course. The NationalB«v,„C.,¥. SnaiSOH ezplatoed the points out the very remarkable contrast be- even the British metropolis—be without it !"' interesting account of the recent expeditiondangerpublicin-Intelligencerernment and the unrelenting severity with sistency is a very rare jewel, indeed.conunand of the celebratedArcticdiscover,of insurrec- a danger far more urgent than any otherattitude of the Cotton17th instant, passed the following resolutionsthat certain plaintiffs,mind, that King Cotton does not sit soon that throne, before which so many bow andThis danger is more imminent in the Cot-orJudgescoming bankruptately fai her footsteps, shodld she see fit to declare ment. It avoids, with the same care which cause in the latter the slave is saved from the No. 2 ; a new hose-carriage for Hose Com- the Judges for these delays, by commencing the American manufacturer will also be impraas-herconnectionwiththeUniondissevered. There alternativeofrevolt, theever panyNo.24 suitsis asserted to be a large pa rty of Unionists in Geor- the Message evinced, the real point of duty, desperate bygia, who will cooperate with those opposed to sep- and lights, with the same conspicuous valor, lingering hope of escape. It is mainly fromsaid and another new amoimts so lost.forrecoverythe border States that the underground railroad judge obtains its passengers. Every one of these—The State of Korth Carolina, wliile neglecting nothing wiiich it may deem essential to tb^ protec- tion of Southern rights, is revived not to en- ter upon the grave business of dissolving thebe and severed,) as are the refusedthatfortunate travelers leaves behind him those who have witnessed his successful effort, andleast than 150,000, at thischeap uponwithalikethus reducing the price of hands, the same ^mendable liberality, were transacting equally result follows in Virginia, from the encour- profitable business of a similar nature. Theyof South-em wealth is due to- Southern misconduct, smne to be done " withoutThis is eminently sensible and dignified.AHanlic bnroaht. In gold, £149,450 from South- Mississippi to the State of North Carolina, to and in no degree to aggression or interference new truck and apparatus for Hook and Lad- Secession is the most important act which any employmg cheaper labor than she now employs, oramonnts ofpropertyand themanyperemptory inrendered within four andof the slaveholderthe motives of a great national party have also a new fire-escape truck for Company ableproper^islife, rapidlybwMMiiikaadCtaMBlaad. It has beenwdniarte flw enterpriae need be appia-tf. pend«^aj.p«a,ju^ •• i* fattoeoetifc*few lpublic economy as It would cer- elMeWhBvneoesafidlyMd. Apart firom the Ingtions andto make such a requestofelsewhere,every satisfiwtoty andJBtportaat .seientific lade ^ C^it MoOiurrooK,cesafultohereflarta to obtstoplaces, will be aomewhat aaiprised at thefacts. The aonreet efker perioda, have been aa foUeiaa :Ualted Slates. . BrasswiSSiim'.'.'.BastlmUas..:.Many membeia of the legal profes-; if the intereetlng class of those who sion, and nediiy aB who hare the mis- " "— tions. It is because we appreciate these tively, after the hearing of any cause fourbrought $1,600. Every-where in the South at the moment the things at their fbll worth, that we desire days being the time allotted to the Marinepresent to see the men recompensed (or their time Court and eight days, we believe, to the Civilton seed has beendisMbated among the CuiaeiJbfquotations for such merchandise are merely and labor in the service while there Justices. In orderthe fertile valley oi the Meander, to Asia Mirrr .with lull mstruetioDs for plantiog aadgatiisilMallprices which would be of fabulous amount if not shared by so many liefore reaching the actualwhich all denuutds made in then^eof thethe case to the Judge and the final renderingThe same Board, at its meeting on theshall be deliveredwithin ten days at furth-tionresult of theStates, and one the immediate effects of To purchase a new steam fire-engine for En- who can prove losses through delays in theIt is e vident from these facts, to the totalliifant "";;repairstomay requiremore than;and theare executed atnot as one men have any direct pecttniary interest their after the steed has been stolen.We should becimsideritspurious, butwefeartheintrinsicevidence of its genuineness deprives us of problem which defies the ingenuity of the with other companies being dexterously used lay and in many cases seriously injure the on hand 100,000 Iba.that a State has no ished its value, are due to the South itself. It and Larnkd, steam fire-engine builders, to whom has to be consulted before the " that from no other part of the world Lis soch ato thatofsystem political agitation payfor the mere use of theof a decision, the oneunpurchasedthe Constitution to enforce obedience to which has taught the capitalists of the North steam-engine Niagara. Also the sum of allowed to " take the papers home" where heJudge.Sontfaem or any other Confederacy until she had the laws. After this admirable demonstration caution, while it has involved the capitalists $2,649 60 to pay the same firm for repairs to will probably keep them for six, twelve or lands might be raised four millions bales per aa-that Tennessee would not be dragged into aby—steam-engine J. G. Storm and one or two eighteen months—effectuallypreventsthe de-It is calculated that from half the area of theae is- num.He was followed by Mr. Lake, of Oregon. Mr. Toomui, of Georgia, made his appearance in the Senat^yesterday fortime to consider about it.to declare that he has of the South in loss and danger. We haveof Iiishemade up his mind not to perform it,duty,proceeds— becauseAustralia has entered toto theandthe first time during the present session. JThe Pen- he is quite certain that any attempt to da so other evidence of an unquestionable sort, tosion and the Military Academy bills were passed would involve the country in civil war, deluge show that the negro has obtained his danger-In the Bouse, the day was principally occupied in its fields with blood, " mow down" hundreds ous and exaggerated knowledge from his inas-the consideration of the Deficiency Appropriation of thousands of a ter from the public speeches of political bill, the item under discussion i>eins an appropri- negro slaves, encourage ;atlon of $900,000 for the return and maintenance very dangerous military spirit in the country, orators, and from the absurd reports current of the recaptured Africans. The bill finally passed and lead to inconceivable evils in the ameng themselves, and founded on the otherwill soon export freely. Samples of the beat qual-as from the Committee of and reported Waysadioumed caucus last night, only a few members bane absent, and unaiiimuusly adopted a resolu-tion aeclariTig that the remedy for all existing evils in the Union was to bo found in the Constitution, and that all just cause of complaint could be re-presentIn Jamaica, the " British Cotton " re- Companylaid before our readers repeatedly, letters andother engines, not specified.livery of a decision for any of the periodscultivation,the State mean- be- a new steam fire-engine for Engine Company while—are about testing the responsibility ota new steam fire-engine for En- againstofthe;—thus probably voting away not less, atgine Company No. 6steam fire-engine for Engine Company No. 42for the interests of the CottonStates shallthesession, as a reward to those who use the ser- vices of the disinterested firemen as a cloak for their schemes of plunder tpaitaTo those of the worid will partsverysingle;attempt,never be un-;upon ingNo. 16 ; also a new tender for Engine Com- of her people. South Carolina has shown;quittingclearer proof of the conscious weak-the London Times, another article on the tion for Engine Company No. 31. and inconsiderate action which she has en- ness. Messrs. Paiiiau. & Miirw, in Maidan-laae,derived his factsor drawn his opinions from the source rious jobs herein specified will coat thePoliceforce of our City, is a measure good in itself, presenceof the nothispreTions week. T^en " the triumphs of Chief Engineer Dkcku was elected to his and unsettied condition of the public mind.in.ipiredless, altogether,and though many months ago, as theTheseofviously insufficient far the many hundred future excellence wUcb ia praaiaad by ft.'* initialpaidwere also iaflj burned. Capt. WiuiiJB. Mr. be " handy " for the Secessionists in case of are seeking to destroy ;" and the question his administration, than can by any possibility ship. The Board of Supervisors, we are glad Isg strength of purpose. The first triumph has keenwhich Secretaryoffice not avowed and extremeappointmentsfused without 8«iou8 New-York, Liverpool, terests.to theManchester, and this morning from the London Times a most a blank. Con- of the British steamer Bulldog, under theUntitled Documentoriginat-thelierolne. TheInterestoftheoccasioncourse, upon the latter. MiasEuion, the dibntsatte,Democratic insolence,of Sonthem ruffianism intheme of fierce denunciation ; homage was fire-engines than were at that time in use, it troublous months—the present force being ob- the audience. There is no roialraadt»aeltaig,aiidlhad AtkaoM leesfliaa of the depthstatute omits to as in add,qiecialty. Agmat quantity of cotton is raiaed to the adjacent ce«i-tries. The Accn Agiiealtural have aa- Societygagedwith a Ltocolnahire firm to pnrchaaettisprescribesprofitalileOf course weare cases whichtwenty days for examinationshould be taken home and laid aride nntoueli- ed for one, two or three years, is sometiiing which neither the public nor tlte legal profes- sion shonld besamecases, and the decision on this second trialsembly,itState can dertakenand it shouldthe clear and unmistak-willand rice which is now given to the sugar of Louisi-—^Mr. Henry Dexter is executing a bu.it ot Gov.To-nlibt air. Booth will ance (aRidKHiu.requirementof a decidedmajorityHORB ErrAlLlKO.—Quite a number ol our wholesale merchants seem inclined to Imitate thetoA Jomt Committee of the Legis-ascerUlaed thatwhUe anotherPleas has been known, fat manflfl- (ion OMtri»0i riiiii^ititt>,^>rtitvmtvtCommonstances, to take firom eighteen months to three years before delivering his opinion on casesstopflsiBg,ordermgthat decisions shall bementa and to the Islaod of ;atCyprus 'estate.^eight days, respec-eighty thousand acres, has bean devoted to iL cie^to enforce these pro-it increase the growth, from one huadfedcheerfully admit that thereA new locationwas ordered to be selected for Hose Company named, although his two associates are seldom ity have been received. But the Committee aay, No. 20, doubtless to involve an additional ex- more than twenty or forty days in arrear of from " wondrous India " are they receivmg tte penditure of ten or fifteen thousand doUars. the Calendar. most flattermg reports ; and this year it is estima- The cellar of Engine Company Ko. 17 was It is in contemplation, we learn, to have a ted that her exports will reach a miUion baiea. InAbill introduced at the next session of our British Guiana the cultivation has also been.under- new and very costly fire-escape was granted State Legislature, providing that in all cases taken with the most enconragmg prospects.'ordered to be dug out a depth of ten feet.—the doorto Livsrpo<ri.anythoasand liales, to the largefigure ontof wiffiaaIn Tunis, the Bey is uatog great exertions wi&add fourand eminenfly wise, ia view of the excited graceful. Beyond these raquliltea, which aha bilngaandthe — utilityhasto be able to assure barof the Metropolitanorganization Democratsunitingtoyet eveiythtog leam. It ia pleasant, however,posed increase,presentthat theUhabtted Cottotf comttiy totheir attention has not been i^f^o&jtd.Ihrongh tlie inflaenea of the BihishCciMilit the cultivation of Cotton b^Toritey haa been <the crop. Of Egypt, the Comm^tee report,«thatCapeCoastCastle,arean European colony is lieing eatalriisbed for cotton.rk.siafIn Havana, Cuba, great efforts are being made^manufacturers,cheapworld can labor be foundthe right climate, to compete with Africa and the East Indies, where more than 300,000,000 are wait-of cotton ilized powersemploymentlabor,withm theof the future, that the Legialature of the State ofIn this it is view,quiteprobabiiitieaize tlie necessity. With the other Cotton State^ oflabortherightseii and tocentred, of Thomas M. Tryniski 309 South 4th Street Fulton New York 13069a^a-^^a;^^^'^^'^^ ?*<cv^&pssiivva.s^-'****'^*www.fultonhistory.com 