^integrityfounded and maintained onand struck to the northwest for some snowy mount ^Vhe Ex Governor of Hungary ax- distinguishedHumboWt) River. This they followed down to its sink, and thence'lleslco want Siajrwr, let them have it, and I never least, use chiefly >u thern shoes, or Ndrthorn labor trade see to the faithful enforcement ofwhom they must and whom laeyevils from restatingthe sale of intoxlcatkig llquocs,"r"Joc'aUty,couldEvery appeal they make toofthe of "Congressional protection" seems dogmaof our which alike in the hands of the adversaries,weakest and wisest of them has ever been used against the best and purest of our statesmen.POLITICAL ITEMS., .againat capital. fnt^^ceiaedTo the Editort of tht Evening Postis^Kia'Bagland,employee,be maintained inviolate in all its parts, not only temi'er North,given formvitalityto theRepublican Parly, feltSirtuie will soon reassemble for the Less,itbecomesmydutytoinformyouthatttiejoint adoress to which they agreed at the close of their last sess'ontAas**' 'brepressibielaration that the clause in the Constitution rela- tive to fugitive slaves is a violation of the Divinewhat was called the Liberty Party. That that party was, in the end, Injurious to political Anti-Slavery, and1^ the Senator fiom New.Tork, bill to repeal the slave code of New-Mexico;by pollUolansearaeal katt-fflavto Texas, are Coistltutlon and ths Union as they are; and deny snd scout tha "tight" of sny of theandhave no part or lot with any movement which might, under any drcnmstances, Isad to dissolution. Idke those veteran patriots, Wn. C. Riras snd Sak Hens- TOB, they "an content with the noble structore which our fathers bequeathed to us. desiring neither a gen- eral convention to botch It, nor a secUonal convention to subvert IL".^ianra ttenefroes,he Is worfcfaig hardiuMany deilgeert SorfU report, are already Si»<fW^ In a U^lrSd.tofirmness, Ineormptible hiteg-tribe of lactprere thatyou wise to wait until after the slection.so lectures in eoiin- baaementa of chnrches to teach the childien that;ofthink IhatlfIn what Issatlifledwith thefree hemestsnds to those whowill setnalHr settle anddelWeiing ^called the Oppodttoa. who get a Party u^V^Sldl^ opposed to what they deem the o»»»«. of thsdooaln. T. The eleraaoo to officeto aar hai«-rwhat Iit hctae— in •tain tiiat,Exeen- tivs patronage fbr unworthy pniposes. 3. To the ar- rsnt heresies of the so called Nattonal Democratic Party in regard to the snldeetof Slssery in Oa Tef ritoiles. 4. To the systematis reopening aad danger- ous agitation of the Slavery quesnon by olfra polttl- event that he is made President, intends to carry of Slavery. Unless the candidate of their party the reopening of the Slave-trade has even "Demo- eai leaders' for purely party porpoaes. 5. To ttie In-"bigger' IndUas, wteint was made br white t^Mlb^ttraia benefit of whiteParty, who think rrimmy principletack isrvsr gams. Thesei, ,tly white no, and by none other what-with Qiam Isoppositionand influencetit may be remarked- hare that their opposition tothe TerritoriesEven Ex-the treasonable avowal made In depthiof recentlyM open to all the whitesaid:",Ton blush not at these iUngs, beoaoaebeeome as familiar ss hoasehold wordspretended Free Soil allies claim peculiar merit formslntalahuthese miscalledvhlcb toey sad in Ibe national compact. Does not aU this prove that the Party have withPlatformdatewhatever. TheRepublicansofOhiowlUsupportof the candidate of anyfielent cause fbr dissolving the Union. 7 To the anil- Republican doctrine of secession as promulgatedthat choose to go, white men to institute the gov-the Territory. I would nothaveigroe*.too,theyand yourrevival orthe Union lasts.theThey profess they would have Ihe«fUwpeople to be governed by it.and Is a rather""(OaiUttordesirable. Icanseenotwo ''r alikeintheirdomesticinstitmiunsOar ayatem rests on the suppo^i- 8tato baa something in her coodi-. Iwrdtcamstances, requiring lawsTerritories. But not a word about thedecision," and its antagonist, ".Squatter Sovereign-ty." 1 hope they are at least satisbed tliat this " de- tion, and that he would as soon trust his cision" settled nothing of Slavery's political or prac-Itna diflerent from 'tBbdc* I answer theother State of^thatthey are to be the judges 6f how far the Constitu- tion does violate the law of God. They say thatopposedtothesystemofSlavery, Inthisrespect,hawill be very disagreeable to those trho think Slaveryabenign,righteous,andChristianInstltation. Ifthispart of his character be truly represented, there willbe no difficulty In putting- him on the Republican Plat,rights" in their former state of speculative abey-political organlzaUO^."of the j'boiB Wisconsin, that I am willing that aprofitless partythe whole matter in as much most brilliant and Intellectual men of Qie cuontry,"]Vbit capital States, I believe, dktiAoidiAg States; the labor States areThen the Senator devoted about a third ef his speech to a very beautiful homily on the glories—vote of Missouri to Mr. Asahs andAvas succeededbtnajiit noDiSgltators, it is this:"J ^-_— heis man provided always,Charleston,to the Charleston two important bits of business were dons In assasay-words will not save them from the ^tfaat-^follows the doctrine they havei-conflict," and proclaimed rdMltia»'«f tile Constitution, that eachtruly national Convention,It coud~that instrument? Republican Party and the Democratic Party isvisit to Canada wouldevery questionto the samecontroversy. They must by this time feel that the land laying that he Is imquesUonably one of tilsIjy wUto men shall have neeiroes, jDst as the white men shall deter-everyand hence should nut be ot>eyedthat recognizesleaveobscurity as ever, and that national parties had better"j '*^ 'notasthenegroesshallprescribe.at from New-York has coined a new the South and;baleful dispute at)Out the power andanyevidence of it.ISMofthe of the States of the Union—labor States say,;but,public life,Batxsdutythemselves nill decide ttds home concern when andto suit their case, and make them be-informing ocratic Party the people wluch of the Repubitran candidates can,. fr^tmjioth Houses, relating to tbs vbK'-lted Sba^ he 2s on the side of the most -numerous^boemakersf are the mecbuiics ofparty.tall,"languageI Itiscouched. subjoint^MM Why the laborers andI have a right to insist that the Constitution shalleleven States,The Old Guard," the men who haveThe address clares that, while not in favor of a dissolution of t^e:Dow?nifG-STaxxT,Jan.90. Lei^Sla-— f^/g6Hoiitojoatasitpleases havebetook the oath toThus, we see, the radical difference between thefrom the guilt of Slavery, taat the Slave States guarviefiteod sustain that institution, can receive the votes of any true Republican.That class of Republicans saylthat oiTr doctrinesso long an absence, and at so great a distance, as a'and abolish it whenpressed, however,desire to testlfr tomtH^^OMea, wtnUtono conflictthe North-that the party was nation of for Senator Huirrsa,>tgt<»wooldbebrethren there t^tWlMdl^I^tMieen as, and your sboe-J ^;__t<ilBt«Mkafor higher prices.made and it,areto the Constitution. They repudiate the instru-'(WSblbe'Senator l'«omiettt ?pardoncereihonyMajesty's naiMb.>aiii»^I will not give yay for a speechthe abandomentof thesea Whig. His position and character, as a Senator, principlesGBE.4T PLAINS.patllcipate."ntsQ^gestion.H desire simply to make one sin-the Nebraska This class of men speak from experience whea"in regard to what the Senator from n«ttid-4B-refereace tu the condition of thesay,protectallyour rightsIt is a thousand times better to failCapt. Biiopaon's ExploratldiKafaidDg; '(here- *here are three thousand operatives, iitkerB never was a titpe when 'h'-y were ni ire imtod'aiid'betler paid in the factories thanpo>ecitedCbasx, Ssttard, and ScMssa, stood side by side, into pbwer, will place in office more oi his <)wn char-acquaint ed with a people in whose rapid progress tomida greatness Her Majesty, in common with her subjects in Great Britain, feels a lively and enduring sympa-Md'i^liea'lheir business was better than at uttered a word;:'_ it*ie='.. ;theif the Senator was moral power going to the heart of the people. ItYour most obedient humble servant, NEWCAS-n.*.iTwiiWiMtjif Hi'g laboiteMien in the factories. Iwhich,all hold the same Republicans•Jdlarge wooden building, situated in beanttfol groaida on the banks of tbe St. Lawrence, widch was to have been surrendered to the Prince of Wales during hls-here. The were there, and dmner was stiy guestswhen "fire" was shoute<i, and the building„[ramsaypublican Party.theylittle,forfa slave code lor the protection of i^and he congratulates the coun-andsimply from natural causes. Mak-Seceders, thePresbyterians,slate of distress in our manufac asatiribuUsg— -as more nor less than an notbmg,IiIIthe lower route, by way of Fillmore City and Los country residence,about three miles fron the a'dty, '1 :5;.tf;this;;President,ju»tre-and that " If he saysOneprejudice passion, agaii^tstitution of slavery everywhere, and they would (asaynothingdon't define theirto the nation. They now appear inclined to give itcovery and openingtbeserentesftsainftiPfan rrPirbr tri[fff hi in tirnr Wfi "" •^^bej^ having fbi poww la obe Honss,~gM bdflgforwardkUltocarryoatyonri« iranw, ^ A ae sapnouey vi a* coo- a«» »is Bnogers Fast, IJ i"M"l-POhio stands ready to ai9pM AtfHwjrfscMiMtisCtnMsshn.V'srm. The Ust,SBoe" aboDt ttls Onisa's worth,-at tho sapsdiaaoy of setttngtfaslda!WehavenoprapsialionstoBake/at SonlhCatollaa'S"^anUngeadss!" Gttans,laNo> otth*rssi_.^ CeJttnnIa, feeue how Snwtt to i^ votes hi tbs Horth, but not to beafraid think it is I should beaUijtiniipltfT tte bet is, these principle*n* euttvailansooresa of tiM OBontry, by snch pntac^ianta everr naeltilparnltsDdintenatss-ls eempstfble with the genenrwtfltrs,sndeqnltsbletoa]l: 3. Ttie atreaath- enlng af our Natknal by the construction of -railroad to the PairiflsOeoan. 0. The nanttng ofagds^aGreat Bask." tar an •aOrsiy dOMeatxThMF'iMMdad to'lMBr the coi.stniction afraid of hurttog your party if yon bring m yourfiieta«h» StEbatian of Indepeji^ cariied into effect by acU of Coogres*.Too areState, aadln 18S1Iof off the eonservaUve men drivingMarylandIsnate^ N|^«V|nr.sf-^h^-'canaealofcondemnation hadsufficientcouragetobringforwardalawto Govemmant—thatIs,pate«tDemocrats,makeathehscds othergUdflilQrajtith* white man and carry out their principleshaveSoBlbanithe fact thatdians are to beentirely tnofiensive aadthenow and then, an antelope, bat never ito have confidence /inough in the sincerity ot &e other side of the Chamber to suppose that theytheyImproT* ef men ofpnbllolaigs hisThey wish to ari- tate, to excite the people o»e North against thepresentnica] exeretse of absuate aad onlimlled power by theSoS. I find nothingofThese little wholesome truth.tration. 2. To theth^South to get voles for the Presidential elecdonconseqaence.; but they shrink from carrying out their measnras lest they might throw off some conserratiTO votopiof than peoplsChiefMagMtate ofthe natlso Indispensingwho do not like the Democratic Party.But, Sir, if the Senator from New-Tork, in the(•thsr sscondaiy matters.manUj have no habitaiians or* 'tmes patches of rabbft-ikiae, Inl,!In or snaxd tliati i^tber baahea,gbaraatae* of Slavery, _ Co prevent it. I am la favor of the o( the WUg kept opprohibitory laws faithfully executed, so long as theybare it siBbBdttetta < present sesston.VUeh hse^entl ter-t•'. Taulioif ,territo-free or alave, either vote or lere, Vt^ere I had the right, underaland. Mr. Lahax, yon know, vows he has:•aehnrritOTyof thia DnioD taking human freedom as the Inert consdeace of., free or slave.the Ameri- He be whatever else hepushed nothing mora than toIt they desire to Mtkem do it-It ia their buii-pleases.leadingsambiguities,todeceive andftirsll^ JoanssoB,) .ftshave it ; iftheycan nothing be done for freedom, because theable commander, (Gen. enabling Capt Sodpsob to makeWe in Bliiida tried__ Slaveryand fiMind it was notwhile everylliing caa be done. Slavery can be limited to beenThey urgeplentyw/ute landlaws Bted,and as a means ofcarryingthemam; andpront- wa tamed pliilanthropista andRepubUc, that^ ' ^ among lectured by Col. FasaosT, on Oe Is fMtabtished Slavery in all theirsurplus. The friends of Slavery will do well to hold jieople,vecovered -with glass, aat^lB'-theyfound could not theythcinown, and occupy their own where thev are. Even the State-Rigku LouUianian, an extreme Doug- las paper, admits that, unless the Slave-trade be es-necei-bysome Instances clover most part covered with some.There,youfind,propositionsfirstgatespreferences.important post, as Edwaed Batis. To his guidance we are willing to con-;I of Slavery is one of poUti-are twoSlavery was to be limited to the States in which itthat those are rsngmsand self-interest, and not by , {ToviaiaD. Irepudiatethedoctrine 'free InatitutiODS may be beat in onewas confined to the States. The first proposition was that Slavery must he re-yet there are few Republicans In the West whobanner,it tosptru agethat u is sa true andfUthful tobe,tell.like Mr. Rust, ol Arkansas, go (artnet. They abhorit, snd consequently do not seek Slavery's extensloa, but advise against it.power bycan people will permit itto bet then, What,mayand studieddefraud an honest and confidbig peaple. Inview, therefore, of the principles thug auinci- erles he thelfflporti^public conscience remains inert! Yes, much can be done,that tlie South hasfor all her surplus slave labor. Underof existingM m_bss, It hat dons the ooonity UiSo -^.Itspresentand circumstances, she needs no more slavery. She has enough to do to develop the untold re-traunds."That is the first thing that can bft donegenerallyol restoring the Government to the purity of theBjlfhls report "GrAt Basin—vnxa Biitiah friends across the Slavery can be limited to its present bounds. them will demand ane&iller days of the we declare "being a desert, orthseoostryaaae*.'how durst'kg^t:iB>:tiiiiy had abandoned the doc- to support the instrument? Did he understand it not do this goodw^ere presentedcountrycere thai Her regretme for in-ofelected a Free-Soil Senator by them, in preference to extent a change or modification of the partyto attend tbeand to wisess the scenes In which ttiO Qneen tth^;thVjr fallatici^m, or prejudice, or policy may de-clare to t,e in violation of God's law, and then equals that of any member of that body, in that ment of the party.to thsir logical oonclu-TatUri.aw, and save tha Union—of ths practleal osoipationAdminis- aad ^ran-rpoataritf fcisrer, and ahoald be ad-the honorable Sena- out his principles to their logical conclusions, let Is opposed to the paramount Influence of SlaveiTi cratic" into white us see where thev will lead him. In the same which has heretofore prevalle(t In this Government,speech that I resd from a few minutes ago, I find they have ao active motive to support him. I statetopropostUon reopen the Africaa Slave-trade. 6. To the sersirsl feet.'hlrfi^^^T.5^mresident, I am to/•"ff^ the following. Addressing the people of OMo, he thisasajmnttm/oct, which. If not regarded In the„the InCmnailon—(opotrtqiiilielL ftleal, xodlogical, ethMWgteili geological—which soehn nport tthis new and tnterastiag togma. 1 iwf_tounequivocalis rather more disposed to the nomination of Batssthan either of the Northwestern States. Her Dele-out of it, abolished it.ifovaned by the laws of climate, was then situated. It did nut then exist in any a small class of men. It msy bs sotmd policy, but as'it north and south, and givii^ rise, lowaids itstWhat else?can abolished, and you aod I can and mus^do It."well qualified by IncornipUble in- tegrity and his devotion to the Union and the Cbu-stitution,toof Missouri.fide the dektinies of the**It can be ameliorated. Itbe and must benis'talents, his kls statesmaozship,portion,to several fertile wUefe valleys,andTerritory. Slaveryent, have no other Interest than to strengthen and de- invitingand of the Constitution and the Union to rally understricted and confined to those States. The second ^Ihi^ ue^ nec^isarilv, the beat everywhere; was that he as a New-Yorker, and they, the peo-where it Is an essential and integral part of the do- cerned we will not be driven from Illsthe Genoa to Camp Floyd or Salt Lake City,^^becansefiiavery maybe in indiapeosablemestic institutions. Peihapsfromthisview,besidesothers,the futilitysupport byready weap3nless by the w^ of Capt 8ii[Moai>a passmust and would abolish it in the States.. ._, ; said by wavof tta vall^eCSple of Ohio,abolish it ;that is toinsensate howl of AtK>litlonlsm, tliat,Probably few of your readers know much about Mr. Batis, and for their education I will give a slight to the wanta, interests, condition and Noithem and is the in- sketch of him. Eswias Bxns was bom in Virginia,the Pints Mountainsthe Umu aad White Xlvers to Oeasar thencetoStJoseph'swLeatenwuilhCity. nia4ls-.tlwrefore it ia desirable everywhere. \a wiaastateeman wULalwaya adapt bissay,hsh it nowhere else.Theyestab-Cte;'aat>decided«tt.b*»r dlffinent institutions from an- not he able to retain their Abolition allies, the rank thick-set person, with a heavy head of hair, and good;Bawxis, Cbasi, Bins, Cuciioit, or Joes Biliyou say,I;''emk.cause of constitutloDal 8. To liberty.the systematicas an honesttiiathewasdefyingtheauthorityofheavenwhen weresomepeoplewhowouldnotbowtotheDagonlaw,be,^lajestyiship men to Kansas rowdies and vaga- Itatlier being very high,-with the Bible in one hind and Shntje's unprofitable seasonI the other, to bhiiot down trie Irieiid.s <j( 'ree silv. at^d hf-Kce Ihe s'rllce. A simtUr strike oc ;urredby{low^^Ui^ttitions anrj of selt-goverciroetit. Popular Sov- in Plilia(!el,jlita aii.J et ewhere a year a{{0. As re-tullon andthe-Unlon.As the means to our Nation'sroute acrosssyDJfathywith the persecutedin Kansas was stricken down rty bythe elections In rctaii-lulty. party) orf;anizationsthe queition of Slavery and Its incessant Intrusion In-the great doctrine of human rights. Icannotbutthinkthosemenmistakenwhothinkwasl<j 1ulonrecord,andfurtheboonofgenerousen-Dosfn the Northern States tor pretence of eiuigram ail socieii«s. ^Hiasouriformedaidsocietiestoo and.t.and resorted to the same ud^ht have been bought here, wlU go from the North- throw off strictly party allegiance and dis- ern mtuiutactureTs. So, you will perceive, tQe maau- tribute the offices to independents and neutrals itrinesour Governmentprinciples avowed by their own Fkamku.'< and his as-expecta cleartlon of the Hungary question, wUA Is oceopytng so much public attention.^ho. your example, .sent unii into KansaM,the recklessandintolerant, proscriptive,partytrine in the admlnistraUou of Government.crossingmen. He givesoccurred the conflict. Now,'^bbsse upon Missouri merely tjecause she lol-quartersiyouprostitutes patronageeiids and vilest uses of party and section, and pan- ders to everything wlUch tends to alienate us and sunder oi Into bleeding fragments. It must makePennsylvaniathe ConiinitteeXt«w-]l«iieoW«atabIisb0dsothergentlemen maywearhomespun, iheyttrillsurrounded by h.fty unknown,butbelieved to"be filled with the seventh secUoa of An act to provide agalnstthacarrybelaJ bytheof out the turningonreasons for not yet;espetjlallywasteful, disorganizing Administration,that the Federal to the baieit willthrow to resist itsnotconvicards Southern tra<:e, I would remark' ttxatiasteawhich tbemeetingpleasedelse.o! trade at the North this season, have bought heavier than usuiil, and although the Northern cities may lotp tome little trade for a season, this loss will affecttnor tba principle of fighting tne devi SoBtt-<T>i cMlts, wbkh, b'lt for the recent excitement, keepprobably byandi. I condemn bothwhose is conservative, rather than Re^uill- positiont.yonr example,lAoie those that sec the exanvle andsan.e;re«ent emergency. It will be gratifying to IfeSSHI .;attemptt^dby theyof which all true Republicans stand^ledged;Republii-onsevtn go to the pwlls if they cannot thereby promote aim in the distance. Thus they came up 'n Crdon's pres«e« his deep sense of obligation, both forlhe ktadsupportnecessarily require. Im-we stand by the Constitution as our fathershave t>e€n clearly expressedfoimded upon "self-evident truths," to ^e supportas a conser- vative statesman whose course has beencon8istent,and markedbyfidelityto principle,and-guidedbyanen-pronouncedRepublicanconsiitti'cd authori'ies, annul such provisions as;will be a dlsband-self unable toThe Queen trusts that nothing may Interfere wtikthis artangement, for it Is Her Majesty's sincere de-sire that the Prince, on whom the Crown of yftungdevolve, may have the opporttmltyIuponment ot Ihe Democratic Party, and especially of that [lOrtlon of the action of the party for which Ithemanufacturers had anProtestants of Hon;wagesas vie haveand pcrpe- ly by a deep and ardtnt love of liSerty. Jind will notnent,that they proposed abandoneii.theof teii'g tight, as the Senator supitosei, wlth^the manu- fac'utera, It hap, on the contrary, been heavv. The t'oulhero cities uuy all their boots and snjes north of Hatiimoie, and cannot obtain thefr supplies anywhere(Capt F»mo.'<t'soolnlju o: himself routHgeme'nt «-hl,-h ItThe Southtrn jobbers anticipating s falling offwhat is known as the SanW F^ trail. Col.'FsjaosT, in 1644, returned from California by c»n. "rhey say if the people of that State would the Santa Fi trail, and in 1845 took the route to Call-fornia that Bos.'tsviLLi's party had taken in 1853, vid•or St. Mary's River.Thus these two great eiplorers had both taken thea«n content both. If th« of New- cot go barefoot, and Ihey must, for th* at Slave law or to the renewal of tha Afrtean Slave wWl people presentfeet tents almost;will vote torepeal tbdr, , eral lawsmust not sleet..PLATFORMUDOBSBMIBT 01 MB. BATES.The Committee of the Missouri Oppoaijionparentbe or meSiu off^pl^^^EwJ^w ^^5?S"2Si nis^J^ciplesto redeem thesec S;iS„Jarm.i't.t^rSma^r^idStnvg^than from the corruption and Uw-aadnot e/en a Monun* legations, fntrqdoc^itativ«a,bwt'«BMi^of tbeS«nstOriU«»srtls.wmiMad*,the resolution submitted at Frankfort Oy Mr-slave eod«. If Kahaaa to make them. In their own secUon, as they have no to availablesubstitute.;existing"1 , j o „,k.TM.nj Vnwh.TMa,:? j defend Southern and Northern State aadV.ryrespectfully^ gIDDINGS. . 28.rivers and lakes sea, deserts plored, and savagejpassed 1,1854. MayBywlwfaeo,seaUalB-^domestic rights from John Brownlsm, csn- *^??** "»"< Slavery, twill not belp- anybody Merchants undersund these things, and hut for pol- within theinjured In parson, property thepartywhosoldtheliquor.Ifsoldcontraxyto.UK-V'•"•—sUonher. Let each do 88 it pleases. Wben Ulciana we should not hear of any attempts to divert fiiics aad by the potency of this Union recognize ;ACSOSA, UllnoU,comes I—will »d ptoin.jte her iiiteNsts better' than thefrom natural channels. As evidence that 1 oncht to know of what I write, I will add that I amto the eonelndon that Slaverytraiileaffiliate with allcroesed theof the Basin ss far as Hastings Pass Road, throughJA>a leged that the was the wife of one Rasa I^I Iti her her pana SHOS-JOBBER. MOVEMENTS IN OHIO.rightsonr RepubUc,—feelingownels*eeetliBrIWlUBa»«82,16«).:Con-tpt her. Whenevsr New-MeilcO tJO^, she must rep«ai it herself ; I wUIthen bore off to theto tha Humboldt River, which he stiuok at 'temperate man, and that80S, though cognisant of thetold him a plnt-of whisky on the 29th ofwith which he and In bis drunken fury Stopped IneosnpensaUoate"-'girBtlhnteUtru.«>of«CO,000. The'gets -^i.Po'li'i'tTventionbyCon- CHICA««vention, Feb. '20, reportedthefoUowinghabits ef har ^~'beTerritories is the plat- EkPtlBLlOAII PW»8mAJDI»—gMICHM Of BAIMIk. Aitnr«. DnOo one who Is an attentlive observerwas toCaptSnosOHijjs:^-t'why will not theSTmSm U SrS^Twlthnot more from the bitterness ofSenator to their toacmk^P Wtj W there not a man in Wbiole ptt$, ipMMl .'body or the House ofle. Zto^--'-^'^-''^'^:sr?->n^.i«o. In my last I stated thal-a -Umporaiy postponesunwhich n'ow hold. Uieopen to geographical, geological, sauces which no white Bun,sndMa dentals, and f^irmer o:- H.' ^pi„.|f,.partrlwsAsdftto tbeeonntry? i hMb*^^ Oovenor ofthatyonsaid,in nttkdiriphiaplatform. CBASswouldbeslectsi.1^««tW. PSBisLas,toIheeSectthatanyledimt.!'-3.i$Sii*S*--'. '-' -i*.'.•--»'A?^-*'-It *: JAJ*» *" . •i,<S^ si:-i^^'i^"'-^.'-' .A,-.-ya<tfhad over the Ter soveretgn pOwarany sends dlsualon mlaslanaries fromfibres*Hf t&«ir goTsmment, aul lli^ it was tbdaub U th« seiecUon of Ob^pN1».Stel» U^^wi^aldmMOiTetiiU ^oxioBi ooaMeAcr of SU^s, Camp feakailsbi^dor*. The next thing nwst UIMWII|H totb«l»Wt-goathsm fltsts whoState i0 0M*p pi««oUiif aravd r«ri«t«aef to U«SeHpeople ioold drive ihem.ttom power^ they noTd within 800 mi]es«friastsoe. ThU3iig^'Thomas M. Tryniski 309 South 4th Street Fulton New York 13069man, take an oathdeitructirecompelled to dseUnsthe decisions of the constitutedin obedienceauthoriiifs asment, substitute their own will for that of the Ohio was openly an Anti Slavery Party.thatCHASS wasno man can be called a'followed as a Qecet«bul are sole- they governedbut ! condainnMow, than those who though', they the j(/b&erE only, Ar all the boots and shoes bought In way for better men men who will drive and;;i|efforts of eiaigrant factureiB are no: reached, and caiuiot he, by any wlth- avert the impending sectional csotest aM spctetfe»«OispsOBte «*»"»»» ^^''^ ^'^^ ''>''" drawiU of trade from Noithero to Southern cities, asHm. Bb, iiiilpin>sl»liillsjlji";the "Greatof routes, (ISM.) gives the following«*aS^iMdtbspeopleofir«w-Meiicoa Free StateSlave Territory.dliltrencea. Slavery;direot andhl.-nGreatdlame.er11" mountains; con-t&cb^M^fway. Kanaia bas adojtodother wiU do pjtriotshave had the Morth iHust supply, so far as the shoe-traderepresen-BlATT DaMAOISThe l'ibans(Oblo) Otttsen publishes a ranKirt of a very interesting case lately tried m that placs aadsr;Ipublic agitation,;opposs Fugitive moreIs all the gtjods there sold concerned,Informauon 10° Lon.iBasin,andmay rfcst assured ttiat aftnougii Senator Masom and;:;youdescrlpUve Lat,our doctrines than by selecting candiJates anl in- and fl.MOb«t that Oov.Us own supremacy,1or SI.Mary's'1;ha^however, yon nay rest assorsd laISM TATua lost th* vote of ths Soon lost tt-not by the straagthh«s «»tMm, °uOnfttibuMdamandsdifiisrent institutions out-and-out Abolitionists, unless they held out eyes. In temperament, he is sanguine—amiable, up, cast it aside, toss it over. All they utter Is thatWaay,that I do not thinkuniformityParty, if successful, to abolish Slavery in the States as well as in the Territories of the Union.I know they tell us that all this is to be doneearly life, and has acetmiulated a large &mUy, for whose Buj^mrt moit of his time has been employed inlaw. He is a able reputed very lawyer,under the Constitution, as expounded by the Supreme Court, must not be Unpaired by the people of ths"of bis speech, and taking occasion to say that he is in favor of resisting the contioued domlnatloa of ths Democratic Party without compromise or concilia-some days ago in the Mtegraphcdninas of Uts rUOBt CANADA.^^j^nt-'fint finit of your Bepnblican dogmas. It any given clause is in violation of the Divine^-WBMker step, foUowing John Bbown, of the' conflict." Therefore, we now "IhHniiijaslljle — getlaw, The n.an who disobeys any ofi^ clause, on the pre-a statesman—nodoubt that the Republicans will refuse to go outside their own organization to select a candidate, or, if a candidate outside the be selected, hold histo attachment to herriHaaitr coinage of "Jabor States" he is on the Tcxi that it violates ihe Divine or on " law,no desertion of or of party ihey obf.oxious and expioded system of C jugresslonal dic- any tating unceitainty, principle, Cfefeat Lnevitiible. They say there are half a million,«M* tf the shoemakers—[laughter]—and capital i.ltier preHxr, violates his oath of office.of the Prince Ccn.^ort anrt such members of the Royalfamlly as It may please Her Majesty to attend heron the occasion.her values the aitacament.Mhjtsty deep-y to her oer-st-u. antj the loyalty to her which have In- crown,^SCHM^—be la against those that furnish the hides. ^^JlMUblil 1 I ihink those shoemakers will un-correspondenl ol the same paper dismisses one of our Nc-*-Vork memoers ofaccompanied by'^'dtSatWxinbmboeiness. Theyknowwhy•'At dn not so many orders asthe quiredalwayssuccessful, in:gHand thedomestic, upon the high seas, in our Territories andand ulterior design of our Federal Government, byto the extent of its constitnUonal sustaining, powers,the rights of all men to life, liberty and happiness ;" leaving the institution of Slavery entirely witn the StatesInwhichitezists. Nomanwhodeniestothethey /-'Maittbatga. itianotconfinedtotheshoemakersDid theIs all duced this aodress, and I am commawSed to-y^to-day.?^3t leaches every mechanic's shop and every fac- 'District of Coium'oia—who will in the not,The Nashville (Tenn.) Saaa^r indicates its dis-If an interest is feltand cmtemment of her subjects tn that Importantit is that did a lewBar,docs not stand;assure theLegislature, through you, bow live-according to the Constitutionpracticingthey would not snd at the head of the St Louis Bar. He Is said to"perty to the Republican Party as to the Democraticasaviolate the Constitution so far ss the Con-ofTtslt of the Prteee of Wales, Burning ef the Heaee of Hie the OeTemar-Gcneral, &e., dbeiCorretpcTidenee of tke NewTori Tiaut. Quaaso, Tossday. Fe^except — stitution violates the law of God— ia all andhave emancipated hii slaves, and to bethoroughlyand left thetical aspects, slaveholder's abstractOpenlBftbe ProTlaelnlreiflBiet "Blig iclauseoftheConstitutionproperty in slaves is in violation of the Bivine law,i;ourt saw fit toforthwith drop It. And they must see that while theinterpretation~" We willrights under the Constitution as we explain it I"The Provincial Parliament wasopenedtUs^good tnanj^yesrs to coin that phrase and other msti has said, all that the most eloquentyearsvention, at Chicago. In pollti<^, Mr. Batis may be and party hostility to it. Let ^lavery and slavehold-;tsto iMiB. rhave heard him discuss thesetlKories of ills for the last ten years, I and the ol thiswith referetce to Slavery. Cease all party devotionA I never heard of capital States and labor jbeiMe. It strikes me that somettiing hasglorious Union, I fullygenerally defined as a Whig jUiti-Slavery Westerners alone,withoutpartisan bolstering or intermed-meetingin&c, ad lititym. All this oceapteiL • quartersofanhour. AfterItwas.tkeTi^tongue can ever utter, in behalf of the blessingsfor tbe Democratic candidate.""the bar of the Lords," bowing and sei^ilagef sK^advantagesindorse. Bitstill.Sir,1ampreparedtosay,that the Union is glorious only when the ConstitutionAt a recent Democraticdling. Let there be no more party talk, either of S. C, an address was read and adopted la favor ofSir,;of being a little reserved; but his conversation Is <jM**«ns«ted a strife between the N'orth and (be it or dislike it. Your oath to the Consti- cheerful, and his smile very attractive. His tempera-prefer sectionalun- domlu-^r.'if'-JWtttreiaon,by your sectional agitation, youevery clause of that Constitution, whether you liketothePresidentialelection. thatclassofmen conditionalsubmi^tiontoa Among-" jBMQr-*-bave driven away your Southern custom- supporttution binds you to every line, word and syllablenot — being nervous asthere exists no douht that the Republicans wlil electandpurelysocially hostile to them.";slave-pro-and with that Constitution, they turn tohas never seenThe Washington correspondent of the Edgefieldgive youallyourday tVi.nsasI, Leave the "exlstltig territorial policy alone. Only and that If the South coruentt to his nomlnatlo$«he banging of guns, cheering by the mob, panda ef Uktsince presided over the River and Harbor Con- more Federal management or acquisition of territory hard fight to carry Tennessee, Kentucky and Missouri monlng of the Commons, ruth of the las^namattir:-''^^1buttk^rtfi^diifeB your employes to starvation. This of the instrument. You have no right to say that many sanguine persons are—he is calm, and unmoved the Republican doctrines avowed at Philadelphia inand that, therefore, )0U will not observe it.actforBut, Sir. what a commentary is this pretext tliat the Constitution is a violation of the Divine law,M and h.« ac- pohticsyJhe was In 1840 a Whig, and a member of the City Council of CinclnnatL But In 1842-3 he, with Senator Krao, ofcaits, who will, under no circumstances, cast their votes (or any who, by his past life or present avovvtiU.lo lelieve the Ft-Jeial Govern-those lathers whose revolutionarypledeed nienl peopleHoBACK F. Clakk isnearlvused'Ho. He isuponwt hive heard hereeulogies framers of that instrument Irame a Constitution in violationof the Free States from thecrime of sustaining the Slave trade, both foreign and he is."of the law of God? If so, how do con- yourthe'graciouslyby Queenthatto Federal—must be resisted and overthrownthe people are tocryhlsoountrr- Nevada towards Ihe soutn, retu rned to the Winter cniifldeflng himself at liberty to give a formal sad1and and conservators of these and will never desert Uf priceless ensign of secession, or Southern Confederation wouKnot remedy any evil BKiaWAKS—P««»WlM01*-IliniAllA— exlatiDgorforeboded,butaggrWttethemaladyand.pntforth atChicago, will defeatanycandi-Rai and Lahab, of Mississippi, either deprecate itsIs la Itself a party. luf-of^a dS«m,ScOsCTgiaornents of Buohanlerlsm, fromat ths BilWsi SMh ofbeat fsund aad ussfel,hasCompany tnnsisned Us stock, salmall on his more Northsm, ar ostwariber of cmigraals and severalbut errmenooDUnotstsod. ThereUs nsltel^ wUlJi the Vatisd IParty,Platioim on whichare a !»»« number"^oarepleasure~»soede,therebyunwavering conasrvatism. sMUty and soundsuccessfullyobjectiontohim,)short,to the there Is litde doubt. But did Whigs,politics,In while tney stek no change of doc- power,over to California, and turning the Sierra ol BouMViuj In the Wnhtatch Mountains,mostpur>i|i^ eif.res>ion of his feelingssay eaadldate whottaUwB of>Hhm.sadaneossslty p,eople. "lood that Is all of any genUemen oufht to be told a ThereUamuohlugernumberopposed:snd profligate eztiavaganceon flws found.odaat. I'tsA to t ~InaiUng Taria and putting out Democrats an alto-theythe JlepubUcsnThefo the extensionbut sltherofthemmustgoontotheKepobllcsnPlatform If ha expeets the vote of Ohio or any of Uie Northwest-ultra Southernsuch radical riews to be at war vrith thestates. The successful candidate at Chicago (to beenbe sneeessfUl) must be an AnU-Slavery, Tsjiflfman. and make oppositionIn order that there may be no bar to any conservative aomlnatlon whatever, the Delegates from Ohio and Indiana haveleft unlnttructed and unpledged. Some of them, like Gov. Coswis, belong to the Con-it wUlbe seen tkst.so Cat taa tt*lervatlve school;but nine-tenthsthe whole ofsources of the vast domainalone has uncultivated tracts enough for all the slave we know of no roan eoaredividedInThe nomination of Mr. Buss is strongly urged byfill thattotnM crnsti ta Instances with pine, baltun, spmee, and whitbe may be nominated, but certainly will nnderstandlngroutes for emigrantsbut also demonacrata ths;favor 4t.not be without the full consent and fair even of nitra Republicans.fend it in all places where it already exists, and Its folds determined that so far as we are ;ticabilitv of carrying the electric telecnwh con- ''i 'ofPlatform. Indianatbe eminent men whose names have been mentioaed eontmy already hers. Arkansas In coimecUon with the highest office In the gift of the sected t^ numerous ranges of MoaabUas,convince politicians that thereof the Free States the same to beright entirelyM^iesty feels that hrr duties at the seat of the Empire prevent':of Slavery ? When, in a few years after, tJie Antl-Slavery Party polled 50,000 votes in Ohio, politicians were compelled to pay more atlendoo to tU For yearp the Democratic Party embodied the entire creed of the Republicans, in theiraunual resolutions, and only abandoned them when the Democrats became, as they BOW are, the mere tall of the Southern Oligarchy.peoplesupport him in preference to any nominee who may be presented bythe sectlonai Convention at Charleston."The Eichmoud (Va.)gPiamtBer urges the nomi-It was at that period, when the^emocratlc Partyany changelightened statesmanship,impelled byWaltstn Herwhenlaid the whole Democralg^t the feet of Southern sayWe willCynstitmionaserponnnedt)y ourselves,butnot'' *Mr. Prffident, I. shall not occupy further lime rii'glrtg the lr«sin of Liberty, and calling the people acter,under the btassee in the factories. I come from « as expounded by the trinunal created for that pur-*'niemoratile day,Dddolas, bybill,Route for ahe discussion of thisiioi intend to utter a wordand leave theI did from the slumber Into which the opiates of Party had partyto disband and reorganize.27, expressedin1questiim t0:night."Slavery, repealed the Missouri Compromise, aad ex- supporting'Waltonto Caliroraand disloyalthat the doctrines of the Republican Parly unless a candidate be nomiuatedon the and—the Slavery question out bf party politicspartysupport the Republican faith, they the ooc-zt-rsoi G.asgowtoforshould be permu- set forth In their Slate at the baptismal font offor the country's sake, waive. Ignore and abjure seetioasiBasin." tn a Fssnosr,confinewhile editors, poUtieiani andfor our cause by upholding and^promulgatmgIssues aqd bobblsa attantion to national mteresta looking either to the repeal of the"elevation above the sea, between 4,000AAOAUST LlQTOK-IH-tgK-—respectersthat^^S^on,"destroy the paUent, and be tha most guUty and ier-rifle ton* of nattoaal suicide."Owipg to the national toae of the qieeehes, ad--dreiaes and reaolutloas of the S.eota«ky and Teaass-It have beensee OpposlUoolsts, would SQperflaous,(besides unnecessarily oOeBSlra to South Carolina,)toCapt BICIWITB, in 1854, platform of the Humboldt tangs, butupper portionIn In* present cause, the plalatf,adoptrtettors of Uw feU spirit of;« Se mSs dls-i,V. _Untitled Document;bygenius of our Government, and subversive of theInventer, oven Wn. H. Sswxss, bafors a Carolina,AldassB sscesslanisLTeaaeaaee and Kentucxy, and all Sootham oppo-4.expanslanof thsr^the Continent—to aid In tbe estahUsbmsntef Hon. K. Batbu pi£ihU;hea a letter in the Korth a bill hat already been introdnced Qita the I repeat, then, what I have often the hope that it was the mission of the Bepubtican with much ban hommie. Be removed to St. Louis in the individual rights of citizens of the United States Carolina Stemdari, correcting some errors In a report Sutea Senate. The perHeular provMoia apS^.^runuverrons. Inof Coneress "M,Mr.hasnot been much known. He was In Congress from to protect, prohibit or remit goes on, the squatters"form1627 to 1829—succeeding Jobs Soon, who gave the how they please. What, then, is their stand! Astemperamentno rash movements, no trembling anxiety, up hesi-despondency,unwaveritigNoiih AiTbrica upon the occasion of therule,Fed-forming the peoplewith ths and oases which nave nerer been ex-;to hear from the Upa of Ihs"Partyterms of commendation of Hon. 1^. W. Davis of Mary-opposed histo the traffic I trust healwaysand studiea attempts of the party now Indenypossibilityofsuch a thing whileance, doubt, mist, subject—"and that if there is any Abolitionism about vhlm, hestronger by His Excellency in person. There wasStates. It has taken that of our Union. All that he has said, all thu any twice been offered a seat In the Cabinet, and a few extend It to all cases as they arise. Let there be no will be the candidate." He thinks tt " will require a tary, ascent of the throne in ths Upper HiniSi,-w ^by Sfiscn Pims, killed in a duel. He has once orrepresented truly by hisotscotred ap in New-Gogland that makes is preserved inviolate. He eulogized the Union. friends, it Is just to blm to say, that he has neverput everywhere or any where, by Federal party means. sending delegatesthreeperhaps tontnp a question between capital and himself forward in political life, and bears, in the The conseivaiive North may well unite with the ponvention, as the best means of securing the adop- mbiutes. Mr.I, too, am lor the Unioni take the side of the numbers against the but siill, what is the Union worth, unless the Con- West, an irreproachable character. That he is a man conservative South on this national ground.Bsnwa,thelesderofUieoppositiaa,aar^ tion of proper principles, and foiling any attempt pounced h.s intendos to move that the present rela> ^— --We have seen some accounts in the news-and maintained inviolate inof genius, or an accomplished statesman, cannot be pretended.Governor Cbask is a native of New-Harapshire studied law in the office of the celebrated WilliamPONTIAC. MR.GlDDING'SONTHEPRESIDENCY.that may be made to deprive the South of its rights.Upper and Lower Canada are tmsatlsfactaTy, tlon^,^ 'ef eombinstions and 'strikes shoemakers in the towns thereThe Senator has a new wordpreservedThe adtlress states that "understood than that theStates constitute, for all practical purposes, the^De-namong —theplainer or betterand th^tthe union t>etween them should betight Legielatiselaborthe. Union-lovingsenti-; I indorse the eulogies;stitution isall iisprovisionsments ol those who will not carry out the Con-?I have no faith innothingdissotveii;warring against it or of extending and protecting it fromtheState:While editors and letter-writers aretie.And th^Maker read from his chair an aBS«%.and that no cons'itutional right orfessions of hiielity to the Union will be taken for Cincinnati about thirty years since. In person, Mr. and which cannot be elected, if placed in nomination, princfple whiVh they unite in demanding can be Ig- of the Prince of Wales. This, as being interastlab. -stituiion ingoodfaith, as our fathers madeit. Pro-^\IBT,intheDistrictofColumbia;and removed to;to the addressnaught, unless ihey are accompanied by obedience Chask is the most (ligDlfied and commandingof either 1 desire to express my opinion also. nored or refused." It is con>ldere.l Important there- both from ttie fact it announces, and the very courte-%' ^^^Aak.'pradaeed that strike among the joumey- to the Constitution upon which the Union rests. of the candidates of eitherwell Since the ll-th of November I have traveled in fore, that delegates from Siuthem States shoull be ousnow re-'^^<A|e«#tothe starvation point? Simply because, thatv^hich suits the of the but presklon. Being near-sighted, he has the appearance perfectly free to converse with me where Ihave been,present to insist their uponrights.de-He islormed, with a fine head and bust, and a frank ez-in whichAs the two Houses of the Canadianandsnd appeared anxious to express theirvlews in regardto avow his adherence to them that iandan elevatedormodification of those doctrines will be to the same patriotism.a sectionnl commotion in this coun- dalle without principles, who, when be comes unequaledthis aodress has and may become proceeded,try. without maintaining Republican doctrioes,Feb. In view of the interest wh'ichhas beenof it They say they vnU not be and I should not have cast them. It was not the power numbers, butTyLerized,''^Tney aretry.I have ths honor to Sir, be.tie made theBirim.ae>-4«nsnat speaking at all of the from New-York had not made a broad arraign- pelling and destroying the infiueuce of Slavery, They feel indignant at hearing any man who stands Corps Topographical Engineers, from Camp Floyd To the Governor-General, The Right Hoa. 81i& »imaking Presidents,dupesradical." They sayNew-Tork has also referred toptactiottof the people ofXew-Mexico, that Ihe houorable Senator is mistnformed. If hatDECISIOB " IQKOBXD. etn—pondtiue qf Uu Ntts-York Timtt,For menAngelos. The project was approved by the Hon.of War, and Capt S., with a party 63 men, Floyd May 2, 1859, in prosecution of the and by the 5th of August following the partyof the advocates of free '.l&nsaa. He could not fail, how-In Frankfort and Nashville, on the 22d, Oppo- Republican electors who will not attend an electionbeingwas totallv destroyed. Now only, hie thv flumes expiring.at aboutIand as acooiequence many to render our State doubtful. These men are actu- miles nearer from Camp Floyd than the old traveled |Wednssday, the strike of ttierepresented shoe- Qiskers for increased wages to the withdrawal ofSouitern trade from the North. Permit me to<are butprinciple they would sacrifice life itself. Among thealliening shoes in New-England has for several years, on an average, rewarded labor t)etter than many otherpurelyLoniBviLLB, Ky., Friday, Feb. 24, 1880.'<Iprojectreturned to Camp Floyd,readytwo new commenced to bum. ItblazMl for •eversisubject, was successful,but In re-of wire-workers or office-seekers.mtSfi$itUti^t!litt!mn.Tahj of labor growing up was m"ttJ»>iillBHhW*ilBam»fac(tiririg towns, as a legiti- knows that I brought 'orwird and helped to carry came Governor of Ohio, and for four years has pre- one be conservative, all are conservative.mtlWiuMl' consequeoce of the diminutionofthat office. He Is again reelected to the Senate, and a certain man has emancipated his slaves, and Ispublication.It appears that Capt- SiMPSoif, when at Camp Floyd-^iac44he,Soi<llu»n trade away Irum Nopthernsanction it evenbytacitacquiescence.people Slavery fwas approved, a programme of explorations, west taken to represent properlyto Her_ Majesty's Corses' 'c.j.iSoutheia inwns and Southern ci'ies ?from Camp Floyd directly across the " Great Basin" ment the position and claims of Canada wlttt nstaut ence to the postal substdles grmatad toooaaaata^^the mssses of the South, we ^.dress of the Senator from Vir-are determined to wear own productions rather thanThey regard the proposition to take a candidatewhose doctrines are not fully known, or known to beiri^favor of extending Slavery by admitting more to California, tbe object being to get, if possible, a eis." The other points in it are of merely;^^0BgMR. DOCGLAS AND THE. SHOEMAKERS. lb (Ae Editor of the iVntt- York Times :i^theyThat is the feeling which tor DouoLAB. made onSlaveStatesgivingthe slaveholders of suchState, short and practicable wagon route to California, which would avoid the detour of the old road, by way^immediately responsible. Everybody thetofui negotiations "carried on by tbe Poetaaiter-Oea~ eral fur securiig the transnoisslon through Canada oflhroui;h the Kxnaas-Nebraska act, and that I wassented thefinestexampledignityNor will they patientlysubject cannot but admit the importanes of hlsmoiives, and approve of his reserve, and, at the lime, adn.ire his discretion, so necessaryla'tttgreat principles, than to elect aRead Corruponden^ of the yew- York TimM.this Empire wijof visiiing that portion of her dotainions from walchnot Inif not ended in 1880, wiU be ended in upon the Republican doctrines stigmatized as a west to Califoruia, I have procured some facts fromfofever " 1864. The end may not t>e now, but Is as Inevitable asW. HsAB, Bartdecrees of Fate. From the Chass be- poliacalfallh—if one be radical, all are radical; if authentic sources, Senate,and conduct to iodign-ation when it is said that They express equalandIMB^ieatiaais, what.eause has reduced this active in support of the Compromise measures of will again confront the Southern Oligarchy with a iherefote a suitable candidate. Thev ask, at once, U In the Winter of 1858-59, proposed to the War De- a large portion of the correspondence between Eu-rdNnaiatjfer the manCtactured article ;nd, except the " iriepressiile conflict" that 1850 I have heard bad faith attached to the Dem- firmness which knows no yielding, and a principle he a Rtpublican ? Will he endeavor to emancipate the Gen, JoHHBiON,by whom the project and Ameiica," and said that " care has beenocratic Party lor that act too long to be willing towhich knows no Of him It may be said: compromise.**Ju9tum tt tenarrm propotUi virum."A VETERAN OBSERVER.SOUTHERN CONSERVATISM.IHI KKSIUCKY AHlATUIMaSSKS OPPOSIIIOW CON- yXNTIOM—HOBTHIBM OB SOCTBIRS JOHN BB0WKI8V, SECISSrOH, ARD TBI fOBIIOiCof the Free States from the despotism of partment,through ropeIn the telegraphic report of the speech of Sena-vited the Speakers of both Bouses and a ao^iar ef-of the Humboldt River, and the southern (letoar on members to dine with him at Speaeer Wood, Ui 'be is New-England" SLATX-TBADa COHDIlUIID THX DBXD SCOTTing freemen possess,insult 10 the Intelligence and self-respect of the Re-:|too have become sition State Conventions were held for appointing if a doubtful man be nominated—more than lufficleat wagonroutes toGenoa,'t«idar to preaore what he thought pursuits,jf'^Dtiateais, that Popular Sovereignty shoemakers. Last lear the quantity of shoes made Presidential electors and del^ates to their National sled by religious principle, and will not by their vote route by the City of Rocks and Hcioitioldt River, an!Koixulb on Ihe Hungarian Crisis, fjum iht Gliis^-w .fjatl.We uniVrsiand ihai M. Koi'scTH has written a private l<-llir U> Hs.vHY DCM-'^T, Esq., of Cralgtoa, Chairri.Hi, OI the late meeting In Glasgow to express .raeaot State Sovereignty in Missouri. prolmbly exceeded largely that of any previous. The Convention, recommendbig as the candidate of the aid in the election of any man who vrili to any extent ifiom Great Salt Lake City 236 miles nearer.The Great Basin had been atleinpied by a partyPopular Sovereignty in Kansas was result vas plain to all who were aware of the qaaatltyBxLi,, snd re-prostitute the powers o( Gavemtuent to the stippurtcase in Indiana and lUi- nois. By that policy »e should drive from u» uexnydown combination in of leaiher jold—there was an over-production—andUnion and People's Partyassuring the country of their deletion to the ConsU-j.by unholy — New-Bng-I,sent outBom<ivills in 1633, but their suffering be- so immi-CsinaKS^or 4of Slavery, buch is also thethe whole ol the Cerinaii vote. They are as relldble came so great, and the danger of perishing—for every hundred slaves thev profess to own, the same Influence over our national aftjd commercial In- terests which sixty of our educated and llberty-lov-locally:,terestAfter the proeeedings of the day, tha Oovenar t*^Freeodists, the Quakers, the New School Presbyterians,and the denominations of Ohio, there are religiousrather remain subjectted to suflTer unill they can be instructed inI'^S^fSMSalputycharacter of thi -i^eddedthect BUslUe.JTkekCatutJ;until they shall understani the that the people will take the sub-In the reverse order. In their ex- to and from California, and both Of greatplorations detours avoided note on his mapand instrucUve statementof thepteseatooBal-to thenow In tuau powerkno-«r that M.Koasoiai lo avnil himi-elf of the inviutton to revitft ( 'It is my opinion a ject Into their own hands— wlU nominate tative man, and when nominated, will elect;listen to the supportargumentcommit atiaveisedStales atmosthdoooscAiaaoaagainstthenation.TbaywUlItWr^enndaornebled 1.TotheenormooseorrapflonDred Scottment l8by sudden emotions. In other words, he has the ex- 1776, and repeated tn 1656. Nor have they any less Regiittr denounces the recent attempt of the Demo- audress ihe legislative Council and Commoas ofsanguinealso;their candidate, provided he stands out boldly uponduly presentedto the HerQueen, Majesty.andwasIfriends. In religion, he is a professed Christian, of of voters among the most ardent and active Republi- tation. The New-Yorktht Great Victoria Bridge,openingthat most conservative Church—the Eaiscooil.he hasa moderatebeen independence,Cchgttr.'-s afier Ihis curt ftishion"pretlva fon-in-law of- Commouore VASDsaoai. ThatQueen la the ^^jUfT- All the large laboring establishments of the sciences allow you to take the oath of office? If Trumbull Cotmty, the late Samuxl Lkwis of Cincin- words of our platform, carry out " the primary object position to support Judge Batss for the Presidency growing piosperity of Canada, in tha welfitrafee) the ,,^-Jlullk pressureproduced the doctrine byconflict." Thisnewcoin-the Senator from New-York still holds to his dec- nati,and others of earnest formed Anti-Slavery men,shuuld begrounds. Itapproveshissentimentssofarasknown gigtntlcwork,whichisafiningtvpeorthesneeees<fui industry of the people. It is. therefore, wltoste.-:^I4ia»unless henominatedupon sectlonaiProvince of her antOn the of Empire, completlan thein lliebythat who hesitatesthe Meth- left WesleyanCampFebOFTHEMISSOURIOPPOSITION. ordescribed."tribes which do traveler has ssensoppeitL by an intoxicated person, has a right of acUon s»ilai|.xag- princlp!e.:_Whllst_we^tahreeejviolst^wdhi.cghot,her5eatenusin ierale theeharacterof ofnorthwestthe future, that the heart of ....in.nvivts can fsU to perceivethe dr«wi of impendbig«UrecU the power go^erameat, »/ <»««^SSlTfutioBtoDemetBala t^,^*?^''.-~ iiiM- «^'4 v^ » t.-- - •t"».r;Wasbimotos, Monday,honest, they seek no office, and declare they will not in the late reconnolssance of Capt. I. H. Siapsos,|iM« ta4 lbs. eaCinwineat of tbc WiadIW eintt Of fovrtssK weiBita t-m,'Southern State. There hnsoaaitT and shocUnc barbarity Involved In tha WtectloB fSroai the -*Aras^i (liniiiseHriiSsympathizer! everris still a general Southern aversion to it.Gov, Was, and Buchaaier Democrats like HtLss andBoBBAH, of South Carolina, Cobb, of Alabama, Mo- idency in the regular and constitutional moie, ooked Ibrwlth great i»uni,aenr"'high places that the elevation to the Pres-CapL BoDsaa'a eoadnf nmdyiflkialwayswillSouthern Douglas men, artfully' managed platforms, with their doublebeautiful pMtes,li tbe army tn Its pneeneS intUwELinstead of must increasing,tablished. Slavery,tarily diminish its borders, and, after a certainwlihlengthof time, be extinguished. Slaveholders, for the pres- the breeze,Republic, and,daygood governmentmshogany." Indeed; these reconnolssances evolved t«o4mnOrtaat <nnow quite manifest to the Kentucky Opposition, Theyhas gma at laK'aboutIt Intheir newplatform. They towerlig position" of last SummerofpetDs to the project of an ererlsiBl lelegis|>Inscribed our uponwe this the friends ofthrow<S. C.)saysUnion,the Democrats of the Sou'hit to"dlapatehof bastAdvertiterthat DocoLAS willleaders, believing the prevalence of spirit andbethan any other man In the Charleston Convention,lon that isThe Washingtoncratic Senators to lay down a party piatfbrm as an—unwarrantable usurpation, as teoaiiig to revive ttiepoliticallycorrespondentIn receive In pa^to theunder the auspices of a thoroughly autl sectional andSecretaryit,;hours sad midnightOguen'ssame routes, onlywhea shSinlMII Wsus'lMeadows.Of course, Ihis Icrra lacogmtaviolation oflaw,which~ ring this dispatch. Then it alluded to the sneesasi. - .He In speaks highoftheMobile mostofare in advance the officialExcellency commenead by tatewthe resultthe shortest of which is 332which bavrfno coimectionthis section, the guardian, eraprayer or other personLossen'sone of great iatarest, not only on the score of its beingIethmdogloal had ever been sacesssfiil In^attemMlBg, tal-slBo be-ss ha stated in his projest of esgloprtiMi t» Ike Secntary of War, he believed that he. wimid bs sniv.cause,uSoTfm»yofthemORfolTi^'»"»«.?Vi.« oesiAlInftndlBfawagonrootewMAweoUtarlBC andafterasi'"*^''*-|--'Tt/ T'v - '-' i1890.|iI\ I 'the defendant,IW tltsfcsaeca w^saJ.Ii.ii IIIill iiiiiiil nil III will iittiiiill.-,tbe officials, dsc ,Ispeople of the Southern substitutl^^.eleose Federal for the:routs.AnInvperennial sBtiresma,cedar, his name the Mormons call " mountainand oa the'receivedCaiiada the earnestly prayson Ihe tribute ofai'd lo honor with her presence her subjects In Britishisrooipliance Hllfi this loyal invitation. Herwith an earnestthe utmost of ber power her warm appreclatio&Jof ttte afiTectionale loyalty of her Canaman subjects, ths Queen commands me to express her hope that, when the time for tbe opening of tha Bridge Is fixed. It may be possible for His Royal Highness the Prtnee mThe of His speet^hbad conferred weighty"»'*'^ '^;~- ^-••-t^''— "^^"^*"'''-.-www.fultonhistory.com 