 ¥.*\wore issued in Latin, the magistrates interpreted and applied, them in Latin, and alt official inter- course was carried on in Latin. Every official, ao- cordiDgly, learned the language of the court, aad many of the people cultivated it, and the literature in which it was embodied. The priests performed their worship, the professors taught their sciencesspeech on Footys resolution to be seventy-five per cent; in Washington Irving's Stout Gentleman, eighty-five per cent; in Macaulay's Essay on Lord Bacon, seventy-five per cent; in Chauning's Easny on Milton, seventy-five per cent; in the ninth chap- ter of Prescott's Philip II., aeyen^seven per cent; in Bancroft's description of the#att'(e of Banker Hill, eeventy-eight per cent; in Bryant's Death of the Flowers, ninety-t wo per cent; and in Longfel-ated syllables—in all these cases a real service is rendered to the public and to literature.& Co —he of the many Lcxicona—by which alo&s these more than Sphinxian riddles can be read.—A remarkable instance of tbe rising appreciation efLmiwere created at Vienne, Toulouse, and Aries; a taste for literature was imbibed by many opulent Gallic families; famous teachers were procured from distant cities; and multitudes of youth were enticed by the dePghts of study from the excite- ments of the chase and of war. The culture of the Romans, from the first, found a lively sympathy among the people of Gaul. They were early ad- dicted to the refinements of speech; the love of dis-admitted to the prospect of sharing her suffering*. \ At last, when she was dragged forth to final execution, on the recurrence of the great festival games which Caligula had instituted on the banks of the Rhone, she met her death, by the horns and feet of a furious wild animal, " like one invited to a wedding banquet." She was "the last to die, but her name became the first in ihe roll of those saints whom the pious gratitude of the Gallic Church has since raised to the s&ies.From Lyons the Christians fled to Vienne, to Autun, and to Chalons, whither persecution followed them; hut the new faith could not be extinguished by thecise in the composition of this volume. Re markablealike for its affluent and appropriate erudition, forits comprehensive grasp of the principles of society, all other careB let he slyde;" the disconsolatehis excellent taste and skill in composition enable him to reproduce it in a popular form.. mtilli»wholly vanquished; if the mass of the people still were organized in different corporations; there clung to it, Ja the silence of their cabins, or amid thesolitudes of the hills; if for senturies yet we shall hsa- were colleges of carpenters, masons, smiths, me-lts receding footsteps, as it withdraws gradually into chanicians, workers in marble, gold, and brass, ofwill be followed by otherr, forming a series of hand- and a mastery of his position which is evidently the books, on the most important garden vegetables.>!t>»iH0M$0*m WEsUpiv^r"7ture ofsnch a work permits, will be complete in it-l a the volume now issued, the history of ancientwell knew, in order to induce them to retract their confessions or to accuse their fellows. Some relapsed under the severity of the inflictions, but the majority of the confessors stood firm. A man df rank and wealth, Vettius Apagathus, who came forward to de- fend them, being himself denounced as a Christian,mmortalized their names (a thing scarcely to ba ex- pected in our generation), nothing can affect the value of this great treasure-house of information respecting the anoient world. . «vitality is sapped, and that it is destined to be mor^ and more absorbed in the life of the new faith. Gau1 was no longer the chosen home of the Druids, for Gaul herself was collapsing rapidly in the powerful grasp of Rome- Her inhabitants, proud and hery, will from time to time renew the painful struggle against the in- vader; by incessant revolts they will continue to pro- test against his domination, and keep alive the tradi- tion ox their ancient freedom; bat they will exist no more for us as independent races. The old battles of the clans are already fongbt out; the fires are dying upon the hearth-stor.es of the chiefs; and soon their very language, lingering with sad regrets among themark their plebeian origin, they were compelled to adopt patrons among the great or richer classes; the prices of their products and the rates of their wages were determined by law- they found a ruin- ous competition in the public factories maiutained by the government, and in the labor of slaves, with whom they would often have been glad to exchange places, though even that dismal boon was prohibited by law.The small possessors in the country were few in number and wretched in condition. Property was in the hands of the principal chiefs. The cultiva- tors of the soil, for the most part, were either slaves, or bondmen, or small holders who worked on shares with their lords. They were often op-pressed by the chieftains, who • wasted the sub- stance of their: fpllowers by turbulent wars and riotous living. Y et they lived together, in a certain rude fellowship on the estate, till the influence of Boman manners corrupted the habits of the lords. They became tared of the simplicity of country life, left their rural homes for the cities, and lavished the products of their domains in showy and expensive luxury. The ties between the different classes were thus broken. The chieftain became an abientee and an aristocrat, and his prodigalities increased the burdens of his tenants, till there was scarcely a difference between them and the slaves.The upper classes, on the other hand, were usually enormously rich, and devoted to a sump- tuous and idle indulgence. They alternated their time between their city palaces and their country villas, constructed in the Roman fashion, amid the grand or picturesque scenes of nature. In the cities, they indulged in the luxurious and magnifi-and Original Letters. Collected bj Prof. &. H. De 8chaberu TramJuied from the French. 12mo., pp. 3SL Charloi ScribBer.Republic: A Review of some of the Salient Points in its Hisiory;" by Horace Moule. All to appear^ in the present month.I ». echoes of the mountains or the wild murmurs of the I rough Breton cliffs, will be transmuted into a strangevariety, and beauty of our mother tongue. Mr. Marsh of the comparatively recent intro- ness and fortitude. The present volume contains an Thigallia, in Arcadia," in one imperial folio volume. The number of English words, it is stated by Mr. duction of words, which have already attained the interesting memoir of her life, with a series of personal It is more than thirty years since this work wasi speech.\ Yet the vigorous characteristics impressed upon the ii: race by the eternal hand of Nature will prove them- selves indelible: the Italian, the Spaniard, the Ger- man, the Scandinavian, may mingle his blood with that| of the Gaul; eighteen centuries of vicissitude, of war and change, will pass over him; and after all we shall •ff • be able to recognize in his descendants, occupying his ancient places, the same genius which once taaght elo-quence to Cicero, and disputed victory with Caesar. ]|i- Gaol fades in the light of the more gairish day of the Empire; but, as her planet pales, and the rising orb seems to fill the world with its splendor, history % i notes that on her frontiers the Germans are blowing a i- clamorous salute upon their ox horns, while alar off, in an obscure and despised province of the East, the morning stars announce the birth of a child " whosename they called Jzsos."' The introduction of Christianity into Gaul is de- scribed with graphic brilliancy of delineation in one of the most striking passages of the present volume.The new and divine doctrine revealed by Jesus of Naz*reth had been more easily propagated among the Jewish synagogues and Grecian schools than in the silent fores* of the west of Europe. The labors and sufferings of a century had produced it an obscureestablishment in ItaJy and Spain, and brought it in 1•rI iii • •I;:. : : :iI -•"It'I.tmw ij %v'SaBE1Iifirst announced, and its appearance has been awaited usage by correct' writers and speakers, including The word coincide,.for example, and its derivative a cordial welcome in American literature, and cannot with anxiety as necossary to complete our thoroughthe nomenclature of science and the arts, does not noun, coincidence, can scarcely claim the character fail to be read with satijfaction and profit. knowledge of the highest remains of Grecian classical art. Mr. Cockerell was among the earliest explorersprobably fall short of one hundred thousand. Few of old settlers, which we should be apt to ascribe to HOW TO LIVE; Or, DOMKHTICECONOMY. niuitratocL By of this field, and one of the party who discovered theBSgaBBS*•,•:•••'.,••.•..sac<TTi — ij Tiiii; fjWPl i• WM **WtiirrnrmwrntiKgwqmpqm***mBf*?*% saasw*^"ya»y a^8j^m^ff^w<w*y>«< »');••• » : < m n p i » i i i i | i i . n i i . i f f • • - •^.^tV •.'*y '*'•""•'•*"-""•ww—fr-'—^T*-Gaul, to the death of Chsrlemagne. II. FeudalFrance, closing with St. Louis. HI- France, dur-ing the national, civil, and religious wars. IV.Tfce tfaree great Ministers, SuBy, Mazarin, Rich-efiea. V, The reign of Louis XIV. VL TheEighteenth Century. Each of these periods will betreated in a single volume, which, as far as the na- all tboee horrible methods which Boman barbaritvGaul is related under the divisions of Primitive Gaul,Soman Gaul, Bcman-German Gaul, and German eagerly avowed the offense. Many perished in theforce. The grammarians were mostly pedants, .critics, annptatora, and compilers, far more arid than a modern German professor, but with a slight portion of his learning and industry. The atmos- phere of despotism was fatal to genius; a decrepit and corrupt society retained no relish for truth and nobleness of thought; and the general mind, with- out the excitement of hope, lost all motive for loftyendeavor.W e will not follow Mr. Godwin through his mas- terly delineation of the fortunes of Gaul after the downfall of the Roman empire, and the establish- ment of the German rule over the nations of Europe. We have only to congratulate him on the brilliant commencement of a work, to which he has devoted the studies of years, and which is evidently intended as the crowning labor of his life. The reputationwhich he has honestly earned from the public, by his various elegant and substantial contributions to the cause of earnest thought and sound knowledge, has here found a monument worthy of his genius and culture. His artistic skill in the grouping of events and personages, his deep philosophical in-sight, his wide range of learning, his power of pic-the position in which Milton was artificially. The stock of words they profess contains more Latin than Saxon element*; but the dialect which they use from preference is in much the largest propor- tion, home-born English. Had words of Latin and French etymologf been proportionally as nameroos in the time of Johnson and of GibS6n, as they now are, those authors instead of employing twenty- eight or thirty percentof such words, would'scarce- ly have contented themselves with less than fifty.The revolutions in the use of words present aninteresting feature ,of their history. One of themost common examples of the change in our vocab-ulary is the conversion of words which were onoerefined, elegant, and even solemn, into those whichsuggests only trivial, vulgar, or ludicrous thoughtsand images. Spenser, for iastance, in speaking ofan encounter between two armie3 or single knights,. —Lord Carlisle relates a characteristic instance of of his vast memory. They were together in a literaryGaul, one bodk being devoted to each division. Passing over the description of Primitive Gaul, which presents a rather formidable introduction to the volume, On account of the necessary aoalyses offile distinctions of race which it. includes, although relieved by numerous glimpses of the social condition of a transitional age, we come to the period suc- ceeding the Boman conquest, in depicting which the author finds a more congenial task, and pre-noisome air of the dungeons to which they were com- mitted ; others had their limbs dislocated in the stocks; while the more detested.among them wore slowly burned by the application of hot irons to the sensitive parts of the body. By a peculiar refinement of cru- elty the Komans contrived: to inflict these pnishments on the occasions of their public festivals. Crowded amphitheaters shouted when some tender and delicate woman was torn by the wild beasts, or an aged and venerable man was stretched bleeding uppn the cross.Among the victims of this hellish rage was the Bishop Pothinus, then ninety years of age, whoso feeble body sank beneath its pains, Out whoee mind gathered serenity and firmness from them. Another victim, whosemoreover, has nouns of a similar character. Con-fessor, for instance, according to the analogy of circle when Lady Morgan was indulging in somesents a gratifying earnest of the vigor and address appearance on the scene was more characteristic of the in grappling with his theme, which will doubtless great social revolution Christianity was effecting, ^as become more and more apparent in the progress of Blandina—a woman and a slave. Through all the^x-grammatical construction, should be one who con- fesses; whereas it signifies a priest who is confessed to; prisoner should be a man who imprisons, bat it signifies one who is imprisoned. We have even ex- amples of passive participles, with an active sense. A well-spoken, or a fair-spoken man is a man who speaks well or smootfrly; and well seen in a science is a true EngliAh idiom for seeing far into, having a deep insight into, that science. Such anomalies^ abound in every language; and he who resolves to use no phrase which he cannot parse, will soon find himself on a short allowance of expression.We trust that this volume, so fall of rational sug-^'persiflage" on serious subjects immediately after the discussion of a fatal accident arising by the fall of some houses in Tottenham Court Eoad (which was said by the Edinburgh Review to have suggested the catastrophe of " Little Dorritt"). While tbe conversa- tion was going on, Macaulay whispered to his com- panion:" Here falling horses thunder on your head, And here •>female Atheist talks yon dead,"a couplet from* Dr. Johnson's " London," in imitation of the Third Satire of Juvenal.—Dr. Whewell has completed the remolding of hia "Philosophy of tho Inductive Sciences," by the publi- cation of the third part, entitled MTho Philosophy of Discovery,'' the other two portion* of the work being "History of Scientific Ideas," 2 vols., and "Novnmthe work.cruciating agonies of the torture, her mistress, who herself a confessor, watched her in trembling aoxiety lest she should be betrayed into some weak concession. But Christianity possessed a living power then whiih could lift ev6n the lo ??ly slave into a sublimity of he-*The possession of Gaul by the Romans not onlyintroduced a new system of government, jurispru-dence, and military organization, but gave a stroag roism. From the cross where, like her heavenly Mas-often says, they u let drive," or, "rushed mil drive, gestion, and nice discrimination, may be regarded, Org-anum Renovatum," 1 voL, forming, with hi*'•ter, she hung, the gaze of a frantic rabble, she sang impulse to social improvement. Beside the arts, hymns to his praise; when taken down from it, thewhich served both for embellishment and utility, beasts of the arena refused to do their office, as if their and exerted a refining influence, institutions of brute natures, softer than those of men, couid be a wed by such sweot piety; and the intervals. between her learning were established which powerfully con- punishments, twice postponed, she passed in comfort- tributed to the spread of intelligence among the ing thoee of her companions who were reserved for a similar fate. The apostates whom weakness had al-as the earnest of still more profound contributions to-the science of English philology, which is now attracting the attention of so many accomplished scholars.on both s<des of the Atlantic; Few men are better qualified by intellectual habits and per-quence, have all been summoned into genial exer- criticised,.has the authority both of Chaucer and partment of learning than the author of the presentShakespeare. Young Lord Walter, in the Clerk's wpjk. His wide and accurate researches have fur- Tale, was so devoted to hawking that "wel neigh nished him with the requisite knowledge; while" History," a beautiful little set of seven volumes of a 12mo. size, a largo portion of the Philosophy of Dis-' covery is new matter, relating to the latest phases of philosophical thought, and containing chapters on Messrs. J . Stuart, Mill, Manse)!, Maurice, & c , and severe strictures on the positive school of Comto, with wborn^ as the champion of Theory, Dr. Whevrell ha» irreconcilable differences. Messrs. Appleton 6c Co. will probably iesue these works as a completion to their edition of the " History " in 2 vols., 8vo.—" The Life of Edward Malone," just published by Smith & Elder, is a great treat to students oi the litera- ture of the Georgian Era; many interesting traits ofthe persons of individuals, into Britain, Gaul, and thesouth of Germany; vet it was nowhere significantenough to attract official attention, and much less toarouse public • alarm. • Those first persecutions of itwhich are commonly ascribed to the fears of the em-perorsarose rather from an enmity which confoundedit with Judaism, or made it a pretext for personal re-sentments. Neither Nero nor JDomitian knew enough ing was devoted to crowds of clients, suitors, and of Christianity to deem it a proper object of wratn.world, but more especially in the United St*tes, a*r*cent delights of the Roman civilization. The morn- Nor until the time of Trajan (after A. D. 99), when flatterers; a little later, came the concourse andportion of English words in actaal use derived fromthe silent spread of it had begun to threaten the in-come of the heathen temples, and a popular animositywas stirred up by the priests, was it distinctly recog-nized as a religto nova et itlicila. The more serious to the baths, the theaters, the sports of the gladi- opposition even then was confined to those who de-rived their support from the prevalent idolatry, or ators, and to prodigal repasts with their innumer- who were deeply tinctured with the old pagan litera- able courses, their perfumes and flowers, their ture. Prom thsm, rather than from any heartfelt at- rhetors, and music, and dancing girls.tachment of then- own to the ancient faith, the popu-lace took their tone, and began to demand, in a some The same splendid and frivolous existence wasone or two periods from each author; few ofRuth and Her Friends. A Story for Girls. 18mo. pp. 338. heart of Voltaire preserved in a silver urn, an,Auto daxaaoe to the enthusiasm oi the first Christian converts,onoe pressed him to write " a good poom"—" in the on the Pentateuch, entering largely on questions of its , .Byron style," you " know,"—andofleredhim a guinei origin, materials, and interpretation. The analysis ofmoralitv derived^from ihtettectuaX ds^ttetion* and pru- dentialWxims; between a sentiment ef ^ f t S a K S inanity, which acknowledged no d^0 6 *^*^?,? men,and* sentiment almostwhnllr^f^8? 0ttfi7hhours' sitting, by the candidates for the civil service i» Bindofctanj No.8. **WflerewereScions,Crommy©^ Myrclnae, Naupactus, Cyzfous, Arderieca, Megalopolis^»n*w -VerjBOtroced **C»»p*jgeonstJtnte Pobh>h«rs waresBieararyPresidential * —TheteenthRepublics Troppao scribedfrom the —The Lexiconfor pub) which k< of hiapresenting dnetttees anye J&k<. ©ughlywas written' —Mr.SBnstrakd engravedto be of aratione, the giganti faaikrastoThemys fceqnently ves/tfeisdor ieVgraphiBkkJey, Legion, had bad deludedpretensef, •omscntKo. 546—two evgsnizatiing sketch aue madeK. G. Cef the Golden en th« record, enough statednlar letter "If wevide it wincijrhboriB S»ac«, and en our G arrest and.went. The and the investig my potitions that onr fieldthereof; and naviteus to erocr «f any CenetitntionGovernor) as such invitation Constitutionalstandhip that snon of the best terms'faee of',hewe may occupy Governmentef tbe land.' This Georg SOTtwo yearsUrn to statepfcor, the progT*« T h e r e w a s C. wai a mere tained the seedthat thought—o vatcd the soil sprout, untilon its issue ;shadow on my tibia fabric roots; as theSKQDKd ColioSNprcne the treeat the cost of the lit* of the vanquished. _ _ The sdritof the encounter was illustrated in the firS^erieasesof Christianity in Gauk A few Asiatic teachers from the Church of Smyrna, headed by Pothi- rfue w?o had praved with Polycarp, a beloved compau- ion of the beloved disciple ofJohn, and either folio wingthe routes of commerce, or, perhaps, invited by Jews •who bad accompanied Herod or Puate in their exile, were the earthly instruments of its advent. A small circle of believers which they gathered at Lyons soon became a considerable religious community. The re- gisters still preserve to us the names of fifty members, while thoee of others, says the pious chronicler, " are written in the pages ol the Book of Life." But in those days success was sorrow. The lofty tone whiohmans had borrowed from the Greeka. • son's Dictionary, seventy-two per cent; and t«vo. The upper olaseefi apofce and wrote almost exclu- letters of Junius, seventy-six per c»nt. Osmiogthe article,as in community, for in the community; portance at any period of history, with which you art the vulgarism of such phrases as im, our midst, and acquainted,"—surely a poser for a hot July afternooa. unbelcnotcn to mej the foppery of pronouncing the The apparently insane examiner must be a sileut put. t in often, or making even and lioaven two exagger- ner in tbe great'Dictionary firm of Wm. Smith, Ph., Dr#tpeople. The school founded by Augustas at Autun lowed to retract were animated by her to a renewed turesque illustration, and his robust and manly elo-inelegantly applying which to the American Unionthe Governor of Massachusetts has been severely' sonal studies to render valuable services in this de-soon grew into eminence; others of equal celebrity strength, and they counted it their highest joy to baputation was a passion; orators, actors, and poets frowEB of power. In less than twenty years, the littleabounded in the regions which have sines been dis- original geim had grown to a vigorous tree. Nursed tinguished by Massillon and Fkchier,^Mirabeau, by the zeal and prudence of benseus, the successor ofThe Yankees, for in- "sight" of people, bus in the famous old romance, thePothinus, and "the great luminary of the West," it became a champion of orthodoxy in Europe, and sus- tained many a powerful cont&st against the GnosticIn treating the religion of Gaul, Augustus pur-sued a more cautious and sinister course. Druid- the overweening pretensions of Borne.study in comparative philology is essential to the afcv rites were abolished; while it was secretly under- Reman domination is the subject of an able chapter, tainment of a good knowledge of the Eoglish.laa-and the Girondists.sense,.and the high-born dame, Juliana Berners, lady F. MAKSH. 8VO. pp. 682. Charles Scrlb^er. prioress of the Nunnery of Sopweil, in the fifteentn In the opinion of Mr. Mwrsb, no wide range of century, describes"a large company of friars as ainn was asserted, but not openly; only its more cruel The condition of Gaul toward the close of the" bomynable syght of monkes."A fruitfnl cause of change in the significance ofand Manichsean heresies, while it dared to check evennatural colors of the Stratford EJligy of Shakespeare. Like every ono else, Malone had his theory of Juoios, and " shows cause" how Mr. Samuel Dyer of the Lite-bustle of the forum; at noon, they found a pleasing oblivion in the siesta; while the evening was givenRobert Carter St. Brothers.Quench not the Spirit. By Newman Hill, LL. B. I8mo, pp.105. The Same.LITERARY.very great interest and attention.—A fragment of his dearly-bought experienco isPeople," have appeared; one includes a translation of In tracing the suocesBive changes in language, it " Hogarth," where he relates how " an early patron" Isaiah; the other oomprehends numerous dissertationswhat tumultuary manner, the suppression of the renewed in their rustic resorti. They lived in an examined the whoie'of the Ormulum (a paraphrastic Christians. A rescript of Trajan, which is the first translation of a part of the New Testament, made—A foretaste of Mr. Bancroft's forthcoming volumewas given at the meeting of the Historical Society onTuesday last—the paper for the evening, read by Mr.Bfoore, the Secretary, forming the chapter relating toMontgomery's Expedition to Quebec. Being from itsnature an episode to the great drama, it had all the tor's compensation at first agreed upon, but from the un- advantages of a complete story, and was heard with<r]*j^l.'iCJ*|*>W*<'[(t«* *rttf«««ra)d*r< * t^ !I^W^BIMPthe new religion hastened to assume with its growth in Latin. The studies of the cultivated classes com- in numbers, tbe diffusion of an opinion that "with theneologism, which had its origin, not in the sound common sense of the people, but in the brain of some grammatical pretender. This phrase is de- fended on the ground that it expresses a passive sense by a passive form. Bat, argues Mr. Marsh, the language abounds in expressions^hat are active in form, but passive in significance, so that the old phra»e " the house is building," is supported bothprised about one hundred of his scarcest pio JOS tm temporary tracts, of many of which scarcely anothercopy could be found. It was bound up iu 72 rolnotos of various sizes, and brought the extraordinary price of £431, or more than $2,000.—The fourth volume of Bawlinson's new annotated edition of u Herodotus" is jus'; issued in London, com- pleting that great classical work, with a full indsx, list of authors, and editions quoted, and their apparatus. The third volume of Messrs. Appleton's reprint h ufall of the ancient religion of Rome tue temporal do-minion would also fall, together with the unusual oc-currence of natural calamities, which awoke supersti-tious fears, and the rumors of new barbaric inroads,conspired to arouse the heathen against i*.with an al-most fanatical fury. Their zeal soon passed from ran- rare aptitude, waa studied by the Gauls, and more corous reproachoe into personal violence. The Christ-It appears from these comparisons that the best writers of the present day habitually employ, both in poetry and prose, a larger proportion of Anglo- Saxon words than the best writers of the last cen •judicial determination of the case, betrays a mingled nerb villas erected on the borders of a placid lake,mdrfference and perplexity. Pliny, the Governor of or a murmuring stream, at the foot of a hill planted probably in the early part of the thirteenth century), ployed for the first time in a serious way. It wasBitbynia, to whom .ids was addressed, was so pleased with vines and olives, or on the summit of a moun- the English Bible, Shakespeare, and the poetical with the eftects of it, in producing revocations of faithand sacrifices to the gods on the twurt of reputed Chris- tain crowned with pines and oaks. With their por- works of Milton, beside a portion of the works oftian disciples, that he indulged the fond hope of brio* ticos, their retreats, their dining-halls, their bathe, numerous writers in different periods of English ing the superstition soon to an end. Gladly, too, wouldthe just spirits of Hadnan and of the Antonines have their museums, and their libraries, they had every literature. The Ormulum was found to containsupplanted the popular rage bytie milder Interventionsof Jaw. Marcus Aurelius, with all his stoical repug provision for comfort and enjoyment. One part, nearly ninety-eeven per cent of Anglo-Saxon words.at once taken up by the public as a most convenient term, and it will no doubt hold its'place in the popularvocabulary.expected time required, this is probably increased. » will bo publiahod in parts, and may soon be looked for. —Two more parts of Baron Bunsen'i "Bible for thesequestered and oool, was adapted to a rammer so- In the vocabulary of the English Bible, sixty peris not easy to distinguish between positive cor-ruptions, and those which belong to the inherentnature of human speech. By these latter changes, for it down. the Lovitical laws, by which the Mosiac germs are dis-would have willingly seen thenew system reconciled to journ, and another part, wanned by artificial heat, cent are native. In that of Shakespeare, the pro-the old, according to that feeble neo-rlatonic syncretism to the rigors of a winter residence. Sometime portion is very nearly the same, while in the poeticalwhich was coining into vogua. He was even then tooignorant of the real nature of the Christian scheme to these rural habitations were placed on almost inac- works of Milton it iBless than thirty-three per cent.perceive that it was wholly incompatible with any cessible bights, and fortified with walls, and towers, Even in thoBe writers whose total vocabulary em-form of Paganism, either the most elevated or the braces the greatest number of foreign •Words, the most debased; for the difference between It and Pa- and ramparts. In times of war, they became placesganism was not a difference of merely national wor- of refuge; but when all was quiet, their occupants Anglo-Saxon is still the largely predominant ele-ships. 'It was a profound, essential, ineradicable dif- divided the day between games, the chase, read- ment Thus Chaucer, in the "-Squier'aTale," has ference. It was the difference between the one trueGod a n d thirty thousand spurious gods; between a ings, equitations, sleep, the bath* the theater, and ninety-on<Hfer cent; Spenser, in one book of the morality founded upon divine and spiritual love and a supper. The libraries, in which the men came to- Faerie Queen, eighty-six per cent; the Gospel of—A very large portion of the rising 72#\°f En- tinguished from subsequent accretions, is of the highestrf«*arKM**.W&X22Z3J&Z?* Sttfl L ^ ^ S i ^ mmmemm®^sp.—in i mstmmmsupplied witfil>oofafc T ^ j Matthew, in^threo^chapters, ninety-three per cent;' therefore, the critic ridicules the affectation of re- similar qw*tioM to fee answered, off-haal, i« a tbra«-plying to a remark of your companion by tin inter- gossiped. At supper, which was the principal meal ninety per cent. The conclusion of the sixtieth rogative Yes 1; when he laughs atihe Cockney use• • ! • « •mmgatherI% .lo^l^ai^'-d^t^vwfBB' obmaioniy well St. John, MufSra^^^ offenses is ttus sacred duty of every scholar. When, leaning.' For instance, the following U <m> ef 14- - . . - .- v , . . * * -reserved {drthewemea who spun/and read, and and four chaptersof the Epistle to the Romans,•rfflR BUSTORY'OF FRANCE. tBy/PA»x« Gonxrnc. VoL I' personality;. and between the hope of a heaven freely of the day, the guests improvised verses, or listened chapter of Hume's History of England has seventy- of immediately and directly instead of as *»<m as, Dyrraehiam, Corjpbasium, Stratos, Agylia, Acauthqs,C^WliTSHISTOBY OF FRANCE. 4 i. tense and bitter prejudices of race, ?&** &J± W ' J . L<A*d*oi G*nl ) 8T«. pp. 49$. H*tpsr It Brothers.2fce want of a complete general Malory of France larjfeng?5«di Bteratere .has been &leading motive with Mr. Godwin for engaging in the composition of this elaborate work. Many of the principal topics, it is tree, have been, incideotally discussed by English i n t e r s ; the great landmarks of French history form too important a portion of the history of Eu- ropean crriKzation, not to enter largely into every account of the middle ages; but no consecutive work eipressfy devoted to the subject, derived from origi-nal sources, and with the requisite amplitude and thoroughness of treatment, has yet been written in our mother tongue.The plan of Mr. Godwin is intended to supply this deficiency, by a narrative of the history of France from the-daie of the earliest records to the commencement of the devolution in 1789. He di- vides his work into sixgreaj periods: I. Ancientopened to all mankind anda heaven to w W J j J three per cent of Anglo-Saxon; the seventh chapter or after; as, directly, John cam*, I went away; or Doriscus, Arbela, Nicopolis—mention any circus*. a S demi-gods, and favored todlvidnata csoW alo^:wj to a choir of musicians, or diverted themselves withnire In anv encounter between two> such religions the the picturesque and.graceful dances which the Ro-- of Gibbon, seventy per Cent; the preface to Joan- • the Americanism of employing community without stance connected with them, that gave theaa an im-down to a more recent period, we find the propor- the pure Latioity of Cicero or Horace. The laws tion of Anglo-Saxon words in Webster's secondsively in the Latin language, though not perhaps inprised both Greek and Latin, the Greek philosophy,as expounded by Roman writers, and the Boman j low's Miles Standish, eighty-seven per centjurisprudence, grammar, rhetoric, and poetry. Ju- risprudence, for which the Roman mind had such aians were stoned in the streets; they were chased from than ooe professor was celebrated for his knowledgethe baths and the forum; they were shut up in their and skilL The brilliant and copious Gallic geniu*, fury, taking into view the fact that the foreignby. long usage and the analogy of the language. lately appeared, and they will lose no fme in presoatin%houses; they were denounced to the tribunals aa in- cestuous and atheistical; and the slaves were suborned to proclaim their simple ascapoi Thyestiau feasts, and their fraternal assemblies Ofidipodean marriages. Ar- raigned before the authorities, they were tortured byThe active form, for example, is passive in sense, inthe phrase, he is toblame, take this horse to ride,hehas books to sell, the cow is old enough to milk, thefruit is ^eod to eat. Still farther, the verbs to owe,to miss, to want, are all transitive verbB, but noone hesitates to speak of debts owing, to Bay that apaper is missing, or that a dollar is wanting tomake a specified sum. BeBide the cases of activeverbal forms with a passive sense, the language, jffacaulay's readiness in apt quotation from the storeshowever, turned more freely to rhetoric and tbearts of elegant composition. Bat still all the intel-lectual efforts of this period are stamped with the gress of art, science, commerce, and industry, has unmistakable marks of decay. The philosophers introduced many thousands of Latin, French, and were mere sniattfrrcrs in the remains of ancient other foreign terms. Hence, in respect to vocabu- thought, and had no original impulse or creative lary, the writers of this generation are naturally infor its keen and subtle analysis of character, for iss penetration into the true spirit of the middle ages,Dorigene in the Frankeleines Tale was fain at lastto M lete hire sorwe slide;" and Sly, in the Taming for ite elevated tone' of religious and humauifcary of the Shrew, " lets the world tilde." Many of theHOW TO CULTIVATE AND PRE3EUVE CELERY. By Johnson, Reynolds, Garrick, Baretti, Pope, Warbur-cuwenc! colloquialisms in the country, which are euppesed to be of American origin, are in fact, of.MARSHONTHEENGLISHLANGUAGE. prose Morte d'Arthur, tbe word is used in the saineTHBOPHILUS IlOKsai,K. Edited, •wrlth a Preface, by HENTIY S. OLCOTT. 8VO., pp. 100. C. M. Saxton, Barker at Co.ton, Sec, are scattered through the correspondence and memoranda of the Shakespeare commentator—an emi- nently reepeetable man, with every advantage of wealth, leisure and potition, who yet failed to mike any distinguiahing name in literature, aud is moat known to the present generation of readers as the " Sapient Trouble Tomb" (of Charles Lamb), whosesentiment, and for its muscular strength of expres- sion, it may justly claim an honorable place among the great historical works which have BO proudly, signalized the present epoch and our own country.the g^bd old British family.stance, are sometimes laughed at for talking of aIt is well understood by market gardeners that fewplants are so difficult of successful cultivation as that towhich the prejent volume iB devoted. If the seed ismere?y sown and left to itself, the plant will growrank and green, with a profusion of leaves, and whollyunfit for the.table. It is often transplanted wh&n a fewinches high, and the stalks, after growing for a while, unsparing whitewash brush obliterated the livelyLECTURES ON THE ENGLISH LANGUAGE. By GSOUGEsujrounded with earth. Thus hemmed in, and havingno access to the sunlight except at the top, the stalksindeed grow white, but, at the same time, becomeliable to disease. It' is only by long experience in the rary Club may have been the author, in connexionbusiness that the exact processes can be learned by miaed xa the belief of the upper classes. It was de- from which we obtain an interesting view ol' the guage. He has, accordingly, treated the subject of words at different periods is to be f«*und in the emi- which it is possible to secure a good crop of celery.with Edmund and Richard Burke.creed that no adherent of Druidism coulienjoy the social and domestic relations of thst period. The the present volume, without any formidable exhi- gration of people into a foreign country. When, One of the most successful cultivators in the country —Messrs. Bradbury & Evans, who have been soprivileges of a Roman citizen, though the gods o Gaul were freely admitted to the honors of Roman polytheism.bitim of lirguiotac research, and given a popnUr, for example, the European colonists first took pos-select and fortunate in their issues (chiefly confined to authors of the " Punoh" circle, as Douglas JerrokL, a Becket, Thackeray, and Wildam Sartees, the sporting novelists and historians of Jerrocks Jaunts), announce three new works which, from such a source, are prob-bly of some interest. " The Autobiography of antalian Rebel;" by C. Ricciardi; from the Italian by Miss M. N. Smith. >'The Tin Box: A Story of thocommon people were divided into the mechanics, or .ree artisans of the towns, and the small possessors of land in the country. In the larger citiss, the in- If DrnidSam was not, however, by these means dustrial population was often numerous; the tradeshas here given the method* by which he has made thenow it-fti a mam! - resitt the tornadoHe says tha break up tbe ler filibustering have been frustra some "who44 ico entirely £o if they can inched. For general publi 4,G. C. is a ** guarantees°guarantee of 44 and good faithoracular exposition •hinery.The organization tary, a financ:in Texas asd Gr««r; 1,2001,000 in charge South Carolina necsee, one inKentucky, two »»». Of these " picked wilh*•' whom any natiin mind that,this The second dep financial, and em' *' assist in raiting process being proi of bis own pockorganized: A State Central C< Committees in e* has the right,' may be tendered 1 is one of thedo so." A good ioneyed men at % loans to veryt* North. F ^Wrded to the fidud in Uie pur an other lecessari"he thirl depart aio and lalor the Oteip—to nake "iri'tiief; judging emiiently a need he his not \ turpi*o gits, or >ana 'A <ali fori gran *he "Commnders cauf e the section Pose of whih ia"" It will e the the tim« of .epartu «xc., and tomange «ation may e sift, toemben. ^e K »ot for rowd<B—to sxtend o,ir <v«lkatThe rpecial businc;;* Allowing:'*• To electiperminj ""itary deparurtnut o( «v«ria departMni* ol'I *<>» and confira aU en , —Toelect;peraid Jcrouchly o r g * ^ th<w * Toeiootaperma ^erningr depar.nu-i»i < /r«m accordant \v.fi•u °f advUeneui. • C ^ ' J T Q dotermiae u3 i * ° prepare an add «» states; to creel euo^waWartke^rguuzatsound and ample learning, a vigilant common sense, plants and animals of the new world, they gave hem the names of the plants and animals whichArmories, into Britain, into the lonely island of Mona,there to breathe ite last sighs among the breaking bil- perfumers, carders, weavers, dyers, shoemakers, fruit of profound and comprehensive investigation. most nearly resembled them in their own country. MEMOIRS OF THE DUCHESS OF ORLEANS. By the Last Century;" from the escritoire of the late Samuellows of the Arctic seas, it is none the less true that it and of mariners and merchants. But in order toMABQUBBRDK H . Together-with Biographical Souvenir* Scobol, Clerk; edited by G. W., and "Tho Roman:for its perusal, will receive a large reward in the new conceptions which it imparts of the strength,other.Several striking illustrations are presented by , endured the sorrows of an exile with exemplary sweet- at Egina, and of Apollo Epicurus, at Bassrc, nearwords in the English vocabulary have greatly in-the finished book to American students. Until some new Layards and Lepsiuses come forward wilh. discoveries of equal importance to those which navecreased within the last hundred years. Tne pro-at each other," and both he and later writers, evento the time of Dry den, describe in pathetic passagesa Udy as having her face **blubbered with tears."The common colloquial phrase, " to let it slide," for'hough truly scientific, illustration of the principlesof English philology, from considerations derived little knowledge of the variety of the material their fine. The directions are laid down in a clear and from the structure and genius Of the language itself. .creation as shown by the later researches in nat- practical manner, and are amply illustrated by appro-His diecuscions are characterized throughout by ural history. Hence, on first meeting with the priate drawings. It is announced that this volumei t i o n of the. Atlantic coaBt of America, they hadprodusts of hia own grounds a model of excellence inIn preparing • the volume, he has had an eye not somuch to the requirements of professed students, as willow, the fir, the beach, and the ash; the trout,to the instruction and satisfaction of the general the perch, and the dace; the bear, the fox, and themass of intelligent readers. His book cannot failto prove an agreeable companion to all who have n the sparrow; while the objects designated by the preeented an example of womanly excellence, such astaste for advancing beyond the merest surfaoe of same came are generally of different species, and is not often found within the precincts of a royal court. cian Architecture, is announced for speedy publication knowledge; and the attention which is demanded, often bearing but a slight resemblance to each After the revolution of 1848, she suffered various trials by Mr. John Woale. It includes " exquisite illustra-Thus, we have the oak,«the pine, the poplar, theand misfortunes, incident to the change in her position,The personal character of the Dachess of Orleans, rabbit; the pigeon, the partridge, the robin, and whose death in exile took place about two years since,Marsh, that are not yet obsolete, but in approved po8ii*on of established fixtures in the language. recollections from an authentic source. It is entitled topersons, however, use as many as ten thousand tbem. Neither of these words is found in Milton orwords, and the great m&jority of well-educated Shakespeare." If used at "all, it was by scientificspeakers not above three or four thousand. Even writers They belong to the language of mathe- money is here explained in a perfectly explicit, com- glish agent, were secured fyy the King of Bavaria, andmatics, and were originally applied to points or mon-8ense manner. The writer has noticed innumer- are now the chief oxnament of the Glyptotbek at Mu-nich; the Phigaleian scries is in the sculpture gallery of the British Museum.—The fast young ladies, the two Misses Dunlop, who made the public the confidants of their adventures in " A Timely Retreat from Bengal," are now, through Mr. Bentley, going to acquaint us " How (they) We Spent the Autumn of 1859." The ". Unprotected Fe- male in Norway and Sicily " proffers no now disclosures for the present season, so it is to bo hoped has "sowedMilton and Shakespeare, whose vocabulary is notsurpassed in richness aud variety, habitually employ-ed but a email portion of the resources of the' lan-guage. In all the works of tbe great dramatist; points of resemblance, in different individuals, as live well and save money on. small means must readthere occur not more than fifteen thousand words,and in the poems of Milton there are not aboveeight thousand. Of these, by far the larger pro-portion is derived from the Anglo-Saxon, the Latin, mon life. The explanation given of the increase ofand the French. Curious estimates have been givenby different philologists of the relative amount ofthe several'elements of English; but they are to betaken with great allowance and limitations. Sharon Adams both died on the same diy, July 4, 1826, Turner, for instance, gives extracts from fifteen the semi-centennial jubilee of the Declaration ofclassical English authors, beginning with Shakes- peare and ending with Jobneon, for the purpose ofIndependence, the event was noticed all over thehensiveness for general use.BOOKS RECEIVED.Caroline Perthes; the Christian Wife. Condensed from theLifo of Frederick Christopher P^rtbeg. By MM. L. 0.cares of domestic life.—Great oxcitement is now existing in France amongliberal men of letters as to the probable fate of Vol- taire's literary relics. Through his niece (the first legatee) and the Marquis de Villette, the entire personal property of Voltaire has descended to a French Prolate, Mgr. de Drtux Brczc, Bishop of Meaux, one of the mo8t intolerant and retrograde members of the GaUicaa hierarchy, to whom the very name of the great writer must be a bugbear. " What will ho do with it," is the question uppermost in the minds of the liberals. Con- sidering the precious bequest, which includes even thelines.denote identity of opinion or character, or otherable instances of extravagance and waato in the ar- rangements of families, and gives many useful direc- tions as to the mode of avoiding them. Whoever wouldThey afterward passed into common use, towell as the occurrence of two events at the same time. Still they belonged to the language of books and science rather than to the daily speech of com-this little volume.SEAMANSHIP, AND ITS ASSOCIATED DUTIES IN THE ROVAL NAVY. By Lieut. A. H. ALSTO.Y, R.N. I2mo. pp. 445. Routledge, Warno, &. Routledgo.A manual of practical seamanbliip, designed especially for the instruction of the midshipmen in the Britishtheir popular use, we confess, would strike us asTuthilL 12mo. pp. .r>22. Robert Carter St Brothers. comparing the proportion of Saxon words used by an extraordinary coincidence. The death of Presi- Blind Man's Holiday. By the Author of*'Mia and Charlie."18iuo. pp. 2<i3. The Same.these authors respectively. Bat these extracts, dent Monroe, a year or two' after, also on the ABpirationB Irom the Inner, tho Spiritual Life, aiminfr to recon-Fourth of July, gave a new impulse to the circula-tion of the word coincidence, and in this country, at foreign sources, are not to be relied on as fur- least, it at once acquired a. general currency whichcile Religion, Literature, Scmce, and Art, with Faith, and H*pe, and Lore, and Immortality. 12mo. pp. 370. By Henry M'Corroao, M. D. Longman U.Co.Seamanship, and Ita Associated Duties iu tho Royal Navy. By Lieut. H. H. AUton, R. N. 12mo. pp. 445. Routledgn, Wiune, ti. Routlndge.Lectures on Natural II istor r. By P. A. Chadbourne. 12mo. pp. 160. A. 8. Barnes-& Burr.thongh often used as a basis for calculating the pro-it has not yet lost The introduction of the wordoutsider, according to the author, was equally acci- them extend beyond a hundred words; none dental.. At the Baltimore Convention of 1844,nishing an. exact criterion.They consist of only,of them beyond a hundred and fifty. Mr, Marsh has gone himself into a much more elaborate examination, and obtained results founded not on average estimates from the comparison of scattered passages, but on actual enumeration. He has thuswhich nominated Mr. Polk for the Presidency, an excitement WSB produced by an alleged attempt to control the action of the Convention by persons who were not regular members. In the debate which aroBe on the Bubject, a prominent speaker protested against the interference of outsiders. This word, if not absolutely new, was new to most who read the proceedings of the Convention, and was then em-Ft of the invaluable relics, papers, &c, is more than hinted at, and 6€ems to be quite within the power of the uncongenial possessor.—The Webster aud Worcester Fight of the Diction- aries rages hero with BO much fierceness that compara- tively little attention is paid to the forthcoming edition of " Dr. Johnson'8 English Dictionary," on which Dr. • Latham, the well-known philologer and ethnologist, has been engaged for some years for Messrs. Long- man. £1,600, or eight thousand dollars, was the edi-spreadingUntitled Documentbeyondtheirsource.T opillorysuchiners, whoare tooanxiousto show offtheirown •The ignorance of grammarians is a frequent ah author was afforded by the recent sale in Londoncause of the corruption of language. Thus the of a collection of the works of Daniel Defoe. It coin-awkward phrase " t h e house is being built"' for " t h ehouse is building^ is a useless and unidiomitt© Magic, Travels, Adventure, Political Pamphlets, tnl*but her elevation of mind was never disturbed, and sheeminent artists, of the Temple of Jupiter Panhellenius,S01.ON RomwaoN. 12mo., pp. 343. Fowlor &. WuU*.How to get the best living from the smallest sum ofsculptured Frieze at each of the above named temples. Tho Egina marbles, through the remismeos of the En-fanciful, proceeding from any less eminent, authoritythan that oi Mr. Marsh. When Jefferson and Navy, but well adapted by its precision and compre- her wild oats," and settled down to the more congenialgiven incidentally by Mr. Sala, in hia last paper onlanguage continually adapts itself to the conditionof those who use it, grows with their growth, sharesin their revolutions, and perishes in their decay. Examination System. Through the mistakes and basis, but as explicable by natural phenomena, indi-No special effort can resist such ohanges: but mere corruptions which arise from accidental causes may be detected and exposed, and thus prevented fromblunders inseparable from a newly-organized service, geneous to Egypt in all ages. Even those who hesi-gland is now deeply Interested in tho Wfttrpetltive interest. The Ten Plagues of Egypt am somewhat rationalistically handled, as having a true historicalthe plan seems to be settling down into a regularly-adopted system, but oomplaints are rife of the uselesstrouble and injustice caused by the crotchets of exam- which tend more and more, In proportion aetbey»t%tm'tm n iti ni n. m—The great work of Prof. Cockerell, R. A., on Gre-tive plates from costly drawings made by the mosttate to follow the author in his details mustbestHW* with the brilliant suggestiveness of his researches-- Thomas M. Tryniski 309 South 4th Street Fulton New York 13069www.fultonhistory.com 