 *M70U*) M••riant sasn 1111 of nmatag * A. I pat tt in the tineVI Year emmtatltoa sccewisd aot mere than a minata,^Tain n**i if ran were withhjsn only ire auaatea* A. I«fctSan ston<^BBBW-t^Bsn,ffPar tat sBBvaknYaa M l aVtV aaa*aa^4 • tfasaaYm) Vaaaa 1ao hurryatom tt. ami whan 1 ant thrwagh 1 toft,w Van say that a saaa oaald aa* ran fast aavito him in theQ0, When itQ. What did Mr.pat it ap stairs,A. Yes, I was present.A. He expressed bus feelings,like of which her iron walls have not embraced aiace her advent in American waters. Hundreds no doubt paid their half dollar under the stimulating idea that they were about to receive twice "the value of their invest mem in the shape of a double sensation: and we heard one• gentleman remark that he bad deferred a trip of a thou- sand miles solely with the view of killing two fat birds with a single stone. Something of the feeling of disappointment which pervaded the entire company, therefore, may be imagined, when we state that about twelve o'clock adozen or fifteen rt the corps and band in fatigue uniform, accompanied by a number of our own soldiery, sauntered on board and mingled as carelessly among the curiouscrowd as if they were only civilians like the rest. At; Division N. V 8. M., located ia that city, will i constitute mainly, to tome of war, the gunners of oar ifortsandmanipulatorsofourseacoastguns.aad.tliere- > fore, in time of peace, they should accustom themselves ! to their use by a frequent exercise in sea coast gun prac-tice. It is desirable that we should have at all times a i body of gunners practiced in these exercises. The result 1 would be not only to give our citizens, as well as citizensoldiers, confidence in the defences presided fcr their se-curity, but it would disseminate an important branch of ; military knowledge and an intelligent idea of the bearing and objects of the different defensive works. To carry> out this idea it would be desirable that there should be a I sufficient garrison ofartillery troops to aid ia the iastruc- I tion of volunteers, by frequent drills at target practice ' from our harbor tarts.The riches and commfirsts I position of New York, and j toe easy access by sea to our harbor, mark this city as a-DOCDOIB: X> TilB,tCB3jTSB, HABBBT P A TEMT .- B&proTvsdaoubaf)UsTBaVaUpriceossis oarfwarowpeaUetaaSt. MicaoiaB.:" '"'••'"|.;^-•»••.::----'--».•-.*-.••»..J"'• .I—«this?itcoatabarebeencaawed bytH111*8 Hair Dye. ,SOCemta.druggists.Owpwr Mo.1 Infaflthie. OsejasataserSwkwa*A, I badf•MS**-"then took the ptatol to the boose to Twenty thirdI waa Bring with Mr. Walton at the Usee, and showed itNOTICE TO BrrSBS OF CABIBTS AND OtV clouuv—HTSAM AKDKSnoX, the eetobrof the powder,y. Did you ever set~*1 CLABMt. OS 3&.ate upon their verdict, sawturned to the court, amid thecrowd who were anxiouaiy awaiting deiiberatiena. When the jury bad 1 awsjsaaasj handed the Carolwhich we subjoin:—given in the best manner, and the managers deserve all theirArrl-vstla.LBwXTALS.l.ivsBrooL—fbtp Ellen Asntm—Henry White. Loaaoa-Ship DevunsMre atim Adelaide Bjckara of SY, Mr- R»CB«?1 Dorname. Mrs BhsabeUi Armneld, Jtn» Heurv t\A-ng both Cocarocaes and Bat* w«i bui eauon, Said by all diagajata in the Caitod S u u i andRBAJSY TO DAY4,BSU»T TO DAT,- TO DAT. ,-*TORV .A GREAT AITROB, a. GBBAT ArfHOR. M faBKAT APTHOS,T. s. AjrruuR. T. ». AJtTHX'R. T. S. ABTHTS.,t". say?aad said be now Siy. Do yen know what became of the pistol after that?A. I think about two or three weeks afterwards Mr. Wal- the pastel aad found that it bad been reA. He found that toe ptatol with powder and bail, I a*ed Mr. tt waa leaded, and he replied that be had taken off one of the caps aad shaken out someDO TOO WAMT A BEARD OR andyourbeardwaatgrowaaimany,yen saaatass an* fCsnbelllsbsttenit a n d T n a t m e n t o f CSte Onguent, » be bad of afl dealers, whteh will fowe the beartthe pistol again?iker of that pistol* A. I think itBEXX SEAL CMAMFAGNB, SUt 13**ftaeflbarstos.Part, Brandies, i d . at 37 T 'a Gait's revolver.Q. How long is rt since this occurred* A. About sixfirst it was hardly believed that, after two hours of pa- ' conspicuous object for hostile attack. There is no use of ! attempting to conceal this from ourselves. It is a thingIQ. What kind of a pistol was, it?sal; silver mounted, with a light colored pearl handle.4 Oat either of the saeeaf Mrs. Wattes reside in the at thtt timet A. I don't think they did.Q. Were yen Urmg with Mr. Walton on this occasion*tient waiting, especially after such general advertisement known to the world, .ts sure as we have a war with any i> prescribed, HoUowaVs filU will e«fe•f* Sem 1'ori, w . - of Centre and Chambers streets, in the city orf New Y\oork,It is estimated that at this hour not tarn than six thou- sand persons ware waning to see the drill—by far the largest number that has ever bean onboard at any one time in ihw country By degress the company gradually dwindled to its ordinary proportions, and hi the after-noon the attendance waa not larger than usualQuite a huge gathering of prominent individuals of both sexes were nrtasnt at the morning, and one welt ac- qimmtad might have picked out enough judge*, ministers,noon-at halfpast twa o'clock, irom her late residence, 168 York street, comer of Gold.Qunun.—At Mermen, Cons., on Sunday. July 15, Capt Isnam. CHarxaK .formerly of tk* city, ta the Tfth year of his age.C»vxBiT.-On Tnasday, July 17, SOMBA, wife of John J. Caverly, aged 76 years and 2 montTbe friends and relaUves of theInvited to attend, tbelnaswsi,Mo. 407 Greeawlah street, thathalf past one o'clock. without further aotice. The will be taken to rnttersen. r^itossa eoCosxoa—On Wednesday. July 18, Wuuan Coaxow, of Himbeth Casuon. aged lbyears and 3invited toaAaad the fmUral. t h - (Tburaday) a-'toraaon at three o'dock. from th«- residenco of his mother, No. 1S3State of .Yew rare. Owe t An iBHunution taken at them thecoanty of Xew York.^Uussis^teenthdayof July, innA. I have neverA. It was a amaO pis-to the papers, such a change in the programme could| great naval power, we may expect New York to be as- sailed. But we do not star so mush a permanent occu- pation of this city by aa enemy as a sudden foray by awttooat toe auanwaaaa« that awnaeafswtaaa.Brsxc.-Suddenly. on Monday. July sOVssasMOA, wife of Richard Buriin, in tbe TOth yea* of her age.The relatives and friends of the family are respectfully invited to attend her funeral, from her law residence. No. ISO West Tenth street (formerly Amos street), ton (Thursday) morning, at tea o'clock, wuaout further tari- tation. Her remains w01 be taken to: Cyprem Hills tarfour to deliber to five re- attest ion of the result of their their seats, the a formal verdict, a copy ofy e a r s .The friends and ac%sMtataaaaaof toe tamily are- re-1«W YOfg IBsULB, THURSDAY, JULY 19, ISM.published aoea after the test, and arose from the sameby the pugtliatt of sending tb*ir chnUeugus not.Ukednel- iets, to the persona moat interested, but to the HmaiD, whfeh cannot be supposed to ascertain or vouch ft* the authenticity of the hundreds of ietters received a* its ofitee every day. In this case, for instance, the genotoe& Line TheS.-yards short of the4. Line shot; very goad, ball struck the water within nfteen yards and short of the target.6. Late shot: ball streak within ten yards and abort of the target.Thai ia to certify that I _. No. 4S « , 71. elae* 30U. to she ie 23. under the oaanagwsMr w . m w . 1 atalatasaa. drawn Knew A Co.. watchquested to attend the funeral,, tuber, 119, East Twenty-taurOa noon, at three o clock, withoutOGasm.—At Elisabeth, r17. Miiisi 1 Oaaaw, Ska., ta saw (Hie friends and those of I the funeral, from theBurnt-On Wednesday, Jury IS, in the L age, Mrs. AJTSSurra, a satire of county land.The relatives and friends of Invited to attend the fuaen (Thursday) afternoon, at twt mvitatton8a-!TH.—On Wednesday, Jury is, Aatsxu, wife of ] W. Smith.The friends and relatives, aad the members oftine Lodge No. 204, F. and A. M-.are respectfully re-, quested to attend the funeral, 00 Friday afternoon, at two* o'clock, from No. 47 Ludlow street. Her remains win be taken to Cypress Hill SwBSfaarj tar IsOsimisl.,JuryIVMmF.Seaman,born to tbe city of DeBl, kingdom of Holland.His frieaos are respectfully invited to attend the fune- ral, from his late rasaisawe. SSO Iworth avwawe ttosa (Thursday) aTteraoan, at two o'clock.SHAFtx.-^m Saturday, July 14. at Ule residence of her husband, ta Sidney, near Richmond, Mrs. CuasLorwa. P wife of John C. Sbafer, aged S3 years and 4 monthsThe funeral services took peace on Monday, July 16, at.Trirsa—in Brooklyn, on Tueaday, Jtly IT, at No. US Clinton street, Mama Term, aged 27 yearsrematas ware taken to Maine tar total —In this ctty, en Tuesday eveningcholera infantum, Bbatwarrm Anaxjtmx, easyward B. and Seorgie Tharp, aged 6 months aad 4 dayaThe relatives aad fneads of the tamiry are respectful! invited to atteod the funeral, from the restdenee of B. st Pn_fiw*BW,MftlzTe-wBBBBBBBsTsi•tiSwt1•!SMsM*MMB/TitrtwaaaOlMbawtaavfiernooti. «u suro ^ciookVrnemrr.—At Perth Amboy, N J., en Tuesday. July IT,of cholera intattum, Means Haix, only chtid of John H. and Fannie M, Ytaoast. agsd S aiiaitbsA bud cn~enrta> fall btown to bat roe.*fnsw5 AIBBBMSBBI'' VSBHBV nBBsfeaVSBBBBaf"jSi gnuasaam nVSnA nassm^^aoastomm MM. aaaanaa 'heM couldtobeWaixan.—OB Wednesday, Julvy IS., at tohe r abbas, of Fnrt Lee,this dayA STBCLaX MOTTCB._ PCBCHASI A SlACHlirE._ __ FAT FOB IT AS TOC BABM IT. The Eureka Oetabraied Sewingthe target. 8. Ball st aey was not in his own baent- of the tugsto the right of and within fifteen yard**writtng, nc* was it signed by him, so tbJW no means of a»v tbencteattaa, exaept his presence at the otaee from which tt wae dated, remained, and this-was known only to a fewfriends. IT the sporting fraternity wish to com with aaeh other through the organ of the p ab- b»; they should at least take sacaanrea to guard against as those JXthe ease of Morhasey andwe are informed by hie moat intimate friendsstation of fighting Heanan now or at any otheis suite aawaU with a* tSanMas of the- throat, which troubled aim before bJa departure for Europe, and for wti.jfc be ia constantly blistered in a most painful man-H» has not been in anything tike perfect health'foroyer a year past. He left this city tar Saratoga on she8th mat., attending to remain there tar some time in la recruit if possible His friends any that be mtente adhering to bis original rsaaloJIieai, well or ill. not to enter the prise ring again, his promise to fight Heensn being conditioned upon Bee- nan's winning the fight with Sayers. and therefore not at alltmflaancing bJa conduct now. Ac far as he is0. Ditto.spend mvisitingorma to, tfbisStill, Morrissev'sthat, if he should ever encounter the hero of , he would be served out as badly as at bisI^m1 4*tin Canada.TMS u n c i * BOT'bat that,Seat, as soon tting him that tus huher waa very Ul, and be started last night to Ttatt his lather, in- tending to remain until Friday next Macdonald" around the town yesterday by b-vtag, Hillby crowds of men and boys.It seems decided, then, that we are toprise fight in America, and thisbabiy marks the acme of the pugilistic will now, doubtless. be upon tbe decline.TKK THOrBAMD tWOtlM OH SwtaSto — CBOWD APrOI>TEI>—ACCIDBNT ID A LABTTO CATS MAY AOBSSD UTON—THS 3HIF TO 8ATX lOS aSMLAM) AHOHST IS, ETC.We went en beard of the Great Eastern yesterday , with pen nibbed and hand nerved for a splendid item, supposing, of course, like our readers, thatiy) marnmg, at ten o'clock. - VorxmtA»tmtat€fmftnv>mm''undoubtedly<*mnot wall haveas he did. HO still hopes that :will give him a chance, bat ia gted that be has concluded to let him up for ar tittle time. Heenan received a tois> graphic despatch from Troy yesterday inform-take peace.Before long, however, it became evident that no drill hostile naval force.I AM HAPPV TO SAT I CAM OPFBB VWt Y barawiawteaaadT saade Clnihtag. Vaaw SI 36 u> Pantsta 75Coa» from SI to SKLof every kted. Nowill be refuseu; my only object tahfa ia to seU.KnAJCKIMJCX, KHUCKUHCE.—PHIB CILEBRATSD . m Tobacco-st for sale at the depot. WPatton street.. PAINTINGS, BTNOBUTTlfOS ETCHWGS; sntatoexahiucad, JOH.v PTNE,an'a Masonry far saie.TLJTl sTBTTIRDBLL'S WMftPQwS ROTES. C M See-,P-had bean anticipated on the part of the military, and thatiifithey were entirely unprepared far such a performance. having been examined who were Their invitation from the directors of too ship waa of aNew BOWXRT TaXAma.—This popular eaatbtiahaaeathas opened for toe season with Hying colors. On ther, be inquired If there were anyj more about the ease. i to the question. Coroner ;thejury,said.—-You willI have subpoenaed ail thegeneral character, aad they had accepted it in that infor mal manner which best suited their indi vidual tastes.avoidedZouave tactics, agreeably to the asmwawssswSwt of theagreeable delusion, and the result was that by ton 1 this patriotic work Ar toe management- of our seaJOrw 8TTUBo dock, the hour named for a drill of the Chicago French-i coast batteries, so auspiciously inaugurated byAdealerJi sailing Bngliah veivet, BraasaW andtog Bugs, jtaMtaj aad OUahwaa, st reaaarkably4ow imen, the Great Eastern bad a multitude upon hsr. the ! oar citisen soldiers, and , encourage it by our i voice, aad give it practical efiect. The Firstnovelty: pnrttng aad unatainable: no tSrosdway^neat A. T. Btewart d Co. aturning up betattd.The disaappointment which followed this discorery opening night (Monday) not s place could be bad whensessaed to pervade every person oa board, aad the mut-termga at what was seemed, in metropolitan parlance, "asell," were loud and deep. The excursionists especially.vim yesterday numbered nearly two thousand, leakedhtue at the idea of being deprived of a military treat sorare. The true tacts of the case, however, quickly foundcirculation thrnugh the ship, and as soon as it was knownthat the whole arrangement was toe result of a mtaander- to tne great delight of crowded, audiences. The plays are#W BsbsMlaaMBsS I j u l f'Jl Mi est Taweruammah QaM^asa^aae nf SkLsn*} CnstV * * ^ lawyers, mittttaeaanaeta, naval aStaers, aad others more stan and mfaat, «dl of Engtaad. or leap known to fhsne, to bare made up a very respectaMr evening party. LivKarooL-St- sta-MrWHCtentaat, Faiatoel Among^Sose observable in the throng, IB the above ehia; U n c i Wtttor, Liverpool; Mr Jase l^aes,, wore E. K. Collins, Esq., Hiram Walbridge and Mra. Sinclair.We regret to 1 entail ag- mtady. whose name we did t t earn, whileV de TuTalba, Mr M AyMar and asrrant, Cuba, i Tuaapkina. Virginia. Mr MSTPeirse, Kewport, Mr and Mx» Jno P Kins and tnra 4a»i*bi*rn, August*. Oa; Mra h Cbildr«» aad two children, MobUW; Mr aad MrsJ Tierasla, Cuba. Or aad Mrs David Maaso, Jamaica; Mr Maurice Power, Ireland; Mr J P Wmier, rreiandiMr M P Martinet. Vera Cruz; Mr J P Hnmasten, Sew Turk. Mr A G Socaaa. Vera Cam. Mr G Iller.tatheVOBE WaTKBXt. rOMR WEEKLY rOOtS_ WBEEL Troabioanon drew the prteepof%SnMw.OiaO.uOw;, aaod tuhait asawi ) prize 6. Bali struck the wafer to the right of and ten yards cashed on presentation. THEODORE • LARGE. M. D.beyond the target.7. Ball struck to the left of and withiE< fifteen yards ofWtanson. Beams Crrr, N. C, Jury M, 1SB.the single number plan). 1 be nuaaber oa aiy tjctet being the number drabeing onlfull10. Bail streak the water to the right of and within forty yards of the target.yardaaff tk» target. 1* "fifteen yards of the IT. Line shot; and short of thel&dUM&het; ball of the target.of se-tae weser within ten yardsthe water within tec yards.balldie water fifty yards short oftie target.IS. Ball struck the wafer to the left and withm fiftyyards of the target.13. Bali struck the water to the (eft of and witom thirtysardeef tbe target.14. Ball struck » little to the right of and wiUan 3fteenyards of the targe:15. Ball struck the water to the left and withm fiftyi a Short, and little-to.the left of the-target.30. Ditto21. Line shot bali struck the water fcfty yards ixjyendthe target.21 Ball struck the water to the right of and with *ten yard* of the target.23. Sail struck to the- left of and ten yards beyond thetarget.24. Ball fell short ot ass) target, a little-to the left.36. Line shot ball straak the water twenty yards shortof the laigi 1 a«•auairwfc•nttiwabortasmto-the-rightofthetarget.27. To the left, and witton forty yards of the target.38. Snort, and Utile left of the target.29. U s e shot, ball streak, within a law feet of thetarget.ao. Snort, and to the right of the target..31. kma shot: ball struck within six yards of the target. eusk I fceesB stvarat: • Wat 11 saw **esaa»fa* a v i t K i n * •*•-— saaassasaai **# I L . e»a^a«^at33. To theiright, and within twenty yards of the target. Si. To the left, and withm ton yards of the-target36. Abreast of and withm fifteen yards of the target. 30. Little to the left, and withm fifteen yards of the-"ifThe best firing was- of Lieutenantwas highly gratifying to all present.by gun No. 2, -mder the byCbarte-W. L. Peach and Jaa. Tie drill aacupiad about two and a halt' hours, aadworth, S. Chenery. L. P. Whitfield.The Guar* and their gaeawl returned to toe ctty a'hair past five o'clock m the afternoon. On their way upfrom fort Hamilton a splendid collation was served upto the cabin of the steamboat, at which appropriate' ! speeches wen? made by H. J. Raymond, Capstan BMs- : worth. Brevet Colonel SBuenway, Captaia Lovell, ex- i Colonel Dnryee and Councilman Lent. We regret that 1 the demand upon our advertising columns prevents usgiving a full report 01the proceedingsThe better defence of the port and harbor of New York,j involving, aa it dees, the safety of the metropolis of th Cnited States, Brooklyn and Jersey City, the Navy Yard aad the depot of naval stores. and the riches of the I'nion concentrated m its chief commercial metropolis, baa tang been the subject of anxious study by the Board of afegi-ST. B.-Local sweats wsatos ALWATSJOSJaWHTMOUberal<D. J LETT, Iwe should be treated to a rare exhibition of neersoftheUnitedStateschargedwiththisspecialduty,but no measures were taken for the garrisoning of toe 0 paper Thousands of others succumbed to the I tarts, until the present movement of tbefCity Guard* a / . STOOD, 5rw#AT JONBB', 10 AWD B A1TH STlsTl ofswamsadOanersatSf- CailandIt ts of the utmost importance tout we should encouragetbe curtain rose. Tbe company includes all toe old favo- rites and some important additions, and the theatre at altogether in the very best order for the coming campaign. The attraction of the house at present is Mr. Eddy, who is playing a round of nhsJUim isn and other characters.interment.Illinois papers please copy •>'B U M —ta Brooklyn, on WedaesOeyfV en. Cruz; Mr JoaSykea, BUglaad: Mr G S tttfottaa, MmB Reid, Mean* Mr Jman, England: Joaa Smith, Sew Tork: •Brand dat *~Untitled DocumentThe affair wa? cerdatioa. ean be asat Her in weakly aoaounta, an aswSsawtansS the osjee, 4SS Brsadwmj.Baaelay afreet, and aoid by alt i-rfthe hair.iMO.1Bah-.—Oray hair prevented. OssnwJawtas by Dr. OBABD- JKAK oa all thew dweaaea, At tor place.D r .sal Care Ti am with•n nilecmptaawB, Ac., for which preparations dlto grow atrons and luaariaot 'or injure Uw asm. Fttoe 31.T\R. RABINEAU (PBYSICIAS AND SCBOBOOT) MAS *Gntg*t, July 18, of consumption. MAST Staffs*, wife of Itapry Brant, aged 36F spectfnBymritedtototon1thefuneral,onFridayafter- teutoWsnssatHotel.NT.withBast Dereasb street.Bis- remains wf»be takes to OtlJTEW MSW*%n^&wasf|wSttSJ, 3xaj m Mjrs. SAB^j^axi^of Marlboro'. TTster coumiy, »VY.7Bito> Oath year of herfriends of *e tamuy. tacea of her 1and Isaac, and staoaf bar aaa-»Jaw,A. FWaiea wul be raadT TO DAT at tt frotoek.Weeketsarereapeetfaliy tarited totFriday, afternoon, a^twioo'ctoek,from thetatter,14S.8outb Ntath street. ******&B-. fifthMYTbe fMaads of T. 8. Arthur arwcawmtbjfrr.- torafkper bouie tocoMBCMPTioM is posnmxTof the\tmm IIbarresideacs,*Oo^fltWest1TZJZZ ci^r^araattinseearnwaasury,wtatkbaabetaw =ai *u Uta M«wa igsan TO-DAY. streU.MAax. wife efJaaia«Gwen^to4 elds a^JP*** L excTuarvay and " M t t F ^ r t a e ^ ^TM*" .of taa lata Isaac Kelly, af Mcyanweod fsetatat, aged 20 years-The frSds of the Samily are requested to "•^juta^utrs*»aaswwg•Mad theWaTwTOSts.w n i L l .ror aaat everrwwavwf . - T . ^m* laratea few •U remaved bis oetoe to Ho. 3 CLnton plaoa, Etgath streat, third hauae west of Broadway.EXTRBMTMA TOirTHE BEST rw THE WORLD,i Thomas M. Tryniski 309 South 4th Street Fulton New York 13069www.fultonhistory.com 