 rin^ituoixx v&u^es..................................L M. Sixoxx ic Co.. No. 458 Broadway, N. Y. No. 150 Fulton-sC, Brooklyn.follows, in his own language, used before the Court of Appeals: "Negroes, alone and unaided by the ''guardianship of another race, cannot sustain aKpirit. The wearisome and shallow prophets who think the earth quakes and the fountains of the great deep are being broken up because their little individual skiff leaks, or its blanket sail is blownhomeopathic dose of that blessing.THE LATEST NEWa RECEIVED BT?•;*'.!tions of koflereik to iL*. invaluable remedy. We have used it O'Conor at the Academy of Mueie, contending that tremelv radical, but he made no threats of dissolu-e* 9«ver a year and nave gTebt cc>i bdenco in its efficacy as a remedyJor the cores ior which it is ptesenbed. We have also used Dr. Negro Slavery is not unjust,^ Mr. O'Conor's recent let- tion in case of the election of a Republican Presi- ploys its useful bugaboo without reason, and un- readoi8 may have heard sundry serious prophecies.the Tombs.Stephens could have known very little of the nature« i i 'represent a part of the State in the Haine Congressional "guardianship of another race, cannot sustain aDwtrict with the Pan Handle, as it is called here; that " civilized social state." Voltaire long ago nothing, and to be nothing but the vapors of excited suited, and he could not support a Popular Sover-KfUntitled Document-H'i'ajE Oxavx TAK CO.. No. i l i Broadway, New-Y ork.WLU. O ' C O N O R O N C E M O K E .If we make too much of Mr. Charles O'Conor, a whole regiment of Abolition lecturers cannot•VVwas taken up. Mr. Hunter (Dem., ofVa.) addressed in the history of fcoeial problems, the only fait ac- zen, demolishing at every step a shop-window, and Hiium.\«'« PATXMT CHAMV:OK SAyx ever tailed to preserve its the Senate at length, occupying the entire session. drowning all the'accustomed noise of the thorough-• \\ H ••••ATF, Jan 31.—Among the bills introduced was portant one. The Louisiana planters cost the one by Mr..Manierre to provide for the better govern-in his place and withdrew his name as a candidate.•rfAll of Mr. Hunter's argument that bears on the speech. Clearly, Mr. O'Conor is a remarkable The fact that the Free States and Slave States votes; cast. At this point, for the Republicans to antine affair. The Susquehanna Railroad bill was existing phase of the Slavery question, contains man, nor do we see how he can be kept out of the do not agree on the Slavery question, and the fact insist on the use of his name any longer, was to••IAJXXICA LIXXXXXTU prepared by combining Amioa with a most hoalfctx and nana* Judge Gould at a Special Term of the Supreme bordering upon the Stateof Pennsylvania, will bo in aWestern Pemocracy in supporting Mr. Smith.Mr.Jteagan attempted to break the force of theseI #. I1Stx«iru*0 Notices.SELLING OFF A T GENIN'S.—An advertisement in wonder if tbis is considered by the law-abiding tlemen seemed to concur. The debate has called served no better one. His only solace would be in his , than his regular rate j>f speed, on the xrocad tha*of a he i greet and u<xcifc recafr hadji;Th;. and t.' cy. . votingon Mr. cans v. to givr Mr. R nand J ing poi long «i refract tive a<-; vote w eni]Id*• rihe u:ifade t. The r lacked <' receive< moveo ; would o frh-nd.-. tion. fended fused ' ( Teasafu voted «i< wasnitw nearly nMr. C the fart the eke fu??ed a nourc-c elude ihhad dr-b resistsn undei>tiNo do tion, tnc on Mecs if an adjMr. Pen soon as object of plimenta Democri •••."The I PrintingWendr-11 Friday. ed fromCabinet. OutsidPost-Offi refused t in order1The PjTeccmiresubmitec He favi-riA D V I C E T O P A R E N T S .TBXOAT,CKO01>,SlIAIJrPOX,«>d•** U«Ji«B«ntdbNtel, « * at prawnt pr*v»lHn« to an alanntof •*»«* *»•»* oMl<fa)a Dr. BAMTA*** JftMnanxs .Pius «a< *•*»/.»•"»»»• !>»•* a cwta«a pr»Twtir« ^ t o * » « l * « m U 2 ^ ; J f t h w « m*** die., and a MMttsw cor* for ih©«> w » ^ TM J ? £ . *vBAr^AT^ RxevLrtUrs PnwiM'P'W'yT^^ow; th«7 «o » •nUtfta* for calomel •»* mwmry, • » elegantly coatod with ram* and wtU not otfond tho ts*t*^ One Pill U aaflfadent for a enDdnnderlOToan; tno>r operatton U prompt.and ploaaant; tboy n«hi«r weaken, »lcart»»or iripe; he care, not howr «e- •»^r_ th* .ttavk oT »icko~»* from oltlirr of the above-named mal-:down ono of lent will bo progreai of the 4i«*««*. 6</or* on evacuation from the 5ou>«^ tofcc* J>J<K#, and in •ix nonraaAera *»©•© of RA»WAT'» PILL* aro taken, a ploaaantand nealtnfol rvicuwion fot>ow«.RA»WAI'B KBAJ>Y K « U W should bo giron tbo »ick child inwater or weak UK*—aaj for irtx to ten drop*—of the Relief to a tobip-.poonfnl or tea, and the throat, nock and chest of the pa- tf*Dt bathed with the RKADT RxLixr— (if nnder 10 yearn, di-lated ; otherwise with it clear). Let the hundreds of parent* baring •lean*** in their familiea make a trial of RAOWAT'U PILLS and n*.*»YRxuxr, at once. Your childrenwillbe restored to jron with renewed health. Principal Oflioe for the aalo of Dr. KAOWAT'S Remedies, No. 23 Jonn »t. Sold by Drnggiata erery- whero.J. E. STAFFORD'S OLIVE TAR axnI»02C ASD SCLPHCX POWDKJIS,rou.THROAT A.fD LcNtt DlSKABEJ.FromtheRev.Mr.Cronk,GeneralAgentof1AmericanBible Union."Omcx No. S5d Bxooxx-rr., > NKW-YOXX, Jan 18, 1860. 5Dr. J. R. STA^TOUD—My Dear Sir: Having been for *ome tfane troubled v ith an affection of the Throat and Kigbe Lang, which beeomiL. w new hat wriou», 1 was induced through the rocommenaatk>u of a friend to try your Ulive Tar and Iron and Solpbur P&w<* ;». Under the influence of these Remedies, I am happy to say. •ae difficulties h»ve been entirely removed.' llospectfnlly yours, t>. W. C. Csoxx.Road the fallowing from D. A. MiTCiixii, e»q., a retired banker:MxTJtopoiJTAy HOTXL, NKW-YOXK, Jan. 8,1859. Dr. STAXVOXP—Dear Sir: Kor the la»t three years I have suf- f»r»d from "KxoMCHiTia," gradually getting worse. I seriously thought O spvsdin; toe W inter and Spring in the South, but I have need your Olive Tar and iron ana SulpOur Powders, andaxn Cttred.Your Remedies bad been frequently recommended to me bythe Meaara i.eland of the Metropolitan Hotol, ana other friends who bad uted them; but, as 1 always relied on my pbyxicitui, I couldnotbepersoadeatotryanyexpetjoient,untilIgotsobad that it waa witn difficulty tnat 1 could apeak, or even swallow my food. Aa a Ust texort, however, ami with little faith (as f frankly admit), l U i c d (hem. The effect was magical! The re- Utfimmodiatc In a weex orttn davs ufter commencing their use, the contrast between my feetino then and Jormerly was o great, that I considered my so Dcured.All the inflammation and swelling about my throat is entirelySTOCKTOIT.As BTAXXS'I CHXWICAXLT FXXPAXXD Oxira dooa, In aroryjkl»o, a few in Gold Hunting Cases, at $50 each. GXOKGX C. A ixxx,Importer of Watches and Jewelry, No. 415 Broadway, One door below Canal-«t-/lormerlyr<o. il Wali-st.TOMES, SON &. MELV.MN,No. 6 MAIDXX LANX,New-k'ork,Importers and Wholenale Dealers inG u > » , FI»TOLJ»;CCTLXRT, PLATXI> WAXX, JRWXLRT, FAXCT OOODJ, Bxusnxa, FxRyuxoxY , AND .IOAM.1 V\ r.Urj K.u;.'i*rd» > celebrated Guns.a^vL. «~«t* fnrJ£i»?'» ^»P". Padding, aao Cartridges. Sole Amenta tor<i H<:iTior»B A x i n y U ( 1 ^»0del Razors.XiJBaSXSXiATU&JS.irom their position. They never flinched nor fal- should not forget that the exception is a moBt im- There is no such thing as a Law of Nature. There often blind and unreasoning, but it is none the less xoted lor him m solid phalanx until he himself rose( Adams's Patent Kevolviug Pistols.SANGER'S SEWING-MACHINES.Ko.» Bowtog-MaoaineNo.1 Bewing-MaahineThe Pamlry Sewlng-Machine, A.The Family Sew tag-Machineor laugh at him. The present should certainly tions, or be indefinitely spread, car not by any means#M0 90 75 50 •IMPORTANT TO TAILORS AND OTHERS.The mails for Europe by the Cunard steamshipTHE EUREKA CELEBRATED SEWING-MACHINES, Africa, will close this morning at 10 o'clock.those adversaries lament the change and complain of which we have spoken. That contest creates of it. Theee complaints are very natural, but if, Th* Qzor«x it Baker Sewing-Machine Company havejust inftrodneed a new and superior Shuttle-inachine, large size, high passed. *peod, with latest improvements. Price $50. For sale at No.4ab Broadway, New-Y ozk, and No. 132 Fulton st., Brooklyn." civilized social state." This our clever lawyer away, would do well to consider the great fact that arrangement would be an improvement on our states as an axiom, and upon this depend all his de- our national existence is large and robust, and de-in order to place thum wi.hm the reach of all, W ii.j, HX MOKTUAUSDto tho»e not having the fml amount, by applying at the office, No. 4»y Broadway, c«r*er of Broome-st.FaasjLK \6c LXON'S SEWING MACHINES re- »e(T»d tave xl«he«t Vi*<Ul at the Fair of the American Institute, with the highest premrom for line Sewing Machine work ; also fcagheft premium at the Fair of the Franklin in*t., New-Jersey State Fair, etc., etc Agents wanted. Omce, No. 503 Broadway.WHEELER <fc WILSON'S SEWLNG MACHZNES.** Wo prefer them for family use."—[Tribune. M They axe the f»vorite« toz f^miUes.''—[ Time*.Othoe, No. 505 Broadway, New-York.THEBURLINGTONHAWK.-EYE,anindependent.Republican Journal, now in its twenty-third year, is published Daly, Semi-Weekly, and Weekly, and circulates largely in Iowa, Illinois, and Nebraslta.where—North and South, East and West—con- "That we are the saints," was akin to it. Unfor- temn and deride the noisy, blustering vagabonds, From Washington. Sfwcinl Dijpatch to Th© N. Y. Tribune.WASHINGTON, Tuesday, Jan. 31, I860. THE SPEAKERSHIP.The Special Committee appointed by the Demo-C A T A R A C Ttion to frame a State Constitution has passed both Mr. Hayward of Marion addressed the House in of nationality and loyalty. These threats, of which scene. When Mr. Smith was informed of the ac- respected during the reign of Elizabeth than hisS. M- Px-rrisom. & Co., Agent*, New-Y ork and Boston.C. DOXKAX, Proprietor.W A S H I N G M A C H I N E S . — Simple,been valiant and victory difficult; but the second who threaten to dissolve the Union unless some propit-i to the Douglas interest through his repre- eeems that Virginia is not unanimous on the subject generation of lords always despises the second gen- particular election goes to suit them; as if these sentative man.by any manner of means. The question of the eration of serfs. Hence, Mr. O'Conor's ancestors, boisterous factiomsts possessed a particle of power An immense concourse again assembled at the,No rubbing, and no wearing out of clothes.cheap, and efiectuaL| machine la in operation by a launares* daily at our salesroom,the following terms:" I think that I live in Virginia, and have an interest beth held Ireland by the right of conquest; the pres- and of which we |shall hear so much until the Presi- without referring to the misrepresentations underbranches of the Nebraska Legislature, and has re- :u-rvAX ic txiAir. Wholesale depot at our store, No. 54 ceived the Governor's signature.Irish cousins are in the reign of Victoria. Eliza- we have heard so many since Congress assembled, tion of the caucus, he withdrew as a candidate,439 Broadway, second tioor. Frices, a>12, $14, and $16. -at. State and County JtUghu for sale.in common with members from the West in this pro-po^ed confereeco with South Carolina. I unaerBtand ent Sovereign of England by virtue of Mr. O'Conor's dential canvass is over, seem only puerile and con-.JV-'^DEFIANCE SALAMANDER SAFES.—JBOBERT M.which he was supported.Mr. Reagan then presented Mr. McClernand with•jir--nmi-n>rwr~T_ I - 'mmmmmnm iDryOoodacolumnappearsinourpaperto-day,announcingthecitizensoftheborderSlaveStatesasafeaudproper forththedenunciationofTheRichmondEnquirer, personalphilosophy;andreallyweshouldliketosee thatengineerknewthat"thetrainaheadofhim method of abating agitation, or restoring tran- which informs its roaders that there is great danger how well that would sustain him. Will some philan- " was running with an imperfect engine." quillitytotheslaveholdiDgcommnnities7Itseems thattheConventionwillbeprevented. Atwhich thropicPhilistinerunawaywithMr.O'Conorand Sothenitleaksouthere,incidentiny,thattbe- to ns that, of all thiogs calculated to create and suggestion of its own, The Enquirer immediately, give him an opportunity of testing, in some rice employees on the Hudson River Road knew that perpetuate uneasiness and ill-feeling, such transac- throws itself into an attitude, and declares that swamp or cotton field, the value of his own dis- trains were being run with an " imperfect engine." tions as these, uncondemned by the authorities, are " t h e fate of the Union is more invoked in the fate coveries? As he plies the hoe, we hear him say- Wre should like to knov^ whose fault this is ? Here•ale of this extensive atock without roaerre. fashionable bargain*.A rare cuanoe fortasatnoe.Depot No. 102 FxRoa**., New-York.THOS. Joinrnoxy Ateni.SPALDING'S PREPARED GLUE. Umrm. iv XJT»»T Horren.Fo* 8AXM EyxKTWHXXJi.among the most efficient. If continued, they must " of this measure than in any ever deliberated upon ing to himself: " Slavery is not contrary to the lawin this fact, revealed apparently by accident, comesi Mairafketnredby H.C.SPALDIXGkCo.,No.*aC»dar-»». ' Post-Offico address, Box No. 3,600.BARRY'S TRICOPHEROUSla the boat and cheapest article for Dressing, Beauntif/ying, Cleansing, Curling,' Reatarirut the Hair. Presorving and Restoring »hoAadiea, try It. For sale by Druggists and Perftuneia.*'byalegislativebody." We presume this novel "ofNature." Ashedigslustily,weimagine himMEW-YORK DAILY TRIBUNE, WEDNESDAY, FEBRUARY I, I860resultinretaliationofacharacterdangerousto heir authors.C O N G B E S S Y K 8 T J B R D A Y . Agreeably to our anticipations, the Sham Democ" racy did not continue their adhesion to their new-outtherealcauseofthe disaster,which theCoro- and unusual suggestion will at once bring members soliloquizing:i " 0'Conor,my boy, in order to obtain ner's Jury bad managed to conceal or to overlook, to their senses, and that they will hasten to vote for "the meature of reasonable personal enjoyment nntil the very last words of the verdict were " a n d of usefulness to yourself and others, for uttered, and then |let out as it were by Is it not a farce and a bore that nothing can be "which j ou are adapted by nature, you must re- chance .' It is the Hudson River Railroad man- " main in a state of pupilage under the government agers, themselves, then, who are the realnone, and aconsiderable time has since e'apied arid I hare no possible. Having a larger circulation than any other weekly voting for that Old Whig, Mr Smith, in his usual the slaveholder to be told that h« must let his light- Those who before were inclined to believe him as'xetum of my complaint.I have recently applied your Olive Tar to a bad Sprain, andabandon their hostility to the proposed Conven-racy and entertaining mannet. He declared they tion, on the private and confidential information colored chattels go to enforce his claim against the pious as he professed to be, and doubted his guilt,sweat great drops of blood in doing it, and that a which will be furnished them that the proposed darter ones. Mr. O'Conor would be looked upon, now look upon his sentence as just. It does not painter could have found an original scene for his Convention is only a part of the Presidential pro- in SoutE Carolina or Virginia, as a very suspicious argue mu^h for the discipline of the prison, how-newspaper, it is the very best medium through which to reach all ports of the country. Price, One Dollar a line, each insertion.Advertisements for this week's issue must be handed in to-day.L>x.J. R. MJH>IOKD'.S OLIVK IAR.—Asthis is the season lor repressible Conflict; the equally famous speech of Mr. the Slavery question. His general views were ex- fact, of course they will stand back aud let tne from bis.speech in the Leinmon case, will be "the doubt hereafter the friends of prisoners will be Colds and JKulmonary difficulties, we would again call the atten-found that 1 ww cured in a very short time.I feel it not only upJti»»u>eouta duiyio make this admission toyou, and in r«commending the use ol your remedies as 1 have done, and •hall continue to do, 1 loel th, t i am doing **sood ser- vice," and contributing to-the relief of jutlcan* Oumanity.IYOTT Beady—The Irreprensible Conflict.It contains the famous speech of Mr. Seward atever it may tend to exhibit the kind-hearted traits of Republicans from carrying the election. When The frightful consequences of siding with Lord the keepers, that murderous weapons may be con-Very truly, yours, D. A. MiTCUJsuu The following editorial, written by the Rev. Dr. heonard',pencil, bad he been present on the extraordinary gramme, and that it must be held to prevent the sort of philosopher.occasion.editor of the luxeter (A. H.) Sev>t-Letter, it taken from Muit Eochester, in which he pointed out the fact of the Ir- In the Senate, Mr. Hunter spoke at^ length on they shall be apprised of this solemn aod momentous MansfieJd and opposing Mr. O'Conor, as we learn vened to prisoners without let or hinderance. Nopaper of April 2:MA>>ohi>V IKO.N AND SCLPKLX POWDXKS, and have groat core-fioencein them aa a TONIC, impttting to the system generally ter to certain 2sew-York merchants on the same sub- dent, contenting himself with saying the Southnecessarily familiarizes the public mind with its Unless the black man is kept in his present condi-strength and vigor. We have t«*ted both, and know that there is not the slightest touch ol quackery or imposture counected with them. They are compounded by a practical and scientific chemist, and made comformable to an accurate knowledge of physiology.TU.VtfrkkTMl> CIXCCLAX KKKX MY XAII~Olive Tar, SO cenu a bottle, or 7& cents by mail, nost-paid; Powoers, l$l a package, and uo charge X>r postage, tor i^ 1 50, la mone> or stamps, a Outtle of Oliw i.or and a package of Pow-rtion of subjection he will "apply the torch and of the undertaking w hich he had planned for him-ders will be sent iree by mail Address1 7 *M««n». S. C HXRXI.NO k. Co.OXSTUHIN: Ihe piiuung establishment No. 113 Fnlton-at.npon his fatalism a little more confidently ? If theblack man must be a slave in the nature of things, he would still have been subjected to the fire of theSox.r> BY DRCOOIHTS t.VK«*Ywwxxa. jgj GREAT FIRE IN FULTON AND ANN-STS.N x w - Y o x x , Jan. 30,1860.keepers posted on the upper galleries which connect the two corridors along each tier of cell?. Had heject; and a brief collection of the opinions of eminent man With regard to Slavery. $15 per 1,000; $2 50 per 100; 30 cents per dozen; and 4 cents a single copy. If by Mail one cent each additional must be sent to prepay postage.CONGRESS.SENATE, Jan. 31.—Mr. Iverson (Dem., of Ga.) in-troduced a bill to carry out the provisions of the fif- teenth article of the treaty with Mexico. On motion ofwould take care of herself in that event, if the Re-publicans did not administer the Government in aconstitutional manner—which statement no man have the proper weight with' that print. Let it ished to find a man of^Mr. O'Conor's fine and have become blinded to the obstacles in the way.8. C. H x x x i s o it Co., Patentees and Manufacturers of IIXR-•xixe'hpAixxT CuAXfio.v KJKK ANI> Bcuoi^R-r'KOoy SAXKM,No. 251 Broadwav, corner of Murray-xt., opposite the City Hall, N. C.) withdrew his name from the canvas. Mr. Rea-W»w-\ ©xk- gan (Dem.. of Texas) nominatA.i AT,, xn.nurnand volved in doubt. This argument reminds us of the proverbial period of nine days. Mr. Charlesmoved a vote for Speaker, when Mr. Smith (S. A., oftucky, on Tuesday, Jan. 24, and was fully attended,and a vast deal of enthusiasm was displayed. Ad-the Convention.t••\%, !f|8 -•;said, done, saggested, or intimated in our politics,are unrivaled. They are light, easy, durable, and fit to a charm. found South American friend yesterday, but went either in State Legiblaturee, in Congress, in public "of the gentleman who has been kind enough to offenders in this caseJ It is the gentlemen whoBATGHELOR'S HAIR DYE, WIGS, and TOUPEESSo shrinking nor turning np behind. BATCHHLOK'S HAIR DTH,\he beet inthe world; the only harmleat and roliaOle Dye known, off upon a fresh candidate for Speaker, for whom debate, or in newspaper discussion, but some rous- "kidnap you." Perhaps Mr. O'Conor might find have chosen to run an I" imperfect engine" on theirayplied at the Faotory, removed to No. 16 Bond-at.they were able' to poll 91 votes. Mr. Pennington, ing tool must project into everybody's face the these reflections quite refreshing. On the other track, knowing it to be such, who should rightfullyHOLLOWAY'S OINTMENT.—Asthma, tightness of the Republican candidate, received 116 votes, and[eternal swindle tbat such measure, suggestion, inti-hand, bis respect for Lord Mansfield, for Mr. Chief- bear all the blame of this dreadful disaster. Wethe chest, and the various diseases of the throat and lungs, as well aa the innumerable eruptions and ulcers which attack t skin and flesh, yield invariably to this preparation. thePEREMPTORY SALE AT GENIN'S HA T STORE.—This entire stock of Gents* HATH,Boys' and Youths' Soft HATS,Gents' and Boya' CAPS, Gents*FCRCOI-LARB,FCRGJU>VKS,FCRCAPS,is BOWselling oft' at reduoea prices, to close the concern.GRAIN'S Hat Store, No 007 Broadway.^pdtBM^tihnmWEDNESDAY,FEBRUARY 1,1860.came within one of an election. If this rate of pro- Justice Marshall, and " the Law of Nature," might say, knowing it to be such, for if it was a fact so mation, or what not, involves the fate of the Union?gression holds good, Mr. ^ennington will be chosen The public stomach nauseates at this perpetually be materially elevated. notorious, as the Coroner's Jury plainly consider it, to-day. But, not being able to penetrate the mo- reclining gag. If Virginia wants a Convention of But important as we consider Mr. O'Conor's dis- then the managers of the road kne w it as a matter1the Slave States, why does'nt she go about it in a coveries to be, it must be confessed that groat prac- ofcourse. In spite of the Coroner's Jury, then,sensiblemamier? Lethtrdebatethequestionon ticaldifficultiesbeset theirucvelopment. Asocial wehavegotattheessentialtruthofthecase,and inclined* to predict so speedy an election. If Mr. both sides, and give the natural and proper reasons condition is precicated upon color." Very well. can fix the responsibility where it belongs. ForTOCORRESPONDENTS.tives of gentlemen who have been expected to sup- porthim,butstillwithholdtheirvotes,wefeeldis-Pennington should get Mr. Riggs's vote, or be ableto obtain that of Mr. Briggs, we seem to be justi- speakable absurdity of pretending that the salvationfied in saying he will be elected; but the extraordi-nary co>ne8s which both of these gentlemen mani- one way or the other? The politicians, in thus black slave-woman half fit for freedom aod half for no lees than wanton trifling with the lives of itsdeserving of full recognition, came to the support o contempt for political discussion of all sorts.dressed to hosKAC* Gttxxnxv ic Co. Have not the people of Western Virginia a per-vere upon " evasion and circumvention," and he not amenable to a criminal prosecution.should be willing courageously to follow bis argu-We cannot undertake to return rejected Communications.Business letters >or THK TRIBUNE should in all cases be ad- Mr.Tennipgtom yesterday, aud cast his voce amidfor and against the measure. Wby commit the un- What color ? What is to be done with yellow men? the act of running an " imperfect engine" on a roadol the Union depends upon the decision of the case p e a r ? And is the son of a white master and acuee. The culpabilityof it is self-evident.It isfest leaves the question in doubt.Mr. Winter Davis, with an independence that is and under the ground, do but provoke a universal Mr. O'Conor periously to consider. He is very se- resulted, we see no reason wby the managers areNo notice can be taker, o- Auompniona Commaatcations. What- applause from one side and some expressions of fect right and a most excellent reason for saying ment wherever it may lead him. When this black The crazy plot of the; wife-murderer Stephens toever is intended lor iniertion must be authenticated by the disapprobation from thft other. Mr. Davis is abun- name and address o» the write*—nor necessarily for publica-tion, but as a guaranty for hi.- good ;nJt>'.>.dantly able to take care of himself, both in theenAXLxsG.GXXR,NewPost-OfficeBuilding,isanAgentfor Houseandoutofit. Hewillcertainlyhaveto undertaketoanswertheirargumentsbytbostupid, Circassianestablishesitself,andyetnoemancipa- havebeenreprievedbytheGovernoryesterday;Jhe sale of THB TXJ»C?TR in HARTFORn, Conn. To Advertiser*.look somewhere else than to the ranks of the Sham Democracy of the House to find his equal.senseless cry that they are endangering and dis- tion has followed, will Mr. O'Conor admit that but his friends, who had been moving in his favor,solving the Union? Besides, it is needless folly. there may be_such a thing as a natural right ? Alas ! upon hearing of the detection of his desperate andThosewho wish to advertise inT H EW I E K L TMr. Etheridge of Tennessee characterized the We have no doubt that gentlemen opposing the if he should, to what fearful perils should we be criminal resolve, telegraphed t) the Executive, with-that they don't want their territory to be made theman has become a white man; when by successive effect his escape by killing his keepers has effectu-theater of a contest between hostile forces ? Wnybleachings the African tint has disappeared, and the ally sealed his doom. It was thought that he mightTxiBrux, will please send in their announcements aa early as acts and appearance of the Sham Democracy in measure will, in tfae end, all give way, and exposed ! It would not at all appease the wrath of, drawing all that they had advanced in his behalf.The Virginia Senator declares that the South ha-<Democrats, however, promised that a vote should be never been the recipient of bounties from the Gov- yers. He makes but a mouthful of Lord Mansfield ihe country where it would be otherwise. There manfully, in deipite of all attempts to drive themment of Common Schools in New-York. Among the resolutions, one by Mr. P . P . Murphy, calling on the Controller for a statement of the expenses in the Quar-annually, if we reckon after the usual "free-trade fashion, so much in favor with Mr. Hunter.O'Conor is wiser than all the civilians together, and erful as in any other. .We have a common ances- pronounces their conclusions to be idle and inflated try, a common history, and a common flag.tion of the Democrats and Disunionists to the South Americans, he had ceased to have a plurality of thetaken up, and Mr. McGraw's amendment providing |5OO,0OOwas debated. The bill to provide for the com- pletion of the Canala, and the bill to levy Tolls on Railroads, werealsoconsidered. Several billswere read a third time and passed.Pantheon of reformers, should the world happen to that they are now at issue upon the questionHOUSE, Jan. 31.—In Committee, several bills were does a tenth part BOmuch of it as the Southern ordered to a third reading, among them the bills au- men.thorizing a Regimental Armory site in Troy; relative We must allude to one other novel suggestion of to witnesses before Municipal Committees; authorizing Mr. Hunter. He wears the palm of ingenuity, County Courts to change names; authorizing Super- among Southern orators at least. He proposes, or visors to regulate salaries of Special Judges; and au- thinks we might have, the present Union supplantedagitation on the surface, but it does not move orthey can derive consolation from the event in ques-thorizing the National Bank of Albany to reduce its by "three or four Unions," and that such an capital stock. Several billswere read a third time andA dispatch informs us that a.bill for a Conven- Convention being up in the House of Delegates,although thoroughly enslaved, were more highly in the premises, against the overwhelming sentiment Capitol in expectation of witnessing the. closingThe Republican State Central Committee, at that the object of the proposed conference is to consult «*d Patent PowoW r*roof Defiance LuCXa and Gxoiut-tfAxa. Albany yesterday, agreed upon calling a State Con- about disunion and seceosion. This I learn from sheaxiom, slightly altered .to suit the circumstances. temptible, in view of the profound character and?ATUCX, Sole Manufacturer of the aoove celebrated SAyxa,A W J^re and Burglar-froof Aideboard and Parlor 6xrn*. for vention at Syracuse on the 19th April next, to elect CommiBsioner sent here from South Carolina, Disso- The proposition of the Engliuh Tories is and always liver plate, «tc Dtpot, So. 63 Murray-st., corner of College-* * • > ^DR. MARSH continues to apply hi* RADICALCvxx Txcaa with succeea, in etteetins; permanent cores of Her- asta or Xoptoxe, at No. %Vosev-st. Uadies waited npon by a fe-Delegates to the Republican National Convention.The injunction restraining the Common Council part of the Sta;e of Virginia which, if civil war said, in his Age of Louis XIV., "Some nations imaginations and restless brains. The broad pa- eignty man.mmlmfatprivate rooms. Also, TxcMXa of every description for of this City from granting to the New-York and ever comes, will have to bear the. brunt of it.permanent retention of Rupture, Batning Trusses, Supporters, BjaowUet-'Braeea, Suspensory Bandages, Silk Elaatic Stockings, **ss Cope, Aeikleu and all bursal appliance- aclenttficaJUy •ppHed, by MAMMH k Co., So. 2 V esey-st., N. Y.J. R. BURDSALL'SMr. Etheridgo followed with a most damaging*xa*io« vespsuole oU. Xor all theAcxxa .XD Pxnra^ ^* ^ wCourt at Albany.blaze of tire in thirty days after the Union shall be " whites have over the blacks." How our accom- excite and spread these mental fervors, is equally dissolved. The Western people will have the frontier plished advocate will relish this grouping of Irish- disgusting. They are all alike evil birds of night,thsvt httauan flesh is heir to, it is without equaL ilKsva.Twa, Bxoiaxa, Sfmixa,e>Tsin la tbo Bide or Breast, Sore Throat, «tc, yield to a lew an. fMcirtsms Beware of counterfeits, and buy none but Bcxa- s u u / S original article- Sold by all druggist*. Prioe 25cFIRE PROOF SAPES.S-rauutx* it MaJtvix'aW l l D S J t P*TK«rT SAJUAMAXOMKBwrenieoa axd a an]f years in use.—Of Twelve Thousand aoldgentlemen seem to think we have no interest in thenvoking the aid of the South for Mr. McClernand'* otes, against the Wilmot Proviso and other greatests.Mr. VaUandigham protested that his vote for Mr. mith was given in good faith and would be rc-PIXX and B trx«LAa-r*xooF SAXXS,With Hall's Patent Powder-Proof Lock*, Jmjfofj the groateet security of any Safe in the wo*id.«. C. BxMJUjre k. Co., No. 2*1 Broadway, opposite City Hail, N.The telegraph at Cincinnati informs urof another questions are weighty, and should be considered. We upon his limbs, and should carry him, no matterhad a Hartford Convention, or conference, during the where, to do no matter what, unless he had the sa- proaching train; they properly reproach the con- for Mr. Gilmer, and the Democrats followed theirPOSTAGE STAMPS (3and10eeoiv),foruUeatteen individuals have thia time been expelled by mob came out politically disgraced."friends would have the smallest right to complain, because bis fate would demonstrate fully that he de-Thomas M. Tryniski 309 South 4th Street Fulton New York 13069charged IUBduty; and they then, curiously enough, it seems to us, censure the engineer of the train that committed the damage for not running at leesClernand under a ooutract, a* I stated two days ago, and was cheered by the Democratic aide.Horace Clark followed his leader with uo marksSAM,Committee, so much complained of because it is not ple will be very much obliged to this philosophical BOorganized aa to give the control of its proceeding toadvocate for a formula which will supersede discus-I.outrage perpetrated in Kentucky oa the persons of war »f 1812, to consider of disunion. What became offree white citizens of that State. No less than eigh- the men who went into that assemblage ? Sir, they gacity to escape, neither he nor his family and ductor, who failed to see that the brakeman dis- own preferences. Mr. Briggs voted for Mr. Mc-The morning express train from this city forBoston, yesterday, ran off the track near Palmer, freparatory measures to be taken in thin conference,and one car waB thrown down an embankment. A brakeman was so severely injured that he has since died. Mr. and Mrs. Biddies, actors, and the Rev. Merrill Richardson, were ueriously injured. Sometljink we WewUirn people have an interest in thisVoltaire had as good a right as Mr. O'Conor has toindulge in eccentricities of assertion. Indolent peo-ligence of the country with their seuseless ravings.AN KXTRAOftDIlV ABY VERDI*?*. The Coroner's Jury in the case of t*o Hudson RiverRailroadaccident return amo^ extraordinaryMO have boon tested in accidental tires. We invite Purchasersto oall and examine the Certificate*, of tome ot the moat reapeet-svble ytmxs in the Country. A large assortment for sale at the twenty other passengers w^ere aLso somewhat tion, how would the boundaries between the two con-selves incidentally present They properly censure the brakeman, who neglected his plain duty in not goingbackasufficient distance to warn the ap-****'No.40Mnuuw., Kxw.Yp.ut. HEERJXG'S PATEMT CHAMPIOKbruiaed. federacies be settled ? By phyeical power, I suppose! creature should, to-morrow, enter the office of Mr.Which party would be willing to surrender the navi- O'Conor, should put a gag in his mouth, and shackles gaiion of the Ohio and Mississippi Rivers? TheseAll these efforts and appeali produced no im- pression on those designed to be reached.law on account of their opinion* on Slavery.W eIn these highly practical observations, other gen-and matticates Black stone in a bite. Never was is a sentiment of loyalty and patriotism, of pro-the case of the sugar-growers. But Mr. Hunter ihere such an insatiate glutton of precedents. digious power, in all homogeneous nations. It is tered, nor broke their ranks. The Republicansernment in tha form of protective duties, except inis no such light as a judicial right to declare any- strong for that—perhaps even it may be stronger.American people not leesthan ten millions of dollar- thing contrary to the Law of Nature. Mr. Throughout this country this sentiment is as pow- This he did in'view of the fact that by the capitula-nothing new or striking. We have only the old points rehashed. He aeks, why agitate tnexSlavery question ? We reply, who agitates the Slaveryquestion ? We know of nobody and no party that to a great merit and a great misfortune, for he iscourt defeat. As this -was not their object, but whether Slavery shall be subjected to fixed limita- success rather, they adopted the only course leftpresent form of Government. If any such plan ductions. A more convenient proposition we dofies the tempests of the hour. The great body of MAGNETIC TELEGRAPH, the people are composed and tranquil, and every-should ever be adopted, we would have one of those Unions made very small, say about the size of South Carolina. If we could get Messrs. Toombs, Jeff.not, in air the history of controversy, remember to have noticed, although the Puritan " Resolved,A bill has been introduced into the Texas Legia- Davis, Brown, Clay, and a few more such/ to move tunately it is also a proposition in which every racewho talk of breaking up the Union as flippantly as though it were no more than a crate of damaged crockery.lature providing for the imprisonment of Norfchorn preachers, teachers, and trade agents.A bluttering mow-storm prevailed at 11 p. m. last night. The windWas so strong that whatever snow fell was scattered in every direction.into that Union, we think, perhaps, one other would suffice for the rest of the country.VIRGINIA IN A FJBtUWBNT.has a common property, when the terms of it are suitably varied. I t is just as.easy for a black man to despise Mr. O'Conor, as it is for Mr. O'Conor to despise a black man, and the contempt of the One isHere, in the heart of Old Kentucky, a border cratic caucn* hat night commenced its labors earlybe of his mind. Future ages will either worshipWhere does the taint of the African blood disap- like the Hudson RiverRoad there can be no ex-running this question of Dissolution into the ground, slavery? These are questions which it becomes passengers; and, considering the slaughter that hasscheme be consummated. The Enquirer thus era- „". dissolution of the Union "—an event of which our compelled to submit to be searched before enteringimaginary terrors.W e trust tbe&e considerations may hereafter " explode our Republic forever." W e are aston- self and Sanchez, or else in his desperation he mustcould object to. But the radicalism and extrava- take our advice, and not fire big charges at small equitable mind condescending to frighten ratherSupposing that he had succeeded in dashing out of his cell and slaying one or both of the keepers on the lower floor, which is in itself quite improbable,gance of some of Mr. Hunter's ideas are always in striking contrast with his measured language:and me deration of manner. Thus he remarked yester- day, that there was not a respectable form of civilization ever established that was not based ongame.It is a shocking waste of ammunition.than convince his hearers.Why does he not relyaud give pain to the modesty of his character by soSlaver}-. But his argument against the restriction frequently introducing him to our admiring readers, the Republic. If Mr. O'Conor had the slightest and his companion succeeded in gainingjthe yard,and No. -IS Anu-st., oocupied by ourHelven and Robert Conner of Mr. Fitch (Dem., of Ind.) 15,000 extra copies of the of Slavery was perhaps the most novel portion of our extenuation mu«t be that Mr. Charles O'Conor confidence in his own theory, he would be calm, there would still have been the patrol, armed withThe New-York Ledger, was yesterday morning consumed byfire; the atock of both concerns ww totally destroyed. Our Presidents message were ordered printed. Mr. his speech. He asserted that, as yet, free society is quite too original a man to be lightly considered confiding, and fearless. lie would no more dreadrevolvers, to overcome, beside three or four terrible booAs. papeis, and some hundreds of dollar* in bank-bills, were Grimes (Rep., of Iowa) was excused from serving on was an experiment, and that it was uncertain how or briefly entertained. If some bright morning a revolution than the disappearance, of the sun at mastiffs, which are loosened at night. Havingl n o n e o f > o u r hampiou Sales, and, alter oeing exposed for 30hour* to tne fiery ordeul, bas delivered up its contents without the Committee on Private Land Claims, when Mr. the experiment would result, while Slavery had megatherium should come crawling down Broad- noon-day. Weak men may tremble; Mr. O'Conor whipped those, by which time the whole prisonthe lost of a single dollar. .Experience teaches us we want no Douglas's resolution, relative to inter-State invasion,other Safe butyuur*. WYJJKOOP, HAXUCNBSCS &. THOXA3. been found a stable basis of society. It was, in fact, way, devouring at every corner a respectable citi- should be in the higbebt possible spirits.would have been aroused and the neighborhood alarmed, they would have to undertake the task of climbing the 30-foot wall, cutting through the iron-$1,C00 RXWARD will be paid to any person that can show that contents in an accidental kr«.compli. Thus he argued it was unreasonable toHOUSE, Jan. 31.—Mr. Sherman (Rep., of Ohio) exclude a stable (brm of society from the Territo- fare by his bellowings, we could not undertake toS T R E N G T H O F T I I E U N I O N .A Union meeting was held at Louisville, Ken- ehealhed outer doors, or sawing through the heavybats of th* Sessions windows, and the doors be- yond. And then, had they effected either of these improbabilities,andovercomethesegrimobstacles,HIXK of UM>iuo*t appioved lu&kern, (many of which aro almost the vote was proceeded with, resulting as fol- moderate qualities in every respect. He defended figure, he is the African Knife-Swalloper of this ticular friend of Cook, who was bung with John prison surrounded by the reserve police of th« u^w.) which 1 have taken in exenange for Linnix's CIIILLKD A.XDWHOCHHT IxoH tfAXRa. Call aud exombie a largo variety, at the lows: For Mr. Pennington (Rep., of N. J.), 110; himsoif on the ground that he always preferred to exciting drama. Anti-Slavery arguments may be Brown, Mr. Guthrie Of Kentucky, and other gen- Sixth Precinct, from the adjoining station.ries, and insist upon the introduction of one in- dispose of the monster in these columns within theaiecaeo w a c delivered oy. Orov. Magoflin of Ken- %*^THIRTY-FIVE SECONDHAND SAFESlor SALE.— (Dem.,of111.) Mr.Mdlson(Dem.,ofVa.) seconded puo&u<»~..fon'Ai0/,+Arwhocasthisvoteforahighly O'Conor\°-»w'ttimegaMierium. HeistheDodoI wiU seli, at very low prices, SXCOXD-HAXD SAVXS Of XVXRT this nomination, and, after various explanation?, objectionable candidate in preference to a man of of the Pro-Slavery menagerie. To change the tucky, Gov. Willard of Indiana, the uncle and par- they would only have gained the street to fiod thei Mr. Mc "learn thewarehouse of Howx'i IXKKUVKH HTA.NDXHD SCALKS. h'xAXX K. Howx, No. 203 Broadway,First bloch below the Astor-House.WATCHES— GOLD WATCHES.The largest anl most kpleudld osaortmeut of WATCUXK In the city is to be found at O. O. Au).i'ii, No. 4l» tfroadway. As he is constantlv receiving all descriptions of Watches direct txoax the manufacture/a in e.anUad, Fiauce, and Switzerland, he ienabled to otter a vrry huge assortiiient, and at the very lowespnooa. Watches cleaneo and regulated iu the best maimer, by bad promptly on reassembling the next morning, and tbo Soeat Loudon aud Oet>eva workawa^A few second-hand Gold Engiisn Fatent Levers for sale for the House adjourned. $ 40 each.Some of the hypercritics are trying to draw con- 44a d—d Fascal." Mr. Huuter's argument seems itation, swallows them without a cough, and digest* pressed, and whenever expressed received with solation from the fact that the Republicans declaredfor Mr. McClernand (Dem., of 111.), 91; for Mr. vote for a man of established character, to one of long or short, sharp or dull, but Mr. Charles tlemen.Gilmer, (S. A., of N. C), 5; for Mr. McQueen (Dem., O'Conor takes them between his teeth without hes- The sentiment of nationality was strongly ex- of S. C), G; for Mr. MilJson (Dem., of Va.), 6; scat- none, and he knew the man he voted for to beand to ( mote its not main ing on hiNo d'-»c to the vNi Lane to special irA conn eioner of . ccrvatic is teret-t rn bMr. IV] ry out (ti< Treatv wiA'.r.'Ki: print 15.Ox aud at.corMr. CM from tor Claims.Mr. DOMr. Ill a comiiiet live. 11ii are anr..«?d defend th Stares. V that eomp< a monopolWest tlit-y the Sourli J staples t i ( int^rei?: v but depend are two ho five million larce. tr.rh to suppote three u> toi era coTT.tr.e distance to of Coven coasting a nnrier rbe and the sai commerce<complain cnce.of !.i e. always mi labor Hi'Jtween l«>t aa principl the Con.-ti these other eminent, tiiar, .except werebm a of the Statetperfect, in d to a mighty are enabled is perhapsu it not appa constate i" African Si whole l'a-1 jjomethin;and coinnil weight ittal arch. It a< vast a t<tri Miani.6 toject ol" pe ft commence was count petition, iheater oipetition* \>l\ the Uotis-titf to-abolish moch to at blacks, place, he £et a Ian mbor. . it that the tlsSouth. A his happait tationtowtas thisthe cou»tiu waa not to cited by thji theee snam«; by Personatering, 9; necessary for a choice, 117. An adjourn- ment was then moved by Mr. Winslow (Dem., of N. C), which was resisted by the Republicans. Theto us to run in similar grooves.?hem without a pang. He breakfasts upon modern prolongrd and enthusiastic cheers. W e do not. be- philanthropists zmd he lunches upon ancient law- ieve such a meeting could be held in any part oftheir determination to stick to Sherman for Speaker.alter the fact, and nobody will be able "to explode"open to defeat their adversaries. It is no wondereither a wonder or a witling.Mr. O'Conor's pet proposition may be given as threaten the foundations of the riational life and tion, all we can say is, they are satisfied with atreat him with that reverence which is due alike affect the basis of the great sentiment of nationalityVirginia iBin a new ferment over Mr. Memmin. worth as much as the contempt of the other. There Slave Slate, we hate a rousing Union' meeting, in this morning, hoping to effect a combination byger's mission. This gentleman at<ked Virginia tois no limit, and there never has been any, to these answer to the empty gasconade of Southern bullies which success might possibly be attained. Mr.call a Convention of the Slave' States to consider prejudices of race against race. Conqaerors| some- in Congrees, and tbeir wretched half-way echoes, McClernand waa nominated, principally to retainAletterontheIvesandHazzardcontroversyin theircircumstances,latelysomuchdisturbedand timesrespecttheconquered,whenresistancehas likeVallandighamofOhio,andFitchofIndiana, Mr.Riggs,whovotedforhimyesterday,andtoRhode Island will be found on the third page of this paper.e>complicated by the incursion of Capt. Brown. Ituniversal extent of this sentiment. They are based a lame recommendation.lution of the Uiiion aud the formation of a Southern has been this: "Irishmen alone and unaided by the on no public demonstrations; they rest on no move- Mr. Hill of Georgia immediate notified theConfederacy is the prime object of this mission. I, Sir. ment of the people; they seem to be the fruit of House that his American friendehad not been con.It is useless to talk of disunion and secession "seem made to be subject to others. The English triotism and solid common sense of the nation' re- street*- of the City, was continued yesterday by war, aud nothiiig t>Lee but. war. Come when it " mind, riches, and arms. La suj>6riorit6 que lesmay, the Ohio River and that part of the State "Manes ont sur les noirs—the superiority which the running its bellows by steam, in order the more to his fritnds, adroitly referring to the. agony of theYonkers Railroad Company permission to lay orfor the purpose of forming a Southern Confed- " have ever had over Irishmen the superiority of pudiate them all. The effort of an industrious commentary upon the conflicting views of theconstruct a railroad track in any of the avenues or eracy .without expecting war. Dissolution will be partisan metropolitan press, that finds its profits in Democracy and *n.e position of Mr. Douglas andto defend for more than three hundred miles, and yet men and negroes we do not know; but certainly croaking in dismal concord, and insulting the intel- tuvgestions, and Mr. Millson came to the tftjoue,the large slaveholding districts; Sir, I think that we are ias much interested as gentltmon living far fromsion. Given enslavement, the right to enslave is towhat would be the seat of war. In case of separa- be considered beyond dispute. If some superior verdict in the case, considering *AOfacts they them- eated.Such was their purpose, and they executed it rightThe first Southern Americans on the rollled off - -jiisi,,..-.•>cr' :j-".\".wwww.fultonhistory.com 