 1\% Wt\B-%ath^t. yewrttwk tetti. oiadonofBrooUyBbatevenbig. nenewdattof base and ev9iaHj aa to wMliold a Totetee anj —* -ipntinr irhitiniin"TBi lii(nr^Me ineidrnt «r ^^^ ttiP,irii[fitl»V-rOBK, WEDN^AT, OOTOBKB 31. IMfi. UMWTBB NSW'YOHB. TOIBS.PaMUxd la th* Itan* BaOiUiiKi tn^iag the City bB PHk. oa Fark-rawrSiraw ud Nmirtu ita.Bbast'blecturewas WhoareWatrAftercoa-plunder oftfibae who aeek to take paange atthis port for Europe, California and (Alier dis-trantdeatinationa. The District-Attbrney con-corwa lamentationa over (h^tranpied biw of natlonaoan haidjf be oonaidered a aeriooa element of pertnrbatioa in flie Eoropeaa ^a-thenanlacuA «T«nfiig-PrieeTwo Chbw, terred «t ia>« Tta MW-TOBK TOMS (8aiBt-W«*l7)-TH»x« Doi-of decline. It is more ^obable, now, that the State of South Carolina must be as the sole ofTheiebBoaoow that the war WiU be soon tefmiBated.;i.. T.jji-havingNotiiingprobable.Ilussia, Prus-Dt^aitmentamplehave Reserve, tebeenraJtmCESFOBThecase was continued yesterday at Chambers o( the Supreme Court, before Justice Lxobard, and willAlbany Regency responsible, the—•-mH lend iwBisnviUe. uifbnnktioa of the mattersent to Key West it was thence commonicatad telegraph to this (Sty, and tlie accused was arrest-The Warprotectionoperate against atfCionz, whoTnu—Caih inTarlably In adranoe.question,PronHtoraoftheNxw-TOBXTvaa,Ner-YorkCity.view of certain defeat, all men to solemn in the nature of diplomatic action and no' oonv tlieypald outAria at this port, anil the Fulton off Cape Race. Our Quebec correspondent gives particulars of asuade the people of its valuegolda series of toexcitement that has sprung up in the vicinity of*' :extent by hisprecise spotin ofUnion, that the argument has lost its force.theCanada abounds inmetals, and most val-" is at the Chaudiere-River, about twelve"miles from Quebec, a place where gold was pickedand the Union mind with the idea of a Southern itself, if resisted. popularupyearsAttorney-General, in his determination to se-timid and conservative masses of the free neys of the past would never have brought diplomatic demonstration made by three of the posing an indefinite number of tremendous well as the States, to settle their domestic a&irs indiggingstheThisriably succeeded that its authors have come litical history might have been gravely modi-someago, but in such small as quantitiesmenace of disunion has so inva-leader,the course of events in our recentpo-not to attract much attention at the time. It seems,rathersuperfluouslyexcitedamongthe friendsSpring, openly declared tiimself in favor of practicalpreciousuable copper mines were recently opened and arenow being worked under the auspices of an Amer- ican company. It is an open question, however,namethaninsubstance. Asidefrompartisuipolitics, of all cabinets to the of under fraudulent in Califoiaia is aot we are satisfied that Col. Basii will prove a 'wise,advantageous to the Province. theirIn the Supreme Court at Albany, yesterday, thecondemn, by event of disobedience to Southern dictation, isprotest presented byRussia and Prussia against the course of the under fraudulent contested claims is butanti-rent suits were finallyof had Appetdsdisposed affirmed theand as such we commend it to the earnest at-COHHESCIAL NEWS.Sam Fkascisco, Wednesday, Oct. 17.of (he Snpreme Court in favor of the landlords, and now an order was entered declaring the judgments of the two Courts identical. Under this decision the landlords can proceed at once to issue execu-tions.alreadyjudgmentttes. the Athencura was for the first 'tiia% thrown him tUmay ^matter ofIS-a Chtt of FIYH tooCity,arrivinghereontheMd steamaUp than inst. in theexUbita8|inptom8regarded pivotopinion might be looked for in the same sense.WhyTwias—What Is It t—Josxth aii> his Buthus. Democrats, as they choose to call themselves, HOOLET k CAUPBELL'S, NlblCs Saloon-EiBiOFiAS and that all tlireats of resistance or secession, KataatAiinuKTB. in the event of Lincoln's election, come froihNXW BOWBBT THXATBE—Ross Euos—Raocl.dulgein threats of disunion.is it, then,ArrivaloftheOreriaadBjtpreee New CaliAralm aad Oregea.the Northern 'cravens andwaswere made by Senator Sewabs, who presided, Mr. ecration for its servileHmBT J. Batvond, and others. The Wide- repeaters.whom have its value after the 6th of anditAccordingALyons, Wayne County, yesterday, in whicn oversycophantsacqtdred adone in tonnage. The ship Meteorgreat Republicandemonstration took at placeit can excite in may not beonly altogethertofifteen thousand persons took part. Addresses the pqj^c mind a feeling of contempt and ex-Awakei made a very imposing disi>lay in the even- em braggarts Oiemselves mustvery Attorney,indifference, would at once demand hisA demonstration of theCongressional District was held at the Cooper In-stitute, last evening, in behalf of their candidatefor Congressman, Hon. FkkdksiCK A. ConuiXO.It wasangathering. The Speakers were Messrs. BOBIRT H. ply the impudent disclosaie of a treasonable McCoaBY, Chas. a. Dana and Hon.LIT, of Philadelphia. The friends of thepurpose,pointed sub-agent by a third.tation against the character friendlypasMge-tickets, held a meetmg yesterday mormngat V6. 86 Greenwich-street, at which theof Judge BD881U. in the late trial of Ward, in th3 Court of Sessions, for ticket-swindling, formed the principal topic of discussion. A letter from A. J. Watbbbcbt, Dtstrict-Attomey, expressed entire diaaant from the opinions of ibe City Judge, and stated that an early opportunity would be taken to have the matter brought to the attention of theappreciate the degradation of yielding to suchinfluencesevidence that the person given authority was not antention ofquitting asignified capital inBoooHJUat tMiabldt>«fpermittedtohold the offices and the squandertheif not ostentatiously, from the coursea conference at Lawrence on the The river at this potot isBepublicansOn the 26ih it blew a hurri€»ne, acoompaided by hail uuUl three o'clock, P. M.. when a heavy snow-exceedingly large and enthusiastic Wm. D Kbl-ing penalties forof defence was that the prisoner had been ap-against such a superfluous compromise of theenthusiasm is at least as rare in autocratic cabinets as it is in theTo these exposures of theal's rhetoric Mr. Jones adds the still mure rious revelation that Mr. Black has deliber- ately charged the Mexican Government withelection of Mr. Benjamin Wood to represent the Third Congressional Dis-ess responsible walks of life.Were this not so, the circumstance that the manufacturing forged documents of title toeonaeqnence.loasshimselfpower to transfer his authority.and isTreaHe Reparteil ia Kaaaas.Oct M.atHudson, Vanck and|Franklm streets, last evenineagent,of the Sikth;the junction ofof snow,growing eold.meeting,Addresses were made by Mayor Wood, Henbt treasonable threats, in pery Free, and in sev-^"^i' "°i.«"edjnAbohlarius, Dr. Bhadford, Mr.others.The Board ofUpon these factsJudge RusseHl instructedRussian Minister near the Court of Turin, support fraudulent claims in California, and Count Staceelbebo, has for several months that he has advanced this indescribable impu-He.nnesbt "anderal of the the Slave States, duringpresent the that juryLiAviawacH, K. T., Tuesday,a on the that in the famous Limantour The Timet of Ols city has hiformation fianBenevolent Socie-the Hospital were received iwoiOregon and the ernment iniich haa brought our public affairsfrom absent persons, by letter,igationtbDMaoKMBKilW to 9W)0O. Among the donors was OoT. y^f^AM, wb9 sent a complimentary letter in-M. Boniface in theover ofNorth in^Djwn^by^- Stoa-J^p(iMat;'Wid ~terms of Union. Wesolenm wail set up byjpepudiatloncloahig ^ttS^^^'^'Jamm V.BRAjnr daliveled the opening lectureis reported that a ?^'rCarS-^^raneVruUngsand the feeling seems to be gen-open, aaditwasfiUadfbrthe oeoadoh by a laneleat iie-eateiagreat importanoe to the potilio, ia in regaid to Itaitf lirw aiiMe^ ipMMr«fThe Ciand appreciative aodiaoc*. The anbiect of m. reaiat expulaion from ofice t "onita final decision moat i»^ leat(heaafetyfrom lafraaea. ButaaK.BmnrapttandUiaIV» DoUan m^ a Self « W^fT?^^'The n«w-t5bk times <w«»"^L?^"id^' ed by Officer Nms, of the Second Precinct, on thea^^^ -_:_/%-- n«77>iy ojr *ij camp«ua*«m. The ^.•toTspecimen „iabertforw.rdedonappUo«ti«D.the Southernrevolntion,and that the rest ofwill defer the gent Democrats that the Republican Klectoral cally legitimist, may wry well be expect-CALirOBiak I. publtahed on the of erery Mall rteamer. Price, in wrappers.der of But diplomatic "obserra- things.golddc41ai>iato(iasMdeputnreAre cenM for nSngle copies."' •*irra ffcs Thh»m| —tvilla»8difcedM- (j.The Ttaea ftr OalUkTBlm.Tau TnoB taa, Caufobvul, deaigned for circu-terday, UMoBInSpuaiiliAmarioa,CalUanla,Oregon,Wadi--' tablishedontheSharelist at thedoselagtoB, Btittah Ck>lainbia lad the Saa^twfek Islands, SSlVcent.; Erie, 31; Galena, 79; imnoiB,T4 andBock Island, 66^ W' cent No change in Money. pendence,the and to fix it on the general ruin,V centisaoMl To-Moaiow tThnisday) Monmrs, In ample time The movements in Breadstuffs were less exten-oxB and Chubch will find it difficult totime, it must be remembered that the society clear their skirts of blame. It was on their of this interview. Certainly this is especially reasons. This recotnage; however, applies to fikeml Blmll li riiiiiiiii [liiilinlliii iiiiiiKiiiiiliijis. alll In below 108for, (he. sleanuUp , which sails lor As- sive. Prices of Floor favored buyers. Cottonof South Carolina is singularly well organized,true of who has at the original or eaiUer fisues; wliieh, ft Is kaowa, «>• Russia, best but a very smaller in cbcomfigreaM and thicker than the Warat tt M. The Kail cMk10 A. K. Frloe of the paper, In a stout wrapper,naOf for mailing, S e^ts a sopy. Ageais wiH quiet.at Syracuse, and it was upon this entering wedgepinraUend in their orders as early as possible.ABaanmaata tkia ETealnc. ACiiBBinr or UUaiC—Vnrumoinnt.MBLCSGASOKN-Othiuo.LAURA EEENE'S THKMBE—FsTSIO A>I> Fahot— Tat BieSAS's Ofxxa.andofthelattersix mllUoDSIn Onacomplaintafewdayssince,fiomFhUadeiplla, two hundred thousand dollars of the newer itiilsn were sent from New-York to the Mint, wheaee UtfWIHTKB 6ABDXN—Uacbxth.WAIiUlOE'S THXATBE—PUTIKS WRB Fiai.make their minds to upat the Fost-oltce atAugustSeedswere restricted.The were moredirectandmoreopenlyrecognizedCANAI/iSTREET—No. 3(6—Weitlock's Fbii Gauixt that party ? Nearly or quite half the popular Lincoln is to beties.Here is a fineprospectof work for the01 On FAmiitas.NEWS OF THE DAY.We are in receipt of papers and correspondence inaa the City df Hexico tgi the 17th inst. We ob-interpretedvictorycanvassers of otir City and State votemost noble consummation, truly,^ those ef-forts of political gestation wtiich have resultedFranoisco, Tuesday, Oct. 17—1 P. M.rec i ms from his Govemmeht to holdSeptember,suchtemptationto threatendisunion,theirimpetuous passionsofothersofthePresident'sagainst mine in theThe parties complaining are Ughly req)ectable.anestfon hi aU iu leit It bnmeheajieThe 8o«th and (he PresidcBtial Eleeliom. ^Bbeet iaformed of our Southern correa- On the ITth iast, the firm of Oabiajosi, POBlWta begin to asaore oa that the extreme.sidering (histobefinallydecidedbyhislieaiers. Hislecturevras well received throoj^Krat <Ipeeial IMapateh it tfaa Vsv.y,^ Tl«ik ^VWamiwsm,Tbabzabal & Ccludes his letter by giyjjig notice that he willtem,of have legitimacyo., madiants at HavtOk, Cuba, excitement which has for some time past T*» BIW-TOIIK TIMXS OteUy) «• pobU»hed erery were robbed of about -.930^000, by a maananad reigned the in in-panic-makeraseixed upon the opportunity to prepagate theMonday evening, at a house in the Second-avenue.tBg OD the Pawnees.oner resulted in the of about of the recovery $1I,0(H)majority variouBly esthnated at betw^ to Piedmont on a course which con- fiftyand seventy thousand. For this result the* flicts most decisively wi^ all 4ieDisfatoh to the Aasoeiated Pnas. WAsanraioa, Toesdar, OeL MlAs much has reoentiy been said in tte paUieDevlin^case.and a further rise of 1 »> cent was es-peculiar State, and occupies a quite exception- position Eepublic.have the ideas of the permanence of Slavery,as the of the three Northern Pow- thanaeytteagriai*- sovereigns turned in-bosiness transactions, then appeadag to teers were to meet in conclave at Warsaw on a redundancy of them anuaig rmnmciiiilil Hamm,the 20th October, tliree days after the sailingvote of the South will be given for Mr. Belland Mr. Douglas,States dence, indebted for itsmainly, under Provi-not one of these voters leaders avows disunion senti-condi- abase-yetas the initial act in the final exclu- sionof the South from all control in thepresent salutarythe StormKing,forHongKong,andJomsn, for Sydney.or theirments, although they are deeply interested intion of moraldisciplineandpenitentialpoliticalIs not this acourage, and the intelligence which actuate in which the antecedents of ourall these dLsastets the bhune is laid by the Vizier of our Old Public Functionary, took itgreat majority of Democrats on the shoulders upon himself to make the first of these ques- tached to him for attempting to enter the port In a?tain seme particulars of the capture of Guadala- Are these men destitute of the patriotism, the of the candidate in the only Statesof aand blame isby the Liberal forces, and the event is gener- ally regarded as the turning point of the civil wsir. h wonid ai9>ear that the suffering of the people inof the Albany the State to theirand with the loss ofjarathe city while the siege lasted v^aspoliticalhis-Regency, party bygreat that the boinl»rdinent had to be suspendedfor about three hours, in order ttiat women andchildren might leave the town. The Mexican pa-pers do not contain an account of the Ikll of Gua-dalajara, but the passengers who left the capital onthe iTth report that the city was taken on the 11thinst. Next to tiiia great Liberal victory, the mostimportaiit11l)>ai» of the news is the withdrawal ofthe BrilM^MIWer from the capital—^e havingcentralizingvery greatsowanting theytrsd and brbken.cabal must be foreverresult in the State of—notthatunion, in the«vent of defeat ?Slavety.strangethingsjorities which are now rallying to the support Republicanchargepilotshe'grounded,at-If they be in these virtues, how comes it never menace the North with dis-the East and of Europe, assisted by Captain Eobbt, Marine Surveyor for Llots's, held a survey upoa tUithe supporters of BitECKurBioax ihave made thetory unhappily RepublicanParty for the present possible, are the protest •f-the nation not only, nor even perhaps chiefly against the extension of Slavery intomoves one party in that section to be disloyalStated of the )7orth the opponents of Repub- licanism, as a political party in and by itself,Hunt,ai)d Duer, partiesofmonopolistto theUnion,while anotherparty,which em-when the result of theno eJTi^ Ujl^feft witAhe Church authorities. braces an equal proportion of Slaveholders, outnumber the supporters ofthat party. In theseta^taUKltaaiseThe ilFlliii of the city of Mexico is described as are resolved to stand by it, no matter who States the election of Mr. Lincoln will be verya comrileta laicn of terror, and the triumph of theLib^u cause Is earnestly looked for by all classesof the Mexican people. There is every reason to majority of the country. The elements of him simply because the existing Administration hope that this triumph will not now be long de- which Southern parties are composed has made it impossible for them to act and layed.;but which peculiar popularitythese achievements Senator Gwin isshall be elected President by a constihitionallargelythe work of men who act and vote forera State elections resoU in BepubUcan victories, radically likely to be shared by the Administration with there will be great danger of Califonda golag forrived last night. There is no news ol special im- minds are unbiased, and their patriotic feel- slaveholding cfeampious. The War-Secretary,portance. Another slave-vessel, with four hundredEverywhere, during the past year, the policyholders of thelargest quicksilverto the Constitution ment which their fathers assisted infrom the city. maintained their power at homeThe Vanderbilt steamship Illinois, from South-ampton on the 10th inst., arrived at this port last peculiarevening. Her advices have been anticipated by the its extension, and by assiduous efforts to per- proclivities, but the force of his administrativeamost drenching storm.ings clingFloyd,on board, had been taken into Havana har-tipr by a Spanish man-of-war. Havana papersstatethatyellow fever has entirely disappeared ForlongyearstheDemocracyoftheSouthhave Washingtonpoliticiansbyhisofficialindecen-and with anegroesofsensibilities of the oldest grief,cies, has contributed to the support of Mr. LiM, the late dominant power of the Democ-certainlydaring systemofpoliticalangryLittle of interest has occtirred in the market since total assessment roU the departure of the last steamer.devotion to Slavery,Lincoln not the impulse of hismisconduct. Had Mr. Buchaiun surrounded jeers and execrations of those who so long, periled Senatorial seat. Mr. Wm. Cary Jones lature, who united with the Republicans, in wliiekby Slavery,a bold andtention alike ofSouthern and Piedmontese Cabinet in general, and in par- one-fortieth of the whole area of thepatriots and that thehaughtygrandpublic contemptThe declaration that the South will not sub-implicit-an established at the East. Severe Storm on tlie Plains.mit to an invasionby Mr. Lincoln, is entitled to respect. rational man would ask or expect such a sac- rifice of honor, on the part of any State North or Southbe made to his inauguration, or that of any other man who miay be elected by a constitu- tionalmajorityoftheAmericanpeople,issim-say we wiU not submit tounder this these humiliating judicial mind could not have invented.byside,of the demoralized gov-is difficult.A Scheeaer Ronfice, accordingto thedeterminationofits constitutionalbut the avowal that resistance willthatinvolvingprestigeingwhich should at once deprive the demagogues who make it, and the party which sustains them, of popolai support. We are confident that this has been the effect of thesestate ofwhentions formidable to his friends. He contrived dense fog. The local agent of the underwrlteis atand Govern-ofwho has even the outragedwill turn you out of of- forms of the ConsUtn-Constitutumnelthe Piedmont tofounding.by professing by insisting uponracyin our State will stand in need of adenounced the coalition by which one RepubUeaabeen bycan be lesssia and Austria, aa 'powers more or less logi-hasoidend to be aent to tlie Pawneethe open defiance of the constitutional at)Uiori- foond. BiXHDB will be detained pending the ac- tiea of the Union, until the Palmetto Statemoney, and it is hoped that the balance will be Uon of the authorities.issued to Judge HorraAB to take testimony hiCalifornia in ttieThe hnftoved demand for Stdcks conthiued yes-original Douglaa men are anxious to hold thetraditionary^ policyof the ancient or-argumentBaiiroad metto State will or will not act at allcharge beingatood no chance of carrying the State. Of another. A formal protest would drbw after Department In two special eases —If. tain «fc^-such criminations it the necessity of something more or less representation tiiat the smaUer coins eoeatgaawli arebutnaturalin inconvenienceinthereceiptsanddiibaiaaBsatS;Arin the Seventh-avenuein thewhich we that but for fusion," Mr. Ldioolk could have tiona" are one thing, and formal protests are for that purpose have beenpremisea ia anotherAll iMtera to be addrened to H. J. BAYHONI) It CO., consume a day or so yet. The defence opens to- have not yet sufiScient grounds for pronouncingand Candles and Tallow. Provisions, Groceries, that the influence of property in that State issole motion that the original fusion with theNative Americans was made lastinthe ranksthatthoseblowswere mostvitalissuesofhercurrenthistory. Douglaswas in fair demand, as were likewise Hay, Hops, and therefore essentially conservative,secondary interest in that question of Italianlegitimacy which involves for Austria theand coin. OftolfonBertfaere ansuperior nawatnetheirwaytoNew-York. Whilethe doUanarea goldWliisky, Oils, Metals, Naval Stores, Hemp, andthanmillloas,The Administration in California.The rout of the existing Administration of were withdrawn, and very many of them again fooadfreight engagementsWho Threatened Disunloii, and Whr. It is a well Icnown fact that the Democratsin other of the Confederation. any partstruck home wliich have the already splitDemocratic Party into a mass of incoherentwithout eitherfragments, candidate,'principleor rallying-cry.As matters are at present, our adopted citi-zens refuse to vote for the ten AmericanTwo questions of the highest importance to the Golden State have been especially singled their ballots for the seven men of their own out by the officials and the camarilla of Mr.untimelyof the South are not the only slaveholders. On in South Carolina itself as in the other Slave-the webelieve thatin contrary,Oregon has spoken and it already,and hence the recent special orders into numbers, the Opposition own more slaves thanRepuUic.It is also a fact that thetheCabinet if California fails to echo the con- purpose temptuous condemnation passed upon theirthelargest slaveholders among the Democrats are the most conservative, and least prone to in-Democracy.thatas the signal for a complete severance of the ties which hold together our common coun- SASNTJIFS MUSEtTK—Day and Eyenliig—Siakssi that all Southern patriotism is monopolized by try, and give to them and to us our name andproportionholding States, one aspedt of the approachingrelatioa say this descripttoaThere must be a reason for this singular the Nationalstate of things. There must be something a most important degree, against the intolera-Such is thepracticalceeded in bringivg the session to a close with nothing done in regard to either of them, indone would l>e to sell her on Thursday for the bene-probablyelse than pure, unbiased, and disinterestedlove for the South and her institutions, which ernment. No one can doubt that in severalputtingthe Atlantic at the7th, was tele- graphed fron Carson Valley this momlng.are the same. Each consists of slave- vote for anybody else. Mr. Buchanan, sincehe is of theand should be superseded in command.news it is generally conceded that theperma- BrecklniidgeAdvices &om the Pacific Coast to the 17th inst.are received by the Pony Express, which is tele- holders and non-slaveholdgrs, of planters his advent to power, has surrounded himself graphed as having arrived at St. Joseph. On the and small farmers, of merchants, mechanics with a camarilla of men who have made them- IStn the ship Meta, as is reported, (probably the and men.political "miffs,"reside on theIn charge of a fSlot, to enter the harbor of same soil, follow the same occupations, and are Southern men and slaveholders, but be-What the President and Senator Gwin have steamer to-day, and tils parUsan Mends areMeteor bom Bordeaux,) was lost while attempt-professionalTheyselves odious to the country, not because theyprepadag to give him a public recepUofl. He is expected 1» make the tour of the state for tbe benefti of the Be-ing.Sui Francisco during a dense fog. Th^ death ofBrevet-Brig.-Oen. Class, Commander of the De-partmentofCalifornia,isannounced. Thediseasewas chronic diarrhcea. The greatest anxiety ex- them, to which, alone, we must attribute their Indeed these men are not by any means ex-the East, the President and hisisted.in circles to hear from politicalSouthern men either in their sylvanian Attorney-General, and the openlyCalifornia, died in this City, to- quarrels of our City Democracy, by elevating alarm which have been caused in California day', of chronic diarrhoea, after an iilness of twoPennsylvania andIndiana. Itwasconsideredthatthechances for IiOicOLK in the State, in case the elections in the ITorthem States resulted in favor of the Re- were better than those of either of the othercandidates. ThenewsfromOregonisunim- portant. The fifteen Douglas members of theof sentiment as to the value of control of the Federal Government, with itspublicans,honors andoffices,patronage, which,fromshamefulPresidentialdiploiaacyof suchstcfeare blended into one social state.Is one striking difference of positien between of the State to the lowest personal objects.Attorney-Gen-Of much the like character was the effort eral, Mr. Black, have attempted for the home publicanBut therecause they have prostituted the highest officesticket.Brevet Brigadier-General Claxx, Commsader ofwidethe Union. The Democratic Party has the or in their policy. The recklessness of a Penn-diversityclusivelyoriginweeks. He has served in the United States Armysince 1812, was the war In throughfor refusing to take any part in the Native- still at their height. The report pre- time of his death for meritorious conduct at Ox American flision. This interference has only sented by Mr. '•Black to the President of Vera Cruz.andlong possession, it has come to regard as a Northern Senators as Messrs. Bright andLegislature, who joined with the Republicans in hereditary right, and for which its leaders Fitch, have done quite as much to make Mr. the election of United States Senators, had i.asued cherish far more regard than for the Federal Lincoln the coming man, as the Pro-Slaverypropriety United States from thewithdra'wjngan address in justification of their course.The steamship Star of the West, from New-Or-leans on the 23d. and Havana on the 2Gth inst., ar-Union. The Southern Opposition have no devices of Messrs. Slidell and Davis, or themanagement alle^the they were denied the ordinary necesiltiet of Ufe.while they havecompelled their Northern allies to acquiesce himself with Southern men of the honorableparty, standing~;persistedgandistsrent to all sensible men in this part of the itself, and of which it is now so soon toThe attempt to frighten Northern men intQwhether the dkcovery of large gold fields would be "the support of parties and principles which current history which neither Fusionists nortelegraphic agents grantsthe London Press, that " consterna- less than one hundred and fifty millions ofable and prudent Senator, and will redect credit upoabigoted propa- appa-NoSt. Josiph,Mo., Tuesday, Oct. JO.notmajorityNews from Oregon is unimportant—the papers re-were their obedient followers.the old Canadian capital. The locality of the new in their demands by threatening to break up and dignified character once identified in the Legitimist Europe and the Italian throughthey excuse themselves as follows In voting for Col-Virginia, very scrupulousWTtWIjf^imI, i-'VVfKKiiXiiw^^take the firstof General Sessions.Failnre of Fnalon.It is now privately conceded by aU inteUi-alareholding Sovereignties "A search of the apartmeilt occupied by the pris- reaomption of their supreme attributes, and tiqket wiU sweep the State of New-York by a ed to address diplomatic observations"Pastor Biziirs, who liU lone been employed by thiougbout Southern States,them as collector and eonfideotial elaik. With ticI{«tton of the election of Mr.^LiNooLw, al-the funds thus acquired Btxwn set oot for tUs readyopportonity that may presentshall act in the Whether the Pal- premises.priBta about tberecoiiiiiigofof large deoaminations, it may be staOd, fhateidaMuponday. IntheOyerandTermineracommissionwas ade<^veopinion. SouthCarolinaiaavery course,attempting al in the Nowhere else evade the consequences of their own share in; are; Central. and of the of the South for inde-deeply of our Messrs. Cao- •ad aanbnelng a complete Digest of AmsrleaB Events Some first-class bills on Iiondon sold at a fraction monwealth of Calhoun. Yet, at the: same State, Richmond,which yesterday reached us, itis grossly unlikely that any one of them should Assistant Treasurer at St. Louishave taken so important a step in anticipation one hundred and fifiy fhnnssail for it^ivcapacity struck root soof the steamerMeanwhile it may not be out of place orfor us toperate of our Southern fellow-citisens, as wellsuggestthis country promises to be quite asof Mr. Lincoln which well deserves to be gravely pondered by them befoxe theyplace among the nations.It has been far too generally asserted andfar too easily believed that the election of Mr.triumphnames on the Fusion Electoral ticket ; original Douglas men refuse to vote for the seven electors while the fol-so to reduce the amount of of eom as to inconvenience the publicas aNorth, as such, over the South, as such, and,—a oftheUnitedtherefore,Sailed,13th,ship Hornet,forNew-York; Utfa,Federal Government.Th,e overwhelmingma-in the production of this mongrel ticket ! For ment. Senator Gwin, long the recognized The Meta was lost on the IMh. She shipwas laTerritories,but also, and infit of whom maythe Meteor bom Bordeaux.)ble demoralization of an existing Federal Gov-of thetime.Arrived, on the lOth, the ship Tropic, from LiverpooLhowerer, that within a few days past countrymen to regard it as infallible, in its effects upon the fied. The Calhouns, and Haynes, and Pinck- of Italian liberty by the report of an imaginary cure for the Administration the glory of ex- non-intervention, and allowing the Territories, ashave obtained nuggets worth from $60 to $100, and have brought them to the City for sale. The for- tunate discoverers of treasure have not revealedStates ; and it is not surprising that it is still upon the President of their preference that greatPoweis the decisive interference frauds, has dealt with the law and the testimo- their own way. His often repeated declaration upoa tlie againstwhere the gold exists, but it is notof the Sardinian Government in the affairs of ny alike, in as truculent a fashion as the stump in California In the State canvass last year.wliile his private professions, more recently made,leave us ne Naples and of Rome. sharpest of advocates retained for a fee. Mr. room to doubt his sincerity. In voting for him, there-"It is asserted" by that mysterious and Black, for instance, gravely sets it down in fore, our sacrifice of principles seems to be more iatheprobable that it will long remain a secret. Geolo- gists have long since establised the fact that Lowertheandafter it has becomeconsent ofGovernment of Mr. Buchanan haswhich earned forreapthe final harvest.This is a view of the actual crisis of oarportentousAsmodeuswhorevealsthesecrets ^sreportthatthevalueofthe"landclaimedgreat " and consciences confiisionists wUl be very swift to take. But tion" exists at Tnrin in consequence of a dollars ;thewhile in point of fact it appears which is more than can be said, with truth, of ourjudgmentsof. The Court threatening a dissolution of the Union in the it is a sound and practicid view, nevertheless,tactics, in its origin, among the Southern fire- of active Northern panic-makers, in the world ticular against the hostile attitude assumed State,rvttlaf, Oct n. BuManUhi receipt "f faitiit"wr _ Itself to have the question judicially paased notion that other and more formidable inter- di^patelMM fraa Kwrlfturico. givUig '-isiu j^juThe Indianupon by some higher tribunal than the Court ventions at least of formal and anthoritatlTe campaign against tlkjfavaioes-of those to whomas in the Com- the- controlling power of the DemocracyTreaanrei^ Wew-Totkwas, brdw hav^to the more tem-regardtriumphLATER FROM THEPACIFIC.of thehas beenrainyseason has tliis Ex- fairly commenced,shoulders they stand opposed. AsThe Assfstantgreater facUltr in coo^tag, authorised to about two mllUons of them racoiacd, aad theBreckinridgelowers of Breckibbidoe reciprocate the com-four years of reckless incompetency by her Northern sister. .pliment by announcing that their politicalconsciences will them to cast only permitSt. Josara, Tuesday, Oct JO. The Pony Express, with four days' later Cahfor- nia news, arrived, this morning, forty hoars btMmlSabfaith and the ten of Native American proclivi-Buchanan for the display of those character- istic qualities to which the Democratic Party',such a vote as we may expect next week, the power of this cen-to postpone both the Overland and the Mari-time routes between San Francisco and theEast, to the political movements of the Presi- wreck, yesterday, and unanimously decided ttiat she dential domestic circle, till he finally suc- was a total loss, and that the best thing that could beNew-York of the fusion concocted more thanthree months ago between Messrs.^CAOOxx,Church and Richmond, parties of the first part,it concern. (Tillsvesseliswith menhad practically nothing to offer in exchange concertedupon—tUs itselfto prove that the men who could commit itcompromisefor the recognition extended to them,identified in the country.is strength here. Party losingto or sev- enty thousand in favor of Lincoln and Ham-Albany Regencybrought fifty, sixtypo- slaveholding litical sexton, to hide their remains from theState, is so universally looked upon as a di-rect attack upon the tenure by which the;was an act of fatuity sufficient ofmust have entered on their political dotage, done for the connections of Californiaelect forin reference to thelivered by Judge Rrsasu, on the trial (Jf two ly believed. As a rule, the Ministers of such Mr. Jones deduces the astounding information supply agencytooGilbert, under the act passed last Winter to municating to all the world the steps which of dollars each must have been overthrown byprevent frauds in the sale of"tickets. they will take" in one or another contingency the Attorney-General, his appropriation hav-By Pony Express this morning we have advicespassenger prosecution provedfrom 450 miles from here, of one of theticket-swindling.theorythan Inthought that the emigrants above aad beker Jolec- burg would also suffer severely and great loss ensne.but no at- tempt was made to prove that the la<ter wasa duly authorizeddevolve on the prosecution toestablish by posiaveeminent personageliis in- which The whole of thisthat French adventurerhad been drtvlngfiw settlers fromringIt, therefore, gives us particular pleasure tolearn from Mr. he dis- Waterbuit's letter thatParisdeplo-tion, 804 are ready to take the consequeneea. sents from the views ofoftlwiWMiUwfonttMMetcutileLibraryAmo- WhttfiriendofAbbahamLimcoimwillbeboholdatbftt(beactin((aestloadoesnotauthor-theBoarboniindtheFo^^fts«aia-reached.Thomas M. Tryniski 309 South 4th Street Fulton New York 13069-acke-l^oon-^_^wm^i^-SSd^^^S^--;^5SSSf3S^-HilliriMtti HiHgwww.fultonhistory.comJudgeparty;or had anyThe ferry was detained five hours inIt is blowing furiously here, and Ins the appearaaeea prisoner accused of thisbeen tranquilly enjoyinga leave of absence in of a Statecampaign. Four years ago the disunion ar- offence had only to show re- Russia, may by some persons be that he hadthoughtEmigrantgrants and strangers against frauds in the sale of day. But the people have at length begun to it would thenand.ties, having for iu object the protection of emi-ground Southern Kansas tiial sixty dragoons, under Captaia gument, aided by election frauds, carried the ceived authority from "any person," and that sufficient reason for doubting whether that rfase the counterfeited papers presented by Sna^g, accompanied by the Indian Agent, Cowa>,decisionde-tunately, ratherimpressive tobeextraordinaryrights alleged ticket-swindlers, named Ward and Powers as Russia are not in the habit of com- that many land claims of one hundred millionsOn that occasion theone of the prisoners had sold tickets for a line their Government. The most ordinary in- sand dollars. Since David slew Goliah withJulesburgh,most sevele storms that was ever known on thetheof packet ships of which he was not the stincts of prudence and self-respect commonly a smooth stone from the brook, there has agent, this being contrary to the law.and entail- suffice to protect the humblest individuals been nothing equal to this.Themid-winter. It wasfuture;and headlongse-can havecame from the Mexi- can archives, the facts in the matter being thatwhat is known as the Clierokee neutral lands. Tbe Toum' correspon- dent sMes that seventy-four houses had been burned and fi^iccopants turned out Much excitement pre-fraud in thewhich can agaH of the company ol- private owner run- story, indeed, bears on its face the plainestev- ease actually came from the Mexican archives vaUed%&rathem Kansas, but it is thought the state-;to havehe does nothappento be.all the evidences ofLimantoureral and spontaneous that a Government allegedonly be maintained by the majority ning the vesselof theidence that it has grown up out formal and were procured for our own authoritiesand party perpetuaUy succumbing to the minority duly appointed mightan appoint as manymanner as he pleased.small Any doctrine more favorable to the protection against the Neapolitanin New-Tork" was kItcd at the City Assembly overturn the Government unless its leaders are to conceivebyments areA meeting of the citlxens of this county was aeiafor theevening, which was largely attended by OMabas-ofthe Jewish faith and iMhers. Stana-;more utterlyItalysarprisingin-party, is not worthgeneral '^^^^TheDemocraticaand Romanofsw^- ture and temper of the attack which the Ad- ed to solicit Unmediate aid from the East. A CvmmMrcounties m the and a caU has been !««»» matter,14th of November. exceedingly low, and nav-preserving. Party, though inagentsand in suchernment to the Government of SardiniaIn the face of such disclosures as to the na- last evening to devise planssufferers to the Territory. A Committee wasany decision pubUc money. The people, North and South, of obtaining a convictionsystemact the of the Italian King and hip Premier. The place speedily the of;further, thatagentsub- remonstrances addressed by the French Gov- the Mexican officials.greatly exaggerated.Cotut oi Ojrer and Terminer.A ball and banquet in aid of the "Jews Hospital mmonty, has taken the position that it wiU of immigrant swindlers it would be impossible 'M. DK Cavoub. France occupies a position in ministration has made upon the old .landed tee was also appotated to act m concert wift otterbar- prosecution firom any reasonable hope openly,California,itState shall not take itsand the influence ofbeen a little more than a hundred thou-which her to separate herself compelsindeed if the Goldenwin berableRussell, and make straight the crooked ways of dation and of^- n-ttng two daysUntitled Document.policyon the Pacific as on thecoasidsfednentlyopinionwhole CoL E. D. Baxi^x, Republican SenatorOregon, is expected .to arrive in Sw Fnnciioo bymadebytheRegencytoregulatethedomestic interestsoftheState. Theexcitementand the of DepartmentMozart Hall to an equality with Tammany Hall, as a punishment to the latter institutionthe of the Administration in policy;iscomplete Atlantic coasts of thegreat unveoience In small «imtniHi| n {gthat there Is a redundance of them for Urge ttanise-;tionswill not be the fault of the President and his to the reeoinage. There does not seem to bethe vast commerce of the Pacific withThe with dates to the Pony Express,of anand in interrupting the course ofmercyunscrupulousThere Is intense anxiety to receive the news by tbe next express, which will bring dates' to the lOtfa efand Messrs.the secend. These latter gentlemen had .that commerce completely during ten days, ateverything to gain and nothing to lose by the the most important season of the year. The tion is expected. The polittcians generally concedeBrooksalliance, so they were right in seeking itfor the leaders of the Democracy to enter have secured in California forsuch aopposed to every Democratic idea, and who which, in spite of a few spasmodic and well- LmcoLB. Under tbe effects of discowaging Eaatarabyto the lahded titles of theregard Cqmmonweailth areand motedtothe distinguished position occupied at ikeresulted in a worse embroilment than ever ofthe warring factions, and the struggle of in-dividual ambition has Been embittered by a argument by Messrs. Bevekot Johnson and and of that steamer. They thatgreat desire to avenge provincial intervention. Benjamin, in San Francisco,undejon the of thesuit nowwhole interest of the State is and ceived being devoted to politics.withmining held,the laws under which it is developing, thatSenator Gwin himself has been forced to de-nounce it in his attempts to secure his im- dress from the fifteen Douglas members of the Legis-is pursuing theunhappy Attorney-General BiAEXsWe were Infuenced to some publications, the same position upon the Slavery question in the Territoriee Revolntion. effect. He shows, and with no particular del- -« position differing but little from that ofNot a little anxiety seems to have been icacy or forbearance of phraseology, that the our own party. Although acting with the Repub-Ucans, Col. Bakes, m the canvass of this State lastthe State which has Intrusted him «1th formal the Ministers of that the whole extent of the lands claimed Senators hitherto."eaters but when taken up and reechoed of politics or in the world of finance. It will by the Piedmontese army in Naples against of the entire Commonwealth amounted, Quotations are without particular cliange, thoughmenmg. Mr. SlWABD will speak in this City on who can be deterred from voting in accordance terestingHob. OaivBRA a. Grow, of Fednsylvania, last evening, addireoed one of the largest and most en- thnaiamc mmttirita which has been convened at OreeiqMiiit doting tlie Presidential canvass. He asaumed that the Fieaidential election was already decided, and directed his principal effort to the im- portance of securing the election of a Congress which should snstam the Administration ef Mr. LnooLB.Immigrantand BenevolentAll this isbut itunfor- sum appropriated by to the examina- vrlll be 67 pipes of Califomis 'Wine, and in future; bythe troops of Francis II.Weare further-in 1859, to $132,000,000.to imder a somewhat improved demand bom tkedesignedcontrol,with their convictions of considerations.public duty, by such Board ofceeded one thousand fold the amount of the Willtu will soon sail for New-York. In her cargoThe South-Ticket-Swindling Pnnishable.In another column will be found adespiseletter from the Diatrict-dressed to Mr. Jellinohaus, President of the ports and retire from Turin."claims, defeated under his ex- supervision,buyers. Nothing&November,hasuseless befbre that time. more informed by the same high authority, the Attorney-General, therefore, the State rather firmer tone. No leading transacttoos have that if the Cabinet of Yiciob Emanubl, should of California ought to be assessed at six occurred that require notice. The receipts of Wheat be so foolhardy as to treat this protest of the billions of dollars. Again the Attorney-Gen- have been very heavy. Best shipping parcels cannot in- Northern Powers with the Rus- eral avers that the value of some of the be quoted above $1 SO, and shippers less eager tlunSocieties,very impressive,is, Congressad-sian Ministerpass-will load Grain for LiverpooL The clipper-shipr.tion of California titles." From this statement similar shipmenU will be made at regular intervals tothroughoutRepoblic to the point of degra-at last have ^.Ittheperil ^rUch theysurelyweather Is Emigranttrahislinethatstationoneverydde,theirstorm set in. The Attomey.Gener- cattle suffering morerapidly growing eaU.Thepress leaving inplains."Pennsylvania elec-thatifFosraxiselectedOBlifomiawill for Ooos- goLAS, while if FoBTsa is defeated and the other Noitk-The first cabin passengers, who left New-York Sept 1, published a card in the San Frandsco papers liaee their arrival here, severely censuring the coadltiaaThe Democratic papers (both wings) tiave generallySenator was elected. This has out an ad- broughtcountry, the market generallyMexico,pre-niiutarrupwaid ofdreiilaSQa.position,  