 liI j'Icountenance that areelectric in large assemblies, carry- ing joy and comfort to his friends, wrath and dismay to his opponents. If yon want to say a thing greatly, be sure that yon greatly believe it. This Sumner does, and this weight of conviction is the Wrongest point in his eloquence; it goes far beyond his graces of diction, considerable as they are. Nor is it too much praise of him to say that his great sufferings have not soured his tem- per, and that his great honors have not inflated hisand Britisn Family History, though by a sort of fatal- lane." What treasures the unwrought' niine of the Southern States .-be, closed against all citizens of the ity, scarcely any of the numerous articles which literature of Holland may yield to his investigations Free States, in the collection of debts. It, calls upon abound on the subject are free from error, The most, )8 matter of interest! to a' public almost- palled 'with every member of Congress and Senator to resign j if ordinary mistake was to make the Duke of Newcastle the ever-recurring commonplaces of ordinary novels.P#OJf BOSTON* fjuwujnwlTnii'in-|r-fr" ,.•*?% • ••is not, what he has and what he has not, have Snwrought by culture ruwl conscience into so admirable awhole, that his verylffefecW:are'ib^ttm^q^tieslnorcan we spare for eritloiswany of thetoait8?*f ape^ion-b&wtarolwm^her scolding that all the household sit enchanted in the ricdef^ts^eoline/'-is-abont^^spell of her resentments. And John A. Andrew glandyunderthe beeti auspices^•:.:'Thc ti^nslutiou is ex-^»St***v^,POLE •^JonenpBiDid*^''I n comi ^nntry, w« --enemies b<*worthy ofa . whelming tl, rally flgnin- one towna Fusion ir majority inIn this At regard to n bitter than irj memberof \w ination, by rj poIitirianH t/>• In several of took posse*-*and in the1-ad[been ivA\their nuja-rwishes of at | party.Art opponi'rebjihleregard for p enlisted on I alwoj-H go • hiii f'Ttnoec to all parti. mertenary j> themselves •uccess, aii'J Wish/like fnv<• Tlireats dared to <>i>j hereafter, \ those who npon recrrra geant-at-A 11• matized, c»i. have been hit although be' lantern hod^i. glare of da.-. noweyer, OH.go-hetween. an accomnw/By the ct, .theuseofetit opposed him;t«m and las " by a large r.> ewore and 'L run free, mxd any election el tin'jatcd that votes from • nfl More than I CM**• although the iority, Mvr*-irWhentbe'r^-ti was seen that L a desperate J donononor t o " In three dilter to change the ward the fr.tn were enga.txt..will fctick to was offered tj turns, and w»vL brought before]In the lid r j ton*met within the n<-ia1 uuf Myers -wai* a*£ut bockim>> _ ome by the In gervfrbm .SynClark >va»« eiec 4ug, the Inxp tmrabilc di.tn Myereand e:gr, before I So i.t this new cou:it.jority of 11 \<>t< So barefac.dOnondaga Courvotes shall bee • mentorpoetponbe de*troved. If rect the fraud, tb Syracuse will be life, has borne t Although politic^ deuce that 11> • in-the hands of Mr. of rapacioi:« i bm <ribfc- j- 1ThecourW--.fitl>e outrageous a for his benefit. hJ public, and rii.-nl *pewecutitm. ' I poWd him h-.-^problem wheti eil *tu bis career u.* li piieo of public pi every man wl-.o fconi-tituents ae t} hereafter never isaMspicionof* le^war upon v*. shall be ae pureTHE ELECTION Corre«poiidinc« 'fIOf the four but 95 voted ; •kept front tbe pthe Mayor'sproc dignitoryaathori be suspended, ari '-'our oouncy.''. mobBfouror fiv fancy took pc<!» nees shops were, as the latter wer and bloodshed probability that instead of the pc however, was qi opened with a g apparent at anjJjtertbePrince't*BaBcameatimeofwhattheycallstands"bytohealtbebreaches,andtokeepthehasty and latest «orrectionB'ef the author,-andthe%of) the first I thought; "Every bird has hi? ;Own note, introduction will be prejmrcd to Voiiame I.,V-vvhich is'.* and Wendell shall sing long; and shalji be heard fan" to appear in London during the current month, and . And of the second I remembered that the Master had will be reprinted in this country by Messrs. Appleton<Union;andoppb^meetingstoconciliateanybodyjThe.Richmond(Va.)Enquirer,wantsaStateCon-r^Td •**hl"««ic«.Condradlctit.ThebuiJne^fSToft!!.,Jbr «# «igr^ii^kr^»la/l»r«," *rid a young friend of he is all tliat can .be desired for a public speaker. His •cw wc«iving a yo«ing friend of bis* in this sober city of patience in the study of facts and his weight in statingBoston. IT y<m find lecture© aaiuaing, there are not a them are valuable pomts in popular oratory, where in-few of theee. The Xowell Institute bo* opened its, struction is as much contemplated as persuasion. Burke fcoBpitabte doors, and Dr. Walker w eloquent there, and and Cicero have been the models of his taste and of his~ Wi. ^eorffs K Marah Wfll be, before long. At; the culture—he has done them honor. TBut a certain cor-vention to determine Virginia's course, and goes united South. ;''..'At.)nreisent'it'i8%r theTTnion.for agoe»o»«B »o a j; •••> • -wr. ¥. CAWOCti* ABMT AND NAVY MOVEMENTa^v ,J^rternity, all the great lights of the lecturing coutmu- wSty blaze in tarn, one in each week, with refreshing feteryals of **propria quae mariou*," hx the nhape of Mm C. H. Ball, and Sara J. Lippineott. Public con- ««rt*, there are none yet—Mr. Zerrahn not having *offeientry recovered' from the gymnastics attendantTmpo* the Prince's "reception, to lead the symphony of Beethoven, with which he infallibly inaugurates his 4a*tn&l serie* of nm*ical evenings. Messrs. Chickeriog 4k Sons <Kd indeed invite a select party of friends to a brat performance in their new Concert-room, but as tnJBWwa private hospitality, not a public entertain- ment, ft is allowable only to s&y that it was charming,aud that, like Hamlet's by and by, is easily said.In t e r y desperation of dullness, one evening, we be-took ouwelve* to the Aquaria1 gardens, whose flaming advertisement of five Teal livingnative savage Africans, scented to promise some relief from the. monotony, of -*Hi!»ed life. We went, and found the fish, tanks ^brained and deserted, no stickleback building his nest, wo KoJdier-crab going through the broadsword exercisehis eccentric right claw; The fish were perhaps rrp during the last Lent, or have found their way m njaritH to those vault* where Agassi}: harmlessly cuts -imdeorks up his tinny Parknunw, without fear of de- fection. Only the huge tank remained in which the'"••* ''4>:5world—with simple and noble unconsciousness; going on only from one faithful service to another, and es- teeming his work far above his wages.Now, if the artist has a little charge' en beau thisportraiture, it is only with the involuntary exaggera-tion of good will; and it is better to give the good idealvises its friends to " trust in God and keep their, pow-NEW1YOR& KASm tMMM, MMY , NOVEMBEfi 14 1660-uKtywhichebniageandsufferinghavealike/nwdedear T^emhardsleddingforamusement.**VerylittlechancetotheAmericanpeople.Inperson,voice,andmanner,sparksfromkindlingtodeadlyconflagration.AndofoperationofDr.Schmitzof.Edinburgh,bywhomjanTJ° A*TM*"<j„WtU<^~iri»>T*rH>rt«d thai C l e i i u S c « r ^ •» ft) u*•sort of chorus, while No. 2 of them astonishes us with over, by what unkind usage the fine gold of your na- for $375, a fair market, price, considering its condition They visited all the great cities of the Union. In the'tbe Toeacr-dance, which is indeed assurprising as the ture has been fretted and twisted into*so crooked a and reparations by.fac-similes, while many.of the Winter of 1834-35, the receipts of their exhibition at^bowman says, which in itself is a surprise. The.aavuge is attired principally in a collection of strings of pattern, I want to disentangle the real tissue from, its others sold for extreme prices; and throughout the sale, New-Orleans were $38,000. 'adventitious complications, and to give, if I con, the of two weeks duration, there was scarcely a book in Col. Preston of South.'Carolina offered.,$50,000 for 'ieavy beads, which hang together in a sort of breast-. good ideal of jom oft-mistaken character. Whoever any respect "given-away," and probably no collec- the pair. It'was refused. --plate on "bis broad chest. His only other clothing is a•eooaplete apron of skins, reaching from the hip to the fends a speech of Mr. Phillips is wounded, or perhaps tion containing the same amount of what a severe Such is the brief history of the original paintings'of" I rejoice in the conservative attitude which Ken- nership, because a man unpopular with..^ieJSouth has been chosen for President, it would be moretucky, in common with Tennessee, "Virginia, and Mis- simple to anpoint a Southern Convention to ' souri, now occupies. W e are of the border States, and name the President at once, ,who should be acceptedso long us we maintain our present position the Union by the North, without any farce of election, on pom ot disunion; If threats like these frighten the North into*is safe,* in spite of the black eloud of Secession and ^Dis- submission, the ballot-boxes, and other vain machinerysaid: "Blessed are the peace-makers 1" 'Seyeral ormy and; navy.moyemcnts r o e e n ^ r j ^ ^ ^ —The veteran historiographer of mythology and fairy will be but a tempest in a tea-pot; a' fit' subject for doubtless been dictated by the aspect of Southern;union which bangs over some of the cotton-growing « ~°fenee, after the second style, of Adam and Eve. . He angered, by injustice dom> to someone. Somebody's critic might call rubbish was ever, gold here. This is a Adam and Eve, that were in New-York a quarter of a States.'' . ".'.•'.'... ..-'.'•'conduct IBsure to be stated according to the worst con- gratifying thing for the lovers of choice books, for«4eee not caper, but executes a' firmly-trodden struction that unchaxity can put upon it,.with.on in- which New-York at this, moment presents one'of the snaneuvre, and by the power of the pectoral musclesaJooe flings the strings of beads higher and higher, genuity of malice and keenness" of ridicule which go most active markets in the world.century ago.TSE SPANISHJ,-.;.FRIGATE. . . .G c r r i ." T h e resignation of the Federal offioers in South Car->rv FSrT* gg%s&!fa Wim '.."'*, ^^S^^&^^^^M^^^^m^^§^TBE SECESSION MOVEMENT»£^/^W*1*f*fiN^**«i*-*'tV!*tyi'*ft "' • • • x - • ; SWEIT OF THE PBES8.AN IDLE RUMOR CORRECTED. , / . itnecesjrary to contradict certain rumors in circulot ion5 2;*eemed to me like the wise, cbmpassionate.friend who ecuted by the Rev., E. S. Davies, with the sanction^ «. « » _ ^ ^.,~~.--^rc .jCvAMMtrrwr. Nor. 13.1SS0dial sincerity which makes itself felt in all his perform-ances is, after all, his strongest weapon and his bestgift. This gives a thrill to his voice and a light-to his has given a great impetus to the study of the Peerage Dutch of a work of fiction, "The Manse of Mast- of the Free States. , Also, that the Courts of the—The late; visit of the Prince of Walea and his suitea descendant of the well-kuownduke of. the same nainein the last century, immortalized by Horace Walpolo tion in the forthcoming book of Sir Francis Bard Head,and Macaulay, and who left no posterity. The present Duke, is of an entirely different stock. . So much is the subject encumbered by the venal misrepresentetionB of the Burkes and other peerage writers, that there is onlythey do not, they will be proved arrant hypocrites and paltry place fanatics,., . , .cock, and Connor are giving aid and comfort to the month of March their own chosen President is at the d they fly in his face, and above his head. far to make the speaker the first satirist of our day.. —A new edition of the curious work of Kobert As already announced, her Catholic Majesty's steam contemplated revolutionary .proceedings of which they head of affairs; and after Mr. Lincoln shall have beenBut Mr. Phillips, in his desires, is something more than Alfred Vanghan, "Hours with the Mystics," has jnst' "The showman tells us that this is the utmost that negro- this. He wishes to be a reformer, a philanthropist propeller Berenguela, one of the Spanitth North Amer-must have had knowledge.' - inaugurated, with a majority in each, branch of Con- gress, supposed to be favorable to Southern views, '' There is no man in all my acquaintance in Kentucky it may well be doubted whether that sacred kindAKneingcan do, and invites us to meet our savage appeared in London. The lamented young author died ican squadron, arrived-at this port on Wednesday fromMead* in the hall below, whither we presently repair, and always uses his pitiless weapon on the side of hu- soon after the issue of the Ihst edition, so that ths care Havana. She comes to- have her machinery over- who justifies South Carolina in her course. She will of property the black man, can suffer, muchmanity,-virtually orsupposititiouslyassailed. Buthe of revision has devolved on his father, Dr. Itobertand find the bead-dancer a man of powerful frame, forgets the humanity of those whom he, in turn, as- Vanghan, the biographer of Wycklifte, und editor of hauled at the Brooklyn Navy Yard, to enable her tovetmournoverit. ',' spoliation at the hands of the head of the State. It is not, therefore, because they are. hurt that'' But what course/m this emergency will the corrupt thete- hasty Southerners threaten to v dissolve Istherenotc;iuseforgraveandseriousreflection7 If thrirownway inamatter whereothershavejust asA variety of worthless trinkets hung around their that lies nearest. This, however, is the result of a the dwellers, in the mysterious, by-paths of science, tuns burdenj and carries a fine armament of 37 guns, times.' A corrupt Democratic Administration swaya speculators will be ruined by tbe fall in securities, <with ghottldere measuring near a yard across. The sojls—forgets even his own human limitations and in- " The British Quarterly Review." It is advertised for do which, the steam'frigate'Wabash, now in the dry* -development ofljis cheat is magnificent, more graceful dock, will be floated into the stream. .For the present, and imbecile administration of James Buchanan take ? the Union. It is simply because they have not hadthanthefamoosTorso,butscarcelylesspowerful. Kaf- firmities. So,bisChristianintentionsarenotChristian reprintbyMessrs.MartienofPhiladelphia,inconjunc- thestrangerisanchoredofftheBattery:. ."in their expression, and the deep music within him tion with the " Essays, Reviews, and Memoir of the* "fir N c 3 is an excitable creature, with the hard, oftenest does not waken the music of other hearts, Author," also prepared for the press by Dr. Vuughuu.j^assy.eye.of apard. He has a wooden rattle in hisbond, and laughs aloud at its whirring. They all wear waking but a sharp echo from the angle of the wall A work of somewhat similar character, as dealing with sought by the officers. The Berenguela is about 1,200 " But, alas I for the country, we are fallen upon evil institution. Timid capitalists will sell at ar-loss; weakpoetic power of abstraction common to all powerful' is" announced under the name, "'Curious .•Thing'sweeks, and amuse themselves with penny. whittles, imaginations. He impersonates the evil that he pui^- of the Outside World." It will,contain researches into medium size thirty-twos and sixty-eights, manufacturedthe destiny of this fair heritage of freemen, and into which would be no worse nor any better if South Car- olina and the rest of tbe nec-eding States were out of•what..unnumbered perils:may we not be cast by it! the Union to-morrow; and after some real disasters of " We are not sufficiently advised as to the course this kind, with, perhaps, an attempt for a few month*Jew's harps, and the like—they all cry out, " Lincoln Hamileen all up—Bell all dowii—ah ha!" to the great delight of tbe audience. In spite of these peculiari-sucs, and from those who seem to uphold it he for the time strips off their personality, that, like a groat gen- eral, he may smite his enemies like pawns, nine-pins,the history of the Bosicrucians, from the days Of the famous'adept, Robert Fludd, and his disciples. Though the name is familiarly known, the subject has scarcely.at the naval depot of Truria, in Spain. Fifteen of these guns are on the spar, and twenty-two oh the gun-deck. Forward on the former is a neat brass twelve-pounderwhich Georgia, Alabama, and Mississippi may adopt. It is devoutly to be prayeH that they may not be pre- cipitated with South Carolina into secession. Shouldoh the part of oue or more States at an isolated exist- ence, all things will return to their present position, with the difference that the gasconaders will have eaten a good deal of humble-pie.' Of this kind of edi- ble Soutn Carolina seems to be providing the greatest share for herself.^ She has taken a course which ad- mits only of persinting in a folly or of completely back- ing out. Georgia, on the contrary, is merely proposing anillegal career, in which she will only be too nappyto be pulled up by the strong arm of the. law; and o# to the others, they will probably hesitate until some great wrong is done them, and that is not likely to b« speedily. ;*fes, (here is at once something noble and piteous about cabbage-heads, and make death and cartage themselves been handled by any English writer, and offers a howitzer, of Boston origin—a personal present to the*6*;m. Humanity in them seems to walk about " likepoor, despised Lear^—a king, a king I " and their acts objects of art. This, is simply one manifestation of agreat, an admirable power, and the expression of such and gestures forcibly reminded ns of the scene in moods and moments must* not be construed with coldtemptjngifield for original investigation. ' The author Commander of tbe fleet. _;"book, " The Indian' Religions, or Results of theMys- which the old man enters, crowned with poppies, and and mean literality. When Wendell curses us all in a terions Buddhism."'„sceptred with a straw. Only one stands apart, KaffirJWb. 1, a tall, noble savage, grave but gentle, carrying heap, to use Artemas Ward's happy expression, why then Wendell is poetical, and goes a little beyond whatSanscrit Literature"' has appeared within a few monthsbis head like a stag of ten, and showing from time to is allowable to say of ones fellow creatures. But you of its.first publication—a demand that may with cer- The sailors are smart, intelh'gent-looking men gener-rime dark eyes, at once soft and manly/ and teeth as cannot have the power without having, sometimes, its tainty be pronounced unexampled for a work of that ally; and the maiinea, of whom.sixty-four are on white and hard as rock pebbles. .Surely his mother abuse. . The natural forces, which are the winged mes^ character. Prof. MUller will not be inducted into hoard, -present a soldier-like appearance. The day's. anooras for him in her patient and simple life, drawing eengers of heaven, sometimes overleap• their mark; the Sanserif Chair at Oxford, for which h« is the mont guard is regularly in uniform on deck from." flag up"NEW-JERSEY. ,«ji, •" Tin-: FIRST TRAIK OK CARS THROcon THE BEUGKK- TUNNEL.—The Bergen Tunnel, which has been in course of construction for a number of years, and hoe cost an immense sum of money, was yesterday trav- ersed by a locomotive and train of cars for the first time. At 11 o'clock, a tram, consiktiug of a locomotive andtwoplatformcars,andcontainingabout150per- sons, passed through the cut, which is 4,300 feet inwater, and wearing mats, and the young maidens ofto sundown. The lower decks contain the officers'and freuhets and thunderbolts do not make atheists of prominent candidate, unopposed. Mr. Monier Wil-bis village will wait with anxious eyes for his return. ns. When there is a real vital force, we feel that it is liams,-"a rival scholar,' and author of an English Gram-- sleeping apartments and the middies' mess-rooms. The"Soeh thoughts as these sent us away rather sad from on the whole more helpful than hurtful;, we wish'it mar of the Sanscrit language,, has put'forth'rather a Commander's chamber is.tastefully decorated with por-" I shall be pleased to hear from you.when lovers of their country should be "in constant correspondence. Believe me, truly your friend," Jonu. B. FKT, eaq.- T"HOS H. CLAY." V ARIOUS MINOR INCIDENTS.The Charleston (S. C) News pufls a cure for fever as "emphaticallyaSouthernproduction;" andahair wash a s " equal in every way to thcee manufactured atibe Aanarial Garden*, and cherishing vaguely the hope aioderated, not destroyed. . A that the tall Kaffir would not be allowed to go awayftom sere a greater savage than he came. But whoever hears Air. Phillips, believes for the time as he, the orator, pleases, und however unwill-violent manifesto of his claims to the position, asi a traits of the Royal family of Spain, and a crucifix hangs practical promoter of the study of the language, and over LJBbed. There are no men undergoing punish-ment at present oh board. The officers say that very ft is good to hear " Lincoln and Hamlin all up" ingly, is swept off his feet and carried along upon a MUller, whom he accuses of an undue devotion to the little is everlieceeeary with them.fromwhite,orblack,andthedesiretodosoledusto Fanoeil Boll on the evening preceding election day, 'when it was promised that. Charles Sumner, Henry JS'ileon, and other bonorables should be heard, a prom- ise kept to us, olasi after the fashion of Macbeth's •witches, for seeing, "we did not hear, and hearing, we 4Sd not understands Haying undergone various pack- i Jogs, recently and remotely, we went thither in great "hope of getting in. One «an indure a good deal of aqueezing'-'wsen tbe-eaqpa»BOTHn<ithe brain compen- i—tco for the compression of the rest of onr little mortal•slowain, but such a crowd ju was seething, boiling, and seBvses, in perfection, the popular phraseology; he certainly, the.specimens-he gives seem to bear out thepicture of £ new Era. This we know, this we saw with our own eyes, but onr ears failing to succor usvirtu, and personal property belonging to the deceased eight brigs of 350-horse power and 6 guna, and eighteen ,lwina. *[Post. COMPLIMENTS FOR THE HERALD.TftKASttRY D E P A R T M E N T , N . C , N O V . 10,Tilden fined them $20 each for violating the Ordinanoe for soliciting passengers without a license.Some-For we bad gone tbitber, TRiBtfK*,.de»iring to sketch and passionate seventh of the cord,' who is there pres-ent that can resolve the harmony, with one broad,&av;mt, irrespective of his library, which has passed in schooners of from 100 to 300 tuns, and 2 to 5 gune each.we wonder%.T2* impression Mr. Simmer makes *npratandieince jjusd iadrvidaal is a complex one: fFii that of a variety ^•fftrrer* ripened by art into *- W^ber barmony than^M^^firitec^mpteted. \ioi&*M&'?**** h* \•"**..»•'**camhim, who being called up, e in with large and char- full descriptive catalogue is preparing, which will be drafted into the service. The officers number 1,150, of~ The regular biennial session of our Legislature com-itable utterance, and healed the wounds that Wendell an interesting document, containing the presentation1 all grades. The.ooast-guard of Spain is.maintained by mences on the 19th inst.The ship Golden Fleece which sailed from London June 18 for fit, John's, N. F., a^d New-ybffc^ha», ^ M ^ -*<i,**t#f.'':••• 'tonally with tho»low speaker, and his battalions of thought are long ia ance ;m print, in defense of the recent poetical volume their maneuvers,bat Mr. Phillips's fancies are Zouaves, { of his friend, Coventry Putraore, entitled "FaithfulBlanca, 1 Petroulla.Steam Corvette*. Francirfco de Auii<, Inabel de Catolica. VelaBCO,Ti;:arro,Baraw, Herman Cortex, Neptune. Venadito. GuadHlqiiirer, (general Lero.The St. Louis Republican denies a rumor1 that Sena-'.Stevens, - thewild, cruel, swift, impetuous, Mr. Sumner's, languageis rhetorical, Ciceronian, a little too remote, perhaps,from the parlance of common men. Mr. Phillips poe- of the simplest and silliest class of domestic ditties, andgrind us to powder in their enthusiasm. In fact it wasj*©< a matter of will, good or bad, at all, but of solid dialect. So, as all power awakens for the time a sense many very curious shortcomings (to appearance), andcontents, cubic inches, and the laws of currents. So of exultation in those who behold its manifestation, places of rest, or of dead color, or of intended harsh- we abode on the outskirts of the Promised Land, and we, for the time, ore. rapt, moved, carried away by the ness," as necessoryto the general effect onMr. Buskin's beard now and then »tone of Charles Sumner's, flung dynamic*Phillipn. When he has done,- he has laid out theory, as the shadows to a picture or the discords in aDESCENT UPON RUKNEBS.—Tbe New-York and J£rie Railroad Company have for a long time been annoyed by New-York hackmen and hotel-runners, who cross over to Jersey City to solicit passengers. Complaint* have been made to the police, aud yesterday afternoon eight of them were taken into custody by Chief of PoliceMarinusandasquadofpolice. Theygavetheir names as John McDonald, Patrick Egan, Sebastiana large field for criticism, but he has taken fine piece of music Whether this ingenious plea, J»r Jeering, and straining on tiptoe, we saw his noble us with him. H in the crowd and hurry of which is enlarged on with the writer's usual rhetorical •bead,andbustlikeapicture,asitwere,setina fiery hisinspirationhehassaidwhathadbetterhavebeen ability,willbeallowedonParnassus,does,notyetJM» fJrom a silver trumpet, over the wild waves of popu-left unsaid, we who have profited by that inspiration appear. ,.; Websterbehindhimlookeddefedjandthecrowded fiat musthelphimtoaforgivenessheismorelikelytoneed —ThesaleofBaronHumboldt'sproperty,recentlycon-rightB of .the South.frame- work of eager faces. And somehow, the paintedhim in cold blood—it was poetic madness, but therewas poetic truth in it; set them down together.J» this interesting scene, we went away sorrowful thing to be sure is wanting—he has given us the sharp one lot into the possession of Messis. Asher & Co. of The personnel consists of about 14,600 sailors, in activenition were snipped to-day to Charleston, South Caro-drele.'' Louisvi characterB, than >The liabilit it-** iH)*«d in Kentuo their names and w forever, aecenrth^ enemies. I will § is e«teemed as freiIn one corner making a triantrt election elerk, tai tors. A wnall c wing, and tl»e \c his name to th«» asks (when he 1 vote for?" Th< or " DougW, ibad made, and gallantly carried off Gov: Bonks on his ttddressoB, etc., which accompany most.of the books,twenty-four feluecoB and eighty-eeven estamperias.The Berengeulu will be put in regular " ahip-«hape" jD. W COUTTS, Pub. TrvMturer.l* THREATENED SECESSION IN NORTH CAROLINA." RAUUOH, NOV. 7, 186a "The Governor and Council are in MMIOU. The news .war-'not yet arrived.Fleece, built at Aberdeen in 1856,358 tuna register, rates A 1 at Lloyd's, as the American ship Golden Fleece awived at Sun Frwyjfoco from New-Tor* Octo~bock, a service not due the present Governbrin eonsid- eratkm of a single effort made by him in behalf of bisand specimens of the marginal notes that abound in the late owner's autograph in many of the volumes.before a we*k, and persons having preper passes may 1» ranta the belltfthat tho LejrUlatnro wftt b« called togAtbwr imtuo*J, I K « 5 ''*& i ^ ° ^ Wk ******* '.•"*VTM*WfdiHUly. Too people we very much «ctt«A- : North Carolina i«: '^_^^.^_^^www.fultonhistory.comis Mr. Hargrave Jennings, who has written a singularA novel, idea has been carried out in arrauging the the Federal officers in those States resign, would yousmall.aims beside the cannon of the ship, thus obviat-ing the necessity of keeping them in a- separate room. —The second edition of Max Milller'n " History of A spare propeller is stowed amidships, to be used incase of need. The decks are kept exceedingly neat.not think the clouds were deepening, and that they portended a terrible storm ? And what a pilot we have at the helm ! Would he call, around him the wise and true and the patriotic to save the ship of State'? .' . "• , .. ; '" I coufess I have but little hope in him. He is not equal to the crisis, and nothing • but a protecting Providence can save our beloved country from a bloody revolution.better versed in it* really classic literature than MaxVedaicwritings,theinterestofwhichis.chieflyarcheo- Thesquadron,ofwhichtheBerenguelaisone,con-burningstreamofwordsand"figurestobelanded,at the orator'B convenience, in some new region ofthought, far from the household gods of his familiar opin-ions. This tyrannous genius sweeps an assembly like ship was founded by Col. Boden,. who left his fortune Navy is 'represented in "the Gulf, we append a list ofForever." The reviewer of "The Critic" had, in dis- charge of his duty, stigmatized the work as an instanceThe Memphis ,(Tenn.) Bulletin learns from Wash- ington that in view of the increasing power of theTbe offico-B of the Berenguela are ae follows:C&pUdn, Jone Iguacio Rodriquez; Commander, Fruncla de Pa ilaryon; Lieutenants, Demetrio do Carta Moutenegro, Thoma- de Bortoa, Salvador Carviza, FrancitiVita; AHuiHtant-Surgeons, Juan Acosta, and Joeeph Oallerdo; Chaplain, Valentine Aco«U; Other Officers. J. M. TruzilJo, Louis Garcia Carlonell, G. Lobi, M. Pa* la, fi. Freye, D.J3. Serrate, D. Y. Benita, and others.Subjoined is a statement of the present strength o Jones of Tennessee, the Hon. John M. Botts, Timothythe Spanish Navy. There are in serviceable condition Rives, and William C. Rives of Virginia, Albert Rust 82 vessels, canying in all 887 guns. Of these, two ore of Arkansas, and James Guthrie of Kentucky intend ships of the line, rating 86 guns each; four are frigates, isBninga manifesto, assuring the conservative peopleof the Free States that in no event will the constitu-rating from 32 to 42; four are corvettes of from 16 to tional election of Mr. Lincoln be regarded as a cause30; nine are brigs of from 10 to 20; sixteen are smaller for breaking up the Union, unless ho should attack theHL that picture was as a ghost before this new, living than to seek. The very reporters should not report cluded, was confined entirely to the- articles of art dle-wheel frigates of 500-horse power and 16 guna each j drod kegs of powder, and eightv-four boxes of ammu- Bowen, James Howard, and Peter Biley. JBeootdw•overflowing in. Fauueil Hall that night, was not to bejeocQejntered save on the ground of martyrdom. WeK»« that they would break onr. bones in their zeal, andcan talk the veriest Yankee and ennoble it, as Bumsennobled his broad Scotch, by the jewel* of thought. that flash through the homely robe of the homespun" perfect piece of art, containing, as all good art does,quarter, headed by Henry 8. Foote of Mississippi, Al- exander H. Stephens of Georgia, Isaac E. Morse of Louisiana, Gen. Sam Houston of Texas, George W.assertion: Mr..Ruskin,'however, declares the poem, tothe best of his perception and belief, " a singularlywere madebyBerlin, who are ready to, treat for a purchase of the service, independent of six battalions of marines, num- whole, or failing this method of disposing of it, will bering 1,000 men each. There are, however, nearlyTo rt« JCdi/or* of The Journal of Comment.GENT: The inclosed slip cut from The JV. Y. HeraldMARINEAFFAIRS,As* figure of'feaper for toy columns. We have*«Aen seen and heard bhn bWore—ean we do it. from touch ? Who but our dear Governor elect, God bless break it up and sell singly (most likely) by auction. A 100,000 registered fishermen and others who could be of the 8th inst. is a boax throughout.MISSING VESSEL.;.,. f•r '..-)'•.*.:•'••• •.-'.'-<' *'-• • , ', . . . . . . .* • * ...I;ber2i9. ',.;. ,-••' (..'.'''";•;•;" • ''••. i •• •• ' *>•land, Thomas Keightley, whose late valuable edition .ridicule: ,'.".-" ' r-;'•--'•affairs. On '^^S^SSS^btimSiiS. the 1departure from this port of a detachment of United States sokh>r» for Fort Moultrie, South Carolina. Previouidy tho only barrack« in^Miwuri, wliich ;is eonsidered one of the peaceably-disposed Southern States, was vacated^ by a company of Government solders, and Jefferson Barracks has now no garrison, yesterday the unex- pected announcement that the corvette Saratoga, re- ^ y ^ m m i s s i o n e d at Philadelphia to r e e m W our-and biography of Milton'.(3 vols., 8vo.^ Chapman '&Hale) exhibits taste and erudition of a high o«ler,re- ;it shall be a penal offense for any citizen of the Slave appearB before' the public as the translator from the States to ibuy or sell any article.whatsoever to a citizen-^-Sporting literature will receive an acceptable addi-who will contribute his mite toward furnishing thethe bad ideal of the person he handles, and who must old landed gentry. The number of families that pass picture belonged.- '.] requisite rocks. Let them dowhat theyplease, and company of Artillery; at Baton Bonge, Lfti, 1 com- •> '.:sfaaxk used % to takV bis rouse, before he was called to be dealt with all the more because, for the time, his this ordeal in all England is between 300 and 400, and The above appeared in THK TRIBUKK of the 14th when they pleaee: with one solitary condition, viz., pany of Artiller)"—Total, about 800 men. There^ore-*ome other sphere of action to us unknown, and in this genius makes us the involuntary accomplices of his in- the results of the investigation are very curious, inst. ;-';.;.7-" :' -.•>";• */.;'.;,• '.-'•'"'.;-;-;•i;.-'/.--r;v'; •' • ''. '•• '•' hat their separation shall be final. Their absence about 120 United States marines at Norfolk and- Pensa-solitary erustacea flopped about, occasionally holding I justice some counties being without a single resident family ofap one melancholy flipper as if soliciting sympathy. \ 0, Wendell! Philippic, fiery Wendell! We were in gentry that can assert such a claim. !Bwt here k arranged a litHe theater, and at eight of the all our election joy. The triumph of Lincoln was new, —An interesting letter has appeared among the to this country in 1834, and brought with them a large «£oek een meggteur'* sauvage* began to shoot their and too good to be true. W e went about, as do the foreign correspondence of The Allienccum, from a, collection of "-Paintings'hy the Old Masters," expect- wangh-waugh melodies behind the scenes, and having Rufrians at Easter, who say to every one they meet, ing to realize their expenses by exhibiting them, and•Rtven us a scientific combination of the tones of the " The Lord is risen." This event, and the great suc- gentleman, who describes how he was at the moment then dispose of them to great advantage. seated in state, the. sole reader—gifted by special per-would be an incalculable and invaluable relief to the balance of the people of these United States. W e should escape large quantities ofquadrennial gas,and confusion, and 'stuff". At every Presidential election, these politi- cal fillibnsfers remind us of the poor Frenchman who locked himself in a room with a rich one, and threat-fi«et«. Then came a .-wild «ort of dance, the savages in doing the same. But you, Wendell, never give God would never do. The extent of this famous nationalcollection of archives is almost bewildering, contain- opened for exhibition. Price of admission 50 cents.frightening old women and young children. They noticed, intently listening to his conversation, and athave been revived and repeated, until—to use an ex- the next stopping-place, where the cars tarried three- pressive - vulgarism—they are ' played out.' Their quarters of an hoar, he was waited upon by a commit-bombast is.absolutely sickening." . , , tee, who questioned him as to his politics, but he de-| The Charleston (S. C) Mercury is thusjubilant over clined to give them any satisfaction.. Mr. Woodthe bill to call a convention: thought no more of the questioning to whieh' he hadbeen subjected,- and continued on his jour- ".Inthespiritandtemperofthetimes,aconvention ney. On arriving at "Four-Mile Branch," the. of the people of South Carolina, to be held within forir place was found to be terribly excited, avtribmg the floor hard with their bare feet, and caper- thanks for anything. You cannot say grace at dinner, ing more than 100,000 Icgatos, or bundles of docu- After a few weeks' trial the exhibition closed. It did ing about pretty nimbly, but with a manifest warft of without especially vilifying the butcher who provided ments, each containing from twenty to oricliundred and not pay rent. The Messrs. Brette had become dis- Intention. Between the performances, the showman the meat, and the cook who prepared it. Nay; did gusted,,and owed money. In the mean time Adamseekes his little explanation- " These three,; the tall- one band you a hospitable cup of tea, you would be fifty separate papers, according to their size* The col-lection, in its perfect state of order and accessibility, and Eve lay rolled up in the garret of the store ISb.**»es<|andlargest,areKaffirs,fromtheCapeColony; sureto*--ay,"It'sapityitisno-better." Andso,at offersahexampletocountriesthatconsiderthemselves 26Broad,street. Whatshallwedonext?wasthevital question. The two paintings were-unrolled upon a pile of sacks of coffee, and for the first time were viewed by American eyes. "Exhibit them," was the•* 2k>. 4 is a Hottentot: No. 5 a Bonhman. The dresses the Fraternity lecture, when the organ had; finished*• in which you behold them are their holiday attire. playing all sorts of jubilant marches, " Buchanan's Re- more enlightened than Spain. Contrary to the usualweeks, to pronounce upon her remedies in the crisiswhich is at hand, means disunion—means the separationof South Carolina, whether alone or with others, fromthe Union which can only be a badge of infamy to her!It is eo hailed in this community. The decree nas gone sible to permit his stay in the place, and advised mm forth, and'must be registeredin the tablets of history. to leave as his best course. They, however, did not*• On ordinary occasions they wear, ahem, very little treat," " Lincoln's Quickstep," and " God Save the opinion, the writer acquits,the. French of much inten- tional damage, while they were in possession of thesetelegraphic dispatch having • probably - informed the citizens of the opinions of the new- comer among them. He was immediately waited utby a Committee, who told him that it would be imf'^•eJothing'of any description. The Bushman is quite Governor"; and'when the eyes of all men were historic treasures—always excepting some three hun- derision of the bondsmen, and they were sent up to the**small, not much above four feet in bight, but he fastened upon yon, you pitched into everybody and**has been married twice, and has had three child- everything, made our great victory contemptible, dred hgatos carried off to Paris, and forgotten to beWell-done•• to our noble representatives! The day infeist on his immediate departure, and offered to pay tion of Spanish History in the United States than in flocked to see them.. Money poured in by the bushel; that brings them' back again to the hearts of their •the entire, expense of his return to this city. Mr. **yon their war song, after which the second Kaffir his great discomfort, pummeled the dignified Seward, any other country, that it is very probable "G. B." $300 to $500 a day was nothing. Brette paid his debts, constituents will, be prouder, than those which .wit- Wood concluded that he would retrace his steps with-ren. Bravo, Mr. Bushman? They will now give knocked over Gov. Banks, held Gov. Andrew aloft, to returned. So much more has been done for the elucida-***wiH execute his wonderful bead-dance." and in a moment of returning calmness, enunciated nessed the triumphal processions of Imperial Rome. out delay. He experienced no insults in the "cars onThe war song turns out to be the most savage incan- your solemn and invariable proposition: " I n the be- may be some New-Yorker or.Bostonian, emulous of the paid the duties, and.within three months from the time In the glowing language of Cicero:' * The very founda- the way to Charleston, except from a few rough cus-twtion to which these ears ever gave attention. -Its re-the paintings were opened to the public he remitted to London £2,500! . . .whose library has recently taken place. As the ** FourBut I cannot draw your portrait in wrath. I sym- ' Folios" (the gems of the collection) were secured by All the newspapers, especially The, N. Y. American,tions of the city will move from, their places and go forth to meet them.'•"'" ginning Garrison created the heavens and the earth,fame of Mottley and Prescott.tomers, as an officer had been provided to protect him. On reaching that city, at the suggestion of friend«; he occupied apartments in the Guard-House the night-r-Much good lamentation has been wasted on the dying agonies and undying hate as to make one—con- " image, which we have ever Bince »oen trying to ac- supposed loss to the country of the Shakespearianfeun is a sort of smothered groan, which breathes so of " and I said to Garrison, let us make man in our ownKkJer. No forgiving of trespasses in that utterance—it "eomplish." treasures of Mr. Burton, the comedian, the sale'of received twenty years later. c3» the vengeful cry of the wild animal upon which man,titm> tamer of beasts, is super-imposed. The colored pathize too much with the old lady from the country, Mr* Edwin Forrest, as well as most of the other rare puffed the paintings terribly. Charles Fenno Hoffman. "'ATAKSFIKLS, near Lexington, Ky., Nov. II, 1860."MY. DKAR Sni: The Presidential election is over The produce dealer, so far as we could learn, effectedbrethren intone this with so muchgustothat one clearly who took up one of Theodore Parker's best morningsmderstands, *« Those are our sentiments,*' through theeditions of which he was not already possessed,-itwrote columns of criticism^ The Episcopal Bishop and thirty clergymen of note gave certificates that theyand Mr. Lincoln is eleeted coiiBtitutionally the nextPresident of the United States, and it becomes everygood citizen to submit to the will of the couBtitutionalmajority as declared at the ballot-boxes. The momentthe object of his Southern visit.• m'•'-"''"'•'tot and Bushman give us a duet of. their own, in iiigh tenor and falsetto notes, not unpleasing, and with .a little of the raw material of music in it,foir music,very handsome sum. realized by the collection (about nounced Eve to be the exact portrait of a notorious butThis very obvjous rule seems to be utterly forgottenvin her anxiety to have it proved that you were a childturns out that thejeremiads against the national wantopen-mouthed gibberwh with which they accompany of grace. Theodore satisfied her at last, but unhappily oftaste were in this instance unfounded. Indeed, the were purely Scriptural. • All the congregations visitedIbefar melody. Then the Kaffirs retire, and the Hottenr he has'not bequeathed to us'the process by which he them. Edward Livingston, Minister to France, pro-AN OUTSIDE VIEW. . From The Montreal ( Canada) Herald.• 'did it. I heard you, however, at the Music Hall, when $15,000) is a proof of indiscriminate appreciation, rathervery beautiful French woman, who had been at one time the mistrees of Dubufe, the painter of the picture:Mr. Lincoln shall have taken tlie oath prescribed by by the Fire-Eaters of the South, who, under pretensethe Constitution; he will stand upon the Union Plat- of Southern rights, would •practically disfranchise tho , North, which need take no port in tbe Presidential form, and I am assured from all quarters that his ad- election, if its sentiment is to be overridden by theyou spoke of him to hisofilicted congregation,-when sweet words and pathetic tones showed me a deep veinthan of neglect or parsimony, as it may be doubtedwhether the library would have brought within $5,000,I k e sugar, is concentrated from nature, not pro-*jwed by it. Then the Kaffirs return, and mutter a whereby to judge you. Now,' as I know not, more- of " Shakespeare's Works" (1623) was knocked down York citizens, before the pictures started for the South. national and coneervative. . > stead of appointing Conventions to dissolve the jaart-of tenderness in you, and gave me a new criterion in London^ ofthe sum it will net here. The First FolioTo sum up, the Brettes received $50,000 from New-ministration of the General Government will be fear that, if it prevail, it will lead to a break-up. In-The history-of the original paintings is very curious. Mr. ."/. W. Brette of London and his brother came outcola. The recruiting .stations of Jefferson^ ,Mo.» ajid .Louisville have no full company garrisoning them justn o w . ' . „ : , •HOW THE SCHOOLMASTER WAS USED. \ Frttm The Boiton Tranicript, Nov. 14.Tliere came passengers on the South. Carolina, Mr. Tiger, w M e a ^ hyena, and hippopotajuus, they leaped cesses i» Italy, made us feel that, while the bride- mission with access to the archives of Spain, in the -Among the lot. were t/wo paintings, rolled up in one and, there $500. Every four years these .••Southern William C. Wood and Mr.Blodget, a produce dealer. •wpon the board and executed themselves in a picaaing groom had tarried, we had all been sleeping, and our romantically situated Castle of Simancas. He uses the roll, that the Brettes regarded as rather too indecent to Quixotes swell up with bod whisky and worse logic, Mr. Wood, it. appears, went South for the purpose of-variety of antics, hitherto unseen .upon any stage. waking eyes were yet dim with the mists of our un-*3Pfr»tcamethewedding ring: thesun is setting, and belief. Wehada.Governor,too,afterourownheart; signature "G. B.,"whichmightbetakenforGeorge Borrow, only that he speaks «f arriving " in hisexhibit. and tell the people, if they don't do so an'd so, that they teaching. He was a graxluate of Harvard College.Hewasdestinedfor Four-MileBranch,BarnwellDi« . The paintings all had to be bonded at the Custom- —the Quixotes—will secede. Let them secede, and be trict, S. C. He took passage in the ears from Charles-tbe bride iscoming; these were the" words; the music and when we went to Tremont Temple to hear you carrhige,". which, as may be certain, Borrow, unless House. The then eminentfirm of Gracic, Prime <&Co. —bleseed. We are tired of their gasconade, their ter- ton for his destination, in company with Mr. Blodgett.- w W i repetition of three or four extremely discordant lecture on the election, we went as if to give God sadly changed since hie days of wild equestrianism, were bondsmen for the lot. A place was secured in rific threats, and their bloody prophecies. They were On the way. inadvertently, he expressed his prefer-••notes; the bride nhonld have rtrong nerves, one re- thanks for its result expecting you to aid us Barelax street, and.the paintings by the old masters were never calculated for any higher destiny than that of ence for Lincoln as President. An individual wasAcademy of Paintings in Barclay street. - -Talk of well received ! In lef»s than a week crowdsMore money was taken .in to see "Adam and Eve"LETTER FROM THE SON OF HENRT CLAY. previous to the sailing, of the steamer, that being the-(in proportion to the population) than even Jenny LindThe following letter from the Hon. Thomas H. Clay will be read with mtereat: "safest retreat during the existing excitement. The next morning, an officer of the city come down with. Mr. Wood to the steamer, and put himssifely on board.Untitled DocumentBlaico d<rGttrny,.'tor Green iB going to resign.as bis term expires next March.fBERENGUELA.logical, and not to be pursued so- exclusively without sists of no Jess than 20 men-of-war, of which 11 axe'conflicting with the purposes for which the Professor- steamers. As it is well to know, how the Spanish the North." . ; ."':".,' ' - ' t : length. A row of torches on each side of the cars gave>lightning—abuse, derision, aye, even unfaix-ness, grow for that purpose.:'.', the.entire fleet:Steam Frigate*.for the time admirable in his hands. Mr. Suinuer is a ;—Mr. Ruskin has just made a characteristic appear- Berenguela,. . -Steam Corvetlet.Sailing Wiipn.Felayo, Herhunuero,Chrintjua. -Aliedo, Isabel 'id. Juulter.The telegraphic dispatches from the North in South- ern papers are full of ridiculous exaggeration and fiction. • i-i ' '/The Border State (T^The Southern Confederacy (Georgia) Bnggests thatAfrican Squadron has l>een detailed for service South startled everybody. The Saratoga is a »*x)nd-cla*, " The Horse and its Rider." As far asthe first of these State, except South Carolina, and only of her because the sailing sloop-of-war, 882 tuns burden, and 'fSSm 20is concerned it is said to be a perfect manual of equine theon- and practice. " T h e Dead Shot" or Sports- man's Complete Guide to the use of the Gun, is anotherThe Vicksburg. (Mies.) Whig has nofeargof any voice of her people ia stifled by landed and aristocraticpride. *. His look and smile are now as clear, Ibright, one modern'book in which the positive truth is told late issue of the English proas, recommen^d by itsand naive as in the days.of'his youth, and he wears the respecting the claims of families to ancient descent. clever and characteristic 'illuBtra'tions. Both of these a manifesto of his views. Tl»e Cruj-ader has been ordered to " repair" at Penea-crown of his miu-tyrdom—a crown rarely worn in this This is an elegant volume, by Mr. Evelyn Philip Shir- books will appear in American editions.ley, M. P . for Warwick, "•The Noble and GentleHouses of England," which has just reached a secondedition. Its canons are severe, but conscientiously car- THE PICTURE OP ADAM AND EVE. The New-Orleans Crescent calls upon the Electoral As Eome interest attaches at present to the edmple-ried out, and.its object is to record every family now existing in'England'-which has subsisted in a position of "estate and worship," in the male line, and was soder dry."" -.•'•': .'. "Colleges to repudiate Lincoln! It warns them to ment of United States soldiers stationed South,' we "ap--country, a* the original-were some 25 yearn ago." We never saw were ©vei*so well receivea as the first are reported to have been.drawn Sumner as we think he ought to be judged. But the Roses were just over, and "before the changes It has been suidthat-the original "Adam and Evo" netted to their this brings u* to speak of one who is very apt. to give attendant on the Reformation; had made havoc of. the exhibitor in -this -country something like a hundred thousand/ ;The Frankfort (Ky.) Commonwealth says: ; , , ;than the bod ideal of a. character. No man is 'stereo- seated at the commencement of the Sixteenth Century, the originul pictures, of which these are said to be improvedtyped; he always hangs between the two. We have , or before A. D. 1500, when the devastating Wars of copies-; but-we can hardly believe that such paintings as theseV'Duhn'fe'fl reproduction of his. two cel«jhrnt«?d pahitlntp of Adorn- BJKI Evek before and after the expulsion, have been re- ceived hero, and, we understand, ore to be exhibited through thepauee before it is too late; they may sow-thewind; but if they do, '•••lei them look out for the whirlwind."pend a correct list of them: At Fort Monroe, 'V«k, 8dollarcr though no part of it- ever reached the artist to whom theof Artillery; at Key West, Fla., 1 company of Artil- ' leiy; at Barrancas Barracks, near Pensacola, Fba., 1ened to blow his own brains out, and charge the rich one -with the murder, unless the latter gave him then$ re»p^fcfc*the1nJSMies* ai that o*ce. . ' T h ^ ^ has full faith in the i* a dispatch received by Coltector'Schell\guns. She has on board about 300 sailors; and i t » worthy of remark that her marine gtiard ismore nu- merous by half than that of any corvette in;tbe navy.The Petersburg' (Vn.) Intelligencer submits, but ad- cola, although she was " repaired" a few weeks since.distinctions,The St. Louis (Mo.) News wants Mr. Lincoln to issue She was to have sailed to-day for the Coast of, Africa!companies of Artillery; atFayetteville Arsenal, N. C., ''Mf the people of. South Carolina, Alabama or 1 Company of Artillery; at Fort Moultrie, S.C.,,2 Georgia desire to secede from the Union or the Consti- companies of Artillery; at Augusta, Geo., 1 companytution,;let them do BO. Let them inclo se themselveswithin a Chinese wall, if they want to, and here is oneof popular and equal rights niay as well be dispensedwith.' Nothing can show this more conclusively, thanthe particular circumstance which has been made theoccasion for this burst of furious nonsense. No one in olina is misprision of treason. Messrs. Magrath, Col- the South pretends that he is hurt at present. Till thewe were convinced that, the President would do his good a right as themselves to make their opinion available. After all, it is probable that the hubbubOur naval reporter visited tfie frigate yesterday, andwas courteously furnished with the .informatipn he whole duty, -wemight look hopefully ahead. will affect the ntock exchange more than any politicalvessels,andtentransports. Therearethreesteamfrigates, of which the Berenguela is one, and. fiveschooners,allfittedwiththe screw,besidethree pad- .Axx COMMERCE NOT SUSPENDED.—Twelve hun^ Josephs, RichardBogurdas, Alex.Morrison, Thoma«"..'"••- • -.l-:l &tHe will not be so green,ublican W1K> VO t" a d r y g o o d s m bim; it a aavlui away; that h<. ito work n# well, men of renWt ion would not ari't-.-t be gratifj'ing to j record, as a teetii the saerrfire wax required of them fore they kept :ikInjustice mus*r| villei Here, a** < tl»e box, and sec thev«et tbeniKrh kin"d of mischief, i ate and timid p<*j inthis^y,av*.-t upright men, wis eeHontials of pro* Yorkmutt not b \V. SK, her PrvIt is a timeNothing could 'x; Sundays Sliop d was t>u»pend«.-d. . in the city micat eo faragrehitcp t ton why the*» v< the manner of vc follow.Tbe RepuhhtM the commercial oi their lot here, M* of industry arid temdvelv in the. meu of Northc n do not employ th with people whothe excursionists an opportunity to examine the work of.the tunnel. At all the points where there was. dan- ger of the rock giving way overhead, substantial archeshave been constructed to guard against accident.Upon emerging into daylight on the other side,4he company were greeted with enthusiastic cheers by the laborers who had gathered there, nearly 400 strong. After remaining a short time, the train returned to.the disunioniBte in the South, the conservatives of that new"ferry-houses, in course of construction, at the Long Dock, where the guests partook of a collation; afterThis looks singular, too.which speechesHon. D. S. Gregory, and others.EdwinWE MS.It is probahly the British ship Goldentm- Thomas M. Tryniski 309 South 4th Street Fulton New York 13069 