 Ethat body, proposed the heal h of their Majesties. Emperor returned the following reply: 'Thefolitical. meeting that I have ever attended,tection and free-trade. It requires only a brief refer-a<*d at on? _. ;*> namedbattle*nHar*mta»ed the?d etruggfed.teeest tagaf ock of thetement pr*^•- d w i t h p e o - . ; .-wa*,astirv...dat bayonets oud «vTwi*v*£ we steamedi v * d t o t h © xid axkmsby*9 Hon. Ere*,v>i&rds, M*^ u*"»*»v ; antis not JnOonsistentlT siicdjided by. tto advance into the State* of the Chnrch of an army of SO.MO man.mm^mmmjm^^^M^^^^^mM&^Mm '_i_ citho Man- Tiags, piece* »d theNea- nie- Every ftheSouth not, and fairi he-re? Had reached Sa- -ww of the wbero^h* owiryegti*- ike the laet Oa I wentrd, and found UV Euglish- the old maa-Ile had en- rf the Gone- RT I H J I t r o a p s , t this tewny i terminate* or.r unarmed ^ m Colonel learned that ;ge about 15 e. Along theolitan troops leone, wena* eatures, foot>edgesof the At theea-of the moon-. et», we saw ot haute into >f the Gene* vena seat l a outed 'VirjuL.tendenza, with his bad m y rested and xa dirty pairCombing hii satest patriot• e announced.' few minutes,us most, cor- y the state of• the time of to-d between: xiety was to „ on the great a (he highest, of oar Ad- him again in ttex changing da deiermiaa- n :>meot, and auug a life, if Ths National La Urge nnm-: u:sir utmost. wean monks en ;ind chil-in the corner ictioved and nin-ut his de-1 nd collected; ch policy his ipigrammatic f the French m I need not.r.to S>uerno, eii-A on their ed the bandsdown their iaore ridiecK his tattered arsry of thelemonntahi- t h e h e a l t h o f sew to Gari-On cnter- iautiy iHncai- i*attire,and*if tbeor own<«iAngtnalonebeconsiotered, ~,afc^"hofeless mtnrrection. A Fossombronethe ins-w- rectJon has been put down •*y force, and the telegraph inferos us «f what we can b jHeTe—that scenes similar - to thoso of Perugia hare beer enacted. The warb*ganin that place under the auspices of the Club, the twowho Wlives it are to be pitied;; But 'wiiy say anything mtxe^nced a proposition to-the same effect. In 1855, pectfully headed to ^Bf's Excellency, Abraham Lin- tbJrfy years Mr. Bucbaiian had done the; Wddui^rofomxUtxa every >rth like elnn- ayen.' Thou- vhen the Gen- «of the 'Hotel iw no bounds*tracted. line wty, and with which had dvictims,and lis small Staff e has not met *en tue sacri- renhrown bygdom so cor-- '.employed to >eople', refuses erson of theirer J, and willAPAL DO-" Gentlemen: The banquet offered" by the Chamber of Commerce affords me the pleasing opportunity of publicly thanking the city cT Marseilles for.the warm reception it has given to the Empress and to myself.'" The unanimous demonstrations of attachment whichWe have received since the 0 nntnencement of our jour-The Supreme Court of the United States early de- the public on any political queation. Au uapracticed into rival.communities. History nowhere points to different would it be if. Lincoln were elected; cided that this. clause gave Congreee sole power to speaker, trusting to the inspiration of the occasion for any nation that ever adopted free-trade.; Within the His Administration cannot be a. seetional one, legislate for them. But^ven if this clause had not ex-d-ecisiofc of the red to him by ops of Victor ones, and war ini has taken' &s being in &a twelve hon- re fallen into , A. This is a, stepthat can- ned the tern- o:e the ariflis- itea backward ± the Italianall that nego- og conld effect sftfor it bat to layearflyima- in:a to tois ?e- i»g were theIudiiamove- to cocsalt her •ch d events;ader the excln-' laientl Victor odable competj. •the snccessfaXnecessary, but would be absurd surplusage. If a horse or ox escapes, or is stolen and carried into a neighbor- ing State or foreign nation, no constitutional provision is necessary for its recovery./ By. the common law and the law of nations, the title remains unimpaired, and the Owner mayrecapture it .without a process, or enter the courts and recover it by law. This right ap- Elics to every article of property. The Constitutio*are mnde—a d» not to be >y whish com- i conqnexor of >i;rr*,-*sfc his ad- .-States. The ficient to carryStates of tiie *. violent shock xVentee. For rernmentisnothold their pre- [ the power of all the rest of to force^her to F'litrethe prob- ie mas*, taete- tielf once morelead, that aha s revolutionize pat herself in a tary movement 0 think that in rench hus been view, and that ie or France. ic«5nnt for the . He lives ia tion has snpejr- mid l>e ehfldiahf international ranqaillity.impeQed Pjed- tt to see what ie step. These aisruieand op- he presence ofhe is a very good neighbor—knows how to order a roborates, that produciag countriss are always poor, Bafety of the vessel andcrejw. They will be removed, first-rate dinner. But I differ with him, and denounce while .manufacturing and commercial nations grow his doctrine as the very essence' of section- rich. The producer always pays the freight of his ar- *% is thought, and the Saganaw be converted- into a alism. It tends directly to divide. the Union. ticle to market. If-that market is hear at"baud he saves tender to the fleet. California's first contributions to ['•'Cringing."] Moreover, it will destroy him if he freight. If at a great distance the cost of transportation theNavydonotaugurwel]fortheship-building,ca- livesuptoit,itwillruinanymerchant,ornineteen takesoffallhisprofits. Withoutmanufacturingestab-applied .to all. the territory then owned by the United States. Congress, at its first session under the present Constitution, redacted the samelaw, and itwas signed by Washington. Where then slept the vigilance of Washington, Madison, Jefferson, Adams, Hamilton, and the other great men who framed the Constitution, that they, did not perceive this violation of the sacred instrument then fresh from their hands? Was it allowed to sleep for sixty years, then to be discovered by an agfarian demagogue and a Jesuit slaveholder?Judge Tanev concedes that the law might be validas to the specific territory owned by tie United States,before the adoption of the present Constitution; butcould not be applied to any afterward acquired. NorthCarolina and Georgia did not so understand it. NorthCarolina ceded her unsettled lands to the United Statesin the year 1790; Georgia ia 1802, severalvears afterthe adoption of the. Constitution. They^deemsd itnecessary tq. insert, and did insert in the deeds of ses-sion, an express agreement that Congress should notabolish or prohibit JSlaS'dry in thoee Territories. 42on-crees entered into the compact, and accepted the laud*.What a useless, foolish, and frivolous engagement, if fore he undertakes so hopeless a, task! He may be Congress had no Buch power. It would stultify the more seivile and corrupt than Scroggs; morefilthy andparties. ^ ••.,'._:. I unprincipled than Saunders; more drunken and cruel.Louisiana was the first Territory acquired by pur- than Jeffries; but he cannot be more devilish than chase from a foreign State. It contained many inhabi- Taney. Let him read Dred Scott and despair 1 , tants. But Congress passed laws, and made "rules Whether we derive the power of Congress to governsylvania to the highest bidder. I have no fear that the;, and regulations" for its government. JcffarsoU was tbe Territbxies from the grant in theuCoMfitutiouby which the ie object is saidj of expressing I it of civil order- j 4theChiefofnees, and our attention was rot called to it till aoms ces of referring this event to the national Congress. It is not poesibleT No man can tell precisely jwhat thesedays after it appeared.-Two young ladies of Fairhaven recently fellequally and deeply in love 1rith a gentleman who vis- consequences might be. But it is, m the first pimust be mere producers, until their domestic institu- tionsare changed. They have great advantages of soil and climate. They have a monopoly of the most profi- table crop in the world. But they have neither manu- factories or commerce, and never can have while oursed with Slavery. They are always poor. They accumu- latebutlittlebeyondaliving. Whoeverheardofa Southern capitalist bidding for'a national loau? • No stocks,,no investment in the funds.are found in th* SouthernStates.:Bair*nNewrEuglaudhasmore wealth-than all the producing States below Mason and Dixon's line.Teiritory North of 36° 30'. This compromise was uu- clear. If the United States are the sols owners of tbe There seems no reason to doubt the election of Lin-: satiffactory to a large minority, mostly Northern men. Territories, it follows that no man has a right to put coln. A very barge majority of native-borncitizens are But the right to passsuch a law was not denied. Mr. his foot upon them, without their permhwion. for him. I am bajlpy to know that most of our German' Moproej' then" President, submitted its constitutionality Whoever enters them except under the:<f rules and fellow citizens are Republicans. They have felt op- i to bis Cabinet. J. Q. Adams and J..C- Calhoun were regulations" of Congress, is an intruder. H such, in- pression and hate it I wish I could say the same of; of the number. They gave their opinions in writing truders attempt to form a government and enact eitherthe countrymen of the immortal O'Connell—the great unanimously in its favor. The same-power has since friendly or " unfriendly" legislation, it is'uiurpatioa. apoetle of liberty, who would not shake hands with a been often exercised. The Wibnot Proviso has been CoDgressas agent of the sole owner has. a right to slaveholder,thoughhewasembassadortotheCourtof appliedtoseveralTerritories;andlasttoOregon,voted prohibiteverypersonfromenteringtheTerritory,oc, 'St. James. But I am pained to confess that they are; for by-Douglas and signed by Polk.'.Xi:its immediate ausaranee, the lvisexsinterm* he present age,1teach the peo- sui tolerance to >unces fiemis- i» fan»ticbj<a of st his authority harsh kagnegs,-'A4friends,theyromanticallyWsolvedto"drawlots"to decide which shcuH have hi m. The fortunate ose lost no time in making knowi. to him the result of the drawing, and he then inform ed her that he was already engaged to a third lady.—Madame Julie de Marguerittes, who, it seems, nowreeidea in Philadelphia, denii e, in a letter to Tht Press, to be desired than that of fipesker. It w, 8"% toconcentrateatWashiogtonallthefactions.andforce*'generally on the side of Slavery with Mitchell and* FOr more than thirty years all our statesmen, of all •O'Gonorwhoblasphemouslydeclareitadivineinstitu-; parties,whetherapprovingoftheCompromiseornot,tiori, and sigh for. plantations well stocked with slaves-' had concurred in considering it sacred. It was all that After the electionof Mr. Lincoln, what will happen? I the South demanded; it was more than the Northto prescribe conditions on which they may enter, . Both Breckinridge and Douglas concur in denying••P"r w B P 1 * *M 3 WB H l." I t is the intimate uniqa between the people and me to aim tt, a formal address. I wish, Sir, to adopted their principles. The nearest approach to it Where should he go for them but among the Southern not participate in political power; they do not share in the "SoveTtign which constitt tee our force both at home give some substantial reasons for the vote which has yet been made ia to b found in our tariff of Opposition. No where could he find truer or. safer the Government, unvil she (Florida) shall become a and Bbroad", and which al^ >ws us, in spite of great which I hope to give on the Sixth of November. 1846, Which abandoned the prth~stive doctrine, by men. What Republican would object to such men as State. In the meantime, Florida continues to.be a difficulties, to proceed without pause in our progressive [Applause] I am not to speak as a partisan, but «B adopting a nniform universal ad-valorem duty; an ah Bell or Etheridge, Botts, Bates, Rayner, or H. Winter Teiritory of the United StateSj governed by virtue movement- a freeborn citizen; I aim to speak as becomes a Newf surd system, whicb; when foreign goods are low, Davis. The protectivesystem has no truer or abler of that clause in the Constitution which empoWers" Tbst desira for good, th it impulse toward all that ,York merchant, having business relations equally valu- reduces] the duty just m proportion as protection'is re- men than thelSouthern Beft men. Why should North- Congress to make all needful rules and regulationsthem implies property, then escaping felons and traitors are property. The same section of the Constitution, provides that "if a person charged in one State with treason, felony or other crime, shall flee to another State, he shall be delivered upon demand," etc Thergumeht makes them property as well as slaves, iIf slaves were property, ho such provision would be:1i,>. .t:as nowhere made provision for. the return of prop- erty. But without such provision, with regard, to slaves, the moment they were found in Free or foreign. ',..tkm solicited, and orders ha been given to the Sar- breathe aloud on the subject of Slavery. He dinian troops td enter those rovinces by the following thought the time had come to raise our stand-throne. . . .-'-" •'>'• •- •; ',:'--':.]\ :But beside the paramount question of human rights, theie are other important issues involved in this con- test. The first regards the existence of free nations;rightsA>f labor. The, Democratic (Senate found time for neither. The course of Mr. Dpuglas in Pennsyl- vania, with regard to. the tariff, must sink him very- low in the estimation of truth-lovinb; men. It degrades him to the character of a fraudulent trickster. Breck- inridge is wrong on the question of Protection, but he does not seek to cover his error with the mantle of falsehood.Let me" ask here how any honest|man, professing to bo in favor of Protection, can vote for Douglas Or Breckinridge ? . Let me ask, especially, how any Pfeiinsylvanian, where all are Protectionists, can vote for either of them, and still claim tb be honest ? Let me ask the same thing of New-Jersey, Whose vital in-terests are struck down by these men.It puzzles me to know how certain respectable jour-nals jn the North can devote one cblumn to the advor cacy of Protection, and another) to the support of Douglas or Breckinridge. Do they blush when they•••»•more about disunion? Who is there that is not blind, March 5, Mi. Douglas said in a speech in the Senate/ coln, Presidexrtof the United States the petitions most the South, and he received his reward. Mr, Do<w»s preceding having been addressed by-Carl Scourz and tha* does ;not know that, making a proper aliow- " I am a, free-trade man to the fullest extent wo can kumlyshowethv etc.. It;will be pleasant to see how was disappointed. Hence his subsequent course oh vp» Wm. ti. Dayton. In spite of the storm without, con- 'snee ' for'' the diminished, ratio hv the North: polite those gentlemen wiU become who now talk of Kansas question. Whoever believes that that courseterrHory of a nefebbor peacs^andwhomhe ha dtanmiont, are not wholJy. •which the declaration puts f sernple to say that we bea'epiurg from bis festering brain. But in 1854 he d%-&*&&&/.'-:•the optaion that ths Sardihli to invade the whom he xsinominally at -'-ij stripped of half his even principally, those ward; and yet we do not iy wish the King euioess. For this wsbsve many^ MW. In the present con-B e did not then doubt that Congrest had the W W - every' Southern slav*-boic'erand overseer at ma back, .The msggot of Popular Sovereignty bad not tt***W e hav*> notwarnpkdjo '\$0&£jfc*ythteh urge the K•isiOf Moses H.jSrinnelI; 8. B; Chittenden,' Thadaous Stevens and Butler^ Q. Noble* -relieve. a word about this talk of disunion. Bat I do of " progressive free trade throughout the world;'' If tbelieve that if the elect&u: be thrown into Congress there were no other .evidence'j of their principlesthere will be a bloody fight, Such; as w e barely escaped this WOuld bind both Breckinridge and Douglas t»S556JH calm, bravOLincoln would spl't Ibeini asunder like alast WhSter,;through'tte,;d'B*mgu^hed coolness and 'pbeeaiuxiteotiyetiariff^ .*'•' '-•'j'-'."; '\;'" •••!K.1''' "rail^and scatter them to the four winds of heaven. Al- covfifd that all tbe legislation of Concress, from;iw courageOf thehonorable gentleman from Pennsylvania, But independently of his pledge in the platform, Mr. though no such folfy will be attempted,* I nave some to 1854. en the Bubjeci; of Slavery, had been uueotufr- who will now ',• address you. §|[Cheers.] | I have; a vDougl8s !hss^rep«atediy recorded his ihoetility ;to fear that^the^^ President will be in danger from a regu- tu^oriaL He moved and carriedthe repeal of ^CO»! singlewordmoretosayof aparagraph,1lately protection. In1843and1844,1findfromthejournals,' lar:s*:ig*.: Everyavenueleadingfront'Virginiatothe TMromite^OnwhoseheadshallhiscursesMght7Qtner saw in a Southern newspaper. ,J noticed'.''tho other that he voted at .least four times to repeal the ;WiiteTHouse'will beblocked up by the b^rd^chivaTrv Democratic politicians bad gone further fihxiihwiaafw,umPope'B Government. 3 be best proof of that opprt«aion is the fact that thf > Pope dares not trust lus ples which we so dearly love. [Applause.] Absenceever; if not, be Bbouldget off the Cincinnati platform. . ports. • . > . ••• '• vS J o b n Brown in Virginia is his handy work. Had it law not been repealed, Kansas would have come into the Union freepwithout a struggle. He invited the South to convert it to Slavery. He sent the border , Tuffians and tbe South Carolina free troops to drive oat the free emigrants; to plunder, burn and murder those who resisted. Tho murder of John Brown's familythat diovs him crazy to Virginia was his work. The massacres at Osawatomie and aU over Kansas were his doings. The subsequent unhappy conduct of the Pre- sident, fortunately for him, diverted public attehtiou. from the real author of all this bloodshed.own subjects with arms, bi t puces himself, like Dio• nysioua of Symenee, in the txands of foreign mercena- ries. The spectacle of a pspple kept down by such mease is an outbage on the Civilization of the age, and adanger and menace for ill the rest of Italy. Till some Government be established in the center of Italy which can be maintained wi Aiout 10,000 Freuct troopa to garrison the capital, and p,000 foreign mercenaries to eack insurgent towns, it i in vain to Ixopa for peace,from the country and circumstances have kept me from the city during the last four months, and. I now come from the rural districts, I may say, to meet with you here. The time has come, gentlemen/ when all men who love their country, who love Free- dom, and who loye the freedom of speech and the freedom of thought, should assemble together through- out the land to carry into the Presidential chair, as well as into the chair of this State, the nominees now before us. JCheers.} Everydayshowstheurgentnecessity of domg our whole duty to secure the election of Abra>He will see that all laws shall be faithfully executed, wbethSr he approves of them or not. -We freely aoi evil could justiyou that the Hon. Thaddeus Stevens of Pennsylvaniaj : ' t'>;./.ered. It was debated several days. Mr., Douglas's chair was always vacant. He gave oat that his tirroat was eoie. He could come into the Senate and makeengaged. We ishhimco *llysuccess,andthathis helpmeGod!opposed totheexteneionof thatSlav-SPEECH OF THE HON. THADDEUS STEVENS^FELLO-VWCITIZENS: We are in the midst of anr.him,and drank hia wnisky. But when he wasrequired to vote on the tariff bill, his throat got sorer-it closed! It has held out remarkably well since Congress ad-success may be ipidasw< decisive. PEOCLAMJ TIOX-BY. FICTOE EMANUEL.ery upon Free territory now," and, I-trust, forever.[Applause.] The question now before the people is; and persistent war between Liberty and Slavery; be- under the law against fa^e pretenses. The representa-shall that line be drawn 1 [" Yes."] I say let it be tween Oppression and Freedom; a war which has tives of Pennsylvania have never charged the loss ofHeeaid: ' • FELLOW-CITIZENS: I thank you for this cordial re- ception, but it ia with serious misgiviogs that I assume moral order in Italy, and to preserve Europe from the the responsibility of entertaining or engaging the at-**Soldier* ! J am accused >f ambition. Yep, I have One ambition, and- it is to i| Establish the principles ofitedthemveryfrequently.|Beingmutuallyacquaintedthat she is the author of the Gtarney letter, or knows anything whatever about iti authorship.and fusions, which now are battling, in all the.broad domain of our nation for the $400.0W,000 that ais totheiriamilies; \ -••-•••:':^:-••••'-••••• •^*'" ",'• Each wing of th© Democratic party has adopted the, H.A.Wiseand his co-conspirators willnot make good their threat to take possession of the capital andIn1850,Douglas^havinginhaledtheether ofambb tion, until his conscience had lost its sensibility, pro-costtheUborofgiant*toercbt •y: mm* laoor 01 gianw so w w u B£ttfS ar modemBut why speak of too sorvile procliTitt«« <Mmown*X',-•- :Ilia Majesty accepted* the p tection which the deputa- turning to his native, land, that men scarcely dared to exist until the last despot shall. be hurl&d from his found ample time to discuss the rights of man and-theproclAmation: J" Soldiers! TTon are abou to enter the Marches andUmbria, in ordlr to eetab civil order in, the townsard lor freedom of thought and speech. His heart was full of sympathy for the oppressed, but he would not invade the rights, of those to whom the .Constitu-of the Republican doctrines, and the fallacy of allOthers.'.'; ••;...":."..''. ; . . . ' . . / . ..,-... '., .^':-:' equally to every citizen, no principle of the Constitu-now desolated %j misrule, d to give to the people theliberty of expressing their xn wishes. You will not tion had given the right to hold slaves. We had heard the second the means whereby such nations are ren-Let us examine the principlesof the candidates and parties in relation to the question of human liberty; a question which should be the ruling object of all par- ties. The Republican party, while ,dSploring the exis- tence of Slavery everywhere, claims no right to inter- fere with it in the States. But in all the Territories it does claim the right, andintends to exercise it, so aS to prevent its extension. One. wing of the Democratic party, while agreeing .with the Republicans aa to the general power of Congress over the Territories, yet excludes from that power the right to legislate to the injury of Slavery, on the ground that slaves being property, are vested rights which no legislation can di- vest. •,'.....'tion, or of justice, ie violated.It would become unjust only when made to apply to one claps of citizens, and not to all. Nor could it alter the validity of the law if firearms were manufactured only in Massachusetts, ardent spirits in Pennsylvania,. and slaves in Virginia.,light against the armies of y of the Powers, but will much within the last, ten Or fifteen days of the great dered prosperous and happy. For although liberty is3"<j"aSL.*i^freethose unhappy Italian foreign adventurers whichovince3 from the bands of est them. Y ou do not goUnion meeting, and we had seen much of merchants, gentlemen of nigh character and standing, taking the, leading part—honest he did not doubt,, but still.theirworth all other earthly treasures, yst that is not all that is desirable in civilized communities. Food, rai- ment, education, the arts and sciences, are all neces- sary to the comfort of man. But these things do not present themselves spontaneously to an unwise, a nsg- Hgent, and slothful people. Industry, employment, constant "research, are necessary to their attainment. One great object of government is so 1;o regulate the structure of society as to afford employment to all, so as to enable them to procure their. necessary comforts-to reverge inju ids done to e and to Italy, but to pre- conduct was susceptible of a very different conatructioni vent the popul hatred fro; - un'oosing itself againstthe oppressors f tho counl Be (Mr. Grinnell) had come to stand up againstBut it is not true that slaves are property, according to the general or constitutional meaning of thatwonLBy the law of nations there can. be no property iu man, and no slavery except by express, positive law. Beyond the jurisdiction of the local law, all title ceases, ana the slave becomes free. This is not denied. Bat if it were property it would be otherwise; for, by the law of nations, that which is recognized as property the owner has a vested right in, in all civilized coun-u By your e: pie you ill teach the people for- the men who had declared that they would dissolve the Union incase of the election of Abraham Lincoln.givenete cf offenses, and Ch stian tolerance to the man {Applause, "Bravo!"] If that question must come, who compared ithe love of |jthe Italian fatherland to let it come now. [Loud cheers.] Let a man dareIslamism." At peace with all thethe Church, to whom I am ery ready to give, in ac- stekcrs who would throng about Lincoln from the • cordancewith the allied 1 d friendly powers, all the South when he went to Washington, and by callingtmyself aloof fjom any pr vocation, I intend to ridI aun.^d holding Powersraise his voice, ho matter who was elected President, if it were constitutionally done, against that gentleman taking hie chair—let that man be hanged higher thanCentral Italy off one con " al cause of trouble and B&man. [Cheers; *' Good!"] Mr. Grinnell concluded discord. I intend to res, the seat of the Chief of with a humorous description of the Swarm of office-•look in tbe glas» ?vor have the practices of modern Democracy extinguished that amiaple emotioh? It is duty of j government to protect the industry of its own difgueting to see Gubernatorial, Congressional, and Legislative candidates professing (to be Protectionists ana yet supporting Douglas or Breckinridge. It would be harsh to call them tools or knaves, but they mustThe other wing gives partial power to Congressover the Territories, but denies its right to prohibit tries in which it may be found. Such, also, is the com-Thj&jbrings us to the question, how far it isthje guarantees of independence! and security whjch his npon Mr. S B. Chittenden to speak. [Lxidapplause J country! against the injurious competition of foreignSlaveiy, and gives that right to sach inhabitants as may have squatted there.The Democratic creeds, while differing among them- selves, both render Congress powerless against Slavery. If tne Republican doctrins be true, then both themon law. Yet that law gives no propertv in slaves. There are two kinds of property. Absolute property, to which the right exists everywhere, and under all circumetahcee; and qualified property, to which the right depends on circumstances. The right to a man'smisguided adviijers nave in \ ain hoped to obtain for him from the fanaticism of i ie wicked sect which con- spires against niy authority ind against the liberties of he nation.nations,1 for the question of a Protective Tariff, must and will be settled at this election. Elect either of the candidates of Free Trade, and American labor and eapital will find no governmental protection until long and severe'sufferings shall have wrought a revolution in public opinicn. Elect the candidate of Protection,SPEECH OF S. B. CHITTENDEN.Mr. CHITTESDEN was received with loud applause.continual dangers of revolut on and war."-•*NAPOLEON AT [{MARSEILLES.Jf'romt Oalii/'ian ft Mmenger.A t a g r a n d b a n q u e t g i v e s , t o t h e i r M a j e s t i e s b y t h e City of Mareeilles, on Monday evening at 8£, at the new Chamber of Commercii, M. Pastre, President of!••• <;-believe the people to be one or the jotlier. eOf Messrs. Bell and Everett I have little to cay. I know the head of that ticket'-wellj. A more pure or able man can hardly be found. In mostthings he agrees •with the Republican party. He is jin favor of the pro- tection of American Industry. He believes that Con- gress has sovereign power over the Territories. In one thing only'do we differ., hx hostility to modein De- mocracy we cordially agree. Hence it astonishes me . t o s e e "his f r i e n d s i n ' t h e F r e e V S t a t e S d i r e c t i n g t h e i r hostility against the Republicans, andcoalescing with Democrats. No one is mad enough to suppose that Bell can be elected by the peoole or the House of Represen- have never had any active political associations. ence to tiie light of experience, that great teacher of tatives. BT, by possibility,, they could give a Free- When Henry Clay—[immense applause]—was lost I individuals and of nations, to prove the superiority of State to Douglas or Breckinridge,'' it would only send renounced all political preferencea, and I have never the former. ' . . ' ' ' 1 • the election to Congress, where Joe Lane, the most since that day cared much who was President. I have Protection of domestic interests again-it foreign com- unfit of the whole lot, would be nmde President. no recollection of having voted the electoral ticket petition! has been the policy and uniform practice of What would the friends of Bell gain thereby7 The since that day, nor have I ever spoken a word before every nation since man became civilized ana separated scorn of both parties-rthe favor of none. Howothers are false. All that ia necessary, therefore, is to boree is not affected by his straying or running away- establish that Congress has supreme power to Legis- But if a wild animal, in which there is no naturalrigutlate for the Territories. The Constitutionof the United of property, be reclamed, the possessor has property ujStates is a compact between sovereign States forming him so long as he remains tame; but the moment hoone general Government, according to express princi- escapes to his native forrest, and becomes wild again,ples and for purposes therein mentioned.; The Terri- the ownership ceases. This kind of property is very tories were no; paity to that cc-mpact,; and have no. analagous to that-in slaves. The right is qualified bytention of this audience for a single instant. I belong, and American labor will be cherished.and guarded, soSir to that class of your fellow-citizens who are ac-tively engaged in their own pursuits, rarely find i<bconvenient or expedient,to engage; in political conflict.N o r a m I b y a n y m e a n s a n e x c e p t i o n t o t h i s g e n e r a lrule. Seventeen years earnestly engaged in busi-ness in New-York, this is bait the second lengthened examination of the relative merits of pro-soon as the Democratic majority in the Senate shall be overcome; and that will soon follow a Republican P r e s i d e n t i a l v i c t o r y . -« This is not the time nor the place to enter into anyvoice in the'management of thej Government. Ths p o w e r s o f t h e G e n e r a l G o v e r n m e n t a r e s u c h a s w e r e granted to it by the States. The powers of the Ter- ritoriesiare such as are granted to them by Congress. The Constitution has no concern with the Territories, except so far as, is expressly provided in the iustru-. ment itself. That is confined to the provision that" Congress shall have power to dispose of and make all needful ruleB and regulations respecting the Terri- tories or other property of the United States."local laws; beyond that there ia no right.J u d g e T a n e y a d m i t s t h a t t h i s w o u l d b e t h e c a s e w e r e i tnot for the Constitution. He says, "here there is no -law of nations standing in tho way, because the right of property in a slave is distiuctiy and expresslyaffirmed in the . Conetittition." Where does he find this 1 In.that clause which provides that " n o person held to eervice or labor in one State under, theiiawa thereof, escaping into another State{ shall, in conse- quence of any law or regulation therein, be discharged from such service or labor, but phall be delivered up on claim of tbe party to whom such service or labor is due " ? This provision, instead of affirming property* ' I" *" ':;v ^^rA large and spirited meeting of .the Eepublican dy, that a leading Southern ed'tbr says::; 'fM^ke :tariff of 1842, reduce the dutiesjto 20 per cent ad 'begging for office. Instead of coming armed wiTM* and stoodhigher with the controllers of thADsmoon^w New York people and the. North generally believe that valorem, and to discriminate below that on the prin- W* apons they will hear enormous rolls of petitions nu- pSrty. He judged that ibis movement would be hard MonBlce the subjects of the 'ope from, rising in prem- Central Campaign Club wss held last eveisng in'-the the Union will be dissolved if Lincoln is elected, and ciple of revenue only. In 1853,1 he supported by a merotslylB'gned"v^ith^^ excellehtc'riificates of their loy- to beat. It would undoubtedly have given Mst.tho Great Hallof the Cooper Institute It; was the third ,tl ey will defeat, him." \ I. do not .stop to-characterize speech, and voted for a proposition to repeal all duties alty a^imn^^Thef^mnot be addressed to " Abs Cicointati nomination, had he not met in tiie floU a in the series of weekly meetings which have been heli that statement. The man who made it and themau oh railroad iron (28th February, 1853). In 1854, he Lmcoln,,Bla;ck;R^publicani'' They will be most res- more servile and devoted worshiper of despotism; Fordition of Southern and Noi tern Italy ii * qnit* im- *ipcetible^b prevent a jsopi outraged and trampled«cf* before the Pisdmoht- - jbeCween tho Pope and his sul we well know how the.esecrossedthefrontitr,aawar. Wedohotwish.to soldiers of the Cross .-make; see Xamoiidere and Jus ondottieti oarrying Sure, slaughter, ardviolation gh the dominions of thePope, and justifying the of the Vicegerent of 4 Beaveu by deeda which He itself might blush to'looksiderably more than half the seats were filled, and the proportion of ladies was greater than at any previous meeting. ''•" ;;* \ ' ;'• ;,:ern States, more, than ninety men of every hundred carry-^ti'lV "',-*'- , >••. < , X *.• •• « Black Republicans.''; Theywill suddenly •discover was dictated by honesty, greatly mistakes bis charac- ^betheUnionandfortheUnion. Theyarefaithfulto Yetthisman,withawantofsinceritywhichwould thattbjsparty^iscalled-<<R^>ubUcan,'withoutanypre- ter. Letthemexaminehiseffortssincetoregaiatneof protecting American industry, j In his late speeches pectable name, once borne by the fathers of the revo-i and the speech by which he supported it, were thenpon. Thi»baDd«pf insult to the rest of I into existence for noies is. a menace and anIt has .been calledr purpose than to op-Pope, and to put downand nominated' MOSES GRINKSLX.,' esq., for chairman. as well talk of splitting the Mississippi. Can you do Be was unanimously elected, and D. W I L U S JAMES that ? Nay, nay, my countrymen. Let us no longerof time. At Springfield and Albany he said:" When I think we are able, from the character of the new him to favor, be would now be, the Slavery candidate,rt the people'of. Pennsylvania ask! why no revision of President, to tell some things that will happen.' ; and Yancey and Wise would be stumping in his favor. *vthat nothiDar but the extremity of the the step vdbicli^Sardinia has taken, but we think tt e step is jus Med. The evil would not cure itself.. Tl e locusts wot i'd not depart while a blade <d grass remaifued for them] to devour, and the merce- naries would remain wbil* wealth, beauty, and re- venge for the hatred in w ch they are held by the people had atiD temptatio: to offer. For all thesereasons we thuik th« King * Sardinia ia entitled to the sympathy of Englishmen i the war in which he hasand A. C. HILLS were elected Secretaries. MR. GRIKNEIX, <>n taking the chair, said:SPEECH OF MOSES H. GRINNELL.be childrenj let us rise to the nature of full-grown'menj let us <?o our duty as ftllow-citizens of tbi» noble Re- public. Sir, I believe the ttme is at hand when the talk of disunion will ceasa'.for. at least four years. The election of Abraham Lincoln would cause it 't* cease inevitably. It would cease now if your political men who are now craving these $100,000,000 would ceaee lying to Northern men. [CheerB.] Finally; gentlemen, and fellow-citizens everywhere,* .if the newepapers should publishWhat I say,.! say it to mer- chants 'everywhere, let us all vote for Lincolm [Cheers.] Let us vote for him because he is: honest; and we want an honest man at the helm. [Cheers.] Let us, New-York Republicans,;vote for him and viu- didate our fidelity to the Union. [Cheers.] Let us vote forhim to save the country from the fearful con- sequences of throwing the election into the House, end when we have placed him in the highest- position on earih, let us all band together and denounce him and bis party if he prove .unfaithful to his. sacred" trust;"the tariff has* been made, their) representatives ex-"cuse themselves by pleading waat of time—the Slav- "ery question-taking it alL", He will drive the plunderers from their prey. , But after he had crawled oh his belly in the dust' be- He will select for nis Cabinet the purest and ablest fore them—even while he was Iving with his face men ofthe nation, without regard to North or South; downward—they kicked him on the upper side about preferring none, and rejecting none, because he ia on the middle of his person, and left him tb wallow in his:•mees the subjects of the ]evolution; and we do notAt Harrisburg ahu* Beading he became quite alive toPennsylvania's interests. He said: " T h e interests of the one fide or the other of Mason's and Dixon's line, meanness.oy armed force the rising.«ee that the POWSTS againstl which -this army has beenlevied axe round to wait till! 1 suitable, opportunity pre- sents itself for the Fiee i ompaniona, satisfied with Slaughter and rapine in the S utcs of the Church, to ex- ercise their trade at the expj nse of.Tuscany or the Le- gatkm*. Then there w' the intolerable oppression of4[Applause.] Gentlemen, I have the honor to iuforu\ indefiniieiy postponed; then reconsidered and smoth-will how address you. • •ham Lincoln for the next *President of the United The Hon. THAHDEITS STEVENS of Pennsylvania was loud and long speeches against Jjjff. Davis's resolu-Let Northern freemen who are trooping at his heeCa —who are worshipping bim, and striving to touch the He will aid to' annul those infamous laws which hem of bis garments—remember that they are handling vefitment8 etili dripping with the blood of "bleeding Kansas." Judge Taney conceding the right of Con- gress to legislate for the Territories, denies the powerStates. [Cheers.] Gentlemen, we stand in a peculiar position; we stand before this nation as the only coa- servativS party in the country.. [Cheers.] W e are no Disunioniata; we aTe no Abolitionists. [Cheers.] ,We are for keeping: Slavery in the States where it. now is. W e aTe for non-interference where it now is; but, soreceived with loud spplause and cheers. Throughout tions and in. favor of mob sovereignty and his seditioribill. But when the tariff was called, his throat got his speech he excited his oratory to frequent applause sore ! He could make repeated speeches at night, inand laughter. He said: •.'-.'• the open air,-to the gathering crowds that serenaded, Douglas boaBts urder his f': great principle,'' have intro- duced wliite and black Slavery into New-Mexico and Arizona as far North as 38 degrees and West to the Pacific Ocean. - •''«-.''He will help to extirpate another disgraceful " patri- archal " institution which pullutes Utah.He will enforce the law against the diabolical slave- trade, by an earnest cooperation with other nations, and hang the pirates. .I might, perhaps, here stop, as I am well aware thatin exciting times any course of sober argument is less"attractive than brilliant sallies.or pertinent anecdotes.But when the effort is to build up or consolidate a greatand permanent party, founded on important principles,reason must be convinced as well as taste gratified. Itherefcre ask your attention for a few minutes while Iattempt b y perhaps dry argument to establish the truthto prohibit or abolish Slavery, because slaves are re- cognize d as property by the Constitution.' . I believe both his premises and conclusions are false.'What is there 10 prevent the Legislature of a State from prohibiting tbe introduction of any kind of prop- erty within its borders, if deemed injurious to the pub- lic welfare ? Suppose South Carolina should think it dangerous to allow the existence of firearms within tho Stale. What part of the Constitution prevents thsir exclusion ? Concress has prohibited the introduction of ardent spirits into the Indian Territories and among Indian tribes on the reeerves. Has anybody ever doubted the constitutionality of such laws? And yet firearms and ardent spirits are undoubted articles of property. So long as the law is general and applesdrawn; let the markba made, " Thus far shalt thou existed, active or latent, ever since the first tyrant their favorite measure to want .of.pbime. They charge TORIK, Sept vll.—The Kfcg received to-day a depu- go. and no further." ..[Cheers.] Mr. GriuneU alluded it to a Democratic Senate—to a Free-trade Douglas—^to tation from the ^habitants of Umbria and the Marches. to bis absence in Europe, and to his discovery, oh re- usurped the rights of others,.and which will continue open and to skulking enemies. The Republican Houseother campaign in the cause of humanity; in the long journed. His speeches in Pennsylvania are indictableney deeply effect me, but car not make me vain, for myonly merit has been to have <mtirefaith in Divine pro- -words to express my sentiments on this occasion, in last century, certain dreamers of dream* in England for that would violate ,the principles of Repub- isted, they inferred the power from t&e right to acquire in slaves, most conclusively proves the contrary, -Ittectionaswellasmthepatrjjotiamandgoodsenseof respecttothemomentousquestionsofthehour,it andFrancehavepromulgatedthatdoctrine. Butnei- licanism. He/mustselect'•aportionofhisCabi-andown. In1828,ChiefJusticeMarshallsaid(1 doesnotsayif"apieceofpropertyescapes,"etc;hit the Frenchjieople. would be alike absurd for me to attempt, and for ther England nor France baa, by a single enactment, net and many of his office-holders from the South'. Peters, 542), speaking of the Territories, " they do if a "person" escapes,etc. jlf the duty to returnis useful and noble, cannot relax now that circum- stances are more favorable, and that tranquillity is the wish of every one.**•If some envious nrormu reach our ears from afar, let us net be disturbed b; them, for they will break against our indifference h e the waves of the ocean against our coasts."Let us, therefore, labor rith all our might to devel- op the resources of our coi ltry; the works of peace have crowns as noble in myl eyes as laurels" In my dreams for tbje future prosperity and grandeur of France. Marseilles naturally holds a large placs, not only from tiie energy and intelligence Of its inhabitants, but fromlf its geographical position. Being near the raval port of Toulon, it appears to rep-ii resent "on those shores the genius of Frrnce holding the **ohve-braach in one hand, while touching its sword at' itsside. , . *'Let the Phocian city reign in peace over this sea, ' Jby the mild influence of jjcommerce; let her civilizeable and equally valued North and South. [Ap- quired;) and when the foreign article rises and no pro- ern Bellmen outlaw themselves from the sympathy respecting the Territory or other property belonging toplause.] Some of you are familiar with the con- tection \ik -needed, raises the rate of duty preoisely in ar-d the patronage of the Republican Administration? the United States." iT The right to govern may be ta»spicuous and herculean efforts during this year to con- fropbitioh as the necessity for protection ia diminished, The Republicans in the last session of Congress showed inevitable consequence of the right to acquire Terri-vert tiie wholesale dry goods business. Gentlemen, I t is matter of history that this absurd law was framed their freedom from sectional or party bigotry by giving tory. Whichever may be the source whence thebeg pardon for introducing this -subject: [Cheers.] under British counsels, and carried through Congress two of their best offices to men outside the party—to power is derived, the possession of it is unquestioned."But dry goods have bf en so persistently mixed up with by British gold. an Anti-Lecompton Democrat and to a South Amer- Judge Taney eays u if the United States could ac-politics tins last year that I have been unable |o refuse Let us for a moment inquire what would be the effect ican. They were elected solely for their merits, with- quire and own the Territories it follows as an irresist-the invitation 01 the Chairman to make a speech. I of free-trade on the relative interests of nations. out pledge or condition. There has been no reason to ible conclusion that they alone could govern them."hope you will excuse me, under all the circumstances. If that' should happen, which. has never yet been, regret;the confidence reposed in them. 'Why should One would think that these authorities, and this ex-I was speaking of what some of you have observed— and which in my judgment never will be—if all na- not the whole Opposition in the North support Lincoln, ceedingly plain language, left nothing doubtful on thisthese efforts to convert the wholesale dry goods busi- tions should become perfectly equal in wealth, in me- in the South Beii ? A conjunction between.the Bell point, and ehut the door against argument. My ex-ness into a great national, sectional power; and some chanical and manufacturing skill, in the facilities of men and the Democrats is forbidden by nature and cuse for troubling you on tiiis point any further is be-of you, who are equally familiar *with the transportation, and in commercial and navigating ad- against all decencyi Let all who aire really oppoesd to caueea very small lawyer has denied these propositions, States, all title viould be gone, and would be now, ifmore stealihy, underhand efforts to accomplishthe same result, may potsibly at first thought supposethat one in my ciriuinstances might well be enforced toa great reserve here, and that business considerations taxation. That alone is free trade.Democratic corruption work together. If, not in the claimed the powBr for popular squatters, ana raised avantagea; it might be just and equal for every nation to abolish its duties, shut up its Co atom-Houses, and raise the expenses of Government by direct internalsame field, let us say in the fraternal language ofAbraham to his brother Lot, when about to part: " L e t .found there in any .other way than as fugitives. H voluntarily taken or sent there, what becomes of the Jndges idea of property? As no article of property requires a constitutional provision to protect it,,aud> aaDemocracy, yet they deny the power to prohibit and slaves do require it, it follows as an irresiftible-conclu-might silence me. But, Sir, I throw all such consider- But as the world now is, it is very clear that such a both." ations to the winds'. [Applause.] After what has hap- system would leave every nation for ages to come, inpened, and in view of what has been done, and is being manufacturing and commercial advantages, just where done, if there be. anything in my sentiments really of- it found them. .abolish SUvery. That powsr is not forbidden by the'party. There is a small class ofjtraffickingleaders-i- in the Territories, precisely as their Legislatures haveeion that slaves are not property. To assert the- con- trary is a logical absurdity. I am aware that I am combatting, not the judgment of the Court in a case before them, but their volunteer dissertations on a col- lateral point. Theee are of no binding force, but are what the lawyers call obiter dicta, which, being fairly translated, means '* the idle gamble of a Judge.'7It had been better for the reputation of this old mau hedhebeensilentuponthispoliticalquestion.Bi,order to sustain bis partisan views, and crush a persecuted jace, he was obliged to write a fake chapter in the mostimportantpartofthehistoryofhiscountry. In-- stead of brightening the charcters of the illustrious men of the Revolution, by elucidating ancl sustaining their glorious principles, he has sought to degrade them by proving that they did not mean or did not understand what they said. *To do this he has pervertedthe mean- ing of their immortal words. He contends that " all men" means less than one third part of the human race; that " people" means "white folks"; that the authors of the Declaration of Independence and of the Consti- tution, while inaugurating a new and startling epoch ia tbe science of government—an epoch of liberty and equality—were preparing* a system which denied that a whole race of God's immortal creatures had, " any rights that White men were bound to respect."These suggestions are intended for the live men of thecondemnation. ["That's good."] I have a clever established manufacturing. and commercial nations a to reach; and also a very select and respectable class to abolith Slavery unless prohibited by their own Con-neighbor; he admits socially—because he can't help it monopoly ef- those branches, affect.,younger and less who dwell where merchants "most do congregate.'' stitution. If Congress did not posseae that power, it —that the Kepul lican mercnants of New-York love the skillful nations ? It is evident that* it would keep them They tremble when Slavery frowns. ' They dread the follows that, within the broad limits of our Territories, Union as wejl, and as loyal to it as he, and those who perpetually in the condition of producing nations, black list, and fear the loss of the sale of bales of goods. there is no power on earth that can do it—a proposition a<?reewithhimare.HefurthsrmorSconcedesthatthe whosejrawmaterialmustbetransportedtoforeignTheyarethemenwhogetUpunion-savingmeetings ashorribleasitisabsurd. •Ifepubliean. merchants of New-York, with, .perhaps, factories and Wrought into fabrics by foreign hands; when the South blusters. Ii they knew how little How did the Fa.hera of the Revolution and the the exception of one in a hundred, will be as readv at and then returned, increased tenfold in price, and sold credit they get for it from their Southern masters, they framers of the Constitution treat this matter? As anytimeofneedtoshouldertheirgansandmarchto tothesamepeoplethatfurnishedtherawmaterials. Wouldnotfeelflattered. Whentoappeasethemsome earlyas1784,undertheConfederation,aplanwassub- the defense of any citizen whose rights are in- . The surplus labor of the producing nation would re- Northern doughface-in Congress points to these indica- mitted to Congress for the government of the Terri- vaded, as he and his Democratic friends; and yet my main unemployed, as ours now-is, their work having tions of loyalty, they sneer at them. They doubt their tories. Among its provisions Was one prohibiting neighbor boldly advances the doctrine that a Southern been done in foreign workshops. The poor man, sincerity and their power. In this they certainly dobarbarian nations by the increase of her relations; let fensive, I make it a point of fact to expose them for How would this system, which Would give to old Hunt, Brooks and Fuller—whom they are not expected in the States. All State Legislatures have the powerher tighten the bonds of civilized countries; let her in- vite the people of Europe tfo come and graip her hand on the poetic shores of this ijea, and drown in the depth of its waters t i e jealous faults of another age; and lastly;letMarEeillesalwaysshowherself,asInowsee. her, equal to the destinies of France, and one of my most ardent wishes will be accomplished.• 1"IgiveatoasttotheprosperityofthecityofMar- seilles." IARMY AND NAVYINTELLIGENCE.merchantpmfuldnot trade with a Republican New- Slavery. It received the votes of a majority of the York merchant. He expects that by that doctiine he whose labor is his capital, is thus deprived of earniug them great wrong. Have they not smote the ground States, but not the two-thirds necessary to make it law.The Saginaw, side-whwl gunboat, built at Mare is to strengthen the bonds of this Union, and no doubt ah honeBt living for himself and family. -Island, California, and now in China, is a perfect fail- buildup his business. Now I respect my neighbor- Reason teaches what the history ?of the world cor-nine times with their foreheads in token of submission 1 In 1787, however, the ordinance was passed. ItHre. Her gurs cannot be fired without risking theopt of twenty who adopt it and practice upon it. Note . liahmehts at home, cur market is thousands of miles earnest when for two hours thev shouted with onepacities of the Golden Stat 5. So much for our first that; put it in your pocket-books; make a memorandum away in Europe. The cost of carriage keeps our farm- gunboats. of it. But 1 was to give some reasons for my vote. ers poor, unless iu very favorable localities. The his-ThisbeingtheseasonofIns year at whish vessels If Ilivetothe6thof November,Ishnllvotefor Abra- toryotourowncountryillustrateBallthis. Wnenever ham Lincoln. [Applause]. I shall vote for him be- we have had a protective tariff, as in 1828 and 184c2,voice, " Great is Dmna of the Epnesians.''They also undervalue the standing of these profes- sionalUnioE-Bavers. Some of them have held high •whose term of service has Sxpired are withdrawn from cause he is an able and au honest man. [Cheers]. the whole country has flourished. When protection places of public truet.' Some have been swift racers foreign stations, we appendlat list of those already or That is conceded everywhere. No mau is bold enough has been withdrawn, the specie has left us and distress on the political course. To be sure, being now let about to be detached: Steamer Brooklyn, frigate to deny it. •On -the other hand, it is, in like manner, followed. OurWestern Stateshave had the advantage down in the Binews; ring-boned, and Bpaviaed, theyWhile they denounced the doctrine of the "divine right of kiegs," sustained by Jeffries and the corrupt and servile judges and bishops of the days of Charles and James, he makes them atsert a doctrine still more infamous, " the divine right of color."Sabine; corvettes Savannahland Preble of the. home everywhere conceded that the party in power are of a market to emigrantsgoing to California and other have been withdrawn from the turf.rotten, and reeking with corruption. No honest, intelli- Western regions. This market cannot long continue. Being of no gender, cool, passionless, and mostlysquadron; corvette Harionjof the African squadron; gent man can deny thai. Sir, the .case is settled. How onwise not to prepare manufacturing towns in busied with mercenary pursuits, they claim to be safebrigs Bwnbridge and Dolphin of the Brazil squadron. The evidence is in, the argument is closed, the verdict their own vicidWy to consume their produce, instead of guardians of the Union, for the same reason that eu-This unfortunate man has well earned his commis- sion to ait as Chief on tbe bench of atrocious Judges. Sa-cggs-ouUawed the Catholics; Jeffries the Presby- terians; Taney a whole continent. He has attained a bight which none hereafter may hope, to exceed. IfEach ofthese will require, on an average, $10,000 to is made, and it will be proclaimed in tones of thunder, sending it abroad; There are large manufacturing es- nuchs are intrusted with the harem. Do tbe honestany one should be seized with a morbid ambition, like the incendiary of Ephesus, to become first on the roll of judiciary infamy, let him ponder well be-on the 6th of November. Again, I advocate the elec- tablishments still surviving in all our Eastern and Mid- men of the Bell parfy know to what condition their pay off the crew, and as. ntval sailors never re^nlist tion of Abraham Lincoln, because I believe, sincerely dle States that consume a large, portion of our surplus If aderB are striving to reduce them ? They treat them**while there"s a shot in thelocker," $280,000 are dee- believe, that he will administer the Government hon- wheat. The small State of Massachusetts purchases like Hessians, who were sold by the head to King tined to be l>eatowed on land sharks between Ahis and estly, fairhfully, and with entire fidelity to his oath and j more of the grain of the Middle and Western States George to fight his battles against the republicans ofthe Constitution of the country. I advocate it, because1 than is Bant to all Europe. W e send but about one/ America.it is only by his election, at this juncture, that the greatmass of Northern men who vote the- Republican, fifrh of our wheat abroad. If our manufacturing, iron Those leaders have Swiss instincts. They care not, ticket can be vindicated to a portion of Southern men and coal establishments are suffered to be broken down, on which Bide they fight. In New-York they sell themNovember.—Anadveitisement appealed in THE TRIBUNE of who through misrepresentations now disgust then?.1 what would become of the balance of the grain which to Douglas; in New-Jersey to Breckinridge; in Penn-September 22 reflecting on Hr. John W. Brice. We [Applause.] I will detain you with but one more rea- they now consume. Wheat and corn would hardly be'real men of the party will follow these mercenary; then President, and squatter sovereignty had found no to " make all needful rules and regulations," or from 1have no a<xro&intance with Mr. Brica and know noth-son. I advocate Abraham Lincoln's election, and oallworth raising, even in the Atlantic States. In the Western States it would not pay the price of the labor.leaders. They will finally arrange' themsslveB uader demagogues to contest the j urisdiction of Congress. the right of acquisition and ownership, either is equallying detrimental to his staq iiug, and very much regret upon every one of you here to vote for him and workthat the advertisement apj eared. Had the attention for him, for another reason, which, in my judgment, Hence it is that our Western States being mainly pro-the banner of Lincoln and Liberty; Lincolu and Pro- When Missouri sought to be admitted as a State, fatal to Popular Sovereignty. H it be expressly given,tection—the only banner on which 1B inscribed " Pro- Congress granted the request coupled with' the condi-; no argument can make it plainer. If' it foliowatowers above all the rest,: and which demands the care- ducers are poor, as the scarcity of money'proves. Li-4 of the proprietors of T H E TRIBUNE been called to the dividualB may be rich in fertile lauds, but the test of iul consideration of every good citizen, s It w becausematter, it of course would not have been published. be is'- the only man who can be elected by the poopie. wealth—surplus cash—is not to be found among them. The advertisement was received in the hurry of busi It is to avoid the terrible and unlmaignable conseqaen- Just so with the Southern States. They are and evertection to the poor man's labor, andilie rich man's cap-; tion that slavery should never exist in any part of the; from theright of absoluteownership, it seems eqnaByand let New-York merchaats remember this^to extend with each ether's pasrionj and being withal strong the unhealthy excitements of eh^uon-day-mevftably to extend them from the 6th of November to the 4th of March;itiatoopenalltheflood-gatesandsluicesof bribery and corruption, hnd to pourJheir livid sooroh- ing streams into the Halls of our National Congress. I t l s t o revive the fearful excitement which raged lastLet us now see which of the oandidateB are inof that [pernicious Bystem which depresses the price of as the office- of President-is higher ^and more agricultural produce; destroys our manufactories; breaksdownour iron-works; throws laborers out of employment, and brings Buffering,'if not starvation onWinter during the election of Speaker, to inten- sify and aggravate that excitement by as muchIf I venture suggestions, I trust it will not be thought**<• '••'favorFrom 1784 to ISM a well defined doctrine waa^es- Your have heard ominous threata from the Democracy.' would Willingly have granted. Douglas himself had tablished, giving that power to Congress o n l y ^ * :•rap*•**,: *•^jposctffb^ktentf tbef 0>a»pVob^fine tyf>*£?^ REPUBLICAN CENTRAL CAMPAIGN CLUB. no*h>rmist; I uave»faith in my countrymen. Ido not eiiffer foir Slavery. That'platform declares in favor, 'hbweverVm'ade'the'TcneifS'of a few old women in. pan- •ocean; thus surrendering most of California to tHftyeff*I e expended by the' next Administration.Sir, I am Cinoinnati platfbrm'with some W it bbetrnct .the inauguration.—an idle threat which.has,the Constitution as it was established oytne blood and do discredit to any other man, pretends to be in favor fix, andthat they have always considered it a very resr favor of Slaveiy.' His sedition resolution last session,suffering of lb© noblest men that God ever made. Whyi in Massachusetts, New-York, and Pennsylvania, he Iutibn, and by Jefferson. > V ' meanest aingings that ever diigraced a sycophant. SIMEON DRAPER, esq.,.called the meeting io^ order, then, talk of disunion. An eloquent orator- bas said,' attempted to lay the failure of thejTariff bill on want Had the South not known his character and restoredFEIXOW-CITIZENS; I should do great injustice to myeelf and show a degree of ingratitude to you, were I not to thank you for this unanimous expression ia calling me to the chair this evening. I come here, gentlemen, for the 'first time for. nearly three years eince I have bad the. pleasure of participating with my friends in a public demonstration in favor of the princi-; He will lend the influence and uower of his place tofoster and protect our national industry. Will you trust the accursed hand that struck downti Pennsylvania required a revision' of the tariff, but it" was prevented by want of time-fthe Slavery discus^"sion occupied it all." This effronteiry and duplicityis chaiacteristic df the whole life of this political demargogue. He is just as hostile to Iprotection now as to thwart his recommendations by hostile^official re- all the troubles'of Kaujas. even the mischief wroughtNext Winter he will be found voting against it.- This is allsheer hypecriey. , .'.|He is an earnest Anti-Slavery man; and I dare say Senate on the 11th of May. Congress did not adjourn that/»some of the' compromisee of the Constitittion until the 25th of June. The Senajte -had nearly two (which were expected to be tsmporary) are repugnant menths to pass a bill protecting Pennsylvania and all to his feelings; but while that Constitution lasts he other American interests—a bill ^aiefully considered will treat it as the highest law known to him in his and well, digested. When it was taken up in the Senatej executive duties. And he w i l take care that it shallThe House of Pvepreeentatives septa tariff bill to theMr. Douglas was never found in hik seat. It wa3 firstlast while he Is in power, unless it be changed in a constitutional way. No disunionists will'heallowed treasonably to reeist it and escape the gallows..there be no strife between me and theie: go thou to thesouth, we to the north;, there is room enough -for [ late for the Territories is conceded bygone wing of theIf they have not eat sufficient dirt, let the required quantity be prescribe'd, and you may be sure they will forthwith set about it. They have held mournful Con- ventions, passed resolutions censuring those who spoke for Freedom; deplored the sins of others, begged: for- giveness, and implored the South to buy their goods. Sincere! never were the artisans at Ephesus, who made gain by selling silver shrines of the goddess, more inital." " KiHe will take care not to suffer his Administration to the MisBouri Compromise ? To that fatal measure'is be disgraced by allowing any member of his Cabinet to be traced all the subsequent agitation df Slavery-He will resist the extension of Slavery into any Territory now free. - * snoisy and somewhat nnmertrus party on that basis. But, although the general right of ^Congress to legis-Constitution; arid Congress has a'l legislative powerinvoked curses on the hand that would disturb it. Now,the end of sixty years ft is mortifyio$-it ^ 1 > ^ S to see this work of the tall men ot the $****&$• struckdown by demsgoguwof four feeklQ"*:. * P SiCorgressthepowertolegislateSlaveryoutottae. Territories. • • - - .,•-".. t ^ ^ J•&f• -I, •• v • -.^ — ^ j: ,.'.. ....)•,•>,-......Untitled Documentl•- aiai^ikauaMaffi^tfMBiiaBSa • •tri>i'itf(Hlri'tfThomas M. Tryniski 309 South 4th Street Fulton New York 13069www.fultonhistory.comttmmJtmi^m00»' • *• • KK-V P««n^AA«ej «*M»»o*»»w»tw>n._-a^ai^aKfgthat I am pretending to knowledge hot Open to alL • If and thenan.unprincipled Northern demagogue, wish-; think it is easy to predictsome things,tiiat will not hap- tog.'.to gain favor with the imperiouB Itouth, would;pen. . . '.,;;:•..]., . -,.L..;v.x ;:..'.\,-.:/':.,„... v *°$*$£la^tension. But it met withllttle favor,•'•••• thus moles—blind mwesrrTOdermiaeiaUSi —«fc.it«-^ •**-. _L ZLU+A. _ JLJU 