 >This city w a s probably more prejudiced against theRepublicanpartythananyotherportionoftheState;and yet I findthata great portion of the active workingmen in the Republican*party now, supported Fillmore fress, and the decree of the Supreme Court 7 Indeed,the Temperance Reform here. Quite a number o f r u -—The Rome (Ga.) Gazette h a s a paragraph which is perfectly refulgent with the apirit of political free-•-.Lord Palmerston also refer ed in disparaging termsto the Suez Canal scheme, a L crge number of shares inwhich had been taken by t i e Pasha of Egypt, andstated that the French Goven ment have declared that and the steamers Hartford and Saginaw were atLXadvance in nearly all the American Railway Security. N e w - York Centra] shares are quoted at 81©83; do. 7s, 98i©96: do. 6s, 88;IllinoisOntraishares17discount;do.7s.90;Erie,third mcrtgvge, 83-®?5; Pennsylvania Central Gsj first mortgage, 90: Michigan Central shares 58©62.. LIVERPOOL COTTON MARKET.—The sales of Cotfon tto-daywere10,000bale»,.including 2,000 on ((peculationandforexport The market cloted quiet, but steady. , . STATEOFTRADE.—NothingdonemtheManchestermarket since the departure of the America.LIVERPOOL BREADSTUFFS MARKET.—The-weatherban yourself, down to a later period than that, to con-, ers (including Mr. Calhoun himself) in their Cabinets— abolish but to preserve. Where Slavery exists, w emiles o u t a n d four back—reachiHg tween 12 and 1 o'clock."Weatchejterb e -. . .PRANCi.The Emperor had made a speech at Lyons in re- tions of American. Linseed Oil in good demand at 30/©30/6. that the late American Convention was no guide to pointarenot altogether erroneous. I cannothope, ina' place, were here in all their splendor, and the brass."Wood, and Cagger & Co. of Albany hired the roWdies,.ihe;nselvesupwithconfidencev>worksofpeace. He -©32/. IKO.Vsteadyat£55/-S)Jt510/ forrailsandbars. SUGAK whomostlywereadmittedasdelegatesatSchenectady. excludeSlaveryfromtheTerritories.- The'Ordinancel>NEW-YORK DAILY TRIBUNE, THURSDAY skl'TKMBFlt 6, 1*60.FROM EUROPE.Arrival «f the Prince Albert and America. ;passengersforMessina,wasseizedbythepassengers jMmCAt 1-•'Districtof.Columbia,withoutthe^oonsent..at..the- •i Slaveholding States.'' ^ ^ Z ^ t t ^ t h efused bis signature to laws abolisbn^Slaveryin the Territories,and nowherewasitmore^iereputa^,orofDemocraticmembera,forthepurpose,„besupposed,(but as yon and I know better) merely to entail theodium' and responsibility upon the Republictm party.Iwill notnold youresponsible for so generousan•'-••.Ourreaders, respondent, tionofourgiofl ft wer*jipoe8*b4 it cocudbe,« United;$iogddone it; iiod < farmers. memory of ma experienced, je gle d*y pep° .dmuch at a dimarks:£<< At tbe pr* are enurtaix**:'!-cannot he deni the weather ha crop. The aco aging, ae lax? tallageareailt mops, though q.' lodging* fust. j the after noon o las the wind ehi jfcuratfOrth'for tako fine but <k« |of Wednesdav, BtornHf thkt l-v]to b e fully xm6» went round to £ Without ceasing day morning. cannot b e e«tim can learn, it v,a •rsfell hi the'' shine appeared another w e t that the nev bring,fifte we aLfro d«etined lookedasLowe tune Within the sunny weather.Toutty to be ho jainatioo o f thl accompanied 13 during hurt nij^s tion of a cimnscountry are otis generally k>o . few mconwdera remasiirVerf^the violrnce o f in the calamity crops. Little >2 conditio* o f w* tattoos only ars the deepest cone giveaaprjze.6f! sack of grainto form tome i*i-a weather when I has applied for potato crop\ the weather coutinu beloat."Let thingsgo result at Cbicagi dnced one-half, 11 he necessary f< deducting the st fceen e*rtimate<i i in fact it Was no three weeks ago. this country, an< interested in an*: lyso. Tbe larg finding marketsi Chicago, ifc*w2!l tions, and we th he experience<l a tendency to man foreign demand: from'one kingdo: foretefian imposcm wheat is no* per bushel, acccr foreign steamer I ing the crops, thi to $1 20.. The| J naturally preven ketsof any desirtteremostbe a 1 Hailroada far in the foreign rrtet print in the comi wiU.be looked t oA letter from- and dated August of the crops in t our cotreepondei harvest has not!feared that tl.e damaged the wjie average yield ]of bafchelJe o n ail|» 50. lTiere,wi51 perhaps in the c o have a great gro- all these wilic-jfc drouth, whichl e 1859, a n d Ifttlje germmating, arid Siree-quarterciroA more extcn. is presented in t l " I bare beenitl crops of wheat aqditsing. tiiou«.h *ou!6 yield will b« go*J.J. signs of dec.T ar^fr droutb, «BdUie,qua. cULo,iui*iied The j it the State is'.ffair; ¥v the rallt«ieyr ot Chaijjponce of thedroothj a :cbUged to pastureltwas not worth mow fortunate if they *» than this aVerage .f) Cuts fiftr toDS saved attacked t h e grain, Invwie ixutauce t h i ahorttinie,"^Li Brid trrvrr greeo tMn*- lo&dlng the treee t i l Middlebory at*2i'i lti^her. Sheep o^d IntorB lively. The t heavy rains of the'Is• Fall feed. Buttet;*. Ourrecentreqin place o f mer^ rtspectiye connti Postmaster in Da Charlee Watao.n < 33 acres, 310 bus ference.to be obse fields in this vicin will yielo 30-buab and 40 bushels an he thinks that pei theless, whilewb yield their 100,has resided,in D.ii & field that will a' one on tb'e end ofOne of our frit during thto seven hehasneveree*c Ixtter <roaHty. 1of crop* o f 40 bui county will aver bushele. There \ fortunately the pr could be cVeired. aown, as tbe othti Tbe Iowa farmers are*ntki|*i'iDg>KA Whcousin u eetimate of the >r: on Farms, eayi? h than26bushels\*i over 30 than lew, s 30to35andSOnoticed was44 30 to 50'hnshela \ better yield thac State...ithinkth bushelslor the S faQbelow the tutNebraskahass iteeems* Saysa" *h« 8prf.a«; or* crop, A sevezt? i*\ atroyedalltttevn which passed thx.ou t h e nofth-^ixx-or:: ,.9 June,wehavenotJb (aoa Uosp, with exitHPOIKD millKITIKI BYlUSTRli.mmi WARPREPARATIONSBYFRANCE. TheinvasionofCalabria, andcommencementoftheviDe, N. Y . ThreVcompanics were there, from Littfe Utica, Belgium, and Baldwinsville. Addresses were made by the HornA.H<Hovey, D. C. Greenfield, CoL I . T . Minard, and others.. .—The Hon. James O ; Putnam is to speak ia Rxsl,- ester on Friday evening... • • $ .—On Monday evening there was a Republican meet-ing at Hingham, Mass., the place where John A. An*drew, the candidate for. Governor, resides. H e thenmade his firrt.spcech since his nomioation; h e enteredfuDy into a discussion of the local topica, iadkfated hiacourse ifelected, andpredictedthetriumph oftheparty. O f the Union o f the States he said:" We shall have still, as we have [had in tbe past,aU the conflicts o f parties; butwe.abaU perpetuate^ we,andourfathersbeforeushavedoneth»Govern- ment, because w e believe in the principles npoa which* it is founded. N o mere political organiaatkto, ione of the chances o f politics, none o f the prophecies o f wise) men can save a State, preserve a people, or perpetuate liberty; it ia the intelligent virtue orthe mats-of the men and mass of women, the intelligent faith in thafundamental truths on which society is based, upon 'which her free institutions must forever*stand. I car©, not if you sweep aWay every Republican, technicallyso called, from Massachusetts; I will trust to the Befi^ and Everett party to save tbe State. Sweep them away, and I will trust the Democracy accordmg.to- Douglas, t o save Massachusetts. Sypeep them-off. too, and the Breckinridge men of Massachusetts will najf thel&agtothe mast, andif the old|ship g»efl-downv their forms will fall with it, beneath or above. A n a, the indignation felt at the repeal o f the Missouri Com-promise, had Mr. Pierce's promise to make the Terri-torial Governments/airandimpartial been kept,while the result would not have been different, shoulder to shoulder, and will w in a victory at the citizens of Massachusetts, to take up the parable and the country would have acquiesced in the ballot-boxthat shall reflect creditonthesonsofsires preservethe institutionsofourfathers. I teU you,TOE BMPEEOR STHX PACIFIC l^itloaal SBMMMS ty GarilaldiTHE A M Y OF NAELB8 JOTJIKBCIB 3.GenoaforSicily. J; \ campaign by Garibaldi, is fuBy confirmed.The town of Reggio had been attacked and taken by Garibaldi.PourthousandCalabrianinsurgent? hadjoinedthe Garibaldians. ,The royal intendant of Potenza was a t the head o f the insurrection in the province of Baalicata.ThechiefsoftheNationalGuardofNapleshad ten- dered their resignations, in consequence of the foreign battalion not being disbanded. .In quest of which he\son doth roam ?Is it in thy forestej Maine! Whewla it in New-Hamp£dnie--whexeO'ergranitehillafloatshracingair1 In Vermont is it, where are seenThe mountains clad in evergreen 1In Massachusetts' thigli and dry land 7 Ctonnecticnt?orweeRhodeIsland?. Say, where is Stephen's mothet's home, , In quest of which her son doth roam ? -If not in Yankee land, can heThe long'd-for spojb in New-York see ? ' OrfinditinthelandofPenn,Southern slaveholder, because he saw and ta*ftof « £laws of population would excludeTenitoi&L was deserted, if notWebster, for thinking and uttermg thelaws of God would keep Slavery out of New-Mexico,, lost what Utile favor he had gained at the Southv W iel^S. Dickinson, with all hw subserviency of pwgwnonof actsfor whicb it is not responsibfe, and that with- out a n utterance against t h e open, shameless, a n d everywhere conceded profligacy of the Federal Gov-6 I concede tbat I am acting with old political op- ponents or they with me, no matter which. W e both now profess the same opinions with Washington a n dftfciiiiaWitolater tic Cit) Without Bloodshed. : The latest dispatches only extend to the 21st, and Pi saythatageneralbattlebetweentheGiribaldiansandJudge Douglas, after " laying amthless hand on the Missouri Compromise, under the lead of .a-Southern Senator,andthrongbSoutherninstigation,simplybe- cause the effect expected was not produced by that ac- tion,isdoomedtopoliticaldestruction. . . .son and Taylor. They were all non-extensionists of Slavery, and Union men. O n t h e other/hand, with whomandforwhatareyouacting? Look overthe category, and see who are your Democrats, and where.is their Democracy. But that, after all, has very little to do with the argument in hand. Men may change, but not principles. I wish I could see that you are changed any less in principle than in personal associa- tion, or that you had a good reason for your change of•JJUIETUDE IN SYRIA.BSFSStt AND 1USTE A RECONCILED.•« reat Military !W©v€mentstoy Russia BBEADSTXJF;?S XHJ&U•ST. JOBR'S,N.P.,Weinosday,Sept.5,1S60. irbe steamship Prince Allert, from QalwayAug.28Jarrrvtdhereatnoonto-daj.ITbe sioamshrp America, fro n Ltoersool Aug. 25, via<J»eex»ftowu 26th uh., pawed (Cape Race at 3 o'clock etej Tuesday afternoon, and -will be due at HalifaxNeapolitanswasthenimminent.A meeting of sympathizers with Garibaldi had beenheld in London., • .- AUSTRIA.The Emperor of Austria: and King of Wurt^mburg were about to have an interview.The reconciliation of Austria and-Russi i i«8aid to have been fully acwmplished..*'•/—AUSTRIA AND PRUSSIA.:JLe Nvrd reiterates its account o f t h e arrangements atTeplitz,notwithstandingtheoflicial denial, andLe Nerd's statement obtained credence in Paris, where thesimultaneouspresenceof-theFrenchEmbassadors to Vienna and Berlin led to rumors o f something., im-portant relative to the relations of Prance and Ger-On mountain-bideJin dale, or glen? Can it lie hidden any whereAmong the hogs of Delaware?. In Maryland (wedg'd in between •The North and South), may it be' seen7Although Judge Douglas,to propitiate the South, HasdeclaredSaat "underthiadoctrme (of Squatter Sove-reignty) they have converted a tract of tree territoryinto slave territory five timesae large as the State ofNew-York," I do not believe the South are togainnor sentiments; then I wouid.be most happy still to count the North lose anything by the repeal of the Missourimany. ', ,;. . «mThursdaymorning. She\*/a*boardedbythenews' TheconstitutionaljournalscontinuetodisputeLepopular Pierce after t i ewho met in the old Van Kleeck House in Poughkeepsie in 1775, and signed the pledge to sustain the ContinentalSirs, tha* although I blieve in the principles of the Re- publican party as the only sound political faith o f to>! day, although I believe that the Republican organizaV1--yacht of the Press, and a aimmary of her news ob- tained. She hae 146 paeeengt rs."SThe Bteamehip A*ia arrived at Liverpool on the 26th. steamship Australasia! i arrived at Queenstown|th*26tfc "j ",Nai-d't statement, and a Berlin telegraph says the re- alization of the affiance between Austria and Prussia entirely' depends, o n the'.political reforms effected i n Austria.SYRIA.• All was qniet in Syria. Fuad Pasha-had completely•quieted the people.RUSSIA. > It is asserted, from a semi-official source, that Russia was certainly concentrating fresh troops in Bessarabia,Congress .and the Provincial Assembly. The Pough- tion i s the only, one' adapted t o meet the exigencies o fsteamship Great Eatrfcrn en a t 6£p. m . o f the 26th.rteamebip Canadian, Jrom ynderry ©a the 28th.arrived a t Milford Quebec, arrived a t/'until the whole North was impelled to set at defiancethe Federal Government, and protect their fellow-citizens in Kansas, that the peaceable inhabitants ofthe Territory had security either for their livesvtheirliberty, or their property. Even in Nebraska, activeandenterprising menarereceivingconstantac- tiesofwhateverhonoritmaypleaseProvidencetobe- at a more recent day, a federal Governor has nullified cessions t o their numbers. T h e other day the Ger-GREAT BRITAIN.the House of Commons on the 25thr, Lord Pahn-acknewledged the services rendered the Chris- in Syria b y Abd-el Ktder , and said the British; had been instructed ;o tender to him the thanks «4Jthe British Government.Lord Palmerston also said h e Government had n o hdormat ion relative to the in entfon o f Prance t o es- taohVb a fortion t h e Lake o f Geneva, a n d explained the poehion of the Savoy question, the ceesion havingasjt yet "teen recognized b y Ei trope. \aPsrnam«-nt virtually conclu k d i t s labor for the ses-afea, by adjourningtiQQthe 28i h, when the prorogation taken place.jft. Martin's Varned.-and increasing her naval forces in the Mediterranean*publican Club here embraces' four hundaed members, and the people/flock to their meetingsjlike guests to a—A member of a Wide-Awake Club while returning- from the great Indianopolis Mass Meeting last' week, was accidentally killed on the railroad, and his funeral took place a t Richmond, Ind., on t h e 31st o f Aagaet, of which a correspondent writes a s follows:Music• M r . Lindsay, member o fLondon,h a dbeenohlaw,hassuspendedhisschool,andtakenthestump H for Freedom. T h e Hon. J . Thompson, ex-member o fHall, inParliament, had been an-"stitution"—holding "thatslavesareproperty, tobe " carried into and held in the Territories the same as%likerized toproceedto Washilgtm andlay beforethe American Government the v e w s o f the British Gov- armnent relative to the nai igation laws, belligerent ingot, & c , and to enter into i egotiations for the open*.Is it in'the frozen North?. .. . ••'.,' le it in the sunnySouth 7•' .Congress,isharneeedforthe campaign.. BenjaminJ." restriction imposed by the Federal Constitution on. throws the weight of his influence intoithe scale of Re- the Hall. The funeral procession had to take the gut-' of the coasting trado, & c 8th of September.Xgrd Palmerston h a d statedjsvena that a British subject 1ad been wrongfully iro-jprieoned in Paraguay; and, pending the payment of the •empensation demanded, rehtiona between the two aevntries continue interruptedwe left them." !—The Chicago Evening Journal of Saturday saySJ " Not less than thirty thousand people were in a t - dred times[presented in a clearer and fuller form than next'November. . I tendance at the dedication of the Republican wigwam I could possibly present it, and that conveniently ac- There,are about 200 Breckinridge men in Dutchess, at Peoria yesterday. Speeches were made by Messrs.cessible to the public; but I should, nevertheless, have all told; and, should they finally fuse "with the Softs, Loveioy, Knox, Brentana, KelloggJ and others. A been happy to near from an able representative man, the coalition will hot strengthen the Douglas Democ- torchlight procession, numbering several thousand likelyour8elf, a rehearsal of the ideas'by which, you racy. Th« friend8 of freedom and humanity may rest Wide-Awakes. marched tdirou^h thVcity at night. T h e would justify your departure from the "old paths"of assured that the bone- and sinew of the people herea- enthusiasm w a s intense. A t Woodstock, yesterday, the party. I labored hard, with the result reversed, to bouts are true to lil>eriy—as the river to th« sea, as the the crowd which assembled to meet Caserne M . Clay. come to the same conclusion, and would therefore dare £teel to the star. No „true; man on the banks of the was estimated at 12,060. M r. Clay spoke an hour audiway have'nothing to do with the scheme. • The House was counted out for want of the requisitefsrty members.Is the Commons, on the 251h, Lord Palmerston saidtoe Government had no oflicit 1 information relative t o •aslandingofGaribaldiinCalabria,buthadreceived a telegraph confirming the fact-He alio said there wasno truthinthestatement thai Austria had threatened to support Naples. Shesion, a n d were addressed b y Lieutenant-Governor Noble of Wisconsin.—We learn from Albany that Mr. Wendell ofWashington is there, trying to fix up ajfusion with thaBreckinridgers. He boasts that he ie making aplendidheadway; has plenty\>f money, a n d i s sure that t h e before the sovereignty becomes constitutionally " pop- and linked with tbe political relations of Slavery. I&. operation will be accomplished, of course Old BuckMr. Lindsay sails ontually the; end of the argument as well as of Popular Sovereignty.date of the Brooks and Cagger' clique for. Governor, though personally popular, will find Morgan's majority of 511 in this county, increased to a round thousandin the Souse o f Com-Where, in all this inazzy round,' ••' Can Stephen's mother]s home he found?(Sotto voce.) ' Stephen's mother^doesn't knowI am aware that this whole "matter has been a hun-while t h e Captain w a s ashore at Genoa. ""^kW " posedthepassengerawerefriends ofGaribftJdii The vessel waschartered under a penalty of £5,00^ aganist BeizurejandtheinferenceIsthatshewasdesignedfor• : • • ' • • .Daribaldi. •Sandmiaprohibi^B any more volunteers embarking atactions of the Slavocrats in the matter of Texas, he canvass each other's .political deportment, and of ourS S S S H all the race.will find, that to faJI theNulh- respective parties, so far as thereis a distinct responsi- fiersinasingleoneoftheirdemands,istoforfeittheir bility,butwehavenopowertocreatescapegoats.Ther Eepublican party baa:had thefrankness,candorand^n?C^m^e%ricSn *Letter,. nndertook~to+do manlinessto condemn official misconduct,athomeas a greatfavor to the South, bu*, Providence, being oni the well a s abroad, while the Democracy have the diem-otSer side, h e got no credit. Henry Clay, . J " * * * * Kenuousness to blame the Republican party on accountNotwithstanding the rains and locusts, will be the most abundant for years. •t h eharvestIn Michigan may i 't he find it,With Casss homestead squat behind it ?Clubs have been formed at Fishkili Landing, Glen- ham, Ma:teawan, Hyde Park, L a Grange, Pleasant Valley, ard Clinton, and similar institutions will soonThe Emperor of Russia gave a grand banquet in honor o f t h e Emperor o f Austria's birthday, and pro-•m Oh, where is Stephen's mother's home, • In quest of which he." son doth roam ?In Iowa 7 or must he go to Wisconsin's wilds' or Minnesota? In Kansas, or Nebraska, makeHis bootless search 7 or Utah's lake1- In California, vamly, hieO'er golden sands, i n canons dry ? Plod on, in vain, through Oregon ? Or the far distant Washington 7Say, where is Stephen's mother's homef In quest of which herson doth roam ?" The ceremony was conducted by the Wide-A wakesVa meeting at Boston, a small town uiac miles from here, the time set for them to leave here was 81 o'Ciock,|they were to form their procession on South Front tjtreet,in-posed terms.FrancisJoseph'shealthi nt h e mostfriendlyThe R. M. steamship Asia, from New-Yoxk, arrived to non-intervention, till, her o w n frontiers at Queenstown at 6 p. m. o f the 26th.SIR : Having formerly been connected with theAmerican party, and knowing a great-portion o f that succeed in "ihat invention, how are they to set a t defi- bondage. I t was among the mountains that such h e -i threatened.r. Laing said the Governs) ent had no intention to for tenders for an Australian mail service viaiewall & Co., contractors for the Red Sea Tele- ,had commenced a suit, alleging that the con- tracthadbeenperformed,torjcoverthepercentages*-*toincd during the progress of the work, and to be eewpensated for the repairs subsequently executed. Tie Company denied the execi ition of the contract.The Ausfralasian sailed in company with t h e Great Eastern for some time, and it was supposed the latter would arrive at Milford Haven at 4 p. m. of the 26th.THE LATEST—By Telegraph, to Galway. LONDON, Aug. 28,1860.Thereisnopoliticalnewsofimportance.COMMERCIAL INTELLIGENCE.LIVERPOOL COTTON MARKET, Saturday, Aug. 25.— in 1856. In the lower wards of the city almost theSal«« to-daj, 10,000 bales—the market closing steady and firm. practical application of your " Popular" theory—yield-»•-more than in the people themselves, if the Baltimore Convention, with Judge Douglas's consent, is permit- ted to enthrone the- Supreme Court and proclaim thebuth's Hill, at the time of the Revolution. In '56 and'58, Dutchess was the first county from the sea-board,tbat ga^e Republican majorities, and she will not for-INDIA AND CHINA.. T h e mails from Calcutta July 19, and Hong KongJuly 8 bad reached England.The Indian news; is unimportant."Large bodies of rebels who took refuge i a the junglenear Bhiwsward had been routed.The Calcutta produce market was quiet. Importsstagnant. Freights lower , owing t o large arrivals.Want of rain threatened the destruction of the cropfe. .-Exchange 2/0^d. . ' . ' 'Lord Elgin and Baron Gros had gone to the Gulf of 'Pecheli.. I t w a s suspected they would attempt t o rt new futile negotiations, while everytbit^ indicatedthe intention of the Chinese to fight.AH quiet a f Canton.The'rebels continued to advance towajd Shanghae..TheHongKongmarketsweredufl. Importslower. Teas lovf er, but higher and active at Poocho ?r.feit her claim to honorable distinction during the pres-immaculacy of its anuunciations. For Judge Douglas, ent contest. The Poughkeepsie Eagle, one of the oldest, stead o f doing eo they changed the time t o 8 o'clock,in his New-Orleane speech of-Dec. 6, 1858^- "accepts^ ablest, and moet influential pofitical journals in the State, the time that we bad set for Mr. Booth's funeral, so " the decision o f the Supreme Court in the Dred Scott is battling nobly and vigorously for the triumph o f t h e that Mitchell's band, w h o h a d kindly volunteeredTrade at Shanghae continued suspended for imports. Teas firm. Exchange 6a. 7$d.-a>6e.7$d.That her son is out, I trow:Or she'd teach him?not to roam,So fooliebly—in search of home IBut this, in sooth, she knows full well,She doth not in THE W H I T E HOUSE dwell:— And Stephen, had he common tact, * •(Become aware that that's a fact,) Would give the search up, in despair, Assured he'll never FIND HER THERE!The sloop-of-war John Adams was ; a t Poochow, Shanghae. •.-;MISCELLANEOUS.The America reports, 26th, at 3 p m., off Ballycot-ton Island, passed the steamer Australasian, bound t o Liverpool; 30th,lat.51°,long.25°30",at10:45a.m., passed the steamer Damascus, bound east, The Amer- ica had strong head winds nearly all the way/out.to exhibit the reasons b y which I was forced to standby the " ancient landmarks."I Will just eay here that I cannot see bowjyou getSlar 1" And then, how are. the two to one, or two was bn the mountains Moses received the Command- lousand to one thousand, as tEe case may be, to arrive ments, that forbid Slavery. It was on the mountain at a legal method of Slavery exclasion 7 Or, if they Chriet was sacrificed to redeem the races of men from,^«XIEM-._•>.*AOWyMiMwterminationtovetoany'biil-to'"aboliiulSlaverymthe actBcomplainedofwerepaseedonlybytheassistanceascterxalastieti-rcneofcivine jasticefromwhichit emanates. Itmayneverwarmthe.heart„o£J&aigen- tleman ; he niay speak of it in tones of, levity,and rid- icule; but, fortunately, a general trutfb. is* noWdaie* enedbyindividualexceptions.",," cate as an authoritative interpretation of the Con- Lincoln ticket. Prof.. Fowler, the eloquent lecturertheir services, oould not escort the corps to t h e Ceme- try,adistanceoflessthan amile,andtoaddinsultto injury, instead o f forming on Front street they formed on Main, directly iu front of the Wide Awake'e Hall* There they kept up a continual yell as w e came out of*OTTM?fc;£?^••w' , * ••STEPHEN' IN SEARCH O P HIS MOTHER,opinion of the partisan zeal of your political frienda at..•*——Oh,happiness!howfarweflee Thineowniweetpathsinsearchofthee! ..:.. 'Z -j* [MRS. HBMAXS. • Pray, Where isStephen's mother's, home, \a greater evil,than^ ^ ^ f A ^ f ^ ^ ^ theCapital,normustyouholdmeaccountable^fbrany'Mong cabins of the Old Dominion ? . Amid the barrens Carolinian? . ,La Georgia's cotton-growing land ^ , On Florida's fam'd coral Btraud ?Say, where is Stephen's mother's homef In quest of which her son doth roam ?In Alahama is it found 7 OnMississippi'squakingground? Mtut he return, with drooping jaw, Prom the wild wakes of Arkansas ?< Shall dieappointmejnt longer vex us, . In Louisiana ? or in Texas 7On wild-goose chase, say, shall he go- T o territorial Mexico 7Oh, where is Stephen's mother's home, In quest of which he' son doth roam ?. •/ InMiesourjcan't/hespyit?_In Ohio not come.nigh it 7May he not find it, fond and lucky, In Tennessee 7 or in Kentucky ?In Indiana can't he trace it ?Does n't Illinois eribrace it ?\ ;•. .restriction. It is very doubtful to my mind whether any Territorial a c t o f New-Mexico, o r even l a w o f Congress, can establish Slavery in that Territory, any more (as nas been aptly said) than it can create a slave' or make a king. T n e Supreme Court may declare to the contrary, nut, when its dicta are absurd, they will be treated, a s they have been before, as the sheerest nullities. Yet.I have no doubt that, notwithstandingpersonal friends. September 4,1860.THOMAS B . CARROLL. •Is it in Jhe foggy -East IIs it in the/far, far West? jI• ' «»subject of the domestic relations as determined by beautiful county, cradled among the hills of the Hud- would receive a blessing as we passed a wagon, telling "branch of the General Government." Thie ie vir- and liberty. The Hon. Wm. Kelley, who is the candi- we returned from the Cemetry they were just whereCamp Pattcrum-, Sept 4,1860. •i • • •jhTZ-Q.UIZ. ; NEW-YORKsquatter conflict for sovereignty 7 O r , are they to wait until they are two to one, three to two, or one hundred toseventy-five, oryettwo thousandtoonethousand,HOWTHE AMERICANS• WILL VOTE..To the Editor ef The N. Y. Tribune.and his cabinet will have to yield his point, & c—On Monday evening the Republicans o f Philadel* phiaheld another great meeting at the Wigwam. T h a Twelfth Ward Association was but hi full numbers with banners, torches, and transparencies, making aOF%,sleeplessvigilance. They seeeyetoeye,andstand'party both in the State and city, haying supported Mr. ance the indisputable dictum o f the Sapreme Court 7 Fillmore as a Clay Whig in '56, I think that I know In the first.instance, you' must' surrender all titleto what I speak when I assert that at least 80,000 out of ,and control over the Territories, and you must ignore,roes as Tell, and Bruce, a n d Ethan Allen, caught the spirit of freedom. • ,zigzag fashion, like drunken• JesseHartley, engineer an< constructor of nearly LIVERPOOL BREADSTUFKS MARKET, Aug. 24.— entirebodyatesupporting"HonestOldAbe." Inthe ing,fortheargument,the diificulties ofCongressand ings at Orange, N. J, on Friday evening,randat Lmcolnfence. Ifmarching in'that fashion ieaBUT*aB jthe Liverpool docks, was d<tad.The funds were depressed, b y t h e unfavorableMessrs. .Richardson, Spence &. Co., Wakefield, Nash. it. Co., and Eighth Ward at least one hundred members of the Vth the Judiciary. T o m y apprehension, y o u must be /Bushwick on Saturday evening.—A correspondent writes from Rancocas, Burlington County,N.J.,Sept.3,asfollows:sign o f a Black Republican^ w e had better commence to hang in this place immediately."—The -Montgomery Advertiser is still pestered with! endeavors to fix upon the precise period of Mr. Lever- ett Saltonstall'8 greatest activity i n public life. T h e whole question ia opened again by the above paper, ia the following paragraph:" A pert writer in a n Atlanta paper uridertekea t o deny Mrl Yancey's assertion that Leverett Saltonstall was a member of Congress about the time he entered that body. A glance at the record 'shewe he was a member from Massachusetts from 1839 to 1843, inclu-harveet prospects.Consols fa rther declined j th on the"Wneat firm, for best, at Tuesday's extreme prices; other kinds difficultofsale; Ked,11/®12/6TWhite.12y®13/6. Cornhasan upward tendency, with an advance of 6d. since Tuesday; •Mixed, 34/-3)84/6; Yellow, ^/6®35/; White, 36/-®39/; •Ward,I amassured byareliable andtruthfulmanthat near 800 members of their Republican Associationelse to the deep and broad position that human Slavery is purely a local affair, existing only in sovereign States by concession—guaranteed against foreign inter-34ti. Other securities sympathized; the only excep-" Our quiet, pleasant, and Friendly village was the sent. This seems to have been the view of the subject quence of the raising of a Lincoln and Hamlin polefactoring and mercantile inte rest, is being organized Brokers* Circular and others report: Ashes ->quiet, at 28/ for both Pots and Pearjta. Sugar steady, but dull. Coffee stead} . im the purpose of procuring a ]arger and better supply Rico film, with large speculative business, at an advance of 3d. -aoU ; Carolina is quoted at 23/®25/3d. Tea—There ia but small inquiry..and prices are weak. Quercitron Bark—Baltimore,party in '56 that-will support any other candidate thanLincoln. The Bell-Douglas men may urge, and keep acts o f Slavery exclasion. Y o u must acknowledge',sive."' 1ef cotton from India.on urging, but the masses have made up their mind ^some time ago, without their aid. In the State the case as above is still stronger; and I must here sayhowever, if any such thing was designed, it was neverexhibited in the • squatter form. I do not understand was succeeded b y Mr. Shedden, who spoke in a mas-—The Westchester {Pa.1 Register a&ys:" A most enthusiastic Republican meeting was held in Carpenter's Grove, Marshallton. on Wednesdayevening laet. The] meeting w a s called b y the Wide- Av#ake Club o f westehf ster, a n d w a s largely "at- tended. The Union Invincibles of Unionville,fuiider command of Capt. Collier, with thirty men, were tha first to arrive, and escorted the otherj Clubs to tha grove. Then came th e Westches!*r Wide-Awakes,ap* ase to addressee by the anth<untka. He condemned Pi»h Oils BIOWof sale at unchanged quotations; Sperm, £103© £105. Rosin firm, owing to limited supplies; oominon, 4/6. toe unjust distinst excited abroad, and .declared that Spirits Turpentine firm, with a slight advance on ftli qualities;aothingshouldmakehimde\iatefrom thepathof quotedat30/6©31/;closingat81/.moderation andjostice. His sole desire was the LONDON MARKETS.—Messrs.' Baring Brothers re- port: WHEAT buoyant, with an advance of 2©3/f>'qr. Theges &ral interest of Prance, and he urged them to give Time* ieipo. ts an advance on the Week' of4/ ^ week, th e quota- tions being 60fiZHyiI for White and 53/'®62/ for Red. FhOVK, 29/judge by. The telegraphic dispatches were writtenby short letter asthis must be, to .produce all the readily- band from the same town discoursed most excellent music. A delegation from Beverly and Moorestown .Levine, a Douglas man. Scrogga had credentials from available proof againat you, but I will remind you of were aleo with us, arid one and all met with a cordial.Iwai determined, with God's issistance,thatPrance quiet RICKactiveatfullprices,closing firm. TBAquiet at1/ 4d. for Congou. TAIXOW quiet at 51/ 3d SJ-IKITD TUKPKSTINKaaoi tid not degenerate under his dynasty. steady at 31/.T ae pacific nature of this «pesch caused an advance Linseed and Linseed Cakes 'both advanced slightly, the lattercommasding £10 15/<®£11.for New- York, and £10 5/@£10 10/Mr. Fremont's vote in 1856 w a s about 276,000, towhich now add 80 000 American votes, making 356,000votes—well, call it 340,000—which Lincoln, I think,of1787ypastheactoftheoldllepublican party,with Thomas JefferBon a t its head, and, b y its occasion andIs-finer, but still showery. Wakefield, Nash Sc. Co., and Richard- The Port of Reggio capitalatee on the21«t. Tha firm at full prices. Corn tending upward; mixed ana yellow atextremely probable, and it was hop<d Garibaldi would anter the city in triumph without b oodshed.ConflictshadtakenplacebetweentheNeapolitan areope|and sc-me BenagKeri, who landed from 8&r~ dinian vessels.Securities is unchanged. such was the prevailing and universal judgment, except nounced, a*id to the same extent against Douglas and /J^N D 0 N MO-N'EY MARKET.—Consols closed to-day with the Nolfifiers. ^MartinVan-Buren was about the Popular Sovereignty; or else, indeed, you are going(Vith)atWJ-aJDaformoneyandaccount firstleadingNorthern*manwhoyieldedtotheassump-the filends of freedom in every age. Why, Sir, it was•aBentiment'whichimpelled£hePilgrimstoencounter•foxthecrop.. RiehaidW SpenceUCtf.reportFlourdoll; Jja^&ngiieh fteamer, the Oriai from Hull with T^i^?*?*' TM k " active; Corn qniet. PROVISION* dalh.nority,Idistinctlycondemned[Mr.VanBurenforde- "TheAmericanRevolutionwas'theoffspringofarBialand, Athyafc Co. report: Flour fli'm and steady at 3ll 3>d3l. District Club are from the Council; and in the Ninth driven back to Congressional exclusion or division, ortion being American Railway JI, which . daily increased SATCKDAT, Aug. 25.—BaxADSTuirya xenerally rteady. COKN come from that body; and so it is throughout the en- ferencej but not to be extended except by common con- theater of an animated scene on the 1st inst., in conse-*B. \!orders for grain had bsen sent to America and(Black Sea.tire city."Whom the Gods wish to destroy they first makesteady. Alarge Ooyeraxnent contract for Beef and Pork Is ad- Suestionable whether w e are wiser or more patrioticbuoyant at the advance of 6d. The weather is. betterLIVERPOOL PROVISION MARKET, Aug. 24.—Bigland. Athja & Co. and others report Beef dulL Pork quiet andtaken by the founders of the Government. It is veryand flag in our midst, at which it was computed that from 1,000 to 1,200 persons were in attendance. Soul- stirrinfir speeches of an hour each were made by the Hon'. John C. Ten Eyck, our United States Senator, and the Hon.John L. N. Stratton, our able Repre- sentative t o Congref s, which elicited much applause. They were followed by Samuel A . -Dobbins, esq., member o f o u r State Legislature from this county, whose eloquent address, mingled with . wit and sar- casm, kept the multitude in the best of humor. H eterly and effective manner. The Mount Ilolly " Wide-•vertised. Bacon quiet. Lard firm at 60/"®61/. Tallow quiet at mad;'' and this appears to be the case with Brooks, lan thev were. .^he demand for money ai the Bank was rather 52/<a>52/6. Cheese firm. Cloverseed in good wpeculative in- Hunt, Duer & Co., for they appear to be left almost quiry; Eed,41/®46/. ; .••••'aeivy,-butrateswereunchaoged. SATURDAT, Aug.25.^-The PKOVI»IOXmarketisquiet,and transactions to-day unimportant. y1 am informed that you conceded at Palmyra that theearlieractionoftheGovernmentandholdingof the Courts placed you at a disadvantage upon t h e i e -.cord, though claiming in someway that the principle o f Popular Sovereignty was to be maintained even in thealone."heTime* says a company combining the maun-' LIVERPOOL PRODUCE MARKET, Aug. 24.—The sand voters in this city who belonged to the Fillmore7.'3'a7/«>d. »Linseed unsettled, and excited, with an advance of 11^113.the Ordinance of 1787, and have failed to comprehendLinseed Cake: There has been a slight advance o n a ll descrip-cotemporaneous history, if your assumptions on thisIdonotreallybelievetbattheiearetwothou-80delegatestrulyrepresenting80Councils/whohad afewincontrovertiblefacteinpoint. DowntoaboutandheartywelcomefromtheRepublicansofthevil-; Capt.Cbristman,withabout80men. Theywerefol-indorsed Lincoln, while on the other hand Fernando1852, you will concede that tne Democratic party (at the North, at least) agreed that Congress had the pow- er—which it had previously used without dispute^—tolage. O ld Burlington is all right, and will roll up a rousingmajority for Lincoln, Hamlin, and Stratton iu November next, and no mistake."—If any one desires to read the language of Wash- ington Hunt when h e advocated the principles o f R e -lowed b y the Biandywine Equestrians, Capt. T aylor , with about 50 men. Capt. Gilliegham was also pres- ent with a squad of-the Kennett-Square Wide-Awakes. They all presented a fine appearance, drilled well, and, with their blazing torches, presented a most imposing appearance. After marching through the village they©n t ae Bourse. Rentes 6Sf. 25c. /or Boston. Kish Oils advanced a trifle. Sperm selling at £105. will "most assuredly get. • Remember, there are at It is undeniable that considerations other than a speech of his delivered in the House of Representa-T se Comtituiionnel publishe* an article stating that Linseed Oil in good demand at dOfdZOIG. Fish Oils dull and un-changed in price. Rosin firm, owing to limited supplies; Com- least 8,000 Democratic voters in this State that willthe relations between Prance an< Austria are excellent, mon (« selling at 4/6. Tuipeintine advanced slightly, selling at vote for Lincoln beside. Yours, respectfully, 30/ &©31/, doting firm a t the latter figure.moral abhorence of Slavery, per se, influenced the acts tives:of exclusion—such, for instance, as discouraging emigra- • " Slavery having been extended over the Louisiana tion from the old Slavery settlements. to the fertile. and Florida pmchase, and finally over Texas, theand congratulating the latter power on its reform ten- LONDON MONEY MARKET.—Bar Silver, 5/1^; Men- XT V , o ' . ,„,. ' dency. I .] * can Dollars 5/2|; Eagles, •J6/2J; Bullion in Bank of England in- . New York, Sept 4, 1860.: EIGHTH WARD. Western Territories, and tne promotion of the foreign Free States nave pronounced, •Thus far and no far- slave-trade in competition witn home production, by ther.' W e insist that this common government of.T).e Emperor md Empretis b id gone to Savoy and Nice.creased £133,000 since last return.LONDOX, Saturday Evening, Aug. 25'—Consols closed dull to--day at 1*2$ for money, and 92J for account. The weather to-day hasbeendaliandwet.extending the area of slave territory—but the prevail-ing motive, particularly with Washington, Jefferson,andtheirillustriouscompatriots,:wasapresentlimita- carriedintootherlandsunderournationalflag;andAi imperial cecree had beer issued opening thePreach ports for ne admission, cuty fi-ee, of all kinds steady. The sale* of the week foot up 8,000 bales. Quotations:WHERE ARE THE'BARNBURNERS 7 Hon.SANKOKDE.CHUHCII,Albion, N.Y. .DEAR SIR: In the course of some remarksat a re- tion and the ultimate eradication of the whole evil. that our armies shall" not go forth under the colors off. afforeigngrainaidflour,irreepectiveof flag. YesaeZs bales. WHEAT buoyant, with a considerable advance onall with breadstuifs j Fill be exempted from tannage dues. qualities, owing to the weather being unfavorable for t h e crop*; the advance is fully equal to 3f. $>" sack. A8HBB dull. COKKKK firm. OILSfirmer. RICKfirm. ScGAit-quietbut firm. TALLOWin1784,aswell astnesubsequentpositiveenactment istheloftyattitudeandtheunalterablepurposeofthe of the Federal Government,"rendered the exclasion a s North. I n this there ie no Abolidonism to justify theleft t h e ground; again passing through the village on iheir w a y home. Taylor is Cornet Band aicompanied the Westchester Club. The Marshallton Band also as- fistedatthemeeting. Altogether it.was oneofthe finest evening meetings of the campaign. .The West- chester Club marched the whole distance on foot—fourThisisregardedasanadmissionorthegreat deficiency in the French market.Ti e w eather eculinued very wet. \It was reportedjthat the Emr^rbr had ordered the garr sons from Helfat toMemancer t o form a corps a^aniee of 100,000 men, and to pe ready with cam-paignmaterialsandartfflery, to moveatshortnotice. The Bonne was steady; Rentes) 68.15c.ITALY.Nct-bing decisive had yet been aciueved by Garibaldi.fundamental as the Constitution iteelf. Through theincessant denunciations that have been heard. Gentle-HAVRE MARKET, Aug; 23.—COTTON quiet and 92f. for Tres Ordinaire and 81f. for Ban. Stock in port 208,500cent Republican Ratificati'pn meeting at Palmyra, in view ofthecircumstancethat youweretospeakon the other side 4n the same, place the next night, I ad-, vertedtothe'met thatwestood togetheronthe FreeThe act of ceesion by the sovereign State of Virginia,' Freedom as the propagandiste of Slavery. 'That, Sir, which they did full justice; A t 11 o'clock the Clubamen seemto deceive themselves byneglectingadia- AMERICAN SECURITIES.—Baring Brothers report an Soil platform of 1848, and that no man had done more Jackson—all Democratic, with distinguished Southern- tinction too obvious to be overlooked. We aim not tofirm. WHALKBONK nominal. * • „ .firmmeinthefaithofthe'ffaatthersontheSlaveryquestion, and th** one or the other of us must have/and even down to the times bf Polk and Tyler, the con- stitutionalityoft-—herestriction-wascon-~c~edve.^d,a„,n..d.,t„h,..e,leave it untouched; where Freedom prevails, w e de- mandthatyoushallnotabolishit. Whilegentlemen denounce the abolition of Slavery as treasonable andbeen wrong then or must be wrong now—TI should* J suoum like to see which. At the close of the meeting, myconsentWasaskedandreluctantlygiventoa proposi- tion for a discussion between! us at the same' place. Aware of the .great advantage you would have overnnaniUiouBlydeclaredthat Congresscouldlegislatefor the Territories. Indeed, all the courts, State and Fed- eral,upto1854„hadheldthatSlaveryiathecreature of local law, and otherwise incapable of existence.against theabolitionofFreedom'inCalifornia,New- Mexico, and Chihuahua.""He said itwas'anewsentiment held bymen, without reason and without argument; nothing but a sentiment, and not a very wholesome sentiment either.'that it was a duty as well as a right, to alter¥r modify coming from the representative of a Free State, with-garrison were allowed to leave witjh their muskets.and LIVERPOOL PROVISION MARKET.—Beef heavy. afterward that you declined the proposition. M y inti- an opinion by circumstances or arguments. 'That is out transcending the limits of parliamentary oider. ' A to make any movement in the suit for title to long asjpurrenderedtohimatdiscretion. Rioefirman«ii*h*lyhigherf"orallqualities,withallargespeca- lative inquiry. Coffee steady..TheGaribaldiansweremastersofPortDelpizzo. LONDON MARKETS, Aug. 27.—BREADSTUFFS; buoy-Tieyaleo, after a short fight, (ccupied Villa San ant. WHKv? 5/ higher than on Monday last for all descriptions.SCOAK quiet. CopmB steady. KICK firm, with alargespeou- as regarding Slavery otherwise than as a temporaryGiovanni. lstive inquiry at advancing prices. TKA dull. TALLOW quiet and local circumstance, and never a national iostitution. - The defection of the army of Naples was considered at 51/6. ..as public experience, I nevertheless regretted to hearthe title of the praperty. Mr. Taylor will not be likelyjpersonal baggage only. Pork dull. Bacon quiet Lard steady at 60/©63/. Tallow, quiet, mate friends know how desirous I was to be the politi- conceded; for he who will not listen to reason is an Bentiment!' Y es, Sir,-'a seniiment.' -It is a senti-. Gen. Cosens,withaconsiderabeforce,hadcrossed hutisteady,at51/^3/. ' cal;asI hadlong been thepersonalfriendofJudge acknowledgedbigot. Butyouhadnorighttopleadin ment—onewhich theAlmightyhasimplanted deeply LIVERPOOL PRODUCE MARKET. Rosin firm at 4/6 justification, thatI was involved in a corresponding in- in the human heart, and no earthly power can erad- Ihe Straits at Piumichino, and two Neapolitan frigates for coattmon^Sdpiirita Turpentine steady at 31/. Sugar steady, Douglas, and to nave the Democratic party practice coasieteasy, by now. acting politically with gentlemen icate it. It may be insulted, and overborne, and tram-hisagentfindsnodifficultyincollectingtherentsof the market. During the 'past twenty days, he .assures UB that he has received $3,400 of rents.whatitdid inold times, andwhat itpromisedatthe election of Franklin Pierce. -whomIouce stronglyopposed. Weopposed Wash- pledintheearth,but,thankGod,it canneverbe.ex- ington, Hunt, Brooks & Co. together,. and I d» not tinguished. The fires of martyrdom have been kin- thinyouagreewitheitherofthem now, evenwhilein dledoftentosubdueit,but invain; it hasseemed tofluence to Bell, Who voted against the Nebraska act, •It ia the spirit of liberty, which is inherent in the AMERICAN SECURITIES.—The market for American Down to the end of Gen. Jackson's Administration' and with*. the Know-Nothings, whom you always de-'. soul of man. It is the sentiment which has inspiredi II •BSSSS SBBBl•imm$ti<.'-'^;.*-.,: •J' K- wm*mfm*Thomas M. Tryniski V 309 South 4th StreetFulton New York13069www.fultonhistory.comi-tionsandblandishmentsoftheCalhounites. Inowre-theperilsoftheocean,andtheprivationsofalifeinoratorat Palmyrfi declared before you without contra- the wilderness, to establish freedom of conscience, and Bank of Commerce of this city.LATEST— [By Telegraph to Galway. *Lrrou-ooL, A ug. JS—CorroSr-SaiVs to-day 8,000 bales; member as among, the proudest} acts of my life that, as diction. You also sought to make a point against me secure civil liberty for themselves and posterity.market <rai«t, b u t steady. BKKADHTBJ*'*—Weather favorable the editor o f a conAtry newspaper audTBtill in my mi- on account o f profligate Republican legislation. Yourrl.IXWHW,Aug.28,-Cwaoi»»fr®Wfwmoneyandaccount.cjaring, in advance erf apy Congressional action, hie de- tell tne truth, if it ebame jhe devil," conceded tbat thehorse, DUffgy, and harness were stolen on- the! 24th o f August, sentiment. Letthegentlemen sneer; itiaasentiment- remthe*ti*oJ»«f Jod#eVanderpool,** foijertiN,S—•On Monday evenjpg toeie was a great R^pnblicaa Mr.V.B.subsequentlydissentedfromthefurtherex- individual offenses ofmypartyassociates. Wemay meetingandparadeoftheWide-AwakesatBildwiosj.am at a loss to conceive how"you are to arrive at anyh iprotracted Administrations of Madiera, Monroe,and§£* TaPPl i c a t i o nto "the States Of the North-Westty&J&S&Jffjf^tf^*TM?,andconduct,wasneverforgiven,and never wJU be, Jefferson,Madisonand Adams (not,howevert includ- for once declaring that « he would vote for the Wilmot ing the Sedition Law of the elder Adams, whicb I re-Proviso, instructed o r uninstructed." And, &TM}Y> gret to see Judge Douglas disposed to adopt), and Jack-anyotherproperty.'' AndtheBaltimore platform(aleoacceptedbvJudgeD.)holdsthat"themeasureof Lossing,esq.,thedi-tinguishedauthorandartist,,_. „- , / "dly recognized. The Supreme Court, so late as 1828, criminal,. I hope they will indulge us if w e protestTHE WEST WASHINGTON MARKET CASE.—Mr. T ay] lor's agent informs us tbat Mr. Taylor has availed him- self of the provisions in his favor made in the ordor o f Judge Ingraham, by amending his claim for damages from $500,000 to $1,500,000 only in one of the suits,In reply to me at Palmyra, I understand you j osti-son, Spence & Co., report Flour buoyaqt at30/©33/. Wheat me in intellectual and oratorical qualifications, as well fied your change of views, since 1848, o*j0o«, ground It is difHcult to characterize an expression like this,. and that this suit has nothing to do with, the suitfozI never undert<tood the founders of the Government intimate political association with them. Y ou are expire on many a battle-field, but only to revive withGilmoreSimnia,t h eSouthCarolinianoetenaibly givingnearly one-third of your vote and in- new energy and beauty. ' .forBellandEverettaltogether,asyour associatemyself among j our political, as I do you among myDUTCHESS COUNTY. Correspondence of The SI. Y. Tribune.• • , ' POUGHXEEPSIE, Sept. 3,1860. The Republicans of Dutchess County are "wide- awake," a n d watching t h e current o f events withif t h e native-born citizens o f America should i all, b y any sudden providence, be swept fr\>moff the face of theearth,Iwouldtrustittothenaturalized^adoptee!act. This also goes t o show that t h esovereignty system ie unreliable and unsafe.made promise after promise, yet broke oneother—making a n d breaking his own Governors, andgivirg up a deceived people, iceluding women and keepsie Wide-Awake Club, scarcely a fortnight old,' the time, and although I oelieve that their organization cbildien,\to robbery, rapine;, and murder. I t was notnow numbers t w o hundred voters, who have hired a room and supplied themselves with .lanterns, banners, and regalia, and a piece of ordnance called the " Fre- montBaby," which is managed by agun squad. Theseought to be 8U8tained,-an'd that their nominees ought t o be elected—if I didn't I wouldn't stand—yet I,believe in the religious a n d political education o f our people more than I believe in all things else. I believe in the fitness o f my fellow-citizens to accept the responsibili-the. action of the people in prohibiting Slavery in that mans o*ganiz*d a club in this city, and one hundred Territory. And Congress itself, by the action of. a names were immediately added to tneir list. The Re-J*Democratic" Senate, refuses the admission of Kansasinto the Union with a republican form o f government,because she adopted a Free-State Constitution, b y theneareattainable method of popular sovereignty. A r enot these also illustrations, most palpably in point,against any reliance on the Douglas theory, either as aguaranty of self-government to the Territorial popula-tions, or the settlement of a vexed question, or of as- be organized at Red Hook, Rhinebeck, Stamford;suring pease to the country? All would seem to. depend Union Vale, Washington, Pine Plains, Pawling,upon the character and disposition of the Federal Ad- North-East, Milan, Amenia. and Beekman; so that on which occasion the Dooglus Democracy showed off ministration for the time being. Indeed, there is no the pebple will hang Douglas Democracy, high as their good will towards the Republicans in the follow- sovereignty in the General Government iteelf, any their fatherB hanged Hcddkstone, the spy, on For- ing elegant and chaste manner. The Douglasitea,had]"thepower of the Territorial Legislature over the, publican liberty—indeed the elite and literati of this ter,leavingthemiddleofthestreet-'Sometimeswau"Jhe Supreme Court, should be enforced by every son, will give their voice and . theirt votes for Lincoln us that it was good for us,"glad to see us; &c. Whenand sublime a s that which meets the eye here has a Sovereignty. The "first man goes into a Territory with > tendency to educate a taste for the beautifal not only, free labor, another with alaves. Are they to begin the but to inspire a love for liberty. The mountains are the grand stairways that wind upward to God, and lift those who ascend tbem above the sordid and vulgar at- tractionsinterwovenwiththeframeworkofoppressionat either a logical beginning or ending ofyour PopularAwakes," a company just formed in that wide-awakev•connections, was substantially made a portion of .the, publicanism twelve years ago, here it is, copied from a proceeded to the grove, where they found a large as-Constitution itself.semblage. T h e ladies were pre-ent in great numbers, adding, to the enthusiasm o f the occision. Farmers and others were present with their wives and daugh- ters, from a distance of ten and twelve mills. The meeting w a s presided over by Mr. Woodward, Presi- dent of the Marshallton '• Club. Bsief but stirring speeches were made by Wm. T . Haines, Dr. Harvey, Samuel Nay lor, S . Darlington, f.nd D r . Taylor. A f v ter the speeches the Clubs were invited to partake of a collation prepared b y t h e people o f Marehalltcn, to>ours shall not be employed to spread Slavery over Territory now Free; that human bondage shall not beBEWAREOr HORSXTHIEVES.—Fromanoticeinan- colleague at Palmyra, being of that class whp"will sentiment; the right of man to self-government is a other part of tills paper, it M«mi that a venrvsJunble hrixht baTUntitled Document•Nbeautiful Hudson, under the shadow of these magnificent a half, and was followed by J . H . Baker o f Minnesota. mountains, will consent to become a hunter ofnegroes In the evening the Wide-Awakes were out in proces-for Southern slave-drivers. Scenery so picturesquePoughkeepsie, so famous for her schools, openedall jurisdiction of the Supreme Court over the Squatter them to-day. Prof. Edgarton intends to establish a brilliant appearance. Addresses were made by W . B .the 124,000 that voted for Fillmore will Bupport Mr. Sovereigns,—and then let loose the dogs of civil war, Law-School here shortly. There was a mass Temper- Lincoln as their candidate, for President this year. and encounter domestic strife and deadly conflict. A t ance meeting of the Universalists here yesterday. Mr.the end of any •onflict, if there should be survivors sufficient to form a State Government, with the view, toadmissionintothe.Union,willnotyour Popular Sovereignty even then be subject to the will of Con-Mann, John Gofoith, Morton McMichael, and Judge Gregory deserves great praise for-his efforts to sustain KeUy.ralpalacesarebeingerectedinthiscity. ie to be started here directly. 'jAnewbank e. w . B. *-?».—i——William Henry Fry will address Republican meet-dom! Here it is:" The Black Republican* W^de- A wakes' men, a n d call i tmarch makingstow upon them, and that whosoever m a y have pos- session ,of the majority of votes, and of the public sen- timent in Massachusetts, will always find hers, at least, a faithful, loyal, independent, and patriotic people."—Williamnovelist, and poet, is passing several weeks with a friend, at the latter'a Summer residence, near Yonkersy on the Hudson. He will visit New York before re- turning to, hie home iu Charleston.-/Thereare'sevenhundredladystockholdersofthe*f* «..,+ ::-;>•?>•*>»i'•""H"*--. •(••' 