 6NEW YORK HERALD. M I E I 0 O R M I I IHEW YORK HERALD, THURSDAY, FBBRt. into the dream thing! Italy and Spain will v a i n to a new lifeof the savage natives of Africa with thethiscannot fail tothe mind of the country.We have received t J m J M J particular, ia regard to the free trade commercial treaty between France and England, announced by the Emperor Louis Napoleon in his circularT»liamendment to a resolution on the subject of ap-.••.*• pointing a special committee to look after legisla- of mere practical utility. The splendid Park is by the recent enormous shipments of silver toO nBTBUPB « a m (tion at Albany. The amendment instructed the now beginning to emerge from a chaos of the East to pay for the civil and military ex- committee to "exert their energies to secure ex- rocks and half-buflt roads, and unsightiy ex- penses of the British empire in India. T o ex- plicit authority to cause the reading of a portion of crescences and stunted frees, and to wear that plain them, we must premise by saying that, the Bible at the daily opening of each school under notwithstanding the oppressive and overwhelm-rBOWBRV WBtrrurBom. A*F«I- the jurisdiction of the Board." Both resolution daily beauty which will make it a joy forever, ing system of taxation enforced by the British and amendment were adopted, after a long train of and the richest of legacies to our posterity. in India, that colony has always been held at amaticalline,and tryingtobalancethemselveson tation of machinery will be rnVmlmtaithat and keep from eternal death." How mise- January. 1861. the duty on sugar will be reduced. rable their lot compared with the Southern ne- From June, 1881, the prohibitions on the im-ABB retfow tie* . .in, Hmtt^gm •• »»«w»»»«"«'the perpetrator of the assassiThe trial of young Une, for alleged defalcationsof nations, even to the present day, will with new vigor from its long enchainment apathy, and take a noble snare in fan careerwith the once popular and famous boast England-that her policy was "colonies, and conquest"—are fall of melan-choly instruction and bitter lessons.Within ten days before the Arago sailed, the Bank of England had raised its rate of interest from two and a half to four per cent; and pri-peace and welfare of the fTinHslHii States, which have now as much slave labor at they want.w. v .AMuaomrr rum irunna. —fBiBMrTthe PuKon Bank, was commenced yesterday,exhausted in empanneHmg a jury. human developement and elevation.The Southern negroes in servitude are betterfed, better clothed, better housed, better earedfor every way, and far more happy and con-tented, than the average, of the working whitepopulation of the North, so many of whose fe- to M. Fould. On and after July 1,188$, meTHKATU,III.—WKWBoa*gro girls, who never know want or care or fear of the future! The slaveholders, there- fore, for the sake of their happy black popula- tion, as well as for their own sake, want no im- ported slaves.portation of threads, tissues and hemp will be replaced bya dutynot exceeding thirty per cent From October, 1861, allhibitions will be abolished.some error to the lattertides enumerated are now no longer \W71ITBS OAJUMDI, Broadway,WALLACKW TBXATRB, Bmdway.-Baaiircs or A Foo» T N N htur.o the report, which we publish to-day.Beef cattle were in active request yesterday, anduitriA DlA*tkinds,prices ranging from7c.to10§c.perpound* a very popular resort for all classes. The despoiledoftheirdominions bytheEastIndia .-ACTSUIOFPiDCU Milchcowsweresteadyandfirmatprevious Ramblewasthenvisitedbythousandsofper- Company;tokeepupacivilservicewhichwas price?. Veals were active, at 3jc. afie.a 7c, in- based on the principle that in twenty-fiveThosewhoembarktotheslavetradearefor ed,andenter Franceatadutylevthanthirty themostpartYankeesandNewYorkers,either percentBBWBOwTCBVTHIATRK,_ —PotAT JO«I>A*-T«»M FAST MMof the republican stripe or of the hue of Ami-cluding all kinds. Sheep and lambs were insteady* sons, who enjoyed the grateful shade, the years every one should grow rich in it; to car- nidab Sleek. When the people of the New Below we give the present rates of duties onBBOADWAV BOUDOIR. 444 Bnedway.-Box A»DCOX- OooeroeBriv-riTii*OWE.airdemand,at$350a$750,includingallkinds' perfumeoftheflowers,thedelightfulmusic ryonincessantwarsandnegotiationsina EnglandStatesabolishedslaverybecauseit toeleadingarticlesoftradenowInoperationiaTBVUVBB fRAdOAlB • » /•ores Sorr OSTUB OB jfA«*»— PIODOLST.B4LBNTTirS AMBBTCAff— Ti n o t «?' ewe from inferior to prime extra. Swine were also ac- and the superb landscape views, and came country without roads and without pro-OllfAUl* MM tive,at6c.a7c.perlb. Thenumberonsalewas backtothedustyandcrowdedcitybetterandwould no longer pay in their cold climate in France, the United States and Great Britain : -thepresenceofsomanyhardywhiteemigrants TARIFFS AT nasawr rnroaci nrTHI BTATBS, FRANCS A B B OSBAT BBITAfN.jnon-WiBiocw or ra Brmrfai-O0MNUMV.thefinestcarriageroadinthecountrywasopened, and was fully appreciated and im- has always been a loss to the they would bring, and only made the emanci-jrowatrhT.OIM-C#»BU» AMDHisWire.duce suitable for European consumption— 2,463 beef cattle, 140 cows, 457 veals, 5,663 sheep purer for (heir excursion. Later in the year all these have cost so much moneyfrom Europe, they did not set their slaves free,Broadwar. - A Itar-andlambs,and3,993swine.v.s.$The cotton market was steady yesterday, with sales of BRYANTS' WTB8TRKIB, •sstaiHwe' Hull. 473. Broad- 1,000 bates, closing on the basis of quotations giv^a inPrtL Uw*r -BoaueQoaa, r»e Hiu*.So*«if, DASCSS,AC—WBC O M rao*proved; and now, for our winter sports, we haveskating ponds, which only need be kept in a Zemindary system of Bengal, takes one-halfDo. (railroad) Copper ore.... Cotton......:r U 14124 162 -M FroUMted. Fret 9M0cu prJJOlbTree.Free. Free. Free.Free. Free.mercantile marine reciprocity, with some very in- evenly balanced, or so exhausted, that should teresting letters from our correspondents. A bril they break the bonds of peace, the victorious Hint reception had been held at the Tuileriea, when sword of France, thrown into either scale, many Americana were presented to the French would at once decide the question. The con- coutt A very spirited accoant of the ceremonyonly a few persons drive in the Fifth avenue. $2,500,000 having been shipped more than Austria to prevent it, and they are maddened There is no universal promenade, such as every once in a single week. A ll of this silver has of to desperation. The Italian question is practi-chiefly interest«rr*%w1ng WB^Sfflt of Hpace we omit giving the list in full. We have given the French duties when imported in foreign vessels: concessions to some extent exist in favor of French bottoms.The manufacture and sale of tobacco are en. trusted by the French government to a com- mission known as the Regie, and who have a capital of forty-five million of dollars. Tbe average export of American tobacco Intoand succeeding scenes will be found elsewhere.liberty and progress.flattery and all the terrors of intimidation, spiritual fulminations and combinations of earthly power, have equally failed to bend him from his inflexible purpose. The Catholic po- pulation of Europe are too enlightened at this time of day to fight for a temporal crown for the successor of S t Peter.steady, and provisions and breadstuff* qaiet The political intelligence ia unimportanttral Park will give an opportunity for the pro- per display of all these Que equipages, and it will be the best drive in the world.met at Hartford yesterday, and nominated Hon. and the decaying Powers of Europe are classed Thomas H. Seymour for Governor, and a full ticket respectively as they reject or accept the tempo-forget them at the polls.BLACK REPUBLICAN THEORY AND PRACTICE.—Among the many important articles whichfor State officers, and also appointed delegates to the Charleston Convention. The latter are under, stood to be favorable to the nomination of Stephen A. Douglas for Presidentral theories of Rome.The new order of things everywhere now re-death of Mr. Tuers. the cos- and a BOW career of greatness, The I who was murdered on the race, one* the conqueror of fan world,ided, bat no clue creator of the arm and sslaaoe% thedomestic American negroes would corrupt The recent advices from Europe, read in con- and deprave the latter ao as to endanger theA report of the proceedings is given ia anothercolumn. The metropolitan public, of all classes, have vate letters intimate that a farther advanceThe Board of Education was again agitated last only just begun to appreciate tne beat, the mostmay b e expected. This movement—which here w e should call a "panic"—haB been causedevening on the Bible question. It came up as annoble, the most grateful and the most beneficial of their public institutions, distinct from thosemales, said one of the orators at the meetingof the American Women's Association in thisdry on Tuesday evening, "had but onepoint to separate them from starvation, andthat was the point of the needle—poor girlswalking upon a bridge as narrow as a mathe-import duties on cotton and wool will be abolished. English pit coal and coke will be sub-jected to the same duty as in the Belgian tariff After October, I860, adnty of seven francs will be substituted for the actual duty ea iron. From December, 1888, the duties oa thecounter motions had been disposed of, and the The influence of the Park upon the people loss to the English. It has cost so much money pecial committee named by the Chair. For who enjoy its varied attractions is nonethe to support the Governor General,andthe Lieu-particulars of the proceedings on this and many less sure because it Is attained by gradualother subjects which came up we refer the reader steps. The work has progressed slowly, b u | tenant Governors, each of whom lives in ori-surely. Sufficient has already been done to ental splendor; to maintain an army more thantix times as large as that of the United States;prove, in the amplest'way, its incalculableTBQBATBB, CM Broadway.—Jiun an advance of half a cent was established on al' value. During last summer the Park became to pay enormous pensions to exiled monarchs,another column. Flour was less buoyant for commongrades, while good extra brands were firm and unBritish. Though the government, under theMFree. SoWXperaoibsBTBLO*B P-MOON. Beoedwar -Grn. CBinrVa Mtw- changed. Wheat was firmly held; sales embraced white little better order to surpass the famous Ser- S-rftMA IB SONGS, D*»C«* B<**uaQltES. Aft— DOUBL* B»DO«DAooeNIKTH 8TKKKT. o a e door east of Broadway.-8ou)»«M»'« ATcarvs._—~—>ON.PWR nnVTWUTR -Rwr. Wl H. Hiiara*** Leoroaathe produce of the country, in the shape ofCotton twtot Cotton yarns.. Cotton threada Grouadbarfc..6* Wuit A Ri.no MA« 8AW in Eire :.*•».TRIPLE SHEET. at $18 Z~}i, and new prime at $14 50. Sugars were Arm, world. Skaters and spectators, of both sexesFree.IK fJ42kper2*)lba«)ete.perimbs.New York, Tfcwradmy, February 16,1S60.pursuit of health, recreation, grace and inno-$25,000,000, which used to be borrowed in Eng- land by the company.North, and all the anti-slavery demagogues and their organs, whether pseudo-democratic or re- publican pure and simple, know far more of9 M0 eta. " "FreeFree.9 da. per 212 lb*. Free.72 eta. per lb.T h eTbe Ara*© reached this port yesterday mornimr,taininit the details of the news telegraphed fromPortlandafterthearrivaloftheBohemian.Wepublish to-day a most important risunU ofIt will be seen, by the copious details of the European newB which we give elsewhere to- day, that the great struggle which is to con-vernment, it was resolved to adopt a new plan. A new Indian stock, commonly called "rupee stock," was created and guaranteed by thePplrHa turpentine 15flews.IS30 f Government J tional to theApproaching End of the Papa 1 Tempo- with our European files date* on the 1st inst, coa- r a l i t i e s .polis can turn out, and the entire ensemble was When British India passed out of the hands those engaged in the business than do any par- delightful in the extreme. On Christmas day of the company into those of the British go- ties south of Mason and Dixon's line.S87 "[ 1'rohibied. j172c perUb.ar 15 peret,op-gayetysuchas could notbe surpassedinthe with rales of about 300 hhda. and 850 boxes, at prices and all classes, have mingled together in theand !i:»urede'ivery, with sales of newmessonthespotRefined iron....<Hker qualities.. 24 Steet iron 24 Manf ahcet iron 24given in another place. Coffee w a s Arm, with sales of 1,400 bases Rio and Santos at 12,l ,c Freight engagements were fair to Liverpool and Lond&a, and at steady rates.The New Order of Things In Europe—PorkAaheaRice.Boain.Silk, plainfcilk, figured andwatered. Snuff..U15 $223 15 1«7KFrep lflf 19 3 74flict is a conflict of theories and ideas, and thekeeps a carriage may be seen at a specifiedin gold.So heavy a drain could only be withstood ThePrinceAlberthas. arrivedatStJohnsfrom andreason. Inthe result the Emperor must thatthereareoverfivehundredcarriagesmain- successfullywhen therewas a corresponding Galway, with European news to the 4th inst Con- suppress the temperalities of the Pope, or the tained by private individuals—a greater num- influx of precious metals into England from aola had advanced an eighth, while cotton was Pope mufft overthrow the dynasty of the Em ber than is kept in London or Paris. The Cen- other sources So long as the Bank of Eng-land received $3,000,000 a week from the United States and Australia, it could afford to ship $2,500,000 to India. But when the supply from this country ceased, as it did six or sevenarms which are to be used are those of truthperor. The present epoch is like that ofCharlemagne, when the worn out ideas that fora thousand years labored through the decline ofMexicoonthe8th,forVeraCms,with5,000andfalloftheRomanempirerequiredare- TheCentralParkisamatterofnationalastroops. His advanced guard had progressed as far modelling In accordance with the fitness of ex- well as of local importance. Its glory is thet oabouttwo-fifths e f the tobaccoBy way of New Orleans we have advices from Vera Cro* to the 10th inst Miramon left the cityamountseighteen thousandas the National Bridge. Vera Cruz had been de- isting things.clared in a state of siege. The old Church, as it had been constructedBy the arrival of the overland mail we have in the earlier centuries of the faith, had been a news from Ban Francisco to the 23d ult,three daysglory of the whole republic as well as of this Imperial city.As, therefore, Napoleon cannot be reached iaweeks ago, the result—a monetary panic—was any other way, it is highly probable that attempts States. The revenue derived by the Frenchinevitable. will soon be made upon bis life. More assassi- government from tobacco was in 1857, 92,235, Some of the foreign journals occasionally nations of crowned heads and men in power 729f.,andin 1852, 95,344,008/.allude to our domestic troubles, and express have arisen from religious fanaticism than from As our treaty with France places us on theOur next census will probably show that the laterthantheaccountsreceivedviatheIsth-powerfulinstrumentforthedestructionofthepopulationoftheUnitedStatesexceedsthatof mus, and later advices from Oregon, Washington nations upon whom it seized. It displaced England or France, while in extent of territorysympathy for this country. Trying as some of these may be, there is no picture presented in the world at the present time so truly pitiable as that of England as the mistress of India.Territory and British Columbia. The news is not the active feeling of national heroism and glo- we stand among the greatest of empires, an-anyothercause.HenryIV.ofFrance,whosesamefootingwiththemostfavorednations, protection of tne Huguenots from religious per- we presume that, whatever reduction of du-secution, by his promulgation of the celebrated ties she may consent to make in her trea-Our articles of greatest export to France consist of cotton and tobacco. Tbe cotton ex- ported hence to France in 1858-'59 amounted to 163,000 bales. Under the operation of free trade it will soon be doubled.We notice from the schedule of the reduc- tion of duties proposed by the Emperor, that on and after the 1st day of July next the duty on cotton, now about two and a half cents per pound, or from eight to ten dollars per bale, u to be entirely abolished, and thatfromOctober, 1861, all prohibitions are to cease. This doubt- lees looks to the abandonment of the pro- hibitory duty on tobacco, or to the abrogation of its monopoly by the governmentWe see by tbe movement of the veteran se- nior of Exeter Hall—Lord Brougham—that be hasstartedapropositiontoencouragethe growth of cotton in Africa and other places, by admitting it Into England duty free, while that imported from the United States is to bepanics. on earth—even " the Eternal City" would no stone, the travelling parson, who plagiarized longer own his sway, and P io Nono and his materials from tbe documents of obi PortugueseSuch is the fruit of a century's adherence to successors would come down from a regal travellers, and palmed them upon the worldthe policy of "commerce, colonies and con- throne to the level of the poor fishermen, who as original. Let the lights of Exeter Hall goquest I" Such is the legacy left to England by possessed neither silver nor gold, and had not on and tax American cotton, while they pro- her CUyes, her Hastings, her Wellesleys, herDalhousies and her Lawrences. For such a a second coat to wear. Venice, which pants pose to admit it duty free from other places.reward as this did they and their brave com- for the freedom of the Romagna, and Hungary. In that case cotton manufacturing will, to a rades spend their blood, and did their country which struggles in the chains which the Haps- large extent, be transferred from England to Win the envy of the civilized and the execra- burg has thrown around her, would once more France, whose manufacturers, b y using Ameri-of general importance*. The politicians were ac- ry, and exalted in its \stead the passive senti- cient or modern. To-day New York is richertively engaged in preparing for the Presidential ment of a thirst for martyrdom and canoniza- than Paris, and before many years this metropo- There she rules a nation of, by last accounts,ty with Great Britain, the United States willcampaign. The Baa Francisco markets exhibited tion in the calendar of the Church. The cowl lis will be more wealthy than London. The178,000,000 of people, all of whom hate theEdict of Nantes, rendered him obnoxious to thebloodthirsty spirit of an intolerant age, is a re- be entitled to share alike with her in its advan- markable example of this. He fell in the tages.some improvementand the cassock succeeded the helmet and theCentral Park is to be looked upon as one of the chief evidences of our progress in material wealth and in the culture of those refining in- fluences which distinguish the civilized man from the savage.Englishwith suchintensity thatnothingb u t aIn Congress yesterday the Senate receded cuirass; armies of monks displaced those offrom its amendment to the Post Office Ap- soldiers, and the way was opened for the mul- propriation bill abolishing the franking privilege. titudes of Goths, Huns and Visigoths who trodmilitary force equal to that of Great Britainstreets, in the open day, stabbed by a fanatical priest named Ravilliac. He was the greatestand the bill was passed It was signed by the President during the day , and the mail contractors will get their money with as little delay as possible. The Senate then debated and passed, by a vote of 54 to 2, the lull abolishing theout so large a portion of the ancient civiliza- tion. The passive idea of the Church con-English throat in the country. These peopleare already so heavily taxed that human inge-nuity could not extract another rupee fromthem. As we mentioned above, one-half thewhole produce of the land in the province ofBengal (which furnishes nearly half the wholeIndian revenue) goes to the government, andevery traveller concurs in representing the con-dition of the Bengal peasantry as beyond ex-pression poverty stricken. England cannot in-crease the revenue of India; she cannot reduceher expenses, or no Englishman's life would bebravest of its kings. And now the greatest statesman France has since seen—the greatest of modern times—stands in imminent peril of being taken off in the same way. Zealots like the assas- sin of Henry rv\ believe that "me end sanctifies the means," and the world need not be sur- prised if some of them, stimulated by the Bour- bons, should, with poignard or poison, strike down the ruler of France.The immense value of the Park, and its quered these in turn, and from their decay cheapness at any cost, seem so clear that evensprang Charlemagne and the claim of theto allude to, much less to enlarge upon them,franking privilege. After a short executive ses- Popes to temporal sway over the fertile pro- seems like arguing upon a decided case.sion, during which several unimportant appoint vinces of Italy. That sway has stood for a Nevertheless we do allude to them, to expressmenta were confirmed, the Senate adjourned. The thousand years, growing more intense with House ballotted twice for Printer, without effecting every waning century, until it has nearlythe hope that there cannot be found, either at Albany or elsewhere, any persons in authority who will make of themselves such ridiculous asses and nincompoops as to throw any obsta- cles or impediments in the way of the speedymember of the House had written to New York from the chains of the Papal theories, these na- it that if they do so they will have a heavy inviting the use of $100,000 to defeat the MLThe Connecticut Democratic 8tate Convention tions have developed until to-day the living account to settle with the people, who will nota choice. The remainder ef the session was de- voted to the introduction of sills and resolutions oa a great variety of subjects.crushed out the true Italian life, and extended its blighting influence to Spain on one side, and Austria on the other. The northern na-But if Napoleon falls, he will bring down with him Church and Pope and all, as Samson brought down the temple of the Philistines onjects these theories. For long years they have over-crowd our columns this morning, the spe-cial message of Governor Letcher, of Virginia, been maintained In Italy only by foreign bayo- must not be overlooked. In this message,The extensive seixure of jewelry on board theAsia baa terminated in • verdict in favor ofthe •laimaat Ik* lynx eyed Custom HouseInspectors, ia the performance of their du-ties, thought that a wealthy Mexican .banker, jects by a garrison of ten thousand French upon a regular and legal requisition, the per- tion of the Asiatic world. travelling with ait family and nearly 28,000 troops in the Papal city. If left to themselves, son of Coppoc, one of the Harper's Ferry con-nets, and the very Pope who to-day defies Lotis Governor Letcher announces to the VirginiaNapoleon and courts a noisy martyrdom is Legislature the refusal of Governor Kirkwood, preserved from the hatred of his misruled sub- of Iowa, to surrender to the proper authorities,become independent sovereignties, and all Eu- can cotton admitted free of duty, will be en- rope would be lighted up with the revolution- abled to undersell the English manufacturers.franca worth of jewelry, had "more than the law the people of Italywould to-day hurl Pio Nonoallowed/- bat it being satisfactorily proved that from the peninsula. In clinging to the worn spirators. Governor Kirkwood is, of course, the articles were for personal use and not for mer- out ideas that were established eight centuries a black republican, and governs a atronglyIt would have been a lucky thing for Eng- land if the rebellion had succeeded, and the British empire had been rid of an incubusary flames.But it may be that heaven has hedged Na-From the tenor of the new treaty, France, it seem?, proposes to abolish aftoj October, 1861* the prohibition and monopoly eWtobaoco; whenpentine of Hyde Park, or the equally celebrat- ed lake in the Bois de Boulogne. On the Cen-Canada, in f W e , at $1 38; Milwaukee club on privateterms; and a small lot of prime white Michigan at $1 50Corn was heavy and sale-] moderate at' 78c. a tral Park ponds, since thecold weather set in, under theRyotwary system, andin the north- 79c. for white and yellsw Jersey and Southern.Perk was firm and in pood demand, both for immediatea land tax, and is equally exacting in Madras there has been presented a scene of animated west provinces under thevillage system, it has15 Prohibited. Gunpowder... IS Prohibitedcent pleasure.been seen the finest equipages that the metro-Skirting the ponds might havealone, it was estimated that no less than 30,000personsvisitedtheCentralPark,andoneveryother occasion when the skating was good therewas a proportionate crowd. And, as a proof British government This was freely issued by against Napoleon, the fanaticism ot the bish-eacKlieal I e t t e r o f ** Holiness, the offi- begun, and that Louis Napoleon and Pio Nono, of the humanizing influences of the Park, we the government of India at Calcutta and else- ops and clergy of France has been kindledhave not heard of a single instance of the row- where, in payment of its obligations. Unhap- into a terrible flame, which is fanned into' monopoly. ' Tarandpuch 15 as»pernolbs.C. H. officer. Free.Free.14 eta. per ft. 72cUper lb andSperoeatthe wojrrem ot the great religions war be-tween Kipoleon and the Pope, giving the vulse the Old World and agitate the New has' Prohibited iGovernment - ad.iltional.cial report on the conduct of L'Unioers as representatives of antagonistic systems, arein publishing it, and toe imperial decree ordering fairly set against each other, and each ia gath- dyism which has been but too common in this pily, the commercial disasters occasioned byfiercer energy by the Emperor's suppression of the Univers. His life is in diynffrr m/w^ter- dangerfrom this religious fafVFrohibttafrAWl tee**»££'««*:book <r*ers»18 per lb > and 5 per seatFree to l i t ) per cent a d ! •alotem on f all IFree.Free.Free.C $132 per gall. 1 <and • pereeat >(additional. ) Hot specified.the cuppresKJon of the paper. The Emperor in ering Bis supports around him.country when large assemblages came together. During the next year the value of the Parkthe war, and the general insecurity created bygome, measure denies the Spiritual infallibility,hitnlrto claimed, of the Pope, and endeavors to mises to be a moral, and not a physical one. will be still more fully demonstrated. New drives of sale in India; holders, within the past year, was from the political fanaticism .1r.t»3!SS3sseparate the French church from that of Rome inanch an open manner that a London paper asks:—- Who will be the Luther of France, or Calvin ofCentral Italy?" The progress ot the free trademovement is also noted. We give a report of a de- the opening of the new year. In the momen-and pleasant walks will be opened. For the first time there will be a proper place for the exhibition of the fine equipages whichtained in New York. Heretoforethe red republican revolutionists. Yt^ that he is master of the situation, and t«.tbe I * * Pr0?2rfdo« •But the struggle, great as it will be,pro-the same event, rendered this stock very hard~a»«*b*There seems to be no cloud in the political horizon that threatens to belie the fair promise of peace which the French Emperor gave onhave almost invariably pursued the policy ofshipping it to England to be sold, and the pro-ceeds remitted back to them in silver. This can carry out his ideas as effectually by a \wfres»«'city in Europe has, and where every one who course been bought from France and paid forcally settled by his plans, without a Congress, and settled, too. in the interest of civilization,hour of the day.In New York it is estimatedAll the blandishments ofBut little of importance occurred in the StateSenate yesterday. In executive session, the ap- tions of Western Europe threw off its yoke completion of the work upon the Park.pointments of Mr. Van Yalktnburg for Harbor three hundred years ago, and even France, Albany legislation has already done a suffi-Master,andMr.LounsberryforPortWardenwere sincethetimesofRichelieuandLouistheFour- cientamountofmischieftothemetropolis,confirmed. The Assembly was engaged in an ani- teenth, has been more under the influence of without placing its fangs upon the Centralmated discussion on the Pro Rata bill. In the the tramontane than of the ultramontane Park. Let the work go on as it has begun. We In return for the bloodthirsty hatred of whichcourse of the debate the Speaker stated that a or purely Romish school in the Church. Freed can tell those who may be disposed to arrest Nena Sahib is the type, England pays to India did in 1792, and bang every priest.the government consented to aurrender black republican State. His action, then, in from which it cannot peaceably relieve itself, poleon round in order to carry out its ownto the claimants, which was done, ago, the Pope is the worst enemy of the Papacy. the case of Coppoc, furnishes us with a striking certificate of probable cause iTne world has outgrown the rule of ecclesias- and instructive illustration of the inconsistencyand which every year will become more purposes, and that till his destiny is accom- this law goes into effect she will import fromtics and the union of Church and State, and thetime has come for another remodelling of the for, in Congress, the republican leaders Papal power. It must give up its temporali- assure us that they are conservative ties, purify itself from the filth which these and law-abiding. But when, as in the have brought around it, and assume Its true case of Coppoc, this theoretical obedi-intolerable.plished he has a charmed life. His mission this country eight or ten times the quantity thatshe at present receives from the United States.•tarnoriMWBaM,tttA*M|Bttteia ^day, vis: at* A.M.,and3aa^t0'esiK«F7lL~ dred and fifty millions of Christians. A deter- ,wrt the Governor of Virginia issues his requi- beyond precedent" This is just what we havessBi allaay. niftt ft*rasjgai•flernooB overcast; atfBt* all iay; evening asooalixht i.d blow- a gala all day, sight meoaHght andl,8tne world, wa cannot doubt the ultimate resultcourse ofand the arms of truth and reason wffl tr*- Should he be taken away, the bonds ofparty justify and would repeat just such out-rages and incendiary attempts as the Brownraid; that the • irrepressible oontlct" Is notwritten upon the black republican programmean a remote possibility, but an a foreordainedandpreresolvedcertainty;andlast,butbynomeans toast, that the conservative masses of thecountrymustseethenecessityofrecon-www.fultonhistory.comThe TKbtate comes to the rescue, and throwsall the blame on tile South. Now, it so hap-pens that the slaveholders of the SouthernStates are opposed to the slave trade, for two ef Gibraltar to the Ural mountains. reasons: First, because it reduces the value ofthe property they possessIntheservices oftheir own domestics; and secondly, because themmA positionasOai>piritualhead,only*ofonehun- encetolawisrequiredtobeputintopractice,extentandwithasuccessandaudacityalmost-y ||j tA» | IAM | i*!r-jSX minedresistancetothisnecessitycanonlypro- duce events which are shadowed forth in the Authoritative article in the Paris CbnstMionnel. is there stated to be one of tempo-the principal party to theinfamous compact, isANOTHER AXTI-SLAVERY STUMP LKTURKE.— The tactics of tbe republican party to the pre- ent Presidential campaign are to take time byhe forelock; to be first in the field, aad occupy all toe strong positions, and to impose abolition tump speeches oa the people of the largecities, under the pretence of lectures. In this way it is expected that tbe lecture going com- munityofallshadesofpoliticswillbecaught in the republican not: for many would go to a "lyceum lecture," as Giddings calls his stomp speech, who would recoil with abhorrence from a partisan political speech, and, meet of all, from one of tbe abolition stamp. By in-and not of dogmas; but in the argument the theory of the infallibility of the Pope re-refused and the law dhsresjarded, simply be-cause the crime of which the fatftivetaaocueedis one connected with slavery. By this re- Hates." This, too, we have stated over andnewed exhibition of black republican innail 4v7*J*jJ''l"i?ftPI*' ofluToue,andof tencyweareremindedthatthisgreatabolition•ver again; but every journal ia the city con- tradictedus.will bohold its bloody festival in Italy, and afate will attend the papacy and the retrogradepublish in another column the speech delivered Hunter, of Virginia, upon the invasion ofloosened in Europe,rerol _of black republican theory and' practice;seems to be to punish one by one the partiesINCREASE OF THE SLAVE TRADE.—The Jour- to the treaty of Vienna. He has humbled With a fair duty on this enormous increase ofnal of Commerce, in a whining tone, complains Russia, he has laid low the pride of Austria, consumption she would realize as much, and Of the increased activity of the slave trade, and he now takes in hand the Pope. Whether probably more revenue', than she now receives>:that, as we said, the Indian empirebutsoldthemtotheSouthforallthemoneyfrtU%t€.AlaOunlBfes(pRvato) Hpation law operate upon the generation un-born. When they disposed of all their nig-gers at good cash prices to the slave States,they then embarked in theslave trade, and have supplied them with negroes ever since from SeaflahAfrica, till the traffic has become a nuisance toalways been necessary to borrow something at the South, and the slaveholders are one and all Cast ironat 8024the trade, however, is carried on with Brazilothers it has amounted to $20,000,000 to and Cuba; and the abolition leaders at the Hiifur, raw A reQ'd N)theendoftheyear to makeboth endsmeetcryingoutagainstit Theprincipalportionof«44X " Prohibited.8 12 per 2*0 Ibi. Prohibited12 SB per 2 » lbs. $396toS430 "In some years the deficit has been small, but in£»$3 BO per gaUoa. £ £ « > - 5 iing articles inBroadway is too much blocked up, and steamer have been enormous, as much as Piedmont, beyond the power of the Pope or of ^ r t ^ ^ g g g g f y ^ States arerbate in the English Parliament on the question of tous conflict which 1Brising, the parties are so been no special drive within the city • ayer that the shipments of silver to the East by each sures. They see the Romagna annexed to SSSSf^Ssystem has been latterly so generally pursuedterly inactivity as by the most vigorous met*herself prevents their rising and cutting every prince ever known in France—the best andlafe there for an instant; she cannot go on asshe is doing without losing, to India, an the heads of his enemies as well as his own. amount of coin about equal to the pro- So far from the Pope being served by such anduceofAustraliaandCaliforniacombined. event,therevolutionwhichNapoleonnow holds in check would burst out worse than itNapoleon's Life In Danger.Under the influence of the Pope's letterTea.free. 101 *• 1 P « "so much silver that her home commerce is con- and bishop to the first lamp post orvulsed, her money markets deranged, and her the next tree. Not a vestige ofcitizens liable to be overwhelmed by monetary the temporal power of the Pope would be. left do by tbe humbug statements of Dr. Living-which it is in evidence is " prosecuted to anbe will live long enough to avenge Waterloo through the Commission of the Regit. andhisuncle bythehumiliationofEngland,ttion upon the black republican Governor of long since said, but which was denied &>j a question which time alone can solve. As itIowa for afugitive from justice, then the cloven our contemporaries. Pious Aminidab Sleek, is, the life or death of this remarkable manfootis plainly ahown. The demand is flatly with tears in his eyes, also laments that '.< themajority of all the slavers leaving this country are fitted out in New York and the Easternseems equally pregnant with great events. If be is not prematurely cut off by the hand of the assassin, he will play out the final acts of his grand r6le, and the last shall be greater than tibe first If he falls a victim to religious fana- ticism,bisdeathwillbethesignalforthebreak- ing out of a long peat up revolutionary tor- nado, which will sweep ail Europe, from the Arctic Sea to the Caspian, and from the StraitsUntitled Documentorators effect a double purpose—first, they get Importedslavesareintractableandferocious intheSenate,afewdaysago,bySenator holdofthepeople'smoney,eitherfortheiroweSBXAVOBBcvrxBUrovSTATEINVASIONS.—We ducingthepublictohearthem,theanti-slaveryflour.i BerUated ) Free. < monthly by } /price of wheat)•••••••••••Free.Francehogsheads. Aboutconsumed in Europeis the growth ofthe Unitedtaxed. This, it is stated, he feels inspired to" " ciling the black republican theory and practiceuse and benefit or to promote the cause of re-Thomas M. Tryniski 309 South 4th Street Fulton New York 13069cannibals,entirelydifferentfromthemild, 