 THEN E W YORK SUNDAY MORNING, JANUARY 29, 1860.HERALD.PRICE TWO CENTS.WHOLE NO. 8545. NEWS FROM EUROPE.Ihwisl * * MM u fcv T«t ial thtDAYS LAUR araJJOKL Knfjli§h Opinion* of Presidentl fc •W*#lW'M' »**M*'^N»*^''*ii^^>^*'^**^Probable Faflnre of the Enro-ll nmmmmmr^nnrnmrmnml*m*mm**nm* **'m* >^^*rat* of the:waa east for.sad on nmvmg on board the somvers that expocause of then-:of Negro Valley, after without esasaBBsa. m of Caasnam beldtoIt m aiderablydented through to* of tbe day a aptaaofm Africa will1North* rn republican party to a APPAIES DI WASHDfGrTON. movement Bke that of 1MO,M*wtever,the be bat to deal, tbe ef- tut be » brought tn daily•r 1fancy teat bv seretory • duty a the avoidH Thee roast, tbe new Foreign ions Aspect of Affairs on to reach Pats about the 11thelect htavIt is represented that the dsjeussion was marked by our gtorious Union for at least twelve calendar months.the Continent.nai am,ami AIDianiLii.» t of Oar with Claina.• M # M M M I M A A M M < M W %adinterimatrreistsntrriopte. esaterM.ThwroeaeLthat the gentlemen present would not communicate to thepresstheproceedings,whichwereconsideredintbenatureoffamilyaffairs. Aboatnine-tenthsofthemembers traysageneraloutnaeexpectationofaSpeaker. BattheDemocratsdubious—ailatsea. Republicanshopeful. Basks a hopeful aaoooatea*. btosha etecaad By the phi - rattty on the 157th bsltot, aa tbe td Bshraary, hi their landmark. Only have 87 votings as yet tor Sherman—s margin of ICO hsltoto yet to go oa, aad a week yet m tios matteroftime. Things looking asaaataa they dad then. Helper pretty well Hcnay question pressing bard. Outside hard. We shall fetch itOutside opposition umsei istlses aad aatt-1hard pressed, but Bot despairing. One of no may yet oooss m. Let us keep it up—remember Mahomet sad theSeeaaaaoptea IlthNora Scotism, (rata Liverpool n t h . aad 1Mb s a t . , aii l ted at Perttendof the army in ttsjy, ed as a sign of warn)AU sorts of repertawere carrent as k Vsaace and Rome, hot they were very wholly unreliable.of aadAgitation against theThe Austrian public openly speak of the propriety of selling Venetia.Employers aad government officers hare received orders not to take part to public conversation respecting •he event of the times.PBAMCX.cans hope that when this petal ia reached oae of several gentlemen will take the iSBpuiiiiuUjtWand cast the re- quired vote, one huadredjmd sixteen Ming necessary for a choice.I hear to-night that several Sooth Americans are in- clined to vote for Mr. Pennington, in consequence of the fact that Messrs. Pendtetoa and Cox, of Ohio, declared that Mr. Smith was never a Know Nothing, aad was op- posed to the Order and its principles. This may be pre-has 106, tacking three of an election; the other 110—de mocratic, southern opposition. North American and ant; LeeoBiptonites—being scattered among fifteen different candidates—the major part of tbe democracy going for Boeock.And so the Hrmsw adjourns, and will meet again to-mor- row to tramp the same treadmill. Tbe republicans say that Briggs, Adrain aad Riggs, whose votes would settle the question, are responsible to the country tar this pro- tracted disorganization of tbe House: but Briggs, Adrain and Riggs aay they are under no obligations te vote for Shermanor'anyotherrepublicancandidate. Mr.Bthe- ridge says that within five days we shall have a Speaker, and a good Speaker, and that the Union win be saved. We wish the gentleman from Tennessee may prove to be a prophet.WasHEfovox, Jan. 28,1860.Ike President and hit Cabinet—Measure ef their IndtouiuaXtalents—the Ablest Statesman AmanaU than aetthe MattAmbitious—TheCandidates far theSuccession—The WarThe aews by these arrivab it Ave days advices, aad a of a veryPurser HtOar, of the FulteB, wfD thanfts for the prompt delivery of oarthan preTbe Paris correspondent of the London nsMrssys that a oampany conaasmg of eight orteapriactpaD snntownersa' Marseilles, jost aaWmtassi ttader the name of V M Sseard k Co , had purchased from the companyTbe Faioan brings to oar shores tbe Art* Paraguayan embassy, coastaUiig of hat Excellency Senor Don Joee Berges, Special Envoy aad CemmiaatOEer, Senor Don Ber- narria Omltario, First Secretary of Legal**, Senor Don Antonio Soyas, Second Secretary; Senor DonVara, attache. Saaor Barges ia the•he, same years age at hat asBates to Bio Janeiro, a»the BowLn treaty, aad to arbitrate the question of tadcm- aity to the Uaned Skates and Paraguay Navigation Com-ly,whosedaaa • to hetriedbeforeagoof ratatoaaoam. These dathagtiiehedsister republic below the equator left the city ofoa the 11th of October ia theat steamer J^pai (built in Paraguay), took themad packet at Baanos Ayras onABeaBthof Utter, and reached Southampton en the Tth of De- iccaber. B it presumed that their stay among i s will be rotouged saiil the dose of tbe year, aa they are corn- ed by ITaataent Lopes to bestow saach attentionoar country, ia institutions, development and ro-. 8ameal Ward, ass Secretary ef Mr Bowiin, of the iv e.ipedittou, has retnrned by the Pukoa.Mr E. Maa*eras, editor of the Courier detMmU Pate, • iapaweagar by the Patten.Tan steamship City of Manchester left Liverpool toti s Tort simultaneously with tbe Nova Scottaathe CacaTtomcany had obtained, aad Sicord k Co. pro- pose to tarn to account the metatbe deposits that tbe bra i s eantam, to eat down timber, and to lamjilliti Euro. -.*:CourtThe GcMttx de France had received a first warning fromthe Minister of the Interior. TCSXET.Med the boundary dtepou* between Brazilof railway laborers to execute a railroad ou theef his Administration, 4c • sV.accept oar of the Maritime Canal of Nicaragua the lacda dependeiic co the canal, which form a part of the concession whichTheDukedeGrammoathasdemandedtobereleasedfrom his functions as French Ambassador at tbe Papal vented, however, by Mr. Smith, who, it is said, is indig-It theeeaeBoffrom (be mfcnyardAshmcre. ef South Carolina, of a violation of the Bky sad privileges of this Boose to s report of its proceedings published exclusively the Nxw YOBK BSBALD. This dtaraaattw it iasary tore to repeat & is enough that the resolution of Mr asfiiniiio tor tbe sspulsion of the HSBALB reporters was wnhdrawa. It fa due, however, to Mr. Colfax, a leadtog republican member from Indiana, to say that his 'emart? m this connection coaserning other newspapers than the Hsauui, and to behalf of tbe Kberty ef the press, were in gees tsste, in good —ton, and pot this whole matter in .ia proper shape ef a collective and iatparttalbeamed gentlemen at the Secretary ef •""acuities cfnterepay a peroral ft_ vsttous tmnrmn in the .. CoagTisw will preet by too to too recommeBdatioas. If acted and'_ ••tears"great good aceomp tehed, and gttw scoot trstton at the *xr*ik>nt **r*tary. aid compensate htm ;n a greet degree for " tios to the public service, ft is a aasotbe deaths, and it iheeabeto.andfooothermreefrwnscurvyLord Cowley bad returned to Paris. The Patric any* of wool were demanding sa advases.htomsainatoloaaBa wastraiycaa of isspamiioo S o arepreeested by cow> authority to have announced that Canal Waaswaki'i raflremeat very materially facilitated ratabonaoetaeoa thePantasteof FranaeAt BshartTowa floor was animated aad selling at £20 a £ 9 per tea.TUB LATEST NEWS.LoBDCW, Jan, 13, I860.Tm POPS9 aussrvB- AND CAMBOOBBTSTheftanxrsMtheonlypaperallowedtopublishthe Pope s discourse. The impression produced by the Pon- tifical missive » generally favorably regarded at Parts, aad produced nearty as much sensation as the pamphlet.The Indiftmiamce -Beige says that there waa no founda Wen for the statement that Marshal Canrobert was to be seat oa aa extraordinary ntianon to Rome, and that he has already returned to his commend at Nancy.HALT. *The aspect the Italian question has assumed cause 1prepsaitian. A tow gentlemen were inclined to adhere of tbe folly of this everlasting speech making—that notIt was reportad that the Duke de Grammoni would behartwealdprobablyastoBeneasBBthsasadflr aadcom- mander of the Preach troops.The latest raaaara from Parte any that General Canro-de Graauncat, bat that he would carry to the Papal go-expressed their mtentioB to support Mr. Pennington, while the others remained silentcall ef the first half dozen names of the toll diatipatee this iamey delusion. Tbe call of the roll progresses—it te half past tour o'clock—the groat quadrangular frame workoffrostedglasswhichservesthepurposesofaceil- ing<e skylight window by day, and a lantern by night, • lighted op with gas, and the fading twilight m the report-vsrneaeat propos&ions which, if rotates*, waaU be fol-STATE (IT TIE AMERCAN PRODUCE MMKETS, lowed by aa order lor the evacaatioa of Boss* by the much rejoicing at Venice aad Milan.if he could get Mr. Allen, of Ohio, and Messrs. Davis aad sky at tbe moment the disc of the great sun sinks beaind the horiaon- The call of the roll is finished sadBohnaa, of Indiana, to vote for him, as tbe republicans tbe result te anything but tbe election of aTm ueamahtp tiasrtna, from Boston, arrived at Qosens- declared to them that be would never fail in the mission efiected on the part of the public. At the same time thereWith the exception of Governor Floyd, General Cass,and, perhaps, one other member of the Cabinet thePresident s counsellors are bis most unscrupulous rivals,or. they wonta be. if the President bad not already de-clared his fixe-i determination to abandon piibbc life at the. one on the right, the other on the left of the centra: atata close of his administration. At any rate, they are anxious- as you enter, within arm's tengUi of each other, sit ly macn-'ivrxg tor the succession; while, strange to gay, Seward and Mason. Fearful proximity—th* chief ofn at 130 A. M-, aad at Liverpool at 1030 P. M., on 9tn .ist.which Gad had entrusted him with, bat that, like his pre- deeeesor, Pius TIL, he would suffer exile and even BMrtyrdem rather than do so.1recruits has recently been transferred from Jefferson Barracks to the companies of the First cavalry serving inMeantime, in tbe outer circle cf the senatorial seats,d Affaires HewasFirstSecretaryordered aad made—s vote te ordered for Speaker, end whitetheClerkispreparingtocalltheroll,theincreas- ing throng in the galleries pushiag to at every door, be-the Parte Bourse bad shown some improvement, bat s other departiaents of the Stock Exchange showedrestate oeopsed on the 10th; the mat price was 68f. 45c. a tendency to depression. Tbe demand for The market stain showed symptotas of improvement at discount continued active, but occasional transactionsthe close. \ .owners, who desire to keep the Post Office where it atCaleb Cuehing, W. C N. Swift and General Whitney,Mr. Buchanan's Cabinet The orderly arrangement of hte topics, mapping out the whole subject in tbe most ex- haustive manner, the perspicuity and directness of his statements, the soundness of his views, and the wisdom of his suggestions, display ability of the highest order. He leaves cothme ambiguous, nothing to be desired, in order to a fell understanding of the condition and rfqufre- mects of his department The report ia lucid, compre- hensive, satisfactory—in all respects an admirable State paper.troubles of Use democracy Very great trouble, looking down to Chsrlestoc. Great hipee of sometfiing from that cabal of spoilrrongers. but only a small hope for the "Little Giant"What next* Only a stump speech from Senator Witeon,'amocs somewhat Tor making shoes. A campaign speech this, or for Btmromb*, as they say. For what else tnia labor, this «manmm gnStenmn. this pmt yamrtat indictments, specifications, speeches, platforms a n d newspaper extracts against the disunion democracy* Good stufi for republican tempers—standard matter for fro quent reading Disunion dei_ '-rate matter, aet sad reekmg from the oven of tbe "stave power." Terrible "slave power," sine qua nam—nigger" in all the Territo- ries, or disunion and a free fight—disunion, too, ifThe •toasaship Xortn Asaeriean, frost Partlaad, arrivedQii«n»tr«wn at 4JO A. M. on the 10th instant, aad was The Pope is said to have addressed another note to al and no considerable receipts are expected immediately, BTL.TAR7 COCBTS BARTUL.LTfrpool early the following morning, unable to get \ owes to the fog.the Catholic Powers, except Sardinia. either from New York or Australia. Owing to the sup- A court mortal has been appointed to meet by order of their more mo<.e«t compeers present claims as far more '•the irrepressible conflict'' and tb- an^or of the Fugi- Rumors bad been current of an intention on the part of ply ef money from dividends, the demand for discount baa the W ar Department at Fort Laramie, on the 16th day of meritorious a.-5 tn>ir regard for decency is more com- tive Slave law , side by aide. No dan<rer bot what inge-THE ETJBOPEAN CONGHES&A Pars despatch says it was becoming every day morethe Pope tc quit Borne, but the Paris Patrk g^res a denial to she reportnot been large, and at tbe Bank a moderate amount of business has been transacted The railway market also experiences a little heaviness, final prices of nearly all the principal stocks being a fraction lower than yesterday. Consulsckaedat95-„a954 formoney,96',foraccount,February nest, or as soon thereafter as practicable, for the trial cf Lieutenant Caleb Smith, Second infantry, and such other prisoners as may be brought before it Themendable. N >t at all restrained by consideration* of duty and delicacy, the attitude of one member of the Cabinet is that ci semi-nostility to the iutecuuve.nioug man of cruelty devised this punishment to each of these unfortunate meny Imagine Booby Brooks and Arch- bishop Hughts ,n the »aaie seat of a railroad ear, or Ho- race Greeley and Charles O'Oonor vvta-riw th» dance; orOldBuckandtheChevalierWebb intoesamepew,ire corvespca.teat of the London Times says the chances Tuscany.no change in its rate of discounttlVEBPOOL COTTON MARKET.The sales of cotton for U>e three days were 21.000 bales, cf which 3,000 were taken oy speculators and for export. Tbe market eiose«i on Tuesday quiet but steady, holdersofferinir the?r stocks freely, apt not pressing sales. TheadvicesfromManchestercontinuedofa favorablecharacter, cawing steady and firm for cloths and yarns.LJVEBFOOL BKEArSTCFFS MAitKBT. Richardson. dpence &Co. quote dour dull at a declinetarns Love11, Gardiner and Starr. Lieutenants Merchant, things about him for a single Qour. It is base disloyaltv. this juxtaposition of Seward and Mason, from day to day,' tbe C egress meeting were of the most shadowy kind. A French journal—the (hmuone JftihosMl* which was areaed to speak with some aathortty, beneves that if uy tedded for the annexation of the north and centre sh- Italianpeninsula,Sngiandwouldg!adlyacceptthe i t a u c a , white France would accept it with still resttr eagerness, on condition that Savoy aad NiceIt is sen! that France rapports the protest of Piedmont agitinet the enlistment of foreigners for the Papal army, and particularly against tbe wholesale introduction of InateTSB recruits into Arenas.IlwasbelievedthatthePapaltroops,reiafcrcedbythe Antsrisns, would enter the legations, and in that case Sar- dinia would send a force to the aid of the Roman insnr-Hoi inlay and Muilins. A similar court has been ordered to meet at Fort R.iey on the 10th of February, for the trial of such prisoners as may be brought before them.net to say ingratitude fur the creatures of ihe executive to be pletting anu counterplotting >n his very presence, an>i using tin beurty to compass their own selfish ends, in utter disregard of tueir sworn ieaity and tbe paramount obligations of fidelity and friendship When before was it ever heard of, that a Cabinet officer pissed himself in antagonismtothePresident,anddaredtorecommendin his report one set of measures, while the message of his chief recommended another? Secretary Cobb has done tii>. and the President has permitted it Good taste, atmontb to month, and year to year, under all the provo- cations to clinch, and all the r»«traints of dignity and de- corum senatorial. (X Seward, we should say he regsrdeth Mason with a cool indifference, and of Mason, that he contemplatrth Seward with the brotherly love of a South ern overseer for a Yankee pedlar of abolition tracts.Jfr Preston King's investigating committee intothe alleged bargain and sate of the Senate printing between Wendell, Bowman and ethers a thus composed—Mr. King, Chairman. Messrs. Slidei!. Anthony. Powell and Kennedy—two republicans, two emocraw aad one Soothweud be rastorad to her. The Opvmme does not antici gcato-of fid. since Friday. The quotatious are 24s a 22s. Wueat aaiwn of the Black Sepullimm Party—Mr. Wilson tit the least, would induce a modest man to defer his pretensions.dull at easier but not quota*)ly lower prices red. 9s. 4d. .» Senate, en the Democratic Diamianutt—Mr. Boteler. of The President has some claims to the compliment of a re American. A fair committee Mr King they say, is justtaa: the Cabiaet of Tunn would object; and afterrgmag inat neither Austria, Bosaia nor Prussia has toe isg sis army.ipkyad agasast Mexico, exertaaed no rn MeTcaa ataak, ewtog to thekaowteLoiroow,Jan.11—P.M. Consols closed at 96>« a 963, for money and 96J, a U5 -, for accounL There are rumurs of a prooa^ie auvance ui>eftfcer praisetheyaccordtheThe taaeral ef Lard Maaaaiey took paaasatalarm was promply given, and the firemen soon arrived sad tie treaty of Zurich, aad in her tern fcrces aad got to work. Aa effort waa made to get the vessel•artOof assayefS i e ^ l J tIMgaascuttle her, sad in a short time tike water was Sowing inpretty freely oa the starboard ride, when she careenedover against we dock. Tbe firemen worked weD and did ty n the way of redundant ornament; he ia a represents all tbey could to prevent tbe spread of tbe fire, but not-withstanding their eflbrta, it a feared nearly all the cargowill be destroyed. Tbe afaip had almost completed herCalifornia, -*• *wmn*sT**t*r*\ •asBS,WWMcCoy—and 133mOteiAUSTRIA.Charges were rife against Austria of disguised interven-tioninItaly.IA Nmri directs Attention to the recruiting going on iaTienraforthePontiiicalarmyundertheeyesefthe backratesofdiscount.Auserat government. An Austrian General directs las LoxDox, Jan. 12—? M set rest is say degree on the win of the PreeVdaat operations. They choose the best soldiers disbanded on Consols 96;, a S6;4 for money, and 96 4 a aa,1* for ac-Proa Havre via Southampton, in the iExeeliavcy hevnr Von, Joae Barges and suite, tfrom Paraguay loth* Catted ffi-tiw. Mi tniliew aad fatallf. Chaa ASreoa. 3 J Albert, A Beyer, D Baker, J Bteekw Hoorv Berger and lady. E M Benjassm, A Broullaad, E CCenter, J P Cabasno. A Caervet, C Oooote, Bev M Duraad, Raw H Da- rand, Edward Dunn, L Desoi, C Baal, L Faunae and Udy. Jaccount of the redaction of their own- army, and the ableofficers wheat SSMH'MI are aow available ia of peace. It is just aa if tbey had formed aaauxiliary corps of iUte of their veteran troops, and trans foratsa them by a mere cassgr of ankarm into the army ef the Pope.THE 1JVEBPOOL PACEET SHIP JOHN J. BOTD— sense of the galleries was mare strongly inclined in thiswith regard to the Indians, somewhat on the principle of Out A (lardser, Mrs Otosey. G Owed. A Ooure, B HaroohBteajse declaresankCabiaetthat Ittd de-tivc of tbe fiery, imaginative, restive and impetuous peo pie of South Carolina, and we must consider this before we pronounce against h a exhausting earnestness, bis exls*AUSTRALIA. Intelligence from Melbource ts the 19th oftwo days later than the regular mail advices, are received Flour was steady, aad in barrels ranged from 33s. a 34sced, thai m view of the complexion of the vote in the House yesterday, he wished his friends to understand that be would not stead ia tbe way ef anyvotes could hetested, sad to that end urges' his friends not to hesitate oabat to vote for s a y l whom enough votes could be concenamted to electThere.was no vote taken to regard to Mr. Sherman'ssame. Members took fagged—half mad and half«aa tbey enter the doors Tbey ttotoa to the chaptaia's petition to tbe Throne of Grace respectfully bat gloomily.California wheat was selling at as.At Sidney flour bad declined te £30 per ton.bat:ly colored with out and out these questions are parriedThe first electoral college of tbe latter pisee chose Countwithout tbe votes of the flouto Americans, Briggs aadelements of the majority opposed to them areap-Stopped off b y that round robin.men generally well off—men ofsiege Many republicans and democrats short, very of funds, and suffering from the tend sharks lenders despotic. **ntsia> pressure cailtog for a Bound to come When they find out thatcome is they will come to Corwin, Gilmer orGo ahead!Ballot takes, as they call tt. Pretty much the old thing. A little more scattering of the anu Sherman etosaeaas. Sherman column firm. —"The whole of Oregon or noaa." Another bailor—about the same as the test A Lute fili- bustenng. Virginia democrat says next time he will Smith, old whig, okl line whig, of North Carohaa.good man—conservative—clean of pilch aad tar of KnowNothmensm. "Calltheroll" "Adjourn.""No, no, no." Call the roll. Try Smith. No oae; it will end in smoke. Let's adjourn. Adjoarnmeat shouted down. A&oiber ballot Wind still northwest The House adjourn*. Democrats looking irrounlward as they come out, thinking bard, peradventure, of a toag siege son a final caving in; or of the abaas ratio return ef oasV petre. Tired, they, of booting bushes where there la never a bod—so UMmala body stick te theirmeets KeruLlxauis wroth, exceedingly, withAdrain and Riggs, presuming men, who will vetsis no inherent weakness in tbe market from over supplyof stock, and much of the datassa weald dtaappear ifthere was a prospect of gold arrivals during tbe next fewdays, sufficieut to meet tbe constant drain to India. the Department of Texas. Further sums continued to be withdrawn from the Bank,Seward or any other black republican should be ad- vanced to tbe east off shoes of old Buck.Holderso fday rightparently in a state of confusion worse confounded than m Para the appointment of MrMahon to the aaaasaaad Cavoar as its randirtate after previously obtaining his Clark, of New York, or Davis, ef Indiana. The republi- ever before. 216 votes are cast, of which John Shermannant that such a declaration eras made when be could not refute it himself, being at the time under a pledge, as a candidate, not to answer qaestiona or to reply to aay charges.They had already sent to Nicaragua from IU-two vessels with 190 patBUBS, aaasssaag of eu-, cfaeatists sad workasen of dnTerant trades. It toa is Inriasslsg M waa supposed that iruad Pacha tion on the part of some ef the Northern and Western osaid that flat cnaspsny had besides enga^M a -Acold soon Be dismissed.as>PasasfActive preparations are being made for the comp,eaun oftheSuescanalMAHSKLIXS, Jan. 11,1S00. Letters from Constantinople announce that public ag:ta-It a not by any asaaaa certain that tbe democrats will continue te adhere to Mr. Saath. There te a strong disposi-MLUaon. This coarse Mopposed by many of the SouthernParaguay. B e aow ooaaes to omaange raliltrationsof lathmsB of Btvas, which separates Lake Nicaragua fr»e The steamer Boruaata, from New York, arrived at South- men, who do not behave thaw they can concentrate the The Message of the President is admitted on all handsMOVEMENTS OP gTBAMXRS.ampton on the morning of tbe 12th.The steamer Pera had arrived at Southampton, fromsame vote on any other manIt is stated on good authority that the three democrats,to be a model document In transparency of diction, pu- forays, Brown conspiracleo, and black underground rail-Alexandra38thDecember,MaltaJanuary3,aadGibral- MessrsDavisandEohnanofIndiana,andAllenofOhio,rity of language, vigor of thought and simplicity of style—tosaynothingofitscompactlogic,andofthecommendingdignity of its patriotic counsels—it is unsurpassed, and pre-sents a standard of comparison unfortunately high for menof the moderate abilities of Messrs. Cobb and Thompson.those ambitious aspirants, who, under the shadow of theirchief, are an busily scheming to supplant him. The report vention. That a the meaning of it. Southern men veryA chapel m connection with the Eagfiah ehnrch in Pxria,after betcg opened for two years, had been i ; anlycjosed by the French autfaoritwe, it was believed on accjpisat of a abort service having been given in Fre.. :a forthe benefit of the children of British subjects who do dency. OB the 11th there was considerable beavmess,ask understand English. and consols ware teat quoted at 96l a 96,J, for Postmaster Capen, of Boston, is here looking after histar January 7.TheCOMMERCIAL INTELLIGENCE. LONDON MONEY MA M E T .to vote for Mr. Smith.' THl BOSTON OFFICE BOLDKBS ON THS HOVBStock Exchange h a d exhibited a droopingten-ticklish cm State rights—afraid, too, perhaps, of adding4money, and 96^, s 9o,4» for account The own interests as against thostof the State street real estatecombustibles to Northern agitation, to following Mr. Doug-took place below the bank minimum. Attention was Superintendent of the United States Arsenal at Spring-drawn to the fact that the buliioa at tbe Bask of Eng-land was nearly £80,000 below the lowest amount field, Mass.. are here locking after the CoUectorship ofThe Paris floor market was dull, bat prices were notreduced. Wheat also was doll, and rather tower for in- touched throughout last year. This is ascribed to the Boston.ITALY.The news of Count Watewski'a resignation had pro•doped a very painful impression on tbe Pope Be called together the principal members of the Sacred College, andenormous imfcrution sad the creation of the Indian se- curities. Tbe impression bad got abroad that the bank would probably soon raise its rate of discount. The new Canadian loan closed at about three per cent premium. The applications for it were equal to twenty-two millions sterling, nearly eight times the amount needed.The London lima city article of the evening of the 11th says —Consols to-day declined ;3 , and several sates wereMr. Afpleton, Assistant 9*retary of State, has gone to Boston to arrange the CoUectorship. The candidates are quite numerous, and the straggle very fierce. It is possi- ble Mr. Appleton may yet accept tbe position, notwith- standing he declined it when first tendered him.B1UTASV BttVKSEXre.By order of the War Department a detachment of sixtyNewpamphlets againstthetemporalpoweroftheibtful whether the Congress would assemble; and the Pope have been published in the Legations and ia and Sid', a 96 -i for tbe new threes. The Bank has made following officers compose tbe Court —Major Deaa, Cap stand: and no President oughl to tolerate such a state of and yen have an idea of discomfort Notuing all this teThe King of Naples was reported to be largely incress-err, w.it ervHgit to latorfere,saya tt tsassnri 1 that Letters from Genoa speak of the probability «f hostili- Provisions dull and sales unimportant. Lard dull but dens St-.-ens Locates the BuponsHihty in tht Whit*. Cobb is a man ol mediocre talents A lolly. genial Georgiaf caaib nation • serkmaiy entertained by the gTvsrn- ties being resumed in Italy. unchanged in price. Tallow m m .u 6£s for batchers .House—Mr Eikerxdge Brings the Hoikse to a Vote—The politician, be had fairly reached his zenith when be was elected to the Speakership ol the Bouse Ji Representatives.us ei Laadon aad Paris.GREA T B B i r A l N .Big an papers had net said snach in regard to the pssit'.cLt s leasage, as the docament only reached Lon- It&d :»/ before the atoamer aaOsd, aahoogh a briefraf-ic anmaaary from QaseaatowB had beeniy pubbshed. sr*no4»rThe Unaon As3« N»m, eoaasaeniiag on the summary. ITS that there appears n o reason to ecsspsnn of the„.r. which the iTtandcat deals with the general re- kietween Englaad and the United States.'.-atheLaadoa Isaesoty article it m remarked that rresidcat'a recosimen^atioE. that military force beTh« London HwssfcPi c a y artteie resasrrs that the Maa> . a the taaneSal aspect, was not regarded as of a nope- fharaetor, laJsnlaWy aa reference to any deackancyituchdLghtWadtoaaiacressamiamsrtdunes.I T n which the Pntodeat has trasted the San Joan dav n.«. Hfhhak* he oagatto have exnaciUy disapproved Barneys seocaedfag, aHheagh it regards the praiseclear, ringing voice, though from his present style of . • ried to the Britjsh Adaurii as by imrirnratton a riova dangers to peace, aad on Assam herself. By break nated among the cotton stowed on the lower deck. An wearing his hair long, and combed back behind Ins ears,wmmittee has organised manifestations in the neighbor steady. Coffee steady. Rosin steady, at 4s. 3d. for comC o r o n e r * ' l a o j m e s t s .tres of Anoona aad Bessie are especially mentioned. Oa an advance to 36a. Oils quiet.the authorities appealing in their boxes the spectators left LONDON P30DCCE MAHKET.this mcrting. "Well, what did you think of Mr. Keitt?" Secretary Thompson has made a report easily under-inquest yesterday on the body of Amel a Eedgworth, a child two years of age, whose death was caused, as Fri- day evening, by tbe sdmmtetermg of arsenic to her by Ler mother, in mistake tor rhubarb. A verdict rendered ai accordance #ith tne facts.Fxix DOWN Sraxss.—On Friday a man nameiMcFail fell down tbe stairs on the outside of hat reai-deoce, 1211 Wee: Forty second street, and struck open hishead, causing a fracture of the skull, from the eaecto of which be 'lied in a lew hours. An inquest wa- held by theCoronerArriesvia and Departures. ABEITAL*.lBegar, unchanged, coffee, steady, tea, very ilrm. but ae theatre, as if m accordance with a preconcerted ar- transaction* ^mail, rice, firm, saltpetre, steady, and talwas the general remark among the multitude passing down from the Capitol this afternoon.The answers were S3 varied as the party or sectional character of the various individuals of the motley throng TheSouthernultraswouldsaythatin lecturing TomCor win for making a farce of tbe solemn and critical melo drama now going en in the Bouse and the country, K At bit the nail on the bead, and that, in his expositor; at tbe Hagrsnt aggressions of tbe North, and the perilous attitude of tbe South, he has spoiled tbe unseasonable jokes of the datinguishedOhiocomedisn. Therepublicanadmirersof Corwin would say, "Oh: this speech of Keitt is the thrice- told tale of South Carolina abstractions. and fire and fury, signifying nothing ' The Sooth American would content himself with the cart opinion, "that there is something more in Keitt than we expected to find." The generalstood m itself, but. when we come to analyse it, strangely at variance with the tacts and in palpable conflict with the statements made by the Secretary of War. Por instance, tht Secretary of the Interior tells us that we are at peace with the Indian tribes upon our borders, and assures us that we have nothing to fear from tbe hostilities of any ^andsofsavagesorganizedforpurposesotmischiefagainst our frontier settlements. The Secrete<-y of War states exactly the reverse cf this, and we know his statement to be the true one. He speaks of the continued hostility of theIndians. Hisreportsays:—"Thewarwhichtestyear was going on with tbe Oomancnes and Kioeas is still un- finished, but the theatre of it is extended from the western partofourTexanboundarytotheregionlyingtowards the head waters of the Arkansas and Canadian rivers." How are we to reconcile these contradictory assurances' The whole difficulty lies just here. In the organration of the Interior Department tbe Indian Bureau was placed under its control—a stupid arrangement, which most always work badly, bat one which nobody seems dis- posed to remedy, feat department inaugurated a policyrangement/'Tae tiieatree of Venice had been clone*.', owing to politi-low firm.Cotton—Satestions barely maintained.Breadsiufis dull and sales unimportant Provisions dull. »calaemonstntions.12— h.OOO bales. Y esterday'sM.count.Fires ia Neve York.FTEB AT PIER NO. 6 NOETH SIVER—BTENISG OPEBTOJLOSS ON THE CARGO AND SHIP ABOCT 3165,000. Between five and six o'clock yesterday morning a lire was discovered hi tbe hold of the anip John J. Boyd, tyingdirection; and the ladies present would say, by a decided maionty, that, "with a sprinkling of the anecdotes of Cor win, Keitt would be more than a match for him."moral suasion, sufficiently sentimental to suit the aottons of ihe moat ultra nun resistant,and sufficiently convenient for practising frauds and peculation upon the government to enable it, by means of its peace establishment of agents aad storekeepers and distributors of gratuities, to en- trench itself strongly m public favor. Corruption is nowhere so rank aa to tbe Indian Bureau. Tbe sentimental gentlemen who took after tbe interests of the "Poor Indian" grow fat by their paitenthropy and I know of nothing more touching than the affectionate alacrity with which they betake thsasaarvea to New York several times a year, for the purpose of pro- currng their own presents, anl the trtoketa, blankets, firearms, be., that the government magnanimously dis- tributes among tbe frontier savages. Thus we alternately fight and feed the red men. Tbe Indian"the anas with which its proteges may whip the War De- partment The case has actually occurred that white c a r troopshavebeenbattlingbravelywiththevernment baa been affording aid aad comfortown forces, and fiwi«h^ anas for theirThis accounts for ear protracted Iniian troubles,can expect nothing bettor so long aa the two 'exsrek* co ordinate jurtediction. The remedy is easily ap- plied. Let Congress place Oaeexclusive control of the Secretary of War. Let it be done atcnce;ttdah*OTtghafewmdividaBtewinioroquisitos, s rotten limb will be lopped off, sad the country at large, aa well as the Indians, will be lauaeaosly bene- fitted.Tbe doubt, tbewinch a hasty resort to the would hrtogupon bias.be hicapaad»dj RFHavUacd,John A laettaandoaa,MrsJamass, B L Knox. G Koeuig. G C Lovell and lady, P C Looser aad family, P W Lsgastt,F WLowe, 0 La—in J stayer. Bates- SBraa. daughter and servant Bev A atebao, B Miiiliim—i. W P Moio, C Oa, lady and child, A ferret M Parana. C A Lee, B Roilta, Ur C M Simpson. B P saalby A CPerron,JfimoteMlri,Ct Btaaa.CHToaws.MrsIand servant. J W Tucker B Tram « Varet Mrs Tan i K V Weicfc. L Wed. 8 Ward, t flwiawi—a Oat B A j USA;TfTaawel-Toau 81From Galway vtaRt Johaa BT, in t IBsFannySmith,MB*TeresaMs .O Stevens, Mist bioksa, G MeMara, J Hemp are; Toole.Le Nerd add*:—Tbe wadset of the Cabinet of Viennasa tlss occasicn is net merely dMhoaorabla, it entaiat se at pier No. 6 North river. Prom appearances it origi- Mr. Keitt is a man of fine presence,good address, atrong,ing her word lasttla tears ap the prattaekssrtos of Villa- totobyand from his present style of a copious and flowing beard,we find the Congressional beau of a recent date transmog clearofthedock,butthetidebeinglowitwasfound(to- rifiedintotheCongressionalpatriarch. Hisappearanceise f t b sa tbeasreesaentofYilmfraacaorMessyefDakeaaadflMtrpossible to move her. Aa ssteaapi waa then made tocemparatively venerable. He blends in himself the com maoamg presence ef s Roman Senator and the resound- ing eloquence of s Methodist preacher. He ia a young man, aad therefore we must aBow himsomething of liber-agtatsisrfm Deipstteb. I WASBLVOTC-.V, Jan. » , 18S0arra or TBB RKFTBUT-UW.Tbe repubficana aad cthejr aupportera of Mr. Sherman held a caucus to-day, ia g p kail ef the Boose of Bepre- , to consider what they will do ia future m re-jadgment' Mr. Stevens, of Penneyrvaaia—Tbaddeas Stevens, of hia heart.gard to the Speakership. bers were presentOne hundred and elevenCmu Emaminatiem—Mr. WOsem'tto Mr. Sherman until it waa clearly demonstrated thatenough votes could be obtained tor some other man tohaving voted for two weeks, tbey should now resolve to de nothing but vote for a Speaker for t*o weeks, for that iftbeyadoptthisidea,heissureofagoodSasakar before the two weeks will have expired, and or the continuance ofOnedifficultytotbewaywasthatC.&Cochranewouldnot be paired on Monday; but it was stated that Mr.Cochrane would he paired. This announcement de- er's gallery of a moment ago, is instantly succeeded by aveloped tbe fact that Mr. Saatth could not be elected, evensoft and grateful ilrnmtostion, like that from tbe WesternOurJfr Knit in (he House., in J&fty to Oorwin. and m Denun.tosailforLiverpooliaafewdays.The uberantadjectivee,hisflirretaaiiruTatlcaadhisbroadsh the fire a said to have originated, had been a few days. The ronowing is s Bat of tbe tof the cargo:—600 bates cotton, l.TBObbta.'. *44 do. beef, 16,000tasBSSBigram,aad » belongs to various parties, aad is aa> to be worth aboatflSiywl K ti said to he partly The vessel is owned by WOHam Tyson. It tsI and t70.000, and is said to be to for•al will probably amouat to about I -s^BSjp* aw eBjBBBB, aflgsTCosts to abide tbe eventsad sweeping specineations against tbe doctrines, tbe drift and Unartsiignrsof the black republican party.We leave him at hat task, satisfied upon oae point at tenet, that Mr Keitt has shows that Mr Corwin has not charmed away the spirit of tbe South from the " irrepres- sible ecBttct" which is upon Stoat. S o t w e perceive that Senator Witoon baa drawn away to tbe other ead of tbe Capaoi the republican aide of the House, sad ws mastto see what the " Natick cobbler'' is doingmmWashingtonWASHI»<;TOX. Jan. 26, lSdO.lua.; white, 9s. ed a l i s . tkl. Corn dull and very diffi- nomination: at a. events, it is rather degrading to have to cult to sell yelluw, 31s. a 22s. the Harper'} Ferry Distrixt. Makes a Diaersion—lnad contest the matter with one of his Ministers. The fact is, Mr.the man, and te just in tile humor to sift this ' unimwi to the bctt m. and we may Icok for some ve-y tunny reve- lations w the course of a month or so touching the lobby di vieicts of this printing spoils and plunderAl despatch from Bologna says.—"The revolutionary LITMBPOOL PKQDrCB MARKET.Ashes quiet, at 27s. 8d. for pots Sugar steady Ricf"Mr. Keitt s speech in the Bouse to-day" was the gene-ing papal provinces. Those which took place in the thea- men Spirits of turpentine tirm and hollers demanding ral remark among the multitude pasting up to the Capitol to shine in a Cabinet.THE LATEST MARKETS.Li KB.PU.JL. Jan.P . quota-to-daydid Story, <tc.For anything beyond that, BOthicg but extraordinary goodfortune could prevent bis writing himself down incompe-ftent. He is clever enough for a Congressman, but too dull • PoTsn:ntp BT Mnmnt—Coroner Jaotman held aah the - democratic disumosnsts.'' jubilees.Thomas M. Tryniski 309 South 4th Street Fulton New York 13069We find mm realUntitled DocumentCorrespondence.Tberpaechef Mr ia esamraattenal dteriuaatea ef athe Lancaster, or Mr. Buchanan's district—takes the Hoar. Be m regarded on all sides as a "tog chief" of tbe repub hnaa camp, aad as one having authority, aad so tbe mem- bers crowd around him from every direction. Mr. Ste- vens speaks eet very plainly. He believes that all this terriblecommotionofusedissolutioneftheFaionteal! bash, intended te frighten tbe old women, and ok! men ia petticoats, aad obi misers of tbe North, to order to bolster op the Northern democracy. He charges the Preskirn. M bring the manager of the democratic tactics ti prevent the stectioa of a republican Speaker, bat thinks that, under the circumstances, the republicans would be jas tilled m sucking to their candidate, if the House should not be organised till tbe crack of doom: aad so on.One or two Southern men proceed td tram examine Mr. Stevens upon his anti-slavery antecedents, which arePnarmIbslsp—Pasinmt if the Parties and (heir Calnilafens O'er Doings in the Senate—Mr. Demaias Honied Urn Jarabolitionism, off, Mr. Sta. subsides, aad a man with an eye to Mr. Etharidge, ef Tennessee, proceeds, like a ktod and indulgent schoolmaster, to admonish the HouseThe proceedings commence Mb gttsssBerAll the opposition elements, witn s fewto go en with tbe treadmill round for aaemecrais practise their round robinof fiBbuetering. Motions to suspend tbe call, ayes aadto adjourn, yeas and nays. Time kiOrag ds- Wbat for: To gain tier to exhaust the •B*A11partiesoftbeHouse,bygeneral consent,appearto SouthAmericansaadantLecomptoeJteB—tostarvei much spirit and earnestness, and that a request was made accept tbe propeatttoB thus mode n call of the House te into a capTto'atiesby such pair can secure oaa hundred and fifteen votes, Speaker. The repuhlicsas stand their ground, but the mountain. No chance tor a democrat Plurality ratademocrats to leave him, with s view of trying to elect Mr.Department as Conducted by Secretary Floyd—Efficiency own wayLook into the Senate' Mr. Jefferson Davis has hauled ap Mr. Douglas for a cross examination Nice issue. State nght£ vs. federal jumdicuon, touching John Brownwm, on the next ballot, cast their vote for Mr. Smith. Senator Douglas was active on tbe floor of tbe House during the voting yesterday, laboring to induce his friendsof the Secretary of War, however, svArs nothing bycontrast With the Message, and ia immeasurably superior las in thistiling—jealous, too,of Dwigtas. and want to head to the foggy and meagre exhibits of other members of him off. Greatest trouble, this Little Gtaat, of all theIttswrittenthatahousedividedagainstitselfcannotbeabtetoHarpers Ferry and tr Utah. ai_8as Jasa oa Sta PacificLtoted slike is Cccgroas aad amoag tbe people, with boidtagceerying andand to*ms^m^w®of the SiegeThe hum&l Dmmaif tht• SmtOurnSpeech Jinr Buncombe—Fearful Pramimity efMmon and Seward—Mr. Prestm vesticjadng G. mmittee, 4c.Snow storm. Skies darkKingsPrintingroads. Douglas chjjv-d with mi'iropi tweutlag Presi- dent. Douglae explains. Talk of bair-sphSBag betweea theSouthandSouthwestaide. Douglashiyourman. liens not satisfied—don't like the federal scheme of Doutiteo for punishing Brows plots and underground rail- road agents. State rights in tbe wav. Bayard, at Dela- ware, thjiks so too Has Mr. Douglas overdone thie thing? Perhaps. Not very promising, this, for Charleston Con» — ° www.fultonhistory.com 