 .inquiry•ip.VOL.IX—^NO.2664. FROM WASHINGTON.HH HOMRSTEAD BILL IN THE SENATE.NEW-YORK,WEDNESDAY.APRIL4. I860.PRICETWOCENTS.—WITHASUPPLEMENT.f^CMk •fMT. Wflkinson, of MJnnesota. can be madetiy the Presidentmore arduons their labors would be in consequence maintained, in opposition to Messrs. MoCLiaHAiro tion, a dead letter Nobody!I" Noreplied, ;'? adding that no man would have ist, and a lar^e majority of her sons have no legalbenefitsto throw dia withMr. Jesetss (In hi^ seat) was understood to say, " Idaredio make such a proposition to bUn. Witness right to earn their bread from tbeir mother earth.fSensatlcn.}monism and what polygamy or any other ci Ime can- not evade. But this non-resident law, though it mayUcan?Mr. Hn-i—It Is Anti-Christian ?—KpXICO.Bombardment of Teim Craz—Ita Efleeta fa tbe City—Cmptare of an Amaraatftoa Timlawas then asked if be bad not vtiitten to Mr.vrglBf him io sustain the President's LecomptonMl.poBey.dncehis (BuT^awoKTs's} letters, he would produceOar present land system has a tendency to increase the spirit of monopoly and of speculation, and neto see it and thought the Government changed,HOnSE OF REPRESENTATIVES. WASHnroTolt, Tuesday, April 3.leave,andexplained,tbe Commltice objecting, that •,publicanselves in these two land districts rpeoplewithin the next twenty-fonr hoars. The reprecenia^repliedThe House resumed the consideration of the of forever. He would ilketoseethe Government ordain .4nti-PoIyg»my bllLtbat if Ifr. HASsnr wouldpro-myif we this amendment and subject these passof local law. It will be suffi-againstthe replies, and these would answer the tkeCommittee. TheCommitteepromisedtoseeMr.Bsweied that he had for the same reason that he had eentrlbnted money in IS56 ; he ttioaght the success oftbe l>eBocratic Party conducive to the ofUiecountry,andhadlaboredforAatsuccess. The Committee again reminded tbe witness tbat they o'alyat 1well as civll, reserving till 1854 the right of revisingi;<Ihad done so, but he should mention no samea. The Committee ingoired if he had not given leave fof absence to the employees of the As- say OiEce, tbat they might go into Mr. Habsins ' District, and electioneer and vote against that gentleman. Witness replied that he had given suchsay^^^^^^ Correspondent.nearlyKansas-Nebrakapnenmed,attend' a stale of MntiKOH, with his battery of long-range gans plantedWiiness was then aslccd if others hadtied domain for your occupation. Take it liveis a religious rite of the inhabitants of said Teriitory andadjustment measures 01 that- year.tract from Clay's in re3]oitHe read an ex-Tney of their States,' I closed my last letter from this place amidatwasted facts.not eontributcd, and who they were? Heare above theas I have said in this Hall before.you that there are men among them whoareedu-replied, all tbe prominent Democrats in New-York, hebylV*(rea», No principle of self-government or citizen sovereignty can require or jnstiiy the practice of suchMr. CuSTis, tbe CtiairmaTi—Resolved, That the road fchali fcta'*t from two pointswesteio border of the State o(one on the Missouri,and the other on the wesicin border of Iowa, wiihi'Ises.=ion fortbem. Letthembetoldtoattneycanso to the wild lands of the West and conquer a home..Assembly of^he Territoiy by passed Jan. lu, in tlif year lt>65, entitled "An act inPresident, to take effect February 28, 1880. Q.From the Associated Press. WisnnoTos, Tuesday, April 3.:Dutiog Mr. of Virginia, (Dem.)—Tbe genUeman:beast that tueir people were better than those of while ibeen filled tu its utmostunitingof Caliiomla.TbeConunittceinstructedthe Chairmantoreporta bill drawn upon this basis.Mr. Blais, ef Feunsylvauia, offered a re:.o\ution*the or contractors to the use of confining corporatorsAmerican iron, which was adopted unanimously. UR. wilkikson's srrtcB.'i]i'acts andLegislative Aisembly of tbe Territory of Utah, which establish, Mippoit, maintain, shield or countenancepoint1 am to desert ihe old readyt>e^tinterestsfeeds on the uncertain cnjralffl that fall from the richindeed, been for many years an exception, but In lb50 tbe doctrine of non-intervention as to that subject also had been as dlstlnctiy avowed as the principle of theILissiKs,for politicians and for pretences, neverThen you make a distinctitm tIn iimlted^uantities, to every man who Is anxious to earn an honorable li^iog for him- pr<9oittlon be accepted. Tbe next question was, had self by the cult'vation of the soil. He would have tte wltBess sent money Into Mr. Haszis's district, with the Government in its Homestead bill, address itselfMormons to theiiimoral pollution Resolved, <fec., That ifPike'smen who have readPeak, historyalwayssiege.c"^0/ =- ri'v^^oft-frtV^^T^dSMr.WiiKissos'sspeechto-dayinSenateonHome- youngmencanstillgoforwardandmateclaimt'n-sacraments, ceremonies, consecration or other con- ti ivarccs.sons, yesterdaycessation of tne firing to land and look about the city, to observe the effect of tne bombs. My cu-stead bill was very able, and the vole on the motion to take up the House bill is regarded as a test vote on tbe bill Itself. The vote stood 26 to 24.AKMY KI8IGSATI0N.t'er the Preemption law.Mr. WiLKiKSON said that all he claimed was t'leCbaslxs E. Sixclaib lias resigned his position cfAssociateJudgeoftheUnitedSta'esSupremeCourt .operate unjustlythis It faiif far below ibeator irum Tennessee (Mr. Nicuulson,) stated that the SenateM;! providedthatanyj-ersonwho filed hi.*- inten- tion to become a citizen ml.'^hi euter land. He desiredthis lands? Astatutes. Mr. Thaieb^I should have said am. political com-lot Utah. Judge CBAnLisAoou of thatBOW in Washington, it is not known tbatFederal officers excepting Gov. Cdhhings and Sur-but as a It political community-General Stakbacub are now in Utah.The House Post-office Committee have nearly;Tcyoiup, was about to appearance that the truculent generalTerritory lisbe'ore Congress,party, untiltbishasland, as property,knows nothing less than a Statemember of this House, I would know nothing lessnnantmoQSly agreed to recommend tbe restoration of country after tbetbe mrll to tbe steamship Itabel, and the Committee they lied l>ecome citi'zens. He would mane of Ways and Means will, there Is little if any doubt,- this bill as broad as .the PreCmi>i'on law.effei:t.It^_-eity.the bill concerning appealswas^' /apecniatianany ease,preteiUplayrecutloBagainst us, drivingthem to the monalains.i this country. When Wiluakttiotaken up and passed.On motion of Mr. Batabb, the blU for the supply ofvacancies in certain offices was taken up and passed.all when itproelataied'the Cotirt to-fill vacancies in DisiTict-Atto/neys' or Marshals* offices occurring doring the session of the Court, until appoiittmentsareIt provides for allowingchurches, and. In short to create everything essen- ing terror or respoet In a panning foe. The South must be vindicated, it is said. The honor and au- system, wc revive this andentidea thattbaeoithe of ane H«iue et^PolygBHir and Slavery. pany against Paraguay, by appointment Com- bill which has passed the House is tree from theseof the in questionT' powerever men, Oepowerof parly. It is brought Into this House. I Congress to Jeglslate hereafter for these verrluidI^cccli ornr. BU TliayerSaints.policy.on the was taken up and passed. people this meanf^e in the full spirit of its application, organic law, to repeal their acts and punish offencesnp«n practical qnestlors like tbis now before us rncceeded In showing that the bill & What 1 propofedwUl'BotWASBmaTon, Tuesday, April 3. juw-TOKK omcixLs uhdik iktsstioation.Tbe Bouse Homestead bill was tukcn up, the pend- ing amendment being the Senate bill.tile, for it brings authority and bonor into riateule and contempt Now, Sir, if tnese are tbe facts, and ifthat is the prospect before «« on this bill becoming a law,imposed uponamong new settlers and had seen the workings of the txpntmA'f nUKegaeas to do ao, if he had It On re- nretent land law. He had seen immense swindllag leetton k« decilnci, as it Is prirate matter among carried on under this system. Tne Government turns (peculator aad seeks to fill its Treasury by the 8.ile tnttemen, and he donbts the pngtlcij of ^imlshiog of land. If Government does tUs, why iheulu not tkeir Bamea wltbont their consent He ad- people also speculate, even If they had to break the laws to do so ? He bsd looked for a change, and was glad to see It in this form of the Homestead bllt He tilbntcd mooey to aid in elections, and e'ipccted was in favor of the House bill, and thought tbe Sen-Bhoula any one attempt to narrow it down in any Utah. If this bUl pass we had belter makeAlwap- fnmlsh na with the colntlon of this vexed qoesUon of teU'inUig, he crossed the Rnblcon and ovartoraw tka spirit of party piatrorm, or of sectionalism ? Cannot polygamy. I bat* tlie>eroi« proposed an amend- libertlm of Bosie, and such has been thehlstorrot the Interest, the wisdom and lofty statesmanship nropriation fifty mllUons to increase our army, lor ment to the pending bill, ttaattktieoaBttyof Utalt every RcpabUeaD country that has attempted to ex- of all parties be combined in support of a re troubles will break out afresh. There was no together 'wttb > part of Kaasa* and Nebraska, shall •rchie aon-TMldSBt jorlsdictlon, and get along wtA. general principle, which history, experience and necessity lor passln| a direct law, which would b« be ctinitltQtad into two laad districli,insnchaway ptovln<tatid«fe»<laaol«a. I am for dmiiUMagtliU common sense, airproclalm to be just and proper? impracticable. Lmh* power of Aw ptoplc of XHih that th« HonnoB population shall be nearly aqpaUy atatter likjupeet to tenrltotiea. We hhve lands tomissionerbyeachGovernmenttosit InWashingtat objections. It seeks to carry out the true objects andTberightofCongresstolegislateovertheterritories,Bittcd ha bad frequently and cheerfiiUy con-to do ao again. In reply to a question as to ate bill lacked force and vitality, and did not re.ich last few yeera, been taken up In fighi^og many battle: tbe moral sense.I come now to arguments anariaes whichhopedsboiild adopt a- principle far older than the nation Itself, and that the public land should be sold no moreMr, VALLAiinradLH, of Ohio, (Dem.,) remarked if thebUl had propomi simply to annul certain laws of tbis House to what inextricable <»>inplicatlons this bnt without concluding, gave way for a motioai to ad- Utih establish^ polygamy, he' would vote for It precedent would lead, 'inere is no end to tbat. I joum, which ptevailed. Adjourned.tbat thepeopleshould Inberit the land, and that, tbeThe following is tbe bill as reported from thewithout hesitation;butItwentfarbeyondthat,and sayonlysame t>e , grantedoperation cient fur tbe extinction ofman's table. He would have tbe GovernmentTiiey have more vigor in them, more power of endurance,MiramoB.From onr Own— of Representatives, the poor man is pjt in possea<:ionof ills of the soil, and is secured in the portionground that tbis abomination in a Christian countrymore persistence than those ofthe old States.upon it—cultivate it and itshall be yours." And when,;averageo! thepeopletif was said a distinguished member of the HouselHiO, assertingI assure There are to-day in Carson's Valley, and atsome of And 1 feel perfectly secure tbat under tbis propucitionCbdi, Wednesday,enjoy- mrr.tofthehomefromwhichhiswiTe andcblluren shall rot be driven, toen he is raljed above poverty,excitements wMchnot lu tbe onlybut still more the virtues byWHS now the setUcoland,wn'cb he cultivates at his heart,-, while he honestlyof theSlavery Indeed stoodfad of thehad therewith, may be ieit to tbe conuol of these two sent a haughty summons to the city to surrender, andIf lb* proposed amendment to the Pacific Tele- :'give iouiity lar^ warrants us an inducementThougnthisvery act will not peril the existencerelumed totheWe shall thei' have less need for the erection of onsandhcuresofrefuge. Andwhentlie ambi-.io:! of these young emigrants has been attained, and ivhen the rich earth tegins to yield her fruits into the hand of the young stiller, he will require no stimulalins Ifgislation tu drive bira into mairimoay, but will feeland revision of the laws' it, and still hold my ohti viewssels in tbeport fiaviogby toll.whichor last week, Ian appropriation of fifty thousand dollars per Heretofore it had been the policjr of the Governmentsustain Ills assertion made yesterday, that there wj-, usidno vote against polygamv at ali hazards. ritories.report to encourage cniigiatlon, but now this was re.si«ted aanom for her mall service between Charleston andrighta Mr.Heacan,ofTexas,(Dem.)—Idesiretosaythat Mr.Thateb-Exactly andnomore toKey West, In addition to the ocean postage between by tbe present Admi"nistration. The Secretary ofspecialHavana and Key West.Senator HtNTsa has emphatically denied the truthof the dispatch from St. Louis, charging that he hadwritten a letter to SpiinsaelU, 111., the urging Coo';delegates to attend the uharlestcn ^invention, am' intimating thattbeir expenses will be,pai(i.the Interior says, that by this new policy of the Homestead bill ap undue stimulus would be given to emigration, and the land bounty can no longer be beld out 88, -an inducement for future military serv- ice." He''(Mr. Wilkinsos) hoped that we r.ei'er .again could hold out such a motive as tupenaloperateorganizedferring this subject to a Committee. the construction of the ladles and children, of course, are first providedI;i['<Geoece IIL had tofor,lie down.Wfiile I write. Information has tKen received ttatMil be adopted by the House, there is reason tu for military service. This high functi-jiidry IgraphBelieve that the line will not be built for vears toeove, as tbe caoital 'to insure its coostruction will not be supplied. It will cost, probably, from eleht hundred tnousand to a nUllion of dollars, besideslarge suM»~snnUBily to keep it in working order. SENATE.or and not the king, sluggish,of the The in thisuof tbe I9th, a foraging party from the city captured a train of sevenmuies loaded 'witb powder, on its tray_, ,Mr. Grieb, ofWAsmaiGTOit, Tuesday, Aprils.thirteen years, who would dare to vote bayonets andIIIIIhave been ac-to Mnuanv-toilaland Colorado.for the evil, hebyMissouri, (I)em.,)SecretaryEusBA SAUUnu has been on shore most of the merit sick. HeCommittee, reported bills organizing Ariwrnamighthardly have been -equal to the duties of a Cabinetremedyproposed,cies inade up by buying bad several narrow from the bursUng-He also offered thetlons, which were laid overMr.ion, that is the best possible way to dispose of thew bo are better than they need to be. Bnt where "very eecapesmissiles. Pieces of shell have fallen among theshlmiing,following preamble and resold- :officer under theheathen King of Persia.Clasee,of Missouri, (Dem.,) said, in hisofopin- 'of opinion so that, the world know that the does the superabundant sovereignty Congreabeen done. Taere is afrom the Terri-to The emir.rants.of the laws, which they have constantly disregarded. Yocho and bis followers.In ammunition andit only sells the superabundant itlve sending supplies<[^IIjIII'" 1 Istrongnuisance in the eyes of Christendom, and thatit de-enough.stupid,that be hasgiven upsiege,it isapparentbe \Is it In consequenceirtcrnu, CoD^rem, by eet of August, 1868 reuulred the authors ol tbln benete bill have been dlsps.-cUsaiaill any, ) and there wiU snoitly be none so poor as t«She First domptroU.r of the Treasury i„\^,\ fhjd.m- 4(<e<iietali:. H. Cosjiici .nd A.G. R^uait.la^- eumMvtOxt abrogation of their contract by tlie Poatmns- tfO-Gtmeni, to carry the mail vii Vera Cruzao iraroe it as to discourage emigration? He nopto dispense twenty sovereignties, when it never had any sovereignty itself except what it ac-hebill wouM be adopted, by which all who declare their Intention to become citizens may be permir.ed t j en-Senate bill provides tnat only such se- i:Mtd sliall be entered as is sunjeci to pti^-aie entry— ente tbe said law or Goagreaa. did unuerl&ke and ailirta that ik alreudv suiteyed and exposed tor sale. TnetodBulaw aforesaid dccUred that the contract exiaieu. and joy all the rights of those who are already citizens. fcstbei.thatthedDty waslmrosed or tt^e Kirst Ooisp- There is stiU •another objection, stronger thin anyreceive au acces-Mr. Pasrott. of Kansas, (Rep..) .said Pil;e's Peak flous. There Is no State of this Union out what hasSir, gentleman from Alabama (Mr. Ccsbt) wondered tbe otherday by what hocus-pocus and legerdemain the land of to-day becomes to-morroa' sovereign- ty. It does not Men are sovereignties, notland. If a Is bianlt and to- place totally to-day,Frasdox), in the judgment ofnels here, wilhdoes not ratify the McLane Treaty at ooee, and pnttroUer to adjosttbe account: ana wlifreas, Wrlmm vet noficcu Jhe :is a lejailyofKansas..U one time the popula-already made polygamy a penal offence, and what IsI1Ii^end to the'Slsgracefulstate of affairs which eiSSVsoru, First Comptroller, instead of pr jce ^ding toi-Ihe combined of the representatives of the expression' act at once, England and Fiaaee Unless theyAcipuicoof twenty thousand, and will soon sion nf at least fifty thoasand.pulling a solemn vote upon the journals of this House? Any sifeh expression of tentlment is siiper-ail tiustbingincreasing confidenceof affairs. What Is our Government doing, that ItCoamcis.tbeIn^stabiUtyinot, aoiihopedof ttie States. Now,Nature leglslulcs in these matters much bet-iVon'r'etf that this act shall be so limit-of under the ordinance sh(."'d have supposed from the zeal which has beenterthanmen. HeHadatiother tot'leSen- objectionyesterday,Irom Ohio(Mr. Peon) sayhe wasinfavor ofit oni am for getting rid of this business which is alien to theof tnewere wljioui means to remove their far^lies to a safeon and in our foreign population,Congresscalled the Legislative Council who shall be appointed organization of .this House; and. Sir, thereof the to correct this error. Here he raised hisany compi','jit,as athereforej I am opposed to an act grant- ing permission to a Territorylto iiiaKe any laws ItmayIIfirstap-by penal statutes,Preemptionlaw. The Sen-never has been an actpassed againstbeforeprac'Jces the'This morning I landed and made a reconnoistmaee ofanti fciind another objection o the Senate bill, iiere was another act of injustice. The first section o' fue bill—[tnis reclion was 'read by the Cierk]^\voma ex- elude all persons who iney immigrate to tht^Sec. 3. And be it That further enacted.passagesuppoEiliontnat polygamynever beard of untilof the w-ar-sleamers, Spanishwould now. wheu tbe Government has becomeand powerful, turn away the dercendants of tho^e men who, bv their blocKi and treaoure. contributed tu the establishment of a free Government on this Con- tlnent Mr. WllBt^•so^• read extracts from the pro- ceedingsofliie(CongressoftheRcpultUcofColum- Ola, in 162J. protos:i)g to give free homes to eml- grants, and also ari exirsct from tbe proclnmatioii of the KiDg of Persia, offering the same inducementpeople,there is no o'ier.of the ititeriur have taken lessons in statesmansliip from tlie young Republic of Columoia, and be wouldAnd, Sir, 1 would chargeeences it says thn«^^^P^pmpwifpwmnmatw^mand writs of error•f Government inSquatter Sovereignty are aUmade to«thatthree months, in accordance with of this wise treatysUpulationi, purposesIt before the to revise their legislation, to reverse it to amend the 00 not deal in those placesthings. Sir, especially districts thereby cwdltued. Now I bona I'Mr. of FrtcB,Indiana, (Dcm.,) offeree^an amend-hasspokenof this measure as(M beingout ttentfof the bill untilwast<\-(iav. There is a moral spasm, or paralysis, a sortand loss of consequentof the Execufive that oppo.'^tioncome from.relief in the city at ihe general ever hadihat this of the Houcc provisionreignty, orroii; Shall we be oolng anvthing to that end by quiredit.'^-for vague abstractions,Mr. Olui, ofNew-Tork, (Rep.,)addressed theto-dayUnitedtill3 the boil. And then, too, he no longer mlniaters States possess exclusive jurisdiction, shall inter-Moimoi'tsmpolygamytotheundueaccumulationofwealthbyothers. Hemarryany personor or cohabit witlf persons,objected toits benefitstbe thebecause out Senate bill, it shutunm^-rriedwarned gentlemen tbat there were mtllions'who did^whu men were idle be cheerfully granted leave of really the pioneers and e?rly settlors of tbe new tions, the former busDatid and wife being alive, he, ,nut nnilerstand tbis, or who would not and that tbethe world that polygamy never has existed under aMaaaaa that they might not be about where the bal- country. They go where families cannot go, and she, or they, ao offending, shall, on conviction there- a fine not and beman—fro.nibe men who wer* persons,entitled to all tbe sanctions ofproperty.Butbefree made the government bythem-Every man lives of foreign Governments taking the hint, madethan tweoxceeding (MO,weslein frontlets tha:^ ail i'ae a*-tued sold-crs that years, nor more thanstepand most ofunOertouk to gorge tbe treasury from the their subtle parts intbegreatdratna againsttbe South We should inevitably prolong the existvce of Mor- passed Into Great BilUtn, besale of the which has been I this. Forlands, market value of about There was no way to meet the question before (hem monlsm by ibis means. pass by nobodygreatly enhanced by reason of the settleraenis'Ithe feeof all the lands wa« in hlmaalfi andthem. Tho first settlers of tne are those who but by looking it in the face and considering itvote or means to penrfpoorsce the statute. money penaldeclared that among followrra,owning tne land, all the men wkolltotfcountryobliged to build loads, bridges, achool-houseson itsretreating armylnsplr. But, Sir, tne bonor and authority of the United States upon It were) •la.et. And here, upon thla <dd' ''tial and to the and welfare of a necessary happinesscivilized community, and it was apparent how much-thority of the United States by a mast leak to heiMlf for her own protectioii. He law vindicated, indeea,{ mand thst It shall be as compact as possible. The which forbids the exerciseman to Ihatm or a false pretence, by whatever or what- truths, for it neither affirms nor deniesMr. o(J0HN50N, Tennessee, (Dem.,) wanted the making no distinction as to persons, and no uojust with the territories, has been asserted from the foun-u to the whichIt Is si have aaid in relauon to this bill enough accomplisb parposes ptofe ed ifThe views of sbouhi be motleled to pollliclansdivided between the twc. Now, what are the facts aeli—let ne protdde forrselling the landssuit the Interests of the people and ir t of party. Todmuch time of the National Legislature has, for tbe other booy,people mayof aand those laws. Adjoumed-ocrat. (Laughter.]blackgaards, ple where it is law.- That local law is what Mor- Mr. KziTT—Do you believe polygamy is Eepoh-to ereate andBill to punish and prevent tbe practice of Polygamy ganized Territory In the United States. It was the supposed that a himdred tnou.sand miners aVPike*sin the Territories of tbe United States and other policy of the Federal Government from the beginning Peak, and( the same number of miners at CarsonkTiewafdefeating that gentleman! Mr. BuRiawoiTH to The laboring masses of the countiy, to=^hose who places, and disapproving and annulling certain acts to delegate to the organized Territories legislation Valley, without any women at all, will allow a mo-B.AaxiB,and let the witness iLnowto-morrow,if theCommitteeproposedpunishan offence ineveryor-polygamy. Sir,Is it to beare too often groufd down in the unequal conflict tie-twcen capital Slid labor, to the poor man who c:irnshis bread oy the sweat of his brow, and to him wnoby tbe Municipal regnlstlons of one of the Territories to thete persons, "There is a vast unset-' of this Union, and is sought to be justified on thenopoly of worilen at Salt Lake ! [Laughter.] Sir, Ita HUnunoa—The TahaMtaata en Beard ef Teaaela aad la the CastleStates,placesa dif- ferent ground. Slavery was not merely a domestic in- stitution, but slaves were property, and, as such,:of theUtah, ard wblch sets foi thLegislative Asienibly :Territoryuponrightful subjectsdo not believe that the men wno areUierudepioneerstheyaresometimescalled men;therefore.;ormariled, and an inhabitant of any Territory of thethem have read Soman (Laughter.]or otherover the United wnlchaudlaud Cistric'is which I to establish. proposealreadypoii'ely noilfied us of his intention to level the eitrprudent baste to remove their families and e^eta OBany personpersons, beingmay History.withany person or persons, or live with any person oras rela- partners, eckno^ledgirg conjugalNow, Pir, is It safe to leave this matter to a representative re-of theof criminal as legislation,onltalVayRalalDK of (he Siexe—The Betraat efand merits. He nwor^Mard of a|have noOn motion of Mr. Masos, the bill providing for the of the remoteness of settlements or neighbors. The and Etbuipqi, Oat there Is nothing In the practice and ray he would enforce that law. Then, Sir, I and shall detest It always, ani shall nse mV In^imnw (•ijndlcatlon of tbe claims of tbe Rhode Island Com- social and municipal-exigencies of a settlement de- and history of legislation over the national territory claim that It is a sham. Ab initio, that It is a false against 11 Bnt while I aovocate this principle, tto'Homestead bill up and passed to a final vote. It was distinctions as to the lands affected by Its provisions. of the Goretnment to the The goveinmy vote, and that vote shall be against It I a very Impoitant measure. But if we cannot accomplish this result, if the Senate dation present day. have shown that as an expression ot moral sentimentin view. I hope I ha*a loceeodcd In shgvlBc Ihlt we have a natural and elleotive meflkod tt ae.;tMtter-Daj^«eUlDtapatchtotheNew-TorkTimet. whichthebillwaspostponedtillThursday. and.i.ft.heseshould and ofthisThe Indian Appiopriation bill came up, and tbe has determined to reject the House bill, he should best way to set lid of this question was to auUtorize of this country It is superfluous that as a ;penalst*results, I havenokenat mightcoraplithlngthoreamendments of ine sienate were adhered to. After endeavor to gain the same end through amendments, tbe President to bny out the Mormon possessions. tute It is powerless that at a vindication ofthe honor the complications which ttis terrHoflat haa..NoxL, Missouri, (Dcm.,) repudiated entirely *!>« "«" that there is an analogy between the crime of polygamy and the institution of Slavery as the lat-thenever succeed in governing provinces; toat srkMI^priinn'cii^pSl'e." "^TThht"e*^.^S!e!n'.a't,o,r,"' )f]r^o^mr^^Tle^n^rn^e,s°s^eJe',J^ r.JoHifson,)failed,—ib—e r..ej^e.c.ted «h.e. m—igo.h.t.—be inclined i. Mr. of authority Government, it is worse man fu-po^T tint a Jbpohile will^\mm tutha; been overtlirowa if ^'* PoUcf* Committee had Messrs. Bct- ment that all lards that come under the provisions of above and beyond all pArty issues, and he ter exists at the SooUi. He was opposed to the blU, let me now inquire whether there is any anythmg toa'. To acquire and govern provinoaa is to cre- The Investigating this bill should be only those subject to private entry agreed with bim. He believed the measure to be far for tbe reaaoatbat Congnas ought not to interfere can be proposed that Is better. And here, Sir, I am ate a necessity fir an army atid navy, aad•nwoKta ind Adscstus Soeiix before tbem to-day. at the passage of the law, « -higher then parties or partisan claims. It appeals di- in the matmer propoced while tho organic act ex- Iiappy to be able to say, I believe that the solotion,— to make the President of the Ualtad SutM t» Mr. ScHBU wa« aakcd to fomlab a llit of mbscriben , Mr. WiLKissujc, of Minnesota, (Rep.,) said tbat the rectly to tbe itreat heart of the nation, and to those laws peacefnl, qnlet, easy, natural, practical solu- *" ""'••• aa? purposes a King. Tosiafonl am Ibr measnreof giving freehomes to actual settlers was who are struggling from day to day, and It will be ists, and by which the power to make local Is tion of this question is now wiUilu your reacb, aboliihlns this policy, as soon as maybe. Yen Mil to the New-York Hotel Fand, bat he decHaed. eom- one which had long occupied Ms attention, and for welcomed by those who are ever patient ever en- delegated to the Legislative Assembly. We have 1 am happy in the belief that the gold mines of Pike's remember that It was upon this very mlssiOB of tur- plyi&x, althpagli when la»t before the Committee be which he felt a .deep interest He had long lived during, ever vigorous and ever hopeful. Why then already spent twenty Billions to pteaerve peaeeia Peak ajul the sliver mines of Carson Valley do now etning provinces that Csbae bad been in Gaul, irkmexigencyof such a blU should be to give all our peopl; free p.'ople. If tbe gentlemen on the other side the Drcd Scott case recognized and admitted the legal voters. What-then are the facts in relation to be produced.the real merits of the case. Some ofand too lUtle nas t>e«n em-I canauthorityStates Army, who have been In Utan during bill. He Silted, Does polygamy eiist in Utakte-MnacaBMBtof the New-York Cnstom-taoo^, be rc- strictlons are ilnberal where liberality 'siioi"i ployee in the delcnce of acknowledged rights. He House In favor of tke bUl, and against the various ple. I have it liom the officers of the Umled Mr. Kiirr, of South Carolina, (Dem.,) opposad thohe the chief provision of such a measure. sustained the Homestead bill btxtause be honestly be- ipmrted fktt there was nothing coosected with :t be and andand who assure me that not more WhatwUehkeoT any one else would dccira to conceal. persons and classes, wheu the real purpose enhance the prosperity of tbe great mass of the hss fnll power to pass the law In question ; that even than one-seventQ of-tliiB population of Mormons are to intelligent legislation, tlie evidence of It oaglfttDIt also seeks to [create distinctions between lieved it to truly just wise, calculated toyears,proof was there here ofthe ractf With a vl»wBe knew of nothing Implicating in the slightest de- homes. He bad not supposed a measure so just, so of tbe rhamtier choose to regard this measure asipee, the Prcsldeiit or liis Administration, with the beneficent, would receive a'y serious opposition from sectional, and cannot reconcile it with their pa?^ tain limitation imposed by the Constitution: that delegate from Jefferson, and from oiner gentlemen, extract from tbe law eataoUsbhig the Church. It wa*nbiag of funds for poltUcal purposes. The Commit- any party. Therefore he was astonished at the faith, then tbey, and they alone will have made tbe tbat mere (are In JefTerson at least 40,(i(W men, not read. N,tee kaTe uader consideiattoa the propriety of bringirs amendment of the Senator from IVorth Carolina, issue, and he apprehended those with whom he had among those limitations was found no restriction on less than 20,0(10 of whom are voters. We have itMr. Keitt did not see anything In that to satWy bim on tbe subject(Mr. CuNGMAif,) wbtch was an attempt to defeat the thebonor to act politically will be ready to meet it Mr. ScHzu belbre-the House, for reiosing to produce bill. If that Senator was sincere ana can see nothing Thenit will go upon the recofd and will be spreadthe'power of Congress to prohibit tbis practice of po- also from the papers last received from California,nlTate papers soj^iosed to be In lui in this great measure beyond a mere donation if his before the ;that thecocntty, Democratic Party re-lygamy. Finally doctrine of EOdatter oirjudgesthat the%ad eoBtrlbnted money io be used In elec- he certainly could not tmdersland tbe mean- would aLo be spread abroad that no Republican in seemed to him Providence had permitted this modern Valley is destined to an Increase which has Yomo enjoyed a plurality of wVIl He reeolleetodjumtmiaB. Mr. Bcttiswoub testified that he range of vision Is limited to such a uairow view, sisted tbe I'beral policy of the Homestead bill, and itpopular soverelgaty;prospect Ispopulationtlaas in 18M, because he. cocsidercd the ing of this measure. Mr. W. read from tbe this body wrs either ashamed or afraid of the Sodom te grow up in our midst as a standing rebuke never been paralleled In this country, not distinctly their remark that this fcolnopoly of wtvca speech of Mr. Cass on this subject renelUng measure to grant free homes to the actual the madness and folly of tbe even in Caliiomla. At the next session then operated very hard against strnjers and trmTeWrs*iiinii of the Democrattc Party essential to the the cbavge that this measure was unjust fie settlers on tbe public land. May we not hope against abdicating pow- these two land districts will probably coibe here LBzcessive iau^ter.] '^er of Congress over the Territories. di- vel&ieirftheooantry. Cot Frbhokt he considered repudiated the idea that the grant was in any tbat this measure will be perfected In the spirit asking admission as sovereign States. Then. Sir,oaly aa instrument in the hands of political apccula- senre a charity. Men are fond of saying the Gov-Mr. Keitt asked where ];K>lygamy was found in tta of harmony and good will, with no disturbing sec- During a colloquy between Mr. FAkKswoBm, of viding the Mormon population between these two extract read.andMssuccess as danjerous to the Union,ne Committee Informed the witness that they onlydesired facts, and not reasons. Mr. Bcttxxvostb re- just and prtiper. and intended to promote the ua- pBad that he considered the question impcrtloen', and bounded interests of tbe whole country. If the Gov-support (Rep.,)Cl'ase, Missouri,ton;Is rapidly proof of the fact he would call on the delegate fnm increasing, while the number of Mormon voters Is Utah.«nly answered lest improper deductions miAt t>edrawn from his refusal to do so, but that the expiana- settles them, improves and cultivates them, ittlan must accompany his testimony. In reply then whatisbutacommon would recognizeMr, Fabhbwoeih—Mr. Jskkhib—Do yon say so tMr. Fashewoitb—I amMr. JsKKniB—Then you declare a lie.Mr. Faehswoetb—I am not In the habit of descend-dis-tricts as proposed ? No, Sir. Why is local question.principle to the question, if the President had not of equity. Mr. Wilkisbow then cited cases of theperp-tuationment. You will have sanctified his patriotism, and heverymuch of that opinion.law any better than the law of a non-resident power ?1 contend that the law of a non-resident is poweronly to be laughed, at, and be despised anywhere. True authority. In my judgment—the only authority worth minding-is law made and enforced by the peo-to beMr. IIiLi. replied, saying he had asked a Senator,who said Abraham was a good Repnblicaji and Dem-to retain bim Inin considera-monopoly of land by despotic Governments, to show the immence evils of such a systenr, referring partic- ularly to Ireland, where large landed monopolies ex-can never prove untrue to the Constitution and the law, when bis wile and children are enjoying tbefree home protected by that Constitutionaficedtion of his snstatnlns his Lecompton policy, heoffice,spctnlatnrand a monopolist! Tills measure wasmon benefit of the whole coiintiy ?his own soil, the settler rises to the full dignity ofmanhood. He is independent from the hour in which Mr. JssKiKs, of VIrnir'a, (Dcm.,) inquired—Do risk or any doubt but that Mormonism will be exter- intercourse or concubinage may exist, not the MUernment would but recognize the tiuth of nature,diminishing—minated by local law, provided we pass this does not apply to thatamendment and constitute the two landthat the wild lands of the nation belong to him whodent of evervthlng save his 'iimtry and his <^od. Open up a home to him, and icu will have found the surest method for the of the Govern-1 saidWsslit said so.Mr. HiiL, of Georgia, (Amer.,) rojb to propound a Mr. Keitt asked him whether he believed polygamytotal of aU vinainles. he becomes the owner of a f .'e farm, and is indepen- you say so !with this I is there prospect say,any Mr. Keitt objected to this, adding, promlscnontStandinglaponIntoing cesspoolswhich wiBso population.can't receive an insult" ^^\f^.capitalofW*(reo», It Is admitted tbat polygamy is permitted and disapproving of such legislation. Slavery had, of no educatiOH, refinement, and intelligence. I dothis doc- trine. It had been distinctly embodied In all Its ex-ViEAMarch I860, 21,bilLrightfuleubjectsof legislation, and leaving it to theInnsbitants to regulate their domestic Institutions intheir own to tbe Constitution. This way, subject onlytent in theextendingto allthei:ate0.DemocraticParty.uponpolicycountryaud all coruiected thingsamongthe sand hills to thewestward,aca)iainted with the history of Ifmivperisoned of that other "r»Ilc of barbarism," Slavery. It was J^wshcnwas. After the arrival of a steamer, all hands ttiey furnish more and better protection to tbe onfo,tpalyess ^v^re busy for nearly two weeks. Tneu would follow could be sent there. Tnis bill should look beyoad the provided, ntvertheless, that this section, or anythtni;ten or twelve idle days. When on leave, employees imiLediatc benefit to be conferred, and if properly de- ihert in contained, shaH not extend to any person or it. but because it was a departure from the settled beforehand tnat it could not exist where ithere is The merchants also, finding no pressigg engagementsnext would be, puninbtnent as a penal offence;years not because he denied the power of Congress to pas-tJJemocratic or Republican /tterm ment Every man who reads m^toryof board of the vessels of -war which hovered in the govern-wou'dattendedpublicorprivatebusiness,asbestsuited vised,it willbefortheimmediatebenefitofthe personswhorebusbardorwifeshallabsenthimselfor ptoTliierc.yto forthemselvesonmattersoflocal equalityoithesexes,undersucnaformofgovern- inthewayoibusiness,followedtheprnoeatexam,heiselt one from the olhcr, -'or the of five thefr inclination, without any cootroi from t>ie head masses. It will advance tbe cause of son owing spa(;eof the Government, of leading to the Terri- legislatedecide lisrbor. ment. \Miereverit has existed—in Turkey, in Ara-.of the office. Mr. BcnxawoEia fur'her testified that bumsttity evtiywbe'e, rot merely la the We: tern years, knowingMr. comeIt has be- bia,there was nofact nitoin his knovlcd^e which impl!- 'whichby B'js'oesEwas preliy geacra'iy :.jspeaded, not fromcatcd in any way the President o^be United oranymemberofbisCabinet Heappearsagainbe- fore the Committee tomorrow.PACIFIC RAILROAD.Sutes,whose forme'r fc7~«cn1e:<oe of marriage,shall have been declared void.Sec. 2. Be it fui ther enacted, that the following or- dinance of liie Provisional Govermnerit of the State'*of Deseict, so An ordinance incor-1Siaies, bo'. al' o»'er this broad land from Maine toliving wiih'.ii that time, nor to. any person or peisonsThayee, apparent there is at least oneof this ileoate thstaborigines of America, it has always been sustained:{dischargeauthority,readyracyof the liigh truEt reposed in tbein. Pj'*>; throutsh the stre»jii of your great cities :i't^ see the '-'uys o("hll ages '.billing to work but find'"g nntn-couipetentery member from every sectionof the Union Iswish to be at a safe distance whenthe cannonadeto lio, e:<bosed to aU the teuiptations ioc'deni aLt^organizeihgtotuchasituation. Whodeesnotwishthesebu/scalled, namelv,J in of San upn,would u ase itshourly ex|.ecta:uin that a hostile fleetthe one of them not the other to bebill.under tbe cniefs of Central or the Africa, amongmerchantin thetl-.e nation's weal should strive to acccmplish In the by competent authoiity,-or to any person or persons laiives from all qoufestbieon ujonTexas. The^e are the cods wnlch the of who shall be, at the time of such marriage, divorced guardismsand could be sustainedRepresEevn- notning else. "Tnen the argument is conclusive that any fears Ihat tlie city woul J be laken, but from aofthePaciScRai'roadCo'nmittce,' Ulls evening, a definite conclution wa= arrived a> byir have'^c axioptlonof tbe foUov.ir;g resolullop, oTc ed by mastery ? Let them be toid there is a home and a pos- islative of Utah an act hecrdthe Representatives from tbe State ofNew-'V'ork does neither affirm nor deny the power of Congressto sought refuge u the castle, which baaa^t meetingbe rescued from tbe constant strife betweer porating the Church of Jesus Cnrist of Latter Dayism.thisUpon subject1 have not heard theRepre- why we do not pass au orgi^tc act ? I ameppearanceunder command Of "Ad-niiglil Saints," pasted Feb. 8, 'n the year 1S41, and adopted, vice end vtrlue. In which vies so often obtain^ thesentatives from North Carol'na boast that thelt people to give my own views! on this suo- miral Ma£I>','' forme purpose of blqckaJmg the portpolicy, that he would vote agaliLvtofpie, and sought shelter, some on boardthe Massachueettc, (Rep.)—thev. ;,sels, and others on board of Ameilcan men-of-war.progressparts country may agree.to denounce the odious crime of polygamy. It is en- ,coji^raging, it is refreshing to know that there is atle^trnre wl-ich there is no sectional- subject uponallyendIt Butitmaybeinquired,Sir,whywe doshould commence. Arvious were e'so t^ntinD- eyesbliy directed towards the sign^l-L-ration on the Castlegoingreenactpo, and m^de valid by the Governor and Leg- ject. The Dill or amendment proposed perpetiatingwere better than those of .Massachusetts;nor nave Iand otber mischie:. The imiabltanlsall tne ves- on board ns pris- and resolutions in force in Utah Territory, their tion before us for our consiceration, and. Sir, .in my tnat subject. if the inquiry is madcef me why they can-'aceommtxiate. While it lasted, tne firingth;it ground.Mr. Peon, of Ohio, (Dern.,) said he should have maintain, protect, or countenance the practice ofrbrewd andunscrupulous Imjiostor,-.) -I:The Mormons can thus be subser- ma(|ebetter should we of stand tiefore the nationsfeelinglelatlon to l*'.elublicaiiiiii aud distrihutlon," anu all otherserves to beand musteonipiiationiwo convergiyg I'ucs bearing westward, audwithin two hundred miles ef the Missouri River, andthence proceeding by a single trunk tine, by the near-est and best route to the Bay of Sa*j Francisco, or totbe navigable waters of the Sacra^nento, in tbe State tl-e necessity of a helpmeet in the home he has won polygamy, be, and tlie same hereby are disapproved nmousntcing it, extermination. act Sir.Sir. is it a fact tory under this Goveriunert. Neither would I ac-Is of .lets heret^Tore the said passed bybecauseGovernment of organizingpolicyparand annulleded and construed as not to affect or interfere with theis an existing tact, wttn member.-^ fromand as 'anexistingof this Nor,fact IagreeTerritoriesand XsayIthe forces besieging;and the continuatiun of the:property legally acquired " mi-Ci d according to the dictates of conscience," but beginningpurposesrightand he was surpiised to hear the Serator heretofore mentioned, nor with the right to worshinateWii- Itwouldoperateunjustlyastothef<reisu ptipulation,.ncity. Tr.ese disasters have been more numerousonly to aonul all acis and laws which establish,dietion, or traffic in real estate. Thereforemanypoor pejoplemolt fit and discreet .persons of tlie territorytheRepublican Partydoes he do with the Constitu- tional power of Congress to dispose of the publicin concluded tohavewhich be the please. lloust, could accounted tor only onments .'hallMr. McClzb>".*nd, of Illinois. (Dem.,) on the re-... «, Mr. S.MITH—If Congress has no power over the Ter- ritories of the United States, except as p.'-operty, thenwithdraw to .some other field ofno instance in which Congress had enacted;exilrpated,prottosf law- is left to the Mormons, artyIf the abllitv of these gentlemen to execute were Nobody else has sovereignty;db.*]ie\ea Mormon, who has a plurality of -wives,beUeves that t-oti- if it has acquired It,th»t eajd contract wa* never abrogated, Mi<;reljy int^nn- st-fitr often .^'oc^ mi advance of the sar*-ey. but this it been less than ten thousand. His correspond- .states themselves, in their Indlvidiiaf capacltv t morrow becomes a sovereignty, I assure you it is be-herewill iiave the Uon's share of Mexico, and tlie Im-'w hlch lies at our doors. veryto deCeat the will of Conj-'rei^. ant cieirly expressedacting0o w-e bv combined do than ihey action anything ryreha\edone? not Tne worldr understands t;ertatruycause some man has gone meremense cor.^merceNEWSPAPER ACCOUNTS.tpanaa set at defiance the decision of hia predecesjor. Hon. ^i.tSBA wurrriEssT.aod io so doing, the said William JixsiLLhu aunmcd the prerogative of nuilifying the will and osloion of Cmgresa, by them solemnly dc-•"'bill ••ds disrtg,tne cailv wiio pion'.e.-,ence andwill be lartely angjuentcd this .Summer, hut he didsome citizen who Is so much above property tliat be alone is of- ADZOS. Picaywu.reused Ionl^"'j^i^ resolved, by the Senate and Househasthat, on the ofthe news of the takmg olSili!2.'.'°* sTODgresi.pract;ea)i>obeyA'n express co with^? what wha: authorityinst, which bringsM.f^Iifi^VvS7i" Ti" '° 'te juftment of Coniress."""=' """"' *'"' Comptrollertain mwhich he -Alslicn to call attention. Tills wa-, llie tween Pike's Peak and Nevada, andvon, be- will ever livea which darestovote his eeet inside to see ciartywhip /inyour carrrage. .P^^^^fV,"? Amuricans and out ofthe e^unOT-B^TrtuS?/.Mr. Mi«o»,«f Virginia,provltlon llinUu.K li.e appilcari^m of the bill i„ al:e:- i.ile secti.ms of inis l.uid. lie regardcl this pro- vision as particularly beoduse th .'elor in and enforcing such a penal would like to know if tne same pc.^«^ will not noi'i putting oprratlon e-.lstee on Foreign Affairs, repotted a •xpnses of the Japanese Embassy on the eottntry."c4l° AlSSfi. otfeer B.itannlcMr. GaxH inUoduced an Act tol»» Hoose relative to the Uverland Mh'1T.^ls provlfirn would place liv. spttlers «vlio -eciirfjT«(jritories.go-emenacted. 1 will not eo into an argument about tne tbat lb-- iKissfsslon of nnd gives the righ; of the Hs^ncme'rllmenuo^know lease the avemmen. of(De.a..) from the Colimlt-Ijstatute as this Mil pmi-oses. Then, Sir, what docs as to the produce ol the laud ? if Government a tothe order ofby a vote, the whole effect of which wiU be to p-o- sovereign, and wili you disrobe him of his sovereign- Mr. SMiTii, of Virpinia, (Dem.,) did not oelieve lot g tnat institution. T)iin, Sir, as an expression of ty because he had ctoised a line and gone into a Ter-Wednesday,1ibraves all the'iof eitiy. Tt.cIsentiment, this bill is superfluous. But, Sir, ritury By right, what law,'l"" th« Slid WiLiiiit MinilL, tbe •lor apraetica' Inoo it? authority as your«JE*rTM«t'?f-SSilid tb/S-.'J °' 'b' Treasury aforesaid, has justly piaUi \vorr>lr. McCLtKSASD responded that his friend wasyou? and coat Kauis bySttroro/-«,Miai- ordermg '-°">"lh<:or>.s-.ili one last to theobjection dcstroyli'K polygamy by dividing Territoryobjectloiiabie,bin defraying the seems to be a strong desire, on the part of the Covi-r n-people.Mr. LsMAK. of Mississippi, (Dem.,) had no doubt as is powerless, I will not go into an argument here me, is It auv greater assumption to Mieamon, >\^,^<-^;'^^their anivjl jn amend an Act from.service.t'lergytfl the power of Congress to suppress polygamyitwhy ought;tospeak of menproduce of the man who ing viry sUonely against his wantonme ? Would concede the right ».ti lifb.talirelv rardsn'ips.e:(&min&iton satisfied him that tho number;and allows tne more timid ones to come in aitcrward and reap all tne l)f refits, in his own .-tale there were iniUijnf ofaries "f unoccupied public land under the Pre- openeinptiuij law, but little or none subject to privatehimselfmure than consequencefriends of the Homeftead me:.sure ask Jeffersonia has five thousand inhabitants.it isfill. They want an operative bill.ft, tii^.. want an cmest oal. whicn will ac-than that. It is bya penal statute. Will it be enforced I say no. coachman might put on your bitinere wasiithe money to strengthen a Pre&idcnt who would use it of land confers sovereignty oJer thc-e who ''''"•'bringing Mormons under the influence of a moral class ofto wvke thepeople the subject oi specuUti uianu aggraiwiiisjiei.t.and to showciiim the sairc ngh. over orottJ^ has wiitten "''^'''»TM'y', P'J'f!^ me the of land to and iBhamanmcnta:x of iii.: enternrlsenot to lie enforcedIt had been the ctuelty of the afempt to enforce it ; againstfelony of allhomes under this biii at a dii^taii.--e from ea':li o'nor, aske.d if polygamy suppressed, maywno could never be brought to understand wnrto uem? This idea destru^lon of'sTigush pnot wish Uaifias ;o oe euttailed of her fair tions till she is 8tiu>ittcd into the Union.propor- txilyganiy, and it never will urderstsed It any better emment ever hsd or ever will have, tie. Sir, is IIcorretpondence Ve»a Cel'z,complish ir- l.ct. liie which it assumes to main- sceptical on many subjects, and urged his plan for ard 1 tell tbint;should the bill pass, neither you nor i seat you on the box, hand, and take jiuKkinds in tbeyousells rot/, to the peopleopertyIhe ..e-.enujnatiorjtnoif»cth«et Eng-Thi« 1 ,Mnv U..1, lix On motion of {Mr. Pa »a up, cf Uelavrare, (Dim,,) rtyt telJleinents on the fronlic Jlc lUu not ej^rove 81i.vety. liut the cry of Hunuwitj, Order, Labor and enforce it giving the Mormons reason to charge per- if wi-'n'ne vet tave tcme re2ii;« everywhere i„ ,bs -fyiutraMfis.docs manTheie is realiy now one practical ques- legislate Mississippi. that bill, I do denyaswas and shovecd that we had under- pretty severe,estimated the range and penetration of the guis ofit I shall not treat it as an asa of crasa oflaw.uponI would not vole for a Territonai orgauiz^ti,>n, sayremarks uponfigure speech,abstraction, PolygamyIof thetion,had the than a State. Whatheavy tiemb explodedby. I reached the vessel 8a(ety.jandstick to her as long as Mieako.n s^Ould continue theseThe hasandpoinimf-nls under this act shall be made on or oefore But now; Sir, there seems, as i said befjre, to tie a than a Stateano iound thebroken and most of the tents struck, giving everytheUie 4ih of March, IKil. on which day b.iid appaint-abolishedby foiceofarms.the from the walls, campencampmentspeedybe^an today,another foot of land to be goKerned by the Con- of the Umted States, or sold by the authority ot.ttie troops have not suffered much, but a great manyin de- and i will so as to Insure itsure showed that Mieauom had °isoi« ammunitionthan we gave bim credit for. Tlie garrison andquiregressCongress.been well saiu here, are few and simple. And itno part of its purposes to exercise non-resident juris- than they would have been but irom the fact thathad no. to fiee to, and placelor nobody wouldenforceItagainsthis-neighborsimllariyclr- Sir.Itisnotproposedtoexecute.ThereIsnoparty gresscreatessovereig-n"t•'y,parttion w£s as high as fiftv tiiousand, and at no time has States more than the individual expression of thenot the Re-Untitled Documentheanc cwnsequently lend to :^t i-i--»barra.«fiineiit of tne publleans seize upon the princjple and suppress eipei.se,—tbe millions it will cost tne Government to povtreipi.v is 3 part of the oM feu..a; system,every partcountrywill never vole forthe of another Terri- organizationorifesttd here that it was never heard of until theled his Mormonhouses bave ocen destroyed, and many have beenof this session ofwas some thiiteen yenrs ago when B»iaaiM Yonifo, asmtrded that portion of tbe bill. Tbe benefit was polygamy, evasively called spiritual marriage, how- followers from Illinois, or from Missouri, across what purposes of this Government, as soon as i can oossl- distai'ce during the siege. HLving myself gjne oBronfiucalo heads ol laTi'ties to prevent fraud. The eier disguised by le^al or erclesiaslical solemnities,was then the Great American Desfert, to the basin of the Great Salt Lake. Poor, deluded, fanatical wo- men, having little religion, or no religion at all, saw cbai ms in the religion of Joe Shitr, and embraced theDly do It And, therefore,1 am to the opposed takingboarc of the bark Acma, with a number of otner per-mayUnited States are opposed to polygamy. How muchthat it had all this sovereignty to dispense with? What a great reservoir it must be of sove-butno hasInjury reUithe earth, w-ben we have shown what they might have known'luestion.vitnt to moral virtue and local authority. His infor-mation was that Pike's Peak has now a population to-day, wbethcrwe are really opposed polygamy from the.now well enough that this country /s opposedtoiallthe this Gov- public landsnfthe New~Orletnsmore claimed some tbat this is cannereeBy just asgojd tbereclptUnited iSUtes sloop Capital immediately,Congress.Sir,itButclaims that it is the of any party toparceled it out his aad fteresponsibility of organizingTbe subslitule proposed by Mr. Br.aacB, of North failiiof the Mormons. From time to time there has been afford to spend the time of this Nation in quarreling rlosily, however, came near proving fatal to me.same provisions as were in the Preemption law. tio CaroUra, (Dem.,) is as foUowsfur as his experience went, unmarried mea had been Be it enacted that tbe third and fourth sections of have gathered from Wales, from Scotland, from Eng-no more efficient in robbing the Government than the act, entitled, " An act to establish a Territorial land, from Germany, and from the States of this eignty man that 1 deny that Congress cin by an or- stood. 1 dodged into the nearest door, and when the:accessions to their numoers. From year to year theyminutt s after I had well into the a about distant provinces which the Constitution does In fifteen got city,llie resignation ot Second Lieut. Lsaor Napiei, sotre married m<n, and In his opinion they were quite Goveinment for Utah, approved Uth oT September, Union, and there they have gathered, until I think act bestow sovereignty upon the Territories, shell exploded, the Iragments made shattering workJr., United States Army, hasl>een accepted by the as honest as older men. The young tmmarrled man leiU, be, and the same are, hereby repealed.they obtained their highest number some tw^o years fawnioculd not go so far as even to pretend it.and now are in their decline, theyin all directions. Taking this as a gentle hint that Iwas not wanted in that Istarted particular locality,can go where he conld not take a family, and by giving inis Inducement to young men tiiey will go forward and get a home, erect a cabin first aud then bring on the family. The bill wiilSic. 2. And be That hereafter the il/urthefenacted.Legislative Nower as defined and limited in said act,shall be vested in tbe and thirteen of the Governor,to bebiennially by the President of the United States, by anc Willi [be advice and consent of tbe Senate, from among tlie citizens of the Uni'.ed States residing there- in,- and witiiout reference to any districts which have heretofore otcn laid olf.sincethese thirteen years we have had a Whig Administra- Smith,land bywhich lu very framers admit is, from it« incep- If; Govern Ihe Inoivlduals who buy the Intfhere now,pretence. And, Sir, I will never vote for a sham, amendment I proposed commits noIdares standnpsympathy with any suchnptlons. I detMt tt,and, imlMi (olBeiMt not exercise It as to shock which shall adoress themselves dlrecUv to the ques- to warrant action, I would say not one vrocd fnthar. tion txfore the House. Tbe Mormons, by tbe highest Sell tile land and let the people take caie of (ham'<9 legislate be 'witMnnnt and transferred to ioine about the; deea^amendments offered to it He showed that Congress he last twospoke SlaverythatStoffirstCarsoa H'tblngthe lact of polygamy tbes^ and that BaiaBAKtional feeling, and that it will receive the of I'linols, and Mr. of the for- land districts, either one of which has now five times Mr. MalloeV, of Tennessee, (American,) said, iaernment was not a charitable Institution. Will theygo fuither ana say the Government should not be a all sections of the country, because it is for the com- mer s:iid JoHR WisuT of— which as the saoi the number of voters each one ofgethaveabout selves. 30,0N peo-pow- the two propored^and districu ? I have it fW>m a Mr. Nelsox, of Tennessee, sent aa er of Congress to govern the Teriitorles, with a cer- (American,) npbe entered bisMr. Stevesb, of Pennsylvania, (Rep.,) said Qiat themade aappointed statementestab.tbat there are in Carson Valley at least 30,000 men.,protest against^e not less than li,(X)0 of whom are voters. And the tlireedo lordoes do for practice. I have not and I. do not Intend to spend time now, in attempting to showMr. ICeittMr. HiLij-I do. [Laughter.]Mr. Keitt made further remarks the bin,gonot that are and outlaws. agree they runawaysv,by a military despotism,In subjecting polygamy to the action, of the democ-of these two land districts, we do most effectu-not the Territories ofJefferson and Nevada,instead of constituting these land districts? pt*Jiclor the Territories. Butpresentcapacity, manya Democratic Administra'ion. and for one says the Constitution does not know anything less again in tbe Custom- nouse as I eaaaadcrime to make it Thoughait was before theoffenceof theby country,but last aiid no alwllfpenal eyesnoand mvmlty. The Constitution speaks o! territoryasnightstilltaken the responsibility of proposing that it should befeeling not alone In this community, but in thisaction. Tneseizureday,and hereafter,ammuiilur-n and other materiel of wttr^has no doubt sumption of the discussion this morning, proceeded to of jtaiiic, which Impels men to vote, and to voie|now, Congress has no power over tne people of the Ter- hastened this result These particulars have alreadyleacbed you. We have on board of tne Acaia Mr. govern LiBos arid family, Mr. Saclkixs and family, wtu, with Territories. 1 introduced a resolution, in tlie last Congress, re- tbe people of the TerritoriCeos.nxUtIutumoany wbheicthathausndoebr- their servants, make about a dozen penona. iStecode toThe act of 1790 was general In its application, and Mr. Thatee—My assertion was, that no act had tained. Congress would really be decided to the men sleeping wherever they can find a place toIn theextended to treason and other offences against the been passed against it And now. Sir, there is a most have the same right thatBut IUnited States. Congress, by erecting Territorial intense zeal manifested that something should tie, not govern these colonies. denythat Con-had certain powers, so delegatedj;aone, but voted, to exterminate polygamy In Utahand this. Sir, would seem to satisfy some consciences, AmericanGovernment,that the criminal became amenable to the local law.He admitted that polygamy is a great evil and a that infamous institution, the act with, them Is right where did it get il^ Congress is the servant, stroyed tils sand forts. There can be no lioubtbatgress now has, orever a tohad, right ogfovetrhen MisAVon has really raised the siege, and ieft Ua in-citizens* in the Territoriesof United States. To be explicit if Congress has thattrencliments.A party of a dozen horsemen have jest city, having spiked bis guns and daf-people.is king, andbut the people equal to their zeal to enact we might almost say that Congress can dispense sovereignty. CongressI will not call thembat as the execution of this but they are satisfied with voting against polygamy. coentry.Mr. Speaker,theif must bave used up all hie ammonitloB. On the nightwould be one of their weaknesses. But, certainly acquire it ;cumstuncedt? The great cause of ourtroublesis that in this country to-day, nor has there been in the last where and when did it acquire it> to Why, Sacrificios, probably to watch the movements of tbeoiimlpotencethe whichhasbeendoinggoodserricehere,wentdowntoeven the Church of Rome pretends give Spaniards there, as it Isthe Mormons ha\e been intrusted with the execution revolvers to] -stab or shoot polygamy, or Bkiqhax reasons for its acts; and when it sells Indul- reiiorted tlieyAs abelween Pike's Peak and Nevada.to divide Utahthat the claim made now should not be sustained this House. What Is claimed ? That the Congress of the United States should make an expressionofthe'Saints—sothatmenhavetheir deficien-the merits of men attending to hii aged father, who is veryit to? I say as a penal statute it land to and thereby acquires ugh. govern arnopnt me, for a m-m who sellsThomas M. Tryniski 309 South 4th Street Fulton New York 13069www.fultonhistory.comA-.'-:.r.:.-^^ ^mttttfii.-J.it waspeopleis in a State. Tbesoon re:ua.e its accustaaied Business will cba^.;Into the territory \ —;ojfCongreis gives Congress power toGeveriiHUitever it has mdertaken to do ttThe of this Government, as hat killed by <be explosion of the shells which fell in themore Territories or re- viving that old policv wnicn has led to ali the section- al quarrels between "the States. 1 tell you we caimotat noon I took of a short advantage. 1 am so much of anot know Sir, PopularSover- shell came whizzingover the house near which IRepublican?for tne boat, and on my way to tbe beach aruoegenerally been kept up throughout night tbe firing almost wholly ceaaed, fell iiisioe of the city,firingto MiEA'uon'6 Thia camp.ofof M^AHOH. His prestige, if hebroken,do him reverence. ._ ^ „.,..^_.^ «,morningSeeratagmtM, of Mexi- oates to the 18ih iatelll-March 21—3 P. just arrived from the Citysent to thetj issue a decree to confiscate the jjopertyoi au "«order tiiem nuieTfS?^i'^ifrcSiTubrfSi~oTt^vS£/- /  