 ,,dangerorinconTenienbeinpersistinginthe mustinevitablydie;and the last remnant of of intriguers parading round from State Con- the audience home la that gently pensive mood whichshehas wona la victoryhonest friends of Free- American vote in their and to every dance, but has been forced to resign for eaah pocket, offering Boceess, a jwrtner qtdte as worthy of her charms asConference.if theOr«r tte MiptiitaM.]~to secede from the Union, before a deliberative body charged withCommencing that. tmr-TOBK, XOKDAT, HOY. IS, 1860.TH^ I(BW«T«BKl2l^!Si^^^*»n'o ftVttflMM for tbigl» coptM,at the lowest They have given their support to the Demo-ent from that above indicated^ and that thispolicy will develop itself in time to satisfy thegreat mass of Southern men that they have Fusion mongers of our City and State. A few with which he ventured into the forest aisles and pro-nothing to fear from Mr. Lincoln. We are, discarded officers of the Native American Par- found recesses of VranxiaMP*' stirring Concerto In F The seraw-steamer, Bretnai, from BonOiaaplHClergymen 2!?;!2fa^?me^t«Ser.fcnrarded on application.no otheragnarter of a oeaturv.Haaa Nou also must have his thanks for the couragerofiicui un oMoniieiu mn.to H. J. BATHOM) N»w-T0M Tmn. MawYotk City.thereforfl, t^ite sanguine in the belief that theen the 31st October, airtred at tU( port late iartai^M. The Ca<ui^ aiTived at UvaqxtBl oa Oet M,.S^Sto-i* t^tMumr-'X-Tke TlBM fcr CalMtnU.ft CO..rank and file oftheir lot, once and forever, with the ers of Lincoln and Hamlot.The PaisiDXBT's Oboak.—The officialleve of at Washington seems to be in an amiable ISSSSTJ.that organization have cast insupport- positloB.Thb TiHH roE Caummutu, daaigiied for dtctv racy iirom this policy, the Southern ultraists«llam ta«pniali i^Mrloa, CMUMnia. Oragoa, Wakb- bare, until recently, had little difficulty inorgaaThe C»amms,of HaUCtx, N. S.,araa itraalad, dal.BrtOjh CotqaJHa anfIhe Sandwich Islandc, aadmetac a cMfeplete MgWt of Amerlean Kreati Iti Sni^lB iBofop* dwIiiB the paat tea daya, wlU hathem into linefeet of itself, byan;iij|iga, 'lilimood. Forced to recede from itsPe«ple«aUae—The New AI-'iiiaiyTini.'fM Un llgwai*, U anqOa ttaih for tka them bift once, and it is notit seeks comfort inthat them to recoil from the desperate and treas- Deprived of a new luxury, it falls back apoaSt. Jobxth, Wednesday, Nov. 7. ThePonyExpress,withBanFranciscodateatowhich nUi fcr Aspla- n-lt. TheMaU eloaes at OePoct-ofice at MA. H. Piioe af the paper, In a stoat wrapper, tor B*lUBg, 8 eaate a copy. Acenti wiflsurprising thoee who have so long relied upon themonable schemes of the Diaunionlsts. The American Party,Themembersofthea bargain last August with the firm of Host, Brooxs and Duib, of the following nature :— American Party said voteitsaccustomeddiet Wedonotseethatitsf^iiiMMp' Miirt/kcn^' i<viW, tM;atand Including Oct 2T, arrived here at noonbut they are somewhat grosser, and evidently Through aonte error the news was not iittercepted wtth other arttcleA AaaWahee piad beaa imttmm•I Oa FAiamiQB.' HEWS OF THE DAY.The secession excitement VQ the Sonth contin- uea gtadttBlly to subside, and everywhere oatside of Sooth CaroliBS and Georgia the probability ot"less." It is true. Senator Ohksnct, <rf Sonth.Carolina, and Senator Toohbs, of Geor- gia, have resigned their seats in the United States— informs us— Senate sothetelegraphof State Conventions called to deliberatethey adopteda Democratic State Convention, over whichimpend-ing danger, for which their political dema- aadience in this city, last evening. He avowed hisandbeantifiillythe hard swearing in which very excitable or thoughtless people indulge. But the dis-sellers-out of the American to deliver their goods.Partyhave failedquiteEmperorpresented to Plhmaand dftr di^iatches generally show that a bettar feelingtloBS were passed, deprecating hasty action ;1 s everywhere beginning to prevaiLTettotday Bev. Hisbt Waxd BnoBXK devotedsolemn and fervent vow was received with cheers by the intelligent citizens of Princess Anne County, who well knew the GovernorRailroad have let out the contract for completing the work within three years, for two millions of dollars. Thedlstance Is about 45 mUes.The 29th of November has been appointed by theCassatlim wUl pradateto lessons drawn from the signs of the times. His morning sermon mculcated "Faith in God's over- ruling Providence," while the evening discourse tracra the causes end effects of political events of the last fifty years in America, and the consequentreceived 1,350 ma- But the case of Erie County is still a grosserdiedaythat the Fusion ticket jority in Albany County."duties of CWhistians. Full reports may be foundconstituents.*oftheAmer- wastocausethecount of the late massacre of emigrants cy the Sheke^—a disunion movement grows small by degress fire-eating orators, and mean no more thanfor it from those to whom itIf tke^but nois to be attached to the actionpropositiontaken prisoners. Preparations were being made by i „„jfl.p ofis clear that Fusion ifMessrs.H.,B.andD.since the departure of the last express, lie is stLU indate last Naples./.instanceofWhile these exciting movements are taking ican leaders. Four years ago, the voters of of the United States having arisen, his received positive information that all but eleven of In the other provinces the votes are equally Cavant-par-mjt WenHdartlw«^'^jrtftNS''ifo<teft-'4llg^MMKciteaeat nmi What triU favorable to the Institution ks that <X New- are entitled to flie tiniivided sympathy of all tta teaift nantterad enMrr of oaa «A1(A has aliea<)rtreme South who threatened a disaolntion of efiTorts of the Slavery propagandists whom But as every cloud has its silver lining, so jaotfbotn of harmony as wonderfally as Ouonaa- the Union beware the election, shonld imme- Mr. PixBOi and Mr. Buobamar have sent there this calamity which has overtaken the Cen- Bxi held up Panir for honors to the gaze of Athens,subside into peaceful rabmissionlsta as Governors, Judges, and in other official tral Democratic managers must prove bat we admit a pmooal preference for the opaleace fran^t ofmelodto inventtoa. However, our last word wasshould still have faith in tlieir virtue.The ebullitions of passion, indignation and disappointment which have been exhibited in the Cotton States during the last few days, • D. K. DXWXT is our Agent at Rochester. thcrefore»give us no surprise. They were ex-Albany Regencyusual,In its issue of the 9th, the Comtitution de-votes a column to the Times. Its aim is todistort oar recent remarks on a real peril whichhangsovertheSouth,Intoamenace. Wetoldthem were in of insurrec- they danger negrotions, because they had constantly Informed their slaves that Mr. Lincoln, if elected, wouldat Foit Kermey.There have been no arrivals since Oct 34.Londonderry,andnoanxietywasfeltforpaaaeagaH or ship.ItB (Mr ordsr* ai aarly as possible.Sah FxAaoisco, Tuesday, Oct 27.Avaaeaieata Skla ETealaa. VIBLO'S 6ABDgy—Oraaixo.LAUBi. KKBNX'B THEATBE—Patsio IRB Faxct— Taaoua a«i> PAiHsa.SAXDKN—Bomo Aim Jduit.irAUiACI?8 THSATBK—Funss wm Fna.and John for Sound. ship Marshall, PugetThe Pony Express, with St Louis dates of Oct. 12, arrived at San Francisco on the 25th.The steamer Hoses Tdylor is advertised to sail for"an offer, and bam- precipitate the catastrophe he describes." The is yet expressed that this line will really go Into opera- of the Empress Dowager of Russia, but reaUy b»-WBOWBBTTHXATKE—KoraEaOoosa—HOUXSHOI for emergencies. But they invariably avoidSanaaoa—Sta Daaaxis or Ciua.gOWIBT THKATBE—3pau)Iii(J t RoasES' Ciacus.BABHUVS ICUSKUH—Day and Kyenlng—What Is It ? —Actio Cbildeiii—Resi Elmi«.flOOLBT k CAHPBKLCS, Niblo's Saloon—Etbiofiahof the OANAIr«TBKST—Ho.36S-WHntooa'»FlxaSaumt dentelect.Charmed withCoMe of It—Hr. iancoU*s PoUoy. England. It is well known that this has been who have hearts to feel for innooeaoe made ovadIt wooM be siogulai if aO thow In (he ex- accomplished by the direct and persistent the prey of criming deception. thamost falry-Uke mtif Ihroogh all the tat^lreddiatelyFaMtabed ta the Tnot BoIUIbc, fronUsK the City the day following ftat event There is no rapacities. When these amateur cultivators with blessings to all the honest voters of our with BURBOvaa oa Satarday, for the overture to Leo- Cause of the Fallvn tf tkata» Park, en Park-m, Spraee aad NiHao iti. 1WmW-TORKTHUS(Daily)UpaMtibedevery uraliK aa* eraBiac—Priee Two Onim. erred at UXreason why thej should. Here is no more of the exotic weed shall be taken away, it State. We shall no more have a little knot nora No. I. (played now for the first time hera,) aaatWftisawbe vention to StateTba HEW-TOBK TOfSS (Sani-Weekly)-Thui Doi- that it is ascertained tiiat we are to have a wiped out by removing its official propaga- they carry a Power of Attorney for the full qaeb ftwn a ball at whichCmmawiak,oialladSixDouiuayear.policywhich has beenpursuedforyears,now Slavery in the Territoriesmayin thiswayConvention, professing that*«•*>•'; tin ocvta to eoa aBdna for Fin DouAU. President, than there was in the tors, and!4I9 f*M» wk» wm ttnd ia » CUa <^ FHrE rut- BepublicanfHttrp m»frtctm€tmmlne»pr/tn- kauelf.or retam days of Jacksoh or Tatlob or Fillxokz. The dom in their places.AMther fietny1H>i»>i n»ta BalftM «»»iitp«w<«ton. 1i«^llBir-T0SE TI1CB8 (Weekly)-TwoDoiuMa ^IsnnionisfsStates have dictated theadmirable. Mme.Sobiobbs DmntUB sang the remonstranoe of the Princta la " Robert le DUble" with intense feeling, aad a Uqald tion of a line of policy not essentially differ- under penalty of supporting the " Jacobs on purity of voice which made ns almost forget that wemf Oe of AHMria.y«ar: *wo«*I«Tbm»D«l*m: flre oojlei F^Boi- —*-_-J,,bTM,OneDoVM'atkucompensatum. Thepolicyof this Gov-necessarilyconstrain the incom-ernment,demanding the otherState ticket,"posesBepublican Party,We warned the South of an simplycussion of awith the potent spirit,of County Albany,From these MinisteratParis,liadgivenanexplanationofher ofSouthernmen.SuchanAdministration lotsinthison the 30th. GreatI Gabibaldi and Victor Emakuel in conjunction sacrincepssMDgersspecie.The left Vigorightsgersspecie.The active energies of this great country that 1,676 Democrats mustare now directed to the formation of Free to make up the difference between the actualarb poning meetingsometimesfor want of an aadience. Thesteamshipupon policypoliticalcampaign draws towards a close withIand $185,600 inat the same time for Liverpool, with 120 passen- IIof the States and no line of suiting or injurious to the South.in- must the entire American vote of 8,647 destitute of some prudential considerations, less excitement than Disastrous Eastern anticipated.and (1,000 inWe have advices from the Pacific coast to thehave them joinedmen, with masked faces, entered the Wihnot Proviso, supposing theber.store of Pkabson A Co., and demanded the keys withEight"lican ranks by their dislike of the Native their chivalrous self-sacrifice ;" while at theof the i!9th with masked eight men,tervention.4. Austria considers that the assembling of a Coa-the effects of which he is not expected to recover.FiLLMOBB, and 6,163 for Fremont. This Coun- We assume that this will be the policy of ty should therefore have given a vote of 8,963of arduous and responsible duties ! On theseterms there are very few of us who would notresign the occupations by which we now earn our daily bread. There is a good deal ofmethodtook all the money and specimens of gold it contained. Mr. Pzabson made a movement to leave the room, when two shots were fired at him, one taking effectover the right eye. He Is not expected to live. Six men were sitting around the stove when the rob-GREAT BRITAIN.The Great Eastern wUl remain open to vialtaiaduring the fnnter. Some M,Ma persoas had vtaitad her daring her stay at Milford Haven.but ideaa in that section of tbe Union. the robbers got off with their booty. The advicesSix other men were in the store at thetime,from Oregon are to Oct. 24. It was believed tliat the accounts of Indian massacres in the Snake country has been much exaggerated.thePresidentelect,fromthepalpableneces- fortheFusionticket,whichwouldhavebeenjustbery was committed,offer resistance. anyoftheUlhorseswhichwereinthe bnnwd to death. Mr. Lbht's loss iswere fromtheTerritories;•10,000 and no»e of it is met by insurance.4" '"Portant opinion was rendered at the 6en-necessityfor exercising presenttime, andma:2IMh, Qalden Fleece and Oolien Slate, both shipsin the service. Tha llinister of War taking measures to carry thoEmperor'sSf !!!I!!Ll:.*'"'=""5liabilityquired.masters of the situatioo, and their policy,Mr. EiSFiiLD and his musical of Seventh RegimentOgden, for Callaosays:tn iS^E^?"' wijS^;, ^„**,generalthan to the ideas of the " divine Robbst."iwhaling voyage. ataunbot iawere. don.tended.to keep publicshould an action againstiUnder such circumstances as these, opiaion right, and we hazard the Albany Regency bringvorable news to hand at the same time 01 di- coming*« "i^estedinUnitedStatesstocks,Sailed, Oct 27, ships Panama, for Liverpoollao>^hip Meteor has commenced loading cargo;^°"'*of.~l,—«irL. ''*''*''* ''°''"8W«TM investigated,ol oneS^^^^^ISTM"^ *«" acouitted. A poiVwiD be found m our legal column.forward to the in-of MoiABT and Bows Umpidiy along, in a clear stream, terior is large, but the dty trade use the opportunity would be lamented„?i*y7"* *"«>er heavy fall in Stocks on Sat- ^?S£.^!22f°' ''TM''* '°"TMi"g t¥ lowest pointin favor ofrevealinglightmaking new purchases in rare instances, ana thenmost of the1 ofaofcoa- music recalls RoBBar Baowimia infrom their own market evinces.railways. In" themajorityinburstsofcustomers. Thelittle change since the laat report._,that Admiral Sir Cbaiim HAinmw """on* lenders, but noSlaveryWhat we now have to do1 ,»7S a packages,gooddeal of whichwas heated, fa-ness,A return has been made up at the War OBoe «Mi^Exchange lower—U, simply,in each case does exist, and we of may sayat MWBtjlilly unchangsd prices for desirable lots. Qkb was dull and lower. Cotton attracted moreStatesdestmed to settleequallytexccUent."eign spirits are heavy. Domestic spirits are^°""r £10,000,000—the entireproduceattention at rate*. Sugars, Rice, iteadythe manifest-:that the members ^iproximate toftrat re-Whisky, Tallow, Bpiiita Turpentine, and Provisions werepoliticiansdisposed to doubt the three prisoners guUty? It is a casesteady at ai 50 for choice. Some purchasesSpecialSessionstheregerouslylU. TheabsentmembersbuildbgE estimatedat;has decided that aof stock capitalBepublican Party regardstheTerritoriesandShtveiy,The TinMsChevaUer Brasas has been soiddenly taken* pressure amongCandlesButler Has The Times says-—2BW«0tai«ntraU after selling down to 78, closed7»M§. In the Money market there is increased country, and thatThepoetry. gold were107}®108on Lon-Still, goldScBDMAsnlittle I could understand of his works was admirableiner. Wheat was mainly sought after by shippers, public domain wiu beMessrs. Hunt, Bbooks and Dueb converted into Free ten electorsfora'^K.w to meet the expenses of hostllitieeChina. ThaaeFloor wa» heavy and, in some instances,obtainingrange of 27J4c.B30c., with choice to extrain mn^erits renesL 9>y and Hops were in &ir potency of Federalvoyage.'iand the and fantastie complications, of the Midsummer Thwels an Increased demand,T probable ^1/^? 'MOjON,dwninil Metala, Benm, OOa, Spices, and Whale-iKWi Wtn quiet Freignts were leas active, aul rtMaisBdea dowirwaids. There were 486 vessels trfallclaseetinpott. beenpatronage in moulding the ly within the meaning of the statute, Territories, we refer hSn to Board of Canvassers in every county mightFRANCS.Tbelfe«>(««r of tha 9tt pnaolgatas tha edavea-full relpate theirthat theof New-York, which eral and fire. The spirit'opening Allegrosaron'joltive. The quantity ofgoods goingcent.cheap-predicting that by the free choice offoot of the;It reminds you, indeed, in many of its airy "Dream," bat take all MaHsiLssomi'g typical the steamer for to-morrow short '"«?? H^jis^a'd^rSancet'tJnot toof the year's Inrnaaa" The volanteet* wereturned at 70,000 strong, then as 140,000, and now it (t., not beaNot so Gbkat Sacrifice,the that not have resigned their places, are still not wholly gle. 4,652 majority, thus proving only Thenotheno occasion can arise for Monroe County should, therefore, have givenArrived, Oct 27,UncltSan,from Pana-Eoparorfor every infantrypower«TMr«ra of the Supreme Court, on Saturday, by its application unless new Territories are ac- a majority ofsteamshipit'masterly inactivity.";beeen snmmoned, only'"'^^'ff^ a large circle of Wenda iaand Southtiveshould havegiven,according to the figuresfancies which make Its bed. But subsidiary torrents. Robibt ScBvium into reduce to the wet season, stocks, preparatorynotingeverythose who areother prortsloas are quiet and unchanged, ror- make up a total iat thecurrentyearfroaasubstitutingof South Carolina and the Gulf We believe that "the logic of circum-, paid in advance "—to the Ugliest bidder. We The three chief works of the evening apart, thewith theexception of four or firehabit of" half theside of the way ;" and for fliis, if for were heartag muslo which the world has admired foryears, during the last quarter of a century.cratic Party on the single condition that itsadministrative policy should favor the exten-Bion of Slavery, and rigidly withhold patron-age from all who oppose or refuse actively tocooperate in the support of pro-Slavery South will not be precipitated by a few disap-favor, let us gratefiilly thank the ty may still be in the m*ket for sale ; but thesharp. He began. Indeed, with a somewhat tremulous .,and aneerlalB touch, bat gradually warmed Into a spir-measares. Whenever there has beenited sod weU-aee«nt«dlirterpretatloa«f the eoa-The Olive, (AmerlctB,) fttnS Ltveipool towas abaBdoned July 28 ; a poitlan of Oaanwrnttm landed at St Helaaa oa SepC 10.shrinking on the part of the Koithem Democ-HEWg FROM THE PiCIFIC.Arrlvml efOe Overiasa' Xxpreae—Ibm^prb. 37, near Sugea, bat trS probably get aC Ckaarto break The tac- tics of the ulttaiats have never disappointedreiningby threatening the "Union itaelfbetrayingarrogantwill disgust the<<• •* the—*— CsM—PsUUeal WMtmn.the and np partypower and of tenacitydisunioniam, commonplace mendacity.{saved.The North Briton mtt ashore as Tiifadij. at^AA. H., at Ballycaatte, aboattita hnnrrntiniaiTai dondeny. Every exertla^waf being aaatoU iaat her. The grain was bdagArMrhovaboaidTtotelHirand they rather disappoint us byRegencywere togiveOct 19pectedtheir moderation than by their ^cess. It will be noted that while individuals declare that the Union should be dissolved, legislative bodies, the Governors of States, and public meetings, only propose to call Conventions, or to send Commissioners to sister States, or to raise military companies by way of preparing;;committing themselves or the public to down- right treason. This is wise and prudent, andboozled[suchthe blandishments of BboOkb, theEditor of that sheet knows perfectly well theintrinsic and essential falsehood of his versionof our remarks. He knows perfectly that theretion, although the agent who is a son of Haxshau O. RoBian, protests that his principals are in earnest for a permanent opsosltlon to Commodore TAmxaaru.cause the totins on which the Emperors mat -m-hThere is much real uneasiness in Southern minds growing out of misrepresentation of the principles and pur-we are gratifie4 to see it.and the Presi- A General Convention, or a seriesfiding Regency did not object to make pay- ment in advance. They allowed Messrs. HvNT, Brooks and Ditkb to name their ten American Electors, and were bysyllablerants any such construction as he puts upon itbe $150.Senator Bakis, of Oregon, addressed an immensethe of cannot fail to be attend- posture affairs,ed with good results. Threats of disunion are :dways thrown out in the heat of passionthe Regency rode and ruled with a rod of iron.but as a policy.Twomenweredreadfullylacerated at ErusoVal-onaprotocoldrawnup.Aixxahseb has conferredthey generally:drew. Thetieiilarof theseclared intention of the latter to resign whether whole people, must n'ecessarily draw forth a this county gave to Mr. Bcchanan 7,751 votes the Republicans succeeded in electing Mr. Lix- full and flank statejaftent of the perils and diffi- to Mr. Fillmobe, 6,301 votes, and to Mr. Fbe- cour or notsignificance gentlemen,inasmuch as it was the de- the responsibility of acting in the name of the - street,holds undividedff*ay,Pkaoht, whose speech occupied a week's time. He The official Gazette malntetns that the PoiiUfcaMand as the former could hardly do culties which are to beotherwise in the face of his repeated declarations. the Union, as well as those which are to be;a speech delivered not many weeks ago by .speaking continuously for the past three days, and:anticipatedKingand Dckb had carried out their bargain in Gov. Henhy A. Wise, of Virginia, in which has just closed, and Mr. Ransolph has commenced An engagement took place yesterday betweaa teOn the other hand, indications of movements onthe part of the conservative people in the SlaveStates now begin to reach us. A meeting has months, must elapse before these State Con- been held in Augusta, Georgia, at which resolu-good faith, the Fusion of the Americans withthe Democrats should have given a cleiir and made the following declarationbis reply. Rivxbbt Johhson speaas next for thefourth corps d'armie and the Neapolitan KoyalhikL After a combat of two hours thelatterfeU had apaa GajigHano, leaving a great number of ptisoaets ialha handsofthePledmonieae.NAPLXi, Snnday 1The official retnm of the voting oa the qaaaHaa aCwithin.ventionscanbeelected anddrawntogether and in the meantime, public opinion will have been sobered down by discussion and reflec- tion, and the Conventions will meet under cir- cumstances mare favorable to calm delibera- tion than the moment in which themoderate andapprehendedthat alwaysIstunning news of the Republican triumph reached theirfidelitykeeping every promise.annexation,:in the cities andofprovinces Naflaiitoof theinnearerhome,we find thatKingsMany weeks, perhapsto conciliate theto strike a decisive blow. Austria, through her respect and confidence of the great majority should have received a majority of 14,975 bal- morning.immense armamcats. Stjhne^ i11n1s^i,3s^t^s, tmhaa^t hute,r, ownml,ycounty,what the South would had been faithful observers of their—Thatment. TheCourt-roomhasbeencrowded Naplxs,Tuesday,Oct.30.—Theresultofthevotfac duringon it. If any RepubUcan ispretences,in the land could fail to finddifferent ! "principle,figuresitOil.Davi.s, bearingWednesday themidstofhis RxvsedtJoassoN argument. speakspreparations arebeiai;n exacUy1. x ^i c ii_ ,jAfteeAll.anypointeddemagoguesCaleae^uponintention to abidejwasnot'a inthearticlewhichwar- ThepriceofpassageinthefirstcabinIsadvertisedtostances" willing Republican Administration to the adop-have got rid forever of the men who are in theConcert of Saturday wasExplanatlMiinto irretrievable ruin, merely to make good the threats of these brag- garts. No one has threatened disunion ex» cept the adherents of Bbxckikkidoe, and thisplace,honest and conservative masses, and causeThemen on the Fusion Electoral ticket ctfthe State to Messrs. H., B. and D.; in return for which Messrs. H., B. and D. agreed to give to the said Fusion Electoral ticket the lull vote of theto bethat cast for Millabd Fillmobe, in the strug-to connect atwith theofTreaty laila—£twJiich elected Jahes Buchanan to the of- fice of President.The 7^«u> says that the canBeoftbebraaUag^ar journal, has the Editor for those who would San Francisco aad New-York. Not much confidence the hiterview was ostensttily on account of the Ulimaglebyenduring affection professed by Dueb, and the harmonious utterances^f Hcnt, the too con-other were such as to render a extremely undesirable.protracted lateteeaiieBut let us see the result. Let us, by an ap- constitute the climax of peal to those figures, which cannot lie, dis-Emperoropoo Ce^itcover in what manner aqd to what extent thevictories. Oneofoutside of MONT 6,016. Now if Messrs. Hunt, BrooesNAnas, Saturday, OeL V. VicToa Ekabcu has arrived at Teaao.the naming of tenwhere P. Caooxb of No. 57 State-triumphant majority last Tuesday to the Fu-remaininthe Union twenty-fourhoursafterargument struggle,judged by "19,Aspinwall—we find in 1856 ;ticket ofMessrs. H., B. and D., did not carry out theirbargain, as is abundantly evidenced]in the factontheon another page. Rev. Dr. OsooOD delivered asermon in the morning on the political application place in the South, the President elect will be Erie cast 7,536 ballots for James Bccilanan ; many friends at the North are anxiously the trains had arrived at the settlements in safety, ble to annexation.sion Electoraldeceptionpartdeparture185,4681Noes..Ijmonlyto be made of the principles of Christimi charity busy in search of materials for his Cabinet. He for Millabd Fillmobe 6,520, only leaving inquiring, to what part of the earth has and that strong hopes were entertained of the escape1conveyed in Christ's Sermon on the Mount.Tlie steamship Bremen, from Southampton on wiU not confine his inquiries to the States 6,901 votes for Col. Johk C. Fbemont. Putting be betaken himself? His devotion to the main body. ^ Toaiv, Tuesday, Oct M.the 31st of October, arrived at this port late last which gave him their suffrages ; and what is the Democratic and American vote together, South forbids us to believe that he can have The first considerable rain of the season occurred Emamubl had arrived at Sessa.night. Her advices'are three days later than thosereceived by the Persia. The causes which led tothe disruption of the Conference of Sovereigns atWarsaw were subject of speculation in the fail to take into his Council men who were their Fusion Ticket ; but what must be the any moment need his trenchant arm to pointin Oregon on Wednesday, Oct 17.unprecedented in the case of a President tri- umphantly elected by the people, he will notit will at once be seen that the Regency were entitled by contract to a majority of 6,155 forcrossed the to at a time briny deep Europe,Gabibai.91 had gone to the head-qaartsrs of k*when the sunny section of his nativity may atprominent journals. The London Times insists arrayed against him during the late exciting disgust of all upright commercial minds, on with his sword the road of her conquering The Pony Express, from San Francisco on the a reconnaissance was made bythe Sardlataaa •• thathat it was in consequence of the impossibility of canvass. The selection of such men as Johk that thisany agreement among the antagonistic elements learningof which the Conference was composed. Bell, Johk H. Bott?, Ehekson ETHXRinoKand day gave a majority ot more than one thous- New-York. This destination, then,The Neapolitans had made another at- ft'isTxa Davis to takeof the severalout of the he has retired toThe Pony Express from St Louis on the lOth of which clam- October, arrived at San Francisco on the 29th.and Government, company Comingquestion, manybelieve thatchargeeightplacedvery County upon hundred for Lincoln andtheycamp beingOctober, passednoon. By this arrival we get tlie following news :last Tues-Liberty !asmarch Northw^ard to in 31st of here at i}* o'clock this after-tempt to retrieve their fortunes in the field,in an attack upon the troops of Victob Emancel. DepartmentsAfter a dem>erate struggle, however, theyvwere re- Tjvith wise and firm men of his own party in County gave 14,174 votes for Buchanan ; for producing region has been formally dissevered Mines case continues. Randolph having spoken con- enemy.polsedrWitn the loss of a great number of men the Free States, cannot fail, without any Fillmobe, 8,C47 ; and for Fbkmont but 7,840. from the Unitcd'States by the decree of Gov. tinuously on the side of the Government every day VicToa EuAHDXL is, nevertheless, expected to eatarthe trial, nearly all the lawyers of the pity giving in the Kingdom of Naples, with the exception of tw* tacks. There is very little other news of interest. have, but it will give assurance that Mr. Lin- But the fact is that Fusion only received the Federal officers of South Carolina who their constant attention to the great intellectual strug- provinces, from which are still wanting, are as fol-mayFulton left this port on Satur coLN meditates no encroachmentbargain.purpose is to defend herself from aggressive at-iTheday, at noon, for Southampton and Havre, with 93— SlatofOctober,bytwoPonyExpresses onetele-lows : Ayes, 1,102,499 ; Noes, 9,371.Roui, Saturday, Oct 27—Lamoaiciiu has beaacreated a Roman noble.AUSTRIA DECLARES HER INTENTIONS.of graphed from St. Joseph and the other from Fort States out of the uninhabited territories. It majority for Fusion upon last Tuesday even- capacity beingtheirsomefriendsAccordingnot expected to recover. Circumstances have the prohibition of Slavery, he could not, if he William Henry died ;'' and havesobeen developed in connection with the case lead-iiwto the supposition that the poison was ad-mimstoredby a young sailor named H. W. Jbk- recommend the policyevening, at the Aca-and he will be too sunrise and sunset on laat election day, the demy of Music, and brought together the fdithful Com- The Legi9loture4djoumee onthe Itth, having passedanraa and two other persona, all of whom are also wise fuid too politic to advise an unnecessary,patieata Ui the Institntiea, with the object of caus-benighted Lincoln.the Cape Colony has been of tha however, produced their effect, and relieved the mate the current expenses of the State for the two Bwst grgUfylng character.mg OnxT'a death and thenhim ofThe su»-impracticable effectofwhichmustbetorepeltheconserva-arbehheludinabeltabouthiswaistthrongnue, ware boHMd down early last evening, and 80composera,pnt(of which crime he la constantly accused by half therobbing$200PassingtoMonroeCounty,thesamefailurefromthatoutsidepressurewhich,hipasttimes, nextensuingat|S2,M0, Therecantmassacre TheDukeDiCAiisdiedatParisonThursday,Oct yearsbut, practically, there isFiLiMOBi, 3,070—an aggregate of7,753 "cosmopolitepatientlycorrespondenta^rs:1have gone over to the Republicans, but alsomay be inferred from the fact that, on the very day of their forwarding to Mr. Buchanan the documents dismissing Uncle Samuel from hisnews seeiqs to paralyze both wings of the Democra- cy. Senator Gwia and Ex-Senator Wxllxb, on theirKearr.ey. The stcimship Moses Taylor, the first would be next to impossible to counteract ing and what it should have been haid.the full of theirs introduced into the State Legislature LiHCOUi's election, and the Republicans are gaining THonvmL the Austrian policy.of the new " People's Line," was a'dvertised tosailon the 19th inst., to connect.'at Aspinwall withthe Coalzacvalcos for this port. The news of the tration thoroughly imbued with the spirit of favor October elections, resulting /is they did in such afor thesweeping triumphpeared to have paralyzed both wings ofthe Democracy, and the Republican leaders were task of checking the spread of Slavery will be tors given to Messrs. Hunt, Bbooes and Dueb,a bill providing that the patriotic gentlemen instrength rapidly, as they recruit mostly by drawingonly advantage paign opened.tills national impulse, by a Federal Adminis- American and !His ezplanatioB contains four points-.Slavery propagandism ;while to an Execu- notonlydid theRegencyshould continue to receive out of thenot receive one sin- State Treasury the same salary which was most the1. The faiteiigc policy of evanBtate being taWmataly they have had since the cam- connected wtth its extetioc poUey, Austria vrlU ftftfm-Republicans, ap- tive in full sympathy with the masses, the gle American vote in return for the ten elec-allowed them the National Government. byThis strikes us as a bar-The Republican leaders are hopeful of carrying thewith the reforms announced In the "IM- "shicerltyplom of Oct 20.2. Notwithstanding the complications in Italy. Aoa-tria nill maintain her line of defensive policy. The present armaments and concentration of troops «a—han hopeful of carrying the State for Lincoln. • At easy. There will be no necessity for Con- but that they even lost more t 1,675fortheDemo- gain resignedofficers.Theyarenow State,andwerenottheelectionPeru, in Eldorado County, a remarkably bold rob-bery occurred on the evening of the 29th of Octo- gressional legislation ;to do saveobject oj repsUing ms9where- The are now the as it really did give a majority of 3,525 to Lin-of which left New-Yoik and reached the same day,gimentErleoandymto execattoa."ofencourage their diffusion North andprinciplesbya majority5^ V**f ?" r""''"^' l^lj Slavery party can never in this 28,887 in favor of the Anti-Republicanbut measures. Itfour UnowevidentthataPro- Fusion,44,064Earl Ma.-»vis» died at the age of last82onSatuidar;year* ago,They should incul-of the Statewith noting CityTrade with the moderately ac- country continuesit is feared,the beath-bed of this distUgulshed 'n«>','2°^^Slaverythey have no occasion for legisla-restriction,regain powercan never be ex- lition.quietsales at SSltclbaXc..was seised with a sudden and severewhich has caused serious anxietyattack ofm- tohtefttods.as colnandHamun.-under falsehowThe overture Calm at Sea," was Indeed a happylet of Americanat 91c The export demand fortax.The Times saysFillmore vote been cast in itsWe thus learn that in Kings County, questfondispose thereof—always for "consideration hlBi ahe cboee. .folsehoods aremore nutritious thanany made costmoreeffort.tO-day.The Constitutionholding negro insurrections in terror over theset them free.saysthis isPanama Nov.steamer Ooatzacoalcos, for New-York, thus forming what Is denominated " The People's Line " betweenby the Czar to a revWoa of thebeing the main object of the poUey of Saada." ,South." "Not a word of rebtike," adds thiswithbeing adopted citizens driven ^into the Repub- receiving the thanks of a gallant people for by ail parties to the Republicans.individuals ofand the enactment of a cratic votes by the bargain these probably leisure,thing possible,nothingprospective wiiming side, the State would be given up attack.3. Austria will not abandon the system of non-i>-in both branches oflaoDey and specimens of gold which the safe con- eommitted strongly against that policy, would American Party. they just Eldorado Coimty, and demanded the keys of the safe, gIrtaelsisan question, unless the ^at Powers agreeot the safe, which they procured, and took all themajoritiesCongresssame time will continue to draw aswould not bring about a practical solution of thamany dimes and just as many dollars as Uncleat thethe room, when two shots were fired at him, from highly prejudicial to the dilTnsion of liberal ty gave 4,415 votes for Buchanan, 4,548 for Samuel formerly paid them for the discharge He gave up the key when they opened the safe and ever, there is Utile likelihood.taiaed. Hr. Pxabsoh made a movement to leave be an act of wanton offence to the South, and In like manner we find that Renssalaer Coun-same time at Mr. Pbabsoh. forehand on a common prDatamme, of whio, how- presenting pistolssity of the case, as well as from all we have a majority of 3,810 over the Republican vote.in the madness of these people, after all. what does the State gain by the change ?Amaaements.The Philharmonic Society will be able,Butbutbeingunarmedthey did notThe Prince of Wiles had not OB Tuesday, Oct SO.arrivedat PljmuaftCapt:ISAAflGilltandamannamedMahoxet, learnedofthewisdom,moderationandgood But,inthewordsofalamentedorator,whoseboth of whom are in the Now- pstiantaYorkHos- senseofthatdistinguishedperson. Withboth name,justatpresent,wefiultoremember,LargequantitiesoforeofIheCalaverasCopper Mines await purchasers. San Francisco shippers will only pay $S5 per ton for it landed on the wharf* The miners are still bhsy running tunhels, &cLordPauoaafM asldad On Friday, Oct St, prover the annual meeting of the Leeds Ragged SchoolSociety.His Prince Auaan embarfcedia tha Royal Higneaspital, were poisoned on Saturday by the mixtureofOrotonOilwitH their food, and the former isfor "were so disposed, do anything more than greatly in Renssalaer County that betweenbranches ofinhavesinceCongress against legislatingthingsgeneralchanged greatly changedere long, to "declare the close of its sweet century." Th^ 75tli;Emyaiuareception throughoutand offensive the measure, onlypeet^rattiea are In custody, and they admit hav- tive and Union-loving people of the South from of Hunt, Bbooes and Dceb to cany out the has so often sweUed the coffers of the Society at the of emlgrante by the Snake Indians forma the princi- 25, in the Slst yearof his age. He was eaa of theutf (IrcJa the oil, but excuse themselves by saying his support terms of their contract with the Regency for expense of the comfort of their audiences. pal cause of the memorials to Congress. The estab- "notabilities" of the First Brnptee aad the Baatara-it was date by way of a joke and not with a crimi- The election of Mr. Lincoln has been suffi- the delivery of the American vote at the Fu- ScaCHAsa, Buruovas and Mskssusobn were rep- lishmen of military posts along the Una of the over- tioB. The Duke has left a mas* of papen, paitian-DaldMifB.The latge atablea owned by Charlis List, at cient to reassert the time-honored constitu- sion warehouse, will be made painfully con- thesethe comer of Thirty-second-street and Tenth-ave- tional power in Congress to exclude Slavery spicuous. Buchanan had 4,683 votes here ;while at the the Pathfinder" had but 7,684 sustainers.heard through his third Symphony, and acquitted by a compe- tentjury. Nounseemlyapplause,however,followed the verdict, aad the approval won by this composi-The Tisus' F.'iiis169 to the Fusionticket,tion was so modest in its sincerity that It seemed to this port within a fsw hours of each other.of did only actually givewhat jury of intelligent—MxnsBLsaoaa is who shall say"ing a small ;brandv changed tunasWheatsiuaU «n"""=0^1insUtutions of thethe case ofnominally established on » soU as UtUe tion. Messrs. Caq^EB, CaVBca oad 8i9BX9a0 (oiiuetrf la tu4 way o( aiwirwiBi with » new fuMj eiaje treasure shipments wlJl go forward J^llWtiow,Concert was givenThe dates from are to the 2Sth of October. Oregonhave been rendered rather to the masterly erolutionaiUru Favorite, tor Cal- Ocean Bird, on a The cUpper-employer,oncitizens gave a majority of 286 for pany of the musical elect In large numbers. The se- a large number of bills and a score of memorials to rlOBS political and finanelal complications of the day, Congress. The Committee of Ways and Meaas esti-Saturday-Saraiuu,Panama, ;Wednesday,the doctrine of non-intervention Constitution deny the reality of the peril? Or with Slavery in the Territories, not as a principle,Does the Is it only solicitous to shift the responsibilitybygoguesare aloneresponsible.? latter be its purpose, its anxiety is natural— other journal to lay the foundation for such insuireo- tionsthroughouttheSouth. Whereverithas had access to any slaveholdlng community, itleytheSSth, bypremature dlscharge^ffor it has doneanynia, Ohio,RepubUcanof Austria hasOoaTsoBAXOPr a snnff-box richly set with dtaaoadb'AFFAQIS IN ITALY.Tvini, Saturday, Oet.«.and hisofgeneralthanksgivhig.inBut now, the melancholy contingency whichofMr.Wiseoutdaylegionsleft bank of the Gnrigllano.Naplxs, Saturday, Oct V.GABtBiisi and EiiAHtnL, whose military iiiiiiiillwa Coney Island, The argument in the New-Almada Quicksilver are now combined, are preparing for a battle with thabelongsthenon while firing a salute in honor of the Pennsylva-The great New-Almaden Quicksilver Mine case Is still pending in the United States Circuit Court The has filled their ears with the falsehoods which argument was opened for the claimants by J. C.as much asandIndianathem, named Gatuu Cahfton, will probably lose both eyes.may bear their fruit in these bloody scenes.Whitbeb has he Fled?—We have. on recordwasfollowedbyEdhchsRandolph,for the Govern- ment, who spoke during the entire session of another week. Hon. J. P. BiHJAiair, for claimant, has beenaprisoners are treatea wtth geijeio lty aad oHettaAikpious gentlemanclaimants, when Mr. Ranbolpb will make the:" I w^ill neverclosing Goveraiuent As an intellectualthe7,036 votes. But Lincoln's election, so help me God!" This The Directors of the San Francisco and San Joseresented la the orchestral programme. The first of land travel from the Missouri River to some sate pointprayed for, 8BIFFINO ANn COMKXBCIAL NIWS.Sah FsAaoisco, Wednesday, Oct 31.with the Dake aa during his London Embassy.RteaBuaa,on Us trial for murdering harmony on the Columbia River is alsolarly his correspondencecritics of the art,) wasofperformers,ThisthirdSymphonythrowsuphereandtherea hundredtonsofwheatfortlieEnglishmarketThe samebut we shall content ourselves sweet or sparklingl musical thought, but lacks gen-; SOth, Septwu'sresults ia a are observable through all the other countiesverydan- of his «»mlly havetheit grona turbid soon with earthy deposits, and sudden onlv of sufficient extent to 8U orders in handof each lies not Inbe patiently sought for,but in the rock, and must 'bored and blasted out. after,;been quite active for Isthmus. The Uncle Sam brougntas Socsatis said ofon the Fusion Electoral Ticket and what I could not make out 1 have no doubt was 30c.Night'son New-Yorkmusic. It leavesbehind adelightfiilthrill not un- <S2 « cent Sight Echange toSM«l » cent-, according toplacers,Hebacutos,New-Mexico, where Slavery has be safely cited as witness for the prosecu- mlagledwith regret This master has a daUdoas Tola at as 7»®t8 80, and the '',"«'«"K^*^iS,itJ!TMPP'yTMSto-mSr^ tt«aeuppleaMtadMttfk*^««tr«EOnWMioa'M-Untitled Documentit, ttal b amlaently worthy of study lattaa. Bsaonvaa, It is true, ooold ilag ami.abeUemay berappoaedto carry away with her boa-Sailed, United States steamerforsbip George Lee, for Hong Kong, Oct 30forthis case has seldom had an equal.GovemsrforaRecent Intelligence from Oregon says that the ac-as follows Indians was much exaggerated. Col. Wright had Ayesnext, when Mr. Rardolph makes the closing argu- made for his reception.political tour, acoldly received,post-'IwiBHiunifiMifflm. ABHivAL or VBato instruettonB raoeived fiom Coaat Dougla5lteE fare little better. All parties concede RaoBBaas, Prince Mimaincn has expUlned to K.The inridgers are gaining some incidental advantage, al-volunteers from the Douglas Democracy.Breek-being very good so nearathand,mak- ing it difficult for politicians to change in favor of theOn the eveningfaces, went into the store of Peakso.v A Co., at Peru," What minished shipments from New-York, a t>etter tee^ shows the sums that have been voted by PadiaiMBtarose enabling holders to attain an »dvance. im inihafebeen made for New-York. Barley fo^ M°»._ jfo,There were noof the VanderbiltFAILURE OF THE WARSAW ^ CONFXRSNeB.signs Oct 11.at B00> am."It Isserted and believed that the fallare of>the Watiiw:The Daily tfnos says very ceMid)rConferences mainly arose from Sepraaiaeooe^iMBWaisaw,Friday,Oet» It is stated that the Warsaw interview miliilitiji to the last a purely pensnal character as regaitoboth the Princes and their Ministers. At tha JTtttrview on Thursday last, no sUpulatton was ^ aiada,convertlon of any kind was concluded, nor was evatTheacm- RicBBxaatheGrandCordonoftheorderofStAa-of the eleven that had become separated from the LATX8T ITALIAa VlWg.STILL LATER NEWS.Fo^T Keaxsbt, Saturday, Nov. 10.King. SassA. Tuesday, Oct Ml After the concentration of the Saidtnlaas milMJaj.To-morrow the Coortofthe result of the voting on the qnestloa of aVenetia have no other than thaton Wednesday, Sept 1«, for England. His"It Is stated that thefourthbattaUlonshall betaW re-U iJ- deci-" We hear vrlth sincere regret that' Sjs^A-Thomas M. Tryniski 309 South 4th Street Fulton New York 13069?^^ '^mwww.fultonhistory.com 