 #sculptured onthesidesofthebank onwhich Bhere- Ireland 36 16•••.the indestructible Fanariotes. They would continueto be the administrative initiators, the expounders of 18; the boilers are located in th e hold; she has three.•NEW-YORK DAILY TRIBUNE. SATURDAY, MARCH 3, I860.©n t h e q u e s t i o n t i l l t h e e v i d e n c e i t s e l f i s p r e s e n t e d , i s not unreasonable.—The prevailing taste for historical research givesns frequent new and curious glimpses of men, quite atvariance with their traditional character. Thus, the"saintly Archbishop Leighton appears, through some a considerable fund which can be legitimately employed born on their soil.rt-\••!t o g i v e t b e p e o p l e o f t h i s ' c o u n t r y & d e e p s e n s e o f t h e importance of the motor wbkh, itIs believed, wilt »W- fcatery revolutionize both -war and ©ommerce on theoeean.WORTEg FROM FAMOUS BALLADS. FOR CHILDR-RNj B y 6 n j » c s ( h i « i n K > o o . Item., pp. ML. Tieknor i t Field*.of these before us may be safely commended to teach-From official Eources we have obtained some in-inserf-teaching,orevencheapteaching,butwitha good instructor, Mr. Richardson's system forms a good hook. *4self"didjustlythinkit."'Prayforme,"hecontinues, " as I know you do, that the Lord may keep me from like folly."—TheStatuteLawCommissionhasbeeninexistence in England, from 1835 to 1858, at an expense of $400,- 000, and y e t it is now stated on the highest authority that the bills for consolidating the law are so badlyTheOttomanEmpireisspeedilyapproachingits partment, the number bora in each State, and ap- final dissolution; more speedily than ever since itspp. m The S U M .Qadati H :ratii >la<Jc> Oper* Omnia, o x Reeenaione A - J .tianity in Ceylon," a work on " Belgium," and many others, which nevor made the least impression on theis more largely represented than the North. Iathe Patent-Office there a r e 5 3 from slave t o 3 2Sultan's European possessions would have to deal with mutual envy, nay, with mutual hatred, among; pay the expenses of freight, packing, ccc, which : must—when that ceases—be realized from an additionalpercentage of price. .—The great care that-was taken in t h e earlieat E n - glish colonial enterprises to America for the spiritual ! welfare of the adventurers, has made the ecclesiastical; libraries and record offices of England the custodians of • B&ch important a n d valuable information. These sources have onlv o f late oegun to be explored, and a s I instances of the interesting leeults may be mentioned '' the long-lost journal o f Bradford, lately printed by the Massachusetts Historical Society, and the copious se- . ries of documents procured by Dr. Hawks, and formingthebasisofhisHistoryofNorthCarolina. Fromthe ' -original manuscript in the library of the Archbishop of Canterbury, a t Lambeth Palace, Jdr. C. C. Deane has printed for private circulation, " A Discourse of Vir- ginia," by Edward M. Wingfield, t h e first President of the Colony. It is edited with notes and an intro-poses. There is nothing of the severity of the antique school attempted in the treatment ofthe subject; bot, on the contrary, there is the attempt to produce the effect of color by polishing parts of the costume which is in as violent contrast to the antique as the polychromatic, oolering of marble attempted by Gibson, the English- sculptor.England 1 2 6 Scotland 2 32 France 6Germany 9 4 West Indies... 4Spain 1Switzerland... 2Poland 3Canddb 2Hvngary 1PIUK ' 1 l t a l j 1catedwhich divide the dogmas of the two Churches. N o religious fervor could have carried them so far as to give to a worship in a foreign jargon, unintelligi- ble to them, preference over one performed in their native tongue. They were inspired by the hope oreditions have already been sold, and they have paid the authoress two checks for £200 each within four months.—The irrepressible conflict always in action in the lower part of the city between increasing business and varied accommodation has gradually driven th e book trade from its former haunts, and after the 1st of May there will be few important houses engaged in i t below Canal street. Messrs. Appleton &> C o . a r e removing to the new white marble double store ia Broadway, between Howard and Grand streets, prob- ably only for a year or two, as it is understood they will ultimately occupy spacious premises adapted especially ior their wholesale business to be erected in Mercer street, near the elegant store of Messrs. Mason Brothers, and in close proximity to Messrs. George Leavitt &cCo. (the publishers and trade-sale auc- tioneers), with other houses, to whom a location in•W ARD E P A R T M E N T .another competitor, whose antagonism uniting with those already existing—France, Spain, Naples, etc., may sooner or later attempt to drive her domi- nating flag out of the Mediterranean. Austria, or thy Hapsburgs, who so long as their sands run are con- demned to be detested^ by their neighbors—Austria cannot be willing to have a t her back a State af- filiated either with Russia by identity of creed and race, o r with France by the brotherhood o f new- ideas. Ideas of any kind are dreaded and abhorred in the Viennese Burg, and the Bonapartists are a t times the fated bearers and disseminators of strange notions, as has been the case recently in Italy. Such are some of the external diplomatic difficulties in the way of creating a single State upon a dissolution of the Moslem sway in Europe.Other and far greater impediments will arisefrom the nature of this region, ethnically BOcheck-ered by different elements. Some portions o f E u -ropean Turkey have already enjoyed a kind of self-government and o f partial independence under theSultan as lord paramount; others, not yet emanci-pated administratively, will b e attracted towardthese by affinities more o r less natural and genuine.If a Christian dynasty should succeed the rule o f theSultans over all the lands of European Turkey, of clusive of those lost in the Hungarian Two steamers and it is expected that tho.entire road will be completedBroadway is n o t of such Messrs. Derby & Jackson,paramount importance.ATTOKNKY-OKNRKAJUBorn.Jere. S. Black P a. A. B.M«Caljnont. Ass'tAtt'y Gen.Pa.Appointed.P a.Salary. $8,000 3,000Salary. $ 6 , 5 0 0 6,000 6,000 6,0.')0 6,000 6,000 6.U00 6,000 6,000J. HOLBROOK,. Special Agent, l'o«t-Oflic« Department Hon. JO*BPH HOLT, FORImatter-Gener»l. • '• - ..... 8ev«ralofthefineoldEnglishballad*arehereren- letterstohisfatherlately exhumed in,theStatePaper onlyintheerectionofa building fortheuseofmem-,Of the 33 New-York members, only 24 were horn in that State, but New-Yorkers are found represent-governmental traditions, the dragomans between water-tightbulkheadH,.audalargeand plej*<tnt cibiahers; b u t they appear to bs in a comatose coaditipn,and we hear of no steps being taken by them toward,productions for young readers. They will form an ular provost named Oakeohead, distinguished by a the accomplishment of the object which the public ing twelve States. Virginians and Kentuckiansdered in a popular proee version, with the vivacity andoffice, jn the light of a frolicsome school-boy writing tothe new Sovereign, his Court, and the variouB pop-ulations which a r e to b e governed. They wouldrepresent th e Byzantine traditions of corruption,sublimatedbythoseoftheseraglio,aswellasbylong contact with European diplomatic intrigues ina»<l about the Porte. The Provinces t o be ruled felt and iron. J . Westervelt &c Sons are the buildersgraphic effect which are characteristic of the author's apologize for the perpetration of a squib on an unpop-on deck; water-wheel guards fore and aft. In ad- dition totbese the is fitted with one independent stetca, fire, and bilge-pump; one bilgt-inj'-ction, and has bot- tomvalvesorcockgtoallopeningsinbottom,andisu The Illness of Washington Irving," is the title ofan appendix to a medical pamphlet recently publishedby JOHN C. PETERS, M. D., the family physician oftheillustriousauthor. Itcontainsaninterestingstate- drawn asto bequiteindefensibleanduniotelligible. ment of the physical condition of Mr. Irving during his The bill on " Libels" it is said, for instance, must haveare as follows:' .-treatyofParis." Theprophecythat thecrescentis Morea sufferedinthelastyearsoftheByzantine 386 to fall from the cupola of St. Sophia after having Empire. Then the administration of the Peninsulaonboardandtookpoesetsionofher. Itthenappeared that all bands had been ashore o n a jovial frolic, a n d that no one but the mate was sufficiently recovered u> return to duty.•1II\\hli ulatter years, a n d a n affectionate tribute to the focia!and domestic virtues "which, were a perpetual source ofadmiiatknto the writer throughout his professional could make head or tail of his work. The difficulty ofago seemed to have been brought about by the nat-less than the extortions of Constantinople and of itshowever, a r e makingMr. Dix makes another in a sailing ship^or t h etraits, exact'y aimjlar in style and execution. " T h eChore*-of-Kj.glax d Gallery"—heads of eminent clergy-men—; iofcuedati>,»;e*cli,while"TheBeamand HThe Har" is charged at 4/.•—Tie "Hulsean Lectures" of th* live: year wer*-. de- KvfredbeforetheUniversityofCambridgebythe Rev. C. J . EJIicote, w*H known for his Critical Commenta- ries on St. Paul's Epistles. They will shortly be pub- lished under the title, " The Life of our Lord Histori-cally Illustrated."youthful compositions in poetry, dating from before he the month.sentatives,. &e., w e gather the following facts:Ode-sixth of the whole number were born in Ne.w-Ytjjrk,one-tenthinPennsylvania,one-tenthinVir- audChristiansbyMohammedII.afterhefinal-a taken a Messrs.Pa. 4 horn in Free States; 1born in Slave State.. movestore near Broome street, on t h e east aide.Bangs, Merwin &. Co.. the well known Literary auc- tioneers, have in contemplation to remove to t h e same vicinity. Messrs. Appleton 6c Co., before leaving their old establishment, will offer a t auction a selection of their finest *to^k, embracing some of the most splendid illustrated and ornamental works that have ever been imported. .'—It is a fact, credibly stated, that a London pub- lisher of some position, actually offered to Mips Ei-an* (sow called Mrs. Lftwisj for her new book, about to beissued by Messrs. Blackwood, £4,500 or $&i,500.—A curious guage of professional profits in given. by the publisher of two series of photographic por- —As the Annual Exhibition of the National Acade-t o that favoredthoroughfare,having3 appointed from Free States; 2 from Slave State*. JUDICIARY.—A remarkable discovery relating to Lord Maoauiay» announced by Mr. Hitten, the antiquarian booksellerof Piccadilly, London. It is the bringing to light of the exhibition, is busily at work upon a vigorous canulticut; 1 from Florida born in New-York.Nine members represent Northern constituencies,the Fanariote colony grew, and in the course ofcenturies it has received an uninterrupted succes-the Potomac River. ,A/UTASJentered histwelfth year. They are said to be " on every conceivable subject:" " Epitaph on Henry Martyn" (themissionary); " Address to Milton;" " Waterlo >;" several love songs, showing an unsuspected sympathy with the tender passion, etc. Verses by Coleridge and etherdirtinguanhedliterarymenaresaidtobeincluded—The interests of art suffer greatly in this city from the want of a suitable building for the exhibition of paintings and statuary. There is not, in fact, an apart- ment in New-York, except a few private ones, where works of J»rt can be exhibited to advantage. The cot- ton spinners andcalico printers efManchester,En-ix Virginia and 1 ia Kentucky; 3 from Indiana, all men forcibly, fatally degraded by oppression, cor- with a vertical direct acting engine; diameter of cylin- North C a w l i a a r - C w w ^ ^ ^ ^ S , ^ ^ ^ b)m in Kentucky; 1 from Illinois born in K^n- roded to the core, by immediate contact with der, 44 inches; length of stroke of piston, 11feet 3 Guilford, Roman, Snn7,^njLadjaia^c9tm^e^T •in this precioue collection, whose discovery is, to say gland, have set on foot a subscription for the purpose tfce least, so opportune, that a reservation of judgment of raising a hundred thousand pounds sterling, to besented wholly by penons born in them: New-Hampshire, Vermont, Rhode Island, Con-necticut, Delaware, Virginia and North Carolina. Untitled Documentsteam-drum, 8 feet 2 inches^; number of furnaces, 2 in assertion that they do not appear TOU^ly «vorj each; length of arate-bare, 6 feet 9 inches; has 10 eeventeen yeara. None of the Soathera tribe (thirteenyear loevsta) appear this year.Hrubicund nose and a tendency to deprive the boys of naturally expect them to fulfill. If they were but to theiraccustomedsports.Thelinesaresoneatasto makeacommencement,theycoulddoubtlessmeetwithare found from six states; those born in Tennessee, Connecticut,Maine,MassachusettsOhiofromfive States, Pennsylvania, Georgia, and Maryland from three States.attractive and valuable addition to the juvenile library.,"Richardson's Method for the Fiano-Forte," a work ofremarkable merit,and compiled byan American artist of reputation, has received the honor of several edition* by Messrs. Diteon & Co., Boston, and the lastThe college anthoruiee, he tells his father, considereders—goodones-^fortheirpupils. Wedonotbelieve thisproduction"notsoheinouBathing"ashehim- terestingfact*relativetotheGovernmentofficialsprotected frOm communicating fire from the boiler b /deserve preservation:" Tbat which hlo name import* Is falnely sold, Thatofthe'Onkeu'weodhis'head'ismade. Kor why ! If it had b««n composed to,Bi» flaroing nose had fic^d i t long ago,"hearty encouragement from our solid men.been prepared by some young gentleman whose n o -33 , 405 593tions of the criminal law were so confused that aobodyural current of events. But this interposition, instead124 of strengthening the "sick man," only exposed the best intentions, would unavoidably be unsuc-connection with the deceased.Tb* Satire* of Jnv«n») P*r*io#, kc, translated b y the Rev. obtained. For thirty years he has been an author, order of favor. In almost every office the^ Southsatraps. The new Government, even if actuated by more fully h i s corrosive cancers a n d putrefying cessful. , The. newly-created Kingdom o f GreeceBOOKS RECEIVED. inl. Tbird Edition. Uriah Hunt & Son.advances very slowly, although—as said before^—it has to deal with a single indigenous, ethnic ele-" telling a plain.tale" on a legal subject seems common to all countries.sores. A strong stimulant often hastens death.—Sir J . Emerson Tennent is an instance of the from the District of Columbia as from anyjof theAmerican N»tur*i Hl«tory. B y John D. Godxoan, If. D. 2 TCJK. laborious process by which a great success is finally States; Virginia and Pennsylvania next Tank in The diverse component elements of the TurkishLewi* E»an*, M. D . 12r»o. p p 5 1 2 . Harper k Brothers. publishing a "History of Modern Greece," "Chris- A.«*chyh>» vx wMartm* Recension© Frederici A. Paley. 18mo.Empire in Europe aTe held together solely by force, ment. A n y Christian successor whatever t o t h eJanizarian in fact, if n o t in name. There is not even any such abnormal cement, as is loyalty to the Kaiser in Austria, existing in European, nay, in theMaclean*. lSaao. pp. 21L Tbo same.TboPowerofJetnaChriattoSa-r©untoth* Uttermost. By the public Stillpersevering,however,andhavingsome- from free States; in theLand-Office 92 to 78.that the new Government steamer Pensacola/now a t bis variegated subjects. Their fusion is abnormal, Gosport, Va., recently built at the Warrington, Fla., heir repulsionsirreconcilable. Even theunityin Navy-Yard,will besenttoWashingtontobefinished off. There are two vessel* of war daily expected at this port—the Perry, and Vincennes. The Savannao and Saratoga were a t Vera Cruz on th e 20th ios^, allBev.A.J.Campbell.\2mo.pp.329.BobortCarter&. majorpartofAsiaticTurkey.NorarethesepartsBrothers. thing to say, he brings out his "'Ceylon." Thisat Maine, Pennsylvania, Georgia, Louisiana, Mary-Hoveward Bound; Or, The Cbeao B y J. Fen!more Cooper. once acquires a sale and a popularity greater than any land and Virginia,' have the largest representationone Church of all the varims peoples is powerless ganized State, substituting in t h e administration of 'O conciliate these repulsions. Nay, the centraliza-ninstoaied b y F . O . C. Darley. 12mo. pp. 532. W . A .Townaend k Co.Kote* on Nnwin^; What It I«; and What It la Not. B yFlorence Nightln'sJe. 12mo. p p 136. D . Appleton k Co. SlorWi from Fsxaoas Ballads. For Children. By Grace Green-wood. 18n>o. pp. 141. Tlcknor k Fields.Hours with the Evangelists. B y J. Nichols. D. D. I n 2 vol*.Vol. 1. 12xno. pp. 405. Crosby, Nichols ic Co. AreanaofNatnTe By Hudson Tuttle. I2mo. pp. 344. Boston:B#rry, Colby k Co. New-York: gsld by S. T.Munson. Historr of^allsbory. Vt. B y Jobn M. Weeks. 12mo. pp. 362.Miodle^nry. A . H . Copeland.Home Fa»tim«-»; O r , Tableaux ViTant*. B y James H. Head.12roo.pp.26*. J.E.TiltonkCo.Night Lessons ftroaa Scripture. Compiled b y t h e Author o f" Amy Herbert." 18mo. p p 387. D. Appleton k Co. Placing Thoughts on BeKgion. B y the Author of " Amy Her-mere statistical and descriptive work ever acquired.—The " Micrographic Dictionary," of Dr. J . W . York, Mississippi, and th e District of Columbia, wisdom, justice, equity, and equality for other morebert.' '12mo. pp. 323. The Same.LITERARY.S" TM« >§ ' 2 .—The projected removal o f the excise duty on t h epaper manufacture will give a great impulse to the pub-lishing business in England. I t is one of the measures©f Mr. Gladstone's "budget" for 1860, and is intendedto take effect from next July. Being a fixed impost ofa penny halfpenny per pound weight of the manufac-turedarticle,it,ofcourse,pressedmostheavilyonthecheaper class of publications, and Mr. Charles Knightand Messrs. Chambers have been its most earnest op-ponents. Like many other reductions of duties, it willbe tome time before the price of books is affected by itsufficiently to benefit the consumer, and, of course, in themoan time,itisso much addedto the manufacturer'sprofit. Thus taking the circulation of " The CornhillMagazine" a t 100,000, the number printed, each, of No.ble Mrs. Dawson Damer, who owed h e r reputationmore to h e r relationship to Horace Walpole than toher own artistic efforts; and the next one who madeany noise in the world w as the Prince*s Marie, adaughter of Louis Philippe, who died, unhappily, inAlabama Arkansas Delaware Florida Geojgia. Kentucky Louisiana MarylandS1 10 118 29 3138 8 717 26 19 78 19 13 21 10• • 211 16 1 37 71 2'i 128V 12 21 9 2325 111alities in European Turkey. But this link is power- tionality. Money opens a n d smooths all the rela-less to mold them into a political unity, or as a rea- tions of the hierarchy with viziers, pashas, beys, denas on the J4th Feb., all well. She wae to sail tha.to their price, as the usual calculation h a s been thatthe drawback received on the papar was sufficient to she is presented in a reclining position, with flowersTotalGriffith and Prof. Henfrey, has just reached a second in the Interior Department. The North and South edition. ThelamenteddeathofProf.Henfreyoccurred are more equally represented in the Post-Officecogent and normal ties.The chain which held together the European ele-•well. The United States side-wheel steamer Wa'er Witch left Cienfm goe on the 10th January, all wel:, for Peneacola, via Ti inidad, for the purpose of clcanio^ chip, the bilge water having- become very offensive.The United States steam-corvette Brooklyn, n < v lying at tbis port, will return to V era Cruz, after r e plenishing ber stores. T h e Brooklyn left a deci^b mentofsailorsand marinesat Tampico forthep-o- tection of American citizens. Our naval comrxraode*8 are under orders, if an attack should be made on Vera Cruz, Tampico, Alvarado, or any port on the Galf of Mexico, to take care that American interests sustain no injury. , *croscopic studies. T h e reimpression comprises n e w plates and additional letter-press.from each State. Alio, members of the House of Representatives, XXXVIth Congress.Messengers, Watch- .—Officers and Clerks~, , •—men, kc— s,'• **5WV:§3tt5admitted bythose who were once very ardent Turk- ophiles. When by the irresistible current of events that chain shall be broken i n pieces; the elements now united by violence will remain there, each. ART—Female Sculptors have been very rare in all ages.The first one of any note in Europe wae the Honora- Slate States. : &E : trJL : : era.—There is a small statue on ©xlibitionseldorf Gallery by Angelini, belonging toOwen, called IL Primo PecccUo, representing the first and the frailest of her sex, listening to the seductive wiles of the tempter. I t is a pretty rather than a great work.—At the studio of Buchanan Reade, in th e Tenthetjeet"Building,"M r . Jacksonhas just finished h isuiappointed from Free States ; 14 from Slave States.design for the monument in memory of Dr. Kane. ItTKBAglTRY DKI'AKTMKNT.:Constantinople is a fatal gift to every possessor.It ruined the successors of Constantino and of Mo-'tammed I I . Any new dynasty establishing there the Ncrwalk Bank, at Norwalk, Conn.modeled portrait bust of Mr. William H . Appleton, which he is to cut in marble.—At the last reunion ofthe Athenaeum Club,on Wednesday night, there was exhibited a large picture by Freeman, painted in Rome, for Mr. H A. Hnrlbut, of this ci'-y. T h e rubject is Christ and the Woman of Samaria I n striving t o avoid a repetition of the ideas expressed in the numberless pictures of this hack- neyed subject, the artist has not succeeded in embodying an elevating sentiment of our Savior. But works ofart, exhibited in such a manner, are hardly fitting sub- jects for criticisms. At the same time were exhibited a landscape of South American scenery, by Church, belonging to Mr. Biodgett, and two very lovely crayonheads of children, by Rowse.—Mr. Ma;shall O.Roberts haspurchased oneofGeorge L . Brown's largs landscapes—Lake Nemi— and Mr. Charle« Gould has purchased another.—Several o f our artiste are making preparations for142 appointed from Free States; 226 from Slave States.goirjg to Europe this SpriDg.voyage across t h e Atlanticpurpose of making Btudies of marine subject*; M r. George H. Hall, whose sale of paintings and sketches on Wednesday night w a s so successful, leaves home for an extended, tour in Spain, to sketch Spanish sub-jects, and study the Spanish masters; a n d Mr. Cole- man, who has never been abroad, will accompany Mr. Hall, we hear.—Mr.Augero,a nItalianartist, anativeo fTurin,who has been some two years in this country, has beenemployed during the past Winter in painting a series4 appointed from Fiee States ; a from Slave Statu*. !. MINISTERS, CONSULS. fcCcourse Constantinople would remain the focus audin May. Tbis road will give easy and cb.viDaccess.to one of the pleasantcht and meet desirable lo.: ilttic*ui Hudson County. •Van Be«st, who has never sent any of his pictures toITEMS.oocp cct?P 05B2 •2 B"5 ; o «oor<»o: bristling with its peculiar individuality. The com-her youth, before her genius had ripened. In this Mii.si«it>ippi.... 6country,wherewomenarefreedfrommanyoftheso- .Noith-CaroJina24 cialrestraintswhichpreventthemfromtakingtheir tfouth-Carolma 18disappear, and the monstrous, chaotic heap i s t o b e coordinatedandreorganized.It is not possible that the countries now compos- ing European Turkey should constitute a new,in-of allnations andreligions. TheGreek clergymight have been to a certain degree more lenientwiththeflocks©ftheirown kith andkin,buttherightful position in th o world, we have been muchmore prolific in female sculptors than the old world.Three of o u r country women have already distin-Texas . . Viiginia 167 District of Col. 1065 111 207hguished themselves by their ability in modeling. Miss Total......534 593Hofmer, Miss Lander, and Miss Stebbins, are our threegraces who have gone to Koine to make a career forthemselves in a profession which hitherto had beenconsidered the exclusive province of the sterner sex. Maine 31 27 *2i"1 1 2 3U10 3 5io1885 86 16 24 4 K131poor victims in the eyes of th e pashas, beys, and and abroad. In Greece, the superposition of a cadis, as well as in those of patriarchs, metropoli-1andNo.2—thedutybeingthree-fourthsofapennyper WiththetalentsofMissHosmerourconnoisseurs Massachusetts.25 19 4geneousnationalelementshasalreadyprovedalmont unsuccessful; and the Kingdom of Greece wasatthatplace,statesthatsheisconstructedofaclose, brittle, tfhort-graintd wood (the Uurel, or California oak), which was not properly seasoned, and is v«rycopy, it will give to the publishers a bonus of £ 3 perIhonsand,or£300permonth above theestimateonwhich t h e project was established. A s the duty hasalways "been remitted, in the form of drawback, onbooks exported to foreign countries,,this change willmake no material difference in the cost of Englishbooks in this country, except, indeed, a slight additionwere already familiar from her Beatrice Cenci, but of MissStebbins'8weonlyknowfromthexery favorableMichigan 7 26 1 Minnesota . . CN. Hampshire. 2 8 16 *3 New-Jersey... 22 19 1 New-Yoik 68 59 2 Ohio 26 44 Pennsylvania...134 105Rhode IVlaud.. 5 3curates, are only beasts of burden, matter to be(report of American tourists in Home.Lander's which has been exhibited in Boston is now exhibited in the Dueseldorf Gallery in Broadway. The subject is Longfellow's Eanvgeline. The Aca- dian heroine is treated with true feminine delicacy;worked up in the most profitable way. The peopleerected amid circumstances altogether different from of Bulgaria, Roumelia, and other regions, hate the liable to dry-rot. T h e decks are said to be of OregonA work of Missthose now t o be expected.. Then Turkey was still clergy o f their Church. T o all the circumstancespine, which, says The Bulletin, " is heavy, stroncr,a t the Du«-relief fiom galling extortions.utariism expect a change for the better; b u t they will s:on find how little difference there is between Latin and Greek priestly greed. The caste i» of th •iome average character, call them Brahmins o Bonzes, Egyptian hierophants, o r t h e many-hued ministers of Christian organizations.RobertDalev as made for the K«ne Monument Association, but has .Born.not y e t been accepted by the Committee. Dr. Kane Howell Cobb, Secretary Go.Philip Clayton, ASH'C Secretary...Go. is represented in the undress uniform of a . surgeon of Gilbert Rodman, Chief Clerk...... Pa...Appointed.Ga.. G n . P a . Ohio. D.C. N . Y . M e. Ohio. Va.N . C , V a. G a .SaUry. $K,0IH> 8,000 2,200its supreme abode will inevitably be surrounded byAlthough, as you will obeetve by reference to that report, the peculiar and singular circumstances of the caseclearl)justifiedthearrest,itnowbecomesmyduction, and forms a historic document of great value, the U. S. Navy. He standeieaning on a capstan, with Wml Medill, 1st Controller DeL JohriM.Cutts,2dContio)ler Me.• being Wingfield'8 own view, or defense, of his conduct, a telescope in bis hand, and a boat cloak, lined with Thos. L. Smith, 1st Auditor V a . • in opposition to the received statement. * fur, thrown over his shoulders. A n Esquimaix dog T. JJD. Poller, 2d Auditor V t.—Thecopyrightof"OurFarmofFourAcres"liesathisfeet.Thelikenessisfaithfullypreserved,A.JO'Bannon,4thAuditor Va. B. Fjuller, 5th Auditor N . C.3,500 at the start the whole region from Mt. Haemusto 3,000 theEgeanSeashouldfallintothehandsofaper-was offered to Messrs. Chapman & Hall of London, and the whole composition strikes us as extremelyfor £25, and declined. They subsequently agreed to happy and suitable for the subject.publish it on the principle of " half profits." Thirteen —Mr. Jackson has also joist finished an exquisitely. M. Tate. 6th Auditor.. V a. Hjillyer, Solicitor G a . Ingram, Comm'r Customs......Conn.3,0003,000 Empire in the Mediterranean. She did her utmost3,500 to exclude Russia from it, and i t is impossible t o 3,<»00similar to those who have governed distant Prov- made. This statement is given with the hearty con- inces under t h e Porte, who demoralized a n d d e - currence of the United States District-Attorney.INTERESTINGFACTS.from Constantinople would become—as they have always been—the prey o f strangers and o f hated Fanariotes, more cunning and wily than j;he Greek ortheSlavicpopulationoftheinterior. Soonit wouldbescarcelyamodificationoftheruleofthe Pashas now prevailing. I t would probably becomeof theengines, Morgan IroriWorks. ThevesselU owned by Charks A. Dimon and others.SCHOONER ABANDONED.On Thureday afcerij oon, the boat's ere w of the River Policeboardedthethree-mastedschoonerMariaPike, whichwasdriftingnear(theJerseyshore. ItWM found that she had been entirely forsaken by oftioersatWashington,BhowmgthenumberineachDe-tries' :Clerks, kc, appointed from Free StatesCleiks, &.c, appointed from Slave StatesMessengers, b e , appointed from Free States...., •«•••»••••» 11 Messengers, &.c, appointed from Slave States...The following table gives the number from eachState. Twice as many clerks have been appointedThere are but a very few sick men in the Brooklyn Naval Hospital'at present; n o t m'>re tban 60. T H e following officers are attached to the Hospital: Com- mandant Surgeon Loekwood, Chief of the Medical De- partment; Surgeon Bates, and Assistant-Surgeon Page. The work on the new marine barrack3 h a s been sus- pended for the present. Two clerks, and a number of men from the machinist's department, were discharged from the Navy-Yard on Saturday last., AU of theNavy-Yards are nearly out of business. It is statedin t h e Treasury Department. Michigan, N e w -• he various raceB and nationalities with statesmanlike'ion ef the Eastern Church in the person ofthe Patriarch of Constantinople, his contact with a n d dependence upDn the despotism of the Ottomans, has powerfully contributed to. stir up and nurse this antagonism. The hierarchical administration of the Orthodox or Eastern Christians is another proof of the baneful influence of Constantinopolitan central- ization, and of the intrinsic impossibility of erecting a united State on the ruins of the Porte.The patriarchs residing in Constantinople a r e Greeks by birth, and almost the whole hierarchy, monachal and secular, is in the hands of that na-during its revision, all but the last three sheets passingthrough his hands. It is a work indispensable in mi- Number of Pertont in office at Washington born in and appointed ments is altogether eaten up by rust. This is nowDepartment than in any other:1 2 3 Missouri 1cadis, etc., and this money must be got by the many ways of material and spiritual exaction andnext day for Havana. The United States eide-wheel steamer Pulatki w as at Buenos Ayres on the 15ohTennessee '22 81Free States.dynasty. Such a reconstruction would be alto- gether abnormal, and a seed of contention at homeCalifornia 10 Connecticut... 2 0 21 Z Illinois 2 16Indiana 6 19 *2 Iowa 3ones, with as little leniency as by the Turks. These12 4 718C6 400 27 Foreign Countries.strong, and the fear of the Turks exercised on the Greeks a centralizing influence. Under such cir- cumstances the little Kingdom of Greece, under the .protection of its three godfathers, could in no wit«i excite the fears of any European Government. B u t the^present Cabinets of leadingPowors will never seriously think of reconstructing a powerful Stite out of the dominions of the Sultan. Russia cannot: allow i t under any circumstances whatever. Even if a scion of the Imperial Russian dynasty were to step into the Sultan's slippers, such a neighbor would in the long run become dangerous to Russia. History proves that dynastic alliances rarely hold together for one generation, and the interest of blood disap- pears before reaBonR of State. Similar family tie*-aad Buyable for beams, carlines,_k.elsons, Sec, but enumerated above is to"be ascribed the apparently totally unfit for decks." Again, The Bulletin saya:Veimont Wisconsin Territoriesnumerous conversions to Romanism, recently her- alded by the Romish press. These conversions are not due to dogmas. The communities and parishes of these regions are too simple and too unsophisti-" The steamer's decks are of Oregon pine, famous for shrinking; and, although caulked as never deck* were before, will prove sieves, rendering her eabiu, ward- room, steerage and berth deck quite unfit for habita- tion." A little rough weather, wnich she encountered on her trial trip, caused her to return to port two daya sooner tban was intended, and she is to undergo alter- ations and repairs^ which will detain her from her Chi- nese trip at least two months longer. Her cost wag$200,000.THE NORWALK BANK CASE.The special agent of the Post-Ofnce Departmen hayJDg been called upon by Jadgo Maynard, couns3l f^r*Henry Williams, for some official statement as to ibe innocence of his client, a copy of the agent's official ) eport to the Postmaster-General has been furnished for publication. I t is as follows:NEW-YORK, Feb. 21, 1860. SIR: Under date of the 17th u l t ; , I reported to youthe arrest of Henry Williams of this city, charged with. ' having fraudulently obtained from the New-York Post- Office, a letter containing a promissory not9 for the s«im ()'. f3,0<>0, and converting the'same into cash by meana <f firotb<-r fiand on Adams's Express Company, a n dt o t a l 7 8 33The following details will be interesting addThe converts to Ro-*<L: : . E ^ ^ and hierarchical link for the majority of the,nation-• 2 :»o:gs.:::pjvSB"> •.':•; < *J.LJMHuse 'ul for reference:DBPABTMKNTOPKTATB. amongsovereignshaveprovedoflittleavailintin-Salary $8,000 8,000 2.20!' 12|born in Free StateR; 12 in Slave States; 4 Foreign birth.Lewjis Cass, Secretary.. N H . „ Johii Appleton, Ass't Secretary. :.MaB«.W n l Hunter , Chief Cleric R . I .Mich. M e.. R . I .past, and will have no significance in th e future, whatever may be the duration of royal dynasties. A Russian ruler a t the hea;d of a powerful Constant! nopolitan Empire might easily enter >nto diplomatic aliiances menacing to the interests of the Russian nation. The danger would be increased tenfold, ifR. Jl Atkinson, 3d Auditor Ohio.3,0003,000 cence of Henry Williams, of the charge preferrediII1 1 4I:a:;:£Born.R ogjer B . T a n e y , C h i e f J u s t i c e M d . John McLean, Associate Justice. ..N. J . Ja«.)M; Wayne, Associate Justice.Ga. John Catron, Associate Justice....V a. Peter V. Daniel, Associate Justice.Va. Samuel Nelson, Associate Justice. .N. Y . R. C. Giicr, Associate Justice P a . John A Campbell, Associate Just..Go.H. Clifford, Associate Justice N . I I .Appointed.Md. Ohio. Go. Tenn. Va.N. Y . Pa.Ala.Born. Appointed.Conn.155 born in Free States; 231 in Slave States; 25 Foreign birth. suppose that she will ever aid in establishing theregraded almost everything in Moldavia and Wal- lachia, and who will get?hold of the administration and the Government of any new Christian Constan- tinopolilan Empire, if such a curse should becosae the desffny of these fated populate ms.GUROW3KI.MARINE AFFAIRS.Messrs. Cobb & Fields of Jeisey City are building two pairs of prope'ler engines for Capt. A. Dogroot, <or two boats now building a t B. C. Terry's ehip yard, Keyport, N. J. They are to be built of great strength, and are intended, w e believe, for harbor purposes. We are itformed that they are to be named the Reso- lute and Reliance.SHlP-BUir-DING DOWN EAST.I beg further to state that I have failed to discover any other than the most honorable motives on the part of those concerned in the identification o f t h e person and the hand-writing of Mr. Williams, the two princi- pal circumstai-ces upon which t h e prosecution w a s Wed. •The statement appears in some of the newspaper notices that-two of th e Post-Offise clerks positively identified the party first arrested as the person to whom the letter from Norwalk vi as delivered. This is a mis- take. There wae no euch^identification. ' Oite of th e clerks testified, that b e thought h e h a d seen Henry Williams at the delivery window, but that he would nctpoeitively so state., The recent arrest, examination, and committal of an- other party, James S. William*, charted with taking from the Post-Office the letter referred" to, and embeE- zling t h e content?, has already been reported. T h e caBe will soon come before tbe proper judicial tribunal, when the Department and the public will see whether or not this second arrest is to result in a still fur'her vindication of an innocent man, and the pnniahaient of the really guilty party.Very respectfully, yours,Salary. $0,000 W . R . Drinkard. Chief Clerk V a . V a - 2.200 13;born iii Free States; 40 in Slave States; 14 Foreign'birth.23 appointed from Frea Stites; 56 Irom'Slave State*. NAVY. DEPARTMENT.John B. Floyd SecretaryV a .J*or«.I»aac Toucey, Secretary Conn. Conn. $ 8 0n»Chas W.Walsh, Chief Clerk..... Ma«s.12 born in Free States; 14 in Slave States; 1 Foreign birth, 24appointedftomFreeStates;38frtmSlaveState*.INTEHIOR DEP ARTMENT.• Salary. $8,000 2,200 147 born in Free State«; 202 in Blave States; 27 Foreign birth.Born.152 appointed from Free States; 218 from Slave States. P08T-OKPICE DEP ARTMENT.Jsceoh Thompson, Pecretary Moses Kelly, Chief ClerkN . C . N . H .Miss. N . H .Born.Joseph Holt, Postmaster-General..Ky.Horatio King, 1st Assistant M e .Wd-H. Dundas, 2d Asshttant.....Va.Appointed.K y . M e . V a.Salary. . $8,000-3,000 3,000 3,00aA. N . Tevely, 3d Assistant. N . C .42 born in Free States; 4'4 in Slavo States; 7 Foreign birth.N . C48 appointed from Free ;States; 44 from Slave States.Eastern papers note a Blightly-increaeed activity in ship-building, though it is evident that with the surplus of vessels on hand, there is nothing to justify extensive building this year. T h o keels of two 1,000 tun ships have been laid at Nowburyport, and a number of smallBorn.V a .Apgointed.Appointed.Snlary.Maas.2,200Appointed.T h e f o l l o w i n g S t a t e s h a v e h o n a t i v e r e p r e s e n t a - tive, ftial, the Fanariotes became celebrated in the an* nals of Turko-European sway.flues in each boiler, whoso internal diameters are 15, 16, and 12 inches; length of same, 20 and 14 feet; bight of smoke pipe above grates, 32 feet; bnnkers of wood; capacity of same, 120 tuns, and the daily con- fcumption of coal will be 12 tuns; maximum pressure of rteam 25 pounds; maximumrevola ions att'aispre*3Ui-e,a p p l i e d t o t h e e r e c t i o n o f a p i c t u r e g a l l e r y . S u c h a nexample of intelligent public spirit in that smoky ciiyof spindles, ought not to be last on the wealthy mer-chants of this great metropolis. T h e National Acad- Iowa, "Wisconsin, California, Minnesota and Ore- in Constantinople, i t would soon be surrounded b y emy of Design is understood to be in tho possession of gon, while Mississippi a n d Louisiana have only oneMissouri, Arkansas, Michigan, Florida, Texas,"Whatever might be the new power to be createdGRECO-SLAVICFEDERATION.pointed from each State, &c. The total number presumed restoration by the Crimean war^and the in some respects similar to that under which the and crew. Subsequently the mate presented himselfHigh officials and clerics horn in Fn># StatesHigb officials and clor1; i bom in Slav* StatesHigh officials and clerks bom in foreign countries.Messengers, laborers, and watchmen born in Free States Messengers,laborers,andwatchmenbornin dlaveStates... 97 Messengers, laborers, and watchmen born in foreign coun-534j,78 shone there for 400 years, if not fulfilled exactly," 27was carried on by various despots and Governors seems after all to be not without its significance. depending upon the Emperors and appointed by Forcible interposition arrestedwhat a few years them. Tho Moreotes feared the invading Turksheld together by thepower o f a well-regulated, o r -S T ° S . mon cr«ed, o r the Church, constitutes a spiritual 2son of State. Hitherto the hatred of the Turk hasbeen the only strong political feeling common to all.But the Turk gone, that communion of hatred will oppression, so readily resorted to by the priesthoods Jan. The health of the crew and officers wae good.The frigate Congress, a n d brig Bainbridge, were a t Montevideoonthesamedate,allwelt TheUuited States brig Perry, recently ordered home, will be re- placed b y t h e new steamer Dispatch. A survey h-w been held on t'ne sloop-of-war Vandalia. T h e Board recommend some slight repairs on her. She will be fitted up next Spring, and sent to the Coast of B az2 to replace the brig Bainbridge on that station. ' ANOTHER F AILCRE IN UNITED STATES STEAMERS.TV.e 8an Francisco (Cal.) Bulletin, in alluding to foreign dynasty and its cortege upon more homo- tans, and bishops, down even to their own papas, or the Saginaw, the United Spates steamer recently OuiltBulgarians and the Slavi have been treated by 97 124 06 dependent, integral Empire under a Christian their spiritual overseers, especially by the higherhDISASTEKS KOR FEBRUARY.(Northerner and Hungarian), 5 ships, 7 barks, 11 brig*, »»nd 20 schooners, wore lost; of which 31> were wrecked, '2 burnt, 4 abandoned, 3 missing, 1 capsized, and 2 sunk by collision.avoidably fall into the hands of the Fanariotes.Timof pbirth of the members of the House of Repre- Fanariote8 are the most parasitic and miserable of This vessel, a complete and beautiful specimen of of Baltimore, writes to The N-ition.tl IntdUacncerMe.With clerks—4 born in Free States; 8 born m Slave States.The marine loeses in February on American vessels, or vessels bound to the United States, amount to about $1,000,000 on vessels and cargoes, and 68 lives, ex-of rtyihological subjects for the ornamentation of a 118 born in.Free States; 52 in Slave States; 48 Forign birth. the Capital. The new Sovereign, even if free fromgentleman's house in Portland, Maine.,—Mr. Homhigton has on his eaeel a nearly finished155 uppointed froru Free Status ; 76 from Slave States. CONGRESS.any entourage from the land of hiH birth, must itc-0 - ArrEARAXOEs OK LOCUSTS -Dr Gideon B StniJb,portrait of Mrs. Wright, of Hoboken.my of Design will open the first week in April, all our artists aie dowdy occupied in putting the last touches upon treir exhibition paintings. M r. Hubbard has a very fine landscape nearly completed—a view of Mourn Man*field, in Vermont; Mr. Gilford has a similar sub-ject,but a composition, representingthe close ofanAutumn d a y , with a view of a distant mountain, aplacid lake, and a n Indian woman waiting upon itsmargin for the return of her chief to his evening in sal.It is suffueed with brilliant light, and will be classed,we think among his most successful efforts. M r. Miafcouii, born 1 in Pennsylvania and 1 in Connec-named from a suburb of the city assigned to Greekstion, asd is now lying at the wharf of the Morgan Iron"WorkB,awaitingdi>patchTOtheportsofherintendedby thr-m, viz.:Xew-YorktrndConnecticut—From fv»'gWaudFrom the table given above relative to the placeSTKAMEK PERUANA.ginia, one-fouiteenth in Ohio and the saoae in ly took possesion of tho Imperial Metropolis. "When ;arsof hull, engine and boiltr. Length on deck, 180 Connecticut River to tbe Hudson River; aud e«y*HlKentucky,Six members elected by Southern States werebom in the North, viz: ] from Maryland born iasubsequently Mabommed I I destroyed the Empire ofTrebizond, betransplanted toConstantinople,or rather t o this suburb, t h e wealthy Trebizonian•eet; brtadth of beam (indeed) 29 fcot.3 inches; depth ofhold,11feet3inohes; depthofholdtospardeck,7 feet; length of engine and boiler space, 65 feet; areacounties in New-York west of the STnd*.w Kiv^r, to , Montgomery County, on the MohawV'Rrver. .;,New-Jersey-—OccupyingthewholeS»^«t •tucliy; 1 from Iowa born in Maryland; 2 fromtyTanny. T h e original Fanariotes, preserved t h e inches; diameter of water-wheels, over bo.irde 27 feet traditions of the worst times of the Byzantine and 6 inches; length of boards, 7 feet; depth of same, 22t ocomprehendthosevaporoussubtletiestheoldinfluences. Noforce.of foreignbirth,no3,000 fect stranger and a presumptive enemy. England court, no new institutions will be able to purify the duty to express my full satisfaction of the entire inno-3,000 formanyreasonsdoesnotdesireanotherpowerfulair.AnewspeciesofFanarioteswillspringout,-againstbim,andtoaddmysincereregretthatitwascoasting vessels are in progress.be built the coming season a t Gardiner, Pitteton, a n d Farmingdale, in Maine.THE JERSEY CITY AND HUDSON CITY RAILROAD.~- The contractor, Mr. Fielder, commenced tbe constroo tion of the Jersey City and, Hudson City Hon^e-Rail- road on Thursday, breaking ground on York street! A large gang of men are at work, and it is invended to: lay 400 feet of track daily, and to have tho cars ran ning to Hudson City in about six weeks. T a e road will be continued from Hudson City to Bergen Point,the population of Constantinople. They are so modern naval architecture, has just reached comple- tbatthelccusto will appear extensively th't>ye*r. The •oliowing States.and parts of States will be oecipiedGreeks, the independent nobles, the Kabasites, and of immersed section a t load draff, 6 feet, 169 square Mountain on tbe south, Mahantango Mpnfl^?^ north, the Delaware River on the- ^ad*>,***S«!{Sur,.,New-York; 1 from Louisiana born in New-York; 1from Tennessee. born in Massachusetts; lS from other member* of the territorial aristocracy. Thus feet; tannage, 560 tuns. Her frame is made of white quebana River on the west. ' ITrxCjSll *HWouk, chestnut, and hacmetac, and square fastened with Marj land—From Anne Arundel C^7&2m&P~ copper and treenails; the frames are filled in solid dis- die of St. Mary's County; from the^Wr*"** ••*>sion of similar elements, not of the purest kind, tance apart, 30 inches; cross floors, molded, 12 inches Virginia-Prom the south part oipadon bounty toeided 7\ inches, and these are secured by double laid the Roanoke River; from mj%&JRiWWfaftr""* " an old album," containing a series of MacAuUy's scene, which he expects to have ready by the end of b it were horn in the South. 3 from Ohio, 2 bora from the various Christian subjects of the Porte- and diagonal iron straps, 4J bv | inches. She is fitted Potomao River. «•ai -nff^di,10 fiSl^Sa.Michigan—About KaJffoMStf* ojv* £IA j y T IndianV-Dearborn^aud ri)^<E^*^^L, They will aomvoen^H^^^^^S^Sr^^^P^about the 10th of M ^ S W ^ J M ^ W F S ^ V S ? ^into the Ottoman rule; and they also initiated their She has tw o return-flue boners-length, 24 feat hundred ^ m . ^ 0 ^ ^ ^ ^ ^ ^ ^ ^ n June, In Washir/g^ri^oanty, New-York. ,**Wpw*Mnewmastersintothesecrets andBinuositiesofthe 6inches;breadth,8feet6inches; hiKht, exclusiveof affordafineopportunitytotesttheoorreetoess of thoCalifornia, 1 horn in Virginia, and 1 in Missouri.The following States a r e t h e only ones repre- Trebizondian Empires, and instilled them slowly inches; number of blades, 24.ancient Byzantine administration,.Thomas M. Tryniski 309 South 4th Street Fulton New York 13069Fatally influen-Several ships are toi-ervice on tho co&tt of Pern. W o annex full particu- Sound to Washington County, N**-York; from tb«. 'NA V ALINTELLIGENCE._,The United States steamer Mohawk was a t Car-Pennsylvania—In that portion boundedifer _1.1 •: • * £ 4kwww.fultonhistory.comwfttn *.* M.V.Vi*T'It*.--W-—\ I.MM.I I