 .Qeach week. action is needed, and th e prohibitionist may have as visit to Cuba. We are assured that it is with great $75 per day.,on ,thefjpart rof Naples, and Genoa o r Turin.PRVS&IA.to demobilization, seem to have, impaired _v#tbthe State,,even .in foreign afi^s. From the very> carried on in that infamous den of:thieves, and that-**?**ent-overwithfreshtroopscouldhardlyamountto Strassburg.; Both skirmish ontheGermanfron- -^&0jtfto*aa£, the far greaterpart: of whom had to tiers,'.the.one from the easti.the.other from the he concentrated in the fortresses o f Palermo mid west. The; writers -of the jone may b,e consideredI^^ttessiwtiabthatthe"flyingcorpsJeft available*for as fiterary Cossacks, thewritersoftheotheraskind,^ but the;-fresher t h e subject the more crazy yve become. Books were written and published, butnotsold,abouttheAtlanticCable,andothers will b e issued touching' t h e Japanese. Those avant couriers, the illustrated papers, are already doing a huge business among the masses. All this region, a hundred miles into the interior, being fullsylvania will now spew him out a t the earliestimo-ment. This muchshe owes/to her own self-respect^andtohiswantofanyforhimself. Wehave-had !fusedtoagreethroughobstinacy. Thejui• the pursuit of the insargents might boast of several„ successful eao/ unters, disperse t h e enemy on c e r -taitfpointCand, harass him. in difTerent directions,literary Zouaves.',,Both affect great tenderness for Germany, and abound in wise counsels to the land whose vernacular they still condescend to use. Both try to prepare the fatherland for great changesthough he might have suffered misfortunes, HOW TO GET RID OF THE LIQUOR juror remarked.that thje same .thing. had obe hopes tiie King will not again bargain away, like any belligerent operations that maybe necessary.than their usual cuiming, and regularly feed |n|iuBian month, Earl, Hopkins, <fc Co., washed with one Hmall rocker, from one hundred and fifty buckets of dirt, theflesh.. They, lurk close t o t h e narrow j u n | ^ p a t h s , sum of $147 30, a n d on. the 18th, from one hundred and spring out from behind on the unfortunate jpjasser-" buckets of dirt, $139 50. On the 19th, Mc*fartb:Hence the KU88ianiGerman paper concludes that Prussiaoughttogetrid Ofthe\ Lmiwehr system, f. initspresentform,but,atthesametime,intimates withanironicalsneerthat:Hsuchanalterationmake on behalf of the Democratic party; because t h e historyandfiuitsof that partywereontherecordsW the past. But that he had something touay of the Re- puhJBcanparty. Hethenspokeatlengthoaithe'queja- tioh of thepow'er that has been in the hands of theJRe- publican party since its organisation, in the'. g^acral and Stat© Government,' appealing to. CoiI>La4e> whenhespoketotellthe^eoplewhatgoOdithepariy had done.. After leaving this part of the disenssion, he Qiea Spend half an hour in the discussion o f a matter that involves a little mismanagement «f our at^amp lands^by some of our State officer i ele<rf^bvfaafoni8ta and Know-Nothings, o r Americans/in ^S54; 'a matter that has been a malfer of hwtory here for several years, andnotcontrovertedbyanyone.;HadCol.Lanebeenabsent,andnooneelsebeenpresenttdreply,thespeech ofMr.HendrickswenldhavebeenappUwtdedasoneot great excellencie a n d forcei and wouldJ have/made a damaging impression aiafainst the JRepubUcan- party.multitude as do now the electric canards. Itteems; therefore, worth while t o state, i n a few . wads,theviewshereentertainedofSicilianaf- furs in t h e most competent; military, circles. I n the first matance, the insinrrection, as is generallyknown,waskeptupforawholemonthbeforethe. ism,"isaverydelicateoperation. Imayhere Whatahair-trigger.generationweare,alwaysarrival of Garibaldi-, but, of paramount importance remark that his Baltische Monatschrifi,. published primed and ready for an explosion Under the least ':''*'»rUfl# fact fsj i t may be'overvalued, a s shown b y under Czarist auspices at Riga, forms to some de-U thePSr» €e*stitutu>Kncl The military ^forces Ha- gree the counterpart of the StrassbwrgerCorre- imaginable pressure. Nothing seems, to comepies disposed o f i n Siciiy before Gen, ILanza w a s spondent?^ published under Bonapartist auspices a t amiss—we are rife and ready for excitement of anyhut roust prove altogether insufficient to thoroughlystiflethemsnrrection. Atthepresent moment, impending,and\b6th'siiielloftfo enUMecor&iulc Saturdaytoanextentthathasnoparallelamongonthesideofmercy,Igaveway. ElevenoI,^ouare thattheassertionswereillfounded,andcouldnotbe Sm: W e have a Prohibitoiy Liquor Law in the now for convicting; I am for acquitting, an lasT am established by evidence, and that Col: Lane'WaVpree-there, seem, t o b e about 30,000 Neapolitan troops just nowBnkmg the Csesarism of Paris to the Czar- ism of Petersburg; but here the likeness ends.excitements here. All t h e railroads a n d steam- boats from the rural districts poured their count- less thousands of passengers into the eity during the whole momiDg, blocked up the streets so that in some places the passenger cars had to beg o r fight their way through, while the steps, the walls, the doors, the windows, were crowded with living masses. Here they waited for hours, in the; sun until the procession came by. Certainly, not less than half a million people witnessed it." The women were out in countless numbers, full dressed when they went into the jam, but mashed up and utterlytown of Greenwich, Washington" County, N. Y.; and all other towns, vMlages a n d cities in the State may have one if they will. And if they do not will it theyent to refute them. Col. JLane then addretwd£he:peo- onthesideofmercy,.Ishallnotgive'wayL"J;Tlie ple. Firstxiverthrowingtheargumentadvancedby-•JO^OT^nn«s8»4 VfOlX.-Oft.JM|'a»kBftr.r.j. lS0.CatA(BCi'...i5S<-fo|]-lA'.-t 100]SVT.CeB'r«gathered .atPalermo, two-thirds of them holding 'iJie3 fortress, whil$ one-third encamp beyond i t s precincts. Fifteen thousand ^eaptditans a r e said"*; to hold Messina. Now Garibaldi had, according to the latest news, not pushed beyond Mxmreale. I t is , trne that this place is situated on hills which com- mand Palermo from the' land side, but to improve the opportunities offered by this position, Garibaldi as yetlacks the principal ieauisite~-siege artillery. T h e immediate,chances o f Garibaldi, whose army musters about 12,000 men, will consequently depend mpon two main circumstances—the rapid spread of the insurrection throughout the island, and the atti- tude Of the Neapolitan soldiers a t Palermo. I f the latter'waver,*ana get into qtmrrels with the fimsigu •mercenaries intermingled with them, Lanza's means of defense may break up in his, own hands. I f the Snsnrreetiondevelopes much vital power, Garibaldi's army will be swelled to more formidable dimensions. M Garibaldi should get into Palermo, he will sweep everythingbeforehimsaveMessina,wherethedit-The StrassbuKg paper, although perfumed withthat peculiar»Scent of false melodramaticdignity characteristic o f the Bohemian literatureof the Second French- Empire, i s , still writtenin the homely style that belongs t o iSouthern Ger-many. I t affects common sense, and certainly doesnot pretend to any literary distinction. The Rigamonthly, on'the contrary, struts with a didacticstateliness and a metaphysicaLnrofoundness savor-ing of the traditions of the Konigsberg University.Alter all, I consider the ebullitions of patriotic ragewith which the German press assails both.the collapsed when they came out of it. Yet, thoughjudge now interfered, and stopped this agre taile col-3The Chinese here, who have very accurate intelli- gence of what goes on a t Hong Kong, are filled with Among t h e topics o f Prussian politics, t h e tirst' surprise a t the successive accounts o f t h e arrivals of troojjs—^whose presence is brought home to themately, are learning to drink iminoderately, and seem constantly thankful for the attentions showered on them. Presents o f all sorts a r e being heaped on them, our people having a keen eye to business, and hopeful of future orders. Somebody has given them a splendidly finished sewing-machine. I t was curi- ous to see the deep interest with which they bent lowdowntowatchthemovementoftheneedle, and how the stitch was made, evidently anxious t oBut rum-sellers and their friends would not be; still;and, after a few days, they made a desperate effort,and, at the .next meeting of the Board, presented a pe-- by^ The Chinese have immigrated into the pepnsula ' brothers worked, with a small rocker, $114 07. N oIflieej Garibaldi's birthplace.•place m the public mind is naturally occupied by the Prince of Prussia's private letter t o the Prince Consort of England, of which the Prince de la Tour <PAuvergn?, IA>UUBonaparte's Embassador at-the €Jourtr o f Berlin, h a d not only t h e impudence t o presentacopytoHerrvonSchleinitz,thePrussian foreign Minister, b u t went t h e length of asking explanationsonsomeofitspassagesreflectingon the character and plansof the great Paris saUimban- que. This incident reminds one o f a Similar accident that happened shortly before the ratification of the treatyoftJnkiarSkelessin,1833.TheGrandVizier having at that time communicated a copy of the secret treaty, di#wn up by Count Orloff, to the British Enuba.-wy a t Constantinople, w a s mueh bew3-sluices or large rockers are yet i n operation, as all t h e lumber has to be " whip sawed." Three dollars per day is beipg paid t o d a y laborers, and;some, are even," oneringfive dollartrper day throughthe season. *M Mr. Z. C Miles, who has been- mining, for someitems of interest from that neighborhood. About forty of mueh praise; and, should the other towns of the cline. The quantity of gambier imported intojEii'gland are barely clearing expenses, while others are making;Monatschrift and the Correspondent, but mainly the latter, as silly exhibitions o f childish incompetency.there was a liberal sprinkling o f rowdies and pick- pockets, t h e strangers•" met \vith n o rudeness t o offend them, nor was there any riot, row, or fight- ing, as has been telegraphed over to some of your jour- nals. The excitement of curiosity to see and speak with them continues up to this hour. Crowds stand all day and up to midnight in front of and all round their quarters, anxious to catch a glimpse e f eitherIMPORTANT FROMFr«m Onr Own Correspondent.CHINA.Byrequest,OurBoardofExcisemadeknownthat town. OnthefestivalofAid-el-Seghir,.th<nijorning courteous,andablemanner. Thecandidatesarethe they would grant no license'to any person, in any vil- of which closes the fast of the Ramadan, tt e pupils, Representative men of their respective parties^and no- lage or town in the County, * provided they had good forty in number, and their professors, attend d ^service other two men in this State could have been nominated.reason to believe that a majority of the people in 8aid^ in the Grand Moeque. O n leaving the mos jue, they that would have created more enthusiasm ^ban CoLtown or village was opposed to it. Thus conceding to proceeded in a body to Ben Brihmat's residen ^e, where Lane and Thomas Hendricks. It is also per<*jptib> to every intelligent mind, that of the two Col. Lauehaapopular sovereignty, they escape personal responsi- he breakfast, consisting of every descriptioi of Brab much the advantage before an audience. H e is an or-bility.'Inthusdoing,,tbeyactedwisely:forno delicacies,waspreparedforthem,asareWtdfor atorandhumoristunsurpassedonthiscontinent,apeo-maninhiaeenses,5nyiewofconsequences,-wouldfor theirgeneralattentiontotheir.studies,andfoxstrict ple'sman,amanthatwillkindleablazingfireoren-Tie Stock feattireii n» r< all 1he eleme nessof ^ e cb favorable-banonthe]>artof the mdvemen theSpring;n* tereet are tbe much Smaller late the bn!!*' i financial dry-idown. Centrfoff; to 81J. E18^. i#he foriPacific Mail oito 9 | , T h e ]activje, bnt U (C.vNTON", April 13, .1860.y* Up to the latest moment at which i t is possible t owritebythemail,thereisno,intelligencefrom chiefprinceorchiefcook. Thenfreshcrowds Ifcnlt'taskwillagainbegin. Yonreraeiriberthat, Shanghaerespectingthereplytotheultimatum continuetopourintothecitybysteamboatandthusiasm all over the State of Indiana, and: revolution-in 1648-49, the Neapolitans had lost everything saveliessina, serving a s a tttt-de-pont between Sicilytoad Naples; but Messina then sufficed to regainupon which the question of peace or war apparently depends; but the Chinese rumors in the city, whichrailroad, for no other purpose but to see the Japan- ese. They are bored to death by all classes of peo- ple seeking to penetrate into their private apart-one hour be responsible for the sale of one barrel ofobservance of their duties during th e fastJjj T h e Mobacher, a local paper, remarks that this circum- stance will clearly show all Arab parents that theyizetheState.".. .'''Ij4or the future. At BeTtin everyJbody feels sure that at present o f a most. alarming-nature. Somethe Prince Regent's letter, havmg been transmitted two o r three mouths »nce, i t w a s known that . The cattle disease is attracting as much attention'./•.11V i iJtw. •»*>'.«? have at len^gthoecriMS'." ~*CO-.20.<K0Tvut»£>w <000 ftf««>. rZyCi-ac&fr.Tui-lft,G(>0\>g$nii a(,f*0F.ii>itn.lOTOdeir.AT :Pa. Onl.toQf>. . . .12 K-vr- J~r- ••} lOOHikdKmRifttdXCT.'CVitf.aoo. • ' -do...L. aoq jao..lJ.«,Wt 100 Hi«J<*i K |NEw%YORBLD M t YTRIBUNE,THURSDA Y JUNE14, I860.m. . - i l n a n English court, a man w a s laterinfo \great parfcof the Prussian people the aathonjy of putting a stop to the.kidnapping which was.openly ing unmeasured m^ignation among his constituents. victi<m,:ahdonefor{acquittah i The obstinaifeeieofpplil>tariff particularly.and bis course generally,are excit- with arobhery..;Eleven of the jurors wer<af< the eight barracoons whieh have* 'for,i;years heen This gentleman was brought up a luinhernian on clar'ed that hei^onidneyer^giyeiri^if^hl'wicircumstances accompanying both imobuizataons,t h e conclusion seemed >to hnve heen; drawn • b y filled/wiih ^kidnapped Chinese, destined ifor tjhe•..the Susquehanna Kiver, and knows well,the art £>f locked up for six m<mths.'", After some hours Yfceprevailingtopicofconversationhere,** thepopularmindthattheGovernmentwasbound^ubanslavemarket,are,;.atleng^Vcloi^-^.''-:^'--'';-'''-tV.:navigatingraftsovertheriftsandthroughthe;eration,thetwelvecamehitocourt-again,and Justice. - TJSiey^Willnot knowmgly mdor^ a De-mocracyihatconsignsth,eweakandunprotectedtothe '•.slaveryofthe,.,stron^andrapacious;'';j15->/pf.i.;./.-..iM^erywherealloverEurope,is,ofcourse,Oaii^Wobtaintheconsentofpublicopinionmevery ^.jdi'fi adventure* ihlSicuy. Now, you are awate instance of a general annament. Even the/ officialISttiievV'fcefore has!the telegrani'oeeilptttto declarations made by Prussia & regard to the^atti- «ocb impudent work asJ n the present instance, tude she observed^during , » I t a l i a n conflict con-Owingtothea^bove-mehtiOnedcatiseofstagna- windingsofitstortuouschannel;butheknows anagreementthanbefore.,Theforemantain the confession o f the mobilization o f the l>nrf- nave nevet poured upon Europe in such vxkr .having encountered unexpected difficulties*,"Tryjposivia(MendnotviaCalais,wastamperedcertain.predatorybandsintheinteriorhad inthisquarteraswithyou.Atameetingofthewith-at the £ugfreh Post-Qffiee, where a numerous coalesced . for t h e purpose o f ravaging t h e Philadelphia, Agricultural Society o n Wednesday, Btrong pull. L e t there be school district, town, andaround the world. H e undertakes the'trip both for covery created great excitement, and hundreds rushed to Becure claims, but when Mr. Miles left, pay dirt hadtion, there U no Commercial news of^terest. •nothing of the art of navigating the ship'of State. He is out of his element iii deep water. Such m6n are.the misfortune of.Pennsylvania. Aspiring from the position of piloting, in a red fiannel shirt, a raft on the Susquehanna, to the Vice-Presidency ef: the United States, he seems to be doing all he can<to draw down upon himself the vengeance:of the very Statewhose supportisindispensable to his;eleva- tion.Lougsincehegaveinhisadhesiontotheslave-court that the^prevalent opinion mtliejtay-i that the twelfth man was a-little out Ofhis jr thcmanindignantlydenied,andsaidthat tion bad suffered through calamity, but \ was right, and bis com^ience was parti1 Hence, he respectftiliy hut firmly declined, his opinion as to. the innocence of the prison' —A correspondent at Muncie^ Ind., sends m the foiU lowing account of ja debate a t that place on the 7^h. inst.betweentherival^^candidatesforGovernor;^ jFROMPHILADELPHIA,ft?i lilt. Hendricks opened {the discussion in a Kpeeeh. of one hour. - H e said, he h a d no special defense f<y"TIIOSE JAPANESE—THE CATti-EPISEA$E AMONGUS—TIIAT GREAT^ BELL—ENOVGB OP BIG? LER. ^^^i^JS&'SS^anotherjurorstatedthatreallyhedislikedt thing about it, but ye^t he must declare thatFrom Ow Own Correspondent'.. „.. y,, / ,, > "•'•_driving Democracy, a n d now flaunts their liveTy** o f one o f the most popular institutions; just a t a** moment when Prussia affects to stand on liberal- What a nation this is for going off a t half cock I them, instead of to us, for all that he may desire ;m cumetances of a painful character had occthewholeisland.ThefallofPalermo,andthe'maybewellfounded,asmanysuchreportsoftenmentsmerelytolookatthem.ThepertinacityOfmencedthecirculationofpetitionsthroughthetown,maysafelysendtheirsonstothecollegewithoutthePEAK:' From. Ttie St. Jo$eph Gazette of the 7th. . < \military hold by the patriots of t h e whole island, e x t e p t Messina, would, however, this time prove 'more decisive ,tiian i n 1848-49, because of t h e alteredpolitical conjunctures. If Garibaldi mastersPalermo, h e will b e officially supported by th e**King o f Italy.*' I f he* fails, his mvasion will b edisavowed as a private adventure. There'is somerthingofironfcal pathosinthewordsaddressedtoare, have a decidedly pacific tendency. According the ladies is unconquerable. The officers who have and obtained the names of 470 voters-, 803 women overto some of these, however, while the Court of Pe- them in charge have a really hard task to perform least apprehension of any attempt being made Bo turn •20 years of age, and 300 youth, of both sexes, between them from the religion of their fathers. All ofj whichLATER FROMPIKE'S[ • •. ^ . - , . c i ' T - . r . ; - >jperscnMpUpnotoriouslyemployedinpryingintosus- wealthydistricts upon theWestRiver,and itsconsiderationoccupiedthewholeattentionof countymeetingsthrough.allthe"State.Thiswork hiehealth,andtogathermaterialforanewwork.'notbeenfoundexceptinthediscoverynote.Sods fpected "T^erp—a practice carried to such a de- the standard qf disorder speedily attractedgree that a t t h e time o f the Coalition-Cabinet, *3he!JEar\ofAberdeenconfessedthathedarednot confidetotheposthisownlettersaddressedtohis metropolitan friends. Lord Palmerston, having thus gat a copy Ofthe Prince Regent's letter, is supposed, out of spite against Prince Albert and in the interest ;©f the Angfo-FrenehrHnssian alliance, to have placed a copy of that letter into the hands of the French Embassador a t London. At all events the course o f t h e ' intended and much talked-of Anglo-Prussian alliance runs anything hut smooth.Some months ago, when Lord John Russell o n e -fine morning discovered that England must go in search of new alliances, and when that intimation -was received with much childish enthusiasm, in t h eofficial circles of Berlin, out came all a t once, in the form of an English Parliamentary paper, a dispatch addressed by Lord Bloomneld to the Foreign Office a t Downing street, narrating a private conversation he had held during the last Italian war with Herr von Schleinitz, a n d sadly compromising the good faith • of Prussian foreign policy.* Lord John a t the time pleaded guilty of a most strange indiscre-tion,butthefirstblowtothenewalliancewasdealt. The tecond blow has been given by the mis-carriage of the Prince Regent's letter.Yon will have seen that in his speech from thethrone the Prince speaks very emphatically of themaintenance of treaty rights and the united frontGermany i s ready t o show against any encroach-ment upon th e independence and integrity of thecommon fatherland. T h e unpleasant impression try—the West River. One of the native hong mer- produwd upon the Paris stock exchange by the ap- chants informs me that if they remain three monthsnothrngnewfromthem. '•••"•"Withmticbrespect,IamyourfrtendondfelloM^citisBen,.the meeting. Dr. Emerson read a paper on the thousands of wretches, who have in the last few subject, giving a full history of thediseasg. He be- weekscarrieddevastationtofourorfiveofthe lievedittobebothepidemicandcontagious,and-z-TJie Home Journal Says'that Mr. Macquay, of thefirm of Macquay & •Packenham, bankers, Florence, Italy,isshortlytobemarriedtoMissNina*Cooley,>,the goldobtainediscoarseshotg»ld,andquiterough,present rebels is plunder alone. Their number islittle more than 50,000, a s I a m informed on thebest authority, but they are complete masters of thedistricts they overrun. T h e unwarlike people Hyat the mere rumor of their approach, and the fewsoldiers whom the Mandarins could bring againstthem undoubtedly follow, if they do not institute,the example. The main army is now besieging theCity of Shao-ching, on the great West River, undthe ultimate fall of the place is certain. This pityisbut50milesfromCanton,andconsiderablealarmis felt among t h e Chinese lest t h e enemy shouldapproach the walls; but so long as foreign troopsform the garrison, there is little reason to fear any-thing of the kind. The mischief done to foreigners, veterinary surgeon here*, declared that the diseasetogoforsnow'."*'* '' The News 68LVB:ihowever, by these marauders is enormous. They have completely paralyzed the trade of the port, b y seizing on the main adit to the interior of the coun-mmmmmmmmm I i • • • • .,••;;> •<-':;: • ff . .. .- ...... . .:— .., J- - ••• -K-IA fi$^P%tf!r^^negro slave m Orangeville,JPannin| County, Texasr killed his master and mietresa and tw o children. H eread, a long discussion Sprang u p among the mem-PERSONAL.•0,.i.•••:••v jbers. A member living in our suburbs stated that• " Great numbers, of Indians have been arriving a n d establishingthemselvesinthisvicinityfortwo"week* past. They are Arapahoes, Cheyennes, Kaowas^ Cam*afarmernearhuhhadlostseventeenqutofaand reform of the land ti&, from which the nobility one of the greatest einporia and finest cities iri the Massachusetts, examine into the state oi the dis- 3Ebe Pri8bnei>-rNo.*inthegreaterpartofthemonarchystillremainex- empire.' _' easethere,thecuje,&c.,anddirectedthem.to, :TheMa^6r~^empt, have all proved abortive. The Prince, more- The only hopeful point connected with these fear- publish the result of their investigatioh immediatelyover,.complainsofhispetmeasuresrelatingtothe fultroublesisthattheymayinclinetheImperial ontheirreturn.. :. /\-,•'-,/,Andto(jailtheprisonerwascarried.^Arrivingthere army?reformnothavmgyetreceivedlegislative Governmenttoacceptthemoderatetermsottered ThegreatBellwhichrecentlywenttollingthrough hewastauntedwithhissupposedconnectionwith ofpowerinthiscounty; sanction. them by the Allied Powers, and thus prevent fur- our streets in a furniture car, to attend the ratifica- 'SOM John Brown," then locked up. His hours of^b-IRO» r o n PKXCH Tn»KS.--The scales of iron that Though the Government has proved unable, even ther useless bloodshed. tion meeting of the Old Gentlemen's party, I think ertjrv^ere from early morning till five o'clock mi th e —-CoL BZUTOV—The Evening Journal .(Albany) accumulate around the anvil of a blacksmith'* shop are with th e present Chamber of Representatives— The disturbed state of this Province is doing a must have been housed somewhere. I neither see .afternqonV; l ^ e n ^ e sp«ak of h^rty we mean room very properly remarks—was not a member of the' Sen- more valuable than manure for peach trees. A shovel whose large majority consists o f Ministerialists—to good turn, also, t o t h e emigration agents. T w o it, hear it, nor hear o f it. I . fear the Bell and the- enough to turhnbout; for bis daily walk was confined ate when Messrs. Bell, Douglas and 33 others voted full put round a healthy pe *ch tree will he very nkeh/carry its proposed army reform, it has a t last got an emigration-houses, duly authorized by.the Allied Party are failures. I see it, feel it, know it.% Oth- totinarrowcorridor, while his conversation wasi res- (in 1854) that the Missouri Restriction wus inoperative to keep it in good condition; and it is said that trees [ extravoteofninemillionsandahalfofdollars,to CommissionersandtheChineseauthorities,areat ershavejiasuspicion,othersa,conviction,fofthe. •and"void." Col.Bentonhad"beforethattimebeen alreadydiseasedhaverecoveredbytheapp^lieationofbelaidoutin military expenditures;while simul- Eresentopenhereforthepurposeofengaging free samekind. Yourpublicationofthe forgotteinjfacfe .trictedbytheevennarrowerhounds'ofanunder!jail-taneously,asIaminformedbylettersfromthe iborersfortheIslandofCuba. Oneofthese thatJohnBellvotedfortherepealOftheJd&^ouiii^ers;intellectPorjfood,"'.'36s.^Watsonhadcorn-mealtransferred,totheHouse,Vfoerehefoughttheentirethesescales.IroninanyformwiEansweragoodprovinces,theintendedchangesinthearmyorgan- housesisconductedbyan American. Kidnapping Compromise hashadadamaginginfluenceloithe bread^onceadayyryecoffeeonceaday,onefresh;hexs- Equitywithdetermiaedresolution. | /izationareQuietlybutpracticallyintroduced,soas havivgbeenabolishedatablow,inJanuarylast, mindsofmenwhoseopinionwasnotexactlymaide ring,onebowlofsoup;Thecoffeewasservedwith-.-^^—JIBJJ^^I^O MasonCounty,Yirghna;saysheto leave to the Chambers, when reassembling, n o by the joint, action of the Allied Commissioners and up. They say* that this record lowers InmtothJ- oUtBOgai;, but .the bread had salt in its composition.. knows hetween fifty and seventy-five people in his.vi-•purpose.-,- .'••• *i&ii<•-' 1%. PoisoKiNG XU.Ts.~The bes^t food!with whichio mixpoisonforkillingrats,ispumpkin,seeds**Wet'them, and sprinkle on a little arsenic, which will adhere t o the seedB. They will be eaten by rats andiiice, whileotheralternativethanthatofsanctioningwhatwDI theChinese,tiieestablishmentofemigration-houses, standing ofBouglas, whose kindred crimeIwas Themcarcerationof,Mr.WatsonextendedfromAprilthen have become a fait accompli. The gist o f the under t h e authorized system a n d under a joint deepened b y driving t h e iniquitous measure to aintended army reform is pointed outinthe inspectorate, is encouraged tothefullestextent, consummation. There isnot.aparticleofenthu- 9thto.June4th. Duringthattimehewastakenout'/cihitywhoare.smetovoteforLincolnandHamlin, although not a vote was cast there for Fremont in theBtdtitchc MonaUchrift, a Russian-German monthly, and has proved successful. ThcOSritish and French siasm here for the Bell and Everett ticket. None twice, the first time undergoing an examination before last campaign. ' ., 'published a t Riga, a n d printed under the sanction houses which were closed for the season, about t h e can be manufactured for it. W h a t can only o£e 'or' one Alderman Becker, the second time falling into t h e «ftheRussianGovernor-GeneralofLivonia^.Estho-middleofMarch,dispatchedrespectively900,andtwoBellpapersinthisentireStatedo.toward'ere-"-handsoftheMayor.TheAldermanaskedthepris-—•Mr. Lincoln has settled the disputed point about cats, fowls, & c , not being fond of such food, will n o tand ConrJand. *'* The Prussiah army reform, 400 Chinese emigrants, with a large proportion of ating or extending a public opinion that does hotsays that paper, " which was introduced imme- women among them, to Demerara and Martinique, exist 1 I begin to think that no electoral ticket will his financial condition, ideas of hia probable fu- George Ashmun:*ateryafterthepeaceofYiuafranca,canhardly •erveanyotherpurposethanthatofemancipating theGovernmentfromthedirectappealtothewhole'people—anappealwhich, withtheoldmilitarysys- tem, became unavoidable, whenever theGovern- mentthoughtitnecessarytosupport itspolicyby vrariike demonstrations. Under the pr»-sent politi-. eal combinations of Europe, a Statelike Prussia, still arriving foritsfull acknowledgment asoneof the, great Powers, can neither suspend its whole pacific fife oh every occasion that seems to necessi- t y the employment of its military forces, nor can Hineverycase guaranteetothenationwhyh onc«beattempted,muchlessseriouslyrun. Thereihust becountiesinwhichitwillnotreceiveasolitaryvote,whileinthewhole State itcannotcommandture ifhetalkedwith,negroes,andmanyother things. Attheendofthecheerful interview Mr.Watson wasremanded to hisherringandhisIafterbeingopenscarcelythreemonths. Emigra- tiontoCubaisnotsuchafavorite,the.people beingwellawareofthe character ofthat island, and only thelowest class, in general, arefound willing to venture the experiment. The most stringentregulationshavebeenputinforcetopre- vent the slightest approach to kidnapping in.the en-gagement of emigrants, and it is to be hoped that, beforetheAlliednationsgiveupCauton,v.voluntary emigration, under t h e sanction and inspection of the native authorities, will have become an institu- tionnottobeoverthrown. •The American clipper Gov.Morton is now culation,whereLincolnGleeClubsarebeingformed lovingtobekind,wouldlet himgo. Therefore,Mr. faking the Cuban emigrants on board at Whampoa, among the young men, who, i f they have no votes£ * i p mmm^^mPublicans of foreign birth at Chicago, are received wftfe great favor by adopted citizens of all classes throughout the country. Jn-every direction we bear of thoseSwho,^iteretwfore^led •tymk&^exseptive nameiof r dnWth$supi>ort of $la#ry^ aie now yfaQm&*•*•••., PHILADELPHIA, June 12,^^1860. :, with an impudence that will compel him to look:to•primed for the Embassy, went Off a t half cock on•;.i'. ;thefuture.' Buthishonorsfromanyquarterwillbe few indeed. H e might have/done our languish- ing industry a signal service; b u t a t the bidding of the enemies o f that industiy he refused, and Penn-twelfthman,whichitwasbelieved,had ,head. He was sorry to see Mr. ~ - ~ on thedid not, from a delicate feeling of sympat; the matjter, or he^mighthave prevented him in the box: I t w a s very hard upon the e % had agreed to be locked up as prisoners becaenough of him.^;: '. . •':-:,y >'•' $••%•$$* >..'.wasnothingofthekihcU Hismindwasqui'?:' . TotheEditorofTheJV.Y.Tribune.fore. The dissentient: "^^eievenofjyonjwjere for Mr. Hendrickai'managedhis side of the case'.well.,,. His assertions were abtrndantto ehtitleliim and his party to> acquitting,.andlwas foramvicting; butas ro^iwent a prima facia case. T h e miefortune; hov/ftvetijyFasy.TRAFFIC.law; but in its provieions the several Boards, in their' wifeand just discretion, by granting no license/ mayjbave aMaine, Law; and more, we have, it adjudicated by the Courtof Appeals, from whose decision there is noi.erved. .•.,,.,,.,.:y :, - ''->./•;' ,,;'• ;';V'--';*\';';"j '.-'.,'one time a majority in the Lower House of, our Legis- lature, and a t another time in the Senate,' but at each, time the Executive and one branch of the Legislature were against them. These arguments were complete answers to this,portion of Mr, Hendjrick's speech,. I t must be adniitted by every one that heard, the diHCus- »ion that th e canvass is condu^dinagentiemanly,appeal.through your paper, to inform the people how we ob- tained so great a good.That others may go and do likewise, 1 desirej—Sir Hassan Ben Binhmat, the head of the|princrpal Mosque of Algiers, recently gave a grand breaifast to all th e Arab pupils of the Imperial Colle«e ?f thatrum, to be drank as a beverage.Knowing the above decision of our Board, we ^com-The C. O . C and P . P . Express j reached this city kiug is inclined to peace, the war party, headed by -in keeping off this disagreeable pressure. When the ages of 14 and 21; in all, the petitioners amounted shows that the system of puffing schools, academies, yesterday, bringing dates from Denver City to th ethe Mongolian Prince Sung, are very desirous of they go abroad, some dodge has to be practiced to to 1,573 in number. The petitions were presentOd to and seminaries, is understoodin Algiers as we|l as in 30th ult., and$y,970 in treasure. We| have our fullmeeting the barbarians, and it is possible that their influence may prevail.get-their guests into carriages. The curiosity hunt- the Board by a Committee of Twelve. After a few ers are. omnipresent, the crowd is everywhere. I fthe strangers go into a shop, a factory, o r any other remarks by some o f the. Committee, the whole matterAmerica. | « . | —Tigers seem to have a taste for the Chinese.' \ I t isfiles of papers, from which we clip all the mining in- telligence which i s of importance. W e are indebted to The Denver City New* mid Bulletin foi what fol-"Whatever the result maybe, the force that is now gatheringatHongKong,andgraduallymovingoffplace, they are dogged by such numbers, in spite of was submitted. , The Board, after a short deliberation, eaid that since January, 1,859, 1,500 of thc«e |»ople lows concerning the Arkansas diggings., A cor-everyprecaution,thattheycanhavenocomfortinthing. Yet they take no • offense, they eat moder- ensuing year. ' ',v,. .'..'.•the ;decline .^ inthisca>.edo n o t influe of these' caus< crop on the lia surplus whtai reaching midd!good, and has Spring. Shooi promises to \* approachmore ral was again 1 very fieely ?it iweU'susfcained friends who ha and Burlington themarket opstock offering,ward the ck-e . andafterthecent was estab cloeing price? 93i#3S; Mini 20i<*2l;'Cum1• 90J«91 r. New lUulroad,18;.a Harlem Bailro ferred,, 97|«3f igan'Central. and Northern Southern andJ Panama Railrot €13®62;Galem land and Tol.-doIsland Railroad, Quincy Raihoa7s, 91'»91i.The marketf< Saturdav steam 5.15*5.13i T ton eiports. theFreights—To 1,000 boxes Ch< 150hbls. FlotrFlour in bags atin bags at G:V/0 I ILondon: 500bi Glasgow.1^00!Bristol: 1 5001 Rosin on privat with Rotfin and vatetermsl 1 1 at St. •John"* tofor Maifeeilles schooner <^f 137 hhL A schoone ward Island and south side .Cuba $3ondeck.A"home at 40c. for The businesi* $97,355 07—for06759;Balance dude $110,000 CThetimedurii has the right to 30th instant, ancdollarseverdue, givesixtydays W e presume hefor duties and re moment, with oiably do So durin holders of overdi themfornewn< theSecretaryhs noticeofpayme theoverduenoafter.The traffic rettthe first week ofFin*week.1! * Fit9twwk.4!.. . . Tb« whole naoatt The detail oftand Quincy #u rwlgnt.^.iv.,'.;...,rntvB&rt...;2...,Mail*and auvo«-iuaTotal...*..-... Eandii;i'per mil^. C«c*oo..Brin 'Betvern <Earninptm Alw- y... '-^" TotiU..-.. • BetweenVktor^EmanuelbyGaribaldi,whotellstheKingthathewillconquerforhimanewprovince,which totherendezvousatChusan,willbesufficientfor movinganywhere,-orundertakingtoexamineany-intcxicatingliquorsinthetownofGreenwichforthe endoftheMalaccapeninsula.Thetigersshlwmore themostsanguinehopedfor.Onthe13th!!ofthisemphatically by the occupation of the peninsula ofCow-loon, on the main land opposite Hong Kong,upon which a European regiment is now stationed.This peninsula has been long desired hy the inhab-itantsofVictoria,asanecessarycomplementtotheir cramped-up city; and should the present tem-poraryoccupationb&renderedpermanent,thebar-ren rock, which, however, is far more healthy thanthe opposite island, "being open to the Summer mon-soon, will doubtless become the site of a large set-' bound to surpass us in all things, we expect you to have reason to hopethat no licenses will be granted tlement.timepastnearSpanishBar,gave: TheNewssome"While the Chinese are still doubtful here on the question of war or peace, they have cause for t h e utmost anxiety within the bounds of this Province alone. Accounts have gone from China during the last month or two respecting the rise of anotherpolitical party will be disturbed; for no more political health, which has been much impaired ever since her cans, they prefer to be idle at least four or. five, day*• • jd^ed when a day later,, to. bis not agreeable sur-prise, Count Orloff returned him the identical copy,with the spiteful advice, t o find better confidants " rebellion" in KWang-tung-, and the movement is appearance or merits o f our visitors.much as he works for. .difficulty she was enabled to fulfill her engagement last" The Pollock lead, which passes near t h e Spanish bar, haB been as yet but imperfectly protected. Wire gold has been found in it, and specimens of quartz takenthoroughlyunderstandit. Thedoctors,werere- galed with the sight of an operation for the stone, a patient being luckily o n hand. A s New-Yorlc'iscounty do next year as we did in Greenwich this, weannually, chiefly for dyeing purposes, is 600 tuns!. ' big wages. Six Mexicans, working a claim together, in one day last week, took out $180, and in half of t h etakethemtoanexecutionotBOineoneortwoof your yet unhung murderers. B u t though seeing so much of the excited, crowd, I cannot understand this half frantic curiosity of the people to see these strangers. I t must be prompted by ^peculiarities of our own organization, not by those presented by the—Miss Adelaide Phillips left on Wednesday tn the succeeding day tbey obtained $150. They, can easily nextyearinthecounty.Withthiskindofwork,no Arabia,forLiverpool.ShegoestoEurope!forhermake$100everydaytheywork,but,likeallMexi-; r; ! ' -.f] ;_ . ' • 1 •.Mr. Hendricks i:n regard to the power^portion of h » loquy by sending all back tatbeir ^en. A te j eight speech. Bstaged tbat since, the organization Of-the9M<OT4rr*ll•nit 8»M.-«ought not to have it,; for it would do them no good. To- hours more, one of the twelve was found to >e suffer- Kepublkan party th e party h a s never had,sufficient be.sure,this,<mrprohibitory law,wasmadealicense ingfroma disease oftheheart,and heth|uJhthe power,eitherinCongressorinour,StateLegislature,to pass a single bill or party measure; that it*wa»true-Bhouldsurely have afit,if he was not let out! So thetake the devil out of it, and thus, unaflalterated'j w e jmy,was: dismissed, the prisoner wasiremand*&, and Lower House, but had against them the Senate andin Congress the Republicans bad th e majority in the this bulwark of British freedom was for the JirnO pre- Executive; that it w a s true the Republicans had,at250aooWSO850 Erf» 300150100SOdo... do... do.. do..d o . , do... do... do...passedaresolvenottograntlicensetoanyonetosell reepondent,underdatejofMay20,saysi havebeeacarriedoffbythecreaturesinJoloie,the •"Asregardsthemines,theyareopeningricherthantition asking t h e Board t o reconsider,, a n d grant license. The petition was said t o b e signed by 150in large numbers, and have entirely monopo|izfed t h e cultivation of gambier and b?ack pepper. Tpe|refuse voters of Union Village- It w as presented to the leaves of the gambier (terra japonica) arelused as Board by two very learned lawyers, who made tw o manure for the pepper plant. It^is now diftlc|ilt;to in-longandloudspeeches.'Butnolicenseshavebeen ducecooliestoworkinJohore,sogreatisthedanger.granted,andsortwillbeforoneyearatleaet.TheBoardofExciseforWashingtonCountyaredeserving Atthepresentrateofdeathsthecultivationimjtistde-- menareatworkontheSpanishBar--6omeofthemTwo Frenchmen on the same bar average) ; : r - tpull together, and if need be have a long<pull and a commanded by his brother Thomas, for a voyage, $11to-,two'pans of dirt—the first taken out The di*week with the Cortesi troupe.Whatcanwedo?Nowhereiswork,andplentyof •—HermanMelville,theauthorof Typee and fromitmakeagoodshowofgold. OnbodaHillaWith live temperance men the question has been,it—it Aas.paid well, and let us a l l go about it... Let ue "Omoo," left Boston last week i n the ship Meteor, lead was struck on the 20th instant that yielded overmay go on through Summer, Fall, Winter and Spiking.Politicians will have no quarrel with. • us, for, we; ask[Wecommandtheexampleof <£f©enwichtothe.publish atoolateforthisyear,letthem bewideawakeand octavo,aworkofgreatresearch,andonwhichhehasbeen employed for some years. T h e character Of the fully ready for next year. There is too much Roman Dictator is said to be the object of the highestgrumbldrig about th e inefficiency of the laws, 'andtoo little disposition to make the best of what we -. —A conductor on -a Virginia railroad saw a la/ry^sHiU is rich m placer diggings all over its summit and sides, and probably its source has now been found. The"OntheIllinoisI>a*,M.J.DoagWta.'tWwefi- thus brought home to us here the counterpart of the sweep over the earth, nt one period afle^ng.man GrMnv>ickt,TX. Y.'june 10,1B60. - HIRAJM CORLISS. daughter of the Hon. James E. Cooley, ofthis city.') known comedian, is making an average of $80 per day,mostflourishingandimportantdistricts. Wehave'ithatitwasoneofthosescourgesf&atj^rip^icallymovement which, in the neighborhood of the Yang-tse-kiang, has now existed for a dozen years, a n dwhich ignorantmissionarieshave called upontheworld to admire as a "fermentation of the heathen"with th e leaven of Christianity'V-because th eplunderers for a year o r t w o massacred, pillaged,and outraged their countrymen and countrywomenin the name o f the Savior. This pretense has n o tbeen adopted here, and the avowed object of the thought its ravages might be mitigated by cleanli-Temperance *mcn of every town in our State.; IfHistory of Julius Caesar,",in two volumes;andatanotherthelowerorder of'animals. These epidemics invariably originate i n t h e east, a n d traveltothewest. Hereferredtoagreatmurrain in England, which had been traced to-Holland, i He thought the disease was much stimulated by confin- ing o r even housing cattle in unventilated stables, and condemned t h e Massachusetts practice o f^—Itis saidJ-hat,theEmperorNapoleonisiabouttouworkingfourhands. Hehastakenoutashighas$lS6 in a single day. -He has about ten feetindepth'of pay dirt, and very convenient to water.'' | - AAwriterfromEugeneCity,underdate ofthe20ttl ult:,says: .' " '*,'*•. '-*r" Directly .opposite this point is the best pass from thewatersofthePlattetothoseoftheBlue,.andX firmly believe that here will one .day pass the great thoroughfares of Salt Lake to thePacific States. Thee©4 slaughtering the cattle to arrest its, progress, as heeulogy on the part'ofthe imperial biographer. .'•• %. ' ; ,have, among Temperance men everywhere. Ed. ] foot peeping from under her crinoline, as ladies' feet, mines a r e being daily developed* ; Good diggings ex-ness and ventilation. After his paper had been'•'•:*'"~f . '• * m ,•?/.-::•--*-U/—Mr.CharlesH.Watson,ofRochester,K.Y.,'andtheDirectorsdismissedtheindiscreetofficial. .herd o f fifty-five" cows b y a disease resemblingpleuro-pneumonia, while another h a d lost a informs us that he is b y profession a machinist a n d —Mr. Merry, the owner of Thormanby, the winner anches, Apaches and Sioux. We understand it is then? number b y a disease clearly tiaceable; to locomotive engineer; that he has been employed on the of the^^ Derby, won $350,000 on that race.' If ; design to establish their villagesj leave tiieir women,children and old men^ and unite in a grand • foray upon —^The late"J. L. Schoolcraft executed a wiDthe day the Utes. Quartz mills ape arriving daily and passingbad ventilation. I t ". was also stated that in Orange and Alexandria Railroad; and: that on the 9th' Camden County, New^Jersey, one farmer had lost of April he was imprisoned in the jail at Alexandria, 28 head by disease, and that in the Neck,just below Virginia, under the'following circumstances: On thethat he left for Chicago, in which Benjamin1C. Ray- on into the mines. ^Some of them are very large. Over • mond (long:hi8 partner in businees), Clarence\A. Sew- thirty are said to be now on the road, a n d twice thatthiseity,threefarmershadlostover37head.:The daynamedhewasstandinguponthewharf,incon- ard,andJameaC.Cookareappointedhisexecutors; numberwillbereadytotrtarteooxu AHthathavear- diseasehad also appeared in Bucks County,the versationwithanegro. Walter Penn, thejailerof rivedso.farhavegoneintotheMountain City"neigh- symptomsinmostcasesresemblingthose noticed Alexandria,askeihimwhat.hewasdoing;tothis and,afteralegacyof$1,500tohisfamilyphysican, borhood,andaveryshorttimewillenableminersthere in New-England. M r. Jennings,, a distinguished question he answered, very naturally, that it.was none Dr. M. P. Cogswell, and an annuity to Antiiony Al- to realize money from the quartz they have alreadyyielded readily to medical treatment in its incipient of his business, that he proposed to talk with whom he stages. HesaidtheyfailedincuringitattheEast pleased,thathedidnotpleasetoholdanyConversationbecause they used the lancet too freely. Herecom- with the jaSer, and that any further remarks wouldbe rriended that every farmer should immediately clean out of place. The jailer desired to be infoi|medJf:Mr. up and whitewash his cow-stable, use chloride of Watson knew whom he was addressing. Mr. Watsoncott, an old and faithful warehouseman,.his ajjmple es- taken ool&tf<&&{&$ ^/f&wi $M-nVs¥&* •-.'-.>:tate is divided equally between hia wife and• •POLITICAL.KEJfTTJCKY REPUBLICAN POUTICSl ? :: wae aswsted, or declartd that he was assisted, by twflt ;C«TCBp<5ndence«fThe?5f.y.Tribuae.',' " f !:.'">othernegroes.Hewasseizedby14crowdtfofth« condescending bonkommie, diveststhePrince's lableinjuryisoccasionedbythestoppingofremit- pressingabeliefthatthediseaseprevailingsonear reinforcementofthree.people*^ThefourtookiMr.S ti&SlU ••.ttFW^K,:Ky.,"J^e8,I8)^1neighborsandbound. Atfirsthedeniedhisguilt,butparent menae* has been allayed through the Rus- longer in their present position, there will bo n o tea lime freely, and that the droppings of all"sick cattle stated that he neither knew nor cared. Thereupon thesianjournalLeNord,which,matoneofironically thisyearfromCanton,andthat,asitis,anincalcu- shouldoeforthwithburied. Somemembersex-jailer retired for. a. brief, mterval;" the'n returned with a Watson^into custody, and oohVeyedhim totheoffijae'Oftances into the interior, this being.the usual season this city was not that from New-England, Dr. Jen-speech of all serious meaning, calls to mind similarphrases uttered by him during the Italian war, and,m conclusion, characterizes the whole passage as amerecomplimentpaidtopopularfeeling.Asto IntheNorth,tradeappearstobeatastand-still,portedthattheireattlewerediseased,nodenj&ay-vM&pW$W$$i^OjW^^susp^ioascharaqter,/"anjlIthati JbetestofthePrince'sspeech,itis,infact,buta fromalmostthesainecause. TheNankingrebels oredtokeepthemattersecret,asitwouldgrea#^p hehad(spokenwithanegro;'The examination!was summary of legislative failures;. The only import- there have ravaged the silk districts near Shanghae, injure them m the milk and butcher market.. TTMhe';^ ^ f u r ^ c o ^i a Laet night the Republicans of the Pirst and Second Wards of the City of Louisville organized a Campaign: can'aub>::!:^e^.;^i^ee'wasmadePresident,andafterward made aeonfession.- Bfogave as a reason for the deed thai?'his master had not need him well of late,andwasibouttosellhinu'' TkcBenkdj»(Texa^ Eraesyt: v; :«r":' -,;-'^for forwarding the annual supplies, which are of nings repeated his conviction that it was the same,mffi^1ant projects debated bytheChambers—thepro-: andthelastintelligencereceivedbytheChineseau- Societyresolvedtoappoint a commission of{twotfl^tf^r Jected laws on marriage, municipal administration, thorities is the sad news o f t h e fall o f Hang-chow, members, Drs. Emerson and Elwyn, t o p r p c ^ d V l ^ ^ ^ ^ ^ ^ >course not sent forward now. but'thatfour farmers were unwuMng 'to "hTve^'S- Joner concerning h is birth, parentage, occupation,to the President of the Chicago Convention, the Hon, rr o .SPMSCFIELD,111.,June4,I860._HON.GEORGI:AsHMUN—JIfyDearSir:Itseelnsas Jf1*qaestionwhethermyfirstname isu Abraham"^M.'Clayisgoingto-addresstheCentralClubsome time this month. The Republicans hold the balancethey do sometimes at leaet talk about burning negroes attheSouth, '• -•" •'"• •'• "•' ' ; -, f> "• <•-••••--•••'•••;••- . • ::]TJohn J. Hawee, Secretary.. A pledge, fully indojrsing • *; Mtum w « in favor of burning him, »ad othere^f Iwugiof: taelatteroounwhaYtegthemontadvocate*, be vnu«u«m«Qd©4areaptto do,if they are pretty and wellshod.;In- steadofexpressing hisadmiration by glancesalone, he gave i t tongue. .Thereupon t h e lady*complained,tend from here as far up the Platte as it is possiblei (. ' ' ' ? rV- -nlu ato thetheChicago.Platformiwasnumerouslysigned,andthe Adayortwoafter,thetwoaocompueesofthenegro nomination of Lincoln and Hamlin ratified in a '* rail- were hanged on the same treej and the bodies of afl5,000. Allthesewillbesomuchammunitionthrown ryecoffeeandhisattemptstoskimsomethingfromthe or«Abram"willneverbesettled. ItisMAbHliam;" uponpiecesofparsniporsweetapple.away,fortheolddodge of thuscollaterallyaidingtheDemocracyisknowntobeplayed out:Theandit theletterofacceptance ishotyet inprint,vousurfaceoftheunderjailersintellect.WhentheMayor mayifyouthinkM,havemysignature,theretoprinted RoBBEnrorAJAPANESK OFKICKR.—-Theonlytin* had anotherturn at the prisoner he talked to him in a •'Abraham Lmcoln." Exercise yourown/jadgtnent pleasant incident, thus far, which has attended the vialabout this. . Yours, as ever, A. LINCOLN.. of the Japanese, was the robbery of one of them iaday for repeating i t in Pennsylvama has assuredlygone by.' O n the other hand, our news depots are fatherly way on the impropriety of conversing withBaltimore of his two swords. During the exhibits* caricatures and. campaign songs. There will evi- twenty years to the Penitentiai-y for what he had done well-printed weekly just issued in burcityj devoted to of fireworks o n Fridav night these weapons w « »beginningtobefullofLincolndocuments,lives, negroes,andassuredhimthathecouldbesentfor dentlybe/afloodofthembeforetheconfostisover. orforwhathewassuspectedofdoing. The official•—ThePeople'sUnionJournalis,aneat,spirited,the election of Sam Houston to the Presidency. J . W ; placed upon the bed while the owner went to the par*' "splitting" resolution. Tne ball is rollmg. * paesius were there left enspended. From this it seems thatthe proper spelling of his name, by the following lettermeddle with them. Wherever poison w put for these troublesome pests o f t h e farm, water shduld.be near by, so that they mayeat,drink,anddie,outsideof theirholesandhiding-places. Musk-rats,whichare oftentroublesomepeelsuponsomefarmsbordering uponcreeksorponds,may bepoisoned with arseniclor,situatedonthefourthfloor,forthepurposeofwif Tbey are being bought by hundreds for.country cir- finally concluded with the declaration, that the law , Boyce,Editor. ,'; -:",., ....-., ...;' ).;[ ":.% %$$$ nessmg the display in the square. When he returnedW •1Eanttnpt in may"^Hfc****•*•*«•«»•••eaBed t o arms the ensoiug o f actual war. Therefies hidden in the Landwehr system a cextaia dem/t^ 'and will sail about the beginning of May, as all as yet, have good voices that will winvotes from Watson was put on board a vessel and carried to craticalantagonismagainstthemonarchicpriMCi-operationsofthekindareorderedto.ceaseohthe.thosewhohave. WearenotintrepidationastoWashington..AnyotherNorthernmanwhodoesas Pepinisthecounty,seat. ::•; . beenofferedbytheauthoiitiesjfortherecoveryoftb*i*Os and xaLKelk Total*>f•'»41Aggrefste........Deoreano;oa;The earnings i!in t h e m o n t h o f M > FocMay,lB59.....Sho\rinj nu iacpte. TJteiiiobmzatiousof1850and1859,flowing '.JOthihiat.,nottoreopenuutifthemiddleofS'-'p- whatwillhappenatBaltimore. Thoseherewho Mr.Watsondidwillbetreatedinlikemanner,ifnot —The ToledoBlade;m-callingattentiontotheswords. Inadditiontothedisgracereflecteduponovti own nation by this act o f vandalism, the loser will W : eachotherwithinarelativelyshortinterval,and tembrfT,'YiiuihtheN;*E.monsoonwillagainsetin. are.posted.upinthe,doingsofthe»eneinypredict worse,unlessheownsthenegro,thenhe"cantalkwith speechofpariSohurzj.says:!-^'^.?^- '.-•&^|^S<fSsubjecttoseverecensureathomeifheshould M^sleading both times to no warlike, action, b u t only It U satisfactory to be able to add that theTor- with entire confidence a row of the direst kind. him or her as much 88he ohooses'. / • . ; ' r '* We ,are gratified to Ikhow that the platform and gain his'insignia of office. Well may the perpotraJo^?r•...:.... .•..•*•':•*••,-T ••'-•- ^•'•,.''/'"'"tlh'•* ''*' ''.,J '/*•'•T\•Untitled DocumentJ M '- > . • • • • •'•• - , : . - • • ; • ' • • • • - . . . - .! .. •.'••' • ' . • " •. . . • • •' •'s . ."? D.—rALincolnand Hamlinpaperhasbeenestoblished hisroomtheswordsweregone,andhavenotbecomevi**' |at.Pepin, Wisconsin, called. Tltc Pepin Cbuiity Press. lble yet. Thoy were both enoaeed, and the hilts wftrt beautiiully enamelled and carved. A reward of $50h«ticket,which>ofullymettheapprobation oftheRe,-ojfthisactbesetdownaaabarbarian,IjX*t>lateU.':,x-.•••/• . . . . - ' .,->•, i-i;•..'...••..-..--.- ' •' "'tl cheat, and ranging themselves on the side oi Preedoaaf V•v.v••V ,mm..' UF*otn\tftmdo. • : I Pan mmi:» •do.. J Thomas M. Tryniski 309 South 4th Street Fulton New York 13069www.fultonhistory.com 