 Zambesi. From both very satisfactory information bad been r*c*iv«d with respect to tbe supply of oottou; and be would read a short extract from a recent despatch of Dr livtogstone. dated May 12, » » » . roSsrrlng to bis visit to Take ,«birura and the adjaoent country^-Cotton * cultivated largely, and tbe further we went tbe crop appeared to be of the greater importance. Tbe women si. •oewore well clothed with ttie produce, the menDEBATEINPARLIAMENTONFREETRADE. beinr cntent with goatskins and a cloA m*te of bark or certain trees. Every one spina and weaves cottoa. Ev«n chiefs may be seen with tbe spindle and bag.wbicb serves as s distaff. The process of manufacture is th« most rude Tbe atthicldldt, Mice Albert » d d»«n and tedious that can be conceived. The cottoa goes through nve processes with tbe angers before it comes b> the loom. Time Is of no value. They possess two varie- ties of the plant. One, indigenous, yields cotton more like wool than that of other countries. It is strong, andDoes it not, moreover, suffice to cast a glsnee «T«itbflmap to uaderrtand that it is a fragment detachsd&omour territory i Does not a gtence on toe map sufflto toshow that on the day v*rn Rrance shall 7-ooe the fromurof the Alps an the side <f Savoy ihe u»U, lo^icaUjt, uxusl themaritime Alpsf Treaties made in hatred to France mayhave decided otherwise, bat they have outragedjreo-graphy, and diplomacy in 1816 was in flagrant opuosttionto nature. A wise and enlightened policy will re-establishtbe proper state of things. No obstinacy will be shown inseptu aiirg territories connected by so many bonds. lakeSavoy, th< County of Nice wiK agnin become French, andMat great nation calld Franot urQl notenderAare for fron- in honor declare that the French government, and par-press the other branch of trade, the gtirernment were, noccubt, at liberty to enter into any courraerciai treaty brwhich certain restrictions oa articles nf foreign commursewere modified in return for coneensWM from abroad; butthe poatticn of the government was entirely changed st nt tbe treaty te a * House about the end of next ««.'t when it was laid down as a rule a n Uwre should be ui The government have felt that as the** propoamOa* M t .9 duties in this country save for the purpusee of revenue. sn important connecttoo with the revenue, aod enter aao Aad yet, wham a week of the meeting U Parliament, toe thf f n e r a ! financial arrangements of the year , f„: government bad thought proper te eater into a treaty tic would not be done to a* House unles* a* *»"»•>•n? which would affect the permanence of revenue te toe statement of revenue and expenditure tor lbs year «*reCommerce.ITS OFECT8 M TIB EI-USB ALLUM.brought an at the aaaw tune. Taiprisslaaa have e t a abroad, whether well or HI founded, which ar* «dhrcaw a paralysing effect on certain important braacoesS- trade, snd though we shall have to consider seme at**. tions connected wito tbe forms of the H»use, and the r»ia- lions between tbe different modes or proceeding m reaa d to votes of money; and supply, 1 hope we shall be aoTe .0 lay tbe treaty oa the table, and submit toe general fteaa- cial statement for the year on next Monday week ttm uh of February. 'Hear, bear) H a ouTmtre thu InotaT I E SeriousCOITOSAgitation Italy.fictoria Iniminl to the Iowa*nt.tier a rivulet called the Var.THS QTjaSTIOH IN PARLIAMENT.In the House of Lords, on the 27th or January, the Mar- quis of Normenby rose, pursuant to notice, to ask the government whether they had received any Information as to the negotiation stated by the ministerial Journals in Paris to exist between France and Sardinia, for tbe an- nexation of the Duchy of Savoy and the county or Wee tto the dominions of the Fanperor of the French. It wss not his intention to call tbe attention of toeir lordships to the political effects of the annexation of Savoy and Vice to the *rench empire; but be wished to state why he thought the question had now reached a point which rendered itnecessary that the government should be -*ltod what was the present state of their informstion on the subject. His question, it wonld be observed, was rounded upon a state- ment which had appeared in the French newspapers, and he might be told that he ought to be able to adduce tome higher authority than one or two journals in Paris. Whencularry tbe bead ef a a t government, bad faithfully ob-served that pledge. While, however, tttere had beenno armed interference Us Italy, every endeavorhad been made to induce tne populations ef Central Italyto accept some other solution of the difficulty than tbatwhich they proclaimed. M. Ptotri was despatched toItaly, and after bim Prince Poniatewski, and deputationswere received by the Emperor of tbe French from theItalian populations, On tne 10th of eptember a remarka-ble document came out in tbe Jfoniteur, to toe publisherof which it was sent direct from 8 t Sauveur. The com-munication was ss follows:—"But tot not Italy be de-seived. There is but one Power in Europe that wageswar for an idea. That Power h France, and France basaccomplished her task." On the 9th of September theCoftrtitoftonfieZ, a semi-official organ of toe French govern-ment, scolded the tunes tor being adverse to tbe claims ofPrince Napoleon, but shortly afterwards the Mmiteur re-buked the supposition that the French government deaaaouatof three millonsof money. Supposing a deoeencyshould occur under a e new system—and, whatever itmight be ultimately, tbat could hardly be avoided duringthe flrst year—some aew tax most be uapeeed to ssakoupforit. It might be perfectly true that tb« wtae dutieswere a tax not to the beat state-, but it waa quae cleartiutt if there was to he aay eonsiderrble redaction lathese dutks, they must he replaced by some new tax.•/hat was tbat tax to be? The wme duties were a taxtbat pressed upon a e rich, who could afford to indulge iosuch luxuries—waa there to be an lacrosse or continu-ance of income tax in order that a e wtae duties might ocreduced? Were those who did aot drink wtoe to be taxedfor a e benefit of those who didf They bad duties 00 teaand sugar—were a * y going to reduce a e duty onfctimu'ants. and tax the beverage of the poor andtemperate? (Hear.) These ouestioaa ought to havebeen brought before the Bouse before a egovernment embarrassed Parliament, and, to a certain have been urged Id a e Ministerial policy have *>«en extent, a e crown, by entering uoon a treaty which, sub- founded en a e commercial treaty w t a France. Th«ws ject, of course, to the anprovai of Parliament, involved a are, indeed, met with the same unvarying arru%..,t reduction of revenue duties. It was quite possible that that it is wrong to criticise a document not in the h ». *« j tbe duty on wine at the present moment might not be in the public; that an aiwnalntaao* w i a the ooctenu ef toe the best state, and tbat when reduced the increased con- treaty will entirely remove all objection, aod that un sumption might lead to a larger revenue. It waa an ex-GREATQCESTIO... in CentralBRITI8H OBJECTIONS TO THE MBW TREATY. [From the London Times, toa. 96 j• ' • • * « • •On May 31, Dr. Livingstone again wrote:—"Only two or three of the i*ortug!ie«e have planted cot- Savoy and Jfice to bo Annexed to ton. The people of tb« Shtre, on ttie eouirary, brought several bags of cotton for sale oa our second v.Jit, though no time bad etepeed to allow of planting aiuce we in-By far the most real aad substantia! objection* whichtlten we must be content to believe that everytaiu; his- been done for the best Of coarse, there is force to thie kind of reasoning, though not, perhaps, to tb* full extentsubjects had a right to rise against their rulers, aodrepeated h« pledge that no interference woil 1 be per ttcessary to put an additional 10 or 15 per cent upon the which now prevail to Fiance are not to be rerum uutraoo '* quite ready for devetopement among them by SQRTHERB GERMAHY TO BE ARM ED •gents such as Sierra Leone supplies to the Niger. Tha inhabitants are quite independent of the Portuguese, butr.rt, say in obedience to—the »u<KWii<in« of newspaper para- 28th of September Lord J. Russell mi ie bis speech at oraj>hs and anonymous pamphlets, he submitted that ho Aberdeen, in whicb he laid down toe proposition thatBeitral Rights on the CouUnent aod in England*Interesting Beport ef the French Minis- ter of Finance.mitied in Italy to contravene the wboes ot tbe people of that country. Tho Con*tt£«ttorineI «f the Gth of Ocuioer affirmed that •'France offered advice, but wo.iid not die teie orders." On toe 17 h of October the treaty of Zurich was signeu. A few days afterwards tbe Emperor of th-) French said at Bordeaux tbat "tbe temporal power of toe pope was not incompatible with the liberties and inde-could ttate that that great object—the suppression of the favor. Subsequently it r©appe»r«*' under the shape of a pendence of Italy"—an opinion which he hvl apparently slave trade—was near accomplish mem.. Uo was sorry, since had occasion very considerably to moitfy. The Em- however, to say that the slave trade, on the contrary, manifesto In La. Pitrie, the most adventurous of all the peror added, "Cut French troops cannot remain indcl bad increased and tended to a still further increase, lie Imperial organs, a journal wfcich had been chided for be- nitely at Rome." On the 29th of October apoeved the concurred in thinking that the extension of industry and ing in too grout a hurry to publish certain matters to toe letter from tbe Empef or of the Fresch to the King of ixr- legiiinxtte commerce among the natives of Africa was the world. What was stated by La Pi'rie was pretty snre to dlnta, in wbir.li it appeared tbat an engagement hai been uiuo-at'; means of extinguishing this most deplorable and be near tbe truth. Last autumn Le Pays announced that made whereby the foi tresses of Peschiera and Mini-ia.loly, IsM, while ear own share ia toe treaty m :• .. , , farmed at met. Ministers add noaiag to tea t-<••-,* stock of taforasaiiou, except to inform us 1.,,< we have no right to draw any conclusv>u uall. At tbe risk of incurring tbe censure which (11 so heavily upon acme forward critics ytote;any, we are compelled to say that in all this aere does «>p->\r to us to he someatog upon which eriticam any fatrty be employed, art to reprehending what we do not kno « Vn in carefully remarking what we do. We presume w e : m not wrong to surmising that a commercial treat* m u.-r. instance means a treaty by which each ooatractiag a n y binds iteelf to wke off duties impoeea by it 00 the pf.j.iuae>-ttec.,&c.toto that a eipital of £'JO,000 judiciously directed th-ire mould be sufficient to secure this very ^jreat advajiuare, and be did hope that if it wore inexpedient for the govern meat to ...tertere in such matters, his weal'ny friend*; a Mssriirr'ur and Liverpool woulj l*-nu a hand to raise thatsnm of money. In the United StaUi thry had what ICM lucrcssed it by some small vessels. TUe" prsposel addiEFFECT OF THE TBEATT ON THE BNGLISH CTJeT >«-. [From the London Times (City Article), Jan. 27 1•sates "tXt dumatic tmtuut r>»'' (though in ait ryw if ivai raJtcT- OH ofm>.e tKai an uuHtution), and the slu tntde •nu udio held to tie an iiiliiiiinn there, and one of ijreaX an nymly We ourselves had sinned groatly iu both ot* Hi *se matters, butcertaml\ DO parallel could be found in unv part of our history to the law said to have been recently ••acted in Arkansas. It was hardly crcdiale that in any asm er in any |>art of the world such an atrocity could have been committed a» a law to reduce thousands sf free people of color to a state of slavery upon tbethat the local authorities fount it difficult to with them, and oculo. not ruaiaUn a police suflV l to restrain them. Y et they were to be reduced toslavery unless they sonsented to be banished? la otheri of tbe States, be believed, thw had been a miret, but m Arkansas such a law was reported to havoi acted upon, so that thousands of free people of colortioc ha.1 not been as fully carried out ai he triate I itwoulu be; but etill, what had been done showed the de-termination of the American government to maintain thipurity ci' their flag, and to prevent the exf>orution ofslave* from Africa. He was likewise obii^pd to con -ur inthe remarks of his noble friend upon the French emigra-tion scheme, but he was happy to say tha'. tha Frenchgnemment had pat an end to tbe system on the eastcoast of A'rioa, and had expressed its Intention, when thnexisting contract had terminated, 10 abandon it oa thewest c .is*, also. Negotiations were commenced by thelate government with the government of France for tbenassena—PatoeretonH Pollry to be Covered by the Paper—Altera.lionsInthe EnglishCustoms The Hew FrenchTreaty.leoge 141 a e subject on which it is to pass judgment, aad wbtnon ore side and on the other we havecome toa ctet- ai'd comprehensive understanding of what the treaty is to t fleet, ihe verdict of Parliament will be favorable to tbe prooteowgs tbat have been concluded. (Heernbear.) My honorable friend tells us tbe treaty is bad as regards free trade and commerce, but far worse as regards revenue It is monstrous, be says, to take up a subject of this kind af- ter we have declared that we have no duties but those for tbe purposes of revenue. I must confess my ignoroace of tbe time when we made any such assertion. I should like to km * whether my honorable friend will pledge himself to toe fact tbat we nave no duties but those of revenue, and whether be will maintain that the fifteen afaitttogs a gallon on brandy, compared w i a eight shillings on spirits, is a duty solely for revenue. If he will, I must join issue w i a turn upon a a t matter. In point of fact, It is not true tbat we have no duties but those of revenue. (Hear, bear.) We have been engaged for many years in a gradual, and, I am thankful to aay, sweeping purgation of our tarifl; but, though that processfumed, be general, and Include all foreign as well as colonial growth*. At the same time, tt appears that the French prohibitions against our Iron are to be replaced ' v a duty a little less than £3 per too, and that woollen and cotton manufactures are also to be admitted at ra:-? yet to be fixed, but which are not to exceed thirty per cent As the clause* of a e treaty are on our part to it- brought into operation within a week or two, the iopres aiou produced in the wine market by the aaaouc -em-m.. has, of course, been considerable, business of ai kind'- being for the moment virtually suspended. At pre sent many houses in a e trade doubt_ibe correct nets of the statement, but should it be confirmed an immediate rtec to prices will be expected, drawback question wiil be one of keen anxietvr,. aao probably of difficulty. According to some estimat-s the.' paid duties on existing stocks would be found to amen1 to •2,00*,0001., hot this is generally supposed to be greatly beyond the true total. Under an order of a e Inland R* venue office to 1852 draw back can be ctoiaed only on wtoe* on which toe duty has been paid wtthin a htni-ed period, tbe term for the red wtoe* of Portugal and France being two yearn, while for all other de*sripuons,. including sherry, it is aix months. There is aeotb-r -. r. vision, ftlao, which will have a greater efioot la redone^ a e number of claims—namely, that to entitle the»<*e < - to any return of duty whatever all dealers must have kept a stock book, showing every ousatity received in or «- livered out, and embracing a separate entry of all win*; exported—a provision which is thought to a very tore* number of instances to have been imprudently cegf • 1 On tbe other band, aa tne change* in France are tab- •:*• toyed for a year and a half, oar Iran, cotton, and wooUec markets will, of coot**, not experience any i m n v c * . influence Aaanmtog a* rat* ef duty aasned for «-.r. to apply to manufactured iron, it wis be •uftk->Diiv low to admit of a large export trade from this conntr*. since ft seems to be about SS per cent toss nntevori'.'u than that of the ZoUvereto, to the face of which gco<N can reach even Berlin itself. Any satisfactory antci env>u.to introduce the cotton ptati, out colonies %m» great dim -ully was '• as in the want of sufficiently cheap It was not I practice of the government to enter i, which m this country were enterprise; but so far as the wM efforts sow being nude totcorkuith1veryconditionofstability. Italywit*aperpetual cause of disorder—it was a European malady. That malady wants a radical cure. It was no longer a nation- ality, it was a volcano. This volcano must be extinguished. What means were best suited to obtain this desirable re- sult; Nothing better could have been done than what has been done—that is to say, to ask from geography, language, history, their opinion, expressed by the popular wish.I shall cogent myself with simply replying to tbe ques- Europe? It had always been the great object of the com- tion which he has piteed on the paxwr. Her Majesty's mercial classes in this country that there should government have received no information "as to the ne- be a large reduction of duty in some articles gotiation stated by the Ministerial journals in Paris to exist of British produce, with a view to obtaining thebetween France and 8ardiQia for tbe annexation of the duchy of Savoy and the county of .Vice to the dominions of tbe Emperor of the French." At the same time I think it right to add tbat tbe government of France has bees long acquainted with the opinions of her Majesty'statiensrailedjustbecausea*twopartis*lookedat the matter from different point* of view, aadcould not agree aa to the relative value of theconcessions to be made on either side. Probably a e y didnot proceed on that broad aad firm basis oa which sucharrangements alone can be carried out. The*, said thehonorable gentleman, perhaps the wtoe duties of Englandare aot to a * best state; hat that la a very mild statementof tbe case The honorable gentlemen did not show whytLe wtoe duties were Dot Is the best state, bat told as what,i it were true, would be a very high eulogy to pass on adutywhichproducessome£100,090or£180,000ayear. He aald a a t the wtoe duties presssd upon the rich nectod w i a the entire movement to feel France hanagtorre being i and inwines of Spain, Portugal aad Austria. Com-munications bad passed between oar government andthose countries with regard to a e admission of articles ofBritnh commerce., and their anawer had been that theybad no objection to admit them, provided that we to returnreduced the duties apon their wines. To that propositionthoreplyofEnglandhadbenaatthesedutiesworenotprotective, but for a e purposes of revenue, and tbat, ooa-teuuently, we could not enter into any reciprocal arrange- mainly, If not exclusively. But why t* that? Simply be- ments whicb would involve the sacrifice of a large amount cause these duties prohibit wine to a * poor. Tbe wineso much in tbe iMl to COCk!they would certainly do so. To superficial minds the popular wish, even often re- govHDmcnlas to any such arrangement; aad I can as- snmatinOsykmlandswere peated,issimplyafiction.Tocievsightedminds,to suretherobleMarquisonone.point,namely,tAatitis for this purpose, ths govern- historian- worthy of the name, to U. Augustin Taierry, perfectly ridiculous to suppose that the successful nego-tbegrowth on reoerviogbrought mmusual custom of not parting for instance, the popular Instinct, resietmg ail circum tiation of any commercial treaty, intended for the Inter-hitherto been tbe great centre ef trading resariatoas *.- Europe^all a * other oonttoeatoJ nations mar now lose faith m their narrow systems and batosn to foSow bar us her flrst steps to reform.THE FSXKCH TAKIFF tTKSCB THS SEW TftBaTT The Pnrto Sterne *f the zexh of January publ»a<N » sort analysis of the Osatoma tariff, ia order to show a«< tnearticles prohibited a n much less numerous titan a gtae rally supposed. They consist, it aays, of firearms, cap- sules, empty bottles, chicory, cutlery, worked rock crys- tal, worked copper, turmenc in powder, cards, ***<* ar stoaat ships, worked la tie, dye woods, aad all ears*«t- cept Peruvian, iron wire, rea trimmed wnh loathe.' •» - dtr . certain kinds ef cotton thread, cast metel, p r . o w hooka, cola not current, certain desenptins of c --«-• & tk;ns and toother, cottoa umbrellas, plated ware, w •--. 1 end, fine pottor's were, gunpowder, heavy saddlery, re- fined sugar of particular maoufactore, tobecoo tor pr.*.»<» ise, certain kinds of toys, cashmeres, worked hair or t w a act mentioned in the tarffs, woolkn hosiery toe*, sfk sen, worked *me, aad carriages on spring*. Tbe probi'ii-cn. S may 0 * eeen, Is confined to arttotos which are to-s per (ect la France. The otnect of the prohibia.». av. -r ^ to th* Aerie, to to protect national snaaiifacture* tv.* tt was never considered that they should tost fer- ever—Ibey are merely temporary. The proof tea* be found in ae tow of the llth of February, UU, wt.*t» regelated a * right of the governstent with r*rp*ct" ' toriflb. It may likewise be found in tbe third arnok nf tb* Aenahu dutuUe, ciplstotog the constituti» fha> merchandises admitted into France free of du*y are, it says, much more numerous thaa the sanaiifactorea arte cies prohibited. They are almost ail articles of firr n- otssity, either for **a*nsn**to* or to he em . u y : tomaaufsctarea. Tbey are nitric asid from tbe w m - n . agate, pineaprites, s mineral silver , arsenic, '••»•;pr.The Snoop of tnranb had heard wSji satisfaction what had fallen from tbe nooie duke. It was quite true t h a * * * * o o t the custom of the British gorernmentjlo engeg' r.9*^. •lncnmaons te prrnxxe the trade In any article,! ? - ^ . » S w <» the irowth of cotton, the British gov before the Tictoutudes of tbe gpaaish war. England and !Jwhether he had reason to believe that the French govern- duction ofthe duties upon all foreign wines to re- fray* it would be moat obiectionable to maintain theNEW Y O R K (•Mr, htor.) Be trtoted ftat no eflbrts would be 1tLatoei aadahw'andK*».IDDITIOIAL FR0I KJBOPL omHteghy the people of thm eoustry to sriisjnte every !!Sto?7tto £boa»«»ntoTga\VCra«^^t o n B ^ ratK-al enterprise for the deputy ef cotten in everymmAmotiomumsSpi*roject of a oeconfMtSeer«aSaomn of IHtalryj under the t«fc*ey- •m-u*tt rsetmaeambae.r, was entirely ebaegeWefianadtePope. That plan had been brought forward on manybecaSai unWrnn to belmcteuo* WRKA can•a»Ton apprted to good ends (Bear.bear.) Astoaenorteda whicb it will bs 1rac'icable to submit the treaty to toe. *quarinr where it coaid be obtoned, and that all the en-couragement which tbe government could legitimately THE MAILS OF THE CANADA. give would be afforded. (Bear, bear.)Lord Wonsnocw said t*utf their lordships were aware that the attention of several adminisvauonB had been given to the important point of opening up the rivers of*he Hapoleon-Cobden Tre *ry of AXriea; and two expeditions with that view were now ac- toally in progresj, one on the Xlger and the <*hor on theoccasions, and whether it was even now abandoned was ^ ^ f t e a ^ ^ t w T a h ^ s n e ' r M r t . * B h a n t doubtful. Another feati*e of the treaty of Vilnfrancawas, that the two Emperor® woo had just terminated a sanguinary war, entered into a deliberate engagement to restore the Grand Lukes of Italy. On the 2ild of July a question was put to the noble lord toe Secretory of State for Foreign Affairs in that Bouse, as to the intentions of toe French government The noble lord gave a satisfac- tory snswer to that question so far as tne English govern meet wore concerLed. The engagement then given, which was toe oaly cable that had stood firm amid ail too changes tbat had taken place, was, that no interference by force of arms in the internal affairs of Italy would re- ceive the sanction of the English government, or would be attempted by |the Cmperor of the French. He mastadoption of a * policy of free trade. In tbe days when itwas considered part of the duty of the Executive te watchover the industry of the country aad to prom we this, to re- side ration of tbe House, I have to say tint to* treaty wiafee.s rough in the band. The other variety, is from im ported seed, yielding a cotton that renders it unnecessary te fumieb tbe peo:>le with Amortcan seed. A point in its culture worth enticing Is, the time of planting has been •elected so that the plants remain in the ground during winter, and five months or so after Sowing Uiey come to maturity tiefore the rains begin or insecte coaie forth to damage, the crop.moment may be lost to bringing these r iras fern .-d »ud that there may be tbe fullest rlnfintoia to ratlin k> 1 hem (Bear, bear.)unit ss e late ordinance of the government of i'ortugU the annexation or Savoy and Nice to the empiroallows foreigners to settle In the country neither cotton of France, even though he bas>d bis remarks npon aor -ugar wiii be collected.'' articles in French newspapers. Tbe statement to whichcustoms' dories; but a e result of this eommeTclai ar 1ai.gem« nt wcukS be to throw a e additionaPjier centoge, If tenr d nec«s»ary, upon all articles except wine, to raise a o price of articks of ordinary consumption anong the poorer classes of the community, and to exempt nae of the chief luxuries of a e rich. (Hear, hear) These weie the main objections to the treaty; but beyondReports bad at the same time been received from the he alluded bad apoeared la the two principal and habitual Niger, etating that a very great Increase In th-s prod a so of ot pans of the French government It was tlrst publishedcotton bad taken place, but the extension or the supply to Le Fays, tUc most careful and prudent of the Ministerial in certain districts was mainly dependent on the suppres- journals; but what had chiefly attracted tbe attention ofsion of the slave trade. (Hear, hear.) Lie wished ha Koi ore was i'K escalation iu the columns of LIndipend ati'-r. Beige., a Brussels paper In the enjoyment of Imperialthinking a c r e jwas some treaty was to bo en- tered into just tben, and he felt as confident us ne^ cwild be upon sny subject where be bad no documentary evidence that it was w i a a political, and not s cr.mmercial object that the oonventjou had been got up.tri.PiTn TUESDAY FEBRUABT 14, 1866.-TRIPLE SHEET. HERALD, TUasuAi, t ^ —^ _,—, „. .i,* m rrr "^~7 Wl _ „ I ^ n . to reolv to revtew tbe prooeedrngs •*. tbe* guHBto tion as ens of rerenne a e potWon ef the _ friend ossaef 1 ^ th^roimtref Nicehad km*be* frm* »e SJj^f^Hontokst met. Ontbe 11* sf futftbe ,^t 4 to Mm minfntnoitleiy moreobjectionaVcandt*J between»be•ave"w-i^iIttwass»o'proiftoou»a«dyVflt^»cnbch»h<aWti*t*bJa»dJiZmZjBffl-jt^c?mVyo^I^ViinllrafTfrnsin.ocaWwMassigned,whichctomatotnedthat Ule.Thbepoosistio^n<o*fParhasnentaadoftteeouaW,awsktotedaiJ^aLmryorHtito.uthemher7£Zsirrd to see Prince Napoleon King of Btruria and Central he recollected, however, fAat ve had reoeidly been subjected Italy, in tb*se words:—"To refute these rumors H sufficesto a svcce*fi< n of nirpriwnt, a«di that the policy of some if our to remind the public of the acts and words of the Esipe- terned Uvem of the existence of a market, iho cottoa public men hid been changed in conformity unth—he would ror before and after the treaty of Villafranca." Oa toeperiment, however , and a e y could only conjecture whatthe result would be. But in entering into a oommercialtr«sty of this tort they prevented any return to sa In- to which it te sought to be pushed. We know very uuto ert ai *>d rate, should there be a falling oil. They had often inured, except teat a treaty of commerce has bean ae before bad deuciencas of tbe revenue* which rendered it gotiated w t a the French government, that probiWu.r*was entitled to call the attention of their lordships toOur Bits from Europe by tho Canada, date! io twris on execrable trade- an I as the cilUvatum of cotton was a it was tbe int*nlion of tho Em|>eror to adhere strictly to were to be federal fortresses, although be had ner*T this country from the political relations of her Majesty's lb* TIth and m L, don th*. 3Sth of January, contain tbe most important branch of industry, the supply of the tbe progrsmme which he bad laid down for himself. La Iteard tbat Austria had assented to that arrangement governmentwith Ute government of France, and it was as-its own favor, is such sn srrang»ment to acv.-<*n<*. wia tbe received principles of political ecooeisj' Toe Chancellor of the Exchequer undertakes to prove u.at t is, and desires us to wait till, the treaty baring b, -rv piaced on the table, be is to a condition to prove his **ser- tion. We will listen te him with the utmost res: er . and attention, but we cannot promise te suspend our judgment so long. It seems to us toat we bave already before us all the matters for a decision. We did not dispate the psticy of lower'tug our duties 00 French proluce in order to m -rite a corresponding towering of French duties oa R. vl<«h produce, hut we have heard nothing yet which should- sbake us from tbe conviction that if it contrary to all u .>principta of eanotKJcal science to make the regulation of our revenue a matter of convention with a foreign Suit'.* so that we shall lienafortk be precluded from raiding taxe» rn our own people in such a monmras we may fnmt pro-per, becawe we have stipulated Jor tht benefit efsomef *s*to rcawfrv that we will only to* eurseJee* to a porncuiar may and toe particular extent We fancy we eaa underfttani that, to order to reduce a e duties on French wtoee for the sake of some remote equivalent, we must take off th*- «u ty on other wines from which we derive a targe revenue snd which will give us no equivalent at all; ao thai in o*r anxiety to remediate Prance we are forcing on no .!> -d for cf\.Ki*:oi to toe claims of countries wh>cn ouer us Dotting *n retundemand of this country for that article would coincide la Palrit threw some suspicion upon that statement, aad Ld Tbe Emperor' went on to say:—"So far as ihe interests ofa marked degree with tbe suppression of the slave trade. Putrie was undoubtedly tbe more correct of the two. Frince are not opposed to it, 1 shall be happy to serveHe was not prepared to discuss the matter referred to by Such was tbe journal which published the manifesto to the cause for which we have combated together." Thethe noble and 'earned lord relating to the internal affairs which be w*lied to call the attention of their lordahips, Emperor thus acknowledged that the cause for whichof America, but ss regards the slave trade, tbe Uuited »Dd which was transferred to Vtndrpemdance Brlge an the tbey bad combated together might be. adverse to the in- tions of the noble viscouni's government and a e govern-snry and applied tor au audience of his Majesty. lno»- suppress it. so that he trusted the peopie of that country now determined by counsel, by her soldiers, and t'ai ignsn was elected Regent. That election was peremp- ous than bfrnself of maintaining a e most intimate relationsfotiowicg very interesting detain of a* varied and ex ; r.r-ws to that day» an abstract of which baa alrea lysumed, no doubt, a a t , as a nation of shopkeepers, we sbeuld at once become engrossed in anything which wore s commercial aspect, and give no heed to what required a e closest and most anxious scrutiny—the political rela-received by telegraph from Halifax: -A letter from Vienna of the 24th of January sayv—On Saturday a deputation came to this c*ty from Han States Uau by a recent measure shown their dispa6n.icn t > 2°d instant. This article said that Frareo was terests of France, un tbe loth of November Prince ment ef France. (Hear, hear.) No ma. was more desir-Hungarians, who are tbe choeen representatives of thei would never recur to the cursed traffic.voke a ty DIKI lor the settlement of the affairs of the evan must for many years be an obstacle to any sensible in- gers contingent upon the adoption of such a principle by. On the £9th of November toe invitations to the CongressProtestant brethren, hive come to petition his Majesty toreditary arrangements of Vienna the truthful policy the 12tb of November set forth tbat tbe election of the of nationalities. He was not aware that there had Prince tended to prejudge the decision of tbe Congress. Onmate alliance was for the interest of b o a countries, and nt teeter y for a e peace of Europe aad the world; but there was a difference between mutual friendship and intimacy, and an understanding between a e two governments which should amount to an identity of pohcy, and he wa% afraid it was a e latter which the noble lord Had to view. He believed that the language which the noble terd was disposed to hold » tmrope was that B*g)and and trat.ee were of one mind, and that the rest might do what they Weed. Tbe result of tbat could only be a combination of a e other Powers w i a a different view, the division of Europe Into two camps, snd ae maintenance of peace solely by the preponderance of power on a e part of England and France, to his opinion that would be a moat objec- tionable state of thing*, far many reasons. If he under- stood tbe leeling of this count-y at all, it was that we were not to engage needlessly in hostiliues; aod this feel-Pari (jRtY observed it was quite true, as slued by tbeau»p"Q* his patent of tbe 1st of September, aad to con noble duko, that in our own colonies the want of labsr bi'cn any diplomatic declaration te this effect, but tbe dan tbel6tb Buoncompagni was substituted malgn rFrauci.get eel church in the kio< Jom of Hungary. It is doubtful erew; in tbe production of cotton: but in Africa there was ibe powerful government of a great cation, were much wbethtr the deputation wl>l be admitted to the prw-ti.-<• au ..MBCiise territory titled for the cotton cultivation, and gieater than any which could arise from the annexation of trie F.mperor, but if it should not obta'n a hearing th° a population -eiticieut u> carry n on. He was sorry to of the Ducby of Savoy. How many of our poxiefstrms—rupture twtween the sov-piretgn ant! the great majority o' bja Prowsunt subject* w.i! be complete.THE COTTWf Q0I8TI0I B EHGUHD. »%re tracer* to defeat the effurtt made for the ntppretsmn of 1'russia be shaken from Posen to Aix la Chapelle? And In the trade. BttotiemTthat if that teent on America would tbe case o( Austria would not some steps be takes withweie sent out, which the noble lord (J. Russell) thoughtit well for bis own part not to refuse. He did not intendto questioa tbat decision. He was opposed upon principleto a Congress to settle tbe adairs of Italy, which ought tobe allowed to work oat ber own freed, m without beingindebted to any other Power. When, however, the nob elord was told tbat if he obstinately refused to give thoItalians the benefit of his protest against interference tbeCt-Dgref s would go on without him, the noble lord perhapsbad DO resource but to a cept the invitation; and u be hadbeen in the noble terd's situation he should, no doubt, havedoi e the same thing (A laugh.) On th» 13th of Decern-br r Rome and Naples g'±ve m their adhesions to the Con-gress. On the 2ad of December appeared that mostrmarkablepamphlet,bearing all the marksofofficial ingarosenotfrommerecommercialreasons,butbehopedF r M L a b o r C o t t o n A g a i n s t t h e S l n v e Tridt-IuimeBM Extort* to Grow Cotton In Aftita aad the Britieta Colonies Oar ••Oouiewtte InetitntKna" am Oftnce to KtKllihmes-Th. Afitrnn Chief* to b« Converted to Inuastry, and Wapoleon'e• • S m l g r a n t Deiiata*' Ia«t'.Ured I n t o , & c .im-vr the reprobation ef every man "f r»gW Ming through- regard to the Hungarian people, whose loyalty he believedhear ihn» the slave trad<- had increased. and he wxs afraidthat its increased activity was mainly owyig to tne :i-..;.us-Ubce it derived from the American ll\g. 7b tht infiniteami ttamal dugnu* of the United SUites, that country atlowed Us jt.io to be prostitutedfar t.M purpjie of enabling tht made to revive tbe nationality of Poland: Would not*mtthecirilUedworld. (H ar, bear.) Shewjuldpabe herself ufidtr the 'an of humanity, and it was impossible thattheir lerdship* could express too strongly the indignationtheymustfeelatsuchdisgraceful coouactoatnepinof taperwhichwasindirectcommunicationWillitheFrench a great country. (Hear, near) But, bf-sidee America, government, and had a Par<s correspondent who received be pbonld have been glad to bear from the Under Secreta- his inspiration from the Foreign Office. In the "Resume ry for KnreiiiD Affairs that another powerful nuion, which Politique'' of that journal there had appeared a state- was deeplY to blame in ihe matter of slavery, had seen n.rt.t from its Paris correspondent, stating that itIn the House of Lore . 0* tbe 1 of January, LordBrougham, In rising k>a^°f> -<*ord: n - to notice, for re- the error of her ways, and had adopted a wiser wss understood that the desire ot Englaui to see the turn* relating to tbe importation oi c ;;< >, said be unler policy, lie should have liked to hear from his no- extcLtdou of Piedmont to the Marches, and her sa-Ti.ese are s-r« s considerations, but still more eerie r? is |- re grve by m; -'ion a sanction to the notioo tnat duti< nought to i.c r»'-iJ or lowered wta a view to otnar. com.**^'- ounce*-:uu* from oaer nations toss al-Mood there would be no objection on the part of tbe ble ineud wbat was tbe position of France with re- t..->act CD with the commercial treaty just negotiat- government togranting them. lie thought it would bo <q>ect to the slave trade. Their lordtLips knew what ed, would Itad her to observe a Ftrict neutrality whilesistent boa wia ae interest aad dignity of our country. commercial treatv .• Iare entitled to careful eounVderamost aatisfactory to all to know that si. -e the repeal of the France bad done. While she hai nominally abolished inly apon cotton there bad been such an enormous in- slavery m hsr dominions, her government ha-l di-tbe dtuhy of Savoy and tbe county o' Nice were oonaulfcelas 10 their rfesire to be united to France. He did not be- the pamphlet on the Congress bad expressed his views.(Hear, hear.) He was perfectly convinced that it was possible for this country to maintain tbe most amicable relatione with France and the rest of Europe, and to hold her position and exercise her influence ae a Lberal and enlightened nation; but if tbere was one policy more than another calculated to injure her interests aad lessen her influence, it was the adoption of an identity of policy w i a France. (Hear.) Tbere were many reasons why no such identity ought to exist. Tbe English were not tbe people to go to wsr tor an "idea" (bear), and regarded tbe necessity of going to war inaUOE, even aou?h .' . -lould turn out that a e object of a o treaty was, as has h •>»' pretty broadly insinuated, to com- mit the French govejajfnt before a e meef.og of ihe Legislature, so that it »n"B be impossible far the protec- tion IM element, however powerful, to force tbefttu<•-•,-•r back from tbe word be has given. IT we are to adopt this view, if wn are to believe aat the present rreacL Parliament would raise so formidable an opposiboa te ttw adoption of free trade that even the Emperor could an:. pa« tbe measure unles* fortified by a solemn treaty « m » foreignPowers,wehavenoreasontolookwith*;.•»*/..•*.1•yon cotton previous to its remission. He hoped the factwoaul be an encouragement to us to repeal duties withoutany regard to what was called the reciprocity system, butFrench covernoient had slave markxts,established places ID Pans to communicoto with tto Monster of Foreign lti sidency of the Pop* To «how that the ten iency of thevery different light from their neighbors. But, with- en the part tre shall play in the e»« • / oa imvonant s-iu**oo teas than 480 articles upon which excise or custom* sere levied, to the great dwoomibrt of trade and injury of those who dealt in thtue articles, while theproduct to the revenue was under £> ,OtW,ij»i0; in , be believed it was oaly about £o00,oou. He rejoiced ui the bene'its wbiih bad resulted to the peon!;of urn rotted states Irooi our repeal oi tbe duty on ra v cottoa, tut it anouli not tie forgotten tuatsom* of ourovL, eetonies presented great radii ties for the growth of,cottoawere these slave hunts undertaken? Were they or *•••••») V:.; opposed to annexation with France. It snigfet stlfasthe liberator of holy, should carry out Os* principlea e common consent aad reason of xnnnkmdvrectly authorized the purchase of what were in mockery tailed "tree emigrants/' of men brought down in chaini io the coast and stripped as free emigrants to Freucn colo-lieve that hit* noble friends opposite would be actuated by any such motives, or would torm their dccisioD upon any grounds but those of their public duty; bat be sho-ild likeThe Pope did not hesitate to denounce the pamphlet as a "signal monument of hypocrisy an an ignoble tissue of contradictions." Count Waiewski resigned and the Con grecs was postponed. C the 17th of January the Pope refused to cede the Romagca, set on the same day Count Csvonr had tven reinstalled as the Minister of Sardinia. Tbe policy of tbat statesman was notoriously at variance with that of ibe Holy See; all prt,*ptjct was therefore at ancmofcs.ablisbinganItalianconfederation underthe•rente m .io- importation el ooiton, from 63,000,000 lbs. toI,i24,QOO,0Cv '* , an increase of sixteen fold, and the im•niim**"" fr> n the United States alone had risen from23,000,010 lbs. to 830,000.000 lbs., or an increase of thirty nies. Ibeir lordships were told last year that 'his atrn 10 ssk bis noble friend what was the state of these aecoti- •wo fold. Thta enormous increase in tbe importation of c w s system had been put dowa on tbe eaxt cnast of s: ODS. He could not suppose that the answer would be M M s no advantageous to our manufacturers and the Air tea. Be wanttd to know what ><-as going on at oreseut on tl'it the rovfTDnunt knew nothing upon tho s-ibject, be- community generally—had boon accomplished at the theveitcooM. Tbere, he was informed, me system still cause, alter tbe publication of the art'cte to which he had U(flingcostot£800,000,whichwastheamountoftheduty cot:inued,andunderthenameofikodts d'tndudrie, the Tbft-irred,the Dac.ua!coursewanIdbe for ourMinisterto which the slave trader might bring his goods an i be Aff'irs, acd obtain irora him a citegorrcal explanation of certam of a market. To pcetenl to have abolishel re luraning. This was the course which he adopted, with slavery in the French colonies while tiies^ mirkots w TO lie nine uiin'st..-rs with whom, during six years, be haiout going bite all a e many points of Difference which sub-by pacrifices of every kind, to substitute for the he- torily stopped by an order from Paris, and the J/ontfeurof between England and France. He believed that an inti-thaie in the Mediterranean, the Ionian Islands, Gibraltar, Malta, rfc., or those in India, for instance—v*wl4 stn.nl this <oi" How would Russia be aflicted by Iff If such a prin- ciple were once established, would not sn attempt bewas not. yet shaken, but who required some attention from the goverLment? AU who were acquainted with the poli- tics of Eur Jf>e knew that the J'uirpenda'vc Beige was aFmper^r war still te 'be same direction, be might mentionthai only the day betors yesterday he bad received depu- sisted between them in form of government and to thetations from the Marchfs and Umbria, ami gave his adhe- sion to ihe poliiy or takitg away o*ber provinces besidesbear.) Kvery one knew that ihe receiver at' stolen gooJs Swiss matter, during the last few months oT tbe mlgn o; 1 de Legations of the K .magna from the Soly dee. Wl h was ihe main promoter of theft, an i was a more danger loins Philippe, when he obtained from M. Nu*zot the most these facts before them, bf was conflient tbe House would ous person than the actual thief. Hi with resp-«ct to cortiiU and candid rxplan&tiona; and also with rete see how desirable it was that Italy should be relieved from slavery. The Under Secrcivy bvl told their lordani.is rt-iice U» ihe expected invasion oi Savoy by the Pro- the uncertainty of the last five or six months, and that Ae that the growth of cotton in certain pai 14 of Africa h*d viMOLoi givernmeot io the year 1848, when M. Lamar Kviperv* of the trench^ if really bent upon couducJing him- been stopped hy recent slave hunt-. For wbat pjrpoae t:r." atimitt/ d to him that the disposition of the peopleif Ft 1rch opinion, and Ote enmity we shall incur by bei**, the means of producing so great a change in Pren-h <vw. mtY-eipolity It wilt be hard indeed to persuai> «mr neighbors of what, after all, we are completely per?< a-led ourselves—that the remission ot tbe protective dutv <u foreign manufactures is tar more important to a « con sumer tban to the producer. If ao, it will be naked, « t y 1annot we be content to impose duties in oar own war,Io repeal them simply because we wished to get rid of th;imposed upon us by those duties. There were open lor 8lav>-« was a mockery and a del'iiion. <Uear, to deal. It wns '.hat whi'h he pursued witb regard to thespirit snd genius of a e people, be maintained that, whileit waa their interest aad within their power to bold tbemost Intimate and friendly al'ianco w i a France, tbeywould only jeopardize tbe prestige, honor, and influence ofEngland, as well aa the alliance itself, by attempting topreserve aat identity of policy whiih be believed it wasa e object of ibe noble lord to establish. (Hear, bear.) and to leave our system, if a good one, to work tie way bythey not undertaken lor the purpose of obte!nui< victims to supply tbe contract authorized by the FroDcti govern- ment!' That wan a circumstance which their lordshipsbe worth while for their lordbhips, aad Eoglisnm-n g.me of tie.n t»/e»rc»iften,aiidai: once withdraw his troops from r<< i'y , when they were anxious to apply those admirable Italy. Tbere wou'd tben be an end to ine apprehensionsTbere appeara to ua to ha force to these news, and, as they are formed independently of the purtcuiar details <: a e treaty, we are at a loss to understand how tiiey will be modified by a more entire knowledge of propositionttcoi>t tiitionai principles which they valued so trench at «_»-' be hoped that in Bniiab liuiaoa, Jamaica aad in Africa ou 'ht to know. England, of course, bad no autbvity to boifie 10 o'Der States, to recollect that that country, whichwhicb now prevailed tbat Leghorn was to be occuoit-d by French trooi*, like Milan and Genoa, aad thai England, debarred from gnu g to »ar. would find remonstrance in- effectual before the fact of a-.toal possesiion.Tbe honorable member tben pet bis question to a e noble lord.THE FREE TRADE ACITITIOI If EFR0PE.Tbe Caascauoa or ran akcaaquaa aald—1 rise particu-larly for the purpose of following the honorable gentlemanwho has just sat down, and who bas discussed very muchat large tbe treaty which is not yet on a e table of the upon which a e y are not founded. The best that can >-e House. Tbe first question I a i n k in a e miad of any genever? encouragement vo<»il De afforded by th8 givernaaent te ibe cultivation of this must important material.AN •. t- %'l, he trusted that a trade in cottoa would beopt.. : iip on tbe east coast of Africa, in tiw districts expiorti l>y Dr. IJvingstone, tor J> n tbe b>gh land o*' thasountry cotton to an; amount, and of the best quality, civilized world. (Hear, hear.) ntarr.i, wnb a slight enou.raecmeut. be raided. He washad not enjoy ed a liberal system of jroveriimect,'bBt only the foim of governni>nt under wincn It had lived for centuries, was MI averse to part with IM institutions iu the y«far1S4S that it actually rose unassisted to resist any in- vasion by a French revolutionary force: and Uiat In con- s» quei.ee of the introduction of that which we called the mot'el fyttem of government of late yea/3 est&b'aed in Sarr.mis, the loyal fee.ling of that aw.i^ni nppc**am of thehouse of Saroy had Incone so weakened that the u'AoJt popu-lation uas ntrw dextrous of parting with the olssings of thatsaid will, we believe, be, that though we have deparu-d front our principles and set a most objectionable prece- dent, we have done something towards breaking aown the wall of exclusion between the two countries, and re- ducing the probabilities or * discord wb.ih we are a •% justly anxious to avert \fcdictate to France. France might do wint she thOTwht right; bat if she continued toencourage toe accursed traillo in slaves she must expert to have members in both honjes of Parliament freely expressiog|«heir opin>on<t ot her i-oa- rtnet, and to tind that eonduct, condemned thro<igbout tnel*rd WoiiKiinrsK regretted to be obliged to concur In tbe statemnnt of the noble F.ari that th? American Hig had t«r.n prottiluttil for the protection of ths ttace trad?; but, on the other iiana, %t wax tone comoiatiim to know that theik man who has listened to a e bono-able member mustbe, bow m a e world is it that this siugle and fortunatemember of tbe Houi>e of Commons has attained to a a tminute and correct knowledge of the character of tbetreaty which bas enabled him, before it is producedto the world, to express his opinoos upon it in socopious a manner and in every possible point of view?For the present I must beg to adjourn the defence ofibe principles of free trade and a e establishment of tberelation in which a is treaty stands to them Not with-standing toe denunciations of the honorable gentleman, Ican assure him a a t 1 entertain a full and perfect conft-on.ee a a t woen Parliament shall have obtained a know pfo 2d. per bottle)—an alteration which wiU, A a preLni'ett States government had arkno<t<l*i<)«d tha* their CLHstututiimal s»o«aic*y 't'licft we so much laud'd, and ofsquadr<tv on the coast of Africa iva* iwifretirt, and had uniting %iirlf to the Iminial regime of France. It was to Attack OD the Anglo-French Treaty faaPar-The outline of the terms of tbe treaty of commerce witb France, furnished by the Poteic s- ems to indicate taai toe reduction of th* English wine duties is to be frjr. the present rate of 6* »d. per gallon to Is. p»r gallon (eqaaibe hoped, theretore, that our countrymen, who are apt to be led by a generous impulse into advocating the adoption in other ccuutries of the principles of govern- meLt which they po j'istly priztd lor themselves, would pause and consider whether they were so sure tbat they voderrtood tbe real seotimenu of the people in whose behilf they »aoke. He would be very glad; if the noble earl ("ppoMle could state that her Majesty semigration of coolies from our territories in India. Thosenegotiations had been continued by tto present govern- though he trusted it would not close forever; indeed, if have closed without any allusions to toe commercial treatyment, and he trusted thev would be brought to a success- the question were not brought before their lordships by ful termination, in which cue tne French government seine member ot the distinguished political party behindwith France, and in that case he would not nave thought it his duty to address tbe House; but as a e honorable gen- tleman who had just spoken, as a free trader, had 000- gratulated a e House on a e commercial alliance withwould, doubtless, fulfil its promise to put an an 1 u> the bim (the opposition), be should take the liberty, as an in - unhappy emigration of blacks from Africa, an emiirratiio dependent peer, unconnected with any party, to intro-had been driven from tbe country, and th;.-e who choseto remain bad been reduced to bondage. Englishmen which, however, humanely conducted, under wnau-ver duce it to the notice ot the House himself. Tto) noble France, and tendered his thanks to the government forsould not avoid expression their feelings on these subjecu, tnough tbey had uo right to complain in any other way. It might be said that bondage aad slavery were of great anuquitv ; bni the some drfmc* tcottld apply to massacre and «»«rdrr Jar the jiru man who wot bom muiiertd the samnd. Although that,therefore, might be a defence in •Jbs eyes of our kinsmen isghe Southern States of America, It was not to bis mind even an extenuation of the crime. Tr%m., it wot no ooNccrw of owt: but, on the other hand, they bad so right to complain if we dm all that we could to lad a sub»btute for the cotton grown under thejdomestic ka—niiiiiiii Be should be glad to bear from the nooks wake (of Newcastle) that the statement respecting the mm m which he bad referred was grea Jy esaggeratnd, hat, without following that sabjsct any farther now, be would mors for a return of the quantity of cottoa im sorted from tbe various parts of the world within tne lasttwo years, ending the 31st of December, 1830, dieUnguub.- tog the several countries from which imported, and also the amount of revenue levied on the same.Tbe Duke of Nswrasna, of course, had no objection to «he production of bis return, and assured bis noble friend atOnSMc«timebattbegovernmenthadadeepsense nftbeimportanceofextendingasmuchsspossiblethegrowth of cotton. In Jamaica, as his noble friend knew,precautions, mast tend to perpetuate the norrors of the slave trade. (Hear, hear.)The motion was then agreed to.The Italian Question in a New- Point of View.Marquis concluded by asking whether Her Majesty's government had received any information as to too nego- tiations -Uted by tbe Ministerial journals in Paris to exist between France ami Sardinia for tha annexation of the l>>>cby of Savoy and tbe connty ot l>.ce to tbe^oauinions ef tbe Fni| eror ot the French?lord GsAMiiut—I regret very much that I was not in in my place yesterday when the oobie Marquis gave notice of his question. But, on inquiring of my col- leagues, I was informed of the nature ot that notice, andentering Into a treaty of reciprocity, be, as one who cer-tainly bad tnwaya concurred in a e policy of a e free tradeadopted by this country, SUM* enter his protest against such.a treaty, as one of the most objectionable measures that hadcter come before Parliament. (Hear, hear.) He bad always hss gone tar, it has not yet been fully accomplished, andnlv Ww * • " " ^ 1 S » S l h SboVMomMwfJV U i mmmVmMmeW WmJ**" KP%* ' bad BO more wish than France to abandon Italy«y, >y saaamganbtihways ot tbe great coatineat of to Knghnh soto Austria. " B Id known," be observes, " that before the will of CbarWs II, wiinb gave tbe whole Spanish monarchy to the grandson of Louis XIV., trt itv* of partition of that succession, always on tbe pjint of being mooted, had been made between France, England, and Bbl'and."We bav* nothing to do to-day with the contents of thefirst of those treaties of partition, but let us c-m-l ier whatwas contained a the second, under date the Htuot iLtroh,1700. The Archdttke Charles of Aostris, after wards Em-peror Charles VI., was called apon to take a n inheritanceof the Spanish monarchy, especially doatbern Italy, whicbwas given to the Daaphto. As regards toe Duchy of Milan,it was not to be given either to the Dauphinor to toe Arch-<hike: it M , aUutud n'Jmr « the Dukt of Lorraine who would enable the equipment of toe army to be carried on France eighteen months hence. He was afraid that a e de-ths traders have a safeon eachr«•Me ef them, and\ down. The diffl- i of obtain-ment had any intention of taking any such step for thepurpose «f preventing toe annexation of tbe provinces of1entrel Italy to Sardinia, which their constitutional repre-f>enutlves had voted W their final determination* l b smatementto which be referred appeared in a FrenchPaper of good repute, and all the other French pagers hadbeen desired not to copy the paragraph, an exercise oflower extremely significant. It was clear that the French before prided thtmsetus so much the treaty teas an anach-tity of policy to all cases between the two countries, aad he atnks that a e object of the treaty is to divert attea tier, trom the state of the relation* hstoaasa the govern mmt sod the Imperor. If it is, tbe plot has signally faik d. for on a e very first day of the tessioo coraesdown one honorable member , than whom s o one is more com- petent to denounce us, to dteclose a e clandestine pro- ceectag to the fdbe Of the world, and to blast whatever hope we might have had ot cot,costing our infaraou* ia- tenttons. to former times there have been individuals and parties in this Bouse who have felt aa ineradicable and incurable jealousy of a close amity between Franee and Rtgland. I bad hoped those times had passed, but « « > w * " d j * » • * " » • « ftftar listening to a * speech of the tonorable gentleman. He says be wanes fbrsamb- mate alliance wnh France, but not too mtimate—he is afiaidof teenayef policy. Is tbere any other man ia ate Ilouae who is afraid of idenay of parley? Is aere another member who believes to the posaibOitv of aa identity to ail c a m , at ah times. betweeu1hel>alicy rf Ent and snd France? Tbe practical question n.^rbether we believe a e r e can be, to the nature of things, too closeoah' v wbhticbh w«a sTrmrnaTTiV 5L ^_^__ "_^ _T^ " ^ ^ n t m ethers ssg free labor te fsoaaoe esttsn a«awhere there was an abmtdaat aaowa Mluratien of cottoa would iMatu^Z.merce, but without any return from Spain, Portugal, Neples or Austria. Looking to the convention as a recipro- cal treaty, it certainly appealed to him as a firm adherent of the principles of free trade, fkof tto government had dearly atandoned that free trade policy upon which (Jtefadvanuge of introducing a wbotssoma'anA^w!^'loom- morce, wajca wouro nwrnmiety ossjroy the • . « . .••or tbe oaly way by whtdhthat trade coaid bTantl..^; destroyed was bynaotwf the J/ricmm ehte/t flteitte,government were aware of the STtoMneo of toe rumor nance of the Minister of War appeared on the 23d of Janu-roatVm, a retnuraae measure, and met with his most decid-•sg tAoa wite riawry f*r traneportatim _ •0*44. Be therefore sartMsuy trusted that cftbe government would be directed to tbe , ed even to tbe Increase of eftorrrtowM to Africa, espeeJally mmof which be believed therUtoeyw^l7^Hte^"U,^IJr?^' **** **•» »*3 <£* torn te hand peer Lorraine la Frana:, or "> the l>uke of immediately. Not leas than 100.0O9 untformTwew to bea***»•» gvnses,S*month. TheJfuisshtoaPdrwiessnwT-r ^ m•The result during peace will be in reality anties— TheQuestion Debated In Parliament -French Troop* for Leghorn -The French nationalities of Europe, opening ap also tame ofLniperor as a Liberator) lie.the most important principles of politics and of internation- al law which it is posstole to conceive, and ending with agreeable personal reminiscences and autobiographical details of what happened to him during his embassy at[From the Paris Patrie (Unperial Organ), Jan. 27 ]It is not a shut or provisional arrangement which Paris. (A laugh) I do not think it necessary to follow**^, *ho was then to mat* ever San-y ant the oounty ofat AsVit 111 ***iirjt •«• A • nam**, - ^^» •w^rw ww wnmade by which OO.tOO uniforms wn^TSDiSJ*'J*?to a s did sot obey the presundtog. and sympa'htoi Inlikemanner,when to occupy Savoy, he dMa friend, and Bbear.) •** b.-«.n. • 1Th*•—. ~ \«—»» juice, borax, goats, oaoutohouc, ashes, nvwb»»»«:n-. cobait, pur* rook crystal, mineral copper, ••>,.•..'!•teeto imported to French ships, mineral tin, tn.u •- >••boa, cotton imported from a * French C o * a, inthtnatureefthecase. cast metal to be employed to builimg* *.*».«-,mm oataw Ontothaiiu of franc*, to this point of the cession of Lombard v to *t. n is act, properly speak- bad been king foreseen and ff to* Milanese muiicfpittty -ofllilaotoKmg Vis-OOtoor Bapoteoa TIL SantoasMBteofoMMOtoris*. -atowaserderedm• " • • " " i r . t e t M Srstwttbaot, sottd bitumen, timber tor building aad fir. «**.. • n ubderatandtog between the two countries. (Hea7 wood for cabinet makers' use, sweet woods, <• .. .-•which draw* tkrouah aidsry (to Jf»* *arise; it will no longer be necessary to applydmary credits, aad thus ancover one's game, when it is requisite that Uw greatest * * - ^ ^first preparationas. Bguartopnes has not beheld without as- tonlshn-ent the rapidity withb which a* French army passes from the peace to tbn*ewnrfoeOag. Uhns bosn deemed to spplyr tohtis principle1 toJbe regimental work- m e n , w h o w i l l h e e aA b b l l e e I c a s e c f n e e d t o t u r n o u t 0 0 . 0 0 0 uniform*permonth."government had ascertained that no ground extend for impiitlirg to the French govertimeDt any such Intention asbad been accribed to it. If, however, the answer given In the House of Commons on a e 2ftlh of January Mr. to ibis question should be, that the government were at W. kwan made a few remarks upon toe commercial tre*fiit unable to afford sty information to Parliament on treaty with France.tbe s u b l e t , of course that discussion must now close, Mr. 8. FrrzuEEALD had hoped a a t toe discussion wouldannexation of Savoy aod .flee to France— also tl' the fact mat the noble Marquis meant to put histapelron oa Territorial Rights and Trea- question without raising any dtscussiou in the House. course most adverse to the interests of this country. He1 was, theretore, not quite prepared for his very long and Interesting speech, entering into tbe political literature, the geography, and the differentwould view it as a treaty of reciprocity, and it was on this ground tbat tbe noble lord recommended It last night to the House He said it was necessary to enter into a treaty, as otherwise it would be impossible to secure those ad- vantages which were offered. Now, let toe House under- stand exactly how a e muter stood. They were 'going to make immediate concessions of a very important kind, and they were told that in return they were to receiveFrance is new following up in Italy. The late campugn the noble Maiquis at equal length, and I must likewise de- certain advantages at a e distant period of eighteen hasgirm Ur the right, and has almost imposed upon her <l-ue to give him an answer to either of the formulas months. But how stood the case in reference to this very th*duty1>ffounding»»iheItalianPeninsultaptrm.i*^nt wbieh.bewaskindenoughtosuggesttome.(Alaugh.) questionofaewinedutiesasregardedothernationsofwitbirown lands ences^ upon •ale, granted certain of stances aad traversing tbe most various phases without est of both countries, could ever have tha slightest Influ-these naos for ths perted • years, m order that the losing anything of its power, is history it-elf. The pre- ence upon her Majesty's government in regard to the ex of revenue, even for a e sake of securing, to a certain ex- duns do not press upon the poorer classes, because a *enpsnment might be Uted. mad, Im Austral*, attempts ones tbe cotton plant, and ' there asd in other of * moat would- be ntbe sow colony of Queens else besag made to intro- earnestly trusted that both mh doauflions thn experi-sent condition of Italy gives us a striking eximple of this truth. L^ft to themstlve*, the populations endeavor t> ri- aiss- lite asneeptvm* of the dipl-imacy of the two cenlurin, ronorptions which were only Violently interrupted in IS 16, when tbe spirit of hatred and the spirit of retaliation took the place of skill and prudence.la a remarkable article published io the Rerme des D-ux Mmits. of the 16th of July last, M. S i Uarc Gir&rdin called to mind ths* at the end of the 17th century, andtent, toe admission of our own productions. The coonsquenco had been a a t there was no treaty of reciprocitywith Austria, Spain or Portugal. He could perfectly un-derstand a e position of a e government, if they had de-clined from btginning to end to eater into a treaty of re-ciprocity, as being inconsistent w t a a e great principle offree trade which this country bad adopted w i a so muchsuccess. But, instead of employ lag an argument of a a tkind, the government were actually claiming credit tothemselves for having effected this reciprocal convention. most dangerous oftenee of all. My honorable friend Tbe result of that treaty, if carried out, would be the re-pn SBIOD, in tbe firmest and at the same time most friend- ly manner, of any opii ions they may have on any great European question. (Hear, bear)The subject then dropped, and their lordships ad- journed.FRENCH TROOPS FOR LKflHORN.In tbe Bouse oi Lords, on toe •-•Tib of January, Mr. D. CRim-ra rose to ask tbe Secretary of State for Foreign Af- fairs whether it was true, as stated in a French paper, that 30,000 French troops were expected at Leghorn, sadwines never come within their reach. (Hear, hoar.) The duty stands like a wall of brass between tbe poor man aad ft glass of wtoe. Bad, however , as-a the treaty w t a legsrotofiee trade, Infinitely worse as hi* to regard to revenue, to say notning of iu betngja breach of th* consti- tutionalprtvikge* ofat*House,theclimaxofa* awnis* ticn is not reached till we come to the political character of the measuie. There is a secret intention of drawing closer, in some mysterious way. a * ' relations between this country aad franco the weightiest aad/ Piedmont, dram Sacoy %nd investment. Rumors ot war aad war Itself 1m tm eo of BoBteaqaiou taw mm*Twm\'Z* Z?C' * •afesOvsi." ^ ''• • •••OlSl,! pxm, in the aame year 17P2, when G<ordered by the Conventi-* » makeNice, a * town, tboagb provided wjaformldabteTJuitery nurrendered on toe flrst sumntoae, s»d tbe corp>ration of"1 am abtoto oansm mevery pstot a* UaAtntantaewiI set t you yesterday respecting a portion of the lsapertalUntitled Documenttiuai d having received its ciaiRpeigU oniiiptoent, ftn rogt-teraia at Versalllea are ready to march at four hours• j a * The officers are pooled, but, cf course, aatkapatoThomas M. Tryniski 309 South 4th Street Fulton New York 13069thty enaU ever be Au f y t f l f a f #*a /)ht*^L±flr*iahAhSawww.fultonhistory.comtDsplraticD, advocating the separation of the provinces 01 t b e L e g a t i o n f r o m t h e H o l y S e e , a n d e n u n c i a t i n g DriDciples very dissimilar to those contained in the Em- pen.I'S speech on tbe 11th of October. Immediately alter that Count Cavour was appointed to represent Sardinia in the Congress; and on the 31st of Decem- ber was published tne letter of the Emperor to •be Pope, which fully confirmed the supposition thatand trusted from a higher and Christian view of our na-tional responsibility. If, however, that entente cordiaJe,this identity of policy between a e two governments ofFrance and England, were to continue, it must end rn themore active military Power leading a e way, aad leaving vanced in it' ptir.<-u*es of commerce thaneurselvtM England to follow humbly in its wake—a position incon- All these aings n -m to as to result from tbe nature ef a,Debate fit Psrllsntmt on the Sew Treaty.thought it a principle of free trade to distrust treaties of this kind. Tbey bad been told that reciprocity was protec- tion in i u worst guise, and on a a t ground he thought any- thing more objectionable than this treaty of reciprocity could not well be imagined. If the government had car- ried 1 Uis out as a treaty of reciprocity, then they had done it In the most clumsy and objectionable manner; and if it was not a treaty of reciprocity, then tbey bad taken aI shall invite a e honorable gentleman, by and by, as a man ardently attached to the principles of free trade, to join w i a us in congratulating the country on the great step which has just been made towards its compl.Uou. I am afraid that my honorable friend, who baa been so learned in the things that are to be, has not taken ade- quate pains to Inform himself in a e things that have been- My honorable friend went back to the history of tbe foreign negotiations for the reduction of the tariff which were conducted to former years, but abandoned, be says, on toe ground that, as the duties which we war* denied to reduce were levied as revenue, we could not make any concessions in regard to a e m . I took aa active part in those negotiation* myself, aa did also say noble friend beside me, and ao far from Ha being a * fact that we always reserved our wine duties, and wore unwilling to touch them a* being collected for revenue. a * r e wss not one of the negotiations, whether w i a France, Portugal or Spain, to which we did not offer large redac-turn lor the substitution to France of protective instead peace of Bui ope hy the preponderating influence of Eng- of prohibitive duties on certain articles of British com- land snd France. He is afraid we are bent upon aa iden-7m ed disapproval. As a reciprocity treaty it was clumsy to« - ^ 2 \t, J!!St^S * • p r e s t o * it. An ordi- the extreme, because ft reduced the wine duties withoutary in tbe MmitiurdeVArmee, the official organ of thereceiving from the various foreign nations interested to the matter those tangible benefits which toey were willing to afford, and oa a e promise only of some return fromlay of eighteen months in admitting articles of Brttisn COM merce into France wasfikely to create misapprehension and irritation. No doubt, if toe duty on French wiaea alone were reduced at once, a considerable increase la a s 000- si.mption over bet* weald follow and a e French prodatora would find their account in a a t result; but if a e duty oa all other foreign wines was to be reduced at a e aame time, tben them seemed to him a high probability that as re- garded France the consumption would remain much as it was, forhyfarthelargerincreasewouldtoteplaceinae ueeofthose winesto which the people of toi country were most accustomed—the wines of Spain aad Portugal—thel r * » * "**^**dnwmm, psaWSO, better - . *our a*^l?era •ndcli£M»- IfthatturnedTaken in connection with the rumor tochanges were sufficiently significant • letter from a * France to do ber part of a * agreement tne prod-wars to private correspondent of a French par. .stated:—out to be a e case, be feared that when the time came forns of the noo of Europe, there isgame, glue, pare gum, black ofiv**, medistoal b*rM, oysters, cochineal, green vegetable*, barns, mar.;-. as**, th* residuum *f obves ana crape* after e x p r w w , budding matertola not worked, West Indian snoto-ftfe*. iheli flab, turf for flrtog, tootner o'paarl importel M> French ship*, tbe eggs of fowl and game, rucaei, ivarr back, mineral gold, undreseed rabbit sains tine pea""-, rough diamonds, dresaed feathers, freshwater tee. «"t flth from the French ftohartos, potatoe*. h^aories, p*\ •••*. itcnes, beehives, leeches, refined aak from the coiohir*.must confess he could not see the slightest necessivy, | —isasretsl state, for making Isswiiillaln snanwanani toDathese, be oould nothelp a especialreason whyIt was dove teith the obj>ct of diverting the attention of of its neighbor, in consideration of a simitar relaxaunq mtions of aose very duties oa wtae. The nego that may be formed on ais point must, however, be vmtingeatupontheabsenceoflocalorcustomhouse01--•.»• tions, calculated expressly to create rostri-Jtiont in a new form, which might become equally a* potent as tho old. On pig iron the duty of £3 per ton would, it to behtvei. prove nearly prohibitory, but tt to hoped that on tbat ma- terial a * rate will he different Concerning tbe 3D per cent rale oa woollen aad cotton manufactures the bene: » that S a ill allow a large totroductioo of British conoa goods into tha French markets, particularly to tow qiail ilea, and that there are certain descriptions of low worsted aad woollen stuff! which like wtoe cannot fall to be tek<*v Inconiiderableqoantitie*. Asanguineexpectationo*.Jobelieve* „On t o occasion tbey everinflfocd the day berate joaerdav, aat ths maaeaaou* J2» to he exchanged within t^n day a—a very short, bat a ia b> ped a mmcirat. t me for a e renew of so impartau an instrument—aad that, therefore, we shall **aff u> hr*. to bareonly • stogie source, itobto to be" adsctod by the unoer-— of ths obstacle* which....... w. _ sys- tem which would, to tbe opinion of the French tnem- selves, blow out all the forges to the nenh of Franco. Ber- Hies othope w* ail ckaer not only oacause it'it may be drawn ctosor and of tto Intrinsic vara*, hot be-ta ttoatf which can bv anv new 