 aTHURSDA Y , AUGUST 30, M l1 •>..position. Or Fowler cV Wells, if called upon, would TDocracy torn up their noses at amalgamation. ButFROMPBJLADEJbPjatA,aetrcam-of sunlight ^pouring throagh ft -stemed-glasSwindow. Ineednetsaythatfewoftheir•counte-nancesreqmrSdtbisadditional tmgc of uglmess. Art It is pleasant to have a room close to a sprightly little that celibacy was unfavorable to health, and which Virginia the number, runs up to 79,0001! I want the-•gxaaassaste A GOVERNOR—CROWDING A SWISWAM—>TBEGREATPOLXWCALMUMBUCL i Our Own C**r««poDd«nt.not fail to give the law. That popular physiologist, while in the Republican Stateof New-Hampshire, we SylvesterGraham,assartedthatthecommonopinion find179mulattoesyinthegoodoldPemocraticStateof»PHILADELPHIA, Ang. 28,1860.I l b e r e i n five Presidents to be elect* d in Penn- legs, which, .frequently wreathed with red stripes,to the first private ball he has attended during his American visit. ^The course of the royal party, after the Canadian tour, has already been telegraphed to the newspapers of the United States. I find tbat a good deal of dis-In conclusion, let not T H E TRIBUNK readers rely upon , NEGRO SUFFRAGE.—The Democratic party is com-or believe in an " evil report" of Shakers or Shaker- posed of two great elements. 1st, The original, stives m the old and sure strongholds of that soSSRookedlike animatedearber'spoles, exwptingfortheir sylvania this present year of .grace, and only two numerous knobbyprotrusions. Their dress was scantism untS'verified by their own observation.FREDERICK W . EV ANS. Bftnhor ,Villa{/e, New-Lefcanon, Columbia Co., N. Y., Aag.chronic, and unadulterated Democrats. 2d. The slip- interpretation of our organic Jaw, and that whoW-n* pery and eminently conservative Whigs. This partycharges " negro suffrage" upon the Republican party,and instances Massachusetts and New-Hampshire, Ooveroors. The former being the most nnnwrous, Batuxalry make the most noise. The old proverb «f the more the merrier does not apply, in witness whereof see the bitter denunciatioos hurled to andand graceless, their ah abject and degraded, .and their manner destitute alike of the delicacy of civilization and the bold picturesqueness of barbarism.18, W60.• ' ' • ; .I S K l *°r & * & » gTeat\enThThtv1 6t beiw4^i^% I -,k n o w f i u a - ftwasmyforfmeto\ believed from the beginning it was a fraud, but by the rest of the floor was carefully marked outN for the light of yonr extraordinary revelations we now the dancers, with sections inclosed and guard-cember 3,1859.Leaving Mr. Lincoln's carriage jolting over theand the same is true of Iowa, Minnesota and Wiscon-pel, such elandei-—I tell you all—that we mean to take one of these "mud-sills," and by the rightful exercise of that glorious power which our common Constitution has conferred upon us, lift him up and place him proud- ly where he shall be the very ridge-pole of our political edifice!know it to be such. What a topic it is at all our &ead-quarters, in all our numerous club^rooms, wherever two or three of us are gathered together.Your crushing articles are read aloud at many ofthese club-rooms, to crowds ol workers by day whoearthly, sensual nature of man tbat is forever opposedto truth, always seeking to.controvert any new phaseof it with a -' flood" of slanderous lies and misrepre-sentations, which come through the "mouth.'.' A man that stretch between Atchison and Leavenworth, letein. Yours truly, ..J. C.U."come nightly to hear the news. No cheat has ever on an elevated platform in the center. All was pre-raised so broad a laugh. The Bell leaders are pared with assiduous care, and carried through withstruck dumb by the blackness of the disclosure, absolute perfection. It was the paragon of ball-rooms.The; following announcement appeared in the Re- publican paper of Saturday, and was placarded about the streets:Wide-Awakes or throw up caps for Lincoln. The effect all over Pennsylvania and New-Jersey will be most ruinous to the Bell ticket. Of the many heavy blows st. uck by T H E T R I B U N E for the good cause, this last one—the last up to this time only, be ^ r e - membered—has been truly terrifically crushing.,-.'the useleasness of future competition. Nothing so- complete in everj detail, so ingenious and really ar- tistic in design, and to brilliant in execution, can possi- bly be accomplished during the Prince's journeys. The best that New-York can provide will be as nothing in comparison. What .increased the extraordinary im- pression produced, was the astonishment of visitors atoccasion for such unwarrantable"" aspersions as the fol- lowing:"No sweet breath of homo warms their barren chambers— the fancied purity of their Jives is like a vacuum of an exhauHted receiver, where all noxious vapors may be extracted, but the vital air with it."From a bigoted theologian, who expects to go" to heaven, after having lived a grossly sensual life, be- cause he believes that Jesus, and twelve other men. lived '.good and true Shaker lives'eightean hundred yfars ago, we might have expected statements so false to facts. It was unlooked for from B. Taylor. The fullness of the meaning of that beautiful old Eng- lish word " home", is not and cannot be known beyond it-9lower degress by the married man and woman. The inevitable "trouble in the flesh," which so often leads to disease or causes silent aud unutterable suff- erings, preclude it. From these troubles often a remedy is sought in " free love," in suicide, or, as in the recentdidn't go to Washington on thatTaccount. , ONE OF THE BELL ELECTORS.To the Editor of The N. Y. Tribune.v."THE VISIT OF THE PRINCE OF WALES. finding so superb an exhibition ia a place where, toeay the least, sumpimousness in any way approaching this bad not hitherto been looked for. The attractions were not confined to the interior of the edifice. Theiheprtjudkes of a fair-weather-loving community, bat illuminated, and at the back of all, the Mountain Royal after all it is rain tbat dominates. In conversation, the rose grandly, supporting and sheltering the entireMONTREAL FESTIVITIES.From Onx Own Jfceportei.Sin: Is it possible that the people of the State ofNew-Y ork are going to allow themselves to be cheatedout of their votes next Fall ? Henry H. Ross of Es-sex, one of the Electors nominated by the Holy Alli-ance at Syracuse, is neither a Douglas Democrat noris he a Belleverett man. I had a long conversationwithGen.RotsattheAdirondacHotel,inthisvillage, Headquarters,MetropolitanHall,No.178Princestreet, a few months since, and he told me, in the presence of on Tuesday night. This was only the second meeting sevtral others, wh<) well remember tbe conversation, of this corps—George H. Smith acting JIS temporary that he was not only a Democrat, but a BUCHANAN" Chairman. A number of new names were added to Democrat. He held that the Supreme Court Dred the list, making about forty-rix in all. The Club ad- Scott decision had eternally settled the Slavery ques- journed till next Tuesday evening at the same place. tion, as far as the Territories were concerned, and'that, MONTREAL, Tuesday, Ang. 28, 18o0.it rained yenterday. I mention the fact mainly be- grounds which surrounded it were glowing With lant-The meeting wa* then eloquently addressed by Geo. G. Bt Hows and Joseph Ctnter. Twenty- he new mem- bers were added to the list, which now numbers nearly three hundred voters.drees presently adopted: mackiutoehee, I'ndian-vqbbers,result of which, in most cases, is to force to the surf icecuriously, and an umbrella ball would certainly not be>N»S another admirable provision of the managers. All an uninteresting spectacle. • species of refreshments, nourishing or inspiring, werea few were moJHcd all up with, comfortable snake-skins. The chiefs appeared with feathers all over and will linger pleasantly with those who consideredthem, even running down, toefr";4egs, so that theyjoohed like a gigantic breed of bantams. All tacir with less genuine admiration."they" (the Shakers) " have a singularly dry,'starved,'•' lontly look, which, if it be the reifult of their celibate"life, is a sufficient comment up.m it." PerhapsArchbishop Hughes could as»ist Bdyard to tome «tawd-tic-Bbearing upon the subjects of celibacy aud longev- infumdus. 1have yet to find the first Republican who" didate only as & choic*of evils. Very far from that." I have been glad to take him from araorg all that" were offered on his own substantive merits. I do'•*not hetitate to declare—and this is no newly con-yards in diameter) was filled with the gayest and most brilliant throngs tbat the neighboring country couldI have, purposely reserved an account of Mr. Lin- coln's reception and stay at Leavenworth—-th* metropo-——•—. THE FREE WEST.I&EW-YORK. DAIL Y TRIBUNE,voaoe. After the concert, the Prince will go to-night "but with decided benefit." . • cratic Vice-President. and enjoyed by our U M ^ ^ i ^ o t t S ^ Zagon IjOO feet in diameter, capitally planned for present. At least five thousand persons joined in the would have regretted the thoughtless manner hi which3,000. listeners. Lincoln's portraits hang every- festival. The vaatnees ofthe building prevented all he expressed himself respectinganimportantsystem, lisofKansas—bothbecauseitaccordswiththe"march where around the interior, with banners eloquent inconvenience from crowds, excepting in the vicinity and its adherents and/exponents, the Shakers, of which of events,'', and is deserving of enlarged mention.moment that 2 write, is ringing through the dingy cor- ri'HrsofthehotelinasuddenburstOffreshestmelody.'•Lincoln of Illinois, -was the wisest, the most?««"clone, the v«rv >.Lt. * w *>,„ r<u*LTM J?TM' J<V"- clous,theverybestthattheChicagoConvert." couldlbave mafle." <m My feUow-citfasens of New-York, I kaow Abrahaovknivss were afewmomei tomnlt. Tfc< drovefromt]V-A large I of Richmondday, the 2*i Were pre***- by Ww. P*> City, and H nlgbtfafl, tfco and Iowa C •wbJcb speect gfone- Bet-, eung by tt* Thegreate*t—A genii?:traveledby* to a friend voyage: '*'< which showc and (mirai, '< consequent tl obnoxious b> con to do bc»i a caie worth ? c--nM rot L -i H is very do-i! lowed to go it be looked al that it retft* «' *f<}er the qne«—It i« naid Skate* Min>t letter to^t K«I to be in fav >i—Tk* i<m Grand Jiu.oi Breckinridi, J•notpow^rfjil— A -C01T9Iunder date of ** YeeteriU]Ncrthtrn P»-c made a telling lowed by Caj Wide-Awake grand perad« form, inaku.g tliis part of nee*. Ail ha—TheRepc York, have o—A COITUSgives a glowrat Alfred, Ms " The sp« The number \ modated witi air. Upon tl «ight ytar*. ienable riphM voted for Ge< every Pre*ir spares bis lirie rem ber 7ICJ '. faith of the Am*j'a*) Goo burn brightly—rthe A'es Everett men J toform a co machine" in <—At St. CI licsn meeting Messrs. Blaii crowded.—Mr. S*K" Comptroller Doughy pr>ee< seem to set hM.r. Crook * o: job. A-frien<" It soon b* npon the tov didn't underst tmterrified ei speakerofhh* loves to spea hours, giving no event cou dtnt, but that elected, mak ever was delix while over tl streamed out painted the i vieaged geiitl amusingsoiei speaker.'"The Hon, with his cocei the Denocia juunicationfDBAkSra. B. Carroll w.-rie thu Democin c Dourlaaforthe of Abraham i iito the arranfra: cnMion befor<* t held at such v.n bnt in S«ptemb them. Sucb a; and propriety, i be Instructive t candidate most campaign. '. oium an an****' so *• Very"This Iette Democratic 1 and afsecte* Tucker teerai fit to decline, during Septal sion. This ie—A eorrei Aug. 25: wri" The VaU ago for a ^ra on the 25th, i who are in Old-line Whi, coDeervariv'.'issuesofthec era! an invita the 'Beti-rin, supposed then the nou. H. early occawo moon was £;e would rise o shades of ir.irl John B*ll wo poeed for Bel paying his re« publicai part tired The man that the] Log, when mc di^uaxtly rep He then calk ta.step out < poeltioa, ind wa^ found t. After thio HUT. It is usdevide in Serai ton e R^publicaii M corps of W i< splendid Lin*, breez*." .i —Oned >idP. BrvwnU w to join the i>e out uo<»or :is •which would election." T<, MR.JOUI>A 30thult,Kud when I exiHM 1 have j«.iue< shines at mi< man forgeta <bnatioh» to march to i«*t up stream— shed no leav< lauch—wtK'iwith the an mean wbi»«^ ncproptui.uo credit the ;<•(Jjoin th.•. seel* in Cb'U dirt in vidua water in tin*vocalist who'darte cadenzas and roulades about like has led many a young man and woman to ruin, was an rac«:s kept distinct, and because I do not wish to hold aentire.fallacy;andthata"humanbeing,ifpurein negrowomanasaslave,isdoesnotfollowtha»,Iwant ^Jnrth,8Wefi^mcandkl*u»whom TM 1Wpre-conldaddbutlittletotherepulsivenesswithwhichnature had endowed them. Thea the paint was not spray, and who makes all those who pass turn and " heart'(thoughts), could go from puberty Jk> old age a her for a wife. The only notable instance of amalgur sented to you-whorh you and we have cho** &hl confined tofaoes. It -tOeo served to vivify arms and linger for chanoe glimpses, as it were, of her bright "perfect celibate, not merely without physical injury nmtion that occurs to me was in the case of a Demo- our standard-bearer in tins .battle for Freedonv?or thJThe nominal "garn«s" began at about »10 o'clock,ft© between certain of the contestants, who used to when the weather was only afflicted with a slight driz- New-York," at the decision to .make Portlandferring this fianchise./wa8 enacted by the old Whigs inMassachusettsandbytheDemocratsinNew-Hamp- shire; whereas, in Kansas, the only State wherein theof considAr^rTSr w'- ^ . ,he n a d *° decline, oata.ImtSSS? & bu, ?«r80naldttties a"4 necessiW 1lbe the best friends in the world so long as anything zle. First there was a tossing about of balls, and a the point of departure.- Boston, and not NewMR. LINCOLN IN KANSAS. •was to be made by it, reversing the homely distich purposeless re*mg hither and thither, which the In- York, had previously been settled upon, but Correapoxukmoe of The N. Y. Tribune.•f Hudibras:" Uke &o& thai snarl about a bone,dians appeared to enjoy, however inscrutabledt all ap- the reason for the later selection was, that. *$•+*Repnblicane have had the framing of theorganic law,.' LEAVENWORTH, Ang. 18, 1860. | tneVleitive"franchise is^conune^to'tiTe^white man unobtrusive in his rxianner w?ffS5rf, ^ ^ ^ iDuringtheextremecoldoftheearlypartofNovem-.Ialone. thatservice,andwiSTsuch'%$££$£??F** ffber,1859,snd whilethepeoplewereinvolvedinacam REPUBLICAN PRINCIPLES.—The real issue of the anceandobservation,itwasn T £ S K 13%%Andpl*Jtogethexwhentbxsy'Tenone." •'' sidewasirictorious,for,afterabrief contest,'halfthelifo wonder that in this wild pursuit of five Pres- iribe fell to flinging np-their arms and kicking out in.be imminent, i The sailors are out for a long cruise, paign of the highest magnitude-r-the work of complet- day and the age is the extension or non-extension of that he was a man of no ordinary stampt!^ tht? and ready to seizeany opportunity for escaping. With Slavery—its localization or its' nationalization. The might yet make his mark higher ao5more^Sf9nSf ing the State organization under a Constitution which principles of the Republican party harmonize with the ously-one that by his clear, S ^ S S e c ? % ^ &pearedtotheuninitiated. Itwassupposedthatone/the[danger of^desertions pom the West Indi* Squadron,incaseofavisit"to.any largecity,would(where negroes are allowed to vote), as evidence to appointment is expressed, by persons representing POLITICAL l^IELLIGENCE. ' huetain the charge. But it so happens the law con-idents under difficulties those humbler competi-tors, the two Governors, should be measurablyoverlooked, nor that one of them, at least, shouldhave been actually submerged, gone in with hishead under. I bave a suspicion that ifcis individualis Mr. Foster, the nominee of the united Democ-»acy at Reading before the meeting of the disunitedDemocracy at JBattimore. Ever since the memora- a weather-beaten Patriarch with a yellow nose and arrive there a few hours before the time appointed for " Mr FRIENDS IN KANSAS: It has long been an With tbe speech of Monday afternoon, December 5, character peculiarly needed in him who is to be put atthe most -excited manner, crowing at the same timethe vessels of the a?qyal squadron, it is different, but must yet become the organic law of our embryo State— flpirit of progress and the teachings of thoee in whose fnl power of argumentation, bis fair, sttaightforiStrd poulterer, while the rest pretended dejection* and the Admiral's Unwillingnesss to permit a division is •and our best and wisest men felt some solicitude as to blood our liberty was baptized, and the predominance of conree, and his manifest unfimching honesty of pur- wrinkled the paint upon their foreheads into supposi- understood to have prevented the visit of any of the the result, though the Republican sentiment had never these principles*is essential to the proper development pose, would prove himself, on trial at any timeiflike an entire barn-yard under immediate fear of theof.our Republic, its permanence and prosperity—to the n*ed be, worthy of and competent to any stationor titious frowns. A war-dance followed. A score of ships to New-York or Boston. The Prince will be met been so strongly in the ascendant, a message came to salvation of the Union, and the perpetuity of free insti- trust, however high or responsible, to which he murhtthe most disfigured among them formed a circle around at Portland by the squadron, which will probably Only us from Illinois, which, in substance, read: tutions. . be called. And these are the qualities of nnnd and V Me flare-up in the latter city, the position of this green cheeks, who pounded incessantly upon a drum the final departure.. eager desire of my heart to visit you and your noble Mr. Lincoln closed his public efforts in Kansas, but re- the head of the nation at this crisis of our public affairs.gentleman has been painful in the extreme. If, he President Felton of Harvard College, who is now in land. Old acquaintances assure me that by coming to mained over the next day to witness the election, and ^ But Democrats object personally to our candidate. while the rest slowly rotated, shaking their long hair, to you at this time I may possibly render a slight ser- obtain all the latest reports. The three counties in They say he is not handsome. Perhaps, he may not •ould hare found a lodge in some vast wilderness, twisting their arms and legs until it seemed as if the Montreal, has offered an invitation to the Prince to vice to your country and our common cause. When which he had appeared were Doniphan, Atchison and be, according to the nicest standard of beauty. Heaven«ome boundless continuity of shade, into which no joints must separate, stooping to the ground, and sud- visit' the University, in the course of his passage duty calls lever strive to obey. Not without detri- Leavenworth. In all these he succeeded in arousing help many of us, if beauty is to be regarded as thepimping party spy could penetrate for the purpose denly rising with screams as nearly ferocious as they •Taskjng, "How about Breckinridge?" to be fol-lowed by another asking, *.' How about Douglas ?" could make them, and helping the bizarre effect by the• r if be could have parried these damaging ques- rattling of gonrdri filled withpebbles, and the clashing oftions, or been permitted to go it dumb as well as clubs over their beads. With ail its strangeness, howear-blind, there would have been comfort at least, no er, the performance wasas unpicturesque and unexcitingmatter how feeble the hope might have been. But as any tame drawing-room quadrille in its most sooth-•n these two paramount issues the badgering has ingsoftness. Sometimesit was diverting, so much so1>een incessant, and as the long campaign pro- that the squaws, who stood close by, were overcomegressed, it became unbearable. He must come out by a Bense of the absurdity, and laughed outright.through the States. The invitation has been accepted, mtnt to my interests,T therefore waive all personal and consolidating the Republicans, eo that, although test of fitnees for honor or jposition. But as to Mr.. with the midersianding that the visit is to be a private considerations and gladly place myself at the disposalof Lincoln, he niust have studied that strongly-markedthe friends of Freedom in Kansas, to whom I feel, in the trio of counties were considered hopelessly face with most unobservant eve, who has not read in one, and that no public ceremony, not even the usually common with my countrymen, an eternal debt of Democratic, the two first-mentioned (Doniphan and it the lines, and glowing expression, and light ofThis week and the next will be even more ex-party drill is most admirable. W e are as vigilant and active as the rowdy runners who swarm at the first note of the fire-bell. The least intimation—a new speaker from abroad, the opening of a new "Ward Wigwam, any occasion when we meet to take counsel together—brings our young men out by thousands, livery ingenious appliance of name * r equipment has been adopted. W e have Clubsavailed nothing, asd the royal sword was laid with no eeting part of the day'B proceedings and doing* was the of Illinois The same afternoon Mr. Lincoln went to stood before us as an illustration of what industry, in- hew his way in life, and press upward aad oaward, magnetic touch upon Western Canadian shoulders. reading of original pieces, in poetry and prose, by the Doniphan, and spoke in the evening. The next day he *' tegrity, and principle will accomplish. In no instance1 developing, strengthening, and refining his powers andat Sixth and Brown streets. Truly, it was an the most beautiful sight I ever witnessed. army with banners—the streets made light as day A circular building of great magnitude (one hundredSociety of Hancock, Mass., and my only regret was, than to receive empty applauee.'' It was in this spirit him—to Honest Abe—as the Man for the Hour,and the veyed to the mind and the heart of every youngThe levee was not prolonged, and, as no public cele-.bration was fixed for the afternoon, the time was givenup to specula?ion upon the prospects of the weather,brethren and sisters, which they had prepared for the occasion; and these were variea by an occasional selec- tion from some other source, or an extempore speech. There were three or four of these meetings for reading,rode to Atchison, atd spoke again with telling effect. did he allude to himself in connection with any office qualities at ench step as he advances, until he i» chosen It will be remembered that up to this time Mr. Lincoln or pesition. Frankly he spoke of the most conspicuous for the highest position to which any American citizenwhich lowered so frightfully that everybody foresaw speaking and singing, during the day. Some very the result, although a few tried to cheat themselves beau'iiful songs were contributed for the feast, by some with the happy hope of a cloudless night. good Shaker brethren and sisters in the spirit world;which were as the precious spices of Arabia to more But, in spite of all the, rain, which commenced common things. The day itself was all that day couldbad visited none but "country'towns." At no place candidates for the Republican nomination, to all ofdid hia audience exceed 200; out his speeches were al- whom he rendered a discriminating meed of praise. He ways as clear, elaborate, logical, and eloquent, as when predicted the disruption of %e Democracy aud the he appeared inyoui mighty metropolis, in an institute certainty of our success in I860, and he looked hope-'thronged with intellect, grace, and. power. He paid fully forward to a better day for our great Republic. the kindest deference to all inquiries, and seemed grat- His cord'al reception in Kansas only evidenced theified at any interruptions than indicated interest in his strong hold he had upon the popular heart, and may be " talk," as he was pleased to term hia able and eloquent regarded, in view of subsequent events, as a significantcan aspire, must have, much in him to make that choice appropriate. If those flippant orators and editors among our opponents, who make their unworthy thugs, think otherwise, itmay be fiom the consciousness they feel that if either of them had commenced his career as a splitter of rails he would be splitting rails still. And, my friends, when we consider that this sac jess, ;his now prominent position of Lincoln, is but the fruit ofperseverence, industry, energy, aud unwavering, honesty, who would take away, by disparagement or " scoffing, the noble and encourjging lesson thus M>n-•f Kail-8plitterg, Campaign Clubs, Invincibles,Continentals, Lincoln Defenders, Mountain Sweets,with the overwhelming Wide-Awake*. Last Sat; early in the evening, and never ceased until morn- be, for both beauty and enjoyment; and was in unisonefforts. " I never etop to inquire," said Mr.Lincoln, "as toindication of a sentiment wide as our nation, deep aswith the 8urroundirig8cenery. Among the literary se- arday evening there were acres of these men ing, the btJl suffered only a' partial diminution of lections was Bayard Taylor's description of a visit, orturned out to help dedicate the People's Wigwam its splendor. I think that, altogether, it was rather call (for it lasted but a short time), at the Shakerthe character or numbers of thoee likely to hear me. the human heart—a sentiment and impulse which rose To accomplish a little good is more gratifying to me and.strengthened like a mighty billow, till it pointed toacceptable vanity of a collation, will be expected.gratitude.' - ' Atchison) wheeled into the Republican line. Nu- thought, which teli of Benevolence, Integrity, Firm- These were the few and fitting words of that gallant merous invitations from the interior of Kansas were ness, and Mind, beneath its heaviness. And remem-SHAKERSOCIAL BAYARDGATHERING, TAYLOR.ANDvolunteer, in whom we now recognize the great stand- ard-bearer of the Republican party, " ABRAHAM LIN- COLN."A short dispatch spoke our gratitude and extended a most cordial welcome to the favorite and favored son of Illinois. Without further correspondence, Mr. Lin com started for the Far West, and arrived in St. JO on the last day of November. He was there met by several Kansas Committees and warmly welcomed;received by Mr. Lincoln, but home-engagements forced him to return, and he bade us farewell on the morning of the 7th, after a week's sojourn and faithful labor. Champion "Vaughan gave utterance to the general feel- ing in the following article, which appeared in his paper tie mowing of our honored guest's departure:ber, it is not to grace or ornament the gay and fash-ionable circles that assemble in the brilliant »aloons ofyour rich City of New-York, that we offer you ourMAN, but it is to gnide and rule, as we believe him em-inently fit to do, tne policy and the destinies of thisjgreat nation through what may prove a time of trial*To the Editor of The N. Y. Tribune.from tiiis myterious non-committalism; he must de- velop, though certain defeat be made doubly certain #*reby. This playing dummy was not to be toler- a t e d ; so, though not openly declaring himself, he nevertheless speaks by a most miraculous organ, the said organ being a twopenny country paper,issued where Mr. Foster has his most intimate firkrods. He comes out for Breckinridge. Out- siders now learn the fact for the first time/though Hie Breckinridgers appear to have been all along in the secret. Hence they support him warmly, while the Douglas men cool off in proportion. The two cannot fuse, even on the State spoils. Thus, while JTosterhas been tongue tied, not daring to develop at a single public meeting, Curtin has been stumping it with a perfect looseness, and when the last scene of Ibe play closes in October, this curtain will assu- redly fall and shut out Gov. Foster from public ob- servation for years to come.guished the Quebec levee, for the room was smaller, with God, and in harmony with nature. For the ho touched our soil he exclaimed. " l a m indeed de- mercenary spirit upon Abraham Lincoln, tell them for l a m not so absurd as to claim that tbe capacity to steer Shakers are a people who, beyond many, " look" and lighted to be with you; I can now breathe freely." Mr. Kanses, that, though we pressed upon him such mon- a flat-boat down our Western rivers must be evidence citing and busy than usual, seeing that our nomina- and the important events,which there transpired were feel " through nature up to nature's God." Boats Lincoln-was very kindly treated in Eiwood,<and made ejed recompense, as our poor means would admit, of ability to navigate the ship of state. I make no tions for Congress will then be made. Tom Flor- here omitted. A knighthood or two had certainly been were provided, and excursions on the lake alternated his first speech there. The Town Hall was filled; all for services and sacrifices th;it no money could repay, demagogical appeal to your sympathies for those whoseence may be called the inevitable in the 1st Dis- expected, and there are rumors of untiring efforts to with refreshments (twice partaken of " daring the classes and all parties turning out. After his speech hefiimly declined all remuneration, and told us our humble birth and need have compelled them to begin trict—sure to be again set up, and this time just as secure the honor by some whose former claims to pub- day), which consisted' chiefly of a profusion of there was an elegant supper, the very soul of which- satisfaction was more than a sufficient return for the this life, hard in its trials at the oest, with toil and v small fruits served up with the products of was the honored guest. ' little he had done. In juetice both to our people and manual Jabor. But what I do claim, what the Republican sure to be laid out cold. The great guns of even lic recognition had been based upon their avowed in- The next day Mr. Lincoln went to Troy, the county to Mr. Lincoln, it must he said that during the party claims as full answer to these unbecoming sneers at the Navy-Yard cannot gave him. As events of this difference to any iavor that could come from English the dairy, and such other simple compounds and seat of Doniphan County, where he spoke in tne after- latter's visit no one ever dr<j »uied, he would occupy hia Abraham Lincoln, is, that the man who, from the most kind multiply, so does the enthusiasm of the concomitants as the kind and thoughtful sisters h*d pro- noon for marly two nonr's. The audience, though present exalted position. We loved and honored £Ae humble beginning, with all the pressure of poverty People's party become the more intense. The hands. But these endeavors, if such were made, vided in ample abundance. Bat by far the most inter- comparatively small, was absorbed with the real giant man in his plain and simple dignity of character. He and its privatiops to bear him down, can thus unaidedThe last operation, the apparent admission of a neo- phyte to their fellowship, was the queerest of all, but, at the moment when the adopted brother .was begin- ning to testify his satisfaction in a succession of ear- rending whoops, and the elders were indorsing these evidences of feeling with a rhythmed chorus of grunts produced by quick expulsion of the breath, the rain de- scended with violence, and, before the ceremonies could be concluded, drenched actors and observers alike The soft paint rolled from the Indian cuticle, and the swifi carriages rolled from the racing ground at the same moment; and the delusive mockery was aban-doned without regret.Without much delay, the Piince repaired to theCourt-Bouse, where, at 12 o'clock, a levee was held.The number of preeentations was very large. The, thereof would appear that Berene, quiet joyousoess On ihe afternoon of November 31st., Mr. Lincoln distant Territory battling for the KIGHT. And when ,friend8j I do hot pretend that the fact oi having split scene, however, lacked the animation which distin- betokening hearts at peace with themselves, at one was conducted to the Kansas side of: the Missouri. As the petty maligners of our men and principles charge a rails is in itself any proof whatever of fitness for office,SIR: On the 8th of this month the Young Believers' Order (comisting of three families), belonging to the New-Leb&non Society of Shakers, spent a day of recre- ation upon their ov» n premises, on the shores of a beau tifnl pake in Canaan, Columbia t County, N. Yi' ! The company comprised over eighty persons, in about equal numbers of brethren and sisters, ranging in age fromin which he will best succeeo who has the trtusting " Abraham Lincoln leaves this morning for hiu Eastern homo. confidence of tbe honest, patriotic masses of the peo-Our Democratic friends mike further objection to Mr. Lincoln because of bis early history, his struggles, thirteen to fifty years; none below the former, and citizens of St. Joseph, and The St. Jo Gazette presence have drawn him closer to our kearta- He is our irlend and necessities, and occupations in the beginniugof!*avc Sitae of that boldest and basest of all modern ' general effect of color. Two broad spaces for prome- Revelator (John) speaks of a great " dragon «rho cast ry and a joy forever ?cheats—the sale of the Bell party at Syracuse. W e a flood oat of his mouth, to carry away the woman and In company with the Leav6nworth Committee, Mr. Ohio and Michigan there is really not opposition enoughnade were reserved outside the circle, and her seed." We understand the dragon to be the Lincoln left Atchison early on Saturday morning, De-to us to make the contest either' spirited or interesting, branches of that party which assents to, or fails to re-*'ed by thick cords, and numbered, in order to afford easy rendezvous. A deep gallery, overlooked the scene from every side, and was closely occupied throughout the evening. The orchestra was stationedhard clods of the frozen twenty miles of mother earthwhile the Bell voters, the only honest men of the It not only surpassed all that had previously been at-j^arty, see the cheat clearly, admit it with a frank-ness that proves their honesty, and either join the tempted in the same way, but at • once demonstrated oi people who nave never harmed him, or given any" The Hon.. Abe Lincoln is ou Kansas soiL He has spoken at Elwood, Troy, and Doniphan. Last night he spoke at Atchison. To-day, at noon, ho arrives in Leavenworth; let us give the gal-his stirring eloquence, hia noble-hearted devotion'to the cause of Liberty."About 9 o'clock a. m., there was a great gathering Of citizens, and by 11 o'clock a large procession, "with mu- sic and banners, started out to meet the expected guest. The old Kickapoo cannon (a Free-State trophy) souuded his welcome when he appeared in sight, and the demon- stration was of the heartiest description. He was es- corted to the Manbion House, where a platform had been eree'ed.To this platform Mr. Lincoln was conducted by Col. John C -Vaughan; and, when silence was partially re- stoied, Col. Vaughan introduced JAr. Lincoln to the audience.Mr. Lincoln made a graceful reply, in which he con- gratulated the people on the victory they had achieved, eaying that tney would never have to fight their bat- tles over again. He expressed himself overpowered! with' his reception, in which he recognized homage to principleratnerthanatributetoperaonalmerit. His speech was a masterly effort, and produced a marked and salutary effect. He was simple aud downright, dealt plainly and juBtly with parties and the measures of partiep.Horn jest, from frequent repetition, has lost its savor, cians, according to an idea which originated, I believe, " sweet breath of home" for thousands of Orphans aad found on the street^ in offices or workshops, and took forsaken ones on Randall's Island and similar places especial delight m familiarizing himself with ouraad no longer excites mirth. Jests of all kinds, in- with Jullien. The Canadian Boat-Song, always of deposit in and around the "Christian City" of New pt-ople, their pursuits and convictions. In the after- deed, are beginning to be discouraged. The present familiar, was one of these The little air, which some- Yoik ? In short, after an experience in both orders of noon he delivered another speech to an immense'the Hon, G. W . P ALMER, and was aperfest crusher. "Wm.Rofip, who is on the fusion ticket as a Bell- Everett man, has been considered here at his home as a Democrat with Whig antecedents, for two years atleast. * So far back aa 1856, the Democrats, in connec- tion wiih the K. N.'s, run him for Congress, but heOn motion of Mr. Patterson, tbe Club selected five Delegates to the Central Campaign Club; and the fol- lowing resolution, offered by William P . T : Chapman, the President of tie Club, was enthusiastically re- ceived and unanimously adopted:Rewired, That we heartily respond to the nomination of Edwin I). Morgan for Governor, a* one every way tittlug and worthy th«? great come; and that with tlio glorious uum-a of Irio- coln and Morgan inscribed upon our auuidurd in the cowing oaa- va«H, the Kre« State of New-York will utterly vanquish the million* of Slavery, and leave their allien with the Bell tolling their politfcal death knelJ. \caase the phrase has Wconae endeared to me by con- erns of many colors, which hung from a thousand ele-stant familiarity. It rains always, wherever the vations. An artificial lake near by was covered withPrince of Wales goes. Here and there, to be sure, a floating lights, and the bridge which crossed it was likebareintervalofsunshineis-concedediadeferenceto aspanofflame.Thehousesintheneighborhoodwere" caseofa"ChristianMinister"inmurderitself. ButThe E'ghth Ward Wide-Awakes met at theirasoaDy popular and agreeable topic of the weatherloses its charm, becan.-e of its unvarying monotony.** Good morning, Sir" (or Madame), " wretched day,"ie the universal salutation. Sometimes toe observation played by the band was composed wholly of Canadian• "fine weather" is ventured in a sarcastic spirit; batOn the ensuing Sabbath Mr. Lincoln eonfined him- self to the house in company and association with a few particular friends. Monday morning found him.term of gloosa ia not favorable to their appreciation. Everybody is grieved that a season which should be in all ways cheerfol ia a* pitiably desolatea by this in- tractable climate. People are beginning to reject allhow seems to bave attached itself to the Prince, the more than twenty years each,.I am bold to say, that audience.account. . ,...'•*' ing the resolutions, which will be found in our adver- The General was decidedly down on the Republican tising columns, the members rote in a body and gave party, and nearly as much so on the Douglas Democ- three cheers for the State Ticket. They also givo pub- racy. I unde stood Gen. Roes to say that last Fall he lic notice that, whereas they increased their number voted the entire Democratic ticket, repudiating utterly 100 during the past }oar (l&W), they have added t3 the half-and-half arrangement. It i* my opinion (aud the roll 100 new members during the past month. it is founded on his own talk to me) that Gen. Ross Col. Beeney gave most encouraging accounts of thehopes of reasonable weather., The mortality in kid voices had a singular charm. The dances continuedutid interesting. In opening my note book 1 find the In the Shaker order, every'one possesses "hundreds following among numerous uth^r extracts which were,view.The dancing began about half past 10 o'clock, andB. T. says, " The purest life is that of the weddedman or woman." The best Of " Christians are thefathers and mothers." If all the fathers and mothersare the " best of Christians" the missionaries had bet-ter rest from their labors. Their work is done. But,are the fathers and mothers in New York, who buryhalf its population under ten years of age. " tbe bestof Christians." Or are those " the best of Christians" on the aiert. He took equal pleasure in renewing old who keep the,." ten governors" employed in making a acquaintances or forming new ones. He was to bebecame general at 11.. Some of the quadrille music melodies, the refrains of which were sung by the musi-The Eighteenth Ward Republican Association held the Popular Sovereignty doctrines of Stephen A. its monthly meeting on Tuesday night at the corner of Douglas were too late, behind the age, an4 of no the Third avenue and Nineteenth street. After pass-chorus of which—"Jamais- je ne t'oublierai"—was so folly joined in on board the Hero, was another. In that vast hall, the sadden change from orchestra tothere is a sweeter " breath of home" in and around a Shaker village than " wedded man and woman" ever knew, or than a contracted, selfish, generative circle is susceptible of, or capable of creating.Although tbe general public has been made familiar with the views and eenticients of Mr. Lincoln, a few points from his Kansas speeches may prove both fresh" of fathers and mothers, and brothers and eisc«rs," without interruption until the latest possible hoar this and (what is not to be despised in this matter-of-facttaken,as they fell-from the speaker's lipefFREEDOM NA TIONAL—The nationality of Freedomis. as old as the Government i.tolf. In all the States wh re Slavery did not exist by municipal law, or was not mtde a dibtinctive feature of the articles of cession, Frtedorn was established.KON EXTENSION.—The Fathers opposed interfering with Slavery, where it existed, or allowing it to en- compaaB the national domain. This is alike my doc- trine, and the doctrine of the Republican party.DEMOCRATIC SENTIMENT.—Tne most advauced ele- ment in the Democracy could boast of no higher senti- ment than indifference to Slavery, and they thought they reached a sublime hight when thej declared they were indifferent as to whether it was voted up or voted down. This indifference is'a virtual recognition of the right of Slavery to uoiversal extension.POPULAR SOVEREIGNTY.—If a house was on'tire there could be but two parties. One for putting it o'ot; the other for letter it burn. The '• Popular Sov- ereigns," however, would argue against interference, and leave the house subject to the conditions of fire and wood.THE ISOTHERMAL LINE.—Stnator Douglas has said that Gcd drew a lino between Free-labor Territory and Siave-labor Territory. Ir. is a pity; that such an inipojtant line, originating with Divinity (according to Mr. Douglas), should not be more palpable. Perhaps it might exist in the Missouri River.would prefer Mr. Breckinridge to any of the candi- dates. But the General is an honorable man, and whatever he pledges himself to do, he will do; but in the absence of pledges, what then ? I faucy somebody will Btand an even cnance to get cheated out of one of the Electoral votes of this State, should this ticket suc- ceed in being elected. A. B. KINGSLAND.K«ti*viUe, Aug. 29,1860.•—• /ROBERT C. SCHENK ON LINCOLN.. Mr. Schenck, in his remarks at Stuyvesaut Institute, obeo-ved, that in the advertisement that he was to ap- pear at this meeting, he was described as having been an Old-Line Whig, a conservative, and one who " sup-growth of the rarty on the east side of the Ward, where last year it was cquiva out to a broken head to be known as or called a 4< Black Republican."T o GIKTKD P A THIOTS.—Speakers who will "'volun- teer to nerve their country between now and election will plea>e uddrens the Committee of the Central Campaign Club, No. 722: Broadway.S. L. MACOMBER,)A. C. HILLS,, \ Committee, THOMAS OAIIVIN,)LUTHER R. MARSH, esq., of this cky, and G. E. WHOHTON of Virginia will speak at the Central Cam- paign Club Rooms, No. 722 Broadway, this evening.9gloves, thin boots,and white cravftw^jg most alarming.1 should not be surprised to see a new principle of full morning. The absence of a special sapper, the only world) " homes and land too, now in thialife," and," in the world to come, eternal life" is insured to t&eni; and umbrellas. Extremes sometime* meet quite «$ whatever vulgarity may be lying perdu in a crowd, because the life which Shakers, or true Christians, liveupen earth, they can continue to live in the spirit world eternally, while Bayard Taylor's J' Christians" will there have to change, and cease marrying andIt certainly oould not be more absurd or monstrous continually supplied from tables which completely en- being given in marriage—turn Shakers. H thethan the spectacle offered this morning by a parcel of circled the hall. Wines gushed from marble fountains, "pureet life" is that of married person*, -Jesus and his twblveApostles did quite wrong m making "eunuchs"iroquois Indians, who, on a race-course situated upon and milder beverages flowed from heated reservoirs. of themselves " for tne Kingdom of Heaven's sake;"the city's border, did writhe and yeli-and distort them- It was droll to see champagne on tap, but no parsons for these founders of Christianity, aud all converts fromselves, and grovel and counterfeit lunacy in a hundred except the most conservative epicureans were seriously Judaism, did not marry, except in those isolated cases'different ways, all for the entertainment of his Rjyul disturbed by this anomaly. Of every needed grace where individuals "waxed wanton against Christ, and " married, having damnation" (which, in charity I willJiigbneet, who, with the Duke of Newcastle and tne and charm there was profusion. A luxury of liberal soften down to condemnation), " because they had costrest of his suite, stood in plain, clothes (as feeling and good cheer prevailed.if uniform were not to be introduced intosach a scene) and snrveyed the " sports"1—I think that It was very unhandsome of the weather to destroy was the term—with a silent wonder which ovary civil- a part of the enjoyment. Had it withheld its maliceized spectator shared. There were about forty Indians for awhile, the outer galleries would have been alive with rambles, and the gardens would have had a music" off their first faith," which was (of course) to live a Shaker life. This kind of Christians held no human" ports Lincoln,-considering that to be the only course . —Judge Douglas has abandoned the slang name.of the l< left open to oimself and those occupying a similar " Little Giant" for another, which he, doubtless, con-"position." " Now that notice," said Mr. Schenck, siders more appropriate. At Petersburg, Va., he desig- that form of announcing my preference for the Re- nated himself as the " Little Sucker."1reach agtmst the^r neighbor."m the field, all painted and polished according to the of their own beside the rippling or the lake. But three or four of the female members of the Society>—There was a large Republican rally aud pole-rais-established aboriginal taste. Some had- feathers in (and these aged) out of the thousands that om«their heads and some had furs around their waists, andeven as it was, the splendor of tae ball was supreme. pone the Shaker order, Bayard Taylor Its memory will long be sweet to the elated citizens, has jumptd ut the conclusion thatSkaneateles, N. Y. President, Dr. M, D. Benedict.—On the evening of Friday, the 24th inat., a Re- publican mass meeting was* held at Newburgh, In-it with less pat) iotic ecstasy, perhaps, but certainly notOLD JOHN BROWN.—The atteaapt to identify the Republican party with insurrectionary movements waslike Horace Greeley, with a paper like T H E TRIBUNE, has not attained to his present position without under- standing this. Ev$n Jesus, was the victim of it, and he said to his followers: {*Blessed are ye when men shall revile you, and say all manner of evil of you falsely." &c. Bayard has lost many friends, who have followed him in. his travels through the world, by his unfeeling and wanton attack upon a whole orderus turn to the latter city and glance at the' preparations on foot for the proper reception of the anticipated guest.NORTH-EASTERN NEW-YORK. '.A private letter from Crown Point, N. Y., says:" A n enthusiastic and largely-attended Republicanmeeting was held yesterday, the 23d, at Irondale, in the Western part of this town. True, if- was only one of a series of similar demonstrations which are being held throughout this county; but as I happened to be present on tiiis occasion, I make note of it, more par- ticularly as I then and there heard the first speech Iup Having seen some<<publican candidate for the Presidency, was doubtless" well intended, by whomsoever it ^as written, but ing in Cicero, N. Y., on the 25th."itiB a phraeeology liable to misconstruction. It•' might be nnderstood to m*an"that I accept our can- —A company of Wide-Awakes has been formed at" Mr. Lincoln was also visited by large numbers of the, (Pro-Slavery Dem.,) alluded to him as follows:—tbe friend of Kansas and the Union, an«or him our iatch- stnngs will be always .out. Full of jpratitude for nervices ren- dered, of admiration for bis hcioic qualities, we bid 'Honest Abe' a kind and heartfelt farewell" ,•„...but few above the latter. With this singular people;religion is the baris of all their happiness; sothat religious meetings partake largely of the characterofsocialgatherings, and their social gatherings serve but to bring from other States to assist them. Old Abe will be lucky if heout, and more prominently exhibit the distinguishing succeeds in doing for the Republicans of Kansas what he was visit to this great battle-ground. The motives which of that party, by Democrats, bv those who have over features of tbeir religious system. And, while the ob- unable to do for himself in Illinois—boat the Democracy." prompted hib coming were akin to those which gave us claimed to be peculiarly the friends of the working- server would perceive in the latter nothing approach- • On the appearance of the. above Tlie Leavenworth Lafayette in the War of Independence. There are but man ! How far must they have forgotten themselves ing to levity or frivolity, so in the former would he Times, edited by Champion V aaghan, offered " to go a few statesmen who could have been forced to do the how far yielded to the influences of that ecom/al tone miss that heavy, sqmber, sanctimonious feeling, verg- beaver " on a Republican majority of 3,000 m Kansas. work in which Abraham Lincoln volunteered. In dead which has been, taught them by their Southern school- ing upon melancholy and gloom, which by so many is The Gazette wisely declined the proposal, and the re-, of Winter he left the comforts of an attractive home to ing, when they would thus disparage and sneer at ma mistaken for the very essence of piety; and in place suit exceeded The Times' estimate. ' couple his energies with those of a young people in a honest labor and struggles of a poor young man ! Myhe met the farmers and mechanics of Kansas, and they Crisis. • • . / • . "returned for it the homage of • interest, affection, and confidence.in motto and device. Altogether, the building, the of the Prince's party, where, with a rather coarse dis- and of whom he was so utterly uninformsd. A man There was in it a peculiar significance. Though we who is going to put his words before a million of read have received many dieunguished guests, we have hadvast crowd inside and out, the speeches and enthus- play of curiosity, great numbers swarmed together, ers ought to Know for certainty whether he.is speaking 'nothing that approximated to that ovation. It came so iasm, have never been surpassed here. This Wig- impeding the movements of the dancers and evidently truth or falsehood. A tiemendous amount of respon- naturally—was so spontaneous and heartfelt—the en-wam had its great exemplar at Chicago, and wdl giving, much annoyance to those whom they so re- sibility adheres to him. The whole company of thusiasm over him and about him was so earnest—the leave its mark here as that did then'. Such is the J Shakers present who had read the discourteous re- regard for him so universal and penetrating, that wewide-spread enthusiasm that our opponents seem I morselv scrutinized. Everywhere else the space was had rather to restrain than excite. The people recog-ample. The lights were abundant; and excellently. marks herein referred to, felt aggrieved, hot on their nized in him an honest ^man—one who had iougnt a •tteriy discouraged and obscured. own account merely, out on account of the~ good fight, and who was in it and.for it for life. What I cannot by wprds convey to you an impression of arranged in three circles, extending quite arouna fhe great number who would thereby be untruth- wonder then that Mr.- Lincoln regards his visit totheintensefee^gcreatedwherever THE TRIBUNE pavilion. Thefloorhadbeen delicately touchedwith fully impressed, and whose minds would Leavenworthas'oneof the happiesteventsinhislife, > j ? read. %y fjie masterly and crusiiirig exposure you a pink tint, which softened the blaze and aided the be poisoned with prejudice ". to their own hart." The or that the recollection of that-event is, to us, a memo-try thousands of torches. They filed into the Wig- wam, and took places with military precision. The building is a cheap affair, got up quickly, but a hex-that he himself was .not present to hear the criticisms and witness the effect it produced upon many minds,- male and female, quite as sensitive ana polished, if not as traveled, as his own, in which case, I think, he" sExtract from a private letter dated"The Hon. Abe. Lincoln of 111., passed through this city yes- terday, on his way to. Kanses. x * '•*' * The ite- pubiicans mutt be badly frightened when they send for big gunslife, " A splitter of rails 1 a flat-boatman ! a common " laborer in his youth and early manhood ! How can ". it be possible that he should be ever fit for the Presi-His short stay in Kansas has been full ol significance. Ho lias met a reception that would be extended to bat few La the nation, and he haa sown seed that cannot bat be productive of great good. W e part from him reluctantly, and bat echo the venti- ment of our people when we bespeak for him a long life and the honors beritting such a gallant captain in the army of Freedo a. Abe Lincoln came to us no stranger, but his counsel and iiisple who desire, to see the Government wrested from the grasp of corruption, and restored to its ancient purity and simplicity.Such is a comprehensive outline of Mr. Lincolu's " dency 1 " Strange question this to be asked by meni"DETROIT, Mich.,Ang.25,1860." I have been traveling for a month in Ohio, In- diana, Illinois and Michigan, and have everywhere found our Republican friends animated with the confi- dent expectation of a signal victory in November. I attended the great Convention -at Springfield, and the still more surprisingturn out-atMattoon.onthe bordersOf Egypt. The enthusiasm at both places was un-' bounaed,and our friends believe Illinois safe not only, but certain for a majority of at least 10,000. Indiana is doing nobly, and though the Democrats are united on Hendricks for Governor, it is believed Lane will be electedinOctober,andthatthemajorityforLincolnin November will be immense, as there is no prospect of a union of the Douglas and Breckinridge forces. Inman in America? Friends, fellow-citizens, free- men, should we not rather glorify aud rejoice in the in- stitutions under whoee fostering influences, in a fair field of endeavor, erery youth and every man in the land may hope thus to rise and advance, no matter how obscure his st* rting point ? Let them sneer. * There -is inthissimplehistoryol Abraham Lincoln, something which touches achord in every true and noble heart, that will vibrate and be felt throughout the whole ex- tent of this broad, free land. Alas, my fellow-citi- zens! alas for the Democratic party! mavnot this abandonment of all their old honest sympathies writ struggling poverty and labor, be but another indication of their humbling submission to Southern masters who have taught them to consider, that the laboring clauses can never properly become, or be trusted as the govern* ing classes of our country 7 Yes; Senator Hammond of South Carolina maydare,fromhis high place at Washington, to stigmatize the " whose class of manual laborers and operatives as slaves," " white slaves," ''mud-sills of society;" but I tell him{ I tell all theLOCAL REPUBLICAN MEETINGS.The Fifth Assembly District Lincoln aod Hamlin Campaign Club held its usual weekly meeting at their Headquarters, Metropolitan Hall, No. 178 Prince street, lunt champion of Freedom a reception befiting hi* great talents,' ever listened to in Essex County. It was delivered by on Tuesday evening last,. and was largely attended.by a band of rowtliee, prominent among whom, ao- T<-day the feefivities advance. The'Prince ia to ity. I would also refer him to Gov. Hill's (of N. H.) indorses John Brown. If there is one, I advise him to " hope and my desire were publicly so expressed—I do oording to The Evansvilie Daily Journal^ ware a for-feces vers hideously painted, with great red stripesacros* ihe nose and cceeks, or with bl*ck blot;h«e tboot the Lacbine rapids in a canoe, and to atteud in investigations ujK>n this subject, who, taking the step out of our ranks and correct his pjlitics. But" uot hesitate, I say, to declare, that, considering the" timet the ooearion, the cause', the man himeeliV his mer representative to the Legislature, and the Presi-ar«Bad the mouth, or, sometimes, with brigh% varie- coiorsy which made them appear as if standing infi .,, IHMthe cvtnJog a musical entertainment, of which the oest Shaker buryiug-grounds as his data, proved that the Slavery is responsible for John Brown, and servile Shakers were the lmgest-lived people in America; aid uphtavings.attraction is young Adelioa Patti, whose voice, a*, the the records of the various societies well sustain this/"locality, his antecedents, his sterling integrity, and dent of the County Agricultural Sockty—both of tbm AMALGAMA TION.—In political arguments the De- " his high qualiiieatioM, the nomination of Abraham leaders of the l>emocracy. Some shots Wert ftrW,,ty „.--.^.jfffwtHffrwrrz gwgggwjwi ^**»w»^.g'^v^*».^^.--.-...-'..-•-•—•-,•• .J" ' ^ • - ' • - "-" *-'-'"— \Mk---""-' •-'•'•-'www.fultonhistory.c---- --——omUntitled Document" reived opinion of mine, ior more than a year ago my diana. An infiuuous attempt to break it up was made Thomas M. Tryniski 309 South 4th Street Fulton New York 13069-:• 