t]lMi. ne.. .Hal'neT. Potter ft Co. 700 (ieyton ft Wsinwri't. 10.000brid)ieis becoming absolutely tctolei ableone of the candidates now before the electors for thpmm jouiPito Iqr Uyyateywwmentiy fte South-aieartat„high saow-fsansp far piles along the roue, C. M. Tbompaoa. Thomas B. Marsh.dddf^aiiU tptea,oecnpiedB«t it was a fall at theA. 1). cwfeiaas. The expeditions sent out during the late Sum- sists of small partlelas, real vapor-crystals, wUeh MIssS. W.Titee.8A> raasotsoo. Caleb Cameroa.n. leois. Dr. 8. PoUaek.: with tUfths keen, wind carries crack aad icy thnxigh everyAavAiBBINnumn.FHbl*«•Uason,lad-tobuyg«MfcrMmMKtoffte ITaitsdStalesis itttedtoMareryas"srArSv wU^imt- 'm4 Man- rt-nOM OANAVA.rasaoMAii. Amerlesnsreglib^— mmwmmtmt to the VwU and thatnal^of- at theof6 Flaoe de laBTcct •f •• Oeee—te* aiutua TTT BaveMr—Tka Fff—e* and now he islns IMv ^, TM<tsf B«lil»»r»BUUtarrOaapaayM tor,IFsito-tiM I>Me CkMfM IB a» G«T«n«OAXia4^iwas only a aof Bourse,SaaasBRB, Kabs Paris iSSW'if^oiiiI»C.I•bNaples to orisgainst Venetla^land his the guns afin^A.W. OriL,Mr. and Hi*.Frank HoAiaaa'akd 0. C. Bunap.*•.but fin kvgtctilt^ . t)t4 oai#t«ir ««*.^IliBe^Df^uSS^k and dukWer, ;-'.^^ttsMLraiA. Wm. D t«wl«.T. P. Woodward. A.A.Mo9Si.saw-EAvxB. C. W. Bradley.Fna 0«T OwB OMTMpomdaat.Paui, Hoadar, Dec. 1, 1860.TkeiMgespMeoooapM4iitlMAmericaaOabibaldi aad Ttfim Ei^va« -attiA (A.'ttf^ trians ba Tenetia. Aiiitw nights ago a new piece by DcMAS was brought oat at the Ambigu Com-world.yon wowsev'-aaost^iMteiMaar^M ,p.T.Brldge.V.,t half mile or to, aad would ceass to ^kUe Poniest. ft; the Oraad Tmalt George Breidshaw.that a dispatch from London an- bwhIhI tha^.CanaeU lud, depreciated on thehesniaDodiMai oa the prisoner, with the crowd of boys, rsirni i««. ih^mMJ^^QietcCnW,;werejoin in singing the Doxology. After the meellac was chaaged bo$^h sides; wltiiesseadeavoredtoosseparamMMIkt^7ii|ipi«|t.U# disagreeflkwere lewived, and tlie FraMck funds fisll evenlii<i|ili'l>a'lldWie«fiBki^Iaod. But,then,fliereis Mvw.ivM!'* 4)>f{«s4on so tlie French than onoC Sir LxoroLB MoCumeoK. left Baglaad for the pur-find aake feaoes or small bushes no obstaele what-and said, with much emphasis, that his pulpit halbeen desecratedtheExchange, even from the same causes.beatlr.gabMit the head, and leoelvsaa entoaUsMt'«f tk» American secsiasp exdtenent,he therefore diselhied to close the£li|^i^:9J$»^i^epgidi jMnud* thus tu have teken noiwrtoet <fc»'«fceMd "story that the BmparorlfA- lOt-BOBliadbeenaipproach«donthesubjectofdis-JUy for the Faroe Ulands, taking soundiags shoutout breaking, of wliiok we read auoh thrllllag descrlp. buElsess firms in (Aicago and PMladelphiaof aboni«n»<France and ttn Soatton ports of Ameridl. WliOa Jbs Fjeoch JEmp^ror is anxious to extend the t^araetciai telatiooa of Us people, and to(T"j T^"* dinct cownercialthat thedissolution of the present Legislative Corps and the order for a new election.26th of Octot)er, experiencing on her homeward voy- hi- mind wtaS made up as to howHe then west on to speak of tbe charges male by;police system,justifiedlakmganysteps ~.tieyrelations betweenaooordtagtiaif a doxen or more of them—aretheir lite aamaof Us own dragging father.for (hem all the advantages possible in thewi^Wttadei sis-is (be dutr of'SwAry Chief of State, Axraxa S. Obat, CommaDder, from Havre aad Soalh-the whole affray occvfdMakoateigbt or tea wilaitr*: tip, now down ly escaped a sudden death a few nlghte since. He alter the fitstfigbt prisoner was in the boat sSstlgainhe is too shrewd a dipkMiatist to meddle in theThe United States mailsteamship AlUntic,nowUks mad in their of queer jargonvisit of the English Volunteers toParis, it seems, has stimulated a Baltimore Com- WlsAxs&Meday.... 1.360 Honniogi ft Gosliag. 4,TSSa steamer, to ^uch being pauulc.whtel unadapiedijsvigatioB, did not pass through the dnft Ice so as to land oxkthe east coa>tuf Greenland, so long consid-"com- stare. Quebechassome$l.auO,OUOinthetreasury,or, areconciliationhastakenproposedH-«>'d &AsplBWaII. 6,00»H. A. JohDMnftCo. IJtSand crowd went witaem saw that Tlifi1,000 Teapoodoicehas taiwn place with ttie French Oov- Co 2,4110paay^to undertake tbe same excursion, and a cor- enaasBtjonthesubjectWhilewetyouldnot SamuelColtthis excursion, nor doubt that the Battalion would show to great advantage even..representationtlie bridge tbe principalingwith wltaess sawaaUartha mmimabsolutely oppose]V\Ua Military country, there is yet something in L. Von Bolte'B k Co. 10,000IWh,August,the idea of the visit which we could not approve, andwhich will unavoidably bring with it disagree-for poUte attentions.axes, let them come along.Judgment will probably be rendered to-morrow iathe Jones Extradition case, now occupying the atten-tion ol the of the Court of "To- Judget Queen's Bench,ronlo. JoBis, you will remember. Is a fugitive slave, who k'lled a man Ihat tiled to prevent his escape. afid made Ids way Into Canada. The United States askA TISIT TO aut. LINCOLN.The PresUeat Eleet la His OBee—Caaversa- tloB •> PaUle ATalra-Hia TIewa oa Sa-hand, and her life was saved.—pre- senting him with an elegant album, as a token of theirregard.prisoaar tor a year, and had worked In the same alsie wlftable tilings.Such visits are totally unknown inTkoAN ABOCMENT FOB PBACI.From tJu London TtmeSt Dec. i.Europe, and no matter how well the Battalion maylook, people win naturally ask why they camehere, and the answer cannot but be offending toAmerican pride. If they come they will be re- endeavor to understand the present crisis In thevery regular,—the Chief Justiceship of the Supreme Court of Ver-Several witnesses then testified to iha pdsoasM good character, and tbe sammlngup was resarvad fsr to-day, tbe jury having been charged oa separattoaceHM with tolerant courtesy and a good deal of ctiHDsity, but not with a frank enthnslism ; andUnion, the ttdsg that strikes us Is that nothing what- ever has occurred thus far, except tluU tie Southern Btatetka* nttcarritd the Prttidtruial election. Tnere Is no reason why Mr. Liboolh, were he of ever such strong opinions aad ever so strong a party, should not fbUow the example of all his predecessors, and set about winning the &vor of all sides by a quiet and—Ahas been presented to ths Tennessee Historical So- ciety by Mrs. Polk.—Capt. Charles T. Piatt, of the United StatesNavy, died in Newburgh oa Dec. 13. He iras AS years—^The Detroit Trihxme sayscliargedstated that the medical taatimooy ta the aaae left a great deal of dnuM whether tbe death of tke latet might not have been the resolt of accidentth!B,'we an sure, will not satisfy the high-minded iuAa' who will make up the excursion. The Eng- lish stait has been indeSnitely postponed, and will piehebly never take place. The thing is too gravewfeie the AilUog anchored,inJuUanshaab, on the«tofiovoke criticisms such ss the well-intentioned diieetoraof the project could illy afford to hear.Mrs. Burch is—Simen Kats.For homicide—William Dtmnigan..iaoovation in the relations of great States not Conservative Administration. We look in vain through all the letters and leading articles before us for a hint at any one dangerous or offensive step that be would take if he could, or could take if tie would. made a visit to the Bourse of Paris. On Wed- There is simply a great disappointment, and an ex- juMi asperating sense of defeat. In South Carolina, and nesday,Mr.CoBBsaandhisco-economist,Mr. tuh....,uidGeorgia,anappealistobemadein eight days. After a corsorr examination otsome of tile deep fiords which run Inland for a con-•IdersDle dls ance—several of which were deemedadmhably adapted for Ihe reception of the cable—the Bulldog left JuUanshaab. on her return to laeland,on the 3d of October, and suHered some Injury toher paddle floats and cutwater from the floe Ice,which prevailed at the entrance of the fiord In at 9 o'clock on Friday night, we were In Sprlngfleld largerqnaniitythanhadbeenknownfornearlythirty soonafter yesterdayniomlng. Awash,agoodFor Arsonsuch a change will throw them oflaremay think taking,operate wlih the bulldog In the s mndlng and generaljustbegun to grow, aud where there Is still a strong Pro- to was atcome a candidate, and the Government will favorhis election. This will look like a return to the er by the election of Mr. LiaooLS, ih 'V may be met byland.The results of the cruise areBefbraEUutie Ftbrietof the monarchy.The coLfusion in the various Departments ina suitable policy, they will not be mlugated or deter- red by dlsunicn, and they afford no excuse for aay at- tempt In that direction.;corner,nnriiamentary days;have been made can be only com- to s general moving-day. The EmperorBut, untortunately, it Is no answer to a question to say that It Is only one of feeling, and will fall to the ground wben angry pa8»ioDB have subsided. Theter fuiiher In'ormatlon and furtherpiisooer question Sweeneyweeks; had tantalized thewbiph changesuf the affairs for someparedalong only prevailsgress Havingms haiKl on his heart and1 have got such a pain here ;" this was done as ahimtJf was to obligedminglein the discussions,which now divide the United States Into an- be leasoned away, and they have an irresistible bear-realitydifficultythenChicago. 1 he Inquiry was then made whether he ex- girlsMajestyseeing best bow to stow away the new Ministers ing on the piacUce uf Slaveryperfectlyshop.TuthiU, tbe next witness, a resident physician atthat the injunction prayed for In the bill might issue, aadCW8XI was moved into the Louvre,moved to the magnificent palace, for a palace it Is,question as to which route be would take to the East,he said he had not thought on the subject. I venturedto recommend the route by Pittsburgh and i'hUa'lel- been driven about half an inch into the Draintheapartments vacated by H. FouLD. The latter has laay be met with reason. As the Southera Sutesed on point within some hundred of miles with- any; to behe built two yearsM. MaOHI, MinUtre Oratetir, late Minister of theChamps Elysies and the Avenue Gabriel, now oc-—TH£ WKST CON- COOD NEWS FOR THE fclABVINO;the post mortem ex-IKIAI, tXBlC. gUFIBIOR COCBT—,.spreo't over this country irm slaveof the Supremeand the telegram of the same tlmes 1 think of the w dowa that wUl soon be then stood on tbe corner talking with his crowd, in- fillT-oDV of thbeut remsaodleutinoon reply. Theronoon. aAeron of Admiral Vckbcel—the West, (or want of sacks in which to trans-;he was In the habit of corner where the affair occurred every night»"?«;'"possession k'T!"sJf^tJe^rm''i^nS» MoKMT, his half brother, is anatural"son ofand was a printer(he Count exfor the4U, who is alanguage, sayautare, and have had it broughtdoorway he saw the de-^eCle^rk ofth^s Court U learn whetheragoin theFaubourgSt. Honore.Other visitors coming in we rose and left, Ur. Lis- TEiaCTES THIRTY TUOCSAND lUTSHXLg OF COKN coLs cordially shaking each of our party by the hani,FLABAtiLT,stationeryoccupyingatient died en tne 27ih October, from InllaminatiOQ ofthe brain caused by this woundamination confirmed this as the cause of death.the house on magnificentPEOSfrl ACtlUN OfTUB liEW-TOEK COHMITTEE.The fact that Illinois and her noble sister Statesa> d eipies.'^lni the pleasure he faid had in u<. seeingTbe visit was long enough to satisfy me of the souni- ness, the honesty and the patriotism of the President elect : of Lis deierminatlon to govern as tbe PresidentImmediately after opening the Court, yesterday morning. Judge Moxcuir gave an elaborate historyis tothe Place de la Concorde, corner of the Rue desTreasury,occupywar. TheliMtla,IKWASthinksheIftetated— UstentitleS"LaDamedewhich proved an immense success, and which willHe Is here for some- linow In their col- thing more fanportant I With all his vanity, Do-avs lyiqae Theatre,ern States hms aronMd tlis French iounuls from run at least a hundred nights ; but DcM ts has notMetkair geneiv iiiatli7 on Anwrieair a&in, and a yet been to see tlie piecerabjeetttit Mset eeiuiliTe at political barome-moters ol the Nortb Atlantic Telegraph, for Ihe pur-' pose ofexamUihig Into the piaeUcabUlty of the pro- posed aobeme for carrylag a luie of telegraph froiaetanay, ever so alonte, aad leaves la delicate wreaths wherever a oomer makes aa alreddy. Almost evary day—certainty evarr week—we have more or less'L. 8. Lowrev.O. C. Bleur and ladles.—There wet* no ftuOer ailiiiiaan Uk ttin niaMii.manmthelate eventsmand ia Wankeegaa, Wis., had adefaaca^^^ Utury Ltndman, tlw intwltaamlaOutbehalf la^ofkIfftkitltBtieTlt« tB4S>Ui Pnn onimciHeaaAffaln.ttonsinbooksofArcttetravel,whiletitehardyore'weetII ;rt-tM^ --PrutitiMl^to tbe findlng^sonndlagsfathoms with a favorable bottom—a(be laying of almost any kind of' cable would be awere experienced, the average depth being under 3iMlaslaaess,fovgwlI «u6edtliebtocMt fitnir MarrtrkUeUwampton on tlw evening of the Sth last, arrived atingbeing mostly aad English,Duncan xbemaaft Co t\X»t»Scoresby representacross the river here, for this isolation tobyMr. tbepiappearedIsSoBlter & Wierumol this division in Parliament makes July last, by— Prett whichon ills lelt aim was a doae cut, apparentlyWskenuD, Dimjn k A.^.FraterkCo..—The;a sharp instrumentChr. ThomrsoD K«MleikCo Frederic SpringF. h. Biann* & Co.From this date, the Julypayamount,Buchanan and Mr. Forney.—Mrs. Miller, of Vermillion, Ohio, took afight;aay,S,ooa|Iaiongto the Igth ofSir liXOPOLD M'CUMTOCX was unable to proceed with his souoologs In con*^uence of continued gales offiords, and prevented the Bulldog, on account of hor paddles. Itom approachlsg the coast. The Bulldog coasted soutnward to Cape Farewell, as far as the prevalence ol drift lee would permit. From that point, at some distance from tl:e lBnd,a line of sounllngs was carried to Hamilton Inlc, on the coast of Labrador. The between the two ixjluts wereplankin hisplatform."Philadelphiaought;1.4(10 Schacbar'tftGehb-d f«O,00* 10,000Knnckle.ft.Stiicker. s,OOS8.000:I.OOO lie Rhann ft Co IS.OOO B. Berend ft C«thatand that would go a long way toward brldghig the liver at Capeioujte, nine miles above the harbor. So, tf you have any shrewd engineers or contractors, withyoagM—We sre Indebted to Purser Bcllax, of the Atlantic,,Acitatianto Ameriea.and peace quiet.14I8S 1000 J. B. BnrgyftCo.... 8,>0«4.000_— $I13.SMdose of corrosive sublimate a few days since by mis- wind, which drove out the drift ice from the bays and an eye to ihe shari>ening of chisels or the grinding of take. VeiT fortunately medical aid was near atthen passed aloag aad saw ao mots.Henry Borckert next lestlAed that heisagneairclerkatStatenIsland hehadknowntae ;When, with difficulty, and against the grain, wedepUistlie greatest being 2.032 fathoms, 400 fdtaoms less ills surrender, as a murderer, under the AshburtonJudge Bedfield,whorecently retired from the not te converse with any one conccSalng thspapeisthe siuaimissMr. Li>coLif ^houlU uut prove as harmless a mouse aslife eral starfish weiewitness;garFoi Forgery—Varone, Edward WellLaxtoa,This has to be accounted for. Were theBut none of these measures were decreed, and of thete men at all reasonbble, or even decent, we stances c< mpletely prevented her soimdisgoperations.insay. Lot a w urd Is said about aoy such real ddoger.that a successor be charged with the burden.In regard to the late decree on the LegislativeChaml>ers there is a slight reaction in public any feelings on the subject beyond tiiose which are Allsn manded by Capt,a ran out, meal-chopperaad downwas now submitted on the wiliten points of counsel, aad de-The we are slaves,aie not are not exclU-d, theyseizinglocking upwhether or not s mandamus should Issue,told,contplriiig, they are nut armed, they aie not In a coa-pre-isethe street he then went ;upto aud Kdvanagh,sity of more room for them;but th&se dlmculjes are; it now had awitness was seventeen of yearsvery remote, they are not aggravated or brought near-long;age;tighten the grasp of the slaveowner, on the one handfor Washington.** 1 think not," was his reply ;hospital he was uncon- f clous; tie afterwards regained his sacses; be hadand, on the other, to provokethe fanaucism the aiida license oadarabecause I exi^ect will drive me insane aiid a half long ; through tuts wound could be felt a issue. The defendants In tne above case have de-for two and hare years,pal opponents of the rights claimed under the Good- year patents.DUi>isgenuity of the AboUilonlht The Southern States seeand accordingly an injunction was entered toscrapulous effortsetherized,States Of eatbss personal appreheuslon aad defiance.removedIt is vain to dispute the danger, but at least itlout materially liicreasing the engthof the circuit.foimdwounded, bypiece of bone vrhlch badeendniy would not mend matters by a separaUon, and as tlie Nostbem States can do nothing, and have done nothing, t* mitigate the evils for which theyso miadi abborraoee, all that can be dose is u> take a moderate and rational view of the subject. To both the Noitbera and Southern States we beg to sug- gest whtt has happened in this eouatry. A few years ago all England went er)lng mad over a storr whichThe Kansas Famine.phia, but he said there would be time enough to de- cide when he was ready te depart.piofeSB—TBK CORK 10 ns HOVID—The Court here desired to compliment the witnesson the fact that he had concluded his entire testim inywithout the u.«e of a single term that was not Intelli-gible to common people. It was the first instance of of all the steps in the dispute between the Superior such a phenomenon that had ever come wlthia his and Supreme Court Judges, for the use of the GeneralTotal:Sir Liopi-Lh McC'Li5Tocx carried his line of soundings the South a^insl the North, rema'^klog that they—in the TiHKS of October 19. It will be remembered that the relator, as Sheriff, claims th<U there Is aa amcuntdue biiq for service of process lathe "liquorMoasorean,"polldoo—languageveiy hfavy gaies, which retarded and in some in-ear wiih his listand followedTbey live on aThe rel. People exJohn Keiltf vs. Robert T.they must teod to" I sl.ali have a good deal to do here between this and the middle of February, when I expect to start for Wash- lu»;ton. I don't want to go before the middle of Feb-:He yttp-ggtn dweg, t^mcirttt.!MAS is, after all, a most extraordinary man, a manof real geohis, and h is quite probable that next to mer letpeeliveiy by the Goveroment and the pro-Oaubaxsi he has been the most active and use-MAaron.T«l(grtpk midway,the readily in iHIITke Great Ailaatle Talesrapk.Compaayownedsome JosephA.BcM. thirty saow-plowi aaumg its lolttac stock. There Charles C. Thompson.srcoEsarcLxxraniTioHortbbFOX TO X8TABU8H A TBLBOBATB BOUTS BB-TWIBH naoPB ARD AUBSRA—IXPOKTABI but they are often laeAMtaal ts piereat the secsmi- 0. L. Sharpsteen.eUlUTIFlO DDCOTBBIIS.Fiom the London Timet, Dec. i.laUoBof aaaw apsn the track. Saow Imi» Is notfleecy. It sekiom falls ia great flakes, but It con- A. H. Hileman and lady. D. H. Humphrey.mti^-l^kli fim directed attention that way, fortlModhailMUB etaA of titree years ago, which Madame GCotei Sajid, who is still feeble from Etwope te America vii Faroe, Iceland and Oreenlaod, snow fall, and as It never thaws (excepting for Uiree Piesbyterian elergyiaea,•laite^ ]> Amvica, ia not forgotten. The mo- her late attack of typhoid fever, is about to leave have at length returned, having suocetsfuUy aooom- days In Jaantiy) uattl ths Wlater breaks up—ralnitar slight disagretmeat a isw days siaoe. Mr. Ferree htehe prisomnetrhe st'o^re"^fillttBe»tbSt tae Uses atItaly.«MMwSTl#BSiSa»& be hw k«Ma araeeniSi^ «n smn-'for Hyena, te As Mediterranean, to spend the (dished their arduous mUsion. It will ba rsoembeied setts Ajrniis—It comes to be msay feet deep advantageLittle's pulpit, to deliver a violent Anti-Slavery;the wttaeises whtThidbar- quiet t^y Whiter, and to regain her strength. MALAKorr. that Her Majesty's ship Buildag, under the ooaimaad before Spring, aad parties out snow shoelag ai.gne. AKsr he Imd eoncluded Mr. LltUe arosesonvenirs of 1857 INTERESTING FROM EUROPE. vaitoos stations on the rente. The proposed;imru w Tu ATiiUtic MOta SracXB BSCEIVEO,been driftedopor down stream for a mile or la two,wlrta Mr. Ferreeoyerewdingaroaadhimaadshak-.packs,floes, aad flelds, and siaalling —ever. Well, wben yoa had left tbe rail,/tomtit earrful extimination have proved altogether tell yon, aad so can lots of other people who have dismissed tie congregation displayed thstr sympatarpose;have to oross the river, aad a aloe job that Is, I oaa meeilBg with prayer, and Invited tae oongragatlon to soreta«y to~flgtaUag, aad Mows wenolexamining the depths sflfae sea between Umyouwouldwhere, was 6bu fathoms, bntcharts,depthinwhick crafi with its pieotous burden upon and aeross oneThe Bulldog, after vi-itlng sev-;side into tke blaek stream agalataapaliUig it throngkedwith about tl ODDto the firm.Sterling, Canada, narrow-depthlaimchiag it with a hish on the otherscoundrels sailed Ihdaysslnee. On tbesameday P. D. tplear. a book-ke^l fr in tbe employ of A. E. Kent k Co., abaeood-UD from the flootr thie seised a ikarpenlngsteda paildepthsmtrtfayoralilefarIkelayingofmcablethanthoseonu>kieh theformer American cmhle wot tuccettJuUy tubmerged, the UKUer being ¥lt fatkomt lettinittdsepeitparts. *The BMdog left the north of Scotland on the 1st of Ing, shoving," breaking, or craafaiag together with- disappeared in compaay, each havlag defiaodedmatter of certainty.eral places among the wild and beautiful inlands ofIhe Faroe group, sounded across to Ingolshofdl, laIceland, in thlb section of the route no difficultlet sitesm, to And ssttatt or bey la another floe swear-,tnere were seven or oa Uie ateight prlaoaar saea;this pott yesterday morning. She experienced strongof a State whose affairs interest him so little. westerly gales, with heavy sea during nearly the cliaracier. Sir i«oFOi.sll'CuaTocx*ubse4ueBtlv vis- aad lift the canoe between then out of water. cotstun him, so ttiat ha had aa opportooity to defiend they had no builiiaM hi—iaUMRe'albta'o< • foreign State, andespeciallriaUicms,an<itheDutt4'm ofaiarorab.eastwo packscloseInupon themaolub. ThetrstolowarousedMr.Buchan, aad oldchoeen fcr an alliance with the proposed Souihemin Ihe toils glory, and, after all. very litUe peril, with the consequent pleas-by the buiuiog tu be deeper than untbe Iceland and ing sense of oanger overcome. These <»aoes are Jefl°ersoa County, Ky., where he was teaching, be- lived at Sialcn Island ;Faroe section uf the ruuie, but still tne greatest depth the oiUy means by which the river can be crossed cause he voted for Lincoln and Hamlin. store he first went to and afitSrwardConfedetacj principle,liecause he represents thenavigationJohn E. Kimball, of Oxford, Mass., and a grad-for thedifficultydid,taklog his clotheswith him;despotic and might be supposed to sympathize with the same principle wherever found. But the leaders of the movement could not have observedlater—aad from them we obtain some tion.land, across what IsThe AtUmtie brings SJ passengers, aboatin English, French and Americaa gold coin and kars, the history of Ia>ci8 Napoleos closely, or they a large qnactity of « aictaes and jewelry, and over 800would have discovered that he carries oiUy liberty tons of trsLch merobaudlM.The Atltntij'M Speoie-Ust Is diairlbuted as (bllows:abMtkdandkeepsdespotismforhomeconsump- AngustBelmont—cheated by tne failure of the Jerome Clock Compaay.from thewhy fathoms, which had became entangled with the lower maintained. I'Ue greatest Inconvenience will aris<!There Is no reason brought upof1,2$0Josephsome anticipating a decree liberating the Press,others an amnesty for the Press, annulling the out-standing condemnations, others anticipated theabolition of the passport system, and still others a with approhcnsiOD. The mere vhiff af the ball has end of August. The Bulldog left Reikjavlk on the some length, legretting its difficulty, but adoing that and the deceased, at the ccrner of Cityof the everDibblrdhiswayIntogoodquarters butthefierf;spiritsf^nockta Ihirn auun, and they are screaming tfit/t rage an't It-ririr tnthrmt a hurt or a scrolrh.depthground.either of the measures mentioned above. We hear uiiLcr their very roofs, not in misery or in mure between it and the Vldal bank. The wind still con- lalrly and succesalully met. But tbey are so vague outdeceased then told wimess that he liad been hitirom the Ministry of the Interior that the questionof the abohtion of the passport system is under- These Slaves are ignoraijt and excitable. They hear,tinuing adverse,thecoalbeing nearlv exha'isted.sitting down, having been knocked downwere, when witness knocked him down to p eveatgoing examination;prisoner then grabbed a steel,lor sharpeutng Knives, anu made a plunge at deceased Thedegradation than is almost inseparable frocn labor, but;m the mouih;a liitle alter wi'ness saw me prisoner;ot thewhich had lain the bottom. from Ihe want ot federal courts; as wlih the uponpresentOctober last, at about fire o'clock In the he afternoon,Pedro James Jackson, Abraham Brice. Jefferson,line,ol the South are frantic wllh and fevered At Reihjavlk Inloiraation was obtained respecting the feeilng. judges, marshals,fortionsrage Fox, that she had left that port for Greenland at toe be obtained." On 'bis point Mr. Limools spoke atage a constant-succession of foul wind, with frequent come. His tonelanguageall are postponed till the first of January. shculo be disposed tu explain it thushopes volcano. We know nut how many millions of strong into tbe Rockail-bai.k. and on the Sth of November were so Indefinite that could not be regarded ai about tu sinke each other, when deceased entered and Hares Tbe particulars of this application were statedEven then there is no assurance that we shall have meh aie living among them, round their bouses, anu theyobtained bottom in 1,310 fathoms, about mid-chaonci, sound. If they were well defined they could becaught witness aiouud the arms, trying to pull mmthat cannot be mdntaliiedthey long hy reasooingmen even in the Souihern States. Afterwards befoster the detuslon that a great slave -emancipist has those conversant with nautical matters tnat in a suc- in iepi3ing to threats of secession from South- him from going theieWith luore work than they like, and obliged to do It.he thenup aud was runolug to the window where the knives cases," equal to tl 18 for each case, and that tiwreaiiO the of their masters is likely laj'guaeetomakingandSir F. L. McClistock was obliged to put into the portof Kiilybess, County oCDonegai.enough It is leally ^ matter of considerable astonishment tosp.purtued bycertainKepubllcaaare about 30.000 cases— tees about •40,000.the entire sum forbut we know that the Prefectsof Police oppose the measure, and we have diifi- been elected President, and now, if «ver, is the time cession of such V iolent gales, and a season of cold ern Stau s. by sayhig, " Let them secedewo doin believing that the administrators of justice to attempt self-dellveraace. On the other haod, their std ire so Sir F. L. MoClintocx not want tliem." 'This tone, he rem-irked, wjs and wlaessComptrollerrefused to the bills aspay theymasters are made by position despots, and accu>'tom- eniirely excepional. the prisoner on the head with it; wi'.ne^s and hiscaltya servile war—Uie most horrible tiiiog that can expeditionclass can be brought into so sudden and ed in word and in deed, if ft be and bis enterpiisU'g ofhcers should have prosecuted having a bad effect in some of the border States.to stroi-g measures, their arduous diiues with such success The e.-ieC'S'ly in MissourL where there was danger company,ofradical a change in their whole system. With the the fact that the Southern States are threatened wiia of the Foxmentioned above, then went across theeveryroutine and the complicated organization of theas cowimlpllentoe doubt Biemtieied. fit'ed out at the expense of the promotersco-thai it alienate some of the best friends of Btieet: ai about seven o'clock, witness was pas- liquor-dealers. He also urged that the Sheriff C3ald ml::litwas.happt-n to any nation—then the Southern States eft e unde' and was lutended not alone tosing the door again, wneie the prisoner was standingwitn the witness was the same crowd as before: ment, but must look for his costs to those who set Urn prL-cner ground his teeth at witness, who then used work.on tbe route, but ali>oupon and examine theand the South, {.ead bantering;cruise, like that of the Bu'tdog, was in Its attsndoned.tion of a new one is taken as an indication that we venture to say that In a fortnight the last negro main results entirely successful, though her There was no caution given in regard to keeping beie;;ivitness Identified the cleaver4he new measures are to be more limited in prac-tree. On the distant lionzoa,indeeo, there loom cer-operations were retarded, and In some measure pre- hl,iemarksprlvate, my professionalthose who satisfactory.to be most Col. Suirrsca's statements as to the ex-bis views of affairs in the South. He said haGoodyearCompanyto fixlocalities for the landing of the cables, as wellvantagetauntingas to explore and fix upon the overland route throughbe re-Republicanismthe track for years, and each Prefect will prefer ccctssary against a real danger. But, strtinge to sui vcy of the seas which intersect the various stations Siaveiy party to contend wlih, there can be no ad- abusive language him, which returned by pris- Such wss the substance of the Comptroller's returndldon to iree themselves, nor au they seem to have Iceland and Greenland. The expedidon was com- c'tce Uieui to alter their present tone towards the suuck him over the head with the cleavercisirm was reserved.The bill also includes fees for snm-noning jurors isSouth. He did not sav he hadopinion. The fact that the Emperor does not dis- natural to all men compelled to work hard for their MoCLisrocx in ihe celebrated voyage of the Fox snn 1 only gathered from his manner and language shipfound In arms would have been hung upon the nearest and as he knewment;A. Oakey Hall for relator ; mH. U. Anderson opposed.Itee than they appear on paper. In case a new tain difficultles.ailslnv from the increase ol slave pop- vented, by the almost unparalleled suc'-.es&ion of positioninbut giving their general tune with fidelity.The ladiaa-Raaher lajaactloa Caee. tJMTBD BTAIX8 CIBCUIT COCBT—DEC. 19, 1860.Yochoi,whoaccoLOpiniedproiui-edthis,alterwaids he was taken to thepilsL.ner then ran back to tbe store and put the cleaverthe Metropolitan Police cases—»1,696.Tlils proceeding Is to obtain only about $6,000 afbread. Tbeie is no prospect of a rislog. if theresolve the present Legislature and order the elec- were, the whole Union would join to put it down, and in search of the Franalln expedition, ller that he would prefer to see the bantering toue on a nail produced the sioss sum, and will settle the qaestiaD of Uabtlltyai.dwhich prevsiied |wlth but little I'ltermloslon DO violation of confidenceyet gaveelectioniseventuallyordered,JI.Theibswillbe- ulationintheSlaveStates,andtheronsequentneces- ?;raolmesthetimeofherdeparturetillherreturntoEng- briefsketchofhisremarks,omitting,ofcourse,many clear cut in front about an inch and auniversally accumpaided expeditionconsideredonly; and cake stand for his moth-ThetheIstebce ol deep long fiords, in which the w atcr wns so theybyp<essinKhad arrived at them after much study and thoughterwhere Ihe fight occurred, wltb his crowd, two or threedeep as to preclude ttie remo'est [.osslbility of a cable being irjured bv ice or icebergs is fully confirmed.about three1 be existence of drift leetbe South Coast U- inof events.daywithout a row. It seems not only dlfficnK to satis-fy Ministers in their functions and attributions, butdifficult to lodge them—for in this country Minis-ters lodge at the expense of the State. M. Wal- the negro. The very language of the Suuthern tude. the landing on the opposite shore can be seloot- least until a'ter the Inauguration." In answer to a wound slightly enlarged, and the depressed t>ortlon been prosecuted several times, and were ths priacl-iji this election a pledge of further and still more un- the line has been car-annually In safetv. With regard to the Amcri'^a-ifcalp wound two inches above the eve, about an inchrights of the Company and had takeatemlnue ol the line, now that the Greeland difficultythemfended against tl.ehe suitsfor the rescue and of has tieen lemoved, w-hen onceemancipation ried there in the fiftieth piiallel of Western lonal-they fracture of the skull the ;cupied by the Imperial Club and formerly by the certainly was a masterpiece of wrldna. The first of the West have opened their granaries in a flooding of the whole eonntiy. and to maintain the constitu- sHaoindorth'issewxapseraience ot medical testimoay Mr. Brady Term room in the new to the useTurkish The Club Is in and Embassy. liquidation•he house belongs to the Government.Have you remarked what a representation ofJiltnaturels and their lelations we are getting In theFrench Government 7 The Emperor is himself » and the lair advocate can led the sympathies spell-idelytional rights of every State. If the nation suffers any Iniury or ioss during his administration, it will not beWiUietm F. next testified Craftsoitissaid theCount ;We are a fair andWe have looked into the condition of theceasedtothedoctor's witnesswas ;Court, and made ttat^m, nscessarythis absentwas that which the writer Intended—an wimpression stieam for the starving thousands ol Kansas isunbounded horror of Slavery and indignation againstthe sUve-master. Never was eloquence better lis- known. But it is not so gcterally known, that for from any act of his.compUment to the rising generation. City Hall, assigned;at the first one he saw the prisoner come out with a of the Superior Couit against any charge of want oltened to never bad an fairer pUy. (or at 'several weeks some thirty thousand bushels of pasttids generously contributed grain have been lying In the hands of Committees and at depots of railroadsargumentleast one mllilon British men and women read orbound to ihe last line of the last What Is now page.the result !rather a enjoyfor holding.cleaver and strike deceased over the hoad the de- ;ceased and fell,Ustened to the book In the silence of tbeir home,IjTo the Editor of the .Veir-Yort TimesI am an American of a peculiar constitution, and then went into the store, and witness took the de-added:On Monday, 17th Inst., the officers of the"the handsome olEcer who described bv the novelist We have " realized" the"reasoning people.port "• ContoibutlonsarrangementsSi bSig temporarilyNegro,ofsufficient to accomplish and as 1 am'not this time been suScred;going ;^""Ij^Jj "•J^STrf^Sasto wimessthroughwho had of the 9^InsUtutiou." We have apprehended the greatness this object have during allItnswaywithQueenHokTXNSx'sheartwhenhe ofthefact,andaskourselves,"Whatcanbedone?" tolie dormanttemewhere,tshllethepoorstarving IlakeadallypleasureintheWintercarsoftheHud- ceasedwasordeilysergeanttras an aid-de-camp, and who is now appointedWe have compared the evil with evils of our own,of Kansas have seen the famine-fiend and theson River Railroad.Daniel Ferney, the next witness, testified, that heand the Count Walxw- natural" son of the First Emperor, abook was published in France, entitleddifficulty we get over—If we mischiefs and scandals.snows steadily bearing down upon them. To of death.AihbaseadortoEnglandto me to sit in them, with an atmosphere ranging from OS" to 100°, beside havingImVnedlateiy aent";therewas in that room.;delightternoon and evening onesMcGulre and tbe prisoner scuffling in thelistelyXm BaUri* lUutirtt, for which M. Emils db I;;JMMliM SBly lasks M. ob Gikabdin to make itpilesknilethen witness thenSjat^cnagain dispatched'The &ct is, there is talk of his MoB effowd a Iticrative place in the Government.produce. our conscien"ce, we have come to take a muchquleterto move that Informed Gen. S. C. PemaoT, at Atchison, Kan-aaaqMa.they had an agent on hia way westward,hecluding the deceased while witness talking Judse lobked,Italy. Piw*atheseof Belmont, Mass., in whose herddoor with hishand his side; witness was about factswas upon the srounl that the Board of Svpar-lent his yacht to OAiiBALni, in or-'"'l^JhtWeareaware.too,!— Mr.open right ;beingReturningoied atmosphere is so pleasant sadlysoaie- home, returned at shout halfpastsix;aforesaid, at which theandrefiectedwithwhatdo getovei—ourown socialThere is no use In violent we to our-peopledrifUngthem every delaying hour la one of peril and— wasoneofthecrowdpresentatbothfights theaf-moneysubiectto the national maladies of°f ^emlCourtimudeoftheruorn. NoahtemptIt is a perfectwhat Is to be done ! That is the question. At the Cooper Institute meetUig of Wednesday on, as I do,two ovsreoats aad a f^ tippet I eajoy the witness heard a noise and enteredselvesWe have. too. been made1. be any objection to my holding Courtceased throw a pall at some he know 'The CRrk reported ie Judge as stoUng thathome toevening, 12lh instant, on tlemen was appointedverypaper copies of Uncle Tom's Catin acrearrangemeatconscience,thatveconsumelargelyslave-grownbecondocteJ,and to wlthSraw therefrom would paralyse thatthe present Admio- cotton ana sugar and and that theSpecial Term could;OlBAIWIMwrotethe preface coffee,on the wood in tke red-; deceaseduhick a millionthen shouted, look out for thethus nmdefromto our senses, to our reason, and tomy lungs To be sure,view of the domesticslaves, but we feel institution." Wesdasy,Uutsr.a British bequest to the Stales. AUthat was blUa Slaveryfeel for the alsoforthemasters,andwehaveWe Jave had a'shortvisit from the grand Alxx-AXVai tnmxB, the dnj^lcate of the Liberator of satisfied ourvelves that it does no good to the former to the New- York Committee for »iOO to meet his freljht Uke it.but, sever mind;;" the then went Into lie Court in which preslried sfijourtied, prisoner communicated to the Common CounclL Up toby that the roomI recommend the friends of Kansas everywhere considera- to rend their contributions to J. E. WiujtHS, Biq.. der that the Dictator might receive regular mails tions apply qoite as moch, and more nearly several President of tbe Metropolitan Rank, New.York. andYours,head Is splita Committee of New- York gen- toactinbehalfoftheEmpire canone, didn't whom;prisonerthenmadetorthewindowwhere tha?roomwaT the only plt«-e in which *e basi-ofbe City. On Thursday evening, ISfi instant, they met, man (thougkful manorganized, and set to work. On Friday, 14th instant,came out, and his mouth waspoia- went and bleeding;30,f on bushels of grain'.I!thathewasatlibertyto draw on the Treasurer ofmounilng the Hudson along;1with one of hishea reUabls man at the head degrees, to the Northern Stataa. May not this quar- Treasurer ef the New-York Kansas Relief f-om tbe pleuro-pneuuonia originated, haa just been com- tito crowd nn the comer every nightfnm Ki^ws ba-placad aui^7^A,iniip€ndenti,ua hurried up tohe had known claiiredmlttee. THADDEUS HTATT. pelled te have four more animals slaughtered. The tl ) prison' r about a month, and n«ed to laugh at him yiP"rir hsH R«slrwed iU;;?/e7u7^on ^lutTmela'lld qulrtly i^.'S"'"")Niw-You, Dec. 14, ISW.iMassis now thought tobeexterminated.Htto »wlndr w;jRcro.-iE thestreet;The attlclei tppetrinflathedbllyjounwUtowUehUntitled DocumentThomas M. Tryniski 309 South 4th Street Fulton New York 13069• rf;-" -:www.fultonhistory.com"I Ill-Si m,»rfii^''a amid canoe,Ids liai,d.aadbe|(SDf4pe,wnich a strong tide daabss up and d3wnfloating Islandateaoflee-fragments; an chaang each other vrlth a; wasUirownat thaq^MsUiiit ll( Ms-of tlw en>w<;very unpleasant noise;goldlng It,himselC He drove the woman from his room with a bow crowdedTlie advices by the AtUntK have been Iceland, wt.iuh, uotwlthst^idlng popular cane object was doubt- the prisoner badstmeknskii than;iksysMaalasCwhole voyage. ited and examined Faxe Bay, on the northwest coastThv' Emperor Natolzoh seeaas to have been of the belief Sdcr-r-r-r-r-e eanat, you too would cry as they made that he had near at hand. Her ever, togeth; but Loadoa papers are received to the Sth—one dayIs as tree from Ice andyonjumpyourselflesarobbery.tn.OWlE. Ci^loa 0« Ruyter—One hundred dollars has been paidpriaooer;anUolpated Ireah informa-icebergs as me From Iceland to Green- tecblilcally eailed the Gre-nlandout in a to share hurryiil Jlwaak fee ; prisiiasf.tSW.OMtotaecoiiuaiy.sbores cf the Isle of Wight.of awhich couldbring youno—tiale of Tale College, has been compelled to leavesake otSea, the souncings were, as had been fouikd expected,when ha wehnethaawdalyMfMroamBtih^eanahiiuiiired and friendly towards the South.;;belongingandotoerofficerscoullke of the coursenewspapeis at the Nortb, which 1 need not name,tice CHUse, if It were persisted In.In Missouri andhas;in no case demand the of the Finance moneyDepart-some other where States,miiig Republicans from those States had urged him to iiFe his iDlluence wiih tne jotiniala referred to, and in-onerprisoner then went Into the meal shop, andto the Older to show cause, now made. Tbeq'iestioajvt c'f^to leave Springfield again before his departureJ>r.tcheeasNeedw-waYsorakdmHiotstpeidtalto,> tehsetifiea that waen tne de-coimsel, Messrs. Bliss and Barlow, andoonsented statedto the Cuuit ttiat they had acknowledged theruaiy,after 1 get there, aud 1 want to keep tolerably sine, atpatient wasFor the Rudsen River Railroad IMrectons.or foimees to the Judgesof the Supreme o,.„r;/,rit wereto tantalize *Jie pnsouerSrrRFJIE COtTKTDefore JiuUee SsthertaoS.:temperature of about 99° Fahreohelt,across the way to Mrs. McOulre'e shop; Freneli, Celtic,was attacked, while asleep, by his housekeeper, Mrs. MrAvoy.wbo songbt to kill him bv pouadtag bin witltspHt tManbythe sea as Impeiietrably covered with IL The Bulldog which Quebecers are for months coomelled to submit Thomas Gsffield, of Boston, for the manuscripts of be the leader, jumped vMenlly oa hUh; wtskthaflM.iU ered inaccessible to ships. She, however, stooJto bebetweenPresident AdrienHonnexttestifiedthathesawaBtOeofAsPrince Christian Sound, when a of wind galepelled tier to stand off snore.place"than the direct route across the Atlantic. Tne ex- amination of Hamilton Inlet, made by Sir LsopoiJi, was necessarily a hurried and butOurdesire that he should not be surrendered.jissa. Bridget Carland, iodloted for infanticide, was di»'Tbe Court then to this atU adjoomad miaiilago'clock, wbea, after the conclusion of tae trial aevlirperfect one, very little ice was seen on the Labrauor coast. On tbe return voyage a secoad series of soundings were carried from Hamilton Inlet to South Oreeoland,portraitof Ex-PresidentPolk, by Healy,29th of The weather she had September.experiencedof age.on, ttie follow ing cases will be taken up CALnmAB.,during her voyage from Labrador was most severeshe encountered no leas than five galea of wind Correspondence of the Philadelphia Evening Bulletin.Speaking of visits^ the School of Hanchsster hasBuOBT, went to see the quotidian representation to the la<t powers vested In the Stale Constitution, years. The Bulldog up to this time had obtained no breakfast, and a walk around me quiet city, consumed BvPKsm CetiST—Cibcdit —Port /.iTiformatlon respecting tlie Fox, and many to ofthiastrangetheatreoffinancialoperations,and withaviewtodlstmion,«anogroundwkat- beganroomofwhich Terminer.Partff.—19*1,1004,S27S,101,1903,1872,378, build-tbey isehaigsd;ceaelaDidtc.upperwe aie told were much amused with what thay erer, that can he discovered, except that they set the east coast of Greenland. made ing Mr. LiHOOLn receives visitors and transacts busl- IN*. »i|2. 2UI8 1987.1968, 1«S», l»«0, IS86,331. 738.839, tbe prisoner then pleadmg guilty to isrgerr la tfeasaw. Their first astonishment was at the door, where they had to pass a tourniquet, and each de- pose a franc on the counter. Their second aston- ishment was the gallery reserved for spectators ; their third, that in stopping to look down from theMr. Batch, theand without aoy ceremony, we were Introduced. Mr. Liscou) already had a visitor, and his wasteoce,Charles G. Thampasa. a brokes, IndhitKl for isr>gery, and also for false pretences, ia relatloa to getdag 148,114, 117, 149, 19«, 191, 192, 31,438,198,199, poasesston of certain deeds, was next tried.gallery,om, and their fourth, that while they had no liberty above, there shonld be so much in the arena be-proof.tkire IS no more reasoTi /or the violences reportedfrom.the St^uihem States than ihtrexmmLd be far the electorseda line of In towards the fi"rd. means faancsome face. His/ lall figure, which anIrish frlena says "can be cut In two three times. When be Is "eaied," unfolded Ifelf, and ho left hi.s chair lorhake each victor cordially tne band, witaMondayproperwere yelling, pushing, scuffling, tearing each other's coats and smashing each other's hats. Ac- customed to ihc freedom of financial operations at an English Exchange, they were no little aston- ished at the restrictions thrown around these ope- raticns at the Exchange of Paris.grandPeople confidently looked at the Monitcur, yester-day morning, for a decree or decrees of some kind;ceitalnly goSibtes on tbelr first rtfusal to deliver up a runaway.It If tc-i'cely possible to conceive without reailng the^htmselves the greatness of tlie iudi^iauon orthty att at rest the tong-dtspu^d question of the exii-Intend to resist the col ectlon of tne revenue, afterlilt oiuain secession, iheie need be no collision with yUe Fettetal Government. The Union miy still l>eFor Burglary— Uavld Thome, Robert Mcnson, Ed-do not like Mr. Lincoln. He has committed himself to declarations against Slavery, and it Is assumed that he will do all he can to prevent1224,1878,IM],dlsciiaigedstupeaded ssa-the extension ot Slavery toStates,to main-the Bulldog again approached the coast of Green-86,Ssrsaioa Cosbt -Pari 7—Nos. 33AK, 97, 7A7, 609, 961,low, where several ihousaad well dressed men of SoutkKark refusing to pay assessed taxes because whkh ocra,loDally sweep the cast of Greenland. pleasant words of greeting and inbquyiries after thehecaLord t'atvuraton hetd declared against tht ballot. The writers and orators from South Carolina and her con-For tbiitj hours ttie vrind blew with such terrific vio-lence that no canvas could withstand its force for one iiealthof bis thlcago friends and their families, lieIn Confinement an equal length of time.William II. Callahan plearted to guiltyfe lerutesbtates. have taken down all tne Federal Theyland, but was subject to almost contlnuo'is Interrup-For Felonious Assault and Battery—Elamlentertain serious apprehensions that she had been be-upon Thoughat the most unfitvorable season, the ex.imioations iiess.l«ae, 486. IMl. 801,1012M,fourth was degree,underwere said to be most satisfactory, in the cbaonel ofthe various fiords a most considerable of water depthSscretatyof State,accompaniedus,Is almost universally found. On the 8tb of Octobersecretary seated at a desk heaped up with letters and docu-SirsxHl Cesar—SragiALTisii.—Nes. Its, 143, 1431(,newtain the existing freedom of slaves found in Free land, close to the entrance of Prince Christian Sound, ments. As we entered, we found the Fresldent elect 101, 184, IA.andwhatever at the extreme south end of Greenland, and found so sealed by a stove, and there was not the least diffi- Its politi-States, but even this assumption,officersofpolicecompelledthemtomove calvalue,waitsfor Toallourpoiiticalnotions verylittleicethatSirLsopuldM'Clintocxcommenc- cultyInrecognizinghisstrongly-markedandbynoMessrs. Smart and Ashmesd dcleaded the ease, a hlch occupied all the last part of tiie day. The ease was left with tte TOe verdict will be iatakingsoundingsled the Democratic aad was ssatills Inientlt how n,vas frustrateding op of one of those terrific easterly hurricanesever,kythe sorlng-gtuoitlhteyofvoPtriunKg>M loe *iua ticket,city mnnfh, hivtag already*' at moment, and the Bulldog had to lie to under bareInee madeeveryone feel at his ease, and someTreaty.people ate almost unanimous in theirmont, is about too(>enan office in Boston.CaiCAOo, Friday, Dec U, 1800. After nearly a week devoted to private business in this city, I yesterday vlsitad Springfield and the I'lesldentelect. Acoupleofpersonalfrleods,who were acquainted with Mr. Liscoui, volunteered to ac- II e, and atartlng by tlw train which left heretwo or three hours, and soon after 9 o'clock we wentter.—Gait's statue of Thomas Jefferson is on ex-hinltion In Va. Riciimond,Coart mt OeaenU ftoaalamfc TOaOKBS AHiy IU.SOAL TOTCIS U COUM.companyLiA.W RHPOItXS.In thisbefbnCourt, yesterday, Becordsr Bab-tutheStateHouse,Inanabletoagree.Tbeyweredwrenpoadaad,:prtstiaWimonths.vengeance des.tructton. They poles," I!) keeping the engines going. In case of fall- miiiues weie passed in lively chat about ordinary the first business was the discharge of three prisoners, The Court then to this at IIthreaten andtiireaten to seize the property of Nortbemerv, tbeCr baits or their portmanteaus, in retaliation for the emancipation or the escape of fugitive slaves In ttieInAfter the abatement of the rale the Bu/lrfog' contin-ued her line of bark to in Ice- soundings Reikjavlk,sutijecis, each of which was Illustrated ny someanec- I oie. told w Ith the readiness and humor for whichDavid Berry, John Mills, and Andrew Miller, againstadjourned morningingwith ice.o'clock, n hen thecases will oe taken OAL>IiI>A&.upfltgs,exw-pt where tbey happen to be protected by Federal lions from gales of wlud. But the few soundings news Irom the South. " ^o.** he replied; " 1 haveguL'B. TLey have vutfd immense sums for arms, which could be mndewereof the most n< t read ihe dispatches in theFor G.an'i WUIlan H Luelle, WiBiam Larceny-that tbere Is no lack of arms, satlsuctory yet " morning papers. though character, a depth of 746 fathoms being found where But," he adued, 1 tiuiik, Irom all I can learn, that Napolion's destiny f(ir good .or evil, passed this tbere is of money. They demand a Southern Confed- It was expected to find 2 000. The return sounding of things have reached their woist point in the South,The prison-The 2d cf Decsmbcr, the day that fixed Lortsyear without a single evpnt to mark its passage. v^hii-h vouldby Mr. Anthon, on behalf of the pe tple.tliongb it appearseration ti at ^hajl do vtiat it pleases nitaltsovn, and aj.oer was mdlcted for themurder of MichaelWalters, Philip ixirran, Joseph Kelly, Tnomaj Mc- Kavanagh, Mahan, George H Rlthardsun, Wary'Parmlee.arecharacter In a scientific po'nt uf view, iniitmuch as tiue, as ri ported, that tne South Camlinians do notto war witti the Northern yir F. L. McClistiktk were of a pecuii«lv interestingti e}liitelythe future. If it beHall-placeteitce animal ofthe ocean-Sev.Smith, Nicholas Hauiey.at m great depthsset loith Ihe facts to beproved,M.whom Grand had found no bills. the JuryLi>coLn Is noted.At length, one ol the party asked him if he had anyIBE KAVAHAOB XCBDEB—TBIAL OF !:CHACHT.The case of Frederick Schacbt was then moved on wav. I'nomas Hill, Francis Dufly, James S'etten..to mend ina', the corner of CityBrady conducted the defence, Mr. Anthon briefly CliaNes Fisher, Barbetta Hollacher.Bev. Messta. Ferree and Little, Xethodist— 4m/4». The banker, ia severalMorttaIm*ii strta portion of the direct routs. It is a remarkable fact prohlblu sailing, rowing, or aught but padddog. are doing their best through the medium of the New- £dicant W. Budd next testified tiiat he saw tlw iist\^t» far less, (nearly MM fatnoms) than the deepest here, now that ferry-boats are frozen up, and the IceMessrs.P.T.BatnumandCbaunceyJerome SiatenIsland.as showmg the erroueous I'opressioas which hare prevailed even among scientific men reflating this leglou, that no Ice was found away from the sliore where the charts of andSome Winters we do, uiJeed, have an ice brllge, but that does not form until January.For years, people have agitated the building of aHaven to determine which was papers—Eev. Mr. ol Buchan,—&ew-/ersey,fiC^t.stSo'olQck; besswih* lastwtmam atactiana number of persons who were maUag an attai^' oanaoverpowered Mr LandmanTuoekadDlMasssss, tbeniatlon I'elivered In that city, on the Fourth of Hon Edwaxd Evikxtt.away,forehead, ips aad noss were swoUfn, cut aad bleat-"of used liedidnotsecat least. Government to promisesBava"TotalraoH BATU. the coast sounding occasionally, nearly as far hs Funds you. course cry. with an Interrogative good authority on the subject—denies the rumor ttiat pail j tiie ssoood tght.thetbe Cnbans. The people of Matanzas are aboutl»0, 2<'3, 1»91.1012.1M2, 74, 139, 1389. 1373, 1S39, 1998, 390, a009, 2071,Gottscbalk,pianist,is agreatfavorite withhim; lie had always boms avery goodcharacter tonotshould be over- Hall place and Pearl-streetno such caution, there can betilings,The reservation he made was when he was ex-halfand tended a littleJad«eB«tta.weie his views at the time but of course presentllsb'e to be modified by his more mature judgment af-wasfrom infringing the Goodyear Patent by the sale of vulcanized india-rubber elastic manufacturedlayingwas seen the other day walk- tagonists far more bitter than those of diverse laa- such as that recently experienced. Even when Ltd ;k pleasant allusions tu iucldents of bis recent visit ti mockewrhyo camperisinotnoertshefrequent style of address to Messrs. Fischer A Aschenberg appeared by tiiairand Bising about the difiinent parte of the new Louvrenuguages and races are themselves (acts which cannot est its movements with vailous winds are sofeelirgsMr. Liscctnchangedthe conversation,ofat Che C'>m ne^ice- ment uf the season, except in an exjeption^ year,Lhus discussedpublictime, making"saying,in Euiope and defendants.Importedinto ihe United States by ths; Itunderstood that, under the commuted of experleuoejCaptains, many frail ships totally una lapted for icovisit and return from all of the coast navigation, partspublishingvery holes in It before the assaultstudypro-on the prisoner, byin;Kavanafi then grabbed a pall and strucksavLssoa. Cbarlee Alger.took of aa Invitation to preach la Mr. slept-uTefwtasBi O-lMlTflshtaisaiSs always a pMaaM aaiA contagion of dishonesty has broken out intills Channel of the St. Lawrence, with all the griai- Chicago. On Dec. 10 a banker and liquor nMrohaat wrist, whieh looh*d ss M dnt wHfc »ms *aro iasira-It iseompany for Australia a fewthatto reside in that city with her mother, during this Win-CaaitCalea4ar—FoaTscssaAT.—Oyer andAa>. William B.UUey.iadictad for forgeiT, la pass- inganalteredtlnote,wasfirsttried.Thejury,afarwas standing with Daniel Flnly, John Sweeny,Cosrs ia the Ezciae Caafie—The foraMaodameslaIheCemptralJer.— CHAMBSBS.Sweeny begin about two minutes moderate, good- afterwards prisoner hit the witness under tnewitness struckhim into the store where both clinched, and werethe two sieves, so tliat no paaaengerposaibly cool for a moment, aiui as tiie brakes- Uie knives were, whenMcGoire struck him wimess nes! of^I)hot stoves, I luxuriate. Then to;Court. -The clerkChenery,twenty years ow vvas accustomed to meet with this period 1 had never heardthelookli( upgh'l's;can e in, on tbe ground that the City oonld act kemade until the Comaissiooeri of Excise lesponslblehad exhausted thel. remedy against the deiinqueat;back,; to do then Blliy Cralt took the deceased to a drug-:Hospital:;It was a and instru- very heavy ugly-lookingon the pan of tbe Comptroller as to any part of it.deceased had on a seamless cap, which wit- ness had seen before. [The cap was here produced, this and Identified by witness.} Ihere were no cuts orapplehe was accustomed to stand around thevs. John A. Fischer i Atckenbtrg.—JL motion for iniaae-hours a day witnesshadknown thetionmade In this case to restrain the defeadaats goods,;they had no particular business there ;the tbe membranes of Ihe brain were thensupposed762019.9^9o9,r»1/0/6—3,.A1d0j1o1u,rnedto697,619,3f(o9r,wa7n69t,ef687,391, ourreportto-riKjjrurorwy.givenaccemmcdations.ANOTHER MUKUER TBIAI..Coart of Oyer and Terminer.In this Court yesterday, before Judge Balcoh.Michael Fairel. Indicted forisa Illegal voUag, pi;got;thepa-The Saperler and Ike Sapreme Caart calty.that he was one of of the Supreme Court by the Board of Supervisors. the crowd present at the seven o'clock fight, but not After tlds statement, and an able defence of the Jadgeswimess caught him and took himconrtesy eourt.ffr.Mosoanrthebronchitis, consiuiptlOB, colds and disordered nerves, was first lieutenant In a company in which the de- retuinlDg found the doors locked, ">^°f^Sw^m^prisoner 19 years of ai;o,irThi5Si'rf''Ii,««>»«»pwsstUKeadsr-tion, sad after a the bctoropsMIivlbrPesrl-stieet; —s.tKo.iWe.t^otalkM^otkl<iwewr4airt 1twhen witness heani that tk« qaaitsl win w some one asked ilie prlabner if he had got aMughwitness told them bethe door, and oroeced them away from tne coraer as!'«in the afternoon he saw .if,^oDr^me C^rt CrtnFirrived,«» then by me to the Judge, with the eerti-a ;was noise, calluiemy jury In the room, comer of Centre and .friends,heheard crushing and tbefactsaforesaid,the SALAMANDER. and looking, saw Kavanagh fall, crying. "Oh, my Chamber streets, I statlcjg was and the;;woulAhaveaoguaxTeliagaroaadwilaets was Infbrased that —his own lite, and not to have aevu the .i*ure,io leave that night, jraka toer didnotseetheartttself bethenadvisedthetneyliouer down, and Ihe deceased, whoibe beard deceasedenough ;" prisoner tiien veat into the stois foUowadsecondlarge by decessed, who had a knife In his hand; wSaaasilrinon the motion of the wha District-Attorney,a returned and stated tlist long absence,were aa-lar- cery, and was seat to SiaW Prison two years and itrand Pearl-streeu Mr. For Stolen Goads—Jacob P.Receiving Cha'.teitaa,and called the firstPatiick UcGu're—VTho testified that on the 23d of John Parker, Wellington Games, Frank Bryant,following:ihepdaneApplleadaa  -Tillrtsiita