 IMaVd'rule bad been alwayswho was miule FieldMarshal. When reviewing the troops he fn- covered t>y Inauranee.'f. *.-J -^It represents an excited African beenwMtth«youngmanby fallingofthecurtainuponthefifthactofthe aneternalpote,aaifbreakingintoadance,m^His °"^el<l-"'wbom he treated in the three-to beChurch took no middle ground—its more mischievotiswe might perhaps point in a profitalde and^-analyticapprehensivesuch a man toof this fact;butpieeentCorpus:beea ezehided from tba mails at tba Soatk. TtafsUilitary Association,in. the eveiilng an address of Adjt-Gen. of the great work he hadmagnificentlaaaimulaa TsaaiaB. N. J.,.powers,use and comfort tosuch Northern.,-^-^^^^»F^:t MSBUr—TuOmMOii. __ fBCATBK—certalnlr ti nM dwU ta cell say sun« aaiboae far Aaaa i»l"lalhH mmmMm- belsg ditpped >M|tlma(adat«,S70Mils.or wbria SB, aaif ^tfasifc- of boiia,sbowlB(aUu8e fsBlB|[0>:a«aL.|hat.aiiw.^fnaj^biaU^regarded aod into the question of its con-Northern men in —teaching by example."And, as it is, the world owes Thokastold of a Frenchdulged rather freely in expressions more mili-t0Maninharcargotobedischarged. TheChrist- aMaSolldnshiM! Deen observed with unusual in-considerate of friendly critics to those in whomwas done. There is an especial pathos in theof an Qlustrious man who — passes ^likecowto^om the Windward Islands. The conuner-cial news is alone of any interest. Several Ameri-can vessels with breadstuffs had reached Barba-dos, abundantly supplying the Bridgetown mar- rest forever in the imfinished ket. The sugar crop, there and in Antigua, washos- Northern men and Northern rights, a persistency which has been of veryjustthe islanders.Wf WBj of the Bermudas we receive later ac- Lord Macaulat—from the scene of tiis honor-he saw a worthy promiseto be kingly depthsPro-Slavery tility againstoutrageousiBg delegatesthe discharge of pistols and the display of Platform asd the Dred Scott dedaiaBi^tgmtmt feattv^'bydeathof The mercilessexcellencecbavc* on New-York was from 3^4 premium. A anmber of bQls were yesterday introduced in-;the State Senate ;among others, bills to incor-—and there are tears,"an extraordinary drcnmstance,"pa<gf.> Hommpathie Medical College, to enlarge glimpses of the scholar's lamp. But the un-Okafowwaof the Aaditor of the Canal Depart- written chapters of a Pbiscott an4 a Macait-acertainly great many^Peimsyivania,The laaohitions of reference weremight easily have corrected this silly little ex-'ofHis toneDeposiu ClicnlstloncanM.« mfttSon the part of its joker, by a refer- ence to the files of the Albany Evening Jour-hisaaMaaea of those interested in military matters, n^,testimony which was taken on Mondaybefoundon assertion,conservatiTe—Infavaroftaa and the Uwa, Iscladiag tba Fagltlvaa«ktenmanypointshe bad towas buthis faculties fully for this loftyeventually producefection.Dr. Cheivie'b model Church, it seems, sharesWaysaandChicagoRaUtoad•KjatiaeiBof wisdomandacalmpenetrationof machinery, impartialregularity,and todoctrine Slavery ques—mob ofwith ease, to care aathebefore the Coroner's atJury, Lawrence,elected at the time specified, maywas CoDftltuUonstrongly|,'» *» decisive as any which haa yet beenTrilune's door as a typical emblem of its wit.—we can afford toAnd if we look fur address"*^colleague,!ea«nM8 it waaiHi dw meat noiidTe manoar to the thewith a fixed andof the Belvidere to the whole breadth of Iiis ample face—acrtiss the^whtch re-day.^^^^^__ Dr. Cbeever's Dilemmas.* ''urJa heavilyessential hwded.weak andthe same quality, similar effects.and mustIt has the same fixed, unva-sciipUon.Panic, noise, confusion, outcryModifiedFortwere enierad by the Untiad Ststaa Tat Cleveland, this WM. Ohio, naoralaf. P;".Mr. McClibkakd, of Illinois, burst into violentit not for the tact that ib'u witness had lately beenby any sect orpersonalpoured'of and Congress,—ischarged from the employ of the.Pemberton Com-reproach upon the unhappy Anti-Lecompton-dF«in, his testiaumy woolcf have had much greaternien are tions of conductfollowed contradic- by'^^'i llr. BaajaMUi who is'1 and laid over until the nextcould wethem the ahamefulaeas and7S„low upect of ihememlierB,direction. There is need of mora Uon met here to-day, at Muslo HaU. aboat xQoawa natftatr-onlsa of themeeting, Departmentissue, tries his gifts upon Mr.—Itwasnotawide-ranging aa the worid, very promlsiog subject certainly, and no man in their essence, and in their ap- less lunny than the funny man of the Tribune, universal as the necessities of human could probably have extracted a particle of hu-otherclergy- peisonalaace. Excbanga aa Iaadoa,es days, ISXaUK 9 cent,ftesohiffl;oahaw-York,SX#4Veaat-pa^. tnlwin.Tewpeiaaea CaBveatlaa atNewaik* NswABX, Taaadar,JaB.n.1cfaadea* Bank to the Shoe and Leather Bank.in<ie.ttlB.iM*.iMd«dlrleaked outto S2 lor A. C. Ooaaa.HasDMo,described le*fhlghreptitation,and who wssen- cgostnietion of the Pemberton Mill, the called the attention of the master- t;th« ti«Mto numerous finlts, which he;Mr.Millson,didaot aatbaycamsfromtheSenala,byTeis9t,'1fay*aLHa and BgfatiBd. play,ineceasity of leveuog op the machinery, pertect Apollo instability building.— change-It is unfortunate that assumptions of exclu-invective. Voicesfrom all sidesIT. The resolutions relative to the non-organhaHaaextnTBgantandassertlonasteps byierways reEjiain so, yetso ftr as the fifateraallact waapnUiahedobjeotable labors at the zenith of all hisboWie-knives.Yesterday, for example, the course of de- frankly bate had run smoothly enough, so long as Mr.opeaJngofhand still firm upon theof bis nature loved the furrow he had than he hated the Stuabts,far moreand revered Re-greatagitatorsown, {tt-the hazard of aeemiog uncivil, that the perveraion of such a reference into a "violationalaiiningObserver,Boaiaassat SatfdlspostUoai lo eparata. Mat tba new yaar opeaa.Airtved at Saa rraaeiaea Itae. w. „Roman remains unsearched, of them there isalways hope that they may one day revisit theThe Trlbane ia the Sawdnst.This world is generally conceded to be a ralestanding even with the Tribune, strikes us aseven in-to vote far Doosus ontll tba msjailv^ ordinary otherwise,wasvoteddownby38aa^orUy.miitt aaJl to ameDd the Act relative to commer- LAT to tliat saddest of allcial pap«c. The remaining proceedings of the belongSMMIa wan of slight public moment. In the the tale of the things " that might have been." choly than the mirth of the Tribune, anything Houaof Aaaembly, the Oovemor's Uessage wasnndat.dSacDaaion in the Committee of the Whole,Mr. YiJl HosB reviewing and eulogizing the seve-ral leading points of the communication. Ur. He had lived long enough for great reputation come into contact with it. As our co- AacvLAUoa, in reply to Ur. Van Hobh, attacked and wide-spread influenceBoaiDB, Toaaday, Jaau V.' thftBegiatry and Ueiropolitan Police Acts;long enough,But accuracy in such matters must not be than the the UlyssesSpecieand poialcil to the election of Uayor Wood as evi- daoc* aftiw unpopularity of the latter enactment.subsequently The Hojise as well aa the Senate, ac- ipniation of the toof legislativeasked of a clown, and though the Tribune warfare. Mr. Hicxmaii laid aside none Due to other Baaka;of the"play, whoAjax yesterday.perhaps,manding authority which were so plainly with- in his reach. And this, not merely because beleaves beldnd him the onlytravagance;.atGmr,crown high ambition with fiill achievement The^ Mz.Jqu» CaawroBD related the circont- laadarwhichtbafirebrokeoutinthem- applausecotempo- santly distinguished.for his incapacity of being both witty and patience and endurance under the infliction of Slave law. He deprecstsa the aglUtloa of the Slav-rary andthinksIts agltatoraatsa»- wise,comicalandcorrect,ononeandthesame suchrhetoric,wemustsurelylookelsewhere eturaytqendesbtyona,alittleofjasdcapraiaacolfppaaltitotUas.I^.'^pnigniation o^Oor. Olort, of Kew-Jersey, ningwi§JMC«aiplished yeetetday at Trenton. The sd- and solemn. post The latest volumes of his ryingter his ness. He claims for it and himself a purity in Virginian,dieiK of- th» new Governor was dacUively con-History of Englandfuerewas then sworn In aa Rcceivar fbrtiw: Be wUl srriva heta this ancontrtd.tone, coonseUog the observance of all 7aSeial obSgntieDa. however distasteful, and thezepieaaion oTAnti-Slavery agitation.,*h« weekly report from the Institutions to the"^ showed an increase £?^1 OovemorSr yesterday,nthenamberofInmatesofIM. Aresolutionwaswith uniformjudgment, which were lacking in the eariier just about the same distance, at every provo-and a consiatency in practice on theJ. P. Kiwnaa lectured before the 5r?-5"'"M*'> Association of the Trinity Uetho-thephi^eopfaicannalist of the progreas of po-yesterday'BBathono'b speech at Albany.men, merely spokenchurches that allowed slaveholdersof a course which the the uselessness gives„*ev.Sl u''^"'"'Young liticaldenounced and at the same time ridsChurch, lastevening.subjectits motto it of none of handle not the un-man, ihe orator and the divine. -3J5°?mw",'? »"'"day, there was a moreplicationsociety.and serious awas"touch not, taste notPursnant to a call, a Suta Temperaoe*to re- from the Ue-'safety. But ofSlaveryasasin,but farastourgeuponpresumeenduringof mankind tooawaits theplow,Rightwarmlyasourcotemporary.WemustLord Macaitlat has died, indeed—if such aUThe following la tbe weekly Bank statenwl—phrase may be used of any man prematurely.we have been hitherto not to lucky enoughreminds oneha^TvwvBBvn. The address drew together a large is apt, indeed, to be impatient of fragments, That striking piece of statuary which adornsfor theingenious gentleman...to make himaelf a teacher of the Truthhimself by contemplating that mirthful statuehis which now mustcategories,—to discourage the em-Perhaps we might say as much for the and manner, so far from emulating the more suspended payment.notfame and the com-temporary's pathos commonlypurposeof Historyand himself the closest and least indulgent of a lunatic, it would be simply from lack of origi-to thenounced a statement of Mr. Hickmait •deUber-If be did not become _were the cause of the catastrophe. them all, felt that his experience in the work nal capacity. The Tribune's wit Is of preciselyare practically the most unspic- itual of men, and Perfectionists exhibit traitsIhe language appropriateplac«, pro-The Plttsbargh, Fart Wayae aad Chlaag* Kailiwad.principlea, imperishablemembers as accursed of God. The House no Speaker,f" a Stock forty years to the practical and theoretical fortnight past.thala to InfiueDcs leglalatton for aetlaa ta atsy ttaa^lBISzSitSi fci-l*""»•2ES£lS;,.hTT!2V' *;" "'ber tame, bet pricestion.peculiarityor of lesscowardlybravado.egat*» being present.oWactofCa««|»Wgi^<W-.advanced to lost®109.'SfSSI.!"^.,''TM'*'- Sales J,600 mingled in debate with the master-spirits of Nothing—~LoXn!'"service of the State in ;acUons htTRriMaMb Mptala, CoBee, Fuhwoods. Hides and D?t<or falaeboodof re- him out of a multitude of scrapes, which wouldRreat dliuiaa, has ar-CaiiMSO, 1%s*Mrjless inquired tor, boyers. Comcordsofhiscountryassiduityit time,of the and a member of his Church was alaitly for recreation. He Inteat's, wa bellare, to go to the tar Wt st as soon as possible, aad to atnusa himself wi'h the sporit of the Imatsmaa la that rsgioa.f«rChrisU states that Coaathelpslower"'r.ret""T°,;:[^rn!|!more sensitive person. In these qualities beliberalsupporterHabub,A letter ftomunattainable Seeds, Teas and Tailow ware reatrlctad. a. mod- any efforts of an intellect less InstinctivelyFofeign Uauu, Hemp, Leatherbythan his own. It amounts to genius. In the whole range of lite-Be publishesa letter la oar oolumns advatUstDKNaval Store* Uml loittcl^ Unds of Oils. Bice and Whiiky-iZ»S>^>.t»4sL '^SriSi-lL^i^^^-^^J-ieiaie deiuaod ier prevsUedHay,andandwas not enough forUmat;and the closest critics of bislabor,for an hour on a stretch.Spiritualistsalready performed ripenjust begin-Hickhax, af-borgb,led ftMBMnt o*memmam a exoepdn, It aMw,«o tta tMlMMfimfinished pag>* « Haoxnmis; a^n ao- MSj, orio nikito ta tij n^v^ttm'la tt^Oiifr |MiH tf.fldii BonrtBg^CaoMwe Me, and pictareaqoe, and incpb|abfl»a of flie. ^eeehheaActotoflritfo^n., n^**: vog^Mfaw from the palftt heewM ab l«tarpiAiWi sn&iliT tateiiMm, l^lniltvon tnqu^ the eleganOy aUborated caannw ^uma. tire Tijpnr and eaoiy offaia aatne amitevotad aaLanpanig that the alaveholdet totik atafa IftlhepinpeT qntrten, eosennlng the con- England seemad to bare a right to expect to Um baavy taafc of being ftnmy arm aaaae of to iMPre. and did, notwUhstandlag Ihe dition of commerciel tntensomse at the present from MAaAin.AT what Maoavlat Umaelf moat its Ineidental points. Mr. It had stated, for iiiianrw at Dr. Chsbvbb, who assured herand the Southern earnestly and aifleereljr deaired to provide for exanqiie, that while the Union was Bmge*- that he did not Inetade her personally la histime betWMn fbliStates. Ikey Imts no room to doubt that the her a tme and full and onimpeachable pic- graphicaUy tmbrokea, and paastbly mig^t al- aaaaidta on the aiaof alavdiolding. When thisCity— ture of ttieTheOveibtodin the New-Toikhaa been to alarm the commercial class- fulsome eulogy to say, has been fulfilled. Lord the duty of patriots, therefore, to reestablish it ored to evade tlie gross iaconsistency between es ia both sections, and to produce everywhere Macaui.at's volumes upon the 'Hiatory of on its old foimdations. The statement we preaching and practice made apparent In thisthat the fact wascant—wllhoat Interest or influence :—and it la an imputation of partisan objects, or partisan upon it : (%ur<A, on tlie Slavery question, what it was xroin PmuDA, only by lashing the public mind into a fsrer of UDfairness oftemper on the part of the histo- "Mr. RAmom first tpsaki of the 'eitiema lot- before, a mod^ Church. In hb aagemeMfanatics, sional joke-maker, who liaa to perform daily Bo^;|LUr- They commerce is not obedient to the schemes and parade, and of moving through the solemnEarly titis morning a fire brofca oat toaftar puts in the plea of ignorance on his own part, storybilckbaUdlBg in the >«ar of Ha. M CbaSIMl-involved charges of strongerSQemp,axtlaUtj, corruption and total incapacity,Uj^it with luupating rigor by the ifissisaippi Sen- machinations of mischief-makers in either sec-aisles of the Past with quite another step than before the same audience, may certainly be and places the blame on some memben of the street, occupied as a faetory by T. B. Jator. Tainly, however, as ill. BowxAX was sub- tion of the Union. A very vigorons and ear- he had used in the quick debate of contempo-excused for seecning at times a littleof mi Church. IDsnufsctorers (sncy atlialas,chosen. The House of BepresentativesHflt«i» itself to the discussion of theyianttly rule. Ur. HtrtcXTHS, who rep- and other Sonthem ports, to promote non-in- been granted to him, we cannot doubt thathackneyed,wouldnot beat allbrowB-stooe mainbalUiag on•aqwMUrnest movement has beenpushedat Richmond raneous life.Had but a few years more, then,These are the excuses wliich the Englishof craft and Fharasaic intolerance in thedeveloped.analystThe lost books of Livr are a perennial ligion far more earnestly than he despised the but wlule one nook of soil that once wasHuTCHiNS retained the floor in vindica- vote for him as kiag as such support will frara tion of the Plurality Rule, and sundry Sonth- avsilable, and declare that the Dameeraey of HIa-traced.Havana advicea, to the 13th inst., reach us from source of lamentation to all students of his- cant of Papist or of Puritan.matniinf rapidly.HaW'.Ofleans. Therewasnopoliticalnews. Ez- toryof private intercourse," no name being men-tioned and no harm done to any individual's venial vice of the Western orator ever he may be. A resolotkia instrvotiag tbs data-which she rose toof theHiraU and Undted jooinala, npon thla aabject, pnmi place in the yasgnaid of sotmd constitn- relaticms of its two seeSodS were concerned, it Ihe pastor of the Choidi of ttie Puritans pru- slBoa aa dapaitora af tha have been poM and wOUul fhbrications. Their tional fk«edom. This expectation. It would be was dissolved already,-~and that it should be dently kept silence as to Umaelf, but endeav- largs nombar of vessels dna JThese aheetsllTe by excitement In tlaies of calm and friendly critics as a magnificent Whig pam- ticularly facetioTU. But behold how our bronze unknown to the Church. This defence they York iAmiUw, boa BiMal,l^: Ifaitt^mt prosperity they are utterly atopid and insignifi- phlet The description, in so far as it conveys friend brings his imwinUng smile to bear seemed to tliink satisfactory, and left the S£«s£bSssa^S^ra political and financial pamc.England"have often beendeaoribed by un- think,seemstolerably intelligibleandnot par- statement by sayingentirelyfro-Bordeaax; SOh, Jtoy BMHam, ^wrath or of apprehension, that tliey become rian, we believe to be equally superficial and probaUUtr of tba catastrophe' af tha dlaaobitloa if to defend the Church, he apparently did aot the ITnloa, sad directly afterward prooeads to layWAsmxenm mtaiHMti.his dlseoorae, perceive that the excuse, just so fiu as it ex-Just now their endeavor is to create the be confessed to be not wholly inapplicable. that the Unloa Is alraady disiolvad, aad tba -qoas- culpated them, condemned him. It was a ques- wttblkaasMIatsvrbo kad •-•-'r n n naai belief that' the South is ceasing to trade or Lord Haoaclat, as his paiasiUcal enemy, tloB we bave to consider is, how It may be leistab- ttonable way of getting out of the dUEctdty, lalod, was detalaed at that jart triaarimportant or notorious. incorrect. But there is a sense in which it must as tfes fnadameBtal down,pnpoittlaaofsteaaaar Ifaatartswiii, booad ta Ta saanwiea BLama.Qgiim T >Tni> TBuui Monoa. em trade, and fidllng to receire maney In pay- marked his Eraogelieal Scottish ancestors,«» BOWXXT THKITBS—Baltk, cmUnBow*— ment of thehr debts from Southern States. and made Zacbast Macaulat tiie moat im- The man who that is notIa/ool, tMOfl vnUr eatrsorrfmarf cirewiuteseM." says funny, mayThis Is part of a systematic plan by which the compromising of Abolitionists, affected insen- -AtHaaam sad Irsalnc—Thi present excitement is to be kept up, and the sibly to himself, the whole tone of his son'sbe called " a fool " withoutbreach circum- prolonga-ing to hear one of those Apostolic sermons, thefame of which had traveled across the Atlan-tic, went to the Church of the Puritans, and bom San FrandBcooftwo sections stimulated into a position of mu- far more comprehensive and catholic under- stancesand under the moat..j^- ellfpSMb^ Wdffit^'' lata PnMHuavM.unt HBS.TASSinorT's Diuuno tual distrust, hatred and hostility. It is a pure- slanding. Nor can the experience of a first-civility,i^mnO^Vk.BOCDOIB, Ho. 4U Bnadnr-^ATtru ly incendiary proceeding part of the same class Cambridge scholar, carrying prizes by " The next step our iEseulaplas takes la this case body of the chtircb. He had, however, scarce-pancore taokla, and wookt return to tbaHET—nnxa It Oa—Wokai'i Wbdis. XVBRTim—ITavsb'i bujA.scheme as the circulation of Abolition the speech-vrhalarIBIIIIiiraiTWIcover of ex- travagant regard for Southern institutions andand powerTtiir¥rr"" Pnnw- *0».1WWH11T1.—Sonthem States, all done underflaotiB task, performed, too, with a provoking tardi- ness toward the friends of the deceued, who arehis^tonisbmentofme Church members and informed that Ids—and of aes, letters and appeals to inaurrection in the petted by all the Whig leaders into prominence what hlB patient died oC This we consider a super-the public peace IThe facts which wetliis' «r Dineir-BoMBai * mmmn run- prick this bubble Tery effectually. Our tradehating been introdnced, Ur. Bsowir,«f IDhMppU vtMeadad to correct a report of oae«fUi ncaat speeches, in which he was made to sailing vessels were never more thoroughly oc- sages in the third and fourth volumes of his&c.These specimens of the article are probablysufficient to illustrate the quality of the Tri-«ere retarnlng from a (Uevlag anadWaalalIdec,."^slaveholder is kept in full commimionthe Hekilledsuofthair waniws,woo^admtmU-^.to the dignity of labor. The error corrected, and the basi- ( of eiioaaiog a Printer coming ap in order, Hr. JVa (ave-h^ reasons at length for not snpport-covered upward of forty bead of atoA.ezpieWioo derogatory mHistory will prove conclusively, to those Who All this shows that the laws of trade are need the proof, that he waa capable of control-ers. And our steamboats, express lines andaware;andcertainofthemosteffectivepas-cupied than at presentbune's jester.We concede the difficulties andpublishmorning' solutionIstobeattributedtotba directactioaofgentleman thereupondignantly left the church. This fact tiavingthe American Consnl, for refastaf to peilaaat daW.,with the South has not at all. In- great models, and wliich his example has tm- fallen offfaihas sSected the political parties in the North, and to gotinto thearmful,himselfcomfortably disposed, when,- --LATformedforhimselfontheleast ofthe worthyIMa, wtitas tnmiU'I «t WiuoaatM ARU na Wab."•AUUBT-Vo. Ml • Ca-Wma (Unra.'NE'WS OF THE DAY.I its attitude of maaterlf inac-I Senate, TaitaQs bills of secondary a business as ever with their Southern custom- cal theme. Of tliis he was tumself becoming nosis, though, of course, in the most modest manner,'' blame, but some of the Church. When a Sprlags, surprised a band of Apaehs.jgaMU the District of Ohio, which for tercourse with the ITorth, and Senator Ilisoir the great easaylst and keen critic would bronze embodiment of his type of humor this is the only church in the City whose Anti- from sertoas daiaaga. Tba loaa of'.'eitarXMialeturiiedtheveteranGioouas,ad- which,in his most active moments,he soabout$te,OI!0, bat Is earrwad byvfeSSFaat plm, demonsttattng the urgent has ostentatiously clothed himself in Virginia liave fairiy earned for himself a place much resembles. ButSlavery Drinciples and practice are Scriptural and consistent, must accept. We should think they would get somewhat confused by thiswere owned bv 'asm Nan, ^ tIS,MIO, alaocavered l>v Insarasee. K. W. Co., manafacturers of sUvar-plalad Wtat, ttt stock damsged by water to the aztiat afllQaa.'M^Hf«Cpnixatio(i,among the historians of civilization byregard for public ap- as well as for his own tmrelaxedbolldlngsthe impossibility of obtaining '''^anehrastat.uid pointing out therela- »aiid(tiitiM of majorities and minoritiesin the United Statesto the improvement of his personal appear-'araaMratiaDal•tnjHHttr he entered at some length. Mr. various sections of the South, some of it duet7S,400 ,;the Tribune's—would'bnteven- nirUi'li iI lij iiiiiiliiu that the House pro-audiences— especiallyprofit by the change. The Tribune does^iAaHnbata coDtforerting his p^ts;ent debt The main current of histhan cleric^ On remonstrated beinghomespunSenate, greatlypearant^a,school wliich Boluo- muscles, would suggest the propriety of re-master in thatItMHr^fMties in previous instances, he showed " foreign" States. There is also a great deal BBOKi so ably called the school of Philosophy, lievingbackwards and forwards ofbility, and be reminded somewhat of the storyof violenceBishoptire loss Is betweenaadpracticed uponSap^Mn waa repeatedly intermpited jiy Sonth- to mere brutality, some to business rivalry, and Babihotoh Macaulat no light or indiffer-much to a blind, panic-stricken resentment of^8MNb Abalitlaa CM*cMlaa to irtlM.^ed,&iwhichMr.Hioiataiivehementlydenounced cendiariesbothNorthandSouth. America,ranalwaysloyalto liberty, toright,:Soriten Bemoctata who did the bidding of the flflplli Mr. McCuKBABS, of Illinois, and Mr. SVraa; of Ybflnia, retorted upon Ur. Hiokmah,''Being domt, Ca good professional phrase,] how-going by the same perscms at Boffslo. Oaa tamim- Field Marshal?" So with the Pastor and adoptedingthat a dissolntion of the French will MinistryNow this picture of our clown rebuking hisUtter neraoBalities his head, and at the uponpresentmoment:beSlavery question, they eoogtatolata tha {rienda of tbs andavad tfei^Jaus Habjlab, at present one of the Sena-u ,tonIdCongressfromIowa,hasjustbeenre-The death of Lord Macaulat rounds with a thoughtlessly asserted, in a spirit of nnsympa- with commendable bewaanotin18S7. Wesubmitthatthisviolationof whenonecuriosityinquirestheSouthoftheBKiat owerful tfarougfaout p attsraaaaseieeted by the Legislature.the splendor statelyshow, thizing, abstract contemplation. On the con- tke of mtereottrae was not to be ofeonfidencee private pre- on whom rests the responsibility retaining against the Slave syttem, by OAiaisoa, Pmautw,ditions to transatlantic news already received. Than appears to be substantial reason for believ-of the lastPaiscoTT, Da TocQuiriLLa, HiniBoi.DT, Ibvino,full ofand quick to feel alike with the great emotionsto make out a case against the party he bad aban- doned."that of turning a poor block man out of hisAmerican AboliUonists are tendered to Jahss Oaaasai BasBsn, Esq., for so earnestly espousing ttaelr eaasa, and for the skiU with which be has filled hU calaaasSouth was never in a sounder condition thanthoughtspassioiu,aswe have aafter dinner facetlEe of Us quondam political friends, Church of the Puritans though professing to• th* Forrign port-folio to Count PaasiQirr. The one twelve-month's in the field of let- the reapingof freedom, and with neighbors Englishable, morderoBS, lasar*of the Emperor on the Pa- is understood to require this change.;rectkmsry norements,' pourtagtbao all ovar ttaThe Death of Blacaalar*entirely— separate and distinct parties,in tha Mcw.Tork BeraU tbay have IsBad -M safe and zealous medlua for the tzaaaadaaiaBmented,occoT at an earLy day. Count WALrwsKi resigning Di QuiKciT, seemed trophies rich enough for ofthe statesmen in whose career he readyear's proud necrology.ly genial organization,kindly impulses,growthters. But another name was to be added to the human beings about his daily walksScenes in Congress.When an Ohio member, Mr. HtrrcHixs, gave Sooth, as little molested as if they were sarmuas em.the side of theworld's one living1,hagandnipa4-ataoce,andananimateddiscussionresult- upon beexpected,heonlybecomesstupidandmen- " " AabosM.Powbu,NiBnaE.Hasiwassi,SsaaaB,Aa-i^MBtiDgendes. By the practice of both ance, by way of discouraging trade withgreatthe shittingresponsi-MinBT & eralotberssofferasU^tloaibyftamind, which has flowed through so many chan-im. V.has introduced us toScott had introduced tu to the costumes andewljr 4eTeioped policyJmI qneadooUs London Timet, in an able leader, treats the the shining list, and the writer who had been con- in the world. He left England and the prom- tle fictions with which it is disfigured? The as a reason why Congresslate of Italy as finally and happily determined, bythaaeeord established among the Western Pow-ers. Flam Cliina we have information that seemsto ecwuiteuance the rumor that the intervention of the greatest political convulsion of English his- provide for the future of his sisters. Thenight the fall of man by the ssteat doctors of dlvfaUy, at Iha publiealioBS of the Amerieaa Tract Sodaty.The q>eechcs have bean vstTUltia la Ibalr taaa, da- noundng both the Democratie aad the SapnbUeaBDUanesata Deaiacraile StateHB. IWnOLAS TBB CABDIDATB Ot TBI XJKHOBTHWBST.CBiJAae, Toasday, Jaa. IT.The Mmnesota Democratic Stale Conveatiait met at St Paul on Thursday for tbe porpoae of elect-to tbe Charlaetm ConventiiM. Rsfolutions were patsed IndorslBg Oa CladBBaM;the African Slave-trade;Harper's Ferry Insurrectioa, aad deolartag fori ufADoDOLAsastheirfisrt choicefortbaITbe resolutions instruct die Charleatoa dalsgataa lafirmed by the admiring applause of two conti-ising career of home politics, at a very early"a remark quoted by Mr. Ratmond to the effect that the Southern fanatics had never yetfailedattendants, heth« imiririii Minister had been sought by the Im- tory, and of defending the memory of the men studious, keen-eyed, faeavily-buUtj bachelor of to conmiit sonu outrage, which should rouse protracted sitUog, and temperspedd Court.Obi correspondent at the Bermudas, writing ontheSlatnit.,reportsthattheAmericanbrigHero,unvexedby justifiable provocation, members give way to the most undignified squabbles, and lavish names tliat elsewhere are challenges to mortal feud, it is easy to tmderstand that among cir- cumstances of so much greater aptitude for a quarrel, the upshot would quite likely be<nents in hisself-appointedtask ofillustratingage,for a long exile in India, that hemightwho settled the State the solid the Albany, the man of the world and of the English upon/oimdatioiu of Liberty and of law,sleepsnow Club, was full of all delicate andpublic feeling at the North and thus aid the gene- RepublicanParty. Ofcourse,Mr.Batxomd'sfioai Chaiieaton, bound to Liverpool, had put into with the heroes of his epic task. The historian rous sensibilities in the private relationsit wastoillustrate the steady, unwavering, persistency of the 'St. Oaw|tj, on the 18th ult., so badly damaged aa has become tiimself historical ere half his work of life. The caustic reviewer was the mostmentioning fiuiatics in acts ofofthings in it calculated to make men unhaM)7. But if there is anything more thorongly melan-HicxMAK.ofviting rose to make liis 'speech on the pending ques-more heart-rending than its fun and humor,—dealers,BisTurr, both doing bosineaain thethrust his hands into his pockets like a croco- dile, and burst into tears," so his facetiousness torso imitates the pleasing antica ef an ac-Dne firomotherBanks. .T.The world robatic elephant dancing the tight- rope.—vocacy of the claims of the gentlemen actuallyarrogant;-planned.and is over-pitiless often to those whom an the entrance of the negro minstrel hall in adverse fortune or their own neglect forbids to Broadway, ought to be planted before thenal,in which Mr. Raymond's refusal to beUftml^commonlywUlfully enough persists in preferring unchanging grin.onaoconntof the of toe Were ruined Hercuiee of Naples. IBut Lord MAOAtr- mains the same by day and night, through all;than to Southern and Western members. TheyLAT might well have asked for another and aless itself in the midst of the great street's for it was his ceaseless change. Fancy a man amusingorit to Iha Maiiaa^A*- ministraUon, alao Indorsing tba MaoOaaa at tfrom PennsylTania, passed tha Hooaa tfclB,4reason to hold a further lease of lifealwaysso ludicrous often, as to pro-higherand of his indefatigable penite and lastly, Mr. Pbtob, of Virginia, for-seasons and under all circumstancessive goodnesssuperioriiyatirlbotlag— marked by a breadth steel-trap jaws opening and shutting, as if bybefore the shipof tlus monumental production, cation, great and small—and quite as oftention, found in :noFMav-OBUsjiBi MaMUy,The stesmship Bmfirt brings Havaas ad- Cityportionsand which were full offoreign reputa^ do for their owntarn. M.to without as vritb, any provocatiun tho5e who waited anxiously to see thecepUon inclusive claim to the patronage public. Dr. CnaBviB has not, likegood augury advocate of a great English party becomeof the Britishtion of the country, as theyso vices of Uie 13tblnaL,battbetelsiioaawsof bsipaal-Lord Macadlat bad given his life forproduc- of the Tribune's lit- tle brorze joker is that be knows no differenceIt washed itself wholly and en-practical courage,study of political philosophy. He had filled re-After ayearhad beenspentsponsible positions in the llJc.®Uic. Parliamentary legislation,topics.stops him. What be cannot find he and as frequent bitter denunciations of those Hsnxsox, wbof« name is perfectly familiar here, aadBlecUaa af V. 8. Seaalar namMmmmo4ta. v.n Nb« Oausn, Tno«lay, {aa- »••ransacked the re- invents, and ignorancewith ansearch impoesible save to the patience of have resulted in flooring any less gifted orgenius, and a wealth of resultsbequeath^-w—• ^^..^--1^^-TjigThomas M. Tryniski 309 South 4th Street Fulton New York 13069www.fultonhistory.com:^£L£iussiSS^^character—one broad, grimythethe common late ofassumed exclusivegood-hectoring,at all.The great African humorist of the Tribune<as togivemor out of so ponderousBut oneclean thing." tirely of this sin.and"Why caimotMssim.i g«a4Ma»,laia 'IiKMiOMlftw vote for Speaker nva voce, and that he imaginary wrongs. But still the laws ef tradeirito'Aoald laceive the highest number of voices maintain their ascendancy, and put an effectual nels into the minds of the generation nowakiMldGadaclBiai elected. Points of order were check the efforts of disunionists and in- coming upon the stage of life in England and beUs and play at being serious. But, as might swear as Bishop evealng. Tbs qiaakers wars PabkbbItryat the end of hispro- with one whose sense oftractedWe believe the trade of New-Tork with the and to the supreme authority of reasoiL He dacious. Hear himaside hispropriety ":Jiimiiilintt* latter ehn^iuig him with falsehood. The> finally adjooraed without vote or action.certain sorrowfulIlie mails bv the Buropa fnnush interesting 'ad- upon which we have all of us so recently com- trary, Lord Macaulat was a man of essential- sumed of s sentleman, even as hard pushed as he was a elaveholder in full communion, and on whom Paskke, Dr. CaxuvMo, and others. The thaaka ct;one in seittiment on theand this,as sertoas declarations, and aims to km tticA mixurial'maintaininggrinUsbed.' When a doctor thus tailing as begias bybensmelest. Itcurred in the same church two Sabbaths whalemen's tapiUM,4M, Wtaao—taftainlyany ordinaryamonat ofsblnaeata.Arrivcd at Honololu, N«v. M^record.forgiveour— \Dee. 4, called taellp^.akl^a>"~and observe the elaborate;tion of this specific grindaahing young reviewer, Is to make a rott-nurr^m examination, and tall us ly got:off the lath.»before he had reached his tldrtiethyear, be considered exactly the most favorableearly training for the supreme bench ofHistory. we cannot hurry our Doctor, and must follow Um the church assigned to the blacks. The dis-attendant must take another seat in a part ofThe epecid literary style, too, which Uaoad- through his own ways. He says the cause of this dis- tinguished arose and in- lulu, were committed to priaa» Nav.ii,biroidarofanxiously awaiting the proceia of resuscitation. Butsailing.Eleven seamen fronthabeifcOarriuam, at 1the Abolitionists—to tba mannerwUch that actionCspL Rcsssu,papera, vis blssd OcU 30, aad lei t agabt on Iba aaOi—oU waO. deed, BO far as indicatlens at this eaiiy period bappily done so much to make popular ; a style, the manner In which it has been reslited bv the pelled to notice it, and last Sabbath evening, in B. T. NiCHois, late BtltiSk Coasal at WnaeHrla.maybe relied on, itpromisesto be larger andvigorousbut violentabruptin itstransitions,Southern Slates.* Now, it would appear anseemljr toreferringto it, said " it took l>efore the died on iMiaid tba ship Ptztmro, on romta tat Breast place The Hadtoo Bay CoeapaDV is aboot wuhdiawlagbetter than usual. Our hotels are quite as full over-charged with epithets, and fairly clamor- engage in a controversy over a dead twdy in respect services commenced, and the Pastor knew flKlr agency from the Saadwlek Islaarts, of the cause of his untimely end, slthough we pre- ^ AXizoaa.as ever of Southern guests. Our dry goods ous with antithesis, interfered very seriously sume It would be strictly profe«sioaaL We shall, nothing about it" Of conrae, he condemns itThe Arixommn, of tba SMk sOt, SQS AM Cat. merchants are doing as brisk and as profitable with the just development of Us great histori- therefore, merely dissent from the foregolog diag- But this time it is not the Pastor who is to Eixion,on the wonilng of tba 1Mb,than the efforts of and that ling his rhetorical love of verbal pomp and embarrassments of a kept clown. A profes- chtirch on account of his color. Dr. Chibvxband itsurprising if he should finally turn into thathim now and then.TrUiwn^s clown and Cooke's clown at Niblo's exchange duties for a week or two ? Bothever,partingword. Mr. Ratmosi)qaotestion tafers to the fact that Northara kss« aawipapanthe habits of our English fore&therstoo, not as it haa been often and rather agaiiut Ikt pmrtf whote volunteer exponent he waa in become1850, and whose candidate f'lr United States Senatorto performance laycapOh, I don't la sassisD bare yeatanlay and to-day,forconduct ia cer-with what are called treaaoaciats ofvoke laughter as well aa cause regret Thus gettingwe should never think of associating with per- atelyfalse.The ensuing scene'^eeds no de- It has been too frequent to need itPrrrssssoB, Pa., Tueaday, Jaa. ir.decrees in the of the Pitta* matterin the Cityin thisshort respectfightother Church such a marked ei-of thisgentle-LTLi :"Every maa Im* 4n»but, under the cimmtstances, probably no bet- dlArcnea with him as to Us ter could he fotmd.tfr asftodate wltb the North,—that our hotels Cbokzr, never wearied in reminding himselfare empty, oar ahipe rotting at the wliarves, and the worid. Inherited dogmatism with his makes noour Southern steamers nnemployed, our dry blood. The sharp constitutional aversion from ueatmeat of tte case, we aatniaUy coneloda tiiat he It would be hardly worth recalling at thaa haU Iba wiialen had gam ^mt,mLmmt tthat Us patient Is dead, bat that this Uttla dUIbranea particalar_.^ :ti,--SaadwiehbiadiataWM^ TiaaT-B«n PUfOULUNW— goods Berehanta deprlyed of their usoal South- an men of a different way of thinking which muit be a prodlgloos fellow, or—soiaatUag Oiat shall this time, but for an incident that oc- wereloraisn la the afriiy <Br |MiiaMa,ent^cer- ago. A diatinguished foreign gentleman wiaii-'from McKeetiwith his colored attendant took a seat in the Islsad,buUdlngs, with their coait8Bts,aie I public, whose aid is asked on the ground tliat stroyad. Tba soiroQadingtaryTTasA, Tamlsy was not A Convention of Oaniaon AboHtioolsta liasbya little shocked, he repliedem members had good-naturedly practiced interruptingthe nesota will upbold tbe CterlestoB aomlaae, wk»fromtimetotime,with less than theirgatesthe nae of. that emptiatic epithet of Aru«(^t<erte,when^Mr.wfajch otw cotemporary, with far-sighted ego- tion. Mr. HipxHAiT is not one of those whose Messrs. Bikohav, Jot ft Co., produce and wnai-Tribune's historical reference to Mr. Ratmokd rise mild and sedative of the Christian graces,and the United States Senatorship in 1857. rather to the level of bravalilo he is less Loasa anJ Dlicoiuts ;tism, seeks ploymentso^^eamestlybland soothe the soul of the listener, periodsandasd the bouse of Mesats. BiaoHa A grocerybreathe peace to the most belligerent His stylentsUiaiaat,:haa*hiscensures were sweepingandplay of violence.It is too much too askmen who do notit an ex- much for their dignity andThe One Is just as good as another. in weekly annotmcements of its principles, AxoTBia Foaaioa SroaniiAX.—Mr. CmAMim of Intsmperaaoa. _^.^__showa aof audacity whichpastor slaveholder.Dr. Chixtkb was awarecerrature we reca4vno man who can Ignore a fact, cal^omiUntitled Documentainlydegreedared not emuUte the ex-churches that Is Ineveiylwdy'apeculiarities:subsiding mildlyand an adjournment saving a dis-mouth at allample of the Church of the Puritans, rived here on a lyisg visit, partly upon (Mislnesa and Tbe Legislature of Iowa, jaitaidi«y;- jtatbetadthata personal friend andvcry^aU thisJiass HAkUB 0. 8. Seaatur.which occupiesthe biuinssswill Ifidleata the natnra ofwhtobHaft thaMfhalt,paasad]i•But,"saidtheman, inthedayofjudgment moBreDdHev.BbbuBGbbbs. Theattsadaaeawaswhich is to be punished, the Bishop or only moderate, Tha raaotauloas am alaaUBrtattnaseat on account of his color.'• "ungentlemanly"tainly the best joke of his whole performancebut is it not marred by one or two lit- slightlyrefrains from sessions, that fights would be their inevitableafter dinner facetia" of which it speaks, wasdoubtless told a calamitous truth.If in broad daylight, with nerves untried by a Parties for their subserrleacy to tba SUveiy (sole in objectI swear as Field MarshaL" ;na PnOaad .AAwMmtof See. T ITha dates fran ttaaciBbarS. Tba TtSl aaaaaawaa aboattmr. If.^ Orititm. fbrMew^Bedfoid; Utk,wbalaK HUw, (or Maa4s«-SaOed from Hoaolata, Nev. to 14,he was waited upon by one ford ;Mtb, stain /BMl>»iatfst, fsr TWtb, sUp Wt^tti, for Jarrls Island. Tha Alps loadtng oO ndbeoa at Bbalsa were aboai tUad aad waca op,oftba barkDr. Chixvsr felt com- vralba that the ship Ocean iteanss anfvad baaiisrChurch is excused, on the ground of ignorance, them,though the Pastor knows all at>out it When aaibola, a|M a^Flia ! Finaial»M« Pim.iiKsi.wgA, Taaaitay, Jam. IEpoor black is turned out of the body of theBAB,ti/Mt. •boned and all tbati tbelrcsmpCapital Stock$tSjmjttK ir;Taaaitg.for which it has become so number of citizens and the military. Hi» Inaivanliu[dBa-presumptaousand there is no reason to suppose that his man- Cbaxlxs B. Oldsb has jnat baati ineaAiailiifprovokinglynamed as a Senatorial candidate, with his ad- ner abated any of that demonstration of self- GoveriMref Naw-Jarsey, In'lka praseDce of alartaexhibiled none in the present instance.Feaaaylrula I«glalatai«. BAsaniBVBaB,Pa.,Toaaday,Jaa.;— asbisAAlistalTha «ats slaad Fra« BrawnavlBe. rvmrna.• —• a---'-.  --»..IIrfrilhiliirilififc.-«Bt»s.V»a