 1atthgIt was an inspiration.Then«rtmorning,whenIcameoctotfthelittle ahnuhaaeously,<«whydidB*wethinkofitbefor*if tobeanobleview. Wejwautedtoseetheview,to ys •'•••• ,>and sea, of woods and rocks, was already, with hi* lusks—u happy as a clam" being a prorerb on the customary ardor, in the service of science, attentivelyThere are seve.al of these, in one drill in of the Sierra Nevadas, while the steam-whistle^ is suffer jao longer, and tcill lake the.lata in their own.order to a^ord play for the rigid iron when hourlysoundingoftherecentlyerectedmill?, which hands. Thisnoticeistherefore given,thatattheenditstrikestbesolidrock. Theropeattachedtothedrill willsoonbegintheirstampingandcrushingoutorein offivedaysfrointhedatehereof,everynegro,ofeither \&thenfattenedfirmlytotheendofalongspriigpole. allthevariousdistricts GoldHill,aboutamilesouth, sex whoisnotbylawentitle!toaresidenceamong1fKOMPORTLAND TOMT.DESERT.—2Z." A chowder," w e echoed".Captain,"saidtheProfessortothePilot,"oauyou seealeo.thepeople,audiogetadrinkofwater forour CorrespondenceofTheN.T.Tribune.*jgbiBofthedoop,theaky was gray wto vn*r^oai, jght of dawn, and a few of ife* largeet st it» w*re yet ytsibte. Theairwwfreebandfragrant,a*<thewaterpower,andafeware drilling by this means. Occal Van,Bokkehti, fc. L S'orry, N.G.BUisdeUIt.TXttrxtter of land-birds, occasionaUy breakla^ Into song; •jfcSe overhead a couple of large sea-birds w ere *lowly trbeeSng ia eocentric.orbit, as they se&oned U»e depths ia warch of prey., I«too4~- Ao4w»tcfc»4 «ho pateM erf"the «de,• ^^b»Sj>teek/<>ck«»t&e.-^»»^b»>wi , /Rh0Q1 * ^ h T **,*"*<*** *«b« wde-A cool iiithtbrood-doWti^Und- A esucla% lo«t«r Hi tba b«y;Tb«tideju»tpU*hrdiifaMtonusd Aadvolc<«•oxmd«dftor»«raj.more 'n forty thousand."The Prof* seor, who had a rapid mathematical mind remarked ihat that l*ge figure must be only a figurt of speech, for to make forty thousand chowdersin sixty ytars would require an average of two a dayl,traveled over Pennsylvania" can form no idea of tbewildneesand beauty of its scenery, aud of tbe immensequantities of land sill in the poseeasiou of the nativeforests, and biddmg defiance to cultivation for ag*a tocoaae. North-western Pennsylvania, thoagh not boast- ration, 5-inch caa'-iren pipe is sunk into the well, and " Steamboa". Valley,'' about ten miles north of that ing of any high mountain peak or lofty range, is tl e oil drawn up is conveyed on rude trougha-or pipes city. Tbe»e sptiog* are highly.medicioai. and mairr brokenupbyinnumerablehillsandstream*,andbe- tovatsseveralhundredfeetdistant. Thisisdonefor .toobottohandle,butveryhandyforexiting,wash-Presently tbeotd Pilot came on deck, and, as he Sfled aad H^ted bis pipe, he scrutioized the sky, andHe went to work, and as we had salt pork, potatoes,and cnions on board, and plenty of " hard tack," oi the elder girl, whose manners were good, and her country, and a region inhabited by an intelligent indus- did not see one, as every, shed has-its sign of " N o of Utah its very approoriate name. Tbia part of the•*ff*e. It radeetocomeJm deck andseethesonr«e,Ifishedmorning sport- had given us good appetites, aud the tained, very justly, that she had seen no place so beau-Vats for receiving the oil and separating thejwater ports reaching here yesterday, coal in abuudaaes, are elected according to the yield Of the wells; bar- which, if correct makes our mineral resources of vastlythree or four |oands, though the fiih aometimee grows tcrgres* tax^ la 1807, on* was captured at Nevr- ledge, about 50 miles from where w e were now fish- ing, which weighed 107 pounds. T h e EDgH sh.which varies very little in appearaooe from tbe Ameri- can, does not seem to attain so great a size,:or Yarrell, in bis account] of Bri'ish fishes, says thtt tbe largest vodjo£ which he had ever heard weighed 60 pounds. A later writer, Dr. Hamilton, menioni one thatleast touch, however, will cause this efflorescence to drink. The answer was a decided negative—nothing suddenly•disappear. Thecreature moves principally' ofthekindwastobehadontheisland:by the aid of sucker-like feet, of which, in most speoleSjthere are five longitudinal rows. +,.&w%m?R^^^^^^^^^^^^P^^^^^^ '•-w~NEW-YORK. DAILY TRIBUNE, SATURDAY, SEPTEMBER 8,<hor in a channel, where w e had in ever r direction tance.' " Havo you got any fish ?" "Plenty. Do yoocharming v>ewk through long and liquid vstas edged with greetiislajads. It was also, "the Skifper said, a famousplacefor,fish.We got oat dur lines and had good luck, c»tcblngcod and haddock Irj-abundance, and also in lessc r quantity,•s•• :. I;-••.• •;weighed78pounds, and was upward of six feet In failtofindthere somevessel fresh from Swampscott,daughters, from milk-maids and country lassies, are the*harbor. Wehailedher,andaftershoutingfor nowheiressesoffortunes. Hege.tsacertainpropor-length. » r •These fish geueraHy dwell in water iron twenty tofifty fathoms deep, though sometimes the attraction ofa plentiful supply of food will bring- them; to shallow '" p l a c e s . T r e y a r e v o r a c i o u s , a n d w i l l , e a t a n y o f t h el„and certainly some one from Gloucester. W e anchored about the middle of tbe afternoon, among a small fleet cf schooners with whose crews our seamen were soon in deep conference t about persons and affairs on the n o r t h s h o r e o f M a s s a c h u s e t t s B a y .Leaving them to enjoy their gossip on' board of a quantities of mollusca and Crustacea. In iact the cod Swampcsott schooner, jeve rowed the dory into ais ^ e great collector of deep sea shells for .he natural- ists, many .of] the rarest specimens havie g been ob- tained from baa stomach.some time we saw the Skipper come on deck. He re- plied to our hail, but the distance was sach that his answer was unintelligible, and we could make nothing of his gesticulations. W e could see, however, thatttie d o r y w a s a b s e n t f r o m t h e s l o o p , a n d , a s n o o n e b u t t h e Skipper appeared on deck, could easily conjecture that the Professor had gone on one of those untimely expe-tion of all tbe oil derived from the wells on his land, and of courie be is at no expense. Hi* house, the only oneformiles before this excitement, is the stopping place for travelers and visitors, and every night it is crammed. Each room has four or five beds, and mat- treefes are spread over the loft floors. Mr. McC. is building a ne w house of ample dimensions, ho wever, in which to entertain company. The.cbarges are cer- tainly moderate", being only $3 a week for board.At thiB place is the appearance of a Californiaranch or settlement. A hundred or more roughboard shanties have been erected, and on everyside you will see the carpenters buey with baros,famous "Carson " Valley, and the scene of that great There must be a lack. of faith somewhere in this explorer after whom it is named; and our new city liesg smaller inhabitants of the ocean. They d< vour largevests.'•,GOLD REGION.w .AM&K!i: and .While he was filling the bucket I cmnbedovera to the huge rock that bounded on one side the jcove of theinspectingthebeachesin searchofspecimens ofna- tural history. The Assyrian, w h o was something of a naturalist himself, took the man of science by the hand, and led him to a great mass of rock, sloping down to tbe water, and t lickly covered with ali ny sea- weed. Thisplaceswarmedwithcrabs,andthePro-This pole ia secured at the outer end, some distance from the derrick. A springing motion is then given t'oand Devil's Gate, and Silver City, about four miles further south, are progres-dng rapidly ia the erection of mills and other appliances ft r the extraction of goldandus must not be found in the city, else he will be dealt with in a summary manner byTHE VIGILANCE COMMITTEE.party- Id ctii2 'to«»n!y p*-Joog*. 1;iais~a.d pro*ti- utage> iii^er* *feeu eoikit; >ni»g?yrrel*A ). ft.malt.' V.vJUVfcno* ia u-»*rlya e d t JBj- ni'.>rnn d*>»er-irotmd•—•• 1elame, and found bevond it a beautiful gravel beach, ' where I wa*vsoon busily engaged in picking up shells ofabrilliantyellowcolor. Bythetime hadfilledempty. The Assyrian looked at the Skipper, and the the smaller end of the pole from which the drill hangs, silver, of which there ia an inexhaustible supply for the EvantvUU, Ltd., Aug 28, 1860. >others no threw overboard. Nothwithst smding thisuc a b i n .countenance glowing partly with the rubbing he had givenit,andpartlywithdelightat thjnewidea," Let us have a chowderstime for supper. , Our steps were first directed to a respectable locking farm-hou*ewhichhadbeenineightfromthe.sloop, and had attracted our attention by its fine sitoatiou onchants." A t their office is kept a registir of daily ar- what again»t her. IM "..,.„I s a y , " h e e x c l a i m e d , l o o k i n g r ) o n ! w i t h ac l e a n m a g s . " •P.L.OIUIBUT(MiwoumBulhjiutf)AuiiiKr,li^,TiisTucu- VKHfor «»lt>.o r g a a , a n d i f n o t j B a t i s f a c t o T y t h e d r i l l 1B a g a i n r e s o r t e d r i v a l s , a r j d c o n B t q u e n t l y m a n y l a r g e o p e r a t i o n s a r e to. Tbe depth at which oil is found variea 'rom 30 feet coneuni'jiated there. Among the reotmt arrivals mat yT h e s t e a m i W p l t f a t a u z a s . f o r M a t a u s a s , s a l U f * » * PierNo.W,NorthRiver,to-day,XU%Ms•.?&&,make a chowder?" ' v TbeoldmanbadjustHghtedtbechipsinbisfurnaoe,supply of that element on the Helen had grown to heMEADVILLK, Pa., 8ept. 4,1860.eionally, horses are need, but at pre»eot it aopea-B thatTowns*,d, J. O. E&>1 Gen J„ Haven, B D?Risi*«.^30pechim. to ' ^ the b * f tooted riognlarly ooo and e fvar, ae fe and was doivn on his knees blowing tbem into a flame. on Jaquiss bad heated ua a little.iI havejustreturned from «vieittothesceneofper-E. Jodson, A. CW^mw), SgP**.JltL 5-^A6'-AJ. p.Carrigan, tTSl J'B*i'ey.iC?FGood-•<frank-looking girl of eighteen or thereabbats, arrayed in a drees distended by a single hoop, taken probably, as the Artist suggested, from some old barrel. The second damsel, several years younger than her sister, was reading, when w e entered, a volume which proved to be Robinson Crusoe, a hot inappropriate book. 'bat I've made a great many; and if yott like. I'll giv«youasgoodaoneasDanielWebsterhimselfevei ranforwatertothewell,whichstoodatsomedis-turnfdout." « '"should be. so treated, ho wever, and be eo grievously bored. There are now at least two thousand wells b*ing sunk, or in operation. Where pumps are in ope-•-»w'•Well, well," said the old man, " I didn't meanforty thousand exactly. I never kept oouut. on 'em; for such a aitpation.ioned aweep- W e eat down and had a little chat with -saidweshouldjhareahotday.Hetberbeganbis crackers,inlessthananhourweweresittinginfront languageexcellent.Shebadvisitedthe'maialaud,mining portion of.the Territory is very vduable for ft* water-courses fores*a of tree*, abundance of feed for animals, as also its lead and silver ores, and from ire-sted at the junction of the romantic Cassewago andFrench Creeke, has a wide reputation for its naturalbeauty, and for the cultivation and. refinement of its rels are filled as fast as they can be obtained, and sent greater value, by harir.g the mpans at band to smelttmoathe preparationsfotbreakJa«t,and,aftercailinjmjcom ofasfineachowderasonecouldwishtoeat.Ooi. andhadoncetraveledevenasfarasBoston,butmain-IE; deliv*. from the side of our vessel, and soon eaogltt fioanders chowdtr rapidly vanished, moch to tbe delight of the tiful as.her native island. She seemed folly to appre-md edited and ooo sufficient for oar morning meal. After that concoctor thertof, who was not a little proud of our ciate the romantic natural loveliness of her home, andas well as. crush. The accounts up to this evenimjr from the new mills just commencing work at " G*Id Hill" and " Devil's Gate'" are greatly elating holder* m claims in tbat direction, and will stimulate capltalistr to beaten the erection of sach in every district.We are as yet without law , save that of vittafao•fwug tbey ^ weU TMatched,.anditwillgohardwith the trfln»j?respor. Many accounts have gone fortk.thatVirginiaCityisveryunhealthy,whichwentirelyuntrue; and that the Water is bad, and fall of mineralron tbe banks of Oil-Creek. I cannot learn that this tlace. They now have a small one ia operation with * Our political atmosphere is'very much clouded, for© is free f Lindley Sep. aeaiddtor three aroals, ifB- Hereedatone >nd*rat*gf<>Dowe<I W. W e tve, if w ethe^el in *ight^ ; of .THE throughfions. fy. Bar- [herewho intothewalking wrience ?s,who; iot dowaivho have but w eIdouticile*. dk of a •attored,wse dispatched! w e went asfcore f^r a fare* fell look at appreciation of his culinary skill. W e had lighted our talked with discrimination of all/the characteristics of citizens. Here are located a flourishing college andHarps«ed PoiMauditsrcroamio groves of pine andeedarr and its stxtely oaks and maplts. On returning of what he persisted in calling lemonade, especiallyoff immediately by wagon to Union, thence by thethe scenery. ..'*"'.. theological school, and statistics show that th^ peopleBidding adieu to these damsels, we walked through peek information and diffuse it. by the fact thai the and Erie Railroad. All the oil yet obtained, withto the sloop, jwe made saO, and «err »>on glidingslowly onward with a gentle breeze that" a suroeJy ruf- Maine, when • suddenly w e heard a shout: "Slooppott-office does a much larger business than a n y placeof its size in the State. In politics, the couoty ones Jersey City, who have controlled the market.cigars, and the Assyrian was. brewing a mighty pitcherSunbury and Erie RdiLoad to Erie and the New-Yorksince we had got within the bounds of the State ofa grove of stately pines and then through cultivatedslight exceptions, has been bought by a firm ina>oy !" W e went on deck. A yacht, crowded with passing the grove w e me-t, a t the top of a long hill, afrom 700 to 800 majority for any Democratic candidatelican^ The sentiment of the people is very thoroughly cause tbe oil men to eeek other ohannela of communi-will. . Its head, when the animal is alarmed, is so con-cealed as to be almost imperceptible, but, if it be silence, evidently much perplexed to reconcile our red~*m9a bight near the shore, from which there could not fail THE OIL WELL8 OF PENN8YLVAN!A. Steam power U rapidly being introduced, all whoare •iz: D L W « « . 8 P . Dewey, J. G.Dow, W I t 1'pumpingoftmakingu>eofenginesofabout5-horse L«r;t,HetryB^ech,A.Dnprev,8.A.CbapicLJ.B*almosteverymanwantsto "potbiaownf>otintoit," bapa greater excitement than any other at present ia and jump himself "-rich. It is certaihly an iuaoceot oc- He looked up, with a ktrong degree of soom dspioted The view we found magnificent. The people—all our country, name)*, the oil region of Weatern Penn- cupation; and, in these dtys of "physical develop-prayed afitf eddied with the rasbing of. tb-« tide. T h e»k*eth£ ^tankislesee^medshadowyandspectralijthemom. onbi»honeetface. •'CanImakeachowder?"here- thatwere athome—eWieted of twoyoang ladies, sjlvinia;andIsupposesomeofyoar readers wijlbe.'>wj>u*sh-bis won-. TC bcver*ftronrtly. locidedly m Hi« is *wayvrrawly a *e Kansas IR a laun-j*ot her imagoof•eyes—nnc*d by a rt? baby 'bg tfist, and from the gtw«« on toe Poiat <UOM th* peated: "Well, I should think I could, I've mads both barefooted, and tbe oldest, a handsome, healthy,. interested in an account of it. Those'who have neversomewhatstale,andthedaywaswarm,andoarwalkstopped them—and after they had answered some in-quiries aa to the road, the Assyrian pulled out a quanti-ty of coppers which had been burning his pockets evergentlemen,jumpingintotheirskiff,weresoononboard•sinceheleftPortland,andwithimpressivegravitydis- ofTitusville,aninsignificantcollectionof,houses company,andareabouttoerectarefineryinthat placesupontheAmericanContioent.•&>wait some?"They answered with a joyful shout, and four of theAnti Slavery. 'Si uth-east of Meadville, 28 miles, is the Boroughcation. Some is now sent by tbe river to Pittsburgh. 8ome enterprising citizens of Meadville have formed abave been here over three months, a n d ,One of tbem proved to be an acquaintance of ourstributed them among the urcMc's.among our great American people there are al way* men^of every party. Even Mormomsm is here repre- eerted, b u t no one has ventured to bring more thattone wife to tbe vicinity of the ." Eastern Slope." Lour lines of emigrant wagons are daily winding their w a y along the loot of our mouaiaina; and, haggard and care-worn as manv of them look, the elasticity audhope of tbe strong Western farmer is such that but a fewdayssufficestomakehim,toallappearances,"•»•from Portland. Tbey had set out on a chowder ex-whitiog and bake. T h e whiting were em ill. none of cursion to Diamond Cove, and-had been fishing all th« rently so much money had never before been aaen onplace ever gained any reputation prior to last Sammer, when Col. Drake, who bad a farm about a mil* aod asuccessful results.The effect of this donation was prodigious. Appa- them more thaja a foot in length. Accor! ling to Dr. mon.ing, with scant luck. W e gave them fish enough Bailey's Island. The barefooted recipients, after oneBarrels, barrels', are the great want now , and half south of the village on the Creek, determined to much oil is lost daily by the scarcity of this article.Storer's Kepotk on the fishes' of Ma*sach »*etts, that whichoarfi*hHtntn callthewhitingisreallytheEu-for their choWder, and the Assyrian, whose hospitabledeepen his well.. Some say he thought h e would t r y 1$ get salt, and others that he was ready endeavoring to fiod oil, This article had be^n collected in small quan- titiesforreanyyearsonthebanksofthiscreek,andThence its name. In some p aoes we sav pits wheretre oil had been taken from tbe surface by blankets. Drake, however, bored down 69 feet, and was sor- prised'by finding a good supply of oil. He commenced pumping it out, at d found it an article worthy of at-We should think a good establishment of this kindwould pay large profits, as we only saw one in Titus-vide. Thebarrelsaresoldat$2apiece,andthereisinstinctshadkicdledopatthesightofvisitors,invited ropean hake; and that which tbsy call tie hake i»\ them into tbe cabin to partake of his favorite liquorreallydieBnjliahcodling. Th!sstatemettiscorrect as farasitgo«s,butyetthe real whiting j*found in American waers andon the coast of Neir-Englaad, thoagh perhaps .not as far south as fifsi BachasettsThese that wej now caught were the genuii te •bitinga batdsbme fiih, elegantly formed, the head aud upperpart of ti e body of a lrad color, and the «d<i»and bellywhite. Whea perfec ly fresh it is very;»weet andpalatable, the most deHcata, indeed, of om sea fishes,which, like the Chaplain in-" Jonathan Wild," he vw fond ofrecommending, as a wholesome beverageno where condemned in Scripture, and, as he added, no* contraband to Maine law so long as you called r lemonade.. H e gravely checked one of the strangeriair- ady.a demand for a thousand a day. T h e " Wil- tbe manner born."Ibms well," owned by Tanner aud Watson, runs from At prevent provisions, vegfltables, fruit and gams areOre hundred to one hundred and t wenty barrels of oil almost as cti^ap as in the interior of California, and for every twenty four hours. On Sunday, work is sus- an extra sum, the epicure can be satisfied in and withoagtrandamazed glanceattheiracquisitions,simulta- neously broke into a run,andaswe watched them scudoingdownthelongbill,weculdseeoneafter another darting into the lanes which led to their re- spectiveh-mea.eachanxioustodisplayhistreasuresto the admiring eyes of his family. 'A pretty long walk brought as to the store, near which was the house of th»> Principal Inhabitant of thewho inadvertently spoke of it as punch.Ascertaining that the people on the yacbt had nothing and magnificence, of whom we had heard much fromto drink on board but ale, the Assyrian insisted oi> our female friends at the farm-house. His abode waspended, and on Mondays the well yields water only. It reqni es almost a day's pumping to regain the condi- tion of Saturday as to the flow of oil. This well is 150 feet de*p. I t runs 68 barrels itself. - „occurred to swell the excitement, such as the oil burst-ing up through a hole drilled in tbe rock with great follows: Tooh>, $75; derrick, $20; diggiog above theis the fry of other fishee, bot it is extremely voracious veeetl, bearing with him the Bteaming oblation, toge- conversation, but found it rather difficulty He would ground. W e saw one of these welle (Chase d& Ald«ns), foot for 50 feet, and $2 12£ for 100 feet; t -tal for bor- and devours almost any kind of small soeUriah. I t getber with a dozen of our' best fish./ They received not answer a question directly, and spoke with most bu it only spouts occasionally, and the rest of the ing. $282 50; pump $125; total, $557 50. T..is is forall the elega* ces and superfluities of Delmouieo's. Ex- ertions are making for church and school-houses, aad already liberal donations have been made for eu-th pur- poses. Until a suitable church is eree'ed, Sunday r e - ligious services are performed in a Jarge lodging t*ni where sixtv to one hundred men, wocaen and'ctuldrea. meet together twice each Sabbath, to bow before Him who pro'ecte them ia their sojourn away from home andlovedones. If<heabovobeacceptable,perhaps you may agiin bear from A N O L D KNICKKKBOCKBBN. B . The resources of this part of Utah, will soost bp known to you Gotbamites, in a plan about to b e adopted, which if carried out will give more general aad greater information thancanpossilybe given by letter- writ era. A young and talented lawyer, H . C . Jones, is now collecting speciaaens, and proposes to" lenture throughout the Atlnotic coast during'the coning W h v tor. From lorg r» sidence and improved ooportunities, he is well qualified, both by education aud experience. to give many truthful and excijing accounts of-the gola an d.sil ver wonders of this newly-developed portion of *• U n c l e S a m ' s " f a r m . . *SAILING UNDER FALSE COLORS —Late on Thursday night Officer Stadey, of the" Fourth Ward, while oa duty in Cherry street arrested a personfor being drunk and disorderly. On taking his prisoner to the Station- Hduse he found that instead of having a drunken sailer,sending to them a pailful of his lemonade, with th««i«h- euccef s, and hundreds flocked in to see the won-derful discovery. A s others bored, different iacidentsialand, a re'ired sea captain, renowned for bis wealth tention. The news, spread, other .wells were boredsurrounded by ap de trees, aud the Principal inhabitantThe estimates given for boring, & c , are about asnousres-rLarrrarr•roadweUi schoolsafeir3nil«>sfromthescore. Itspriicipalfood accordinglyaccompanied'thestrangersbacktotheir ourreftpeotsinparsing,andendeavoredtoenterinto violence,andtoahightofabouttenfeetfromthe rock,at$1perfoot,50feet,$50;boring,$150perbutitesofinceBwillnotadmitof its beia#'kept long.It prefers a sandy bottom, and generally\ sWims in compliments of the Helen. The Skipper in ourdory himself was standing in front of it; and we paid himyou car* fr Hou**©>her edi-chaTch, iroximrfcy }l, almost with £jpiiringuhJcago. fcga can' a roinelsw« an<i papers e«nts |re takeu iat huge »f assur-coteu>ahiniffg lrnigrahf; S whichK»t seem Jrange ia sompleto J'store of pomp*, [auntaiafedinto „ bridled, ?sanSAh*>>rner, Hie • ^*h&.Co., dvely as athe Woci Bensiona ting corf- onwv l o t ,200, .the *r, who dy risea.and to ;k bujld-yod.'oa th*»left,' ; still, of them a »st cora-plajru? s e t , a n d !Luraria, wins;di- •ulldiogs -the an- y of the IB'd SOb- id when50 a n d it at $ S "KB»C1ark, office, Within,•rodactas of the . aurtured- iy1flowsir bank-iu*ine«8.* •}g«*g ia huge,',otw-IpwQ G. |d"part.» to,'ex-forty lortwoUnited! 4wimer aggiers ur, sit* yellow burn inoainers,, jd theirpeople (Antrall '% }'*t(Tri- rd: *ix it* arexpre*3J•o»eeU . |/. reare*the present with a cheer, arid making sail for Diamond axasparating slowness. H e had, besides, a queer babit time if is kept corked up. There is now no well run- a well of 200 feet. But,to tbis mu6t be added the ex-rescbee 'sometimes the weight four pounds.The hake is much larger than the whitiog and varies in size from tbjree pounds to thirty. One of! those thatCove, were soon out of sight among the iaiands. Shortly after their departure w e gotfunder way, andof always turning his back to us when he said any- thing. W e tried to circumvent, him in this, by dividing our forces and surrounding, him; bat he was-not soning spontaneously any length of time, one &\ Tidioate, which is the g eatestwonder of the region, did run for a while at the rate of a barrel (40) gallonp) per minute.pense of piping, repairs, incidentals, dec, making at least $1,000. Then the cost of tbe lease cf the laud, and the ritk run of boring perhaps 200 feet, and getting notbii g must be considered. Th8 • total expenses of aas the sloop began to move, the Professor threw ove>we captaxed weighed twelve pounds, and w<ts upward tbe dredge. In a few minutes it was full, and w**1 easily baffled. He walked to bis garden fenoe, and,This diecovery worked wonders on tbe bauk of theof three feet in leng h. The upper part of th e fish is of bauled it up, and found among the'contents several getting over, placed his back against it, and thus con- hitherto quiet and neglected oil creek. It flowed g< od well are calcuiut-d at $5 a day, or iocluding bar-a grsytsh brown; tbe lower part is somewt at lighter. •Groat quantities of hake are taken in Ma-> sachusettsrare shells, fine specimens of star-fishes, and, whattinued the conversation in his old attitude.rels, freight, &c , to New-York, $30; and if 10 barrels are obtained a t 40 cents a gallon, the receipts would b ewas then new to me, a number of sea onions and seaBay ourkg ti»e8ommer. Thejg arecaagbi, with the cucumbers. These last are living creatarea, denizens Bunsby opinions about the •cultivition of apple-treestbr« ugh a region of primitive nature, high and steephills oovtrecVwuh trees, lined each side and the farmswere few and far apart. The people seldom saw a- $160 in 24 hours..W e got little out of him, however, except some Jackhook on mm dy bouoms, and bite best at night. of ihe bottom of the sea, at considerable deptes. The and the assurance, given after a slow and oircumspect stranger, except the lumbermen oh their rafts, runningDoubtless there will be more failures than successes, for so many rush into the thing wiihont couotiog the cost, wuh iuexper ence i workmen and heavy outlays, with no calculation for accidents. .Good advice iaSometimes a tioglfc fisherman, after spen4io(; tbe night sea onion resembles a lsrge vegetable onion, cut in two observation of the sky, that a thunder-storm was in, *** baking,* as they call it, will come h me in the longitudinally; and the sea cucamber, in size, shape, coming up, and ti at it would probably rain within auand color, is so similar to its namesake of the land, thaithr. ugh io the^ times of fresnets to the Allegheny River,. and thence to Pittsburgh.morning with a boat load exceeding a tun in weight. When salted and prepared for market, t i e hake ishour. As our own meteorological observations cor- roborated this prophecy, w e turned" our. backs on tbew a stbepresentSimmer,andwedoubtverymuchwhether toloseeverydollarinvested. .•,'.'..Although Drake's wellcalled stockfis i. Those taken off Cape Cod are said to vinegar. It belongs in fact to the same family with back of the Principal Inhabitant aud proceeded to the August, '1859, the fever did not reach its hight till money in thi3 enterpriee without being able and willingbe the best. JThe cod is * o well known that any descri ption of it will f-eem Buperfiuoos, aod yet there must >e millions of persons in the interior of the United Scat* e to whom the fish is an utter stranger, except in ice dried andsalted condition. For inch readers, I will say that it has a lorg. smooth, and well-shaped body; the back is of a Hgbt olive green color, with numerous reddish or yellowish spots; the belly is dusky white. The color,the trepang, of which many species are eaten by th»Chinese, who employ it in the preparation of nutrition*soups, in common with an esculent' seaweed, shurk'tfins, edible birds'nests, and other materials afinrdinpmuch jelly. The length of the sea cuoumber u fromfour to eight inches, but it posseesea the power, withkce>tain limits of extending or contracting its body atstore. •It was a square wooden building,' painted white on one side, red on another, blue on a third, and yellow on a fourth, and contained a little, apparently, of every-aas he at first supposed, he had a female, in male attire. Shegavehernameas Ellen Smith; said shewaa23 T. e whole thing is so new and the supply of oil has- yeareof age, and a native of Ireland. According t awe were almost tempted to slice it up and t ' y it witfcgiven by a Titusville paper thai no one should expeadthing on tbe earth or "beneath the earth. W e made perfectly sanguine, declaring that there is no invest-been so great that difficulty is experiencedin bringing it into use, and time will be required for this purpose. It is claimed tha«.-*t has the following uses: 1. As a medical agent in appli'a'ious to barns, bruises, sprains; tlso, for Juig complaints, colds, rheumatism, dec. 2. For greasing wool: 3. For preparing paints. 4. Aa an illominator. 5. For generating steam. 6. As a lubricator. Ifitanswerswellforonlypartofthese its utility will be evident. ,her own story, Ellen intended to ship as a sailor oa board a vessel bound for a foreign port, but that wao all a fabrication, as she has nightly paraded herself in the public streets of the Fourth Ward for some ti«e past. Ellen, after lodging in the Station-House over night, was arraigned before Justice Welsh the follow- ing morning. Sbecame swaggering up to the magis- trate'sd»Bkinadevilmay-caremanner,drees«dinared shirt, cut-away coat, snuff-colored pants, and a sailor'sour purchajbes under the scrutiny of three or four of tbe islanders, w h o eyed ua attentively, in profoundment in the world equal to it in yielding a speedy and hands me return. Tbe oily material expense is th* purchase or lease of a site,,and of course this i-i dailyplacedinabucketoisea-water,andleftawhileundis-.shirtsandfish-stainedtrowsers,withsomethinginour incroas'nginthemostfavoredlocaliies. Effortshave turbed, the head will he gradually protruded and ex- appearance.and speech that was not exactly incon- proved succeceful at cotsiderable distances apart, good panded, until it assumes the appearance of a beautiful gruity with such garb. The Assyrian, whose long productive wells being in operation 30 miles from eachOther. •.'•"''•From Titusville to the mouth, of Oil Creek the roadis -very hilly, and cat up by the heavy wagons which pass daily over it with barrels of oil. In Winter this road will be impassable unless much'improved. Wnai; ie called the center of tbe oil region.ia at McClintocks-however,ofsomeindividualsisabeautifulprightred,while others are of a lemon yellow, and otiers againwill be found mtirely gray, without spots. The gen-eralrunofoo<areabouttwofeetinlengh,mdweigh flower, generally of a brilliantrose color. The fromthesespectators,andaakedifhehadanythingtoThe political campaign hai just fairly commenced hat. Herhair was cutshort, giving her a boyish ap- here. On Saturday, Sept. 1, there was a Republican pearance. Tbe officer preferred a charge of vagrancy mass meeting for Crawford county, in Meadville. It againft Lis prisoner, and the evidence tend:ng .to sus- was addressed by Col. Curtin the candidate for Gov- tain the complaint, the magistrate sent her to the Peui]ernor, and Mr. Coffee, a lawyer of Philadelphia^ tent'ary for' six months. During the examination the)Nearly every township was represented, and the meet- prisoner was very uncommunicative and refused to •ing was large and spirited. A tall pole was erected answer most ofthe quesionspropounded to herby theAs the Pilot and Skipper wished for news for home, we dire«4ed onr course to Herring Gut, an anohorage between Bailey's Island and Jaquiss, which, as it communicates directly and easily with the ocean, is much frequented b y fiaoermen, a n d w e could hardly• W e departed with a realizing sense of the'effidency of the Maine law, and made the best of our way to Mackerel Cove, where w e arrived considerably afterville, twelve miles from Titusville, and nine from with the lames of Lincoln, Hamlin, and Curtin flang Court Clerk.charming little nook on the rocky shore of Jaquiss,and landed to explore the island. It proved to be aperfect gem of the sea, and fit to be the habitation of Here was a predicament. But there was no help•THEWASHOECalypso or of Prospero and his daugher. Like many for it. W e lighted our cigars, and, tired as we were, of thwe islands of Casco Bay, it has long been used ae paced up and down the beach to keep ourselves warm,- • VmoiNiA CITY, Utah> Aug. 19, 1860. . pursued the car to Sixty-first street, where the alleged After a residence in CaUforniafor nearlyeleven years, burglar again took to his legs, but this time he wasI find myself again " a wanderer," and agaia now taken prisoner. Wilson was taken before Justiceamong the " pioneers," in " a strange land," surr Brownell, and, locked up for trial in default of $1,599 rounded with all the evidences of a second California bail.The cod is unknown in the Mediterrai ean, but itswarms in the] Atlantic north-of latitude 40', becomingmore abundant and larger in size as you go toward the a pasture for sheep, and to protect the flocks from the forit was raining hard, andthe air bad, become chilly.Arctic Seas. Immense quantities are cat ght on the wind, a thick belt of the original forest of evergreen* at length, as it was growing dark ,we dimly saw atsheds, and houses of every description, the idea•ooaets of Norway, and en those of Greenh md, bat the great cod fiebi>g-ground of the world ia the banks of Newfoundland. They seek their food near the bot- tom, and are therefore always taken with lines, and not with nets. They will bite at almost any bait, but ourfishermengenerallytemptthemwiJh.dlama.•has been left growing all around the shore. These the mouth of the cove the returning boat. It grewpredominant, however, to do nothing permement. mountain mining life! This por.ion of Utah is thetrees, pines, cedars, firs, hemlocks, and spruces, kept sacred from'the axe, and permitted to grow at their own sweet will, bent only by the storms of ocean, are as wildly picturesque as poet or artist could desire The sheltered interior was a meadow,interspersed with copsesandclumpsofoaksandmaples,-someofthemdark so fast tbat w6 lost sight of her before she gaiued the sloop, but after the Professor got on board, the Skipper took the place of the Pilot, and, guided by our shouts, came for us.Inexplanationoftheabsenceoftheboathesaidthe Professor; had been " scowbanging'N—a term new'toARREST OF A BURGLAR.—The residence of Mr._ Thomas Howard, in Eigh y-eecond street, between tbeT Third and Fourth avenue, was entered Wednesday af*$v,..'.*..• l'4»T,JThecodfieheryof the United States employs 2 000 of g eat size. N.o house or barn, or sign of human oc-vessels, and about 10.000 men, and iscarriejd on almo t cupancy, broke the sylvan solitude of the island, whior us. It meant that as the Helen sailed into the Mack-I •exclusively froin New-England. The "vleseels gen- was not. marred even by a fence, the incircling sea con- erel Cove, she passed a school of the fish from which erally used » e schooners of about 80 thus harden. fining tbe sheep more securely than a wall. A pond in the harbor derives ite name, and the Professor, whoAbout thirty scUlions of fish are annually {taken, and the center, fed by springs and garlanded by lilies, gavewas peculiarly fond of mackerel fishing, had taken the Pilotand.thedory,assoonaathesloopcametoanchor, and had gone in pursuit—the chase of mackerel with aboatbeingcalledbythefishermen,"scow-banging." Tbeybadcaughtplenty,andbythetimewegotonboard andbadchangedourwetclothesfordryones,thePilotDuringthe""dryseason,"ofabout.fivemonths,we have delightful weather, and at times very warm; but withbracingnightair,sorefreshingforrestaudsleCp,ingtheirmovementshewassoonupontheirtrack. Alter a long chase down Lexi< gton avenue the officer succeeded in arresdog onero the thieves who give his nameasJamesWilson.! Theother fellowmadstheirvaluewhendriedandsaltedis$2,000,000. TheFrench oodfisbery at Newfoundland is as productive :astheAmerican,andemploysaboutasmanymen,butthe animals drink. Fromthesummitoftheislandtheviewwassuperb,wantedisagoodstore—thereisnonejnowthere. Laborers receive from $26 to $?0 per motth. From McClintock'stoFranklinoneisneverout ofsightofthevessels-useelaregenerallythreetimesaslarge,and embracingononesidetheoceandottedwithsails,andthe"peculiarinstitution" ofthisregion,viz:"the wedonotmindthewarmth,ofthemidday. Oarcity, bisescape. Itisimpossibletotellwhatamountcd"Skipper,"hesaid,,"Iamwettothebones—noth- enthusiasm broke out in random citations from The ing will dry me but whisky. Let ushave some lem-TheAssyrianwasenrapturedwithJaquiss,audhiiTempest: " How lush and lusty the grass looks 1 how onade." '>-<# TtlV%i •The Skipper opened the locker in which^tite lemons were k«pt, and, after rummaging for-some time, de- clared that the lemons were all gone^—the last had been used in making that pail of punch for our friends of theyacht.The Assyrian growled a little a t this announcement,This last line was addressed to the Professor of but at length said: " Well, well, never mind, we mustgreen !" he cried in the words of old Gonzalo. And then, following CaKban:••nirfjowtftee ,Kvcry fertile Inch of the iA*ni;I'll •bow th** the t>e»t ipringa; Pll pluck thee borne*; I'll hah for thee— ,Iprjtheeletmebringtheewherecrabsgrow!edge or point attached to a long iron bar or rod of 3inches diameter. Thisbar is firmly screwed to anotherin which the eis a flat link or " jar" as it is termed.ibh the world, and eventually outstrip California in her golden wealth.Every day pack trains of mules, laden -wi'-b rock from these mines, are passingtowardthe western slopecenerally, Evansville is being overrun and cursed b y the worst class of this lazy, worthless, oruuken, and thievina race, and to such an extent that those who have suffered fi om their bad conduct are resolved toMarine Zoology, who, heedless of the beauties of skydo without lemons. Whisky and hot water and sugar make a very good drink; let us have the whisky."TheSkipperslowlyproducedthejag,andIsawbyhiscountenancethatsomethingwasthematter. Hesaid nothing, however, but handed the vessel to theAssyrian, who placed a tumbler before him, and beganto turn the jug upside down. Nothing came; it was• •.Skipper looked at Mm. They understood each other without Bpeaking. The whisky had not given out solelyinconsequenceofour'liberalitytothepeopleof the yacht. During our absence ashore, the Skipper had been entertaining some of his Swampscott or Cape Ann friends. His hospitality was pardonable, perhaps commendable,buttheconsequence,atthatparticular timeandplace,,wasratherdisagreeable. "Skipper," saidtheAssyrian,afterhehadforsometimecontem- plated that individual's physiognomy, " what is thedirected him to take the sloop roundto'Mackerel Cove,AbrilliantideasuddenlystrucktbeAsiyrianashe aharboronthatsideoftheislandtowardwhichwo aesoonasitislightto-morrow. Andnow,Skipper, tobringoutthewater,earth,&c.Thecontents'ofmy hat with these,the Pilot had obtained suBncient bait, fessor, whom much practice had made singularly ex- gadrecalledbybisshout,Irejtdnedhim,andweroH-pertincatchingthesecreatures,soonpulledoutofitsby various expedients. The simplest is by having a gentine, Steamboat. Galina, Castle, Sullivan, and Eagle str*porropesuspendedfrom it,,with a step-pieceat districts,arealsoanyewithhundreoeofeagerprospec- tbebottom,ipwhichtwomaneachplaceafoot.By. tors;andthousandsuponthousandsoffeetofclaixaskicking outward and downward a little, the pole comesdown, and the natural spring throws i t back to its.tnrned tothesloop, wherethe fishing was resumed with such luck that by dinner time we had captured more than a hundred fish of a large size.recessesasmanyaeitwasconvenient forustocarry. We returned te the sloop, and putting the Professor and his prey on board, w e left him to study the crabiarebeingdeveloped,thatwill,daringthenextyearortwo, produce millions^ of dollars worth of gold, silver,lead, copper, aB also almost eve^y other_ downptian orearth's riches. Capitalists are quietly investing large taining t h e New-Y ork associations were passing from,Wenewthoughtittimetostop.ThePilotover- athisleisure,andwenttoBailey'sIsland,towhichhauled our pile, and as he handled each fish in its turn we were rowed by the Skipper, who had finished his he'putsomeasideonthedeckforpreserration,and gossipandcameaboardinourabsence.wants for several days, andthe gkippei said that tobeattheotherend,inordertopurchasesomething* after dinnerhe wouldsalt themfor use a case we weneeded. Wetherefore,onpartingwiththeSkipper,turning it, to vary the 'side on which it strikes, and to producearoundhole.Seme have a hinged platform conhecied with the spring-pole,andtwomentramponthisallday. As the hole is made, the drill is lowered,' and at frequent(Mons. Laur) is busily at work Becurn>j property, or I cesBant firing ;md cheering, aud when at Commerce-obtaining.euchinformationaswillwaronbtheinvest- Btreetcreeeing,oneofthepartyonthecarsveryoare- mentofFrenchcapital. ,. . lewdyfiredhispistoltowardagroupofcoloredPf»<«»Our business houses are verv extensive, as it re- who were gathered on the sidewalk. The ball frpnj quireslargestocksofgoodstoboonhandwhenthe thepiatol-struckacoloredwomannamedMrs.JJauaxnsnowsmakethe roadsoverthe mountainsimoas'sable. the neck, inflictin?awound of the most daogeroue Among those recently located here ia Atwill do Co., character, the ball lodging «*mewh.ei? j £ tSa'w^ud formerly in the muflio busineaa on Broadway, but for Medical aid WSBimmediately ptocured and the wouua the patt ten year.s in busineea in San Francisco. They exarXd, but the ball coulS not be ffifcjfc havenowestablishedalargehocBeforagencyfor svomanappearedverycomfortable «»JW*£SSiBailey'sIslandbeing severalmileslong, wedeter-siftingout,enoughremainedtomorethansupplyour minedtoexploreit,andvisitastorewhichwassaid nearestlargetownonourcourseeastward?" "Booth-WpJkhad made him drouthy, drew the storekeeper asidesunset. The thunder-storm had begun, and the rain Franklin. Hamilton McClintock, the fortunate pos-was already falling. W e were very tired and hungry, - and anxious to get on board tbe Helen, whose siagla mast and graceful hull were visible in the middle ofto the breeze. The ladies of the town had made a flag, serBorof several hundred acres of fand, has suddenly the largest one ever seen in this section. The Repub-BURGLAARY IN ElGHTY-THIRD STREET—•PURStrrTAND CAPTURE.—A young follow, 21 years of age, giv- ing hie same as James Wilson, as charged, on Thurs- dayafternoonforcedanentrancetothe.residenceof Mr. Thomas Howard in Eighty-thirdrstreet, between Third and Fourth avenues. While in the house the burglar was discovered by Officer Murphy of the Twenty-third Precinct, when he dashed through a rear door into the yard, and, scaling a fence, escaped into Eighty third street. Wilson ran several blocks, pur- sued by the officer, and jumping into a Third-avenae car, left for the lower part of the city; Not to lose his man, the officer procured a horse and carriage, andditions to which he was addicted, and had taken the Pilot with him.Correspondence of The N. Y. Tribune.-consequentlyfewerinnumber. ontheother,acrossthelittleroadstead whereourves-sellayamioitskindredcraft,thepleasantgroveeaudfer placedonthesupper-tableaheapofdeliciousbroiled oneinhisgarden. TheHooverwellamileSouthof houses,ofstone,brick,wood,andcloth!andthenum- turnofthefamily. UponthepersonofWilsonwasOur fishing Jvas at length i rterrupted bjj a circum til$ fields of Bailey's Island, and beyond, the far- mackerel. W e. fell to with avidity, but the Assyrianstance in itotlfj indicative of succeee—we had used up stretching peniJisulas of Harpflwell, and the counties*turned with disdain from the mug of tea whioh the Skipper sot before him.ail our bait. The Pilot, in whom our unusual luck seemeo" to have aroused bis dormant love of the pursuit towhichheliaddevotedsomanyyears,seizingaapade and bucket, jamped into the dory, into which I followed him, and rowed to the nearest island. W e walked across a cornfield to the other side, where a broad, muddy shore spread its blackness ibefore us— the tide having left it bare and weltering 1 or many a rood. There were no traces to » y eyee of dams, and in fact nothing was visible but black mud mixed with sandenoughtomake it suffidently firm »bear our'footetepe. But the Pilot at a glance ae]ected a spot where, on digging, we disclosed a bed of lappy mol-Lulee of the bay.bay." "How far is it?" "Fifty or sixty miles."." Can we get lemons there ?" " Certainly." " And intervals it is elevated by the derrick entirely out of thecaught nothing on the morrow. ywaswipinghisfaceafterwashingitonthjitopofthe proposedtowalk,andbereadytotakeusonboardiii getouthalfadozenbottlesofale,andletuahayp,gome thisvesselarescrutinizedclosely,forindicationsofoil "mines,TG»\estate,auctioneers,andcommissionmer- andmaypossiblyrecover,butthecbanoeaaresome-Whisky t" " Very likely." '' Make sail for Boothbv.y opening, and what is called a "sand-pump" is loweredopenedit has now attained it. Indeed, at no former time have so many adventurer* been flocking into " this promised land," and every day several new wells are com-' menced. . Those who have oored and are at work arebecome worth his hundred thousand dollars—and hislican Wide-Awakes, embracing nearly all the yoaog imh here, had a fine procession in the evening. The fires ore kindling, and everything indicates that the R e publican majorities in. Northern Pennsylvania will ex- ceed any heretofore given.The whole of Augusfr has been clear and delightful, and the fanners are rejoicing over unprecedented har-?X5j# 1Tbey received us cordially, and tbe youngest girl tancefromthehouse,andwasworkedbyanold-fash-ofFrenchCreekorVenangoRiverhisalwaysbeendownbyanaccidentalspark.'.Wenoticedparticularlystantaction.Tbeconstantroarofhiddenwaterisfif-fields on the "road toward the store. Shortly afterfled the water. 'A t the end of an hoar, ihe br«eze,faintasitwas,grew,fHiaierstOl,andwscsmetoan-' ladiesandgentlemen,waslyingwithinhailingdis- bevyofchildrencominghomefromschool.We isnowsureforLOGOor1.200majorityforanyRepub- the increase of the trade, will undoubtedlyi ament," why should not our young men develop theirLarge sums of mone-v are beug expended tnoneniojrunderstandi*ps by sohoalfhful and inspiring an em- neTMw *nd top^gPld r a<?a in evS^irectioT^3routes, gtvIng to p r , , ° 7 R "Sierras" la six ntes for pleasure or burfaoeois hot sprioo ating, ccc Many oftbem, however, areeoteupdate as tween theee lie lovely and fertile valleys differing safety, as tbe oil in its natural state ia highly inflam- tQafford d<iicion« bathing, while fie "breathing,"' ornoted, and here may be seen farms equal to any ia Che tbat cigars and pipes were at a discount; indeed we teen to thirty feet under ground, aud the essape of ftenro fromscores of breahmg holes gives to that p w t• -/•ploymentaskicking? Alas!thatpoorMother Eirth alreandoy tne_stages rua owr the.-««.<«,..*.<,„»greatly in width and accepsi'ulity. Among these, that mable, and eeveral establishments; have been burned rising and receding spring incites wonder by Its con-trious and thrifty community.Meadville,' county e'eat of Crawford County, ettu-smoking allowed here." the Utmost caution. . ;Fire has to be handled withThe opening of'new wells daily, ,however, andoil bufiness or people would build more endur-ing structures, and those better adaptad-for the Winterblasts. All are making haste to be rich, aud the wholeaffairissono*el,andstartling,andbewilderingthatwe cannot blame the oil-seekers much for their hurry its peak and placing .his handkerchief on a staff for a still absent in country. Officer Murpiy, of the to get into tbe ground or to ' strike a vein,' W e signal.' This mountain is over 7,000 feet above the Twe? ry-tbird Ward, while,passing the hot se n -ticlng should think if the fapply of oil continues, there must level of the sea, and we are about 1,000 feet lower; the window was slightly open, tried the front doors be a flouriebing town here,.and that mechanics of all consequently you can judge how clear and light the and by doing so alarmed the thieves, who fled over the kinds woold find employment.. What is said to be atmosphere is here during the Summer months. fences in the rear ioto Eighty-third street. Anticipat-to400,theaverageatMcCliatock'sbeing150feet,xiame^,Wellknownon'Wallstreetcanberecognized,t'X )\Untitled Document•/surrounded by mountains and ravines to be counted byscores from our door. Directly above us rises Mount 'Hernoon by a couple of burglirs, who gaiood admission1l" Waehoe," more recently named Mount "Davidwon,"fromthefactofagentlemanbythatnameaslending do-wB. Thehousewasuninhabited,thefamilybeingf iderrick," andinthelattertowneverymanalmosthas only about a year "old,now contains over1,000 property hasbeen stolen fromthehouseuntilthere- Eranklin on tbe Allegheny river is one of the, best ber of its inhabitants, including many fatones, with found a few trinkets which had evidently been stolenscores of children, must be near 4,000. This includes from the premises. ' yet opened, and this encourages everybody to bore the hundreds of visitors that are daily flocking in fromaway. '..•, all parts of California. WARNING TO FREE NEGROES AT EVANSVILLK. IN - Theapparatusforboringisverysimple. Aderrick Someyearsagoafewstrugglingprospectorsforgold DIANA.—Thefollowinghandbillhasbeenpostedin is erected,, consisting of four timbers from 30. to were scraping and digging for placer diggings, ia the Evansville, Ind. W e have no other information thaa40 feet, connected with framing 10 feet square at the ravines thbt run at the foot of many of the hills aud it conta\ns concerning the formation of a Vigilance mountains tbat form the great basin in which our val-basefcnda iout 4 or 54at tbe top. Most of these are ley ia located, when; by pure accident, the firstindica- Committee at that place; • ..bca ded on the outside, but many are open except at tions of silver were discovered, and at that point w<s Notice to Free Negroes.—The laws of Indiana pro- the bottom. At. the top is a pulley over which a stout! marked out the wonderful Comstock Ledge, on which vide that after a certain date no Free Negro shall emi- rope runs, one end of which is attached to the drill and the Ophir, Mexican, California, Central, Spanish, grate to thib State. Other cities aud towns ia IndianaGouk and Carry, and many others are now producing are exixdnhK the negroes from among them, and owing the other lb a winolass. The drill consists of a steel tbe glittering tilver ore, that ie, or will assist, to as.oa- to the laxiiy exhibited by our authorities aud citizensnexthundredyears,ifnotlonger.FloweryDistrict^Ar- •i m , ~»—— •THE. AMERICAN PROTESTANT ASSOCIATION CKL»- RRATION.—The anniversary celebrationot thisAsso- ciationoccurredinNewarkonWednesday. The members are of the Protestant faith,and composed chiefly of Irishmen, although Germans and Americana, of kindred sentiments.are admitted. As the cars con-original position, thus moving the drill up and down ashortdhtance. Amanstandsbythedrill,constantly amounts'andanagentfromtheFrenchGovernment theMarket-streetDepot,thememberskeptupauin-E2S??ir1 ^-1 ftJWS°5? doctors that have rushed up he*e, testify that, Virginia City is one of the most healthyto the premises by prying open one of the front win*.a,,.% .-• 'i•.<£&§&• ••• *••<•'..' **f ,'.«'*>•". " * * * I * J — » ~"'..,. >*,*;,>...*:-'/*,.Thomas M. Tryniski 309 South 4th Street Fulton New York 13069me;„X. . -,*-..-** - y • * « . . •'f,F***C?•./ •/ w<www.fultonhistory.com 