 &i?aThemenwhosellthemedalssaytheysoldtwo During the day w e took a drive around the lodges at Government House, the suite at the:Rossin Douglas demonstration. The current sets invinciblyv;climates entice the farmer to Iowa, Missouri, preferred day-travel on the Grand Trunk—monok and warns the American «public against cpntributing money to the persons named, which will go into theirP"It{'idential election.A VOICE FROM KENTUCKY.To theEditor of TheN. Y. Tribune.E." The American people are beset with pestilence and'famine. The Black locusts of the North threaten toconeume the last fructifying germ of that frigid clime.The clear and limpid fountains of Southern vitalityhave been poisoned by assassin hands; and the chan-nels which once marked a living pathway to the ocean ed1 in 1851. One of the proprietors of the p«.per, to of nationality, has been slogged with the debris of whom Mr. Webber, m y husband, applied, would onlyf. I j *speak eloquently and well, but never have w e hojird himmake,amoreeffective efl'ort,itbeingrepletewith clear and convincing argument; and interspersedwith those senii-occasional hits of wit and invective, forwhich the Governor is sojustly celebrated. All seemed perfectly satisfied with it, and sent up at its conclusionfineandthin,coveredwithpinkedflounce*of^esame. A high, full body, with a ruche round th« throat. A wide scarf of white silk, with fringed «na» roundthe waist,fastened in a bow at the *#•**» ^kichwasjiCorrespondenceofTheN.Y.Tribune.ALLENTOWN, P a , A ug. 17, 1860.Thepeopleoftheregion oftheValley oftheLe- highareatlastawaking toa propersenseoftheim- portance of the issues that engage the attention of the publicmindatthepresentPresidentialcampaign.Men cannot forever remain indifferent to great po- litical convulsions, and even the reserved and over- careful German element that characterizes this seetion of Pennsylvania, has at last succumbed. Lehigh Coun- ty, so long the unwavering stronghold of Democracy,Hamlin." '; —Inthefollowing letter Gov.Penningtondeclinesbeing a candidate for reelection to Congress: "TotheOppositionElectorsoftheFifth CongressionalDistrict. "A custom has so long obtained among us to con-tinueaRepresentativefortwoterms,that?itmaybe, some per£on8 are resting under the impression that m y name will be again presented for their suffrages at the coming election. I deem it my duty to avoid any sucb conclusion, by declaring to you m y purpose not to be a candidate for reelection. This has always been m y de- termination, and as far as practicable, made known toI—whenthesoilofoneStateis exhausted,itmustmovetoanewone.- "Buthow longcanthispro- stunnedwiththeSharp reverberationsoftheiron** cess be carried on V I asked: " After a century tube—-Jive and a half, and you emerge into day-*' or two, when there is no more new soil left, light. Montreal, where you made your plunge, for them to prosecute their mission with the objectsmen. Thefarmer,theminer,theday-laborer,theme- t "Newark,MJ.,Aug.20,1860."- *•WM. PENNINGTON.TRAVELS AT HOME..* »»••A t Crawford*s w e were advised to take a road -which leads northward over Cherry Mountain, and •^aroimdtoGornain, on the Grand Trunk. , W e ahonldfcave followed this advice, hnt for twocir- camst&ncee—first, there w a s n o direct conveyancethither, andsecondly, hadthere been one,as the 4ay w a s Saturday, w e should have been obliged to wait thirty-six hours at Island Pond. On the other hand, by leaving Crawford's at 4 a. m. ofie canreach Montreal at 11 p. m. (not at 9, as the agent tells you)—a Tound-aboutjourney of 270 miles,bat v/ery delightful a s regards scenery.Three stage-loads of travelers left at that earlysourfortherailroadterminusatLittleton, twenty*twomilesdistant. AsCrawford's standsexactly-vpon the water-shed between the Saco and Con-necticut, our road w a s "down grrade" throughforests, for some miles,to theWhite MountainP r e s c o t t R a i l r o a d , o r b y a l o n g e r r o u t e , a s f o l l o w s :IfromOttawatoAylmer,9miles,bycarnage; fromA ylmer"to Chat's Portage, b y steamer; thence b yTramRoad,orbycanoesfurnishedbylambermenandthe Hudson B a y Company, to Armprior; thence toAlmonte, 18 milesrby carriage; and finally to Brock-Summer garments. Montreal, in her nun-like dress ville by railway. The distance by the former route is great vigor. The Douglas men have their stump of graygranite,isscarcelytobecalleda cheerful .60miles,andbythelatter112miles. ThePrincewill speakersallovertheState,andarestrivingdesperately city, but she possesses much to interest the probably receive addresses at Perth and other places to raise some enthusiasm. But the steam refuses to. stranger. The mixture of most-English. English alongthe way.- From Brockville he takes steamer rise. The movements of the Republicans are hearty andquaintestofFrench peculiaritiesinthepopu- totheLakeoftheThousandIslands. Iftherouteby andjubilant,andwhenthetwoorganizationscomein the Prescott Railroad be chosen, thejourney to Kings- contact, it is very plain to be seen that the heart andV o m a p m d e a e e » f T b e N . Y .m; CoxreflpondcncoofTheN.Y.Tribune.readylefttheWhiteMountains,whichfoiloffverygradual deterioration of the soil under slave labor(ofwhich,nevertheless,hewasanadvocate!)went even beyond Helper's abhorred statistics. H ecandidly admitted that Slavery can only exist as aprofitable institution through continual expansionand the cost, before you can properly appreciate Early in May last Scander Abcarius, son of the latethework. Thennoticethespeedofthetrain— ArmenianArchbishopAbcarius,who,withhiaiamily, Democrats.Thepeopleflockedintownfromall.di-'• i i 'fm\ p u b l i c a n s o f I o w a C o u n t y h a v e j u s t r e a s o n t o b e p r o u dof the entire success of their meeting. It was a day whichjeentalightningthrillofJoyfromRepublican heart to Republican heart, and ofvterror to those w h o are lying in tie slough of Democracy.''—How a prominent Douglas man regards the efforts to fuse the B«n m*n and the Democrats, maybe clearly wen from the following letter written by R B . Sloan:»,„ . , „ ' , NASHVILLE, Aug. 3,1860. MK. JOHWA. Fisiota, Preddent Democratic Club:,ueartstr: Yours of twin date received, asking molor asjnopsia of the speech I delivered before thcDem-ocratic Central Club for publication. I have no aoite«of tbe argument there used, and fan only give you theSSwSi7 \ ^ nf)Vor Mr' Donghi\ttbIstime.we havo mach, uoj"•—Tbt-_ inarec«* "JirtllCol. For <*riih bio wbomtej been apo of Mebad tree* of A -the fcxpel beingo: to whit'i early y\\ from th* gfornvv< tbe or*oa atany.ua source*' m from bins of Briti-il Melazz'.—A II" Crinol tion. T ba laddera lady knock».-<: throw r.e the fall •hTheljonlSicilv. I "Th*. calledfoilyacht, be andhim* conapanU unifori..) nuencri*;other* id| like In.jiJ did all cA is mrr -lj i n h in t o i ] dog* or with the admira., eonstantlj aud gonq Its 'hail and a fi m&nre.ut] final fare! amid tl.e huggii.ii;. Babylon if itcauM the mode—BIoo] none thefair-hairej bright Ht in its tin; might M Septemb Woodfl. masts ".iO tbe F:.lb a wr-nuuworks. Wak*t< stilts foe- A gt theQua!ler,' .our f e v e r .-Rufi ceivedth Island C—Mr. serioun a wagona vehicle" sciouh'0* wasthee very bad—Amo of Bostoi a live an counts, r He was,' seuni oi food or t to the cair. Fc made up two cLik andthen yawni.g elder K.rl she fainU trembl'.Ej outtoAft boawas the gardslunk •* suppose* ingbeat that the sciential manyol now a q place. can l>e*p juiacoiid bad i. m unlecp tl yet be s—Ti.e 63VS th $17,000;aveni», that ! e erected!—At! recently a pubiicaffront J By tee loet.-ColThe Cirl»l eha. —AV, anioctf The raplayer < visi. i0 Illuttrthave bt Americ afttr^i Mr. 1(< tb«*nrici over tl Mr. D e tbe ^Kn• from * ' pre**.'»c tefctiiuoSnb(«qi giun 0< Mr, Mo,.meut t< Morp'jj .eert ilisI)OH< a which tbe IIIton wl have x acrmio: in the«battle the Sp*« a tx'll bow«*ie ble gaxniuus lr*!an weokl> aomeJTribune.QUEBEC, July 23, i860.I t was a beau-' BANGOR, Aug. 17,1860. The political canvas is ^progressing in this State with,NEW-YORK DAILY TRIBUNE, TUESDAY, -AUGUST 21, I860." r e f l e c t i o n , s t u d y , a n d f r i e n d l y i n t e r c h a n g e o f t h o u g h tover5,000feetinbigkt,came out,onebehindthe ether,downthebroadvalley. Buttheapproach t o t h e M o u n t a i n s , o n t h i s s i d e , i s n o t t o b e c o m pared to that by theway of the Saco Valley.The train leaves Littleton at nine, and the stages •top a t Bethlehem, five miles short of it, for break- fast—when they nave time. W e were therefore agitated with a very material uncertainty, and thecomparison of watches with the speed of our over- loaded horses became general. Sometimes the watches g o t ahead, then a long descending grade would enable the horses to overhaul them, and finally we reached Bethlehem, neck and neck. T h e passengers immediately broke for the break- fast-room, and blessed was he who obtained a chair and a plate—thrice blessed?he who secured a frag- ment of beefsteak, anda cup of coffee. Theat- tendants were willing, but bewildered—the land- ford intent on counting and marking his custom-"man? That place (pointing to a comfortable mod excited—and it required no ordinary amount '•«' cottage by theroad-side) belongs to one. TheWesternRailroad;passesthenighteitheratSarniaor vOtesofRepublicansinCongress. Heseemstothinkers, that none, might escape—the latter ravenousThe itinerant Douglas orators, Spinola, Pen-in,Smart, and company, are demonstrating on it b y massmeetings to-day, and will do so to-morrow. This is for the evolutions. Over the bridge and up the hill the candidate for the Presidency or Vice-Presidency, are, first, ino f coolness and self-possession to extractjfood fromthe chaos. A s a general rule, those w h o givetheir orders in a quiet, confidential whisper arethe first, and those who yell, the last served. Our The Prince is coming: and the people are all atbreakfast was of a heterogeneous character, for w e once waking up to the deficiencies of their city.the Aroostook District, a n d a good deal depends o n that wild-cat section. 'The civilized portions are all right.lights glided along, making a most magnificent display, the eflect being hightened oy the sharp and quick com- mands of the captain, and their repetition by the lieu- tenantsalongtheline; theinspiringstlainsofthebands, and the continued cheering oi the accompanying crowdfavor of the election of 8tephen A Douglas and H. V. Johnson; and if they cannr>t effect their object in their election, they aro next in favor of the National Union candidates, Bell and Everett-Not wishing to present the resolution in person, I went among the members and told them m y suspicions, and tbat I wanted it introduced to test the tact whether or not the delegates to the Democratic Convention did not prefer giving the State of Tennessee to Mr. BellSo much has been undertaken, that if the manage- it, andtheweatherwasmuchpleasanter,after- mentofthefestivitieswereinlessenergetichands,ward. The landlord detained us several minutes we might doubt whether they would come offBangor has been .overrun these few days, and thehotels crammed. The Bangor House quartered its of ppectators. A s the procession neared the groundhad to take what came to our hands—but w e hadextra guests in first-class private houses, however, where the speakers were addressing the assembled thousands, the crowd in the streets became more andby somehaDucination^about fourgentlemenwho had not paid—which gentlemen were nowhere to befound. "Haveyoupaid,Sir?" "Haveyou?" Wewerecatechisedtwice over,andfinallydroveaway,leavinghim tohisgrief.Prom Littleton to WeDs Kiver Junction, ourwaylaythroughapicturesquevalley,whosenatu-ralbeautyis.somewhatmarredbyitspresent con-dition of semi-cultivation. It will be a century,perhaps, before the rough' transition state disap-pears,andourlandscapeswearthecharmofthor-ough culture. While richer soil and more genialaccordingtotheprogramme. A crystal palace (partly brick), and a large circular ball and con- c e r t - r o o m , a r e i n c o u r s e o f e r e c t i o n ; f o u n t a i n s a r e tobeplacedintheprincipalsquares;thereistobeanexhibitionofCanadianindustry,Indiangames, &c. Our Northern brethren have heretofore been consideredratherslow,andtheyarenow.showing how much enterprise they have held in reservehitherto. The Prince's visit, from present indica- tions,willformanerainCanadian history.Unfortunatelyforthetraveler,thereareonly night-boats between Montreal and Quebec. W eyoung Arabs from Beyrout, named Scander Epicarius hotel in the State. • that was visible was the sea of heads and torches wav- andSusa.setoutforAmericafortheostensiblepurpose Igiveyou thenames oftheRepublican Congress ingtoandfro,andtherocketsastheyspedathwartthedon't want Mr. Breckinridge to carry a single State but South Carolina. Theywould notintroducethe resolution, because' they said it would split the party; that tbere were Bell men enough in the Convention to carrytheresolution,anditsadoptionwouldruinevery- thing. ThiswasthefirstintimationthatIbadthat therewereBell menintheConvention,andI soex- pressed myself at the time to the gentlemen with whom I was conversing, and they all said it would be impoa- sibletokeepthem'fromvotingontheresolution. WasI in a joint-stock concern in which Bell men and Douglas men were equallyinterested,andwerewe working for one and the same end? Had the love for one mansofarcarriedusfromthetrue landmarksofDe- mocracythat w e were prepared to sell out body and baggagetotheOpposition? IwentintotheConven- tion in good faith; I w a s working for the elevation of Mr. Douglas, not Mr. .Bell, and when I found that the leaders of the movemtnt were working for the sole purpose of destroying the Democratic party, in aiding Mr. Bell and hhWriends, I could not longer remain, when it w a s evident that the CarroD, Watteruon &. Company party were working, not for the loye of Mr. Douglas, but ofrevenge; tbat their efforts were to de- stroy, not to build up the Democratic party. I could not see how any Democrat could longer remain withTexas, Kansas, Oregon, and California, the pro-gress of the older States must be slow. A t pres-onousasitis—to a n»ght in.close berths. The train carried us across the Victoria Bridge, which we found interesting, though by no means agree-own pockets for private ends. / • ' '"„ When in-Palestine last year I met Ayoub Beyent New-England grows through her manufactures,not through her agriculture. Even the worn-out able. The immense structure impresses you by itsTrabulsy, an eminent and honored Christian, at the and so reluctant to abandon its-ancient faith, is on the' my friends. A seat in the Houee of Representativeslands of Virginia, lying under the feirest zone of climate that crosses the Atlantic Coast, offer greater inducements to the yoang farmer than thecold, rocky soil of New-Hampshire.At White River Junction, where we were obligedtowait two hours forthe train from Boston tofigures rather than by its appeirance. Its greatlength takes away from its apparent bight andbulk—and length, I have observed, i s t h e leasteffective element in architecture. Y o u wouldAll hail to the auspicious event, for it is a matter of sire of a large body of highly respectable and honora- such a faction, for it is a faction working against tbe absolute necessity here. It may appear strange to yon ble men, whose wishes, for one .term, I felt bound to Democratic party, with no purpose in view but its de- that Lehigh County, with its immense fields of iron- obey. And I desire to say that tjiis disinclination on struction. A nd I do not hesitate to say, and that too ."whatthen?"Heshruggedhisshoulders:"That, now.liesin.thesunshinydistance,withtwomilesof the St. Lawrence between. Then you at last realize that this bridge is one of the wonders of the age.contemplated,butthattheybeingheremightadvan- vaBtmultitudeassembled,andmo/estandshadtobelandonhisreturntothatcityintheevening.He altogetherfalse.ItisapitythatanyEnglishman•« at least, does not concern us." I think nointelligent Southerner can fail to take the sameview ofthe final effect of SlaveLabor. But, con-sidered from their own stand-point, what a suggestion does it present! Slavery has no future! a broad, well-cultured, thickly-settled plain, re-tageously solicit contributions for the. Christians w h o have been rendered houseless, homeless, and destitute by the civil war, anxLhe sent to m y care a letter ad- dressed to them, changing the objects of their mission to that effect. A t the same time he requested m e to see that the funds which might be collected should i be sent, not to himself, but to the American Consul, Mr. Johnson, a t Beyrout. M r . Abcarius found m e last Wednesday,at Albany, and came with me to this place, where I found letters from Ayoub Bey, who had then fled with his family and many kindred, from Beyrout to Alexandria, on account of the animosity of the Mus- selmans at the former place, provoked b y his defense, for a long series of years, of the Christians. Arrange- ments were made yesterday to interest the public here and elsewhere, in behalf of the Christians of Syria, and to procure funds through the explanations o f M r . A b - carius and Mr. Susa to1)6 received by Americans and sent through the hands of Pelatiab Perit, Esq., Chair- man of the Committee named in New York, to the hands of the American Consul at Beyrout. • These ar- rangements W6re made with the full undeietanding and consent of Mr. Abcarius, and in the spirit of his ownjinstructions from Ayoub Bey. It was just at this moment that Mr. Wood's publication appeared. 1 know nothing of Mr. Abcarius and Mr. Susa excepterected for their accommodation. Col. Curtin was the first speaker, and addressed the crowd from the main stand. Owing to a sore throat he was able only to make a short speech, wherein he expressed his surprise at the immense gathering, and augared that the Repub- lican cause was safe here. .Col. Curtin was received here with immenee cheering, and much applaudedstoops to write, such unworthy nonsense to your jour- Bpokeforafewminutes, andwasfollowedbyothers. nals. ThePrinceisonly18;hehasalwaysoeeucare-Through its own operation it destroys itself, by making itself unprofitable, a n d t h e question which must come at last: " What is to be done with it ?" is carelessly passed on to succeeding generations.My friends were greatly impressed by the differ- ence between Vermont and New-Hampshire scen- ery. Our afternoon ride, up White River Valley, and onward to the shores of Lake Champlain, bore no resemblance to those of the previous days. W e missed the almost Alpine grandeur of the White Mountains, the vast pine-woods, and the broad/lonely lakes; but the mountains on either handassumed every picturesque variety of form, theirlieved in its' monotony by the picturesque, isolated hills—outposts o f t h e Green Mountains—which here" and; there rise suddenly above its level. Thence to Richmond, the country is slightly undu- lating and mostly wooded, while the remaining ninety-six miles are a level wilderness—almost a continuous forest—into which settlement has been carried by the railroad, and w e lost nothing from the circumstance that it rained during the whole of our journey.—To-morrowwe godown theSt.Lawrenceonduring his speech. Ex-Gov. Reeder followed the Awakes, or a simple Republican conference, the same Colonel in one of those bold, manly, and convincingcannot; and every fair-minded person is indignant accordingly when they are libeled."—-Thewidov ofMr.Fleury,theNewOrleansmer- chant whose return to life wasannounced by a paper of that city, has written the follow Lug letter to The Courier of the same place:Messrs* Editors of the Courier: Will yon please to do me the favor to give place to these few lines in your columns. Yesterday morning, my husband, Mr.• A. F . Webber, .visited the office of The Bee in order to ask the proprietors of this sheet from what source they had derived the demerits of the story that they told a few days since, ab< ut my unfortunate husband, Moses P . Fleury, w h o perished on the steamer Arctic,wreck-were smooth and green, the foliage richer, the crops better, and even the farm-houses more inviting in their aspect of thrift and prosperity. W e had a constant succession of such landscapes as you see in the Northern Swiss cantons. Glori-o u s showers o f Summer rain dropped vail after vail of dim gray between us and the pictures of the ! car-window f then the sun burst from behind a cloud, filling all the air with palpable gold; then a deep indigo shadow fell on the valley,, and the gray vail o f the shower dropped again. T o have proper- ly enjoyed and appreciated this scenery, w e shouldhave spent three days between the Junction and Essex,notinarailwaycar,butinanopenwagon, propelled by horse-power.WehadsunsetatStAlban's,andby thetime w e reached Rouse's Point, it w a s confirmed night. Here you must change your tickets, and have your baggage examined—which consists in your telling the official that you are travelers and carry only your necessary clothing, whereupon h e makes a chalk-mark on your trunks, and don't ask for the key. There is nothing, in fact, to indicate that you ate entering a foreign country (I have been asked the same question about my baggage on the Camden and Amboy, and Philadelphia and Baltimore Rail- roads). B u t I forget: there i s o n e circumstance, which shows, at least, a change in the character of your feDow-travelers. T h e somber silence of the American car no longer lulls you into slumber; your ears are saluted with lively sounds; you see animated gesticulations; from"endto endthe car rings with the shrill, snapping voices of the Cana-HIS COURSE THROUGH CANADA. • From Onr Own Reporter.QUEBEC, A ug. 18,1860. The following route and Let of events, with dates at- tached, have been officially laid down as explanatory of the course of the Prince of Wales during his Cana-eral at Cataraqui, where he remains over Sunday. MONDAY, 20th.—Visits the Chaudiere Falls, andcorrespondence and conduct so far as they have been connected with myself, have been not only just and open, but in all respects eminently benevolent and hu- mane. " •"'The delay of the coming of the horses mentioned was not at all through his fault, and w a s due only to accidental causes—in which I w a s concerned, not he; and I am now duly informed by the Consul at Bey- rout, Mr. Johnson, w h o had charge of that business for m e from the beginning, that they were shipped by bim?elf on board the Speedwell, direct for Boston, on the 30th of June lastMessrs. Abcarius and Susa have left their families at Beyrout, in the care and protection of Ayoub Bey, and they are probably now as destitute there as he and his own are at Alexandria. In order that these un-documents of that character, among the non-slavehold- ers and non-landholders in the South ? That class of our population only require intelligence and a knowl- edge that they have a right to think and speak theirrepresent the Hid Assembly District of this State in theRepublican State Convention at Syracuse, adopted thefollowing resolutions, after a spirited discussion:fact; but meanwhile the writers of The Bee continue, in the cruellest manner, to sport with the affection* of an honest family who have never done them any in- jury. Thes* articles—besides that they are calculated to confuse the commercial affairs of my husband, Mons. Webber,by casting uncertainty upon his acquired rights —havo already had forresult tbe sad. privilege or sodian French. I have never crossed the fron&er to Ottawa, where a new buiiding has been prepared—Ed.-]•;.:.:.' •trom House's Point without being startled by thisehange. Wewereheartilyweary,but sleepwasimpossible. Ourprogresswasslow,anditwasa welcomesightwhen,towardmidnight,wesaw workmen.loud and long cheers. In the evening a large and en- placed the orange-flower boaQ.net A diadem wreath^gmgmiimmm^m^^^;r&??^t<^mx~M.4r*ii-.*r-W>~^-Jl*l»l'>l>****.*'ithe lights of Montreal reflected in the dark waters of the St. Lawrence." should be—is negro Slavery.unjust V . HasMr.O'Conorstatedthequestionright?,It seems that the " Union-Savers" of New-Yorkthonjhtso,wlenhestatedIt,and,ifit is right, why not give it a permament and conspicuous place in THE TRIBUNE ?According to the conecientious decision of this ques- tion, so ought every one to vote next November.A REPUBLICAN WHO' ANSWERS "UNJUST."?The keen ncr'west wind, next morning, told usPOLITICS I N MAINE.w e had reached a higher latitude.tiful day, the people said, butw e shivered in ourlation is also to be noticed in the external featuresof t h e city. T h e stately churches and public edi-fices, gloomy convents and gay shops, palaces andhovels, side b y side, show that, though t h e t w oelements coexist, they never amalgamate. Either of river steamboats. from St. Lambert, or from'the Mountain, the view• # • SIR: A number of adopted citizens residing in theis truly grand and imposing, but all the interior pictures belittle these impressions.'• A certain air of English stability, however, is always present, andthe soberness of thecolorsis,on thewhole, preferabletotheglare ofmany of ourbrick cities.WEDNESDAY, 5th.—Attends regatta.THURSDAY, 6th, or FRIDAY, 7th.—Proceeds b y he ever did in a District Canvas in Illinois. Day be- ruptNewleadersw h oarewillingto sinkprinciples forM. bim in tbe South were upon abstract quentfonH. Idimensionsofthepiers,thetunsofgranite,the. \-."1I;/Mountain—someeight or nine miles. Thegrass wasalmostburntoffthesoil,thefieldsbrownand©ruinouscloudsgatheredinthewest. Wehadal- anappearanceofintensedrouth,whichwasin- 'MONDAY,10th.—VisitsLakeSimcoe. '; tellectuallyandmorally^ HeboxedthecompassontheHouse (formerly Fabyan'g), where w e struck theAmmonoosuc. Cold wasthemouniainair,and wmtiy,thetreesdull andlanguishing,presenting ceptionatOegoodeHall,andreviews,volunteers.grove near the village, to listen to speeches from Gov. Chase,theHon.W.A.Howard,andothers.The scene here w a s very, animating. Twelve thousand peoplewereontheground. Thewagonsofthesev- eraldelegationsweredisposedabouttheoutskirtsof the crowd among the trees. Three thousand of the audience were ladies, and directly in front of the stand was a carriage containing thirty-three of the most charming young women that Wayne could furnish. In the evening there was more speaking from three stands. The wagons were drawn up in immense cir- cles round the stands, and a huge bonfire was lighted, which, with the torches and rockets, produced a won- derfully brilliant effect.' During the evening, there was a great display of the Wide*Awakes, of whomDouglas as a Black-Republican king rqnatter and trai- tor to the Soutb, Wnat could it, mean ? Wore they alldesertingBellandgoingforDouglas? Werethey sincere, or was there something " behind the" curtain" yettobeceen? 1determinedtowaitandwatch. A Douglas Club of some forty or fifty members w a s formed,of"which'1"wasamember. Thatclubmade me a delegate to a Convention that w t s to meet in Nashville on Saturday, the 28th of July, for the pur- pose of consulting, as I understood it, as to the beet means of securing the success of the party in tb* com- ing contest. It was to be a State Convention, and if deemed expedient, a State Electoral ticket was to be appointed. T h e Convention m e t a t the State Capitol on the morning appointed, but-owing to tbe slim attendance the Convention adjourned until 3 o'clock. B u t agaiu this State Convention o f the National Democracy o f T ennessee could not drum together twenty-four delegates from all the counties in the State outside of Davidson. Where areconsistent with the sharp dullness of the air. TUESDAY, 11th.—Travels from Toronto to Sarnia, abruptly on this side, and the Franeonia Peaks, Canada, this Summer, has suffered greatly from 165miles,byGrandTrunkRailroad,andthence,prob-Free-Soil question, and landed in Lecomptoniflm, and n#wemergesonDouglas. Hefightshisbattlesonlit-Montreal,Ifellinwithanintelligent Southerngentleman, whose statements with regard to the span of the tubes, the amount of iron, the labor proved, and I promised also to receive-and assist the country, convened in this place. It was the uprisingmocracy of Tennessee.take out your watch, and count the minutes, after plunging into the dark, roaring, rattling tunnel. One—two—three; and still the narrow windowshad been converted to the Presbyterian faith,^|gether with Mr. Susa, were charged by Ayoub Bey with a letter tome explainingthat they were comingto Amer- ica for the purpose which I have mentioned.rections—from the surrounding villages, from the iron-furnaces, theore-mines, thezinc-mines, from the hillsandthe valley3; some came on foot, some on horse-back, some in wagons, some in the cars, each for him-PERSONAL.Wales:"Ineedhardlyofferthewordofwarningwhichyetit may be as well to utter—that all gossiping storieuUpon their arrival, the disastrous civil war in Syria flitpastyou—four—five; andstillyour earsare hadculminatedinthedesolationoftheChristianfami- liesinLebanon,Damascus,andtheirprecincts,includ- ingthekindredofAyoubBeyandbisvaluableestates.seiftheycame,untilthetownwasfilledwithcountry- carriedoutfairlyand'honorably.From Montreal to St. Hyacinthe, you pass overour wayto theSaguenay.B.T.chains broken by deep, lateral glens, the meadows VISIT 6F THE PRINCE OF WALES.. what I have written. But I doknow thatAyoub Bey's speech on theHomestead bill, and other Republicanweeds, eminatingmiasm, disease, and death.'f—The Republican Convention to elect delegates to daily issue. It is well that w e should understand thisdian visit:SA TURDA Y ,willing tools of. those whom they are taught by educa-tion to look to as superiors. It is diflicult to impress,on these people a knowledge of their rights while ourlaws, morals, and social relations are dictated by thosewhose interest it is to stifle freedom o f speech. So longas a man's influence and popularity are measured b yhis subserviency to Slavery, and the suspicion that heenteriains opinions adverse to those who claim a super-vision over the mieds of white men and over the bodiesand souls of the blacks, so long will this country retro-grade. Reihove this incubus, teach men to realizetheir rights. Free speech and free press will do it.Marehal Soult abolished the Inquisition in Spain, butpriestcraft still keeps the people ignorant. Enlightenthe people, scatter Grow's speech, & c , & c , amongthem, teach them that the Republican party legislatesfor the benefit of the poor as well as the rich—that it istbeir policy to convert the free Territories into homes forthe destitute rather than to perpetuate their political andmoral degradation. I am a voung man, and will givemy first vote for Lincoln and Hamlin. My father sup-nation.Resolved, That the noble integrity and firmness of Gov. Mor-gan, his bold and impartial maintenance of the chartered rights of our city, and his indefatigable labor and ability in the admin- istration of the law, vindicate the Republican party from the slanders simed against it, and commend him to its reupect and gratitude.Resolved, That in the withdrawal of the Hon. James S. Wads- worth of Geneseo, in favor of Gov. Morgan, notwithstanding the high claims which he might justly assert to the nomination for Governor, this Convention again recognizes the patriotic aud dis- interested conduct which marked his course as one of tibe found- ers of the Republican party, and that he 1Bdeserving of its pres- ent esteem and future honors.—On the 11th inst. there w a s a n immense Republi- can gathering at Williams^urgh, Iowa County, Iowa, 5,000 people were present, from every part ofthe county. A great procession occupied the forenoon of the day, and then, as the local paper says:" About 2 p. m. the crowd were invited to partake of the refreshments prepared by the feminiue /tawrficrafthas fallen seriously ill. In such circumstances, In order to arrest the evil which it u derircd to do us, I heg of you Messrs. Editors, of Tlie Courier, to annouuee ia. your journal that tbe story of The Bee about M. Floury is destitute o f the slightest foundation. Y our respect-Aug. 18.—Landsceeds directly to the residence of the Governor Gen-W E D N E S D A Y , 29th.—Beviews the and is expected to visit Belceil.volunteer •troops,ment tables, and Gov. Kirkwo >d, by the unanimous A diadem wreath of white roses and lilies of tlie falls/V •over which was thrown the large square vail of pte*a tulle,simplyhemmed. Thethirdbridesmaid,whowas young and beautiful, wore a drees at once ehnPle m iTHURSDAY,30tlL—WitnessesIndiangamesbytribes gathered from the neighboring country; and, in the evening, attends musical festival. .FRIDAY,31st.—Proceedsbyspecialtrainasfaras St. Anne's, thence by steamer "Prince of Wales" to Carillon;. and finally by railway and steamer Phoenixing throughout the closest attention of his large audi-ence; W e have often heard the Governor speak, elegant. It was composed of white tari»ti«w> veryfor his residence.SATURDAY, Sept. 1.—Laysthe foundation-stoneofTotheEditorofTheN.Y.Tribune. .Sm: In"TRIBUNETract,No.1,"underthehead,thusiasticmeetingwasheld,.which wasaddressedby G..H.Jerome,W.PennClarke,L.D.Ingersoll,andof white moss rose-buds jn the hair, over which a largevail,alsooftarlatine,reachingnearlytothefeeUthenewGovernmentbuildings; celebrationby1,600 MONDAY, Sept. 3.—Returns to Brockville, either by<fTheRealQuestionStated,"CharlesO'ConorsaysDr.J.C.Stone.Thusendedoneofthelargest,mostPerhaps,saysUFollet,thebeautyofthebridemayat Quebec,and pro-takes his quarters in the city, at Parliament House.TUESDAY, 21st.—Holds levee is the afternoon, and fortunate and, as I believe, worthy persons may suffer—The wedding dross of the Princess of Polignac, who married the rich banker's son, M . Mires, in Paris,attends ball in the evening.WEDNESDAY, 22d.—VisitstheIndianvillageofLo-rette and the Falls of Montmorency.THURSDAY, 23d.—Leave'sforMontrealinthesteamerKingston.FRIDAY, 24th.—Arrives atMontreal at2 p. m., ac-companied by a fleet of river steamboats, and takes apartments a t t h e residence o f t h e Commander o f t h e Forces. The suite quarter at St. Lawrence HalLSA TURDA Y , 25th.—Opens the Industrial Exhibition, and completes the Victoria Bridge bylaying the last stone.MONDAY, 27th.—Levee and ball.TUESDAY, 28th.—Descends the Rapids, and probably witnesses canoe race a t Lachine.no injury from the publication of Mr. Wood, that the public may be relieved of all apprehension of loss throughtheiragency, andthattheymayreturnto their families, as weli as that • the humane national movement for the relief of the Syrian Christians may be unembarrassed, I have made the necessary arrange- ments for the immediate return of Mr. Abcarius and Mr. Susa to Beyrout without their receivingor hand- ling or applying for any funds whatever from any per- sons, either here or elsewhere in the United States.isdescribedinJ^eFottct.in tbe skirt, but with a long train, bigh body, buttoned in front with fine pearls; an English lace collar, fast- ened at the throat by a diamond brooch; the bouquet' of orange-blossom, fastened at the waist; the coiffure was a diadem of white lilac and roses; the hair fastened behind under a rich comb of diamonds; an immense vail of English lace thrown over the head, and falling nearly to the bottom of the drees, completed tbis di*- tingvS toilet. T h e second bridesmaid had on a drees of white silk, trimmed round the skirt with three rows of pinked silk ruching, the third row carried up to the waist. The bouquet of orangc-fiowers placed in the bow of the sash, which was also trimmed with ruches,ton will be performed in one day. If otherwiee, which strength of movement is all with the [Republicans.TM f«r w , n f l ° ? 0 f * " 0**l«*on Convention l 15th Ward, who have always voted the Democratic was for Mr. iKugW, was even for bim after h jis probable, the Prince will sleep on board the steamerThis was very plainly seen in the'demonstration hereyesterday and day before. The Republican, followingright upon the heels of the Douglas dieplay, eclipsed itentirely, and has extinguished its memory. Douglas is ham.Lincoln.formally on the stump, and plays the b'hoy as much as They are working men, and cannot be sold by cor-had received the nomination of big particular friends at Baltimore, and to-day would be fur him were I satisfied tbat he wan the choice of ooA-balf of the Democracy of Tennessee. 1 warftfr bim because I believed bim to be more entitled to the nomination 'than any other contestant, and that the objections toat Brockville. • .TUESDAY, 4th.—Lands at Kingston, escorted by fleetticket, met together since the bargain has. been con- cluded at Syracuse, and determined to vote for Abra-steamer up the Bay of Quinte"to Belleville, and after-ward to the Lake of the Mountains; thence, either di-rectbyrailroadto Toronto,or,delaying foroneday,!bythewayofCobourgandPortHope. ReceptionatToronto, opposite Parliament Buildings. The Prince Lincoln to one Douglas medal, on the day of-theYork,Hotel. I SATURDAY, 8th.—Opens University Park, holds re^Republican,despiteeveryexertiontothecontrary. •Smart,theDouglascandidateforGovernor,isaman ofanenergeticanimalnature,butpoorlytimberedin-tibewantofrain. Thehay-crop,inmanydistricts, ablythesameday,toLondon,55miles,byGreat tleissues,andmakesemailattacksoninconsequentialisalmost entirelyruined,andmuchdistressisan- t i c i p a t e d n e x t W i n t e r i n cox. s e q u e n c e . T h e d r o u t h seems to commence at the frontier. Therehas been no lack of rain in Vermont, where the moun- tains a c t a s rain-conductors.Our Irish coachman took great delight in calling our attention to the clearness of the atmosphere. If his stories were true, it was certainly remark- able. A range o f hills, which appeared t o b e twelve miles distant, were in reality thirty-five, and a country church which w e - s a w wjith great distinctness, nine miles off. T h e broad valley, e x -tending from the Ottawa Rivor to Lake St. Louis, lay before us, parched, arid and brown—in fact, half shorn of its usual beauty. W e were all dis- appointed with our drive. 'There," exclaimed the coachman, determined t o interest u s in some way, " did you ever see an independent blackLondon, and visits a few neighboring towns. WEDNESDAY, 12th; THURSDAY, 13th; FRIDAY, 14tlu-—FromLondontoParisbyGreatWesternRailroad,by Buffalo and Lake Hnron Railroad to Brantford, thence to Fort Erie, and thence, by steamer to Niagara Falls. The exact details of this trip not yet settled.heisrunning,butheisnot ThereareBrekenridgers a l l o v e r t h e S t a t e w h o w o n ' t v o t e f o r h i m , a n d i t i s said there area considerable numberof those gentle- men in his own locality.The Republicans have an entirely new set of can- didates for Coi/gress. Three of the six Districts," jintlemen from the States thinks it's a great cu- " riosity: they niver see one in the South."Retolved, Tbat the National Democracy of Tennessee, b*Uev- i>H it wrong to throw their influence in favor of any sectionalMontreal is now in a flutter of loyal excitement.naturally describe it as a very long bridge. Y ou Christians in Syria, he .proposed to found a school orore, zinc, and limestone, should heretofore have been goveraea by a party hostile to a Protective Tariff and favoringFreeTrade;yet,BOthasbeen,butsoitwill benolonger. Yesterdayone ofthe largestandmost enthueiatticmeetingseverwitnessedinthispartofthewithout the fear of successful contradiction, that the leaders of this Douglas movement are working for the sole purpose of aiving the State of Tennessee to Mr. Bell, andthat they have no otherearthlyobjectinmustknowthedepthoftheriver,itsrapidity,thecollegeatsomeproperplaceunderAmericanauspiceB, andtosendouttothis countrysome personstosolicit contributionstothatobject,which Icordiallyap-,SATURDAY,15th;SUNDAY,16th.—RemainsatNiagara; namely, thelid,iVth,andVth,areundisputedlyRe-Falls, in house engaged for his use, the suite stopping publican. In the other three there is a contest. The at the Clifton House. Illd District, late French's, is considered sure for, 'persons who should be sent. of the People, in vindication of the spirit of '76,. andof life I might well be excused from. My friends willI hope consider this communication as decisive on thesubject.Icannotomittoexpresstoyou,andtoallwho may have honored me with their suffrages, m ygrateful acknowledgements for the noble support jnvgftme when a candidate before them. Eyervtbrog prom-ised at the Convention at Elizabeth was by alfparties Slavery Standard', thus speaks of tbe Prince ofchanic, all—all were here, earnest and enthusiastic in He wrote to me that of course it would be inexpedient the cause.The arrangements were entirely inadequate for the—Mr.A.G.Riddle, who received the RepublicanAuburn, Aug. 18,1860. "WILLIAM H . SEW AItD.[For The Tribune.] THE FALSE BRIDAL.ports.Douglas andbiB don't-care policy, and scatters ana beauty of tmfair couuty of Iowa. The table wasNow the weary spell is on thee,Sad and heavy thoughts have won thee:. By the vows which thou hast spoken, '. Vows which never may be broken^By the shadow Onthy brow,Lonely thoughts arewith theenow.Go, butnotinyouthfulgladness, Now repress thy bosom's sadness, Guard the quivering lip and eye, Andthebosom'smurmuringsign, Now prevent thypulse's quiver, . Heart and Hope—be still, forever!Has thy strength for this been measured ? Is no hidden weakness treasured ? Hastthoupowerthustoquell Alltheheartunveiledwould.tell? ^y6)^—theanswerwillbegiven,bis documents. I think God intended Free Territory for Free Men; and if you choose, to send me any Free- Territory documents I will bo responsible that theygive a good account.Paducah, Ky., Aug.13,1860. ..800 feet in length, and was loaded with the substautials and the luxuries of,this bountiful year . T o o much praise cannot be accorded to the ladies for the delight- ful part which they acted in the programme of the day. The collation being over, a lumber wagon w a s drawn into the hollow square formed by the fine of refresh-Not on Earth—can it in Heaven ?JI.c. I.enthusiastic, and, withal, orderly mass meetings we that, "among us at the North, the sole question, for have ever witnessed in the State of Iowa. The Re-Thomas M. Tryniski 309 South 4th Street Fulton New York 13069havegivenacliarmto her dress,hut wemustconfessPOLITICAL INTELLIGENCE.*•'-r•—,.• ;,.fore yesterday, at the Bangor House,- he called for office., ' Aug. 20,1860.signed a call for a Douglas meeting to be held in N*«ih» viJJe on Saturday, July 21, for the purpose of hearing " Col. Carroll and other distinguished speakers.'* T h e meeting came off; but lo, andbeboid, *' what a change was here, my countrymen." The principal regarders and friends (the men that did the " hollering") of Mr. Douglas in that meeting, were gentlemen who sup* porttd Fillmore in 1856, Hatton in 1857, andthree cheers for MarshaH, w h o made a little speech fromthestandwithhim.—Fifteen thousand Republicans assembled at Ypsi-lanti, Mich., on Friday, A ug. 17. Delegations of thefarmers of almost every town in the Counties of Wayneand Washtenaw were present, bringing their familieswith them, and forming a series of most picturesqueimpromptu,processions. At2o'clockallgatheredata Netherland in 1859;menwho haddenounced Mr.MONDAY, 17th.—IS expected to openthe Agricultural Fessenden, a brother of the Senator. The let District, there were 450 in attendance. The Detroit Tribune, the delegates to this great National party's Conven-Exhibition of Upper Canada at Hamilton, whither he will proceed by Great Western Railroad, or b y boat, from Niagara, For this occasion Indian festivities are also in preparation.The Prince will then crops to the United States.represented b y Somes, i s challenged b y a strong man on the Douglas s!de, but there ii|no intention of letting him 'Win. That Distrist, however, embraces the City of Portland, whichthe Republicans suffered themselves to lose last Spring, and where they will in consequence be cheated out of 200 or 300 votes, which is almost asreporting the meeting, says o f this:.. " After the procession was formed, Capt. Robertsongave the command} to ' liglit up,' and in the space oftion ? W h y are the friends of Mr. Bell nere in such numbers ? Why are they so anxious for Mr. Douglas to have a ticket in this State? W b y do they haveGOV. SEWARD AND THE SYRIANS. much as the majority at the last election. The Vlth District is not fully developed yet, but it'willbe sharplyvcas formed in two files, and after going through with gates of this Democratic Convention ? Why do they the manual, the pieces were brought to a ' shoulder suggest tbe names of men in their particular localitiesthat will make good Douglas Electors, and whydo thearms,' and the command given to 'right face,' at delegates to this National Democratic Convention lendwhich order four files were formed, each containing a liftening ear to suggestions of their old political ene-about 125 men. The manner in which the batallion mies ? I could find nut one answer or one eugg*etion.Mt. George W . Wood has addressed to the editor of The World i paper in these words:'• IMPOSTORS PROM SYRIA. " To the Editor of The World.•'." ROOMSOPTHEA.B.OFC.-PORF.M.) " BIBLE HOUSE, Astor place. 5" The following communication has just been received from a responsible source in Syria, with a request that a wide publicity be Riven to the facts stated. • \• *' Yours respectfully, GEO. W . WOOD."The communication which Mr.- Wood has appendedhas no date, and bears no signature. It states in sub-stance that in these times of trouble in Syria, there willarise a host of impostors whowill deceive the goodpeople in America, and collect money ostensibly forcohtested,~as it always is. Mr. Foster was electedlast time b y less than a hundred majority.was formed caused the files to reach for about one- third of a mile. The command was given to march, and the bands striking up, 'the long rows of light were seen moving along in rearular order through the streets, which were so densely crowded that it was with the utmost difficulty that space enough could be procuredI was satisfied ,tl '-hat something was rotten m Den- mark." I felt tbat itwas a Bell movement in disguise,. and for the purpose of testing the truth of m y suspi- cions I drew up the following resolution:the relief of the suffering, when it is really for theirown private purpses. That a few weeks sincetwo and otherwise maintained its reputation as the best more dense, until riot a place was left vacant, and all over Mr. Breckinridge. Their answer was yes; w eof collecting funds for building a hospital in MountL e b a n o n ; t h a t t h e y a p p l i e d t o t h e A m e r i c a n m i s s i o n - ariesforlettersofrecommendation,butcouldnotget lidDist.CHAS.W.WALTON. VthDist.JOHNH.RICEsky, and as the procession came in full view of the speakers' stand such a mighty shout went up that the verybuildings.shook,and.everyDemocratformiles aroundchokedandtrembledinfearattheevidence tbathis unrighteous party was sonearlyat death'sthem;thattheformerofthemhadbeeninEngland andimposedonpersonsthere; that there they fellin with a mannamedAyoub Bey Trabulsy, who Had made the acquaintance of Mr. Seward when traveling in Syria,andpromisedtosendhimasapresentseveralfine Arab hoises; but that the horses have not been sent, andAyoubBey,aftergettinguptheschemeofahos- pital in Lebanon, and starting off the young menfor America,tocollectmoneyforthispurpose,washimself obliged, it is said, to flee the country for having too muchtodoinstirringupthiswarinLebanon.The paper descants largely upon the facts which it assumes,IlldDist.S.C.FB8SBNI>BN. VlthDiBt.FKBD'KA.PIKE.house ofthemissionary ofthe Seventh DayBaptistsof the United States at Jafta, and in company with the American Consul. H e was a man of good education and ample fortune, acting under authority o f the Sultan in cooperation with the American Consul in his efforts to discover and bring to iuetice the murderers of an American missionary family at that place. In discov- ering the deplorable lack of education among theeyeofagreatpoliticalrevolution,whichwill,endonly wasnotdesiredbyme, andwasaccepted atthelast with the totil annihilation of the Democratic party. election only in deference to the strongly expressed de--sional candidates:1 s t D i e t . J O H N - N . G O O D W I N S I V t h D i s t . A N S O N JP. M O R K I L L .GREATRALLYINLEHIGHCOUNTY,PA. door. The shout was'repeated again and again, and ended in three soul-inspiring cheeis for Lincoln and•it must have caused terror to the ecattered ranks of thearguments for which he is so noted. lie-spoke tw o spirit of enthusiasm warms all hearts.hours and a half, during which time h e held the crowd riveted to the spot.. Gov. Reeder is certainly one of the most powerful advocates in the country, and his whole soul is in the conteet. Other speakers followed, when the meeting, or rather meetings, adjourned at a late hour in the evening. Much enttiusiasm prevailed, and long after the speaking was finished the crowd still lingered on the ground. Every man seemed to be delighted with the meeting, and all expressed thede- termination not to cease working until alter the Presi-—A Wide-Awake Club has been formed in Sparta, Randolph County, Illinois, and the citizens of that place and vicinity are thoroughly organized.Truly yours, & c , •Sm: WoulditnotbegoodpolicytodistributeGrow'escbifm, and the banks are now covored by noxious vouchsafe for arswer, that Tlie Bee was responsiblesentiments.alyzes o u rDispel the cloud of ignorance which par- energies and converts the masses into theResolved, That inasmuch aa the unanimous wishes of the Re-publicans of this Adsombiy District are, that his Excellency,Gov. Morgan,shallagainpreside over the political destiniesof*theState,thatourdelegatestotheRepublicanStateConvention affectingmyowndaughterAdnevineHenry,thatshe ho requebted to use their utmost exertions to secure his ,reuomi-,s. si. [Our correspondent seems to overlook severalUntitled Document—THE REAL QUESTION.:'•,; .,, .obstaclesmentsin SlaveStates ashesuggests. Theyare: thousands. He spoke for two hours, command-t o1. W e do not know who would receive them. % W e do not know that the Postmasters would de- liverthem;and3.TherearemanyPoorWhitesat' the South who could not read them if they would.suqh adiflusiono fRepublicandocu-upon this plain farmers' stand, and address the well-fed-REFUSING T O B E SOLD. To-the Editor of The N. Y. Tribune. _vi.•.,.'lour minutes every torch was blazing. The batallion such long and animated consultations with the dele-my part arises from no want of respect or confidence inthe House of which I am a member, for beside doingme the great honor of selecting me as their presidingofficer,ithasbeenmygoodfortunetohavebeentreatedwithgreatkindnessinmydifficultpositionbythemem- viewsaveandexcepttheirownpolitical advancement bersonallsidesoftheHouse,forwhichIamtruly in1861,byandwiththeaidoftheBeUmentowhom/ grateful, but the energy, activity and excitement inci- .they are now trying to transfer a portion of the De- dent to a House constituted as that is, I feel at m y timeCongressional, nomination at Pamesville, Ohio, on about his love aifairs. or. any other pranks, some ofFriday, was welcomed by the Wide-Awakes of Cleve- whioh have appeared in American newspapers, are—From all parts of Iowa come glowing reports of Republican meetings, and whether the immediate pur- pose of the gathering be the erection of a Lincoln flag-fully guarded and accompanied; and his relaxations from his studies, and the really serious objects of his life have been healthful field sports, and worthy manly pleasures. Other families and individuals c a n defendtstaff, the dedication of a wigwam, a display of Wide- their reputations. Royal families and young princes~—The Atlanta (Ga.) * Confederacylowing lucid and liquid, but terribly startling state- ment:callofthevast crowd, was invited to takehi<placepublishes the fol-<—Miss Harriet MartiilO&u, in a letter to The Anti-for whatever articles it w a s pleased to publish in itsful servant, VIRGINIA WEBBER, New Orlcan*, Aug. 10. I860.widow of F. Fleury.It wasofmoire,quiteplainH ill• • v«^j...•M«wanwww.fultonhistory.com 