 PBmtiTMWTo matcoaciai.tottmtewKtohjSTHE NEW YORK HERALD.WH0LJ3IK (RIMSITTHE•+fW*^il***im0*iA*tTH* Menage of IHe Gavernor of yortH Carolina.MORND-7G B3)IT10N~TUESDAY, NOVEMBER 20 1860. • —nm.ii;j, —TPRICE TWO CENT ffliTxttSTaG HOI SPAIOIGI1£LD.of fugitive sMvee; pass other laws cealartag and protect- There ts ao doubt that a most active oorrespondsaee to ing the light of alavebo? lers to travel and sojourn in ap rraaa thJa point with Csba aad £u- Northern States, scoampaatad by their slaves; instruct, relat: ve to immediate racogaitloa of the Southern their Senators sad represent* vea ia Ctoagrsss to repeal eoafederaey by the foreign Powers, as soon as the eon- the law prohibiting the sate of alaves in the District or Columbia, and to pass laws samclent for the ma protec- hjsSsasf demeans recognition. tion of stave property ta all the Territories of the Union,"Here * taik of the Legislature iectartag the State ;ont and let those Senators aad Representatives promptly obey ofmeUnion,andlea-ringtheCaaveatkmtoratifyassuchtaatrnctioaaThis, says ttw E*<pirer will do no snore than merely act but assay old feftes, though hot tor action, an trtteaJera tor formalities, sad will probably onrsrrala this fulfil the oosarttoatioaai obligation of ttw Northern States This, aad nothing short of this, will suffice to pre rent atheir own subsistence, their condition as staves sr free- by the blood of their fathers and guaranteed by the c » stronger sad stronger, until the time when they have bs-The Spaniaii snipping here to-day hoisted all their flags e > aor of the irtbday of theSpaniah Qaean.Thetow-par*of Lownds etmaty, stolwaw, hare re-•xempj* ail! pliably saaa be followed throorhoot taw cbiioa States.revoluttoa.The Kxamn-.i' looks upon the bonds of Uaioa now as re-duced to twe UpBlares • formal polltlca) l aien, and the ties of toads, it then shows that ttw asessaity watoh Orat led to natoe—uamety, ssutaal sappbrt toroommon protection and tsfsaec— aces cot now exist, ei tber sectian being capable of forming a distinct separate self sus- taining Power among nations It then shows the im ;>roba-prices. What do cotton spinners think of this? i i they msy l-?. who loot npon disunion and a Southern eonfede- that^yooBg men wtre threatened with loss of employ-blame the lotton ratesisf Ia not the prise a tasaptt» reef aa a thing desirable in itself, sad are only waling Bj«.ut' it ti~. .jf did not rote In a certain way. Tbe ballot LincolntaaCaDouglas SAM, while Breckinridge is far be-THE BBNtlMENT OP ALABAMA.rba feaion between the Bell and Breckinridge parties la view of the anivernal disaster which would follow. Ifing up in toe aour.try. I d>nt~inoe it (Appianse.)Weat liename, ware aomlnated taliday tonations of Europe would share the damage this iuiiicted. A war upon the South by any European Power would bring ruin upon the world. The export of necessaries of life, now valued at twenty million dollars, and of com forto and necessary sapport to all trade, amountingwant the others between them »nd tbe free Siatee to pre vent the escape of turir negroes.Judge Wayne, of the Supreme Court, has, it is cader stood, written a letter to a friend in Washington, saying among other things, that four fifths of the citizens of 3a'ptrs i r" ar.ii ax mosities engendered by recent contesu may s x n give pate to reason and patriot„=tm, that cairn and wise counsels msy prevail, and fraternal feeling be restored, that the constitution may be preserved invio^ late, and the I akm main'ained forever. Is the ardent hope and fervent pre\ cr of your friend and fetlow citizea,r.utcn, orvcli ."^ui'lc-d convictioia, or that hope of oarc^:.rv\ s prosperity which lies in t??et!t'al liberty, Senator TrumbuU speaks at the republican JuiUee to- fkesr we catmot gtvt up lor oureriv*"*s, tor neither shall morrow. He is expected to indicate Lmjo.a'f policy, we i r e them op lor NortJ or West, neither for tbe I without claiming to speak authoritatively.Pac.Bc States ccr fcr the Southern States, though they jsb«,ald secede Woe to the State wb'.:h r-tves Us ri:ies 'at tbe expense (•( iis manhood. A Stat? may lose it* j I'ollc* iBtelJlgeac*.Daikas county to the Conventiontartest ever held in the county, aadlotions were passed unanimously. Mr. Phillips tofore been a strong union man, bat to sow adiate aaaaadaa. Old party feeling to eatireiy destroyed, aad las Union element wiU have ao power exeep; to a •mail portion of North Alabama.It la thought that Mr. Forsyth, the editor of MM MifUter.or Uisctty.wffl certainly join the dtooaioatoU. H J reomt edltc rials toad to that belief. Bessys task the South-f a states ahoaid not he setaaod with any gaarsateesaaered by the Northern States, aniens they repeal their built oa Southern productions. If they succeed they will State tows against the Fugitive Stare tow. H they toll to have the power to close the Southern porta, make to the tae Southern States mould dissolve the Union every Southern product pay tribute, and every SoothemBreektoridsya majority over both Bell aad Douglas i« import pass through the North sad pay tribute to them aboct 10 MS noagiaa recelred Li.OOO rotes, aad Bat) When this oooars, the Jtamaaer thinks, the ruin of the »jm. South stall be. CMScaimatad, aad it will be in rain forher to talk of resisting an overt art It asks, "Will the , EECOMMBNDATIOSB OF THE QOTBTBJSOB OF peopie of the South bear thtr' and then admonishes the |NORTH CAROLINA. * people of Virgtota that if they do not jota ttw Southern Raisjca, Nov. 10, WflO Stait s ia aa efbrt to provide some security against tci •THE POSITION OF THE PRESIDENT ELECT. (From the Chicago Tribune. Nov. IT.)and tbey will retrieve their fortune with double tion before Justice Kelly, at the Lower Police Court, yes vigor and speed. We bare such faith in thinroitaseet of all men between eighteen sad forty Ire Teen, and also recommends the rasing of a corps of tea thousand Totaateers, with arms aad equipments. He geea for rsktottof any effort at ooercion m any erent.'"•<.-. msy look far early action of a positive character. THE ATTITODE OF VIRGINIA.Those papers have probacy more influence In the State than all the other democratic papers within its limits, aad their optssoes any, therefore, be regarded aj im- portant.such mottoes as the "Union lor the sake of the Union:"tae drum will brlag them to the aid of rtrgiato." *>Tetan—andmaeoth bared perauasioa muaketa, par ctoa*d from the Catted mates goT«mmcat, hare lately ar!LTlih*r<" JJJ **** ihocaard stand of arms of dlflereu:* • * " ' P«*ihassd in the Karth, hare hasa larwnrdedfarty arc understcod to represent. But while I say this, the pecple through 'ha ballot box—the si- unbound, ua a good citizen and law abiding man, to ' lent thunder of God . in naticna. The declare my eoswatoattoas conviction that the mere eleo- , ascendancy of certain ideas ia this land I regard not as tion oi any man to the Presidency by toe American peo- the nature of things brought about by man, bat as the ple, In accordance with the constitution an 1 laws, does I result of groaih.. 1 take it that the vote of the people not of itself furnish any iustcaQWor reasonable ground through the ballot box was ordained by a decree, by the fcr dissolving the federal Union. foreknowledge of (tod. and was as Inevittble as it is now It ia not pretended, solar as I am Informed. that any immutable. The shadow will not go back upon the dial.•••^wtthta the past watt.. Ttrgiaia has eatsrsdlato a Southern ports to England^^forttooeisft.aaadaaeltomaaitheawy arttttsry,11•J ** « M haadred now ia hand to siuta battery of^toeatosa rifle guns af the Parrstt pattern. In s i •t^a: ta these, Ire hundred barrels of Diipoai powder **•**•»»+*!»*,*" araaawm stora at Itrington •as tkmcay. Two thooaaadaaw sabres hare beenlarded mr earalry, baatde UM thaaaaad aid ewes ****karetotoatoaproradinamaasartosaltsaysaner- ttecy. rjae rerotrtog piatoto af the D mmA^ bsec purchased aad waiprovision of the constitution has been violated .u the i Ko arm, and no weapon, and no measure raised or formed The New Orleans Bte predieta fearful commercial and recent election. Ko act hw been dime which im- against that decree will ever prosper. As'to tbe results•octal eyito to the North IT the ]>reatni excitement should j pairs or destroys tbe constitutional rights of say State that may be e.speafcd from toe late election. You can-^to tasks w if Tirgtata was'ag.tab* is thertto ^T^fr*** ••'•otar ooaaty mad*a revetattaa v>'••I af that county a few days ago, to ttw ef-the upper and lower sad of thelag tn the Southern States when i consider their habits and their interests, and when 1consider ttw Ullage that are said aboct them and to them I leek for toeexclte-a bllif rom the Widow freer, which was da* for MaxTuw or ran Coi'sc-aaxa's Coaxmra os STKIST- — p iad, Meaa r* proved by several ta the nctafcr- InT**1' were to asset at th* Caurt House at a oertata ^ fc-wk opar ttw jafl, toeflrearsssThe Committee on Streets of the Board of C>aa«.lmea met •tan. I wtnid ktaw that I am a hard working man. wha aseaa•'•••.whebto right to fxeaaom a*« that Lie- araihir. if cot •atlcaty, by th* Joint actum of the con snd what an rxcitesnent they are aU far Of course ject baa beea before ttw Common Couactl. They took no f Grant Thorhbauran, dtiaed ta-dav of injuries reeeivad by s Untitled DocumentprovidesHe stated that m*aaa of as tatheftmtasretheahaorbtag tvpie. Mea aad women of Cbsfreas no/, oa the statato hook upoa ttw ausjeot of ion know whattoe"aauto'areaboutr Did yon hear what the usual arguments ror sad against the measure, whichslavery as spplteahle to th* States orttw Territories, or they have resolved Is do, what speeches they have made, by arsssei lytagtattwoeefc. A keretkiakofkothtogetas. i-irsnt upoa event succeeds to tfie District of Colombia These tows were vua*edGeorge C. ThorC. Thorburn, af tot city, florist, sad am ofof Northern fanatics, tolegacies of the canstitotton aad thehi Iflito to defence ofIt was rewired, further, that a oopy of these resolutionsas seat to Gotaraor Wtoa, the chief of the areaaisatlono ^^ "• **>^^ ^^^sma^ w swam fja •MBRsPBa Va> saBeTw awsslKsa- a thus that maters are now progressing to Virginia.or temporarily aejoexntag white m rou^e to their •ad plantations. It to aokaowledgtegty thethey BOWstead, saw oaly desire to be letany latorferecoe by Congress with theireerss.Ute «uesttaa arises whether Mr. Lincoln and his party wdl have the power, even if they have the dispo- sition, to distorb er impair the rights and institutions ofno ladlsposition to sympathize with ttwm ta ever? atop they make towards honor aad grmtssas and gk>-y. (Appianse) No what* have taey more warm sympa- tn sera, or more ardeat weUwjhera,thaa they have here mtbeNorth. (Applaase) Semwtiawi it has been saidsa* hundred banks ta Ultaoto, representing eleven mil lion dollars circulation, oaly twenty-two are deficit to ttw amount af two hundred aad ninety-six thousand three haadred sad eighty five dollar*, opoa witch a call Las been mad*to-day,aad tt to believed ail will respond. The eleven millions sassjSBnaaBs Is sec trod by up ward*tad EaduMd.M mi Ul f RESOURCESOFVNUMHA.F/orU» by tile So 0tfi.Emifew,iaatic Sec* salon Meeting at Uncoln will, and oaght to pnrsus. It refers to the des- of the North. By this eaHghtoahai sad plain imokencrepsney in the stows of tae Tribmu aad rtous ok the coarse tt approves Itself the host friend of ail sec- qaestlon of the right of socsssion, aad scofto at the idea of tions, aad ttw promoter of all the pine plea sadunconditional submission by the South, from the fear of antoratans»*jif majority ta each Southern State, which the Union. Thisto the appropriate mission af ttw leaiing iafornia, dated Baa IraBClaoo, November S, via Fert iaey, aaaouBctng that Lincoln leads ta Qaiiioraia several thousand, sa tor as heard from, aad would oarry the Mate if nofrauttawwepevpsangwdtattwtatortorccun ties. There to great rejoicing aswag ttw f 1seelsHas at this news, while the Dongtasttos swear art a ltttta.this sort.> The Atoairw renews the opinions of the Mbaae, Timet sad Naw TOES BkkAia, as to the polity which,lag and the overt proceedtagsof the South, aad the •ruths which, with tqual nwnfulness, the Haaau> toils the South ai to the opinion, sentiment aad probable ietesattnaUoahave been elected already a number o"d*moantic members of Congress, bald aad tree aattaaalmen, pledged to the Cincinnati platform sad the doctrta -of r-en intervention by Coagress with ttw luestioo ofs'svery in the State* sad Territories sad the District ofOolnmbta,wh»,asftofl to ttw Seuthera representatives, Sooth shall art throw their black art over will give at least twenty majority against Mr. Lincoln as; taey shall art reros, directly or tadireetty, and hto party on afi these questions. In the Senate there their total taflneaces upon us against oar education Is also a decidoi aad reliable majority. Hence no bill aad oar faith aad our initltutkms. They sasll not en-New Orleans.•W.! llli BBECIJRft*TO OHO, TrdtosMpredietaasaresultofapolicyof"masterlytaae-dependentjournal—todiffusefaraudwidettwfulIastSBiTIPORTANT FROM CHA1LEBTON. Ciuaijrrcjr, MOT. If,Tiie goveraawat i r m a to oonstentry gsarded by de> w-jtaveata of the Washington light infantry. B toearliest intelligence of facta, ao that ttw proper ccrrestivofor the existing exciienaent aad the threatened ittosjaamay e promptly applied. If Mr. Lincoln wonid enly itstea io the Baaain's advice, and aathorftaUfely deetar* aconservative programme of bis policy, it would ttperate disposition to do wrong Even in the dtotrftntioa orborn with the Crestor, emanating from the bosom of God, we wiU not surrender. But as to therasoltof the elec tion poUticaiiy. neither present nor remit id* we wish todattwmawrong—notso muchsstouching a hair of their Image, That, therefore, being the honest purpose of the North, there is no cloud 00 the future, the taw of nature will ultimately quietly arrange this trouble, brlsstag order out of chaos. Give me a know-Mr. Liacoto will leave here tor Chicago aa Wednesday, lata* morniag trata, aooosBpaatoa by Mrs Liaoote aad Senator Trumbull. He wiU decttaeaU ovations, and make a*speeches,antheabjectofhisvisittotoattendtoprivate matters before tnterlng upon htopahtto duties, wkjcn already crowd npon him ta the form of aa Immense eorMr. Bamlin.the Vice Prertdatt elect, wiU mart Mr. LincolnatChicagooaWednesday. Theywilltbe*as* each other for the first time.tiTity" by Lincoln. It also ridicules the idea of ooarcloaaJraaced by ttw fiaus to ratoreacs to South Ckroilna,should she setae upoa the Costom House and take pos-saaatoa of Fart Moultrie aad Oastte Piaokney sad opaa ttwport or Charleston for the tmportalon of foreign goodsfree or duty. If Liacoto should blockade the coast of most favorably.the rights or inslatattoaa of tbe Southern people ia say marnorwhatever,unlessaportionoftbeauuthss*Sena tors ana Representative* absent themselves, so sa to give an aboUtion majority in censeaoeace of their absence.to a minority ta both Houses of Coagress, wan thai Saateme Coast to expound ttw taws and restrain all megs' *nd nates sfflutlonal acts, tbe President will be utterly powerless for evil, if he should have thewhen we coma to ttw ottwr side, I say that we will not oaly about taw mUltoas of which is Missouri. entrenchaptatheirs thatwewilloarryaofearaadaadisturbance into their midst. Bat we have a right to pleadwithttwSouth,ttwrighttoreasonwithreason,ttw Brauunsxp,m,Nov.IS,1MB. right of conscience to plead with conscience—the rightLincoln, to publish a manifesto assuring he South of hispurpose to do her aa Injury, aad than avert ttw impend - a->thh •,<but evil. To agree in the Union seems inapoaworld gives aa example t Fear veers will soon pass away, acikm or tbe Ul trained boy, who, ror tbe first time feel -when the ballot box will furaiah a peaceful, legal and tog the correction of parental government, breaks away tt nearer the mark than anything yet published. It ia a**g disaster. In reJareacs to this ttwWe would suggest that the prereatatireia aliogetber laadeqnate far efllcteat pretention. Mr.coont. He is a mere expoaent, whose' sigalfloance la due not ta hto personal or otnatal oondnct. but to the attec l ant aart figure which precedes. Bw •tgaldenat far which menaces the South to not that Aba Ltoeola tt elected President, hut that ttw Northern people. l> • s sectional s e t a , hare elected a President far the avowed purpose of assjBSSstoa oa Saottnrnbe. Ii Coagress has power to acquire BOWterritory, torwhich tt ere ts BOwarrant ia the constitution, aasrkdm tn w States carved out of it by bill, they ask whyca--.a t Congress, by the asm* power aad tot « or shall endanger the peace and safety of any portion offrom aU control, aad, with hta check hand follows :—kerchief containing a tow things, starts upon Secretary or Statehla journey. Oh, he goes blithe enough during Secretary of Treasury the day, until he finds htawnlf far away from IVsUnwrter General his home, and as the sun begins to decline he laments bisra»hnes!,turDs|backatOBce, and is glad to 2nd himself once more at home where he eaa ileep with comfortla hto old bed. (Laughter aad apptoase.) If the State*start ont, they would soon art tired of tramping nboutand )>e glad to be back, 801 my ttwm to ao tear to respect to their going. But after all there wss a good dealof allowance to he made for ttwm. AM for myself, IJadge MeLeaa, ef Ohio. Was. L. UajUn, of N i.*" tc attend to ^salng coctrreaoes, may know threat* tkeeolaatasoftheBsaA^whattogotafSoa fromto Florida a every important petal, earlier ttw a iw'floats at- ttw samea-;tiea5rl ta by ttw Soafaera paapte as weflea by their g*a w vwi ^••e* ^v ^^B amtw •**•Q Senators and rrrreseatat'vee, under the pratoatar.1 pre talk sad theceding admiaib'.nu.ooa of the federal gereramact. Con. L (Laaghtar) Aa •acuenUy It is fair to preaume that the South, so tor ao design open th* from demandingTate repeal of ttw existing taws spaa edptos upon which tolalYtattoat and flee l«et at Chkago MrtaeaaThat fantltty or communication moves society here to its ctmost depths. At the formal and Stat* dinner par-of high officers of the federal gcvernnect, er si the diplomatic representatives of fat sign socrta, at the sang banquets of poutlcal coteries, at the ilttie quiet prandialta the capital roams of Goater, nothing etos to talked of. atohsfThe tone of the Ewun> at this crista BJMU^I highlythe saajsrt af sawsty aa essential to) her safety aad eqaaUty.: in the Union, will tastatspsa their betagre- taiaed npoa the statato book and faithfully sxesntod. Nor are we pormittod to tnfn that the Southera peopie re quire any adeitlossl legtotottoa by Congress ea this aubject, for the reseaa that ttwand reprenantaMr* have art lyohaagas la ttw ex's!the silvery luesand that of Mr Pleroe •oilers ware in the minority latouumtag. tie Southern peopie aad their Senators aad m their rights and '.nati-ir obwet 1* to fasewn toe jy saowhTa** expert that we would attar the tastite" neawhich eur fathers gave ne, or to ptaoe thegoverabeqooattwd to us on ether fn•nisilias thanplaced nader tt. J aaas* euldbeonawour snty to tortag ears'srstiaT Beyondttwtmf What evil so we nhsrah ngatort ttoat l t ddesigns do we entartain asaJtst them f As tied I* joss, and knowete the secrets of the hearts aad eowelcneesot mea.wepnrpoBOBOBWiW* agataat them, we eatertaiaaessibfyobtain from tap ethertoythetruestaxwadaeftheSaattiaawrestdeat totionaentirelysafsundertheconstitutionsadlawsas aoears'afthem:wohaveaowtohtolaatttheas,wehave tea W.B.Farwett,oa*ofttwedtoaraetoaly journal that keeps vp wHbthe pro- We haveof eventa,North sad Sasdh.entered oa a aewese,nad those arwnerstat lata* prsdi- | ecttons sad pwjndtoss of the past assy expect to be runj ^ jgrps* ^^^SSJIisy-^y^ jjR^jTSnninw'iiTi *"the existing i a m Will they have ttwtothat ta the event of the etaettoa of a Nwthera Presi•eat, ilw members, of Onsgrass from ttw South would notgo te. Washington, and that therefore the President oousddo a*tttrcg,having no Congress But toe best of It wasthe President could do without them. Bat this was idletola. We uave no plans to oarry ont, no new administratlve elements to introduce: ail w* ask ia to have ttw go of th* Bank Oranrntastnaer* shows that c ,t ef verament carried out according to tbe principles upoaover. Nothing is so well calculated tofdiape! these mis repeal or ohange taws, or toft'ta wstt kaowa that they will be in al a attempt has bean sonde to fat up a bank panic ia this State. Aa -mmtastirwtaken prepossessions ss the truths which ttw Hiaau> ta both Bouses of Congress, the Sq[proms OsurtA tow days mora wtn dereJops a •**• gaaaral feaUag of daily tells its North in regard to the actual state of Ike! •gainit them. Ia the Northern State*feelingsthateaatnpportttwstabilityoftheBderalcanpas*eitherBowseofCongressimpairingordiaturbiagtrenchuponoarposition.Thattoallwsinsistupon.ButofthirteenmillionsofStatesadUnitedStealsstocks,Sooth Carolina, aad seed aa army aad navy to enforce The rspid decline of stocks in New Yorkton S»Urda>, UMiptKpopsteroraervltooutbreaktoallredgo.Ta*thepaymentofduties,that,mystheJtofwsrsr,wouldandespeciallyofvirgtaiasadMlanwriaixes,hasifjose1thoseinwUomth*Southconfides.ApartisanPresident,ledgeofttwessentialintereststotheprosperityra»ry believed that to* prM«t about tew being »be coercion, and this Greeley disappsoisa of. TasJav tonHitoii••t metf—attynf — W X w l quirtrsuggeststheacknowledgementbythegeneralgo-met*, sad peopta believe the puWJe good require* thateaasiderable alarm here.than tied hand aad Toot, powerlats for good or evil with- cf a people, aad ao matter bow they may be shaken byouttheconsentsadsupportorhispoliticalopponents, politicalstorms,thesilentlsfioemceswatchtellthemof should be the object of pity and commiseration rather their owatatareetawill soon allay toe storm sad bring team of fear aad smsreheaiton by a brave and chivalrous them to reason. It was absuid to suppose that the So alb,would almost oer talnJy prectpttate revolution and btood- means to avert the rata npon the oommercial interests of ter irritatloa among Northern men ta this nwttepoiv, to humble the prate aad wound the sensibilities of a targe outside af tt, would leave the Union. It was the law of•bea, The Light Infantry patratotie arsenal walla, hot eanaasp tot•we. The strictest mUltary discipline prevails these oa daty.the awesaloa Sag was hoisted oa Saturday laTttm the armory of Iks Repnblieaa Bass, who lately rated New Tors, The Chatham Artillery trod aea lto> oewssioa, Mayor Joaes, of•pass, and the plain* eaUiBBBwOaftmbis la much talked of as thssaaw tor theThe Military Committee of the LeBtatalare, which sat serial the present reeeaa, SAT* adjourned. They coo- Uiied to report to the Legiatatare two bills, said to bo •testTM aad practical la character. Taey will awe* agaia eaMondayraoratag,previoustotheopeningof tta hsawMtal fstoastos gold hsadad saaa to to bo edtoOantetnlorry,ofthesanessaaipCMasaMa,SBhis w .vai to-night, as a uatlawntal tor hnvtaf hoisted thei of th* federal flag, ta toe New York har •wUl bo reoafved with a saint*.reflected In the editorial ta Fridays HBBJXD, are wide oT the mark. Tbe name ef Mr. WUsoa to espectaUp saaox- loua—excuse the nari'gaifiori rsmark. The Caotaet an- nounced in the despatch ta tbe Baaatnof the 10th met.Wasnstiroa, Nov. 10, $$>.renmentof South Carolina's ^dependence, and the nego- •iWouldaotboremoved.Anyattempttoremoveittiationofatreatyofcommercewithhcr.aatheboaTbcsecessionsxcitemeattatheSouthtoproducingacon-.people.Whatgosaorbarmcanhedotoanybody,exceptwithallherinterestsinttwUnionandevilsanddisastersTbeindentionsaboutwhowillgolatattwCabinet,saLis patronage ha woald be dependent upon the Senate tor the confirmation ef his nominees to effice, so that he cannot appoint a bed man to omen without ttw causer t ofl«rge Lumbers of whom are oommg out openly far peace portion of the American pscple by occupying the chair Sod, marking in tbe end the taevltableness of things as enoefilledby Washington, Jeftorsoa, Madison aad Jack they are, that will work oat the result; sad therefore Ithe North which would result from the freetoadspolicy.The Jheaarer taea refers to the Bkaair/l suggest!»to a Me d Moln'ion. They maintain that ttw qoerttosj ssesv sea* Does to s lent tarnish sufficient cause for destroy say that tho Sooth wiU not go ont of the Union If theyb' settle*; now, sad that further wrangling will ssednos tag tbe btst government of which the history of tbe noould, ttw end of ttw movement will be similar to tbeenable greets a rep tnch rash aud predpitcto art^n ss of this, aad cheaptabor,and the culture or the asfsrgsd would picnge 11*17the horrors of revolution, anarchy andIfh the North' by pecuniary pressure—fir what—for le Mr. Ltoonin received a despatch to. toy tram the Secre-gltmatcry exercising tbe rgV.s giAran iced to them bythe consutution. A more datsttaula scene than that tary of the Republican State Committee or tal farnia,s e x mads accessible by railways, increase thefreeen; bankruptcy the happiest people, the most prosperousconstitutions! remedy for all the evils aad grievances with which the country may he afflicted.TT, in the meantime, any act shall be perpetrated which shall violate cr impair the rights of any citizen or State,Flu Henry Warren, of Iowa. Caserne M. Ctay, of Ky. Emtraoa EXher'dge, of Teaa.ocr people, for which the constitution aad lawa shall fat* tn provide adequate and efficient remedies, the time e ill then have arrived for those who think the constitution has been disregarded and tbe federal power perverted to purposes inconsistent with their sa'ety, bon >r aad equali- ty, to consult aid deliberate upon the nature extent andSecretary of War....Secretary of tbe NavySecretary of the Interim.. Geioaha A Grow, of Pa.simiiir manner, authorise th* with'irawal fru ithe Union of such States, with their interest l a tt. ipublic property, as may by a rote of the people af aa: iState apply tor leave 1 Does not the power to saquir.aad prescribe terms of admission Jneceseartiy involve th • mode of redress.emveiss of .he proposition—the power to prescritr I do not anticipate, nor do I deem it possible Is the pre never bated a Southern man half to much as I despise termi of withdrawal, under the ooastitntiaa ? tent condition of Bw country, that uncer the administra- and abhor, aonordtag to Scripture, a Northern donghfasaAttorney General H. Wmter Davis, of Md.A large camber of people have called upon to? Presi- dent elect to day from Kentucky, Virginia, garth f«ft i-righto. The purpose of apgresaion has been decitred ay tatoa dectorattoa of war. The war la made,aad Mr. Lincoln to impotent to command n peace whatthen?Fullassuranceof peofxmustbepiTenfromsomeoom The Union has become great sad powerful—per destroyorimpairthec-cstttutimalrightooftbecitisens. traced to toe Scripture-, and fs defined seacakenotpatent quarter, or the Sjuthera Su tea moat choose between baps too great. It is la danger or crumbling or invade the reserved rights of the States upoa the aub tcrned, a half baked doutrfa cake. Maw you are aware* Of all the callers Mr Lincoln had to day sot as* w ution ot Mr. Lincoln any act can be perpetrate! that wiuld (Laughter.) The origin of thi phrase, doughface, issotiectiocandresistanceLeteachNorthernState, iectofi'avery.batIfIshouldfindmyselfpainfullytulatostapartyofmeaareasroamyearsagOr-aom*oeaset-af-eroffice.Officeseekerswriteletters,aadwouidsuedthrough her Les/ttaturc ur iaConreation .assembleprompt .y,repealaitnuiUfyinglaaapassediurtheinjuryofthe senstrtatlonal rUhta of the South: pan laws to secure the eaiy and prompt taecutioa of the Fugitive Stave law; pass other laws imposing adequate peearUes on ail factors who shall hereafter assart or encourage theto pieces from its ponderous weight and diverse taken on this point, I have no hesitation in expressing esVices mea. who stated their convicti' nn in the lan- interests. During its existeacs oottoa aad ngtr mydeliberateuarictlonthattuckaaoutragewouldnot guageofrespectfulargument,aadwhoneveratanytime have become leading productions of lands ac only awke the Shatters people a unit, but would arouw invoked violence to their aid. These awa were punishedculture has canned an advance ta the price of aeMfpas of tog majorizes la tnen an event tie South would ceo ipy caicui. ted to raise the public mind against them. This an lmpregzab:. position With her own people united opposition wss strengthened by the whole power of theabeut four hundred par cent. Hence they have became a and animated by see sentiment—the unfaltering resolve goveremett: and yet, at last, while battling wi a thedistnrb.n; element. When they were oaly alto to sen to maintain and defend their rights aad liberties as won storm and with all adverse eirccmstances, they grewabetterchanceiftheydidnotwriteany. TheStampede for the important offices in the country has cot com- menced The applieeate ao tar are mostly for t*ost Office-Therepublicanjabitoeto-morrownight promttestobd a brilliant aftair. Mr. Lincoln will be celled cpoa at fcia residence. He wi'l present himself, but make no speech. Senator Trumbull, DonPiatt of Ciaotannti; Ur tfatea, Goveraor elect of Illinois. wUl speak at the Wif ram. It to understood Mr Trumbull will represent tho'views 0:snd consolidate all the oosaenativo elements of the for their faith. They brought npon themselves almost quired without warrant of toe constitution, sad their North tnfirm sod determined resistance by overwhelm total social exclusion, aad evefy thing was said of themmen was comparatively of ao sonsEqaance to their owner, if roe co. ion and sugar States eaa withdraw, eataMtoh aBtitntton of iLelr country—they cooid safely rely epos the ji.stice of the*? raose. and conflcently expect the sym- pathy of tht civtltoet world aad the choicest blessings ofcxr a domaant party in tbe State. The election v'hieh has passed has plac*d theee mea tn power, sndseparate confederacy, aad reopen ttw slave trade, they c u Plvtoe Providet/oa while streggiinf for the right. Under •i-'.» \.lAi >yiu teer Ycu etc some of the principal reducenegroestotheirtermormarketvalue;sadbymean.*thwecircumstances,Icanperce'<>aoJastcar.sa,no.•i;snrm-tarymenandpoliticalmanagersundertakingtopanMr.Lincoln.supply roar or five haadred per cent at greatly reduce i country and the beat government the sun of heaven evershed his genial says upon. To those, if any such tii. re never Injure ...-c.seLted to too raril I refer to the fact the total vote heard from Is ninety thocssad, a&C thatBut in order to carry out tola piO|ratoJw.lanWwB- ootton and sugar States, or store raising and self!!; States, must be kept out of the new confederacy, lor the; will never consent to the re opening of th* store trade. Tt would destroy their slave markets, and depreciater for f e rvjpottoc'ty to acoamrtUsh that which had been prtt!<vjfc.'» rea^imf' spo*, the eM^ton of St> tvecoia may furnah a nsvtoxt tor pre^rntat.ag toe Southera SLatre intc rev.- .toon But to tho«; who regard the Culpa un3er the corn utiou as our fathers made it, the IMat picoieus !t#av-v € # r bequeathed to a free people by a pa' rrioticarceai'y a*d are determined to maintain tt as lcug as their riguto and liberties, equality and honor are prok^td by it, tie e'ectlon ol Mr. Lincoln, In my hnra•box has declared the wt» of the jv-opte aecwdiag f> aUtbe a>rms of ttw ca-srt-rti-ttao, tea- y « these ineBuaurymen MC d-U-mi.t-c^ t j punish the fresmeo of the Northwith ilnsLctal *iiHc*ii»i6S acl panlci. T«ia attempt torrakc the party oi lots at tbe moment of its going intothe, gcvirament, by threats of wreck and ruin, ta partacl pturei r' that tailaense which has b?fjn so long grow-hind Doagias-Br> IJGFIBXD, 1U , Nov. 19, lhi&. Mr. Lincoln received the Califbmta eleotlon news by special dcrpaicb yesterday afternoon. Himself and frienis are elated, but think Douglas will carry the •ute by aimc.il plarallty.that too South Carolina seceders do not >»un' for dieunirn. for iLe sake'of the uouniry,. but if they think that our ggMr. Lincoln entertained himself and a few Visiters byBut they are mietiktn in their m?u. tVc are cf theMosreoasrr, Nor. Is, IStt. billty or any sati-w making war tipon efthsr secUon In their slave property. It e for this reason, blesr-inVri. prewhts no Jtst cris' no rjasocoble UXCJW >»;! LeroMt'enary <\oc* We wit! b,ear an<t f.wbaar There were no place seekers her* to-day.Alaaaaa iaateadlly progressist. Both sidessdvowte ex treme view-*.ta their harangues upoa the oo ^ration of erne ra>fto.{ Havir.; di^ussai idi the questions at issue freely and •,,-ii c pics set to IO-IB-7 npon us that we will reading aloud articles from the Independent lie takes States in their movements. They do not v. ju.t them eiahorateiy in n ^ja/_dresses to th? peopie during the re- pn-ter sav ng our fortunes to mn-ntaining our the Scothern news calmly, and says:—"ay time not havJohn T. Morgan, tote Breckinridge Elector tor the Stateat argo, aad William Phillips, a prominent Ball man In the North would but Injure its commerce, but all thewnt canvass, I 0sot yercelve that any patriotic objecw rr tt plfs, taey f rg*t what our fathers didpi, Louisiana and Arkansas as likely to join them. Tbjy part prior tc resuming my seat in the E>aate. That tne may viola, but we cannot giva up our con«clence, cr our the subject, and glad to be ont of the ring."l a sany Enropean Power made war ur?n the Nj-th and eftooted a conquest, tt would prove fruitless. No powe-oa earth moid hold the ptopte in subjection A war on They only mention Georgia, Florida, Alabama, Kis3inlp eaa he ad vameu by any further public discussions on my . m th< Re-e-jf-mn »Wei»i! yield ev-ryt&lnir that men ing srrived, I am cedent to receive ail possible light onA arte majority of the press of the Kate rarer imme- to aeer twenty million dollars more. wonM be all stopped vannah are opposed to secessionNo SMEtalB, lltJO. S. A. DOU'iLtS . weakh, but as long as sSanhood remains to her people—so E S T j r p r v i ! ElTMJLiBY IN NA8SAI r t f i l E T - X l U s t iRET. FIEXBY WABD BEECHES OX THE STATE OF THE UNION.k>ng as they know that they have suffered Tor a principle, ON STSnciON.that very conviction wiU stir them up to .renter efforts, An interesting case of burglary came up for examina-the day the Soothem people would be driven t • take uparms and use a cessation of tnule for defense. The £tasuaer defines the object of the v'erth ta its policy towardsthe South to be to put the power of holding the South inperpetual political bondage ia the handaof a Northern ' standard of the party will be lowered, for the purpose o; season at the &. >per Institute. To ere was a very large the c • unity—ir.c who&c.iuntry. We love the West and sau street, was entered by burglars aad rob bod ofmajority. They mean to uold the question of peace or war in their own hands, and to regulate and control the tradeattendance, no daubt drawn together ta hoar this able and popular ieciurar cj«n this occasion by the special atdeclarations, he will know the ground upoa which heBoU* braoehes or the Uh atature aasembleU to-day. A sabjugatioa, the power of taxing their property, controll stands, the full extent of tbe dinflection, aad the temper was the true feeltog of liberty, as it should find a home•tnwg Soatasra feeling is maaifest. tog the price of their products, and declaring whether of those npon whom he must depend for carrying out the In every American heart, and then proceeded to treat his The Governor « message, which will be seat ia to- mor there shall be peace or war, passes on the ith of March policy that he will inaugurate. That ho will try ail audience to an etplanat-un of his views on the state of raw, takea strong Souther a grounds. It reoosameads a next into the hands of a people who bate their property, methods of conciliation consistent with his sense of right the Union. He aid one was almost aahamed to expressooclereace with the neighboring States, aad than a State and whose atareet it is to cheapen every sale they make, Oaveattoaoa federal adhirs. Be recomsaenda Mm en aad raise the price of every article they purchase.him to give hto views on the present condition ot the af tor the purpose of enloraing the action of the South Caro- tabs of the country, to which Mr. Doug as returned toeStates came and ranged themselves on the side of truth, of virtue, and of liberty, aad tt a that the Union ha hitherto 1 reset ved those that I love It. So long as theBuBxoax>, NOT. 10, ISsd. lina Leg atature. Mr. H. W. Connor delivered a very folio wtag reply;—A French brig had arrived at Georgetown with 112 im- ledg.-s bis guilt, and says Le triad te seU the watches atrotins maysee fit to adept,teadarmg to GoTemorGistHer- Ileory Wsji Beecher last evening, according toalarmed lest he should send out an address, In which the public annonci- xtt-t, ilellvertd bis flm lectare 0: the Take heart then, my friends: ail wiU be welL We love jewelry estahlislo-nent 01 James Jaq.net, of Ho. M Nas-We are enabled to assure Mr. Ilaeolnl friends who areprinciple of right that we are not to be Intimidated. torday. On tbe night of tbe 10th Inst., it appears, thecoaxing the seoessiomsu into an abatement of theirthreats against the integrity of the Union, that bo willdo no such foolish thing and we can also assure thosetimid gentlemen who are entreating fc.ra to declare him traction—that th* aubject of his discourse would bean self anew, that they are misusing their time.Mr. Lincoln is not tbe President elect. That be Is thechoice of the people in clear; but until the electors meetabout $3,(C0 worth of property. Tae thieves gained ac- cess to the cafe by mesas of false keys, aad, cwUectiag a anmber of gold and silver watches, and other articles ofta their respective States, and choose him according to a humorous view ay the elements which at present c^nsti*the constitution and the forms of tbe taw, he is no more toted the character of young Americans, contrasted withwUl put her s><tmt, snd when answering to her helm toe detailed to attend to the matter Oa making a mtaate •alia begin to ml, the blocks and ropes to stra,3. her i>ow inspection or . the premises, ttw officers came to cleave the water, with sails all set frem deck to top, to the conclusion, from certain Indications, that aad with a rich freight and Prosperous gales, we may hope ttw burglars had been tot Into the store by some for a continuance or the uiersrcgs we have so lor g en-; than any other private citizen. In the meantime, allmen desirous of knowing his opinions npon matters of these higher and Store ennobling characteristics whichcurrent Interest will und them clearly and unequivocally should form the mind and hibu of a race whose early set forth ta bis many speeches. As those opinions were life was rasrtd amid the freest and best institutionsof any country to the world The lecturer closed his discourse proper with an exposition of what he conceiveddeliberately formed, there Is no occasion to fear that Mrfriendly hand from within. Susptolm feU upan the of- fice boy, Eugene Moulto. aad sure enough, npon arrest irg hiiii. he coBieased that he waa implicated ta the bur- glary. Moolle -tated that he admitted two seen, named Frank Fay and Kogese Rasira, to the store, aad that then allthreeofthembrokeIntothe safe aad shtiaalsi all the valuables they could lay their hands on. Me also stated that after robbing the store they retired to No. IM Wat Broadway, where tbey disposed of the property toLincoln will change them, at least until their aatenabie-nees la proved. :" * * Before he acta or make* nay publicjoyed. (aaptanse )The lecturer here retired, and the assemblage broke upNews frem ttoe llrltlsh Weat Indies. Georgetown (Demarara) papers up to Oct. 10, per barkaad bin obligations to tbe country we have no doubt. Ittheee are of ao avail, hto supporters know that they have himself as a lovss* of the Union. Night after night he | in him a leader who will net toll, at the proper time and saw men marchlSjg to music, bearing aloft on bannersPrinceton, famish the following items —Hon. Robert J. Watoott, member of the Council, had Jacob Leal and John Smite, ror the sum of $1,100; thatin the proper manner, to use all the means at his com mand to ensjire respc> t for the obligations Into wfaish the States have entered.The South Carolina residents is New Orleans asternbled at the St Charles Hotel to that city on the 18th irat , ' party, addressed a letter to Senator Dcnglas requesting ! with God and v.roe for human rights. One by one thedied at Barbsdoes, aged 78 years.Bridgetown was infested with thieves, who bad strip-ped aeerly every house of its copper gutters and roofing. Murders were on tbe increase at Trinidad, mostly per- petrated by coolies, while the crime of rape was tearfaiiyprevalent. Some few arrests had been made.At Antigua there was some little excitement relative io the suddeu departure of a merchant leaving large lia-bilities.Levi paid SlaO of the amount down, and promised to pay the remainder in tbe course of a few days. Upoa reeeiv Irg thte valuable inf-trmatioo the officers arrested ail of the aecu-ied parties snd brought them before Jaattoe I"el ly. Levi and 8mith were starched, with ton hep* of finding a portion of toe stolen foods, bat there was nothing dttoovered worthy of mention. MeaLe says he parttoinmed in toe burglary at tbe sotiertaUos of Fay aad another man, att*vet arrested. Fayatto ackaow-bat, said'the lecturer, I have been taught by the tethers < of the Revolution to love the Union for ttw sake of justice, , SENATOR DOUGLAS ON THE ELECTION OF ! fsr the sake of liberty. When the fathers of the Revolution LINCOLN. first framed the constitution, thev caied npon all tbt A number of citizen of New Orleans, trreepoctivc of j States to rati.'y the covenant which they aad maleI Your request to address the citi sens os New Or leas s Union subserves ttw behests of liberty so long shall it be migrants from Madeira. i am informed by l.enemi JUchardsoa, Adjataat Geaera. animated speech, in which he stated that with the pro • ct t represent condttim of the affairs of our oouctrv ' ! dear to me, and when it ceases to do this 1shall not evenLetter from ttoe Row. Mr. Bart let t. TO TBI EDITOR OF THE HSRAXD.a jewei er's tn Hudson street, before he disposed of them to Messrs Levi nrd Smith Fay tell oiiioer Ml WLS I; at Levi kacw the prope-rtv was stolen, and that tbc receiver teid bun he often bought stoleeigojds be-af tniaState, that th«« * now, fully armed aad equipped, claimed principles aad avowed objects of the black repu'j • has just been placed in my hands, an Invitation so nu then desert it, but as a parent watches the seemingly dy •r t"r» i - l J " 0Mm 9{ em * a » d ' « d thousand of the <hu lleaa party, which has recently been elevated to power merously signed by the most eminent business men of irg child. I will not givo up hope of its restoration to the»» ^ZHZ**mm °ftt»a»lt, wlihs resarre tores of this great oommercial city implies a compliment which i Erlnclplee—•to Iits former existence of diipgnity »nJ »»«nor.Cmsuoawssitl, itiiag IBa t « , t t — ^ — - V r c a t the tore, besldee SiTcral graduates of Wast Poiii, mnm^,^m0m_ Ttrgiata.f Thetiaaeralsays that, from all the correspondenoe o»I the meare sailaobaastioer withoat brief report of an ordination sermon preached by me were cue bunifrrd and seventy watches stolen, but Fay difference or to degenerate Into despondency, or to rush ' Eft?rrJshto, let it die. But yet there are men upon Thursday, lath iaat. Tour reporter (unintention- I rars he OL'.J sold Levi «ixrct one hundred ant thirty.aad supremacy, the Soothers States can no longer re- I dci> appiestate, aad am exceedingly reluctant to de- But whenever tbe Union ceasu u»"--»•«•" conservator ofIn your Sunday's Issue, under the heading "Another fore, iay asked W.CCOt o r t o e jswelry, bat finally, af-7 " " r ~ « ? r » « • " « « • / - *u-a hundred graduates of main tn the Union with honor and safety He said the cline. liberty and 'cuiot-jf>»; ' V . - f " ^ ^ be the living Brooklyn Minister Against ttw Sunday Laws," appeared a ter some oargaining. be agreed to sell it for f 1.100 There 0Mnetime Lad come when the South had to give up the These are not the times for patriotic mea to affect In- nr<BAinU>—wn«- * -^Union* or the constitution, the rights ana equality of the madly Into violent and extreme measures. Just In pro , rlS/tryout falsely lor the Uiion, and who awrite thisand prospcKkj-wntinn of slavery, and the future hopessjmpathtatag with South Carolina, amoving Ifcf'fjrJ&eJ«ri.un as our common country Is environed w i t o ^ ' v ^ rbecomes the Imperative doty of svw'JJBioBt powers sadmotto upon baccori, and who put lights behind it to illu- minate the stinking sentiment " 1 nion for the sake of the Union. ' We have come to a transition state in the hisally, perbaps) misrepresent* me. The topic C the ••Sun- day Laws"' I have never discussed one way or the other. It was neither directly mentioned nor Indirectly allt»l«dTbV < « cers are anxious that both Moolle and Fay aaoakt he used aa status evidence, and if mis coarse IS adopted liM-v a;t tangoia- u swing able to sand Levi ap to Singwhich ha to in receipt it Is considered that a decided of the Legislature in calling a conventlea, and pledging tetttftesxehistiiortt aad.sjetrom tbe disasters which tory of ULs land. T8i* is a time of no Inconsiderable feel- te in toe entir discourse. I wss exhibiting as tic Chris' S;ugpwpoae to reatot federal aggrcsstoaa eztot eTerywhera iaM»C^ausonwealUk Hetosrea inreceiptoftotterifromaatixea of Vn-glnta, resddtat to other States request:**can-alaausa aadcr the miiitia law, aad area tenderiDgtoeir asmces as privates should they fadto)receire com to the Governor. •»« oaa, Ts ass tie General's words, "Bm tat tap afthreaten itauBefrlVy. ing, and as every parson feels himself to express his in No man In America rem U the election of Mr. Llacaln | dividual views upoa the state of the coontrv, 1 wish to morethanIdo; nonemademore strenuacs exertions tj expressmtaehereheforeyoutonight. (Apptause.) First,defeat him; none differ with him more radically aad i! then, I ask, what to it we see? We see toe result that hassupport of such rarther action as the people ci South C*like it c chaplains or political parties; and, in speaking oftheir bitter fruits, pointed to a conspicuous church in ADi*-'•*•••'*--TC***»—David Lrcpoid, aprecoco • lad your city, instancing 'the gentic lambs who were held j aboti fourteen years of ag^, emrVwed as a eieTV «a the from wolfish collision by the benign dispensation of the { •tore 01 Alder Brotheis. No. CSa Broadway, was arrested Metropolitan police," as specimen grapes of the entire , yesterday, by policemen Lawstm and Mason, of thetheir rjcrsoaal services oa say attempt being made at c>ercma, and ordering copies of these rt*e! uons to bv sent [ irrececcii&bli npon all the great issues involved In the | attended tne ascendancy—I do not mean of a party—IttThe New Orleans Cewitr, referring to , disaster t i ewhich are inevitable tn the present and prospective oon- ditios of affairs, states that the North wiB be by far the greatest sufferer. It says that, in coBJcaeuaeor the re suit af the election, the greater part of the cotton crop this year will be held hack and topped m r e c t i y iron, thecontest. No man living is prepared tn resist, by all the - mean the ascendancy of certain ideas—the preponderancecontinue.THE LEOISI.AiaBE OF LOUISIANA.MkwOxiaan,Nov.10,isto. Sovetaor Moore will convene tee Loutetaaa Leglal*iureor citizen. Nothing txs yet occurred to release say not expect any great transition without some mischiefcitizen frcm his oath of fidelity to the constitution or some primary agitations attending tt. Ton cannot of the luited States, which is the supreme law of every expect a dominant farty, who has misused the poser theyState and of every cltisen. But while Hit conceded that held so long, to part with it quietly. When the demon! Ueve the distress amongst tbe population of portions of gerous wound, which it is thought wilt prove BttaL La-oa the 10th of December. A F F A I R SIK GEORGIA.Atorsta, Nov. U , lagp.aad be carried into practical effect ta every department af ttw federal government, and thereby wtli endanger ttw peace aad lately of tbe aiaveholdlng States. Is this ap- prehension well nmndedr Do tbe results of the recentcore.nate man.Political matters are quiet to dap, with the exceptionMW VIEW OS TOR KXCrrKMJOTE SMTH.poles and such matters.It to reported that starling exchange was offered at Savaaanh today at par without purehatersnothing except what ttw taw authori/w. His doty to tosee ttw taws faithfully executed. If be fails to performtatadaty aewllt soon find himself a prisoner before tbeUtah court of impeachment, lortuaatoly that triaoaal ment, snd do still look for it. But I also know these ebul-to so coastitued aa to command toe confidence of the litions of feeling are somewhat of the nature of ttwpeople ef the entire South, ss well as the conservative boiling pot which extinguishes the fir* by boiling over,men of toe North. We have this security that the ex to ^ e manner toe Snather* people will put out the Ire postUoa now before ttwm for widening Catharine •-.reel tamaaricn jsttaf laws will be faithfully executed. I have yet to r Mgry festtsgs by a process of boiling over twenty ieet oa the west aide A number of psrsoss inte-entirely new one. The lecture itself would scarcely havestate of the Union. There la a man now at the helm ofthe ship of State who will guide her safely through theperils which enemas-ess her—a maa who know not whatit la to be scared. Be will take ber off the lee shore towards Detectives Farley, Young aad Niven* war* secardtagty which she has been to long running to dcs.ru;tion. Beverified this annoaveemeat, for It was entirely devoted tolegitimate means ataattoaed by the oonstftutKin and laws ! of those ideas a- expressed by the onh symbolism by vineyard. This assertion migb-t have caused the mlsun- j Twenty nxih pr«oinct, oa a charge of stealtag a -tasatitycf ocr cotntry, the aggressive policy which he and his \ which they cosju be expreswd,' the votes of xdot-standing.Confident that your fairness will give m: opportunityto administer the antidote ss broadly ac tne poison ' Ire-mam, yours, respectfully, W A. BSMLKIT, Pastor, Sim Place Congregational -shureb, BrookiynBnootaTv, Nov 19, lSefiTh* Ntnr-vlnsr P««pl« of KSUiaas.TO TUB KDITOB OT THE HERALD. OrncsAwnsjXAS Kxraam OoaoAsx, •61 Hr/Dsoji Srsawi, Coaasa w J-*v, Mw Yosx, Nov. IP, 1*M. tla order te aid toe general movement now on foot to reof silk neckktrcbiels. p-xktUKo^ aad other fancy ar- ticles, valued at iltu. tea property of his earptaeere. 1poc beirg wken mto custody he •• acknowleSged the corn," and gave such information to the oitisers as led to toe recovery of the greater part of toe mows goods The pr*cn«r waa brought before Justice Keffly tt tbe lower Police Court, aad committed for exammai. .a?H>xn:so Arraay is WiiUAa Sraaar—Paouaaix Mia DEB—About eight o'clock tost evening two maa, see aa Italian named P. A. Orzaii, aad a 1 renokmaa named Louis Laroas, whi.e at 21B Wifiiam street, get isto a da pete, whichfinaiiyresulted in Larone drawtag a revslfer, and shooting Oral: ia thebt.ast. racatag a meat dan-yebterdy afternoon at three 0 clock, to ooacider the pro WtoepreMnt Unw ••*—"• " tadtaBisataato staagatar af Ws are in ttw mietot of gnat events. Th* movements warn that ttw people of the Soelh complain of too sets (Applause aad ) MSB often aty to rested ta the pre tent were to atteodanos, and advanced•teif aea eepenable TakOTXiRB BCH&.Ohlnary.NIWASK, N. J , Nov. If. 1MB.JHE R1PORTS PROM WASHINGTON. Wasaxaovow, Mor 10,1S0Owas rebuked by our Lord and commanded to leave the boy ne osnld not go out of htm quietly, hut he should throw him down on the ground aad give him one tatt bite before he departed. This vloleace at th* tart jIt BW ,CBHUVUo HENRY WELLS,With respect to the excitement, let as look at it polili- j President saaartosa Exoress Oompaay.TO THI KDTPOB OF THB HKAALD. Haviti*eree*ve4 ta ttaSmore'ata ttonday's) Bssuiaaeve- rai •meeonnjmiswsats. rjder the easttsn af "A Cam* oftheenlistingofHtantoHas,theereottagoflibertyetesttoajustifythisapprehension^ThePresidedcandocatty.Idonotwonderthattheretoagreatdealoffeel- nrhnenttwhone*,"whereIamehargedwtthbavtanaarvedso rapidly, sad th* latettgence to so qnlahly communion I have; bat I my to myself, aaw. if taey were dnmbasrvathe members of the North and South, ia opposi- and silent there might be sesaa fear ef aa explosion, further action, however, than to adjourn til! Friday after fall. He was ender sppotntsaent m the Suearistesesattea by tekgrsph, InpAsTsrp asrsoa who to mmtmti • ' i ion to to* •bolfttofitafc U 4 &*?seliere. tad have Mta hot ss they are beiltor op aad letting off th* rteaat, they noon next at three o'clock.Thomas M. Tryniski 309 South 4th Street Fulton New York 13069which it wssfirstframed—give us exactly that which we had to the ortotoal confederation. Wsdo art want to cheek ttw Sooth, or to draw a line and my to ttwm, beyond that you cannot go. Bat we toatot that thewhich vru enacted ia tola city a couple of weeks ag3 waa stating teat be has probably carried that State. It sayathe East, the North and the South. We love everythingbut the ulcere, and these we will medicate—everything1"it the poisonous leprosy. We love the essential lnte-resta ef the land, ' ut t'aoy must not take advantage ofthat aitection to intimidate us. So much, then, for the jewelry, decamped with the same. Ik* follow lag dayi ;I furthering a deserving charity by givicg puhiic.ty to this ' BOtice through the oalumaa of ttw tuaau). Vonrs, Ac.,noacthasyetbeendonewhichimpairsthe rightsoren-dangers the peace and safety cf any portion of ourooantry, it to apprehended that the election of Mr. Ltacoiacarrieswithtttheassurancethatthepolicyaadprinst- momenttonotapresumptionsaerarttherealityofttwjerclothing,intendedfarthenseoftheeutterers,aadad-pies of the party by whkh he was elected will prevail, ©are It is retber oa the contrary, indeed, a proef of ttw I dressed to ttw etanmtttees at Leav enworth. You wUl be care of a physical, who had tittle a>pos for ttw eaforta-1 Fsnms, tae American and United States express como* ! aies wUl forward, free of charge, eoatribatioaa ta moneyrone,assconashebadcommitted the ant,Sod,batwss arrested about an hour aftervrarda by -tffleer AOea. of the Fourth precinct. The wounded man was placed in theD. M. 84RM-Y.President United States Express Company.a term in the f-taw prtaoa. Feehas said saaias tabe an ta teams. I bee»tatora thesubhe. tarooakraartabsg ealamna. hatI waa, at thetoneormhave been sa often repeated a. tbe various times th's sob•£w%J~#00 1BL.MOT li,| VtaChteagj, Nov 10, lMOMr. Lincoln received n special aasssstol•vsauncnn, Massachusetta, Nee York and Pennsylvania-Mr. Lincoln continues to receive a;>p!kjations for c-wa-in the South.Mr. Jaquet appeared before Justice KsJty, aad, rtisttsg the particulars of the burglary, Brayed that a eoupta of detect ire* might be set to work to hunt up the thtovea. www.fultonhistory.com, of Mount Vernon when the ladtee took charge- He highly esteemed. 