 BOWMTin his higherview, "society civilization," and in the..tration. Siaveryglorificatioabath>*« DO information as to the case. favored to the serene of sure There we the few, heights the stars in their courses. is, then,_^Virginiaand the modelman became rational notion on thefinnaSnope.volimtarybe a on all over this may only constantly goingsociety"of A FOM be true or perfectlyTHBATBB-V»ira DlAW. 0« Mi or J|j»-Letaii«;keystonethat they were Anti-Slavery io sentiment, andHEVS BY TELEonus'samajorityofone,thedecisivevotebeingcast outdoor whichmadethem pursuits impreg-rhioaghtto • cbMe.Uponthe first ballottaughthim to associate muscle with rowdyism, upIn the rata of dlsosaat.;Imay possibly win most prizes in college, but thatTHKATBB^^TMa BoMABOIfree labor? what means the of Finally, reignterror inaugurated throughout almost the en- tire South, the details of which we have no desire to enimierate, and which bids fair toTheElectioBofaSpeaker.The final result of the long contest for thehave, in short, inherited the love ofour The City rf Mgcyrtw at It. lAv. ofli ¥i rilTTimniir had sectued thefeel- brethren. But whenI declarad elected. He was conducted to r KeaaiaBBCXKAB and Bocock, and theAfter a scene of much^ t Committee was appointed to informstripes, and the fervent, and no doubt honest,has had his say on this subject WebeendoingreaponsibilityI having •lao (worn in.forth the throughponents;saythatindicate atowards the Statebeen administered, the mem-prayerperpetuitypublicsuccessfhlly la£l.New-Tork Money maikst aUghtly lii«iiniiili 1h»ti* BtlMM that the Honae was ready to proceedW MMteaaa, and then an adjoomment to Fridayprison,young onlypale,The Senate Committee for investigating tEecountry.mility, why he is not wUling that othersconflict" which all conservative averted.yet''bai)i^"«Ui^M»lB i^m wmotrkikiaoffrtaaBqnrfriie*e-. BkaM'a*e''f'ail?nM%dr*r*enpply.WeaetlTlly. The Fnn(ilib:*atasallthewoiUand eeU B* friueemiwil te<ie.«Mte. 4p'tml •e.96ic. for to grant every practicable guarantee not abao- Night afterUvemi^lbr poir to gMdIt aeema from tUa sketoh, kBowa, ia am exeeediii«^y derot' fellow, bat he her. ThtT is the last man in the worid uttelljr to aoora BotUager thsaatft;first omlitlea, bon in teaiee, and have ad-aotntelyat variance with theOoDBtitutionnigbt,costlj freights of expreie lines, the valoable•apposed dutttaJP* oa *^^**^**vanced iie«T ic. 9' i^ Uva weigjit ranging at 6ic. ;ofthecafe,the*cd»n,andthe€lie-if the political power of tl>e country is not valuable stni of pasaengers sleeping quietly in atie, and the Boulevards, merely to live labori- over, aad fbs man af(Bi iwi"** committed four years longer to the control of reliance upon the good faith and the good ous days. To find people to whom idleness bat the brakaasaa prekrP*!^ 1*Whatmeansthereiteratedthreatofdisunion 'mailsofthenational andthe11 ®Hc. for com-M, aad Sie.&U. for still-ied. post,yesmora ibedeUghtetion of the Senate, on Tuesday, '.TOBXmo*I—InMr)-TnnB«k- atedefenceofSUvery. Mr.Douolab'Tke Invpreaaible Coafllct.Mr. HuBTKB, of Virginia, occupied ihe atten- the South T Whence the Southern dread of sense of the of thisare ex- is to whom night brings no ItBg, r.ad Urns saved farther disastsr. misery, togetherwtth(he storm,dalay^asBuring peaceso much wi£er qpd better and stronger boat or of a nipping frost on the brakes, or of nights at meetbigs or lectures,bill for between the SUtes was thesystemsoflabor,whenitholdsitsowntobe petnsatthemomentofreachingtheferry theirdaysinCourtorinOffices, andtheirAceMeM•AcOnm*CST nLBBBAn.]foandation and all, and we Icnow no reasonMr. HmrrBB ahonld not air Ills theories videdtheydonotinterferewiththepublic business. Since the commeacement of the SeseiOD,SenatorshavehadabundantleisuretoofTHIATWt-TBl COMIOAS BBOTHDW—A speak in this way, there having been nothing,eiarunur.to do in the way of leg^^lon while the House 'Andand eat as if we were all muscle.moiBlBg, ahoit of asBl.SnrBT THBATSI—Taa Ou Uaopedrepose "undisturbed by any convulsion or engagedremainedT» 6«wm Axx—MnnaBT ConrnA- well spend their time mnch worse. An in-are never to the satisfactoryhours of con-tinuous chess, the most enthusiastic spectator and wealthy aristocracy has aiade out-or inaonorgBnized.surelygreat people may quietlybattlesEnglaad be doe atfor theWe are glad, however, that the Senator fh)meminent for liis private worthandser-and it is due to t>oth sides to of the each has proved its case.ConiM wul continue until the closing week of the " The advocates of Slavery and Canada Railway last Summer threw a piofeat month, and will include prelections from word, agitation."have echoedfor weekspastthe wish a forces for the Invasion at Harper's Ferry In 1838, or prejudice, has made gymnastics legalwithanelabor-railway,orderoftheday,butInthereportoftheapeech than ourat Whythese forcible expnl- acarelessbrakemanoffhispost we cannot find so mucH as an aUuaion to thisHonasAL,Wadaasdsy,Nb.<t/ An accident occurred on the Portlaad Bb41whole argumentthat thepeculiar — form of civiliaationfame and notoriously equal to an enormous amount of badly-coolted fish, meat, vegetables and pastry, and it must be confessed the result is an animal which It Isbnt not very"" the black-marblethisthirst for the process which bringsserlooiiy.measure. Mr.HoNTBB'a siona of peaceable and inoffeiuive citizens And yet, when one of these daysstady the English race.Bear tke bousdarycar of a train was thrown dowa as eighty fed «•wise and conservaOveof of any disturliance of the peace, or any inter- thirty or fifty human beings in exactlyUse, r«*tenlay. The bMgH* ialanl,was given apparenUy to prove " instltuUon" is the highestfrom a Southern State, whom there that a againstsleeping-carthe normal conditionway, we shall"—mighty arch of the Union," and " that tl^re is no nation known to biftory that has not built upitsfoundationonthissystem." Alltltismayto deploring theterious calamity," and to throwing the respon-which isof theperfectly false, keyatone,ference with slaves, and whoseonlycrime wasallfallmya- an money,appetiteof the Bepublic.and tolerated.Width and were held to weightwhy —Speakership, was yesterday reached in the Saxon forefathers for thetrust he feels relieved after thus eloquently dis- to superiority of slave institutionsNorth-Republicans chargedtheDemocracyhiseaiiied. The Sraiate, after the transaction of charging bis duty to his constitutents and the em men and NorthemWMfroD further attendance, and he left for even though they should chance not to coin- Senator Wuaoir was examined, and cide with hia own. It is the fate of greatan interview he had had with Col. Fobbis,hrik* llfflnln Chamber, early in May, 16^wherein minda not always to be appreciated in theirjoumaliatshim for forcing on that very "irrepressible\ bnaineaa, went into executive session Dently adjourned. ^But we are to ask, ia all hu- temptedthe consequences of the corruption which hasAmericans grown np under its patronage and encourage- bis wretohedness. His desire was to be all soul.oommaM—leavein our social systemany imperfectionsto the remedial influences of time, to naturalbroke without the aanoiuioemaDl of-^*«a<KW^*; *lVr,TTTTTi 'l/^-^K.-- »-r^»»>c^^Bd cAnatermthMi oeeaanoM'^theftnjy RfIt audi an BMUeat M ai* «kk* asMdr *»<mot^vthtUwtHiy »tttatad. U not aew>iH8**r 4ij a han4fiil of miagnlded men, rapralwtedm•^SSiSr"^ was by aimoat the enttie Hortli, and agaiflBt fUc9, that ia manlAited In all (ha aRmag»> ft the recurrence of which the North is willing ments of the train whiek It befell." managerstiie irrepressible conflict" between the two poeed to the chances of a sudden access of Im- rest and morning no respite, who spend tialB here (111 6 o'clock.were the of sibility for it upon the hands of Providence. foolishly trying "experiment"FROM EUROPK. no easy matter to keep in good hedth. We <* "good things pro- est^lish a practical despotism from the Poto- election of Mr. PESHtBoxos, New-Jersey, by this life, but have long lain aside theamtn on BIT ufB.8f. JoBBB, N. r^ U WodMs<ar>-Mkmac to the Oulf* These things are all the fruits of that institution which was the subject of Mr. Hdmteb's unmeasured eulogy on Tues-by the much-abused Mr. Baioos, of New-York. nable to the assaults of Our dyspepsia.day, by which,arrived hers at 1 o'oloek tUsShe will remain here aaariy tklrty-ilz hoWB, aa< wMinto athey might bhadow of which anerves,parties What the result is we all know., tn betaig preaent and 117 necessary to heart, relieved at intervals by some very pas- laws and moral agencies, so we desire to cul- ence to the disappointments of the Democracy ruddy cheeks with cocktails, long-windedness The D»ilf Neirt distinctly states (hit Lord^ jtx. Bkieaa, of New-Tcrk, added his voteand of their antagonists alike. For the last month the partisan journals of either side havedid not come to Ixmdon onsable flourishes of rhetoric, and concluding baton, and Hi. PnHnoTOH havine thus 117 with the stereotyped eulogy on the stars andwith andbroadshoulderswith profane swearing,^neglect of the ordinances of iMfeMl religion. Tallness was the only sign of^fWue tolerableany brought no propoelUon whatover! It—'lii rtivate none other than the moat fraternal ings with our Southernfrom the Senate of the United States a Senator,vices, sees fit to sendand breadth of the land hia proclamationlengthsteadytendencycontempt for his own body, as the author ofat Baner's Ferry, yesterday discharged should form and express opinions on Slavery, most earnestly deprecate and desire to see ment, by raising frivolous objections to the But this generation, we are glad to see, is atRegular Accident*.InpMted the th^ce-told tale of his Kansas day and generation, and it often remains to Mr. Buckle's rule of averages ia busy with cans the stroBg impression on the Southern of article ; that crushing the body on behalf of for New-Tork.IThe Democracy used against the Republi- shall end by having the poorest possible kind charged Bbalt to-day. He win leaveitaA t]>e anlferioga of his family, and warned after ages to recognize, with sudden reverence, the railways. This Oxford philosopher, as the mind that the supporters of Mr. Srebkanwine water- Thasbscs Bvat* arrived bare to-day, tagainst the rash projects of John Hr. Wnaos at once wrote to Dr. Howg,the intellectimprovingbythe central truths which were to thembeforetheCommitteeto-morrow1Senator WiuoB was before tho ConuBliln l»4a^He sUted that early in May, I8S8, Mr. PoaoM eaatBtehisseatIntheSenateThis impression originated with the recom- the hardy, robust one is he who will win most and biformed him that he (Fobbbs) had baas aa^piofetasthe snggeationa of Fobbis, and urging sun and moon of their ethical or political when one white hat is seen on the boulevards, fere with the institution of SUvery, evenOne Boeton Committee. This flon Mr. WiMOW had supposed toadopted,and had known nothing more pect all men to have their mental vision and the law which determines how many gen- mendation Mr. Sbxbjcam and a number ofby prizes in the world, and tiiat, in short, natural by BaowB to go to Kanaaa to drill aoBO fsnaabyintellectualinfirmityofmankind,andnotex- havemadetheirappearanceatthesametimeiatiodneod Chamber, himwtf,There ia little of interest. Rumorsservitude is an evil,prejudice, but it is deep-seated and wide-spread, our various railroad lines. Pending the been recognized as such by practical politicians. and no one should expect that it can be up- discovery thereof, we beg leave, however, to The attempt to disregard and evade it has re-Hm OoagiMa having been fixed for Feb. 15, of f~t " 'Th* atataaient that Lord Cowlit's mission to and trust once more in Time, the painful cal trait which ought to suffice for foresaw that it must, inTint^m* had any relation to the Italian question is aalhoiitatively deni^.The Democrata of the First Congressional Dis-man, oogtatAmitunLLi having resigned, and of a I treaty having been exijcated betweenhistory,the exclamation that the firstrequisite JoMurithe reader knows or ought to know,avers thatmetint to assert the right of the North to inter- tbayood the reach of Bbowh the arms system. They should, then, be tolerant of the a certain number of other white hats must where it exists by virtue of the local law.ing itpear;«f the mattaroBUI tiie outbreak at Harper's Ferry purged from their birth of the mists and preja- tlemen shall eat omelettes aux fines herbes at other prominent Republicans of a book in abilities and industry equal, ue man is in 1857; that Baowa had Bot paid kirn for Us lai Momd. While these investigations were beingpneMflOf at Wadungton, it is understood ttiat the dices which obscure the radiance of the truth, their breakfast in New-York on a given day, is which the Slavery of the Sotith was emphati- most successful who at the close of his trooblewaf Stxms was proceeding at Charlestown, or hope to see them all ascend at once, with just as fixed as the principle viiich controls tdalthat his (Foaaaa') foaillr was atanfagnil ateamahip Ctty of Manchester, fron Qneens- philosophy. The general sentiment of civilized may be sure, a discovertUile ratioruUe of the pression, of course, and did great injustice at tortures of a disease, united with BaovB and othera. He said that, smae of tke aiBH towB CO the I3th inst., having put in at St. Johns, hereditary» f'l lor eoala, furnishes us dates one day later and Christian nations, that the condition of in- simultaneous slaughters which are now least to Mr. Sbxkman, but it was a great po- the pangs of fever, wrung from the great Na- which were sent to Kansas had passed into Bmiwiftmany praminent practical and scientific men. seem to be aiming to combine in defence of train of passengers through a rotten bridge at of Achilles, when he watehed from collegiate amusement are consoled by the re- afterward, and did not know that Howa had seat his letter to Baowa.fe tke State Senate, vesterday, reports were pre- their cause all the calm and solid dignity of Schaghticoke, and murdered almost one human his tent the Greeks and Trojans fight- flection that experience and research are daily The Resident Democratic Natfooal Committeesented favorable to the bill for prevention of recognized opinions with tlie fierce impetuos- being to each director, this trait came out on ing at the ships, "that both might be showing the intimate connection that exists ssveral days ago, instructed their Chairman to cailB^tey."^ Noa>An1valofiheAbsuiIobin the transfer of stock, to the bill givingthe inqueat. The management had knownto better men,'" between men's and the condition of on Senator Hasoh, to Inqaire Into the anOteatleltv offor charged with the last prisoners felonyityutterly destroyedandgive placemoralitybefore the Harper's Feny Cammittaa. Ha wM long assured tbat no information had been fomlihsd byIlat after trial, and the bill in reference tothe newspaper di!i>atches In relation to the pmaoodheirs and devisees. Mr. Bobebtson tatiwhiced his bill to amend the Uetropolitan Po-SMprosperity, and the surest guarantyof the State, surelyof theper- let the trains runon over it all thelagsI againstsame.may now enter into these contending factions, and thatVew-Ton City to raise money bv tax and loan ;Mand Mr. fj^mja, reported the Pro Rata Freight . BiU with a written report. Thursday of nextef jgTBtioo, Dr. Gcaa for an applied131 Congress-street,miles on hour, and rolled down an embankment daybreaa this morning. Loss abeat $MM>appropria- tiOB to pwhia house rent for the year. There is;as usual, on the feny-boat but fromtyabout fiftydae tbeffifbrant counties about 120,000 for«ar, passed,to the enlightened judgment and water, the truck falllDg on the deck of the boat, bat of thetush.canofdiatieaeedemigrants. Six hundredanda country good"deal more than the organ-Noa-Arrival of Ae ItaittPoaiLsn, Wedosaday, Peb. 1—U P. UkNo aigns of the steamabip Ntrtk Aiiunetm,t»^,ization of the House." Theof a nation have of course not a little to dowith its destiny, but the health and happinessof the individuals who live under them havea great deal more. Constitutions and acts ously iBJotedof the Board of Currency last"ism ?streets In this ci^. Hewas and had a unmarrieddoe with Liverpool dataa of the laifc oU' Weather cold and calm.AmABA Waleeb. of xWriwiMereeting paper on the character and in-».#9)mfc D^oaita, in which he advocatedonlysister In Springfield...-Hon.Massachusetts,The Htfm<• Bniar of Dsnu MoEbonr, after delibe- lattif tknai^ Taeiday night, came into Court— BcioumesB of weakneas tlie secret.miBglving that the foundationa are not well laid of the im-goingto all say,, j._v had been performing with Mr. LnaHAii, at Snrlagfield, city, snd sent to their boarding-house, No. 64 Hud-the Itaitl,hotel,Sataidsy,^the tdal of Jon CBimimra forwe weretics of the men who are to obey them. were seriously injured. They were brought to this00t2,(X)0 In Spanish money, one hnndred nti piae«aftakingslaves ?"Is he afraid to trust to free thought,of a new-found propaganda.If Slavery really is the greatest source of the that the bridge was rotten, certainly, but they will join with us, we trust, in the more humane their stomachs. We have been cherishing toosilence impertinent objections and to bring all which occurred yesterday afternoon on the y»akwa«,aftersomediscussion,fixedforitscon- mento theultimateconvictionthatitrealizes Philadelphia,Wilmingtonand BaltimoreRail-Administration are as to be tolikely brought TheVtna, BtnLDixosorthecbhtkai,BAii,aat».Albast, Wednesday, Pah. I. Two brick bnildinga attached to the roond 1road, but in which, however, no lives fortu-were lost precisely the same trait t^ltmt of School Buildings, and Messrs. Laim- Why should the Senator from Virginia, who can gleams vividly out in every line of the telegram ffWJMrf Lywn, to the ef^ct that they had thor- find no langiuge eufficiently graphic to depict which narrates the incident. It runs as fol-lightthe BeeUBg of the Board of Education lasthas its comer-stone in the Divine sanction.natelyCentral in this dty, (RailroadCompany,mHitt^*nportwaareceivedfrom the Snperio-ofthedestroyed by fire this morning. Loss about $1,0M.aagPy examined the Free-Academy buildmg, and faaai it nerfectly safe.hia enthusiastic admiration and love of negroWe think It not at allthat the es-bondage, ^Atlteweekly meeting of the Commissioners "agitationgymnasiaprincipalw i*" Market and Maahattan CaawaaaCB_____the perfection of human society, and that ithavemake Slavery so odious that the white peopleat our two ——freeaad $2,034 66 were received for commute. moral instincts of mankind ? Does the truth doingIveuly-fimr aHen passengers arrived during thespeech,fear the grapple with falsehood, and can it"it is allied to intolerance and upheld by despot-.*nodamagetoher. ThepassengersInthekeep- ing-car knew notblag of the affair for some minutes after.It is supposed that the Ice on the brakes prevented them from acting properly. The Btall-car came near going over, and tha mall agent jumped from the win- dow, bat the brakaman promptly !dlsconaect«d thesupposedinstitutions er, and lived only about four hours after the accident.ofoerad a verdict of Guilty, with a recommendstlon and pompous declamation he has erected, andwhich this is picture(Oyer aad Tenniner) yeaterday morning, and ren- "He was remanded for sentence. Uoa-wllh tlie anuder ot Jobb Lbabt, Nov. 23, 1859, at the colors of a glowing imagination.argumentfear that thiswillanyof the South will have to emancipate theirhave free course and be glorifiedwhenHe had been In the employ- ment of the (Company for twelve years.nearlyThesingularsensitiveness of the Sena-Rev. Hebbiu RicEAaseoB, of Worcester, was seri- on the head and elsewhere, and had one ofhlslegsbioken. He was on hli way home, and wasKoWorr. 'J.he be anre, as maythe inward con-after all but and ink. paperA Mr. OoBKi, who was said to be seriously Injured, was left at Palmer, that being thought the safest ar-who arrived at 0ds M portposing superstructurespecionsof the Bank of England, honorary dsoorathias, es, jewels,i>etrayingdent togethertries of South America,should de-When a new-made bride waswere doing away with the necessity any member of the Committee or Clerk for paUiea-nothingthe Canals was discussed in Committee of the light its preachers more than the fullest discus- and several other persons were mortally mang- Congress, after wasting nearly seven weeks of for physical strength, and that our mission tioti, and that the statements seat sbroad wsrr aoact. The bill to means for providecompletingpetuity,instantlykilled,chineryVkUe until noon, when the Senate went into iix- sion. They should rejoice to have all its pecu- led, the other day, on the Hudson River Road, the time in "eentive session, and confirmed Messrs. Schdltz, publicBbbbsict, Asabli, Whitiko, and Mastev, as liarities held up to the clearest light of day, it^ the same trait reappeared. A brakeman had in- may now set to work to redeem its own repu- think. We are discovering, before it is too THB lELAL OF AITOBBW BTBVEHS, ATCHABLMWWa.Haiher Maaters, and MeMVs. Seauan and supposed merits examined and its alleged de- deed precipitated the calamity by his careless- tation and relieve the suffering interests of the late, that even to think well we must have aTHAtoilZBas WardensofthePortof New-York. fectspointedoutandcriticised. Thiswouldbe ness,buttheengineerofoneofthetwotrains laigs nmnber of petitions were presented in thedealbesidesbrains.KAILBOAD ACCIDENTS.Aeeldent on Wcatern RaiUwad—Par- theBALTtasaa, Wedaoaday, Feb. L hascometohandttMiightbcmChsttsecountry.At least, we may all rejoice that the corrup-the existing prejudices against it, to gine " notoriously imperfect" In an accident tions which have grown up under the existinggreatNothingtown, Ta., coaceraiBg the bdal of Sibvbbb, oataW there for participating LaJonBaowi*! larasiaa.Aaaembly. Mr. Pomd introduced a bill to enable the piaincBt way in which to remove which came into coUision was driving an en-lows" BALTmou, Peb, 1.—This momiog, about 2H tablishment ofimprobable:o'clock, as tne train from Philadelphia reached the Susquehanna River, the express. mAll, and sleepingwss de*«yod by too partiallytoo much headway, the express car went over into deepfeet81MOH Daily, a brakeman, who was on the rear car,WSJrun thecar overboth HeIs over, passing legs.to have off. Be was left at Palm- jumpedsuredln the 3,200.1 Of cooqnilaory depodta, the re-jUm9, Ac., a* neceeeary to the tor to Northern sentiment will he interpreted, eoopllBg and thus saved further disaster. The acci- of Congres;, and decisions of Courts, are left at Worcester.Cbabxbrob, TsaadaT.MBi lt» Gen. Delza, Ambassador &om one of the ee<^wlUi the storm trahi her* tUl « o'clock."delayedthe arrival of theTheyOfaoerre thersngemrnt.Mr. and Mrs. Jamis Bisslis, actor and actress, whounconsciousness withpcdnted.A train consisting of a mail, express andtoMOB WAT waa then placed on trial, before theaaaeiniiafi(Iboxaham)andanotherJury.charged ofSouthernsociety,whichhehasdepictedin fulemployes,thelatterfilled withpassengers, had. Theyhaveboastedsystemsofjurispre- B.bruisedabouttheheadandback. Noneoftheiris driven on board the upper deck of a ferry denee more logical, more scientifically ar- Injuries are dangeroos ; but they will be oonfiaed toexquisitethat aetorieaa locaiity. Crown's Comer, m the Five Another no lessPolalat'wbeie an oAnown man waa killed byJiHMk who WBB tiled and convicted last week. In ment of the Senator, and of Southern men waters of the Susquehanna. " Too much legislation that we can ever hope to " defj of one of the wheels, and while the remaining cars of day from LlverpeoL A tremaBdona gals provall-'22dthe uit,ftoiB wBahlngton of the final 'ker llSRded much satisfaction,constantlydemandingforitnewsecoritieBand withi—ts freight of valuables and its possible neighbors as an organized community is due, paasincreased protection. We at the North feel no agentcould not stand—so was the great.hefound that hepinngea over ihe bows of the as we have already said, in the main to the motion—and was obliged to retrace his steps, Hef«^T«7poaitivehiflnencemsuchsolicitudeabouttheA somewliat live- aSf'V^ piavaUedffor Floonwi at nnifom latea."came near going over"—so near that the agent had to save himaeif by "jumping out of but a miraculousmen and women and no one who knows; any-thing of the habits of the Anglo-Saxon races canhas sereral severe bums added toSaoo, Mo., WedneKlay, F<*J' for 'be ru—, ,.ment," and we are perfectly wiUng that itcompanionship hethe numerous bruises received. v.._iwereThe election of^isWe are Informed that a lady wasJ^lJ^jdtes 2l8M2Siutf^l°r''»"'''"^°'"-actively sought r^Se^^tedS!^.***~'*°n-"their avowed preference of slave to free some minutes after" no more, doubtless, thanhas enormousa broken arm. but vre were'>»'^.}°,„*^'"f unable to ascer-%|^ enersl weekly maiket beeves sold at nearly }e. jp^ft, esthnatad dreeaed mMd, higher than tWJMviDa* market. Some oTna best went at ^JfUc-i those of good qosUty nofsd at aboutits eonatilutional will not more obligations, giveeScient protection to the institution in the ren-from The " brakea" are toYork or Boston or London barrister or mer-in the full blaze of success, ia a phe- A^e^cldcDt OB tfco PUI«*oI»hta, WUaslagtoB BM* BaHtaaore Kallrosid.^-^gioe. TU iMltBli lllpiIT"'''quiet. after.itappe- in their but it is also the most industri- There are no limits to the tasks it imposes on its brain and nerves. There are no men who undergo,1,.Boiler^, r ^'""fKt'h:ei,Sier"oTMe..r.torial rhetoric of Mr. Huhtzb. O"*" branchea either of these gentlemen to theSaxonraceKap'o^^^,^^ BLUaJgUringfeature of theboat about topushoff into the broad anddeepand morecomprehensive.It is not inthe house several days.No aigns of tho Americ*, now m her nlnelsiiBlB breaking IsOpwt adjoiuned till to-day.I tnoMCtioBs oceiuTed in Stocks, though,''^ ~"^ micea were anstained. Less acs- of the Union," " which has sustained all stable the whole train rushes the deck, and the to the best efferts of ourware about 25 pasaengers la It at the time, aad theya but ramblingnoisewhichproeedsdtheaeetdentBALnaoss, I*.^ Wetosadl^P*.both "aoraial" andture of awouldtheLb the Money Market. No Im- Ooveramenta and £cee institntions," aretiaaspired in loan or discountto— onlgsuch an alongThere withiiutituUona, would provoke from no Northern State the threat of secession.We find no such confidence, repose and secu- rity at the South. What means the incessant—a com-nonewereThis forenoon vepr MiTCBBi's grainbM^ '^complaint of our Southern brethrenthe tremendous strain to which professional accident took pla»* •« fi""•The J"•"'""Ex-Gov. Chase Ihteo-night noaiiiia^djbroa tha"perfect,""keystoneguardpreventtrainedwhateverwith the^esiireB*J^^'^^r'M*O?-systemwhich the Senator regards as " only an experi-once encountered the stove, ana aa a memento or theIfOKIXATIOHAt the Democratic Convention,J»««t, ?*B and Bariey were spariii|iy dealt hi. shoold be made " the subject of persistent at- the window"— brakeman.whoJif" arameai was apparent in the market forV?^.^??.e''d I«fd. which were In &lr request. forty years." happened, through nature, '"'iSi.^ were saleable at unaltered figures, fears that it win not survive the professional to be en the spot, and to have his wits aboutthe bounding of the car upon the sleepers. Immediate-R. Lr«A» and Auoosms HAnrss ""T"Metala, Hay, Leather,^^ej. Hemp, Dyewoods,j2^B.lt««igeeda were gen^y"thus saved further disaster."of ourthereis nouseinTheIlde of the track. The rear car was thrown off,Ail the occupsnUvoted down. ^theyeartheto bewe can claim over ourhereaboots, becameso alarmed that he to attemptedmofatogyPresidency,of the afiiiir forname. B,..ldea those above mentioned,argn-ranged,The car was thrownfrom the trackbythethe train were left In an upright position this was train, competition." Frenchmen, Mexicans, even tnmbled, as stated, down an embankinent of Cfty feet, at Jwienrn waa yesterday completed, and the while they uphold the institution of Slavery as and there iMing evidently Bothing in the na- Chinese, have all drawn up codes vrhlch a making several revolutions during the descent Therelaghere.^^^^^ Anrs* of a MardoroTbAlM^eaae,the evidence both forprosecutiod generally,deserves notice. It is this: Thatheadway"isthoughtlessly givento thistack for more than We have no some convulsion ofaor goodness uponwhether for theirbadnessto stop «bebat in » fewOne 1. a D""*""• ^^special pleading of Mr. O'Coicoa, or the Sena-promptly disconnected the coupling and The passengersAnglo-across the tr«!k. car were entirely unliyured.plaint well founded to some extent, as we free- easily have worn a sterner name, supposethemselves. The New- haiSg'^eT d^y«<l " in England, subject minutes. ,6Jt, thlrty-fiv=Senator by RnxihUBaaCams, tnt ballot. The eloettoatataaplaeo toeaorrow.^,J»lsrar.St. iMBtf, Wodjwaday. Feb. t."aulrxiwlenp teAHMd earcases. At yesier- ly admit,—that the North, in the discharge of that the ice on the brakes prevented themtsd Sla'escan beto qaaUty. Qood cowa sell a little bet- falUng outward? What meana tha nnlrer- tainly not more cool than the easy disregard of hours over his books,fugitives from service," and thus by preventso easilyaccounted forbyP^The river is fidlle(8ttU8p<riBt, and**»tleadingexpress-carsure,was arrested here delphla officers. HeBlaiae Polltloo. OTDELIOATBSTOCHAB1W«W-acting properly."be congratulated that their" action" improperchantnomenon such as catmot be witnessed in anydition of "i^mi aesrsi grades all the war cwwn to 7e., an external pressure its walls from But the Ice which blocked their coga was cer- other countries. The German plods nineCST TBuaaaia.] nuTnwBB. Wedneaday,This ««Binj*lwU Hknew — nothinga most gluttonouswho hadtain the fact, or the lady'sin Car No. 8they would have known of U, had they beenThe authors of this mishap, which might sorace,tites, and is not always scrapuloiubehind thelong into forty feet of ice-cold water, packed helpless in their berths.etCfeaaa. af OkWftv rbe Catted SottooHeaare.CtacDnAo, WWasadar, Pab. 1. was Uni-draggedexpressand the mail head-yc elaccident,juristsupeiieritysuperiorstrangeOne of Jamis Milleb, chargedhopethat aspiritofnationalitythe absurd conceit that science and ma-but afterNew-Tork abeat Wedaeatay Mit.The dtp eftUnekaUr axperlenoed a sneeaaifaa afheavywseterlygales.their beat to fix theof this tedious disorganization on their op-Government.The telegraph between Ihe Channal Uaate aailFrance has beenAn exaggerated aooomit of the strlngaaoy of ttaThemust rebuke vrith a wish to shelter the Administration from subject of health being contained in a profoi^_^^^^^The Harper^ Fetrr AXUr.free.lanky, dyspeptic,election of any candidate decidedly committed to the Opposition.last beginning to recognizethe truth that if wedenounced as an evil to be assailed in allmost dinners with least;In Europe, and that the man ia Oe Seat who had contributed money for the dafenee of Kaaaaa oogM toto a forward car, bat tqiOD reaching the platformoffreelabor, boat Into the stream. The mail-car mentalandmoralcharacteristicaofindividual hadjustclosedthedoorwhenthecarfell,.sndhedHe- scribes his descent as aaything but agreeable.him,—digestion. denying—W.I left^Sladlng of this,„the weather.fiiU of floBt-Untitled Documentbut he is never excitedlickipgitself intoshape," henceforwardwas todevise,and and part of the testimony, bat that they may have beaa invent, furnished by witnessea sot under oath.or over their books,orintheHouseofComsaons,onemustCombine with this between Philadelphia and much devotion to law, and physic, and science,we hearwas no pretence of the violation of any law, or Baltimore has become the coffin of twenty or and theology, and comimerce, this feverish bankroenL The express naUcoBductca' wasticalarsoftheCasaalty—Namesoftke!- jared.From the Boton Pott, Feh. 1.A fatal accident occurred on the Western Bail- road, yesterday afteraoon, which resulted In the death of one person and the Injury of many others more or less seriously. The last car but one of the New- York mail train, from Hartford and New-Haven, was thrown off the track at a point about a quarter of a mile this side of Wilbraham and four miles from stats of learning Harvard and Yale within Palmer, while the train vras going at the rate of thir-the last few months, is an event which, little attention as it excites, will influence the futureintheHouseundertheswayofMr.Pen- KiKGTON as they could have been under any other Speaker whatever.Physical Training.BOOT AUD SHOE BTOBB AI TEOT.TaoT, N. T., Wednesday, Feb. IThe boot and shoe store of G. W. Seaxab, Ko-owe, their real value to the mental and moral characteris-A great many races and nations have hadbvDr. Frrca. Mr.that there is something rotten" in the Utopia sleeping car, the two former attended by wake- just as good laws on paper as ever we have who is the father of Mrs. Tbomab Baut, was severe- to $IT,000."son-street, and attendedBtDcus,that these characteristics in deny — — depend,The conductor, Mr. Bshjamik Hosasi, who heard Congressional District, held inW<»**^^^ '"" „great degree and the strengthlypulledIhebell-ropetrain,gate,toCharleston.gratificationous and restless race in the world.probablysefloufly Inju^^thoufbhruised. Sever"arlfl.aRd»le"s°w°e.r»e»S^e cl^was more or less t"^"•i^'-w'^c^^-fp-^'-^t-o^rr^^^ &SoS^^«""^*^^ce-^u-.L^f-""f ^"' oorttoTof tha^lk^^^-JJ^.H'^,^^;tajarlngI complpoliticalpronoimce lawgiverswere warsed of the approach of daagar by thepassengers,Mr.LooaAii,aaactor,weUknown GemannamedHuravGAUiaa,atand business men here, and sUll more truly ./i^k «iid the train arrived JI^nu^^;pur- suits are civilized and refined, but our hungerTheis devel- torment every partisan as much as it will continues barbarian. We work as if we were pool Jan. 11, aad (Joaeaitowa, at 4 P. M., «B«elMi^Thisterminationoftheconflictwill nodoubt delight every patriot in the land. Drawn afl(teamahipCityofMknekt$Ur,fio»SN*.has been saved by the fact (hat an idleToDk ss Nma—Tbb Docbu- cept its conclusions, sets us a-thinking, and a This is the truth, wiilch it is needful should could hardly lament the resignation of the game door exercise, and the leisure that it She npoits havteg seen bat vary little ice.—Aft»i—o« TaittouiMr Fa«m- genious argument, even when we do not ac-;by both champions, though the one were a MoEFHT and the other an Axdbbbes; andtHaUM/nUXOAIS-LA Jon > LA HAaoN—ir>ii9 Mu.TAnnraoiT'i Duainasophism, the fallacy of which demands neverso slight an exercise of acuteneas to detect, isshock ofsociety."be spoken now, and spoken, too, in no spirit of hostilitytotheSouth. Werespecttherights—We, no such The havingpoBiUvely refreshing. Bat we cannot in con- we would not interfere with the institutions— when the night fell upon the terrible field of eases IcnowB to pharmacy. The Americanscience say that Mr. Huntkb has gratified out of the South fulfill all Chalons, the wretehed country people of Cham- women have already succumbed, aad owing to;we would scrupulouslyBKOAOWAT-MOBSL or reasonable hopes of entertainment He has the requirements of the Constitution in our re- pagne were probably too happy to find the the exertions of pious professors, the ignorant Another rumor Is <o the elTaet thatneither impressed us by the philosophy, nor lations with our sister States. It la not pleas- great fight come to an end even to inquire precautiOB of fond parents, in early life, and an realgnod his posldoB at Rome.rttyjM SAIOOK-OMMaCnan'* Ituiiniu. startled us by the novelty of his notions. ant to feel to these assertions, whether Attila or Aetiub had won the day. insane devotion to money-making in after It Is also reported fliat a tiealy of >obliged repeat nUflBOABDnr—Tax Aunaaft C«.'tIfaASiux. His historical statements were not fortified by for no man cares to make solemn declarationsSo now the citizens of the United States In years, the men are on the edge of the bees coocloded betwaen Praaoe tmi^ITOWS OF THE DAT.'. "Ika toBg-dimwn b«ttle for the Speakership ishis But we repeat them. As we are readyabysswhich the student of th^ast generation lived,*duty. toailing68f.75c.Jaa. IS. The Dst/y Newt" City Artlde says the tmk. Coattaaif aManMiKfact, and hla theories were sadly bare of illus-general will unquestionably exult over the es- cape of the Govenmient from the wilderness of debating and balloting in which it has for forty days been lost, with a profound indiffer-into which their mothers andThe Reotss have advaaoed, at eloalag t»4^It was the same oldMthe influencesof which we are all of us. Northerners and Southerners both, beginning to know byunderL«n«v, Pridar,that he will keep his word and doofsisters have fallen.twenty-fourrequires, fashionabie.advices by this arrival are oas day later, tf telegraphfromLondontoQoecnatowB.Pabis, Thoraday, Jaa. IL A rumor Is current that the Congressprotection,arefallingvictims to all the dis-Funds.TBsmfoar sBMHti «bb bbsatkBKBATOB WILSOB OB TBI 8TABI>—THB nHA& AX CHABLBSTOWB.WASBmna, Wednesday, P*. L seek to turn ourselves altogether into sool, we The Harper's Ferry Investigating Cofanttteefcstrength;pale, sickly—is like^what you gain in volume yon lose inthat thestudentcareer has digestedconceivable ways. It was an incorrect im- difficulty. The Count db Ssoint relates that the pay him. Be was mnch eacUed, aad daaoaaeadcally; that he was mat a country litical fact, nevertheless, and ought to poleon, on one of the most critical days in tus safe and that these anus to be takaa o«ton have hands and were stored in Iowaof good generalship was good health.) ibd Itogland, form the staple of the news. rooted in a day. We should be patient with it, suggest that in all these instances, one identi- sulted as all thoughtful observers from the first records that in his calmest moments he ad- that Baewa might retaliate any attacks npoB-Kaasaareappearsdrivingmother of aU-truth. all practical, if not for all philosophical purposes Party back from the position it had assumed, bad suggested, and we have no doubt that he contributed arms for defence ia ^«r*Tt. toIt is a curious phenomenon of our own day in dealing with them, and that is a certain and compelling it into a victory which strange- would, if the occasion bad arisen, have ex- get those arms out of BaewB's hands, aattiiet of Maine held their Convention yesterday to and nation that all opinions favorable to stolid and frigid recklessness of human life ly resembles a defeat. tended its nowDate Delegate* to Charleston. Of the gentle- "to in life. piaco them In the control of reUabie saaaevery pursuit in that Territory, who would see that they ware ealy man Mlacted, one was a friend of the Admmistra- Slavery should be regarded as conserva- and the common obligations of duty, which has The Democracy on the other hand, can hard- Health is daily becoming more and more a con- used for defence. He said that if those anas shnnldapplicationtiaa, aad the other of Hr. Docolas. Besolutions tive" and " practical," while those opposed to apparently assumed the character of a chronic send many pceans over the elevation to dition of success. The " favored races in the be used for it would involve the maely upJawwaUe to the latter gentleman were voted it should be stigmatized as the " Utopian" and malady with our common carriers. It de- the Chair of the House of a Republican whostruggleillegal purposes,for life" are to be more than ever who had coxttriboted them In trooble. Dr. Hova Im-down. " " "wrote back that an order had baem seal to BaowH to deliver up those arms. The matter pswiil RY Clat. Both parties have l>een severely venerable professors and theologians, out of bis mind, and be supposed all was right Ho rlali»aieit yeaterday by Prof. 8. W. Johnsoh. The application to it of that dread political ban- When the Directors of the Albany, Vermont disciplined; and those who, like ourselves, whose magnanimous reproduction of old never had heard a word about the otganlxatiaa oftheoretical excesses of a false philanthro- mands for the patients' sake, as well as for our iaaUtatad in connection with Yale College, was py," and their expression denounced by the own, a sharp and speedy remedy.the censervatlveof Hb5-races. Wethe mediatelyne opening lecture of the Agricultural Coarse,representsWhiggerythe healthytrust, too,of Us control. that he retsrrsd to Iho Supposingthe by going into Missouri, he wrote to Dr. Hoob, mtfRepublican hered to the maxim which his own sulTerings gestlng to him to see some of the men wbo hadHe resided at the coraor of Federal and Shavingly bruised about the head, limbs and back, and Mrs.the hardness of our muscles Kconds after the car was thrown off on the rlKbthsbnudt as AdmlnlstraUon man. Douglas reso»u—thitJy^a^tS"Si«s»'dcI*o'clock, as Uw »»» h«lofISth Febmary.Border diiEcnlties between Missouri and Kansaa, aadwas robbed at hiscoinage of 185», $1,500 in ten and twenty-powsd BO>»uioso watches, *c., the total amooBtiag Ib vahw'^Traak]<Halitat, Wodeaoday, Feb. 1-8 '•"voGttAPM.thiswill betaken on this alteiBBsei, Thomas M. Tryniski 309 South 4th Street Fulton New York 13069www.fultonhistory.com 