 W ', I\I . ||W- m;Itleaani*, shoold be inancipated the people by removing ,perceive what waiathohes, breaking the fetters of en-'tba; vijlenage was 1i, and providing for tbe education\ ifhed it. She eaw ree labor. She perceived tbat Ja- the agents of abuecIndies were reduced to bankruptcyunder martial law,'.acy and s'ave ayetem. The ownersand roin, and ahe ex tbe Colonial authorities besiegedt h e disabilities of d titions for rt-liof; they begged fortoil» and mortgageecompetition with the products ofjuud projection o f fregioos, and Parliament, by pro-maica and the West them the monopoly of the Englishby tbe abcentee ageii not suffice. British atateamen,of estates there and ninadon, resolved upon the bo d>n own 1aidy and intelligent s< the ax, free immigration ai m with voluntary self-gratify ii»a begrudging, extorted toil.eafreemanandfreehold-ximo over Virginia—her;reate tropicsil wealth, heris seizing the plough a^d. t h o•Ijj•I 5,H1 I| |B | §i | | | Eg £| | I f| | Ip Bl | • | | l |B, HEg | |B.B HHW%1: ll!• i tHi; | § M| l l B M ll11 i i if l lBR'mHmPJ | | Iffi HI | HBIf•BK t > . BBIf5M •H.\ BBBMBMB- ' <t §§||i\*.'4 P}[ff[|ii^* -- t--i.B -££I 'lMURH^AY,^AfltlABir 36, 1860,»; "'— •••---"tie nance o f the originating auee of q d a n ; ^ Mexico, ,uider the aufl]•marked tn« career of Jefferson in all its aspect), or dos more thoroughly adhere to what mkedern Democrat:life has been devoted to Miseoori,:and that of my fa-iber (with whom I feel that I bave always lived, al-hough apart from him) spent betwveen the two #reatSlave Staiea of tbe Potomac, I canr not be ignorant of latter design i»ta lutely—persons under all lawa, human and divine, and contmned Jie have rignts—a man who h<.ry. principle was denounced in the first, the imperishable ant Declaiation—under the Sc< md, the ordinance, Slaverybe "was excluded ^rom all the national territory, and the ion Constitution, while recogi iiting its de facto existencead in some States, so far a a tie nation was ooncerned, XIG would allow it only to opei its as making the condition jie of " persons held t o teivi e," not property held abso-the lace of tb< very langu«g< we will rene1? and our mos their noblest ^jjr< BJ^-^..'..,E S ^ S S ^ ^ B W ^ ^ ^ ^ H p r*"arn everything for them into its own ^ ^** sepectLive labored. T h e was advised b of tte institution with which they h:nd national domain by aflirooin[jid Congresp? under the authith Under this view of the supjta of the Republic, the Republi3r- auy and all the department;cb Slavery over the nation's ttins ation oh which the fatherstns o n which the Republicanie, troubles of this country are[r. eion, it must come withti, was excluded from the :theordinanceiuthefirst'__.gIf§| |ll8B - , W*---| ; ^| |* . ! |..!I| "i -R•?, .Hi„|BK ;*: . all bia mfluence, i »nd the force of a*l his civil fnnction->ck of that middle- foray upon Ni lnded. They are of the best 8tO<the country from the Administi class that built up' the glory o f 1*it givingFreeLaborarooth epublicanpoi-tyisthatof t0divide Statee^^ :hibiting dnties, ><avef the monopoly of the British mar-m a r k e t . T h i s w o u l i r i s l a n d s n a v « * g r a d u a l l y b e c o m e <jBow does it happen, when the inktereets of the tworeat c?asses of the South are opposedd t o t h e r e n e w a li the slave-trade, and the filling u p with exotic bar- urij»n<$I Pnr &&*} f r e e Territories, rethis has not pre e r n m e n t s a r e BT incident to the,4 eclaimed from n a - majority of the- SLAVERY AND FREEDOE..- JjL , •_--THE GREATCiUEaTIOS OF THiB BAT. ••;n -'•—A JSPEECH,BYFRAUaelP.BI>AIB,Jr,of Mfawnri,delivered attfie Cooper Institnte last eveiling. —•ostalee being cut into *mal?Ibomes*'eads, and all fca of Richard oi children made to spring frojn the sottil Which fljey a r e efforts work y mtere-ted to improve and defend, ILouis Napoleon, a t declaimers coihe a n d Central Ainenoa, iry would: invoke t h e ,prijin France against ;.tibS9 n tie- thewar&>rslaveproj the not furnish the instance' iof g r i n d fabric of Qoyernmeito. byalittlewar. Ifthe his. spread Slavery oyer Ianh ith to conquer for principles tc es- beyond its limits ia opposed put ernment in such, a cause, id. ments on all sides, and i n the preparation for it on one sivia the,/ West Indies. —heroldeata detSon o f England a d d added honor Iibueters * l e t loose b y State and of'tl**•mo.F.P.ButiR, jr., of Missouri, gave last •vening, before tb<j Young Hen's Republican Union, I| fc tbeGreatHall<>ftheCooperInstitute,alectureoa•*»y» } down maurre There neodB itrumpet-mout Congress, t b t States approv John Brown's should go thr< tbe oppressed abet Brown'stbeynotbeti the Southern J holding consti persuade ever a body of frie victory, whe:in already. But there will h no war—the slaveholdersfee" unionist i n Since this doe early part of ence of this cc' * **Tbe Attitude of )Parties." Upon the platform were/es eral Government b yto cemented by the capital ii ito• arenotinclinedtostakeitivo'ved in their insti ution,11on a war against free in-rith the charge of standingist that power of tbe Cdn'3 iitsafeundertheshieldof "dency toIj»anyo f thenxxitprominentRepublicanso ft h eaid irevto we toetitotions, nor v> tax i t armicB to preserve i t ago: federacy which now rende the Constitulion tbey are c; their own importance, n o would be swallowed u p manders brought on the a their case would soon veriJnouncea as " showin? the " RepublicanThe meeting wais called to order by the President of UxuoB,Hr. CD[AS. T . RODGER*, a n d HIRAM B.VR- jrrr, esq., "was okirted Chairman. After a few pre- . Sminary words, ihe CHAIRMAN introduced the Hon. * M r . BLAIR, wbo was received wkh prolonged ande-«a>%hu*ia*tic applatise.L*fiies ond Gcnti*Mr. BiVAiRsaid:before graced holidays of Paris ? IThe Russian soldierresentativeB 1 formidable $ against South earth even to the negroes, < the absurd st< South that ;badgered anc North to tbe 1 o f its! hardy eGen. Green 1< .ts troubles,The John battery that g North it revhdoughfaces. Union, and < enrring in the public, tlmt S grees, under race receding and eflf-impel the colored n and improven race languish* into mongrel;The chiefs Government iin view to p trcm tbat wfrom the Sout avowal folio members of tl ihe North orTo be fnmaoxied b y the distinguished men of th Republican party to address the country through itio crown him with glory for his exopolis. on tbe important issuer of anelieve will influence its destinity for ages, is & high ax*i honorable distinction, of which Icploits. The Em- peror of Russia baa resolved t o p rrepare his northern hordes for conqneat in the softer n•egions of the south and east by making them freemen, tand inspiring their faculties with the enthusiasm whicl;h can only rise in a man who feels that he has a soul ama civil war, pointed t o slear in that the issue made a separation, both sections midable armaments in war ad France, and that therebat by reunion and the re- The owners of the wealth s in the panic Mr. Calhoun laration o n t h e pretense"National D will o f tbe i destroy the nt " ienoc evenis, upon the si paity," hecat Congress havand their del applause of e> The truth ifand noblest s piinciples are-1all-pervading metrep«*cb which all b ?profoundly aensible. I owe this prominence to Jiis- of his own on earth. He, tod, i t id body and a homesitnde xhe holds in the very heart of #ouri, ana tothe ft'the Republic. H eir introduction into the Union wa-t •%!><) zed b y a pacification which was hailed b y patriot* every wbei•e. hut especially i n the South, as>utroveTsy about a disturbing domes-«,uietrog forever OC. ti« inamntion at w ar with the elements of Freedom,. wbkb imbued at tlie beginning tbe State and National €ov*rnments. T ltat compact of peace to which she setty moatk^ereated, was broken with- her pea) aa the pan«ot having first t a lten a vote of her people to indicatehmx wiah ODa queetion touching so nearly her honor,rests. Now the vital inquiry recarshie banner t o that of Prussia and is said, has joined1 England, and de- mauds the right for the Italian peoople of establishing a government for themselves. T h <ie Holy Allies, that parceled out tbe people of Europee like herds as be- longing to them by divine right, a l l ,, eaye Austria, now admit that there is an original sovei:reignty in the peo- p*e which they are bound to resped;t. Austria herself intimates tbat she is disposed to refo:thing to tbe spirit of t^e age. :>rm and yield some-Have w e a n Austria lees a o cxjessible than thatof tbe Danube to the light spread <over 1he world byour Revolution ? Reform o f a ggreat abuse at warwith our political system, imposed bby a foreign power,and degrading to our national charrsacter, and wasting to sterility the very soil o f our country, is not only spumed i n the Slave States, butthat which makes such a blot on our continent, sets anuch a mark on our front as a people, threatens such fflatal results to thetthe contrived t o lead t o e»oly of the Tariff. .His a most, absolute influence*>well as her h*teia«raio—-what is to eordant dement si%on which i t rested, carried civil troyed tbe conpaxw a r into tbe Terri'<Dry from which, by agreement, it was•eif-^xciuded, and now daringly threatens t o crush . tb* Union itself, oxilesa permitted to command in the choice of the Chief' liagietrate of the United States.Re- tory, and the busy ard> i- o f Gen. Hamilton' con- istence, andde- stoutly on parade at home and appealing to the love bond of the 1 gro o f military glory among ie Southern leaders. T h e racy is a n o r nyf grand aim> was brought 0 a Tendezvoas under these party which f rof impulses; the blast of Gn. Jackson'B proclamation ernment and om scattered the military p h nuge and flags aa when a control tbe mi lite storm bursts upon a n Jit-a muster. The bres- all, is a sectio ing entpanic, like that j jtten up by the Bank, their bands afin which Calhoun and M Dullie again played bi. b tbe wolf to gi ew parts, is meant.to carry a Residential election. T h e the Union int-preme Court—noas her greatest crime, that "shee made cruel war tition of Slav"against bnman nature itself, i nl seizing men f o r learn to use "slaves, cairy ing them into another hemisphere, keep- kave, howev< " ing open a market where they Bhoculd be sold." Y e t many of the i.that part oJ t leverything fr* bitious instiu< tics always lo the chivalry,eometimes cal elevated qual them in its tri caroett Princ to light in thethroat., and -which iwere gradually to be relieved fromgrowth o f the white populationwith longing e obs," or little tenements held at wifi on wasted fields, timate possescie_ffssent of all interested jun race, which, whether; aade instruments of mis- ?hole laboring class of the free bibor of tae North. ory m the American wop- J our Republic should haveconstitution, o f«««*« sentiment o f treserve and N a r 0 all on one .'••,m08tthOTO^gh thall give Lia e: until after the ]than $1,000 for .morganization publican vote t systematic eilbiWc domti d<nbe done t o give repose to the dis-oong our institutions, which has di-j-However glozing rtliticiass may sophisticate about Union which bindB ns together in power, is now ex-its destruction Tbe Aboliti Disunion parand devoted all t o ui ion. Do the Republicans of the deriving all my early notions o f domestic relations present day maintitin the same Jib*ral principles which from a race exclusively Virginian, while my publici s attempted ing army laws o f the borders and c< in the South 1<-w«Te then held ias the essentials of Republicans m ? Thm m a question which history will settle, I will not now invoke tbat iimpire to pass upon the resemblance rties bear to tbe Republican par*y of except a s t o tbat peculiar featureiat of anothpr has no right, to < ds the right to the service ch h i s property. The Cone M-troy him; he may destroywH«h existing pa ,, prom ment and im- Ja« character and views of the most>lave States. T h e nortant class of the commanding SiWalker ree'etahe obtained alerus-itation, b y rejepting the term slave and snbstitut ig a phrase nnplying aSgSSij^llBh^A. -whichbsesuchp<>«veroverthoseinlovewithit,asto•,hecharacter,oiitsprincipalcitizens,buttothefaulti-ociatedinhidifferent and qualified r t ation, meant t o exclude R E P U B I ietandbondage,inexoryfortsanationalInstitution,correspondenceJeffeii»on3 time.decadence of those great States is n t to be ascribed to tbe advice ofhe the idea that Slavery w$anything m the eye of a devotee of Kketietffl. IH tbtnitution," that concerns the Govern- 1 ment of the counttry, that i s not shaped, tinged, and jeontroll* d by it 1 The Constitution will not he allowed to exi&t witbont, iiw 'The Onion must be broken down if it stands in tbe way of its extension, Congress must. • caerifj.ee t h e tilne-:hononsd compact universally r e - served by succeedive generations a s imposing a just1world's history doea not ahow a better Tace of men> which I have al- than the farmers of the States t oto throw himsnow raging irity o f tae Constitution. ime and fundamental laws an party ieuy the right, inThe Repub purpose of ch (jLJeago ConvMamt opon anch e;£tens:on. Tbe President must give never, and do not now, look upon 81avery as a good•riea, aoMauied brelnctant mass oftbem, and the Soprem* Courts must reverse au ita pre- cedesta to eptabliah the principle that Slavery, as aniasutntion, ia the fu-operty of slaveholders, which they may carry with th.em wherever they have tbe right t ogty themselves. >J ro«, was this the Republican doc- jfor aggressive party, laboring t»ti- the Revolution, breaking destroy the principles o f J° A. Kaason,tbe meu^oa an thestitution o f free labor possible.rendered the sobmd down the name of a man whoBietory doea not hil u p our Republican Oovernment,contr bnted to buihjlf for the perpetuation and propaga-•who d*!clarf a himK'he embodiea' South marked its rerajpixacy. Washingmtrymen when h e wrote t o La-his enlightened co«'jb him to Knrope, that he lookedfeyette, and throngirhen our Union would become M afor ward to a time v States," and Jefferwn later andconfederacy, of fr*e' admoniahed the South tbat thiamore emphaticallyfate of St. Domingo awaited it., when all Europe has been excited ie success o f our free institutions, ense abhorrence o f Slavery by its ver the South, that thin loveliest ^inenf, which wears this Bbirt o falready overth Slavery into 1 peonage, the h more readily h tuticn. Inexo: tension of Shrv k-agne with religion, a v\ Mexico, and t< whote membt o the Presid< Congress t o i:war, is that c persoES and p i Northern citize era States, andORGANL Correspondence o. Aoorresponc battle-ground f in which SouthhapH Southfern ;held where tbe Now.wekuc eouthern part, •tion of Slavery. "Iititution in consenting to the aboli- prvbolion of the ixuSlave Trade, aud ~>j branding it as tioB of the .Amean $ton declared the sentiment o f allthe acquiaitiou valuable cive to the security of a our Pacific States, aud, ;n of the African race,borninost be so, or the iK>maddened by ita views as not t o I S i t n o t a m a x m g ,jte* it? England found long ago to admiration by to;be blight o f the island. nu.d ibol- and t o a more inttbat the serfdom in Ireland under maJign influence o itee lord-?, with a tenantry enslaved xegion o f onr conihad reduced that inland to faminenis sufficient to < and in the enjo —pol) gamy. into a religious the swordof J tension of Slav he subserved 1Parliament with p epaying" tfie planters f o r their j i ions o f the West, thus securing tiJ ? R 0 M VJ"NK/quest, from A iing, with Vene:r o v o l u l i o n w a s- Tbe nav p^ded, therebydisc for vesselB Skipjack was irremain some tuUNROMANTIC „ ^^„„„ «,!«'.protection from the ing universal emancipation. The ! \ other angar-raising rithstanding tuc fact* that theyie encroachments of Slavery.them forever from Brown mad: ai have paid the pIcy, North Carolina, Ten-land will soon providewhom they may wish t om o v i n g t h e s l a v e s , w h ong colorB the future pros-iwered the statement thatie slave States, to enablealter tl»ororjgh exai.maica, which its mi'lstone mo't- land wi*e plan o f er, but which is surely emerging t negroea; and declariea. .England has extended the •,8nlt8revnlt ia that, notvo the East Indies. She ha^, aftsrwere aUo deprived otte rabellion i n Hindostan, takenbet, all of the ^u^at« tbe cause. India was reduced"proiptroos, wive J a ie despotism, of a trading oligarchy.gagea have kej>t and»ed them o f the dominion theyve savages with better rights, an<id whose presenceas never attended with such fatal omens, that thethat if. in the t they elect a R< annul the Cons tion of that inst: but for maintaii according to th« Will this outran0f oaths, add ar for which so mi position o f the defied, and p i h e Slave Srginia by q notations from dies in Parliament. tepublicans m regard to iwB to enlarge the pow-worn all its difficult!Jder the Crown, and assured the tsame liberal policy te" fa*^"OB8houtber conqnesr>i in apatting do »n the 1;rorid, England bas, of late years, tir hands—now the slavelimself and uis State of a y°un& man Jmeasures to extirpa t o vaeeala^e under tl £ngland has strip;ted acainst it in the North.T r e slaveholders are combined aders who undertake the champiHo has not tho pow-abuaed, placed it oiwever, that th e .ernment, w h i;, . it impossible, unit es they a ro driven out wrongfully upon e same difficulty rendersHer plan w now to conquer b y offspring ot ber own freedom, andto>a man under the»f can place them.remove the freed negroes—-t•then. I t i s British policy now every part of the vijxtends it over the earth ahall b s changed her policy, s the en»ign o f Freedom. O uaniacs who made the late foray att Harper's Ferry,id those v ho approve it, consist of a mere handful,roof that the slaveholders themselv<ee,. while tbe Ab-ition concoction has been bubbling iup iu its eflerves-rights ox the peop)npromote the BI contact with t mischief? Mart a s recently a t late letter of GGilding attach made slaves again, o r street. He sue •epugnaut neighbors, o r fectual gashes ii i propose t o bring the by the occupantakh 1 and power, toe only brought republican reform 0I but into the three kingdoms encir- nee comslantly, have never felt a n to retain the couqoei capprehension, ishas been always whole militaryr owners of slaves from ve them aud their States Slavery individually or.people iu the South w h o ' ty has. been unfortunate Ia of Presidents of late ry extreme measure on lestroy the Constitution hut the majority of the f choosing another man hink the public good re-;iou party.baa sprang up io the indicated Hchooie This Opposition party.•• t h e• .free matitutions overrown- It is making progress, and f ond in the fact tbat slave property h18tancte 8amor from that quarter to compass tthese schemes ?The politicians of the South are a <disciplined corps,hooled in tbe art of managing a smaall embodied forcei as to subjugate vast multitudes. Trhe attempt of ourmehastbeslaveinterestofthefiSouth for a pivot;arms are affected that dangerous <designs are medi-v,the head of a half milHon of diacipiihed soWiera he-comes iastanUy sensible o f pnblwe opinion from itsground-swell among the pedplo. H>lenee, the people ofItaly can clahn at his hands reform tand a voice in thetsatbli^ment of free institutions. Heuce his entente aUthe prodei cordial* with Great Britain hVarr•*estioff the march ofthe Autocrat Nicholas on Turkey to0 subject the wholeEast to serfdom, and bring the ens]daved nations, j u a tbreaking from the relaxed baod of' tbe expiring Otto-man power to the strong grasp of NNorthern despotiam:and hence, tod, the compulsion enf<forced b y Englandand France on the Sultao to externid enfranchisementsto the subdued races and tolerationn t o tbe Christianr*ligion, a mark of grace to Chriattendom which hasbeen followed by an order for the isuppression of t h eflave-tradt with Circasaia. Thistriiiumph of the liberalprinciples of the'W'esternPowerB overirthe policy of Peterthe Great, bonded down to bis aucc<lessor Nicholas, hasbrought toe enlightened Emperor Al.lexander to-inquirehow the military strength of his v?vhole Empire wasvanquished in the stronghold meant; to defy the world,He MIWthe light, alert well-instruccted French man anover-match for the robnst Rnssuin-—hardy impassive,rugged, and tough as the polar beaar. Why'was thisfeh>elyaecb8(low free, it begins a war which the civilized world a bio «v struck at our Gov-will be followed by araia- eed we see something lfke e, stalking before our eyeslatnre, left as a Union party differences t c |iont on whi< it—the clectio; their eabemee. conspiracy am racy to prever had been chosjraj/hty, well-disciplined animal atrrength overthrown Simply hecatIs ?«p-h a King 8tork. Bolivar's car ion over the Spanish power? aiby the gay alacrity of tbat paradei that a little timeer, signalized by a triumphd that of the slaveholders,I example that will not ben of capital o f the Soath.ch warning Virginia o f ai.d y e t thiewas a berf; be baa no home but thei camp; no countryou in bis war for freedom, is i ed; soon forgotten b y the- m ; to M r . Randolph, m a Bpe the t h e peculiar danger o f lgh Bolivar's successes. I t i sole by the Disunioni6ts to effe< my would have to maintain fc hat and peace, like England i r of would be no disarmamentmoval of the cause of strif< tnic o f South Carolina saw tlthe power of Congress over the ailed, it seems, for these very tenddencies. above thetbe old doctrine<Territories—tbe netw one, which would give it to the £r>t settler*, an) tl»ke i t from the reprerteutativea of tbe wnole people in Congress, and that Kfll newer onewhich would take it from both and resign it to the So-man can honestly oeny the blont ata&ement I have !made o f the all-controlling events -which have producod the present' hostile array of par- tiei«i nor the w o e wbich tbe aggressive party through- «*t this contest now presents as its ultimatum. I am •eneibks that tbe b order States holding tdavea have the reirn in their bands which wdl control thoea Southern leaders •who avow tbe design of making Disunion the element of their ptower. 1 am indebted t o the im- portao t posHion whicb Missouri holds, both as a border and- a frontier 8tate, and the confiueuce entertained t b a t *be will add ber ntrenytb to those members of theapprove themselves most devoted to Confederacy tbat itbe Cons«ituiion iM»d the Union, for the invitation tod»«usa berw the r.irinciples and policy which discrimi- * W*e the two great parties of the country.Missouri bas ev»tr been a Republican 8tate, Repub- Bean in tbat sente in which Jefferson employed the term to define the party which ale'&ted him to power,Constitution ltrelf. Those venert•able pitriots whocherished Freedom in the infancy o>if the Colonies, and after they had risen to States, and s<ttill later when they had confederated as a nation, recordled against EnglandThere-white popula lauds or emp] other form. .number, has pretexts to th which to poie< lead the ianoi the designingthe name of this very man whose ppen fixed this acca-sat on t o stand forever in tbe hisurory of the countryagaingt its royal oppressor, ia calle<sd up to sanctify theprinciples of a party urgent to reopren the alave-trade,to spread Slavery over all new Ter•rritories, and to sub- minion overg&ni/.ations, J< road to Aboli tionist in fact.vert the Government i f i t elects ia Chief Magistrate hostile to these designs.Austria, in Europe, is taught to 8siurrender something to promote the growth of liberty7 there. Here we have an Austria that would Strangigle it with Slavery, returning to that old King's policyf wbo introduced it, notwiibbianding the protect o f the Colonies pronoun- clnj? it an " execrable commerce."To what is this retrograde impulse in a portion of our people to be attributed 1 Nut, I venrture to say, to theith the 1*aders engaged in it ai i their cuuae. The latter- difficult circo kes day Democracy, whose ch racter ia sketched i n the power .of sue*im- event I have reviewed, wi close its history with the to the ground oli. catastrophe of the slave pa ic. struggle, figh:en, The Republican party w 1 restore that noble Com- . the ConstitutShe owes her birtil t o Jefferson and the Republican unbiased feeling or judgment of the slaveholders. I it is evident fj p*rt3—that liberal party which acquired the Mias«a- have been familiar with this cla«i&of people all my for the nou-sl «»ppi, and tbe far \Vert, and the 8hor*8 of the Pacific, life. Born and reared among tbe farmers of Kentucky, found in cwhence commonthey came. sense, t h eherit ' They i n hnt benevoleit h e sterling feeling, t h efailure, declarvene in the aflof Governmeot, to extend . • ° ~ , •ritories. Thisisthefound- fateaa of choii? that led tfce forays by it fixm temper, the . lofty spirit,ssf the Republic stood, audparty now stand. I f the LO have a peacefal conclu- ie close of the reign of thej-eleven at lai The delegates\v. peno Clarke,tinent. They have way to the civilization of this ContJprevailed witl w h o once lool and, uniting tl Buchanan t o the extension ated with J o a the war of catd by cruelty to our to he sought by rapine, and draggedL. C. Noble, Fa^ bn<y the military power, to coerce theemigrants to admit Slavery among difference in tbe prosperity of the North and Southi us, producing the Bhores—but as an evil thrust upon; the disturbers o f visib e to every eye. They are not.ot wish to abandon tbe peace of tbe Union. Tliey de ncin i8hrough the boundaries as- signed t o Slavery, grenew ig. in defiance of law audthe opinion of the world the accursed alave-trade,J% ^ -vvjigon, Jv j* w . Rinkin, L The followiithe iertile regions of the South whicyet untouched, t o 8Jave labor, the greater portion iid b e reserved for force it on Territories which shoulthe outlying Strine of the days ok the doctrine of tK>th tbe first and laat Congress of<he Confederacy that undertook to exclude Slavery bytbe exdinance " re*filiating " the Territories 7 Was i tt b e doctrine o f the Constitution, which used j resh impoi rations,' a policy which must hasten this still guards an<f Washington and Jefferson ? W a sthe free white race among them, detern.\he first steptoward gigSSlSK the Democratic nominee Geo»ge A. Hawltr h e may be, anointed a t A "W. Hubbard,«the very -word regulate, as wed in the Cou*grew* of the Confe<ieration in exerting the power toe » iferit noon the(Congress of tbe Union? Was it thethe value of slave ;xilcofthefite whiterace,reducetdifficult to dispose md landed property, render it more <east of all do they >i\ or to retain advantageously. L ete extend Slavery, esire to dissolve tbe Union, either Usure the institution r as an experiment to make more sivh«*reit now exist in peace.The non-8laveho)ders are of the s-abiding, and pa- >ua i n mind and body, brave, law-evils are suffera- riotic, more disposed to suffer while <dishing the forms >le, than to right themselves by aboly will continue to o wh eh they are accustomed. The}resence of Slavery tndure the oppression that the pr<axe subsistence i s )bliges them to enconnter. while h ag, and occasional ittamable; while "hunting, fishincflnence. Mr, 1 Indian Juarez, himself with tlfieCated the pre ate its defende:himself o f itscdoctrine orthe nexton, which, confinned, and. with his aignatare, the •rdinance of 1787t Was it the doctrine of every President, Cabinet,; Congress or Court, of the United States, down to Pi<jrce's tame, a l l having contributed in either passing, 8'gmng, or recognizing i n their ap- propriare spheres, t he organization o f every territoryander the ordinanoe excluding Slavery ? The wholehistory of tne Keptlblis from its foundation ahows thatSlavery was held to b e a local institution, t o b e tolerated only in those States into which i t had beenidrew JacKaon, incorrupti- 1, as the Chief of the Gov- terdajrs o f the Republic, e disturbed section of the ice of aU, and restore thatthe Conventioi . .Congress convoked by Washiog-rung a foothold in tions, and t b e means of maintainhave some ren which h a s whelming. nuD:h, deliverance ia the defeat o l if- or the Presidency, whoevery, if it continues ibeirnative foil, from which Slavehey d o not favor ainst ultimately remove them. T hia, Chaileston as the high priet of NuUifisetion. A wi , J:,E- Blaokfoid, Rein- firm, moderate, trne-heartei m a n - a Republican of thebe eolf devoting courage o f Aed b!e and uocorruptmg—wou,n- ernment, bring back the ben- He would give security tot>ss country, acquire the confide,e- go<'d feeling among the peoil- men. He woul &, at the t i le sighed for by all good for tbe Preside ist make every slaveholder sal>rice ofnduKtryfield bread to a family. I t would cake refnge i n :be Peonage.system•ionship o f their st* b? extending the oleesings o <• use. Tbey are well aware, hovt|f t o perish. The Rt'pnblicai i, means of the Union to deliv« a this embarraeement, and to <; 0 theoption ofSlavery orn< D collectively. •There isa great,bodyof think that the Democratic p« - in its policy, and in the electhf years, and who deem it a v a the part pf the. minority t o1 tself because it has provided i people may exert the power < - and other measures, it theyI quires it.j Taking this view, an oppos 1 in the South, resolved to opp< t of Southern ultra politiciaiiB > baa issued its expose, after co - ventions held in Maryland, KThomas M. Tryniski 309 South 4th Street Fulton New York 13069that tbe flag which <gradually extending, and public r jing in value i n the face of the f a lJtse alarms. T h e the Free StateBfsvvry where hailed a . time become paramount i n Far- s ine, and all its underground preparrations, the work pected of tampeBevvlution has not c ', years of eloquence and stealthy effiFort o n the port ment. There vt?«« n theinto all tbe colonies, ingbt the spirit of our Revolution,, celed by tbe British Cilddeepotic dynasty, and passing ipopular suffrage \B of various Republican forms—th >opinion wiH thus m ccessive Kings—has now a second dliament.e obsequies, soldiers are aprincing tand dethroning her c>, an Army so associated in feeling t* etb along the Southern borders: and consternation is the furrow withthrough tbe changes•m which it is drawn a s t o catch a every countenance looking out ffor the ghosts o f Atlantic and thetheir stations—1 the pirates, wou slave-trade, theI admirable Civil-Cod* -with tbe families f r c tbe sympathies whi powers of the State tean i n the part: •...universal suffrage, a Legislative , hPrance, too, has « dicaDy from the aame source, an ; tl up from dragon'sT H E ,.,fint Empire axd su<eh pervade tbe Empire. All the e emies. Does any man believe thaCharles C. Coo United Stales at•„! i .^^^vingcatIBmpire, founded on at this terror, in >eing rooted in a brave, intelligent t l e hitherto untemfied Commonwealt;branch derived perio th, is real? It is' Mtknt of freeholder!s in town and country, the great ' n thing but a piece of fine acting—Kelaboro f t h eso low , white labort in Kansas at tl partisans. A i Brigbam Tom ^who can dout ishmentto the l the eyes ofituting nine-tenths on-slaveboldera of tbe South, constii, 1'the population, excluding slaves, ccannot, when theyOf the exieteno man can dot and listens to tJ power, who de their opponent! expreesion^of longer. I t is a in favor of Scat discoloring th£istrong K;jin The main principle ot the '. labor, the void left b y g 5 to a D V raapp5Dnderstand i t , consent t o the policcy t f propagatingilavery with such fatal results to tlthemwelves; much5SH gwoold th«*y, knowing it, contri•ibme to the sever-nee of the Union to effect this object,i, by lending them-cjlvcs to tbe attempt t o drive a Repmblican President1 capital pouring in to fill f0r the Republ; om a station, the influence of whichti he will exert toi ive them and their children homeeteiiads in the rich r e -It is a creed of iditis theirpolicyto es-t mntry should bealarmed withfisuch threateningich now lie open to . recognized as'.in branded a s piracy u n d r t h e Coa-titucion, t h e AI-BID Saunderu,an laws', .and treaties o f the voking war, t o conque; ie Government, and pro- J. c.Wuiker, ,j.«l8ce • uhject,them to the slave sy neighboring States, t o g- g J C«idwelraces predorau eprived of occupa- Capitol o f th.same strain, vigor-j?otiated by ou:lions of moneythe Catholic <The Presidentto him the war-p t Juarez wii 0rtroops levied amajority ol theof tbe Chicagoassupply food, they >r the wilderness among the hills, eice in despair; but nay submit t o their late like stoi:he other alterna- yhen they are driven generally to tlnost distinguished ive, which Hr. Hammond, the reJthe last, but not senator of the South, pointed to asthat of " seducing mnaual, resource m South Carolina, 1ort," I think there ' the slaves to steal for their snppcass already driven will be danger of convulsion. A clai have been so for- o the extremities by Slavery, whichhe highest distinc- ;ibly depicted by Southern men of t lK)uisiana led to the ion, and which have recently i n LKes and Lynch law, ippointment. of VigDance Committeeo which they had o drive them from neighborhoods t<r the influx of new >ecome offensive, would hardly bearis would make the mrdes of negroes from Africa. Thi«rer would n o compel them all to i of Mexico, wherere food and raiment he whole labor rg population receivt, bind themselves rom the landholder, and, as debtors,•ut a constantly ac- :nd faniilits to his estate, to work o iage hereditary; o r nmnlating debt, making the bonddi land to the Terri- Iri 7e them at once from their native-•posed to follow up ories for new homes, where it is preSouth, and pour in he king's colonial system for the Swarm in the Terri- uccessive cargoes o f Africans to sva and subject the ories; t o create new Slave States•/ernativea already rhite laborers there again to the alt*>f Congress. T h e the Goveramei escribed b y their own members olat t h e utmost thihare o f influence among 3 already planted there, »eh portions o f the most, rieh in miuorals,to such of >m it their own or the in- novo their laborers upon lew and more coogeniulernes, are a t last ing gallant ca^ tbe very few -who favor sach scbeno, the Pirat Con- id open By an explosion. Old Browito Elba in a con- il of the embryo Republic, is sent 1the Free-StateKansas to the n. m , ° :. 1>rutn8 a ant]the grand army find there "Son tion never t o return; the rest of t' ^ entirely uninjur*c, and now, after ive found a Beresina in the Potomacblood." and regi ing toeir harca— HOMICI;athat the Blae the plot, tbatt groes to msuriuja^ndiam. History d<esif a diBsolntion o f aach a& as oxure without a war, oroath draws the sword to which he wasSouth in thd fl mcrease, ahdthat Mr. Claytheir Presiden tI e w b oance in the le ing counties c The chiefs of acute as he v•Id-•es.> asdo- ernment coul.i do t o assis , has brought disgrace o n and devotioni sdillree themselves, however willi as of their champions in figurig to indulge the ambitioaig as Dictators to the Fed-aided b y the vehement on- eloquence o f McDuffie, t io charm o f Preston's ora-the over bis State was t h eare monwealth which had its erm i n the Declaration of bit Independence, rose to a c< ufederacy i n the midst of i to the Reyolution, and becaii > a nation under the Cou- ihe . st.ttution. In all ita - wril t« i instruments shaping theThia is now which animat the very sou the right burxa s p and jib i n 1 insun He would exer if. way Jor the removal, with I ag of the freed men of tbe Afrry in the North or South, are of chief, especially among the ill South, and of offense to the ti- He would negotiate for terr: x- ics, where it is essential tha to a position, and seek to maki id to our commerce, and condi of route across the Isthmus t« h, through means the of freed nm among u sLks sustainingib. thereapowerunderourfl>ir be able to assert our ju«to. the European eBtablishmenh- Ho would endeavor to lay cid fruitlul provinces, and thosecy our slaveholders as might d<le terest of their States t o ra. composition with them to an- dune, whe.re their labors, ai•? skill of the^ owner, would yiia able them in a tew years to istod by the money anda? price ol manumission, anc 1< Id tenfold profits, and en- l" poshesHion of freeholds^ Su« epay all outlay, and the iu , leading to liberation, would ive them free and i n the >d. iiiQ slave, making him at on i a process of probation, (C- e r . What a change would give a new existence to »r slaves gradually receding to;o. Constitution—securey be choften ywvoer ti<n p. ried th anceo f bis slaves, away—securessible theirfronrestoration i f car-t o ig it if made.preventie moat earnest vigil- ction o r t o suppress hia inflaence t o open a: jUntitled Documentcapable, b y t h e climate,peculiar endeavorit t h e Republican party thatio belong to these poor men, ait tabhsh them in homesteads^ deprived. Virginia, Keotun nessee, Missouri, and Marrs homes ior their own citizen!>t retain in their bosoms, by r;- deprive them of employment•B M r . B l a i r d e p i c t e d i n g l o w,e penty of theBe States, and ard emancipation had failed in V< EDulish Biue-Books and spe11 Tr>e active policy of thei- Slavery consists entirely of i\t era of the slaveholders, andi, them to enfranchise and ridj. beings whose fate IB i n t hLheniselves of tue human a owner may winh to relieven the incubus of audi dependu t- er, the State laws forbid it, d elsewhere—there i s n o atuIt is the wins o f a combined South, m ethem,The paper,tlied on to destroy. Besidea,r paramount in the South,>y their own military comane by such a uontastj and rthefableofKingL»gand ItbaabeeDive scenes now enacted in Con ;rees, in the State Legiola-ent tures South and Union me tings Noith, afe dramatici-m. performances for the beneJ t ot dough-faced spoilsmen,teir whose love and terror for i ie Union keep eveu pace5of with the dissatisfaction an< fury of their allies againstan- i t . There i s more yocif ration and less sense audpe- poorer actors to snstain th< present panic. Tee slave-me owners know ndtaing'eo w all aB that their property isjey safe only under tbe shield of the Constitution. T h e union the onl;, i n j slave-extension politicians an do nothing in that way [er- ' in or out of the Union by f ree. The little experimentmade in Kansas, with pre] irations alj h i advance i n Missouri to carry even thii I-by surprise, and seconded by the South, and all that tie truckling Federal Gov--dy National Government, Si tvery was abjured. T h e who, in view•eshold, take measures/ to , i n his rightsi underJhet h e abdac-^^" ^" candidates,t og-a power that would doLerwhote ;establishtance, whether •»'. . •'.fwhichtheycannotbe v VVWJthe soil.part o f the public laudsta,ulees he provides a homonable spot on which he unsought exist< b of the slave States to U~UA: „*+^iisulting together iu Con- » iutneky, and Tennessee,i on boardby the worth < Tbe addressThe Oppos patriotic bodyh c8 'NouS; PO Mm. ^fT|fitpno, J TbejeSr&s amand Illinois wilaDdanextreme thekela were ?i<e ol P wounds,the New-York 1 experiencing soi, , , Coroner Hazlemauortho action of the www.fultonhistory.com 