 ;!MtbkFrom Albany., ' AWSANT, Saturday, March 17,1860. The Republican General Committee of this county have elected B. H: Mills President, and rejected Wm.ONE DAY LATER FROM EtttLOPE,DIVORCE—THE OMITTED WORD&.Iitfrponai »a thd eight ra per- |every-abate why ser- jsed, itsIworse JounfcyJparate their fc prior haveIted in It prop- jtax or lorcal- broper- feekto flay, so nappli- |d reit-ioter- u».ticefledor biHor »ction.VS.ha*jf»0.tn The to sell s been•rmade jecom- jpanishsuch :national aF.J. t>ro&d &3ite, he •zis Na> p>raise,island idence nd the mitied &part-the Isitions lorrow ote on belief [>i.e al-Diego, >teven- r alongpatching anch l&rthera e not Id acd ph con- &ce of It andmileiE>cured perty. made>n t h a n jobject mainlymost iare en-' Houseleration fcorrow, I days, residentrincipal tion de- cot de- flent oftecting power feble, by \LM biter t is un-served,nericaa Scored abrange- Bae finalPrintingsorrow, late me*ML JK readi- otnoned.iavesti-TURIN, Sunday, March-4. —The Staatsztitung thinks the defeat of the so —The Utica Herald of the 17th says: " W e saw " It has always been a matter of great surprise to The definitive result of the vote of Central Italy on»c'aT H E J U A R E Z T R E A T Y .Senor Mata, Minister of Juarez, will g©to Rich- S. Weed. This settles a local fight that has existed for Conn., on " The Early Days of Franklin," on theToa "S»xr-BA*j*AKOtfrJLkBVfJfemy to which in to-day's TRIWTN* yoir refer, inten-tionally. If they were at all essential to the true an* derstending of the te*t, you are right in talking me severely to task for their omiseion. A man who would <.> garble a quotation from any book to suit hzs-purpose ought to forfeit all claim to public confidence.I omitted them from what you may terma-weak- nees, or may pronounce to be mere fastidiousness. My ftndfrs never having gone beyond Greek, the Old? Testament, in its original tongue, is a sealed book to•§.•!called Democratic party in Connecticut and Rhode Isl and wDl have a wholesome effect on the Charleston Convention; i. e., it will tend to secure the nomination of Mr. Douglas, or some other popular-sovereigntyr—An amusing scene in the Legislature of Pennsyl- the warm attachment and gratitude of his friends. His manliness and independence of character, his unquesto one of Victor Hugo, on the condemnation of JohnBrown.. To this voice of the poet, imploring the jue-tice of the United States in ff,vor of the unfortunate;to these words of tire; this tribute paid to the memoryof a defender of a sacred cause, a reply is made by a ASSOCIATED. PRESS NBWS* ARXINGEMENTS.—The The doors were broken e*>en, and coneiderabla water fillibuster, one Gen. Honningsen, a zealous companion, N«w-Yoric Associated Press have nearly completed ^ ^ f f i P * 0 H1? b u i l d m S oy the firemen, whereas a few ol Gen. Walker. Truly, he is a lit advocate of such a their newawangements for obtaining nerea front the pa)le full would have Rrtttced to extrjoguiah the flame. canes, liie juxtaposition of these,two names has a steamships passing Cape Race, and befor*. the middle It is ehtimatod that the .damage by, water wiH amount high moral and philosophical signification. When one to about $4,000, The- firm SaInsured for about $40,00a ol the greatest cotemporanedus poets raises his voice of April the plan will bo in full operation. It is ex-> in varioas city and country oomptmies.icourse," was the reply, " for she was the only one who ran after a black man."— Peter G. Washington, in explanation of the cause isted between the parties for years. The prisoner will plainly that a Convention in Charleston will preserve a of the death of the Hon. David A. Bokee in Washing-be immediately examined.«s>:tion wili meet in Charleston; but if Mr. Douglas and his friends desire a Northern Convention, let them call one." *—The Charleston Courier of the 15th says:"Our leading landlords, as we have already stated, have been diligent and active in. making .preparations, et largely increased expenses to themselvje. They now assure us, positively and authoritatively, thit five dollars per dsy for board will be the maximum ofo'clock." .—At a recent meeting of the Alumni of HarvardCollege a Committee, consistiog of Gov. Banks, Dr. James Walker, Chief-Justice Shaw, Dr. Palfrey, Mr. Emerson, Mr. Longfellow, Mr. Charles Francis Ad- amej, President Pelton, the Rev. George Livermore, Mr. Charles E. Norton,.and Mr. Russell Sturgis, were appointed to take measures for the erection of a statue*gating the bargains of Mr. Glo»sbrenner to obtain theprinting, which arenotorious.The screw steamsWpTenlk^affromHambt^Wilson, James Hayward, J . M. Forbes, Joaiah 1 and Southampton the 5th, arrived at this port 9k 1:45 SIR: I omitted the wordein the text from Dsnteron*mond to-morrow, and await advices from Mexico, to determine whether his presence here may be necessary again.tinction of party, will throw open their doors for the last I induced a lady to say she would accommodate you, if you and -»our wife will take a bedroom and let Charlie sleep in the accommodation of the vast crowd. As a further in- faxlor on a sofa. She will charge you * 18 per day for the three,the recent victory over the Moors, and contributions are coming in freely from the several departments fortwo years.'POLITICAL.22d inst. (Thursday of this week), for the benefit of the Quincy, Charles Sumner, MOMS Grant. Nine other Typo's Union. We cannot doubt that the fame of the gentlemen, including the Hon. W. H. Seward, haveorator and the interest of his subject will secure a each subscribed $50.crowded auditory. . —Of Baraura, the New-York correspondent of Thep. m. yesterday. 'P ARIS, Sunday, March 4.The Moniteur of to-day contains the nomination of M. Greterin as Senator. •'''; " " .The Paris papers publish the following, dated An-ispj&fl IHAIfljifa 3*" The partof the Imperial speech concerning the annexation of Savoy and Nice has been received ini»>,«3J s.rwaWaffll^lSSw* n '".. "...MEW-YORK DAILY TRIBUNE, MONDAY, MARCH 19, 1860.f>ll».. •mmPERSONAL. Statue has received ascriptionsi to the amount of—I * nearly $2,000. The following gentlemen have each — E D W A R D E V E R E T T will leotnre in New-Haven, contributed ^100: C. F . A&ms, E. R. Hoar, Henry5—The Hon. Augustus Schell, on Thursday last, sentKrect herniation was laid before the Demo- fcr Mr. Joseph O. Hasbronck of Ulster County, a XXVthDistrictof thisState,was athomebastweek, " Barnumisoncemoreintheascendant,alive,alive,THE CHARLESTON HOTEL EXTORTIONS.—The Hon. Martin Butterfield, M. C. from the St. John (N.B.) Courier writes:alive of and about to catch 'em alive o! once more.cratic Congressional Committee on Friday night,weigher m the Customs, and ene of the National del-and was received with great cordiality by the citizens The last of his Clock Company's notes, or rather the. Nice with enthusiasm.to the effect that every man who registered his egates to Charleston, and required him either to aban- of Palmj ra without distinction of party. very bast one of his blank acceptances in favor of the don the purpose of going to Charleston or resign his Jerome Clock Company, which acceptances, you mayname at the Charleston hctels daring the sitting of place. Mr. HasbTonck indignantly replied, and, as —The London Court Journal announces its belief remember, the painfully pious managers of that liter-" The Italian party ia greatly agitated."SARDINIA.fit* Convention would be charged $7 per day. An ordinary parlor and chamber will cost $50 daily. These prices may keep the subterraneous at home, and secure decent people sleeping-places.T H E A D M I N I S T R A T I O N C O R R U P T I O N S .money for electioneering purposes in Pennsylvania, at tie last Congressional elections.T H E U T A H J U D G E S .that it is warranted in positively asserting that his Royal Highness the Prince of Wales will take his de- parture for Canada tho latter- end of May or the begin-. A circular of Count Cavour to the diplomatic agents of Sardinia abroad, dated the 21st of February, calls their attention to the circular of M. von Bissengen,The Daily News expresses it, " in less than ten minutes after, he was officially advised, under the signature of the Collector, ' that his services were no longer re-ally ^W-serving corporation ' filled in' to the extent ol $400,000; the yery Last of these little obligations I understand was extinguished last week, thus emanci-quired,' and the gray head of the old war-horse of ning of June. Instructions will be sent out to the au- years has weighed his, energies to the earth, and nut a penitentiary discipline of aU Venetians who should, thia I was not mistaken, the words are clearly non-Ulster rolled on the ground." The Neics says that if thorities to make the necesrary arrangements for the curb and snaffle on his enterprise. Look out, there- appear hostile to Austria. essential;'and I might innocently consult my feeling*Mr. Schell continues thus to oppress and insult the Na- reception of the young Prince. The names of the fore, for some brilliant speculation. During his long Count Cavour points out that the elasticity of this by omitting them in the columns of a daily paper.suite that will attend his Royal Higbnesr, and the de- imprisonment in the land of Nod (if that's a fair equiv- expression allows the whole male population to be But if, as you assert, the Hebrew word render**!tionalDemocracyintheCuetom-Honse,"weshall alentforanenforcedmactivity)hisingenuity,assurez- classedinthiscategory.Hethinkspropertodrawthe ugation * * * ^ 7 * expenditures of expose to the world the violated written contract in tails of his visitr have not yet been settled, though we vous, has not been troubled with coma or paralysiSi attention of the Austrian Minister tor Foreign Affairs uncleannesa" means " adultery," the omission was *Mr. Covede's Committee will start their investi- wt1w 3QiaiT nto tne—The Hon. Fernando Wood will address the people The Utah Judges have been removed, owing to of Norwalk, Conn., on politics, to-morrow evening.Brougbnm and Vaux, hitherto limited to the present pocket-book has wasted away, his clothes seem latterlypeer, who is childlees, to bis surviving brother, Mr. to have filled out; and if he is worth a few thousand Sardinian Government accepting the counsels given,they "flourish moat on barren ground," may venture to argue the pomt with a Rabbi, I ask leave to taka iseue as to this interpretation. The subject, indeed, i» a'dbagreeable one; but; in.self-defense, I cannot now choose but follow whither you lead, namely, to the chapter cited by you, Leviticus xviii., where, as yon inform ue, the eame word rendered " uncleamiess " in Deuteronomy occurs eeveral times, and ia translated " nakedness." The first verse in which this happens reada thus: "The nakedness of thy father and tha "nakedness of thy mother thoushaltnot uncover." If, as you allege, the word ervah, here translated "na- kedness," is " throughout Sacred Scripture invariably " usedto-exprwg illicit sexual intercourse,'' or, a* in a whV« ca«o it would be, adultery: and if in the'above text w« substitute th* one word for the other (a«, If you are rigbt, wo may properly do.)wesballhaveatextwhichy<7umaycomprebend,bat wbich, to my obtuser perceptions, becomes wholty nnintelli- #ble.1, in wbat yonr learning may set down a* taj simplicity, here alwbys interpreted tbe text i i question as referring to that of- fense which Sbcm and Japheth avoided, and for which Canaan (Genesis ix, 25.1 was cursed.The word "uncleanx-ess" doe«, indeed, in another text (Numbers•, 19,) mean adulrery, but to sive it that meaning, other defining words are expressly added. - The priest, in that text, tbus addresses the Woman suspected of infidelity, " I f n o man " have lain with tbee, and if thou hast-not gone aside to unclean- '• iies» vritli arvotlusr ituUad of thy husband, be thou free," i c e Even in this text, however, if we were to attempt to substitute " adultt-ry" for " uncleanness," w e should not only have flagrant tautoloej. but a phrase that would seem to favor die idea that a wife might commit adultery with her.husband as-well as withother men; a tbing. 1 must confess, I never before heard oflBut independently of all this, xhe very words of the text seem to preclude-your reading. Those words are: " If it come to pas* " that she (the wife) find no favor in his eyes because of some " uncleannese," &c. Now, a wife may be said to "find no " favor" in a husband's eyes, if her person or her character be- come disagreeable to him; bat who would ever select such a. phrase for a graver occasion ? What would ycu think of saj ing, " Mrs. Smith found no favor in Mi. Bmith's eyes, because of " some acts of adultery? "the conflict between thent and Gov. Cumming. The President has conferred with the Mormon delegate as to their successors.T« tka Ajswctated tnmuW ASHINGTON, Saturday, March 17, 1860.The President has recognized Archibald Foster as Consul of Brazil in Boston.He goes to Norwalk by special invitation of the Dem ocratic State Committee.Wm. Brougham (formerly M. P . for Southwark and Master in Chancery), and to his male heirs. "pounds lees, at least he weighs a few solid pounds more, and has secured so much of a better grasp on futurity.and requesting France to agree to the annexation, should the inhabitants confirm it by their wishes.IThe Constitution says: " The misunderstanding ex- man of the North. It is curious that the interest of iatirgjwith New-Granada may now be regarded asVIENNA, Sunday, March 4. To inquiries made here by the representatives ofpursuance of which Mr. Schell obtained his office." Go on, gentlemen! let the truth be made known.hear the Renown, 94-gun vessel, has been fixed upon for the honor of conveying the Prince.And, physically, I have now seen him in tlie enjoy- to the possible consequences of such a state of things ment, apparently, of better health. His long, lean- in Venetia.face, has assumed an unwonted look of plumptitudei; The Opiniowe asserts that Count Cavour has givengrave one, even if not wilifally committed. '.Does it mean adultery? If, withoutpresumption,- one who nas never cultivated those roots of which that-—Some of tho identical lot of tea which was thrown order to inEure his sacrifice. If Barnum were a man In the Criminal Court Herman Jarowitz alias Jager, defeat of their party in important State elections. overboard in Boston harbor in 1770, is in possession of of strong attachments; if his heart were afflicted with1<definitely and permanently settled." Douglas and the popular sovereigns should lie in the triedonthechargeofobtainingmoneyandotherval- However,theirwishesarelikelytobegratified.Mr.CharlesHoemerofHartford,Conn. Thisspeci- anawkwardhabitofrunningawaywithhisheadoc-uables on the false \ pretense that he was a German Count or Baron, has been found guilty. He had ex- tensively figured in cities north of Washington.W ASHINGTON, March 18, 1860. The Senate and House have each passed a bill to protect female passengers. It only remains for either—"Occasional," writing from Washington to For- ney's Press, says that a rumor, which he is disposed to believe after thorough inquiry, is in circulation there, to the effect that the Administration has advised and will support the secession of the Southern delegates from themen was gathered up on the beach at Dorchester the succeeding day.—The cabinet of the King of. the Belgians in the palace at Brussels was entered recently, and the paint- ings by Verboeckhoven, and a clock indicating thecasionally;, if long associations produced, in his mind, the usual effect, and rendered him an unsuspicious victim; if he even, like the rest of the world, lapsed into a now-and-then dream ef self-forgetfulness, pene* trated by a chivalric desire, for the nonce, even to eerve those who had served him with fidelity, my won- der would be diminished. Bnt he has none of these•i • •i .ibranch of Congress to coocor in the action of the other)a matter more of form than of sobstaoce, as the two Charleston Convention should Douglas be nominated. dates and the seasons, were stolen. To carry off the common weaknesses. He is honest, bat ilever liberal.|I jj trrvii ?!i ir•tii :If'lLrS Imrv3>;iIbills are similar in their provisions. Such an arrange- A Cabinet Minister is said to have stated to a dis-pictures easily, the thief removed them from the frames.ment will probably be consummated during the pres- ent week.Accounts from Chili represent a somewhat improved condition of affairs, so far as onr country is concerned. It appears farther that both the Government and the Revolutionists had been collecting certain bonds of American citizens, but by the prompt intervention of Mr. Bigler the Government was made responsible.tinguished Northern Democrat, two or three days ago, that this scheme was arranged,- and he did not hesitate to add that it was very far from improbable that the South would take possession of the Union Constitu- tional Convention, which is to assemble at Baltimore on the 9th of May, in order to array the Southern peo-Victoria, was highly prized by his Majesty. Of course the Police were immediately set on foot, and they dis- covered that the clock had been pawned; but of the thief and of the pictures they have thus far obtained no trace.—In one of the market houses of Philadelphia is abetray hie own. . ."Hence, he may deceive himself; but I can't be-lieve that he ever puts faith enough in anyboay else tobe/ in a strict sense, a victim to deception. His-enthusi-asm renders him sstnguine, and this metomorphoees himsometimes into the blind follower of his own hallucina-tion. To that, I euspect, a true philosophy must at-tribute the contretemps which mulcted him so-eeverelyin the Fire Annihilate rand the Crystal Palace business,and culminated in his crash amid the downfall of thdJerome Clock Company. But if his financial deathwas owing to this active infirmity, his resurrection isaleo due tothe same stimulating, infirmity: So -vivela pelled. Gen. Goyon has sent a detachment of troopsNegotiations with Nicaragua for another treaty ple against Douglas, should he succeed in overcomingwill be resumed. The rejection of the one on Friday his opponents at the National Convention. You needwas a surprise to onr Government,which had no doubt not be suprised if this project is carried out. That it isgenius of a butcher.wears the costliest broadcloth—none of the inferior gradep, but the finest production of French looms. His linen is as faultless as his exterior garments, while the glistening surface of his marble counters is no lesg striking than the glos&iness of his hat and boots. In the center cf his shirt bo««om sparkles a single diamond —a stone of six carats weight, and of the first water. Upon the little finger of his left hand glitters a circlet of diamonds, six in number, whose aggregate value is considerably more than that of the garniture of hisof its ratification by the Senate.The general impression seems to be that Congress• •Life.S - ^ A N N A H , Saturday, March 17, 1860. On Monday night last the steamer S. M. Manning, for Hawkinsviile, on the Ocmulgee Kiver, exploded.in contemplation I do not doubt. .Finally, a difficulty remains wbich, in my eyes, as in the eye* The' students of the University have demanded the of all Christians it must be, Is insuperable; though a "semi- " barbarous Rabbi," perhaps, may get over it. Jetin did not in~will remain in session till about the first of July.the Legations submit.readmiesion of the eight students who had been ex- to the Uiiiveraity, thereby preventing any disturbance.—Various State delegations to the Chicago Conven- tion are already securing quarters at the different Steamboat Explosion and Loss of hotels. The delegations from Massachusetts, Missouri,Barnum! The *Wbat Is I t / ' is already crowding the Museum, (the 'What Is It?' is a nondescript, suppoted to be half negro and.half ourang-outang,) and the 'grizzly bear' and the ' sea lion' may only be considered as so many indices of the newly awakened Barnumian enterprise." ,—Though the House of Commons never rises to the rowdy sublimity of disorder which sometimes charac- terizes the House of Representatives, it has its con- flicts of bad temper and ill mannersy one of which is thus hit off by the clever London correspondent of The Liverpool Albion in his account of the debate of Feb. 22:" In Monday's debate there was a plurality-of sin-gularities, and/few of them commendable. The Bucksmover got up a small momentum, and was certainlytcrprei the text a* you do.Your aseertion is, that Moses's law " is identical with tho law "of your State" (New-York); that is to aay, that it allowed divorce for no other cause except adultery. If that was so, why, I pray you, did Jesus' say: " Moses, because of the hardness ofOh'o, Indiana, Connecticut, and Iowa, as well as the National Republican Committee, have already engaged quarters at the Tremont House. The Maine delega- tion has engaged quarters at the Briggs House. The'SPAIN AND MOROCCO.All the crew are missing. Capt. Taylor is safe. Eight Republican National Committee, at their last meeting ehirt bosom. His complexion is a clear red and whiteThe Epoaa and the Occidentc, Ministerial papers,negroes and five whites were lost, and several others wounded. Among the white passengers known to be killed are: Joseph Williams, John Harrell, and Jacob Parker, all citizens of Telfair County. All the heavy freight on board the steamer was saved, and the light freight ruined. The steamer was not insured.«,The Charleston ConventionBALTIMORE, Saturday, March 17,1860.—just that style of complexion which Parisian LadiesA gentleman just from Washington says that thefavors having the National Democratic Convention before the Convention meets. He declined talung it.son, informing him as follows:" I •went to the principal hotels to see what I could do for yoa, but all ri'fused positively to have any ladies in the house, as in each hotel dravring-rooms, parlors, and halls, will be packed with beds and cots, and each occupant will be charged $10 per dsy. I next went to all the privaie boarding houses, and foundponderous enough for a coujle of Lincolnshire squiresToeet at Baltimore, as it appears to be impossible for thelarge masses ofpeople likely to attend to get accom- he received from a citizen of Charleston to whom he modations at Charleston, even at most exorbitant applied for rooms with board for himself, wife, andupon the eighth of a million.fluence of that specific against adversity—politeness.—Haw thoine expects to return home in June. He has been absent nearly eight years, during which time he has visited various countries of Europe.board the 8hip Henry Warren of Baltimore, in which the second mate was killed and the mate dangerouslythe interpretation put forth by the Author of the Christian Re- ligion. " HUMBERT DALE OWEN.New-York, Saturday, March 17,1860.All this strikes us as very absurd, and based on an.Moses, therefore, permitted the husbaud who had beenprices.Prominent citizenshere offer to furnish the MarylandInstitute and several other large halls for the Commit-tee Booms, Delegations, See., free of cost, and all theAnd all through the in-hotels and eating nouses have made a pledge to makeno advance in rates. The citizens, also, without dis- them all engaged. Next I went to several private houses, and atunaccountable lack of perception. The fundamental The spirit of rejoicing is still kept up on account of idea of the Mosaic law is personal and perfect purity.in Albany, adjourned to meet at the Tremont House onthe 15th of May, the day preceding the Convention. produce by dainty commixture of carmine and bismuth.aesert that to preserve the territory conquered in AfricaThe Herald's correspondent says:" Every day produces some new evidence fromHe is a man of fine physique, and has an avoirdupois of about 200 pounds. His address is polished^ and Iris manners courtly and suave. He commenced life with- out a dollar, and is now taxed for some $30,000 in realtain a reserve on the question.The manufacture of rifled guns has been declaredFor we cannot imagine Jesus's words to.be meaningless, nor conclude that he was trifling with his audience, and recommend- ing, for their adoption, the self-same thing he condemned.We know, aa well as we can know any historical, fact, that, at the time when we are told that Jesus declared adtoltory to be the only valid cause for divorce, that declaration was, as.Mx. Greeley. in bis last letter, reminds us, " in opposition to the laws and " ussges alike among Jews and Gentiles."I am not well informed as to how far Rabbis usually regard the words or the opinions of Jesus as authoritative. Fcr myself, if I am in error—if the ancient Jews, as you allege, were not permit-Charleston that the landlords of the hotels and board-ing-houses are charging the most extravagant pricesfor quarters during the session of the Democratic Na-tional Convention. A Member of Congress received a estate, yet is as polite and deferential to his customers letter a day or two since, in reply to an application forfree in Spain.•FROMquarters, stating that he could have a room providedas on the day he first embarked in the business of con- verting quarters of beef into chops and sirloins. AThe De Soto left New-Orleans March 11 at 8 a. m., and arrived at Havana at 9| o'clock on the 13; re-he would agree to pay the enormous price of ten orfeeling of the National Democratic Committee strongly twelve dollars for it from the 15th of April—eight days benevolent lady of large fortune first noticed him, andAnother gentleman showed me a letter to-day, whichrived here yesterday afternoon.An affray . occurred in the harbor of Havana, on the opposite opinion, 1 am but adopting the views, aod sharing;—The British Queen has extended the title of Lord his heavy, thoughtful step, has grown elastic. As his his reply on the subject of the settlement of Central impudent fellow who indited Hudibras declared thatGerrit Smith in town yesterday, and were glad to observe that he is looking unusually well and hearty. We should judge that he had entirely recovered from his late affliction."me how Barnum, with his acute conception of human the question of annexation to Piedmont will be known motives, his intuitive knowledge of human charlatan- on the 20th inst.11!] • i .:!' i \1 ii•• >j• *1-i i •He is just, but never generous. He is naturally cau- The clock, which it is said was a present from Queen tious; by habit provident; by system vigilant. His warmth is never affection; it is always enthusiasm. His impulsiveness is simply energy. If he ever seems confiding, it is to extract the confidence of others, notBeneath bis sleeves and apron heplaced at his disposal a fund upon which he has raised the superstructure of his present fortune. He is now rapidly advancing in wealth, and will probably retiretartness toward Disraeli of the kind the ex-Ionian Commissioner can look back upon with satisfaction. It had far too large an infusion of Thirsites for so Homeric a connoisseur; and indeed, is sought to be extenuated on the score of a certain morbid* state of mind, arising out of a peculiar mental cause at thein consequence, there was, in Christ's day, nothing to reform in tbe Jewish divorce law—it is enoueh for me to know thut, in adhering (as, after a careful survey of tbe whole ground, I do) to>deceived as to the chastity, prior to marriagey of his ducement the Baltimore and Ohio Road and those assure you you cannot do better ifyouwishto come. I have of Benjamin and Deborah Franklin, is a small tomb- so entirely out of the range of possibility, that-the per- ing with confidence for news of the capitulation of wife, to put her away. This Jesus disallowed, aa a!connecting with it from the West, will reduce the rates never seen such an exciting t iie here as there is about the Con-former himself has disdained these fourteen yearseven to evoke tho memory of his prowess by exer-cising it now on baser game than he then struck down.temporary or local permiasion, based on. grounds pe-o / £tre one half.lut week until the 1st of May, for the landlord told us all that following inscription: "Francis F., son of Benjamin we xnuftt pay during April $S0 per week, and then allow him toput some one else in our room. This I could not afford, and and Deborah Franklin. Deceased Nov. 21,1736, agedTangier, which event, it is supposed, will end the war.The weather in Havana continues cool for the season, culiar to the Hebrew economy, reestablishing in itsMass Meeting at Philadelphia.Southern aspect, and cannot be brow-beaten or bullied.The six hundred and fifty gentlemen who compose theConvention will be taken good care of, and the prefer-ence given them. About one hundred have already yesterday, witness remarked to him that he looked un-Mr. Kiorble next addressed the Convention, and said that there were no greater slaves-than the working people. In a large city like this the tradespeople were compelled to pay the greater portion of their earnings . for rent, and many of them had hard work to make both ends m?et at the end of. the week. He was in favor of strikes, and said that he should do all in his power to assist the Lynn operatives as long as they, held out for an increase of wages- The proprietors of manufactories were growing rich off the labor of poor. mechanics, and he thought that the latter should re- . ceive a fair remuneration for theirwOrk.Mr. McCarthy also spoke, and supported Mr. Grimm in tho remarks he had made.Mr. M. D. Eainey, a delegate from the Printers' Union, next addressed the meeting, and advocated the aystem of trades people striking for higher wages. He je<erred to the Printers' Onion,, and spoke ot the suc- cets that had attended the efforts of its members. The Union had appropriated $100 on Saturday night for the benefit ol the Lynn strikers, and stood ready to appro- priate more when fully assured that it would be right- fully disposed of.In conclusion? he- offered a resolution that a Com- ... mittee be appointed to fix upon an ever:ng, and to make arrangements for a great sympathetic mass meet- . ing for the Lynn strikers, and that all tho trades not, represented be requested, to-send delegate*..*The resolution was- adopted, and the raeeting adr .- journed, after the. appointment of tho Comusuttee.'•••»• " COSVICTEIX—TheJury ia the case of ffidwin "3»ed,tbe Springfield (Mass.) music teacher, against whom there were three indictments for adoltOKy, on Satur- ., day returned a verdict oiTguilty on two of. the indict- ments, and not guilty, on the third. It will be remem-.- bered that this ialho case of tho music teacher who so-... duced the daughter of his patron, and loft her to die^n ..; abject poverty after, sho bad left bar home. Efcrr- abiding place and her shame were kapt a easwetfciMpu^ her family until after her death.—The Northern Bee, a paper published in despotic Bowery, to take action on the rise of wages to their Washington, was yesterday disctargedirom custody^venerable Pascal Schiaaue, Vice-Consul of France, are dangerously 01.Eastward it will yet be extended to the borders of Kew-Brnnswick, and westward to the Missouri.»—At the Democratic State Convention of Wiscon- sin, toe delegate from Sheboygan County, being una-warmer pympathies of those who have seen his face and heard his words. A public testimonial of the love and gratitude of those who have been his cotempora- ries during a portion of his career may fitly herald the honors which will be awarded to him by history and tradition. From 1805 to 1813, Mr. Quincy representedsort; if he were the kind of individual to do so> wouldhe he what he is, where he is, and how he is there ?Without one instant's hesitation, he gave the lie aspromptly as he had received it, declaring that he 're-affirmed what he had said,' that he didn't pretend to abetter memory than other people, but couldn't be mis- dressing, instead of §7, their present rate. To, ratify taken abont hiB right hon. friend's expressions; and this demand, they are to- meet on the 24th inst. A ; on he went, just as though there had been ho interrup- movement ia now on foot? among the ambm>typists and tion whatever, and that he were doing exactly as be-came his years, his position, his responsibility to liis countrymen, and his respect for himself."*•The !»ate Fire in Houston, Texas.RAMP ANT.—Thejourneymen-email-stockthe Ore in Houston.on the 3d inst., nearly two square*!, embracing thirty nouses, were destroyed. All the buildings in the block above Congress, and west oftution, which was read to the Convention, he said that if bis substitute voted in the Convention for any dele- gate to the National Convention not in favor of StephenMayor of Boston; for sixteen years, he-was President of Harvard College. If we add his services upon the Bench and as a Member of the State Legislature, itHONORAJJI.T DISOIUKGXD.—Mi„ Boyiagton, \yhxx* was apprehended afi>wnights age .by twaof the-Sixth^ Ward officers, on suspicion of oaubezzliag $SOO,00(KBall ar d several buildings adjoining. The loss is esti-mated at $60,000; insured for $13,000. The fire is be remembered, is the town in which the virtuous•opposed to have been the work of an incendiary.—The agent of the Committee, on the Horaoo Mwrn•.m.—By the side of the Blab which covers the remains vention. I board at the House, but had to give up my loom stone, somewhat broken and defaced, containing theAttempttoPoisonaFamily. v wenttoafriend'B bouse,andnowfindImustchangeagain,and 4years,1month,and1day. 'Thedelightofallwho MXLOT'S ST A TION, Saturday, March 17, 1860. God only knows where I shall go. The reason why board willThe eagle-slayer warsiiot on barn-doOr poultry, though and the city is foil of visitors from the North.he may occasionally give homely cocks a tap on the SPGAK market dull; No. 12 at 9 reals <p arrobe; stock, 155,000 boxes, at Havana and Matanzsm. Sweeta coming in more abun-comb when their crowing becomes headacheishly dantly, but few buyers appear.obstreperous. Thus it was last night. While speak- FREIGHTS—Ve»seL» have been in fair demand, without anying he was interrupted several times by Glad particular change In rates.atead the law as it was "from the beginning," that only incontinence, after marriage, can afford a valid reason for divorce.—Ed. Tribune.]MOVEMENT TO ASSIST THE LYNN STBIKERS.—Last uight a meeting*, of delegates from, the hatters, shoe- makers, printers, and other trades woe held at the house of Mr. George Kuppers, No. 229 East Eleventh street, for the purpose of devising a plan whereby to raise means to aid the Lynn Strikers. :Mr. George Grimm was called to thd chair, and after briefly stating the object of the Convention, made a somewhat lengthy speech in favor of strikes, support- ing the action taken by the working, people of Lynn, and recommending that everything possible be done for their aid. •Daniel Hay den, a resident of this county, was ar- be so enormous is that everything in market Is very high. Beeknew him.' "—Notwithstanding Macaulay's reputation for con-now sells for fifty cents per pound, and everything is in tha proportion."rested by a State warrant, at this place, to-day at noon,charged with an attempt to poison one Ashworth andfami'y, also residents of this county. The attempt wasmade about a year ago, by putting red preciptate, cor-rosive sublimate, and arsenic into some corn meal, day, on the publication of our second Washington dis are repeated and remembered. One of the very few which luckily, however, was not taken by the family, patch, wbicn in some measure cast a doubt over theExOHA-NGas—London, 13V3>14 premium"; New-York, *f©3 premium; New-Orleans, 41ffi5.1—The Charleston Mercury of the 16th says:" An interne excitement prevailed in the city yester-versational power, he appears to have utfcered few bon mots, to have made few conversational poiut3 whichstone, upon whom at last the Caucasian turned that'Peeleitic orb of his which had calcined the Sublime cMediocrity into the essence of what is within one stepof sublimity; and, dropping a sneer at the 'runningcommentary' and ' peculiar temperament' of the righthon. gentleman, 'who had quarreled with his oldfriend the Pope, as he had with all his old friends in next Wednesday for Texas. It will consist of about turn,' was annoyed no more. As if stung by a partic-©wing to the peculiar stench the mixture created. meeting of the Convention. Arrangements, which good stories current of him is the following: It is said Hayden was not suspected of perpetrating the act bad been in rapid progrees, were suspended in many that he met Mrs. Beecher Stowe at Sir Charles Trevel- until a few days since, when, in a state of intoxication, instances, and in others faintly carried on. It is, in our yan's, and rallied her on her admiration of Shakes- he disclosed'•the affair to some persons living here, opinion, but the pretext seized by the friends of Mr. peare. " Which of his characters do you like best ?"Douglas to transfer the Convention, if possible, tothreatening, at the ssme time, that if they divulged some city where they will be in the ascendent. This said he. " Desdemona," said the lady. "Ah, ofA detachment of United States troops will leave herethe secret he would kill them. A former wife of Ash- movement commencea many months since, when theyworth died a month previous to the happening of the prated of the danger to be apprehended from personalularly lively puff adder, Gladstone at. first recoiled, and then coiled himself up, so palpably festering to the quick .that not only did he not smile when Benjamin quizzically affected dislike of office because of its in-600 men, all told, and will be commanded by Capt. T. N. Palmer of the 2d Cavalry, assisted by Capts. Chas. T. Whiting and Nathan J. Evans of the 2d Cavalry. A detachment of 100 recruits left St. Louis on the 27thabove, and experienced phyricians gave it as their violence in Charleston. This is, however, their last opinion that the was poisoned. A deep malice has ex- card, and this will fail. Mr. Douglas' friends seejury to the nerves, but he didn't even try to smile February, for Fort Ri'ey, via Fort Leavenworth. when all the Houee laughed aloud at the Tivertonjoker's reference to the Disraelian nervous system. Capt. Davis commanded the detachment.,him casually at the door of the hotel about 2 o'clock The People's ratification meeting in this city to-night been invited to accept the nospitalities of our citizens, well. His reply was that he felt sick at hie stomach..PHILAI>£I.I'HJA, Saturday, March 17, 1860.was largelv attended. Addresses were delivered by and manv more undoubtedly will be. But Ike myriad Witness advised him to take a couple of blue pillsearlyCompany D, Firet Artillery, now stationed at Fort Monroe^ Va., has been ordered to Baton Rouge Bar- racks. Five companies of the Third Artillery go to Fort Ringgold, Texas.ill ill<:.ra<3the Hon. Tom Corwin, Mr. Curtin, the nominee for hangers 'on, iclio are not admitted to tlie floor of the in the evening and a bottle of Congress water in the Governor, and others. The utmost enthusiasm pre- Convention, mvst take their chancesfor feed and sleep. morning, and to continue the taking of the Congress vailed. Mr. Corwin appeared to be in his finest humor. It is greatly to be desired that their number may be re- water lor a week. He stated that he would do so.The United States troops on the Rio Grande wDl be commanded by Col. Lee. He will have about 2,000 men under hie command. In addition to this he will have command of the Texan Rangers, should the•The Capital of Maine.PORTLAND, Me., Saturday, March 17, i860. The Senate to-day, after a long discussion, voted to refer the proposition for the removal of the seat of Government from Augusta Portland, to the next Leg-ialatuxe.Sailing of the Xorth American. P O R T L A N D , Me., Saturday, March 17, 1860.duced to as email a fionre as possible. The Conven- Witness afterwaid saw him for the last time about 4charge to or for any delegate or member of the Con-The steamship North American, Capt. Acton, sailed vention. Accommodations have already been secured of Josiah Quincy, in commemoration of his eminentfor Queenstown ;and Liverpool at 5 o'clock this even- ing. She takes out 63 passengers and a full cargo.Steamer I>aylight Ashore.N E W - B E D F O R D , Saturday, March 17, 1860. The steamer Daylight, from JN'ew York lor this port, ran ashore on Round Hill dumpling light, during aao.istance this afternoon.Sleeting of the Norfolk Merchants. a thousand more. There will be two galleries exclu- illustrious dead; but in this case, it seems peculiarlyfor over three hundred delegates, on terms, we are aseured, satisfactory to the parties interested; but our landlords do not consider themselves able or obligated to tender the same assurances for an unlimited num- ber of vis'Uors, or for any not officially connected with tlie Convention."public services," and as a token of the respect and affec-tion of those who have psrbonally known him, or beanassociated with him, in the many important officeswhich lie has filled with so much credit to himself andadvantage to his country. The Committee have issued shouts of ' Shame, shame!' directed against the Chief recruits on board at present.a circular, which has been sent to those likely to take thick fcg to-day. The steam-tug Spray started to her erecting a " camp tent" one hundred by seventy, ten an interest in the subject. Of this circular the following•>NORFOLK, Va., March 18, I860. A large meeting of the merchants, to protest against the proposed odious one per cent bill on merchants'feet wider than the Fremont camp of '56, and capable of seating 2,500 persons, with standing room for aboutis the most important portion:" An honor of this sort is usually reserved for thethe moBt ordinary courtesy, one denied in- no place on Brandywine; steamers Niagara, Susquehanna, Wa-earth wherever the semblance of discussion is ob-served 7 Yet so it was. At last he was forced into a bash, and the surveying-steamer Bibb; storeebips Sup-momentary pause, during which Horsman • got up ply and Falmouth—the former has just returned from— The Republicans of Hartford, Connecticut, areCommons, far the most experienced of all living mem-bers in the ways and forms of Parliament, for refusingThe following United States veesels-of-war are nowlying at the naval anchorage: Frigates Potomac andsively for the ladies, sufficiently commodious to seat about fonr hundred.the Coast of Africa; she will be overhauled and refitted forthwith; the latter is lying alongside of the wharf all ready for sea. The corvette Vandalia will undergosales, was held here In^t evening.The Hon. F . Mallory, ex-Congressman, and the Chicago has declared in favor of the Republican party. founded, of course, upon the larger knowledge and— The whole chain of cities between Albany and calm and unbiased judgment of posterity, while it isWASHINGTON, Saturday, March 17, I860.W e have New-Orleans dates of Tuesday last. By ble to attend, sent a substitute. In his letter of substi- his native State in Congress; for six years, he wasSTRIKINGbutchers demand $10 a hundred head for killing andSBiaJn street, except four, were burned, and on the op-posite of Main street the entire block except six build- A. Douglas, he hoped the first man he met would whip appears that his public career haB been at least as longdaguerreoty pists of thin city and-Brooklyn to secure a" fair " standard of prices for their pictures. To-nightthe pajaatera hold a mass meeting at Military Hall, worth of Post-Offi&e scrip from..the Department, att,ings was burned. The large wholesale establishment orKelsey. Sites &, Co. was saved. The loss is esti- him.and varied as that of any^native of New-England. As an author, his contributions to history and biography form a portion of our standard national literature. It is little to say of him that he has been eminently suc- cepsful in all the distinguished stations which he has held, and that no stain has fallen upon his honor, no—There is a Democratic postmaster in Coldwater,Branch Co., who is in the regular"habit of abstractingpart of the papers of a bundle of WKEKLY TRIBUNES,and inserting in their place, and delivering to our sub- imputation upon his patriotism. During niOBt of themated at $-220,000.New-Mexican Hews.ST. LOUIS, Saturday, March 17, 1860. The Railroad bill passed the Senate yesterday.A gentleman from New-Mexico reports the NavajoIndians as having taken a very hostile position towardthe whites, having stolen nearly all the stock in theKio Abajo District. Over 100,000 head of sheep anda large quantity of other stock have been run oft" dur- vania occurred on amotion to remove the capital of the tioned integrity and fidelity to public trusts, hising tae Winter. State from Harrisburg to Philadelphia. A matter-of- acknowledged abilities, and his life-long devotion toThe entire nation is combined in the hostile move- fact member from the rural districts, who had heard of the best interests of the community in which he livedment. Col. Fauntleroy was preparing an extensive and of the country at large, have fairly earned for himexpedition against these Indians, and was expected to the great fadlities with which brick houses are moved th<- highest honors which ir. is in the po ?ver of this gen-take the field in person this month. Gov. Rencher from one part of the city to another, and who had not eration to bestow. It is proposed to erect-his statue inone of the halls of Harvard College, which institution, Is also organizing Volunteer Companies for the protec- the least idea that anything but moving tho State House for a loriger time than any other, enjoyed tlie exclusivetion of the citizens. was in contemplation, rose and said- " Mr. Speaker, I benefit ot his services! The estimated cost of the work A steamer from the Illinois river reports that Moore'swarehouse, containing 75,000 bushels of corn, and five have no objection to the motion, but I don't see how on is about $8 000, and the execution of it is to be confidedoldsstandard, $2 per day. "The cabinet-makers, on strike, have succeeded in procuring the 15 percent demanded in ao many cases, that thoy foel confidentscribers, such locofoco trash as The Democratic Union and Free Press.time that he was in office, political agitation was rife/ and other cauees of dissension were not wanting; but he invariably secured the respect •fine opponents, andagraph:"In one of the American newspapers, an official that the terms wili become universal. The molderstoMr.WilliamW.Story,whowasgraduatedunder Mr. Quinoy'B Presidency, and who is favorably known as an artist from his excellent statue of his father, the Jate Judge Story, one Of Mr. Qnincy's oldest and mostRocKroRD, IlL, Saturday, March 17,1860.A fire in this city l««t night destroyed Winnebago with two rows of keys, and 18 stops. Atlanta, it will rer of the Fund,etherwarehousesalsofallofcorn,atHavana,III., airthyouaregoingtogititovertheriver." Were on fire when she passed that point yesterdayof civilization, recogniuos only ono principle the right of the btrongesifour-o'clock p. m., &>r Havre via Southampton, and re. turning, will leaw the latter port April IS, bringing the result ofthe great fight betwoenHeenan and Sayera,chine of a vuluetaot exceeding $100, in actual use. by the debtor or tha family of the debtor* has passed eotn branches of the Legislature of Massachusetts ai*« re* ceived the approval of the Governor.It is proposed ia Atlanta, Ga., that a subscription b» raised bv the females there, for the. relief of tha wait* Igirls aiii women in Massachusetts who are asking fw*higher wagei. The person who makes, the ] tion offers to contribute $100 to ttoxl with*•• •-;•': «;|:V•afternoon. No particulars are yet received.Fire in Roekford, III.—A number of New-Ycrk merchants have presentedto the Central Presbyterian Church of Atlanta, which valued friends. Any contribution which you may be has just been dedicated, a fine organ, of beautiful finish, willing to make for this object may be forwarded toThe City Conncil of Montgomery^ Ala., at their and delivering it to the new»»boat of the AssoohVionmeeting on the 29th ult., ra'sed the lioenao for the r e . off Cape Race, from which point it will be immediatelytailing of lager beer from $100 to #J50. Thiu, as a nat- telegraphejatoth^agentaoftihe. Press throughout the ural const quence, occasioned a u flutter'1 among the country. „dealers in the tuticlo.Thomas M. Tryniski 309 South 4th Street Fulton New York 13069Hambleton published the " Black and White Lists."ton, thus testified before the Coroner's jury:" He very seldom complained of sickness. MeetingA- new fort, \o be called Fort Butler, is in course of construction near the Canadian River, and will be gar- risoned by four mounted and two infantry companies.appropriate that it should be paid to the living. Mr. Quincy is still with us, but at so advanced an age that the opinion wliich .is entertained of him by the present generation may be supposed fairly to represent the[Palnierston standing all the while], and,, in the moatdeliberate and emphatic manner, pronounced,' I neveruttered one single word of what the noble Lord says Idid.' Of couree the ' noble Lord' immediately apolo-gized, expressed his regret, sorry to misunderstand some alight repairs; she will be fitted up and commis- right hon. friend, &c. Of course he did nothing of the sioned next Spring for the Coast of Africa.Besjaniin S.Rotoh, eBq., of Boston, who is the Troas.u-Untitled Documentism, and his universal distrust of human disinterested-ne8S. could ever have subjected himself to the manipu-lation of such innate scamps as were those profounddissemblers who deliberately won his confidence in- foreign Powers, the Austrian Government has repliednot vehement, in the vituperative line. Satire is nothis forte; and, if it were, he had better not havecourted comparison with one the remembrance ofwhose performance in that department puts all rivalry the benefit of the Spanish Army. Every one is look-Perhaps, however, his non-participation in the hilarityawakened by his chief, in this instance, was nothingparticular. He seems terribly troubled by the pranksof the aged audacity; and nothing is more probablethan that some fine morning he may throw up officebecause of his fastidiouenese concerning the politicalmorality of,the great bishop-maker. Thus take the-occurrence of Monday night. Rising after Horsman,whom he called his 'right honorable friend' with aninterminable iteration whose significance it was im-possible to mistake, the Premier proceeded to pervertthe whole drift and scope, epirit and letter of wnat themember for Stroud h'ad'juet uttered. This was shock-ing enough, even admitting the reality of the pre-tended badinage accompanying it. The Opposition President deem it necessary to call them out. clamored out its reprobation of such proceed-ing, and called aloud for Horsman, who repeat- There are still but a very few hands employed in the edly stood up, but had to sit down again. In Navy-Yard, not more than two hundred. The mechan-no way abashed, the Premier went on. Louder rose ical department is quite deserted. The stone ways of the uproar, but yet, and bullying more loud, rose the the western ship-house progress very slowly. Theswaggering tone and truculent bearing of the Minis-ter, not a word of whose utterance could be heard in new marine barracks, now in course of constructionthe din. Then reverberated such exclamations as on Flushing avenue, will be ready for occupation.by the never yet smote mortal ear in that building;-, and that 1st of July. The Navy-Yard barracks are garrisonedthey did so now would seem to be the knell»of the tra^dition about the ' first assemblage of gentlemen in the by a little less tban one hundred men. The receiving-world.' Will it be, can it bo, credited that there' were ehip North Carolina has about one hundred Adviser of th'e Crown and leader of the House ofandeightyItaly, bringing forward the motives which prevent theAUSTRIA.that its interests not being directly affected by the'an- nexation of Savoy to France, it would observe on this questiontie samepassiveconductwhichthegreat Powers exhibited at the time of the last war in Lom- bardy, and that Austria will not protest against the an- nexation of Savoy.TRIESTE, Saturday, March 3.A committee has been formed here to collect sub-scriptions on behalf of the Pope.CENTRAL ITALY.MODENA, Saturday, March 3. The Papal Government has prohibited commerce by traneit between Ancona and the Romagna. The mer- chants have lodged a protest against this measure. Agitation prevails in the Marches; the landed proprie- tors-refuee to pay taxes. Thoueands of citizens are signing addresses to the great Powers in favor of the annexation. Soldiers enlisted in Austria continue toarrive in the States of the Church and in Naples.THE PAPAL STATES.ROME, Feb. 28 (via Marseilles). Apopular manifestation of no importance in favor-ofannexation to Piedmont has taken place in Gubbio. The Pope is said to be ready to grant concessions, ifamalgamated into one. Neither- was- Gladstone's mained at H. until the afcernoon of the 14th, and ar- ted to divorce tbeir wives " except it be for fornication," audl£moment, as well as an unusually disordered bilious wounded, by a sailor. The sailor was to be sent to the apparatus. The gode have made him vixenish, bat United States for trial, by Consul-General Helm.ARMY AND NAVYINTELLIGENCE.Colonel yorney seat on a dispatch seating ierth *hafc Ae accounts of Mr. Boyingtoa while in cdfice, had > been examined' and were found to be aorreckin the defense of human liberty, there •starts up, as pected that the steamship Vanderbilt, Capt. Lefevre, * •....»his adversary a man who, in spite of every right and will be the first vessel to avail herself of these arrange^of every duty, invaded the territory of a people in- SEWING-MACHINES EAKMJPT FROM ATTACHMENT.-~. capableofresistanca—anadventurerwho,us.thisage menta.Shewillsailfirem,thisportnextSaturday,at Anactexemptingfromattachmentonesewing-ma-Russia, and edited, according to the popular belief, by 'a section of the Imperial police, has the following par-defender of Slavery, we find a long letter in answor of Jersey City ace also on strike. Wherever the priIIi — *F I R K w » 5 E Y STREry.—Yecjterdav. aftacaoon,' a fire broke ouiin tbe sub-osllar of the store, No. 24 Ve&ey street, occupied by Keanev $ Lpekwood, Domestic Dry Goods Me^ehante. T h e fire originated under tha shdeway, but fewn what cause is anknomi.cos have been accorded, the man.will goto work this morning.TURIN, Friday, March 2. me. The expression, "because he hathfouod sen*" uncleanness in her," conveyed to my mind no idea- except as a phrase, couched in terms less vailed' than modem usage is wont bo employ, to mean disgust pco- pating him completely from the incubus which for five which orders a forced enlistment into companies; of dacedby some pergonal habit or idiosyncrasy. JJTUXHAVANA.1TETUAN, March 1. ' " your heartp, suffered you to put away your wires?" Andwhy did he add i ' But in tbe beginning it was net so; and I say '' unto you: Whosoever shall puc away his wife, except it be for " fornication, and shall many another, committeth adultery."carded and the substitute inculcated one and the same? That, vantages she would obtain. The other papers main- aa every reasonable man must see, ia a sheer impossibility.The eiege train was embarked to-day, and mules were disembarked.March 3.would entail sacrifices on Spain greater than the ad- other. But was there nothing to discard? Were the law dis-MADRID.You make Moses's law and Jesus's law identical. Yet here we find Je*us discarding the one as a permission granted only be- cause of tho old Hebrews' hard hearts, and substituting the• www.fultonhistory.com•„.>. •—" ••••-«-•'• —^^^r:^-^~~-^^^ 