 Wi-ilF ^m^1 ri^.pi JIMpUlJ|^PnpPRii||.*"^^Party fiHireilltd. This may seemauguration or his government upon the ground thatheIselected. Doyonnot,then,vtolatetbeConstitu-.that the leaders be- course be to arouse of the Union inall the Southern States." The United Stahlt, came in on toe 8to.was In error, and aptly quoted the Bjrron^c;suite achieved by Republicanism in cultivating the things she isgradnateMonEiiimnics.mlghV.jThlm^id nur« Ms ehUd., B(BMceswyto^ie^ie,i^iBor«iv«r,thattoai^!»- >>•Isad Bi«ekiBTMceK«P>«*"<*' •fRcraMtesBFoBltioBS—«h»t Mr. be Bsiihasaa^acetoand•*""•*'Simon'swife's who arenothalftoldintbeceitatnannualbnpealtUononI •.« wben we removed *W*DMOrinea ud |latoa-I'*Tlii«— IiMBa Che Ckalce.From Our Own Oorrespondeat.Get.20,1860.NigHTHjji, Term., Saturday, Inducedtheretobymydeeire fairlyiacreaae the products of our Indus-Ilime come towhilewell^'^i^je^xcj«dpUog tb.t seetheyodtiODpfUiepoUttealpartleaoftataed to till* pl*e from Alabama, that I might ptMOt St tbediscnwion of candidates for the postSffldavlwhathecouldteU as I party. concluded to give him a guess,Repreaeolaiifes one guess at It and made a mistake. Thl* new party swbM whenever such means might be placed tn his iason Democrats in Broome.^'Stiteetector, representingptefMd to think that the speeches Warranted my belief and sanctioned myviewed and held to be tufflcient for the security of all*Go with me and see the old to Whig Party goingtheir difidmg line, and their scheme of I government.have seldom received any ether answer, than **Oh!The State Journal, of Tuesday,^^_ chronicle»i«e endher, atanding out to aea.aadar a full head of atein a condensed form aU that can be said ofhsdashortcareer. Hecamebut he had a defiant into the world,this Wis from peace one, who has tong beenJnElectors, to conridar being alarmed, proposed to convey the negroes to the Ujehot p<d>Uc epinloa, which in a democracy is sunremela homr paaapott aa)*,^'by many peoplea sentiment " soimding lo" Freedom, with thesplitpathof aU new parties O'-ganlElngtost herself,Aand were dizzied and thrown off her bal-zation, It frequently h^ipens that the ctttzena eoa- '' Elder it impracticable to protect themselves by the ordinary process of law, and find it Qeceasary to haveblesalBg morally, socially and politically," that Joai« "Willie on this branch of hissubject, taking the oppor- been reelected byAssemblythink thetwo adversaries. You have established local newspapers, as if everything was a blank to her when the triple although, as law-abiding cttixens, we deprecate theTkb yesterday af between Judge d^)>ate tegoo^wasof this State. He was loud in particularlyor, and have efBcient canvassers in every Congression- al District. Your Wide-Awake Clubs have given a ccnfidence and courage to your demonstrations,i yet we cannot, in the pieseot ease, wholly diaagiaw atopresent the South, I re-ButJo«»- Biu. ButItoldandthlsnewpa^ttoaavethecoun- mv compeUtor all over the State thatonthiserrand. Weknowsome tosteamers-of-war.«4|D«ere.4ai theI have heard have visit Theymen of both sections.Bat said he:" They say they are for insitting upon their Consti-pieces, and upon tbe ruins oT tbat party there growsfusion In Ohio. was the ofaUattempt»*at MondaydayfixedforthemeetingAt Ihe'oext morning we found the i dayllgbtguaranteetostanza Host ilnd the loftiest hill clad In clouds of snow :taken aback, and storms at herInattention, Sins BtmHJoe«»»„ Mglai*lalag tlMlr darts at ttaatction of their party whichaoMMSkannnrof-Bnonmsai, Uont' 'Ohtjes,' theysay.NowletmeseewhetherPn-blavery mm,slave in it ! ! !AnAbolitionICATXRIALAID-informs the Albany Bvening^lo* -.MiOy raooid^^jsithoiitremorsecUn^..^that,because are for Constitatlonalrights, edbytheOppoaiilonParty,andthatOppositionPartyThe1»^TBI BEJOINDEBSWere brief. They presented nothing new, but only' -i;you yourand you say It because yon believe It would be an in-vas Dot a brief experimentceeded by the new concern presented to your consid-mSSODIU POLITICS^The RepubHean State Central Committee of Mis-souri, has published an address. It alludes to the recent victories In Ohio, Pennsylvania and Indiana,and claims that the contest is now between .3aB0Kia- aiDofi and Limoui—between avowed SecessionistsatCurUn, 28S,4()3is as follows 32,164. The vote isFoster,230.239.were Slatn atnaaar b:|«^e.Bod to^flW^^tgodm ;tf*A»yyouproposetostandbyIL Hereisalonglistofgen-;Let not the of tbe device ablkrditya smileCityTHE KESCLT TH PENKSTLTAITIA-official for asexact m^ority Curtla, published teredlmiUlbeeMologof4ba7tbOetober.wbaaMWJiiigw4Dtik Cie paofie In theWben be died, he died aUover."provokei^^,-. tbaiiuuoii^ MThe AmericanWhigs,without bavins doneor was succeed- harm,an equlvatent for the present constitutional for tlie surrender of fugitive slaves.4i»^^proteetloa needs adul- 'stitjutioD 4 suppose the jroie is all fairly polled andcanvassed, and it turns out that he has a majority ofthe votes of the people of the United Slates, wiu he importance weaented tl the eountry. He then, IniiiMiiiimi—tlemen It contains only the representatlvek of^theto BTerywhere.LJind a fall Abstract, are,T^oonclusion, Mmanded answers to the following ques- •The caials which has come upon the BooanAMaiwmtm law.ia.In of tbe oyetloaded tb* aonsequaope atato^tffollowed. and reigns as a despot, exercises here a more effectual His speech was throughout directed against the op- restraint on both thought and speech than Is or can be posing sections of the Democracy. He opened and ezaniaed by the raort arbitrary and de^l^ttc Govern- occupied some twenty-five minutes of his time with a stent In the Old World." There is here mtertalned recital of the facts, as he understood them, connected at Charleston and Baltimore, with aIs a sufficient answer to all calum-engaged hone-steatlng, and, as hisCob Wanusoa, of McMlnnville, speaking for Doua- voted for men because God,bondage to ai^y man," for she had never been a colony But nothing Is done whilst anything remains to btosentetlve, and toe leader of tbe Pacific railroad jBe*» meut to Congress, is the candidate of tlie BsBmblicaa Party,andC.C.Cole,Esq.,thecandidateoftbeBit-"Douglas wingParty,delegates,This is the more astonishing, because the Roman of toe act -were theXi4i Ijproceedtottiediscussionitself.feelingassured nominees,whenhewouldrather havetakenadose oresrth, "dhss a free negro hired bMralt up-PoBoBir Sovereignty, and Iio^ay,"faith ud Pta^ekoat dome^ aMrty __ nelgfabiM^4dK.|ia|dM,leta8b|iMir*>OB,|M»oani by never disMiiilnatliktbe TTalM uatll N0bn,^z^£:z:i^y*«h^ -__ 8aBMaitai>;idi'S?»5K4«Tfara»HeB«rt«pokcofBstl-sehanoee,saying.:State4pThe Albanf Ettning•ays"We expragiM doi*U. jrestfjdajr, of the correct-««^^«v^,ILS? vJeUl think that is a grea^Make. I give,*^A ?.«»«!**> Party, he lelaUd S!SoIi"i:??J'i'''.'°?'S."»»«°««lo'e «f>e youngget •f.^'^v ei'ept twoor^threoiaoth*^ 'S""' wondetlng whether U y!Sk not«i^,^«£j"^oprtler, thsMbtelad rfi!?^:**»f,t?St'o5.doitbathevll "«rery_;8o«tbera oneoftheieisSouth iSl?-i&fJoar ofthree a certalh people iAUUoii«,wlU.nets of the ruiiii# that Hbr. Sioaaeaa brought a largeLincoln. ThenIwouldbesatisfied tl.at Bsix would be elected."in^oJnieTi^n.t^hewor^ldT,Tfbe",f'o•retheandIs to bBbad. avowedly, to buy up Americans.' Agentswouldgoagainstby the ofthemAvlllbeuted by panic-makers,Atthosame partiescontending« * He that would so* de-havffcoBstartedoilAlterlaadingallthenegroes,thestood out to sea. for the purpose of stoking aad iTL-theopponent,bypeople cheating(to the of Marathon, particularly,) and Diek- villageTbw mnared ttteof the fresh water'oondMaar aaa (be delivery vaw«! stcuied tbe wheel In a certain po<ittoB and abandoaoltimeheclaimedthatasthewould rather take a middle man than enhance be wasbeof assured if it waa left to the liouse ofthem into an irretrievablesuccess of itsthe Southern paitics. lam to decide the contest The platform waa then re-lude theknew he was a tolerably good guesser. He took pcsitkm of unseen peril, would drive them with the;vicissitudes of this life, folded his :stitutional rtgbu, but not In the way tliey do.JJT''"'''mtkmU aelement of vast power and activity introduced into a1 torn to them aitd ask, ' Are you for theConstitu-AnalthatDeahRicnMOKBleftthistS0,0OO, which Is to be used in the rural distrlcu, to in- butgreat body of Disnnlonists, that say if Mr. lasoeui iselected Preslaent of the United Sutae, that is suS-clenl cause for tbe dissolulfon of the Union. You sayeverlastingwere overhauled, and, togiether negroes,wtth'8Mre(«lijltiy'f^i^prDaueu>.Ui thought to bo1i impopular; claim to poFC he is elected according to ttifi forms w the Coo- eration to-day.";J. V.Utmn.-OLh|^^ oharBed. after y«ceiviDR,.all tbe courtesy and baait-fringeracDt oponthose Coostltatloaal.rUits. Sup-;ndrr,' Uetttenajit^bainiilB&fSirs, he will thenheelectedbytheformsestshllibfid aocoralogto"says, the usage prepared. She- never can believe that every one, LTKC!H-lJlW— POLpTlCALsaid•"ntl 'Black RMMUlcan Party at the North is, as to show how but a few months since they declared Wbatis thisbut an oligarchy? .The laborers arethe which has to a very late city tightness updhaysthat she rules moral and petinluideiice of Capt GaeESB 6. Maana, T. £_ ha««TBttoiii liieeiii lit 111small commuDitjes':now, a powerful party. So far as majorities are above Mason Hnd Dixon's line, they out- Ok and tn a contest like tills it becomes us toof the Spiritto croak- thority is spiritual censure, whereby she exercises thefirstmomenttliatwesnail,avoid,ifwe __tsectional vote between the North and thei Inlihas mainly contributed to this resolt Baaldaa tha fdlfillmentttof tbe ooerona dudea of his poaitlon, te- whole groimd of doctrine is open to her. She can ex- clildadtntnegeneraldireetlonaadanpRv1aloaa<Mf communicate right and left as much as she pleases: great work, tbe executton of a large portion of the main triaaKBlatioB, and of tbe off-shore liyWiajiaiih*mePope do to the Roman ChurchThe whole ground of discipline is open to her'^Aat LiacoLS is a.;thequoted opinions ofthe Breckinridge organs of this Statemake the Stateasnlljilaied la tills reckoning. The poor whites have of the times. In all this there is aofthe head of a league whleh no honest or patriotic man gi,bSoe that makes one side of Mason and could indorse, and as one who should be allowed tohead-quarters show that a very largect^.amount uf work has bean9 go one way orthe other, and it becomessink ftomcontact with such a system as tills one or tlie other mustgiveway. Idonotsay,saidMr.Collahee.thatpoliticsthe state of affairsmuch advancedInthe hero of their canvass tobeunworthyconfidence;no position or influence, and the owners aggregateddisposldonlogthat is not fully justiefnitederbtyaifnaectds.thatHeorteherancdaeulsses-•• compUsbed, the entire teglanof Oraod Traveiae Ba*-. disobedient, if this is their ground, then, what Includioc the Manitonand Fox lalanda, having \nm, harm does the ftfll of the temporal power of the* obtatoedwlth extreme accuracy. The efficient aaa»^intoBaioKiasmoi then came in for some attention,which arouses sion. New-Orleans has certainlyinfamyinsignificance.§oapprehen- cropsoftbeabieand ao a aoeomplMied ilalaai• f,the eleotloBOf Bau waa the name of his Ihemlon with nwney tobuyAmericans InCottland,be deeted under the CooatttationT-'Viler BcpobOean of Ten-' the ConstltutlQn. Yet you propose to r esist his in- Is Slavery sectional or national t I say Slavery Isand lovers of the Union. oftbeOovemment,"it'-asitforyourCoastiiutloBalrights. Youarewilling .toTUM UaitM atatea,' residentof«U their constitutional rights, obtainyeur 'great Constitutionalrights,' and do not protected under its folds r 1 say, yes.commenta of theatwut li o'clock, the drcnlation of a report that the by.would be gallantly de- rrinemoer that you violate a great Constitntioiial ^i^-t: tka'Se^^taamoiiiaJilxatlan principle that applies to all the people of the UnitedJieoded an<l ably manned. It is not only by tens that I States."Stairs It will be upon the body of the people who re- elling in the dust, be has only to cas' his eye over the mediately r^aired to ike spot, and foond that a dear a recapitulation of^the Ideas expressed te the afwre sent the efforts of the Secessionists to imperil the Italian movement, showing the most wretched, perate character, known as Phil MAanixa, liadbeecto bring the Government to a stop and to an end, toWherever our fioSts over sea or land, is Slavery flag;set forth, expressly. In tHe platform of the piny it isParty upontbehave met in this State as X have traveled The remainder of his alloted time was taken up by abstract!:. No ono had the courage. It would seem, Union that he will rest, not only for support, but for BtpnMlons which seemedexecuted but at what orbut sectional candidate no meretr, however, so fitr as regards his refusal or aeg- side by side, In the same State, they cannot exist.of the but in Western South, This alone pro- duce, an unusually large amount. might __X«lil attempt to controvert. That the candidates lectlbanswer the Norfolk questfons. He reiterated Free Labor Is degraded* by contact with Slave Labor. have effected much of tne demand for money that has amttls ticket are both above Hason and Dixon's line tbe ebaige of Disonlonism against his party and Us Free institutions avoid the places^wbere Slavery pre- been felt, while the. uncertainty in regard to the crops vails, and hence a Slave Territory will make a Slave may have created a little more than ordinary pru-no eae wlU denr, and that they are nmning upon a•etfaaul platform will not be controverted. On the supporters,there is nothing to prevent herfaction. She addc^ one doctrine to tbe faith a year or netic department-"'',>and closed.she has still the swoid ot tbe Spirit, and can brandish it as she lilces. She can go on ''developing" Christian doctrine te her satis-State. "That contest in our Western Territories is dence in meeting the necessity for funds.now in'progress, and it forms the i.^ue of the time. favorableof the has but a small influ- countryNdrtlU insisting upon rights which are denied ordoaMedattheltorth, that at once produces a contestbetweenthe North andj South, and although it may of the great enemy, the Republican Party. He had 'whether Slavery went up or down, he could only say At the present time the croakers are doin;; a senousetiwIXTi'T if the Breckinridge Party shall succeed inBBECUNnlDGK SENTIHBKT8.Mr. WHiTTBoaici, of Columbia, representingwhich is nowmoney market is an indication that toe attitudein theof the6ff the South into this fight, and sedon^the He did not envy those who thought tliat we had no in- irdrasriagahaU He attle to consolidate the Soath against theterest in the struggle in which our brothers were en-Lieut O. M. T. E., assisted PoE,Lieut 1 Aram, haiinet at present be markeu so distinctly by Mason's and SlxdB's line, yet it will result that dissolution will follow."He tkanproceeded to develope the Issues Involvedas to the or Irregularity of regularitythat if he had m> far departed from the fathers it was no wonder he could not find his mother. [Laughter and applause.]iB'Ae canvas (as he understood them) as follows:thefor the Constituilou, and the determination to regardthen took the stand. He com-plained that neither of his competitora had not spoken ^the son of Vermont who, in such a contest, cared nottwo ago;Caaa andBreckinridge Party,gaged, if it was a thousand miles awayand as formomentThe worst that is in immediate5rSS?«¥S2 PJm^mT S?" *^,'thn will eaabla iia ta esoaae a worseaue.'srw-rofBK^-WednesdayingBeans of a WelESl??* Tl by cAil "PaMJg Stood on under ffiS^JSiiSm".r*J,S?)iI' The ethers. I think he has a good anJ the Th^.^ ..?''"«**"»"'<»<»• He then confidored for all«hi.:hOn tbe morning of Oct I we dUemb.,*.* ._jI think he needs but one thing, «nd If ^ooBatl^ly moof that to-dav, I would eonteutBut this, our try*>" «»Ted. Saved by abroadour wants from brought us in Biltisb bottoms, al-us, iS^„.,5!° ^„ ""' TM"h"T, remarking " (hail be carried from andfrom Ifew-York. to he used ia the we are sadsfled. as much from this ar- ^seu with leaving the question so far that New-York ?_ .!_ , .^' 'y DoooLis—noDody thinks of him now. lowed to monopolize all the commerce of the New iitlcle aa from other lufonnation, that the ebarge is true.beTMcfi^ceto jeu:shall be''*''"K<>»noearthlychanc«— Republicasthepriceofherfavorandproposedpro-amount electtonofmoney But«h,SlfT' N".°!'"'ii""""'' "»"totection. Amongallthe of Injuries complainedSouth to disunion, not one justify.^-^try.redressed or mitigated by tlie event•make the State.'Of courw when the system of Free Labor comes in than have t>een mainly tnfiuential in producingright, which to ell tiodles as such, oiiemoving tfireolomughser pale trheeligciosussentlent and toeunwillingto state on• ***aiwajE—task not to «Uy,^ whtre storm alter storm rises dark over my wayIand officers fled to nrta onknowa, leaving ns to'bak outforourselves. Thecruisercametoanchor,aaa-Samuel lived well. IJour- withmaysay Whilsthelived,helivedInctoveriKdherboatsandpulledhim as been on both sides of every questton of baringtionsnational.Does the Constitution of it« own force, carrywholly, _Wno 6;ftforthenationtoInferfromdoubtfuloracles. ItIsWe see in Holy City. this:,ACvrrespmiUneeiif 4kt treuhVoHr-Time: j" He who ascends to mountain tops, He who surpasses and excels mankind.and see their hate below." 8I.ATSRT AND FKEEDOiU.:souri itself new life.CM, nies. The address closes as followssimplyand as if those whom she complained of were theI andcameto this believe,ago,ahontSpeech by Senator CoII^mer, of Ternont.and Slavery lanot universally looked upon a^ the view to show that Docolxs is the regular nominee. Benator Collahxb, of Vermont, who has just in reform principles, and you find your standard the anceMust feelto be at all moved it ! people byhermuch towards a thorough organization of your partyin this Stale. You have overcome that hesitancy ofavowal, tliat want of mutual recognition, which is the to give to all events ; but it looks now as if she had nerofihe worid almost outside the Undte of civili- great obstacle In thethe Generalto do so. After some allusions purely rpersonal IntoDouglas' noininatlon, but that he had been taught tovote upon principle, he should not support any man The speaker alluded next to the respect for our neces.'-ary- Hope strengthensnothingsayto the expectationpublic.does not renderAggregatedmarket politicalby power only,they cannot exist in separate parts of the landA cheerful blind to the who had fallen from grace, as such a man could no equsil laws, which arc now the sole protectio.i of the of has a influence in avert-bly nut much interested in this ivisible department;greatlonger be a Democrat. He read the following fromweak the againstregardcompacts irg impending danger. While, therefore, the disposl-build, pleasure toe Mr. Lee. The schooner whole world of spiritual discipline and doctrine. T. £., assisted bypeople or In the. House."lookoit «» kf? Captain, eStaSS: of then. One waa dlspalabedftom Syracuse Btag- firemen attIio«eor-(heaaUon took the MeamrS:correspondentfor the key. Oarparlv beata,Ooti Cei;aaa«urra;Io«a,.intodae«dar, 17,was throwi^ IntoOur,towi; .excitementcharacterized his long political carrer. In the Slave where. If any one wanta to see a great Power grov- mile from town, baoglBg to the limb of a tree. I la^blind rage, and nothing more. This theresummailly waytin iWate than Kentucky can boa^t, the eS'orts of a stsD on the St. Jdhn's Colleton resolutions in South aims of the Republican Party, as expressed in the Union."CiSllus to tlie «,ntrary notirlthstandlng. Unfortu- Carolina, to show the bold audacity with which dis- superseded platform of ISSfl. Judge Baiia reminded Then the address claims that the principles of the what to do ; she has no view, no plan, no line of ac- card attached to the vest of toe deoeased, upon wUeh . .hat are the views of my competitors trightsoany sovereignthe the Pope quittedthethRragh It. The evUa of Slavery- hiive more foes in his reading quotaUons from the speech of Mr. Towa- to ceoxrirsetctinthtehegrmosisndmlosfapMpr.reWhneinraToHnoaiiE as to the defeating, in their own homwehs,o the noisiest plotters of ismpotthent, evil and revolt—the men exhibit devotion to the;r, I discover here the great truth of Baowicsoir'sunion sentiments are expressed in the extreme Soutli. THS DOUGLAS 8FKECH.Col. WAnaasoH, of McMlnnville, representing theof the Democratichis competitor, (the Douglas elector Is his help-mate,) as to some-of his historical reminiscences, that heRepublican have beexi assaded and grossly mis- towas written, ' Hung Cor all manner of 9tt raKallty^**Uat "the Constitution and lawsUS the most pertect freedom of thought and speech,was aof aonw State-^^territortes and Iiifusiiiglnto them and the State of Mis- invaders. As if it were of any use to be In a rage,:<aty stoce which time he haa beenthree mt^flf.,-of that State,**Bait dtiserlbed it to be when in :8.'>n he gave his tunity to denounce Gov; HAxais, of this State, as the on Thursday last, addressed the membersflewsontheSlaveryquestioninallitsvariedaspects." manpeculiarlyresponsibleforthesecessionofthe branches,inaccordancewitharesolutioninvitingliim ascentresofactioninallthelargetownsoftheinteri- crownoncewent. necesatyoftolsseveremodeofadmlnbtertngjustte,;ence at the taiiste.uponthe action ofcapi-confidence in tee future, that is not for aud actual state Ahlngs, greatof course every intelli- which is a leading feature in vhe character of the peo- and un- his full duty to avert the danger, unnecessaryof breakers ahead should be care-'strong,ahan be prohibited in the. Territories, and that the some book, and tUclared the same to be taken from the tlie rights of others as much as to guard over our own, a coming political storm should nerve every to^W^Iack Republican Party Insists that Slaveryat the of ti( n oilmen to take alarm slightest ."iuspmlcainonCo;ii«te Tbe party on toe steamer fiurveyor, under tboGenevatCioveniment has absolute control over the Rtpublican Platform of lgS6qi:Aaliatt. The Breckinriage—or Secession party— gent man knows the same is not to be found anywhere ple of this Stale- Ho had received petitions that Con- foundedperfect command of a complete spiritual machinery, extend-;of thetheir character, he touched upon the question of Sla-tialil t i^- Vhittbouii, candidate for Elector for who do not vote the regular ticket, declaring that he very. Vermont, he said, could jusUy a^ply Paul's and have inspired a zeal im the campaign that only a and system of their Church which retiuires the BloD between the two candldatas for Coagreaa ia tMiUiijpWiu at large, on the Breckinridge platform ; and and many others had within two. years, so help him language to herself, " I was free bom, I never was In long party discipline could otherwise have produced. temporal power of the Pope for its support. Their dlstiict. CoLSabvii, E. Cuetis, our present Sepre^tmtlb eft this city, representing the Bell Electoralhis denunciation of men, pretending to be Democrats,Catholics cannotpointto asingle partof thescope Yesterday was the day apfxrinted for a joint iMaaiiawithout they boast that it is.<hMl.«^>ep*>i>iica»ism, or the insulting language aimed of Dooous is assistance to Bell, he remarked that he tion of Senator Collahee's speech : result depended upon the exertion of each Individual Christendom, and say that they needed tbe tem- discussed by the two champtons. They bote declaeadat^l^r^lfttzens' of foreign biith, which found place in did not care to whose benefit it resulted, for boltersthe veeeh of the party named second on the list of r'-'!' JUDOIBRIEM'SBXHARES" Associated with us is a portion of our country ciilsen. Let every Republican go to the polls without poial power, and had not a perfect, complete, and toenuelves refoectlreiy pledged In &var of the IMMa'^iwillliiliil but little* sytapattiies If^A^heof Jobs C. BaaoKinaiDox to be sectional, and he would:any temporal position connected w lib it is a mere our "tnmk" to marketargiuneut It was directed maln-of the audience, and presented nothis word ment:but quoted to them Mr. Calbouh's state-performed your whole duty to your country, to yourand to yourselves.STBINOENCT OF TBE MONET MABKET IB THEI tobNAconsiderataons and views.-remarked upon the importance of the pres-as toucliing the perpeitiity of the'The Southern States sre an aggregate, in fact, of ' communities, notof individuals, k very plantation is a little community, vith the master at its head, who con- He then made reference to Wiluah L. Yahozt, and centrates in himself the united interests of capital and labor, of which he is the common represeatative. Theseringtouch him with a foot fortypole,if there were no dber isbould not have disorganized tbe partythey havingfirmlythey "regulartheoryIsquite completeit; they confess;done so he was not one to fiy the track to continue a and condition of this is anno tradesjoin any;he,candidate in the State."superficial drapery,their Church wields no fieshly weapon, but the sword this departmentsuch crowd"said I would ndtpartyThe New-Orlesns Picayune remarkswhlc-haccident, has nothing to do with the lifeof the Church, and can be thrown off, like toe mostOCCIDKH^ Tri Uhrxs States Bvmtmt or tbe VamBt inatowhere Slavery prevails- There the master owns nutThe necessary resultanMakevote They ifelected,tohavetoesetwoverydeslrabtemaaM~pronly the labor but the laborer. aristocracy,;dependence.:Theywould be;and not labor,onlywill gvdon me for saying that, for I t>eUeve inmy oonsoence it is a secession party, althougn Bancs-isaaoxmaynotpossibly inteiu any suchtaing—theBreckinridge party at -the South Insists tliat they shall To introduce the doctrine of negro equality into gives to Congress the power to regulate commerce, "Occasional" writes to the Philadelphia Press. sne likes the Propaganda can go on, the Messrs. W. T. Casobaib and J. T. Steihobah, iyoBhave protection of Slavery in the Territories, thusVice-President Biiocis- in his celebrated Frankfort speech.would prohibit the Slave-trade between the btates. But he did nut see how that could be done, exceptundertliat clause oi the Constitution whichicess of the advocates of either of these doctrines would inevitaolv be a dissolution of the Union, tosee a compromise effectedTo abolish it in the forts, arsenals, dock-yards andthe worst be maythe enthusia..m of the this in^portent work, the merits of which are too gen-avoid which he desired to ^y the election of Joua B«.i_sivejurisdiction.original package, legislation. ConceoCceived these waridngs,the signal wouid all would know that aus-bringingunequal struggleic the pregnant is a grant of power to pro-Willie it willNorthern people, will Impress the true men of the~'^ aamay be learned by ,? Yes.if they be property, they stand like any other speciesHe isgreat capture,Why—A even thedeal more that St. Lso was, for to her as wed as toat of her^S»SpanishThe South would gain the confilct they seemed so much to desire;nothing byto enter upon, for said beportation broughtas long tlieywI am not writing as an alarmist.more Insane add violent the Pro-Slaverywould be thtt a new line would be marked out for of the pondentKey:"in theoriginal pacltages."by general consent. A fresh start would dated Oct writesAUow me to ask Wbat the South would gain by such aomttct? WJieieMtothis feeling principallyex- Ist-T. NotsomuchMp#Siateasinthe eightcotton States. Suppose U^ttuj succeed in the South inCongresspro-Papacy gained,II, Wyandotte,:.States tosf.,aboutapeaceablesq>aiationofthe Unionshall be com- pelled to surrender ignomlnlously and emancipate*' " by latiscalledinlog-on the of the part; suppose they should saccea^ls drawing a line rfpon these Middle States between iQiMe and more Southern States, and eatablish, as th^ ipeatly desire to do, a W^hat would they gala ? Look at It ior aAgle moment. What good would they as- have not got white populationworn down bythe8ailtl>etBie|H<e<teracy. coDipllah? Theysubject.sists in precipitating a dissolution of the THE FEIIEBAL LOAN-Union."" We noticeany rale,of thatpartyit which surrounds toein all their territory to protect theinselvos agBnattheir slaves, if they were incited to insurrec- tt(m and furnished with the means to carry out that Insurrection. They actually dependent upon the Middle Stales and the General Government to milntfllB and support them in their present position and lights. The feeling of the cMllzed world, as is kafava to every man that has inquired upon the sub-he does it at the ex-process byThePress remarkshad she have been fallennew state of things. The whole future is a blank to an island on toe souto side of Cuba, discharged herenoughthis purposewere gradually becoming fre«.Philadelphia:one who willinves- ezc^t In the United States of America, is t tbe iBStittitlon of Slavery. Sui^mse then, you ft with a Southern confiederacy, tearing thoseAre negroes property ? Are theyThen, Republican majoritymore than and. aU,the treasurer of the BrecHnridgewhich has its head-quarters inmadesupremacy many long slaves landed ; about 130hadanypaith of them, which have all that power, wag- rtthsm, the feeling of thecivllized worl t litem, could the Southern States sustain ^ ilrei T Yet they have the foolishness to want to Iknnr off the protection of the Government for awere eveninthis. AStiil there advantages Bepubl^,!changed haada rise to considerablemand It could not be dissolution of the Unum. •present posltiiu, did not move in the dark. He had only to cross themere technical abstraction, as to their tattonal rights."great consli-He knew where Judge Baitx and his party that at least if she was kept out because she dent, and we have not the slightest doubt that he didA ealenlatlon of the want of chance of Mr. Baacxix- iriaalnlnrtlnn next engrossed his attention. That oanfflilatecanexpectnosmyuitfromtheMiddleor Wpiftiiia States, and if, gcSbig tbe whcAe South, asselalmed be would, he should get his. share I of New-Tork, he would still fall short of If he were elected, no good Is promised tilMi f|J|il|» as the result of hii Administration, and I hla entire party stands impeached with _ I te eaitf.Mt a plan matured and cherishedthis question.if in time to come SUve States should tie refusedand mighty powers that be. Mr. Cobb has great gard for Mr. Rioss, and Mr.BucBAKAH great affection. a citizensaid to bear a dose resmnblaiice to Mamrt<ftrade would be and Slavery In the Slave stopped,WMnlt the that a Southern lng f64otk,wouldtion of Bexcxuisidok by the Black Republicans. States, beyond our power and beyond our responsi- tatives etecl from Ohioai«7<e established.principlemitted. But toe Roman Court is still sunk in an ob-Mr. B. denies the aOaiinlonlst, but,"thespeakercontinued," It Isthat hela "R'P""- »»)««"<* Dea- miuoHtl««.fiaaa-|Mlate residence oftbe ondeceased, Baiqart-atnaiL,for Baicxunisoa to free naseU from tliat charge, because, as I have shown, ttie main strength UDon which he reUes Is in faver of^ The Steam Slmrer City of Norfolk.ttlterly impcMsibiethe dlSKAution of the eoosenrstlve elementsever, to prevent either Li!.toui orloving youbecome, us to asking6od,andhopethereis. ButaUth?^vXhlwt"lU.C. A. TrimbleII.. V. B. Horton.12. S. 8. Cox, (plurality)statement of tbeconcouiae of tbrapaneaal friandaol tba deieaaaertwve2 "SUlT"^ S? .'""^''dowmeaam*Union. I think that there are enough North and South, how- Baaax»aii>» fremGov.after which the audience dispersed.Ashleyenough, way.Pope may not, aftertoe deceased havimr been a member oftha fo longorders and (be military comnaay, andaalmaorfiymember of tba fiaa TypogruihlealUnloo; BaM Oaaaboflcetaof tbeetiier mitttary .ooaafaalea, aat a lana1 know there are to SS5flJ!?,^„f enough prevent-3,100968— *>*• 2,»87neventthe success of Lniooin—but I havetrMtinFallticnl aUsecUany.A COOL CALCCLATIOK-W Hon. B. F. Moobx, of North Carolina, was.'.'..may be cured by the elecUou of BBfc He is tbe only man that San beat Mr Li.i?, ,fpr•eae•it-t of whlchtbeg^thacwintjyJorathink I wouldiavttedTheNew-York on tlM Sth day of June laM. for ihe pur-UHtnabe beat at iSl Joh, C. bLckiVJI'i;*!;port pose, as we were informed, of entering the service of'"^i Behave cannottbe South would tose anything by intnistlngthe ad-on the nth Inst. In his tetter, apologizing for non- 14 H. G. BlakeTheHaaonaliMlba 'muieady shown you. Doosi-Aa—M— 1,0MfbaenLTMr _ MMBB -VKtttdiirrWteft Becausethe DemocraUc(, aaa Vmm.uf strength comes from themini.itratlonuf>heiraiIUralnthahandsofGfo.LAn." " "Ii..R.H.NugenJ6..W. P. Cutler17 J. R. Morris, (plurality) )». S. Edgerton19 A-G/Klddle20. John Hotehin21. J. A.Btngbamthe Government a of Venezuela as" carry Ike Naitbem sutes."^''Disunion, therefore avoid it,necessity, would peopleing ten days, where we remained six days, and dis- charged a part of the cargo, consisting of tobacco andintotbtliaarM and^moaaadoo Utat^^^^L^Ss,'''°'"' **»' aconslderaUonofcannotwill2,7M 8,i8« «,6I8 4,017i>miS<awuMieStBM tfe vray, to theproaji*; was foUowaaceremony Contlnentala ranged themselves near "^^.I^o^lyiOPMdedto, to Ihow that he isg,lta tbe course of his remarkspaclugea[ iroalo tall what he ever did for mankind ?nosedbroad-mouthed Irishmaei Vutrhmanthaxviere goto! to'invade our rigbteofthe aiwi soon pointment objecte promised, redy:eAggregateRepub.majorities..39,0Mwerenotknowntousattoetime.We sailed thence for Barcelona—tbe paaaage oeco-the Senate of the United tbne and iatd that Slavery was poUtiforeign dependence.f* '""i?","^^ oOcSt.r ileod ;* *'"^<' Picture, depicting BaEOini-oi1 CoBOOH,of Elizabeth City, Albe-and sOdally right ;In accomplishingrf ownn and dare, and one tliat had done liaiiM»es« and prosperity of the UnitedtoM the S^^°' 11°."°"^ *"." referring here to show Mntrnt hf,^^^"'?"^'* "e Union* men, and infear that when the disunlonists, under the plea ot pro- tecting Slavery, shall demand of the people to crlctnh-e late the value of the Union, not a few of them, in and-JfcB^Or*'^__a^fMTtM benefit of Immanlty, than any oth- Son««bearaDemocratsavthat? IwUlteUI|turn to anotherscene,andlistento«ino*/-!,wViioh agonvoftheirfeellng,intheprospectofmiseriynthe Dr.CoBOOHwrotetoMr.BaaoxniaiDoa,askinganthe nature of our voyage, as a trunwrt, neceaaarlly requtrlng a larger quanttty than a trader.OnthefifthdayoatofStThomas,(heseamen were ordered below to open the eaafeolbove men-ArfrfAaiiBmS IiBn LlBEKiA.-ExP^«i^entEoBpt«IMilo-.rf Liberia ^^flr^o'm^it.^^rtt on Aug. Sfi,"Youwilwlrihtaivnegheard,Mbeofnor^e^iJBSia»c"»h-e~s_yfo^u-.SJo^lITSTa?-of two slave shcapture _"broughtprofessed,""will coolthisraginggrape-shotwillexpelconfederacyThe following IM«- B«pre«!nuliTM.to which the whole of modem Is com- policyfriends for toterment, was entonnbed last evenlay Yifchargewhich Is but a renewal of the experiment of our fathers, iswhat we wish and what we shall effect."Tbe Aineral dace solete dream, thinking of Salerno and Avignon, fitting bmoiB. totAParty U solit NorthBut," he continued, we are all wrong. I would suggest for the refiection of my friend, CoL' Winia- sox, that 1 uever found a man deserttng tbe Demo-craUc him. Partythatdidnothavetheshakesabout) esterday it was the Pope that was going to leave Illsattendance, he said:the record sound upon the:And ifunder the mad counsels which threaten it, the eventwould precede for a short time only tbe utter disap- —Tbe bodyI, yourJ & flwse few words againstof buStentlons and toe des- of the ddp^onm which he frankly admitted that be waa bonaa to fliaCoast of Africa for toe pur-Sr saidttebever'MDlBni. said la tbecoutae of hisspeech.I esteem Mr. Yancey highly, and haveXgent for capt.dlmrlbuting the) Srtferprol?»b3inli»..I^^^BeuI*long and favorebly. * 1 ' Mr- Baaatnainaa is pose of proeoring a of slaves., ^not be less than two milltons, and would be almost bv direct taxation. This?ti.n"a^U!o?n^ ^5? I^iawlpweJwbeae orairintareatis inexclusivelysum, added to our present levy, woukl gatherlarge an an-knownhimand nrfclTH"-AllU«|IMMM«areinthe ty. Thequestionla, whohasPopidarsoverlii^ nual tax of three millions. For how many^gt"i*^Bo^f¥riaa^SLatoveiiia^iglOtatuponaabeingpvaettlnetmNN'l>*''>J'y5. aa his lelattonsT^ldwhat I have hit qootadt'tad hlBiself axireover, does not own a slave on Ood Al-go? away fromT?think the State couldbeartybere, and toiay that such a man caimot beiPNBWr »» South tsprepoaterousJhe more so whia XBJP* that theyTigries. Whatis ?you" StraetpeusdIima-^etimoingroaftion to some less bnrdened land,ofre- IbaaL Wamade toe Coast In toirty- six days,«n Sun-seven hundred and sev-except as emanating from BinoE,every BishopAmerican poll lies and to make it the ground of posi-and then only by recognizing the negroes as ariiclesindex LxpurgatortUii can go on, the Cardinals can the survey of that portion of toe coast extending boaa gotive legislation hostile to the Southern States.lies, and that L< all of it. the territory now in the Union or wtiich may hereafter property under the Constitution ? Morover, if me to tlie belief that a wide-.«pread disunion move-the power to regulate tlds inter-State Slave- ment is in process of secret and rapid formation, andthat we shall see the first evidences immediately afterTankingof commerce. Grant this, and how shall we answerwas based upon an abstraction, the settlement ofw&ich, to the likingof either party would not resulttothebenefitofanymanintheUnitedStates. Were refusetoobeytheCuustltutiononthatsubject.it not so then, he argue'l, the enforcement of either, To refuse to prevent, by State action, the spolia-Congress,restresult to be proveE. B. WeiohtM. ASAHS, made toe survey of the Manltou and Fox Islands, and also toat portion of toe coast betweaaTraverse City and Old Mission PointIn all these surveys, comprising an extent of overthe Republican or the Breckinridge doctrine, wouldbe an outrage upon a large proportion of the people of the Union, in so far as they protect property iu Af- in the Union. He thought that the result of the suc- rican slaves.such circunisiauces as thetemporalitiea go whether lie will or no; why, then,To prevent the admission in any latitude-of another slaveholding Stete.it cannotGut tbe Supreme Court has al- decidel that tbe State the trans-fiom Point Aux Bee Scie to Traverse City. Mr. D.To repeal the Fugitive Slave law, and practicallytion of Slave properly, but, on the contrary, to make c(!ect. a of is ofhis powetor beclaim the spiritual centre ofit a criminal ofience in theirobeythree hundredcoastother places In the South, where Congress tuis*To abolish the internal and coastwise trade.exclu-re- and those who are always on the gui vive for a panic, in order to promote their own interests in Uie purchase and sale of such securities, ill, of courfe, assist in this extraordinary movement.highestto further requireDetroit Advertiser, Oct. 22.comment fromWest correa- ia a letterTo limit, harass and frown upon the institution in every mode of political action, and by every form of are;public opinion.And the finally, bypostal service,to modes, agitateThehibit thefound the of right1 believesteamer wito her She was ordered tote Quaran- Tbe Crusader arrived bam a cruise <m toe Sth Inst She brtogsnews of toe-'caoture of the City of XorfolkStates withoutof all crimination—sympathy—States until 16G8, which clause, what is called inThe utter causelcssnesspreparations.their slaves. He continuedHe doubted not the mo-;them the difficulties which beset the Moreover it would be doubtful policy to prevent theagainst those who are blind enough to think their safety con-stampedoi a new eraslaves, l>y bringsSpanishwho hears me can shall succeedofttliigswithi:At intoHearty applause— were alt onC^t — ship. I understand that tbe l^aiddioaoer haathe the Press and all ,other accessibleand the basis of a new career wouldto-day inwhich and the border slave States Virginiato wito but she cruised oa ;Executive, by Congress, by without, ceasing, until the SouthernConstitution, viz.: in that which forbids thecome, the more certain will their the championsand tliem to take a stand South, encourageRomanThe new course of evente wouidFirst Lieutenant sick.or brotherhood in the -Union!j;:!i|i|theseUgfater.then Black Republicans T If I have not, is there a man showPapacy.—" Have 1 doneexistingany injusticebut believes if a Black Republi-m It clings to an old stateor,when he presented In Congress a series of resolutions "President by a majority was cause for disunion, then tbe Union is but a rope of sand, and the sooner we know it the better. But the talk of disunion was butLiacciii'a -Admlnislratton would be a conservative thunder fordeclaring that Slavery, being an abridgement of the natural rights of man, can exist only by force of p^- tive mumcipal law, and is necessarily confined to the territorial jurisdiction of tbe power creating it."according to his creed, ought to t.hmk war the Havana on this but it is to be that t subject hopedNevYork kou>msewithyou. Ihavenooblecttontothat,butIthinkopminionsandcome here and usurp the govenunent.wecoal and tbe eighteen large casks,Cemetej^ Maadaa there ^erfermtog »»i"??L""S2 ceremoBleaofsepulture. The <^-~to the House I want candidate myput byFaibbaxxs,all,electionfor the PreatdeucT to come out from that House with his eacuteheoB of honor elear, pure and undefiled, having avoided —'f«'"g"»g aUlaaeea and combinations with whatever party proposes them. I told my com-If thegoeaI nen it waa the mad the JIo<-contenta of whichthe lasttJU SenaU thouU eUct oUchew. saited from theWtawBH wim •^- •— "^^^-'•—aewaDaper,';Mt aaetbiaa that lie did. Helstheonly Sd^ ^"y- " 1» Yancit- Is 5iat argument adiresa- the South (howsoever great tee calamity inflictedon Democratic .0,421 Aggregate majoritiesA LITTSB FKOM MB. BRECKINBIDOE.wmedto *" ' your reasonandIn any attsmpt to sunder the Union on accountthe North) to povertyan institution for the c rcur^,»„^''''^'^'TM""'»dbythe -pride" pomp and Slavery, I fear a deep agitation among ourselves.pylngthreedays—wherewetookinaqnantttyof p^duTlSt'lSEteto fresh provisions (for the cabto) and an encanooa comrade—three vollevs ofw£Sh^ l*e'Sy"'^r 19.si^o'.^nS r'**Mayorquantity of fresh water for shtp^ use, SunieUMa of quietly retlred. wrong were aroused, but again allayed, oa aecottnt ofCrescent,to theat Pope. desperation, because it has not The least notion how to deal wito agressglobecommunion, from Mexico to Macao, to her the greater portion of theSouthern States are ac-This is Oie alltilgoni^m that is between tlie two par- To exclude the slave property of the South from our Suuihern brethren, who claim that slaves are tively at work. Undoubted intelligence constrains Peter's can go on. tlie Vatican can go on. What is MUsion Point, Grand Traverse Bay. Mr. H. C. Pe>-a direct issue betw een them and the ^'orth.His next effort was to show that this controversy be acquiied.'• The conspi:ators in theConsistories can on. Conclaves can St. Middle Village, north of Little Traverse Bay, to Old ou, go goon,trade lies withwith the States.readyportationofslavesfromotherStates.tulioDS of our own and other States contains clausesanil why cannot the Pope throw-iiimself upou the in- alitiiabie spiritual of his oflice, and take hiscitizen;i to the laws to that Again giaul powernegSaltaivvee-trade after 1808 and outalde of the hlbit theproducehave wouldthe suitablebeStates.tions of those who thus petitionedbut he wgiosohded toInauguratiiosn not the idea of the Roman Church, But tliis; ak,also,t"hethatMr.Rioas took $3,100,000 of the »10,000,OCO Gov- pense destruction Union, walking Mr. CoLLAHsE's presentation subject loan on last- there is a strik-over the fragmente of the Constitution." In oppo- was exceedingly clear and convincing. ernment Monday Now,In concluding, Mr. Collahik took a general view ing and wholesome lesson taught by such an expres- sition to this, he read the platform of the Convention of the field. He considered it certain that sion of confidence in tbe perpetuity of our institutionsthe be not a temporal monarch. look off under a full bead of it If Pope and They cargo, and set toe steamerforward to it with simple confusion dismay, and steam, and holes In her bottom to go down lute file know not what will become of the Church. It Is deep ** bosom of toe ocean." By some strange aols- without A view and without a policy. But this is im- management she changed her course and cameThe is all that St.becility—it is drivelling. Pope Leo »shore under a full head of steam, when She wasfoot of land inwas, it he is deprived of every Italy. discovered by a Spanish man-of-war, thus leadingof the of ourand of this whole'He thenwhich nominated BaxcKiifaiDos. proceededpoliticalMr. LiNCOLM would be elected, but feared from present indications that he would not bave the support of aofin either branch Congress.-can Administration could not be blamed for not at Committee,banker. He is a friend of Mr.with his argument"great of tliewe think,:•-•••.• '--^ ^^-S..rfr yatumalspiritual strides after St. Lki'sadmission because were such. He had no fear theyPapacyAandsuitahbele consolationhetaoddeeodf Christendom,Biwsho,p maennaetrtowmcb tbhe.enu'^LlStriBBeeanoe. ^- oi extracteiBiFbearonesn—IbeardIt onthebattle-st^toe^r^.mi?^^'* alSSdJ^r.'the Increase of their burthen-i, will be induced turn answer to those famous and nowHe said, " I dont%A>ng to ttm rMart the extensioftof 81ave-|[of the times to retort, and demand in interrogatories,tioned, and found them to containf^j^^m4itrA not a itnnge man to go for tbe South, «• for tbe eslaaslon of Slavery into tbe Ter-that ? It U the voiie Sf it^^ jL?^« IJS'^i' candidate. And as y„, rem;TM^ ,?'"-, "^^ friend's imniltf tno »yolul tihnati thne ho,t Kbiloodj '°°*' "lis picture. I sub-after severance, the ItepubUc the Southern States, for anwould require at least twenty-live millions economical Government, in time of profound V^?i coorafrom the reply which he receivedLixwaiOB, Ky, OcU 5, 1880.dZl^of"eav^er,'and"a^rnrv'?H^ '^besides a number at"°« 'S^'^^^,"'°''Deab SibYours of the IstInst, has been. ...iHlSeOBjKmnon-lntCTvenUonnearly years in succession donotMr.Yabcet. „ ,^,_„ llove the Union, but the South better.,'„.o..._. M Mected.cargo Weaiwwaedtoblmourdecidedunwllltognesstogo^and Aat he dtoold have informed us of that fact wUleiaport. Herepliedtoathewishedtohearno !<>• teat ua, ordering us to go to our work, and^V bthyo"?^it2nti'on'such an drain. exhaustingThe result would"•never be ouaeaiinated. r^gfJ^f-^y'BRECKINRIDOKmay prohibit—and the Consti-stand upounecessityabsolute. A right to regulate is a right to permit or a revolution, and notliing else.In order to maketoe haa hydrographyonce out all the objects of the party, without Washington, and the leaders of which are in the habitasserting that Lincoln's election will produce a• *of property."Tbe doctrine of protection is contained in the sec- Congress. Slavery had been tpo himdred years In of dailycarryingsecularadditionwhichisgrudgedhlm,and which is the fruitlul source ot the most awkward re-warsteamer. Boto vessels wereIng, bows On, as the sailors sar, when the Spaoiakond resolution, and this he indorsed as a doctrine towhich he had ever held fast. He had frequently put out-last his. day. But a Republican Administration street to ascertain whether the Union was going to the question to his competitor of the Douglas party, can still do much. He believed that Kansas the dogs, and to avoid putting his hands into theitsgalnlDgcheckedInayear. Thisqnfttlon,hebelieved,wouldwhether he Indorsed it, but as yet had received no re- would now be admitted by the Senate, and flame.s.and collisions y But. instead of this, what isand more than one, with the high As for Mr. was a Free State, there could be no comptaint have conferences, re-ply.stood they rightDooeLAS, he stands on the same ground, in his opinion,thatJosaOAR.GisnncosoccupiedinMarch,1842, ofsecession.Ifitwasafactthattheelectionofa Theywouldnotallowsogoodandsotuosemfublarkintheand threats could have little effect,on the sons of the Green Mountain Boys. Mr. leagues on the Breckinridge Secessionhis col-most hateful of all things! But toe Roman Court UtaeebulUtlonsofnatiaaBlitywmiead toao aadopaan empty threat,Committee tocannot divest itself of the belief that tois is merely a passing danger from a particular quarter, which a gen- eralconvulsionmayputaside. ItwillfindItselfmla- taken. The present move against toe Papacy as a temporal Power Is no mere passing stir ; It represents an accumulated growth of tooughtcomplications of our affaire wito Spain."FcHEBAXorCol.Lvxssn^—ThebodyofHr.F. A. LaBSbEif^vtog at last been recovered oa the shoe* of LakeMicblgan,neartheaeeneofUwappalItagdla-aster to toe £<ut|r Elgin, and to tbe d^ broo^at least ascertain whether they, in their preparations for dis-one. He would give tbe South no cause for secession. union, were only fabricating theatrical Did you notice my competitor in his remarks But the tide wotiW be turned. Slavery would be pre- mere partisan purposes.""say, as to myself, that if the election went tovented from extending in the Territories. The Slave-THE C0N0BE8SI0.'«AL VOTE IN OFIO.; it represenU anot take the1 am right. I stand where I stood the other day. bility, would be left to work Itself ou^ ThL^,theHouse, 1elec-are the m.ijorities of the Represen- :Yttuarehere,myDouglasfriends,andmyBellfriends, atusing Breckinridge like thunder, while, when younot of toough perhapsJerusalem,followed the close of the speech, and, on motion of a gentlemAi, a vote of thanks wasand carried unanimously,every- sonic and Odd Fellows orden, tta Caalla«Mliil:Guards, and the New-Orleans TrakM> TypogianUeal(toe latt^ to strong loroe,) aU attended tha tamAi"petitor preferred muck thatJoe LShe. That is my reason. I don'tbe doing very wrong If I did do ttiat. I dont think to address a Unton ratification meeting at Salisbury 13. .John Sherman.The oOce of ttie ed aspropHetat.even underthe saddest of human %venta. A wisebe amoagexcitementT"''r'"'^* "? the value cf Slavery. Even with a perfect unionfavors the public with the followteg luciditHpbeans, Ac, kega of anftoons, amail tto cups, razors and combs. This ebeoilManoe was made Uie ?^,??,il ooBversatton forvWfi and, after maturedaliberatian,wevraat to tba^Hbtafai In a re- body,if possible. about now, for theband. Theol Indignation will »well'-ar"Sirv°o"u^"or,^ The portion of North Carolina in this burthen raised Tbe questions you ask are answered in my mcla$edere.""^WihlaStilSaSBloSnl-'lrnntLervv'entTl;o^n'»—ihitCnnirreastheUnionundermycareshall Yours,rshaU not estabUsh or prohibit Slavery in the T^fritS*ora everybondoftheSlate- OursisterSovweigntyshall be Ml bee tnform and regulateto starve ns into comoliance to casePopolarown domestto inatltutloiis in their own way.'off. Belore we assume such extraordinaryCUy, Baa«nmxuiM.will not tell'But that themediately around us would be no betterUntitled Documentthraalaafing day,Ang.)2,andembarked, caase,merchandise, t^^arently, the contenit of received on board toe steamer two hundred tons ofofOefhSHd dfeceV thalrwaa both tana aadlbRpodng.to atSmaVlSr ffwarod-streetThe appveotprobMge calamities o( djanalenJournal :(:ib^ hadroundeutaandraBaabore-emtbeaamebeythatCaptainoanldyin this range of States. The BeU men, fearfiil tnU(»al rl^ts. and they ask me If I am' against that. Fortune uteo blm roughly and rude, and at last Sam- public life, and by his party is regarded as an able project of forming a new electoral ticket Only six main land in lighters, and, the ^an appearlBB tta.prea»tpoUtleayet hoping, stand by struggling.]is*eaow(*d to say against their old antagonist, bat which yon propose. I propose to give you your Con- " "" liveCommittee and the membersofthecommitteean*fiveelectorsansweredThe Douglas menI say noam foTOtitsinlngthemln a way different from that aims and pnKlaimedwould be very elB-fisasOde,proposalearrtBalii»^1amforyourCaastitutlonai rights, but I to the uel, lookingmostUswaa at oiteeproposes to save the country. Let us sec what It is.hands. 1 have asked thosewho favoreddisunion forNO FU8I01* IK OHIO-ppaymingbut lusty man, named SamueL Samuelourselves." On one occasion hsvelheardtheoutlineofaschemeof-of the State Central we had landed )&n the Tbe Douglas previousday.good many hard knocks and hard blows.safely—siaietman. Itis and very simple,Douglaswecantakecareofcient If I(u to'kave on the practicabte.to the and no call,meetingwas held, andthe tell affect. We.hadauooeeded li^ removiag MS 4 planpredictions fully avoided.THK PBOBPECT OPfrom Washington ;off-shore;bar-- dtr a Territory of one hundred miles widtiit peofiei by through.SlaveStatetoseeoreSlavery*!OBFriday,but rather encourage our hopes for anSamuel was succeeded by tho American Whig Union. The scheme. If practicable, may, perhaps, be fluence the electton.boat aetemMbtaw tnuwiEmfi to b« CMb»« Mi^eaQi^MtSiS /<a/wl and earned to Havana, where we ware aaar-Party, Bnytidagmuchbyway ofgMdprovialooHe then, refciriag to the votes of Bell, presentedTbe Roman Chnrch and the Ciiata* From Ott Lmion Time;and this has been suc-Harrisburgh,:"That the administration "afterthe oftbe early Republican days and under dfrectien of Mr. LiircoLii and the Cabinet of bis choice, will be strong,Churchisoneforwhichsheis obviouslyeven the Emperpr of the French, is against her tem-.of edntradiction I aa- tion f Yet you are great sticklers for the CansUtutlon Slavery Into all tbk Territortes? I answer, yes. peaceful, (toyoadfear restive uponRomanistassured, post lively, by every word and action that haa tone taken by her advocates and ohamplons every- bodyofamaabadbeagafeond on tbe hUI, ^xnit «constitutionalnofInfringing comStpatcet—aIs:;naog-tporalities,andthatitwouldUW^r< yeaterd^r.,Party represented in Missouri.But it claims tion before her, no policy that there-.meetthis new state of" of Missouri, you have already done Republicansgreat " under ad-ofall manner laacality."one point of concentration amid the confusion that hasgoneand the future were a dead wall to herseparated so many thousanc^s from the ranks of yourpast;recourse to tbe sternercoae ofJudge I>yneb;The Pr« done. A fortnight onlv intervenes between this and thedayofthePresidentialelection,andiuthatinter- thatit Isin a condition of Territorialtutiti* OBneceesary to eaM attention to the faisidca- of castor oil." In reply to the assertion that support Press, of Burlington, thus reports the concluding por- val it will become you to labor as though the national ashamed to show their faces in the presence of mocracy. Everybody tmifii out to hear tbe iaBoaafail, and adhereRailroad and the Homestead Bill, and both iiiiiBlmrt _. efficient basis without It. have, toerefore, ~te his political position. be not deluded by false reports;been experienced to themoney;dissensions that her one sole instrument tor the support of her au- returnedby manybeen attributed to theibelr in this Thair fiaM hUahifwhere no doubt can be-The political partieBchangereportedinjurycivil couimolionpresentthe Ifoveniber election, should thefavorable lo Mr. Llnccis. Although South Carolina is trying hard to push Alabama and Georgia into the loail, the will uiiquestionihly be the head and front of the revolution—for, if it shall take place, it will beT. Hehrt, assisted by Messrs.and A.on the partthe confidant of the President of the Urdted States,of thisCobb, the Secretary Treasury, and,tcorubseardueionfed.thIfeIt fwiares-etahteeirrs ionftetnhteioSnouth thentic Information, he had only to consultaTdheeremaiosamoubcahd *'Mr. Riess desired any further, and, if possible, more au-G. H. Pendleton_. John -A. Gurley, 3..C. L. Vallandlgham. 4..Wm. Allen. 5.J.M.6..C. A.White "..Thos- Corwin8.. 8. Shellabager9 W.P.Noble...-~ 863-1,204 .!7,6II903134 7881,318SMaud of ofcrownedheads. AwaxistosetI. .p*—'"; Tbe and oftta lltiA highdignitaries manymaaabeiaand whether thequit Rome, and lose liis temporalities in a peacefulDr. themarle County, N. C, has succeededan apparently hopeless task—extorting a letter from Mr. BaBCiniEinoB, relative to the Norfolk questions.:receiv^anyany cause.determined withDIStTNION.Council the entire region. Mr. W.H.dividmgW ben a Spanlati cruiser hove In sight, and Ou:of the under tbe Bh^"^ public service,from the season's field of to past opetatioaB .their demonstration more formiiable, letters are not, at any rate, make a virtue of nece^.-ity, andpermit the importation of slaves into our own State ? being written to all the Northern States, to trader.s of uiat he can do wi'.hout tliem when he can- have been accurately located. These results cannotAre we ready to own that CongressTo abolish Slavery in the District of Columbia. Still again, tlie Supreme Court lias decided that tbe every class, assuring them that, if Lisgoln is elected,may importation from abroad of articles of trade, as liquorscannot be prevented by State that slaves are articles of cemmerce and no State can prevent their Im-saynot keep tbem ? Such a couise would be bm be most satisfactory to eveir one concerned btdestroy.in the—from Africa into Its borders, as^The N«w-Orleans Picayune,Speaker foreignto Slave-trade, in another clause of the prohibi-thethus bebe laid aowr, and the new course of events wotild re-tion of the importation of Slaves inte the existingceive that treatment would wish for it.everyCatholic it. andand received coalbymeans of aexpected.Some of your Philadelphia houses have alreadysure toiav^akeuwhole Pftmaii communion it ivould kin .lie a fiame to ;the whole Roman Catl.oiic worldHe had to say three words to the Presi- only,-*Ir. RioGs certainly;apd ifprofessed quarters,"842Transport Thesteamer arrived at St. Thomas, the passage occupy- dnly partma^r^at tt» yaaliaans.tha coffia waWDgTteBMoeywascontrib 'MHVA88IIIworked out body piMwayverse circumstances, and finding tbe proper treatmentcredit for for versatility, seeingIn communities, altuatadaa we are, in a reaiote ooc-;;as if her head wereas if she could only.aaland then see that all whom can influence always been particular and earnest In telling us therefixe, we early, you bnmedlately" put through;"oligarchy. wrong.BeforeHeavenhebelievedthenominationForthisMr.Collahxkdidnotaj>khisaudienceu>takevotelikewise."Thus,andthusonly,willyouhavethattheirgroundis aspiritualone,andacurelntoebeUef"thatUncteSamwillsoon,*^.SOUTH.without the least loss to the sub- " stance of the Church. have told us ttiatIn our ownTbey alwaysABB NoBTHiraaTBEa Lsxaa.—Tbe partiea helonglone and spiritual purelyand thatexclusively, all a farm," and then build us a raad whereaonaon-be a relief to every one if^ BD^jraiOV.time, tfr- In which the Roman Church whom,ls imksown. All the inbrmaUaa laaaU takes a great trial. She does not know gather to relation to the matter was obtabifd froea aShe can go on agement just the same, and do all tbe acts vyhich she has done.;devolved upon him. In this he was aailsted by f iaal. W. P. Sarni, T. E., wluij^l^so had charge of the Buf-ing in every direction over the lour quarters of ihe chargeby;central tribunal :hydrography of HxAEsnra, assisted by-;";she can holdanyRome has breaking,'.propallertob?5L?y^JJ2^«"Vf0 •worked as feared to reverse them.gSi-assi^ais^^syx-SSSS^* fisherman to do M. om account ol^i^S^^an of hen Boving resBgesIn endeavoredtoegfeettheiraararotnnaaa(«aishe may add twenty more, if she likes, with-in as many more years. Whether Rome is under HAH, T. E.. and AssistantePapal rule, or French rule, or Sardinian rule, there charge of the astronomical department Mostwill be nothing lo prevent her. She is not likely to facturv results have been obtained, toe latitudemeet with any O|*posllion to her creed-making either longitude of several places of importaace/indndiaB.- a irt-ra JNAPOLtoN 111- or iiom CAToas, who arc- proba- Guuerich. Cove Island and Mackinac, having baaaexactaess.but if she did she has it all in her own hands. She The chief portion of the main triangutation, inclBd- can make and unmake, plant and pluck pull down ing the selection of potots and toe buildiiig of ata- and and work ail her will and up, in tions, has been performed by Lteut J. L. K* Snm^What more does she want? She has thewas as^gned to this party.ol Asst J. A. Pottee, assisted she can summon of her Cba>fis, a. C. Labsob, and H. Nam,Messrs. O. H. ""^there that cannot go on all the same Y What Is there KT, assisted by Messrs. H. Giu-icAir and G. E. Swibs- to dicad, then, iu this lo^s of a temporal kingdom, coE- accomplished toe survey of toe coast extendingChristendom? 7'hat is his natural his course, politiccouiso, the oi.ly course which religious honor leaveshim underpresent. Tbtbe given and the note struckneworderofthingswascommencing,andtheresult AffairsatKetWest.—whichinterpretation put uponin the most favorableoi thewayas theher Crusadtraover tbe crew ofTbecannot he fallback upon the spiritual supremacy, and torow up the freltog. has taken place between the Crusader and aadventitiousapproaeb- threw a shot across the bow of tbe Cmeadcr.time.by sale. A little tocldent givingiadonsthe preient hope of toe Roman Catholic world ?shipAwar' "A war," says Archbishop Ccllzn's organ, his ensign, and bore down iivonhun,daniaadia( whatfever;toose evil humors." The Galilean Prelates reechoA war, teen, is te be these sentiments. Europeanthe Heaven-sent remedy and restorative for thethat is the last resouice, and that is toe last chancewhichnowconsolestotoaeChrPiasptailanparty. aformalcomplainttobisadmiraloftbesquabblesthing right, and no new Papal view or policy is wanted. WeshallseewhetherwehavenothadwarCity of NorfolkTanajy-oohiiai*-.<nwhich were unluiown to us. White lying at ttda port:miles ofbeen mtoutely delineated, and all sboals and reelserally appreciatedtine,steamer, as well aswartoe steamer as distressed American seamen." steamer was under Portuguese ooha^ and, tberefon^ not subject to cs^itnre by an American man-of-war,wUch CaptMArm Immedlatelv retnmed. hulalathe meant t The explanationwas taken forOa Otf tf HorfMk,iiho the npiilBrAand vesselwas particularly inqueat of, which wybywaa that the Cratadw"--. peopleburthens, if wemeantoDr. J. T. P. C. CoHOOB,ElizabethC.^their That isItisunderstoodthatThomas M. Tryniski 309 South 4th Street Fulton New York 13069Mr.{ob« DO a»in henvoitti-whichdivL-ionwillmake necessary,www.fultonhistory.com 