 *xfiH0& signatures shall be necessary to all Toeaswres of legislation, in addition to that of the President.Mf c . € O B B \ < R E P O R T E D R E S I G N A T I O N .Mr. Cobb has neither resigned nor left the city,asTeported. Heisconfinedtohishousebya painful indisposition.MR. LINCOLN'S CABINET.Messrs. Fessenden, Simmons, Adams, and Foote a r e most named to represent New-England in Mr. Lincoln's Cabinet, and probably a selec- tion wiB be made from among them. An in- formal conference of several Senators was- held to-day, a t which Messrs. Fessenden, Bigler, Pearce, Pugh, and others, were present. They seemed to favor the extension of the Missouri line t o t h e Pacific a s a basis of compromise, assigned as an amendment to the Constitution to meet the difficulty interposed by the decision of the Supreme Court.strike the foot of Truckee Lake, or the cabins Of the Dor ner party, nine miles from the summit, and from there it is an easy grade down the Truckee River, de- scending; about 40 feet per mile, over a smooth country. The elevation of the pass is 6,690 feet. There are two other pusses leading out of Summit Valley, which I had not timo to explore, but either of them are practicable, although » little higher. This. Toute is at least 15) milesshorterthantheBeckwithroute;crossestheStato at its narrowest roint, and is'on a direct line to the Washoe minep. I will undertake to built! a railroad over tl is route in two years, for $70,000 per mile, from Sacramento City to theState line or Washoe. Thus the question of crossing the Sierra Nevada, I consider solved. .The Northern and Eastern Mails for the South West via. jhe'Virgiria and Tennessee railways, laid over atin the Becond degree.ACADEMY OF MUSIC.ME. • ULLMAN S WITHDRAWAL ELLO.With the exception of crossing/Harlem River by meansof pipes at the High Bridge, tbe ^ater passes throughthis channel-way of masonry from the fountain reser-hene, was destroyed by fire an Thursday night, are as" >>TmmmmmmmmmCAUSEOFTHEMTEDISASTER. through whichW^ 00l^^^0^^P' ^^^^^.4N(r9|accommodation of residents of New-Ycrk With Ridge-wood water. Hose have been attached to the hydrantsat all the ferries, eo that all who came could besupplied,and at the South Ferry a tank was constructed, fromwhich water could be dipped without difficulty. Largeacquitted, the evidence against him being iusufficient to warrant a conviction.The'prosecutor proposed to prove, thai on the 20th of March, Mrs. Cole was delivered of a child, aud was Fitting up in her bed and'doing .remarkably well, when Dr. W ickbam vitited her, and administered a potion he repre- sented to be composed cf rhubarb and picra—a very nauaeoiia\Onthecrot'fc-cxaminatlonwitne«asaidthatwhenhowasput-ThePutnam Phalanx, under a military escort, visited Two coaches from Denver. (Jitv on the 3d inKt. There is not.much music in Masaniello which can he The Chief Engineer of the Fire -Department has tir.g on hit coat' to p;o for Dt. SchimnJOll. Dr. Wickhnm told him r5<h, utdse.'ahd 100 pass, to K. Cunard. Nov. 21. Hi the Mersey,y•NEW-lX>&R^^i^^&«&$«*& *m&m 'Saw la*. They tegu*-. newroute^xjia.Nevada and Eureka. The result is, •.T h e Burch BMvorce Case*'•••.i.->••.";8, 18».-Mr. Seward will address the Supreme Court on Monday in the Newark Bridge case, which has enlisted some of the ablest talent in the country. This is the speech which the news- mongers insisted was to be made on their imag- inary compromise.THE HOUSE SPECIAL COM>nTTEE.theory was set aside, and for the first time in New-York that display of elegance was not a beggarly farceon the stage. But the philosophy of reform did notstop here. The manager having resolved to bring outLa Jvive in the same style as it was produced at theParisian Academy, the reign of terrible (Chinese)pasteboard armour of invincible leather-gilt knights,wooden swords, flaunting calico, and all manner ofstage humbugs used for ehivalric epochs, ceased, andthe genuine splendors due the occasion were set forth.Hardly had this been done, when Mr.• Ullman retires a half feet where the main rests, enlarging somewhatIt b«P been, in every wav, a prosperous Canal season, ;' Tlie Forwarders have gathered a ru»h harvest, and the State cotfers have been most jmitifyingly replenisbecLAnd the future is full of promise. Most of the abun- dant crop of the present year is still to come forward. Tl is insures a large bu?ihess for next year, and justi- fies the hope that its revenue will largely exceed even. thntof this year.Tbefignrep below, gratifving though they are, do not reveal all the agreeable facts connected with the. reason's management. The expense* have been di- minished a/most in the name ratio that thr revenue, ha* been increased—of which w e will speak more fullyTolls received for the month of November,•9isews*,B9 ?eT??r ' "7* ^^.tie-Bleetion andthe<*»»«*»» deciding against thatIhavefoundapnyticableandeoodrailroadroute a«rro*s the Sierra Nev.vkt via Dlinoistown, Dutch their future eentrw! in the Government, and * iat and Lnke Pass. The distance from Sacramentowant new guaranties to protect the xninorityagainst the apprebended encroachments anddomination of the Northern majority. One has no grade over 100 feet" per mile. W e go•heeu su>K*sted by an amendment of the Consti- out of Shroroit Vi.ller through what I call Lake Pass, while Fremont's route, or the old Emi-NAPKEVILLE,111.,Friday,Dec.7VI860. Vr. Orowiing closed the summing hp for the de-fruse this;afternoon, a n d M r . V an Arman will close lor eoni]h.inant to-morrow. Thecasewillprobablygregate surfeceto the river algtuTying filear water. The aqueduct': i: hight,:anditsgreatest^widthis7feet5incKes/givingaeectioDal interior area cfab^nt 53i sqtiare feet» -. Tl-.e foundationi is ,ofconcrete.tbe aidcwalls of stone* J fireiren gn<iceededin exting^nalinjjtUe'the bottom and sides of^tneihteriorbemgfaced with;J »ge $200. brick, and the top covered! with an arch of brick.BOSTON, Friday, Dec. 7,1860.. Bryant Moore of' Lowell, on trial for several days by the North and South respectively, both of feet higher, and a few miles off ray rente. W e for killing his wife, was to-day found guilty of murdertutionprondmgfortwocounselors,tobechosen grantroad,goesoyerTruckeePass,whichisabout7'ViTHK MAim:N LAKE rtKK.The insurance of Mr. Vail,,wboee «&irer'JSa'1'Fort Moultrie, Good Friday, Christmas, January 1, If these gentlemen and others will agree to in- Thanksgiving, and Fast days, omitting the Fourth ofused in cases of long-continued drouth.ARTESIAN WELLS.In onr account of the water panic in yesterday's TRIBUNE, we alluded briefly to some extraneous means thatbadbeenadoptedbyafewfar-seeingcitizensto preservetheirsupplyofwaterformanufacturingand other purposes. Our attention has been called to .some slight errors in a paragraph respecting artesian w°Jh}« Among the wells therein mentioned, that constructed by Messrs* Harris, Kuhn & Co., sugar reQners, should be located in Leonard street, between West Broadway and Hudson street, and not in Sheriff street. Those gentlemen state that they have two artesian wells, giv- ing a supply of pure water, equal to 200 gallons por minute, or 12,000 gallons per hour. These wells have been in constant use more than six years, and the quan- tity has not been diminished in any respect.s Tho same quantity of Croton, they say, would cost about $1,500 per annum, to say nothing of its variations in tempera- ture and continuousnees of supply. Similar wells havebeen constructed, not only in the brewery of Mr. Har- rison, in Sullivan street, and in the International Hotel, in Broadway, but in Totham's lead works, in Beekman street, in Ockersbausen's refinery, in Rose street, in various breweries and factories throughout the city,—H. B. Boynton of Ala., and C. Thomson of ECftd^ | denfield, England, are at the Everett House.*— Tlie Western Academy of A rt in St. Louis, Mou» mustbeinaveryflourishingcondition,judgmgfront^^^ thecircumstanceofitshavingbuiltagalleryforitsao« commodation, and opened an exhibition of nearly fiva ' hundred works of art.THE CLOSE OK THE CANALS—A PROSPEROUS YEAH.—The Canal in practically closed. A few boatsare being still prepfed toward their destination; but no m new clearances will be issued, and no additional tolls * recfived. .. ,vl.corporate a clause forbidding any future acqui- July.The electioncountwasfinishedto-night. Judge fourthsoftheStates,theirpropitiationmaybe Magrathleadsthesuccessfulticket.Messrs.Miles,sition of territory without the consent of three-' considered such. Such a condition would stopJRhett, nrd Spratt, are also elected. There is groat re- joicing to-night among the friends of the gentlemenelected.GEORGIA.MACOK, Friday, Dec. 7,1860. The disunion feeling is still increasing in Georgia. The certainty of the secession of Alabama and S^uth Caiolina will tend greatly to strengthen the secession- i ts of this State. Mr. Cobb, a brother of the Secretaryof the Treasury, speaks here to-night in favor of dis union. ,The Fair of the Cotton Planters' Convention at this city has been postponed until next Monday, owing to the delay in the arrival of the goods imported direct from Belgium.filibusteringtional controversy.THE" NEW ARKand*amrefctone of the causes of sec-BRIDGECASE.Mr. Corwin's Special Committee will probablynot meet till Tuesday. I t is not yet determinedwhether Mr.* Boyce, and others in his category, The banks in this State have all suspended. Those will serve. They are pressed to decline by an in Alabama wi:l suspend next week by private agree-<;extreme outside opinion. A refusal to enter upon an honorable consultation framed for the purpose of hearing alleged grievances and re- dressing them, if practicable, would exhibit, either a foregone conclusion to protest against an agreement on any basis y that their own cause would not bear scrutiny. If not willing to ac- cept these conditions, they must take the result. The country will then understand that the Seces-: sion movement is wholly revolutionary andwanton.MESSRS., COBB AND HUNTER TO RESIGN. FromAnotherCorrespondent.ment. They have pledges from leading secessionists to relieve them from the legal penalties resulting from se- cession.MILLEDGEVILLK, Ga.. Friday, Dec. 7,1860. Mr. Fulton of Columbia offered resolutions in the House to-day, requesting the Congressmen from Geor- gia to propose to the Congress of the United States the appointment of Commissioners on the part of the North and the South, whose duty it shall be to providefor a peaceable dissolution of the Union, and an equit- able distribution of the property between the two sections.on account of an empty treasury. The reason which he assigns—for want of patronage—is not exactly the jupt one if any reason can be giveu.IPSO.. /..,... -i. Do. in' 1859Incroa*e 5n 18fi0.*..S41I.W9 4* JW/i.231 • *$ 144,328 01AdvicesfromTexasstatethatMr.Stewart,member oftheLegislatureof Texas from Gonzales,hasissued Mr. Secretary. Cobb has had repeated inter- a circular, in accordance witb'the resolutions of meet- views with Mr. Hunter, Chairman of the Com- ingslieldin that place, inviting the members ofthe Legislature to be in Austin on the third Monday in December for the purpose of holding an extra session and to take the necessary.steps for calling a State Con-vention.Gov. Houston promises to resign if the people of theState demand.the convoking of the Legislature.The hoisting of Lone Star flags in the towns of Texas continues to go on, and the people throughout the State Mr; Holt, the present Postmaster-General, it is nppear^o be united in their feeling of resistance to theis said, will succeed Mr. Cobb as Secretary of administration ofMr. Lincoln. *the Treasury, and Mr. FeKsenden will succeedMr. Hunter. Mr. Holt has already brought the The K. m. S- Africa «S*Cape Race. ST. JOHN'S, N.F.,Friday,Dec.7,1860.. W e learn from the agent at New-York, E. Cunard, Fessenden is the Atlas of the Finance Committee. es*j., that the Africa, Capt. Shannon, will, should the These changes, if made, will be followed by the weather admit, caJQ off Cape liace, au3i communicatecharms ? These be questions for solution. - La Juivc, however, is a stock-piece at the French Academy; when'brought out first, some thirtyyearsago,itran neck-and-neck, and a little ahead of Robert, le Diablc, and t-o forth. Up to t'ho time, therefore, that New- Yoik has metropolitan supremacy in art, the less un-that our readerswill find atthe cornerof Avenue D of 4.C00 buch. Ked. at $1 20«$1 27: Whito, *1 33^*1 37-Thescenesabouttown,yesterday,inconsequenceof andThirdstreet. Owingtothesuperiorityofthis COKNoniet;walesof2,000bush.,at65®67c WHISKYdoJLat 1'^lPJc.theCrotondeficiency, werelessexcitingthan thoseof waterfordrinkingpurposes, the well has withstood, CHAKI-RSTOKT, Dec. 6-—COTTON: M1«Hto-day 1,400bales, the the day previous; the supply was somewhat iucreased, for thirty-three years, the innovations and prejudices market cloeinp with an advancins; tendency; salos of the weokWASHINGTON CITY, Dec. 7, 18G0.mittee on Finance in- the Senate, and finds himself unable to extricate the Treasury fromg< ntleman-"!ike talkneyiem with meaning around the Bow bells, but withits present bankruptproposes to resign at once. Mr. Hunter, as a matter of coarse, will have to resign his position as Chairman of the Finance Committee in theresourcescondition;consequently he' Senate. Both are Southerners and secessionists.Post-Office Department out of chaos, and M r .water from the Passaic. The Distributing Reservoirpassage of the Morrell Tariff bill, and will ai once restore confidence in the ability of the Gov- ernment to pay its liabilities and protect its credit.with the telegraph station at that poirtrt, by means of Una news-boat of the New-York Associated Press, on or about Saturday evening, Dec. 8, .thus affording to the commercial public an opportunity to eewnmunicato to their European correspondents four days later news. We are authorized to say that the services of the news-stated at some length the facts connected with it, asMr. Powell's resolution, offered in the Senateyesterday, and which lies over under the rules, boat and agents of the Press at Cape .Race will be en-PORT O F BOSTON A N D CHARLESTON.Monthly Statement of the value of Imports and Exports off <tf>:• will be somewhat modified by the Southern Sen- ators to-morrew, and will be supported by sev- eral New-iEngland Senators, as well as Senators from the North-West, without their committingh themselves to any line of policy, on the ground that the resolution is simply one of inquiry, and can do no harm, and may do a great deal of.Tjorood. T h e Southern Union men greatly desire the passage of such a resolution; the Northern men will n o t object.tirely gratuitous to such parties as may wish to forward dispatches, which can be done through Mr. George Smoker; No. 7 Broad street, New-York.The Remains ofGen. Walker. AVGVSTA, Ga.,Friday,Dec.7,I860.The Mobile Register of the 4th inst. announces the return of Capt. West, who went to•Truxiilp to obtain the remains of the late Gen. Win. Walker. Ho.was tfnenccceaftil in his mission, in consequence of the laws,pf Honduras prohibiting exhumation. Gol. iiudler'had been humiuiely treated, and his release was expectednumbers of"'persons, with buckets, cans, pitchers, doee, a.ciiinet wl)ieh h*-r stomach revolted—she Hpecdily becameSpecie* of Good*. Ware* and Me-rcJiandit*.Imports..Dutiable, entered for consumption Puiable. warehotteedV alue. .....$1,365,342 727,©TS , 670.611 5,300...;.#s:7«.«39107,1101•m ••*#*M:..The. President's Message has merely distracted,and not enlightened, Congress and the country. to take place shortly. . ,. . ."The announcement that he has the power and wilt execute the Fugitive Slave Law in the 'Kotth, bat 1ms no power to execute the laws inTHhie New-MexicanParker's train arrived in Santa Fe en the 12th ult., h/Ope* for the best, and try t<> be cairn. Should , loaded with dry goods and groceries.Mrs. C. R. Young, J. G. Day, H . Winter, Babcock. Cannon. H .the changes in the Cabinet I speak of take place, confidence will be restored, aud trade and com- merce will revive at once, and hr.ndreds return to employment who are now idle on account ofThe contractor on this route contemplate running this mail via Fort "Wise on the 1st of February, arui the establishment of a mail rot'.te from that point to Denver City.A gentleman arrived here yesterday from Fort Scott who *ttes that all is quiet, and that Montgomery hsNKW-YOKK, Bee. ". 1860. R> C. HAKCSI KSQ., ItKf-isTEK—Sir-: W e desire to inform y o uthis politicians' panic-Tot:*A*#oei»te<IPnrtw.uijrLtandday andcan (supplyUO.OoOcaUona ofwaterperiour, 81:d rehpei-Unity tender I ho aee of the »auw to your department forextinguishing tires durius.the prottent emergency.-~Vour;->, resi-cctlully. HOLLEItS, HOGG &. MAKTKNS.jaeger. Jas. M. McDougall, Goorgo llowley, Master Gurney. *''•'-''NIL DESPERANDCM.Mr. JphnD. McCreary of No. 333 Stanton street, has alsoafcteanieugbewithsuctionpipeallthetiniuiircd up,whichheplacedattheserviceoftheBoard.WAMILVCTON,Friday,Dec.7,1S60.Sto«m*>Hr>Asia,loii,Lttffposl Nov.24,andQucentfowaAlexandria this morning. raght.Thi.emv' wilnl >bme fno^rxwxamrrd-end^ t»o«_-Thc Secession Movement.[SOUTH .CAROLlXA.gCuAnmsTos', Friday, Dec. 7, 1860.. A bill was submitted on Thursday, in the Legisla- ture,providingholidaystoheobservedthereafterin the State, on June 28, the anniversary of the battle ofLion mortgaged fat acres to pay a cunning Milaneseworkman for, or a Constable of Bourbon wore when, the aid of, a derrick, inserted in their places. At 10£ by the city in reference to the Croton, is the building—C. N . Temann, Superintendent of the New-Havein •* *' and Northampton Bailroad; Capt. J . L . LewMtofOoo- eva,A.K.StockwellofMIPS.; E. A. TonngofCaa#*' ada, and.J. M. and R. O. Chambers of Ga.V**iatt**^^the opera folks.man leave the gay and festive scene, the halls of daz- zling light, and cease to strike the light guitar, than a combination steps in to take his place. This is sensi- ble. If the fury of high salaries abate, the opera mayjcg along. But-so long as singers expect to bo paid as much as, or more than, our President, there will be these sudden terminations to the course of true music. But let them combine and agree to take what they can attract, and the public can have music at least, though the rtnge decorations will be. Kkely to prove inferior. The new partnership gave Auber's Masaniello last nigl t. This opera was first produced in 1830. It was written according to one of the grand steps in musico- dr»malic progression, namely, to give a national temper and coloring to the scenes, and nobly has the composer succeeded. This dexterous application of means to ends, is a comparatively new resource. It was unknown to Mozart, and even to Cherubini. Boildiew, however\. made a journey to Scotland and there studied Scotch music before he produced his winning, mellifluous, and characteristic Dame Blanche. Weber's Ereisckuis contains a popular German ele- ment.—a new thing in Germany then; but Weberwas a German. Auber, however, went abroad for the na- tional music of the scenes of Masamdlo. The barca- roles, tarantules, and general coloring are Neapolitan".The New-Mexican mail, with dateV to the 19th ult., Italian cadences, triplets, cabalettas, all figure in it.Whelplev presiding.The following counsel appeared for the State; Pros- total exports to date 4O2.C00bales. Receipts at this port to dateMall. LvoKrKNDKNCK, Mo., Friday, Dec. 7,1860.The following, person's were reported by the Sergeantof the First Precinct, for allowing tho Croton to run to after, deceased became very sick and had a spasm.; she threwSouth Carolina, leads many of his former friends anived to-day, in time to connect with the mail going Thebarcaroles have never been equaled in popularity. -east this mori)ing. ' T h e mail w a s detained b v veryto fear that "he will betray the country into the deepfcnowand excessively cold Aveather. The Keowa They have followed the British drum round the world.herself out on the be<J, ond appeared to bo, stiff andjerking; her waste on Wednesday night: Each of them was fined body was then straight, but all the timo In motion; tho Doctor- iands of the secessionists. In high places, andIiidiftne stopred the mail at McKnce's Creek, and kept In this latitude,, where free spoe.ch is the safety-valve§10. ' .;•:•/; '-.' I'urdy&.Nichols,No.42Beaverstruct; IludolpbfcHoningi?s, No. :;ii Cc-diirStreet; Manhattan Oii 'Works, No. 16 Broadway;told \\•itniws to loosen her clothes and bathe her stomach; he triedtop'orr.something inherimouth; Mrs.Coledied aboutan hour after tho Doctor gave the medicine; ho had gone asvay at the tlm<»- ... • • '.'Mrs. Catharine Cole tefitiGid (hat she wa« ut 86lomon Cole's house (he day hit; v/U'e died; but was not present at the time of decease; Mrs. "Colo complained of a burning in the 3tomach, andirons confidential MWiree*, rumor has given re- them half a day. Their object, they said, was to make against revolutions, it is difficult to estimate the effect ofsports about the President's mind—his white hairs may have turned to feaihors.On Monday, it is hope 1 and believed that mat- t ters will take a favorable turn. W e look for andMasaruello upon the imagination of thor revbliiiionarypeace; and they could wipe out the party, but did not Jeel so disposeo..parly of Paris, kept down by the roytd ordinances of sequentlv they are anxious for peace. The campaign Charles X. It is singula]'that the stage censor did notin the yai d of No. 8 State street; J. Poney, No*flt>Cedar street;rastiLeutb fi'No. 15,46, und 52 Brotd tttreet; llownLng'M Imse-xucut, /No. 3 Kroad utvect; Glen, Turner t.X/'o., No. 152 Pearlstreet;-(no name to the place) No. 2 Willia»> street; TremonthouKe, No. 20Srate Htrct-tj Fountain &. Churchill, No. 85 Pine ' witness a&bisted to rubhev. street; Oukley k fcendant, N o . 56 I'inc ntfeet-; Barclay & Living-The Indians are almost in a starving condition, con-ogainht t"lje Nuvajoes has proved very successful, and they are still prosecuting it with energy.anticipate the inflammatory nature of a drama which is a &uccc£8.k-u of plots, set forth with the charms of mu- sic and dramatic action, and narrating the remarkable career of a hero, who ur.set tho Bomha of his time, and put hie court and army to flight. The audience did " take heed " and ''whisper low," and finally and very soon drove om Charles X. and talked loudly tbeni No French opera has enjoyed equal popularity with Maaa- n'lth'o in an English dress. It was an oldpiece dc resist- ance at the Park, execrably as it was put upon thestage.Hton, Ko. 24.Beaver Htie»>t; Louis Arnold, N o . 36 Liberty htreot; Thomas Ward, No. 32 Liberty street.The follow ing letter has been received by Mr. Hance:THUKSnA Y'S rROCEKDI.VGS.I«aac Cole deposed that, he is a resident of Monta-I J I ^ . W U «>a/brother of Solomon Cole; he knew de-not to be found.Other news unimportant.Total;JLater front ©envcr City. FOKTKEARNEY,Friday,Dec.7,i860.••Arrived.the White House thi* morning. The President was parked here this morning. Hinckley's Expressaddifc*-<*i by Judge Aavoeafe Stuart; and cordially re- dissociated from the scene. The action'is iucesaant-r- Issued the following notice: ..to-tt-11theDoctorlohunyasSOOria«thecould;thatastioouoaihe- sijM'iiledKhipsHenry.John'Blight,andLncyThoto?i«on.boundmessenger has $16,00:) in treasured Charley Hani-: tl e work done by crowds, aud them out of doors. In uporiced to the LYM-H sentintents enunciated. H e said son,.a raloon keeper,. shot James Hill dead on the 3dMwasthefirsttinehehadhadtbegrutinVationofsee- inKt^andfled.U'heweatherf«>rtwoday»hasbeen thefirbtactthereisbutasinglecavatinasungbyMme.%vrua out.of one convlib-ion she treat into another. 'James M. Chapman of J«; .^ey City depoeed that h* is cormected" with the Knickerbocker Life Insurance Company'; a man Intro-ducing hiinwlfus Dr. Wickham applied to uluo-to offoct» polioyin; the Onv.-ajd, and" Kertch,o, towing out; Dec. 6, pawed steam* sftip Afi ion.StciiRjphip Nashville, Murray, Charleston, mdsc. and pasrf. Ut Spofioid, 'J'ilfston it Co.ffl'•gototheJuryto-morrowafternoon."-'\:;...;':,'.;'.: ' m "• :':':'. Conviction fbr Tttnrsier. -\'.;TcKterday morninpr a fire, the result of spontaaeoaacombustion, occurred in the kerosene oil factory ofP.1 McCreery, No.333Stantonstreet,oorosrofAmongthepersonswhotakeinterestandpridein vritneeeing an opera as well put upon the stage hero as in Paris, and who consider the laborer as worthy of his hire, the sudden withdrawal of Mr.Ullman from the Academy, owing to inadequate public patronage, is a cause for regret. T o adopt a tropical style of rhetoric: Like the sun setting, say in August, and executing gorgeoue orders in upholstery among the gilded and chromatic clouds, Mr. Ullman retired, while shedding operatic radiance ovor La Juirc—adorning the least and the greatest person on the scene—putting even the silent supernumerary in armor rich as ever a Ccour daOurreporterat12£a. m.,hasjust returned—MajorJ.T.SpragueoftheTTnitodStatesATHIT; Jameu Nicoll.Of Quebec, Simon Stevens of lAnoaater,vaultingintotbesaddle,toomercurialtoneedastirrup. A great truth had come over the Academy: more than two years since it was discovered that gilt pasteboard for the table-service in scenes of regal magnificence looked like giltpasteboard,andtomakelordsandladiesuseitwas asnaturalasputtingpaperfly-boxesorchildren'ssoldier- caps before the Company for thepurpose; accordinglya metal gilt service, fit for a palace, was provided, and banquet Scenes looked thenceforward a t t h e Academy as they ought, and not as a burlesque, in compliance with the thick-headed traditions of the stage. At the same time the same brush was applied to the large can- delebra fitted to" the feast. In a ball-scene, too, re- quiring chandeliers and other matters, the pasteboardo'clock last night the gate was.raised at the Upper reser- voir, and wafer was sooncoursingthrough the westerly main. An hour later, and the gurgling of water in the other Wat heard. An unusual head of water has accu- mulated since the accident—in fact, the upper reservoir iswithinthreeinchesofbeing/full—andthesupply waterwilhprobablybeplentifulinashorttimeinall parte of the city.The following account had been previously prepared:The Fifth avenue Croton mains were reached early yesterday morning. About half the length of a nine- feet section in each pipe was found to be broken, and irregular pieces several inches in width had been forced Out from the eides of the pipeslying nearest each other.vThe supposition is, that a small leakage began from one of tho pipes, and that the foundations upon which they rested becoming softened, the pipes gave way from the pressure above. T h e comments of a' morning paper that the avenue at this point had been " filled up with a crushing quantity of rocks," was not based on correct information. The new filling was of the proper contracted materials. The pipes are supported by masonry, a pier of which is placed under each joint, making them a little more than eight feet apart. The piers -measure one by one andtoward the base. The foundation upon which these and in the United States Navy-Yard in Brooklyn. -No difficulties—politicalaway from the theaters.IO'B is jammed; Laura Keene's is stuffed,-and the Winter Garden efflorescent with multitudes to see Richdiev. Why should the Rose of Sharon at J»"^jn„ place ceaee then to' draw ? • Does M. F ^ v y fail to reach the popular ear, and failing to do that, no mate-$3,005,362 14 1,711,067 96$1,290,6<V "'or pecuniary—keep the public Wallack's is crowded; Nih-"Tfce Croton Board are c o l o r i n g the proprietv of laying new pip** n e x t Spring, at a proper depth, as itD^C. 1, I860 ..: Do. in 1859.In creat-e in 1860«i......• •••• •••> * • • • • * •at the joints, and are divided off into sections 12 feet NEW-ORLEANS, Friday, Dec. 7, 1860. rial magnificence supplies the place of immaterial long, 1inch thick-, with 3feet interior diameter.TEXAS.about" the provinces "(a Cock-lynof these cities are very considerable.Aqueduct in Brooklyn receives its eupplies from outlets of several ponds and springs, that are intercepted on their way to the Atlantic. . The largest of these ponds is known as Cornell's Pond, and covers an area of 37none here) the better.cotton, to import in turn fabricated works which we ourselves have not the skill to make, does riot make a metropolis: that title is due to supremacy in taste, edu- cation, and well-directed liberality; in halls of science, properly «ustained; in art-foundations duly understood.—The theory that a half a loaf is better than none, especially when the Winter winds howl, is adopted byAssaying gold and exportingTRIAL/;•.•'. I MURDER OF MRS.. COLE.The trial of D r . David D . Wickham for the murderof Mrs. Helena T . Cole, by poisoning, at Montague,Accordingly, no sooner does Mr. Ull-less than last year, 127.000 bales; do. at oil Southern porta leser than last year, 2-13.000 bslef. Stock, 386.000 bales.SCGAK buoyniit at 4?5).r>£c. for fair to fully fair. Mot*A»iHB8 181& oner:JohnJL.inn,TbomasJ.Lvon^AndrewJ.Rogers, ?0c. COVFKKqtriet;salesofthewwk,4.550bags.^.Imr»orts foeMASANI-ARTESIANWELLS, &>C.Omc:*CHIEF EMGINHER FIRK BEPAnTiiHW, I New-Y ori, Dec. 7. I860. Jlar?/.e crowd, in^luuii»g tb« Lxecutiv»jOliicersand their pleted last week and two more were commenced. and choruses, but no superior dramatic solo—though a durii g the contimtance of the dlllicuity. JOHN BECKER. 12, 1B68, and the application for the insurance of the life'of /lr><. Ship Kilt/Simpson.Hepburn, Liverpool Nov. ?. mdtel to L . B. Simpson. Been 20 days W . of the Banks, with heavy W iof inaurnnco upon. the. Sfo of Btr* flelcnu T. Cole: he gave theperi'-d of the Ke'volution many of thf. s<ildiors were but of? stonn. Building in Denver City is still being Subsequently there are ultra popular fishermen's songs thenj about their pre'ruineH with tiieir keys, i.i order that npoedy eiun, ami u private report of Solomoii West fall to the ifmurance which heavy gales: Nov. 24. fn agalo from N. F,., shifted cargo,J»g *ofull a corps in Condi eatal uniform. During the warm ana the snow is gone, but there are indicationspoorly thui, and without iltui distinctive costome. A pnshid ahead. Four large brick houses were com- •iccedB n ny he obtained lo the vnriouo hull liuw in ca«o of fire company, «r«re sent, by JV, W . to witness, in a letter dated * >ct. and done considerable damage.'2adiet*, were jpresentil . . .The editorial in' Tkr IntkUi$encer thig monsing rec-cniij.end^ a CoMvenrfm of the slavehdlding Suites for the purpose of mutual consultation ia res->ect alike to the dangers believed to he impending, ami the remedy 6eeiu€>d most adequate to avert them. It is said to be• indicative of a plan now matutiag here to effect this The'Prewdent to-day explicitly expressed his detor-Mthw'»'U to send no more troops to the forts near ' Charleston, ar.d eaid everything wonld Ur done on his parttesvoidacollision. MajorAlexander-m*c;ide noreitae** for KOBfowement*; and it is represented that thebest offeeling exists between thegarri«on atJPort Moultrie and tie ciize? s of Charleston.A* an expedient for raising ftmdK to rne-t tue present wai.te of tlV I r*asnry, a member of the Commutcc ofromance and duct are of the highest class. This duet I n Jersey City yesterday, Chief Engineer French Cole accompHliipd it. [Th«i letters were shown, und the hai:d- gales., • •,•Wavb arid Means baa wu^est^i that Mnmediate pay-ment of duties on-merchssdjite now io the public ware- persona for being engaged in the late murders. No re-mo'teni which waa mudv on tho Kith of May, l«5» ) The Stomachdifficulttoimagine. Itwillnotboaneasyniatterfor audintutilitieswerefoundtoboextensivelyinflamed;thocauto Sheiwocd&.Co. •>• '• ••. .,I .•;..•-From Albany.ALBANY , Friday, Dec. 7.Th* State Canvassers met atj the Statu House to-day-fortenorandbass,sungbyStigelli and Formes,drewdown an encore. Its construction is dramatic, and thewritingof J)r. Wickham waKackni»wl.idgodL)Dr. John Schimmell deposed that he was called upon to exam-Ship Wm. Chamborlain, Knapp, Liveprool Oct. 11. mdse. t » Chsnberlain, Thelps &. Co.but did*nothing, owing to the absence of the returns gether is irresistible to the auditory. It is cut down frcm Orange County.arrived, Hhe WUKclear of convulsions, but had notrie pain in tho supj ly of water shall bo restored. head of.d was hick nt the Htomsch: witniMH concluded thsittheMayorWoodyjudgingfromhislettertoiheSuperin- Causeoftheillne»«washidiwstiou;hecalledtluvnoxtday toward evening, and fiinnd that deceased bad been coufiued;^ tlie patient appeared a>i well as could bo expected; witneoa was'callod tendent of Police, as'well tis his Thanksgiving proc- again to seo Mia. Colo on March 20. 185<>, «md when ho arrivedController Denniston had telegraphed to Goshen for the fi^uies, and it L>expected that they will he brought up to-day.A lew loaded canal boats are still forcing their way down between Schenectady and Troy.from the original, where sixths take the place of thhds in the repetition, but with extenuated effect. .Although the music of this opera is thirty years did, it is as fresh as if WJittcn yesterday, and anticipates much that is considerednewer.Themusic.giventothopantomime of Fenella is full of lovely inspirations. The actiontoBerkHohcntaurTon(Bremen),Lamko,Bremen45days,mdse. order.T h e Kantiat* Trouble*.LEAVRNWOKTH, Friday, Dec.7, 1860. overflows with the most delicate touches, and certainlySchr. Myruver. Hughes, Wilmington. N. C., 4 davs, naval *'•'•'•**• supplyofwaterbytheCrotonDepartment,"&c.ifhocouldsubnetib*>toit;h«said(hemattermightboinvesti- •tonstoMcCrokdy,Mott&Co.Dec-&,ofl*CapeHattefaa.snoke*Torare to hand. Advice* from Fort Scott to the 3d inst. "The Federal tmops were acting as a VOHSC romitatus tothe.United State» Marshal, and had arrested sevenScribe found in Aubcr a composer worthy of his lit-erature. •'..;'The performance last evening was very much betterthe1'uctn:\Hheknewthorn;liethendrew,upattt&tcinont.ofthoSchr.TVnro(Br.), Cox, Linguc,C.B 14day*,coaltojl S. W hitney & Co.* '• actf, and Mwore to* it. .[The doctor hero to^ified a* W'tb^pbst-Schr. Manluduet, Ward, Charleston 4 days, cotton to Wallace,sistancewaaoffered.Thetroopswouldmoveto'Momd thanthepublicdeserved,aftertheirneglectofLaJwive. .theresponsibilityofthisdisaster. Hiacourse'.last fticinnnprefent camototheconclusionthattheliveranathroatSchr. Esthau, Connelly, Norfolk 4 days, corn to J. G. WU- ho;ns. ..Schr.A.Barrstt.Chose,EHiabethportforBoston.Schr. C. A. Crook, Evemham, Baltunore 4 days, ooaLfcoufev be enforced. . ., It Is not prohable that the Select Committee of the JHOUM,willmeetbefore next week. Ibe opinionis yrth founded that Mors. Ifawknw andBoycearethe only two who will ask to beexcused from, serving t|*,eon. The indication* are that their request willa 0ThTSowingi«a»extractfromafettertotheHon. J o h r c . BurchT>L C . from CaJiforuw, by Tneodore D.Judah, esq..CivilKngineer, and one of the cor-.poratocs n a w in OA. CurtiH's Pacific Kmlroad bill: *T Saur FttAScisco, Sov. 9>l»oO.Belkvinu that a practical line existed for the l»acific JUxlnnd U*VO*B Central California, I determined be-'lorethev*A«*&* ofCongreMHtoe>»thevarioi* passe* of tfiorra Nevada y&^gMgSfc J;have <*ajm7«d.» route IJwoni* g " 2 £ t ^ T f e l l f aDorado County; a route via Uiiaonrfowi and Dotcn Eowak's inland, with loss of deck load, spin sails, &Ci and A. F . Edwards of Saratoga are at the Astox- House. J ton 'utTuppan liny, on the Hudson, and coyer an ag aiticlea woich lay theron, etood near a 8tOT« in wlnck Tho brig R. A. Fisher, front N.^w-Vork, with a gvueral oarao, ha*Y&, near the OM TimUe route, and uUo th« H^a-duus««ucargo ^auudojEablv.tCity on the 4th intt. .The singeis exerted theraterveS to please, ar:d the audi- Summer prevented the work on tho Fourth avenuewere not dhieaied; u« Dr. Wickham )>ad ra^zosted it.wouM be. Tho Htomach and oontontB of deceuttod wore sant t o Dr.Doreniu8oitNow-Yorkforanaly»in.Tlie ovidehcoof Drs.John A.Allen, Isaac Hunt, aud.VinooutEmmorHon; who uaHated at. the post-mortom, was al»o takou, when t)MCIKOwtuadjournedto Tuesday,-tho'SKhittitiFIRES..PlRE IN UROADWAy.BfittmovLriElectoralST. LOUIS, Friday,Dec. 7,18C0.•encerecognized'theireffortsinrepeatedplaudits.:•Itis time that the public were aroused to a better support of the opera—given, the Academy of Music and all its implements: and Mr. Ullman should again take the helm. 'Wenoticeameritorioi.": youngartist,Mr.mains'goingforward; Butforthw,theywould have been finished before now, and with their capacity to deliver a greater quantity of water than those to which the present accident has happened, this accident, in its^Si'MiJP^V^* CbMP> ftovid-mce 2days. .,.,.* ** r(iW~fhip Leoutme, of and from Bremen; harkas Cora, Monrovia45days; » Kaw," Malaga;and R. H. Gamble. PoweiL" "' " ' " 'No.-3). • • - ' . ' .. , . Jane. '. . aloop-of-war f^i- tho Gulf of Mexico- faee- anchored at Quarantine. *>*v*^w«^-WlitD~5untet,\V.N.W. ' ' -••fV^';- »i«aator*r Ae.nL^*AC^A''Nor. *a-Thn brtantwe A. C. Murryman, of Garditer, Me., ironi Havana, in bntlast. went ashore on m d a e e * «lav ufternM'A on St. H« se Iskjnd Sh« Boa weRnP «u the beaohv M aud to all appearance not daiuaged; still, there are d^abU of her.The Electoral College of thin State metat Jefferson City yesterday, and cast the voto of the State for DouglasandJohnson. _.'TeIegT»I>» CoJWfe*'. NI:WK)KI.EANS, Friday, Deo. 7, I860.jeilectsonthecity,wouldscarcelyhavebeennoticed; Thomas, has taken the leaden-hip of the orchostra & A brief statement in regard to the wator resourcea.ofA telegraph cable was successfully laid across the baton. iiv«;rat Vick^burg, to-day.•': •"'',•.' over the surface of that uneven and elevated country,%m some twenty Small lakes, which comprise the vrero lidliiic^l, andthe doora broken in, when a chair getting <fi, us she is iiujd.e «f two r«er« whole thow U only 4 t » « WmarineJTMaawter.--The Hops. L. TrambulJ of.Illinois and A. H. Shor-sources of the Croton. These lakes are from twenty WUK: found to be on lire in the premises of E. iStilt-feetofwaterathigh.tkhuSheht»haen%txfc>w»dofhermat^ * riab>. . •..'•; ,- \> 'i~*-Vyw-Ov I.KAss, Friday, Dec. 7, 186U. The sihootier M. Pette has'arrived here from Pnr.cerillofNeW-York, Thomas Pethcric of Pennsylvania, to twenty .-Dye miles distant from the mouth of the Cro- iniK hor, shin-boHom ioanuiact,urer, third iloor. 'Tho cliairi io«rethir with a coat, und nom'6 biborST. THOMAS, NOV, 20—Thedwna«ed car«o of harkdu Nahwo. previou.lv reportad on tim, has. hceu sold, and hrougJit *2d,M0cCollege.duringthetwolai-.tperformances.* Occasionsmakethe thecityissubjoined:man; he shows that he can hold a graceful and firm A vast number of springs in Putnam County, flowingUntitled DocumentT H EM A Y O R ' SL E T T E RfoiiowF: . •'•'• -.:. x ; 'W&MMmi* ^/*n*+*? -&mW A T E K KESOURCESOfKew-Yorir,-BrooklynandJerseyCity.flamed.None was discovered, and the new sections were, byetc., came over during the day. In view of the de- mand, the Commissioners directed the pumps at Ridge- wood to be worked constantlyT.Soas to have a sufficient quantity in the Reservoir to supply not only tho wants of Brooklyn but of New-York, or as much as may he required. It is estimated that ten milliona gallons, daily, can be supplied from the Ridgewood Reservoir, in addition to that whipb wjll so.£')Ij the wantsof Brooklyn under ordinary circumstances. Permits were not required yesterday, and all who wanted water could get it. Two men were stationed at. tho Fulton Ferry, and one at each of the other ferries, to facilitate persons m obtaining water. This course will be continued as long as necessity demands it.ill. and went into epa*mB. "Wick^'uk and her hunband were called in, Hhe uttering arCana. and the ipaams continuing until che died: that the do-e wfrieh 8 n e tiok at that time was p«>i-,ou: thut th« medicine to administered wan raised and administered by prisoner; (hat the tmtimotty addncod would he that of the nehihbortrjgphyeioian and neigh*>or.«; that Dr. Wicklnjai hl'l'ieod, ».ol.e to enter into an arrongement for the insurance of his wife's life to the amount of $4,000, and thfff the annual premium of £80 was. paid in quarterly paymentd bv the doctor.The first witness called was Mrs. Susan Hornbeck, who, being sworn, tentified—I reside in Montagueyand know Solomon Cole; was. acquainted with his wife; hcrmi-iden name v^as Helena T. Quick; she taught school about rix months in the neighborhood before her nwmiize; was at her house after her confinement on Sunday, tho 20th of March, about 11 o'clock in the morning, aud remained until about 3 p. m .; saw Dr. Wickham there about noon; Mm. Cole wile sitting up in bcu, and'talked lively; the Doctor wont intoMrt«. Colc'broom, when witneas.and tho others loft; wituobH returned to the room in about 15mintitcs. and tho Doctor said Mm Cole was doing remarkably well, and if the medicine oper- ated that he was mixing, uhe would be out of dan^r; the Doctor said the medicine he was mixinp; WM rhubarb and-picra: shortlyFree, (iexensive of specie aud bullion• Specie and bullion,.,...»...........'......,»:.that w e have-at- our refinery, corner of Ccrlaer's and Water-the 13th of March, 185'J, and saw Mrs. Cole sitting hiher bed; decca*:,.'& said her head hurt hor ROUI««; whness went thereagainthenext'Sabbath, about ISa.m.;deceased wasas well ah could-be expected; >uiw Dr. Wickham there about 11 o'clockthatday:utdinnertiaiethemotliarofwituer.acameatid told the doctor that lie was wautod, w'aou he Had others went intoth«-roomwhereMrs. Co!«was;shortlyafter,wttnewwas requested to po for Dr. Schimmell b y Solomon; previous to ^oin? hepawthatMra.Colowesintneat distress;uhejerkedand tvvitr:lied; when h e fetumed she.waa dead.Judge Boyle and lady, E . Lafo'ircade, llcbost, Sellars, S. W .Mystrom, S. W . Phoenix. J. .Whitney, S, H. Pea»w. Black,lVnn Lewis, 'Scliaeffer- Jas. B. Connor, Barmoux, I. ,M. Max-r^la.Mrs.F.Duhring, C. H. Thornton,McGrath.Johnson, C ineronimous, George OiOncros*, Bernard. MJUw H. Hill. Jat. M'Culloch,R. Rolflfe; Henry Peters, A. Meyers,Wm.Ja?ger,streets, a -well of i-ixte>'ii feet diameter. W e' keep HIearn on :STOWAGE OP .iflSS CROTON WATEK.—It i» partiaulary re- ^ucMed by the CrnVf Eujijineer that merchnnts-or other* havingShip-Seth Sprague. Gillesr-ie, Rotterdam 33 days^tndiie. and 8 Fahbii, which was loudly and' deservedly: applauded. cierlif, porters, or private watahtftefi ii» thei.* employ, to Htation Doctor some hJanka; the certificate of Dr.. WicJcham ai a physi- pss*-. to J. A<klt»- & Co. Had a fine pa**ng<j to the B'i'»k-«; since:Eigbtyrpixth street—a distance of 38 miles. I t is cal-culated that theaqueduct willconvey60,000,000gallo!«sin 24 hours. The velocity of the water has.been ascer-tainedtobenearbyoneandahalfmilesperhour.TheN«rrth-Wei'tem WUli«mfbnrph City.'^^i^^iBi^ti^^^^^^^k wasaiorfow fire, -TT^^^e^U-^i: comihonparity of%^0^^^0^^^S^^^^^, an4w»srtdbot. Tne'^lreMarshal'warvoir on tho Croton to Vthe receiving reservoir at Am«»Ti<*»iT>3*2,wr Commonwealth2.000 Monkauk, Brooklyn.....2,000*•.. •«•*,.*....... .»<(»>.#•«•.»;IvOSOVreceiving reservoir in the Central Park occupies thefrom the scene of the Croton accident.. Our city area between Seventy-ninth and Eighty-sixth streets, Pa., G. Starbuck of Nantucket, S. Glencross of Shef-readers will probably have anticipated the statement,,from a wonted flow in thefaucets this morning, that and between Sixth and Seventh avenues,comprising35acres. I t has a capacity of 156,000,000 gallons. T h e the Croton is on. The pipes were reached by the cost of the work, exclusive of the pipes in the cityfield, Eng., and 2b Birdsall of Albany, are at_ the S t Nicholas Hotel, I y; . , • :..;-.;.',-•',= '"•'.—J. T . Karcy, the horfle-tanier, from England, E . P. Powers of England, C. T . Phillips and J . T . Moota of Vircinia, Homer Pam»dell of Kew-Tork, Tl ITye of New-York, and F . Marqnand of Connecticut are at the Fifth-Avenue Hotel..vorkmen between 3 and 4 o'clock yesterday morning. They were broken up and taken out, and a sufficient space cleared away to put in the two new sections in the course of a few.hours. A t 4 o'clock in the after- noon, four men were sent into the.pipes ..a dis- tance of Some 400 feet each way to ascertain if the pipes had received any other damage.below the distributing reservoir, was about $9,000,030.The placing of the great 7£-foot main over the High Bridge, the completion of the new receiving reservoir, which will be 160 acres in extent, and of a aipacity of 1,029,880,145 gallons, audthe layingof the Fourth ave-nue'mains, will place our Cioton supply on altogether a new basis. The next great work to be undertakenofbasinstoretainsuppliesneartheCrotonLaketobe MetropolitanHotel. ' .•''"••^ sMv--:^^/'«^•/. * n 9Vtr researches for the historical-items of the intro- duction of water into the city, w e find from a document sent to the Common Council in 1833, many interesting facts the realization'of which is brought to our special attention by the accident to the Croton on Wednesday.«or or $3,000 up the old ones. The pipes are of cast-iron, with in- located, and minutely describes many of the MvCl)a thB-t amount, a i«well the large aggregaterest being alternate rock and swamp, it will be se9n that disasters like the present are not .unlikely to occur at any time.' Tolh* received from the opening of na^ngatiqn tois tnought that it would prove a losing operation to diglast.geological.structure of the island on which the city isSincethe1st.of DecemberperW"|T*' bave been paid, which vrV *sertions similar to a stove-pipe, being soldered togetherthat then furnished our people with water. Of thisnumber there remains in use, at the present time, one[Albany Evening Journal. Market!*.... Reported by Tef/'trraph.PHJT.Ar>Kr,PHiJ», Dec. 7.—Fromt steady. WD»AT quiot; «J«Aand by resort to basements a stinted supply was ob- tained for domestic purposes. The printing offices and manufactories employing steam power, sent to Brook-which the Croton has brought.to which we have referred, was constructed by Mr. Disbrow..8,000 bales, and receipts 4.800 bale*. " „ CINCINNATI.r D e c 7.—Fr.orn u n c h a n ^ and in moderate &9~ mand at !?4 2. ^64 30. .WnisKY dull ot 14c. Hor« dull andholders are willing sellers at $ 5 25, but bnyers holding otf: no sales* at tlw clct>o over S»-">. RKCKIITS to day 4,000 beads. Mass PORK, 8=14. I.Ann at 9®0^c. GKWKN MEAT» nominal. MOWKT strinfrcnt. SJGUT EXCHANGE on New-Y ork firm at i & oeat preminm.MoBitK. Dec. 6.—COTTON: sales of 3,000 h*u>n. at 9\e. for Mid- dling. Sales of the week. 15.500 bales. Receipts for the same time 19,000 bales, apalnst 31.000 bahwt in the corresponding weok in last year; decreaFe of receipts, 69.500 bales. Exports, 1S.0W bides. Stock in port, 141,000 bales. EXCHANGE on Now-York, J'Si 3p cent discount.NKW-OKLKANS, DOC. 7.—COTTON—Sales to-dav 5,500 balos. The market closed depressed owing to an unfavorable turn in theacres.N. J.,,March 20,1859, -was commenced in the Sussex rates of Exchange. W e quote Middling at 9fcc. The sales of theand JerseyT h eThe capacity of the reservoir is 170,000,000 gal-City for supplies.waterT h e Ridge woodlons, and the supply brought from the Aqueductamounts to about 20,000,000 gallons daily, but can beincreased. Jersey City is supplied with excellentCounty Court on Wednesday last, his Honor Judgeweek foot up 40.000 bales; and the receipts for the same time, R0.J5O0bales, against 71,500'bales for the dorrosporidlng we*k hi lust year. The Exports of the week-sum np 61,500 bales, aud theecutor W. S. Johnson, ana Robert Hamilton, assisted on Bergen Bill, two miles from Jersey city, has a by Attorney-General Wm. L. Dayton. For the pris-capacity of .45,000,000 gallons, with a delivery at the present time of about 2,000,000 gallons daily.The Water Commissioners of Brooklyn have affordedevery facility in their power the past two days, in the trial of Solomon Cole, husband of deceased^, wh<> wasthe week, 9.500 bag«. Stock. 39.000 bags, against 65.000 bags last vear. STEKT.ING ExcnANGK, 95te98. SrOHT EXCRANGK « a jS'ew-York, J®lj %> cent discount. FKKIGHTS—Cotton to Liver- pool, id."This communication sets forth, in cxtenso, theOF DR.WICKHAMFOR THELevi Shepherd, and Chauncey Shaffer.The Prosecutor-, Mr. Johnson, opened the case, anddeveloped at the Coroner's inquest, and the subsequentCHICAGO, D*»c. 7.—Fix)m dull. WuBaTdnll at l"S>2o. lower? sales of 17.000 bush., at 69^00- for No. I. aud 66&flPa for No, t, >,.'. in store. CORN qnf«t« «sb^» of 6,000 bush., at 26JC. in store. OAT-;firm; sules of 25,000 bnsb., at 17^. RKCEIPTS; 2.500 bW «. Flour. 22.000 bush. Wheat, 6.000 bush. Com. EXCKANOSor* New-Y ork scare* and nominal a» S'WtO ^ cent prominm.This well, like thosof Margin.By obtaining water from the river, cTotal Exports.Mcrciandiw withdrawnft-o'mwareh'e for consnmp'n. 474.5*1EROWN - At Waterford, N. Y., on Thursday. Dec. 6,at o'clock p. m.. of a xhort but severe illneaa, Benjaruin C. Brosrnv only son of the tare Constant LT. Brown, esq., of this city, aged! ro years, 7nrj.'nthsand 20days.Hi- remains will b«*brought »*» this city fir interment in Green- woqd C*m««ry this morning. Toefriwid-*of thofacnilvare respectfully rrqnestod to join the proce««ion at the South Ferry, at 10 o'clock, without further invitation...Paiwengeiw ArrivedTnstratnship Acta, from Liverpool and Qiieen3tovon~-fttr. and Mrs. Ttivlor,M.*sBr.hcock,Miss Carroll,Mr.and Mrs.Wing, Mrs. Cohen and chiW, Miss Dtthring, Mrs. IT. Duhring, Mrs. C. Duhiihg,Miss JaneC.Gray.Mrs.Henryandtwochildren.Mhw Henry and sister. Mr. and Mre. H. Leww. two children, aud ser- vant,>Ir. and Mrs. Renshnw, Dr. C. do Leon. Mr. Rarey, G. Mahon.J. Sowitz, Barnowell, T>. Douglas, Wilkin*. Mr. and Mrs. Mcrscrcaii, O. W. Jfoslyn, V. M. Moore. C.Todd, J. D. Schuyler, CoL Jas.Chambers and son, Mr.Merrill, F. P. Ueary. Mixs Anderson: Miv-s I.ees, J. T. Dngan; Noedlc. Ferrios, E. C. Lord, John Mcilliss, Lient. Aldfield, J. G. Doubledny, Albert Moltenk JuuiOk. A. Connor, Mr. and Mrs. Lo Meseurier, Mr. andceaeedi Solomon's wife, about two years before herdeath; witness was at his brother's house on Sunday, B. Eenners, John F. Lord, J. T. Dlovers. Caldwell, Graham,caufced engines Not?. 2, 4, and 5 to be aont to this crty^together with a large quantity of hose for use in the so in the })re*.ence of ho- husband; on March 13, 18Jl>, witaes* & Beincken. < \ever-popular use of thirds, where the voices come to- lower pa rt of the city in case of a serious Are, nntil tho was cailed to see Mr*. Cole! and was told nhe had fits; when h*BoikEhiniaCusliing (of WIscasflOt), Dixon, Smyrm Sent 3ft, frnit to Yates, Porturifield 4t Co. Has experienced very heavy weather. , "ine Mrs. Colo, foi'the KDickerbbcltor Life Inuunmco Go.; he didSI ip Wnj. Tell/ Funk, Havre Oct. 29, udao. and pan*, to Boy4Briglnnlsfail (Br., of Dublin), Gn?{jg, Ardrcstan 36days, pie lamation, would appear to be getting a little beside rhe wad dead paw no cause of her death, and expre-uotftourpri*};' iron to Cmikshank & *o</rman.Solomon Cole culled upon wiUiota to go to Now ton, aud himself. His letter to Mr. Kennedy cornrnences with there ho wai introduced to Dr. Wickham ; , thi»thesingularassertion,"thewithdrawalofthousual vftxeabouttheflthofApril, 1059; Dr.W.showeda rtetement of the CUtt.o of MM. Cole'a noath, and anked WitneiviBrie Sehnah tl'.r.), Cro<v«, Maitland, N . S „ 15 days, plaster t a A. Smithera AtBrigEdward;Hodgdon.New-Haven3days.How the brealiing of a pipe25 feet under,groundcould gated : v.ithesH told him lie should make a simple atatquJOUt of schr. Murine, kt-uce for Wilmington.be considered the action of the Croton Department it ishis Honor to shirt upon other shoulders than liia own of death could not be accounted for; wituos* uid the otliorpliy-unuwial ligbt boing aeeu Jrom the street, Home firemen•investigate. ,vFIRK IK STAKTOH STttEKT.r ,Coeds, Wares and Merchandise, entered during the month o f November. 1U60:Expo_. Total imporfs....•t*lt.<)t|4»,k .. TrtH. .Dome8(ic nterchar'dls«r. .Foreign Merchandise, dutiable Foreign Merchandise, f r e e . . . . Specwaud Bullion.. . . . * 1,255,235154.780:*K< ! .'L/; W-li^ii^MMi^^iMwww.fultonhistory.comThomas M. Tryniski 309 South 4th Street Fulton New York 13069W*., ppMSHSMS|m> *Mtl<'lM.WMM• V'.;Irftn'if.. * .;.»#. •t*V-"-.rf, "••••--"*•"••••*•-' — -•