 2NEW YOBaJj HBKALD. FRIDAY, AUGUST 3, lgfjp. ..._ _... .——av-lacgasooeChristiaalohabilaat,somatter»*** ColorOfM, - inanyjeopardy. That» parity thecasemthepresentuauct,oner,the« «<*to-•sponrMfntsters,hevebaa*aMoOpnervsapisutj*u*tly*asjmaKttloectedthatpatienceisexhautted.and LordJohnRusatdlisnotunwiiliiigtolistentotheideathatalldiplomaticintercourse with Spain sbould cease! There must be some end or abuse bis power by controlling the action of the repre- fields,erected a school boose aad a church—ves. a d " portion of the people from another You can enhr BM* to warntogscontemned snd promises violated the .Span-1 hl>re ed to Turkey, appears to have vanished. tlliUM U the cradle of Christianity, »•» a TM * * Jthe .nreaU of U»hamaaracewalkedaadtalked!auip a r t j c u s u l y . w h e r e t h e g n—< o a n a rainray *» In**. - A new;seutat ire sgainst the * h-hes of his ccnstitueni* and of his individualconscience. Hence,inmyopinion,Iwasngttt- I c g a g r e a t e r b a t t l e i n I l l i n o i s : i n 1 8 5 8 t h a n t i e m e r e q u a s -made his own cabinet wort, too. By that time I reckon thewildboybat sawn biswtld oats pretty well,and w a s f u l l y a s c a p a b l e : > f s e l f g o v e r n m e n t a s t h e o n * t h a tserve the Union by ssssntaismc peace and a--»suj _ concordamongthepeeperofthe diflcreat tactiast. eV n e c u b e r t h a t o n e t i e a f t e r a n o t h e r h a s a s m s . « -loved, M d, mostIf wanted for a tortofl#aoderwillnot, therefore, claim much c».isideratiou at our bauds. andthiscountry;besideswhich,theaccountscon AnopportunitywasaffordedLordJohnRusselltoex-'tion wbofiraonld be Senator. (Appbsuae.) In my person stayed here and acted under father's and mother's ad- severed. This fell apsrtt at atettacal strife tawTaraZ the qumtioti was submitted to tbe peepie of Illinois, whe- vice. And what more? Xcry likely that young fellow, tbe holy sanctuary, and separator: tn* cburches 1(span, theHellespont—» stepDenioo-^Qd before many year* th* MTM wiaioeareermf ° ° •"*• *»7,thiough to Synaj wd downthevalleyoftheEaphrstes. Thenletthe DTOBMgotomordermfChristians,andtheOldManofthetherornottheirSenatorshouldbetb»meretoolofExe- afterhehadmadeahomeforhimselftatheWest,found churchesMavtb,churchesSouth. Th*fellspiritofZ* press bis eutire ©baadea.w in the intentions to the United cutive oiciatton ("They decided It right!") Yes, tody himself s little lonesome and concluded to come back and ttonalstrife has separated brethren at tbe commjB^sTaBruneioraPrince of Prussia, and the Kmgsof Sasoay, Bohemia and verj much during the reign oi Nicholas, when their ex-that platform to which James Buchanan has a right to take exception? It is the identical platform upon whichtbebateinisunderstanding,occasionedbytherefusaloftheOabinetofBerlintotolaintberemonstrancesaddressOtingre<w.ifthePresidenthasarighttotellthemf-mb»rs bowthevaretovoteJ Thereiaanendofrepresentative governmentwhenevertheExecutiveispermittedtonhewildernesshecar#*douthtsowniorttue,roa«ieWeown a manonthefrontier thatdont lovethisIt? farm,putuphisownfencesandperhapsspiltbisown nous tuioo;as4 becausew« do love theca nib. (laughterandcheers.) HerjltivatHh*sowa-. ourmottoisnever#ndoaaactthatwnuidaii—.i^JT!ThePrussianambassadoratourCourt,BaronBtsmark,w h o h a s b e e n a b s e n t o n s i c k i e a r e f o r s o m e m o u t h s , h a snow returned tn his post, and labors assiduously never dreams of app«f*fg W* * • # « intendediaad can-Thetownorthefortressat Messinacouldnotstaadthro* of politics andof theBoropeaB money market,toe JohnRussell'swelltimedcandor.Whetherhethus feels mortised or not,it would hate The republicans all thought so when they voted been well for him to have considered when be became; a for the Crittenden bifl ir the Lecomptou controversy.togtopassquietlythrough,huteveryroad**station«« ao crowded that any friends worn atoralty or* whelming me with kindness aad it was not In a y bsart to refuss to reapcud to them. 1 made no politicalI welcomed y by1 parties, and it never was in my heart to say an ssaiaj thing to those that were ttbsd to m e To-day I have emrtouooed os those political tosses sesasao your chsumaa wbo introduced u e , hjvited my special attention te them' 1 do not intend s s s gfaeral thing to enter mte the r,;l,u cal discussions of thjh year. It ts the fi.at lime is tw«a- ty seven years that I nave looked o s at a poutm*. 5/ht without taking s hand in it I a n now eojoj mg a houdsy,visitingthewsienugplaceslorth*firsttime,tat tag a little ncreatkn, and, it seetth, sneaking a IrtUe jua mr exercise. (Laughter and cheers.) But,g*atte- nwfc,I must agsin seriously, ant with profor.n': gran tude, express to yon my thanes for the manner to wnics Jim hn»e received me this day. It cerUunly a a muni Oceau « e d imposilg Semntitlraftiwt--one that I tte. that 1 have a right to be proud of, and toe that ref ru. ci»ia and honor upon you who ban got it up I dj not accept it as a personal tributetomyaelf 1better*,andmar rejoice ia the belie!, that it is intended as a forcible oua m-r of expressing your devotion to those great po; neat principles with which my public life a ilmtiam. (!>ngand prolonged sppiause )The speech of Judge Douglas occupied an hoar as* ten ittniitos. At its rocelus.on, he was < nit u*Hay* if Garibaldi, with a battery of ndossa guns s a l mortars, were once in a position ou Urn b*ls * lh>m**niattempt to realize a foreign l°an M pretty gene- rally considered a false step, especially as the conditions were not favorable enough to attract adventurous specu-TIEPaESmENTIAlCAMPAiGS.been more walous than successful ia hbj endeavors to MR. DOUGLAS IN T H E NORTH. bad then pursued tbe same course which Mr. Buchanan ie parties. We democrats are not entitled to the exclusive(fretabovethedevotedplace. The*ooaldshellthepimj, lators. Th.planofanewgovernmentbank,undertheo f spopular sovereignty cardinal plank in Krery Democrat hasAt haples everything remains at *ixe* aad sevens,now pursuing—that is, using t b e power a n d patronage claim and exclusive credit o f this doctrine o f non-inter-improve the financial condition of the empire, wblth guf- cue bar aga particle of ooolldooce ua young Banna. Vi fered very seriously from the immoderste issue of paper riooareportsareafloatastothecauseofGaribaldia*ai; duringthelatewar Itmight be-thought thatthelou'which tbe democratic, party bad placed in h is bands, for vention and popular sovereignty. In 1862 it was adopted the purpose ef defeating the nominee of that party. Whatirresistibleconclusionisthatfarina,wasunderthethumj tradeoccasionedbyit,and,above all,the reductionof jot Count Cavour, and be under Louis Napoleon If tu the army, would have bad a beneficial effect, but, unfor-tunately, various circumstances have concurred tonjMt- S.c.tlans get what they are flghiiug for—a ruler ofl their tralire It. The great Karopean crisis of 1*57wil. be itttle short of • a miraci*. Several large ****'xB| reacted eventually upon us with unprece testedtoga Springs,TUk PKOPL.&T-ORKAT ftPKECB AND <Jn08»Ui W -TauaiAHM.I'Frorn the OancordJ^N. H ) Patriot.]these things at this time, nor during this canvass,but for the fact that the President of the United statesbas taken t b e stump, making public harangues, Jorthe purpose of dividing and cefesttng thi party thatelected bim President (Applause.) What arethe catethe measure, aadbecaus* their model President, rrafons assigned by tbe President for endeavoringjto Fillmore, approved the bill after Congress bad passed it. divide and break down the democratic party? He does On the other hand, I was In the habit of denying that the not assign the personal reason that he d>u't like the whites were entitled to all the credit, or to more than half nominee. But he puts it upon the ground that he don't of It, for the reason that whae I admitted that the whig like the platform udoptc l by tbe party. What is there inhave been purchased in aXglsnd, and In wariixem****<«the hero's cause looks stronger than ever. Of codTsV, (to-patience • manifested that Me**ina is not capture!, Cal*briaatuca-%1audNaples overthrown; butibese op«rt- foreigngoods,which,ssthesuccessivebountiful harvest t cut canuot be accomflushed in a day. tu Western Europe decreased the demand for our produc-attach, there Is to b* another Ku»al Oouiereaee. this terial of the uew railroads that are now constructingt;me tbe parties are to be Vrmeis Joseph of Austria, the Thus tbe quantity of precious metals which bad increasedparty furnished the general that commanded the army,direction of tbe celebrated ttaancier, Baron SUejrMtz, meets withmuch greater approbation; but,on thewhole, Mr. Knajevitch (oor Minister of Finance) has hithertoand fire red hot shot down on the Bead*of the garriecf}, white the latter would ssfowerle** for all barm.| away Farina after he bad made him Premier in Sicily). IS years' peace we have enjoyed since then, the revival of tin Reception a n d CampaignSpeechatConcord.own choice—to the present »w>e of European adaira, it and '58. though not Immediately felt tn Russia. Speecli of 0en.lB. S. Foote at Sara-would erery democrat in America nave said; of Franklin as s plank in the whig phttferm. Clay and Webster esta- Pierceifhehadtriedtodivideanddefeathispartymeroiy blisheditinthecompromise measuresofI860. General out of mortification and chagrin at not getting the t> Pierce was nominated upon it in 1863, and elected upon it.nomination? Whatever would have beehNBald of General I remember well that in tbe contest between Pierce and Pierce in such a contingency must be true o f James Bu- Scott, in 1802, the whole controversy w a s which party chanan now. (Cheers) I sbould not haMsreferred ito was entitled to the most erelit in the adoption of thewe oemocrats furnished a majority of the soldiers thatviolence, and reduced our mercantile community tf a state of prostration from which It naa net yet recovered, the revision of the tariff caused aa enormous iaflusj ofSenator Douglas i n Concortl.la the midst of all these to « » , attack* end COuoUr time targe sums were sent out of the country for the ma- HA0MMCKNT hKCEPTION—UMKN3E GATJIIp.NO OKtions, bad to be paid for lb hard cash, while at the s»inesevers! other of the petty royal farms ot Germany. Th<|y port was forbidden, diminiahtjd so rapidly thav of the 420 At had past tea o'clock yesterday (Tuesday) morninggave the votes and passed the measures throughCongress. But it cannot be denied that both the througtr tbe crowd to a carriage and driven te banare to mettt at Topi**, a am little watering pace among millions oi roubles that mere in circulation iu IK:., it is tbe Committee of Reoeptiau, which consistedaf n»asrs. James Buchanan was elected President, and withoutV* bills of Bonemia. There Frederick William aad calculated that not above half remains ia the couutry. H P Roife (Chairman), T. P. Treadweil, O. Ufianbdrn,which be never could have been elected. There isn'thn whig and democratic party, in 1862, stood pledged quarters, tbe residence of Oliver L. Meobon. r*q , honest m an in sit America that will deny that James by the platform to this principle of non-intervention by followed by a large mass of peopte, wbo caoer«4 BuchananandJohnC.Brectinridge,in.1&66\W*reCongresswithslaverytntbeTerritoriesoftheUnited bimwiththegreatestenU/^tiasm.Thepeoplesoon pledged to the doctrine of uon intervention: by Congress States. Will any man deny the tr.itb of these alter began to assemble in tbe Oourt House yard ass1reacts Joseph will compare notes, aud each can tell the All this led to a depreciation of the pai>«r cur- i\ V. Ba-roo, J S. Abbot, Edsou Hill, J K hma, G, HotherasmuchathepleasesofimperialgossipatVilla t'-n••;.thathasbadadisaetrouaeSuciuponthe Davis,anuseveralothergentlemen,tcfttotOouoordFranca and Baden Baden. II France can get tuanc.ist situation, and to reaae'y which *r Kuajevitcii depot for Canaan, iu order to meet and escort the Ifcu.v';<ibtty, and before eight o'clock, the hour for the recap IiooattheCityHall.animm«u»ecrowdbadroVw, tilling the yard and the street 10 frost A t eirtt o'rlact Judge Douglas was conducted to the Hail, whieh was *mjammed ft.l', and tbe rrc»pt "s beceo, aad fur more thai an hour the stream o f enthusiastic mea continued te pass before h&n, shaking him hea.-tiiy by «he haul. i-nt. en had had tbe pleasure ot so doing. /vfl>-r wtaleti Mr isutoy, of tbe Boston /7««W, was called <ip«n for .1 speeca aad re ejonded hriefly, and Judge Docittsa a>o made a N i * marks. Whieh"we»e.reoerVed witto -great appAas<3While the men w^re thus honor.ug J..dgs Deugta* aasgratifying themselves, tbe reWdeuce of Hr. Sanbr.- » throngedwith ladies,whogmtliceu tberetopaytiiwr respects to Mrs Docgtas.t\ liilethese receptions were takiog place caaa a w<»» firo<! is the rear o« the Court House, and at a later penod a Cue difcK'&y of fireworkf w a s made tn front. while dar ing the whole time e.\.ee''.-i!.t nios.c wa.- disc ->ur**i o j the bano... \Sardinia aud Naples on gooo terms, seed atorgL-ajrmylol bas been exjeiUng himself so anxiously ever 6.nee h. en- Si A DooRlaa to Concord The traiu reached the appoint-with slavery in the Territories. (Cheers) I mdde facts* ('No") How then does it happen that so speechesfromthesamestandwithJohnC.iBreckinridge manyoldwhigs,somanyolddemocrats,have in 1866, when he was advocating his own claims to tbo strayed sway from the path where both parties usedtheIti-itansundertheHaMiaiauBagtoattaea\eoeUa, tendothre A»tothereductionofthearmy,though edplaceaihalf-pastoneo'clock,andtJaecare,fromthethen when all is coantoraatioo from one end of (Jpr iiuui»rica.!y of great impcr tauce, it lias not been attended BOrUiaooii arrived. The c^immittee eolurnd she car inishGovernment Iscontent toreceive fromEngland,for U r n s s p p - e s s i o n o f t k m e o m p a e t c a , p e c u n i a r y - a j d J i b i e h i tmauv la the other, the Kn-noh cohorts can march upon with a com spending reduction of ixpi-u iiture. We have Which Mr. and jtrs. [Kiuglaif were seated, and were swre Vice 1"residency, and heard bim go ta the extreme to tread in peace and harmony* Whigs and demo-tbe RhiiM wl-A goo-l proapocm lawis Naoolaoujs ptty toe artot;blegame, he seis U» small tlo*.* to qoiipre i lg wbiie be ttau.:*i by «o carry ott tl»e boae u a w s w t l - vscarcely 400,000 men under arm* n«e.«, in.M»a<t of £00,000or a mi.liou; toil tue nay of boiti offlcejs sad toldiers hasriUy introduced to the dist:nguii.hod hteuatut andhis lady.lengths in favor of popular sovereignty iu the Territorijas.luea again, f 1 recollect right, the democrats of Newliumpt-hirc held an inanaeusd mass meeting at this capital,crats were in tbe habit of quarrelling about the distribu- tion of tbe public funds and tbe specie circular; but atbeen raisei, their arias aad accoutrements have beenMr r>.ugi»s :»ft Moutpeuer, Vt., in the uiorumg. and at assembleu at the depots to do him honor. This was e<pecated fcquattci- S'tcreiguty iu [its Ivnade.-t senile. goii ; to jump off the only plank remaining in the plat- (Applause.) 1 appeal t o lb.3 audience ii t U i e facts f r e to! m merely because you ttnd m e standing on itr 1 give foreve. alter minus the necessary capita! tn cirtry o» -x .-utitine. co&ts a ciut of moo?y, the whole fleet of slon of nuaib'.T.v tor many earnest democrats were anx not true, ("1 have the spe.ches in my packet.'') That you fair notice that I never intend to abandon it, if Ifindlarge "operation " 1'lon't thl ts it would be any lo*> to sailing vessels liavirg beeu converted into screws, or tous to avaU lh*»iuselve* of ttte ypportui.ity to hear the g'-ntUman taj s he has the spotches, in h'S pboaet. They every'»'hig in America on it. (laughter and cheers.) KarspeW all tbe lltll- pelt? lung* aad grar;d UluKii ui brakes up aud replaced, by new o u .s con- able au Ieloquent' xpo> at uf«thuir pruac'.pieb. Mr ilotiir were written out by the spo-akers^fki-r they! returned? to So it aas with the American party In 1&6*. You Ameri-Ltve d >i.o*-i1 it That borne bal Wars anil spnug .' « «M gr- illy improved, and v u l sams have be»'u spent in several place* op the routofouud largs arowus o peoplehi February, \&16, p;i vioua to the nomination at Cincin- the same time they were agreed on the slavery qoeeti an.nati, a t which Howell Cobb a n d Jof-.-ph Lane a n d Non intervention w a s a plank common to both parties.James I,, urr of South Carolina, made s^fechos; and You whigs agreed to stand by that, and so did we demo- in every one of those spdouhoe jtliey advo- crats I want to know whether you, old whigs, arethree imiwruil inwigu-* « ui^jiy an.bable, but lc*atotheieveth- inberlUw of his uoc <J*s uain" a-il tatre: <rdlwin Desrwrate men, nuturtivisg tuen. toirig-iiae ?sencou:»in« men'and double .tenling mea g uera:!;., oU; toe of the' navy, which bas been pushed forward with wou lion, Franklin. Webster Place and Fishery iile. At uxve- toe man* gam-s; their dual SI»KK get» lost, and ti'i«y a Oeriut energy und*r the auspice, oi tne liraud Duke Ooa ral places in New Ilampsbue the iriiu receire4au scdesas'-ng artillery oa the ritte systemThe reorganizationclally the cast m Novthtleld, Roxbury, White R|ver janeGermany were pounded up m a tooflar, thoir estates <ou siricted here, al Archangol aad at Nlco- la* spoke his tbuuks to those wa.t.ug al ill.- dup'iU, but n**tc.:.rthepw.;4e'suse,SJiJthjlrnames,title*lto1lirlltt,orpurchasedtnFrance,Eaglaul,andAmemaiieuopoht.ioruuarkjt'.Washington, and published iu pamphlet form by jhe cans and we democrats differed about other matters, butnationaj democratic committee, a s la true l.'.positiool of agreed on nou intervention. Remember the twelfth arti-Cemocrutic principles. ("'Yes, and la the Bpstou y'onti'') cle in that celebrated American creed, ia which youA geuta ^}'an says -'in the Boston Ft*!," aad^ 1believe! in "pretermitted" tb e slavery question. "Pretermit"everyoll.tr democratic paper in 'America;that had the- was the word used. Now I want to know if Among the attractive features of theeening wist spacetot-pareforpolitcalspeeches.Inotherword-;,youarenotwillingtopretermititnow*Pre-rica, of which the General Admiral alone stood us in 'Onthe arrival of Urncars at Concord, an imraen.se something like a million of Collars. In addition to the crowd was skaitiug to walcorre bin, aad loud* were the army, theua\y, andthecivil service, iuwhirathe burrsLsastheiilubt:tv»usvanlor left thecargaiJdpro-clainwcompleu-t;ttabi^nrsstrn:butthenextquesu-uwwho '(.asa right w <:o it, aad '«• what retguiog »u\e.-a;isbou.4 thespf>uaaimih>rulebelong:- fhom-:|ltoeulinr b. taeen the .-*t n.<i the dog by natm- t ae- falar iff ff the officers have also be<»n cousiderably in ceeded td the carriage iu waiting for him. A gaiuie was liiowlTpiease»ltieiiherHttgaut. •todesecreat,'d,iuthevainhopeofputtmxaaendtopeculation,bredaatheCartenteredthelouotAprofessionfellow cituens, Istand nowwhereevery;democratin, termitting, I reckon, is about tbe same asnon America stood four yeai-s ago, advocating the right ot the interference. Let every old line whig, every democrat,linedisplayofChiue.seUtaterasb.tavnli.eClyIl*s andMr.Jsanborn'shou*?,and al-ofromthepoleinfraat of tbe Mate Hmise.itmustno*bi*forgotten that wahaveaveryexpiaaslve was formed,, precedwl by a band, in which Mr. 1have no doubt aiiairs »t the tfasi will preeiustAw atet- imperial famny to inaiutain. There U jtrjb.il' , ua couu Douplaa, Mr. fl. P. Roife and- Mr Bailey, of the Bostonpea-pie of every political couioauuity to make their ojwn lawB, to estah'Uli their own ;:i lit .tious to suit tiieiu- selves,ter* with regard to Iurkty, lor all acc-»:uu a^K-etiat lt»T..ri:sb garri-v-UK, u-te*1 of protection l't« Obris t a n s actually assisted in the merders. Tbj b;>oJ rsuslevery American, every*conservative man, rally on thisprinciple of non-interference by tbe federal governmentwith slavery in the Territories, and you will^have peaceaiid ha mony all over this hand. Remember, there hasnever been sectional ptrtfe In this country except whenthe federal government attempted to take power over thelocal and domestic institutions of tbe people. So long aseld an tree government itself. U Was the principle upon Congress has confined iu acts to those few objeci.8 speci Tbe howMg Men's EHmoontir Coavra*be sreugixl. It the i ' m r n f o f Bto«ia hts any liatni' ii I he Fniprett. Mother, the courts of tlae (.rani Dukes Convant, aao east towards the valley of tbe Euphrates imd c>f titled arid 'mtitled valets, who are pai.i baud.-.om9iy Tigris. Tbe sooner a railway and telegraoh Hue' aatI a lor doing tiotaing and all makiur expensive journeys " ,;n of forts is urtaMiabt") throwgli the district clear to ab:-oa>i every year, especially the Empress Mother, whoate dt-ojia on tousUtiUiiople, hn ma} fiud U.-g.st *es 4ud land fo.-w-s fi.-m Uv ;re»t kinj;iloBM of the W"*ttil ready to step in ai.d settle aifairs to thutr owa way attry iu tbf world where so many separate courts arc ke(d up as in Russia: we boasl of no less than eight, viz. the court o f the reigning Emperor aud Empress, tne caurt offferalJ, roue ia an open baiuucbe drawn by filar horsesXh» y were f lipwed by the member's of tbe jnomiii:-teet»nJ friends, 1:1 a iuDg sl.iag ot vehicles of evafjr descfiptii>i, aiid by Ij(ur oi rive baud - T'ae pr Hessfsn nasted princ ipl aiouR Maij st|-eet,WasbtuKto3 street. Stateatreet g o dSoonafterteno'ciKSkthec.-owubegantodisappear ui before eleven our a t ) resumed iu- u»us. q aiet r i v tnav sands who had come heie to bormr our dlstiiru.-ael gi eM had departed for tbeir h.>m<*». highly grained vita ta? proceedings oi the day aad evening.st-uttoe, Nicholas, and Hxbael, the court of the Duchea3ot Leuchteuberg, that of the Grand Duchess Helena(widow of UutoM't i'oujoritch). and thai to me Princeauy rate ibe iwuttry between the lllack ?*a aud ih« I, and lYiaref- of Mecklenburg, all wiih uunnpr^us retinues of the processtnn were Mewrs Klea7"i Jacigton, .!• L.I cla'.tu no peculiar credit Ifnr advocating thhae A. That principle of popular sovereignty is asSchool str-et tc. the State House, the haul playing sud thepwpie cheeringheartilys-i! tbeway. 1aetnarshalswhich every buttle o f the Revolution waa f o i g b t > Re-. tied in tb« constitution a s btirig federnl, snd n o t local, raif ruber, for ooe moment, wluat was tbe caoke that led to tbere bas been peace. But now you dnd this countryMr Ko!."s,CJiairtnaaoftbeCommitte,said-«.Mr.r>oug- crrywn, in every address to the Parliament aui neal to pSFsioiiB, prejudices, and tbe ambition ofthe l.u-., 1 have tile bqjaur, sir, to be the organ uf this cant people of England, our fathers set up snd North sgauibt the South and ber institntione. SecessionprotectedtheirdevotiontotbeBritishConstitution,and istsoftheSouthappealtopassions,prejudices,andtothe their loyalty t o the Crown o f England. ("That's God'sdo»n as not, and that they are sot going to endeavor to pense, unless the Turkish custom be adopted of a'-.p aintai.ee, and if tins v.sit rhall prore a» pk.i-tn.< to contending for the right of self government! in the cpUv Tbe Southern secessionists also demand- that the federal yesterday to address tbe Yoaog Men's Dernocratic State get tne romrasns to s-ole for the subsidy. There is the bowstriuglng all the collateral mate reiativ3S of j »u as it is gratifying to us. you will uot rejrret that you Dies. They demanded the right in their osrn local legis- government shall settle that question. The repub-greatest consteriiatiou among the friends or the line, and the reigniug dynasty. You Americans a-e fortunate peo- have made it So loi.g hare yoi b"«u in the national latures to pass all laws which affected the local and do- licans want the federal government to wield its 0'nvr;nt!on. in session here. B? accepted the laviU'.iaa, efforts arc being made to avert the doom that se^mi }tn- ple; you pay your i'resident, but are not expected to sup Couuril.1, fc.) aibly have you advocated their gau^e. tluittIon—8peerIs os* Ex-Srsustor Foote. ot Mississippi, 1M F m n r o f Dowfrla\e—Hts Drnui.iistion o f V s n n y , Cashing, Sit- rtell, Ji ft Davit, and Other Politielans— The fteeeaaion Question t n Che Soata. Ac ,&c,t Ac.BF1X1AL BKi'OBT FOU TUB NSW rORg HXRA1.D. SasiTcx » , A-.gust 1. IMSEs Senator HenryS. Fixite, of Mississippi,* who s»- lard i aimeislou's government would as soon see Mlgo who must all be provided for at toe puonc ex- tery few of u-i, sir, iiave tbe pleasure of Voir pers-mat undi'igfor, if it was not independence?: They wiere ral government shall take charge of the slavery question. been Epend.ng some weeks at the Springs, wis iavuedBr iiah lii'iut the beiUMT.aud the soouer wiil lati Und•rigmal!> blessed and laUeriy cursed as '• "lahylua'' audthf seal of all iniquities," be made to contribute issquatito it* pro<iocttf* ChrUtiaiK.iy, tbe commerce an>i toe ofsons aad aai^utrrs who, ia due tiaae,wu\ iutveeslablUh- progress o< tbe age. T h e aoouttr Mo«lemwat and, Pagauthe retolulioL'sry war. Wliat walp the demand 01 bur threatened with sectional st'ife, and why* Because you rev ii.titnary fathers, the denial of which produced the are now real sing what the Father of his Country, in hisIsm are ma'i* to feel the prowess of Christian warricjrs, tbebelterwillitbeforto*worldments of their own, t h e younger brothers are followingtbe example of their seniors, and it tne rr^n of pbiloprtagemtlvenesssbotodbeas&trsnglydevelopedistheir qoncourseofyourfellowcitizon-andfriendfwhohavet«cilla'.es almc^t continually between Nice aud Weldbad, said whase extravagance is proverbial. Ihe Smpei-or aod Grand Duko Couslantute bare both uuaioroas tam|lieswar ' It was not lndendeuce. In tie. begiumug of that farewell adtirets. cautioned his countrjmen against. Y ouCome u[i from ue.r fann aud workirhops. th"!|r counting The i;a!*ay steam line has reached another phase in its descendants, to flfly years R:ssia wil! be perfectly rooms and merchandise, to prcetyouaod e\t«nd to youCiougb, C. Ii ll II, J ft SBil-oru aud .1 B. Oiigj-rd.the other: and yet the one is necessary to the existence oftheother. TherepublicansoftheNorthandthese cessionisis of the South occupy precisely tbe same rela- tiontoeachothersstbetwobladesofapairofshears. They both turn on the same pivot, but cut in opposite directions. (laughter and cheers.) Interference by Congress with s.avery in the Territories is the pivot onmutt prohibit slavery wherever the people want siaver^ —no matter about prohibiting it where the people that that feeling might prevail stiil mo e widesy, m^rtiiproperty interests, and to his tender mercies is |6 be truly a modest demand tn our present financial ccndnioa. have bea>n a great crime, we thanic you In the coble colouij.-* only as a means of acquiring the rights of l*vilenmmated the question of the Galw»y subsidy. Tiday But, says the Prince, it might easily be rawed by itiuiug snd successful! st-oggle which you made in ISM in yodr s-~tf-gtfceraraent. Thus you find thatl the rei>btu-it n eTt.iected that the Crectors of the Gatwat 8<w.rd government bon«ls—wuich, of course, would be a'Src.t own ftate, against a brave enemy in tbe front and a cow- tit-nsxy war is uititied ouly upon the ground thathave res gued in a body, but 1 believe tbe report ^ be rate way to prevent the further depreciattoa of o;ir paper ardly troop of camp f. ilowers tn the rear, yon had our the people ot the colonics had a right to govern them ists ef the South, ou the other hand, demand that Con- would be rendered in favor of the tuadamenta. p .uc.p,«smeasures,aaditisnotbelievedthathehasoverfiftyor ralexpedient. Butalthoughanimportofthiskindis lltudefvrtaaljconstantsipp«rt aiilchyouItavcgir^u oftheempirewithoutinterferingwiththelocalanddo-enthusiastic demonstratisas. lie expressed himself de- lighted at the enthusiasm prevalent is the OecveiUs andthroughouttheEmpireStateatthiscr.t.caimrrnsi in the country s history in behalf of iiougias and nonm U-rvention—(cheers)—of Douglas and the L*»;oe- (cheers)—of Dougiac and political refura. He pr»yetsixty or h.s own party with him. Th» most important adopted in almost every other European State, it would to the great pric tple of popular sovarci^utr—ihefoun mestic concerns of the people of the eolooies. But theymeasure?areentrustedtohim.HecarriedtheFrench bevehemectlyopposedbyournobility,whonavebeen dationsioae14.0:1whichourinstitutionsrest (•liood") treaty b^. his eloquence, but ooe stipulation after another hitherto exempt fr- m direct lasrtton, aad who are aires From m statet-nian have we recet.ed so much—and ai has ralleato the ground, until now there is scarce a Per- dy excessively sulky at being obliged to etnanc.pate their low me to say to you what may not be so satisfactory a son, nut o: Purliaawut, that does not curse the treaty. serfs without an equivalent, which even the liberal Prince (rtllectloo—fratu none i> the-j 0 m h expected. The 1can CM no milder term, and say it is all a swtoule Doigorouky cajculates at ooe t indrel roubles a head. A reatisstion if tie pa-t give- aFSurance. of theaod a sham. Its effects on trade are certainly very un- buudred roubles upon ten millions of serfs would future For vjhe gallant re Manor which J-c>u inajge dependence a* a necessity, in order te get [local self go- satisfactory so far. Mr. Gladstone has large Liverfool make the nice little sum of a thousaud millt'>u3 rouble*.; to the iA-cornptoa scheme, vibcL if consummated »-orfid vwuaent. jfhey established the independence of thesep; i -u«„. e. The subject is expected to come up for dja- currency. It ts likely that the majority of the rno?.-ss<' to sympathies and rejoiwugs; and in that brilliant persona selves in their local mult ;rs without the interference ofof civd liberty as would forever Eilence the cavj.ersaf people don'l want it. They say that they are going to the day and put down factioa. The--e were tb**> im- nave it protect*d by ^ogress wherever necessary, and portant oiiji-cU to be accotapi:. Lied i* t l j> great cut'.e*;—it-a1 it is not necessary so long as the people first, the vindication of the principle of noc int"-ve»:.oa wantit.for1:thevwantiltheywillprotectitthemselves. It is oniy nece±«ary when the people dou't" second^the cleansing away of ai. existing corruptions iswant it. anr" that is the only time they are going to in- , otiiee, and the reformation of certain ev,l tsag-* 0' aa*iterlcre to prowl it. Tuus, both ol'those parties rest deleterious influence at the present day; and thtr-i, the tbeir respective claim? on the doc'.rine of intervention b yCougres* with slavery in the Territories, in opposition to saving of the Luion itself from the danger that m E V !the right of the people in all cases. The democratic it. The princip e o- non iaterveatiou had beeu i:t--iase4 party, on the oih.-r hand, proclaim tbe doctrine of non•cvmioii iu about tan davs rr a fortnight. not show the " liberal" ideas of their colleague, and wil! defence which you recently made in the senate agalns1. A verr spirr criminal trial has just been eaocfajjied submit, though with a good deal or grumbling, to accept that "lump'' of Senators who exalt the rights #f property l.efe.oi'iir. William Henry Leathata, for gelling into an indemnity for the land occupied by the peasantry, above the personal rights ef freemen, we have awarded lan-an*.at by bribery and corruption He is soovicted. without Insisting on their payins; a ranavQ for tbeir per you the prize to much coveted by statesmen—-the ,iewelthe British Parliament. We are now told by the repu^h CUTISof the North, and by the disuuionists *W the Seufth, that the principle of non intervention and popular s<|ve^ reif-'iit-. is «er> wall in the states, but is all!wrong in jthegress shall maintain aDd protect slavery wherever thel>.tnottelsentence1.Ofcoursethereisagreatdeadofsons;butitwillbjseeufromthishowdirooultitistoofconsistency,(Che«-rs)Inthelifeofeminentmen Territories(Laughterandcheers.)Theytellusthata>• mpathv for him bv those honorable M. P . s who are m introduce a rational system o fttn&ucialadnuniotratloa in there is no jieiriod to which parental hearts tura backl'ariiame'ut by no "better right or by no purer process our country. with so many tweet and affectionate retaillections as toi;.satheonebywb.chheobtainedhisseat,butbeis 1beartbatSirJohnCramptoo,theBritishMiai=te-, thatofinfancyandchildhoodaadwhiletheNorthwest' .beet to the disgrace, not of bribing simply, but of be- who left for Enjiland a few weeks since, will not claims you as her man, and the nation as her statesmau.• .gCound out. There is a wide dit&reuce between the return to St. Petersburg, lie has requested to oe rem >ved -New lQ<gland cherishes you as her child. (Cheers.)carpeted tloors of St. St«phea's and the cbwless <ton to some other poet—not for political, but lor domentic Sir, this is aa occasion to m e fruitful with suggestions;dean ot a prison's cell. I hope he will bear his punish but I am admonished by the impatience of thi assembly mtut with the equanimity of a Philosopher. Ho needs a reasons. His lady, who was a great favorite win tbe that this is nut my benefit, so 1 forbear. Permit rue. in kvftv spirit to sustain Mm In his trial. twit numdt of the capital as long a* she WAS k>:s Victoria conclusion, to leader you assurances of thi-sincere plea-Ter; Itorv is not sovereign, and therefore has no right Wexercise -. sovereign power or establish its: own institu-tions. Let me ask them if the coleinies were sovereignwhej oi.r tatherb utmanded tue same right ot self-govfrn-meai Our fathers demanded this privilegei, not for s|>ve-reiirn Elates, hut for dependent colonit*, for provinces,Baron Rothschild's paper begins to be in fear that (the Balfe, finds herself in a false position no* sue is lady sjre which your presence afforc-us. My fellnw citixet.?,tLers deniaudcd this privilege uuder prticisply t h e sameclrcomstances that w e demociats now claim it forfthepeople of the territories. We democrats acknowledge! ther jlit and duty of Congress to pass al! lavvs which arefederal, anu u o t local o r territorial in their characjter,We don't deny the right of Congress to regulate opmimi rce with foreign nations, to make war, to collect reve-rue, to perform those general auts which are federalaim not local in their character. But wo demand that own busidess.," Another gentleman in the cars calledtinguu-jhed candidate for the Presice^cy, that it wbi.1 be a wearisome and unprofitable ta*k f c h ta to ciilerta** to di.ictss it here. There wore man; who uidertjoi t> assert that this doctrine ol non tattrveuuon was sore fahgied doctrnae. llo» dared any a i j ta says-i! P " .-umptuou.-, idle, worse than absurd, wa? 1: 10 MIt t u pant'rampton, our aristocratic dames being furious at having 1 whl detain you no longer. 1 cow have the hotor to to yield the paa to the Ambassador's wne whom they have prtsetit to you the disticjuished American statesman,jew jh money loaned Kiug Boaiba ia ui daijg«-, w l now the old "Thunderer" U beginning to pat the bl haided despot on tbe back. It is that kind of a cuiof supporting tyranta aud glorifying and defenaiuauny, that has disg ,.-UN! the Vnglish pe'-ple withTimes new"paper. If I^iuls Napolem would onlymooev euough the Tkmr* would "go ia" for the< Kr<1mperor and all his mtr%ues, double dealing a.ii o;icroachments.Ithasbeenbeilosingforsupiwrtlately LuitiBrout^lisiu'i Insult toMr.Dallas. n:KS-^ouwillrecei\.'ui)gratefulthaa^slortilek'nd byp-oclatmingInaloudvoicetoaii readers iii*t singleoften applauded at the theatre, or engaged to siug in ttrairtalon*. Tfle consequence is, that ever since her marriagethey have been carrying on a war a rptn<jfc.- with ber,until, after a spirited resistance, \he fair tiiberman L^s tjierlLgas lie a.T0fcc to addresb the vatt aagamay. He prevailed upon her husband to retire from tbe contest/ said —tbe people of a Territory, the samj as those of a colo- ny,shallbepermittedtomaketheirownlawsandesta. blish their owninstitutions tosuitthemselves. (Ap. plause-.) The repeblicans of New Hampshire will tell you that the pet pie 01 the Territory havy no right of teir government ua .11 they become a Sthte. Have) noasktor"more." TheTimer*gruel isuoio-ger "lnet tbeaimoftherema;Kthrownattbeheadot Mr.1'aila.-, ofJim'nebleiytate. WhoP.Iwantedtjma.e:•.brieftrip right. Whynot'* Because,they say,Congress hasnot[Fromthelamdoniloronici ,Julyl».jIs the pointed lusult levelled at the I ait-a Sute^by laud Brougham, at the statisticai Congress on Mouusy. tolirn.t ie whichyou havebeer,pleasedtowelcomenie; aid y o u will accept my rratefuul auknowledemeuts the cordiality with which you have ec lorsed those s.^nticopies could be bad for loir pence at all the railway siatmns,and imploring all purchasers to W i n the pubiislae.-sif any one Las the audacity to imitate Oliver Twist a n t be made an interuation at qutstion* No one could mistake meul.. of we>come. For the tiioi. time 1 visit luo capitalaQyanical principle of tue o ld icpubli.'anand slab." but thin aad watery, and the news, r-atin< worlu are iiegiuuiug to find that several oibei jo'tijnala give j..-t as good a report of everything wortii kuDWJiog, even"to news from foreign countries, by able corrtisboa deotswhen Lord Br- ugbam challenged him to notice the through Vernlont and New Hampshire, on rny way from given them that right. 1 have yet to learn that an to control our people in their local and domes work abich lie published early in this rent :/y, aa-K-fUd• arid, and get them ou tbe ground where the dihWeat There is another rtason why every record of the oc (Cheers.) It violated the republican creed. It vitiated races are in all thetr purity and perfect too. curretice sbould be cancelled. Tne xood that men do, it the creed of a'l free men. in all free rx>optrie&. (A p- The weather lately s vury bvmstifui, fruit plentiful and has been said, lives alter them; the evil (lir* with them. plause ) I did uot oppose the iiOcompion canstitutieu oa There Is, indeed, to tb e very principle of evil a teudency the ground of its provisions in respect to Afriean slavery. Igiatu cro^n promising.Omr S t . rHtersbursT forresponden* e. 8T. ltWRsmno, July 10, 1800to self eUuirtton.and the example* which we have had of held then, a* 1 hold row. that tithe peoaie of Saususiber huaaediatary after the tamper!*! ukaseh>«ewr,itItssdtrstoodthath*wfflsetoutft.- Mvt»w. aud psrhaps extaad his tour to Germany, to join bis another,whotaoaavisittoherraJatiresIkthatgantry. ..*irrramUMkandemChJraaieie,Jaiylb)An tatervlew with Mm ftaperor of AustrU H tik'iy as eT*r,s» the (Ugfcreaoesbetween the11 «?f«*t|« cndimtahsmd rlgnr, aotwlthstanding the a);UnItoasormoppOBitwntothe wtahesof his canfiWUK-nta 1" * 's * .(fort,nned cheering.)The Hon tfrs-iisa A D>ti.:.As way greeted with loadM.t. Ca*:nMAW *f? FH*T,OW CI-MENS oi UKW HAMP-EC/t 80. It WaS a£ Old ai the pr.-cp.-' o! ..>•«/ itself in tus land of freedom. It wasetntN>l<dpreset ce of a negro. Now, either thai tact was presumed Saratoga to Newport. R. i , 1did not exjieetuny pcolic American freeman, whether in a tftate or a Territory,to be otteiiSive to Mr. I>aliae—iu uUic.i ca-e to draw at demuustrati. 14 My object was to naake a qpiet visi'. a derives bis rights trom Congress. (Cheersj.) I am aware-tentlpu to it was in itself ac otl'euce; or it \*as uot .-up- pilgrimage Ui the i;'ra.e of my lather act to the scene* of that the tones of the Revolution took the g>oiud that the "Hauc8off. Mind your own business" And ta order po.-edjto be ofleusive, and to that case Mr. t'iil.u- was my childhood From the rrornent I trod the soil o! \> r l>eop e ot these colonies had no rights exedpt those wl^iohvice io public life have had their use as l>«sous. wanted a slave State they bad aright to it. (••'T/bat'swhile the examples of virtue have been direct in good docti iue.") If, o^ the contrary, they did not wauttheir incitements, besides adding to tba constant slavery, uo power on earth should force it jp<m them. I it be said that the people ef the Territories arehis vivid eloquence, will be foreotten, and the men will then Kansas sbould come into the Union with that oonsti- not, when they le!t home? When did they lose thejr ca-sneU-pbact Not the sacred white elephant of tha King remember only tbe exploits of that.intellectual giant who, .tuiiou. If, on the contrary, a majority voted against it pacity to govern themselves? (Laughter and ch*>rs ) on any of these /questions before Congress—and Iof Stem, nor the golden etephant of the King of Denmark, having arquired more than the ordinary share of know- the people of Kansas might proceed to make a new con- bet an elephant of great sise and rare beauty, presented ledge tor himself, became the most restless agent in ex- stitution, with or without slavery, just asihey pl^nt,ejWere they any less capable of self government after] they got to Kansas than they were when they started? Did] tney Install their sense aad iutchlgence anq the virtue theyam not discussing tbe question as to what the legis- lation ought to be—but you never will have t b e subjects considered and acted upon until y o u banish t h e negro question from the balls of Congress. Let us baulth that question from Congress forever Remand it to the people of tbe Territories wbo are interested in it. Let tbern do as they please, subject to the constitution of the United States, snd there will be no cause of controversy betweentending the same knowledge te ail and sundry—who, atd come Into the Union. 1rejoiced from the bottom ofby tbe Su ten of Bokhara ((•* ptilt ra+nux mrrtientunt having attained a high and rising position at the bar, my b«art when I saw every republican ia math houses of possessed while on the ferry boat crossing the Missourilasiws) to oor Emperer, which elephant hi now wending used tbe opportunity thus gained to vindicate justice, Congress voting for that proposition. (Laughter and sati- freedom and the British tsuustitutiou, whether it was as- rical cheers.) Having heard the republican party pledgebis way. under oubeaid of drojculttos, «p tha Volga, after sailed te the person of the highest rank or of a private themselves so uften against the admissiukof aav moreriver- (laughter.) Where and when, Task, did the aa uve-born cit.sen. who was capable of self-government when be started, lose that capacity? ("He aiat lost Itapaiatsl mareb acreas the desert of Karokomm and tbe citizen—who, having been raised, almost again it tbe slave Stales into the I iuoa, it nid rejoice ma when I saw yet.") I will not pretend to say what may be tbe opinionTostUrbtoAstralchan,wherehawasea^taajjsam*time concurrenceofbisprofession,toth>loftestseatwhich them,everymanintheinnate,andeverjrmanUithe ofthepeopleofNewHampshireastothecapacityofthe theNorthandtbeSouth. Maintainthedoctrineofnon-it otters, used t h e Influence thus obtained to carry o a t House, voting to allow Kansas to come in as u slave State by the steamboat oompanies basitatmg to admit ac huge the same great aad beneficial amen amenta of the law if the people sbould so decide. (Laughlet and cheers.)s paaseoger on board of their craft. WbeCber It is to re whifih throughout a kmg and vigorous life he nad caase And I will say to you now, my fellow citizens, thu it is apeople of the Territories and of the uew State to govern intervention and there will be peace and barmeuv be themselves. I will only say that we, who have spent a t ween all section! of the country. Why can we not "nowwhole manhood on the frontier, do think that we we ca live in peace s s w e did in former timet" You will all pable of self government. We sfill never admit that y d u remember that during the Revolution the Northern army are any wiser, better, or more capable of!self government was commanded by a Southern general, and tbe Southerncetve this dtstingniabed guest, er for same otherbut H appear* that the Etnpenr will remato thelessly advocated. When m ea speak of Henry' matter ot sincere regret that I find the repttblican party Brougham hereafter, they will talk of him as tba now denouncing me for advocating the identical princapital this summer, and net make any of thewhichbeemsreportedtobeanthapaintofAccordingtosomebewastohaveantotervSapoieoa UI and the Regent of Prussia, or with Xand VYancts Joseph,at Baden Bbdea; according toof British lilertr-Met the most eloquent ciple that they then roted for. AU I ask af tucm is to than our -elves We have a great respect for you of tbe army by a Northern general; and on the battle field far the great Reform billot HU-as toe man carry out ia future, and apply to every new Territory and old States. 1 think we love you better than you do u s . Southern and Northern men fought shoulder b y shoulder varied tbe labors of the wools ick by recreations in new State, the identical principle* for which they at* (iaughbr.) And I will give you good reasons for!it, I in a common cauwf, poured out their blood ta a common daweettog roam aad library—as tnemanwhoin- votedwithmeinthatLecomptoucontroversy. (Ciieera) amanativeofNow England,andIleit the land ofmy battle,inorderthatthey might transmit a commonin-be aas to receive tbe rrnawlaa Prince and th e dtkrlaalmi-err>ratWarsaw; Vut none of these meetingi havenslotbe LecnmptbB constitution U he believed it to be tb" act and deod of the people, and I should never have quarrulied with him on that question bad he not claimed the right to control my vote anu compel m e to vote against in?Northwest with more force than they do to you even. Go into the ptatas of Illinois, aad there y»u will" find t h e iankee boy with a Southern wtfr, the Yankee girt with a Southern husband. When their children have grown up and have gone to visit the graves of their fs- there or their mothers,or tbe graves of their ancestors, they have had to go to Virginia s s well s s New Hampdemocracy.i«x rowrRoniss OF ls50. Thatgreatprinciplewasembodiedsolemnlyinto'&*rn-ompve measures of 1850 in ciear and uamli'tak#a^ ' «•, tusge. The desuocracv had fought in i$48oa the ba * • non intervention, and the miiitarv popniarity of waere Ta>I«raloneenabledtheiradverssrii^tovaoqai*bt!-»v But the detnorracy did not despair cf the-.-goo* '*** ITiey embodied that very doctrtae tathe coaif'*** — s l h i f cf 1S6C with tbe consent of C^y, Wrbstrran otben-ot the leading statesmen o f Anal d a y . Tu',f • » niorei ta accordanie with the reconunendatioe e>•»i FillBaore, reatlutK«s wereoriered .a both hecses«'! ^ grot* declaring that tnose compre raise n«>asttrefc tea* taied a una 1tettlement Thus the principleo! OOK '«lTM. ^(utionwasadoptedinthe de*-cranecreedml**i»f* in the a big creed in IHitii and v, as accepted by ai. Aavy-cans, with tbe exceiMM^ ot- .1 lew wretched aboiit'.**^ 0j et takes jlace, nor doct.u seem likely thai they w -f, at *W^f • • ^^» l O V ••dPS'withantsaglawyersofeverypartytoformaspecial TbePresidentoftheUnitedStates,duringthatLecomn- aociaty.brtogin, into oue life all the power of cmwerva-birth,tbescenesofmychildhnd,thegraveOfmyheritancetotheirchildren.Whycanwenotliveto-ism, reform, and legal authority—as the nun who lived lon contmwrsy, put forth a alaim which I, as a Senator than most men bad ever car- could not recngate. I conceded h is right go recomra-mdfathers, sad went to tbe extreme Northwest. Andyet New i i gland is m y native kmd, and I love her on that account. Illinois is not your native hand, add ydu don't love her, therefore, as muuhas I dd, who live jthere. Hence I ass to you that the people of the Northwest who eintgrau- from N e w England, from Virginia, from t i e Caroliaas, from any of the old States,, remain loyal in their affections to the States from which they removed while they love still dearer the States where they bategether now at we did then, ta the bonds of peace aadlraternityf Theee questions come home to u s ta th e they Were cot^utent enough with themselveir bul an***lay their gray hairs ia conscience. Ihokt that a Frequent has no more right to leasttorthepresealniiprnhablethattheappruaohthelastrest.Ifto someyearsremtin,ha oetitrol the vote of a Senator thanaSenata* b a s t e dic-tagaah.tioaoftheemancipationqasstkm—as»nt> epoch for Rnstia-detalna hit Majesty at home. 4 be wtS not smf« St Pbtertborg tin it kcan hardly ha earUer than the end of AngmM•*w"*s^s» s W allia^Bj^gjsjBj|^s|ijjBj•HHPMHi wiWHICH uelioertlne, sad any for• tate to a President. (Cheers.) T h e I'resident told m e»eguiltywill,iatorn,be thatIf1didinotobeybunandvotetofore*theLecoinp plantedtheirwivesandchildren. Yetwethinkweare shiretoseethemboth. EachchildhasaSouthernanoes-Tkft 4MM|ga4Mtt CHfM late AsBBBBsVflsBBVVMrT Aaraggjr whichted from that Mtsatter soreaakms of ceasiderabie fa_ to considerable Impor-neighbvrb«Kl,aad and an old gentleman who had two We intendto follow that water wherever it flows mttl it mingles into the broad ocean. (Applause.) We have aomost had ever advocated— a spirit of youthful sealHeawy Brougham aeeaaa- " by a vatt to the Cuited , the English loveten constitution tips* tbe people sgainst their will be just as capable of self government after we get out] theretor as weil as a Northern one; and he don't like to have curses heaped oa the bead of tbe parent or tbe graad parent. Then, again, when TOUcome to talk to us about a diasolutiot of tbe Union, we tell yon " Not Never." W e trade Southward as well as Nortaward. We foro.sh the water that flows down the Mississippi as well as the water that flows through t h e lakes o f the S t . Lawrence• now a generous peopie »F she haartiedt of wsl-told htm, in reply, that my friends were as dear to me as those of say other man could be to him, bat that if 1had a friend whn wan not willing to lose his oflloe rather » V i degrade me iuto a tool of executive power, he did not do- secvetobemyfrieud. (Applause.) Herepermitmetosay that the great coatest between t h o Kxecuttve aod mvself wasthat: be rburned the right to control the vote of a**' ,.iiwould take ott the head at every friend I hast tu office. Ias we were before we started. Withal) dnerespdet w e think, we a r e quite as competent as ydu are- and I 'will give yon a reason for that. I think the New Hampshire boy wbn iroves to the W*«t when he is twenty years of ap, isjust as capable of self-government as the brother that remains behind. Just cast your eyes round thistitled DocumentrtarepreiienUtiVwhDw he «hall vote,yc%«mv*rtthistfe- daddysnd msnoyf (Uwghttr.) Tie h 5d*o<i imbi Wordsff Is THU (he tombs o' ©or fet-hli eia,enthecont.-ary,ourreut.oostirequlofriendly,an* fjnha, which havebeaji siitepeatedlv nrgo*irnonSp|ata toeM.cinto«denpotitm. ("That's so.'») Why-elect|s tiousyoungfellowWentanddaguptheprairie,orinthe the sorsMi ot osr chudbeed Utnat ttxtTV *to -cement the ancient alliance between PrussiattouaUyarrivingfromtheEastmastconvincethemost Statesgovernment Hehasgoodreasontobettrvcthat diddecideitright,inoppositiontoanunholyallianceWe- seetheoldpeople. IfhedM,tentoone<»'heputbis bis. Andwawayoutadssptrttts*strifeaodeadlrta«iincredulous that Prince Gortchakoff was justiOed in draw- ingtheattentionofEuropetotheconditionoftheChris- tiansubjectsofthePorte,andtha'.anInterventionofthe Americans are no leas anxtoas than oorselveg. to stop theexportationtoCuba,andthepresencecfBritishand Unitedi?utesvesselsjtogelherin lu'*e watorsw<mld guarantee both the sincerity of our allies and the pruoatwetn the republicans and tb e federal otti»- holders. (Cbevrs.) 11washopedwhenthatI>ecomptonictmtrnvertjr hadbeensettledbythevoteofthepeopleofKansas sgainst It, that the warfare in the democratic party wouldeye on tbe prettiest girl that could be found in the neigh- borhood,andtookheroutWestwithhim,thustaking awayfromtbeoldNewEnglandStatenotofc!ythesmart est hoy, but also tbe prettiest girl hi the district, (faugb-ii can sever social tie, and rttsgtees tie, and Pehtica. w *hatiayoureoestitutionworth,whenyouhav*»ti; th*peop«»euAntr*wholiveunderitr Ybtmastb. the heart* of Uuepeopie together tf yon expect to suajloMt+im «tteopt the fame of assassination if th >y dare. I the great Powers is absolutely necessary to put a stop to bility of really extinguishing this odious traffic It 13 «-<«o-e. But instead of that, the war stag kept ap; aad now ter snd cheers.) Now, are you going to tell me that such Uia the Union. Ten pan only bind those haaru i ^ Z ,Messtsn » totem McooaU from 8icily aay the ©ommanAer of ThoKing's forces at Mesama is going to march oat a n ! the KimeetC«r1balditatheopenHeld,beforehehasachases to mount the hllla in the rear of the place and Wmberdjibetown. Awisedetermination;batwillitanswer* eight badbeen subacntbed. Inthepresent state peaceandunbrokencomno-rcewillhighlyestimaWLard hisownpartytaoppositiontobiswishes.I(laughter.) 1866. Mr.Breckinridge also thought aota1146.the atrocities perpetrated by Maatem fanaticism. difficult to exaggerate the imiwrtauce of a manff avowal w«tind OB the national theatre the same same being people are not capable of self government, merely be- and mould them Isto one, by observing those sr*at jrw'Our public had so little congdeooe in the ancneaj of fixe which confirms what we have already stated from our played that was attempted in IIIinow in 1868. Now cause they live in a Territory? ("Not we.") I hold that tuples of tasttae and equity upon which our whole tntiayoc find the question submitted whether or DOti_tbe Executiveotthisnationistobepermittedtodictatehis successor in ofbee. I t is said that air Buchanan naturallyloan that was to be raised 111 Bogland andHiUrtd, ownknoaled^<>, though for some time the official intndthroughthemedium ofMessrs.BaringandHope,that seemedtoshrinkfromArecognitionofthefact TheOSey were agreeably surprised rather than disappointed declaration, indeed, has'a.bearing upon many anestiensto find that at least five millions sterling out of the besides the slave trade suppression, and ail who d-siro feels mortified and wounded to have a man nominated %y federal. And, what is more, Mr. Buchanan thought se ta expected to have dons all rnsmrr 11Marti 1 am 'candidate iu 1866 in opposition to General Pierce, who was then President and s candidate for re-election, i (Cheers.) It is true that 1 was nominated in opposition to the wishes of tbe i'resident. It is also true that Mr. Buchanan was nominated in 1866 in opposition to the thetLPresident, who was a candidate for re-election. Suppose Gen. Pierce(Cheers.) Tbe democratic party thinks s o now. ( A p -plause.) TbJS principleand non-intervention i sthe democratic platform.heretofore declared and considered it a fundamental article of his creed. But here I must be just to otherA platform tiad he- a erected io front of the f'tateHouse, aliich was ooeupied t>y tlae committee and friends.The u-sosie, tmrn >erit;g sevtra! tuoiioauds, riiiiHl' the >ardin front ot tl^e building. Mr I>. was eficorseu to the u ntrottray our revolutionary fathers did not de- now find this country divided into two octional parties, platform sire iud>'iM?ndeuce. In every, netitipn to thai one North and another South. The republican party an-truth.*1) (if course it's God's truth, or I should not hjsve ambition ot the sovereign people against the North aud ehettered caipwr. The discovery has just beeu made that overrun with Urand Dukes and (.rand Duchesses, :t cardial welcome to the capital of our SU'-< »ppu»u.e.) said it. (Applause.) Then what were oar fathers e W our institution!!. The republicans demand that the fede-moeat I belleee, as I have from the first, that the sub- port hts children aud children's children ad itrfinilum. the democracy of New Hainp.->iilre Claim yott a- theirsidy will be granted; but it will be only after a struggle. Seriously, however, goverumeut will either nave to cur- tlutmpiou, and' we rejoice iu this opportunity of testify-Au aucmalou* condition of affairs exist* la Parlliameut. tail Its expenses or to open new sources of revenue, in ing to you thai your eminent services are ho14 by us m They did not deny the right of the British government towaut the federal force wielded for slavery everywhere.Thus j 011 find an irrepressible conflict produced between audience as cou'd equeeie itseif into tbe not ve'y »>t)aci<HSthose two sections! parties. The one is the antipoles to room. His appearance on the pUttoi m waf g- vted w.UMr »lidstone has been defeated on his most darling which cas_' an income tax would psesent the most natu- trak'fu. remembrance We acknowledge to you our g.a- do all acts and things which affected the general welfarerr.rstlc concerns ol their respective colonics. Thcydld power against slavery everywhere. And tbe seceisionists and spoke last evening in Metropolitan Hal! to a- large asuot deny the right of the British Parliament! to pass laws ou a l l subjects which were imperial and: not colonial.demandedtheri-rhtorselfgovernmentiaeachcolonyinrespect to everything that was local and internal, and not.:i-,[---.ai. And our fathers put forth the DeclarationofIndependence only when they found they could not ,getlocal self government without it. They submitted to \ iu- which both turn. The republicans tell us that Congretssthat iLcy might perpetuate that motto, and render it fafc'ree tra.le principles are prosreasu»g. A i*caVjfiur- saddtnly and intourteously talieJ upon to do penance for mnnt I found J was welcomed by the populpHon en ma/-* the !\xgcd" England granted to them ia j their charters. miliar to their children, they placed it upon their pap-r age They bad all bearo about the ceiel>rale<t reso .l^Btual ha? tile followiE;.' —the suspected prejudices oi his country meu 1: is difficult 5.en ot all part e> joiued in the reception. Itttllodmy And tliey Eaid that, inasmuch as the coiouies obtained money and on their coin, in order that every child :Diuldthetr rights f-cui the crown, why, of course, the Ittng learn to rem! it. Let us now act on prin-•ould take them away whenever he ihoiigut proper! (Laughter) What did Washington, and!JeHerson, knd Hancock, and Warren, and Moliy .Stark say to that doc- trine! (Laughter and cheers.) They tolii t h e King o f Kuglaiid and the BritiBh Parliament that tjhey did not; get their rights from the crown, and hence t h u the crown could not take them away. They told the( King of Etg. land that thc> obtained their right! from Cod Almighty.ol 179S, s..d certain tacliohiets, shaiiow aoc uasubnn tial ubthey were misch.evc.u-. rf tue sunny South I.II« id hsbiti.a! praise of these not»k-r.'sotrtious, which,a* ventured to say. thtse gentlemen baa eitle»r never rr*;, or tad never beeu abje to comprehend. aUiher that, or else i l l . itadl.-on »IM< ioo,, f >r Mr Mafi.-on had >ra.l aa>o, in a letter tr Mr. F.ri-rctt. asserted (hat these remks tioos were not intended to embody the accursedC-t- triiies ot cuUifics'.ioo or the inl'^iai doctrine of secat no:.—(viUemeut apjilitif") —aor \wore they inten-i-iiu ref<r,ivcr so rrmoiely,tusucti tv;!aaddiab>l*car*v(iood nevs reiche* us from Russia. It apuearx•sewer* rkas i n w i i utase *weeph>i( »» *> toe wa»le titoVfriHtiTl bitbei'to alLicaiug- to iereiito suhjecta ti »lithat cf>-ntrv. lbecr»mLUiii( eifeerauil \enatioeitcbwne(hose d.M'ubtiea naay i>* eaUmated from toe tact thatwkoip'R .Mian empu-e ihere are, tothe be»t o: our belief,more i.»an a sctire o» fur^un mercantile firms which haveabletoc«rryenl>u*iti<iaswithouttakingxtxioatliofallegiKnce drawntotheoutrage bythepersonwhowas theimme to Ike Ri »^i!«n fovernaaes'. The I«peri«l ukase is coueiwl interms vi j'*tie* aad en uhteumeut, wbjch will be knued with dutte subject of Lord Brougham's predicate; tbe gentle- laesrekieHpleasureUjrailiutereatedtoiradewit.Kusai^ It man in black asked especial permission of theroyal tunA* a rev toward* freed -mof trade more impi»r:»m 'Util Chairman to thauk ljord Brougham Alt circumstances,ciple. Let us say to Congress, ''Mind your ownbusiness, and let the Territories alone '* I havea word more to say to you, and then I have done. 1 pre-sume that many ot jou have business before Congress ofsome kind or other. Pen ape one of »oti 1ms a claim fora pension. If so, ask your representative, when he ootn°*home, what became of your bill. He'll tell you ihsthe did the beat hi could for you, hut that it was lost forwantoftime. "Whylestforthe wantoftime'" «0h,Congress occupied tie whole time in discussing tbe slave tects Mr. Mauison was the author ol these reeolst.tftf, ry question, and there was no time to pass your pensionto reconcile such an act with kindliness, courtesy, or de- h^a-1 with gratitude, and rende-ed It '.nipogsible for rae corum. Mr. Dallas attended at the Statistical Conacres as todif-cut"- any of those pp itira' topics about which thetne representative of the lulled States; the aggressor asf-emblage dliitrired in opinion. 1 had supposed that was a member of the. House of Lords—he ha-i been when 1 left the border* of my native £tats) 1 wiuhi be l«rd Cbanctliori and tbe attack was made before the welcomed only by a f»w friends as I pabStd along the Prince Oosort, who was Chat/man on the occasion. In road. Imagine my surprise at this vast assemblage, th>3 deed, tbe att* ution of his Royal Eighnees aas specilcally impofcuip, reception, which exceeds in its gaaguulCeuceChairman, to refer in tvrnut of approbation to mv course any to. naa been taken ui Ruaeto for toe tasi thi;ty or >r:y thertiore. are of a kind that would justify ths govern- uiwrn the 1^romptun constitution. While 1bavaceascd to years. ment of tbe I'aited States to demanding a formal apology, discuss the merits of that question since it was Anally discarded by the people of Kansas, yet I will not refrain from a Blitrhtia.iusiou to it now, lest my silence might be o*ice»r) has made (he diMorsry that a cashier seim out outrage was pvrpttrated. The authorities are th? more misrunbtruea|, 1 did fight that I^cninptogjcon&tittr.iv. with all the euegy aud with all the power that I could command. (jCtietrs.) ReluctantasIwagtodiiterin opinion or action with a President thai I had used allof the revolutionary war w as, that tbo| right of local government was lutwreat in the people; (and that n^nce a-.1 rightful government must emanjato from the pe>ple. andbe eftablshed by and for th^ benefit of the peopii-. Tt-.at was the doctrine m-the tim^s of the Revd lution. But we are now told that this lnperent rigb| tlf self government ouly perUins to Sta'.ea, don't belong t o Territories,norcotouies,norprovinces,S3itdidla|77n Let us examine this claim for a uonmeut. I suppose tha: you. citizens of N e w llampshire, without distinction Of party, all claim the inherent right of stub*-government. (" »es. yes ") You think it is an inherent right that no poweroaearthdaretakefromyou. Wei),Isupposetnat democrats aad republicans agree ao far. But the republi- can tells you ihnt the moment a citi/.en jot" New Hkmp- shire (wlai posoe-.vs the mherem rightIof self govern- ment so long as he stays here) crosses a,State, line and enters a Teir.toiy of tbe United Stales, ;he foneita the right, ([roaical cheers.) Is it true that a citizen oflvow Hampshire lor :'eiu his inalieaab|e right! of self govern- ment when he moves to a Territory r (''No, Sir «*,' and ltughter ) What provision of the constitution ol thi} l'n:ted Sistts works that forfeituref ('[None.") rheh upon srhatgrounl is it that an American citizen i> de- prived ot his rights when he goes into a Territory under the constitution and the AmeridVu flag? Willjt'i Kkfttmmim Cmvmtp—Tk* lutpe^iing Coagreutf 9» accretion of human knowledge and civdixatton. Henry opposed tbe Lecomptou constitution because u was not not capable of self government ? (Who are the Brougham will not serve posterity as an example theactaudd|eedofthepeopleofKamsas. Iprwpose«that people cf the Territories'' Where did they borne wretyn.—Tie Serf Qmr#ism—lkt' Roman Loa4-lke ad manJi'm When, to after days, m-n review the question should be referred back to the people of from? Mau> of them are your suns, your brothers,! who flrHen /inrrrfcffat, rfv. bis services, tbe exceptional mistakes, even the s.rougost Kansas, with the privilege of voting for or amrdtst it and lejt the granite hills of their native State and went to Tbe abject of gearral interest at the present moment Is pro unices which have been uttered even ia the heyday of if .a majority of all the legal votes of Kansi ratified it Kansas. They were capable of sell government, werelthHyPut it was John Taj lor, of Caroline, who ofi->red ibex f* adoption in the \ lrgtnia LegL«iiture: au 1 th.s sam . -*a Tu) 'vt assertrd boldiy. clearly and elooiieutiv. irr-o^n- bly, the great principle of mm ..iterveotH-a in his »>ti. e • 1 tied "Constra( •utu^ Cou*tru. d sxd f'i>nel:t :t.je< Vis dicated " H e would recou-uend such » wiwW a= 11*'. t» the very dishing and fane'tfi:'. champicris of i»*ces*;o* ti the pjc'int uicmenl—to tbe "laoceys. the tveuu, to* KLi US, e: ui t.i.nr p>wi .<•—who tUiuk they baee a.1 th w» dom in the world, Wa'ise soaae very 4001 nat .reo p*oUetalcatious are still th«' order of the day. Tbo I nion either from i.nr.t Brougham, for his wanton escapade, or <abill." Another may have an interest in the French S,>o-liation bill. Ask your representative what became ofthat bill. "Lost for want o f time; slavery question o c -cupies the whole time; no chance for anvtiung else "Ask your representatives w h y they d id n o tremodel the tariff in order to raise nvneyenough to defray the expenses of the government withoutborrowing twenty millions of dollars a year. Tuoy willtell you the ouly reason that the bill was lost wa1-forwantoftime. Thenegroquestionoccupiesthewho!* p.eintheSouthhadhonoredtheasofaraitoiutecu time, no change for the tariff. Ask them why they dklBaalc oi Australia (what h«a got ut» l'aiou Hank. horn the presiding authorities ol the arena in whicb theto Melbourne sosw time s i n x h a s t mbezztud the snug bound to take souae notice of the occurence, amce we are littletv.mof£10.000. Theyhavegottherogue!,butnot inclinedtosupposethatMr.IkillasattendedtheCmgret^ tbe mooey Mr. I'dward Bradley must now rant with by invitation. If s >, be accepted the invitation to receive PuiUnger* aad tbe Kcdpatbs aad UiOsons of tne ag», the treatment which we tiave described.•"my efforts t > pi see iu the Executise chair, *al duty wa« paramount to any pursnnal or party obligalinxi. (Cheers.^ I ftood pledged, a s every1 democrat in Aajenca stoodonly be is a petty rogue Ten tbouaani pouuds mty'What couid the little foul have bevn about to disgrace There a r e . indeed, considerationshlmsel'withsuchapettyaffair* Therereallywisno neitherexpectuorwishthattheviolationofdec>rum pledgedbybisvoteforJamesBuchanan,inls»6,to digs ity About tbe thief. We shall next hsar of some m ia sbould receive any official notice 1,.,-u Brougham is no n.aiutain the right ot the people of everv State aud stead ug two or three thousaud poundb ouiv. Tlae pro- longer young; be was born in 1778; and althotigo be ban* every Territory to form and regulate their own domestic remtoo ts ia disgrace.whichmake u spreserved his faculties to an e-etraordiuaiy degree, it institutions. ("That"s it.") In my opinion, the attempt would be unjust to assume that the torgetiulness or whKb to force upon an unwiiiuig people a coiustpuiion whichnot pass a Pacific Railroad bill; aud at the same time re- mind them that Kiilmrwv was pledged to a Pacific raihroad whenacandidatein1856.andFremontwaspledgedto It, and Buchanan was pledged to it—all three parties pledged to It. Y et the very bill, the very measure to which all parties were p'edged, could not get a majority in either house of Ccdgres.-. Ask your representative.-— Why* " Iioet for the want of time; the negro question takes up all the time and tbere is no time ten to attend to the material interests of the country"—at least to the inte- rests of the white folks, as my friend in the crowd says. In my opinion, the government of this country is the white mac's government. It was made by white men for the benefit of whia? men,andought to be adminis- tered by white men (Cheers.) And 1 think tbe white men have a right to a small portion of the time, &t least, so that their business may be attended to. Y ou never will hsve appropriate legislationtiieir Wild and »tormy declamitioaf oojfatc mall -r» 4 bUite*piansh:p which thty never had been, anl ne»« woul't be,able to comprehi-od. (Applause l a i Ui^alet.)Tocr rUa»tiio«i countryman, Mr. G ? Rare*, hto justgoae to Shetbtod to gel htm some pomes. H • *«»u tocollect tbr choicest and mot sele A stud of horjws to the five j ears ago, or perha .s even two or three years auo. cratic creedL but it violated the American dreel.HI- F1UK.ND Dl<TtU\-0> ^ — _ _ _ _ ^ A certain S nator from New \ork, whom bei7ieT>'anil reverenced, snd whum be i-tio loved b.t p'.fr;«nd Dickinson—(A voice, <4<iu. Da^ el's phtyeM '• laughter.)—ottered re».olutior.s in the Be-'-'.e o: tS» I'Dited States, in 'iecetuber, 1*17. ia whKb h» made tM first rsgular |«r|iameutary de-ctaratioti of tue e.ea: r- a* pie of {popular severe.gnty. and cow Mr. Dickuisoo h*^ >"• come, to some extent, forgetful of that re nnpie H' tial brtiight these resolutions to him (Mr loole; aa<i C.J"*, t"< know whether they would be- willing to se.ppo-t U»«a II-(Mr goedr) Wasdengfatod with ihem. Hethae^st they exhibited the gvest fundameuia principle oi the «- i'»ocrstlc creed, and be told him he would sanction ia«a Ceneral Csst* afco approved them; but Mr. Cai'.i>-a. • whoae fri«nd»hip Mr. !hckJUSWI no« boast*, seefned 4e- termiftcrt to denounce his re*r lutku s aad n nisei' aw they, therefore, advised bim eamest'T ao« to pre** h> retoi jtions to s vote, but 10 content hiaiseU w.ti '•u *• form|wiiprmthetable, lietooktheir ad ve,a^l*• letolitious Hi there at the preoeu' moment.VBS KKHOLKOS 1m ..sTbe nevt step in the matter was oenera! l>-=k' Nl-ii >^*a« t'tter. That act was d<»ue with marked .l-vbe »•">• Tue lotWr was banded to Lou (Mr. I'ootoj Wiat h* ^ t * reierIttotheroc>-id>rittk>DottSedetaort*;clneB>,';, <>t C;BgTt«s. It elaborated a dear aad cutinet aai. , a - * meut o f a hat they n o w called pojr.'ar sorereigU,'. * Miuiab rve-ntioo. He procured sigi'atur»*v to * ',*iM, droSiii up b> himself rt^queat.ng ( . . neral CaastoP-**** «h'_ letter. Tlie letter was publurted coder ntsl*1' Koelte';-) supervision and cirectaon Tl»ere was in')l * demrfratic member of Congress *Uo dj^tnte«l fro* *• That doctrine was then emboo>ed in tbe*»"' more,platiform ofHMg,MrYanceyandwi"* i>eing there and objecting to it, aad refura; «• suj jxiTt the d'-mcvratjc ticket on that greKJW. S0**"he was guilty on Monday would have happened tour or thov did not like, was not only iu violation ot the demo-aud grandeur auythiuit 1 have pre wood*/ witnessed.From the bottom of my hesrt I thank VM: foftliis demon-strationof >|»urgoodwill. Youbsv'ebeenpleased, Mr. andthaihealone couldtake tneaa away. ThedeKstfriue"1every political community, State and Territory elite, has, rests* (Chews.) My friends, 1 feel tbatlhave dneTaT underoursystemofgovernment,therighttogorf•» justicetoyensswellatto•nut.,.p«to>o*»')jfc,, itself in all things that are local a n d domestic, and h o t am not going on. I have done more talk « g to day that Icompromise measures of I860. The whigs were ia tbe habit of claiming the exclusive credit, because tbeir great leader, Henry <3ay, was tbe authw o f the measure, be- cause their godlike Webeter made the argument to vindi-don't want it—thev prohibit it themselves. Hence, tbe grow stronger and stronger, and energ.ae every man is republicans waut Congress to prohibit slavery whenever the republic, until ta November next such a nu.oriir and » herever the people want to have It. The secession rfor Territories, while they were dependent and remainingiu u col-Tdil and territorial condition. (Cheers.) Our fa ntcrftrence by Congress with the domestic institutions MIoften of late, and so abiy. c.-peo.aiiy by the.r JLT.J-«-of tbe jiecple everywhere. (Applause.) We say to tbeP federal government, "Hands ofi7 Touch not the local affairsottbepeople!"' Wesaytotnefederalgorern- ment, what our fathers said to the British Parlia ment; "Mind your own business."' ("That'right ") Pass- ing through Vergenncsthe other day. a g ntlemau in the cars called my attention to an old piece of Continental money. "Bid you ever mind those words—'atindyourmy attention to an old Massachusetts com, on the reversesideofwhichwas,"Mindyourownbusiuess."(''Thatisaverygoodcreed.") Thatwasthecre<.-dofourlathers in the lath of their COiOUlal au'eelorsiu the Revolution. That was what they said to the Bri'lahParliament weut tbey attempted t o force slavery 00 t h ecoleny ot Virginia, against its will. That is what our fa- l.CC of <lie most i.lustriOLis statesmen thai V.'gaj thers said to the British gover%ment when it attempted ever cprciuced— 'oUn Tiylor.of Carol,i.e—12 a po tctitic affairs, and t<>dictate what kind of paper they should tins iiriEc'p'.e, and unloided it "fully, without any opp*write or. Our fathers said to the British government,lion from any quarter. Anlwbowas John 'isjlor.of Caroline'' In "ihe Old Dominion that que.-ticri we.'.; af answered by every tctellir •:it srhnolb'iy o' too years 4cia! aad commercial relations with the South and the silk*. We have tbe tie of conn try and 0 / blend that hinds them together. When yon tefl ua that tha M m y t o w . dlsscJvrl we say •« Never f" for the reason that we nevergM tance as to oar diplomatic taseicoaiat with U e gov- claimed that the representative ef the peepie is tagepetvin th* North and a few eonaUy wretched seces***.- ;tW tiie*uth It w,1.tUerofjwe.au aarient doctrine,a- man re u'd tmaef iy gainsap tt.ernsaeatt of Spam and tbe United States>*. « -.mtdent and should always act independent oecutive now-fexfellow.a* M»t ITiSThomas M. Tryniskiintend totravelinto *ferstghcountry,d309Fulton New York 13069Southtreetwww.fultonhistory.comtail I4th SI1e*ViasawaJal*-.—j.__JIt—l.a -La.ilACTM AL B>TSCI! O* NO* £>TSVT,rOS.to 