 yINEARTS • at'e a ml Aestalesay e iSBOOND MOTICB. unjust to deay1K•=•.•**!•• A S W . t t S : hydr^n aad.httto.of•"•"•i^*.•S^^^^^^^^Ji »4^-«*»««"**«ito-**-DWw«f-*<*•*•er/e in aU -• toWmaslaV, The n»u^ea f J W «picture wtQa l W i M year'*. II•stye tltserttasnt that the toe V st workl t>f oar artiste.very many pkstw«| , and to1m ton oftotobroachofartOecto the highest credit oa the sentiment of the artist "-" tok tar hto ran felictty to rendertnr; it# T e B gs-^sssrs------>aaa fasten Iself upon, sad very f a _ . agamst its atiseks; for tome things a has a petite, especially when that appetite S T ^of freai ay work, wttbMdtoitosWSS . ^ogen. While nitrogen m _ . >nd vahtoto—oxygen to nolentljysatttr,tto."Tbe most important item of Intelligence toby this mail to the dtoMtstolag intelligence to Texaslaagersaretobedtobaaded. Aft— »„u,, appointed b y Governor Houston, to here to-day for thepurpose of toktog final action, and O a result of hto to,Ntgnm iVfisswltrs/flW Adwai Irtsj*Bsarmgtheretoavassalreadytogap.tosmrtftoOto belto to the States, I bars come down topurpose of starting you the latest newt.fewer, aad ft wfll appear, from a carefnl gamy of their—_totnsseas,sadback,sadfromtheseastothstoUnitedStatesarmyofficers,butthepropositionwasre- a^STafsww^ks.or sr ion »*>**»";" mountaintopsandback,andlaasystematicorder,ssdPl•rltMfmft-in ••- • 'ibe pre** «Mi. "Mating," tad fonr other fine pictures, by Johnston. » Mating" to the few, of fen« subjects Isto thsidrswtof, though hard, by s o aaeaniMS.-angelsWhisper". H.NuveO. ssd executed with splr*.8 aItoast their old watts of oil painting. There are some verytoeHeadsiacrayou,pastelaad pan andink. No 10— chainoflofty mountainsareworthyofChurch,andthetout aad tok drawing of Bunny Side, by J. Henry Hill, lad Its way at a good price into the man-flora of the Valley, display the minute handling of thatgsmuemaathat hto works b ehy Mr. Ieutee, and "Mary stormy scenes of our mountain passes. Hto large ptoturewhen they get ten or twelve thousand feet up. That perform the tame duty, when every movement mads byI n tilth to the Tow Mcrament wtt* hor hoaee-4km»a at 3» oto toting the hat the firs of genius sad great rigor of imagination.a grand manner. There to, however, a want of care tobility only as a generally useful art to simply doubted. Steam, theagent which hasrevolutionized themoral andcommercialworldwithin thepresentcentury,might here remained what it was in the beginning to the present day, had not a Fulton demonstrated its utility b y build-feet, se that an object beyond that point of distance must beover68feetabovetheearth'ssurfacebefore we can teeit,wehave,whenelevatedatordinaryballoonheight,a range of vision of more than a hundred miles before and around us; and thto never Tails to awaken the mind to the Importance of developing the means by which this vastruffians who have tprtsd ruin andoutthaland. Bat,although tbsrevolution has toss tofarsueoesafullyopposed, It Isnotas yetaltogether suppressedthedrawingandpaintingoftheanimalsintroduced. Thebatim.expansion of balloons that at the time of starting they should not be more than one half filled with hydrogeu gas, for such was tbe rarifying power of the air that atof the air that enjoy the grand prerogative of its uses— they certainly are not the preferred and special objects of God's bounty in its enjoyment. While the lowerTexas to make war herself and she does not desire any better task than that of conquering a considerable slip ot Mexican territory, aad tlTus acquiring her natural boongrows wild m the greatest abundsnoe: aad toe phase and pine-apple form impenetrable thickets usder tto shade of tofty forests of the most precipes ctbasttotAcler*-. work.^ n ** J**t «« «*rto Arm,jS-»V-n< PeopU s/ .Northern Jtosfss Ojppoasd to ttojjrjgijj), TUBSPAT> APR ABBm, SATJBAOOW.l««V... ^J * **• ".fT^Ku^'^Llv _^ - yvorite topic, to the siiaewusthe exhibition. The story ss tm*y aad tenderly toldrs- ^ atttadsaos, hut » - J * ' ^ ^ i, aw*satty grating, dissolving and dtomemhlto Uare in the prs- •11. "Twilight". Alexander Wast A fins erealmffprimestems to be the rather of acids.sulphurs a d. acids—Itwhich M l he. ^ ^ ^ ^ T T ^ ' ^4lto». «kfl to msktototNow these two gases being always found la das^ T•fleet, rendered with gveat thill and ability 241."SeenefwtoRomeoandJuliet," Frank,Lweiogrbktoonn. who.o^^^UltlespressatwssT.^ltor.MirtUwS,Thto ptsture, VM most elaborate aad pretentiousthe wails, aWnds with sasrto of high order, butto sadly marredlaatocentrewithobtsnttrtdgures,overwhtohaveil sbotod be drawn. It to highly Isished, but hard, and poser »ses all the characteristics of the severe school. It does honor to the artist's eapebtittiee; the flatob tosupertloooslyparticular.4*2. "AnItalianpeasantgirlinscribingthecoufessltoOfhertoreupona tomb."BdwardMay. Thissimple ©impositionofMr.Mayshasallthecharacterofhisbest works,and it lanotsaying toomuchoflttosaythatit ranks with some sf the noblest performances of modernartMr. Soatog has four pictures, one of which forcibly ex-pressesthe"irrepressibleconflicts"tothegrandandproportion, make it manifest tost the tttoosahsrs borshubtinCasttheservicewillharetobtabandoned.has, a constant aad general circulation .(that it must The Commissioner made proposals to Major BeintselmanIfBiy;^>" ^JPfi\XmASSSXAm seasontend%Eg-fat P*» t/irorttora Jklmt jT*dV-2Vatur*l Btmimimmaster.sameopulentcsmsouaaw.Iathefirstgallery, ingasteamboatandpropellingituptheHudsonatthaandboundlesshighwayistobebroughttoaknowledgeusuallycontemptibleopinionoftheregulararmy,sadralSotilk),stillrunsatlargewithhabandtfwiM__»whichthertoitertoooftenhurriedlypasses,will A Very Pretty Raw 1st the Coulisses-efhumanunderstanding,so thatitmaybeusedforhu- rate of four miles an hour. So with aerial navigation; man comfort and advanoementmen, picked from out of the vast domains of fraJrto aad belongingtotbeMonagaefamily;andyet althoughclose- ly pursued by the indefatigable Taos, he to st wall ac- quaintedwtththeHeldor haformerexptoiu,kSalsMtt impossible to come up with him la the vastoess tf ttatt desert plains. Is tbe meanwhile he keeps himself hk> • tigerit bay—towhichanimal hetooften likened byhahastandthegermsofoaepicture*, andthepromiseof •store excellence. which are rarely appreciated by those who are impressed with gaudy efforts, oppressively mage frames, and ambitious displays of artistic proteo-_D a v e • p o r t v s . B o a r c i i a a l t . TO T H I EDITOR OF TUB UBRALD.somethingmoretowantingthanmeretheorizingtobring it to that state of perfection which art, science, and the geniusofourracedemands. Sofarasthemerenaviga- tion of the airto concerned, it has already been demon- strated thatthereto acurrent ofair constantly moving fromwesttoeast,atarapidityvaryingfromthirtytooneThehorrorsoftheseaandthehardshipsoftrsnsmon- tose journeys loose all thtir terrors when contemplated fromnalloon altitude. Somuchto thto thecase that a few years ago my son and self went out over Boston har- borsometenmilestoordertoshowthepleasingmanoeuvre of crmung in to land again by the sea breeze, after having driftedouttoseathatdistancewiththeuppereasterncur-thence mutual animosities would bars grown up. However,1warn thegovernment thatthtosetofdis- banding tbe forces by GOT. Houston it a significant fact whtohOosgretsandtbe WarOffice maytakeamtot,sad once wrongly construed, no one can estimate tbe conse-quences. Itmay be goodcommonsense atWashingtonMtotJeanM.Davenport hasplacedbeforethepublica matter of difference between myself and that lady, aad se 4tothisgallery. "TheWood Dock," by Mr. theobservationsmadeto your journal uponthesubjectM,mastnotescapecensure. Wehavearighttoex- obligemetostatethefollowingfacts—thia accomplished arttot a perfect picture; In February last MissDavenport came to Laura Boone's hundred miles an hour, according to its height from the rent And it seemed likeno risk, had we not even been compatible with her position and resources, aad, indeed, defenceless towns, tbs Inhabitants of whtoh artnero-whocan,withallhtoadmirationorthefiring theatre,toNewYork,andwitnessed,mydrama,"Jeanle earth. Inmyownexperience 1havefoundthis awareofthelowercurrentorseabreeze,becausewe unnecessary,sincethecantonmentofaconsiderable lesslybutcheredbythtosavagechieftain,worthycompeer I,latlotherwisethanofleaded attheveryslovenly Deans." Thefollowingnightshecameaccompaniedby to be a fact without what may be called a oouldseehundredsofsailsscuddingtheoceanwithinour forceatBrownsville.Thetruereadingoftbeeventtothto, (ooaaxttdre)oftheMonagasfamily,towhombeasstest 'towhichthewater,the grassesand lilyleaves, single exception, and the celebrated aeronaut, rangeofvision,renderingitImpossiblBtoalightwithinthat thatTexastowillingtotesttbepermanencyofthepeace constantlyattathedfromtimeimmemonaj;batkmeava secretary, provided with writing materials. They sat distance and not fall to the reach of help by some of once more; that she to not willing to hazard the safety of fidentlv hoped that the volunteer cavalry of Otadatodrawsaadcolored.Thebestperformancesofoursidebysideintheorchestrastalls,andunderMissDa- CharlesGreen,ofEngland,whohasmadsmore them.Aknowledgeofthesethingsbringsthetripacross theMelaceandOosmpotreatybyanyhostileactofheralreadyenroutetojoinVson,wfllluccsedisjarttotoarethoselittlepicturesandsketcheswhich venport'sdictation anddirection,certain writingswere ito be the result of actual observation. The works done. The performers upon the stage drew my attentionthan five hundred ascensions, has, In his own experience, repeatedlyverifiedthesamefactthe Atlantic, In tto untried and pioneer character, withintheprovinceofpleasantcontemplation. own; andthatthetodesirousthattheUnitedStatesshouldWhile writing I receive a letter explanatory, and draw- have another opportunity to do tto doty to her. For i n g s , o f a c o n t r i v a n c e t h a t g i v e s t h e b a l l o o n a r u d d e r a n d t h e s e p u r p e s as t h e g o e s t o r e s t ; b u t s h e s l e e p s w i t h h e rend to hto atrocitiesThe blood or the Belissrtos sad other worthy Ctogsvr t m e r o s , w h o s e h e a d s h e c u t o f f a a d s e a t s a l t e d s s a t r s >I must here be allowed to state that my work to not aNo. 460. 6 . P . Healy. The heads of the children to this simple dramatization of Sir Walter Scott's novel, but an an altitude of three and a half miles the balloon became orders of animals have their specialities, each circum- daries With the example furnished b y France, I .think useful timber trees. It atoo abounds to mines a* pal,. j are very beautifully moulded. It is to be regretted alteration of it. I have altered the story, altered thecompletely distended. Such to the effect of the atmo- sphereatthesegreataltitudesthatanapple,wrinkled andcorrugated upon the earth, at a height of two anl a half miles becomes as smooth and plump as a fruit in full bloom upon the fc*e. E;m the human body expendswhenthuselevated,andhehadhimself experi- enced thenovel sensation of having every lineaad wrinkle removed from his face, and appear as smooth toscribed to its particular range of instructive knowledge, msnhasbeenendowedwiththefacultyofreason,Ideas of comparison, powers of construction—and hence the right of all the privileges and prerogatives of other ani- mals Betakestotheseatstheduckdoestothewater:aad whyshouldbenottaketotheaira*dosstheeagle* This oceanofairthatcompasses usallaround,andwhichto as substantive as would be an ocean of fluid iron of fiveTexas can safely pretend that the eastern slopes of the SierraMadreshallbetohercharge,foruntilthattoour western boundary there will be an everlasting nest of runaway negroes on the west bank of the Bio Grande whichwillconstantlyincitemoreescapesfromthistideof theriver.silver, copper, toon aad other metato whtoh, tajettor withtheInexhaustible suppliesoffueltoreducethen, render thto region truly a land of promise, as wella toe most eligible spot for a colony of enterprising foragtara. Theownerof tt would be rightgladtogiveswayest halfofitforthtopurposetoordertosscsretheremfrea thetggreastonsofthemarauding bantstfdesosratoti who are at present the undisputed occupant* oftottostI as other works from his pencil adorn the Academy's Mr. Elliot contributes seven sf hto fine portraits,ah sf whtoh sustain ha great reputation.No m Portraits of Brady, the photograptot. and Mr.0haract6:8, invented scenes not to be found In Scott's novel or in any dramatic version of it, and these scenes, incidents, dialogue andcharacters Miss Davenporthas taken,and,Iregrittoadd,hasattributedtheirinventiontoherself.After exhausting every means to Induce the lady to re-In view ofthese diffloattits, Governor Houstonass made this hto last peace offering, and If It to tost, w h yRobert Rait, the well known silversmith, show the ex-• 'ms of Mr. Elbot—the former marked by great dell cede from her position, I commenced a suit against her the touch ss If he were a boy. Iu reference to the sensa- feet in depth, was not merely put around us for the pur- then "let loose the dogs of war ' The greatest filibuster It a with tbe object of getting these gentry f ^ J ^r of touch and sentiment, and the latter baring all the 1 sf hto masculine genius.Ma. 484. "Chrtobaaa Tide." John A. Haws, is thein the United States Dtotrtot Court to Philadelphia, and tions experienced by balloon voyagers, they partook of the pose of blowing dust in our eyes and to perform other captains cf tbe age will leap Into the chasm, and it will haunts, tad converting them again Into assfalthen waited one month. -Miss Davenport then advertised same change which marked everything removed to these little aerial pranks, or God would not have led us In the then be a matter of providential direction whether our of society, that the presence of General P an to to mansgert of theatres that she would continue to per- aerial heights. The circulation of the blood to Increased, power of reason to understand its nature and its capaci* Union will resist the pressure of eternal disturbances, or needed at tbe present time. Every one stillaawetty of toe exhibition., a a d a f f o r d s e v i d e n c e o f h i g h c a p a c i t y i n t h ei of Gothic Interiors. It a one of the few gems tgsttory.Ms. 470. -MountMaasflMd." R.W.Hubbard,to aatoaproTementonhislastyear'sworks, butwhydoT "Itto minutely and exquisitelyThe R«v.D.King of Greeee. TOTHEKDITOBOFTHBHBBALD.form tha piece, and offered tha inducement for them to engage her. Under these circumstances, finding my pro- perty pillaged, my remonstrances treated with contempt, a n d t h e p r e s~ s »o >f P. h• i l »a d eo l . p h i a- u—s e d~ t o r i d i c u l e a n d v i l l i f ythe brain becomes more active, the respiration quicker, ties. Impressions are more vivid, and in his own esse the lec-turer said hto feelings became so exhiliarated when gazingupon the beautiful country beneath him, that it was impossibletorestrainhisejacuiatory devotiontotha worksofnature.ThetimerequiredtoreachtoegtmttoentJOHN WISEbecome the mother over all the rich States of Mexico. Let the black republicans took to it to time, or we shall addasmsnyStatesbyconquest aswebavebypurchaseTbenorthernStatesofMexicoaremuchopposedtothe Mel ane and Ocampo treaty, and the Governor of Nuevo Leonthreatenstorcstotitbyforce.Ittoundoubtedlywith gratitude the success he had in reducing Caatra, tbe celebrated bandit, w h o , fir eleven years, kept OS valleytoftheTuy Ins perfect awe,sad defiedtflto forceswhichColombiasentagainsthimishtonaatttt mstenets, until General Paez boldly penetrated atoasaK tbeveryheart of htosanctuary,ssda-tor*u U KUmy pretensions, I very reluctantly felt obliged to publishcondiments—heat,raoature,from pole to equator sad from equator to II S — J ^ S T U l - wsrs -> P-ttoto^S pole, and from the vast plains of Africa aadJ to ptoos the Rangen under thacontrolsadpayof too revolution,orrathermutiny oftbs tsatI t S t o s ^toSta.ourrspr,rtor,ltowsT.r, that htoparts,whichsoseriouslyhas this beautiful republic.After the check received by theOfouliawtatOople,tadtheir subtenantatGuardattoajssbythesrownchoiceithasparentthattheplanofthefederalleaderswastoinvadetuddeslythemostpopoJstedtMtrk.t«oUtt*taottotwratJorwsih,tefi ihey considereduprotoctod bythatabstenateseofftha.a.m_y, as they have appearad simultaneously to toe Tatotj of Caracas, SanSebastian, Victoria, Oousurt, sadttbat towns of importance, to say nothing of the band negroeswho,fromtbetssatjttitames,totskaj beautiful valleys to the east, south aad west ef thesi In constant alarm—pillagtng tbetens of a century have elapsed sines the first experiment dated system leaves no room to doubt To become ac- the Stoto to In derogation of the gentral government?-" by Mr. Lcuis IMr.J. T. Peele, as usual, to among the best contribu was mads with an aerostatic machine, comparing quainted with these currents, with all their ramifications, Collisions must result from the two forces in the con- tbe overseers, sad burning ssdstokleamnato^prertouatohei-eaaoattoa, torstothepresentexhibition. Hispicturesharewonfor itsprogresswiththeadvanceofotherartetowhichthe willbringtogeneralusebafloonsasmeansoftraveland structionoftheirlineofduty,andnothingshouldheso couldsotcarrysway wahthem. Wereasettorthetaw/oral works, that area they have aad* progress. Ia I branch there ia but Utile to be see* aad ht- lhe-DefeatofIradaoct,"bylento*,to Istrikingperformanceoftbehtotorieschool,aad•byas-eaaaequaltohaformerworkstothus Attstestotaddinef bstttoarsweUexpressed,butthere » a lack of eafty whkh forces the eye of the tsaetaier to dwell rather on the toadsoapa aaa aky efthetoctore. Ittofarmore mentrictoat thanamntori-oas, aad batter toe expression of terror la the counte- aaaeeaefthepartyrentedwouldbersgardsdatIfee mark e f a puphl of thtogreat artist N o. ML,"PrtoeeaiJ | ^ e . ) u»a asoenaloa tsen deferred would certatolytakePlB ?Tef.WisewsstotrodoeadbyMr.I*Forrstt,»»f?«-menoedbysayingth»:»ashehadchossassatoctW et SThtolecture,ttisf«* tost ^^»"^"*2£all the works of nature—those that w e do not under- jected s s impossible by tha contract of an army officer, stand just as well aa those we do understand. Had tha >and therefore the Governor has concluded that Texas a•aaudiseanecestoadddrres«swouldno*tdeter Whimfirom n>pu«mtkwto>f• titerstocomparativelynooxidation,andyetthesetwore-—•««.«*uu t«o rases—nitrogensad asfreelyandfr.lly,asIfscrowdedhousewereprstomtto gt0M K f t a s W r ^ andWhile Maury has already pointed oat the motion of the —*-*—• ~«« tha motion Of thesirstthesurfaceoftheearthandthe sea,we hare yet to learn its true and general motion in its upper strata. That we bare In oar cone s great longitudinal ear- rentto manifested by allballoons going eastward¥Ot]8elFii01B MTheTheApt at .]Wheigreet him. The art of navigating the air was yet is its infancy,ananotwithstandingtherewss*an estateabove, are the matt ramarkabto production* ef theaeeml transporters of merchandise over the whole surface ofresolute stand the citizens have made everywhere, tha country weald have already become another San Do- mingo, for such to the tendency end character thai thto most unjustifiable outbreak bat assumed from the com mencemeatAlmosteveryindividualabletocarryamuskethssbe-i urw.to Mr. Leutse's ptoture abouads with evidenceitevriy nstismtt, aad ia to tto teter all oae oould •Mr*, oomptototo hare been made aad with great•*,him a rank which should encourage a spirit or emula- tion in younger arttoto.No. 28s. " No News." C. F. Blaurclt Ia the department of. interiors thto arttot to In the front rank; thto little moreem shows,anoldgentlemanfallingasleepeverhisworldto indebted for its prosperity, b\nooning to hair a century ahead of the age; and if the spirit of mechanical progress necessarily requisite to a high attainment of scientific principles keeps pace with the onward march of intellect, he believed that the time would come when ourthe globe we inhabit. Like the using of steam to the propulsion of stationary and locomotive engines, It may not "pay" at first, and most consequently depend for awhile on unrequited and expensive experiments, and withal may coat a few human lives. But what of all that, where so vast a field of exploration, and so vast aa amountofhun.an progressandhappinessliesunde-seriously apprehended at Washington city as thto conflict of authority on the borders. From smaller beginnings than Hist have grown up destructive elements: and in fact, policy itself should prompt tbe government to contorn the two principles to that they may work harmo- niously, instead of fostering that sentiment of hostility which already prevails on tbe frontier against tbe federalithe paruainy displayed again thto year by I•ommntee. LastaeaaoawehadoccasiontochildreiiVouldtraveltoanypartoftheglobeattherate.thvery severs terms of their coadoct to thtore- newspaper, "Tmt Nsw YORK HBSUU>," the first instance of ahundred miles an hour. In such a view toe art veloped and unappropriated!oxygen. v~ -i--Mv«t inits I oxygen.us which Invited man to take the wings of the wind, andnytotheuttermostparteoftheearth,itwasonewhichmust encounter many difficulties before it could b ebrought to perfection. Though not more than three qoar. there must be great latitudinal currents, Maury's elucicome s soldier, not excepting foreignert, many ef ThesummarycourseadoptedbyMr.Elliottofonrecordofanyonenappingoveritscolumns.Ittoastandsoutinprospectivegrandeur,worthyoftbsmostofspaceafewmiles'abovetheconvexsurface haverenderedimportantservicesonvariant[ eat one of hto pictures from the frame, shows that slever idea, not however as elaborately rendered as it ardent application of genius, and the support of both the of the globe, feels at once that a more exalted authority.a stoaagrj indignant aeaaa a entertained amongst the pro- should hare been. nation and the individual. Something more, how- destiny to In store for progressive man—that an unknown If It hsd not been for tbe forbearance of GOT. Houston, tharge with their favorite weapon, the rills.ton aa to the continued unfairness of their proceedings. Ns. 547. "Bass of the Rocky Mountains." A. ever, than mere experiments sf a few boars' region, a new world, surrounds him. While on the earth' ssd the good tense both of the army officers and those of Iithe water calor department there ia sot much to duration was necessary to inspire the public and on the sea s convexity of eight inches to tbe mils The government feels, nevertheless, perfectlyBiersted.Thtotothelargestandmostelaboratepicturewithconfidenceintheart.Thatthesirisobstructspurview,whichvisualobstructionIncreasestheBangers,muchillfeelingwouldbarsgrownoatof|undertheprotectionofanarmyoftwentythousaThto branch of art,the mattbeautiful Ina totinsexhibition,aadtheartisthastreatedthesubjectin withthesquaresofthetltotonces,sothsiattonmileswe thepresentcomplicationson theBioGrande;batMajor test,readytorepeleverywheretheattacksoftot_•hand,tonotprtoedsufficientlytotemptoararttoto navigableisnolongertobedenied.Itspractica-harealreadyanobstructionof800inches,orabout69Heintselman and Major Ford bare behaved with cour- tesytoeachether, have assisted each otherbyadvice asdinaction,andthustheententeevrdtaUhasbeenmain, tained; but if Ferd had been pugnacious and obstinate, why b e would probably have expressed the rronttorman'satmosphere not this grand circulation, like unto the blood ofthearterialandvenoussystem,theequatormlregions ofitwouldbecomebereftoftheiroxygen,asthegreater heat of that torrid zone facilitates Its abstraction from the airandmingleswithItsafflnitatirsfood. Atthepolesnot in a condition, or admitting her to be In condition, to not called upontosupporttroopsforherowndefence from foreign invasion, a s this Oortinas raid is, and, there- fore, the dtobandreent of the State's forces. And In view oftheactiontakenbyCongreat,Ido notperceive what otheralternativewaslefttoTexas,for ittotooplain s fact to be argued that tbs duty belongsto the UnitedStates ofprotectingtbsfrontier,andin thename ofall unity of action how can two opposing principles—such at theStateandfederalsorerslgattotare—beexpectedto• ••»•>* H wnaa *sy ssavammwjA contemplative mind, when posted In the realmsT h e l e c t u r e r h e r e r e a d a s t a t e m e n t f r o m M r . G r e e n ,tothefact.Iomittheircommentsuponit showing.thedifferentaltitudesInwhichhefoundUihwest-keel,asitwere,whensailingoverandnearthesurfaceaimoron:shetoinastateofarmedneutrality,andsre-enttohto"Ompaeladeo,"ssbestylestbselderactaMr G e o r g e L a n e s a f f o r d u n d e n i a b l e e v i d e n c e o f t h e> ef objective rather than subjective (composition) A few weeks afterwards Miss Davenport announced at erly current to more or leas prevail. Prof. Wtoe refer- of the sea. Such is the result ot the spirit now inspired newal of these border troubles will awaken her unto gas, still clamors for vengeance, and to attain tha eat tolandscape painting. Thto gentleman a, we understand, the Walnut street theatre, in Philadelphia, a new play red to the natural systematic calculation of the sir, and to the investigation and developemeat of this nobleart vigorous and fierce hostility on her own account. ThtoabouttotaketiphtoresidenceonafarminMassachusetts called "TheHeartofMidLothian;or,Jeanie Deans," saidthattheancients musthavebeenwell acquainted WhileMr.Gage,whohassentmethisingeniouscontri- tonotanidlespeculation oranemptyboast;itisthein with the subject, for In the first chapter of EoclssiaUics, vance, teems to put no great valuo to Its Invention, I ampeople of Chaguaramas have enlisted to a msn, under f t command of their experienced fellow citizen, Gesenl Jose M. Zamora.tot the benefit of his health. He will return here, how written by herself. I had already engaged to play my sixth verse, it is recorded, "The wind goeth towardsthe happy to say that itto of more importance to the present flexible resolve of Gov. Houston, backed by nine- Of late La Victoria, the capital of the beautiful sat as r, every winter, for the receptions and exhibitions, drama at the Arch street theatre to that.city. Mr. Wheat north and turneth about towards the south. It wheeleth condition of the art than any other accession it has lately tenths of h a constituents. w h o have been driven terprtoing province of Aragna, tbe gardes of Vesassfh, a. tie. "Sunday Morning," by Mr. Durand, is a sontinually, and the wind returnsta again to its received, as it at once combines tbe power of hedging, to thto tost resort as the only means of safety. has been menaced by a.band of runaway aagrees, n a ly, the manager of tnat theatre, after seeing my piecein circuits. ' Such was in reality the case. It steering and anchoring the balloon when within cable's It is not even a matter of policy at present, as many bermg about a thousand cut-throats and taeeadtonaa: specimen of composition, aad to a charming work; New York, had guaranteed that my performances of it was well known to meteorologtoto that at the length of the surface of the water. It ought to he Illus- pretend, but itto a fixed necessity, which Texas must the wor.-t class, whom Garrfato dispersed not toag aa toPhiladelphiashouldnotrealisemelessthan$2,000, equatorthere wasatoneshoutfirehundredmilesIn tratedIntomepopularjournal. Thisart,whenfairlyin- eitherpursue,orthemustconsenttoseeherfrontier withhtotroop,butprobablytoreappearhereaftereasi-thetravellerwhohasresidedtotheOldWorld, stodiedtherocksandtreesoftheNew,will asresrve ia this agreeable picture a little English, ItalianbreadthInwhich tbewindwascontinuallyrushing augurated,willrevolutionisetheorderandlawsofmu drivenbacktotheNueces. TheMexicanpopulationof lyboldandstrong. Bytbeway.ImustInformyeaten with other contingent advantages. 1received the follow- from east to west. Being always under a vertical sun nxipal and national regulations; it will render all States Matamoras know thto destiny at well as we, and they this Garride, who has shown so much pluck in alltie en-aad Aanalosa scenery tastefully combined.sal. "The Wilderness," & R. Gilford, is objectionablesathescoreofMenotbeingawilderness,butamere aamposltion of elements easeatial to such a asene, Impart togtheideassadawakeningtheemotionscommontosy subjects. Thepicturehasneither gloomnor deur, and has been too Inconsiderately hurried toi a satisfactory effect. No.480."OctobersGoldenHours,"byW.Hart,willfew called beautiful by most visiters, yet it a meretricious to She extreme, despite the preuinesa of us composition aad dehcacy of handling."Moentog to May," 3W, Regis Gignoux, to a fine ex ample of literal rendering. Theartist having painteding letter from Mr. Wheatly ;—railva„ „. The Heart of Midthis air becomes rarified, goes up ina northwest direction, finally ascends to the po'sr circle, forms an eddy there, whenceitreturnsagaintothetemperatezone,andthence proceeds to the torrid zone, where it performs Its unend-and nationalities provincial, and the atmosphere the world's'postal highwayWhenwelookatthehugebodiesofcloudsmoving gracefully along withTeagle's speed, and tbe tornado in ita^giant career taking on its back houses, barns, treesby the acre, and sometimes large slabs of marble, and glid-take the chances of either driving us eastward to the gagements of note during this contest. Is the saawtoa- Nueces, or else being driven westward themselves to the vidualwbo figured so conspicuously at the ever saaaar SierraMadremountains. Theysay,andIttoeasytobe ablePanamariot,andanephewofGeneralPati.nto perceived, that where there to such an "irrepressible nwto be considered as a sprig of the old stump. ccnilict''toexistenceaatheretobetweenthemandour- TtoeheveIhavealreadymentionedtherepulsethatts selves, that only a desert or a chain of mountains is th e fedemi arms met with at Barquisuneto, and the.r sotot- properdividingline,msteadofanarrowriver,whichin- quentoannibilauonbytheforcesofBrsto,thehersefMT DBAR BIK- Uurt Friday night I vlaMed the Walnnt streettLhoetaotroen,;aonrdwJeiatnaelsesDedeatnhae.'p•erfoTrmatasnPce^oVfn"TShaaaHJ'e^arwtoSfsMskill^ib^Unlnsseenss. your drama "Jeanle Deans, wtoea l iMnuihua." ThtsntoH^wttLSS^Sae^ths^^laTtewYoTaWtyanuarv. Thealteredheresodtnsr«,butthe ingcircuit BetweentheparaLelsthirtyandsixty,there,"iussw^hws t£Z •JSiatiyalteTM-! h-w aad tnar».W^ „^ ____ A iih OHimtsmw I most with-fore, it was feasable at all times to sail from west to east,WWAH lam the same. Under these drawtheofferImadeyou,toguaranteeyoutwothraasdsothatIfaballoonweretoleavethecityofNswYork,ingalongwith them,heedlessofbridges,tollgatosor doUarato*theperformaneesof"JeanleDesns"attheArab.itcould,byrisingandfallingtoaccommodateItselftoturnpikes,andwithaspeedthatlaughsdeflanteto"thevitesdepredationsfromeitherside.WhentheMarshalCople,who,atlastaccouto,waionhtowaytoBartoaitoIdonotdesiretoproduceanybutsewworksaadthebast;the attractionofyourplayhasbeendestroyedforuse. Iregret being thus drawn Into an opinion on this matter, 11m, MC&MM tsete a a lady U the ease; and eeeondly, becaute It afTestatbedifferentcurrentsItwouldencounter,gointo North- ernEurope,ordirectlyacrossinthesamelatitudein which it started to France or Spain; or, taking a stillsteamlocomotive,itispastingstrangethatnoneofthegreat engineering spirits of the age, the Stephenaons and Bru- nette, bave given their attention to the powers of tbe air,ofBrownsvillewas deliberately shotdownInthestreets oftbetown,Corttoaahadbuttweatyfivestepstotake until be was beyond tbe juriedtottoaof tbe State and theforcedmarches,topursuitofFalconand htostaff,whok representedasbeingquitediscouragedafterhtototsts verses at Cople and other places Poor Falcon : ahfaeagkanothersatablahmentinthiscity. Butyourdemandasour- lowercurrent,thevoyagermight sail down uponCon Itsmobility,buoyancyand antifriction quality. Taken generalgovernment What anopportunitythisoffersto the ostensible leader, hetonota badman,sorass-getherresponsible fortheactsofiniquityperpa treated by them beyond the sphere of hto command, but be factto that he mistook hto mark when he consenteda reach this westerly current, and he usually found it at an alone will lift up in that space 25,920 pounds. Nature adopting geography for morality. The British are a dif- ake a part with them to thto unju&tiftobito foray provossf Philadelphia that it might be compared with Mas Daven- altitude of from five to ten thousand feet. That occasion does this daily, frequently to our most disastrous sstlstac ferent people from the Mexicans—the one detests crime by that arch traitor Castro, who a still kept to close a- eet tntil the meeting ofCongress, who alone camdtopssgentthatUleavesmenoalternative. W,WHSATLKY. Onreceptof this letter, I took the prompt manuscriptBtantinopieorthecoastofAfrica. Inhisownexpert enoe the lecturer said that on only one occasion during the last twenty four years had he Called immediately tosquarecolumnofairofonefootdiameterforyoarlever, and the earth for your fulcrum, and poise the end of your lever into an empty space, and the atmospheric powercriminalsofeverycharacter;andyoumustnotcommit the mistake of drawing a parallel between this instance and the Canada boundary, for you fall into the error ofof my drama from Laura Keene's theatre, and sent it toport's piece. 1confided this duty to Mr. Blackburne, awas last August,when ascending from St. J."lis theysailedinalowercurrentandwere driven to thenorth-east. Subsequent ascension, however, from the city ofLafayette,madefortheexpresspurpose,hadsettledthe dozenpassengersandtheircomforts,evenwithacom- Cortioastoabandit,apettythiefandanastassto,even 'bevalleysofBartoventoaadTuy,eastofCaracas,_. fact that tbe current was' there and could at ali timesbe mon muslin bag of 100 feet diameter, need sot be deem- according to the official proclamation of too Msxican tlao a prey to another band of marandiag negroes, rto,gentleman ofexperience in theatrical affairs,whohad besaw,aadwithafidelityworthyofimitation, beenamanagerandactor. Iappendhtoreply:—lion when itocroois our houses and carries offour hay stacks,andliftsourbridgesfromtheir abutmauts. From this point of view a transport balloon cargo of half ajust as much ss tbe other loves It; the Mexican tostiac- tively harborsathief,whiletbeBritisherinstinctivelyre- pels tbe rascal.•fhim. Pitythateachafinecountry shouldforeverto . t the mercy of ao unprincipled set of political aspirithe spectator aa agreeable and very natural pic- ToD. BonEnc4ci.T, Raq.—tore. It to to fine contrast with those efforts which are My Data SIR—I reactvad from you the aromptar's oopy of found, though, from a multiplicity of causes, he bad pre- ed a chimerical scb> me, though I would myself prefer a authorities; yet the highest dignitaries to Matamoras are • from a fine agricultural district, bave converted ittsyour plar of -Jeanle Laaas," and. aeeordlog to your inatf uc viously fsiled to ascend into It. B e b a d n o aeutation, as* dae to the suggestions of nature. But we must pass, Ucns, Qihited the Walnut street theatre, oa Moadar,Marsh therefore, In saying that a ctrcum mundane fsst of the a few of the very fine portraits which grace the 19, and wttoesoed a ptoosealled "The Heart of MM-Uotataa; character which he proposed could be accomplished, and or, Jeanle Deana" a s the play proceeded I tampered h with that It was necessary it should be accomplished beforegood silk gas vessel, a n d a congenial season of the year for a pioneer experimentI bad fondly hoped that thto would have been perform-bia friends, aad rest their feet under hto table cloth a s ;ato a howling wilderness.complacently as I would under Mayor Wood's. It to all I Ia the province of Oarabobo they bars to coasad stowtoe against tie banditti of tbe Sierra, which, frea tto nature of the ground, makes all efforts to overate item quits fruitless. Toe Sierra to an extensive linssi tf mountain ridges, south of the beautiful lake of Vaktaa, and the property of Senor Avlli, of Caracas, which, (a natural advantages of climate and fertility, to, pertop,yourmaxusctict,sad, eioept intheearlyssaaesoftheBrat thesubject of airnavigation coald be laidbeforethe edthtofall,butrowbelievethatitisleftbymanifestdes-Mo. 448. A "Lady," D. Huntlngtto.to the finest work to act, 1 found the two draavas to be thesame—the sains»e world in l-s proper light. What was required to ett'eot tiny for me, and nothing but providential interposition will geon, for they know their truthtto tote on the walls of the Academy. He has another pic- i ef an elegantly attired and beautiful woman. In the ; up we are reminded of the worthies of the Englishqueue cf seeres, the same plot and character*; thetong-uage occasionally Ogutoed, but in many oases followed verbatim.ibis object w ss a balloon from one hundred and fifty to tw o hundred and fifty feet in diameter, though lor a mere voyage to Europe, one of from eightyprevent me from putting it into execution next summer,even though I shall have to try it with limited means andIt is, therefore, much to be regretted that the bill be- fore Congress calling out a regiment of mounted Texans was not adopted, for then the frontier would have beenTMOMAS BLACK BC una.Still desirous of adjusting thto matter without public to one hundred feet would be ample in itstbe frailest kind of vehicle.The world of air that surrounds us, like the mus c of the protected the Indians would bave been driven back unsurpassed in any part of the world. For yean M hatrouble, 1went to person to Philadelphia. I called on powers and proportion. Tbe latter would require about spheres, sings to us with sweetest tones of invitation to its with terror to their mountain fastnesses, and been the stronghold cf lawless bands of desperauOM, tto -Vandyke, Str Joshua Reynolds, aad others- Thto Mr. Sheppard, the legal adviser of the lady; he produced 3,500 varcs of linen, and would possess a carrying cape life giving, soul inspiring, and power bearing domain. the difficulties on tbe frontier would have been have always btilled the efforts made by the misstoiicontributes tea pictures, ail of which sustain hto city of six tons, to both cases a seaworthy boat should Tbe condor that luxuriates over the flora! tropic*—the ea- so effectively settled that to a tow years s sufficient num- governments who bave had to contend againstteam,tatseverely acquired reputation.the spirit of Scheffer, and something of hto sy style of coloring.her manuscript and I produced mine. I pointed out to be attached tathe car, and contain all the appurtenances gle that views his majestic form in the glare of the mert- ber of settlers would bave congregated on the river to >tt its resources are still, as it were, untouched htohimtohermanuscriptwholescenestakenfrommy necessaryfortheemergency shouldthebatatafailto diansun—tbevulturethatplaysinthemostartisticman- preserveorderandpunishrapine. Butthen,Isupposeit editiontothestapleproductsofthecountry,tuckatcefht, to the Walk of Emmans, No. 131, by G. A. Oertel, w e drama without disguise, aad sections of the dialogue ver- accomplish the voyage. It was an important fact in the ner upon the art "olanf«—all the clean and unclean birds to destiny, for the occasion is just now very inviting for cocoa, sugarcane and corn, vanilla of a superior qua!*)ThepioueeditorsoftheJournaltfCommoteneverthem to do an Illegal act—one for which the law held of Europe would vary with the character ot the current in fail from time to time to bring before tbe eyes of their unpopular wiih the greet mass of Mexicans, for they see tbort conversation Induced him to renounce »awarningtomanagersthatMissDavenportwasinvitingthemalsoresponsible. Assometimemustelapsebeforethisquestionispassedwhichtheballoonwasallowedtoprogress.Itmightmove atarapidityofonehundredmiles,orattherateofonly thirty miles an hour, but taking the average, say of aboutreaders theworn outquestion ofDr.King,ofAthens,aninsidiousinvasionoftbecountryinitsprovision!,and takingthatinstrumentaadtberecent action ofCommo- dore Jarvto in capturing Miramon's steamers, which hasever bisabominablecareer ofcrimesadrottorj andreturnwithhimtocivilizedpursaitt,whichheat ss be declared afterwards ia public he was awedby toupon by a legal tribunal, and aa it will be a matter ofast saryoaag artist*stuiysky painting?—afinespeci- publicdiscussion,ldesiretomeettheevasion resortedto fiftymiles,thevoyagewouldprobablynotconsumemore nations. Theobjectofsuchpublicationsisclearenough: seriously wounded the amour propre ot the people, bolenetsofthemanwhodaredalonetopayhiaaswesaaa of which will he seen In No. 375, a nobly rcn of saying that my work was only taken from Scott's no- than sixty hours. Were the attempt made to circum- navigate the globe with a larger ship, it might occupyand the prospect is that the targe mass of the peatedavtort sufferingmissionary"martyrs,"andsendthempecuni- Mexicans, who detest us as a people, will IttotruetheGeneralwascompelledintheendtotowtondscape,byJamesHart. vel,andtheladyhadarighttousethasamesource. I twelvedays. . "Forest Llfo. Penobscot Encampment A. F- now oner a reward of five thousand dollars to any personwho can find in Scott's novel, or to any dramatic versionto attract tbe sympathy of the benevolent to the longThost w h s look o n thto masterly work will of It, except mine, the following scenes:— 'atthehonorsoftheAoademyarelongerwith- 1.Thearrest ofErneDeans atherfather'ssupperpainter W e know of no picture more table, and the whole of the last scene of the first a c t2. The examination of Madge Wildfire as a witness onProfessor Wtoe spoke In a n entertaining strain upon thesubjectforaboutanhour,coveringabroadground, to which a mere sketch like the present cannot do justice. IU the course of hto remarks he referred to many Interest Ingincidentsinhaownandtheexperienceofothers,thethe christening of one of tbe bandit's sots tt tc**** hto rebellious propensities, which well titmpliftoi to Spanishstying—Lacobratitmprtttrssitotat*.ewe"Ws sss that it has already found a purchaser. literature, that those works which I wrote for the all go round the sun, but they seem to be much like bal- church. There both began with the utmost seal the in- The Whits Squirrel" sod "Hto little Visiter ', American stage, such as "Jessie Brown," "The Poor of loons to their vagaries. While they bave s general de- struction of the youth, and continued their prstoewotftbyNew York," "The Octoroon " "Jeanle Deans," aad work up to the present day. For twenty-five years Mr. cleverpicturesarebyayoung "TheOoltoen Bawn,"shouldberespected. Tot termination,theyhaveveryungeaeraltimessndjpurses aadMrs.HillconductedtbebestschoolofAthensforshorthand writers visit the performance, take down I to their circuits. Bo with the baOoon—while It goes with young ladles—frequented.by 400 girls, teres eighths ofB a r k A a a a .TO THB IDrTOB OF THB HXBALD.CmPs»os(Wrrsses'Boom),April7,IMS.I (la,*• - , . nnvwt ferwarded by a # The following is a copy ofspreaezitr naimi0l \retoftheInted*=taua,P«*f*'B**£uto/,-entsof*too"- t \ ^wwa»•-- -The municipality ofiered to indemnify him, bat be re- oould have disappeared out of the ship through the bru- tbe action cf diplomatic agents, who make the*aayswMhtot i t r painted much mm«**«**•»*>»*.»D.Diomstsri,ofGeorgia.Dr.Kingremained actingcon- the evidence plainlyshows that onlytwo coloredmen despair,ssmartyrsofuyostice,awayfromtoetrnssaw sul. He seised tbe opportunity to claim an indemnifica- came Into Cowes tiivs beside myself. Before any of the whitot seeking their tost righto, hot all to veto. . ^ men came on shore it wss reported to Mr. Thomas Har Yoar memoriahSt reepeetfully suggests to T*~?7%wawfesders*#Kwu9 ..,.(-• Hot*1i,l»r.l ;,.. _- . TT. . " "»S"W-who became tbe atone of scandal between the twom praise,oroaethat istossopes tocriticism- EffleDesns'trial.itoshamethoseinanitiescalledcompositions,and 3.Thebickeringofthecounselatthtotrial,andtheImprovementswhichhadtokenplaceIntheartsincethetotolerscoe,hasgatheredaroundbitstandardthemostanytreaty,whatiatobeexpectedwhentheAmericanswellknowntomanysocialcircle*InJeetrTeratstaaa a reality about it which impresses onewith reve ssasetor natural ssenery.scenes between them. early experiments upon it, and concluded by an eloquent enlightod portion of our community, who consider him aa have s written agreement allowing them to enter the lover of art and science, has been tuuiiiitssasnerl bre> 4. The murder of Madge Wildfire by her mother, apoealinfavorofaerialnavigation asallimportanttothe thepioneerofthelibertiesofthepeople andthepromul- nation st plessurer There to averygeneral feelingof Pretidentelecttoexpresstohimthenaintmnts **"**£sU. " Wtody Weather. ' Delessard. Executed in the truestyleofarttotondscape—theworkofafewhours withhtorepetitionsofphrases.The writer to the Journal represents Dr. King as the alsothatittotohimweoweallthegymnasia, schools,and even the University ot Athens.Allow me, sir, to toll yoa In brief, what Dr. King did inwill be the next move ofMlramoa, and then for a grand this patriotic mitsioc; besides, hto easy tanners saaaly yetessentiallygrandaademotional.403. "Twilight to the Tropics" Louis R. Mltjuol. ThtofightWe bare had no military movements hereabouts withinthe last month of any consequence, although there was averygeneralapprehensionofaseriousfightatBeynoaatwodaysago. MajorFord,havingheardthatanumberofCortissrmen werestthat place, went uptheriverperformancewillgratifythemostfastidiouscotmotostur. BUS Irving representationofnaturein hermas4 htstjlfulUnto. Thecsiarascaretoablymanaged,astoFranklinsaidofaballoon:«'It'aanewbornchild;wt dontknowwhatitmaycometo.''Aidwesaytbschild muttlearntocrawlbeforeitcanbeexpectedtowalkandGreeoe,sincehtoarrival inthatcountryin1828 Dr. KingwassenttoGreeoebytbeAmericanBeardof Foreign MtotioBS, as a missionary. Therebebeganto preachtheBible,butatthe sametimebetriedtomakefatherduringhisfvile, andsharedwebhimthedate*; ofthecampaign,aswellssthegrtoutottoatofhMWmMeg.ft. The character of Archibald, the duke's footman,military, scientific and commercial interests of the world.SystematicBallooning.THE CIRCULATION OF THK ATMOSFHEIB-ITS Rt>SOUBCE8.TO THK IDITOR OF TUB HKR4LD.gator of tbe liberal ideas of the age.dissatisfaction at the occurrence, and the longer the his countrymen for ha spaedy return to thetoadsf »6.Thewholeofthescene where Geordie Robertson rouses the mob and the soldiery are fired upon.7. The whole of the scene in the prison, where Effle DeansIsledtoexecution.8.ThewholeofthelastsceneoftheattackontheTol- boothusedastheclimaxofthework.ary contributions for their hard tohor to "those savage" countries like Greeoe.unite in opposing Juarez and to sustaining Mira- executed hto own cewtpadre—for such he had sitsasamon. This effected, as ail recant occurrences have tended to bring about, why Mlramoa can muster sufficient forcetoattacktheBioGrande,eitherinpersonorthrough" *^te^y;tto mUtUtoSuppTtutkelrrtframUeamJlxcton flat Tests nA-lAViebrtmthatTexastonowwithdrawing from thedifficultyaain-outraged countrymen—alwaysreadytopassesoptstatin tbe education—they cannot help it; and therefore they do not take such friendly admonitions as this in high dud-I take the liberty to claim s space Is your columns for C'ortmas. with a large body of men. Governor Garcia, of might be rendered into good English, "The goat wffltsr ibis letter, because the course of the HSKALDto matters TamaultpsB, writes very bitterly about our invasion of mass for the bush."ofreligious Iseedom, endagainst bigotry andreligious Mexico,andsaysthatifsuchactsareperpetratedwithout IsmgladtonoticethattheGeneral'stot,Dosi""*Mexlcins ponder on the event,.why the worse they feel. affections and exploits. Being uncomproeaaed ***** |founderoftheschoolsofGreeoe,andnotonlythat,but AsIsaid,ittogenerallycreditedtoMatamorasthattha politicalparty,nobettermessengerosuidatsalecto*wamiabledispositionbaveprocuredforhimtheeot^"JJ of every rank in society, but more especially that tits various factions, wbo under tbe name of politfcalse**"" kiepthtounfortunaterepublicinconstantaguatiox"*•* bi't-n.moreover,theeoin-tantcompanionofha'H"**Whyhasnotthisptotureafptooeoatheliner such aconflict—and tf fhavetoproveincrmtestiblythe learntobalanceitsbodyaswellontwopedals,nearly,as warned himseveral times on the wrong course to comply,andretained totheeast sideoftberiverto FromCaracas we learnthattbe potittosl occur!-- .Thesescenesallappearin MasDavenport'splay uriatosptotl foliageand thesplendid diffusion of light whtoh mtoentfeatures moretimethantousuallythecase,were it nottaughtao Churchofthe Puritans,andbyand byintroducedtohto glancetbestrengthoftbe Rangers,and dependingupon sentoccasionbioslairto surpass anypublic rnatt*evwiththeRangers andmadesdemandofthealcaldeforatos the aerial perspective. The delicate handling of the Mm d cerbatUn. I select them as being some of the pro run. The child would probably be a quadrupsdestrian for converts for the propagation of the doctrines of the tbe delivery of the robbers. The alcalde took to at a ovations, lhat which awaits the old patriot on tto F*"1 need scarcely express the repugnance and sincere preaching several theories, which were highly injudicious. the strength of a strong position and 2,000 people, re- tion ever tendered to mortal man in these regioaa th* moon could not hare been more skilfully pain it gives me to find myself thus opposed to a lady in «arly that its position w ss an upright one—that it could to the established church of Greeoe. The government fused the demand. Ford gave them such a time in which speed him, for tbe benefit of hie benighted countrytbequadrupedscanonfour.So,also,totheknowledgeof hewaspursuing,butinvain. Hecontinuedto makepreparationstoranassanlt.Fourcompaniesof efthedayaresovariedittoditf.cctttokeep"•*?tion—that to, the true nature of the elements upon whichlismostsuccessfulusesdepend. Wealreadyunderstandthough rtrj difficult subject to paint. It has the managers; of course I have never received any remunera- bow to construct balloons, and elevate them with definite Greece for this long time? The people never trotted him wss just receiving the tost rites of the church before selves. By tbe government official. TZ*!Z~&*< *tion whatever tor "London Assurance,- «otd Heads aad to indefinite toads, to the air; and w e know that the air to tend to hto school their children. He has not made death. He stored, however, to deliver the individual up ratty have been victorious, snd <;«aertJW»" . t g1TheBayofNaples."G.I.Brown. Isawel wrongthathasbeendose,Ihopethatthefairsexto ; which the tody belongs will remember that she leavesiandfairlycoloredmarineview. Ithasallthe meaoalternative.>a^i of thto arttot 1 cannot conclude without referring to the lawless manpreach in his own house until 1862, whan, having United States cavalry were then called up to tbe scene, them: there have been several ballet andmorealcrBltv systematicballooning,wemustfirstlearn Mstrueposi- pushedmatterstoanextremity,bewasbroughtbefore andtheeffectwsswonderful. Tbealcaldemadeample ingontbeplains themountedritlessneVtrossnsatta"Staightog Party." H. V. Ergen. Is a very nsrto^wntohdramaticlHararypropertytopillagedthrough out the country by small travelling stars and insolventdemnedtoexile. Butthe KingofGreeoe grantedhima bandinthe town, ifbe exceptedone poor fellowwho principalbattle,butbavereturnedand pardon after a few days. What has done Dr. King inof being true to nature, w e oould wtoh, however, i the horses wsrajaora carefully drawn.if be wss alive and tbe Americans wanted him. Now this it to. twd of tbe federal leaders have " " ' a , , * * that to characteristic of these people; they are brazen said the tost of tne trio, Fstoon, bat gene m ""ofthtoartistspencil. Inthisbranchofartws londonsadbecamepublispropertyhere.BatIdo perhaps,bybettercomparison,assmoothly,buterrati- tothemuchesteemedDr.JohnHHill,fromNewYork. credulityorouraatonabmentattheirmendacity. TheCongresshassoquorumasrarely meet with a mors graceful or baraonious painter. claim, both from the public, always just aad kind, aad cally as comets to their siderial tr»vels. Comets Thto gentleman and hto wife went to Greeoe a few years bees coming in for the last two mca"* i i — B 4from the press, who should be tha guardians of after Dr. King, being sent by the Protestant Kpisoopal Tite Alleged Crnelty ©at ttoo American i however, they will be able to go » • —Young Hearts," "Used Up," the "Corstoaa to<*£ers, and currents will carry them along as smoothly and grace-daring thirty years, s single Greek convert, and what tomany other dramas which have afforded the public auto v"Morntog Walk." Lssarua A very beautiful a nights entortatomeat. These works were produced in fully as more the planets in their orbits, or, wife, who is a Greek lady. How different from Dr. King liars from nature, and they always take advantage of our of Few Granada .the court, found guilty of prosslytiim, and w as con- apologies, but denied that there were any of Cortlnas the American. Dr. Bogaa, distinguished «•——hes a aastill more carious, he hss not succeeded to converting hitthe dramas aad hawk them for sale amongst irre-iare lively aadwall psiated,aad thastati sponsiblemanagersandactorswhoarewillingtortokthe thegreateasterncurrentaboveus,Ittoliabletobedrifted whomaredaughterssfthepeople,receivingtheirinstruc- Inoticedinstotterheaded''CorrespondencefromCowes,' J ToTwHoMOiuBixTBtSswr*^^.J^Ajawjmar.-to wall expressed. performance, relying en their own worthlessaess to es- north and south by local causes and providential ordina- tion gratis. Dr. Hill, though an American, tad s native that I.the undersgned. hsd my -lassie" to come from Tivts or THi L>rro^**»jj^r . &&&. of the 0d of New Y ork, professes t h e most lively interest fo. h i t 1I. "Tha Amphitheatre sf Toseatoai." Whttradga. cape legal consequences. I do feel earnestly assured tions, that make It appear as erratic and assystematic, adopted country, where he and hto virtuous lady enjoy London to see me. I deny the statement. Tbs person I TbeineiimrtolofSett^Jg ^ y^rltostorato..J"**** *•»"» *•*• •Atoadndwahs enrrss-p nadtog beaent Ha preaaot costribution»wiU not allure aad abuse. 1 do not ptoos any great literary value uponwork. M r 8uydam a amoag the most studious and mem\il arttotoofthaday.fjrg. Ctoailni Aqa****. ' w -R>tl uosimmi of thto ctossto sosas to ISave bass hang on the line, as thetheu_x_tverrstee.. Ervenso totheeconomical aadgeneral hadmadesome yearsbefore.dtsaatehofbusinessbedesignated;andafaoiM to*SI ..„_ ^_^.^, (jart,- those tot»9,,^^^tionforbispropertyinbisnewofficialcapacityofacting ling,Jr.,representedssViceConsulfartheLsitoi bleChambers,astherepresentativessfthepew*" United States Consul, and the United States government States. He replied that be oould not psy any attention to great nation, tost some remedy be sppbed to totj*!*: having ssooadsd hto claim, b e received in cash from the tbs case without It w a s reduced to writing, s s Mr many abuses comptotoed of, and that the duttoiajtor,. drawing ooastttotos its exa ehapter3,rarsel5. Garter. Thto atomntst XtoATC or r a m s ASD Sox.—At s town meeting ut Medway on the 17th tost, says the Boston Soavwsl,Mr. £•***• f>ss»r, appareatry in a fainting fit, fell upon tbsntture of the great atmospheric ocean to which they —ut•tmoreThe atmospheric ocean which envelopes ear earth to aplain of a country where hto investments give 2,600 percent? The Untied States government, appreciating tbebrought to justice, for I, who sm an American, think I h*ve dose no more than my duty to tbe oommosity st largobytt»kxjuaiatance with the Ersageltoto or thasr fThy,tosoliteralaadutterlytssrttotisttd uve and breath a n l beve onr being, a t bave all things ? " W * t o * toawt in view of the event the that UW sad bresihe, whether la or under the earth sad '.sdtourasd. theaftorsoon, th*^rstor^Ittotartly,toen,worthyofalltheesastdsta- tiMeldell the study that the learned aostoties and thepointed again Mr Diomatari United States Oonsal.As for the religious intolerance of the Greeks I can only saythatthereexisttoAthensbetidestheProtestantEpis- copal churcb, two Catholic churches. s Jewish synagogue, and a Turkish mosque, to Chaleto (Island of Kubosa),and hops I never shall agtJn. R.B,ROS1MAN,totsStewardBut Anas.etrvtd and conswarea , » » a declne to fnrnl tbs request endorsehtoJTftoaJt* *•»»» sf |trs»•"*..•» *».fltoksjIt of ttoperbaps, for the friends of those who hare beta deprireathat tha respectable portion of thto community and thewho came to tee me was a respectable married woman States, r ^ ^ ^ ^ ^ S S o f ^ h e C a i t o d Stototj**e, to h a aarhsr works of American scenery,i«amorathanhedoestotheseambitioussfforto. oftohorsadaaopeadefianceoftow.ThesuccessIhaveto our ideas of order and usefulness, as are the heavenly the highest esteem.wandeierajust spoken of. Aad yet, who can say—who Now let us see at Dr. King did In Greeee. Some with whom 1boarded some time previous to my entering T/nirtd areS £ ^ £ 5 ? and * ^ * £ , $ £press will not encourage a lawless outrage upon the fruitsWHyeeisagi he bought s piece of land for about $1,000.According to the plan e f th e city of Athens, s publicmat withto n y endeavors to please thepubtie has arouseddare ray—that comets are sot performing as useful and sconcmtoal functions, and playing s s Important a part to the great design of God't universe, as do the mors soberthe bark Anna.In regard to the cruelty on board tb e Anna, I appeal to»7to> cftime * * W * i % E S E t e adjusted, that many cmsnuua.^^toaveettoOKK Ul Las a W.,Bto U,1 *epiy to**•» satsome natural jealousies, and I must submit to detraction_ .«am tt ttati esaAiasrtoaa drama?DION BOURClCAULT.OofI hiitJ u*.*r*-»—•*••• —»—— -~» »%*•**« vwuwuu^tM aUU gGatOrtal balloons, dtVA** to tilessatmtrti»ai vm*,t ^ . - _ . . . j _ J urea of balloons, ever enigmatical, until we study aad"niggerstory,'ittomystory,andatrueone—toot-ue,gg?,*? %-Jwnt house, and soon died. The deceased vast and unexplored region indeed; and yet from it we iof thrtot by John. Mr. Otrtsr doss sat ha. r^.*"*totorwara old, probably died from someatbe resfwetiWe^ - •— retonf ,h,h^,1" • -* S t deato of k» faUter"ftssHr » * * L!!^J^5! w. * *«. *•I £ J i ^ S r ^ J £ £ L £ "***»*. *n *n »* was suddenly •utSuncV If w e take weight as a computation of sub-yen HorsTos.—The gajslasdwhere maty Turks remained since the Greek revolution, mocratx paper," hss nominated Generalstott -L •* addedaeacvwaassnwtta,acbeatweaxapiartebdal»ada, hveTry. .feawomi inruetaet*oreJ J ^ cThomas M. TryniskidadnlutodtoWtsrs devoting to It Its whole body, to -J^itaeousltosnocesn of qutcksOrer covering tbeUntitled Docworld thirtyumentremonstrances of that of Greeoe, on the scandalous conduct of Dr. King, dismissed htm tw o years ago, and ap- having the facts laid before a wise and dtooerntog pub icdiplomatic agent. «*"'IJMIV *t / ltoat-rsv 1+as at Oople—where the Americans m a l e sIn perusing yoar most valuable paper of the Mb Inst, in duty of the «totonnto • • * « » * * . " • "I Lnited\*tates,espectol^tototojo«»^ , ^ —square would cover s portion of Dr. King's property. toe public at Urge. Does tt took reatoasbto that six men to lccemntty rather than sacrifice yean of ww», — ^OTJR F c o e r a imy works—they may be vary poor things; bst poor sstheare,theyaremine,thesweatofmybroir,thebread andregularbedtesofhishandicraft*Tbsfactto,weof my family. I bow numbly to any criticism upon theirmerits,butwhenIheyarestolenittoaaunworthyacton donotyet fairly understand theorder ofthecomets,the part of certain journals to hound on the thieves and becaute we do not understand the elemental conditiontoshelterthetheftundertheabusetheyoastuponmy of their motions sad movements, and,untilremonstrances. Is It probable that while dramatic works we d o , w e cannot fully appreciate theirso humble and so worthless as mine are that treated thatdramattoauthorsofgreatermeritwillariseandsacntioe and their harmaonytothegeneral wellbeing Greekgovernment$-26,000,fortheSI,000investmenthe Thompson,theConsul,wasabsent Andaatoitbeti$a tenabroadbebetterdenned.Thatthebeerstw* theirUvea,hopes,sadaspirationstofoundaad createanfused.Somattersstoodformanyyears,until1863,by talityoftheofficerswithouttbecaptain'sknowledge,as meetsmeresinecurestofivesaawryB<estto»«pew»**»roeithe absence of the United States Consul s t Athens, Mr. T. of tbe Untied States; and many bave died st grto"Suchto the conduct of Dr. King, whom theptoos editorsuirn their elemental positions, and particalarly the of the Journal represent at s martyr. How can he com- of thtir livet I was glad the Bates were arretted aad ? £ £ ctltod swsTon V * ^ * - - ^£?U?e Mtototer or otherSuch barbarous treatmen^I hare never before witness-;. ten of the ^ J ^ V n d tf suchIn tbe Llanos of Barcelona the renowned sambo,r^J^^fn C«holding still their property which they bad before MSI. NxwYoBK, April*T. 1S«.•tdeat tf toe Untied States, sad placed hto brad of its editorial oolumns.aad afford evidesoe of the oftoeeldstature- Ittdotsetaea wwa apverwatiy a mtottoa fit, aad although naadi to con-• W i t o t a V - t otocbotsWorTa .3www.fultonhistory.com09Fulton New York 13069South4thStreet 