 *%At.-VIACKKBK.Soon after the rfryal {tarty had taken leave of the Mayor10ties from the or'gir.aJ order for the par;.da was Uwued THE PRINCE OF WALES. yesterday afteraoon —ntMBlUl. ORDERS, NO. 7.EiJkix;F.» STICKSFiawr tirntHMi V Y . *? 11., \is the one in *«hfth that bamboo oompWioeed indivihave been ee fortunate as to procure tickets that they0* . .<«.j , i ^ t «i,,.» ,. i i«. wounded leellng;, a i l (»aes-His Royal HighnessAmongwillreviewthedivisionupontheBatteryto-morrow,imthe Quakers.8KETCHE8 OF THE SUITE. be under tae orders of its own Brigadier.i t e star lard .< ,r..*n m o ifc^jr fiourwblDg Cltooy.T*« M en and Women Killen* the following are the orders to the Independence Guard,Erglebart Warre acd Mr. Jenncr are se<|relirics|fe a policeman guar!Is the entrance. As might be expected, Marseilles dr silk is ordered by some, on secnant or com- San Francif co dates to tept 29 are received by the ar- tho aiphcants far admission are numerous, and a crowtfirst of the Duke of Newcastle and the ot*icr of ffrd will loiter about e building till tbe source of attraction plexion or taste. The panto sre of black kersey mere, to rival of th« pony express. .Among Tnem.TIEPRUCEATTACKEDBTFEIALEito which has been delegated the honor of acting M an escort to the Prince:-.OESKRAI. OKHKRB.KO. 14.Twnurrii POCIMSKT, liroiMirDsacn OCABJ), 1NKW Yosut. Oct. • , 1S8C Jto pursuance of division and brigade orders, ^ meetwillassemblefor parade,tofoiluniform.M•»«re- ception o r t h e Prince o f Wales, on ftorsday, octuner U, Instant. The b.-aorof receiving the Prince •a*e»Lyons. ,There, with about twelve servantP, ver^r stoutcockneyieh,aping tb..ir Ecastera'appearancjiandYor1deports for New ork on TbuVsday mornlnef.* Those who su| that bis Royal Highness and suite dress for dinner very day are mistaken. There is littleceremony obser 3 in this respect, and the only peculi- arityabouttbei yaldining andsitting roomsistothe long,red,white idbluewaxcandleswhicharetowin- bly to be seen hi ning on the tables during tbe hours of gaslight.OUR BALTIMORE CORRESPONDENCE. BALTDtout, Oct. 8 , 1860.TJuRichmond Jfjp—Indignity to the Primce—En&utiasmfit tbe body closely, tolerably wide from hip to tho knee, tapering small to the footThis is the prevailing style, but there are some de--ji* Fsaa sco,Pept*j|£.3AJp.M. Arriver* 28th—Bark t i m e t , Honoiara.*"' 6»-.lej 26th— Ship EHoa for C 11*..: 28ih, Pampero, New Tork; Mo-8 Visit to Point Breeze Race Coarse and corung him to position in line haying been o ^ " * ?PBfc^ENTATION.torchlighi procession t o b e given 'n thisO O D I A V B T B S P R I N C E . »» - . — - « » . a wTHE RECEPTION IN N E W YORK TO-DAY,I.B.II.toReriewtheTroopson Horseback and in Unifora.IonHfcradeGround,ateleveno'clockprecisely(command- ants of com pan its not on the ground witn tneir commands at the hour named in order* will ncreaiter invariably be returned to Brigade Court Martial), Drum Major Smith, with the band and Held music, the calor sergeants and aen commissioned staff, wi 1 report to the Adjutant on. triof grounds-, fifteen mwutea before eleven o'oioclt. Field Lid staff (dismounted)*.11 report to tie Colonel at tne same hour and r la<vthedriftofthequestionsasked,and thlaiexpeej makes the Philadelphia reception Ptiil dullerThe party leave Philadelphia at half past nine o'< 'omorrow morning, b y special train, via Camden Amboy Railroad. Aft Amboy they will b e rfoeiv board the Harriet Lane, and taken to the Battery, «|..f»- ing there at about two o'clock. New Y orkers ^now v a t their reception will be ITbe public already know that the Prince reade jpe papers daily Seeing an account of tbe prowess of I is broher Alfred in to day's HKBALD, he read itjattenifv * el, and seemed deeply interested, and at its conclusion 'i |• d, "Airred has a gold trowel, and I haven't, bu< h e has 'po balls given btmi His receptions are just like mine,|'|itbe signs bis replies to addresses, and I don'tj"The Trince's valet says that Ibe Prince and;staff wldressed in uniform upon their arrival at Npw Yor morrow, and will take horses at the BatteryJ This Prince's wish, but not the Duke of Newcastle's, not certainly decided.This morning, accompanied bye'Mayor Henrprj, the rj party Tlsited Girard College, tne penitentlarjy' and mount park. Several of the suite visited ajso Ic'de. dence Hall, and other lions of the city.modaiiont,etc.,etc.I am not a sevete or ungenerous critic, but I feel com-pelled t o pronou toe a verdict against t h e thousand or two composing th i mob which disturbed the serenity of tbe Prince of Wal s during his stay in Richmond.Any amoqnt of luriosity within the bounds of decorum is excusable, but rhen i t goes beyond that i t becomes a matter for grave censure. "Let's take hold of him," said a parcel of boys and men, who ought to have known better, as h i i Ro|ai Highness was passing through tbe chambers of theiapitol on Sunday, and tbey seized h is arm by tbe half [dozen, accordingly; till, with a steadv and indignant gin ce, he awed them into more respectful bebevior .Happily such nstanoee or rudeness would inspire merited disgustm long the better part of the population; but the fact of t ich occurring at all is an unpleasant reminiscence of t ill royal visit to the capital of the Old Dominion. Had there been no other similar cases of dis order 1should ha dly have thought it necessary to give this prominence til the subject.It is evident m at Richmond can produce an unruly mob, and that bet police arrangements are inadequate, for during the le time I was there I did not succeedfromtheGityofChurcheswillsurpassanythingofthe kind that bas ever taken place In the history of torchlight processions. From ninety n>e to one hundred men will roan the drag rope, and an «xceivn t hand of music, with a drurl corps attached, will serve toenllven the, scene T ae Brooklyn delegation will b e received at Fulton ferry b y No. 36 Hose and several oyier New York coooaoias.8CGCK8TION TO PirPEBINTENOENT KBBNBDV. •ft* TO THE EDirOK OF THE HKRAU)InlyOurieditlon of tbis morning I see that Me Snperin tendfent Kennedy issued an order to the police directing tbenf t o jheep t h e streets through which the military pass! on ihe occasion of the reception of the Prioce of Walls clear of people and vehicles from curb to curb. Nowl ee the firemen a r e anxious to make a good apoear-and show off tbeir apparatus, let them have a >«clear t'» also. WUl Superintendent Kennedy issue, an or imiiar to tbe above for Saturday evenio*. Oct 1 2 ,By so doing he will oblige MAN I" FlRt£MEM. i A PBOMKNADE CONCERT.m "afSplendid Anticipations of the Royal front of City Hall, right ou Broadway, at quarter before eleven o'clock A M The band and drum corps will re-Forty,THE RECEPTION D» HEW YORK.To-day will doubtless he the occasion of one of theport t o the A tjtitant o n t h e parade ground, at half past ten o'clock A. II The resignations of Lieut. A. Boese, of Company B, and Lieut. Charles H. tones, of Company D, have been received and accepted. Uapt E D. Lawreuce, of Company D, will convene his command for an election for First Lieutenant, and notify the commandant of thetime selected for such electionBy order of George Lyons,ColonelC. I. BLAUVELT, Adjutant. The following are the rendezvous of the several regialthrong *ko wanted to go to the bail and coul ln't, arrang»ments have been effected whereby tbe ballroom,wittfetljjhe decorations, will be thrown open to the publie 4 Seifo'day, fr°m twelve o'clock M. until seven o'clockP. Hi During those houra a grand promenade concertwill be gpven, aj which all the original programme of the The grape crop In toe southern counties yields wellgrandest military exhibitions ever witnessed in this city, I menta mentioned:—Third regiment (Hnzzars), Colonel Postley, at Madison •ad, from all we hnve beard, it promises to be the most j park, at t •&o'clock A M.sueeeisful The aprii de ct»p$ hat been thoroughly Fifth regiment, J flerson Guard, Colonel Christian aroused, and fully alive to the Importance of the event, ' Schwarzwaelder. in Bond street, at eleven o'clock A. M.aad appreciating the ordeal they will undergo In being I eleventh regment, National Guard, Colonel Marshallreviewed oy those accustomed to. inspect the splendid • LetterIs, inLelayette place, at eleven o'clock A M Eieventnregiment,Washington Riles,Colonel Homersoldiery of Great Britain, oar several regiments have pre- { Bostwick, in Great lotos street, at ten o'clock A MThis afternoon the Prince went to Point BrWzo par-;,see the races, which were not very good. ; The bo in meeting one, bough staying at the hotel, inside andThe experiment o f ertkhiiflitpfc a camel «xpreas b e - tween I/;8 Angeios ace Kort Major was commenced oft the 21st. when the nrnt came', was dei-p*t< hed from L os Ai gelos •pared to tarn out with full ranks and display a degree of j discipline that will reflect credit upon the city and country of which they are n nert. In so doing, wane our illustrious visiters may not be astonished at the uniformity of the array, they cannot but be sur-prised at the perfection of our military ergan*.rations, the•stent of our military enthusiasm, and the moral strengthFiftyfifthr«K>ment,GardeLafayette,ColonelEugeneaBcounrementthattbePrincewouldnotfatten indeedastocauigravementoremarkthatwhatwasAs the readers of the HsHALO are already aware, the revenuecutter HarrietLane hasbeenplacedat thedisjoint convention to eirrt I'liited Stavs Senators. loe sumed a laktyike spread, and tbis, with tbe many inden- that tbelcholr beys of Trinity church were arrayed on seta...-, kJthougb w.itom a quorum, accepted andconveyed him and his suite to dliferent points. She will again act In a similar capacity to day. Leaving her an cb en-age off the Battery at eight o'clock this morning, shetations of the wooded shore, had a highly picturesque ef- Sunday last to surplices. Tney were about twenty in went into cuLvent'op » in the House. After twenty bal-will proceed to Amboy, and there await the arrival of thec,a ruing lo the Pifnce as she started:—"May luck go wld gation several months ago. and it was ouly after con- die, on motion of Mr Bo!brook, by 17 to 13. At th eyou. And, bedafl, I only wished an old shoe to fling siderably pressure on the part of the vestry and cong-e time of this arjonrnment tbe Senate ws? keeping op its or-alterjou,foritsnotthelikesofyez ascomeheroevery ganZUIDEbyaijouming.r-tnlimetotimewithoutaquo- day." ! - gallon t£e Rev. Dr. Berrian, tbe rector, was induced to rcm The Clerk of tneH use, accordingly trausmitted theA glimpse of the house st Mount Vernon, almost em adopt them. The use of tbe surplice on the part of the nne PV'r-eeolption of p.rijri:TrirriCnt t« the Senate, and that;thearmsofthesuperintendent,whostoppedhtm,and Columbussstnecuttersteamsuptheharbor:— iwouldnotallowhimtopens.InvainthePrincestrng- J gled and kiiked. The superintendent kept fast hold H*UD«4( AKTKRS OK Til* ARMY, \ , until Mayor Henry rushed up aad relieved bis Royal Nsw YOSK, Oct 10.18«0. ) i Highness from this International embrace. The super-It hi expected that the revenue cutter Htrrtet Lane intendent bowed low, and begged pardon, but, with thevloca anjournment tine cU Many of the members wbo votedfortheadjournmentlookparttotheproceedings.After r>-arsemo>l<ng the House adopted a resolution ap- pointing live members to confer with tbe President of the Senate and the Governor of tbe State relative to devising some plan by wbicb tbe organisation of tbe Senate may be jierfecudA Inter despatch, on tbe 25th, states that the six absent Sinators who had thus lar prevented the organiza- tion of tbe Senate, bad returnsd to Salem and purposed taking tbeir seats. No exo unation is given of tbe politi- cal cusequenr.es of their ren.ro, so the question now ap- pears to he whether the Souse was really adjourned tine die, FO:l at the gessitn cannot be renewed until tbe con- stitutional period arrive*.Ne»s is received lrim the Sandwich Islands to the Slh irstPrince Iot. brother to the King, sailed frim Honelola o n t h e 2 7 i b o { A u g u s t u>r V i c t o r i a , a n d i n t e n d e d v i s i t i n g San Krancisco before returning borne.T b e H a w a i i a n L e g i s l a t u r e a d j o u r n e d o n t h e 2 ° t h o i August.A large appropriation bill was passed, but there w a s no other change frm, ore nary public policy.A Chinese trader h s s boen permitted to sell opicra throughoutJhekingdom,peyirg $2,000per yearforths pnveiege. " \Ihe investigation into tbe American consulate af- fairsarereportedtobebringingto1'gbtaaoldand thiicughly orgacizcd system of abuses. It ap- peal E that tin ' i-nitcd profits of t h eCoisul, hrspital physician and purveyor of tbe port of Boron:ubaveaverageomorethan$40,000perannum, or more than three t.mi what they could leg timate.ying order, salutes will be fired from Forts Hamilton, Woodtbe names of some fifty firms who bave tention:i-signriled this in-SPECIAL ORDER NO. 117.The undersigned agree to close their stores on Thurs- day, Octjpber 11, at twelve o'clock:—SmyQiej Sprague A Cooper, Bailey &Southard,Marshall Oliver,Bliss &Grinnell,Jos w . Uorlies &Co., Walton & Archer,Stone, Bowman & Bliss, Almy, Patterson A CJ., Spaulding, Vail, Hunt 4 Co., James Kingon,Wilkinson, etetsou &Co, Faircbild &Faosltawe, Joseph Fisber &Co.,Tho*. alocomb,R e i m c o & M e c k e .J . & A . P e t r i e A: C o . , Morrison, Son A: Hoyt,Hook, a inner. A Co., E.StoneACo,Abernetby, Collins ,t Co., Barton,Thomas&Davis, Maltby, Vincent & East-wood, White,BramhallALock-wood.Motis, Hyde A Van Puser, Weaver, Richantsou A Co., GeoOpdyke.vCo.,And many others.Naw YOKE, Oct 10,18eb\ ) The Prince of Wales and suite, mounted aad m uniform,tU*p -r .rjnry ro'rht f » <*-i e « y the repeated pJ'-ytag intomedial* y a!'<er their reception by the M yor of the city at Castle >*an)en The marchInit salute w'Jl be paid in the usual man er in f-oot <> the City Hall Th« entire divi- s i o n « U i m a r c h U- o o l u m p a s t t h e f i f t h A v e n u e H o t e l a n d Madison square; after passing which, each brigade willBy order of Major Genera] CI ark - W. Hand ford. GEORGEW MORELL,site side of the tort Idor, fronting hU bedcbamlier. Asdurir?tbevisitifftheJapirtse this partofths house tapering es>all at tbehand,with a cuff, plain edfes; Arrival of tti« (jiitomia Pony K.xpreaswas partitioned eff from the remainder, so it is now, and black silk Ivest, to open low, with four-buttons; white rW JOSEPH, BO , Cm 10, I860.Le Gal, at the Battery, at eleven o'clock A. M. THE BROOKLYN MILITARY.Brigadier General Grooke has likewise issued orders to the effect that the Fifth brigade shall turn out to partici- pate in the ceremonies of reception. The brigade consists of the.Thirteenth regiment, Colonel Abel Smith; Four-carriage, said to be that used by Washington,jwts drl in sight of the party, ami their attention called This exhibition provoked more amusement.than rence, however. ;:fThe Prince returned to t h e hotel about f r o o'< There was the same crowd around the door landintended for res t had boiled over into adulation.The Prince and ulte drove to the railway station, ac-A severe tbonr.er aunui |>as«e4 over tbe central valleywill pass up the harbor, from South tinboy, soru3 time natural tendency to self-defence, asked, "Why didn't he sat down and remained seated while "HallColumb to-morrow, with l.»rd Renfrew on boardAs the cutter approaches Forte Hamilton, Wood and j speak:" "Oh," said the Prince, running ahead, "that was plsyed. The Prince seemed inclined to rise,but kiColumbus, respectively, a salute of twenty-one guns will ' would have sailed the j ike." The aitutc Philadelpaians his seat, apparently from a wish to avoid being sinMount, Stall A Co ,be fired from each in honor of that illustrious stranger. The commander of Fort Columbus will take measures lor firing the salute from Fort Wood as well as from FurtColumbus.By command of Lieutenant General ScottL THOMAS, Acting Adjutant General.T H E M I L I T A R Y D I S P L A Y T O - D A Y .We have to apprise our readers that in consequence oi joy the game, watch is not very greatly played in Eog cored. Brignoli received a merited encore for theHaynts, lord &Co., Jnbn Slade &Go.,G. Bfewi r kCo.,F. Skinci r .v Co., WillaM.jtWood &Co., Haslfhumt k Smith. WmiC ihanglty A: Co., Hy. A ifyroan * Co..C l . u r p h i l . i L g a l i s & C o . , C h s s i T p u r t i s ,IntelligencehavingbeenreceivedfromthePrinceof Wales by Major Gtneral Sandford, it is found necessary, at theeleventhhour,lomake semeslight amendmentsto the original orders issued for the military pageant.land, but the elements of which the Prince Is sa*d t:> have learned during his visit to Cremorn Garden. But Tew recognizedthoparty,evenattheclubroom,aad aftera short walk through the upper part of the city the Prince returnedtothehotelaftertwelveo'clock. Exceptatmancointheth*rdact.andwasapplaudedduring performance, which was an encecdiagly good one.!Theaudiencekepttheir eyes fixed ontheloyal b almost constantly, and the men seemed quite as ihqtLiliveasthewomen. , t After "Martha," the first act of tbe "Trasvintaf'given, with Colson and Errani, and Music as conductor. Thepeoplewenthomeaboutmidnight. Trieaf!'4irw^e&cb inolvidual had been instructed what to do, the Whole peoplecouldnothaveshowngreaterde'icacyoffeeltoarand consideration for the position be occupies in England, though without tbe Sihrhte8t surrender of their own claims of inde- pendenceofaction Tbeyhavealllookeduponkimasaguest, and reso ved to treat him as such, bu- without overdoing the character of boat. In return, cf course, every effort ha* been made,andshallcontinuetol>«madeelsewhere,tocratifythe amiable curiuaby of our good coming to see the aonof tbe tjueen, whom they love and respect almost as much as we do.In conclusion, 1 have to remark that it was owing to an alterationtotheprogrammesinceThursdaylastthathis Royal HigliLoss returned t o Washington by tho route heHowiii Ai Kicg, Antrbny! WhittemcreClJrk ? Geo.fB.'^tuart &Co., AJlrrJ. Hami&Co., Kessler H Co.,ThePrincethoughtitwouldbeuncomplimentarytotheFirst Division of New York military to review them in Niagara, this is the first time he has left his hotel atcitizen's dreas. He therefore proposes, in company with tbe militarymembersofhissuite—General Bruce,the Duke of Newcastle and Colonel Teasdale—to review them In an official capacity, to full uniform, mounted on the name borsea used in bis tour through Canada. On h i s a r r i v a l a t C a s t l e G a r d e n , f r o m t h e r e - venue cutter Harriet Lane, he will appear to eitiaen's drees, and be received by Mayor Wood, the heads of departments and t h e members o f the Com- mon Couxcil The Twelfth regiment, Colonel Daniel But- terfleld, three hundred strong, wilt act as the guard of honor to the royal guest and form a military cordon on either side of tne passage way trom the landing place to t h e point where the civic reception ceremony will take place. After the ciyle reception, the Prince andnight on foot, and he eajoyetl this attempt at dissipation. Soonafterhereachedthehotelaprocessionofjabiiaut torch bearing Cur tin m e n surged b v in crowds almostthe military portion of his suite will retire to high, narrow head, dark brown,close cut hair, retreat egwc anticipate that the good breeding of those who nttend ttati m. Among the objects of interest they passed we * j mittee. Those who imagine that the sterner sex are ia- will rtiider their application quite unnecessary, it itapartments provided forthepurpose,aad thereex-change their civilian dresses for their military, whenthey will appear on the parade groundmounted, accompanied by Major General Charles W. Sand-ford and staff, when a grand review of the troops willtake place. The ranks of the line of troops will be opened,tbe officers to tbe front of the troops. As the reviewingparty reach the right of the several battalions the bandswill play, drum ruffled, colors drooped, arms presented,and with honors usually paid to the Commander in Chief.After t h e review t h e Prince a n d suite will d i s -naouiu and be escorted to the carriages expresslyBar their use, when the royal party, his HonorMAIor Wood aad the Common Council—all under one can mistake the Dake. Often, in ballrooms, whenthe escort of the Washington Gray troop, Captain •tending with his back to the people, strangers point him J. M. Varian.and tie National Guard troop, Captain N. B. out, and, judging from the heavy, determine! make of hisjdilkreattosuchmatters,andthattheywillcontentthemMonument, on Mount Vernon place, and the me|ble o j j selves with a simple compliance with the general rule in the gentjemen who compose tbe royal suite than has hith-rtryhalt,whiletheqarrtagesoftheroyalsuitealightGESrKEAI. BaTCl. frontottheCityHall, alter whichthetro..M will GeneralBruceisthePrince'stutor,residentwithhimpass to rev tew. The military will continue the march op at Oxford. He is a tall, well male, very handsome man Broadway uat.l the ri*ht of the column reaches Grace with iron gray hair, side whiskers and mustache, high, church, when the troops will be wheeled into line of bat round forehead, and looks every inch the gentleman and tie The Prince and party will then retake tneir car- soldier. General Bruce is the most polished in mini and riages, and, under escort of two squadrons of troops, pass manners of the whole party, and is a general favorite,•eaeral Sandford will then take ane;igiWe P*mon mCan* square ap lo Seventeen** street, across Se.-en- tea%ih street to rifto avenge, andthance up tbe avenue totnehotel. Atth»petaltheheadofthemilitaryinterfere with tbeir arrangements or dictate tbeir mode mir. Being somewhat poorly pabvided withclothlng.besaw Mr Lent's overcoat in tbe "depot, and thought that would keep blm warm. He borrowed it accord toffy of Mr. Lent Mr Uut oid n * like the way Bsy had of oerrow- togtbiegs,and had him arrested. When tokenitocus- tody, Ray was very drank—bad been imblbtogJ » seta, to keep tbe eoid out and stop tbe rheumathun. The tnere was clearly enough proven, and Justice Parmenter Bess him down to tlie Penitentiary lor s period of six Bsontns,missed.hM hroken more female heart, d u n D f ^ J ^ £ " • tbe bouse, which they did without being to tttjJiT other one of tbe suit*, and Is overwhelmed with atJL CTowder:—a pleasant sircumstance to those who bMtious ceri to-give offence, and tbey must submit to various 8om«> idea of the effect produced may be Imagined when unjust »rd tyrannical acts of Parliament. In Upperit is known that old gentlemen—sixty and seventy years oi age—have been wrought up to such a hljh state oi anxiety and nervousness to regard to tbe cut of their coats and the set of their vests and pants, that they have made fiveorsixcallsontheirtalorstothecourseofasingle day. AH the clothiers along Broadway and many in other streetsateemployed,andsuchisthedemandfcrgoodTbe baiid of the Twelfth rfgime&t has been detailed b yLieutenant Central debt) t > proceofl o i the cutter HarrietLane to Ambry, to accompany the Prince t > this city, . conqcesu, which almost equal those of the Major.pronounced, and begged very bard to be let off net u » and tha| tbey should feel insulted. Romanists had no justice was inexorable, and tbe bedlmmed rays of ray»i did not know the little Prince.Taking advantage of this fortunate ignorance, theNext came the opera of "Martha," with Patti, Brigm Formes and Natali. Natali is a good contralto, an 1 the only artist in the cast unknown in N ew York. arti-tf exerted themselves to do their best," and eJ-i-T \m ••-r,NEW YORK HERALD, THURSDAf r; il iIP"= •waw»w»w»waii'."'wpawwaaajr. ,JP.IIJI..IIII,III,* .ii a i i m j . n . 1 1 ^UUHIIMMI'Division Engineer, 4cting Division Inspector. bably ride in the procession. v |-'i**•>zttt, Mt.ntlac.Tbe tini> i l a r k . s of interest occurring in thetion there, and the Prince talks freely of his*xpectal upon ihi* command «y Major General BBBTatfoi-d,**»°oto- In regard to tbe military parade Will me ^ceptioiis emtrket ward movement in Rio u n*o and raw sugars. There inthe Public Institution*.GREAT OPERATIC EFFORT. the inspection parade Line will be formed on Washing- martial music, as the Japanese Princes wdrerIn the grandcity en Saturday evening in t.mor o f tho ?riaco of Walcns, tbe BrocBjlyn Fire Department will be repreeentfl by Montank Engine Company No. 22 Exteisive prepara-a strong ir.de demand «cr Rio,with sales at 16^c anel confidently expect* that every member wtu not only parade b u t observe the most sc» upulous CAre as to t h e neatnesssadappearai.eeof hison.form onthe oecsslon, Ud devote every possible leisure m<»meot to the drill MOSSfordiscipline andinstruction,pre?iJUStothisandas grand as that of the Japanese ? When thelPrlnso Iat the Batt?ry will he be escoVted upBroilway,lj id with people, gay with flags, thunderous with cheersj •SC n i- with sales a t 8>,c. and upwai to. Transactions in other goods wo e of m IMr importspcc, but tbe urmness of the mar-ket is unabated.Butter bowtver, is drooping rapidly, an.1 quotationsby sales of Isthmus at 20c a 28c Domestic liquors bave itiii an upward tendency. There is km doing to wheat, no vessels being available, for shipments. Prices are un- ohsngedOn tbe morning i f the 27tb, tbe o i l Musical Hall boill- log, at .be corner of Montgomery and Bosh streets, 9as Francisce. was destroyed by fire. Loss about $60,000Tbe first ton of silver ore from the new Coso mines ar- rived at San Fiancisco on tbe 27th. It is of a high de- gree of richness.The ship George Lee bas been chartered for Hong Eons, taking a cargo cf flour and wheat.Favorable accounts have been received from tbe party eigagedindiggugwellstothedeserton theroutefrom San Bernardius to Fort Yuma Three weiis, having a n abundance o f water , bave been completed. T h e lastBy orcer of Colonel Ditoiel Buturfleld, HENRY A . BOsTWICK,AdjutantGKNKRALORBBR9, NO.11. HiiixiUAKTUw Qcium RKGHUUTT, WASHIHGTOHGRAYS,1 NBW Y oak, Oct 6 , lhflO JPursuant to brigade order, torn regiment will parade in full uniform gray pantaloons (field and staff mounted), on Thursday, llth inat Line wilt be formed in the Park,teenth regiment, Colonel A. M. Wood; Twenty eighth stairs, and a number <f ladies clutched alIhe overiand immigration was arming *n considerable numbers TbesuokIFiu<xcnlietitcooiition. Theprin- cipal par. of tbe immigrant* ure from Illinois,Minnesota,reception here tae been very dull, as regards the people generally, and the excitement, such ss it is, has been confined to certain not very large classes. Actually thistbe royal party directly to their box, on the "grand ; which bad been very nicely fitted up for them.fect, and the eye lingered long in contemplation oi its numberl and presented quite an imposing appearance. beauty,lot*, without any cbcioe. the joint nonvention adjourned tine air. ea"b branch of the legislature returning tostsThe decorations of tho house were vory meagre*, amoj royal train, when the distinguished party will afternoon some of tbe people in the lower part of the city ing altogether to a few plants in pots, the Prince'sOn went tbe s&amer, an Irishman on tbe wharf ex The vestments were m&dc up by the ladies of tbe congre- separate organization. Tbe House soon adjourned intinJOBinthe foyerand thefurnitureoftheroyal Invited guests will go in her to meet the porters at the Camden and Amboy Railroad depotdid When tbe Prince entered the box he sustained an]embark and be brought to the city. Several did not know that the Prince bad arrived, and the verynot know at what hotel he stops.A few hundred people stand around tbe hotel all day.mense amount of staring with tolerable,equanimity,' bowed In acknowledgment of the very loud palvo of] plaute that greeted him . The conductor^ Maretabowiict. in foliage), was succeeded by a full view of Fort vVashicgU'n. Moreover, it had a very gloomy and patched up appearance. 1BALTIMORE.choir wfll be continued on Sundays scd holidays terGGESTIONS FROM CORRESPONDENTS.As Is jjisual on occasions like the present, wearc in re-body laid it oo tbe Ubl•••. The Oregon State constitution contains a clause which says Leitber House shaii have the power to adjourn without the consent o f t h e other for s longer period than thr<e Jivs.In, eeuate r»(used to aoHHim, aad insisted that the ad- journment of tbe House was without their consent, and was uuocotutujUoB«l, while on the other hand tbe mem-Prince, among whom we may mention Lieutenant GeneralBoott, Col. L. Thomas, Assistant Adjutant General; Col. H.L. Scott, Aide de Camp: Col. E W. Keyee, Aide de-Camp;Dr. K. S. Satterlee and Dr. H. Crane. There will also be their way up stairs, hang around the door of his apart- waved his baton, the curtain rose, and diaaevexedThe scene was a very brilliant one, every occupied, and the people in full dress, Philadrfbbia st I'atti sang tbe opening stanza of " God Save Vie'Qae« and Formes followed her with a verse for th« Princeand a number of the army and navy officers attached t) orderly but very dull.this station. The Governor's Island band has been de- When the Prince arrived at the hotel yesterday after- tached for service on the steamer, and * ill furnish the I noon he sprang out of his carriage with his usual agility,1Music of the occasion. Flags are to be displayed from all , and to avoid the crowd rushed for the stairs, and Intothe public buildings, and, as will be seen from the follow- I *fallows:—(1ception.| Tbe Idea is an emphatically good cne, and willdcubtles? be put in execution by a majority of the mer-chants of the city, and their clerks will be affirded anopportunity of witnessing a display the like of whichorgan izol without a quorum. Suon after t h s determination of tbe Senate not to aijoura became known, and after many of the members of the Mouse had lelt for their bomes. the Speaker of the House cmvened all ihe members of the latter body that tbe Sergeant at- Arms could poaeibly drum up, and proceeded t o d o bus 1.About fifty, mostly ladies, who have fought or bribedpresent General Wool and staff, consisting of Major George ments, and touch him curiously as he slips past. There isDer, Astistant Adjutant General; Captain A. H. Arnold, no general enthusiasm, the whole afiair being like aMr. [Augustus Schell, Collector of the Port of New York, Quaker meeting, and, like Philadelphia generally, very anthem, when the house rose.parties ppon diflerent subjects. To-day, however, theand si,me ofthe committee, who accompanied them to burden |f ibeir song appears to be the closing of the bers of the House c!aim that there was no| Prince, General Bruce and four or Ave others of the suiteleft the hotel last evening, and made their way unrecognized through the crowd, and started for the tenpin Brignoli seemed inspired. The gem of the perform a l l e y a t t a c h e d t o t h e G e r m a n C l u b . T h e P r i n c e i s w a s P a t t i ' s " L a s t R c e e o f S u m m e r , ' ' w h i c h t h e h i i n t e n s e l y f o n d o f t e n p i n s , a n d t a k e s e v e r y c h a n j o t o e n - h i s s u i t e a n d t h e w h o l e ' a u d i e n c e e n t h u s i a s t i c a l l y*•J*T&Has,.ea«ce &Co..on; Swan wick & Co.t Lindsay k Co., Ela|k*:Guild.y, Ireneau &Co.,chin, large, expressive eyes, and very pleasant manner. He has an awkward habit of stooping as he walks, and a general resemblance to his mother In her youthful days. He will prDbably be dressed in light hat, dark blue ffrock coat, and light gray mixed pants. His pleasant air and manner win all hearts, and his graceful responses to popular cheers always bring renewed applause.TOT e n s or SIWCASTLI.the two hundred feet Doric column of tbe Wan^lngU ;|i in-n of the Battle Monument, in memory of thsie wJ B regard to a black dress suit and wbite necktie, or blackfurther suggested that more attention should be showntopowerful frame, say, "That is the Duke." TH* EARL ST. (iHUUSS.Cnder the command of Marshal Kane, the petioe rirgements were excellent. . # Lspeak of the other items, including embroidered shirtbosoms, and, extraordinary as it may appear, crinolinedshirt breasts; for aHer all the ridicule which has beenheaped upon this commodious, expansive, light, airy, ele- principles. They may well erect arches, for they are theleeLaughlia, a portion ef whom will act an an advanceguard, aud t h e others ride o n either side o f the openmanages, tbltowtng the military column-will proceedfrom tbe Battery up Battery place to Broadway, thence pleasant faced gentleman. He is the best dressed man of•p Broadway to Park row. through Pa,K roW to ^ ^ . t the party. He wears his hat slightly cocked, and affectsgate of the Park, where the miliu^ wUl make a tempo- jaunty, Palmerstonian airs. His office as High Steward tbetr visit to Baltimore had aflorded them, enteredor upper servant of the royal household, places him above their company. The Prince and suite, Mayor Wood and all but a Royal Duke in rank.royal car, which, preceded by one containing the CtUants,movedawaytowardstheQuakerCity,in>tbemioi enthusiastic cheering from those on the platform. 1lumbers gathered at the wayside stations were iewl cow ,;*rtdwithoihfrplacesIcouldname,andeveninr*hitThey, are formed of steel ribs, and arc fastened round the bodybymeans ofhooks andeyes—anotherin novation against Which the ladies bave every right to exclaim. The object of this crinoline arrangeis an iE»titu'.ion in Upper Canada. It is connected with the goT-rrnsrent:itscolorsare.wornintheParliamenthouse. To rcc Upper Canada without seeing its Orangemen w a sLSe it all. The Prince is not to blame iu th? mat- was anxious t<> land; and will yet,we arc riflewiththebraveandloyalmen'wboaretrie pillarsortheBritishmonarchyintheWest.TheThe Earl of St. Germans Is a tall, thin, gray-haired,The Prince and noblemen and gentlemen of the guihaving taken a kind leave of the Mayor and membera gant and Indispensable article of female attire, the gen- men by: whose stout hearts and strong arms rebellion waswptheiroateftbemilitary line in consequenceofhis especiallywiththeladies. Hewill ride in thefirstcar- Onthearrival ortbespecial train at the'statione nit requested to leave aside their offensive trap- slhe Romith University at Quebec was visited, diesse> received from the heads of the college ana muchabusedarticle to*hich wehave alluded. In the theRtn|1shhierarchywithintheirownwalls. TheUrsu-Soya! Bigness approachicg the military from the left oftho line, m> salutes by the drams, bands or coiomwill be given. After tbe last carriage of theparty react,s the right of tan troops, the litterwtll wheel into column by campnnim. and marchap Broadway with the Prince's cortege. Thar Gen. Bruce. remainder ot the route will bo araami the east side ofBroad ana Prime streets, soon after four o'clock Prince was met by the Mayor, wbowelcomed hinUo city in a few words, after being presented bv LordLvo»h,« ;',?^K°wbe »»*»•« ""verallyintrrxiuoad^ ibiB, when the Msyor conducted b i s Roval HisM oneotthecarriagesinwaiting,and taking hisi#mt life h m with lord lyon. s i i tho Duke* of N P oppmte, the party drove directly to the ConThere was a rush of five thousand or so to mt a'ilta o f t b e i l . u s t r l o u s v i s i t e r a s h e s i u s e a r n e d a w f * alter that all w ts quiet till the arrival at tbllhv,wberealarrecrowdhadcollected, owlnr.hii-eiarticle of neckties we have seen such a variety as renrt«*e after the Prince. * LOBJ> LTtnrs.A 'rtLordLyonsiasowellkno*nthathedoesnotneeddee- "*"«»• ^wyonetogaWtoanebtettnrk.pieaAantface. «•[-»»ebnrgeofmeroyalpartyhere,endwillridewithlatestFrenchstyle,withpointsorendsofthefinestlace. The variety of tb^se has been the cause of much annoy ance to the way of making a choice, for even go slight a thing has become a matter of tbe highest import nice,a n d a s u b j e c t t h a t r e q u i r e s n o s m a l l c o n s i d e r a t i o n .monstrations made in hishonor by theOrangemenofUpper Canada Tbis treatment of the Orangemen wen apiece c | unaccountable folly. Orangeism la a legal Insti-tution in Canada, its external displays are legal, and onlythree years ago tbe Orangemen were received at the Gove r r n <-ut B o u s e . W h a t r i g h t h a d t b e R o m a n C a t h o l i c s t o_ ^*A-»oa masDAL, ano curtain enAT.,'e'r.or akv lr •i all JwriOuH«r»>TlRSgreet the party t ofJtia—h'tithusiaimofthePe>i>U—QuartersoftheJPrinSat the Conlimtntal— He Occupies th> Suae Roowkas d\'";;the Jaj-anae Pruur*— Incidents, dx. J j r ' jAND SUNDAY.WHAT T*HI GENTLEMEN SIIALL WEAR A T THE BALL.We bave described the dresses which are t o b e wcrnvery tall and very thin, and his light hwr aa4.Uivi«| *ners,comprisethepartywhovisitNewAll are in a flutter of expecUt'on in regard to thepartures, from it, to suit charge will be very slightindividualtest*, bnt t h eran Ir-sUad of trotting, for the first time on this cot The party were regaled with luncheon by the direciVeryfewpersons were present,to consequence(/nuisance by thei ells, shouts and pushing propensities.Altogether, howi er, Richmond, for its size, carried awaytbepalmintheelthueiasmofitsinhabitants,somuchover o n l hundred performers—the orcheetra for dancemusic, under tbe direction of Jos. Noll; the promenademusic b^ Ihe Seventh regiment band, under the directionof their leader, Signor Grafulla The tickets to all partscreased on account of tin *n at number of new vineyards winch have rommei red tw-ari->g.A large immigration is reported to be on the way from SaltIjiketoh«nB.marcitoanilothersontherncounties, composedpartiallyo'EisieruimmigraiiU,butprinci- pally of dissatisfied Ka«i.i*presented byabody oftroopsboundtogetherbynostronger bonds than their individual inclinations. They regiment, Colonel M. Bennett; Seventieth regiment, Col- passed and tried to catch bis band. The laj willsee,Inaword,andtoitsmostexpressivesense,aonelSamuelGraham.Thebrigadeisorderedtoformindutyherefrommorningtillnight,andpr andcommitteeandthetrainwassetinmotionaviolentbeissueI.TherewillbenoformalreceptionbeyondtheWiso<isinandIo*arepresentative specimen of the independent oitizon soldiersofAmerica,THE KECEPTION BY TBG UNITED STATE3 AUTHORITIES.ions learned during the Japanese visit. ThesamecrowdwerearoundthehotelwhetsthePrjstarted for the Opera. ; | TUBPRIKCBIIITTtKOPERAHOfSB.| *When the Prince arrived at the theatre, at live mil pest eight o'clock, be was received with cheery by a > largecrowdcollectedinfrontofthedoors. I|had' expected that some of tbecommitteewou}|have'tbe reception of the Prince of Wales in New York. H is presented at this point; but Consul Kortwrigbl condumatter <5f course the Liturgy of th e Protestant Episcopal churchwillbeadheredtothroughout,withoutdoviitioB. It bas nlfyet been ascertained wbo will preach the scrPHILADELPHIA, Oct. 10, 1860. Publiccuriosity,sswellinthiscityasoutofit,seems position of the Prince by the President, and has already to overlook Philadelphia altogether, and fix itself uponreached Petersburg, tbe birthplace of Washington, six lymilesfromRichmbnd,therainhadceased,andthedayprcmUed fair again. Sixteen milts further on was the Ac-quia Creek terminus, where the party alighted, and, aftera short delay, ernbarked on the steamer Powhatan, mon'biit it is supposed it will be the Rev. Pr. Vinton. which hadbeen[specially chartered forthis service. In'connectionwiththis subject it maybe remarked OwingtoseveralinletsthewatersofthePotomachereas-line at ten o'clock AM , and proseed to the Battery, New York,wheretheywilljointheFirstdivision.TTTT?PnTKriTR TUTPHITATiKrPUTArain storm set to, accompanied with vivid Hashesof ract of s «ne of the members of the vestry meeilog him lightning, which nai the effect of thinning the number orspectators a'onglthe road. By the time thetrain (?attbeh^telandaccompanying himtothechurch AsaIte latest news from Oregon comes by overland mail to Tnka, the northern termiiiiiH of Uw California Veiagrapa sysem.nodisthenceu)e«raohedtoSanFr.mci.-co.The aC'.oui ts bave heoom- cenfosod and mnlradiotory, rendtiingitdifficulttoarriveattbecorrectconditionof affaiis or me 2i>ih nit., .i, - laieetdate.The best staumrDt ' h a t c u e b e made from con- flicting accounts is, tfc«» on the 20ih tbe Bouse passed a resolution trvi^ng the Senate to meet inlina Patti, Brignoli, Formes, and the chor cbestra then played the first bars of the Bri!The special trtjin which conveyed the party from ceipt of a large number of communications froa different Washington to this city arrived at the station h<relongmaythePrinceabir'e, England's hope,joy and pride;:LonglivethePrince;May England's future King Victoria's virtues bringTo grace his relgt—runnethhotInthememoryofman. Thefullowingare i.-e*slorseveralhou-s.takingnonoticeoftheirpre-God save the Prince.After which there was much applause, and everynice'y arrarged, and in every w ay successful. (The i i had previously travelled1, and quartered here for the endless, for victory always brings recruits, and every ceipts of tbe bouse are said to be over six thousand oV ' night. The previous intention was to go via Norfolk andarjjiirgton correspondent, who writes as one who liar/ been.News had been received a t Honolulu from t h e Kodiac,loafer along t h e street joined t h e procession. A s they p a s s e d t h e P r i n c e w a s s e e n a t t h e w i n d o w , t h e D u K e o f Newcastle, In shirt sleeves, peeping through the bliuds, and the procession cheered, first for Honest Old Abe, and then for the Prince of Wales.la?B.|theChesapeake.*s, shys that the Prince has the Intuitive penetration a s w j 14 a * a l l t h e s o c i a l t a c t o f b i s r a c e , a n d , l i k e h i s r, possesses a combination of reserve and suavity. all fhis he has a rare perception of haman nature, i vicing a t a glance t h e true lady aud gentleman, them according to tbeir merit—either with thatiattng courtesy which sneaks his pleasure, or a high dignity whkh at once forbids Intrution.Bristol and Arctic whaling grcurd to tbe latter pert oi J u l y a n d b e g i n n i n g o f A u g u s t . T h e s e a s o n ' s c a t c h s o f a r had yielded but a slirn average.Forty-four vessels had been reported from the ArctiO and Kodiac, averaging lar less than 100 bbis.YVts^trip Abrabim i't'ki r, after thirty six months' cuisirg. arrived at U!..ium .August 20, with 1,400 whale, •200 bbis. sperm, 14 000 lbs. bone.Arrived at Honolulu. Aug. 16, ships Polynesia, San Francisco; 21st, Hindustan, do.;23d, Harriet &JtStte, do.,That the New Y orkers, when theymorrow, may not not mistake a footman Tor the Prince and John Thomas for General Bruce, it may bo well to sketch the party in brief. The illustrated papers give no idea of the looks of the royal party.THA PR1NC1 Or WALK.The Prince Is of short stature and slightly built, with aThe Pfjar'ure frctn Baltinunre and Arrival af. Phildii | ARRANGEMENTS FOR FRIDAY, SATURDAYOUR PHILADELPHIA CORRESPONDENCE., I FHlLADBU'HI.A. Oct. 9v t860.THE CITY DOINGS.>I**ithe committee, to whom they expressed the pleastriisbt-.f in Lower Canada, as it once was in Ireland, and tlemen Bave literally taken the crinoline to their bosoms. tb'- colapy preserved' to tbe British crown. Orangeism*-;lShortlybeforeelevenhisFoyalHighnessandp*rtyle(' bytheladies,but asyetnothing hasbeen saidaboutOurcorrespondentsuggests that these hints may be anlproceededforHocgKong.Arrived at Baker's Island, August 6, Ship Morninguseful in -connection with the ball to-morrow evening: but I.igtt, Honolulu. Bailed Ac ust 14, ship Flying Mist,ILi:.. t' ii P. -ads, with 1 922 tots of guano.At co. August 15, ships Red Rover and Morning Light,forIi«.o.jtonRoads,loadingguano. t.D o m m l c > » w i Items.CojmriTBD SOB KILUNG A SLAVS.—Tbe Coroner yester- day, say a the New Orleans Crescent of t h e 28th alt., ex- amined the witnesses in theroatter"ofthe killing- of the s'ave n-an Louis, belonging to Mr. Btllaud, b y Dr. Wil- liams, in the Magazine market, on the 13th tost., ha giving the negro a blow on-the head with bis cane, which subsequently resulted in death, at Mr. Billaud's house .a tbe lbitd district.Jeap Mar*e Bertie Kworr—I was in the market and saw tbe allair; a gentleman whom I know by sight, but whose nsme I do not know, was cr.wsing the market with athe hotel in o|>cn carriages, accompanied by thf Mayo! f" and ei i,jed a pleasant drive on their way to the^allwi fwhat the gentlemen are gojng to wear, beyond tho mure j intimation conveyed in the notice published by the cora-dress coat, black pants, wbite vest and black necktie, A frapment of the gTeai crowd that had gatfifcred I are very much mistaken. They are hardly less exactingerto be*h bestowed to tbis quarter—a thought that m ay be worth remembering.fell while defending the city In 1814. . J |front of the hotel ran after the carriages for a cqpBiaer [ble distance. Passers by halted, and so lined th^ptree [, so extravagant to jewelry, yet In the way of breastpin?,tinger rings, watch chains a n d gold vest buttons,fT10NS IN CANADA. [From tbe Perry Sentinel.]as tbe carriages were seen approaching, and thecttriosi 'of the people was only equalled by their evident respec j which, In some instances, are set with preciousThe Duke of Newcastle. Colonial Secretary, and Guardi-an of tbe Prince, is, from his Independence, surnamed the"Stern Duke " He is tall, very stoutly built, with fine largefeatures and heavy red beard, sprinkled with grey. No rl*ce»—the geieral public being debarred adtnissi '? 'little beyond that mark. The most costly cloths havedeiphiaitselftthheepopulardemonstrationwasSligl'% ment,itisalmostnecessarytosay,Istoprebut this w»j- ail the more agreeable to his RoytUHij I vent that most disagreeable uf all things, a collapseNewcastle acted most unwisely. There was noneamishntf- shown to Lower Canada. Romisha-tre received with their mitres and their crosses; man probably twenty one years of age. was arrested icnt«b. The fcusiiutLnrma river, which was crossed • \ I of tbe shirt breast—a casualty which ts not by any meansthe usual ferry steamer, revived recollections Barrisburg wfceie it wan first sighted. The «was tine, and the journey devoid of more than ordi incident. ^ ^ ?unfrequent to the ball room, and for the prevention of which th e gentlemen are primarily indebted to thattbe Union depot last evening, bv off.osT Taplin, on a cbarte of stealing an overcoat of Robert Lent, an em- ploj e of rce of the railroad lines centreing here. When brought before Justice Parmenter this morning, Bar said be was a printer, but bad been incapacitated from followtrg his trade by a severe attack of rheumatism, and being unable to support himself any other way.be biredorttoone oftbe classofsharperswho annually assemble a t county and State fairs and other gatheriafs, andbymeansofsweatboards,roulettetables, ta.,swin- dle Ihe bard working farmers out of tbeir earnings.. Hd got a dollar a day for attending to the proptktort In- terest in a sweat board. In his peiefrtoatlons heTturned op at our county fair, and when that was broken up hew a s t o g o t o Q m t r a a n d s e e k , h i s f o r t u n e a t t h e S t a t oonmmn will ball until the Princeshall be positioned ia an ^rTnalr a a T t*T* "* TM«.««»d. with light,•Itgible place, after which the troops will pay a mirching LlmLanm* 1 ^ 5 ^ ^ « — • He is oi>e on lh«stBPt strut, wen expected, T#>y *bow that tbe gentlemen arc en greatly ex- majority, and things must be done, and things most notD - Captain Gray Is distinguished tat heavy black side whiskers, trimmed ia Seventh regiment style, and fur biscrushed at R ckmond. f-j|fCanada Romanists are in the minority, and Protestantsthere are virtually told tbe same story b y t h e Duke o f at bard labor. Rsy cried like a child when senUoee wast from tbe a i r sex. * " *There w a s a gtneral feeling o f diaappototmeei a # l this, and the multitude remained lor heurs sa**v J , wards towards tbe windows of the apartmenu "oetSoDt' by the d»stipguished travellers. Untitled DocumentTlusearconthofirsti\>oronChestnutstreet, satte trui were deleted to tie use of the Japtl bassadors. They are much Inferior to those which, item at the Gilmer House, Baltimore, wbere the affaBimintsaava«,..>•••*•'<.»',•,!.-Tip<».;,„„>„CI*if> ui royal carriage having been driven to Ninth street entrahee, instead of the % ivbaa| put us to possession of facts which form principle. In Ireland, we are told, Romanists are the aerate to the royal guest. The troops will then be dis- •tiee«-v»d, andofAaa»hty,ar«atoomie became aware of its arrival till the occupants had^huS' 1 ercised on tbe important question of dress aa the udi». bo note. Tor that sole reason. Protestants must be cau-1of tbe bouse will.be fifty cento, which, in order to avoidcompanled by lb Mayor, at nine o'clock this morning, confusion and a rush, are to be had at the usual hotels portions ot the Stale < n the Sflth, accompanied with aOCTOBER44H ,1860.-TKIPLE SHEET.A. Arnouxlisjform that p«rtt..u<»f tbe stron«*r tar vhi •"range -(Hi.- •» - nff' rg was Subsequentlydual, Simme B<*J|eh No-Kami, reclined his wmry lito&s,whiskers.. He prides himself upon being mistakea »<jf s and i s the smallett and piaineat of the entire suit. As a have BlolleyiA Klbenf cloths, "adapted f »r dress coats for r*rtvtt>t*bt!» yj t p i v r ' A o n ia. as that o f t b e Prew>«tantstimes for the Prince, end stands immensels" er^ consetiuence. A T ]Lcrd HiDcfcenbrooke ' ^ A r t , but not ba^some t!eman.withcorr.'rr^J'^a»i>1eMJcroct ik^t[u^Dr Ackland, the Pf4nco-a profeeiwr a t Oxford, is, stoutly built', w .th heavy light side whiskers and forehead. He dresses in light olothea, with|Qaped coat and Booleith hat.Sir Henry Holland, the Queen's physician, and the qulsdeCbacdosaccompanythe Prin"c.\butjriUnot•< ov«r p«actal:» 1: r •• II that the loyally of tae in set tiT to tbislthjere is a closet attach.d which the Lord Reifiew bait;" while B;e*>n> Brothers, H*'.il«<d, iv lr . »Dr., is n»-«o r,(»> prrt'eipM. and that "bey areof the People—1 tyartifte for Acquia Creek—Passage Upthe Potomac—Arrival at Baltimore—2ht Botd Aowm- tions bave^bees made, ant it is expected that ih- turnoutnesesuaar , under a like inquiry,h a s appreciatedand left by a special train.Several hundrci people ran alongside tbe carriagesili.ru g tbis drive A lar,ge concourse had collected near tbe royal train, add it necessitated some hard struggling on the part of thehrisitere to make tbeir way to tbe care through this slaniing mass jf humanity.and music stores.TIjI PBINCE TO ATTEND TBINTTT CHtTlCH.tbe Pijinee of Wales has signified his intention to attend Divine lervice at Trinity church on Sunday'aexl To prevent|ninconvenient crowd ticketsofadmissionwillshower of rain. The Igb'cing prevented the working of tbe telegraph, en oicrrr«i)ie Dever be'or« experienced since the buildi- g of tei*»rat>hs on thl« coastlb? news from Caveoc Valley is unimportant, in a mill- ing st lite /•shortly after eight o'clock. They were met by the Mayortl?e Gilir.or House,'under an escort of the City Guard and Independent GraJS; the bands o f which executed some spirited music by the way, commencing with "God save the yueen " |A large concourse had assembled at tbe station, and there wus much enthusiastic shouting. Thousands fol- lowed the process,on to tbe hotel, where another great crowd had been Icing in waiting. Nevertheless, owing t o theexcellentpolicearrangements,therewasperfectorder on a'.l sides as thd Illustrious vititers stepped from their carriagesandpassedthroughthemainentrancetotheir quarters on the ttrst floor, fronting Monument squire. The bedroom of me Prince of Wales, however, is on thesecond floor, suchjbeing his preference. The apartments are til elegant and comfortable.During the evening a torchlight procession of Wide Awakes-, with bells on their torches, denoting them to be of the Bell and Evfsrett party, passed through the square.Tbe following concluding passage of the Duke of New- castle's letter to Mayor Lincoln, of Boston, accepting the invitation to the ball there, must be very gratifying to us all. It breathes hearty goon feeling, aid corroborates all t h a t 1 h a v e b e f o r e s a i d o n t h e s u b j e c t : — JI e s n n o t s a y w i t h w h a t k i n d n e a a t h e P r i n c e h a s b e e n r e c e i v e din those ciilev uhich be has yet visited in the United State*. If O Itirp'a* ft Co ,There was a general cheer as they entered, and bisRoyal J Hghress turned round, bowed and raised his hat Jeckijns It Buntington, in acknowledgment He looked jtded, like his com- $arol| McLean & Co , panions, but his manter won all hearts. Dinner followed, E RiMnlgefcCo , then a serenade at'd sleep.Iin their demands than the ladies, and although not quite IRISH 8TIEW O F THE ORANGE DEMONSTRA-indebted to a respected subscriber in Canada WWeste aforer a faitbwortby account of the proceedings at stones, thoy have gone t o t h e full extent of Kingston, relative to tbe Prince o f Wales and the Orange-L*4<On reaching the railway statioD, where several thq rj fashionable elegance, ai.d in some instances - a men, which wc publish. Tbe Duke of Newcastle Is de-serving ; of strong reprehension for the course be has little boy. wbo was drepgirg a small wheelbarrow;the taken ip advising the Prince not to land at Kingston and slave LoViis was coming from tbe other end of the mar-ether places, where Orangemen, arrayed in their usual in- ket, walking fast; he trippr,: agaip-t the wheelbarrowInside—his Royal Highness was received by a guard I ed forty and flity dollars enough foia ball suit havehonor of the independent Greys, the band of whi |stiock up "God Save the Queen'' with much spir ' reached the amount of seventy and eighty dollars; not to turelregaid, where the fashions will soon be regulated turnipg around, he struck the regro on the head with biacane: he only gave him one blow, which cut the negro'e bead and made it bleed: the child was apparently six or eight years old; the negro 'Ud not run against him, but got bis foot caught again?< the wheelbarrow, because he was looking another way at tbe time.Other witnesses were examined, and their testimony corroborated the above. KBatwne I'oque declared that when Williams struca the negro be did it very violently, ss he grasped the lower er d of the eane with both hands whennegavetheblow. Tbejuryrenderedaverdictof manslaughter against Dr. Williams, and the Coroner west up to make hi* affidavit before Recorder Adams. Tbe Doctorlainprison,havingbeenarrestedtheday.the negrodied.A NEW YORK PRIMIR IS IJKBO—The Troy Kmcjofthd 2d lest says —Augustus IUy, of New York city, a youngeauis bad assembled to see the party step from their a A-been imported for the occasion, and those who consider--line Coivent was visited, aud tbe ladles complimented on ders a description of their different merits and excellen their labors in education. While these civilities were cles next to Impossible; but we may say that they are shown to Romanists, the moderator of a Presbyterian Synodwasnotpermittedtoreadanaddressat Montreal, ma'de o f silk, satin and lace, a n d that tbey are In t h e and the Prince w a s advised not to eee or accept the de-A visit to some of our fashionable tailors ofdressing^IfthisworkIstobeperseveredinthroughout all pans of the world It must be regulated by some uni-r-has been fwHwetted into a bathroom A smallFrench bedrteadjrith white gauze enrwus stands beriiodthe door, wMle (dark wall and skyI'ght, capped jy a all expeiletced a great inoroase on account of the U hivijaci ri.uwy u> l,t»-rai i:mt servers. Ihe i »yal snailpatch<>fsbr,arealonetobeseenthroughtbesoli- greatevent Thefollowingdescription,which entsra DriJi.f »t».ikff(»jr,.,i^fdu,jesplaesuchdr-i.gs. tary wineow If will thn» be seen that tbe apartnvut i«• somewhat Into details, will serxe to give a general ilea *.t»-e il<-> ri..r.vh ifc-i J.-.I..M prlnci>J«, add aphold b e t a front o n e | T h e best bedroom o f all has the nameof the iIDte's prit ate secretarv on the door Tbe furui -h- of the atyleof drees:—Black broadoioth drees cat, tuei r a s o f t h e w b o l a r e m a i n a s b t s f o r e , a n d h a v e a n e i e ^ a o t appearance Thd walls of the bedrooms are bare ot pic-tures, but well pfpeired.The private sitlirg room of the Prince is on tbe oppob r e a s t t o r o l l o v e r l o t h e t h i r d b u t t o n f r o m t h e o o : t a r , tbe ecges Of skirl b«Ik>*ed from hip. aud it descends to btndrif kn»e; sleeve large st tbe shoulder and elb >w,NEWS FBQBI THE PACIFIC.Jam's Cam,Jf>f Fulton street atd a host of othtrs, bave".«?> attestei •«,ri-. fi^.. r BTPSW'C*- otherwise fff rt h eTHE; FIREMEN'S PBOCKPHON—TDK BHOOELVN BE- bince the last outgoirg pr-ny.bave consisted in an up.csrdjer t o accommodate that portion o f the greatLegislature appropriated $5 000 for digging wells on thatoutside of which crowd of boys rendered themselves a ball will be repeated by tbe two orchestras, consisting of this year, and the wine pr. duct will be greatly in-stores dArlng-Abe three or four hours occupied lo the re- Svn&te to ask consent af, as the Senate bad beenEignia, woe prepared to welcome bfm The Duke must and fell forward on his Iwin-is. the child did not fall:thebave mptaken the place. Upper Canada was not unfor- gentleman was a little ahead of tbe child at the t me, and,by law.! There i s no anti-Pracession act, o r Party Em- blems art in Upper Canada. Protestants are a* free there us in Erjglard cr Scotland to display colors which recall glorious battles, and are symbolical of deeply cherished^l f i « e . otb>r kn.de unchanged but favor ing seilerB.rente, with tbe view of shortening the overland route if successful..itrtfaN•tbe l-Paru *m*tconboardtintiltheroyalptrtyshai'have wiael. They will then rejoin their regiment.Q^MtontogtnoplcaeLUionicritgnrdjigtheskim-BonMrElliott,sonoftheEarlofSt.Gerwi^a,ant Lord H'.Echeebrooke are young gentlemen traveling vr:ln thePr:aje,butnotAttachedtobigsuite.TheformertsThomas M. Tryniski 309 South 4th Street Fulton New York 13069right to interere to their arrangements, and the Puke of Newcastlehadnorighttohumor theRomanCatholics and prevent tbe Prince rom receiving the wrmust of all tbe demonstrations that were intended for him. T h e processionroustbavebeenamajroilici-ntaivhtronaiatinrblack orbs will for six menths henceforth thine rc*p>ea~ dentlythroughtbegratesofaprison.FMiosanojr —A rarty of twenty teven—t*rsjeti ana Uwww.fultonhistory.comtbeir wjves and cbiidret—from Virgin*, passed »^ *'J WashicstonToesdav.toWisconsin. TaWIarepeefaS«Newcastle: It is oo wonder that they should be ex sited, 