 1TherailroadwharfatSbedlscwasdestroyed;fivebuild canspeakersandwriters—especiallyatthe weredriventreattheirmooringshighanddryupinto cylinder. A despatchedforI 'lwould be a defeat of the republican cam sengersand$1,750inspecie. TheGlasgowalso issue?Havingassumedthemanagementof fortheHouseofRepresentatives,andtheeWother hand, is it not fearfully suggestive of the future programme of the republican party?Thesewarningsofourrepublicanco-J.Stanwool Order4 016 American 2700 OrderEx. Bank40O00NEW YORK HERALD.cent speech at St Paul, Minnesota. The. exceedingly ludicrous. They m speechesofthisnatureareleastred fori*uch ballfromapurelybusinesspomtof* | which they usurp, and take the mat- eagacHytocomprehendthefactthat,indescend- AaaruLorZBX tmanS! ter into taefar ova bands. By adopting ingtoftraimouthed personal assaultsupon ••~vww%»-vs^,„^..„>,,.„„ uniontioketatotheseveralCongressionaldi« thevisiterorinvitedguesttotheircity,they Hew*fromtricts, as common eeaee and common danger are only betraying themselves as illbred vil-JAfik• ClfKTff time aad such occasion as he feels thai triumph la about to crown their efforts, tad it It necessary to Ipre- pare his followers to stand by aim aad face the enemy, even at the mouth.of the cannon, if necessary. It is only on such occasions that he informs the public aa to the real principles of the party, and, pointing to the attitude of their Southernopponents,askstheassembledmulti-foundapartnerforthePrinceexeo*4yatj would have sold him an Invoice of d^r abarrelof pork,abaleof cotton,a* corn,ahalfadozenpenknive*,oraqi codfish, the grand moth, 'dollars andwas written on their foreheads andupon their coat tails. The atmospheredolent of the odor of Wall sweet; * , i | r yVIBJJOY CABDBK,fcoKtif.-lBiUU.is the issue, change It aad awdh> as yoa will,that is to be met at the ballot box from Maineto California oa the (tit of next November.Notwithstanding this, the leaden of the severalfragments of the and-"irrepressible conflict*" the floor of a ballroom is not pA Warning u> Bite LdncaOa'io m « AMDrecommend.theconservativescanyetreturna lagecun,unneottstosBedtotheosageeofhigher majoritytotheHouseofRepresentatives,who ^' _x_^. t - •'"''" '' \can extract the Btingfrem the serpent of re- society.^C*^ JUMMMeat(•**>Ut.IllAmad«%no/sastlift,tiesthe White House. A republican administration. whenever the occasion may require i t Wew;»*v5^?restude, "Who's afraid!" This last manifesto o fthe New York Senatorwith an opposition united majority against it in snow that, even with a little scoring, they likeboth bouses ef Congress, would b e powerless to be advertised in the HKBALD; but let them be IMPORTAM f i t * COST! RICA,•* •* • • •••• ••••••••••> •• »• ••••'AMUSBMBNTS TOMOBBOW Brawnra.Lincoln's administration, should he be elected_ OABDSM,flu* IIUMSBUPO—»WO BoanVCaMLMlwhen men or women rise fifty j ears Our ecstatic ootemporary, the Tribune, in the lull confidence of a republican President fromLudiFf of thi Iritis* n i Ameruu hm m lew Grunts,BTWSBV FAUW AS* VMS.W ALLAOK'i-Maw Yomx A s I t Is---Ptanso Wivaplace where they appear to the 1L*ra* K W i t THBATBS, Pa, 004 .« Anoo*.. BOW«VTHBATB* Bowery-CASKSorAFros s u n — f a s t *©wssr OTTO* l o t t K ' TIKI-KISS IN rax DA**.BABBOM s *MBEIOAK MUSBTIM.B»«nlag Jciiri ABB Ma Bananas—unwTIES. Be.BBY*»TS MUMISBLB, L_heretocar, hasnominated Hon.Mr.Borneil,ofChan- vice of representing the republicans as a band lauguecountj, for Congress. R E Fenton fr the republitorearo'*r.H..•oxaaa at Gvaaai 'S. BlKIOi'UA Boacs, B 0A5OS, AC.—John Brown as the expounders of republicanprinciples, and that our Southern brethren17 2for mischief, aad could never carry out its revo-"•""»' • •'• •Defeat M d•.«••Bo nLv-t essfco***,f•AH«*. at;,WIBLOS 8ALOOW, Broadway.—HOOIBVBOAxnau.'s Pennsylvania;theleadenhavesigned,sealedber 11, for ofAcapulco,thecapoftbecranksavesiBit,HI SUasand delivered that State to the enemy. In New Jerseytheregulardemocraticorganizationhave formed a union electoral ticket; but there, as in Pennsylvania, the Douglas faction insist upon giving the State to Lincoln; the political hacksof New England have long since made the trans- fer of that section to the republicans, leaving New York, whose thirty-five votes c»n stay the tide, as the last and only hope, forlorn as it is.would do well, in this conneotion, to rememberthat "it has been so habitual with anti-republi- tags were blown down or floated away; two schoonersOA*Tt«Bt7BV BTirMCHALL,BBBroadway •I>.iHu, aoauaMtoss, BeHaw Tor*. Sanaa?. October 14,1860.T h e MeWS.The steamship North Star, from Aspiawall, arrived At this port last evening. She brings $1,971, 645 In specie, including the treasure shipped b y t h e lohn L. Stephens. The John L. Stephens, aboutthe safety of which some apprehensions were enter- toinei, met with an accident t o her machinery, b u t was taken into Acapulco b y the aid of the frigatetbe fields, aad a great number of trees were proatraled ' to Acapul», and the United States sloop-of-warSahiaa *wexchange should have appeared amor g * decorations. T h e ball w a s a a apotiaWpis) trade, and was therefore terribly slow, hLet it be understood that we have n>t]to the chief magistracy of the Union, and this bat sentiments of the most profound reap »ct_ for•.| lutionaxy designs,may be put down as the chart and compass ofcivil if they wish to be mentioned byBiaainr. Oct. II, 1SSS ts-day aomtsatsri W. Oioou far Coa»ress, aad Robert Taylw forChsrava, V. T., Oct. IS, UN. At the National Deaaaoratio Convention of the Treaty eiath district, held tB tots place to-day, Hon. George Nand after the ath of March next, undertakes Clark, of Waterloo, was unanimously anmsistll for to give a gentle warning to the politicians oftheSouth. TnVyarethus admonished thatit ^f**"' Lams Vaujv, Oet 11.1860.would be best for them to abandon "the de- the Democratic Oonfressi «al Convention, which met ethinov, atarmy are wrangling with each other aad en-deavoring to hide the real question at issue by•puttinghairsoverwho shall beonthisward atthePrince'sballthree thousand*%* sSjjjiSee or that electoral ticket The recent flva persons, aad of these net moreelectionInPennsylvaniahasthrownthere- coupleofhundredwereyoungdancingfec»le.sponsibility of defeating the advocates of this doctrine upon the State of New York. Here is the battle ground, and where the enemy must b e m et and conquered, if at all There Is no longer a shadow of hope inHad it not been for the Prince and men of-hi* suite, the ballwouldan anomaly—that is, a ball at which danced. As H wavthey barely saved courteous, gentlemanly, highbred >mi theroyalpartyaffordedthestrongest agreeable contrast to the fuseiness'of fellowsaboutthem.Itwouldapf nearly all the tickets were monopo clique of old fogies, who distribi - among fosstis of their own order, a jd f quecce was that the Prince's party nimagined that people in N ai are not permitted to go into society are tntirely bald aad are old enougt upon quadrilles and other vanities of order with the.stern severity of prftcti neesmenandrigid*political economi"Don't think we do this to amuse furssj you. It is all very stupid and very i>i We do it because you won't dine and tx bwithourspeeches, andwemustdpsoi for you to keep up our trade with Mr And that is the moral of the Prince's bsTlte Effect off I/aloa Tickets Upok t k Congress a a d I'pon t k « it*pa Caws*.If the union of the conservative eleone Presidential ticket in this State shobe successful in defeating Lincoln, thethat interest in the several Congreesional ilia- triet* may at least have the effect of iof crazy fanatios, intent on the immediate andcompulsory abolition of slavery;" that it is follylonger to persist in representing Helper and Terrific d a l e l a t a e Gair o f St.thisportlastnightThe California aarices by this arrival 1clpatedby the pony iThe North Star briagtae the gratifying IWe have one advantage in this State aboveall others: the press of New York wields greaterinfluence than that of any other State. Alreadypublic opinion has forced the petty politicians Bounderby and Barnacle familylives;-' and that it is "most desirable Mrs Hartung, confined to jail so long for the murder of to latitude 43, wegftade B0, West. Tbethat the sensible, patriotic citizens of the ber husband, a new trial it granted. L crew reached the island of Juan Fernandez in iSouth should interpose at once to stop the The Manor cases of Van Rensselaer and Church agai Tbe steamship Granada hence bad arrived at Valpami.estStates, except to confirm them in theirfixedre- Disturbance a t a Bcocklariago Barberaela Ktntneky.solve not to be bullied out of their convictions A VOCKG WOMAN BHOT—ATTEMPT TO LYNCH TEXSabine.The North Star also.brings news from Coeta Into the background, and in no other State is Prince a ball, but said to him varyRica. The government forces had attacked there so perfect union as here. This Union and defeated those of B x President Mora. General party have still their sinews of war on band, Mora, General Canas, and others, were shot by the whilst the republicans, like the "ten foolish vieteas.ridiculous gasconade of disunion;" for that the Anti Renters are decided in favor of tbe landlord* so aad sailed for San Francisco.We learn that peace and order had been restored on the Isthmus of Panama and its vicinity. This was brought about bythe landing, atthe suggestion of the authorities, of forces from the American andBritish vessels of war. These forces remained in There is yet time to accomplish the defeat ofby menaces which strike at the root of constitu- tional government," and much more in the same vein. We interpret it all as signifying that unless the conservatives of the South come up at onoe to a cordial acquiescence in Lin- coln^ election, they will be apt to suffer for their neglect, in the outbreak, here and there, of servile insurrections.BHOOTBB.CIACLVXATI, Oct 13,1S60At tbe Breckinridge barbecue, near Winchester, Clark county, Ky., yesterday, a young man, son of Dr. West, of Bath county, being prevented by a gentleman naoaet Scott from rushing to the dinner table reserved for ladies, drew a pistol and fired at the latter. West missed his a t e , but, unfortunately, the sbot took effect In the face of Miss Emma Hiokmaa, inflicting a serious wound The conduct of West so er raged the crowd present that they seized him and made three attempts to bang htm to a tree, when the sheriff of tbe county prevailed upon the mob to deliver the would be murderer over to the law West was subsequently t iken to Winchester county andjoint occupation of the Isthmus at last accounts, but It we* probable that they would soon b e with- drawn.The Prince of Wales yesterday visited the vete-ran chief of our army, Lieutenant General Scott,at his reeidente in Twelfth street. He also visited r. Brady's photograph gallery, where his portraitthe republicans, for New York acts quicker than any other section of the country.There is unquestionably, In a full poll Of thevote in New York, fromfiftyto eighty thousandmajority In opposition to the republicans, andThis is certainly a terrible rod of coercion tohold over the Southern States. You must support our President and party in power, or lookout that your slaves do not turn upon you. lodged in jaU to await his trial. Have a care, or they may really believe thatvirgins," have burnt all their oil, and the doors may be shut before they obtain a supply. Let not the truly brave and patriotic surrender whilsteventhisforlorn hope is left forthem.u wm,M1 mm( if the selfish and unscrupulous politicians whoTM» • •"••wupuwua puuuoaan. » u Uss taken; Ball, Black * Co. a jewelry establish- •**• *•*» * * k » n frjke? *° ele<* Ltoooto Can buting to secure a majority in the nextmeat, and Barnum's Museum. In the evening thegraad ton Wight procession of the firemen in honorof the Prince took place.* It was a magnificent dis-play, surpassing In every respect any demonstra- work as though the salvation of the country eannot carry out the republican ption o f a similar character ever witnessed. T h emovements of the Prince and the procession of the proclaimed by Seward in his recent Westernthem, and, thus encouraged, they may strikefor their own deliverance. Is not this a despe-I f PocGHKKSfflu;, Oet. 13,1800. The steamer Daniel Drew's time, from ber pier at the foot of Jay street, was three hoars and twenty fivebe kept in their proper place—New YorKpnadethe centre of operations, and all the elements concerned In our union electoral ticket go atthe mission of the republican party is to free Vile UnUMeat Steamboat Time to Albanywere in their hands—the fanatical doctrines without a Congress at his back to sustain hitBy uniting the conservative elementsThe steamship Arago sailed from this port yes- ation at the ballot-box. What are you, the State upon a single ticket in eachjyrate expedient to frighten the South into sub-mission? Can any good come of it? On the miajotes, tncmsing delays at two landings, aad againstfiremen are graphically described in this morning's tour will receive an overwhelming repudi- different Congressional districts ot title paper .bead wind. Ber running time was three boors and four- teen minutes.HCD90.1, Oct. 1G-12 :*G P. M. TbeDanielDrewarrivedhereat12:30.Herrunning time, against bead wind, was five boon five minutes,fro» Kew York.4 ALBABT, Oet. 13-3*1 P. II.e Daniel Drew arrived here at 2 20 P. M , from New Tori, after having made five landings on tbe way ap. and lip." Pennsylvania, Ohio and Indiana Her running time was six boors aad fifty minutes,0000 Eewatotar Bros.... 10,100terday for Southampton and Havre, with 13? pas- Committee of Fifteen, doing to meet this greatA. E ft C. E Tilton.Kirby,Byrne*Co..J. B. WeirC. H Grant ft Co... 1700 Cooroy ft CVCoonw 10,0*0 W. Hoge ft CoBailed from this port yesterday for Queenstown and Liverpool, with 223 passengers.affairs, the eyes of the nation are now turned to Sou. Let no time be lost in preparing for theattle.tion of opposition members. But what find? The conservative interest divided] two or three tickets in every district, wl16,000 8000I.EtoetftoftBros. 11000 15 827 Eogeoe Keity ft Co 80,000The qne3tion of the Receivership for the Artisans'Bank was to hare been settled yesterday by the The Princes Ball—Cotton, Hardware a n d republicans are united in a compacyet elected, and his friends should not forgetOrderD. Rbam&OoEppingerftCoJ. Stauss Bros, ft Co. 2£,000 W. T Otiismsa fcCo. 14,800 W Htller ft CoH. Cohn ft CoP. NatterAmerican E x .W. Seligman ftSapreme Court, but was further postponed to Wed- Codflak Predominant.nesday next If New York had a second Juvenal he sould The Court of Appeals adjourned yesterday. not find a more fruitful theme for his lashcolumn. This is insanity, and'canin certain defeat and disaster. Somethe old truism of "many a slip 'twixt the cupcandidatesaretakenfrom thegrogsho Amongthecases deckled were thesuitsofVan thantheballwhichthecommercialaristocracy aretheverywontspecimensofour?TempleAgain A Winer. BTBACCS, Oet IS, 1860.Beak. C o . . .131,000 16,000 Co. .202,6*0Rensselaer and Church against the Anti-Renters, in of this city gave on Friday night to Now, this ought not to be. - * which judgments were given for the landlords—the the Prince of Wales. With a very large Among the aspirants to seats in therllIn a match to day between Flora temple and George N. Patchin, the mare was again the victor. Time—2 tfiSi— a.*6K-2:2«.The Star ar tae Soatb at 8a%a nnaa. atvAvxAB, Oct. 18, 1800.The steamship Star of the South, from New York, ar- rived here at seven o clock this morning.Loss or tkc Sua.mei Tempest. LoCTavrua, Ky., Oat 13, 1800.Total.decisions of the lower courts being reversed. A new trial p a s granted Mrs. Hartung, who has been a long time in prison, having been convicted of the murder of her husband.experience in public gatherings, we do not re-1member ever having seen one which equalledthis assembly in extraordinary contrasts 'and striking alternations between cleverness and stupidity in its management In certain essen- tials, such as the supper—which was one of Detmonico's greatest triumphs—the very best thing of the kind ever done here, and whichRepresentatives, we have as y e t seen 01 Dames of two candidates who occupy the. t position. These men are Benjamin Wood, Third district, and John Cochrane, of the These gentlemen have combined on a ticket the whole conservative elements respective districts, and we trust that no ticket opposed to black republicanism started in either district. We have ev fidence that these candidates will be sue and we hope that a similar courseOar Sato Francisco Correapondeare. SAS FBAXCUWO, Sept, 17,1800.CVtbralum ef (At Fiftvth Anrnverwy of Mtmem htit- ptrJenoe—Anniversary ef thi Death ef Davii C Bnierick—Fremon't Mariposa JKojes—Magnificent Display of Aurora Bcrealis Correspondence Etwee* tkc Pope and tke Archbishop ef California—Establishment ef a Dady Mail hetawen Sacramento and Portland. Oregon—Ihe Be- costly Appointed State-Oeclogist—Oaiualtiet, dfe.The fiftieth anniversary of Mexican independei.ee was celebrated in this city yesterday by the hoisting of tbe national ensign on Telegraph Hill, which was saluted by salvos or artillery. Salutes were also fired at noon aad at sundown. In t h e evening an address wss delivered byGen. Perez Hernandez, aad dancing followed.The Chilean national anniversary will be celebrated to mcrrow by a grand high mass at St. Mary's cathedral. A splendid choir will sing on tbe occasion, aad tae lofty towers of tbe church will be decorated with the Chilean flag.Oa tbe 18th tost, the friends of Irotoad bald their arstanniversary rxerctses at Tucker's Academy of Music.There were a bail and supper, and a very large attendanceTbe McMahon Grenadier Guards, an Dish' company toFretob uniforms,andtwoFrench military companies,were among those present Speeches were delivered' byGeneral SatolJs, Governor Downey and others. M. Troef,editor of U Phare (French), delivered a very fine ad-dress, sad a'letter from M Gautier, Frank Consul, wasread, to uhtcb b e Expressed t b e warmest sympathy withthe cause o f Ireland T h e toasts were composed of A W Srican, French and Irish patriotic sentiments, sad tbe re Bpoeaes wire largely imbued with hostilty to EagUsd. The society, I believe, is of a sailttary character,and coa templates active toteriereaoe t o achieve t b e todopsniaaos of Irotoad.Yesterday was the anniversary of tbe death of David C. Brodertek. T b e flags o f several o f t b e engine bouses were at half meat, ana tbe republican aad independent utwspspeis published articles Uodatory of the n u n aadThe eottoa market yesterday was active and firm. Thesales ecabrac d between 8,000 and 7,000 bales, closing firmon the basis of l i e to 11 '-.c., chiefly at the inside figure,for middling uplands. Included la the Bales were someparcels oa speculation aad for export, with 2,000 bales intransit There was a movement in breadstuff's. Thefiour market was exited aad active, with heavy was served, all things considered, with miracu- sales, at aa advance of 10c. per birrd, and Insome cases at 16c. Wheat was also quite active,The steamer Tempest, bound from Louisville to Cairo, out hack politicians as Dean Richmond and with a full freight, sank at Long Island on Thursdaywith large tales, bctb here aad to arrive, at aaadvance In prices of 3c. n 6c. per bushel. Camwas without chmge of moment ia price, withair sales at 71c. a 71 J£c frr Western mixed, aad some committee was very fortunate in its employes, good do at 72J Fork was irregular, with moderate sale* wi h the single exception of the bungling car- including ue» mess, at S10 75 s $19 90, and of new prime penters, who are responsible for the breaking atHi40a01460.3cgatswerequitesteady,withsale!and State. When bad men combine, gbeen permitted to rule the roast But their foolish and suicidal proceedings on both sides disgusted bur sober, practical, conservative men, and the consequence is that from an inde-The Philadelphia city Gas Company. PHILADSAPHU, Oct. 13,1800.The Trustees of the City Gas Works are manifesting op- position to tbe improvement in tbe manufacture of gas by cutting off tbe connections of the Girard Boose, and reof about TOO table, and 73 boxes. Coffee was quiet. through of the floor. This accident might have Fft gnu wars unchanged, while engagements were mole- been easily guarded against by proper tests rat* aurnngtheahlpmeutowerewheat,toLiverpool,at beforethepeoplewereadmitted. Butafter lW«l!i\l, » bags;cotton at 7C24 rosia at3s.A house divided against itself cannot Division in the ranks of the consei element is like the madness whioh threatens to destroy the cause o triotism in Italy, by bringing patriotKingVictorEmanuel,andthethis State against Lincoln, upon which all the hotel has been supplied for months past.factions concerned are cordially, and from apropersenseofnecessity,concentratingtheir InangarattonofGovernor Falrbank«,ofVorasaat.strength, j Moirrrcxim, TT. , Oct, U , M00.ThebattlehasstilltobefoughtinNew TheStateLegislatureorganizeltoday,theBoose York,andsheholdsthebalanceofpowerin electingA.P.Hantoo,ofBethel;Speaker,aadCharlesG her hands. According to all our election re- CuflUBlBgs, of Brattleboro, Clerk. Ihe Senate chose Mr, sults of the last four years, from year to year, ulesson, of Montpeller, Secretary. To-day GovernorFairbanks was inaugurated, and delivered a message there is a conservative majority in this State mainly relating to local subjects- Tbe edujational, agri-the fleer had been repaired, the supper served, parS10lbs,andflouratBal.Hd. andtheballreallycommenced,thespectaclebeadedpeople thoughtheymay bewhenjudged their cot.rse upon the future of this yet youth- by a severe Front street standard, they still ful nati' ii. The real instead of the false atti- have their places in the social circle, thej arehas n o t y e t commenced, although t b e s u m o f five thou- sand dollars k to the hands of tbe committee.question it issue, much less to see the effect ofTbe Monumental Engine Company of this city, s e a -law" has just returned from a stumping t o wIn the Weal, where he has been promulgating hisfanaticaldoctrinesandpreparingtheminds Ben. Ailthe ottawpeopletobackhimupinanypoai Princewerethe tionthatbemayforceLincoln to take. ItIsone of his peculiarities to make consbTvativaspeeches la Washington, such an serve tothrow off all fuBpldons as to the real objects ofthe party. Itfatonly on the eve of an import-OctFranJJmOOxjirneaniconflict," or giving utterance to •tea Btfitio«ati as. were contained ia kit fa-]www.fultonhistory.comt'ommtesloaeraCoart.OCT 12 —At ttr Mailer ef tk* All*** «te«r —Tb» mA.by Ore tea* *r*krsMvibor.Lose M I CO.Bi.,rf 11. op«svAntlous celerity and precision—the arrangementsof police and the general order of the house,exits and entrances, under the charge of Mr. adopted in every district throughout Moss, no improvement could be suggested. TheJohn A. Green, and others of the same sort, night. No lives lost.Th« Issas Before the People— Mew York was a very curious one. Ithadbeent h e B a t t l e O r o a n d . supposed that the best society in New chief Garibaldi, and their adherents, intoNow that the moke of the recent political York—the youth and beauty especially of the battle in Pennsylvania has cleared away, and metropolis—would have been gathered aboutsion, and thus diking the loss of all thi been gained by the revolution, and givii opportunity to Austria to extend once her iron rule over a lost province, and toethe public are permitted to look over the field atd ascertain the real position of the different factions in the anti-republican army ia that contest, they are able to discover undeniable proof that the defeat of the democratic nomi-the Prince, to pay him that graceful homage and courteous reception to which his position as the first gentleman of England entitleshim. New York, as well as other great cities, has a certain number of what are termed societythe growth of liberal whole peninsula.ideastnroughouagainst the republican party of at least forty thousand; and it may still be strong enough to turn the scale in November, allowing a liberal margin for desertions and defections. And so, before the Tribune proceeds to lift the curtain upon the second act of the republican drama, let us have the denouement of the first The maid, with the milking pail on her head, wasvery confident of a new silk gown; but in the very act of deciding upon the color thereof she &rgot the law of gravitation, and all was lost.cultural, aad financial condition of the State is represent- ed to be flourishing Tbe Governor intimated that be would not be i candidate for re elect ion.Markets. raTLADBXTHlA STOOE BOABB.PHTIAOtUBXA, Oct. 18, 1800. Stocks steady. Psaaeytvank State O's, *7>*; BeadEvery friend of conservatism, every nee was brought abont by the treachery of men. They are lively, pleasant fellows, talk hostile to the anti-slavery programme ofparty leaders and petty township politicians, nonsense agreeably, dance well, and generally who were unable to comprehend the great keep things going. Light, frivolous and empty-republicanism, ought, therefore, to be full; pressed himself with the necessity of union; Impress it upon the minds of all who c the same sentiments, whether they call selves Breckinridge men, or Bell men, orla» Railroad, 28H; Morris Canal, 64S; Long Island Rail bo&oreble to b k memory. The work on the aonameatcenturyego,andwhohasbeentoobusilyen-lutionhasshattered,issheernonsense,1 demoralized and disorganized parties mustgfcgedinmoney to cultivate his man-immediatelyaboutthe anewpoliticalcombination;inconformitiTom by supporting hisadvetsary Dickabout assault aith a dangerous weapon on the mate of the War-of Representatives, as there Is now Senate; and that is a grand point to be when it is considered that Lincoln, ifought to unite. By union alone the coim.1,, '• i mini""''!!*NEW YORK HERALD!iJuNDAT;<GOT0BsJit Vi,436*19.the venerable persons above ' « ; e ito when they - are in their-places. But we must be permitted,to ft a Little T e a•«•»tage as managera and controllert.« — W ^ H ^ I I I M . Jipii|ilJ||lliliai.U.J.^.JWWJIlUJ-.- J,:.U:. 1 '»•-!«»>•! w«;mmw#«w*fpw^publicanism, and render it completely harmless in the next Congress, even though Mr. Lincoln should receive a majority of the electoral vote*•--C^i $t B t e p h e . . . OF$LS71,MsOfnnisttLticketelookedlikebanknotes,sadtoe.jilof oftheUnionandbeinstalledasPresidentia giiantedthatweshallrepeatoarinstructions. . . . ' . . . . . , .•- H u B i pendent volunteer union committee in this city fusing the supply from the city works, unlets the propri- we have secured a union electoral ticket for etors stop making water gas, with which a portio: of thetiveinterestcanstand; bydivisionitmnstjfft.f £ fcM-| iiMHrf.IIlllflll rfiM%M H-fc-f Zsions steady and unchanged. Coffee arm at 14 <«e. a 16 \ic. Beverdy Jehneva delivered a n eloquent address before tudeofthedifferentforcesinthatStatehis welcomeineveryhouse,andtheirpresenceis lasmen.Innoinstancelettwocontervjjtire Lincolncannotbeelectedwithoutthevoteof Whiskeydollat22c. thiejcnpeayonthecccsskare/erredto.thrown a world of light upon the canvass in absolutely neceesary in an affair like the tickets be run In the same district,' end if thisandotherNorthernStates.Itrevealathe Prince'sball. Then,asapendanttothese isnootherwayofdecidingbetweenthec: factthatInNewYorkistheonlyrealunionofDashawayfellows,wehavethetypeofthevoters could fairly and equitably settl matter by a very simple process. Let \t h o l d a p r i m a r y e l e c t i o n i n t h e l i s t r i c iNew York, and he will have to fight to get i t , Pmxi.DBi.PBU, Oct 18,1860. Fremont's Martpneu mines a r e BOW yielding very large Flour dull and unchanged. Wheat active: sales of red rcturts, and ibfee are ecawtsntly tucruMieg. Mark Braat$130aSI56,andchoToewhiteatSI65 Corn—Sales THEPHTSADELPHIANEWSPAPERSANDTUBof3toobushelsyellowat78c.Hessporkat01960a NEW YORK HERALD.—The Philadelphia news- BBS. Whiskey dullat22*c. a23c Coilea—Sales ofRiothe conservative forces in opposition to therevolutionary doctrines of William E. Seward.This rlew of the recent contest in that Stateshouldhavetheeffectofencouragingthosewho dical lectures against paper-soled shoes ***•**««**ne"elfishpoliticianswhocompose andlow-neckeddresses—thewomanwhoIspapersareapparentlyverymuchastonishedatthe result of the Pennsylvania election, andat 14J40. a l6o.„ tFlour firm and In fair demandBcmia, Oct. 18,I860 Whe«t opened duU, butthoroughsocietywoman—thebellewhogoesto of twoorthreecandidates,let it be do; three parties a week in the season, and lot. ButitappearstousthattbeconserthesumofOil,833ingoldbars,beingtheproductofsix da)a' tun oi in* a,ilk- Great Inprovemotits are going forward cpon thi? estate. A n e w mil! wilt econ b e erect- ed at tbe Pri&arton aire, and another near the city of Martpos*. a t Bear Va»ey. Mr. T. W Park, srbo is now ccnsu-uig tbe business up<o Ooioari 1remoat's ranch,who suggests anti dancing tracts and me-on receipt of Mew York despatches became firmer, With has nearly finished t,xt:nsive staUae, s s d a wnreoousethe regencies and committees in New York to utterly given over to Satan and all his let ballot boxes be erected, and all. theareperplexingtheirbrainswithallsortsof fairdemand. Sales60C0bushelsNotChicagospringat sad store. The •Josephine," "Pta"Tree,", "M«-at0 1 0 6 , J O ICO d o . N o r t b w e a t e r n c l u b a t $ 1 0 9 , n . o o o d o . O p h i r . " ' P r i n c e t r n , " a i d i u m e t a l l t h e p r i n c i p a l i e a e e k theoriestoaccountforthecrushingdefeatof No1aliwaakfsclubat0111,18,000dodoat01ll, ootheMariposagrant,mieprovingrkbertbefarthertheyFoster. Their utter Ignorance of what was 12 000 do white Michigan at 01 BO. Corn ssoewd firm: a e worked.rales of 80COObushek at 60c Otts flrner: sales 1,000 Upan-dsof fto(000, it is reported, wss token out orservative voters of every denoinlaajtfoaj tions involved in this Presidential contest and Aneathe solemn truth is, aa we have said before, posit - their votes therein, and ?letgive way to those who do understand the ques- works, real Honiton and diamonds Included.tlte coming betrays their incompetency as the butbf It at 28». Whiskey steady: sales 100 bbk. at 21c the Mount Ophir claims, in Tuolumne coutty, one day tost organs of public opinion. They virtually con- Imptrt*~6 000bbts floor, 107 000 bushels wheat, 13 000 Week.thatthepresenceofthesepeopleisabsolutely manwhoreceiverthelargestnumbly ticket Insteadofsittingquietlydown,they necessaryforanaffairlikethePrince'sball, thecandidateputforwardInthelegaMejoughttobuckle on their armor andprepare forthebattle,asthoughnounfavorablenews bad been received from the Keystone State.There is no denying the fact that if Lincolnis elected he will, whilst in power, be undertheinfluenceofSeward,tikehighpriestoftherepublicanparty. Thisapostleoftit*"higher dancingdays,iianyhehad,wereoverhalfa tiesintheirIntegrity,whichtheshock&do. mm Exports—200 bbls flour, 111.000 bushels wne.it 26,000do.comand2,000do.barley.Auusv, OctIS,I860 Flour very active and tending upwards. Wheat u pborsales 8 000buabela amber Michitan at 01 40,delivered in New York; white Michigan 01 60s 01 62,nowhaid high- er Corn steady: sales 8,000 bushels Western mi-,-J,havebrought aboutaunionupononeelectoralletUtemagnificentftspl&yoftheaaroraboreaLswas witoerbed ail on r the StateAcorretponcei.ee b**wtewtbel\>pcandtheArcbbiaonp racd rltrjy of f'-a'iion ia n*» beet pubukbed ui ".n* atokskrncwrpaien f tb sclty. Theer< l«oiosticaU pnofees uoa-'ier atta ciVbtMA atdsympathy with L;sH.Uoene 'nhuipros ertt-oibUa,at.uthei\»porepliesint!»eusualatajoer A msgii'ctct i-oauje of California ntani/n is>'t. tofttber wttnveiu»WegoldrpcciecLS,wereaunti herewitb i t e am,r«i».A new Faptist uhuch wascVixateti >n>terdsy toAiaThtdcTcsit*ofgotdbn!lice'athenrtarh »wtoftt;t c;ty curut the week just nosed sumup7p« o«rr«j; silver b'UiKU.eame period, 18 707 outer* rbere ww^e ooiiM..:;iiA.i.ao intteuoie t«e>s<,andS10CtOIsb»Jam*A «rv-m-meet camel expr*#e has be*n cstaWished be asoftenasweelectHarrybyadvocatinghis saw,andwerethisca>sentenced—Osborne tohard labor :»«c Ub Ars'-'.e*andPortMohate ^^and let the others withdraw from " youngpeopleinhonorofoneoftheirownset andgive himtheir warmestsuppocede this point inattributingtheoverwhelm- ingsuccess;ofCurtintotheinfluenceofthe atrociousNEWYORKHERALDinbehalf of Fos-which should have been a demonstration ofThe fact was, however, that tile floor was the only sensible course. The idea otter. Infact,ofallthelittlecliquesofthepro-vincial newspaper press, the little clique of earlv,at07c Barley doll: no good samples here, Cana-managed by sexagenarians. The Grand Cham-berlain or Pewter Stick-in waiting was a very "•Portableandexcellentoldgentleman,whose anignoramus. Thenotion ofpreservmsmall beer political organs of Philadelphia are mos^inthe habit<otattributing any resultof anyelection,anywhere,totheinfluenceofthe HERALD, as the advocate or opponent of the victoriousparty. ThusitappearsweelectI aIttix States Oistri t Court. Before Boa judge Sbipraaa. •IMIBMUM.12—The Cr.ited Stout re CharltzEnpri&m.—The prisoners were ooovtoted o f t otheconservativeinterestisabsurd,am, whoadvisesitmusteitherbeaknavepadaWestviaBuffalo77c.,70ctorinferiorState 0*w:36:; for State.themarchofeventsandthespiritofthe; There is one live party in the country, ani is the black republican. The only othsf2" ••joyed ia this city. It partytherecanbeisaconservativeone;Btoehdagflof againsteachotheraswellasagainstthi monenemy. TheywouldceasetobeconTbewi rJ*i.fl daJv man between Sacranreatoandrwt-•werable aspect Such aVMM Btadyofant^ rf J J ^ ^ownclaims.1forSIXmo<thsaedtopayaSeeof onedollar,sea Eager stiea ki thirty days' bard labor and to pay a fine of one itoJkr.tain.iH<gon,wentintooperation jatu'day last- roode,wasnever beforeButasaclassofnewspaper men. ourPhiladelpbiacotemporariesarescurvynincompoops, OOHVICnON OF A SBACAVTAW FOB A88AITJ.T WTTH AA BOB eti.T". ''ealug exclustttiy In Jspauue^gopeo<ri -nthis city a tewdatssgo itisontfestgoosery blir, t —„ a**t5£5,\?« *~with all tbe petty jealousies and mean and ma-lignant traitspeculiar to the lowbred, vulgarfellow. .In tins category the North American Is tor aa assault with a dangerous weepoc s o a eeaman >y daily. U h U f o r d k a a a i i v o o f kajrlacdbreeches, buckles aad silk oar grandfathers, and theantelection,andinsomeNortherncity,thatbeannounces thereal principles tadaimsof thepartyofwhichheistheleader.Oanoandenormousheaddressesofthewomen©fthe tive,aadnolongerdeservethename.i)ljnotincluded,for.althoughasomewhatstraight- peered for tbe prosecution m Mr.Kinkle for dtlvcoi, J<*»}r«rthemorrer of William Karoofumuvi Bactinsan committ< dsalt'.ie by hangtog o..ewenWW h e a r h i m p r e a c h i n g t h e e i g h t e e n t h c e n t u r y . T o s e e t h e o l d f e l l o w e p a r t y c l a i m s a n d n a m e s , f o u n^^ time since,in Ktomath cowtj • .hobblingabout,interferingwitheverybody, elaborately disarranging other people's plans aad having none whatever of their o«m - Jdeirfoyei GS»w*»i««.p H,iOANOBaocrs At the VattiftXeCniitdStalttJames Whitford will he hung ra our couaty Jtu^a«x» Friday for t i e murder of K-:ward eJherldaa « • • • • •position to republicanism There the knee two or three conservative parties,their vtsi's and the v#t«s of the #iste'S of Mercy a*sso«» shootingaimtotbe1-gwitnaptotel. MrWUcoxsnaap aalvatorGarciahas«*encapitally coavtoted at»aonob Nines,mostbemergediatheonenestFulton New York 13069tale simple plan of safety, tindUdntitledDocumeentlacedoldMi*Nancyinsomethings,ittakesa wbtehwasinso'ctceandluaub-trdtnation.Theiurjfound b r o a d , p r a c t i c a l , c o m p r e h e n s i v e r a n g e i n i t s t b e a c c u s e d g « M > , a c d b e w i s r e m a n d e u f o r e c u t n o .viewsuponmanythings. Butsomeefitsneigh- bors are as destitute of tbe teachings of common decenov aa. tan *i* «f •»,«. —i—1_,—.lastweeketj'ocU's\alleyF r a n k W e l l s , a m i s e r , b o n g t i i n s e l f t o a t r e e s s a e oI From time to time we have been constrained to give these Philadelphia newspaper small fry a little pruning down, and they may lake it for«»WVIWVSftffefjr of llie Steamship Joincan nominee.[J — — i —' Bo«OK,OctLate New Brunswick papers report a aarrtfle gale la the Gulf of 8t Iawrenee on the 6ih and 7th of Octoberthe safety of tbeJohaL.loft Ban JSouth—to represent the republicans, as intenton a compulsory emancipation of the blacks, 6th Inst, are supposed to ae lost, with all oa board Tbe from tbe Sabine, aba succeeded sa rasntiing Acaputoo oa that a negro insurrection (perhaps mora than damage at Shed iac is estimated at $10 000 Large bridges tbe 28th. the passengers, malls and treasure were trans-One) is very likely to follow the knowledge of a republican triumph."This danger, we are next told, "is one whichcalls for the exercise of wisdom, vigilance andtrue courage throughout the slave States to pre-vent a most deplorable waste of humanat.Oocagne, Bucktouche, Escutanes and otherferred to tbe Caots Sam, sad arrived at this port toe morning by the North Star. The 3.1. Stephens was sen- sequently taken to tow by the Golden Gate Bar Baa Pr«sansLieut Watkins died on board of the Sabine and wasburied at A rnpulco.The ship Borspurg, Capt Oaks, from Callao, for ]ton Roads, sprung aleak and sunk, 8th, tothis thing "can exert no influence over the free tbe judgments of tae lower courts being reversed.From New Granada we learn that the authorities of lbs 8tate of Panama bad tovited tbe landing of fbrcea boa the United States and Britnh vessels of war is port Tbe invitation was complied with ontboSOtb nit,aad the joint occupation continued u p t o t h e departure e f the North Star, but they would probably be withirawa to a few days Perfeot tranquility b a d been restored oa a a Isthmus aad Its vicinity.The Mowing is the specie list of the North Star par stealer Uncle Sam —W T. Coleman &Co.. 037,000 Jennings ABrewateraOlO ON J Stanwood .. 0,000 V. Nay tor 10BM J. Straus, Bros a-Co. 04,401 TaafleM Chiie,&Oo. 08,701 Jas Patrick * Co 36,000 Order .............. 1SJ886 Z Einttein ft Bros.. 6,60S HowlandftAsptowaU 19,161 Ballin k Sanders SI 6 0 0 Cooroy ftO'Oosmor.. 10 601 H CohnfcCo 28000 EageaeKellyftCo.12m N> wstrader Bros.... 18.776 Trevor ft Colgate... 10,168 J. Heier ft Bros — 19.000 Bkgeae Kelly ft Co.. MjOto J Heller ft Bros.... 16.000 Von Hoffman ft Co . 06,080 J. Holier ft Bros.... 11 BOO Duncan ,8hermaofcColS3,41 f UfCwfset* t«its« ISSI 8,160 FrossaaaftCo It096 Seligman ft Co 27,000 American Ex Bank. 40.900 RMeanerftO.Adams 9000 Walk,RargoftOo..SM400Bk, 66,000 Amencan Ex. Bank. M 606 Total "«•••• . . . . ^ 0002,484Annexed to the specie list of the North Star, par steam- er John L . Stephens :—RMeadeeftOAdams SOCOO Patrick 28,000temporarya r ebasedupon t h ecer-tainty of Lincoln's election. But he is not20.000 ••gtae Kelly 46,000 12 642 a . T CotemenftCo. 6,000 46S00 A W rawreoce.... 16,000have all gone by the board, and cannot be re- coveredagainstLincoln,weadmit;butinall these States the factious jealousies and person- al fends among Douglas men, Breckinridge men and Bell-Everett men have been stronger to divide them than have been their common interests to unite them. Their intestine quar- rels set them to devouring each other, and while thus engaged their common enemy step-ped forward and knocked them all in the head. In New York the same state of things would now exist had such old party caucus and wornsoeo Co60,000 American F x Bank.13,1M0Twoschoosferathat leftSaodiaeoatbemorningofthe senttoherassistance Withtheaidofcanvassedbeakwere much damagedAuu.vr.Ojt 18,1360. Court of Appeals adjourned to-day. la the case of- T a e OaaraafIN TBI ANTl-KKNT CA3B8.I .••a MBW TRIAL OBaJtrnn TO MBS. HIBTONO— DECISIONagainst a bead wind. This Is tbe fastest time on record.10,000.0871,167Appeals,,road 18*; Pennsylvania Railroad, 41X. Sight exchange on New York at par.•BALtocoai, Oct. IS. 1860.Floor steady: Ohio and Howard street *5 75; City lli'lii, posed almost entirely <x seen from BalUaore, ostaoratod S6M. Wheat arm: red, Oiao a 0140: white $140 a $165Corn steady at 70c. a 72c for whiie.and yellow. Provl tbe tenth anniversary or*their organ tosttoa SeptemScr 18.Tbe defendant w a s captain of t a e ship Flora, a a d was triedWKAPOM.vs. Edtwd B. Wwrtkav — Ucttd CaiLfcltc ministers to attend bum. aad rcoe.re*1•sad en the 19th, fittyeight aatj tbe piston want through tbe bottom of8 000 J E OoUgeAOo . . . 800086 260 Freeman ft Co16000 Duncan, Sherman ft26,600WeUs,FargoftmegtnftCo,bankersinSanFrsccisco.rercvedlastwrusk a *nd the one came. If the local politic30i9 SoaThomas M. Tryniskiuth 4thStreetnYJaUfdatatesBefore Mr MnreU.tio-gwtck&l^n^'s.t#t,im.«n.Bswora, wees 