 twmabcut the nark, none of whom wore remarkable for the tttatatsai seemed to fstoahtiliiw a thorough wet dny, beauty or symmetry ot their external decorations. Some'-t *%iTHE NEW^YORK HERALDre•ft* NEWYORKBREATHESIN 80»tfAY. ~try lam aSiii am either law'a.in a strait he did ,wooid nave baen With a hearty aha ntr ofe, amartktJa-V.'etah, assisted thea i l ' s *ary f wry mat « UrylS1 axon to Fort Lee. returjr. ing late in the evening to thetrjse- veral landing places. There wefe other boats plying on the East and North rivers, all of which were lully loaded. Ou a moderate computation)each boat could hardly hare aver-that death had been caused by a rapture of?<pe af the small biood vessels of the heart at its jbane. No marks of v,olente were discovered on the body,ay 11 Kt. m any*an so.c wi-jkes, and otherwise, leniori tods, ice cream, arcslf nsatai),kamoaads, and the curiously shapedpretsni." and ak« might be obna i a ! the hoys with tar Pi-. effer.af toaliow >i»u to are with aapruag g a t a t - a »c< • »fc. t "and ethers wish s board, on which wereraj sails theaters* knife, and at 'ihish you ware <*d to jutci a number of rings foe the!low charge of a•ot each.All atoBg w e route front the oantCTawds of•« arty ali ef whom. tf our aurtculnrs did sot deceive - 1 1 doctded!"" feotOBic tong• * a s their way torn a gate on tha left hand side * tint avenue, and towards which we, with the t a ear i m n i We aotaod thatis peaceable and orderlyLeaving Pavilion Hill], we aeseend to the landing again,keepersaiKi °lher- depeniing upon visitersTora livelihood, looked as if they had list a friend, or met with some very serous calamity. They burg over the bar, aad lounged about the door; but. alas -Othello's >iccupationWHOJJENOL 8T26,MORNING • serf one who wahel i cantdert^EDrnON^MONDA Y ,JUL Y30,18W.boat leaves at the "act and they a 1--.tie weary must bear it cheerfoky, for discontent, yen know, isPRICE TWO CENTS.cooi weather of the past weak has sad a favorable a p o n t h e fortunes of oar theatrical managern. A t Keenot"OurAmericanOearin"asBftadatuceeen- ful week't run, and m to be continued ontlLforlher amies,l b s Ravel* commenoed s farewell angnfemeet a t Water Garden bat week, and hare mat wink their anal luocena kg they anil far Eorope in a"everybody and hit wiih" win of couraeopportunity of being once mora 1by these fpopular and exceedingly carterAt WaUack's Mr. and are. W J. Fforeana are winning opinions from ail torts of people " and win eea- to do to until further notice. "Dombey and Son" for Huabanla" are annoenced far to-Mr J. M. Nixon rommmraa n abort aaasra. with hat equestrian troupe at Kiblo's to-nighttheauperb historic pngennt of •'The"The Field of .the Ooth of Gold,'' "Via CurTicnlum" awl "The Steeple Chasea Mr. E. Eddy has been re engaged at tha New Bowery, and will appear during the week in a rik oT favorite characters.The Old Bowery theatre has boon leasad by Mr. Gectw*AeW«tiafla«Ttittle^^iiimnr rf" t w o aaWoutraanae\was toamy ahabby trick. Undoubted!? Hr ae do a!)woo ar^re prevented from terdny. l i e bope aha* old tha, aad not perpetrate KMput week wore gr»at s a m b e n of*ao earn* to MO the "Mff ship,"tf the chance of atoms, New York' mat ua», thai "h'lling two hi- Itey ttrello 1 threat,h the Park, ar 4 every i.de. Uncle Jean lament*** lOrowii away area oack an ohj*. j , ^ ereted wb**n it wookl1of tha fratne to which was vary bensftoal, as a also pleasan„ At-Luifi hr tie ink.throwing atoEAST NEW YOBK.Hat) beautiful tuburb, one or the summer rare vtt ofBronklynitee for a few years past is beconnag more and more a favorite renort of the toiling crowds of this city. WiatStntsn Isand a presents no pomta ofTHE •marritjof aai»# Oentmimrctuent waa raitedatia* Park appears in all ita attractsIapes from toe Humbert that went | a*T* an overcast aky and the iswtavr tnat the i o i l w r o mechanic i an-Tsuied to take advantage of the 1 f u t J .steaded to afford, v a i l *f'T*t and before the o w n e r bata* us.tere to the Park during the -'of these liuteolntfurm was a buoth hav; chosen for a picnic party or a pleasure excursion ofIt haa latterly attracted the attention tf the police, noon account ef any rowdyam occurring than, but neonM. "What a benutrral pa* *!» inine d ^ and geese th* •KAJjjf, road would ho," fa* wh>*e oe|!oq07ending witn ctaaenunas on the war sBMrnrtanwajpnes af city few*,onlnhHIAsother lager bier booth as a patform gallery was with, and was built over th*our attention,in connection there ties of t sot and threes hurrying along to the ferry, evi-•' under the green wood tree' recruit their exhausted frame, and invigorate both body and mind for the labors, ^led .themsel vo* of children, and many were Park at the this harmless piece of enjoyAh one atone." We next noticed a astonished on which two men very eagerly is issiact. as they termed it, thewho took advantage oflacy marked iaiprov g n m «re nok noticeable m the less here could enjoy then-PariL .t naatbar of - 1 saweaated squirm are employed breeze at the same tune.A second and larger twoagain commit yourself to these dreadful can, or else with m e n like, noW in the heydny of youth, and buoyancy of spirits, tf you a n out early,' - you dive through she cool and shady walks which, for part af the way, at all events, invite you onward. There a n other attractions, within a mile and a half a n the Water Works of Kidgewood, whence Brooklyn a supplied with water, and which is a tavonte piaee of inspection. To those who are fond of meditating among the tombs, they have the beautiful and picturesque cemeteries of the Ever- greens aad Cypress Hills, through whose glades they maytarget esublahment ic tpriakiiag tn* drrt eawttn water which, while it de next caught our gaje. At tha tier* were more objectstrectifrcmtkeheautj / e f a d r y , hoid ^ad,adda m«ch to to practae upon than at the for here a revolvingrtoftteairest dJ'-ii::«« aii > hair.bie ' and ek* te*.r« wad Better•sot end in tehicae in allayingwindmill, having a bulls eye the end of each sail, arrst L.ji tired Km an F„r the aataf j , «r m u wewoofc l H Keverybody, the police included, knoes that as much• 1tki11a*jen •fa; oOjeeta of tart. 9rv*rnfkr ftedag th- minterest a theonrrivortare seen in a small booth about ten feet square, besides a glo-inc. H a success was nothing to boast of while we stood watching him. At the Elytian Fields, instead of hearing thje sounds of mirth and pleasure seekers, our ears were saluted with a ghastly sort of wail, dying away every now and then into a low, deep hum, caused by the wind as it whistled through the branches of the trees, and teased them restlessly to and fro. The river was muddy and turbid, while showers of spray were cast on those who were foolish enough to venture too near the water. About one hundred visiters were scattered about, all carryhag umbrellas;itarengh tr * aatdy p«tha of thewanderingis " T « U cated, nor was a disorderly person to be seen among theseekers, or those who are led there hy the world wide passengers It proved otherwise, however, for glad to assist at her rentree upon the Mew York boards. the threatened aspect of the weather seemed tobHbre U*r»etly hgtafooit theretrtawith all m rmx'ui aceaery. Pi could be obtained for a long distance, both up and down, ton a Sunday.ly,ata comparatively early hour in the morning the Richard Bavendam, keeper of a groggery at No. 45 Bax-tatthe new regu- of the cooling Isger. which wan followed by another, and a third and fourth Notwithstanding there were 00 manyof Mravhrdaatts havt tea. navhi,haveplaced at conve paths is the with eooy atrolier canuk. an egg hungup swinging, a wizard hand to hand over histhere are not wanting those who lay this purification ofywerepromi-rho Tl.ted the during the dayrious representation of the Russian war, 4c., AT., 'for the small charge of ten cents." Next to the mu- seum was s booth for the further dispensationgreen "HIGH BBI0GE AND VICINITY.Crowded as the neighborhood about High Bridge usu illyYesterday morning opened rather raw and cloudy, and months engagement during the next London season. Pre- there was a general expectation that it would run vious to her departure Mrs. Bar'ow will play a series of throughout the day. Under tucb circumstances it was farewell engagements >u the principal Cities throughout reasonable to suppose that the •excursion beats wouldT-r da? at the Park pessed off without any iscident occur of trar«»l. W? may safely state that the^e who vWtfledThere are many ways of reaching HijjU Bridge, but the favorite way appears to be oy the little steamers that run on the East rtver,and connect at Harlem with the steamers Emily, Tiger and Trumpeter. During the week the fine steamer*, Sylvan Grove and Sylvan Shore go to Harlem, but on fjunday they are withdrawn andT 14 n oaar .is harmony or pleasure, and w th the excep Lix ci" the matter referred to in eoqaection with the twwi. and two arr-tts which were made early ,L the aiming f"- disorderly conduct, 'Uie police had no o :ca see ic>saert tiieir authority. The promptness with which L 'joruerry daaonstratioos are quelled has added suet to the popularity of the Hark w:tU quiet and order ktsf ciiiKaa. atd the police deser-. 4 m^.ch credit au tha fWBlV at—ap. was taads during the day—as announced twhroa-w havetentpreaching]near the ParkJor.e;' Wi ml yesterday might havje spent the day in a far worse manner than they didCONEAD'B "r^ARK.The scenes in. at and round ut this park were veryThe Satellite started! from Jersey City at half pasts.."o'clock, and arrived at the fool of JAy street at seven ,tAadsubsequently called at tjlie foot of Christopher street andForty third! street, taking ui pap'enters at each place. Shethen"proceeded up the HUUSJO j to ft<>ckiacd Lake, callingat Yonkcra. Eastings, Dobbsj Feiry, Piermont, N'yackand Smg King, ou each s.dje off the r.-. er. She wascrowded with passengers, uk 1 spent an agreeable wis made against Bavendam more out of tp'cen thanMlatfSarSii* ary .ha. 11 •ay I aty *Sum•prB '- ' wb.ci. is the entrance t«> the groundsto sa; ;. «sii of the ice c-nsumeli in [Vew York ,s obtained West Poit!. told Spring aui' Ned/burg were visitei oy hundreds qT'exc'irsionisis in the Broatway. wh.cn ooaistarted at an early hour from jay; street, calling and ta king in paaEengers at the foot of Christopher s y e e t au:i at Thirteenth street. Bevond New York, the Broadwav calied into- diiierent places up the river so that by the t.aie West Pomt ( was reached there was a pretty targe crowd ou board. aa(i> as there was HO lack of eatables atd potables the bar did a thriving busm-'ss. Neither :ouid the Bonifaces at the several places where the excursiudists landed complain, for their customers were liberal in ipendinc their moneyh-vport, f'ertb Anihay aadj ntermedia e places were v.sited by a goodiy numberiou the AlicePrice. Thes p a a e aunorality of Sunday amasentent. The taaer •< visiters to the Park every Sunday would t> hnedaheartened the Btbbaiaraa fanatics.greattoo. until the matter could be mure thoroog'.'y investi- gated.Captain Dowiing and policeman Riordac. ol the£ n t h precinct who arrested the accused, st.-.te thattiie ev.uence of Mary is partially corroborated by the records of the Coroner's Office It sppears that Coroner Jackman held an mooest upon the body of the deceased on the Cist of July, l-%a» when, according to the testimouy of policeman .-aer.•».«.. .t was shown that ie ceased was fouad m a sitting pasture almost is the exact spot indicated by the prosecuting witness. Deceased's pockets were found to be empty which waa singular, coo sidering he was a man of some meant and w«': dressed. ApestmortemexaminationofthebodywasmadebyDrJOSEB' WOOl).L«r»£ the whole of yesterday the tbifentening signs ofthe morning there were a number of loungers to be teenttt me refreshing breast bore off th* heavily adanCMUS tosesM other parts, as the little ram that did all jubstttute for that fragrant weed, whale others•w Harcery esough to wet the leaves of the trees, and tttcago HM appearance of the weather deterredten ssakasg hash air, yetwry u n a . p a oat by thThe toent at Jones' Wood was a sore*T«rai a* ear cilinena wore not to be a« mwe sage of wet. Over two UM nvaatnge of this rural looking braised to enjoy thentsaivts, "miae neither one nor the other. lue sun ahae, nor would theyecu tented themselves with stumpy "dudbeans," that bad evidently seen service enough in then- day and gene- ratiou. Of course there was not a single drop of lager •m band. The chunin^ of the merry church bells which sumuioued the devout tt< their orisons drew forth whoie troops of fairy forma, tripping theu" cheerful way tobers leave tbe boat at this place there being a popular resort here known aerAVXZJOK HILL.As the boat goes out| a mile further. :ti is pilte i s plea-saui for one who has no definite Ol'ject in itlew except b^ own Amusement to get off inere and walk the remaining distance The great minority ofail would have beet JJtappointed, but as it was. those who had the courage to brave the element" had a moat pieasai.iCay.andeVoyeditall themore on account ol the boats and cars not being uaconvenientiy crowded.Our reporter took a trip up tie Harlem river, and Stopped aLthe principal p'aces of interest on the way. but 0 wme to A e threatening aspect of toe weather mere wereAurora took a full load to feekskiii, as did the John John Beach, when, upun opeuing the chest, .1 was foundkept iit> ajliule spiUing kind of >% J4 are ant" sort ofohowor.night, and it a by the thousands that you count the vmi ters. but yesterday tae universal oread of the weather made it a very easy task Li count the number of peoplewhoie, it a morally certain that several thousands of men. Woman and children halve, at an inappreciable ei pense. enjoyed a day of harmless amusement, thrown offThe cs.w«f the Sncond and Thirdfere eery airly anen darag Ha earlyBOB wilt pa vie bound for Jones' Wood*taty sixth street those of the laaiingtir who had madeV- their ausdj for aatraU through this wood baft the cars brave men" of its neighborhood hive at much reason to a<- proceeded bvas easterly direction lb first avwtue,to Came—and Castleton^while the rich ana varied scenery on every hand, and the numerous auu tasteful private re' tideucea -c.Itr a pleasing prospectIn the grounds of theare various appliances for the comior and amuse they form a very mwreajUng feature too. We feel sorrymeet of those who resort there. Revolving swings, whenever any unfbrseen event. such as the clouds yesterbe n;ad< Meanwhile, the prisoner stands committed to tne Tombs Bavendam asserts his innocence in the most positive manner, and says tbat the charge a preferred against nim soieh from malicious motives.lam.Purser Steamship Montgomery [Froii the Savannai. Republican, July 36. jte be made, and that the grounds War* open to the KB ic«frae.-' Tha titrsoil to he th* enfrasnt for pedesfellowship belter known to the poor than to anybodyderbtlfs landing, the terminus of the ferry from and many anxious inquiries were made of the individuals nach. Jno Henderson, tatumuliaiRamon roaedo. H C msured. The Fire Department are entitled to great Jose Alvarado. Geurre credit for tne prompt manner in which they cheated the Jao Caldwell. Mrs conilagration, which at one time threatened to be the«ns,nt we aottosd at » _the unkiMKn to the deaiaeng of tha vicinity At least the from tha Sanding to the well known and popular resort, and thnt was that it wag going to pour. Seven! persons Fernaude/ and three ebiidreu- 'of" Obianm. Jose VaUadares hvgrat in Jersey City for many yean.The extensive lumber yard of Burst A Co ,. immediately adjoining, waa in imminent peril, as was aao tne Wup- pmg a: the dock—one of the Canard steamers being obliged to g*t up steam and back out into the river AsOn arriving atnot unusual to see a woman with three or four childrenbeen benefitted in a corresponding manner-or theappletarthe lowdecentinner, but to have thrtamnmt with it,aa\inn—olfwithus.a* future.i front their day's iwnrk willingly andnever aldowed on a panic partyCould nana of our pious people, who are op xnr-danyoneenjoyingthemsereeson aaayhawt aao theand cheerful feces thnt areday W the vicinity ofceee ehssg* theirIn many it a ignorance that a at the bottom of it, aad they will only listen to such words aa rowdy, drunken.the"sale oftreated ms air conapanion kenxetaa. On the r.ver side orfor the dispensation ofpilaus of w h a t we noUnsdwkfrn it sught concern thatwichec tee cream, oegara, laget) atthey aaartal, "they couie warrant para, as they always groaad it thessselves.' Hear this spot was a gjaaatiiiis.New T osh proper lies some five miles m a t ofatuty ant! itire yesterday. tha opportunity of snarorisg ibeir uinonuhw aarelopo-crossed over by the Canal street ferry to Boboken. The the same principle which presents the necessity of send-ferry boat was tolerably well filled With fresh air seek- ing police to the scan* of a peaceful picnic not to pre ers—at least we could not see what else they went for—and serve order among the revellers, but to secure them from fresh air they certainly had in abundance. The wearers chance annoyance of any stray rowdies that, like birds ofgaspeet of thet which the opportunity aduring the cousins,_ th* afternoon availed theane!vet of it by elhabisg poles, swinging by theirof pantaloons bad their time quite taken up with hoid ing on to their hats, which evinced an extraordinary desire to emulate the feats of some swallows which were skimming over the water; bonnet strings and shawls were streamprey might be attracted by the tmeD of a feast There is so one particular attraction at East New York to compensate for a drive there. On the contrary, when the c a n halt, the uninitiated—that a ,wholeoomt br.ck walls. Persons who a n accustomedto hard work through thp^week, and spend their Wood, who announces that the fell aanaan at this theatrenights, perhaps, in the ill ventilated apartments of win commence on or about August tf. In the meantimetheraamg powerthe auditorium of the theatre will be altered, redecorated foil to read tha notice might exclaim, "What s n ff.cienUy mortify the teak during the six working and upholstered, and the entire theatre renovated.tsaanstton of their seis^tberheod wenbodily asWa,from theh e , «c. an.ground In thisservespurpote. and as they were puthauling a rope atleaned to thethe amp was hang, th* exithe rapid pontage through thetaehed to tha waa a " round it" (or the amusementby acuppiag, boatbeingi by the occupantsto be seen here "' Natural enoagn that, for there is no sound of music breaking upon the ear.Dear music that can touchBeyond all else the soul that loves it much.No park from out whose umbrageous shadows gleam biightly forth glimpses of rustic hostelry, where lager bier and ice cream may be enjoyed ad libitum. No widespreading tree—a sequestered nookWith scats beneath its shade,Fur talking age and v, hispering lovers made.At Barnum's Muaeum the "Fat baby" and a boat ef other attractions a n offered, amncttnl to til the bens* dairy.gig. Ronzani takes a benefit at the Academy of MtwJe an Friday evening next, on which occasion Verdi's eafe- brated open of, "Rigotetto ' will be given, the principal parts by Fnzzolini, D'Onnay, Steanni and l a r rMechanics Hall, having been painted and redecorated, will be reopened by Bryants' Minstrels on the CM of August.The treasurer of the Dramatic Fund Association baa handed us the following —Besawf HOCSK, Cofcmnan, July 25, lesw. J. H. Orurr, Esq —Dnasfkn—We bare noticed m£a €§K JtVM of aaturday. the I4tb, 1it a taktSnan of Boston proposes to give 1of S10,MB) th aid of the American Dramatic Ft—he can find two other gentlemen to make ap aba I of the amount. I am authorised to H.Caidwell.Etq..of New Orkass.snanber of the Dramatic Fund, wtB make one at*Thnt they tend to elevate the [morals of the working proposed by the gentleman of Boston. tad w iB be aaathappy to hear further on the tubject. Plana* make inquiryclasses the marked diminution of Sunday drunkenness aa to the eometness of said proposition aad respond atand crime in general sufficiently demonstrates, though your earliest convenience. Mr. Caldwell will he ready atwild tiger with a bull s eye on hby a string and to be shot atthro* mg his pack of cards fromhead, were offered aa marks for Competition, as well as Tails son, the sailor e pipe, and the towers in the centre. Adjoining t h a establishment was a museum, in which al- most all the animals that entered the ark were to beary time to deposit hie third of the #10,000 as one of theplaces where th* drink could be obtained, we are happy to state tha not one person was observed even in the slightest degree the worse for 'liquor, much less intoxi-the Cnited States. Mrs. Barrow haa many adm rere to is during the week, by private picnics and pleasure not have anythng like the usual numoer of the metropolis, and the general public would be verythe cloudy and throat- iit.es of the vicinity, Sunday finery,turned t style. The majority of these were ladies from Holland and other points of •'faderand,r but they were none the less attractive be- cause of their jolly rotundity. Dnring the earlier part ofinteresting yestarday. respite eniug state of the weather, the dressed in the full display of thei out in their bewitching and ei<froni any love of justice. Nevertheless, the mag stratc heautif..' scenery of Thajkand lake, whence it ;sh*>edi"ss. thought it best to commit the accused, and the witnesseswere puihng the "light Havana," or rather a basesoon reach the lirst or Quarantine landing large -lum- because t aid not rain. There would have been mJre genera, tatafoct.on had it come down m torrents, for thenbe proud of its beauties as are our jmtbufiiastic friends ofour own Central Park. Of course we institute no corn-day. prevents them takinn their little excursion after health, as we know that a not in their power to go againJersey Citjr Sews.1aMsg k.« road from the cart to.lh* pace might be par,.-*. and none is meant; we only give unto Cesar thatSTE vrHii- Mo.n<„.BERY July 28, LS6U The Montgomery bat on boars! the tirst bale of new cotI.vjEXDi.kitY I IRK —,kho it out o'clock on aunday more • ing a fire broke out in the carpenter s shop owned ahd oc-«• aaiis and rwnths erected for th* ta**of fmlt. '•froth snsM •- ter," very ajnosticnnbk looking sogart, cakes, candies,which is Cesar s, land it not been for the dark and gloo- my state >f the atmosphere, there can be^uo doubt but that thousands would yesterday aswe revelled amid theYor» street. Jersey City. So rapidly did the ttaaea spread that in less than a quarter of an hour the whole roof of the extensive coal she.i owned by the same com - panr wai romoletelj' enveloped in .lames Vfreati br«»eaecooling breenre of the Park.AsOka.the cards informing all occupier sold «swaaVany kino 1 but being anxious to know how many there were in tha great city who held a contrary opinion, weon with a tenacious grasp to the babies clothes, with which the high wind was taking groat liberties. Atlantic t.arden. being close by the ferry house, was the stopping place or most of them, where they regaled themselves with little Neck chums, chowoer and lager bier. About fifty persons were there at the time we viaitod it. They all looked somewhat like the day itself-—damp and comfort lest, a few tried to get up a little excitement by shootingto which it u camera were figures of Indi and negroes, with each any account a "tto Garden. Here they have the- potato hill. Ha S hole m ia stomach, to wh a bag waa attwahal be atrical pertormaaces and concerts during the week.days, and, therefore,'are not disposed to continue the depressing process on the one day set apart by the com- mon constat of nearly all Christendom as a joyous holi- day. And as Sunday excunion trains are not in vogue in this country, it a no wonder tiiat the facilities which our two noble rivers, together with the spacious bay and the waters of the sound afford; thouId induce them to seek, in tha inn merable delightful retreats with which see and river coast are studded, that repose and qoat enjoyment which were denied them in the noisyhind. A hoy was stationed as guard over these wooden Yesterday we found two little girls eating ice cream wjtJem.ma war oorety grhn /ad that the "Promenade angles, hut as be was bent on tag money, he offered to in the orchestra, and shout thirty people sitting in the• a ded.ented to ao aneaam pe jreoat, w*ea it would make all who passed htm the use of nine India rubber balls garden regaling themselves with lager bier and an un-for three centt," sad if you •act a tpkadid eow pasture, m ^ amcr. to raae garden nine into the bag he generouslyt a f a a t o a l l o f w h a h t h o Jaajhtar S*13y Ann would re- ter 01 a dollar as a mark of hitput the wsole of the"to give yon a quar- limited supply of wild. Here, as at the Atlantic Garden,dark tops of the trees which skirt the view, affording a' hive during the prevalence of the summer heats, aadrthe river, and per and the refreshingdently afraid th* m i s would be setting in before theyreached the boats. At Sybil's Cave we found three smallbays taring sumptuously on ice cream and sodawater, while the darkey waiter looked upand down the road for the customers who make thattheir resting place, and, while refreshing the inner hum,enjoy a fine view of the river and shipping A few personswere standing on the bank gazing at the Great Eistern,Of which a hue view was attorded from that spot. Oneenthusiastic individual had stationed himself at the endof the none pier, which has been built to protect theyachts lying there, and was absorbed in nth wander at will. These, and the long and beautiful andare on the increase, and perh^pa during no former season have they been more in vogue than the present summer.for theTH! ttYSLfcN ffHi>8.ATLAimC eSJKDZNB—BABTJffl AW» WIKT>—SYWJh'SC*VB—nemennamitsWansnt«,»*&,aWf. We were favored yeaterdav with a brustermg, gusty a sky obscured by masses of leaden clouds and abut let them leave their* w ti ight aprinkiings of rain—in plans of brilliant son- confessed and arrtptad With Jones Wood and Conrad'sPark and Hekokao, "the happy' of other days, it would sot have even a chance, and yet Sunday aftercrowd* fill "the cars,"' the connecting linkBrooklyn and this Arnadia o" young Brooklynitee.shine, a sky which rivalled th* famed ethereal blueneasof thai of Italy, and a breeze just strongenough to blow aside the wavy tresses of thebelles of Manhattan, whose charms a n acknow-ledged to be unrivalled, even among the darkeyed daughters of the land once no ft mens for the arts andsciences. It was not exactly the tort ef day we ahookt ferry, and cars start thereto on each arrival of a boatTBI MOBALE OF SOTDAV 1 ON ra ntcnxA^—nmor BOATSrenfT , new BUBS, BBOSXAWAT ABBOT, BBYTORT, ETC.. »TC., VlBTTBD—skBrkTICIALPHYSICAL aTFBCTS OP TBI IXCTRSIOrTS.One of the Matt chancteriamc phaaaoofKew York life itthe aaat wttb which the toiling portion of the populattotenter into Sunday enjoyments, Inspite of the efforts of theso-called Sabbath Committee, backed by aa arbitrary andunconstitutional law. to Seep' them immured within on-ing gaily in the wind while their wearers, with many all who have sot keen already there—who maytenement bouses, are apt to think that theythem- a laugh and blush, held refractory hoops down, or held, * t the entrance ofali who pawed by to at a target, but it wan no one; everybody was gloomy—the: •test finest wonder they ii.issed the sunshine and the crowd which are always "Ramble" woo >f art,' and all they charged ten cents. Behind th* there when the weather a pleasant. The next place ofNone of these attractions meet the eye or ear, andhence the oueation, What is to be seen ? A little fartheron, patient reader and a pleasant suoll presents to youreye beautiful vistas of ample landscape, gleaming now inall the rich hues of a golden harvest, dotted h e n and ciiy. Accordingly, we find t team boat exclusions among then with beautiful villas, the homes of the happy the cheapest and most ] popular means whereby proprietors of these osteal stores which spread oat on the sons ant daughten of toil can escape from the busy every tide. Away and beyond this lovely scene rise theof your practi-everybody evidently misted something. Patting along to that classic spot, to dear to the hearts of our bass ball play jig community, viz: the Elytian Fields, we met pardelightful setting to the picture upon which the sun fromthe distant weat has cast a golden coloring, and beyondthe girdle of woodland, but out of sight and hasring,stretches the blue Atlantic. Too sanguine reader, learn of the coming week. Year after year Sunday exsunions that the Atlantic a same four miles off, and you mustreputationofthebridge,yetitpresentsatarn*appear- havelittleornoeffectindeterringintendingex:ursiontaaiath? M vfawmbaanfthewhole~ k,asItliesspread Behind these booths n chanhing view of the river set a few of them had a genuine family ance when compared with the thousandswhogothere iste from their contemplated pleasure. According Singular Case ax*Alleged Harder.K«(a-"5T awaaahthebelllowermFromtha wholecompanybasket, and it was not a little amusing to watch a Dutch- man, with ha wife and children, seat themselves on the damp grass, beneath the shelter of an outrageously large and blue umbrella, and] proceed, in the jolliest and mostml m tha E'yaian seated an a rock by the aide of the river, looking on very unconcerned manner imaginable, to devour the contentsare the "Prom analls" and the broad complacentiy at two men who wsrc engaged in fishing down which sumberp of vehicles are with Mtie and rod' hat the Centra* Park it anr. angers in ear city is shown by theI* ait, cr>-«**eame and woodwork der a s u y e f wkech ate giTen the resi<of attraction to that upon the natty of the bell insa"1bed, UK- of the ^rri- yMtera toever , ("rem what we a f , yesterday must have been any- thing but a profitable one to any oi then:. as the visiters to Hoboken were but few, and of these but a small num- ber fcund their way as fox as the Elysian Fields.STAITEN ISLAND.WHAT ONB SEES THERE ON ?tTV»AV.Any ma.ee of tue vartous pi toea of Sunday resort at the vicinity of the great metropolis would be very incompletena >r-„ thowa- that sot athe '- Ramba, and an occasional and on the opposite shores could [be observed the various or the fttrtter of reiormatory and other institutions belonging to the city, eat wheea and .i.tuated on Hackwell "a Island- We noticed on* femafoseveral piert on the North aad last riven, from which ter street, waa brought before Justice Breacac.at the Notwithstanding th* many other places of interest the excursion boats usually start, were each filled with aawr-' «j;sad stUl further on -Mthe ctty« taking ita weekly We were sorry 10 observe that a billiard saloon wi- inasp at <s»at daturbed only by thd ehiaaa of oeila, re!! operation on the ground, and although they charged **-" h fall w ah a sweet eadeaoe upon the tar aa<mtngte an extra five cents per game on the Sunday, 11ny cosy little places. Where the tired and hungry can sit down in private and unpack the basket that always ac- companies groups of three or more. It is only those people who are kept confined during the week in some close workshop,or perhaps tenement house, that can fully appre- ciate and enjoy the liberty of Sunday. It is to them a sort of safety-valve, and the free and untainted air they breathe on sundas, outside the city somewhere, has to last tbem for the remainder of the week. aad a trip up the Hark in river as far as High Bridge. allows those persons In tee enough of the country, and enj<iy the pure air, w> prove to them that such things do really exist.and stated that on the night of the 30th of July. lao9, as she was perambulating the streets, she met Gcstarmo, am! by her pertuasive arts induced him to accompany ber to tiie den of the prisoner, then locatedju No. 37;,' Baxter street. While in her company the Spaniard fool- ishly exliibiteu a large amo'-.nt oi money, and toe dis- covery being communicated to Bavendam. the tatter pro- posed that they should rob the stranger, knock him on the head and then turn h.n> out of doors. Mary was!«• aautiy with the aounda of nature bear 1 is the rural r»t -eats oT the Parkdid not deter a large number from engaging in it. There was a prominent notice in the room that no betting would be allowed; but we would rather have seen the esiah ?hment closed op entirety on this day. a! .tough we were informed that more business was dene on Sua day than on any other three days'in the week.There were ser»rsl persons oni the grounds who sup-plied boucurts and baskets of choice flowers, at 1 remark-U.« Fart: w c from the most dl at Quit-3 a the ably low price, to all who wished to have them. The.v-oung men would purchase these pretty articles and BOM. presents u.< Uie fair damsejjs wboin Uiey bad been "sparking" amid the trees..After having thoroughly tired themselves out by roaming about the grounds, the patters returned to the city bv m»ans ef the city railroads, and also by the steamboats which call at the pier that is built close to the fcoteJ. for the convenience of those who prefer that meansla;«a Itartng yeet»*rday additional u r*at was glren 1t> t:.« ae^hborh/mu ot -Vist* Rock," from whteb i.te a^jusfid K ^ m g of the Great Eastern icoald be distinct Tj wea. Abost four e 'clock she waa pbterred to move akrey oj; the r'ver, and on being bk:ilw«l out into the SL-WUBa aaagaiheetit vwwwes gives of her down to the wijfi. beaeath which line the mtervfcuiag bouses con enJed LerhullThe Ceres left Catharine mask«>i pi.p at half past eighto'clock, with a goodly numberjof pjtssecgers, wh.cii were nothing loth to the plot, and in company with a augmented at the :'oct of Sprint street, ana again at pierNo 4, Nortn rver. SlJe then (steamed down the bay toFi'cka.vay . 1A.U£ Island. wu< FS t|ie passengers enjoyedthemselves in a variety of ifays till towards evening.when she returned, landing hef passengers at the severalpn-rs she had called a In the morning.of their basket, while it was evident, from the beamingfaces of all. that the damp day had not affected either theirspirits or api petites. Few people, however, did more yester it is among hills and valleys, and surrounded with so ma- day that just take a look around, and then turn their faceshomewards. We doubt whether the man wiih the weigh-ing machine aus*. n.aoy customers, or the dealer:- iatowers, apples, cakes, tee cream, lemonade, kc , kc j hadas much to do as they could attend to. Judging, howprice, varying from twenty fiye cents to fifty cents per a year ago.head, was to convey them to the scene of rural enjoymem There was the hard-listed mechanic, with his wife Mary O'Brien, a nt/w;* du pare of the Five Points and children 1 the spruce clerk, done up in the jaunty- order, appeared as chief witness against the prisoner, style peculiar to the genus: tiie staid matron, looking thevery impersonation of inropriftty. the blooming damse:with flushed cheeks and sparkling eyes. ant.cipato.-y of funami frolic; the crusty oiii baohelwr, assuming a genialtook for the uonde. the newly made Benedict, with hisblushing bnde, and the Bededitii' expectant, with hissweetheart, talking soft nonseiise, while the prattle andm» rry praiiks of childhood gave animation ui the scene,and augureii pu-asantli of a happy- day. notwithstandingthe unpropjtious appearance jof tiie skies. Among theboats that kent on excursionsi wene the following —without a reference to $tater, Island This] island, abounding in beautiful and varied country sceutjry, has becoaiso popular that on Sunday ,t is found necessary to runlour boats to an<I from the city—one every half hour;—toacconinodate the numbers who make the isiais ' aplace of rest and recreation after the abore of the week their piace a tilled oy tug boats Yesterday- the steaiii-An additional attract.cn is offered here :ia the trip down tin bay. this being a pleasure of which our own citizens never tire, while to the stranger it is invariaby a source of surprise and delight.Yesterday being cool and windy, with a Uireateu.ng of ram. the boats were not crowded a? is usually the case on a slammer Sunday still there were quite a number who were not to be debarred from their day's enjoyment by this trilling unrnropaiousness on the part of the elements.leaving New York an tue ferry boat at the Battery, weboals Only Daughter. G. B Fraser. Junes A. Stevens andthe lijii.dH.av were p'ymg between Harlem aad I'eckSlip, stoppint at Jones* Wood and otuer places, to taKe up day at the se.eral places named, par icularlyTli- aiformer, on being closely ^nestion"*!. admitted that she was on bad terms with the prisoner, and from her manner conveyed the impression that the -cmn'amtand ^therefore,beauties,while,atth*tame time,.ts attractions being of a diitarsnt order, possess nfoncantioscf their own,entersinto rivalrywith itsa deposit of passengers; but owiiic; -to the very uncertain 3tateofthe weather, ibeir decks were nearly bare, and one cuuid have an ent.re bench to himself, if he was ifliiiiy inclined. A yrofnt of UIL weather , there was a general outcry yest TtSiy ab.ut the exceedingly tan ta- li/mg way in .vbxh the ram was threatening to come down at any moment, and destroy the gay Sunday dresses of iLe'gbopie 11 was provoking to those who went out. becausekome of their friends did not g.>. and 11 was provoking tB those who had remained at home.those who Lad the g-ad sens* to visit the romantic and(heir altars and their beads. The j lazy idlers, with their the crowd are wendine; their way towards Pavilion Hill but tew people out. &igh Bridge appeared to be the aged fewer than two hundred stid fifty passengere. Every- and no one supposed for a moment that deathtobacco and smoke, soon dwindled away before the array of glitteraig mines that invaded the Park. The parks of the city, conveniently situated in the very heart ef the metropolis may well take credit to themselves for their beauty and their myriads of gay apnirers, but let it be known unto all men that Gonrads Park, al- though a suburban retreat, is! by no means be bind any of its more favored sisters in point of at- tractivenesa or the concourse of it* visiters. Its charming scenery cat not be surpassed. I; a as delightfully situat- ed as any park in the city, and the '-fiur women andand the slight fatigue attending its ascent is more thanrepaid on reaching its summit. From the little tower ontop of the Pavilion House a fine view may be bad of NewYork, surrounded by its satellites of adjacent cities, andof the magnificent bay .dotted wilh craft of every descrip day the three boats are crowded from morning until for the Minday excursions and{the excursionists, (a the snowed uo external marks of violence whatever. The jurySabbath breaking and the lfl»finery custajoaed p e w s , aand sae what they aMLaaankJaeaaJ ImnporaM. well trams 1 aadanhonor to any large community,andtheirobjec tion must give way ana their eyed be opened ts ike greattruth.' j THE EXCCBSI^Nthree provided the other two gentlemen are prepared to the public manners to the account of preventing liquor do the same. The family tender to you taeir kiad re-from being sold at the* bars of drinking saloons, although garda. In expectation of hearing from you all particulara,I remain, very respectfully, youn, GEO. T. ROWE. cheap drives, present many • inducements to the cabined, liquor can be bad in these placet by merely sitting at a Mrs. Julia Bennett Barrow has been engaged for thecribbed, confined denizens of New York to seek, ou each table and calling for it. I yceum theatre, London, by Madame Celeste, for a three occurrence of the Sabbath day, "fresh fields and pasturesL o w r Police Court, yesterday morning, op chare* or and will always attract enwds, even when other places conditions tad ages, waiting for the boat that for a small having murdered aSpaniard, named Juan Gustar.cc, aboutabout New York. High Bridge stands without a rival, joyous, cosmopolitan mass of people of both sexes and allhave lost their interest in the public mind, centred asonly place where thesh appeared to be more than the thing seemed to pass ot"'remarkably well on ai! the boats, arose from anyv other than natural, cauases. It a usual number of people. Here there were about two ai.d what is worthy of record,tuere was no intemperance true the pays.can did sot examine'the bram, but hundred, but owing to the way they v.ere scattered there to speak of. though therie was jno want of liquor, nor of it is barely 'possible, he thinks, that there was any d.d ntt ap(>ear to be sofreat a number. On a line Sun the wherewithal to obtain it This tact speaks well alik-- serious in. or y of this part from the fact that the beadtion, at rest and m motion, while. looKtag the other way,past forts Bimiltou andDiamond, one sees where sky andwater seem to meet. Hearer at band, and on the islaudare the vUiages of Tontpkinsville—a place not unkndwu any .Treat distance iron the city There was one very the lassitude engendered by1 cose confinement within heart."PavilionHdusewith her. enjoy .ng her weekly allowance of holiday, andgreat teature of -SimOny in the suburbs" that was want brick walls during tiie week. a*d been euaiied to return It is very probable that the District Attorney will mar \ esterday, and that wxi the great number of women with renewed, ardor W theirj several occupations th.s cause the body ol Gustarino to be disinterred, m ord-r and'children that help to fill the boats and cars. It is morning lis it too much to 'say that their minds have thai a more thoiougti examination of the remains mayshoot jig alleys horses, resembling in all respects, savesiae and sol. i contents, the famous one of Troy, sad whichare mounted by very youthful and iaexjixrienced eqies unti thev have gone through six more days of toil andtrians without fear. Ml these are put to a practical use care.by the children at least, while the parent? either |iiti inthe sport or look on approvingly, but watchfully Every Ai McCcmb's Dam, the iirst ^topping pace after leav- ton from Georgia, an account of which is in the two pa cupied by the Canard Company, situated at the foot ef one seems to be enjoying aim or herself, tad everyttyn£ ing Ha; 'em, there wer* very few people, aad the hotel pars accompanying this mote. E 8. AJLLEN,it waa. there was agoodly number pres«ai; but from the numerous glances Kanders may not know how much better Bay r,ui would was gone" tor that day, and the only course they eould' senger train, Central Railroad,(yefcterday. it was raised was">bk>wicg m a southeasterly direction, and before theand here take what is known as Bay street (the StaledThe first bah of new cotton Was received Bere by pas-made by the ladies at the frowning elouds.it was evident sound), for the other places of resort. This road, as itsthat their hearts were ill at esselfbr the safety of their name implies, runs along by the water, and in theabseuc- building the piers at thesld dam for the new bridge" that Esq., ami frwarded by Messrs Johnston to G>., of Al- oce pied bv Ketolium * Co mathinats, owned by Wm..of dust would be very pleasant. All along the route tre • sroiiig to be built, andeue t- tust completed. bany, to Mes-rs Caxi.iicha. , «- Metafile, of this city. Bwan A small frame bedding situated m the rear of the bonnets and their silks, and their pnomenade was there- meet, overtake or pass parties or pleasure seekers, !m The next stopping piagk L- High Bridge, and here there Cias- good middling. Tha will be the first bale of the machine shop, contain.ns the engine and heavy part ofThe tames extended on the north to the Custom Hoasa, which, being a fireproof building, the damage was matly by aster The mliowin.' is a lat of the losses:^Cuaard (."onirtacy. $6,000 on shed aaicoal,andtlJMMongoods damaged by water in Custom Huuse—fairy insured in th* Lugie Insurance Company o: New Vork. Ketchum k CO., taiOO—insured lor fS.ilOO in the Jersey City Laurencecumbers of from two upwards, and of all ages appeared to be a little "battle, people were scattered here new crop to reach New York, t|ie Tekas bale having >eeu the machinery was. with ite contenta. Urtallv •iestroved.fore curtailed of its fiur proportions. As s general thing'the Park is a regular resort of the j wearied artisan andms t*ni..y After a long weak of continuous toil they all as the working class—those who live by the product of H'ytng the beautiful seeker} hat surrounds the Bridge bale last year was red-ired on the 2uth August.and stations in lift. .By far the majority,however, is composed of that part of populatioi known tor" admiring the gigantw proportions of the structure it 00k to Sunday as a day of relaxation, recreation and their own mdustry and toil This tE a gala day for them— a II The absence or the Intense heat of the sun. and thetpartares.rest, and when the religious duties of the day are overtheonlyoneonwhichmanyof themknowwhatitis to be out of doors, while to all physical relaxation, and these draughts of fresh air which they are now inhaling. comenotofteaerthanweekly.pieasant breeze that was -n the river, made the day a most doiightf.d one; but again we have to refer to the weather,for although all seemed to beenjoyurnthemArrivals aad SKRIVA(inwtiiQhg*n<;1allyW.tyttsnod.s tterce»*f« new empty, painty showing to at that there was ao srlinc together in those affectionau relations of friendly Passing Stapleton, it is but a short distance on to Vajn heavy dark clouds as they slowly passed overhead, ladv and dundbter Geo D Eudgi n, H.D Budgaon. w &"; i.om: iii.y Wm. Ewan. loss on buildimrt abbot $1^00—ahonaandsefyoungandoldfolksmaybehereseen inno- ceut'y eujoyhig the sweet bresstsiof summer, and mmNew York. A pleasant road, shaded by trees, whose who were supposed to be weatherwise. as to what it was Hall. Em)! 10 Bora, .luluThe latest Parisian itooks of fashion are certainly not leaves meet arch like over the head, leads directly pip going tc do However, there seemed to be bat one opinion .iaefcaoc. Andres Lorda, VBni _tuete are up to then- work, for maiden and matron. CLINTON FARE.•weetfceart and wife, who yesterday strrlied through Con This park has been a place of p ibia resort for some tenrad « park, were dressed a a sty a that would not shame years, ana includes eighty acres of varied and naiura,the moat blooming belle of our prtnjcely avenues. It was scenery. Ellis, dales, groves and woiding paths are Tcmiinson's Woods a piace on the left hand side Alford. Mrs Jta H Fowled and •jhrvasiS J otto Durep; aaindeed shotring to oee them— ?spaeiaily the younger mixed up in that delightful confusion which Nature under of the river, and what would be of a fine day aa? .piis—*c they aoated like so many swans through the stands ao well, and which makes the country to very romantic spot to atop at, and we oertain'y regreen glades and meandering paths of Ike irregular enclo- agreeaote to the toiling deniaan of the great commend it to all picnic parties but yesterday it' too.sure. In the niMOBc*vt the young hour1of the countrv. cit• On a pieasant Sunday thousands resort here from was deserted, and tte pr*pr;eton of the various refresh- fhurram Frsncfeco, DwU niro add Jooe Mure, .lose Perez.with th* »n*>*o-ia; pnssh asaan ok their cheeks. tb*r« New York. Perhaps these green fields and waving trees ment places bad to charge their empty soften to the wea 1 hariet .leBreva J A Hertera, Htenry Had. Jose Alamsro,are no ether earthry gtanirea that caa give us an adn- teach their kason—no last turely because sueut.y—and ther Morris's Dock comes next in order, but it is rather•Cate idea ofhealth uienrnaie tnaa the ros> -Jacad ovm;»hs it map be that the moral nature of the working man is of a private nature, and there were but few there. The cia, Rafael Bodntwez- Manuel Henay Bueaay. Juan Galeoa,who live on the ouukirts of Uu.<_gr«at city. Indigent ar deriving quite as much beneht therefrom at if he wore next is Foriham Landing, but the boat did not stop atfortunatewhere he couldbanded, dilettante, Delicate handed priest mtbae,( a a Cieareu paiee in the park a rustic building has iiesn ere«ied.»hich,underthedireaioBofth*pro|wi8torsof the park eastaant enough of ali the refreshments appropratoBv tar the largest number of those from th* city are mead m this Park, each one amusingafter ha own taenia*. Same are in the little wooden ar ban assails of ice cream andm at random awar the ., whale large numbers are having impromptu picFTattavid' Jeaqnui M Mora aad friend, Alfredo Peyreliait, the passengers to that pomt were not forthcoming. The .1as* Br ABdrade ioennin gumiaaa. * " Hfanoues, Simielia their agii* m o v e w s n u and UMW nt of eaah ant it may well ho said thaitmal stopping place a Pant's Century House, and there the boats remain for a ahsrt time—long enough, however. to allow passengere to g* up to the Intel and refresh themselves, or take a streil in the neighborhood. Sondev week was the first lime thnt the boat ran to the Centurv House but they will herhtfter run t h e n regularly.DTJcaa, Pear*Pane, tiaaermo A|»ueh. Joan E mocBBBtoard.-Total 95. {tUriiisjkS-asiamaup MttBt«omaiT-wf F Waldoa and lady, OBHifiard, CIJ'; Caea Wersatt] aad i*dy. C 8GesBWaad ady BDanoaaadady. 8 DarOap aad ady, Mat DaateiaI Woaff. A B Pees, 8 F*rraai j . Ti Wdbaaw, J Colkna Jia thing of beauty and a <oyforever.Heat ofand there, some in group, eating thnr lunch, others en- shipped direct from New Orleans to Liverpool. The firstH>r.i.N.»—tHeamahip Quaker iity-^Sqaor le Pinzoc, Adm rall>paaisfanavy; Lieni«>oee I M>4Spanishaavy WU selves, maiij were thgT glances cast at the sky and BOM. Bamon wiihams. Joauiii nuer, Agostui Eodrbruez,did not land at a!!. but remained en board the boat and returned to the city, for fear of beinj caught in the storm.and lai;i .»•> Miasca '.wija>»a— [Enri^ae Valladarea, Henry Irev i"l•te. As Hareaaad, GBoMhafld. Sirs S F cle Qoasez and ton MivK » f deader and cbld.Mr> «Mfflet, Ool J WAfter leaving High Bridge, the boat goes to Brvaint. Mrs R Baaullca. €hv -Imft Fooler Ro»t Fowler. TBoawell. . 1 * Warae, . and aai: about tha river for aa hour or ao for s KfcetL JMCjeaavWAt any of the pomta akaittmieit above you caa obtainW Gro A Aranrn trifling turn On a fine Smntay the river a tiled With bcatiag parties, a n t they teem to enliven the anas* with their ainging aad gnat natared rivalry. Ladies can here tost the strength of their anas and theirunder sac shadow of High Bridge, aad many a fair anl baa "caught crabs'• while being taught;aoufc. Ma* Woed aad W Palmer P PalkaerI Bl e w t a a B d l fwhen or or aotfiad fatallyIn the ahanuce of torenderarerdatofunryof asing y o w n a n was or breaking their 'Untitled Documentwithoutwetting yourof thebnun," withoutMn. Manunsa Maro, wtt> «f Jan. mayo. a sroaractecan JmBMrnsa. aa _ of bis ag* Casnais CoureD wit eae oflhe foaadan of th* Maria* gaciear ef with taker uaamf an-T h e F i r s t B a l e o f C o t t o n .TO THE EDITOR OF THB jv'SW YORK HBBALO.pursue was to imagine themselves resigned They ar- in Lee counfy. Georca, 10a the, plantation of Jyp. Cock. flames couid be checked the are extended to the buildingservant; •> J Qjenaga. C Banco ado sand MUJI H Bemuao Ba-mon HiiiiBftaaT E A.iei Caauoo. fraacaoo Ljjaia»x>) Aab: there was ou are need in the vicinity ef the carpenter'sH Bartine.1 Bfcfaei Aaiuea, DavaijVewberey, Juhac V Perez, Juan Bolz. Xacei Oon-ftlez. Manuel <i Barioon, .^imesshop, no doubt remains that it waa the work of an ncendiaryCoromer.ASOTUsB i'tara tBOB Viotsjcx —Coroneran mqnom at the New York abapttel yeaterdaybody of Robert jslatterly, a native of Inann, atwo yean, who dad from twaswanahm af tharesult of fractun of the jaw. lacesned, itadmitted to th* Huspitai an tha lath haunt under the c a n of th* house mtgmm_ Upon tioaed bv hadidwith n brink, breakingFernun Bawafjh-.a Jose twara**. 1 >U*albns. Juaa B B a a , A c Rachel. A V D Ooaa. iC«ra*toherhneMa Maauei O Gar-confederate,prisoner insays thnt tne Spar.ard was ciibbed. and after being robbed o; all his money was thrown into an adjoining aliej way where his dead body was round soon afterwards by the i*>lice.named Ma.-^are'i.spos.ng of their victim. Miryon tiiat occasion bad no suspicion of any foul play , acid, in accor'larc" with the evideu.-e of the physician, rendered a verd let of • • Death from rupture of one of the vessels of the^^"^^ the day m the couBtry. aad the tret thing they do a toWrTearthen SZ"jaieg o**sMP teaaTO*ensus*-, aaw B»VJ are v> ravvThomas M. Tryniski J^SLa^ankstask^wT a?semtIX, a*. lii »i nana 1 wiaaiatoamaaioBa ate of to*309 South 4th Street Fulton New York13069www.fultonhistory.com 