 I"1pi "•"•"Hi.la * , ^*iIi .!NO. 8670.tf1Hwheeled to the right of the enclosure, while the promi-nent civilians entered it and took seats on the platformwere entertained by Senators and citizens at the private The Cabinet officers, with the exsfption of Secretary heeds them not His trust is in the shield of the Most time broke forth, it was already half subdued when re- natilan cat of the totter. High. The quality most conspicuous in this incident and buked by one woo had triumphed often, but neverFloyd, sat together. The President, Vice President and the one most frequently accorded to Washington, is that more signaUp than when he triumphed over him-*rfi• t4 Iaw'wsave the oomplatmg grace; for the perfect comaatogtiog Mifflin had been the scenes of disaster to his forces; and, Would that I I leaaa ef >TOBsetoa agreed upon wee aa fbetowt:-. of preaeaee. aad valor, aad wtodom, la bis mental ooosti- to crown aB. Philadelphia was to aaaawstoa of the eae1 d 1Mraasmlt to the latest posterity their Owing If ftGrand Master-''Oil:'' May health, riving than 'byCorn,WtoeandOil Sentence*ao^ndW T t t*e ton*.SIbre-thoi them, butdTw> *«cay for oar extotsnes as a nation, for our tree Institutions,far oar brief bat happy history, so replete with tae evi-leacee of providential intervention. We give Tnee heartythanksfarthebravesoldierythatconqueredoarliberties,for tbe noble self sacrificing leaders who directel them Intheir marches aad •arshsltoil them in butto, and par-uculariy into day, to tbe preaenoe of tbto patriotic soeae,would we give Thee thanks Mr him whamthese eeresaoatos are totoaasd to honor. We presto Toee own immediate supervision it had bean, on tbe whole, aa ship. Would that it* doctrines for bis beauttlul sad lofty character, to which Christianity unlucky saaastotoa Brandy wine, (Jermantown, and Fort into every mind, hutDeputy Grand Master reported: "The craftsmen have done their duty " The level aad plumb war* mat ap plied, and a similar report was made. The Grand Master de daredthepedestalthatsupportsthestatue -'Wellformed tree sad trusty;" aad continued: "May the Supreme Architect of the universe atrengtbenand aupport all;those who shall manual the work whtoh our Wastoagmn beaan Baator Grand Warden— Wine' May the Givert «Military a n d Civic Tbe surviving Officers sad Soldiers of the War of lftlg-Uringing in hto ears ; to his rude entrenchments atRound Meadows, surrounded by a much superior forceof French aad Indians, sad tor away from homeaad succor: at Braddock's defeat, when carnagestrewed the field, aad when hto hone had been twicei flThomas M. Tryniski 309 South 4th Street Fulton New York 13069www.fultonhistory.com%wpimstill,its firm establishment to the freedom ef aIi^•^•^^^N^I^^I^^WIFire, Haas aad other Companies, Artisans, Trades and Unions.ciate the extent of their loss. Aad even his friends were drifts ontowardsTrenton; at tbto very battle of Prince- or marred by some crime? Love of glory, loat of do- of tbe noble Potomac, which Washington loved se wall VMmFl2[ ft* w # * W l «* tounortoBty which his name ton, while under the guns of the enemy, aad enveloped in minion, or greed or gain, is written by tbe pea of history and of the shores of the ancient Commonwealth which was destined to attain. So strange aad difficult of appre- upon the escutcheon of all. Think, then, of the eminent gave him birth, I now solemnly dedicate this statue to the:sunbeams latest linger, and where the breezes fromTHE NEW TORRALD. 1860. PRICE TWOfHOLB•jflflKtTOni BIRTHDAY.Wlf«Tio#in« •lauury" • ^ ^ e m c a i t n a t tOILMORNING EDITION-THURSDA Y , FEBRUARY23,CENTS.delay"theGod, alwaystry- v. s a d OfI treat, — that toref t»e Eqiestrian Statue of 5kiBgtofl at the National Capital.^^"^S^^"^'*^*^'people. Washington had the singular good fortune to doat, which left Mew York as Tues-sad they moved with the precision of a grandaftertheExecutiveofficersofthegovernment. ThisWashington's position, between opposing tires, was one of Nations looked on in wonder; those who doubted the in- century shall have rolled by, bearing its fruits into the Washington's library, where it remained until permission greatdanger. Aterrificdischargefromtheenemy'sguns tegrityofmankind,andfeltsurethatbeaimedatthe bosomoftbepast;evenwhenmenshalltookbacktothis wasgrantedforacopytobemadeforthtonoblesubject at one time enveloped bim in a cloud of smoke. He was imperial purple, were struck dumb with astonishment. time, through the haze and mist of a remote and tar off The uniform is a foe ttWe of the one worn by Washing-• s i tte Decretory.of of Representatives, and their Qterk.for the District and Clerk-The Judges end Oerka of the several Courts of the United States wtthia the District of Columbia.OBATIOX.Ma. Pasanmrr, GmnUBtai or THI JOIST COMMITO* orGosmaaa i n FOLLOW CmnEcs-lt has been something than sixty years since, to a plain bat patriarchal southern' hank of the Potomac, George Washington yielded to the power of death, aad gave uphisspirit into the hands of his Father aad hie God. Around that death-had were the usual indtoattoas of grief, aad something more than the usual appototmento of respect and reverence. The shock produced throughout the land by the announcement of the event was followed by a strong outburst of sorrow. Meetings wereheld,fu neral orations were delivered, sorrowing resolutions were psssed, the Congress of the United States deemed It a fit occasion to cad out its best talents to set forth the merits of the dscesasd, aad even in Englani and France appropriate honors were offered. But even all this did not show the extent to which the services and character of Washington had Impressed the public mind of his ownawverse cast bim down, to the one case he felt that he had merely been an instrument in tbe aivancement of a good work; In the other, be rwbed that He who itsostronger thanadverse fortune, would, In His own good time, take careef His own cause. He was, therefore, proa* " to hop*against hope." It was nto maxim "never to despair.''Baaed " himself to took oat from th» present illto the future good. Confidence to final triumph was both, and to die at last at heme sad in the bosom of htoalways present with him-a cahn and sedate, but family. Hero! Patriot! Sage! If there be one title more Impulse. I i his long aad hurried marches pure,^more lofty, more noble than all others, by that titlethroogh unbroken forests, with the yells sf the savages I would name him. To whom shall we liken him, or withand of the War with Mexico.The Officers of the Executive, Lqrtolative aad Judicial Departsnesmiaot included la the foregoing.The Masonic sad other similar Associations.The Faculties and Students of Colleges and Acedeoeiee.a season appear to envelop ml (Apolaueel^he boaora. ble and Important duty baa been asstoaed m m* o/dadi auction or native American senius Ifcta . i i n n . . .tliWD WSPtAY OF CITIZEM SOLWERY The Trustees and Male Teachers and Pupila of the Public country and of the world. Nations knew him great, but Schools of the District of Columbia. knew not half the worth that lay concealed beneath bish eshot from nnder urn, aad tbe bails from the enemy'sguns had four times pierced hto garments; on that gloomy Alexander aad Hannibal, Scylto aad Cesar, Charlemagne surrounded by the Senators and Bepreaentatim oFTiI bees delayed tix boon over the uauai time occu-•jal to a trip lo thai e*y. Into waa occasioned by an ob- mad* a fine martial appearance. Tbe Port Tobacco Oaval-ry—a new company, add to be the wealthiest corps in the struction at Havre de Grace, caused by the switching off country—added much to tat interest of the prooeaskm.diately after the Revolution. The delay has perhaps re- sulted from the fact that no suitable national artist could heretofore be obtained. If Mr. Mills has been found com- petent to this great work—and the public voice pro- nounces that he has been—then he Is moM fortunate InW , m e t t o o o b t f o r^' ' !^ u * *• *>od of hteoountersf a locomotive at that pomi It was Mated by a dtisenaf that place that it was a preconcerted arrangement be- Tat various colored uniforms of the soldiery afforded his subject It has recently been said of a kindred artaualities were so rare, sad hto virtues so uncommon that ley were not undented and appreciated by the world at large. His peculiar skill in Indian warfare brought upon himdhe reproach of a British General, who gave hto life as a forfeit for hto error. His well timed delays and masterly inactijtity caused him to be called,reproach-haven of hto hopes. Had he been leas a good prayer of all present, aad may each oa* return for none but a good man could so love tbe calm and more determined to do hto whole duty to God aad hispleasant contrasts, their metallic adornments sad arms to breakfast at that point. and accoutrements refracting the rays of the sua, which tat eight o'clock A. If., was on the decline. The man on horse aad afoot, thewhat with equal beauty and truth Is applicable to this:—Art in lis mighty privilege receives Painter ana painted iu its bonds forever.A girl by Raphael in hia glory Uvea; A Waahmgton unto bialimner jivesdelights of privacy, and the pure joys of the do- mestic circle and the family fireside. Had he been not so much a great one, be would never have left his home. Strange decree of fate! that in this western world, but re- cently known to civilisation, and only partially reclaimed from savages, over which the dull oblivion of unnum- bered centuries had not yet ceased to brood; without literature,without polite arts,without settled socialor- ganisation, without position among nations—that in suchcountry than when we assembled here today.The distinguished speaker took hto seat amid generaland most enthusiastic applause. CBVB1UKO THE STATCX.Clark Mills, the artist, then advanced giving tbe order to unveil the statue. In the hurry to do thto the atten-t the switctunan and a hotel keeper, ao as to get thefI on their arrival by a grand salute o I SB eseert from the Baltimore Qty Guard, eoi one baaaTSd and sixty-three strong.latter class especially, had a fin* opportunity of testing whether the cleaning of the muddy avenue yesterday had to-day sufficiently accommodated their tocomonvn par-Aa age'a love to crown bis beat endeavor.The historical incident which the work Is designed espe-cially to illustrate affords some key to the character of itsgreat subject, and suggests the Hue of remark which I difficulties to encounter. We had a sparse popu-through the principal streets. poses. It Is to be presumed that this wise provision didbefore nine o'clock A M. both onsnmands the Baitimore and Washington railroad depot; they proceeded to the latter place, toa land, almost unknown and utterly uncared for, there dants did not perform the duty perfectly, and only a part not prove satisfactory. A full force of policemen was shall pursue. I shall not attempt a review and philoso- lation scattered over a wide extent of territory, and hav- should have arisen a man who was destined to equal, in of the statue was revealed. A cry from some one to thefar In advance of the imposing column, their busi- phical analysis of the whole conduct and character of ing no unity of feeling even in relation to the Revolution the estimation of the virtuous and the good, all ancientWashington. . Were such an attempt suited to the occa- itself, which was brought on, more for the violation of ab- glery and all modern fame. Tbe verdict of the French crowd of "Tear the shirt off," oecsatonea much laugh-Bke part In the oeresaonto* at Washington. The train ©on • advancing. la addition to these were the President, Vice 1 of twenty eight cars. On the trip the Seventh were President, members of the Cabinet, Senators and repre-wan a bouatiful supply of refreshments sentatives, and other high dignitaries, the surviving offi-contending against a common enemy, had yet a great feel- ' which our race has made in wisdom and virtue be derivedlng of individuality and jealousy among themselves. Somel from the veneration paid to the Immortal name of Wash expressions of wild delight, greeted the exhibition. Thei the hospitality of the Baltimore battalion. Bomof them were often remiss In duty. Among the officers,! ington." As certain vegetable products are the natu- waving of bats and handkerchiefs by persons wtthia aad coming as they did from different States, there was much;; ral growth of particular soils, at particular times, soi the Qty Hall, where the Militia of drawn up la line, and saluted themarched peat to their quarters.ef the Seventh is at the National Baal, where the Ootonel and hia field and staff offioers aje stopping, atoo the Fourth, Fifth sad Eighth com- BUMS. The hand to at the Monument House, and the lhat sad Third compaaies at Brown s; the Treop and at the Clarendon, and the Sixth andi companies at the United States.Notwithstanding the rain Mora, which commenced hithe Boning, and the mad ankle deep, the President eetaea a postponement of the meuguratton proceedings impracticable. Nothing remained has for the Seventh to prepare to Bee their pace hi the line of the military. The occasion brought people fro m all parts of the district The hotels were crowded. All the public buildings werethat tbe navy officers, together with the army officers, should appear on horseback, but they did not do so, and it to suggested that, not wishing to be considered "horse marines," they made their dtoptoy on footIn addition to the others to the procession were authorities, members of the Maryland Legislature, rest dent and visiting Masons, Including the Fredericksburg (Va>) Lodge, la which Washington was Initiated one hundred and six yean ago. Tbe latter bore the interesting relics connected with Washing- ton's history ss a Mason, Including the original papers, the BM of members of the Lodge, and the Bible used on the occasion of his installation as a Master Mason. The Potomac Lodge, of Georgetown, produced the gavel used by Washington when he aid the corner stone of the Capital.Major General Jesap commanded the military, andsome men spring almost necessarily out of certain outside the enclosure, was a noticeable feature; andgayty decked wMh flags and streamers and banting. At George W. Phillips, United States Deputy Marshal for tbeheight Thebasetomarble,thefigureto bronze,aadear pedestal to divided into three parts, representing three great epochs in our country's history. The first story re- presents the country as it was when first discovered and inhabited by Indiana The second story represent* the dawn of civilization, and the third represents the great Revolutionary epoch. Washington's generals are all re- presented, life size, and tn full relief, surmounted by thethe sky became dear, sad the streets of the cityDistricts! Columbia, had charge of the civil branch of theAlong the routeThefiremen,residents and visiters made a fine Inde- under Colonel Hugh Mercer, whom Waahingtoa hid sent fields, and exposed to tbe rigors of stl BstoiMi, under on to enter Princeton by a route different from his own. such circumstances It required a Washington to achieve pendent display. They split off from the main proces- A collision ensued, and the troops under Colonel Mercer the glorious result of the American Revolution. But thetion. Such was the spirit of our contest Be had great aelf control. Unlike other revolution*, ours advanced not one step beyond the point proposed. Having reachedfound in Cpham's "life of Washington," page 218, where Weahtogton, after aeverei teeflsetual attempts to rally hto troops, advanced BO near to the enemy's lines that hto horse refused to go farther, bat stood trembling, while the balls tore up the earth under hto feet; sad while noble horse to represented terror stricken, tbe the -VWJV uviev me tcyi' o^uicu tciiui am ivmctii weav vaaaaaawwawoaa hero is cahn and dignified, as if believing himself the In___—t ^, ,„4_- ,__. .1.(...vw- ..,apt*^TM"^Wfe*BW WSJpJ!».h„»J1«\ff SfChristmas night, while struggling across the Delaware aad Marlborough, Bonaparte aad Wellington. Which one the States of tie Confederacy, and by a vast aasemblace literary,Scientific,BenevolentorCharitableSocieties, modestlife. Hiscountrymenfailedatfirstfullytoappre- amidthefloat'ngtoe,orwhilemarchingagainstthesnow ofthemallhasnotarecordmarkedbysomeweakness, ofourfellowcitizens,civilandmilitary,andtofullvtowTV **eato*» "' «of Ik* Onitor of the op, aad the column, extending over half a mile In length,the smoke of their fire; to bis cheerless winter quarters atdaring life is the quality that divides be- Valley Forge, his men perishing with cold aad hunger, statesmen whose talents have illustrated sad qualities en- immortal memory of the Father of hto Country. (Ap-Citizens and Strangers.The oaanas moved at about half past three, aad the tweea the man that shall live and the man that his secret enemies plotting hto own overthrow, and the nobled their age and country. I will not attempt te name plause). I periorm this act of pious devotion, not in the otherassociationsfeUin.Theskyhadpartiallyclearedshalldie.Butaaatthecomingonofserenenight,onestarcountrydiscouragedatthesaddeningprospect;onthatthem.Butwhotothereamongthemall,who,havingthenameofthepeopleoftheNorth,ortheDay. ptnmeilef op Pennsylvania avenue under pleasing aus- pices,except the mad.of the country. Consider, if you please, howRichelieu lived, aad hoar Woolsey died; and tellland will berttfddedwith the monuments of his fame and The New/ York Seventh regiment was the greatest at- the trophies of his immortality. Several of tbe leadingme. then, if these were each a* Washington. Iwill not equal him with the Scripture patriarch*. forever. (Loud applause, sad trim of "Hurrah for OldDX8CBIPTI0H (DP THE STATUE. traction of tbe procession, containing eight full com- cities oi tbe Union have already erected within their limits some suitable work to commemorate his greatness. Thispanies, each extending nearly from curb to city, called aa It is with his name, the seat of governmentcurb. The Baltimore battalion of Qty Guards, in of our country, his country—a country he loved so well, Hi Celebration in l e w York tad point of discipline aad numbers, elicited universal com- and served so truly—should not be behind to this labor of love. Far to the east, keeping steady watoh upon theIt would be wrong so to do. What of mere mortality Buck.") May the God of our fathers preserve the consti- could equal thefirmnessof Moses, aa he came down from tution and the Union for ages yet to come. May theye f uloUw ttU*L? *TM»i! & ^ •» "a** «** whSle'heavens glow with Hvtog sapphires, so, since the dose of bis day,nn , WwM,ottf ^ ^?°/ *i^^ * «'. till soon the wholefinalfieldof Yorktown. where the issue of the war and wtodom always to perceive, bad, at the same time, South, the East, or the Wan; not in tbements. The Law Greys were small in number compared federal Capitol, stands the colossal statue by Greenough. - S f K 0 1 ^ , •"•F^fi nmm fecundity of genius with the foregoing, batwere highlydisciplined,andat- Yonder,Inthe south,in lonely isolation, is a structure wrch»_Til2^not •• f0**. ••» c»»»ot *• restrain- whose incompleteness we regret, and which to designed to S L . f i 1 h J L i * m r t * M l ""^n1*! fl**** v « T strong,tracted much sttentton. Tbe corps of Marines stationed sustain another colossal statue that, as Its presidingattheWashingtonNaryYard,onehundredandsixtyin genius,shalloverlooktheexecutivemansionofthecoun- TheTripefttoaSeveattoReftmeatto number,hadtherightofthecolumn,aadreceivedthe try.Here,Inthisappropriatespot,wherethesummeris honesty, and self control to selfish calculation. But ledge. I would not deal in any exaggeration, but I desire— Mwan.De/i SJBUU CCU-UUCITlw^L!l^5*1•,,i"0Ci,a^,te, ^waBtofaultInregardto tobejust Washingtonmayhavenadambition,butit thevanityofhumangreatness;batItwillteachthelea-iurrmmtncMCETWOWITTHIri)wi,nc. f j n a m , Feb. 23,IBM.thebluehillsofhisownnativeandbelovedVir-cheers of the spectators as they passed. The ordnanceman, about fifty to number, made a fine display as a full ginia delight to play, we inaugurate this day a company of light artillery. The Georgetown College Ca- statue of. America's greatest patriot by one ofsad discipline. The Alexandria military participated, and a work resolved on by the Continental Congress imme-America's living artists, an equestrian statue of „ J Washington on Wednesday noon, dets mad* a creditable appearance to point of numbers George Washington by Clark Mills—a tardy completion of>v ashmgton. He waa naturally a man of high passions. was not of that stamp that made the angels fall. He loved son to all the dwellers upon earth that oar greed politi- popularity, but not to gratify a vulgar vanity. Hto ambi- cal experiment has failed and that man to tiwapahta of was impulsive, but his impulses were curbed. What, tion was for his country's good. He took office to achieve self-government May such a direful disaster with another, might have been selfish calcutotton, was a great end. When that was accomplished he withdrew to the human race be averted, aad to the gladly to that retirement which was ever grateful te hto language of Solomon at the dedication of the Jewish heart, and which, in all circumstances and conditions In temple, "May tbe Lord our God be with a*, a* B e which he might be placed, always stretched out was with our fathers. Let him nek, leave oa before him. In the future, aa the calm and peaceful or forsake us." (Applause.) May thto he Oaness being to keep the way clear for those sion, it baa been forbidden to me by the shortness of the stract right than for aay felt oppression. There were, philosopher Guisot, pronounced in view of hto wholewho, to the sounds of many hands of music, were brisklyter. A young man, agile as a monkey, swiftlycers and soldiers of the Revolution in uniform, who had a i there at noon, and marched to Judi- place merely in the printed programme. It was provide!Cornwallis just about to embark lor England, In thecomfortable assurance that the conquest of thecolonies was already virtually accomplished—asad mistake for him, as the future was destinedto prove. General Howe, the British commander,arrested his departure, and sent him with a considerableforce into New Jersey, to check and drive back tbe Ame-rican army. Leaving in his rear a quantity of stores atBrunswick, and a number of troops at Princeton, Corn-wallis went forward to Trenton, near which the Americanforces under Washington then were, toconsequanceofhar-rassments which he met on the way, be did not enterTrenton until about' nightfall, aad therefore determinedto delay till tbe icllowing morning bis Intended attack onWashington. The latter,findinghimself face toflfee witha force greatly superior t> his own, aad knowing thateither to suffer a repulse or voluntarily to retreatfrom theJerseys would at that time exert a very disastrous Influ-ence on the patriot cause, struck oat one of those grandmanoeuvres with which he occasionally astonished hisfriends aad overwhelmed his adversaries. Leaving a fewmen to keep up fires and other camp operations duringthe night, thus deceiving the enemy, and then to followafter, he drew off the body of his forces in the dead ofnight, and made a hurried march to Princeton. Reach-ing the vicinity of that town in tbe early morningHefound the troops left there by C jrnwallis in the act of set- money were almost boundless. With raw recruits, badly ting out for Trenton. One or two regiments clothed, badly fed, badly paid and often changing; with under Colonel Maw hood, already on the march, insubordinate offioers plotting hto overthrow, sad Con- intercepted a division of the % i a t t f i s a . force gress giving very often hut feeble aid; amid desolatedthe cityPericles, able, accomplished, magnificent, waa the repre^ aentativemanofAthensinthetimeofherhighestcivili- zation and prosperity. Richard L was the representative man of England in the days of chivalry, and Charles II in the days of gallantry. These men could aearely haveSFKECH OF CLABK MILLS, THI A-RTI8T.Clark Mills being loudly called for, addressed the assem-this section of the country.ef march on Pennsylvania avenue the balconies and win-sows of the houses, hotels, and Treasury sad State De- sion on a point of etiquette, desiring to be placed near the were repulsed. A division of Pennsylvania militia, com- crowning act of glory, la this connection, remained to be that, it subsided as easily, sa gracefully and as quietly aapalaaaB were ailed with the smiling tacee of thousands military and not in proximity to the civilians.ing up to his relief, were also checked, and were In dan- done. With a laurel crowned and confiding army at his though the voice of Omnipotence itself had spoken to the ger of being routed. At this juncture Washing on himself back; witb tbe praises of a grateful nation ringing in his great deep of our society, saying—"Peace, be still." dashed up on his white charger, and seeking by voice and ear; when the existing form of government had al Could he have lived in ancient days tbe strains of im-sf ladies, the principal feature, however, In the wholeNone of the diplomatic corps were present. Theyyroeaaslta was the prisonoa ef the Seventh Regiment. were assigned a place in the programme imme- example to rally the living troops, and encourage the ready provoked discontent; when ambition might mortal verse would have told hto deeds, and fond ad-On the route of march they proceeded in column halting militia, rushed forward under the very muzzles of well have tired his heart, and glory beckoned him on to herents would have numbered him among the gods.diately after the Judges of the Supreme Court the enemy's guns. His soul waa thoroughlyfiredwith those higher reaches of power which most men so Those days are past, but we have yet hearts to admire,by companies. The carriage of the men was of the United States, but this they declined to occupy, for determined zeal. The contagion spread. The American much desire to attain, he nobly went forward and sur- and pens to record, and tongues to praise his private of Washington, at Mount Vernon, In 1786, by Monsieur •net,theirbanddiscoursedmoMexcellentmusic,thereason,ittosaid,thattheirplaceshouldbedirectlytroops,withtheirreinforcements,returnedtothecontest.renderedhiscommissionintothebandsofCongress.virtuesandhtopublicworth.AndwhencenturyafterHoudcnThtocastwasplacedonabracketovertbedoorinpass of machmory. Indeed, it was remarked by Con point of etiquette was previously raised on the occasion ofgteameaandothersthatthepresenceoftheNewYork- losttotheviewofhisownfriends,andhisaffectionateThestarofhismilitaryrenownpales,now,beforetheantiquity,ifthisshallstillbealandoffreemen,tbtodayton,whichtonowinthePatentOffice.Thetrappingsofen on this great national occasion reflected great credit a the Stole and city of New York. In the enthusiasm of as occasion there were some oversights committedaid-de camp gave him up in despair. Tbe cloud was, how-shall still be fondly cherished as tbe anniversary of thethe funeral of Postmaster General Brown, and has not yet been decided.the horse are from that truthful artist and patriot, Trum- bull. Ladles and gentlemen, it will be to my memory a dark day Indeed when I snail forget tbto vast concourseever, not charged with ruin, but filled with mercy. He The column reached the President's bouse at about was presently seen to emerge unhurt. The greatest en-birth of Washington; increased reverence shall attend htofour o'clock, under an unclouded sun. Altogether, it was thusiasm seized the American forces. The enemy in turn Bat should not have occurred. For instance, the finest miliary and civic display in Washington for gave way, and as he saw them breaking into Sight, Wash-character, and thickening honors shall cluster around htoname. Upon this representative and similitude of the of persons around me; and should this humble effort meetthe Seventh regiment, instead of being allowed ington waved his hat in enthusiastic and exultant tri- to enter the circle in which the ceremonies were many years. Pennsylvania avenue was crowded with umph. At the moment already describe 1, whenboth residents and visiters. The patriotic excitement waa he dashes forward towards the enemy's guns, to be held, defiled to the right, and halted on intense, owing to the anticipated interesting events. The and draws himself up In calm defiance, as though hefore the world, the winds shall blow, the rains shall fall consciousness or having perpetuated te imperishablethe road, where the mod was six Inches deep. After the enter of the day commenced speaking, Colonel Leflerta •arched the regiment from the ground back to their quarters long before the ceremonies ended.The Seventh regiment will he received to-morrow by Clark Mills, the artist, were In proximity to each other, of high unconquerable will; but that term very faintly self. When a sectional spirit began to break forth (and itPrestoest Buchanan at the White House, at ten A. M. and the orator of the day was, of course, conspicuous.Ii the evening many of the members of the Seventhview of the procession as it neared the circle of the greatThey will afterwards proceed to visit the House of Rep-Thty will depart for home to-morrow, and arrive in New Chile, the Netherlands, Ecuador, Denmark, Portugal, Bar. patriot Even the fallen angel, In his loat and ruined zens, but also as the first of American patriots. Whateverthat dumb image tell its eloquent story of patriotism, de-votion and self sacrifice: year after year shall it teach itsholy lesson of duty and of faith; with generation aftergeneration shall it plead for Institutions founded in wis- work, aad Captain Page mate some statements which im- dom and a country bought with blood. To the clouds aadTork on Friday, between eight and ten o'clock AM.dtnla, Central America, Naples, Spain, Mexico, Buenos Ayrea, Paraguay and Rome. Oar own flag waved above all, and the desk was profusely decorated with the stripes sad Mara* THE INAUGURATION CEREMONIES.It was nearly five o'clock before the ceremonies com- menced.storms that gather over and break upon it, it will tell of the great clouds and storms through which its great anti ty pe did peas in bis devoted course on earth; and whenlafwimiTWi «r i n mumvmt, Feb. 23,1800.The eae hundred and twenty sixth anniversary of the hrtbday ef Washington was celebrated in this city to-day by the inauguration of Clark MUto' equestrian statue of the lath tr of his Country(the luminary of the heavens, descending with ' hto artist Mr. Mills felt thai a crisis had arrived in his his golden shower of beams like Imperial Jove, shall wrap iti drenching rain commenced u fall about eight o'closk>n the day, however, there baprovaniBul in the weather, and it was ro-men, women aad children—who soon took po*. watched over my steps, I trust," he. But I would that his try towards England and France created great bitterness belief in destiny should not be misunderstood. It had in of party feeling, in which the administration was involved. seeaionofalltheseats,from whichtheyhadaflue itnothingweak*orsuperstitious. Itwasnottbewild andwhichthehonoredheadofthatadministrationdidMr. Bocock was greeted with general and repeatedcheers, and throughout hto address was frequently inter- the principle upon which I rely for the suoosee of my rupted by applause, and particularly at the work, and (pulling out hto miniature statue) If a close the approbation of his auditors was wild horse of this sin will reamin poised open hto and enthusiastic. He spoke without any notes whatever, hinder top, will not a horse of double fit* sisefSHITE.Senator Hammond announced a prayer by the Rev. Dr. Nadal, of the Methodist Episcopal Church. Scarcely had h the morning, and this etrcumstanee, together with the the divine uttered the first sentence, when the gates of thein its warm embrace, it shall tell the sun that He who gave him hto beams and bade bim shine has decreed that one day tbe darkness of eternal night shall settle on hto face, but then the spirit of the mighty Washington, bask- ing in an eternal sunlight above, snail stillA darkening universe defy To quench hk immortality, Or shake bis trust in Uod.tory, and doubting hto capacity to convince Captain Pageby discussing the question to the papers, he made a small cast of the statue. Armed with thto he called upon Captain Page, aad, without an introduction, he asked whether an iron bar of aoartaia size and length would not lift a certain weight? Captain Page replied that it would. If, said Mr. MUM, the bar was double the thickness, but still of the same length, would it not raise double the weight? Captain Page again assented. Then, said Mr. Mills, yon have acknowledgedThe platform was tastefully decorated with the flags of England, France, Russia, Prussia, Austria, Brazil, Peru,estate, boasted still of—The unconquerable will And study of revenge—immortal hate, And courage never to submit or yield,The resolve of George Washington in the afl'nr at Princeton and elsewhere was firmly grounded on and thoroughly imbued with conscientious conviction of duty. Duty! duty waa the great controlling idea with him; and this was his distinguishing character. Few men ever had so strong a sense of duty; and perhaps none who, in the affairs of this world, bad such an opportunity for its use- ful exercise. In every situation of difficulty or of dan- ger it was a "light to his feet and a lamp to his path." So strong, so deep, to sublime was his sense of duty. that in its discbarge be felt himself under .specialsemicircle were, in obedience to an order but guidance and protection of an overruling destiny. "I •nsjilial of she Seventh regiment at the appointed think I see clearly tbe finger of Providence in my past ltoa ooatorecce with a view to a postponement a few minutes previously issued, thrown open, life," was a form of expression used by him, and again and in poshed the thousands of impatient outsiders- he said, "As the All-wise disposer of events has hithertowisdom could devise, or firmness execute, or clemency soften, or self devotion suffer, all this, it was known, might confidently he expected of him. As the military career sf Washington bad its trials, its hardships aad its mental disquietudes,so his administration of the executive office was not unattended with many anxieties and difficul- ties. In putting the new machinery into motion, there was st once a question about ceremonials. The hatred to aristocracy was so great that It looked with suspicion even upon those simpleformswhich are almost insepara- ble from political and even social organization. The In dlans on our frontier created disturbances which it was necessary to quell; and an insurrectionary movement in one of the States, growing out of our excise laws, though quickly suppressed, gave real trouble.Then, too, an unhappy difference which early arose among the constitutional advisers of the President, in relation to the finance and currency questions, continued daring many years of his adminis- tration. And ultimately she relative relations of our counplied a doubt of the power of the artist to balance a bone of bronze upon bis hind lege, which, though often at- tempted, bad never been accomplished by any Europeanwoull challenge his fate, and was indifferent to tbe re- sult—it Is as he appears at this moment that the artist seeks to present him in the statue before us. How firmbut the fame which he acquired In thefield,and the cha racter and qualities he thus developed, enabled htm, bet- ter than all others, to inaugurate our experiment of civil government If doubts were entertained about the new constitution, it was something in its favor that he had been President of the Convention which framed It, and that he gave it hto assent If men were jealous of tbeand the storms shall beat; but it shall sianl unhurt amid bronze the form and features ofnet only toe Here of New them all So shall it be with tbe fame of bim whose Orleans, but the Hero of the Revolution, whose fife andimage it is. The breath of unfriendly criticism may blow charater has ever been my admiration. (Cheers and ap- upon it; the storms that betoken moral or social change plause.)may break upon it; but it shall stand firmly fixed ANECDOTE OF CLABK MILLS.in the hearts and memories of every true and honest and Clark Mills' life Is full of interest While patiently sab liberty loving man who inhabits oar land or cherishes ourinstitutions. The inhabitants of this city, as they behold mining to the falling rain at the circle, aad waiting tor thethis statue day after day, will took upon it aa tbe palla- arrival of the procession, a prominent citizen aifaded to an dium of their privileges and the silent guardian of theirprosperity. And tbe thousands and tens or thousands event which illustrates the energy of Mr. Mills' character,point of attraction. was truly splendid.The procession having reached the circle the military his resolve! how his great soul Is uplifted by a sense of power lodged in tbe new central Executive bead, it aidedbis noble mission! Feeling himself an instrument of Heaven, to accomplish a nation's deliverance, he fears no harm. The messengers of death fly around him, but heto reconcile them when they reflected that the power thus given was in the hands of one of so much moderation and true patriotism. V a spirit of lawlessness at anydescribes bis leading characteristic, here or elsewhere. In mere will there is no moral quality. It may be an in- strument of evii, n»t less than an instrument of good—the attribute of the highwayman or pirate, as well as of thesometimes did, even at that early day), it saw at the head of affairs one who had made every section of tbe Union tbe witness of his trials, hto exertions and bis dangers, and who was known not only as thefirstof Virginia citi-that from every nation, kingdom and tongue yearly go and the peculiar force of his intellectual powers. The forth to gaze upon and admire the wonders of tbe earth, association by whom Mr. Mills had been employed to when they shall come up to this "Mecca of the mind," shallpause with reverential awe as they gaze upon this simili- make the equestrian statue of Jackson, which now tude of the mighty Washington. Year after year shallll**programmeshouldbecarriedoat»to the afternoon before the procession was In view and an opportunity to hear all that was said. The dream of the visionary, who reads in every operation of not entirely escape. Throughout all, however, WashingMeanwhile, the notes of busy preparation every- Theringingof belle was cmtiaued, sad i and decorations in all diree- i aaraaony with the great occasion. The go-testy offices were closed, and there waa adelusion of the enthusiast, who mistakes the morbid actionof his own corporeal system for the manifestation of spiri-tual impulse, not, Indeed, the madness or the fanatic, whofeels the prompting of his own wicked passions, and callsit tbe voice of God; nor yet was it a belief In that blind, much displayed in hto military career. Here, again, as Almighty God, infinite in majesty, wisdom, power and, nnreaeoning fate, that, In tbe moral economy of the soon as his sense of public duty would allow, he withand though he was physically indisposed, acquitted him- self to a manner that eHcited the warmest encomiums on his style of oratory.THE MASONIC CERBKONIES.George C. Whiting, Esq., Grand Master of the Grand Lodge of the District of Columbia, then proceeded to con- duct the Masonic ceremonies. In addressing the BightWorshipful Senior Grand Warden, be said:—In compliance with the request of the Committee of Ar1 raagements, and in obedience to the order of the Mos Worshipful Grand Lodge of the Free and Accepted MasonsCaptain Page looked oa to aatontohment He examined the model awasastp, sad tvclsiaad, "Why, yon are Mr. MUto!" Mr. Mills made himself known, and apologized for not introducto* himself by remarking that be waa completely absorbed in the work so important to him. Captain Page then entered upon a number of abstruse cal- culations, whtoh convinced bim of the correctnea of Mr. MUto' theory, aad from that time ao farther obstructions were placed in his path. Mr. MUto staJ receives the dis approval of the artists of thto city, but from all person*, high and low, the meed of praise is awarded to the self- taught American artist.confusion and noise at this point were certainly not in ac- nature some vaticination of duty or of fate; not the deep ton, by bis great weight of character, hto sound, clearholiness, we would humbly bow ourselves aa a nation in ancient Greek, spoke through Oracles and pursued with drew from public positioa. Had Washington never lived,cord ance with the solemn part of the ceremonies. THI PRAYER.The following is the prayer offered up by Dr. Nadal:—the dust at thy glorious met. aad acknowledge the weak- Furies. His sense of duty was a robust, manly feeling, what would have been the result of our Revolutionary t arrived M hah* peat eleven o'clock, ness of ear strength—the waywardness of our own sta- the verdict of a sound judgment, sustained by an active, struggle? Had he died immediately after the dose of the bility—tbe worthtessness of oar own righteousness—the healthy conscience. And in acting up to its dictates, he war, what would have been the fate of our governmental having been cleared by the previous train uncertainty of oar truth, and the immutability of oar de- felt himself under the guidance and protection of the experiment? These are speculations which it will never M7 Ben all told, including the pendence upon thee. Look down upon the nation's up- Great Arbiter of truth and justice. This was the basis of be allowed us in this life to solve. As, In the one case, corps, aad occupied twenty-six ears, lifted face la pity—look In mercy—hear and forgive our sins. his belief in destiny. Stayed by It as by a great anchor, we cannot say that the struggle would not ultimately have When we consider the heavens which Thou hast made, the bis soul was calm, steadfast, Immovable. He had not ended triumphantly, so, In the other, we do not know BTe.tJ0.frae train was under control mooa and the stars, the works of Thy angers, we are ready that vulgar firmness whish boasts itself for a purpose and that our present form of government would not havesad waa the heaviest ever drawn ever to cry out from the tiny world we Inhabit, "Lord, what to surrendera for a price. His was thatfiraness that repels been successfully established. For myself, I doubt of tbe Driatrict of Columbia, itto my will and pleasure that man, that Thou takest account of him, or tbe Son of Man temptation aad makes one calmer aa the storm grows the latter proposition fuBy ss much aa the former. Under we sow perform our humble part in the dedication of thisthe road by eae«o Bear qeariers, to partake of their first meal leap upon their bases in honor of our heroes encouragement of Washington, it Is scarcely a matter Slate may have ultimately made the port, It to certain Washington to peculiarly cherished, for to the city. The President replied that in these troubteeom* that she would have encountered more adverse currents world's admiration of hia character and hiaAt forty «a Tuesday and statesmen; but one thought of Thee, of Thine of doubt that they would have been ready to make and been tossed upon mare tempestuous seas. The po countrymen's gratitude for hto great services, it to our timeshe could noteomply, a* the Father of hto CountryAfter reporting i t the City th»t rbou vieiteet him'' We have built titles which teem louder. Let me present one or two Illustrations, ft will another man, as first President, the fury of party strife statue of Washington, which tbe Congress of the Unitedthe fate of the country hung suspended on a single fight; whatever hto situation or his circumstances, hto calm, un- daunted'eye looked away to the future, and modestly hoped that It saw In it* bosom ultimate, and complete, and grand, and transcendent triumph. This same strong sense of duty gave him a great control over his feelings •Bd hto passions. Intellectually, perhaps, his nature might have been tea* averse to control than thatof many other men; for aa he waa destitute of that bril- Jtoney which dazzles aad captivates, so he was freethe setae of duty to carry out the beat interestsname of those who dwell on the waters of the Atlantic or of the Pasiflc. but in the name of the whole American people of the United State*, oa* aad indivisible, saw aadSinai, hto face all glowing from the presence of bis God r What could equal the faith of Abraham as he tracked hto lonely pilgrimage through the plains of Shinar, seeking a land that he knew not off These pictures have a far off, haze-enveloped, oriental back ground. They are drawn withthepencilof inspiration,and coloredwith the hoes of heaven. I could not say that they correctly representi ^ t S f i i S W r t too**roL ik^wortd toeocuatonma Washington to any phase of his character. But I will say^ta^iTiS1 in,du5»no»»"notwithfavor,uponanlm- that,indutyandinfaith,haapproachedthemmorenearlyETI? 2* ""S"* ^Pntment With many, impulse thananyotherhero-statesmanof whomIhaveanyknow-stand like tbe everlasting hills, against which the tem- pests from every quarter of the heavensbeat in vain. In a idure so long as the name of Washall be honored and cherished among the children of men. (Renewedand prolonged applause.) MayWash- ington City, which be founded, continue throughout many many generations to be the seal of government of a great, powerfulandunitedconfederacy. ShouldIteverbecome a rain by a dissolution of the Union, it will not, like the ruins of Balbeck and Palmyra, be merely a moan—at ofgood. The occasion for his services cud not arise, but was greeted with general the certainty that it would not waa scarcely manifest, •Poke in a distinct andFauow gtojssja I accept the to aa to ads calm aw•ty part of therr< >totion*of°Uihave terminal • case to thethe day to still c win ever be tbewhom shall he be compared* There Is the tong list of mili-tary heroes, in ancient and modern times. Letthempaasto solemn proceandn across the stage, each Rearing thelight of hiapastlife, like thesolemn procession of torch-bearers in the sacred mysteries of Eleusto. Gazeonthem and grateful task I now proceed i>a* they pass. Great, illustrious, resplendent There are stand in g here oa this beautifU1 aad sawawtoaato,B i s allowed to few I to see Itto carry on aof ato inaugurate a newand that which tbe world thought unfeeling sternnesswaafirm devotion to duty. like one of those heavenlyvtoiterstbatoccasionallyappearsforashorttimeinthesky, and ttwa disappears, perhaps forever, whose dis- man he would not thus have desired retirement, to hi* home in heart more ardently patrtotto tance and orbit astronomers are unable to ascertain htofully, the A m e j a p Fabius, by menplotting and a c p p r intrigues ultimatelyruin. In tbe war of t i e Revolution we hadtherefore, among our people many loyalist, and a verywhose broughtceaseless them to peculiartime allowed me for preparation, and that, too, in themidst of my Congressional duties. When the news of thesplendid fbat performed by Washington, in the surprise were both scarce, and there was no common government ?'!?*' * ? 2 ? to b e r t o w ; " *MU> the great Enrfttoh orator, removed the section of canvass which bad partially ob-and capture of the Hessians at Trenton, reached tbe to collect the one or enlist the other, but all waa depend- jurist and statesman, Lord Brougham, has declared that scured the view of the statue. Meanwhile, the thunder- headquarters of the British army at New York, it found ent on the action of the Individual States, who, thoughi "until time shall be no more wiB a teat of the progress ing or cannon, sounds of music, throat-straining cheers andlarge number of anti Revolutionists. Money and forcesrecord, was, that "of all great men he was the most vir- tuous and the mostfortunate—inthis world God has noclimbed up the pedestal; and, leaping on the horse's beak,rivalry and bad feeling. Here, then, was discord amongthe people; jealousy between the States; rivalry amongthe officers; a want of men and money to carry on thewar, and no executive head to direct and control opera-tions. To overcome these difficulties, peculiar qualitiesin the commander In chief were requisite. A clear, soundjudgment and a firm will; an ability to undergo hardships,and sympathy with the sufferings of others; economy inthe use of means, and skill to preserving at well as in lived in any other age or clime. So Washington could LtDm AM> GESTIXMXS—The lateness of the boor will managing men; these were among the requisites: but scarcely have had his existence in any other time orabove all there was needed a strong sense of doty country. He could no more nave been an Dahan of tbe to command confidence, and great patience and faith, Middle Ages than Machtovelli could have been an Ameri-prevent me from trespassing upon your patience, but per- mit me, in justice to myself, to say that this statue is in- tended for a much greater elevation than it now baa. ft has been so placed in consequence of the appropriationto enable him to sustain reverses, bear up under gloomy prospects, and serenely bide the time for an effective blow. These were the very qualities which Washington badtosoeminentadegree. Amorebrilliantmanwould have hazarded more, aad that we could not afford. A leas disinterested man would have loat the confidence of the army and of the nation, and one or weaker faith would himself have given up the contest in despair. Cassargainedmorebrilliantvictories,buthecommanded waVdrilled Roman legions. Napoleon fought more splen did battles, but hie conscriptions of men and levies ofcan, or Craear Borgia an Englishman; no more than theParthenon could have been a Gothic cathedral, or West- being inadequate to carry out the original design. If that.forms of civilization and stand as the representa- these signs of joy were also made by persons on house- tives of the times and countries in which they live tops, tn tree* and other elevated points.minster Abbey a Grecian temple. He was at once the bad been carried out it would have been forty feet tooffspringandthetypeofAmericancivilizationathistime.He was our great rorest bred cavalier, with all the highhonor of bis ancestral stock of De Wessingtons. with allthe hardyfirmnessof a pioneer, and with all the kindlycourtesy of hto native State. Among the Adamses and Han-cocks,theLeesandHenrys,the .-umptersandRutiedgesof that day, he stood forth prominently as the representa-tive man and the exemplar of our Revolution, just sa thattriplex monstrosity of Denton, Marat, and Robespierre equestrian statue of the "Father of hto Country "! The in waa the exemplar of the French. He wa* a seea ol arm eldest selected for the representation of this statue was at adherence to principle. We fought for principle la wtofRe the battle of Princetaa, a description of which may he volutionary struggle. He was a man of signal modera-clearer, and purer aad brighter light of his moralheroism, Tbe name of Annapolis is married to that ofBanker Hill. King's Mountain and Y orktown, and thecharacter of Washington has become consecrated for-ever in the heart of every true patriot Few military great and honored dead, which we this day pot forth be- your approbation, my proudest recollection will be the heroes have tbe qualities requisite for true statesmanship;judgment, and Itis iiisiiaaat disinterestedness, managed to to retain the confidence and regard of the country. In all, he manifested the same devotion to duty, and the same modest reliance on an overruling Providence, which he soThe statue faces the CapitoL During the erection of >regimenthaltedinfrontofwitbpopulation,wehaveerectedcapitolawiththeirloftyberememberedthatwhentingreatworkwasdone,andwouldhavebeentorgreater,aadsectionaldiscordmuchStateshaveeaasedtobeerected.ItisthedutyandbaathepedestalthecitizensorGeorgetownpresentedare«f honor far the proprietor's dovee, we have combined masses or granite and marble the lime approached for the army to be disbanded, they stronger. Insurroctionary movements would have been been the custom of Free Masons to honor and reverence monstrance to the President, and requested that Washing-into edifices of national pride, aad pomp and splendor, were greatly dissatisfied; they thought that Congress had more numerous aad dtfflctlt of suppression, and foreign the memory of distinguished patriots sad benefactors of"•*• They here broke ranks and. as by a creative mind, we have made statues to treated them with injustice. With the assent and jealousy more hold and effective. Though the stop of tbe human race, but among them the name of ton should face Georgetown, as ffawroachingthM ancient** one o'clock orders were tossed to in>nven»tiy, of Thine Ineflable, Inconceivable al- him supreme ruler under the title of king. Think litical tempest which was passing over the country at the privilege te add the love and affection of hto brethren of should face the Capitol, a* tfadveaMtog to promote the ntigbtineas. sf Thine unapproachable holmesss, dwarfs of Cromwell in such a position! What would he timeof his death gives some mint Idea of what mightM two o'clock, aad carry out the all oar magnmcenoe. and veils cur c mniogly wroogat have doner He would have seen In all these have been expected, without him, In tbe earlier aad more the Mystic Tie; therefore, to order that our ancient rite* general welfare aad prosperity.aasiirt) —pTTtnis, rmslilalag the state of marble, sad granite, sad broase, tn their appro- demonstrations the finger of Providence, sad unsettled state of our institutions. The immortal legacy amy be duly performed, yon will enjoin upon the The speech of Mr. MxfM wa* received with great ap*M she throng waa eaurely composed of theHIUTatY AND CIVIC PBOCTaBMO*." ihre> •'akx* the c oede broke no Thechy "»*t to has la float ef the Qty asaa, , „ , by tae Sevecia fefwaeatof New Tern, aadCay Qaardt an i U w Arey*scorned tbe preferred bribe and successfully rebuked the sedition. There is another incident in his life whl;h, per- haps, equally exhibits his self-aenial and controlling sense ofduty. Theyear1777wasdrawingtoaclose,undercir- cumstances very unfavorable to the American comman- der to-chief. The operations war* probably planned by bim which ted to the surrender of General Borgoyae, but Gates had reaped the credit of the achievement. Under hisand will doso forever in the future. It will go down to whicn shall Inhabit this toad of compend of whatever to true topriate littleness. With oar noes in the dust, from amid would have promptly expelled Congress, aad as- which, to hto "Farewell Address," ha gave t > the country brethren and all others the order aad decorum befitting*•*tosaperMarewas mild, but umbrellas*«• to extra demand The streets were that Thou atone art great. We thank Thee, ob 1 ii, this the good of the nation.'' Washington, on the contrary, The patriot heart has often kindled over It in the past, apphed to the foundation stone of the pedestal, aad thetbe symbol* of oar national glory aid pride, we ornfess sumed chief rule, all •• for the glory of God, and on hto final retirement, ha* already exhausted eulogy. tbto august presence and occasion, lb* square wa* theehastily prepared ft before thto wasItalian sky.11to due to Dr. Btoke,ftnt oawrn or urn MISIIIUIIh aJmt tuuea,aadtorprotectinghisueirtetiJbreastfromhostilemy.tothemsaathnsaformidablecabalhadbeenepualr»J*L!^• f' *****•*••»»»» «t**laadhaidangthe whole of that warinwhichhe formed,mwhichGates,Coaway,Mifflinand LoveBware *mftfaraaeM«rtWandQoenaiander-B aaaatoaeeThychiefuutrumeatandthenation'schief primemovers,whoseobjectwastodisplaceWashington luteal a n , » « - _ . <**^ "f »he nay, •ertbry hope; sad wa latos oar earnest cry to Thee that from the chief command, and they war* working nottoil!I. A spirit of mutual respect ieVveto eternal bonds of tore and friendship the union • » " r i » f OffloMa a« i Sesators of the BawoMtoaa, toto « a w , what, the loving beans and uoit o bands of without some effect. Under these circuastaaats his fraternal concord would fill the land with the fruits of these sovereign Statesprovided for them, but In , cation aad the difficulty ofC*L_Idrsarudwea loudlyMr. Bet^ * ^ F !1""*-- ^**Fy.»,«wi d Dr. Blakce..Cuoaof our land. Now, though withdrawn from pubile p*ltoaawerea.the whale nation now set up to honor of tbe faithful- ft leads thought It a matter of great imoortoaee of peace, prosperity aad happiness. With all our fertile The Grand Master, addressing the President of theef ear Gad sad the lawtog Father of >sr to bim to make a brilliant stroke. To drive sou. salubrious climate, skillful industry, and enrichingthe enemy eat of Philadelphia aad retake the trade, tbto only to needed to usher in, amid shoots of United States, said >-s f•f«B» Puhfta BniMtoie,K ' g q j y ****"* * — " ' _ "Itojaw, batoro watoh cttv was evidently the aebtovssoaot for tile owaslon, triumph and songs of rejoicing, the political millenniumThis gavel waa made expressly for the purpose, aad waa used by Washington a* rvwsiaStotaf the United State*ef the tWtoatin, with nothing mare of fame to atoato, aad awthtog 8afrT»* n«eM«al ef M« p«ii*i *»u«Boa Thomas 8 •b*a tatrwiuced by-*»-a*ofglorytocovet,fromapure J*******:.*, d to take charge o? the armies of the aedtoa. sad to PwKfTn10Ms****?Satcoscofduty,itto*;wejlft Uaperillife, reputation.O.WJthtogforha countrys^^t*"***"*•*Obdrctofr>>l«Beiai• • * * , sadeieraeJ sweatsTbto Wwlhlsjftoa waa ratisfled he couli acorn-pllsh. Bat, unoa full a f o f W ^ * . •» conctoded that Uon, bit controlling sense of duty mad* Washington still and as Grand Master of Freemasoaa, are impose, in lay- remark*.aa»apersuasion, and yielded bis own interests for the gooi of tbe country. What Napoleon, or oven Wellington would havewaa*,undersimilarcircumstances,nonecandoubt Washington alone could thus pretor doty to fan* andas he was, enshrined as be was a the hearts o/btoawdawill now likewise mas** it la the erewatng; act of theiwfltnatirn of this statue.iraaea or raaiMwr arjotoaiiax. ThePrc*llentrecivdthegavel,aad,oomtogtorward, °aad delivered thef mb•^tWOTDOItWBWBPAG*]theliberty, as an wtodom, holy inaadfarseeing tonotonly Infusedto**,' equalregardfor<s thebasisofaUoarto say that be admitted ( SEB7 J^taSa-TSo CT£ £Z£ *TM tended to them every radttty towhile success would re estob isb hto own Intlueooe, the anxious for bis onuntry, and ready to render any service mg the corner Mone of the Capitol on the 18th dav of eflbst would be attended with so muchtorsof life as t> do which might appear luMmbent on him *>, wbaa It September, 1768, aad Inow have thetamerof rreal Injury to tbe patriot cause. He t ktrerore resisted all seemed that a war with France was inevitable, old man in the name of the Fraternity, that you, htoTbe v e -to the joore y and thejmoorno* or TH» S T A O T _ .—~wn uatae of Washington, the ineojf-hwa —apahBcaoanmtatheretoway,wUntitled Document,wouldpartyfeudsandsec £TJluTiiKlmaytheGreatRuleroftheuniversepre- AttheNationalArmorytiHi.bly ss follows.—stands tn Jackson square, bad become dtoheariened, and doubted the success of the undertaking. They refused to advance further means to Mr. Mills to continue his , 