 10H ifrap.)^ 4 , warned to knew whsetoer toyKWS FROM WASHIHQrOH. «B»^B»wawawiBW'%»w^aWsnnj»assWn»Ss»ej<»w^^»>^Gathering of the Democratic Delegates to CharlestOILtaut Eieitc•«•>kmm &>PresWei- ial lspirots aid tatir PrfeidSe, )etac,and .flereda substitute that Congress adjournef June.The a^AmiMMtol t a n , * * * or**. Mr. fjatoew said itoher wantoera (Laughter.)suraacea. Wood and hismea axe very discreet, and i expreaaiag a profe reaee for aay of the Preei dentin! Bit mate reliance for admi«ioa into thethe country; makes the fitting out or ownership end of the time for which tbe contracts of service werei Omveatiea la apes the Southera delegations.«'<!"» ndl«•IW* W* wp»MnimACTIVITYOFDOUGLAS ANOH!S PARTIZAHStheir oanndenoti to him at this important ssue.The rtesnaer a B. Spalding, Captain Howes, arrivedcourts at home decide the question au thoritivery, or until it shall please Congress to .a definite act, [prohibiting or limiting this traffic, at once nefarious and dangerous. Tbe difficulty of dabbling in the matter here to greatly enhanced by the fact that tbe contracts for vessels are made in the United States,Duclosurft— Mr Douglas and Hit Lobby Force, and Theira*7 *«. they will next call op tab tariff*. push tbe democracy to the wall upon ththe iHi fcpwt a Ike lippresuoi if I k CMlie fcifne.unnsits OF TR IFIICM SLAVE TRAIL ArrtngeiaeiitJi for tbe Reception of theJapanese Embaeiy,ftfteUl WMhU|t»a Despatch. Winrnm, AprilIt,ISM.AXXTVAL 0 9 hSLSXUrSB W CJHAB1E8TOX.Hit evening's train brought (be remainder of tbe dete- gvtos from the North to the Charleston Convention. The Wood end Cogger delegates are now all here, and a livelyEngland delegation to Charleston oa board, Tear experienced rough weother. Some sfreached this city tha even;ng. Absnt sixty will leave Baltimore to tha steamer on Wednesday e veamg.ran rmwiDsxr's raoram m m u c nThe debate in the House on tbe President *s protest met-inge has been postponed until the 1st ef May. SVKXBX TOOTS HASOX.Mr. Sumner took a tilt with Mr* Mason in the Senate to day, tencbtog the Ytrgtoba Latin and manners, nsneh to h s aurprtoe and eoafusloa. Tbe debate was sharp.V H I R T T - I I X T H €B!f OHJBS8. PIBBT tBSSlON.Benstt.WAHHINGTON, April 18,18*0.report of tbe committee:—-The Committee to whom was referred the following re and the masters feel themselves quite unable to turn backIn the Senate, it a arranred that oa •_ toJ.*y""te, atttponthtorabjeot:0n^tahStfto ^^ p0 tta platform against toto dtow«snixto? 4P * *» " » * • * will have a powerful festhofim a ? t o ?Mains! the democratic Udtet Whea toro? ran Arnicas sxAvn TRADS.Mr. Woaow, (rep.) of Mass., introduced a bill far the e effectual suppression ef the slave trade. It to a bill MM «hey are Mvag. loth aeta are Bum as to their of nine sections. It provides tor the constriction of five steam screw stoeps-ef-war adapted A the African coast; tocreases tbe bounty from twenty-are to one hundred deflate; offers a reward of one hundred dollars for de-itle doubt that our joint endeavors to put a stop to this humad traffic will meet with the happiest results ,so; for the debate thus far has been toft iJy, an the democratic s u e . to Johnson aad nirhnlns afjrefarcaoaa tor the Preaideacy, although the Douglas men* mysbey have positive assurance* that the Cagger delegation&c.; and it was made necessary to acquaint tbe emigrant with his destination, and the amount of compen- sation. The emigration has continued to Guiana and to Trinidad. But the Mauritius has been the favoritepoweri to put an end to this infamous traffic, to this in- stance carried on in defiance of all admonition by a moto discreditable combination between aa American master and lawless British shippers.But Mr. Attorney General Black disagrees with the opinion of Mr. Reed to regard to the liability of persons engaging in the traffic to punishment under existing laws. Mr. Black says, " No remedy seems to be afforded by existing laws. Tbe evil is one which Congress atone can remedy." Mr. Reed, before leaving Shanghse, again addressed tbe Department of State, expressing the hopeThe swift report of the expulsion of Amertoan toubaaj from Mexico, and tho confiscation ef their swsaeito by Miramon, it now appears was a pure mventtoa. sBmnanj to net each a fooL It to hto policy to limit hto fight to lbs Juartx party to Mexico. MeanUsm. tbe friends ef tbe treaty are waiting In the hope of nregistered to display the American flag as a badge of na ¥ Mat Sseth evea suspects that the Oagger delegatioa will uonalitv; makes it the duty of the olticers of a ship before east their vote for Douglas, they wul rote in a body going to the African Coast to report to the United States At-their admission. Such instructions, it ia aatd, torneys for examination, and provides that American res aaat from her* by the leading South aeto sold abroad shall return to the United States for aand members ta the various Southera aew register before going to the Coast of Africa.Tide auraaa to ladicato that under ao THB CASUS t)V JOB* SnoWB, JR., AJID FRAHK B. SAXBOnX. arm they submit to the nomination of Mr. MASOX, (dem.) of Va., preaeDted the return of Unitedto used forindependent and induced others to seek their fortune hi iike way.some surer weapons of prevention than notifications and protesto.'"The republicans upea the final passage of the biD for the ad mission ot Kansas are talking of a general glorinoa- tion throughout all tbe Northern States, under some pre- concerted arrangements. The bill may not be reached, tad yet, to face of thla, men are betting on haga t t h e t e M . It la aatd the MamaransettB possible to arrest Brown unless armed forceMr. Reed writes July 18, 1868:—"A new impulse has 28,246 been given to the trade. A number of American ships 31,166 are now in China, and more expected, to take passen-vindicate tbe authority of the Senate and to effbet the ar- of the New Bagland delegation against Douglas, most of rest of witnesses.whom are far Secretary Teeeey, while some of the most Mr. BCMSBS, (rep.) of Mass., moved to refer the memo- Bhilai of them are managing the race for rial of Mr. Sanborn to the same committee.Mr. Masox moved that It be rejected.Seymour of New York. As a bind, the Mr. Srnxxn said he felt it to be bis duty to protest BteaaMihasmtB delegation, under the lead of Ool- against aueh a suggestion. It was related of one of thewilling to pay their pasfage and return, have no sem- for the good and simple reason that tbe very best thingBat the "Chinese coolie trade," as it is conducted, issot a "trade" between emigrant and ship master; shecoolie is seldom a party to tbe contract, but the subject ofa contract made by other parties, seeking unlawful gain that the interest to the traffic became organized. The bshed to tbe NEW YORK BXRALD have created a littleby the practice of fraud and deception upon him. from Spanish government had heretofore interfered to prevent the moment of hto capture he to a slave, in no respect the trade, but September 24,1868, Mr. Nye, Jr., United different from that which the African slaver makes his States Deputy Consul at Macao, writes Mr. Reed, "I haveana "Little Giant" teem to he happy as clams at Ugh our material progress. The bank tariff and tost The contest between the two delegations from and not least the all absorbing and mteohiveous question of shivery had all become secular. In the latter, is quite amusing. The "national," so called, the widest scope had been given, and the most selfish passions prevailed. He proceeded at length to show that there was no irrepressible conflict between labor and capital. There was no capital Slate without Its being la- bor State. Mr. Latham proceeded to show the superiority of the Caucasian race to the negro raos, saying that thewas called to it they abandoned it at a large pecuniary loss, when they diecovered its true character. At their request the Board of Trade appointed a committee to ex- amine into it, of which Mr. Rice, the present representa- tive from Boston, was chairman', and from hto report Mr. Elliot quotes at length, attesting the statement made above to regard to the infamous character of the trade, not less so in any degree than the traffic in Africans. In 1866, Mr. Robertson, acting consul of the United Stoles" brokers," and the farther fact that the authorities were taking measures to suppress the trade. The particulars of the recent terrible muttnyfof one thousand coolies aboard the ship Norway of New York, Capt Miller, be- tween Macoa and (Havana, to given at length. Tbe facta are fresh in the minds of the public. Thirty of tbe coolies were shot and ninety wounded, before they were subdued, the fight lasting from six in the evening until daylight next morning. The committee regret the difficulty to ob- tain correct statistics but give the following furnished by a member of tbe New York Chamber of Commerce, andat Charleston? Saints and angels forbid. WASHTSGTOX,A pril 12, 1880.purcbastag a grave to entitled to a deed, and the com- Ky have no right to bury other bodies there; wastes never known two bodies to be buried in a grave ofhave the inside track, and bet their money, first, that Douglas cannot be nominated, and secondly, if he to. that ha cannot carry Illinois.this kind.The House H*rd at Work-lht Rtaatm Wk*-Noa«m of Cross examined—The price of a grave, without a deed,for a child, is 84, and with a deed 87.Regular examination resumed Tbe company publisheda pamphlet, with rules and regulations, which are distri-buted to undertakers and tbe community; H to Mr.of vessels engaged punishes withmade, the Indian ooo'dee were, by the terms of the agree-meyt, sent back to India without cost to themselves; andalthough tbe amount of wages was small, not exceedngfive dollars a month, with clothing and board m addition,yet at the end of the term of service they have carriedhome such aums of money as made them comparatively " that Congress will give the Representative at that portM»*»*es»wptoJkadof., a aVlegate to Charleston,deliberate optnisn to day that titers to regard to, that nmgtaseannet be nominated.sweaty to the South to lbs Leoompton straggle will destroyMr.CTW.(a2mD) of eJs.,ntwneJsw am sy»Jownatow» jHwe^ontoelftihofJune.at Baltimore to-day, with thirty seven ef tins New ferred to tbe committee an Commerce. Subjoin ed Is theThe House brought the Kansas question to a definitecouclcsicn to-day, to the passage or the bill for hsr ad-mission under tbe Wyandot free State constitution, by a S^T*^.**1 1 w i U m »TM«aht forward i•vete for the Little Giant. The H intor, Brackand Guthrie awn also allege that they have the livery to the United States Marshal of any slave landed In port to which the importation has been directed. At theto the s u r etmprtoonmettof death, makes it criminal for a ship notStates Marshal Johnson on the warrant for the arrest of John Brows, Jr ., in Ohio. The return slates that it is im-5,047 12,672 26,131have only to add that It will give me great pleasure to be enabled in any way to co-operate with you."friends to that body are sure of its passage next week, and to a form which will bring the two bouses to an agreement to such an event, tbe responsibility of de- feating thin) agrarian measure will devolve upon tbe President, aad we have very good reasons for believing that whenever called upon he will be ready to give it theeowstnng.On the other hand, although the people of Kansas haveam to tbe letter fulfilled the conditions of the English bill,Prince of Wales visit Washington, while entbtoatoe tbe Atlantic this summerf" We cannot any. If waetoUy in- vited the young gentleman would doubttemosme, but as hto reception would Involve aa appropriation ef money, a joint resolution of the two houses of Congress will be re- quired to give the fnvttation effect. We presume, tow- ever , that if tee Preaident were to call the attenuoa sf the two houses to tbe subject, tbe resolution would be promptly adopted, voting any amount of money which the President might suggest And we should not be tar- prised if seme such course of proceedinp ware to sattime initiated by the PresidentTemememt Graves.TBI ALU6SD SPBCULATIORB nt COfTD»3.i, who have heretofore been considered for that purpose.will TOW agaaut hint from the jump. This Mr. lL»sos also presented tbe return on the warrant tor 1867trade piracy, for nfs, toagainst Miramon, while the attention ofbeen drawn to the alleged machinations of English emissaries In Mexico to upheld vernmentlegates who are here declare that they world were not Indebetd to the totter for anything itn at Havana, called the attention of Mr. Marcy to the arrival is believed to bo an approximation to the true import intoimported from Macao 280 coolies called "passengers. ' in the past eight years. According to correct sources tbeindustry. Leaving eat the onerous electioneering tabors Hope's duty to tell persons purchasing graves what lightsNew York (Mr. Seward), it would puzzle him to point own principles If they did sot do so. out a practical method ny which his theories could be cartees are doing an amount or work from day to day Barwhich they are really entitled to some credit One rea child;wunem recollected reaaarktog (whea tbe body of•sally negottotod between Prance and Nicaragua. It con- were purcdased by the common blood—for their tains the identical provisions, and the twenty-ninth ar- own ends. It really exists nowhere. AfricanThe above footing does not include the cargo of 767 landed in Cuba lately, so that the total should be increased to 60,880 and 220 added to the mortality. Tbe total num- ber of deaths, therefore, during the period named was 7,842. And fearful as this may seem, thousands have been lost whose departure was not recorded. In the year 1856, the per oentege of loss was 19.24 per cent nearly one in five. This list does not embrace the terrible dis- aster to the ship Flora Temple last summer.Tbe treatment of tbe coolie in Cuba depends of course upon the character of the employer, but the nominal term of service is from five to eight years. What proportion remain alive at the end oi tbe term we do not know. It has not been pretended that any return—and those who have served the first term are powerless to the hands of the man who would desire to retain them if valuable, and who would not be bound to support them if too.enfeebled to work. Herein to the Asiatic coolie more helpless than tbe African slave.Tbe report proceeds to qioto from Mr. Abbot's new book, in which be says:—"It seemed to me that human misery could sink to no lower depth. The doom of the coolies is vastly worse than that of the staves. Those wretched Chinese are lured to leave their home upon the promise of being fed and clothed, and receive four dollars per month. Thus, at tbe end of eight years, they would possess 8384. This seems like an Immense sum to a poor Chinaman, to whom a cent a day to a very reason- able competence. But none return. They are sold upon their arrival for about 8400. If their owner can wear them out in eight years, so that they die, he, of course, has nothing to pay. If he cannot, he sends them to some distant plantation, or sells them again for another eignt years." ^Tbe committee conclude by saying they " believe It to be within the power of Congress so to legislate, and that tbe time has fully arrived when such legislation is de- manded, and recommend the pannage of a bill to accord with these views."nroiAX rxDawxirr.The bill appropriating S86.C00 to indemnify the ShawneeIndians for tbe depredations committed by whites passed.Mr. Conwtx, (rep.) of Ohio, from the Committee on Foreign Afiairs, reported the Senate resolution appropri- ating 860,000 to defray the expenses of the Japanese Embassy. Passed.MAHS FOB KANSAS.Mr. COITAX, (rep.) of Ind., reported a bill appropriating826,000 for mail facilities of Western Kansas.Passed, with an amendment offered by Mr. Crawford, appropriating 8400,000 for putting the service on tberoutes established by tbe set of June 1868.RKTOBT ox ran rix»Dt»T's raoran smssAGK.The report of the Judiciary Committee on the President's protest coming up aa tbe special order,Mr. BcnxBTT suggested a postponementMr. BICXMAX. (A. L. dem.) of Pa., with a disposition to accommodate the gentleman, was willing to postpone till tbe 1st of Msy. In answer to a question by Mr. Branch, be said he was willing to allow a reasonable discussion, and would not call the previous question for two or three days.a rapidity wholly unprecedented at thai stage of tho long session.Under the old compensation system of eight dollars a day, it was an object among the majority of tho members to prolong the session, but under the new system of three thousand a year, the shorter they make the session tbe more profitable it to to the members, just to proportion to the difference between the cost, In most canes, of one do- mestic establishment at home in the country, and tbe ad dition of another much more expensive at Washingion.Hope said the grounds would be closed soon, and I had better bave it buried to tbe New York Bay Ceaastery; when the child was buried tbe grave was opened about five feet; It was filled aad rounded op before we toft: toe charge for the coffin was six dollan; afterwards, to takntg; to Mr. Faulkner we found that our children were both buried to the same grave (No. 728), the next day ws went to tbe cemetery aad had our children taken up; the first coffin was within a few mease of the top of tha ground; the third coffin Mr. Wood said contained my child; I raid it was not my child, mine wm is a nibo-sitvery has existed in thiscountry from the formation ofthe federal compact down to the present period, and wehave flourished with it The Northern States have gotrid of it because it was not profitable for them. But theyhave done little or nothing towards improving tbe condi-tion of tbe negroes in their midst Take the negro as s o l a n them, and the crew armed themselves, drove the coolies previsions, so that if tbe republicans persist in their oppo- liberty has neither improved hto condition nor his heart below and closed the hatches. When the hatches weretocletoin the same words, with the intervention article which to In our treaty, and which the republican Sena- tors so strenuously oppose and object to the treaty be- tween Great Britain and Nicaragua atoo contain similarSny coffin; he said ttwas. according to hto books they It to manliest from these views bearing upon tbe sub en opened the coffin, and 1 mw it was my child; wssition to the intervention clause, other commercial nations The South has too large a negro population to be willing" to emancipate them, and thus abandon them to Idleness andwnl enjoy valuaole commercial privileges in Nicaragua; vice. The 3omh does not possess the same facility with the while tbe United States will possess none of these North to replace black labor with white labor, and as regards the cotton plantations, it cannot be done at advantages. alt The Sooth has no desire to force slavery into lhe THB 0OVODB COarJORBn. North any more than the manufacturer desires to •JsreeVs Investigating Committee me* thai morning, force bis fabrics upon a bad market All the South asks Is her constitutional righto, and to refuse to ad-reopened, some twelve or fourteen hours afterwards, it was discovered that nearly 800 of the unfortunate beings had perished from suffocation. The captain said the rea son of sending them below wasffor fear of being over- powered ; and he had no idea but there was air enough between decks.Until the recent treaties with England, Canton was the only Chinese port open to foreign vessels. But now fourthen removed the bodies to the Jersey Ctty Cemetery; to day. that tbe legislation of Congress will not be BUS a bosquet W M pieced upon the breast of penaed a single day on account of either the Charleston say child; I was at the grave subse- the Baltimore or the Chicago Presidential party conven quently to tbe Jersey Ctty Cemetery, whenbut no BHMsastia being present for examination, they mit them Is an infringement on the sacred compact by other porta are open.tions. Mr. Mason, to the Senate, had Introduced a resolu tion for a ten days' recess of both houses, on account of the Charleston Convention; but after a few point blank shots from Johnson, of Arkansas, Gwto and Rice, the re- solution was withdrawn, and the object contemplated clearly abandoned.In the House, on Mr. Haskin's motion, the reports of tbemajority and minority of the Committee on Public Expen- rested tbe cane.ditures, touching their late investigations Into tho public Edward Hope, Jr., defendant, testified-Mr. Yost earns printing business to the 20th of April, are equivalent to a to me mat fail to bury a child; I furnished him a ptato direct vote of the House against any adjournment on ac- mahogany coffin Md buried the child to tbe New Yorkwars compelled to adjourn. They do not intend to sub- which we are bound together. The Idea that there is an pssan aay more anni—as until the appropriation to made irrepressible conflict between free tabor and slave laborIn a despatch from Dr. Parker to Mr. Miroy. datedMacao, February 12, I860, he. says that the following arethe statistics of the coolie trade from Swatou, an illegal port:—John Faulkner was sworn—Hto evidence was mainly corroborative of the previous witaem Tbe pamtff thenIs nothing but an abstraction. He deprecated themeans by which the republican party rode into power, to passed, and the bill signed by the Preat- and denied that She negro had ever advanced in Intelli- ,it will probably bo several weeks, and may be gence far centuries. The irrepressible conflict was a Northern abstraction, used as a lever by sectional men for scattering fanaticism and riding on it into potttioal power. B was due the South that the North should let slavery alone. He did not believe In the sincerity of tberepublicans who declared they had no intention to interfere with slavery to tbe States. It was Incompatibleto day of the Senate bill, appropriating fifty with a sectional party. If the Union is to be pre the subject of barter and sals as the negroes on tbe coastb> defray their expenses; and If they wait until the aps, before*1hey get the money required. Old Buck wnl net he very likely to sign a bill of that character.American. British.... Chilian.... Peruvian.TotalIbttnode. 6,5923 3,821 1 600 3 1,80012 12,778count of the Charleston Convention, which meets on the 23d. The members of either House who intend abanden- ing their public duties here, for the purpose of taking a hand to the spoils and plunder game of the party Jugglers at Charleston or Chicago, will have to pair off or make some arrangement to regard to tbto or that particular bill during then* absence.The particular excitement of the morning to the report that Pryor and Potter bave gone outside tbe limits of this District to have a pop at each other with Sharp's rifles, somewhere among the old field pine bushes to the neigh- borhood of Btadensburg, that "dark and bloody ground'- of many a scene of fighting Md running. In tbto present cane, however, nobody expects a funeral, tor the simple reason that there was nothing In tne dispute between the bel- hgerento which even Sir Lucius O Trigger could very well distort into a casut Oelii. But still all hands are in a statedollars to defray the expenses of tbe Japanese the announcement of their arrival at Cnli- the Deportment of State to take tbe to-served tbe irrepressible conflict must be abandoned. The people coveted no conflict—tney wanted none They went on In tbe even tenor of their way, knowing full well that they possessed power to put down all politiciansof Africa. Native Chinese are employed to entice them from their homes, such as may be persuaded from hope of profit to leave tbur friends. These men are employed by "brokers," who deal with the shipmasters. Theeopa to airaagementa tor their reoepuoa sad en - Caufornians wanted no stove code, She desired to main "brokers" send their emissaries Into all parte of themat. They have sntojrmnaen to rent n honee large to accommodate the whole suite, and to appoint tore s m i s s , toantttor with their language andtain her vested rights, to have the constitution as it to, and to remain loyal to the Union. California wanted to be neither the allay of a Northern confederacy or of a Southern confederacy, and be was surprised when his colleague stated, as was reported in the presscountry in search of men and boys, who may be deceived by all manner of false pretences to place themselves in the hands of men who are as remorseless as death. They are sometimes beguiled, and sometimes kidnapped.The pretence of contract Is sometimes maintained, but disguise imperfectly conceals the fact of shivery. "The men being inveigled into barbarian houses and ships, are publicly sold. When once among them they cannot un- derstand then* gibberish, and they are kept In close con- finement They may implore heaven, and their tears may wet the earth, but their complaints are uttered to vain." They are often sold for $100 per bead.The report gives the proclamation of Plh-Kevei, the Governor of Canton, in which he offers liberal rewards for the capture of persons engaged in kidnapping.In I860 the Governor of Peru attempted to control the importation of coolies Into that country, in which he sa.d it was fast degenerating into a species of slave trade, whicb cannot continue without injury to all concerned.in 1867 Dr. Parker forwarded to the State Department an argument in regard to kidnapping and selling pin to foreign vessels, in which the writer says, "If a man falls sick on board the ships, and to net cured in four or five days, he is tied up with a hempen rope and c u t Into theThe report continues, "The facta which come to us from China, the documents published by American and Engltoh officials and residents—the Consular actions there despatches to the home government, compel us to believe that no language can depict too strongly the fearful char- acter of tod slave trade of tbe nineteenth century."The attention of tbe United States government wasagain drawn to this trade by Hon. Wm. B. Reed, UnitedStates Minister to Chins, January 13,1868. In thisi letterhe refers to the case of tho American ship Kate Hooper ofBaltimore, which Bailed from Mace* on the 14th'ofOctober, 1867. for Havana, with 660coolies. The registeredtonnage of the ehipwas 1,488 76-96 tens. At Anglerthe ship was reported in distress. The master stated viding for the appointment of a commissioner to ascer- They are singing the praises of Potter, and they find, thethat the sight of land near Gasper Straits so excited the tain and recommend a proper site for a National foundry. bowls knife, ton inches clear to the blade aad two aad a Etermnorr ana Bcemmv—OnBslurssy saorning,to take charge of them. Every attention will be of hto own State, that she would go with the South in Jhem, and they will be treated with marked con case of a dissolution.Louis Bsynor testified that be went with Mr. Hope to Mr- Yam's house, to get hto consent to have the coffinLard Lyons, through will extend isMr. Owns (dem.l of OaL. said be had never said no.of his govern- Mr. LATHAMwas glad to hear it, and pleased to have a eordml invitation tovtott fj"» "•» »» opportunity to deny it His colleague knew that Cahforniaa intonate were in the Union, and that she had resources uneqatied by any other Sfate. H» wuwwiburning of gunpowder.Charles A. Stewart, aa undertaker In Grand street, N. Y., testified that Bay weed to mahogany, but of a Barter quality than other kinds.George T. Bradley, Regtoter of the Cemetery, teaufied that Y ost came to bto office aad stated that be had b*»a down to tbe Cemetery to see about hto child ; that he found htoOfXaW nxrioato Lieutenant General ScotJto that events are likelyefHe believed and treasure of Be agreed with tbe speech of Mr. Douglas, made to the House to 1846 on reporting the bills for toe admission of Florida and Iowa. ' B e wanted no interpolation, ao new interpretations nor hair splitting theories. In conclusion, he spoke of the perpetuity of the Union, the affection for which were too deeply seated uathe hearts of tbe people to be eradicated.Mr. Bnowx, (dem.) of Miss., said he wanted a vote now on these resolutions.Mr. Bicixn moved to postpone the resolutions and take up the Patent Law billWASHTXGTOX, April 14, I860.and he to advised that the army will beototo-day, and win to-morrowof about twelve, with thtrty.oneoftoe House and the Senate-Mexican Affairi-Tht Ja pone* Embassy—lhe Prince of Woks, dk.Tbe two houses have Mut up shop to-day. They bavedons a good week's work, aad have earned n holiday.Insisted that a was ; witness offered to make enquiry on tbe fbllewmg Monday, but Yost went sway, my ing that be would remove tbe body at once.Dr. Morris testified that he was present whea the bo- dies of tbe two children were taken ap , the one at tbe Jerrey City cemetery WM much deeeaanonsd, aad be con-to my that Ja? wan net elected s detognto to J >n seder a plsdgto to veto rex; Judge Damgtos, and I l bat | BBMsrtsT sf Jwdfe rtosstaj, sabfMijb $ INegatived—79 against 88.Mr. Ceevuxw moved to adjourn, my Ing, to iMr. Aehmore that he intended to resist by ail fair i [or any length of time, a vote being taken on theK (* J « « fro* the Demooratic side-Let a square ram he taken aa the resolution )aad Philadelphia.Tbe PesB >yUrania democratic tariffin the ssedftc duties Md proteeti Buchanan's policy, are watching the'Mr. HALS, of N. H., said he hoped the resolutions wouldnot be postponed. There should be a vote on them be sen."Some of the members are off to Mount Vernon, some aretion be taken on tbe committee's resolution till after the rummaging among tho executive departments upon tbe sidered it impossible to have moved itfrom cms coffin toton the fJsswhmtol Convention. The friends of the party now to the city, were waittog for gentlemen to show their hands.The resolutions were postponed; yeas 27; nays 25.The bill amending the Patent Laws was taken up tad~ but without a vote on itsR e p r e a e n t a U i T e s . W4SBBBBBBBS), April 10, 1800.B AXD ABJOBJBD tHl GaRHXLA cx>mnynjt5atk>n was received from the doorkeeper,(dem) of Ky., spoke of .the necessity of toe abunes hi and around MM Capitol, there inthepublic service do- always a horde of offioeseekers whopolitical Conventions are over.Mr. HICXHAX replied, that if the resolution was laid overtill after the Conventions were over, to will be near tbe clone of the session, when It would be impossible to con- sider it •It was postponed till the 1si of May.errands of their constituents, some are writing totters Md franking document*, some are preparing reports and speeches, some are caucusing or eenatdatog or counting noses with a delegate here sad thereto the Charleston Convention, aad some are taking their rest Md drinking Whiskey.another ; the one in New York Bay OSIBSUIIJ had COB- siderable mould on It.Mr. Wood era recalled, aad stated that the grave was not disturbed from the time Yost removed his etuid until the 84th of March.i L . • i t i f « • r I k J h — - * a d>M a MMsuBysetnoreferredtoa distress, having 'for tbe fight, of pikes, after the fashion of John Browns n « J ! l . ^ T u ( »-)^aC.,offered a resoluUon pro- Harper's Ferry potato diggers.>p»»*i"*i*wNEW YORK HERALD, TUESDAY, APRIL 17, 1860.-TK1PI* SHMT.Etweadjeurnexe* far one ijsnTenemntheyBltool* a* as little erneIr c u vest to this trade are nrst to deep water, amitowilhin Basket ah* of the 1Irving cargo will be shipped.Flora Te: "* *~eight hundred and ifty ooohes were>The canes brought by year committee to the attention of Congress of Jmoiloaa ships filled en American ac- counts, preclude nb from condemning tho foreign trade, while our own trade to unrebuked by tow. At present the beam to hi our own eye.S. Marcy, in his official note to Mr. Reed, dated Jan. 8, , says: "Having exhausted tbe resources at present to our power, I do not tee thai then remains nayto andtb.^S^SH^S)«<*»,reMJr?K«n understood it was psepoaed to resoenhto psB-tteal eenTentiene by sdjeerning orer for them. Tabled, l i s saptinet W.aewmmmus e r ran oooim m A m cMr. EUOT, (rep.) of Mam., introduced a bill to prohibitthai_ » ceolte trao> by AiMitoenB to American veenels Be-aWrve.»tai*tltaWbwMat that port of the American ship Hound. owned to Stoning - tbe single port of Cuba —they have: Mr. Yost aad Falkner were very much cited tbe day they thethe grave was re opened for them, and upea opening I third coffin, Mr. Y emiSinlMiil the bodythe ad miniatnuion men from the North wh > portent, either to science, literature or art. If theby them, and that they would be false to (South should accept the theories of the Senator from ton, Conn. This vessel, with a register of T13 23 96 tons, Over fifty thousand coolies have been shipped for Cubaof tbe several republican committees of investigation, tbemembers of that party on tbe various standing commit-The consignees were tbe '•Colonization Company," repre oUowlng to a hat of vessels which brought Asiatic colon- i XBBoauTiom nnsrecnxo ran SAX JTAX AFVAIH. ried out There Is a universal tow of nature existing waited by Perlda, Maabado &Co. These gentlemen pro sts to Cuba from 1847 to the 16th of September, 1869,the child was taken up at tbe Jersey Otoy Cemetery and identified ae that of Mr. Otto's) that quite a change bad taken place since It was taken op firm; Mr. Yost's childgovernment were, glad to Mara, from the stole throughout the animal and vegetable world, that lite no-tested against the conduct of Capt. Peek,*of the Hound,for not having brought 400 "passengers, who had beenprepared to embark" to that ship, Capt. Peek havinghumanely refused to receive more than 230 "colonists 'upon hto vessel. Mr. Robertson says that Capt Peck expresses himself as ashamed of being concerned in such atrade, and states that from information received from passengers concerning the means employed to secure 1866... them, that be considers the trade as bad, If not worse,than the African slave tradeIn January, 1866. the honorable Peter Parker, Comsaentaf Lord John Russell, that the San Juan affairSjproMhtsg a settlement. It is to the power of thatgentleman to settle it at aay moment. The reply of ourgovernment to tbe tost despatch of Lord John Russelhas ere thts been received. Our government refused to Kansas question was long since practically set- accept the mode of settlement preaVnted by her Majesty s tled, and slavery will always work out Us government, and reiterates its clear and undisputed right own destiny. The irrepressible conflict with whichtion of the House, another reason Is tho desire of the reNo. oftaith. Sbimape. Skipped. AenxJat Died. publicans to clear tbe track for them mere Important was removed from the New York Bay fametary on thewe are threatened to the creation of Northern politicians to the Island. When her Majesty's government concedes that if the Judiciary and Executive failed to afford ampleI860... 1867... 1868....16 10,667 6,162 4,908 1,184 .28 18,Slo 10,116 8,647 1,609 .33 32,8or, 16,413 18,386 8,029 .13 10,283 6,799 6,027 772116 90,216 60,123 42,601 7,622tbe atomp, and to order to get off an noon as possible to he nl important work of the Persidential campaign. Pri- vate claimants, too, and the lobby assistants upon their cases, are bringing a powerful outside pressure to bear, andthat point the matter to settled, and without that there will be no settlement of tbe question, so far as oar gov- ernment is concerned.IBB rmUTT B P 1 B . 1 RAXCS Aim inCAJUtOA.The government have received a copy of a treaty re-protection to property in tbe Territories, it was the duty of Congress to afford such protection, but be was utterly opposed to anticipating such an event Be had faith in the people, and if one section of the Union desired re dress, he trusted that they would find Itwithin tbe Consti- tution and Union. All had the right to take their property into the territories, whicbmixstoner and Minister Plenipotentiary of the United I860... States to China, issued, in accordance with instructionswhere exists without the requisite conditions for its sop- port. The negro will go wherever there are the oondi- tiocs of his existence, wherever hto labor will be profita- ble, and wherever, under tbe protection of hto master, he will be from that competition which will be his death ana his destruction and be will go nowhere else. Theshowing the length of passage, be.Avmuen or vnsmu AXDBnoanAxn.eon for this is the dead lorn of two months to tbe organix*.from this government, a "Public Notification," calling upon all citizens of the United States to desist from the trade, as against the Chinese law, and subjecting offenders to heavy penalties. This notification is given in the repoft, as also a letter from Mr. Parker to Messrs. Sam ford and Tappan, showing that it was in accordance with his instructions from the government of the United States.The report gives an account of the sufferings and treat- ment of a cargo of 460 coolies on an American ship which put in st Manila, on the 25th ot October, 1366. The coolies, supposing they had arrived at their destination, wanted to go ashore, and! triad to get possession of the boats. The master fired amongTotalthus private bills are rattled through both houses with I.wacted to bury my child at tbe foot of tbe bill, hot Mr.The coolies are procured by purchase, and are as trulyVantt TflmfflV naaJfasP1e WbokTclearances wh«nUietoenl"auta^^certificato*. At Swaiow, being an ilegal port, there to ao consul, no dsnraaec so tamblnnoe ef tow.The outside excitement touching the trip toyMthelaccount of the loss of tbeMr. FLOBXXCB, (rep.) ef begat to tha* way.the SPHABJKR, in raepoat da e, and the subject willMr. WASHBCIX withdrew hto Aljourned.Our Waihlagton Correspondence. .April 11,1840.solution have made their report upon the same:— Rewired, 'sat tee Tommittee on Commerce bedtrec!ed toi i . i i r e into ike expediency of prohibiting, by law, all Amwi can vessels from engaging to the ooolle trade, or from traua sorting apprentices (ao called) to the Wast indies or otoer parte af ike world.Tbe report commences with an elaborate history of the coolie trade, saying that twenty-one years ago, soon after the abo ition of slavery in toe British West Indies, aa emigration of men and women commenced from the Bri- tsh possessions in tho East Indies to British Guiana, Sonth America. They came in British ships. The attempt to colonise the coclies was not attended by good fortune: sickness and death made terrible ravages. Theyfound possessed of useful qualities, but beingtomed to the climate or labor, and the improper treat ment received at the hands of the masters, caused results which, wbeavmade known in England, created great ex citemeat and Indignation.Measures were taken at occe to stop the emigration,but tbe value of tha labor had been felt In Guiana, andefforts were made to renew the trade by ameliorating MMtreatment of tbe coolies and promoting their welfare, andm 1842 the importation was renewed, under regulationsrestricting the number to be brought over in one vessel, Feb. 16,1868, says:—" 1 am resolved to do all in myThe British Minister to charge writes to Mr. .Reed, un- The importation of East India coolies into the single der date of March 18, 1868, that "her Majesty's governport of Mauritius, between 1843 an? ' 867, is indicated in the following table :—ment, as far as in them lien, are determined to punish the many abuses which have been connected with tbe shipment of Chinese coolies in British vessels, and toboth bills by a similar divtoton of tbe Senate.The homestead project has proved its strength to theThe expected arrival within a month af tha JepaaeM embassy, comprehending a body ef seventy gilt edged Oriental officials, to creating seme tosh to diplomatic cir-1M3 1844 1860 1866 i860188 this end bave her Majesty's Consuls been instructed. ISenate. Upon several tost votes it has prevaliei. Its cles; bat a much more interesting question is " Will tha102,821the arrest oi F. B. Sanborn, which recapitulates the facte The effect of the emigration has been to increase tbe gers from Hong Kong to Havana. I do not attribute thisr has been produced atoee they arrived ia this city as stated heretofore, and adds that no arrest can be made production of sugar from 28,000 tons in 1838 to 118,000 in in any way to tbe sudden stoppage of the pas- A s excitement here among the delegates to Charleston owing to the Judicial proceedings of the State of Masse- I860. The great increase in the number of females shows senger trade with California, in consequence of cbutet«j0. the tscreased willingness to remain in their new home the action of the Legislature of that State, today and to sight Is reaching !to height. The Douglas Both the warrants and returns were referred to the permanently. It has not been the policy of tbe American lately made known here, which will effect a very aff-nobody supposes that tbe President wiil hesitate to ap- h m r • a* high that tbe hectic flush appears, sad death Committee on tne Judiciary, with instructions to inquire government to place obstacles in the way of such intelli- erent class of persons. Such as go thither are able and prove her admission into tbe Union under the House bill,tosartain. Colector Whitney, of Boston, has a majority and report if any further proceedings are aecessary to gent and voluntary emigration.Jnal*. 18,106 44,464 61,240 00,142100,641FemalesThe trial to the cam ot Christian Yost sgaaurt Edward Hope, Jr., charged with m'Jhng awhitewood coffin fors hetor Whitney and Geaaral Butier, visited Tice judgea of hell that he pnnished first and heard afterwards. victim. It Is this "trade" into which tbe committee bave to inform you of a complete reversal of the Spanish po- There was a very targe lobby force around the vesti- mahogary one, took place yesterday afternoon, beforeTveskleai Breckinridge to-night, and paid their respects to a i m The Pennsylvania and N o * Jersey delegates are largely for Breckinridge. New York agrees to go forTbe Senator from Virginia had taken that as a precedent Mr. MASOXsaid that the Senator had used language inmade inquiry, the cruelties of which have startled the Christian world.licy in regard to tbe coolie traffic, • * * the last mall having brought a I'espatch to the Consul General of Spain rescinding the former order."bules of tbe two houses to-day, and intermixed with the lobbyites were quite a number of prominent official de- mocratic politicians from Philadelphia and New York, brought to upon the requisition of John Covode. Two or tnree more such witnesses, however, as Collector BebeUJustice Bedford, to Jersey City; Mr. Jelliffe appeared for plaintiff, and Mr. Wtnfleld for defendant A large camber of persons were present to listen to the proceedings.JohnS. Wood testified that he to Superintendent of too New York Bay Cemetery, and keeps a register of the strangers' ground; he recollected the banal of Mr. Yost's child on the 18th of September tost; the leoord shews that six bodies, la all, were buried to that grave; parties burying la the stranger'smaking opposition to a motion, wbich, ao far as his inter coarse with gentlemen went, he had never heard used outside the Senate. He could not take it as personallySince tbe settlement of California, a Chinese emigration baa sprung up, profitable to both parties. The discovery of gold in Australia has diverted it The Committee have,A letter, dated Hong Kong, December 12, 1869,any Southern man who appears to be the voice of tbe oft*nsive. The Senate was the best jurjge of what was however, been unable to obtain such Information upon says:—"The coolie trade has lost none of its and Butterwortht will be very apt to put an Md toMr.OtaveuHOB. The Douglas men have amrancb establish- due its deaorum. this voluntary emigration as to require tbe attention of activity or horrors. The stave trade on the coast ofment u the National Hotel, the star of wnieh ia the "Little Mr. Srnxxx said the Senator from Virginia in his self- Congress.confidence bad undertaken to lecture him on manners. The laws at present In force are those of February 22,Covode's industrious researches for a mare's neatB is a singular fact that a large proportion of tbe Con- gressional lobby men of all parties are working might and main for the nomination of Mr. Douglas. They un- questionably believe that he to a man after their own hearts, and that if made President his motto will be that of Tittlebat Titmouse—"Everything for everybody"—an open treasury for all comers—all aorta of fat Jobs and contracts—a snug office for every applicant—open boomand free rations at the White House nil the year round—a four years' carnival to Wasbtogton^aad all over theland. and oceans of money and lawless speculations thatwill each be worth a fortune to all concerned; and m facta perfect mflbmmm to the lobby, that will throw into theshade even the Galphin and Gardner claims of Fillmore'sdetectable administration, and all the railroad land grantsof the dynasty of poor Pierce. Snail all this be spoiled Yost's child; this coffin wee of wbitewood, a person•bant" atoaaelf Everybody * invited in there, on the prin In reply, be would say that when any outrage comes be- 1847, and March 3,1849. The Intent of the laws was.sates of "Come into my parlor," he. Some go In and some fore tbe Senate be would speak of it aa It deserved, and if evidently, to protect American ports from diseases an centre of the traffic are Amoy. a port about two hundred dent. To Bight there was a Jolly time at the ranche, and any precedent from a bad place should apply he should gendered on crowded vessels. The provisions of these miles north of Hong Kong, and Macao, the old Portuguesewere mads by Senators and Representatives,i drunk, and stories told»but nobody in par-easamttted, unless verdant gentlemen of the pressto believe that everybody who spoko thereand vote tor Douglas at Charleston. Hot ahat of s. Good whiskey driakers are not caught that way.not hesitate to use it.Mr. MASOK briefly replied, but his remarks were inaudible.Without disposing of tbe matter the special order cameup, being*MX. BBOWXs TenRrroxiAL snsournoxalaws sbould be made to apply to American vessels carry ing passengers into ports other than those of the United States; but the total prohibition of the trade by American vessels should be made immediately.town on the Canton river, where barracoons are erected, and dealers have their residences, who make their ar- rangements with pirates and others to secure coolies by promises however false, or violence, if that is necessary. Others are captured while quietly asleep In their junks, and imprisoned until the ship is ready to sail, notwith-a o right to place toes around thehmaxdonas or s a y graves; theTbe trade is of recent origin, and commenced about the time when the lawa against the African trade were Mr. LATHAM, (dem.) of CaL, said it to now eighty-four moto stringently enforced. It was engaged to bydispose of the title to these graves. whea Mr. Yost came down to see af Iyears since thai country was admitted into the family of nations, during which time she had been favored withshores. Be thought that during this time we had ad- them were two gentlemen, members of the government rate and loose their tamper, while the opponents of vanced to political ethics to the extent that we had in of the Boston Board of Trade; but before public attentionAil sorts of betting b g c i s g on, but the heaviest is agaiostBscgtas, and his friendn frequently beoosas despe- unbounded prosperity, and millions had flocked to ourA letter dated Dee. 14.1860, alludes to the liberation bymerchants in tbe Atlantic cities of high honor endIntegrity without suspicion of wrong in the shipment ofcoolies from China to Cuba and the Brazils. Among the people of 160 coolies and the beheading of fifteen6,888After a fullit beet to attempt to arrest uus tramc oy a "warning," if ««?oa ta^tabia. ' " ' » "**•*» * * • » «raffle bya- not threat, which it will be for tbe gorernito carry Into effect In the tone of the Flora Temple, now ia toes* roads awaiting a cargo of coolies for Havana, and of tbe Wandering Jew. said to be »»«tor at Shanghae, !XAaskitoUl •*/ B M I a w BBJSBB ajjj^B»en.SBBSin v i u u v f m Usaxwe banit was contrary to the laws of too United)f theSrontohCtnmalUntitled Documentto interfere. He rs-tfveryeooly shipped. Mythat tt won-1847... 1863... 1864...2 .16 . 4878 612 8,849 6460 2,375 1,760671 41 4,307 848 1,711 39measures, •neb M the tariff, tbe Pacific railroad, & c , battheir main object is to push through the work of the ses-13th of January, and witaem agam saw It token up on be 24th or March. He had no doubt hot mat tbe body taken up on tbe 18th was the same one he mw at tbe Jer- sey City Cemetery on tbe 24tb of March; the second coffin taken up was a mahogany one, and the tbirerene, whichMr. Yost took away, was a wbitewood coffto-Christian Yosttestified—I lost a child on 4be 13th, Md buried it en the 16th of September last; I applied to Mr. Hope and told ban I wanted n middle sired coffin, net n common one:WW******The reset* then gives tigiven m the Bssuu>, by which, afterblance to the wretched coolie who Is decoyed and penned up in the between decks of the English and American ship." Soon after the date of this letter it was manifestthat can be done with Kansas to to admit her at once, aad be done with ItAfrica is not more atrocious, while the horrors of the middle passage embrace tbe China Sea, the Indian Ocean and the Atlantic, instead of the Atlantic only. The greatstanding sistance.entreaties andprotestationsor theirfeebler e -ganyornot; according to hto books,up contained the body of astiUborn, tbe Menad tent of a child fifteen months old, and th e third the body of Mr.Mr. BHAXCH, (dem.) of N. C , preferred that no atten-Mr. gszBKAB, (rep.) of Ohio, from the Committee of Ways and Mesas, reported a joint resolution appropriating 818,000 toward pay tog the expenses of the several investi-The Pryor and Potter affair to considered settled, with- out a fight or a compromise. bat tbe republicans are mDavid Davis, undertaker at tbe Jersey City cemetery, testified that Mr. Yost brought a coffin there fWtotermaat on the 18th of January, which was the same eoffin raised on the 14th of March ; it had not hew disturbed during that time, and could not be without witness knew aU, deK^SL!11?Jhen tte Hou8e *dJournon Fridayit be to the first of May, in order that the seats and desks cTmem- j » » may bei restored in accordance to a resolution bere-" ^ purpo"*' •*«*••» »•• ***** •» m (f,f ) N TfSEJtereof <cTippe- tevad tamyotatot,wastedPenney Iraniansand nays.whether they want a tarnT or netKtnm—Athe Senate— What Wm Mir. Btickmum do with Kama*Sectional Tote—The Bmuttemi BUI Sure to Pomthing further to be done until either the md thi$ Bmmtmt Project?—Tkt Herald Mm Bream and brtog the matter to a vote by Tuesday aafter their arrival ia so distant a port"Considerable apeoe in these voluminous reports Is oooa- pied by accounts of the different modes of evading the excuses of law to pre vent tho traffic. Capt John M Cole, master of the Flora Temple, in his reply to Mr. Marcy, says, under date of January 7, 1868:—" My instructions from the owners of ship Flora Temple, direct me to con- vey passengers from tbto port to Havana. I see nothing to justify me to acting In disobeaience to their orders." Mr. Knapp, vice Consul at Shanghai,summoned the Captain of tbe Wandering Jew, and after a close ex- amination I find he has no attention to take coolies from here to Havana, but to take Chinese passengers from Woosung to Amoy. He to ready and willing to give a bond to that effect The report atoo goes on to s h i w thatn some esses, officials have winked at the evil. Mr.vote of 184 to 78—a sectional division of the House—al- most as well defined as in the final vote upon the Home stead bllLreeman, who succeeded Mr. Knapp at Sanghae, has ven the subject a great deal of attention, and he clo s Fs report to the Secretary of State by saying, "I havNor must the united vote of Southern opposition menand Southern democrats against this bill be consideredM resting upon the same objections. The Southern demo-crate opposed the admission under tbto bill, because itviolated tbe Engltoh hill; because it violated our treaty ibis homestead bill. Are they afraid of at It would iand the approbation of our respective governments."Mr. Reed, in a note to the Vice Consul at {Amoy, datedobligations with the Indians; because it changedtbe original boundaries of Kansas; and because heradmission now would add three electoral votes to the Ohio. ^ * republican schedule, to a close sad doubtful contest uponwhicb the very existence of tho Union may depend.The South American, Know Nothing, or Southern op-position members, on tbe other band, found a sufficientreason to vote against tbe bill to that provision of tbeWyandot constitution which allows foreign born settlersthe right to vote, with the declaration ef their intentionto become citizens of the United States. A simitar nativeAmerican objection secured the united vote of that partyin the South against the House Homestead bill. But astbe vote of the House upon those two measures, Kansasand the Homestead bill, divided the yeas and nays by asectional fine, so we may took for the final rentage of for a fortnight, but there to no doubt of its suecesnGUrrictu Calcu^ationt—ShaU fney be Spriled?4cto compel their Convention to face of the tarifl schedules, or athe embarrassments of the f*The only Southern man voting for this Kansas admis-sion hill wan Mr. Webster, of Maryland; aad the threeNorthern democrats voting against it were Mr. English, toed tbe biU grantingtenda to each of au' tSTMr. Sickles, and Mr. Scott of California. This resultthews that the Northern democrats, as a body, had diecovered that tho English bin WM a man of straw—set op bomeetead bilLto be knocked down—or a mere tub to the Southern whale, aad nothing more.But the trends af theare resolved to have a tost vats upon nihe exact whereabouts of every Senatorial'<tor the Char.eeton nomination upon this question may be known to the Convention. Neither Jefferson Davm, as Hunter, nor General Lane, nor Ftispatrick, nor SUdefi. no Lougtos, nor Pearce of Maryland, ail of whoaM in tbe lists for Charleston, has defined hat iEn jxuscuti, the John Brown Redpatb disclosures pub breeze In our political circles here, aad with the resump-tion of the^Tariff bill hi the House, we are promised a revival of the "irrepressible conflict," smoking hot.aval Patter, Tbe House of Representatives has become a model ofOmgrmforthat Part)Obwaawamif r y e rate.. 6 6,644 3,130 2,986 146 sion to a creditable shape, so as to have a fair record forject, and from some Incidental proceedings in^both housesthey took up tbe coffin from my grave; 1 found it was a little baby, and not my child; I then went with them to tbe New York Bay Cemetery, when they took out n mahogany coffin from tbe vault, and open opening it 1 immediately identified my child.Bay Cemetery; first heard of trouble about tbto affair to January, when Mr. Yost came and said be found hto child on the top oT the ground: after be bad removed it to the Jersey City Cemetery. Yost accused me of sefitog him a wbitewood coffin; I sold him merely the right to bury; toe coffin I sold him was made of Bay wood sides Md St Domingo Id; when we all went down totbe Cemetery, the child wm In the same coffin that I sold to Yost, there wm s mould from damp- ness oa the shroud and attached totbe coffin.Cross-examined.—I said oa tbe ether trial that the coffin was Bay wood; that to a species of mahogany; I told Yost that I would sooner sell him a grave than tha , privilege of burial. [Y ost-" That to a he. "ITo a Juror—I did not offer 8100 to bave tbto matter set- tied; 1 went to Yost's house w persuade him to rase the coffji.of suspense concerning this ominous absence of Pryor andPotter, and tearful that, perhaps, they may come topistols before the police or the friends of the belligerents raised, for the purpose of deciding whether the coffin wan can bring them to their coffee. We await the result mahogany or not Yost refused, saying that be Md al-.without apprehension, tor we have very little rear of the ready had the coffin taken up twtos.A Daft Rett to Bab Boutet—Tht Potter aad Pryor Af- Joxr—fU Charleston Convention— The Pewuylvania Dele-gate*—Important Work Out Out for tkt Next Week aw oeffin lying upon tbe g-ound: witness told him tbst it could net be possible, and that he must be mistaken Yostgating committees.Mr. Wrasrra, (8. opp.) of Md., introduced a bill pro- lively over it aa a pond full of frogs after a spring ram. cided in fsvor of thePassed.a SATKWAI. BOXMXBTT. \The jury retired at balf past five P M., aad shortly de-the Trenton, N. J., Gated* ot the 1Ota mat. the . low, and kept there. This wasfthree degrees below tbe *J!L&!£iAl\52? * • a » U B » » * » « tit* Judfctary, re- half wide, a beautiful instrument, though pronounced by Milford were aroused at an early boor byJtoeiequator. The coolies tried kvburst open fee hatches and ported a bill which was passed, organlting the Census the Southern friends of Pryor a barbarous aad vulgar that a robbery had been committal on Friday u g a t b ycoolies that they rone In mutiny. They were driven befiretheship. Fiveofthemwere killed,several wound ed, and twenty c l o s e l y — — —*.,several woundBeard. B proeldeHjhBiJbr^may employ Chief clerk and such other clerks of first class as the ii d c l a s s , n i n e o f t h i r d c l a m a n d s i x o f f o u r t h d a m .weaponofbutchery. Weareadvised,however,that the next hostile challenge received b y a repablican from a I r e e a t e r w i l l b e m e t w i t h t h e s e l e c t i o n , a a t h e w e a p o n soneJames Netoon. Itappearsthat Nelsonbadbeet> to the employ of Mr. Henry Vail for some timejmst, aad on Friday announced hto intention of iH a v t o g o v e r d r a w n t b e a m o u n t o f * ^ — — — . .plied to Mr. J. W. Ysaderbas tor soma mm0f mki i ta small sum. Mr. Vail retired to bed about a leavinghtowifeengagedinand he soon after fell asWurday morninghis children. Uponor I of hto wife,then to'nmke the robbery i wife. Vail ana hia wife bave 1sad are young aad respectable. Vstl to wilftar tbto hto unfaithful wife may go, but to greatly afflicted at tbe re- proach that may be thrown nana hto children, two lovely girls-one aged three years, another ontoyear—whom he will have to care for aa well as be can.Mr. Reed refers to Challenge, which wasc a s e , o f t h e A m e r i c a n s b j p l - p n t t o t o Singapore in •«-»« board,andhavtogto dytaf o a tt h e n have red seed hundreds, andnelly intending toga, to the wtoebegin to pay. Still, U to apprehended that Ucamp followers short of funds at tne dose oftion will be larger than the sbmaahsnto means of reliefbehind, gtvisg to tbe fixed prputatton ef Cbar*eston an MT£t£.^£!wi' wasantofii at Baltimore, New forkTbe highprices ofihe support of agricultural ooUefes, be meated u » . fitiesoftbeTreasury,and,toaayr-"• •••••l i onal same, this to the plea for Uennessec; Baton, Wlgfall, of Texan, aad Pugh, sf t. awejfcaebfsw. tab A n * | a d / ^ n tt UanxU We4nesuly121MAST nlnuBnra WainaR died to Inst, st the sdvaneed agoM i k e 13shThomas M. Tryniski309 SouFulton New York 13069th 4th Streetwww.fultonhistory.comJ** House refused to adJourn—73 against 90.ef Mr.delegates toCharleston.Thosew h i are 