 «IVLTC T R A V J & J - ' S.**« ~^yzFT *^&W$$••I«I«' aan?£*#2#j# °°^swersyou,«•»«- ijoyed an inrmonse newspaper' circulation at ffca tim^yfromMainetoOregon.- Sam ijs\i.thm.^L.~^1northardaswe:*»*ftcr088^^ ^^*&* ^m^*&*^<^'-">VHI. TM>.^„-j«fTb«5*.Y.T»lbwe.: - M i ^ l •"/i^are: eWI have liltie forthex of at.y importance;to couiuiti- nicate..;You^jatisp^:in* the; dancihg-robto/wjiere thingsdonitgoatthefranticpaceof12»t n»^h.t, wbenrthey are wiahirjg: to hurry tip $he Crermak'eside thS aitvet w»fe*^>f flT tlje rrionient arriyes.. }&nt threeyeatt^, he has hired his tune^ti 00 r^ tYiaiWeiof t h eclayed ftud «ddied with difctwit ielee se*m^A shadow jp^ vnetj *M from ttts gr« ^witter of laixd-birds/occii wbflo overhead a conple 0 wheeling ia ecc*ntric orb in!exarch of prey. •1J ^t^M^WoNii.Klmlpi »»*»»1-il^TmMT?<>V>itWHU<lM*4lW<«(>M.<Ulk» '/*J» • lisMfewa&MmEnIHPiPIPW!NEW-YORK DAILY TRIBUNE, SAnrr ^BAV, SEPTEMBER 8, I860PROM PORTLAND- The v*xt morning, ^whelggftinoftheNBloop,th«tiky| Jjgbt of dav^in, and a £»vc-A lJtLvJMLEi.itrl542._ Nevertheless, the little „hapeJ *~**AO M—T«-r*i»«i—„ n ^ i ^ r ,'<#&£»-which the great Isle d'Orleans divides into two,. •A DAY AT PIKE'S'. •• — — %«* the southern shore, Point Levi, picturesquelywhole.but upon this subject you have your own persua- sion?,andhave'not readComus for'nothing. So you look at it, put it to your lips, and carefully seek out a convenient corner buffet where it mayyou, my home keeping reader, blessed in your free- do live at Pike's Peak. In three monthR, the teldomfroma rovingdisposition,mayshare,hiscuri- egraphwillbewithin300milesofusjand,ineight, as we devoutly hope, the corrfsporident of Tnethe |ame period. That m agic atmosphere of theThomas Bill's handful of mushroome, with a little resinous odor of the pine rose like sweoc incense to Look down 3? street five squares to the shining in some of the deeper coves. > v butter and salt, were hard to beat. jour nostrils, and the Mother Mountains—as the Platte, with its green banks dotted with immigrant*te8pictor*«que objecti:Htself.,I\*'D-r , MB$jx&. r^EWP^RT, ;Ang- 31,;1860;'Jchattelof.JndgevElmore ofLeconorpton..Forttawas recounting his exploits in" trout-fishing. I <Canadian shores. • ' . ' * . ' forget how" many hundred he had caught in thebefore us, with Trinity beyond. TheBe two;cele- port. Our city friends *eem to fear lest they might grandly before your charmed and astonished eyes. rise abruptly beyond the smooth prairie, do not seem by some chance forget their company manners, so Laet night, you came once more in view of the more than four miles away; but the first range is brated capes are *>n the western bank of the there is a rehearsal of civilities every morning, of Platte, with its shining waters fringed with cotton- really fourteen. See the new buildings, completeSaguenay, divided byacotfs about half a mile wide. which the scene continually change*', while th<= sta- woods ; and this .morning, after an early start, you and inomapUte. First, the large frame store ofThey are gray, streaked masses of perpendicular ple may be supposed to be the same. ,Unwearied Tappan & Company, packed withbydraulcpumps, rose upon Denver before the sun. But your \j*%r- belting, and rubber goods. A huge Rocky Mountainthe fish ie.an utter etrac, <alttd condition. For anhaa a lorg, smooth, and \v of a light olive green color, yellowishspot*;thebellyil howeverj of some individas while others are of a lemot will be found enorely. gra* era!run of-ood are about three or fourpoonds, th«to g*P*t islxo. La 1807,I<edge, aboat 50 miles fn> . ing, whkh weighed 107;which varies very little in can, does-not seem to attai* inhisaccountofBri-iah codx>f which he had eyeA later writer, Dr. E weighed 78 pounds, -and, length. •. These fish generally dwel fifty fithoma deep,-though aplentifnl-aupjplyoffoodw places. Tt eyJ are vorac\on smaller inhabitants'of the < craantitiee of mollosca and:is the great collector of dees ists, many of the.„ rarest 8 taiced from hia 'Btomach^The cod is unknown in vwarma in the Atlantic riorl more abondant andlarger i Arctic Seas. *• Immense Iqa<oaetscfNorway,andeni great cod fishing-ground of Newfoundland. They ee€ torn, and are therefore ali not with nets. They will oar fishermen generally teThe codfiahery of the 1 vessels, and about 10.0001 exclusively from New-IAmerican, already spread)1a thin vail over theseabovewhicb:^ise,;inthe.distance, ^ S ^ l * * W-1 nptjo*lyanmtereatiMiM-,.'•.,•••v..„ Correspwdence.ofTheN.Y.TjitOtjbde.'-I « *[ V „ ^ J •*-"*$o * dim blue finethe Bouth shnre fades i*- „, ,•ei^ve,alLxhtejjedb*'_* ** 1..^ :.__^Theseare theThen, as you, fci,tex the;.BUpper-room, and see that the confidential friend has,; done her bev^,' ryau can^ hardly ;refrain from a glance of conscious- pride. How well the honey Jocks in the high glass dish, and how nicely^.m^hihY arid noW tK&'Jtfdge' hits'. pwtbSttedliiq^fj ecma to Pike's Peak; npoU his ^ agreement i ^ Jl $1,200 for^'himself as no^m.nnim €»rCzc<mmnltitt^^ money., He is a marvel of culinary ace/WBnliA5 mtnts; and there are also vogue rumors of h» won"©Wr*«p<>»<*n*1»<*»jtrVBERE r>V IxWFf <L«wer St^ La WTenee, v Mountains and the Laurentiau chain,: wfcjsn UAnst t<mm;a '?•' % -I knew that the Falls of" \1ontmorenci were eight mountain-streams tue day before. " How about1 tiles east of Quebec, aod,i having traced a cootinu-,l tre bathing ? " asked some one. **Capital! "Coast—makestheirlivesnec«ssarilylaborious,anddiminishes the profits of agriculture to'such an ex-tent that most of them barely live. Cattle mustthe place. The river comes down a wild glen in boa'8 were crowded. Hundreds Of row. boats were weary pen,/and reach hastily for the implements ofalsointhe river between the Btake-boate,and sue)$> female husbandry. As we touch up a little,th« two bold waterfahB, and finishes its course-by driv- hope pauses through our minds that there may noting a large flour-mill. A mile inland is the termi- scenea of e'xeittment wore perhaps never before wit- be a "hen\&nest in the parlor, and that the cat and nessed on the Hudson River. At half past two o'clock her kittens may not be the fir*t objects to be sat•Further down, on tho corner, a hundred peoplerecollection of those tropic islands where life isone long, splendid Summer—where twenty days' rence offers many inducements to the home tour-friend who sees to things while you do the lofty.. Is there any fruit-cake left? and how do wo stand for preserves ? -The best cups and saucers, of course, and the beet of everything. This is quickly under- stood; but a more delicate task remains. If there be a thing that city people who drive into the coun-work in every year win supjort a many Here, ist. Were I traveling alone, I should undertake ittry expect, it is hot cakes for tea; This is one of. emy ; and the sixth has been for ten years a journal*however, is homey as well as there; and, so long as a man is happy, it makes no difference whether he lives at the Equator or the No rth Pole.myself. In Winter, the trip from;Riviere du Loup to Madawaska is sometimes made in a day.the cook's good days; but heavens! how we all dodread the Woman iu the Kitchen. Our fear of themysterious Culinist further down, with the per-petual fire and pitchfork, scarcely goes beyond whatwe feel for her, in her moments of irritation. . Thelives of all of us, you see, are in her hand. Shecould send us to perdition much- qufeker than thuCoTOfcer's inquest could bring us back. Yet thething muat bo hazarded, Down wo go; venture avague compliment or so upon the state of herkitchen; expatiate upon the rank and importanceofthe-partyupstairs. Shebeginstolistou—•futuret4istic shuttlecockeoitoiial rooms, Kansas wars, Nebraska bufWoes, Missouri iron and lead mines, Arkansas levers, Choctaw cotton plantations, Texas northers, Mexi- can fandangoes, and .Rocky Mountain Indians.The Magnet lay at the pier until 3.o'clock this morning, when she BtartooTFbr the Saguenay, across hibits a majestic breadth. In! fact, this is already the St. Lawrence, but/it wenty-seven miles .distant.Below the Isle d'Orleans, t h j S t Lawrence ex-an inlet of the sea rather than; a river. The waterisbrackith at-flood-tide, and fte wind soon gets a post of the Hudson's Bay Company, just inside up a disagreeable sea. .At Quebec, the rise and the Sagnenay, Here, an old Jesuit church is faD of the tides is sixteen feet, j >ut in the Lower St. pointed out to the visitor as"the first church builtLawrenceitfrequentlyamounsalaosttoabore. ontheAmericancontinent. Thismustbeamis-Several low, wooded islands BXseeed; the Lauren- tiaa Jlountaios come down bold iy to the river on thetake, however, as one which was built by Cortez is still standing in V era Cruz,.and JacquesSplaces loom in the distance before her. You watch top and paste paper over. Do not use BJIJthing of tin about it, the impression you have made, and then suggestL t tht>v White- ^ « £ * S *'¥**•» H 'was'jfreehle coi«T w***r-h& station, where we^ w r ^ n m g , a flarthe* hwp action at Quebec ro&M Labrador. W e ran -alo^g the bases of headlands,•ttxetnrn, let me ask y<u to accompanyus on l,0€0to 1,50^ ;^fcih bigbt, wild and dajk iwith ^undveryln^trnc^^^t^. «loaxa the steamer liars net, Capt. Howard, lo^erJag clouds, gTay.with rain, or tonched with^ # ^? July 25,1860. 5 an S ' ,** v ^ l * m regret, Mr. Witcher,hundred ^MeDgers on. hoar l^mote than half were A ^ r i c a n t . *n»e remamdir were Eogliih Cana- aiaVm;houndforthevarwrai watering-place*downSt. Lawrence f>i the first time were surprised by t i e'.jjore..out the cabin-stOye. No magical illusions ofatretches away across the country to tie coa^t of touched an''I the iroposirg character of its scenery.-^0 DSuccess now is certain; everything is praised, andpartaken of. .You' get tbe credit of it all, and forthetimeimagine,youdeserveit. You evenfeelasif it were your moon that lights so pleasantly thelast greetings, and beckons your guests graciouslyon the way home. But when all is over, you ren-der unto Caesar that which is Caesar's; praise the within tbeir large experience and observation. cook, return thankS^l^the confidential friend, and Here is the morning newspaper, damp from the relapse into the insignificance of an unpractical press, in season for our ultimate cups of coffee. ItTheIsleauxCottdres,which wenextpassed,is Betting of the river. Here, I am told, the habit ^tot ting to find the morain 5 mist rolled away, the retain their ancient customs to a greater extent pitch-black water; firs of gloomy green are rooted sky clear, and a warm, gonial sun in.the midst than in any other part of Lower Canada.-j One in their crevices and' fringe tbeir summitJ; loftier.'filled and lighted bis pipe, t»id WshOnJd hay* a hotlpreparatioris for breakfast, rad«« to come on dedk u.- from the aide of octrvesa*. and coo sufficient for our waa dispatched, 'we v eatHarps «ell Point and fits ro «edart andj it« 8tit«ly >ak«to the uloop," we nJade slowlyonwardwithagent fled the water. . At the at feint ae it Waa, gre^ faia<shor in a c lannel, where- charming.iteWB ihrongh . With green^huaade. It v Mraoas place for fiah. (WegotoutourUneeand and haddock in abundance. Whiting and bake. The- ^ them more than a foot iniStorer's Rspprt on the hsb whichoarfishermencaJJih< ropean bake; and that 'wtreally the English codlin? as tar ae it goes, bat yet the American waterf audop tl though perflate (not as f.u •These dot we now caagtt a handsome fish, elegantly f part of tl e body of a i^ad co white^ When perfee ly fr palatabhf, the moet dvliai hat ite softncee will not aoatt«" St. Lawrence. A s 80 nUch—nay, all—of our a beautiful pastoral mosaic, in the pale emefal^ river. Everything is hard, naked, stern, silent.Andraw* wir.THlM] 5 Presently ihe old. Pilotenj »jme»i depended on the weather, it waa com Dark-gray cliffs of granitic gneiss rise from theinfant which has recently been pronourK^d by a jury offcompetent matrops the Ai cunning^t" bahj 'of i t -need, not rVex to History to ascertain their Nor- - rhe Si. Lawrence, wh ich, at Quebec, is not man descent: it is sufficiently exhibited in theirYKre than a mile wide, bn^adens immediately he- Jeir the .city into a m*j**tic expanse of water,ranges, of. a dull, indigo hue, show themselves in the background, and, over all, bends a pale, cold, northern sky. This keen air, which brings outanybody's being the worse for it, but on the present wreteh, whose presence in the family is no help, is about one-third as large as TUB TRrBUNE; dehy* occasion.you are not let off so ea?ily. . Obliging and whose counsel is often a hindrance. Such are ered by the carrier at 50 cerit« per week, arid edite|friends persuade you deeper and deeper still into the the outward arid inward aspects of tea in -thefields; cottages, and gardens.Murray Bay, a short distance beyond; is the every object with a crystalline distinctness, evenmysteries of good living. This is terrapin—that is 'country. • ; "*• .-'-••>-;• ' •••' •- '" '• :by a.gentleman'of English extraction, who is free ! .^v,;, from, any, abwurd prejudices in favor of Lindley Murray, and cherishes a malignant and deep seated antipathy against the'"'letter h.'\ In two or* thr^ weeks, we are to have two -more daily jonrbals, iffsfhionable watering-place on the north shore, as contracts the dimensions of the scenery, dirjaioishes B«wry equal arms. The hmrricane-deek of the Kakouna linear our present stopp:ng-j)lace) is for the h?ght of tbe cliffs, and apparently, belittles theWoodcock—what the third thing is heaven onlyknows, but it looks marvellous/inviting. Your faceshows that you are scarcely.up to tbis sort of thingmajesty of the riser, BOthat the first impression is a j Anor&ma so grand, and fair, and attractive on a picturesque dell among the mountains. Access one of disappointment.. Still, it exercises-a fasci-:..Iff*-at-amerrfromthemomentofdepartore,offeredus thesouthern. Itis asmallcove,openingup into)heeditorsescape'heingshotiniheinterim.':Here comes the milkman, in whose fluid, furnishod^at one " H o w does it look at Pike's Peak? " aeked a dime per quart, the aqueous' element preporid^raten largely^over the lacteal: and he is closely followed! New-England friend last Winter. " If I were by the ice-man, and the vender of vegetable*; "We emerald do. of do;- is preyed upon you, there to-d»y what should I see ? ". Perchance are not quite out of the world, yon" perceive, if woto it is had ,by means of an immense wooden nation which you cannot resist. You look, and*I sides, that the fear of losing any portion of itlupins vibrating from f Jre to aft, and from aft•forward again. Behind tfs lay the city, with its of course, pot in the wrong place. " I t seems, which Nature exhibits, and at last, as in St. Pq- timed roofs glittering in. the morniDgsnn»hine, then," I said to the Canadian gentleman who im- tei's or at Niagara, learn from the character of theaad its citadeWoci towerug.over the river; partedtomethispieceofinformation, ''thatyour separatefeaturestoappreciatethegrandeurofthepier-^a Government work,'. built by contract, and,look, fettered by the fresh,' novel, savage stampGovernment jobs are no better performed thanrather longer than was necessary. They then hung us—great masses, of rock, gleaming duskilymills, saw-mills and provisions forthis remote region.You have fished in the Platte, - philosophized UteraTy publications of the day—the latest papersrushed collectively into the eabin, whence they didnot emerge afterward, although the water becamethrough their scanty drapery of evergreens, here lifting long, irregular walls against the sky, therefind upon one of its counters medicine to a mindl diseased, in the shape of all the leading news an<3fsmooth. This reminds me of the singular fact thit split into huge, fantastic forms by deep, lateralthe most timorous class of persons at sea are g« rges, up which we saw the dark-blue crests ofamong the prairie dogs, shot at the antelopes, hob- frn days from New-York, and sold at HO cents nobbed with the Indians, had your tent blown down apiece. About 10,000 Eastern papers are taken and your clothing drenched by a nocturnal storm, weekly in the Pike s Peak region; and that hugef, ? S fiun-eyor,^ ^ J g j 'conversation t hadPa*s;:ng arour;4 t4wj headland of La. Boole;-we' So mucV&eljetter fo>,the young lauies and theirdelicatelady-passengerscongregatedShawnee Mission, but, from h*r earning* ag a laun dress, saved and paid^$6p0 in hvrd ea«h for her freedom. Inher;armsJQUobservealittleim'aireof God cut in ebony, with .astonishing white^eyes-UaatovoepheTeenwTap thescenery,of this northernclergymen. Why those who can courageously face loftier mouDtains in the rear. The water beneath plain beef and mutton of. the family: dinner. I Our,and hungered at d'thirsted daily after the newspa-pile of T R I B U N E S precludes'the necessity of assur-dea-h in other forms should exhibit this weakness, I am at a loss to Understand, but the fact is so patent as to have become a sailor's proverb.us was black as night, with a pitchy glaze on its faith in bread arid.'nutter, is unimpaired, we hailpers of civilization.. Two days ago, after you had ing you that in circulation here it leads all cotem- journeyed six hundred miles on the naked prairie, porarie8.o1 8a golden transparency by tbesvnshine—alternating»ertoari«t»whomwe^,aetatRosteU^;onoar beltiofatmosphericeffectwjiichgreatlyiocreased rocksoftb^g8gU6Bay# Themorningwasclsar, thedirectionoftheprettybirquotingsalonimpro- them:h^recomethehot..cakes,inperpetualsue-.wife,wholivesintheoabmahundredyardsawavbound /or the Saguenay Xiv<&m aioet of the Sd<n-jxxit^,werebV^^forth«ltaTOetrip,andofthe theirbeauty.Irdeed;allof-uswtosawtheLower bnt-cold*4.an j^yjrjndblewdownthe-river,and•roof. It was the undebta^ding that people should f'Oirje'faeUi.g;to' this eotiertaioment, and the fea'etiag is of course proportionate. Hot-house grapes are a drug in the market,salmon,pdtSs, and game pies, are everywhere. I do not know the namos of half the good th»ngs that are offered; up atthese festivities. Who doeiil I.have only,avague idea that one may take a bit of boned turkey, a va- nilla ice. and a modest sip of Green-Seal,'without'ceFsion>thegeneialoftbekitchenherselfbringing whichyouseefromthewindow,WJBA,formerly» Jnp the reserves,, an^ catching a: look at the quality. slave of the Rev. " Tom |obnson,^ ]of tt^Kari^a*Iitoo4i Andywatchttdthspo,»Tim bage btfek rnr. Tkr. gray b^cb «t *•*. A co©>rtjrhtbrood-dA cban^Sr.g lo»t*-r Tb« tide ju.t plA*b,tl Lfound. onfficlv ^ a t lagfc 8tu.rounded with the jg<-ay 'toilettes. But»n irresisvib'e arm hurries you. |n vj^edfortheoccasion,with,canvas sidesandi<4^.,^,mm.<>flfw«thfuesta %pjogh;bo^ bu«hi an<t =to j r] them, & r i a r i o r u—jyoudon'tknowthevalue.ofwhatyouareeating. FromOnrOwnCorrespondent.'Only, if this was the way.in which Midas ate.gold," itiB no wonder that he came to an end, sooner or l^ter. The ruby cup of enchantment, and also tbeD E K V E R C I T Y , P I K E ' S P E A K , Aug. 21,1860.osity, and prefer a day's observation of nature and T R I B U N E will be able to send dispatches through ibrog the steep bank, embowered ia dark fc-ees; OUI8." "«*0b,'much worse," was his ans'ver. "Is The Saguenay is not, properly, a river. It ia a be neglected. Frejsh faces keep arriving, freeb human tature to the ordinary details of gold seek- from Denver to New-York by lightning. * .'3&n the wooded bluffs .with their long level* of it possible they can be worse ?" I asked incredu- tremendous chasm, like that of the Jordan Valley groups form: and break up, and form again, Iikethoi-Jandbehind them, aid the «c*ttered cottages lously. " I assure you;" said he, " our official cor- ; and the Dead Sea, oleft for sixty miles through the ancient continents and islands of this distractedtheJiafctons^while,northwardtheshorerose ruptsnsurpassesyours;butwehavetheEnglish heartofamountainwilderness. Thedepthofthe globe,and,bestofall,freshice-creamiscontinual-ing in the roioes, or crime in this young metropolis. Now, we will stroll down and see the lions. YoUj then, shall play the visitor, and I the cicerone. Buckling on our revolvers ? Most certainly. f Bar-a gradual, undulating sweep, glittering, farid, with: house*, and gardens, and crowding quietly cover up, or ignore, what we cannot help; of the jocks on either side from 500 to 1,500 feet. where it dwells and awaits orders. • arsenal, unless fascinated by the, recent experiencecrowded with fife and beauty, I had not expected couragirg to humanity. . -*For the fi i st four hundred miles you followed theold California trail which is dotted with graves a frame Catholic church is rising. A walk of a thicker than milestones. Seventy miles back youreluctance to say much about such things. W e wat»r varies from 25 to,147fathomsr and the hight. ly brought from Domdaniel depths of frozeriness, tbe railroad, on the Miss6uri Ri*er. You now streets without converting himself into a walking;^?lHigcs, unta it Teacbed the datk, attrmyline of whereas, yon,-in the States, make an outcry from On appproaching Chicoutimi, sixty miles from the flae Laurefctier Mountaiou in the north-east. In one end of the land to the otherl The d>flVrence St. Lawrence, the river suddenly becomes shallow,This is a picture, not of one, hut of all such en- realize how the railway condenses life*j for theiiront, the Isle of Orleans leprodnced the pictore'of& e 'shores. Pictures H, bright, so broad, so Ir this view, be true, it is consoling to us, but dis- stream, navigable only for canoes. The uppertertainments. Toilettes vary, from the outskirts ofmorning to the verge of evening dress. Among thejoung and pretty, thejittle hais prevail} and we donot object, whore the hat>does not actually restupon the nose, concealing the forehead, with theplume dangling about the eyes, like a Skye-terrier'slocomotive would have brought you in twenty-eight of Mr. Bycrs of the Rocky Mountain News, who, you remember, so narrowly escaped bcing'shot. dowahours all. the weary journey which with horses or in his own office. I t may shock you, who haveis not in the fact, but in the proclamation of it." and thence to Lake St- John it isan iosignificantmules has consumed aa many days.lived only in a state of utter civilization; but wo regard it as a healthy precaution.valley, which is rapidly becoming settled, is said to he very fertile, and to possess a milder climate than "This is no longer America;" said my friends, ste.amer pitched dar'gerously at the end of the Quebec, although nearly two degrees further north.Here, within «. stone's throw of our domicilerlefind.The wind blew violently from the west, and ourforelock. Leaving the banquet, • we find ourselvest^here was npt a feature in all the wide view(except onr double-decked steamer), to remind us or tumbled down it,'to tiie great diversion of a ' of our voyage, there are not mo rethan half a dozenamong the flowers and music again, and have the took the great "Cut-off," with its scanty grass- third of a mile, past lumber yards and scattered,;same sense of floating up anoTdown in the ethereal and alkaline water; and whatever your previous nebulous frames, daily developing into spacious res-pier. The passengers were thrust up the plank,But from L'Anee a l'Eau to Ha-ha Bay, the extentidences and neat cottages, brings us to Larimer mcompany of. the white-robed" ones. W e take leave experiences upon shortened roads, you are firmly street. One square to the right is the Broadwell i It prefero a eandy bvtt >a><f the New World; jet, on the other hand, we<oild not have referred i; to any one portion of by the prospect of an accident. I was much house and garden. ;tacitly, and are not missed, dropping quietly into the • four-wheeled, and driving < ut of. Fairyland along the avenue. But look! the avenue itself is Fairyland. The loveliest of sunsets ends the fair day—the outlines of the Lily Pond rocks are en- chanting, seenon the left. All sorts of genteel peo- ple are driving up and down, and contemplating.each other, in two parallel lines'; but we have not time to think of them, so fully are we possessed with that magic of the evening skyt, interwoven in all our thoughts of Newport, our ancient love, and its later renewal.It may comfort our friends and. the public, to know that we do not leave the gorgeous scene of the reception with any distaste for the calico wrapoer of common life, or with any mean opinion of theconvinced that this is tbe unkindest cut-off of all. Hcuse, a large wooden structure, where you ca*You have seen the rich green prairies with their obtain tolerable accorrimodatiOns at Astor House* graceful slopes like the waves of the sea suddenly, prices. Behind you, to the left, among other edi-arrested; tasted the intoxication of bufftlo-huuting fices you may see Jthe new brick Methodist church, among the largest herds and the grandest pastures several stores,, and two brothels, in close proximityechooha a few mil»a fr.;m t' ia the fry of other fi*he», band devoare almost any ki reachee eometimee the weifThe hake is much lar^ei : in size from three pounds .we captared weighed tw< •of three ftei-iri leng h., ' a gray'^h brown ftbe.lov <3roat qaantides of hakeBay Oojii-g the Somtner. hook on muddy bonorr.g, Sometimes a eingle rishen- in. ""baking," as tbey ca morning with a boat, loae When salted and pr^pa; <>alled etockfieh- Those u be the beet.The cod ie BOwell knowicrowd of spectators, whose appetites were whetted 1 ktrope. The sky, the.air, the colors of the laod- amused by the timidity of three priests, who, when• »pe, were from Norway; Quebec and the sur- rounding villages suggested Normandy—except the t in roofs and spires, which were Russian, rather;while here and there, though rarely, were the at hand, seized upon a lady, and clung to her arm piled together out of the fragments of Chaos over-1 taiks of English occupanc f. Tjoe age, the order, the apparent stability and immobility of society, as iiostratedby external thi ig», belonged decidedly i 0 Europe. This part of (Canada is but seventy oreighty years older than New-England, yet there seen 8to be a difference of five hundred years. A century of foreign domination haB made no mate- ria] change in the character and' habits of the French population. In fiet, the change in thepeasantry of France has been much greater duringA jolly, red-gilled, full-blooded Englishman, lying which makes Europe so attractive to an at full length on a narrow lintel abovethe gangway,find women moving like an ocean «tide t-ward the side by side. Here is the;City Drug^ Store, with asetting sun, and sailed among the great white fieets- spacious hall above, and the first floor only requirii g of " prairie schooners," propelled by patient oxen, gas to render it creditable to St. Louis or Chicag >„guided by profane masters, arid laden with quartz- If inclined to throw physic to the dogs, you canthe vessel gave a mild luTch, sprang to some awn-ipg-i-tancbions with every appearance of extremeterror. One of them, seeing no other support near the grandest pictues. Shores that seemed roughlyin the world; witnessed, the long caravans of men—temples to God^ mammon, and the devil, almoptplaces where a settler could find room enough for aSteadily upward we went, the windings of the river and its varying breadth—from half a mile to nearly two miles—giving us a shifting succession ofsurface, and the only life in all the savage solitude, the weatherrbeaten tea pot with' the' old thrill ofwas, now and then, the back of a white porpoise, silent pleasure, and'sail believe that"the Rev. and three hundred over the monotonous desert,,the.the green.leaves setoff the snowy curd. The piles, .derful pkill in concocting certain toothsome beve/ of bread and butter reassure people accustomed to age's with straws in tberii. ' He mm^&irl hotel fare, and with uncertain ideas, of how much writes a little, andf in point of brains, is decidedlw they could eat.; But you have still a surprise for superior to the av««rage among wbijte men* Hi«will *eeih stipe'rfluoaa, a«- By nine o'clock, we saw the headland of Eternity ; Morning calls prevail, to a great extent, m New- old Spaniards u*ed to call them--began to loom up tents and Indian lodges. The mountains, which •of pereoi is in the interiorheexclaimed,"Ihadabathtoday." Wowere Tock,saidtobe1500feetinhight. Bytheeye conscienceofv.oman,howartthoucrampedinto neywasnotyetended;,forthiscityofmagnificentc ns hue of cottages and gj rdena—the evidences of that smallest boon of a card and a courtesy J Raw lion, an appalling species of the panther, stuffed intoa much-traveled road—fro; n the city to the top of wrapped in the thickest shawls, and the bare idea aiene, I should not have estimated them at over material of your Frys and Nightingales, prompting intentions, with its additions, already embraces , .... , ~ a , . ... , , , ,. ,more than five'thousand acres, laid off into building * deep, black chasm in the shore, opposite the Isle made us shudder, but one look at the speaker, whose 1000 feet, but I was assured the height hed been to daily laborious v^yagings, bearing to ihe eyes the lots.•frame contained latent carbon .enough to melt an ascertained by actual measureme&t. Certain it is, refreshment of new toilettes, to the ear the ru^t ing You rode over.the barren ridge, and the ijrst city dOileais confidently announced the spot to my tboj ayyiztxr mu&k liighoi va ilio oocwud tlian oa tho of tlxo latooti oiJKo,, jroibapo it io tbo oamo dutiful ynw Rtruck was a city of the dead. Though DenverWe-hke appearance, and duly saddled^and bndlea, stands before the. door, the wonder of boys and thoterror of dogs. Below, on the opposite corner, the elegant three-story bricK" store of Gerri-h & Co., 50 feet in. depth, and occupied exclusively as a,<*»mp»m'oDS. A s W e tLD&j'Ofihnd t h * And nf th*. iceberg, explained tome themy*t«xy of hattiing inis and, a sparkle of silverIlight shone through the tr jes frir grng the chasm—^then a long, wavy line, mad, at length, the whole cascade opened to view, gi ttering in the sun. We were two or three milepdistant, and no sound reached our ears, but the Ivementofthefallingwater,the'silentplayof ifest light and shadow ov >r its face—like ripplesen a Bkedn of snowy silk—w* is exquisitely beautiful. Hasy varieties of i-cenery a 11 have looked upon, it was at last something new1 o see a great waterf Jlset in the midst of a vast, aunny landscape, where itisseenasoneofmanyfeatures,andnotitselfthe point to which all others ar 9 subordinate.nearly a thousand feet deep, and soaring into the night watch at the sick bed. If so, direction is a are now thick in the cemetery; arid of all who wholesale grocery. Beyond, adjoining it, the blockTaking the channel between Isle d'Orleans andthe south shore, we lost sif ;ht of Quebec, and set-tled ourselves quietly on the forward deck, to con- ^Bhore, and landed here; while those who had ship-template the delicious ^>*storal pictures whichwere unfolded on either si le. The island^ whichis twenty imles long, is dec wly populated and mostped for the entire trip were anxious to visit the village, whose white houpes, and tall gray church crowning the Mil, gleamed softly in tae last gold of the sun. It was pleasant to find hackmen whostanding in the water. Presently we grounded,, are few and dear, their callings never cease, while loved the world, nor the world you. However, deep calleth unto deep within the range of their here you are, ragged but rejoicing, dilapidated butand there was a rush of vehicles to our rescue. drawing-room windows. And it is pleasant to do not* downcast. Half an hour for ablations and With infinite yelling and splashing, and much good- one's utmost, and start, on an expedition to these toilet. 'same age ever exhibited so many spacious and sub- stantial edifices—a fact readily comprehended when you learn that while lumber commands $4 50 and? $5 a hundred, excellent brick aire abundant at $6 and $7 per thousand..WalkdownMacGaatoGstreet. HereisClark," Gruber & Company's banking house;'assay.office, and mint, another ample brick build'rig. Within, can you behold " the ocular proof " of the products of the mines, in the shape of nags and vessels of tho shinins dust, and piles of yellow coin, manufactured*-such waters. We, who are thia-blooded South- first v;ew. These awful cliffs, planted in. water spirit that prompts to the bowl of soup, and mid- had not a «ingle house two years ago, the graveserr ers, in comparison, would not have found it so I enjoyable. "Leaving Murray Bay, we stood diagonally across the St. Lawrence to Riviere du Loup, which is on thesouthernshore,nearlyahundredmilesbelow Quebec. The river is here about twenty-five mileswide, and present's a clear sea-horizon to the east-ward. It was almost su; set when we succeedediu making fast to the long pier, and the crowd ofmoie important point in life T/han is usually sijp- sleep there eleven-twelfths, it is said, met ve£y* sky, form the gateway to a rugged valley, pose3, even heaven itself involving the practical violent deaths. Thus far the revolver and bowie- stretching inland, and covered with the dark, prir typographical question of which way you go knife have been the fatal disorders of the city. You meval forest of the North. I doubt whether a There is calling at the hotels, where an mfiuitesi- descended a gentle slope, noticing hero and there a maL black imp answers your ringing, takes your rough log cabin, a few scattered frame houses like sublimerpictureofthewildernessiBtobefoundon card,anddisappearswithveryvagueideasofre- Easternbarns,andthreeorfourspaciousandele- this continent. '. turning—calling at the cottages,, in whose confiden- gant residences; and now you stand upon the Toward noon, we reached.Ha-ha Bay, which is tial shrubberies nestle carriages that dislodge, as threshold of;our humble but honest habitation at a branch or inlet of the river, some miles in length. you drive up, like birds rustling from their cover. the witching hour of 6£ o'clock in. the morning. " Miei complimentiS' say the half-dozen politest Enter, and we twain who abide here will give youof Soule '&, Kerr, of the same material dimeneibns, and for the same purppse, rapidly approaching com- pletion. Half a square further, upon a corne*' lot 25 feet by 100, purchased last week for $1,200, tthe brick store of D. D. White, an old freighter, who hasCTosstdtheplains17tames,hasalreadyrisen one story above the ground. Still beyond, and to the right and left in Blake street, more brick build- ings commenced and completed. Behind yoa, on Larimer street, dozens of others. Far to the left, across the dry bed of Cherry Creek, others still, ofthoroughly cultivated. Th 3 high, undulating hillsare dotted with cottages, mostly white as snow, could accost you once, and tnce only, in an ordi. humoied emulation on the part of the drivers, half distant splendors in best clothes and carriage, andNowyou look more like a Christian; and shall yon not take your ease in mine inn ? In New-York thiscne-story-houee,fourteenfeetby twenty,withroofandall,andeveryCOVBoftheirregularshorehas its village. Most of t ae St. Lawrence pilotshave their homesupon tni« island, the populationof which is exclusively Fre ach. The permaneaceof habits to which I have 1 eferred, is exhibited on French, and presently we were bouncing io his car(the water rising over the shafts), and we stepped have not heard of, and to which it.is very clear that an eight-feet'offshoot of kitchen, would be an indif- into them. Away went the delighted coachmeo, .you are not going. On the steps of one of these ferent stable; but here it is something quite palatial and our wheeled gondolas soon reached the shore. deserted shrines you find a pretty child p aying, and in the way of residence. The unplaned upright The village contains about a'hucdred houses, mOsfc a good-natured black Moma says, " You had better "boards of tie sides and ends fitted snugly when putcome in, Ma'am, Mr. Waddlekins is- in the parlor." of which were quite new. I noticed some cherry Ah! he is in there alone, is he ? No doubt he fre-ar d plum:trees in the gardens, and the usual vege- quently has that pleasure, and much good may it tables, which appeared to thrive very well. do him. Perhaps he is not one of the stationaryOur coachman, an habitant, was loud in his engines of society here, and has business in the city, praises of the place, although he had so little to where he toils hot and lonely through six days ofthe southern shore of the liver, where the broad, original fields of the father have been portioned ameng his children, and 4h< ir diminished inherit- ances again subdivided aming theirs, until you see narrow ribbons of soil rath >r than field*. Tnereis"thusanapparentdensityofpopulation,an aspect of sge and long eultotre, which is scarcely to be seen anywhere else on the American Conti- nent.The grand features of the scenery, no le#s thin the power Of transmitted t ssociations, must bindthese people to their homes. \ They are happy, con- tented, and patriotic—if su<th a term can be prop-over a rough road', around the deep cove which sep-arates the landing place from the village of Rivieredu Loup. " Voild du bon bU /" said he, pointingto some fields ofvery scanty oats, and his admirationon; but the pine lumber has shrunk in seasoninguntil the cracks between are nearly an inch in width. in Ihe hasement. About $2,000 in dust/daily flowsnary t< ne of Voice, and whose first demands were moderate enough to be accepted.a dozen caleches were backed out against the boat to meet all the inmates likewise dressed in best, andgoingtobeblessedatsome,grandmatineeyouI chose an hoaest fellow, whose face was Eog- lisb, though his language and nature wero decidedlyAt itB extremity, there is a flourishing settlement. go'oseries that you possess,.and be off; for your room a.cordial though drowsy welcome.hdbitans, with their ricketty, one horse caleche*, The bills aToundwere denuded of their forests; may be wanted, and your company will ne^eir be A looking-glass ? Certainly, here it is.. You* elegant and imposing appearance,- one of them awhohadbeenpatientlywatchingourbattlewith the wind for an hour or more, were enabled to offer their seivices. Some of our passengers were .bound for Kakouna, six miles lurther down thefireproof storehouse, 132 feet in depth, just com- fie^sofwhea.,oats,andbarley,grewonthesteep missed. Thereiscallingatthe-hoarding-houses, maywellbesurprisedatyourragged,beard,un- pleted,byJones&Cartwrigh^,thegreatplainsslopes, and the cold ridges were dotted with hay whose close drawn blinds and impenetrable corners kempt hair, and eiin-browried face, upon seeing freighters. And then, through East, West, and cocks, Capt. Howard gave us but an hour, but suggest the idea that carpets are intended to last them the first time for lour weeks. Your " looped North Denver (formerly known as Denver, Auraria, forever. Here, an odor of dinner prevails, and as and windowed raiment," too, will preclude your and Highlands, many frame stores of imposing di- we determined to spend the most of it ashore. As you leave, you wonder whether it ia " ice-cream being mistaken for a D'Orsay in disguise. The eyes mensions, interspersed with smaller frame buildings we approached the beach in the steamer's boat, we day," which arrives with regularity twice a week. of your nearest friend could hardly penetrate that and a few mud-roofed log-cabins—relics of the an- noticed a multitude otcaUches, drawn by ponies, As to those magnificent palaces by the sea, which panoply of duet; and you look as if you had not- tiquity of twelve months ago. No other city of theappeared so genuine that I was compelled to ad-mirethemalso.UiVotreclwoalestboxtcux,"Ire- showus.j''Whereisthehotel7"Iasked,afterwe steamboattospendtheseventhwithbh>.littlefamily."frame,two-storyExpressOffice,withalow,one-I story wing, running up nearly a square upon G. There are the two windows of the postal depart-theirvaluewhendrieda French oodnshe»y at Ne as the American, and em]' the veeeeb used are geuei oonsequently fewer in nuOur fishing was at leng tftanoe in itstlf indicative all our bait- The Pilot,. seemed to have aroused b to which he had devote, spade and bucket, jomp* followed him, and row«*l walkedacrossacornfield broad, muddy ehore. sprethetidehavingleftitban xood. There were no tr* in fact nothing wasvieib]sand enough to make it footetepe. Bat the PU< where, on digging, wed tasks—" happy as a • c'^jeast.While he was fi]liu| * huge rock that .bounds <5lams, and found bej or •where I waa soon buail;of a brilliant yellow cc my hat With these, the r and recalled bybissho-turned to the sloop; w with such luck \hat by more than a hundred ti*W e now thonght.it hauled our pile, and as heput someaside!ont others he threw over eiftbg out, enough reut -wants for several daj after dinner he wouh caught nothing on theA brilliitot Idea and't, was wipwg bis face avoabia. 'Isay," he.countenance glowing givenit,andpartly" Let us have a chowI•.•-.:. v ••'marked, pointing^to bis limping horse. *' Ok, par-don, monsieur I" said he, " e'est un -jument, vail-had seen all the cottages and saw-mills. "There And when he gets here, his family's little bills are is none," ho answered. " But where do strangers handed to him, and he is made-to subscribe to balls go, when they come here?" "Why," said bo, to which he does not go, and to concerts which heWithin, the budding studs have not yet blossomed into partition, ceiling, or plastering. The furniture, our carriages into the. boat, and returned to the one of frantic delight with Newport iu the season. though ample, is strictly utilitarian. That desklanle, vigoureuse ! Get up, ma partsstuse.''" andwith an extra Bhake of the lines, away we dashed, with a grin, " they don't come!" Thereupon, we epun out of him, as the cocoon out of the core of the 8howerir-g the mud on all sides. By thi* time, the drove' humedry back into the water, stepped from silkworm, and the last state of that man is scarcelytending from each of them, a string of men forty yards long, all patiently waiting, sometimes for two hours, the privilege of paying " a quarter " apieco forletters from home. But now, we have a United States mail, so while the Post-Office on" Larimer street is constantly besieged, only a few stragglers inquire here, and Mr. Steck, the Postal. Agent, sits in his- deserted apartment in green and yellow melancholy, pondering the mutability of humsn affairs. One door below, is Hincklay & Co.'s Ex- pressOffice,throughwhichtwenty,thousandminers, until the arrival of the .first mail, received their letters. . . ; .' - ' '•>un had set, and the village appeared before us, teat, trim, and home-like, with a quaint, Old-WorldHouses one-story high, scrupulously white-steamer".- •< B. T .To us in the country, on the contrary, after a day of study and ramble, how refreshing is the ram- ble of barouche wheels,, ihe trenchant knock at.theonce graced au Editorial room in Cincinnati, andafterward a cottage in Kansas; you cannot wonder,therefore, that it looks a little decrepit arid home-sick after its long journey. Books? Yes; a scoreor so on yonder shelf. The great rival pictorial dic-tionaries head the column, and look down with alonelyandastonishedair;fornooneelseintheGold Region, I believe, has yet succeeded in the at-temptto"getthebest." Shakespeare,RobinsonCrusoe, Greeley't Oveiland Journey, Bayard Taylor's ElDorado, and other works of travel complete thelibrary. A bed (whose white sheets are refreshing - are gazing at the Concord coach of the Central to your eyes, if it does rest upon the floor), two Overland and Pike's Peak Express Company, just chairs, three stools, a wooden bench and table, two. prepai ing to start for the Missouri river. (Tri-erly applied to them, who, governed by a foreign am.race, have forgotten the tics which once bouud washed doors, raised above the average level I', is estimated that' from fifteen to twenty thousand tells us there is a handsome carriage below, with or them to their own. The so3,1 believe, is good, of the winter snow*, well-kept gardens, and persons were present t > witness the closiuig day's re- without liveries, and a.pleasant cargo of guests dis- buttheclimate—thatoflat;60°ontheEuropean cleangravelroads,weretheprincipalfeaturesof gattaatPoughkeepsieonWouneaday.Threeexcursion chargingatourlittledoor-step. Welaydownthisbeitabled during seven months of the year, and nus of the St. Lawrence branch of the Grand Trunk tl e races commenced. The first was:when the hay-crop fails, as th :s Summer, half their "Railroad. '. ' - Two pair BCUUB—workiug boats. . First prize, $20: Heoondupon. ' W e do' not cling to this—what must be,mu8tr—we run down, and are; heartily glad to seeour friends; especially if they be not of the stuck-up "revolvers, a musket and-bowie-knife (resting uponweekly; 652 miles; $75j exclusive of hoard; six days). Every seat.is .taken, for the merchants are now starting Last for their Winter stocks of goods. It is Thursday—the only day upon which an expres? messenger departs with the cash—hence there are from $15,000 to $40,000 in treasure on board; and every one of the passengers is either known* to the agent, or vouched for \by some; respectable party. A robbery ou the plains you perceive would cu* down the dividends 0£ the Company. The only feinale passenger, a s i ^ i ' w i l l readily detect, beloug* to a class of by no means-doubtful reputation. In a population of less tha&five thousand, Denver is said to have more th-in orie; hundred undisguised: prosti- tutes. Recently'an'order came down, by'stage, from the niines, for some member of this fallen, sister- hood, (no individual specified) her fare having been paid in advance. One went up by the next coach; the order was filled as promptly and unquestioninglv as if it had called for a sack ot' flour or a barrel ofsugar! A. D. R.The Cleveland (Ohio) Plamdealer of the $XA ultJ tavs: " From the Columbus>'reet bridge, in this city, to'thomouih of the Coyiboga, there is not a-' vaeanfi' ('6ck, while last y«-ar one half sahl docks were not jo. use. .On tlio south-wett ehore of the river, tor n**"7 half a mile froni the Mahoning; Efcilroad Depot; thc^ liemountainheapsofcoal-anaironinthe-ra^,wiitmg. to bo melted together here or elsewhdre. The fteucg^ msnageroftbeBoardofCityImprovementalntorms u» that every horse, dray, and wagon that can, do ser- vile )Bon the go, aad that the eonntwy for mil** arouaaresources fail with it. A geiitleman who owns afarm on t#e nor lhern shore hformed me th*thecan just support his family, and no more. Another,W e drove around and through |he village in. the prize, $11'. ThTee botita emered for thi» race. The Maggie of New-Y6ik, Jaiucs Cahjn.aud. John Eckerrimn; H. (ieuet ofgatherirg twilight, visited the new Catholic Church,of immense dimensions, and finally turned about,New-'Vork, J. Crog«in nni W . Bengler; Cataract of Yonfcers. JemeB H. Wftldron biid Abram Bermah. Tae race waa easily won by the JMugai«; time, -1-1.miu., 2 uec. -Secoud prize, £L Geuet; 44 rrdo., 55 tez ' . "order. We take them into the fields, and Bhow them the valley. We surrender our patient heels to the barking and biting of their dear little dog, athe rough joists, which serve for shelves), trunks, arid carpet-sacks finish the inventory. .The lour "outside" members of our mess ar-iWhen I went on deck, we were passing TadbuBBac,The attendant, Sam, must not be forgotten. Samis n historic darkey. Two years, ago he practicedthe tonsorial art in Lecompton. When Gov. Medary(theeighth Kansas Governor withiu throe years.)had.takenhis initialshave,and proposedaperma-nent arrangement to pay by the montli, Sam wittily replied,"Ifyouplease,maBsa,Iprefer!tohaveyou pay by do shave; dese Kansas Gub'ners goesaway so mighty suddenly !" The occurrence en- has been scoured lor teame."THE REGATTA AT POUGKKEEI'SIE-—SECOND DAY.— door, and the excited face of the housemaid, as shewho has several cows daring the Summer, which on the top of the.hill, w-hence abroad, macadamized Sttco-nd liace.—Single SCUUB—sheila. First prize, $ 90; &econd, wisp pf oakum with a devil in it. If the grassSCO. Ibis WHS tow last rice iu the reffenttH. Elgbt started, m prove wet to their feet and flounces, we are as pen rive; the Ethiopian Sam (cook, Btuward and fac-are ^valued at $*20 apiece, sellii them in the Fall, road struck southward into the country. This followa: Star of the West, New York, Thomas Barns, Oscartotum) who has been spreading the table during our itent as if the dews of sunset were shed for our of- ^phot, announces breakfast; and we cross our legson ascertaining that it costs j 1st $28 to keep them through the Winter. By buying fresh ones io the Spring, he saves $8 a head. St is now the hight of Summer, and a wind is blowing which makes usshiver: what must it be, iu ;he dead of Winter?I never visit these northern re ijions without a vividwas the Government highway to St. John's, N. B., three hundred miles diBtant. Ifris now finished, with the exception of eighteen miles along Lake JTemiBCOuata, which will be completed this year. The American frontier is not more thanthirtv or forty miles distant from Riviere du Loup. The overland journey from the Bay of Fundy to the St, Law-iUed. Joshua Ward, NewburgU; Young Stranger, John Boat, }>onfihkeepvie, Mary Bel), ilobcrta, P . Lj/nch, Now-^York Major Morton. Gil "Ward, Newburgb ; Augustas Pruyn, John- Hancou, New burgh; ThomaH J*flers«n. Andy Fay, New-Y o^t^Williaca Araostrong JohnMcCready, New-York Atter a jclose and ex- citing race, the F*y won by three lengths;ittiime, 39 n»in., 45 sec. Stcoi>dpiize,-AiiKUBtuii Piuyn: time, 3d riuin., 50 aec.TnUaRafe —P^)ur-oared shell: first prize $150, second prize 75. This waa even a closer-contested xuutoh than the-previous one. only three boats »t>irted. Their naotea are: The Sihnw, Pough- k*-epaie; Homer Woodin, WilUaui Stevena, Ezekiah Beneway, and Jor-n Bee —George J. Bro i'n, New-Y ork; Dennis Leary, John Biulio, James B>alin, and Bernard Bigllo—Judge Voorhies, Brooklyn; Charles wetherall, VVilliam SelUr, Thomas Sollar, and Jaroea Sellar. Tbe boats started even, and the Brown and Sbaw c ntinued side by side until within a abort distance of the winning stakeKboat, when the Shaw took the le-d,. and won by about two lengths. Time: 81 rain. 10 aeo. Second Prize, George J. Blown ; Time, 82 mia. 15 ace.The prizt s were presented to the crewB of the win- ning boats by Judge Nelson of Ponghkeepsie.WHOBTi-EhEnRY OR " DANGLEBERRY' JET.LT.—To every quart of benieo allow one gill of-water; put them In an earthen or porcelain linfld vessel, and let them cook slowly until •oft. Strain and rnaah through a course hair, sieve—not coarse enough for the eeeda to go through. To every pint of the liquid"allowapoundofwhitesugar. Heattbejuice,andwh*.nitboils skim it clear, and then add- the sugar. Stir it until it Is all di»- aolvt'd,andallowittoboilafewseconds. Dipitintoglaaseaor half pint bowls, and when cold lay fine powdered sugar over thefenseB. Will tbey stay to tea? Most generallyunder the festive pine. A roving party it is, al- ways excepting your untraveled self. One is an ex- hotel keeper from Sacramento; another N* youthful merchant from Boston, who has made two voyages up thVMediterranean; the third has done business in Boston, New-York, Australia, California, Mis- souri and Kansas; the fourth, a typo-and editor— has worked upon newspapers in Chicago, Califor- nia, Australia, New<Zealand and Peru; the fifth was recently priueipal cf a New-Hampshire acad-else the color will not be so fine.the week, departing by unlovely ttatarooms of©rally need are echpon'e: Next, on the corner of Blake street, is-the huge, H About thirty millions,of tis never to hear, and all those fine costumes arethey won't, but what if they should ? possible. •The tiling is ,-• . . . Then you hui'riedly consult with that confidentialUntitled DocumentPEAK.barous1 Ofcourseitis;butajoujrnalistherewha Four weeks ago you left the western terminus of means to tell the truth is unwise to step into theNarrow strips or "battens" nailed on the outside,. into the establishment and half a dozen other bank-keep out the rain and dust. A square, clapboardedfront, three doors, three windows, and a stove-pipeprotruding from the kitchen roof are the exter-nal features. Erected utterly regardless of expense(atacostot$300),andcontainingallthemodernimprovements (which means, in this longitude, akitchen/ cellar, and outhouse), our habitation is bet-ter than those of our neighbors; and that, you know, ment. Two weeks ago, you would have seen/ ex- is the great desideratum the world over,takin' notes" among Cincinnatiing-bouses in town, are also doing a fair business."1 . In any of them you may see nuggets ranging in value from $5*5 to $75. '/''.'T h « a i rh&f^^ looked slngi Thomas M. Tryniski 309 South 4th Street Fulton New York 13069iswww.fultonhistory.com•M•• ••I mm* 