 Jltjp^l'*— said that his State would names of his accomplices. Antobio Lobiano, to fight the North, but to provide food for thedomesticlife. Itseemedtous,therefore,I Isociety,progress'^ stabilityaptitudes, training, habits, and the result of must continue, and the comparative degree ofsay,•crisis, mentioned in aofharmony.yetWhyButasan togive of goinganarchy, outbreaksrevolution,fni^t.The discussions upon all topics;;longaprivateletterfiroma issue?everyonecontinuallyasks. AtlengUi American politics have taken on themselves ai nt'ft« d/»'KiJULtiapT,>o.a» ttrMtdvar-^Taa "On-The Board of Aldermen, at their meeting lastevening, ordered three new steam fire engines tobe built, without contract, for different companies,and others were granted new carriages, repairs tohouses, painting, 4c. The Board of Councilmen and groundless assertions, and they will comeconcurred in appropriating $35,000 for street- out all right. If the South are not in humor the letter we published a few days since from anxious for the welfare of humanity, must belkaJUa«ioiM>tttaa Poct-oAM atcharged with the murder he made several conflict-jtf IM papsTt i*ing state^ienta, but finally he is said to have con- wlB fessedthatheperpetntedit,andfledbyadviceof'o'** wnppari S eaola » aopr- AflMitishould think so, to-day. In view of his apprehension, the proceel^ clTilization, which seems to have such and have had the advantage of infinitely su- Southern people with fears of insurrection."aaUasuouu—Bonaai THBATBI—Tai Simtoaa*-Ko. II moneyspentNorth, traveling,given by Collins, causing a fracture of his skull, to leave New-York for Atalanta or Mont- federate divided States and unite conflicting; of Southern ruin —but dis- WbywUlnotthe from the effects of which he died. The facts of going apprehensions ; byt^^rith file anbject of secession were con-t ealmiieas, and altogether a decidedlyexhibitedoneveryside. Inthe I ff**"''*^"^ Committees of the last ses- coifimiad; Mr. IiAtrjlh's rcsolotion Oierland Uail was referred to the I jjjnfFoat-officea and Post-roads; a me-it purported to be,must be content to UmR itsown people, its own alBtiia, lti»«WB(Ufasscil held last evening, an application of the City do not care to comment, because we wish to handed tons for publication, and the names of convulse the Old World. We no longercompnodie^1^B«atothereon, from the city line at or near Fifteenth- South are evidently determined to le(trn stieet to the East Biver. The application was re- wisdom from experience, and they will notArgusfarther alleges that results which may follow such vast changes.'^j^|ii|taR4fliie 'dictinfavorofMrs.Bubob.authoritycause of thelight on the real panic litical Cassandras have so often foretold%} —1;anxietypanicof dave Jabor to exist in the Confed-Union forunderiimQ^Kjf imposaaile £p»^inl^,systemspeople are ready to dissolve theof the reasons which have been alleged for such a movement. The excitement whichIt iswli»««r« brooiW hamt In^he^lyOennwndar fixrt Mad tt VotBx to te Muftetnred. The oeBTagiog eafuotme, '*f-ff1tyhit Qia launenae tiiiak of tto t|il|tiwiMiJ_fc» »rt»BARMAKr w«i» taken intocastaay by the UnitedBtalM Ifarshd yeeleida^ aSemoon. Doilnf Son- question of our procarinf « liiffif de^nds reaoarcea of tlift,v|dl«y cf La Plata, aad fil- ttere can certain^ 1*"_ tfMat importaat of the time accnaed parties, made society and Southern institntioiis. These can- can aid in building up a Power that wDl rival, The nrgroes of the South, In some way or dM(t jMb of i«i«w, Md rape, aai ,day ntebt, FaananoD, the chler mate, and the •imply upon that of the existence of Kortbem tering, abovf an, a spirit of nationaUfy, she aato the aeceMltr •»* du^ of »ll»ying »t whkh tKawtAphi* eeci^e, as reported, Ihrosch a dde-Ught of thenot exist without itswe will not do Southerners the iiv)usUoe to suppose they will not eagerly seek the bestwithin aBrazil, which it adjoins.emisearies from tbe North, by the overfaeaid conversation oi their masters, by the language of the local party Presa, by theof bamlaga^ ^BaflMi aadof deapento detoeea ia hm^y awa^ Moody deed* in Ihe mgM: of hwdlag jipti^i^fosaa, Naval Fish, ta> ^M aiSditioDal reaa<His for asking to be excused Cotton, Groceries, Metals, Stores,—the failure to recover fugitive slaves, nor Florida, Mississippi and Alabama.j^te^bays that the other be more faithfully performed, each the Slave Slates 0/ the extreme South. It is not due to would be introduced from Africa. Nothing could.' Sb tUito that Virginia will not se- .FMtlMSWtAe position of South Carolina l,pbiiij dtting, ftrt-footed rebellion againstWfstat*400M in wbick ho waa ueked for theIt la asrmised that he might have been aaaiatad off by aome fiiendly boats.production and aate;andgeneration,the of prosperous Empireother,—*ysaAtag ortMMI^ ~'~'''OBiJiAN, waa arrested on gonday at Buaqaehan- anthe of politicalbattles overand around each<«toBtao'Vl>Mi*(>tei«luSotrthem oTAaeriMnCrMti suspicion of being the mnrdeier of Mrs. Sdsah trary, notwithstanding.unde.stand, by years of sad andsore experience, that a union of peoples opponents,—by any11^"if ilfdwj jfa,nah, a village on the line of the Brie Railroad, onidea,rhodomontade to the con-be broughttoshameless misrepresentationsor all these means,—'Td BMMLia'B DAvaBTsa. has been notified to investigate the matter.provised .in South Carolina or Miasissippi; looking forth upon a future of greatness that that the Bepnblicans do not intend to liberate the good ship nsfrlj fhrno^ llw jarBi CWkiarPiitaaaa^aitSiuoabt.gained by"• tiMrtMf Ouamoa.nm >B», Ho.Bro«dwiT-Di»-however, to appear with the utmost readiness at aby future conference.chants and manufacturers, who have so ple, and driving them to troubled themselves with apprehensions, trustto the laws that underlie human nature andhuman conduct, rather than noisy declamationthem-would have the satisfaction of knowing that it had rendered a signal service to the country.ft^HoTra Broadway—Abak a«» Knvuraa.Ht-TMOwas attend- ttutleis excitement than we were led toAtlas andman, of the future, and inquisitive<i(€ongtesa, yesteTdaT,"If the VvMa iDOUx the ICT'a TuaGJLluas DAY.tf^Iifrom tbe tenor of our dispatches of President, Wm. H. Wickhahtheircans. The imputation is as false as it is im- have so often done before, or what great dis- ing master," sayseduca-but if it^t'ihrWH to retain her, he believes that the Fede- or/"He regard* the question, whether it is i'iiiSe to keep South Carolina in the Union,;' should be enforced within her boders, in Iswaeven eachslaverwere thoughto all chroniclesteps workingfionlT one involved in the imbrogliomonstrate the laws uponKentuckythatis tot tte Pacific side to the 28th of No- l^iBCeiTed, I7 the arrival of the Pony Ex-Northern man or woman who would not shudder at to another Confederacy—would swarmlof ^ledalisHMirtaoce. Full returns of the tid election in Califorma had at last beenground, and^a new order of things is to flash intoUfe, teeming with whatever science, or art, orquirywe think we shall have no diflSculty inand the butchery of men who have faced and driven back the foes of our country."little, and therefore soon made away with by extreme labor, as they have been in Cuba.The OwMraUp of the Cera.Some of the City papers have commented oaand the infer-;•jCsrad-rices from Utah are to the 16th of No- institntion. peculiarlady in Southand must States has completed ita labors, and that tremble in our ovn homes in anticipation and expec-be in the needs of a ^ropped_has been readmitted to the tancy oftook an oath to support the Govern- night passes that we do not securely lock ourI Oieat Salt Lake City, but created very-'SKS?!^.•eW. The Ministerialson Is at handDt among the Mormons,:,.though mostly Democrats, Wt iMelved with anjttung but attUHiiOlSn. Ibey {nobrtihr fear an investigationappearivhat is liable to burst forth at any momsnt— world, a barbaric Commonwealth, supportedNiw-T0Bi,M«r<MlL Hon. James J. «"«««"> ,^:S:»?ffi-^Wl'*iJ.t letter of ourwaslitical differences, to close oar ports to promise of ultimately becoming"and nation, and tltis Imowtedge they have not gained And then would arise, portentous oyer the the Home Ch.pel,No.S9 B«JtT^-^*SS2-•-1,"whoareabandoned on the pwt of tiie South,—inistry. tlitMrignatloir^PllW faiSMr Mspectedresources remained undeveloped, and herThese come firom different sections reportaeerify put down,having pitted of our greatTbe Boston TriirfcjBirilt""*""''place yester- getwhat we doinsecure and unstable,frittered away. She has now ments, from private sources,bringingWe have notinfluential Eepublic which,of men and<=h*riW*^had been madecom-Legis-I enabled to obtain a new Ministry. orI much his purchase anythingexasperated opponents, case of a breach weand itwipfMl'*^ that in the end he would befcfced to jSn- Our correspondent- gives an in-teteethia mS3Sf*t the pr«iness of the diflScultyiftttew>vwS5nt^ wUcn finally culminated in of the articles we consume. Werespectedand all the accompaniments of despotic with a correspondtag teoeasa to «correspondent,""^'^f^rf^ them an. idea urhat is on in the State States in tropical climates would burst forSi. Home for the Friendless opened *;»" .^^ST.IVwith the Jewish members of theday, and resulted inVAK, the Democratic Sr^Bltim candidate, asof theSotith,—dayknowledge, in America. Au insurreotloa 130 O.havingconnection therewith waspeople,editor of the Atlas andtyance ormation ofthe world, and the grand and formidabledie anffiBring people of Ean- permission to lay rail-tracks and run horse-carsThe Atlas andthe letter waa pnblished for the purpose ofiitotltie CominitteeonTerritoriesand InspiringcontemptfortheweaknessofSouth Nortiiem States, lies a vague conviction, Carolina." The Tinxs certainly has given no seldom expressed, but growing daily stronger, ground for such an accusation.- We published that this collision is much deeper than it ap-bmwas read the first time. ferredtotheBailroadCommitteeforconsideration be"the letter because we believed it cast pears on the surfacesimpletrothia,the OenfltetiMt^iff ICmtacky, then called up his res-alesson.In all the Soathem States haveon. Ttmaday,relative to theand report. to a It will be noticed, on referenceof food proved either partial or almost total fkilurea.licans the power jofetIt prefers seceasitm, disimiBa,, ta atitte out everything fiom the ties being unprepared.brother of the prisoner, convicted of manslaughterdevout written to a family relative, with no thought mind, through the Insane turmoil, and thet;^CiStand»,i^iH^Sie UidaB under all circnmstances-^convicted of grand larceny, was sent to Stag Sing people. All the Southern States are in a forthreeyearsandsixmonths. ThewillofJahb similar,ifnotinquiteasdesperateacondition.likelyrespondence gleaned by superficial observa-but the most bitter tt partisan view*^lat die cooM otherwise nev- AconsTA Blasxxan aiiat Fanny White, was of-fered for probate in the Surrogate's Court, and isstroke. We areits Legislature, on the recommeadation ol the are usually concealed with great care from oars. But the thought grows constantly inanysubject,iJi./* wNliini tiist gteat desideratum, aMr. Fomx, of Connecticnt, ceased sister.of the for the conntrywas in- adverselythat there are men if not little doubt that this letter communities at the South, whom the godspres- IImi SMnoctats, but he should sup-The Stock Marketfluenced, early in the day, by the Washington dis-withineagerness to sell tably higher,though pricesand ofwhich might assure the friends of the Unio*throughout the South that they had nothing toSecretary, John B. Piatt ;" aatborii^ivljftAlbert J. DelatourTreasurer, John H. Giles ; Collector, David TheallTrustees, Zophar A. Burr.andmore firmness waswere not quo- apparent.prot)ab)e;making every c<mceariMiTallow and Tobacco were lightly dealt in. Pork6001 serving on the Special Committee on the Per- and Beef were inactive. Lard attracted more at- called upon in a time of profound peace, andtions and Quixotic essays, to the rules of dis-pany, and transfl^rring as a burdMt to the Treasuiy expenditures properly ehargwahta'tynig^t.It is singular that, while the less educatedAyoungman,glvbigthenameofAltssdBir- customer. Wemaysafelyreposeuponsuch IntellectsofSpanishAmericansshouldatlast epithetsfastenedupontheBepublicanParty,by fiigltives; ofamy)Iha paittMiteT^ will to BbaBOKS, in Twelfth-atreet, on Friday morning From what, then, are the Southern people having the same instincts and interests, been led to believe that the Republican* intend stronger race—but a-wfi|t6Hrt|t> sopto tin* last. Blood-stainawere found npon his clothing, to withdraw f and his hands were swathed in bandages to cover goingthe sametion and steady prosperity, we, who startedand that have elected their minatioB of tbe negro ; Ami' tiieyto set themwUeh nlla fcr As- wounds which had recently been inflicted. When industriea, unless they cease to consume ; not the same origin, is necessary for self-protec- President and have thus acquired the power to cotton grounds of the 8diSBty||jJLNot from our trade and speaking from personal intereourse which necessarilylanguage,andsprung fromfree,do so. It is not at aU strange, under the cir- her wealth and the <—nor burnedhomesteads,nti^feitoil. his friends. He will be brought back to the City to forego the luxuries of our peculiar career, who boast of our superior intelligence, that this belief should fill the minds of the sorrow and social aatedqr.follows trade'Wednesday. On Saturday night, a sailor, named charms for them. Never was more perior political teaching, should be drifUng, The Atlas and Argus asks Who shall un-ings before the Coroner were postponed untilThen; in that diataBldi«F-^«MiA 4maybe far hence fltt*cure itself. It will not beMills, James Barmore, and Henry South, in its eagerness to buy and consume, will be making up for lost time, after having—married lady in the interior of South Carolinapartanyanyfrom Union liesides the six Cotton States wiiich justice and principle would sanction, vmk;nor unlesstheydetermineuponcumstances,thattheyAt the meeting of the Brooklyn Common Coun- learned a lesson, but one which we to her uncle In this City. The original was dignity equal to that of the questions which good upon —Thia-is the style ofExecutive organ at the CapitalBailroad Company, for permission to extend their Court-street route to the new entrance of Green-wood Cemetery, was presented. A resolution in pects.persons preventthe weand were erased by us, to places onlythe identification of the writer. Ifcontend over matters of finance or pettyafter a some- wlwt lengthy debate, granting the request of thedesires canbesubmittedtoof a new PowerGovernment, amongthe for-contested by two sisters, and the children of a de-yesterday^tibit i^BohitioB. Mr. Dovolab hoped that patches and editorial comments in the morning pa- make the following extract:jametowards tbe assistance of those who are in dis- The tress and are unable to help themselves. I commend ^tlaHhrMli 'Ab Senate sljonmed .at a late hour. demand, however, was quite moderate. Com was this subject to the careful consideration of the Legls-Mr. Hawkins, of Florida, proceeded in some request at essentially unaltered rates. Uture."us,We havereveals the real grotmd of the alarm which theelection of Livcolk seems to have createdt^roM^ont the Son&. Indeed, it fomiahes sures of conciliation. But in the unhappyI TOOtalk of party until this te. BJTBfdf MiaK-pers on the sectional agitalinn, and ncoreied ud** I shall all in to this result :" contribute my power(IkalBteBdaetiaaorfMd,) " which I eaulder of vitalhave blinded for their own ruin.We shall hope much from the intended mea-of course, is a secondary connderatiim wiftthat pa^er. We have urged, from the begin-ning, upon Republicans, as upon aS oQmm, •concniaUon. Wehaveinsistedthey should leave no room to doubt their pur- pose orfulfiiling all the requirements of ther apaoehea were J3iaJteL letmn-wa^.deo A yotaMyimpattamBa Id our people. L»wUehmaybsdevlsarbytbfwlatenof.tketheon whieh that alarm is at case that they should not succeed, it becomesg^aiWfh WM pom IfTMr.afUcte*,absurd tous to look at all the this nation.eventualities be-that.LunuuiOalledthe- »ifor the twoci ^W^PBeaicBf i^ECMAHM^SMBivsa^KnA iroHse^nc^on Philadelphia, Baltmiore and Richmond. Holders of Flour and Wheat manifested lessaH IsteBlgible.It is utterlysupposepossibleadopted,and the manufacturers' merchants at the 'Argusit,disruption atelegram that the Burch divorce trial hascropsplaeedlBfiMltlfrom Kaperville,conntry, and made & few at last been brought to a conclusion, with a ver- We have Ufrom the bestCom A. Mobbissbtt,em States. It was a And the private letter, patible systems of society.KCeptSlB that which referred to JVie- last week, guilty to arson in the fourth authority assured us more than two montiis pleaded—of publication, ^narrating facts of ordinary blind and mad'""1 tlx^ ^ ^c- tisdat a dbcnssion which intervened, Mr. for twoon of the Southern States to a future fearful to contemplate, sees the final doom of Providence on a nation's sin. We would not desire it to be so. We would ward off for a time the condemn- to make all reason- Southern society, and revealed facts which able sacrifices for their sake, more than forreferred to a Special Com- degree, and was remanded for sentence. In the ago, that the Governor of the State would berushingGeneralSessionsarobberwassenttoSingSingyearsobligedtocallasessionoftheLegislature,notand a half, after having disclosed themuch moreto be reliable than the cor-treat this question purely in its material as-par-the continu- adaptedA wss also received from South. They are in a situation to look petitionthe presume originalation. Its for tte grand panaceapetitioners.ti^%lAOinTm HTA.R, presented by Mr. " the Coney Island Bailroad Company," aslung at this matter in a1We address ourselves to thequestion is,long in.,takingThe subject of introducing food into the State 01 Georgia is now receiving tbe attention of— the outside world.ingVaion, bnt to dofratGovernor, in his late message, from which we :strengthar mart indigent and distressed in3i tiwn •ftMs people. As a tax-policy ofIf the Legislature of the Statehas to be pervades the South has not been caused byproper light.The his inspection.thetimeistoreversetheverdtotof(to at the last election.Thefor no peace which ahall tecve to tt«fear from their ascendency. We appeal with UoBS CoDdition of the Union. He concluded by a tention, but at reduced rates. Whisky was in- of vaunted prosperity, to keep the people the enactment of Personal Liberty bills, nor Though, according to rumor, the disunion confidence to onr files to show that we have^ra^ogthat Mississippi, Alabama, Florida, Geor- quired for. Freights were less active, and ship- from starvation, what would be their con- the inability of slaveholders to take their feeling is rife in Louisiana, we can hardly done our whole duty ii| this respect.giaandBonthCaroMnawerecertaintosecede,andpershadanyexistingadvantage. ditionintimeofwar? Theirentirecom-slavesintotheterritories.NoneofthesecausessupposethatthisStatewouldriskthetre- Butwe^cannotfoigefthatverymuchof'flietD be foHowed by Arkansas, Louisiana and Texas. The North and South—Their Commer- missariat, as well as munitions of war, would are at all adequate to produce such a result. mendous dangers and disasters which would mischief from which itve are now su&iiagn^ tene of his remarks, however, was rather morenodKSte than was expected. Mr. YALLAiTDioHAM,qf-Ohio, in a rather ill-conceived speech, argued incial Relations. have to be supplied from the North, and that, There is something deeper,—more serious,inevitablyattend herseparation.It ispossi- has been caused by thii misrepresentations ofjEavor of excusing Mr. Hawkins. Mr. McClxb-existingbetween the North and South to becredit we could end the war at will.Yet, inclosely home to the hearts and homes of the —ists ;but this, with the strong Union proclivi-fair, therefore, that they should do theirpart— which comes more We have shown the commercial relations too, on a year's credit. By refusing the more practical, somethingble, too, that Texas might join the Secession- our opponents and we think; it no more ttaaKtUy of niiBoia, was nnwilling to excuse him. necessary sequences of laws or conditions, en- the same Message that tells of the poverty and great mass of the Southern people, than any ties of a large portion of her population, and towards remedying the evils they have doneH^TIboiEUis, of New-Tork, believed that the pow- tirely independent of political relations or distress prevailing in his State, the Governor or than all of these reasons. Mr. Buchanan her need of Northern capital for her develop- so much to cause. It is mainly owing to tiieirtet^ttSaiiiiSh the pending political question rests boundaries. The South can never be a mari- out-Herods all his compeers in magnifying the assierts in his Message that it is the fear of ment, seems scarcely probable. jiersistent slanders of the Bepublican Party*grt|ftH>» Hqpifrlifffn Party, and he desired that tbe time people ; and not for the present genera- greatness, wealth and power of the South. slave insurrections. And this letter, with We may assume, then, that these six States, that thousands of the people in the SouflMiati^nlaitiaiea of the Northern States migtitbe con- a«MaK% ndtt tlist they might deal with it.- The tion,Tofi^^atl^lfrrHAWKim' request, was not taken,— pend upon the North for their carrying trade,Uiaiai(jiation being interrupted by the introduc- and for tbe greater part of the articles enter- That do it with all gravity, is a the light, confirms the truth of his statement. em Confederacy. JIaving violently seceded, tions of their slaves. owe it to tiistiie Committee of ways and Means, of a H^j^^^Nfaing the issue of ten millions in Tieas-they ^Toof of a stateseemingof mind deaf to all to appealsTheycountry, as well as to themselves, to do soaaa*tU^fiteThe com- for the relief of the Government, The mercial, manufactarlng, and maritime great-The Atlas and Argus may have noticed inthe the TiMM of the same day as that on which the Territories of the United States, and mustinginto theirdaily consumption.theycould not, of course, claimanyshare inmanufacturingTo us Northerners, itmen claiming to be sane can utter such stuff. which are strictly private, and can never see 2,200,000 slaves, would form the new South- invasions of their rights and even insarreo-one. must de- Theyis how others that we have published, and still others with say 8,000,000 white inhabitants andincomprehensible States believe that Mr. LnrcoLic win toleratebe cured-MJiiiaa passed after a brief debate, and the House ness, which the South pictures to itself, is hard lessons of experiencej^which are not far the letter in question appeared, another from be confined strictly within their own borders. ous impressions.HHijtdtoowd. forbidden by nature, and is but a dream of off. tnif dis patches this morning corroborate theand which canto counteract these fiilse and misddBT-Ui fllilireason,onlybything— atatMJgent of onr Correspondent yesterday mom- ardent politicians, who have not yet taken the It would be pertinent to ask "— inclosingbeen made—wouldIn armed ships or in fast sailing vessels,A Stmptohshown so much respect for public <qrinioa as to veto the resolutions passed by both Board*one from his son in anotheriSfc^thM Secretary Cobb had resigned. first lessons to qualify themselves for its ac- tion will have no effect to destroy or subvert of the same State, and making this comment portation of cheap labor by the Slave-trade.or Good.— MaytwWo(» ItaaI ef tite niost im^rtan^ matters touching on complishment—patient industry the subjec- ties far than ones, what is upon it : ;'Hdonjef secession which we publish this stronger political" I think you wUl perceive from this letter In whatextended privilegestotheThird-avenueRailroadOaM>into the innumerable |ftatJiewillhavenopartintheproposed isalwaysurginghimontomonstrousasser- thereciprocaldutiesduefromonesectionto thetruesovrceo/theintenseagitationoftkepeoplein indentthecoast,negroesingreatnumbersof the Common Council, grantingletter of Hon. Johb M. Botts. He tion of the gaseous part of one's nature, which to be gained by a rupture of these ? Wouldcipline and common sensebased all the various trades and industries of ent foreign to our purpose, which is to de- excitement to be la Western Virginia, profitable trade,atrenaint, and treason to the rest of the tion in the elementary principles on which are But this branch of the subject is at pres-strength.;thoroughstanding in attitudes—a very Inconsiderable numl>er in the Statesand without which there can be notreated by the laws of nations as a pirate. and actually tbe least. Tlie true reason of the indignant The cotton and rice-fields of the Carolinas, theBut climate,iwhich commercial in- tercourse between North and South exists,where it isstate offeeling in those communities where the toss bottoms of Alabama and Missis-asyordinanceofsecession. Mr.Bottsis'7 hitter on the secession party in lUs own these conditions, the present status, both wealth and independence of the two sections. negro insurrection. If one were to occur, and prove sippi, the uplands of Georgia, and the vastCarolinabe interrupted or suspended, but can never be that the National Convention of the Argentine vou never can realize it in its fullness. Already v>eof necessityin our Southem States, before the May lastbe resumed wlien the di^torbing immediatelyinsurrection. Could the armed you see care and pre- byand based on 'millions of ab-Sismade snch foolsof ourselves as to threaten, on account of po- united,Is this V But it is unnecessary for them t? ask the question, for they all comprehend the cause as well anAmerican aswewhoownthem.TheyhavealreadyteamedenoughJ'f JOSIFB WlOBT- that, too, in sufficient abundance. This (WBW^jflbmtlsh under the horrors of despot- for the alum that ism, and led by the mulattoes and more iiA^lU-strength was2'*»«py a majority of S,08T. A lASe' majority of tire labor and capital of the South. Unfortu- learnt fkom experienceInenoughea- pervsdeaflie Sooth. And whatrrei wa may fent slaves bornThomas M. Tryniski 309 South 4th Street Fulton New York 13069, reeelvet fcr tteJfMor.over MosxsKntBXLi^l&aBiMldicanjcandi-.Untitled DocumentSouthern Sti^.. Here is eanaeAfriotha, smartinghavingonSmUons amooabaf ta Oe aniagate le^lrmore an?fc» ahve-bark Cora, aad two <rf the pttowwn drink it~-on eta they wear it, unless they Argentine ConftderatioD, asd UluXare elected by the^alonkts. nately for them, they can neither eat nor is, to form onceintegral-v^:.www.fultonhistory.com>^dtewe In produce.nation, Buenos Ayres was of thesmallest account, and her rights were versation of their owners indirectly held in their presence.independent might suffer, but we veryfrom Aboiitiomsts,should neither starve nor go naked, as we for- tunatelyproduceamongourselvesnine-tenths Shehadnotthepowerinmight appear now, widely separatei-Themai.p>rsoftheOWshould alsonot produce, cotton, and ment becameoutbreakand powerlng«imd..tthecomerc^-^^^^^^ *ttb«»«- on Thursday, the ISthand Saturday. COHTBIBtmOIIB FOB K^fUM-lgreat staple ^orbs in its production almost the en-hot a nearty ere^ Ml^OB,—of wild,Buenos Ayreswesold, ontfaelIthi^iait.thaba&MMl. to Jobs Latbah, for tl4,0M, wUdlMtowaB iMdlB caution displayed here by the proprietors of the ne- ject slaves. For the first years wealth would tbe checks of MAacDSB * Biwasa, Hw soeoaaaaci ecpower,ATBOMBt have been attended to in the Territory, the two abstain from actual hostilities. The consummated on the 21st of October last, groes, not only planters, but others, you woulJ not flow into it for all soundbtt* ttawaaner in irUeh we interests of the Gov- cause is removed, and must continue so long as Confederation. The final act of unionauthorities G. VoH Boas A Co. Wkea nu^iaaed, we. ««a.jB-wUekwoaU, if report speaks tmlr, reveal a con-fWllwaf affirira incompatible with the generallyleMbed idea of the strictest honesty. The Tem- and Great Britain have been twice entirely province;formedM East River, that bR lis faasbeeaauB(ea,aiHaecommercial relations between the United States whenIf separa-part struggle hasbe the im-ofslavesisleast,canbenothingbutthemortaldreadofNorth and South, are nothing to the Having accomplished the first branch of the temporarily successful, can It be that there Is a single cotton-fields of Texas—even though she be-aad the dominant majorities of our City FafceiB. With all these branches of our mnnltdpal go*^ ernment acting in harmony, no such veto asthis could have been expected.the fact that thesome of responsibility for her recaot firm degreeemployment. This fact renders proper the piAil- cation of the foUowin« letter which w«a snthT them to the United States District hStrnmsf toof our Southern breth-ftfinitlCetniey yesterday morning. There is ren, who have only to stamp on the nitude and value of Southern trade compared to name tbe murder of innocent women and children, with barbarous, ignorant Afiricans, costingplastic imaginationssubject,wenextproposemag-the scenes that would ensue ? Is It necessary for melonged— with culture, hare produced in other words,to consider thewith that of the whole country, in which in-aad the total vote ol the State is put downat tlMVT. Lixcolh's majority over DocroLAa isMS. The new census, it is stated, gives tlie State all that distinguishes the social organization Northern stability and independence as those well known to the Editor of the Atlas and must of necessity be resorted to with such a;apopulationofonlyi^ut400,000coming to conclusions quite as favorabletoMore strict laws and more, bloody treatmentArgus,andwouldleavehimnoroomtodoubt vastanddangerouspopulation. Whateverof E.D.MoEOAH*Co.,in a waytocasttqwnthst— commer- oftheNorth forgetting that theveryexist- wehavereachedinconsideringtheslaver Cora was once owned byence,in&ceoftheheavyvotecastintheState, enceofsuchastateofthings necessarilyin- ci^relationsbetweenthetwosections. is that the Census Marsluls have not done tlieirvolves the complete disappearance of theirits entire faith. Andit goodconfirms a" "systemhadhithertoprevail- patriarchalThk New Abobmtinx Convbobbation. Late-«ttMr. Ihe news of the election of Mr. Lincoln The relations between the two sections may advices from the Rio de la Plata inform us "Ycumay ImaglDe, dear uncle, our situation, but strict and merciless despotism. Then wouldthis basis at the outset of our nationalHbkbt B1NATV8, had a quarrel in the grocery and Southern in and with alarming rapidity, in the very oppo- do the mischief?" How skall the evil be the gigantic wrong of Warery had ^Albany-street, with Philip in places of recreation and amusement, than site direction. Through Spanish America to remedied ? We not by holding up pic- retribution so vast nA-Ui3iS»t9^2liquor-storeC0LLIII8, the proprietor. The men finally com- reply,menced fighting, and in the affray Bcnatus was during the present year. These are not likely the South, and British America to the North,felled with a blow from a club) ssld to have be»a to lose their attractions. The Opera is not efforts are being made by patriotic men to plunder in Northern cities as an offlet to these Providence were joBOaiAini^^iti^^the case did not transpire until yesterday, when gomery ; nor i* Newport, nor Niagara, nor interests. In our Union alone, accomplished abusing the Southern mind of the false im- yond the present momei^ltlft 1 tntMSS-^a> KBKKurCi SiuB- the alleged assailant was arrested. The Coroner Saratoga, nor the White Mountains to be im- at such a cost, built up so marvelously, and pressions it has received. The Atlas knows inevitable results f Thar* ia-^The Committee appointed by tlie Board of 3u- The Sooth come North for these, by a law no no nation ever before enjoyed, suicidal hands the slaves,—nor to^give any tud or counte- few months it wiB be tna^Ute/ pervisors to investigate the truth of the rumorsinnoBw sad Krcnlng—Xta*"- that have been recently circtilated regatdhig the stronger than for the luxuries and necessi- are preparing to divide States already uni- nance to at£empts at insurrection. We think,r-^AstMCnuua.HUWi Salow—XmonuiThe FBasioairrs OaoAir disposal of the county deposits, and the alleged ap- ties of life. We hear a great deal said of ted and to separate interests that ought to be therefore, that jt could do a good deal towards The ' Constitutionpropriation of a per-centage on the sums received, whatcontrary to law, met yesterday, and, after consul-tation with Mr. WaiTiMO (Mr. Flati's counsel,) of in advance never did come to paas, and that an Anglo-Saxon people can ever fall as that its fears on this score are groundless. Its tions for connliation and ttacleaning. A message was read from the Mayor vetoing several railroad grants. The Committee on Arts and Sciences reported m favor of con-can beA case of silks, or a bale ofwiththeAldermeninthe ofthe purchaseorahad better be on 'hand than in a badcurringstatue of Wabhinoton, now standmg in the Park.cottons, bacon, debt.steam-engine,for such a belief seems to have been the ne-the roar cf the storm, and wonder anxiouslyThe annual election of ofiicers of the New-Yorkas follows Vice-President,as we before the pertinent. The document was precisely what aster may impend over us. What is to be theFire Department last evening resulted:;The present state of things will soonupon inittiTlliig isfOlHS fliband their shelves.ourkeptorahogsheadof rection,tobeafabrication. Theonlywarrant seebreakersthroughthedarknessandheartoiiuy,pay too,goodshensions felt there in regard to a slave insur- mists that lie over onr national course. Weto suitithat intaChisviews. Mr. Colukeb, In tlie Court of Oyer and Terminer yesteidey, extensive districts in Alabama, ihe whole lican Administration over the €to»ea «the, ljiaibP« BOtion, wliich waa agreed to held by Judge Balcok, there were no trials, par- amount of corn raised the present year will be which -seems to pervade the South- final and inevitable clashing of two incom- the United States. Its steady aim ia: toveryexhausted by the Ist of Febrohry. The sameftiatalmrafofI nnctlaB wOl cerdlaUrtkt.tion and written for effect upon the public mind. It gave a glimpse into the Interior ofanyffihiie.fiii llM usslstsiii CIpayer and a citizen, I will cheertiiUy contribute my that the intelligent portion of ths Southern forereadyoidy hypothesisveryimmense amount of bat mischief,that,,but resuMa bragged forever bound together. We refuse to believe " undoing the mischief" by assuring the South Washingtonastounding discovery that, in all ito doagreed to make a joint case in which all the mat- never for the reason that all true will,are now at workof previous official engagements. He promised, or a people have within them. Let our mer- ourselves, undermining the loyalty of our peo- thus doing justice to political opponents, it coLN." Thaty^i'Jinlme SuL-SaaM un DAaois itItatfc-atnet—Aaims' Fun Court for final adjudication. Mayor Wooo hadlow or become aa lost and degraded as the voice on such a would be heard andeom|M)niae, "dogged detetalaB- tiontokeep the North in ppsseaafon ofi^theyaregoing;— ters in issue are to be submitted to the Supreme ness and success is but the unfolding of the Mexicans of to-day but the identical evils heeded andRepublicans manifestbeen invited to appear, but declined on the ground principle, or kind of Ufe, that man, or society, that ruined Mexicoamong of its partisan associates might censure it for it has groundthegreat-pointalthough the more intemperateaacts that selves must one day bitterly deplore.cessityofmakinga point against the Republi-whether we are topass safely through— iftheNorthinsist;;The Fear of Slave -Insnrrections.The Breakers Ahead.do not forthwith force Mr.and permit the South toeleet a VcMideataimto their liking. Or hi defii9B of 9f9^ cannot iefnse to permit thethe Constitution so aarender it impossible fat tike I tration to move a step or BftaconsentPresident who has been jnattheyharmony evidently thinks it vwyable on the part of the BepaUieaaa, &^^Theon a lady In South Carolina, describing the appre- peering eagerly in these days through theAlbanyArguspronouncesEverya gentleman In Tennessee on the same subject Their first great object —for which aU thisadapted to runhostile to the other." tbe paltry amount lost by the running away of a few wholly prevent this. All the fleets of Europedirection the public miad is tending here, and wkat iaslavesmost agitated. If it were the result of tills cause the—uld not cut off entirely such a and America cothe aceottat. Company'stowardaan provement, we duly call attention to fldi 1teresting and curious fact It » a illustration of the advantages attending Aawas a negrothe Governor of the ex-rebellious for a moment envy us our possessions. Nit aany watertDtU'Iie|M^nie, in accordance with the Gov- suspended, to be entered upon with renewed ment of the reunited Confederacy. and valued house servants, who. In ordinary times,we possible increase of supply, and that the price water bad been delivered so board ef her.4Knac'8 pnieUmstion, had assembled in specialzetl and mutoal good-will the moment peaceBuenos Ayreshas twice seceded from the would trust to are watched and any extent,Europemight not at all faU in the proportion increase of quantity.of thehoalmanWhae we have no reason to aaqieetany iBpropvaction on ofher owners, and whilePiepart thyctaBjeaeaabnit waacalledtogethei, had adjourned again at the end of ten days. Gov. CoMinao, in his Message, Made aasatalancgeationa in reference to the aStdrs ofguarded against with ail the scrutiny and care that we possess.S^ canagt at;;andhavingeffected the forwhich objectand essayed a separateThe extent to which the relations between existenee and though she is by far the most Our planters and owners of slave property do not al-in made from the »««tita.Tetrttory,which were notfollowed OBtOflcer.Dotiee orauo^ rarooi««legal B. D. MOK•e»AH».«»;c*w.The s»- Faiisto«ChamiablxPFKfoaas.—*» Federal .threeof the must eonseqnent injury,premises where they l>elong.feel and notice these new restraints, and naturally ask erable personal ambition. Civil contentions,wiere*an we times of holding their Courts were fixed.depend The Northern Stateswould use the increas-Terr tmlv. voors. Teiy tnily, yours,waa restored.the two sections may be disturbed, and the importanther ila mar have been we moHvei, as recent owner* of tbe bark,Judges.rjcjhesteanuMpZuluarrived at this portyes- aambiUousingly ignorant massesassigned districts,degreeAs a State, Buenos Ayres al-demagogues asupon the SoBthem States.dofhilures. ^'^"^ Jamaica, intelligence to have no other desire bat to remain on terms ways took leadingtheynow,for mis-while it remained abroad, and gave fairend,theGovernorwere in a majority, through which any one ready to offer us a bargain, Power of considerable importance.mhen claims i^wn ttecrease tn number and in^»n«»cy. Thvm«^ ^T^Argentine Kepublic ;the leadersamong themselves, and uolawfiiUy, withoutb«e«ftorrivlok to you, 3hr, astae jiupiiof the La Plata States, her attempts to maintaid a separate Government have beenlow their servants to have any intercourse with eachother, and the negroes are confined strictly to the would beWe are all obllsed to increase our force of overseers to prevent too free in- tercourse even among our own servants. The negroesao^fj*signalpartintheCouncilsofancontemptuously ignored by tenth-ratenations. to make herself re-They have alreadyhme heard alto tlut he is fbr giving them their liberty,^'^^^^^^ '^,i^Z^^^^^^abroad, and lacking that, her Govern- and you may '—-§*"»theresnlU"opentag fiind. at the comerofBroadwayandthat her true destinyher^mought greatestand Tennessee,—The name of the writer of this letter isonly— the following statement from the letter of the ed in the kindly homes of those States, would:field servants In their quarters but our most loved in ;would increase equallytold anamal eC himthat aa quinljrsuccess but the ;It isiIgr expeelicfkBack of all thein thethat it is what the po-;willinglyothernot to save theand its atoi steadycircumstances,uncultivatedscarcelythat,States will secedo Constitution,dMfcWBoe ofb^nicmanythisnamely. North and South Carolina, Georgia,JX'-^,tSB-„-V^haveend,ofcourse, miii) h» ikttotes of starvation, of anarchy and riotous seemed eqnal to iti ata^ tmt flir "Jt^ft df "^tenMHys* iihiek Smemergency. thenationsof reconcilethecotmtrytoItsadieaacaafe:theEnglishlead us to believe that the demand for cotton our caiman infonas us that Ae la IHM at rla^w-Like aU aristocratic Republics, quarrelinglow even a rranor of ha» beingas some suppose, but the con- the — for the benefit of their enterprise, jrtlchwm BM>^^ from Southem sky, spectre so long dreaded tlnuedfor two or three days ^fr-J^JZ^^^heard of Lisooln's election, and slave insurrection. Not such revolts as worthy object and deserve. •"^•fiS^'SS; ^^*nd we have similar state- agaimithe whole mighty upheavallocal— ties,ofslavesh>ngaccustomedtosubjectiona sale of usefalwithto thetie admonitions as tiiese Sitt itordinance topresent differences ..between the Mayerwodd;ateefion ttlmh innocent, li1|h Iniiiiil illiigifctirthing, rather thancourage the Tlmininniiti tn frriil flii li firfiliiof the North,—to impose them tta h»- uponlief that they have no security tot fl>A ri^litovrithin the Union, and that satf-prateettsB -m^quires them to secede, it is stterty Inrifamofthis ornow is,and destroy the Republican P»ty.We can assure the Constitution that tf these efforts will end iniailnre. Theymaydaaashe was for ^teCUntrad*. T»4m. intendedI^aiAxir-tojaii^l':tf the Councils Citypart of the^ iiiiim