 J.-'*'--maddress a lew words to yon ?"based on reason, notice, the will and consent of the peoples,wehavedeemeditincumbentonus,freeand•i >is about 200 miles long, and has a deep channel for IV2 milesfromitsmouth,. Aseriesofrapidsthencom-Commi*»ioneri may grant temporary ferry licenses.SBO. 12. Fees of Commissioner* or" Appraisal, 4910 per day; tob«. paid by new lessee. bv:.13.Act'totakeeffortimmedi&ttfly.Untitled DocumentThomas M. Tryniski 309 South 4th Street Fulton New York 13069BMaaeagste aaafit I have doubts.1 have Tead THK TnmuNE from its commencemeut,andcantestifywidiwhatearnestnessyouhaveworkedwas in command of the military, whiek made a mag- nificent display. The following compares were posted aroundtheKCHtloldbeforethearrivalofthepnsouerf:ii •I%rTHREEBAYSLATERFROMEUROPE.AJOOVAL OS THB OTLTOC;,: m p His Lordship—What is the objection 1 :vetmore the right of the^^ple mi^0m0^^^m 's^icffli gtve^elBB%xM»f<ra^ whatever'your voteI!:y^irxees—lreceived it in connestion with the con-•THE ELECTIONS IN LOMBAEDY.Correspondence of The London Times.• '.1Mlpolicy in Italy. '.. , , ,„ „ . ._. „ments. The subject, at the first thought, may not seem one capable of artistic elaboration, but Mr. John- son has treated it in such a manner as to make it both real and ideal. Pink is a bright-complexioncd quad- roon, with the fnll black eye peculiar to her race; the artist has placed her in a reclining position upon a fox's skin looking intently at a pearl ring on her fore- finger. The same artist has recently finished another cabinet picture representing a lady sitting in her boudoir. <t4..... ,.... _jnts from 733®8i>i, on the five per costs from 9I| to four per cents from 733®8!>i,98* end^on the fivo and a half per cents, from 9t>| to lOOJ,r. md^on the fivo and a half per cents, from 9t>jtol00J. AtCalcuttai also, according to tho last accounts received at E CaTcutiai ulso, according to tho last accounts received at Bombay,there hsd been a genueal rise of between 3 and 4 percent.. A pri- vate telegram from Marseilles likewise states tbat the rive and'a half per cent loan had been closed; Under these circumstances the further supplies that-wilt be sent to the London market are<MW«btMMi»<-..;.-- i n V-'•'*.-BgWBB^gi^^IYEW-Y«RK DAILY TRIBUNE, WEDNESDAY, MARCH 21, I860.pr;ftglaaiwill tolerate the Annexation of•"*1^!** -«««^v*--*'-w^i«-Savoy to France.ASSEXATIOS PX0CEEM3G ESJ ITALY.v'*4Lord Palme-niton then offered to withdraw his motion.Objections were raised to the proposed day, and the •Sserosfon of! this question gradually drew into its area topiee of mush larger dimensions, tlie most prominent being the annexation of Savoy to France.to the annexation of Savoy to France. -signed the post of Governor-General.powder smell the electioneering movement has begun litions and circoli which took part in the communalpany possessing them, get into unsafe hands, and be • question, created a dlnu^recable impression, the English funds tifying the wretched mistakes made by the late Superin- ttretch of official fort cast quite uncalled for, and itnestsess upon the House, and expressed his nope that Parliament would make a solemn protest against that aet. fMr. Bright condemned the terms employed by Mr. Fitxgerald.Mr. JJoebuck inveighed against the Emperor of the French, whom he accused oibreach of treaties.Lord John BuseeH' said that such irritating discus- sions only sowed suspicion and distrust, and were calcu- lated to bring about a total rupture with a neighboring friendly country. He thought the present was not the time to raise the discussion. Sardinia, the Power most mterested, had not spoken on the subject. His opinion, was, that the treaty of commerce with France -was destined, if approved by Parliament, to draw eioser the ties of friendship between the two nationsand occasionally an advance has taken place. The last pricewill publish to-morrow the following programme of almost thrown into the background general politics, eign Exchanges Tuesday afternoon the rates on Amsterdam and decoration hereafter. The Report bears evidence of which thoeo materials and implements.were prepared*I J by pnrmg both an interest in the blessings of peace, which would tend to prevent the great calamity of war. After Rome further discussion, the motion was with-draws.The House then went into Committee upon the Cus-toms act.The " Savings Banks and Friendly Societies Inveet-ments bill" was read a second ti ne.On the order for the second reading of the " SettledEf tates Act (1856) Amendment bill," Mr. Byng moved to defer the second reading for six months. The bill was opposed and supported by several members. Upon a drrieion, the amendment was carried by 86 to 43; so the bill is lost.The Boure then adjourned. 7%e Shipping Gamete says:"Daring the month of February, the number of •wreck* was 154. In January, 225*; making a totalduring the present year of 383."The Irish papers deny that Mdlle. Piccolomini hasbeen united m the holy bonds of matrimony since her arrival in- Dublin.The Prince of Orange paid a visit to the Great .Eastern, on Monday, 5th of March.The number of vouchers for this ball exchanged up to the evening of the 5th exceeded 6,000. Not leas, than 8,000 are expected to be present.The pfetoregque marine terrace, erected by the latecil of the Empire by appointing persons of great dis- tinction on the basis of population."ITALY.-• owhich all speak out distinctly is that the candidate must pledge himself to promote by all means in his power the annexation of the four provinces of Central Italy. It is needless to remark what a power for de- cisive action a Parliament thus constituted will give to an energetic Ministry.March 6.—The business was dull to-day, and quite of a retail tion, and it is only to be regretted that he has not been eharaoter. Wheat and Flour maintained the prices of this dnywcelr. Oats unaltered. Barley. Beans and Peas were without equally fortunate in all his appointments since he came change in value or demand. Indian Corn was in moderate re-into office..—Tbe habit of imitation is very strong in our provin-The Banking Law could never have contemplated such a rendering as is given to it—that the Superin- tendent should alone direct and control the exigraving and printing of bank notes. It says merely that the Superintendent is to cause to be engraved and printed!in the best manner to guard against counterfeiters* •;- Does this make it a prerogative of his department to> confer the whole of this important work,- against the expressed wishes of those directly interested in it, to one Company 1 If such is the law, it was manifestlyau oversight of the Legislature at the time in allowing it to be made so; and tne fact that those who first car- ried out its provisions, and those who have subse- quently done so, until quite a recent period, did not so regard it, buAemployed seven different firms of en- gravers, is c«Sfrusive against such au interpretation* Ihe present ruling of tne Superintendent in regard to this matter is an anomaly in legislation which calls for a speedy correction; and we cannot but believe that both Houses of the Legislature will so decide as soon? as the bill comes before them.frem Wasehnd, and will embark in the Dalhousie and Prince Arthur en the I6th and 17th February.o>' ••THE SECRECY OF THE CONFESSIONAL.in him, you bavo only taken counsel of honor, being well refeolved to resist at all coat the restoration of the fallen government, and you have acclaimed Victor Emanuel, who has long reigned over the hearts of the multitudes.trian Imperial Government.. Be so good, Monsieur le Ministre,.a9 to point out tothe Government of , 1, that the elasticity of these expressions is so great that nearly the whole male population of Vet etia may come under this category;15* 1NO&THJKRK CTKCU1T.—DUBHAX, March Cotnwr —before Mr . Jostk-e H i L t .The court sat at 10 o'clock this morning.5— Cxow.v •Discord, disorder, crimes, all went into exile in 2, that the circular says expressly that no considera-SIR: Your strictures in THE TIUHUNE of the 17th inst. on a remark made at the meeting of the working-.^jjectiens aro easily amended •81$, luBaiitt]-'fy$jfjb' prices g«n ' vlre: iPor Vj a | V Canton Company, 14,1 jj.*^y^#B-V^W. -if-I*!""'-"rflTHWHfNfrff^'entire liberty, of voting.- Let every citizen act for him- fArt, they might solacethem*elves with the reflection that they had done an act which would cause their memories• • • • • • p MjKfii«BBiHWHfrank citiisens, to make a trial in order to strengthen mence, extending about 30 miles, after which there is- ishall tell the -whole truth, n ^•A.k&i't* Ha Lerdship—The meaning of the oath is this: »t is the -whole truth touching the trial which you are aek»d; which you, legitimately according to law, can be asked. If anything is asked'of you in the witness- box which the law nays ought not to he asked—for instance, if you are asked a Question the answer to which might criminate yourself—you would be .en-titled to &ayr " I object to answer that ouesUon, be- cause-the answer might crmuxiate myself, and the law would sustain the objection. ^TM <^n thcraforeihe highlands—a magnificent country, well watered and wooded, with a rich soil and pretty numerous pop-and a hundred thousand to found achurchin Borrioboo-HETtF TO HTJSei&ilH'S HSSESGERS. have no objection as a loyal subject, andm.duty to^the laws of the country, to answer the whole truth touch-m« the case which may be lawfully asked.The Kev. Mr. Kelly, after some objection, took the oath in the ueoal fonn, and gave the foliowing eyi- ', March, arrived here on Tuesday morning with three deuce- I have been twelve years Catholic priest at the! —r ...•t<\ arrived •* Liverpool on Sunday night, March 4.\ Tbe Bohemian arrived at Qoeenstown on Wednes- ; day nioreing, March 7.The steamship Fulton, from Southampton on the 8th•days ktern*w* from Europe. The Canada and Etna Felling. On Christmas day I received the watch pro-discharged i%with firmness; I have governed in ac- ,. country is well adapted for cattle and sheep. Beside of three hundred thousand dollars to the City of New- ous petitions in its favor in the Legislature, that a very cordance with public opinion and not that] of parties; I .various kinds of provisions, &c., they gro w cotton York, to be used in establishing an Agricultural School. lively interest is felt in regard to the bill introdaced have governed with the sole view of retili/.ing the end largely. In the high lauds and low lands, through 2J° Buthow con New-York have an Agricultural School? into the Senate relative to tbe engraving of bank notes, proposed by your votes; honor and fninkness have•M>f •••• >*J•Messrs. Allen and Gillespie, the agents, have for} fessional.iii>irfrii«*riiiffnTiVWrMiThe K**. Mr. KeTry---Il!>av« a conscientious motive. Baa Lordship—What motive ?The Rev. Mr. Kelly—X object to the form of thend'btber M'g'edhn»^t;t«^navigatfenr'^^l»ake Nyasaa;;; and" how far that*extenoyto the north; we are ae yet uaable to eayf natives informed ua that it took threeART ITEMS.•—If tlie benevolent millionaires of thi« opulent me- tropolis,, when they sit down to make their wills, andfor the benefit of the workfogmen, anda you deeerve their thanks.I trmt you will do me the favor to permit the above to sppear in your paper, aud oblige.-.', **i;.....;.oath. ,.....„, .J£ respectit, and cause it to be respected, ; ;,r T h e ^ e v . Mr. Kelh—That I shall tell the trntht and Consequently,, in vvirtue of the full.powers legally nothing but the truth. I must, as a minister ot the conferred on me, I jpublieh adecree, by which I sub«I Catholic Chnreb, object to the part that states that I mit to.uhiversal suffrage, direct and secret, these two••mmbMBy Mr. Headlam—From whom did you receive that watch ?been the only guides of my policy.J b (Signed) Bolotjna, March 1,1360.of latitude, we met with cotton everywhere, and it This is a city, an aggregation of all manner of artifi- a copy of which was published in yoar issue of the may be as fine a cotton country for several degreeslaunched info '.•"*.^^wWdoeth s *Cbere«wasias they decha itfc capewea l&zlett ernbr,, broke the ned gle, while the -writhed in ecu permitted to h examined andGOMMiis-fa.-.daJboexT.s.si, uHis Lordship—You are not asked at present to dis- close anything stated to von in the confessional; you are asked a simple fact—from whom did you receive that watch which you gave to the policeman ?jwardedthe followingKstofthepassengers,&c,who : were on board the HuBgariau;t C+irin P*—nttri J. B. WUaoo, Mr. sad MB. Burner, Jter. j Jaaaea Stewart, Mr*. Wood*, Mr. and Mr*. E. E m a , Allan Ca«a- J mnm, W,Jfc CrooXer,A W . Crocker, Mr. LeaHe, Mr.aadMf*. j Talbot, D r . n d M i t S-naofas©, Berry A B. Cortin, Mr. Wyatt, J My. Bofifeesfaooe* Mr. Bontem, Mr*. Delano and child. Dr. Bar-rett, «adO J. N*jih, officer in cbarje of in*il«.*" »^r«j«P«*t«i^ri-Ho*> JC'CeSTey, Abraham Tagg, Wm,j V«f>,J«toBlch»rd*«a,HanrTBichard«oa, T. Allen, Frederick• CUM, Jinc F. CbDd. Frederick Child, Boll Morrfeon, RichardS WUKkM Robert Mania, E. D; Bartletl. George Shank, George are bound to answer, if From whom did you receive since that note was written, and that at the end of that ) XeDermott, Joh» Dary, John Deian*y, Ww. Keriey, Wiffiam that watch?" On the ground I have stated to you, note the readiness of France iB expressed to listen to"Wrkbt, Mlcbaol Looey, Martin Downee; Francis Richardson, you are not asked to disclose anything that a penitent any modifications and combinations which might lead yt»» KBea Sh* eh*»,and Patrick McGnerm. tmayhave said to you in the confessional. That you to a less radical solution..frtic Baffthr Department—W. H. Hardte, 1st officer; Wm. aTe not asked to disclose; but you axe asked to die- It is the proposal of a new and less radical combina-'answer it. If i"answered it, my suspension for life Piedmont to pursue the road once chosen. By a curi- would be a necessary consequence. 1 should be-vio- ous coincidence, M. Thouvenel's note of the 31st ofburned down before the rains, and soon springs up place where a painter or a sculptor can display the re- gravers they preferred has been recently denied toagain of its own accord. The native has to be planted sult of his labors. Are not artists as much entitled to them by the Superintendent. every year in the highlands. The people prefer it, be-lating the laws of'the Church, as well as themtural Jaws. •January, proposing the same solution, appeared the same day in the papers, ad ling thus, as it were, the sanction of France lo the resolution of Piedmont. It must, however, be recollected tbat a month has passedHia Lordship—I have already told you plainly I cannot enter mio this question. All I can say is, youcause, they say, it makes the stronger .cloth. In well- the protection of the corporation as hucksters and porkI do not wonder at this dissatiefaction, for it is an innovation upon private rights quite new and startling- Under this ruling, every banking institution in tins*AU»n, 3d officer; Richard Porter, 2d officer; William Cain, 4th •ffiaer; M. FiekrtDj?, boatswain.; James Ba/ley. boatswain's mate; John Baflwy, M. M'Phenwn, A . Liddle, A . Phillips, J . Shannon, WuKam Qmnn, A M'Milian, Tbomay M'Lean, J. Croasthwaite, R. Lotos, David Jone*, Thorn** Carter, John Ramsden, George Beefey, John Bennett, M. GoKsatly, M Donald/ Edwards, Wil- Sama, Ciere, Watt, Greenaway, Merrimsn, P . Mitchell, A Boyd, W. Graddock, Gilbert, Jormston, Chorley, M'Cnlloch, JohnBiiee, seanM>v;Ne)aon, Wakva, ordinary seamen; Maxwell, boy. Rns>oei?aDepsataneiit—W. Stewart, latenghwer; JohnM'Kean, 3d enchteect A. Smith, 3i engineer; John Clark, 4th engineer,; Hns> MOaam. 9th engineer; Isaac Wekh, John Calderwood, B»f> Rnsnpn, BL Lowe, J. Meoney, J. Boyle, W . Holme*,Peter Hanion, Henry French, John Jonea, John Fox, Richard MIlaDey, Archibald M Call, John Jones, John HamQ, William Welsh, Alexander Wataan, Rich. M'Donald, Thomas Shaw, WBKam Flanniean, T. Jameraon, Thomaa BRcMe, James AlHson, Rebert Rdwasds, firemen. Victualing Depaxtmentr—C. M'Donald, l«t stewaMl; J. M'Kinnon, second steward; Richard Thorns*, John Madden, George Edwards, Alexander Wapshaw, Edward Lenaon, Robert Dewar, James Rhode*, Hugh M'Gregor, Thomas Bannahj Ktewarda; Francis Dovonxe and George Searisbrook, Cooks, WBHam Preaton, Bakera;' Jamee GUtina, batcher; J. Longgrfl, John Bmman, Thomaa Kennedy, James Kenard, RdurazdVM'Msan. Angn»ta« Caino, WflHam Howarth, Robert Steranson, Pates M"Crea, stewards; Edward Murphy, WilliamThe retrorn from the Liverpool emigration agent •constitute an Italian nation, with the concurrence of all oilier country, while they are, at the same time, more,*' They are all anxious to trade. The women were But people-vrill be poets and painters, and many morebusiness requisites, equally competent to do the work,cloj-e from whom yon received stolen' property on the tion of this Kind which has thrown lately acloud over 25th of December latt. Do you answer it, or do you the political sky of Italy; the traces of it are visibleoften up all night grinding their corn to seD to us. One people think it a good thing to do so, too. Let those and perhaps more so. Whatever may be urged invillage we passed without halting. The inhabitants behalf of this concentration of patronage, on the followed us, calling upon our guide to return with who doubt the great public want of which we have ground of the superior stability of a company sus-not?"Witness—I really cannot, my lord.His Lordship—Then I adjudge you to be guilty ofin the dark passage of ihe Emperors speech, where it is said that he counseled the King of Sardinia to re- spond favorably to the wishes of tue provinces which have offered themselves to him, but to maintain themade mention, set ont in pursuit of the products of an artist's studio and they will discover how hopeless thetained by compulsory patronage, the damage to the community cor sequent upon it is manifest. The great source of protection against counterfeits is to be found in the superior workmanship and safeguards elicited by• •--•-- \vho are constantly making j ^"^udy^anTwn^Sve' an interest in producing altthe improvements possible in this direction. Of couxBe it is plain that if one company has the monopoly of the business, and is safe against the competition of rivals, there ie an end to all incentive to advancement ia this: particular, and a premium is thus offered to indolence? and extortion.Under the impulse of competition, our bank note en- grawis' have reached a high order of excellence in this branch of the arts, and European banks prefer die workmanship of our artiste, and send their orders for bank notes to this country in preference to employing French or English engravers, notwithstanding the ad- mitted superiority of the latter in other departments^ of the art. It seems by the compilation of tables rehiring to banking, that the circulation of notes in the United States is over $180,000,000, and it is a matter of no small moment that this immense sum of representative value should be as well guarded as bossible against the inroads of counterfeiters. It will probably be a long time before we can find a substitute for our bank: note circulation, and it becomes our bounden duly to make it as safe and ellVctive for the purpose or. ita creation as possible. Gold coin, if Indeed it can be kept in the country to any extent, is little used for cir- culation, and it is found to posseesno greater immunity against the counterfeiter than bank notes; spuriomf coins being quite as common as counterfeit bank notes and more difficult of detection.Whatever may be the objection of the Superinten- dent of the Banking Department to the admission of other Companies to compete with the present monopo-lizing association, and we are informed, that he makes the danger of over issues of notes by irresponsible Companies a chief objection—but what assurance of . avoiding euch an improbable fraud as this is fornished by one Company more than another does not appear— he virtually becomes the advocate and supporter-of a monopoly, and a monopoly loo well calculated to create infinite mischief, by gradually, if not speedily, tempt- ing those who enjoy it to produce poor work, and exact- ing higher prices for it. Tbe depresting effect upon those engaged in the avocatioa ot engravers,and those dependent upon this branch of that a*t for their sup-,Sort, must be apparent; and t he inauguration, at mis en- ghtened period of the world of a, monopoly in a call-' ingjsp extensively followed as the one we are treating? of, is as unnatural almost as the revival of the slave- I trade. ; Monopolies are generally supposed to be mon- j strositics of the past, and abominations unknown to- / this age.of freedom and intelligence; but here is one of 1, contempt of Court, and order you to be committed tojail. [To the officer of the Court]—Take him into jiutononjy of Tuscany and to respect in principle thethem to trade. As a last argument, they shouted, 'Are ' we to have it said that white people came to our 4 country and we did not see thenar ." They are by no means teetotalers. Large quan-tities of beer are manufactured by them, and they areas fond of it as our countrymen are of whisky. Thechief of a village almost always presented us with alarge pot of beer. We passed a village one day, andsaw alarge party of men sittitg smoking in the publicsquare, who did not seem at all communicative. Afterresting a little under a tree, a short distance from them,they sent us a calabash of beer, to see if we werefriends, which was to be manifested by our partakingof it. ' We saw mapy partially intoxicated people,tippy chiefs, and even members of the learned profes-sions get ' a little elevated at times.' A native doctor,with his cupping-horn hanging round his neck, whohad evidently been making some deep potations, cameout and scolded us severely: *• Is tais the way to enter' a man's village, "without sending word that you are of a great number and variety of newspaper com- 'coining?' Entering abut, he came out staggeringunder alarge pot of beer, which he presented to us. Perhaps his patientB only pay him with beer. I wish we had a few hundred go,i>d, industrious Scotch fami- lies on these fertile highlands. Instead of, as at home, toiling fora bare subsistence, here they could cultivate, largely, sugar and cotton, ccc, benefit the natives byi!rights of the Holy See.Although people might have been prepared for some-thing unpleasant, this dark passage baa caused wry After hearing the other witnesses, in the case, the faces. ''What does it mean'/" everyone aeks him- J u r y returned a verdict of " Guilty'" against the pris- -self. The sanguine see in it simply an ad minietrative oner, but recommended him to mercy. He was sen- autonomy for Tuscany,-and a species of feudal vassal-age of the Komagna towards the Pope. The more mistrustful apprehend the reopening of the old game, which every one hoped was concluded.The decree eummonirg Tuscany to give, on the 11th and 12th inst., a plebiscite, by universal suffrage and P ARIS, March 5.—The Moiiiteur announces that by ballot, for the annexation, or for a separate king- yesterday the Minister of the United Suites presented dom, teems to indicate that the latter are right. It is a bis leltre* dc crtance. thunderbolt from a clear sky, unexpected and dazzling. The Conslitutionncl publishes an article signed bv Universal suffrage and vote* by ballot are, aa I have its chief editor, M. Grandguillot, explaining the French repeatedly said, in bad odor in Italy, and not unjustly so. The popular movement in Italy, like all really national movements, is carried oa by the most intelli-custody.The reverend witnees was accordingly removed inbe obtained to our artists' studios, oven by those who know where to find them, and as the annual exhibition of the National Academy is open but a short time and can admit but a limited number of pictures, there must be a vast quantity painted that are never seen by any but their owners. -custody of a policeman.tenced to six months imprisonment, with hard labor. • FRANCE. '—An exquisitely beautiful picture has just been fin- ished by Mr. Eastman Johnson, exquisite in color and treatment, intended, we believe, for publication, being a portrait of the little slave girl Pink, whose purchase by the people of Plymouth Church hasformedthe subject— — • —In mentioning the solution proposed in the message;I ^f Ml Thouvenel, 31. Grandguillot says: " If ki is not agent and wealthy classes of the country, while',the mass of the lowi r classes, as more or less everywhere jiett, steward*; T. 8. Gredn storekeeper; DT. Fcrgunon; T. possess in Tuscany an ally who will aid her to over- else, takes little active interest in politics, being per- Bohortaoa»inxner; Mia*Cenghtrie, stewardess; Jones, steward. come the opposition of Naples and jBxime, in order to haps more behind in education proportionally than in anyBiooclwgeeefcaq jWtttooa Proscott. Richard Jones. Joseph Mar-^S—ar-d»i^n-ian so-l»u-t*iso—n, Ji*t Jis an rIt.a«liia«n« o^i«ie. Sardinia will Amake known the exact reply of Sardinia" in referenceupon to act.In the midst of this political uncertainty and gun-• T H E T E A TRADK. March .1—The deliveries in Lon- don estimated for the week were 834 849 115, which is an increase of 20,542 lb compared with the provIouM statement. '' -era to realize -*meck the upx ;" •*?'?>• ••"he past form•he control of that there wasI operators, w^hi«nf .prices. Tl,-. .freely absoibev: ^-nave^beeh expMT. Byng said if it was the opinion of the Housethat the exact terms of his motion should be previouslybefore it. he would postpone the motion until Thursday. TTRTV, March 6.—Chevalier Buoncompagni has re- gain with freeh vigor. Almost all the electoral asso-The folJo wing is from The Times /city article) ofMarch 7: Although the discuMsion of last evening, on the Savoy not yet had an opportunity of doing anything toward rec- used in counterfeiting other notes; but this is really a i|AUSTRIA.• re busy in coming to some understanding about their ist of candidates. You hear of noshing but electoral meetings and candidates; every one is full of them.having been steady throughout the day at 94V«>94i for money, a perfect knowledge of their duty, and have laid down ready established the power to u-ie its material* foe and 9lV«>945fox the 11th April. work ordered from it, would be more likely to precipi-In the Foreign market there has been more activity, the outlines of a system which can hardly fail to have tate such a use of its implements, than the granting itthe nomination of Extraordinary Councilors, selected'from 8mongpersong of known ability, and by the nom- individual agitation. In vain would you seek for ination of d/Ordinary Councilors, chosen from a list spontaneous candidates addressing electors or canvass- to be presented by the Provincial Diets. ing votes. Such a step would be the surest means tolian gold ship Commodore Perry has advanced to 20 ^ cent.At a meeting of the Great Ship Company a resolu- tion to raise £100,COO additional capital, in J~i ^ cont preference shercs of J£l each, redeemable in two years, at 20 ^ cent pre-mium, was carried.the errors and dreadful misapplication of the means at ^already petitioned the Legislature to pass the bill,company with the fugitive sovereigns. The people avenged old and new insults by forgiveness thanks totions of health will bo attended to which might opposemen held in this city a few days since, haveI suppose, to the remarks I then made, that " w e wished nothing to do with Socialist schemes," are cal- culated to give a wrong impression.the application of this mode of chastisement; 3, that Daniel Kennedy of a silver watch, at Jarrow, on the order, discipline and constancy,the peoples show them- the measure, in question is not temporary, as the statoreference,WSliam Hay, 22, pitman, waa chargedwith robbing 25th ef December last.•Mr. Headbun prosecuted; Mr. Davison the prisoner.at the same time capable not only of repelling the mer- cenaries raised by the pretenders in vile purlieus, but also of dispersing them. The respect due to a benevo- lent power and the practical appreciation of the gene-effect the substitution in Venetia of military authority for the jurisdiction of the ordinary tribunals.defended On the 24th of December the prosecutor had beenMy remark was based upon the opinion that the meet*ing was called for the purpose of assisting the shoe-makersofLynningainingthatwhichithsevidentthey spondedwithhimsincehisimprisonmentinthistown*^m JRailri Rive )• Harle^ijMicJselves worthy of living free. An army was organized of siege naturally is, and that it equally has for itsI think it would be advisable to place these observa- tions before the Minister of Foreign Affairs, leaving andkrftabout12o'clockatnight. Onhisway home, ralpoliticalsituationcounseledforbearanceintheface tohimthetaskofdeducingthonecessaryconsequeucesdrmkmg at the BecVwing pubUciouse. in the FeWng,the ground being very slippery he fell down, and was of calumnious hypocrisy and rash provocations.She is a lady of much intelligence and beauty.A brother of Hazlott, who resides in Armstrong County, Penn., also arrived a few days ago, aud w w present with his brother until vosterday morning. He advice or debating political questions, "Socialist advised Ha/.lett to nmko a full confession of his con- nection with the Brown party, and counseled him toasttstedto his Aetftr tie y>risoner and three other Europe became convinced that the fallen govern- men. Tney walked a, short distance together, bat the ments had no other basis than foreign force, that with- p * o « c c r r ^ ^ l m g t h e prujonor'B hand in his pocket, out foreign force they could be neither restored nor «Whimtetake,ttom%whwhhe did. The menthen sustained, that the restorations would give rise to con- endeavored to get the proeecntor to sco a Ions wav tinual and profound disturbances, and that againstof this state of tilings iu Venetia, Accept, &c.MOROCCO.C. CAVOUR.desire—increased wages.That (and I think I am right, too) was tho object ofmay be, the King and his Government are resolved to months to reach the head of the lake. ,propesition8c" Annexation to the constitutional monarchy of theKing, Victor EmanueHI." or " a separate kingdom."Inhabitants of the ^Ivmilia I You have the full andsel , -and in-the name of that sovereign God who is the Lord pf kings and peoples, in the uprightness of his conscience, and in the plenitude of hia freedom, let him choose which ever of the two sides he shall deem most U80M to his country."When your vote shall have been duly recorded my teak will be accomplished, and I shall joyfully lay down the power confided to me by you. You gave me a distinct and! clear mandate; Lacoepted it with faith in God's justice, in our right, in your virtue.; I.havegalley, which Abounded by two rdngea of lofty bills; rious charitable societies, giving ten thousand dollars to and is from 10 to 12 miles wide at thtf lake, and from20 to 30 below the cataract's. East of the cataracts are the Society for ameliorating tbecondition of tbe Jews,noJdis were pertinent, and that, while it was proper to make the raising of money for the strikers the main business of the met ting, it was competent also to mdi* cate that the true and lasting remedy for the evils under, wbich the shoemakert'swffcrwas sometbdng quite otbet than unearned contributions—-was cooperation among tlcmselves to produce shoes, and direct dealing withClarke Guai Guards, Capt W/Cbambe/t^$stm^f'^mzCampbcl; Co and Letcher I . At 10 minrjt appearance oraadBottsGre walk«dtotbe ascended the t levretfb^Stev indifference t>J and neither gs was spent in a neckqof tbe a taking an afl'fci jai^guwd, aft<Mir.AN, March 2. The elections are fixed for the 25th iust., and Parlia- ment is convoked for the 2d of April. One can scarcely overrate the .importance of these two facts, whichforeign and the native. The former is of good staple ply. We have'an abundance of spacious markets the agitation of the subject in the public joeraabs, ofits nationalities, and not an Italian Kingdom, absorbing under the influence of the clergy, a class which is not'everything without considering the essential dif- everywhere so devoted to national interests as-its tures at home. We have a healthy country, and, withfives: From Liverpool, crew, 80; cabin passengers, 99; steerage paeeengers, 40; from Queenntown, cabin p&Mengera, 15; steerage passengers, 40. Total, 205.GBEAT BRITAIN.In die House of Lords, March 5, the Duka "of New- eaetle stated the course her Majesty's Government intended to pursue with respect to a vote of the Housei» reference to a treaty of ennnaerce -with France. He mid ib*t >f the address should be brought up to-morrow from the Commons, the Government proposed to dis- ean itfaatheir Lordships' House on Friday; but If itWere br >nght up on Thursday, to postpone the di^cos- axm to Monday.After reading the Companies' bill a third time, and the Administration of Poison bill a second time, their Lordehrpe adjouroed.iirm the vote of annexation to Piedmont is fully be-In ti» House of Commons,. March 5, the report on lieved by the Government of that country. The Times sight of the epeeeh was, " Shall we have war or not 1"then: example, and furnish materials for our manufac-the Customs act was brought up, and agreed to with a Jew amendments.Oa proceeding to the other orders of the day, Lord PaJmeratoTl moved that they be postponed until after the notice of motion given by Mr. Byng for an address to her Majesty, on the subject of the commercial treaty with France.Mr. Lmdsay observed that the terms of that motion were not be/ore the House.Mr. Kmglake opposed the motion of Lord Palmer- stos, said called upon the House not to depart from the ordinary mode of proceeding.correspondent KIJs there has teen a complete stagna- tion in the mercantile world daring the past week. The Paris flour market was dull last week.P AKTS, March 6;—The Patrie asserts tbat the reply of Sardinia to the last dispatch of M. Thouvenel has arrived in Paris.The disposition is decidedly bellicose, and Italy is thonght a more agreeable garrison than some small town in France. If there is no war,- it is felt this Capua must be left, and the only alternative offered in the speech is a garrison at Cliambery, with plenty of white mice.There was no withdrawal of gold from the Bank onMonday.The Bombay telegram to-day announces the long-excellence. ThoEe who have known Irving in his lat- ter years, will immediately recognize in this interesting picture as nearly perfect a resemblance of Geoffry"Crayon as it is possible for the photographic art to pro- duce from so small a model as the daguerreotype from which this likeness was taken./ferences, the opposing interests, and the distrust of Europe.will not be exempted."The Cardinals and Prelates who are members of theSeDate have presented to the IIou.se petitions demand- ing *he maintenance of the temporal power of the Pope. The Bulletin des Lois pnWishes a decree opening:, on the estimates of 1859, an extraordinaiy credit of246,000 francs for the payment of the expenses of the tele-graphic service of the army of Italy. The correspond-ent of The Morning Post says official telegraphic dis-patches have reached Paris from all parts of Italy.The Emperor's speech had not been receive! verygreat majority is in Lombardy. Thus the fate of Tns-cany is to be specially committed to the insight andpenetration of the most ignorant part of the.population,whom it will be even difficult to teach what they areexpected to vote. Take any peasant in the world and any on the Zambesi. They would not, I think, molest the treatment of the subject elevates it into the re-The London Times Paris correspondent says: "There is a rnmor among military men that the soldiers now on leave are to rejoin their regiments asthe exception of 30 miles, over which a road can be constructed, water communication all the way to En- gland. The, natives are industrious, and somewhat in-examining a portfolio of poetry soon as possible. It is said that the Imperial Guard try to give him an idea of a separate kingdom., It is a emigrants. With good missionaries the most happy gion of ideal art.Fantini, in company with Cialdini, has gone to Cen- The King is said to have agreed to the solution pro- tral Italy. The second, as you remember, was spoken—It must be a great satisfaction to all who feel aninterest in the cause of art ia this country, to knowthat the Pine Art Commission for superintending anddirecting the work of ornamenting the National Cap-itol has fallen into such competent hands. They have bank-notes may, in the event of the failure of a Com-posed by France in reference to the Bomagna, but as regards the solution of ihe question of Tuscany, pro-posed by the Emperor, the reply of the King is said to of inspection on a field where he might be soon calledlistinct. The Patrie adds, " We are unable to be less qiebard case that ignorance should be appealed to for the best solution of a political question-But it is not so much the result of this plebiscite which renders people anxious, for it is expected to be favorable to the annexation; it is the apprehension of what else may follow after this first stroke.The Emperor's speech was expected with no less im-patience by the French army in Italy than by the Ital-ians themselves, and certainly the impression producedon the former was not much more satisfactory thanresults might be anticipated." Yours with much esteem," CHAILLES LIVINGSTONE.":FAIUNI.further to the north than we were. We went no far- cialities, and the only art it cannot foster is that of ag- 6th instant. We have been aware for some little,time ther than the foot of Lake Nyassa. Some cotton )iculture. The same amount of money bestowed upon that the several companies formerly engaged in the patches covered three acres, though for the most part business of engraving in this city were consolidated they did not exceed half an acre. Each family-seems to the city io be employed in building a hall where artists into one association, and that the Suj>eri».tendent of have its own cotton plantation; which ia carefally cul- could display their works, would be a boon indeed. the Banking Department had favored this consolida- tivated. They could raise almoet any.amount if they Yet this palpable need no one will condescend to sup- tion; but we were not aware until lately, by ob8e^ving, h ad a market for it. The cotton is of two kinds—the•that produced en these latter. The only question Exchange from tho Continent present a rather better appearance, Hamburg the rato is only 1£ prr cent, and at Frankfort 1•}.favorably. That the people of Central Italy will con- which was eagerly asked from those who got the first and at meet of the principal places money.is very abundant; at from it a life-sized colored portrait of most remarkableof as Lieutenant to the Minister of .War in .Qentral1taly. His journey, therefc re, is interpreted as a tour likely for.tho present to be limited.tbe most hideous form confronting us to-iay. t\ Another objection of tbe Superintendent is said to be . an apprehension tbat the materials used in engraving |Yours, RVFUSX UTSTKOLDS, . "The Shire' nowa'tbroMgh an,exceedinglvfertile are parceling out their property in small sums to va- i [We still think the remarks objected to by'Mr. Rey£•<•*•"5?la-Oba, would but contribute something toward the ulation. From the large number of old gray-hefided foundation of a building for the exposition of works of:'•;people we met, it would appear to be a fine healthycountry, well adapted for European constitutions. Tnemen are all armed with bows and arrows, er speara.yet they do not seem to be bloodthirsty. AH a general to smell sweet and blossom long after they had returned tbe shoe-wearmg public in the disposal of them.-~J5r<jL) thing they treated us with civilty. As was natural,they were at first somewhat suspicious, but as soon as to the dust from-which tboy bad originally aprunj. we told them what our object was, their suspicions But they don't aee it. They bequeath their money forBANK-NOTEENGRAVING.the most whimsical purposes, while so practical andcome to him before with as line a story as we had,.aud etrviceable an object aa the one we have mentioned is To tht Editor of Tlie N. Y. Tribune..after a few days jamped up, seized a number of his entirely overlooked. A good soul who had the kind- Sin: I notice by the frequent references to it in people, and carried them off as slaves. We suspectedthat he himself bad engaged in this business. The est intentions in the world, the other day left a legacy letters from Albany, and tbe announcement of numer-vanished. <)ne chief, however, said that parties hadand quality; the latter is.short in the staple, and feels where market gardeners can display their carrots and the wide-spread dissatisfation with the arrangement • fa and requires planting only once in tiiree years. It is can. offer their fatted calves for sale, but there is no hitherto unquestioned privilege of employing the en-Witnees—The reply to that question would implicatethe person who gave me the watch, therefore I cannot leave, at any rate, no doubt about the resolution of more like wool than cotton. The foreign is perennial, cabbagep, and public shambles in which our butchers which prevails among the banks themselves, whosonigh every village we saw men spinning cotton, while dealers'? Clearly our city fathers think they are not,others were wcaving it into strong cloth, in looms ofa very simple construction. Both spinning and weav- and if they were to express an opinion on the subject, State ia forced to employ but the»one company, not--3/XXHJ. S. 5s, IS .• <*S»W0Teauesse*i-.fltAl/Onovr. S£,000 '~';do.«..v. 6.0C0 do. SjCCOr d o . . . . -r W&i ia...... OCOVirginia St,0eoC&i5orni*i } CO& BtotiUyn C009 Hu3. B- 2.1 000 Hudton EOCOGaL&Ciik 9C«DoLLaci.«1st mtge..... i > Phtnix Sank.' H«nov«r feax ' )Com Excbai .3Aw. Bx. Bar 408 PtdficM.su-250 Brooklyn Cit;5,000 Virginia Si 1,000 Mfa*ouri 8 6,000- c"o>.....ing are very tedious processes.it would be like that of the first of the four Georges, withstanding there are others formed under the " if heebies will be boots and bainders let em sdarve." laws of the State, with large capital, and abundantgenious. The have better houses and implements thanIt is a portrait, but—In alluding to the reported discovery of a photo- graph of Washington Irving, we expressed a doubt of there being any such thing, as 'the friends of Irving knew nothing of it, and his refusal to eat for his da-10.000 ,10,000,10,000 "••2.0C0 California 7,000 Tenn«M«e 6,000 Erie KK. I''• 500 UMnoia Ce .ZfltJODtLl.Sc? 'ISBonkftateK14 Bank of Cocw84 D«L, Lack, k -13 Kecono-ATen SOPbCifieM-St. ... do...... . do.....••: d*:..... S io...... -- do.....*'-'-V*io/...-r.• - ' ' d o . . . . . .50 Canton Coma «»V< '• do.ICON. Y;Cenwal , -.'j.-fc! '.:.... .,.. t•'' fi$K*fe «£*•"j Tje'^togrJ •but fecmewhat mlfibnon the psFINANCIAL AND COMMERCIAL.Tlce Times (City Article) of March 6, says: The guerreotype was well known. But it seems that he didpublication of the dispatch of tho French Foreign Minister on the affairs of Italy, although the general tenor of it« contents waspievionejy known, caunod the English funds to open this morn- ing -with mnch heaviness and a farther decline. The quotations ofonce sit, two yews ago, to the camera, and though it was snpposed the daguerreotype had been destroyed, it has been recovered by Mr. Brady, who has producedpected response to the buoyant prices of Indian securities onexpected; The advance tince the previous mail has been on the this side,opened thia morning at a fractional Improvement, which hasnd provincial elections have revived to new Hie, and been maintained to the close. Consols, left off yesterday at 94£-, tendent, but by their admirable Report they have shown would seem tbat the withholding from a Company al-»Mr. S. Fitzgerald urged this subject with great ear- VIENNA, March 5.—The official Wiener Zeititng The subject has been so eagerly taken up that it has frnn P»xia was 6"?f 95c., showing a fractional rise. In the for- an important influence in all governmental attempts at the power to employ them in executing the orders for^reforms sanctioned by the Emperor: which is almost incredible iu such :in in:eresting mo- <; The Council of ihe Empire will be augmented by ment. . '" The -37 Ordinary Councilors will be reelected not being elected. It woeld pasa for personal ambition,every six years. which is, with a certain affectation, excluded from this" The Council of the Empire will examine the budget, electioneering movement. All are supposed to actcontrol laws relating to financial matters, laws of. gen- from patriotism, and without any consideration foreral interest, pro'ects for the formation of the Provin- themselves. The initiative comes entirely from thecial Diets,an1all questions submitted to its delibera- electoral a&sosiations. Of programmes there is but tion by the Emperor. Until the convocation of the little trace, except certain vague expressions which doProvincialDiets,theEmperorwillcompletetheCoun- notmuchoilier from each other. Theonlypoiut onHamburg were slightly lower. i its* being the work of Mr. Brown, the Chairman of the It appears that the Banks of the State have with one The aggregate Australian gold known to be at sea voice condemned the couise of the Superintendent in for England is £830,tff 0. The rate of insurance on the Austra- Commission. While clearly and forcibly pointing to this matter, and more than two-thirds of them havei...:.••••• • :-••«3id not take* pirjjtocks cioee hi C^witfrconeiders ,lfe©ivtiieft&t,.op< ;?5, ai-which hSkHbaiwiilp row, whenA curious feature in this movement is the absence oflassea unaltered. Saltpeter, flat Tallow <).uiet at 60/ on the spot;Sunn AY, March 4.—On the occasion of the anniver- THE AUSTRIAN TYRANNY IN VENETIA. t»5/9 for tho month, bpirits of Turpentine 37/®37/6 for Ameri- was instituted in New-York but three years since, hissary of the promulgation of the Sardinian Constitution, The Opinione of Turin publishes in French the fol- manifestations were made by the Piedmontese party in lowing circular by Count Cavour on Count Von Bis- the Italian Theater. A demonstration also took place eengen's circular to the Venetian delegations:in the French Theater, where the population of Nice To Ute Kimjt Legation* at Pans, Lo-ndon, J5crW»*, and St. Pe-can.' Scotch Pig Iron £9/3@59/C ^ tun.THE STATEN ISLAND FERRIES.been adopted In Boston, Philadelphia and Baltimore, and we leam that something of the kind is to be at- tempted in Brooklyn. An artists' "Reception" is to be held, we understand/ this evening, at Dod-demanded the " Ode Napolicnne, and the " HeineHortetueJ' which werei performed amid enthusiasticapplause, and shouts of ^VivaVImpcratort !" "VivaCAnnezzione !" The situation of the country is very . tention to the annexed document, which a journal of establish and regulate ferries between -the City ofcritical.ANNEXATION IN CENTRAL ITALY.The following is a translation of Farini's proclama-this city has just published. Some time ago Austria New-York and Staten Island:who have their studios there. Coleman and Eytinge have their rooms in the Dodworth Building in Mon- tague Place, opposite the Academy of Music. Proth- ingham lives near by, and Williamson, Hubbard, Gig-tion to the inhabitants Emili&:of the deputies. "We aught to act in such a way, if .the national will remains constant to its determinations, that the deputies of these provinces may be able to beZurich under the dominion of Austria.The document that I have the honor of transmittingtions on the WairowB, as they may consider conducive to the public convenience. -..'...cils in the city of churches.t —It is a good sign for our landscape painters thatto you will edify the Government of respecting legally elected and received into the National Parlia- the real causes of the profound discontent and constantment. It was a great benefit for Italy when the mag- nanimous Emperor of the French descended with his heroic troops to maintain, as the ally of the King, the war of independence.agitation prevailiag^ in Venetia. By this circular to the imperial and royal Austrian delegations in Venetia, Count Bissingen subjects to forced enrollment in com- pagnics dc discipline, a mode of punishment which nothan they have done hitherto. One of the closest stu-From The Cfiarlestoum Spirit of Jefferson, March lt>. Another, and it is hoped to be the final, act in theHarper'e-Ferrv tragedy, has been enacted, and Aaron D. Stevens and AlbertHazlctt have been sent to " that bourne from which no traveler returneth." Although it is known that at least four of the Brown party yet remain unwhipped of justice, still the desire fa that no more blood be shed, and that the reniaining wretches bepenritted to wander through the world with the sting of a guilty conscience, and scorned by all honest men, rather than our county shall be made the theater of another season of excitement.The near approach of the day of execution seemed to have little effect on the prisoners, and for the past few days they were unusually cheerful—Stevens de- claring it was his wish to.be free, and therefore desired the day for his execution to arrive. Mrs. Pearce, the Bister of Stevens, was with him up to yesterday morn- ing, and made a fine imprettfrion on all with whom ahe was thrown by her laoy-like deportment and conduct. On Thursday a Mi*s Dunbar of Ohio arrived in town. It is'said she was engaged to be married to Stevens at the time of the Harper's Ferry invasion, and hoa corre-Lord Jfarray, at a cost of £6,000, on a spur of theCaet'e Hill, Edinburgh, has given way owing to the The benefit was no less great when he secured and civilized nation has inserted in its codes, which wehappy to find, has turned his attention to the sea coast, and has produced a picture giving good promise of the great things he may accomplish hereafter.sjefecthre foundation, and become a mass of ruins.BOVBAT, Feb. 1L--The 31st Foot Begiment willestablished, after the victories, the principle of non- intervention. Thus, to our advantage, his memorable words were realized that Italy was to be for. thesearch for in vain in the Austrian codo, and which is nearly equivalent to convict labor, all the individuals who by their antecedents, sometime s, or conduct, maySKC. 4. The new lessees to be entitled to have appraised and to take the forry landings of the former lessees, whether such appraisals be demanded or not by the former lessees.8KC. 5. The Commissioners of the Sinking Fund may appropri- ate &rStatcu Island fen.}- landings so much of each side of the Baitory front as they may think proper, with the right to erect suitable piers, and to give proper access to the same; the im- provements made to be subject to appraisal agalnBt new lessees.Gr.n.C authorises leseeos to take, on the Stateu> Island shore, by virtue o? the eminent domain, through commissioners to bo ap- pointed by tbe Supremo Court, whatever property the Commts- Mionws ot the Sinking Fund may determine to be necessary for forry pnrpoBCs. Tho amount bl the a3se»8ed valno of the foe is to bo paid by tbo lease tothe Clork of Richmond County, foraccount of tbe owner of the property. Thereupon, tho fee is to be vested in the Supervisor of the town in which the property is situated and his successors in oilicn, in trust for the to»vn butto.bealways devoted to the purposes of a ferry. The lessee is to erect such ferry accommodations as the Commissioners of the Sinking Fund may direct; and, at the end of his lease, io entitled to have snoh improvementsappraisedagauiat the new lessee, but tho new lessee is to rotund the capital paid for tho fee, without interest, but with a deduction for depreciation which may have token place in tho improvements (if any) existing upon the property at tbe time of its acaui*ition; and so, in like manner, through allubtequent renewals.SK<\ 1 provides for notice to unknown owners of property au-vavity, withe, proved nnd< g that G ilroac Aid b:embark; in the JKari of Clare on the 15th February.The 3 Hegiment of Native Infantry is expected Italians. In moments of uncertainty, firm in you faith appear capable of making 'attempts hostile to the Aus-mtersburg.Mir.A>7, Feb. 20,1860. MoNSlEtm I.E MINISTRY: I hasten to direct your at-The- following is an accurate synopsis of an. act to worth's lTall, in Montague Place. There are a good many artists who live in Brooklyn, and a fewgave a contradiction, though her official journals, to the rumor that the state\pf siege had been proclaimed in Venetia. At the same time the King's Government was accused of fostering disturbance by its emissariesSECTION 1 empowers the Commissioners of the Sinking Fund Citypoi thttThe King has convoked the colleges for the election among the Italian populations left by the. Treaty of Sailors'Snug Harbor on the Kills and the Oovennncnt fortlttca- noux, Falconer and Huntington, all have their domi-chemes," or other matters, I for one should have been them the public conscience revolted in such a manner MARCH 3.—-Gen. Echague has commenced a for to Staten 1gland shall be wholly subject to the control and regu- greatly pleased to listen to tho discussion.abandon all hope of a reprieve er •commutation of • \ punishment- ' , , , , . „ ., acll. After havfag left the prisoner and the other men tbat every man of honor would /eel himself justified in ward movement from Serailo, but it is not known in lations of the Commidriionoru of tho Sinking i'urjd as to character he jwroeeeaed onhis way home. When he had « » » resorting to desperate acts. what direction. i>c. of boats, termini of ferries, hours and frequency of trips, po-lice management, &c.; additional boats shall be put on when re-But could wc reasonably—haying o?ic object in view—wander off in an entirely different direction, mislead-Yesterday morning the table was set in the passage for the criminals to eat, and seated around were the two men who, in a few hours, were to be launched into eternity," a sister, and a betrothed of one, aadtbe brother of the other. A solemn feast, and one which wamciuhik'ly enjoyed by but'twc—the condemned.After the breakfast had b*en partaken of, tho twendff of the criminals bade them a long farewell and took a carriage for Harper's Ferry, where they remained untiltho bodies of the executed reached that place.At Jl o'clock tlie field on which the scaffold WMahort dietanse, he was jomed by a man named But while in Italy it was proclaimed that annexa- Maishal O'Donnell has sent to Madrid, the «'annon quired by Commissioners, and boats determined by them' to be ing those that were present, and allowing those thatM'Gormand, who struck him a blow on the eye with tion was the sole enfeacious mode of satisfying the peo- taken at Tetuan. unsuitable are to bo wlthdiawn. wore not to form all sorts of opinions as to what reallvVis» stick ox " morgan rattier" without the least provoca- ples and securing tranquillity, elsewhere there was ap-SKC. 9. Rulcsandr*gnlationsare to be made by tho Commis- sioucrs, and revised every three months. The ferries are to be regulated upon the ptinciple that after full remuneration and se- em ity to the lessees, tho balance of tho income is to be devoted to promote tbe public comfort and oouvenleuoe. The Superin- tendent to enforce an observance or the regulations established by tho Commissioners, is to bo appointed, and his salary Qxed bywas the object of the meeting? Using the language "I did, I simply wished to oall the attention of the speaker from thatwhich did not concern us to that which did.The L ynn shoemakers know what they want, andwe wished to find out whether we could or could nottien. The prisoner Hay then jomed M'Gormaml, and kept bold of the prosecutor's hands while the" other roboedhim of bis watch and 15s. in silver.parently the belief tbat this end could be bettor attain- ed by organizing a separa-te kingdom, consisting of all the tree provinces, or of a part of them; and it wasAFEICA.CathoiSo priest, from whom he received a watch, ing firmly on a spirit of universal moderation, that it from Dr. Livingstone's brother, Mr. Charles Living- oftonor if required, a return, under oath, of the receipts und dis- Permit me to assure you that no persou would bewhich the prosecutor identified as his property. would be both a prudent and liberal measure to con- The ate* of the Court was about to administer the sult again, more largly and solemnly, the nationalA'' ••'.. «&: •Inspector Bogers, by whom the prisoner was appre- thonght that after the cessation of the prejadices^in hended, stated that from mformation he received he the. midst of whica the assemblies had deliberated, the went to tic house of the Rev. John Kelly, a RomanDR. LIVINGSTONES EXPEDITION.The following very interesting communication hasjjgtothe-Rcv.JohnKelly,thenextwitnessinthe •j**, when tke reverend gentleman said, " May I, my"KONGONE,MonthofZambesi,Dec.1,1859. We who think that authority is only legitimately Shiro to its source hi the great lake Nyassa. The riverestablishedbyCommi«soners. youradvice,andactenoughlikementocurryit out; astilllargernumber,however,remitiningm;townto&li&:&> '« i»'-WhatfiWsVey«uto«ay1. • -•..'•• ••• .'.''.' .•...-them, but ha is to be paid out of the ferry receipts; an<l the les- aesiattbem; and that alone Bhould have claimed our principle of non-intervention being secored; order rest- just been received by Mr. William Logan of Glasgow, sees are to give to tho Commissioners, every three months or attention-LONDON PRODUCE AND PROVISION MARKET, MarchSKO. 2. Renewals of leases for like periods to be made at pub-lic auction; the notice to specify the terms and conditions oflease, the property in detail which the now lessee will be com- they are giving more attention to marine subjects pelled to take at *m,appraiaal, and tbe actual current regulationsestablished by the Commissioners for the running of the ferry.EXECUTIONOF STEIENS LETT.ANDHAZ~Sue. 3. Th<* loBsees to give timely specification to Commis-Biouorn of the property which they claim to be subject to ap-praisal; this cluiiu to be investigated by Commissioners, and among our landscape artists, Mr. Sbattuck, we arc their decision to be final; and the new lessees to be |>ound totake and pay for su^h property at on appraisal to be made byCommiisionera to bo appointed by the Supreme Court.thorlHt d in last section to be taken for ferry purposes.SEC. S Provides that the lessees, of all present and future ferriespursuit will be.It ia only by accident that access canhis command made by the kite Superintendent of the Capitol Extension, the Report indulges in no severity of expression, but shows the necessity of utterly ex-which simply requires that the Superintendent shall give psrmission to engrave bank-notes to such Compa- nies or Corporations wLhin this State aa shall forniab: the indorsement of fifty or more Banks in the State aaAmerican Securities unaltered.LIVERPOOL COTTON MARKET, March 5 and G.—The tinguishing all the coBtly tranipery which has been to tueir fitness and capacity to do the work. A bill sobusiness transected in Cotton for the two days has been unusu- ally small, and the sales barely reach 9,000 bales—2,000 on specu- lation and for export. 'Prices without change.foisted upon our great national structure, and beginning manifestly just and reasonable ought not to meet with opposition, and we wonder that so sagacious and as-Thewas n c»nd, understeadilytoi<; Panama was! Shears-to bo af&rnshares ^mough the*some heavine Boards lowe: ^Established, 1\ Jome cf the le ri|eet.^nccf;,aoaret being *4,7£ Bock. tat' >£' 'divide: yithout found* 3L,eider the <Ja,lena opene< *Smfr*I, wliicl<*$. T oledo id after bainjs improved beme is undt bt, which is<H\tJuly. Tha the West 0-voderate dividdc novo on a radically different system. It should be piring a man as the Superintendent should be willing LONDON CORN MARKET, March 5.—The market was remembejed, to the credit of President Buchanan, that to throw his influence against it, which it appears he•v .dulltatetbc rates ol last week.LIVERPOOL CORN AND BREADSTUFFS MARKET. thegentlemencomposingthis-Boardwereofhisselec- isdoing..6-—Tea heavy. Sugar firm. Coffee inactive. Itioefirni. Mo- cial neighbors; the plan of artists "Receptions" whichquest, but at rather lower prices, Calatz and Odessa buing, in some cases, sold at £8/6 #• 4fl0 115.dents and most conscientious interpreters of natureTHE LYNNTo the-'Editor'of The X. Y. Tribune.STRIKE.1 0|.-*•••I *u> •jthe meeting.. Had wenoeh called upon for the purpose of otteringGoarunte 'T^gpj'-lHinoia* «ad Chicago ledo Railroad Eailroad, Ctj«> i6ti«10S^ on-'.•1^8-4..^tj^^eigbts—! g g f i l f c e e ba'bursements, of tbe terry. *.BKC. 10. Ferry lease maybe revoked for wilful violation of rules more gratified than 1 if the shoemakers would take erected-.was occupied by a large number of «peotators,j . Island cot to: Ji^lMd^tallow: «f^^feeseat4Usw|Uasoilcaks; |&; 100 bb* \ tans tonii«*u Toash*a at b««ir>«8t«OD6 •"Mf DEAR FRIEND: We have explored the river SKC' 11. In oos.es of.unforeseen interruptions of ferrv curvice but of their capacity to act intelligently for their bene- accompany the sad procession. Col. Joan l. wMoudo do...do*....' www.fultoaBa***aaMtfBaBaaiag<illillljinhg•.••iiiMMwiiiMimvt^iistoray.com 