 ««teriB«ing jx n »Wtelras agi-oftoo prefix ft*^*» drifcren*b e"twelve par,,V J-"'-,.,..NEW-YORKSA TURDA Y ,NOYEMBER24,I860.90view tihiig^papers ta^ that diaaa- varioae eeti- Thus Thefor Komc of them to pause, and see if there h not•ws that roads opened, streams bridged, churches and free «friends of all sections to respond to this eaM, and to take- The laws of tlie United Slates, like the laws of tho always secure'a mai'ket. W e do not believe it—but if immediate steps to insure a full representation.rate aeries of the country, a*?on these re, oftheyear'g below" jtgg>Od samples while pota- For beast*«ff to these ' "generally •interior and '*scarceand x have snf- f^Jureof the n plowed ine cattle. The ously estiraa-rHpaperssay tons they do«. VriTJfant sky rr. rv. and --n- rrnmn Wheat r*ry Sivdtwurd trse-«mple« of» .-h improv©- h»-"?» ha* b*-en aunties h*v© i'sports v*ry ircr oorUrrmp- , and rents tohah to aiarkot. kn some tirao fa*; v>r»r own ''•. if *ve uiko thi» w« tuu»t wild low mrJt .*>- •*p»p*«rt »t taking into oTi*A<jQ<ijDe»» <»£. '-.. ^, o lii i'o-raordinnry sli may happen ; • only fit for*r>ce i* rather W, in eonse- Tfte Baitioc- •',«•! >eno9; important the Frencix i home, theor»« »ff*c*« of *, »fter a few »n* wonder*. possible oon- tfr the yieid. rule in M>:n<»Je.T Will i,~>k jich is >•*- are- "ttaryiot ii« ev«ir» y tz:::y "b^atf*, r*y of li^htaeon, un- tbe usual any CJUV s-e lot of f the beip- rnerits of fssedj and a Williameroaa&rijghe eteaia- •fni public of a »ta- a travel-nseqnence x>r teams insryest pros- •r..with bisrm-wts oa quantities c- uatries.averted. j Journal meof; the ihe! abo- 5« <-%ving'*:•* occa- H'":.'ij t a e > a *otaa ait i other *. .ri ?<«xi* .he ua- b.«r,*c>«vor.ice of the0*p<ex»di3ge s.Jl«r of<• •*••?•?* l y•f •'i.'rizii' •' 1.. *- .".•:*•. ifB"" 0^***I)l * :- • b»V©f :!«re«t.«• 4^3&unt lelow a a*• KTSOC© r^ :.::;.ent "not aatUc Isotrj*w^v^rrer b<- riAk of a.'. i:\tr [Wkfe o«!y ect of t/;«f'.-r our-vfdryfw-* •*"- f«wir, !l>-r jcov«». te.r.y. :baov Avrne ••" >pean '\ iwetion, . i •!•, a d re?taken >l tLore r.•'.: ;8COfarmers ;i**- ade- £ The ?er -he d a lack Galifor- tadsticarecord. , . .theicA-Another farmer, M. F. Gates, writing from Musca- purposes at low rates. '.. tine County, in the same State, says:*'w"*hfavorableweattw, onrlater h»nre»t apTOjrrwlllgrftp FROMernment has its own judiciary and enforces its own Cuba. Will tLe North pei-mit us to trade with the constitutional laws without the aid and in spite Of any Republic of the Gulf when,they forbid it to the " Gem attenij.ted let or hindrance from the other. Such at of the Antilles ?"least is the true theory of our institutions. Thus neither as an " independent planet in an orbitDecs not the foregoing statement of incontestible of. her own," nor yet as -'an orderly star" in the by Gmtavus W. Siuith, Chairman, and. Philip W. facts show the unsoundness and absurdity of the doc- Northern constellation, is there any safety for. Vir- Engs, Philip Trotter, and Stephen P; Russell,.members trine of secession ? ; ginia. Her destiny, oi«lered and directed by Heaven,:0 ' >'J0.»i*e» jor -;•• •» utyUx a. fox- «V«*o«nthis" disposition the army, navy, and militia of the or at least a dry spot, in an open exposure, stretch a United-States. It proposed that.levying war against.f Ci^o- • Such!Kf'iv tO s won-« .,.i r-hOWll- • •Iiside, leaving a strip of the green loaves in the centeruncovered. This gives ventilation, and prevents too whose laws, passed in the exercise of those powers, firmly that neither the folly nor the treason of any re-and to be. in this great crists of the South, brought toa climax by the success of the Black Republican partyin tluyjecent Presidential Election; desire to meet thethreawned dangers in such manner as the honor andinterest and safety of this State, and of the South,,f?yi«SJ.630 6,sae 61 ')>'««:<72*r> z.»j,MlQ•-*•!1 «»«•^ r<^> - L l li11j, 4ipacked perpendicularly in the trench or drain, just t-ent of tho Legislatures or Conventions of three- using;the expression—we shall hot be dragged-—but wefourths of the States. unhesitatingly 'reiterate our former remark that Vir-f"«,yS3K?a.»KMJ*8 a t wrapid rip< ning. This may be done tho first of Decem- should be beyond the. reach-of all State authority..creant .man can separate their destiny. As evidence of how intimate are the commercial relations existing be- tween Virginia and the South, we submit the following«^»ber, and by the middle the whole may be covered sixNine States did consent to do the same thing; the con-mmrruxik."r ue,. i>J8-•f'iiud F.-na- v.-^i-iH• *<oij /•'States. Each government, however, has a distinct relate to. foreign nations, and a few relating to interiorson. J. J. Waggoner, Samuel C. Kobiuson, James Dunlop, Thoo- consultation' by the people of this State, preparatory to doric Robertson, John E. Wadsworth, and Richard O. Haskins. the election ol delegates^ soon to be ordered by therithe Haytiun Bureau Of Kmigration will sail from Bos- Each Government, acting irithin its own sphere,TMton on the 22d of December next—the anniversary of foreign'and separated by oceans, and it one mfnnges the sale of negroes causes suspension of specie payment common, not to say universal heretofore in tho ordi-• •it*after the excitement of secession has subsided, and things taken their regular course, the proceedings of a South Carolina Assembly will excite no more goncral interest than those of a Canadian or West Indht Legis-and"ptfst»irf-e. are* growing as r ipidly us in the Spring. profit results, if a full crop is obtained every tM«3 year.thc StatLETTER FROM -GENEBAL-.XANE. is a compact between the sovereign i>oople' of ersch. State .; with the sovereign people " of everyVirginia, and to keep this. State an intermediate bar tier between Northern fatiati. ism and their slave prop- erty." It would ho impo>i«.iblo to cut up any considerable nhare of Correspondence of The 3Sf.-Y. Tribune. . -Onr lats* fi*ld» of ootn. W«, hi»«k our corn on the hill.In another paper special attention will be paid to the must be in the Union as it was framed by our fathers; . argumentsbywhichthesecessionistsattemptto'main- or,ifthatbedenied'bytheNorth;thenintheSouthern....l"3Jo5tttusbxd 563.S74 tuns, which, if our memory is not amiss, is moreT otal" Thus It will be seen that the production of sugar this yearjml^ r the inhabitants along ha borders have almost totally " ^ 1 •sm neglected to cultivate the soil; but the primipal rea- son i« that nine-tenth« of the pvopie are engaged iu the coasting trade, mo«t of them oeing cmployeu in carry-and victim ofone of1the departure of President Gefl'rard from Port-au- onlhbrneontetititle rights.of the other, the remedies, of all the banks of Virginia, what will be the condition nary action of parties, how much more necessary and Convention by the nomination, of delegates committed1Prince, to begin the Xfevolution, whioh .terminated, inof the Sfate when tho Gulf States in a.Southern Con- important mu.-;- it he in'utfeVtHee to subjects involving( 1Ij j•••, ing wood from Virginia to New-York, or coal from port, Jiicbmond and Alexandria' to Eaiiern portw. ICvvry family bas a garden in which in raised tiie ordi- nary vegetables in Hufficient quantiticn for itn own use, hnt no attempt ba«« been ctadi- to produce more than was required for home consumption; while we have brought to the shore $400,000 worth of corn, flour, and pork annually. ' Theee could and ought to be produced here for we have good lands of eveiy vajaety of s*>il, and 'nnusnal facilities for getting fertilizers, there be- ing marl beds at the head of the bay; creek mud, which has been fonr.d to have the same crfect as marl, and can be obtained much cheaper; oyater and clam sheUn (eawdly converted into liuie) in great abundance; bb« k muscles, king crabs, and a species of iish calledBankir>» which frequent our bay and are taken in i a r t e numbers. All the»e have Been tried successfully bv a few, but the mass of our population aie otherwise encaged. As a proof of what can be .done, I will state whatfcas been done on a small scale, i?rom one acre of jm>und have been gathered ol potatoes 3(10 bush.; corn, 75; rye, 20; wheat, 35; clover and timothy, 2punishable as Congress might direct. Finally, it pro- understand.perfectly the allusion of the " Eeview" ih dug-'up, the earth well shaken from the roots, and posed modes of amending the Constitution, by the as-tUUrt. , • . .601.913 '1,127,348.750'neglected, and then-manure over the whole surface, as •than double, the quantity ever produced in Louisiana to any any one of experience knows that the feeding-ground year (1853, we believe, wa» the larsrest crop, 'i. e.. 26!>,360 tuns), for the roots is not confined to six inches on each sidethen in existence.To assert that they failed in their object, and ex- about to be plunged. -the uomber of plantations to' Louisiana this fMT being 1,308; orK less than in Cuba. The production of «•>Vaautions in "59and *60, calculating the weisbt of boxes at 43Sj| WtM each, audthe hhds. at 1,200, i,330, 1,4.'M>, and l,5e«, w » • % to the ditfer- in the rows. The culture of the crop by the ' flat' sys- ent sections of the country, is e-timated to haw* W"rttwill and pleasure of each individual State, is to im- " wrath of man shall praise hhn, and the remainder, of with those'who are Disuniohists and Secessionists per they would not attempt. We believe that Mr. Keitt peach the wisdom of the whole generation of Revolu- ".wrath he wiirrestrain." If we are true to the st—persons wjio are only too willing to avail them would, if he fov.id, pull down the national templespirit of-the gospel which teaches peace and love, and selves of a pretext to destroy ,this " unhallowed about his head, even if he was sure that it would tionary statesmen and render further argument un- break every hone in his body. But h;u» Mr. Keitt, ornecoseary. But more effectually to refute the modern if we supplicate the interposition of the wisdom aix! Union." Nor, have we any regrets for the demise ofclaim to a right of secession in each State, we propose power which alone can meet the present emergency, that .corrupt .party whose misrule has been prolific of any of bis, particular oratorical and political school, to show that-the statesmen of 1787-8-y did not fail in we shall not be disappointed. Human passions will be' evil, and that now (we mean those of them who were the courage to be obscure ? Have they ever reilectca1859. 1S60.tVr. D«pt. j.i3i,w:«i>x-. •or, 157h)id*. I,3)(),:i3«bx(i. 337,041 bhds. this is continued at intervals of ten or twelve daysE. I>«yt.. i»:.-:t;(ii,).d-.Total..J.339.C58bx».355,617hbd». 1,315,^2bxa,413,050hbd*. >« Jfw^'usJoiiUt^ the PSC*"»Win weight thw year at th« rat* of 425 n» por box, tb« Jru* w n l : will appear to bo oqnal to 153,600feox«« mor« thiii year than the last."The amount of land on the&e%36*5 eMtates not used for cane ia no leas thitn 1,289,650 acres.FROM OCEAN COUNTY, N. J.Correapondeooo of Thy N. Y. Tribune.throughout the season to keep down the weeds and stir tl e ground. A man and horse can cultivate four acres per day, or something near 1^0,000 roots, which, by the trench system,' would require all to be hoed by hand, involving at least twenty times the amount, of manual labor.".their object, and actually gave to their country a Con- Stilulion which contains within itself the m^ans of per- petuating its own existence.How aid they go to work to effect that object 7They changed the Confederation into an effective Government, giving-it the means of carrying on its operations without the aid and- in spite of the inter-controlled; the schemes of ambition, even the rancor identified with the fortunes of Mr. Yancy), acting upon en the narrowness of the theater upon which they willthe establishment of the Bepublic of Hayti. A large d.wiive for years, Wit it is OT>JJ wirfmi s gort p e ^ number of passengers have been engaged.a time and a season vviiea ermuent, and erecting another* especially wItea there men;should etaud ehouidcito shoulder like a baud ofries. 'Pberehuve ^ ^ ^ S ^ S S ^ S / S S ^ ^ that^ attenUon has been paid to artificial beds: these.ever, diner in this: The State Constitutions are com- their limits? If Virginia makes, not a common destinyUntitled Documentcontest at once, excited, at%—-r *•—.'s*w mmii^S^^m^*•?•'.' '**•there were very few crops which exceeded 30 busheis of Winter it JIS he found' it four veai-s ago. 1 protost againstivbeat to the aero. W e were gciieiully d;jappoi:::ed at the ro-•»k on throning. The Spring wheat perhaps never .added bot- the .hungry and purchasable organs of the Ad minis tory and carry their property with them—that ho morelese the Norti era Stales, bytpeedy action, not only re- peal their laws nullifying the Fugitive Slave law, but also take such action as will assure the States of the South of their safety in the present Union.From The Lynchburg Virginian, 22d.In the present troubled condition of public affairs, and in viow of the menacing attitude of some of our, ter. *if as wolt, in Western .New-York: the account*, 1 received • -from aU quarters were really surprLiin-.trut ion slighting such a President. W h y not give him aa opportnriity to make a peace offering to the South ? lie has tendered them many very acceptable one's, and no doubt knows exactly what will meet their case at this.time. If "Uncle Jeemes" should fail, why then" The Spring barley did mnch he::er in this part of the Statethan it has done for several years, som,. farianr* getting a* hi^h s*40 bnshcls per acre. Kut v«ry little of thai grain is -own now inthi» **~Miou, a» a worm in the ioiut of '*..- - ;,v.i- lia, ^.-jie.;i:: ,niiited the crop. '"Winter bariey naa yielded enormo-.isiy. I havo "; Uncle Abe" might With more' propriety bo called lo-a'd of "JO bushels per acre from e" hold of ten ucrsa. and from upon to tiate the truth. But there will be no neces- that down to 53 bushels, but beyond that none less. Our oat sity of Mr. Lincoln's snying anything if our worthy crop was the best 1 «.ver saw, nrxl so it wa% nlJ over Westernsection of this Union against the other; as to tho re-ciprocal taunts and defiant recriminations which at sister Southern States, toward the Federal Union, it is1;a.!'"',Kevr-YoTk. Owing to -o many f»mier» hkvii& abandoned the •President will make a clean breast of it, and hint tolis organs io do likewise, and tell the truth not only for the present good of the.eonutry, but for their own future good in the long1'hereafter. The President might at the same time, if he felt disponed, let us know of the destination of the 100,0(30 stand of arms whichthis moment are exasperating these pid feitds; and as to the duty incumbent upon all who are,.the disciples of Him whose mission, whoce character^;;whose ex-a matter of the lirbt importance that Virginia should take a correct position.If she—though a greater sufferer than her far South-era neighbors, irom the unjust legislation of the North,culture of Sprhii; barley, an iminetise acrnago of oatsU'»Hgrowfi, hnt we had very miuy weatbor d'ltuig the oat harveat,wMcli l««*tt»d tho crop materially, beside iojuT&ng the quality.Still, them i* enoo^rh and to spare. The potato t-.rr.p hiu rottedbadly on our clay soil*. Wo Ought to have abandoned their cul-ture lou« a^j*. at ln*Mt the crop for Winter n»e. Tho com crop iifair, but still there v*ill '.•»• - .--.-at 4.-,i of soft corn. The tfum-- loft heie some ten days before election for the mild mfrT waa so cold 1. wa»* surprised it ever ripened. West of tiivample teach UBto love and to blessour enemies.„. ,,. • relative to the rendition oi fugitive slaves-^desires toOenesee Klver theCTop is a poor one; they aro lntrr than-w.», and besides, as there is little of their land tui^er-drained, the wet •easou hurt then cvru." r bnve many letters from everv State of the Ur.i->n. They all speak of good wheat crop*, especially of Spruig wheat, wrii the eT«:ptirin of VirgJxtla. Oeorgis, the CaroIInas] .•<',•• inm. Ken*atmosphere of the South.Washington i« already filling up rapidly.It is not as politicians, still less as sectiohaT^plitie^ iahs, that we address you. W e speak to you as breth- ren, and, as brethren, we beseech yoy at once to^put forth that vast influence which belongs to a body com- posed of more than one million communicants. We entreat you, by your love for the country and her noble institutions^ and by your loyalty to the Prince of Peace, that you strive together with us—by your prayers and your "active interposition—to allay these present asperi- ties, and to rescue all we hold most dear from the ruin to which it has for some time been drifting. , .W e are now assembled in the capital of this great Republic. W e Hve at that point which affords us a rlear view of the calamities now impending. W e are not alarmists, but we' cannot close our eyes to the gloomy prospects rising'before.the people of this laud. If we speak 'earnestly to you, believe us, there is a cause. The. imagination is filled w i t h horror—the heart of every patriot must be afflicted at the' act as a mediator between the extreme Souih and the North, she will have to look to it that she does not too far compromise herself in-advance.W e regard the vote of Virginia, as, to a great ex-tent, firing her status—showing that she is not nowprepared tb accept disunion. And yet there is littleroom to doubt that even-in, Virginia,- the idea of sepa-ration from the North is gaining ground, and the dis-. tocky. and Tennessee. The crop of Spring wheat iu our West-ern states i» very large, as also in Canada. * wa- in C•a^^a•.Lt•t^vosreekaofltist month, and uaa told that their 3p~ing wheat hadyielded from 30 to -U> bushels per acre. They all (seemed to agree of increase of. population has set our capitalists to that It was the best crop thev ever rained. The Wiuter wheat building, and our hotels are not slow in making im- v.»* a failure in -<-::.•• section.;, but iu others it had boon provement*. One of the most acceptable public insti- very good, and the quality also good, hut uu bettor, tutions which' has recently been established here", for than our Souie's wheat here, 'they know little or nothing the stranger asx well an the respectable citizens of about Medi*err«nr.tn whe/it- »nd »ow whi'e .wh-.iat only, Washington, is- the Union Club-House and .N'ews- J sent eou«iderabl« Mediterranean wheat tbere for sowingwith safety to the country, maintain a policy of " masterly inactivity?"If South Carolina alone occatimed difficulty, we would eay let her go, and let her stay; for she nas al- ways been a disturber of the peace, and we believe that wre should be better-wit-bout than with her.But the contagion of her example is spreading, and other StateB are liable to be, drawn into the maelstrom that threatens to engulf the Republic.What then should Virginia, the oldeBt, and once themost influential State of the Confederacy—sincerelywedded, as we believe she is, to our National Union,as it was framed by the fathers of tho liepublic, donow to cement and perpetuate it ? We confess to feel-ings of embarrassment, not claiming to be statesmenthis declaration of " exterminating war" don't "con- stitute any cause",for the secession of one of the States against whose "vital institution" it is to be wagedj affirm that despite the nullification of laws enacted in mcordance with the Constitution, and the viola- tion that instrument itseli by the Northern States, and despite the fact that the Constitution is to be perverted and used to " exterminate" Slavery, yet the " Union must and shall be. preserved;" declare that should the Slave States attempt to defend their " vital institution" (and being vital, one indispensable; to their existence) in any other way than Mr. LincoLa may deem a "lawful way," the Black Republican Administration ought to hang all participating in sueh attempt as traitors; and committing Grayson County " as far as in them lies" to the aid and supnort of Mr.•••actual extent of the Cuban sugar crop.(1f number of The Cvton Mesnenger, we learn that:and whenever the rights of any of them shall be in- fringed, or equality refused, a h a they And it. necessaryII um, gentlemen, With much respect, your obedient servant, JOSEl'Jd LAxN'E.AMOS KENDALL ON SECESSION.From The Washington Star, Noo.21..-iSECESSION No. III..How THE FEDERAL UNION' WAS. MAJIK ST-RONWKR BY1and to be very importunate With Him in whose hands* of national safety. A Convention thus constituted, side by tide in generous emulation, South Carolinaare the hearts of all men, who hath hitherto been so could make an authoritative,- earnest, and respectful fought in the very van of^ the battle, there is„one.tutional and unfriendly laws, or agree to such modifica-sufficiently considered, and which may well appal the" There are at present, or were to full operation during .the laat season. l.*>6 sugar estate* is this island, which produced, this Tear, 1,127,348.750 tb. equal to 563.6~4 tuna of sugar. Out of these,36.'*.plantations, there are 949 using steam power, 7 with water power, and 409 with ox power, the old or primitive style." The total extent of land planted with cane ou these planta- rioii« 1* t.91 911 aeres, while tno area on the estates used for other purpose*, via., cattle held*, fruit. ve;r.orjml« gardens, iic., com- prise >,2S9,6-JO acres, or neaOtly double tne quantity »*ed for C»M»,*• If the weight of each box of sugar ut put down at the average of 425 tb, net,lt will be seen that the whole production of the year is eonal to2.»»5a,5S0 boxes, which; at the prices that have ranged aince January, can be well e-timated at *17 per box. making the total value of the crop s&(4*,0W,86tt If to this we sdd the value of the ujolasse* and rims produced on our sugar estates, it will swell the amount to a verr larsre extent.to grow celery, yet ilt is not a difficult matter; and it is an excellent vegetable, not ouly us a sort of condiment, like pickle, cole-slaw, & c , but it is nourishing as food. And every farmer's wife who has a taste for setting a bandsOme table, either for her own family or when she has company, will always be glad to have a hand- some dish of celery as a table ornament, if it was not touched as food. Where there is a market for it, it is considered as good a paying crop as almost any one that can be grown with so little trouble aa this garden vegetable. Tin: Hprticidturisl says:keep them together, or that should attempt it.Prom a recentSeveral of theniembers are here, selecting their Winter quarters, notwithstanding the cry of disunion. Houses were never more sought after than- the present season. It i« generally believed that the rush of strangers here for il e next two years will be immense. This expectationunion sentiment is on the increase. Will it do, there-fore, for us to remain passive? Can we much longer,' a vital institution of another section;" maintain thatthis .Autumn. I sold something near t>00. t>u»be|ji for -..-•••.) Ji'o> m. it is situated on Thirteenth-street, near theafter bar' "st. some of itxoine to Alab;una. and to a great number Avenue, in a fine house, which was formerly the pri-Of other States. Seed wheat from t-hi* farm hail Seen pi -»ty woll vate residence of the Mayor. The whole of the front ol the Fugitive Slave law. Let them speedily take steps -very thought of the destruction of this glo- distributed over the liuited States during the last tour or five to correct these wrongs, and maintain good faith towardyearv One man write1' me from Southern Indiana that the and lower ."floor is devoted to a reading-room, where allBoole's wheat he got from me yielded 1torn V to ID bushels per of the principal papers ate to be kept on file. The up- r.ll the Stales, as was maintained in the early days ofacre more than any wheaf th*y h«tve. per floors are luxuiiotuly furnished, and ar« cut up into the.Republic. Thisisin their power, and in noother"way•Js»i'• lTorgot to «»y. in the proper place, that our hay crop in pa:lots and committee-rooms, where business men, can they avert dissolution; for no one, iu my opinion, in interminable warfare.. Yet this deplorable catastro-"Western -New-York is very K"°d. amino it i* Ui Canada. Onr strangers, and others having business' before either of who is at idl informed as to the framework of- our Gov- pastures are nowr, and have beeni ttrxnrituit tbrfiughont the »ea- ernmtnt^can conclude that the Federal Government has t>on. W e have bad u» frost to hurt the pasture* so far, but a the Departments,, may meet. I understand that the the constitutional power to use force against a State forconstant »•..•-• •-—!• •>• of rain, ruin! Much of our com Li sprouting proprietor is Mr. B. Donnelly, tho same who obtained resuming the powers which it delegated to the General in the shook, and that in the crib needs ovorhaalin^ to prevent some little, notoriety about a year ago in a correspond-phe now threatens us.The'prosperity, of our churches'of our missionaryoperations, .of all our Christian enterprises must be blighted unless these baneful strifes can be composed, and the fratricidal, suicidal conflicts now so .porteu- toubly menacing our country can be averted.enough to comprehend the whole policy that the pe-culiar circumstances by ' which we are surrounded, Lincoln, in tiny measure of coercion the Governmentmoulding, the weather is so warm atid damp." Bt4ar Geneva. Nov. 16.1860. JOHN JOHNSTON.ence with..Gov. Wise. This reminds me of a rumor" Government, when its rights have been infringed orthat it is tlife intention of the Governor to run for Con- equality refused; or, if the Government had the power, that it would be wise or prudent to use it. The Unionshould dictate. One of two things, however, appears to us to be necessary; either a mission, composed of two or more of the most prominent and able citizens ofNoW that our Southern brethren are breathingtbreats of secession, and casting a longing eye on you interrogate Mr. Donnelly as to the truth oi this force. It was a voluntary Union of sovereign States,Cuba, it may not be uninteresting to them to learn thedreadful disunion move of the erratic ex-Governor.CKLKKY.-—There are but few farmers who attempt and-shjijl derire to part, there is no power that canworld—the wisest as t?ne most simple, the distinguished as the mobt obscure—are all governed by a very differ ent temper. If. the various portions of our extended and .diversified population were but under the in- fluences of the gospel, there is, there could be no,ques- tion which would not be easily adjusted in forbear- ance and charity. But vainly do we look or hope for any such heavenly spirit, in the halls of Congress, in the State Legislatures, or among the people themselves. Everywhere we see too plainly, those passions Whence cOme wars and fightings among; us.by a Convention of all the Southern States called for the purpose; or the immediate call of a Convention of the people of Virginia after the assembling of the Legislature, for the purpose of determining our course of action.W e have repeatedly expressed the opinion that the election of Lincoln is not sufficient cause for a dissolu- tion of the Union; though it is a grievance, which, ta- ken together with, and interpreted by the -legislative action of those States North, that, have -nullified cer-tain provisions of the Constitution, is just cause for re-moiifctrance on our part. We, therefore, with all the,mate the people of Grayson County, nor any other county in the State.Have the Union-savers appointed traveling commit- tees to paw* from county to county, getting up theae meetings, managing them, preparing resolutions, & c t Are the Grayson County resolutions, drafted by men so eminent as Meeers. Wintersmith, Coffer, Allen & Co., a sample of thote to be adopted elsewhere ?From The Jiaitimore American., Tid.While <it is out of the. question for any one but a hopeleee imbecile or a reckless elandeser to question, the couragej and (in spite of the bombast of some of ber orators) the genuine chivalry of South Carolina,'• It i* worthy of notice, that the proportion of production tothe land under cultivation, is much smaller in the Western thanit is in the Eastern dep»rtmeDt--the latter yielding at the rale ornearly hve boxes to the acre, while the former is little over 3$box«-»; rJid yet the number of estates in the Kastern departmentis W » than one-third of those to the Western. ."This is a mat-ter worthy the attention of planters in this section of the island,as we believe it is a fact which has not hitherto been proven, and harrowed, and at once planted with Celery, if the should be "perpetual." although often alluded to. For the present we must limit ourfiicrres to the following:Denartnienta.Vv£t*rn* a ^ e « r . . .No. of Estates 1.055.300Acres of Cane. G41.6805^233.Am t Sugar, tn. • 1,022,«W,250 104.4G3.500gressof1787,.whichrecommendedtheConventionof . all on the surface of the ground. This is what is tech- gates, .the Convention itself, and the people of thenically termed the 'flat' system. Never manure spe-cially for Celery unless the crop preceding it has beenpossible, this cup of national grief and bitterness may p. BJaway, and ibis great people, through the mercy of"Nearly all the Celery sold in the New-York markets is grown as a second crop. The ground is first heavily manured in Spring for crops of early cabbages, beets or onions, vvhicn are wld oil usually by the first week in July. The ground is then cleared off, plowed,To the People of the South:.ground is moist enotigh to rccave.it. The Celery s plantedinrowsfourfeetapartforearly,andthreefeet foil the late crop—plants in each case six inches apart-"-^to be approaching, we beseech you, brethren, North, tutional provisions would not be impaired, and the honor of the Southern States would be satisfied. Weof the plants, but that they will meet in the center of four-feet rows'; hence the absurdity of manuring onlytem is very simple. In a week or so after planting, theground is" run through by the triangular hoe harrow;As peon as the Celery gets to be 15 or 18 inches high, ference of the States..OPINIONS OF THE SOUTHERN PKESS. ,anything short oi dishonor and abnolute degntdation, to lature. Inhtead of, being able, as now, to thunder an- nually upon tb« broad arena of Congress, and periodi-instead of the boe-lmmnv use a plow4o throw a slightfurrow to the Celery; then the "handling" or straight-ening-up process is Konc through with, and a heavier It contained the frame of a Government complete in itsFrom The Richmond Enquirer', 'i'td.furrow is then thrown against it. It is then allowed to remain eight or ten days to extend the hearts, whenLegislative, Executive and Judicial Departments.. It." Other gentlemen may have their tastes, but wehave ours. The projected martyrdom is entirely un- that have been too hasty in their action may be induced the destinies of the world, her orators and statesmen••S3'•, ••;.DAIL Y•TRIBUNE,Mseldom that either money or manure succeeds iu raising can be increased" almost indefinitely at an expense THE SECESSIONMOVEMENT. pacts between individuals for their own governme.nt* , with these States, a wise policy of self-defense on their jis so little time allowed for reflection, consultation anda single meion that-weighs 68j lb. ranging. from $iio to $200 per acre. Our innumerablecan 'he altered w nbolmuud by. tno citkoiiis of part wi II dictate the prevention of the sale of Virginia ; action.W e learn from a ilarriRhurg (l*iu) paper, that in thatvicnihjrwitb the r^etmi fine weather the Winter gniinOn consultation with friends, we take the libo-' V* name the timeand place, for the reason that there is no* time•.Apr mtercbange of views with distant parte of the State. ScJma is named as the place, because of ita centmlity, and ac<«w!ibiHty by railroad and rivor, fromTHE POSITION OF THE BAPTISTS. States, reach and bind every citizen, nign and low; this necessity should keep open the Cotton States, Our motto is: UNION or THE SOUTH FOR THH and while the United States cannot absolve any one would Northern fanaticism, when unchecked by the SAFETY OF THE SoOTH.cedar " swamp" streams irrigate hundreds of acres, which arc of httle value for other purposes. An acre of vines will yield 100 bushels of berries. A handsomewhich ( -t«5 while the Constitution of the United Stales "negroes in order to prevent the abolition, of Slavery m-Some of the farmers are becoming approhonsivb that Wiile so many are rushing to "the West for cheaptheir wheat will grow up too rank, and are turning in homes, encountering difficulties innumerable attendant J O 2 0 S -jK]EW3JAE.is € N XJQQB CJEISES. it/though it may bo altered in the manner prescribed Sttues of the Southern Confederacy will prevent any- various parte of the State. We earnestlyappeal to onrupou nettling-in a new .country, would it not be welltheir cattle to prevent it* too rapid growth.A^rrespondent in Winneshiek County, Iowa, writes plenty of ;com near at home, where laud is cheap,Bet we may be told that the demand for labor in fehe in its ow n provitioiis. .. such action on their part, that their necessities willschools established, New-York daily papers in circula- " j « " » <**??}..«^««la*lon and obaerradon ho ,conclude that tion, and a home market for all the grain and porkfhe Ci'ttntvoi \v«.m-??»;ekh«a mir«»dinlW^, •KK),HX? bu«bol»dfwhW^ •Thenw»hfy_t« nniv«nwny good, beit^ haryea'sd' and which cun be produced for years to como ? There are racked hi a dry condition. Cora. oata. and bariey are all heavy thousands of acres in Ocean County which can be pur- cr<j*. roteu*!* ano,«a root crop, axe g0 a d. Potatoes rotting chased at from $^' to §i0 per acre, owing to locationaiid'eoil, with plenty of cedar for fencing and buildingfrom Li« obligation to obey the State laws, HO neither political power of.the Southern States, permit a traffic, From The CharletUm Mercury, xVoe. 19.can the States absolve any one from his obligation' to which they designate as infatt.ous to be carried on, SOUTHERN CONFERENCE—TOO L A T K I - - W e see r» aLide by the. laws.of.the;United States. Each/Gov- cmt of.the CovJ'cderacy ? We*cannot sell negroes to stated in the papers, that, by the# I^exish^ure, which•A NATIVK.WASHINGTON.'Fjrom The Washington mointitution. z.\£2i '•£"?In reply to a communication addressed to Gen. Lanei ,•THE SOUTHERN MILITARY.LETTER FROM GENEEAL LANE.P*5of a Committee appointed by the Breckinridge__andwe believe, is summoned to meet in Janoary,,j£irgiaia will propose a meeting of the Southern States*in /"con- ference. This is the measure which South'"Carolina Oropoecd to Virginia last Winter. It was booted down, and rejected as a disunion measure. If it had been adopted, an Abohtiohist wduld not, in all probability, have been elected President of the United States, and the se'cticnalif-m of the North might have been alarmed, It was an exceedingly conservative proposition, which. Viiginia was unable to appreciate. The times haveMComhuskingha*inforroorHoaaoniiIwH-n.ofneceM^hy,Wiit- t*ri#r>rk; batthia year o»>r corn matured, and. wa* sound and 4ry enough to crih, wev«r»l w«o«'k<» earSier than imoal.Ri*» *»rg»> Yield, »t perfect onality, and will, if the weether Carolina, and possibly of one other State, is and has the Senator from Oregon has written the subjoined THE BAPTISTS IN THE UNITED STATES. the North, and evidenced the intimacy of her com- South will not answer. She is completely demoralizedoontinii'v. feYoraole. h*>»»feio orih before the clone of the pres- been chiefly confined .to our bar-rooms and places of ent month, it vrosfoliy matured and cribbin; had commencedbefore toe first killing frast. I xnow of one larae fioid shelled (hr public resort, whose frecjnenters are strangers •andFruniTku National Intelligencer. ' •mercial relations with that section, while the present in the estimation of the South; and no Southern State, crash comes from the South, as i t were to warn Vir-' intent on vindicating her rights and preserving her in-WASHINGTON,Nov. 14, 1860.tional party have determined that the people of the Southern States shall not go into the. 'common terri-form such Government as may suit them, and, whether Slave or Free, it is the duty of (Jongreso to admit them. And they are wrong in permitting to remain upon the statute-books laws obstructive of the faithful execution• The spirit oi Jesus is the spirit of peace, love, har-gress vin the Norfolk District next Spring. Suppose was no'/ formed by force, nor can it be maintained by mony. We need not tell you .that the men of this Virginia,' to, our sister States that contemplate seces-other State, acting through• conventions, which cannot be abolished without the toiifcetit of all the-parties toLane Club of tho City and County of New-York, ask- tain their modern doctrine. AMOS IUCKUALL. Confederacy. •The agitation in regard to the secession of South ing the General's views in regard to the present crisis, The •financial crisis of '57 came upon Virginia from now paired beyond it. Virginia may now call, but thaletter:bores ,pow«r) and shipjied in bulk in Oclober. It had every officeholders. The solid and substantial citizens of GKNTLEMKN: Yours of the 15th inst. is received. ation, held in the E street Baptist Church in this city, ginia that, intermediate as is her geographical position,WASHINGTON, D. C, NOV. 20,1850. *^Inere*andtoyieldperacre,thecropofpotatoesIsonuamdly WashingtonareUnionmenofthefirmeststamp-^iron, Theaddress embodyingtheviewsof theCommittee,AXa meeting of the Maryland Baptist Union Associ- it was' -. • '(sppr.araiu-* of b-ing olu com.Stitutiohs, would go into a conference with her. She her,influence must be that of a mediator between the has placed the Union above the rights and institutionsof the South, and will only seek a conference with the Southern States in order to bring them down to the level of her fatal Union policy. Virginia and the other frontier States may as well at once understand their position with the Cotton States. They are not expect- ed to aid the cotton States in protecting themselves and redeeming their liberties. They win practicallyand short-lived excitement, winch the outgoing politi-cians of the South have fanned into a light blaze, is equal in dignity, and equal in rights. This equality, Chairman. It was unanimously adopted by the Asso result—that their action has caused the present condi- j South an acquiescence in the rule of Abolitionists at>*»V»«. InMuscatineCounty,itntaitiianexttowheatandcornin notcalico. Indeed,thismaybesaidofthowholepop- whichyousaywasinclosed,hasnotreachedme.Value. W o tind market :or ;hc:n in the lower Mw*issipiri. Thepleasent Tndian Summer in ()ctohi;r was quite favorahio to no- ulation. The people of Washington, who, previous to With your request that I should make " such sug- South, in the present distracted condition of the nation, to "seek: people of Virginia, is almost upon the country. Seces-into '%£'ii.g, and the crop was »ecnred in ftnecondiMon—dry, and the election, were no doubt ten to one opposed to Mr. gestions as, in my judgment, would tend to preserve ree frotn dtrt or any imperfection. our institutions and our Government," I proceed briefly"Our work in October was interrupted but one-half day by Lincoln, or the Eepublican party, are now ten to one to comply.rain. Our first bard fro-t'lh 135-t was on October IS; in t«."•.>, in favor of sustaining his Administration. The wildthe thhigs that nutke for peace," and to exert their powerful ia* sion, which tan only be averted by the wisest counsels iluence as a Christian povple in behalf of -moderation, calmness,and the consideration of the unspeakably momentous subjects at and the most-temperate and considerate action, is al-issue, in a kind, Christian spirit.- * ieady the expressed desire of the majority of the peo- A Committee was accordingly appointed, which sub- ple in the Gull States. It is admitted by all VirginiansOet«4>er 1 i 18S6, September 20; 1857, Ootybor -'O: 185», Ootobor S; 1K50, October 39, end in I860. October 11—-a diiferenco of ouly three d&y* in the laat three yeara."Nothing is plainer than that ours is a Government]of limiieu powers—formed by States equal in sovereignty,mitted the subjoined excellent address, as drawn by its ihat the Northern- States have produced this unhappy ; aid tbe.Noitbern States in attempting to obtain in theOurWorthyfritmdJohnJohnston,"thoGretitTile'mainlyattributedbvtheconservativepeoplehereto inallrespectsandinallthings,mustbemain- eiation,together,withthefollowingresolution:I>rainer," comes to our crop column as a correspondent, the organs of Mr. Buchanan, who now, to get them- tained. Any act by the people, or by any branch or department of the Government, tending to impairical- coropaiif-.ons of our cotemporary, haying carried, Union, and construct a Union among themselves, and spondence has become burdensome in the'extreme. and again falsely charged him and the Eepublican When it may be said with truth that this equality has Wo, tho Maryland Baptist Union Asiiociatioti, assembled in his reaeonix.g to the stars, has rendered his sublunary will be glad to find Virgir.ii anu the other borderin tlie following letter on the crops of Western New- selves and their O. P . P . out of a dirty scrape, are this equality is a usurpation, and a destruction of that1'ork. The sturdy old Scotch farmer has now become (clamoring for Mr. Lincoln to come to their rolief, and equality is virtually a destruction of the Union. Have baptist pastor to read it to his congregation. 60 well known tliroughont the country, that his corre- give the lie direct to all withWhich they have again we not reached a point in the history ofour Government THE ADDRESS.party. '•/ .- .• Neverwasapropositionmoreplainlyput,noranissueHieletterisasfollows:4tI think Winter whect turned out aiuir average, although'! fully all the States possess"and enjoy equal rights and-privi- believe it has falk-n 25 ;>VT cent short of the jjrent csop.of 1R59. lie straightens himself tip, and declares to leges in,the common territory of our common country ? "V« have bad but two cr.opw to oxewd that in 3» years, and fow his friends that he has the power and By a majority almost fabulous, a Northern sec- to e<]ual it—at least aa far a* ray observation oxtpndn. Thj» yoar will to preserve thia Union, ana leave itStates* recognising property in slaves' (as did twelve of the thirteen original States) shall ever be admitted into the Union. Cith any man whose • mind is capable of discriminating between right and wrong say that this is just and right, and in accordance with the spirit or letter of the Constitution? Tome it appears plain that the equal rights under the Constitution of those States recognizing Slavery have been violated by their Northern neighbors in the verdict which they have rendered, 'to. the effect that the States, are not equal,- that the people of fifteen sovereign States shall not go to tno Territories with-their property, thai they are inferiors, and must submit not only to inequality, but degradation. Now, can the Union t)eheld together upon such terms ? If we would preserve the Union weMust maintain the. Con- stitution and the equality of the States, and be just and deal fairly by every portion of our country. In ntyjudg-- ment, the' Northern people are unjust and Unwise iu de- nying to the citizens of the Southern States-'the right to emigrate to and settle in the Territories with their slave property. They are wrong in holding that no more Slave States shall be admitted into the union, for it is clearly the right of the people of a Territory, when their population entitles them to admission into the union, toI have it from one who claims to be high in author- more directly made, than that upon which the people ity, that our'worthy PrcKident feels very much flightedTo Ttu Editor oj The IV. Y. Tribune." A word or two ae to crops i.) Western New-York. hy this seeming desertion of his hand-organ glanders. have lately, rendered their verdict. Shall thepeople of ried away captive, they were commanded by God toshould the much lamented necessity ever arise compel- wishes, let them keep alool\from us until they are ling a choke between New-York and Alabama, his predated to dissolve their connection with the present voice will be given for Anti-Slavery New-York or Pro- Union, and to unite their destiny with that of the Slavery Alabama? For ourselves, we are. for Ala- ot er Southern States. If tbey will not be our friends, bama, "and Vhgh.ia will be for and with Alabama—un-been seriously menaced, if not impaired or destroyed?Washington, on the fifteenth day of Noveuabor, lBtiO, sendgreeting: '. reflectionscfveryhttlevalue. Whenagainon terra Statesincounselwiththem,afterthisgreatreyolution.BELOVED BRETHREN: Even when Israel was car- firma, we should like to know in plain terms whether, But ii there value their own dignity, or respect onrResolved, ThataCommitteeboappointedtoprepareafraternal appeal to the Baptint« of the United .Slates, butli North andNorihandtheSouth. : ; • Disunion, undesired and against every wish of theResolved, That the address be published in -The True Union and that a copy be sent, to each Baptist paper iu the United States, with the request to publish tue samo, and to usk OQC'ition1c-fpublliicafflifaeirs...Withthesefactspattentttoevery Washington. TheSouthern'States,however,will intelligent mind, is Tfa: Charlottesville (Va.J Review •disregard their counsels. They want no conference doing either Virginia or the Union any service in at- btit in the Convention which will assemble to frame tempting to assume a neutral position between Ala- the Constitution, and complete the organization of a bama and New-York 1 We must confess the astronom- Southern Confederacy. They intend to secede from thepray for the peace of the land of their captivity and to reek to promote its welfare. " Seek the peace of "the city whither I have caused you to be carried away cap- tives, and pray unto the Lord for it; for in the peace thereof shall ye have peace." How much moreearncst- lv ought we to seek the peace of this our- own beloved but most distracted country! . . . •Whatever the discrepancies in our views as to othermatters, there can bebut one opinion as to the spirit ofpolitical hostility which has so long been arraying one,lHrious government, ' of the disruption of our_ na- tional ties, and the diemembermen't of such a union into States or Confederacies hating each other, and arrayedAt a period bi solemnity and excitement like this, when the foundations of society. are moved, when GOVERNMENT-INDEPENDENT OF THE STATES IN men's hearts are troubled, and the wisdom of the wisest-ITS N E W CONSTITUTION—IT EST ABLISHED.'.A THE EXERCISE OF ITS POWERS—WE LIVE IXNDKRis perplexed by omens of disaster, it surely becomesthose who lear the Lord to speak often one to another,lights before us, would be in favor of taking prelimi-nary steps for the assembling of a Convention of all while every one'knowe that in the Revolution, in theTWO. GOVERNMENTS, CLUSIVE POWERS.EACH HA VINGI T S OWNE X -the .Southern States, which should indicate to our last war with England, and in the late Mexican war,watchful a guardian over this nation, who knows how to bring increased order out of disorder, more abidingappeal to the Northern States -to repeal their unconsti- danger which we do not think her public men haveWe have shown in our first number that_ in 1778 theStates which had previously declared 'their independ-ence of the British Crown entered into a Federal peace out of the jarring- elements of discord. . * ' tions as might accommodate the prejudices of their sec- reives even of Mr. Keitt, who proposes, like the blindIn view .of the clouds now lowering in the sky, of tion ; While, at the same time, the eiliciency of Consti- the gloom hanging over us, and the storm which seemsSamson, to jsull down the pillars 01 the Federal temple, even if it involve all the^States in a common ruin. Have the secession orators, of South Carolina, who nowfiguresoprominentlyuponavastandconspicuousunion, solemnly stipulating w ith each other that', itWe have shown in our second numbar thut the Con-they run of never being heard of after the State of concilably opposed to immediate secession, or to separ- South Carolina has Beceded from tbe Union? WeSouth, East,West, thatourhearts,ourprayers,our confessfrankly,thatweseenootherhopeforthecoun-1789, the State.Legislatures which appointed the dele- aims, our, efforts may be combined, that so",it it be try. If is more'and more apparent every-day) that to theater, ever sufficiently considered the imminent riskthis complexion it must come at last. But, wo are irre-be to strengthen and perpetuate the "perpetual union" God, may bo saved'from the untold miseries into which,. ate State action, and think that the precipitancy with know that they could face the music of civilStates who ratified it, declared their leading object toThe Constitution, when it came from the hands ofthe Convention, was but a proposition to the States.. viile. (Va>) Review,, in The National Intelligence*';North and South, and trust that some plan, if our ownBAR>KOAT, Ocean County, N. J., Nov. 15.18*50.Now that the election i« over, and people have more the banking process is finished by the spade. This is the United States and in the Government thus formed. account. Slavery may be a strong bond of union volved upon them than thosethat now weigh upon us, bv the public men of the Union. And where will hortime to conwder other mat torx, I address you from a the practice with what is sold in September, October, It proposed to vest in Congress power.to miss all law/? between tobacco and cotton, but we do not feel al- and we slml! be unequal to the task before us if passion military and naval, aspirants find such a field as is now section of cbuntrj- which hau heretofore been known and November. That which is put away to preserve necessary and proper to carry the granted powers into together ready to sink tho tobacco for the welfare of and prejudice assume the place, of judgment and reason. open to them in the army and navy of tho Unitedonly, through the miareprefentationn' of others'. We eilect. It proposed that t-iese laws should be " the the cotton. Wo had rather be an independent for Winter une is done the same with in every rospect, supreme law of the. land," "'anything in the Constitu-States ? Here are some of* the evils of secession that The Hon. E. W. Barnwell of South Carolina, ia a might fill with dismay the fctoutest hearts.b&xv been condemned in a whol^wxlo manner for the except that it is not banked up by the spade nor tion or" laws of any State to the contrary notwith- planet; we want Virginia to have an orbit of her own. misdeeds of a few, with a» much justice an the innocentblanched in any way before being put away. away from Alabama, nor toward Alabama away .from Coniederaey, but takes occasion to say, that any pol- The curtain is now lifting upon the most momentousThe crop being all handled and straightened up, gress and of the State Legislature, and all Executive New-York. If any gravitation is to be done let it be icy based upon the expectation that South Carolina, by drama ever enacted by a eivilrzed people. The "is-and Judicial officers, both of the States and the United done toward her, or let the existing attractions main- sues of tbe day" are fraught with consequences to our- Baraegat, a thriving village with a population of 7W begin to put away what you want for use through De- States, should be sworn to support .the.Constitution'. • tain the present orbits. We believe the present rela- ber separate action, could force, other States to join in selves and our posterity, for good or for evil, that mayxnbabitants, is atuatcd on the cistern »hore of New- cember on tho first dry day after the 2oth of October It prescribed a special oath to the President of the the effort to establish this Confederacy, " would be in well lid the stoutest heart to pause and consider. In Jermsy, 18 uales aouth of TornM River, the county seat, United States, to the effect that he.would "faithfully tion 01 the various'States is the beat that can be de- the highest degree mischievous." We take occasioncountryman meeted out to the whole city, because he -wa* so unfortunate aa to lose his pur»e W ^he Crowd.and 80 miles south of New-York,-1 mile from Double (dates are of great importance for localities of the same execute the, office of the Fresident, and to the best of vised. If the system is disturbed, where each will fly to add, that tor one State, ""Sirginia will resist this ordinary times, and in the ordinary strifes of party, it:| II Ito no calculation can foresee. First one and. thenCreek, and 2 miles from Barne^at Bay, which ia 30 .temperature), and eo continue until you finish, which his ability preserve, protect' and defend the Constitu- w |Mv lumuiuivii i.an ivj cove. 1'iiov i/uw ai:u. i/u forcing process. S' "noUbe " hitched on," or £Q that, and there is nonitty be permit ted to the orators jof a party to decorate their speech' with the "flowers of rhetoric and figuresommilen long and 4 milrs wide. Thus i* ori&'.m tb«^ finest jnay be about the 15th of November; any later, in.our tion of the United States." It required him to " take another of these orderly stars will '•shoot madly frc ^dragged, in." Ifbay» for wild fowl, iish, clam» and oy«t-;rfc thut i» to be district, is dangerous for frost; earlier, the Celery willom- care that the laws be faithfully executed;" and to en- its sphere.' Confusion will be general—the ruin co;other alternative, sbown hands, under Pr"ate and independent govdegradation to remain in t.degradation to be-madetho Cotton States, which has shown no regard for her sans to sliu.interest, and does not care a fig for her counsels, at day" are toothis time, when it does not suit Disunion purposes. . precipitation. They concern not alone the professedFrom the Selma.ftJa.J Journal, Nov. IG. politkian who trima his sail to every breeze that pro? CALL FOR A ST A TE CONVENTION.—In compliance mises to waft him into office. They come home to the with a recommendation signed, by a large number of hearths and firesides of every citizen, however elev-citizens of .thifrplaco ai;d the surrounding country, ac- ated or Iwwever humble. ^Not a family circle in thia, companied by urgent solicitations of those who have broad land can e'scaj e the issue. The dearest and holi-greatly at heart the best interests of this State; and kft ties—the destinies of our wives and children, andfound on the.whole c-a«t from Mftino to Florida. It is whiten too quick, and rot. partly owing to the great privileges of tbia bay thatmon. Let us.say beforehand that we shall not be able him to perforin that duty, and to " preserve, pro- dragged. And if the attempt ia persisted iu, lether destinies in her by cloque:^ ^ ^^......jThe best.manner of preserving is to choose a sandy,Virginia, as an " independent planet" would never line, and dig a trench or drain 10 or 12 inches wide, and the United States by any of their citizens, or givjug complete one revolution in her orbit,;before the follyand establish a separ- and pafcr-.i 1""day and the hour demand, other and chivalrous people, jealous of ing under the sense of wrong, itory harangues of heated parti- 1 to action. The " issues of thatect and defend the Constitution," it proposed to put atSouth Carolina and let Alabama go their way, and Ave will go ours." . ' . ' . , • ;jkof her, Own. If it be on, it will -be doableCOUhtcl.lo their rights need not the'of the depth of the Cclety to be put away. It is then their enemies- aid and comfort, should be treason, other position would be the ruin of her people. Weand grave to be settled with blindfcightenough not to bruise the stems. No earth is putto*the roots; the damp soil of the trench gives moistureetiough. .Ton simply dig a trench" and pack it fall ol1Celery, and let it stand until thereIs danger of hard ment itself, that nine States should do the same thing,: independent position recommended to the State. We freezing; then throw strawy stable manure on each they consented and agreed to part with a portion of are prepared this morning to offer to our readers evi-their sovereign powers, or rather to put them iuto a dence of the fact that Virginia is hitched, and we thank common stock, and vest them in a common government, Heaven, forever hitched to the Southern States, soThe sovereign people of South Carolina, through be dragged into a common destiny with them, no mat-their Convention, acceded to this proposition in all itsparts. Upon the sole condition contained in the instru- signed by the remark to characterize the folly of thedition precedent was fulfilled; the Constitution becameor eight inches deep over the sides and top. It can be a compact between the ratifying States^ and since the resolution of tho Farmer's Bank of iiichmond, suspend-hould be made with tlie thoughtful solemnity which,drawn any time during Winter for use or market. The orgsimzaiion of-the new government in 1789, the people ing specie paymint: / .near contact of the stalks with the-manure while thus of the United States have been living under two gov-delegates from the various counties of this State, to meet at Sehnaon Wednesday, the 5th day of Decemberheir keeping.With a delegation chosen, not from politicians, but from the people---eboseh for their clearness of head and soundness of heart; for their tried patriotism a n d purity of character; for their cool judgment and com- prehensive intellect; for their material stake in tha welfare of the country and their moral worth; with- out regaid to previous.political affinities, and withoutstored does not aflect the Celery any more titan it does ernments-deriving their powers from the same source, At a meeting of the President and Directors'of-the Farmers' next, as representatives of all who favor the objects ofthat source being the sovereign people of the several Bank-of Virginia, this wth day of November, 1W0: preseut:"Wni.U. Maclaruuid, l'resideiit; Win. C. Allen, Jos. it. Ander- this call. The propriety and importance of a generalAvhile growing before it is taken up, nor any more thanit does potatoes or any other vegetable that we oat. ; class of powers, the United States ^possessing all thatAbout topping the plants when transplanting, a largo grower of Celery says: " I m o w off with tho scytheaffairs, in the tine exercise of which all the States have a common interest, while the States retain all powersJieootved, unammously, That in view of. the distrust whioh prevails, 0/ the tuapennon of the large money trade with the Suvlh, usual at this season, and of tho pressure of the law requir- ing the banks ol this city to redeem the circulation of theirGovernor for a consultation; whoseactiou w'ill be bindbag on the State, it seems to us must be obvious to alon a moment's reflection. It is important that thereThe fitciHties for getting to market will be greatly in " tome three inches of the tops of Celery planta twioe relating to domestic institutions, rights of person and brunches a law which bears with special severity on this bonk, should be unity and harmony as far as possible through a delegation with unanimity and concord, our first puhr^easedwithin a few years. Iu five years'time wo 2aahav<Ta railroad within eight miles of the shore, X w X W h of Ocerin County: this road will in- Je^°vdth tbfcamden and f S S v S S X ^ S K hiu th« two largest markets of the bmted »ta^« wunS V ^ w T o S s ^ f t h e shore. Within a fevv.yearjgnew businesshas grown up ^ S f i S ^ S f t S fair to ass.ime great importance-culti%a.wg crajabtrproperty—in line, all powers of legislation and govern- ment not granted to the United States in the Consti-" in the season before transphmting."EMIOKATIOW TO HAYTI.-—The first vessel sent by tution. .because of tho large number of her branches—specie payment bosued which will prepare for an early resumption. tation and interchange of views between leading nion awstit the result of their deliberations with calwuesafrom the summit of unexampled prosperity, they seemwar, and that as long as they can tamo like break up the Government without the shadow of a meteors in the eyes of an assembled universe, therewhich South Carolina is acting, is only calculated tochanging that union for one which exists only at the We serve Oi.e of whom it is dcclarad that "the hcjpe of ever reconstructing it. We have no sympathy is no deed of. the mott reckless dating whichof sectional strife, will all be made to work out pur- poses of infinite wisdom and love.K. -FULCEIt, • FitANKLTN WILSON, G. W . SAMPSON, THO. O. W AL TER.i'.gxue if South Carolina secede;? alone, or even if she rule in Hell than serve in Heaven"—are iaboriug to is joined by all the Gulf States ? In such an event.JAMES C. WELLING-,' Committee.destroy a Government whose honors and emoluments they can no longer monopolize. 'We want to save this Union, with all its hallowedmemories and countless benefits, and. would submit toginia, " hitched as she is to the Southern States, Willter what may be the desire of the people'." We de-tho principles of Milton's angel, who would " ratherWe find the following extract from Tile Charlottes- perpetuate it to the latest generation. cally,"by spurring up the secession hobby in their own W e have not yet lost all hope, of our countrymen Commonwealth, to draw all eyes'to the Falmetto State,proposed to the sovereign people of each State to acceptable. South Carolina and Alabama may be WD1 he confined to the contracted theater of a State divest themselves of certain-powers and vest them.in, to suspend for the present, and mutual accommodation••,•11. Ai turn—,-..•'•-.may adopot.These resolutions do not constitute^treaaon; but theyare evidence of disloyalty to the " vital institution" ofthe State, and of a spirit of submission unworthy of sion, urging them to await such action as can be had Kentuckians—evidence of a spirit that does not ani-Northern brethren the way of duty, and the only pathwhere the volunteers of the various States marchedbe not fet-cible, may bo devised, whereby those States and figure themselves in majestic state as arbiters ofvery dear, but we recoil from outire ruin on their secured. Never had men greater responsibilities de- Legblature, and be completely thrown into the shadeFrom The Alexandria (Va.) (iazctte, Nor. 21.standing:." It proposed that the members of Con- W e do not want her to gravitate toward New-lfork. published letter avows his wish to form a Southern From The Mobile Advertitcr, V&tluwho are anxioHsly desirous to bring, about union, har-children's childreH. are &us]>eiided upon the actiou oXmony and concert of action among our jvhole people; our people. We snail soon be" called upon to cast ourvotes for delegates to tbe Convention which lias been authorized by our State Legislature. The old party lines can divide us no more. But one feeling should now animate every heart. The selection of the dele- gates to represent •Mobilo county in this Conventiondemand, We feel authorized, not to say imperativelycalled on, to propose a Convention;to be composed o becomes the magnitude of the interests to be placed iathe trammels of pledgeB; in casting our vote for such, for the present suspended; and that a course of policy be pur- out the State, and this can only be obtained by consul- ic duty will be discharged with dignity, and we caaj. A. SMITH, Cashier. from all parts of the State, coming together as dele and confidence. ' ' If the temporary " suspension • of•the hurge moneys gatfcuj and .representing the views of their respective If, however, with hasty zeal and indiscretion an just as-independeutbf the other as if they were wholly trade with the South" which comes exclusively from sections. If this is proper, as we know it has been endeavor shall be made to forestall tbe action of theare only such-as'exist betweot! independent-nations.The Constitutions of the two Governments, how- f«' deracy forbid the sale, of negroes from Virginia within Bitel) questions as the pulling down of our present Govby previous pledges, the very intent of the Convention will he d'el'eatedr-dimensions wiUboj.-owu", and a partylet them not be our enemies, by unsolicited and undesir- ed efforts under whate^ er amiable pretext—-of preserv- ing an abolished Ui ion, to subject us to the sectional det-potitm of a consolidated government under the ccn- trol cf Abolitionists at Washington^ The .day for new' gnaiamies is gote. Henceforth we are two peoples.h rom The l,ou.ivtUe Courier, 'Zltt.MORE UNION SA VING.—The'"citizens of Grayson County " held a meeting at the, Coun-House in Litch- field, "on the loth inst., at which resolutions were paescd, delegates to a State Union-Saving Convention appointed, &c. The Committee that reported the resolutions adopted' at this assemblage of the " citizens of Grayson County," was composed of Charles G. Wintersmith of the'City of Louisville, Alfred Allen' of the County of Breckinridge, M. II. Cofer Of the Coun- ty of Hardin; one resident of Grayson County, and one gentleman of whose local habitation we know/ nothing 1 The resolutions express "regret" (MO stronger word) that sectional candidates were olected to the Presidency and Vice-Preridency at the recent election, and at the success of a political organization " whose main purpose is an exterminating war against*^V•T'*'1w-1 . 1• **•**!''• •••• ---'"*a..::".::">~1-••-•?•* tafcajstiThomas M. Tryniski 309 South 4th Street Fulton New York 13069_^-___^www.fultonhistory.coml^'* £• - 1 