 personsthemselvesWashington City,He can turn neither the Army nor Navy uponmayJLAWCourt Calendar—Foa Mondat.result.THB AMEBICAM BBTOI.CTION.as if from fullness of tiiought, combined with habits of prompt and decisive action. There are few handwritings which it would be mote difficultWII.I. ¥HB SOUTH anCEDK f ^1SlgalflcantSpeechesaadI,«|(er8—PlainTalkFK09I CANADA.Slow Trip* cfHie Oaaadiaa 8leaaMn-9Iorepublic. »«PP"sed to exalt toto the -Register's ^TREASON OF CHARLESnuoDd In command in theeTohition. By Giotoi H. Moaas, Librarian of the New-York HistoricalSoatharaers. ROBERTSON, OfW"Vislait'la*s?t'?ri^' oOcTw^^}'^•^"''OedYork:Ci4BuaScaiaaia,Monday,the30th ult., Hon.hearts, and with but who can preoare a de-purpose Uieyhadtoaskh^hto,^i^"*|ndwhst18B0. Twothe hope of;ofIon; perplexed the histoiians of the war of Ameri-:ment depends upon the question of chirography,at a BeU andshould ask the reasonthe Canadian Ocean Steamships, know as Allah andinterpretation ing;ico aud Spain.From the St, Louis Republican.Wasdinoton, Friday, Nov. 2, IcKiO.I rrprct (o say the alarm for the safety of the I'niiin is on the tocrease here, even among the cool-1503. Part //.- 1438, 1462, 53S, 570. 1804, 968, lOW, 1812. 1816,Nos.qnestionspeculiar difficultyspeechsome of the poslUons taken by Mr. Yahost, Judge RuBisTSos discussed at length the unconstitutionalityhave uppower to defend themselves—to pro-worldground that we have t)een out-voted in an election which we took the chances of in-YorkpaperswhyJames Schaunnessy,voting to U>e Etevento'DIstrictW th" ElereMhW^—ca^ Independence the Conway Caba! and4hesuccess, and a candidatewas discharged, on a demurrer raised his Eduokbtobs'b line, carrytog not only the Canadian but byJ>-<n«»;a»^ei',sin- gular conduct of Chablxs liii in the Jersies andhas been eieciea, wno, aowever wedidthe character of Wasm.vb- iU-tiraed attack upon "lOir, under the title of Some Queries politicalmajoritywhoseoffered to the consideration had originally appeared, and one of the four legatees to whtan be bequeathed hisTatler and Spectator, and betraying a leaning to mannerisms of Junius which we should naturally look for in one who was willing to be thought theaflect the commerce of the United States ? Could she by blocking her perts naralyze the of the Gen- eral Government to powerand'military, humbly of the public,"actually made,CVRED 8TATKS STOCKS HELD T* BI rkXABLI.;coln 1us, while we sit under the shield of the Constitotion. He can command no legislative powers to harass usLEE.M^or-General, American Army'of theto imitate in a document Litit's.otany length than Gen.the man, he but the servant of the peoDle, and clothed with powers only to doabaat the Ohaadleiw CloM.It was anbeoSiSed what ticket he^id S.that he hidSociety, 4c. New- No. 124 Grand-street.Mr. Strachxt's, though not equally well known, is enough so to leave no doubt aa to the genuine-powersresistance will be made with unitedFrua Our Own OorrespondaBt, QlUBSO, Tuesday, Nov. 6, 1860.had re-t Hoamoath. The reaearchea of Mr. Sparks his task and the chances of detection under- the byslow of late. The Canadian tripsh«Te gone far towardsclearingthe Union, becoming discontented or breakchoice ffa PresuUnt, madecould make theland to land to less than six days, and would put thepiitonar was place, and hadof the lat- t«, and inductively the whole of it, forms the sub-upthellmont Wlu,t sort ofptoceof the fonberthe firstjectnot the ConsUtution altered, changed or amend- bydefences,taking counsel of pa.'sion Instead ofto t)e to wisdom. Letpart, eapacially of the Tolume before us.ofKhali ve knmcn and triedy not by the hands which irK-:By his/ruitt hrnohad arrested him. Three or four otoer knowing this,on the 2d of Octo- the hands of Williah Goddakd. of Baltimore,good society, familiar with the use of the pen, and His language is rather thaf of a man of the worldthe than Lounger and Mirror, ratherprovide that it shaU not beztn three-fourths of the States their who he shall be—make resistance to acts ifdependent upoiitiieSt. Lawrence. They have, however, to fact, always character.Gen. Lbi died in PhUadelphia, ber, 1782. His letter-booksaad that hyisean the prisoner wife had died Her testimony being of a•dBorofthe Maryland Journal,in which Ls«'8than of a scholar;anienamg It ? wUl of anThe ~peopleup the obscuritiea taking to imitate two well-known hands instead of serve theh-GoveTmientT Can anyone member ofmentablyof-that men skilled in the inter-to send to thenIwouldcallthattreason,andthenI woulduseof human motives, andthis Slate or elsewhereand it is to be otiserved tiiat;that systematic treachery should haveThen the speaker attempted to settle the proposi- '*;from such differentshould have concurred in praising a man for quali-which he has arrived rest upon so sure a basis, that they must be received as fundamental facts. Mr. BihCROJT has accepted them in his eighth vol- ume, which, wherever Lee is mentioned, bears nbundant evidence of his fullnt'xt point was tiiat the election of Mr. Likcolk or any other in:in would not justify a dissciliition of the1818, 1822, 1824, 1826, 1828, 1530, 1832, 1834, 1836, 1S38,theirsubjectof points view,1S40.SirsaiOR Court—Partties which he never possessed, and Turn services which he never performed.toi.sthat would justify a dissolution of the Union.Still itwas a question not of opinion but of »vi-appreciationof Mr.will be beaten if all-the elements ofoppositionvotechnnnn and notified him to make yrsttrday,1856,dence, susceptible of demonstration by the sameprocesses that apply to other questions of fact, andMnouE's labors.Mr. Everett hasthsra Eiir.ycio-as did not do m Indiana. Ohio and theyup his in the event of acarry tog on business to this State, and unier the laws oftbeSlateliabletotaxationtherefor. Itstoodtotoe same position as a non-resident natural person, aiul tiie assessment was on toe held to this State,tooimportant,bothinitselfandinitsbearingupon pciliapublic incor-the.se would have defeated the States, theycan ticket. If the Breckinridge men go in New-Yorkshould Mr. Lincoln be eiccled President. Mr. BicBANAN Is said to have exhibited great alarm at thispropertyand not upon any shares or portion of tbe capitalotherquestions,to be lightly received or hastily settheyDouglasguaranteeA JUDICIAL JOKE—A MAN BEATS HIS MISTRFSS stock of toe Company under its charter.Neither, as I understand t.hem. are the definitions ofthat our days may be long in the laudot ourwhich our God hath given us. Woe to the country that forgets her great men, or suffers an unmeritedbeing,imputation to be cast upon their memoryand yet the Governor ofdocs not concealfrom the world. Have we w ere allowed aStateofwhich is tovested m Stocks of toe* woe, too, to her who permits arrogance and pre-to the of merit, and makes—autoorizedthe formation this Commonwealto Bank of,sumption usurp placeher praise worthless by bestowing it without dis-Personal Paragraphs.The present Governor (Downet) of Cali- pledged to enforce the Fugitive Slave law. togtther the Texas Legislaiure. which otherwise can- postponement, twenty were imprisoned, eight werecrimination upon the corrupt and on the pureIn the next he is to veto place pledgedany bill for the emancipation of slaves in the Districtand six werefour charged with Illegal voliiig, one was remanded for sentence, two were artiuitted. and one was re- minded for further investiyation. One person charged with lUegally himself as a voter was re-Corporation.In the case of Gen. Lie the wholeIrishman. For years he was a prominentof Columbia. He is an honest an man,cjuestion, and,turns upon the authenticity of the document uponregistering from the Lone manded tor sentence.which this accusation is founded. ifjudgment. I am agamst his election, as I would be immediate countenance orstartling For, it coidd be shown that the letter attributed to himfor the stock be invest- maywas his it would be actually composition,and if any part of toe money paid the blesstops of our Federal Union. Is it not Court. One prisoner evinced the lasting icnpression to for its stock shall at any time be invested to sioekscult for one familiar with such astray.posi- tion, became the head of the State Government, inspentmost of the day, yester-*'property,Corporation,amongwhich was a paper in theofChurch, Boston, tended by an average number of one hundred andauinst than the Knight of La Mancha had. A man mediately home. These instructions he has not he had a wife andchild to and that his accuserBoston, suggestion now made, toat the decision by the Courtimpos- of the conclusions which Mr.is elected as 1 will if any other man is elected. He isSlavery.;sible toMoOBB has drawn from it. And here theelected as Lieut.-Govemor on the ticket with him-too sensible to to do tryenjoyeipecttog rather too much of Texas now to suppose she would be to aid to dismembering the Con-which tides, in tiie land of his birth, had made on his' oflthe United States, such tovestment cannot affect tbenund, by constantly addressing their Honors, as My ol taxation, for the reason that toe assessment ofdeny anyples of investigation are so sunplo, that it la diffi-theHe knows It will do no good, but preduce disturbance, and perhaps revolution. But then he has no power to do anythtog. There is a large majority In the Senate against him, and I Uilnk it is probablepraaervation. They could hardly be forgeriesbrought to li^ht. Of the hand-writingOfficerhouse, testified that Bryant had said,no doubt for Lss's is of ;succeeafiaiy as a whole. The character which itthe Haytlcn Government, and endeavoring to in-Are we te vote for the candidate of a party who is j Is willing to leave both questions to a friendly arbltra-I shouhto'tSCnaiOB COiniT—OENEBAL TEKX.gives to a page is one of singular homogeneitynre a answer negativeItill this week, andThe next case was toat of James Scoles, who votedBliss, ^c, vs. Bliss i Uoagland, +<:.,B"»^«]".'drawa, you wouldwiUer'a mlnd.',and betraymg those secret worktags,4c-—Jndgment affirmed, with costs. r,„)o^mMU Lewis, tc., vs. Jones and one other ««ir.-J udgmeai*w*ich though unrevealedwhom we read in the But If by a large vote Kentucky decides against seces- Cruz when the correspondents of the New-York erissovioiter, knowing that he was not a voter to that dis-Hetze^n, Harmon affirmed, wito costs.; Sclunck vs. Catnr'jeU-^)""^of a frank andcealment and going directly to itsCaptainsjreedon.Mokhat. GE-NKEAL gkSSIONS.say, from the characterof theimssB, said he. It will gire an to the move- ana is at attached to the Havana Squadron. rns/icctur Joseph c. Scullei/ testified—That when toe Impetus presentiere and there signs of he»iiation show them-stoien ?2;S'/a=urrnS"btSer^--HenryThird Ward. John Fitzgerald,a letter with the duty of havmg con.'iructed at American ship- toe Register, testlfledthat the prisoner gave his resi- "F?r'veIontou'*'a'sia'uYt-Thomasselvee, a certain dissatistactionsteals over you as^^nyonobservetheUnion.[Applause.]LETTSB VBOM HON. W. A. ORAnAU.attempted to regUter himself in theJirrn, secure touch of""''Register toen sent an officer with him to toquire,^anJdl^K^,'"^"*"" the lines, th.ugh?=""'stampedehas takenRegister,Fo? attemptbywords,officials of statedhein actionsimthnnieal. There is an air of boUness about it, theThe Dis- Herald fabricated those sensation atiout trict paragraphs;ipwelon^hkh at the firstworthy guardian of (leace in Cincinnati,arrested the other on nightHe wasSpain.derstandtogtwo Governments,anythe general oato was then administered to him, and he swore toat he had been to the county fourCOMMON PLEAS.r, „.,T —Bail reduced toglance wenldtucky.less they have some evidence that Kentucky will bewith them. I say to you, vote so as to convtoce were on the most friendly terms. This fat^t I have fully explatoedconditions tosharp angles, the harsh outlines,every now and then to shrink and to away try hidethemselves from observation ia the midst of their blusteri]^ companions. Compare it with the bold,John Weiss is comprehensive, truthful and in no wa—y offensively complimentary.Hon. W. A. Gkabah, of North Carolma. inyards three first class frigates of w.u- for the Spanl.sh dence No. 240 Washtafton-street. Witoess knew that '^F^'^^gery— Charles M. Symmes, Samuel Claik,bslng already occupied with toere was no but a store at toat navy, her own yards dwelltog-house, onlyto the course of construedTM. Spain would number, and asked toe accused if he was not mis- •*t" ^11^^ i«-ceny-Joseph McCaan.attribatingest and most conservative of raejito believe it gone beyond theSenator WigffiU, nf Tr.xas^ called upon Prtsident iiU'princi-to inquiries goself;and when Latham, theActingGovernor, waswillmg President BncHANAKAnother a for righthand-writingwho talks that way can safely be called a crazy man. obeyed, because, as the State Department supposes, bad enticed him away from them a year ago to come below is an invasion of toe admlttcKl rule of la w^!suspended judgment,dissolve the Union they will have revolution. nary session, is regarded here as t'le first toss of the against three was withdrawn. Of forty-three charged and other like Corporations, granting to them certato!Corporation is paid to it becomes, as stock, the subject of. and' lia-questionupright, firm man, and if elected President of the United States he will administer the Government accordmg to nis bestdur- tog the continuance of the Corporation, remain so Ua-CbaxUB Liz, filling eight pagps of foolscap, and fifty members of different the denominations,iat Now, for what would you dissolve the Union or he dislikes to terminate his mission, but as ts suspect- here and live wito her. Of late he had repented, and United States stocks are not liable totaxaSlOah^Slatei\\hopeofredemption.87:;, 874, 522, 640, 830. 636, M6, 844, 688. Common Pleas—Part /.—Nos. 2253. 2254. 1935, 373,2141,2062.303. 1703, 2591, 2211, 2237.2263.Barb. 316. That Life Insurance Company was a for-eign corporation, ustog a portion of its to propertywhich has made us a nation, won forever to the hearts of his countrjinen. greatrepeated days since, by will carry Indiana. I was nding in the cars to-day, Gov. LzTCHZR, of to the effect that he wasFBArDCLENT VOTERS IN COURT.On Saturday, Justices Co.nsolly, Kelly andStbhrs, disposed of seventy-five cases.Of 27 persons charged wito assault aud battery,three were discharged, no w Itnesses appearing, fourto the case of tiie iMutual Insurance of Buf- Companyfalo rs. Supervisors of Erie. 4 Com. 448, to any re-one?The second test, the evidence of style, is equallydecisive. Gen. Lss's style is that of a man offactious, Oovemmoat woilld youaccording theConatitulion, it no cause at alt.to theprovi'sioiupassagea aboutfrom vagrant, floatingabounding in idioms and the phraseology of social life, belonging to the age ofAre we accidentalsaythenegative testi-landed estate in Berkely. Soon after the death of author of the most celebrated political letters of Gentlemen and I ladies,:People$300,000perannum Thiscasehasbeenonceortwicestatedtotheto the display of his stronger points and moreitis there- dry, and,dampen the ardorpolitical party compettog aloneIftve' called forth from authentic sources, under and a careful comparison of the letter to Sir Wil- chances. If succeed theyUnited States ConsUmiioe. /The CommlasiaDers ofdered great service to American history. Unfor- same class which were acknowledged by Gen.by mentiontog the facts, aud that thenals are controUed opposition jour-Bank fur the year I8H at •Ml.ies IS-betag for the amount of aaital stock aetaally palH'to, leas the suottnnatelrplanopposition,received »20,000 as a loan fromwas never carried out, and it .Leb, would convince the most incredulous that«lbS,834 84, which was tovested to real estate,theKaa ngt'tiU 1792, that an imperfect substitute ap- they might easily have come from the same pen. alluded to the nullification troubles to 18S3, and peiiedinasingleoctavoof439pages,preparedby Itwasbytheevidence ofthe haadwritingthat chargedthattherewasjustasmuchproofnowthat dwakd IlUiotobtbt, of Georgia, in 1787, sent Mr. MoOBS was led to purchase these documents ; Mr. BascEimiDos was a nnlllfier and seceder as that to Ekig^and for publication, and brought out at having gained possession of them, he was enabled Mr. Yancit belonged to that class of peliticlans.of thelast as a contribution to the history of the to add to that first evidence, proof of another char- Then speaking of the Norfolk questions, he said Well, now they talk about OonoLAS' answer b«-Republic the rutos of the Union would begin toAgooddealjnoregold,takenfromthetributaries of"mother-revolution," under the excitement acter, drawn from the principal document itself.ap-distrust and jealousy, proceed with acrimony and em- the Chaudlere River, has been brought to town. There pealed General Term ot toe Court, when, afterawakened by the revolution of France. This document is a plan of action, drawn up by State, tocludiag should secede, would Kentucky,you A biographical sketch, a reprint of several Gen. Lss, to-enable the English leaders to "bring then, as a Keniuckian, jom an Abolition army to force Kentucky to remato ia the Union ! 'There is secei- essays, tracts, and squibs, <uid about a matters to a conclusion in the most compendious slon tliat can't be healed. There is revolt that it isfew,—but toe parties who left this to find out tlie lo-rendered, confirmtogtoe order of the CourtbundrM letters to and from Gen. Lbs, make the manner." It is based upon the supposition that, ia hopeless to try to put down. That is not the ques-deUberate and careful examination th&n the permit na wnr-SaTolomethe continuance! of the war, America has noposed to secession, and a particular State shall try toaition sosuchofbytmder on toe part of toe Grand Trunk Railroad.in^HKtantout of the Uoioii. If you want the mall, you mustAnglo-Saxon's,But toe retator insists that a deduction should hareweightto hisopinions.is too badup; too evidently the work of an ardent ad-" tion. SupposethepeopleoftheotherStatesareop-no choices but submission or exile;York and tbe 'Western States—Careless.aesa on tbe Fart of the Grand Trnnk ried to the Court of last resortmirer to be accepted as a trustworthy guide in dis- chance of Obtaining the ends she proposes to her- secede. They it would be wrong to use an army sayputed questions. Many years passed away and self;" and proposes, as a death-blow to the powerLn seemed to have taken his place in the history of the war, as a man of great military experiencefor final aaiudlcatloa.conclusion at which, upon brief consideration, Diava arrived.fiae talents and liberal sentiments, but of ait is the duty of the Uaited States to call the army into service.not half serve for the defence. With 2,000 miles of sea coast to protect, every ship of our present navydispo- passion, and such a natural turn fpr sarcasm and invec-of Pennsylvania and Maryland, and effectually cut- ting off the communication between the NorthernCompanies," passed April IS, I8i7, (Lawsof 1897,biographyfamilysaid It Is too late now to compromUe. If this la public could nol her position without anIample tice of toe editor, an instance of unwarrantablearrogant and vain,that he had yielded to^n anibition too common te: statutory provisions, the assessment la this case has been made on said balance ofthe capital stock of the relator, and, as it appears to me, to exaatbe classed among unpardonable sins!she is out of the Union. 1 have no say youlost time, al- treal to 13 hours—a distance I have traveled to five.and._^theUnder thesediversitypreparations conjunctionagainstwhether there is a Government of the United States that can hang you for treason. 1 would resort to thattoeState,andsubjecttoits authorityandmail was put on the Grs iid Trunk trato, which shojild statutes of this State to regard to toe taxation of baak-of Congress, the occupation ol a new line upon thetical testPotomac Biver and Chesapeake Bay, bringing theand Mexican boundary yet longer to defend by armsHakiltos, C. W., Thursday, Nov. 8, 1960.I wrote to the Timet, a day or two since, ab?>utregard importancethe'palladium of our safety.' Whynon-paymentsingularlypaperit^should we manifest such unbecoming fear^- of Lin-ofGeneral backs them up, some good effectwhichis to ofsubject special rules taxation, and mustbe assessed at the place- where situated, whetner mg3)e KeiO'lJorft ^imts, MovUba^f y<roember u, itao.a circumstance which,a."; far as our belief in the authenticity of the docu- Everett mass meeting In Covington. After viewingfor Its appealing to a candid approbation and sympathy, upon they^,.M8r,aiS5^""*- He was convicted and remanded fo7s^t.„_have nessoftheindorsementgress from Kentucky, deUvercd aThe Newwould seem to be decisive in itself for ;to obnoxious,to toe complatot.Francis O'Neill had attempted to vote to t«h«e tki.why should a forger add voluntarily to the difficulties ofnot deem unworthyThe revolution (for by whutevar name the changewayward,tive, as to have detracted materially from the value and Southern States. Now, as this plan was the sj ivanla, to put dovra the wtdsky msurrection ? Were conducted even without extravagance, would be bothof his services aa a soldier and theaociety as a friend. This impression was confirmeddrawn fromcostly and burdensome. All these would bCj neces-Govemmeata; and not only that suck. stocks cannot be so taxed. So,impulsivenessaad for theLiverpool Quebec, where- cision I assume toat all stocks of the United Statespleasureof treason, but as the tiling had passed off, heto matotain herrespectatjUity amongthepowersbut that todlvidualsnoniine, who ire the owners andDid not he him- of his very reverse of the one agreed upon by Sir Wil- not SiTiMjaivss and others prosecuted and convictedwould hot be too for her need many;while the toter-afortoightto come fromtowisely liam HowK and the English ministry, discussed and pardoned them? But had the sanesaryhave now toholders toereof cannot bedelaytaxed for toe aoBNoitorchange 7 Thesouth, and leaving the army of Canada to Its ownresources. That he did not adopt the whole of—tremity that you bear something about treason kome^as well as a abroad. kingat 2 o'clock—aHer news was even toen anticipateddomestic corporation, created by and under toe lawsof English 'General had] made histo withthat tha will find agitatorsIf the Soathem flag should be insulted on the sea, and we cannot avenge the disgrace for want of ma-of tion.the Hudson Biver, and insternest condemnation, peake Bay, attacking Pennsylvania from the I do, suppose, lor illustration. South Carolina, to thebylegisla-actby—coast with permanent military positions, and drive have left at 6, but did not start till 7 P. M. The Com- toe corporations, and toen proceeded as foUowsIt was not, therefore, without a mixture of in- Lss's plan may have proceeded from a natural and to go outupon going out, you are not entitled to the protecUonaccordance witotion here of surplus profita or reserved toads, or as toing from the centre, was adoptedof the Supreme Court, we won't press it upon you.but enthusiasm and excitementand whencumstances of peculiar infamy. As librarian of an failed, what more natural than that Sir William As long as you stand out to defiance of the Constitu-been a traitor to the American cause under cir-;literary or charitable institution, or was iaithistorical institution, Mr. Moore had Hows should have hesitated to tell the world thatwon for himself a reputation which gave great he had been led into the capital error of his career get it the Ijest way you can. No mail sliaii pass thehad totoo sincere a love of truth to be led temporaries and even to some of his colleagues, astray byMississippiwest of the mountatos, shall draw their tributariesof toe moneys;StateslaynightatToronUvewtagreceiptoftiling persisted m, the sooner the experiment asto wherher we can maintain the Government is decided, the bst-Tnaan^m treasury an i a strong su-ord.Ma- ; Intet- nationai Life Ass. Society vs. Commissioners of Tax-credulity and surprise that we learnt that Mr. even unconscious distrust of the source from ot the Constitution of the United States, and you shall never stop its cultivation to humble an oppressor. InVoobe had in his possession a paper in the haiid- whence it came. Its outline, its fundamental idea not have It. If you don't choose to seud members ofCongress to Washington, we can get along without wridne of Gen. Lib, which proved him to have of a separation between South and North, by act- them. If you dont choose to tovoKe the jurisdictionbags toe actual value the stock,if difficulty study of manuscript documents. He possessed If we accept this interpretation, the conduct of upon imported goods. To make you do this, I will which seems to me tosurmountable, so long as theHe was familiar with thetieingby listening to the counsels of a traitor ?too sound a judgment to take up an opinion light- the British General in 1777, a mystery to his co-;towards yourand had drawn his ethics becomes perfectly intelligible. We can see, too, unloaded there, not permit It to pass toto the portpaidbeen by toe bank tovested to stocks of toe Uniladly ;Ute search of noveltyftom. too pure a source to do willful wrong to the why a document of so much interest remained socharacterofthelivingorofthedead. longconcealed, andwhyin the discussions and nor'Wisx—GeneralWiss,that wantsto huntup an sideattheballot-boxOn the other hand, it seemed strange that so in- animadversions which the blunders of the war army to tighta fact should have beening eighty-thr*e years, and long after all personal motives of concealment had passed away with thecalled forth, no allusion should have been made to the real cause of the greatest blunder of all.fight ?along inciency of their friendship for our defence, and leavethem no alternative but consolidation with our foes.Most did the father of his country proclaim to us trulytle.Government,terestingkeptsecret dur-would no havemall,norepresentationor otherwise obtained by toe corporation, or to whichWe of such— such capital, or any part toereof, may be tovestedit asfor mileage to Mr. Blockwzll. the mana- the Grand Trunk. If the American Postmaster-excepting onlythe real estateheld by the company,fortunate tliat a should have fallen into the from hands of so able a scholar as Mr. Moore. SoundShe m paying duty. ^ould,that the CnionsuSeringthe mysterious waywardness of a colleague at a judgment, thorough research, just appreciation of extreme remedy. Here you have a quiet, sure andcritical hour, should never have that character, an acute perception of the logical con- safe antidote against ultimate secession. I hare de- by oppressive laws. He can claim no power abovepretationcolleague of anything worse than willfulness and nection of events chronologically disjoined, and important one."REPORTS.nor autoorizes the Inser-a ready command of clear, precise and appropriatetoe which has been used partarrogancebeen so uniformly concealed by capricious bearing language, have enabled him to make a volume tion that All question about Slavery in the Terri-;detection even when extended which, taken in all its bearings, may unhesi-Calendar.-Nos.4, 11, IIJ*. 12,27, 37. 13, 15,16,17,30,26,28, 29, 30, 32,33, 34, 35, 36,SopaiMX CouaT—Circcit—Pori /.—Nos. 801, 515,9In my opinion toese statutes clearly require thatmoneyed or stock Corporation shall l>e assessedas to haveto acts that hardly seemed to admit ofand thetion en that subject is, for all practical utility, to theslaveholding or to the non-slaveholdiiig States, unrea-sonable and of either to the North or hopeless good,escapedaugurationof theConstliudon,p^e^eut agita-everyother and that so many historians, writ-seeingtatingly antimport- history— —and Disunion Claims against Peru Mex:" 1187, 285, 745, 315, 1343, 1021, 1425, 1427, 1429, 1441,any under such different influences, andanceofitsdeductmg the shares of stock excepted or exempt as above mentioned, notwithstandtog a portion or even toe whole of such balance may be tovested to stocks of toe United States held by such Corporation.And this conclusion, to my does not con- judgment,flict wito the decision to the case of- toe British Com-LifeIns.Co.rs. Commissionersof 28 70.1, 759, 222)«, 1007 34. Part //.-Nos. 828, 860, 864, mercial Taxes,be monographpronounced the most ever contributed to thefor and taxespay uponthe whole amotmt toe bal- ^ofof the war of Independence. The conclusions at to the South, or to the white or the black ra?e." His1435,613, 1511, 737, 1, 987, 677,in his articleset-ession of the Southern as it would States,accepted Washington for theagainst him,rennsylvania. IftheyhadvotedagatostLincolntomind as to what would be his2266, //.—Nos. 2100, 2213, 2238,2239,112, 295,uponBrittanica. And had they been madecertamly Republi- lake place before the close of tht; present Admiiiis-a few months' earlier,would have beenwiththemenandBellmen,I willtration,Conrt of Special Sesoiona.ponderifcefor themselves a claim to that honor wiiich wo areespecially commanded to cherish for the authors Hitherto Charles Lee, with some vices and many posted. He said that he was perfectly sure tliatVirginia,hurrying the arming of all the Slate troops, as he wasdetermined to arrest the the progress, throughThese resultsmaybe summedupin a fewgentlemaninconsistent with this conclusion.But it is urged on behalf of the relator that toe saidDocoLAs would carry that State. But that faults, had held a place by the side of Greene and supposeMr. Lincoln should be elected. Is it to be announcedLafatette, Sullivan and Gates, McDoooal andHeatu. Henceforth he will be classed, and as an frages of a majority of the people is any irround forstatutes,inferior in onlyTiic call made upon the Governor of Ijouisiana to assemble the Legialature of that State, in extraordi-And ence oflicans that if BascarnEiDaE la sayelected they willchargedunderand thedesperate daring and unfailing pres- mind, With Benedict Arnold.—fornia is a little, pleasant-facsd, smooth-tonguedpeli- tician in the region of Los Angeles, -devoting him- self to the political fortunes of Senator Latham, then a promising young lawyer of Sacramento.thing. What could he do ? I understand he is Gov.call nesses appearing against them, six were adiowed a powers privileges, and for toe taxation of toedeclared Senator, Downet, virtue of his byfederacy.prisoner, yoimg man, araignedtaxe.- is not upon the slocks of toe United States or otoer owned or held by toe ez-wiiich capacity he has developed and exhibited the most remarkable executive ability, and ia in favor with all parties, cliques and clans.day, to closeState Department, in relation to the condition of American claUns against Peru, as the dispatches from Mr. Clat, our Mtoister at Lima, submit a new propo-cepttog onlyestate,be,itgreatIndorsed in the hand-writing of HxintT Stbachzy, majority of whom are prominent and influential secede, to the event of Liircoin's election ? For what ed by others less charitable, because he is personallya fortnight ago, proposed to return to his first alle- itCommissioners, Lord Howi busmess men. TheupTuesday last consecrated, holy and refreshing memories? Forto her anger pttociple,capital stock of toe relator, add not npSa the igupeilfto theand Sir Wiliiam Hows, as " lii. Lie's Flan, 29tk (election day) was very interesting, and a very im- what would you break the bonds that have so longHe attributed theSecretaryBoyalmeetingdesires to secure some settlement before he leaves panion.present chargeWashington's—the letter.°f »°disiinctand regular, set closeat the students have deemed it best to Bucksport,to defend continent. The contract forthese ships wiU probably On leaving toe office of theat -Patiick Laacdoik burglarythatpeca-i{[iif Brown hadn't me to. I didnl urged;to the propositions whichdis-I—often find ei- cute as thosethe im-opoi nature, scorning con- horse-thiefobject.you look at it more closely doubts begin to arisetoe witness Prisoner, throughhim andCourt Calendar-Fosgive youof honored foot-oath was to him.0250uniform whole," vamose the ranch," and the away one and all of the pupils.section, and be at any moment preparedthem, it will be our duty to prevent a dissolution of the Union and the destrucUoa of the Coveitmeitt be-the prisoner Catstoa Sirk testified tlut he occupied toe premises—;per- to pursue, and then tried the opposite poilo^flattering atten- tions kit is understoodhere that the new propositionswould give of youhad been by his present com- authority, Isnot in formmerdy,bat infictwidiapressive spirit of submission to the Divine will in united us as a ! For what would happy peoplepenitentiary.of wives againsttoeIr husbands for ill-treatment, which were all dis-of by the wife relenting and witodrawlng toeponedwhich nropertv may t>e, and doubtlessyou the eventful period of the Nation's history was blast the hopes of these people, when the whole worldral vessels of war wereordered to Callao, atedtag from day to day. But to permit lite relator tb es-to the IMPOBTAXT SPEECH BT niDOBTheaccusedstatedtott?CoSrtto^i.Pl*»"-KSMTUOKT.On the evening ofCicaoa RoBiRTsoa, for many years a member of Con-are perverted to our good II these tojury and oppressloa,tateUignSe^^did notTSS' J2*»• hsdcompete with us "Can any State break the Union T Must not may be called, this Is the eflect,) shouldfor votes?ofsecession. Whileonthissubject he saidthe United States Hails, have beenmaktogsuch la-teento District of toe Sevento Ward. inir-Offlcer Uesctiaam testified that the prisoner had fered to vote, when the witness informed toetors that he vras not a voter there. The Inspec-d c'o^u^\lld S^o.u^thJS ^'^t^^ »TM partners in the Unfon, aii"^to subdue her. 1 here is the crisis. That is theRailway.Correspondence qf the Nevj York Times,Canadian line of ocean steamers, which usually taketoat there was herein ground for on toe complatotpartof toe United States Post office Department. Iand I have toerefore less hesitation to Patina tbashe should anlevy armygerprac- the powers of all Gevemment. Moiblofsuasion and advice is generally sufficient, but If that is not sufficient, if they will Insist upon rebelling, youeracies of South America.With a free-soil border of 1,500 miles and an Indianter for us and our posterity.The Canadiantlie courtesies of the earth. But cotton is a god at tolerable passage on her last trip, arriving at Quebec The relator (toe Bank of toe Commonwealto) is aYou will find, I think, if they brtog us to that ei-steamship An^/o-&'axondid makea ation, 28 Barb., 318.)— the United StateslastWhatevent of LnicoLH'a election, should secede ? She can- not move her geographical position. Suppose shesaysvaded, and a maritime Power shall command our every sail from the sea, will we turn toto a wilder-;tooseprovisions. Thereisnoques-right but as you say you are out, and will insistlet us grow cotton, we will continue to do so, withoutreference to our dignity or todependence. We shall In consequence of this culpable neglect, toe mailtion, you shall practically be treated as if you wereonly got to New-York at least 24 hours ahead of the whichlast post-offlce northwest of there is one thing you must do.State line. But You must pay duties;enough, *'use no force, but will send to hover round hartior youran American vessel, and whenever it sees a ship fromStates, for the reasonabroadcomtagwith to be goodsuntil the duties are paid. That would be an act ofunable to Uncle Sam to taxation—aggression no war. What could they do ? Gover-say.feel a little indignant, and I canbyHow would South Corollna get? She Congress, no parllcipaUon in the Judiciary of the United States, no opportunity to get any goods imported withoutfact, be starved out. Ifmembers of ourforce. Itneverwouldbesuspected \alned you too long upon this first topic, but it is an the Constitution, and we can defend ourselves un-the Statote neithertion in any statement made under Section 3, above re- ferred to, of any account or statement of toe use madetoresorttothattories has been repeatedly settled ever since the In-requiresUnion, aiid that thereno cause existing or probable/.—Nos. 963, 987. 1003, lOuy, 1011, 1013. 1015, 1017,1021, 1023, 765, 1027, 1031,In the firstplace, said Judge RoBsaTSON, "we arenot certainthatMr.Li>coLnwillbeelected. 1believehe;andmanyprof(,'SSthat the election of any man by the constitutional suf- resistance or revolution ? Aa well might the Repub-his views andnot, then, fallen upon evil times ?two were fined, seven were imprisoned, two were acquitted, six were dis-authority of Uie CorporationKaich, 1777." It was evident that these papers,if geoaine, must have belonged oitginally either teAmcdlectieoofoneoftheHowBa,ortothatof MelboAe(Australia)rejoicesinthefid- ernment—thelast thatwillbemadofor hadbeenreceivedandsntertatoedonboardtheUnited charge.;is, chans-Jb. SiBACBXT, and had found their way to the1bita< States by one of those accidents to whichall private collections are expo^ in passingand was Ueated vrith the greatest consideration by our officers.Several prisoners, charged wito larceny, pleadedAm hands of heirs andAiffldently interested in them to watch over theirand there could be no motive for forging a p^er causin^thelike "Mr. Lbx'b Plan" at' sack a distance of time partlyanship among the rival supporters.Bad under circumstances like those under which —Jambs Bxdpath, the biographer of Josic than from aU the Southern States combined. Still, our Government willingaKnednthuec^, with aU her loss, stands for the UnionSouth that has lost nothtoi is for disunion wrong onpitoclplc. This Peru declines doing, butthtongiilegatees,|not alwayssupple and jollythe second isfrom this ot- other section wilt suffer any cause, whatmost ? The South, undoubtedly. Who will protect the slaves then ? You will have no Federal Constitutionceived the follyof the course heproposedandiorgerisa are never committed without a motive, ting off the beauty of one against the other, and take a prommeut part to this tragedy. It was once do not concede the point for which the .Administration toe Second District of toetoaStevteonetofor,;pleiioBfiguretallThey appear jointly,set- todoit.Kentucky will be expected, I suppose,tool Peru will be rejected byour Government, astheymost frantic enthusiasm and senselessthe dark and bloody ground, and the>- will want to has been contending, viz., that Peru was wrong m Officer Holly Lyon testified prisonermake it so again. From Mason County, Kentucky, soiling and confiscating the two vessels unlawfully his vote to the Inspector and said that he had been— OHAXBIBS.Bbowic, Is in New-England acting as an agent of;providedInspector. who took the prisoner to the Station-Ihoraham, 1,—Giais et al vs. /enniurs.—Motion de- nied wito $I« costs.colored is too well satisfied with its BuouHBiBos. witli population Kentucky had been urged to gopresent state, and cannot be argued into leaving the Secessionists, and he appealed to Tils hearers tocomforts and civiUzalions for trouble and possible happiness.a fewfavorite with those who have been fortunate enoughplatot, furtoer consideration of the case was postponedFullern, Barnes et al^—Order rereTsed._.yourasportalike from the Free and the Slave States.In tbe Union we have more than a million of friends,necessarywouldtliatheIsbeatentoNew-York. Iamnotsurethathethat formal Senatorial announcement, and is now greatlyaside. The debt that we owe to the past is a holy porated in the last great work of Irvino— will get Indiana. When you analyze the tlitog you exercised on the subject. A distinguished gentlemanAND BEB CHILD XATRIMOIflAI.debt. The men who won for us the inde- golden link m the immortal chain which binds him will find it is altogether probable that the opposition tohimaremarkmadea fewSQUABBLESthe terms capitalstockor capital given to the opiitiansandmetagentlemanfromIlimois. Thiswords. was a very Intelligent man, and he seemed to bethis Union, with all its glorioustotcrested In baseless claims Peru, and these upongianceTbutpreventedthat this sssesiment of^ taxes Is the uponsuggestion into terms frightentog the Peruvian Government—dling of MISXA Hauseb, and ia divided into the ages ? For what wi^uld you bring about either revo- States steamer Lancaster to grand style,manifested tar all looks to us as apresent. model Government to work out theproblem of the feasibility of the project of self-gov- These last dispatches report that President Castsllolarge a portion of ita *Tfrtt*'imost agitated and violent cliques concerning thelution or immtoent 'revolution, tovolving the mostporation, and made It liable to taxation on the amount of Its capital.The order made at Special Term should be affirmed wito costs.A.W.BradfordandIrvingParisforrelatoia Ralmt ;F. Andrews for respondents. DecMooa.SUPSUII OOITBImerits of two dancersthe one isThis, surely,might in bad taste 1 If this Union be dissolved, Castsllo into terms. It maywere toose of five prisoners charged wito fraudulently voting, or regis- tering their names. They were all, toough apparenUy without means, defended by counseL Ine first case was toat of John Bryant, w ho attempted to vote to Ward. Police handedFrench, elegant, a youthful, bloom- ing Spanish Creole, with large, soft eyes, rosy com-it be be that Mr. Clatimportanceexperimentmyjudgment, totoxicaiion to excuse, but wltoout effecting any miti- evasion of toe law of the State.which created the Cor-shocking horrors—which I will not speciiy, becausewas an odd way to frighten Presidentgation of penalty. The cases of mostto the last hve years, more slaves have been abductedtoengaged taking guano.Theto leave toof damages naturalized. When asked where, he replied, to Eng- McLLEH, J,—Fa*teit vs. Talmaee et c/.—Mo- land. His vote was refused, and toe witoess arrested tion denied wito $10 costs.it was firstthere could bellar kiad, which though not hard to imitate In sin- duce colored people to emigrate to that Bapublic. The speaker next demonstrated that Mr. Li.icoia tiius the matter stands.gle letters, is of all the most difficult to imitate Unfortanately for the success of his schemes the would owe his election, if he wen- successful, to Mr. El Capiian Maxtinxs, of the Spanish Navy, is raised technical objections to the form of toe com- ordered—costs to abide event.I'quesUootrying to do all this t" tlon. This to turn the Government here declines, and Ihave voted,want to myself." The prisoner's counsel having Harding vs. Barney.—Judgment reversed,new trialqueathed t* us by our fathera, for that cause altoe. The PreAIent of^the United States la not a soveMrn.Washintnoo-stnet. » . ..Isnot """""hy,butarepreseatatlTeRe- "n^'e'^M"" "*No. 240son dwells toere. Ue^^iJ!^.l.*^*>^oovr-success elaratlan of independence,have been made earlier, or must be postponed later. If there has not been siUficient cause for it heretofore, theCompa- nies obtatoed a contract from the Federal authoritiesbypretendtogthat theyCarolina by retiring from the Union planted himinfiffice. Let us not tojure a cause capa- Malls on shore at River du Loup, 120 miles down the tified to toe same policemea tes-dissolve the partnership Tlioei ble of the best and admittedeflect,- concerning the pxisonei*s Sarah Carr testified that for twoperiland papers passed into ambitious of saying smart things in a striking way. ed, but sliali be binding on every Slate and every clU- us wait the action of the new President, no matter brought the Mall-bags up to Quebec, tmd they are to had lived to thetepreusnctn^laUves shall concur in revoking,bychanginlgegoalr f hall demand It ;at least a Chicago peopleto do it iiu I don't do not find it to thefr in-but let us not prostrate in the dusthtehye accidental fairest fabric of government ever devised by the wis-taktogfortolghtbut consider that, by reasonable exertion on the that of the tion? Could South Carolina by blockin"g her porU those who toere Is reason to believe seek cause for part of the Company, at least four days quicker transitla-regulate commerce f Could she absolve herself from the obligation to pay her porUoa-Hooax writesby the Post-officeCompany Department. This fact should alsoTheaealtk in New-Yotk vs. mmuandTaxet^OmCUfimiOmmttofItem-York.—of the debts ol the United Stales !Commtm^ mvtnimUiii«iurt^Ae»tS^know this is a dry subjectOen.IjI^iHr.Goodabdissuedproposalsforthe theage. Butanoccasionlikethiswasnotsuited ItisoneuponwhichIwouldliketodwell,iftimeand veryadversetoourhopes,andwellcafculatedto dianoccasionwouldpermit. Iknowsomethtoglikedom of to the advices of those little State for aU man, by yleldtogbroughtway,to atheblesilngswe enjoy under this glorious ConsUtu- sensibilities outnm their judgments, and still less ofdissolution, rather than dissolution for any cause." A BKN8IBLK TIIW.Under date Of Raleigh, (N. C.,) Oct 13, Hon. B.F.;toe Cana- more than the Canadians"Althoughthe recent news from is Pennsylvantabe borne to authoritiesofa forthepurposeofprovingthat forthespoilsofoffice,yetthemissionofourpartyisTiaaa, BankoftheCooi- States slocks of docuntehts It would have contained, and the no spicuity and directness, are all that we should tutioual. If a State choose to revolt by rebellion, she and official emoluments. It is to arouse the love for thority if he chooses. I have no doubt that the toe loan of ISU ae sum of »UM90, agASafSTthatpubUeatioBpapersforthemselves pay. So Uncle Samand will be reuieialiei ed. readilyof selectportionsof hisin threeocean postage,to pre- Canadian the toves&nent was ezeuiptmiiD tazadmBBtethea publication whidh, by the importaat cfaatacteristic traits as a writer. Simplicity, per- nullificatloa and secession are both the attatoment of equadly unconsti- Immeasurably higher tnanTOlamesleas inportant ones which it would undoubtedly look for in the mete exposition of a plan of action;:can speak wito au-fore,1 will not laborbeingThe monwsalth had lavested in Onltedhas a natural right to take notice that when a State or the Union, to save It from a threatened shockany faction of people revolt, they must take the pare the public olnd to matotato Its totegrtty agdnst clesnewspapers would have teemed wito arti-about this matter were it not that the Ministerial Taxes denied that toe tovestinent was soand thethe form of comment and anawer, would have ren- liam Howz, with the other compositions of the If they fall they will t>e denounced as traitors, and as well as the supreme wickedness of dlssolvtog It to journals are afraid of embarrasstog the Government taxation, aAd assessed the patsinal propecto of «M 'be called willmeetthedoomoftraitors. [Applause.]proceeded to show how thisRoBiBTSOH thenThe advocates of such s step forget, to the blindnessof their excitement, that the consummation of thatevent for such a cause, would, at once, both concedeto the world the tocapaclty of man for self-govern- Allah, EeaoaSTOKE k Co., for which amount toey The Bank obtatoed a writ of certiorari, and took tbe ment,andproclaimaloudthroughoutallNorthAmer- haveajudgmentregisteredagainsthim. Youseewe questionbefore the SpecialTermof the Supremethey maypatriots. the madnessthe event of Lncoia's election.Judgeprinciple was to be applied to the preseut crisis. Heby Hon. Gsoeob Baows, toe leaderwhoica, that African servitude is the weakest and most have log-roIUng and lobbytog, bribery- and corruptionofupon which toe banktog Instttation was located.tog infamous. They say—suppose every Souttaerabittered' divisions among ithemseives, and end In a are evidenUy profitable diggings there, known to a was now'Bench, fbUowiag eatolOBofdlsappototment,supreme follyexempt froaadlfiScult to be roatotatoed of all Institutions, to a landof freedom and laws. The formation of a Southern ona smallscale, even here.Court, where It was adjudged, after toe return of tbe respondents setting forth, the fiscts, toat the tovsstaaett was liable to be taxed. The assessment was there- uponconfirmed. From that order the relators:" upon totoetotal * disruption.Founded, if founded at all, amid the heats of party in which extreme opinions on fundamental prin-;embedded on the dogmas of nullification and secession, at will and without question. It would epitomize. In ten years, all the revolutions of France, Mid all the broken confed-The question, to my opimon, depends eatlielT upon toe construction to be given to toe "Act to re- war to the doors of the wealthy German farmers imist use the proper power. If an army be necessary, on land, the whole army' of the present Union would toe shocktogly long passages now betog made by the lation to toe assessment of taxes on Incorporatedspirit, would he embraced with ardor ciplesImposed onmorepress of busmess of this Court willgive It. 1 he case, however, will undoubtodlv be car-der it.If he should be elected, I, for one, do not fear himand my prayer shall be as ever, for the prosperity and happiness of our coimtry."Aflaii-B at ^Vaahlngton-President BnchaBanUnited States 29 inclusive.— Distkict Codbt. ^Nos. 20 toanypart of its or other capitalState, of any Federtil troops bound Southward. This would be treason in both tne spirit and the letter of the law,respectthecountry.It will be recollected that seve- on lliat account. He was sentenced by the Court to to which the money paid to for that takfnt-purposespostponement,the of Mr. Clat, for the purpose ofspeudtogdty,toe was remanded. prisonervs. eufrney el al, vs. Smith et al,; Btime, H- vs.policy2208. Pan2It-4, 2269, 2271, 2272, 1929, 2077, 2188, 2198, 4629.Virginiaation byanyipartdignities;have not yet returned.thousands of dissenting and unwilling freemen, with Calpable Delay of the EnglUk Mall for New.What did Gea. WAsatsaTSN do !self to person, head an army to go to Western Penn- nal and foreign admtoistratlon of the Government, as toey used to make the run in ten days. I tu-ged are exempt from taxatton by toe Stateprudentlyand digested during the Winter, and suddenly crisis occurred again. Gen. WASHiNeroN would have as one people, and wito' one heart. A Southern Re- the samebringjournal, and, hope,toe readers oftoe special no- toem. (1 Kent's Com., 6th Ed., 425, *c.; Weston »ithe elaborateaouTces by his maternal relative Sir Hi.vrt Buk- changed within three days after thesnT, and still more by that which Mr. Bfabes, al- Mr. Lss's communication, are we not justifiedTeady familiar with the subject through his previ- in concluding that it was that communi-oni studies, wrote in 1845, with the Goddard collec- cation which produced thetion before him. And while a certainopinion prevailed concerning particular acts, theseverest censure passed upon him was that he was the army of Canada. He did act by the Chesa- extreme remedy if absolutely necessary.personal property owned bvof the earth, even if she were united at home perfectlyunder the notice ofI know the reliance of the Disunionists for proteo- Uon. Cotton, they say. Is Ktog, and will commatidCullough tit. State of Maryland, 4 Wneat, Uflmade no exertions to recover toequence will follow. If the Powers of the earth wHl though the trato was only on toe table to run to Mon-ness our fields of cotton ? snowyNo such conse-panythis separate Confederacy, if united at beart, doubt-less the proud spirit of the South wUl^ln the outset,make heavy and cheerful sacrifices to malntato Its ful city!Nor Is this all.The mailferred to.) neither does it appear tttat any part of amid for toe Western stock was held by toe State, or by any Incorporatedand honorhave but an hour to live, and then will comedignityand heavy taxes repose but to be dlstorbed by alarms war toat the Persia's malls not—and wars' and taxes but to be multiplied and endless.I say nothing of the probable condition of the Nor-toe assessment taxation.roll,byexemptedfromdoubtless that will be bad our whole trade can be diverted from her—aday'sef any cause exenipt l>y law Iron tax-thern RepublicChesapeake Bay on the east, and the King ofFloods" In the of the great ValleyUiat such an amount ($103,000)to for shares to said h»/i capitalwho will come around us in danger. They take our equallyautbori^.reposeor waslawchargeThere is not the semblance of right in the ball, and the iiere.f.^ionist.f arc tervibty chagrined that with petty larceny, three were discharged, no wit- and and has also provided by lawwU notnot assemble for twelve monttis to come. Old acquitted, remanded for sentence. OfUnuston, of Texasyt'otiow.ruitcapital sto^kofevery sochSam is sound to the core on the Unionif armed with the ppwer to do so, would h;;ng every Secessionist as a trnltor. This tne Southern leaders well know, and hence they dispair of anysympathyagatost my father's, if he were a sectional candidate. Star Slate—a state wliich voluntary parted with her I'lie mirtli of the audience was occasionally excitedill which the money paided, or anv use that inav be made of such money bySubsequently, through Latham's influence he was [Applause.] I will fuel just as secure if Mr. Lincdu* separate independence and sovcrevgiity in order to by the remarks of prisoners, and the witticisms of the toe Corporationanything uponsubject ofbut contmues towas before such tovestment was made, an assesssMnt on the capital stock of toe company, created under the laws of toe State, and toereby expressly made the terdlcttog Slavery anywhere he could not do it. sition for their settlement. Mr. Clat has been in- her child in her arms. She stated toat the accused subject of taxation. The Corporation which acceptsa the House. It is there will be nuyority inaltogether probable that this majority will conttoue four years, so that If Mr. Liiccois should want to pass an act to-Agatost a prisoner, Doyle, a woman appeared wllhIn the Winter of 1857-8, a atranger called upoaMr.MoOBBattheLibraryoftheNew-YorkHia-toiieal Society, and offered him aaveral documentsnlative to the history of the War of Independence, years at the " Old South " in is at LiNCOLif is elected ? Why, he would have less to fight authorities, to demand his passports, and return im- and abused ana beat herself and child. Prisoner said And, In my opinion, toere Is no fbunAation for the—Thedailynoonprayer-meetingwhichhas Whatharmcanhedo!been in structed,Uvedvritoher,andwastoefatoerofherchild. That on the momtog after election he came home drunk,Who will Gen. Wbi fight fsuccessful operation during the past three Where wUl he fight, and what will he fight for If ultimatum, and if not accepted by the Peruvianand enjoys toe privileges granted must take then cum onere.consultation with Cass, of the Secretaryits realasat several different to submit our times,IsPeru will admit her course to have beendaysto oarwhere he is a quite..,to make his acquatotance. He is one of the mostMr.Yaiiost had made them. If Kentucky goes for Bascx- ttoguishcd officers to Her Catliolic Majesty's service, totoc Fiflh District of toe First Ward.Our modern Mayors are not alw^ays so ments of the Dlsunlonlsts. Thevwillbe encouraged. It was Capt. Maatinsz who -commanded before Vera presented himself to vote, witness refused for toe platotur. „ /.,;;_Oftlershad been only two which we thoughtlessly caU Arabian Ifights Entertainmentt. Mayor Bishop, anlcnists cannot get along without Kentucky. She Is anticipated hostillties between the United States and months in toe county, but insisted on putting In hission, you rebuke It, and pat a check to It.was a Union State. They can't without Ken- I nstead of unktod or misun- ballot ;get alongThey are not wlUtog to make the move, un-feeltogexisted between toe officers of theBkAST,1.—Chase vs. Orosvcnrr,-a.xu.aBat as steps of HarouB al Raschid, and trying to catch the Disnnlonists that they have no hope in Kentucky. from Capt. Mastinzs himself, who speaks in the high-the—watchman asleep, got himself.Pabebr,whichhavebeenembodiedinaternpting the utter want of harmony, the letters that seem volume by Ticknor 4 Fields. The memoir bychallenged his;advance ordersLarge have beensuspicion following in theJaavis and Maktinbsmonths;administeredtwice,and care-caughtsecession should occur. will responsible Kentucky peLeary. Herman. WlUla-Shea, Nicbola.beingtoeThe other Inspectors toen admitted his vote, butuponI now say that if Kentucky does not so vote, and ifest terms of the officers attached to our Home Squad- ron.had him arrested. counsel, pleaded guilty with a view to suspension of judgment, but was remandedreceivedby the publishers, for the writings of TusoffORS cession does not occur, Kentucky will have saved this these rumors that Spanish hostlUtks and Spamsli for sentence till this week.for that secession. If Kentucky does so vote, and se-But a conclusive proof of the lUler falsity ol allFor receivtog^K'^^j/'mothyOdated at Hillsboro on the 19th ult., writesbe concluded to a few days with some of the New-" But ifcountry with the election of LinooiN, whileit shall please Providencevirulence in the East Maine Conference Seminary, regard it aa a calamity deeply to be deplored, and our countrv if she were contemplating,The small pox having broken out with greatshipstaken. The prisoner toslsted that he was right. TheWUltam 0««ey. wf^?-.m Roberts, Charles Livingston,:to afflict thewe shaUshall tocrease our vigilance over the rights of our tually carrytog oa territorial aggrandisements on thisand if the man bad made a false statement, to arrest him.?of ^Sf^cll-^-iohn^^n^,^i-or ?ar^^ .lung-fhot-W^ Heaaey.Untitled Documenthavingdefendant.on this continent is the fa.-t that Capt. ,^i°^,S- aggressions Government ThirdDistrictofthe MABTniBs is now here, charged bv hiscommence an undertaking of this magnitude to hardly and now ac-york builders.Thomas M. Tryniski 309 South 4th Street Fulton New York 13069X.the habit ofthat terest to havepartwhen wecould be made than issuances should be addressed to toedistrict, toere a short time stace.positive character, overbalanced toe mony of the police, and he was acquittM. apectots had not adinltted his vote.An laspnrtaat OpWea.ISTKSTHEHTScality,Tuesday afternoon, than 12 days.oflessof the Mailsthissome remon-(or the Canadian Government,) by toe American Press, if notINex reL the Bmk .of themtod, toat the United Statesvoyagertoe, will we cease to grow cotton ? If we are in- toe Persia's, at Cape Race but let that pass. The The Court here cited at length toe provistons of Uiearrived at Montreal an hour too late to be put on the New-York trato, and lay a whole day to that beauti-~of (whatever be the maymeantog of that phrase as used In Sec. 10, above re-over anotoerto siinilarly defective arrangements. "The consequenceexceptedhad started twoahead here, at Chicago and otoer cities West. This stock,'.Post-office amotmt of the whole stock aggiegaSa I do capital notlaveitedlnrealonly hopewould he we withdraw from the Union we shall lose the effi- ship owners and the railroad company wake up a lit- capital stock of a corporation ascertatoed to toe man-—who would he where peril will fight our enemies upon their own soil. If fight,toem,tkeupon any property purchased;and to the day of threatenedtaxes are assessedpaywhileadvance, toey are alsofrdmtoWhat excuse the Canadian Department can give to that of the Unitedon the not see. An humble apology is all they can offer, estate,j^nd to how far it will be for the United profitableStates and England to allow Canadian railroads andsteamships to continue to be toeir mall carriers, I am States, and tliat such United States stocks are not sub-certatiUy ought to jectthat his giving expression to his feelings will make the steam-I know that somewh^ happened to be on tlie train I speak of, adminis- tered a severe rebuke and somethtog like a threat ofSnFaiME Court-GzNSRAL Tsdm.- Enumerated personal property by corporation.Lords."striking his fatoer, when asked wny he had done so,Because I did n't like him to lock me out." ** Very well," said toe Court, " you shall be satisfied, for I will lock you in," •replied,three months' Imprisonment There were severalarbitration, him witoout the order or of toe requestPike,"that toe prisonertried to escape from the officer.Forburglaty-B»hr Jaoobewskjr.In toe complaintseajpltalissupposedpUed toe Democratic. Hehadllved, toe last two =«to residence in toe district. Witoess,argument before a full toevol. 2, ch. 456, p. 1 ;)purposes of this de-value of toe same as forCity of Charieston, 2 Peters' V, S, Rep. 449, 4Sfcharged with f„°?-,belowBoaaiT, J.—The question to be detenainsd ia fldscase is of very great Importance, and should receive a:been made, rwt of any particular part or short* Ocforatton, but of the sum of 9103,000 from theStateUnder toe Statotes above referred to, as I under-standner and not prescribed,by a corporation ofproperty, exceptmg onlym the purchase of real estate, nor any specification of toe held suchcapitalstockpaidto and after remainingif tola be toeir true construction, areuneoaati- tutionsl, to so far as they provide for or autoorize tax-of toe stock capitalUnited States. I cannot assent to toat proposition.The State of New-York has Its laws created, or by^sstock of such .soon as the capital anyand as I view the law, ii must,ble to taxation as stock irrespective of toe propertyble to, taxation;taxationbecause it has seen fit to tovest such portion to shocks oftoeUnitedStates,would,ia beaacapeuponsonjsonamxmm^tkei; www.fultonhistory.com.«rssa.i;w.i«^->. 