 •ern statesmen admitted that the opinions of Soathemmen had undergone a revolution, and this change hadaffected the policy of the Federal Govemmant Tnepower of the alave-holdlng class was obtained throughduringthis of the part''Slaveand erected Territory after Territory with Slavery in bisfollowing Delegates te tte CUe^a District—GUeon Wells, of Hartbcd ;SV -W-. »f!-.5;.i :•^:^lt»- s'and interpreted them to meanVirsiala by;'resentingmajoritysympaaodac;^-Aaal Question.fm ladreas la tbe case of the Kw/us 8»ult, Secretary made at tbe other end of the Capitol andfore them.Sincerelydesirous aa be was for an or-not sufficiently explicit He wished to¥OL. a—^NO. 2805. FRQAi WASmNOTON,MimNEW-TOKK, THURSDAY, jAfCCAKT 28, 1880.PRICE TWOkl!*>f* ?''^ Uj^Qmm, tt PaaaijltaDia—Does the gentleman hlj^M«,er.throw T any biaine en the reportertf>tf Ike lifAlfeu Puty.tbe following resnlt Mr, Sherman, of Ohio, (Hep.,)."Mr. Bocock. of Virginia, (Km.WihM,Iiineimniti,iiwasIntelligence of the lawless deeds of brutal mobs of Interrogating ;IW—«ai»'B«pBMfc»n Pttftr. •««1«^Wednesday,Jen.as.In the farce f Were the a leader, but few recognized blsa ashtmMBAfleeM«tSoaadSense. More Voting Herearter.manymisrepresentations.wbetbar he correctly under- ccAiianea.I hope may•«"»»«>«*WiMDioios, ~P*lillll WiWOT, to-day,engagedto be correct principles and policy, engaged In tfcefarce t Were those who on their own fightand It Is said that Seaaton seetteDalism and take tlie high ground of nattaaallty,reproaabea HrltaMifknIzatfon. He sud'^'"'''TheRepublicansSlavery law,to Slavery being the as Mr. Coawia and othersworld. Iftheyhadthelegalrightandphysicaler, they would abolish all servitude and overthrow allO. of Porter,Farmington, and L. S. At. Paai«;WWBterbafr,aitAA.B.**• Ind»ct«»nU from Md Tookm, »nd then curled theIn no cotmtry of Christendom free men sub- wefejected to such Insults and ludignltlei as in the slave-hadavowedfroasday1oday. HisposltlapiimImiIiiiI htmofeneofoldeBilae, whola Us sleep waa bound head and foot and tkn led about at the wUl of tats eafloia Be would apfeal to tila to bwat thoie bMds and coaa oot froin the aijismie low gvennd ofthatthosea^ acting with them were paraxitaa.Ohio, (Dem.,) called him to' M„liiir DooouB.„^^|,A*io««mdch»rfBd high crimee »nd mtode-States of thisDemocraticline..He ww f(dlowed In addraaee br Senators Ci.ntaniw and Datii> {be Senate adjooTBed wltluiat an ExacutlraMr. Stivxxs replied that if be knew whatchoiaeaMnenupontbe Demoermcr. Ibarians enteredwere so dignified that they looked like statues. We stars.1^matiwiin speceliesthe privileged class. He recounted the history ofevents from the close of the Mexican war to the pres-ent time, to show that the Democratic Party bad beencompelled to act always in the interests of tbe slave 'TheMexico in order to extend Slavery, and it was to- ar- rest this aggressive policy and to restore the Govern- ment to the policy of its founders, that the Republican Party was organized. They believed that SlaveryAstrugglehasarisen threatenbtig to be fatal to the Goremment itself.saw a men of his masy high and noble traits suffer- it was to ask tlie Republicans to disband, he said that A New-Haven, was idiBwiiiTWII.r 'Power.Slavery propagandadesired Cuba andthe Union would be they dissolved,and all theierlIencdtiuosn-clamatlon, as follows: Wa. Governor,-sac^jnuaa ta racoreTtDg Its n&ity. After aUe andhimself to remain another hour in sneh a firm and decided, bntfroia Uesns. BoraLxa and R^', Kr. EtBaBiii«a made soma hamoraas remarks, mM'lnitnrt by twposing that for the next two vote wlihoat speaking. TUa was iillflnil thit •P't Hause agreed, bf common con- aai^to hare at least tkree ballots each day—the olaosa being left unsettled. Some now ezfreningpositionMr. BccsAiTAX was a politician as well as a states- thought onlywayParty of the North w as for the South to frighten themstrongly conaerraHekifbtt haimtav.itttaHhtlifat —book w bich he M ()ofNorwichspaaikiBa• hsp* ttat an election nay l>e effected, as all the of the Territories could prohibit Slavery. On these AaierleanPartybutMr.Datis,ofHaryland,agreeto pointshebadjoinedIssuewiththeDemocraticParlyTheRepublicans say they carry««• terlfr. Sam, of North Carolina, who will beaoadnatlon to-isaiTow by Mr. Gnjoa, whowill continae to ad-notwithstandingprivate virtues, could never to stale tbe of theHe Republicaa Party.K. FIsler, of New-BarenpMiB'wl^Mlraws.kan to Mr. Saaaiuv.them.liberty and bostiiity to Slavery and oppression throughout theA Beard of Surrey, to consist of Llent-Col. A. C. Unas and Soigaon E. B. A»ai>i», will convene in - S>wi-Orl«aas liiimiiiilataty, to report upon the dispo- aMaatobemade of certain nnserrlceable property t to the Subsistence Department, to be sub-under tbe recognized In the New. He maintained paper referred to the other day, and pledged himself mission,—thatsun. Buttheyclaimednosuch to the Father of men.3d—James of'..BB will be ignored by bothparties iuBngland. Quite assaults will be repelled and retaliated by sons ' ' asnrtsastaeakhasoeeurredintheCabinet Iwtween who will not dishonor fathers whc^- fought atganislcg and revolutionary, and gise iha lieZ^tuaancm and Lord Joax Kussxll, on the IsthmusThough struggle, they would not abandon It In dishonor. Mr.'fore tbem. At best these''to discharge her constitutional obligations.Mr. BoTtLXB recognized the fact that the GovernorThe latter ofSclal has addressed a .tHtaote to our Goremment In reply to our demanddisorganizers, dimnionists, imil^liiia ganization, be did not stand here to-day to make any suits, or is engaged in agriculture. He would have tive law as Fugi- peace and good government to our countrT' by tbeI is Cam, BBderstand,preparinga rejoinderequallypyrotechnic display of glitteriog generalities,1)<50,and whether be believed the power depends alto- tion of Americantkapwlae-sfiey.M. Maicixx, the new French Minister, has takentta residence in Georgetown lately occupied by Ceuat SAaiKss.Madam* Bosisco attended the President's levee lastwhich, howevermight difficultwere ingethersovereigntyof tbe States ornot•tcning, In her Court dreu, valued at t30,0<K). aases stared.The Q.hope that the inteUigent patriotism of the nation would rebuke the mad exhibition of folly and fanaticism which would shiver the Union into fragments, and proclaim in the language of Jacxsox, " The UnionIladnotFennsylvatiiaactedlikeasisterSlater Had ef-naomoairtitiirtfaial,wtw^kattfvS^^LmJuoTWASHmaroii, Wednesday, Jan. 29. Dead letters, instead ot being returned here wlthla six months, as heretofore, are now returned within hall that period of time, thus proportiooally facilitating the restoration of valuables to their o?vn- •rs, as well as preventing the Inconvenient accarau- lation of such lettos at the various post-offices. This aw aiTsngement works well. The Postmaster-Geu- •ralsDggests an alteration in^the law, to return tbsmwithin a still shorter space of time.The official documents submitted to the Senate onthe call of Mr. Smrasa embrace the correspondenceef our Minister to Rome with the Papal Government,of Pennsylvania dld'do his duty fully and fairly, and by peoplethe Union.*eimceming the outrage on the family of Mr. Pib- xss and Mrs. DoAsa, at Perugia, and show the final aettlement of that atfair by Cardinal .^iitoaxLLi.ment and .senlim'nt upon all questions ; but It vvas Sawabd, would dare to come to the South to interfere.expected, the country demanded and patriotism re- quired, that they should remember In coming hereKo formal proposition has been made by Spain forserve,Joan difficulty, which, it is aoon approach a settlement-lol^^tlm has been received here, that a resolu-resultingband ol heroes, and their rallying cry was, " A beeline for Boston."arrangaiaantsiofWm waa introduced into the Senate ofIha Ihb last, to send a Commissioner to thetodication they could giveISooth.on Leglsla- » af Tirgljiia, In view of tha Impending danger toTheir own homes were but safe,theyofliberty by readingtor. Then Gaixisos was the teacher of the Senator, and:Gabxisoi bad avowed " No union with slavehold-"aaat these resolutions, though he might not agree He had respect for sincere f;inatli'», but the wonls.SENATE.WAsanoios, Wednesday, Jan. 25. Oregon, (Dem.,) presented the pro-alwayspleasure.*»— M. Hautsx, Wednasday, Jan. F.Mr. Laki, of«sedlBgsof the Union Meeting In New-York, andThe Constitution Is a covenant with death,their march of six hundred miles In thirty days. How tbey were met as they neared the point of desdnation. Wasbibotoii himtelf met them and recognized theread a letter from the of Secretaryfading of unkindness. He was as muchay one at the expression of patriotic sentiments.assought to demolish it, and the history of the Govern-ment would show that fact The Senator from Mas-aocbusetts should not arraign the South, especiallySouth Carolina, while his own State nullified a con-stitutional law. He defended the legislation of New-bad risen upon them.They could hear tbe shrieking-youSpeakerpresideWedaasday, Jan.SS.Mr. Laxi said If it was not ih-Mjrder to receive the reaolQtios, he hoped they would be-incorporated In tt* ramaiks tie had made.which threatened to burst in desolation on them ; andthey saw at this critical moment that a band of muti-the of the neers had resolved to wrest governmentNew-York Herald from the galleries, was based onthe outrageous attack in that paper on members ofthis House. He presumed that every man had eitherter.] If we get into a general debate, we shall have more excitement. He appealed to bis own friends, and to the Republican and Democratic parties.the will leave for Washington te-aonow. of*^" Senate,HU to-morrow. If the practice of the Senate had not been what he had supposed he would withdraw all objection.dispossessattack ever made on whom Mr. Ethbbidgx called his friends ? He had ap- trial Is soon to place Virginia,Mr. Davis, ofOt properlyweretbcmfclvts In regard to the bcit mode of salliag theWasobtained a certificate from the telegraphic operator, with the consent of tbe reporter, in which it was said that these wordswere notasked. He claimed every man tor his friend whoonMr. Lass withdrew theandMr. of FxssisDxs,ship.rightasagainstfor infringing his rights byS^'J",*^'^. the sale of etesttc vulcan.gothe files of the Senate.paper.Mississippi, (Dem.,) thoughttheyengagedstrugglehas an honest (ace .md wbo could read and writespeak the English language, and does not spell **con- TheSt. Locis, Wednesday,Mississippichargeviolating compromises, and vindi-lators to anUc ipate the public report at aqj fiiat watt ' ~~ 'the meeting, stat- lag that the citizens of that City are true to the Con- atttnUOB and the Union, and wish the fact known,was the language of Mr. Ion expressed the pleasure it gave him to pre- one who stcks to c,rry war Into a neighboring Stale.the right bank of the Potomac. And how, as Wasii- they would willingly follow the example If ;whAettTfwordtheiainecntalned. Hehopedthese eatings were indleatiire of a soond sentiment at the" slave power," in the Senator from MassachusettstheythoURht, and he among the number, th^t best return tbe North could make for this heroic band? that they have bad a fair bearing ; they might be arrived.thn,e who had been saved had shown too much diipnt-itif-ii to interfere uilli the man.igement oi tlicHe asked what was meant by tlic HoTth, and that they would continue to be held. He aggression of the Slave power! Did the Senatorruntheirway lieied country as had been said, they fullyBMvad that the resolutions be read.lb. Hau, of to New-Hampshire, (Rep.,) objectedmean to inflame prejudices ! He would not be placedaIn a false position. He saw dark veil hanging overwelcome on board, they could not be allowed to pressible conflict ? Was it an irrcpies.sible cunflic. ? concluiiion ihat there was not finally to be aa organi-noon, with twenty-four paamgaiaUverpoal, aadAatr leeeption, on the giound that the Senate had the future. He would preserve the Union which our aaretofore refused to receive a mere record and ex- fathers established, but could not sacrifice his honor •leaslon of opinion which required no action at the or consistency. The distmionists are those who sap kaadsof this body. He made thedone more of tbe speaking than all the rest of theobjectionIn nothe foundations of the GovernmentThe South neverwards the breakers on a lee shore, and the stormuntil they should succeed, and enter upon the duties for which they were sent here.[Laughter and cries of " Agreed."] If yoaconaentCASK. Boeroa,to appear before the Haroer's Feiry CaaualtteegratifiedMr. AsaiiOES, wbo said that the resolution he intro-Mr. Bau suggested that the subject be laid over Mexico as such as any honest man would give to hisship from their hands to ;them of theirseen or heard o(^ it He was free to say that It was Mr. BocuGSY, of Louisiana, (Am.,) wanted to know Mr. GxoBflx Sximorr, counsel for Sraraass, sshoeaIt couldwhilein theamongJan. SS. in the ca?es brought by HoaxCTMaine, (Rep.,) presented ame-aaartal for the payment of the mileage of David C reached the reporters' gallery. He was un-Those interpolations have me placedMr. Uoi-LiG.vT, who speaks with a French accent, In a replied that bis friend did not include him, becausewasbetor.lostrious men, to .-.how that at the time of the adopwUhed to offer a resolotlon that the reporten at Ikatea oabase. aad ke wanld say farther (hat the Com-wera to be-appMod *» &<>- ^ would held the indi-r^^lcock crowed befoia TUmUUtItboilingRepublic.South-Much confusion prevaUed proceedings.New- York Ilermti be eipeUed from the gaOniee. Ilodesired and anticipated its extlRgulsbment said he simply bad tbe resolatlon read (br latbma- buckled OB ber armor for defence, an" ^* [Laughler.3 Tiehad heldwas a moral, social and political evU, and reason was given for this resolution. Mr. Amnia ttOB that this shall be the end of It, for she hadlion of tie Federal ConsUtution they slaverythatosweallh ef Vlrglala had come to the deteimina-vidual jperaonallyraipaBilhia.^SSTuSSSfS: After a caU of tbe Hause a rolethat theyTbe firet Governmentmen,andalltbeprincipalappointeesoftheAdmlais- •eattoletitHeover.tration of WABHin«Toif entertained the same opinions.He contrasted that state of public opinion with thatexiBtliig at-the present day. Tbe mails dally brought rect of bts historical After arm, so long as this Republican organizatloaMr. AsanoKi—Mo, mar eacape.UjQ^tAthe of the DemocraticParty, whichand say that those acting with tbe Southern men areface with the very existence of the Republic. The BaaanA*, and from his soul he pitied liiin. It satellites, revolving r.,iuid tbem acoordisig- to thelaw were men of Intelligence andof a Republican President as awhich had been played In 1650, and was to be re- peated DOW. The Northern Democrats who were fa. tlgulng the weary ear of the country with worn-out professions of love for the Union, dared not rebuke the disloyal threats of their leaders, and wereto contlnne the destinies of the country In the handsrulewould beaplurality sneaking vote forpow-5?W ^~:?.\,^'- Calef, of Mlddletown"I for their Uupeeti<m by Capt C. L. Kilbcxs. of men who avowed their Intention to rule or ruin."no stain on her no blot on her escutcheon- bill was about to pass, which we were satisfied would laws of name, nations gave them no such power in tbe one case nortuUon ana every threat to serertbe UnioaliT'ihBatiaor demagogues m all Df the UnloB. parts-~ Jtd«ia«hmaat of Biounted rlfemen, under Lieut. .I^MBT, is ordered to^ort Craig, and a detachment '^kiar Uaut. Juzsoa to Fort Stanton. Lieut Wie- mm, ef be Topographical Engineers, is assigned toHe quoted from many of the members of the South— 8uiiiu.,.Toiis8,Mabohandothers—toshowthatthey had threatened a dissolution of tbe Union in the event of Fkxhosi'b election. During the present session weeks had been expended with reference to the elec-an agreement, and bmdlnjg ourselves, each to the can toParty interferewiththoselostltuUons,anditisregarding it as the wicked and fcBUful tbepresent strife.iim 'of lit,Capt. W. K. Tah BoKXXLXii, Assistant-Quarter- '-austar, was to hare appeared before tbe Cotirt of In- "'-IfBtryinHew-Mezleo last month. In consequence «fftascarcityofeominNew-Mexicotherations for kanea and mules hare been reduced. Company K .«f tte Mounted Riflemen has been ordered from Fort Tkisa, on account of the scarcity and high price ofJssage, and takes post at Fort Bliss.IWspatrhes received here ladlate that the Reformadoptedavflse Republican Party,on it? Republican Party that every law must be obeyed unless it becomes soJK^attheHead-quartersDepartmentinNew-Mexi-tionnextFall.HereferredtotheremarksofMr.nomoreSlaveSutes—whoInsistthatshall be confined ts Its present area, that the institu- tion may die by starvation and suffocation. But the South asks no from mortal man or"not intend to leave the but were for a Capitol, readygeneral colllBlon—a bloody struggle In the halls of Congress. In reply to this tbreat, he had to sAy tha' Northern Senators would not be intimidated by it. They were here not to fight, but to legislate but he;would give the Senator from North Carolina notice that, should they be assaulted here with deadly In- tent, while In tbe discharge of their duties, thoseSlavery ents be could go with the full assurance that the po- deem to do so. Whde womd"Mr. Wilson was glad to hear the dental.Mr. Clinouaii, of North Carolina, (Dem.,) said Massachusetts for the last seventeen years had nulli- fied the Fugitive Slave la-x. Men haa to take oaths to support the Constitution, and tbe laws of that Stale require a man to perjure himself before he can holdas varied as the in which lived, regions theyMr. FLOsijscE, of Pennsylvania, iDem.,) wished to will return to Cmcinnati on Friday,propound to Mr. 5=riPiiE>8 a question of hgures. He the Ohio Legislature and State oScen. They wUl behad uiideistood that his colleague was once a scli-ioL-Mr. .SrevESB replied "Yes," and he was proud of through the principal streets to Piss's Opera Uoose.1'did not say anything aboutJVorlhern white slaves."ments,li was not to beaccompanied bfservices of no State l&d been exaggerated so much as;Auii-Slavdeirdy not care for tbetion. These politicians negro,fromthecated the repeal of the Missouri Compromise andthe course of the Senator from IllinoisHe quoted from the speech of Mr. WiLsox,w}ia4aid he owed much of bis love of tbe Litura-ers ;"and an agreement with hell." But he believed there are la the Bay State enough Democrats to-day to drive back, hand to hand, these men. He argued that the speerh of thp Senator from Massachusetts was an en- couraKemcnt to JcitN Br.owzf. Ithe would the floor yieldto him. Jle thought friends—there wasspeechIn Faneull Hall, shows that he wanted mere-in coUiJon with tbe conflict and '-irrepressibleDlrAETCEI or TBI ZITROPA.BosToa, Wednesday, Jan. 25.powerand spoils.ship, and had told these men lijal, tliough they weit- vvtiy should this nation be rent in pieces by this irre- heard. He presumea n-j gentleman h.id cnme to the The Royal Mail Steamship Btavft aailad atneighbor. Adjourned.HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES.WASBraoTOS, Wedne.'day, Jan. 25. Mr. Bbistow, of Kentucky, (American,) spoke in so low a tone that but few of his wordspealed first tocomposedof AntI-SlaveryIf any one desired to discuss it. lie would 04ai- Mr. KxiTT, of South Carolina, (Dem.,) roee to replywere htistUng with bayoaets.ftUk'of ker sister States, but she had been leceatiybim as toindignities perpetrated on freemen guilty of no crime, stood his opinions, Mr. Ksirr said they werefniy^wouldpenUtindesiringabridgelibertyofthe Ttva.unless it was a crime to cllnir to the opinions of thefathers of the Republic. The Post-officement in half of the States was at theof ianatical Pro-Slavery postmasters.ei^agad Were the Ameri- cans, oatriotlc, strong, honorable and loyal to tileaeeomidislMd T had Kansas Tlieychecked. ought totnstnjmentalltywas forced to carry the flag and bear the burdens of countiy is on trial for life.was with woBder aad amaseaent that be of sterllnf chaMeMl^ gravitation. [Laughter.] Afterstatinghowonfair E.R.FosTxa,ofwas local and sectionalsuflkiently used, a word from the whowoulddoIt.forthenbewouldlookupona notorganizetill thecrackofdoom. [Criesof Krtt;that or the Congresspeoi>ledenounce the act No man had stood fended that book. He yetopand de-IsWldte House will organlxe the House. We should,Tbewhich had been overthrown in nearly all the Free States.Mr. WtuoH pronounced the threats of Southern men to dissolve the Union in tbe event of the election"FugitiveJxrrxssos acquired Louisiana, but they didtraitor. The fiom Ohio, gentleman'•Good" fiom the sida Republicanthat be hoped the first fruits of a collisionproper they not inter-Clav,might be reaped here,'*that those wlio favored a dissolution of the Union didsition he had taken would be sustained and indorsed.But he went the that he had a npon presumptionfere with Slavery m the States, do claim that thethey as well as the mraslcmBunker Hill and at conquered;Saratoga. reluctant to enter upon such afrom the wraters of the "Aroostook to Mr. CLE^Kits, of Virginia, iDcm.,) thought Mr. i?TB- Mexico, vxns was putWn.80N then referred to thedisloyal speechesto the or sectional the farmer feel as he scatters his seed, that next to Slave it exists, and if in favor of Its re-election of a President the oppeeUe in ererriar of the Incambent presentTbe elglilh resalatfoa fiarors a tariff forindustry.The ninth resolution fkvors a Homestead bfir.Tbe tenth resolution eondemns tbe aetiao of the so-commented on the remarks of Messrs, Pstor, Ciebt PuoB, Moors, Botcs and others, and the disunion sentiments uttered by Democratic Presses IndiScrcnt States of the Union. The American Democracy, led and controlled by Slavery propagandists, stood before the nation as the entniy i)Iengage any has a friend in the Government He was enliiely opposedcounted the wrongs it had perpetrated in Kansasmust and shall be preserved."During his speech Mr. Wn.so!f read an extractfrom the speech delivered by Mr. Itersos la GcorgU, In which it was said that " tlieconuitijnof the .ifr;iv.i.i slaves of the South was better than that of the white slaves of the North."Mr. IvsEsox, of Georeia, (Dem.,) denied tbe correct- ness of tbe report. He did say that African Siaiery improved the condition of the poor white man. but bewere but like Summer lightnings, and while they Mr. 11A1.Z, of Pennsylvania, asked what interest of to a fair law. He was for giving the South anoppor- Nationaland elsewhere, and Nosed the by expressingVirginia the PennsylvaLii members had infringed? tunity to reclaim their slaves. Ha iMdiand tha lawPH*&*^^disunion farce,"onlyKeUogg, ofhuman lie re- progress.displaystopursued by tbe RepubUeans of tbitThe eleventh resolution anprorea of tb-e ea—&fot Aa—organizewould be to call the roll and take a vote.m Kaxapeaa BaaaisiWi.--c -< -..- <Depart- mercy Fami-t>.SUle. gaatle- saeb,craUc; free negroes were oflTer- iUostrioos memories,a^Omm^timia^wHlloggressions, and stand before the bar of history with Mr. Coi.rAX, of Indiana—Suppose an approprialloa their serfs and the South ber slaves. Bnt theHis advice was to prepare for dissolution. If ttie be used by tbe Federal Administration for corrupt the ConsUtution in the other. He denied that there The second and thud~i«ealiitlae* ilwuilj .Huiiljit exigency must come, she will be ready. If not, Ae purposes, would you justify us as a minority m signing ts any desire or intention on the part of the Republi- and condemn the repeal of tlie Hlssoori Cmtmmtm,Mr. Dopolab.SaaaaaiCK. .Referred.Mr. PaAXOI, ofOoatoUlthavacancyIntheBoard ceeoings,butinit hadbeen^f^ restraining the defendhata^BlthaoBian Institute with the name of the Vice Tnaldeat Ad<^>tad.He had been to silence for disposed keepf.-om Mr. DAf--Mr. Bxaini'* resolutions that theofing^ ,know night, which dcftroyed tbe dry-gD04a ia^ftilitaMattkecommonMr. Wusoa, of Massachusetts, <Rep.,) spoke.Mr. Wnjoa oaanBenesd by referring to tbe fact ttat whan this Repoblie eBtered upon Its existence itprqmrtyofalltheStates cameJ ^^derstood todeprecate the extremesof bothsuchfroelalmed to the world the equality of man. Now, Fwrsonal eiplonation, denjlng the truth of a dis- yet be had forborne to speak upon the subject Not long as this building stands.Antl-Lecomptonilesof W; W; VuMsr.tte book-in Us eighty-fourth year it {oasentedthe humiliating patch in the New-Yorkapactacle of a nation distraoted discussionsl>y grow-ing -out of the of Ibur millions of men. bandageed toHerald, that he Intend- propose the adoption of the pluralityMa- ties more than he did, and no one had listened with the best to the last. Those outsiders have thingsand Insured forColdThe8LWiuoa, ageof of tbe Tancto naud Sioux ladlj^.b^E»«>Twhere In the United States aa Irrepressible con- ujuder such a Wet wsa now onconnected with that event, and would, In proper purgation at the proper pi ice. The official ofwere called often.up very Cl-iH? ";m.ctWaiKthh» Weatward. BT.1jobn, VTednesday, Jan. 3S-statesoftheSLf° uL*''TM'*'"'8its as traitors,usinglanguagefouland ing they had been with aJoseph, (Mo.) ffaieWe says that,Tjf.F.* '""^ ^—eaea and tieedom of thedispatch, proposedthe candidatesdrop receivingboughtrefrained from the Press, ami if gentlemen do not likejust that he torir^ theiie, andreports tb^]i^ifharrZ^* J fdelivennce. "'^eextrabiSiTcoldOnthemountslnsithethttnaflntefla*rule would be gomg on this qaastioD. In fifteen should never vole for or favor it inorganAdmmistration, the Consiitutinn, had so far for- purpose was to get the House in goodUnion the privileged class of slavehold-dlcated tliat theresolution he intended to offer, frompec^ sojj'", V*,TM^gfnconstitutional right of freedom ofwhich hauan successive ballots toWhenhe had heard gentlemen refer deridlngiy to that infa- is to fall, let it fall on aU Uaellers. He was a friendsupportof Its the Interests,probably emanated themost the tongue sometimes falls and falters.^ ?TM•Jen to tta yaaent. and qnoted the opinions oW* below sero."^ mo • nrtaT M African•be Press toTft.«^Wiej»"«WAMXNiw, JnmVf, Mambos, andstrike back, they should themselves with- hold the blow. The of the Herald was notshouldi^J°""'^the twowhich wouldvent to hisback to that darkbe^tept->>v_,,^,The Federal Gov-the lowestrowed down tosarily result In an election aoffreedomoflorVsafeuiuc^ l'J.%rbrn'o^o'?e debha^vela~ in"Press.departments was under thenumber of votes, nnlU the contest Is nar-mous outrage, hegivinghadwith difficultyand his mind hadsho^d'apfiaicont^ jXJd*jSereThe snowAeep. Tbe Indtana wMTpaMSa.ScalcaatlaB af Pn& BeaWMjJftdi^jtdar. Jaa. P-top IffAmi^dM EhNfPerSlavery In this oouatry:many other U-Mr. AmvfU, Of SouthCarolina, (Dem.,)aald heaginationof the Blareqaestlon v^asthe true cause ofin a fairThomas M. Tryniski 309 South 4th Street Fulton New York 13069and impartial report If any such languageMr.EiEXBinox suggested three1. .-^.r-j: f..5^v iii.-in HarraidCgllage..::«Mr. shed WooBBoic, of Missouri, (Dem.,) rose to abyrtiffians In the streets ofHarper'spaperagainto be admittedstoreMr. Ethxbioob thanked the gentleman. When the.y store of BiEzB & PAtaam,- and 'the law-oOea oftloa.to someof ttie arguments of Mr. Coawn, aad ts cor-nothingrightMr. Smith, of Not&Tbe cSifiS^Vii^-SIn a great drama and not a farce.country, engaged in the farce f Were tbe Demo wkowaio eoesertatlfe. The dislianiakedprotect dltioii of tbe House.I>arty,with theirlies were banishedentered « defence for ed the alternative of banishment or Slavery. AnttLecoffiploniles, wiio carry out vrhat they believe or woold approve of the sentJTnti he that the eeothem men were the Democratic Party,In- dependent of party orgaalzatlons, enga^ In the farce? The very capltol was Invaded when tha bar-olusing such language.are in the engagedemrt^Wli State being repreieoted, and (be _.Rome,irhete the of the Ualoa aoati with all flaglanguageits He bad Hataaed to tlie -attampted ex- great drama of standing face to {daaation of the Republican candidate, Mr.Mr. Tailaucmbaii he should use it Bnt prelenedif the laagnsge was ofliessive he would withdraw it,Conrentlon was rery large, neariymaintained, it was established under the Old Testa- Mr. SaxiaAif. Be was one of those wbo signed theupon brows, thry repTe.«ented interests, opinions and senti-imperfectly heard,and to which 51r. SitVEss re,-)iicJ, "I don't know, Legislatures protherefore, that there should publican leaders, that theybe unanimity of opinion and concurrence ot judg- not a leader among them, from Faxn. Docgl.^ss to master.received at the dipfit by the militaiy, and esceitedI wish you had been one 1I Ike aettlement of our claims against her, bat her dls- office there. In I i^iO, Massachusetts had three times to obey. Wh?t a spectacle had been presented was executed at CLarlestow-n wept at the sight of Mr. Flobbkcc rejoined— You w-ould have found me I ithattheyhaveacountrytohead, party that Slavery is a <'urse. Young Corwc, who of my pupils, [Laughter.]aswellasaas recently expressed, is considered highly as many ciimlnals as there were In the whole South to the country and the world for the last the happy groups of ncsro slaves in tbe streets, -and Incorrigible.poeftlon,£sv<»able to that resulL and this, he thought, was due to their legislation.England for the last two weeks, in relation to the San actions in the Revolution. He read a paper to show was Ms iiride and pleasure to net there were three Not a man of that parly except BaowN himself was question ; How ts ii nossible, wuh even tbe power of ion all sides, will that Mr. Wilsos avowed Abolition sentiments. The organizations— the Democratic Party, the Southern over 30 years of age, ana ad liad Imsibcd their fanat- the Administratioo. to effect an organlzi'jon ? Theto be a Great euthuslasm prevails on the subjectseven \vtfl,s, by those sent here to1ble, iU used, and ready to clutch at any cliancc for Mr. Florbkci-My colleague sneaks about thegovernOar Government has received no dispatches from Massacbuset'.s orators always eulogize that Stitc's great Innd. 0;i tie side of the House with which It fretdoin. Upon whose head was the blood of Coppic ? opinion of the White House. I ask a mathema.icalThe Halifax Telegraph lAae mad ikeSar*- peao News.Sacxvuli, N. B., Wednesday, JiB.ff9. Although the sharcliolders of the Nora Scotiaaspported by his friends, as formerly, in a solid equals. Suppose that Innodent men had suSered a* potent in influence, and must be recognized as a party. to ride into power,eolmnn. All tbe votes cast for Mr. Booocs were from the South. No mobs ever get up to prevent men re- They knew, and the world knew, that it was only by chusetts Representatives, one of w-hoiTi (Mr, .Adaus) Mr. FtoxB-iC!; repeated bis question, to which emphatic ally condemned the conduct of Meaara. Coos-tke Democratic side. The Soathem opposition, with claiming their property.the exception of Messrs. Davis of Maryland, Etas- Mr. Davis agreed with the Senator from North hope to beat down the Republican Party, to which they county, lie bad a right to appeal to these do it [Laughter.] connection with tbe private news speculalsts, aad byBsaoaand Bonus, voted for Mr. Shith of North Carolbna. He repeated that If men seized the Gov- all, no doubt honestly, professed opposition. Com Massachusetts men or to the people behindMr. Fi.oaB.NCB desired to know how his colleague a really unanimous vote turned tbem out of office, yetGaroliaa, together with Messrs. Clask of Maine, Ds-Oaaaxm, Kxm, Pxxoa, Smtth of Tlrglnia.and Tatlox,DaoMcrats. Mr. Datis, of Indiana, received six would never submit if driven into exUe. The Sena- 'vaUs, and twenty- seven votes were divided amongtwdre other gentlemen.puwer carryI]of theto the Associ-ernment with hostility to the South, she would re-put County, Virginia,It appears that the obligationsCompanydress the wrong with her strong right hand. She tor from Massachusetts had no right to call them se-stituents.out what they professed anxiously to desire. This Not more than a rifle shot from hlsowq residence was Mr. Flokixcx thought that if his colleague did not ispeculators are suchaspossiblycompelThe Republican Partv seceded at theparty pride to interfere with their patriotism. Therecessionists.last election practically. He defended the Southwould be no eleclionside of tbe House, unless there was^ a cordial and ahearty union. Tbey were all on the same gloriousold ship which their fathers built and launched rescue^,JJefore they left their rendezvous they madeon the sea of national existence. Their fa- a mutual pledge that all the survivors of the band Tne congregation here was as large as was usuallyhere f naUblned together, they had a majoiity and tbe in their own bands, and yet they bad failed tothem to down this sectional party, for JelTersooknew- so much about the President.Mr. Stivbsb said the President w as one of his con-vt as because they had allowed and party prejudiceof those at the base of a gallant men,his better than tbe White |constituentsThe AnurKs's ito w news,.--VA"»-V^^^ ^->r^.^But from year to year thfy had beaten the drum of Abolition in tbe Pii!pit and the Press, in season and out of season; teaching the rising generationHe had several hopeful boys, of whom his col-wheretheTheGoremorsaidhehadbeen to believe weremisera- — this taught they Mr. SsTEVBBBagreedOn the vote to-day for Speaker, Mr. SaxaxAn was those of Massich',:se"tts. Tl>e other States were her for the latter, though insignificant la number, was but bad used this agi'a'ion as a mere political hobbya union of these tliree that they could represented an liistoric name, he was reminded Mr. .STivsNS replied—if my colleague ami five otherorganizations of an incident in the history of his own men get a little sick and step out of the House, we'll wBti, MoBTos, and their associate Directcaa, fv tiwlrOpjMjsllion Party, and the Anti-Lecompton i'artyicism from tbe agitationof this genera-Democrats have ninety men, an dred and nineteen votes to eleci.1it a requires hun-the rendezvousweeksnearly due at Halifax, will be expreaaed to ttals pUoehill, w here a beautiful spring wells up in the sunshine, in the success of that and there, on the 10th of June, 1775, assembled thata sister was in colonyan her borders Heretofore ihe hadtotalalagtliatorganlsatlaBT What good end could he H roBS into fraud and licenUousaess it oo^ ta bethe Northmaia- already, for,theFor the sake ot our honor and duaity waskaaMtterereaaMHa kaew ttcie were aooie ameag tke BapoblicansIt would be as a Free splendid achlevemenu and maa from Oale, Mr. Coswia, eutaad to be;Tbe bUl of Indictment against the South Is that be slued tbe Helper book, it seemed, at solicitation man, wbo the to aid the Democratic pervaded the Convention, aad the ntmoatSlavery Is Immoral, unjust and a crimeof a and tbe assurance tliat It would friend, uponpecuniary objection- lieved ibis wholeand good feeling preraUed.Tbe present Stale otEcers were renondBatadhf ae-and second- ly, that this is a consolidated National Democracy. He conceded that the sentiments of tbe fathers of the Republic were Anti-Slavery, but what did they do ?;coataln nothing objectionable, as it would be pre-pared under the dl'ecilon of a Committee of the Re-publican Pany. That Committee had put lorth a trial sndr.S. denouncedasmostFresh from the battle fields of the Revolution, they able and treasonable, and hadtheret>y made him their ill the White House, and followed as be UH, of Hartfordnotrestrictcreature of localtherein. Assentiments and made a Pro-Slav-Be wss told mat If this menace was taken off all those who had ibos been Imposed upon would rise up andDemocrats of the North eningoldwomenaadmeninpettiooats. Wnenthissubordinated theirery governmentout tbe policy of the foonders of the government but while they profess the sentiments, they cover up the actaofthosemenwhomadetherepeated,by fright-law,'and yet he submits to It ! victim, tool, and dupe—of Treasurer, Luoici J. Hiaiixx, of Hebno^ 1ery sentiment against the Sooth is pressing on the if necessary, before be woold give bis sanction to any of foreign nations or the Insdtutions of the New-MlUbrd.barriers of the Republic. She would resist those rote upon tbe plurality I esolQtloB while he feared Its sister States of this Republic They could Tile first resolution declares that «• wSI ^ment,sndCespousm;althat this Is a Federal Government. The Anti-Slav- to stand here day and night, and eat and drink here claimed no belontgoedInterfere with They S. Tweedy, of Danbnrymaad George <L right tbe InslitudonsprotectionShe will protect herself with her own right hand-lies exists in Congress and nowhere else.power- She would drive back the hordes of Northern minionsresolved to stand by these until principlestheyawith insurrection.of Its cttlzens aswho advance mightagainsther. ShewillmarchonThe seventh resolution declares that tha t'lrtratl conslantly made by leading Deoooiatai la atf oot of Congress, to dissolve the Unioo in case of tte elec- tion of a Republican President which tbiaai* rsseiTe no rebuke from the DemocraUe Presc, or at anyfurther and further South, and around nerwill be cussion of this kind, but rather to hold out theflagthan the sunbeams around theolive branch. He to conservative appealedgen- Repub- tleman If he held It expedient to exercise power toWhen he saw here these Massa-Mr. SrBVX^6—I don't think they ever will, [Laugh- ter,]was the first to send Southern troops to Massachusetts during ihe Revolutionary struggle.tbeII, and they marched to the .should assemble on that spot fifty years from thatthe of their desire to countryperof litis station.thers fiunished a chart and sailing directions, andthey bad dlfiered honestly among themselves as to thebest way to sail the ship, and the meaning of thechart They all agreed that the ship was originally their march from their own lips. How they made and now. If any gentleman had anything aew ship America, now due at this port with UrefpootIt was his to be present at tbe re- pleasureto whichday.assemblage, when three old men, the survivors of that band, gathered on the spot and he heard the story ofheonly pain he suffered was when they had too many of them. They had heard a great many new things,built to be, under T rovldenoe, the life-boat of theworld, and they had been, from time to time, savingthe poor wretches who came to tkcm upon rafts and ilnsey-woolsey hunting shirts of old Virginia. How way of debate and proceed to vote. [Applause.] He The steamship A'osa Scotson ia sow {idly -duoplanks from the wrecks of tbe eld world. Some of be embraced tlieir leader, bis old comDanlon in arms, would venture to say for the Republicans, inasmuch here with Liverpool dates of the Uth Inst., but haathese had come swimming and crying for succor. Capt STBVISS05, when be reported himself from as tbey had evinced a dlsixisition to be silent thatnot been signalized up to the present time.They had saved theiu all, and given them a iifGTuN shook bands silently with one and another, are not willing to do this, let them say so, or forever On Tuesday night, a pilot-boat outside threw op a full share in their venture,- but some had tears rol'ed down his cheeks. Was Joes Baows the after bold their peace. The Democrats will not deny rocket causing tbe supposition that the steamsr hadboldthetillerorhandletheropesuntiltheyhaveIt would be the darkest day for this nation when thiszation. TherecordsshowthattheDemocratshavefor twenty-one for HaUfaz, bataoapeele.The very rock in the Potomac upon which Lbk.man wasshotdownwastraversed bythisbandofpatriotsin crossiLg the river on their to Boston. Now mightquestion was to be decided by the bloody arbitramentbeen on board long enough to tell one rope from of arms. He hoped discussion would now cease, and House together. By common consent then vote two another. While they had been discussing these that they would make an effort by a succession of bal- weeks for Speaker, and if one should not in the mean-things, tbe old ship bad been drifting to- lots to organize tbe House, and go on from day to day time be elected, then speak two weeks longer. DB. HOWS ADD THX BIHATI OOMOTTMl—WIWIMItoof the storm-spirits, and sec the gathering clouds duced this morning for expelling the reporters of the twelve calendar months after the electloit [Laugh- It is understood that Dr. 8. E. Hows, aoBonnedrights and of their property to drive them ;anyman inanv deliberative assembly, and in whichcaae «( m» aiere iDdla-Rabber iDjnDcrteiM.par-Maryland, (Dem.,) offered a resolu- ties. Even If an organization of the House Is not suggestion to offer, but he did protest against the a fair, candid and Impartial report of the proconstitution with a h,Tbiat yesterday. Thisuntil the people have time to make another election,on the gentleman from Vireinia, (Paroa) such as hea licenseStore- Destroyed,by Fire et DelmTMj,and send otherhere inwhenSeven weary weeks, although the outrage perpetratedhad never known to be made on- -any gentlemen in anyTerritories are propriations would be made to pay our debts. Ken- upon bis immediate constituents, had furnished the quarter the world. It became the duty of the Mr. ETBBKiDax said he would justify everybody inrepresentatives1861,ap-and have a vote.;Wl>e CmcAOP, WedneadariJ^ag^ 'Senator from bis State (Mr.rule. Believing that the election of a Speaker bos) was engaged in the investigation of all tbe facta the House. H« asked the gentleman to t>eglo the they were called up, and he would say ,it pnvatejy.unconstitutional, anyway. HeheIn- j time, present them fully and fairly for the judgment ofbu"or 'oactthat adistinguishedmora^baln than himself to the attacks on both sides of played the part of Ishmaeiltes, and only spoke wbenOCO,into thebellef that ifventured Into the> -^'' -i-'^ ^^''-"'''.'^5i^'^;^5;^^^-..-is that tlte lnnai»nt tmitedlathetiesoftkecoasangulnityandtltegood Mr.CoLrAX—Asthegestlemaaexemptstlie re- Necessarytoachoice.......taag^ to rely nponbut her own" ,_ ) «aitaken withWhole lumber of voteaTporter, he, of course, blaaaa* #>e Sdller. I do not juAiify any language in the natureaf a paracoal at- tack.'Mr. AsHaoat-1i V-.-v, remainderwerescatteredamnpra^iiiasl'jnot be naderateod asWbaa genaemca. Adjonmad.ourselves. He withdrew the leaola- tloB, as It could not be acted on in the piesaat eoa-Mr.rselndleyied Borxua, jA jFZfilCr'wfaat be cob- HomxAiiofii or cakoisatu ^m,Mr. Older forSijvass, of Pennqrtvaai^ iBasO proceeded to to Mr.The Caoaectlevt KayaVAU.x!(DiaiLui,it.leaguea significant nod of tbereceptionplace.Interests sacrificed.He be-k,'t»mtmt-wasprogramme drawn upBAM,\LientenaatHioreinar, JfUliCia.'to aid the out,Secretary Wm. H. Bcxii, of Cnnton.SiaM, ;prcgrammewould like to see the man be said, stand by Mr. Sasaitui if the House do tlon, for the State at large, were ctloatB: ""'worth andbe elected Speaker of this House, because of bis cooneetlon with that book, for it was well understood that a rote of ttie)proceeded;personalprinciplesThey are founded in the love of universallasd,ofUamptomj 4th—A. UharfMa. B.BoUey,afDUtrict Deugaia~F\itt Coogrentoaal OMSt^S.ag- adoption would result in the election of Joes SHSSH.ur. wish that Russia and Turkey would liberate uipon eveiyaltempt to disobey or vfolate tbaCgwti^»illhavethe history of theand (ilgmatlze the Fugitive Slave law, andlnslst on Mr. BoTZLBK said the gentleman was to meet his intoleiabl* as to justify rebellion. While there is tfaecitiz<nsof any oneormoraStatea #ltk ttalwia- tbe Wilmot Proviso, and that there shall %e own responsibility before his conBtitucuts and he was liberty of speech there Is no power which can prevent tuiiOES of another, and deoiaiaa that wa vlH 4t^»t.precaution. He reviewed other, that we would by factious opposition prevent a stem, infiexlble principle of thewho condemn a voteThe fourth reaolotioDbra civilizationmotmtain spread. Her destiny will be fulfilled, and among whom be met for tbe first time in twenty yearssome of his to abandon their sec- college classmates,tional oreBniz:ition. He came here to act with them for the protection of American industry, but bon-brighterlicans from Ohio, Pennsylvania and New-Jersey,abolish Slavery in the District of Columbia? an 1"Mr. BoisLia, of Virgitla, (Am.) said he bad noapplydockyardsDemocratic brand that meeting,pasty as ^dlMr-thendamned be he who first cries Hold, enough^!"U(to meet his, and when he went back to his constitu- tbe ofutterance tbesethingswhenevertheymayeppoeea anymajority on his side, and that the other side was theminority and facLionlst side. Ttiey were sectlonal-ists, for be saw no Sou'bern man in their ronits and ontheir banner he recognized the escutcheon of not atingle Souihern State. He rose, however, forno dis- civilized nations of the9fPress of Connecticut, in viUfying the State b* rap-themake some suggestions which he trusted might serve, against him and bis constituents? He was for the tbe same of coaslw'se commerce. prepared say lean freemen and influence their roteato but had speech make,could he act with those whom he foundutterfor such tothe floorin some degree, to meke plainer the path of duty be-appealof the members, and bad no desire toputtca-bistoopinion illytothem be- elo«iuenceasolutionof thethemfaererallying Slavery.party,glvmgHooee of Bepre- seniatives at Washinglon, and approvsaof tits eaaraapiejudlces, passions,pride God who sends the sunshine and the be peal or modification, to wliat extentin rain, to the law of 17113 or the law ofsoughtsimplytoarrayed arsenalsanddockyards. Hewasnot tocontemptthey calculateddazzle,bring question ofand(Stbvbxs) As to Its or modification he was in favor of it He thought tbe law of 1793 sufficient He did not objectcalled National in the Democracymight play around the head, could not touch tneheart, lie would not deal in unjust, ungenerous, orunnecessarily harsh denunciations of those uiton theRepubl'rsn tide ef the House, who clalBieO to heconservative, in the exercise of that which was theirucdoubted right though they widely differed Inpolitical sentiment from himself and his can- believ€d lie was sustained the ofConrentlaaatChmat^ .iij suinpn-mmmilu opiof the Acmlnlstratian.A resolution was offered, recommending aa aaiUerday for holding the Chicago Convention.The Convention broke op with nnalng iiliaiaii forstituents. !le the fact that, to- reccg'^Ized cominggether as the repiefentatlves of different and distantparts of this vast Confederacy, some from the rude represented hetrbee. Pennsylvaonfia members had in-i•1i1 *hills of the North, some from theof the South, some from the broad Western prairies, hnd others with the ^pray of eithcT occiin theirCiscctHATi, Wecneaday, Jan. SS. The members of tbe Teimessee aad Kentuckyever-blTomlng plainstrywhether be works in the mines, in mechanical p^ir- know whether he (Srxvxns) was in favor of tbeready to stand side by side with the men ofPenrisylvanla and as his fatlier New-Jersey,did on tbe battle-fields of the Revolution, bnt he foundon theMr. SixvxBS replied that if the gentleman wouldturn to the record he would find tha: he voted in the negative on the law of 1650.repealin a sectionalaid and comfort to the party whose leading idea washostilitybody.•be net lurreodeied the. fiOm (utlttseatbe Supreme Court remains he would respect itMr. Clbuxns said that Blr. Stbvbks tiad in formeryears proposed as the policy of tte Republican Partyto surround (the Slave States with a cordon of fire, 69that liiie the scorpion it might stmg itself to death.Did the make a remark of that kind ? gentlemanHarper's Petry who came within her borders? lie defied the gentleman to show that Pennsylvania had ever failedMr. SiBVEss replied that if he did it was on the Pennsylvania. He wa-s grateful to tbe people books. [Laughter.] [He was understood to say thatInter-StsOe Conrteaiea.TBS MEHBIBS OF KQiTUCEY, TISKI8ECX ASO OHIO LEQISLATUmZS AT CUtClaSATX.of Pennsylvaiiia, but believed they were mis-somebody else made the remark.]Mr. Cliubxs thought Mr, Sr£vz5s bad the geniusto cocceive itHe addrcesed tbe pcntleman f''om Pennsylvaniawill arrive here in the morning, and nut being a prophet.** [Laughter.] ceed directly to Columbus by a special train. ITieyfringed upon intcresls VlrgUiia by voting for a sectional candidate. This Jonx Bsows raid took after the election in Pennsylvanii, and be be-leved tbe of the whole Nortli must now see filace peoplewhat sre the: inevitable tendencies of Repub!icani?ra. They had been deluded by the assertions of the Ue-would not interfere with expected, Slavery in the Slates. Personally that was true, forpower to regulate and abolish Slavery in the tetrlto-KinfeffTbe sixth resolution rebukes Um AdasljalitoaUeaWe arebe- come triumphant, and we cheertoilly submit them to ihe judgment of our fellow-countiymen and to theearth,andtoposterity.Mr. Gaxsett, of (Dem.,) asked the Virginia,would hewise commerce?and coast-it to arsenals,Mr. Sriviss replied—He could see no difference intbe iction over the District of Columbia and juried: alsodeclares attempts frigiiten Amsi''-else de- protection of the Interests of every man in tliis coun- clares a determination to ue^ all hoDorahla BMaai tosome other which was question!was not one. Ah he said, w-ith a smile anddare sayso.'',flags, and tbe affair promisessplendid one.; also,ifhewasfor severalMr. Ethxbidox resumed his remarks. I* occurred as heretofore, but tlierepresentHouse, there was no hope for him.longer.had been various mat- discussinghim that asters for two whole weeks without voting, the best in-suchacharactertliatit isaaita 1m tmpnawhtoseen. There bad been two or three speeches to-day,the most infamous and libelous take in will JearaParly and then to th2into the hold and batten down the hatches every man must and will feel a personal interest It Republican Party and his friends. client"over their heads. This bad been going on called Mr. I'sroa a filthy liar and libeler." Lest he Mr. ETaxBiDGs was glad the question had been^^_^___snd just and reasonable in this cri-contained in tbe Hu'ise ofreport Monday stitutlon" w lib a i:. [Laughter]argumentH.Dav some twenty-fouritsis to let these paltry diflercnces ii.terfere with theirunited action against these mutineers, whom they al|recognized as their enemies ? lie had no pra:;tical Abhkobx said that that reiporter had madeshould do he had injustice,prepared by the reporter for the Assiclated Press.very disagreeable position with members. Mr. he did not speak the English language and did not Zd IndSrubber ^ds,commencj|d,h» injunctions,of Regents of the now effected, he believed our rights will be guarded continuation of this most unnecessary discussion- the a interpolated in one of niie the gentleman from Louisiana as a friend with from mrth'/r '"eilm~Te goods complained wlihoatHouse,howeverInnocenttheup, and tucky would ni-ver look to disunion as a remedy for Inspiration of most of those who had spoken. He reporters may be, to ex- everything which bad been said, provided it would .\ lire ocrun-ed at Delavan, Wie., ~Wlilpel them entirely, and not allow anything to go from political evils, she will be the last to go out of the « as present at that raid, and a witness to that most them as authorized. If the House were organized henot beMr. IIonMAK, of .Arkausas, (Dem.,) wanted toUnion.infamous He saw the blood of bis friends outrage.Ferry, andwouldIntroduce a resolution to have the reporters ofwere not to be aof II. Toppntc i- Sow, the boot aad ahat ikae tftf c..ClSgOM^:tbeythe country. He knew that when tbe heart feels got dignity to sUnmatize tbe Republicans as As to taking care of the country,Indigaatlon, nli;htmajority.Ohio, (Dem..) and Looah, of Illinois, (Dem.,) several- a dying fileisd. He believed it would be Mr. Asanoai did not see the applicability of the ^'7fe|,/be !?-p^eatk^e^ri^^lieSsfs'tth.a^nly made paiaoaal explanations.shown by theimw in progress that thisgrntleman'a remarks. AUbough the reporter is in- pocenl, a frand bad been committed by InterpolaUonM?.'^ll, of Georgia,nndg^nQd we>y^highest, byneces-when he wiped more languageoffensive than tbe language of the CoKttUiUimgoneMessrs. Hahos, of Tennessee, (American,) Cox, of the oold death damp from the brow of against tbe Republicans.'investigation.Ftof. UtumsoTWlUntitled Documentthea that"asfortnespell"""^* yes, of,Mr. EtaiBiDot replied. Oh, he would recog- leading journals most vile and infamous assault as muca pleasure as he would any one.Mr. Davis, of MUsisslppi, (Dem.)—Let us stop talk-whether theso piarty to the compact.expelled, neverthe least of the considerations for bis silence was Mr. CoLvix said no member deprecated personali- were indulging in a repast they always reserved LusBdrPATCBiir. 'ThetoWloaaliMttigBtsdatfavand notforus. The say- pie,gentlemanloathsome,shilling. If the axe .KBITV) said, '^uptermined on, they wouldthe Democratichere to-morrow morning to attend to therepeated. [Laughter.]!^-[Laughter.]Judgeirom'^Yii'Sf if^TL^o'The^coumo-jbel( Am.,)! quire bow many time, ^^ay ^ywasie b. -„,^Li ox, the clothing^tio>«.|^ ii^. JThat FrofenofditpIihWatLnDTnABT-flonBam, ix» am CHicaao.HAarrexn, Coift.The Bapublican Btate ConreatlMtinatlon of State officers and thethe—>*j-^" ^'J , I-^—of, Chicago Conreniion met in this idty In iBJF;Gallop, field, and H. H. Starkweather, of Norwt^:PlliihiiHinrtMany State or Territory froaiawlesa ioraaiok. The fifth resolution uDqaaUfletUy c<late lawless invasion ofan by arxoad(0 ail Its pretended love for the Uniondown theand Slavery extensionists new In office, aad to nfloie_will taKeand State officers of Indiana have accepted an iarita-tiontobepresent Intheafternoonagrandbanquet wl 1 be given at the Burnet Houes. The guests wiH leaveonSatuiday. ThecityistobedecoratedwithTelegraph Company, at theirrecent annnalmaeling,toated Piess to continue their express airmBgementalistened with The BOK-ABBiyAL Or TBI AJIKUCA AID BOTA ^?THAFdates of the Uth Init.not one of them but would shut his mouth in the PoBTuan, Wednesday, Jan. W—?. BLhe might speak for hisin theruinsofadlsmcm- plowshare — had beenwill have areasonable fairness, and the Union will endure forwith and dignityThere are as yet no signs of the B. K. atoam-,1The HBTpei>a FerryW^B' M—ChanneTJt, Otmr^—a- ^iia apacu- www.fultonhistory.com 