 6and Italy, a good many match-making mam- on the subject We tell these menied auto. tma Herart* mas have boon regularly in the habit of crata that they had better consider wall before taking over their daughters to the groat matri- they take this step. Although they have On thefifthof May, eighteen hundred and monial mart, in which dukes, counts and mar- gained a victory, its results are less real fas* ers John A. Kennedy sent in his resignation as Su- of Werter," in which too stately gloom thirty five, the publication of the Nsw YOBX quises are as tMck as blackberries. The latter, they appear. Tbey defeated the one coat ferry bill by fraud, and they enter npon the new leases subject to similar imputations Mej m i i » o » » o » I g f l l T T i wS.W*****— -»— _7 9 * r u U r BgRAlD M* Mk MP MM, 17 Mr aw85 SBv/i*r^ ^ W * * " ^perintendent of Castle Garden, and informed the of a broken hearted poet, dark tad IIXRALD was commenced by the present pro- generally speaking, are nothing loth to be an-Ml i t o o i ,gsmtaasv-gathe commitment of any magistrate. Friday was set the republican party to revolt, but artfully RALD, and leave something for others who comedown for argument of the case. said and written upon the subject of a railwayThere was a good demand for beef cattle yester. concludes with feint praise of Lincoln as after us." During the next month we alluded to the Pacific, that the masses of the people are.tration of Mr. Buchanan, has been completely refuted by the very documents and official in- structions which he cited. His citation before the committee, and the importance given to his testimony, prove the scheme of that body to be to hunt up every disappointed speculatorwaaiaaas a* A^^^mm^ aaw OMMaaoMaw mwtI•AAMOU Bo»m—WIT* taa Mxnmom aw asa OMII IAIN Jday at last week's prices. The cattle were of a better quality, and some of the extras brought 10| cents per pound. Cows were in demand at pre- vious prices. Yesls were plenty, dull and heavy."honest and honorable," just as does Webb, to the "rapid increase of the HERALD'S circula- who says he was not a party to the fraud, and tion," thus:—"Between the 10th and 19th Inst calls him "the now honored representative of the daily circulation of the HERALD has in- the repubUcan cause"—a master stroke of sly creased 1,920 copies, or at the rate of 200 perlike the Irishman, bothered entirely oa the sub- ject Between the politicians who "blow" in the most vigorous way in favor of the measure, as a means of making a little capital in theo*mt*M• or T T U * T M " « H-4Uufoam* SUmasiAHD rOCKTETTPTJATTI Iwhstoerorarttoecftyu bouitdto derrsyto*ex* At the meeting of the Emigration Commission-like the scroll of the prophet Nothing io plaintive, or morbidly melancholy, ha* beat written since Goethe's "SorrowsitrnwinKBW YORK wrotmrgUlgpAT, MAT 31, 1860.-TRIPLESHEET.Board of lua determination to accept the office Of moody, pouring Iteelf outin bitter wailing* prietor. It was printed upon a single shoot, nexed to the bright eyes and fabulous wealthorr*—*i»wwwtn. SuperintendentofPolice,tenderedhimbythe overhumanlife,ispicturedwithgraphiceffect andcontainedinitsfourpagesaboutthesame ofourAmericanbelles.Thepressingclaims charterorcontractgrantedundersuchcir-Police Commissioners. The communication was The political prose pott of Auburn is shadowed amount of matter that is included in one page of their bootmakers and their washerwomen cumstances can be constitutionally or legallyreferred to the President of the Board, with power forth uttering the same cry of deep anguish of the HERALD of to-day. It was a modest blind them to the degradation of quarteringto make an appropriate reply. The number efemigrants leaded doting the peat week was 3,086, woes without a remedy. The text of this fune- was that npon which the paper has ever since three cloves gules or the cotton bag argent of sale of the leases, tbe court decided that it wasand despair—the name story of wrong! and child. The platform laid down by the editor with the bar sinister of centuries back theand the balance of the commutation fond is now ral oration is a portion of a recent speech of been conducted—entire independence of opin- our American aristocracy.mjm. Greeley's—"The past is dead; let the dead ion, freedom and fearlessness In the treatment As a general thing there are no touristsThe business of the Excite Commissioners seems bury it, and let its mourners, if they will, go of the current topics of the day, and the pro- so welcome to foreign hotel keepers and to bxreaae as toe season advances. At their meet-tag yesterday they received a batch of about about the streets." Weed indignantly aaks, duction of tbe very best newspaper that expe- tradespeople as the Americana They are ex-twenty applications for licensee, fifteen of wbish "Is it in good temper or taste to rebuke thus rience and enterprise could make. "It is travagant at homo, and are doubly extravagant * * * * * were granted on the payment of thirty dollars an army of republicans for manifesting emotions equally intended," said the loading article in abroad, and bitterly they have completelyin the power of the Legislature to alter or re- gulate, at any time, the rates of ferriage. If the Vnion company do tot observe moderauoi in their Fucoess, they will, every year, have to fight a fresh battle. It is by no means certain that their leases cannot be withdrawn, ar aeach. They will aot grant a license in any Instance of regard and regret for a 'dead' chieftain, who thefirstnumber, "for the great masses of the eclipsedfatContinental estimation the English one cent tariff bnpossd on them. Let them,therefore, calculate what they may lose by many triumphs? Was it thus in 1848, after the people—the private family as well no the pub- of the toadyism with which wealth is worshipped spurring up the Brooklyn people to fresh mea-unless the papers are entirely free from every In- formality. Thafraaxta*»etiBftakeapIacea»WKaThe May130 cases during the term. The indictments under scoffed at by the friends of Gen. Taylor ?" The doctrine has certainly been carried out to the that we find each season the number of wealthyGerman Stadt theatre, and Jean Klein, Joseph Seward's republican army. Like Mark Antony As for the matter of circulation, we said:— THE QUESTION or THE PACIFIC BAILWAT—THEFostaaer, Wm. Lowers, Wilhelm Busche, Johanna over the bleeding corpse of Julius Caesar, slain •There are in this city at least one SPECULATORS' GAME BLOCKED FOR THE PRESENT.— No better evidence of the unworthy spiritWolfe, Henristte Meaubart, Mrs.8hangler and Wm. in the Senate Chamber by Brutus, Thorlow hundred and fifty thousand persons who The report of the select committee of the House that animates the Covode Committee, and of Albert, actors at that theatre, and James O'Con- having boon recommitted, the whole matter of the purely personal and spiteful aim of its la- nor and Henry Sick, lessees of Yolks Garden, were Weed then goes on to recite the long catalogue glance over one or more newspapers the Pacific Railway, so far as the government bors, could be desired than Is presented in the brought into court on a writ of habeas corpus. of brilliant deeds and patriotic services of his every day. Only forty-two thousand Is concerned, must go over to too next Con- examination of Mr. Elwood Fisher, and his tes- The accused are charged with aa infringement of hero, enumerates the wounds which covered daily sheets are issued to supply them. gress, when the friends of the different routes timony in regard to the Sloo grant of the Te- the law in regard to Sunday amusements. Their him at Chicago, and paints the ingratitude and We have plenty of room, therefore, without will recommence the warfare which has been huantepec route.counsel contended that the defendants were de- treachery by which he fell in colors of the jostling neighbors, rivals or friends, to pick up going on in the lobbies of the Capitol during The evidence of this witness, which has been tained in custody without say cause and without deepest dye, calculated admirably to work up at least twenty or thirty thousand for the HE- the test five or six years. So much has been so much paraded as damnatory to the adminis-had led them through so many conflicts to so community—the merchant, mechanic, working milors and the Russian princes. The incense Philadelphia Convention, when Mr. Greeley lic hotel—the journeyman and his employer— on the Continent has naturally turned the headssures of retaliation, and sot whether it will not be wiser, by timely ooaosomciua, to secure the already handsome gams which the cent and a half rate gives them.. of the Court of General Sessions', Judge Russell having disposed of 'mourned' a 'dead' statesman, that he waa the clerk and his principal." This catholic of our would-be fashionables, and hence it isthe new Sunday law were brought up yesterday palpable effect and Intention of this is to exas letter, for, if there is a universally read news-Edward Hanam and Otto Hoym, proprietors of the perate the already inflamed disaffection of paper to the metropolis, it is the HERALD. Ton COVODB COMMITTEE AND TawoAmarnc.—TRIPIiE SHEET. Sheep and lambs were steady. Swine quiet and irony. When Antony dwelt upon the stabs in day. Query—How long will it take to reach border and Pacific States, and the speculators and politician, and set forth, in an official form, unchanged. The sales were—3,332 beeves, 184 Cesser's body— a daily circulation of 20,000 at that rate?" We who hope to get from the government the under the sanction of a Congressional commit- cows, 1,297 veals, 7,291 sheep and lambs, and J.9G2 Wblcb, like dumb mouths, did ope their ruby lips, remember that in those days we regarded money wherewith to build the road, the quan- tee, the outpourings of his spite against thoseB.w Tae*,**«*««•». EUtW»» **••• swine. Tobegthevoiceandutteranceofhistongue— adailysaleofthreethousandimpressionsas|tityofdustthrownhitheeyesofthepeople whohaverefusedtoservehispurposesandfor- Tbe sales of cotton yesterday footed up about 1,SM when he portrayed his genius, his virtues andT b e SOWS* bales, cJectD* waa leas steadiness and on the basis o noble achievements, and the "ingratitude" of something enormous. is quite sufficient to blind everybody. ward his views. The facts in regard to Mr.We reaeived yesterday the mails of four Euro- about 11 J,c for middling uplands. Owing to the late the friend whom he so dearly loved—"unkind- Tbat was the HERALD of a quarter of a cen- Of course we are all In favor of a railroad Elwood Fisher and the Sloo Tehuantepec grant pean steamera, withfilesof English papers to the break is the Brie canal, combined with a good export and est cut of all"—when he read the will of the tury ago. Then New York was bounded on to the Pacific. That matter was settled long are these:—Mr. Fisher was tbe appointee of 19th mat, vis: the Palestine s mafia, via Quebec; domestic demand, prises for medium sad common grades deceased Emperor, loading the people with fa- the north by Bleecker street—then the old ago. The question then arises, are we in fevor Sloo as one of the trustees of the old Lawthe Arabia's, ria Boston, and the Glasgow's and were higher, while extra brands were steady at previous vors, and, when he had thus wrought his audi- political Wall street press ruled in the journal- steamship mail contract line to Havana and Saxonia's st this point The news has been mainly prices. Southern flow was also firmer and in good re- ence up to the highest pitch of frenzy, he ex- istic field. The idea of publishing a newspa- of the construction of such a road by the Aspinwall, out of which Sloo obtained aanticipated try telegraph from Farther Point and qcott. Wheat was in demand for export, while sales were claims—per, and giving all the news, without fear or fa- vor, nearly petrified the old fogies. Whengovernment? Are we willing to enter upon living, and the limited means for pushing otherHalifax. The detail*, however, will oe found in- fair, at prices given elsewhere. Corn was higher sad ingood request for the Eastward sad for export Pork was teresting. The 8tdl»n insurrection and the move- iws buoysat, while sales of new mem were made atments of Garibaldi absorbed the attention, and are $1T 76 a SIT 8 1 * , and new prime at $13 60 a S13 76.the general topic of conversation, in all political Sugars were steady, with sales of about 800 hhds., at rates circles. The latest accounts state that the inaurrec- given in another place. Coffee was quiet at 13 <%c. a 13>;c. tioa la Sicily was spreading with great rapidity, and for Rio. Freights were firm, especially for shipments to Li- that Garibaldi was received with open arms by the verpool, but owing to the canal Interruption, by which re-Good Mends, sweet friends, let me not stir you a»To such a middenfloodof mutiny.They that have done this deed are honorable;What private griefs theyhave, alas, I know not, That mads them do't. They are wise and honorable,Ann wul. no doubt, with reasons answer you. I come not, friends, to steal your hearts away.they recovered intonishment, they took up their pens and pitched into Bennett in the real old orthodox style. Some of them—Webb, especially—have not yet recovered from theirso magnificent a job ? Is it seriously purposed by any considerable number of sensible per- sons to throw seventy-five or a hundred mil- lions of dollars into the hands of politicians as notoriously corrupt as those of both the great parties in this country ? We believe not. At least we trust that the day when Congress will countenance such a scheme is far off.The real object of the persons who are most active in urging the government to assist, either with money or lands, or both, in the construction of the railway, is to extendthe business of Camden and Amboy, New York Central, and similar great corporations, overcontract speculations. With this capital he de. termined to make a bold push for toe Tehuan- tepec grantProceeding to Mexico, he succeeded in making a bargain by which he obtained the grant, cou- pled with the condition of a cash payment of$000,000 into tbe Mexican treasury. To raise tail money Sloo drew bills on his house te New Orleans, which imaginary firm consisted of himself alone, and gave them to a British mer- chant in Mexico, with the grant as collateral, andwithpowertosellthesametecasethebills were not paid. Under these conditions Falconnet paid the $600,000 te the Mexican government, and Sloo wont to New Orleans for the purpose of negotiating the redemption of tbegrantfromFalconnet,bythepaymentof the bills drawn for the sum advanced. There he endeavored to carry out this object by part- ing with only a small interest in the grant; but this scheme failed, and the bills were all pro- tested for non-payment Falconnet never re- ceived a dollar of the money be advanced, and to save himself was forced to put the grant in the market for sale. ItThe sequel showed how successful he wis inpeople. The enlistment for the Papal army in ceipts of produce were somewhat checked, and a disposi- stealing their hearts, and how Brutus and the ancient hallucinations. The HERALD, however,Ireland waa quietly going forward. The govern- tiontoawait me private advices by the Arabia, the bust- other conspirators became baffled fugitives, throve under persecution—another proof thata great journal when we commenced; but theand the appearance of the new brochure on the publican journals of this State, immediately the New York delegation, under the lead of rage of seventy thousand copies—by far theFrench frontier question has certainly not tended after the nomination at Chicago, engaged in a Richmond, expect to obtain the nomination at largest circulation of any daily paper in thetoallaypublicagitationinGermany. bitterfeudwitheachotheraboutthedefeatof Baltimore,wheretheywillcheatDouglas,as world.Intwoconsecutivedaysourcirculation speculatorsas.unprincipledasthosewhohaveA speck of war cloud hangs over the "sick William H. Seward. The war, which was they intended to do from the beginning, which has run up to one hundred thousand each day, bought up the Legislatures of New York and man" of Turkey, and the indifference or halfway opened by Raymond, not only continues to is evident from the fact of their voting for the which round number will be regularly reached New Jersey many a time. The greatest powerWe give elsewhere the letters of Heenan and demoralization of the party in the State of New Regency would have played Into his hands, this way we have introduced many improve- that corporation. We read a great deal in theYork, the discomfiture of Lincoln therein, and and shared the federal plunder. As Seward ments into journalism, all of which have been papers, at home and abroad, about the slavish- The steamship City of Baltimore, hence May 5, his consequent overthrow by a majority of the is out of the way, Weed & Co. are playing into copied by our rivals, who, in some cases, have ness of the French Corps Legislatif; but arrived at Queeastown at five o'clock on the electoral vote of the whole country. OnNow the hands of the Regency, in order to parti- been mean enough to try and pass off our ideas Mr. Dean Richmond is as potent at Al-sympathy of England with the movements andnets done was moderate. There was a fair amount offer- and were declared to be enemies of Rome. the blood of the martyrs is the seed of the Such is the fate foreshadowed for Greeley, Lin- church. We believed that we should build upment had issued a proclamation against It Wepublish several letters from our Berlin and Paris ing for the Continent at steady rates.correspoadenu, which will be found interesting.TheSicilianrevolutionis,ofcourse,theall-absorb- Ttoa ImtMttme Femd of tne Republic**ingtopicinParis,wherethereseemstobeaper- Organa-TheRuinof t»eParty1*thefect Garibaldi furore. In Prussia the alarm at the S t a t e o f H o w Y o r k .phantom of a French invasion has not subsided, As is known to our readers, the leading re- and the election of Horatio Seymour, for whom long ago. We print now every day an ave-coln and the rest WeedisleaguedwiththeAlbanyRegencyrealityexceedsourexpectations. Themodest for the overthrow of the republican candidate limit of twenty thousand copies was reachedrage, but has assumed a malignant character, two-thirds rule, which they knew rendered his before a great while, our circulation keeping in New Jersey to-day is the Camden and Am- intentions of Russia is a notable feature in the new as may be seen by the extracts which wo pub- nomination impossible. Had Seward obtained pace exactly with the growth and progress of boy Railway. The Czar of Russia is not a programme of Europe. lish in another page. The result will be the the nomination at Chicago, then the Albany the city. While we have been going on in more absolute monarch than the direction ofBayers, and an account of the final settlement ofthe championship.was purchased by Mr. Hargous, of Mexico] who endeavored te good faith to form a com- Taedetwfll arrival at Southampton. The latter can party. Let New York be lost, and all Is hands of Richmond, Cagger, Cassidy & Co., in country are printed on our plan, which is legislators. It is more than probable that, pany to carry out the work. Sloo still claimedevening of the 16th—the same day on which the Tork State everything depends for the republi- cipate in the spoils which will fell into the as their own. All the real newspapers in tins bany as Is Louis Napoleon among bisssnamnr also sailed hence uu (be eta.lyofc. i i kiic iwpuuiiuaus, WIHMI uiuMNi uu r i c - ne event or Seymour's election. The Atlas- quite simple. We give all the news that can By the brig Henry C Brooks, Capt. Therrill, mont, felled to elect him, oven with the vote of Argus accordingly fans theflameof discontent tr« ot.uiin*a Vj u«», taut, uueni, e»a • liberalwhich left Rio Grande, Brazil, on the 8th of April, New York, how much more disastrous will among Seward's followers, and maintains with expenditure of money.and arrived at this port yesterday, we havefilesof their failure be now that they are divided, and them the entente cordiale, In coming out, by con- The NEW YORK HERALD has been very often papers from the city of Bio Graade. We have alsoto hold the grant, and got up a company also,receivedfilesfrom Para by the Ocean Bird, Capt certain to lose the Empire State. cert, on the same day with the Journal, in a compared to the London Tunes, and the fact is York and New Jersey. We believe it to be everything. In all these proceedings Mr. Bhackford, which arrived at this port yesterday, The object of some of the belligerent jour- glowing eulogy on Seward, which, as our that we occupy here the same position that is the duty of Congress to make liberal appropria- Fisher was engaged from tbe beginning, and with datas to April 29. There is no news of any nals Is to produce this very result—to break readers will see, Is as friendly as anything that held by the leading journal of England in tions in aid of surveys for new roads to the he hi wonderfully irate with the administration importance. Some places were suffering very down tbe party—because in felling to obtain could be written by a republican journalist—as Europe. The London Times has no influence Pacific ; that the army might he profitably em- for having instructed our Minister fat Mexicomuch from want of rain. the nomination for Seward they hare lost theirIn a letter from Vera Crua which we have chance of the control of thefederalspoils, and reieived, the arrest of Zuloaga by Mlramon is with it the prestige which hitherto enabledsome obscure hole. treachery and assassination, and the pretext of gency can elect Seymour, and no other man, In more wonderful example of progress than the from depredations, either at the hands of hos- never was a greater humbug than the pro-into the Union, and the Oregon War Debt bill, were In the article which we reprint from the and have always played into each other's years, and the HERALD is only twenty-five years pony that made the first overland trip was the tirely delusive in its character. By it tbe discussed. Mr. Slidell reported back the bill for hands in the State elections, and the distribu- black republicans hoped to get the votes of the acquisition of Cuba, but said he should not Courier-, it will be seen that that journal de- old. Tbe detail of the business In the London identical animal); that a daily overland routetures, relative to the public printing, were pre seated, and Mr. Haskm made a violent attack upontruth than he intends, threatens Greeley withthe administration, alleging their complicity in thethe destruction of his paper—("the loss of four-aba resolutions recommended.la the Supreme Court, Special Term, yesterdayJudge Mullen ordered the issue of a peremptory mandamus to compel the Comptroller to acceptence is paramount with the republican party in this State.STEAMSHIP LINK FROM NEW ORLEANS TO LITER-POOL.—We perceive that another effort is aboutThe Albany Evening Journal, the organ of lain, in place of Mr. Stout, of the Shoe and Leather ofay, denounces not only Greeley, but Dana,Bank, A full repart of the legal proceedinga may Pike, and John A. C. Gray, Ac, as having of a line comprising six screw steamers to run be found in another column. "assumed the guise of friendship" teassassinate from Liverpool to New Orleans, touching atThe Circuit Court yesterday denied the motion Seward, and shows that the pretence of Greeley some port in Ireland, and also at Havana iffor an arrest of judgment in the case of Hicks, ahaa as to the unavailability of Seward, on the found desirable. The company is entitled theohaaoa, convicted of piracy oa board the oyster ground of his extreme views, was not sincere "British and American Southern Steamshipsloop B. A. Johnson, and ordered that the prisoner as a more "radical" candidate has been nomi- Company," half the stock to be taken in Eng-be brought up oa Friday for sentence. land and half in this country. The capital T^ateamerCltyof Horfolk, Capt Tflten, sns- nated, and the persistent efforts of Greeley for amounts to £200,000, or $1,000,000, in twentyJWjdof aalat fitted out for the African slave months, in "toning down the republican stand- thousand shares. It is expected that the steam-^ w a a soused p, YruadMj evening by the ard," In order to secure the nomination of "a ers will make the passage within twenty-five j ^ n j j a m ^ r i U e * The .teems, bee * conservative," who alone could be elected, as days.which the politicians and parsons have helpedto gather around the American mind, and won an ostensible victory over the Brooklynbeing made to insure direct trade between the Mr. Piatt, of the Artisans' Bank, a* City Chamber- Seward in the interior, as the Courier is in this South and European ports, in the establishmentpeople, and have secured the ferry leases for ten years more. They have been made to pay dearly for their triumph, however, by an unex- pected opposition started at the sale. InsteadJoseph, Me., butco. It is supposed toGreeley alleged, will now operate seriouslyagainst Lincoln, who is anything but conserva If this line is properly managed it is quite arrived at St tive. The argument of Weed is that, on the likely to prove successful. The facilities for•aflfrom San Francis- ground upon which Greeley objected to Sew- conveying Western produce to New Orleans bygers, in the different steamers bound for Great poly had securely calculated npon, they will Britain and the Continent. For the next six have to content themselves with the beggarlyweeks tbe berths on the Cunard. the Vender- gain of half that sum. The other half million bilt and the Havre lines ore nearly nil en- goes into the city treasury, where it will helpgaged. The Adriatic, which loaves on Satur- to defray the expense of the reception of the day, has already 376 names of first class pas- Japanese and the Prince of Wales—a much seogers inscribed on her list, and efforts are better allocation of the money than that ofwarm as the oration of Weed himself.The modus operandi of defeating Dickinsonhere, very few copies ever reaching the United ployed in constructing such roads; that Mr. to do whatever could be properly done by him States. The NEW YORK HERALD goes over a Jefferson Davis' suggestion in fevor of enlist- towards having a route so important to Ameri- wider field, is read by the masses here more ing a corps of young, vigorous, active mecha- can Interests opened at an early day.and getting the nomination for Horatio Sey- mour, under the wing of Guthrie, Is by stakingcontradicted. The intentions of the latter, our cor-respondent states, were good enought but the Pres- them to control the plunder of the State. Un-ident could aot be found, having hid himself In der the guise of assailing Greeley for political representations to the Convention that the Re- In England, and the former is altogether a posts, and act as police to protect emigrants DEATH OF THE HOMESTEAD BILL.—Therewhich will be fully demonstrated in November.For us the day is just breaking, and the sunof truth is breaking through and burning upthe mists of prejudice and bigotry and errorvate Individuals.SALE OF THE BROOKLYN FERRT LEASES—THE ENDNOT YET.—The Union Ferry Company havebill, written oa the Uta fast, ssys:--T*» aipre. deotttete of the talents, the feme and the popu- New Orleans n of course considerably teal Taking the number on it stands, it is the largest plunder of the poor. a family fresh from the crowded oommunitisirider has Just come in, the Indians havin, eleated att the men from the stations between Dtememf Springs and Carson Valley. The poach la which thesTeresamattertonantodtolostlarity of Seward, and cannot point to the great than to any of the Atlantic ports. At a pas-1 of this class of passengers that has ever boon •^rkes and hfartcric record ef the s t a B g - ^ seoger line, It is probable, however, that tfa$! taken out by any single tesseLWe see toot It was stated at the sale that of Europe, or even from the inhabited regtesi in consequence of the increased expense to of Eastern America, of a small farm far beyesi•222L!"*mGreete,>8Trgnna*ta newprow*:2%7noi te S^** *****. TheEuropeancontinentseemstobenor FhiChthecompanywillbeputbytherun- tbereachofroads,schoolsormedicine,08part from their as-visiters to Europe so rapidly on the increase.extensively than the Times by the same classes nics to construct telegraphs, multiply militarywailing over the dead body of the republican this State, with the aid of Seward votes, which latter. The London limes has required sixty tile Indians or rascally whites, is an excellent position of the black republicans to giveYesterday was a busy day in Congress, althoughthe sessions of both houses were mainly occupied Ctesar, they are stabbing his successor to the is plausible enough, considering that the repub- years wherein to build itself up, and that in a one; that the pony express ought to bo en* away tbe public tends to settlers under certain with debates. In the Senate the Overland Mail heart, and laboring to destroy every chance of lican Regency and the free soil democratic Re- country ten centuries old. We have had a na- couraged (If ever horse deserved the treatment conditions and restrictions. The whole object bill, the bul providing for the admission of Kansas his election In this State. gency are in unison on the slavery question, tional existence in anew country of only eighty given by Caligula to his famous steed, the of the measure is a political one, and it is en-press the subject this session, The committee ap- nounces Greeley as having descended to the tion of the local spoils. The distinction be- fimes and NEW YORK HERALD offices is almost should be established, and that every the German and Irish citizens in the coming pointed to investigate the charges preferred against "lowest depths of baseness" and infamy to de- tween them is only the difference between identical. Both journals are conducted on feasible means should be used to lessen election, and they will now proceed to harp the Senate printer made a report, whkh will be feat Seward, as "a viper under the garb of tweedledum and tweediedee, and Seymour for sound, practical business principles, and, the time required for communication, upon the fact that It was killed by democratic printed. The House passed a bill providing that friendship striking the fatal blow," as "the long President will answer the purpose of Weedall invalid pensions commence from the date tried and well known friend of Seward shed- of disability, the object being to place all ding crocodile tears over his unavailability;"St Louis to Jefferson City waa also passed. The against the most influential organ of republi- feat at Chicago spoiled the programme; and House insisted oa disagreeing to the Senate's canism in this city, and in the country at large, the best that can now be done to repair the dis- amendment to the Homestead bill, and asked for a fat but to sow the seeds of distrust within the aster is to secure the nomination of the next bestCommittee of Conference. Majority and minority party, which must ultimately work its dissolu- man, and divide the spoils under his pliant and reports from Oe Committee OS Public Expendi- tion. Webb, who so often blurts out more supple sway. What success may attend theaach pensioners on an equality, and puta stop to applications for back pay. Thebul calls for aa expenditure Of $UOO,000 forarrearages. The bill removing the arsenal from In 1858. To bring such accusations as these to come, should Seward be elected. His de-and Anally, as really intending tofevorDouglas, as he fevered him in his contest with Lincolntaste. In many respects our people are like comes for a railway, private enterprise wDl put the English, but do not appreciate servile imi- down the capital for the operation, and it willtation; so that any attempt to reproduce the be very soon ascertained which is the bestLondon 7"imes here would result in a failure. route. The road is to be built for the country; Naturally a little proud of the success which the country cannot be made by the road. has attended our efforts, we are not intoxicated We are opposed to the extension of railway by i t We know as well as any one else, per- rule ovsr the country, and believe that Con- haps better, that there are still opportunities gress will do well to let the Pacific Railroad for improvements in the science of journalism— question alone. We are of the opinion, how- for an exact science it has come to be. We ever, that the quarrels among the rhyal cliques, think our readers "from the start" (and there each lobbying for a particular route, will pre- are many of them who will read these reflec- vent anything like practical legislation en the tions) will not need any assurance on our part subject for a long time to come. When thieves that we intend to imitate the wise virgins in fall out honest men get their dues, or at least the parable, and keep our lamps trimmed and their pockets are safer; and the proverb will burning. Our work has only just commenced. apply equally as well to governments as to pri-bill the patent for tbe land cannot be issued to any settler until he has " resided upon and cul- tivated the same for the term of fire years im- mediately succeeding the time of tiling the affidavit" Now, any man who settles upon and clears, fences and cultivates one hundred and sixty acres of land, confers upon it a much higher value than one dollar and a quar- ter an acre, long before five years have elapsed; yet, if he takes land under the Homestead bill, he acquires no title to it, he is bound as a slave to the land, for the full term of five years; he cannot sell his improvements if he wishes to do so, nor can he redeem his obligation under the bill by paying for the land. These evils have all been encountered under a similar measure in the State of Florida, and more than half of the lands were abandoned by the occupants with- in two years, and those who did not, prayed the Legislature to be allowed to obtain their titles bypavingthegovernmentpriceincash.The whole thing is a political snare set for the vote of the German citizens, and if they look fairly at the bill they willfindthat it con- tains no advantage for them. The man who has industry enough to cultivate tend te our new and unsettled country, for half the term set by the swindling Homestead bill, wilt make it far more valuable than the price set by the government; and yet he will not be able to re-deem the fruit of his labors and secure them to his family against the contingencies that time may bring up. Moreover, the bill opens ne tends in desirable localities to tbe immi- grant These are all carefully covered hvplot time will tell.printing frauds. The minority report provides tbat fifths of his circulation")—and the political de- The effect of these schemes will be to de-hereafter no person shall be elected printer, earner struction of himself, beyond the power of reto the Senate or House, who is not a practical demotion or hope of resurrection to life. Nowprinter, and of fair reputation for skill and ability ; as this cannot be accomplished without the de-that the printer elected to either branch shall give struction of Lincoln, It argues the foregonebonds aa security, for 125,000, that the present conclusion that the republican candidate is tain; but the disruption and destruction of the prices shall be reduced forty per centum; and that already a dead cock in the pit, being doomed republican army in this State Is a fixed feet, aha pro visions shall take efleetfrom the pass age of to defeat by the Seward leaders, whoee influ-nearly as well as Seward. The corrupt ar- rangements of the two Regencies in the.State developed in the last Legislature were only preliminary to the wholesale corruption on a larger'scale—the foretaste of the banquetwithout copying the one from the other, overland, between New York and San votes in the Senate.they have naturally fallen into the same ways. Francisco. As all these matters progress stea- That the whole thing is a delusion and a The London Times people make a paper for dily, the country will keep on increasing fat snare, got up for political purposes only, isthe English mind, and we suit the American wealth and population, and when the time evident from this feet: By the terms of themoralize and utterly rout the republican party in this State; but who is te reap the benefit re- mains to be seen. Who will be the nominee of the democratic party is still very far from cer-which it is the duty and the mission of the in- dependent press to dispel.SUMMER TRAVEL TO EUROPE.—The number ofAmerican tourists visiting Europe this season of the old rent of $56,000, they will now, owing is unprecedentedly great. Since the 3d of to this circumstance, have to pay $103,000 May there have left this port and Boston about annually. Instead, therefore, of the $1,000,000three thousand five hundred first class passen-clear profits for the ten years which the mono-agamt,feaaotomtaa8s«Lake7ft*ard,LincolnIsequallyifnotmorsobjectiona-theMississippiriverareverygreat,andthebeingmade,bytheconstructionofnewstate-enrichingaparcelofheartlessspeculators^pre-emptionrightspeculators,uptotbevery- , 1 way ble to the conservative element, while ho is coat of transit from the Southwestern Slates to rooms, to give accommodation to more. who are building np large fortunes by the utmost verge of civilization; and the tender teAll the msittofs of the Board of Health up tothe lengti of voyage being a untied drawback, the grant Bummer attraction to our people of Ding up of the: 4K l *- w for Itf - "*"* *** * *—-*— J cordltlon that they shall < » T T ! Xthe present timeannnai icu* «.they will be compelled to put up the passen-1 continuousyears,eumrandedbjjo -,of thieving Indians, is a deceit $ n j »yet this is all tbat practic^lyexjatoi to »Jdaisyear, with the exceptionof W e e d i s t o ^ ^ ^ ' " 4 one, have been secret meetings. We understand,^ohj^t ofthe time of the Board at ail these meetings was, I is flDed with "tomentaio^ - ****** ^ tral and South America, New Orient psy be rich blood with the thinfluidthat runs in the tbey will have their million of profits, despite black Kpublican offer of a free iarmpTefemd to any of our Northern pWe understand, however, that the subject which chiefly engagedTbe Jc 'frwoTa Ion* i««.*in tbat respect, although, as a stopping place for travellers to the South, ai weU as to Cen-means. $ince a few of our wealthy self madefamilies have been lucky enough to mix their ger turn agate to two cents. In other words,• "Untitled Documentthe remainder of the Union, and place theruling power in the country in the hands ofbinding. They should remember, furthermore, that in dissolving the injunction restraining theshould the general government go into therailway business oa im own account, the specu-lators would reduce the whole country to the into the concern. This scheme also failed, and contemptible position held to-day by New Sloo claimed that he had been cheated out ofand an effort was made to get English capital orti. votes of the old herediurj :C-UI!; Cf TrUCS * the strong manifestations of public opinion up.309 South 4th Street Fulton New York 13069voter.TyniskihomasM. Trwww.fultonhistory.com 