 idof m tt was WthatEoyjsF crihed |lyalli- > ;iOregon and W a s h i n g T f ^ ^ r j ^ fcojTM Congrt* will ,potot to Savoy as a precedent. And Aero, are whom I speak are content to sink their asperateiexis-jfs* Gen. Kon'anban, commander of the French forces, to bnfld the Facifis I&flro«d front St.P«ti §£&£&&**P«ti->e i n t o « • ,d withB a n * mrt « fucd o f s wed->Czar, aorraat ^ * '<'*agaoiottf)l>utthesequalitiesmay,accordingtotheTke Niagara's dates are three days later than those circiiSistances C* ^ e c3£e> induce or oblige him to aid eral Council protests to the Powers who guaranteed subsequently became animated under the advau^a on Washington Territory about 70,000, and the taxableyinno- I b*e* .policy i B a d -Lustria sadon- eatr of esve*- tzd & » >f Goi>offsad oagnt o f simply fate of i cooleriderL. hoadxi--.VIENNA, March 17,1860. The political demonstration made b y the students a t Peeth o n Thursday was i n commemoration o f the out-Alabama 5tyCents , Kentucky 6J?"Cents, 1868-72....«*•,busthe urope. • <•ldrn^*. manof IDAilTheor andsander»tyalso imcib. of the always ispira-.mora rieldod >t Cit isures.laorkkfrs willaaanci-TIU the*-.e than ory ©»fi oblit- \ Littlewas7> * * * > harrye p o w - »r not ca .hi** E coar- tn: va~ ytem- uponin ths *r the 3,000, ateaaf rcDin- bick?us?.&0. sash a ooEextt spectt- adforedig* The ry is a , Ntm- •y axe thare- TOUgil LongerThe Paris correspondent of. The London Times says the hope that she would gain sufficient strength t o that all the Powers had replied to France relative toUplands 7 6£The stock in port was estimated at 804,000 balga, of which708.0CO bales were American.STATE OF TRADE IN MANCHESTER -"-The advices from Manchester are favorable. There was a better inquiry, and prices had an advancing tendency.LIVERPOOL BREADSTUFFS MARKET.—Messrs. Wake- field,Nash&Co.report Flourfirm,with holdersdemandingan advsnee of 6d-; sale* of Ohio at 27/®29/, Philadelphia and Balti- more at 25/®26/6. Wheat firm, but qniet, since Tuesday; sales of Red at 10/2®10/8. and White at 10/6®12/6. Corn dull} sales of Yellow at 83/, and White at 37/.LIVERPOOL PROVISIONS MARKET.—-Messrs. Bigland, Atbya& Co., and Wakefield, Nash & Co. report Beef quiet; sole* of Prime Mess at 75/©BS/. Pork—More inquiry at easier prices; sales of old Mess at 52/6, and new at 75/®77/6.. Bscon Lagooddemand,butallqualitiesslightlydeolined. Lardheavy atE7/®60/. Tailow—Quotations nominal; Butchers', 58/.The traffic on the Great Western Railway forthe week ending yesterday shows an increase of $11,400 oyer the corresponding week last year.POLITICAL,I !H:m^S':1;• •',*•'*-*m|,: ance is made to submit the question to Congress for The Paris Moniteur on the 22d of March. It contains the Var, and to consist of three arondiesements, Nice,»•••«* 83 ® 85 •••*••*••• 82® 84•I . iexistence will be voied, asa'so the1retnm*o£the Grand duced to mere conjecture. Tuscany, the Duchies, and Duke desired. Bets have been offered on the,subject,samelead.. Laborers were asking five dollars a day, and bard to get at that, as all men are looking out for claims of their own. .-,:-,^ NKW3 FROM ORT.OON AND WASHINGTON. Oregonadvises to the12th ofMarcharereceived.The proposition for a joint convention, representingLevi H. Owen, R«p.-i iii ii i•—melts t i e a W Cf $*> beholder.should W^reaJaied. .Tbow^ it » **•* J J>H»*M«H*%CWWM|MfttfMF£ '' ,. , .••..•.,'..., S j . 'THREEDAYSLATERFROMEUROPE- should objections he sained onthis Jbead, whether she jfoertie&fo^i$ill' ' .V " 'I. .11Exchange 6sv4d»~twAanaO^r .tenoaed a y*Aeok speech, lea^T^speeeh of the m ^ ^* J M g .f S S E ?THE SAVOY QUESTION. torsmboth Houses of Parliament. Before the ques- jfeeling isentirely changed. Sicily would now be a uoning mama has rabeiC!^> wouldit.be any haj^; to TTovmce of Italy, andlsnd her aid to drive the%om- ask, merely for mformation sake, whether any one has mon enemy into•»£..£§».• ••Iia»y for the Italians," is,hearditwhisperedthattheKingoftheBelgianshas tiecry,"anddownwithAustria." HALIFAX, Saturday,April7,1860. . beenincitedto dosomething (Ido notexactly knowThe Oregonianis w receipt P? a letter from parties LONDON MONET MARKET—The London Money in the Similkainen mines, confir^nW the gonorall/mI"•'•:&••II3ftv.and its sincerity transparent as the &£?*; ~itisnottoomuchtosaythatitwasadmixedonalT aides. ^Fhe speaker proposes no harsh ormarket was unchanged, with an active demand. The received opinion that they are rich acdr extendyo. *<# Stock mariret had been dull, but the fluctuations were Gen. Palmer was at the Dalles,^making prepaertton* JLC^ight. Onthe23dthemarketshowedasUgbJiim* foropeningawagonreadtothemines,$3,000haviog i. proveipent. Thedemand formoneycontinuedbrisk, beeneubecribedforthatpurpose.and h o ti£?*action» were reported below the bank The Washington papers also contain favorable ao-legislation, asthere is nolawnowauthorizingthiscffioer to call a posse'comitatus, like a mirsbal inexecutingjudicialprocess. Mr.Sanbornwrote aletter t o the Committee some time a g o stating thathemeantnodisrespecttotheSenate,buthewouldGrasse,andCastellane,whi:hwillcontain210j000in- little but what had been previously stated. It points habitants. The present department of the Var is to re-break of the Hungarian Revolution in the year 1848. Virginia5s, Bonds, 1888..,Calhoun Behham wHlbe appointed his successor.pence, but it was rejected by 55 majority, and the protest addressed to the EuropeanPowers, and a mani- the announcement that the Austrian Government is money, and 94}for account.T l i eCalifornia. Telegraph X4iae. ST.LOCIS,Saturday,April7,1860.The London Times has a leading article on Senator Seward'slatespeechontheblaveryquestion.Ittreatsrived here on Saturday, the 14fch, forty days from Jeddo. The vessel is ox 250 tuns burden, has a crew of fifty-seven men,* carries t e n guns, a n d w a s built three years ago for the Emperor of Japan, at a cost of $70,000. SheissentherebytheEmperortoannouncehigh-minded and upright law-maker, innocently mads, the victim of his trust i n an unworthy relative. O a the whole, w e look forward to this demrastration with muchinterest. SenatorSessions,itisbelieved,can speakwithperfectfreedomonsuchasubject* his withers being unwrung, and his exaltedi IXXXYITHCONGRESS.of1848-9. Ifallthesearmshadbeenusedinactual intheforegoingsummary..LONDON, March 24—p. m.—Sugar quiet. Coffee firm. T e aFIRST SESSION.SENATE WASHWCTOK, April 7,1860. Mr. TRL'MBtXL (Rep., 111.) presented a petition of citizens of Binois, setting forth tbat great alienation ex- ists in the Union, caused by the disou»sion of the subject of Slavery in Congress, and they pray that body to rec- Vmmend to all Legislatures a change in the Constitu-great Powers to support her protest.A demonstration nad taken place a t Rome i n honoof the birthday of Garibaldi. The soldiers disperse the crowds, and a number of persons were wounded.THE REIGN OF TERROR IN NAPLES. Corre»pondtnce of The London Times.repose. Still the same sjstem has been purauedto A certain extent; some persons have been called before the Prefect, ar-d have Deen admonished to be tranquil, 8nd to abstain fiom all conversation on politics, on pain of being sent into exile; a few arrests among thesellthemcouldnotbedisputed,thoughtheexerciseof it would undoubtedly prove both poverty and mean- ness; but, in point of fact, the greater part of them are n o more the property o f the Austrian Government than arethe arms in the Tower of London. After the insurrection was quelled, weapons of every kind, even those of mere ornament, were required to be given up.••oingto-dayisatstiffrates. SaltpeterfirmM,DbUutl withaslowinsame:President, the Hon. **hn A . King; Vice-Presidents, the Hon.Bobert L . Meeks, Benj. J . Doughty, Wzru Aug. Walker; Cor- responding Secretary, tlenry W. Johnson; Recording Secretary, Samuel S. Aymar; Treasurer, Wm. T . Graff: Finance Commit- tee, Gilbert Soyres, Benj. J. Doughty, John J. Hydor, Dexter EL Walker, Wm. T . Brush. •of this State is about introducing a bill which shall make it highly penal for the brother or other close rela- tive o f any legislator t o b e found within ten miles of„ the State Capitol during the progress of legislation. Senator Sessions, in his opening speech, will dwell o n the frailty andfallibilityofpoor human nature,and will thenturn batteries of scathing sarcasm against the Lobby, denouncing those who would use the most holy feelings of a legislator—his family affections and ties o f blood—as an instrument for perverting his judgment on questions of pecuniary interest to irresponsible par- ties. H e will work on the sympathies of his audi-HieCaliforniatelegraphlineviatheButterfield "Overland Mail route, w a s extended t o Springfield, «Co., 18 miles beyond Meloy'a station, yesterday, andtemof"bailing"isnotknownhere),buttheproposi-thespeechastheprogrammeoftheRepublicanparty, degreeontheFrenchMinister,whohasactedre- tionwasrejectedbythehigherjudicialauthorities. thattheJapaneseEmbassywouldleaveKanagawaby•sas. Advices from California by the last mail state sketched by Mr. Seward, the North may be able, with- that the line on that side is being rapidly extended out plotting or bluster, to roll back the tide of the from Fresno City this way, and it is expected it will slaveholding^aggreseion.those arrested on Saturday, Giuseppe Lauria, formerly a judge, who was deprived of office in consequence of supposed liberal opinions. H e was liberated after a short detention, his houee w a s searched, and one or two books, containing the drafts of several " constitu-Eynatten.RUSSIA.Appearances indicated that the opening of naviga-tion would be late thia Spring.The followingletter haB been received from St. Pe-tersburg, datedMarch 10;" A decided improvement is announced in the healthof Prince Gorchakoff, which caueed some uneasiness.It is now expected that the Minister for Foreign Af-fest in this manner his high estimation o f the American Goverr ment.. N o other armed vessel belonging to that nation has been peimitted to. leave its shoree.The Candinamarrabb rings the officers and a portion of tie crew of the United States schooner Fenimore Cooper, recently wrecked; and at the request of the Emperor, Lieut. JohhN. Brooks, U. S. N., Volunteer sd to assist ths Japanese officers in making the voyage over the t o them untried ocean. ,The Chief-Admiral of the Imperial Japanese Navysuspicion.HemeanstosingleoutoneSenatorin particular, who has a brother employed in public busi- ness directly connected wilh the Senate Chamber. This caee, w e understand, h e means t o a'tack severely, and will charge in so many words that the Toll bill was not by any means the only provision for 'tolling private interests' which the Senate has had before it daring the last dozen weeks.". reach Los Angeles b y the 1st of July; thence t o Fort Yuma it will DObuilt with all possible speed- With telegraphic communication to Fort Smith on this side, and Lo« Angeles on the other, it will be very easy; for t h e mall company t o reduce the time between i»ew- 3ork and San Francisco to ten days, as the roads )>etween the "first named points wilt, admit of very- rapid travelmg. The tariff from St. Louis to Spriag- . iieid, Mo., is seventy cento for the first ten words and.jjeven cents for each additional word.News from Kansas. IdSAVSKwoRTH, K . T.; Saturday, April 7,1860..Information from Southern Kansas gives rise t> ap- prehenaiona of serious trouble in Lmn and Bourbon counties, growing out of alleged violations of the•FRANCE.menced receding slowly at this point. warm and dry.The weaker isLe Word says the reply of the British Government which has been described. That Naples does not act had reached Paris, and it was understood that it had alone, but on a common understanding with the Aus- notrenouncedallhopeofpreventingannexation,orat trian andPapal Governments, weuave too many least of reducing it to proportions which would makeitaconstantsourceofembarrassmenttoFrance.worked for the general good until they become thepropertyofaEuropeanPower. Itremainstobe dis-covered what Power will accomplish their conquest.Itisnowascertained thatinallparts ofourimmenseempire the corn crops present the most favorable ap-pearance and promise an abundant harvest. The steerage, §90. These rates, it is understood, will be Caucasian provinces, particularly, will give an im- permanent. About 400 passengers will go by the So- mense supply of wheat. Thirty thousand families emi- nora.<•» —The Canadian tine of Steamers.TOROKTO, C . W . , Saturday, April 7, I860. The H o n . Sidney Smith has left lor England. The -Globeofthismorning states thathegoestomakear- rangements for the Canadian steamers to call at Derry, instead of Cork, and that Edmonstone, Allen 6c Co.Theshipmentoftreasure to-morrow will beabout N. Y.; Col.Samuel EellsisitsPresident. Also,onefcsauaer.The loss is fully covered by insurance.ARRIVAL O F THE mk&m&A T ^aJ^CPAX;.ojherProvmcesbeBideSavoywhereitcouldbeshown, fenceNfcd^accomplishSogreatanobject."ThisIsthe bidlandedatHongKong. **S^*?Unee^^"^eympathywithFranceisstrong, >oreremarkableinSicily,whichhashithertobeen .,,Therebellionisgainingstrengthinthenorth.and that Frenchisthe language of the inhabitants. ,A ;suxh,a;vBtickler for a separate independent existence.gieatmany questions havealready been put to Minis- WeU, then, Ican tellyou on j?ood authority that the i > / COMMERCIALINTELIJ^ENCE!. ,lumbiaEiver,onthegroundofthatbeingtho <tmb*& route,andtheoneenhsth?*into»strisstronglyaost urgently advocated by tho Oregon press. , "^vim&ismgare* m respect to Slavery, but is The Cunard st^0181"? Niagara arrived here at 3 ,what) with regard to Luxemburg—no doubt, with the • _ - mmj . • ' -AUSTRIA.'•;'.;/>;at Liverpool at 9:40 on the morning of the 22d ultimo. The ebip Champion of the Seas, from Melbourne,arealreadyspokenof,oneofwhom vi?acertain jour- nalist who has contended very strenuously for annexa- tion. . .,• . - ' • " '•'-. . .wereconveyedbyrailroadfrom CulosetoChambery, abotefourpercent.the Austrian Cabinet in vain represented to Switzer- The London Herald city article says the general rate for threeland, aswell as to the Great Powers, that the neutral- months biDs was 44 to 4i per cent. The new Brazilian loau closed without sufficient subscriptions, and the Rothschilds tookTheIndiansonVancouver'sIsland were becorninjf veiy troublesome and were constantly committing rolv benes and other outrages on the roads.The Victoria Colonist says: Since the 1st of April last eleven wholesale jobbing houses, wish an aggro* m gate capital of $200,000, have-closed their business here.•Union speech favorably. THESAVOYQUESTION.The Bullion in the Bank of England had increase d £76,400.' '» ';" '•'journalists who received the dispatch went to ask the ci^v had been made, and revolutionary proclamations usualptrmissionoftheauthoritiestopublishit,they areb^idtohaveb66ndiscoveredbythepolice.weie told they might do so if they thought proper^— Man>" rifled cannon had been recently made in Aus-5/2|; Eagles nominal at 76/6. Within a month one-th&d of the population of Victo- AMERICAN SECURITIES.—-Messrs.BaringBrothers riahad.gonetotheFrazerRivermines.zepoit a limited business in American Stocks at previous rates. NEWS FROM THE SANDWICH ISLANDS.out the necessity for the revision of the French fron- tiers; reiterates theEmperor'srespectforexisting treaties; claims that this is purely an exceptional case; showsthatthecession willbemadewithout violenceAt the beginning of the week it was rumored at Pesth thatmasseswouldbereadonthe15thinst.forthere- pose of the souls of those " Honvdes " (defenders of their native country) who fell during the war between AustriaandHungary,and onthe14thseveralofthe• > • • • * • • «80®82 88 ® 90•»••••«77®79 85® 8691 ® 93 87®98 80 ® 82 66 ® 67 87J® 88Joriginal resolution agreed to.Several other provisions of the Budget were adopted. In the House of Commons, on March 21, the billlimiting the hourB of labor of women and children in the bleaching and djeing works was passed by a large majority.On March 22. the debate was resumed on the Reform bill, Sir John Pakington being the principal speaker in opposition to it*. He. was followed by other speakers,' when the debate was further adjourned.festo to the Tuscans, against the flagrant violationiOf treaties that has taken place.about to sell in England a quantity of all sorts of arms QUEENSTOWN, March 25,1390.—There i s n o later news than taken from the Hungarian people after the revolution appears in the Liverpool papers of Saturday, which is embracedand sees in it evidences of the dawning of a more markably well in such trj ing circumstances, but onthe United States steamer Powhatan on the 11th offriendly f*eling between the Northern and Southern the Government which has chosen to gratify its hatred .stlargeforceofmenareatworkpushingitforward States. It*thinksthatundertheorganizationof.the oftheEmperorbytreatinghisMinisterinsocon- ~3fcoFortSmith,onthesouthwesternborderofArkan- Republicans,and^iththemoderate programme temptuousaway.IhaveomittedtonameamongThe German papers give very many details relative toM. Ritchtr'B case, but all that is positively known onthesubjectisthat"theDirectoroftheCreditBankisaccusedofhavingbribedthedeceasedBaronvon announcethecomingoftheEmbassadors,istomani-lil^^^^ii^^^^^^^^SJI^^mi5WLbroad, a n d catholic, a n d christian in hw views oft o'clock this morning. b£? W* Liverpool at 10 o'elock „most disinterested intentions, but which '"something" The.agitation-in Hungary continued, and numerous minimum of 4 per* font. counts from 8imilkamen, where, it was said, rioh aarif-this branch of the subject H e only insists upon his rights and the rights o f all American citizens t o ^SgSaithatandallothersubjectseverywherein the country,, and to boldly expose the naked &,cta of thecase. Forhimself,hehascertainly donebis work with unsurpassed power of delineation andwould probably have the effect of embroiling him a arrestB had been made in Pesth. •- 'A new loan of 200,000 florins had^ been authorized. Itisrepayablebylotteryduring fifty-seven yearsat five per cent. °: . : >TJie London Times 5*ssert8 that, notwithstanding erous qnarte.had been found* The river had been pros-force of rhetoric. ' mmmJ. 8. P .already received. the views of a po\T6rfol neighbor. the treaties of Vienna against any measure having for the Paris Bourse, and consols closed at,1 advance on the t>7«- While weaie told feui* iL^pepple of Savoy will be its object ti)e incorporation of Chablais and Faucigny vtenadaT. The demand for money on yrid&y was very active,The steamship Balbec was.to leave Liverpool for atliberty to chose betwetfUaune^won to France orto with the French Empire. Count Rechberg replied that bothta«th3e'b*ank and elsewhere.HalifaxandNew-Yorkshortlyafterthe Niagara,tak- formanindtpendentState,itissaidiuStthe-planofits Austriareservesherdefinitive re&ly until shehasas- The London Time* saysthe fundsopenedOnFridayat&de- cline of £, bnt soon rallied and advanced under f*vorable tele-propeity $3,000,000.NEWS FROM BRITISH COLUMBIA.•:.fTHE LATEST NEWS, EXCEPTED B Y.;jr^MAGNETIC TELEGRAPH.-, i :•••JBfeotel Dbp^cb to 7b* N. Y . TrOmtM.W A S H I N G T O N , April 8,1880.THECASEOPME.SANBORN.The latest dates from British Columbia are to the * 14tb. TheshipPrincessKoyalwassoonto sail from ing the place of the Jura. future administration has been long since arranged, certained the disposition of Europe; but he reminded graphic despatches from Paris. The demand for discounts was Victoria for London, with $60,000 worth of £trs for theen the morning of the 24th ultiti2Pv» touching at Queens- towuonthefollowingday. TheK&garareportson 25th March, at 12:30 p. m., off Salters, *>fi3sed ateam- shipAfrica,boundtoLiverpooLlittle with the Germanic Confederation; or whether rsemi-official contradictions, the Turkish Governmentare'seekingto-negotiateanewandnotinconsiderable loan.-'pected ninety mile8, and found rich as farasexaaa-,) med. Golddiggingshadalsobeendiscoveredonthe £ova Uipiticum, a stream entering the Columbia nearGen. Du*aur, w h o is on a special mission from tions," were seized. To those who were arreBted andSwitzerland, had an interview with the Emperor, and expressed himself satisfied with his assurances to re- spect Swiss interests.The fleet at Toulon had received orders to be ready for sea.The Paris Bourse had become firmer. On the 23d there was a decided, improvement, and the Rentes ad-vancedto68f30.It iB asserted that the French Government, while stillsent off, the authoritiee, of course, did not deem it nec- essary to assign any reasons, but I find that in various ways they are trying to justify themselves.Thus Ajossa has been laboring to persuade the Min- ister of the French that a plot has been formed to mur- der the King; that an extensive conspiracy had been discovered throughout the kingdom; the proofs of whichareinthepoBeeBBionoftheKing,andwillbe forthconviBg when those who are behind ihe scenes are—In ten counties o f Michigan, a s far a s heard from, crats.—TheDemocratic Standard, publishedatConcord, N. H ., says that Douglas will not have a majority of votes at Charleston; that he cannot carry all the dele-retaining Cha-vlais and Faucigny. is mdiBpossd to give detected. Individuals, too, as Rosica, the Minister of most solemn guaranties to Switzerland and Europe the Interior, have been trying to excuse themselves, that Swics interests shall be protected. though they approved the extreme acts. For myself,The Grand Duke Michael had arrived at Toulon, I look upon these reports of conspiracies as mere fab- incognito,whereheisinspectingthenewlyconstructed ricationsconstructedasanexcuseforameasurewhich portable gun-boats, with a view to the amplication of was altogether precautionary. Looking to the future, the system on the Amoor River.b^ t h e Senator Zamiatm. Our Government is begin-ning seriously to occupy itself with Central Asia. Ourtrade with that country has been increasing everyyear, and has now acquired considerable proportions, tertain their visitors, hoping thereby to stimulate theprobably will not g e t o n e from New-Y ork, nor one fromCalifornia, norOregon;that,infine,hestandsC(no chance of securing the nomination;this paper—" do w e believe he possesses sufficient strength to dictate the candidate. That would be equally fatal to the true interest of the Democratic Party."—-A Republican Club has been formed in Walton,•amnestyact.AnattemptrecentlymadebytheDeputy-S S d m S t o arrest Capu Montgomery w a s effectuallyrestated. Considerable interest is manifested ia thiscity inregard to the approaching trial of the rescuers ofihe alleged fugitive slave Charley Fisher. The trial com-mences on Monday next, before Judge Petrit of theUnited States District Court. The river has com- Luneviile, rear the Prussian frontier. in carrying it out, were removed in the illegal wayThoimports thence in the year 1859 amouated to 3,500,-000roubles,andtheexportsto2,500,000. Itissaidthatthe present route to that country will be changed,and that the intercourse will in future be carried on Archer, from New-York, and Flora, from Hong Kong. by Ouste- Ourthe and the Caspian Sea. This facility of Since the last overland mail t h e market has been communication u < L f onsiderub! y increase Russian i n - without interest, and no sales worthy of note. Ad- fluence amojajLigHLAsiaties. Nevertheless, all our vices from Hong Kong to Jan. 14, favor the sugar statesmen MBjBwSkcaon that the immense wealth to movement, and will give rice a further upward ten- be found m • e s e magnificent provinces cannot b e dency. Money is easy on collateral, but ho paper, un-less very choice, is discounted.OxderB had been issued for the formation of tw ocamps additional to that of Chalons, one consisting ofinfantry near Stomer, and the other of cavalry at of such movement, or instruments to be depended oni iGen. Martini, the Austrian Minister, and clerical agents from Savoy, stated that the reunion of Savoy and Nice from Rome have been coming and going. The anti- to France bad been resolved on in principle. The as- national and ruinous tendency of the Bourbons, how- sent of Piedmont and of the population had been ob- ever, to lean upon Austria, is more strikingly evident tained, and the negotiations with the Powers w h o in the uniforms of that Power, which are graduallySouora, which sails to-morrow, are—rfirst cabin, $£40iThe Emperor Napoleon, in receiving the deputationbeing the President.— The Montgomeryanythingofthekindhasoozedoutinconversation with a member of the Royal family of Belgium? King LGOpOld i s experiencedinkingcraft; h e i s prudent andThe Swiss Chargd d'Affairs a t Vienna had presented toCountRechbergacircularnote,inwhichtheFed-The London Daily News' city article 62ys the funds iort Colville. operedonFridayatafractionalimprov&rnant,and TheAsseesors'reportsmakethewhitepopulationofi The steamship Edinburgh, from New-York, arrived and the names of the future prefect ofits departments the Minister that last year, when the French troops veiy sotive. and the rotes in open market occasionally were Hudson's Bay Company.A dispatch, announcing that an anti-aunex'^tiom t ity of that part of Savoy should be respected; but b y the amount necessary to complete the sum required.with 24,000 ounces in gold, had arrived a t Liverpool.The London Times, reviews M r . Seward's recent oeived, the ants-annexationists desiring to form " a freV* openly violated, contrary to the Treaty o f 1815. .Consols closed on Friday at 94|®94| for money, and 94$®94? for the account.manifestation had taken place at Nice, has bee2 * the passage of the French troops that neutrality wascity " if they cannot remain with Piedmont. When the Letters from^Pesth report that many arrests in that ' Messrs. Baring Brothers quote Bar Silver at 5/24i Dollar*, StOl, Victoria is improving^^ rapidly.No retuxn has yet been made to the Harper's The Paris Patrie says thatthe Sardinian troops have that it d:d 2.ot much matter, after all—for the annoxa tria, and ^yere supposed to have been sent to Venetia. Messrs Bell & Son Report an improved demand for Illinois The bark Francis Palmerbrings newsfromthe Sand- Central Shares and Bonds, and all descriptions slightly higher.TerryCommitteeonthepreceptissuedagainstMr. Sanborn, but i t ia expected to- morrow. Therefore the Committee does not.legaDy know of his refasal to obeythesummons. Thenext stepwillbeto sand the Sergeant-at-Aims in person, and if resist-commencedtheevacuationofSavoy,andthatthefirst detachment of French troops, returning from L om - bardy, will arrive atSavoy on the 25th of March.tionofNicetoFrance would take place, . AletterfromNiceannouncesthatthearrivalocTheAustrianGovernmentwasraising,athome, anewl^an of 2o£;000,000 florins, interest at 5 per cent,malgri.repayablein fifty-seven years,bymeansoflottery .U.S.5^Cents,187492®92£ FebruaryfromBoston,andhadalroadvengagedare- 75®77drawings.containing explanations for the British Government reception. The Avenir de Nice states that this town i Correspondence cf The London Times.M.Thouvenel'slastdispatchtoCountdePersigny,relative to the annexation of Savoy, was published in to foTm the capital of a new department, to be c UlcMaryland'styCents...... MassHchuMtts 5 #• Cents. Ohio 6s 18t6. ••.••••••...« Pennsylvania 5s ,... Pennsylvania 5s, 1877..... Virginia Gs. Bonds, 1866..French troops is anxiously expected there, and the in habitantsaredeterminedtogivethemanenthusiasti" ' - . - " DISTURBANCES INPESTH.••••««*> • * • • « * « • • * * > <90®9296@97 102-aiM 97® 98 82®84>•••••• 87 ® —turn cargo of oil and bone for New-Bedford. -LettersfromHilostatethatthevolcanoatKflanon was in great activity.King Kamehamena h a d returned t o Honolulu from; Tahaima, where he had been on a visit to Mr. Niel»on> his Secretary, whom he shot some time since in a fit ofjealousy. -Washington's birthday was generally celebrated a tHonolulu. Trade there had been very dull for three months.TheKnightsoftheGolden Circle* N E W ORLEANS. Saturday, April 7, i860.The Knights o f the Golden Circle met yesterday and expelled Major Bic&ley, and appointed Col. Gjreenoagh, as Ccmmanaer-in-Chiei of the organization.FatalAccident.M I D D L E T O W N , C o n n . , S a t u r d a y , A p r i l 7 , I 8 6 0 .ceive the name of EstereL and wiHtake the aTondisBe- nientofDigneinplaceofGrasse. Theterritoryre- maining of the tw o departments of the Upper and Lower Alps, less the arrondissement of Forcalquier,to beaddedtotheVaucluse,willformthe*department"ofnot come here, assigning a s one reason that h e had and free from all constraint, and concludes b y express- the Alps, comprising five arrondissements and 176,000 tradesmen in the Waizner-Gasse (one of the most Erie Railroad 7s, 3d Mortgageapprehensions for Ms personal safety.THE BROOKLYN POST-OFFICE.ThePost-OfficeCommitteeoftheHousewillde- cide against the application for a Post-Office build- inginBrooklyn onthegroundthatCongressising confidence that England will see that the situation of France has required the consummation of thiB pro-ject.TheLondon Times, inaleadingarticle,admitsthatt h e a n n e x a t i o n m a s t b e q u i e t l y a l l o w e d , b u t a t t h e s a m etimedenouncestheactasoneofspoliationandwrong,inhabitants.frequented BtreetsinPes'h) received anonymous letters, in which they were desired not to open their shops o n the following day. *It is evident that the authoritiesPennsylvania Central 6s, 1st Mortgage.The London Timet of March 23 reports New-York Centralantfagainst the whole system of erecting public build- and hi principle as bad as a march upon the Rhine or asudden attempt on Antwerp. It adds, it must leave uponallmindsthe conviction that thereisno safety except in continual watchfulness and armed preparation against the aggressions of a sovereign who thus seixes upon the possessions ofa friendly Power.binding in Lombardy.The Ex-Duke of Tuscanys is preparing to protest parish church of the city (Stadt Pfarrkirchfi), and tried unchanged. Some authorities report the middling and lower blast. H e was blown into the air some thirty feet,5ngs- 1HEagainst his fate.BaronBicasoli reached Turin onthe22d,aidpre-:sented to the King of Sardinia the vote of Tuscany on the Annexation question. The King, in response to a congratulatory speech b y Ricasoli, said: /" I accept the vote of Tuscany, which, after having been expressed by the National Assembly, is now con- firmed by a unanimity of popular suffrage. Tuscany, in£associating her destinies with, those of Piedmont, far from renouncing, continues her glorious traditions, and augments their importance, by uniting them to .those ofp'erae, the young m e n withdrew, Sbut, shortly affcer- ward,theyappearedinfrontoftheFranciscanChurch. As the doors of that edifice were^^so closed, the stu- dents went to the Calvinist ChurHi on the Heuplatz, and managed to enter it through a side door. After offeiirg up a short prayer to the Most High, and sing- ing a stanza of Vorb&marty's anthem—" Attach thyself "firmly t o t h y native country,"—the students pro- ceeded en maEse to the cemetery in the Franzenstadt;Ibut,asthey were unable toobtain admittance,they w e n t t o t h e burial-ground outside t h e Josephstadt, where they also found agents of the police prepared to receive them;After a short consultation t h e young m e n sang a Hungarian chorus, and when it w a s concluded they tossed over the fence of the cemetery a laurel wreath ornamentedwiththenationalcolors,*towhichwasat- tached the following inscription: "Dedicated by the " young men belonging to the University of Pesth tomarket closing steady at the following authorized quotations.and fell upon the rock, wounding him so that ha lingeredbutafewhours.• .••Traffic o n the Great Western Rail-way.HAMILTON, C.W.,Saturday,April7,i860. "^ABSENCE-jThe return of the Postmaster-General is uncer-tain. A t last accounts efforts were making to re- move his wife to some other point in Florida, withFair. 3^Tew-Oxlearifl#*............. ••».»•.72 Sfk ODlift • • * • • « • • • • • • • • • iVs • • • • • * • * • • *"IfMiddling.6iQr&.project,should passtothe policy of the present Administration: to Federal corrup- tion end usurpation; to tne extension of Slavery in the Terri- tories ; to the new and dangerous political doctrine that the Con- stitution, of its own force, carries Slavery into all the TerritoriM of the United Stages: t o t h e reoptniug o f the African Slave- Trade ; to any inequality of rig'sts among citizens; and who are - in favor of the immediate admiation of tLanias into the Union, under the constitution recently adopted, by its people; of restor- , ing the Fcdcnl Administration to a system of rigid economy,OF THEPOSTMASTEE-GENERAL.jretura here.THEPrussia says that, as the Emperor of France formally disavows the docirine cf national frontiers, the trans-•xPACIFICThe Pacific Bailroad Committee has finally deSavoy, and gives the following as the substance of their notes:and i fi tthere,i twillTHE LIVERPOOL PRODUCE MARKET —The Brokers' Bupport of candidates for President and Vice-President oppoaedRAILROAD.iezmined on one road, adopting the basis of theCurtis bill with a clause that the Route should touchBait Lake City. This bill; will be resisted in the nets of hers. MousebythelargeinterestfriendlytotheSouthern—The following call for a Republican State Conven- tionatWheeling is nowcirculating in the Old Do- minion:CHICAGOCONVENTION." All citizens of Virginia who are •willing to cooperate-In the3?adficencounter a more decided opposition in the Senate, fer ef Savoy is no business of hers.«7here a n effort will b e made t o amend it, with thatSardinia. - ' • \It is ordered that on the promulgation of the decree annexing Tuscany to Piedmont, the French Legation at Florence chould be dissolved and return to Leghorn. The Paris Constitutionnel, in an article b y its princi- pal 6ditor, says the withdrawal of the French troops from Italy must n o t b e considered a sign o f coolness between Fiance and Sardinia. France leaves Lom- bardy because its independence is irrevocably assured.Josephstadt the students proceeded to the cemetery outside the Kerepesch-gate, where they got into a quarrel with the police, who had arrested two of their comrades for making seditious speeches to the "people. A young man of good family led on his companionate the rescue of the prisoners, but the policemen made"use of their weapons, and disabled some, of their as- sailants.Three of the students were taken to the Hospital,Austria declares that she certainly does not approve of any annexation of the kind; but, as Europe stood C H E T R I B U N E recently, as favoring one route. H e by when other annexations were effected, she does not see what she has to do with the annexation of Savoy. Six French regiments are said to have taken posses-addition.M r . Aldrich was erroneously reported byadvocated three, leaving them open to the compe-lition of capital and enterprise, expecting that theSTortfcern, starting from the Eed River of the North,Kould b e preferred a s offering the greatest facilities. regiments were expected there on the 26th. The pop-LONDON MARKETS.—Messrs. Baring Bros, report and t? the principles of Washington and Jefferson; of maintaui- BnKADflTUFFS generally closing with an advancing tendency. ing inviolate the rights of the States, and defending the toil of WHBAT—Sales of White at 47®50/, and Red at 45y®48/. every State and Territory from lawless invasion; and of pre- FLOUK, 22/®27/ IRON—Bar and Rail steady at £ 5 10«.®£5 seivmg the integrity of this Union, and the supremacy of the 15g.; P ig aetadyat 85/6. SUGAR quiet. RICK firm. TALLOW. Constitution and Laws passed in pursuance thereof, against t h e flat at 57/9. TEA heavy: sales of Congou at 1/5®!/% SPIRITS cousplracv of the leaders of a sectional party to resist the ma- TuRPKSTiNKdullat35/6. COFFBH buoyant. LISSKSD CAKES jority principle, as established in this Government, at the ex- slow of sale, but prices unchanged. FISH OILS unchanged. pense of its existence; are requested to meet in tne City of SEALandConOILheldat36/.LISSBBDOILquietat28/onthe Whteling,at10o'clocka.m.,onWednesday,the2ddayofMay, spot, and 29/ for future delivery. F60, to appoint delegates to meet at Chicago, 111-, on Wednes-BA VRE MARKET—For the week ending 20fchult.— day, the 12th day of June next, to nominate candidate* fat CoiTOK firm, with an advancing tendency; sales of the week, President and Vice-President ofthe United' States."I, " - V ;THE CANADIAN SCHEME. Beeentintelligencestatesthatfromsurveysmadethrough theBritish dominions, theCanadians aban- don the scheme of a Pacific Railroad as imprac-ticable. .UNITED STATES DISTRICT-ATTORNEY. INPesth have been shown m e during the last 24 hours, occasionheranyembarrassmentonthatsubject. The and,ingeneral,thetenorofthemisthatthemoreex-Russiasaysthatsolongastherightofthepeopleto theotherpartiesoftheState. TheParliamentinselect rulers ie not put forward by France, and that as the present change does n o t affect t h e balance o f Europe, what Sardinia may do with Savoy is no basi-which the representatives of Tuscany will take seats beBide thoBe o f Piedmont, Lombardy and t h e Emelia, will bring the laws, of the country into conformity with the truthful principle of liberty. Thus Tuscany will enjoy the blessings of administrative autonomy without,weakeningtheunionofpowerandthenation- al will, upon which the prosperity and independence of the country arejprincipally dependent." \M i , I x "sion o f Chablais and Faucigny. A French frigate had arrivedoff Nice,ulation of Nice had signed a petition against the repre- sentations of the municipality.GREAT BRITAIN. Parliamentary proceedings were of little interest.In the House' o f Commons the Savoy question w a s again debated, and the conduct of the British Govern- ment was censured by several members.CALIFORNIA.DcQa Torre, present District-Attorney o f Caii- a resolution imposing an income tax of ten pence in the ence on the 26th, not as regent, but as the King's Gov- tions into circulation.-. ••••.The Budget was taken up, and Mr. Gladstone movedPrince Carignan w a s expected to proceed to Flor-Sornia, contemplates resignation, in which event pound for one year.An amendment was offered reducing the tax to nineernor of Tuscany.The ex-Grand Duke of Tuscany w a s preparing aPESTH, March 14, 1860. Greatindignation has been caused in this country bya n dseveralAustria only intends to act in defense of the frontier of but only one of them, who received a shot in the knee, Venetia. The loyalty of theFrench policy could not was severely wounded. Several.private letters fromtoFranceinMarch. :detachmentsofpolicewerepostedattheentrancesto the principal churches at an early hour in the morning. A t 9 o ' c l o c k a b o u t 5 0 0 s t u d e n t s , a l m o s t a l l o f w h o mLIVERPOOL COTTON MARKET.—T7ie Brokers' Cir- cular reports the sales of the week at 63.8C0 bales, of whish 5,000 w e r e t o B p e c u l a t c r s a n d 10,COG t o e x p o r t e r s . H o l d e r s o f f e r e d freely,buishowednodispositiontopresssales. Inuplands there was alarge business ateasier prices, but quotations weremTllinois Central slightly higher, and quoted sales of United StatesbongrTheyquote: U.S.cte'Cents, 1868....,wichIslandstothe28thult,sixdayslater.97® 99 The thip Siren arrived at Honolulu on the 23d o ffives at 92. Illinois Central shares it 42£ discount, and Michigan , TheFrencharmyinLombardycommenoeditsseturn aieacquaintedwiththeintentionsofthe students;for Centralsinkingfundbondsof1869at83.I T A L Y . '.•,;;•T h e S a r d i n i a n C o u n c i l o f S t a t e h a d d e c i d e d t h a t t h eConcordatconcludedbyAustriawiththePopeisnotworethenationalcoBtume,advancedingroupstotheto obtain admission. When told by the police to dis- grades l-16d- lower. The sales of Friday were 8,000 bales, theAmannamedDunhamwaskiltedto-dayiuthe Middlesex Quarry by the premature explosion of m. "'.The Eling then Bigned a decree annexing^Tascany to„ " those who bled for their Fatherland." From theCircular reports: Potatoes quiet at 29/®29/6, and Pearl Ashes ixa&tive. at 33/. Sugar quiet, and prices irregular. Coffee etfcudy and in good demand. Philadelphia Bark quiet at 9/9. Fish Oils—Sales unimportant. Linseed oils steady. Bonn dull, and all qualities common, 4/6, and slightly declined;. sales of common at 4/3@4/4, good medium/ 4/8®7/, Spirits Turpen- tine dull at 3fs/6'Sl36/. T ea slow of sale, bnt prices without alterationT Cloverseed 4<V®45/ for American Red.withdrawal of the French army from Italy is therefore a sign ofthe approaching solution of the question of Italy, and not a sign of complication, which the wisdom as well as the interest of Piedmont will know how to prevent.It w a s reported that Cavour would be Minister of Marine in the Sardinian Council.perienced patriots are much annoyed a t what has hap-pened, " a s the-rights and privileges o f the nation are"more likely to be recovered by means of a general"passive resistance to the measures of Government" than by violence." Several students were arrested AsuKHfirm. COFFBKbuo5ant- OILS dull and nominal. RICE maica, L . L , on Saturday last, to appoint delegates toin the evening of the 15th, and many more have sincefirm. SCGAR buoyant, and considerably higher for all kinds. TALLOW dulL WUALKBONB quiet.L A TEST—Vta Queenstown.LIVERPOOL, March 25, 1860.—COTTON—Sales yesterday, 7,000hales, including 1,000 to speculators and exporters, the market closing quiet, but steady. BRKAnsTUPFU firm. PROVISIONS quiet. LONDON, March 24—p. m.—CONSOLS close at 9^@94f forthe Syracuse Convention, the Hon. Robert L . Meeks, of Jamaica, and Wm. L . Laing, Esq., of Hempstead, were appointed delegates. Resolutions were passed i n favor of Wm. H . Seward for President, and Ex-Gov. King for delegate at large.— A Republican Club w a s organized i n Jaimaica,QueensCounty,L.I.,onSaturdaynightlast,thebeen called t o account for puttingseditious"proclama-The Duchees Regent of Parma had appealed to the warfare against the Government perhaps its right to quiet; oommon Conjro nominally 1/5. Rice firm; the business following named gentlemen were chosen officers of thoNAPLES, March 14,1860. I have not many arrests to report since my.last letMorgan, Messrs. Hersh, J. McGeavy, J; Bassett, J. A Venning, Jas. Smithy Morgan, Foord, Wilson, Wiuthrop, Watt, Hegan, Austin, Barstow, vasrie, Lawtou, Egby, Yefre, Bolton, Generae, Mallest, Mrs. Wallace, Rev. J . D . Concello. Messrs. Silver, Ged-A thorough Republican platform w a s unanimously adepted.On March 23, in the House of Lords, the Duke oftion, for establishing a geographical line through the Newcastle said that the Government had received no ter; the object of the Government has been attained ones should be restored. These promises were not des, Beaudry, Merrill, Morrann, Jas. L. Wallace, McCullough,but promises in writing were made that the ornamentalStilted and Territories, norta of which Slavery is to be information from either Francs or Sardinia relative to which w a s to intimidate, and it now can afford t kept. The orramental arms, as well as others, were Richard Brown A. Christie, Bonnell, Wm. Cunningham, Beng. —A weekly paperannounces that " Senator Sessionsfprohibited, and south of which it is not to be inter- ered with byCongrese or the States.Mr. TRUMBULL moved that it be referred to theJudiciary Committee.Mr. GREEN (Dem., Mo.)—It affects the Territories,the recent vote o f the Municipality o f Nice on the s a b ject of annexation.Col. Dunne asked the Secretary of State for Foreign Affaire whether he was aware of the intended advance of the Spanish army on Tangier, and what guaranty he had received from the Spanish Government thatconfiscated, and it is those which form part of the com- ing Sale. As an example of the way m which things were done take this fact, within my own knowledge:A gentleman h a d a splendid sword, the sheath o f which was of gold, decked with diamonds. When the call for arms was made, he stated thathehadthisbassa classc" have been made, and those who hadMr. TRUMBULL supposed that, as they asked there would be no permanent or even protracted oc- been liberated on their parole have received an inti- sword, and offered to give up the blade, but prayedwhere the will be due on Monday morning. north, and blowing lightly; weather clear.Windand had better notothat Committee.•for a change of the' Constitution, the Judiciary cupationofa place so essentialto the supplyofthe mation that they will be compelledtoleave,or are tobeallowedtokeepthesheath. "Itisapitytosep-Committee would be more appropriate. So it was fortress of Gibraltar. preparing to leave of their own accord. Prince arate them," said an Austrian functionary; "letBy tne Overland Mail.THE JAP ANESE EMBASSY E N ROUTE F O R W ASH- INGTON.SPRINGFIELD, Mo., Saturday, April 7, 1860. The Overland Mail coach, -with regular San Fran-referred to that Committee.Mr. MILSON (Dem., Va.) offered a resolution, call-Lord John Russell said that the Spanish Government Torella, Prince Camporeale, and Duke Proto are had replied to the representations of her Majesty's mentioned among these, though I doubt it; as for Government with respect to a prolonged occupation of" them go together. You are sure to get them back in" a fortnight or ten days, and here is a written ac- ing on the Post-Office Department for all the corre- Tangier in a friendly manner, and the correspondence, Teoderico Cacaoe,the aovocate of the French Lega- knowledgment for them!" T en years have passedspondence with Mr. Biook*, the late Chicago Post- master, in.relation to the condition of that office. Adopted.HOUSE O F REPRESENTATIVES. The House is engaged on private bills.had slready been laid on the table.The Reform bill was regarded with much apathy b ytheprese and the public.The merchants of Manchester had appointed a dep-utation to wait on Sir C. "Wood to make representations against the increase of duty in India, on cotton, yarns, and twist.tion, I know that Baron Brenier only yesterday made another application to the Director of Police in his behalf, and was refused.This ieanew positionforthe Minister of theEm- peror of the French to assume in presence of sucha man a s Cardinal Ajcssa, and I cannot but remark in the strongest terms on the-mdignites which have been heaped upon Baron Brenier,|especially on the occasion of his visit to the Palace on Sunday, the 4th of March. YouwillbearinmindthatIreflectnotintheslightestsince then, and, in spite of applications innumerable,a moVement was regarded as probable, and hence the lists of the " atiendibili" were looked over, and all those who it was considered might serve as the headsproofs. TheNunciohasbeeninfrequentcommunicationwith$1,500,000. in Smithfield, Madison County, President, A . C . Stone.*retoputasteamerbetweenGlasgowrandDerry. A signtdthetreatyof1815permittedthehopeofafavor- begixnixgtomake their appearance in thestreetsof betweenthe months ofAugustand December^ The board shipforCallao,and12,000morehavebeenpur-jbteemerisakotobeputonbetweenNova Scotiaand Stiver D u Loup, to connect with the ocean steamers. ^L party is to start very soon to survey the route for a line of telegraph frsm Belle Isle to the Island of *ntico*ta.B l o o d y A f f r a y .BOSTOS, Saturday, April 7, i860.At South Reading, last night, John Foley was killed, Kbdtwo of his friends wounded (one mpposed mor- taiiy), by Henry Thompson. T h e Foley party were celebraimgaweddingmapartofThompson's house.•JTheybecame noisy andriotouu,when Thompson Started for the police, and wa» pursued and attacked; whereupon he stabbed his three assailants.<»Fires.CnrcsmiATi. Saturday, April 7,1860.A fire last Thursday at Manchester, Ohio, twelve miles above Maysville, destroyed forty buildings. Loss$50,000;pnsrmww>e not known.CTJBVXXAWO, Saturday, April 7,1860.waspartiallyburnedto-day, m coQgequence of which i;wilt be closed during theableexaminationofthequestionbythegreaterpartof thecapital. I sawsomelastSunday,andthosewho constructionofelectrictelegraphsisproceedingrapid- chasedforAustralia,atthorateofabouttwocentsper bamaIs,-however,pledgedtogooutoftheConventionthem.Russia is said to have Bent a dispatch to Paris In op-position to an annexation, and protesting again&t the application of the theory of national frontiers. •THE ANNEXATION OFNICE AND SAVOY. f <?rrtr*i>ondeEC« of The London Tini«».C* PAIUS, March 19, 1860.I mentioned several days since that universal suf- frage which is transferring Central Italy to the Crownwere them, instead of being raw recruits, were to all appearances well-disciplined military men. The Nea-politans turned round to look at them, but with nfriendly eye, and in all probability they will rue t h reappearanceof theee troops inthekingdom ofthTwo Sicilies. I hear some speak of there beingalready a force of 3,000 of these men in the kingdom Peieia. and it is not an improbable calculation.As you will readily understand, every one is expect-°Sburn W. Boggs, formerly Governor of JCawnri, but a resident of California since 1846, died at his resi-ing eagerly the result of the yot'OginTascany, «J}Jrn'/meremanifeitationofmunicipalities,preparedmonths theywillbelikethewhitesquallsoftheMediterraneana«o, or a simple treaty " conveying" S»voy to France, —sudden and vjolent. I cannot give you any idea of was expected to prove a partial failure.t: ; i %the ignorance of the Court as regardBthe state of auairs shouldbepreferred. Intheabsenceofsuchexplao^ outsidethekingdom. InttecaseofTua^mjj^orm-tions from those w h o pride themselves on the frank,straightforward character of their policy, w e are re- s s'.uce, the strong irrpredion k*8..be^MtejippwnfiseparateA Calcutta dispatch of March 1 reports that the BahfeofBengalhadraisedtherateofdiscountone per cent. Inoigo had advanced five rupees, and wasGroton a mile and a half from Virginia City. These diggings Ithaca,the Romagna pass to Piedmont Jby popular yote; and indeed all parties tire disposed to attach its fttW.imr Savoy, andposeiblv Faucigxy and Chablais,.are "con-;veyed" to France by a different process. f. pcrtance to the great event now pending. t .CANTON, Feb. 14, I860. Tea very: active at unchanged rates. Exchange 4s.The Republican majorities are very large, and *he two Opposition are elected, one by 8 and tbe other-by 17majority. La*tyearthe Board stood5DemocrnA*S3d.®)4s.i%US^v •'.•."••••• :• ' •"""'• A^liii^eMag'ffttaliy, tookplaceatSwatowbe- annexation of territory—-for "much covets more -~ n.ade all the Liberals Annexationists, Until that tween the^iioiCliinese customsservice and aBritiauItwouldbecurioustoknowwhether,manyfuture BtreandinSicily tear andhatredofAustriahaveFrance will telect tbe latter moteof proceeding; and;iPovHr u drvtrtn out of Italy it is felt that thece are noUntitled Document;.?*'*& •" s '.::••/•••o 4 Republics, a.the gentleman has obtained neither sword nor sheath.Perhaps both will figure at the English sale. I know cisco dates to March 19, arrived here late last night.not whether it is allowable to call such acts as these stealing; but, at all etents, they are a. very peculiar specimon of what the wise call " conveying?'THE CASE O F RITCHER.The other day the Lower Court of Justice proposedthat M. Ritcher should be liberated on parole (our sys-SAN FRANCISCO, March 19—JE ai.The Japanese steam corvette, Candinamarrah, ar- ence b y painting a Senator so afflicted—an honest,ly. Almost all our principal towns are now connected P by electric wires. The Government has proposed to< if a slave code is not put in the platform.' The plat- form hi made ur»t, and as the slave.code will not be put in, w e do not see how Alabama can be in the Conven- tion when thePresidential voteistaken,ifthedele-Baron Soeiglitz to purchase the gold mines in Siberia;"•:dence i n Napa o nt h e24thinstant,agedsixty-threesell rising. Exchange 26id. v y^. i ^ ^Ulysses7 Republicans; S Democrat*; 1 Axaeriean.\l mmmmmmmmtXntmmIfil (I •III n IMontreal6& Cents,1861.Illinois Central 7s, 1860, (freeland). IllinoisCentral6sand7sNew-York Central 6 per cent Sinking Fund, 1883. New-York Central 7s. 1816....... ErieRailroad7a,1stMortgage,Erie Bailroad 7s, 2d Mortgage8,000 bales; stock in port, 233.000 bales; New-Orleans tresordi- —At the Republican District Convention held at Ja- naire, lG5fi; do. baa, 99f. BRKADBTUFFS firm, and advancing.v<niry. Tallow quiet; sales for d e m at 57/6; Aprilalone; 57/; April to June, 53/ i ery•:in March , , and October to December, 53/.PaascngerH*Mrs. Herah.Mfae Welsh, Mrs. McGeavy, Mrs. GTOsvenor, Mrs.land, McCrea, H . Butler, Robert MerrilLSailing o f t h e Niagara, for Boston. H A L I F A X , Saturday, April 7,1860.The steamfhip Niagara sailed atYp. m.for Boston,February, via the Sandwich Islands and San Francisco.TheobjectoftheEmperor,iusendingavesselto characterplaceshimfarabovethestrayarrowsoffairs will shortly resume his functi one. Count Panin. comes by this vessel. She will remain here until the the Supervisors stand 119 Republicans to 66 Demo-Minister of Justice, who was very recently appointed Powhatan arrives, and then return at once to Jeddo,to the important, post o f President o f t h e Commission to report the arrival of the Embassadors and suite thus fortheEmancipationof theSerfs,hasbeenreplaced farontheirjourney.The people of San Francisco are delighted at. thismanifestation of good feeling on the part of the Japan-ese government, and will do everything possible to en- gates from Maine, Massachusetts, or Indiana; that helucrative trade.which has already commenced between thiscountryandtheempireofJapan.Arrived 17th, ship Reporter, from New-York; 18th,nor —saysTheratesofpassage to New-York bythesteamer Another in Canton hasbeen formed,Henry Dabollgan, thinks that Gen. Lane of Oregon will be the grated fiom the mountains in the Caucasus to Turkey The export of wheat continues; 10,u00 sacks are on favorite of the Alabama delegates, and adds: " Ala-£*•.•• PERSIA.News has been received of the death of the Shah of ^i* brisk emigration has oommenced from all partsof gates obey their instructions."Recent telegraphic dispatches from India mentionofSardinia,wouldnotbe appliedtoSavoy. Therea- morsayswemaylcokoutforsquattsto-morrow. There thatthecottoncropin'dienorth-westernprovinceswill aide,isavastregionofminerals,andwonderfullyrich Town*.Supervisor*.PeterSounsbunry,Rep. Lyttleton F. Clark. Rep. LemiGrover,Rep. Henry Brewer, Pom. Pierce Dndley, Sop.»W.Mount.Rep.H. F. Hibbard, Amer. Benry Lord, Rep.Eonofthisdifferenceisnotsufficientlysetforthby istoappearanceofanyasyet,and^ifanydoappear,, those who make it, nor is it clearly'explained why athis3earbefavorable.The Tnesah sHk crop on the lowest part of BengalinsiWerandgold,althoughalargenumberofOurpeo- Caroline me continue to doubt the reliability of these accounts, Danby vvhichareprobablyexaggerated. Thepopular confi- Dryden dence in Washoe 1B gaining ground. T h e latest dis- Enfield covery reported is a new strike on the Comstock lead, Fewfieia;INDIA A N D CHINA.tiifstaSrfor the Washoe Mines. The correspondents of aS^e leading California^apersteU aboutftie same storv concerningthose mwes--that the country border- ing On the Sierra Nevada Mountains, on the easternTOMPKINS COUNT* TOWN MEETINGS.—On the 3d of of April the aniual town meetings were held in Tomp- kins County, N . Y . , and resulted a s follows:are said to be as riah as at the original opening of the Lansing...\ .(Ala.) Advertiser,a disunion o r - rirr-rrTgiiiMTinmesas'rsmitiT'"' "i 5 3 B^ t g -069'.;• •••'-•••jThomas M. Tryniski 309 South 4th Street Fulton New YorkS9SBMMBBg } ! ^13www.fultonhistory.comJ«^a,V^.tv^.,ai>.ii^;>i,.IJ, • ... .;..„„ :,,:.,yy;,-.;,,.;: ..... .. I ,. ,.,.,- ••.;.;.. 