 'fivearticle in favor of theWMt^^ IfBV-TORK. SATUBDAT, IfQT. 8, USB.fintkefcetarroeOAWtState of New-York, would be tl^the Fusion ticket, based • if¥df|' ttiffi-«agon9 recklassly diiven, atwciUn^^aBd naaUrMods forth acoraa af^aac»ta*^oaw> »—- VeriiAvvtam^p»»»BIZoaummjfr.eagle wUehtt «««uHt it—*; t*» osiiMtb one aaiTCH fbrrm houau.decisionwasreserved. Kr.NoTisspokeonbe- half of the pUintiffs.siiades oftics of the Fusionists as base, mercenary, andin the immediateneedless to say the work should precede thenewcrowds Increased fi>r t#o or three eaaMaSfTBS MBW.TOBK -~*.v-^tSpnM Mift HmmuhifeUy IntelligentAaiHaeaeBta HIBLOV aAWmK-D«pH«A»T.The Cowardice of Disanion.That was a of Hr. Botts when happy thoughthe denounced the idea of the South deserting the TTnion on account of fte -election of Hr.LiNCOLH, as " base, cowardly and unmanly." It is to run away, he says, "not only betoreThe Fate of a Piatitude.The project of AMerman Flatt has come toIts. fta~a'a Otiar) I* pohUihed ererr T«» Cun, Mrred at UMthem to a rerame of the entire preparegreatestj u awy WMy nMAw«teM«eapyyV teiuel/.or nrtntn SMJMMkMla K^/uU«cmnpemation.There was a dull Stock maritet yesterday, vrithwere stiU looking for ihsUrt. .flnae asUItin* Hnr.TORK mns (WM»iy>—tw» doh"* »ket pendmg the election, New-Tork Central closed 82^, United States Fives 102 i|^ centnodoubt many a ftmlhr dicie,jfcjBteiestedla#- eveningbythereeitatoF'ttewoaflHn'sigM. Bil¥»«»: flT» «ltiy>i|ilMTiiiiiIH»HA«i;'^"Z"' °!t'where the business of the office will be con- Shipowners claimed much higher rates on rupt combination to defeat Liitcoln can suc- ducted, daring the interval required by masonsjertto^TJu $1 taek, tkatt naive an extra eonf"-»"-integrity of purpose to believe that the cor- ceed.'The Herald for DisnaioB.The Herald of Wednesday has a stronganother examination is made this laamlBg tt'«fll ha found that the material ftmn wUeh the aadaeMa«l«k alZlpMiiMa ninber. forir«deddaJSnirtUerrlUlI«BU fvr ibwto eopiet. f.tSri^J!rtr.W.w-Y.«on({uently, restricted. Prices of the principal kindsimproved a shade, cloeing with less buoyancy. Afair demand prevailed for Coffee, Cotton, Hay, Hops,Porit and Beef Sugars attracted more attention. Fish, Hemp, Oil, Naval Stores, Metals, Bice, Seeds andSpices,wereinactive. wasment and an exettet ImagiBatlon.SviciDi or A Babxixpik.—An in^neet Wm»PP"»"f?; •»»">"• P""*' *" '"•»'«»'••F. B. Carpintkb isTn«^Kew.Yo,k City. tkiaBtsbIbs.Whisky depressed. as well as in Family Markets, were unimportant.'Thefoundedonthetextfurnishedbythecensus earlieranswer. ofSelaware. It seems that Delaware couvtained 2,290 slaves in ISfiO, wUcb number,according to our disunion neighbor, has beenthe teetimony that the deceased hadLAVBA KKKire'S THKATM-PaT3io ABB Fasot—TnBMio'iOnEA.^ntfcn eASDDt-a*Hn Tin.—smpms & co.five hundred invitations for this Winter's^reduced, during the last ten andthatjournalisdeeplymovedatthethoughtan end. untimelytheaugusttour.He has aslecturing twenty-five.T«n>—Wbai I3 It ?—Jouph ahd his Bxxthkih. BOCOBT k CAMPBELL'S, IIU>lo>B Saloon—Gtuiopiasnothing of the millions which have been in-vested in the public buildings at Washington,Arasy 9IoTemeBta> &e.tendered him, and vetoes the measure. It peclal Dispatoh to the K«w-Tork Timm. late Billiard tonrnament, was performed at Hr.in the naval ships, in the forts and arsenals, CANAIrSTBIXT-No. 36«—Vbitlock's FuxGalu&t and in the Custom-houses and Post-offices.might have been a snug thing and a pleasant to have obliged ten or twelve thousand mus-each^WAjmsoioH, Friday, Nov. 2. The dispatches from New-Graaada, the contents of which 1 gave yesterday, were wrongly stated toway. The presentationBroad- were deliveasd bTo> Oil yinrnias.NE'WS OF THE DAY.The address of Hon. Wji. H. Skward, at Palace Oairien, last evening, was listened to by as many thoasands as could gfet within sound of his voice,The people of the several States are joint ten-Mr. ofchampion cue was received by Mr. KAVAmAH, aad theBergercueliyMr.TiEHAmr.—while Jnaamenble thousands of Republicans in ardice from the apprehension that the Re-institution of the same brief Slavery. Duringof time, or at rate, within tenspace any years,heads, the of timid Re- terrifyingdiffiMent parts of the grounds, unable to get withinear-shot of him, were listening to other orators.who addi«ssed them irom platforms erected in theopen air. Mr. Sewabd, when he presented him-self in the hall, was received with the most enthu-siasticdemonstrations. Hespokeforanhourandpublican President may, in the face of hisNewUtah, and other territories with strange and un-of to Its owner.The steamship Northernon the 25th ult., arrived at this port yesterday,whiteabout 8,000,000theBritishforcefromtheIsthmus. Thewar Brooklyn had arrived at Panama, from Bocas del Tora, and that the route between thatpelPresident, Gen. Mathee, in the Chair. RniMLrH A. Wittiiacs and J. N. McEujoott were elected mem- bers of the Association. Dr. Gbisooh reported' thatFrom Peru we learn that the American Repre- sentative, Mr. C lay, had delivered hii uUimatuni in regard to the claims of American citizens against the Government of that country. The uUinuUum was rejected, and Mr. Clay hart de-when these arebe avoided or delated."werenamed Jdhitsos, was badly injured. Anothermanded hisbut President Castillawill doubtless have its influence on Western voters. It is an issue already ac- cepted in this State, and many citizens whosetoMr. Halusat offered the following resolution,LaiwOitytounanimously to resist invasion of her has been current that the Department declines anyci bore a very bad communitycharacter, and theproprietor jeweler'sULight,population ;and his own and make unworthiness,him call fora million and a in treasure quarterdeductingers and their families, we have 6,400,000 ofstringingbringing nearlyand the California mails of the 11th ult. Our cor- respondent transmits particulars of the late Sena- torial election in Oregon, of which we have al- ready received notice by the Overland mail.formality exacted by the act of Congress, thatwords cleverly together to aid him. Each art. ac-cording to tlig very- sensible conclusions of Mr. Paoe,has its compensating pow ers wliich makes it foolish-ness for the advocates of any particular art to placetheir favorite above the others. So far from thinldngpassingUnion, merely think not.tothe slaveholders ?hrui tJie piea*- ur.' of listening to the first of the series, can doubt.—— two American citizens one a naval officer re-obligeeminentlyhad been arrested.was brought before Commodore tfONTQOHXRT, whoaddressed a note to the British naval commander, and it was speedily followed by a withdrawal ofthe Union must deplorebut, or not. it is deplorabletofusing respond,The matter;We obtain by the Northern a Lightproofdeemed by these parties incapable of exertinga sound discretion in matters relating to them- selves, it may be, in fact, impertinent to pro-largeamount. Re-pressed.lortni|fat'i later advices from the different Centraltunes in the South have been madevestment of money, hy slaveholders, in landsAmerican States, but they are quite unimportant.and itmay exceed $10,000. Measures of securityResolved, thatwith the authorities, to have an ordinance passedWe have advices from Buenosto the 22d which owe all their fabulousincrease of price 'bondsmen. Vt.. Nov.2. BuBil?rOTO?f, Friday,compellingthe iniroducUoneveryof September. The terrific storm which visitedthat piace.on the 29th and 30th of August had veryone or twoany plan for the building been fixedH. M. Bates, the, defaulting State Treasurer, ab- probably fled to Canada. The amount of his defalcation, asin sufficientnumbersable the poor to supply themselves with as little in-convenience as possible..1 general discussion upon the subject of atioei-little effect commerce of the as thecan be achieved bytheagencyof Mr. Dodo-onjthe port,goods and vessels lost were mostly insured in Europe. The e.xtent of the damage to Amer-uponthe course of the discussions, theInfrom Aspinwallthese housesandWe When these facts shall be brought to their attention, as they will be by the friendsuponpointsof directAyresthe hope it once entertained that the extirpa-tion of Southern ITltraism and Disimionism sconded from Northfield last night and has;interesting,sloopof-a portion of the building and badly injuring severalApostle,"sympathywhen Charies Harris, a negro boy, Bowery, to sell a""intention, at least, of quitting their inheritance demagogue may set up as a Theof such presumption would be greatly in-inUtah. TheappointmentofJudgeJ.P.Kiknkt target.look^»^"' *^<i ^ ^i"^^^,^to theof the generalent movement is increased cost andpublic dissatisfaction. AnyArctic,Chief-JusticeshipTerritory giveswUl, we hope, belate State Treasurer of Vermont,may'telegraphthe streetsBars,is discovered to be a deftnlter to a large amountbetween forty and fifty thousand dollars. He hasabsconded, and is supposed to have gone to Canada. ornamented his windows with the;^«^ g^In fact, some Two steam boiler ezploeions are reported in our South Carolina cockadeEarniDgsPa;m;i°'i'roughtout thesight a"""'''"•"*''JJiJihter,andcolumns tliis the morning—one on;step-$193,9*0. Increase over the same time last vear,Mississippi h"r *^ ^^^ °**"' >" New-Haven. The steamerafterkilled ISdisgrace inflicted on the leasSt. Joans, N. F., Nov. 1, tw Sactvtlle. No., i.I S-„^';S^^f«"pi" -"- whitewash. He was ycstetday ..,ai::.i!:tvlfjr ;.-'>.•reported at thirty, besides frominmy otiinion,can now bevehiclesPo!yttN;h:iic -lastitu'.e i;\ Jr.'n5se:aerThomas M. Tryniski 309 South 4th Street Fulton New York 13069county and in-</' Man-hst'-r,iVornN-^w-,udm* «f»»Sd.Tr«kfa«CTia.apon..fl«e as- coirupabUitiroffliepeo-conf^lngnues are even nowae weatner.expeilenoedni««»^ te«riin«wty« pcntiMiofthebnUdiBg•Ad<««v*n^.iqntiiif«*r. ewl pewoM, one or two of irtibiii wffl pwbAljr*e.sumed cowardice and ple."unfit uses. for theirAt Aieeial Teim of the Svpreme Oooit, yeater-dar, jSdce Bonar aostained tha damnrrer ol em as to the the defendant to the complaint in the divorce suit gentlemanlarge, if not the largest pnbliahing house in EDgfamd, has paid a merited compUmentless disposition to move either way. On thd to the polit- insultingmindcan acommission artist,whohasrecentlyreceivedfrom Bev. Hr. the members of BuOBiB, delightedthe Atheneum Club, last evening, with an elo- quent lecture on Art.freights, and buaineaa in breadatufisconse-It was one ofdifferent site, that there would be no such;was manounflayctured was aa anbUectnial biped Ofa»>with reference to his private property? He the editor of the Herald announces, with ais tenant in common with two other men shudder of horror, that within a very fewprosperity of New-Tork City and the Free States ard to manage it iigainst his wishes, and teen Slave States. In view of this irapendtagto the Chlriqui Expedition,a with remarkable succinctness hali^ presenting;authentication. So they—the issues of the day. He commented upon the in an estate they combine and elect a stew- years there will be twenty-eight free to four-of consideration.Gen. A. S. JoHH8o^ has been assigned to the com- tention to the fact that the concert of to-day will pn>>compared with that of Xew-Orleans and the by way of vindicating his rights, he is advised Slave States ; ascribed it to the influence of free to abandon the estate, incontinently, to histakewithout such of are left to the latterworthyGen. Habsit has been offered his choice of the de-of the West and California. He willably select the former, and relieve Col. Smrms. The order of assignment will be made to-morrow.bably be the last or last but one of the season. Theroads and drives are in especially fine condition, aad we recommend the public to muster there ia force this afternoon.a.*!calamity, the organ of the disunion traitorsflictgave his reasons forAsserting thatthe Repnblican Party stands precisely where the co-tenantsurges uponimportancebeg- partments the Common Council fell intoprob-histitotioDiman of;Wouldand declared that such advice, or any true friend give it ?!anyspiritsung, and the meetmg Mjoumed. During the property. No doubt of it. But would they natural, we know, for men who have nolooking exceedingly well.A very large and enthusistic meeting was_held in the vasty deep." But did they come ? To and time-serving as they grow old but we can-Blau, Eighth Infantry, to be Captain of the same,; Bo^CrM!R.od Wednesday evening, to hear a speech suppose that the Northern Confederacy would not help calling to mind the fact that only trom Wer'SBliBT J. Sathond, of New-York, on make such a concession to the seceders is to three or four years ago the Herald urged andperoga-the MMliig Qnesticai of the Day. We copy aaexceOjiat iep<»i from the Rochester Dtmocrat and suppose, not merely peaceable accession, but advocated, while it predicted the speedy over-AmeriuoL Kr. Bathond examined in detaU and a perfect willingness on the part of the Fede- throw of Slavery, not merely in Delaware andCapt. BiSBAM, finding it impossible to attend to his duties as Engineer of the Washington Aqueduct, will be relieved as soon as the Secretary of War selects his successor.so quickly did the flames spread, that it waa imposai- ble for the lads to escape except by the rear entiaaoe on Second-avenue. Not many mlnntes el^ned after the disoovery of the fire before a distance included 'within the raSUns of half a telle fromrefuted the of Hr. Yxsosy argumentsral Administration ta break up the Govern- Missouri, but in Maryland, Virginia, and Ken-means of introducing the institu- ment. It would amount to a direct premium tucky. But now, in the wealtness and imbe-thonai^ljanioSa Boothem agitators In favor of SlaveryQ. the premises was brilliantly illuiainated by the flames, and firemen hurried to the plaoepropMandiaD bytion mto . Northern Territories and reopening the on treason, to offer a rateable proportion of cility of old age, it revolts at the consequencesfrom all directions. were OperationsSlave-trade. Hr.Baykokofurtherdiscussedtheqoeatioa of disunioii in all its bearings. He sawte-tl# threat notiiing to dissuade an^ citizen fromvotiac for Kr. Liscoln, and believed that the that the people of the United States own more We not credence to the storiespronptly commenced with the object of subduing the tre, tmt the combustible character of the stock nullified everymasse* of the South were utterly opposed to seces- sion.have_ giventhan a tliousand million acres of public of millions having been, raised by the mer-thoughtlessness so capital an opportunity hasdestroyed. The loss on the stock of cabiaBt.waie is estimated at $15,000. Upon it is aninaiuaaca for$10,000 in the SU Mark's, Park, East Biver, KingsA very numerously attended meeting of the Union Party was held at the Cooper Institute lastwith more than one himdred chants of to bribe and been lost to His Honor. lands, together New-Tork, newspapersCounty and Rutgers Insurance Mr. A. Cmnpaaies.public property to the traitors.When we reflect, therefore, upon the factof its own teachings, and turns away in horror from its own ofl&pring.Parades af the Brcckiaridge aad the Daaglas City.who are and directlyMaryland TheDIIEADFIIL BOILER £XFLO!SXO>e>.Strambaat Exploalan on the Mississippi- Thirty Ferseaa Killed—Finy Wonnded.New-Okleans, Friday, Nor. 2.interested in slave property. It is estimated that thesubject, and enter its temple, and that with liead and leet uncovered, and » ith a thrill of awe in that presence wlilch must the Attorney-General, and been found in all by the people of the corrupt scheme effusion was in tlie Breckinridge procession, and also many per.etraie every true .^^oui witli a sense of its grandeur,rights, but herare to or- not disposedto solicit the plans of professional" N. B.— and murder,who thinks it '^to steal, robtheyears of age, came toto the place, and offeredganizeanto have itsown ideas reduced toneedWhy the worthy trustees should feel calledupon to narrow down competition in this way we are unable to say. We hope that the in- terests of the Institution under their care will not suffer by the manifestation of this exclu- siie and intolerant spirit.Persbaal Paragvaphs.—Rev. N. S. S. 6. Bkhan. D. I)., the pastorconsideredentirelyjustifiable.isSheridan Kaawles. Philamlphu, Friday, Nov. 2.Bbksidam Knowlis, lost in steamerwas not the author, but the Philadelphia Agent of th$. American Bank-Note Company, charged with the performanceofworkfortheEmperorofRussia.Badaaa River Railroad. AiaAKT, Friday, Nov. 2.uncle, inenews is unim- when its is originsuch Will—I The great satisfaction.portant. H.M.traitorsnvmbe? tT\ Memphis to New-Orieans, and tho portents of capitals. The most burningabandoned.but was sure it was a bras. « atch, and;largestcontingentlyof the Slave States is nowChurchrespects validsuch an event as aand, but for the additmnal that political wire-pullers and office-holders Washlngtonians. _^___^__peopleadmitting, for argument's sake, that the Re-pubiican policy would deprive the 1,600,000diate forpreparations building. Perhaps,indeed, this Legislative assent will be regarded as so much a matter of course, that operationsIf these premises are correct, Ooitolas, and the principles which he represents, are. practically speak- ing, no longer at Issue in this campaign. The can- vass is reduced, by Indications which are propheticthat art with the perishedslaveholders of theirwill the 6,400,000 non-slaveholders agree to abandon theirs, also, by going out of ther^aiurc. and this image of nature ..be tofornied andrightsin theTerritories,phis to New-Orleans, exploded on Wednewlay night. Thirty persons were killed, and forty to fifty scalded.Kxplonion and Loss of Life iu N'evr-Ilavrn. ISkw-Havbs, b'riday, .Nov. ;i.made vital the inner hfe byofSouthern men and Northern men are alikepound liasinquiries, such as these and if it has, what are its details ?ment of public hydrantsto en-totheexclusionSlaveryfromthem.:the Republican policy, fromwas stated in our former ing this prosperity by importing negro slaves,;butsubject this " as the great act needful to be done," furtherand it isill increase tlie amount.byto degrade white labor.withheld,spoil-is regarding far as ascertained, $42,000,thaticanadvices. Thein the city was so great as to necessitate the rent-ing of stqrehonses by Government, and cargoeswere often sold at a loss. We receive also laterintelligence from Montevideo. The debts of the private channel that the attempt to raise a erally made public in the journals, and soshippingprovoked, time and again, ations, many_ of them sensible, and more ofamount of ^oods in bondvarietyofsugges-"that Providence may aj^int."8erl0BaAsaanlt.Albaht, i'ridav, iSov. -i.ato one hundred millions ofcountry, amounting Companydesignerof New-Orleans" advertises for sever- al first-class teachers in the various branchesin producing congenital dea&eaa, being a translatiaa.ofa paper M. to the French by Miauaa,phTaiclaasettled claims, had been adjusted at ninety-five cent, discount. The tone of the Montevidean Presstect.These should bethrowingpeoplearmed resistance to men of straw,architects,No/jnatMrighttimated that the Mormons entertained no present that every popinjay politician or disappointed paper, briCk and mortar. The probable fruitjeweler, believing that the property had ^e^^f^'lj'whom he represTM refened the lad to the DetecUve, »tobefondof bargains. Slowey maktogand It to be worth thnepiece, judgingfore this reaches you its authorbe taken to widento the new Post-office ?at the Dutch' Ican'tletIt gofo'r"f>f^'g^^was,advantage of a present. .<'As it eveailig,wbichwasaddressedbyHon.Ja8.S. sitionoftheSouthernJ>isunionistBistoaban- lessmanythousandshavebeencollectedand peacefulmengotothepollsunstaid,voteHon. Jas. K. Clinton, of HisdMlppi, and Hon. C. L. Vallindigbau, ofThaTU, of this City;don this untold wealth to the Iforth, frombut weThe Breckinridge Democraticprecessionto-night. That of the Breckinridge men was the Union, as if she goes out most numerous and best appointed, being aidedtival. And all because Sheriff Kxlly hasdisplayedspeeches.By the steamship Hommonic at this port, frompanie^.Southampton, on tiie IStb ult., we receive LondonKeitt andall occasions to take this position. But the BUM, have been too much for the weak nerves—papers of that cJate two daysYakckt,QcATrLn-cessionheartilycheeringtheBell-EverettHead-quar-With this result, the era of election bullyisin ters as it passed, and receiving hearty responses. it is impossible to give a fair abstract of this reallylater than the Fiil- tcm't mails. The London Times asserts that a new alliance has been cemented between Russiasubject,"Art." Inthenarrowlimits4ifapaiagraphmillion of other property, and that the propo- voters, in behalf of the Fusion ticket. Doubt-is,obligedto submit to seeW. SwiiT owned the Imlldlnn, and the Ioh opaa themprobablyamountsto$15,W0;inmiedfor$IMM in City Companies. The pieoiiaai No. • finuuai avenue, also constituted a of the aaaattc-can President, we think that Mr. Botts has dinary zeal by the beggarly subsidies whichmisJJI' filHllwTIi r that Alabama, Florida. Missis- unmanly." needy pensioners. The known trick of desert- politan Police have surrounded election daythe slavehold-;something more than the mere power ofandof Union in the South, they will indignantly re- in charge of the business are thought to be un-the ists.cowardly propositionof the Disunion-It is needless to say that we dissent from Slavery from the Territories is the denial topersons.to by an issue which cannot and GxoE'iEreportsport and Aspinwall is impracticable for a railroad. and deny the proposition that the exclusion of best adapted to popular wants, and what isthe Slaveholder of theirpublic lands. They would still be at perfect liberty to go and settle on them, or to buy them, aod them until thepassports,was urging him to remain and reopen negotiations.There seems to be a disposition on the part of thePeruvian Government, if the Lima Press reflectsits'views, to leave tte whole question to the de-cision of the United States Supreme Court. The know, has been the custom of slaveholders nine-tentlis of the community do not want it.attempted reT<dtition in Bolivia had been sup- many yearsfamilies occupying such houses are obliged to resort to grog-equalshare in theThe real issue could not be morewere to the hands of thekeepfrom the >!i>rth and the South settle around been superciliously disregarded and thethem, and render them valuable.office is to be where permanently placedThis, we for and many of the for-MoNTPELIER, Vt., Friday, Nov.•£.pres- reality too contemptible,known, for notice ;but be-policyany stepstheprice. Thereply was $10,to the Herald that Virginia is for re-— arming leadingIt is already too narrow formarked, "Well, anyhow." Apparently'r^./ogcer pursued him. Jfrom theand succeeded, ,f^''''-I,"°„i,sequenUy ascertained .securing his arrtsi. "";;• ,pn from Robert Brown.house the[;';!', J, „bose prisonersistance.arethe business now transactedput his hand inplexion Dec:ime sc.eraiUiat,crowding Uiecarriage-* ays,immigrantsVermoatStateTreasnrer 'a Lar(e Amonat.by the in-under the cover ofFusion," an avowed Dis-a Committee be to confer appointed—We learn through a them otherwise, have been of " Minute Hen" at Richmond, placed within reach of theagency Fastidiols.Mr. O. W. MoBBis, one of the oSeers of the DeafViBGiNiA Abmimq.elicited, and gen-or archi- examined, and whereol this—The " Dolbear Commercial city named Jous Pxacr, entered tlie premises kept by on the effects of the intermarriage of blood relationsper (Va.,) originated in a quarter which, so farto hisand thenhim iDiperial Inslltute for Deaf Mutes.8 represented to be very bitter towards Brazil, from entitling the movement to respect, has commendable adopted. To have faults of of a scientific and Uteraiy course of educationeyes,beating tliree badThe attendance last was evening largerthan usual.with which country an open rupture was proba- brought it into general contempt. A fnend contrivance and arrangement added to thebut by way of nota bene the advertisers put wounds. CEAarnLD drew a revolver and shot Pbbot in a condition wliich is likely to interfere with twice, both balls entertog the stomach. Pxaor cannotPallee Reparta.TBADIKO WITB' IRE WKONO CDSTOKEK.On was Thursday evening Detective Sloweyble. The Brazilian Minister had retired and gone writes us that "All sensible men are quietly radical fault of location, would be the con- home.survive. Thequarrelaroseoutofasuitforthepos-We have received our correspondence from Salttha ]2d ult. The " ChiefHniB, had delivered m the Bowery a very abu-sive harangue against the Government and peopleof the United States, in the course of which he in-aughing at the matter.Virginiais prepared summation of ill-management. The rumorof aIt is as followsclass of :enterprisingambitious tailor has fluous to say they terriblehi* of which soThis opinion of aof the office grows with the of the expaiuionand theopinion agreeinregarding the tac-vicinityof theoffice.It ishas voted at kindness from our late royal guest—every Preaidential election, and has made up hisboon, and at IH o'clock in flie •flsneen, atdle a BuAartime it will The changes in other branches oi. General Trade, States, in the event of Mr. Lwcoln's election. the office ad interim. The question, however,LxoKABB Ibrua, a man 22 of who hat years age,beenemployedfbrsomettmepastaabaricaapwat Kessfer's Hotel, No. 47S Pearl street. It was li^aaWAU^CVS'TBXATU—runire with Fiu.mwBffinnTTBXATRt—Paui.Josib—Raodl—Vt wearewhipped,butbefijreweareevenstruck to outthisremiiantofthe insti-the N£WS FKOn THB MATIONAX CAPITAL. was so much Iniozicatad that he amid ^wp •» is- telUblbleaccountofthemannerinwhichhe&adbeeninjnred. Thepolteeremoved'hjmtotheNew-Tork Hospital, and itwa&tiKragbtthat he wonldaot meowtt. The Billiabd TfmBNAnHT.—VanKtrrArm OF Coxs.—Yesterday the oeremony of pieieulattoaWin'sCou—DouGiBLofGiboa. ablow." TheGoTernmentoftlietJnionownsBOXXnea airSim—Obt »nd Erening-^iAiiisl hundreds of millions of public lands, to say the South to that of the North. In thefraaiantsofthis vastpropertytion of the iisunionists is for the South to abandon it all, to turn it all over to the States which adhere to the Union, from sheer cow-invade SouthernWhat would be thought of a private indi-vidual who should act on this disunion policy,pledges,rights.;into it from the North, and from Earope, thus leaving no hope for the preservation of the venerabledoing, authorizing do, belongingwould otherwise have been unrewarded and the I.egation now In charge of the Vice-CoQsal at PixESo Siatooso, No. 6 Clbiton-p^e, was lost over-and the proposi-cularfriendsbypayingthemfivedollarsfor and them to what have been received from Minister Jonas, instead of Teeasobi Teove.—A trunk to Mr.that fouryearsof Republican rule willservehad an equally speedy transit throughceable names will be fijled pronoun upof actual riot or insurrection ; in short, that he has noAmoAea^populations,and admitted into the Union, andState, relative the Ad- ministration as an impertinent lutermeddling, and un.the South theimmediate action. Secession, it main-alternative,with itsexpendedin thisway,acquitour co-portionThe vexed and veteranin Ohio and Indiana Pennsylvania,of the Post- of settlement. The deeds and vouchers of title of the Dutchoffice seems on thea doubt, that these States will their electoral votes to Mr. Lincoln, and it re-only theoretical and practical, that onepropertyhavepassedtheofproper repudiationWith so marked athat the masses areto be a defaulter to the State to aliable authority puts the amount at $30 OCO to $40,000;preferringapply.watch, which he said was owned by hisvergebeyondbothdare tread over tlie threshold of tWsnienceduly taciturn. For it may not be too violent a stretch of Democratic doctrine, to consider public opinion as a very safe judge of what .is;aplainfact, which cannot be gainsaid or obUterated,has justNew-Torl£ Sanitary Asaoriatioa.The regular monthly meeting of this Associationin regardto which the authoritiesA terrrlilc acciilcntand which should, therefore, be looked at and acted boiler of the factory of Daw & Bbothkks, makers offact, the voice of the North, In the expression of itssentiments at the polls, will neither be feeble nor un-certain. A million majority wUl show the fidelity ofthe Northeni masses to the Instincts of their section, a fracture of the skull. Two others, G. G. Baldwik the papers In the case of CATBAEon Gobdoh, tlM sui-a position submitted with more than ordinaryappealedDewoik,badlyscalded. Anothercide, who purchasedreally promotive of popular convenienceof an Eastneglected comply with tlie law reg-South-character of the ap- country,treasonable manifesto of the Herald is is one that can waitbeenof.la^ despqadean^ onThursdayeveningr,heretiredtoUsroomaSnitw out Us bcalaa. A veniiet la aceordaoce with tlalheiiwas rendered.FovKS Dtiho nr ihi Stur.—Aboiit S o'clock,yesterday momtog, •'snn naoad Ta^a. Coiuan' «» fon^d on the ftdewalk opposite ITo. 41 LatueoMtreet, suffering from a gim-shot wound ia the Tttfniwh. Hameantime, the same melancholy Ate, it is apprehended by our superannuated cotemporary, will befall Missouri. That State, it argues, is now bounded on three shtesrtiyHlinots,IowaandfreeKansas,with the tide of freetown. But Sheriff Kxlly declines theofficechampionand his of the rival,Washington, Jefferson, Dacotah,Mexico,Steam Fibi-E.voise Exhibitiok.—We under-afternoon, o'clock, and may be seen at tfie house of the ExemptEngine Company in the Park.Cenibal Pake Comcebts.—We would call at-immigration flowingquestionindicates,Tiicre is intense ex^-itement throughout tlie City. give The Unionists are also holding large meetings.diffidence in the present case,the choice of a site, the idea ofing the wishes of Democratic majorities has positionRice,ispoison, District-Attorney, by whom they would beyears,to 1805;Having passedyet acceptedbutwipe peculiartution, and transfer Delaware from the side of assent of the executive officer of the county,Mew-Oimnadm—Prab- sble Failare af Ae NIcarasnaa TreatT—seeingthat in respect-presented the Grand Jury for action at their next session.Church. What with sidewalks soof the New-York Press will no doubt as to admit of two persons passing only with father of the very much overrated Southern spout- »li3,Sl00.store in an instant.and the trioher «, >^'" *>•«" "P on Wednesday night, on soon announce this fact with all the alarming difficulty, and which are nevertheless thronged er Yancky, is one of tUr most energetic men of The City af IHaachrster Outward Bound. Ihat thi- »i.tcl. h"'Jseveral blocks, inofthethe day and what with the count- his age, in the world. He is at the head of tha throughout ;;discussion,Whereas, There are in various .sections of the CHywith freeonlybe mustered in thepresenceof regarded bygaVly pay.The truth is,addressed their resolves to Mayor Wood. the Sixth Infantry, and Maj. HormAH, of the Sixth, to o'clock, in the large cabinet manufactory of Swm A eveningtheWide-Awakesparadedingreatforce, getit? GtKSDOwTtRcould"ealispiritsfrom fixedpurposeorprinciples,tobecometimid Thatfunctionaryhasyettoacquireareputa- beLieutenantColoneloftheEighthInfantry; Lieut. ScHArriK,locatedatNos.124,138and128EastHous-ton-street. Itoriglnateainsomeaccidentalwaj,inFaAers of the Bepublic stoodit was his belief that the threats of a dissolutionof the nmon would cease when Likcoln waselected. After the speech Bepublican songs were would demand their proportion of the Federal at the approaching electiod. It isFire in HaBataa<«treet. BCBKIKO or A CABIKET XAMTrACTOBT—;tains,is theironly hopesafety,LOOTofIt is idle to say that the seceding States in the event of a Republican triumphOhio. AcorST Beuiost, Esq., occupied the mere apprehension of injury from a Republi- temporary of having been excited to extraor- The prevention of dishonest voting will have night was large and enthusiastic. It con- tory, connected with it by a bridge on the tm. TheChair. AU of the speakers expressed their appre-henajtOM of a dissolution of the Union in case of "the atactiim of Liscoln, and Mr. Clinton said it justly characterized it as base, cowardly and the Fusion Committee have doled out to its undramatic traditions with which the Metro-Seuth CaroUoa, would in that event Ljecede.that the exclusion fers firom the weakeron both sides, and the South. This reply assumes that the South admit that the Herald's ardor in the cause of the sturdiest friends of imion and harmonyeven ifenthusiasm wasdemonstrations ended with inusb meetings and has no other interest than Slavery, and no disunion proceeds more from fright than fromother than slaveholders. The considerations. Theclubs of a well-disciplined and courageous police are among the risks to be encountered.being unfavorable. A singular feature was the pro-Mr. Page, the artist, on Thursday evening, deliv-ered a lecmre before the Atheaflsiim Ctab, his .people propagandistsSlavery mercenaryand Disunionists make bold on and bluster ofgasconadeknows that it is as false in fact as it of its conductor. His case is rather calculated and Austria, and lunher believes that an attempt is insulting to four-fitths of the white popula- to excite commiseration for imbecility, amongmay be regarded as finally closed.DnCGLAS Out or the Canvass.—The Saint PaulPtoneerandDemocrat,aleadingorgan of Mr. DocGLAS in the West, has a very sensi-and written A curt interesting ably paper.will be made to induce the Court of the Tuilleries to adopt a more conservative policy. The Timet thinks that Vienna has made promises of acquios- ence in Muscorite plans in return for the Czar's as- sistance. The St. Petersburgh Gazelle character- izes the Warsaw meeting as one that will tend to guard the peace of Europe from dangers and evil chances. The French Bishops arc very bitter in their denunciations of Piedmont for the invasion of the Papal States. According to the correspond- ent of the London Times the Papal Nuncio, who has left Paris, will not return.There is no later intelligence concerning the civil war in New-Granada. From Panama we learn that the British Proteotorate over the Isthmus had led to disagreeable results. It seeins that the sentries stationed at the British and French Con- sulates since the late riot, had received instruc- tions to hail all personscountrywho have no direct or indi- interest Slavery.Tliere were in 1850, 347,000 slaveholders in theSouth. Theremaybeat thepresenttime 400.000, and if we allow each of these persons to be the head of a white family, four in num- ber, there would be 1,600,000 free personsandwhite people whose interests are identical the transfer be sanctioned by the State Legis- with Ihose of the of the North. Now, lature, there is nothing to prevent the imme-The whole affair passed off creditably, and the ap- pearance of the procession was much admired.The Douglasites al.^o had a procession, 'numbering astatement of the principal points which Mr. Paox intends to con- vey in the series of lectures to which this of last eve- ningissimplyintroductory,isallthatispossible. Astion of thethan at the indignationSouth, rect inthoughtful people,doctrines which his fears treasonable havedictated.The Fnture Post-olB<ce.thousand Douglas iavincibles and others.party,moneyscrutinygardshave endeavored to concoct. The Dt^ocrat expects to see every Slave Stat^ go for Bbeck-Washington. ^•will be commenced in anticipation of it. If both In their tenor and to a contest between force,flowingfrom aknowledgeso, it is quite time that the public should haveLiHCOiv and a Free Code on the one hand, and Bsick- IKEIDQKandaSlaveCodeontheother. Thisisare- sult which all who cherish the peace and harmony ofof the only Uving God."Mr. Page proposes to deliver additional lectures be-foretheAthenaumonthesamesubject,andthattheywill be none whotwo or threeinformationbearing upon the general interest and conve-:poison toBroadwayhasdisclos^ures win was inperformed New-York, bad, wfaldlGaa.VViTMOEE, Mr. Hauidat, Dr. Auz. SnntnaDAOr. BiBBinsparticipated,andthereputationoftkaCthr Inspector's de^rtment suffered.super-oftheThe Hudson Biver railroad earrungs for Octobertohisshield, oro^jj^,, ^.^ „„.he boltedcontractedof a Presbyterian church in Troy, andareThe steamship CoUntitled Documentthe it is mass,evident that the aT»-from that mstltution, besides attending constantlyand personally to the varied dutie* of an extendedpastorate.increase of foreign corre- to two of the New-Tork reporters who accompa- street sntf vleinttf^ yesterday afteraoon wp,.. iT' w feOBtlac the City of JoBH Waltoh •«. K.La> H. Waltoh. The peals which the Fnsionista make to the voters spondence, it is easy to foresee. They will nied the Prince on his American travels, by re- vicdma ofa honwhieh, tf the anrnber of thowti^plaintiff, who was muiderad In July last, is giventwentydaysinwhichtoamendhiacomplaint. AtChambers of the Supreme Court, before JusticeLIONABO,Wi(.CuBtuNoTBSconcludedtheargu- ticlewhichwecopiedfromthatjournalsome ience. Weconceiveit tobeaninevitable RauhFabhbah,thesolesurvivorofthe discoverthewhereaboatsofaaof New-York, accords with that ex- entirely«• one of the AboutnoonamaUaiDadsofpeoplewereseanpressed by the Charleston Mercury, in an ar-fMlHr-TOKK man (ta^wtaur)—tbbh doi.- ment in the Seventh-avenue Railroad case, and the days ago. High-toned Southerners of aU and Immediate necessity to widen ettery street battle of Bunker HIU, and the recipient of mnch said, was perched oa a pMjectlon near the dlaL Thestances unavoidable,Wt^^^mgrm "JK""-^*"!•.» wm.m^^m W maquiteWhat they vill be hereafter whea the tMuiness—ACBinnUI. CITY HBWS.Tm Eaoli H6ax.-The deniians of wjifurnish incessant proofs of the error which so disregarded the exigencies of public conven-In is a Ikir laMs,dmm^ sad coUm' lotAliig at tha spiiet,'next.ical influences which have been affecting the mar- differ from us, they concede to us too much It will also be a mattei of interest to know Mr. Williah Paqe, a distinguished Ameri- bird of some kind. Thonaand* of naaolaaawlt, a^people;and widely as theyerection of thebuilding.to vote forLlHCOLKTuesdayeasle, others an owLaJl >»»<tt waaawoBdailUand carpenters.anarchicalperiod butitisin circum-and in due secessionoftheSouthern beofgeneralconcerntoknowthelocaleoi of:Tork, Princeofshortly be sent to London for istheothersdemand anbyassemblywhichthatgentlemanillustrates,itBoardofConncUmen,andonlyneededtheThe DlspateheaSheriff Killt, to become a week's law of theBogota.The Nicaraguan Treaty will probably fall to theas the Nicaraguan Congress will not be con- vened, in spite of Mr. DimraY's efforts, in extra ses- sion before the time fixed for the exchange of ratifica- tions shall haveiswarrant for levying war in time of peaceand that the shoulder-hitters would be as com-pletely unsheltered by the forms of law, ifdeputized by him, as if they entered the con- mand of the department of Texas.board a few days since from on board the steamship Biimyille, sbA tbe lid having burst open, most of the contenu sank. On Thursday, oSeenillegal, namely, the pimching of innumerableRepublicanpublican voters, and the triimiphant defeat of theWide-Awakes. ButtheSheriffhaslooked up the statutes, and found that his posse canground,Has1>t and Scttokhowever, fished a ofan error or two, from which maturer reflectionwe shall bewithout hindrance, and depart lumolested.to be iftibmitted to. Inshort,square. by Itarguesthatthe resultoftheStateelections Thereisspeakingandgreatenthusia^^in.iNKincE, and adds":las in the present campaign itwillgreetitsaccomplishment throughanyeipecledcleamng, and themanner in whichthat work wasCollegeassault on him—a hand-the prospects people.largesession of tbe'premises occupied by CsAsruLB.;;questingtrip for publication prior to the Christmas holidays.expired.S^HDFOiD's letter to tlie Secretarystand that a steam fire-engine, budt by theCompany of Manchester, N. H., will be worked at RUey's Pole, (Flflh Ward Hotel,) this at tisUnited States Marine Band, fromgenerallyona full lengthportrait of Ei-Gov. Claek—a duplicate of which held yesterday by Coroner CKxin upon tha body ttpaintingis to take an honored position in the picture galleryour Hall. — CityBaowN's picture of Oie Bay of New-which willWales,Gallery.—Rev. Hekby Wari) Bxichcb has receivedthe still on exhibition at the Crayonaddicted to and in a At of intemperance,By the death of Gen. Claee, Lieut. Col. Sewbll,would have saved them. They should have Eighth Infantry, is promoted to be Colonel of A fire broke out last evening, soon after 6a restricted view of hiswhat masterly and audacious leadership he First Lieuten ant of the same.POLITICS IN BALTI^IOKE.Special Dispatch to the Vew-Tork Times. Baltihou,Friday,Nov.2.tion fortives, and has more than x>nce showed with and Second Lieut. Buss, of the Eighth Infantry, to be ing, in which at the time two boys were at work, aadtakingcan wield the valor of the fighting classes.Had his aid been sought in this extremity, itis impossible to over-estimate the ingenuitywith which the plain letter of the law wouldhave been strained to furnish the show ofauthority, and the zeal and energy with whichthe contest would have been conducted. Itis, in fact, deplorable that through Aldermanic DeaiocracT—Excitemeat Tbranghont the effort, and in a very short time all three buildings werethe tame and tained about four thousand torch men uni- fire was prevented from reaching ttds InUmng, but the stock it contained vras damaged probab^ to tlwto the exclusion of thosejoning building. No. 130, owned by Mr. W. Q. Hbt- Tos, and occupied by that gentleman. Mr. W. Rasa. Mr.MabtihMolonetandMr.Gasebu.,all ofwboeewill bewill be excluded from its share in the Terri- which is as a characteristic of our violent, desperate and deadly affrays which paitially illuminated. The procession contained a furrjiture is much damaged by water. None of theButtheDisunionistswillsaythattheSouth ingtothestrongsideontheeveofthebattle,preserved,recognizedmade separate torchlight parades In iialtimore last tories as completely, if she remains in the neighbor, would preclude any very liberal of- once lent such sanguinary interest to the fes-The Breckinridge and the Douglas Democratsnumber of The uniforms and torches boys.loss in this is covered insnraneerespiect by except tltttof Mr. Hrrrov. The roof of the was emshed bnildiagin by the falling wall, and a damage of $908 wascaused. Covered an insurance of $4.M0 in the by—thereto by Government patronage. Considerable of Slavery from them is the exclusion of the were more abimdant No. It is but just to proved unequal to the occasionlargewere all furnished gratuitously, it is supposed, by " Uncle Slim."and becauselong. Therewasmuchenthusiasm. Thespectators will not fight without indemnity where the were not so nmnerous as -on last night, the weatherand Mechanics' and Timders' Insurance Corn-Lecture oa Art, by Mr. Page.;The procession is i-upposed to have been two miles Pai.:itic,I'liey are also holding a Douglas mass meeting in Mormiiient- ble article on the issues of the present canvass. which is attent!ed about four thousand.a thir.ker he the repudiatesthat Art a&dformed, and five hundred mounted men hav- extent of $300;insuredfor$4,000. fhewallofNo.ing' banners, transparencies and music. They marched through the principal streets, which were129 Houston-street fell over the roof of tiie ad- uponconceded to Bill.ing aboat Trintty CMuchThe steamer H. R. W. HUl, bound from Mem- py diiy n hen the artist shall be as true as they were tooccurred here. Theupon as such, fr&nkly and manfully. And being a the wood-works of carriages, exploded, tearing away » as held in the Cooper Institute last evening—theput;boy, clearly boy,whothe sale ofnamedand, coming from such a source, the ex- ruins. The cause of the explosion is unknown. Theare for Mr. Douglas, will, in the utter hopelessness of his success, cast their votes for Mr. Lincoln rather than aid,"onionist. TheSt.PaulsDemocratabandons wefttakenlastnightbyattachingthepropertyofhispolitical preferencesOre, a boy, named Jouh Kanx, will die fromsupposed to be buried under the canal and railroad track are covered with the ruins.TheH. M. Katfs, late State Treasurer, is ascertained liotises into wltich the Croton water has not been in-About 9 o'clock,Jons CsAnriiLD, as a porter-house, on Broadway, andtliismorning,lawyerand Dumb Instltotion, then read ancommitted a violentful of Scotch snuffover the head vrith a heavy cane, makingPex- of the is entirely with CxAHriEU, whose actionconverstogwith the ofa store ina Pefaallcr towhich, adoptedafter somewasunanimously.druggist, ulatingof the cues to theFiiiLAH's rooms, comer of Tenth-street andspeechesWilkes, Wilket' Spirit of the Timet. Theup portion flie propettr. consisting jewelry valued at$NO, and restOTedltknowledge,$30,000.the varnish-room, on the fi#th.floorof the main^ndU-errorReligion are mere matters of taste and opinion, hav- ing no fixed foundation in Truth, and as an Artist he isnaturallyindignantatthepresumptionofthosewtM>, ignorarU of the first rules of Art, attempt to criticise It. To quote his own words: "It should be withhe draws apicture of w hat it is tles^tined to achieve, in ".the hap-ti^uced;and u-hcreas, in many instances shops for their supply.popularGreeks,glowingoftheCrotononlot occupied by dwellhigs. or securing the establish-pocket,interesting pu>er www.fultonhistory.com 