 Itjung[ifrom twelve States, itsbirtii-jayviolated the principal of its being. Born with ths Fed-'period pibce of -thecommns eight- wheeled truck frame one-elght of an loch, which will lift the centre of the carriage onc- house of a friend, (a State Senator,) ha mentioned kixteeuih of an inch—or would so lift It, did not theSocietycould not avoid comraisscratlng ber pcsiUiD, andorcompliment,pa(kcar, balanced by spilngs act- iLCiiiii, i( belongs iha( we take a decided s(ep in pro- great political faibers, opeaad to OS, and to duwd. ing as weights, to stop at any point. Ven'ilailon Is moting (his great end. Go on, gentlemen. Let me a^^sinst all assaults the work (hey have leftfe udai our best Inberftaaee. Here, In tUs aaeieat kaLPKHgOlTAI. SKBfCHB8.BbodeIsland—from' whkh they letonadbiflort- ouslyandhastily,wfaOeHmkeipraaaedhbdiagvatBGch hi.Falataff's atyie, A pUfoe opan all cow- answer Be tainly did,dirbg Owlr 14 years' eipfvfdfu la ^biwfaiess, cars,sereralfOwnsapd ta aU,forIS*f|ureteat^aCobnosvteHutatnoBSp,afnoita%rn oaMLed krarkelyj,tkiadeed,of Promi-eat PnbUc Men Bocently Deceased. ards,TbeaoMmakingaue truckofthetw*f««i>wl nads.Tbe agents of Oa iKwrair ta aaUBg tkaae oaatractarled splril ;ou( to tteir letter aeeoedkigBeeoUeeUoBs ard lleiBor»»daandaliquor, too."I speak from experience.grn>t daa of otdliooaals a girder of inn—a to^ or eAmpreadsa piesati.-For many years I was thrown Into personal contact with many men who occupied a prominenthe conmcUd himself with aBtuiI have taken sundry and numy drinks withraito#f atraage- mepi-jror keeping doim tba height Af aU tfeMe pvts,before the public. It may not be unin- tereitiag for me to gl»e deeuJtory notes of my in- tercoursewithsomeamongthem'whosenamesHeDaily»or. of ansprings, so that the> shall not be piledposition—at least undersystem 'if beams and haag- described without an ea-a very rare and novel undertakingshortemolument for tbe gilded brass trinket and jing- high—Uiss on the top, followed by a most extra-rlsts are (bote wbo, la tbe •fterns ef actios, discard all ensisMgradon of th* (•'precioussurprisinglytime,the cart loaded returned,Tie Dot vt Celetrate—\K keeps forever fresh Is thelingrowdies,graceful,bauble of demagogical declamation.WiLLSH waa in eamett in his professions andof dock-loafera andextremely pleasingas that attataed(orgr, wbleb, VOB Ufon the soil of LoaliUna, awakened Id every State of the Confederacy a common sentlmeatexists. There is Imt ese aaods ef dealiac with Itaoa wbo, while enjoving all the adraatages of foodxer-of Democracy. "He really believed what be said." He cordially hated, as be effect-gathered around h'm as he proceeded. As soonas he descended, the staves were taken from the powerftd and instructive articles in one of the City natural light and shade could be producedpreachingsAnduxw Jacesoit a CD%t)]ot, to which every alter actitm of his life added new ieuvet of immortality.aschltects of wtienever tbwir disorder, they pushively derided and stigmatized,"the codfish aris- cartthe hands of the crowd, in eager competi-on the hidden causes of thatpapers outbreak,The toast was (o Sahdxl J. responded byof » tocracy Democracy."In this point of view, the importance of the po- sition which he holds in the history of the partypolitics of this City and County, can hardly bo ex-aggerated.He was a bold, frank, sincere man. He was in-andwith marvellous celerity.in theThey had loadedquarrellenglhpo-he wiaa alvrayato bts opponents or thatployer, who was willingly paying him wages thatmore effectively."thus facillta:«d. The blinds, of white basswo-id, also admonish ou (oy prepare yourselves to achieve theanyofandpersoi»lly —answer was—"Mr.you that it is true. nL<i description of one of the great cflices of the Citv and County of Xew-Vork, of the established system of bribery and corrup- tion there prevalent, and of tbe characters of ttiose who will never do their sworn duty without anillegal fee, is inic in every particular.".Somebody pave vent to a deep sigh whsn I said this, and somebody said, " Then, GOD HELP THEdrop. Besides them ate curtains raised by a colledspring, after the manner of coachesblue silk. Tbe roils and fixtures are heavily plated crsiicsilver. The window frames are of mahogany. The corresponding panels under the windows are inlaid aad polished panels of tiger-wood, rosewood, andwhich has reei hosd (o the name* of thedegree careful to avoid falsehood either infor the great caai- conquers victory whose results shall redound to the benefit not of us but of tneinpublicgloriedinmousself and friends, and orfor thecredulous and unwary.or conversational statements.He ratherHe did so, and -the Subterranean shortlyp.^ignISCO,more thsn sixty years. In ev^y crisis la greatin theoffables, hoaxes and enor-for the amusemeul of him- he annoyance of his enemies,alone,people of tl.c whole country, [cheers,] which shall shoner its bli ssings even upon (he misguided and be- nighted mea who now clamor for its destruction iapilasters of solid walnut, with an elaborate figurelo relief. The effect of this Is chaste and tl'.e fruits of the most glorious and most motaentous as depends on us, ths CossTrrcTios atrst akd SBAiapleasing. Between and over the winiows, the triumph tha( has ever characterized, or will ever dis- BE HAiaTAinES, [ Prolonged cheetlBg ] wood-wotklscoveredwithpaperfromH'o^i ofaa (Ingui&htbeannalsofourcommoacountry.1Cheers.] TihretlRm.—oTfkie'taPrree.^wihdemlnotrbetluVniudStetet—T\»eet»kor composing inventingAn opiortunity however occurred, for him to rrn.icr higher and more valuable service to liis friend, tho merchant, who had, by favor of the Haiibisox Administration, the exclusive privilegein arich arabesque figures. Between the pansU areand of—Nationalin the preseace ofalpractical jokesreputaiionextraordinary facilityexposureof the "greenness"of thetboth sections of the and bestow Ualon,upoa all of usNotwithstandingacommonimpressionastohis tastffiolr personal combats and riotous outbreaksor mobs, his physical courage was not of a high or- der. Whenalone,hewasveryslowtoresentament,toavery largoand amount. An- I hopethathewill; forIdonotseehowman profitableInch thick, upon which the decoration is done la blue and gold leaf, with a few round and pointed mould- ings. At a distance, this looks well, but from withinThe second toast wasthe vessel of tbe public saCiSr is us>iled f'om ever? quarter by (he stortsi at f*sli««, he stands calmly confident in the trath .of DtmMratisandthe rectltadeof bisowa jadgmeat aad finrtieLcit'i^clne?s. and awaits witb a serene an<l bopefol trastperaooal knowledge extending through a period of—to the grateful attachment of the powerful' favorite on tbe sacred Ganges the Great Easttm at Uia vsry doors, being embossed like the aide windows thewho have not had the of advantageInspe»kbigofNew-York, hemadca singte dollar." Ko one ever accused or sus-of andgiants good enginescouatry for I have evenby pecuniary appli- course, notwitlistand- ing the gross corrnpticn of his copartisans in As-sembly ai,d Congress.We were personally intimate to a degree very— grievously oppressed that tbe common enemy of all mankinl was sowing the seeds of deadly discord and disunion here. There is but oneTurkish sleeplng-chalr and four smaller chairs a —the peril (o which (he republic Is reduced by fanati- as free from prejudice and sectional feetlag, as ea- ; cism, faction and a love onances in bis votes orborders,small,publicintegrityIto: miration. IoncesaidtoWalsh "I havepersona! enemies, and vague, sweeping denuncia-tions of themdti ambition to distract and divide,riea. the ri-tier moral mcrch»ndis< of a wise and laflexi-heara it stated, that very positively,yonprosperous portiunis abronzed bracket-work of wirethe sides orblc fidelitypoliticalalways treated me with very high respect, and seemed to seek and enjoy long private conversa- tions with me. He visited me in my office, and warmly urged me to go with him to his house and become acquainted with bis family, of whom he spoke with manift^st fondness and deserved ad-lately were once astudentinColumbiaCollege,andleft beforethe conclusion of your college course on account of inability to meet the expense of completing it." He replied, with his peculiar characteristic look,•'i!i, thecrowdiLg or sufiocailng, by occupying the entire sa- loon and furniture in the operation. We think lUiCapt. Eisciss replied briefly, and to (he polat.Thenexttwotoasts,asunder,werenot to repliedYes, I have hcanl so and have often met men who declared toimperiled.of imagery was severely just and admirably amplewhich FtrKXASDo Wood has '^olloweil to a rooKd over, lis total length, including end plat-andcaps mouldings,correct.My impressions of VfAisn's character are pro-similar triumph. Rejected by the packed^c. passengercur. Thelengthof thepreciated hia rough virtues, as well as his strongly- marked defects.When Walbh was a young man, (I tlxink notmore than 21 years of age.) he lived in Albany>working at his trade, as a lithographic printer.Attending political n(ectings there, he soon be- came a favorite with tbe "Democracy," and was atacnable, and itie main of con- platform, composedtinuous beams or " 4 9 Inches and 80 strtrgers,'' byfe«llong, tog> ther with the short c'ws stringers, may be ttiken apart and packed in small compass. Tbe &t>ove joints and separate structures were of couiae Cc>lgued to a'low convenient handling and trans- portation, and do not injure the appearance orcovered v*ilh thickpaper,uponwtdch is theforcement of its enactments. It could oidycillon"noisy demonstration ^s deemed desirable for the^Miigcandidate.In thefiillgessof hisbircnplhtru^sleader of thebTioys" on all occasions when anyThe Creek and Romanstances, and made him conspicuous to such a de-long longer. then,I said I would go to Congress, they all laughed atto be Governor of New-York, and after that I'm compartmcbtd together, and form the plate or roof going to be President of the Ututad States." This beams of the central pavilion.' Over each of these was uttered in serious sincerity, an outburst of Iron beams is placed a stUT compression piece ofwood. Theivorypostsholdmguptneroofo(thepa. vilion are Iwllow, bolts passing through tltem andof the is a clean yellow. Tbe mould- carriage lightings snd capii of the windows are In very gracefulconsists. In the Roman yiepublic the whole power low New-Orleans, Intending to advance on It by the resitted In (he City of Rome. All beyond was pro- In that, also, the took a leadingthat he attracted the notice of men unhappityunder chosen at (he commoa cen- Mississippi; Navygovernors part Tbe third and last was on the 8(h of J.tsusry,greeprominent in what waa called "the Albany Re- gency." AmongthesewasBrsjAHiKFbaxexix Bniijat, who, (flsceming the extraordinary gitts of the wild and bold young man, encouraged him in his efforts to become aspeaker. WaiSHnowbecameapetofthatcool-headed old and political plotterrcTtistanet, painted in deep maroon, with lighter linesin vermilion. Over these are blue panels. The cor- tre, and aa completely independent of tho&e whom whsn Jacksof, with nis men. roo'ed the B.nih'h.manager. Ho> showed such ability and readiness to serve othersbindingthe wholeaad bottom construction to-Slites elect Gen. WiMiLMiToi President of the Convention. He hadIn this way. that he waswider tield of action presented in theYork. Hereasimilarsuccessandagreaterfame attended him. He gathered around him a corps of sympathetic, rough fellows, numbering three huu- dred or more, to whom he gave the classicalfinallytransferred to the(tepopularexcellentself-confidenceandthe men o( tUe Hen.l'ition sat otle purposes, thetbe Csplain.)none the wor?e for IL I honor the marlaes.ap-of *' the Spartan Band." hythe exceptionofthree a^Jjournments—twopellationIn the great 'poiiUcal contest of 1810, Mike andhis "Spartans" figured largely as disturbers of Whig meetings and processions. They were theInch,will lift the centre of Itsfour-wheeledtruckdi,ys eacli.celebrate the Fourth of July, and the two others to 7ive Committees lime to report—thev were constantlythat the return to the ball- companymen ever employed in politics here. Their services were insnd signed bv delegatesfirst regularly organixed club offightingand tneConvention clt-sed its proceedings. In eral l^onitltut:'on, and asking tne strict eonstnielioa the Constitution for the government of of that natiocal compact always it. rule of action, it kaalife, flriggingMr.pressed his endre concuneacein ina few ex- words,leader andvergingThe wheels are in concentric shades of maroon, down on iho nth of Miiv. ir^r. to framebut If he h.id he would have been,CityTwenty years hencesiiuilarly moulded, and are very elegant.of.self-coqyeitOn the last interview which I had with bim, (ex-i,eendarkest at the ceutre. The f.in'liti.llon under whloli we live. It wx-i not unlli •JLcy never shrink from duty: they cangbt Jos*for not having called on me in accordance with a kis followers were compensated for the wear and pre.vious appointment- Of course, I acknowledged tear of mnscles and lungs. the sufficiency of the excuse, and expressed myduces It to practicallyorar ordina- anyfrandngthemselves and their posterity, great dilliculties were&nd in the cOflLtis*ewfc pro6r>eTlty,;fixx atedgechampi-^n of the rights of the States to rogttl&te eaob Cac and' so- lt«e]f, tu domestic iBstliations. without iateresraeoa.question, ar aonoyaocefrom aayotber; aadtbaraa^and, uiongh Uiki was nouoUilng. So,ry IrregularitieB ol the way, the Viceroy caa till8'ood.in MlTersitydemandgreat hireling,theThe carriageof Hoodof the taaopy and at its top.eiubodits in its construction every encountered. ConflioUiigm the Northern Slates, except~Bg the discomfiture of theit may be supposed to date at a point of timeOznnnxafers, deems any of its provisions so inconsistent with invltatlbn tu the ball and festival, which your Booietythe law of Gtxl that he caimot yield them his obedi- are to have oa the 9th commemorative of Instant,ence, it is his duty to go out from among us and t>e- anidversary of the battle of liew-Orlaaiia ,—^Ithem "theft'JB allusion to their places of refugepeopleleal transcended her familiaritywhose|h|Minlnated277with the court'having reached a lower 'point good?"What is true is good. Uica Walsh ftructive'ln thejour,at great personal risk, througli ihe come tbe subject of some other Government, If he was.v.i"^ -"i.hveltr had evsr proposed.'-v^nldnot thaidt me lor lying in his praise, If heare somewhatcrowd, "tu set In tlie King's chair," mto which she cin find it. which is not in Ids eyes obnoxious to the As (he tidings of that battle reached erenalbrl same objection. If he Is honest, he will not and handet In oiucyj^raassailants, ' ti^terrantanofothers,moreamus-the (Constitution, and ei<joying all (he blessings i( con-: Itisnotinmy topower aeoeptyoar,;of his band on a re-life which he led here. allowing the car to sway lateraUy with an mo- Silp in hand, had come down with his famUy and Bcientiously uphold easy "after. His short-X•k—an«. wI—m Geceral and State Govenunenls, lies ia their written What, then, would have been flie fMe of hha,"^ .bablyas uooc everdidaLuxury But ease Inthere Is no higher law than the Consutudja for our Itls remarkible that any man1" lotbs samemanifested/sayand a ttottor, or tensi' Tka piece.thsBrlate.afdilrceasnlttaaof f^tMttt dMewha Ita*ars most fsmillar to our readers. And psntiy for of In bis and was much courted extensively fatal cause. language letters,bovs, they would say in Eagiaad. Tae exterior wiu cumnauyntoreaagto 'mboerUaad,om, m0kaoMbegin — he espoused. Indorsing him ss a genuine Not JfiwAMi Walsb though Uuit was his He waa Invited to the White House, dined,rhivebeenonsanKsncti,) low-boxdesign ef (he end o( everyhecculd not earn.Mikk said that some of hisMyGeeit,I amsorryto tellIs beforeglorious destiny that you. Prepare your-yearlo-Locofococontributor and reporter, and in the' Winter1M2-3, served in Washington aa Its correspondent. legs or his tonguetnexperiut He never go: diunk in b.sunder (hem lo give riiape te Mair awa IniUtatiHib [(Cheers.] No natter how aiMtrorfly thosa *eUalaa of poptUar right may be drlvea oa( of tkelraaane— no matter bowPenitentiaryvictions in botti instances wereEgvptianline, Isprobablyvictory.Congress byalargecame to- could find ao model in tbe history of tbenw behind hsnd inImponance.';mcreased, and thus far oflsetbly.ready.then bimends, which openthey the political drama of that periodmerelythemthe nine times seven climacteric."Tlie rail,would suegest roomtorelieveher. [Laughter.]beyond grandyearsThe rest assigned,follow within the fur its liniit wouldirrcgulaxlliefof lever,menofbusiuf-i*:ab*o. v*ltdof genius—they were Taratiianvcalled theAunra,as a regular ofquor.him and his fraternity.t e O'-eeethecdwr, Isbygreat vigorsartes on to tiald teeHe was not exactly the poor stupid clown who in all the glory of cartman's frock and whip. His sat down on the back and waited for the river to;;suppernight when (he company sat down. After (he supperand Hike straightway mcmnted hia vehicle,but, lo default of spase, oonliiied to thehard square corners of a paralellogram, with no rooia p« r.ed to postpone a notice of IL It waa after mid- effect some t>ieoret<ea]ie«dvtt#MatfiMyr«eiathimemploier tent bim first from West-street to tbe east side of the town for a load of staves. In aspacefor tapering proportion, and no heavy projections forbytion for that honor,which he showed to lie far than a deeperlacders, but for the land where rich arabesque and Esq. Mr. TiLBis referred at somefloiid coloring are the rule, we should not criticise theTbe two end ssloors arc decorated and furnishedto thethe several occa-place,the cart for him in the same style, unwilling thateuggestjontastes. Muchofthedecoration,however,themost fastidious Londoner could not call ganlr.frieruls wereand bethought that business would suit him bel-yourwho shall be ralliedDemocracy, have completed their great tasks and rest from tbeirurjiiigbim to start aweekly paper,—labors. «ltbin these venerable walls, wtuch, taeter.afterwards made its first appearance.qar country's history, have respoaded witb ptirlob voices, uplifted in vindicadon of (he hooacpiledappointedbetween two with them that Ilitical history of the countryway theyA few weeks sufficed for this experiment. His have seen them in their original fo.in of publica-their idolized champion and orator should put his hand to any work which they could do for him.mendatory;corruptible In his political action and its motires.Be was faithful to all his partisan engagementsand professions,— as he was Xsometiraes) in hb for such work. He blistered his hands, and knock- Ontario County,private friendships.To abow that these are not the words of flatteryit should be added that all these things msy be said of him without implying thatbrave, or ordioarily ju^he was fair in contro-versy and strife—that he was strictly truthful, orhavingem*>o«sedontheiredgesagraceful arahrsqueup greatcyiamaa K**d.employer had'forcsecn the result. tucged, but he had not thebodilystrength One of thp'!o (JoBH Gbzto, of Canandaigus,entirely arabesque. The windows, sir on each side, are 28 by S4 inches opening, with flan clear gU3s-;s,the mea. wbo, ta tbe Federal otbergreatof suppljing certain commodities to the Govern- COINTRY !" ^other of was can. merchant, opposite politics, makingstrenuous efforts, aided by Tammany politicians, toD.F.B.:induce President Tylkr to this desirable busi-Intimitc and IndiSBolubleplcasaat nearly boloueb'ood, i^ne hist, ry past, hope purposes Providesee, calm rataralafinsult or even an assault. Surrounded give AmerleaD Ealerprlae aad Taate ! the Bast— personal nesstoIiim,insteadofallowingit tobeenjoyedthe saloonlts effect is lessgaudy than that of any other part of the ornamenta- unknown hereaftertion. Thedoorsare2feet9incheswide,withsuch capacit.vforself-fovernro'int;—ta*'hftndwhichisraised CoLCAuromBzxhav,ofCalifornia,repUaiHabyhisadmirers,or"boys,"hehadgreatdemon- anotorious andfriendofClay.Uiei's BoTsIRailwayCaniosefortheTIcerey by Whig;unly proofatrative valor.— — friend, finding himself in danger, despatched him He never employed he never took money for to Washington, where his representations to Tv- political purposes. This statement is made from LZB, who was .extremely desirous to entitle himselfof Its Sfechfuslcal aad Egypt—Featnrcs*Orumeatolas makebegan by deplormg sectional strife, aal his expressedhis return he counted outof it, and placed it before the merchant, who re-with figtures of lighter shades of the same, and ofhonor, bu( none greater thaa my zeal for theever foremos( in asserting (he principles, ever most faithful la preservlag the tradiUons aad exteadlag tha renown of the Republic It was only by a faithfol adherence to tha (cachings of (he htfaers of the Ra-fused to receive it, Washingtononthatbusiness,it wouldhavecost him at least the whole sum, besides trouble, loss of time, &c. But Walsh replied, that, having taken what washe would not retain a dollar more, nor accept anyremarkable, considering our very different associa-tions, pursuits, opinions, education and origin. lie The merchant could cot make him and was woika out gdod for all nations. Not only does the:bim of influenced pected beingof 184S.Walsh never did himselfready abUity of our meebanicians and artists to re-to call. Is most satisfactorily instanced la spond anyHighnessthose of the owl train on the Camden and .Vmboy.glorious mlnori- ty, only lefs by one t jau me three tailors of Tooler- sireel, who began their uiemori&l, " VVe, the peopli' uf Englr.nd.'' [LauiTii or and cheers J Col. D. pro-and nauseoussayingactuallythat if he hadtoectable andttjp bal- iistrades are of nlre. woven in an Intricate figure, andfinallyover- throw the Union, and as responsible for the invasion of Jcua Bkoivh. The Democrats, he s lid, ought totlie UdIod snd the Consti-ufcioa.of theand friends of Walsh himself. It lingered throughces.i-pool.He served two terms (of two months c.ich) into the standard of rlclmeis and imi- aolc m notegi-tisro,flatterycompanionsnotquite upthe Uemosrats In defeaceofaample rest like. hIcBsicg upon his country, and preacba miserable existence of a or yearand durable and fixtures, and hinges— —sixtyo.tseventydollarssave that for monsters of evil they haveperpst warrantor learned, in own farneeded for hisexpenses,rosewood centre-table stands in the of^greed the one hand. and as liberal, as as are we of the middle, upon by utter recklessness on the other. The elements of dis- llgh(ened, patrloUe,justicein the Subtcr-The open pavhion or central portion of the car la aUiKl toiled and tion.exactly alike. The internal space is 16H feet by 9 dangerous of all (be (roubles (ha( had came upoa us. FsAvaut. more g, wtfarlEu sagackms ttaa HAMtoa Ud BsaD^ fett 4 Inches—so short ss to give a sort of parlor pro- In coocluslou, said Hr. TiLsaa, I call upoa you to Toa, and i^ort VmuVMt (hsa ihe Adaasse, tte ll«r-.ihe fairly owned his mistake, and asked for a dis-charge, which was of course given by his kind em- anything in which the English language was usedselves (o (hatus as citizens of New-gr«a( confederacy—I may aUo say l(s proudest fruit-ed the skin off from them, till they bled and were;intolerably sore. So, in a ubdued state of mind,York,the centralheart of (Usinterests for the/>ur duty as Democrats and rtasonable mMon Blackwell's Island. The con- ture for theopyform,to the weary platitudes which(bis senUmenlalmostmanifestly legal being for an outrageous as- sault and battery committed by him and his gangon a feeble and maimed man the second for a ;libel, which, though a true statement, he could not'and proper,— ^IhefirstMr. Pai!(ti>s!vi A!«» GrTrimtv—I thank you for theK, and sat dowa TiSTB.— r?j^ Army and Nary of the United State*—that in that way they were doing the greatest pos-ordinary pavilion 2U feet long.open luxurious^ thlrieen States bad not so large a populatioa as the time when the Navy took California from tbaEach of the Inclosed compart- sible damage to the Democracy. After serving mt'Dts is a M-paratc construction, and may be UftedWithout, the leading feature of the decora'Ion is a State of Ne.w.York to-day. They were Uvjue under Mexicans, for then, by the sutnequentdiscov-; beingin andshape at the bottom, and with a double reverse curvecourse,"regular" ticket, a Whig was elected.aft< rwarda again elected to the Assembly, not- withstanding his public refusal to be a candidate.and. to use the of Mr. M*Di-" ef in only wayOf the course,In 1852 came his la^tHe was elected toplurality over a Democratic competitor, in aildi-at the top.or groi:ndmayhave havefor two one side ar.d tbeon the he other,-triumphandcrowning—men of the Re solution stau smen and war-more elBcient or more But the Navy was deserring.One evening when I waa introducing him at theligiouN Liberty,the recent death of one of hU relatives as a reasonpass throughthreesetsofsprings,whichre-He waslion to theheart, he said on tlie night of that election. "When gliudinal stringers of tbe platform or floor are IroaThis waa lUustratcdmtbedefenceofNew-Orleans, Thatwas ; their immediate grouad is In local demofxacie^, wjilj original power at the centre a drama la three acts. The first occurred oaI said I would go to the Legislature, tl»ey alllaughed at me. But I did go to the Legislature aa the centre portion, the stringers acting as compres-success of "the party." His natural oratoricalgenius quickly developed itself in these circum- as 1 wanted to, and And when s-ion pieces forming very girder.knowledge of the mottc-n principle of representatioa. In which the whole viyaWidicary of our Governmentpartly per-me. But now I'm elected tovincial,AndI'll tell you what I'm going to do next. I'm going frame. Iron bar:), iH by ii lncl)es, connect the endCong'ress.now, floor, and lie flat upon and are bolted to the mainItcept casual recogiutions in the street,) some per-son present was speaking incidentally of what we does not differ much from the common prsctlue.orange,of Xew. might see "twenty years hence." MiKR broke "out,We'll all be!through ihevolvet',— a crisis almost ss gloomv in their eyes as thesouth before tliat time !"goneOne of the little group has"Possi- gone south" al-car the ceutre of this lestmii uponframe. Thus theaby compoundone wheel halfto theand steps are like those of ordinary cars,were notthat ss Woman bad been put between the Press oa\gether. Tbemechanical oftheend designpavlUoaswere 'Hieir first act was to represented.question'" ca.m Bar sossetlaes optuif leaned aad tcaaalai uader loot—tiave. BeTertfcatoaa. a rital frtaslfia «*te Messrs. Meea^AiM A: de., Aleiaadila. Mr. embodied la wUsfe wU woifc oat, aooa «rmyof style thater»,whlchsupplying deooratloos(adastrioustr obstacles may ba lfere««Hon pcoty for them are • and he plaojd on ly altered to make it alwaya joat, and in all cases weight of the running gear Is 7 tons, and of the wbols The carriage isniggers.'Gentpleompelne, (he-derived«f Tryon-row andname)'said that this Latin phrase should be slight-shori trucks, immetllataly imder the body. The totalpeculiaritvdistinguishes our thongbt of dlaeere^g our States?'^j^lfittmaieaM,"eribed Tm "applicable.Sabter-but they h%Te, for the most part, of unwilling sov-•SoothMid North (aa aoah ?Dte, thank God, baiaa^- strictlyffil de mortuit niti vtrHM, i» the fiwmula vrhichJoHNSOK proposed as a substitute for tHe dullcarriageSomaWaso»*Co.haveearnedtheirhigh ax ear builders, by long-continued and la-eTeatare&aTelieeaftxud,koewatobo thraugh their representatlveb Etnonehaa its wrtttaa plotting such a teoolt t-^«iat4Ciuai>d /'^Bomsnin accordance with that reading.entpeUO-proverb. Let us deal with XlKS WMSa oe«tra of the small tracks eomp^Mlog eac hdyettwen/"enee of eccealrie are in amat «f1(aa|nt|bDS,ExFicctat rustlcus dum defluat amnis at tile, Labitur el l*l>etar in omne volubiUs oevun."vm^l¥ nalconflictwKk(beInstitaneaiofsociety. Theyanrun by, that he might paas over its bed dry-shod'some praciioal mlscUet- I nvaed Mils elaas of aa-tha.iasu._sth."the language of another) with the Chatter of Free-dom in his teeth ;" but the current was too for him.andwiththe most constrala^Hl andHeshade,lightest mouldings aud>urface work to produce Uiewhole architectural effect, the artist may indeed flat-ter himself at a result so Uttle set and monotoaous, hearts of the American peopl*, the meaory uf Ihe vic- culiar circumstances oader wMeh hnoiaa sciefilyplunged(I might say,I. T,EsQy the Grand Sachem. The first was as followsinto the wavesto uselightsoonlyandwas were announced over, the2toa£(sTtie mostmutilty. »<«»*jjgss!b«^sirwi«fit'mordinary processionwho had recognized him in hu new role, and had On the occasion of the Astor-place riot, March In this royal carriage. Second—For tbe reasons just of enthusiasmaM;play-actors. reprintedpleased them, with some com-;commentsunder the notice of some persons who would neverbad feareddissolution o( (he ITnlan; and in%peakingSCIENTIFIC NOTKS,Tke f'ruon—Standing alone la time, a brothcrhsod of Independent Sta-ts ooafederated cot e insolidated-yetRailway trains among the pyramids—steamboatstheir exlges, as well as,Be said:My first duty is to thankyon,other large contract, which they have fiUed.Tbe Slate carriage, the sixty-first of this manufac-pavilionshowyand beautifulpartsthe first rail- way cartiufie In the world, com-lderlog both Its re- markablesizeanditselaboratefinish. Thecoathasexceeded $10,000. After a brief mechanicaltion of lis construction and arrangement, wa shall atr tempt to describe the character and richness of its oriental decoration.bolts,bystrength, sustain1814 that was ;of tbe whole fabric.wanting m the time of need. (Cheera)wfdch.their tensile—the whole a stiffThe bottom t>eams or stringers of the two end oom- paflments arc it by B iuchet in sizo, have a separatedazzling,The tKMjy re.sls up<m twu daubk',tn>cl£H, bavins in all What's that to us? tUteen wheel-*'. Each truck is coiapoiied of twocarry it in crisis In which it was in-toptt.e i'tn tJial a majfiriiy of ihe thirteenBeown,fhort four-wheeled titicVs in a omtnon frame, thesafetypoliticalthe track are reduced Eo that lin obstacie wtilcb liftspavilion, exceptanbut a quaiUr of an u.cb, which will lift the centre ofplatformexcept that they are more higUy finished.ing at the end of the platform is like that at the sidesunfl the third lor a dav—the nrst to singlethemotionTSe brake wheel Is silver-plated, its at work till tlie 17in of September—nearly fourThixixtyrn.—The Ta'nmany Society—*^ Civil and Be-his The springs are of rubber, which will probably answeriiiteres'j, arising out of di- \ertities of sol'., climate, religion, educationglkss lo ihe brim without wasting Ills eau ite vie.cial habits, were to be reconciled. Every state had toI was so muchtosions on which many of (he leading minds of the day to me, ever devised mea. W« have aand in thatcamepersonal friend of Walteb ScoTT, and a Scot himself by birth) said to me in his own house, within a week or two afterwards, "Is this possible? Is this true? I never readgreat woik. tCheers.j Peculiarly toCoKnMm, consulted and laborer togetbar, aad aarrsaduiaaob tervation.with Uiii VfxigB. Democrtt made that inquest, (and "Ugtataer* p'sa la Its geaeral feature, w|ik a tal- palnthig, are from tiie designs of Mr. WnuAK M. movement may be slew, bat tt to eenalB,inndoabted and uodenied baptismal name. It was cisared, and ittcred amus ng himself aU the gold watch worth one hundred and fifty dollars, fl ;byone-half the wheels. mechaalcal drafting is by Mr. M. BaAM-ir, of Spciag-world are gretsabou( (o bUcal fate o( luiy ;whied'I should have insisted on;tbearabesquehit wish and ambition to be known and addressed \^hilewith the billy ambilion and preposterous and a diamond breast-pin valued it very nearly Before describing the deooratioiu, It Is proper to re- field.atsemUe la ftrta, te deeide tka aa-as **JbK^'' without reference to tbe name of PrcsJdenUal aspiraUons of his credulous entertain- tbe same amount."which that valgat ataaosyUabls is the faaoiliar ab- er. In fact, WaLsn bad become, in a certain sense,—one of themark two things. First—A railway earrisge, widea- ed and heightened to the utmost degree at all points, to give ample roem within, aad oat dowa to the re-THE TAHIIAinr FE8TITAI..and who doiMa, that, mmkmIt" F"?.*^"* "^J^ extraonnasry iSui irtlilaS" above, —fashion. The ofEnglish gangs Cnan, Springfieldat the isaat, a half-oentary, amarMHaUnder four of ttic ioa-upongraceful and chaste granddescrip-toast of so much significanceThe efiect is at once a strong contrast and a fest my sense of your kindness by a very brief re- The most wonderful anomalios in natural—;theories so far as to iKiag tbem mto eeUa- Tiissa, lon with establisbed lastltatloas. Cl^wdIt was his boast and hisall his remarkable series of triumphs over the to the plot immediately. He had received a hun- engines on the deserts of CaUfonila ;—truly the arts besque figures. The ceiling is very showy, consist- importan( fo you, but most tmpor(aii( (o the libenies great mass of the people of the Ualoa, ss embodyiagthatparfy, as well as that opposing it, were obtained without the expenditure or even the possession of";being(his— combined wealth and official power of his own dred dollars in gold "to bear his expenses." On of engineering have fulfiUed the old prophetic tales,eighteen years.prideof the Loco-foco masses of New-York, put a stop chore where Cahcts forbade the rising tidetractloa door-sills aresolidbrsESwith rulievedaasus It gone should be a sourca of encouragement and satisfactionfor such a service to a friend. European epginery, defends foreign shorts, and compensation doingwhich Is a rich tankard and goblats of silver. Oa ^o union, disorganization and confusion are so multl* City of New-Y^ork. [Loud ctieera,] whole, one might get a comfortable nap wlihoat farious aiid so varied, that any hope to reconcile them Sixth.— r»« State of Nezi>-York.yield, compelled to pocket the money. I had tliis state-or to see one's way to a sadsf&ctory adjustment Is a »,erechimera. [Cheers.] Therearefourparties- first tbe Republicans, second the Oeinocrats, third theEast come td^ns for the bard forme of strength anl ment from the merchant himself, in the Sutmner power, but for the very appointments of luxury. The=to us, however we may have temporarily fallen be- liind in some matters, that tbe talent aad works of our new country are already Indispensable to the world's prc'grefs. Our machinery makes British arms anda with soft complete pattera,that itsprosperity promoted, and he felt assured that no la-given of civilization. AndNarrower ribs of solid walnut,>He was the first Democrat who ever success, very long American passenger car, with an open haro woods. At the side of the doors, in 'Jie ends of Septemter ir forraing a Government, under whicn (he"justify" technicallyon the trial.epochhuman were in session in the city history,Ingeneral appearancethecarriageresembles a111of Ptuladelphia. They were engaged from May tillforms,monIf 67 feet, or neai!> twice that of the com-tranquillityunt^emcalh. T^ie Ixu-iac cornice of the ceiling is o? of collision with any of the Powers of the ficers of the Navy, and declared that, ia his opinion,greatdark \lolet and light green, giving a very harmonious Earth. Tbcy had but recently emerged from a long (here was no more effecdve mesns (ban (hat of pre-lot* defender of all ihe immnnides, franchises, and lib On one occasion, when the Spartans attempted regrets for his bereavement. This drew from bim well enough iu tiat climate. Such has been the hemlock, several foreign woods, besides iron, steel, give up somethin? for the atxJonipUshioent of (he ertiea scared to th'lr citi|en3 by the csnlltioiis, e arnto disturb and break up a great Whig meeting in the Park, and charged through tbe crowd towardswere met and repulsed by a**in Talkabout a man dying in such a world as this as a thing toHaleof our railways that thetheWhi» Aasodatibii, the Dnioniats," then recentlyling;platibriDi t)ieyflorid andmore refine I people than the conferred are to be regarded, therefore,tion aadadjournedball-room,ergaiuzed on the frateelne principle, who nun-; ^ahed'them tremendously, and drove them across phe.did but believe it, ue couldsa-ired trust,Egyptians. There .. i.o fixed ufhoistery in any part mon and equal benefit of all, and to be ad-the afreet in such a conditkni f&at the frightened luffiAa were glad to hide themselves in the eel- lantt t)>e various dens in the vicinity of Tamma.'dreaded death more— more shocking one.pro- could cfford the usualthe pjiviJlon.'. with a ihreeinch airspacerelieve the effect of the tropical sun. During Friday"1.equalisationeasy running gear.meB(ed fortbe surrender of valued rights—all these lie at thebasis of (he ConstKntion. The powers thus very as aan exclamation of scorn at the idea of .Ai«cc-mmon object. Each endowed (.he Central Govem-pacts and sompromi-cef tbe (^oostltutioB.This being (he Isst toast, the Ckuspasy rose, aad with becoming alacrity adopted Mr. Poasia'a suggea-daylight did appear," aad, indeed, for some tiaa after.a mass Thefollowingarcselectedfrom large oflet.ters received by the Committee, in response to invita-tions to atteadLRTI« IKOX HOir. BKTSKDT JOHHSOS.Baitwoxi, Satibday, Jon. 7, UW.beingaffiictionforsuchacause. "Death ceedingly-animated and well-expressed apostro-of its own authority, to be wield-and elas- trucks have naturally been preity thoroughly worked out, to allow any locomotion at grieve about or talk about," and so on in an ex- all, at high fpeeo'B, while the bstter tracks of Europebrass, and color.with aIof our carhave not dem:ij,l'?d suchsplendidtheof all. coaccssfon, Compromise,an which he so vauntingly professed. No man '£astemcarmonarcti of the carriage. A second or false roof covers each of ministered with the sternest impartiality. [Cheers.]Bat he had little of the stoicalbetter aSbrJ philosophy on a Coiitiiieniul track than aaeasyticityAmerican system.and economy go hjtcd in hard, for once.cur\e5 Is,md Tryon-row. A Whig paper, at the Kil de mortuu nisi benum, is a rule so old that double ttjicl.. The labor of each pair of shops of the builders, to see tbe pkasmg and very un- stop (o Br,rue (his question. It Is too clear for argu-'"to which the memory of man runneth not contrary." " Nothing to be said about the dead that is notwheels is the usual diiidcd; two short trucks aad thehrcommon connecting frame share theoa. it betweenAnd ease on the track Is anotherload is aistributed over more space, and is lesj de-eight. wereturninganother advantage of the and Saturday,not Tbe remarks of some of the country ment. But tfasy one living under the protection ofweight.advantageaggregate. Dut the friction and sal, squeezed,tha wMIIabout 20 tons, which Is not excessive.of tbe great Srte cars weigh 18 tons. The total dis- tance from centre te centra of the bolsters restingsad shipped. Messrs. T. W.Copstltutlon, farmed by the themselves could such a peopleupon the trucks. IsborioustrOB eeaJre to cenUs o gSenunent) IThomas M. Tryniski 309 South 4th Street Fulton New York 13069Oto thtir business, for people do notbleI generallymakegoodcootracU(exoeptvriththeirown byUiosewho,bythe orga:tfu(lonnfthe=5?i ^Tk,*" heard,*^•"*at a eh«nga»feet 1 laches. From ceatroto IUuntitledDoIf we.ithe hi Cher taste of to be eieri-lsed for tie com-oa bifeflyin afor the old world—tooonld not beandemmandHedidnotdieofanycomplainttraceableto fravlng.TheWason-pialewheels,ttlachesIndlame-tbelrnames,especiallysstheyaremmttryousg(a(heirpatb-aomansrbowtuiUsili'WOtar, are need. The 8 ailei are eaoh 4)( la. dimmeter, men—the sake of commcnciog here, at Aonu, I will and caressed by President Ttlik, whose cai«e If I bad been one of theCron'r's Jary who mithbearlogs 3Vx6 inebes. The axle box If on the of the carriage, also the eraBmeatal carvlag aad aad fmce with every stea ef fkeir pi'g—' ""scrolls,elaboratekrahllraves,areportofInsared half a century of10, 1849, Walsh delivered himself of two or three mentioned, more color contrast Is necessary than If tliS nations of Europe ; and plaeed apon the ¥rew of that ts, to bold them Tetpoaslble. as we would wfllfalandsiace the caniage is not designed for solemn New-Eog-of oiu so'oer gaudlness produced upon-Is one of the mostof the whole structure. Ills of the Moorish or can-of oar yedcial Tnion.FouETH ToKsr.—Tiir Cun.ttitutifm of the United Stale*—Tlie highest law for oar political KOvernmenr.Hon. Jon> A. Di^ was loudly called upoa, and ris-and is divided into rectangular, diamond, star-shaped, and various multangular ficures, by deep ribs or inouldmgs. These have grounds alternately violet, blue, maroon and green, with florid, ara':>esq'ie figures in Ughter shades of the same, and in white andgUUpleasing harmonying is a small dome, with blue field and gilt stars in relief. The floor is inlaid with variously-coloredcarriageproper U tu fett, the two end compartments being effect. The f^uriii.urc of the pavilion is of a more and sanguinary war, of which the issue was not serving tbe Umon, He claimed that (he great-Conventions andnounced correct by a professional gentleman of self bef.'re the people, and wap elected each 20 feet long, 10 feet wide, and 6 Inches higher curable and weather-proof variety, bulls decidediy always free from doubt. They were feeble In num- ness of this country dated tU origin from tbahe put him-by the help of spiteful Whigs, who knew than the car, leaving in the middle an bers. At the close of the war of the Revolution themeetings,this City, who was, in the best sense, tus friend,,and whom I heard HiKi declare to have been hiS'kindest benefactor. . This waa within a few weeks'before his death. That friend was one who two years in the As;<sembly he became a candidate uL' tiom tbe n^aia platform and separately boied.ap- for the Senate but Dak Sickles on the The roof of tbe pavilion or middle portion is also de-klfltdgro'vtnsilver, goki, paper, and paint of every shade.rmmtaUon;been wrtmg from (he neoessitiea••»«* ftomaep«»iWest.)woareto|dthSjheDiilon to net vrdith pitaenlag. and Uiuat yoTto, seeming patienoa. Webodywhich is an mtrlcate gill arabesque figurethe greatriors, patriots in council :uid in the fieldUttleablue,ill relief^ The figure is large, but its parts arc small,—to frame a more etficient government. They to fulfill, sndIt had great functionswere Vermillion and The wliole is rich and and delegated powisx ai the circumference, with nogreen. panelbut not gaudy. The general ground colorthe Hih of December,formed by tbe Navy. Tbe second was oa tbe 2h af December, when the British landed twelve mUes be-m different shades oftheyiCheers.] The oldt.ilors a=,-well .is toldlers. His- active brain ,andthe base In violet,with black and djab stripes. The top of the canopy appointed by the mother country. tOheors.) Thusnice Isof the pavilion has largegreen,atthepresent dayis of the over wtiom he is peopleu«-red and white toward the centre.stripes,eon-beset with snd with no guidance but difficulties,their own strong common sense and tJieir patrl-made him St to wield Dota crtoufrable pluck and achieve witbbrunches of tlie service, victoryboth. lA Voice-Ue was a Murine.] No, he was not,(•..-ddvermilion aadends of all the truck timae^ arc capped imh ivt-a,moulded 'oi the puijioje in lith arnbcMjue iI<;Liie«.The pedestals or irameb noldiiig llie axle boxes are conducted the country in triumph through the penisTue color of the truck is drab, with ilue shading and oriiiinients.wa.. itud Ihev believed that he coiil ltt.:,thandsome silver-plated hand-rails. The mmof the pavilion.shaft being turned and po)ished. On the axle-boxes and other parts are cast la relief the moon and star, and the same national oiaamcnt forms a sort of ante-the glory of mao,"it» uotto and 11. Hts, months—when the Constitution was approved froc in i;«». to the present, it has neverThe general features would be ron^iUered tooand daz-portion benefiteffect Issome of tlie details are very beautiful;applicationsome thousands of people thronged the-.very appropriatethe ing. One old lady, weighing probably lis.,andMisasubso- cotUdnowberaisedtolifetorenewthatunhappythegam.Theswing-beam,awell-knowndevicefor dropped,essentially"beateout."Anoldfarmer, theprotectionofaGovernmentwhichhecannoatcceopat- townshiwpere laonad,withwiaot-paUSa delight they received, taow'daap viFS-or if hn does accept It, be wlli daring, in tbe hearts of ourA stem old moralist (Bamtth Johsso-* by tlon, Is^ placed ha ihe frame connecting eacii piUr oL go-ttoo-i-mtetlng suit, and he thought it was tu jlama- determine to submit (o it peaceably until xemodeled feeHog of gratitade to the leader ^id tba Mia aska;blarsled furrinto be immedlaUly taken to piecesby the themselves.bad achieved sowhich oaaxampted a vletoiy'.gau.iyforotheritVeau Is tbe AneriotaiViwCdMul at that place. It is dtN (o these who lire s« .(aceessfully carried outafter thethi» verdict Died of a of the road is 4 feel Bh Inches. Brakes are used oa lakrior is Mr. J. W. Msol», of this city, sad the advujce u gained. The eyas o( M'vkaKciHilaaiAbout this period, he waa aeiied with a new one of "the moneyed aristocracy"Ha was the first genuine Democrat who was freak. Ue determined to become a common labor- very class (as far aa outside appearances went) to morse)e>8ly rigid dlmensloai of tuiuels aad bridges, Cclelration of the AnniTenarr of the Battle of In tbe selecaoa of their ewa relent [Caeavo.!breriatiaB.NeW-TOrk ta theLegiilatnreand Congress. Hebuilding, or an article of furniture, may follow out tbe lines of grace, In heavy pUalhs, detached(o It as oarben88 quietude, proapaiUf, ualty aad streagtfcwas the embodiment and prbnalaccortJingly went to a merchant, (a Whig,) then MiEK Walsh is dead, but " tbeyesterday momiag the festivities which atteaded the eelebra. porticoes, pendants, domes aad spboi—to pie us tlon of .the aanlveriuuy of the Battle uf New-Otleaas,legea. Letotcltothope.' Irliaederelop- meni of those " vagne and glittering generaliiies" by wUch that portion of the aristocracy of New- York governing TommanT Hall, and through it the Bute and nation, for so large a portion of the last . two-tfairds of a century, have successfully charmed the plebeian masses into a contented ex- change of the tking for the name, the substantial ore and diamond of official honor andmoneyedaris.practicalKithoat, must necessarily deflate but little from the and completely with " the worjting-class." He for many years, exclusively devoted himself. unpoeiical outlines of a long rlght-aagular box. Aerer ele'vated to the poeition of a representative of ing man, in order to Identify himself practically whose demolition and utter destruction he had,Kew-Ortaus. We published in tbe TiMis ofand still one of the moet eminent in the City, andasked to be employed as a cartman. The mer-—chant humored him bought a cart and horse fortocracy" survive.SItcb is froai a elaai who, uader the ula- luronly danfeioolamns. Boningthe taste is simply to occupy the necessary by the Tsmmany Society, oa Uoaday night The never saOsfied unless they asuajiag te aat sassetaiaccame off at so fate an hour that we were eom- right which tbey faacy w^oBf: oitlp tha.ebrtla:peacewitheranent.are lUstara tt perpetually laVninglobyamong us, not numerous, but active aad nfHen^vivictims of morbid idlosyacracies, who tUak dMr-ently, who donot believe lalt, aad wha4atMrdlifea>portion, unlike our ordinary car. The decoration Is Be ready lo pledge yourselves, aad to devo(e your- tisU, Uie IUn(iolpha,the Hafoas, tha Plnkoeys aadaof (he present excitement ia (he national councUi and in all the States, considered 1( (he most treatening andelasfrtuming figure. Tbe sashes do not llfl, but drop into to us, representing all its in(eres(s and all lu senU- It Is to tread stead In the the side cf tbe and are fastlyhlrds'-eye-roaple,groundwalnut, withNational right,andby tbe hour together. At their sides are mirrors oflockshingescastings'ar.vglowmg eulogy,reflecting the seatlments af thaofblackicethese hallowed associations, ud la the sam* spirit ta which the patriot JioxBox stood forth iudefeacaaf tbe Union of the States, let us proclaim that, si far;the material i^selves to assumeranks at the head of the Demo-and more;'columns,theto eever tre smallest of its fioidca links, ii (hat of a one want to operate them traitor to hie co jt-try and mankind.ing of alttmate panels of blue and claret grouad, of all mankind. [Cheers.] I know you do me grea( the patriotic tendencies of the people, and as beinggill, violet and drab.tiith an Intricate figure in relief, extend from side to deservesside. The carpet is a heavy Turkish veltet, forming land—a land burdened, down-trodden, andandchaste figures—the colors matching the decoration. The furniture of each saloon is a large, luxuriantcould be maintaiaed andwould these accouimoJatioas to preferSouthern and fourth ttiat Americans,8xrtlrtH.—Tke City of New-York—Tbe Commersial Capital of tne ('Diced States, she srttbers anong bee ciliz'-us 'be fbildre^of each of them, and whilst shs scatters from Maine fo California the products of every clime and nation. in;iy tte ever remain as now, the 1«7-Iranran. He fihed it with low. filthy abuse of his ttie royal Slate caniwRc yestcrJay completed for the platiorm -0 feet long, with a nxjf reeembting an Ori- eteded at cohMdcraoIe length to denounce (he Re- al aud con?'--rvat»Te upporter the rights of all, aadrcsfsociety, as somehow respontible for all' existingpoverty and vice. It overflowed with brajrgart EgypllsntoEiOHTB.—yXe Memory rf Andrtw Ja^J-ron—hiring,Viceroy ot Kpypt, by Me58r8. T. W. Wisoa & Co., the of fumous caibuUcerK of Sr-riuglieM, Mass. This bousethem was a first-class 16-whe»!ed car, which, upon are trial, proved so easy and comforuble as to decide thealreadyRailway, extendingfrom Al-uni'e withoutcnv:lirgon technicalpoints of differ-his heroic virtnes made the statesman's srt grand wilb the i^imiilicity ol truth, and adorn*4l ibe sage's wisdomandpeared at length as quietly as a fetid bubble on a acter of the \«ork was so satisfactory aa to induce an- silver rails, opeidng to side-steps. The ceiling of thetwo,disap-order for tbe State wtiile the char- cartiage, generaldoors withheavyof this Union isTuiiiD TewiT.—Public Education—IhQ strongest bond only in our happy country the mo^thalfmyselfme that they remembered me well in College, and were in the same class with me; but the real fact I.nei^had but two weeks' schooling in my and^uwasturned out ol school fortbe setioolmaster." I have questioned him close- ly, and in that way become satisfied that he was"as truly a self-educated man" as aqv that evrr w^«known by that title. And (in view of this well-ascertained fact) his powers of expression, bothby voice and pen, must be pronounced verily as-tonishing. Bis taste In the choice of words and fully resisted Tammany dictation. He set an ex. spare or pU'.form in the middle, which Is simply the saloons, are whie panels, with elegant reiuesance States (l,ey repribented might live In harmony, with upon (0 reply. He began by jocosely appealing tograve, ;hajfquizzical^tegrityInherit- ance of ths American Revolution, we must be vigilaatthat no fanatical tampering with it is allowed.Mr. BissAxn Heghzs responded. Without resortingt- feet above the floor, and supported byofsend tbrou^bout the laud, with her material comiao^i-ental avining, foursilver-piatedcolumnsoneachs.de. .\ttheiras all ottier considerations in the pi.hlicftiiS finkinghadexaiiiJiiatu fie Red Sea, some tt76 miles. Among bronzed, with heavily silver-plated hancraiis. These ence. and tbe South ABieric<Lzi8 were uttei'lyunreason- with the fire of tlie heart. l>ead, bis iiemory and ex-furnished Covernment'5forty passenger cirs for the;cur:^e of htstorv on the head of him by whom the in-nation of the Union of thiswUl mybyFowLia, :Invariably evokes, honor you have done me by asking me to reply to a amid cheers.Hcoaks,Jng, said:most remarkable men of that epoch, or any othertbe articles ef ConfederaUon, which hadalto-of the material for" medium," circulatinggethernonefUf them—ever backed out from a doty ever waspast.RepuDlicsruled as the Governor of a European Colonyt.cr.tral wns ab.e to mansgeand they throttled him, too, [Laughter aad EiEvisTB.- TA* Pr«M—The mouthpiece of Freedom.Iwr.i-iTii.— Woman—N.tn7c',8 masterpif^cc. and; only tiling of earth maa never tires of. (Cheers.]Mr. Cxoaex Fcasia' replied. He ladulged ia thaThe opptsile eiids of the saloons are lite the'r limer darkest of tbe Revolution. The great actors in customary style of luxuriant eulogy, and obsetreA daysam assumesthat respondingpolitical gove.Timent I will should ever have assumed the contrary.between, to Tbe toast to which 1;eoOBtcyawS'^tS'^mCoastitutionK, alMrrtfens. They are, as a general rule, admiaisteredaew couatry— mentionIand desire to mani-:; of colors. In the centre of the ceil- sponse. Seventy-two years ago, an as--embly of the achieving the grandci't Lriumptis witb tb*i inadeaasMmeans, and never disgraced by an instance of pride or of ambition ofTtbstTe to their country or daajrerona t> its in.tiiutions of civil liberty.(viLh a rich French such a concentration of power as to insure their do- in aid of the of Ihe of- btuepinei mestic and tbelr common defence in case public opinion mcreastng i>ayprovederyment. Ithadnopoweroverindividualsforthein- ofthqsuccessful combii:atiou of the arabesque style, withthe French rejiirsance. The outside of the car is gether inadequate to the purposes of a central govern- the people were enabled (o pay half their debls—which resulted,omaoietHation. Under the windows of each saloon the States for what was needed for tfie support of the in point of salary (o just one-bslf. Then why should are three principal panels, of somewhat elliptical crimrhon authority. Its requisitions were constintly not Congress double their pay ? That, he repeated,like the deep,£achpanel projects of a coach. Theround.s out a eral system." It was under these circumslaaces thatwork is but not dark, and very rich, poll>lied FrenchW4S the (o save the Union.80X, there was a rapid growth arnrchy tne Fed- Army was excelleni in its way. Nothing could be;disregarded languagealalturned, at this very aMHsent, to tlia C«a-^the destinies of Fraace—Ilud almost aakt of Bo-la hismpe— htads, tt vrtU neuaaUa. to aaatf) extent, the right of the Itallaa neopie to a rotaa'It is our bappiaesa, geatleaea, to have as n' except those we Aoose foraersetvesL R ts tks 4 atltttUca which secures to as this hlahaat of aUjcifl-'But, gentlemen, I did not rise to mskea _,I designed osly to say a few words la delicaeis'ef tia Constitulioa, tbe wisest tormof goveraaBaat,ttasMHUef assumetobepurerthaaWAMm^xf ,is pwa.whieb aar IhaaoiCungxs, ai ToMixii.3,and Wsiear, and IUzct, aad Bonex—tba il- iustrlous dead of the New-York wboa family of many brothers,m the one io the in the of the orla which i( could be those of the flue clear panes forming the tops of the I thank you most sincerely, for calling on me, principles, and the stability of the Demoeratte Partr.the size of the window-panes—To this Col. DoHSBT replied.only waysap-bom oa soil, (o respond (o (]is( (oas(, which is no( alone mos(her the af sabjaetand of man's reason and patriotUm. pledgebelief that theand pressed was by securing (he success of OemoeraUcengrossing consideratloa just imw jury would accrue to either if (he whole coualry werejoiningformlty. In the middle of the balustrades are wire common interest. He concluded by invoking the to it an eternal union ag&inst every foreign or domeMisfoe..KlXTH Civil and Religrious Liberty Foand per ectto (heval was ronfinued vri(b undiminished pleasure till;predoasCapt. Waxb, of (he North Carolina, was calledmthe reduced Navy beingit had ever faded to fut- could say —nWiwhere (he festi- "MWMbkUtory tniik U » feat Si incheswithout deserving theui.They havecalof verysystems— which they are the head—ar words are listened with a' ttMll 1.-.;cumwww.fultonhistory.comP. 