 fej• F anot in actceordaonace with my wishes; think that tome ofpose of recovering'my health; waa absent in Europe on Eighth avenue stables tart year; never receivedgroundwhich hithai country.among whom it la regarded at the national ga nativecountry,therer-^: *rise,2rfoe*p>aa -a*it. it KM•a} P*rt<>Kevy f theithat the discrepancy no doubt aroae from Si",hjag-im ofin it* passage.I creature-othiww-,,lis! «Mf.lltWW .VNHMt«Miiir»>:B^eecB- L(r"fV*isw%:;.,:'planted, within five minutes after they are taken out af tho ground. Otherwise they must be "heeled in" at fast at they arc taken up. If they are to be car- ried far, the rooto must be covered with damp straw or weeds or earth, ia the cart. No tnes moat bo al- lowed to stand, after they have been token from the cart, neon than fro minutes without being heeled in,over2,000acresini,;(Mr.Hughes,the"expert,"testified groundandhold political conversation withthemen,or Mr.Greencommencedquestioninghimandhestillper- onTuesdaytherewere2,000acres);amresponsiblefor attempttocontrolthempolitically;writtenorderswere sistedthatMr.G.badnorighttoexaminehim,andfor/No mom trees or shrubs of ordinary sine should beyears" apprenticeship at gmdealng in Austria.The investigation for the day then dosed, and the com--teall the papers. / Cross-examined—Theoriginal planswereallsubmittedWitness stated that he was superintendent of the work during the absence of Mr. Olmstead; considered the work atwelldoneunderthesupervisionofMr.GreenatwhenIT ©* aOYSotcw „ ^ S Toax M?. V r-jg l u T T - ^ OBWednesdayUrnannualmatchbeta,and Thanto(Bootch)JOB"*B.». ctis, J ^, U>l AJiO KTJUS riLLAT—,BOWLDKJt Of T O- of the eeaualttoe were late in making onTuesdaymorning,andthe mvottige.es.(The Park has over twortUUFuntil about eleven o'clock.e ca!Wto ordT then ware a number of remarkt anauttheeditorialtatheHnuiaonthe tovatigttiou;aba dock as stated by Mr.id that could poamMy have oeen tmved;<did not be- that the general maaagemeut of to* ParkMr. Hughes. and do not consider htmt practical landscapegardener; it It one thing to draw a plan oa paper andtake $40,000 men to finish it; the difference arose fron the changing of the plan of the terrace by the Board; tho terrace as it now stands U much more elaborate than theforty feet; that was an excavation; it was filled up; a slight alteration had been madeon the south cut at the reservoir; the alteration did not extend over a distance oflaid that be was a biacksmith helper; bad been twice em- ployed on the Park; was employed on the Park at helper to Mr. Vivian; received orden from Mr. Kehoe to make aif he eoukT aooaant for the apparentarchitect.Croatevamioed—Assisted Mr. Otmstoad in designingthe grouping of trees on tho Park; consider the directions given by Mr. Olmstead to bo good; would have made tome addition* if ho had given tho orders himself.publis, if they wore willing to appropriate more money; his suggestion was adopted; original estimate for bridges was $29.000; the additional amount expended arete from anincreasetathe'number ofbridges andtheconstrue. Don oT more elaborate structures; the tame is the cat* wherever any discrepanc ie3 have token place in the costfor the purpose of coonomy.Kehoe: helped Mr. Vivian, make the carving fork; saw several carving knives made; saw several other tools made.Puna ing p. vonetSloBrUbtBeaef.wLquoitsatplayediaNewYork— acian.I. The distances shall be eighteen yards and twenty-onethe loads and amount of nod delivered.The witness was at this stage set on one side, and Dr.Torrey wat plwed upon the stand. Being sworn,laidthathehatnodistinct remembrance whosentforbim to investigate the soil of the Park; wat not sent forofficially; thoaghtthetoilwasnetgood;thesoilwas whethertheboltseraxewentoftfromthePark;donotix maim-fift *.114 GDOnQswMnipvrtaS•••••••*•• o< - t M•m •••••••I*the fart that • portion of the sand waa carted after the MU was presented and wlU be fonad on other bill*, beard Mr Wirn*r»y that sand was being wasted, but he could •ever discover it, usual price of sand la from forty-five to tftv eeats per cubic yard; at the time referred to it waa- m of the Park to pay fifty centt a cubic yard andCross-examined—L<-fttheParkatmyownoption:have no ill feeling against any one on the Park; can't tellit tbeaaaelTea, never had any interest with any i ta hauling the sand there might have been a few above* full lost on each cargo; naad bad been taken awaypresent adopted for the object desired; it will bo found the moat economical ta the end; always held my plan open for changes, if it became necessary, on working thethe employ ofthe Commissioners as clerk; heardthe Commissioners say that tbey wanted to get rid of Mr. Hogg; Messrs. Grey and Field said that they would admitBefore. Calvert Voaka, who la to tho employ of the Park, an experienced and competent architect; been In the Cen- tral ParkthreeorfourtimessincetostJanuary;didnot atahaany close eatmttalhm until last Friday; visited thedens, Sydenham, Garden of Tuillerk*, Phost' logical Parks of Leaden aad Dublto, senate England,Franceandotherplaces;ImadePark, Zoo-tadcommittee, and he thought that they should express tome opmwn about it, which Mr. Hogg also insisted that uicy thouMde.setf.Mr. A. A. Ttin—H won the next witness, who, beingsworn,teatthathewasabrickdealer;donotknowofOUgttaBytatreduocdb yMr Timstintingtheeaawsmloatreofwritingtbe Partthatomakeacriticalscrutinytatthoparposeofnotes of tome of them not study any of them ape- clotty.any poor brick being delivered en the Park: never bad Mr.BotchrepMadthatthecommitteedonotintendto toldany personthatpoorbrtokhadbeenteatthere;have MewYork,snaBtetvanaverytargeae^onereg.„.',.-. another*•"""*•***••thattheHaaatawnem-a w s * * - pTr a ewae*ii"W«a"TM'i" ar•loped todo thedirtywork, fee thanaantlomcnevidcntLMfc! verymuchgrievedthaitheHtsuindidnottake a 1QHareyoumadeanychangetayourplantenac-count of your visit to Europe? A. The reads to the upperendaretobemadenarrower en account of suggestion*that be had madesince be returned; would probablyplantcloser;noparktoEuropelookedsimilartotheCentrai Park; saw bat few bridges in any of the European had been engaged a t such twenty yearn: resides in fesstoc a masaa aad builder: w a t superintendent of con- at feUowav—rtstidont, B I parks; persons superintending then parks stated that New York; prtaf to his engagement on the Park was em- struction of bridges on the Park tart year; have a contractop the-r r o s a c e a » ' ***** " ^ CommLwiottcrf for would make tho entrance for foot passengers by the tideVice!been no material alteration in the plan originally submit- ted for the upper end; thereportsubmitted to tin Legis- lature last winter waa made from a map, when the exact estimates are given; ten per cent waa added to cover the contingencies ta changing the plan; the original estimates for thefountainsand terrace werethem out in the cold.be waaby pro- a native of Scotland, had m uwi boaiaeaa nearly twenty yean; laidof the carriage entrances, and station police to preventaccidents; the largest ground that he ever laid oat of himselfcontainedseventeenacres. Thewitnessleftthestand,but was recalled. Mr. Green asked him what grounds hehad laid out? Witness hesitated some time, but after being the plan of the Central Park was generally approved by exactly similar to the Central Park; have been two years much cheaper than the Park stone; made pronotow McCreath asSecretory- f a n •ij tiafannatTT the amp—gaj of the sendee the dock; have ...g^reUa^atd^ofaandaiidhadatwaiilwen^rrect, watched ekieary everything eonucetod with the audi am1•at now engag* °° the r*rk, left because I could do bet-Kugeae A. Bowman was next called, and being sworn,aiadacape gardening and nursery business; bad beenen found necessary on the working of the ground; there ha*was to examine all applications; he made the tetoctton were about the tame as his estimates; bought his brkk^i getber in pain for the victory. From the subjoined iIn taking up troW or shrubs for final planting on thePark, every t o n of the n o t should, If possible, be pre-served. The tree or shrub should be lifted directly up- vision of planting; superintends the pruning; served three wards, by a hold as near as practicable to the roots, andnot drawn out by a sideways pull.Q Didyoudischargeyourdutywell whilst there? A. I will not answer that question, or any other put by Mr. Green.mittee adjourned until next morning, at ten o'clock. token op at any plane, or at any time, than there are Prof. Reowick will present this morning a aeries ofHogg.EIGHTH DAY'S PBOCEEDINGS. CHARfflal ranFRKBav nr rwaraaaea an* WICK—TESTI- MONY OF JOHN B. CCRTAtV, FaKDBBTCX LAW OI.U- STK.AD AND CALVKKT VANS—MVTTBBTKGS OF MR. HOGG VBOCT TBS FBB8S—COMMUNICATION OF TUB fOMMISSlONKKS TO THK SITEKV1SOKS—ESTIMATESFOR MAINTAINING THAT PORTION OF THE PARK AL- READY FINISHRD, ETC.The Central Park Investigating Committee met at the Astor House Wednesday, at ten o'clock, Mr. Munson in tho chair. The minutes of the preceding meeting being read, the following communication was presented from Prof. Renwick:—No. 21 Firm Avmmt, Naw YORK, June 28 1860. rGKKTL£*iof—In the belief that it is your desire, as it seems to be the object of your appointment, to inquire dag to a depth oC at least two feet within a circle of at fully Into the causes which have led to the enormous ex- least twenty foot across-, unless rocks, or other trees to be penditures of the Commissioners of the Central Park, Ithe workmanship on the Park, and always had it done the best that I knew how; had considerable experience inissued by the Commissioners against it. some'time refused to answer; be-finally, under theyearn ? or having their roots in some manner completelythat road was left on account of reaching adeadteaaa: no extra expense bad been caused b y it •, he also explained the course taken ta cutting the tunnel, which upset t h e charges that had been made; the changes made in that road were chiefly done for economy sake.M. A. Kellogg, being sworn, said that he was by pro- fession a civil engineer, and had been on the Park since October, 1851; been assistant superintendent engineer; the foundation of bridge No. 6 was excavated under his supervision; the temporary road was built in the same place where the bridgo now stands; believed the bridge wellbuilt.Crossexamined—Aminconstant contact with thela- borers:considertheworkwell andfaithfullydone;bet- ter than on any street er reservoir contract around there;Ktiee• p u r - i n edtB» «1•IB)V*-th»*trtVOBcovered and protected from tun and wind and frost. to planting trees or shrubs, each planter should be pro- vided with a sharp knife, with which, on taking the tree in bin hand, h-i should cut dean any bruited or broken part of the roots. No other cutting or pruning it to bedone at the time of planting. Notreeorshrubistobeplanted inanoloorpitwhichMless than twice the diameter of the body of room.No shrub is to be planted in ground which has not been dug or loosened to a depth of at leant two foot within a circle at least six feet across (unless where rocks or othersaved, interfere.The roots must be opened and spread out with the fln-posed it was for talking too much; had reported Mr. Pe- trarchi with stealing coals and lumber; don't think that itwasever investigated; couldnotsaywhether anyloss had occurred to the Board by the error in the pay roll; thought the case he referred to did: never forced a ba- lance on the ledger, to his knowledge, but once, in that case be was told that his figures counted up $250 too much; do not know that I was removed from the time ledger because Jwasinaccurate;mighthavebeen;the systembywhich thebooks were kept, ifcarriedout, couldnotfailtobeaccurate;navetriedrepeatedlytogot back on the Park; have made applications to nearly allThe present mode of electing judges, the Grand Jury believe, ia well calculated to destroy confidence id the Ju- diciary;andunlessitsimportance it token upby those having at stake the deepest interests, the time is not far distant when that security to life, llbarty and property ' which every American to highly values will be greatly weakened. It is very far from the intention of the Grand Jury to detract from, or throw the least distrust upon, thoseeminentmenwhonowconfer honoraadcoasieece Upon the bench; but it is the system of election that istrees or shrubs to be saved interftero).No trot ia to bo planted in ground which baa not beenMr. Calvert Vane, being sworn, testified that he wasnot a landscape gardener; was by profession an architect; the daily enrollment was then shown to tho committee, the Commissioners-, was promised by one of the Com- was employed on the Park as consulting architect; always and Mr. Kellogg explained its use; also tho daily report missioners that I should bo placed on thefist conferring upon tbe lowest kind of politicinns tbe power of furnishing judges for tho county, which a t h e cause of immediate alarm. Politics, at a trade, ia the opinion of the Grand Jury, should disqualify men for any office. In confirmation of this it it only necessary to refer to the late political conventions—to have visited many of our public offices of the highest trust, which were aban- doned by therr iricumbents that they might attend these political conventions. This wretched state oi -things maygers upon n bad of carefully worked, floe mould. Finemouid must then be worked and presaed in among the names hare been furnished me in my capacity as chair- roots near the tmnk with the fingers, until then are no man of the Executive Committee of the Citizens' Associa-Mr. Millard was recalled and questioned about the ballPark whilst he wast Commissioner; never knew of any other Commlssionr attempting it;hadcontrol of the piomenade from its commencement to the time that it was finished; there was no change whatever in the grade.A short time was spent in rambling remarks about the witnesses to h e called, and ascertaining that tin re were none present, the committee adjourned until nine o'clock nextmorning.TENTH AND LAST DAY.SICFintfiS OF MB. MUKPHT, ONEOFTHB COMMITTEE— TESTIMONY OF PROFESSOR JAMBS RENWICK* A. C.DENMAN, JOHN S. HOWKLL, THOMAS BROOKS, D. U. HUNT, W.C. HAWKSWORTH ANDT. PETRARCHI— CONCLUSION OF THE EVIDENCE—FINAL ADJOURN- MENT OF THE COMMITTEE, ETC.then taken up: think it occupied four or five weeks in al not be surprising when it is considered that politiciauscavities left to be filled. The tilling of cavities must not be a all left to bo done by pouring water on, except with wttf large tree* and in difficult cases.tion, and although I do not feel that I am called upon to take any active part in bringing evidence before you, I should not bo justified in suppressing the information whichhavebeenpa*tomypossession.JA& RENWICK. TothehonorabletheCommitteeoftheSenateofNew York for investigating the affairs of the Central Park. l i s t of the names of parties said to be cognizant of the operations of the Commissioners of the Central Park, andtering it; don't know positive that it had been finished: was told by tbe foreman that the playground had been changed; diefcet know personally that it bad been; all he knew about any alterations were in work that he thought had been finished and wenc being dona on it afterwards;now control the community.The Grand Jury present certain carmen, without a n ytan gas workl.near the East river, to the Providence works,No.367WestEighteenthstreet,tome gat,tar,or other liquid, for the manufacture of manure or other pur poses, spreading on their route through the most popu. lous part or the eity a most dreadful and deadly stench, inflicting a nuisance more abominable and disgusting than do scavengers of any degree.Thegrandinquestareofopinionthat thisvileproduc- tion of the gas manufactory could be transported b> water as economically, without disturbing or annoying taxpayers and other cititens, as is done at present by the concern above alluded to, and the draymen m tbe employ of the Manhattan Gas Company, the Providence Works, and others. HOMER FRANKLIN, ChumadIsaacC Krauix, Secretary.The Grand Jury were then discharged for the term. Alex. McKenxie, who was convicted on Saturday o f a etaultingS.J.Glaasey, htawifeelegaladviser,Who was engaged in conducting a divorce suit for n oOwes*-1o' BeforeHon.JudgeGouldJLM 27.—Tht People w. Ifonsyaua Ffnent—Thit pri- soner was produced by a writof habeas corpus la order to settle a technical objection which counsel nays it fatal to tbe indictment for forgery. Aft«- some discussion withThe longer roots must be covered with fine workedBtoaM carefully sifted over thorn. No manure it to beplacedlacontactwiththeroots. Thotreeorsbrnbisnot to be shaken or amed up and down in order to settlethe earth aboat the roots. This must be done with the au-gers. No heavy treading Is to be given the roots after they areeovered.Ifih*treeorshrubtenotlikelytostandfl'-m pointsonwhichitissupposedtheycantestify:— ly through the winter, a mound of earth may be drawnHOMES FRANKLIN, Foreman. Isaac C. KEW>ALL, Secretary.hadonlya focndatiocinqnleksand nopiles weredriven' down;arcanewanmadeaadtho c<ouoavo of toobridgepat carried oa over that foundation; bridge No. sevenha*iween erected la about the same manner; 1st tint if they did.There was ptid for the land on which the old Arsenal stood...hath no trouble; did not know of any 'bridges that suffered in that way.Cross-examined—Was notabridge builder; badbeen employed ;n the Park onlv as foreman of excavation, L ucould ascertain the truth of the assertion.Mr. Hogg, muttering, refused to answer. Mr.Munsonstatedthequestionwot a propercne,andthat if Mr. Uteen insisted, it was the doty of Mr. Hogg toPark have nothing to do, and are not responsible for it. Theworkassigned theBoardwastotoyout,adornanddecorate the Park.Theyhavealreadyexpended inlayingoutthePark,opto the 27th June, I860, the sum ol $2,037,870 26.This is all that has been spent.The Park i t about half finished.The Commissioners have at their disposal the furthersum of about $2,500,000, making the total cost of tho> Park about $4.,500,000. * With respect to the matter before the Board of Supor-vison, certain1 parte of the Park i r e completed—nearlydepend upon circumstances whether I would have paths for pedestrians on the roads ; I jweid have two reservoirs in the Park; I think it would bo bet terto have the walk around the like ao that pedestrians could sec thewarer: but I presume that the Croton Aqoe- duct Board would not permit the walk to be made near the shore or water; I have never laid out a park in my life- the law of 1867 allowed a great deal more money than wat necessary to construct apart; do not know whether Z would have fenced it; I should have loft thePark' *t *~u ,-. til "weti ***** 4$m*m •* jtajlthink all then bridges t a d transverse roads very un sightly; have known of buuldere being importoo »Vthat dreadful scourge, yellow fever, introduced amongst us without a moment's warning, through the seeming want pf experience or efficiency of those to whom is rnaaalltiifl thcrespoBsibae trust of protecting the health of this groat city, i d irtote duty and greatest care should ever be exerted for ~peciallytoatthe neatartdaeger exist*.I am aware it Ii said that nobins of health are permitted to come to tbe eity withoutHmoth or the grub as it litteth. ta perfect quirt, aad eaVr wards dream of realms of bota, witfemt eanfe i fearing to be buried from its home on the bough by sto it immense meteoric body flying taaeagu&e air, rytagoeatoanddestrurttrjcteauswifoBawaAlencreatfoundation of bridge six to a depth of eigh | answer. Therefused to g i n the names, and thewas the first witness caUed, aad being been six weeks in New York; camea native of England; a practical three years' tpprcttjiceship; hare notthe Parkarbut have applied for a situa the roads in the Park too wide; did notthe playground.CTimtatfino the witness stated that he testifyattherequestofMr.Hogg;he ' too large, and a useless thing altogether;to the lUiublc but once; spent about one tgnt ft all wrong; believed the work of the >mpetent persons; did ant know any ofKjaWwtlMwwa^ftH atf#joaaaVgll^avawahav^aa^aaawa• 4t wsrmm \swifuusubject tten John E. Curisworn, said awryto>pwatp oaa tho water to tare the foundation, tram ColumbiaIStijVr"^ ""*"*« t**.iuick.«B4l; olwayt obcye-l J gaidluer, sorvt been employed• * 1 " Now TotC eight 'cars has pn.:ti*>d landscapew»*aftant para, private park or a royal waaatoer the eatraarea to the Park wellUai; totaiaer like the caveCntfaa eoac herehave at-t ' hour there Park done by she men.mo-t beautiful feature of the Pork; 1 think that the Park T^fernthfgroundwill"dm"ofit)shouldbeleftas near natureatpostrielc; Ithinkthepondtherea"mad hole;" the water there, when I visited the Park, wasappears to me that tbe most obvious aad simple method toridoarcityofthemhasbeensadlyeegtoetod,«s: that of affordtag protection to their natural enemks, the birds. These ban been, by the Implacable hatred oFtheVt*w£Lwr«tae tae'^^ln ^S*i£ThepublicarenowenjoyingItastheyintheCityHall, Washington square, h e The annual expenteeC wataring the lawns aad the roads must be provided for. Itis obviously net right that the construction fund should not clear-it was muddy; I think the Park as it port, in allowing the accumulation of so large a number "small boys," entirely driven from our parks arte pub be charged with the annual current expenses. To meettea Park » WWJBMWMwsrw^wMlwV'. . MIC wMTtwTVJ VU wtaaW InUlastood w a s quite sufficient without trenching; i t of vessels, mostiy from the West India aad 8outh Amert lie patent; tad it stands to roatoatbnt if, wfenoBttg those thisthelawprovidesthattheBoardofSupervisorsshall would benttattary to banplaces of shelter lathe canports,withcargoesliabletocontain Infection,within littlecreatoeslightsupontbegroundtofeeduponthogrubraise $190,000 per annum for the maiatenance of police, Park and I think 1 would put i n enclosure round the very Umite of the city. But the complaints of such a stone comes whimtag by Ks tiny head. it wtfi nataraUyha thoaght if tht upper end of '^e Tark was taiAed athe sasno style at U*»*tf sad, the Park is only about stylalinesj I am satisfied with theof the Park have not made the architecturalIrefertotheentranceson Fifthlido or a»'VtlttPhenlsFaifc. B s (Mr. Greta)Badgiventhe thilement correctly,butathefellgrieved under it he (Mr. Green) bad brought the subject up in order to give Mr. Hughes an opportunity to explain.Mr. Hughes then read from the Eeprat t report that he knewthatPhenfxPark,Dublto,containedtwohundred acreo,andMatedthathedid"nottestify,anddesiredthe committee- to have it authoritatively corrected.caxuet say what the Park may 1 g i n a guess; I do not think tanhmd costhalfcfseven miUoat;IbeardthatHatwintertheywere asking $10,600 for iota oa FifttPivenne. near the Aft; Itb3k three millionsaadahalfitmorethanwant tnelandoftbeFnrkiAouM hare cost; I cannot my what It it worth BOW: ta saleable value unqueatiooabiy the Parkhasnaturallyenhancedthevalueofpropertythen I cannot say what ha« been Wad oat on the Park.Annul. OA^.AND faUBtl*?lVMATC"OFTHB BAMS A*TM! * t'H'aw—TBW nxUalonottt r< finiiihodyoan of ago;act. and has had experience ianot tell the sine of any of the PhsnaixPark,Dublin,con-, 1Mated in my i that mf•l,l«i8,««., surplus for extra buildings and contingencies (koctading Uaasimm reeds, taOejTfadditions have b «,400,QrjO;considerable additions hare beento my plan by the Oinimkwlaaiwi; I eantlfiar that «fTBI NBWyoaa < W>IT CLtTBB—rantestifying beforethecommittee;didnotexamineonly certain thing<; volrnteond hit testimony before this com- mittee; donot liketheCommittlonert;owethemaolove tor their treatmentinthecompetitionforplans; didnot considertheworkatthePixthavenueentranceromantic;setthemselves muttertagi.bycensorsofthepress. Afterafew Hogg and Hughes, the subject wasnotexaminedthebrickonthePark:toldafewthousand to the GMnmnwioaen, of thbnest kind of brick, for $6 » perthousand: the average prise far commonbricklast seawnwasfrom$425to$4 76.prompted by Mr. IJaoielt, stated that he assisted Mr. DanielshilayingouttomegroundtoMowJersey.those having charge of the European parks; there might engagedassuperintendentengineerofthePark;received forbridgoNo.9, themarble bridge; putInan Wednesday,laablypresidedoverbyMr.DoBy,. heafewmodificationBtathedetailsbelow Seventy-ninth myinsiructiont from Mr.OtsasteadandMr.Vance;had estimate for granite and brick; the contract was very respectablenumber of memben on lit roU. itreet; have net abandoned the plan above Seventy-ninth alto received instructions from Mr. Green in reference to finally awarded to Mr. Kennedy ; aaade an match yesterday was one huadredshots Mabig leave to communicate a list of the names of gentle- men who are understood to he cognisant of matters which fall within the sphere of your investigation. Thesefollow the directions of the Commissioners: have drawnall the designs of the bridges; the working draw-ings have ail been made under h i s supervision;witness explained fully ta regard to one of the tickets for tho ball given by the timekeeper, Petrarchi;bridges, that one of Mr. Hogg's witnesses had be had a number of tickets, and handed to them those whopreviously declared unsafe. He considered the bridgo asked for them; did not receive any pay for them; do notwell built and safe, used the inverted arch for the reason know who did; no person was forced to take a ticket,that there wis no other course without driving piles, or threatened with dismissal if he did not;the witness alto testified in regard to the other bridges understoodthatthochargeCBICfromMr.Hogg;didnotthat had been called in question; looked upon them all hear of the rumor from any other source; knew of Mr.assafe,andgavehitviewsoftheconitructionofthe Hoggattemptingtocontrolpoliticallythomenonthe donotknowofanyoverpaymentsofmoneybeingmade numberstotheircarts,fortransportingfromtheManhat-|f\.MEW TOBK HERALD, SATURDAY, JTJNB SO, 1860.-TRIPLB SHEET.\ President of the Board of Commissioners of Central Park- Mr.Hogsstatedthathehadintendedtohave called a*\ Arow.H.Cans,ComptrollerofthePark.numberofpersonsnowemployedon thePark, but tbcy§ ThecostofthelandtakenfortheParkwas..$5,744,79874refused to testify, hiring been threatened with dismissalt.tteowtolxtlr\jt5Ki&. Froatorrk Olmiteafi, the Architeet-ta-Chief, was\ irrigation and ether !hecestary current anneal expenses. Though the Commissioner* b a n the right to require $160,000, theyhave asked for only $01,600 for Uu« yuar.Mr. Hogg said that it was reported in the Iwaot that he paidMr.Curtainfour dollars perdayforhistime whfltt testifying-•-':•Ar*alUaUUttreran*aAAwafo\u+9 mmt^J% wmwaCurtate reneured tear deUars par awyaitheltatpaienthat be wat employed.lark, have s o n all thejonti—.Wtg<_did'actcaai at hMpnatoston, who, being duly sworn, testified as fol erily engageoddas Superintendent of the Urchltect-taJ- _ * »5Wff • |tmtwwaa "*• jIt never was • f*§Mhn andtime of my vfcit parks; examinedit; lihink it at unimportant to have bridges for the car persons are a matter of little moment compared with the seek tome man secluded shady nook, far from this Babel rnges to pats over, and ntttestrtans to a s s under; I immment risk to which tbe city is now exposed of having of vice, iniquity and small boys, where M canfeedon theLnSt -r^pnwls^an^ivS; day; make a dkily journey through the Park.By Mr. Monroe—Do you adhere to the main plan In Its principal features? \ vWitness—Wc do. I VMr. Monroe—Do you ever change the detail without submitting it to the Commissioners ?Witness—1 do not. yMr. Botch—Do you consider that the work on tho Park is of such a nature as to be let out by contract?Witness—No contract can specify the particular work to be-done.S. Botch—Han the work, in your opinion, been done ellbytheday'sworkatbythecontract?Witness believed that it badbeen done better.engineer, and had been on the Park two yean: been en* Mr. Green's question for courtesy sake. it will sootH*Tajaumn, erfiot imj gagedonthetransverseroads;therockInthecoton ToMr.Green—WasappotatedaboutFebruary,1§59; obtainevideneeof•rime:aswitnesses,fromfearofthist j ^ S S M S .left the Park last September; received my pay for all that unjust imprisonment, will at once escape whenever they time; was told that I would b* ji.—i—«ftlie first of July toe i crime committed, thus leaving the criminal unpun- or Ananat; received a notice from Mr. Olmsteadf sup- ished for want of evidence.on account of errors in the time or pay roll.FrancisPetrarchi,'beingtworn,saidhehadthecharg• of the time ledger since 1857: had been an accountant uf teen years. (The witness here explained the manner of.keeping the books: showing the most thorougb system adopted.] He put Mr. Hawksworth at balancing the pay rolls to test his capacity; found that he was not qualified; hemadeanerroroftwentydollarsInonecolumn;donot consider Mr. Hawktworth competent; the mistake mad- by Mr. Hawaworth was by adding the twenty dollars to one column to make it balance; Hawkswortb was, at he understood, removed for incompetency.Witness h e n explained in regard to the selling of the balr tickets. Millard came to him and desired to have a ball,andattheirrequesthe hadtheball athis mother in-laws; it wat for an evening entertainment for the fore- man of the Park; got the tickets printed and handed them toMr.Millardandoneother;theydisposedofthemand that was all that he knew about It; never threatened any of the men on the Park with dismissal if they didn't take a ticket; told one man if be pouldnZinax.tar jAba * « nItrytoplantrapidly. Skitteroneshrubanhour mannerastoinvtm•awy«w»*»u**"oam,K"*i'".ilwnnUl matehiwritingoftheamountofmoneythatwillbere confinedtohtabedandunabletoattend, wteeuetoMr. Chargeofthem;theywererefuseboards;hitwifehadop around the trunk of sufficient height and breadth to ballast it. (ThJtiatobolovcllodiathesprmg.)No tree or shrub should be planted deeper than It has previootry stood, unless there are special reasons for it. the collar, or junction of the bark of the trunk with thei tender bark of the root, should be as little as possible Urn general surface of tho adjotomg ground.m a bo are chargod with the planting of a troo <will be hold responsible for the conduct of thoaa Mist them, aad are directed to refute to go on with the work if thev cannot secure implicit obedience to these directions,tadwhattheythtoktobesufficientcareami paint taking on the part of every one. ' They will not al- low any man to work with them who ia careless or clum-sy a ni* treatment of roots.No trot or thrub is ta "be pbntcd under unychvuaiThe Hon. F. A. Conkling—That the Commissioners of the Central Park, en applying for the law of lfcwB, pledged themselves that the turn of $300,000 therein granted would suffice tofinishthe work.& M. Hopkins—That tho city has not realised fifty per cunt of the cost of the labor of the workmen.Mr. Holder, contractor of the Bergen tunnel, Jersey City—That in eooaequcuc© of incompetency in the en- gineer's department, some of the work in the Park has been done throe times over, aad that he ottered to com- plete all the work of the Park, with the exception of planting, according to the plan which took the second premium(planninth),forthesumofonemillion,afierins as bis securities the Hon. J. P. Phoenix and I>. S. Gregory.J. II. Roe—That the tile drainage is a total aad entire failure.bridges:The investigation for the day was then closed, and the committee adjourned untlTHialf-past nine o'clock tiexfc morning.I£TT£K FROM THE COMMISSIONER.The Board of Supervisors a t their session on Tuesdaybad a bu.uabble over the appropriation askod for by tho Park Commissioners for the maintenance of that portion already finished, and in their discussion of that question found themselves in a fog, and asked for a statemett from the Commissioners. 'The following tetter and statement were yesterday sent thcm>—jrot 13, isao.To ran Hon. THE BOARD or ScrEnnsoRs or THBCITYAMI CorsTT or New YOUK:—The Board of Commissioners of the Central Park, Incompliancewithsection4oftheactentitled••Anact for the construction, regulation, maintenance and govern- ment of the Central Park in the city "of New York, and to provide additional means therefor," passed March 19, 1860, transmit to your honorable body the enclosed esti-The Senatorial Central Park Investigating Committermet at the Astor House yesterday, Mr. Munson ta thechair.. A letter wat received from Senator Murphy, oneof the membeys of the Committee, stating that be waa my for hi»» »-a •"•« uoarts of Mr.liTller wbo hadtheAlfred Craven—That the whole of the work upon the 1 in tho beat mannar. Work tedamrtonabv i'-rnlral Park is susceptible of being specified in such ai the best manner, than fifty planted only pretly "well. FRrD. LAW (MJtrWKdll, Architect ia-Oiief.have been estimated in advance within margins as etc*.* an any other work of civil engineering.John B. Jervis—That It is impossible to perform any- work of the kind economically except by contract.quired for the maintenance and government of the Cen- loaned one pailful of otal and did not know whether she fTOrarau»i«auiioia«rentyear,ending with the 10th Murphytostatethatbohasbeen'preventedfromattend- returned itornot;thesearetheonlycasesthatheknewanything about.Mr. Botch thenoffered the following resolution, whichWitness aaid that he had made a complaint to tho foreman about the manner the trees were planted, It was then thfct der was shown him; consider the per ceniage ofday of March, lsei. By the terras of this act, the Board of Commissioners of the Central Park is authorised to present an estimate to your honorable body for $160,000ing the sessions of the Committee by severe slcknofi.The irst wMness called was Professor James Renwick,19Untitled Documentstated that Mr. HuP W WJWA1DwealdJohn Lane, being sworn, said that he was a masonbysoaT; did not gtt a premium; them wereneceatary; get leave of absence for the pur- He a l n denied having been prompted by Mr. tjtfita and neWwat entheOnurtaferk be* nan; worked of Tarick aad Grand streets.Danicla. t h e n reportfi (continued Mr . Hughes) any bricks from t h e Central Park; rejected ail toft brick; and the level groundwheretheRambleto;con- WindPark,HydePark,Regent's,VictoriaPark,KewCar- an made for the press at the courtesy of the paid$4Maad$474perihniittal,aadeartedthornhtavted in drawing, the chief point was the central eatven weeks; rented daring that time Birkenhead park, beassisted««t aportoe ** Greenwood • t e ' *heftrl*'>n*1"ar**! ***nuule; wa» wwmmmded to ihc Central Park Ooexminloue—hy theOoroptrollerof Greenwood, Mr. Ferry; attend mid that be resided in Morrisonia and was engaged at street; there It no plan but what it subject to change, if forces, discipline and appointments; the rule of the Board ntimatenfterwards for marbbv the figures of Mr. Kennedy piaeJFCl'B Of U*0 Va^MNK • t i l l , Oao MWttt MCM*gaged in this business all his life; was a native of France; bad been engaged oa tho Central Park, but ia not now, consider thoplanting, bath to grouping and the manual work, well done; the objection that had been raised before the committee about the planting could not possibly apply- only to a few trees around Seventy fourth street; thefrom the candidates for tabor ta the Park; bad always Mr. Beck; bought a quantity of brick for $6. per then ft will be teea that the New York Club owtateed a dealbeen left free to select from the best men who applied; sand and the Park engineers rejected them; would not al jar* victory It it worthy of remark that Mr. Doda-gavedirectionsaboutthotransverseroadatSeventy-ninth lowthemtobeused:commencedbuildingbridgealx:did wwrth,oneoftheplayers,isupwardsofarreatyliswrVnot consider tho foundation the best kind; hadWit •£'"*»* »tiUretainshatpiirttaevit^aeidaootneyof bridgeson worse foundations than that; it wat a mintofeter knew Mr. Warner and believed that be was not to beknewofaoaand beingwanted byfallingoff planting around theRamble badbetaexcellent:know $2o,0tJ0;about$40,000havebeenexpende1,aadItweald thetunnel;adeviationembraceda distanceofthirtyto ThomasBrookswasthenext witness. Bstagtwon, Dodtwerthis Bobby......laV^ ta%Ahey...ar........ BM 2f*ta U Ii fhaaaawa. ftanother to put It in operation; Mr. Daniels had not a goodonbeim- reputationinlandscapegardening;baaalackofinforma- originalplan;suggestedtotheCommissionersthatan. iiftyfeet;didnetdefinetheextentofthecutatthetime; carvingfork andsteelforMr.Hanleyj.saw Patrick W.Joanned~Mr. Hoggreadabillofsandand tiontoregardtotree*;believedhtmtobeagood otherplanwouldbettersuittheaccommodationofthe thevariationwaathenthreeorfourfeet;thechangewas CMaramaketwobatebeto;putahandleinanaxeforMr—1» 13*w* —18 Mwaea....»»..'»»..... a•iasralion bo let him off; aid at one time borrow = t x Mr. Green read from the minutes of t h e Board, showingthe statements made by him from personal examtaatioa oftheapplicant;haveasalaryof$4,000:timefullyoccu- pied; generally night and day; have no business hours: have been consulted in the plans of several parks since I have been employed on the Park; gave plans for but ono; gave one man a leave of absence for three daya to super- intendthegroundsofMr.Jay,taWestchestercounty.Mr. Hogg wanted to know If the witness had writtenanyarticlesforthepresssincehisemploymenttathe feetoutofline,andaskedthewitnessifthatwasthe thecommitteetounderstandthattheMayorcouldnotre- Park in regard to the Parkf case. move a Commissioner unless he had improper Interests inA. Havebeenawriterforthepress, moreor loss,be Witnessknewofnosucherror;wouldhaveknownitif toocontracts,andfornoothercause. foreaadsince,forseveralpapers,onvarioussubjects,but thathadbeenthecase;Mr.Crcenbadnorelativeonthe Therebeingnootherwitnesspresent,Mr.ConklingwaslandsofMr.Warner,butrepaidIt;Mr.Warnerpretended that be waa '.oaaiag the sand that ho was taking.Thomas Hogg, brother of the ex Commissioner, being asran, mid ho resided ia (few York, wan a nurseryman byprofession;mvettigatedthe soilof a portionof the Park to (certain whether it was suitable for trees; found K unfit for trees; consider that the primary cause of the deathofthetreesplantedinft;harebeenemployedon the Park and purchased the trees and plants, and sawthatthebillInwhichMr.Hopfoundthediscrepancy was ordered to he paid by the Board when Mr. Hogg was t member, ho votitg to favor of paying the bin after the treasurer had refuted to pay it. Mr. Hogg Kill Insisted thatthenwaaadiscrepancy;thattheCommissioners,by taking 500 yards at the dock, and paying thirty five cents per load for carting, had paid ton centt more for that numberofyardsthanthecontractprice. Mr.Greenthen showed by the receipts on the bill that the cartmen car- riedmorethanhalfofacubicyard at each toad, todinwork on the Park was of that nature that It required and sharp shooting, back and forth, order prevailed, and peculiarjudgement;hareexamined bridgesix,and Mr.HoggaskedthewitnessifheheardanyoftheComwhentheycouldbefound; lookedupontheplanofplant- ingthetrees*theParkanbeingobjectionable;froma thatwaymorethanmadeupthedifference.long experience would consider the mode of plantingwrong; consider most of the man engaged ia that business K lol, am BOWengaged a portion of the time on the ; receive are dollars a day for all time actually em-ployed ; formerly received are "dollars per day for all the Cme wnether at work or not.Mowas hen asked by the ex-Commissioner Hogg if his salary had been changed on account of bis (Mr. Hogg'*) opfMition to the management of the Park, to which the witness commenced relating n private conversation that ha had with Mr. Gray on the subject, ia which the latter referredto that enbjeet,batthetestimonywasobjected to, for the reason that it was not official; saw an invoice of the trees brought from Europe this spring; one of the trees was charged five guineas, the tree was about five foet, bought three of the same kind, but smaller, in this country, for five dorian.Croas-esnnsined Uave Invariably endeavored to pur- chase the trees for the Park at the lowest terms and for the best interest of the pnblic and the Park. (Mr. Green here handed the witness the printed instructions issued by Mr. Ormatesd la regard to the planting of trees.) Wit nass said that he saw thaw instructions; they ware not seat to him when he first commenced working on the Park; it was not a part of his duty to plant trees.Bmihn^Win^ uiaociawof^haisatiactions:--^, banocBoaa » Aix Bsucm nr Monro oa TuomvoMr. James Amno being sworn, said that h e was en- gaged on the Park; had charge o f keeping the grass in or- der; did not consider the trees on the promenade well planted, if they had been by experienced men he believed that two-thirds of them would have been living at pre- sent: did not t>elieve the fault to have been ia the toll[These trees were, it will be remembered, planted by contract, and the contractors, tad not the Commission- era, are responsible.} H a n not teen any trees planted on the Promenade this spring.Cross-examined—The trees planted b y tho Park men onthePromenadethrivedwell;thetreat inand around the Ramble all lived; believed the men engaged in plant- ing the trees competent.Ignaa Pillat, being sworn, testified that his occupation was a landscape gardener; have been engaged on the Park since itscommencement; hat been engagtd Inthebusi- ness of landscape gardening all his life; has tost but few trees that he hadtaken chirp of; he bad the supervision of the planting of trees ia the Park; the trees on the Pro- menade were planted by contract; considered Mr. Pollard qualiiied for hit duties; he waa recommended to Mr. Olm- stead b y Prof. Torrey; keeps constant watch over h i s men to tee that t a accurate return of time is made.On thecrost-cxammationthe witness testified that he had laid out i number of gardent in Austria, and a num- bertothoSouthern States;neverlaidoatanypark;has had the supervision of the planting of all the trees on the Park except the Promenade: there have net boon one hun- dred dead treea taken op out of those that he had the super-never told any person that he was the author of the arti- cles, as be considered the editors only responsible for them; they were on several different subjects.Park to the witness' knowledge: no person had been ap- pointed on political grounds; he believed that there was an error in tho grade of Seventy-second street, caused by amistakeofthoengineer,whohassincebeendischarged and hat not been on the Park for two yean.Mr. Hogg nervously objected to the question, and itsent for; he sent word that he was engaged on the Grand Jury and could not attend.Mr. Green said that be hoped that Mr. Conkling would be compelled te attend;hehadmade seriouscharges against the Commissioners In bis place in the Legislature, aad he desired to give htm an opportunity now to prove them.William C. Hawktworth, being sworn, said:—Native of Ireland: had been in this city two years; by profession a civil engineer; have been employed on the Central Park as timekeeper; am not now engaged on the Park; went over thePark every daywhilst employedthere;sawWilliam Curr, being sworn, said that ho had residedia New York for forty-two yean; waa a gardener by pro- from the original estimates; considered that his original what the farmers called muck; it was not thoroughly de- know who the hatchets were made for, or whether they......100Tho following are the rules goveratag the game offctieion; not a landscape gardener; was native of Scotland: plan could have been carried oat for $1,600,000; did not it employed on the Pais finishing the ground; do not consider that amount more economical than the plan atknow anything about tho planting of trees.; Cross examined—Am a general foreman on the Park;cayed vegetable matter;behadnoknowledge ofthe planting of the trees: recommended Mr. Pollard for employmentonthePark:knowthathebadstudied bota- ny and had considerable experience ta that line, and qualified for tho position that be recommended him for.wentof)fromtheParkornot.David H. Hard, being sworn, said that be had beta taTatai.Total.......,OShave been employed then two yean; the men in his de-withouthisconsent;nevermadeanyarrangementstoex-'parunentarecloselywatched,andattendtotheirdutyground;taregardtothestatementmadebyMr.Keyet Mr.GrantwaathenrecalledandquestionedbyMr.theydesiredtogetMr.Hoggoutoftheway.yards,measuringinadirectlinefrommottomot.enure sand; ft wastakenbyMr.Warner'steams; warn aboutbridgesbeingtorndown,itwasfalse;nothingoftho Hogg,thesubstanceofwhichwenttosustaintheCum- Mr.Crayaskedthewitnessifuwatnotthegeneral twtivo toads wen taken before he discovered Mr. Hogg than presented a number of orden for sand, kind hid been done; did not know of any bridge being miasioners in their action ta changing their plans, show- desire of the Commissioners to get rid of Mr. Heggr%ThemotsshallprojectnotmoretoontwoindaheJC laches above the level, aad shall incline towardsother at an angle of about forty fin degrees, and% as soon an ho found it oat ordered and endeavored to show discrepancies, and called upon moved forty feet from its original foundations; am re- ing that they were done for two objects—either for thett'w be stopped; the party taking another load Mr.Greentoexplain. Thoorderwittodeliveronethou sponsible for the employment of tho engineers convenienceofthepublicanddurabilityoreconomy.bad h.m arrested; Mir. Warner came and made a great fuss sand cubic yarda of sand at $110 per cubic yard, whilst and foreman; the engineers aad foreman are Cross-examined—Consider the engineers in the employabout it, and be thought bo would die, and oat of eom- it would appear that be obtained $190 for a portion of 11 all examined by Mr. Grant, and appotated on of the Park qualified for the positions held by them; the any further questions. After some further controversy-Mr.Hogg then asked the witness several questions,whether he wrote articles about the Park which had ap-peared in the public press? or if be bad used his influenceto have articles inserted? and several other questions ofthat nature. The questions were objected to and ruledout, as no charge had been made that the Commissioners wan dropped. or their employes, betides constructing the Park, own275,000 00The total cost of the land of the Park to thistimehasbeen., ,,With this tho Board of Commissioners of the Central cd tboroughjhro like Broadway would; it would4,019,79874WilliamH.Grantwaa the first witnesscalled. Being sworn,testifiedghathe.wasbyprofessionacivilengineer:John&Hcwell, beingsworn, midthathewatbypreTheNowYorkdab,whichvatBratettnbljthedbrMF. Timothy Waten, aad who wot far attnojroaat Ba PrttP" dent is nowregarded as theprtacawal,bothen aeon ofthenumberotthemtadias atnatWollag tho elnh.i then-superiorskilltaptayathey buffered inconvenience on accoant of there being no ployed by the Now York and Erie Railroad, Hudson River for bridge Me, S back of the areeaaj. coveredcrottways;itwasthecustomtheretocarryon Bain-cad,araitaoadtaOhioandoneinMaryland,andthe Cross•examined—Have builttome ofthebeltbuild-the work in the same manner as that ta theftatnlFark; Poughkeepsie Water Works; never been engaged on works ings in the city; fine Mow Brunswick atone wat portaace, has Mr. McMorrinestreet; Mr.Olmsteadwatresponsible forthework; gave the grades at Seventy-ninth street to hit assistants; devi ations had been made from the plan at the west side ofof clay and quicksand. KJ,W row* ctm. Tnawincicnconsider it perfectly safe; never allowed any inferior brick to be used; there was no change made arising from errorl on the part of the engineers: tho change had frequently beenmadeforeconomy'ssake.missioners say that Mayor Wood would remove him (Mr . Hogg) ii he did not change his course?W mess refused to answer that question, and Mr. Hogg thensaidhewouldnotquestionhimanyfarther.Mr. Green read the charge that had been made that the tunnel at the south end of the reservoir had been out sixMr. Green said that the Commissioners bad no abjec- tion to witness answering the question, and he wanedBy Mr. Gray—What was the character of Mr. Hogg whlist Commissioner of the Park?under seal and without the real name of the author of it Mr. Olmstead wat at home. changes in a portion of the Park; saw the bed of the beingknown;theCommissioners,intheiroriginaladop- Mr.Oimsteadthentookthestandandmadeafewstate- readattheentranceinFifty-ninthstreettakenup;waaments in regard to his testimony; ho wished to give his approval of the course taken b y Mr. Green whilst he was absent: believed the road on the west side of the Park, which had been called in question by some of the "ex- perts," well dene; the playground was also well arranged; he believed that the Park waa half finished, and that ittion of the plan and the commencement of the work, re-served to themselves the right to change the plan; theplan of the Central Park is much more comprehensive andbetter adapted to the wants of the public here than anyof the European parka; the parks in the old countrieshave grown up as royal bunting grounds; there neverwasaninstanceotaparkbeingcommencedaadpushed wastheintentionoftheCommissionerstofinishitwith GreenandProf.Renwick,thetatterbeingthequestionerforward as the Central Pack has been done; the numberof visiters to the Park is dally increasing—he never sawas many v isiters upon the European parks at daily visitthe Central Park: consider it necessary that the entrancefor pedestrians should be made separate, and that it wasnecessary lor the protection of women and children thatthereshouldbebridgesforthemtopassunderoroverthocarriage roads; the managers of the Hyde Park, statedto him that they suffered from inconvenience* of thatkind; believed the bridges to he a desirable nature; material, except one cart load of gravel, that he ever . The committee decided the questions were i l l proper a bridge bad been constructed ta the Tuilertes, furnished the Park: had been in the employ of the Com- tad thought the witness had better answer them.at Paris, last season, to carry one road above the missioners since the commencement of the work: sand Witness said he would make a fuH statement if they other for the protection of pedestrians; have known was carted to the Park for from thirty to thirty-fire would let him proceed without questioning. He com- twenty-five hundred carriages to eater the Park cents per load, each load over a half of a cubic yard. menced making hii statement, but in to low a tone as notmeans of carry ing towards tho place where they are to be charges similar to those previously presented b y Mr. in one day; have visited Phoenix Park; there are Cross examined—Never allow any persons to visit the to be beard.the present appropriation of the Legislature.Mr. Grant was recalled and questioned to the tame points; be considered the present appropriation surficienito finish the Park.Mr. & A. Millard, being duly sworn, testified that beCross examined by Mr. Green—Q. When did you go on to the Parkr A. I refuse to answer the question.was a foreman on the Park: purchased a quantity of sandandpaidfiftycentsacubicyard for it, andsoldit to the Commissioners for the same price; aid not make anything whatever upon it himself; that wag tho onlyQ. Howlong were you employed? A. I refuse to answer that question.was adopted:— iofthetreesintheParkgreaterthanusual;donotusaid,aschairmanofacommittee,tohaveexaminedVtorthemaintenanceandgovernmentoftheParkduringwho,natee»woiu,testifiedthathewasaresidentofNew Resolved,ThattheCommissionersoftbeCentralParktheDistrictAttorney,the«atterwaslaidovertatllto.-jerMr.Pollard,theassistantforeman,competent; Intothecausesoftheextravagantexpenditun-,andto tho ntolutioa changing the salary of Mr. Hogg was offcreJ be in possession of the depositions of witnesses taken by Mr. Green, and is at follows:— beforo him.ftaaarvad, That nay person appelated by the associat iou William C Hawkesworth, it is said, can prove frequent•thecurrentyear,andalthoughthefuturecwy>ha»»r Yorkforthelistsixty-finyean;badbeenProfessorof maintaining the Park is somewhat conjectural, tho Board Natural Philoaophy in Columbia College; had publishedhas, it will be perceived, limited the amount of its esti-mate at a sum, $62,600, less than that authorized by tho works on mechanical and practical mechanics; had notlaw. This the Board has done in the determination to examined the engineering work upon the Central Park keeptheexpensesoftheParkatassmallasumasispos- sufficient to say whether it wat well done or not.horequestedtodirecttheaccountantsinchargeoftheirbooks and papers, in connection with the clerk of thiscommittee,to extendtbedatesasembodiedintheCom-missioner's report to tho Common Council of Jan. 1, I860,to July 1, I860, and to verify the correctness of the sam-byaffidavit,andthattheresolutionpassedJune90 iff re- trials wereset down for Monday. Carroll to be tried spect to the employment of an accountant, be and ishi chief, wader the resolution passed May 19, 1*59, to te- lnettreesforthePark,bepaid for such timeonlyasheat actually engaged to the performance of his duties. Phillip Keys, being duly sworn, Bald that he has been a resident of New York seven years; hat been hi the employ of. the Central Park Commissioners; left thorn on the 7th of December bvt; waa at that tame suspended; wot foreman over some of tho bridgesSixty fourth street: his bustness was in re t o t h e foundations; bridge UK h a d been built by himone year sine*: bad bean isince unearthed, as ithat been removed forty feet; bckend Mr. Green denied the charge of threats, andasked the if drama had been put down there would nameofthepersonthathadbeenthreatened,so thatheTheseprisonersare indicted with another man, not in •uajpdy, for arson ta the first degree. They demanded separate trials: and their counsel not being in court, theirThomas C. Field, a Comml«*ioncr of the Central Park,alterations, at great expense, of works of construction after they had been completed. Abo, frauds in pay. rolls. He is abooompeunt to prove that all the works of construction might have been specified, estimated and contracted for.Mr.Munsonthen statod that toe committee werede-sible, «ith its proper maintenance and government. 11, however, as is not improbable iu a new work, the Expe- rience of the year should prove that the Board haV too much restricted itselfaft will not be unsatisfactory to know that it will be thtfsrcsult of an effort to initiate and perpetuate a-policy of strict economy ta the expendituresCross-examined—I never tent a letter to the Legisla-ture charging the Commissioners with violating their oathsof office; I think ten miles of macadamized road ia thehereby recinded.It was then stated that tbe committee coasi lered thetestimony closed, and that they should now aljourn, sub- ject to the call of toe Chairman, after the hot weather, when they might heir evidence in the way of explana-first..Tkt Peopjf «*• WttUam Damn^er—Indicted for thelower park would be sufficient for the requirements ofonthechangeofplanaridtasteofthepark,andwisheswit. ofpublicmoneysthatwillinnorespectbesubjectt• thepublic:1wouldnotmakethosenodsmerethanthir- tionforanhouroneachside,bntnotmorethanthat.murder of William Hickey and John Kernan, oa the 83d of March tart. This prisoner pleaded not guilty, and the Uiai of one case was act down for Thursday.^ M e People w. Mkkad awavfhv—This priooner is indict- ed for tbe murder of James Fleming. He rtiwded not guilty, and was not ready for trial. Be was isiiiiodiidThe People vt. Poirick JfwrrAy —The prisoner it in- dictedformurder,andhitcasewasartdownforfhura. day.The P-Ofk at. Jam* CoUUt—This prisoner wat mulct- edformayhem,tabitingoff the tipof ChariotUiiimaa. The prisoner, through his counsel, offend to plead guilty toanattempttocommitthecrime,which wat accepted, •nd the plea recorded. The Court sentenced him to the penitentiary for one year.Whnt Small fee Dome With tBto Woman**! TO THE EDITOR OP TBB HtJUUS.NEW Yoaa, Jane If, lea* Snowing the spirit with which you take hold of any- thing for the public benefit, I venture to address yon with regard to s crying evil, of which every lady ta tbe cityand vicinity complains, viz. the inchworms. Various mo; theds have been tried to get rid of thai nuamnce: but Iciirous of closing the testimony a3 soon >3-J>oasibl» nrsseti on those points called first.censure. By order of the Board,B. M. BLATCHFOBD,ty feet wide, and I would not grave) them more than fit' teen feet; the road to be bevelled by carriages I think only requires the ordinary levelling; I wouldnot put mere thansixinchesofhardmaterialontheroad;Uoatsaffect roadsandcents them to heave; Iwould also dramthe roads; I considered the plan of the Park a very bad one, and 1 think the roads are double the width; I also con- sider that theroads have cost asmuch at a crowdAs Mr. Coaokltag had not made his appearance, and tho Commissioners insisting that be should appear, the com- mitttee said that they would give himan opportunity to appearwhoa theymetagain,aadifbedidnotwould bringhimbeforetheSenateforcontempt.The committee thereupon adjourned sine die. • »Havre We a Qwarantine or Modf TO THE EDITOR OF THB HERALD.My attention baa been drawn to the question abovepropounded by the large and rapidly accumulating fleetof vessels from foreign ports now anchored and anchoringin the river between Bedlow's Island tad the Battery,nearly obstructing the passage between the East andNorth rivers, the masters of which vessels, at I am in-formed, receiving at Quarantine what a n nasally termed ••stream permits," requiring their vessels to remain out in tbe stream a certain number of days before proceeding to their several docks. Persons engaged ta the towing business begin to complain bitterly (and justly so, too) of thegreatinconveniencetowhichthey;ansubjectedby tho obstruction canted by this (which teams to the writer) new arrangement of the Health Officer of the"WOW ""IWIRBPP"•Mr. Hogg very nervously said that he should not sub-mittosuchimpertinencefromtheCommissioners,and notbemovedtaanywayduringtoegi without itounless the Interruptions were stopped he would not askbeing mutually agreed upon.3. The shots shall measure from the nearest visible ironof tho mot to the nearest vkdble iron of the qaoit, with- ontdisturbingthodayorquottainanymanner4. In case two opposing quoits touehtag tho mot, they shall not be counted; but the next nearest quoit or quoits of the player making i toucher (or hit partner or part. ners), shall be counted, and note others. ^ *f>. The points of the dividers in all measurements must be dtsttctly rtsible.6. AnypartydtsteebtagtheclayorquoBt,i decision of a shot, shall lose the shot in controversy.T.Tbedeliveryofquoits shall benotmorethenone pacefromthemot—thatis,themotfromwhich thedo livery is made.8. All disputes most bo left to a disinterested party present, whose decision shall be lani,t. No quoit measuring over thirty inches from the mot shall bo counted.10. In case a player is directed by hit partner or tbe judge at tbe opposite end not to play, be shall I o n thai shot, only having the right to play his remaining qoait, ifhe haveone.II. Any player leaving the end from which the ihotgare made, to inspect those already made at the opposite end. shall not coutt en that end; but a son playing part nershallhavetheright to go to the end-iuarnica ther)its arfplayed and inform his partner, and set marks his said partner.IS. The player talking the out shall aJwayt play fir»tat the next.Court of OomoamlBefore Recorder Barnard.ADDITIONAL PaSSKhTMHITS BY TelS OBAHD JCBT ONTBB COLLECTION OP DfcBTs—AN ELBCTIVB / C M - CIARY, ETC. .. .'The Grand Jury came into Court e n Monday with a batch of indictments, and the subjoined additional pre- Ecntments, which were read by the Clerk:—TheGrandlorypresent thelawsforthecollectionof debts as an evil and a nuisance which ought to be abated. Experience of the oldest merchanU is that the cost of law, ta trying to collect, hi as mush as the law secures, wnh- out estimating the k«s» of time to jurors, wiLoesses, fee, In keeping up tbe delusion—the evils of which a n too manifest to every business man to need farther Urns- tration.Tbe detention of witnesses in prison, and often for seve- ral months, awaiting tbe trials of the accused, is flat de- stroyingallconfidenceintbemoraljusticeof otold it was on account of an error; it was retold; the ex- tra cost was about $600; a portion of the promenade was altered: it wat made wider after be supposed that it wat finished; taw a mistake in one of the pay rolls of one hundred dollars.At this tinge a controversy took place between Mr.of the witness, who, after a short explanation, refused to question the witness further.John Bogert. being sworn, testified that he was a civil persuasion of the committee, consented to answer Uons. Calebs thw outrage upon the rights ofcan be abated It will soon be difliaun, ernot impossible, toof the under and the general foreman, showing a thorough system ta every department.Park: Mr. Olmstead issued the order 'for his dismissal; did not know what It was for; tho drive between t h e Seventy-ninth street offio- and the Arsenal, near the latter, had been finished andsaved,*—. — — totofnmBfr&lirIrt memy,taeonrtaftan,amtonr fnnacn areborui any to foal the aectotuj of ptottottai ft" taaafi awns, ta order to protect their erept against the grab, and teat m all European cities where parks aad tren are found tb.-re*«""»•Then isaosafeir lantarlnrtoomuchrelianceuponthe statemenuatuauy^contataed inwhaTare termed^doanmodities in foretgn ports can easily be procured even whentbe state oftoe health oft*he same is very questfcaatole. skillmtngi-AwigpwowarvOawwB^BBJwsBt)aimbiawjIMwlBflOwtaVaLfrwUdA»a*«TAawtVwrVin this country."' work ass sixmasmit cost nearly fourteen mitota. teawiok-I begyour rawdon. (th^Profcalled to the subject of this communicaTton at an earlyat will egfeaually protect thodty fxmn the leatwAsem't w^m sear*faettaga of aomeo»4 '• «TJjtpw Jc*i, wine——ofpurmoaticn byfuof r1*11 t i i foaii • ftwhi • sal • i i fgyjui Lnam. The St. Andrewt Club,for IMmorrow.The PeopU «. Jama Gartott and tkomat H. Sko-idon--• VThomas M. Tryniski 309 South 4th Street Fulton New York 13069www.fultonhistory.com 