 1II• ''.:'>' •<? I ' ri> •H 'r§ 1 EB1 •B-.tothinkaboutmakingsomeprovisionfor "thehere give a brief summary o f some of the results of rainy day." The peasants then leave their huts the East African, the descriptions o f Capt. Bur-HAND-BOOK OF UNIVERSAL LITERATURE. By ANKH C: LTNCH BOTTA. 12mo. pp 567. DerbyU.Jackion.Ih >IHP...if*PlIt IiI!-11of ^ '••?a;abundant pasture. It is used in three forms, try, frequenting thelow,moist grounds, whereof V enice."A eecond volume o f " TheAu-'•:•ifThere is nothing that can bear th e name of domestic attachment. Husband, wife, take their seats in a circle, divided into knots o f and children have divided interests, a n d live to-4 '. >-bM Beply"k>tV^k written U> gfecierfanrmai attributesin Bishop o f Ai sharacter, wi. tvactingther>>r«ba>ly ano<- TOSt WOW tobU,'r—The nnm'|« ioEnglar.d tbh thatofCon?Jm ably lessened. f%fi% ekss tha fended, and attraeriou in«i Her Vis'tors." on tbe **;I«le o( eteha a pennant though too oft,M aeenrate reeea riedbykvrofthrough Em*!* n countiestogeth* hi?Knph'pbse. Berku, BocV*. a *awriptibnof*> thedefceotof?' sor." ThisTMrahed, jndicior; traditions, pop iI'-HaboundUeemhcentor' .—-Mr.W.m t acd a gentlet->J eearehe* in A d\ a periodical .w, ^ottndthe W Travel*, andbe published splendidly ili-i*MAll Rouno; tl GmVe and R e * eocfciining e x •otemporary teas" and snthlibrariiy.—The co?M pljyment hi to • t h e Indian r':nBUBT01T8 AFETCAK DISCOVERIES.TH« LAKE REGIONSOFClMTRAL AFRICA.. AFie- ri***•*ExrtoJu-rroy. ByRICHARDF.BCKTOH. 8YO.pp. 97a HupM fc BrotHer*.The jo»mey from Zanzibar t o the region o f thesimplydriedinthesun,withouttheprocessof cockingandsweating. Thepeoplearenotso fastidious as to reject the lower or coarser leaves,tlfm all, in the original size, where pofnible, and with themostcarefuDy-performed reduction,-wherethis wasinevitable. Itwasthendete-minedthatthecol- lection should not b o simply a selection o f the morestudy and labor, as well as the draft of the reoot were allbyoreindividual. Irememberacaeeinwhichthe personappointedbyourGovernmenttomakeanex-' tenaive scientific and economical report, left tbe labortrash, as buttermilk, or in the shape of curds. They consider cheese as something supernatural, and with power t o bewitch their /cattle. T h e fresh milk is not relished during the heat of the day, and.is thought to increase bile, and eventuallyvegetation i s plentiful.T o hunt this magnificentmountaineer and grisly bear hunter of California.Bonaparte;"t w oadditionalvolumeso fmaidsplaces butter is burned instead of oils in lamps.master are pawned or sold in the bazaar.SemeGeflchictte d e r Sklavoei.an agreeable narcotic, and followed by sound sleepandheavinessinthemorning,butleavingitsulti-pingbeforeeach Arabhousewhere beadsmaybecotton cloths, beads, and brass wire. The minor itemsforthenativepopulationareprints,colored cloths, Indian and Arabian, broadcloth, calicoes,Same. . •Analy»isoftho Cartoons of BaphaeL 12mo.pp.142. Charles-•*••>.—v*• ? •.-.<'^'-.*,->-ht;i-<•*#».».,-.m*iHi*f*fA's,,_4,--«,JVJJJT PJTBLIUAIIOm. fit of torpidity after t § ^ ^ ^ t e ^ ^ ^ ^ 0 ^ . U%h\ by a succession of smallwounds. The baited topassthe afternoon,ashedidtheforenoon,hi animalseldombreak*throughthecircleofhisasTobacco grows plentifully in th e fertile regions ting tbwaa, and the dfrficnlty of deciding itt mauy eases ports drawn np by Cbairmem of Committees, we <*« ofEastAfrica. Itisplanted attheendofthe Ofthetrueinterpretationoftherudelettersinwhich notinthehabitofmakingthemthebasisofaliterarymate effects in the shape of rheumatism, sore eyes, expected, and performing the most hideous con-B.Norton.The Ruined Gamester. B y George W. M. Reynolds. 0ro..ppplantain.The country abounds with honey. .Near the v2» Iages, log hives hang from every tall and shadystagger and a looseness of limb which add a pecu- drugs, and other luxuries. From Abyssinia to theNEW BOOKS IN GERMANY.Correspondence of The N. Y . Tribune.Arbiter.Prof. Pliicker is preparing a general theory o fouttoenjoythecoolofthesunset. Themensit outsidetheiwanza,whilethewomenandgirls, after bringing water for household wants from the well, collect in a group on their little stools, a n dchargingonemanjwhostepsaway,whileanother,withaloudscream,thruststhelongstiffspearintoits hind quarters, i t turns fiercely from the fugitiveto the fresh antagonist. Thus t h e battle rages, and those tainted by the earth. In some places i t important, but should embrace all that are known and almost entirely in tbe hands of assistants, and intendedMsobservations among thepeople ofEastern eailyinthemorning,oftenwithoutfood,.whichhas tondonotaffordmaterialsforanyflatteringpic- Africa. nowbecomescarce, andlabor till a little after tures.; Themain characteristicofthispeopleisToohtainthe"inscriptionsunderthearchesofthe usheredbytheservantintothelargeroom,without Theexcellentjudgment withwhichagreatmassof bridgeovertheTiber,ascaffoldingwaserected,forin beingmetandgreetedbyBunsenoraaymemberofhiaof the club—returning at sunset. After breakfast, the African repairs to a kind of public house called the iwanxa, of which there are two in every settle- ment, ooe for each sex. Here he spends the greater part o f Hie day, talking and laughing with hiscompanions,orperhapssmokinghimselfto sleep. At about 1 o'clock p. m. h e returns to h is hut to eat the principal meal of the day, which has beenpreparedbyhiswomen. Thechiefarticles ofdietarefishandflesh,grainandvegetable»,* with t h e addition o f such luxuries as milk a n d butter, honey, bananas and dates. H e finds an intoxicating beverage in Abeer made from millet, called pombe, toddy, and plantain wine. Fish is abundant in the lakes and in the numerous rivers, but although i t is prized by travelers, aud the poor, it is rejected by those who can afford to eat meat. Everything ia the shape of flesh is welcome tothe African taste; though, as a rule, beef is preferred, which strangers generally find flatulent and heat- ing. Grain is not a favorite article o f food, when thefleshoftamebeasts isat'hand. Nextto the bullock, the goat is m request; mutton is rejected;poultry and pigeons have only come into fashion oflate years, a n d there is still a prejudice agaiQ3fceggs. Of wild flesh, that o f the zebra is preferred.It is »moked or jerked, b u t still retains a mostsavory flavor. Some o f the antelopes are tenderaad succulent, but most of them are black, coarse,and indigestible.. The African i s a perfect cormo-rant in his appetite. Food is his thought b y day,andhisdreambynight. HiswholesoulseemstoMarriage with this people i s a mere matter of buy- ingaidselling. AmanmustmarrybecauseitisDuring t h e afternoon, they return to their work, andsometimes,when therainsarenear,theyare assisted by the women. Toward sunset, they a ll plod homeward in a body, laden with their imple-strength. Hence,hedoes,not recognizeeventhehandIthat feeds him. Hospitality, exceptforin- guagecancompare favorablywiththepreeontonefor notBOeaaytofindtheartist. Buthe,too,wasfouud—a claded,with another bowbe left the room,andtheprotects the entrance to their dwellings, to bask inthe morning beams. About 7 o'clock a . m. theflocks and herds are driven to pasture by the elderboys, with loud shout*, and vigorous applications dance together, and their style of saltation is re- or operate as a stimulus on his ingrained laziness.maidens to comeout of their hutsandenjoythe spectacle of a dance. The men and women seldom"euta'presentofbeads. Butnpt even-theloveof gain can overawe the levity and laxity o f his mind,Theresult ismagnificent—96 folioplatee—thepagea Utile longer, but not quite so wide, as a page of THE TRIBUNE—contain all the known Laib inscriptions of the days of the Republic, preceded by 23 pages o f in- troductionandexplanationbeautifullyprintedonthe game folio size.beastmoment. H e fortifies himself with charms pre- scribed by the medicine man, who also trains him to the use of his weapons. The elephant-spear rerslavej that he is "an animal that eats as much, anddoee as little as possible," holds good in East Africa.Theee fragmente he has edited from mauuecripts, and the order in which they are arranged is uponis withthe Africana nenterpriseo fsolemn^m :*'?&, •••> ••;••.•: i. - . ^ v i.'.-'Ay.;.';' «i?w^gas |jgpP3P!| •;•• . ••:•;•..•'• .•• ••*•;•.•*• v-NEtoY0RK ftML* ^IWJINE, SAWEI>A«; OCTOBER 27^ffl€».1*chatting,playingtandamoiing.Everybodycomessailante. Withitsproverbialobstinacy,afterrains,andisharvestedinOctober.Usuallyitistheyarewritten.Henceitwasdecidedtolithographoreeientinoreputation,exceptwheretheprevisaaGreat Lake* in the eaatern part o f Central Africa,onwhichAdainterestingvolumeiafounded,was indulgeinthepleasuresofgossipandthepipe. untilSthoelephantlosingbothbreathandheart iskneadedintolittlecircularcakes,whichare a'cce'eeible.And,thirdly,eachgroupordivisionshould tousetheirobsexva'.ionsashisown. Inthisceae,commenced i n J u t e , 1857, and occupying abouttwentymonths,was completedby areturntotheoriginal starting point in March, 1859. Capt.As darkness comes on, the village doors a r e care- attempts to escape. Its enemies then renew their neatly packed in plaintain leaves for exportation. be given so fat as poeeible in chronological order. Thomas Ewing, then Secretary of the Interior, decidedfullyclosed,andaftermilkinghiscows,each. .efforts,andatlengththehugeprey,overcomeby 'Theotherarticlesexportedfromthecoastof ButherecameanotherdifnonJty.Eitp.chl,th»editor, infavoroftheassistants,andtooktheworkfromtfcs oou'd not visit all the places where the inscription* are hands of the principal and placed it for completion iapeasantretirestohishut,orspendstheevening p>inandthelossofbloodwhichflowsfromahun- Zanzibararebeeswaxandhoney,tortoiseshells, preserved,takinghislithographerwithhim,norcould theirt?.Howfarthisprincipleigtoapplyinsuchcases roundthe fire,with.his fdendsintheiwanza. dredgashes,isforcedtobitethedust. Thevic- ambergris,ghee,thesugarcane,thewildarrow- Komsnlawtables,preciousgems,orthowallofa a*thisofBui.eeo,maybeaquestion;buthereser-Burtonisanindefatigableexplorer;nodifficultiesnrepermittedtodaunthiacourage;hisspiritof Hehasnotyetlearnedtheartofmakingawick, torscelebratetheirtriumphwithsonganddance. root,gums,andfibroussubstances. Muchisto Pompeiianhoufeuponwhichsomeloverhad.scratched tainlytbebeliefthathfthasthuswroughtoperatesenterprise never flags; and with excellent scientific culture, great practical experience, and a ready command of the pen, he has produced a narrative of hi* adventures a n d discoveries, which entitle him to an eminent rank among the recent travelers iaAfrioa-WithoutattemptingtofollowVimthrough,the •complicateddetailsofhisperilousroute,wewillor o f filling a bit o f pottery with o iL When h e They Jthen cut out the tasks with small, shaTp axes, be hoped from t h e extension o f commerce with a verge in praise of bis mietrees, b e brought to Bonn, agiinst bis reputation.wants a light, h e ignites a stick o f a n oleaginous and devour t h e rich marrow o n t h e spot. T h e these fruitful regions. The merchant will greatly tree, which burns with a brilliant flame for a huntconcludes with a grand feast of fat aad gar- help the regeneration of the count*y by the im-there t o b e copied. They resorted t o a very simple I heard rather a n odd story of him the other day. ard ingenion8 plan. A sheet of soft, wet paper was As member of tbe Prussian Academy of Science, helaid over the inscription, and with a brush carefully has the right to lecture in the Universities, and this, it P'efsed into, the lines, where i t was allowed to dry. seems, h e int*nda doing in Bonn. H e has had s oInthismanneraperfectfao-eimilewasobtained,which practiceinthiskindofspeaking,andhasthereforequarter of an hour. He repairs to his hard couch about midnight, and sleeps without waking until dawn.OntheapproachofWinter,thoAfrican beginsbage,! and t h e hunters return home laden with provement o f her resources. In this way civiliza-ivoryj with ovals of hide for shields, a n d with fes- tion will gradually be introduced; new wants and toonsjofrawandodorousmeatspitteduponlong newinterestswillbecreated;domesticSlaverycould be rolled up and sent to Bonn. I n cases wherepaperwasnotasufficiently pliablematerial,sheetsofmetallicfoilwereused,towhichabackofwaxwasgiven, and then forwarded carefully packed ia cotton. hoore. At the>time appointed they appeared and werepoles.j. - Withregardtothesocialandmoralconditionofwillbeabolished,andAfricaraised toherappro- priateplaceamongthenationsoftheworld.placed a desk in a large room o f his house for the pots, pose. Notlongeincethreeorfouroftheprofess«ni herereceivedinvitationstoattendalectureathistThevillagesarepopulous;thehousesaresonoon,whentheyreturnhome,andfind&scanty undisguisedselfishness. Hehasnosenseofgrati- authoritiesinthehistoryofliteraturehavebeencm-'noessewasameredrawingtobeadmittedascopyfamily. Here they were left to wait until their pa- tience was nearly exhausted. A t last, enter Bua«eu. "VVi'.babowastoacompanyofstudents,hesteppedto hiedeekandbeganhislecture. Assoonasitwason.rneareachotherastofavorconstantsociability,and repast prepared bythewife or thefemaleslave.tude, but deems the reception of a favor the proof deneed within tie limits of a single volume, entitle for the li'bographer. Thus the materials for the workof t h e weakness o f h i s benefactor, and his ownthe occupants spend much time, i n chatting t o -gether,infrontofthe central square. They risewiththedawn from their couchesofcows'hide,and the hour before sunrise being the coldest partof the day, they usually kindle a fire, and seek the ments of cultivation, and singing a sort of African know!the name. H e is exceedingly improvident, of expree&ion. I t commences with a brief eseuy o n direction and supervision of the Professor. No varia- solaceoftheirpipes.' Assoonasthesunisfairly "SweetHome,"inasimpleandpleasingrecita- takingnothoughtforthemorrow,throughinvete- theclassificationoflanguages,andthenpro:eedsto tioninanyrespectwasaliowedfromthec>pies.Everyup,theyswarmforthfromtheredscree*which tive. Onbright,moon-lightevenings,afurious ratecarelessnessandstupidity,yetsogreedyof giveasuccinctandmethodicalaccountofthelitera- imperfectionofletter,cracksinthestone,bronze,ordrumming a n d a droning chorus summon t h e gain that he will not tell a traveler the road wifch- tures of the different nation?, from the ancient Hebrew plaeter, epota from rust or other caupe—all is given.thisworktoahighplaceamong similar compiUthns. weeelowlyamassed.Indeeditiscertain thatnomanualintheEuglishlan- Theright-manforeditorwasfound—Ritschl. Itwasfolk-ess of information, accuracy of statement, sound yonng man named Penning, who was engaged as Ion? terestjed motives, is a virtue of which he does not and instructive criticism, and clearness and propriety ago as 1851, and set to work under the immediateprofessors—to depart when they eaw fit'!The first vqlnme o f a new life of Michelangelo—«« he spells t h e name—by Hermann Grimm, eon of the bite Prof. Wilhelm, is out. I am not familiar enough with the subject to decide how much there ia new in U, but that it is very attractive I can tee'ify. The work seems to b e rather an attempt to picture the times inwhich the gr^at sculptor lived, with hisfigureaa a central point, than a laborious and minute history of the man. A rapid glance a t the history o f Florence, with its wars of noble houees, and the gradual ri»e o f the mercantile interest, until the traders were able t» crueh the eo-called noble born, is gi^en with great vividneee; faad we see, almoetas if epectators, how, with tbe increase of wealth ard refinement, a taste foetotherecentAmerican. Althoug1themostli^eraluse has necessarily been made of a great variety of sources, the volume shows no traces of an irregular, pitch- work character, but, a s agexeral rule, i s remarka- bleforits consifitencyandunityofstatement,as well as for the uniformity of its style. The compilerSeveralofthe larger inscriptions—someofthelaw character. - Though excellent timists, and not with- becomes a marketable commodity. H e r father and events on vbich there is a discrepancy among the tables, for iretanoe -occupy a double fotfo, while upon out a n ear for melody, they are content with the sells' ber for the highest price h e c a n get, extort- be&t anthorhies, usually following' the guidance o f other pages a great number of the smaller are given.markable for-its intense gravity. At no other timedoes the East African look so serious and so foil ofearnestpurpose. Theirmusic isof the humblest necessaryto his comfort, and hence thewoman haspursuedajudiciouscourseintherenderingofdutessimplestcombinationofsounds. Withnocreative ingfromthesuitorasmanycows,clothes,and standardworksintherespectivelanguagesofwhich Incaseofthebronzes,theyaregiveninbronzecolor, artawoke,andgreatsculptorsandpaintersappearupon musicaltaleDt,theytakethehighestdelightinhar- brassrwirebraceletsashecaaafford. Shethus theliteraturesarethesu^'ectsofdiscussion.In andthesunkenlettersareimitatedbyetchingthe theeage.Witbrealdramatrceffect,byandbyMichel forms a part o f the live Btock o f the buyer, who preparing t h e volume, t h e compiler h a s b a d etone away from them; in fact* they are n o t merely Angelo appears upon the scene; at first an insignificantmony.Thefishermanaccompanieshispaddle,the primaryreferencetoitsadaptatioo.asatext-book figure,butbecomingmoreandmoreimportant,until .whopas?aKtporterhispack,and'thehousewifehertask,with maysellher:ataprofit;or,ifshebetakenfrom imitated,butreproduced. Theobjectistogivethesong. Forlonghoursatnight,thepeasantswill himByanotherman,herecoverswhatwouldbe inschoolsandcolleges;butitmayalsoserve scholartheinscriptionstoetudyinhisownchamber, hefillsthesiage.Grimmba««notonlymadehimnelf her current price in the slave market. The benefit a valuable purpose a s a n occasional reading-book aiid as I examined them^ I felt convinced that this end ni8st er of tbe literature cf the times of which he writes, 'bitinaring repeating, with unwearied zest,the inclsBses.anditcannotfailtocomeintouseasaman iafullyattained. A buthasvieitedthesceneswhichhehasoccasiontode-samefewnotesandthesameunmeaningline.The tobederivedfromanumerousprogenyformsa nalofjefsrencebyintelligentreadersingeneral.Of Thecollectionisdividedintothreegroups:First, scribe,andhenceanuncommonvividnessinallhismupical instruments are all of foreign invention, strong inducement to marriage. Polygamy is un- course,manyopiniorsmuetheexpressedinsuchamiscel- the inscriptions and legends from gems, coins, ccc.; pictures.imported from Madagascar, and various other re- limited, and the chiefs pride~ themselves on the laneousworkthatwillnotmeet with.g«neralaccepta?ce; Secondly, Roman law tables; Thirdly, inscriptions-1 The book has a charm for the Eugliah reader,gions. The dram, is the greatest favorite with the number of their wives, which varies from twelve to positiveerrorsinfact«»ill inevi Abb creepi0tothe pages; upon s one—i. c, upon yv&ile, sarcophagi, buiidihgs, whcee mother tongue is English, in the uncouaciooflChril&3*.vio;C Englandote forth " Mist mstmctioa.co< tion, andether''SeifCuhnVe What to Leai few eelcter.?** of equil appi: howerer, I bid yon av< . first phi-;* 5 T'. a ifudert. I should fr*o,~>»!i t>.e few-ehii in, edge are >*i'r-yen •* an, i? toyen wan*. ar>s i or general ooi! our Quarterly tSan a treatise—A book i f tecte is n<>w Droutn—" LisciiptiuD ofths .bnihvinGrrienE nation. The tldnnngwhicL tl glish crown, w< MiddleAges, tin no ether pari cf mediaeval intact,tothepi thecountrynz Hapoleon is n<Theoldtowns thtrn,andeve formerly(*ince Th*iiawu)f3.<(notrpuhliahi3S are in man; c*e —afactthat fa pTeterved.—The gnp*n by scire poou te an nnplt:. a; giren to bx>k Cljffe," byMr sn abrupt, unc turne out teat *' thrown ovei John Ssnct *' ill,bntamere "TbeSk*Me21*. rV'eare;. Watts Paih'pjand. rac«t feigFires," by ther7b tuLdaor «/ SiK:Tb*glearnedcfthe mental obliqui ers- (especiaiii alreadywcrir*Letter*., aad tl fewyearv.iti thors'vrho raviff nl r«#earch opublished bn k suitBotmch in the reader roti mosttowl'yusSo much fc; .u onthe.pbAofi which mentid: whatshallbe sre pometinseaprkaifg—-V4-ri majw*^ofV*^ a cbpione ai^lTg_jr a I•'•: calflnbitkw "i di*>rrac«j» !.'••!Bat Wdi «h largvranot than id«i «* <*' available?> hi:? on th* \ li yet jrru^^retb janer and p*ii tobcK'k*, :i 'ecannotbeui< known of :"J pubKshers. 1* much roout <>t\e of th* ^< UOD8, perb jt pet"and pratwork, bort^ * has »»«.VMO;n theexv*v c-tI^et the t Csrppb-1; -ir • "So tmen wder an i;'*brink a b»i! i pnb!i*?h%!** Kb copyright afense to <i Justices \ol After "as eucha bill ISt-ate whU'h! press. Whs builtalai\« plorat iou f Buhlither vrlJ W « 7African. He ures it as the alarum of war, the promise o f mirth, and the cure o f disease. With- out drumming, his life would indeed be a blank.&c. Mr. Marquard of the University Library, to* adopiion of an English in preference to the so-consid-drinking bouts, and by an occasional hunt. F o r the former, the guests assemble at early dawn, andof the father.demuralittle,at-the assertion that "theinfluenceof Hobbee on philosophy i n England has be*n greater than that of Bacon," for although they both tended t othan all antiquity, and I must keep them to myself. The volume is to appear, I underetand, at new year.if thework wasatranslationfromourown tongue. Grimm is a devoted admirer of Emersor, and hasintoconcentriccircles,joinedtogetherbyabinding longerinastate ofnature,andfromtheirinter- of .the same material. I t is sometimes stained and course with strangers, have derived nothing b u tProf,Otto,7aimisbut«ywiththeprintingofVolume1L of his Juvenal, containing the commentary. H e popular style. The indications are that the"clasaisal"threeinundied. I t is no disgrace for an unmarried awrong figure will occur at a most provoking juncture;woman to become the mother o f a family, though but if it indicates intelligence, care, and impartiality io Whom I am indebted for the opportunity of examining ered -German claefeical style. Sharp, ghwt, pinnedafter jmarriage the wife IBheld to stricter account.the compilation, and gives a prevailingly correct and interesting account of the matter i n hand, it j&nst bethe work, has given me a quantity o f iDtereetingsentences; directnees of statement; now a fac% now anillustration, now a reflection; long, weary labyrinths Themonotonyoflifeisrelievedbyfrequent ofdoers,•andthochildrenbecomingtheproperty pronouncedadecidedsuccess. Forinstance,wemuet popejastnowLincolnisofmoreimportanceathome ofwordscarefullyavoided;sothatonefeelsalracstasDivorceiseasilyeffected byturning thewifeoutnoticesuponthesegronpsandeingleplatee;butIsup-Ritscbl gives ail hia labor, so that a price will be set spared no pains nor labor to make him and hia writingg the same conclusions the one could tcarcely boast of a by the Ac»demy barely tuflioient t o defray the cost: known in "Fatherland." The influence of Emerson threeorfour to facilitate thecirculation of the gether with hardly thesemblance of affection. prominentdifcipie whilethename oftheotherhas probablysome$25to$30ofourmoney. Toenumber ismarkeduponthe style of this work. Ihaveob-bowl. The cup-bearer passes round the assembly, When childhood is passed, the father and son be- become almost identified in England with scientific printed is not Isrge, and our libraries which wiohto served that in the popular writings of the dsy the G«r-takingcaretobeginwiththechiefsandelders, come'naturalenemies,afterthemannerofwild progress. Norisittruethat"thephilosophyof securethebeetprintedcopiesmustbeonthealert.Jacobi, Herder, Goethe, Schiller, a n d Sohelliog tlatwoare-tolook fortheimpression madebyis a.truncated cone, and those of average size con- vailed in the darkness of antiquity. At presonfc, it tionary, a*beir>gnow "oflittlevalae to the student of upon Beethoven, which is to^follow the Mozart,aud tain about a quart. This cup passes rapidly around is alnkost universal. In many parts of the country, laxgnsge;" but. would etomly battle in its bebalf as an nerhape be followed by a similar work upon Haydn. without heel-tapsi the topers stopping only now and the tribes are rather importers o f slaves, than e x iu^jep^nf able aid to every English scholar, i n spite o f Of hie great archaeological work, announced some yearsmansarerapidlyadoptingthestyleofEnglish1and American writers, to the great horror of the purints, whoEe lamentations over it are touching. B u t people cannot afford time now-a-days to wade through work** where a eingle sentence fills a page, and whose mean- ingis urlocked enly by the key of the l&i't word. Those who write for popular perueal must write in awho are also provided with larger vessels. T h edrinking-cup, which also serves as a traveling can-teen, is made generally by the women, of a kind ofgrass, or o f wild palm-leaf. T h e stalks a r e Splitand neatly twisted into a fine cord, which is rolled influence of the slave-trade. The tribes are no to the skepticism ofHume. It is in the writioga o f an extensive commentary, in press.beasts. ' . . / : ' , •{];•. ••••.'• ;. Th^i meral degradation ef-East Africa, accordingOf I*rofw Ritscbl's edition of Plautua, the third vol- ume, beginning with the Pcenulus, will soon be through the press.to Cajpt. Burton, i s due, i n a great degree, t o theProf. Heimeoeth has a new edition of iE£chylus, withoe swayed by his atornacb. The delight with whichhe watches the process of cooking amounts to ornamented with red and black dyes. Tho shape corruption. The origin of slavery in East A'rica is marily setaside tho good old quartos of Johnsms Dic- before b e begins his critical and biographical workstyle of fifty years ago will at length be as out of date here aa Johnsonirm.i.8 with us.—Js it literary news when one speaks o f a msoMne in a printing office ? If so, I wDl add that aa Ericsson air-motor has jnet been put in operation here lu Boatn. I met tbe machinist in the inn at which I am stopping. HebelongstoafirminMagdeburg,amemberofwhich w.aalonginNew-York,andnowkeepshimselfweHecstacy. One great inducement for him to travelis t o afford him*elf more meat than h e gets a thome. His fondcess for good living even some-times conquers Jbis habitual improvidence. H e then to talk, laugh, a n d take snuff, t o chew t o - .porters. Although they kidnap others, they will the learned labors o f Webster and Worceater. T h e eince, I hear nothing. ;preserve*»store ofhis favorite food byplacing bacco,andtoBmokebhang. This scene lastsfor not sell their fellows,except when convictedof volumeisdisfiguredbyseveraldistressingblundersof Prof. Schopen hasa newandcritical editionofi largelumpsofitonalittleplatformofgreen threeorfourhorns—infact,untiltheliquorisex- crime. Still,incaseofnecessity,amanwjllpart theproofreader,threeofwhichoccuronasingle Tacitus'sDialogusdeOratoribusinpress.reeds,andsmokingitbeforeaslowfire.WiththeJadditionofalittlesalt,thepro'iaionthuspreparedhausted, when the carousers stagger home to doze with [his parents, wives, and children, and wlea page, giving the "List o f Authoritlee:" Mullzr, for Prof. Schmidt is engaged upon a dncuaaioa of Pindar informed cf all our inventions and iapprovements. A sMiilltr; KcysonforKeyser;^andDaPontesforDa aspoeticartist.Ponte. Afanoffset.,ithasthemeritofafirstratein- dex,whichisamodelofcompletenessandaccuracy.quantity o f meat dried in the sun for use in travel- cated; but they do not drink with the men, keep- ventive to increase o f population and progress to- An attractive series of juvenile books, consisting of one years here, has in press the second part of Vol. I I patent in Germany. I asked if any change had beenboiled grains.and good water is scarce, the African severs one of the jugulars o f a bullock, a n d fastens upon i t like a leech. Some tribes churn t h e blood withmilk.The daily food o f the poorer classes i s maize, o r some inferior kind o f grain. In the interior, they are ignorant o f the simple art o f leavening bread by acidulated whey, sour bean-paste, and similar contrivances practiced elsewhere. They have n o t even learned to toast grain. Milk is universally' held in high esteem. Some live upon it almost exclusively during the rains, when the cattle findTheEastAfrican,whocanseldomaffordto tettineconfusion. Slavesaretheconstantobject hasbeenissuedinBostonbyJ.E.Tilton6cCo.They concladesthework. Itisamasterpieceoflearning, gratifyhistasteformeatbyslaughteringacowor offenjdandforay./Theprocessofkidnappingis exhibitgoodtasteintheircomposition, andanezcel- criticism,aadstyle.a goat, looks eagerly forward t o t h e e n d o f the ;an inveterate custom; the inhabitants o f the land l«:t moral tone, and, with their handsome exterior, Prof. Boeckiug, while continuing hia edition of TJJric rain8whenthegrassisin.afitconditionforfiring. have!thusbecomewolvestooneanother;their cannotfailtobecomefavoritesinthechildren's vonHutten'sworks,ispreparinganabstractoftheWhen meat cannot b e obtained,'throughtherestoftheday. InnoEuropeancoun- tryare so manydrunken menseen abroadasinthey-areallgone, hewill sellhimself without shame. Thepractice of slavery,beside demoral-soonasthenewscamethattheair-motorwasinsao- cesfcfoloperationinNewYork,thefirmimportedone asamodel,atdthenumber now in operation or or-will hutseveral days, affording a successionofdaintymealsonajourney. Theyalsopackupa EastAfrica. Womenalsofrequentlyappearintox- izingiandbrutalizingtherace,isaneffectualpre-Thatnobleveteran,Welcker,whocelebrated,lastyear, thefiftieth annivereary ofhia appointmentasregularProfeetor(atGiesaen).andwhohasbeenforty- deredisalreadythirty. PitythatEricssonhasnoing, which is. eaten as a relish with rice and other ng a private cup at home. ward' civilization, leading to border wars and ia - Wzmze <$* Walter's Stories, in three neat volumes, of his GHechische Gotterkhre, which, I underetand,made in the construction of the machine. Nothing but the introduction of a valve, to regulate the power, he said.'•LITERARY,*Aimed with bows and arrows, and with a kind of club, called knobkerry, the villagers then have a batlue o f small antelopes, hares, and birds. Dur- ingthehot season also,when4he watersdryup, they watch by night a t t h e tanks and pools, and thus secure the larger" kinds o f game. In many parts the huntsmen suspend b y a cord from the trees sharpened blocks of wood, which, loosened by the animal's foot, fall a n d cause a mortal wound. The elephant roams in herds throughout the coun-only ambition is to dispeople and destroy; and the library. R man civil law, for the use of both philologists and biow! thus dealt to a thinly populated country '» jurists.Spinoza exerted a powerfal influence on the mind o f Kant," the "criiical philosophy" being, to a wonder- fol extent, an original product, drawn from the author's ov?n mind, under the stimulus of an interne antagonismSpinoza on the German mind. Nor can w e s o sum- told me that probably two o r three years. will elapse—A few additional titles of books hitherto unmen- Btrikesattheveryrootofprogressandprosperity.•TheWarTiger,andTheWhiteElephant,by Ayoungphilologiet,Dr.AugustReifferscheid,hastioned,promisedfortbefurthcomingLondonseason,WILLIAM DALTON (l2mo. p p . 237, 374. W . A . just finished printing C Suetoni Tranquilli preeter may be gleaned from the publisher'! new announce- The slaves retain in thraldom thesavage traits Townsend&Co)arecapitalstoriesforyoungreaders, Cecsarumlibras reliquiae,ortheFragmentsof Saeton- ment,asMr.HepworthDixon'sbiographicalworkon which difctinguish both the people and animals of illnetrative of events in Oriental life. Famous Boys nins, excluding his well-known Lives of the CrcBars, the great '*Chancellor of Human Nature," whioh istheir! native lands. They a r e trapped, b u t n o t (12roo. "pp. 300), from-the same publisher*, is a series 8vo., Borne 300 pagee. The work has four diridious: to b e called " Personal History o f Francis Bason." tame<l;theybecomecaptives,butnotcivilized. ofbiographiesdescribingtheearlydaysofseveral Libride%irisillustriousreliquia,containingourprin-ThecompletionofMr.Maoknight's"HistoryoftheHowever trained, they mske the worst servants in men, whosenameshavesincebecomewidely celebrated. cipal sources for Roman literary history; PratormnLife and Times of Edward Burke," (of which volamestheworld. Aslavehousehold,isamodelofdis- TheAdventuresofJamesCapenAdams, byTHEO- reHquicc,^consisting ofnumerousandforthemostpart IardIIwerepublishedbyMeBers.Chapman&Hall,inconfpirt. They are ingenious in all sorts of per-versityarsdmischief,which,rightlydirected,would Lee&Co.),givesaDamueing account cftheperilous encyclopaedic work; andCceterorum Librorum re- make them invaluable. The old definition of a adventures and hair-breadth escapee of the famous liquia; and, finally, Qutcstioncs Suetoniana:.1858), and o f Mr. W . C . Haslett's " History o f theshoulders, and supported by an iron neck in a thick,wooden handle, the junction being secured by acylinderofrawhidefromacow'stail. Thehunt-ing party consists o f fifteen t o twenty persons,who, before going out o n t h e eventful excursion, half iiaked. Whatever clothes he obtains from his Tho Piinc« 8 Ball. A Brochure from B y E d -that theee fragments exhibit that writer in au entirely newlight. . /;tobeincapableoflearning. Hisfirstimpulse,like,BOORS RECEIVED.Tho War Tiger. By William Dalton., 12mo. pp. 835.Suetoniushashithertobeenknoxnmerelyasthebiographer of the Casars, his other Writings beingheldtohavebeenunimportant.Riifforscheid,afteran examination of all Latin and Greek writres. nowknown o f a later date than Suetonius, and after a nadditional and very extensive examination of the liter-ature of the middle ages, decides that h e (Suetonias)was one of the greatest encyclopaedists o f antiqoity;andthat,althoughwantingthephilosophicdepthof WilliamPiU,"LadyLlinover's"MemoirsaudDiarythat of the ass, is not to obey. He is bound to de-VV.A.Sam«.Tovro«*dk.Co. ceive^forbisforceisinfraud.Hestealsinstinct- TheWhiteEltphant.ByWilliamDalton.12mo.pp.374.Theively; like a magpie. T h e slave is almost always Famous Boya. 12mo. pp."2"9"6. T~he Samp, fHe pil-march through the village, each striking a n iron K: _ - - . - love o f debauchery. As regards the female slaves, The BlIu«e "Law Bof Co M.'ecticut. "E~rfHed by S . M. Smuoker, L Land the public hou-e i f the village is the common•brewery. The pr mcipal intoxicating beverage is thebeer without hops, called pombe. This is o f veryancient date. I t tastes somewhat like sour wort each step the dancer sways herself elephant-like modesty and decorum, and in grace and beauty.of the poorest description; butstrangers,whoatfirst dislike it exceedingly, soon become extrava-gantlyfondofit. Itismildinitsaction,forming isledbyafugle-womanontheright,whoholdsTh|e commerce ofEast Africa presents eomeTimes, lfttno. pp. 142. Tlie Same.Winnie and Walter: Or, Story Telling at ThankBgivin*. 18m o.hoewithalargestone,whichformsasonorousac- intheopinionofCapt.Burton,thelesssaidabout companiment to. the howls and trills of joy. A t them, the" better. Theyxare equally defioieot in12mo. pp. J>36. W . A Towns>nd &Co.The King of the MOTtains. From the French' of EdnaondAbout. By Mary L. Booth. 12mo. pp. 300. J . E. Tiltoxt&Co.. WinnieabdWalter'sEveningT*lk«withtheirFatheraboutOldrankswiththemintheinfluence whichhis worksex- "Frederick the Great," the finjt installment of Mr. erted upon literature down to the revival of letters.- Kinglake's "History of the Crimean War," the 2d HowfarReifferecheidhasestablishedhispositionsiaa volume ofLord Dundonald'8 "Autobiography ofa question for scholars. Seaman," and Leslie's " Sir Joshua Reynolds and hieAppendedtothisworkisafragmentcontaininga Cctemporaries." ,' '„from side to side, tossing'her head backward with a violence which threatens dislocation. The linepoints of interesttwohoesineach hand,but does notdrum,stop- mestics andpiece goods, plain andunbleached WinnieR»d Walter's Christmas StorieB. 18mo. pp.121 The174. T . B. Petorson «t Brothers.and other consequences of strong potations. When tortions, and grotesque maneuvers in imitation of cape,; iron ware, knives and needles, iron and cop- The Man with Five Wives. B y Alexander Duma*. 8 v o . T hthe actions o f various' animals. After the labors,Same.Rosmary; Or, Life and Death. B y ,J. Vincent Huntington.made thick with the sediment of grab, it is verynutritious.Aperniciousalcoholisextractedfromtheladiesaddressthemselvestotheirstrongbeer,the cocoa-tree; a n d a powerful wine from t h e and reappear in four' or five hours, with a tell-tale confined to the Arabs, is done in provisions, spices,liar charm t o their gesticulations. This merry- making is intended as a consolation for the penanceMozaioobique, the markets are supplied with Amer-ican unbleached shirting and sheeting. The beadMagnetism, founded upon the experiments of many BONN, Sept. 28, 1860." years.. '^Jthe only other wotk on the same eubjeot is the " Bib- nwhichthewifeoftheelephanthunterpeformsdur-. trade;isalmostentirelyintheharidBoftheBanyan tree. ; Bees also swarm in the jungles. Their pro- ing his absence. She is placed under the severestNotwithstandingthestressofpolitics,Idoubtnot THE TRIBUNE will be>blo to find place for a fowliter- ary notes upon what the. learned Professors here have been or are still doing, which I have been collecting duringafewweekspast.A most important work to the history- of the Latin language, just finished, but mot yet published—indeedduce is o f two kinds. One found in the forest and restriction. She must abstain from good food, capitalists.•. •.•••' .stored in gourds resembles European wasp-honey; handsome cloth, and fumigation. S h e must n o t Th6 most important article o f export from t h e it ismorethaahalffilledwithdirt.andbark,and leavethe.house,and ifthe hunt goeswrong,the Zanzibar Coast is copal, andfromtheinterior affordllitte wax; the liquid is thin and watery, blame is sure to fall on her long-suffering shouldors. ivory.; The minor items are hippopotamus teeth, and has a singularly unpleasant flavor. The better Meanwhile the.men, who ait least a r e as far gone rhinoceros horns, cattle, skins, hides and horcs,theGeneral Mathematical Theory o fvariety is thehive honey,whichisverygood,if astheirmates,runround a large drum,withthe cereals,timbers,andcowries. Cottonisindigenous Ihavenotyethapienedtoseeanyannouncementofit not kept too long, and supplies a yellow wax, which —is one with'tbin title:*The principal imports are do-per wires for ornaments, and in some regions, trinketsandammunition. Asmalltrade,chieflygait o f dancing bears, Violently beating i t with to the more fertile regions o f Eastern as well as ofsticksorfists,,withtheaccompanimentofarude WesternAfrica. SpecimensfromPortNataland rum Fid*m Exemplif Lithoyruphii Hi«epiratentanIda, Curavit.is used by the Arabs To mix with tallow in themanufacture of candles. Honey is the only sweet- guitar, while a shrill fife or goat's horn gives the from Angola promise, with judicious cultivation, toener i n t h e country, except in the maritime and finishing touch to the completeness o f the band.lake regions,where thesugarcanegrows.The natives chew it without knowing the art of extract-Pritcae Latinitatiu MonumrntaEpiarapfiieaad, Arehetyp^-Whenthoroughlydrenchedwithdrink,thehunt-that his works, the Hippolytus for instance, ajsl not soooolneMbetweenfriends,"thegreatglacierquarrel now in progress between Prof. Tyndale and Prof. David Forbes shows how " coolness breeds warmth" between rival savans. A s t h e first to draw atteadoo to the subject of glacier formation, with scientific e x - actitude, in his " Travels among the Alps," 1843, Prof. Forbesconsidershisclaimstohavebeenslightedaad ignored by Prof. Tyndale, whoae delightful book, " The Glaciers of the Alps," has imyarted the interests of personal adventure to the lees exciting topicsof geological and phyaloal disousaio/o, J)x, Forbea'arival in. finenesg, firmness, and weight, the medium- staple cottonofAmerica. OnthelinebetweenBonn. He seems to stand higher in.the estimation of lowers.—Reversing Hood's joke o f "Warmth broodingFrench Academy cherished the idea of publishing a com-pletecollectionofalltheLatininscriptionsknown,dat-ers set out early in the morning, carrying live Zanzibar and the Tanganyika Lake, the shrub ing ont of the classical period; but, with the secession the studies of others, whom he has employed to makeing the juice. Sugar attracts them like flies. brands of fire, which they apply to their mouthsto grows almost wild. Cotton flouriehoa luxuriantly of Villemain from the Ministry, the Idea was given up. re«8rckeB and extracts for bim—work for which as They clap their hands with delight at the taste; keep out the cold air. 'the great art of the ele- in the black earths rich with decayed vegetation, The Berlin Academy afterward took it up, and, under he paid he has net thought it worth while to givethey hoy i t for its weight o f ivory; and if a thim- phant hunters is to separate a tusker from the herd and on the red clays o f the coast negions, where the direction of Mommsen, Henten, and De lioasi, th e blefullofthepowderhappenstofallontheground, withoutexcitingsuspicion,andtoformacircle water[underliesthesurface. Thesealmostvirgin workhasbeenbegun,theabovenamedvolume,editedtheywilleatan0onceofearthratherthanlosea aroundthevictim. Thefirstspearisthrownby soilsarepeculiarlyfittedfofthedevelopmentofthe byRitechl,beingthefirstofthetonortwelveofcredit1Ifthis1Bso,itseemstooonfimacriUcisnt whichhasbeenmadeuponhiswritings,thatthey teem rather to be masses of materials than thoroughly ordered and digested wholes. I am not aware that any rule aa to the appropriation of/ the labor of others for which one pays, ia fused, jjj oassa of re-grain o f i tTfce East African invariably indulges in a long''!•the medicine man, whose example is followed by | plant/ and m sy be made to bear enormous the rest. The weapons are not poisoned, bat prove' I growths.which It is to consist. The idea of simply priuting theee inscriptions was soon given up, on acoount of the inevitable creeping i n of errors in reading and in act-Untitled DocumentDORE- H. HiTTEr-r; (12mo. pp. 378, Crosby, Nichols, hitherto unknown o r unrecognized fragments of aaCousin Harry, byMrs. Gray (12m. pp. 402. T. B . grounds which he has discussed in the Questioner. family papers of " The Courts and Cabinets of by a popular female author, founded on domestic life ia the first time, brought together a mass of fragments " Two Years in Switzerland," and a book enHo is always clumsy, dirty, and careless. He willneverlabor,exceptoncompulsion. Eventhein- Peterson&Brothers),isthereprintofanEnglishnovel Theeditor's:claim,tonoveltyare,thathehashere,for William IV. and Queen Victoria." Mies Bremer'stoproducefever. Curdedmilk,onthecontrary, 8emble8aboardingpike. Itisaboutsixfeetlong, ducementofastickcannotmakehimcontinuehis thatcountry,anddepictingaseriesofinterestingscenes whichheprovestobefromthepenofSuetonias,and "TheWesternPrairies,"fromtheHon.Grant-with a broad, tapering head cut away; at the eierinouB for any length of time. However well in a spirited narrative. he may begin, he soon tires of his task. He seemsis a special favorite on account of its cooling quali- ties audits adaptation to quench thirst; andthe peopleaccustomedtoitfrominfancyhaveforita great longing. Butter is made by filling a large gourdWithpartiallysourmilk;thisisshakento and fro; but the product is a thin, colorless, infe- rior article, which soon becomes rancid. In someproceed to sing and dance, to drink and drum, forInEastAfrica,everyman ishisownmaltster, aweektogether. Thewomen form inline,and fersalmostopenlyforthe means efgratifyinghisley^Berkeley. A reimpreseion of " Hogarth's Works," with, an essay on bia genius by James Hanway, ie probablyc"uetoMr.Sala'a6erieeofpapersonthetub- jfCt in The Comhi'tl Magazine. Th^re may also be lookedforinaeeparateform,a"LifeofWilliaei Cobbett,'' by bi3 son, John P . Cobbett, Lady-Cbafcer tr>na "Memoirs o f Admiral Gambier," a n d several minor works of travels, &c. O f books heretofore an- nounced, but ixo w definitely promised to be forthcom- ing?,themostimportant'areLordMahau's"LifeofD. 12mo. pp.2•isS5S. DuanloRobinson.The BedokhiB. By J. Fenimor* Corper. Illustrated 1 y Darley. Aristotle, and the moral greatness of Varrd, h e s ili/ of Mr. Deiauey," volumes Hid axd IVth of Carlyle'srpi,.. v.inMkfa R>II A iiiw>iiniM» /Win. ««Vanity Fair." tnimd C. Stedman. 12tmoo. pp. 63. Rudd~& Carlton.Wa-Wa-Wanda. A Legend of Old Orange. anda. A Legend of Old Oran;12mo. pp. 180. Thopp.127. TheSame.-(Hlntory o? Slavery in thcUnitwd- Statin). ByFrrtcerickKapD. 12mo. pp.51(5. L.Hsuoe',biographical sketch of Terence, with a commentary by Riteohl. ,.Reiffereoheid is preparng a short article for tho e Rhcinisches Museum, ia which he opposes s»me of the conclusions of Dr. Beck of Cambridge in his paper, 12mo.pp.522.D.&3.Sadlier&Co. • recentlypublishedintheTransactionsoftheAmerican Academy,upon apseudo-fragment of Petronius—Mr. Sterling, the author o f " Annals o f the Ar-tistsofSpain,"hasenrichedthe shortlist of Eughshworks on Bibliography, with a valuable monographon books rebating t o Proverbs, Emblems, Apophthegme, Epitaphs, and Ana, being a catalogue of tuoseinhisown collection. It is handsomely printed,inonevolume,octavo,andembellishedwithaviewofthe Library at Kier, his anceslral seat. Seventy-fivecopies only are printed, whioh is to be regretted asliograpkit of M. Duplessis (Paris, 1847), and in the divisionof Proverbs alone, Mr.Sterling^de- scribes with full titles and1 collations, one hund- red a n d fifteen books which had esoaped t h e r e - searches of M Duplessis.—A "Life of George Fox," the founder of the Qua- kers, i s announced by Messrs. ^Saunders cc Otley. I t h stated to b e "from numerous original sourcei," a phrase that probably awakens more curioeity than it will gratify, as if will be surprising if unused material should at this time e f day turn up, after so much at- tention has been devoted to the subject by his fol-Prof. Beer is writing what may perhaps b e rightly<lenough translatedPhysics," and will soon send thefirstpart to press. The work is to be striotly mathematical, and is to com- prehend the theories of Elasticity, Capillary Attrac- tion, Heat7 Optics, Electrostatics,/ Magnetism, a n d Electrodynamics; whether other topicawalso I am. notinformed.So much for literacy news.Bunsen has left Heidelberg, and resides now inFredexlcus Ritscholiui.Many years ago, under theMinistry of Villemain, the the English and American public than here. It is saidmuch the products of his own learrnng and labor as ofRepublictobiography of Dr, Joseph Wolff;" a " Memoir ofJerome" Memoirs," by the Duke of Buckingham, from hie ^^&J•*k;v#g;:ii$&Thomas M. Tryniski 309 South 4th Street Fulton New York 13069www.fultonhistory.comfj*«a»v£!.!Sr«liieSi^ M i^ lg li^ a i^ ii^ ^ gM l«ytfaa^4i•.: ^M^k^tmU^,^ ^ %M 