 6NBW YORK HERALD, TUESttAY, APRIL IT, I860.-1bornandpwahiribirths.19ofdiseasesofthe tal.andofthevalueoftheirlittle wellto,whattheyoreobont,fortheymayde- aigaotureoftheGovernor. Thenewstatute forewatchearofoly hefirstiadk»uooiNEWYORKHEAALD.stomach,bowetoandotherdigestiveorgans,41of lata. Woh-B©w,too,tta*tl»Ma**tt^^ penduponitthottheireldonbscribershere limitscapitalpuniohmenttotreasonandmur-*^0*^^*^+f*jjkMaSSOOBDOBT BlIIITTi EDITOB AITD PROPRIETORornci *. w. cosmo ©* BASSAP AJTD SVMOB a ma il bytheir ond bopreparedta•t NopartydiffereacesorrecriauoAuamswhich ore distracting and dividing the able by death. It provides farther thot la cases shouldof murder, it oholl be the province of the excuse forthe bloodthirsty nropenalttsi ofeatkfeadwamn, Mamtgtmt bymallK4Ubeattke not received as imlmripttonPolitical Csrrap Uoa CitevaMe* Formey a a d t**4rrajra.fg DAILY TBMewr caw. «rBlS>J»«r «*»*—• XXVABTJaXMSirnBgSAlD^emttp*rron,K'S'L^?'—P070,000. We publish to-day a rery spicy letter from the Chevalier Wifcoff, apropos to his relationsOwsTsw«-Wa HOBS*.f A l X l C M fat** *J»LA0UA SAW*.Srea4way.-L>rs ros LOTI-orpnmoThe coal pedlers of this city held another meet-inglastnightat103Norfolkstreet,totakefurther triumphsintheapproachingpoliticalstruggle.BOWBBT THEATRE. fnaafvi. Tn±sa*T DI ran I n nn u n-BOBDV B.O0B— vestigation of the claims of the contestants for the ministering tbe government according to cer-THISBTBMUra.county jofl. The Board to adjourned until the firat Tuesday in May.known any Mtcrnudo" to produce a great good. It is destructive alike of friend and foe, justta the black republican idea will be, if that partyunknownhas salted down forBiirvir or ASBJIICAX JDAAMAT1C rim* AJMOUOOX. Afternoon—Eantrsux-Un AJT*Datn «fTKIATSX,THBA TBK, t t tmeasures for the continuance of their right to sell at retail. Nothing new had transpired since their tost meeting, and no busines of importance was transacted.The special Aldermanic Committee o n C o n . tested Seats held a meeting yesterday; and at the request of Alderman Russell's counsel they ad- journed for a week, without entering into the in-A just and strict analysis o f the black repub- lican party will show that itsleaders and apos- tles ore just a s repulsive as are their ideas, and the aims and objects that animate them. F o r many years o set of broken-down clergymen hove been advocating the fanatic idea of abo- litionism, and inculcating the necessity of ad-•"•• 107Committee on County Offices are to prepare esti-t opolitical atmea-Eighth Aldermanic district, which is the only one BBOUOHAMS THE ATOB, 444 Broedway.-Tna now disputed. Aldermen Cornell and Genet werethe members of the committee present.BASjrmPS AMBBIOAB OTUBUCTI. Owedwmy - D a y and At a meeting of the Board of Supervisors yester.•i— tat rnr CABAS BS luiAjr-JaA*is DBA**—LITI*U day,a report relative to the dilapidated condition Cvautisuf, A c.BIBLOt BALOOB, Broadway.-'Jso CBBUTT'I Bur referred. A communication from the Librarian of DASCSB, BvBuNm, Aa-Warrs.BLBBCXEB BCn.niWOft-ftrowOBTB'i UmaMU I * Bono*, DAXCU, Ac- I ' m t Firs* ftffil POMS.One of the most striking points of difference between the old and the new law is, that un- der tbe former the execution can not take place withinfour weeks, andnot more than eightHOPS OHAPBU 70) Broadway.-Oaa T oa THVKB'« Ex nsTiiUBtn-AUetooija aadKreulsg.OOLPBECX'B MOBIC HAIX, Bo. 7«a Broadway.- FirtaaoiaasorvuavuiuuOosoaatI'noa.BATIOMAL COMOBKt SAUK)*. • O I U M S M . * 0 .tions to have the estimates and specifications pre- been endeavoring to get up a " tornado in theparedfortheBoardattheirnextmeeting. political atmosphere," in hopes that it wouldThe Board of Councilmen yesterday appointed a bring them into the high places and fat volleys delegationtoattendtheNationalSanitaryConven. oftheland.Thereareagoodmanyshrewdliontobeheldin Boston,andappropriated $2,500 fellowsamongthemwhoseealreadythat,with to defray their expenses. The Finance Committeereported in favor of giving the Central Park Com" Sewaxd and his brutal and bloody Rochesterternoon, at bail-past one o'eiock, a ta by railroad, and at roar o'etocA, to go by steamboat.Hat BesorsAS tomo* or ma HDULD will b« pnbUahed %i tea e'etosk ta the morning SagI* ooptei, la wraj>rejection, and 91 against it, while the "Erie" reso- lution wasrejectedby an overwhelming majority— the vote being 42 in the affirmative and 125 in the negative. The Erie resolution is in favor of exclu-war only with three hundred thousand slave-holders of the South. But the vital interests ofthe eight or nine millions of white inhabitants for a moment that the Chevalier Forney used itin the Southern States are more closely bound all, or any considerable portion of it, to corruptup in the existing social organization there the free and independent electors of Pennsyl- tional correspondence connected with the than are those of the three hundred thousand vania, or to subsidize the immaculate press of Pryor and Potter difficulty, the aim of which rich planters and slaveholders. If the slaves that State. We believe that the Chevalier For- seems to be to enable the original aggressor to were taken from the latter they wpuld have some ney has still a little conscience left His Forresteapitalorpropertyleft Butthemanymillions escapademusthavegivenitaprettysevere trooneryhasbetrayedhim.Notwithstanding whoselaborsandwhoseincomedependupon shakingup,butevenpoliticianshavealittleof theeffortsmadebyhisfriendstocoverhis the existing order of production and exchange the still small voice. They are so tender inwould have nothing left, and terror and deso their susceptibilities that they very rarelyap-fact that after putting his quarrel with Mr.TRIPLEHERALD.othersubjectswereacted on,poneofthem,how- ever, of importance.whitesuponthealtaroftheirfanaticalondde- structive idea.fully outofthe canvass, andsnugly inthe breeches pockets of the distinguished gentle- men who are expected to disburse i ttitan tbat afforded by a duel withfirearms. With the latter he was confident of his superior skill and chances; of the weapons proposed by Mr. Potter he was less assured; and, therefore,tbe glory of having been the pioneers in New York of the most refined and elegant amuse- ment of the age ought to be a sufficient satis- faction to them.generalfevers,1ofdiseasesoftheurinaryergons, parrylaraisingthesamefanaticcryof"the willkeeptheirpocketstightbuttonedifthey derinthefirstdegree,andessentiallymodules 3unknown,and21fromviolentcauses.Theaa-lightsofaaan,"whichoncedelugedFrance11 •eoanyavidenceeofthedevilishiufluences thedefinitionofthecrimesatpreseatpnnbh-tivity table gives 110 natives of the United States, 06 of Ireland, 28 of Germany, 3 of Scotland, It of Eagland, and the balance of various foreign coun- tries.A special meeting of the Board of Supervisors was held yesterday. A communication waa re- ceived from the Mayor calling the attention of the Board to the unsafe condition of Harlem bridge. The Trustees of the Law Library applied far an appropriation of $10,000, to pay back rente. Theblood and forced the beautiful ltooomo Roland to exclaim on the scaffold, "Oh, Liberty, hew many Crimea are committed iiVthy •«*»••" • » * caused the entire French people to rejoice when the despotism o f Napoleon soved them from a coatiaaaace of the horrora ofbo tohopes matesandspecificationsfortbebuilding ofa new phere"of this country, butwe have neverpower which they hove not hitherto possessed, it enables them to render a verdict which is moderately sure to result in the punishment of the offender, fulfil the ends of justice, and carry out Qua sjlrit of the law.Undertie head ofmurderin thefirstde-gree, the new statute classifies all mur-ders which shall b e "perpetrated b y meansof poison, or by lying in wait, or byany other kind o f wilful, deliberate a n d pre-meditated killing, or which shall be committedin the perpetration or tbe attempt to perpe-trate any arson, rape, robbery or burglary, o rin any attempt to escape from Imprisonment;and a l l other kinds o f murder shall b e deemedtain moral abstractions and exaggerations. T h e defeat and breaking up of the old whig party let loose a crowd of desperate politicians, con- sisting of broken down lawyers, disappointed office seekers, bankrupt merchants, crock- brained socialists, hungry shoulder-hitters, and the rag-tag a n d bob-toil o f the whig primary elections. When the bank and tariff questions were decided, these political desperadoes, i n stress of an issue, took up the hugely moralOOOPBB rjTSTmrVB.—Btatamea or PIAU'S OaiciaAtriatu« oria*COSBTorDBAM—AfteraouaandKraals*. portonthesubjectwasre-committed,withdirec- clergymenuponit. Eversincethentheyhavemurder o f the second degree; and the jury b e -fore whom any person indicted for murder in professors, critics, and dUtttanii generally. |*stITAim MIKSTREXS •tar H*II, «n Broad Soaaa, Oxjiose, Aa —Taa StAAjrofHarlemBridge,andastatementthattheamount required to put it in repair would be from $700 to $1,000, was received from the Mayor, andThe Wikoffover and above definite, opens some new viewsos to the wonderful discoveries which have beenmade b y the Covode Committee. This inquisi-tionwasstartedbyForneyinordertoinjure,ifpossible, the character of the President It weeks from the time of the sentence; while in hasbeengoingonduringofortnightormore, thelatteritisprovidedthattheexecutionshall and the only piece of information obtained so not take place within twelve months from the for is, that during the Presidential canvass of date of sentence. This provision is one which 1656 the sum of seventy thousand dollars was may commend itself as affording an opportunity entrustedtoForney,tobeusedinbringingthe forthedevelopementoffactswhichmayhave people ofPennsylvaniatoarealizing senseof beenwithheld;andinsomecasesitmayinthis tbe greet principles of the democratic party. view be eminently proper, but we fear that iaOf this sum, thirty thousand were subscribed a majority of instances its effect will be to allowthe Law Institute, asking an appropriation of$10,000 to pay back rents, was referred to theFinanceCommittee.Theplanandestimatesforthe idea of the rights of. the nigger, and new county jail were discussed, and finally the re- coalesced with the fanatical broken downTRIPLE SHEET. misaionera $250,000, instead of$333,000, as asked for platform, they are in the same dilemma withby the merchants and bankers of New York,a delay to the criminal which will render hisescape almost a certainty. Altogether, tbe billis a thousand times more preferable than th*measure for which it was substituted, which sonearly approximated to a total abolition ofcapitalpunishment,thatitwould,intime,havethrownuponthecommunityaclouofblood-stained and bloodthirsty individuals who, in theordinarycourseofevents,oughttomeetlackpowerondvolumeofvoice.Inthen their deserts in the noose of a hempen halter.Htm YorA, T ucMtr , April 17, IS00.MAILS FOR EUROPE.rate v«w York. Herald—Edltloa for Karwpe.Ibe Cuaard mail steamship NiigAra, Qaptata Anderson, will Bare Boetea on Wedae*4ay for Liverpool.twenty thousand came from Boston, and twenty The natural result of such a condition of thousand from Philadelphia. According to theby tbe Commissioners, and the report was accepted- No other business of general interest wastrans acted.The debate on the slavery question was resumedyesterday, in the Methodist Conference, now hold-the man who drew the elephant in the raffle.ingitsannualsessioninStPaul'schurch.Speeches intheSouth,againstthedestructive "tornado"the "Trovatore." If she succeeds in (hot school,shewillbetbefirstAmericanprim* donna who has done s o . O u r singers usuallyand " conservative" wings of the body, resultingin the triumph of the lovers of the Union. The and, therefore, do they endeavor to raise thebut there are no vouchers to show for i t The question is, then, what has tbe Chevalier Forney done with that seventy thousand dollars ?TheEuropeanmailswillcrtaeiaUnacitythisaf- voteonMr.Ferris'substitutewas89infavorofitscryof"aristocracy,"'andproclaimthattheyi and adverUsemeaU for any edition of tbe ding all slaveholders from the church; while theHAW YOBSBS*AU>willbereceivedatthefallowingplacestaBnros«>-L e s s o a . . . Sampson Low, San A 0 0 , 4 7 Ladfato H11L lanstsg, Starr A Co., 74 King Wilnam atroetPASS.., „ . Lsaatnc, Baldwin * Co., 8 pice da la Bourse. I, Starr A Co., No. ilCbapal ttraot."~BTABaniaaareet,Baitiwmkdm.n• •DafBafiaaramaa ACQ. iat"substitute"prohibitstheholdingofslavesformer- cenary purposes. The special order for to-day is the election of nine delegates to the General Conference.At the meeting of the Board of Aldermen yester- day,areportinfavorofanadditionalappropria- tion of $3,500 for the improvement of Harlem river, waa adopted. The resolution from the Council-retrieve the degradation into which his pol-humiliation, there is no disguising the damningred a n d knowledge republican a tornadoblackthatpartythrough t h eW e o c - t h e block " sweep likerepublicanism.with thisc r ythe note of the very distinguished diplomat first mentioned, that he and the Chevalier For- ney have been for many yean brothers inthings is the rousing of every conservative interest and sentiment, in the North as well asevidence of Mr. George Plitt, it appears thot all this money was paid over to the Chevalier For- ney,who hasneveryetaccountedfora singleweremadebytheleadersofthe"progressive" ofblackrepublicanism. Itsleadersseethis, centofit Themoneyhasgonesomewhere,points Miss Kellogg is expected to come out stroBgly.Tbe ceremony attendant upon the dibud of tbe new prima donna and the general interest taken in the Opera just now, when we hove two first class companies in full awing, proves that the metropolis is progressing as rapidly in the developement of its musical taste as in its mate- rial prosperity. With o population two-thirds leu than thot of London, and one third ton than Paris, w e can still support t w o operas,As far aa the public are concerned, the OpenTheBoardofPoliceCommissionersmetyester- downbythehandofadestructivefanaticism him. Itisverywellknownthatafterthecam- inacontestwithknives,everyfrontiers- amongourpeoplethananywhereonelathe probable we shall nave to publish triple sheets day noon,all tbe members being present Bat without carrying down with them tbe interests paign of 1856, the Chevalier Forney's am- man knows to be untrue. A light, active world. Even now. we bring out singers betternerve and pluck, a decided advantage fords additional convenience to the public, in- that a certified copy of the new low should be read gogues may call this a "mercenary trading lier Wikoff, with a view of inducing over mere bulk. In pugilistic contests, for ex-Obtaining,ifpossible,oneormorefirstregularbusiness.AftertheBoardhodadjourned'chants,therewardofthefarmer,thereturnof lengthy,andis,ofcourse,ratherspicy.The ciaes paper mills, capable of turning out from one Mr. Bergen waa introduced to the several Captains capital, the education of our children, the sup- upshot was that Forney's designs were accom-able cowardice of his course, to take up thehundred to one hundred and fifty thousand sheets Ofpaperperdiem,inorderthatwemightensure atalltimesanadequatesupplyofthisindispensa- ble material, uniform in color, substance and tex- ture,andoffarsuperiormanufacture.Iftherebeany persons, therefore, who have mills for sale, they are requested to communicate with tbe pro- prietorofthispaper,transmittingallthenecessary information relative to the sine and capacity of their machinery, the number of sheets it can pro- duce per day, their terms of sale, and any other bets which it may be necessary to explain.Tat* BTcwa.n Congress, yesterday, the Senate resumed themetropolis regulates the trade, governs 1k» of the force and attaches of the headquarters. port of our churches, the happiness of the pre- plished, so far as the HERALD was concerned, quarrel again at the point where his refusal to finance, provides the literature, prints the newt- DeputySuperintendentCarpenterwill,inallpro* sentandtheprosperityoffuturegenerations. butMr.Buchanan,eventhen,leftpoorForney acceptMr.Potter'sconditionshadleftit He papers,paintsthepictures,setsQufashions,resolution, appropriating 150,000 far the entertain- "the mercenary trading spirit" is bringingmoney a t his disposal, and n o o n e t o call him nearly to acts of personal violence. Amongst to account for the manner in which it was dis-bursed.It seems very probable, from all the facts, ing of Mr. Pryor has elicited from the press ofbability, be elected General Superintendent Thesalesofcottonyesterdaywerelight,andconfined to about 400 a 600 bales, closing dm 1 on the basis ofThere is neither aristocracy nor democracy in out in the cold. Mr. Buchanan was proof even probably did not expect that the press ef his furnishes the acton, singers, parsons and teach-11SiC.a11>«c.lormiddlinguplands. FlourwasArm,stinctofself-preservationcommontoailclassesthough some leas active; the demand was fair, both fromtoe domestic aad export trade—the latter mostly for tbeBritishprovinces. Southernfloorwasfirm,andingoodof the community. When fanatics and old broken-down politicians unite, as they have,to formthepresentblackrepublicanparty,andConsideration of Mr. Brown's resolutions relativetoslaveryintheTerritories,Mr.Latham,ofCali-fornia, being the principal speaker. Mr. Brownurged a vote on the resolutions, but the Senatewouldnotagreetoit.Mr.Wilsonintroducedahill providing for tbe more effectual suppression ofthe African slave trade. The returns of the officersdespatched by the Harper's Ferry InvestigatingCommittee to arrest John Brown, Jr., and Frank I t s U n i v e r s a l l y D e s t r u c t i v e T e n - went about like a roaring lion, seeking whom good nature; but as there is no such thing as B. Sanborn, were presented. The Judiciary Com-mittee were instructed to inquire and report whatfurther proceedings are neceaaary to vindicate theauthority of the Senate and efiect the arrest of thewitnesses. The bill amending the patent lewswas taken up, and some amendments adopted,bat th e Senate adjourned without takingthe question on the bill. In the House, a reaolu-that Congress adjournfromFriday nextto the first to trace on idea through its logical analysis toofMay,inordertoenablememberstoattendthe Charleston Convention, waa discussed, and finally laid on the table. The proposition will, however,be resumed today, and will undoubtedly pass. A reportandbillprovidingforthesuppressionofthe coolie traffic in American vessels, waa presented and referred to the Committe on Commerce. The Senateitsultimateresults,andinhisfearlesshonesty, which impels him to acknowledge tbe destruc- tion which must attend its triumph.The rrioune writer persists in bis idea that partiesinthiscountryarerangingthemselves under "natural divisions;" and assures us tbatoffer some striking points of analogy to the present case.in the daily newspapers and b y large posters placarded in various parts of the city, announc- ing the subject of the discourse. To hear thesesteady, with sales of about 700 hhda, at prices given inabout on affiliation between "the sloveholdingbill providing mail facilities for Western Kansas and planting aristocracy of the South, and the demoniacal influences are at work. In the re- •too passed. A bill organising the Census Board moneyed aristocracy of the North;" thot in the cent angry discussions between the pastor and waa passed, and $48,000 were appropriated towards coining conflict "vast mosses of mankind will the trustees of his church, the cloven foot wasment of the Japanese embassy, waa adopted. AHenry Ward Beecher's congregation the sameNotwithstanding the strong and unequivocalsentiments of condemnation which the vapor- "lectures"' each adult was mulcted in the sumthat the money raised in 1856 from opulent paying the expenses of the various investigating show themselves earthy, sensual, devilish, when as plainly visible as if the scene were laid democrats-such men as Watts Sherman, Royalall parties, and some indignant evidences o f which we copy into our columns to-day, we fear that his being compelled to eat the leek will not put an extinguisher upon t h e trouble excited b y his contemptible hectoring. Pas- sions have been aroused in the course of thisof twenty-five cents, Federal currency. Large audiences w e n gathered i n the Cooper Insti- tute, and among the first lectures the ladtos composed a good part of the audience ; but the trick was soon discovered, when these paid speakers, instead of confining themselvn strictr ly to the subject announced, indulged them- Mlvn in the most radical republican stump speeches,boldlyadvocatingdoctrinessubvert- ing the Constitution and the disnmmberment of tbe Union. Thhi new code of political tactics has not met with genaral opirobatton with tin republicans, but has oaand a dissension i t their ranks ; the mow intelligent portion ad-committees.The newsCram the State capital this morning is nerve;" but that "the righto of the rate, Archbishop Hughes will have to be used in 1858 and 1859 with a view to breaksuch an all pervading spirit, but only the in-to the influences of Bennett and the HERALD. Thevenerablestatesmanattheheadofthe government was sound as a rock on this ques- tion, and would not have Forney at any price. TheHERALDwasmagnanimous; Mr.Buchananers,anddictatesthe politicsfortherepublic We have a great country at our back—over thirty-two, and soon to be fifty, millions of peo- ple pouring out their wealth a t our feet W e haveplentyofmoney—toomuch,perhaps.We make it and spend it faster then any otherdemand. Wheat wasingood milling andexportde-mand for the better qualities, while common insist, as they do, that the material and living just He knew Forney well. His further ope-grades of spring were dull; the sales included interests of millions of men must consent to rations, including his bolt from the democraticchoice Kentucky white at $1 72, white Western self destruction in order that an exaggerated party, are fresh in tbe public mind. Now, toat $1 60 (in store), Western red and Milwaukee clubat $1 42, and Chicago spring on private terms. Cornwas leas buoyant, with sales of some 38,000 bushels, a tprices given in another column. Pork waa firmer, espe-ciauy for prime, with sales of new mess, at $17 62X a $17 first French revolution, and which it neither lishment of his Press, and, finally, the destruc-76-, and new prime at $14 25 a 14 37%. Sugars were deeirta to see, and much less to feel, again. tion of the democratic party in the Centralliberally rewarded as in the city of New York.Tbia circumstance gives to the art student the counter in which he is himself the challenger, strongest of stimulants, and, as o natural conse-they would be lowering themselves to the de- quence, the highest point of perfection is at-graded level of this unhappy man. tained. As music seems now to be the art inMr. Pryor belongs to a eloss of publio nui- which our people have made the greatest pro-and impracticable idea shall be exalted, a blowis struck at the existence of society and govern-ment, which the world has once seen In the and the place in the Cabinet; next the estab-manner in which he has shirked oat of an en-This destructive blow is what the leaders of the States. I t is not impossible that he might hove Also Ooilee was quiet, while holders were firm. Freights black republican party wish to see struck at used some of the seventy thousand dollars to were steady, with a fair amount and oflering. Among the Union, the constitution, and the society of further his projects. How much did he giveanotherplace,whereastatementofstockswill beround.sanceswhichitisimportanttothedecentnameand credit of the country should be wiped oat York may one day give the low on thot sub- assoonaspossible. Thiscanonlybedoneby ject,aswellosagreatmanyothers.Mean- using against them all the technical advantageswhich the miscalled code of honor offers tothose whom they seek t o intimidate. L e t t h eprofessed duelist be taken b y the challenged TwawrT-FrvE CEST PATRIOTS.—During thetheengagement*toLiverpoolwere11,000bushelscom, thisconfederacy. theChevalierWikoffforhisinfluencewiththein bulk, at 6,«id., and 8,000 bushels wheat do., at 6,Hid., and 608 bales cotton, at 3-lUd. a 7 82d.HERALD? Did he, like the administration, pay THE DEVIL L \ THE CHUBCHKS.—In ancient Wikoff a "heavy salary for doing nothing?" Trie Black Republican Idea a a d P a r t y - and scriptural times we are told that Satan The HERALD recommended him out of purewhile let the two operas flourish, and award the new singer a kindly receptiontouched on the side of the pocket in Pandemonium. If things go on at this Phelps, S. F . Butterworth, and others—wasimportant The Governor has vetoed all the city man is the electric cry which has called in to exorcise the down the very adininittration which theysub- raflxoAd schemes, exeept the Ninth avenue grant toGeorgeLaw. TheAssemblyafterwardspassedthe shakenempires,andtoppleddownthrones;" religiousandbenevolent^cie^osTushtoI*****?J°PU*fat°°ffice' ff *• fa«TM. »*and under its banner a black repablican move- special province to do. Catholics and Irish- oaeofthe most curious chapters of political quarrel which, though the* chief acton havebib overtheGovernorsveto. TheftaflaeadTollbill,andtbebulrepealingtheactabolishingtollson mentisonfootwhichwill,ifitcon,"sweep mendon'tfearthedevil,forthesimplereason historyeveropened,andtheCovodeCom- playedouttheirparts,will,inallprobability, the Central Railroad, have been killed. A number like a tornado through the political atmos- that they are sound on the nigger question and mittee enght to have something handsome seek opportunities for indulgence. There of bflls were passed and others advanced in the phere."are true to the Federal constitution. done to them for discovering i t If it is not are many such men in Congress as Mr. Pryor, The Satanic contagion Is spreading so ra- true, if Forney has not used tbe money sub- in whose minds tbe responsibility of their posi- pidly thot there is reason to fear it will extend scribed by Wall street democrats to help the tions and the credit of the country are mat- to the dotting of an "i" and the crossing of a tone religious anniversaries. It has already opposition, let him come out with his vouchen, ten of less consideration than the gratificationpretiainary stage*, but we are compelled to refer to ear reports and despatches for details The Ijflsmliirt will probably not adjourn till the last Of the present week,previoaa, and «0 more than occurred conservative interests of the North and South societies will be left without funds to carry on •Ptciol attention of the New York Hotel clique the <x»respondin«week tost year. There- I far self-preservation; vast masses of tbe people their operations this year. Our rich mer- •nd the other parties concerned.Now, in the essence of these things, though net in the epithets which he applies, we agreejury to determine, according to t h e evi- dence of the case, whether the criminal shall be imprisoned for life, or pay the penalty ef bis crime upon the gallows. The latter is un- questionably a most salutary measure, forwith the Chevalier Forney. It appears, from while it invests juries with a discristinatingthese who owe their seats la the national Lark- latere toss to their IntoQeeteol thantotaW roistering and bullying qualities. If the loot ing men of the different orgonizauoai nte which the Congressional represenUtioa u split up would act from a sense of the doty woics they owe to themselves and to the couatry, and try and keep a check over the unruly spirita *• their ranks, the shame ond humiUotioa of suoki 0 a* ^would be spared us. WegreotiyfeUihowever, that no each patriotic inspiration a l l t*Jto«etr course, and that wo shall have uworst out their own care.THE OFEBA is NBWFOR THE BEAU MONDE.—Thegen of the Academy of hunk ore i rongemenhi for several brilliant eoteps, n o a n tof which ia indicated fat a circular, copies of which will be distributed today among fee stockholders o f the opera bouse, the maties!arms, b a t thatcause, Forney has displayed the basest ingrati- tude towards Wikoff, and evinces a very strong disposition to eot him up. Forney's latest sug- gestionrelative to Wikoff isthathehasbeen paid b y the administration a Urge salary for doing nothing, and that the Cevode Inves- tigating Committee ought to overhaul HiO Chevalier, and ascertain all about the facts in the cose. Wikoff replica that the Committee will not get anything out o f him, although h e knows a great deal about matters and things in general and Forney in particular. But the Chevalier Wikoff has an eye to business; he is going to print a book, and has no intention of giving Mr. John Covode o r his committee anyof t h e rich bits which his own use.h eeither degree shall b e tried, shall, if they find such person guilty thereof, find in their verdict whether it be under the first or second de- gree.>»document announces that the mangou aril have the honor to bringout,atanearly4AJ, a new prima donna, born under the beajfi and admirable government of the corpora tion of New York, and although of demav tic growth, believed to be os fine n oar imported, and superior to the average of the foreign article. In order that the publio gen- erallymaybeinformedasto themeritsof foe new singer, there will be a rehearsal of the op- era-"IIPoliu%>"~inwhichshewillmakeher d'but, said rehearsal to take place on Thursday morning next The debutante referred to is Miss Kellogg, a lady still in her teens. It is claimedthatshehasgreatnaturalmsaiealgiftsand alltheeducational requirementsfor distinguished success. Miss Kellogg has b e n prepared for the operatic stage under the tui- tion of Signor Muzio, one of the very best ef European masters, and therefore there can hardly b e a n y such thing a s a breakdewa. Miss Kellogg has studied several of tbe tragic operas, ond will sing chiefly la such works nlatterly,for somecorrespondence,althoughn o tWe do not suppose that any one will believereceives1 by auil and telegraph at men, appropriating $250,000 to the Central Park lation would sweep over them as it did over ply funds raised as bribes forvoters to any suchWardens was confirmed by the Board. Several "friends of the blacks" immolated their fellow en away to missionary societies, or kept care- placed his opponent on a fairer level with him the managers will win fame, if not fortune, andPotter to a mortal issue, he shrank from theweek and op to too bow of Commission was referred. The election of Fire these of S t Domingo, when the self-styled wicked purposes. The mosey is generally giv- alternative of a fight with weapons which clock speculating,« la Barnam. In any event,A writ of alternative mandamus was issued byJudge Bonny to Sheriff Kelly, to take AldermanRichard Barry into custody, in accordance with thesentence of the Court of Sessions, or show cause ern whites that the conservative feeling of theon Tuesday morning why he refuses to obey the central ond Northern States sympathises. It proceed to draw inferences from existing facts declined them. Tbe suggestion that size and furore is one of tbe leading events of the day. writ. is seen full clearly that they cannot be stricken as to his disposition of the funds entrusted to weight would give the preponderance to Potter Musical education ia more widely diffusedIt is with the preservation of the vital inte- rests of these eight or nine millions of South-Tbe preenre of news and advertisements upon Dor columns compels as, aa we foresaw yesterday, to iaaae a triple sheet of the HERALD again to-day;everydaytbiaweek. Thesuccessivepublication littlebusinessofimportancetranspired. Hugh alsoofmillionsintheNorthwholivebythe bitionwastoobtainaseatintheCabinet.He man thus armed, has, if he hasgotand such are the indications of a continued and in- ereaaaddemanduponoarapacethatittohighlyGillispee, of the old force, was re-instated and plough, loom and anvil. Fanatics ond dema- opened a correspondence with Of our journal in tbia enlarged form, while it af- several minor coses disposed of. It being requiredvolves the consumption of a vast amount of at the first meeting of the Board, and the Secre* spirit," and deride it; but it is a spirit that per- the latter to use his influence with the NEW ample, the most successful champions of the Paris with singing birds. W e are grow- paper. We must therefore again call atten- tary of State having failed to provide the some, vades alike the humblest home and the moat YOBX HERALD, SO that that journal might urge prize ring are men of medium proportions. ing apace. Every year the city be- tion to the act that we are desirous of the Board adjourned to Wednesday, at 12 o'clock* costly residence. Upon it depend the wages Forney's claims to the place of Postmaster It will not do for Mr. Pryor, after the world comes more and more powerful. Thewhen it is presumed they will proceed with the of labor, the profits of manufactures and mer- General. The correspondence wos quite has pronounced its verdict upon the unmistake- metropolis is above and before all. ThePresuming thot the Chevalier Forney is notan exception to the rule of bis class, we may like a gambler reduced to ploy with fair cards,put the matter logically, Forney has hod threespecial objects in view—one as to the HERALDseactes. he might devour. Since then he has assumed disinterestedness among such men as Forney, party, as is his right, out of the range of past winter this city has been visited by a num- Wegiveelsewhereto-dayanotherletterfrom maDyandcunninglycontriveddisguises. Some hemighthavepaid, orpromisedtopay,some weoponstowhichheis accustomed, andlet berof"distinguished''republicanorators,who the Tribune's Washington correspondence on times he takes the mask of amoral philosopher, immense sum for Bennett's good word.' L et the distance be such as will render escape from were invited hither by the representations and the true block republican idea. In these let- sometimes thot of o religious reformer, ond oc us know all about i t o fatal result impossible, and we will goaran inducements of a debating club in this city, ters the writer shows himself to be superior to casionally the surplice itself. In each and all Next we find Forney establishing a daily tee that in ninety-nine cases out of a hundred composed of young men, some of whom oreSeward,Spooner,Helperandalltheother hemanagestodoolargeamountofevil,dis- black republican advocates, both in his ability"t"withtheTribunecorrespondent'sdescrip-gotintotheTractSociety,andwillproboWy•ndsaywherethemoneyreallywentto.Inoftheirviolentandbrutalinstincts.Itwouldvocatingopendoontotatun,tolistentothetion of block republicanism and its workings. invade all the other misaionary associations. « u**?*1108 °f *ny inch evidence our inference not besurprising if, out of the miserable feud lucubrations of political stomp speakers ami of 10 aa compared with the mortality of It is bringing about an affiliation between the Should our fears turn out well founded, these is irresistible, and so w e commend it to the which has created inch indignant comment politicions. __^_according to the City iBspeetot's report, there 461 deaths in the dtydnrtng the part w«k, antable gives 2 deaths of diseases of the will move against it as soon as they feel thot its,Joints,4c.,84ofthebrainandnerves,17of inevitableresultsmustbethereductionofthe them, will neverconsent togivetheirmoney THE NBWLAWOBCAPITAL PIWUHIUNT.—.The bemodethetheatreofsucha scene, aadag- ancc was asexoeedtagiy goodone ass wasia»aliM.BtkOgenesatireorgans,15oftheheartandblood wagesoftheirlabor,ashasalreadybeenex- tobodiesamongstwhomthedevilhascontrived billamendatoryoftheexistinglawofCapital gravatethedisgracewhichthemisconductof witheathnsiassibyavarylargeaudience to»•, 169 of the lungs, throat, Ac, 6 of oid ago, i oftoeskin and eruptive fevers,4were recatted after each act, aad tea prttaa doaithese professional fire-eaten has already •ong better. Tbe -SonAambala," with Pattt, 111perienced by the shoemakers of Maaaacbusetta, to so* tbe MH-d* of disunion and treason. LetPunishment, which has been for several wmksbefore the State Legislature, has finally p**sed bothbranchesofthatbody,andreceivedtheIallgoodandtruemenend the destruction of their hardly aaved cap!brought upon us in the eyes of tbe world. Letand Asassw, wtil be given on Wednesday. far i * n ._n*»M»MhitInntM-mmP»»Hchants, who ore such liberal contributors tothe hails of the national Legislature shouldAdensa Pan, Sa*°ri Brignoh aad Font t o *Untthe managers of these societies, therefore, lookThomas M. Tryniski 309 South 4th Street Fulton New York 13069itled Documentthe Cheva-than the average Europeans, and the time may come when New York will be a musical u well aa a financial centre, and supply London andhewillslinkoutofthequarrellikeawhipped yetintheirminority,andknownastheYoung tracting men's minds by false theories, and scale, and organizing bolts from the adminis- cur, as this man Pryor has done. 'The corres- Men's Central Republican Union, to deliver leading them into the path of error. Latterly tration platform in New York and Philadel- pondence in this quarrel will prove a valuable •'lectures*' on the general topics of the day.hehasgotintotheProtestantchurches;and phia. ThePress hassunkagooddealof guideforthefutureconductofthosewhomay Amongthespeakerswehovealludedtowere, after dividing the general bodies of the differ- money, and there have been lavish expendi- be forced into a difficulty with these profes- Wendell Phillips, John Sherman, Cusius M. ent sects, is now setting the local congregations tures by the Forney clique on other accounts. sional Bobadils. A s a useful pendant to it, we Clay, Abram Lincoln and others, all famous by the ears. We have seen the pranks that he Altogether the Chevalier must hove had a republish the letters exchanged in tbe Ashmore for their abolition and disunion proclivities. hasplajedamongsttheCheeverites,breaking rathergoodtimeofit,witharoundsumof andMaxwellaffairwhich,itwillberecollected, These-lectures*"wereextensivelyadvertised them up into stormy parties, and leading themnewspaper in Philadelphia, on an extravagantOar Bullies l a Congresa.In another column will b e found some addi-ownpartywouldbesounanimousinitscon-demnation of his conduct, and now thot he isdisgracedintheeyesofallbravemen,thereisno doubt he would be glad to replace himselfagainin theposition,equivocalasitwas,thathe occupied previous to this difficulty. Nosuch chance, however, can be afforded to the nation on the face of the earth. Nowhere ii professional bully. If Mr. Potter or any of his talent of any sort so quickly recognised and friends were to meet him after the cowardlythroughout the country, some bloody dramaACJADBMT •» MOO*.-"L*0» « 1were yet to bo the result We tremble lest Uat night with the fanner distribution, whichand perhaps make the eternal fortunes ef the managers, unless they go into kite-fiying andgress, it l i not improper to assume that New www.fultonhistory.cominhnthhr.ncan f>i»?sa 