 Wl4» 136(C»......J....H.C.CAJWBIKX.•'.''•... /. i'..'•;?. .„BKR>'AKI> AHTBKZEIH.1,600 bush;'Oats, 1,000 bu»h. Barjey.V ^SJfan^Xndft,,. and of xh* appointinent of ^Jagmeer biH include* in Its Tbenefits all preemptors how Msrftn in connection with the decision ox the contracts •oh the pnblic land;' the Senate bOl excludes them, but allows them two years to buy their lands, atSecretaryofStateAuditor.*...................Treaturer^.Superintendent of Public Instruction..Dr. ROB.V r ^ J r - , . . • ?<J- I..U. MORRISON/ ' •x^ector* ar Large.,....-.,............ ^w > g^ CCSUJSAX.IE.Dills failed towas antiei- held out and or give their •ady to. yieldd have been evinced toTHE BIBLE IN PUBLIC. Mr.J*ft-. . Markets.BALTIMORB, Jnne 14.-FLOUK fl^t ^dateady. WHHAT thatthemurderwascommittedwithout a doubt,andfiled.a 14,:ieo0. yagnea beyond avoidable-, the.the public be PrwudeuSw first annua*/«t an oppovf- Accorulnyjr to uskm w4a b#amtears per,dirig»''tion*. in the . m^oriry of three votes; :aring«p0»* t&e precincts theeostsetr entered in**throughout the urns** A&««^adyat $1 3Co>$l 36 for Red, and te^^WjoiVrbg*. Con/active and buoyant; Yellow. 71®74c.; White,74^0. Fnovisiouafirm; MeisTork. $18 50; Rump, $14. LAHP,J3» 13c:, in barrelB and kegn WniaKT steady. • ^ • W i l i J ftfthateverywordutteredwas truth.It must not be understood from a paragraph in our paper of Wednesday that we question either the right or the propriety of the publishers of weekly papers to decline supplying any news dealer with their publica- tions, for reasons Which they may consider good. Any Controversy that may exist between the publish- ers of weekly papers and news dealers is their affair, not ours. We make this statement because the infer- encehasbeendrawnthatwefavoredoneoftheparties.depredation had taken the place of manhood, and pure and enlightened Christianity. . 4 .[]The Rev. Mr. WALSH then addressed the meeting. He asserted that this country had become what it was by the use of the Bible, and the influence of its, teach- ings. He referred to tbe uee of the Bible wherever itwas allowed to be circulated. .In reference to Sahjbath-.baa not been able to find a sufficient quantity «? piety, atide from persons already employed 3a leading news- papers, to justify the establishment of the pro£ 'new journal. It will, therefore, be a wast* oJ^t for any one to applj to him for a place in its oteffit^Baltimore'.HUGH MABEB.STATE vs. CITY-MADE LA ND8.H^icytoVpar. <^n this cap&aj th* direct w*dbytfco;0 Mr.tad*to' tollow. Baltimore from «*ileadermtho •actor enough to »n thatiiocfion. *trd to per^>na orattend,beingmal case in lift* by illncuM, 'aid at thetheConventioniproiniae, £otba t h e y a e p a ^ e iwith the reepoa-*n not eoni&ua. sill b*> mad4foc r *-•* other seced- ed. ' „ \#4 asalmodlin- by the Southern *«ubly preja&ae 'tween M&spr*. w<i as the toOst la* down at the!have been toafcof Peaasytva- c a pitai thronghlr united infiu- m cither branch t u a sham, and initiorsiaad tbat ***, with a fewany modifica- ill oppose Mr. Mr. Biglerwaasr^ust attachingJr.. • ' '1 Black are ex- appointment tonieT* vacancy. strict, and the liready on the>u: will not ope- cmiaesio confer »»**d an aaxiou* iv Mneedy, and* resolution to at Mr: Hale's l i t , which will oase should eon- >n expressed the majority did not *nrm which the h* Tariff; thefewn doomed, u!d save either, adjournment '4ns, with the fttate of bTtn*;nmmberiag added to the• ready to ad- raaay years ars have notfirst time that for advanced te have been . Heretofore hours of the voted by col-it theknowl- interested.I Bext se%no9, »ow presented fa the House, tfuesiiou. Anstood resty to :•*• .•-•'>tliin mom- r«^port,. which, j He makes ' »-r submitted'; concise but \ti>:»& be said presented toiPTJONS. II trimony to-day,to consider the Davidson, late Illinois, filed &to him, wab-e**rs» Lincolnadmitted, thatmost aceepta-had leas power^.-.»'XXXVITHCONGRESS. FIRST SJBSSIOK.Resolutionsindorsingtheactionof theIllinoisdele-ther-a•fcllMSl I15=235a s stfi^H»ni>w-iiivin -"in •m i•«PSSV,w^l*m*tiqllM*4f0blf#imMi#t*>*TM*•aartfc.lv;Aasm,.*'•'Wksm— properfy*"^SM iMIIn'l HI "ft. csdPeralexaimnation of the evidence, a correction of•be House and Senate hills, _IXhey differed, he said, in;,XTThe Spring races commenced yesterday with three adjoX>aw«sCampbell,Man.ton,MoKnlght,»nd Strattoo. Representative Con»h^, v?ho hacT been ifi\ appearedJtntheHouse-to-day.' -•* ItshouldhavebeenstatedyesterdaythatMr.^rjtwvoted for the resohitioss condemnatoryof tbelave yak sxsntxaet,withtheSwiftd'wtribotiooofpa^onage,thecyof;-the.Government as to compulsory land Bales. First, as to persons: TheHouse bill includes all citizens• • •• •• SS3SNATE...-WA»HXSO,TOSVJune 14.I860.Several petitioiM and reports were presented.The bill to settle private land chums in California are only those remaining after a public land sale, andiprastakenup,and.theamendmentoftheHouse thespeculatorshavehadtheirpick;land-warrant 'agreed to. speculators, after a land sale, could acquire a titleful acknowledgments of this House for the valuablepresent; and that the books be deposited in the Li-. amended by the addition of a proviso that this shall notbe done unless, in the opinion of the President, the exigencies of the service require it.fell at about 10 o'clock this morning. The following Eersons were injured: Mr. Walisot Clyde, Ohio, leg roken, his wife was also badly bruised; Mr. Arms and sister of Tiffin, Ohio, badly bruised about the headaccounts, are as follows: A man named Henry Har- rington, an old resident of Beekman, Dutchess County, Las for some time past been fast decfining by consump-Robinson also scored in good style. The fielding of the Newark eleven was not up to the mark, except that of Kidd and Warner. Pennington and Williams, how- ever, fielded well; but Hatteraly long-stopped'very poorly in compariEon to what he generally does; The bowling was excellent, especially that of Hallis andas soon as they leave here. Tbe warriors wilirmake another excursion against the Utes soon. In thO^ato encounter the Tites took seven Arapahoe scalpsC*Provisions are fallirg here daily, and trade r&lfeat line, especially in flour, is rather precarious. Provi- sion trains are beginning to arrive from New-Jttaxico. American flour is down to 16 cents per lb., but will hardly be less than 14 any time this season.l&."PETTrr (Rep., Ind.), from the same Commit-tee, reported a bill appropriating $60,000 to completethe publication of Wilkes's Exploring Expedition; feel impelled by motives of humanity to convene the $284,000 have already been expended on the work,•which consists of thirty-eight volumes, six of whichBrevet to be published. Referred.and chest; Mr. Taylor of Tiffin, Ohio, arm broken; tion, and on Monday night breathed his last. BeforeThe House went into Committee of the Whole on the State of the Union.Mr. HASKIN (A. L. Dem., N. Y.) called UP the joint resolutions to reduce tbe price of printing 40 per cent, to take effect from the passage.Mr.HOUSTON (Ad.Dem., Ala.)proposedanaddi- tional section, that, after the present session, the print- ing of Congress and the Executive Department be f^ven out by contract to the lowest responsible bidderortwoyears. ,, ~\ , ' Mr. HASKIN could not accept the amendment, be- cause it proposed to establish a system which hasfailed. a , ". • The resolution was passed/ •Mr. CURTIS (Rep., Iowa), from the Select Pacific Xtoiiroad Committee, said it would be recollected when the biU was before the House, objections were raisedas to the security of the proposed grant, bat these had .been remedied uj&animoualy by the Committee, who bad also added tbe Southern to the Central route; As the seeeton was drawing to a close, and there was, therefore, no time for its considtration, and in'order"to afford an opportunity for the further examination bythe pre** and Congress, he offered a reaolntion that the subject be postponed till the third Tuesday in De- cember .This was adopted. . [ . • rt(VS The proposition of Mr. Cnrtis to print 50,000 Copies of the billand report of the Committee, for thedie of members of the House, was referred to the Committee on Printing. ^.^rr« ,* rMr. SMITH (Dem., Ya.), and Mr. DA VIS {A. L. T>em., Ind.), and others, wanted to have the amend- ments printed, bat were not gratified.Mr. CURTIS objected, saying that if all the amend- ments were • printed, the subject would be infused, nnd a large volume the consequence. •Mr. SMITH replied that Mr. Curtis had no bowels of affection, save for his own offspring. ' .Mr. CURTIS—-It is the offering of the Committee I fIMrC. YALLANDIGHAM {Dem., p.), from the Select Committee to which was referred the Senate bill to abolish tbe franking privilege, reported it with the recommendation that it do not^paes.The consideration of the bill was then postponed un- til the fourth Tuesday in December.Mr. STRATTON (Rep., N. J.), fromt the Committee onElections,made areportmtheKentuckycontested election case, giving the seat to the sitting member, Mr. Anderson. He gave noticethat hewouldcallupthe aubiect to-morrow. ^ . ,The House then actfd on tbe Senate's amendments to the Indian Appropriation bifl. . ." The Senate resolution extending the session till the 25th, was received. . 'On motion of Mr. SHERMAN {Rep-, O.), it was referred to the Committee on Ways and Means.Several gentlemen wanted immediate concurrence i n i t . .Mr. BARKSDALE {Dem., Miss.) was satisfied that Congresscouldgetthrough allthe businessthatought to be transactedby Monday.. Mr. SHERMAN (Rep., Ohio) saidthis could be done if Congress-strictly confines "itself to public business. If it should be ascertained on Saturday that a further extensionofthesessionisnecessary,hewouldsorecommend.Mr. COLF AX (Eep., Ind.), from the Second Con-The Boston Bank Statement.BOSTON, Thursday, June 14,1860. Some portion of our weekly bank statement was incorrectly transmitted by the telegraph on Tuesday evening. The specie on hand should have been $6,300,700, and the circulation $7,090,600. The faultrests entirely upon the line.National Temperance Convention.PoitTLANn, Me., Thursday, June 14, 1860. The National Temperance Convention closed its session to-day and left on an excursion to the WhiteMountains.Sailing of the Niagara for Boston.HALIFAX; Thursday, June 14,1860. The steamship Niagara left, here for Boston at 8 o'clock last night, where she is due at a very earlyhour to-morrow (Friday) morning. ..' <» .The Case of Carstang vs. Shaw.. S T . LOUIS, Thuttdav, June 14,1860. Judge Beber, in the Court of- Common. Pleas, this afternoon overruled the motion for a new trial of theRA TZAND BEACH'SNA TIONALQrxHA^njv^—Tb^ferenre Committee on the Homestead bill, reportedthat they were unable to agree, and, in moving that offered for eale brought extraordinarily high prices.the House adhere to the House biH, gave a synopsis of...'•' >".'}» do. PmisjQim, w do. Whi>gey, jos do. Ai£*. • ^*^»Government.lai»d,the*descriptionof. land,broughtTheDemocraticStateConvcnti6n,":foTthenomina-OflWBOO,June14.—Fionadull,Jmttmebangod..WHKATdull''events,asasortiof|preliminaryto;theracingofthe comingweek. The dayjwas•:'.i&e', *ucl would:have tempted abroad, on a visit to the course, al a^ throng,the Government prke; under the Senate bill preemp- torshowontheland cannot take the quarter-sectionTo ihejS&itor of The N. Y. Tribune •SIR::The argument astothelegaltiQeof—I"Ii.*_••all mistake* on either side, andstriking otrt theillegJ. T oteswhich the Committee sswrr ofeachpuny,Mr.Anderson'smajorityu»*Sfe' Tfte report i» roueurr^in by Messrs. ttihner, withm the purview of the law, the price, and the poli- tion of State officers and Presidential electors, met at ond earfer; galea -<>f 4.2W trtuih. Chicago Spring No. 2 at $113^mnnpnralWAd in the hl*tory ansUfledteMbemmNEW-Y•. ' ..GoRjfduti, aoilitfld^ra l*Mfive prominent features—as regards the persoc* who; Illinois Democratic State Convcn- eJTOOlniBE. Western xxrixed at 65te., and some car lots at whs Iare to bathe beneficiaries^ the preemptors how on the:,, v CHICAGO, Thursday, June 14,1860.East Albany Kailroad depot,:, at 64c.' 0t21Jc .'•- .-•.';:..!. .->•TheCOKNmarketopenedQrm,butclosedquietandlower;.a«le8 Springfield yesterday. The Convention was large and last mght of7 200 buah. Western mixed at 59c. OATS. BAR£KT, harmonious. Every county but Calhoun was repre- and RYK qtdot. CANAI-FRKIOUTS Unchanged, at 26c;on Flour."•-J.r FI$E8^ over21yearsold,andallwhohavedeclaredtheir sented. Thefollowingnominationsweremade:r^j, 7conWheat,and'6}c.onCorntoNew-York LAKKIMPORTS^ hadtheraceBandthehorsesoffered,fromin^reiptrta- DESTRUCTIVEFTREWWJST FOHTT-SE#intentions;theSenatebillexcludesallbutheadsof families, cuttingoff young men over 21, a large and valuableportionofour-population. Second,theHouseGoi*rrM>r-..i..;....^;,........V....;;.JAKRBC.AM.BN.^.••-:; lLieutenant-Governor,.,......,:.......TALvrwClUss.^.-"•••;; -400bhls;Flour,15,600Bush."Wheat,44.600buBb.Corn. CAWAt. Exri0KTH~450 bbls. Flour, 6,200 busk; Wheat, 18^500 bush. Com,unfbitunatery, unknpTOtofameexceptSlasher,'and-'|tti^i.a#|a;:-ex-' :.pectecL;, '••'-•:•. . '":' ;;:/- •'j[.fii''1.'-At the hour of 2 o'clock; a thousand people hjeidmet. For the number^ a large array of carriages dc|t0d the course,andladiesinnotablegroupsgraced the; wuise...ONI>.STREET..,-•:/•.. ':W$ SIX HOUSES niSTROrXD-^rHIRTEEir HORSE* S17RKEn>-.•TODEATH. ';^At 10 o'clock last night a fire broke out ty&*J**8*fr*me stable, No. 181 West Forty-second atroet. ©~w*»eaand occupied by John Fitipatriclt; and before thaalarm coedd bo grvec the entire buildli^waem^aMtfBUTbe JSamee^spreadwith greatr*V*&tf tmw&mwb they are on, hut must abandon or pay for it. Tbird, gates to the Charleston Conventi6n,'and repeatihg the City to the made lands has been sufficiently ventil- and sport with their presence. Everything was or- commuaicaticg' first to the two*otory frame dwe"*" 'ihe'Hou&e bill applies to all land subject to preemption, which covers all Government land not reserved for specialpnriwses,whethersurveyedornot; theSenate biUie confined to lands subject to private entry, whiohunanimous wish of the Democracy of Illinois for the nomination of Douglas at Baltimore, were adopted.Connecticiit Politics.ated to enable the public to form some opinibn on theBTibject. Tomeitseemsconclusive in favorderly, and gentlemanly bearing was quite marked. Thesportofthe day offered ofanygreat rote, each race being decided in two heats, and eachNo. 179, owned and occupied iuwfrtby Wm. CotThe lower part was «5ctrpied b/TtmothyP"--*•a grocery store. >•'. m-A two-story frame bufldmein the.reaT^aoy owned heatwonhandilyandwithreallynocontest; vt i byMr.Connolly,nexttookfire,and.frlencetheflames The fir*t event was a post stake of $500 subscrip- communicated tc tbe three-etory 'warn ttotw», Owned The Senate b2B to take care of and return the Afri- , at once under the Senate bill, but an actual city this evening. Thomas Lawton^ editor of The aspect of the subject.which demands a word, and tion, in which Slather and Bourbon were namedat the by Alderman Seagrist, wbo oocepiodih* upper part as cansatKeyWert,wastakenup,andtheamendment •setfletvwould have to wait five jears, andthen Daily News,wasChairman. ' v -^^- - whichis moreconclusive,if pos&ible, than that adwelling—HermanZiclgoccupyingthefiwe^'pairta»#NEW-HAVEN,,June14,1860. , An enthusinstic Douglas meeting was held in thisTo disenss it further would be:of the House, increasing the appropriation for tbat 'pay 25 cents per acre, and the Land-Office fee. iTho Hon. Mr. Kavnnaugh of Minnesota, the Hon. post—the betting 100 to 6Q>on Slasher. On gdingoff, a rectifying establishment and store for wor sale of purposefrom$200,000to$250,000.wasnotagreedto. Fourth,the'Hbusebillgivesthelandtothesettler ThomasC.PieldBofNew-York,D..M.Moad,esq.,of whichIhavediscussed. Imeantheequitable Slasherhadthepoleandledroundtheturnwellin liquors...'!'':. ''i;jShe rote was; Teas, 26; Kays, 27. at $10 for a quarter section; the Senate bill requires Greenwich, and James Gallagher, esq., of New-Haven, right of thei City. . .~ Several petitions against the increase of the duty on $50 for a quarter section, twice as costly as the grad- were the speakers.•jrteel were presented. uated lands in Missouri. Fifth, the Senate bill com The latter was very severe upon the Hon. G.'M. In-front, and with a good pace. As they moreaiown The intense Beat set frre to a three-story teuotoont- the far side, he opened away" and came in to the run bouse in tbe rear of No*T77r owned' by; Afit geagritf;and occupied by six Or sevenr poor families. Oikt; tibo formal grant of the lauds underwater—-now claims up to the stand. Now Bourbon, made runnings, and other side of the stable, the firo extended to thettoee-- Mr. FKTOH tf>om., Ind.). from the Committee on pels the President to expose the public land to sale in gersoll for his coursein the Charleston Clonvention.3prmta*g,reportedinfavorofprinting5,000copiesof twoyearsafterasurvey;,theHousebilldoesnot,but . Themeetingpassedresolutionsthanking:thedele-the gnatnsonian reports. Agreed to. the House has passed a separate bill, now pending in. gates from this State whSTiad supported."Mr. Douglas all the slips, wharves, and lands, outside of South when he made a struggle for the lead, and soon showed Wm. Dealing. The firemen of the distrfct were e*r|yMr. WILSON {Kep., Mass.) called up the resolution the Senate, preventing safes until ten years after the extending the eevion till the 28th iast. He said that survey. Mr. Colfax added, there was no land of anyat Charleston, and requesting them to render the same support to him at Baltimore.The Japanese at Philadelphia.PHII.AI>EI.PHIA, Thursday, June 14,1860. £ TheChiefEmbassadorshadalongconferenceto-day at tbo Mint. The interview was strictly private. Theand West streets—a property worth millions—and in front, and went with a rattling pace to the straight on tbe gronnd and labored with a wlfli anrfitfwaronfy which the City has been constructing at vast woik home. Here Slasher took up the running, and through their united exertions that a general conflagra-Onnless a cf ange was made in the day of adjournment it tyould beutterhr impo-^dble to get through business.Mr. HTJKTES {Bern., Ya.) suggested the 21st inst. - Mr.Ft)0H(Dem„OJmovedtolaythemotiononconsequence in Minnesota, Washington, or Oregon, to which the Senate bill would apply, and but little in California, Kansas, and Nebraska. Under' the House bill,theGovernmentlandeverywherewouldbeopen to the pioneer. "expense, under the eye and with the j^rmisBion of the State, for more than sixty years. I t has thus builtupthisgreatCommercialEmporiumto bein a dash caught, collared and passed Bourbon, who at once gave backhand the jocky of Slasher landedtion in this quarter wa* prevented. / • Nearly all tie buildings in tiiiis neij^bci^QiK>dJare frame, and many of them were prevented from taking firefromthesparksthatwerecarriedinovory'dityc- tion by the wind, by the occupants, who ktoptf taisuthe table.*.rr-i|i&r; WIOFAUL (Dem., Tex.)said that we could not The House then resolved to adhere to their own billI I•get through with business, even if the tariff was not without a division.nssayed. A more satisfactory conclusion was arrived Nation. The taxable property, the population, down to 100 to 10. V Thirteen horses perished in tn« flames; all' attempta. V' at. "The .Embassadors will again visit the Mint to-morrowmorning. They find much to interest them the Wealth of the State, have been thereby largelyWjonaidtredat alL It was not justice to ourselves nor to the conritry to noeh tbe bosioess of six montbs into aRecess from 4J to 7 o'clock. EVENING SESSION.Second Heat.—Slasher again led off and maintained on the part of the firemen and stable men- to-eare ffitem proving uravailing. A new carriage vdaedal $350,it until'the middle of the back stretch was reached, Which had only been received yesterday by H3r. F3x- Well as possible during their stay here. A portion of boundaries; and all this has been done without When Bourbon brushed by and led for a quarter jjof a patrick, was burned. * ., the Embassy went to Point Breeze, visited the gas mile, both horses forcing the pace; but Slasher outlasted, Tbe losses and insurances are as-foliowo, as near aa- -Mr. WI'GFALL said he meant what he said m a to move a resolution, which was adopted by this House, works, and viewed the balloon ascension. The latter costing the State one cent, or taking one farthing and, at the three-quarter pole, came in fronl,!! -and we could ascertain: -.DDW-USTS. The Snoatv bad duly-dallied.Mr. BRIGHT (Dem.; Lad.) said tbat the Senate hadThe House reassembled at 7 p. m.here, and desire to arrange the currency business as increased, not only in the City, but throughout herjeat more hours this seataun than for yearn previously.-, v Mr. EL Y (Rep., N. Y.) indicated the points of a speech. On the 26th of March last he had the honorPickwickian sense.Pending a vote, the special order, the LegislativeAppropriation biJi, wa» tukeu up.Great confusion existed. Halfa-dozen Senators ad-but to which no response has yet been received, calling upon the President of the United States for informa- tionrelativetothepracticalworkingofthetreatycon- cludedwithGreatBritain, on the 5th day of June, 1854, commonly called the " Reciprocity Treaty.'' Thiswas made under the most favorable circumstances. of her property; for she has never held nor treated passed the stand four lengths ahead, and run quite Lofs of Mr: Fitzpatrick on etabl® and horses, $3,00(T. There were two balloons. One shot up into the air. No insurance.showing immense momentum. The other ascended the lands under water asproperty. Thereis not alenethelastmiletillhecame home, an easywinner Loesof Mr.ConnoHy,^,000i Insuredfor$6<X)o»Hdressed the Chair at once.Mr. DAVIS (Dem., Ma«s.) suggested that the Preei- treaty has at least six years to run. it was, he said,'i^grant of land under Water. The City has neverasked-for such a grant but it has been given to mile heats; the proprietor to add $500; two subscribers.'. 1,.•vdant make all the Senators take tneir seats.The PBES1DENT received the suggestions with pleasure, and requested Senators to reclame their seats. .Order being restored, the special order was post-commended to us under the alluring guise of a free- with which Japan had yet made no treaty TLoss of Mr. Bnckley, 9400; No insurance. ;Lois of Alderman Seagrist on front' buildihgvfTOfc Insured in the Hamilton laeuranoe Company.Mrs. Bolton, who resided- in the Alderman's-house, sustained $200 loss. Insured for $300 inrthe HamiRotx Insurance Company. ! fLose on rear building, owned by the AldcrmaTt, . $1,000; insured for $l79D0=r in the Stayvesant? and: Hamilton Insurance Companies..Lose of Mr. Zielg, $200 on stock;- insttred^rtGOfr in the Rutger's Insurance Company. lMr. Gemn, a tenant, was insured for $20O in <2i» Hamilton Insurance Company. The other tenants ara uninsured, and all lost their household' furniture and clothing, the flames spreading so rapidly as to -preclude; the po*sibiUty of their saving articks of trrfling vaJne. Several barely escaped injury, and were driveuiout in their night clothes.. Loss on bouse and furniture of Mr. r>eerlng, $500; inwared $2,000 in the Greenwich on the housej and. $1^00 on furniture in the People's.The fire was occasioned by the carelcesnee* of a stableman in tbe employ of Mr. Fitzpatrick. Th» iel- low attempted to fill a'fluidlamp while it was lightejd, but gas ignited, and the burning material' was- scat- tered in every direction. The man narrowly escaped with life.The Twenty-second Ward Police, Capfc. Sloatevwere on the ground during the night, and' preserved excel- lent order. •TIRE IK ELIZABETH STREET..A fire occurred yesterday noon i n Buchan &. CcC't.soap manufactory, Nos. 185,188,190 and 192 Elizabeth, street, but it was extinguished before gaining much; headway. Damage, $10.was again considered. -Mr. BRIGHT inquired of Mr. Hunter, chairman ofthe Committee on Finance; if it was possible to get through tbe Appropriation bills by Monday.Mr. HUKTlvU said he thought they could not.Mr. CAMERON (Rep., Pa.) was wiUiug to stay till December to debate she revenue.Mr. CLINGMA'N (Dem.. K. C.) suggested thatthey do not adjourn until tne middle of next week, as many o f the Senators wiH be at Baltimore, and had better extend the session, although he preferred to adjournMonday-Mr. HALE (Rep., N. H.) said they had adjourned©ace for the Dentoeratic'Convention which ended in a hox, and he would not adjournfor anotherunless there w a s reliable stcurny tnat it would do sometning. [Laughter.] The Tariff was settled. No man here is so vain as to make a speech-to convincethe impervious DemocTRcy and obtain a practical Tariff. There was no use to sit here, then, and listen to a long speech, and holding out false hopes to the country.Let them go before the people on the Tariff. There •was no hope for it here. The Senator from Pennsyl- vania (Bigleri reminded him of one of the early preach-that it was at least an. important step in that direction, and that the znntual benefits and blessings to follow from it would vindicate the practical wisdom ofthattheory.The f important feature of the ^treaty and that which gives it the title of Reciprocity is the third article, which provides that certain enumerated articles being the growth or produce of the British Colonies of North America or of the United States, shall be admitted into each country respectively free of duty. But a glance over the schedule shows there can be no reciprocity in the arrangement. It appears to have been prepared with tptcial reference to mcluding every article of Ca-comfort of the Embassy,'' that onl^ the New-YorkCommittee will meet them on the fffeamboat. If thebeen freely given; and now it is, and has been for many years, a permanent direction to the Com-ers of Christianity.ing in the wildernees.spected his motives, but pitied his condition. [Renewed laughter .]value. It is all ohe could ask or desire, for the schedule embraces everything she has to export. To us, the privilege of exporting the same articles duty free to Canada, is but the barren privilege of " carrying coals to Newcastle."He then proceeded to examine the effects of thistreaty upon our Federal resources. This branch ofour foreign commerce, instead of yielding us an•annualrevenue of some $2,000,000, is, under the. operation ofthe treaty, an actual drain upon the Treasuiy to theextent of about $50,000 a year; for, since the treatywent into operation, the revenue received at the vari-ous ports of--entry on our northern frontier has sofallen off that the expenses of collecting it during theman of Maryland,. Hon. Moses Biselow »f New-Jersey, Hon. J. C. Knight of Rhode Ieland, Dr. Thompson of Ohio, Dr. Guthrie of Tennessee, Dr. Stewartaou ofPennaylvania, Hon. A. 6. Stow of New-Jersey. Hon. Thomas Aapinwall of Boston, Dr. Hank of Baltimore. 'Secretariei: •Dr. Calvin Ellis of Boston, Dr. J. B. Jones of Boston, Dr. Wm. Taylor of Pennsylvania, and Hon. D- C. Todd,jr., of New-Jersey. i •Upon taking the chair, Dr. Bigelow made a brief address, speakmgof the great benefit that had been de- rivedfrompreviousConventions in their having shown that yellow fever was not contagious, and also throw- ing much light upon other diseases.Tnis afternoon a Business Committee was appointed, with Dr. John H. Griscom of New-York as chairman. The subject of the cattle disease, in this and other States w a s brought before the Convention, and referredHitherto the State, in all its legislation, has treated the City as the apple of her eye—its interests werequarter-mile, when the pace killed Pauline off, and thecolt coming out, ran thence home alone in 3m. 53s. [ BECAprrciATioir.Sweepstakes for four-year olds, $200 subscription, $50 forfeit, two mile heats, 4 subscribers; proprietor to add $200,He was like the voice of one cry- [Roars of laughter.} He re-her interests.its facilities of commerce—were considered mat- ters of public concern, to be fostered by every pos- sible means. At the last session, the City was astonished at a law which assumes to treat it as atrespasser, which, for the first time in the legisla- tion of the State, holds up the-City as an alien, and insinuates a desire to plunder it of its wealth.Mr. BIGLER fDem., Pa.) desired to stay here and - Siseuss the tariff and seals it.Mr. WXLSOK movtd to amend to adjourn the 25th. Teas24,Naje20. ,Agreedto.Thomain resvlatio&as so amended—to adjourn on the 25th—was agreed to.• The consideration of the Legislative Appropriation till was resumed. The amendment paying the claims of the Choctaw Nation of two millions and a half, was discussed at length, and rejected.Recess at 4 to 6 o'clock.£Vr.JTISO SESSION.The Senate reassembled at 6 p. m.Mr. TOOMBS (Dem., Ga.) desired to get up the bill peruv.tt ing Louisiana to levy tannage duties in certain eases. 4 •Tbe Republican Senators objected, and urged that the Senate was too thin to consider so important a hill.: Mr. TOOMBS replied that the question had been set- tled by forty precedents. Senators thought this bill too mmortant to consider when the Senate was thin, J>ut the Senate seemed to them full enoogh to deplete the Treasury by adding appropriations to the pendingML-The Senate then resumed the consideration of ,theLegislative Appropriation bill, which, after the consid- * ration of various amendments, was passed.Mr. HUNTER (Dem;; Va,), from the Finance Com- juittee, reported the Post-Office Appropriation bill Jfrom the Bonce without amendment.The bill was passed as reported; when, at 9 o'clock, the Senate adjourned. ]HOUSE OF REPRESENT A TIVES.Mr. ADAMS (Rep., Mass.), from the Joint Commit-tee on Library, reported a resolution, which wasadopted, accepting the public journals from the Cham-©er of Deputies ot Sardinia, and requestingthe Speakerto convey to the presiding officer ofthat body the grate-C. 8. Lloyd's b. c. Prophet, by Monarch out of Cassandra, bv Priam, 104 lba. 11trade measure, and was christened, by the name of " Reciprocity" to delude us with the idea that it. wasC.It. Lloyd's b: h. Slaaher. by Childo Harold, *i>TM Sarah Waah- The Embassy are overwhelmed withpresehts, chiefly her as a matter of course. No city or other ad- ingtenjS yean old, 121 lbs . . . . . . . . . . ; . . . : . . . . . . . . . . . i i . . l 1jewelry, sewmg-machines, and soap. To-morrow they jacent proprietor throughout, the State has ever Thou. Puryear*B br. c. Bdurbon, by imp. Olenooej dam, Flewrmoreslowly,and affordedabetterview. "Tommy" was desirous of accompanying, but tbe older compan- ions feared lest he might be landed in some countryaninstancetobefoundonherrecordsofhersellingbynearlyadistance,in3m.46sec. . '4 i! frontbuildinginthe Greenwich InsuranceCompany, K K C A n T C X A T I O W . ' i ' ' ' ' ' ' and $400 on rear buiMing in the People's Insurance. Post stake for all ages; weight for age; $500 subscription; two Company. ' 'to confer mutual and reciprocal privileges upon the I will be engaged in packing up for New-York. Theyywfeople of both countries. The advocates of that Uto- leave Saturday-morning^ on a special train, over the asked for a grant of land under water but it hasde Lis; 3 years old, 90lbs ...,i,.2 2 Time: 3.m. 46} sec; 3m. 46 sec;7'.;;..:•,'. S E C O N D JRACE. . •' y.i ''•;•'!.'.''; A sweepstakes for four-year-olds—two mile heats. For this, of four subscribers, only two showjed—-poned for a few minutes, and the resolution to adjourn pian theory; universal free trade, were led to believe Camden and Amhoy Kailroad. It 'is'*1 desired, for thejjiadian production which can ever find a market in thiscountry, and excluding every production of this coun-try which could find a market in the British NorthAmerican colonies. W e purchase, from Canada moreof the articles embraced in tbe schedule than she sellsto all tbe world beside. To Canada the privilege ofexporting to the United States, free of duty, the arti-cles embraced in the schedule, is one of incalculable Dr. H. G. Clark of Boston, Dr. Lamb of rennsylvania, Dr. Oil-last few years exceed the gross receipts by the sum of$189,730. He further proceeded to show that instead to the Business Committee. . ' This law was not demanded by the People, nor byFirst Heat—Auvoro, .dashed off in ***o i"***1} UCHMJOA all the way, and came home ten lengths in front in 1 m. 53£ sec. '..' ,.:•'". • • '•-.'' | |of stimulating domestic industry and enterprise, it hasinvited the productions of foreign labor, and foreignA resolution was presented by Dr. Sayre of New- York recommending State Legislatures to pass laws regulating the sale of poisonous dnigs- '•••the Governor, nor by any officer appointed to watch over the interests of the State. Whence did it come ? It seems to have been carried by the same, influence, and almost by the same vote, as-fastened upon the City the Kailroad iniquity, and perpetrated other frauds which have rendered infamous the Legislature of 1860. SucKa law, so passed against the protest of the City, against the veto of the Governor, against the moral senseSecond Heat—Aurora again takes the lead, andWent so to the half-mile post. Here Peg Top quick- tofore has been to Gregory's diggings, but the"great ened pace and caught the filly, struggled roundjji.the excitement now is on the Blue River. beyottS*th«soils, to compete with the productions of our own citi-zens in our own markets. View the treaty from The resolution was adopted, after ^a discussion inwhatever standpoint you may, it presents the same for- •which Dr, Jewett of Philadelphia, J>r. Griscom of New- bidding aspect. Its effects upon our public revenues York, Dr. Bigelow of Boston, Dr. Odronoux of New- and the private interests of our citizens are alike perni- York, Dr. Guthrie of Tennesee, and Drs. Sayre and<• cious. It is prejudicial alike to the interests of our Stevens of New-York participated. "',;•. -farmers and mechanics, our manufacturers and our merchants, our lumbermen and our fishermen.turn,andheadedheralength,butatthefinishraj.the SnowyRange,southofSouthPark,and.atthe,;lfoad waters of the Arkansas, where some of thel|turn died away—the filly drawingin front,ran strongly gub-h digtrings ever opened have been <lately discov-at once. It has been persistently violated in the spirit if notin the letter, by the Canadian Government, ever since the day it was' ratified by a yearly increase to tariff duties on American exports. Its avowed and manifest objects have been wholly perverted, and it has been used as a means of defeating and Utterly abolishing the internal policy which it was intended to foster and .build up. In conclusion, he declared his in- tcntibn to introduce a bill to repeal the act, with a clause declaring all imports from Canada and the other British Provinces embraced in the treaty, subject to the same duties as are imposed upon imports from other countries.The House then resumed the consideration of the Senate's amendments to the Army bill.The amendment appropriating nearly $800,000 for calling a Texas mounted regiment into the field, was*Tornado.with injustice to the City—will not be sustained byMattie by Umpire, 90 ID......Tune: lm..531sec.; l m . 53^sec.-2 2Mr. REAGAN (Dem., Texas) said that if this appro- priation was not made the Governor of Texas wouldMr. Kice of Pindlay, Ohio, arm broken; Miss Minnie of Tiffin, Ohio, chest crushed; Mr. Black of Ver- million, Ohio, arm crushed; Mr. Costin of Bellefon- taine, ribs broken; John Koss of Sandusky, terribly disfigured, and several "others less seriously.he expired, however, he appered in great agony, some- thing .apparently weighing upon his conscience, when he at last exclaimed that he could not die without mak- ing a confession. Five or six persons who were in the house at the time at once came around the bed of the dying man, when he commenced with the account of a terrible deed of blood.He proceeded to state that, some eighteen or twenty-yearsago,heandanotherman(both-thenemployedinthe Beekman Iron Factory) were in the factory woodsone afternoon, when a peddier named Lee was seencoming in that direction, and it was at once agreed-betweenthem to waylay, murder, and then rob him,when they should bury him in the woods, and care-fully remove all traces of the deed. Thia was accord-ingly done, the unconscious, peddler trudging alongwith MB pack upon his shoulder, and singing gayly,when the murderers rushed from their hiding place,struck him Eeneeless- to the ground, and then delib-erately daBhed out his brains. " He WBBat once taken Jefferson b. Oibbes.....".'.. . 1 Bennington b. WallerLegislature at great expense, so as to keejp forces in the field. One vigorous campaign, visiting all the calamities of war on the Indians, will deter them from further depredations,Mr. OLlN {Rep., N. Y.) opposed the amendment as entirely unnecessary. Every intelligent army officer disapproves and condemns the calling of this mounted regimentintothe field. Theamendmentwasurgedon thegroundthatthe armywasunfit for serviceonthe Texas, bolder.Mr. McRAE (Dem., Miss.) accused. MjvOlin of a cold-blooded spirit and sectional prejudices. He (Olin) was convinced-of the butcheries, but was not willing to arrest them.Mr. OLIN indgnantly replied to this. 'He was op- posed to the amendment because he wanted to put. an end to difficulties by preventing " hell hounds from pouncing on peaceable Indians, and depriving them of their homes.Mr. REAGAN said that the language employed by Mr. Olin was a deliberate and wilful calumny on the people of T exas.The amendment was rejected, only 48 voting iu favOr of it. ' .The Senate's amendment making appropriations for fortifications was advocated by Mr. WHITELEY. He said that the House bill for this purpose appropriated $675,000, and the proposition now pendingmerely in- creased the amount $30,000.Mr- CURTIS (Rep., Iowa) remarked that the aggre- gate was a million and a quarter.Walters; Warner also bowled well.the Newark eleven in their first innings, that of 'Gray- son and HalKs took the lead—Grayson especiallyijb^ng a good display. The fielding of the St. George (was very good, and the bowling good. The following isMr: W H I T E L E Y resumed,tions have cost fifteen millions.this small amount be now appropriated for works in fifteen States? . ' .Mr. PERRY (Rep., Me.) was opposed to such log- rolling. W e don't want the appropriations .now when we are at peace with our Maker and all mankind.Mr. ELLIOTT (Rep., Mass.) advocated the appro- priation. We shouldi either complete the works, or promptly give them up.Mr. MeRAE took a similar view.Mr. STANTON (Rep., Ohio) said they ought not to stop to considei an important proposition of this char- acter injected into the belly of an appropriation bill. The Hcnse should stand by the fortification bill they had passed..The amendment was non-concurred in.Mr. STOUT (Dem., Oregon) offered an amendment, which was ruled out of order, appropriating $3,400,000 for the payment of the Oregon and Washington Terri- toryIndianwardebt.On motion of Mr. ST ANTON, the study of the ca. detsattheMilitaryAcademywaslimitedtofouryear*?. • The Committee rose, when its action on the amend-ments was concurred in by the House. Adjourned.•~t•'••'• '•' Fire. •OWKCO, N. Y., Thursday,, June 14,1860. Springsteen'8 large machinershop, near the railroad depot in this place, was consumed by fire last night. LOBS, $17,500. No insurance. The insurance expired a few days since. • The fire originated from a sparkfrom an engine..••BRITISH COMMERCIAL LIFE INSURANCE COMPANY.In reference to a telegram from Albany relating to. tbe affair* of tbia Company, i beg leave to atate that Mr. F. Cag- «T'« claim agniuft thin Comuany is not considered a valid one, or it Would have been Immediately settled. Hi« attachment _OJ a portion of the aecuri.Uea belonging to tbe Company, lTM?*?^TM1 the Controller. Ifl merely to seonre the' payment of the claim in ca«e the unit should be lecided against tbo Company, whioh is a— ••PHitAMarHiA. Jnne 14—Fwri dull. WKKAT. nnchaaged, at $1 40®$1 45. Ceioi cloBed with an a"yancu5g tgSS?nc3r» Y e i -Premium Tobacco.ac lowat67®€7ic. .\VHI»KT advancing; BftleB at^<**}i ' . .nJ/_.saying—Our fdrtifica- Why should not evenTheRev.Mr.WALSB called the meetingtoorder, theEurope, except Portugal and Spain.o CanaBbond oota^baaiiiofWith these t twoexcMOSILB. JuDeia.-CoTTON-Sales to-day, 800 W w . « * M r » 101c. for Middling; market dnD. Salea of three days, 1, <00 bales.; The award of premiums for the best hogshead of wrceiptH of three days, 815 bales. FamGHTB and ExcnAsroBini-ST. LOUIS, Wednesday, June 13,1860.manufacturing and shipping tobacco, raised in this State, was made at the State Tobacco Warehouse to- day The first premium, $40, for manufacturing leaf,° B^fryALO, June 14.—FIOCK dull, heavy, and tending down- ward; nothing beyond retail trade doing. WMBAT dnll and lower; sales 2,500 bu»h. Canada Club at $ 1 M . 2,000 bush. White Winter d6. at $1 30®$184;7,000 bush. White Winterbreaking, he showed that Popery was responsible for fa, >~On the 1st inst., Mr. Hillory H. Howell of q ^ ato a very large degree^ In'.Mexico, the prieststganfv Co., Gu„ wa8 shot and kiUcd, it is supposed, by E>£j.ble on Sundays, and in Ireland they connived! at the-Was awarded to John A. Corner of Callaway County;the second premium, $30, to John Craighead of the Indiana and Michigan on private tenna. COKS dull and loop-worst forms of Sabbath desecration. j ,|Hesubmittedthefollowing resolutions,which!were unanimously adopted:\ C. Chatham, whosucceeded in making his «H3a|>eT'Sft 5 difficulty originated frcm rumors in regard to Dr,.Chatham and his wife.—•Mr. C. D. Stuart writes to correct a Riohjaoad to^ Jegram in yesterday's TRIBUNE. Mr. & is apt a. ©a*same county. The first premium, $30, for shippingleaf was awarded to Jesse Criddle of Cape GirardeauCounty; the second premium, $20. to the Bame. The«r«t^4mium hogshead was bought by B. W. Lewising; salesthismorning 4^000 bush. Illinois at.56c, and 8,000 bush. Ohio at 55c. OATH steady nnd in good demand: aalea 11,000 bush. CorAda at 84*c. WniwKV steady; «alea 50 bbls. at 20c. CAXAL "FiuBiOHTa atcady, at 40c on Flour, l l j c on Wheat, and lOJc. on Com to New-York. L A p IMWKTH-- 7,000 bbls. Slour, 33,000 bush. Wheat, 8,000 bush. Corn, 2,000CoKOKxk'sSing, held an inquest on Wednesday evening upon the body ofWhtreat, Several teaobers have been dlnmtiuedtfrom *ot*m mC tbe public sobools of our city— • ,.;l'Renolved, Tbat in the opinion of this meeting, tbia sjubjwct nbould be brouebt before the various Protestant Cnuxebe* of theOn Friday afternoon the members of tne Conven- tion, by invitation of the City Government, will visit the City Institutions, and on Saturday afternoonhome, a winner by a length and a half, in 1 m. 53J e a j i ' illKBCAPTnriATioir.Sweepstakes for three-year-old*. Subscription $100, $50 for-ered, llse mow still prevent* teams from gett1n% to tbe Blue River, and miners from operating.to advan- tage. A vast and rich field undoubtedlynes jsj direction. All tbe mines, both old and new, az%well so far as they are worked. •fEmigrants are pouring in by thousands, amPikm* have already stampeded and gone back. Let: them slide. Tlowj will wm who stay and work. This, sea- son will show a large turn-out of gold from^fcee» mountains, judging from present indications. 4«>*This place has been overrun with Indians for the §8st few days. More than 1,500 ArapaboeacamJ front *esouthandcampedhereon. Saturday, bringing.withthem two TJte prisoners and four scalps. Tfie^aave had their war dances, feasts, and a-general-fabUc© day and night over their trophies for four. daysPwtt, and this morning they are moving off.. - ifrflf, One of the prisoners died here,and the other,a Muaw, they would have burned alive according to feerr custom j bad itnot been for the interference ofHIts operations are wholly and thoroughly miscella-neous. These points Mr. Ely enforced at some length. partake of a banquet at the Revere House.Having discussed all the features involved, he said we Hi—*—;—have as a remedy for the evils to abrogate the treaty Ai<Ifor the Sufferers by the late of the whole community—such a law, so fraught;CHICAGO, Thursday, June 14,1860.A concert was given last night at the Bepublican' "Wigwam, for the benefit of the sufferers by the bite tornado in Iowa, It was a splendid affair. The Hall was crowded to its utmost capacity—probably not less than 18,000 people being in attendance. The sub-scription thus far, together with the receipts from the Concert, amounted to about §5,000.Serious Accident. •<SANRUSKV, Thursday, June 14,1860. The balcony of West's Hotel, which was crowdedthe People of the State of New-York.M. . LIGHTwith people witnessing the tournament of the firemen, twenty years ago. The particulars, up to the latesttheir first iimings. Sadler, Brett, Walker S. Wright, Beckwith, the Indian agent and interpreter he. _ succeeded in dissuading them from their horrible'dfur-Gibbes, and. Currie, being the chief contributors. pose for the time, but they will probably aocomotiau itcase of Carstang ugt.: Shaw.•Last evening, a public meeting, for the purpose,' of considering the Biblerin-tbe-Scbools question was held at Tilford Hall, Seventh street, between Second iiand Third avenues. • ' ii '>'ftireign corporation. June 13, i860./•GEO. Mpeople who demanded exclusive rights among auni-vereally freepeople. .. .1.'.••'.: — I t has been reported that the Rev. Henry 'WSrdi••• •'""-'Manager for tbe U. SThe Rev. Mr. JMCMENAINY addressed the meetingSBSTTSbSwr, Mov for|l50for100pounds bush.Oat'4.- , , ' , ! , . v L &e&stpriceWpaia m th*country. Thesecond ABHART,' June 14—FLOCK unchanged and W^JTMTMTM.TM"*PremramlotwassoldtoLagget&,DansmanofSt.Louis. 900bbk.atlastquotations. WDBATdull;salea^SObuoh.\Vhite townandIrviugton. Nothingcouldbelearnedastothename innamaumeetingofthefriendswhoareinfavorofhavluethsCanada at $ 1 50. OATH unchanged in price but less active; sales orretrfdenee of-the <U>oeu**d, V-x$ u verdict W»9. given Ut aocoid- ^ 5 for 100 pounds/Ah* the competing tobacco 3,500'bush. Canada East iit 38c, and 4,000 bush. Canada West, in-ferior, at the same price. BAHKET—8«to* C,000 bush. Canada aucc with ;ho abovv, • "Thomas M. Tryniski 309 South 4th Street Fulton New York 13069Bible rend in the Public. School.. i l T ^ Smlvtft That iu tb$ ofwnioa Qf tho meeting tt U aa outragef•:Untitled Documentof the City.wearisome and unprofitable. But there is anotherTihe State—by reason of not having made aANOTHERMYSTERYCOME TONEW ARKDEATH-BED CONFESSION—STAETL1NG DE- VELOPMENTS.The reeidents of Dutchess County aire now laboring under great excitement, caused by the confession of a dying man hi Beekman, in that county, to a participa- tion of a horrible murder which took place nearlyI.up and buried in the Factory Woods, when, as agreed upon by them, all traceB of the deed wero carefully obliterated, after which they took different directions and returned to the village.Before the conscience-stricken wretch could finish his confession, death sealed his lips, but enough had already been said by him, as to his' associate in crime, and the place where Lee was buried^ that but little more could have been added.. The man whom Har- rington accused as being implicated .with him in the deed, left Beekman very suddenly eight or nine years since, and from that time to this has never been heard from or seen.. The affair will be thoroughly investi- gated, and sometime this week a party will start out for the Factory Woods for the purpose of searching for the body of the murdered peddler.There is little doubt but that the above is reliable, as several yet live in Dutchess County who well remem- ber "Lee the peddler," and that he suddenly disap- peared about twenty years since, and never again made his appearance in the county. The sudden disappear- ance of Harrington's associate, the unsettled mind of the confessor, and the confession itself, all bear witnessHattf-raly b. Sadler. Grayson 1. b. w., b. Brett. Hallisnot out.............. 4 Byes 4, wides 8, no ball I.. v .88IKQUXST.—CoronerGriffin,of Sing;l%0f^ta^kdm^nB^^0}^^:aUj^ere. , ff" •himhometenlengthsahead,in3rcu461seccoins of the United States and Japan were carefully not i only the pride of the State,. but of the- • Betting was now nearly at an end, the gomg covered witlrwet blankets and pieces of carpets*whole Councils in force are on hand,-; the Commissi<£amay take a special boat. They arc dotennined on giv- missioners of the Land Office freely to grant lands Prophet and Pauline. The odds wero 100 mjm onciation.BOSTON., Thursday, Jnne.14,1860. The fourth annn»l Convention of the National Quar- antine and Sanitary Association convened here to-day. About 200 delegates, including many of the most prominent physicians of thia conntry, were present. The Mayors oi Brooklyn, Newark, and Savannah arelowing officers:Prophet took up the running, and a pretty contest wasmade up to tbe stand, where Prophet showed in front um. "What means, then, this law of the last ses- a length. Both went steadily around the turn in the second mile, and on entering the straight run lay well sion, which singles out the City of New-York from together, and made a beautiful race, head and head, to the whole State, and proposes to make it pay for the middle of the turn, but Prophet outlasted the filly,among the delegates, "and Dr. McLaren of the U. S. Army is present, by direction of the Secretary of W ar . The Convention organizes hy the election of the fol-what has hitherto been a free gift to all who asked—pay for an act of public service which demands thethanks of the State ? If-the City were conqueredcame in front, and, having the race all his own, ran in an easy winner, in 3m. 49is. . i ] ,.Second Heat.—T&viihie went off with the leaiij and headed to the quarter-pole, when Prophet made a rush,Pretident, _Dr. Jacob Bigelow of Boston. Vtce-TresidenU: Mayor Arnold of Savannah, Dr. A. H. Stephens of New.York,by an enemy, it would not be more despoiled than,is purposed by this act of our own Legislature. caught the filly, and the two lay together for the nextunder water, so far as they may promote the com- Prophet. ,' '. . '"•/,.; ••:••; •;^''i iing their charge more comfort and privacy. 'National Quarantine Sanitary Asso- *'joyed by the adjacent owner." In England,'he position till three-fourths of a mile were done^ whenmerce of this State, or can be " beneficially en- First Heat.—Pauline lead off, and niaintarnedi herwho reclaims land from the sea is considered apublic benefactor, and is rewarded with a premi-Its docks, its slips, its harbor-Millv^„H»w^«w^yw?***'*^y^^.>1y^y^»>;^-^<wH»^'-^^**^4^H«*^^ifA^^v^i^P . C. Bush's, ch. f. Pauline, by Star Davis, dam by Mon- mouth Eclipse, 101 lbs 3 2Time: 3:49±. 3:53. - I l l THIRDRACE. .h*-*•',, •'---"'"'" :.*'"Sweepstakes, for three year olds, mile heats. 1 Twocame to the start—Mr. Mornot's Aurora, and |Mr.LATERFROM PIKE'SFEAKv T ->2S^fefi *"£ •"'••'•rM fflE mmfSfclc«dup;hurriedthepaceontothequarterpole, storvbrickBouseNo.1B3,ownedandoccupied.by.Bush's-Peg.Top. •;'•->•• :•>•'$> • X A correspondent of The Omaha NebrasJnait, send*feit, 4 subscribers, proprietor to add $200, mile heats. J. B". Mbnnot'a ch. f. Aurora by Logan, dam, Marjr; j,. ' ',;...,. 1 l.i - / P . C. Bnsh's b.c J?eg Top by Mariner, dam, Miss •',-. ',•'!,'.Biddle by imp. Glencoe. 8i lbCHICEET—ST. GEORGE or NEW-YORK VS.or NKWARK.^The first contest this season between theseclubswascommencedatHobokenyesterday,and will be resumed this morning. The weather was de^ lightful in the extreme, and a huge number of cricket- ers mustered on the ground toward t i e afternoon. Both parties are well represented, and Borne fine play has been shown thusfar on both sides. The St. George,.dubwenttothebatandmadethefinescoreof 166inthescorethusfar:• , ••0 8. Wright b. W*rnsr...i....21 Gibbes bl Hallis...........V .18 Walker c. Kidd, b. Warner.,.29 EL Wrkbt b. Hallis 1 P. Robinson not out.......... 5 Sadler bt Hallis......... .'<.. .24 Burnett ran out.....- '1 Brett c J«ffle»on, b.-Ei4.d...I8 Byes 19, leg byes 8, wide* 5.-39Currie b. HaHia....... 13B.Kobinsonb.Walters,....lit 4?OMU«MIIIIIDIMIIfi ..«ltH>Waller ran out.....Kidd b. S a d l e r . . . . . . . . . . . . . 8 V%rilliam8 b. Brett:ST. GBOKGE.letic culture of anywhich New-York has yet possessed^ 4 The hall itself is ninety feet in length by aixty-fb^F int breadth, and twenty-one in hight. Above, it are commodious dressing-rooms, and every possible cpnve- - nience has been provided. Last night, the opeamg re- - ccption was given, and hundreds of ladies and gsj&tle- » men attended to admire tbe construction of the g%np&- ,First Inmninat.theman-whocommittedsuicidethatafternoonbyplacinghlm- city,andthatimmediateeffortsshouldbawa,d»toform.Commit- nworat,butazealousandactiveRepublican, sijlf in front of the locomotive of an' express train between Tarty- tees in every Ward for the purpose of maturing a pianforhold-Of the batting of'"• .— mthe following from Denver, under date of May 22: •4 News from the mines is cheering. New discoveriea < of gold and the other precious metals ace. beiu£mada * every week, and one inst arrived here scarcely flapw» ' which way to go amid all the rumors. The rush, here-new gymnasium, fitted.up in the splendid hafl ovacrfha - Knickerbocker Stage Company's headquartejswby . Messrs. Gnstavus A. Ratz & B, FrankHn Be^S, is ••i|ii •'% trulyadmirable in design and construction. Wubj - far the largest and the best adapted to purposes dfatfr- ».NEWARK. 1 sium, and tbe muscular ability of tbe young amateursL. iFi*r»t Inning*.. 2 Warner 1. b. w., b. Brett wbo performed various feats daring the evening. -Baker c. andb. Sadler.Ford run oht............. . 6 Walters run out.......... «"•.Messrs. G.V. Weir, C. Conner, R. Bird, KnightCrohn- > son, and C.Kline were,especially commended.^ " first-named gemleman "put up'' a dumb-bell w<140 pounds i Tbe proprietors oi" the gyuraasittx_ „ already received a large number of snbeoribers^O^io school,andallseemed greatlyinterestedinitssuccess."' • m» ..PREPAYMENT OF POSTAGE.-—Postmaster Dix, of thiscity, in regard to the prepayment of postage by stamps, directs: ..1 it'l:1m•' •••;"I.21Total.•••*«•«•«••••**Va7SCHOOLS.]and proposed Col. E. L. SNOW as "ChaVman.Col. SNOW, in taking the chair, said that no moreimportant subject could have called American citizenstogether than that of considering the propriety of in-sisting that the Bible should be read in the PublicSchools. He thought that when even Fifth-avenuearistocrats Ehould ask for a separate fund to providefor the teaching of their children, because .they couldnot associate with the children of the poor, the peoplewould soon respond by telling them to provide forthemselves- and so they must eay to any class of thetherefore, letters may be sent to the provinces aind cot ferred to paid or unpaid.3. Ir all Other cases, prepayment of .postage is comptunory, eac* cept on letters to Algeria, Tunis, Kgypi, Beyroot, «md SmyYn*. t 4 In cases whwe the prepaTment of postage is COtnpQlsptx . the whole postage must be paia by stamps. ~~~?w " f 5 Persons prepaying po^ag* should see thai the additfW of k the staiiir* does not increaoe the weight of their letters, afiTJitu Imake them chargeable with an additional rate. Inall«u<" if prepayment is compulsory, the lotten not being fully detained and sent to the Dead Letter Office to be opened turned to the writers; or, if prepayment Is optional, they to their devaluation as unpaid letters, and the partialis, in general, a loss to the person by whom it is in; ••.•.' sj '>••>•••••*••>*•••••Beecber was about to start a new daily joiamafioi a> briefly, setting forth tha^the Bible had been the means religious character, but we are authorized to- stateit^at of preserving the institutions of this nation, and that it the practical execution of the jplau will not bsiwfe- nitiBtnotbeexcludedfromtheschoolswherethefuture tempted. On a careful search for pioaa mfin^dn-rulers of tbe country were being trained*. He Baid thatineverynation destituteof the Bible,ignorance and nectedwith the newspaper professiou, Ufa. £»o^W.1W*««('-M*.>rt"WW"»'"' www.fultonhistory.com?_i*" 