 & chiUrea of 'OmraiUee on. «>*e<t fee iwouk'Q-seba of•r<*»*me4;fc» ^ **»ttoa, by Ta«Md»7 to*»M he>b.*<l 'tion. which cftorobere of Jl vote upon 5<*v» himself t.itwhenn *ve Hoaor»4 itwhenever" Conetitu- ar.d acticgslatarevaoa nest vote of r . ximeduits* labitants orfor the a*. ' nw, ho said h»4 come—expressing; *»^y »*cer- I>E- Theee>was here,ipliedwithOS m a d e i athere is an end of it. Thertfia no penalty reacting.>tviolated his judicial duties wi'hout specification of any test, I am willing this House shall accept the iasne. I ground to aek for an investigation, to see in what Lieut. Andrew I. Hays of the Marine Guard of the day endeavoring to get her off. I had no time to give 17tb, when Miramon attacked the city, h *» ^ particular act, I do not believo there would have bee'i am willing to inquire into the power of this House to districts this money was used? The President Savannah, and Lieut. Julius E. Meire of the Marine my attention to anything else. That vessel left the a half hour's combat, was repulsed, with cc* 'sidera- asingle vote in that body in favor of the inquiry. investigate. Therefore I submit the motion that this having made the, charge, were not we the Guard of the ship. I prot«e d e .4 d o w n ^ e next morning at daylight, since which, by a gale ofos!dsovo;e>m ML As & bonnd 8^ to her h*»rft tne gentle-*as ho w^a, t) —a word da liagwrwell known >een passed l-wot bead* ). A !egt»-. "ho vote for e could notcond:tion*»hordd vote dxaission of bis poiitic»ltpozte th» red to voter tho rece£- ths Prem-le time for aeration, I ae of duty, rnmenv, to xst reeolc- vea on tba wl Globe iu '-bo foi-appoint«»dxtit>!>r of :h« *p«r n»©*n«. nioxto :ho LOqXUM into twenuneat I«f-»*t*»d, or l*w or MW. it ha< failedbranches vhSch fol- e, Navy- rka of the e highly re Senateatiee, and C provide ea which ihe latter.nd gen- n at pree- itweea tba resolution. ower underportion of iy, while ir«nthor- rfoliy ad- peaching rvHiiona. investedno yuria- '' 'rs>?:uenLt of themi of thethe only f alt and ud them i« sphere aiiuer toim with o.ii'ce in ihy, uow5 r&r as ^ sbnil « to hi» mgerousomity oa wha* ri rhtc of any hu-tae ex- o confer- wsrition. a<s repre-^ait aaall *of both in coui-pnoe hi» "hi« par- ities be-ooght w>llioiii 60-re»;>ec»; ie other. iiJ rights olated in j&jpeach-hirgea •ays of fpeeto-'only would tapor:-8 oi the biy be ra some .taerican caationu* ii«.l. Onmil pren of the he Vice- case of me shall asj pro-Jcn may *«}y sot- 1 justicege Peck >i ail the ct, stand ^awlesi!!, oase, incauseH. scd pro- may be fish de- l justice^oromtt- te Com- rt. Hiding sferenee ed to beHouse, ic<jn>uaU toof in- »k. *HV> oold^ iu e case of ie COTII- h of the to, and >r, as t ogreater pncrple* iid -nt o.'*Kapra-Since the time of the Star Chamber and of general communication be referred to the Committee- on the party to investigate and see who was guilty? The coast, making direct for Anton Lizardo, fifteen wind from the north, I have been cut off from both bleloes. There were from 200 to-500 worm n and*uno exception made in favor of the President. Why, man from Virginia that this question is of some conse- arrived to-day, bringing $15,000 in dust, sixpaasen- board my *hip severely wounded, three of which, haveSir, this doctrine set up by the President it*the same quence, for it pertains to the rights and duties of a co- gers, and a large mai'. died, i have ecnt all tho others to the hospital on dieJce wwr gathered for political purpoees-in this city Volr« Flouring Mill waadibtroyed-by ill*yosLerdinv. '•*';W|JETB^«H^ J>AILY;flM^fl^$ $ 1 % ^ JpAAgft. atatffiO,B|HMMm«patchtoTheN.Y.Tribune, | |-., :; ^VASHIWGKTO^ Thursday, Maxoh 29, I860.? S "HIGHLY IMPORTANT FROMMEXICO.;?* fe •;?VClieSiege of Tera Crux Raised KOG.REATDAMAGEDONE.•- • •iHousewhetherJudgePock,ingeneralterms,hadnotthanIintended.AsthePresidenthasenteredhispro-poses.Now,Mr.Speakerandgentlemen,-hadn'tXpaniedbyMasterJosephN.JL^6T ofthe8amevessel, shipunfortunatelygroundedinthebay,andIwasallbombardmentcontinuedtilltiemornis^%°*^° u a c e r•genlleman at all, except in bis imagination. TrJe> > quire into the conduct of members of the preceding of following the wise precedents of former times, and - - - v Congreps. Suppoee it were ascertained that members•and have returned to the eapitaf.(Signed) SITC* "M*• RUBCKK."V. ThereM t a b t N t Mr. John Covode, A JteprssMitaUve from f M&oihe charges, or institute to priKrtejfefifr. *xd the I n the last Congreee they raised a Committee"'to in--•*.Miramon, did not hoist her coionr'at toy time before during.or after the engagement, and that it was a bnlhant moonlight night, when he could have mostPewwylvania,isthoaccuserofthePresident. Instead j*«S2*^*"5Tore,L_ftiW^tl *he ^eBja<rti*^V. *A\0 *___J^ ^ • • p e d a J l y that in the case of Judge Peck, and referring no charge against the President, and I cannot sit hff?wthe accusation to the Committee on .Judiciary, the onietly and permit these allegations to go out uncontra!- or. the preceding Congress had been guilty of mal- The following ia the account of the collision-near eawly satisfied himself that the Saratoga could not pos-p ••u c o m eai bofo . Mr. CRAIGE—That is true, but he does not deny the ConstStutkn p'ov^a. to impeachment. Then the To Cant TAOW«^£*T ^ £ ' Mexico, March8,I860. 5 informed by tb© officers now in charge of her, that MKUMOIT RETURNS TO ifirBXTCO.^L_ — — . aicted by this ride of the House. •—-actices; yon can do nothing; they are beyond your Vera Cruz,, ^ rendered to Capt^ Jarrfg of the sibly have been a veseel belonging to any Mexican House have made my accuser one of my judges. Mr. SHERMAN—-I must have misunderstood1 the L >ociu J ° ^ t h t h e Executive officers of this Govern- - »M>wer or party. I have also omitted to state that theTomaketheaccuserthejudge,isaviolationoftheMessage,ifthePresidentdoesnotdenythepowetf'ofmeC*«**°Umve8ti£ttt0diefactsandreporttotheSavannahbyiCapt.TurneroftheSaratoga:»? ekaraCLcepapersoftheMarquisofHabanacertifytoprinciples of nniver?al justice, and is condemned by the practice of all civilized nation?. Every freemau0 amnrtrevolt atBncb^a spectacle. I » « t o »PP° : f°K nIL JAHT 18SlK^ rw? ?i . ' Commanding U.S. Ship Savannah.Athe power of tho House to impeach. He does not deny Con stitution prescribes the penalty. This House exer- On the morning of the 6th inst. two larg* after thirty of them had been removed to our ship therethe Houpe to institute the investigation. Kona», «ad>^aton, unless you proceed, aa rwtr ' U. S.-S*ipi'SAaATO«A, I only th'riy-tbtee persons on board; whereas, lam* V H A HTrzMr. Covode, either personally or by a substitute, tom-os&examinetheTt.itne3feswhichbemaypro«iacd that.Hedeniesthorightofhisaccuser(Mr..Covode) cisesthesai^erightinregardtoExecutiveofficersm on?Sv?fl,ap^ed^^^rborofVeraCruzwiti remainedatfeastfortystillonboardofher.AathiseMoe dtotobeonthoCommittfetoinstitutetheproceedings. tomenders or^ TM> TM seekingtoinquire H f t t f 1 8 1 1 ^ althougha gunwasdred shipwassentimmediatelybacktoasaistinfloatingtheAmericanPropertyinMexicoConfiscate! ; — • -AMERICANS OR0EJ?L'O OUT OF THE COUNTRY.-«oire, not into sny specific charge or charges, but ' Mr. CRAIGE (in his soat)—Refer to the Committee to vote for investigating the conductor . • ^ S Wle-ot-war at Sacriiicios, which sent out a boat to The statement which I have herein submitted to yon [A Private dispatch rzztbreti fa m Nftw-Orlean* ye«terd*r,**&before himself to sustain his own accusations a$atiutme, and perhaps even this poor boon may be denwdJo M& SHERMAN—I have already answered in regard what corrupt meai.7 SL }?. eTMTM^ either by frpm the Castle and the Mexican flag run up at Gen. Miramon. I have been unable to make an accn-h e Bnto the mode. In what other mode—how else shall we members of Congress ^ x e 2 ? t l 7 ) ?ffic er8» or citoeie of rate report of the number of persons on board. Aboutthe President. And what is the nature of th«-mve3tt- J Jgation which this resoln ion proposes to institute ? It investigate as to whether or not wo ought to impeach the U n M Sl^lesfthe' P r e s t > t f i r t n ° M ^ rSi as vsgne and general as theEnghshlanguage aflords an officer? How els© shall we inquire, except by in- ary one else. Every man is liav e t o t!l? 8 a i ?°words in which to make It. The Committee latom- vestigation? gation. Is the gentleman from W ^ J ^ £ $ 1 ° ? hours, and after communicating with the Spanish Vea- Miramon's army.whether the President has, by "money, patronage, or on the Judiciary, as has always been the case here- without a specific charge made by a member pr<nem, they stood down the coast in the direction of of all the important details of this affair will be testi- Anton Lizardo. You directed me immediately to place fied to by every officer of the expedition.^ y 5E?P ^ t o w °f ^ c small American steamers here, I bwfve th« honor to bo, Sir, very respectfully.COD)mU7»Jc«t«d&->. ?«» tUJHVSX.]VERA CRUZ, Wedae* *ay, March 21, 1860.No wTo Mft»ri. VOISHT II Min.raG-rs*, - Wattr rtrtet, If. Y."" <<cihfix hnprorer m«»an8, saught to influence," not the tofore.Afttkrn of any mdividual Member or Members of Con~ Mr. CAMPBELL (Rep., Penn.j—Grand Juries in'floor ? Th8t ia the question.Mr. FLORENCE (Dem., Pa.)—That is what thenTM^tinr* tiie actionof theentirebodyofCongress PennsylvaniaareswornnotonlytotrythosemattersS 3 t , " o r * n T ponaoittoe thereof. The President given them in charge upon specific bills, but they have He complains that the same courtesy was not extended jjb -weal, to follow them and to ascertain their charac- P. S. As every effort will be made by the parties This city has been severe^ ' bombarded for six ;ou>hthavei*d *nne glimmsringofthenatureof anunlimitedpowertomakepresentationandreport toacommonpiekpocket.[Laughter.] Thatistheob- ter'v^eretheywerefrom,ofwhatnation,where whohavebeensufferedtomispresentthefactsofthn Jays,butneitherwenoranysi'oarGermanfriend* the ofenHe to >?*• investigated had bin ac?nser pointed | upon such matters as come within their knowledge, jection. Gentlemen seem to lose sight of the first ob- theyh..**6^ out, and what was their object upon this affair, I have desired to be as accurate in my statementer Jnean+ re a*'«" ^BTMut* t^h*e»a*'c»e«u»•a»a•t»i«o•n Shall the President of the United States tell us where eaid, Mr. Speaker, you will discover that there has ders, I left h * ^°nt sunset in tow of those vessels, before leaving Anton Lizardo, who are now on boardPresiceutobjectsto.[LaugterontheRrepulicsnside.]^•heWaveandIndianola,whichwereplacedatyour Yourobedientservant, T.TURNER.have any loss t> complain of.1 jam orto defeat by V*1© employment of'' money, patron Mr. SHERMAN—Is that tho President's position ? Mr. COVODE caused his resolution to be read, and with all p^cticable dispatch. In obedience to these or- hundftd men on board. I removed from her fifty men Miramon and his troops b»*% raised the seige,to the act or aciv^ °^ Congress wh*'ch he cotight to ar»Q they have a right to do so without any charge. jection the President makes. coast, ai»* *° r e Po r t to you the result of these inquiries as possible. I have said that the Gen. Miramon had a« age, or other imprt>Vis bounded by no such limits; it extends to the whole we are to refer anything ? Wo refer to a Select Com- been a charge made against the President. The Pres- on board of ekV<3n °* which I placed a detachment of my ship. But it is possible that I shall never knowcircle of legislation, to interference "for or against the mittee if we choose; to a Standing Committee, if we ident himself had made a charge and my wish was to about thirty-five nianand marines, in case they might what number of men she had on board, as some To tfee Associated Press." passage of any law appertaining to the rights of any choose; to a single Member, if we choose, and the investigate the matter*, and ascertain who was guilty. go into shoal wat, % where my ship, with her large escaped in a boat to the shore just before she was" State or Territory." And what law does not apper Projident has no right to say nay. Any Committee Now, Mr. Speaker in regard to thiB matter, we draught, could not i,'*»"ew and communicate with them. boarded. There may have been more, there may havetain to the rights of some State or Territory? An1 we chooso to appoint, we do appoint, comprising mem- had testimony on a previous occasion, that induced Tne detachment on V o a r d t i i e Wave was commanded been less, than one hundred on board. Thave saidwhat law or laws has tro President failed to execute,? bers of all political parties, to examine into the truth us to believe that the President himself was privy to by Lieut. Joel B. S. "L^raa** of the Savannah, ac- that the pivot gun of the Marquis of Habana was aThese might easily have been pointed outz had any of the matter; and when that Committee reports to us, the use of money in Pennsylvania. Wo' have testi- companied by Mtdshipma n w " " a m C. Whittle, jr.-, of 24-poTJLuder; it may have' been a thirty-two. I do not has put into Berwick Bay, short o9 foaL She such existed. we then ourselves ascertain whether the accusation is mony now, and I can bring it forward on1 thisfloor, the Preble. That of the In dianola was commanded by wish to overrate or underrate the armament of these comes here for supplies and ammom& on. TheHad Mr. Lawless asked an inquiry to be made by the well or il) founded, and not before. I have said more that the President handed oyer a letter for such pur- Lieut. Andrew Bryson of tv.^e corvette Preble, accom- veBsels. O H my arrival here from Anton Lizardo, myJudiciary, with leave to report at any time, by bill or miles distant, where I expected to fi. them. About these vessels. I herewith inclose depositions of the warrants, there has been no such "proceeding in En- Committee has agreed to send to the President a copychildren in the Cattle. The bombardment w&sumed the same day with renewed vigor; agland. The House of Representatives, the nigh im- otherwise. . <• of the printed testimony, a3 taken before it in order to midnight two large vessels were repon *d a*aa^D0.r ®* First Lieutenant, of the Purser, of the orderly ser- ? >m£peaching power of the country, without consenting to Mr. BOCOCK (Dem., Va.)—Inasmuch as I was the give him an opportunity to rep?y, and bring forward Anton Lizardo. I stood directly for tht . I had di- geant, and of the marine guard of this ship, who werehear a word^of explanation, have indorsed this accu- member af this House who asked that that message be rebutting testimony in reply, if be has it. [Laughter.] rected my pilot to anchor me immediately between all in the poop during the action, as to the fact that much damage. One hotnb burst iothe Araen <*»n sation against the President, and male it their own taken up, the usual parliamentary courtesy would have W e have already'in evidence, Mr.- Speaker—but I do the two vessels. • At the moment when 1 ^,ad nearly the Marquis of Habana fired musketry during tbo en- Consulate, which seemed an especia?mark fori Mi-act. Th*>y even rafuj«e to permit a member to inquire extended to me the privilege of the floor to make not know as it is proper to bring it out here. (Voices reached this point, and the tow was cast oi. , both the gagement; and also the certificate of Reuben Apple- 1 of the President's accuser wbat were the specific the motion upon it. I do not say this in a spirit from the Democratic side, " Yes," «*Yee,"•>"Out with little steamers being ahead of me, they haileu »and re- gate to a conversation with the engineer of the Mar- ramon. Another assault was attempted en-to*°charges against him. Thus, in this preliminary accusa- of eompla^nt, oecause I know the Speaker of the it."] ported that the larger steamer of the two was* under quis of Habana, who died of his wounds.- I find, in night of the 39th,' fait was quickly repulsed.tion of " high crime8 and misdemeanors" against a co- House is not aware of the usual rules; but other Mr. BRABSON (Dem., Term.), interrupting—The way, and endeavoring to escape through the soi tthera the haste with which I have written this communica-ordinate branch of the Government under the impeach- members know, aad none better than the issue is a great one. We cannot understand it, till it passage. I hailed, and ordered them to pursue nlfn; tion, that I have committed the mistake of saying thating power, the House refused to hear a single sugges- gentleman .from Ohio, that the member who is examined. I therefore move, if it be in order, that and to get on board if possible, as I was orderec to I had placed 35 men on board the W ave; thatvesael wagons, loaded with murritions and provision^ antAthe whole subject be postponed till this day week. communicate with the senior officer, who I suppos< id Mr. COX (Dem., O.)—I object to this interruption. was on board this vessel. At the same moment TMr. COVODE proceeded. We have it in evidence fired a shot ahead of him, to bring him to. As soon as •In the institntion of a prosecution for any otfeuse, 'Ohio has bad to make the remarks he has made, and already before the Committee. they got close to him, which was but a few moments,had on board only 19 men.tion even in regard to ^he correct mode of proceeding; hrings up, or calls forward a proposition, ie the mem- but without a moment's delay, passed accusatory res- ber entitled to make the motion upon it. I do- not ob-from $'200 to $400 in specie, near Jalaps, dej&cedft OFF VERA CRUZ, Mexico, March 11,1860. J for Miramon's armyrand dispersed the* guard'of£ Sue: I had the honor of forwarding a communica- 700 men. Miramon raised the siege oothe'25.84^'-olutions under the pressnrc of the previous question. ject, however, to the opportunity the gentleman ofagainst the moet hncable citizen, and 1 claim for my- I intend to submit a very few words in reply, iu a Mr. BRANCH (interrupting)—I rise to a point of to my extreme astonishment, he opened a heavy fire tion to you on the 3d instant, by the English mailself no greater rights than he enjoys, the Constitution spirit, I hope, of calmness, dispassionate courtesy, and order. The Chairman of the Committee has no right of great guns and musketry upon them; and it was ai Earner, in which I stated that the English Govern- and withdrew toward the capital.of the United States and of the several States require that he shall be informed in the very beginning of the nature and cause of the accusation against him, in order to enable him to prepare for his defense.dignity becoming the occasion. This is an important to divulge upon this floor any cxparte statements or reported to me at the same time that the other steamer m e n t was trying to effect an armistice between the CITY OF MEXICO, March 18.18(50, Message, calculated to excite a great deal of atten- testimony. was slipping her cable. I immediately gave him a | cor. "tending parties in Mexico. Since then I have been After the capture of Marin's steamers, Hiramenrtion and discussion in the country. It is a grave, Mr. COVODE—Oh, I withdraw that, and will say broadside, as I had not the remotest doubt of his be- informed that Miramon has made proposals, whichcareful, important Message. I hope the members instead, that I have the best reason in the world to be- ing in complicity with and under the orders of the offi- have been rejected as inadmissible by this Government. sent a decree to the capital, confiscating all'Ameri- There are other piinciples, which I might enumerate, of the House of [Representatives will come up to its lieve that the President himself was consulted in re- cer of the other steamer; and I was afraid he would I baAT© not been able to ascertain if they have made can property, and ordering Americans to fce' seai*•not less sacred, presenting an impenetrable shield'to consideration in a spirit worthy of the occasion. Mr. gard to the use of money in Pennsylvania; and imme- go to his assistance, in which case I should have been airy cc-'nnter proposition. On the 3d instant Gen. Mir-protect every citizen falsely charged with a criminal Speaker, permit me to say that when the resolution diately after the consultation, his emissaries went obliged to recall my vessels or to have witnessed their amon, .havingarrived at Medeline, I sent Commander out of the country. offense. Tbe«»e have be*n violated in the prosecution was submitted by the gentleman from Pennsylvania forth to Pennsylvania loaded with money to be used capture or destruction; and as he had had the audacity Turner, with the permission of this Government, toinstituted by the House of Representatives against the Executive branch of the Government. Shall the Preai- -dent alcne b* deprived of the protection of the«c grent principles, which prevail in every land whore a ray of liberty penetrates the gloom of despotism? Shall the Executive alone be deprived of the rights which all hi«fellow-citizens enjoy ? The whole proceeding against bottom of these investigations. I arose at the time sage, he immediately changed his coarse, put his head Mr. W1NSL0W (Dem., N. C.)—The President to the northward, and passed insido of me to gain the him justifies the fears of those -wise and great men, to explain my position, but the gentleman from makes no objection whatever to the latter bran jh of northern passage, and to keep out of the way of my who, before the Constitution was adopted by tho States, Pennsylvania insisted upon the rule of the previous the inquiry. Hej objects to the first charge; that it guns, followed by my vessels, warmly engaged withapprehended that the tendency of the Government was question being enforced, to prevent my speaking, does not bring against him distinct allegations, but in- him all the time. He was evidently toolast for and wasto the aggrandizement of the Legislative at the expeuse and I contented myself with'saying I would vote •of the Executive and Judicial Departments. against the resolution, and would give my reasonsI again declare emphatically that I make this protest for it at a future time. I voted against it, Mr.for no reason personal to mj s*If, and I do it with perfect respect for the House of Representatives, in which I had the honor of serving for five successive terms. I havelived long in this goodly land, and have enjoyed all the "•offices and honors which my country could .bestow. Amid all the political storms through which I have passed, the present is the first attempt which has ever T^een made, to my knowledge, to assail my personal orSpeaker, for reasons shadowed forth by the Pres- XXXTVth Congreee, were expelled on just as general ger to my vessels, as they were all'- together. Tire teen miles to the northward of this, without any colors(Mr. Covode) th<> other day, I found myself placed in a very awkward condition. It is aways disagreea- ble to any man to vote against investiga- tion, because the country does not always under-Mr. BRANCH—I rise to a point of order, and aBk tie46panish flag- as soon as I.fired. In the meantime ernment \ vithdrew the exequatur from Mr. B. B. I. Special XMsp&cch to The N. Y. Trffcoae.protected me against the shafts of falsehood aud gaged in criminal prosecutions—do you allow Grand Eut in my protest against this document the President could be distinctly seen by our glasses.malice will not desert me now when I have become Juries lo ask questions of this nature? I say, no. In as sent here. It is not a communication contem-" old and gray-headed." I etui declare before God the name of law, in the name of justice, ana in the plated by the Constitution or the United States; and, I now return to the steamer anchored close to mo.and my con&try that no human being, with an excep- name of common sense you do not. What then do if I had been here when it was read, I should have While the engagement continued between the other as possible, and I have ordered Commander Jenkins, of greeted with a grand serenade thiB evoning.tion scarcely worthy of notice, has, at any period of you do ? You require e specific allegation. You re- protested against its reception. I t is not a communi- vessels, and at the moment that they-were passing this the Preble, who will accompany them with the priso- my life, dared to approach me with a corrupt or dis- quire a man to say that he believes that this man he cation in regard to the state of the Union, but an in- ship, the First Lieutenant who was on the poop called ners, after delivering the steamers to the U. S. Mar- honorable proposition, and, until recent developments, accused did, at a csrtain time, or within certain lim- terference with a legislative branch of the United to me to say that this steamer was firing masquetry. shal, to take the prize crews on board his vessels, and it had never entered into my imagination that any3?i&ila«leipliia F u g i t i v e £Ia*:c Case* PHILADELPHIA, Thursday, Mareh 29, 1H50."tions between the President and themselves, incapable, specific," " Thev were specific "from their nature, of being disproved—thus furnishing Mr. BOCOCK—Those accusations, according to myseminate useful information, just tho same as mission-it was a great outrage, for which he would have tothis power, except by impeachment. How, then, shall we found an impeachment?—how tike the pre- liminary proof?—how ascertain whether an officer has violated his duty or not ? W e can do so only by examining and investigating. There is no other wav. It is only by taking testimony, by examining, by mquiring, tl at you can ascertain whether or not any officer of this Government has violated his dnty. How else ? Would the President of theUnited States have US' found an impeachment uponjaext rumors, roarirg through .your streets, audinthenewspapers7 No! Theverynecessityofthecase implies that we have the power to inveetigar^eI remarked, in conclusion, that I was happy to takeduct of our own members, and Senators, and swry- hody ehe, and. sh^li the President escape ? Why, Mr. Speaker, at the last session, and indeed at almost every session, the conduct of some Executive oificer has been inquired into. What distinction is there between the President and any member of this House ? Ho not I stand, as to my constitu- tional right as the representative of one hundredMr. COVODE (Rep.,Penn.)—If thogeutleman from Douglas view of Slavery in the Territories. He ad- board, or of his being on board, until his condition^dis- Virginia proposes to make a motion to lay upon the vocated his nomination for the Presidency, and said cl.o.".cd it, when he tent him to me.table, I desire first to say that in that resolution which that if he was selected he would carry every Southern On our part, I am gladto be able to report to you the hasbfen referred to I did not make the charge. The State. There was not a disunionist North or South small loss our vessels sustained in this engagement. I President himself made the charge, in his notorious who is the advocate of Douglas. His friends will have had but one man mortally wounded, who is still Pittsburgh letter, that money had been used-in Penn- meet the cry of disunion at Charleston. alive; one seriously,-and several slightly. This is theSpires.EXKT3*, N. 11., Thursday- MarshS*; 188J.He made the charge, and not I.thousand people, as high aa the President. I have. Mr. CLARK (Dem., Miss.) asked that Mr. Covode'so .-•••F r o m Pi&c'a I*ealc. LEAVENWORTH, K. T., Friday, March 20,1860.to three-quarters, of an hour, and tho firing was inces- sant during that time. But it muet be romembored that it was at night. On the part of these people, theTM ^ \ Oiu.EAN-s,Thui>dav5 March 2*i, 1SG0.the same constitutional right, no more and no lees. resolution be read.its, do a certain thing which is a crime. And yon ask States, and I enter my protest against it. It is withg I directed again a division of guns to be given him, proceed to Peneacola for provisions. I have been un-A hearing was had this morning before Judge* person, even in tho storm of exasperated political ex- the witness in relation to that particular act alone. out precedent, without authority of Constitution, and which was done. I tli6n hailed and ordered him on der the necessity of employing a part of the Engineers, Aliieon and Thompson upon the writ cf- hobeas corpuer- citement, would charge me, in the most* remote de- Now, Sir, if the gentleman from Pennsylvania had an interference with our Constitutional power, and board, saying if he did not instantly come on board I firemen, etc;, belonging to the two steamers, to carry granted in the fugitive-slave ca«e. The- return upon tha writ by the United States Marshal was;.a long statement of the eircumstancee of the caee, concluding-gree, with having made such a proportion to any come forward, and said he had reason to believe that should not, have been received. would send a guard to bring him. He came on board, them to New-Orleans, and I have directed Commander human being. I may now, however, exclaim, in the tho President of the United States had been engaged Mr. BOCOCK resumed. It was not true that such and informed me, in answer to my.'inquiries, that his Jenkins to pay them for the time they may be em-language oi complaint employed by my first and in undertaking by corrupt means to force any particu- communications were without procedent. A distin- ship was the Marquis of Habana;. that he had beengreatest predeceator, tha1. I have been abnsed "in lar act through the Congress of the United States; if guished Democratic President, " Oid Hickory," sent employed by Capt. Marin, who commanded the other Navy of the United States.*' such exaggerated and indecent terms as coc^r* any particular form of that kind had been given to his va.a protest to the Senate against its action att'ecting ship to transport stores and munitiona of war, and that . This place is, at the present time, cloeely besieged tody of his claimant, in pursuance of an order oi the* " scarcely be applied to a .Nero, to a notorious de accusation, I should have been the last man on this bim. Tbo gentleman from Pennsylvania (Mr. Covode) he was Spanish. On the night, of the 6th inst. they attempted to carry i United States Court, and therefore, tna*; the respocient i" fanlter, or even to a common pickpocket." floor to vote against snch an investigation. In ordinary has not shown that this was not a vague and indefinite I do, therefore, for the reasous stated, and in the cases, you cannot commence proceedings against any inquiry.Mr. COVODE—I can't make it otherwise.In the mean time I had sent an officer to bring Capt. by storm, but were beaten off, and, from present ap ' could not produce the boy, aa ordered.Marin on board. As soon as he reached my cabin. I pearances, I think the same result will occur should After argument by George M. Wharton for thc» re- asked him how he had dared to fire upon my veseels. they again attempt it. From all I can learn they havo spondent, and Mr. Earl for the appellant for the writ,name of the people of the several States, solemnly man, except on the declaration or oath of some man, •protest against these proceedings of the House of Rep- tVat he has reason to believe that the person chargedas many troops in tbe c?t,y as the besieging party.I am, Sir, very icspoctfnllv, your obodient servant.' • - JOSEPH li. JAAV 16, Captain.To lion. ISAAC TOCCKY, Secretary of the Navy.SARATOGA, OFF VERA CKEZ, March 4, 1860.Capt. John R. Jarvis, Commanding United S.ates ship Sa- vaitnah.SIR; I have the honor to inform you that, in obe- contains a recommendation to contribute money to dis- it impossible to control them. I observed to him that dience to your instructions, I proceeded yesterday toHe replied unhesitatingly, and in the presence of awitness, that when he observed myvesee'3 steamiug of a coordixate Executive branch of the Goveroment, Mr. SHERMAN (interrupting)—I want to refer the what he Has done. Does the use of money show cor- into the harbor, he had informed his crew that he was . and subversive of its constitutional independence; be- gentleman to the case of the XXXIVth Congress, ruption? The gentleman, with other party asso- sure they were American vessels-of-war, and posi-resentatives, because they are iu violation of the rights has been guilty of wrong in the particular named.cause they are calculated to foster a band of interested when the House expelled one of it3 own membersparasites and informers, ever ready to swear before uj>f n charges ro more specific.ex parte Committees to pretonded private uonversa- 'Voices on the Democratic Bide^—"The charges were Mr. KILGROVE of Ohio (Rep.) said the circular board, and not being yet properly disciplined, he foundMr. BOCOCK replied that the President has not pro- tested against what the gentleman cannot do, butJudge Aliieon stated that the iirst question to be-con- - sid&ied by the Court was whether the writ had.bden properly granted, as the statements in the return, dis-- cloeed. The facts were not known when the writ wae applied for and issued. The application only stated that the man was restrained of his liberty byJa.ccb.S-. • Yhost."Xt-now appears that when the writ was granted, -the prisoner was not in the custody of She Marshal, but. actually in the custody of the Circuit Court, a hearing of the case being in process. As the writ of habeae corona would not have been grantod had these facta beta known, he suggested' that the case shoiui be* . ai"»ued as if there was an application for the.writ-. Tho argument of the case was then postponed till Saturday.£Inion Party Convention.BOSTON, rbureday, March 29, lT&U The Constitution and Union Party Convenrion .was hold in tbis city to-day. Two liandred and tr^elviotowns-were represented.Th& Hon. Nathaniel Silsbee wa<* ejected Precidentrand addresses were delivered-by the PrcsidenL. Mar- ehall P . Wilder, Geo. S. Hillard, L. Everett Sttton- staH, and Geo. T. Curtis.Insolations calling on the conservative and patriotic men cf all parties to unite for putting down anp.tatioa and sectional din"erences, to check Government extrav- agance, to protect Home industry, and for a tljoxough. change iu the political affairs of the S: ate, were adopted.The, Convention elected a State Contral Ccusmitteo and a full list of district delegates to the Natieaal Con- yention at Baltimore, and also, the followiug d"eloga»-<»» . at large: Wm. Appleton of Boston, Col. .limes W* Sever of BoEton; the substitutes are Joeeph»Grinnell of New-Bedford, the Hon. Iocre^se Sumner of Grojtt Barringfon. Tho namoa of Sdward Everet^aad John. J. Crhtenden were prominently mentioned i* the $oa-»- vention'-iu connection with t&e Presidency.Kailroad Consolidation. CINCINNA TI, Thursday, March 29, 1%0.The stockholders of the-Little A3aint RMlroad have- Voted in favor of consolidating its «arninK» withf>tho*e* of the Cincinnati, Hamilton and C»yton 1*N*Lm.Wo X«c Off Ufewf*»un<2iau<3..ST. JoHKta, N. P»i Wednefiiay, March 2eV.186Q<No ice has yet been wen in tiis vicinity, and there Ms? back such a reply, which could not fail to be satisfac-. no probability of an? difficulty from..that oanse ikia. tory to my commanding officer, and thus ended the season. None of tho. fleet of sealing vessela-hayc^yo^official part of ray intercourse. In his deportment- arrived. .ciates, has, in a secret circular, called on friends tocontribute monev for the use of the Republican party. of various nations, having been but recently taken ontbe beadqusrters-of Gen. Miramon, in the town of Medelene, about four leagues distant. Immediately m my arrival, I dispatched a messenger to him, to* an- nounce my presence in the town, and _to say " that, having in charge a communication from " yourself, I should be glad to know at what hour- ho " would be pleased to receive mo." I was informed in reply that he would receive me at once. Without IOFS of time, I repaired to his lodgings, where I was received by him, accompanied•successors, to whatever political party they might l/e of Pennsylvania^ or any other civilized land, President, should happen to know of the use of money, not poeitive as to the caliber of her guns. Supposing tice. I informed him that I had been instructed tomaterial fcr harassing bim, degrading him. in the eyes reccllecticnj were specific, aid they were express. ary societies raise money to send Bibles to the heathen. answer, and which he pretended most deeply to regret.of the country, and eventually, should he be a weitfc They were reduced to that form, at any rate, beforeor timid maa, rendering him subservient to improper thft gentleman was required to answer them.[Laughter on the Republican side.] All of which I knew to be untrue, because during the Mr. BOCOCK replied: but the object was to send action he was distinctly heard calling upon his men toinfluences, in order to avoid such persecutions and an- Mr. BOCOCK—The sum and substance of your out false Bibles, false doctrines and false prophets. It board with him. You will perceive how allthis con-noyances; because they tend to destroy that harmoni- proposition is that the Grand Juror of Pennsylvaniaous action for the common good which ought to be can act as a witness. That is all it amounts to. If hemaintained, and which I sincerely desire to cherish knows of any express eriroinr-1 act he can depose to it between the coordinate branches of the Government; upon oa:h, and upon that a bill may be found against and finally, because, if unresisted, they would estab- the person charged. But I say to the gentleman from lish a precedent dangerous and embarrassing to all my Peniit'plvariia that you cannot, before a Grand Jurywas reserved for the generous and portly gentleman flicts with the accompanying depositions of four of his from Indiana to come forward and take the defense of crew. It only remains"for me to speak of the forcethis matter. The gentleman was the very one who re- and armament of these vessels, as far as I have been quired of his candidate for Public Printer that the prof- able to ascertaiu it. The larger steamer,' called theattached. JAMKS BUCHAXA.V.call up a witness and ask him whether hethen it is WTong and there must ba sweeping charges that, she would follow me yesterday, Iexpectodto have made against him. been able to give a more minute account of her, but sheMr. HASK1N (A^-L. Dem., N. Y.)—I ri*e to a point, is still aground. The Marquis of Habana carries also of order. I insist, Mr. Speaker, that this subject, in one pivot and two broadside guns, with about seventyeaytq_him "that, having been sent to this coast for the exclusive purpose of affording protection to the persons and property of American citizens, as the senior officer present, you had felt yourself bound at tho earliest moment of his appearance before Vera Cruz to ascertain from him distinctly what were his intentions in respect, to the pe^sonsand property of American citizenB in that city, in the event of his taking it.'He replied without hesitation that, "as in the caso of all foreigners, he should respect them and it, aud should afford to both American citizens and their property all the protection which it was in his power tO {i'lVp." ' .Then said: "Having received this assurance, Sic, I am further instructed bv Capt. Jarvis to say that in your attack upon the city, and in the event of your gaining possession of it, no will cause to be hoisted, at tlie flag-staff of each house covering American citi/.eus and property, the flag of the United States, in order that,-n8 far as it was possible, they and it might be preserved from danger and damage by bombardment, and to insure to tho occupants of those residences that respect on the part of your troops with which you have yourself expressed yourtdetermination to regard them."He replied: " That he concurred iu the wisdom and necessity of such an arrangement; should bear it in mind, and hoped that it would be effectual in preserv- ing them from harm and danger."knows of any wrong done by any particular indi- Mr. SHERMAN (Rep., O.)—The President of the vidual. You must direct bis attention to some specificWaihmvtcm, March 28,18C0.United States has made, for the first time in our politi- c<*8e before you can force the witneso to testify.cal history, an ieeue with this House as to its Constitu- Why, Sir, what would be the condition of things if the way it has been discussed, is unworthy of the dig- persons on board. Her pivot gun is a heavy 24-ponnder. tional powers. I am willing to give that coimnunie<>- this were not so ? Why, Sir, co allow the Grand Jury nity of this body, and the . occafeion has called for it—a •The captain of this last vet-Eel throw overboard lar^etion all the consideration its importance demands. I am willing that this House should now resolve itself into a Committee, and proceed to consider'whether or not it has power to investigate anything that may be done by any branch of the Executive of thi3 Gov- ernment. Because, if thi3 high privilege set up by the President is the true one, it will extend to every subordinate under him. Mr. Speaker, the Constitu- tion of the United States declares that the President, or any civil officer of the United States, shall he re-anoved from office after conviction by impeachmentfor treason, Or other high crime or "misuen:eanor. Italso declares that this House has the sole power ofimpeaching. Under these two clauses tho House hasmessage from the President of the United States. To quantities of ammunition, much of which was. picked descend, on this floor to-doy, when we are not in up floating in the harbor by my boats, in chests and Committee of the Whole on the. state of the kegs. When he was taken possession of, his guns Union, into a discussion- of city party politics, were all dismounted, and were lying upon the deck byto go out and inquire against every man in the com-x»unity. To inquire of witnesses if they know ofanythirlg wrong done by any man, would be mon-e'rous. "By what right "or title would we hold ourreputations, our liberty, aye, or our lives ? Well, Sir, is not, in my judgmeat, in order. The motion is' to the pide of the carriages, which I have no doubt wasrefer this "communication, this plea of abate- done after; he found he was captured, and before I ment to the jurisdiction of the Houfe of Rep- could get a boat on board of hi3?.. Tie assumes to bewill you not extend to the President of the UnitedStates the same measure of justice ? If gentlemenare opposed to him politically, let them rememberthat be is yet l^epirieut of the nation. He is en-dowed by the majority of the people of the United insist that the only question now properly before the of his having any guns on board. Yet his armament is States with the dignity of the highest office, not House is the question of reference to the Judisiary snch as I have reported it, and there i3 not a doubtpreseutatives, is presented by t h e President of the an unarmed voseel; and his papers of clearance, which United States to.the Committee ofthe-Judieiary, and I I herewith inclose, made out at Havana, do not speakCommittee on this subject of the legislative power of this body, which has thus been insulted by this Napo- leonic decree of the President of the United States.that his vessel was equipped at Havana as apart of the force with which Capt. Marin was to act on this coast. It now becomes my painful duty to speak of a cir- cumstanco which has occasioned me the deepest con-President injustice. His complaint is that s weeping man in humble acknowledgement for his lecture on a person very badly wounded, dressed in citizen's declarations are made against him. The resolution is the dignity oi this Houso. [Laughter on the Demo- dress. Upon inquiry, I was informed it was Gen. to inquirowhether any officer has used corrupt means cratic side, and a voice, "Good."] Leave of the Mexican army. Immediately I had him to procure the passage of any bill. The gentleman He asked whether it was an injury to the President taken to my cabin. It seems by hi3 own account, as from Pennsylvania did not say even that he had good to bring forward, loose, vague and indefinite charges ? he related it to me, that ad I was about leaving Vera reason to believe there was any ground for such an Was that no punishment ? The President has denied Crnx,.he was sent off to the Indianola by his Govern- inquiry. He not only did not commit himself on oath the sweeping allegations. He moved the postpone- ment, to obtain some information as to my movements, —he did not commit himself on honor—that there was ment of the question. and that in the hurry andcoufusion ingesting and tow- fraud to be 5nqnir<?d into. Now, Sir, this being the On motion of Mr. SHERMAN, the message was re- ing out, his boat left him. The officers commanding fact of the case, then we most remember that the Pres- ferred to the Judiciary Committee, with leave, to re- these vessels had been particularly instructed by me to ident, as a coordinate branch of this Government, pert at any time. allow no strangers, or others than Americans, to ro- hasrightsgiventohimbythepeople,asdeartothem Mr.SHERMAN,theChairman'ofthat Committee, mainonboard—nobnobuttheircrows,engineers,and a« curs to ns. Onght he not to stand up for the rights of aid that an early report would be made, and a fair firemen. As these were all strangors, the officer in the people whom lie represents. I eav, ought not the opportunity allowed for discussion. command conld not distinguish between them andonly in the land, buj in the world. He represents the highest oflice in t'>e world, and if not for bis own sake, for the sake of the dignity and honor of the country, gentlemen »hould extend to him the same measure ofMr. BOCOCK replied that those remarks came ap-the House. The President says we caunot exorcise citixeD in trie land. The gentleman from Ohio doe3 the acted as a Republican ally. He bowed to the gentle- ment, a boat came alongside from the Indianola, withpower to investigate anything. Every m&n is subjectto this, from the President down to the page3 of fair dealing that they would to any other—the humblest propriately from one who had declared that he had cern and regr«t. About two hours after, the engage-these ourselves. When we see the President impli-cated iu grave and serious transactions, we have » President, in the name of the people he represents^ tc Mr. SHERMAN, from the Comniittae on Ways and oilier strange persons on board, and did not know thattowardme,Cen.Miramonwas graveandreserved, but respectful and courteous. On the other hand, Gun.. Robles received and treatad me with the greatest cor-Tbe Caitsadiai*Parliament. Quince, Thursday, M*rcJs*29, l^Mh,right, in this Houee, to inquire into the truth of those come forward to defend the rights of that high office, Means, reported the Consular and Diplomatic bi:L he was on board until ha saw him.wounded. Imme- things; and if we find them true, it is our duty to im- and pTf;Rejwe them unimpaired 1 Now, Sir, it was my The House then went into Committee of the Whole diattly on my arrival here, I"sent him in a cot to the peach the President, turd send the 'accusation to the intention, if 1 had bad the floor, to move the message on the State of the Union on the Deficiency bill. castle, where he now is. This officer, Lieut. Bryson, Senate, and not without. W e examine into the con- be laid on the table and printed. Mr. MONTGOMERY made a speech in favor of the is not to blame. He knew nothing: of his coming onThe GovenimonJ l^t ni'jht aunouTicQd ita mieJctsMi. diality and kindness during my entire interview. On to repeal the duty on book;*, wh:cb/was inspo*od.<l|URiagsylvania. I stepped forward to see how it was used.The Committee here rose, and tho House adjourned. more remarkable, as the engagement lasted from a halfThompson v clothing. :vvAnd so of every officer of this Government. Tirero is Mr..GROW (Rep., Penn.)—I agree with the gentle- The Overland Express, from Denver 15th inst., loss was much more severe. Twelve were brougM ondoctrine under which Europe has been governed for a. ordinate department of the Government, and all suchthousand y#ars—the doctrine that " tne King can do questions are importantj and should be settled calmlynowrong."That:sthemotto;theKngcannotbe andwithdeliberation,inviowoftheconstitutionalexecuted, becaus« tho King can do no wrong. Charles rights of each co-ordinate department of Government.I. went to the block because the people bePeved he If this House proposed an impeachment of the Presi- was not above all lawJ, snd so Louis X VI. was alio dent by one of its Committees, the President'sexecuted. Why, Mr. Speaker, the doctrines set"up by plea would have been correct. They have no • the Prtdident oi the United States in this message are power to impeach. This House must present the the very worst, in my judgement, ever set up eiace impeachment, and the Senate must try it. But tothe foundation of the government. investigate where and by what authority money hasMr. CBAIGE (Dem., N. C.)—It rtrikes me the ar- be4«n need improperly, is a question belonging to the?ument of the gentleman is a most extraordinary one. Witt it no penalty or punishment, lor the ConstitutionSummer & Doreeett's livery-stable, at Denver, was frhore. The wounds in almost every case, being by The W e lull was filled to. overawing, and the Lous?S\W0, which is uninsured. burned on the 18th. Loss small. Minid ritle ballots, are very severe. I should nave greatest entkuBiasm prevailed among the assembly."he President does not deny the power of the House provides for that. If -your-Committee should ascertain to inquire into his conduct, and therefore the argument that the President has been guilty of a violation otpeople, here represented. The investigation carriesoThe'Prize Steamers labeled. with what confidence I could depend upon thorn it my with the returning Bereaus, who came oack merely toAdvicesfromtheBlueRiverdiggingsandtheSouth TcmaijjcdatAntonLizawlo,untiltheGeneralMiramon Fork report continued heavy snows. was got afloat, but the Doctor requested ma to como • Flour was worth $25-per 100 pounds at Denver,-and up «t «ncc with the wounded, whom he saiilit was im-VirginiaIPolitic** PKXHK.mu'Ko, Thursday, Majroh 29, ISO;.FROMMATANZAS,—ThescrewetsanatihipMatau'.u*, Lieso«<8ng,iroin Siatanxas Mai-ch 24,wi& merchandise and pa*K-ngtr« lo Moa-a Brothers, Navarro &;Co..scarce.At the Democratic Convwntion tor the Fourth Dis-I cannot dose thi3 dispatch, Sir, without expressing trict, the delegates elected to Chaxlestoii were ^nikiiy airived hero last night. The following is a list <jf herR a i l r o a d B i l l V e t o e d .ST. LOUIS, Thurtday, March 29, 1SG0.my oxtrtniM smtiirfacliion with the conduct of all tho ofliceTB and men of the expedition. My own officers aiMl men, who, unfortunately, had but a Bmall share In the engagement, by their alactrity, activity, and prompt- itude to obey and execute ordera, taught sae to feeldivided between Wise and Huntor.Tlie Kcntuicfcy Excitement.LoursvuLjK, Thursday, MarcU i>9 i860. Tlie Hanson affair arose from some s l ^ h t difficultypasse njs'eru:Mr». Ljdiu Llcsogaag, 2 daughters aud son, Mrs. f w « Mar- phy.'Jowph K»ielit.' Ci«rl<M Kuight, li. \V. Powers, K. F. fovr- <•!•», Patrick Kerb, HQWW.I1 UtwJi;, K. Vsai Tasutal, \ , i'oUvi, A- Fitzgerald, M. Gonmles, C. Cistlahsw, 1st. Callahan.• / si ' " • i ••Governor Steward has vetoed tho Railroad bill ro- centlv passed by the Legislature.NKW-Onr.KAKs, Thursday, March 29, i860. ship should at any time be called to defoad the honor difcpose of their Kentucky property, v^thout intsndiu*falls to the ground. Jt is only as to the node. Ho duty, your Committer would simply report the fact to beled by tho Uritod States MawU'Alv The. prisoners onv officer and men on board nheIndianola and Waye^ Lexington for cannon and balls,, This created an Kiv„ Points, by * *.»U« in tlie hands of JB«»jsmij» Taylor. *admits the House has a right to hnpeftch, but he denies 1the justice of p i l i n g his accusers on the Committee to the He use, and unless the House proceed to impeach, are being examlued.On their pan it was a brilliant a»air. I have omittedexoifoment, but uU ie now quiet.co\ored nvan. Mol)<nj*Ulvn«i, taken to th-» Hospital, %ud.*"»jti>< vrv* locked rp in tho Sixth \Vard.StaUou>iT<;u>..s , ,t h e same time to induce them to do so. They were* ? evidently confederates, as they were hove to for some the time the Gen. Miramon was taken, a boat escaped * time communicating with each other. After several from her to the shore, said to contain officers of Gen.tively forbid them to fire; but that it was a.mixed crewits shuuld. be divided for tho benefit of his party. General Mii-amon, carried two broadside, one pivot, and(Laughter from the Democratic side.] But if the several howitzers, with a crew of about 100 men. I am by Gen. Robles, and Gen. Diaz, his Minister of Jus-possible to mttve to any other vessel.nd,JJ re_ou3against us in that election. to fire into me without any provocation whatever, I communicate with him, and I herewith inclose Com. T9ie Case of €?ri£nmina. was determined! to seize- him if I could. He ran up Turner's . report to me. On the 4th instant, this Gov-whether he is not stating evi<5ence ? the larger steamer was hotly engaged with the forces Twyman, American Consul, for good and' substantialMr. COVODE—The President shall have an oppor- onboard my two little steamers m a running fight. reasons, thej' say. The whole of the facts, I pueaume,ALBANY, Thursday, March 29,1350. Very strong and determined efforts havo been madar to induce the Governor to respite Crimmias, who1 ft to*stand those technical poiuts which gentlemen may tunitv of reading every line of that testimony, and Finding that ho could not get out of the southern pas- raise, and the Constitutional, grounds which lie at the introducing rebutting evidence. [Laughter.]will be reported to the State Department by the Lega-tion here. A t the request of the Secretary of Lega-tion, I have g/ven Lieut. Meire of the Marine Corps be executed in New-York, oa Friday, for twenty* permission to aoeept, for the time being, of an appoint- days, which he positively refebco to do.ment from him of Vice-Consul, which, I trust, winmeet your approbation.stitutes an inquisition of this Houee to make general irquiriee.The Pro-Rata bill was ordered to-a third reading in » ident of the United States in this Message. I say resolutions. [Here Mr..-Covode • read the resolution chase/was continued in the midst of a hot lire on either flying. Aft6r lying there seme time, they got under the Senate to-night, and comes up on its finai passage*•the gentleman from Ohio has mistaken the ground authorizing the Tariff Investigation of the XXXIVth side.' I could not but admire, at-this moment, the dar- way and proceeded to-the southward and eastward. at 12 o'clock to-morrow.upon which the President bases his protest. Congress.] I! have felt an interest investigating ing gallantry of th«>pe fine fellows contending with so They paid no attention to the flags on board of the Tbe Republican caucus to-night nominated ' Van.I n e President of the United States does not object to tb.is matter, for I felt the fact, as well as the Presi- superior a force. They elofced in upon and grappled men-of-war, nor to the castle, from which a g u n w a ^our inquiries against him with a view to impeachment. dent, that Pennsylvania had become the battle with him in spite of his efforts to-shake them oil". Find- fired to call their attention to the fact, They treated Djckfor Superintendent of Public Jbastrnotion, he-re--He asks only that we would treat him as we treat any aU with contempt, and proceeded to Anto Lizardo, ceiving 62 votes to 38 for the Hon. V . M: Rioay 3-'fot~ - citizen—the humblest in the land. Let me ask you, let ground of our people, and- our people were being ing it impossible to escape, I suppose ho-ran his veseelme ask the gentleman from Ohio, and every fair and corrupted by this UBOof money. I wanted to fol- onshore: at all events, pressed closely by them, she where, they came to anchor. Under these circ.im- Mr. Liltlefield, and 1 for Mr. Armstrong.official integrity, and this has been done as the time is impartial man in this House, if you desired to found a low it up, and detect the guilty party, and, if it grounded, which I was not aware of at the time. They stances I felt it my duty to ascertain who they were,•*.approaching when I shall voluntarily retire from the service of my country. I feel proudly conscious that there is no public act of my lif» which will not b*ar*$,the strictest ficruany. I defy all investigation. Nothing but the basest perjury can eully rny good name. I do not fear even this, becausecriminal allegation against, the humblest man, would falls upon iny party, let it fall. The'President, in his were then distant about a mile from my ship, and my and I therefore sent the United States ship Saratoga, N o n - A r r i v a r o i : -t&e Ara-toi^*- charge, of course intimates that cur party is guilty. -If anxiety was intense for their safety. I could afford Com. Turner, upon that duty. As . the wind was di-gaining upon them. As he shot ahead of them, I got aOn the 6th inst. two vessels, apparently of war, ap-account in my letter of this afternoon, passed trie As- sembly this evening, by votes ranging from 36 to 93.gun to bear upon him, and shot away his srnpke-stack.Mr. COVODE—Members of the House, of the 1 found now that it was impossible to Use without dan- peared at anchor oiTAntigua, a small place about four- jyou allow a sweeping and raking inquiry ? Would you so, let it be known, and if the President can make it them no possible aid. My three largest cutters were rectly .ahead, I availed myself of the offers of two SANT>Y HOOK, Thursday, March 29—12 pvcu allow a Grand Jury to call witnesses"and sayto them, appear that he is clear, he will atasid in a better posi- inboard, and before I could have manned my boats small steamers to take bim in tow. For further par- No signs of tho Arabia. Jwiad fresh W.'g.-W:"Do you know whether this man was guilty,of any thing tion before the country than he does now; and ho'witl and got to'them, the affair would have been ended. I ticulars of tbe unfortunate occurrence that took place wrong in relation to anything in the whole circle of be indebted to me for the opportunity to sst himself was not, however, kept long in suspense,, for almost 8fterward, I must refer you to Capt. Turner's report.Weather hazy offshore.j cherish an humble confidence that the crime ? Do you do that iu Pennsylvania ? Do you right. [Great laughter.] . immediately I heard three cheers, and-was informed If do not see how it was possible for Commander GraciousBeingwhoha3hithertodefendedand doitinOhio?Doyoudoit,gentlemen,whoareen- Mr.C0RTT8(Iowa,Rep.)—Iwish,Mr.Speaker,tothattheywereboarding,heroverthebows,whichTurnertodootherwisethanhe-did;andIthinkthatM a y o r a l t y ffomiimtioii. • PurLADEr-rurA, Thursday, March 29, l «0.'TH'E'KMKKAUAIN.—Wra. McDonalad was dangw The prize steamers Miramou and Murquoz were li- of our flHg. 1 have already spoken of the conductor to remain. Some of the alarmed K <rtituckiana b o n t to ou»ty stabb«d its the left temple, last night, -At»low den on ts»Untitled DocumentuUNITED STATES SHII» SAVANNAH, 7he and the other officers deserve great credit for theirThe People's City Convention, uominated. IS&yor I shall send the two steamers to New-Orleans as soon He*iry for reelection on the •first ballot. Ho'^wawpromptness in defending their flag.ployed at the'same rate as is paid for their grade in thewith tho information that before tho eerviee of tholeaving, I said to him that 1 desired to^remain in the the last session oQ Parliament.town until the cool of the evening for my return, andthat I had several communications from persons inVera Cruz to members of their families, who had takaarefuge in Medelene, ^biea'I should like to deliver. Boreplied: " Go where you please, Btayas long aa you" like, and denvor what von have to whomsoever-you lage lasi ni«ht. Leas about $15,0yQ. Among; tbe" like," with which I too"k leave of him.Connecticut Pontes*-,, principal suffarers are S. H. Piper. <3cCo., dry goods; PcjJEg & Fellows, periodical dealers; Wru. L\ Mv>rrell, jeweler; GL Wheeler, moat market, aad Carter &.NKW-LOHDM, Thursday, March ®^I860.An immense Republican meeting TM beld-gt Law- atreot, was burned last night. Loss &>lk0t«; moetlrrence Hull, in this city, this evemng. The Hon. John nsurcd, *P Hale of'New-Hampshire addressed tha Uugest au • CoviNu-foN, Ky., Thursday, March 29, 1860.b NEW-ORLEANS, Thursday, Mart 29»I860.The steamer "Wave, from Tera- Crs»on the 22d,Caravajal's force captured' a convoy of fifteen':The sis Ciry Railroad bills,-of which I sent you -act'said writ the fugitive had been remanded to tkexua- -* . ** •—Several bujlJings were destroyed by lire in thr* vil-Messrs J*ell& Marsh's crockery store, o* Gravier•iir Thomas M. Tryniski 309 South 4th Street Fulton New York 13069www.fultonhistory.com 