 I •yNEWS FROM EUROPE.coast of the ocean to Santa Cruz, the tery eaifficieat for the^formation of aalabor met a uh a far mors abundant reward, aad instead Arrival of the Hammoaia at lew York, ot bonus; orerrKUtoa by a powerful artotocrscr, feudal""Art ?. rPe Majesty the KinTM of M* wMhhttae briefest period pnsathie, theAmerica at Boston, and Austra- lasian at Portland.ptre.the effect would be immense IT, it to Bain, there to nrithnr rstrVrtrn nor adequate annaad of laanriag either a caval or military supply, what to t b e r s t o p t e veal m a t e lurtowttiig in her onward course, sad ds'yfcg bar overhBarhig neighbor to 00 th« worstfIt to again and agala Mated that the Itenehi£«rtrment possest the moat accurate iaformatioa ot everythingUM ,tir was ontv known to too miuatoa. *n<» p^^oTrover^ent^ed fiercwy of ^ - r W Uttlaoe aesumed hy Prusala, who *•*•"?•, shoe the world thatshe wa.no longer J J ^ J g J M fe fcaEtruffVI It was whispered thst a »"^«.I«2MV toe army. or aa least of several corps, might bsthartiy „ P , X , n ? "provincial jouiaai, which to usually tooutbVto te tn 6 e conMecos of ministers, announced totl.eir power. . ..1his is a great profanation, aa the rights of others bare l -. n ut.trpec egaioat the law of uaiu.e end of God, everyTetuaa oa the Mto ot August, 18M.Art 4. As a just tademnfty for toe expenses of toe war,tbe deecyADVICESTO TflVRMHY,APRIL 1 2 ... r«ive on one side, with the greatest grlet, how saeUeto^iuid be all lurthM compaintB againat those whs, likeUVKBPO0L COTTON BABXJtTBTATX Or TBADatevacuate the said town aad territory.Art6 Atreatyofcommerceeballbeconcluded,b»which previouspriceswerebarer/f—.. .—VTHE ITALIAN QUESTIONS PXttE2nSorW<wh0 to looking remarkably well an! v<go£xSow"rive. about, It /observed In • gra, eoat K wsTa aaymc * the Great Napolwm, at St Helena, that toVttme wsVaot far utotaat when a coot ed hat and gray auriout uandled oa n +c* wtxiId set Europe ta flwnes. What these httto adjancts appeodod te tee person of ttw victor of SoUerlno ma> prodace we shall Pr *»^J"0 * soon caough Hit Majesty drove two days sgo to pay THE PEACE OF SPAIN WITH MOROCCO. a visit to poor General Uteu, who, 11may be remembered, received a ball In hi* grota in Ito iWiitn campaign, aad now lies m a precarious st*te. The Emperor ordl- aartry drivea at a pace which distances all compeuu>rs.tn ite examples of our illustrious pedeoessara, we exer- 1ieethatautberaywhichgivesoathepowertoloosensad t.. hind, in order to employ the aeaeasary severtty Bgatoat u . guilty, and to give a salutary example toi<»n«r«.Paving tovoktd the Hght of toe Holy Spirit ta privateThe Manchester market was qua*, and to seas mmTIE nmBULL OFEXCOIKHICATIOS.Art 7. To avoid, in future, eveaU like those toat aeea- 1 verendbiotoersthe Cardtoali of our holy Romish sweedthe present war, the represeatoUva of gnataat I urch, we declare, ta accordance with the • « « » ' » / _ Morocco may reside at Fez, or at the spot beat Baited for• clock (Ml evenirgThe Haatmooia, I " m Hamburg and Southampton withUM -n.ua u a pan*oner* o< me Borussto., arrived at this port yesterday fortxco* -he bncga sews to the 10thThe Aeetrals* an, fn.m l.?ver;,>ool oo the Uth, anl Queeastcwa cmtbe '.itftof AIM-.,, arnved at Portland a". Btx o'clock yesterday m«m ' -•The awns by tb*s* a-n>r» - t : w r days later.The "great Interna'* t.» V - t ' aUrv;tad much attoness d'iBirie, the Coattees Wal^wvfci, the Countess Cow ey, Lady Kukeby, Baroness Jamts ae RothschUd, Bar-^oees Alphonee dc Rothschild, Latiy Driiffe, &c. The ohjec.i of tho British InaUtution Is to secure the French capital against English i>auperism; in other words, to relieve such imtueaaio ttlaims as canbsrr..t ei^ect tt to be delayed beyond next That pi t Via will have to bear the chief brunt of the impending cot Diet is acknowledged on all hands; nor to It denied that it WIM u x her strength, her moral aim physical resources ic the utmost We shall be beat in the first battle, they ?.>•?, perbfis tn the second, but we shall not give in; a Pttssitn fckiliertno wi;l not be followed by a Prasstaiexcept ourselves or the Romish Pontiff then reigning, ex- divide the two armies. Tbe undersigned will give the < ,-vi at the moment of death, but net ta the event of their most peremptory orders to tbeir respective ermwa, and itcovery, whecthey are again subjected to tbe above severely chas'tse any one ontravening them Muley punishment, and are unable to receive any absolution, ua- Abbas engagea to prevent tbe hostilities of the Kabyles, i,i they bave retracted, revoked, annulled and abolished, aad If by chance they should nevertheless commit aay.e public, all they have committed, and have brought eve- be authorizes the Spanish army to chastise them, without rv ining bank full and efficiently to us former state, aad have the peace being considered to be thereby infringedUoa ta England AII ' » t-- i <-tati.icaiJon, Heenaa bait the part of France that English pa»p» nsm encumbers lU path Now ho* stands it wim rtcpeavo imeru-i?' "Hy, in reality and ta truth, and to give the full satis ion they owe to the Holy See, sad under no pretence \te e released and treed, but 10 always remain bound by Mil ihey are worthy to obtain the benefit of tt by ab-In connection with the letter of Lord Macaulay to Mr. Randall, of New York, which yen have published to the Star c4 this evening, you may perhaps think it worth while to iotert the roue wing extract from a speech of the same noble lord, delivered In the House of Commons oab e e s releaaed oo t>m of % *u<l H wa# beiiteve-1 thatthe fight woaii tekr pa•••• " i'1" it*h la4t A *r i l •"*•"toned for Bayers vrroi ><i' to*' nsaguiret* of ihe townwherebereside«tr*fu# *t. .*o*it t>beserved Th<=\t it coi notorious that travt lling an,; rtaideot Ameri..i-akre t*t.t.rvd to death win pen.iocs from Ui*«»r I.*TAooM:trvn...u, tnat the Consul is wholly inwdeq -»te ua'-s •.» ife famous qutdrMateral. I'nder the shelter1. ut*l win the oia..j «ppucM.tlon^ lor relief wuici h»- 01 Hi r walls our army wil1 rally after tt t first check, and, (• ntion Thus we declare by tae present totter. the 21 usy of March, 1331. The subject of debate wasanother column of thw ui nrt og 4 HKRAXO. tial Americans here, the Ainerv.an Minister, like toe Toe french governm- nt has ami tae following official Bntisn Ambassador, taking cognizance 01 11, so that the communication to th<> /'a;* iu I /*atrv.— government authorities ahouio c>cue in aid of private becevolenre 111 preventing what toolcs utte something la "Oa the occavob t ih«< alt a.^11 at insurrection in Sicily the way of a scandal to the cJ miry? Prima faeu, par-by h!s ve»y succewes. England, Russia, even Austria, isiinr that be should be converted and live, tor hecatni.t for si-nmii't- sake see IIB make bead against the 1 urue into the world to seek and to save those whs die. such that trey may safely be entrusted with tbe right ofthat tfco poveity of the laborsr to eo great thai he it en> urely devoid of patriotic reeling, aad that even nroeiama tton*, or hnttfuUunjg, or whatever they may ha tonnes, artfully circulated among thnm, Bhowfjg how la fraaeeTbo«v«sl*B circular wasrsplsced by a nee, efpreasinflo general terms the dtoSirprobatioa with whttto the anaexntim of Savoy to viewed by Praaaia, aad reserrtag toe ssyss- tionoito*aentraldtoiicttfor a « ^ ^ ; * £ H K a tm.toeurorof which will undoubtedly depoed upon further pwtrtparfari with Engtoad. _„,_,,..,„.-«*,»toaUlf.CWCBSU mitsrrt- wW raMiy,reiaParti—Oenta oftody Blotm—A MemoirefthisDistin ever,tillwithinfourofherdeath, shemmhtbe seen lamnshed Lady Burnerem Ifaoai Alliance Between Prance mad Denmark, <K-Thto being Paaaton week, our gay metropolis sets aneuntpln of religiotta decorum Bail, concert and drama, aad erery other apeciea of excitement ordinarily so int, are, for the moment, irapenaed with;nothing t, from early morn to dewy eve, bat the sound of ohamh beLin and the solemn music which tails of tinthe Champa Blyoses drawn about ta a Bath chair.The whispers that are current concerning a naval al nance with Denmark, end the general deposition of rraaos to form a grand maritime alliance, are causing agood deal of excitement at toe British Embassy. Among diptomata, it to an ordinary remark that Earl Cowley to no longer the man for England, and that, as ambassador at this Court, bto days are numbered.We have had a grand*case of swindling, or, rather, downright robbery, tn the Jewel room of the Palais Royal.middle ofSeptember .nan suffering—of crucifixion and atonement. The tenefre* M. Fontana to the sufferer to the amount of 2b0,<wof. orthat no ball or other fulmmation from thePapal Chair can be published or commented onwithout txpress autbontj . nevertheless, It Is equally well The Prussian government has just given s fresh proof of understood as i< p- -claimed at the market place that thepower which we are alluding to, it to not astonishing that tbe enemies of thto Church endeavored to weaken and to embarrass it by many intrigues and all kinds of attempts.In these Impious attempts they were vanquished, sooner or later by God, who always defends the Chareh. The whole world knows already how during these sad times the advetseries of the Catholic and Apostolic See have male themselves detestable by their attempts, which were characterised by their lying hypocrtry la trying to deprive the Holy See of Its secular power. They could not obtain their end by an open attack and by forceof trouble in Rome. On the 27th of March the London Times correspondent writes :— ,who died of Injuries received from the police ta the re-sympathy* away with this action, a telegraphic despatch was s^nt A avooa'i warniag has been given by the Minister of by M. de SchleiniU to London, reiterating thethe Interior to the Ami at U Rd^vm for having pub strong objections 0' Prussia to the annexation ttohed aa article which to leacrioed as "oontainiwr a of Savoy, and Inquiring whether England formal attack 011the organic law, wbtoh, in pr«m ilystiag would be Inclined to support her m an energetic protest the Concordat and re eatablwhing >be exerctoe or Oa- against tt, and to agree with her upon the mens ares thatThey r id not blush to counsel the peoples to sedition t r a c k s of the Piazza del Popilo,—a clear A small body of insurgents had been defeated at Bilboa against their Princes, which to clearly and distinctly con t u t of the precautions token by Government,detuned by the Apostle, when he says:—lI«t every soul »iich hat bored designs evioettiy in the style of previous to Ortega's act.be subject unto tbe higher powers, for there to ao power Kig Bomba In the morning, however, nothing hap A coccordat had been concluded between Spaia aai but «i Gcd; the powers that be are ordaineu of Godon Paris has advanced his rates to 5.124 and 5.LI- The Persia will take out between $C0O,0f>jaai $750,000 in specie, about $100,000 of which will hi in silver. Money was not affected by the M*> from Europe, at is still amply supplied at 5per percent on call, and 5 for short, and 5j»6f*Baron SchleinUz—Rumored Mobilization of the Army and Adnal Corps and the Early Concentration cf Tu» Pruinan Corps d'Armee on the Rhine—Aspect of the Po-H U M G A R Y .There had been a great anti Austrian demonstration atr NEW YORK HERALD, TUESDAY,APRIL 24, lm-TRIPLE' SHEET.I. the n...mime, some v»*ue rna»reo whs * " « « ' ^ and monetary, bad open to it all th< prizes of the Km on b*«sc to be bruited shout, altto-igh ^ ^ " • f a f !relating to the oouatrj, aad that the cost ha»h«t«t*o-rongbly sad exactly •UsnJatadi **^TMTM*?£ th. stariled publk: that two aimed camps were about totory thai foraed tbe sneemt snabelic of theaame aaate,treaty hat newer bona put forth as a blind; that it to he e'ectt* near the banks of the Rhine as a couatsr- THE RELEASE OF THE BEHH51ABOY. really oetn^dto ahow toe togheh p^ple what bene Bin d*n«EStraticn to the Camp of Chalons.n t t e g toTmore Lberal commerc-l oosamunto^oa^ and Tia^ewas tsstanty paralyaed; toe Bourse wts peats t•. as wicked mea, in order, not by tarrying, to prejo^Jos ot the war indemnity. Immediately after the aald paythus reader Ihem todtopoeed to a bostue view of^the strut..-r. end Prussian funds, which bad remained un- r< B ti on); e?eaoy ever unoe the armUtlce of Villatraaoa,1e e,8city cf cur giave offioe. It resulted that, faithful aent shall have be made tn fufl, the Spantoh troops willReported Alliance Between Bto pair of horses, for beauty of turm and spieudi 1 ac- net o all such plans have beea abanioaed, the pen willoi in the above m-nuoned allocations of the 90th Of June Art». Her Majesty the Queen of the Spates wiH imme- BUghtiy advanced. Sugar firm Osteeqatot lanaatalE n g l a n d a n d P r u s s i a . tion, are pet fen! y unique. They mus', at leant, be worth some five or six hundred guineas Tnear to Romotiuag in their taptdtty of looomoU'-n wuic 1 U evidently peoailarly congenial to hie mind; for when h l i n g bard his 11) tog •tm run ai» B B U I cMtasaroffDKMeE, steeds, or galloping at the full stride of his charger along the »inea at a review, he always appears to great advan- tage He glows enormousjy rci ud shouldered, and aa a few days slnee he rode in full military state, preotded by a company of the Cent Garde w grande temu, and 'olio wed at a QUanoe by a brilliant staff, to hold a cavalry rwview in the Bota de Boulugse, bin Majesty's fltfure on horse-cot-tinue to be wielded instead of the sword, and m e r e of ink to be shed instead of oceans of blood. The Stork Exrhai ge bas been partly traaqaii'Md by the1 Bjtouraacee of the official organ, eombmed with the tatelngenos toat France haa consented to submit the question of the neutral wo datricts to a conference of the Great Powers, ann our merchants have renamed th«tr preparations for Iisipeic fair wHh minglrd feelings of hope and apprahen- 1 ton; but every one is sure that toe reeptte to only tempo ran,. and that to the present aspect of the po'itical aori .00 i* is impossible to calculate upon the maintenance ofrsr quiility for a day, scarcely for aa hour.In fact, the question a no longer whether we ahall have war, br-i when we shall ha e tt. Many ar> perswBdedHLd toe 26th of September of toe last year; or those who diately appoint two plenipotentiaries, who, with two othersAshes qaiet. The houdays prodaos qoietoam ta a tLONDON MARKBTS.Breadatafa dull hat steady. Sugar qatot Gaffes irm.Tea dull Tallow quiet at 66s a 56s. 6d. Ewe Quiet Lto seed oil r t l M t t o . x*w» taxTHB LATaWT VIA QOBEMSTOWN. Loaoos, Aprillt-F.MThe Bank of England bas advanced Us rale of latorsst to five per cent.Consols otoasd at 94}> 194yt tat money, and N X aThree steamers arrived jeeterday front Europe—one here, dte at Baton Mid UM other at Portland.back was hieralty that of a hunchbackA fancy lair for the benefit U the Britioh Charitablehave perpetrated some of those acta themselves, at well as tl use who have been their warranters, sapportert, help- .,• s, counsellors, followers, BBwell as those who conniV3d at executing the above mentioned deeds, under whatever pretense, and to whatever manner, or who perpetrated them themselves, to have tokea on themselves the atonement of tbe major excommunication and religious punishment as they are determined ta ear apostolic constitution, and byhe decrees o! the general coutcia, especially that of Trent (sess. 22, chap. 11, on Reforms); and, if aeoaseajr, we excommunicato them again, we anathemiae them, fur iter declaring that they are to lose all privilege*, aad .• • »ce8, and indulgence which they enjoyed until now fromappointed by bto Majesty, the Emperor or Morocco, w'Ji havetodrawupthe definitive articles of toe treaty of peace. These plenipotentiaries will meet to the town of Teuton, and their labours will bave to be completed with the toast possible delay, the time in no case to exceed thirty day*, reckoning from this dateJLaopou) 0 I>cy«aau.,March 25, I860 MCLR ABAAS.The preliminary bases of the treaty of peace havtog been agreed upon aad signed between Spain and Moroeosby jyeopold O'Diwdell, Duke of Tetuan, Captain General ta Chief of tbe Spanish army to Africa, and Mutoy Abbes, Caliph of the empire of Morocco and Prince of the Al- garbe, *11 hostilities will cease from this day between theThe America, from Liverpool oa the T t t , t t d Queens* bvanrooL, April It—l*. sLtown oa UMSto of April, arrived at Boston early yester. Fund *s to tale place at the Brtfsh E»ha«»y, in the mid-dle of Kay, and uie lady patroi^tisee a/o Madame Fuwll,day morateg- Her malts f t n received here at five the COUUH-B- o« Moray, the Duelingrtt>3w8ano, the l>ish thai it «iii break out this summer, aad the most sanguinei .t Papal predeoeesors, and toat they cannot la any man- two armies, the bridge, of Bureja being toe line that to to ner be released or absolved of these censures by nay oaeeluding 5 000 to speculators and eiporters. The ma-Bet to unchanged, but prices we Irregular and favor bayara,Breadttofft firm, witb a good dnwaawa. Provisions quietProduce quiet.^(NANQIM. AND COMMERCIAL. MOKDAY , April 13—o p. M.The bank statement of to-day compares aa fol- lows with that of last week:—Wnkemd'g Loons 9ptde^ Otre-Uatvm fVperiu April 14..$1x9,0.0,015 23,«lto.m B.71MB1 atJBIJMI April 21.. 128,440,668 23-^3.214 8,7»0,45» t l ^ V t tDecrease $1,470,147 393Ji68 - SJUlJa* Increase. — — 15,I6t _ ' This raoveqjent to unexpected. The decliae hideposit? proceeds from the withdrawal of funds by country banks, which require their means athome,inconsequence oftbeopeningofrungs lion. This decline appears to have compelled thebe shown to be acciieutal, an < return to their cadre Viliafranca. It was not the defeat of Jena that prostrated couixry those who have clearly no meant of beUeriSg the monarchy , it was tbu faintheartedness and ImoeciUi/, iven complete satisfaction to the Papal power. There ore, all these who in the remotest manner have partici-1(.tea in those deeds, and also the successors in their of > -es, are liable to such revocation, retraction, abrogation''' abolinon of the above mentioned sins to do so per-LEOPOLD ODONNELL. MULEY ABBAS.Uielr cocoition by nmikining »*ay Irvm it Myself a member ot the comrnittw:, 1 cui, ai.pwer lor som^ 0' the healthy results whn-h tlow l n o such ac mstttotKMi. Then is no excuse lor lueuuicily »s rcga/ct the reMdent or tiavelliig English : then- i* ro cause of complaint onof our semcr* s. who, afW that e-atsstrophe, surreaderpd the ftror pest fortreesesalmost without resistance,and thus enabled it-e etemv to march In a few weeks from the Rhine to the Vtotula. We rnay hope for bettor things Ibis bme . we may have n» great commanders; but ae bavr no tr».tor* or cowards 1c our ranks, and our strong bold* our Coiognes and Erfurts, and Ma'tgebnrgs.and Wit'cnhf ran. wii1 "op the progress cf an invader s* effecMARCH 25, I860.L,ord M a r s a l s y1 chareh, an well ae other oubuc requirements. when the game was in his bands, aad when without turn - ing to the right hand or the leit, he played it out. The Minister of F canoe, Recensuer, baa been pen Having a desire te add a postcrlpt to a letter be had just[off. M Voge mwne has been appointed aa his consigned to the letter box in his own counting house, be Other chajLgee of high fancUonartea are ex deeind the box might be brought to him. He applied the key, whea, struck by h.s wife's handwritingThe steamship Australasian, from Liverpool at noon of tbe 11th Inst, via Qoeeastowa oa the 12th, arrived at Portland at six o'clock yesterday morning.pected m the Ba <-o go»ernmf ntOnr Parte Oomipoadrntr. t'ARW. Apriltbe Iate ran Church, on those of tbe Church of the Prince of apostles {Basilica PrineipU Apostolorum,) on those of the Apostic Chancery and General Carta (Curia OesieraUs) in Monte CuaiorU, aad at the corner of the Kield of Flora of tbe city (an Acie Oampi Flora de Urbe,) ae is usual, and the ao potted aad published letters, and each ot these letters, shall have the same power upon every one whom it concerns as if they bad been presented ic m« aftm and perumaliurWe order toat translations as well as copies of the printed letters shall be signed by some public, notary, and sealed by some person who holds an ecclesiastic dignity: their testimony shall be receivable ia every place aad in every country, as well ta courts of Juatios as to any other place; tbey shall be as valid as if they were presented aad da- I:vered personally.Dated at St. Peter's, Rome, under the ring of the Fish ers, 26th day of March, 1800, tn the fourteenth yeat of oar Popedom. PIUS P. P. IXIn the year of our Lord 1800, Indict 111, the 2toh day ot March, the fourteenth, year of the Popedom of oar most Holy Lord and Father ta Christ, Plus I X , the preient apostolicletterwas publishedaad affixedonthedoorsot tae Interna aad Vatican churches, the Apoatoli; Chance ry. the great church of lnnocencia, aad at the top of the field of Flora, by me.Aiovs S c u m A, Apostolic Cursor. PHiuprta OKAMI, Magister Cursor.1 he Polite Outrages tm B e n t .Details of the outrages by the gendarmerie at Rome oa the 10th have been rectfvee. After describing the chargeSteamship Company, to take the place of the Nora S»tian, general activity of business; the long credit* graat-.-««e him, aad thaiAmerican ^a-ivriaa Isrifeinthe reeiftreed by a /«•«« en mis/e throaghout Rut in being obliged by sad necessity to fulfil thtothe Reform bill, and Lord Maeaulay used these words:—"I believe there are societies ta which every maa may safely be admitted to vote I sty. sir, that there are countries tn which the condition of the laboring classes tothe buttings * * uttered a word indicating an opinion servers to exat-ct The loan column is now as lowthat the supreme authority in a State ought to be ae it waa three weeks ago, and $700,000 lower tbu entrusted to the majority of citizens told by the head "Of course, this also is written in reference to the Institu it waa a year since. This statement will strengthen, lions of tbe Amsrican republic. Now, sir. I think that confidence, and impart courage to the mercantile moat men will agree that fiom this state of facte only twoinferences can be drawn; either that Lord Macaulay, to community. Before another statement is made spite of hto wonderful memory, has forgotten what hepublic Will tod mil nettii. ..»'» of the pugihatio affair in firsts and pt rile1is of P*ri8. Would It not he well if the ronnlry. it will be ready to offer battle again ,.« t of our duty, we do not forget that we represent•ome fcini »r msutution should t>•set on foot by mfluen- kac 8(ia,n, tjl the enemy is rmoed, hke Pyrrltus, H -0 on carta who wishes notthe death of a sinner, butand Spaia, the tux.* *no /'at w contained lataentasie im tus cave 00 business iu I. ave their own coun rjerience the fate of his preoecessw. And even if Europe grace, and by His Almighty virtue to lead back topotations Bgaiast a neighboring Power. Toeee papers tries 00 loose or miscalculated speculations,Ought so much the let* nahaven-ieoted these imputations and if they come to gm-t must endure the evil But how would America herself have grown ashould (-'i-fii us—if we shoulc nave to retire beyond the in- oath of salvation all those against whom we have Elbe, 11 ,• (• er, the Vistula—we will defend ourselves to K m obliged to employ tbe severity of the religious the met extremity, and never make peace until we pui.»bmenrs. Herewith by this latter and all iu contents, can dictate it to a vanqui*ht>o foe. Now, all this Bounds ann all tnat has been said above, wo order all who have very fire and herclc. bull q-esiion whether such heroism i s 1 npated In any way or ta any manner ,of whatever to practicable in our degenerate age, and least of all in rank, dignity, or class they may be, or whether they are this t o n i' • Sarsgosaas. and Moscows, and Sebaatopols, ii.< \ 'dually mentioned or not, for whose sake the present may c> »••• ? well for semi barbarous nsoous, but well-to- letter has beea written, aad who are not sufficiently desig- do, iDousirinus, painr-taktng poople like the Germans can l.ate -, or who, tor any reason or pretence whatever,knowing that they are d<-v »d f authenticity."The ottctal Gasrtu of M*-irtd promulgate* the Concordat BOnchtdea With Rome.giectcM among the natio&s of the rarth if thus her sons bau thought of sa;ety be ore »l ihiagsrLady Elgin, the mother of the late Canadian GovernorThe gmperor 0* Morocco ban ra ittei the bases oT pea«. »iid present Chuese 1'enipotenuary has just died In A Bsanifeeto of the Grand Duk' of Baden baa been pnb Paris. Tbto was a remarkable personate Her husband,the Earl of Elgin, was a man of menu mtnd and avari- ban '» ne expected to s&rnrlce their lives and property toebon d doubt the signature or the value of this letter, or who should be brought before justice, and should appeal »ya.net it, or who should ask for grace, aad that this c<foment is, and shall always remain and be con- sidered valid, and it shall be invariably and inconteatobly observed by those to whom It refers; they shall be re- sponsible before every judge or deputy, also before the auonors (candttorer) of the Apostolic palace, and before ID* Cardinals of the Holy Roman Empire, and before the o<i Latere Ltgatom and Nuncios of the See, sad iv lore all who possess, or will possess, similar power ; aod they shall be deprived of all faculty aad authoritylished proclaim-eg 'he principle of the leiepeodenc* cious spirit. By her.txtraordinary talent she managed, at the Cathode Church, una adding that "8 la*a among other surprising thiegs, to make him respectable under the protection of the count! and even respected. This Scotch K.*i i, when married to his first wife—by whom he bad three or four oeughiers— Gnaranve<-B at.all be given for the sure had aa extraordinary de* re to disposst>as hor o' a foundation of the I, gal position of the church, certaia estate which she «lone, by her m*r>the content! ot the Concordat ahau be lawfully Banc nage settlement, had the power to dispose of. Many a time an I oft had be put in practice the legal saw, that; by Bpeetal laws and 0 b e ordinance*. The mani " a maa may kick or k m his wile of any amount of goods> also promises the free aevtlopement ot the Pro and chattels," but to no purpose. But there came a day bad penetrated to the trier or the Vistula, that to aanother shipment will have been received froa California.mere figure of vpeech; for unless assisted by Austria or Russia, the territory left her in that event wculd be too small and too luni'ed in its resources to enable her to raise or feed an army. l o t us hope, therefore, that the Spartan virtue of the Prussians may not be pot to too haisb a test, and that if a war should be forced upon on a tetter addressed te a gentleman whosa them by the ambtton of the French Autocrat, they mayattentions to her he had before noticed, be broke the seal. The result was his sending for the Countess and telling her that be held in bto bands damnatory evidence of her guilt, bat that, though h* could never look uion bar as his wife again, still, aa being tue mother of hisbe belter prepared for the shock than they were to 1H0«. I understand that notwithstanding the proposed re- organization of the army has not yet been sanctioned by the legislature, measures are being quietly taken to place the military establishment on the footing contemplated by the rovftmment project, that the osdret of the aew regiments are already formed, and that the process of mohilizaiim has been so much simplified that It will not be subject to the delays experienced on former occasions, but that IDca»e of need it can be effected at the veryshortest nonce.The PriBcess Frederick William expects to present herhusband with a secoad pledge of their mutual affection about tbe month of Jane. It to thought that if the politi- cal constellations should not be too adverse, Qaten Vic- toria will come over to be present at her daughter's ae- couchement.The Pep«»s Bnll.TBB MAJOK BXCOMMl NICATION OF THE RKBKI, ITALIANS.APOSTOLICLvrm or on MOSTHOLY MASTKK PIVSn., POPIBT THE URACB OF GOD, BT WHICH THK Pl.MJttUia.vr 0 S MAJOa rxcoanrincATioN is nrnjcrsD ON IBS IMADS3WAHO IWKPSKS or oca PONTIFICAI. PBOVI>CKS.which was to bave a new screw pat la her.Tbe steamship Asia, from New York, arrived at Liver-New York, ar.Tbe screw steamship North Briton, from Portland, ar- rived at Queecstown oa the evening of the 10th.GREAT BRITAIN. There to no news of political importance.Parliament wan not attttog.The French and other Caaaaaaaaal Journals ananas the Engttoh Parliament of favoring the recent Carllst attempt in Spain aad the insurrection ia Solly.A reform meeting was bald to Hyde Park en 8onday, the 8th. The proceedings ware tame, aad there ware not more than a thousand preeentThe submarine cable for Gibraltar will be ready by thelitical Horison—Prognostications For a European War—Whtn WiU It Occur?—The Prussian Mtchequer to be fare of toe peoples being increased by the temporalTbe above barbarous onslaught upon peaceable citisenson toe 19th of March seems to oe but the commencement the capital, the occasion being the funeral of a student imports—ship at least $45,000,000 of specie toHeavily Pawed—War Speculations—A Prospeawe Heir to the Prussian Throne, rfc , dc.Six thousand persons followed too did not interfere, and there was no disorderSP AIN.The Kmperor of Morocco had ratified the bases of peace. General -Ortega and three persons of the highest rankEurope this year. Thus far—though one-third of the year has nearly elapsed—the total export! have not been over $>,000,000. There was ratosr moreactivityinthe exchangemarketto-day,and bankers were asking 10:»4 for sterling 60 day bilk, and 110| a 4* for short sight; but even at these rates H requires very nice management to intoban of Cbrwt s v ra and i<ow,ata time w h o all are OOttmemorai'DjE u>.» *«oa> and passkm of Him by #hOv~t- suftfos a<otie coui> ih aatvama. °.bt* thoughts of many. doubttra* dwell oa ha une hoaor? 1 represeuUttv«, audmtngle devcttoa to his peraou with utetr more elevated taking if she could find any one to back her. Carried duct, and by maliciously provoking popular risings. ci Porta Angelica, aad were token round to toeRussell at the behavior of Louis Napoleon had tmprersedoudurber of Euroiw without coming to the rescue; a in refore, in fervent prayer we implore, and we ask second coalition will be formed against a secoad Napn- iiceasinglf, In tbe meekness of our heart, the mercy leon, hud the heir o! the prisoner ot .Si Helena will ex o the Almighty to enughten by the light of His holyelecting members of the Legislature." Thto is Bald withevident reference to the institutions of America, for a lit-tle further on be remarks that "universal suffrage exittsta the United States without producing any very frightfulconsequences " And yet, sir, in the letter to Mr. Randall bar.-kg to reduce their loans mare rapidlv than toeir he to made to ray, "I am certain that I never wrote a Une, inclinations and tbeir specie resource* had led ob- and that I sever tn Parliament, ta conveimQon.or even onHEah'sf-act idea of patriotism; and I am by no means sure that if Napoleon III should appear at the gates of Bert c the citizens would not salate h m w t h shouts ofVi-e l' Enprrevr. and the burgomasters and common ccuui ilrnin, in their gold chains, would not come out to wslceme him, as they did his uncle, and testify their gratitude for hto condescension in paying them a visit.actually did say, or that the letter to Mr. Randall, to par-s s or Prussia's carrying on the war alter the enemyTHE HEWS BT THE AUSTRALASIAN.ed to foreign purchasers of Britiah goods, and above all, tbe unusual tardiness of specie remit- tances from New York, are quite sufficient to ac- count for the phenomenon. Up to the present date, onr specie shipments to England since Jan. 1 are $7,500,000 less than the shipments of the cor responding period of 1859, and $0,800,006 leas thai those of the corresponding period of 1&58. Bad the cotton crop last year been less abundant thai it has proved, the London money market would have probably received, between January 1 tad the present date, over $8,000,000 more gold a n we have shipped, which would have enabled theBank of England to supply gold for the dnkto Prance, without raising the rate of interest abore 3 a 3$ per cent We have kept the gold, and tot consequence is a British bank rate of 5 per cent— rather higher than the current rate here. SOB* uneasiness is felt in certaia quarters as to the effect of the movement upon our money markets. Some personsthismorning seemedalmost apprehensin of a panic Such fears are gratuitous. Panic* aad commercial disasters will never arise here froa embarrassments of foreign communities, bat al-La Otoe, or the wanhiog of the feet of twelve poor offered a reward of half the sum, even u* the discoverer cecetsl<y of the times. It was, therefore, la ac- described by a letter in the London ftstet —imiaina. in imitation of the Savior and Apostles, and the should himself be one ot the thieves. Two gentlemen corcance with Divine Providence, that, after the ' - Many of the wounded were, in toe meantime, being The Paris flour market was heavy aad lower. Wheat ways from imprudences of our own. If the banki , 1860poolail P.M.ofthe8th. The Cunard screw steamerPrnmem W«ek—Jmpo»WQ Ctrt*wi»\e* at tKs CkurcUi 0/ chiUien, all should be passed by in silenoe, provided she , St MUcb, li Mvttacht and A'ntre Dame—Dt- would at once make the sacrifice he had so long demandEtna, from rived at Liverpool at 1 P. M. of the tto.(f the Pa'triof$—Immenm Attendance <f War ed, and sign over to him the estate, he There was no thipert— Pei-tthar KdcUiont BrtHxen the Church and State help for it; the Countess signed the deed, and the nextday the noble Earl wrote to her mother to come aad take Onawd by the Papal Que ti.,n— Grand Cat of Theft- her adulterous daughter from beneath his threshold, aa heit. JTunTwflii 9*ferer to the Tune of $50,000— A St intended to sue for a divorce. And divorced he was.tttmi WmrMiff to m French Beltgiout !fetmpapar—Lard John &*ueU 1 Abrogation <y" the AUianct Between Kna- 1framce—Dittr+Mty the*re*ckButperor—TemThe late Lady Elgin succeeds her, aad by the kindness of her disposition towards the motherless offspring, she did much to protect them against the1* ill fate, frequently, among other things, desiring them to visit their divoroed mother. Her attain meets were so great that she instructMum of Comm' P- nionf— War Ooaw—AUeyed ed her SOBSin latin, Greek and the modern languages,Diitapatty of Brituh SubjtOt—i.ouii tfapotem at anJfiiarinn • Pumcy Favr at the Brituh Mmkagw theSmme* of the Latiy Patrome**e*—Ammem Pauperism inaad lived to see them foremost mea of the State. About elghteea months ago she received a stroke of paralysis, affecting her brain and her tongue, and her existence has since been a prolonged state of misery Fa:h day, bow-PITJSPP. IXTo tbe eternal memory of this matter.PRANCE.An Imperial Commissioner was travelling through theneutralized provinces of Sardinia, aad to said to hare been coldly received in some places.Ihe government had reprimandel the Pays aad PatrieAs the Catholic Church, founded and established by the Lord Christ, tor the everlasting salvation of mankind, bas acquired the form of a perfect society by iu Divine character, tt ot-ght. therefore, la tbe fulfilment of its sacred ministry, to poFstss that freedom by which it may not be subject to any civil power And furthermore, ta order to ob- tain that, the Church required those guaranteesof tbe gendarmes down the Corao, and their reckless for giving currency to rumors that England to blamable •60,000, and, ta order to recover his property, nas which were ta accordance with the conditions and attack on all—men, women aad children—toe results are for the outbreaks ta Spain and Sicily.first entered hto shop. While occupied with them two fall of the Roman empire and its consecutive division conveyed to the hospitals; some to the apothecaries' etqnhnhs strains of tan Stabat, vera yesterday performed ladH* superbly dressed ta capacious crinoline, came in into several kingdoms, the Romish Pope, whom shops bard by. There were coachfulto of wounded,was quiet and unchanged. rate of interest in England remains it 5 per cent, The floctuationa on the Bourse were slight; the rentes while money is very easy (ss is the case atat the MAdeteire, 3t. Rocb, 8t Kustacbe and Notre Dame da Lsrette, at such various hour • as permitted the attend- aoo* oi all classes ; sad it mum he admitted that everywhere the population exhibited the greatest eager Bean to avail ltaelf of the privilege. Never at Bay time during the last ten years do I remember the •acred edifices to have been so crowded, nor to have In- stanced more emphatic signs of popular devotion. Many, at coarse, frequent tan churches lr >m curiosity or a Sim'and asked to look at some diamonds. Somehow betwixt Christ beJ established as the chief and the centre of his bruised, bleeding, and swooning women.. I saw oneclosed on toe 10th at 69f. 00—market dull, but firm.A aew journal, the Cbrrotwskfaaf, bad{appeared at Stras-burf aa aa organ of the French government, and advo-soul elevating, are the ceremonies of the Catholic church at this epoch that hard indeed must be the idiosyncrasy which is not afiected by themPrtcedtnt— Prospect cf an Offensive and Defmvtvee Alii vertheless, to really of a spiritual character, by the once Between Prussia and Bnglamd—Resignation of holy destination which it enjoys, and by toe close,Garibaldi bad arrived at Turin and taken hto place ta of any evil consequences from a resumption ofThe pesahar relation of the government, also, towards the Sovereign Pontiff to not without its effect oa many The priests, to be sure, are dumb, from the pre to the humblest of ba order, sad the thunders of Jshnanwr are evoked to remind them again andthat want of tact and judgment which distinguishes their chief execv'iv rn Kruee. »« In Sarcinia, is under the foreign policy. The indignation expressed by Lord Johnties by wnteh It to connected with ail Christian af- fairs. But this does not prevent that all those things wbi'ti conduce to the secular welfare of the peoples may be obtained by the Church, as the history of the temporal reign of the Roman Popes during so many cen- turies shews most clearly. The general good and welspecie shipments. Indeed, it is now becoming" rather desirable that the usual summer export of specie should commence. The United States should—to make their exports balance theirthe two parties M. Fontana and hto nephew lost I don't whole chaich, obtatoea temporal power. Therefore, it knew how many carats of diamonds. The ladies, having has been ordered by God in the wisest manner that, assecured them under their crinoline, left the shop, when such a great number and variety of princes exist, thethe gentlemen bought aa opera glass and followed them. Holy Pope should enjoy the political liberty which he so Two minutes after the robbery was discovered, and the much wanted, ta order to exercise his spiritual power,picked up ta a doorway, with an ugly gash ta her left breast; not far from tt a child with a deep cut in the neck, to all appearance almost lifeless. One Maszotti wsa left on the ground with two sabre cuts, a studentpresent) at 5 in New Yorkj certainforeignnooses which nave large balances here will send them t» England for temporary employment; and toe transfer will speedily equalize the rate of totoren ia both countries. It is further probable that toe advance in the value of money in England will hasten specie shipments from this side; bnt so long as onr commerce is conducted on sound principles,the Chamber of Representatives.nephew rushed out and made chase, but the parties were flown.m the arm.authority ana jurtotiction In the whole world without any impedimenta. And, therefore, It was neoeaaary that he. wooie Catholic world should not have any reason to suppose that the Romish Pope to subject to any Influence of temporal power, or biassed in the exercise of the re- ligious powers which the Holy See haa to fulfil over tbe pis lave of snored music; but so exquisitely touching, to The TatciUating Course of PmsHa in the Savoy Annexa- great*r part of the Christians. It is easily understood that the dominion of our Roman church, although tion—Jhe Annexation cf Savoy Considered a Oan^eroui; hav.tg the appearance of something temporal, ne-many and Italy.Our Berlin Correspondence. BSXLLV, April 4,1S60.ITALY.Tbe King of Sardinia was about to make a tour of tathem with an Idea that the moment had at length arrivedwhen England would declare openly against France, anljoin Prutsa in a step whi :h she was all along desirous of ciples* >y cunning dissimulation In their con- ;i.warns five on Sunday morning two guns went out Tortona.CoaaWertag the intimate connection of Lord Palmer-Borne, a dnaatettiary visit from the poUve, and his papers ston with the Tullerles, aad the state of public opinion in Church, the duty was Imposed to protect that Ohurch, •' ROMANS!—an atrocious and bloody outrage bas The German States of the Rhine are making special deEnglandt where-, ta spite of the dissatisfaction aad distrust and to maintain its power, have sullied themselves by been perpetrated. You wish for vengeance, and ti topeaaty cade attennon to the 0 -oenciaJ influence which the vantages of the commercial treaty just concluded withment ba. the prtnci,i«1 part, as it to generally V' moderate the passions of s people provoked to theknt.wi, i,o* much in to*', kinguom the Chnrch has suf 9 eaieat o» excesses by the most abject of Governments,fere,- •..!. 1.s MK. restiictions. which we have already t> 1in public no leas than in private life we must learn affairs in Japan were unsettled. vehement!. lamented in our ConslatoruU allocation of the ii enaure a»d wait, to conquer our feelings and give* ' J«ne«rv, ,866 The j*arotnian government has until : - o.. vent only when we have at least a chance of suenew «.», 1 ,,ur iUBt reclamations, and haa even de o * certainly, rf our only object were to Sine theaommerctal treaty between Ei^ianl and Frame, thoughJAPAN,sigaed only two months age, Is beginajag to exercise over war 00 a question in which they have no direct Interest, ttFrench eommeros, everything to dulasso personified to difficult to imagine that the Prussian Minister would makeTHE LATEST, VIA QCEENSTOWN. LO.NDOS, April 12, I860.as, sawhto arrival,"troops carried the convent by assault, after battering a**!«•• *•* *** •** * wOa4arfal effect The Pope •reach, and the rebels and their arm* were captured Toledo,,;Galena,w; niinois Central,|; aUclnJ"r England.i so wide to the spacethe labor8ATOT.meat »h eh a'e imposed by the "•atrial laws L i Majesty the Queea of the Spams and by hto Maiestv The answer of Austria to the circular of M Thouvenel 39aV, Reading,434 a J: Michigan Central.47| •*;htm are too keenly felt by nil classes for them to go tothough to an exceedingly friendly aad conciliatory man- ner, by the lagrtoh government. Lord John Roasell com- , he BAM, with the Court of Berlin ta retarding meM a most dangerous precedent. jectsior ' •ntegie.ear Pep*, g o v e r S ? W . ^ ' * ^Royai .IK.atorshtp. sad OMaatisatonere of tie—. hnhto gov-Mimed were immedtatelv appointed, who t-,e0 as suai^g ..iiier titka, undertook to govern those p. .viaces I)*ru,g *b.-m ocearreaorB, we. remember oar a*' mnof bo . dtd uot fail ta our aUoeutioas of the 90th gf Jme and 90th of N-otember of tost year, to complain loudly of three voatious -f the temporal power, nod toAestrton party, the tow to oar regeneration Beware of ;ntderstood hew mach toe temporal piwer, wblA it queatintiaMe on this eeeamon is atweaary far thenance of tbe Papal power. But, we shudder m say tag fc, tbe Sardtaian government ban a o t e e l yArt 1 Inthe Majesty tbs Kmg *»*» Wstom, Iraai Maw Yarn, aataalltn.COMMERCIAL INTBLLJJRNCE LOKPO* Moamr BABBITrteafaeadatat to*a** tormonition and complaints aad our religions1 ui, bj perse vencg in its wickedness by force, money,tt rests, terror, and other cooatog meaaa.they obtalaedtn nniversai vote la their favor, aad dared to invade tire to the places of Metilla, El Peaoa aad Altai tut prcviLces, to occupy them, sua to subject them to which tbe pientpotoatiarife of Spathto Majesty the Kmg of Morocco engages te pay te bar^w haobeen cverthiowo, eud the bases of a I t-ioporal Majesty the Queen of the Spaiaa the sum of twenty mu- aharea 11; PeaawyrraatoOsatral 1ew;Brto rato.aiate•tiwr and human society have been undermined. We ttons of piastres. The mode of paying this sum will be tot BMrtgngt, as a ft*.stipulated to the treaty of peaceArt 6. The town of Tetuaa. with the whole of the terri-.• -af addere, cloae their earn, sad who do not listen ti oar• u piaiiite and admoottons; *«d oa tbe other Bide, we a ill remain to Urn possession of ber Majesty the Queea of1itst tbe caxte of our Apostolic See, aad the whole Ca- Bpain as security for the execution of the obligation seed • ic world, rewulrta for stigmatizing the attempuof fled in the aforieeid article until the complete paymeat(xt«Tien*p' auemsadonefallIt 9 LOW affirmed that all thtae alarming rasherswer* mere coeordr, the inventions ot some speculativebear or f*l -'.iocs Tat tar. and the Prussian Qatette assures itsreaders thai no mobilisation has ever been dreamed of aadthat the pretended camps are purely mythloal, which uquite true as regards the present, but must he «»«*/stood m a Pickwicklaa sense when applied to toepaaftj:wHinciiuu that the most warlike resolutions had beentalcm. aid orders slven for an Immediate display of tolil-ta.v io.ee, in ease toe proposition of Prussia shouM beaccepted by the British Cabinet For the moment, ia 1vadmg them, or ta doing such deeds as we complained stoaaries, like that which ectoto at Tangier Paoiwox -Roam doit S.4nt< Tarpamtas firm aaasia publicprayert,aadhavtog tokea the •«***•* *••• bich we hold from Almighty God aad the most Holy Oieproteotioa of Spanish interesu and for the memiePaovBsow - Wakrneto, Nash k tto reevt 8*/ «*. and buyers di man ;ing a reouctwn. lork steadv nT«2Alofeties Peter and Paul, and atoo ta accordance wTthoar nance of good relations between the two States,1 Cerapia) bad received two broadsword cunt aad a stab cates toe maintenance of the boundaries of France, Ger-will be stiralated, to favor of Spain, all the advantages that would hare beea or shall hereafter be conceded to the moat favored nation.rUohardaea, apeaas a 0u report lour arm at ins. a as. Wheat firm, aad holder. deatanouJTaTaTrsnos^anV.f^ red at 10s 3d a 10s *d , „ * whaa at ite ^ t . ? £ % 5 Cora advanced 6d. a la; vaawT Jki fcL a aaTn? white,Heatte V ^i "• oa.aih.eg.,on 11 authority, all those who have taken part to the sinful Art 8. His Majesty tbe Emperor of Morocco will aatbo-; •urrection in our provinces ta usurping, •occpytag and riae theeetabushmBntatFetora house of tysaiah am quiet and easier, aad quotation1 aarbaagst ^ ^o n D e m s c r a e y . TO THB BDITOB OY THE LONDON STABtially or entirely a forgery. vant,I am, sir, your obedient ser- W. F. H. ALWOOD. No. 2 ALBXAKDBB lfeRRACK, Westbourne park, April 7.Tbe news by the Australasian, that the Bank of England had advanced the rate of interest froa t} to 6 per cent, though generally expected by bank- ers, took tbe public at large somewhat by surprise. The cause of tbe advance is clear enough. The heavy drain of specie to India to pay for the rupee stocks which have been so favorite an mreataawtof judging or interpreting, and that if they do it shall be,0 cared invalid. As the present letter, as is well known,cannot be safely published everywhere, aad especially tasuch places where It would be most required, we will that She haa been chartered for the voyage by the Canadian of Utte witb tbe speculative public in London; toe this letter, or copies of it, shall be posted on the doors ofAnother (Zaccaleoni) was fallen upon ta tbe Vicolo del-lo Sdiucecioio, and knocked down by three blows with aloaded bludgeon; spriest, near the Cafe San Carlo, re-ceived a thrust of a sabre, aad was felled to the groundwith toe butt end of a horse pistol. One de Angeus waspierced by three sword thrusu; Rossi, a merchant, bada severe sabre cut ta the neck. The Am>r%can Viceom- Court accompany him. Tbe Parliament of Turin would and oar staple products continue to be supplied ia rul tt laid down with a severe stab in the side; a German adequate quantity, there need be no apprehensws artist with a deep dagger wound In the arm; a nurse aad adjourn, to enable tbe members to join the royal cortegebaby were both struck with the same weapon in tbe car-riage where they sat; another sword cut struck both tbelegs of a tody seated In another carriage, wounding themseverely; another lady, who had fainted,and In that autowas being carried inside the Bernini Palace, was struck inthe breast with a gendarme's broadsword.cent demonstrationat the street corners, which said," Romans, do not to corpse te the grave amidst patriotic cries. The policeOn Saturday, the 24th, printed bills were seen stuck upmorrow bring the women with you, nor yet tbe children, for we must have our revenge '' Elsewhere I read, " Gendarmes, to-morrow we await you at the Oorso I" l P to a late hour in the morning of Sunday I saw these bl's with my own eyes In tbe Corso. and yet, mark well! the Corso had been all the foregoing night, like an enof arms, but only by falsa* and pernicious prin- campment, thronged with troops of every description. had been arrested at Calandron. Ortega to to be tried at specie without netting a loss. The leading drawerWhosoever therefore resisteth the power, reeistelh theordium.ee of God; and they that resist shall receive tothemselves damnation ' (St.. Paul, Ep. ad Rom , 0 xiii., tioLtigtoni, tbe popolani o' every description. These, r vengeance. The same did ihe Traostevenal, the GERMANY.thohc worship in France, regulated the relations «>f the should be resorted to If that protest were disregarded. v 1, et acq ) These wicked innovators, ta tittonking the icme bills had been spread In the adjoining country, so The Grand Duke of Baden, despite the vote of the Se long first clsss double name paper. An sdnswChareh and State ''M Ytoiilot, the proprietor ot the Vrntn, whose voicehas beca anamauriiy cloned, ha* had, on his return fromtempom! tower of the Church and its temporal dominion, t'-.it from several villages men m arms came to town 10 oond Chamber, had proclaimed the Independence of the of one per cent in money seems quite likely- i* In shert, It was proposed to make the annexation a casus and n i.espistng its venerable authority, go so far in their l«v« tbeir rnxi*«A« Tne Liberal Committee, aware of Catholic church He declares that the provisions of thebeUiimput. no*- as to feign esteem tor the Church and oaedi tn. danger, and knowing toe instigators of the Impend specie begins to flow outward freely, tt would sf eace 10 ber conimanaa. And it ia th» more to ba deplored io« striie, as quick as ughtniug printed and dtstribatod Concordat shall be sanctioned and special laws or- a healthy indication.neu. The tanners, who really thought those bills had Rc-me, and wss promulgated. 1 •« n stack up by the Liberal Committee, were preparingthat seme of those 00 whom, as sons of the emthoiio tbr proclamation which I here translate and enclose:— dained.The realization of profits by operators on tot Stock Exchange, which began on Saturday **"' noon, continued to some extent thismorniag: wi, the news from Europe being unfavorably construed by speculators, a general decline was the remit It may be remarked, however—sad the circata- 8tan.ee ia noteworthy aa throwing light on the cha- racter of the market—that the bond market did notshsre in the decline. tStote stocks were very fins, Waal they say a, ih*. .t may be lor goal dem stgfig ot tbe hostile attacks were seen at toVParU <> « nor arduous. But our purpose to to free Rome from than yesterday The reaction ta the share market was and the issues of the Hudson River, Micuigai considerationsamongthedelusionsofideology.Ittosocon- Congress01theyear186a,whenthatpower,amongother V•i>yoke. The timeforIttonotfaroff,butIthasnot moredecided Moneywasveryactive,and6>,parcent Southernandotherrailroadswerealleitheramor ewtl, eat use Km^ror s policy to empbati trary to their habits, too, for the popular voice to be Don hostile Oecaranona, proposed to wewken tnetemoorsJ cone yet Aay movement at this moment would be was demanded in many instances for short bills. TheNotwahston lusg that the official journal somewhat pom- their wicked acia. In these mischievous and perverse 1 ue to you. It goes ham against our own hearts to have femuve preparations. inspired by the conduct of the French Emperor, the ad- lot/ g'.os which w. deplore, the Sardinian govern-The speech 01 *ord John Raaseil, cutting adrift tbs alU-, to repea e-i to every comer of the Empire, aad thesuch a proposal in good earnest, and with the expectation of its being accepted; but German diplomatists, like the German nation ttself, are apt to dwell more in the regionscnvei u 1 :'.et on out courcb great injury, and to attack ltsrr*. r lower , whileacooroing to tae will of God the Holy re* 01 8t Pettr, as stated above, ought to be twop'i*-htttbat you do not dread their cut throats—those rt*»-r» whom, with a cruelty unknown to the Bourbor or • u to Austria, they, toe ministers of Christ, have armedThe tightness in the money market had an unfavorable effect on the stock market, and the funds closed X lower1 tovtof part m use community, they who live aadaad have tb»ir oeiag by trade, are paralysed, of cloud land than on ferraj&reta and to forget practiotl tecteu ia toe uberty of i u apostolic offioe The first evi- • b daggers—yon well know the trial would be uetther•ally oae of present distrust 10 ail—that aotesetapiaee bias; ao saaa can reckon upon so naively convinced that the people here havepower 01 tbe Pope and tbe authority of-toe Holy Se2 Bat Lei only unseasonable bat we might increase the dtffl- or Bfraction better than on Saturday. The decline eui.iee the noble defenders of toe national cause have Cuioniai produce market opened doll, the Bank havingu> e« nttnu with, and might come into collision with the raised ito 1 ate of discount >» per cent. Consols closed at was moat marked in Central and some of tae West-' •***• *> beep up the funds are too trans twdeceivsaaycae.aad are shanty a humble, msuited in affairs of foreign policy, and they are nothing to do bat to furnish men and money to carry outI r eech, to whom you, aa Italians,owe adebt of gratitude.04 \ .ern stocks, which have been largely bought os 8I0ILT. speculationatlowerprices.Centraldeclinedtor.ttti• m ahetttve mutatam of the asoftoTtoFresmhAmbaasadoratthoI" 1 the present, then, give proofs of discretion Those Serctom.nofraud,nosinwasavoided,'wh^couMex^ »110areprovokingyouwillseeatapropermomentl i n tKmntredndww.the1towsoftheirrulers—aoonvictlouwhichisrh1 •ymoat of the subjects—that they can hardly reaaz« t*. Mr otte the inl»abita«.u of the Slates of the churttoto^Sion » nether you lack courage. Those who are now promptferent position of a Brit«h minister, and the oe >« h* a under sf bowing to public opinion. i i i s u »The insurrection ta Sicily to spreading, aad the des- 794", closing st 79t bid, against 79. bid » Bene , masters were dispatched, a great deal of^oney « n you to violent revenge act ta tbe Interest of the go patch el troops from Naples continues. the cloae on Saturday. Other spe:alstffwas CTAEO aT"i—W*re "PPP1^. "citement •erumeat- they would wish to shed fresh Roman blood-en" i r l a a * ! Jvery^Wn* " " w a a ^ ^ ITM""*' s b ood which would do no harm, not good to the coun MAJPLBw. stocks fell off nearly as much. Comparing *»Austria and the Emperor of tbe French, and the Kins totcoarse, the inquiry of M ae Schietntts was negt v toe pan o. ^ W n O t W ^ w . J * * " "ta^totoaa come from the priestly sad An tasurrect on has broken out ta Naples The royal trsmsnetions at this morning's board with the dathat«ountry at Rome, without any regard to honeetTLdTaZZTeXL BT - & S S ^ t o S t o 1 w.nttotheMinerva. Someofhto mends cheered him, 0 6ta> sone uf onr ptwrinees, tee sedition wbJeh .. aone t me bau already been eatertamed eaeaeienaawl i w t S»aa almost entirely empty. Thus did the scheme mis- were cleared by patrols.Mail and Panama were steady. This s/tenioui tto aaaoacetherttuacahtoaverred,oawhat hacoatpiv,tunedbythetransfout«»lastopenly,theagitatorsdtiocttywac..mada threateffortsaremakingtocaptureCountMontemeliamarketwasquiteactive,andstocksclosed*****gMsJaJgaaal sVwSBwaW VBHBF a^BwHsTsm * * ^^w^wsaWastooray that ntotoihgslBjtiil *B the fussof toe dtotnott, would aotttre aha independence of Swttser-carry. SPAIN.toe adjoining dtotrloto to France, was a qaestwr. 0 t to which the great uowers w. re he had remena:rate<i on the subject. » 1Tne M a r i n Morocco.THT OF THB VKEI.1MI.VAKY TKBATY OF riACITbe Madrid Gaittte publtshee tbe text of the prebmina •tee ot peace with Morocco, whtoh hare received the toyal sanction:—and his brotherTbe boundaries of Oeuta have been amicably arranged.Tbe value of the territory ceded to Spain to three hundred million reals.the following quotations:—Virginia 6a, 9J«•** aflssouri Is, 84 s i; Canton, 31 s J; Cumberissd Coal preferred, 15; Pacific Mail, 104| s 106; *<•" Tort Central, 79J a 4; Erie, 1TJ s 18; Had** RiTer,41 s 4; Harlem. IS, s 4: Hariem P'*,en*Jc Leopold O'DonneU, Duke of Tetuan, Count of Lucena, • htoa la hto eadeavora remind tbe vioatjrs of the punishment anl atone £ > • * JMjg AhBB^ttafcn^sto., duly authorial byo affto aatahsaat* at •«-, „and which they beoooje latble to ft mithi ! have VfB ext»cted toat the originators of these violatK>n» *o. 1 m coaaequeaee ot our repeated Bttauaittonau e KiEg of Morocco, have agreed oa the followta* ure 1ternary bases for the conclusion of the treaty of peace • h«t - to put an end to the war between Spain aad MoA tie* 1. Hto Maiestv the King of Morocco cete- to her >•MJtheQne*-ncJtaeSoains.tnperpeturty,fullpos•n tbe annexation of Savoy, tike that of Russia, raises ae abjection to the annexation, an kmg as it to the free 00a oeemoa of lledmont, and not an appeal to universal sufMichigan Southern and Northern Indiana. Hi »u_ do. guaranteed. 2H a 24: Paaama. 1*64 a f: Ins** Central, SHj a 60. flaiena aad Chicago. 6JJ M•1 Cleve'andandTokl- M.»:Chicago«dB'Untitled DocumentauguraUon through hto new dominions The British Am- bassador (by orders from London) aad tbe Sardinian"ULifT* wm mu**- *» «*• afteraoeo the Corao and the demonstration ta Naples crushed The streets Southern guaranteed, j: Michigan Central, i-P* "Ilhaots Centralper oeat beads 7t>V; New York9i% for accountCotton—%lea yesterday aad today »,0M bales, at-ng prices oa Saturday. Rook Island declined f and honorable milk) wner—thatwith England that as h , . o a ^ ^ r ^ T * 1 ? % " '* abs'a.1. '-..m '.boir unjust projects, especially as aM the• '"ly "lurch, as well the 'aith'ul b«iM^«>'HThomas M. Tryniski 309 South 4th Street Fulton New York 13069- — -_"" '^••tTiwnoa tor triert •frageShe desires the neutrality of Piedmont SOVESIKT8 OP KTKAMXB8-www.fultonhistory.com 