 6NEF TOBK HEBALD, TUESDAT, JEPTEMBEB 18,J86q.-TR[FLE SHEBT.NEW YORK HERALD. apt': -!tton was recetved from the Seoond Av.-nue Rat. oi. J Cocnpaiif, satang for permistMoo to la? M i l l I I O B D U I I B * « I ! * T T , sr.eral crt'4 traeka and braac:i roach*. Referred. A p*rtrti<.n ircrfij a number of cithers was present-o r e * AND raorancTOR.oryicf K. v. Or NASwAO AX* FULTON 8T3.JTM^yMHl tymatl mill htntth*gubh themselves in the rery jaws of death.Here we have our Bloodina, Farinb and De- social relations of one-half the Unioa —si, ifupon subjecting them to the rule of some otb^er dogma, coosumitiate forever tbe ruin of tbe in- stitutiona ottr fathers established in the spirit of fraternity, acd wbicb we -ball bare con-ed by 4:..WT?nsa Henry. ;tt.Jiiog for fie estibltsii verted into instruments of tyranny. It b thegular craft is- to be selected from the popula- tion of niiaob, because the last syllable in the name of tbe Sucker State makes a prime rhyme for "one of the boys." The comman- der b -Douglas, of course, •*with a compass in bb band;'' and quite in contradiction to a pre- vious stanza, in which it b stated that the ship will " stop at every port aad take on Douglas men,'' we are told that it b not the intention to cast '• anchor until we are safe in Washing- ton." I'robably this wonderful vessel will lay to, or make fast to oce of the poet's rhymes.performance, for srheo the frightful caaem was commerce what would the United States L- u passed in safety he b said to have thanked this dayr It would rank a? » fourth or dish God that it was all over. rate Power, or. perhaps, be no Power at alt,It b very curious that so many people in this instead of being, as it b, second to oo other country are seized with an ambition to disti u Power in the world, on sea or land.metjt of a ferry in the North river, ia the neighborhexd of Oaaai street, to some poia' a N?w .ler-Mayor Wood shows that she assault upon tbetmt rmcmietd mm ««A«er)p<t<<4 j»ey. Ai-*- refemd. Aldennai Brady presentedsuccessful, break np tbe government: that tas_ XJT A»A/ir MMMAUt tmmmmtmmr ffpwi an oniin;:ace, enacting that there shiii be anDTAAVX» » • mm ptr owgm, wi |>«r mmmm.TMM WRSX.tr ~BIB AID m*ry Sttwrdm*, ml mias. tmtMp*r officer in the Croton Aqueduct Itoaxd who idiaULa Mountain, and the others who aspire to a transatlantic voyage in the air; orlikeCoppia, who seems determined to make an ascent in a paper balloon, without a valve or any other ap-the destruction of our commerce, and reduce a great nation to a number of petty, powerless States, with jarring interests, each of as Little importance in the world as a German duchy orera*,«Klife —IIW:I**Jfc.roj.WBn»,fcWJkropwn £^Uk*t «*erv W**i»e«>*<t.v,• f«x r**fa ,•»» Mjw. U f r w w fc>««f part*/ Urmti Britain, be catfed " The Inspector of City Railroad- a* tbe temporal good of those subject to his«r S» to ant, •art «/ «A* CwKfun*, k*>IA to tey»twm«; (Ax £»V«r»*>/***•"on(A<0(Au«UXMA«/«wA monthmi*i*«»!*of the cityof NewYork, whose dutyitwillbeto see that the railroads are kept to good repair; and also to t»ee that the ordinances of the Common Cooiicil renting to gas compuniea are fully com-sway. This truth holds good in relation to parties as wejl as to men, and hence the greater danger of black republican rule.It is against this danger that all phases of conservative opinion united last night at the Cooper Institute, and passed the patriotic reso- Intlon? which will be found in another column. They breathe the true spirit of our in-stitutions. And tbe meeting did something more than to pass resolutions. It took tbe path of action by Causing a com- mittee of fifteen to be appointed, with fullmm rnmm »- St SO»«r a**« m.VrTSSTJkXlL X BIHALD e*m*. tr K ;>" AIMWIR.a tW«d***4mlf, •< foureentt\»l•HUT/VSTBlflA .4.X3EV..Mo. 461 plied with. The salary of the Inspector to be $J.«*.0 per annnna. The paper was iaidwsver.States' come in for fifty lines, which so«nd more like prose than poetry. Mr. C. M. Clay b requested to raise bis voice like a " silver trumpet, calm and clear,"' and at tbe same time to take a re- trospective glance at " old Thermopylm." In case C M . C. and his friends should meet the fate of the Spartans at that celebrated pass, they axe comforted with the assurance that their names will " shine on glory's scroll, beside the came of Washington." which must be account- ed among the most flagrant instances of the abuse of poetical license on record.the winds, the Almighty and a few sheets of pa- per, wherfe and how be shall come down again. Then we t a d Van Amburgh, the menagerie man, who lored to sojourn, like another Daniel, in a den of Itoca, varying his amusement now and again by tantalizing one of the monsters with a tidbit in tbe shape ol his bead: and Herr Driesbacb, who used to go about with a fero- cious tiger in his arms, as though it were a petthe lowetV would be injarfoufcly affected and degraded. To prevent this resuh is the aim of the Mayor's speech, and he does not come for- ward as a partisan of any candidate, but ic i l vocacy of the defeat of the party who meditaterevolution. Thb b evidently the right view of tbe question, and amidst the barren mass of po- litical vet Mage, without meaning, which meets the eye, tbe speech of Fernando Wood b likeAJI0SEMXKTS THIS BTVKNIltO. GARDES, Broadway.-ItAin"0-M*~L>On motion of Alderman Tnomey a communica- tion frost the Crtton Aqueduct Department, asking for the award of contract to J. Haekley forthe Fourth avenue mains, was calhVc* up, sad rejected by a vote cf IS to 3. The Board adorned to fiveWTKT7R GARDEN. Bro*dway.-Ro*r O Mosa-Osa 0*4.-1*1*1 tlOj.BOW*RT VHSATSC, Bowery.-SATA* oa KA«TH—MY o'clock on Thursday.Boa DLUI.WALLACS'S THBATat, Broadw»y. - T u ROTAUSt— The Beard of Councilmefl hth! a short sessionlast ereoi::g. The only business of importance powers to adopt such an electoral ticket as theLA7KA c i c n i THZATRR, BM Broad way. - T i l l was the prtseutation of a resob.tioa h? Mr. Shaw, crisis and the country now demand. It now re-lamb. It b told of V an Amburgh that an Eng- a refreshing casts in the desert The pathMooter BOT. direetiag tie Finance Committee, cf which he ismains for that committee to present at once such a ticket as will command the full confi- dence and support of the people, and this cancal organizations. For the support of such a ticket let the merchants of New Vork contri- bute liberally, and the people unite heartily. By so doing we shall give increased strength to the united conservative elements of Penn- sylvania and New Jersey, and save New York from the shame of casting her vote for a fac- tious acd sectional candidate for the Presi- dency.The Poets ami the Presidency.The aphori.sm generally accredited to Be- ranger, but undoubtedly much older. " Let me write the songs for a nation, and 1 care not who makes its laws," cannot, we fear, be pleaded inmitigation of punishment by the ballad mongers who concocted the forty orfiftypoetical effusions which we printed the other day, and of which another in.-talment is given else u here. A great deal of just censure has been written in relationwhich it points out b the only one to victory.PARTY MACHINKRI—THK BlKiaoeoura* PO- LICE IJHRLS^KJ' tVro THE SERVICBO* LUCCOMC— When the Metropotiten Police bill was first iato see. But Van Amburgh carries hb bead on troduced in tbe Legislature we denounced it as« « » JOWXRT, Boirery. A a i o a r Aim CIKWAT**— f«t U'SX.M Kor AMIM.i-hshuiar. to report what step> are cecesaary to betaken for tbe purpose of recovering the revenueIw».i*-^'0Mf« A*» Hit Bajrmajui—LiTiaa Ovuoai accruing from auction duties to the Stat? govern- be done by ignoring the selfish claims of allBARBCM'B ASUTRICAN MUSEUM. Broadway.-U»y ao«lWe have thus picked a few plums out of this the wirepulling cliques and old rotten politi moralizing influence of the politicians, who, uotIISS, * * • •' 'BST A.VT3* MIX8TRKLS. Mertianiea* Hall, 471 Br©f4w»y.- BjRi.*fci7**, Soa*S, iiA acaa. A c . - ~ e « T » WASH AUNT.ment to a.'d in constniottog the Rrie canal. It ap- pears that in the year 1317 this city ceded the above revenue with the understanding that the.->esatisfied with their wickedness in plain prose, have turned the clear Casfalian rill into a mud- dy brook, poisoned the crystal fount of Heli- con, and transformed the bees of Hybla into un- seemly wasps. The only thing now required to make the work complete Is to wed the im- mortal numbers of the political bards to that heavenly maid, Music. We would respectfully suggest the name of Mr. William Henry Fry as tbe cempceer for the collection. He can use his -Stabat Mater" music in the Lincoln songs, and so get Old Abe by the ears. It is related of the warrior poet, Morris, at once a Cesar and a Horace, that he received a large slice of fat for writing a Taylor campaign song. At that rate of compensation. Signor Fry would be entitled to a foreign mission at least. The twelve labors of Hercules would be mere child's play to his task. However, fortune fa-bb shoulders still, and we suppose pops it iatu the lion's mouth with as much nonchalance as he lays it down on his pillow.Really, it is very curious that foreigners, no matter whether they be Frenchmen, or Dutch- men, or Irishmen, when they come to this coun-a measure concocted purely and solely for party object?, and pointed out the dangerous uses to w hich it would eventually !>e turned. We were met by arguments the plausibility of which hat weight with many well meaning persons, inas- much as they were based on the acknowledged abuses and inefficiency of the old police system.wrsi.o* BAIJOOH, Broadway.—Heourr * <Uwrnu.rt dt ties shoi'.Id revert back to the Corporation. A MIM:ISIJ t-t *rasort*a Sana*. Bsauu«ras. DA*CB» A*.—I » i B , . !it.<»« BALL. _ _ _ _ _ HATTONAf. THBATRS. Chalkaa.Street-rcot:>©-resolution was offered in favor of establishing a ferry between Haxlem and Westche-ter county.The 6! ecial Committee onfVgaraacy, appointed by the Board of Aldermen, which wa.* to meet yesterday to take into consideration the subject of vagrancy, had to postpone the meeting ia conse-r»»Aa ^.i.*:-IDIOT Wiiaw^CAifTEiiMCRT MUSIC H _ U * MS Broadwaj.-8o»as,D . I J H KiTiLLcsatrn. Aa.TRIPLE SHEET.try, seem to get a strong infusion of the dare- i it v. as contended that any change must be forquence of all the members not being present. Al- H«w Y ork, Tueadsvjr, ««pte-nl>«r 1*, 18fiO. derman Barry, the chairman of the committee, ad- jotirued the investigation until neat Wednesday, at one 1*. M. Parties interesiei ia the recent action MAILS FOR ETJTROPE. of the Board of Police Comrai&sioaer.-t. in causing the arrest ot »U persons found unemployed iu theffa* *«W Y ork Herald — aCdltlon for stredts. are requested to be prweut. Enropa.devilism of the Vaakees into them. Whether it b that they imbibe it from the almosphere. with its big thunder and splendid lightning, its comets, meteors, tornadoes and so forth, or that they want to realize the saying of the Kentucky man, that a Yankee can dive deeper, come up dryer, swim farther, jump higher, drinkmoreand eat faster, and do everything better, than any other man in creation. Certainly they perform more extraordinary feats under extraordinary circumstances, and with apparently as little object, than any etherpeople in the world, and of this the Prince of Wales has had one example on the very borders of the country.UNIVERSAL STFKRAGE ion NEGROES STATE.—The T,ib<nu of yesterday came out with a strong editorial in favor of universal negro suffrage in this State, and says the ques- tion to be voted on in the November election is not whether negroes should vote, for they are already voters, but whether those of the black race who have not •'S^.'iO worth of dirt'" should be deprived of the suffrage. By "dirt" the reader b to understand real estate, which Creeley used to call ''robbery."The philosopher of the TribeH* cannot see any good reason for the property qualification in the case of negroes, and contends there ought to be no distinction between them and white men. Thb argument proceeds upon the assumption of the black race being equal to the white which is contrary to notorious fact.the better, and that a fair trial should be given to the scheme embraced in the new bill. Not- withstanding it was shown that under the old law no such latitude of mischief exbted as wa-» furnished by thb measure, it was forced through the Legislature by a tyrannical majority, ut- terly regardless of the remoc>trances of the community whose interests were mo3t affectedby it.I or a time a certain show of impartiality waskept up by the maintenance on the commission of a few democrats, care being taken, however, that the republicans should always be in the majority. The constituting the Mayors of New York and Brooklyn ex-officio members was, how- ever, merely a temporary concession, which the framers ot tbe scheme were compelled to make to public opinion. So sweeping.and revolu- tionary a change would have at once betrayed its objects if the chief magistrates of the dis tricts most affected by the provisions of the bill were excluded from all share in its admia istration. They were, therefore, put upon the Board to give to it at the outset something of a municipal character, and to impart a coloring of fairness to its purely partisan organization.For a time thb farce was kept up, and inno- cent people began to believe that we were at last going to have a model police. A show of severity in the regulations touching tbe discipline of the department helped to confirm title opinion. Those, however,Tue Tappen and Craven investigation was cou- tinced yesterday afternoon in * e City Hall. The th* _u A for Europe will close tn tbla ctty th.s Aldermaiiic rommittee declined hearing new charges from Mr. Wadswoith or any other citi- zens, on the ground that such proceedings wouldl i s t iiard mail steamship America., Capt. Mwdie, will leave B<Mtoa. on Wednesday, for Liverpool.•lt»f03O3 ai a quarter past oae o'clock to go by railroad, Ml at a quarter to four o'clot-lc to go by steamboat.The EcaortjJ EWIIOJ or i n BSKAXB will be publlihea!at ten o'clock Hi tb* morainf. Single copies, ia wrap- adtciirneTTtili Thursday next for the purpose of to our civil and criminal code; but it must be vors the brave. So let Orpheus take off hispert, sx c«ats. • lbs oxr.ea.ts of toe Icsofii.it RDmcw or m HXSAID frlL combJM tbe awwa received by mail and telegraph at •be OSes i .r '.ai the previous week, and up to the boarmi pvbdcatuM. . ~~Tlas) Nwws.H\ the anival of the Tbutooia at this port, ami \\:c ,iv(.. .)>. IJU'-LH-I-. *e lia\e details of Ku;oi><inaffording him another opportunity of sustaining his charge-.apparent to the meanest conception that faulty as our laws may be, our songs are even worse- We caanct admit, for a moment, that the coun.coat, roll up his sleeves, and ROto work.H. R. H. VXD THE LAIUES—A GREAT QUES-i\, o o- - t.ttei than those received by the Meritia-Aflj.;s ia N'ajiles had reached a crisis. OntlieStates, died on Sunday night last at the Clarendon hotel ia this city. He was about returning to Washington, and his death was quite unexpected.aspirants that his health has been materially in- jured. He no longer gallops, canters or trotsWhile all this is going on smoothly enough, there b just a little cloud or two rising in the crinoline horizon. The ladies of the Mcl'lim- sey family are much exercised in their minds upon two subjects—that of dress (which willeettle itself in due time), and also on the grand question as to who will have the honor to dance with the Prince. There will be, say a thousand candidates for the Prince's hand, and of these nine hundred and eighty must be disappointed.be irregular. The Mayor did not appear, and theybones, iota's, Ac, 9f> oi the brain and nerves, 3 ofthe generative organs, It of the heart ami bloodvessels. 111' of the lungs, throat. A c , 13 ol old age,30 ot diseases oi the skin and ernptive fevers, 159of diseases of the stomach, bowelsand other diges-I>IK_VI :' tc<-iin, to the funds and cotton market, tive organs. 48;of general fevers, 5 premature births, muscular Christians would call a sockdolager.b therefore a very proper provision, and is in- tended as a stretch of liberality to meet the case of negroes (probably with white blood in their veins) who rise above the average level of theirpublic service was concerned, the new system was not going to work any better than the old one. And in tact the statistics of crime ia the metropolis exhibit relatively no greater im- provement to-day than that which they present- ed anterior to the reorganization of the force.iili'Ut . . .1 t.tiifi' place-.T'.i ••it .il i I'tnjilii atrons on tb> C'naineiit hiiildanced with tbe Prince of Wales.'It will be.^t»Di' ' i t . i.M'Uk-d lin.uteia! afl.iir- in f.oudou ami 1'nr*. t-i* t :- n o - in a measure cnuuteracted by tl.e HI..01 '.\e»l < t»'i' |t!«>-pe('. which tniil iu>|»arte«l j• grand epoch in the fair one's life, as impor-tant as the Bridge of Lodi or the field of Wa- race, and prove their superiority by the industrytn g'xsi demand, with sales reported of 1,290 a1,400 fn.-iov e:tetf ra! ticket. Business had slightly re- i hhds.. at about the current rates oi' yesteiday. Freights vm-d at JNiii Francisco. Avery lull sumreary oi j were active andfirmer,with free engagements at ralesthis:-question, although occupying its usual positionas first in the female orders of the day, willnot last forever, and belongs to ladies alone.Everybody, however, can take a hand in this State was not quite .'.I»,(MM». it probablyaciou:.;i they were endeavoring to arrange as'aid ('il Long John to Abraham. A looking very pliant,We must devise some humbug p'an To kill tne l i l t e Giant.given in another cotumu.de*|i.U< '.. 'TheInlonMeetingl.mtNight—Sewthe UC.Hfrc m ( hina i» given in our telegraphic iUnioa. aad the proceedings were, on the whole, wery i.iteresting. A grand torchlight procession of tha Unicn leagues and minute men took place In connection with the demonstration, and at a late hoc; the immense gathering, inside and Outside of the Institute, broke up with loud cheers for the constitution and one straight out Unioa ticket. Among the organizations on band, during the night, was the bnion league, No. 1, of .N>ath Brooklyn, which was formed previousto the fusion at Syracuse, by Thomaa Shanklanu. it was the first league organized by the friends ol tbe Union, during the preseut campaign, to defeat the black republicans. We give a full report of the proceedings elsewhere.j which New York, the material and intellectual ' centre of the confederacy, last night sent forth to all the sister States, in behalf of the frater- nity and -equality of all, will find a heartfelt echo in every one of them. It is not a merely '•commercial iiuestion that is now submitted to the people. It is not an abstract que-iion a- to the founding of new empires. It is not a strug-gle of freemen to recover rights usurped. It is far greater than either of these, for it is the question whether a nation of freemen, Itiily eudowed with the right of self-govern- ment, can and will exercis-- that right in a spi-box, in sweet commune, sat the late lamented select his partners for himself from among the come a balance of power in their hands to carry political organization: but to gain it there are Messrs. Webster and Calhoun: that Henry Clay crowd. We have often seen this very sensible their elections. The T•'•Uv. • boasts that even no depths of infamy that they will not stoop todrove the concern at that blissful period: that, idea carried into execution in the European the present number of negro votes has turned Will the people of New York submit any. rit of justice and equity, or whether, in the pride of opinion, they will follow the example the su Nicholas Hotel, and ended the day in con of th*1 inquisitors that ouce desolated the fair- fuaioo. The Volunteers made two or 4 « e e new j est countries of Europe; of tbe Puritans who propositions, which were rejected. Wbinond, drove the protesting Quakers from the bleakgreat political and social problems, will be left entirely open, and the affair takes the form of aThe r''.*;ooi»t3 were at work all day yesterday atbowevei, informed them that he was willing to in- fhospitality of Massachusetts bay. and say toI;!blanks is at the rate of one in fifty—a ratherwMemarin andonS < * which will keep the la-dies on tbe q„i Lttc. A new member of Con-gress endeavoring to dbtiact the attention ofMr. Speaker, who is intently gazing at the ceil-ing, is rather an entertaining object: butthe bevy of anxious fair ones who willsurroond the Prince will be a much moreInteresting study for the philanthropist andsoeial philosopher. However, the ladiesneed not mind what the men, in their ab-Sufd env v and eal- .i O"»y- may say. The grandthin<: is who will have the Prince: and we -ay as in the late muscular demonstration abroad, "may the prettiest women win." We shall leave the delicate task of ascertaining who they art lo the Chevalier Jenkins.BLONOIX AND THK PRIME OK WALES.---TheAmong the speeches delivered at the Union meeting last evening there is one that stands pre eminent for its comprehensive and states- manlike views. It is no narrow, sectional or partisan effnsion. It rises to the height of the occasion, with a masterly analysis of the true nature of the issue in the ('residential election, and a clear insight into the future, deducing by a most cogent logic the effect from the cau-e. and showing, with almost prophetic vision, the disastrous consequences which must reiult from the triumph ol the republican party. We refer to the speech.of Mayor Wood, which is worthy of the intelligence o the chief magis- trate of this great commercial metropolis.Is defeated: It matters not which section of th-* conservatives is triumphant, if the black repab- licacs are overthrown.The Breckinridge men are threatening to ruj a separate ticket if they cannot'get a fair pro- portion of electors on the fusion ticket: aad av> they are numerous in Ne^ Vsrk city aad Brook- lyn, tbe effect would be diaasuo'is. resulting with certainty in the victory of Lincoln. Now this would be the extreme oi folly, for it Wv,utd be playing the very game the Regency desire. Richmond and Co. want to see the republican ticket elected, and nothing would so annoy th^ta as to find the Breckinridge men voting for the Bell and Douglas ticket It btrue'it would be fat better the Breckinridge wing were properly re- presented on the ticket: but we must do tbe best our circumstances allow, if we caaaot do all that we could wish. This is prac- tical common sense. Better to vote for any ticket than let Lincoln be elected. The election of a broomstick would be preferable•ert the names of Wm. B. Duncan, A. T. Stewart. ' their non-conforming brethren of the South in J.J. Henry, Moses Taylor, W.F. Parks and Go :wernor Rembie in the electoral ticket. This wa* social policy, think and act a3 I do, or yourfields -hall be given over to servile war, your nowhere to be found. | homes to the Hames and your necks to the Tbe Simon pure Tammany General Committee , bloody sword. It is the great question whether assembled bst night in the Old Wigwam, to make i freemen can exercise the right of self-govern-arrangement* for the November election. Klijah ment without playing the tyrant, and in its so F. Purdy presided, and a very lull attendance of tatiou stands the very existence nf free insti-rejected by the Volunteers. James r. Brady wasmeiibers was noticed. The session was long,bat net stormy, the most laudable harmonyand good feeling iwing exhibited throughoutthe ptoceedings. Complete arrangements for theelection of delegates to the nominating conventionswere made, inspectors appointed and all tne tittl-niinutut fully provided for. The programme agreedopon this year varies considerably from that of pre»ioo3>e.ir*. There ia to be only one convention,composed of seven delegates from each ward, forthe nomination of the city and county officer*. For ' them, by demonstrating the sad truth thatfurthet particulars we refer our readers to our ad fanatic majorities need a powerful band to con-rerti-mg co'umns.A special meeting (of the Board oi Superv>i»r>took place yesterday to appoint Inspectors of Re g;sier>. The special conuntttee appointed for the •election of names not being pretiared with their report, the Board, on motion of Sapervi-or Tweed, took a recess until Tuesday, the 2ftth inst., at three 0 . 'CH *. when they wdl proceed to ballot.I . ,-K.I cl Aiiieroctt met teat evening. Astrol them, and weak minorities one to protect their rights. If we to-day strike a blow at the rights of the Southern States, because we be- lieve to be a moral and social evil what they sustain as tbe scheme of society best adapted to the happiness and welfare of all. the next step will be to apply the sa:ue pride of opinion to soce aatcc.? Olirselvw izd by ;iaii#tingparticipate in it on In-m limut—witness wishes all the friends of that eminent states- his precaution to have the ball roomman •• that's scattered o er the land." to give propped up at Cobourg the other day— ear. lor he is going " to build a Douglas ship.'" anfl being a representative of the great Britisha miraculous specimen of naval architecture. nation, of course he has uo aversion to walkingUntitled Document" to sail upen the land." The pilot of this sin- on stilts occasionally^ However, it tppear< that he was net much smitten with. Blond:?.'*Thomas M. Tryniski 309 South 4th Street Fulton New York 13069of the commercial bearing of the issue upon the destinies of a nation whose external greatness, as well as its internal prosperity, is fuunded in commerce. Every country in the world which has risen to grandeur, and long main- tained its status in the scale of nations, owes its power to commerce, which i- also th - source ?.ttd the ?a'egn:ird of poit'ical liberty. Without' ot the Breckinridge men do not see the ques-tion in its true light. By voting for Doitgia* and Bell, in case they cannot get a ticket re- preienting all the conservative elements, i- only voting tor Breckinridge after all; for the effect would be not to benefit Dorgbs. wiio Caa sot be elected either by the pecp'e or i. t^c House of Rf»?:e$ectative.-. but to e>:ea' L.x: oi-.28fromviolentcauses. Thenativitytablegives332a :'.hcii::e-. Some o! Walker's men. who were >ick ; fluence of tbe foreign news, but without quotable change They have knocked up Pegasus, hopelessly un- opportune time. JThere fa just now a dearth of»L>. ii s <'e-*;tuu- cond bon, were to be permitted to teU a :i the United States, but Genera! Walker u m-^eii an ' Col. Kiiddci were to be slut.in prices. The sales embraced about 1,500 bales, large receipts, with the unfavorable intelligence from F.urope, produced almost a stampede in the market for breadstuns yesterday. The whole de:line m some grades of Hourstrung the heavenly lyre, and created the most irreparable discords among the tuneful Nine.much better. In the free States the compe- tition of white men. who excel them in skilled labor and intelligence, keeps the general mass of ihem in an abject condition, greatly inferior to their status in that modified servitude under Christian masters which prevails at the South. Giving them permission to vote would not im- prove their condition, but. considering their generalwantofeducationandtheirvicesin large cities, it would prove a source of corrup- tion to them, and an iDjury to the community at large. By the last census the negro populationdoes uot exceed that figure now, for Northernwell as other people. So we will give the freedom b fatal to its growth. By the pro- no doubt, to the same object.and even the stereotyped " man with fine con- Look, for example, at the laureates of Mr. versational powers" is occasionally obliged to B.v tit ^iriv.ilof the overland p.'ny express we ' reached from 10c. a 20c. per bbl , while sales were mod- Douglas. They are, we believe, the more incontinently dry up. The ladies will not havehave a«_h i e-from San Praheiaco to the 6th inst.. I erate. Wheat fell oft 3«. a 4c per bushel, though it was 1ami fuci tit' ? kong. China, to the 24th ol July. ' active at tbe deciine. Corn was heavy, at 68c, a Sic. forTlic new '.i m California is not o» special imooit- ; We8teru mixed, with a fair amount of tales. Pork wasance. Tit i'ouglas and Bell Kverett State Con- '•dull, with sales oi new mess at $19 23 a $19 37 ~i, and atvent;.-a.--eelatSacramentoonthet.th,amiatlastj$1412a$14.5fornewprime.Sugarsweresteadyand havethemostdelightfulquatrains,suchas nothingnewattheOpera,andthedrygoodsj \ o r k for the ( n l o n and the Constitu- 1 tion.—which we submit as on*- of the morceau.v of the collection.in this discussion about the Prince, and we asTtieciad I'uion ib-uionstration at the CooperInatitt,!'- U-t evening wa» an overflowing ami en-thmiaatic alair. Such a united aad popular move-meat ha .. [Hiliaps, never taken place in thi- city j ten- of thousands as she did last evening, atThere is a song for Breckinridge and Lane, to ladies a little light on the subject. In Kurope, posed change their votes would number, in- the air, •• hon't you wish you may get it." whichis rather an unfortunate selection. In another except on great state occasions, where an ex- stead of three or four hundred, from nine tot tution?Never before has New York poured out herj the call of patriotism, to ratify the union of all the censer, ative elements for the sake of theact programme of everything that is to be done b made out by the Grand Chamberlain, it is customary for the King, Prince, Grand Duketen thousand, made up of the inhabitants of the Five Points and all the purlieus of vice and crime in the city: and this festering mess theThe utmost liarmony pervated the proceedings,ami the proposition to appoint a committee tonominate one straight oat Union ticket forthe defeat of the black republicans was re-ceived with stich applause and heartiness of entha-Bia&m as are seldom witnessed. The meeting was j were ever called upon to sustain, and the voice addressed by gentlemen from different States of thedelightful lyric, the republic is, by a happyfigure of speech, likened to a wagon. " a noblej Union.j The crisis is a great one. the Interests at j stake are the highest that a nation of freemenvehicle, built in seventy-six. and driven byGeorge Washington through stormy politics." or what not to open the ball with some lady republican chiefs calculate <bey can sway by which they have in view; They know that one Then we are informed that upon this wagon holding an official position, and afterwards to prejudice or purchase with money, so as to be- Presidential term must damn them forever as aIf the sentiment of justice and of reapect for the rights of States which are our peers in all things does not prevail in the present politicalj contest, a deadly blow wiW be struck at ' the U ^ r y of %elf-gorernment by thoseThis is not the narrow partisan speech ol apolitician. It does not enter into questionsabout conventions, or tickets, or rival candi-dates, or personal matters, but it takes high na-tional ground, and a broad view of the greatvital question which is to be decided by thepeople and the electors, or by the House ofRepresentatives. He gives an able exposition to the success of the republican ticket. Manywho claim to be its most devoted sup j porters. Representative institutions will i have lost tbe wiuiity that we claim forseems rather an unfortunate one. In anotherof the Lincoln songs there is an elegant refe- i Prince of Wales, we learn, is slightly disgustedrence to Mr. Hamlin: it is declared that the re-! with Blondin and his dancing and stilt walking publicans will give them (the democrats) ! on the tight rope over the fearful chasm at Ni-" Ham enough this fall," that it will be served I agmia. The Prince is an admirer of tbe Terp- up " neat and plain," and "just imported from ' sichorean art. but he likes to see it andweakness and the misfortune of humanity that no rvraat b so terrible at the one that b con- vinced that he is acting from motives of tbe highest morality, and for the spiritual as welllaves tempting Providence upon a tight rope;our wonderful balloon fanciers, like Wise and success of the republican party must result iaThe motion for an attachment against Taylor andj Brciinan for contempt in continuing to receive the try could be safely governed by either the dis- tbe several sub-committees having in chargeIN THISTION ON THE TOILETTE TABLE.—We hear that I rent- of the West Washington Market after the de- ciples of Themis or Apollo, as they are here ex- the arrangements for the ball to the Baron Ren-1 i-isiou of the Supreme Court prohibitinc; them from doing so, was to have been henrd yesterday, butpounded.frew are progressing finely with their work,nt V.H ti t.e tih irifet.. ami U-legraphic advice, tu j was postponed until this day.IL. t-vi- ui; of tht- Till. The date by the Jura ar>- | l>on Juan Bello. Minister fiom Chili to the United paign, and he has been mounted by so many tinguished guest.6th MM. <.JI. »aldi ami hid forces appeared at >ale-rano. ooJ.v thirty mile* from the capital, which he Th" members of the [diplomatic Corps and his smoothly. He rears tfp before, and he kicksprobabiy entered on the same day. or the day fol- friends are invited to attend his funeral this morn- out behind. He interferes, he limps, he halts, lowing. Toe kiajr bad placed his baggage and ing at half pant ten o'clock, chnrch of St. Francis and goes upon three legs, lie is like Petru-other r ..eta on board a veasel. and one account state* ti.jt he wod<! leave for (''aeta on the 6t'.:. v.•! iie another authority reports that he world remain till the last extremity. The Bour- bo<!>. however, have ever been discreet when theirper>K';i.it safety wa* eudangered, and there is little doubt tat that he tan away in good season. The revilctica was spreading in ail directions.The lucky ones will have something to talkabout for the rest of their lives. They will The negro never was, and never will be, equal who look to results rather than to pro-Tb'-n are n-port- ol a renewal of the dhtnr during the corresponding week last year. The re- i.«c.i'< •> . i Syri;<. itJiil !•! niitMsacrV" of Chri«tian> ;»t cap nulaticn table gives 2 deaths of diseases of the»• • if 1 < M-rult- were ctirrc>j»oiiili'ig)y depresbetl. 2 of disease of the urinary organs, t unknown, andBy tetecT:<pIi from New in lean- we have advice^ fo'L Ticulio, Hon<lurd«. to the 7th inat. iJeneralchange the fashionable formula of commencing conversation from '-When I was in Paris,'' or *'The last time I was in Rome, to "When Ito the white man; and the qualification of $2~>0 fessions/ soon found out that, as far as theXavier, Sixteenth street.The settlement of the order iu the New HavenKailrcad ca-e (the Schuyler frauds) was also post- poned until to-day.According to the City Inspector's report, there were 174 deaths in the city during the pa3t week, a decrease of 40 as compared with the mortality of the week previous, and 7 less than occurredThe political Pegasus has assumed, how- and that no labor or expense will be spared to ever, a vast deal of importance during this cam- make the ball worthy of the city and its dis-Chios Rosinante, "possessed with the glanders, and like to mose in the chine, troubled with the lampas. infected with the fashions, full of windgall?, sped with spavins, and stark spoiled with the staggers."' If the poor old fellow can not do better, he ought to be turned out in Mil- tonian pastures and permitted to die comforta- bly among his ancient friends. Such, however, is not the charitable intention of the bards who sing the praises of the several candidates for the Piesideacy*. They have none of the quality of mercy in their composkion. They do not sweep the lyre with the gentle touch of the heavenly Nine; they pitch into it with what then*aike< an.i st > enty of his men had been captured !Germany, 7 of England, b of Scotland, and the bung its nose, knock its teeth down its throat, shrouded, it has become for tbe moment the all blacks, or barbers or whitewashers. or steve- at Ric Negro by boat" from the British war steam | balance of various foreign countries. jump and stamp upon it, and are even base absorbing topic in tbe most extended crinoline dores or servants. In the slave States, where erbaa.i.andweredeliverednpn>t!ieHondiuf-' ThecottonmarketyesterdayMasfirmer,undertheIn- enoughtokickitwheninarecumbentposition. Circles.Fortheladiesthequestioncomesatan thenegrobinhisnormalcondition,hedoesnumerous of the bardlings. One of them sings politics, at any price: some of the old onesdab-of an imaginary conversation between I'ncle Abe and Long Johu Wi-ntworth, in which weWe in stocks, but are completely in the fog as to the meaning of the brokers' slang; there isearnestly inquires for "that band ever glorious and true, when danger besets, and high courage is needed, to the good ship of State both com- mander and crew," and desires to have it dis- tinctly understood that the " watchword hasbeen given." The question that next presents itself is, whether the said "watchword" shall" pass unheeded We trust not; for. indepen- dently of the dang.-r to the Union, we might, in the threatened contingency, be obliged to suf- fer another poem, in addition to the horrors of civil war and other disagreeable things.We come now to a Bell and Everett lay, alsoto the tune of the S. S. B. In this we are re-quested to •• Hark to the swell of sweet voicesthat well from harmonious throats in accordwith our Bell tpum, and are further informedthat •• they are the voices of peace, for thewhole nation knows, that woman is with uswhere Everett goes." A Lincoln song likensHoneM Old Abe to Robin Hood, who was acommon and notorious thief. The comparisonhis eye. So that the question, like all other republican party is seeking to accomplish by anow going forward between conservatism on one side and revolutionary black repubiicjaisai on the other, what difference does it make whatold Maine." A nautical friend of Mr. Douglasj" Tbe brave out spoken republicans of tbe slave pliance for guidance or safety, but trusting to principality. All classes, from the highest tolishman, who was certain that some time or another the great lioa tamer would get hb bead bitten off by one of his favorites, accom- panied him all over Europe, so that when the charming collection in ordef to show the de interesting event took place he might be thereand temperate habits and intelligence whichAs a natural consequence of the magnitude enabled them to accumulate so much property. But in other respects there has been a verygram to the First Napoleonj M < i importance of this vexed question, as well Very few of them in the ^free States ever getgreat change, and that for the worse. Intoxi- cated with the success of their scheme, the black republicans in the Legislature threw aside all disguise, and eliminated from the commis- siontheonlyelementsthatimpartedtoita character of fairness and respectability, thus converting the department into what it was originally designed to be, a mere political en- gine. Not only are its members now compelled to do personal service for the party, contraryfto the duties which they owe the public, but every man of them is placed under contri- bution, in sums ranging from iive to one hun- dreddollars,toaidthefundforcarryingthe election 01 its political nominees ia Norember next. Even the money paid over to th* Com- missioners by the orders of the Japanese Am- bassadors has been withheld from the force. under some flimsy pretext, to be appropriated,Such are the men who aim to wield the destinies of the country for the ne\t foar years. There is no injustice too barefaced, uo mean- ness too petty, that they will stop short of to carry out the gigantic schemes of plunderThey, in point of fact, punch tbe heavenly lyrenatives of the United States, 82] of Ireland, '19 of in its classic head: they blacken its eye, they as the mystery in which its solution seems to be beyond the profession of waiters or boot-subjects suited to drawing room discussions.court balls. In the special matter under re- the scale in an election for Governor. Whatlonger to be thus trampled upon and plun- the Union take a safer Union ride.'' A Douglas view, the niece of the President, the lady who might it not do when swelled lo ten thousand.' dered by this vile and unscrupulous faction': song, to the same favorite air. has assumed that presides with so much dignity and grace over The T,-H>r,.r contends that Jthere is an incon- Let their conduct at the polls in the ensuing S. A. I >. is the genuine, only original democratic tbe executive mansion, has been selected as sistency in not allowing all negroes to vote or elections at least show that the know how toMr. Cass was - a t bis side." and "never did'tbe proper partner for the guest of the nation, in not preventing all. Very well. The best candidate, because "democratic usage has ;distinguish falce democrats who further their spoken out anew, and nominated Stephen A., to and therefore the ball will be opened bv Miss way to c tre the inconsistency, if it exists, is to nefarious schemes from those who remain loyalevery section true." which ought to settle the Harriet Lane and the Baron lienfrew. Subse amend *he constitution by taking away the to the cause of good government and the main- question of regularity so far as the poetical as- ey*ently, we presume, the European rule suffrage from every negro. It mm-t either come tenance of the federal compactpect cf the ailair is concerned. A rhymster, will be carried out, and the Prince will be at to that at last, or to fraternity. equality andwho affects the •• Star Spangled Banner"' metre! liberty to select any lady who happens to catch amalgamation, which is the grand object the WriAi i> IHK DIFKKRI-.-M i I: the contestreign of terror.lottery, wherein the proportion of prizes to the A STATESMANi IKE M'CJGCU OX IHK CKI-I.-..— ticket is elected ia this State, provided Lincoln www.fultonhistory.com 