 ^without coming to any vote, though time into precious, and every minute brings the North and South nearer to a collision; aad. ia fiat, we know n o * | P moment when hostilities amy commence. The Committee of Thirteen in the Senate have failed to agree upon any terms of peace. T h e republican members declared tfcey would make no compromise, and "bndnogfta-country, owing t o h e r geographical position, her vast oommerce. her noble harbor, the great arteries for carriage which bound the island on both sides, and the conservative character of her people, yet it is impossible to expect that, in the event of a calamity so terrible as that which now threatens, her growth and pros- perity would n o t receive a fearful check.4NEW YOBK HERALD. -wosTid be to levy war and*i s the H*>me evidently didNJSW YJ5E_I5E^UES^-^»?^Ite ft rerolntion. Noventber, and w e then predicted ita progrnm In forty years to come—that Is, at the openiogto come t » a and warned the country of the a $ i s ^ 4*afor. af toe tweatieta century—the population will Vithdrew We arenow in the eighth week of theorists, be six millions and a half, or half a millioncio if to return to first-——upon toe nativemore than anything else that could haveJ A M B S e o K O O i i i I I B f f ivote upon the proportion,Mr.! i t The House also adjourned The screw sVamship Jura,*7.more than London, supposing the British capi-tal to increase at her ratio for the last fortyt a peaceable solution. In a few weeks moreshould the same inactivity prevail among mmfriends of the Union, the time wffl have passed city in toe Christian world, and will almostby forever tor reconciliation between the two challenge any of the Asiatic cities to tfral her.of strengtk, the principle wfalak has tost now latLwtriusaphaatavindioatioainof Garibaldi and his brave followers.csaarreaees whichthe asanas of thefar OrteaS have, century after century, straggled to amia- Udn against the eoterpriee of the Weet CtoaorJBHenAND ntormxTon.and nothing baa been y e t done towards giving • & k b a ^snis>m^nA<ADBJJYpr HTJSIC,» .---Tit* Unci .Mr.NIBLO'S OABDEH, BrOSdwaj.—XBCSJilfc—C«tU«MJI M•UK W t M%TMW«£5!3?r- fflTlKTM « • 0 » t'.snu>*.maintain the prosperity of the State, they have liberty of the press in Prance as in England, and the law becomes a dead letter." It is said thatcumstances Mr. Toombs, of Georgia, a member of the committee, telegraphed on Sunday efen ing to the people of that Stat* in these wonto: - "I hare put the test fairly and frankly. It is decisiveagainstyonnow. Itellyou,upontlie faith of a true man, that all further looking to toe North for security for your constitutional rights in the Union onght to be instantly aban-people shall have their merry Ghriatmas, a n d Santa Claus shall be as liberal as ever; the hymn o f praise a n d thanksgiving shall ascend to the Giver of all good; toe Christmas tree, the evergreen wreath, the yule log, toe mistletoe bough, all toe time honored symbols of jollity and good cheer, shall b e duly honored through- out the length and breadth of this fair lead. A right merry Christmas, then, to a l lTfce Great West Versma Hae Great East— • Conquest avawt Revolution In China.valor. W e await with interest the particulars of this important capture, a n d fta effect upon the empire a t large, merely premising that am early peace will b e tor more advantageous to the Allies than any indemnity which maybeexacted from the Chinese.The excitementrobbery of tke Indian Trust bonds at Wash- ington was intense yesterday all through thelUr f*»*t iWBKT THBATBB, •TUMMABooss's~ M k l i l LWAIXAOK'S VBXATBn, #usua TIM.—Afwrnooa Mid Kfsnin*- this circular will be followed by a revocation of IVsocnt-MoMrsaorST. thelegaleffectsofall"warnings"thathavebeenLAP«A nCKK'B WimigM, a*. 0M Bnadwaf.- A/ICIMH sad RTentaf—*•*•• • • —the installation of the Duke of Newcastle as Pro-vincial Masonic Grand Master of Nottinghamshire.his Grace took occasion in his address to refer to doned. It is fraught with nothing but ruin to—r*st Has or maddressed to the journals.At a banquet given at Nottingham, In honor ofIndian Trust Fund atorganizedand consolidated.A nd" yetshould h e commenced.m-44 of diseases of the stomach, bowels and other latter was rejected. Mr. Toombs' programme was digestive organs, 35 of general fevers, and 1perial high road to Pekin. The loss oa this occasion to the British was three killed and forty-seven wounded, and to the enemy a much greater number, besides forty-three guns.The Chinese army had now retired upon the city, and the British and French were close under ita walls. These a r e toe latest details received prior to the despatch to the English Foreign Office stating that Pekin surrendered to tho Allies on the 13th of October, and yielded to all their demands. Further, that theEmperor'ssummerpalace wassacked,andare aa it were gorged with the spoils of eight unbroken years' accumulation; b a t toe repub- licans are coining fresh and hungry into the field to fatten upon the sweets of the Treasury,alaves. The first proposition was adopted, but thealso rejected. The committee will meet again on Wednesday, when ft is expected that they wffl conclude their sittings.The preeoooangs ef Congress yesterday were in- In the Senate, Mr. Pugh, of Ohio, of-m favor of holding a Con- It was referredtoHsl|>Jlc«Committeeof Thirteen. Mr.Wilson andpriceswerebetter,havingadvancedfrom6c.to10c, introduced a bffl providing for the mora effectual and in some eases as much as 16c. per Mat,which,suppression of the slave tirade. The bill for the i was taken up, and Mr. Nich- speech on the perilousHe argued that any re- jovernment against Southpower in the realm.minister appeals directly to toe people; and in truth the government of allEurope Is now ap- proximating tho purely mental and philosophi-" ^ftHe was foUowedoffered a resolution, which ho had already pro-JP* *^*^^"U SAU w n i fcjvp^r^rsowsi ^^ irnsnnsmo vSW/%F \Mm » eaan OOT^JAJSJI ^r Xadd•MW »*"** ^*n OwawvnaoBp no ynssHVwi •"ftPoWwjmji^Hsffteedob •BMSBBKIIIDOutasvouwcoQauHiuonoocianng aco. thatpropertyinslavesberecognisedasaudithe meantime, the President elect willthese concessions, thenitisto behoped that the sun of the 4th of March wffl not rise in blood,andthatMr.LincolnwillbethePresi- dent, not of* tke Northern fragment of a broken Union, but of the thirty-three United States.Tan GROWTH or Nsw Yoat—We publiah to-and order b y voluntary obedience tolaw, going through at stated Intervals a beendependentupontoesafetyofPekin;andfooting m allfederal andas any other species of pro- property shall not be subject toeB^B^aSftBwneB'naa#fte> V Sat $15 87x a $18 for new, $10 25 for old prime, and at fcy'Mr. DooHttio, who was of opinion HI Tlfornew. Sugarsweresteady, with sales of860hmttao,• 0ta*|them an by see aVmohrt*Untitled DocumentLiverpool on the 11th iastnr^jfatred at this port last evening: Her advicesbare beam anticipated by the Fulton off Cape Race, but the reception of our files enables na to give details of European news two days Inter than previously received.The nascent kingdom o f Italy is still in a troubled state, and the statesmen who are in charge of Na- ples are said t o b e very disconsolate over Iheiryears also.New York wffl then be toe most pwuious menu, for toese States, ooMtaMted apoa any aad closer, since the oeaejaest of Chine byprospects.and the Garibaldians did good sen ice by suppress- ing it. Others ofthe name force have had toonbtos at Aversa, the population of which tried to oust them, but the red shirts remained masters.aoi ostiy as of too Romish ehareh InReaction has shown itself at Caserta,II. da Persigny, in a circular to the prefects,which w e publish elsewhere this morning, declareshis resolve "to encourage the habit of free dis-ctmdonm Frenee**--an encouragemont whichtoindeed sorely needed. "Abuses in society or go-vernment" may be disclosed; the "acts of the ad-ministration' may be discussed, and injustice maybe revealed; "but should psrttes endeavor to over-throw the State and dynasty, the law will not per- raniees to offer.'' They rejected unanimouslynot as tor o#aa aome people Imagine—we shall hear n o more o f Southern secession a a d North- em fanaticism.In which well grounded faith, and in a hope- ful and a choerfnl spirit, we tender to all our leaders, young aad old, tke compliments ofcause of too rebellion which they havethe reasonable propositions o f Mr. Crittenden - \ mtt discussion, and the « ^ " ^ * " ! £ : i h * conservative statesman, w h o stands betweenthen be enforced." If, as in England, "aB P*"t0ftJ w* «,„„«„.„ UnH,.r t)and all writers only desire liberty of too prom to'l t*h•e extremes of the sections,. under tuese cir-a n d ItsTeaelitags.his late transatlantic trip, and alluded particularlyyourselves and your posterity. Recession b y theIOJW BOWnSV HTUATR1. fcwr -Afts*a*on-*4B«n A-MAMC TT«rrr-Ro—g» MMUISS. Brentes-Pur to the cordiality of the American people in their 4th day of March next should oe thundered iiAN-aoiMuuim-ilftui CmxA.from theballot boxby the unanimous voice of \—Barens remarks in another part of this morning's paper. Georgia on the 2d day of January nest. .Suchcausedb ytoe newsof thebut were negotiating a loan of £1,000,000 sterling with parties in England, pledging for payment half the customs duties. N o movement had been made to obtain satisfaction for til* claims of Ame- rican citizens, and our Minister, inpress the subject on his own responsibility.At the meeting of the Board of Aldermen last evening a communication was received from act- ing Mayor Peck, asking for their concurrence withhim in the removal of Nathan C. Piatt from the office of City Chamberlain, and the nomination of Daniel Devlin to fill the vacancy. The Board con- curred with him by a vote of IS to 4. The de- tailed estimate for additional appropriations formond Whig, for instance, prefers that,the spii-itof civilization. Whenthepriestbetraysof n a HBKALSsad tskgrapli at 1860, amended by the insertion of $81,000,individuals heretofore. A n d w o prefer con-forming to the usual practice still to runningaway from o u r rights a n d waiting a declarationof war on the part of our aggressors." This isthe kind of conservatism that exhibits itaelf atthe South. T h e sectional spirit h a s becomethere identified with patriotism, and therevolution is, with every rising son, becoming more intensified and more thorough idens by which the world is now go-Chineseplenipotentiariesh a dup to the hour of•_ The Mows.Too princfraj^jtobject of discussion yesterdayLi monetary aad pjjitical circles WASthe recentlyediscovered frauds Wj^Washington. The asWtional revelations respect- ing the affair show ties the first reports as to the amount abstracted w w correct. It is thought, however, that the ge^hmment is protected fromloss. Bailey, tit* clerk of the Interior Department who abotracted the bond*, was yesterday released on three !>»•••nd dollars bail, and it was alleged, a* a reason for the small amount of security, that he has tamed State's evidence. Mr. Wm. H. Russell, thePresidentoftheOverlandPonyExpressCom- pany , and of the firm of Russell, Majors A Wad- dell, of S t Louis, the army transportation con- tractors, w a s yesterday arrested in this city, charged with complicity in the Indian Trust Bonds fraud. Our despatches from Washington detail the particulars of the entire transaction. The sub-ject is to be thoroughly investigated by a special committee of Congress.There are reports from Washington of a defalca- tion in the Treasury Department to a large amount Whether the reports will b e verified remains t o b e seen.There was great excitement in Pittsburg, Pa., yesterday, owing to a report that negotiations were on foot for the transfer of cannon from the Alleghany arsenal t o Newport, near Galveston, and Belize, Mississippi.At the meeting of the Senate Crisis Committee Mr. Seward presented two proposi- that the present constitution should never hereafter be amended so as to allow Con-gress to interfere with the local institutions of the vessels, 124 ofthe lungs, throat, Ae., 3 of old age, States; the other allowing trial by Jury to fugitive 47 of skin and eruptive fevers, 7 premature births,Instead of 1105,000, for the entertainment of the Japanese Embassy, was received from the Board of Councilmen for the concurrence of the Board of Aldermen. After some little debate the Board concurred with the Councilmen, Alder- men Darragh and Seagrist being the only dissent-foundthemselvesb yA t this time a saddening voices.was ordered to prepare his "Manual'' for the year 1861, and a large amount of routine business was transacted.In the Board of Councilmen last evening Mr. Costello presented a resolution in favor of giving permission t o the owners and occupants o f stalls in the publio markets throughout the oity to con- tinue open until eight o'clock P . M. on Saturday nights,whichwasadopted. Aresolution,which was offerred b y Mr. Munson, w s s also adopted, di- recting the Comptroller to appoint andnspeetor in order t o examine the manner in which the contract for paving Eighth avenue, between Fourteenth and Forty-second streets, has been complied with, before any moneys are paid for the work. The Board concurred with the Aldermen to compen- sate the clerks of the city canvassers, and also preferred a request to David T. Valentine to pre- pare the' 'Manual of the Common Council for 1861.'' A number of reports and other papers from the Aldermen were presented and laid over, and the Board adjourned till Thursday.Mr. Valentine, the Clerk ofthe Board,According to the City Inspector's report, therewere 377 deaths in this city during the past week,an increase of 5 as compared with the mortalityof the week previous, and 64 less than occurredduring the corresponding week last year. The re-capitulation table gives 4 deaths of diseases of thobones,joints,Ac.,84ofthebrainandnerves,3of cultywiththepoliticiansisthattheyhavebeen the generative organs, 15 of the heart and bloodThe wantplaced the several States at the mercy of usurpers and tyrants. The moment that tke Italian people united in an effort against the despots their thrones tottered; when GaribaldiappearedaiHheleaderofthemove- ment they fell. And now we find Piedmont, Loiubardy, the Duchies, Naples and Sicilyof disease of the urinary organs, of which 17and the occasion demands the wisdom of statesinstead of jocular merriment and such ambi- other European States we shall find that thewere from violent causes.242natives of the United States, 8 of England, 88 of Ireland, 22 of Germany, 5 of Scotland, and the balance of various foreign countries.the large and highly respectable house of Mora, NavarroendorseWeekoftheCrisis. Every daybrings na some fresh intelligence of the steady progress of the revolution at the tonsad by any local law in any State,and South, aad of flat reckless infatuation at the property beimpairedin North; which either looks on inmote, stolidharmless political revolution, and preserving unshakenthefoundationsofpopularliberty, could not fail to tell upon the old systems. And tke effect of tke failure of oar institutions, before they have had a fair trial, would retard the cause of popular liberty to a muck greaterif so, too Allies are in a very perplexing posi- tion.NowthattheEmperorhasfled,hispower of exacting obedience mayhave expired, aad toe question therefore arises: who are the Allies to negotiate with? Will the Tae-Ping insur- gent*-usurp toe imperial authority, and whatThe nativity table givesThe cotton market continued firm yesterday, with•ales of about 1,800 a 1,308 bake. Prices closed stiff onthe basis of l i e for middling uplands. Flour was firmer plainly and squarely, and tell the countrywith the firmness of* holders, restricted sales to a mode- rateextent. Wheat wassawfirm,butowing totheen- hanced views of holders sales were light sad the market dosed dull Com was in fair demand, with moderateat prices given in another place. Perk was , but in more request and with mere doing. Salesofmessweremadeat$1636a$1637*forold,andItwoulddomoretobringpeacetothe mcettyforrefining. Cbflsewassteadyandsaleslimited. courseoftkeensuingmonth,andtkeSouthcan ham anything else. The bill was finally Freights exhibited more firmness, while engagements take the month of February to consider suckspeetal order far Monday. Mr. Davis were moderate. Weregret to state that two or three offers of friendship, conciliation and compro-belligerent sections, a n d nothing b a t a miracle can prevent a loaf and Moody otrU war.In this trying boar, from "the <>onf galli wisdom" of Congrem do we look inrain for ft ray o f hope to enligbten toe gloom which covers the nation like a paU. The Committee:ofBut it will b e seen that these calculation.* a r e based upoa the assumption that the Union re- mains intact and the prosperity of the country undiminished. If the present political crisis should leave ua divided. the picture may present a very different aspect; for although'New Yorkfit) i'Y nda'swan wTitofi Uka%S O l uUUOsm anfid laJbTaasVftftl' D 6 * Kubla-Khan, toe West has been drawing rween the several members of the confederacy,owing to*reception of the Prince of Wales. W e publish his,inL*ioi»-DonJnAS—CsowOfOou>—ThePrinceAlbert^fromQalwayonthe18th avoicewillbeyourbestguaranteefor havenocauseforChristinasmerrymakings.TheEmperorofChinahasbittercause city.Forthetimepeopleseemedtoforgettoesecession movement altogether., and toe furor was considerably Increased by too arreatof Mr. W . a Russell no one of toe parties Impli- cated in aome wayIn toe transaction, and his conveyance to thefederal capital Mr.who, it may be remembeitractor tor the army of Utahmen rebellioa, bis contract covering several millions of dollars, is now toe bead of too Overland Pony Express, at extensively en- gaged In the contracting busiaess, and usually commands alarge amount of capital and politi- cal Influence.The corruption into which allhave fallen has literally demoralised all our governing bodies to suea week passes without bringing to tightgross fraud, swindle or defalcation of the pub- lic moneys. Between toe corrupt course of the republicans in the State Legislatures, sell- ing their votes for gold, and backing up every lobby job, toe defalcation of State Treasurers, like those of Maine aad Vermont, and too frauds n o w a n d then developing themselves among the democratic officials of government, political parties of all havecometobeaburningshameandascandal to the country. Butthislast affair,IntoeIn- terior Department at Washington, is the gigantic discovery o f fraud which has y e t taken place since toe organization of the govern- ment, involving as it does—if report b o tree— Cabinet officers, millionaires in New York and out West, and mammoth contractors, amount- ing to a sum of from eight hundredto three millions o f dollars—for toe amount plundered hi n o t y e t known.•Livara Cosiosinss, So.published Stasis copies, in wrap-inst., is due at S t Johns, N. F. She brings five liberty, security tranquillity and glory." We, in common with all Christendom, owe alldayslaternewsftmjj|gope.Our comspondoawTat Caracas. Venezuela,TM•^»TM^^—^~—-M....1pW.,W.W»T"-—»'- |Wl...Vli,.Vu.^HBWWy,,Jyi_, || .1.H|lWH.jyi|||Ni '"imThirty-three in the House adjourned for a waek" may suffer leas than any other portion of theso much in the habit of " speaking for bun-combe" they cannot break it off, though theelection is over, and though an appalling dan- united under a liberal constitutional govern- ger resulting from it stares them in the face. ment. To-day the most grateful of Christinastoe corruption and plunder wffl be still carried the bridge over toe canal, on the im- thanthose of their predecessors. Theguous language as reminds one of Talleyrand's maxim, that speech was given to man to con- ceal his thoughts, Mr. Seward would come outmoA entente of the Italians have not been with- out their effect upon them. T h e Emperor o f the French grants, without even being asked for it, the most important concession to the friendsoffreediscussion, andevincesadispo- sition to give liberty to toe prose. In England the greatjournal has come to be a recognizedWith regard to the disposal of the India a Trust Fund bonds stolen from the Department of the Interior, nothing definite has y e t bean as- certained; b a t it was remarked about toe tone ofthe election that a great quantity of bonds of the same character were thrown into Wallstreet, where, asthesupplywasmuchgreater than toe demand, they o f coarse depreciated, and are stffl low—and n o w toe cause to dis- closed. It was thought at the tone that toftf were pat tote toe market for toepose of depreciating it; bat that wasfor there wasground enough for depression In the political condition of the times after the election of Lincoln.In the face of this astounding discovery, It wouldbewellforCongremtooverhaul alltoo public departments before the republican par- ty come Into office, a a d endeavor, if possible, tosoreconstruct them aa to patsomechock apoafraudandswindling. Iftheydonot, there wffl be no limit to toe corruption of too next tour years, and particularly la those revo- lutionary tamos, when everything like law and order a n d decency appears to b e thrown to thewhathe and hisparty intendtodoinviewof the portentous signs of revolution and pre- parations for war at tke South, he would be only discharging a solemn duty which he owes to himself, to theState of NewYork and thecountry at large.But there is nothing to be hoped from fne po-liticalleaders. Thopeoplemostactforthem- calstandardwhich toe ancients dreamed of,selves, and take measures to call conventions in bnt never accomplished.that * Kansas was admitted into the hhds.Cubas,chieflywithintherangeof l^cii^e., everyNorthernState. ThiscanbedoneInthe Without doubt, we of tho United States beheaded.fik*nish houses of this city, engaged in the Cuba sugar mise aa the Northern States may offer; and if, in trade, suspended yesterday, and that among them w a shave had muck to do with these reforms. The example of a great people, made up from all toe European national? ties, governing themselves, preserving peaceCliristiuasAnother year hae rolled swiftly away sincewe last had the pleasure to offer our Christmas greetings to the readers ofthe HERALD, where- soever dispersed. The great Christian holiday, the time fixed as the anniversary of the rising ofthe star of Bethlehem, the coming of the PrinceofPeace,thedawningofthelightof the world, the birthday of the Redeemer, and the foundation of the church which hi built upon a rock, and cemented with the blood of the saints, again recurs, and with it a train of reflections of a serious though hopeful character.Wedonotgosofarassome worthy people who claim that, in view of the politioal dittar- baiH-es which now agitate the country, wethe season. While w e all should feel a d u e toe chief gainers b y this change tosen*e of the responsibility which the present affairs, for Japan, to particular, willaspect o f affairs entails upon each o f u s , there futility o f practising deceit a a d treachery is still no good reason why we should make against Saab formidable odds, aad learn by ourselves unhappy about it. So the young example that prudence Is too bettor part ofto rue his own aad his satellites' blunder- Nodoubtthissettlesthequestionof speedy thatwehareandallthatwearetothedispen- ing and treachery, which compelled toesecession in Georgia; and, indeed, it seems sation of the New Testament. With all ita Allies to have recourse, tone after time, settled in all the Southern State* If any faults, the Roman Church has been toe most to arms, till finally toe great imperialwriting on the 25th ultimo, states that there w a sno improvement hi toe affairs of that republic.Universal disorderJfcned throughout the coun-try, and large BMpHrsof persons were abandon-ing their estojprror the greater protection afforded silent or coupled with a condition which in- centuries the churchmen occupied the placeUnion or conservative sentiment e>aid* in op- pov,erful agent of human progress that the position to immediate secession, i t is either world has yet seen. During more than twelvecity of Pekin was captured, his own palace sacked, aad himself and his minions driven to Tartary for refuge. W e have here a great event, toe ultimate results o f which w e c a n hardly venture a s y e t fully to estimate. What i f the olddynastyisoverthrownby thehumilia- tion and loss thus inflicted? aad what if toe T ae-ling insurgents, who have been long strug- gling for its overthrow, should supersede i t tin the-ajspatr The government were destitute of volves, not peaceable secession, but the carry ing now held b y the free press. mmeans to carry on the war against the robbers, of war into the heart of the North. The Rich- The spirit of the Christian religion is theSouth should "fight in the Union." and think> secession " a tame a n d cowardly submission." It says:—"We should at least first make an effort to obtain a redress of our grievances inbis trust, uf» he does very often in these latter da>p, and relapses into fanaticism, he takes a step backwards towards heathenism, and its iogua! effect, barbarism. History, however, informs u s that during the early days o f toe Church, and even after the ecclesiastics had been called to the cabinets of the kings, the eubiect frequently owed his preservation fromBeforedynasty, let us glance at the Immediate causes which led to toe resumption of hostilities ter- minating in the capture referred to. The Allies were negotiating with toe brother of the Em- peror, while encamped within a abort distance of the capital, when the Chinese general drew up an army of more than twenty thou- sand men, so as to command the groundwhich toeselected for toe occupation of toe foreign forces. And this was notall; for toe Alliessooncavalry, and In a painful state of uncertainty as to when and by whom the inevitable battlethe Union, and, failing so to do, we should notwait for the North to commence war upon theSouth, but the South should immediately de-clare war against the North. Such, we believe,has been the uniform practice of nations and the effects of the blind fury of a besottedlyMr. Seward tells us in his speech that South Carolina is only humbugging us; that tke secession spirit at the South was stronger on the night of the election, on the 6th of No- vember, than it Is now} that during the last fifty days tho passions and prejudices of the South have become mollified, and in six !y days more tke atmosphere wffl be all bright .and serene. Ifthepassionsofthepeopleinthe Southern States have gradually become molli- fied since tke election, and the secession spirit has grown weaker from that time, they have taken an extraordinary way of showing it. As Mr. Seward is in a high degree responsible for the revolutionary condition of the .South. and the deplorable consequences to the trade and commerce a n d general business interests of the North, it is his one to make everybody believe that it all amounts to little or nothinsr now, and that by the 4th of March every ves- tige of discord shall have vanished. But let no man at the North lay this flattering unction to his soul. It would be a dangerous, a* fatal delusion. The revolution rushes on like a flood, and there is none to arrest its progress. The great diffi-: nthems will go up from the hearts of the vic- men, notthoclap-trapofthedemagogue,'If, tim^ofBomba'scruelty. Ifwelookattheprince to the interference of a priest, whose gown and crucifix represented a far greater power than the kingly eceptre or the imperial crown. A priest, Armand d e Richelieu, r e - created France, and everywhere the spirit of the Christian church—Roman, Anglican a n d R e - formed—promoted the progress of useful re- forms, and tended to the developement of toeverned. Thisby the fathers of the Church, has beeu carried out by the press, and by men likeft was ordered ta bo helplessness, or laughs at the action of the day a very interesting article-on the rapid degree than their apparent prosperity has ad- wffl be toe effect of Back a revolutionary cli winds. AH the facts ascertained ap to thisitsSouthern States as a good joke, or adds fuel to the flame b y utter refusal o f compro- mise, b y violent abuse, and b y menaces of coercion and war to tho knife.Yesterday tho South Carolina delegation re- tired from Congress in a body, which renders complete tho separation oi that State from theThe C U M Is dismembered. On*rtar has disappeared from tho gloriouslationon which A t nationiskipping admiration, a n d whichof humanity and liberty from polo to TtAtssV. Otkttr uTtnul* wttl •Hani • ft.one, till at last the groat federal republic Is shorn of half its glory and half its strength, and toft ntignty power of the New World becomesgrowth of tin Southern district of Now York, or, aa w e may call it, toe Metropolitan districtvanced i tIt has seemed to a s that this anniversary o 'max throughout the empire, and with regard totime will be found in ourcompiled from t k e returns o f t h e census, n o w nearly completed, a n dof aadfamrHtTtof population since too foundation of without parallel in inationalthe Western Powers? The spurious Christianity the birth o f K m whose mission was one o f which toese insurrectionists profess has render-in Kings county have Increased since 1865 n o k m than 61,850. T h o total population o f toe Metropolitan district appears to b o n o wgrown to a ratio seven that of London. Within the tho English capital increased at too rate of a hundred per cent, while Newof this city were to continue, for the tbeotorm. If not,H will be many a long daypower which so latelyotOBtommuualathoforo- York toeTOaoia in the same time at a rate of stffl hold. Oar boat bower anchor, the oonsti-examnle afforded as. There is one v A w s s s a r a v M B I V S wn^aTaa sasswi » • • ' • » ^ w w * s vofaf theme.e o fthe front, toe capture of Pekiawill greatly increase the prestige of the Western Powers, and particularly of theBritish, oyer the entirela India and Japan theeffect will be::!•••»*'o fthis granddesideratumh a dwork,s oworthilybegunCromwell,baldi—men who sprang directly from the bodyWashington,Napoleona n dGari-of the people.people are almost entirely free from the curse of feudal vassalage. T h e kings hold their thrones only because the popular voice is in favoroftheirsodoing. Thebayonetisthe siHMindary power—the pen stands first a n d fore- luost. The Roman Church is ostensibly op- posed to thi* grand reformation; but, so far as its temporal power is concerned, the Roman Church is already a nullity. One year ago to-day Italy was bound in chains. True the\u-trums had been beaten in the North, and the liberal cause had received a great impetusLook atEuropeto-day. T h efrom the aid of the French Emperor.Italians had still a great work before them, and to accomplish unity of action was the first thing to b e considered.Through its criticisms theBut the"peace on earth, goodwill to men," Is onewhen menof all sections should calmly con-sider these things; when the voices of the Bion of toe Christian creed hasleaders of the people—their political and spi- by » conquering people, toe tendency ban been ritual guides-should b e raised; when concilia- to reader their victory toe more bloody,Since tho last national census of 1850 the tion, unity, amity and mutual concession their oppression heavier, aad their vaagaaaee city proper has increased in population 2«M08 should bo urged with all toe energy and the mora cruel and relentless. What would and thecity of Brooklyn and adjoining towns ability that men have been cttked art*OBThe good ship of the State is rushing madly no! wards the breakers of disunion; the pilot la notorn Christmasthese Statesas terrible a s they a r e unprecedentedmorning w e find a r e surrounded withvertedonlyplank hasstarted; but, thank God,thethat atthe mtion,haebeenletgo,aadweinayyetweather seatdynastyofChinabedestroyedornotbyUnion oftheSlatoa aataaae-honored symbol occurred to break dowa those barriers of «t-sances. mtotoeiiigliiiilin"mWtfm of ooat-mon sense (vhtoh we fear we akafl yetbe compelled to acquire in toe school of adver-sity), our people wffl find that the constitution,properly amended, the Golden Rule aad toodoctrines of the Sermon on the Mount form the that toe religtoa professed b y toe Tae-Ping. only proper foundations for political and social has originated, a n d thislaw. When that day arrives—and w e hope it is waa to all probability tooInquiringinto t h emeritso feithercommotionand seven o f a small party o f toe British, which had ventured within the enemy's power, were seen riding hard through a fire of matchlocks towards their own camp, under toe apprehension of being made prisoners. The others of the party were captured, including the London Times correspondent Itwasnowthoughtbythe Allies high time to clear the ground, aad they forthwith began toe attack. The Allied forces numbered in all only five thousand men. They were in the centre of a hostile country, march- ing on a great capital, far away from reinforce- ment* and the sea—circumstances which made the battle no less exciting than remarkable. We a r e told that there w a s simultaneous action onallpoints. ItwasevidentthatthoChinese, with characteristic perfidy and deceit, were re- solved upon defending the ground upon which their plenipotentiaries had agreed the Allies weretoencampinpeace. Theresultofthisen- gagement was soon decided, The Chinese took to flight, after a loos of more than six hundredw a sprodneedi atoe Chineselines,menTwo days afterwards, the French having mean-killeda n dseventy-five gunscaptured.surroundedhostilewhilereceivedreinforcements, theAlliesad-vanced to attack toe Chinese position, and tecedents inthe Stateswhere they hold office, thatafter a brisk fire drove toe enemy back, andaEmperor himself had fled to Tartary.the party of seven captured wore released, two others o f the number , It w a s ascertained, had died of brutal treatment, and toe remain-largeamounto fder wejre mi&dng, andsupposed to have beeuIt has been asked: how do the Allies know but that in capturing Pekin they have over- thrown toe central authority o f the empire? T h e existence of the Chinese government may havespoilstaken,a n dthat toe Two ofed them obnoxious to the eyes of Europe; and history proclaims that wherever a corruptInto nwrtatroottysubduing b u t proaelythdng. Evenb yof the nreeent Chinese finturn of^W» -^^I^S» wF ^SWW^^^» WnBMH^W —J *^W^^WMt • ••of a false faith, according to every pre-, however, certain, that whether toft pro-toe desiren o t toeo fThe spoilspossession o f a a d plunderpower to demoralizes tons w etoeseevery partywhereofthey haven o t y e ttooted.aad latterly too Frenchrliration. It fat doubtless from their effortswagingfat now enterteg apoa a new era to her history, that the capture of Pokm is a groat epoch, and that her porta will be henceforward free to toe world, are certain, We ourselves shall be amongagainst toeo l ddynasty,organization,when o n eand give place to a new one, all at once the community is startled by toe discovery of defalcations and frauds a a d robberies in public places. When Jackson w a s retiring, collectors, postmasters and other federal officers all over thecountry werefoundtobeindefault,aadit was so also at the termination of Van Buron's regime; and n o w that the democratic party of tola day to about to lose its grasp of power, to lose it, too, b y too very force of ita corruption and dishonesty, which have broken it to pieces, we see the very same scenes re-enacted, and on a larger scale. When tke republicans are installed in power we may expect, from their an-and partyiaabout t oaee that withdrawdays o f* Thomas M. Tryniski 309 South 4th Street Fulton New York 13069othoirnerryOuistmas.A ll thatw ehave towww.fultonhistory.combefore thepeople of too United 8tatos aee an-•tp ! 