 IT.n up rr iressmg noma lei the H-iies aad Hie former, which a 1 480 miles front Liverpool, ia situ- at their own espenae, which consists of a largo central gathered on the main fleck, looking on wilh their crdl-Ftotnatocrcw, N B . Augittt 6,1500 TJhegtovetuawot of New Brunswick presented the tol-IirM• Ut: anl :'.'•-'•••„or*"ofJacrt-Ury,»h*to-*: iof Hero irar. \- r tteriCaptain \ 01*11andrKrw. appearsIQiitureofw\n, wbMiwUi^eluaifwt*c ^ 1 -wctotkBSataJdJ s*dPa»ey lhvern rand, and f>oo*a hasbclbscxeiibe ceceta•meaningtag nt conduct* taar- **' V e r e a a n ihat foru Ajaert•toe khey thefrrop]cry "' n fourth aaahtedtart an tshed and t ntwclewho. ayomaty •amestolenr>vA Mr. Daiyard thetktapt partad CdttveA at truster - "'int and BJBBBCh TheVmJfitawfr- awate sae*t comnThe A. I-the Cape §TCUBA1 - . 6 fiortMB mDO 1vantiF«!aelTt,era 1fw Caar- t • u. isI Lvri* r«r» aire.TNCan Phe Wa1e~-r a_,i *d. HaLaermaa.vi4 reo-pt ball took place attttSRtfCRFTiO*WTHKlltnCEaTHA.iletitratsl apartment, anl al tour o'ciocc rode in f d,^ soar( t a e o! wood m »:. A pavilione>e.|io-,acciim[ian.edbyseveralofhissuit Itwas(air\%- '.-gat.d tamps _ . „ ^ ^^ The reception of the Prmoe of Wal-^ ytster-taj of »t.|^> heatarted, buthe wasdrecrhed with rate before Mr. Wauam rose agan,andsaid be hadb-vdthath,a Or, th a r * on the I-arade the word «Welwm»»' slCUl which I sent you the part.cu!i»rs by teiegraj it. was » p x letjirt-.rg At half past eevea he sat down to dinner with remarks had offended the Corporation of New A r k Sat*<...-# ruej- ..a;dwasuaedaaaballturesijue a c d exciting sceae, which ts sti'l in memorj b e at,l stateit columns, which are to ^a"w>"^JJtt" fbreme. In my mind's eyeI canseethebroad heavyad-le^«.dclevcahewenttobee! hopedthesamestigmawhichattaches itselftoTv,stiiorn.cghelefttheHouseateleven,intheuna'ona JapaneseComm.tteesrouidnotattach itself isttemitteeappointeddtomakearrangementsfortbt teinmeot of tbe Prince of Wales in this city.theS,.:!u-iig,. i • in- tU alternate redHid whiletr.»aiIs gwitU'stefulydecoratedwith•as ..at'Prarita<Sce'*arrivalhavingoccurred-• i »aa antedated, the ' rrahgements .--a Tut'Tr.urrieI,and thedecorationsfellabortttn -1 hut were sufficient to tattsfy thefl.wtrsoverthegroundor^,,towl»2tkPr^^S! the arch itself is to be esjtheUiahod with appropriate'oneTM©* the arohes near the Cunard wharf in WaUr Mreet is muchadmired Ontbearcofthecentralan* may be read in large letters tbe Uxseriptioo ".Adaptor ne»-,f:<roto^.^fc«ow#•••«t*i«. ' • * " ( which is the ugurainwbJicjhhelauded,aadaccompaniedbyallthemem- herb ^f h J suit, I erd Muigrave and seve'ral Sta3 officers, Wifju t h m be proceeded to the Common to reviaw the10 f»I"ihe fr ace danced qcaJr.Vs, the lanwrs, polk**,as the Hero passed the crowded wharves, and .the rapid firing of royal salutes from the citadel and the roundug upon tne tlojr twtire unti. <t IT 'w-ble for ua to describe thta ball, for t ptjinia of nbaervatKm il prea*at«»d very»n ; tI! <Ircinrt.-Ierf i i ' , , i u Kegardedas the h«»t that the Now- fa lil ili-ra out Ulda.u traacertainly deaarviug of ererywho manifest much venerable delight at the prospect oi seeing his grandson among them after the lapse of sixty years.["*.•« but regarded comnnratUeij and on ita martta, itwaa »; to i t e most ridiouloua scriie that ever tUbe-ou Barrir-gtoh street, fronting theentrance tothe iover| not be the first ruler cf the British realm who once iu his meet House, is graced with "Welcome to Nova Scotia,'the Cossack, to see their yards manned by their brave prbpiit-jsnd their succ s , and that your Royal Highnesscrews, clothed in white duek and cheering and waving wfi receive new proof e.f their fitness for self govern- Fourdr uier, s yeutg Montreal cricketer, but one of the their hats in honor of their future kiug,as he stood rsfill, of their loyaltv to the Queen, and-tr their attaca- iQ.'t»t accomplished cricketers we have feen for a longla .a, :.»atea. fmullett or [xokena imag toed IU>fOf the Heroi-tttr. neatly done m greeni e'er; elh the motto of bit^".-.ili^- ::terv.^-., of tte Werflidiea; P PrfcttWd VlSaiaad iZL mohertow, ef Scottond. and Wm. C. lWreti\?ofD»aa»r Mr.Archibald'snamewasalsoaddedtotheUst ^^I'EJ.thcu.euscoa.-equ-Hioe r\orewhoseemostPrince * • " tbwA '"oat >•" that form <•*" ,»«.v •rwment w t & piac•-" the ajMMcal of birth abort nature - >tidJwtaen'.--, thr at quj-eaaoU c/ henett aad per»'.«e';t Ulor , hoB' 'a ble if mfttitioe, aLd even tb^ will oi U-» |>^«| o tfceu> arivtc.aod maite*. a ttan a Kicg ataBpty DWA-. .• tt t.t: formeriymadehUtacthrraQw«o *THE RECEPTION OF THE PffNCE AT HAdFAX.!»pttialCocrespondenct-ofttie Ileratld. Uaurai.Ju'.ja'.laotJ•ow TO BEaca tuurvx IfIwereaskedtanametheOneatbayu NorthAmarica,tt.\B ThewU>-eudectralcdw:UaU.citBhtUlC^j\t-.iatuetticeatdexperiencesth•wa.-mr-jl >u**n4. -f>n»ce brafcth^oI should say that of HalifaxU I srere asked to nameHero,of8.800tonsmeasurement,ettainirgslowlyJpast theboominggunsoftheYorkredoubt,andthesaoaie**erodinglazilyfromheroneh.ige- blaev funnel,whileAl- trofp$,STidwasreceivedwithimmensecheering bertIdward,theheroorallheroesoftheday,standsonher quarter deck in his plain dark dress, and ackpowledges the cheers ef our passengers by raising his cap a n lbowing with a graceful inclination. The crew, areThree cheers were then given for the Queen and its d.Teretit members of the royal maily, and threetor Mr Archibald,whoproposedthree/orthe Preaiden: ofta* l^iUdSutas.wiish were given with a wlU.The meet"::? then adjotlrned.Cricket.THI I^TTID STATtS T». CANADA MAIM.This match, the most important event of the crtokeuag atasoB. compenced yesterday. 00 the ground of the New York Cricket Cbb. The toy, although exxcediagj^ warax. w a s a l ! t h a t c o u l d b e d e s i r e d b y t h e a d m i r e r s o f t h * manly game of cricket. Play commenced shortly afterelevca A. M , the Canadians sending their repr««eou tires. T D. Philips and H Phillips, to the wicket, to the bow'.mg of sadler ana Haliis. The former was watt caught bv Keplart at square leg of Sadler's slew bowl--. :j'j -rrnent, A dais, carpeted withUK-*- th the Prince's arms above it, occupied the mpet miserable city in that country, m y reply wcu.d j c< s large (neantship. On the reverse side of the arch IIthe word "rbtque.*'xir.-mityof the room The halls of the alao be Halifax. The volunteer artiUery company have erected an arcs[THEPRINCEOFWALESATFREDER1CKT0N,. -< H !• - .'" ' the Prince had a private retiring and ated 400 miles nearer to the British islands tha& any other span, surmoutted by a gun and carriage, and supported bynary composBre, and naval grandees ia black cockedsJuts, redcoats and white trowsers.are, Bpygia»es iaRand,: •--!- fS • ',;,-- (,.,.Cport «ta the coattnenl, and while the Caaadian harbors a r e b l o c k e d u p w i t h i c e d a r i n g n e a r l y h a l f t h a y e a r , i t i s always acetsafble. From Halifax to Quebec, through British tstntory, the diauuice is about 600 miles, andfrom Halifax to Prlcce Edward's Island only 160 miles Thi last named is reached by taking the railway/ai -, orratherallowin|themtotakeyou,asfarasTruro, fromlwhtch p'ace yon travel b y coach to Picton, and thtncje by steambcat to Chariottctown, the capital of thesmall, graceful towers, each displaying ou the top the Prince of Walts' plumes, tastefully formed of sprat* t O ' l g b SCm one of the Hoilis itreet arches is the inscription tn g-Idcrs' letters, set in foliage, " Welcome the Princt, Grand Steward of Scotlaa^.''Iow|ing address to tbe Prince of Wales thu» mortitag—TJhe members of the Executive Council Tor themselves, t h e f L e g J l s i a t u r c a n - 1 t h e p e o p l e o f N e w B r u n s w i c k , o f l e r t o you. the ton of their beloved Sovereign, aad tte heir sp paretit to the throne, their respectful homage, and heartily wefcome your Royal Blgbncs to this Province. Thein>- $ * ; ; e Wat•J. f. «•!:• eb * - t •>«. 7 0».Ce.•».. »isummit of the arch are placed four handsome celestial aad*nd! ei-er smre the orgaaization of the province ia '17,-jIthas steadily advanced in al! the elements of progress.,ublie on*, a limited number of tiaketsT V »o i i : f w w *a »s »a : d e b a r * < * a c h . a n d t h e a t e n d a n c e c o a s e - ., .H v . a r e •s t a n d i n g a a d m o v i n g a b o u t t h e q u a r t e r d e c k -form of tbit best or war steaincrtv—the two funuelle! Ariadne—follows at a short but respectful distance inlei h aft J rep?e**ataU»t«s of alt claaees and oondi- ., A* :b* Prlne* and his • tit drove up, at tea •< « btt was greeted by a royal ealnte. and as tie en-• t.:fc chamber ured aa a reception room, the bands of •:i • and t'wr Newft endiand corps .-truck up tha na- :m ailt.em and ami I the wiideat cheera be reached »»4%"-thehearto!thechancer Afterabriefeon* •\- <-mw th ins attotdana, ttte Prince and the"I a-. "fte-ej the ball r^ro. where his reception •rwti^ar. j and the b»M waa formally opened, theP / *thI&i*fHeady withtheliukeofHew ra •L: >'• i,t.'*:: nU « ar. The following is theThe Masonic arch, fronting the Masonk Hall, hasevi- her wake. Tha yacht like Hying Fish, with her' two haliitants of New Brunswick are the descendants of thel-TlOOR*XME11 Onadrlfte.12 lvbta.\ Waltr a n l gtlopli. Iwoers.IS Varsovienne 18 Scitoitt»ehe.I,: Quadr Ii- H Polka19 (•«lo|SO. (Vitrailaatse.line)bet*ecaHalifaxandSt.Job-is.N.1.,and monthly between Halifax and the Bermudas. There are al&o steamers p'y>ng to and from Boston and other places dur- ing theteUUffiffThe wide mouthed guns of the batteries lid thetn wel- I^ince of Walea' plumes being set in the centre. On the crtsstrees and on the deck cf the two steamers whichtheimseiv' s to tbe Cevelopement of the resources of the so especially d.stiuguisbe4 himself against the Faevea eodutrjf, and the advancement of its material interests; l..giish cricketerw in the great match last year, nowmander oi the British forces in North America, and sta- tioned at Halifax in the year 1700, and there are severalARRIVAL Of THB HfcKO AT THE WHARF.It caused a pleasant thrill ta hear the shouts of cheeringri.og dawned bright and clear, and the pearance. It is backed by the citadel, which is the third t* holiday dreflB, was thronged with signal stat.on. and baa an aspect of the most commandingaudi impregnable orcer.tu obtain positions fiom which they Ipere are a lew -mall vessels, and sometimes a largeSot loag look at the heir apparent, who, in er.el sailing up and down the bay,and a ferry steamerI'lii firqutully tr- iu Lbdi'eu to Dartmouth, ou the oppo-1 i-itri side of the harbor, whk-h in to the city what Cheshiretainhasbeenput up,am.thejetsares-arrangedasto be colored by lb- illumipiitions whieb are to take plane. Stages or ttands similajr to. but on a smaller scale thanthe one described, have been erected in front of St l'anl'S and St. Matthew's churches, and tbe old Strangers' burlial » r o u n d , A t r i p l e g a l l e r y h a s b e e n e r e c t e d o n t h ; f r o n t o f the Maten c Hail la ordfcr toatfordthe lady relatives of tbeera! anoppo-tuirityofw-tnessingtbeprocessionthegangwaystepsoiHM.steamerHeroandquicklyfol- lowing it I saw that boat rowed by brawny arms towards the (tr^kyard. at >be foot of which tne twelve Indian ca &oe8 and their Indian paddlcri lay idly in wailing, while their s-.uiw- and children were etrouped in a prominent ( p o s i t i o n o f t b e v a r d a s s i g n e d t o t h e m A n d BOW l i s t e n t o that glorious chorus of the iron mouthed guns Of all the batteries and the six British mene«fwar in barbor. whose yarils are manned by their cheering crews, and whose rigging displays the (lying flags of nations. What a glorious sight is that wheu oomoined with the scene around, and what mutic makes the nerves; vihratMil-.eH presented to Ijtdy Bannerm&n a beautiful is tji Liverpool. Here Btand3 a conspicuous rt-d brickfit, set with emeralds and diamonds, and also -trait.- of his royal sisters and brothers, re- al: the portralU of the 'Jueen and the Princel>ui|i!i!ig. vihieh tempts the sttanger to inquire about it,audi his cuntosity is rewarded by discovering it to be aThe Tit vine ituildtng i? handsomely decorated, aadtwo temporary wings have been aelded to it, oiie of w inchis lobe used as the supper room, and the other as thebah' room, on Tuesday night, when the grand aSair is to the ringing boom of cannon. Welcome to their roan andi:ch had been placed in hisroom at fr>verBniont re the same which he intended to have left with Iimationa of i'Af each to the Asylum f..r -*Ury.-,iniorphansandtheBenevolent ImhSociety,aoi ••Ir.-.e 'j-inired i>oonds fur prizes at boat races he twee ii'1-? fl-licmeii cf Harbor Grace and St. Johns, werehiiillic asyli mlanding at Cnnnrd's wharf, a gloomy archway leads.» tie dlh'•Ttis wH.taj a s n smutKrs.the ( overnors hands by the Prince, together w IL |t . r nor. private CooatiocE- to the poor of the cny, •ittl p»ot• s of which were distributed among mdig.-sit l:i;e..;.ko ;he Prince aL«o extended the royal clemency toone is tbje ball rocm.ard the chintz hangiags of this arebroadly striped piuk and white, and gathered in at thecmirc of the cei! ng, giritij to the apartment a tent likeappearance. A recesn has been provided for the orches- There he is, a handsome boy of a little more tra Ttie lit bt and chaste style of the^ whole will be seen than eighteen, with a remarkably* well formed|..aceJ .'»:.3:s conttned in the penltentUiry—four lorl.tr ie:.y,|eu \t :.s«a' It. one for petty forgery, and one (atend prominent Eose, nearly Roman iti its character and|r!r, ARIBTUATJI was invited to take tho chair, and afterthanking them tor the honor conferred on him, saidthe ntieetrng wouil have beenmuch more numerously at-tendee!, but that many of those who would have beenpresent were now out of to am. He said they were al futted .ti the prooeedings of the Hoard semblcd that evening in pursuance of the requisition-eve [p- .to great advantage whin lighted uj- with gas. aad the noTnst)tolie-eenthanatthecitadelofQi.ebec. Itist.se.1 i<-anmiantrybarrackandstorehouse.erjBUC nrnntxcis.Tiie piblic building- of Halifax are neither numerous an appearance le-ss light and airy. A pall of gloom hangswhich bad been published, for the purpose c-f considerM- T » w , the charman of the Special C .mm.ttei- oa Canvassers a c d Inspectors, reported that each member of the Board bed irserted the names of such as he w.shed ta Lave ele- led. aad that each member had been furr..-aed'-or Jeriy eondi.ctTJIX FSHAfllCATlO.S'.<-k the chiming of the • th-Ira! dial the Pr.u-e was ah>ut to uhari, and the streets crossing .'-ed w .th peopie, and the various so- : =oiii?ri were drawn up m-e>n the When the Friuce, atoomr-ati.'-i oy.a.ii and S'r and Lady Bmnt'im-ti. ruter .- tic ai' i?w# rent v. :th .-hoots an i l-.--Wen•ml hnrtk. rchtefi. Suddenly a l>wy of rv. ui, detached tl»e horses from t!w> car-. t the '*. inri , having giacioiialy acceded to the • «c"pi-.. u ^lout rope wa? h-xikuil on. an I about i -• • TI«'B n'ter a smart scramble for th•• honor of •-"iedi-.tolineanddrawthecarriage,attheheadsignedte»she!lustreoverthesceneontheau3pi- eyes,andanerect,slim,andrathershortbatelegant e.ous occasion of bis Royal Highness gracing the figure, and a complexionaslairandpeachlikeasawo-man's.The municipal authorities presentee! their address, pa^tifthe British resdents to the Prince e>f Wales, ot:nor inclosing. The Province House, where the (Governor, herd Mtilgrave, resides, is a neat but low building, en ciented withm a small garden. and here an artillery soldier is always on duty, to receive ftassengers and cards.over it by day, bit it will doubtless look cheerful enough when lighted op at night. The wall hangings are str ped red, while and bl e, aud the canopy ts formed by a beau tufu' display of the flags of all nations. There are here also thirteen banners, each bearing the name c-f some d*- liiguKbed Nova Pcotian,which, w.th the r'-p'y of the Prince, has already been published in the Ib't.ti:.THK rKoerxs--i(».\.The prooessiem proceeded in the following or'en—iThe L'nie-n linguic a-n! Axe lire Corupauios, TV North British and Highland Societies, The Charit tble Dish Society,The St (eorge's Society^Tbe Carpenters Charitable Society.The A!.i au S< citty,The S ns of Temperance,The- Volunteer Artillery and Rifle Companies, j Her Ma,esty'o Forces, <-to the Government He ise,and upon arrival there j was invitedtoenter,andwastheonlyonenotofthePrince'sthp occasion of bis approaching visit to New York. Ex-eejitioa appeared to be taken in certain quarters to anyproceeding on tue part of the British residents. ThePrince of Wales would visit the f'nittd States, first, on themi 1 tat ion of the President and seeondhv, «n the iuvital.on (-("the city of Nov York. He (the Consul1 warqaitej certain that uuder whatever name he might comeaniottg 15 he wouil have a most cordial welcome and be-flljiDjt: ice-option from the great c t y of New York. If he Mr. Tv RSJ. stated that a fair d n usian ha been made ia rightly u.iderst'x>d the vie-vs of the req.is.ionist-, therefXI V l.i..-Amarket, the I->pitalit»ai of their tuuAhita.iU. I-H! -I-il h.-i:,HB} ', it- i nip;: hai »L'i&eoTge*»_ ftoeiety, •iih *r ,? »>•> "?^»waxawwaa,w^.l****.«Ireland QZLLThe Providence Building, or House of Assembly, at the( oraer of Holies and Granville streets, is the largest andlest conditioned one in the town, and is gray stone. TheWellington Barracks, recently constructed, are handsomeat, did arable; but the old South Barracks are wretched. riom the caref'il observer may be able to see th. m .ti Tbefe are now quartered at Halifax two regiments of in- tude at supper.fantry—namely, the Sixty second and Sixty third; onoconipan) of artillery, one ce.u»i*uy of roy tl engineers, aaalsa'flvii rifle volunteer companies, one company of en-gineers and one of artillery.Mr. Bi si me..' . 0 that the business for which they ha-1 met should be attended to, and the other matter left over 1nfstmeotliertimeT|»erearefivetriweeklynewspapers iuHalifax,but "irv!»aioe,tothewharfgate Theproccvsion was i;itonedaily.pery,audthelargerecessleadingtothebackcilrauos,now cloied, has l>een converted intoanarborandcotg Suit ortheLegislaturethat waspreseut int^ereception veaj.- ivre 'hey feit a3 much pride n the extent,-asa:th-laudin*:,andthearrangementsipouthe Theonlyplacebuiltforamusementinthecity tsa W«T, p-en-e.y similar, except that the chief ofli wretched little theatre <n Spring Gardens, at the ba&e ofservatory,theceilingbeingfestoone-dw.thevergrc-ona. roomwhere-themembersc-ftheHouse-c'l'.epreseitattives majgmiflcecteaimcommercia!preeminenceofNewYork, In the centre is placed a fountain, wherein tlwre is un ar- collected, and, at the hand and mouth of thc-ir r'rumier. as (any native born citizen. Still, all of thorn, aud tape-tin B:i»h thips tool. Ihe;•stationsalsoatthe lg »te,« the piince eatered the wharf bowing to rtreouous stieiits xhieh greeteel him, and amul the c •( a:>non. the ringing ot bells, the music ot the it'u*cb.ers"!nmshipandshore,hetookbisleave |yrsan<rmsnandtheotficer1-oi tie government,.'jto '.lie Heros barge, and dew acro»s the waterCiajdelHill,whichhasbeenclosedformorethanayear. Nova Scotia is divided into twenty six counties, which are repiesetited by a Legislature of fitly-live members, whab.tir.-t metonthe8thofJune,174s. Thecolony w.isfirstsettled In1740,anditspresentpopulation is .a»l> CoO000—a uuskber Ibat, considering the sterilityrangementofwater ets,gaslightsandHowera,calculated to produce a very pretty eflec..The Supreme Court room has bean resigned by the Judges nfavoroftheladies,whoarotonave itasa dressingroom,andtheAssemblyroom hw beengiven up by the politicians to be used as a refreshment room.dcuveredthefollowingaddress— '•e'iatlythr--=ewhowere Britishbornsubjects,thoughcdi ztisofNew York, MIXMI in a pc'tiliar relMiontothe illistrloiva personage who is commg to visit u-, and to the erapi' e of which he is destined to be the sovereign; aniltheopittionofthepromotersofthemeetingwas.snd hejbeUeveditwouldtietbeopinion0!allpresent,thattheNEW YOPK I1KIALD, TUESDAY, AUGUST 7, 1860. si.! »i»t between England and the Cn»t.-1 .~^X-'iJ tiiat he9•«• ameug.-t yo„-jeives complete f*ienfaaap?ac^,aadin«eas«i^»rOn tUe - arc <A the arcti oear ;thea loyal a a l a n tedvwdt» '•W«-'Ccanc'u-Nova aaatia1*.are uiasrftadMland•tinthtoIcouceude..i HJU.-AX, .ji.;y *i,ttiit)ij *:••'it*00to the w<td » . . _ . .._ Tat*rchbythcdockjartJ gatetsBttpportcdby'ttrjlldtntiy been toufctructed with great care, and the iascripticn em the transparent fbre-groimd is appropriate and leaning, cream-colored funnels smoking like well drawn cliaracteriincottheorder.Itrunsthus—"Welcome, pipes,iscomingupintherear,andmoregoodlooking our noble Prince, gTandton of our illustrious brother,the Isle Puke-of Keat who laid the corner stone of theHasotic HaU, in bue aad ancient form, on the eighth Juna,A. L. 6W0.''l/.jjaUste, who in the war of the American P^vohtlon,adiic,-eel tothel'.nyal standard, and of emigrnnlc fromFtrofe aad the Brittsli Isles;areardentlyat- isgfornti',suelhxsuccessor,Rykert,toiltothesajutt an*.Ttiire is fortnightly communication by steamer (Cuaard Tbe same words also occupy the reverse side the come and the anxious mult.tude that stand on ynudc-rLaripy ui the rnjoymeat of That large measure of rational Iherty which our mixed form of government has secured. They have, with patience and industry,devotedowed, and after scoring 7 was bowled by the slow pitched ones of Sadler; #*wtekets and tt runs. Daley, oae ot the most a-- om-.ished cricketers of Canada, and whshave come out to meet the royal sqcadron, and ott the a variety »if emblems. Ononecorner is placed a banner wharves and vessels m pott, and the top of Citadel Hill,made his appearance, and well did be maintain the kigiterrestrial globes, dene in transparency,and covered withand wherever the human form is seen. Thrice welcome, the Encampment of Knights Templar. Various banners say I, and the ba..' of the steamer strikes up the nut tonal of the provincial ledge* a'.so decorate the whole arch- anthem, which is listened to by bcth men and officers e-fThf v!vt of your Royal Highness brmgs to the recolkc cricketing reputation be hat! acquired tn many awettioh ef rc*ny of the o'hl inbabitints the time when yoir contested match b> has play on this occasion. The alow*iiiiistriocs grandfather vidu-d this province, and they ot Sadler were set nt nought equally with the swift cannonof the RoyaPArch Chapter, and on the other the banner afiiiR vtsrr or t-nt UPSK OF K»T.Ihf Duke of Ketit. father of Queen Victoria, w i s com- On tw o columns figure the words "Faith," "Hope," (be Ariadne, alongside of which w e are steaming.balls of Hailis, anti he saw his colleague, H. Pb Hips, de- part for a imejv got 14, (being splendidly caught by Hallis, by one Laud, at midwicket off Sadler; before he was himself bowled by Hall*, after he had cbuia-d 14 by a display of as fine cricketing as we ever witnesslife visited North America, fo,r William IV ., in his ea-ly iu gilt letterstb<ila|uth»eitrtmityoftheroom.Thetwobanlaandtoastqneatlywithtittle-expectationofeve*succeed ConventoftheSacredHeart,displaysthesimpletnscr*thenlookinguptbebayalittlefurthertothat111wittossingtbed.sciplineofourvolr.n timeHefellavictimtoHalhsfastbowling,after"put-IJ r e-r est mot-da. The iTu»c«, dreaded ta the,r, of»* tiahrok't.el,oocapied,when notdancing, manhood—andwhilethethirdsonofhisfatherCeorgeIII, The archat the Horticultural Gardens, opposite the On the bread quarter deck beneath them ; and nafat to toe institutions of the fatherland. We hone»«•» • ud ui tiwaea opposite each, other,,and alier icg Hothe throne—-Visited fcevsral of these provinces. tiec, "Weiceme to the land of the Ma) flcwer." It peenw tee a Beet of twelve canoes, padtlloei. by Indians, in their r ».*' -...-,-. At hrat the aanctng waa iwnductcd to me, however, that" Welcome«{to the laud of theSprnee" subscription clothes of bl e and red, come hurrying K lu eat M t ui-uy, but with little grace, hut as the The present i&ir Samuel CMIBJ-U formerly worked as a would have been more appropriate, iudging by the abmi- towards us.teets. veur Royal Highaefts wil! ta assured that Drg the goodly score of 13 to his credit His partner,*.re oa. and supper was >>ver, the dancTa carpenter in the Ordance I>epartmetit at Halifax; and Hjili dance of tbe latter and the scarcity of the former. The squadron anchors the dri/xiing ram again sets in, *. toUuairwork,and thafanbegan. Notoueper burHon,or"SumSlitV celebrity,wasbora a fe«r miles Allthearcheswillbemoreorlessdecoratedwith Sow- ania^ninsubsides,andit is nowteno'clock. The.Nep-tit- tatriotic s'pi- it waie'i aaianucs the p "pi ol the parent State olso pervades this ;ioition of the I'm- piife. and that if the necessity sho-ild ever arrmc al! thePalmer dter defending his wicket for s long time, sue c.imbed to Sadler for a go.-el 13. ft wickets and 80 rcuas Tue i-jr.it gs cicees for 60 runs; Sadler and Hallj havingm*•, ffc-'not twtuiy tu the rot«n knew auything auviut ociy out ot the town in wb.ch. I may remai... murders are ers, natural ov artificial, at an early hem- on Mouday tune lands her passengers, and l.find myself »n tbe streets ta. the • "ul--ni«>:: at tbt- plehtnao end of id' inch rure «c»;rreiice that no exe-.utioo has lakes place morning, and the contrast between their fray colors and »g*ia They are garuiL<!»d wlth'evetgreens, and thicklya,a.ahie resourresof NewBrunswickwill be freely f t-jwlod tbrcugbojet the isnmgs, Htgbam betug warsetleiieri for the defence of im, e: .ai interests and the maia- keeper a;-d eajitalrt. Sharp at fiolnt and Howe a; loBgstop.teaance of national In ..or. In again tendering to yoir The nue fieiding ol Vernon and Wilby deserves particular Rowal Highness e.ur unfeigned congratulations, wo wouldi'ajtId.Ir inlb •"•e'l btnty guard of volunteers. Every fowthe sober green of the r-pfuce will l>e very |ileasiug intersected with arches, and e-.ery house displays either •npT HOTKIfl. illumination frames ia its windows, or flowers and verdurev-l;«ru Ui't^.iitoo. Sirs. 1. D. Shea, Hire 0 Jar via and .he re'ai'.ves of th* aernb+- <*of the Houye <.f Th'Prine«tenioyed the daaclat very m*<e.a,1 will now return to the bay, the uobie proportious of v t ill wie.ii<i render it roagnificeal if the scenery in which it he* enframed wa* ot a more tt'ipendousi character; but»<!carm- ilmoat inextrtrah'.e. but waa prevented '% o? over luc ei.lire room by the enerlioujl oflor llteeu years.H..«:. ix i..»vVhn will pe-rce-ve that I ani g.vmg you a few of theinvoke the continuance of the Divine blessing UIKJU your meet.1* 1 aIt would be wel', for Halifax ii events Puch as the pre- ia it? lront, or both. !t is evident that the hand oi pre illustrious bouse, ahM m<'»t fervently pray that your ^ilarji aad Vernon commeooc-dprevceediags for the States.t'n.«t* *o..'d be cheered, a..'l ai evjryj. ...,..-ie.la ui'fpartner thus huuoruig <.-ifandend*oftheplacein.hatpictures(ueconfusion a- il .«a crtint, Mr« Maior Badly, Mrs. Kent, V.U-U* 1 sometimes n rfi for m;-e;!,iti preference to aeeut were cf mors frequent occurrence, and if the .sudden pa, atio-i bas been busy, an I nothing has been left undone desireforcleaningthestreetsaudho.seaauda^mc-ving thateithertbetasteoropportunitiesoftheiamatesbouldunsightly rubbish, which everybody no,s manifests, was dexisefo- giving Albert Fdwarda rtgb^ hearty, right of a more permanent character. What makes Halifax the royal reception.most miserable town mi North Aaiei ics for the visiter Is I traversed the streets, not iu the line of rohte. from the its waat cf a decent hotjel. At present the Nova Scotlan landing place at the dockyard to Government. House, and capital is by co means equal to the emergency ir. pro- I found them nearly deserted, and I kaew that the shopsI'.eiyal Highness may long en-oy the high position to wh eh Hard'nge and Parsons bowlteg The former was run oct DitmePro-,iuencehascalledyou.F.ertheprideof Torm7,andh.iHucce-ssorWtlby,washow'edb>Pirsoos• Vre r. li. Hto.ey, ViuJt Hackiroli, Mrs. iTit-i-e m-'tlioduat arrat:geme.ct.your aCkUSt mother and tbe ho)>eo'> our comnon country.The Prince replied as itulowrs:—fjjEM-utjiFs—-1 receive with much gratification aa ad- dress which, whilst it breathes a spin: of loyalty 10 thefor the same. Sadler followed fmA a magnificent display 01 r-uket eaaoed. Vernon, a young but really snags ri ce .it American pkiyer, and Sadler defied every effort at the brwie-s for.^rleing lime, and it was not uati. Sadlercome of. The wioga a''uded to are seventy feet square while I speak, glance at the multitude of anxious, eagerthe hi'!, but visiters are only allowed to enter the citadeltnfjot. Within, however, there is u>» of genera! into hiercns ill- miqited mottoes which arc (to- highly ornamental to his visage, acd merry, sparklin?sceue v. itli b% presence. The opposite or north wing hasicg the propriety of seftae manifestation of respect on theThe side windows of the couueii tbamber cotamand a \ lew of the ball ri-om and frcm those of the assemblyThi. motion w a s adopted.rejrara to iiol.tics amet,r tbe cand.dates, and that the men were al! worthy of the pe*tA uebate then ar. se as to whether th-- ,:.9|-e>clors shouid be eie-cted m a boo; or singly.Mr. T*i- :•made a mot.oa that cweb dstriet be balloted t>ificJy.Ttwasado;-ted.The•>K»nK.VTappointedMessrs.UuntaadC->uneras te leis, and the balloi.ug commenced. There are over 1d?0canvassersandins;iectorttobeelectee!<tmrt of Girural Heaaions.BeforeHonRecorderBarnard.Ai e.oivi C—The A.<g-.tst term of tbe Gevier.e- i>muot>mThe etiUance hall of the build.ng is profusely dee oratedvr\i!- no ntentioei nor desire to interfere' w ith or in rr the effrct of that reception. Living as they dirf peacefully unuer the- j>rotection and e^jjiv-iiig the beucfit of the free ee.tijtitc.ttori and laws of litis country, they had all come tojrejiatd themselves a° New Yorkers, and hewith greenhouse pltnts,and swords and bayo-ictr- irtgeniously massed together. The lower hall, cennectiiif- thetwo wings, is carpeted and the walls are hung with dra-ro; t' 3eel was boardenl by the agent of the Asso' the Supreme Court room has been fitted up as a refresh- I may mention that on Thursday evening lastjlYees. to whom the Prince gaveseiveral despatchos- meb t falcon. The band is to occupy the reporters' gal- a ball was given by Rear Admiral Sir Alexander some evidences of public spirit and material prosperity, would dej-erd en the length of the Prince s slay, and more s ib.ected to the :-.,al fine'•et, wlten last heard from here,had ronebed stopping on Saturday at a little place called Sid' Nota£•otia.frcoalsfortheHero Thecoalship riving at id ,'ohns until the 30th instant, the visitlerj intheCouncil(jpunber,andthemainentrance isto be ucteased to double its former proportions.imlai alterations and improvements are being per- fectedatGovernmentHouse,theresidenceoftheGover- nor); the gardecs and grounds, which, on tbe river front, will he overlooked by the rooms intended for his RoyalThe company present, Which included the 1 AI! and >IIB tessofMulgrave..numberednearlythreehundred, The ship lay close at the wharf iu the'd ickyard, so thaactivity and industrial developcment with the enjoyment ofrationalfreedom.To the memberso; your Royal House who visited rfova Scotia in Iter inlant state oui" country e a s deeply Inqebt- ed lor the patronage which enabled many of her ;oo> to distinguish themselves abroad and during the reigh of your illustrious mother the bies*ings of self government a n l e d u n r e s t r i c t e d i n t e r c o u r s e w i t h a l l t H e w o r i l h a v e been gracioeisly conferred upou this province.ri'4eh New Ye rk probably beiore the 1st of October, and if t.eimightl«eallowidtooflerasuggestion, hewouldsay tbit al'l that win requisite at thi- early period would be the formation of a committee, to report ,.t a future m e t ii.g what in the ir udgment was advisable; and whatever mifjlit be dene, he again trusted every deferene-e would be paid tq what may appear lo be the views of the Mayor or i h f w i s h e s <•>' l l i e e t t i / e o s i n g e n e r a l . T h e y m u s t " ' o e a rrate nd.etniect for bi-rglary in the second degree, and wereontoacquitted. Theywerecallednpfortrialagain in July, when their cemnsei interposed the ptea of rortaer a, /eilta' T h e rp-tte r w a s argued last month before but Honor Jun^e Kutse!' who re.-e;ved his derision To elay rudge itn-sel: ji.-'Te in bis opitiioa. tendering judgment ta favor of the pri*>nere. aid they were accordingly dis- 1 . - a . g e J . r u m c i i s f e d y .A lew eases were di posed ol tuts moniutg. .Unanai Willis pleaded g'llitj to gra-ol larceny in sleauug 8Tt», t» batit note.- on lb- lfiih e,e Juo- last, lioci Isnaes E tiiwii. B.»Sste-mandedculilliKiayforsentence,la 01'er10g.venia>,uiopporlein.l;.losetlieupsome*family i. ii.rs.••! tilt Prtecc to Shdney was,->f course, entirely un* Highness.guests steppeel from their , u11pecked, ai.d his reception was certainly unique. At the ltoit»g place he waa received by three volunteers, hf«!:"F collected, and by an old woman, who over- • tni-hed the Prince with garrnlott* blesssings Awiy |H»ste« th. vcilnnteers to collect their forces, ajd finally - rce«i."cd in Ketthig together about thirty, in some sort oiunifocal,butwithBOtwohatsalike, Sidney,beH k:.ow*L-sprebablytheonlyttn«sht-dcttyintbeworld A placeiitweeompW-t iyusedupcool!scarcerybeimagined, and sansot be described. Around It stretch wide bar-en? I a«tt an tbe Prince rode acre s these to the lowaiwhehbannotafewhundred inhabitants^be ecrorJ.te-E J a tribe of Micmac Indians, the first that heha)dever-een.Withererytedicationofcunositv, thert .tv dismounted, entered and esamloeil the tents of t:.^ Indiaas, cotversed with them, and nwle severalThe ritte and artillery companies of the locality arc busy ,liiliitg for the occasion, as also the York Light Dragoons. all .f which are to turn out in full uniform on the eventful OhV.stars and stripes hung side by side with the flag ef A l b i o n . O n e p l e a s a n t f e a t u r e ? f t h e w a o l e w a s t h a t o f t h e man o' wars men, in their neat.clean trim, ranged roundmy last I sent you a programme of the recaption at pur. ' i o* moccasins. The company, with tan Prince ifax, so that it is unnecessary for me to here repeatl*iMeof this country lie woi'd merelv addthatsir.ee veral beautiful specimens of their handicraftVK To the loj ai welcome which we- tender to your Royal hr-jramc into Uie room he had received intimation,.« u. ]a» wet? received as u was merited.kyard, so that the carrriages immed'aiely #n boeiril, where the scene Was of a highly .estive character The decorations were very tasteful and br.lHant an 1theI j loitid that one great ol-lect of the Pr.ncc'- visit At St. John (N B / a triumphal arch and semi-cir- the bulwarks, and n their usually quaint manner ;nthr- Wilh pride, we saw during the Crimean and Iuilian w.|s to l«eome' acquainted with the Americanculhr inclined platform, with seats, is to be put up at cbanging ideas, wt ich shovred that tl.ev were eC ovlw» '.'.'oi.-Point,wherethePrinceistoland. Thearrange- thesceneuswellastheirneighbors.'Meanwhile'the mentoftheplaitotmissuchthaiallseUcdouitwillhave handoftheshiprecaled:thegutstswithpleasantmusic atineopportunity,notonlyof witnessingtheceremonies ant"allwentmerryasamarriagebell."wars, Nora Scotiaos winning laurels beneath tbe imperial Iei.ple and An-ericau institutions 1: was, perhaps, tlag;andyo»rKoyalHighnesshasseenasywipassedto •e.jeceissaryforhimtosayonewordwithregurdtothe yourtemimraryresidencewliathonorwepaytotheme- -filiortapceinitsvaiiousRspe-etsofthevisittothir- me-ryotourcountrymenwhufallindefence of thecm e-elrtiy oftbe heirtothe throneorthe British empire.gentlemen in cocked haU and white trowstrs are to be teen on her iiuarter deck.tacbe. to Britisli LustituVJgns: contented ana bowler for a single, 8 wickets and 8 runs. Pa-sou aa."CLarity," "Friemlslrp," "Love," "Truth." These,alike with everything else about the arch,are dt-piox.uxd there is no'doubt that when illum.nated it will havt.'a very happy aad brilliant elect On the arrh near theBOW living here who remember the old gentleman, and residence of the ArchbiBfiop, the dark evergreen which tower on (ieorge's Island, and that of Tower Wooelsi was enshrouds it, in common with the rest, 13 variegated s\ to an exciting demonstration, which warmed the (-eopleartificial liowots, aiid a sttroll en which is the Irish motlo into exultation, notwithstancing the coldness of the policy of the nation Although in this portion of the em cricketer, unfortunately run oat Mr Uardmge by aa of'-Ceaof Mi'.lg /MU\'\meaning "a thousand wel-oraes," weather and tbe depressing effect of a show ery sky. pitte your Royal Highness win not discover evidences of error ofjudgment and this oneof the etrong*iat, ifnot appears ir tbf centre, while a banner floats from the flag It was pretty, too, as the Hero wheeled to her mow- the groat wealth and refinement of the Old World, we be* tbe strongest bats of tbe Canadians fell for a be-autifulhyIf Albert Coward lives to be King if KngiaaU, he will staff erected in the middle ornamental cross. The aren ings, rotuiduig, as she did so, tbe Nile, the Valorous and IfcfVe that you will be pleased with the energy of the c tain el 9. I'atti'-on, the captain rf the Canadians, fetl aIh.y y rjloan' to eJT8, until at levglh, at b*.f it lacks tbetc classic heigbu which overhang Bio,l'ater- viding suitable accommodation for her guests, who aye would beclosed, andthey were closed Theholiday was Queen, aadaffectionate aitacbuiert to her family, which had piar.d 14 by a brilliant a bit. a S, a 2 aa .(•»A3Uieu a*aybythetiu.jceof norindSupf-a.andth?prot-r»clifordedbyitsBh'ircsis ar-iviogbyhundreds.Yesterday(Saturday),afterthe jgeueral,andallcourtedithotthecabmen,anaherpand animatethewholepeop'eefthisProvince,doesnotfai! siugic,theresultorrealfinecricket,thathewasi Tb« Prince d a r e s .very grace one of extreme boirti.es.- and eternity.^averted aijli h«s partntta duriug th* piusesof (t) entering it, the shores ou either side are long, low es ana e»<orte«t ihern 10 their fri*rdiau.s, cud[satidy, at-d continue so for several miles, afte-- whicharrival of the Windsor mail train, I sa<r cart loads©tbaggage lj !ng in front of one of the few wretche 1 hotelsthere a liquor deuler. -ar bet.t my steps up to Barrington street, tbtotigh wbtch tbe precession was to oass There I foundi infantry into remind m e of tbe claim of your ancestors, to live inthe mtmories cif your Sovereign, and of the Britishnation Tbe commercial activity of St. .'ohn, the thrivingbiautifuily caight by that fine fielder Fourdiinier of Bard-: ^e" Sanj^j after se-oring tive. was liowted by HAT d nte and his successor, although suflering from seversthat here aboutd, and which person.t: cs;Krlei:cj c«u >t'•tr»«ifseats,poltte'yavoidingtheal- f.ti-bri,thehistsignalstation,ispassed,andthecoast vincesmeaxeLotposietiedofasio?logoodqualllBritishred,andvolunteersinsombregray,liningthe agricultureontherichbatkeoftheriverwhich1have sicufrt,pacedafinelyobtained11ontherecord-way on either side in long,singleflle,Tand traversed;thesmilingaspectofthiscity,tbecapitalof Ba.rayacdKepbnrtscered5each,Higbamfellquicktytsi^(yB.-.r,i,>n(melvih'«,iuil«tim«e lecr-coe*ilittlemoreelevated,anaapfH-arstobemadeu> <l. tt 'n' take h a , arm When not dancing, cf a n-.n>s of broken rorks, between which here and there v .-pt tin>* to the mosw by a ilo^ular move a-iii be pern patches of fnrae aid other hardy plants and h'j< wbote btxiy. even when talW'.ng fhrubs, while the wretched wooden ehauty of aikher-Thisbaggage btlonged to persons who had applied"admlKjS to the house, but who could not be accommodated, owirg tc the same being already overcrowdec',;aadyet, durina all this t;r»e, tnere is a larg,' hotel, newly public tbe true cognomen of Mr B II,whocontr-Vited asb.< J t*vt A iall easign. with a very red head, eia|y in winter—and I have been it in winter—than this Australia seven years apt|. looked like so many avenues ol green trees, and, hiring a setlve that in this as, well as the provinces v hich firs innings, snd as we purpose giving a fall and detailedrub, drove to the dockyard, where I f'-und the Mayor of I Ifsve lately visited the self relying spirit of patrotism 1. pott of the match lo morrow, we willonly say that the • t voiuntier ilnaced axwt with the <Itlij.htt'ul ty {miles -o iitd Halifax the country is almost equally Tbeploomy eld streets cf thecit., seem lo have -mdar Montreal, with his conspicuous chain of office round his which prevails and I see in the discipline of your volunteers Ci.oa-lmns e- their second innings obtained 43 with I i*t !.e » is di'irg h:s duty, and 'incoasiJious to».i he roeky and nncnhivattd, so that thecoloay is by no meaua goc.c a strange cltajige sii^ce the time when 1^aw them in neck and hanging down as far as his waist. This the determination to protect the national home which is w' eket« ile wu Tbe rcdowing i- the score of the first is-t 'v; ;., >U.J*T ug bituse'f sgt't-st the Prinee sn 1hia same barren Nova Sootian terra ,/irm«. Bet tor twen-; i -ne out of place, and out of the flgore, a neh in agricultural promise. Alter pasaing the- York re- apri! Ia5t. They uow look l.ke avenues, so much are the chain attracted considerable attention OB board the manifested in every portion of the Queen's dominions. I rria -receded ia walt/og his partuer until doubt, which is the second sigual station, while sandstone sidewalks lined with green spruce boughs stuck into the Neptune during the morning, and had the effect be| you to accept m y thanks for your congratulations audulngs,—CASADA. T. I . Phiilips c K'Phart b. Sadie;,>e Idy enough to fall at th<' Pnace's feel; and ;j> atJ down, over the room, were flushed, <«s. reganHng partners who would go wrong,re obeiiroitely right The Prince couM n:»t i>»z oulrijbt at these miahape, but continued ir**x. natureely correcting mistakes and ealfiogsndjclua>fS of dark, stunted pine tree*, distinguish the western or lett hand shore, and red si.udstone and pines th.' oppot-ito or eastern one. Advancing, we pass Tower Woans cm the left, which is the nearest shore, for we aretailing up the western channel, the larger of t&e two that lea 1 up to the barbor, where a tower pierced far cannon, but not in i.-e, stands embowered in the sombre foliage ofun paved ground—for paving here bas been entire!;, if of tnaUng everybody ask, '-Who's that?" in aUnsion nored. Festot-ns and garlands meet the eye at c\ery to its wearer. And I saw, also, clergymen In their Epis-for1your earnest prayers for say present and future han pines?.Two other addresses wet e delivered, one fr-m the city of Fredericktou and one freim the clergy.In the afternoon the Prince visited and inaugurated the new Park. This evening he attends a ball at the l"arlia mernt House.THE VISIT OF THE PRINCE TO NEW YORK.Meeting of British Residents at the Astor Honar>PRthlW.rNARY ARBANGEHXSTS— REMARKS BY MB. AR-CHIBALD—TIIE PRINCK EXPECTED ABOli T U t VlH.iT OF OCTOBER, ETC., ETC.An invitation, signed by a large number of the mostinfluential British residents in this city, appeared in the HBKAIU a few elays since, requesting II. M. Archibald, Er^., the British Consu!, to call a meeting of the English residents in New York, for the purpose of making ar- rangements to give a reception to the Prince of Wales when he visits this city.Mr, Archibald responded to their request by appomtaiglast evening for that purpose, and at eight o'clock aboutH. Phillip-r. HaUisb. Sadler Ryke rt b. SadlerPa'ffws b SadlerDaily b Hall*Harrlirge, runcut Palmer b ^^dler...., Pat«ers<>n b Sadler (ourdilnier b. Hailis S h a . - p e , r u n o u t Staninjr. oeit out0 . . 1 4 1 I U • U 9 L3 1 I IINc011 6 11 6i0 II IS10 Hfto iHaceout tie 'ig-.ires to the awkward Fiiu:id befbre him In finds.glance; bouses have been turned into gay arbors b% the tasteful hands of women, and the ahops in particular have a vtty festive appearance.rnarv-oiiitis A M SI.O.K--.On tbe grand [tirade, directiy opposite (icorsje str.- t, ala, ge stage bas been erected after tbe st> le of a .T.'.UJ stand on a race spurge, the tiers of besting rising ainpai theitricallj to the he'^ht o r about le.cjity one leet t-oni the ground', wh'le a Irw, clcse screen of spruce encircles the base ol tbe wholecopal robes, and tbe Speaker of tbe House of Commons in his black gow n, and I saw priests with white bands round their necks, and officers of the army and navy in their bright uniform moving to and fro, while the Chief Justice and Judges, the President and members of tbe Legislative Council, the Speaker and members of the House Of As- sembly, the Mayer and Corporation, tbe Custoe and High Sheriff', the beads of departments and the members of the Foieculive Municipality Committee were grouped together...thesefffi-rti h« ws-jided by a little mite of a midship man ;.i boyisii sprig of r.obilrty, w h o ivrslsted In dancing wth th*» argest ladies he could find, and thus in crei«tfl the i»neral merriment. Altogether, if the Pnnc>Jid a it uad ^t the bill the reftnement and tlw* beauii; ;1 ja^Cite to which he had been accastnmed at court, h- fi-uudl p">bahh , more genuine and hearty enjoyment, and it- i-ema.r.*d very late. The bali broke u|> almoot imrutU.ate.y after the young Prince Iwd departed, fol- iowe1t>\ rc'tated cheeraTH« UIAVK T.*t:.\t..t\]e next come to Point Pleasant, tw o miles from Haii lax,j where a couph- of batteries point their black guns as ii they liu.ly meant to do us mischief. But we pass them unmolested, and arc soon ab. east of the Koslern Battery, so called bicaiife it CM rat ,ds the eastern channel, facing i.eorge J 'aland, which lies alti.jrt parallel with UcNab's It-lann, the Utter crowned with a formidable- round tower o! gray stone.| M. Nabs inland arts ae a breakwater, and divides the barbel within immediate view of the town, which, from the water, has a very dingy, quaint and antiquated ap-This u intecued rn!|he accommodation f the 3,&iW ;in the centre or the yard, m-ar the Ianling Steps, and inBjes.lO Tctaileg byes. V. «r >iTt.a.,children who ^(long to the united schools cf Halifax, andwho are to greet his 'loja. Slighncss with an anthem ashe makes h i s aptiearnDce near "the »t«>t. Directly in t h erear ol this the lireo.. i. of jlhc town have e-ected a loftytowe-, whah is decorated with flngs. transparencies audafew devices. Near the north side ot the parade a foun- tary uniform step into a white painted boat at the fpot oflull view of the occupants of the temporary platforms (which had been erected on each side.LA>n'J>0 OK TUT MU.MTt.Theu, as tbe clttck in the yard pointed to within eightSharp,rune tVtrnoc b ParsonsWilby b PaisonsSadler c Fourdrinier b. Hard nge. Sams b Rardln^e ,W. New ball b Hardingef Barclay t T. t). Phitliis... Keplart. ruu outH gham b. ParsonsHailis, not tutBeUb. Hard DgeBj?s,2 legby,-»,4,w.u*s.-I Total(minutes of the hour of twelve, 1saw a slim form in .mili-onf hundred of the British residents had assembled ,r. one ci a narrow and ousty street, which is a fair specimen and lbh ty five feet high, and being of plain sawed boards, eyes that rest upon the coming boat, whose oars now of the parlors of the Astor House. Among the gentlemenHoitnlofSiipe11l»oi'».v adAP"Oi. TMKNr OF CAMA«8KHS A.N!» INSrECTOits OF J'.r ELECTION.Th> Board met yesterday at t.-eve o'cloc». cooa, President Stewart the chair , for t h e purpose or ap^..nt mg caavrurseis ai«i luspectorf for t!.e coming ei-x-t.on A large lobi y was present, aud much interest *a« mau-1 the o'ber streets in the town.i'fco-e \,ho lave visited Kingston, in Jamaici, could n|iy fail to reccgniie a resemblance bete, een the streetsuel Halifax during the summer.Ihe view from thecitadel is the fined in Nova Scotiamid f-mbri.ces a wle'e sweep of country on all side*. ThewattDSorcallerhesoftheplacedriveoptothetopofthe exterior presents an unsightly appearance, but thed-coratious w.tliin arc exceedingly tasteful. The southern rease their play. Tbe hero steps ashire.and there is a prfserit w e noticed Dr. Beales. President or the St.Soud. long cheer of unfeigned rejoicing. The Admiral of the fleei and Lord Mulgrave receive him, and he is |ed to the central group of the local dignitaries alluded to.Gerrge's Society; Piuhard Bell, Es-i ; Philip Pritchard, EBO.rand Dr Bartlett. formerly editor of the Album.AiiliKKtS Ol THK LKliL-lATCKKTo the tnobt HighJ'uissaat and llltibtrioia i'tjace A|lbertlldward.PrinceoftheIailedK.ugdomofGreatBritain aadIreland,PrineeolWales,DukeofSa.vnv,Princeof Coburgaad Gotha, t:real Steward of Scotland, fluke ofT h e n o b l eliritish residents, who numb* r to large a be-iy in this liukyL- if they allowed the oon of the Queen, tbe heir appa-The members of the r_ee<utive government, on In hallOf the Legislature and people of Nova Scotia, tcudier toyou,thesonoftheirSovercigu,andheirapparentlohorthrone, the respectful homage of a lo;al and united popu- event would call f< rth He admitted freely, however, lation,andcordutliybidyouriloyalHighnesswelcometo|this continent.Milne and Ihe officers of herMa,iestv'9 sh'p Nile- Some faint traces of the civiliz-ation you hai&e leftat umuiwIatweoldt«eeonsh-tetit with his arraiu-ements. ii w.ble temetii'iereti that ia Junelast Charica Vast board that tlag ship. an Lome, some indicat cas of a desire to combine commercial Hi) bull ascertained that.his Royal Hig.ii'-*1- would not Kuren acd Franklin Walters were each tried ui*u a sepa-:<•.) t uer which waa to convey him to Halifax, A ot a large portion of tbe country, ia surprisingly large. It is lavishly decked with festoons of evergreeus and Cornwall and Rethsay, Earl of Chester, Carrick and <i *imnoi«y. would be wautinj in a plain and r>bvious was oe*netl this morn ng. b-s Honor, Rex jrder Barnard,m. mifat i^ler. the hundreds of naval Blondias and I' lajves who bad boen manning the yards of the nien 4( war swarmed down the rigging, the saluteseea«.e*,lb —a.er«iguslowlyrosetotheHero'smast, and ope b> f i e ibe royal steamers sailed through the Narrowsaada»api)<ar-slfrotnthesightoftheNewfcund-Halifax itself has a population of 02,000. l'KKt-AHA110>> H>R THK I'RIMKI' lUX'EVltOX.Trie preparations being made at the Provincial Build- ings,inirederictcn,NewBrunswick,forthe"Prince's Bull, as it is styled, were on a very ample scale. Two wingshavebeenattachedtotheLegislativeCouncil Chamber, one tf which is sixty-four feet by twenty two, and! t b e o t h e r f o r t y s i x b y t w e n t y t w o ; w h i l e , I n o r d e r t otlowers^and the galleries have been even more prod gaily dealt with in that respect, being coveted w th flora!em- bellishment, g-TheCouncilChamberistobefbegraudreception loom. It was always a handsome room and *well furnished,besidescontainingsomelifesi/epaintiitsof Kings of Pnglacd, and judget and politic.ane of Nova S c o t i a , s o t h a t l i t t l e r e q u i r e d t o b e d o n e i n f i t t i n g i t f o rDublin, Baron of Pentrew and I«rd of the Isle-*, K G.on the bench. Tiiere was a heavy eaieodu of crtmiaal cases, including a la-ge numlxr e.f .adKtnients for bta- g'ary,l-.tixenyandvirionsf.'.oti.oulassaults Thenausea of the Grand .lurots were called, bi t only thirteen an swefd. The law requifs that sixteen must answer lo t h ; r n a m e s b e f o r e t h e C i a n d I n q u e s t c a n b e e m p a n e l l e d•ladtrs As tney pa-sod out of the harbor the Pnnoe« a s B r e ; - i e j w t h a u n i - , u e s a l u t e , m t h e f o r m o f a s o b r a a -r eljla-ii.b. the workmen engaged ia removing the Ka- nilu d a larger door surface, all the railings that were the reception of the Prince. That little, however hastbatwhateverformademonstration ofVe«pectand weiicortie frem the British resident- might as- s u m e , i t o u g h t t o b e s u b o r d i u a t ' t o . o r i ntorijeriy fixtures In tbe Council Room have been re- THi sTOl'AT-I0SSV. moked. TheHouse of Assemblyroom hasalso been clei red oi every encumbrance, with the same object; andbeen carefully attended to; and although it lacks' the shea-inessof thetemporary apartments,it s byTarthe most stately of thtm all. 3F o u n d e d b y t h e B r i t i s h r a c e s , a n d f o r m o r e t h a n a c e ntury, amidst ihe vicissitudes tend .temptations of that pe- halutoby witha-wbatever proceedings might be adopted They were dischtrc d t. to morrow morn. at elevew riod, preserving unsuUied her attachment alike lu the ityjtfeo authorities 01 the inhabitants of \i w Yor\ gene- 0 clerk, eiders to be iKF",C'1 in the m-a.itime for a new throne,tothepeopleandtotheitstitutionsofthemother rapvtt.tbesameend. Therewasnot,he believed, tbe jaDeitoberitnimoned. rhopetit urvwas1encalled, country, this Province has giuwn with a steady growth; Icefct dee ire to .'.negate auy privilege or to forestall any sr i thirty jurork answered fo then names The dctm- and we trust that your Royal Highness will ibserve in it prjict-eding en the part of the citizens in general. Much qutuls were e»uitl utimeroufj, and toe Ui'-ir abs«:;ce w;!'beattm ding the reception of the royal guest on stepping About fifty lndiao3 arrired in Halifax ou Satui Jav and pi re. ii jws- a n-w and s-enificatit event in history, and a wor ite-Lty Johhsou puaded guilty to bt.rg^ry utiue third •suoie, but of seeing the party aa ihey proceed along the paiaded the streets in single flic, headed by a wh.ic man We trust that your Royal Highness will also observe in tiit tribute of homage to tin- greatness of this vast cottn degree, in bn aking int 1the sttire of Charles E Smith awharf.the- tt.th.iMa.-tu which prevails aiiovefNew BiunsaickwHhrespecttothisvisitisgreaterperhapsthaninany ler Province,theirselfcotstitctedchief. Therealchief,howeveristo old anil crippled that a sarriagc was ]>rovided lor hiss.TheyprocerdedtotheGovernmentHonseanl..,».,«,« ». MIC eioTerameue ttonse an I werethedisciplaieofourVolunteersadeterminationtofoster the martial spirit inherited from our ancestors, and ener- getically to defend, if need be. thig portion of herMa-jesty's dominions.tiyj. Itwassufficientfortto>mthathecame asthe*ou ' hf vecerated Queen "f Frgland,on whose accoint if on(••..126Grandstreet,OQthemghtofthe21HoofJuaw last. and et- aiing gold and Silver Ian- at d bank antes tu ihevalueolaboutSMC.11a.i. Heas*aontUitheStaia prison f«-r three year .ilniscas W. Ijoyic pleaded gudty i< the charge of grand l a r c e n y . H e w a < > i u t h e e m p l o y o f M r C l n t * C W a w o o , ta;or,andwas*|ntu»theb^sktoJ.|io*itloo.Iu^U-ad of placit * it in the hank, he |iul the me.aey iu his packet aidii.iiaway He wasarn-sUvl.howe\*r,aaJhegave bi;l fcr bis ajipiarai.ee Be soon leefeited hit b*.! an4un awayagaiu A siiotl tia.c n u e Mr. 11aiaoa observed him n It sir.-1, aau ca. ^ed bit roair.». Heu>ayoujm n i t . tWiUty tiiti tea-- o. a,e He wa- se-i to th.< Stat.- |.t:si-i, for two year;-.Ihe court th« n aei i-.rntei (.11 tomorrow morn,u<i t c t i v e d[pot that he woind receive a hearty wpicome from <h«by Lord and Lady Muigrave, to whom thev pn- penled scve-,nuWp r e s e n t s f f o 6 r r t t h h e e Q Q u u e e e e n n T T b b U L a i d d y y Mw r u t ! ' ? i r r a a v v ? ? t t h h e e y y g g a a v v e e a a p r x o n « d diily. Theclothestheyworeweremadebythemselves,out or mikU-rials pure based for tnt-m with the fuuds of a publicBubyr.ptiooraisedTorthatpurpose, r.ieyaretheleuii.aiii of the Mx Mac tribe, and, aa may be s'liiposedlive in extreme erclcbtdners, although'a nne raee ©f hearts of ourpeople men, cany ot them bemg more than s u feet hi-h aadt h e n i n t . r ' . t h e t o w n , w h e r e t h e i n h a b i t a n t s g a v e a dt-sei'aiatetrees,saxithevoionteersmaleafewdis- teattempt.*ataparade. Kvhau-teiwithattempts ti:- their laughter ai this ridiculo.is exhibition,cs anl los suit returned to the Hero, nod s.ieau to the spV'BdM ovation which awaitou them «u the[New'c jiiii aJ.ders are m ecstacies w itn the beanag ^.a-torof the Prince, and dec are that saeh kings never want subjects. The day of his departure teervrd as a holiday, »»d celc' rated by boat race*; V-«*town m$tbegins to«ttl«back into iu q-set. add the deoorattons disappear irosa thee . o>-o ill- »l'.a a* a whole, the cole -raiion at tit. JLohni was ere«btf t» the t>*-uy and its e:*ect waa equal to itamerii "'acear.r'. \rf -ttendaah* were never weary of extan: „(lki-eatf-a at e\cry arrangement. Kvea 11•n»i.»mii-as-M'neMeatsatth-*killeouid notovercome tofthegvmt-aeandheartyenthtsLisuiwhich ryfthet*prevailed,aad which disphtyvd usetf tipon.' r>[cccaimi. tsrtamtjritwaswallarrangedtha'.Sag . S J ^jwj .at should set fewt first upon the short* r "air tn*t atde-nt colony, and the ccmpluseutl o i l h a s a a r U t , a n d a a o t h e r a a d t h e l a s t n e a r t h e g a s t i v e o f h e r g o * e m m o n t a i d h e r p e o p l e . T h e y b a i l L i m n s y o u r e g a r d t h e l a u r e l s w < « b y s o n s o f N o v a S c o t i a , a m dT.,:«.•pipf:«areanrsthattheirt»*fbrs*ioawHanotbsex Sfe*-f.'^"*•S»*'««>»«1^?tiTberandle"the•:•futureKingwithormingledsatiafactionaaddelight theafieetioawithwhichyouhonorthememory"fthoseman!aadWehhmen.Besadsome,ruaturadbeeartmovsdaadtotervedelsewtisre.Therews a m e . ,SAttit --IA.SM O, THK r-BOfLX.;-roeiati.atiouhasbeen issued declaringMondayand iay the SOth and Cist mat., public holidays, an*re is u*>doe.bt snch will be universally observed.p to a late- hour on Saturday night the street decorawere proceeding arith gre-at rapidity, and activity, nally intense for Nova Scotia, was visible on every.1may safely venture to say that there is not a house in Sailifax that has not been painted, renovated or otiier wifc*improvedtortbtgreateventArches stately and rich in vetSJure, are ornamenting tbe stte-eu >uti hundreds CM itagstatts may be seen rtsiag abbve the hecsetops. Farmore enthusiasm prevails in the city with respect to this royal vistt than 1 believe there will be in Canada itself. The people of all rank-.poiiiics and condiitons are vietng with each oUc« in tha endea-«ntunobon»rtotheirfutureking.nacotatiojisasnnavusn. niestreetarth«et wb«hjtreailofverysabstantialarid i.isu-tui .udd, .imube, twenty saveh; of thesowell boilt. ^ ^The Mayor t! Boston anircd yesterday. and lotnei the Major ef Montreal as a guest of the city. These are the only municipal delegate* that have come to Hal.fax Iht tbe purpose of e- iturtinc special Slivitatious to the Pr-ape tovisitatyj4trt.culare.tyofeitherCeu.adaortu.-Lii-ttd States.H i g h n e s s , w e b e g t o a d d o u r f e r v e n t p r a y e r t h a t , t h e blessingsofDirineProvidencemaybefreelyShowered upon you, and thai you may be king spared in the high sphereinwhichyouarccalledtomove,toaiustrate^be ! virtues which have tuslinced your royal mother in theWILLIAM YtjTNC, JOSEPH HOWkADAMS G. ARCHIBALD;,JONATHAN m a i i f , JOHN H. ANDERSON, WILLIAM ANNAND. JOHNLOCKE, BENJAMIN. WLF.U.fcaeu^ at THK rsistis. fTo this address his Royal Highness replied m thefol-owiog terms:—w b f . c h l i e b e l i e v e d w a s c » i g e > o d a u t h o r i t y , t b a t a m o n g ottji-rmsrkserresin-ctitwaseontemplatedbytheCtuun I),jfitConincnetogive himaball."r. prttcbard was aptio-ntedf-Secretary of the commit-|>r, Ri-.iirs th -o tijse and 6,aid that many rafounded re- |n-il.-i had bccB circulated as regards the re-ceptlon they wish to give the Prince on his arrival tn this city, hut it •J..'is oed ii.- ir nitenti'-u tt> infringe in any manner 00 the public•,ceytiootobegivenhimbytheMayorofthecity DrJ Beans ilifu tifiered the followirg preamble and resolutienti ~-Wl.-reai-. HisRoyal Highness, thePrince of Wales, is.i out to visit this city, and the British residents thereof. ty. residents thereof,>uui'tnir tesrl-special Before Hon. Juige lieoaardTeawa.In eouchidiiif ibis letter, on the eve of u:s Roea. High ni-ss arrival hen,1cannot but remark that thepi -«at is an evctii wh«:L is in every way likelv U have iiuportaut iiiBiience over the future of these tra atlantic cdhjnies of Creatj Itrtair. ft Is an incident w h _ ,eiaan.uias—I am deeply touched by the warmth and IKjng cesircti«- to testify their respect aad welcome by cordiality with which I have been welcomed to this cplo sanaefltlirg ''emonstration,ny,andthank you most hearti'.y for youraddressJ ItI f.e!<f•,'-], Tiatacommitteebe appointedbythaChairw,!.hemydnty,anditwill benoleesapleasuretobe.! tob,ketheoreltmlnarymeasurestocarryoutthisobject,tonlormherMajestyoftheproofswhichyouhavegiven,ti-iieonimtttee-toreporttheirproceedingsatafotoraAtt.i -a 1'.—*. Aarwhrr «? ai rr. * H' Mmttm riot — A relelem-e must beodered b appoiai a r*ceivor, auit the injuue lie n must be cwatmued.THE i»08T ot ricE ruo:ix3t.!: tbe matter of tbe retHioo of the m a.ster, elders aaai deaconiftheRff-rm'-a Datchcl-orcb.adthe1ityoiNew Vo-k.let-.«:».etotellrealestate,theJ-uigesaid Asap-p:\atiir Lasbeenmadefi-rleavetcselltbepropertf" known as tin- "Mindlw Dutch Canrcli," sow occupied ana P.siDfliot totheUaitedStates Kovanaaeat,for§200 M», s due ct to the clahwa of the vault aarawrs against thaas- ciety. lader tha decisions cited I think the order shout*U4k will powttrfuily tend to heighten the pride which Caaaa-dians,No«*Scotians,NtufioundlauUers audNeaBiiljh wickcrsfcielinth<fmothereountrv,andlys>doinuwilstrengthentheLMthat'link them together.ieccivuigamarkofr-.«ogtiitioa,theeaectol which,»ir*}. :liapptne'sstoreflect',"have duringherreignbe*n'-cstowe.!!si lil-le, aHhough that tecognu'ou is ia the perso*.,j!TM ^liTt^r^**' ^ ^ •• i»'«« tjarden road, ofaladofeighieet. Theyaccepthimastheembodiment oftheworld.of England's power and greatness., and •- the- reprcsenfa Most heartily do ! symi-athire to the |>ridc with whichthereare irtet,one*<»en as.Water street, three on BrunatrickLevare »*an«'ofvoergratitudefor thosehlcfsicgswhich,itisher :N»iitcommittee toconsistof irteen.withpowertoaddto th'i.r nrmbcr. I naniiaocsly adapted.tttie » lWriMUa«lt«^r 1t, • r W 'S1 t i n u , T l i l f »U *e !' supon j ou and so many others of her subjects in ail pfrtaMr. titiWAROWA:AWI» said he hwped tb* lour wa-tie*s|ities wouM be rt-nrcsanAsd by the mt«ibera be granted, if there are cot any human ramaaas there u f I t h o • ••' t m r t t e - e — E n g t i s b m e B , b L - h m e n . S - o t c b v i n t c - r r o d . i h « p e t i t i o n a U e g e a t h a t a l l t h e r e m a i n s b a r s.idtiiatheCanaJLas,butlookforwardnUeageran- rtfledwithaheavycoverteg«-siwune.Th»,tveathem andwhatethercircumstancesarecapableofbeingto whohavefalleniatheserviceofmycountryandyours.rt-a>arksbailbeenmadeinregardtothereceptiontobw no resaon tobelievethatanywtermectswin giectothePrineeedWalesbytbeBritishresidentsto beaereaJUr tmadein these ground*, aad thatistheonlyatewhichthevaultownersbaretherightw underthecontract or deeds which they hold. The** -.auiudiave ceaaed tn be placed where aay personwh* mayr*vetherighttousethemwilldesigntohaveiaes»- setvea or friends interred. Tbe order may be ffraawd. with a refetwwrv to John T Hoffman. IV) . to take proof* Ae , as te whether any human remrun* rej-c*e tn an) « thevatdtsorgnoandaBoughttobeeoavryj#totltetdc.tsd btote», aed r**pert thf same te thi* conrtiipaJConto-thatreeepUcninXewYot*which*tsto i|H» an others. ""There,"Oarrsay,**-pwihaveat|)ul"ItimhuLoo,andbwnaatyHailfor a fasti ,5*avtr!HcomefromSLJohnstoseethaparade, -I ttkjr art m y willing that the Anterie-an metropolis H. f o e l d o t h e m . l * h e A m c r i c a a s m a y d o t h o t r h a s t a t"f'T^l"^?Me; ^"^dev^aad m£Z deeplyftaugUwilUthosepotentelententswhichbindThemonumentyocrefertowillkindletbeflameof patriotism m the breasts of those volunteers whom 1 have passed te day, and who, in this, and tha ootony whichIhavelatelyqu-ttcc",areemulatingthezeal(andNeWYork,b".the>rea'yhopedtheymighthavethepro :cafestheart-hilcrturs,varies,Iwillsketchafewtal^hewi sothattheleader«iUbeabletofmmanideaoftbeirWn' ptarance ^Thaanaat theJuaasloa sfSp«tjg tardanmad a n d B a n t & g t o n s t r e e t c h a s s i s i d t w o a k a d e r w o o d e n cotntriM, each surmounted by a ore*.;, a wide beancolevnies to the parent land r None.Motcover,itcannot l«otherwise thaallatthePr-acewillleeiapecu:jirinttu-tiaafteryearswithregardtovigeora fr>a'>'<wihtheirlYisceof Walesnotwith-me of your feelings of loyalty and devotion to her throne, mck-tiajg, to be called by the chairman for that r urpose;thkesV'.-resbeshouldt.-tbetoMthat$M6000hadbees tliOse- eceiatrie* wl»ose sell Le has h,m.-ei. trodu u,ar-t gallant spirit wh Lave been exhibited rhroagVmt rthe ! tt h e m e m o r y o i w u o n e i n h a i n U n t e ' L u . ^ a s u t t e r e d i n h n m o t h e r c * w t t r y . + d t t o e n t e r t a i n b i m W e d o c o t w a a t l o c a t e r f o r t h ewelecn? »ii~t tag; r wi;tb;u turn tul the- lad ember^Af Pr|hc« act! Ihen reap the benefit oarseives; and what .c.ift.ih.tnd r a y make the moat of the Priaca af unites ta*m, covered w-th several other wmallM- eroaaea biamteilecl espte It will be well, too, for the pre- | One lu-adred years hav. now elapsed »IBC3 t ^ tt\£T- mte.«y ia -pent ehaf come oot, ©' our»wu pocketstt*^H|*»-"*r*a-ofUsecmtatrjbtcoa-oafiBCtlswittswhiletaresmallartftwajms*jptcrttbec-^KB»aaaaIs-jSja\artvaU«inftuts*,-»aCt-'-«rel*Uttswhicwe*v«faxijbito[uai.anaietrugglesabicUretarderttheprjsiavH* ofJthLs (ThelBAii-j-A*thenrwrnt-^theIWiowlaggentlementaUntitled Documentcountry were broogbt to a ciose.. 1C- arf.49ii a oosstn'-Uee -4Tr. Btnlrw, Pramderjt 0' the *',-ntai'jat'w.:v n» r*aT»r(. r»T r?ot>r*w his Eova. nicness relired to hkifsastof KaglandjWm P WrSftt, of England i LalTforiy a:ix other*, the guests of Government House, and at w»« net hii mteotioo He merely wished te say tsaAhareft r ^'.ih pleasure to his benignity and courtesy. Infostfti'.t.g the colony, it wa? the design of the imperial goveiuiTi..t that the constitution should be settled upon thernddcl (if its great original In tbe parent {Stale, but itwajb 11,1 until the reign of your august mother, her mostgrace is Majesty Quccu victoria, that tbe principles ofself government'were fully established, with ample power ed. Har'.i_ge' aad Palmer now got together, aad some to icgu'.aie our trade, consistently with the general quick run getting,was witnessed The latter, a veteranNttw Brunswick, all tend to convince me. even apart fromIo Parsons Tor s ronnd O, and Ha!'is aad BelMcrreasad the score to »t ^netoie the latter was bowled by1 saw a congregation of men, women and childrenoutside of the barriers. tmi>.-sed by these, while the mid-eile of the road was empty and in waiting for the toy ul ncf* which you enjoy under the constitution of the Hsrougc. VSe ire ret that we are unable to give to las»>-.Mt tik* a mero b»y, ertioyed the eWa/ mali. and occasionally small villages of such, in the midst bu.lt, in tns city, whleb no one can be found entdr equestrian and the ranks which were to*folio*, no parent State and the free institutions which yoc possess, jIK- <e.>»HMi,andtheun'Mag'tlaed adurn ofatilthataxiasachurch,whichistocitychurcheswhat prisiDgienoughto!jini$handopen.Ian.gladtosay vehiclesl>eing,meanwhile,permittedonit?eleureipre- EveryT'Bttertoyourshores,butmoreespeciallytheson brill.antly.e.otaifivda17totbeUnitedStatesseers,t . -« who aurrt.uuded bim. Towards tlie end of a Rjousetrap \f to a hotel, rise up from the naked rocks th^t 1 have se-cured a small bedioom foe myself, and cincts, the stewards becajie ie» r*r«fhli>f those who up«|n which the-y are irregularly perched It would be therefore that 1 shai! not lie- driven to the necesi-ity ofr of;your Queer, must earnestly pray that your" peaceful hut we can sa; be has already distinguished himself ia avocations may never be disturbed: but in case such .a most marked manner in the manly game.TITF. TMGNITARIESJ the *et *ith the Prince-, and now began the uittici'tt to imagine anything more bleak and forlorn,espe- slt>epiiig on a billiard tibic, as I wa.- on mj first night In After this I returned to the quiet streets, which a misfortune should await the empire I rejoice to ob The States thus led their opponents 11 rune oc theyob, gratifying a surancos of the prosperity anr> happi-realio tbe throne ef England, to come and go, without s< joe exbibitiou of those sentiments which they all enle-r- tai^icri;andwhichtt\va-naturallytobeexpectedsuchanflier,andfromaregardtowhosevirtueshedoubt 01" tinfeWtdiiip tbe jibes of the Haa-ii*. aad when he has left1 irg preamble and resovictim to-Sadler'is slows lor wa/, and was succeeded bywith a corrected cof,jMr. 1 •nxs thought that they 6hould prec-ed * th the bi «inss relating t<i the plans for the new county tail Thomas M. Tryniski 309 South 4th Street Fulton New York 13069www.fultonhistory.com 