 **7/Vr W / x r HMMAtDtteoemfpfreoptr. Vttvranmm.£, .' r,to jfiSim. « <*« l»f lltfi e«* 11* tf «** MMt£ <K«X ' ' ^ / ^ i T ^ A ^ A ^ r r - w ^ . . * / ^ « * . , « * ^t»rrAfAiVcSiM8ri»<>/rz>«r«. « ^ / ^ i ~ * " fJudges of the Supreme Court, respectfully re and perhaps Arkansas aad Louisiana, will soon^jJTPaaSrmn'ml^ti*aadwey.-S-u WAXR* Bnt I n —THAI fc—i BABV.chase a portrait of 'ex-Chief Engineer Howard of the tar Sooth, with which she sympathises, was adopted. The Board then adjourned to Thurs- with the preservation of the Union, The actionRIBLeVS 9ARDBS,last evening, and, after receiving a number of re- ports from the various committees, adjourned till Thursday. A remonstrance, signed byallthe Jadges of the Supreme Court, against giving thea j a r ai n w t t t THEAran. Sewerr-—THI Seirrc«JJ waa adopted directing the Corporation Attor-* pidly tending to a state of things favorable to of ths Tribune. The heroes of the Mincio have Taaoaa-TAiarrura ASB ©a«a-B_c* Bras nev to furnish to the Beard a Hat of all the suits> Tste Nafter a flattering official reception at Washing-wUk tmtmm. am/mm amide-[fortaasm JasursuallS o a t R e r a•STARTS' aMSTRKLS, MiJubsiSea* Hall. 471 Broadway.- BcsuKina, 8©*e*. DAKCSA. AC —Uaao Or.HOOUT A 0AMrBB.L»8 RlaOTRSLR. Bibles Saiooa,We Lave no new reports of a startling characterfrom the Sooth this morning. News of that sortmay be found nearer home, in the general depre-ciation of public securities at the Stosk Exchange,Bad in the general fall in the price of breadstuffin this city and at all the principal grain depots at bushel. Red Western aoll down to M 22 a M 25, Mtlwau- the West, Off readers are referred to the moneyarticle, city trade and telegraphic reports for par- ticulars.kee elab to $115 a $119, aad Cbieaoo spring to si 08 a SI 14. Cora fall oc" from lc. to 8c. per bushel Cotton was irregular, with aalea of 0C0 a 1,000 bales, SCO ofthat the State and federal authorities could and would combine to render the Fugitive Slave act null and veld. The idea of sending a black republican marshal to catch a fugitive slave, where there v>*as any loophole through which theofficer could escape fromtheperformance of his duty, according to his oath, is extremely rich.jbaak officers held yesterday afternoon at the Bank Of Commerce, at which were represented the fol- lowing banks:—with a moderate amccat cf engagements. ing character to all concerned. What they areBank of New York, Manhattan Bank, Merchants* Bank,Mechanics' Bank, Union Bank, Phenix Bank. City Bank, National Bank,Bank of the State of New York. American Exchange Bank, Bank of the Republic, Metropolitan Bank,.Shoe and Leather Bank, Continental Hank.Park Bank,Bank of Commons,DeTBlopad.In contemplating the mc•vecents at the South'Care should be taken to discriminate between that which really constitutes the public action of a State and these indications of existing public opinion which do net constitute pub- lic action, although they may eventually con- trol itThe excited movements which have taken place in Charleston in the lost few days, culmi- nating in the raising of an independent flag, and saluting it with the •Marseillaise Hymn," amid the acclamations of the people, instead of with the once popular air "Hail Columbia,"In coDJucctlo' with Lord Lyons, his familiarconferences with M Buchanan, Gen. Cass andMr. Cobb, as we are informed, resulted in a fulland cordial understanding upon the seve- the Personal Liberty bills, and this call has land and France, the despotic governments of ral propositions discussed; and we learn, fur- been met with scorn and contempt. The/Under these circumstances the conservative press cf the North has called for the repeal ofitwasunukimooaly"resolved,thatthebanks bearthesamerelationtothespiritofthetimeseame ground as the Trtowi*. The Times,doingtheBlondinbusiness,initsusualstyle,proposesthat the general government shall reimbursethey will themselves be ultimately subjected to theirapplication.Thus, whilst Western Europe is advancing in the path of political reform and regeneration,represented will unite in the purchase through a committee, of sterLng bills to the extent of two millionsfirehundred thousand dollars, and pay for the same in proportion to their capital pro rata, upon the call of the committee." Messrs. John A.Stevens, Moaea Taylor and Thos. Tileston were ap- pointedfcuchcommittee. The business of trans- mission of the bills, Ac., is to be conducted by the Bank of Commerce for the Joint account of the banks interested.in the Southern Stated that the throwing of the tea overboard In Boston harbor bore to the spirit of that era. The War of Independence did not begin till some time after, and wouldthe owners cf the slaves who may escape, Ifthe people cf the State into which the slave cur government, which was looked upon as the within thirty-Are days. The deficit is less than threeWe learn from reliable scarceexcitement prevails among the < Hcers of the navy of coercion was adopted, and the bloody war in consequence of the preser ;>tate of affairs a* and pregnant consequences which followed are the South, and that so adver • arc they to a colliowing:— lDeerease to loansthat a very greatday nextThe Board of Ceunctlmen held a short sessionwhich these Southern State Conventions may take will probably be the following:—Appoint- ment of Commissioners to Congress asking for a call of a Coaventlon of all the States, to con- sider existing evils sad propose remedial mea-It is somewhat interesting to note the fact that just at tail perilous juncture, when the cotton States are rips for secession, and when theconservativemenofthe Southneedallthe aid that the North oaa possibly give them, thetion, although somewhat arbitrary in its terms, is just now receiving a singular illustration in the respective aspects of political affairs in this country aad ia Italy.Several gentlemen have already fallen victias to these prowling bands; yet oar police are per fectly silent upon It They make no arrsew. butontbeotherhand,lookonwithperfectIn- difference, and seem to have no special busi-NEW YORK HERALD, TUESDAY, NOISM!20, 1860.evening the Oroton Aqueduct Desaft^eat was banks. The Legislature of Georgia bastbaB soon vanquished by the honest simplicity of the tion as that of bullying a fallen foe. IfGara- cr Nrw Tcsx,—We see It glaaal that NEW YORK HERALD. directed to extend their main* from Seventy-se- far merely passed the act callings State Ooaven American philosopher. At this day, however, counsels prevail the jcmrnale ia ths interest of John Horrigan, tbe young man who was sea-venth street to Ninetj second street. A reeou- tion. The Governor of Alabasaa, who was JAMBS CIOIOOI »SBrTB?ssTT, tiondirectingtheStreetOommiaflonertoparahaee Mthorbed some -oaths etace, la slew EDITORAMDroOPRIKrOR. asteamOreengineforCompanyNo.1,atacostof ofthepresentoonttngeney,todothesameorr.cz s. w. coawsa or PCITON AR» MARSAC STS. $4,900, was laid over A report la favor of thing bat aaaouaesd that he will call the BfcflS»'-«'»-«'aj»l»l«*«-~-«B~« _^^^^BBB**aa****'»»*-~ purchasing the brown stoaa statue infrontof the State Convention RfSOOB as the electoral col-CityHall,forthesumof*t,000,wasadopted.Ari :Z<*mder. #TM« *>«* *»** KH» atirmt i»Sm lor* report in favor of purchasing a steam fireengiae leges (ball Imvscsst their votes for PresidentLouis Napoleon, from bis bluataess aad frank. Lincoln will modify their tons towards the tenced to forty years' Lmprisonmeei by Xaags oessinbisInternationalaffairs,isasmucba South,whichisdallybecomingmoreandmore Ruseelafewyearssince,onthechargeofgar- mysterytothsoldschooldiplomacyofEurope exa-peratedbythetauntsheaped uponIts rottnghasbeenpardonedtryGovernorMsr- as was Or. Franklin. head. If tas policy of the black republican I*". The pardon, we are told. was broughtHers ws understand these things better, aad journals Is to help ths secessionists, why act «*out through letters from both Judge Russet hencetheflatteringreceptionsofMr.Lindsay proclaimItboldly? Ifnot,whydothe aadDistrictAttorneyWaterbury. TheceaseGreeleye, Raymonds and Webbs, to say nothing of this request for pardon on tits part of Jodge tical representatives and officials. He will re- of the small fry La ths rural districts, persist in Russel arose from Mi unis tehlm that the tegturn to England satisfied with the results of bis bullylag the South? Mr. Lincoln may as well timony of Travers, upon which he was cosvisit, aad better qualified, perhaps, to give a begin to pray that he may be saved from his victed. waa false, LfBviag the youth guflty esij which deprived them of the rooms In the brown will not do so, as the Legislature is net in ses- correct report of the Catted States, their re- friends. ________________________ of assault and battery. TUs Sflmiiia, at thsfor Hoae Company No. 17, at a cost of |S,S00, was No other State has yet taken publw RflHon, adopted. There was a communication from the thcugh It Is believed that Florida, Mississippi,La every contact with oar commercial or poii-menstrating against the resolution of the Board follow in the movement Texas, It Is supposed,atone building and appropriated them to the Su- sion, aad Governor Houston Is opposed tosources, their institutions and their peopie, than any other European traveller from two months7 observations, not even excepting the Daks of Newcastle, the closely observing Mentor of tos Prince of Wales.time that it was made, was the means of break- TBE Yajorr or Pouncix AsnR_TioK3— ing up the garrotingin this city, which w u at PARALLEL BETWBBK ITALIAN AND AMKBTCAB that time quite prevalent, and, therefore, provedAFTAIBS.—It has been remarked by one of the a blessing to ths community.most brilliaat and forcible of English writers This mods of highway robbery is agatethat history is but a cycle of events La which breaking oat la our midst, with every prospect nations are brought again round to the point of increasing, through the bard times that arefrom whence they have started. Ths observa- now knocking at the doors of the isslitnaulkiperior Court. Theremonstrantssay that they calling it together.r_a*ii-i_B_v I n n n u » SBAX AIA U I I B I ASS r*c«- hare not even now eufficient room to accommo- These are all secession States Virginia will date all their Judges. The psper wasreferredto also probably call s State Convention for thethe Committee on Repairs and Supplies- The report«*£d .n cat W I U I T H M U U , r_amr HBB-IJD. a»d t»<A* in faTor of appropriating the sum of 1500 to pur- pnrpoee of harmoniring, If possible the viewsHers, after seventy years of a progress un-WUmB OARDRR, Bra*s-aj.-Ovr XAsnauta-LoA* rooms now occupied by that Court for the use sures: appointment of Commissioners or do- tone of the black republican press continues to exampled in the hLtery of nations,, we are ness bat to protect the gambling belli aad Of Aberaa. of the Superior Court, was referred to the Com- legates for s Conference of .Southern be defiant in the extreme. Ths Tribune warm- again drifting on revolution, and the dissolution houses of prostitution from all mtnudou • * _NffmTBRATBB,i•Mrarr.-SrAUKMABossstmitteeonLaw.TheclerksoftheSuperiorStates;passageofresolutionsforeshadowinglyopposesanyattemptstoconciliatethepeopleofthsgloriousconfederacybuiltupbytheofthoseInstitutionsflourishundertheirprotec-•awrmiAi Taovrm. WALLACE'STMMATM,MMna<wf.-fun«WinHflinun»su A » r_*cr-Toop-Bi A rAtama,Court bare been making atrennooi exertions to displace the Supreme Court and the General Beeaions,butthemajorityof thecommittee are opposed to any change. A resolutionthe remedies and constitutional guarantees de- sired by the South, and probable action of the Southineaseoffailureoftheseexpectations.of South Carolina. Alabama and Georgia, aad pays, in effect, if they desire to go oat of the Union,letthemgo.TheTimesisnotquitesopatriotismandsacrificesofoarforefathers. tion-infact,apartoftheirprincipaloaoapa-*a184Broadway.-Par-The experiment Of ths ballot and representa- tivelastitutioBswouldseemnottobecapable of sustaining itself against the efforts of the miserable demagogues and incendiariesUoa appears to be to escort their rural friesali to ass ths lions exhibited la those houses oai their arrival La tail city This may be oas ef ths modee that they have tor returning tatBroad«ay-BraoriAXScase.DAWW.BuauaiftCM,*fl.- depositsandthesecuritygivenfortheirsafekeep- policy. Insixteenthstherewillnotbearem- andsofteningofthebackbone,fallingback LOTB*I Dmsoiaas ______OAirrrauivBT wosic UA_L SO Broad way.-BoBGs, ir>g met yesterday afternoon, and received a com- nant of the Lincoln party left It is already upon the old idea that a State cannot secedeOABCBS,B«__S»*WBS Ac mMicationfromtheCityCiamberlaindecliningto broken,andpersonalfactionsarebeginningto withoutprecuringthepassageofanamendmentMCH OAL BALL, •»«"r»--j_?0if " S 2 S ^ _ f F _ t appear before there, whereupon they passed a be formed out of its components; bnt the dlvi to tbe federal constitution authorizing theWhilst events of such melancholy gravity are a a A m e r i c a s S l a v e B e t F r e e b y a • r t t i s swaa, DA*<—a. HO-L_WO«B,An.—rnurun rtr- —A* Soaea,occurringhere,whatspectacle do we beholdcinItaly^ There,InthecountrywhichgaveChief JaatleeWAaanrc-TO*, Nov. 19, ItSS,rt* r < i u s• • w Bowk. T - . a d » r • *slon ofproaching ia of an entirely new character. Weia understoodthat toromatloc bjBUMrotfllP4CIF1C,Lave cleared away the old lumbering and em- bis paper, that it bas been his great object to dobarrassingpoliticalorganizations,andnave everythinginhispowertoallayexcitement, haseverwitnessed,itspeople,aftercenturies vesselandsetfreebytheChiefJusticeoftheisUuuLAworld, with a kwfa <»oaatity of local a a l mlaceUaneoui •uUer, will bo pnblwaed at aiaa o'oioek la tha morning.misled conscience of the Northern States, orH iJfa—' KoraxBaraUd—KdltloB Barresults of the voluntary commercial mission of cotton States with regard to the hostile legislaWhilst here we weary of the fraternal boadsArPuTmsan i t rax rasbcart.town, S. C , ooxpeaaatioa S100.Jamas McFetridge, Collector of the Custom § tor MuuMacta, at Pembina, compensation t l 200.AI fred Palmer, Burveyer ef the " ^ f r s for the pert ofUibtoa, Virginia.William B. Morgan, Surveyor rr the r slows me thepert of Havre de Brae*, Maryland, fmmjwssllsai tlTt Jacob C. Hewlett, Surveyor of the C-Roati at CeidSpring, N. \ —ooapenaattnc, tees.All the abov^ bare seen reappointed,William Prichard, Surveyor of the Customs for Newwa • ryport, Mas*., to place of Katbaclel Jaeiosoe, whose eemmission has expired, and who declined a napnotntiiMRl compensation four hundred aad seraeteec dollarsTax pxaasiaT'e anBSAGX,The President has completed writing his asnoai nasisage.KAIL ACBBT OW VBK PACTIC 00A3T.|Martin T. MSMahee, of the Pest Office Department bas been appointed epteia! egeat of that department for the Pacific coast, aad eommiaaioord to visit and report spaa the Ladies tribes ta Texas aad Arizona He leaves to- morrow morning for St Louis, aad will go tbense to awafTaae!scc by tbe ButterSelrf overland route.Thi Preeldentiml £ieetloa, TEB VOTB Of CALISORKXA.WAiOCBMOS, NOV 10, 1SSS Reuahie private California despatches say that Doaftashas 8,000 over Lincoln, aad 11,000 over Breckinridge. , TUS VOTE OP ILLINOIS.Chncaco, HL, Nov. 18, ISM The official vote o" Illinois la as foUowa:—CJewota, lTa,646, Douglas, 1*9,640; B II, 4,848; Breektorldge, t,2TtThe mcrease to tbe vote since 1860 ia 106,111.T h e lUlaeSs B a n k s .CHICAGO, Nov. 19, '880.90. I S M .Raw Urk n.rsu«.-Lailiornia sedition.. thewoods,neartheresidencecfLisgrandfather,The a_,n ateeanaht? North Star, Capt Jonee, win leave UJ port to-morrow, at noon, for Asptawall.ThemtilaforCaiMerateaalotterpartiofthePacific w.a cioat- at law o'cUx* to asorrow «aoraU>f.Taa Haw T o n WaaaxT Haa_u>--OalUo?a!a edition— before the Coroner's inquest to-mcrrcw. contatateg tba lateat tatatlifeaec from all parUof thaIt is act kzewn by the Maelnlatration that Gevaraar cool, when we consider that not very long ago tions were most favorable to the developement Waller will accept the mission to Mexico. The stsaaarwhichretainitasawiseandnecessarypartof tbedoughtyChevalierdeclaredthattheSouth oftheirintellectualandmaterialgreatness. wbkhleavesNewYorkontheSlattost.wUlearrythe should be "whipped into submission." and that They have learned, as In the fable of the bun- Information to him. If he asserts, hi* tnatnettees are te amendments to the constitution, guarantees on another occasion he Informed an astonished dle of rods, that union is necessary to strength, proceed to Mexico without demy aad relieve Mr. Metass. It appears from the deapatehei ef Mr. MsLsss that Mexican affairs are to a wretched condition, aad he s a srcMi'ution to Kbpo?na him to attend a meeting which they propose hddhg to day, at three o'clock P.M.Themuider at New Letts continue? to attract cons'dtrahleattention.Abo;'fouro'clockyes- terday morning, Joseph Lambert tvns arrested inbreaking cf the compactTbe Chevalier Webb says, in one column ofItfrom tbe Governor of Washington Territory, that a f on board an Amertaaa vessel, which entered thein Westchester county, on suspicion of being themurderer of Mr. Eolyer. Young Lambert wasconveyed to Brooklyn, and lodged in '.!ie Fifth their social system must receive, through ward station house of that city, lie wii! be takenThe cese of Alderman Russell against ex-Alder- man Wilson, for an assault committed some monthsagainst hostile attacks frcm tie fanaticism orworld that he would shoulder a musket and march, like another Bayard, against the seces sionistt.and that tbe force of a people lies in .the con- centration of the national energies. Hence, notwithstanding local prejudices, which atr.ajleooptoatowrappora,readyforaulltof,atzeanta. sinceintheCityHali,trastriedyesterdaybefore theUnionmustbedissolved.given cp all bopa of acoo-pllabirg aaythtog for oar geAcaau will pJaaaa aaad ta tkatr ardara aa early aa poa- aibia.a sheriff's jury, who gave the plaintiff 15,000 damages. **verameot. They absolutely refused to soaks a treatr On one point—and it is a most important one time amounted almost to the intensity that would he acceptable to tha United States.MAILS FOR EUROPE.Lalftad States. It has been suggested invarious quarters, North one acclaim its annexation to the Northern It is not Improbable that the practical and South, that there was more feeling in the States, under the rule of a constitutional King.America, tUeae Important duties will be performed Sf Colonel Gr|jg, chief of the CrdtoanooBureau.Taa Coaard m»ll Rtaamthip Patau, Capt. JadtiBJ, Will l«Tc tail port to awrrow for Urerpool.Taa EaroptMii ataxia will cOoie la thai city to-morrow moraiat at taw o'clock.the offloe dortog the proTloaa weak, aid ap to the hoarin public affairs.States wilt teach a valuable lesson to the offi- cial graduates cf the European circumlocutionLincoln's publicanelection. With a black re- administration, federal officershappy, the people of Italy are content to makeThe Erao—AB Kcmcw or —a B—uos will bapubllaaed at haif-paat BUMo'clocA to tha moralaff. Stogie copies, tobury returns to Washington.' here was a panic In the market for grain and iiour ton, he has returned to this city, whence ha willyesterday. To effect aalea at all heary cooceeeiona had to be made, aad not much was accomplished at that. Flour declined 10c. a 20c per barrel. Extra State sold down to $5 r«r barrel. Wh«at was to tha same predicament, aad aaleaccuUtoaly beeffected at a declineof 4o a£e.perdepart in to-morrow's steamer for England, His propositions of commercial reciprocities, eubmitttd to the President and the Secretary ofState,were,weunderstand,mc*t kindlyen- tertained; and we are led to anticipate there- from certain practical ben*fits to the merchant, the shipowner, the ship captain, and the sea- The banks of the metropolis hare come forward which waa to iraaait. Pnmaioa* were dr-ll and lower. man engaged in the vast commercial exchangesto the relief of the merchants. At a meeting of Sagars were dull and salts limitel. Freights were steady, between the two countries, of a highly gratify-own domestic policy, the resistance to which has hitherto afforded her the only real cause of anxiety. ,That which Louis Napoleon demonstrated in regard to France, Great Britain now fully re- cognizee In regard to herself and all other governments—that sovereigns forthe futurecan only reign by the favor of the masses. And it is significant that, notwithstanding the practical illustration of this doctrine by the people of Italy, and its endorsement by Eng-likely to be Mr.Lindsaywill most probably •aaatt s n d Public Action a s Tarns F a r indicate to th • Chamber of Commerce to day.Prwgreas of tba ftevolutloxt-Pahllc Seatl-never have been at all had the British govern sion to recognise the valuable services of Mr.flees could be taxed for his value, more of the fugitives, we cpine, would be returned to ser- vice or labor.It remains, as usual, for the Courier to cap the climax of all this absurdity. The Chevalier Webb gives an elaborate abstract of the Personal Liberty laws In order to prove,first,that they do not nullify the Fugitive Slave law; secondly, that if they did the States had a right to enact them; thirdly, that it Is tbe intent of the laws to makegrandest political experiment that the world hadever witnessed, i- disappointing the expecta-tions that it had inspired. We had hoped to numbering nearly one hundred, is amply secured. teach other nations that republican institutionswere compatible with stability and cohesion. W eare now, alas! taking steps to convince them thatthey are the frailest and most uncertain of hu-man ties.Decrease to circulation MB. LINCOLN REFUSES TO STEAK IN FAVOR OF- Increase to speciement and Parliament rightly comprehended the public opinion of the thirteen colonies and the principles which underlaid It But in- stead cf seeking to examine these, and initiating remedies for existing evils, the policyLindsay in the work of removing the numerous stupid restrictions aad obstructions, in the way cf petty taxes, criminal prosecutions, A c., which embarrass the operations of trade be- tween the porta of England and those of the United States.Tbe PMladelpRla WeeMlw Baak State* an«mt.there will be an almost universal resignation . : u= of a —owing state cf excitement In the pub- the programme of Mr. Lindsiy, but we of his slaves; fourthly, that It would be as welltheir commissions as soon as hostilities break out. They will not imbrue their hands in the blood oftheir brethren.Henry Ward Beecher delivered a lecture in thelic rxvLd. AU partie? of ttiaterer political com-the excited feelings new prevalent In the South, doubt net that he has sown the seed which be- to modify the laws somewhat, but that there but coolly refers to the sentiments expressedhia sentiments upon the present state of the Union. His remarks on this subject will be found in an- other column.and brutal doctrine of an •• irrepressible con- flict " against the institution of AfrK-an slavery, which is vital to Southern society. The men of the South hare seen the same doctrine pro- claimed years ago la France, and how It ewept with inexorable ruin over St Domingo; theyin our coasting trade will be removed. That re- ciprocity, which would be all on one side, must necessarily be indefinitely postponed. But the various other reciprocal regulations proposed by Mr. Lindsay are fc manifestly the deductions of common sense, good will and liberality, that there cannot be much difficulty in reducing them to practice.« United States officers do their duty quietly and peaceably the law can be executed in every Northern State, and we believe that under a republican administration It will be thus exe- cuted."We have Little to say m regard to the (barter's false logic, and only a word as to its misstatements of fact Everybody knows that the Personal Liberty bills do practically nullifycountry is passing.we ore at this moment in almost the same revo- lutionary condition as we were when the confe- deracy was formed. Here arefifteenSouthern States actually moving in a revolutionary direc- tion, under the coercion of eighteen NorthernStates, with grievances to complain of just as heavy as those under which the colonies suffered from a foreign government; and yetThe present condition of the country is ra- candid, but its conclusions are similar to thoseprosecuted for a violation of Corporation ordi- the consideration of the necessities of the been all along very brave, evidently antici who seek to elevate themselves on the favor of tbe rural politicians for Isgaalsttag;•AJiirtnraAasatwas aoaara, B--*!-v.-peyaai nances since last May. The Board concurred, to South. We have lived fifty years of political pating that there would not be aay very great ruins of our national prosperity. To what muu—Axrao CHLu>BBji-UruiMfi CuaioiiTiaa, AC-I*.J«Bthem into office: but it It not what ths pchlie, who pay liberally to support the police ta thai city, expect in return for their iHlTMMiL ClPirtLincrease the salary of the Aaaiataat Auditor of the Finance Department to $1,500.lhe -pecial Aldermanc committee appointed to investigate the amount of interest paii on the cityexistence and experience in the last six weeks. The old democratic party oo longer exists, and the elements that once constituted it are rapid- ly ranging themselves on new lines of partytrouble in the South; but Latterly the deliberate way in which the fire-eaters have gone to work bas frightened cur quadrilateral contemporary, and he shows signs of weakness In the knees,theirit is impossible to foretell.out cf the chaos into which they are dragging us we can again resolve the debris of *our in- stitutions into their original framework?partieswhichnew seemsto be ap-birth to the doctrine of the divine right ofkings, and which enthroned in its bosom theworst ecclesiastical despotism that the world or Victoria, Vancouver's Island, ass bees taken Owes tatpretty high handed measure this. wickednesscfAfricanslavery. Onthisthe thetruthasitis. Thisstatementisremarkably thatpointoftheirhistorywhentheirinstitu —aaoasroKtoKBEOO.come down to the real issue of the wisdom or*nd to induce our Southern brethren to look at of enslavement and suffering, are returning togreat conflict has to be fought, and the StatesThe lion, Mr. Linda*? H. P.. aad His one—wefindtheblackrepublicanpressunited. ofhatred,wefindSouthern Italy voting with VolaRttaer Commercial PXlaaloa te> SBeraenKTTOS or AasasAie _aa> ASJCO During the absence of the IaepeetorofThe Tammany Hall Democratic General Com-mittee met last evening, and apppolnted to-morrownight aa the time for holding elections for delegatesto the various conventions for the nomination ofcandidatesforcityofficers. Acomaittcewasap theHon.Wm.S.Lindsay,M.P.,totheUnited tionoftheNorththanuponthemerefactof underwhichwehavebecomeprosperousand Job:-.*.".Merrier.;,CollectoroftheCtatomaatGeortS pointed to prepare fin address on the present crisisany sacrifices so that all the members of the gineers, having been ordered fcy the Secretary cf office in the true science of diplomacy. Since of the same stripe, and all other per- great Italian family can be brought within theCaptain M. C. Meigs, ccrpi of United States En-bis arrival en cur shores, some two months ago, sons in many of the free States prevented command of Fort Jefferson, Garden Key, arrived he has traversed the country to the extent of by local law from carrying out the provi- The oooteals of the luxonua Emms or r—H—uia there in the steamer Magnolia, Captain Orewell, on five thousand miles, h»s more or lees elaborated sions cf the Fugitive Slave act, the South, it is alleged, would have no longer any rights in the North, and might be better off out of the Union than In it. The repeal of the Personal Liberty laws would, it Is believed, do a great deal towards calming tbe South, because under those circumstances the incoming adminis- tration could not say that the federal officers were unable to execute the law in certain States on account of the oppositionof localWar to relieve Captain D. P. Woodbury of thesame circle cf influences.Bat a more Impressive fact still than this as-sertion on the part of the Italians „ of the right of expelling rulers distasteful to them., and of choosing their own institutions, Is the emphatic approval given to their course by the English government, in the recent despatch of Lord John Russell. That England should thus dis- tinctly admit a principle which strikes at the doctrine of hereditary right, shows that ehe Is preparedtomakethosefurther concessionstoenactments. In other words, the South believes the popular demands in connection with herwrappers, atz oaata.arlli oombtoe the news reoslYed by mail and telegraph at the Tth inst. The transfer cf the charge of the for- to our commercial classes, at public or socialef putdicailoe..tifications from Captain Woodbury to Captain meetings, in thirty different places, the pur- Meigs took place c n the 10th inst. Captain Wood- poses and propositions of his mission, and,ther, that this successful volunteer ambassador received,before leaving Washington,the full consent ef the President and Cabinet publicly to make known the nature of his conferencesTribune states, in the first place, that the Per the Continent dare take no steps to nullify i t The fact Is that they find their action paralyzed sonal Liberty laws are practically of no account; between two dangers. If they assume the of-that all the clamor about them is hollow and delu- fensive, revolution weakens them from within,sive, and that the States will modify, repeal orandtheviewsandpurposesoftheadministra- retainthemasandwhentheyseefit.TheTribunewhilstatthesametimetheywillbeassailed followingbasks—American ExchangeBankStateBaaktion touching the several treaty etipalaticns has more about the arrogance of the South, and from without. If they yield a passive assent to (Shawneetowa), Bank of the Commonwealth, Bank ofsuggested.Wewillhotundertaketo anticipate further the contemplated expositions of Mr. Lindtuy beforetheChamberofCommerce.Wemay venture the opinion, however, that his intelli gent audience, after hearing his statement cf what he came to do, and of what he has virtu- ally achieved, will find it becoming the occa-declares that no halfway measures should be to the new political theories which are being adopted with such people. The Post takes the formulated by the constitutional governments,Raleigh, Coni Exchange Bank, National Back aad Baak at Aurora.ffranscratLn. rjL, Nev. Iff, 1 The Back Ocmm'jaionera hare been tadays,aadhavetaeuedacallupontwentytwobeaksof tbe State tor additional security, to aarwrn-i varying from three t» e'ght per cent of their circulation, to be paidOf ccur*e we cannot undertake to pro- mise any immediate treaty comprehendingwell known to all.aion —tth their fellow citizen in that quarter ti '-• From ell sides in the South tidings come to the reciprocal concessions embraced in ft, difficult for the claimant to obtain the return refuses to say anything or do anything to allayplexionfeeling of defence for the social c realization of national law. In no event, however, do we tive Slave law Itself shall first be shorn of its politician in Illinois. This course of Mr. LincolnLititrto,are unitiesin t i e universalfore long will produce ths ripened fruit of inter- can be no hope "for such repeal until the Fugi-by him six years ago, when he was a petty localtheir own section. Seward and the black re- presume that the objections cf cur government offensive features;" sixthly, that the law is nowwhich he treated the audience to an exposition of publican party have proclaimed the bloody and people to a free participation of England executed as fairly as can be asked, and If the the nature of the crisis through which theCooper Institute last evening, on the conclusion ofvery plainly shows that he does not comprehendThe despatches which we publish this morningfrom Springfield, Illinois, are interesting. There isa great deal of speculation just now aa to the com-roaiUon of the Cabinet of the President elect Thenames which were given in the HIRALD of the 10thInst, and which are reproduced in to-day's paper,are, we am aeanred, nearer the mark than any©there. Mr. Lincoln wttl visit Chicago on Wednes- and now they contemplate the same fallaciesday, where he wffl meet Mr, Hamlin, the Yice Presi- appealing to the moral sentiment in the North, teer commercial ambassador from John Bull to dent elect. The republic ana have a great congrat •alatory jubilee at Springfield to-day, when Senator Northern State, without one single exception,Trumbull will, It Is expected, develope Mr. Lin-coln's views OR the afairs of the nation.saw it rousing the conscience of England, and remorselessly sacrificing the material and social iaterestt of the British West India colonies;Mr. Lindsay has had an Interesting tour of observation in the United State*. As a volun-and placing a political party in power in everyBrother Jonathan his enterprise waa a novel one. We daresay, nevertheless, that next to the tour of observation amongst as cf (be Prince of Wales, this amateur diplomatic visittution; everybody knows that in some dis- tricts the execution of the Fugitive Slave law Is a physical impossibility. What chance would ths United States officers have for doing their duty "quietly aad peaceably" ia Ashtabulacounty,Ohio,orWowestercounty, Massachusetts, or Onondaga or S t Lawrence, in this State! What chance had they La the city of Chicago last week? The Personal Liberty laws ought to be repealed, for various reasons other than the conciliation of the South. They raits a conflict of jurisdiction betwsec ths Stats and United States courts, and place the citizen who wishes to discharge ail his duties and obligations between two fires. If the laws are practically of no account as thsTrSnme says, why not erase them from thesures calculated to moderate the excitement which is driving the South to extremes, and already producing at the North the most disas- trous results to trade and commerce. Nero fiddling while Rome was burning at not an inaptillustrationofMr.Lincolnsmokinghit segar, drinking bis lager bier and cracking his familiar jokes up in Springfield; while the coun-try is on the verge of rain-He is probably occupied over bis lager andsegar with tbe question as to how many of the endorsers of Helper's book he will put into his Cabinet—a course which will tend to Increase the exasperaticntenfold—unconscious,w e pre- sume, that at this very moment we are laths midst of a revolution, that all parties are broken up, all old political systems shaken, and thai within the past few months the country has un-dergone a more extraordinary Changs of ideas than it has experienced during the whole of its previous existence as an independent na- tion.and rousing the conscience of the people withthe unsompronu&ing assertion that "slavery isan evil aad a crime.'" In this the South feels ot the distinguished member of ParliamentBy the pony expreea we have news from SanFranciscotothe8th,andfromOregontothe1st»oai. The retnrna of the Presidential election inCalifornia, so far as heard from, Indicate that the ileetore!voteoftheStatewillbecastforLin-cleofacommunityoftwelvemillionsofpeopletwogreatcommercialanticnsconcernedthancoln. A iiwitrh from Washington, however, •aid to be reliable, gives Douglas 5,000 plurality over Lincoln and 11,000 over Breokinridge. In Oregon therepublicanswere very confident of car-rying the State, aa many of the Douglas men had gone over to their party. B i s said that the re- porta of the preparations for aeciaaston it the Southern Atlantic States had produced hot Uttte effect in San Francisco. They had, however, re-turning almost with unanimity against the all ibeir cold and formal red taps reciprocitiesceived BOadvicesfromthisaideofthemotmtaina movement,has,throughherLegislature, pytat, A. B Bams/d, EL W. Lymes aad Alfred Wate:.(ater than the ath last. Trade was rather dull,i .olitical affairs having diverted attention from bo* fitness.a State Convention for the 17th of December tween two governments, ss between two honestCertainly the republican partythat honor, as well aa Its dearest interests. la Involved; audit presents to-day the specta-under review will prove to be more valuable to the ends of peace and good wffl between t i eP«©ple of the North, who fester the hydra of anti-slaver y fanaticism, that would crash oat ttslr social existence.Unanimous as this sentiment is In the publicand deliberately the term of public acHon, Sonth Carolina, which Is the most advanced Isof the last forty years.This mission of Mr. Lindsay-an Anuariflaa idea originating on ths other aide of thshas been carried out In the truestyle. Dr.Frankl_,atth^CourtrfLouiaXVL, was the founder of this American school of diplomacy, which simply consists in a plain, honest, straightforward system of dealing be-authorized Its executive to raise by loan onemillion of dollars, and removed the restrictionsto keep thithetaeel-a tree from prejudice, and dischargedAt a meeting of the Board of Aldermen IaU onthe sTJpeoaica of spec's payment! bytfcs the arts of deception, overreaching, equivoca- any grace at the hands of the party which istion and suspicion, at first embarrassed, wag now taking so impolitic and dangerous a re Jl-Thomas M. Tryniski 309 South 4th Street Fulton New York 13069men.The Bourbon Court of France, trained toThe Ooart moratafadjourned tiD nine o'clotR to morrow•Fits a t ftatlasaw. V t . _Untitled Documenta federal law which is founded upon the const! the President elect declines to take any mea-statute books?can afford to be magnanimous to the South- not that the South, as we uxtdentasd it, claimscan. Ihe jury w _ taws sworn, earttoaed by the CourtwickedschemeswillWho can say thatbringa sPEAC: —Mr. Lincoln, it appears, obstinately Ths money market to-day to easier.He does not perceive that—Our bacAors to-morrow, will throw out the notes cf thehunired thousand! dollsrs. No doubt Is entertained but that the banks embraced ta the can will promptly re • spend. The circulation of the other basks of the State.PKTXADXLPTCA, NO?. Iff, 1888. Curbaoxstatementforthepast week shews therot-^ 8888ffOi4.1,000 laSfftO 134,008Mews Crams Plkc'a P e a k .— tan KBAMBT, NOV. tft, 1886Two coaches of the Mr*', peak express, which left Denver on the 16th, p»:-"i here for St. Joseph at one o'clork yeaterday aftf rt n. with fa", toadsBy this arrival we t*< the feiiowtog advices —I I MU Qrr, November 16,1388.A snow storm set to on the eveclug of tbe 18th. aad lasted twenty four _*•:. B la this city tha gromad waa barely covered at »n> t rt •••. up«nr,w atelttcg re->UL'y. AtGeidaa City It atatoed a • epth of e'.rht techea, at Ore. Cory's twelve laches and on the Divide, tvecty firs I scoth of bare, twelve incix s. Tbe fail on h>gh rs appears to have been very beavy, and tbe wagonto ths weateru slope are, d»amt« blocked c. for the wto •er. The weather yeaterday aoti this morning was very One, with clear r ights, ec>ld ard freelyO'jirh minijr baa a's > Deerlv reaaadVast quantities «f <iuarta fir sprirg cperatioas are being raised from deep leade.The Provisional Legislator* aesembled oa Monday aaJ organized temporarily, and on the tollowlng day perms- neatly. Tbe Governor iren delivered hta message, aad fc:th housea adjourwed r.ntll Monday, the 13th tostt'laht exchange on N'ew York ia at g>_ a Z per cenlprt- mtiss, and on St i'x<u» at 2 a Z}i per cent premie—.The average Bce^esa of the geld now offering a SIT :<r ounce, in tbe barThe ebipesecta of m-asnre ' h i week are aa foJews.— On the 19th tost.. -y Bicckley A Cos Kxpreea,ShOOOS <-c the l*»tb, bj th" Oslrn rr.ta Overlaid Centra: aaJ rite's Teak Express. 860 COO also this morning, by las latter company 86600Two trains of fifty four wagons, for Jones t. QartjrrkgRt, aad ose team of thirty Qvr wagons, for J. B. DeyieR Oocametayesterday—toall,eightystoeergons—with _:o tost of goodsLarge numbers of mtoera aad others are st— estt'-Jg outyor the Bt Jua_ mines.Col.St.ViainarrivedonSaturdayfromNewMexico He is quite contd«nt that the new iHeunaites ta that laace will prwe very richTwenty mills have nearly an atrmpsd tar the water. mostly en account of the failure of water hy the fraseiox.T h s Bavrclo D lNAIW ~ u t , Ri., Nov. 10, lata.rte proceedings to the Bo nfe divorce oaee to day war? esaawst to the eaaalaattna 0/ aadrrtdnale wRR reforeaes to thetr qaatlSeatlaaa — taj-ora. A fall paael was feaaliy obtained, oostatsUBg of tr<e 'oOowtag aasaed parsons:-—8> J. Wtleox, L. CllSbrd, B, WtUatw, P^orthrnp, C I Ktsee. D Straekmaa,Winiar, rtaeh, Jonathac Dsisll)ertB WDenreaaa ia deposit*.... www.fultonhistory.comBca—BT, V t , NOT IC.lt*; ^ aryaat fr Wnoloomb't and Atwecs'i Lvtry emula*. 