 NEW YORK HERALD. JAMBS OORDOS BRIISTfi EwroR ANDrswrwKroR.Orric* ». w. cossets or naasac AS» rtfLron »rsNEW YORK HERALD, SUNDAY, FEBRUARY 26, 1860.f>a»t nCaents maid Present %-pcrts I R H M I - rec^ved intelligence fe New T«rk on Tneeday was proven that he bad attempted, not only has netted a great deal of money both for the really ovtalne* at to?eaeaTy, aad that the Linaixra QAMUS*. aroEjiwm*yr -ooo*«*i i n u Aavm TIKTU _____BOWaBT.-Jv.—a CnEAa-aoaT O'Moaa.W* IXACK 8 THtArRK, Broad* Ej.-*osui»et Of A Pooa than occupy and hold a few large cities in the Voc»«. Man.m i r m oaannr. Br..«d»»y, ou?ce*u so*a svsst,- ftovaaaoa's Wire—J i m I.iEathe part of the British authorities, which we think merits severe reprehension.friends, cling tenaciously to their early associa- about i t The people have a right to kmot all parties interested to keep a sharp eye upon tions and habits. Firmly opposed to that what becomes ot their money. The Street Com-be doings of the sensation parsons, especially in mania for change which has become the be- miasioner has pressed this matter as for as the the rural districts. If the shepherd is derelict, setting sin ofour New York population, he re- means in his power would allow. Whet has theLAURA K E M I • THEATRE, Dtuaa, *C34Brasdwsr.—IBAE—I»EW SOWSBV.—Wi coa-i sav—FEOUC or TBS VAIEIES.BROADWAY BO0POIR, *** Brosdwsr.-Tau IhPOM TUJIB.BAESCMS EMBBICAB MUBBTJM. BroadwEy-AAar- IHE Ead HEEEEi fwirnsorrtable land, on which the marching to and fro of »he troops has been a comparatively easy ope- ration, Mil anion has not been able to make a single successful expedition, nor has one single State voluntarily or by force adhered to the in-Abread.We have printed, from time to time, extractsfrom the British press, which go to show a general laxity of morals among the upper and middle classes of England, and almost every mallwhat will become of the sheep?Theatrical Rivalries —Llwely Among the Managers,mained until his death the occupant of the District Attorney to aay?is reported that this paper states that the Hongarianhad three hundred and sixty passengers on board.It is now two years since the rebellion of records facts to strengthen that position.These are glimpses at the theatricals of reallife; but the mimic stage itself frequently pre-Senator Douglas.Several subjects of interest were brought up in the Legislature yesterday. In the Senate abill wasmarched down to within sight of its walls, from sexes/' and that the exposure incident uponutter downfall of the former; the assumption policy may well be called in question. Lookof the direction by the directors of the at the results of the disposition made of theAcademy corporation, with the Chevalier Girard and McDonough estates. How far haveWikoff; the sudden appearance, like a first they fulfilled the intentions of the donors?class comet, of the little Napoleon Ullmann, Were it possible for them to revise their wills,his Waterloos, Moscows and Marengos; the er- hew different would be the distribution of theirratic, meteoric career of the mercurial property. If the only effect of eleemosynaryStrakosch, with his lucky hits and his unlucky bequests be to cheat the families of testators,ones—all these have afforded a vast fund of in order to spend the amount among lawyers, itamusement for the curiosity-loving public, were far better that the independence of char-and their exploitation has formed a new and acter which rendered Stephen Whitney indif-Introduced to create#a new department in the cityCharities and Correction, to take the place of the again left Mexico, announcing a similar inten-All that- the bill asked was that the court might have the privilege to sit with closed doors when such proceeding was deemed ex- pedient. Mr. Roebuck ridiculed Lord John Manners and his bill, quoting the epigram of Swift, that ''the nicest persons had the nastiest ideas.-' The member for Sheffield believ- ed "the proposition of the noble lord to have originated in the same state of feeling that possessed the American lady whose sentimentsagreeable episode in the newspaper literature Of the day, which is only valuable in propor- tion as It is quick to "catch the manners of the time, living as they rise."Board of Ten Governors, which is to be abolished. A bill was also introduced authorizing the Commis- sioners of the Sinking Fund to license as many ferries between New York and Statcn Island as they may deem proper, and regulate the fares therefore. In the Assembly, the Senate bill to ex- tend the time for the collection of taxes throughoutthe Bute till April 1 was passed.Accounts from Havana to the 20th Inst statetion against Vera Cruz; but whether he will really go down to the mortiferous plains, and, ill provided as he is, undertake the siege of a strongly fortified city, is very problematical.The constitutional* government has made abundant and energetic preparations to receive him should he come. The resignation of Senor Ocampo has changed in some respects the po-ferent to the posthumous praises of the public were more generally manifested.fic<f of one thousand dollars, and was released. Thesome months since, is actively employed con-s concerned, should be corrected. He WEBnot Catena of the Congressional Committee of Arrangemetu for tat Washington statue celebration. When the Sereatt rai- ment arrived here he WEB in Baltimore, consultnf fea physician. Immediately upon his return, in the erase], he called upon Colonel Lefferts.andfindingthat the proa* attentions had not been shown the regiment, siaveiciwHiiauvBi Second Attrmpt om Vers Cras.that the vessel was ashore on Sunday night, the once, but many times, to debauch three of the manager and the author. In the meantime, the Company, end not the etty, were the eaten!! lf»th instant; and ia three or four days after- female members of his church, who reebted his Chevalier Stuart announces various novelties, Can tie Ann Amelia, registering •r^HrhttZlkThis argues gross neglect or indifference on out further comment Latterly they have be-interior, and these, whenever abandoned bytheir garrisons, have again acknowledged theconstitutional rule of President Juarez. Butbeyond a limited circle in the centre of the Immorality lm High Places avt Home susdthe caprices t>f fashion and tike example ofand whether he furnished full weight end tflinsurgents of the centre. Chihuahua, Durango and Nuevo Leon, on the northern frontier, have all along held allegiance to the constitutionalnis principle. The English journals take very have given our readers an occasional insight who take a broader view of the attachmentsthat ha* reached us with regard to the loss of the President, and Tamaulipas and Vera Cruz, tendency to bring the United States and their worked by the managers who hold the strings, steamer Hungarian. Nothing direct from the scene which complete the chain around the republic, institutions into contempt. Some of the Bri to which the rank and file of the different of the wreck, however, has been received, except have been steadfast and untiring in their alle- tish publicists argue that the effect of republi- parties or factions pay the homage due from the fact of the recovery of the ship's clearance. Itit were, the last link between the present cargo.and the past three generations, during The secretary of the Lime Company says thatthe earliest period of which all the mo- it is utterly impossible that these vessels coal*neyed influence and respectability of New have procured from him the amount of tan York were concentrated within half a mile material which Nesbit charged to the city; or,of the house in which he drew his last in other wordsj the company could not have breath. furnished 17.000 tons when their books oaljgiance and exertions. can government is to debase our people so- cially, and they cite from American criminalhumble and obedient vassals.The statement is discredited, as neither the Hun- Zuloaga at Tacubaya initiated the conflict At the same time, they ignore altogethergarian, nor the other ships of the line, were ever which is devastating Mexico. Comonfort, the circumstance that the majority of criminalsknown to carry that number of passengers. abandoned by the army, left the country, and in our prisons, and out of them, are persqns ofsents, apart from the comedies which are givento the public eye, scenes which are quite as en- The wealth left by Mr. Whitney cannot be show 9,000 tons.We copyfroma Philadelphia paper what purportsto be a list of the cabin passengers on board theship; but as it does not contain the names of cer-tain residents of Toronto whose friends believe the provisions of the constitution. He escapedOur special despatch from Washington states that for a period of two years, it has been exacting vorce Court. Lord John Manners asked leave the caucus of the republican members of the House the most enormous contributions. Cities and to bring in a bill to enable that court to sit last evening, relative to the election of a printer, districts have been repeatedly occupied, and as with closed doors. He made a strenuous speech resolved to make no nomination, but that each repeatedly abandoned by thorn; and, though in support of his motion, declaring that "a man member vote for whom he pleases on thefirstbal- their better discipline and military skill have must cither discontinue takfhg in the dailylot on Monday, and that the person having the given them numerous victories over the un- papers during the sitting of the Divorce Court,largest number of votes be regarded as the candi-date of the party on the second ballot. It is pro- skilled volunteer forces of the legitimate govern-bable, therefore, that the question of the printing ment, yet these have constantly turned to ashesspoils will be definitely settled to-morrow. The in their hands. In the lapse of time Zu- nable character.'" The speaker farther de- democratic Senatorial caucus also met yesterday, loaga was overthrown by another military clared that the publicity of the Divorce Court and adopted the basis of an exposition of the views chief, and Miramon has since that time styled was more dangerous than the sale of obsceneof the majority of the Senate on the slavery ques- himself the "President Substitute" by virtue of publications, which has been recently suppress-tion and other political issues. It is said that the his own authority. One year ago he made ed by act of Parliament; that it was alwaysbasis alluded to does not meet the approbation of great preparations to attack Vera Cruz, and "crowded with the most abandoned of bothtertaining as any of the manoeuvres of the poli-ticians. Every one will remember the ups aaddowns,thevictoriesanddefeats, therowsandthe quarrels and the squabbles of the ItalianOpera managers, from the time whenpoor Fry hung out his banners inAstor place, down to the present mo-ment The terrible wars between the ar- much injustice has been perpetrated against Company, and Captain Milton Dayton, of the tists and Fry; the rise of Maretzek, his irrepres families through a spirit of ostentatious patriot- Ann Maria, say that it would be impossible for tible conflict with Bosio, Salvi and Com ism on the part of dying millionaires, that If the Mary Walling to carry ninety-nine net tots; pany; the utter defeat which overtook him we occasionally meet with a case in which the that this load *ould certainly sink her.and banished him to Mexico) his war with the principle that charity begins at home is recog- In the report of the Street Commissioner stockholders of the Academy, in which he nized, it is scarcely fair to take exception to it there is a full description of the manner iiJuarez, then President of the Snpreme Court, became President of the republic in virtue offoreign birth.alone from the capital, and, proceeding to thePutting that view of the matter aside, if we look at society in Great Britain we shall find a state of things which puts Continental licensetook passage in the Hungarian, it can scarcely bedeemed reliable. The agents of the Canadian Grand west, was rapidly acknowledged by the greaterTrunk Railroad furnish the names of -twelve portion of the country. The military element, to the blush. We ha'&e before us a report of steerage passengers who were booked at Liverpool having joined the insurrection, seized upon a the debate in the House of Commons on the and Cork. small extent of populous country, from which, 7th inst,, apropos to the newly established Di-The secretary of the Tompkins Cove Linewhich, however, he retreated without strikingproceedings in this court would have the effect of deterring many good people from applyinga blow. Now, with diminished resources, andof New York, to be called the Department of Public at a more advanced period of the year, he has for the relief to which they were entitled from it.great delight in printing all sorts of stuff, real or manufactured to order, which may have ainto the interior of the political theatre, and described the manner in which the puppets arewhich bind men to localities only respected him the more for i t And thus he remained, asor be must consent to place in the hands of his family details of the most indecent and abomi-from Irving place; the feeble dart at manage-ment made by OleBull and Strakosch, and thequests to the exclusion of family claims pass the scrutiny of our courts of law, that theirrangements, their intentions are almost certain bornAmericancitizenhavingbeenclaimedbythemember.Anewcabinethasbeenformed,andnakedlegsofherpianoforte.''Hethoughtthatofthemutationsandchanges,thesuccessesyerstheSt.Peter'spencearesuretofindtheirthat considerable excitement existed there amongthe American residents, in consequence of a Spanish Juarez cabinet, of which he was the ruling of modesty were wonderfully offended by thelicy that has been so long exhibited by theauthorities for military service. Consul Helm had a practical and energetic spirit seems to rule i t the court ought to be open, as a means of in-demanded the man's release, which had been re- A steamer, the Wave, sent out from this port fluencing public morality, and was aware that fused. The man thereupon paid, under protest, a "the English notion of morality was confinedentertaining volume. The down town theatres then to leave to their families an undisputed correspondence on the subject between our Consul veying the orders of the government, concen- to picking a pocket and seducing another have succumbed to the upward movement, inheritance. They lose a vast amount of enjoy-man's wife. But there were other things whichington. and keeping the entire line of the Gulf shore in he read in the daily papers by which he 'was business world. Mr. Wallack himself is a steady principle. What greater gratification can thereand the Cuban authorities has been sent to Wash- trating men and munitions on the weak points, Our Buenos Ayres correspondent, writing on the constant and rapid communication with theand Wallack's is now the nearest theatre to the ment and satisfaction by not acting on thismuch more affected. He constantly saw in the reports of the police courts that men were brought up for threshing their wives, almost beating out their eyes and nearly taking away their lives. These things went on from day toBtatea Navy, were in port with the steamer Argen- tion of life and vigor at the helm, and day, and disgraced the people of England in tine, of Captain Page's exploring expedition, the everything for a distance of many leagues the eyes of Europe and of the world.'' Mr. vessel wanting a new boiler. The members of the around Vera Cruz that could give shelter or Edwin James opposed the bill, on the very expedition were all well. The Paraguayan steamer supply to an enemy has been removed or de- sensible ground that if the court was held in Tamari waa still guarded by English war ships. stroyed. At the same time a policy of concilia- secret, the journals would have "all sorts ofThe Brooklyn ferry leases were advertised to be tion has been adopted towards a portion of the•old at auction atAhe City Iiall yesterday, but an ap- old army organization, which is disposed to re- porters in wigs and gowns, or by attorneyi or peal has been taken by the State from the late de- turn to its allegiance to the constitution. The their clerks; and a morbid desire to procuregoing manager of the old school. He conducts be to a man who has raised himself to wealthhis theatre upon a definite plan, the details of by his own exertions |han to contribute to thewhich he only alters to suit the prevailing taste glory and splendor of the city which has been the commander that nothing should be left undone ot27th of December, says that the Union party had acentral power at Vera Cruz. The forti-triumph in the election of delegates charged with fications of that city have been repairedthe following d a y that h e could do. Accordiaffr, of the public for the time being. For more than the theatre ef his struggles, and to be enabled to the review of the regiment by the PresvMst,a quarter of a century, Mr. Wallack has held his witness the result of his munificence growing and 'other attentions, were brought sbout by the sw present fine position with the American public, before his eyes? It is this spirit which has sonal exertions of Mr. Cochrane. He tboic measure* Itan examination of the Argentine constitution. Arenewal of political agitation was looked for in the and replenished, the sipirt of the con-city. Lieutenants McGay and Chandler, United stitutional forces revived by the exhibi-cision of Judge Hogcbooni (published in the HE-RALD) dissolving the injunction against the sale.man who has worked this change is Miguel Lerdo de Tejafla, the ablest financier, the mostthem would be evidenced on the part of the public" The debate was closed by Lord John Manners, and in reply to a memBer who had stated that there were as many indecent cases tried in the common criminal courts as in the Divorce Court, he said that the latter tribunala safe, solid business, neither courting nor de-fying opposition.\ Further up town we have Laura Keene'stheatre and the Winter Garden, between which dividuals who come within the category ofhouses there is a war as violent as the rivalry millionaires. Many of these are benevolentbetween the Capulets and Montagues, or the men, and do a large amount of present go fid. The democratic Senatorial caucus met at twelve to-day.This appeal will be argued before the GeneralTerm, at Albany, about the 5th of March next, and practical statesman, and the staunchest liberal,We have in this city probably a score of in*the Comptroller, after consultation with the Cor- poration Counsel, decided to adjourn the sale to the 25th of March next—" if that date does not fall upon Sunday."without any tendency to the French school of radical liberalism, that Mexico possesses.BBKATOBIAL KITOWTtOS OS TBI S U I R I Qcnmovtry contract, Mr. R. A. Smith, to whom the lucra.tially adopted, as in the case of the so-calledDavis, of Mississippi. Quite a protracted debate earned, in which t large number of Senators participated, ataj Senators, especially those whose proclivities are v t t Senator Douglas, were opposed to adopting any ret*tory of the case from his counsel, sentenced himef Lerdo the constitutional government hasA • strenuous effort is to be made for the re-erroneous reports, furnished either by re-whose confidence he possesses in a super-emi- given to the Astor Library its present increased nent degree. His old rival, Mr. Burton, who importance, which has created the Cooper In- was a bankrupt one day and a millionaire the stitute, and which is founding and making ad- next, has gone, and so Mr. Wallack remains the ditions to our city hospitals. Money spent in last of the veteran metropolitan managers. this way gives tenfold the satisfaction that mere He keeps the even tenor of his way, and does accumulation affords, and as an investment inhave a place Assigned them in the gElJeriee of the H»aw of Representatives, by a resolution which he offered, aad used every other effort in his power, as a represeatatirt of New York, to do honor to the gallant Seventh, fit acted as a New Yorker, an not as a committee man. Ii istrue thatthecommittee,assuch,didnotwaitupwtoo Colonel End ataiT, End I learn that the only recoraitoe the regiment received from the committee was a card sf the Senate chairman, forwarded in an envelop*, E»oat half an hour before the regiment departed frou WataiEg ton. They neither had an escort on their arrital or de-"'" «The advices from Mexico which we publish- wards we learc thai the cutter Daring is about licentious proposals end exposed him. He waa and the war goes bravely on. So far, the Che- carry 223 tone? If w , m ahe get this es*mted jesterdsr show that Hiramon is about to tw be defpatcbf d to her succor -to-morrow"— make another demonstration against Vera Cruz, that is to say, on the 24th. In the interval thekicked out of the church, and exiled himself to valier Bourcicault is a couple of lengths, in Wisconsin. Recently he had the effrontery to eluding a tail, ahead, and has rather the best of returnanddemandanothertrial,whichresult- it;buttheendisnotyet Weshallwatchthefrom the quarry and only pay for sixty a c - tons* • • • 9 Jorganization,hasnotbeenabletodomoretoelapsebeforeanyassistanceissenttoher.alongwiththeirfacts,endwegivethemwith-wealth,thechangesbroughtaboutbytime,whoMr.Cornellpurchasedfrom,whethegave,HtkJCkeunder. Fa*>flamp*notrttrit«i a*$ufi*erip'.kminthehopethatshouldbesucceedintakingit, unfortunatepeopleonboardthewreck—ifanyfuture movements of the rival diplomats of the coulisses with all the intense anxiety which such profound and deeply interesting conflictsWe would also like to know the nan* «f a . vessel that brought $1,059 worth of * M - T J | ^ rial for Wm. Cornell, whose warrant Uendorata by George Mouotjoy. It appears that 1 Street Commissioner has mot been abls to os- tein this information from the late Saptrfate. dent of Roads. Gan the District Attorney en-Vol nana XXVAxrftnnnsTs THIS EV»M*OA can rat or MUSIC, rwirtatmta ro*«A»r«- U rouotoTOMoaaowavcviso. AC4DSMT0#MCIIC-MOBU..Ho. MPEEthe rebellion, of which he is the military lead- er, will be able to triumph throughout the re- public.survived the first shock of the disaster—are left without any aid or means of saving their lives. When a ves#el is wrecked on any ofed in the same manner as the first The "handof fellowship" has bees withdrawn from theElder, but It will not be easy to wipe out thescandal which he has brought upon the Baptist naturally excite. Yot Victisl church and the religious world generally. WeWe do not see any reason why the capture of our coasts the government usually sends atVera Cruz should be looked upon, even by once a revenue cutter to her assistance, or ifGeneral Miramon, as a complete annihilation government Is not prompt enough, our mer-oftheconstitutionalgovernmentinMexico. chantschartersteamverseis,atlbeirownex- denceisunfitforpublication. Itahowsthe Inanothercolumnwillbefoundthewillof lightenon? Mr.Wm.Cornell'snameB not« Thusfartherebellion,instigatedandsupport- pense,tohastentotheaWofthesufferingship; grossestandmost,beastlytensualityonthe ourlaterespectedfellowcitizen,StephenWhit- thebooksoftheLimeCompany.Perhaps,afW ed by the clergy, although counting upon the yet here is a British vessel wrecked on s Bri- part of the reverend scamp. ney. The testator was one of the old Knicker- the searching inreeUgation made in this taatter ajsistance of all the remnanta of the old army tish coast, and three or four days are allowed Such occurrences carry their own moral bocker order of minds, who, despite their by the District Attorney, the public can leanThere is a great deal of amusement, a fine friends and neighbors depart from around him which Captain Blair was paid 91,066, or tttone by one, but he still could not prevail upon per cargo. Captain Dayton, of the Ann Maria, fieldforthestudent of human nature,endan saysbewasnetpaid or chartered bySamttiChiapas and Oajaca recognise the constitution elopements and crlm. con. cases, which, If they enlarged opportunity for the philosophical in himself to quit a spot which was endearedKIBXO'S iALOOB. B*^WEy.-Os». <*•»»£» *"*- were reprinted in the HERALD, would fill a very quiJ t r, in the reodut operations of the persons to him by so many pleasant recollections. Blair for the material he conveyed, and thatn n v . l f W MTM>TBBLS> UrtbAuie*' Hall. 471 Bro»d-w?*lBw«"M?8oi«ETl>AJio«E, EC.-*UI raoa JACS surrection. YucatanandtheisthmusStatedof brings uselaborateaccountsofdivorcesuits,t r u u i« 8o»o», JAJICIE, BU»LBE».I;ES. Ac—TEE a c w r . arjd the rule of PresidentJuarez. The entire lineBlIfTB STaXBT, one door ctot of BroodwE/.-SotOMOB-'E of States on the Pacific, from Guerrero to Sonora, large amount of our available space. We who manage the wires of the political worldVulgar people wondered that so wealthy a man should not follow the tide of fashion, andMr. John Nesbit paid him personally $50 per cargo. He did not know Samuel Blair in the transaction. Nesbit causes Blair to be pti, $82 per cargo; he certifies that Blair tarnished the material, and then out of his own pocket pays Captain Dayton in money $50 for eachTtEfLSMow Tarsa, Saadar, Febrwaur ««, M«0.TIE* .Vew«.We publish in another column all the informationdo so also, and keep on foot at their, own charge have transferred, occasionally, some of the Eog and direct the affairs of the government fromforces to resist the occasional incursions of the lish reports to our columns, upon the lex tal'o- behind the curtain. From time to time we build himself a fine mansion uptown. ThoseTestamentary Depositionsdo not give the details of the trial. The evi- aires—The Will of Stephen Whitney.come so common that it would be as Well forThe present occasion is thefirstin which hehas been truly the ruling spirit of the several was occupied almost exclusively with cases of families of York and Lancaster. Early last There are Borne, however, who no doubt count upwards of thirty Senators being present BeaaMrThe Mayor, Comptroller and City Inspector, hav- governments in which he has borne a part. this sort. He understood that there were now summer, two well known theatrical chevaliers, upoi their squaring accounts with Satan by Green, of Missouri, reported from the specnl comanttn *upwards of six hundred cases waiting to be tried in the Divorce Court On a division the tive job had been awarded by the official triumvi- Lerdo law, issued by President Comonfort, for motion of Lord John Manners was lost by arate, will commence to-morrow morning the re- the registration of the property of the church, large majority. moving of ashes and garbage, together with theMessrs. Bourcicault and Stuart, conceived the the charitable legacies which they have insert- series of resolutions, seven in number, embodyiBg ta* idea of building a theatre on Union square. ed in their wills. Far better would it be for principles of those introduced into the Senate by Seatlering agreed to have the work of street cleaning done His ideas have been, from time to time, par-sweeping by machines. He is to be remunerated and the Juarez decree of the 13th of June last, As a pendant to this debate in Parliament, They opened their campaign with a grand and blessings that would smooth their way to tions whatever, as they might be consilered at tnat the rate of $300,000 per annum, payable by the for the nationalization of the possessions ofwe have an account of a prayer meeting of flourish of trumpets; but whether inflated by a Paradise, by obliterating the record of pastplatform for the democratic party. It was distuxtt* avowed b y the friends of the resolutions that their only object was to harmonise tht oosflictaf views contained in the four or five s e n of resoluttff now under consideration In the Senate. They wen finally adopted by a large majority, and were placed S the hands of Senator Davis, who will report them to n* Senate on Monday. Mr. Douglas was present, aad parti- cipated in the accession. He is understood to hare as- sented from the views contained in ta* resolution*week. the monasteries, brotherhoods and other eccle- abandoned women. Some two hundred and little brief success, or affected with that want of offences. If, for example, a man of this kind In the Court of Oyer and Terminer yesterday, siastical corporations. But the great object in fifty of the street women assembled, and lis-Judge Ingraham denied the motion for a new trial view in each of these adoptions of his policy tened with attention to an affecting address confidence in each other which clever people would take the hopelessly filthy condition of in the case of young Lane, convicted of fraud on has been defeated by loading it with other from the Hon. and Rev. Baptist Noel, one of are frequently troubled with, they could our streets into consideration, and invest a sumthe Pulton Bank, and, after a statement of the his- and impracticable measures. By the accessionthe most eloquent of English pulpit orators.not get on together. Jealousies and rival- the annual interest of which would be sufficientries sprang up, and the chevaliers separated. to keep them in proper condition, he wouldto three years and three months imprisonment with now begun the true and practical organiza- demption of the public women who wish to The Chevalier Bourcicault went to Laura erect a lasting monument for himself in thehard labor in the State prison. The maximum pun- tion of the republic, in a manner that will in- lead better lives. There is need of such a Keene's theatre, and the Chevalier Stuart cul- hearts of the present and future generation!.ishmenttorforgeryinthethirddegreelafiveyears,stilanewspiritandgreatervigorintoitspar- and the minimum two yean. It is not yet decidedtivatedhisGardenbyhimself,hoeinghisownThememoryofsuchamanwouldberevered IBSKXPVBUCA5CUCCT3.movement, for, of all the great cities, London row according to the best of his light The and honored more than that of any other civic is the worst as regards this social evil. Chevalier Stuart is a clever man; he has a benefactor, and we cannot but think that thisSo much for Great Britain. Coming nearer wonderful knowledge of the stage, and an good work would constitute a sure passport for Mortimer Shay, convicted of the murder of rary reverses, nor is his a rash and sterile to our own doors, we have another case of cle- easy, pliable way of accommodating himself to him to Heaven, were it merely for putting a stopJohn Leary in October last, on the Five Points, was mind that risks all upon a single issue, or hangs rical immorality somewhat similar to that ofsentenced yesterday in the Court of Oyer and Ter- every hope on a single resource. The coming Bishop Onderdonk. The particulars are con- ciroumstances, whatever they may be. He to the curses daily lavished upon the CommonThe republicans ctnjussed to-day on a printer, as at- tempt was made by some of the PennsylvaniE dekfEt* to adhere to Mr. Defrees, but the proposition fe'J deal, aad was not acted upon. Mr. Ball's record in the Thirty- fourth Congress, wherein he used his anurtt to de- feat Mr. Banks, was shown up, and his coarse in thai contest was severely commeited upon. Mr. Mitchell was before the caucus, and was favorably cotnmeot^l upon. Thomas H. Ford es Lieutenant Governor of (*M)'W**The case of Denver, charged with murder on the time in his attempt, It will be a most serious of Licentiousness, Imprudence and Bad Ex. breds, who ought to win and earn so much mo- the late Superintendent of Roads, Mr. John supported the nomination in • **»i *****" * » • to v ^ L £ £ C ? * * • * * awwiUiw. "Ported disaster for him, ample, before an Ecclesiastical Council, held ney for theff proprietor. The Chevalier Bourci- Nesbit, and the subject of limestone chips, a personal explanations were then made when Mrwhether hit case will be taken to the general term pr nottisans everywhere. Betide what may, Senor Lerdo is not a man to be cast down by tempo-miner to be hanged on the 20th of April next, be- contest before the walla of Vera Cruz cannot tween the hours of 9 and 12 o'clock, A. If. The Court be a decisive one against the constitutionaladjourned forth, t n a .manages his theatre as some of the leading turfmen in England conduct the races, andCouncil.HTSSl ^ ** •«— * * of cotton TMtwH..«-r"» Ji-atuajr embraced about 1 000SteaTsedWeMera^rT—"•",i sad in good THisal i, wan more dotef, iaeludtogon the 17th, 18th, 19th and20tir days of Jaiu- cault, on the other hand, works in the ranks; material used for road covering. We learn Spinner, of New York, oftred a " ^ " * r j THB WBKCK Of TBI HCXGARIAN—EXTIUORDl- ary, I860.* Sandy Hill"will be remembered like Napoleon, when hefindsa sentry asleep that this subject was brought before the late member should be allowed to vote for wbots» he phsssaain his box, he takes his musket and instructs on the first ballot en Mo>d»r • • * * * ZZTZl Grand Jury, and that all the witnesses were nottained in a pamphlet entitled "Tne Trial offlieTimeshouse in the Bowling Green, in which the bestmade one speech too many, and was exiled It is so seldom, besides, that charitable be-which the heap of material brought by tht Glide and the Henrietta Jane increased in am on the wharf during the night The infereios is that the fifty tons which the Mary Wallmf loaded at the quarry grew to ninety-nine ternduring the night after it had been unloaded.In all these points, it strikes us thatthe Grand Jury could find material enough to bate an indictment upon if the facts were substaa- tinted by reliable testimony. At all events, we hope the matter will not be given up, bat that the new Grand Jury will endeavor to a»-tisfy themselves as to whether there are net sufficient grounds for an indictment in the cast, in order that the city may be protected hi degree from the gross frauds of its officials.HEWS FEOMWASHQH3T0I.The Kceeptton of tne newemtn Rcglm«ai- Tht RepublicanCaucus OarPr1nletafthe House—Democratlc Senatorial Can- ens e n tne Slavery (tneatlon—Mews from Mexico, 4fe., dee.OUR SPECIAL WASHINGTON DESPATCH. WISHIVOTOS, Feb. 25. IMSOKI 0OTHEA.M AST) THE RKCKPTIOH OT TBI 8STUTH BSQUtn. It n due to Mr. John Cochrane, of New York, that tatWhen men placed in the position of Mr. Whitney feel Within their breasts the prompt- It must cot be imagined, however, because ings of a benevolent disposition, the good the Opera managers have monopolized the which they are inclined to do had better be larger share of public attention, that the direc- done during their lifetime. In attempting totors of the other theatres have not their littleaffairs of an equally amusing character as thoseof the nabobs of Irving place. The history to be frustrated. Uevween executors and law-and reverses, of the theatres in New York du- way into the wrong pocket Far better is itThis scheme was subsequently abandoned, and them if they did not postpone the day of reck, they concentrated their forces at the Winter Gar- oning. There are many philanthropic works den, in Broadway, over against Laura Keene's. which would win for them a store of prayersT o ALLEGED FTUCD rx THB STREET DEPAHT- government,whileshouldMiramonfailasecond tistChurch at SandyHill, N. Y., on charges looks upon his troupe as somanythorough- hEyr—MB.NBSBIT'S CASE.—We again refer to put in nomination by Gorernor Oorwia. The UtterRev. Revilo F . Parshall, late Pastor of the Bap-KABY DELAY or RENDKRESO ASSISTANCE.—The as the residence of a distinguished politicion,"**• Britishsteamship Hungarian went ashoreon whocomplainedbitterlyofthelack of"stated himinhisduty. Helathoroughly acquainted called,andnoindictmentwasfound. Thereis be consideredtht candidateon the second balk*,XMSunday night last off Cape Ledge, end became preaching." If he had lived in Elder Par- with every detail of the stage, and is a new Grand Jury empannelled, and we ur- resolution was adopted, which creates qdte a conpsra total wreck-her whole crew and passengers •uall's day he would have had enough of a author, actor, carpenter, scene painter, and gently call their Attention to some of the prin- lion among candidates. Tbere is s prospect sow u »everything rolled into one man. This cipalfactsinthisextraordinarycase. Bythe tomebodywillbeelectedonMonday,andhisnamee- gives his pieces a degree of completeness better be told after the election thaa now.annual report of the Street Commissioner we There were only fifty republicans present **"»»" at 80c ESic. for Jersey tad had three hundred and sixty souls on board, erful preacher, eccentric and original in his which almost invariably insures their success. see that the Ann Amelia delivered fourteen Among these who were .bsent WES Speaker TM***~-t at 81c a 99a. tor Soother* waste.' ^45hJ^anIpnewB only gives her seventy- style, and possessed a "superabundance of as- Since the Chevalier Bourcicault parted com- cargoes of limestone chips. The number of Maay members kept atray from the caucus to a v e J l M jganaadCanadianwhite,iastoro,atsiis,b«ing lost It appearsfromtheclearance TheElderwasasensationparsonoftheKal- 91», aad red Southern « 86. Rye was firm at 8Ta E P»P*rs, which have been picked up, that she loch school. He was very mduatrioua, a pow-a t t l » a t l 21, Milwaukee dub at II a , «to» IOWEE*Porkwasfirm,aadtolerablyactive,withsalesofnew 0mess at 918 #0 1818 40, aad of new prime at 914 87*, woe t ^ J V " *at 9*999. 999*. Hewdonbtfl»t the dear-surance."Heboastedthatintwoyearstimehe panywiththeChevalierStuart,thelatterhas tonsshebrought,asshownbythebooksofthe boundbyit.action. Whentheresolutionwasoffend*not been making his "eternal fortune," as the favor of adhering to Defrees, Mr.Adams, of MatsacM Lime Company, from which the material was setts, who was in the caucus, retired, decto.ng U>barsrejoicing converts to the Gospel of the Greet the shore. We reft* t T n T ' . *** ° Redeemer.'' While the church was getting onYankees aay; and Laura Keene's, which made procured, ia 940. The number of tons for his position esmpromiaed by aay such proposu** norscnox or Aaxarcax vrnamt* a aanoif In consideration M > J ? J** eircumatanoethrough the influence of Bourcicault and hisbetter-half, come up wonderfully. The piece, sel whose registered tonage is fifty gross or States marines have been naded, not oal; at » f * *ef 9J99 bam • * 19*0.,aad 999 de.onp.t.Freight quatemeasures•9999tohavebee.towTT.theElderpaidtoomuchattentiontothelambsmaking 223 tons carried at each load by a ves- fiftysixnettons.Itiamaintainedbytheattacked,andfortheexpresspurposeofworkis*UweMite.,W****&» of the m«t that no ade- in this glorious way, there were rumors that Untitled Documentof his flock, and en investigation was had. ItThomas M. Tryniski 309 South 4th Street Fulton New York 13069"Jennie Deans," which the Chevalier Bourci- cault arranged for Laura Keene's, has reached its forty-second consecutive performance, andand Minautlaa. but E'.sost AlTBrsJo, the first p*** * *» late Superintendent of Roads that the ttlfcry recently tent Cownfrom theCaaUeof&•» 1**had "led up out of the crystal waters of theHudson three hundred end sixteen hopeful mi a rather bad beginning of the season, has, which Mr. Nesbit certified vouchers is 3,124—estimated from the provisions of his will. It is said, however, to amount to from ten to fifteen millions of dollars. He has divided the whole of this vast estate among his family, not a cent being left to charitable or literary institutions. We do not feel that we have a right to quarrel with such a disposition of a man's property. SoIn regard to the Mary Walling, register*! forty-seven net tons, charged by the company fifty net tons, Nesbit certified vouchers eighty- one net tons per cargo. This vessel was seat for a test cargo, which weighed out ninety-aias net tons.nay their way into heaven by post-obit ar-ring the past twenty years, would make a most for them to give largely during their lives, and mistakes of the Tribune d! to-day, BOfir as that gtatkausalvation stock it is infinitely more acceptable and certain.e fMillion-The Ann Maria, Captain Blair, according to years of his life were spent He saw hie Nesblt's Touchers, brought thirteen loads, forparture. DtnOCRATIC.The New Orleans /Vxspwae of Sunday says that I a»» u www.fultonhistory.comamount of material charged to the city was It is ctated that Miramon reached lb* National Br.if««* 