POSITION OV BfAKTl^AND.y<io-I^ jlimtf.Even in Charleston bis temporhing mesaage waa y|»npgotbe NocttMilWTs covasaiAri fa^ .the quietTke Aetira af Mairlud M be Deeldedkfcamel-bird, < Fly I' It• I cannot—I am a cam-,tlouaooawid oS^l!2L^"i"»'*?*!!*'areitscitizen*warmlywtdchprecludes the neoeaalty ofquality,mentowOlktbemachines. Both,howarer,seenper- tion—madebythenislatlff—tohavetbecausagatansaand canvaa-backs terrapins,laitfMdraMKapaattHgreatwarkwHbawill,and timent, it should be directed by the utmost pru- to be treated even as the Northern FreesoUers. What ies7, Ithasbesatha fashion latterly to apeak Ughttr' cations and will bless her to the latestwiilforms a large sack, the mouth of whlcktherefore, be Gjv. Bsowa inurestlng to inquire-Taiment,is held by Yirginia, with the respective counties of Novtliamplon and Princesa-Anne on the one aide asd tlie otlisT. Her great work of internal im-byempower the tvovernor to "seize such amount of the mouty or properly of mich oiTenulag and f dthlessofsending a Bishop with mar miasloB Is aa admirablecosting soma $30,000,000,. passes tluoogh tho same Stat^ Her ctiief trade istlutnigh that State with North-Carolina, Tannea- aee, Kentucky, and the West. In no part of tin;lay-groud Mat ha raluMe eau3te5u« mprovement,The French have a strong desire to enter before us.countrytadied toataBd hoir, ill tliejyland wUl.l>B ccBUrolled by that of Tirgioia. To- waide liet ooiof ^StA South toNorfolk,effect of tbe excessivestrtngeacyspeciein the American to is rehef from"ringingtbeWeekeidingtbe 8th iut.Slate," and it Kould rest with the Governor to restoretliem to such protection when their reapeetiva Govern- moneyments should have met the views of the Southern this country. Saturday's steamer from Liverpool for Hal. ourgive|(he';jou" propusalth« penal code aad ail other lawsof thistruer,theof the Daioa.Cicu.aekiuiwleognent,tr elltier aammtipgreney.ished of lever. Tbejecu, partly because of our rellgionjbat chleA* ••-theCaleate of tbabatcan under- readilyalpoilous is reoonled Uian the of Got.specie A neat blowany havingourtTnionpresent crisis,look with anxioua and ez- If that State declares for diaaolu- a Southern so likewise willINTEAESTINa FROM EUROPE. ARRXVAIi OF THS ETNA.so fas asrepealed," regaida saySlate whleh refuses*'>*• v" l«e»ont Portuguese slave rule is mild, ba- JSJif *^?.if*|.' "? "* «*^*' ** "» ladepeadenta necessary wttaeas, but waa now in Hara~a»a. l«at«;e*. 1propertysklerablyanaIs absortMd as a medium largelysystem wereesUbdshed slave-bunting would go on till the oountrrpeopleto me owner's recognisetu his slave withinUlhes. UthtFrenchsUvewas theIslandofCoba.Coofederacy,Ibtylmd. Ho argument advocating a contraryyoBejwooldherebeheeded. Otherwise,theysaywritingbis ccuiisel.s Kill never be The people ofurdlnarlly by exoliaage. Thu being the position of analrs a^ between taeBiHIbwihi must her as the yield positionand the " Sraovee by which ahe hoUs coramnnicatlon with 4hi»0hic^mvst be cut oil; and her trade limitdd toOfer Tw* HittloHi ofbeing the piinclpai offenders, would at once be de- protectionpusldondrawing posed. preparatloiis_to link our fate with that of On Virginia.out theusof the Slave and a our debts in hard cash. At these i»erlods no traderMy brother, Caxs. LrvmasTOHi, will take of Hegatty,charge of trade lor a time. wkD,ttteaUeBad,eadon«l themitaaadI delivered It to the plalntiS', The answer sets aacloeelyth« Blarery question, many entertain the beliefFugitive law,is to be established in order todUcover what amoimt of Northern goods Is sold year-ly In the Stale. If these remedies fall, the Governornunciationtf.Look at the affair at Harper's Ferry. Mr..Irish Parliament, were the followingible testimonials to histills College, and also certificates of the usefulness ef Ihe iiisUtudoc.—Ed. Tihxb.]—ExpiANATOKT. Gio. W. Pic4, Esq., editor oftke Aubuin Advertiatr, and meintier of the Republican Arelyand financial convulsion bi America, of which weforfoodandguidancelaw, if it is not now tooThelateDr.Pniun, Cape,TcBKKi:, cne of the victims of that maii outrage,was, in this State and his own, widely mption, and the comp«lle<l poverty of ourluBke ( ayroeDt,<. to this country. If, however, tho raife collect.known and beloved. His father was the iatimatafriend and companion of WASUiKeTON, the partak- Irishrange.!2d. Because we believe that a native tte tanks pobsil.ly will be di-'ixjMfd to order somtiBefore brought by Georgeer of his confidence and councils, 'lie is murdered without chuse, ruthlessly and barbarously, yet we, ]u8 friends, neighbors, and acquainrances,'read inGoreriiiiient would prOmote hafmouy and gooi willany very important il.fli.ei.te on oui inarlNet, whilo the effect of tne arri- valm New-Yoikof x;tiJO,0u(j or i:3UU,DU0 from tills &i<!e, coupled wi'.h the steady receip's froai Califor-bonds whoRoTuscbiU) for the interest due ou tiieir ouupons. re-State CoBimittee, makes the fallowing axplaiMion ofthe United States to prevent the coliecilon otuieirbond as such sureties, was caiied this givendanger ?qutnee ol annexations and existing acts, this interestdencedthe — by repealof her navigation laws. AndFor Homicide—Moiumer Shay, Friedi.ch SchachUJoan McGuire,4.000 do-....ijnglandfeelsrepresentativeside In his collection, which was worth nothing sixtyIt has transpired that one of the oldest anl mist41 Mecharic's Bank. M do56 Wetnipolitaa Bank8 Bask of tht llep...iM 10 PanamaThe pennant at Iha-mast-head is a nar- —the would countrycent, had not reach-bad been made ofbeginning a great work23,.01I0O doSS 8'p-^ fJitthroughoutwhat is right, public approbationfollow them, and the Union would be but madness and imbecility rule the hour.poii-jcai than a serious State but it would style8hi the New-York Stock mar-t jrLandavray,•trol his Executivetliey vrcro sworn tothat his oilicialfoccii?u:emU a ''-y of hi:mili?ti''n andthe laws Instead of seeing oath was kept inviolate, he nowopinions, betraying support.wguirentthat he devotes to lis Ulu.'rtratlon.Gov,was dlicharged, three were remanded,against Mm, four were Imprisoned, and oneTussBAT,are jealous ofdestroyed,has been announced of Mr. A. I^ibam.and atout :inil gave cheers fir the Bnperor and Einpre&s.our pubUc men potiuon.that a-the interior of thisCare only foUowpa-ho cont. nu except by something UXe an ab-England rats of discount to ed New-York.peram and ext.'-emely gladwin to the falih of Christ the heathen of Africa The bii^faop's letter was found among some fragme..t9 of a lost mail-bag, which floated some seven mlies west of lie rpot where they were launched, and 1 p-esiiroe toIbtrik that a letter from on a lu your l.K>rdchip subjectwblch ycu take such a .-peel,! Interest may no amongtbe w hIch have pcrtsned. things„--i--i;- C. R.would,the end, -6,000.>;"? «i 2,ia preservedof ll»thankful toThn,«a«..-••- 3oineh.8.*NJ.0.8pjayer.Hg<,KS'i,t!-oory;ie.ttjSMTl,.; ..lieci w:;l !•.; loUntitled Documenttht oullil'teii.i*.i ai-iig'it Qf fei'.iK;fellregardedwithsconiandoontampt. "IaaUtotheeuboofthemaidihelrarogA*fiMver.'To1 $s3y:'s?:^,'«jy-"jpe^sah^lk«i af TiraiBlBr-TeadcBclcs •f P»"'e el !' I said ta it, 'Carry!' It said, ' I cannot—I liig them back agato is as great au invasion of itouta- note ctrcnlaOM en|t,iScBdment.Corrrtpondcnce of the NnhYork Timtt,am a bird 1' " Humiliation and are becom- em rights as it the Charleston and Savannah auihorl-prayer t'es Hereto seize a Yankee uader's stock of NewUCitf Artielef Dee.latbera were larga slave-traders, our fortunes have tbe sull very unsettled oooditioo of Saaadal affi both. But the recommendation of the been increased by selling negroes to tbe Aiaerlcan America, in the market for BiltMiRallwtying to men and nations at all times. There are goods. Itbas.ifcourM', (scaped the »e«lous Uovernor thatFrom Me LoiufmAfter rising H. per oent., ooosoU olosedfour*? y*g"»"r on thTcSeiS?^— ormore aW trust,mustsoonbetoopopulartobewithstoodevery catcnlng negro; but they are to be murdered with 1 npuatty'. In tiie iilstory ol tbe French Couvention, nothiiigmoreapoa a •. Conit forWbfaTsSthat aa • matter of Stateif it did not exist among ua. But it does exist, and .'With it the utmost sensitiveness to foreign inter- belCBging—the sons of chiefs bottt It was not in eztstence whennewal of one made betweenpolicyit would be wellof tae eltafreet,rument are mateiially Impaired, and, in tae next plaie, be may find himself responsiole for other peo-tke same paittoi.the action of Ua-cause we suppress the BUve-trade.property tbe American the whole Md-market French to c. mo aad establUh their authority over theiaiad aajaaiiiil ui^ fcymetropolisAPartr'Baaal kyMattMsMiiMi. ooaoiov.PLXAS—•ganAL mm. B«>i>ra JasUonDalj.BnSTaadBOHa.pieseiVatloBorother fern «f been struck atPortuguese hate us and our ob-SpecialHill the waters of the Effect of the Ameriean Atrltation Alterapd Cumberlamd, this,New-York, accordingly, took £108,Ma io gold, aad engineer, to superlntond a second for the trade more Is expected to follow. There are several con- lakes- This we shall build wbetber we get one fromPcfervs. Joh»Lymck Kttuuif amd PtntkHop-pdeChoptauk and Wicomico.Identity of institutions, the joint owner^p of fhe Potomac and other interests, serve still moreeven tbe mad scheme oftbe GoveiLmentor not. It is to be of Aofortir.—This is aa made capableThertcommeuils not to thatI was with SEcusxa. 1am to the Makolo eoing upand Ifaat it was seemed aad o«t of vi evaatnallyaaldin Eairland.by dlscnmiaatlngas already menUoned, at periods ofpiaie, uneeilalutyand alarm, our elaborate ot later- machinery paperbeing luisciewed and carried past the cataracts. Itof Venetla Pnfouaded. screw-steamship Etrut, Capt Kkhnkdy,principles ofwishes to put his nsme to a single bit of paperrejoice that Miss Conns his come nobly forward that the note iato theNew-York and rUlaJelsecession, seeming recognizebib former proposals Involve not only sece^on, butto return my native mends home.avails of property ttamKerred from Hogarty to fsmisous notes of Kennedy were liiiiliias notas i that thaLiverpool,war. Soch are the under which auspicesliabilities. Then houses In thisple's again, couatrycountryAffectionately yenrs,Lynch, the plaiattffia brother, as who,the Sauth*feivnoe, and the late Presidential vote shows how pbia Steamship Company, wUch sailed from Liver- em Suites are asked to uestroy the Union, which has seeing the siorm in Ametica. may think it veryfew are who would a ad- pool at 1 1.30 on tbe morning of the Sth, and Queeaj- lasted eighty years, and given them a place among friendly to assist their American conoexloos with re'-aUewed, aAsr pay meat, transferred the note to plalntif' to be re-support policy'*e(7 theyverse to it ; admituog,that the supporters of Mr. Lincoln were all honor-able men, and in no degree influenced by those se-ductive edibles, provaibially and scriptur- by tbe EtHa:tbe first natlous of the earth. Tlia world will judge mltiances In the peculiarly acceptable form of goli.as it is meet weThe argument has been used that, as houses wnlchate er^Bged In exchange transactions will reckon Ithazardous to send out gold unless the exchange failsso much further as to promise a considerably inoreaaedmargin of profit, we need not fear that any remittan- to an Isslituifon of learning, kimwn by the nana of and Hearty indorMd it. It ItBtksr aapars thatThat the agriculture of this State is best pro- JobuCDsle—1,111 3,000|T. Uantaam—D. & D.. 1,00*ing shipped, and that It Is sent not as an ezcbaage op- made commendableWelli, Fargo ft Camoted by slave labor, the tobacco interest large a. DeCoriuvaJtCo.. 2,«a)|....W.uO*ahouU,fur itself K at e the chances of abat federation In whichnote In suit was aa acoommodattoa nolBbathsof Kennedy. It aapeara ftam tbe arideaea that Jaa. Lynch went with Hogarty to the nlaiatira (tore (a have the note discounted; that the note arts nradacaJ.Eliminated from its Press and pulpits cause nhere it was found sbe had suffered noapparent dam-export houses would have been followed by you have money, n it to sell ; and the greater the pan- them, through your1.paper.favor of tbe plaintiff by tte Court.servile fasurrections ; butarethey deeplymonths of thetkm for services in promoting the formation of the Nen-Vork bsitks agreed to hold a meeting at with last year, an mcrease of £5,100,000 sterling inwhere tbe poor as well as the rich can obtain a liberal —estedthis ; propertythey feel that* thethe ofpowers, during the process q( developing the mentaL 2. Tills is being done In the and we ask as-memergencymajoritylocated In aIs one of the best healthy place. safe-and serious and dis- reprobationthat of the Western and these ic the greater the chance of picking up bargains. NorWeare a fbr building up College— Defendant appealedwas nowJohn E.Bunlll forFraBlaaary Nataa CaaaHeratlaai sunsioB ootrai. ,justly, generalgust The States alluded to do not apprehend anyage beyond tbe fouling of her screw.produce dealers,in turn would have brought down all the West-Hte massesrelations between the master and the slave areaeriously affected by it and impaired, and theyGalway Une, was again before the public In tho Courtis and abuit £13,bUO,0a0,and a decrease of £3,560,000 in the exports of specie. Tbe balaiwe would appear to be stUl largely la favor of America.inter-kindlyseeks to raoover from Mr. Livia cumpeasa-plaintiff vhitcet. in thisof thewhichpresent year, show,comparedto»n on the Ctli last., arrived yesterday morning. Her advices have been partly anticipated by theBohemian oS Caoe Race.ThefoUowlng amount of specie has been brought'To the SdilT of the IfewYork Tiimj :¥hat the climate is to the no steamer Atlantic, which left Southampton on tbe Sth, tliese institutions adapted negro,becomesptele lemittanee strengthened the position and coa- Rocky Mountains.note. Plslntlfi'thea told him that be hell a note of his with Hoggarly's cndanement upon it, wUeh waa thea past due. Defcadant then loU pialutlC 'Voaretrooger illustratiotf need be cited than the num-addition,the Btnutia tookIt has, however, beenperplexedwith the financialis, beyond question, in the ascendantand what- New-York exporters were In this position;;I.loO.Brown, Bros. A C»panicclimax,and that a reaction haderation. Wehaveseenreferencemadetotheexperi-prafidencydeveloping ttisIst. Because we believe thecreeds and class, the system of petty brinery and ujr-people, bycalcuiateu to degrade, deuioradze, and destroy ^tne people.ot mterest, wmt b hsd justwtutrh maintaijis her rule in tins couutrv. are Englandbetween er month. >liouiu be u;i:iijtal(i€dat aand 21 porcreeds ana classes of Irishmen,Irish inausUy, and in a short time fill tfie land wiiu genuine prosperity.case the atiair is notlikelyt«i have aof tile Komanapplied on l>eo. 1 to )1M.amorg*blleii':ourageofple of the Siate, ^athich was referred to by our Al-and day morning.CommlHee, Uf'On win, b they were nearly equally divided, was as to whether an Address to the Republlcaos upon the T«^ult ol a National contest should come from the Republican State Committee, or the Republican Ha-iionul Committee. It was several mem'wrs urged bymorunc, of tbe absence of one of tbe com*States-AttorneyitsBBO*N'a execution, and how, in compliaace withan insane and perverted public opinion, the Courtbasely complies. Mr. Andekw, of Massachusetts, lowed the issue of a to his new seclh ns of the will be sources VrcsarJudge Daalaiaaa.out of respect to the anniversary of5th or the 6.h inst.;for the L'nited Steles.proceedingsa wofdy demagogue, the self- vaunted advocate ofand is elected Governor of the State opinions, byan overwhelming majority. Men ask, can these things be, and yet convey no warning of stoim andsiege guns placeU tars.In tfiebatteries,Inciudirig60 mor-is tM licved not to have g-ectiy exceeded half a m-llioiihave tieen remitted, of the day on which paymaut ofthe coupons will be possible."M M Miaxs k Co., naturally anxious for the credit"m SCPBDIE COCBTfree " at all times, ia time or out speech,Pnkney vs. tlee et al.—Motion dehledandpresides at a meeting brought together by similar will establish instituilona for promoting publicofcorcord,promisesthat an Address sl.ould assume if it was deemed ad-time,"toat hemorality," and will respect the privileges of tae Sicilian Church.The ofDcial journal of Vicima repeats the recent declaration of a semi-official newspaper that there la no fotmdation for the rumors respecting negotia-them to union and "There are now of 'l&^ upwardsthe S< urh, wt.l hhas cansod ail coiifusl-m, thepre.sentformed, as toon as the whole of Uie nece^-miy lundsromplaiiiantsViciox Ehascxl's arrival in Palermo has been fol-of tlie Koman :by proclamationSicilian subjects. In this proclamation he exhortscountry lot'^iogfiTneivol exi l:emeii!, and eager to get rla of the pr sent dilfi- rulty by any dexterous compromise that may beScTHXRLAKD,J.; and bu.^lnessiucoimectloDWith America hasnaiuraUy row slip of bunting, it shows, however, which tloDS for the sale of Veuetia, and adds that ' of been chicked by the disquieting character of the ad-sum. M. Soiaawas unrivaled In the diligence withwhichhecollectedthofugitiveliteratureofthe French Kevotutlonj and many a pamphlet or broad- don.CALIKDAB.1 (to L. C.& M. L.G.B 14W. 1st M 38 Hlarge-for forbficatit'UF at Dover, and anotherof up-wards uf^JClOO.liOO en tho North lercl sewer in Lon-At I'll blen and at Manchester ttieHer *ii,j,^>ty was the more slguilicaui as Hermas not ex^'ected. lu tlie great manufacturing of4 00«(. *N.i1,rro(s»cC.«*HN.Ww.2daM«I do...:the latter course be thd result bo pursued, willauthorityto act asagentofwho wereto be present for business at that time.this guarantee is, hampton buyinets In tbe hardware trades has ded ied- moreover, superfluous, since the reveuues of the lines lobte ship has gone down on coral-reef and bieak- land." ly fallen off. The iron trade remains heavy, and will be more than sufficient to pay the interest of toeIvayb'ows,disregardingit,manycourse there can be no question of selling a crown-the windand;3r. Eely upon it, this is theStates. In a situation to comrol the current of menacing lor the Austrian Government, and It is saidCOaMOB FLKAS—ivents, and with, I think, a cordial disposition tolestote harmony and union, their irUlU' nee in this jehalf can only be secured by the prompt and de- cided rebuke of abolitionism by the Nortneru peo- ple themselves.The madness into whiclt»the Keitts, the Tan- ceys, the WigfaUs, and men of that complexionthat in several districts no taxes are paid, the num- bers who refuse to pay being so great tnat tfie autnorl- lies cannot imprison them, while their property would find no purchasers if it were seized.The ToK-Ljisaiiof the Ift says: "The Iron.platedfrigate La Gloire, which has been out with the Algiyi-mauu'ac'uring Interest, however, continues to display great activj y, and generally throughout tte Xtngdoiiiive7. Kk8.ll!«il, IWe, 1588. 331. 7S8. 839, I8WI, l»6ti. Ml, 4M. IWI. 1224, 1012, lbl2M,18784l3S3, 203, 1812, 74, 130, 13M. 1313, I53».plalntM t* per week allmoay daring pendancy tion, and (35 counsel fee.of ac-feelingBPBCIAI. TBBII.HriTOK, J.—Jaekson vs. 7»*»<m,—Defendant to paywouldal here. The threat of a Cotton and Negro Confede- one of our fastest vessels. It was also asceitaluedbJ'J, 672, 144, 142.SowhipXacy, strengthenedthe advantage of the Atgisiras, which Is, however,jot;rne7 underaken witti the sole view ol days later advlc'S, havinz made the pass-ige it the Improving tier health, becomes, despite ail ihe pre-eral Govenimentalliances withIll this Court, yesterday, the were partiestheir constituents, gains slight approv-in rouise of ttansmi^ion.lIcSSll.(»011,(00 HisMuri Slate «• «« *" doinitsresistaifbeagainsttheFed-the ali weathers at sea."—fjrshoit period ol 6ddays. Uer gold is said to be £1^,1100 at least.Tbe last prices from Paris show a decline of^,)i'.«S» do e,[jM doM 2.10(1M.C.sper U.S. F.C. B»sUS30 73 -c 7tK ..C 74'J ...74ia re" carded as it should be. The reliance, a£fected or leal, which Southern statesmen, place on Eng- ISrOd's jealousy of this country, of its trade and commerce, and the alleged gratification it wouldbyEngland,ready for lilsl In no cases that were called. The only busi- ness transacted was in the case of James Drake, la>^!:'5?«ri2Kf.lXIO Erie Jl.2,0(0 lir.««.Bd«..'^.five he» to teo this Govetumenlftlae and delusive. That she is not themarineenterpriseof this coamry is evi-R..two. lour, iix and eight boilers, the Otoirt had mucfi1,SM ViigiaiaState «• 75thatthefiigatcpossesse* iadngnecessary quaUUcscautious Ol her Majesty to ptoserve hcri.-ica^/u^u, a leal uvhtiou.73)i«The Agltatlan la the raited States.TBI 8<>IITB>!BB ECHim Or BITaLIAIIOM. From tkt London Ttmti, Dec. 4.Si'otland,recognized, t'le«dieted lor simple assault and battery. The prisoner f!Sillod.Bir.3dUB.tl W) do s4»HAtthegreatbooksalewhichisgoingonatParis a complete copy of Maaai's Ami iu Ptvpte brought awithdrawn fromb.i.jks orvisit to her cousin, the Priucess Mvar, at llamdton Castle.The Court then to this adjournedW doM. 1(0 Badsen River»"<aherself—that ia the hour of trial her best years ago, is now eagerly soogbt for by the curious. respectable houses in the building trale. that of ol I'lilhuslafm. five fa France I" Vive la pitz '."^do--.- 4«Governmentfriend would be her quondam American Col- Nothing, Indeed, Is more interesting than such ipeci-To read on the old ToStates of America. Equally fallacioua the hope original yellow paper the monstrous sentiments of with ccnsols, and although the ful'. itse was not main-Empresa purposes pay-B 'IS "«!«lonies, now. and Ito be, the United meis of political teoestrlcity.marketllilie business was Uansact- narties being unprepared.hope longBritain, who has sacrihced so much indayriilwayImprovedtrials were and had,veryM Pens. Coal Co....in dou 1100 HI. Cea. R. Scrip, eithat Gre.itthe cause ofof hers, lustain ormay bo said of France. Yet, though all such ex- '*'"3'" he should certainly take care to mctudemlt From increasedLannagau,.Indicted for burglary hi the third SO do ----- . J3Ji so dos3 &43< sIM.s<> 64 i3aS3liOHinacceded. Thereseemstoscarce. The improvement in American tail waybytbeMaryThe Court thenemancipation, will, by any allianceShould and one at the•specially In GovcmmeBt stocks.tie vi- thoughtless attacks of which a pordon otPriK n for and six monihs. tlir»e yearsJames White, indicted for burglary, pleadedtwobe no one, neithai at the South, hrave or good enough toluuatraungJieIn demand.The New-York nhews is» only three days- later,:Botth nor at theaurrender party for mankind. IiHow much of the present condition of things i^ to be traced to,the present corrupt Administration 1 leave to the friends of Mr. BncHANAN, if he hasany, say.lie has allowed' to remain in bia Catimet, and con-Sxiraa, April 1. letter from the Blstiop of lately learned with great sausfaction''.".Thomas»twbteRaOread .... do Wiover the minds ofthtlr cotemporarlea hasatldgularCalodonlan and ereat Northern Midland Counties scantily supplied,and was sentencedto State „..„.-..so SUK ftattraction.PO"d to form such a collection for the benefit ofolent andthe press does not fear to make Itself theThe aamspectations may be delusive, befote this letter ap- Messagelature ofpear* your columns, South Carolina will have torian of \ix Ijnlted States niU hardly fail 'uj quote as rities continues- Illinois Central aad New-York andguH'T, and sfxencourage Slavery.(mm L. and Y. has relaiwed. slightlyof railway property In gen- but--the ofprosperityThrThe following letter baa been receivedJ N.J.OentralB....l<iT "" 1^ 13 da ..10«vve naveiUT«ao> aUuded to this preposterous com-It is said In some of the to be rii o*y" papers., Bvawhen the foUowiug oalekdab.bup46.000 6,000Which of the Southernttoushm pans seems rooie Uke a burlesque Uter. The news of the sadden ilse In the Bank ofSouth Africa. 1Gov. Jcsxni E. Baowa to the Legis- Georgia,—a document whica the future his-'y-»«nsfta monPt'h"sf«t^ow hich madness reached party*'to grea: PresMentlal Electloa of ItOO.'height to' umc of the. adjournedbeavain to a atiempt conveyperUonstract, which we WiU taetefore Gov. Baowii as givecountry. Ihear that the Unlrersitles Intend t> send;,,•!_,also dlscountuig foith, as in the olden time MlHiionarlei to seek toHill, Joseph Towosend.WUllam Ilarilson.Caurt af Bpcelal SrasAna.i rench pamphleteer, ,eu vut a,(* a pnM:ip'e wiuci,, ,fcam,dmtoact,^„,ml. „.,.,(^ Itu Gtorgtana in war,not Mlyv.Uh .\iu-k.neiand, iut will, the Untu/t t:n-making cimmi.n cause with their stock of billlou.The nccounip of the rate ot Ei;changj are conluioi—ore it as low as 103, notwithstanding telegram quotes100 do 33\ Sciev. S Tol- R :4Hpreieat dayt)e dis- pos-,lOPel. *°Hiid.'C- Ci,acorirv.a Toi.k HOChic. *Kk. LK-sJO"!*?^i'„^"lM''M*.l^""'^'?^'"'^''" He base-.! the moral- all the 1 irons <f the Bank*. Another say^" that the^100N.Y.Cen,B s6 •00 dondo Sl»«do 4i iiorhL.rur. *Q.R. WW20n La Crosse ft Mil. R. 1ity of ittaliaUoh on the tact that the iVortheiners are wa.s from HO to !U7, and anolh.er that bllli were1° rangenumber ofsit T214 ilO 723i S3 73Dec. 18—P. M. The firmness in the Stock Market noticed ia Uic ai'iernoon doeliug* oi yestwdgjr, WM itsnewelto Known traitors to the Constitution I'S^l^ iSlf.i^Th' »'^«."-';U='g to capture fugitive still aimon uii.«alable. If we ptict at lOO was oiilyIn this Courtthe ordinaryof m the foUowhigliO domanner: H do 100 do"»«3'."'h'!--li .he fortuhos mJ^eBy my letter respecting the opening ma le Into IheyesUrdaysomettilng:columi. of our ty,« Bat ks fhip all stopj.ed Is open to i.'ieat doubt. The suF;.en'-i<'n ot Biinli> in the Soiiihr-ni St.i""s create!' U'lu>rdrr titbe«, snd ilif n 'he rid^eIhe il.-was Rcqiittec'. p^ii) ;u;u^».OfUdrtv-fiveby oM tm-cB and auiifor iiiteiiorbankers* drafts, then there vft-ould l>o no advsnt*^eatI)tl..L.kWast.R..like a.it 'it S» .'.iCf.a,tlr tiaves ireely iatoftfae Morthafn Statatted oarry-Lordship, 'Cod wiU mend all!' a)iB—but,' gjUdciples, we must t.i have some very ueremp- country,untilthereissomereactioninpublicsen- demands expecttribes genera dmce, and not be ieit to the of violence. measures are tu be adopted against iheui It may, of the probable eSsot upon uur market of the political tiuDS. of the told me thatalso against th«> against England. Should, then, the mild wts- and nnderatand with shut eyes, m how mtnd UP" BoNALD, 'tr« miut kelp Hun to oou ul tim Governor prevail, and a Southero lyiand, If any firmness can now save the Confederacy be establlsbed on Brownlie prin-amouat of business was done al bank.EBIFHKKT OF HOLD TO TBI UKITID STATU.MITCBIL, yon will comprehend the position'Aye,much to destroy itmen now come forward. With Qod's help, let all good citizens put their ahoulders to the work, and not leave to the bad ones to effect that which, Ittiie Governor Is rather redundant ia tlirouglKMtSly le] such cidzen of this State who may hsve been robbed of bis property by the failure oi sucu faithlessmercantile commuatty another tqr the ramlficatloas of mademoommarce. It is very iastruetlTe to trace the comiaerclal eSsctssnd doi« tolet the honest and peopletbe draftsaccepted tbe^ far the aooomiMdatloB ofsald Mewan.toiy madeonus,andinca^eofrefusalThe maintenance of thelate to maintain it, should be undertaken onlythoae who hold the law aacred, everywhere. North blate » hlciiand South. PoUticiana and preachers have dune State as may be amply eufiicleut fully to IndeianUy been established between onemisrlonarles did most by doing things In always goodi:} recover the sum ofreciomim nds to tt,e tne of a law to Legislature psssingtion isof (wo drafia aUi|«f te hart been dnwaiW WiuiamStale todischarge its coosuiational obligaaoos.'* Butfiom thiscoast, lately returned from Booibon wltk atiff with ab new or partedthis is not all. Tbe Northerners are nut only to bedeUcala systeoi of ctea It has been Instantly dislooated. Une ol tiie most promlaeui uses of credit U to adjust transaoilons between distant points by a mere papersogai-mlll and coffee- cleaning machine, sunr caneiof superior and ooObe-seed. and two Frenoh-amimat ot.thninTli* date now eoMevtefere the Oburtrobbed time a State refuses to aid m aBaowB thatState which protect the lives, and liberty,ofibedtlseasof other Slates ivfaile In this Sute, beTTKlBoHlon anfendai^aa the mauad that aaumber ofwitassMeits limits. The only excuse for him is that he is prob-,speciehere,was depopulated. Even for the incipient plaii- liff,aiBdiiaceattaaaawoiitha 8jpaelara»eult^Cal-ably a ** seiuation " Message, and knows thatof remittance, in Ueu of tbe far more eoonomlealmedium furnished bills afTba.C^oi^naated U^ order lAad for brtte alata- there la slave huathig among endar, for trial apoa Friday, the aid last.adopted.Massachusetts, Vermoat, Mii'.hlgan, Maine, Khods Norfbern and the Southern totauon ot Camof the very people we lately visited at Shelha and R. GlUea for tha moUaaJudak ft MeUaaaa ap-;Isiakd, CoonecUout, New-York and Wiscooslu, as Slates,say nothiag Negarsa. Tbe mission will a steamerthe Wtstem, It quickly becomes theSpeeie Shipped dnrlng al red " KiUiout ttie of tne laws of this tween the United States aad Europe. 'Tne natural arewith the Abolidoniit States,duties slderatioiis which promote tlds drain. In the firtt^rpealthe fartin favor of those whose legiidallon is more satisfacto-ry, seems quite natural. It Is recommended that awill give secuilty to settlers, without a shot, firingof thisCourt, on the ath of dayDecember,diflerenuai 26 cent, stiail be laid on tlie< banges |is very apt to slip away from us, and to ttogby aotloB was founded oaa nnHnlssorylawful (ommerce more than several ships on th« aola,aUecedtamustweoverlookthe rather remarkablestadstlcsof pf Lover," which the em bfnks to which they are Indebted for ad- the trade of the port of New-York for the first ten•addeeiatonThe case " Irwin vrrnu InpealeoucadoB a Mannat Labor College. Sucn a Calleae, fendanta. _"reaeryed.Orahasi far da-of Common Pleas. The defendant indebted." The plaintiff was non-suited.lr.g capitalCitypleaded "neverWest,sistance from tlie East, not only upon the prlaciplatanniwtmwttutm.B. Fansum vs. Jmma B.respective quicklylastaDees, does actuate and inflame the |K>liticians silk, vegetable fibres, also chemical products and dents of tiie Bank of Commerce, the Fhcenix Bank cooimeiclal channels; but the few considerations to help,and demagogues, but unfortunately, these latter dyestuffs, glass and crystal ware, earthenware, pot-;We ask It, because we are unable totheplace TjT nTtr that t ill rt intfni Ihi—Insl haiiifll af£nd in the people themselves a deep and earnest feeling, which, trom the infatuation that ever at- tends extreme opinions, is too easily kindled into recklessness and rage, and makes men, withouttery, *c.o'clock, but, of course, it was then found that otiierhazardous character wblch has been aitrlouted to College in a situation to meet the pressing demands them. They argue sagacity and providence, not a of students whose finances will not permit them tothe plaintiff aad the defondant.The jury, after being out about ten miautei, ntaia-a verdltt tor the deteaaaatMott, Murray * Harris for plaintiff: H. 6. Har-rington and £. W. Stougkton for defendant.Tha Fawler DcfialealiaB. VStm 8TATBS OIBTBICT OOUBT. Patan /mUm BeOS.inquiry, adopt any argument appealing terests or passicHis.to their in-in piocurtiig an education, tioth mental aad butwhichapplications,thoughverypressfng, weare unable to to in such a manner as to meet thecubtoflhe stato of affairs in that Tue Labor country.German emplpyis are leaving Uungaiy by scores, andThe thousands of conservative people at the Hattk are here hardly knovm to exist % their very etbtence being obsctnwi by the etemarnogro talk.reosfpothned case. exigenciesmsbe limited to a minority— ^ittokeep upthere was a general anderatanamg on the part of thelike6on;eth>iJg very anarchy prevails, as the countyThe bullion in the Bank of Francespectdation uponhad subsided.duiingthe last week is said to have increased by fifteen iollllon francs.The Lopdon Star says that appeals for English sub.scriptions to present a testimonial to CapU Wiiaoa, oftheiriwue been to Sc*i^cr,|have generously respondedfrom quarters somtchso,thataconaolssion manyWe ask it, t>ecause almost are dsily applicationst»palnt a-plgtars at an leseoe, for preseutaUoa tuCapt. Wiuoa, has been entrusted to Mr. Baiiu,!, theeminent marine painter, who has had several inter- banks, although f.>rmally adoptedDepartmentwill te another drawback upon the attempt tocoimect Leaniing and Labor.prohibitingoafendanu from a judgment rendered at a ferial tatm'». LIVINGSTONE.A Callege far the Masses Apyeal aa Bekalf covered for Us brsther. It Is allegad thS'ths pravl-tlK'te at Debrerzln and Eperies. Travelers say that ibat no gold movement will take place, because ihe uue does now what he in anddischarged till January ate notified trailed Statrs District Caart-Dsc. 18.cej t.high point,iDf^Iveary af Ihe Papal OoTcmment. Ihe Indipcndame Beige says that tbe holdersjodgeBett.<i.Law and Gustivna}The suitCimo^er. the sureties of I>aac V. Fo .vler, agaia-XbiuoUiiLs in to bti seat to mem forthwitii. goluIn;the papers how, so late as the 2d inst. even, a ^Le yaziime of Florence announces that the de- nia, niny De estlmab-d, not only by tne exi>erionce of reniitied to MM. RoTuscuiLn only a pari of me interest '' The discussed thefor 'ha Rooeevelt and Mr. WUcoxsoaof Ohio move.-, the Court to adjourn cisive attack on Gaeta Will not lake place until the 1^57, bill by ihe tact that the ili.tm from tlie -Vorth to dL(' on Dec. 1, the holders will be immediate. y In- -appearedWithhad bet n no material change, but the probability Is that tetore the cio»e of t;ie year the people in boitito tljoofiertd.From tke London News. Dee. 4. Thearcountsofthe staleof trade in the m-m'ifa".- tuiing districts continue to reportgreat general 8t.;adl-ness. There are, however, of dlmhiisbed symptomsactivity In severaljbranches. Some effect has t>eensterliog.regardprlitical qilcslion, there— CHAMBBBS.produced by the uni:ertatoty of the money marketilaltrr of Josifk WkxteModon deided.isvices from that quarter. At Birmingham and Wolver- and of King VicToa Ehabcsi.Ihe infrtaures wherein work is not labunIlgcla^te8 are still comparatively rare.therrom tke Loudon TimesThe Engli^h lunds continue buoyant. Consilsopeiied at an a<lvance of H. but a autneq leut im- provementwasnotmaintained. TheappiicaUonslor dlsccuut at baitk to-day were of an avcr-.ige scale,Suspensionlie is at presenl engiged upon a contra :t of -*;w,u;>0AtGlasgowthe Volunteers turnedbe taken ForArson—FredrickFreund,SioaonKatz-X doH Hailem B. PreTd.Messrs. Tkos. Pirsa * culiy.So.i, ofBishcpngate, is ia diffl-— were ihe -uchsfoiiis wWch gree'.ed Her lUijeety.Cean af General Seselaaa.Judge Rdbsell held this Court yesterday. No MOceaaBark13 '<)« wSk.s *N.ia.'e.s.5iKin morning movement has been an advance In Notth-eastem. andCityArticle, Dec. 8.I'hi se explanations seeinul to me uece>ssary into reassure interisis which theie }eems to ba a wish to dlstuib without serious reasons.''MONETARY AFFAIRS.at tha Ntaek Bzehaace—Die. IS.The has arrived from Australli w-th two of llie HiiffutkKmpress,73%In although oLly 13,000 sovereigns were wlth-Int-iwns have hastened tothemtn who at a time of commotion h»e gained power tainrd, closed intrinsically good. The principal nailon can cmy ten-l to strengthen the bonds between Mlcna«laad alsoeral, good guarantee stocks are In deiaand, veryorgan. I.lvlDg;slOBe Afrleaa Espedltiaa.and was sentenced to Sing Slag loryears6 CIev..CoI.h Cin-R.t*ii" Erie being especiallyBishop of Oxtoid from Dr. LiviaasTORiConsiderablelet has taken place—the Banks areFor falseLawfon. Hamilton W. Shipmau.recoverythough preteuUously logical a.i a bllh, freely. havii.g agreed to protect each other oypretences-CharlesFor grand larceny—Wluiam Walters, MaryKitourreaders.»6a].*Chlo. BoprMit 2>0Harkm B.fref.... SlK MO do ...opfblKpr-i^,Ljilij^iiOprocurable bySursaax CessT—SPseiAi Taaii.—Nes. 130, 135, 143, 149,rai to try her speed against that vessel, returned toour roadstead 3 etterday. During all the trl%ls with Theie were no in at biaii. Tne The Viatt of the French Einpresa to England. ^o^. 640 831', CM, fiSo, 882, 864, gSs, 8911, 18, 754, 5£!,M-cc 7"«operations gold£2.0UO.CO0 in silver from the ilanX of Frauce is ntiUFrom thti Muntt ur.We are informed from Biigiand that the6112,56. 412, 4»<. 498, 740, 162, 844, 488, 504, 990, 810,do IW do 75)« 6S8 do V. earcllBS St.«« T» »« do7«K "3 74"3 rj'ipriv.itethirty dajf.morning, at 10 o'clock, when the following cases will40 «1S40and 1U7 was the ctiarga foron Bi^liiand:«>Xno,ifi.he;t,n^ svlSa^t^e*d^e"a,lers m thi:ii.g cotton, which is the produce oi »iave lab-.r. This where be to run risks. The irent at home our steps have been dlreiite 1 tu a liel Isecu-Sullivan, Indicted the Peniientlarv.grand. •„,.. _„_„i„- -, n3S::;::::.'.:bi5^ toCIev *PiHs.B... M»'sxeon MABB«•»> 60 d« 4,0(S T«OB. St. 6s. to. .TSJt 460 UllnaUj•' '•||I'heve sympathedc IDa.life^talions of tlie English the two nations. They snow In a strialng m innerhow the common sense of the mas5e8disc-irds€d.degree, pleaded guilty,10 do12n Pacific Vail S.C«WIU UTas I* err—tbeir total tkplial,aad oaa wisfJJJJ^JJ^ersoa charge* with maUefous taokM.From tke London NotwUhstaodlngtheexperiencegainedlathenow an witnesses. The moreawau at wit- presenttbf Ir own way. I anf rally floavlnced that yoiu waybrooghigiWitksaaoaMpublic cont(*Bi>oe by the threatened disruotiatt of Confederacy,laihrvWB out of joint, holders of mutuMf hesitate to part with It, the rataref discount bave advanced eva-TVy desire thstf-ths da- TniilitliaflttiitiriiiSiiilMil. «ai that the dafeaiaatmarket is to attract;be at the service of tbe mlssioiu I send home Mr.dutyot perThe Bnmored Ifegotiations for the Sale productions of ev er>' State which aeglectd to carry back u,ion the more primitive pl-m of discaarging ocean. Mr. have l>een made by Kennedy for MM), Ihths oraarsystem int^uiaitlonmore than is absolutelvthe free circulation andfor, In the firstqnestlen was a aseoal ri.Tne Gori^uin>ent of his Holiness tbe Pope bavlag as yetconsequence plainaate' witnessesceii eu ol li.steadmoLeytl;efollowingflewt, Dec. 4.Paper.Uamztk.~'lUate.nessed an sufflolantly important to Impress us with ama) t>« found ivliiUn tbe limits of this juster perception )of tiie intimate relation which has Church Is called upon to put fiatb her best energies, detendaaL Max MweMk.necessary, convertibilityand aided the to establish an Instltudon for Bl>boppart-Permit me to£l,om The New-York advices to-day show tiiat in the ces uf Importance will be made at presenL Bui this Western College, snd situated In Linn County, Iowa. James Xynch then gave his brother a ovtileate,Gov. Bicva shall be a leading spirit.srricr or the cbisis ik iitoland.call the attenti<» of your readers view is corrected by the very fact that gold is now be- This College Is not quite four years old, but hasInand influential, Maryland in this respect standing TotalAezt to Virginia and Kentucky—is of one voice. Tbe lata] shipment of gold for New-York by the by ajoint measure of sixteen of the principal baoka— keen opened. But If the temporary possession of a most beautlfiU and healthy locations this side the lo know from him whan ha was ooarfag to pay Ihstknown as the "loaves and fishes." DuDCan,ebera>'D&Co.£l,«)OiWard & Co ally rX.B%VDttCa.,amlt.. 3,000 IChsrlesTtylarFrom the London Time*, (CUg Article,) Die. 4. three days from the Vth tu the 2Mh of November thesigned by Kennedy, that the note was aiboslness aola aod would be paid at matatity. It failhai appeals thatsomeconvetsatlnarelatiretothis oate«ca«rialhad reached itsapparently commenced, just before the departure of ence of 1857, when goid which was sent to America moral, Intellactual and physical powers of young some two months before the suit was brought, aa fot-£«i,«il the mall. The favorable turn had been brought about was returned in the same boxes, which had not even ladies and gentlemen, aiad Is situated in one of the tows: PlalatUT met Kennedy In the street, and wishedatafiM aiarmed to consent to act together for the common that the operaUon did not fulfill its object ? AgaU., spe-havinglengthsufficientlytoUdated the credit of houses In America, who can saywas £I49,4S0. Inber of our free blacks— thousand— in specie, an tbe 4tli, from Southampwa for New- safely. Any further delay would have resulted la a de may be sent as the best medium of paying Tor difficulUes of the West almost the whole period of iU brother wiil pay that; see him and he will paytt.*ninety greater York. general suAvension in some of the principal branuhes securiucs or produce, which are excessively depreci- existence ; and after tiaving labored faithfully, and The Court ovnraled the qeedieB a* to whether than any other Bute. The Pro-Slavery influence Tbe Empress Ecaiaia, on the 4tfa inst., paid a visit ol business, and especially In the grain trade. The ated in the United States. At a Ume of general con- luder the circumstances successfully, to sustain Itself plaintlffhad eecnkis brother, aad what yarned ; aa4They fusionandalarm,itiseasytoperceive.theadraatage thebenevolenceof counseltakethegrottadthatsuchevldsaeawasIm- to Queen Tiotobu at Windsor Castle. Her stay was were liable for drafts made upon them by the Western possessed by the buyer w ho steps, cash* In hand, into by Its own cltixeas, its friends find properly excloded, fsr the reasoa Oat a patty lefor- •ver may be the, real motives actuating Carolina very brief, not exceeding two hours. Her reception bouses for grain and other produce traosiuitted to a grovp uf oager because necessitous sellers. Fur Uiemselves compelled to appeal to the friends ofpop- Ing another to a tblid person for Inforaaatlon i^^a and tba Cotton, States, be this negro question by tbe InhaMtants of Windsor was very cordial. New-York, and their legitimate means oi meeting ex.,mple, our city article has drawn attendon to the tilar educadon In the East for asslstan;e. any transactloa between them aimimns thst tha la- with them pretext or not, there can be no doubt As tbe West India Hall steamer Tainanian was these drafts consisted in the sale of btils upon the Eu- lact that Illinois Central RaUway shares, which are in soliciting aid from the City of New-York at this formatUm giviea by Oie tUrd party is oeneet, aal this ropean houses to whom this produce is consigned. quoted heie about (58 per share, were purchasable time for our seems to be supported try Ist Greealeat oaRv., IM that in Maryland, Virginia, Tennessee and Ken- leaving England, on tke 3d last., she ran ashore bislde But such bills had at length become totally unsalable, at New-York, when the steamer Arlande left, at a youthful College, It may be necessary to and 184 i 3d C. and P., fiU ; IBth N. T. R., (58, as diedtucky, the sentiment of liie North—the anathemas tbe needles during a thick fog. She was got off. how- and a stoppage of payment therefore seemed tnevita- price equal to (35, or even less, showing a differense furnish some reasons for so doing. By your permis- by counsel.— t\ er, at the next tide and returned to Southampton, able. In that case the break-up of the New-Vork of 15 per cent. A time of panic Is a time to buy. If sion I will briefly present them, or at least soiu of Upon all the facts faaad, a verdict was directed lathethe Bank of Commerce. The total bank- the exports, a decrease of £2,000,000 in tne imports, guards possible against prostration the phyilcalof theXtt,<'0€,(JU) of that amount was represented on tlie oc- casion. Tbe conference resulted In a resolution to purchase bills of exchange on England in the open market to an amount equal to £Si>0,VO0, each bankwill defend the institution against what they deemita demoralizatioD by political agitation, at the sa-^eiifice of the Union and at the risk of war. Theloas of pc^tical power may, and no doubt .in many ptlse textlM fabrics composed of flax, cotton, woal, vxks, TiLiSTOH and T. Tatlox, the Presi- be followed by a revival of eoofiaenee in ture upon all enterprises of this kind.TtfUr.— brought to recover tha sum at »3,914 30, alleged to be due from tbe defendant to tka extenfo. The articles enumerated hi the tariff cora- was formed to carry out the measure, tM essrs. Sii- ment that a subsidence of the political t^itation would ment, nearly yean past—<»usiiig great ptea- plaintiff upon a promissory aelB made brtedafaad-Thetreaty between France aod England ia published inshould privileges assistant. and payahls to the aider of tha ntilahffnot The deleace Is want of conslderaaoa. iaaamaeh aathe note was dlwonated by the plainllff ander aasupplemeataryConvention to the commercial'thosewhohavecontributing pr*rsfa to theA Comnuiteepayment. lor fourWe dq^ot wish to Indorse any exaggerated appre- hensions re sptcUng the probable flow of gold to the Lniied States, since it is not to be doubted for a mo-JottfkThis actfon was3. howand the City Bank, being the parties selscied. On wlili-h we have thrown together will show that thethe folluningday, Nov. 20, this Committee met at 1 specie shipments now commenced do not possess the 4.proceedour liabilities must be met."The apprehensions of a monetary crisis In Paris buyers had come into the market. the AlthoughCommittee offered to purchase largely at the ratescurieut a few hourstions nere made to them. This was on the afterooua preceding the departure of the preseut mall, andthey nere to condnue their idttings from dav to dav.Meanv^ bile, the transactions had t>een large in theopen market at 106 to 102 merchants' and 1U3 to 104for bankers' bills, and it will be found perfecttheturnofthe exshange.proceed with their education unless it Is done.Uiat the.Is a success and If we fall now It ;pre-previously, scarcely any applica- Tbe5.made by per^ons aoroad, not excepting New Yorkprobablypublic have subsequently oontiauodtrcmHungary,andbegivesatrulylaineut&ble«c-We6. Manualwith the Dank At the same biddings. lime,may be theWodt of politicians, fiilse and corrupt as politi- views with Capt. Lxnea, of the Connaugkt, and has uluiioo, that they should extend their discounts, anJ, who has a bias in favor of the Austrian Govern'ueat— Colleges. And here let us refieat thatmayIt wasnot asares-— docians generally are but the people here not so received from that gentleman all the detailsactliig upon this, some of them had doubled their scale further stalls that the will the If we do not succeed It will not be the fault of the Tbe ground upon which it was asked that the easa of accoinniodaUon. These luoveineuts tiad Hungarians reject pro-neoes'arybelieve ; they consider it as characterizing the sen- to enable him to produce an accurate represent itloa caused violent fluctuations in the stock market, and leply to a quFbii'.n whether tlie Liberal party will le- though in its infaiicy, has actually been the source of sureues was absent.timent of the entire North, and unless this senti- ment is corrected, and some stable guarantee isof tbe sceLC^ su aveiage rebound had been establishel of about 3 or 4 per cent. Uiiiiols Central has gone up from 5iliLqiilKb its ri^ht to vote the supplies ot money and a handsome revenue for the two las* years, showingSarraca(e>8 Caart.that theof the CoustitutiOD are^ to 73. prC'^H.fed purchase"How will exchangepay. Lastly,we askprovisionsand in all respects to be maintaineii,II. Ob. which tho nation iu.iM.riaiii D-ivilegebecause ourgiveneverywhereobservant and reflecting m?n consider that theS'ses,"' reported at PestQ that the patriotism, xmfllnchlog courage, uuselfisti contu.tt, nfiect this couiit/y Y" ^cme Impression prevailed ih.il state ot -Mege wou d t>e piociaiiried In all tho^ co i-i-assistance,Isvent deprecated by Wasbinqton has arrived,and that longer Union is impossible. This, like all Italy.'dodieslic questions, is of a delicate nature. The A mcetlo;- was held In Dublin on the 4th Inst, in fo- North must correct its gratuitous warfare and de- vor of a repeal of the British Uiiion. Among tae rcd-lies wipich objif^ted to iiie reorgantzition ol tne cou>i- tle.-- ou the ba»is ot the Imperial ordinances, and insist- ed on the reftoratloii of the laws of 1817 ann IMt?,The Common Council of London a-e going to pre- tom«n was: "There ar« iiot a taousau\iHiiiifary who are wliiij,g to ceJe to the crown thesent a valuable sword and tbe freedom of the ci'y to21^I'lie question ttien arisestoin practical operaUon. and has been the means ofagaia proceeded with yesterday, before the arrogate. Mr.Gen. GAaiBALBi, "as a mart^ of fur his uuble respectILe^i X5'K},C(J0 bills ofposenterpriseuntUiug zeal, acd heroic deeds on benaif of freedoiiiit was ite liiir:i.tion ol the banks to remii the bidsfi'ttliAith to Bauino's, with orders to h.ive th.:in ois.(ouiiied. and ftir the amount to bo sout back in gold.OiLerlettei.*-, however, affirm positively that they do tut it is dotibtliil whether the report correct, inthis, C. BKIGGS, Agent.[Mr. Bbiogs comes lo this City bearing uoquesUon-in relation to ItiaCalled cates Clrcalt Caart—Dao. IS.Judge Smalllt, who had been telegraphed t3 come and hold IhiA Court in consequencedf the lil- niss of Judge SBirxAif, has written thst tewUiba here Thursday moining fur that purirase, and taeand independence in tbe late strut^gle forlibertyinsoDS, given in the resolutions, for ajrity,1 heie i.ave bten dlstuibanci s at Miskoicz anl Mezo-55; fri'iu 71Erie from 26H to aod New-York Ceutralpersons in Conclusively that students' latwr has tieen made—The Blaniman,WiU. This contest wasnptcoiit, mplateany summary procecdiiig of this liind, but will ."imply rend the bills for coliecUm at matu-antagoni<im betwfeen Lank uiatis wuuli ^oe sold tj persons h:iviDg to every pleases Ifingary, tlie/e is reason to t>eiieve that the staiemeut Isinquiry, by any Interested, maybe addressed to me, No. i!% Frankilu-street, this City,meanwhile, fiom tbne to liioe, as the ex-the Sizolnok county the people have entirely ceased tou^e fUiui.. s, and vtry lew of them pay their taxes. and will meet with prompt attention. C. B.la Correspondence o/ tke London Times.Visaaa, Nov. 20.A T'erson on whose judgment and veracity I haveconfidence this returned to Vienna morniagil(iiatiaaBnacary.Ciiy, for positions where such can assist themselvesWTite as fohoivs to ihe P-iris MM.RoTBscaiLbhaverefusedtopaythecoupon tsklng— Motiongrantedwithoutonsutoeitherparty.guaranteed byMyers.Stirlingup:W^ n 3JSg 31 3<^railways,ol the Ci'mmlUee that to Issue an Address would be work out of the hands of the National I'om- mitiee that properly belonged to that body. There was not a dissenting voice as to the .v;iirir and tjneAAorn vs. Mix Marettek.-^-of interest due on the bonds of the Papal Governmeu', and In the publication which they have mide lor toethe Governments of His Ho'lne-ssvs. Rider et oi—MoUon to put cause on Spa^ cial Term Calendar granted, to be placed on Caleh- darforilktinsLOaatt Caleadar^Foa Widkssdit.the lace and rome 'Other departments. The cotton child's relusal of assistance to the Fapil Goverumeut, 1S«I, 18G4,5270, lel,l50S, \e7J, 378. 1»M. 2ai'2, 2018,Qaimi vs. Qaiwi.—Mottoa denied.city Mallc^e^ter the re^-^ptiun assumed q'lite a characerBridget Cirland,4,00OL.B.JkW. UlM.bM 1t0o0oUn the 30 of Decembec theing a visit to the tjneen at Windsor Castle.», T «Mr Lean BissortaTtr. stale e's.. . .l.noo Hissoori Stato 6s <7)( 60io'clock,For felonious asstuJt—Edwhii notice *adoption —but inbut no one is Igiiorant that Stale obligations are sacredfor all Goveinmeuts, and that lor the States of theChurch e^peciully, the Guveromunt of His Majesty,VicTi.,! EiiAMjXL. is altogether dii^posed to re^^.iguizelis sliaie in the debt of the Pontldcal Government. I43H, **, I4S. 114. 117, 150, 151, 152, 31, 438, 158,wherever she had tieenRendr;iwn licm bunk jetterday for traiuinissl'n to Ne*- iori's ot tbe soil have vied with each other In doiugTork by the Atlantic. It appears ttiat the ves-els the hcuors of their noble mansio.is.have taken out £149,5<iO. Various amount; must On tbe 2Kh o{ Novcm'ier the Empress pdd a pleaded guilty, and was'sent to the Feniteatlary for therefore have beenfrom the branch at Portsmouth.Bdi., '/S-•» do »H Me.°,prts-ei.ttier; tieaudressestoIrecepttgiveaI |30Han. Ji BtJJt.B. as 100 ReadiogRinlo Mijeitydt-scripiioiis,of from lhi« except In ca-es set 11 that slmultaneouBlv with y.iur praycrrul move- Of nine charged with as«ult and one eOHod. River B 3^Lakeyouis to conclusive in persons iilKht willing a for the luts-cases werepersons ba'^ery,regionthe t-hlpn^eut gold counio'.the eyes of ih.^ Uovi ri;',r corrcctrKSs ot the sta'tm*;nt that tlie PhlladelptiU wl Ich presents really ^lo'lous urospectpettyIitm tl.ii Shirewill hiivcsli.n. Ihe Sbire getesdly pai-t Ific uuf.-icr.f*ly By youdisposedno witness appearingpersons chargod with ti.a v,ue6;-iih«fS«.Jbyri-jiwiaofeom,».iilrn icirCi va.ii.csri--i: o;i i,:ord/^r159. 1«I,1C4, 105,19. — Scrtsioa CossT —Part Ione. The fiehl Is aU your own. I thhik that tkeStewart in bvor of lki>aadaoeeMM brifea '.endeavor to repay somewbat the wrongs we har« Africa.The defendantplalatlf,denies Indebtsdaets to the pliiadfandof the secessioo agitatloa m the United States. The A SeAor Cans, the grtat ageal of French emlgratiea wjttaotaar eaasUftatfea therafor, aad ttat *e pisia.at be- require sbbut eight feet to serve aa a home tillmaoe. llavhig lost my dispatches, I do not kn jw whetfaf r Government will me another it wouldand w ill promote the extinction of the Slave-tradehis rouise oulhean Address to the peo-ef a Weatera Callege.that those who have thesenot, but e^iecially because the West has been sufleiing under serious inancial embarrass-We ask because without It we know:isk assistance because so far theVnitciSltteaVs.'/iaacFT'.P'oie&r.—This ceedli'g, which was to restrain the Goveramsal from action against Mr. Fowler's surety, on accoimt of thaauthorities aie not yet coosttiuted. My inlormaat— 7. If w-c succeed it will be a stimulus to repeat the Informality of the bond, was postponed until Thiim- eflort In other dav.already posals wblch have now been made wi<h disdain. Toe Manual Labor Department, for that Department, 1 e postponed was, that a material witness for tteaiidIndependent change rifrts, Mil their own drafts against ttioiii. If CsHt, butitis s.-ld that ttiey were less serious thanOil the it was 2Mli Instantthe attesting wllntsses ,KieMt good toor a eimilar tfiort, would have been deprived of It, -—l:j P. S. belters ofmany Niw Vc«x, Dec in, 1860.doingbany corrrspondenfquestion byputwithout costs. Bunnetal vs. MarskaU rl oA-Motlon dented with purpose ol announcing this suspension ol payment visable lor tlie Stale Committee to Issue one. fro far (10 coits to abide event, vrith liberty to tile defendantsthey have adopted a lorm which Is of a nature lo give rise to tbe belief that It is the Koman R-^iroail shares, pavment of whose tateie>t has tieen retarded. Now the interest of the General Society of Roman ilali ways is paid by MM. Miaxs k Co., and, in conse-to leiiCW on further affidavits.Bullard vs. ifarria^oa.—Motion grantedas we are coDCeriied, it isthbt we have never doubted theing our views, most decidedly, at all times, on the Slavery qiiertlen. The Address issued met uur most."heaily apprebationJLAW KKPOKSrS.aof the border The accounts from Hungary grow dally more cumpiainis of dullness continue to ue received irom capital employed. 1 am not to examine MM. HjmS' BrrrBXHB Codbt—Cibccit —Part //.—Nos. Oritnfsl Bank et al vs. BsMnu^-Costs taze^lor gulltvlio petty lirceny, and was sentfpa,rm-. ''ror forgery-Edward Wemngton, WilUam B.'LOly.SSUnioBBank.*apersons, who withoutHenry Bolton, sworn for the ofthewllLui.necessary proprietyofsay express-without Russ, Irtal^B. Bruck.—Motion denied without costfcNos. iBT, 336^,715, 1067, 57.S5.etI.ei».'J45. 767.805. AU»,9<K1, 1083, 1011. 961, 659, t57. 819. 349, Wi, 887, 391,721. 1017, 163. Fart 11.—8al«a$8,eM U. ?. Is. 14, Con. 90 ,IM>. Y..CentralK^____Caavt ef Oyer and Terminer. AfPBCIALSxeSlO.NS' CASC IN A HlQlUtk COtTBT.to tMl cases wlU"'for us toenJ__O. Thompson, ThomasE. R. 0. Bs. m. iro lU.CsB. R.BSBi MO do.^Wi do ..st2SX do. -...;-. -sis wikephysical,uponUmwaltaB,npoo thejurorstgambUag eases which hava fiv . i»»SJone of cxecutora,was nrrratlsatte case was yr. O'louor and Mr. Rnbinsonover UU Tburs-cosis to e.ther party.ftem aoch a aoJ dg i afi. The a».arguedi pUiatlff;JdUt—Baker vs. £(Uer.—Modoa granted with tl3 costs.8.000 Tmn. St. es. VO. UJ4g100 de 31 10 Padflc M. 8 Co.bSO 80fsChi. & Rock IS1.R. 46*4 is do 4SStdoK^fJS do SJJs inoi.tM. B.K3* ds «J doat It bnwk 73^*l B c. 1stKLErieBldiroadT'!''' »!< 90BOOio tm2 Mil UsrlelBiS.KeolU. len. H. Bs.. eaM «0 do-(JeBjB--.101 JOOVIch.10114 MM.8.*«.Ia.K 100ISO do60 doano d«» MO do.....M TIH ISOof18M.da- Tha~^ B»xtiiio«B, Monday, Dec. 17, 18M. none so wise or so good who have not continual Uils Ifceory applies equally to Enxlaud. -Oiir fore- higher Ibaa yesicrday. Some eOect was produ.Were you eonsidered a bright lad at Bug^ydH your familiajaty with terra-jami, as mapiwil President at tUa time, aa much as we feel how planterF. and yet ne perversely and diabouebtly de the in mediate tendenry of prices tSEsy wasthatitnd* at paper navigation, ever commandpremiumbyunroyal Dane,deeply both are needed, calls to mind the motto tocomee a free man he touches British directlybut the was supplyadequate to Ihe demaad, aaajMalie-Bkin, and your apt-rlare Ujat a Gtoiglan gentleman's colored servant be-hie. T be Discount Markat waa maderalatyaa gaographical location may control tmX degreeStateaction. TheChesapealtebay,uponwhosebivalves and crustacia.in her hoar of trial Marylandto geography of Ma-well,'fkoeat; forSaonthattUapripaseSSS^SpiSdof L^*; Theatrical aa4 Operade-Oae naaaam Aa.in ? If w, without turmnjsaid hiaboutham SUtes have Massachusetts have |<er tbe rale was scarcely below 6J(. A mode^^fcreeHa ABa(her>sStmAM /t Ahem ti. MaxforyouCahltle'8 "'Ah! iMer-Jay Pumphittt.gtoumi. Acoordmgly, every right of retaliation which thebest bills weratakenat 41i;occasion forIr to^tt?2ifoT^J,2:^ a<|Junidi^oTu preliadnaiy exai^aatloa bt^T^.Htl Thomas M. Tryniski 309 South 4th Street Fulton New York 13069www.fultonhistory.com 