 wocee-* i*. Mi»e*d,«, a i x -(F*w i»*pw~|«* to b* ier i*.ropertjrplineihv [f >sbie*CO_fir Witk >boa ofIr. W e h a oar 31 t b « - falootor Perkinsbare M y e .J Awe*i-.fcruwihodTrA«ee*elUfht: *Jhiriibe- wish'from •rth.btt* IHe has bit re- iaptes af-Dod- OK the s»near\>ion, in mait A i*i (JU-appeara,t ia the i*aawatirig . M5.000. it Gal-» i ' i >naJ ;muog*, .id for a aid • forCupid. > K-urfrr*•portrait |pait»te4 do. . BatJG*nery,^ ladn; ofBh^Jby red by a honor adod toi^ansa« perhaps martyr, WOT, re-,Silem.la art. pno/art | i ' .ri A HxaadsJ- KIHH * e - icted a? ;C-*iacL„ ^^/-VJP j?o<*fvryo- FCHOOL—EDUCA- rroirFOX DOGS:It.J"Bbeb'«rdtog;.:' mm fw J^whensoveryoldhisspeeiJgeiaerallybecomesimpairedj l^^phmti'shouldnoloe hwrk^inyWhou^tmI iSTlONS•&SfMARRliA*^thoufih bis fcent remains good as ever. The natural vhe nights -get frosty, and while out of-doors tbey Tfa Vke Editor nf Th* If. T. TrttKmd;Pife. Wm. H. Lee, and we surely never saw a moreluxuriant sight. Mr. Lee's^orchard, probably the larg.estmth^country.coversa^uT^ac^ RseveralyearsatTriesteahi«e,andiswellac- falian, and French(a he has bat bo „ty .' a«4then brought in to part*.! ce of a plentiful breakfast OOQ- in a well-consrruct«d green-house; but, nothwihstand- 1 t restorative both to the body and mind of its 1trious, of all.who rest there. I remeober to have subserviency to. the unrighteous prejudices of foreign- hesfd a foreigner—^who knows our couniry welU-say, ers. .When Theodore Parker died, * It seems to me that mbiB death. America has lost her most brilliant intellect.'That there is truth in such ah opinion wc are all in- VITAI. STATISTICS OF EWGLAWD.—According to the clined to•acknowledge. A simple and tasteful monu- annual report of the British Registrar-General fust ment has just been put up at the grave. B bears this iwjued, it is estimated that the population of GreatTjrms' —itbsuits highly gratifying. Certain .conditions are neces- slaveholder should contest the question of his right to hold sary for the t>t at success, and these it is our "ohj -ct to slave* in said Territory, and the question comes before the Su-E__takab'1» Throe-offee libidos •be Slave puma -ofrery few iiaga l a r t pro- tin, their iouther*«ro«p, ib-j and 'sWhis- utd mat eir owa ca3toov-ftogtre*-r» forth- tnre by >n eveu- eWmV ' ranee of ttor to a"of the per t_etab-en, pe habit aetdoo;§ brotb- »K>a, or t*; bow tbeyaf- iftertee, ?lt», ex-Gradu-changeIbiX* of fs. The he fence 1 ai such w1 wouldTmble of last Uuttia the * of a So»n AS'vpio**- krrayedeu two Oxford 8," lot- , i*coffiae ciaea rick<»n.B tbey a foot-eb&de tied; » ' and, tOa laet- -/ euta oi ght of ig they end. }n, aud *• okingKb- and Reigned lone, ofin upon ^"Aald ror thecession * drn«4ih.m is the staple of their food. . In Summer they have nostout whatever, aa it hah been found to make them point-out. The greatest obatiste to successis the dry-preme Court, will not <r».decision be in favor of the slaveholder 1 And will ,iut ttils establish Uio right of oUvaholifftrs xo hold slaves in the Tenitorie.8 ? In short, oan the pejople of d Territory, the Governor, Judges, Legislature, or even Cpngrees, prohibit Slavery.intheTerrltorieawhen theSupremeCourtdecides suchr IThis youth was" a student at the school of Louis le'4Cape Dasmihe, Pittospdrum, Salvias Passiflora, Bou-" The f ;ct is that all these public demonstrations aregot up and mans'ged by cliques. This is no objectionto them of course, since there are cliques and alwayswill be. in churches^ inpolitics, and in all humau iosa-tutipns and concerns. Bat it should be.understood, bythose who read the same names appended to all sortsof public calls, and mixed up with all sorts of publicbails and diunen>, that they are only a small-'part-of thewealthy and influential residents of this city. Thecliqueiem to wbich I refer originates in the Chamber ofCommerce. The active members of that venerablebody nrp few, but they contrive, by tact and talent, toalways keep themselves before the community as therepresentatives of New-York s greatness. Tney are\ eightetntiiyear, and some live to be seventy-six and older. Tbey are generally courageous, quarrelsome, and of strong animal ^wations. It is their belief thatthe nee of this drug preserves them qulte'etrong aud healthy, and protects tbem from sickuesf of all kinds; though, in fact, many of them end their days upon beds of dinease.•m'-POISONING BY LEAD CONTAINED IN SNUFF.—One of the German medical journals, gives an account by Dr. Wicke, of a case of poisoning by lead contained iaMthe Territories'to resist. AT.d we hope to have alltbe present Territories admitted as Free States theveryattemptt.rconquerthemlookslikefanaticism.should not be worn as part of a travelmg cos- tumejisthe ' improvement'. of »his my present dis- course. Anything more needlessly inconvenient than that-mamma'stumblingoverintothepewamongher children, and trying to lie down in her umbrella-ou- edge instead of a night-gown, could not easily be con- trived. One other utilitarian suggestion: Laddcs4P «Toombs in his "Lecture" on Slavery in Boston, de-this fact, and so save them from hnjaadliaiing perfitfious- nies that there was any positive aotion by that Con- pact and interested in its due fulSllment. [ s*lves to he iropoMd *vP'>nre«D*cting ar»ything French.lowing: One mile in seven minutes thirteen seconds; You will see a great and sudden reaction bathe publie 2. So far as our bhservatiori extends, we see no twomiler, fifteen minutes twenty seconds; and four mind soon. Common seise, aided by the publicationi*•««when they are permittt 1 to run and romp for hilf anboor, being incited to a< tive exercise by the exertionsof a smaU boy, who als > has instructions to allow no<•.a dog to a eportaman is to discover, by his keenness of kinds easily grown, and toincrease the number and va- riety as experience and skill are acquired.scent, the whereabout hi the birds, and then, when " We cannot, of conrse, within tne limits of a singlebranch of bm-inens 1 „ u Suppose, some fine morning; they should take a notion to en-^theirs it ia to eat* to drink, to be exceadipg merry, . wkile, with the pert >dical ?ettlem«nt of the inevitablebis ally, that is, point in the same direction. AShould-.lodging, and attendancejand of course the high price secures tbe presence of only those animals which hold an aristocratic rank in [the world, common ours hot being able to s*and tbe pemiliary pressure. The elect and chosen ones of the canine society of New-York, New-Jersey,' and Pennsylvania, are here, together with a sprmkling of the chivalry from .New-Orleans.Political differences are comparatively unknown. North and South d veil amicably togethei-—the most perfect freedom of bark is tolerated, and as yet there has been no instance of the untimely slaughter of a Northern dog for the) utterance of a! Lincoln and Hamlin jelp, nor has any Southern animal came to sudden grief by reason of a Breckinridge howl.Itmustbeby no means supposed that Mr. Sand- ford » attentions to his affectionate flock cease when he has provided t»>em with food and lodging; bynomeans. Mr.Sisnotonlytheircaterer,thtirbountifulpro- vider, but also their guk e, philosopher, and friend. In sborv be undertakes all the details of their complete education. Under bis [fostering care, a worthlesswhelp rises to the level of usefulness, and becomes anindustrious,self-supportinganimal; adeveloperof thethus overcome, m a small degree, one of Jhe chief ob- stacles to the successiul culture of plantain rooms. Tbe table should be fitted with rollers,,to facilitate the operation of watering and cleaning tho plants, and also for the purpose of moving it back from tbe. window during very cold nights. The flower-stands in common use are altogether unfit for a room; the surplus water, dead leaves, & c , fall to the floor, injuring the carpet, and giving the room an untidy appearance. The table above described is free from these objections, be- side having positive advantages for the successful growth of plants which no ordinary flower-stand can possess." All rooms do not possess equal advantages for growing plants. A room with large, high windows, looking to the south, is the best; the next best is one with a..southeast or southwest exposure; next, east; next, west; and the least desirable of all, one looking toanypointnorth. Alargebay.windowwithasouthr em exposure possesses many advantages'for growing plants, quite eqnal in many cases, and snperiorin some, tothosestructuresabsurdlycalled"plantcabinets," unless the latter he intended for the preservation of dried specimens, the only purpose for which most of them are fit. A basement window with a southern, ex- posure will sometimes aoswer tolerably well, but a room in tbe upper part of the house is always to be preferred.Havingsecured,atabletandselectedaroom, thenextthinginorderwillbe a collectionofplants;has. , It will lose New-Mexico under Lincoln as it(practically) lost California under Gen. Taylor. equally resolved with myself to take my place. Untiltbeir embarrassments were probably as instructive as. 16.9 in France—a very near equality.any that could be selected for description. Thearrange- In England and Wales, to every 1,000 girls, 1,045 mentspbr tbe night were already made when they en- boys were horn, and 102 males died to «t«ry, 1W tered—a fashionable young mamma with three spoiledchildren, and'the grandmamma, a belle f in fossil,' of females; but there are mjore females than males Kving perhaps fony years' of age, accompenied by the colored- in flbgland, and out cjf equal numbers living, 105 n|urse—and this, one pew with its hammock were all males died to every 100- females, the average in 21 t^at remained unoccupied. Tne tired children wereeasily disposed of, and so were the bonnets for thenape of the neck, and the several instalments of falsehair; and then the sleepy, negress collapsed into thecjorner of the car like a' carpet-bag—but. how the' missus-es' were to attain and maintain their respec- ofbdysamohg the illegitimate births is larger thari tive ho izontehj, with hooped tkirts, was. the difii-cjalty! And tbat tbis article of feminine bip-ocracy'•' I1:.-.9may be moved to the middle of the room; and if the we assure Mr. Gorton that the whole matter hasplants should unfortunately get frozen, darken the general impression that they are hard to raise, and are remarkable physical strength, with Wack hair, and marked. The^ hbsor^tionof lead by^he snuff-uker isroom and throw cold wafcer'over them repeatedly till been well considered, and- that the People are not an unprofitable crop. We have the moat abundant ma*culine/ and regular features, and Ins character is mainly by tbc^tcmach. The snuff is conveyed to the:£and yet he has never sold $10 worth of birds in the course of a long and active life. He holds that a potj . ,Persons with no refinement of taste often imagineThis,ofcourseisnottrue. Itwould-losesomeofits value, but not all. The prohibition was allowed to'banters ever shoot a bit d at rest. Tbe dog must range or "qoarter" the Beld systematically, so as as to leave no part of it unbeaten—he mu*t not flush the game until hie master is prepared for a shot, and be must find and briojg in the dead birds, whish isV. Fowler to the office of Postmaster-General. What'relief, in such a ca«e, wonld the people.have?' *•• Wouldw,lo!S* • *^*^New-YorkandvicinityToreqealificaMona required hy Mr. Sandford in a^ pupil a-e speedandagoodnoee;bywbfchhe metrienaturalthouldnaveasunnyexposure. Insectsshould,betyakod after, and destroyed ou""their first acpearsnce; a little atteotioninthis'waywiH'keeptheimiieedfromsuch-Bin:; Y our rnyky to '*A Roman's Qaestionsj oh Marriage,"in"THESBMLWEEKLYofAugu*t24,has1 roggested the following inquiries, which you will allow^ver:^tM",00-0trfes"*'a l"arge proportion of Wwhich arfk* ha lengusgea*- ' ! i ^ • !fr,y~**'gg -. --• • . .-;-.---~*:-:z-z?ZT73T-wm WNEW-YORK DAILY TRffiUNE, SATURDAY, SEPTEMBER 8, 1860.J, 4 •*m i.." 't•attrsy tiwrottg'-ly di-kec^ed in a olever book pnbfiahe i keenness of scent. Theoe two conditions being au--that well nigh half the fruit has been taken off to pre- .,.._,, . ., being now in Paris, Writes *as fol- lows to The.London Morning Posha y«w or two ago, yroicb gives a good,idea of the way »»«r<d, he engages to do the rest. •For the complete . It has been objected by soaae that it is unhealtby tovent the breaking of the limbs. The orchard was' es- - *I have stall no reason to doubt tbat matters will be pecially rich in the best varieties, among which we ob- brought to a 8Vi«factor< result here. Upto the presentomn'vor a. znaa baa. r.ia daily br*ad served np by hi* edu<*atjon of a scholar, the price is $50, with.fifty cents keep plants in rooms; but their arguments lack cc-rm^i&^Tteent:-,;*' " ", •'•''' -:••-^•?•.•.• ^•.;--- < ••'.man—where caois mly feeds, while homo looksTo the Editor nf The N. Y. Tribune.'PERSONAL..feverish nt d cause tbe loss of their keenness of scent, nesa of the air: this may h» a measure be^overcome by a but in the colder season they axe oarnivorously in-' table suitably constructed, and the se'ection of- plantsiusoription: , ;-\indulged,and have m«*t once'a day, atnight. InBummer they breakfast at 6"$,in Winter, at 8. Theyare allowed aO the water they want. After breakfasttbey are permitted to romp about till noon in close«}naxt*rs—at noon they are ted again, after which theybest adapted to a dry atmosphere. The table should, be thelengthoftbe window,andtwoorthreefeet.wide* the boards being tongned and grooved. Around the edge nail a strip three inches ycide, making the corners fit tight. The table is then to be filled with two inches of clean white tand. With a table of this kind, thefoliage of the plants can be frequently syringed or' " , V" "''THBODOICB P ABKBR,,' •, ^". 'Bora a*.Jjexi^gton, Mass., ' United Siates of America,'*^r,•Britain—England,* Ireland;'Sect'and.and Wales—in thebare an hour'a rna oven the fields, always under the sprinkled with water, which keeps them clean and prorespwrvieion of the attendant. At sundown they are motes their health;*the drippinirs and surplus water are caugbt ai d absorbed by the sand and the floor of thefed again, after which they retire to their various beds room is thus sept clean; the sand, indeed, ought to beis the Federal Government, throughthe action of its^Democratic agents and contract-' a similar one, and by the Lectures which I am everyn a eleeping-car on a Western railroad,Hs follows: '" 962 persons married, and 1,405 "died, leaving a g«n of I " As this aleeping-cir has no curtahis and accommo- 675 as the result of the day. Rather more than twice dates both gentlemen and ladies, as do tbe other cars, as many are bom m a year as ire married. To 1,000the going to bed, and the getting up in the morning,cjonetitute embarrassing portions of its dormitory ex- persons living in the. two countries, the births in the perience. A very styhsh family on their way North, year were 34 in Great Britain, 27 in jPrauce—« verywho C8me on board from the junction with the South- etTiking difference. The deaths, 23 in Great Britain,ern Railway at the Ksskaskia River, occupied the pew 24 in France. Persons married. 15 5 in Great Britain, andham'mockimmediately forward of our own, andand forget the world tiflmorning.The terms are, 50 centw a week for hoard, washing, fuse itself amoog the plants and through the room,' andors, that is constantly pushing Slavery into theTerritories. Put the Government into. Republisanhands, and let it exert an inflaence on the side ofSlavery Restriction like that it now exerts" on theside of Slavery Extension, and Slavery will gainno more ground, hut begin to lose that it alreadywhere giving onthis subject, 'to create agitation, and I most fervent y bope, interest, of some general move- ment of a rt forma'ory character on this subject.. It but remains forme, Sir, to apologize for my own share :in this work. I am a Spiritualist, and a "notorious" one —I know as such I am.objectionnble to all but my own friends; I can only say to this—that my earnest eifort is to make the movement' wholly unsectarian—not to intrude my views upon any t>ne and even, to withdraw my name from the work, provided I could find any oneres- urees of the country. Schooled by bis patient | and here we would drop a caution against accumulat-hand, an ignoranr puppypn due time becomes a miracle ing too large a number. Plants cannot be well grown of wisdom after the on of dogs; is competent to any where, or under any circumstances, when crowded together; it is always more satiafactory to grow a fewARSENICmade" to -the Vienna Academy of Sciences, in relation to the arsenic-eaters of Steiermark, south of Salzburg. In the north and north-west parte of the province is the proper home of the arsenic-s iters, of whom forty¥I• IVI< ,1 i.norant puppies with tw< legs only, Mr* Sandford does rooms, and which are least'impatient of neglect and changes in temperature. From our list of annualsnati for rather a late breakfast, and of course therewere several unwashed hours'in our eleeping-car, thebeds being remetamorphosed into seats, and the pronepassengers restored to their uprightness soon af•,er sun-rise. Really, one gets a startling appreciation iu this others still once or twice in tbe week. In Hartberg it way of the value (to ladies, especially) of combs andpupils He only teaches them the mysteries of bird Of perennials a good eelection may be made from the followJPg> takiog them somewhat inthe order in which shooting, and their proper part in that popular sport. •£kef~Bxe nam^d: Ge-anium (scarletand sweet-scented). He dtes not teach 'them to turn spits, doubtless be- Primula sinentis., Azalea, Epiphyllums (indeed, the cause we have no spits tso turn; nor does he show them whole Cacti family), Spinea Reeveaiana and prunifo- how to employ tbeir mujscle for the good of society, in folia, Roses (such as Hermosa, Agrippina^ Fragoeletta, &c), Heliotrope, LauroBtinus, Bulbs (such as Hya- tbe exercise of drawing garbage carts. Those, vulgar cinths, Naicissu8, Crocus, Ixias, Babianas, <fcc), Cal- pursuits are only suited to low-bred curs, whose la, Oranges, Lemons, Deutzia gracilis, Weigela rosia, plebeian blood would elver forbid their admission into Coronilla, Petunias, Cypripenctmm insignis, Hoya (orthe aristocra'ic establishment of the Half jWay House. their education at rather anSIR: In your 'eply to tbe letter df Charles McLoutbto-day, you U8e'thin expression: " The people .oY the United tle pamphlet is a notice .of tbe manner in which I^pro-gradually to a dote aa large as a pea, in quantity from tw o, four and a half, to five and a half grains. Some take the arsenic acid, others every other day, and. .__._._ Ve do not recommend the young earlier pe kd than those of. the race homo, a dog being vardia. .Fuchsia- Wthe people, yet they hold their office " during good behavior."That is. they hold their office for H/e,'provided they neither be-Ilieved by me.to b» good history, and I have hea-d the tbe second dog range ah*ad and flush the birds his co- same announced frequently by political speakers;:without legal sanctioD8, but the power to punish aviolation of the marriage contract is not by legalhas long been known as a poet and churchman,';—Seven miles within tbe hour has been about theYou remember that charming old lady, Madame Wol- lev's land'ady, whom we visited, who ^remarked, ' Pauyre John Bull, quaud on ventenlever son argent, on lui fait peur de nous!' I am a»haxned of the child-»» ! Hil, have they nang it to da. Who wonld not be a adjutor had firss pointed, he would cover himself witho*og if »o to be is td:be deHvered from the tyranny of merited disgrace, and remain a dishonored dog forever. but lately, tbe fact, if euch it be, has been denied; andvaluable directions tv SIR: Your, reply " to Mr. McLouth, iu THEour countrymen, cut off while far away from friends the foil enjoyment of their purchased accommodation, ,anfiiendly fighting among his little flock. Thay are crease the number of those who grow TOOn plants. It you don't cbnaider fool^Bh-I .hould like to have.explained. >lkept constantly wet, and even watered for this purpose, if necessary. The evaporation from the sand wiu.dif-um. From the press generally, I must admit that I earn hie own living, aoc therefore entitled to take an well than grow many indifferently.' In making a list, Slavery, yet which the Supreme Court could not have met with kind and just treatment; for the mosthonorable place among j e workers of the world. Ig- we name only those which we know to succeed well in nullify.' ' \not condescend to educ —more's the pity, given last month mey be selected Schizanihus, Lobz- POWERS OF THE SUPREME COURT.Only in the canine fik arts does Mr. S. instruct his ha, Myssum, Mignonnette, Mathiola, and Ageratum. To the Editor etf the N. Y. Triburie.Wax-plant), Verbenas, Stevia, Daphne, Carnatioamateur to make so large a selection, unless several come in* aye, nor ore-hnpoached for official, misconduct, such as old enongh to be put to school at one year of age, windows are fitted for the purpose of plant-growing, taking bribes, or the like. .though his. progress will be more satisfactory if he or unlese the selec.ion is confined mostly to one plant How ore th*y th.n- accountable .to the people? or are theypoe*pone bis A B C till he has reached the ripe age of of a kind. A good selection for a-beginner would be a not a bench of irresponiuble men, who have it in their power, if two j ears. An animal of average quickness of com- few pota of Alyssum, Mignonnette, Lobelia, Gerani- they choose, to put a stop upon, any wheel of Government, or,um, Primula, Azalea, Calls, Cacti, Coronilla, Helio- with a'mandamus, to set in motion whateverthcy choose? How prehei_ion will complete his education in eight or nine trope,' Spiraea, Orange, Lemon,, Petunia, and some* may tb'ey bf prevented Bhould they »ee fit to enjoin an individ-months. It is hardly necessary to say that the use of bulbs. It is better tobegin in a small way with a few ual from bringing a suit aflaw, of even from carrying on anytbe attention of the ma I ia drawn to tbe " point," to article, give directions for the cultivation of the plants join the Senate or. House of .Representatives from passing a: ebrwjy move on at the word, and "flush" or scare up we have named; we can only add a few brief remarks Tariff-bill; or suppose they should forbid the .President elect on their general treatment. One of the most important (Lincoln, for instance), taking his seat on tbe 4th of next .March,tbe bird*, which are she ton tbe wing. None hutpot- things to be attended to is watering; the plants sh6uld or should Is-ne a mandamus to compel the appointment of laaac' • • ' . . .No. 8 Fourth avenue, Sept. 1,186^..JBMMA H A R D I N G ^ . -always tbe first to propose and the best to manage, snuff. The symptoms were violent attacks of cohc,popular movements like tho one in-honor of the ^noce which first awakened suspicion that the patient wasof Wales, at d, of conrse, theirnamet and those of their beii g poisoned by lead. No source could be found forChamber of Commerceassociates:are.always onfallcommittees to the exclusion of outsiders. But then such pcieon; except in the large quantities of snuffthey do their work well, and pay their own babuls, which he took. The snutl' was chemically examined,not be allowed, to wilt for want of water, but theyshould not be watered till the surface of the pot be-comes dry, and then enough should be given to go en-tirely through the ball of earth. The plants should be and removal? RespectfaUy, , frequently syringed or sprinkled overhead, and kept Wettchctttr, N. Y., Aug. 10, 1860. J- *• GOKTUN. clean, and free from dead leaves. Extreme changes of IKejjlff.—Oxir coirespondent is mistaken; Thecalled " retrieving." Tihe various words of command temperature should be avoided as much as possible; a People are practically above the Courts they have*re "goon," "atop," "gown charge," etc., all of which moderately low temperature is to be preferred in aroom to a nigh one; since, in the absence of a strong created. Congress and the President may atthethoroughlyeducatesttdogwillobeywithcomplete" anddiffusedlight,toomuchwarmthwillcausethe tbeir discretion aad ten (or more) newintelligence. It follows that the quadrupeds, in. the academy of Mr. Sandf4rd are for the moat part p&iat- ers, spaniels, setters, and terriers. Young dogs, are tuegbt to point dead birds; their practice on the HviDg game begina in the Spiring, when the snipe first come ia. When a dog will hunt snipe, quail, partridge, and woodcock, he is eojasidWeducated, and straightway receives from the hand of Mr. Sandford a diploma and th» highest honors. A dog may be a good hunter till• he has attained the venjarahle age of twelve years, hut. Sm> We want to say a few words .about Pears. The choicer varieties of pears are undoubtedly among the finest fruits of the country! but they are always so extravagantly high that people generally scarcely know howtheytaste.WeBeethemonthefruitstandsand they look most inviting, bat the price is absolutely pro-v[r0Ht to drawn out, and then expose them gradually j hopelessly, at the mercy pf one of their own tn-,proof that this is not so. -' ..'—j' While epending a few days at Newark,. Wayne County, N. Y.; we chanced to visit the pear orchard olBaid to b^ diatinguished by its frankness, nobiUty, andpalate in small quantities, and thence downward to theMr t ' * '•••-•<•! -•'.'stomach.-'-.-<• •• .•••• ..-i , . . . . . . . •-• • -.- . - . - • > " -s; ;'•'• > :*•!to the light. In this way we have saved plants when] *the ball of earth has been frozen as hard as a brick. | bunals.Ed. Tri6.].Thomas M. Tryniski 309 South 4th Street Fulton New York 13069generoeity.Before coming to France, he had passedTo the Editor of The N. Y. Tribune:;.-**•.»-•."!,.•>.•—»<*»*'.,;''. *'"tflandlords &r& the thraldom of boarding-housekeepers ? To thoroughly impress upon the minds of his pupils I have no means that iHcnow'of, ofproving its trarh.•-, marnagej the State becomes a party to the com- greatest speed in walking; hut a Mr. Hall, iu a matchWf o wonld not pur«haee immunisyfrom the weeklypaying-op, at the c ieap ca«t of a shiny collar and a Jbogling chain 1Theestablishmentofwhichwearetospeakisnot emy,HalfWayHome,Jersey. in Hew-Y ok, bnt '.SFew-Jersey, being situated fourmiles from Jersey C ity, on the old turnpike roa'd to-wardNewark.TheplaceiscalledtheHalfwayHouse,aad the landlord thereof is named Oacar Sandford.And Oesar takes dojp to board, and Oscar, moreover,, that their parlors are most decorated when tilled with remain, and, we have aright to a»*su^rte, not unconstitu-makes a good thing of it, sometimes as many as 30 gorgeous furniture, carpets, and gaudy pictures. tionally, or in contravention of the Constitution as un- To the Editor of The N. Y. Tribune. regolar canine boarders assembling round his quadru- EenGe the painful splendor which prevails in the derstood by'thnt and succeeding Congresses.nees, t y s o outrageous a breach of canine courtesy, istbe crowning care of Prof Sandford of the Bog Acad- wss. made in reference; to the ofli es of Governor and danger from an: exce8»ive proneness to self-sacri-PARLORFLOWER-CULTURE.itoryjpne, heVavs nothing was done,-and thus the act, as a precedenat is valuel'SB.The other questions, to save space, we have answered in brackets above.—[Ed.• I- '/*iSi1 1But was there a positive ihaorseiiient of the Ordin- pedaltable. ItUbynomeansanew-fanglednotion, hcTjsesofOurfaebiimahlefamilies. TheFrench,how- ancesasawhole?.' " This little Hero tint lies.hereSIR: I send herewith a litth pamphlet of a design I Was conquered by the Diarrhoea." > tion on the part of the noble Swiss nation is a brilliantlor Oscar has himself heen in the business for more ever, possessing so much delicate appreciation of the than 20 years. He ii a short, small man, clad in "stur- Beautiful, cause. their rooms, however poorly fur-Answer this, and yon will oblige many fri^ndi ber3. Truly, F.H.GUIWITS.haveformedfortheameliorationoftheconditionof —ThefuneralofMrs.Grandine,anoldladywho recompensefortbelittleIhavebeenabletodoinfa-1-omeleBSand outcast females, and I entreat you, Sir. recently died on Staten Island, aged 95 years, was at- vor of the liberty of tbe peoples, and I shall he grate- not to turn from it, or lightly peruse this letter until tended by twenty persons who were over 80years old.you have taken those points into consideration for ful to you all my life. Italy advances with a firm audidy fustian.; basake«n, observing eye, and sports a huge mustache. His manner is pleasant, and he im- presses the obfervei as being a man of kindly heart, and the natural infer« ace is that bis hairy boarders are well taken care of.The styl» of dogs a; Mr. Sandford's establishment is el*vat* d—no curs of ow degree being tolerated. All his dogs are hunting dbgs, highly prized by tbeir own- ers, and soone of them held at prices so high as toselection of carpets, furni<ure-cpvering, wall-paper,and OTrtains with regard to harmony of color, make aroom attractive and invhi9g, even if the several ma-jivoca, N. Y., Septl, 1860.and George Washington as -President approved—-August 7, 1789—" An Act to provide for the Gov-of my travels over this continent as „a lecturer, I often will, without foundation, claim the honor of haviug br< therly sympathies of the sons of William Tell willgress, either affirming or annul in?, butthat some changeSecretaryoftbeNorth-WestTerritory. Iurelationtothe sixth s> ction of the Ordinance, which is the prohib- fice, hut rafher from the opposite.miles;inthirty-twominutesexactly. Thislatteristhe highest point of speed on record.—-In-the cemetery at Lanesville, M^se., may he seen an epitaph that well deserves a place among the col- lections of the curious in tbeee matters. On a stone placed at the grave, of a child there is the following in- scription:of tbe new French tariff, will put an end to tha panic."—A committee of Swiss patriots having forwardedl to Garibaldi, through Major Ott, of the Federal army, a magnificent rifle, received the following letter from tiie General: " Swiss patriots: The generous gift of a rifle, which I bave received from you-, through Major Ott; has been very gratifying to me. This manifesta-•-~.*V-~~:~^i^iX.herence aid force, and we are compelled to record our , JDoeythe validity 6^ "the mirriage covenant depend served tbe Bartlett's, Louise Bonne de Jersey, Duchess moment I hav% experienced nothing but candor and-. per week extra fb'board. ) expedience against the position. We believe th*m, on upon the sanction of the civil law ? or is it established j d'Aogeleme, Vergabeu and Winter Nellis all in fine siraigbtforwardnes* in my dealings with the French Jn addition to his other cares, Mr. S&dford under- the contrary, to he conducivei'to health, hot only Iry by the assertion of the parties themselves that they 1 cordfiion A more lnxuriant yield of fruit we never Government while' all the mJereprewntation, fh?se- art>eto<-'»ticmansionofMadiaonavenue,wherethe take*th*physician'*«*nfy.andisresponsibleforthe theirsoot.birgandcheerfulinfluenceonthemind,but haveaffreed"tolivetogetherafter:God'sholydrdi- isaw,'andtheprofitsofthecrop,judgingfromwhatwe bood,anddifficulties^hichIhavebadtoencounter Jadt.iaittdaced to give a few genUamen.'' all the com- as purifiers of the ai»",, so.that all may indulge tbeir nance of matrimony,'? See. 7••'(!."] learned from Mr. Lee, together with the price demand- have come from tbe EagHsb side of t><e Channel. he*hh of hie inte^e'ting family. He has never had a tastes wiibout tbe least apprehension of injury to tbeir Does infidelity on the part of r,he man or woman frte ed for such fruit m New-York, will be almost fabutoat*. Notbmg difgusts roe more than the cowardice and want "fcrtaofahome,merelyforthe8-lreoftheirc^m- doggomadinallbis20yearsexrjerfence,andhewill lealth. Wehivenoroomforah'argumenthers,but theotherfromtheohligationaofthecompart,,evenbe-? : :ThisorchardwasplantedhythelateMr^Bl*ckmer, ofhonestprincipleinourownpolitician*. 4Anything ^pawy"—from'the >pin'_-eatnratedd«rtof"the Cht- undertaketocureanydogofth*manse,andrguirah- webehevethatereryvegetablephyBiologistwillsus- fore.ga;dcompacthasb>endeclarednullandvoidbya butatbis.deathwasinsuchdisfavorwithttefarmers foramoroeirarycrywhichmay<riveatriumphovera n#!»e cigar sellers, !o the perfnmed parlors of the t*e a perfect restoration of his hair. With which two tain our position; if ne will not, .then, in our opinion, minister of tbe land? [No.l •••'•••.•»•.;••-: • .- | .of the region that the trees were considered of little or political opponent' eeexna to be the motto of onr partylaarflady* No /cba-ao»eritic easing e«tabH8hm«nt, from tbe mailer board>gbouw of Cherry street, to thebtcbelor backer, eacsped the observation of tha sbarp-ey^O ga*iTonoinic biographer. Bat did he think that cure we dismiss the medical part of the subject.:boarding kongea are an evfl inddent only to hntnan anxmala^ and that Itndladfes a e a n inacrntable dis- pensation oi Providence for the exclusive chastisementhe bassomething to learn. We commend room-plants In a word.:. Has the civil government the right ormen. You will see tbat in less than a couple of years all our politicians will he esger enough to e%hn tho merit of having always been ^friencly to the Frenchinstances of hie,knowledge both of prevention andMr. Sandford's skill with the gnju is matter of hietory, fined to the house; they will cbeer maoy a lonely hour.- recognition, wb>n.'tbey have forfeited their claims to r n«s, by rareful ansrl seMntifie cultore. brought <he orch- treaty. Tbe naragraph you enclowd fromaletter into all who have a room in which to grow tbem, and pOwer to marry people, or ionly that of recognizing especially to the ladies, who are necessarilr much con tbem Hs husbands and wives, and of withdrawii g eucaand afford a balm.to many a wounded heart.he considered such ? I '-\ ard to such a oofdirJon. tbat its present year's yield of The'N. Y. Times, giving a conversationof mine, iaWben'one of the parties baa proved unfaithful,;has ttie pear treet will go far, toward paying the price paid one of tho*e rascally acts of eavesdroppmg for whicheither orbave both: the right to form new matrimonial fortbftland. ; i, , American newspaper writers a«e so notorious. .There of men and women ? Did he nerar awalre to the idea hunter is not fit tobreak dogs.and as he desires nothing LETTERSFROMTHEPEOPLE. connections with others 7 [No.f Ought not, at least, • If other farmers could be induced to <ro into the cul- is a good deal of the paragraph Agrees' with what Ihave thovght; but whether I expressed it in private conversation is morp than I coujd swear to, as no one expectstobemaderesponeihleforprivategossip.that aven the canine race is thus afflicted, and that to dietract bis attention from the best. training of histhe guilty one to be considered as having proved him-ttere are certain boarding esabliahmenta designed for pnpils, he never shoots for the market. self (or hen>elf) unworthy and incapable of fulfilling to them a most abundant return, and tend to bring tbe•*"Tray.BlancheandSweetheart,thelittledogsand" a l l " bnt where :^o daily dinner is provided for The final touch to the perfect work which Mr. Sand-ture of the pear, we are persuaded that it would yield DH>THEFIRSTFEDERALCONGRESSRAT- tbeconditionsoftherelation?[Yee.,1,, finestfruitof'.'thecountrywithinthereachofall.With a concluding remark, we leave the subject. / IFY THE ACT OF 1787? ' In'regard to. self-sacrifice, I wou)d ask whether it ; - : • ' ' j ••••'• may not be carried to excecs, and thus become morbid,J . I . H . There ougbt to he the pnnubment of the pfllorv or the ctocks revived for thc-se who publish in hewspapere the unguarded remarks which, fall from a man in pri- vate conversa*ion, when he frequently speaks merely to provoke a reply and k e p p-ople from going to pJeep oyer too serious an interchange of yiewa,v. *Ne; £ , did Dot help tbe Emperor to prepare his pamphlet about theEnglishandFrencharmiesandnavies. Takemy word for it, however, that, there is a vast <?eal of sys- tematic lying in Eoglond about tbe Fren**h armauvmts. .and even criminal? • . ^ ' '•" J ••'•"'•It is certainly, noble, magnanimous to hold the mere baagry on ? As tbie neld has not attractei the atten- make them recognize the one only rule of honor that the fir*tTjnit*d. Stares CongreBS that met afrer the gratification of desire as of li'-tile consequence, and to beford n>akf s of tbe educat on of his beloved pupils is toSIK: Willyou, in your Weekly, inform me.whether—Arthur Cleveland Coxe, .D. D., rector, of Grace _i n of more diadogn shtd writera, be ours the ta*k to obtams among canine aristocrats. Thnsitrnns: When adt^ption of the Federal-Constitution in '89, ratified*)r . willirrgto reliriquish tbe happiness of a lifetime, oven Church, Baltimore, and formerly rector of St. John's_rat tell tbo world rf the mysteries of a Dog Boarding- two dogs are ranging a Held, and one makes a point, reaflirmed the Ordinance, of '87 ? •Sif »be voice of God demands it; hut nre there not some Church at Hartfordv has been unanimously elected sacrifices [2]whihnohumanbeinghasarighttoUovse. Gaydogsaiethey,whoarethusprovidedfor theo'hers-nhonldinstantly«topinhistracksaddback\The aflirmative of this, postulate has always been be-make, which no circumstanceB can justify V " E L L A . , i President of Trinity College, in the latter city, vice : 1. The validity of a marriage . may' be perfect the Eev. Dr.. Goodwin, resigned. The new Presidentmated,thananenthusiasticsportsmanofferedthe inthesunlightofawindow,is"athiugofbeauty Harperessay(seeDAILY.TRIBUNEofOct.15, Thegreatquestionthatbelongstothissubjectis,how formtheaverageAme.<icanfeediogtimeITwoand•EnglandfromAmerica,inNovember,1859,wastheVoyer $200 for his pure, lase, which offer was refased. One animal of unusual sagacity and wisdom was h»ld by his owner at $400, t nt at this moderate figure buy-ia the highest stylo of art by bis own ex- ite own, with its diurnal evaporation of moisture bychance of earning an honest* livelihood they are com- was raised against this act of '89 in either branch pelled to return to the Btreete for mere^bread. I havehas been to rear plants in the dry air of the room, axd Senate, as the Federal Constitution requires, and tbe -chief difficulties lying, in tbe way of reform andpersons, who so gormandizingly "bolt" their food, within tbe last few days, Mrs. Putnam writes that she lounge lazily about the portico for the ten or fifteen and her party, during the whole passage to the United]ers were not plenty. Mr. Sandford gives his per- this evil has been much aggravated since the introduc- leaves the Anti Slavery portion of the original act firovifion for thise unhappy persons appears to be the sonal attention to tbe canine kitchen, and the bathing with which they are regarded by-the wor'd,food (for his four-lejged gueits is dished np tion of that modem household pest, the hot-air fur- entirely m touehed, and in full force and effect. and hence their^ expulsion from all the ordinarynace. The Wardian case,- having an atmosphere of And so it has remained ever since. Not a veice branches of female industr/, until shouldered out of auminutes they bave to spare, not .taking the opportunity to wash, though they seem uneasy a? to what they shall do with themselves.States, on her return voyage by the Arabia, were ad- mitted to all the rights and privileges of firrt.cIasB pas- sengers, without opposition on the part of' any pone, even though shareholders were on board, or any (fail- ure in tbat courteous treatment which was their due. She speaks also of tbe polite and kind attention of some/ ofherfellow-passengers.I*isipossible,therefore,fox the Directors of the Cunard Company so to instructperienced hands. Th»> routine in as follows: Assoon as they wake from their peecefal slum-bera, whirh they . generally do at a prettyearry hour, say5a..mM they are turned roughHandlingofchildren.InouremergencyThe THEJUDGESONSLAVERYINTHETERRI- Icese in a ftwall park of three-quarters of an acre,—The Florence correspondent of The N. Y. Times .t writes as follows:day and deposit of dew by night, is of course an excep- tion to this rule; but these cases.are too expensive for persons of small means, and liable to accident from the- Ed.endeavor ed to meet this by. founding a«chool of scientifichortjcnbnre, an a r t untried by females on this conti-nent, though succeeefully earned on by them in manypartsoiEurope.Ihaveconsultedagr^atmanyhorti-culturists on the subject, and'they have shown me that itwould be remunerative enough to make ths instituJooself-sustaining ;;. that by..the proper division of labor,and especially the(..appheation of chemistry, and suchscien.e as would supersede excessive labor, that such ' and borne, bas found its last repose. The body of while under their care, and to preserve the official flagof Congress. 'u." We should be glad to do or say something to in- VSB of the 14th Inst., brought to my, mind a question which—If" T h e Swiss Protestant Cemetery, un^er the shadeofcypresstreesandthegrayoldwallsofFlorence,isinteresting to Americans, as well as to pilgrims fromother countri*s wbere the religion of Luther and otherReformers prevails. There the dust of a number of the captains of their vessels as to insure to all personsHorticulturist comes to the rescue,, and gives these' ' /TORIES..' TRIB-HOPE FOR THE LOST.nished, to possess a certain charm, which is a wonderto tbe vulgar opulent of other nations^ The judicious Answer.—The-first Federal Congress passed, which 1 have ventured to address you. In the course —It is hoped and believed that no young woman decided step toward political independence. Thean"occnpation w"oul5 beTight," heaithful"^ ch'e^fulJanid Theodore Parker lies in'that hallowed inclosure. He'„ true tbat plants cannot be as well grown in rooms as In the event of Mr. Lincoln'* election—of which no one can l v - * . . . o .' .-T*. •**» y ««A«M «•«" was the laat one buried, and probably the most illus- of her Majerty'e mail packets from being dishonored bysiatiDg of mush and mill:, of which they have all,they ingj there, are some^kinds that may be grown and hl» choice should interfere to prevent the spread or introduction choose to eat. In fact, this homely but wholesome dish flowered in a manner quite satisfactory, and with re-, of Slavery in the Territory oveir'which they preside, and the-in the pamphlet, though there are many, points which I could .not there touch upon, which I conceive may grow out of this movement- For in- stance1, a new and profitable employment may open up to these, persons from the preparation,of herbs, roots, dried fruits, candies, pickles, preserves an • d ugs—all hithtrto engrossed by "men or imported from otuer COUBtrieB. I hope by making these women useful, and 4rovingthem, (asI faithSuliy believe,nayinow they are) capable of reform, to create a revulsion in popular opinion in their favor, and crwate also a respectful de- mand for service which is special,with them, and not subject to competition with othere—perhaps.by the'suc- ceps of one Institution to induce every State to adoptserfourtyentertaln a doubt—suppose the Governor, or Judges of . snhieefs. Tbe main idea of the design is-embodiedInterference to be unconstitutional ? Yours truly, for Lincoln and Hsimlin,• . C. E. SHATTTJCK.4mfddleor"1858was22,626,334.andtheexceeaof births • .. children born alive was 959,676, 351,346 persona:tOvxuno, Mich. Ansicer.—ItDied at Florence, May 10, I860.' " .. ;—Mr. Willis, in The Home Journal, philosophi- were married, and 513,188 died; so that on an average cally narrates a mght's 'experiehces and observations' upon every day in the year 2,080 ehOdren^were born,Planters are rarely pioneers in Slavery Extension. I do n>y heart is wrung with the misery I see around me among these hapless beings, and my Woman'sArmj officers, Amoy contractors, Mail contractors, nature .revolts 'with shame at -.he cruel inhumanityIndian Agents, Land officers, and other Federal functionaries have already planted Slavery "inUtahwith which I see them treated, and the utter indiffer- ence which other Sects manifest when I appeal for help in this cause. " They are utterly lost, incapable of reform, and the supply is too vast ever to diminish.''years being 107. The births are al ways meat numer- ous in the first half of the year. ' There were 43,305 children born out of wedlock in the yeajr, or one in every .15 'of all the children born alive. 1 he proportionand New-Mexico, and will diffuse and fortify it ia &o. Tbese.are the responses I everywhere meet with,all Territories if the Government shall remain, inDemocratic hands. But give us a Republican j Ad-rjoinistjatit.n, and there will sbon be no Slavery inuntil I find that that- if one whom I reverently believe God has inspired with the hope and purpose to do them good fails them, their case is hopeless indeed, aud I.myself''guilty in not pressing forward, no matter what are the obstacles. That they are so great that• among the legitimate by about two iu every hundred. Tbemarriagesofminorsincrease. The proportion of minors in 10,000 persons marrying increased from 885 in 1843 to 1,212 in 1858. The marriages in 1858 were less than the average. The mortality was high. The number of merchant seamen at sea is calculated at 177,832, and 3,486 deaths at sea among this claw are. should be provided in these eleepiiigcars, as an articleof indispensable furniture. Tho still, handsome grand-mammaofourSouthernpartywastosleepaloneinthehammockoverhead—andnowwasshetogetthen-?An active boy, in his most williug pair of week-daypantaloons, would have considered it quite a climb—forit was eix or seven feet from the; floor, and nothing tostep,upon but the backs of the'seats—and, crinoline totbe contrary, notwithstandirg, the asoont was made—how (and how the cescent was made in the morning)" are known in the single district of Hartberg. TheyI of-course forbore to see. We were^to reach Cincin- begin with a dose the size of a millet-grain, and mountbefoie the close of Mr. Lincoln's term. Wecannotforeseethequestionsthat maybeI donot deny. I bave not a cent of my own, and bave lectured BOmuch for what Ldeemed ihe cause of truth,thatIhavenotreceived,anddonotnowreceio-e, for my most arduous labors, more than enough to pay my way and support my mother; and yet I propose tobrought before the Supreme Court respecting Slav-ery in the Territories, aud of course cannot predict raise some $50,000 to start this great work. My/only the decision;- }{et it is pretty safe to assume that course hi herto has been to appeal to', allreported for the year. .i,iI could think of like'y to aid in my wort, and to .give apubliclecturein'all'the.largeoitiesinwhichIamen« g«g*d,byway ofinteresting all whomIcouldgetto come to near me. I bave met with every possible dis-Ed. part tbey, at least, seem able to comprehend that even a Spiritualist may save a drowning wretch, without inquisition into her religious opinions- Iknow no »a- per in America so well able to serve this cause as; that which you control, Sir. Let me then entreat you tolook into-the matter, and question whether you can note '• '«-.theywillbeasfavorable.toSlaveryaspossible.Andyetwebelieveitpracticable"to frame anactot' Congress declaratory of the Rights of Man in all couragement as yet, but this I am prepared to encoun- Federal Territories, that would- ia effect abolish ter, in view of my weird reputation as a*Spirit Medi-EATERS.—Aninterestingreporthasbeenavd Will not help me. On the seventh page of my lit- " States, acting through the ballot-bd,x, are the ultimate tribunal. pose to dispose of the funds, not- one cent of which Ilooking-glasses, towels aod wit^r! To see the dear is tbe custom to cease with each new moon, and begin aDgels get up fr< m anigbt's sleep and sit up ' unmiuis- with relatively small doses.again. Immediately after" T h e y make and modify legislature*, laws, constitutions, " c'ourta." • - . : - . ••••••Now, while «ndcr onr .Republican Government the people certainly outfit to be the vltimatetribunal, I oonfosB it does not seem to me that they are. .i Although the Judges whd compose the Supreme Court, as well as the other United sWes Courts, are chosen by a power arnatiohs, elected by the people, andTare, therefore chosen, indirectly byever design to retain in my hands.. There too are the names and addresses of some of mv Trustees. Should noue of these be kuo wn to you, I beg to refer you to Mr. Charles Partridge, of New-xork; Governor Durkfe. of Wisconsin; Edward Webster, esq. of Sa- lem, (aho one of my Trustees) any one of whomwo.ald inform you more 'atlengb of myself and my move- ment. Also, Mr. Horace Day, of •New-'rorK. or many Others, if references are neeflf d. - 1 send my Post-Ofiice addreee, though after Thursday I biave. New-York for severhl months, but all lt-tters are forwarded on to me, and I conduct much of the business relating:to this movement, by correspondence. ' As my'present aim is 8o!»ly coLlintd to the • endeavor to raise funds to start with, I appeal to the presBfor notices, in the hobethat philanthropic, persons maybe thereby inducedto con- tribute; and it is with this view tbat I solicit your aid. I.do sofearfully, because I feel the greatimportknee of your cooperation, and yet I am emboldened in my re- quest by the entire disinterestedness.of my own position, Knd the agonizing cry for aid which is going up from the very heart of numanity in the directaoh I plead^for.1 am, Sir, most respectfully, yours, . •&•'texed to' in tbe betraying daylight, hour after hour, -is: taking arsenic, they forbear drinking or eating meat a lamentable disillneionizing of one's ideal!" and fatty substances. They are, in the average,— T h e New-York correspondent of TJie Charleston strong, healthy people, mostly of tbe working ilaasea, Mercury-seemB to be.diepleased with the arrangements such as woodmen, grocms, Ace Seldom do iemalee for the Prince of Wales's ball. Hear him: indulge in tbit practice. The men begin with theK u c h a c o u n e b e deemed a sufficient ground for'impeachment nnT TftVPEAR ^CULTURE.of The• N. Y. Tribune.so tbat the public cannot complain. Only they do noi monopolize all the dollars of, Nev* -York.' ,—General Wheat, of Nicaraguan notoriety, is about leavingtbia city to join Garibaldi. ',ar B 0 1 veB—X* * P !* ' j?i some details concerning PrinceNicolas"Potrovitch,thenewVladikaofMontenegroi. fand found t> contain two and a half per cent of metal- lic lead. Dr. Wicke is of the opinion that lead finds its j way into snuff from the lead wrapping in which snuff ] is packed. The packages being exposed, often to damp and to the atmosphere, the lead becomes' changed into carbonate,andthesnuffischargedwiththe,poisoa. Ho thinks that this xiew is corroboratf d by the fast, tnat in examining packages of snuff,;-the lead changesduring the day. When the weather is mild the win- mischief SB Mr. G. imagines.' W e trust no necessi- of things, because we believe it to be quite unnecessary. 31st of March, 1860. where it is said that be was much in amount as one approa^csftbbc^niter^ajjd'that at theplants to grow weak. If the windows have curtains,they should be kept up or drawn aside, and all the sun Judges to the present"-bench, and thereby ren-and light possible admitted to. the plants at all times der the existing Judges impotent for any such hibitory. Now we are;quite unreconciled to this state •Grand, in Paris, from the 1st of August, 1856, to the'dow maybe thrown up for a while, or the top sash Pears ought to be very nearly as cheap aa apples,1 andlowered a little. During very cold nights the table ty for such a procedure will ever he presented; but the only reason why they are not is, that there is avenyesteemed and liked both by hi»maaters and his fellow- corners cf the packages, where contact with:the wrap-ping ismost perfect, the crust of carbonate of leadlsmostUntitled DocumentTothe- EditorIbearin?condition,andverymaoyweresoheavilyladen ~Mr.Cobden,with Monntjoy, the pedestrian, accomplished the fal- like simplicity with which Englishmen allow them-danced with the Prince of Wales' at the recent ball in be a favorable augury for ihe accomplishment of her and sorrowful, but in no condition do I find such utter- Canada..' The following* however, is the only correct destinies.! Receive nay thanks, men of liberty, yon.find myeelf the" subject of appeals from the sufferingterials be inexpensive. A neat bookcase, or a set of " ernment of the Territory north-west of the river ly forlorn, hopeless., and helpless wretchednosB as in and authentic h*st of his partners; it is published in who faithfully guard the holy flame of liberty. Mayhanging si elves, well filled with solid .books go further " Ohio," whereof the following is the preamle: the "woman of the town," or in young homeless girls, The Montreal Pilot: tbe fraternity of tbe peoples be no longer a vain "word,toward furnishing an apartment than a bedizened cabi- " Wh/reas, In order thst the Ordinance of the United d.-agging out a desperate and miserable existence at The Hon. .Mrs. Young, Miss Fisher, of. Halifax; and may our two nations unite as the waters of ourStates, in Congress assembled, for the government of Mies DeEocklave, Mies Leach, M'ss .Napier (twice),. rivers, and form only one family. I am, with friendly net of ormolu, or an etagere set out with bits of mir-, the Territory north-west of the Ohio, may continue to tbe nee.dle, or the ordinary competitive employments Miss Elizabeth Smith. Mrs. Elizabeth Stewart, Mrs. C.rors, and filled with little trinkets. A cage of singing hovefull effect, it is requisite that certain provisions be amoig females. I need not point out to you, Sir, tbe Freer, Mrs. Dorwin, MIPS Georgiana Delisie, Miss Ser- gratitude, your friend, GAKIBALUI."astound people who have imbibed the notion that dogs birds, a small .aqnarinm, or a Wardian case, confers made so ax to adapt the same to tJiepresent Constitu- tremendous need that exists among these persons for varite, Mrs. Tyre, Mrs.F.Brown, Mi«s J«hnston,Missare not property. Sevjeral of tbem are worth $50 eacti, more pleasure upon host and visitors, than a wall full tion of the United Stales'." .'•••'*. help, pity—agitation at least of iheir state—you know Cheanveau, Mrs. Belflon. Miss. Moore, Mis. King, theand none fafl below «15. Mr. S-mdford once sold a of costly frames inclosing the cbeap daubs of the auc- . —The act—which is given in full in the letter of if. all, and, from what I have, heard of you, nons Hon. Mrs Sanfield MacDonald.setter for $75, and no sooner was the bargain consum- tion shops. So, too, a group of blooming plant^Bet H Greeley to Stephen A. Douglas, in reply to his would more generously sympathize with or aid them. * —Eight minutes, eaya Mr! Willis in a railroad letter,' —The London Times of a recent date has thB fol- lowing paragraph: " O u r reaierswill remember the case of Mrs. Putnam, a lady of col?r, whose treactmeuti. on board tbe Europa mail packet, on her passage toand a joy forever." d 1859) goes on to provide for the appointment of to relieve them,-and on this point I venture to hope t 'eThe great trouble of our Would-be flower-growers " officers for, the Territories by the President and' plan I have sketched out will be found feasible. As take all the twenty; hut it is surprising how the same which appeared in our columns. In a letter, receivedlthree minutes suffice for many, and some, of course,'.j:..•'*},:•• %d-i > vAug.24,1810. . -"-.':•- •-, . over deaths in theyear was 246,488. The number ofpupils. He is described as a tall, handsome youth, ofsubject of a correspondence with Sir Samuel Canard, „~ www.fultonhistory.com>lemBlKwss**•—*eisjjgwjl tfMtjf&asx#s£mm^vm/ y+fty$f 