 NEW YORK HERALD.t o Meet It* TAurr.-The insulting reception given to the The campaign is beginning to get warm, and Prince cf Wales at Kingston, and the the leading political lights, one after another, threats held out to him of Irs repetition an taking position, and showing the calibre at Brochville and Toronto, are unhappy of their metal. evidences of the condition of society in It has been claimed that candidates and men Canada A people cannot be regarded asBritish government hasdecidedtosendaspe- cialftgenb—amember of Psffliament--to Waah- iogton*0laybeforeourgovernmenttheirviews upon the navigation laws and belligerent right*,MMris to confer with Lord Cowley upon the recent treaty of commerce between France and Eng- land, and as Lord Elgin was sent here to nego-In the first place, he informs the public ofthe numerous temptations that his "intimate tiate the Reciprocity treaty with Canada, of tbe bill came before the President for his eigaature, he friends" have laid before him in their en- which province he had been Governor, and was bad acme conbtt about approving- it. and befcre doing e» deavors to lead himfromthe path of rectitude, naturally supposed to be acquainted with its fee seat for Mr. Burnett, of Keateeky, oae of the aWeatP*..nnct?uHt' asas IMI enpreferred to Impose upon their young guest andfuture sovereign a line of conduct which wouldhave compromised him In his^ own self-esteemand subjected him to censure at home. On thegood taste and decency of this course it is un-necessary for us to comment. Neither are wocalled upon to stigmatise as they deserve theviolent scenes and threats to which the Princesrefusal to accept the conditions put to him sub- reawt venal offers, even at the expense of sequently led. The civilized world will knowdesperate. Will not somebody five them a Where's Thurlow Weed raW Atf,].t»!t••»*«JP*••*a ••.•••.•and Mfa* wt*y order of society are all at itake, where party lines are broken op, and factious leaders of erery ahape and hne axe rang-Mo. B50 ing local and petty contests for their own particular benefit, and all lose eight of or abandon tbe true point of attack, it Is not only fitting, but it becomes erery statesman andostensibly for the purpose of showing to the world that he possessed the moral courage toaffairs.This mission has undoubtedly been promptedand moat lncorrnptible men ia Congress, who had charge of the bill, anil who had made a thoreogh aaataiatUoaef theceee. He inferaed the President that the case wu tO O K O O ! I l l l l f f i AKDraopuraMLhis favor, no matter what he may say to the contrary. Deeds are stronger than words.— ' HI- — I. -I - II !• • II* *^ ^spBPp^^"' ^^HiWB"**^1"' Bji tjsjs am a ^ o j s m t t . «1«I * «aaiamrsrum ef, W.Tth nut T MMMALD M omaf'lZj zr11TL0»'*/-"T'*J^ S J M j m B t a iroOUB Foutair Coaaaaiananai r o JfOTItm n**a» ifammwrg»t*->r ft>temt wmmmmwtHam*.I W f AcV*MH.V©I••;<»'•,(«Of.i WtTtmian Edition*. j)n pmwnjnrm***4 «a*osaucbarox m or WAS.The Oe Groot ctalai, ad them coaneetedor two since, was, beyond a doubt written for of the coasting trade. The person selected for form aa interestiaj chapter te tts historythis duty Is Mr. W. S. Lindsay, the member for wbeo that subject it treated upeBbymaw the express Intention of working more ways riaa. One side of theaaeatieahas bees Srettfestablishment of such a communication waa urged, and a committee was appointed to draft a memo- rial to Congress to take action In regard to the matter.The Board of Councilmen failed to meet last evening, in consequence of a quorum not being pre- avnt. The President declared the Board adjournedsail Monday.A desperate attempt to escape from Sing Singprison waa made yesterday by a party of convicts,have the abolitionized fanatics a majority; but in order to do so the people must determine to meet the true question, without regard to whether Breckinridge or Douglas is right as to the dead issue of squatter sovereignty. It Is the constitution and the equality of the States that is to be defended, and not the rotten re- mains of tbe Kansas agitation, or the future of naif a dozen Territories, whose social organiza-merce, demand a different arrangement There of Mr. Clay at the same place, and the friends and this, too, with her bottom covered withbarnacles, and as foul as that of any ship that ever crossed the ocean. This fact, we think, fully establishes the mechanical success of the monster ship. We have been told by experi- enced persons who came out in her to this country that if she had been commanded by such a man as Captain Nye or Captain Comstock she would cross the Atlantic in a week, with all the disadvantages ef her foul bottom.If the Great Eastera were now put into the hands of practical managers, Instead of the present directors, and put into the carryingcountry and England, she might be made to pay. Her reputation for speed and safety Is established, and the next problem to be solved is how die b to be made available for com- merce.Bam. C. N. Sinclair aad bar sister bave been passing some time in Massachusetts, aad are now on a visit tofriends in that State.Dr. Cohen and niece, of Baltimore, and A. Chartrand, of Matansas, are stopping at the New York Hotel.Major Anderson aad fomily, U. 8. A.: Mr. Worts aad family, Kentucky; M. G. Roaangarter, Philadelphia: and F. 8 Wood and family. New York, are stopping at the Brevoort Hoces.Geo. a Baldwin, D. D . of Troy, N. T.; Rev. H. A Srjoner, Rev. W. E. Bnowden, of Hartford, M. C, aad John Skinner and lady, Edenton, M.C., are stopping at the Everett House.jman who has made this subject Us special study, can papers, and by tne papers tbemaelree, with the new viewAC a D i m Of WWW? Fourteenth street.-Itaua* Osn- leader to lay aside minor considerations andby tbe immense increase in the shipping trade Jt»t and equitable one, aad ought to be pati to thefa^eK making "enemies out of intimate friends"— and commerce of the United States. As long extant. Upon U»erepresentation of Ik. Burnett aad eate-arsixis OASDS*WlSTs* OAAOIXBCWE3r f> 4«B tantic and the Gulf, England thought or cared lit-tie about our views upon the navigation andcoasting laws; but now that our trade with Chi-na, Japan and the East is opening up, and thatour coasting trade extends round the Horn,from the eastern to the western shores of thethroughout the State against the last Legisla- continent, the British government is anxious to these land sharks. Goodloe has been about Washingiea ture had the effect of intimidating the minions obtain for British shipping a reciprocity of that for several years, aad is a loud mouthed abeHticnist. Hek\tiMflW SOWSBT TSKATEE. Bowery -Brnw Of raisrr- BA-Ae0cta Taorcaxi ___^-.BA»«CW*8 AMXRTCAH MOSfUM. Broadwuy.-Day aad •f#nta«.—Aa*V«4. D*M*a—8SMHM U B u a - b T I M Cc.CiT.ia, Ac .^ <r,.BRf VNTWMtnTSTRm* Itorasati Bu w.«*wes, Haw. Daassx At.of the lobby and those persons who had laid their plans for an election to the Assembly for peculating purposes. There was a prospect of his not being able to receive the six hundredfavor which American vessels enjoy, according to the coasting and navigation laws of England.was employed by Dr. Bailey, when ahve, to assist kinase bis paper, the Noiumal Brm. Since the decease Of to Die tor and his paper Goodie e has been out of empkw-Broadway.-Wtrs*SaceaT -nsu>*a UuOC-s, 3rjvt<*ay.—HOVJST A Cawramx's Breckinridge in one great effort the day before MicnstA- fcmtsewafiijnrarMcs-iUaa Down DavBo- yesterday at Ashland. Both are estimable gen- va» Tana***WATIOSAL THtATRt Caataaat str»et.-CaAKBEA or tlemen in private life, and good debaters onUnder a plea, therefore, of showing his ho- nesty, he informs his lobby agents throughout the State that all the rich placetowere not dis- posed ofby the last Legislature. Uroiends, says he, have a culm of $1,200,000 against the State, upon which they offer a commission of "fifty per cent;" besides, there has scarcely been a Legislature for a quarter of a century hut what there has been an opportunity to make money; conveying the inference that thenestwould not be an exception. All of this information he gives to the vultures of the lobby, just in time to cause them to work with renewed vigorSenate will accede to the views of the British eitiocB and patronage to renegade democratsgovernment upon this question. Mr. Lindsay to take care of their own friends.Bam Strong, U appears, procured the arrest of Ooedtoeis to leave England to-morrow, and will there- without the knowledge of Secretary Floyd. Why to wasDiAia-MaeiS Tu«rti-*MC'U»'»-FAn. PALAC1OAADUr,FoorAeaiastreet-Dasoxrac Ttxvflparticular questions in the halls of Congress; but both have mistaken the issue and the results of the present contest Instead of rising equal to the occasion, and levelling their guns against the common enemy, which threatens to revolu- tionize the whole system of our government, theyhavebrought intothe nationalfield their own petty party fight, and aim their blows at each other. In this both have made a greatfore arrive here shortly, when, no doubt we shall be put in possession of the full objects cf bismission. ^___m m m m mMA88ACHTSETTS THOROUGHLY ABOLTriOJOZBD.— The extreme bigotry and radicalism of the Mas- sachusetts republicans have forced Governor Banks to retire from their counsels, and to re- move to the West In the place of an ablestatesman, a skilled executive officer andan efficient party leader, they have taken up as a candidate for Governor Mr. John A. Andrew, a Boston lawyer, who has never held office, butinduced to take this step does not appear. Sam it an old contractor. He was brought to Washington during tfji. lard Fillmore's administration, aad was supposed to he a protege of that diatingu ;abed politician At least. he hadfat contracts awarded him during Fillmore's Uaaa ought to bave enough of mis wortdl goods, for he wu at tbe federal crib early, what fortunes were rapidly made. Bnt Bean, being a Just maa, could not stand iuly by aad see a high public functionaryOAwntBBDar irraic BALL.Broadway.-• •w York. Friday, September T, ISM*The Hews*By the arrival of the overland pony express wevfflenoutly libeBed and bis character assailed.If tbe President and members of his Cabinet tafstore should refuse to give these worthless correanofrtenia aa audience, when they come begging far favor*, and de- cline letting them have Information, they would Sad themselves gainers in the end. For no sooner are their has been prominent as a private soldier in the backs turned upon the Secretaries than the very informa-•bate advices from the Sandwich Islands to the 9th mistake, and in continuing their party fight'•religious" zeal they discharged their pistolsfrom the cars on leaving, and shot a poor colored in the several Assembly districts for (he nomi-and San Francisco to the 23th nlL The people ofCalifornia were absorbed in the political canvass.now t ey are only driving the people from each other without strengthening themselves. By pursuing this course they voluntarily sub-nation and election of the class of men that will enable them to secure a portion of the six hun- dred thousand commission. Thus, fearing that all of his plans will be defeated by the indig-Foar Btate Conventions were to he held at Sacra-tee ate bet ween the 20th of Augnst and the 12th side into tbe positions of leaders of factions,woman who happened to be standing in thestreet Now, we wish all these rabid fanaticsto understand that if, during the Prince ofWales' visit to this metropolis, they attempt toobtrude any of their offensive emblems on his nation against the last Legislature, the king ofInst. The new* of the resort of the election in Ken- and, so far as in them lies, abandon the victory tocky end lfactfe Carolina had greatly elated the to the common enemy. Mr. Douglas announcesGarrisonian ranks. Mr. Andrew was an abo- tion which they have received is used against the adSell pArJr? There was a tolerably steady doing in the San Francisco markets, and|yreportedpricesweregenerallywellThe remain* of seven white men, who had left Call* forniatorthe Washoe mines, and who had been burned to death by Indiana, had been found nearPyramid lake. The accounts from »w Sandwich Islands are wxiaiportaathis intention to go to Pennsylvania and endea- vor to break up the conservative fusion there.view, or to renew the insults that have been of-fered to him in Canada, they will,bein-the lobby issues his proclamation as an incen-tive to his aids in all parts of the State, inform-litionist cf the "Massachusetts school," so ar- dently beloved by Mr. Seward, before the free soil party was formed. He was prominent in resisting the Fugitive Slave law on two or three occasions, when its operation was tested in Boston. He is an ultra John Brown, armed re- sistance to slavery man. At the meeting held by Theodore Parkers society, in aid of John Browns family, Mr. Andrew presided. He de- clared that, in his opinion. John Brown was right, and that the meeting had been convened to express sympathy with the man and the idea (the "irrepressible conflict"). Mr. Andrew's record is as plain and dear on this subject as those of Mr. Wendell Phillips or Mr. Lloyd Garrison. His nomination to the highest office In the old Commonwealth is verymicibtration—not, however, until they have perverted it to suit their party purposes.THE cjkem or cart, xnoe, or m wAaamrrox AQCSVJCCI.We have a report from MAxico that a pronua- In his recant speech Mr. Breckinridge hasdamiewto in favor of the elevation of Gea. Comon- fort totihePrealdehcy hai been planned and will aoon be proclaimed. In Chihaahua the church party have been auccesaml, having deposed the liberal Governor and other executive officers, while in Bonora aflaira at the last accounts were rapidly approaching a crisis. Throughout North- ern Mexico, owing to the political ditturbances, business was entirely neglected, with bnt little prospect of a revival.exhibited a ajnilar wan ruses Tad burthen of it is the quarrel over squatter sovereignty, which has broken up the democratic party, and in continuing that quarrel the leaders only prove that the party ought to have broken up, and that the national' sentiment must seek some other groundwork of organiza- tion. The issue of today is not the question of slavery in the Territories. That question isLet these people beware how they commit them-SPEECHABB NEWSP APERThe Prince of Wales reached Belleville yester- settled practically, if not in the abstract TheDiFFtcuLTrss ABOUT ran UNION Tfcnrr IN THISSTATE.-—Ail the trouble about the anion ticket bly bungled in the transmission, owing to the strong evidence to favor of the argument whichday; but as the Orangemen evinced a determina-Lexington to Cincinnati. The telegraph ope- rators, however, did their best, and it was not their fault but that of the friends of Mr. Breck- inridge, that the speech did not appear in a per- fect state. The astute gentlemen of the man-position of the republican party is identical with that of tbe Garriaonians, its cardinal prin- ciple befog "no union with slaveholders." It is a proof, if any Is wanted, that Massachusetts, the dominant State in New England, has be- come thoroughly abolitionized. After this it isheaded by the notorious Tom Kelly. They bolted tion, has been already determined by other in-is thus trouble with these various sections. Inthe same way the debris of the old whig partyare pushing their claims. They are all jostling all, although ho was about making a speech each other, to the delight of she republican that both he aad they wanted every one in the party; and unless they cease their strife and country to read. And these are the kind of agree, the result will be that Lincoln will win statesmen that think they can conduct an Im-portant election.the State, and probably the election.We perceive that some of the loaders of the Mr. Breckinridge, we are sure, knew nothingof Ugh position should put themselves upon their dignity. and not come into the Aeld where the tmoke and grime of the fight abound, and where deadly blown are given and received. This theory may do very well for the joust or tournament of an ordinary political contest,other than semi-barbarous who can thus de-with discipline under the minor leaders; bnt in n great contest like that which fa now going on, where the conttitntion, lawn and theworse'than the infamous body that assembled at Albany last winter.manner of their attack, are very haafry, aad arc gvttinfbring all the power he can to the field. In a contest like this it 1Brequisite that the heaviest metal should be brought out and laid to bear so that it may do good service itself, and at the game time give.direction to the efforts of the disordered and distracted masses. It Is this ne- cessity that has brought two of the candidates on one side and the greatest leader on the other to exhibit their mental calibre, and which will yet bring out others.The two leading candidates of the fractured democracy have now exhibited their strength. Mr. Douglas on many minor occasions, and Mr.Goveruor Flojd baa sjnply carried out the law of Caa- areaa, as constructed by the law officer of the govern meet, The papers aad documents ia the oass are at toe disposition of say person or persons who desire to boa into it The whole cum aad sabstaaae of the statist a, that Degroot aad the parties interested la the caser«- fnced to pay the miserable half starved lobbyitea.from the hat shop and boarded a sloop at the fluences than abstract legislation. Let tbe con- Breckinridge party in tins State have gone to about the arrangements of Us commit-wharf, where a bloody fight ensued between the servative masses of Nov York and Pennsylva-Washington to seek for advice as to the coursethey ought to pursue. How absurd. Whatcan people at Washington know about the Stateof New York, compared with those who residein it? As well might these gentlemen go to aphysician at a distance to consult him about apatient with a most complicated set of diseaseswhomhehad neverseen,insteadofcallinginthe AssociatedPress,whowealdnotwaituntiltheconvlctB and the cap*tain of the sloop and the keep-ers. During the conflict one of the keepers andthe captain of the sloop, named Lafarge, werewounded so severely that their recovery is con-sidered doubtful. The convicts were anally sub- thorough and as conclusive as was that of dued by the omcers.The oattm market was steady yesterday with sales of1 J N bafcM, cleaing <M the basis of atoot lOftc. a He.tee; neither, we presume, did Mr. Clay•f ~-pac AMa -fLvwnPennsylvania.she side to lain; b e i ' l a m i i n ^ i i n j j~r"l"w,~' j£• tt.from that quarter now. .He has received . Clerkship in the House of Representatives fromthe renubliean narrTandihlT^T^T" the republican party, and he ia bound t* ^at all to do with W anyWe should not heif Mr. Yancey should be so much I ToLincoln fa the State of Pennsylvania IT Uae- ^ttop«lteyofMr.Itouglas,thenheiiforK'-Vlk-dB')• ' '"'~*Bfr ' "^^^^^^ 5"Miamikfi\^;"lito idea can benia hold to their determination to vote a com- mon electoral ticket against the radical revolu- tionist Lincoln, and his defeat will be ashi the previous instance, or they would notGeneral Scott eight years ago.THE CHEVAUXBWIKOFF ANDTHE Paovixcia.ing at the blundering fashion in which the Breckinridge speech was transmitted, complains that it was the fault of the "fast" men of theBf•F e w e rsat Chtatitawtom. Cauain-mH, Sept. S.for tlratjht lota of mjidtia* uplaadA. Ttere was aspe-ctdatire mimmmeat f SiiisalasB yesterday tacdiag to PBESS.—We perceive that some of the lazy, half aid of at least equally skilful doctors on thespeech was revised and corrected by the com- mittee, as that intelligent body intended should bo done—just as if they could improve Mr. Breckinridge s oration. The imperfect manner In which tbe speech reached the public ia at- tributable to them, and we hops it wQI teach the Kentucky statesmen not to meddle with the press and Its representatives again. They may bo sure that the metropolitan newspapers know how to manage their own business to the pro-lacreaoM activity and improvement m price*. Tbe sales drunlen vagabonds who lounge about the of Bour were targe, and ceased at aa advance of from 6c barrooms, picking up stale scandals and to 10c. per barret. < taatbita f a v was also active and inventing canards for the country press timer. Wheat SBg sjftttjMBt * » setae bare aa* toarrive, ac savoaasaesB sjat Am assets, raaaBAd about at Boston and elsewhere, have statedspot who knew the sick man and his constitution, and could see him every day and form their judgment from the symptoms as observed by themselves and not as imperfectly reported by others. If the Breckinridge leaders want to do what hvright let thorn do at once what the good sense of the State has already determined ought to be done—unite with all the other con- servative elements on one tiokot- the only way in which Lincoln can be defeated, or in which there is the slightest chance ultimately for BrecUiiridgeorajryoftheoansTldates opposedleSOOOtnsbatL Corn afco sdrancri, wtta eoasl- that the Chevalier WlkoSf Is now at • hvg* sorvteo of wAJsb was ia store, the St Denis Hotel, in this city, where he is ne-r at atcrfeltNote* i aPmuioxuinA, Seel. S. 1SS0-6*.^c. a Ho. Porkgotiating with the Duke of Newcastle, with a view to secure the presence of the Prince of Wales at a private party to be given a* Wash- ington Heights. The name of Mr. August Bel- mont is also mentioned in connection with aajmilffl* affairNow, the fact is that these mousing, black-guard correspondents are frequently at a lossfor rraitwrtahi wboiewlth to cook up their dain-ty dishes for the provincial stomach, and Intheir soberer moments, which are rev and farCoAPfelladelnJaln.keAjaatiaJate^kaafe?,-.toTwo of theasr .'iaiiss.-Afa«-i xsag JA. T. Faut, of Waahington; A. D. Cook and wife, of Syra-* tonka te ton and family,«of•*• *r Europeadayortbem as fee service it can. It is stated in his are prepared to do that It Is ail nonsense to talk that It Is ailwhich, ia a few days after, he (the defendant)Mtmto his atom m B*^*?*- *"• E* "US'*l a w w d Fspttaisfattest came off. We presume that Mr. Belm'gat bHteo Prest that Douglas is .about breaking up the association. But it is not credible that any single individual capable of committing so gross an error, and withal so ig- norant of business, could be allowed to controlboth civilly and ertomally tor toklag away his own % and after these toots being clearly stoned asaaw •kWateO, ss waH as a counterclaim against tat•he Coast tare iuaginent tor Ihis damagvs and coats Counsel tor the Xobmson; tor defendant, Mr. B»n|.srrEiuoa cocWr.to c« tnoction with the above oase. Mr. (.aihraith baaNEW YORK HERALD, FRIDAY, SEPPEMBE2 T, I860._•J-bare, the obligations of loyalty and of hospita- lity dictated that they should be kept out of sight on this occasion. So far was this from being done that neither party would make thenotes of preparation for a grand piratical cam-paign during the next session of the Legislature.It may also bo received as one of the proofs ofthe HEBALDS statements that efforts are beingmade to make the next Legislature tenfold precisely as Mr. Cobden was despatched to Pa- itea of the moat dastardly stripe, aad, Jadgiafparty lines are sharply drawn, and theOf each candidate come up ranged Slightest sacrifice of its susceptibilities. Theythe Secretary of War are too weU known eatto confer with Lord Lyons upon this question, to require aty ventilation. They are, oae and all,how to appreciate them. The contempt that they will inspire cannot rail to react severely upon the people of the provinces. It will bo argued that there can be but little good sense or self-respect amongst them or they would never have tolerated such occurrences.After the threats held out to him it is to be hoped that the Prince will not land at any other point of the Canadian shore. He owes it to his own dignity not to trust himself again amongst a population who have thus openly menaced and insulted him. Let him at once cross the border, and he will meet with that courteous and respectful treatment which ia due to his high position* Although their political ideas differ widely from his, he will find that Americans have the instincts of gentlemen, and that they know how to receive in a proper manner those who trust themselves to their hospitality.We observe that at Newark, on Wednesday last, the members of a couple of societies styling themselves " Protestant Associations" indulg- ed in some riotous excesses, intended to mark their sympathy with the recent Orange demon- strations in Canada In the exuberance of theirwhat choice friends they must be to tempt him for six long years—but really for a more im- portant object It must be borne in mind that, with the exception of one or two isolated dis- tricts,therehadbeenno nominationsmadefor members of Assembly when that manifesto was issued. The universal indignation arousedas our foreign trade was confined to the Allan- j nHr#M' ^f***?**?**?*^ m*\im sig&et aILe arrest of Goodloe, of course, has somewhat scaredBy so doing ha merely strives to throw the stantly put down. The Prince is to be the ing them what nice, rich, fiat and juicy steaksvictor/ into Lincoln's hands. Such a course is guest of tbe New York public, and they will there are already upon his larder for the nextCaptMeigshavingrefused to nay the certificates ofCapt. Benbam for work done on the Washington aque-duct, aad declared that he would be governed neither feythe orders of the Engineer or toe Secretary ef War, forthe payment of any man whom be thinks ought not t* be employed on the work, or for any claim which does netmeet his personal approval, will probably to retanad - from further duty aa Superintendent of the works, thaact of Congress constituted htm Superintendent, and the mstrucUaasoX the Secretary adhoriaed htm to see Hat the Work was prosecuted according to his plana and estimates, in case of the foilure of the engineer to do this, fee was instructed to report sock delinquency to the Secretary ef War. Tbe same instructions made him «nam slug officer, aadauthorized him to pay taw Engineer's cert:IPresident declares that he will have no more to do with theamtir. If Meigs wiUaotohny tsnerdetaof hisriors he must abide by the army regulations, fie endeavored to set himself above tbe PreaUsat aad I tary. If his insubordination is allowed to go farther, the effect upon tbe discipline of the army will he moat laja- rfous. It has therefore been determined that Meters shall either purge himself of contempt or ouffer tbe disgrace bis conduct merits.not the part ef a great leader or a great states-session of the Legislature. At all the Assembly foreigners who import with them into their nominating conventions the people will pleaseadopted country the miserable fends which note these facts. haverenderedtheirnativesoiltoohot forthem.MR. BBEcaiNBiDOB'sselves to any such demonstrations. At the first ENTERPRISE.—The speech delivered by Mr.prising ones—yesterday morning, having been furnished by telegraph at a cost of a thousand dollars. But, unfortunately, it was considera-true issue has been presented by the black roIn tins State is with the politicians, and not with tbe people, who are decidedly in favor offact that there is hut a single line running from wo have held all along, namely, that the realtion to take part in his reception he declined to publicans in their announced determination toland. The Bellevillians had decorated that little revolutionize tbe entire policy of the federal i t The politicians are quarrelling about thetown qaite geyly, bnt were left to enjoy the dis- government, to make that policy deadly hostile proportions of electors which the several par-play without the presence of royalty. Last evening to the social organization offifteenof our sisterties ought to have upon the ticket, and thatthe Prince reached Cobourg, where there was not States, and to foster an agitation of the ques- seems to give them more concern than the ques-the least sign of Orangeism. And here the Prince tion of slavery itself, wherever it exists, which tion whether the ticket can be carried or notattended a ball, and enjoyed himself again. The must produce the most destructive results of Certainly the course they are pursuing Is admi-aging committee ordained that only one report-Prince will probably reach Toronto to-day. TheOrangemen appear to hare wisely come to the every interest North or South. This is the issueconclusion to withdraw, as an organization, from that is presented to the country, and which the demonstrations in honor of the Prince. •would be rejected by an overwhelming vote ifThe Chamber of Commerce held its usual the several leaders opposed to it would laymonthly meeting yesterday afternoon, at which aside their insane bickerings.the important subject of mall communication be- The victory is an easy one if the conserva- tween the United States and Asia by means of the tive masses combine. New York, Pennsylvania Pacific Ocean waa considered. The importance to and New Jersey can be carried against thethe interests of American commerce of the black republicans, for in neither of these Statescasion, although we sent a specialreporterthere to talk of moderate, conservative, Union prin- for our own paper, and the Associated Press ciples as part of the republican platformhad their reporters besides. Now, it was clear-on a single wire, without some mixing up andblundering. But this is just like the Kentucky upon their views, and the Mozart Hail politicians. We remember that some years ago, braves on theirs, white the Wall street when the telegraph was in its infancy, we de- democracy, represented by the Journal of Com- spatched a special reporter to report a speechcoin, and probably throw the election into the House, aad ultimately carry it to the Senate, where he feels con 5dent he will be elected.apronTnan a xaa auaotx caan.The vacancy in the marine corps, occasioned by toe ree'gnation of Ijeuteaant Kirkiand, has been filled by tha appointment of Geo. W. Collier, of MarylandARMT a u n a a s .Inspector Genera! Joseph K. F. ManeteM win proceed toinspect the troops of tbe department of Texas.Colonel Harvey Brown will inspect the artlliefy ia thedepartments of the feast aad Texas.Paymaster General Lamed has thirty days leave andDeputy S. P. Andrews will act during his absence. Lieutenant W. E. Merrill is acting professor of engineer- big at West Point, relieving Lieutenant Snyder, who wttlga to Ctarleaton to assist Captain Foster.Lieutenant S. H Leckitt will assist Captain Whitney oftbe engineer corps si Savannah. Georgia.Paj roaster B. B. Marcy will remove his station fromNebraska City to St. Joseph, Missouri, rcBtoa nr new nataav.Tbe President celled for Senator Thosason, of New Jar stj, today, aad took him Pill K> the Soldiers' Home to dinner. Mr. Thomson is anxkms for a faaion of ail ant. republican elements in New Jersey, though he frankly nc- ]u.owied|ea that eren that may not save It, as many de- mocrats have already gone over to Lincoln because of tbe divisions in their own party.not tolerate his being Insulted or annoyed byevidence of anything of the kind there is nota military company in the city that will not nesday, was published in the Now Tork turn out to sweepfromour streets the misguided papers—at least in two or throe of the enter-individuals who take part in them.rably calculated to defeat i tThe leaders of the fragments of the old dis-integrated parties are each claiming undue pro-p*v—Breckinridge la (Mo Field-Tbe Ttwe GAA-AUAA- LOVALTT ANO AMKWCAK HOSP*. tion. Themanthatwill notunitewithni»&* ANEWBsrnaSMiSStoNTO WASHTNCTOX.—We NWSFROMTH£NATIONALCAPITA.RETURN YOTAOE OF TBE GBEAT EASTERN.— The Regency want to have matters all tiwir speech, occupying a whole page of the HERALD. The Great Eastern, on her return voyage tominence and importance for their own section.own way, and there Is, accordingly, troubleMilford Haven from this port, via Halifax, made the passage in nine days four and a half hours—the shortest time ever made by any steamer, with all the advantages of skill and improvements In machinery and shipbuilding'with them. The Tammany Hail chiefs insistof the Kentucky orator warned him that if he took a single note Mr. Clay should not speak atw w . ' 1 « | P i p p w p w pi fW ' * ' — 7 ^ . . TM J M I » I ~i —u i i m i i fj >• j - A i i i .i J . . T O J U , n fu . , . . . , 1 P , . , ^ | ^ , . ,u , 1 > J » | I . H J ! _. U l i l •' ^ - , ^ T - W «"•conservative host against Lincoln If really ** learn from the news by the PrinceAlbert that the-Hi •-"HM tP—3 iaw ^^THIULOW WEED'S PROCLAMATION .-The manifes-to pf Thurlow Weed, which we published a day and to enter fcto negotiations for the openingMA•1 Hal1mean themselves. Whatever causes of conten-tion the two factions, Orange and Catholic, may than one. and may be considered as one of the the English borough of Tynemouth, a gentle- veo tllated by the eorreapondeati of several black repast;.have permitted such a stupid course to be pur-sued. The Journal of Commerce, while growl- trade for breadstuff's and cotton between thisper way. .| rjTHS TELIOBAPH, ij© ITS lKADEqTjACT TO Sur-to Lincoln. Let the republican candidate bo PLT THE PUBLIC W ANTS.—Any one who has Davis aad family,or Baltimore, are stopping at the St. New y«*. ^first defeated by union, and let the votes after- taken the trouble to notice the controversy^w^^he equally divided antong the conquer-Nicholas. ^& da Bel ligny, French Consul to Charleston W. EL Har-of Philadelphia; C.rison.of Philadelphia; C. &B. Stewart, of NMew York;: B.Boykin, of Sooth Carolina; W. Bandford, of Mobile, and J, H.Orne, of Philadelphia, are stopping at the Fifth AvenueHailroed was awarded to day to James Moore k Co , of T h e « 2 m t e asasga" Wfoerrjrman.Auarr, Bent 6,1M0 Martin, the Boston WneffTyaaCS. left far Poughkeepsie this morning, aad will returnto-morrowia the evening. He Is to be entertained at a grand vegwteble baasuetatsaid to be going on between the American Telegraph Company and the Associated Pressmay remember that the latter allege that Hotel.ors.tothrowtheelectionintotheHouse ofRews-•«u*tive«,towluUl4^mhBa n very^matf the difficulty is all owing to one individual C V RlddickIn that case the worst that can happen isbetween, they have recourse to their inventivepowers, such as they are. Theyhave,there- 5«^cibatageU«todw, Batif the conjerva- amongthedirectors,whoinsistsuponbreaking ofHartford;Capt H.Gllmaa,offore, manufactured the statement above refer- f i ^ TM ^ ^ ^ « * * ° wt up the association, and compelling the newspa-to out of whole doth. TheOhoTalterWl- fight shoulder to shoulder against the common pers to got their news independently of each, Signor P. Albino and family, Antonio Bustollo, .T h e StoaasmStlp C h e s a p e a k e . S^ASSAM,Sept.6 1860The report this morning from the ~ Is she lies well upon toe beach aad « .little water. The ear ro is not much wet: thefor mvtag the ship aadthejaussaij, to Bave.derrtyeberlff ondrranAPreatiee. RetUy i en ail the property in toe pramiaea T» Iafter removing part ofto about SS,0Oe, to pay a debt ot asm, a* •fbr Eurone three weeks ago, and, ia• S r e r o i u n ^ aepnbaicaas* wlUhoren-other, and to pay such prices as the company may demandfortt. It surely cannot be that in this age any person so ignorant and stoptfMea*-.Almi Calamanca, of Havana, J. C. Bunton and Mm H. R. ;and lady, of•feftB*He got uojOO from theHmtcfjk rdnsmwvtnM aa T^SBSBi ->SF^S^*BWV||BB"^n^nflSB>.iSpBn* W*aBBjaBB8WSJS S j S ^ p -to accommodate each of the newspapers in the transmmsion of the news they require, often tiling a wholel»t^»^ »ore,asItdoes,justasthePostOffice. . of Bawenavee, aad Geo at Bt» Loots are saaasasal at the Chaves,lUntitled Documentjust as Cobden and Bright have selected their of makibf political capital far the Presidential camrwt^ specialities. Mr. Lindsay is, no doubt, sent here The drrerpoBdents who bare saade thii oosfanjrht cpoaWe publish In another column an article from ment He tried hard during the last Congress to proftrethe London Shipping Gazette, in which an earnest a situation abotrt the Capttol, bnt Hailed in every particu- thousand dollar commission, even if he would. hope is expressed that our government and lar. The black republicans preferred to give all their fe*Breckinridge in Lexington, Kentucky, on Wed-General Lane is most anxious to see fusion aicceed ia er should be permitted to be present on the oc- folly for the Tribune and other Lincoln organs Mew York, as to thinks it will ensure the defeat of La-ly impossible for one reporter to transmit aW. M. Rice, R. Mills. Rev. B. Eaton,A. Jackson, o!Tc^ad; A. D Patchin and fomily, of BaflaJo. and Hon. H. WiatorLasts, Of North CarolinaP. Y<W.T.Lee, J. D. Kafir,a4S8Srx5l^ai, 5ttaSarirs , ,atportion of the detendaafs e*ods to the aaasnnt of tFL, s f Virginia Col. C. E. tbeMcCardeiraLovelace,M. M. R.' rfbaf at theAt the time or the passage of the raaoiatiea, aad warnTo Captain H &St. Nicholas Hotel, K. Y TherehavebeennomoredeathsrepoartedUthanthetwowhich occurred before ynu_ieft. I hope it was a false alarm. CHARLES MACBETH, Mayor of Charlestoa.F l i e s In Massachusetts.B0ST05. Sept. 6,13*0The Washk^ton Hotel, and the atonies adjoining, ia Lawrence, were destroyed by fire this afternoon. Tbe property was not cf much value.InMedford, last night, a fire destroyed the Alauhaaae "outbuildings. Loss $6,000.Bankaltered note of fives on the I'lttaaeld, Mass . just appeared. It is also altered to Pittsftsid. ,»** .Chief of Police of CharlestonRailroadBaanae, 1'a , 8ept 6,18S0.A wardingTbe contract for building the Beading and OrtosaMeof aContract.t astoremainwith us*Mississippi, are la Wi•tth his experiences in theatttotanmtlnmought osam,em*tboThomas M. Tryniski 309 South 4th StreetGov. McWUlle andMass Sarah Baker, eighty seven years ef age, formerlyto be sufficient for any reasonable man, fcrTalis i •www.fultonhistory.comFulton mmmniitZZm**** 13069..V »V- W.»New York * 