 obilIMPORTANT NEWSFRCHWA8HW3T01.^0Htmf*sn*^f**e*^0*>^**CMtillAttn MiKslttM «f the €«Hfr- vadve m>p..Ik«aw.CALL FOT, ajg KjinLA SE86IOH OF TKB f F.NNE86EE LEGISLATURE.'N^BTOJ*, Deo. i , 1(60 Governor of Uu*State few calledaaextrasession * a theIrttolatnTOoathe 7th of January,to consider tho1, Lean county, Daraat. Judge .Jewett, Cote CouW addressed the people in favort A mam meeting of theTitisens of held at the town of Braaoria on the 1W T D A Y .,wiU preach in the ChurchSociety), corner of Street, Brooklyn, this morningthe first lecture o a flohject—"Caiphas, the Plev. Wifltem AlTabernacle,onFulton* street,athah*-Tones, Nov IU-*'!**''* «pms»apmdlhT>aadctoaed w i Foreign securities were firm. RailwaysKi Pt itinStW tothe tank.four years,l a" " • *! - H *± -Lmeight hundred thousand slaves to the condition of freemen. Had tbe noble lord continued Colonial Secretaryhe would doubtless have entered still more fully into th e spiritoftheEmancipationact,andworkeditoutineach a manner as would long ere this have led to the adoptionto*similarmeasuresintheUnitedStates,theBrazils and Cuba. We are now deptn&tM on slaeduMingeotmtrifjfor ear chief nn>lut of cotton, tobacco and sugar—a matter Of no small importance, whan wo find tainofoneofour"crack''shipstohis that oar annual revenue in the test two of these article city, received by the Asia:—Lmnroot- Nov. M , 1MIX the proqxrity of all our cotton mmnufactmret DEABPra—«aeeItostwroteyouwehave receivedthe __tfn and elsewhere. Tie present state newsofLincolnselection. Ithinkithashada greet oaAnvriea, conseaunitontheelection tfMr. Lin- effect on the export market here. TheBritishers feelThe caucus o f Southern Senators wasday, Mr. Iverson being the only one absent. dentBreckinridgewatpresent.must tend to embitter public feeling amongst the pro-slavery democracy, and finally drive them, in self-defence^ to attempt secession. Another danger lies intheactionofthedovesthtsnsehm. ThelateinsurrectionsdividedIntothreeparts:—Thefirstpart,fromthefirst Washingtonittsontoprvbabiethgtmaybecome,notmerely IMPORTANTSTATEMENTOPGovernor Powell, of Kentucky, ottered a series o f reso-Sunday in Advent, is Christmas, or the birth of Christ; frequent, but widely extended. The knowledge that the the second part, from Christmas to Whit Sunday, or the federal government sympathizes with their lot, and that that contract it is butjust to mention that several exten- Ascension; and the third and last part, from Whit Sun- colored men are now enjoying equal rightswith the whitespeech, which produced a good impression. Noformalreplywasmade,andtheremainderoftheconducted in a mere social, conversational[From the New Orleans Delta, Dec. 1.]Arthur Robinson was before Recorder Emerson yestor- day,onthechargeoftamperingwithslavesandcircu-lating incendiary documents. Hesubscribedto Wm Lloyd Garrison's Boston Liberator a n d other vile aboli- tion trash, and there was plenty of proof ready against him, but he was scut down to the parish prison to awaitconaJdered the best.Tire SRAWRK GMOIWTH.TT —-This favorite l/xtg blandSoundsteamer,commandedbytheveteranCaptainWil- cox, resumed her place in the Norwich and Worcesterline yesterday, having been put in perfect order for win-news from Mexico, arising from their desire to see peace established in that reyublie, where they are anxious to take their families a n d settle themselves permanontlv. induce me to communicate to them, briefly, through the columns of your esteemed journal, the information re- ceived by the United States steaaaenjmataats, which ar rived at this port a few days since. From this informs tkm t h e strongest presumption arises that the long de- sired moment is about to be realized. and that very soon that country, favored by nature, will offer to these who desire to settle in it those guarantees of order and quie- tude so aeceseary to the deveiopement of its prosperity and greatness.at cane for Mississippi and take stump.He * for immc-of capitalists to employ the means a t their disposal. Afurther decline h a s consequently token atece m t a eterms charged in the open market, traaaaotioaa n**mffbeen entered into at b% and even at 6 per <^f**TMrthough this quotation only applies to ^ b e f * d « * S L Mixtto he* arrived; for it taootprobi tions of short dated paper, biBs navtog moreJhan ttffee defences prepared la tbe capital will months to run are freely ncgotntod on maen wwer uxum test, as well on account of public 1 than those recently required by the beaks sad discountdiateactioB.*their brethren o f the Sooth.In view of this exigency-aa the people of Texas have the right and are in duty bound to determine peacefully and lawfully whether it Is expedient to take extraordi- nary action for their protection, and the kind and extent of aetam; as a geaeriaf, prompt aad deliberateof this disposition, in the election of members of a con- vention to consider of these grave matters, would pro- mote public peace, rad harmony aad security, as some of our sister Southern States have provided for holding suchFrom afl this, it it plain that tbe reign of the reaction has ended, and that the era of peace and haannaem forTHE LATEST REPORTS FBOM WASHINGTON. Waftaaaaow, Dec. 8—Evening.• which conThornsion, hat aB satvatoty aseesarea mast at this moment of netII in retained ••pinbhaaMI Tim Qtoaj»nwmof awatoai slast*fitsneanamaBfi aaaaaaeat*8"aaaaa> Bja. aawMM9M> BJSBBBBJBBBJ, e^Msnanannnnanai•JtemrfaUn 11• aJiAsirsMir Mateaaaaahaaa.be* < . ,* C » )*C«9a t. amy not be represented. The Chairman of , Gov. Corwin, o f Ohm, i s daawsed to ad-tostsgtoemofsunshine.» mayb eillu-count of defection 1 tined to one them, a certainty, that ]disappear from tbe scene of 1any one doabt it, it isonly 1HSSI5to»I believe,!•f *•SitittecttryA large company assembled to-day oa board the ship johaFraser. The Palmetto and Lone Star flags were run up, and secession speeches and sentiments were uttered by many leading shipping merchants.past t e a in evening.t h emorning,half-past ,ClintonHall,The latest advices from Texas state that there is an un- derstanding between the members of the Legislature of TIE riots IF mrma SKRAIHS. that State that the Legislature shall meet at Austin cm the ITth of December next, without a formal call from theGovernor,aadthatittounderstood that the Legislature PACIFICATORYPROPOSITIONSFROMKENTUCKY. willrailaStateConventiononthe8thofJanuary.Otherdapostto... CevernntsKwM Other seenrtttos Reaerveof notes and' • M ^ V ^ A i ^ W W MTHE BKPORTS FROM WASHINGTON. Wiavoanoft,Dee.1,i860.A caucus of Southern Senator* was held to-day for the parpamot* considering the preaeat Mate o f the country,While the Senator* from theborderStates were to make aa effort to preserve the Union, thetwelve millions sterling, and OuUm the fintgeneral impression seemed to be that this was now impos- Conservative Tennessee has caught the disunion fever, and men who a month ago were horrified at the verySouthern States. The star is peculiar toTexians. Thecombination of the two emblems seems particularly ap- Willing, rector, services at half-past ten o'clock thisAt ' to results; for a contest be- aad Southern sections of be of Comparatively short dura-i, Dec 8,1860.no doubt inform the public to regard to the mystery of makingthewildand/ferociousCruiserasdocileasalamb.fullyattended t o - Vice Presi-latiens in favor of onlay, mutaal concessions, and the tamper with onr negro population with that Impunity they have heretofore enjoyed through the inertness or ig-preser ration of the Union, and supported them in aa able norance of oar citisens.MSXICAK OroeuLATC GKHSUL, > Nsw Oauum, Nov. 20,1666. /vjtof the country. THB8EC1SSIOJI FEELING ATl i eEffectthe English Meney Market.fc^y%^S^r^^*themomwy. bat <**ed atttoedenams were toly.Hdlaft q f a shade above, theirmines aad miscellaneous shares were about th" same.T onight same o f the friends o f t h e successful dates far the Convention are serenading tjaja,candi-la the Protestant Episcopal Astor place, in charge o f t h e Tine service in the morning at evening at half-past seven.CTCfsatmi dartaga period THEFUTUREEFFECTUPONENGLISHMANUFACTURES,, with the present date:-THE COURSE OF TEXAS.New ORLEANS, Dee. 8,1860.[From tine Iondon Herald (Lord Derby's organ), Nov. 24.] Full justice has never yet been done to Lord Derby fo that noble and wise act of statesmanship which raised' « w s!2l lTHEKENTUCKYBANKS. Locnwnas, Das, 8,1860.la'resntaae to recent applications far a suspense, ofboart of descent from Revolutionary sires, are alone respond- Me for the eoadKfcn of our posterity, through generations yet unbornI Willwetransmittothemadegradr"upon Northern fanaticism or anobleindependee T f ^ V n e e r t u ^ f X ^ cbredUJtobeunworthyofassociation,aaequals,with Shallwe,whohaveneverbowedthekneetopower,axBrooksthe morning by the pastor.In the Bteeoker street Universalist chiDowning street, services at half-past ton morningaadathalf-past seveno'clock thisevt seriesofdiscourseswillbecommencedintheeventofby 8av. MOMSBalhm, on "The Morning of Life."The New Jerusalem church (Swedenborgian) will hold public worship at the National Musical Institute, No. 76$ Broadway, at half-past ten o'clock this morning.THK BFPBCT IN LIVERPOOL.We give the following extract of a letter from Iter service. She will leave Tuesdays, Thursdays and Nothing looking to a practical result was done except an examination on the 15th of December. He has not Saturdays from here, and on alternate days from Ally usFurther symptoms of reaction have been perceptiblein tbe market for public securities to-day, a few specu-lative sales having led to a temporary decline of X percent. It might have been expected, however, that theoperators would have taken advantage o f t h e tete a d -vance to realise profits, and thus dizninish tbe buoyancyof the market, particularly as it y e t remains to be seenwhether the bullion arrangement* made by the Banks ofEngland and Ft ance will have the desired influence uponmonetary affairs. Consols at one period of the morningconsequently touched 9 8 ) { 9&% for money and account,but rather more firmness now prevails, and the quota-tions are*S3X 93% and 9SK 93*< for transfer and the 6thproximo respectively. The variations in other Englishstocks have been unimportant, and the Indian securitiesalso continue qutetv The foreign and colonial shares, v-itktheexceptionofAmericandescriptions,whicharede-abuses,inwhichareparticularlyinterestedthecaergy,hy Senator Powell, and bis resolutions were not adopted. another meeting is to be held, but It does not appear thai anything in the form o f a compromise that could b emtBfactory to the cotton States will pass.The House ©ommitiee of thirty-three have done nothingclaimed British protection, aa w a s stated. Harris w a s brought before the Recorder; but as It was understood that a writ of habeas corpus had been applied for in his behalf, to be served upon the Mayor and Chief, Harris was returned to his cell, to be held by those func- tionaries. Another abolition case came out unexpectedly on the suit of another Harris, an engineer of a steamboat at the landing, against Peter Brown, mate o f t h e boat, charging him with threats against his life. It appeared that Brown had bced connected some time ago in Cin- cinnati with some of the doings of the under ground rail road, aad faring that Harris had told or would tell the factagainsthimhethreatenedhislifeintheeventofso doing. The case was discharged, hut as Brown was leav- ing court he was arrested and brought before the Mayor,Point, connecting with the express trains for Boston, lowed and Worcester. The Norwich company are build- ing two large and substantial boats, which will be placed on the route in the spring.FIRST SHAD or TBX SKASOS.—We have received a fineshad, the first of the season, which was brought to thiscity yesterday morning by Mr. J. H. Taylor, the steward of the steamship Florida. It was taken a few days since to the Savannah river, by Mtasre. Tyler, Bradley It Co.THKCASKOP FRASOSDITFY.—A meeting of Americus EngineCompany,inreferencetotheabovecase,was held on Monday last, and the result of their proceedings will be found recorded among our advertisements to-day.It is well known that the war, which for three years has laid waste the country, has bad for its object oa the part of the liberal party the securing of these guarantees which, as wet as the enjoyment of civil. political and re- ligious liberty, the constatottoa of 1867 had Indeed grant ed to all, foreigners as well as natives. Their enemies oppose reform and contend for tbe preservation of ancientofflctehy yet, but individual members a r e preparing pro-positions which they will submit M r . Corwin Hailtobeafavorofcallingaconventiontoamend the constitution. Mr. Kellogg, of Illinois,hi preparing a basis of settlement, which hasfor Ms mate feature the settlement of all the should prove dcirtmeiiial to his health, Jsc. Brown tookassisted by Benjamin L. Swan, Francis HallPelatiahTerritories upon constitutional grounds, ignoring Congres- ajaaal a m i Territorial legislative interference with sla- very, leaving the people to settle the question for them- selves when they come to form a State.Mr. Hamilton, o f Teaaa, arrived here to-day, a a d con- tradtote the reports that Texas in favor of dissolution. H e says,onthecontrary,thatthemajorityofthepeopleare decidedly opposed to ^cession; bat, he adds, if all the eotteaStates shouldunitedly determine to secedemightthenjoiathem.The President stated, in a recent conversation withgentlemen, that h e intended t o eoQect t h e revenue a tthe hint, and is said to have sloped.Yesterday morning, in the First District Court, Col. A.P. Field presented the following petition in writing —To the Honorable T. O. Hew*.Judge of the First District Court of the Parish of Orleans:—Your petitioner, Harris, by his attorney, A P. Field,offered prayer.Four new auxiliaries were recognized, one In each ofthe States of Indiana, Illinois, Iowa add Missouri. Communications wore received from agents, showing tbe state of the work at home; from Rev. John Mee, Se- cretary of the British and Foreign Bible Society, stating the increasing labors of that'society and giving favorable accounts o£>thetr operations in Italy; from Hon. S. Wells Williams, asking books for stations along the overland route to California, which were granted-from Rev. Pastor Lanne, Oran, in regard to colporteur labors of Rev. Ra- mon Montgalvatee and Mr. Battista Mauri, in Algeria;that t h e official rates o f discount will speedily decline, and the.demand for accommodation has been curtailed in consequence. Capitalists, being of the same opinion, are already offering increased facilities, flret class short dated bills having been negotiated at 5>i per cent, while securi- ties having more than three months to ran, which a few days ago could only be discounted on very onerous condi- tions, are now sought for in banking circles.Owing to unfavorable advices brought by the Fulton from New York, the market for American shares, espe- cially New York end Erie and the Illinois Central, has been very depressed to-day. T h e following informationgreat liberal masses of the nation. Let us hope that the sacrifices which have been made, and the blood which has been shed, will not prove fruitless, and that the Me*frrr acapaa Inishl hy the palmHI uipiiUanw alilub they have undergone, will prove t o t h e worm b y their pro deuce and sound judgment how much they have deserved tbe sympathy which their mlsfortunee have inspired, and that they m a y Mill be entitled to onaataaratton and o r teem. though they mar have been regarded by some as an uncivilized and unchristian people.The following i s a ffeort compendium o f t h e new* broughtbytheTennessee,precededbyabriefaccountof anterior events, which I deem necessary for the betterCharleston,andineasethepresentCollectorresignedhe ofhabeascorpuswasgranted,returnablethismorning, at half-past ten o'clock, before Judge Hani.river, and afforded a fine opportunity to show the great utility of our steam lire engines.Chiniquay colony, in English, French and German-to the Seaman's Retreat, Staten Island; to the Board of Foreign MissionsofReformedProtestantDutchChurch,Inseveralrather steadier at 30 discount buyers.[From the London Telegraph, Nov. 24.]supplied garrison, was aal held by Oenerate fhetilo aad Woft. In consequence, also, of that defeat, the earn division, underthecommandofDOBMiguelRubles,evawould send an officer there for that purpose, and if re-actedintheperformanceofhisdutiesthe presentlawof Congress gave him ample power to enforce their col-lection;whichdoubtlessmeansthathewouldplacea countywasheldinAustin,Texas,onthe17thult.Hon.revenue officer on board a man-of-war, and coHect themC. H. Randolph presided. A committee on resolutions was appointed. *The committee reported a series o f resolutions, which were adopted without a dtosenyng voice. The preamble sets forth the danger the people of Texas aad the rest of t h e S o u t h a r e i n f r o m t h e " e x t r a o r d i n a r y " s t a t e o f p u b l i c aia\irs. in the election to the Presidency of the candidatemen. Damage to stock about $100—insured. The origin of the fire is under investigation by the Fire Marshal.New Stamped Envelopes.E n v e l o p e s , r u l e d a n d u n r u l e d , w i t h a o n e c e n t s t a m p ,with several others of smaller amount, and six volumes in raised letters for the blind.Police Intelligence.A t U i t i : CHAKCB r o a TBX A B O i x n o n s r s . — W m . P e r c i v a l ,The Ism named city has been token, aad its defenders have store Jotocd the liberal army, their former op- ponent. Following their example, t h e forces that,under Fort Moultrie.anticipate any such necessity oa bis part.now apparent in tbe.discount market, will) no doubt,strengthen t h e impression which h a s already gainedground that the authorities will soon be in a position to «der the command of General Marquez, had come toThe Presideat, however, does notHon, Mr. Lamar, of Mississippi, one of the most bril-a colored boy, about 13 years of age, was taken into cas. have been ordered by the Post Office Department, and will tody yesterday by policeman Golden, of the Sixth pre-be for sale at the Post Office on Tuesday, the 11th inst. cinct, on charge of being a deserter from the schoonerThere will also be In readiness at the same time enve- Napoleon, Captain Sirmond, The prisoner, it appears, isr e l a x t h e s t r i n g e n t p o l i c y w h i c h h a s b e e n l a t e l y f o r c e d upon them through the exceptional flow of gold to the Bank of France. The only other feature of importance in the present balance sheet is an addition of £260,675 to the government deposits.Mr r e l i e f f r o m t h e c i t y o f M e x t o o , a f t e r b e a a g I t P a t t e d , likewise enrolled themselves under the same banner As for Puebla. left as that city was without defence, it hasprobably already pronounced fat favor of the constitu- tion: at all events, it can ofi%r no reaattance to case of an attack. It is not necessary, in this short summary, w give tbe details of the military operations which haveliant young men in the South, has received a despatch of a great sectional party, based on ''unconstitutional, fanatical, encroaching and destructive principles" against from his district. notifying htm that be bad been aomi- the right.- and interacts of the South, with a most stub- born and deliberate determination to adhere to the al- aaud as a candidate for a seat in the Convention, which ready existing grievous violations of the constitution of the United Stales, in nearly all the Northern States and which meet! on the 8th of Jaaaary. He intends to leave to persevere in the propagation and establishment of their disastrous doctrines, even to the further humihation, the disgrace and social desolation o f the people o f Texas andIncreased easiness has been experienced in the money market to-day, owiag to the impression that the Bank. ,specie laymeut,the Kentucky bankshave determinedthatsuchameasurewould aJfbrd nocommcca rehof, arrelyreceivethe yokewhichisto beplaced uponourand consequently they will continue t o p a y specie as usual.TENNESSEE.OCB MEMPHIS CORRESPONDENCE.Mawrms, Dee. 4,1860.npon the 4th day of March, lSfl, or shall we, by timely resist- ance, preserve our rights, honor, and equality? People of TfiJUUk KaUWrT!A large company h a s been raised a t Boston, Bowie county, and money subscribed to buy arms and ammu- nition.THB TBXAN SECESSION COCXADB.coln, rwaaef but lead to much uncertainty in this country; interest finds itself in the position of a manvery shy in sending goods to the rutted States with perisible. The current of opinion seemed to set strongly in name of disunion say that the Union must end: that it generally adopted through Texas by those favoring Rev. Dr. Mahan, Professor in the General Theological lessTH>N HERE, ETC.Among the passengers of the steamship Asia, that arrived here on Friday, was the celebrated J. T. Rarey,l e w of a reconstruction of the Union without the New has failed in its mission; that all hopes of conciliation areEagautaatates. Thelatter Statesaresupposedtobeso past:that wehave borne theaggressions andinsults of the North long enongh, and upon the shoulders of theresistance by State action to the principles of the black republican party.HAVE DECLARED THEIB POSITIONS, Ex-Gov. Winston and Col. J . p . Webb, well-known Ala- bama politicians, have declared for immediate secession. Gov.W.wasasupporterofDouglas,andCol.G.aBellelector, during the late canvass.tween Seminary, will preach in the evening. ttte republic.Mrs.CoraL.T.Hatch,the trancemedium,will speak tteaf,backedat Dodworth's Hall,806Broadway,at half-past tea o'clock tbe overwhelm... servative feeling orwill be by the federal forces, ofthefreeStates,andthecon-fanatieal in their views at to render it improbable that there should be any peace under n government to which Ihsy were parties.The debate, which was participated in b y nearly all the Senators present, was diverse, and covered a wide add. Pearce, Powell and Crittenden were for leaving ,untried to save the country from dissolution. The rinaalori from the extreme South were of opinionthat all efforts to even stay the revelation would prove futile. They and their people regarded th e election of Lincoln as a declaration o f war on the part o f the North.It was asserted by many of the Oanators that hi the event of reconstruction, Pennsyrvania, Maryland and NewJersey, and hi fact manyblack republicans must rest the heavy responsibility of sundering this Union.AmeetingwascalledforFridaynight,Nov.80,and about two thousand of oar beat citisens responded to the call. Fiery disunion speeches were made by the most con- servative leaders o f t h e BnU aad Douglas parties, which were warmly applauded. South Carolina was rapturously cheered, aad the strongest Southern feeling prevailed.LOUISIANA.THB ABOLITIONISTS IK NEW ORLEANS. [From the New Orleans Delta, Nov. 30.1Yesterday morning the Mayor was informed by two of our citisens of the fact that n well known personage, named Arthur Robinson, was bandying about very ob- noxious sentiments in the shape o f his anti-slavery opin- ions, disgusting to those with whom h e conversed, and dangerous to the community and. to himself In these feverish times. Hecamefrom IrelandtoNewYork in 1864,andarrivedinNewOrleansinI860,sincewhichwhole country. There is incal- the professor of horse taming- He took rooms in thethe course which the South aristocratic quarters of the Fifth Avenue Hotel, wherewas lately foreman in the Trm*Witness office. Ho has astonished even his most intimate acquaintances. About of the Northern States, would go with the South. They always taken pains to air his abolitionism on every oc- sundown on Friday Mr. Mulligan WHS duly united in theAt Segnin, en the lath, a large number of citiseniThe cockade is the badge common to the citizens of theuntUooeriads onthepartof the new ad-memalar for rebeUitn. So far at Great Arrival o f Ra-rey.the former aUanawx would be THB HOB8E TAMEB IN THB METROPOLIS—HI* KBCBP-CityBnxT MmxuAH's Daraanras roa THIS STATR PRWOK—election with has, as yet, given nowent into the late participating the very fact ofwho gave him some kind, fatherly advice about not re- They fully exonerate Mr. Dully from the charges pre- Perit. Esq*.The anticipated success of tbe measures adopted by the tection. The struggle appears to have come to an endinmaining many hours in New Orleans, teat o u r climateferredagainsthim.P m i re CRBBSWICH STRUCT — About 5 o'clock yesterdaymorning a fire broke out on the top Ooor of the four story building No. 300 Greenwich street, owned and occupied by Hoftman h Curttes as a distillery. Thefiremenquickly responded to the alarm, and were soon a t work, and suc- ceeded In extinguishmg the fire before it extended beyond the building. The three upper floors only were destroyed.respectfully represents that, on the 98th day of November,1800. he was forcibly seised and carried to t i e potlee prisonoftheFirs*dlatrk-tofsaidcity,andhaabeentheredetained Thefire,itissaid,mustharebeentheworkofan without aatoavH or any definite charge, that there isnocom- tocesMuary. The still w a s running a t t h e time, a n d miUnent »•»*»«* htm, and h e i s now confined in said prisonbyorderof theMayorof the cayof NewOrleans,w1thout it is believed that the Incendiary must have any authority of law. Wherefore, he prays that your Honor secreted himself up stairs, and while the workman w a s wingrantbanthewritofHabeascorpus,directedto thefromRev.JeremiahPorter.Chicago,and Rev.D.Butler, is specially supplied from Messrs. E F. Satterthwaitelay. perhaps Monday. South Carolina conventions:as It is unavoidably neoomary that any ac tarn of the people of Texas should betaken before theThe tete advance In ttte English funds haying tod to speculative sates, partrr toj"^'•^.^"T!"' * partly in coosequence of an ******* . " S S f «rdealers thattbj measnreadopted hytbeHankofexecutive power of the general government shall have passed into hostile bands, and ''peaceful action"Permit me through your columns to deny tho AMfHtonf c ^ K a n o a f f i ^" T e r U m t e J ^ t ^WPP** bava^ been<ler'yf° t ^ porehasm totao ga>dueedafa- aad tbe latest pricesetn'securitiesunderwentnochange0railway shares were rather flatter, aturns were particularly depressed, in consequence "of unfavorable advices received b y t h e Fahan from N e w Terk.couW then no longerbe to reapeeTto convene the convrntioo, or' matkmbefore Iiacom'stopraparato' mr—the meeting resolvedsoaenavan- theto a State Convention a t m tho 8th of Jaaaary, I80I.J L T t o t U her more almost BaooaxTN.Dec8,18B0.^ ^ j p g S j ^ S TIntelligence.eJMjjsaj as-J *.*g *•^«*«rtcan eecurrttes tern b e a Wlaote Antral, t*)t,8tfc to 4; do , w.&. « ; do, shares, $*> paid, 36 Sf to X dtecount; New York aad | _ firstmortgage,1967,*X%3,do.sharesassented,81to1 Pennsylvania Central bond.", second mortgage, coovertm'Suojoteed is ttte weekly table, affording a 1 vftw of tbe Bank returns, the Bask rate of the price of consols, the price of wheat, aasembted. W. E. Goodrich presiding, and a resolution adopted to head a mam meeting on the 24th, tocoThe lone Ftar flag has been raised-the ladies cheer- fully preparing the old banner-at WaBetsvffle, Petors- burg and Sweet Home, to Lavaca county, most of the citixens participating in the move. At HalleUaville, Lin- coln was hung in effigy.The Lone star hag floats from the top of theOourtOn the llthi at Dallas, a great meeting of the people took place, a t which i t was unanimously resolved that Texas ought to secede rather than submit to black repub- lican rule.The Tyler Ryorter.pf the 15th. on the receipt of t h e news of Lincoln-s .lection, Issued an extra, headed "To arms 1 To the rescue, Texkns!" It saya>-Our worst fears are realised. Lincoln is elected. Comment, atthisUuie,wouldbeaninsulttothefeelingiofanyTeiiantowhomthis newstaborne. Letus pause foramomentinphlk^pphioal preparation for the events of to-morrow. God between Sixth and Seventh avenues, b y onlyknowswhatoarfateistobe.We,asotthama,whoThirty-third street, corner of Second avenue, Rev. M. E. propriate to the times. Doubtless this badge will be morning and half-past seven o'clock this evening. TheORDINATION.Mr. J. A Griaaes, hue of the New York Theologicallight colored mustache, of the nx VevEnglandStates. Thecaucusadjourned,however, fromhispretensionstosanctimoniousness. Inresponse monywassolemnisedbyJusticeBrennan,Mrs.Flora November,byacommitteeofthePresbyteryofWashte- will hang a dead weight on their bands. Ike style,withabluishgreyeye,wMhasternaadsharp,•erer woakt identify themselves with the fanatics of the him to be a dangerous and suspicious fellow, particularly, any will be proposed either. Many of the isenators thought that propositions or modes ofadjustment ought to come from the republicans.Every hoar eonvlaoaf the more moderate of the people hare that the Crisis Committee will prove a failure. I t scomposition gives great dissatisfaction.If the HMjonHrw of Governor Wtoslow, of North Caro-ther advances will be made by foreign capitalists when so much danger attends the investment? e e e eAmaincauseofthepresentpoliticalfeelingthroughout the North is the tyrannical Fugitive Slave law, by which tbe federal government is bound to seise all runaway ne- groes and restore them to their owners- Mr. Lincoln h a s been elected to abolish this act, and his administration will scarely allow itself to be the sheriff of tbe South- erners, who will bitterly resent his refusal to enforce a law which is the safeguard of their property and lives. The question of ownership of the vast territories of thelina, ami John Cochrane, of Now York, had been followed in their possession:-—through a private entrance to a carriage awaiting outside, in which he was with all speed driven to the Hudson RiverRailroaddepot. Induetimeheleftinthetrain83d year of his age.of their opponents. The local elections of 1861 will re- The new Universalis! church at Meriden was dedicated turn overwhelming republican majorities to the lowereat, a much better state o f things would result.have been t h eThoma*Guy,harm*beenconvictedofbeinganabolitionistbythecitisensofthetownofPassChristian,andbythemaen- forSingSing,towhich hehasbeencondemnedforfour gationalSociety inConcord,N.H.,was dedicated with tooutvotethematthe federal capital. Worse remains whowenttheretobidhimwakinmaSenatorBaker , o fCvegoo,despairso fa n yreconeilte-^w^tobetraiwportedtoafree8taUi,heisnowmthehand«of Mesesra. P. F. Berrean and L, D.fitrdth,with instructions to carry him to New Orleans, aad there to be handed over to the• hWof Poaee,wtth the request that he be forwarded toa tree State. He baa been provided with ouUetont means to defray ht* and family's maaaaae any 888 which will be handed to you by Mr. P. P. Berrean. Youra, reapaetfully,ChairmanVtgilanceCommittee. The Mayor delegated one of his officers to see this man and h i s family aboard o f a steamboat, upon which h e was shipped to Cairo, care of Abe Lincoln. There Ma atramSouthernfeelingarousedinNewOrleansatlast. aad abotMoaatte will soon lean whether or not they can continue to disseminate their incendiary doctrines, andyears and a half of penal servitude.Mmaoas roa THK CAPITOL AT WASHINGTON Two veryelegant mirrors, oue of them eleven feet high by five feetin width, and the other s-ixty-eigbt b y fifty-four inches,and finished in the highest stylo of American art fromoriginaldesigns,fortheCapitolatWashington, wereex- hibited at the store o f B. W . Merriam, No. 8 4 Chathamon the 4th inst.A Presbyterian church h a s lately .been organised a tRichmond, La., consisting of twenty members.MISCELLANEOUS. Sundaylastwasthefirstdayorbeginning of theec elesautteat year , and neoordingly the flret Sunday in Ad-Mr. Rarey leaves this city oa Monday or Tuesday for Ohio, to visit his friends, and after spending a short time recruiting, will again visit the metropolis aad give aand was considered by most of those who knew holy bands of wedlock to Mrs. Mary A Lewis, a widowbe unable to find the means wherewith to carry on their agricultural operations, a a d their slavesSeminary, was ordained an Evangelist on the 20th ofto the Mayor's questions, he admitted having conversed Foster, matron of the Tombs, and Mr. Charles Sutton, the naw. capital invested in slaves is drawn from other sources thansame subject, though h e d id n o t deny having done so. He was committed for examination before the Recorder, and,ashemayescapethe law,itis morethanlikelyhe will be escorted out of the city by some of oar citisens, who think that at the least, If be was perfectly oonscien- tions in denouncing Southerners and trying to alienate the obedient feelings of their slaves, he must have been very unscrupulous during four years t o b e living upon them.We understand that Robinson claimed and received the protection of the British Consul at this port.The same morning Messrs. Berrean k Smith, of Pass Christian, visited t h e Mayor with t h e following tetterpossessed o f considerable attractions, both a s regards person and cash, being only thirty years of age aad quite comfortablysituated. Sheissaidtobewarmlyattached to the unhappy prisoner, concerning whose hard fate she is o f course terribly afflicted. During the trial she was unremitting in her attentions to the prisoner, and excited no small amount of sympathy in his behalf. But law has no regard for sex, age or condition, and its mandate was accordingly fulfilled.street Presbyterian church of Charleston, S. C.INSTALLATIONS.Rev.W.T.Eva, late ofNewark.N.J., wasinstalledpastor of the First Presbyterian church of Kensington, Philadelphia, a few days since.Rev. S. G. Dualap. late graduate o f Alleghany Semi- nary, has been installed as pastor of the Central Presby- terian church, Baltimore.1 VBATH IN THB MINISTRY .piercing look, and to fact, the only point la his paaamal appearance that would indicate to an observer the pawat1 that he possesses over the horse. He would be taken by a physiognomist as more of a practical person, possessing greater tact to apply his knowledge than originality: dresses genteelly and has a pleasant and agreeable ad dress.He left hte rooms at aa carry hour yesterday morning to call upon friends a t the St. Nicholas Hotel, aad spent most of the day thus and looking after his **tZ*t* A large number called at the Fifth Avenue Hotel during thethe two sections, and the slaveholders will scarcely keep' day to await upon him, aad were obliged to go away quiet when they see those territories rapidly peopled without seeing the lion of the day. His roams duringlady, residing at No. 45 Kast Houston street. T h e cere-place aad evening.of the Now aad Formalist.t fLincoln'sEleetiwD onlowest pniM. lt mmm [Prom the Loader Gazette, Nov. 24.1Mr. Frothingham will preach corner of Broadway and Thirtylag and evening at themorning, "Perils of Fortune and of to the evening, "The Church in the1 W"Heathenism In New York" is the su! thisafternoonattheTwentiethstreetUiSJlaSflMthis morning ami seven o'clock this evening.Dr. J. M. Wheaton, the blind lecturer, will deliver a lecture oa the subject of "Our Country,'at the Baptist church in Thirty-fifth street, near Sixth avenue, to-mor-J*row (Monday) evening at eight o'clock. Rev.D.M.Graham, pastor oftheFirstFreeWillBap-nilably greater dange: is most likely—we ml tofollow. Thestare the whole civilised magistrate, elected ««perhaps, say most certain—Ha Taama 10 Hussar a Warn.—Mr. William Mulligan,celebrated somewhat for extraordinary exploits in commence a coarse of lectures this evening, to be con- the majority, and rendering obedience to California, and more recently brought into notice tinued on successive Sabbath evenings, on "Religious properly appointed President. Should thein this city to connection with the redoubted Captain do Riviere, as well as by a bellicose tat with a member of th e Metropolitan Police force, yesterday terminated, for a while a t least, h i s brilliant career in public, having departed for h is destined resi- dence intheSingSingprison. Thedistinguished "Billy" signalizedhisdeparturebyanactwhichthrewtheOBvteHiag Russia caused the Czar to took ar a magician to perform the same deeds. la th e Europeans that some things canSt. Ann's church. Eighteenth street, near Fifth avenue. neutrality, in which the minority will ever be on the qui to h i s watfra eoaatry t o practise h i s a r t a a d Rev. Thomas Gallaudet, rector. Services a s usual a t rire against their opponents, and ready to seise the firstopportunityfordisunion. Itiseasytoforeseewhatmost make oar win! horses as docile aa a iamb. half-pasttenA.M. andhalf-past seven P.M.,withthe bettteeffectofsuchactionuponthecommercialrelations In personaf BBBaaraaos Mr. Rarey Is thelastofthecountry. Uncertaintytomercantileaffairsisposi- thatwouldbe^ttHlafasaaadeptwitha tivedanger,aidtheadoptiontfthispolicybytheSouthwiMinfaUHly destroy the confidence of every capitalist in and flery animal. He tea Uttto below the medium: Europe; in other words, Southern planters will rather slim built, Ugh* nmnpteilminithont aaaaaayaaBdag anything, or proposing any mode with free negroes on the subject of abolitionism, but re- popular warden, acting respectivelv as bridesmaid and INVITATION. the Southern States, and the vast majority of those slaves sfutTlamwTIttenotatallhkeiy,judgingfromtheirfusedtostatewhetherbehadtalkedwithslavesonthegroomsman.Wearecrediblyinformedthatthebrideis Rev.AP.SmithliasacceptedacallfromtheGlebearemortgaged.Isitreasonabletosupposethatanyfur-heworkedascompositorintheOriaaafawoffice,and '•b'noys"totesomethingofasurprisefortheday,and Ewerwillpreach. Seatsfree.vtist church, Twenty-eighth street, near Broadway, willvolves t h e necessityo frecognizingt h eLife In England."' This reverend gentleman has recently returned from Europe, and no doubt the lectures will b e interesting.voice,andinthesignlanguageat3P.M. Rev.F.C.About eleven o'clock yesterday morning Mulligan badean affectionate adieu to his new ly made wife, and wasimmediately afterwards conducted from the Tombs Irvington) died at Philadelphia on the 4th inst., in the confederation will be a fruitful source of discord betweenRev. Dr. James Bmen (father of Rev. J. M. Brum, ofNEW CHTBCHES. Onthe27thalt.thenewchurchoftheSouthCongre-Theterseroneofthetwoisforthe"GiltRoom,"<other tor the aaaaasy ami Naval Conimtttoe mas wiO^wnaauag days. Theetemsniieal year is wereenlylocal;butwhenananti-slavery President rulesatBfexleiut of Peace. MBXICANCOMSTLThesetwomirrorscompletethecontractfor thirty-three of three mammoth mirrors, twenty of which are in their places in the Capitol. In connection with•BKBBAL.[From the New Orleans Picayune of Nov. 30.]seven in number- The Ember days, or Quarter Tenses, would ruin their masters, threw thousands qfour manufac- this Consulate, and their evident solicitate in regard toin the Brooklynsevenin thesive firms in other cities competed for this contract, but day to the firstday in Advent, or the beginning of the man in tbe Northern States, is likely to be productive ofthe elaborate artistic designs of the New York firm were ecclesiastical year. The days of the holy obligation are ^mister results amongst the negroes of tbe South. Tail 1he interest manifested by many persons on calling atuse—tbe postage and carrier's fee being both paid b y the one cent stamp, and for circulars to be transmitted b y jaati They w U l b e a great convenience t o business houses, saving the time and labor of affixing stamps. We anticipate a very extensive sale for them. The four cent envelopes will be a great convenience to Swee who use tbe lamppost boxes for letters to b e transmitted b y mail, the two stamps covering the mail postage and the carrier's fee.The Mwrder In Twelfth Street. TO THB BMTOB OF THB HERALD.at the present time, aad, toaaanaoally, t h e iHaaiirm o f the country.n ^ relation* with the deceased made it necessary forthe polfce that he would have to forfeit a fine of $500 If he did am return Percival to Trinidad, and demanded that ta* deserter should be placed in his immediate cus- tody. MeanwhiletheBritishConsulgotwhatofthe affair, and en having an interview with the prisoner he gave notice that he would defend the boy to the last.atai t h a Prince off Wsdca Klect Unootnlthosewhodesireto<diately t'er the mafthere they will tosacrifice they may have act me the capital they take tthe wealth of that aJsaastsociety, end character of tHtmeC jjM^BJBwE m \ suits, seems to me <find there the samefind hospitality sa4aaatohUkr mmfam»""•*»• ntcmoatoi*. Of this •rnto^aO nnarr^rw» iT©ffavor to give publicity to "that uimmwffltreiloti toy widely earcateted aad much estoesned paper, I ram1Efm the ^ " r ^ s p o n d ^ - ef the Ixsnton Chrosucle.] Captain Dowling decided to hold the prisoner in his cusdoaWmf^S^S^u^SmS^uyton to spell then- wayto aemamofMr. IJBCOUVS electa* to the Prea-aMi-stevery caaaidato to thetoeyaatiltan authorities,Baattar should b e decided by the lawful ^ =Amertoaac depressoed. Thhee shares of the Ornate Central,^SnSk^l*&£^£frU.FrhamafBracuas—A BAR Bu>wx Oraa —As po tht Fourth precinct, was patrolling ate beat about half past three o'clock yesterday morning, he hoard a load none,as tf produced by anexplcmoo,proceeding from the asls!ItemanH of htoaaat. J * M._ paid, were largely dealt in. prices varying from 2 » t o « dtoconnt. The seven per cent bonds were flat, 86*: and New York aad Brto assented shares declined to « 1 « a 32a 33, the advices from Hew York bamg uw^verante. [From the London Herald, Nov. 24.]There was a sudden and decided fall to the qnetatieos of American securities, to consequence o f the disturbed feeling excited by the roiuhoftho tote Presidential elee tton, and the awaaSaaS were rather of an Important character aaaaai<M»sharesshiwil aretrogressionof 4 per cent, having been dealt to as low as 31 and 29 dis- count, and the test price was SOto Sf daoount. The bonds were 1 per cent lower , having been BCgottoted a t fit*. New York aad Erie assented shares receded fully to the extant of t yet cent having alternated beti— 32.33 and 81»;: at thVclose {here was Bo recovery.the ratoMfoucraay left off with tadwhich occur four times a year, are on Wednesdays, Fri- daysandSaturday:—First. immediatelyafterthefirst SundaytoLent;second.InWhitSundayweek;third,im- mediately after 10th September; fourth, immediately after the third Sunday In Advent.The East New Jersey Baptist Pastoral Conference will meet at Middletown on Tuesday, 11th inst.Two Indiana churches deducted one-fourth of their mi- nisters' salaries because they had been ill two months.The first Methodist Episcopal church in America was built in 1760. There are now 14,000.Rev. F. M. Dimmick, recently ordained as an Evangel- ist, by the Presbytery of Cincinnati, has gone to Ouiaha City, Nebraska Territory, as a missionary of the Church Extension Committee.AMERICAN BIBLE SOCIETY.The stated meeting of the managers was held at theBibleHouse,Astorplace,onThursday,the6thInst.,at half-past w e e P. M.—Hon. Luther Bradish in the chair,turt-nt out of tmph.yment. and effect such a panic in the moneymarhisofthexovMaswasneverbeforeexperienced. [FromtheLondonGlobe,Nov.23.]pressed, are in steady request, without any material the army, a few large proprietors aad some speculator*, alteration in prices. - . not all Mexicans, who enrich themselves under their pro-J$refusingand who Theythree years, during which time h e h a s astonished John Boll with his feats with the horse, accomplished won ders to thetendof the theoretical Frenchman, caused the Arabs of Asia to look with amazement and call upon Allah to attest h is wonderful power. The Ishu Pacha of Turkey gave him free access amongst his well trainedfrom the North, andentering theUnionasStates theevening werethrongedwithformer acquaintances the usual exercises. behind. Every year tells against the South and to favorHouse of Congress, and the Senate itself is likely to be-a n dTheRev.W.H.KorrisreadtheForty-sixthPsalmand BanksofEnglandand.Francehasledtoanexpectatioo accordancewithreasonandjustice,asrepresentedbytheinregardtotheworkInItaly(theBoardatthetestmeet- ing authorised the employment of additional colporteurs inthatcountry); from Rev.S. B. Bergne, Secretary of British and Foreign Bible Society, in regard to printing the Turkish translation ofthe Scriptures, nowintbeCol. Field stated that his client had been seised in thestreetandincarceratedwithoutprocessoflaw,andthatwhatremarkablethatallofthethreeim-oftheSCTjptureainBulgaria. share?—theformerhavegivenwayto30and32,andrecognizedtheauthorityoftheaoaatotoataaalgovernMKJrable J. T. Monroe, Mayorof the city of New Orleans, Suing coal into the furnace fired the premises. The orJohnMcClelland,CMafof Police,to produce the bodyof don machinery, stock and building will amount toyour petitioner before your Honor at such time and place as yourHonorshalldirect,together with thecauseofhtocap- tureanddetention;andhepraysforgeneralrelief.ACo.:—Themarket forAmerican securities,whichhadbeen steadily improving during the week, has suffered comprehension of the subject, omitting coaimentoriee or-'thissystemofoppressionmustbestopped." Thewritportant fires which occurred during the, stop- GrantsofbooksweremadetoWilherforceUniversity— the latter,which closed test night26and25discount, meat,withtheexceptionofthecityofGoadatajara,the pageoftheCrotonwaterwereincloseproximitytothe AcharitableinstitutionforcoloredyouthinOhio;tothe openedthismorning30and28,aftertouching31close, secondintherepublic,which,withastroheaadw^nTEXAS.PCBLIC SFVPratBNT IN THB LOW! STAB STATE.FuiKreBKAVBSSTRUCT.—Betweenthreeandfouro'clock languages,forBrazil;GermanTestamentsfordistribu- ThechangesexhibitedintheBankofEnglandweekly coatedthecitiesofCordova,JalapaandOVfzava,am)con-A l a r g e l y a t t e n d e d m e e t i n g 01 t h e c i t i z e n s o f T r a v non Saturday afternoon a fire was discovered in the store tion in Berlin, Canada; Bibles for Cape Faunas, Africa; to o f L i o n e l M o s e s , c o m m i s s i o n m e r c h a n t , N o . 5 2 B e a v e r J . S . P i e r s o n , F a t , . , b o o k s i n v a r i o u s l a n g u a g e s f o r d i s t r i - street. Theflamesweresoonextinguishedbythofire- butionbycaptainsofvesselssailingtoforeignports,return, dated the 21st inst., are more satisfactory than centrated in Mexico, where, atoa, tbe garrisons of Tolan m i g h t h a v e b e e n a n t i c i p a t e d , t h e c i r c u l a t i o n h a v i n g b e e n c i n g o . P a c h u c e , T o l u c a a a d C u e r n a v a c a , w e r e o r d e r e d t o contractedtotbeextentof£216,765,whichhastodtoan repair;sothattherenowremainedunderthecontrol increase in the reserves of notes and gold. These results, of Miremon only the capital. Puebla and Guadalajara. together with the strong reactionery tendency which isabout $16,000. Insured for 818.000, as follows:—Relief,$2,250;Stuvvesant,$1,400;NorthAmerican, $2,250;Exceteior, $1,500; Rutgers, $1,700; Artisans', 2,250; courseofpreparationat Constantinople; fromRev.Isaac market inNew York hadagain seriously givenway. of September test, thewhole countrybetween thetwo Exchange, $2^00—Total, $18,600. It is some- G. Bliss, with very encouraging facts as to the circulation The stock most affected here are Erie shares and Illinois seas, aad as far as the American freawtor oa she aoraVlopes, ruled and unruled, embossed with the one cent and a native of Trinidad, W. I., and is a British subject, histhe three cent stamps. The former are intended for city father being a soldier in the English army, stationed at rate will be sneedny reduced, which h » led ton con- brought about these results, what baa been said is «af-the above mentioned colony. Captain Sirmond m et the traction of the demaad, and a greater desire on the part nrient to explain the position of the contending parttesprisoner at Trinidad one d a y , a n d being in want o f a sabia bey, asked Percival how he would like to take a trip to the United States and back. The boy gladly ac- cepted tbe offer, and four days after tbe agreement was made tho schooner set sail for this country. The Napo- leon touched at Hampton Roads, and after a delay of some day* proceeded on her voyage to New York. Soon after the arrival of the vessel in that port Per- cival and a number of the crew (all negroes) de- serted, leaving t h e Captain i n t h e lurch. Descrip- tions of the runaways were furn^hed the police, but t h e cabin boj#oems to have been the only one the officers could And. When taken into custody, Percival told Captain Dowling, of the Sixth precinct police, that he wasafraid Captain Sirmond wanted to take him South and made as to an engagement existing between the de- sell him as a slave. This was the reason he had aban- ceased Mrs. SnanXand myself; 1*e ptrUss who testi- doned the vessel, aad bis companions, be said, were ac- ovemor Houston, eRher th-d that there was were no doubt mistaken. My busi- tuated by similar motive*. Captain Sirmond InformedUntitled Documentto bebuttheinterior wasfoundice was ooftre.Closerby aa attempt on the pert of ^ a a t V Thedoorof theto bloway^eftSiore aoxiinpiishmg anythingKt oThere was no-quitearelap* onthereceiptif intelligence this morningby the Fultm that the secession party in the Southern mates were actirelyprosecutingtheir news, andthatthe stockreflections:— «After the defeat of the reactionary army, aader the commandofDonMiguelMiramou,near8iteo,tothemoathto relieve the Bank oT^»nCl.""L^Lf^nt £ ^ S irailwaysecuritiesOB a h aStocko fM eawwfsoJto| dmss Ci^lLu^dmmti p.^aerclto'V^ISSttcal matters so unsettled. They apprehend a dtoaatoa. string to his bow, andthat *rinf endanger Whatever ttte cause may be, it is certain that there tea there are but two solutions of the Gordian knot very great falling off of freights; only three ships areofbnSSm.npffililffr iffjlnilffi 1• fm n Southern Statesofthe loading for New York. 1 doubt If any of us get 1Inthe Protestant EpiscopalChurchof the Atonement, I iunUresoheonimmediatesecession,ortheywiU adept hah*fall.he was waited upon by his friends aad admirers during obediencetoachief FridayeveningandSaturday. Beternbeenabsentabout'unTl^xtrcelydarethecontmptofconvention for deriding upon the time and manbe"rHf?secession ever meet, there a r e numbers o f sufficientlycalm and long sighted Southern statesmen who will showthat safety for the present and nope for the future lie la awaiting policy atone. This policy will resemble an armed be done aa wBfl as others, he has now returnedcome republican during t h e administration o f Mr. Lin-coln. It is this fact which, as much as any other, series of exhibitions in our midst, at which time be willAl&li.n7coin• thaiCoin and bullionPansrateofdiscount a^TOam^ PriceofconsolsAve. price of wheat. 6M1Sa. 3d. 4 U jd. 4 s T k ateTft.7,a6S,«72 18.780£» 1 **f> w.f *wHi#*ff •earsaa,w^s*thevhatwww.fultonhistory.comother than the damage to the safe door. 309 South 4th StreetFulton New York 13069ThomasM. Tryniski(mart*,, who wm en^af a .arty ofwent Into Fares* eosmty, ra., one wewtanj expenawas^to deathoa~~^J*»J*» 