 coningprofeaaionalsieves, rat-trapa, &c.,hav| injured us,and thepleasureofbeingtor" is purely commercial, and amacka of degreaataaBbseqneat period facade IkeapataHMa .Vjbm cuAmmmtt. '^anm etaia In thanaigkbod^wdaf fboryatn mofaattdlttMiteOair [ttdionth*litterdattititoftendifllc4tlb 'tflrtaet InfcmilioD, and affl4 e#*athBT thelargepioportlonofthaWjSedftomnr^mABomsofBaftic*A>' dltioaalwingsforth*6igra' J«*«Bll» OeliiKataU. erected, and thia b tkimi IbaMtijeetofBefonmttorjEdocaUon,and toeffectamorethwn~^of ft« bMk niinhndi of eoodactiiic it, 1* one of to give elEcleiicy to agieatvarietrafa 'dingtbdVaM^oMIt0* offagemanrnd Jneraaaini ita affidmisr TSBile offeadata.into itsiu Indhatrial system. iU regimen, government,ThoouB Bddy, Anaelvations made at Girard College between thefrom top to bottom, ao that as the screw revolves 1840 and 1845. He treata particularly' of ftiese ob-aom* aa to the maani of let ua fOWMttonscondition, aa to conduct thamaelvea well, for from three to aome 6,000 !»., and wIU seat 10 to 12 people, andThe aeeaiiin tba ra{oiinatlo& of jn-Tiie HoW'Toik Honae of BaAige ia the oldeat character of the inteUectual and moral inatruc-five yean after leaving the institution..fur is published by Wiiiii— Tinckwa'flB^I^IutfaiOpic fitiuJMimA haTincderotednorth andlent •- »i portrait,the means of gratifying their taate fbr aiKh performancea. The knowledge ofof iron, of the height of^ the car, and re-to honeaty |bi>ta!nelsewhere.The publication of Morphia's Games at Chesscareer, prepared a re-&c. A few of them are alao whothe wrong rope or do the wrong thing—thia is the —lightening the day s labon. The term " eleva- eocfataifaitad,—a proeeas wUd, whaaBiaaywiiitf'"punishments are, degradation from a higher to a meaaa of auat^ning their inatitution from the lower claaa, de-privation of play hours, tak-andthey memorialized the Legisla-to workfull houra, being sent to bed at sunset, bread and water diet,wheels or roUera which rest at differentthe top of the screw thread. These are really the addition to a satisfactory Msmoir of Mr. Mokpet,of $40amonntwd the laat year to about $5,800.In1848.theBoardmadeapplicationfor aportionFottrti—The tmaof tha as improvamcqttenmetal,times the ia another(aids dap trnas. in ^dltfan to ths pialactfan^eh iwthe Managers to seek for thetheaefaet^promptedaooicee which thoa aupplied them with inmates ing away taak-work and compelling themthe lovera of that a debt of gamewho has edltad andakill. The volumeaeeoidingly,tore to grant them $8,000 per annum &om the sopperlessFirtt—A leading detideratum with the travel- prac- ing public (everybody) is low rooma at hotels ; itpointaonlapublished bythe ApPLVloaa. Itcomprises,in^they now do, then be but am^fam of note for alt—from the per capita tax on immigrants, col-is indeed, mora aalubrioua and quiet above, andoftheSchoolMoneyfromtheBoardofEducationand received it. They received the past yearteachers, it is unquestionably true that a largs ma-aaacceaaoryofcomfbtt,istheprivate dwelling.sbaft,.t't„»,,^TrTiT —l»aaasta-a»a^ynearly $5,500 from this source. In 1849, Mr. acta of violence and insubordinationWood was transferred to Ihe Western House;—Cbasi, Boeton. It ia Edltadbar Bev. bradtar,IlI.fJfi!!rSyouBf waaseBttoeaUnpaatheto«riMpwP<«^»j;^^,te 4*,waaabout andthe $900,000,; itmiyiBgfarteiedooe end of Her ropetures in further preparing tlie grounds,movl(^information to ths traveler.§s..ce of Kissinga,fdemoaBsSttrraaUwo—a*s ware a. - oth«rfemJofa'e""j-i^jx^i^~^jj,-z_^-w^,iw^»- sthe tegUagdivlsioa farthefemale walla, 4c.,fcofmain bniUUng,It 80same number ofthe boyacould be broken into vertical diatanca from uptoto basement^-?!!l H^'^K*' generousweight lowenBobkkt JamxbMA>a,iL^fft!:.^ 6fsatin^"i'V,car,it, and thethor ia Dr.raUanofthawaB, (n feet high and 1 «set thick.) .ndthe and what Influences would be greatestpower,most sfiective in combating them, and we might hope for a stUl larger per centage of raformatloas.of Befuge forfurnace-heated house, ia not a self-evident propo- sition.well, begina to descendlltKTately tore the bed Mnthterjato sniiwh-yfurniture subsequent expendi-ahlfta the belt andstopped by an mfant's handin terms so as to afford generalto foepia frum tke wiadow sadjtesSSSli nssTlsr "*building department, hadIf the mas!>es think they cannot afford the im- provement as a standard comfort, how can thes;ly done ?of tisefulness is boundless.side of this cylinder and attached to it, areeightor fromannum. Thelicenaesoftheatrea, circuaea, Ac dax,goodwheatbread,aonps,mush.Ac., allwellper$20to$30 perhead.The foodweUIn 1836 Kr. CcbtisbyNATHASixL C. Habt, who continued in theSuperintendencyTcxbt, Jr.,Issued l>y sdA ~ ' so)newhat State agalBBtresigned,till 1837, when Datid previously bis assistant, took charge of thelnstitn- tion. In 1839, owing to the which wereis prefixed by a portrait of Madame Lola;aof < tioa, thatafors, Mew-Yarfc Stato, 'tea, would be that of foe Sate Biproceed to inquirepresentSnginetring PreetimtMtioo there Imparted. »-»«_.tochild, which are publlahadJboys are divided into two sections, called thevary improbable, that a boy who haa paaaad sev-ings will of eooias be on a smaller scale, thoagfaaouth divisions. The north dimtxon,eanCJH iud eonilmiaaa attntlon to ita manage- consisting of the boys of more vicious character, may become a Member of Congreaa, a Minister totha same As an embodlmsnt priac^lsa,in hiaport Ibr the Sodety; on javenile d^quency, aug- employed on the grounda. The ahoe-maklng, allowed the privilege of benefiting othera, mightgeatiog a Honae of Befuge; thia report waa read chair-making and wire-work are all performed un- be introduced with advantage, among the rewardsa distinctive t>adge.The Class of Honor have al.;desirableness,one or two strataCity authorities, an appropriation of $10,000 from the ishment. Punishment ia to be deliberate, and rooms is but a compromise between high prices, one side. Nowlequeet.Theynextaskedforandreceivedfromtha ness);lastly,ifalnolutelynecessary,corporealpun- Xxcise Fund, arising f^om the licenses for the. sale of never inflicted in anger or passion.only;dust and noise, on the one hand, and excessivel WilaieJliquora, and for the requirement of a llcenae vary-ing from $250 to $500 from each theatre, circus orother place of amnaement. InUeuof tbefirat twothey now receive from the State an appropriation of the children'a earainga ia from $12,000 tostair-climbingare the same all over theagatostcoUaterafafaUksaanara*The aimual expenses of the establiahiaent are from $46,000 to $S0,00<rper annum, and will aver-;deadblow, aa in case ordinary elevator,rage$80;anyProfessionslplayerawill$17,000,houaewould be the fall to pieces.' The danger to be apprehended, will not fail to be delighted with the narratives offrom $75 to for each child theamountThatbead for their average number of In-matea, and from the City tha anm of $8,000 per fumiahed ia good and wholesome ; meat once a the univeraal comfort and*l Ceataaapad ttt aapaMd a* thaTotfc "—sash aaaasodor psfatadaafosassBsathsfaB' aMMtedbythauaatwass<taasAaaaaftha.iviwi^hscrupulousneatness. We food, both in qual-^ ity and quantity, is better than that of the laboringdaasea generally. The provision for bathing. Ven- tilation, and exercise, are admirable andlHiUy suffi-slcookedandservedand waa succeeded are inclined to believe thaMheThe making in the arrangement of the streets, and the vided with all theis anecessary appliancea foi^be shifted by a wire rope passing through the car fronLthe driving pulley on the aaid ahaft,to a looseof the leading events in the life of that notorioua lady.changescient.hospitalfine room, shd amply pro-kaowatobaof-parts. 'On the bottShoftheacr^w, nedly become attached to the Superintendent andneces-TbelastvolumeoftbeworksofMaboasrqualqityofthapaperdo H'i/Ai'ft— has been iasued by Baow>, I^AOOABO & fart kad eenvanfanca ba«sBMjorityrestrained, by any affection,<«» -twelve each nowfamilies,apartmentaITSwlio clotlies the fooBwireat ooce aroasad. "iJSfcr rtlVST><Sabaady exlat- for a seecnd time, or, what fa more bdasntabl^ an aiit>iii»i<i uij apacaimiMrt'to bnlffa Iniitble ^^IhaeooplaMneM^tton of fte'reuiden, naoaressoflbefbn a large .audience, at the City Aaaembly der contract. The work, after the boys have be- and incentives to good conduct. Ths higheat mo- and ita accompanying intenaifier Momentum.'Booma, on the Tlh of February, 1823, and led to come accustomed to ia done tha for tivea to right action will ganerally be fotmd ths it, by piece,But Nature is not partial and one-aided in her pro-NEW PUBLICATIONS.lag to (be prevkmsty exfatfag great vaifair of di la dreulatlca, ontil sueb time as ths bo& ettbm which were eomiiarfaWddrealatlaa. It.Uas earfurther aetioa Bnbacriptidna were made, a char- the moetand an active boy can often accom- most effectualvisionslootter obtained the next year, and a grant made bythe Corporation of a portion of what ia now Hadi-aon-aquare, then occupied by a United Statai der toThere ia need in this Institution, as well aa inquite maalfast, tfaatetea, fonllaa..ott, Stephen Allen, Henry J. WyckoiTcar,this or nearly filling space,nton, who had been choaenchildren are divided into five graideaizes every one with Bank\fgxtenda the Flftk>aTeBBe Hetel—Talaa af tke Prla- to the right or left, the car ascends or descends.yean servations aa they relate to the eleven-year period,by Joaepb Grinnell, Hugh Maxwell, Henry Head, Chaplain and the head teacher. Two sermpna are delivered, and there are also Iwo aesaions of the"^levmtara."The normal achievements of steam have is 90 feet long, 12 inphes in diameter across the the disturbances of the magnetic declination. Prof. sueeeaaful forgery of ths Baakaf bgjaad aolaa lawell knows, tbe guards srtnptai by that estaUlah- ment befag found snlBriently silrsfloni fa snpprssa-Baamel Cowdiey, John Targee, Arthur Burtia,Peter A. Jay, Gilbert Content, ComeUos B. Duffieaad Jamea Lorett. It would not have been easy, conmiodious one theW. H. C. Babtutt, of the Weat Point Military)aad fs> all A guide-way -at one comer of the well prevents thecarfromturningaroundwiththescrew.Theacrew inthe'amplitudeofthesolardiurnalvariation,andplishconaiderably withinpart, hia taakThe Janoary nnmber of the American Jour-other of almilar character in thia country, of incompressibility of water. Under a given weight, nal of Scienc* and Arts, more popularly kaoam loogOatam prnssnl systasa as, ths aoooaarialthe allotted working houra, and is then at liberty (of courae un-orArmoal, which, by arrangement with the United The girls are employed>in waahing, cooking and of suitable teachera and aaaistanta. No one ahould always— or inaa SUHman's Jottmai, containa numerous arti-proper auperviaion)play, read,study.Sabbath-school. The chapel is a very neat andboys occupy audience-room, and the girls the gallery.Imltsthms—Oosmafaguard,fa siHlHsaSuperintendent,the Houae of Befuge, with ttiree boys and the Cioat of Honor. Claaa No. 4 is composed ofpaperon osmious acid and on the numerical rela-EnglaadBa(as,flutaeopenedaix glxia. In April following, the Legislature made those who ^re vicious, stubborn and refractory. course tke cause of thisbetween the number of most casual observer could readily detect a apoifaaa equivalentcame evident to the Managers, that the increasenot free from vicious Class No. 1 quite, practices.includes those w.{io do not lie or use profane or ob- 'forming boxes in which the screw turns. Thus made,covered in the cretaceous rocks of Nebraska, andcame mainly &om three aourcea, viz.from thechildren of poor and often vicious enugrants ; from scene language, who attend to their work andihe screw willthe of and the .intemperance parents,screw rests sixteen anti-friction rollers', uponnotices Mr. compiled bytheth^;College,ia-extensive re-:supportweightpos-the new of crinoidea from the aubcar- speciesbe sdopled wUchgreatly suppraas or aUchildrenand thenish the general reader with much valuable in-frequentandabandoimient of stairs, as a regular and ordinary haved well and incurred no reproofs for three convenience, ia likely to conduce to both comfortgeographical Librarian of YaleGilkav, exceedinglywanil miaery and ignorance offtoaihe eziatence e( theatrM, circuses, tc,whoaa NminaemeDta offered auch temptationa to montha, ara enrolled in the Claaa of Honor. The chBdran a».to lead them often to petty acta of dla- Class of Honor and Class No. 1 are each allowedwhich allow it to revolve With tbe greatest eaae,althoughthe'weight of the whole is not ieaa than teresting summary of scientific intelligence, fur-ed to eacape. Those of this claaa who have be-—4, 3, 2, 1, and_ .,theelplefar PrivateRealdeaeaa,or, aa it is commonly calle^the deceimialperioduntiring helperwhile it hurries us over land and sea, it has not carried us and oura to our chambers and houae-studiea, are not quarelsome, and have not attempt- tops quicklyspuriousJias been snceessfnl. Is cmeAuiw that a sjalam mtfconsigned to prison. Of thoas indentured by tha recapldM^.'tfhat a glottona placa—a high storylaMBat, antl-fHctkm 'bearing aad stopping ropes A CleeJk and WmtckmtJM'iQck imporUBca, aad IhtoItm the fatura pioapari-ty nd •ecnrtty of onr l«ig« citiM to mich an ex-tant,lh«tw«a««Bi no apology necwsmiy for p»- probably be rqiened daring the preeent month. dition of nearly all once a year, and of a part awfiil stainsmtiBf toliMiTiMdeia • abort Uatoiy df ttwHouaa Having thua briefly aketched the important once in aix montha. A catafbl investigation Indl- Tha diiaf advantage of steam (or of some one readily imagined by macUaista. The carriaeaS? of Baftifa, brfef deacripUon of iu pwtent jnan- events of tha paat history of the Houae of Ebfug^ catea that 76 par cant, of thaae are ao far raibrmad of the natural mown) over alalia, la yat to ba feetpw mhwta, wa<tfca,wUh tba thimble or Bttt,ing. -.>The female department, just completed, will Managera, they are generally abSs to learn the con- at the house-top room, light, quiet,—eral yean of his childhood in the Hooae ofmwit. ,,jaor >w»tHM>aa* paennlaiy aaaiatance to and who would be moat likely to contaminate a foreign nation, a Governor of a State, or even moat common occurrence,) by atretched or wom- itself a feature of grsat baaoty. Xhecarmayba a »BsB^a,needs WMRk an inatiration. Hare, then, if any-, hour'a achooUag in Winter, and an hour in Simi< them. They aad can become honeat, mayTheropea. If thabelt onthe driving pulleyaUpa,(aInvolvingoftaateand architsctaral pioportiaa, it may ba inIta dta ia an' admirable one, aadteMBMBa-iO* leaolt of careful and criticaltbosa with whom they might associate, rise at 6^BDnaoaated by «la*JMMr<flcaioaiy a day pasaaa wtthoat the notice efany needed aztent.ieMaHii'%* to the beat plana for lupplT'os tba during tha Bummer montha; and have balf-an- dren, that no aneh high deatiny awaita moat of dous.but it ia a fset which it would be batter to impreae upon tba chil-offbelt lacinga,.the load begina to descend, and aooo acqulrea a velodty, that ia, a new and tremen- downward force, which renders the small,o'clock in Winter. 6 in March and October, and 5^asiaa attsiigt ignanUr. saniiiftiU^upright, friction pf the belt of no account, and down comea wtm^ <* bate a model achool on the congregated mer, before breakfast. Half-an-hour ia allowed for ctmscientions and hard-working laboran and me- the whole maas aa if thrown from theplan, klid we may expect to find aU that that aya- breakfut, and an hour for dinner and these ;chanica beHouse-top, effect 7 It ia believed that this new and excePrealdent of the United Btateacircular aoCa, as ta»-i-titicanopy. Tbe sen«r, a ImBxedar gilded spiral shaft—tbe Ifaie of grsee, extending from loOf to hall, with elaborate base and capital—wbat bat- ter elementa could there be for archltaetnmlpro- nounced feasible. It ia in accordance with theeight and a half tons. The " nut'l of the -screw issfciafsg^thsrwearineaa inon the other handat ntasaal. eaah Dotebetagpayabtoto baaiar aadaBand "sspsria-to doubt itsofpeculiarconstruction, to avoid friction. It is a formation which it wouldrequirewe apprehend that oorbeyond suggesiioasspirit of the ageso some other privileges and immunities. Tha who argued that the uae of steamboata was tempt- sembling a large post in the car, embracing theDOWis to return the obsolete belief of the ancient worthies,ingProvidence. Canitbeaafelyandeconomical-If it can, ita fieldenjoyforThat is the question.gratitude toLcvtzhthai.,;wall fordeliwiaeata. Whetherithaa,inthepaat,doneall inSummer,having,however,theintermissionof mayrear,butveryfewofthemwilleverattainex- pers,whichcatchInteethattbeaideofthepaa- vateandconmiercialbuildings. Astopower,a wabaaks.eachhavfagaaspaiatafasaseflfa«Wk,toUmcan accompllslf for the reformaUonofjUTenae are kept at worit aeven houra In Winter, and eight those whom they love, and for the famiUaa thay breaka. Then there arewliich it micht liaTO done for tliem, we cannot aayIt haa had ohataclea to contend agunat which are mer, they are auiamoned to aupper, after whicli, them for the sober realities of life, it ia prejudicial after a aiiort failaiiatad in iCew-Todt, ainoa 181S, a " Society forand an hour in Summer, before breakfaatandan institution. ThefiratistheImportanceofdevisingcommonlineofOracaloricanytaiyr af geatdna ftU oeeaiibaof Paapoiam and Crime," and aer- eral pOMnmnt eirenmatanoee had led aome of itahour after work tillfor and do not to school, gosome now aowhich thein vice, aolit&y;the dinner-hour. At 4 in Winter, and 4^ in Sum- alted atation, and ao far aa this ambition tmfitsnow bvpflrremoved bat that it haa accomplish- ;ed ( Ttat nioant of good canno^ be doabted.The Ifew-Tork Houae of Befuge waa incorpo- poaed mostly of younger and better boys, rise at themselvea to our mind, aa an improvement onrated b> 18M, and opened Jan. 1, 1826. There had the same hour, but have half-an-honr in Winter, the present management of this really excsUsntnothingheadlongtill 8 o'clock,an auxiliary to stairs,breakfast, o'clock.mayKaxwsu, to take an inteieat in the condition of diviaion have only three and a half in Summer, liable to conatant inspection, as practiced at Hat-economytl^ 1'jpian<hiiiaafetymoat aetiffs membeia, and parttcnlarly JOHX Gaia- houra aTheae boya labor only aix the year, and have four andamong thefisarfully prevalent iimtataa,event tbcBL Bestdes, who fa tt that eanfas a porter ia bfapodtstT There fa na 4saHand awrahaidened CTbntnala, and when diachargadThe work for the South diviaion ia ahoe-maiung,amount of and moral direct religioua inatmctionybkasing to aged peraona and invalids, toanjoythe" kasnlog of coontaiMts evU, and Is attended with muchwere found to be adepts in vice. Ur. JaxM W. Ouaai), at that time a young but emi-fiomfciaonchair-aeating, tailoringcap-making, (forindirect,dining-room,boys;they mayableprovidebefore it tsprings ftop-but such is the remorseless momentum thatllwit device will be largely introduced into public, pri-porter could aa easQy work it aa a countryman KveiyaBefa tnHasss knows fUtoMUS^kare in the achool-room. At 8 to them.o'clock they go to bed. The aouth diviaion, com- There ara two or three pointa which anggfst ty is impracticable with the old devieaa.invalida and occaaionalnaea. For ordinary purpoaea, one steam-engine, aaee fa had to Baak NotoSapnrtaa, fart thaMaaiatheyaadthatatbartai^baoaaalBiMb;engine wereaetlyeverya training school for the selection and inatruction it will flow through a given orifice in a given timetbe sameespecially valuable by forger, tbrough the extraoie dlfleolty on ffea''faif and with the proceeds of the aubacription, by that Their school-hours are the same aa the boys. drudgery or task-work, to be endured for the sake long momentum has no chance to interfere in the Flora of Tasmania, a work now in course of be eaabfad to dlsttwnh* withwhich will be foundBtatea Goremment, waa tranafered to the man- housework generally, and in the nunufacture of be suffered to enter upon this work who haa not a whatever position or circumstances, the weight that class of readen whose 'wanta the publication of tha pubUe of becoa agara of the iMwly-incorporated Houae ofBefiige, clothing and bedding, for themselves and the boya. mission for it ; none who will undertake it aa may be released, by intention or accident, head- BO fully meets. The introductory essay to the qoalntad with se gnattime amounting to about (20,000, fitted up for theTeceiWon of jurenile offender*. The corporators aiantioned in the act of incorporation were nearlynest desire to doto teach, readinaaa to thing into its quiet and inunutable keeping before HooKZK, is ths opening article. In the course Ing tbe ease, it Is latportaat that aome |dan ahoaUbeorquitetheirThere are five teachera, three gentlemen and two habita and paaslona, it and wise forPiarattkiii of Pauperiam and. Crime," whichchanged ita name to "The Society forthe Befbrmation ot JuTenile .Delinquenta,"~andita cbaige. The Corporatora were, Cadw.%tlEder J>. Coiden, then Ifayor of ttda City; Jolm Griscom,their to imitats them. Such men and wo- no fatter." pupilstaok the Houae of Bafoge underpartteachingvertical some 10 feet aquara, extends space,number he has seen a catalogue of of 7,000. upwardaJohnDoer,JonathanHWainwrlght, Isaac CoIIina, Itcs, John T. Irving, John S. Hyda, ConeUna Duboia, Jamaa W. Gerard, Joaaph Cnrtia, John> Steama, Ralph Olmatead,Bobeit F. Ha covered room,SCIENTIFIC NOTES. " well," forms the nut of a acrew whichSteam venraa Btalr>r-The HovaUe Baaa lato be mooted to BMSt with'—nut of the screw they roll on the thread inatead a account of one hundred and fifty games fa use the Bank of warh daaosilaatfancomplete by Wnglaadof sliding, so that the minimum power is required. which have been contested by the yoimg champion of note fa addUioa to befag iin«aa«iit fa teeted from the immigrant ships,) and obtained their houn at a time where they are confined in dark- grotmd-rent is too high to allow of low prices on Tbe screw (or the nut or iron post embracing it) with the best of Europe and America. In and engravls(, belnc also expressed by waconfinement in Hoapital or Faaaenger fond, (which waa derived aolitary(this onlydark cells,ticed in the day-time, and never for more than sixfaae surveUfaace snd authority of foe State BsaHagsnd to ba to Ihs atnral Oepartaeat, supplied Baakaiflord is the sufferer. The public and providing- rooma of a large hotel are ample for ten atones of sleeping apartmenta, and, could th» ehambera 4ll bAreached by aimply aittmg dowp in an elevator,acquiredpricesMbe given.teddneaant Maa *a asM mM. pfaes of basfaaas ol tke Baak to «ifoh«ah na« BW havebeea tasoed Thaa, for JaataanSi aafoa aafttts* this volume more thoroughly than the ama- by tba State Baaklv Ifapiihaaat to, ipy, tha Baakafreault.Second If rents of officea vary from $2,000 to$100, inversely as and by reason of their altitude, what unspeakable conyenience and profit wouldaccrue to the professional and generiil public byplacing all offices on a level with the street, aa far th* as physical exertion ia concerned.^ Then no rentsia wa "S^CDmaaeiee. OndsrsnAaij ,laMhpn—theis a large gear which is moved by 'a smaller one Monlez is issued by PxTCBSOir, Philadelphia. ItA newmodiona ^nartera, at the foot of Twtoty-third- Escapee are not frequent, only aome three or four aituationa than ibtj can afford, would be both eco- tal shaft in an opposite direction. By pressing a by DikBT A Jaossov. The scene Is laid in New-want of convenient accommodationa, the Houseof the but the of the sick, heaUbof waa removed to new and more com- Befugematea ineraased rapidly, and though, soon afterthebr removal, one of their edificea waa burned, be-the Houae 3f Befuge ia well toadapted preventTllvti—The hoisting of goods, and the economi-cal occupation of upper stories for commeree andmanufactures, would be rendered entirely feaaibleby a safe hoiating and lowering apparatus. As itis, the accidents occurring to the old plans are so brake were not spplied at the Instant the scholar, who began her taak, aa ahe aaserts in theing aet on fita by one of the boya,another buildingwaa aooa fitfasd up for them. In 1844, Mr. Tubt evaaion.brake aloneMsrould stop it, however,all,acourse of a modest preface, in a moment of aad- ness, but finished it in a more genial mood. The heroine of the book is an ardent student of mufie.sometimes occur, but leaigned, and Xt. Bamuxl S. Wood, the preaent ara usually promptly checlted.it would to 4he bottom if tlw M. H. BaawSTxa coiqa crashiag;afiction vrrittanbymuaicalefficient Sopsiintendent of the Western Houae of Bafnga at Badiaster, was appointed hia successor.While some of the children, andperhaps nearlyfrequent and ramedilsas aa to prevent a consider- hie adoption of them.belt waa ahifted, for then momentum would have begun ita work. Geared firmly to this firat^^g«treatmentgenerally good, bu| inmates.ao that it haa fewatreet.'Etat tUter. Here the number of ita in- having occurred the paat year. The aituatioa of nomically acceaaiblyYork, and a number of local allualons ^Ul bethem, and its formidable walla present a aeriona obatacle to the accomplishment of any attempted—were thislish Compensation, or Alieays a Future, by AnriConspiraciestheyall of tha Class of Honor and Claaa No. 1, tmdoubt-wUah oaaM ba a ted aaaMl>oya iswould be excessive, and the mass wliose business is now trammeled by either higher rents, or higherpulleyshifted, —novel,Hoio could hehelpitt ortheeconomyand located. fbrake on a third pulley on this horizontal shaft,carrying everythingthe to throw outsage,could turn a grind-stone, were it designed only aa wbbMwamamr— Iand«f.some nmrhanb'al advantages of the usebat thosementioned. Tbe borizomal plane of a great cityBeyond la already ao extended as to demand a fearfol ex- cany manyInjodiciona firienda of this, aa wall as of other place to place. A mile la nothfaig—fortunate man the probability of acddaatlalsas than that axisiag haadred tezu of Betiptnn and I'lf^lir^rtiiilimore.- The dbon open ai^ close au-warda and punishments, and the measure and this period many of them cannot be traced. penditure of time and money in getting from tomatically, at and upon leaving tha landings, rsod Bev. Dr. Cuimnios, of this CItT, Ire-atill from the hasty psasage of allppary alaiia. nOa fa ft>r theThe preaent number of inmates is about 500, o^ to encotirage tha boya that if they do wall thay two minutea ws could rise sixty feet, we might the)Ers( elevatar built an thfa plan, and j^paars CShea, with the title of The 8t2*<T Wft.almilar inatltutiona, often do injury by attempting to liave but ain this eonntry, aad certainly one oftha dideat, which haa been, thnragfaont, eondnetadupon the eonfngatad plan, in tha wotld. It ia whom 75 or 80 are girls, and the remainder boys, will attab to high social poaiHoa and eonddata- bnlld a small city on the top of the great ens—as to be entirely successful JTeaMM- ofNicheUs HiU, which waa ptman. alao confeaaaAjr bna of the beat, ita atanagera tbe agea of admiasion are from 8 to IT yaara. The tlon. It ia tindoabtedly poiaible, but eertabriy wa exhauated the convenient horizontal apace, ws The application of thia piindpteio private dwdl- a Ckxnmlttea of Oe Bar of this City, has baaa L,.^ntanDtXorjhavlqttMlLftMt l&e fitat, •Olong oor moat jndi-ride. But if by standingof aUsbed in a neat Tohuiae, aeeoBpaaiad by an am^mileshould merely go op and occupy another layer.graveordinaryelevatoris hoisted, bychainsorA newthe Fifth-avenue Hoffel in thiaTuTTS, a well-known engineer oP Boeton.out of the way, in aomebody's back yard, would beat ana tedfans andworit all the elevaton in a row of houaes, by a cases tha marks upon coantsiMt Uussystem hsaj>eendevised and City,byin Mr. Ong With itifI the appliancea o^ aafety are not only practicable ered, would do the work. The cost inbe checked. We wonld anggeat but convenient. The car, or little parlor^ in thia would be trifling. reapectfullyplan byindulgencehouae,day, throughCOK, Isaac Cou-as, JAxaa W. Quaju) and HroH , a half houra of achool inatruction, while the north the substitution of hammocka and an open room, case, is elevated by a vertical acrew, extedding' What a really " good thing to do" for ^Young that so long as oor present system otjnveidlB daUntneaka, who, at that time, when con- and four in Winter. The aouth division have also Ticted of petty eilmaa, were confined with older longer time for meala, recreation, Ac.or other means may be employed the downor the not down themomentous consideration.unpoetl- of flie neverihefassTheelementtobecontendedagainstisforger,chsoees against discovery for the tims b«i[^,i|f aiJK—weelement and we find it :have but to —for an antagonlatic this one is the fluidity andstem, and some 18 Inches diameter acrosstha floor of the abnormal demonstrations, through the meana of tbe thread. The threads are two Inches thick or Academy, presents a brief paper on the comaa andbeen in horizontal, and not In.verticalplanes.Its(hollow)taila of cometa, and Prof. W. A. NftxToa an article viated to a considerable extent firom the regularity aeveral sections or lengths so; long a casting in wliich he suma up the result of his calculations of tba dtizena of New-York. On the 1st of Jan- The system of rewards and punishments haa and direction of Ita more familiar and deairable de- could not be well made in one piece. The different to determine the theoretical dimeanona <A theto find 37 other names which would have embodied ao folly tha confidence and regard;at thathave de-velopmenta.Economy of time and labor, chiefly through theperiod,ordinaryelevaton and boilerexplosions,deep.fa ke maaafactore ofoaiy, i8S6,Mr. Jorph Coma, one of the Corpo-been the reault of careful conaidsratlon. The—lengths of screw are joined together by pins o^ comet of 1868. Chemists will be intaraeted in thsatrong and rapid arm of the ataam-engine, ia ofexistingClaaa No. 3 are vicious, but a grade beOer in be- century's wealth, civiliza-tion and progreas, and of so many of its comforts. pins, which pins form bearings for an arm which wants attended to in the articles which discussmany yean, ia a conatry where the gresfasl aefaa^sand iiHiillictaemical, mechanical, slilll|s<iiaifa. aaissue lias been or at all avanfa attempted,them a grant of $2,000 a year, for five years. Thenumber of children rapidly increased, and it be- havior than No. 4. Class No. 2 are nearly, but But one office of our is vacant; projects out from the side wall—all these arms the nsW genus of patelliform shells recently dis-; so, howeversuddenly,The instruction in the schools is confined to of the pay—none who will not come to it with ear- matter, for the unimpreaslble water takea the preparation by the eminent botanist. Dr. Josxph D. certataiy between gaudaa and GountarMt. 8aAb»reading, writing, elementary arithmetic and geo-good, aptness—come ot thiswhich, la addltlCB tofrom the loss and InooBvaatoace nrciilBnadmomentum haa an opportunity to generate :all membera of the " Society for the graphy, aa to make aafe what will, the weight goes down jutl tofatt and thethe species, by the droufation of eouatetfelt aal "ha-with occaaional exerciaea in vocal music. obey, and such control overown appetltea,essay, originationtreata of particularlyladies in the boys' department teachers in the girls' department.and two female The practice ofDr. HooKlx states that he haa brought together men are rare, but not mora rare in oor own coun- With these principles in view> the coiutruction evidence of nearly 8,000 flowering plants havingwill alao-Uva thagas" paper, teadaney tagraM^sKtlagnl* tegvy ia toto, aa Atdeferringthegreaterto the' physicallytrysre employsd,eloae ofthe day, when the children arenfbnnatoriee,whatever aya- openwearied and incapable of vigoroua mental action,aeematousobjectionable. Anhourofatudyinthe morning would be worth more to them than twohounintheevening—anditmightl>eaccom- plished, without disadvantage, by calUng them up anhourearlier. Thespecialreligiouainstruction is confined to the Sabbath, and ia conductedBy petmisaion of the Treasury Department, Prof^ sults of the discussion of the declinometer obser-Tliat a ctaaaga fa our system might bs stMs;of theorleast as the ooaatatfolting af baak asfaa faaa»^than in othsra and until ;such,onand such of the apparatus may be readily underatood. An been collected or observed in Australia, of which only,It is made of the best gun iron, and U inIng sporloasto tbe Beak's pracattoBS ttsb notes, baiac tha paeaUar qosUty oftbapspar aaaiaIhs rliiuiiu iif.iiiil lliiili 1 ilirilai falarliil alsifagmedliua thron^iaat ths country, whkh so famUfaB>ofcylinderscrew on all aides, except where the arms project out from the wait At different points on the in-search togainpurposes will meet with tbe contlderatlwi wMchaaImportaat a subject damands. Our reamly, than,against counterfeiters aad the lacosvaalaaoe of aa great a aimiber or notes of diftiant daiigns, fa that instead of the several (3tl) Baa^ fa the Sfato of New-Torii issuing dUforaat foiaaar devfoas of nsltson the same shaft. Wlien sobegins to descend by its own weight ». c, it be- gins to turn the screw, the gears, and the horizon-—Heart Triumphant,—bj A. S. Boa, is publishedmeana ofsecond wirewaaalud a«are not from "Ah," aaya the objector, "I admit tbe probable which works two pistons in two cylinders filled FcLLU 0880LI—entitled Life Without and L^t capsiioa ba pmo, bote higs asasaaefj*Be aa»-—Beiuge, and Mr. Johh W. Kxtcbam, the present prudence submit to what they cannot help. Some doubt, Sir it would be tbe initiatory stepAaxBTTB B.byoompiiaea te-""^ ">« terminal buUd. and^^^^ ^^^^^^ ilies coold attain a far more thorough knowledgemen ofgreat accident— all style. againstofW^^ J resolved to attempt «<>'«?»t*lSa?Id Swa|*i«»1^ ^theyre- value of the plan for business purposes, Sir ; butwith water and securelypistons...if.TV*sphereby weightcid reMa&todoabfSffaal cnly woiM «>a. ftJP^if^covered. Theof gard themselves as prisoners, and as a matter of even if it could be msde safe which I very much not quite touch the sides of the cylinders, and areSopetiatendent, elected as hia successor. of this class ate no doubt ws national decadence. Sir. Look at Borne. Sir, en- merly used in faousea, the twoparts of the piston be- viewB, written by Miaa Finxan for varioua pa- meat—a aecaritr wUeh ail reformed, and. uaderstaodaatogivatteahensive character til hercation. The volimie fa a desirable acceasion varyTho portrait,tons, is tbeahould be capable of auch additiona, in accordance and conduct to them in the way most effectually highly injuriona. Are the ladlea of New-York de- pended in mid air, or if the|bet breaka, the water of Dr. CtrHMno'S Great Tribulation. Ths firataaoiu^llg.boya' ao fully acquainted with the charac-fined inpropose some other Plan.fliatpmgJJJ^ISin all to $175,000, and some granta half—which is about the time of tlu averagelBpartanaa.psrbaps somsot r>ar anmsreaa nsaTJJ mayfavor luiwltir their objectfaos to IfclfsW^and 6oaa other —and short anaTo comply with your rules. I toeloaa ntf eaiu,is toota the eiaetlou of buildings wliich should be suffi- ter, disposition sad impelling motives of each of health it isto the atore ofhowever, fa not worthy of the subject.cooveotaaee oombtaoo withlefaeiaaaourcea, they proceededstay therespasmodicoperatic.. labor—not usefulthing, weight.and thecar, moving the pis-current literature.^ w»for itsdigestto omnibuses and cara. A run up atairau> benefitmaaaure of auceesswhatbe a machine to eat andto, through whichcylinder, in this case, which ia practi-mind,ara in a displayedthingplicable;with the original plan, as should make them ade- to call out what is good and to sut>due what is evU pendent upon stair-climbing for exercisequate for the reception of 1,200 or 1,300. The n their natures. A.U that can be accomplished by exertion incresae the breathing of wholeaoma fresh fixedrequirtshighestfatiguingalent to accommodate about 750 inmatea, and 450 bo^s, as to be able to adapt their instruction and especially after a hearty ditmer it may be shifted to the loose pulley, so that the car is sus-forgery., ._ .;; Is it not nadertaksn at times whsn ^T^'liVTM**' *"*' *"° <^ *" '<«" "^K* contem- good, active, devoted men, under such circum- air generallywhichspeed the brake can easily atop the car atBuKMiro o» TBI WcRiu FncAU CoiMMj*Ono.—A eanespaaidsat of ths Qasfaai*plated in the pUn. „„ fi„t matee reinoved ihithei In theand the in- stances, ws doubt not do accomplish theybut if physical,exertion la leaat deairable is not ths ;A comprehensive manualdssin^ W5<o'clockoalbaai«btoftheI»»hla<ajT*«^^ -_erected, Autumn 1^.ofS. FaASCiB A Co., andsr the title the Knomledgt of Life. The au-in ourconstructed like theradial hot-airregistersfor-FcixsB,aixla ntmiber ofStaUaata" fa (bs ooCsn efIIn 1862, the rapid growth of the City compelled would hope, tha greater part; that more are not is ervated by luxury, Ac. {Vide OiBBOti.) We must ing attached respectively to an external and an riodicala, twenty or thirty of bar poema, and a every ported of eammar«fal.^»~v\_ ,.—,4.^another,and,k*thamanagershoped,afinalchange owingtonolackofinterast,orwantofcareful havffourregularexercise—andsoforth." Singu- internalpistonrod,sothattheopeninginthepis- conaiderableamyofmlacallaneooawritings,nowTherefa,therefore,everyisaaia,ggj*_^?5of locatiaa. They accordingly obtained a tract ofbet w een thirty and forty acrea on the southernportioar «f Baadall's Island, liaat Biver, and hav-ing diqMMad of their site on Twenty-third-street for ia evidently an impoaaibility : that one or two glance at tbe medical, as well as all other facta in water will run at a given velocity under a given, remarkable atannar in tbe compoaitians which $17<^00l( and received from the State appropriations men ahall become, in the courae of a year and a the case, will show such objections to be mora ap- weight. The orificearun through the water, con- make up the aggregate of tliis posthumous publi-NewwTerk should adopt foe one arai^W* *r^iS.paper Baaay, to be wJowad, as «*«*ft?!J?2j"tbytfas o(ha/6tates of ths OBfoa.asKls«ifrto »ej some they wouH soon dtoeovsr the atoaafagse otmtSMpn^tod chaags bsfag ear of waaehja*^and pains-takingon the part of the Superin-this ia the firat comment of almost ton be from the outside. The holes firat collected. The atrangth of Miaa FtTixaa'a may regulatedefforttendent or hia aaaistanta, but to the system, whichlarly enough,every one, and the query is."Will not the next in the piston, and the annular space outside of itstyle, the breadth of her views, and the compre-exeroiss,instant the belt isshaft,saryperhaps offfor us ?" A are the orifices before referredthe cally the sameiwsaofe mmasm^^^^does the leta graduallyvolume of this editionfound an excellent aad sals,withUapeed, aired floor.nothing can hurry. At Misany By increasing the aixe of the holeaprobably prove equally popularOxroa^AiMMfCMlwrtfaathatthfa hofldlag,•f wfaeh haa beaa tatognpa-i. CMW««V*arPerlupsro]iscan bold thsmaaa. Inabort,thachancetoaecureperfectsafe- fo^fa laoatrM, Orefa'flfa -Sblfaf same af tka tffls aay fee ik«a «rappliedaaswe'havealreadyshown,does not lie in these Mr.MoaPHT'8blindfold-play.A new edition of the Lecturesiuiltcarriageteur;but amateun and readen non-cheaa-playingback"Now thedovnt the whole weight at a certainthis ons willda- religioua readen.sloB ofpretsr slgaiag myssJf yonis,__ ..«d "•^^""^jcatOB.in thecreased, or vice versa. Thus the steam-engine ele-its ownrivalry, each of thoas haada of fam- the daily misfortune of the weak? That gentle- it against the aoorce of tn. AUeflbrtswerefatJto.sadlt««ground-floor stereotypM objectionaleepiogpiatona, 'the downward be speed may in.by C. of A Guide tounder such man as are'~««?. .»»king an entire front of 590 faniilka stimulated to good work by an amiable the chief physical discomfort of the strong, and waur regulstea lu downward motion and secures facts of science in easy languagkz-aad a taking formed alioe anifpassed bod>sM ^^J^SSMtM^'^'^"'The cost «t tUa buUding, withtha previous prepal in his charge than can now be done. He wonld question. Tliat they should secure their necessary the most carelessgroond. aM-wall. ,hop,, inclosing know what temptationa aasailed each boy with exercise by climbing up several pairs of stairs in a haa reached the top of the^""8tliein tha House of Befuge, aad the bouses ; is not ths necessity of traveUng up stain vatea thea"«*'• '^'h "oor fifteen engagedU^tag, •» the«d of the winj,, ,„wWi a dflWt wl^ch conuin. a large water-tank of the character, habita and paasions of each boy on fresh, healthy mornings, may be a debatable any decent materials and underaedentary habita ahould ride down town accident which is at all likely to occur, withWayside GlimpsesJ»7 LauAir Foern, Is a tog. Maayartlcfesofvaluawsrea»vsa»2^^^the car ismade the coat, up to May, 1867, $3S0,000. Bince ascertaining the situation aad conduct of thoas wealthy better pleaae themselves and their faonds provided with a ratchet which slips loosely ons weekly issue having been discontinued. The Jan Tbe odiftoe Is to be reballt (aaedlaWy.Tbe arrangements of tha Houaethe sltaft attached to them isrising ; ly parts byEukbsoh Atatntec (hat »H Um> Innatesefthat time, the fsmale dqwrtment, 250 feet la who are diachargad, though not so good as could than hy Its adoption as a luxury ? Here Is an ele- way, snd turns tlie shaft and the retardera when uary number contains the opening chapters of An unknown man was run over by a trai.J.M.Co.,Park-row; thelength, and corresponding In height and depth to be desired, are, perhaps, better 4han those of say gant billiard room, or a sightly observatory at tha going tbe otherthe boya' way.A man may enter the car,WiLKix Cou.ias' new story. Ths republication isCaMlsn and Asaboy Railroad, oear C«P?/ ^"'^'^about $100,000sleepthe bouom,top, aad remain tlUbneatly printed,building, haa been erected It a cost of other establishment of tha kind ia the country. top of a bouse. How entertaining the game, how start it. and tothe car will rise to theOB the 17th last Hf«coo<lactfadl«»«»* *" difficulties ia Mex- ersDged.mora, making the whole expend!- The childraa are either indentured by the Msna wide the prospect ; but those hetrid ataira—h«;s^r~T:^SimaStSBSmmiiMittwww.fultonhistory.comUntitled Documentjstop,workmanship, and management.speciespublished bybe tho -brake. The retardera or water-pistons do not move whentellablevery littleAU the Year Round fa republfahed in month-JJ^J^ago descend toand furuishsd cheaply. fu view of ^0 peniiogcellar,ofLolaone Instead of two driving polleya.of L. Boon, fa pnbHsbad faf<M«on a horizontal shaft, which shaft is revolved by abelt directly from the steam engine. Thia belt may fanciful Antobiography purports to be a narrativeaa to place and bank iihws aaysHthe carshafting. inatead ofina consid-wUhtbosaoftbesomebf oor smartest baA-Mfaia SiailaMMd'from cellar to attic, and revolved a belt from a coatlanes, tbe attempta to put eoaatatMt hl|faateam.«Dgine cominga atiing, and find itaelf five or six stories higher up, in an ample library or amoking-room. Wliat atray, for th^ cslla now used as dormitories.Another point ia the deslrableneaa of a greaterrun is the main point.and the in- and than ia now beatowed. The influence ia a very aimple proceaa ; to prevent the weight society of the fsmily in parlor and;ealcomandflour. Lettbeladlesinventaciasaic — Gravity, name, for " the machine" Is surely coming.adaaUyiaaaaaaanktoourtem eatabliahad, can never attain their highest through the house from ground floor to top floor,efficiency. with openings to the intermediate floon. The Bacbi communicates a general account of the re- wbichvronMaoteBly smviM ^eaias ofry.butatthesaasettmabeatfandedwHkaMvaiitasea,Utolenbly slaar-« nhaage' aa snparfar,aadyetaosimpla,thatwathinkit«|||^cleaimpoaeauponMr.annotated the record with greatso the comfort of low playeradoesnotrunthroughthecentreofthecar,buton itspreparation,tite personalaidofMrtMobpht InIhepaper,thesenotestobalaaauit will ba seen that it is almostwho waaleg- for all theseor physically impossible rollers,or allas can of thase fixtures should break dovni is to be as little expected aa that shouldthe threads, to break at once,thus method wherebyths to describe the rightthe land- by house, of thepressure,and haahandsomely vanquished.whichand distribution ofadoptedprotaettMpabBawrougbt iron, 6 inches in diameter. The differentlengths of screw do not rest upon each other, but tioneare held apart by shoulders on tha wrought-iron elementary bodies; while geologists will find their imitatloB if exhllrited. Tbe (act, therefore, that farten timesand safely in ita iron arms. That the sible to crowd into the car. -At the l>ottom, the boniferous rocks of Indiana and Kentucky. Theand econinny in a high degree, now be may-eoovenience to the amm tmitiwitk public, feef tit StaU aU tlu Bmiikt tkertin.,thevrill eithertogetber eztiiigulsh spurious issues of Bank aatsa. 14therefore, by sdopting a system somewhat an-to that ot the Bank ofalogous Eagfaad,we can suppress forgery, and afford greater aafaty antto thealso, more than once, tha antagonist of his hero,has been freely tenderededitor,enjoydaaiueree,he and Us so snccessora^weratmsmmifsaBkin ths the readily understood?/ than thay ara car, Althaoghflia'bywhole mass is stopped at any raquirsd point. No J. B. LiFPUcoTT & Co., of Philadelphia, pab- wouM,s\ropebadfaateaaticisa.iililaslifa gnat ips tbe circnlaUsli lluiaH^ thh issUnStlna ef^^whicfefa always gatac aa taagsafaa srfasaacdfrosB daatal aad aliwr eanaakWUh a ayalea^ Ihaialo^ rsqoltlag saly omteaaBiTDD & Casletok publish the second aeriespublishedTTheywill be complau tnatmeHBaafcr i \^m»mkiHi«*by — America, to lacUne upon a sofa after dinneiy pull ebeulaUoB wtn also coatinne,aad be atfaadsd'coming byTo merely elevate a weighta oSDSidaraUedegreeand con- from falling, if machinery breaks down, if malic- without the pain and labor of stair-elimUng. What evening prayen, judiciouslyloss to the public, as well as to the banksnent %iamber of the Kew-Tork bar, having been may be capable of performing. The North diviaion ducted, would, we believe, be decidedly benaficiaL ious persons cut the belts, if the operator neglects a " treasure" would this moving^ furniture be to are connteriislted, by thetr having to subaHtiitoatitution,)and such labor on thegroundsaatheyofmorningled toinveatigate the snbject by an incident oc- make chair-framsa and aeata, and wire-work, Acta of aeU-denial, generosity, kindnaaa to those his duty, or if bunglers, in fright or ignorance, pull the weary housekeeper, and to tha ssrvants withal of dssigtts difTereat from Ihoee wUik -kata^NU"^''*^PhysiologyalreadyBitdd exertions of tbe pupOs-^ "JSliS^ saaead »a foiT? ito hertoa preserve booka^rstwajj "-"^T-gaj^New-York, aPerloftb«m,teberi^Jo^BiTiSTlaMikada- it automatically the principal watering-places, the West, ic, but iDg exit by tbe sttlrwar cot ,3.'^toe5r&d, har-of handbook for tourists,When the car &, Cablxtoh. It describes the. City ofOourterfUtNotea—MtfaaknatesPioyoaed Be^B<r. <fa Jra»rsrii IliM. rIt- cflhiattaapbpiWMaiia aaeiMs#>atataM»elreii|atfaD-la«sad.of sneees Tbfa eaaslant and, tmdaraarpresaible— nartala.faat,'lasos of coantatfeit bills wHl also ths oootlime^— vaaivariety of notes s&tding aa erwillent oovsr Is Hissuppress at earned.probablyapprobatloa llpaaa all partiea, save aad except, of eoBiss, Oose who nap so bountifai a harvest byths fasos of eaaateiMfa. The fact, that for many yean Osao has aat been an^requiressuch Ibrm to be upon p^ter atmOar to that wUAweiPayaala at tha Bask afTliaiaaii. ikw>-of_BaBkw>M forfbe aatba SW^fa ItoodUcicat _. . .—oblafaad. Wwith tea risk Oof yasalalattaaas efalBraanre,owiagtotbarladles ^ndfai «*• ' i!ffij,'"tdl*«aasn ' ^"^to.pat aaoatK;.lbsatetaf: Thomas M. Tryniski 309 South 4th Street Fulton New York 13069 