 rn*.'election for the South tO declare its determination to Wednesday. Lucy persuaded her father to stay; at to think Death had forgotten me—now, again, he will-,NEW-YORK DAILY TRIBUNE, SATURDAY, iVOVEMBEB 10, 1860.7:proof of the wprtblessneee of all coalitions among men cated for those daye, and if be had not profited much ner. And at tnat moment her father justified his title The prisoners weie confined in the prison attaohed to This is not large, but very practical, containing skele- who have no, principle in common, and who rarely, by his edncation, in early life, he hud seen much sar- to be possessor of "the most-charming voice andtons of all the domestic animals, with preparations of if evtr, observe good faith toward eaoh other. We vlce, and used bis wits Fines. He talked, and she was smile." He opened his eyes and balled his daughter to Jefferson Market, but Pitzsimmons, not relishing the. eabxvsfed for the prirpoie ot being wronght into power. To the exigencies of the future, the opponents looking one than you can ever hope to see. He was ybutypu^seemagreat admirer of Sir,Joshua. ^Th^reie and had bis arm broken by coming iu contact with a bet were about being t o n down, and that the aeoosei hrooic?. Here in Grennany yoa aro still oonhned to of his election now commit him and his adminfetration,' dressed fea^mpedoM^ooat^laced ^with 'silver, and one temy parlor I doHop, in general, s h W to visitors, cart, which had been left standing in the street with had never lived there. Lynch, having beenbrushes, or to besoTna of hiroh and neither. A neat, and while partisans may desire his discomfitare, >he wore one arm stall in a sling. Well, and Lucy—adllygreat body of the people will prefer that he should little Lucy—could not keep here eyes off that fine, haaoV ao Kgotbroom, such as American women use, steer clear of fatal mistakes,. rather than commit pleasant-looking gentleman. Yes, his very looks werebut if you would—it is a master-piece'— the shafts extending outwards and a barrel under them. "She broke off. and led the way. I followed. EsUe, Dean was taken to the City Hospital.•was locked up to answer. \\„A Nxw Y A C H T Cxtr»-HousE.~~In accordance w i 4asuggettion madeat a meetiugof the New-York Taoh* Club, at the Cluh-HoW, Elysian Fields, on the 1 1 * ulfc.,' a paper has been put In circulation among it*errors which, while they might insure the overthrowof his party, must, at the same time entail disastrous than siny—wrong. If she had that morning thought—consequerces on, the country. as she ought to have done—of man's Maker, instead of The causes of the great populat revolution whioh msn, snd kept her eyes upon her book, almost all the can foruu* yon with it? M not, yoa should contrive has swept the Democracy out to sea, probably never to trouble which she ever knew would have been spared to enter h>to commanicatibn with our Pateat-Office, or touch dry land, are clear as noonday. Long possession her. She and her fajher were to leave Berkshire the of power had corrupted the Democracy and caused its middle of that week. On the Tuesday young Colonel charg© of ?«*€ds and agricnltUTal publications, Your machinery to fall into the hands of a class of public Redworth called to make his father's excuses; the poor stipendiaries who came at bast to regard the spoils of old man could not leave the house.. Well, Lucy was . Government as their hereditary possession. , Fortified Bitting in the arbor working; silly child—she longed to with this idea, they considered any outside interference go in, but shame kept her out; she felt whose voice it as an impertinence, and instead of demeaning them- was that shecaoght occasionally. Well,, my dear, hemy heart beat as it had no» done since the day I saw Colonel Redworth in the Camberwell assembly. Something in the stately figure I was following seemed familiar; asd yet no wonder I knew her not. She mo-is unknown to you,jprty w r - H o v can I prooore wsd?pleasant. SiHy, did I say she was ? She was WorseCITY ITEMS.V»«/or—Is there not some German in America whotioned to me to stand on the rug beside her. My eyes Music—The first concert of the Philharmonic So- were fixed on hers: she raised them, mine followedynth jfr. Secretary Flint of Massachusetts, for the ox- joieewrf, too, ought to experiment with our Americanit was Colonel Redworth, in a Pompadour coat, laced Music. The programme includes Schumann's secondwith silver. - ' symphony, Beethoven's " Leonora," overture, ICo. 1, benefit of the New-York Yacht Club in this city. Tha<ir«Of>i*/rcbn, ouf hickory, whhe oak, -aweer chestnut sod msc*x m*;>?e.selves as public servants, amenable to their employers, and her uncle came out into the ararden—the Reotoi lorded it after the manner of the inheritors of the sacred had in old times been the "Colonel's tutor—they cams prerogative of divine right. Corruption had crept into towards her, and Luoy heard a frank, pleasant voice several branches of the public 6ervice, and although . say:" ' Meg! Meg!' she sobbed^-she, the stromr, proud and Mendelssohn's "CalmSea and Happy Voyage."woman, who had once so mocked my tears, ' I onlyhadhim three j ears. He was killed by a fall from his Madame Schroder Dummler and Mr. Noll will assist. for defraying the'expensea of farnlshing and maintain- horse. They brought him home dead. . I broke your The last rehearsal for this concert will take place this ing such rooms: Com. E. Al Stevens, W. Buller, heart. This broke mine.'/"*»£ fV.-^Ah, if our Ministry -would only provide o« wi»h means for purpctMs of this kind!Viftfor —Our Consuls and foreign agents of Govern- saent collect weds and plants, and our war-vessels bring them to America. I think your Capt. Kuhnwould ho hi better business, if he wai bringing seeds and American tools to Germany, than in becoming dia- patoh-beKttr of that wretched King of Naples.—In tie large lecture-room hang a number of draw- ings of eows: I inquired what breed they kept at theInstitute.Prof. W—Our cows ate of a Dutch breed. As burobjectisquantityratborthanqualityofmilk,wepre- fer them, they being in tr.is regard the beet milkers. Tiey are rather large animals, weighing from 1,000 to 3,200p«ooda.morning at 10 o'clock.B. Clemens, Henry Ketfltas, W . Q. Morton, J .V.—-What is the best breed in Germany tor butter would follow the succecs of the Republicans. We and cohere ? trust those apprehensions will prove to be groundless.—-Query. Nature is great at adaptation and com-pensation, and the quettion arisee, Whether theseher yourself ?""My dear, /never saw her; but Augusta, her greatfriend, I often saw every, day for months, and she knew poor Lucy's story as well ss Lucy did herself. Well, Colonel Red worth-was a charming man—a very charming man; if be fell in love with Lucy, it was lit- tle wonder that she did so with him. That evening came a note from Lady Anne, asking Mr.—we will call the Rector—JerviB to dinner, and-trusting that hisher of Thomas Redmayne, and we looked for the last time jealously in each other's faces; Our love was again as if this bad never come between ua—nay, even the clearer for this long cloud. •"-'- Ten have children ?' I said at last, I so longed for the face of a Redmayne." 'He left me with a,eon and daughter. The sou so like him. -Meg, you who knew me so strong and con- fident, will wonder—I ruined him by my fondness. He is dead now. Oh, Meg! I have known trouble in- deed. I was frlad wnen he died 1 My daughter dead also, and yet-she died an old woman, too. Meg, I usedhistorically of a class of subjects, both attractive and unhackneyed.STEALING SEWING-MACHINES.—A. few days sinestwo young mon called on Mrs. Marcella Hunter, ofBILLIARDS FOR LADIES.—The great French master, M. Borger, announces that he will exhibit his extra- ordinary skill in the game of billiards tothe ladies par- ticularly every afternoon at 3 o'clock, at Nos. 60 and 62 East Fourteenth street. In Prance, several of Ah*At all events, a short time will decide whether they Prof, W.—What we call tbeAUgaeuer (Algoyer). were real, or the result of too great an anxiety for the Tb© bree** comes from the Tyrol and Voralberg. It is peace anu security of the Union, which was never really in dsrger. At the same time tuis consideration operated both ways. Many Northern men, possessing no sympathy in common with the Republicans, b?ganNo. 410 Sixth avenue, and offered to sell her anewGrover & Baker sowing-machine for $20. They re- most brilliant players are women, and the adaptednes*small, averaging in weight but from seven to •ight c wt. The milk i« the richest of all from our German breeds for butter and cheese, and in quantity stands second only to that of our Holland cattle.to think that the question of eecession might as w«ll, brother and niece would accompany bim. Well, my be decided now as/ at any future time. If it came dear, the day named was Thursday. Lucy and ber to be -a regular concomitant of every Presidential father were to have gone back to Camberwell on thepresented that they had taken it for a debt, which of the game to domestic life is so peculiar, and their would account for their offering to eell it so cheap.- delicate perception and touch so well fit the sex forWinter in the stall ?" How would this breed do for tire gas let out. of it. It was right to decide whethersolicitor." '" Oh!" said Isabella, as if this announcement madethe heroine much lees interesting." So good, so upright, so honored a man," pursuedthe White and Green Mountains ? Is it known inAmerica ? white sheet on a broomstick. Tens of thousandsthis specter was really a ghost, from the grave, or a V.—How often and how long are your cows oul of voted the Republican ticket on this ground alone."Thomas/ she said, 'Mrs. Margaret Fordyce, a taken, before Juetice Connolly, he gave hia name as very dear old friend of mine.'" He came to meet me. He was his grandfather all John Sharkey, afid was.locked up to answer. Subse-again by two staples playing in each other like a hinge. often met two of the greatest beauties whom youal publication entitled "Landwirtbschaftliche Mitt- Lucy."heiiungen,7' of which the fourth member is how in " H o w jealous they must have been of one another!"preparation. It is published in Berhn. The contents Isabella interposed.of the third number, lent me by Prof. Wemz, are:. I. Experiments "with various mineral manures by Director HartnCew.this wound, but there was one he could not heal. The the greater part of the day. The lower portion of the theUnion.'•- •Heliecker of No. 33 City Hall place was arrested for receiving stolen goods, and locked up to answer by Justice Kelly. Stearne was also committed for trial.A CARD.To Pu Editor of Tin N. Y. Tribune.SIR: The undersigned coincide with the justice ofthegeneralcomplaintspreferredthroughthepre«*bytheir client, Charles JkL Jeft'erda; but feel it due to themselrei, i* ooo- 8equence of- the pewonal allusions his card embracea, to •tat» thathewroteandpublibheditwholly withouttheirknowledge*. Hia lauguvgo znuat be regarded simply as the indignant and spontaneous expression of a young man who smart* under a sttnsc of the wrong he supposes to be inflicted upon htm through the delays of the Fublic JPioseoutor. JAMES T. BRAD?.A.OAKEYHAXA.;ACCIDENTS'AND INQUESTS.—Anthony Ridge, agedXV. Obituary of Lachmann, author of the above named arti--This table of contents will give a goodtie*.character of the labors of the professors and teachers. idea of theRobinson Crusoe." .'THE REPUBLICANCAUSES.some of the tenants, succeeded, in 'extinguishing the has been engaged for the occasion, and should the day a box of carpenter's tools from. Isaac Sbeppard. The two u n prove propitious, the City Guard expect to have a fine were working toother on a new house in Thirty-fourth street, when the theft was committed. The tool* were recovered atTh« Brooklyn Daily Kayle ( Dtmocratic.) No*. 7. All gc<xi ««iuens should bow to the m»j*stic decision of the people, rendered in accordance wicn the forms ftt the Constitution. That decision places ths Repub- lican party in poesession of the .National Government and the State Governments of all the Fcoo Scatee. This power is committed, to them temporarily as a trust, for who*e faithful administration they will be h«Jd to a rigid account. Tneir role will endure ju*t so knir as the people foal satisfied wi<b it, and nclonger.various pawn-atop*, aud the accused was committed to answer by Justice!C'ounolly.h roii'the old Norman custle. Finallv, the old housekeeper wood work for the purpose of passing throngh a pipe,that was attached to the large heater in the basement. took us the round of the portrait gallery. There were The pipe came in contact with some beams, and becom-formal, rich-colored Holbeiae, pensive Vandykes, volupluoue Lelys, and charming Sir Joshuas; and, my dear, among them, a portrait of Augusta Clinton.li Elsie, I had been with her when. the first sketch was begun, with her when the last touch had been put in. I could not believe my eyes. Yes, this was thai portiait. snd no other, thongh strangely had sixty vears dimmed and marred its beauties. I stood gazing and gazing, and my heart yarned to her, my old friend—not, my dear, but that I believed her dead long ago.- •„- '•t i m e . . ' : . \ .;"'.":'!' . . • • : •DISHONEST E.VVRESS MESSENGEK.—Detective Elderreturn the call, nor did Lucy see any of the family till The course of Mr. Lincoln s administration wl«i be a the Sunday, when my lady and'her son appeared iadifficult and delicate one, and ii he can succeed in so conducting it as not to give jont cause of offense to the South, and at the same time fail to alienate the large portion of his 'present supporters*,the large hall-pew. The Squire's lady looked like a Squire's lady in those days,-—none of your flimsy mus- linf? snd bareges; but Lady Anne then and ever was in the richest brocade, one, my dear that would have stood by itself, well displayed by her hoop. Luoy watohed her as she sailed up the aisle, and thought her thefines;ladvshe hadever seen. My dear,shewas.." As I stood, the door of a room a little to my leftopened. An aged lady came out, stately, and yetbowed; beautiful, but exc*edin/r sad. 8he passod me; pany. Thence the lire extended to a stable adjoining Icurteeeyedtoapologiseforourintrusion.Shelooked intherearofNo.288,ownedandoccupiedbyGeorgename to the receip'.-booky and used the money. The package being nnssedTie was suspected, arreBtod, and having confessed was locked up to answer. .Ward charges Daniel Lynch with voting illegally on Ta6sday last. Lynch swore iu bis vote on being dial Ienged. giving his residence as No. 18, Worth street. Itand v, MOOT, of this city, treats successfully NHK voi'« Dn»i WT'. ar (1 nil other disease* of peculiar importance to the sexe* No. 63SUrotmway,cor.Bona#t.NewvYork. From9to'i,and«>to*, evening.' Consultation en Frun^ai*. C. D. HAM MONO. M. D.[Advertisement.] ' -who are imbu.d with strong anti-Slavery sen-i*unent*, lie will aecoinplish a task more diifi-!tuit than fell to thelot of anyof hispredecessors. IThen>anothersourceoftroublewillbethed»eooetion ajjrothecrnefeet." [of the patronage at his command. For every officeVOTED ILLEGALLY.—William Parker, one of theIflsver fail to be directed to the conduct of the party indear, be was the best-looking man I ever saw; a better.•/ " ' Madam," she said, ceremoniously, *pardon mejthe effort made to fasten the responsibility on the PreV ident and bis Cabinet was' an. unfair electioneering de- vice, sail the existence of wrongs and impurities in public affairs was made patent to all. Tnen when the party came to arrange its case for prasentation to the jury of the country, instead of presenting au aspect of dignity which would commend respeci and promise a decent government, they exhibited the wretched spectacle of squabbles for superiority, of seeticn against section, and of a band of men bound to the personal fortunes of an individual in the hope of retrieving their bankrupt fortunes by free access to the publicpuree.Thepartywasforedoomed.Onlyone consideration gave it the shadow of a chance, or suf-ficient prospect of success to inspire those who cluog to it to labor for its success, and that was the apprehen- sion of the evil consequences whioh it was feared" ' Meg! Meg*!' she gasped, ' speak to me. Cannotyou forgive me? It is one-and-fifly years—one-and- of Mercy will be held during the week beginning Nov. Chas. P . Cromwell, A. Major, A. C. Kingsland, A. C.s'.cp out of the Unionif any candidate should be eleoted least, hie brother did, for ho saw how Lucy's wishescome all too soon!'• ' ' Are there none then7''.''Yes; my daughter's son. I will show you.'" We crossed the hall. There were my young partySubsequently a friend of hers tdd her the true value of the machine, and hinted that it must have been stolen. Mrs. Hunter immediately notified Grover & Baker of the facts stated,, and the machine was identi- fied as one that had recently been ehipped by them. While their 8gent was at Mrs. Hunter's house, one of the men of whom she had bought the machine, called for the balance doe bim. He waa. immediately arrest- ed by Ofiicer Calfa, of the Ninth Ward, and on beingduce a new and charming element into social life. They cannot, at least, fail to excite every fair beholder.OPENING OF THE SEVENTH REGIMENT GrMNAsir/M.— The new,Gymnasium, in St. Mark's place, established under the auspices of the Seventh Regiment, and con- ducted by Col. B/ady, was opened on Thursday even- ing with appropriate ceremonies. Some five hundred. persons, including invited guests, with a large number of ladies, were present. The National Guard Band was employed for tha occasion, and during the evening they beguiled the time by discoursing choice music The expectation of receiving a visit from Lady Frank- lin was, no doubt, one of the main attractions. Op to 9o'clock,however,shehadnotarrived.Themain building, which is at No. 20 St. Mark's place and Noe. 25 and 27 Seventh street, is 20 feet front and 82 feet deep, being four stories. The basement contains 300 dressing clssets, baths, wash-rooms and water closets. On the first story is a parlor and billiard-room; the se- cond story two front rooms with dressing closets and aprivate office, and a third room back for sparring. The whole third story is devoted to fencing-rooms. The entire establishment is handsomely carpeted, orna-small, noat-Hmbed, muscular, active animals, pecu • accorobg to the forms prescribed by the Constitution, lay. They went. My lady had a great respect far the' b'aily fitted for their open-air life on the Alps, climb- who might happen to be distasteful to the South, the family, and received tb>m with little stiffness for her—ing mountain bights, and 'secreting a smaller quan- matter migbt as well be put to the. test at once. If Bti>], stiffly enough. The old Squire was too ill to be tity of richer milk, rather than bearing a large, dis- such a determination was really entertained, the exist- ii the drawirg-room, they were to lindbim at the di-standing at the door awaiting me. I never remem- ence of the Union depended upon the election of a ning-table; thus the Colonel gave Lucy his hand, and bered tbem even then. She turned the handle, and en-tended.odder, from the short, rich Alpine graswaand President of Pro-Slavery politics, whioh would be no led her through the grand hall amid the powdered men; fragrant plants; would not lose their distinctive quali- real union at all, and if it was mere bluster and bra- my dear, if Lucy had thonght, she might have known ties if transferred to the plains, and kept Summer and vado, intended to intimidate those to whom it was ad- that she never cou!d be mistress in. such a house, ortered softly."'See!' s" I looked. There, leanh)^ back in an arm-chair,readinor, was a young man ot eight-and-twenty or so. He Btarted and rose.dressed, it is time the bladder should be punctured and wife of such a fine gentleman—her father was but athe stall? The viodug operandi by which Republican success Mrs. Margaret, with ber calm smile, "that Lucy never over. His open, gallant bearing, and all, were his quently the man who accompanied Sharkey to Mrs. Prof. ]E£—Once a day only, and then but from one was seemed, was the conduct of the various parties to wished it otherwise. WeJl, I am talking of the Colonel Even that ch&rniinff voice and smile, whicu I thougiit Hunter's house was recognized in die person of James the Fusion. We had no faith in it, first or last, al- handing Lucy across the hall—her fiat touch of. the never to haye heard or seen again. Yet it was not tht Fitzeimmnns, and he was also locked up. As a num-hourtoanhourandahalf.Here,wberelandhasa thoughforthelast/fewdaysageneralimpressionhad strong,tenderbandofthatgoodgaflantman.How same/—Well,Elsie!',value of $500 or $600 an acre, it is impossible to waste fot abroad that it might carry the State. But when she treasured it, and still treasures its memory. Well, it by grazing cattle upon it. "ueion was resolved upoa, on all hands, we did not after dinn-r the four elders fell, to!whist, and the —We then went into the Anatomical Collection. fee) at liberty to oppose, it. Its fete is but another Colonel and Lucy were left alone. She was well «du•berofmachineshaverecentlybeenstolenfromGrovermuscles, the venous and arterial systems of the limbs foresaw a'l .along from the course of Douglas, at home enough in hia sabjf cts to make a good listener, him.. ; ". . 'of cows and horses, and many specimens of abnormal from the spirit that animated the more zealous of and to make proprr answer. Once or twice she fancied Isabella flew to his side, and throughout that eveninc his followers, and from the - presses in his in- my lady turnsdand eyed.them a littla sharply, but this, looked wondrously into the face, which had uncon- hoofs and shoes fitted for them. Taere was nothing of fluence, that his partisans would vote for Lincoln, if I thixk, was only her fancy. Lady Acne then never sciously earned such new interest. But the lesson ofclose quarters of bis cell, coolly walked out into the street and disappeared around the corner without let or hindrance.. This is the second prisoner who has es- caped from the prison within two weeks.•»particular interest here. necessary to defeat the chances of Breckinriige and for a moment dreamt of her son's thinking of such a . —Another room contains models. Here, too, is but Lane. . That they have done so is evident. The simple girl. Well the next day Lucy and her f-ifher littlewhichforanAmericani»neworofinterest,save partiestotheFusionwere animatedbymutualdis- wenthome. Augustawasthefirst,tocomeandseahor.. like hardiy less intense than that which each respect- Lucy was wonderfully shy and unwilling to speak of as showing how, in the matter of tools of all sorts, and ively bore to the Republicans,, and in eoms in- her visit. Augusta pressed and rallied her, until she labor-saving machines, we are a century in advance of stances even more decided. In this city the Bell and Isid h»r head on ber friend'* shoulder, burst into tears, . Germany. This remark I confine to instruments for Everett men voted the Fusion ticket ut.animousiyj and "told of that frank, gracious gentleman, ThomasMrs. Margaret's history was not lost upon har.while they aleo voted the Republican local ticket. Take Red—worth. She poured out her full heart in praise, Shufeldt, commander, arrived at this port yesterday labor, for in general, in all instruments pertaining to the Fit st and Fourth Wards byway of illustration. till Augusta laughed, and said, 'Take care how you afternoon from Havana, having left there last Monday,art and scientific investigation, the Germans are ahead They were always opposition Wards. Yes erday, let me see bim. If he be such perfection, I shall want 5th inst., at 1 p. m. of us. however, they gave a majority for the Fusion ticket, him for myself.'The instrument for testing the amount of cream in while they gave a still more decided majority for the " My dear, ' There is many a true word spoken in The Quaker Ci'iy was delayed on her voyagoby Republican local candidates. The fusion was an un- jest.' The next assembly night came, and there, to going to the assistance of the American ship China, milk was new to me. It is an invention of Prof. natural combination and hits died an unnatural death. Lucy!s surprise, was Colonel Redworth. How she Capt. Wiggins, which was discovered to be on fire on Xroeker of the Agricultural College at Proskau, and And alihough we could not remain isolated when both blushed and started—how her heart beat. He made the evening of the Gth inst., at 7 p. m. The officers is manamctured and sold by Buchler in Breslau. The branches ot the Democracy entered into the arrange- his way to her, he asked the honor of her hand for all. and crew and their baggage were taken on board of specimen here is for making three tests at once. An ment, we felt that it was a sacrifice of honor without the cotillons that evening. Poor silly girl, she consent- the Quaker City at 10 p. m., from the- bark Oceansecuring the success whioh might compensate for such ed. How happily she danced, every step a pleasure.iron stand, 18. or 20 niches high, has three arms, each a sacrifice. • It is useless to talk of the past: the con- Well, it is well to be young and happy after all! At Bride (35 days from Minatdltan, bound to Liverpool,) With a ring some four inches In diameter, like a chem- flict is over, and the Republican party is the only live supper Lucy sat next Augusta. She longed to hear her which vessel was already at the scene of conflagration. ist's stand for his small evaporating dishes. In each of party- in the country to-day. How it will use or abuse opinion of ber partner. It did not come. At length Before the Quaker-City left her (30 miles N. E. of these rings, a glass dish of-perhaps a pint iu capacity, its advantages, the future alone can disclose. she ventured to say: Cape Carnival) the China was burned nearly to the <se " •—• '.'•*.'' Did I say one word too much V " water's edge. The Captain can-give no account of the and of a shallow, tunnel form, v-^-v-**^ some t*/hat THE' TWO BEAUTIES OF THE GAMBER- '"No, no, indeed,' answered Augusta quickly. origin of the fire, which he had discovered 12 hoursarrangements any similar one in this country. Thelike this, " only a little more BO," rests. The point below is, in the dish, however, a tube, •lightly conical, an inch in length, in- ternally ground, and closed with a ground-glass stopper, inserted from above, and long enough any longer. Tell me a story." panion. IsabeDa-t-from that moment she was jealous weather was excellent when the Quaker City left.te project above the dish an inch or two, for The speaker looked somewhat too old to proffer such of her friend. She sat down on the nearest seat, Au- The American bark Champion, Capt. Nicliols, bound a request. But Isabella Redmayne Wentworth* at gusta lingered only a moment beside her, and then from Cienfuegosto San Juan de los Remedios, put into convenience of handling. The edges of the dishes are ' *' sweet seventeen," a woman in many things, was in went to her mother. She too, felt, that they were hence- Havana for onicersand provisions. On eailiog again,also ground, and a glass cover, with a hole in the cen- ter for the haidle^of the stopper to pass through, fittedforth rivals. ," Elsie," continued the old lady, clasping her handsthe crew mutinied in sight of the harbor, and tUe Cap- tain, after much deliberation, was compelled to use force to restore them, to obedience. In doing so, he-SMALL-POTATO VENGEANCE.—The general forbear-ance of our friends before election, and their magnan-imdos course since, toward the so terribly routed op-position, would appear to.be but poorly appreciated inthe light of an occurrence on Thursday evening, infront'.of'the Stuyvesant Institute. "While Dr. Snod- Bellevue Hospital, whith6r she was removed, pro- grass was addreefcing the orowd which, unable to gain nounced her recovery impossible. Mr. Lynch wasto them.piste separation of Cream and milk soon takes place. The graduated tube in which the fresh milk was meas- ured, about an inch in diameter and a foot in night, is now ret under,the funnel of the dish, and, up>n care-upon her lap, " I cannot follow Uiat Winter through, itthe other, they struggled each to be the lovlier. Sir sequently he returned with hie ship to the port, andThe form of these dishes is such that a com" Not half so handsome as that portrait up-stairs. I Professor assured me that he coold thus separate and wish I wire 1 "her triurxph. My dear, early in the Spring, Mr. Red- worth married her."Cardenas.Arrived, Nov. 4, stoanjship Isabel, from Charleston; 5tb, scribing' the Impoverished condition of the coil of his room, occasioning the alarm in the Sscond District.measurethecreamandmilktothelast,singledrop.I may as well mention an implement here as any- where which Pro£ Wentz very heartily recommended;"Child, I donot;" saidMrs..Margaret,withher calm sweetness. Isabella Wentworth's beauty was a dower that she already feared might epoil as good a heart and as generous a temper as Herefordehire couldsteamshipJCxupireCttyaodbarkGriffithsfromN«tr-Vor».The Sugar market remains the same an l«ut quotations For N6». WcM T>. S., 83-&9 renl».$> arroba; Nos. 13®.1.4 D. S., 9|®9£ Augusta, but I do not judge as I did then. Then Lucy reals <|> arroba; Whiten,-good to fine, 12t®13 reals ^ arcvba.Thefiremenwere.soon.ontheground,andwithafew pails of water jput the fire eut. No damage of conse- quence was done to the building, but the furniturolwaaand which is incommon nse in Sweden. It often happens boast. " •Favor is deceitful and beauty is vaiii, but th*»- a field wants *moothing cfi", but the roller cakes the women that feareth the Lord shall be praised.' "the surface and the- harrow tears it too much. The Isabella was tilent a minute, but from her gaze into the placid, softened face above her, did but draw one Swedish instrument is for caws of this sort. I t con- inference, that beauty might endure to the last years ofposition and no fortune—^tben all I thought of was Da- against 115,000 boxes and 300 hhds, inia59, and 82,000 boxes in of their fusion with the Irish) were hurled at nearly destroyed. ' <WELL ASSEMBLIES, 1778.B T T H I AUTHOR OF " AGGXSI>Et< VXCARAOE."the longest life, and but tnen be at its sweetest." Well, my ioye, but your story, I have thought ofwe think BO. when life has plenty of cares and pleas- ures yet. Pride made her first hear up, then, thank Gcd, the Bible. And she had a father for whom to live, who never,again,lost his first place in her affec- tions • • ' ." Well, my dear, only three years later, I saw CoL Redworth's death in the Gentleman's Magazine. TheFIRES.DESTRUCTIVE FIRE IN BEEKMAN STREET. About 2 o'clock on Friday morning, a fire was dia- cojverr.ed..i,n.. t..h.,.e-. l..a.„r•g..e,...b.,u,,i.,l.d...i.n.-g, No. 15Beekmaa street,arrested yesterday by Officers Lawson and Mason of ued to speak unconcernedly. He aeeme'i to regard the Twenty-sixth Precinct, charged with having;. one." When I was young—sixty years ago now—wehimself quite safe with.his then surroundings;, and in this he.reckoned not without his host, for in a moment, under tbe cry of " Charge I Wide-Awakes!" a hun-robbed his employers. It appears that the above firm have at intervals missed quantities of laces, silk, and shawls, amounting.to upward of $500 iu value, and at length suspected Stearne. On being taken into custodylived at Camberwell, a very different place then from now, my dear," added the old lady with something ofsome ingenuous face, somewhat haughty, but very Firemen's Fund, II. Comparison of a large number of solid substances a* ab- beautiful nevertheless; it was her fine, upright figure closed over Augusta, and that her own time must be North American•, 5,000 Phoenix, Hartford.f aorbaote of Ammonia. Dr. JStehhorn.III. Oa vat iocu species of the weed Cuacat* and the mean* of2,000 Bowery3,000 JforseyCity 2,500New-JEngland2,5(0 Commerce, Albany 2.5C0 Grocera'........... 2,500jMtna,Hartford.... 5,000 Howard. . . . . . . . . . . 2,500 Kaet River5,000 Meohanica'.. • • • • * • • C O • )month were these two gnls admired, and many a hus- an old manor bouse twelve miles distant, open to the Amorioan Exchange..... 2.S00 Corn Exchange band given to either," and Mrs. Margaret smiled, " but public by the courtesy of the owner one day in each Union Mutual 5,000folks found they were mistaken; the year came round, week. I'he day came. Mrs. Tylecoto was not able to JKoj a l . . . . . . . . . . . . . ..^fc,.... f,,000|eradica'tDXIt VrLachmann. ,StateofNew-.l<;r8ey8,500 5,000 2,500 5,000 5,000 5,000 2,500 2,500 5,000 5,000 5,000 2,500srmory, and the Second Company went through with one of their characteristic drills, to their extreme de- lectation. The utmost enthusiasm and delight were man- ifested by the members at the visit of so distinguished a guest. The entire party afterward visited the new Seventh Regiment gymnasium just opened under themanagementofMr.AbnerBrady.ARTILLERY PRACTICE OF THE CITY GUARD.—Thisrtreicriff to tberape^wdoil platt. Lachmann. ;VI AeoM&a opon Liebia's taeory of the method by whichI plant* obtain susietuu.ee. lachmann. «. VII. On the use of Acorns and Beechnut* for fodder. Dr.'2tonhau»e>n, ' _ , . VIII.Ttmdpaperfcrroofsandotherpurpose*8chuberi. IX. Tb*- Jrlemo-pneonorda at P©j>p*J*dorf. A. Schell.X. On tb* cu-ingof Clov«r, Sto. w«,nu.XI. Phosphorous ta certain vegetable oiis. A. Toepler.XJI Mutu-il right* of Landowner and Laborer. Acbenbach. XI-II. ltflaence of Agricultural Associations* on the progreaa6f civilisaUoo. Prof lUufmann.XIV. A f«w word* apon the Poppel*dorf School.In tne Summer Term, lvS(f:Et'i^ant* matricuiated...'..'.....57 JOthersV.ibUrTerm,I«9-t0: . J^al.-i-t.. ;t»d &> I Other*heart, they were companion.beauties, no rivals."the end! Sbe was staying for a few days in the new Adriatic.it tillC 1 • • • • • • • • • • • • • « « 'home of one of the few friends left her; the daughter MontankGallatinN«:W World..been with her lather—poor thing she had no motoejr— to be disappointed, and Lucy offered to take her place, pion," did good service. This engine, as we learn, was tend to visit Fort Hamilton on Monday, Nov. 12, for ' Richard Flannigan, aged 27 years, while riding on tho platformto visit an uncle in—we will say, Berkshire. He was little used to such doings "LOW. built by the Ambekea<? Co. of N. H- ,lt was placed at the purpose of practicing with the eea-coast guns. A, of tbe ste&ta elevator in tho store of Messrs. Althaus'fe Son, oor-the rector of a little country parish; the autumn was *' She was v«ry sad and lonelyjust then. Two days a hydrant near our office, and the working attracted a rier of Green and Houst m streets, was Instantly oranhftd to doathV "iuncle and father were outshootingorfishing,Lucy was left alone with the, housekeeper, a tabby cat, andthelastfriend left her ofher own generation. But the morning was bright and sunny, her young friends bappy and merrv, and, my dear, before they reached the manor bouse, "Mrs. Lucy was as happy as the young- est there. My love, never sit still and cling to sorrow when a duty comes in your way—meet it, and it willworkedanhourandahalf withlittlenoise and fuss. The ergine was in charge of ths Exempt Company. ';•'.FIRE- IN KORTY-VirtST STKKET—>•NARROW £SCA1'£.beeninvited to embark with theCityGuard at the Wall-street Ferry at 10 o'clock in the 'morning, and, after spending several hours with the heavy guns atOnThur»dayeveningMary Lynch,45yearsofage residingat No. 269 WVart Thirty-ninth street, set her clothe* on fire, and was so awionsly but ned as to cause her deathIx<me»t*s were hoid on the abrove cases by Coroner Schinner , and the iusual verdicts rendered.and stately caniage that the gentlemen so admired."Theoldladypausedandsighed."LucywasonlyoneIV. Nature's aid* tj the destruction of various injurWUs ia- year younger, and a little graceful thing with light hair H6r ties^were very few. My love, when life is. wan Merchants', Hartford1 sect*. Lnchmann.• , * and a fair complexion; her eyes, I was told, were very nag away, it is hard to feel we shall leave no one be- City, New-Haven... V.Thel&rraandwormoftie Nitidala JSnee, an Inject de- lovely,blueandopen. ShelovedAugustawithallher hindtomournusandtomissus—soselfisharewe,to western,'of AJUJJ'B..;"Iehouldnotlikethat!" . -,."My dear, may you ever find as dear a friend as of a friend of early days, now a grandmother herself,2,50o Goodhue....2,500 Home, New-Haven 3,000" I sin u!d have run home."Mrs. Margaret smiled and paused."My deai-, they were the happiest days of her life;About 2 o'clock on Friday moruirg a fire was discov-ered in the large tenement house N<>. 201 West Forty- Fort Hamilton, they will return to the city-iu time toA. w. T.TRIUMPH AND ITS I was going to say the laal happy days of her life, but leave a blessing behind it.make an afternoon street parade in their company uni-by sixty-four families, and an alarm promptly given, form. Dodworth's celebrated band, with thirty pieces, Ward, yesterday arrested a carpenter named Wullaui Bennettlaid up with so sharp an attack that week, he could nottately to the street.KIRK IN WKST THIRTY-THIRD STREET; .At 41 o'clock on Friday mornif-g' a fire broke out iu frame stable in the rfar of No. 290 West Thirty-third street, owned by Kobort Sherred, and occupied by John Edwards and Mr. Mack, both of whom lost their horses, valued at $150 each. Damage to building about $•10; insured for $50, in the Peoples Insurange Com-LAST DAY OF SIAMESE TWINS, AND JOSEPH baidatmeasshebowedinreturn,andpassedon.She Hettrick,wholosttwohorsesvaluedat$200each.No; Inspectorsof&eThirdElection District oftheFifth ASDJKJBBUKTHKXNATBAKMTM'NMFS*CX.—Performance* at <Isabella looked up.recognized we with no clue; while I, with that pictui* insurance. A three-story brick dwelling, owned byo'clock Aft* moon and 1\ in the Evening. Siamese Twins, Whs* la It? Albinos, Aquuria, ice-, &o , to be njeu at all hours.,• ii.... »[Advettlsomeui.]ttwe will be one hundred ¥ Wide Awake" candidates iu«d r>m*ty-nine of them will be his sworn enemies, wace their delectable expectations have been dished byjhioThabiediaftppointmeni. Hiseveryactwillbesnb-U*««d to the keen «crutiny and h*r*h criticism which behind her walked the young Colonel. Z/s-^weH my toward ns from a parlor. .:.:'Mrs. Margaret smiled.some woman for all that, my Jove, and used her fan." But she was a very hand-Then, laughing, ' He is vastly superior to any one previous to abandoning her;here.' " The China was 8 years oId,-owned in Portland, Me., "They left the room together. *Lucy saw Colonel 725tuns registerr and had fn 2,277 bales of Cotton, l2Redworthrs eye follow them, glance from her to her days from New-Orleans, bound to Liverpool. ." Aunt Masuaret, itistoodarktoseethat embroidery companion, back to her, and then rest upon her com- The health of Havana still continues good, and theout personal examination, a damaging libel on the FIRE IN WEST THIRTY-SIXTH STREET—A MAN A«» waste lands of Long Island was contained, and $10,000 WOMAN BADLY BURNXD.—On Thursday evening, Mrs:others still a child." Papa is asleep—fast asleep," she continued, fol-damages are claimed b y the plaintiffs who are inter- ested in a portion of this particular tract.Mary Lynch, residing at No. 296 West Thirty-sixth street, while engaged at work about the house, acd dentally upset a fluid lamp, which, falling upon thefloor, instantly exploded, scattering the contents about the room and over the person of Mrs. L. Her husband seized a. blanket, and, -wrapping it about her, soon ex- tinguished the flames, but the poor woman was, never- theless, so badly burned tbat the physicians at thslowing the glance of Mrs. Margaret Fordyce to thegentleman seated in the arm-onair by the blazing was shameful to both; they set themselves one against shot the cook who eeemed to be the ringleader. Sub-log-fire."My dear, I have teld you all my. stories again andagain."" But you must have some more, or make one."Thomas and Lady Anne came to town; their weight went with the better born and more wealthy, other- wife I think Lucy would not have been forgotten. Asdelivered himself and men over to the American Con- sul, who will send them over to Key West by the LT. S. S. Crusader for trial. The evidence before the Con-Mrs. Margaret, who was not the girl's real aunt, but it was, fhe was. She felt her chance was hopeless.; sul was such as not only to exonerate, but sustain the fully raising the stopper, receives the ereamless milk. loved her dearly, looked long intoher face. Elsie, in her weak love she koelt and prayed Augusta Captain in the unfortanate act.The measure of this, subtracted from the original "Auntie! please be quick." to have mercy, and was mocked and scorned. Each The American brig Newton, with ,300 negroes onadmittance, had clamored for him and other speakers also badly burned about the face and hands. The quantity, of course gives the amount of cream. The " How like you are to your grandmother, Elsie!" night August a gained ground, Lucy sat by and watched board, was Captured by a Spanish vessel-of war, near outside, and, just at tbe^ moment when he was de- burning fluid ignited a quantity of shavings in tha1858. Molasse*—i reals # ' keg of 5 gallons.Freights remain remarkably dull. ' • : . Exchanges—London. 13^13} ty cent premium; Paris, ![S>1 $>cent premium -, New-York ar.d Boston, 2J-'&'3i} %> cent premium; thought her heart would break. My dear, how often Kew-Uiteaos, thort/tight, 5®5£ <^ cent premium.vid and the'one ewe lamb.'r" My dear, I need not tell you that from tnat dayhis head from the Bell-Everett headquarters directlyopposite. . - "ROBBED HIS EMPLOYERS.— LazarusStearne,ayoon^German, who has lately been employed as porter in too The Dcctor, who had long since become used to that store of MeeBss. Adler & Co., No. 338 Broadway, wassort of interruption, andTar worse, from the mastersLucy and Augusta never met, never wrote.- Luoysists shnply of eight pieces of four or five-inch joist,•ight fbttiocg,«with the corners champed off, thus get-ting an octagonal form. Theae are strung togethernpin three chains, and fastened so as to lie parallel,about six inches apart. The front under side is shodwith a strip of iron. To give the instrument greater a sigh, " a cay place, too, but we were happy and freedom of action, Prof. W . has dirided the six inner young enough to be gay. Well, my love, we had ourmonthly assemblies and many other pleasant meetings joists, three on eaoh side the cosier chain, joining them now passed away or despised. At these assembliesment, and observation obtained by the professors of now I think you might search England through, in him—what must she have done else in ..becoming drugs, among which were many articles of a highly search of a few crumbs of consolation, leaving the dispose-of it for a trifling sum. From the differentvain, to e.qual one of them. My dear, I cannot give daughter-in law to Sir Thomas and Lady Anne?—had inflammable nature. Tne firemen labored manfully, Wide Awakes amenable, we fear, to the serious charge shops goods to the amount of $300 were recovered, and the Poppelsdorf Institute, are recorded in an occasion- yon their real name3, so we will call them Augusta and never been set before her. Time, I say, had healed and several companies remained on the ground during of driving at least one squad of c< Union " men out of were identified by Messrs. Adler &, Co. Barbelettevrankling indignation and shame at Augusta's treachery. Sbe still called her friend's conduct by no gentlerbnilding was flooded with water.The loss is estimated arfrom $50,000 to $100,000. In-•;.:' '» ''-. ''sured for $156,000 in the following Companies:Coaiinercial'.Mutaal..... $5,000: Staadard.,often do, 'he that hateth bis brother is a murderer.' Norwich. girl of sev*nteen when I first knew her, with a hand- And yet this, when Lucy thought thegrave must have CdinBH-rcialVISIT TO THE SEVENTH REGIMENT ARMORY .—-OnThursday evening Company B., Seventh Regiment" My love," said the old lady,, much shocked, " they name. So sharp had been the fight,' each had learnt were the dearest friend?. Augusta was a tall, fine well nigh to hate the ether, and they forgot, as wo too$5,000 5,0005,000 Franklin, accompanied by a number of friends. Her 4,000 Ladyslip was received most cordially by Col. Lefterts2,5002,500 and Capt. Sbaler. The party were shown all over theshort. ' . En.pire City "Well, my love, Lucy had grown an old woman. Charter Oak...one who at the time of Lucy's fiercest trial had been yetshelovedandsoughther.Weli,monthafteryetunborn.TheyoungpeopleweregoingtoexploreNorth-W»>Htwn.........2,500Humboldt..........Lucy did in Augusta; Lucy was poor, Augusta rich,i . . . . . . , . . , .•and they were still but Misses. Meantime, Lucy badgo with them. Poor things! no one -could bear them At this lire a steam ftre-engiue called the " Cham-water upon him on Thursday la»l.t> rain>; he had no wifd—nochi;dren; and whilst her before she bad heard, as she believed, of the death oflarge crowd. It is a machine of high finish, and large number of military gentlemen and citizens have by comirg iu contact with a portion of tbe frame-work." We explored oak panneled parlors, and dismalthat would have been far from true, though once shethought so. Well, near the end of her visit, thf» family dungeons below the foundation of the present; house,came back to the hall; ^there was grand rejoicing and. which in the reign of Ehzabeth had taken the place of ilamep. It appears that a hole had been out in thebell-ringing, for with them came the son and heir, a young man just returned from America,—he bad been wounded at Saratoga. Well Lucy's uncle went to pay his respects to ths Squire and his lady. Now, my dear, the Squire was old and gouty, and my lady a'.' \v.•*;:•*;•!';.;,>'.' •'••• •ood wife.to him—yes, a good woman—to all be theirwho has lately been employed as a messenger in the .street, by a horse and cart, and killed aloj\>«t instantly. The body of tiie boy Wbs immediatejy conveyed t> tbe residence of hU greatly alarmed, and upon being aroused, fled precipi- United States Express office, No. 82 -Broadway, parent*, *nd the drivt-r was arretted. The accident i«««adto§ue; but proud-^very proud. Well, the Squire wascharged wi'h Jiivmg.sequestere.d $100, whioh hsdbeen have been unavcidablo so far as the driver was concerned. *>'intruded to him to deliver. The money; was addressed {Advertisement.] .to Messrs..J. Terbeil &- Co., in Barclay street, but, in- MEDICAL.-— fhe undersigned, pupil of IIJCOKO,stead of delivering it to them, Sergeant signed their the celebrvted Sexv-a! Surgeon of Paris, and of Prof*. CAawocuAWbefore me, knew not my old friend. *" How did it come there ? I longed to know, butMr. Fitzpat.ook, and occupied by a numbor of poor families, alsO took lire, ana was damaged to the amount of about $300. Injured for $-.'000 in the Broadwayand turueyed to the people with surpassing grace and could not ask. We went down stairs again. We were ,d/gnity. Herwideekirtefilledthelittleaisle,andso preparingtostartborne,whenthesameladyadvanced InsuranceCompany.AFACT.—Dr.A.H.SMKDLY;Artieulut,troate was ateertained subsequently that the premises desig- STAMMKRIINO with si ester •access than any pijyWcian that *»•I'i.<r*iUntitled Document-.:> >.*•• v •hers to the picture above the mantel-piece. Oh, Elsie! ciety will take place this evening at the Academy of members for voluntary subscriptions, with a view of" She sobbed like a child.. I should not wonder if shehadnevershedatearforhimbefore.•»' '"• '' ../" Ah, do you remember that last lesson in the arbor, and how you said I should kill you before I'd done witb it ? I should be a more attentive pupil now, I hope; let us see it again."They turned toward the arbor; they came nearerand nearer. Lucy waited till escape was too late, more than sixty years sgo had loved me. All was for- girls who may be disposed to reform their unfortunate THE TIME BALL.—The iron rope whioh wasand then, by a silly, sndden impulse, rosetoiflee. Her gotten and forgiven before that. Lives. Bishop Potter is Chief Trustee. The Ladies ployed to elevate the time ball to its proper position on urcle—he was so fond and proud of har—called her " ' I f you .had not -appreciated him,' I said, (but. Committee is Mesdames C. d Collins, R. S. Ballis,back. Good manners compelled her to turn round and Elsie, flunk, me not better than lam; it was a hard W. C. Moore, T. M. Peters, Priestly, Ellen Kemble,curtesey. Col. Rodworth bowed.' struggle)—' if you had not appreciated him, it would"Ohj Aunt Margaret! This was—-"" Think of the best man you know."Elsie's eyes glanced to the figure in the chimney cor- /ployees were implicated with the above prisoners.FROMHAVANA.PAIR FOR THE BENEFIT OF THE DEAF MUTES.— mentedwithmirrorsandsuppliedwitheveryconve- A Pair for the benefit of St. Ann's Church for Deaf nience. The gymnasium proper is a spacious budding;The U. S. Mail steamer Quaker City, R. W."Andsheliedbimadog.ofalifeeverafter,Ihope?" "My love, I never wished so.. I cannot justifyof raising even "small potatoes, and few in a hill," a had many admirers but- few lovers, for she had little Stock on hand here and at Matanzas, 85,001* boxes and 100 hhcts., number of that indispensable edible. (fit emblems5,500 Lamar 2,500. Indemnity 0,000 Arctic5,000 National Guard were honored with a visit, from LadyrfOnce a Weak.name never met Lucy's eyes again. Years passed on, occupied in the lower part by Penfold, Parker «S£her father died in a good old age; time had healed her Mower, wholesale druggists. The fire originated in drtd torches advanced toward the assailants.. They, the accused admitted the charge, and said that it hadwound. She smilfed now at her simplicity in thinking the £ub-cellar, and through the exertions of the fire- regarding discretion as the better part of valor, sud- been his practice daily to twine some article about hisperson, and convey it to a pawnshop, where he wouldever to be the wife of such a man ; and rejoiced that men, w8$ prevented from extending above the first denly formed in line, and retreated to -Jersey City, in The most important results of experience, experi- could have found within ten miles of London then, the temptation to leave her father alone, yea, to desert floor. The basement apd sub-cellar were stored full of..$156,000three years, died yo»terday at No. 25 Pell street, from the ©tteote corps, under command of Capt. Mansfield Lovell, in- Olacalds received )n oonseonence of upsottiug a kettle of hotACHARITYPAIR,—AfairfortheProtestantHouse T.Bathe,JohnW. Green,RobertJ:Hone,J. X. Waterbury, L. W. Jerome, H. Morton, W. 8. Major,:fiftyyears,' she repeated, 'since I siuned against yeu» 12 (Monday,next)-, at No. 738 Broadway, betweenAnd for eight-anu-forty of these years I have been a Ninth and Tenth streets. This association is for the Kingsland,jr., Geo. T. Kingsland, J. G. Bennott, jr.,widow.'. rO purpose of furniebing a home and place of refage for W. A. Stebbins. "Elsie, she was my old friend. The friend who," My dear, I bslieve myself he felt in love with her have been,hard for me ever to forgive you. As it is,at that moment; but others told her ho never loved her you did but love him too welL' *atall.TheysayLucyneverlookedsolovelyaswhen "Shekissedme. Elsie,myheartmeltedandyearned tothenewcourseoflecturedonRepresentativeblushing and confused, and she was confused enough within me. I flung my arms around her and ciied for Women, by the Rev. John Lord, commencing on Mon- ping precisely at the instant of time recorded by tha then." joy. She fond'ed and caressed me, half scolding.. "Aunt, you say, 'They tell me:' Didn't you know Elsie, we both thought of"the day that I had first toldREPRESENT A TIVE WOMEN.—-We would call attention regularly; the ball ascending to its position and drop* day evening, at Clinton Hall. These lectures treat Dudley Observatory at Albany.: , ;A:-:'' \," — * —the staff at the Custom-Honse, and which broke jast previous to the general breaking up of the Democratic party, has been repaired, and now performs its dotytriumphs with the balls, that these exhibitions may down and promiiing the remainder in a couple of days. inaugurate a school of home billiards which will intro-Mrs. Hunter finally purchased the machine, paying $5St, Baker, it is thought that some one of their em-30 feet in bight, and 52 feet wide, with a racing track December next, and general invitations have been sent entirely around it. All the fixtures are of pitch pine,to the ladies of New-York and elsewhere, inviting of the best material and finish. Altogether this estab- themtoassist in supplying the tables, and sending lhhment no doubt excels in the completeness of iterspecimens of their handiwork, and also to be presentthemselves. The rectory of.St.. Ann's Church, No. 9 evening was devoted to gymnastic exercises, which: West Eighteenth street, is the place where articles for were witnessed by a crowd Of delighted spectators.Mutes, is to be opened about the second week inthe Pair are being sent, preUminary to their arrange- ment for exhibition. ••RA THER A NOVELTY.—We are not aware that there has previously been a case on record of a suit for libel against an agricultural editor. The sphere of such» — ' • . . , . ' /COLLISION.—About 8 o'clock on Thursday evening- the steamer Montague of the Hamilton-avenue Ferry, when off Governor's Island, came in contact with the sloop James Henry from Croton, with a cargo of brick, cutting her down to* the water's edge, which caused her"to leak so badly that it was deemed prudent to run her ashore on Governor's Island, where she now lie* full of .water. The Montague had her rudder carried away. No blame can be attached to the piiot of thejournalists lies more particularly in a peaceful domain,where the personalities and bitterness of political andnews journals are unknown. The rule has been brorken at last by an action brought against the editor ofTlvt American. AgricalturiU. The complaint is that in steamer, as the sloop.had no light up at the time. an article cautioning persons against investment with-\nativeTSouth,scarcelycapablenow,inmanysections,of those who threw the missiles, in the South, contin-STEALING Toots.—Ofiicer Irving of the Twentieth when the police of the Twenty -second Ward, asaidtod by of No. 146''West Tldrty-*ighth streot, charged with liaving stolenfirst ttreet, owned by % S. Young cV. Co., and occupiedRUN OVER.—James Wjllct, aged nine vsars, was fortunately discovered by August Randall) an occupant yesterday arrested William Sergeant, a young man, Tun over on Thursday evening, while p'nyhuar iu Greenwiching overheated, set tb.«m on fire,. .The lire was very of the lower part of the house: The tenants wereAs Engine Comnany No. 311 was going to the fire a member, named Cornelius Dean, was knocked down,i lnated, had not been occupied for two QT thr$e weeksever practiced in New-Vwk. OftlooNo. 10s. tHa-st, »fo•*•**»» wtwt of Broadway.•.•..•• ..i•'••,:*+*expediting the establishment of club-rooms for the following names head the list of subscribers of $10 each Thomas M. Tryniski 309 South 4th Street Fulton New York 13069Swww.fultonhistory.com 