 aSB<TO WIT * ffl T11B6BM* ^r^1? * tttmmt/mamWBtfHt*rtgard to y friend Sperry, of Greensboro, whose *> ienjey, 1will say of htm that however offl \ A FtogltUe SafAWw Swrrendered o* thatroth and knowledge The Greensborougb church num termed Insurrectionary documents There it another9 other digestive organs.. 64 4 Unknownhers 140 children in its Sabbath school, to say nothing ot its active members snd others aspiring to church communion. It has also done more for domistic mis- sions than any church n North Carolina. In tha same papers which have spoken of the necessity of Mr. Worth's departure from bis native State as his escape, is an arti- cle on religious Intolerance in 8pain. Tho case In point was one where s child of Roman Catholic parents wai baptwed by -a Protestant, and dying, was buried in a Protestant burial ground. The Catholic clergy, bear-law which provides punishment for the circulation of Incendiary spoken words. It says that if any person shall endeavor, by words to exslte the slaves or free ne gross to resist the authority which deny them particular privileges, such person shall receive thirty nine lashes on bis bare back, and be Imprisoned; «nl for the second offence the penalty la death. This is a charge for which I have not yet been tried, but for which I may yet be mae'e to suffer unless I can be deliveredOld ageSkin, am., and eruptiveUrinary organs....,. 2 .406evidence of the noisome and dirty character of his place trienos. In costideisticn of Mr. Cooper's consenting to of confinement, snd were besmeared and besmutted all adopt that course, pledged bim their honor that they over. His eyes were bloodshot, snd restless and piercic? would prodece the man snd make application for bail, ss s tcake's. His features were of the African type, flat the enioirg morning: such application not having been nose, big lips, but not unusually so for the race. He had made st two o'clock, Mr. Cooper notified Mr Farnwa a btack mustache, snd his chtn was covered with a beard snd his friends that he should now require that Mr.The Cn^uanun then presented Mr. Warth to thaAudience, aad an appearing he was greeted2 8V . . » . • •. X 1 8 . . . . . 8 14.... .21 16.... .19 I*.... .10 17.....16.S3 8 14 41wife, tons, lewd and unanimous applause, which at flratv?3 <wrt.»«hieak .owm tha ^ f ^ ^ ^ S * ^ kept hi r>was not a dawtor, aad thereforeihao " J f - ' r ' a - ^a jaatotr tea 1, ,*Harper'« •>» to perfectly ewe* - T -r fsteBwcell. -y^"«^Ta?1Sth^»h5r «*? menda were of sojavail, until a^Jjn*tt Pnon .ympathyis acted bete to night, beta no friend to thr I r»ur,y hebwav.vemcBi. Hatoaomeminf of a peat aad deetomwry • Bk',v«meat' oods, bestsrs befog a stomp tpeakrr to the extent of one -r two speeches, which I»m aware have been aaKraradHi * I* 8.»<—tUeesner S. 1rX.iorniB.fr. from tit* !>**»*•*attc Hav floats! Cox»T*mUosj, ia Obliged U» HotstwwHbJohnW », /*~. 'X^rceiivaww*""-T-taborteg nearly probably b*Te•an-*xetreborete'* that I have written. la ae«ax<'i»way**y»sS»aTMwB>^aw«o^*^MB»»aw^^w»^%*NEW YORE: HERALD, mjisMtjuz 8) i8m.-Tsm& saiggr.IBTI i T,MJOUlb.year* " The ttench ef that horrtoleJ*77~£T2. JOB th'j) evening the oral testimony wW* iMf'vRTAflT FROM THE 0CE1N. tookwith *n«cb Isbouid be regaraea southerners, and1 -Metritoiiy forwed • » * • * ^ruMon Tme wee sharply •tod on tha Sheriff, « £ ^ ^ _ » £ £ , tola aarnrrto a!.*d entirely toil '' u^^ored popnl«Uo«, espe-ittoasteaageUxtogthatatoajl ^aavtisjeia*4av»«" letdis,thstheisnot*friendtoamislavery. Heeri*)Jjisrover.dAfter Fsw*DtawaCon- negrosaidhewasfreeaadbtoI*|l» £*.£W -4 1*onot knowthat•TM»J"A Votta—Free speech the worn over. (Applause,K ?ttcatoNorthCarolinatbouM yrt ^e present to stow finement Ua tne Gsatal Hoie-lntensely anctbertmethatitwasWm.I* ,,_ .rridaWni—ard as aasw Btmeslf away to . about nine o'clock an Tuesday]srd be ha) therefore been la the bailer, a place eatirery without timecaul hisdiscovery,at halfpat meratog of the eth, aad this, toe,. water, and ao other food than a tew<THB BBOao'S STOBV OS E* 1 oaasrro that a panelJ* W» ^.g^ttoai to, nam by tun What I want aba aaotoaos principally to under- tk»e Axnaxlestsi Fltaff? •'TJtatom Being Interrogated by Mr. Ha•*»»* erivate tenveisatten wttfl a •»*• ork. Ha dees act unuersrvnd thH UMH are tr.o .nitd which Mr. Helper returned his teat) thirty three years old, aad that he had •\*to#la ttSesuaSJ » *», » » ? ^ * * 2 epptasi pat to by my counsel to tire Supreme Owt Rev. Mr. Trench and a Mr. Case, an exiled Yankee ImtewestlBsr Stent nt Sen-Tfie S p e e d - nan aadaaa barkeeper <I whichvirtually keepsIhecs^a stBltrrjen;sndmy \„«m Khoolmaaer,fromAlabama,nextbrtely addrsassd the ing natal Her Psrts»r tkte Hem. da thatbelived inMadison,:hadput myhailmuch lowerthanIawaMwell hrve ex audience,tbeformertouchingonthe sprritnal phasesof Grent Excitement nt aOpkm* thecityof Bettea. HelaidbehadL.of obedl mected from gay radge of thai state. Twr thvre- the tubtect. sad tbe latter relating to tha practical ex- m .. UVWj-w -—-, " - ^ ^ ,__ importance of on*gate to the Democratic Convettam towhich be wsspaid seven bits aday,BBCe of two extra btto per day towaatedto getto Bostoa to see hishtBie)- away to the oaal holt of tha Spanldtog far toe Bwrpas*,nothevtogmoneyenoughtopayWs rhard * ? 0 S S f ^ W - t o ' i S TM«?S> yieM to(load spi lauK}—snd ot eaa "ef them I can any that if aay man were unlawfully to pat bto bands v a B f person to hw pretence, he woulo rtr * bis own hfe *j my defence.operate upon I have aeen fires tn thla city, but they do cot run tbe •reengrae clear into the house that hi bum rg to rut out tbe fames. (Lsochter.) They go a d»SPECIAL CORiESrOKDlFCB OF ! • » BXIULD. BnAXXB 8. B. SfACLW.to,) OFT BLOCK ISIASD, May e—A. M. jIt i n best for the present to J* toben)o»tf«)y,ajM» to ahow thOMehM onfAhM of thow• toft loMcil are to* "bcnltmen" r« each of tb/j cases— peitaechebadenjoyedlatbeSuwiySmth.tana of Paueagsri on Bsnrd, Ac , Ac.ttace off and throw the stream of water upon it, and that TUto**whichadorntheboioancharacter. And1d*not cftVadad everybody w i hold this to->*x\ta property. putsouttheAre. TheysakmeinthaNorth,whydoyou knowtfcatItwasohorged,eitherbythewitoeteeaorJho Thesemensayia'»**>.*countedinon.thesideofhuman ootgodownSouthwheretbesinnersart? whattothe/TreBehdoccs cheering ) u is a proof •hat 1 have not.a., PABW*. Woaf-TM* aaartyF of ftw*w haa nttenteswbo cendncted the yiontontlOB afatnn me, that bberty (Applause.) ihaveu good friends ammgthe < se of travelling miles to Dad sinners, wben loan find the service of tlacteg ca board the Beamer Baa daFord, •ve Bites back of Cape Girardeau, aa•a* tell««»t" "i??iJ5*t After betog trtod »*<rie'>. oonrwed of Ibadtpoken to or placed tracts to the bands of a ttotle tmvencMeia of North Carolina aa I have scywhere. worse aaea ctaae beret The most guilty men are in tha river, aad is fssaraarwah the tncaihvtttos af the •» ^ i * ^ ^ e a t e s el Betperw lenpendiai, JrMi, and colored person to the Sate. The rosnH of all this was (Revtwad septan** ) The flre-eaafeg democrats are m> North. A silver dollar 1B bard to took through. But .fromBcttonferCfcatlesUn.a negro presimed to be a of the negroes to dta*reat sections of the country pro- 'mWTiaaMiaMat U twrrv* month* lmifsoo- thMthoworktowrhJchlwasonffaged oommenoed tore great pertecutotr ^and the whole, matter haa ataumed a those that have asked ma bare raid, "Aye, yon fugitive slave, fouid lecreted an board tbe Spauldtng ccucoed Jones' story entirety improbable Besides Ber-•*•«,*•'* 1W>I»«aotowl«**•»describetheTire.Theoldaahesglorodataia.aadIwasblessedpoliticalaspeavTheyweret-.jtogtomakedpiUloutcfknowbetterthsntogodawnSouth.Theywouldearlylatamorning,IwIDgiveyouanaccountoftheac ingsofreepapers,arequtrtnewttosexibtywSSBBBtawdha -7the » * • » M ' MM story of hie with that fraetoaa prospect which always anaaat B the the affair, Jus*, like Henry A. "Wise out of the Harper's bsrg jou." And 1 tell them they have grven Booth Carolina of all aegrom iibawi to be free hasrldaaooffth* aid te eBtCt Mik puraueaos *««of»tweswally•*«»»»v1MBwan,endwbtaiaauteml VvtoftheChrlstiaamlnSsterantuugthotlcncrsof Ferryoutbreak,intrybjctoshowthatWilliam averygoadreason.IwilltellyouaUtileanecdote;some- curieteeindetail,inatmuchaathewholeadairislikely wheremsnnerwssthatofaSosmCaromuTstave'aeT thetr ftock awakened to a stMo of their danger. After H. BewarA and everyMay else were concerned tbtog that took place yesterday as ItoftPry mouth church. to be fully investigated upon tha arrival of the Spauldtng haps a bouse servant, although he did set took sanebbke one as be made his departure from th* •ganwans On the American hUattoaary Aisociatton stating that in it. I» to much Ore tha capital that Clarke, There were some gentlemen standing together a* t eam« at Boston, and, furthermore, )• calculated to provoke demanding bta passport he said he had test a, aad witbm*sereinsofdancein rctoltofstylabcra Theooi>|regntionwwmy large, at Kte'«inippt, made «at of the Helper Book. out Itaid,"Ifeelgladtobreathethissirofhberty—1 dtacusteatootherseettaa*ofthecountry. taeiaminingbiswalletttwmfoundtocoutataeeryaC.ty AtaamWy rooiM, wbiah- betef thorn a short Uma 1 made a oomatestoatton toand 1rteognlied, after an absence of thirty ttv* years, Titevjd that Helper ocght to do a good thing for Clark, am just from a Southern prison." "Why," says one of rasa wmten by Mr. Gtlmore. of the bead, tor adatianonM»M meats,•*»» «"*- *•*"*• •* TanBdehore*. onlyfournoraenswheat I formerlyknow. I told them for co exteattyeiy sdveftetng hiswork andcausing It tbem,"it'syourownfault Ifamanwillgoamongmad otecovsnorran>KGROASTBBrrvaDATB' CWBHBBMIUITIS ohisconcert,andafewdortarainmoney. Havtagbean•Metei* 1 oo* tetmnry *Ml fir* aompeaies,aadether thatInadOtttontotheordinary nlsssilkurtionog congTeca- to "be so Immensely circulated, sad aaanrdtog to nulls,bemustexpecttobehorned. Youought to haveIBB COAX HOLE—l i m t FOOD—NO WATS* lefused admissiontotheconcert by Mr. WUd.whopro-••a.iaikis* f W i i a i l B f th* theatre of wfhera heshould dosomething farmyself Butkt pt away from there." "You thrnk ao," said I. "Cer-About half past one o'clock this (Sunday) morning, one. .alter*. * me frtena. of treed*, to hate* te the •'talntt and stoner* " then was a data of persons to mo fifty dollars thla afternoon. (Applause.) There world." Says Paul, "And, now, behold I go bound in of the ftremea of the Spauldlng, named Patrick Daly, waa amiliarly than Mr. GUmore, Jones retained his a*n. ineVnceawttoerfBBnminww, wwww-. « , » ticr/S to tho y«nh, wblch wo in general terms called this act ha baa already performed, for ha handed laixiy What a pity It ta he did not live earlier to thor sbly knew tbe Southern regulations to such eas J v e . . « * « " * - . * « - amnwnBn*. Tne eudteaee num- Chrottna called ''chattels," and (hat these ohattoa seemed are few men hotter known in Indiana and the spirit onto Jerusalem, not knowing tha hard at work thovaBtag coal into bto furnace, when tne be heps, possibly, ef MB being ofand embraced a cb*- to tenk, act. witch and listen to (he words of en- and there Is grt a* excitement there about me. In cense. things that shall befall ma there, save that tha attempt to eaaaps fiud abottt'.ontatogene.hortttkn and teaching at though they qntace, my esse mast be mora aad more Investigated. hoi) Gbtrt witntsseth to every dty, saying that bond heap tumbled dowT.srd the legs of a human being ap- Jor.ee said he bad suffered terribly In hist tBomtorvea hnsaan hatogn, andhadhui andasaresultMrallthaagitation,1canstate,ongood •toiAuctionsbideme." WhstspitythatPaulshould pearedtobisstartledrtatan.Theplacewaadarkandclose, enaononatofthirst;thatbtabodywaanearlyatthehko other pesaonn. Shortly after thai ROT.George authority, that noletsthanftGOdemocrats inthose gotoJerusalem. Nowtbeworldtafullofjustsuchmen buttherewaaacmctoatlightfromthefurnaceOresfor timet<xttotheboiler,whichwaas»batthatItweaMbend sbwwt five rallorxkWgOf?wbe proposed tbrt U f « Ketohea, » q , bo coiled to Ik* of bis paper, containrog an article headed "An ithslitwn me to a*and firmly and bravely in the midst rebg'on without tha Influence of hundreds that have eHre. Supposing that aoma of bto fellow firemen bad sa to create quite a onarrel among the coal hearer* a*MacNet! editor of the Ncrth Carolina PrdbnUi^m, States have gens over to the republican party. ( A D as that Their coses I suppose onsntss other men's, but sometime* almcst roast him. There being ea w* hare "SeB»s*t»g« calledtoorderbyMr.LsTB^ppen, haii-rgfromtteoldtownoffwyettovllto,sentmencopy FSaute) AmiatsterisNorthCarolinaresaentlywrote theirmoralweighttonothing. Wherewouldhavebeen bimto»eethsttherewasahumanbodythere,deador laid,noventilationfortheplace,thestenchwmntreatEmissary.'' The articiathen went on to say that 1 had of my treaties. He says he remembers ma maimed ibemterves for Its sake; but for those men that fallen asleep or become sanbeatad, be placed bto band tobeen teat into thoetnatry'bytheAmericanliMlona/y to bis tnayeia always, and so do hundreds of havelaiddown their bodies—yes,lgonetothestake? Ithis notice ww« «wrrted oxdwrtmowaly.wxed Society, wbicb wan Vhn misnomer (Or an aanoOMWon com- others TWsls a man who scarcely aver spoke of slavery will relate one short anecdote and then 1 will dose. thebresstof the orject, which ha ooald distinguish byto who had beta guilty of committing aa AcoarxxfTLArsv JOKI rrjnxa orrTOBB A BBBIOOSirua.II ta generally customary aa long BwBswama by sea* , ebeir Mr. Metshwm t*ld that the preseedtogs would posed of a band of cutthroats who had leagued them before; hut vow ha speaks out forcibly and nnoompro- Yesrs sgo a Utile fugitive piece, by Mrs. Cbilds, fell Into my the white shirt, and hauled the body out Daly waa sot tor tbe wags oa shipboard to be oontitetog to get upbeetenedbyprayer. TheHOT.Dr.Jointnothe*oftr- mrrrstogethertospillthobloodandspreaddesolation mtsto'gry,aadwhentoldthatherantheriskofbeingim- bands,relatingtothehistory<Rcme.WhenRomuluslaid through the Sowfe. The editor deemed It n duty to send prisoned Hke me, openly declared that he would feel no out tbe plan of the city, there came a great earthquake • . a prayer wJdnim Ood toroll tt* rtobeo of fraee in adtfcttnwnthe hnl 6htato*d to reference to*mo society to preater pleasure than in being put in the same cell that I which opened a yawning chasm, sending forth miasma, amrwt Jeeoooodlor too aloHtry of woooelllta. to oU tho Solicitor of the Fourth Circuit, and hoped a proaeon- occupied. Men are not cowards everywhere; hut when death, desolation, and threatening the destruction of the w Be tboaked Qod that they bo* been penoittoa to tion would be eft enco oemmeooed against she individual, the occssicB arises to try true courage. Lathers, city. Ihey went to the soothsayers, augurs and oraclesMetoncthons, Hoopers, Ridleys, Rodgers, Latimers, to inqcire tbe reason that the gods were angry with them.and Oacmcrs will spring op to emulate tbote great mar- They received the answer that before the chasm wouldalittlefrightened,butbeseendiscoveredthatbehad somehoaxor••sell''fortheamusementofthecrewet On this occasion tt waa arranged among soma of theexhumed a negro, eitter dead or asleep, for he appeared "phuiny pbelkws" to darken tbe face of one of the toaenslbe. After seme shaking theaegrowaaarooaed, waiters by the application of a compound of mfik aad and bis first exclamation wsa 'Please don't tell on ma. moiasses snd drew him up to the garb of a female, antM»MS Daly immediately Informed oae of the eagineers- Mr Libbeut Darto—of the dtooovery he had made, waa in good baada, and would, eoubtiem, have been car- ried out admirably had act the circumstance that a real*batthatofficerdidnotinformtheotherofficersofthe bona fide, flesh and bleed negro bad turned heat of tbe feet, snd tt was not until nearly four o'clock op in the coal hole, pnt an end to the oomedyin view cf that the chief efflcer of the Spauldtng, Mr. Joatah Atkins, the melodrama actually on the stage, itwas wlh diffi-Meet tefether ^hot eTOBtof to ijtopathiM with » at the same tsmme eaxpnresassaiingt thoe hope that the ind Wwould see thjBwotlwwndlryfraia the fltote Thaat a preconcerted moment start the alarm that a female mulatto slave bad been discovered an board. The affairatBlKTO? of Otriat, wbo had been per- was addiuawfl to mo as a sort oi hint to leave T h l 8 18 tyrs lor liberty. A sister from the West has written me cease to extend there mutt be cast into it the most vein*.aretLer tOr l i s namoo onke. " d woaa put to the aaaaa reaclout editor who haa ween attntog thiias mt«t that the excitement about me has led more people to hear bie thisg In Rome. It ta represented that one QuintiuBsseuWd terstateandagahratoositsflrattoaeption,anditisthe ottheHelperBook: than would ever knew that ••iiriiut,onewhohadoftenledthearmiesofRometo vrwon for tto sako at tha poor and tho oppressed, rVlgmmiehawanscf the South generally that is adding it wss published under other circamstances. The BTumpb, was aeen going towards the chasm. Ha waa•a* to firs wmnka to Qod for ten da^Toraar- and for all •fast to thereflamesand keeping alive the spirit of rancor democratic Postmuter to Richmond ia selling •*sted on his war horse to full armor, andgMmerciosandhonettawhttnhaahaw*ahowntohim. whichawmiateseisscattheentirecommunity. They rhem by hundreds. James Buchanan ought to be came on spurring his horse, ana, arriv-cultythatsomeIntheplotcouldbemadetobelievethat tbe report of a negro elave betog found eoneealsd oa beard was true. Aad one—a gentleman tram Booth Caro- lina—was so incredulous aa to tocgh at thefathered meir evidence. Tho necessary documents were take seme notice of that (Laughter ant applause.) ing at the chasm, be leaped over the preci-was made aware of It.A COBS rtT A TIOS•asrajodwiateod would aroui* thowraole sattoa totho obtained thrtsgh tome friends here, and such was the TbeylEsve tried to put down the book, but they have in- pice, crying, "Nothing ta mere valuable than honor andJtMOMJFASSBKGBBS.u w t sto ofwhtoh thoy nro gaaty in persecuting and ap. anxiety to get me that a certain Judge, who would stead put it op higher than ever. I will new simply state virtue. Tbe chasm immediately closed up and Rome waa _ya*t be denominated in the North a «• flro esterj"Mr. Atkins at once informed Capt. Howes, commander nresttog • * srfhowa of poor and aoody within thetr issued his •warrant from the city of Raleigh, that I «m boned In the South for three thousand dollars. safe. Of course this wsa nothing but a notion. But sla of the Spanldicg, of the circumstances, aad at a tittle pastnaes luadtoforbtddinctheintoloarntsreiisotfftattoe- • t e n t h s instrncttl to the wisdom of ChrUtJeam. Ee •rayed*Jso matted would caass the tmprlaoemoat ofreturnable to sot less than four counties where I was offl clause, and g»ve to little time to carry out the process that two of * e gherifls got it after tho return day, and oneof the others got ftsonearthereturndaythat heBefore leavirg there I wrote to friends in this section to sscertain whether they thought I could raise enough here to save ibis old bedy from dying in a felon's cell, and thesecarsiromthevilettimprecationsfromthevilestpeo-very has dug a vast chasm in this government, and from Its (tsik waters coma death and death dealing miasma What wiU close this chum up? I see, says Mrs. Child, a bandofforlorn menandwomen, despisedbytbeworld,four c'olcek a cox saltation w u held between Hon. Brad-ford S. Wales, rf Mtsstchusette; Col Peter Dunbar (oneof tbe charter party),and Hon. A. Banter, a slave ownerto Missouri, and tt waa unanimously agreed that the negroshould be returned to the South by some means or other. TBB LAWS OV S0FIH CABOmrA AXD Although t e said he waa a free negro, there waa sufficient smwsa.Shis trrother sad all Vie attendant circumstances to work couldn't entente It It seems that there was a kind Fto- ple on earth, tor I have lain on my back in Greensboro'Jail going towards that chsam. What are they expecting totargood, for tho cause of righteousness and vWecee'to this msttsr; for had I been: taken to the city of «ith the palms of my bands pressed close against my head do? They come to it snd in they plunge. Aa one atoka redeanotion that Got would molt and saixkae the Raleigh: twiiuld doubtless have fared much worse with to shout out the horrible corses that tell upon the air. My In tbe abyss directly there gees to another,Incredulity.THB oorasB or CAM.i of the slaveholders that trey might give up thetr me teaar .t did. Hearing there was a process out for me, friends have said to me, "Come North, snd we will try to snd when enough have gone in, when tbe I cot into my buggy, rede to the town of Greenboro', and raise ibis mosey." 1 am here, and BOWI leave my cause most valuable things of tbe toad are thrown oienth*w nuow mop. ateconcluded by invoking surrendersomyselftotheSheriff Thepreliminaryexami- inyourbans* Itoldyouthataslaveholderwaaoneach Into it, finally it ta filled ap and closes, and rtbkftsisgon "Jl the eflbrta that are >wkxr«*d»- for nation ook place. Two charges were made against me— bond. But let me ray to their credit that neither of them all can walk over it I threw myself to that chasm. I •be titrnsion of Jie true prtoei#:os of hberty Througnout one of speekUg words calculated to make the population has said one word to me concerning my movements. have been in it 1have been in tbe cbasm of Greensbo-There IB no doubt tbe abolitionists of tbe North w l l b e evidence,totbejudgmentofthoseinterrogating him,to highlyincet8edatthecourseofCspt Howe* la Barren- prove the c i-tmry, snd the question waa whether it was de-ring a supposed fugitive slave on tbe high seas withoutlegsl arbitrament; but the lsws of South OaroHoa are sc she and. „ , . uneasy, and the other of circulating a hook of an incen- They believe I win come back, and, my friends, I shall rougb jail. 1have been one of the forlorn band that heat to pnt back to Norfolk, Virginia, or to endeavor to severe on tbe subject of carrying away negro stoves, that The CiriiMri th*n made seme preliminary remarks. diary character. Ihe examination took place before three go, or Fend the money that remunerates them for paying have sprang into its depths, asd I am not ashamed of tt intercept the steamship Ben. de Ford, belonging to tbe bto own life and the property of bta owners might havefte aaid thai oa thw the eve of tne ordinary annivewarli^ mfgimsies. 1 concluded to defend my sell, snd made a my forfeit (Great applause.) Some personaskad one of (Loud and tang applause )game Una aa the Spauldtng, and which sailed from Beaton been sacriOced had he not acted promptly in the esner- gency The course of the Spaulding, aa aa to interceptat4P.M.onSaturday,forBaltimore,ttwaadecidedto thedeFord,waschangedbybtaorder•am*timebefore adopt tha tatter course, and it waa done, the consultation among the charter party and other aaa- sengers bad ended—before they bad decided what wsawhen large Bombers of people were coming from the East, speech which «hey said was a regular abolition harangue. there slaveholders if "he was not afraid that man Worth - tho Norm,be bad great pleasureto 1quotedfromMrHelper'shookthelanguageofThomas wouldgoNorth,sndnevercomeback'" "No,"aaidmy bringing inem one who oomes from the douih, Jtfferson, snd then told them that if 1 were a religious friend, "at>d if he doea not, my slaves are more expan- tacy might hear from that region a!«i> slave, beitevitg in the religion of the old and new Tes- sive than they are worth, snd I'll sell niggers to psy theA lij nn was <bea sung, and the audience separated. W e t a i f ttepoa-n or JJeatliBwould preaent to them one who had something tament Iknewof nothingtoexcitemesooner totakeup oldman'sbond." (Cheers. Avoice—"Goodforhim.") fntbeatty'aadcountyofNewYork,,fromthe218thday tt rcernoa or TUBa R. HPAVLDIJHS WBHSSJB CHASGSD nan thebeattobedene, tt waa fortunate that he aoacted,———•*, although for tho greater part of fcmrKoataehehaabee*coa&aed withinthelimited,walls •f a drtwy nebwa. B « altboogh he was twice tried, con- demned, and sentenced, be has been delivered, and hasthat be woulu heie rest, while other matters were being TherevereEdrpeaker,after some furtherremarks,said*C ihe Amtncan ttismonaiy AtsoetaUon, preaching the •Tfriaittng gespal of leans Chrns, fie la a n«Uve of worth Carotin*, where he has been actively engaged as a avwfftonary of the cross. But In the midst of his peacefulattribute which can Uke part with the slaveholder in The < tuiniiiK said that it had been represented in asuch a contest (Applause) 1 told them I was arraigned morning pepr that they bad forgotten to mention at Br. AneurismFever, scarletfever,typhoidFever,typhusHeart, diseaseof43 Capt Howes put tie Spauldtog on a westerly course and 41 kept In that direction about four hours.11ried Jcnes to Boston. snd allowed the question of bto free- dom or servitude to have been decided by the proper judi- cial suthoritlrs. They think that it ta a ossrpattoB of power which properly belongs to the Admiralty Courts. Tbe maiority of tbe passengers, however, are of thework he was arrest'd and thrown It to prison His•sly «a*nee has bean the selling of four copies of aSeek wrttbtn' by a nattro of tne same S-ate, and a<1-dswassd net to the slavee nor to the free colored popula them, do ss tome of the dtspotical governments a**, bat to she free white people of the South,—to men ofHoart, disease of, valvular 1arms snd r. bel than the language of the old patriot- Let merepeal!.Hesaysinrelationtoslavery,*'Itrembleformycountry when 1 remember that God Is jujt; but bis justicewill not Bleep for ever " Aad then, referring to theprohibit!!y of s slave insurrection, "In esse of a conflict at the meeting of the Anti Slavery 8ookty at the CwperApril to tbe 6th day of May, 1800. Men,87;women,»1«0»3•;,wbojy»s,,»1•1«6,-»g>ir••l•s,»90•»,—T•«o.t«a,l•,»4»0»6.. Adults, 190; youths, 1«; children, » 1 ; males, 208; females, 202; colored persoas, 7.mUTBS rBOM ABWIU'TS niNUHBcocas* TO DEIJVKR r r THK rrcmvB em rem HK;H SXAS Atthistime,about4 A.M.,the8p*uldtag waaatasa forty miles southwest from Nantucket South Shoals. The weather wss calm »Bd the sea light. After determiningfor the loss of half an hour's Urn* would have made us lose the de Ford, and put aa to tbe great toeunvesaenos of retracing oar Fteps tome hundreds of miles to Narsaik.e j f l M O S OF P AKHBSUrjm ON BOABD TwX SPArOJMWO.But few of the pastengera dltspprove the action of Captbeen sbie to maintain a eonsciesco void of offence towaris«ad and man. The R*v. Mr. Watth Ma regular minister between the siave and his master, God Almi»hty has no Institute to day.Albnmmaria and Brght'a Fever, remittent1 to change her course in order to intercept the Ben de Ford, Howes. Their ground ia that Capt H should have car-there tor holding sentiments dangerous to the community. li this be the ease, said 1,1 want to tell you that I de rived these sentiments wnen a boy from such men as Watbixgtcn, Jtfftraon, Monroe and your own William Gaston; and if you want to punish me forCbeever't church last night that the persons who bad Angina..given bends weie slaveholders. It wu not forgotten; apoplexythat w u shown by the manner in whica Mr. Worth Asthmareferred to it to-tight- What did they think of the char- Bleeding from lungs.... acter for integrity of that man who had been treated aa Bleeding from womb.. Mr. Wonh bad by these slaveholders? It waa unim- BronchitisAbout 8 A.M., Copt Howes made out a stealer, bearHooping cough 8 tog N. N. W., snd although the weather wsa hazy, Capt opinkn that Capt. H. acted precisely right to the matter, Inflammation of bowels.. 7 H. waa f atisflad that it was the vessel he desired to inter anu are ready so to express themselves to a public man- Inflammation of brain.... 13 cept. Signate were then hoisted and guns fired. The ner. The wbo'e affair has been of tbe most exciting cha-of Europe have c one, when a man was to •> successful snd peached. Ihen what could they think of laws which putCancerOaccer ot the bowels... dancer of tbe stomach.. Cirrhosis ot ihe liver... Gorgestienof tbe brain. Congestion of the lungs. ConsumptionInflammation of cheat.... 4 Inflammation of lungs.... 15 Inflammation of stomach. 1 Inflammation of throat... 8 Inflammation of womb... 2American en-i^n, Un on down, was set flying ss a signal of distress, snd the throats of the guns which had seen service in the Revolution and ta the war of 1812 weremade to thunder the alarm that waa to attract the attenracter, snd altbouvb it delays our arrival at Boston some eight hours, tt has furnished oae of the most interesting topics of conversation and paragraphing since tb* Spaul 1- irg left Boston, en her fruitless expedition of endeavoring to Bcminate a candidate for the Presidency at Charleston. The news of the adjournment of the Convention to Bail! more was fi'st received by the Ben de Ford, aad gave satisfaction to the Spauldtng's passengers.The Rescue of Captain Fnrnnra. [From tbe Savannah Bepublieaa. May 8 ]sae same easts as the aiaveBolders, to awaken them tofee impolicy of slavery. Forinnately. be (the chalrmao)bad that very day received a aspar from Green borough,Mirth Carolina, but who bad sent ft to him he ooald notaay, as it come anomymously. He, however, felt It apleat ore to allude to it, as it afforded him an opportunityto speak mors drreotly to the quesucn before them, snd•f the noble BMS who would soon address them. (Ap. on hand. (Applause) imeof the Magistrates here made Mr. President, I am entirely unused to public speaking, Convulsions, Infantile.. ptonte) In this paper there was a short article theremarkthat"TomJeffersonhadsaidandtaught sndImerelycctceupherotonightfortheprivilege Convulsions,poerpeia'. whkh speaks of tho arrest and trial of the Rev. a great deal of thmfoolery during his lifetime which of ssking Mr. Worth a few plain questions, to be Group.... DanielWorth,forpreaching,and circulatingin-hewouldboashamedofnow:Iopenedmytntwereassplsiniy.Mr.WorthwasbornandbroughtDebility,adult eurrecuonary doctrines- It also states taei hehad bean Hied m Guilford a second time snd eeavleted by the Jury after a brief deliberation of ifteen minute* He had previously been tried in Randolph aewnty, where so much haste bad net been made, the paper goes on to stote that his bail had been greatly re- dwood to the extent of tl.OCO, aad this, together wife the atotnsary securities, bad been procured for the time betas. It then adds—"Now we may presume that Worth to at large, snd It is the general opinion that he will soon escape to the North, to be forever a fugitive from bw own native State. Mark the expression, escapeMortification Palsy PleurisyBTBAMJEB.TheBen. deFordkeptuponherdirectcoursefornearly OnTuesdayaftersoon,aboutdusk,our county jailwaadied ubwhipt of justice. They would sometimes dig up hi* hones and bang them on the gallows to testimony of their dwapprobetion. It was done, I believe, with the bonesof Cromwe*!, and I know It was done with the bones of Wick ctlffe, and If you will go to the tomb at Mount Vernon snd dig up ihe sacred remains of George Washington ana tflen make a requisition for me I will besuch worthy men in pitoon,and among such associates as be has been imprlscned with?attencedto. „...«_ A collecticn w u then taken up, amounting to $154 26, and it was announced that Mr. Worth would be preaentA gentleman who gave his name aa A. ratKY SFEKRY, then sicte in the audience, and requested permission to auk a few quest iocs of the speaker. Being granted the privilege, he ascended the platform snd spoke as follows:JaundiceKiineys, disease of 1.1 ver. disease of Maiserous,adult Marasmus,infantile2 4month to ask him if the Declaration of Independenoe was op in my county. The Rev. Daniel Worth knew Debility, infantile net a piece of that tomfoolery, butIremembered the when be csma there to circulate Helper's book Dlphtherite17 THK BBS. PB rOKD WSTAKBS THB STACLDDIG FOB AS B5GU8B .10place and held my peace (Applause ) My bonds were that be was violating a law of the State. Dropsyput at $1*,0CC—t*,tOO more than those of a diabolical Now, gentlemen; knowing this law, and considering the Dropsy to the chest.... Smallpoxbalf an hour before she answered the signals of the visited by seme four or five persons who effected the res- e • Spauldlng and hauled ofi to meet us. It was afterwards cue of Captain FarBum, who waa arrested to New York, understood that Captain Ballett, of the Ben, de and brought to this State for trial on a charge of compli-.. 1 Ford, had mistaken tbe Spaulding for an English steamer, city with the stove trade in the Wanderer case. The cir- . 1 aa she wss then steering in the direct route of vessels cumstance* of the rescue, so far aa we can learn, are aahberty reduces yen below the worst criminal in the land1 wish to present to you the law on this subject. Thereverend gentleman than quoted tho law to reference tothe Introduction and circulation of incendiary works Inthe State of North Carolina. The law states that if any per sherffBoon. Mr. Worth knows bis name, and offered CrOB C l U U T B OB BBASOB.or shall aid or abet to the circulation within the State of (Gieat applause ) I s m s fair msn, snd r.occst in my Casualties by a fall 1 Lues venerea any written or printed book, pamphlet or paper, eplnicns and views of the Southern people; snd 1 think, tssoslf.es beirg run over 1 Old sgowhether printed in or out of the State, tbo evi- and Mr. Worth will agree with me, that the majority of Compression ef the brain 2 Premature birth. dent tendency cf which is to cause thefrom hi* own native State." Here is a man who has beenpat In prison without bjlcg s criminal. He was a servantof the Lord Jeans Christ, engaged In preaching the Gos- son shall bring Into the State with the intent to circulate, I'm a dollar to t s y Mr. Worth a breakfast one moruing. Casualties 4 Intemperance. 1 . 4 . 3pel of salvation; and although this paper says that bo had been taken up for circulating incendiary doctrines, the indictment Issued against him has not been for preach- tog, but for selling these books. These things, ladies and gentlemen you must remember, have not occurred on the esaanes of Russia or of Turkey, bat in one of our own States snd among cur own people. And that you may see that the people should know better, you must consi- der the fact that there are a large cumber of worshipping Chrwiians In this district of the country: large sums have been oolwoted there for the advancement of Cnristiansels nesred each other. opportune moment betog selected, wben Mr Stone, the KSM'IM. I B S &EGBO 0 5 BOAFTi— A BTIBJirXG BCXNB AT SBA. ailer. was out on parade, and Peter Luddy, his deputy, About nine o'clock A. M., (Block Island bearing N. N in charge- Captain Farnum requested Luddy to lockslaves to become discontented with their bondage In which they arc held, and the free negroes to be dissatisfled with their political position, snd thereby cause them to become rebellious, tuch person shall be deemed guilty of felony, and shall be Imprisoned fbr not less than one 'year, and shall he put in the pillory and whipped.'1 This is the law for punishing what arewant to be let altne en this slavery question. We want you to let us a'one. (Cries of "We won't let you alone.") We want jou to let us abce. ("We won't'') Then it is flgbt to the death. ("Go in '") We must be tot alone. ("We won't do it" Great confusion. Cries of hear, bear, hear him.) A gentleman in the audience isked it a pcrstn in Sooth Carolina could have tl.is priv.lrge of free speech granted him. Fiaally, quiet wss restored.) I will ask the questions I wish to after 1 have answered this question. I am asked if a per- son in North Carolma would have the same privilege ex- ter-ded to bim tbst is graded to me here? 1 will answer In all render, DC—our lsws forbid it (Hisses and sp-plaupe, theformerpreponderating )A Voux—Repeal your laws' (Great confusion )The ret>ti>B>T rose snd said —Gentlemen,in New Yorkwe hear Noi th Carolina, or anybody else from any place.Drowned 4 Suicide... Fracture of tbe tkul).... 1. 1 d cable lengths of each ether, tbe order was given by to the ball leading through the jail, when ha waa mat and Cspt. Bowes to "bring tbe man up"—a note explaining j eld by tbe rescuers- his keys taken from him, the .32 the circumstances of the case, addresaed to Capt hallett, * rifoner released snd conducted to a carriage to waiting,baring been pieviously prepared by the commander ot nd driven eff to tbe Puliski Bouse, where be waa aur- 3 .he Spaulding, and placed in the hands of his chief officer, cbin.ed by his friends, who farther defied tbe law by*In the mean time This is the plain sense ofCadarlyear lto 2yeare 3 to 6 years Sto lOyeartASXB.76 80 to 40 years.. 44 40to60years.. 64 60 to €0 years.. 19 60 to TO years..3 70 to So years... 57. 32 of short length. He seemed tike a plantation negro who Fsrncm should surrender himself into the custody of thetog of the cue. determined to have the re- thelaw. Butwhatistheconstructionputuponthislaw (Applause,andacry,"NotsotoNorthCarolina". 29.28. 0O 4*.1 .2.415.1 .1 .4 .1 .263 .6 .1.406had seen bard service, and wished to taste a bit of the jai'c.r before te/would content to notice any application, free air of the North. after that hour, for bail on bis part, and that if they re- Mr. Atkins stepped Into tie small boat, as she was fused to afopt that course, he would call upon tbe propermains exhumed, and made strenuous efforts to carry out their views. But Mr. Buchanan interposed, and by active interference prevented the indgnity from being perpe- trated on the mortal remains of the child. But in com mentlng on the case the paper says that It is not a fact that Mr Buchanan is at all indifferent on thest quest ions; yet the 'aw w bigotted, the government blgotted. and the people still more bigoited thtn either of them. These are the views ot a North Carolina papar in reference to intole- rance in a far off country, and yet it has not a word of eoudematioa of the treatment of Mr. Worth—a mm of the very same State, whose only fault has been that be freelydeclared the great truths of the undying Gospel of the Jjord Jesus Canst Ladies and gentlemen—The K»v. Mr. Worth will bo heard here to-ni^ht, and in all these parts of the country hereafter, we miy neglect bis esse snd the cause he represents We may think feat tt is sot a part of our duty to consider the facto brought before as. aad to give him our sympathy an 1 ear aid. But we will in ihe sod and ourselves greatly ashuaken. "Unto the place whence the rivers comathither the waters will return again." If we can with careless disregard hear of such a ease, although it has occurred in North Carolina, and not in New York, do yon think that God's law of retribution will leave as without our reward? How mag it may bo n* we cared nought shoot this before in this community •f the State ot New York the same cruelty, barbarity and tyratny might be ahown to us that have been shown t o Mr. Warth to North Carolina* it to, indeed, oar duty to toko a part <n ihw contest snd to givein North t'arc-liea? The book, a few copies of which I sold, and for which act I was subsequently arrested, wu not addressed to the colored people. No slave nor colored person ever saw it It was only Intended for the white people. Therefore there was no just reaaoc for such an indictment u waa issued agaiusi me. A man could not be brought up and » r raigned for tampering witb slaves or free peojSI of color by the sale of books when he sever adlroued them on the subject at all. If it had been stated in the law ibat con slaveholding white people were to be inorder being restored the speaker preceded)We forbid it for the same reason 10to lSyeersswirgirg by tbe Cavils, and ordered tbe negro to folio* b m Ihe negro did so. and seemed alarmed at the pas slbiilty of falling overboard. He was seated near the stem sheets, two or three of the steamer's crew took their place s.witb the cars, snd just before the boat was lowered into the deep the negro was asked how he felt Here plied, "Ob. pretty well, sab; ' and in a short time he was placed en beard tbe Dc Ford, to be carried back, not ex actly to did YirgtBiy, but to Maryland, where, if he can substantiate his title to freedom, he may be again set at Hberty.IBB 8TBABKR8.Meantime the scene on board tbe two stesmers waa excitii g in tbe extreme. All the passengers and moat o* tbe crew of each vessel were on deck witnessing the novel spectacle cf turreuceriig a tugltive slave in mid ocean. OB beard tbe Ben. de Ford a number of ladies appeared— a truly pleacant sight to some of tbe old and young bache lots en board tbe Spaulding, who bad been more than four cays without seeing crinoline in any shape. Theresolbcrlties snd require bis forcible arrest Mr. Far nan: • tben surrendered himself into the custody of the jailor of Chatham county. We understand he will make his appli- caticc for bail tb's morning.At one time matters wore a squally appearance in th* office, and shooters" were exhibited with freedom. The parties engaged in the affair, we believe, make ao secret of their complicity . tbey did not even take tbe troa >to to disguise themselves, but went aboot thetr work with a boldness asd sppsrent disregard of consequences thst sbow ihey were determined to override every obstacle and set tbe law at defiance. Their object is accomplished, aid our ormmunity have the proof before them that our cruris avau cs nothing if a few determined men sea proper to set the'r sctiocs at naughtWith the commission of such an act as this It is perti- nent to ssk where is such a spirit to stop? Are we to quietly submit to such encroachments on the eraiy safe- guard we have—the laws? Shall we say there are such and such men ol family, wealth aad influence who maymade to apply the law in my case aad to fix the full penalty upon ma. I have good reason too, for knowing that even the Judge hlmielf told therosecutor"Youhaveperscentedthatold msnenough." fhey even tried to get a little coporal punishment added to my sentence. It was the same Judge who tried both cases for the cir eolation of the book, and he sentenced me to one year's imprisonment, but did cot go any further He said that he did not with to add to my srguish by Inflicting corporal punishment, and woulu content himself and tho law by simplv \ imprisonment. I mention this to show you what an ex cellent man he was who sat on the bench. But yet in con strsining the law ss to the alleged culpability of circuanswer to the question, 1 intended to say that our lawa forbid it, but 1 will say further, tbst Rev. Mr. Worth haa a light to go into stores or into our parlors snd argue tha question with slaveholders, but not in the presence of colored recple, or in colored sssemblles where people have s right to go. (Cries "Thai's not s o . ' )Norway Totaipital all our aid and sympathy and support to so true hearted totieg a work srnong white men, whkh it wss only in did sot, ss a msgittiste, know that tbe bock was con- Total.aad deserving a man as the Rev Daniel Warth, whom I tended should be kept out of the way of slaves and free trary to tbe lsws or North Carolina. I answer no. IaWABM.1 .313. .8mow have great pleasure tn introducing to yon.negroes, be said that it wss not necessary that a slave or cctortd person should even see a copy. He held that it w u sufficient to conciliate the offence if it were brought into the State and given into the hands of white men such being tne ease, and amid the excitement that pre vailed on the sesond occasion of my trial, the jury did notregard to tbo discussion of parlors snd stores, I have only to say that there is LO liberty te discuss the question at sll. Tbe gentlemen said he paid tho Sheriff a dollar to get me a warm breakfast If ha had given me the dollar I could have got it, but s s tt Is I never heard anythingtrial In rcaneot to tha interpretation of the law by the other Judge, i would have no hope at ail; fbr on one ocDecrease this weekDANMX X. SmUYAH, _88timore, la this fellow a delegate r SPACLIUJC—Look cnt for thatIt that you, Fraser?Jal-er. il* answer wu, that the boy waa brought there aeen fit to honor me. speech —"-- to be healed of his wounds, u be was not then In s fit my Una. 1 sm her* only aa oaaef conditionforthemarket. Theson of anoldQuakerhad cot as a public speaker. fl**uM i SXr,2"2dTjJlB4 *ner "•*•a»JShecametowitha to make public speeches, l will7W*patoofhendcuflktoput on the boy and take him away.mesas of making my totmtioaa kaoe*,ssme time express my obHgstccs to thethanIItapoteibislormetodonow.1mustaay, mindhaa,however,continuedvigorous,inspiteofagednrtogtbeexpedition,fortheservice*? takJ them*.**3to thisMy frisada for I dared flry roundst o " ! **" k*"*'aad he hadr*> * do yeaat thaever,thatIdonotadmittheneceuityofaaymanmak andphysical debiflty. liewasamostdignifiedandre-thst you would forbid me causing a horse to run away in the street for the damage it would do. It would draw men there, like John Brown, to put pikes into the hands of cur negroes to cut our throats.Mr Loi ;s Tan-As rcse to a point of order. The gentle- man said be wssbed io ask a few questions; but instead ef that, he Is zo'ng to make a speech/ (Cries of "Goon." "Go on, Nonh Carolina," " Free speech the world over "'12tol6ye*rs 15 to lTyears 17 to SOyean 20to 56years28 to 30years.British America. Fast Indies England110 12 l t i80 to 90 years.. 90 to 100 years. UnknownTots)Mr. £i'*KT'.Y— All I want is a fair showing If France permitted to Fee or read the proscribed documents, then the gentieman dots tot wish to hear me 1 Germanythe Indictment would stood But this is not the construe will quit That is my dextrine everywhere Ireland Hon put on the taw in the South. Every effort wu asd siiywh«r«. (O*eo of "Go on," "Go on.") In ItalyHATivrrrss.4 PolandI Prussia6 Scotland2 Switzerland...37 United Stales.. 86 Unknown3 Wales. rcsuc iSBti'icvoss.eluded tn the category among those who should not beMr. Woxifl—That is a mistake. The courts cave rently cecided.diffe-Sellevue HotpiislCity HospitalCity Prisons...Colored Home Hospital... 3 Smallpox Hospital, Black. Island Hospital 1 well'slslandMr. gpiRjev—Now, one of the questions I wished to ssk the Rev Mr Worth, was In regare to his treatment while in jail, by tbe citizens of Greensborough. Another was, wby he did not get somebody else besides slaveholders to go bis bonds; and anctber is, how he got to tbe borderswas a rrnt> swell in tbe tea, and each vessel having do as they please snd not be Interfered with: Shall the*of the State'-Mr. WORTH—I will answer. He wsnted to know if Iarpearedtostartlehimalittle.Inappearance,theKev.takemorethanuTtosaminutestoconvictWhatIin *••h•*• .1718 21teresttomsny.sndncneknewwhatstormsBighttheartta,oathisaccount,alltnemoredangeroustartbegentleman hi touch like a sturdy Western farmer, acoustoastd to hard work, aad apt entirely ansmsjaaastoi withthe rougher side of soman Bto. He is now, apparently,•hoot any yearn of age, sJthouge still hale and active, and memorable word---' If thou mayst be free,*Providence would regard the whole proceeding!, to aaynothing of the courts of law. Some warned the band tostrong enough lor the try tog duties of his sslf-imposed vo- enaton. Ho spanks iteeastv, Badaccaatonalry with vary grest volubility, aad to flexibto though sonorous tones. To alluse fey liberty rather.'' If he were to cmS^i-JSl t ^ « t e . . - _ . "P'Tt «d saidTotsl 4Cn The number ot deaths, compared with the correspond-Mr. Gllnore wisely declined doing so.A VOICE FBGM THK BBN. DB FOBD— (The small boat conwith tbe greetings of friends poured Into their ears at th* scccmplisbment of tuch a magnlflceat ee**. B"* w• *h*ea• these transitory emotions sre psased, aad tbey toquired of my jailor, would be said if the great apostle Paul could now Bitot from his rest of hundreds of years, and appearing in North Carolina, should say once more hisWeaf•e• .2019 21 .13 20 io!!!!!! .19 33hew a man who baa labored diligently with u v v **—** D""*! Worth, we would hang himtalniig the negro being then midway between the two look deliberately at tbe act aad lto legitimate" by exposure to the sua. la snano pamef bto addrsan ha waaaltopty stogseai, aad at repartee was as rosnarliable that tt threwaudience into repealed "convulsions" of merriat**) forward aad ad- Mfanwwa>-to-night. agreeably so briefly made,selves.does i taa ycu can get to tha thing you wish la shoot the breakfast or the dollar. (Ixmd laughter.) Ha asked me next if the citizens of G'eenboro' did not treattows:-Week ending Msy 8, its?qurtces, they cannot fail of acknowledging to themselves the gravity of their error.Arrivals aad IHpdtrtmre*.ABnTTAbaVliTBRrooi -RteemiBtp Cay of Waaatostm—Mrs etaswnid.Mr and Mrs J D Mayaard. John and Maneht Maynarc Janes KUapttricr, Hies Bum, Mia* B»7ell, Mrs Oorwoa asd two sac- dren, George Darllagtcn, OrpiereM, Mr and Mra BAadrwwa, BMiaAr,e«rewa, Bcberttryar Mr aad Mra'*, *>v Jijjlnlh-an, U Brewencn. Mr aad Mrs Janes Brnsett e»« »f«y, £Ir and Mrs Bajlor, Mrs r.lover and family. Sir aad MraOe- rwd. OeoryeHcljraie. Mrs Neman aadeslld, Mrs low**" and three ?b1)dr«n ¥r Baaalrton Fertan ^ f c . , , r J ^ ? ^ BanHten reisti, Lewie Pebwat* JBBSdiy*. • £ • • " 2 ; Mrslrman, Jaoftwet Mr Spesear,. Jno Law*? SZoZ? Were**NaalKmdBB,MrBeets,Mrrronnne,WnGray.The bsnd strikes up again. The "Marseillee Hi n t ' iaexquisitely played—succeeding "America. ' Cheats aregiven by tbe p»s«engcis on the Ben. De Ford, the todieswave their handkerchiefs again—some from tbe portholes, as if the poor, dear creatures were sea sick, andcould not get from their berths to the deck. Rousing Banram, Ml*. FedOn Br J MMatthews, HeeH ? g » J " l "hgherthanHamen. Icouldhavegivenball,butIsourttthe security of bolts and prison ban. I fe t m o r c a S ein a double grated cell than 1 would anywhereTeise aUbattimeandinthatplace.Thefactto.thatifIhadbeenoutside of the prison of-Greensboro I would havetostmylife through the violence of mob lnfluencs. SoI remained there during the winter, and until me well. All the mesne I bad o( knowing was through feeeaUy for tha purpose of meeting aad encountering thlastesmers)—Who s tbst you've brought from tueChariea- toB Convention? Is it s black republican ?AWWIK FROM IBB SPACiDBtc—Yea. Take good car* of him.Bxs. I>BFOBP—We'lldothatSFACurttc—vShat's the news from Boston ?Baa. Da Fcin—cbsrletton Convention adjourned to Bal-Mr, WOBIH tben made tbe following closing remarks—I used to be asked why I did not go down South, withmy preaching When you wish to heave a weight thatyou csnnot lift with your bsnds, you take a long lever,and thus you sre enabled to raise it. Now the North iathe lever tb'at we can ate to more the Shouth. Who givethe South tbe fslnve prisons, for which tbe money of thethe nation at spproprtateo? Your Northern representa-tives. Tbe South never bad tbe power to do it them tag weeks of 1868 aad 1869, and of hat weak, waa aa foJsrite before wc retched our port of destination, nor howprecedent it gives to sny one wbo msy be actuated by wrorg motivea We do not suppose that a toerini of re- gret bss yet been for a moment entertained by one of theWho parses the Fugitive slave lswtV Ihe North It does not follow that you must go aa near480 Petjresaw. .867 IncreaseSt88. - , *914C6Sheriff Boone, who told me I could not walk tho street without being exposed to the fury of a mob. In regard to the question concerning whether slaveholders did cot6,1860 JM82 1800.therewasasmallcommunityofChristianatoNorth becomeaaysareties,Ibsvealreadypubliclystatedthat CrrriNSPKien'sPsriRTirjjiT,XawYork, Carolina, who opened a place of worship, but adopt- met. Aa to tbe tost question, bow I got out of the State,How are you i How's Toltec 'rBus. DBFCBD—TWOand seven eights, and rising. (Ha!b*' b e ' ) Who have j o u nominated at Charleston ? FTACILBC—James Buchanan.BBFour—Who did you say rSi-Afiiux; (repeats)—James Buchanan. IsFon—Ua!ha!ha!(be pleasure of adi avger audience than the one before me. ed aa their bond of union that they could not 1 think that Is co business of the gentleman. It is a mat-We announce BUS regret, says the Philspelphla Bulle- tin of the 6th inst, tbe decease of Hon. THOMJIS PXRC;KA.\T, ex-Judge of tho Supreme Court of Pennsylvania, which tock place this morning, at his residence m this city. He wsainhis'9thyear,havingbeenbornintheyear1791.togtoredeem the promise which has been bold eommunioa with those who sanctioned the ter best known to myself, (applause and laughter.) io <p*ak to yon to regard to toyself and things com ato of slavery. The fact having been brought the gentlemen satisfied with my answers f\gi wmh my nusnoa as s sttoister in the South. It abefore this Judge, he charged the jury that tt waa their dot?toindicteveryoaawhoworshipedunderthatband, and they were in fact indicted, and sf they had performedMr. SrssRv—Yes; all but the last SFEECHOFHTNTOHROWAN HELrgB.It wts here announced that Mr. Helper, the famous He was a ton of tbe Hon. Jonathan Pickenson Sergeant, another ant of worship they would sll doubtless bare author of the "Impending crisis' * waa present Instantly and a brother of ihe tote Boa. John Sergeant. He gradu-Joshua emHk.<*ABLMTcs*-«MmsBte Colu»bM-Mr aad *•*•*•*•*been liable to death. Suppose it had been Judge Saun dera Instead of Judge Bailey who had triad my ease, what it could I then have expected; nothing batfee air resounded with cheers and cries of "Helper Helper, Helper " The gentleman, who occupied s front seat, responded by rising, bat indicated by a shake of aa bead that ha waa aveiae to making aated st Piincttoo College, and studied law under Jared Ingersoll. Fsq. In his early life, and Indeed long after- waids, be wss a writer for tbe jeainslssnd periodicals of tbe osy.lontirouting many articles, both poetical andsen, »<rtJeknson.MiesDTLamb.Mrafcraf*.*nJeffyand child, Miss P M Bobertaon. Miss B J koMf»»-Mr, * / w £ Wr. laseey, A rirtejat 0 *eF»r»»d I B Mjers, J Al Pas*.Mnshwatos* awawaw/ wwvaBeyawgrwxwSSK sarennnsj ^ wnewn* V I Iward being aay longer la oar TcaaboJary. That is the law to North Carolma saatolBtil by tho judges aadSatotolli s of the awnwnw.the vlaltotioo of death. Do yon of the despotem of Austria and of Nspoleon* Yoaspeech. The cheers which now went up were prose, all IndieaUsg fine taste sad culture. Mr. Sergeantcheers were given from the Spaulding, snd each vessel MeFsrnad. Mas MaPartaad. attas I"•"" "•"aeV*y"•?£"£!!*'..*** «•» « the air, handerchiefs waved, soon attained a high position at the 1hiladelphia bar, not trsvel over the gre*t waters to and despotism, far tt enthusiastic gentlemen sprang upon the asata which tben ccntalced some of its most brilliant orna- the is not true deepotbm then there it ao use of that fcmeotig "hurrah" uaUl u>y w V e fi^ y ^ j ^ g ments. GOT Ftodlay appointed him Secretary of tbedeparted on Its eepaiate course, apparently satisfied that they had acccmplahed an imperative duty. There were a large number of railing vYssefs to right at tne time fine trsBsff r occurred, aad if a calm had not prevailed they aould doubtless have coate down to us to sacertain the cause of such an extraordinary spectacle as aa American steamship cemirg from aT>rmocratlc National Convention with ibe flsg of their country Union down.BOW TBI MGI0C0T0K BOABP TBB SPArU>»G AStfSTOWKI) araaatr AWAT. /*Ih^B*?ro.***eB««ged by a truckman oa the morning (Tuesday) after Gtlmore's tost concert tn aiarieetooTto!"?\ m.?"J **" ICB»«°f thetoalrntofnta ofthe backtetbevessel. Becarriedea"ateoaa, and was paid by Mr. M-rahnilsgent of the bsnd, and also rostmasteifavase and uorte Mr acdVia ."PorTiATNer or TIXAB.—The coming < estimated by those beat Informed, wfllpi haa I sawI saw a poor boy brought into the prisonwounds aad lacerated In a truly lamentable What at be brought here for* I inquired of theanother effectWhile of theseI waa to slave lawsh'k^Jm^ST' "* ^ ^"•towd, *• «PS Subsequently, Mr. Sergeant waa, far a time, a JudgeHelper off without a response. Finding this was tbe onlvCbBBcaweaJUt; bat in 1819 bo resigned that oUtoa to sc cept that of Attorney General. Hon. Samuel D. Ingham succeeded him aa Secretary of tbe Commonwealth.linns on G»Ttj»Fs-J hsvaouiyaword tossv I cstne here contrary to my wkahes, without an tdeatnai I ibouW be called upon m the manner in which vou "of the Ihatrict Court of this dty. He was also I'calicatter of this city, under lTesident Jackson. He was afterwards appointed oae of tbe Judge* of the Su ptime Court ol this State, and filled thepost Ttith dignity aad eMUry far rosny yearn; bto term expiring, under thetog a public sprech simply because be to called upon to do so by s public sudieoce. There should be a contract between the two, which ought never W be violated.tVoicr—We wasted to fee you.-. BBJ ma—Well, I think I have showed myself. Voice—That 'a so. Stay up.I enrtraa—1have only to my, in ecnchision, thspectable representative of tbe old school of Philadelphialawyers. As a JVdge, he appeared to advantage even asa col'esgue of Gifc-oa aad others of that period. Asavessel, and in about anf «• • Poekage of mint, bound up to abe offered to Mr. Wild, who "'that he bad a couple of CharlestonBr. W. asked him whatHe replied thst he intended to grve one to him (Mr W > sad on* to the steward, Mr Iteaa, and asked where he ecuJd find tb* latter. Mr. Wild laid aim where he was likely te be, and paid ao more attention to the matter until he was called upon lo identify tbe negro this morn- tog. Be at once recognized bim as tbe one who had beenUntitled Documentdisease of kidney a...wife murderer xho w u arrested about that time, and treatment he received, I want him to give us justice, and Dropsy to the head . . . ... 2 continued btsy for some time, which prevented Captain every privilege at tbe jail consistent wbh a liberal can- Ballett frcm seeing our signals, and it was not until he itrue ticn of cuty; his confinement betog almost a nominal .878 beard a number of the Spauloing's guns feat he was made hirg. Arrat gements were made between him and the aware that the object was to attract his attention. He eeeucrs that Captain rarnom should give up hia parole then bowed the private signal of the fine (the Merchants' nder which he had been allowed such freedom from re- and Miners' Transportation Compely), which waa an trslnt, when tbe former were to rush to, bind tbe jailer,. 4 swered in a similar manner by Capt Howes, and the ves- t nd release tbe prisoner. This was carried Into efleet,anwas in the same prison with me. snd who, I discovered, say in all fairness if we have not treated him aa well aa DyaenteiTSoftening of the brain. StoneTumordid not think he wss near aa guilty as I waa myself. So it we rxuld. Slaveholders have gone his bonds to tree him erysipelasiswithothersthere,tohavesentimentstofavorofhumanfromthewhippingpestandprison;andIsaythat,al-Fattyliver Ulcerationofthroat....1boundfromLiverpooltoNewYork.Theweatherfollows:—CaptainFa*nnm,itappears,baabeenallowedthough in your anniversary meetings you speak againstua harshly, there ia some kindness left in the hearts ofslave holders. ("That's so," and loud entbustostc ap-plause.) I s!so say, in the presence of Mr. TotalWoitb, and before him. that I went myself to nBAlBB I k o n BXTBRiUl ABO OTBBB C4CPB9 »0Tfever, puerperalUnknownthe better class of the intelligent people of our State only Cehiium tremens 2 Suffocation, accidental. . 4 E , aisunt fifteen miles,) the vessels being within a couple • im in bis cell, which was done, and Luddy had returnedTotal.Bone B, joints, heBrain and nerve*Generative ergareHeart and blood t esseIs 14 Uncertain Best and gene Lungs, tbrost, etc 164 ral feversAprilMay28,1800.absolute disease...4411 external causes, * c 6 0 / absolute disease. ,378•BturmrLAtsOB—nuBAsas a-aseanTotal—Of which £4 were from violent causes,__^.« M»y 7,1869'Deathsfrom "gat ready newsystemofelectingjudges,sbouttheyear184a. 1840to1849JudgeSergeantwassolicitorfor:1 Pre-matou birth64 Stomach, bowels and61Almshouse Blklslslsnd.. 3 Roman Catholic Orphan24 Asylum2 St Luke's Hospital1 S t Vincent's Hospital....Letor. Stocr that time l i e baa lived In retirement his health for seme years having been very Infirm. Hatwtoverament offlesi fswL indeed, to every rolfllkd his duties wttb lideBty and mtegrity.• -—•• .—-• S.JU.J •— -Oneoftbettesmer'sboatshavingjustreturnedfromMrHunter,whobasaWgeplaaMtoaticn of a vessel which would be the means of fulfilling s 1 ccr slitutic nal obligation In sendlcg bask a slave into bond 8 agefrcmwhichbebadendeavoredtoescapeMr. Atkits, to be delivered by him in person. pretertlry him from arrest The Dtotrtot Aatasmsy*. AFPXABAlK'l OF TUB NBGKO. Hsmilton Cooper, Esq., heard of it, while carnally rait- When the tegro appeared on deck he was a truly piti ing ibe effice of tbe Pulaski Bouse, and endeavored to 37 able object He wore an old slouched felt hat, with very take ibe necessary proceedings for a re-arrest; he agreed . 2 broad brim, turned op tn front His garments afforded to let the matter rest until yesterday morning Farnum «striped lis ergine, they dipped and bowed to each other Lunatic Asylum, Biskw re Ward's Island Emigrant on the swellirg bostm of old ocean, like some hoge mon-te any tbe thief, for tftetrIslsndNursery and Child's Hos-Hospital Workhouse,IslandBlsckweli's .50sters endeavoring to outdo eash other In acta of politeness. otherwise tie sea wss ss calm as a mirror.At the beat cortainlng tbe fugitive wss cast off from the Spsulding there were cries ameng tbe passengers for "Music, music," snd GDmort's bsnd wss soon tn requtsl tion. Alter pis; irg "Old Hundred," the ladies on board tbe De Fold waved their handkerchiefs, and, to the surprise and amusement of many, the fogi live himself joined in the demonstration by waving bis bat to tbe Spaulding. Tha band then played several other sacred airs, for it was a bright Sab bain morning, and tbe occasion was one of solemn inprivilege of law-breaking be oonflnedparticular clsss, or shall the poor man,the murderer and the arrasem, come Inshare of the benefits which roch s state of affairs will bring about? We like equality. If one dam ta tt have these privileges, let all Don't let us have distinc- tions. There are persons incarcerated in our jail now that are just sa anxious to be released ss Captain Farebam, snd we see no reason wby they should not, with- out, ss we have already remarked, certain classes only ate allowed to do as they pleaseThe parties who are engaged in this rescue are men that we togbt to look to for example; they are such sa Sltetfiie to society snd express*n to public feeling, andii .£0 36play "Carry me back to Old Virginia," aa an appropriate air, but out of regard to the aacredneaa of the day participants tbey are still under theflushof excitement, Itwo monies Io rery stoutaI309 SFulton New York 13069tbe !*«• of mv •<< ptlfpt frw>nd who haa addism glad yen bare bed opportunity o' bearing fromThomas M. Tryniskiouth4th Streetwww.fultonhistory.comtJOBS Srwaos, a colored minister, died mat•trra tat Norwich, Conn. 5 e sat down and apparently fell asleep, aad some time elaeoed before the fact of his Jf i tb was known. He wsa 70 ;esr sold, and left a wile,tea 