 6NEW YOBK HEBlU), Ir^Wft/rWrfWj' Kr4 £ $ &: •in *~Il/XUL TEDmx^x,••^'.'..saSwiss in this matter, The head of the Catholicchnroh evidently does not allow his exigencies aaa temporal prince to influence his spiritual deci- the Virginia resolution*, Madison's report andture trade a n d t o eaable them to insist upon In-sion?.Our market reports show a general decline in allthe Kentucky resolutions—which latter were then discovered for toe first time to hare been drawn u p b y Mr. Jefferson, his grandson havingWhilst thus in Europe matters are steadily progressing to the practical recognition of the theories which brought about the French revo- lution, a n d which b a d their first applicationof toe South who control the, political move-achievement, well make the rebels wonder and the regular government occasionally sanguine of a triom ph.the staple products.Congress was not in session yesterday, and the produced the manuscript of the rough draughtThere Is still much to be done In ucltiag thewhole of Italy; but there will be no opportuni- here, it Is a singular anomaly to find this alarm, and have already brought one halt of ty for the repetition of such a daring exploit as country retrograding towards those ideas and those States to the verge of secession, upon the the landing in Sicily. Such an expeditba by a forms from which Its example emancipated the ground that, as '-Lincoln's election wi 1 be the voluntary and irregular force against either downfall of slavery" within the Uaion, the onlySenators and members availed themselves of the to prove it TheKentucky resolutions declared occasion to exchange social courtesies and views that -where powers are assumed by the general and opinions respecting the condition of the coun- government which have not been delegated, try. The caucas on Thursday night was, we are a nullification of the act is tbs rightful informed, composed of ultra Southern men. NoThe Chinese make a weapon of habitual in- rineerity, knowing by experience tho embar- rassment which they thereby occasion their adversariaa. An opea, straightforward com- mencement of any negotiation would be whollyfrom the ransacked condition of the apartments. The police have thus fax been unable to ferret out the assassin, bat it Is hoped that some clue will be afforded t o t h e perpetrator before many days. Elsewhere will be found a full account of the tragi- «ai affair, together with a report of the proceed- ings of the Coroner's inquest.original hasty professions; and the corse o! po- litical fitness which induced him to withdraw after Victor Emanuel had accepted the crowa of Southern Italy showed a beautiful trait ofWe again give sketches of the scenes ia the cityconnected with the Croton difficulty, which,we are happy to state, we believe no longer ext-ts. the compromise, the bill was passed which The pipes were mended last night, and early this was afterwards known as the Compromise morning the usual supply was expected to be run-aiag into all die houses of the city, both up towaand, down. The scenes around the pomps havebeen most amoving, and we can afford to laugh,now the trouble ia over.der?tudthatthe:alpritwillbeconveyedtoSing compromisemeasure wasrepealed undertheSit g prUcn this morning.In the Court of Oyer and Terminer yesterday,auspices of Pierce and Douglas, and the slave-ry questionUetrkattt, convicted of manslaughter ia the lence, aad the present republican party was.saetdtr of Messrs. Walton and Mathews, was post- rion of the constitution. Upon this issueIs at present all that his country could wish. : a t „t ^ a C o n t e w i l o e * ^ „«„ as the President elect of the United 5tatea.English In making castomns by conqu» -t bat inthese days of revolution and irrepressible conflicts it is hard to say yea or nay. Toots It no doubt that oar own interests in China are identical with those of toe Allies, and that whatever concestteas they may gate will bo alsoagaintoas.The recent visit of our Minieto Peain,ter and the moderate diplomatic triumph which ho there achieved, ware owJag to the pre vioua acts ef the Allied forcea, aadall nations alike agree that China shoi^d opea her gates of commerce to the West L* is gratifying la the midst of all toil to find by the President's last Message that the friendly aadpeaceful policypursued by the government of the United States towards the empire hat produced satisfactory result*—that ourponed tilt Monday.Wa acknowledge oar indebtedness to Adams A iCo. w teat km* express for Ptitedeli»ate ae rspapers jPresident of the Commissioners of Emigrate, | are, of course, alarmed for Che safety of theirmeat shows the Captain to have possessed proper- the wisdom to frame a compromise and theto their own strength, aad he accomplished menaced. aad Hamlin, have just issued an address, In which they confidently rely upon the adhesionworth between « 0 000 and *»,ouo, whi U hoi exclusively. eaattaoei wttaeat aaisM-»»3tta MOlala.IisatTnaenAflaawsaaU*vd, ia storeaal atMa,wfihatmaklotat61a.*e!oti«gcarry it, and the Union drifts upon lew man arises, upon whom the mantle of d a y hat fallen, to induce SoutoCfcrsdlaatossmaaamawreotof s e c t i o n , by holding out to her the prospect of relress Within theUnion. The * * * „ . dMhreatnowfrcrn what the,war. at m fcr^Tftriod. cans or Neapolitans, end oven now lie have been pot by III interruption,ii'i'rtar;www.fultonhistory.com.1.1 W„ . f I V . V!_«-.coercion?A l l toons questions, a'jrl many more,tion then,b u ta hightariff, piIn their vocabulary.gave his old patched coat to a Chinese so a guide for him to make a new one by had a good Instance of the native peculiarity Whent»«l»r PBIHAM—Bie»A-rtr>III-HoniaTUWAU. Northattheexpense of the South, icg a dangerous surplus fond In~ -kmrmi Oauue—Uvwe Oraoo- South Carolina waa then the foremost tatlog the wrong, as she u now; nor waa It the pecontend, but because of the imbecility and selfishnees of the men who had placedOf.aUAJu-aaut•auwr&aoa,Whuvi tAxm-osolute will and the strong arm of AnswQW lejli -did not destroy the fruits of toe political train-OABTajUKIKt Mvmto tuui. DAMP.8ro*<lw»f••Carolina had passed aa ordMnceof nullifica- be thelast man in the world toallow himself vote, coosctous that it wasthe only influence tion, but,on thefaith of tfttfpbonciliatory mea- to be bowed down by trifles. He he* just that could sustain htm against the hostility ofof thirty three l a toe House, w e are admoniehedWhile yet the electoral colleges had not east etooer. ?:, . .• •*-*MBI.'iDSOJi 539 9ro-.dw»y —toaai. IU*Ck*, Ba«L«Sti3«t,Oon:c«i>i[«» &• *ATHXV.UM. Brmkirm.-Woo»i Mnmiu i* STHJO M i H M 1)**CM W«I.WI«OCS \C-#in.nr'5*P*TUi.sure to be Introduced, by J R Clay, postponed the time for carrying her Ofdicauce into effect fiotn the 1st of February till after the adjourn- ment of Congress on the 4th of March. A bill was carried in Congress to coerce South Ciro- Itna, and the Pre*ident, General Jackson, be- sldts tending down General Scott and a shipof w a r\ cautioning the South Carolinians against trea-son, and declaring that he would carry out thepromised hisforeign auxiliaries to aid a sevoiu- tion in Hungary, and toll the original members of his patriot band to prepare for new strife.the continental governments and secure htm the friendship of England.of the United tlietae iwlf is 11 was only b y com prom U*\ Mitwatonly by oompro that ft hw bwn w r sav*d when to from seotiotal strife. It is only by •aawm't' ••^s^satmi aa* aae# w v**va>*v*' •*• swm? ^^T3greatest peril that hasyetof his swaatai 'tftBtpaMaofJb ojpoe* TJhurlow JBI it i-^^^w^^^^w ritj? TbeeounwylsAll the serious dmneeMc trouble* that•TOT arisen in this country ainco the forma- tion o f Ma independent government have pro- ceeded from too meddling of too North with the s'avery question, contrary to the oompro- mieea of the conttitution, and from the at- t*mpts made to protect the interests of North- ern menufacturers out of too pockets of tat people of the Southern States. Upon throe occasions before t h e preaent time t h e Union wsa brorght to the verge of dissolution; bnt on each it waa faved by compromise, and/u each instance Henry Claj was the master spirit who loosed the Gordian Kaot. and restored the lost equilibrium. H e restored it by the Mte- eoml compromise in 1820,when the Union waa in extreme danger; and he restored it In 1832, when the public tranquillity waa again disturbed by federal injthe South, It was not the alunsettled' contestd.eea themselvesthing to dissipate the dreadful state of which his election has brought upon us alL all events, as o a r outgoingand failed to arrest toothe hoar, w e call upon our incomingo cone to the rescue of tho country.• • i • " i ' Joh. Cbuamaithe mode and measure of redress.sustained the position of his State by quotingw a sviru-reopenedwith IncreasedMr. Calhoundentin! candidate o f the anti-slavery republicanparty of theNorth, that hasprecipitated these demnification. Such a definite anduniqueob- practical Southern disunion movements upon ject ae tote, so nicely reduced to an exact cal- the country. From this election toe polldciaaa culation, may, to the method adopted for ItssmallSuch a change, to such must be oppressive In tlM anything but calculatedHe has not thehisward promises to betheliberty.islandotwaternowmo cause aaw ^ w * *•*!)§<elx hour? before the gatoe woreVLaJadA % u 0 aaaaaCa AAA a Off a^cavCf W a Avisible !^'s*^ * mim -..:- sm't* VW-"^TM»» .-.:..£ S»-&|PS ',|H|farm o n toe lonelyhalfenriched withthought, have effectually arrested their march' tection to them in case of a serious conflagrahave tobefoaghjhlm to leave the other their progress. The treaty arrangements effect construction of the old wells and pumps. This e monarch whom be hat ed at the Congress of Vienna would, It was Isallvery well; bntwowould tada poorproday have failed.generallysupposed. ItwaffHpTacompro- witttreferencetoindividual-,isfelt keenly. luordertoplacehisdynastyonasecurebasis, rejectedbythediscordantfactionsofCongress.son that arrested the evil at that time M I* else it may be termed, under whioh belabors ing through whioh the French mind had passed,His counsels are derided aadThis immense concession once made to theSenate had made a deep impression on Con-vk wa ef the EDgbsh preas on the ele slioa of Lia- gress and the country in favor of the rights of power is one merely personal to himself, and• „;.;. •" » w•" '•; •TRIPLE S11EET.Turn N e m .The -tearuaojjj Asia, Capt. Lott, from LIoa the 24tb fed Qaee&atotrn on the, " lived at this port yesterday afternoon*! d*y& later news. The news is intereatmgt oCharleston,Issued aproclamationAlthough Garibaldi stands almost aloneent with liberty and good order. The Com monwealth should not depend for Its safety upon toe selt-denial of an individual, however undoubted his virtue and good intentions, for upon toe wisdom of no one man, whatever maydent to enable her to work out her emancipation, and she hastened to profit by It In success fully asserting the right exercised b y France, the has virtually established it ae part of the public law of Europe. It* formal recognition:% ui-.mlawsof Congress at all hazsrds.sponded to by a counter proclamation of the(.aribaldi bad issued aa iaipertaat address reJa- Governor ot the State, and a collision appeared be the greatness of his achievements, ought ab- live to hia Venetian cams^fn, 4nd n u n M V w w * inevitable. solute reliance to be placed. In all proba-current hi Parti semisiirisj ailiiiHnTinrn for the But meantime John C.Calhoun's bold stand bility thesame singleminded patriotism which pnrcaaat ef Teaatte. • *^* and powerful argument in the United States has hitherto distinguished bis conduct will in-Wegtte this morBfr^toBflier instalments of theEngland,Its almostequallyunreservedThis Was re-reln. They all harmonize with the articles from as a consequence irresponsible. In order to potic It is necessary that a full diplomatic. thesamesourcepreviouslygiven,andeachwinds theSouth. Hemaintainedthatthepeopleofconfirmation should bo obtained ofthe vaseoftheelectoralvoteoftheseveralStates knewwellenough,whentheycommencedtoeupwithaaaozioasinquiryastowhatEnglandwill do for cotton in the event of trouble ia America.The interesting— we might almost s a y roman- tic—trialofSneddonvs.Patrickisstillbeingpro- ceeded with ia the Court of Probate and Divorce, London.The Pope baa not* yet yielded to the demands of theSwissFederal Council concerningthesepara- tion of the canton of Ticino from the Biahopriaof Cojno, and a Papal memorandum baa been ad- dressed to the Council, maintaining the disap- provalbytheHolySeeofthestepstakenbythethe several States composing these United secure the permanent welfare of the constitu-new doctrine. It Is,besides,the only wayin which a peaceable eolation con be secured for the Roman a n d V enetian questions. F o r this reason Italy, as well ae France and Russia, Is desirous of having a Congress Immediately con-before the joint assembly of the two houses of attack, that it would be resisted by its protect- Congress, and the official proclamation there (rs, although the Chinese were In that , M > iirf cfrom of his election as our next President But fighting only against their own rebels. ThereStates are united as parties to a constitutional compact, to which the people of each Stateac- ceded asaseparateandsovereigncommunity, each binding itself by its own particular ratifi- cation; that the Union of which toe said com- pact is the bond is a union between the States ratifyingthesame;andthat,asinallotheroases of compact among sovereign parties, without any common judge, each has an equal right to judgeforitself,aswellof the infraction asoftional government and prevent the possibility of serious interference with the policy whioh maybeapprovedbyChenation,itisnecessary that they should be removed beyond the hand of even the liberator of Italy. Like all enthu- Mastic men. Garibaldi has his extreme likes and dislikes. Weseeaa instanceofthe latherIn his demand of Victor Emanuel for a summary dismissal of Count Cavour; and although the veteranstatesmanhasproved Outhepossesses too confidence of the Parliament of Turin, G * ribald! considers his remaining in office aa little less than Insulting to himself, and this for the reason that heconsiders him a personal oppo- nentFrench people. Since the year 1825, whenRome or Venice could be readily defeated by abolitionism first began to rear its head, we alternative to the South Is to abandon thespire him in his future undertakings; bat his avoid the conflicts whioh may be broughtcourse of action was decided oa, bat it is under- remedy that every State has a natural rightone. The Southern Senators are to hold a caucus that the constitution is a compaot between the independent kingdom to include all Italy. and of property, until at last the magnificent resulting in these disunion movements, it is noFrance or Austria The utmost efforts of an have been gradually losing eight of the great Union, and that, too, before be and his partystood that the sentiment ofthe meeting was deci- to." Mr. Webster was the champion of the organized government, operating with a regular fundamental principles on which this confede- shall be invested with the executive power of it variance with their national traditions. dedly in favor of having nothing to do with the de- opposite principle. But so successful was Cal- army, will be required to surmount the difficul- racy was founded, and ignoring.in the pursuit the federal government Their envoys, as in the case of those from libeiatlons ofthe House select committee ofthirty- houn in establishing the great point at issue, ties which will beset theaccomplishment of an of miserable abstractions, the rights of States In answer to theapprehensions of the South P*kin, whoarequite aware toat they have noto-day. States, that even the Xotih ^4m«-ican Quarterly One of the moat appalling and horrible murders Btrkvs, published in Boston, and at ail timesthe advocate of the principles of Mr. Webster,Gariba'di, after h e landed in Sicily, w a t a leader of Insurgents, more linked with the population in whose cause he fought than with the State to whioh he belonged, so much to that if he had been defeated Instead of defeat- ing, Piedmont and Naples might still have bf en at peace. W e cannot but admire the modera- tion and self denying prudence of Garibaldi'sstructure erected by the wisdom of our fore- sufficient answer to say that Mr. Lincoln has lathersisindangerof being destroyed bythe been constitutionally elected,that heIsaconpower whatever, do not hesitate, If there Is a prospect of gaining time by the rue,In de- claring themselves plenipotentiaries. They • ancot negotiate a treaty without providing a •oophole for Its future infringement t a d It i t ' tow questionable whether, if the* Allies succeed in making a treaty ander the walls of Pekin It will b e final t a d trastwotthy, t o as to dwpease with a periodical resort to arms.So far &sthe present war hi concerned, toe Al lies have pro*touted their military measures j with consummate toot a n d vigor— t matter for corgratofetlon. considering the large force thatbad to bo moved overbad roads through a strange country. It was fortunate for them •hat toe CMoeoe population treat their invaders with as much oourteey a s if they were friends, and allow the pretence of troops to bo no obstacle In toe w a y o f trade and industry.It ia the r abit cf thrift and trading, which is inseparable from the existence of the natives of the Flowery Land, that will secure for foreign- ers ultimately— do what the government may— a largo commercial tntereouite. A China- man's pocket baa a good deal to d e with his principles, and no one has a quicker eye to mo- ney making, no matter where aad when the opportunity may occur. W o have grand In nances of this In toe Chinese immigration to California, Australia. Singapore, Manila, a a d even toat hell upon earth, the Chincha guano ielattde. Everywhere they are hard working, self denying, energetic a n d persevering, a n d It appears to be almost an instinct with them to buy la the cheapest market and tell In the dearest- true principles of commerce.Not more than a fourth pail o f the Chinese empire it yet open to foreign trade, to that aa extensive market Isyet to be opened. These itthat ever was enacted occurred In this city yester-day morning, at No. 13 East Twelfth street. Thevictim, an old widow lady named Sarah Shancks, In maintaining his ground on that point Ofwho kept a fancy goods and millinery store at theabove number, waa found dead in her bedroom, atthe real of the store, with her throat eat from earto ear, and bat head and face mashed to a jellyalmost Bobbery seems to have been the motive threw overboard his own favorite system,and ads, which stand out so favorably from hi? for the commission of the shocking murder, judging«ickedneEs o f fanatics and demagogues.from the ruin which their efforts most entail upon our commercial and financial interests,. there is a consideration whioh adds to the bit t^rness of the reflections to whioh they give riseservative man, that he conteaplates no aggres sions upon Southern rights, and that from the composition of toe next Congress, the South would have nothing to fear, even were Mr. Lin- coln inclined to trespass upon their rights. T h e trouble lies deeper than these Immediate safe-admitted that Mr. Calhoun had been victoriousApartcourse the doctrines necessarily followed of nullification, secession and all.Mr. Clay, in order to restore harmony, s o win every patriotic mi ad.American Union must exercise a paweiful in- fluence In checking, If not entirely defeating, the triumph of those principles which are now obtaining the ascendency In Europe, and which, if unarrested, must eventuate in securing for the masses there the blessings that w e have so long enjoyed It is certain that if the great experiment which the American people have thus far successfully carried out should be des- tined to failure, it will encourage the Europeandespots to league together for toe suppression of constitutional institutions.There must surely be some means of averting a result so pregnant with evH, not merely to our own interests, bnt tooffered a bill which was a surrender of the pro-tective principle, and established a gradual re-duction of the duties on all protected articles.which were to terminate wholly In 1842, whenno duty above 20 per cent advalorem should self denial. Throughout the revolution the ir-with his devoted enthusiasm and bravery.It would be impossible at present to create a rebellion in Venetla pr the Roman territory, and Garibaldi would have no means of attack- ing the foreign military strongholds un- less by the assistance of the troops of Victor Ecsanuei. But whatever might lead to their paying obedience to any one but their king would be subversive of good order.be laid; and as to articles notsimilar to thosemanufactured in the country, there was an Im-mediate repeal of the duties. In order to save allowed, and generosity went hand in handthe manufacturers from ruin, Calhoun acceptedact,and South Carolina did notcarry outher ordi- nance, but repealed it on the llth of March. Such was the effect of compromise and the spirit of conciliation.peacea n dharmonywere restored,fa the Burch divorce esse, at Waperville, 111.,vtaterday, counsel for the defence closed the som-sting p. Counsel for the complainant vri'.l sum connection with the admission of Territories Yet many of hia enthusiastic admirers, dazzledAgain, in 1850, when the slavery question in op to-day. and itfa expected that the case will««. threatened to break up the Union, Henrymen like Mrefforts to save the world from those prospective dangers. If Europe has profited b y our example In its periods of trial, why may not w e borrow a lesson from, it In our torn? To save its populations from tie miseries of war and the paraiyzation of its commerce, it seeks to have the issues In dispute between the different government! settled ^by a Congress. The remedy Is even more applicable to our ownto the tnry thfe evening.In the Supreme Court, special term, yesterday,Judcre Sutherland refused to grant a atsy of pro- ceedings in the ease of William Mulligan. It is un-Clay proposed a series of compromise mea- sures, including the fugitive Slave law , which •aimed the agitation till, in 1854, the Missouriby the grandeur of his Individual position, areneverusurpationthan this, forgetful, It would appear, that the subordination of personal interests to legal tights and the good of the people is indispensa- ble to national freedom.pro- A naWhile thus speaking, we cordially acknown€ecnddfgree, was sentenced to ©onSueoaent in established for the purpose of overthrowing, ledge the immense benefits which Italy It de- case. With no real diversity of interests, andthe-State prison for a tera of fifteen years andsix slavery, oneof themost prominent measures in riving from his heroic patriotism; we exalt themonths, thebearing on the application for the two thirds of their States being a nullification _0 , _ , „~ «--«*» I butoneabstract point of political difference,discharge ofEdwinJefferds, who is held asa wit- by legislative enactment of the Fugitive Slave man and appreciate Ms noble deeds; bntit is | % <>mrmMm aea»againstbisbrother,whoIschargedwiththelaw,whichonlycarriesoutanexpressprovi-weUtoguardagainsttodividnalo.price,JIe;Uo|p|lo i ^ .overelgn States of the speak to toe American people of the NorthhttQ^ ^ d|fflcul fa ^^ andtheSouth,uponthiscrisisofdisunion,andnothingInthisfactofcourse,tojustifythoTslled at the South, and eren In South Caro-ft'^^gfrilfrjy- :*«Htojritm%. .r a<n#^MBl sTw^aAbeaiaw* aa% sa^aws• K snsa Tlade R/vn •*his presence a t Caprera is In itself security thatthe Italian territory will remain Intact to t h enew kingdom. N o overbearing ally could suc-cessfully hold o a t overtures for the cession ofGenoa or Sardinia while Garibaldi remains inUntitled DocumentItaly. Dewilt, to thedayof hisdeath, bean ^inpendbg power associated With revolnirenders it worth while to consider whether the accident could not have been pro- vented o r lessened l a ire effects b y toe exer- cise of proper vigilance on the part of toe Board, or whether the recurrence of such a ca- lamity may not be prevea^d in future. It ap- pearsthatthedistributingreservoiratForty- secccdstreetwa/nearlydrainedbytheeccapeBred Scott decision, with much that Is not fully expressed, bat broadly suggested, of the "irrepressible conflict" ea denned, not only by Mr. Se ward, b u t b y Mr Lincoln himself.ii.'W alios me arenior neeu, inerofnr* nt agora Fork wsa steaiy, wHb me! -»t • prompt COBcilWIon aad comprehensive con-Is this platform to b e the policy of Mr. Lia faithfully observed by the Chinese aut coin's admiaistratioc? Has he nothing bettor and thai the elates of our dtiatas Jtvec!r im to offer as a panacea for too troubles of the duty honored. Undu tnoh sttism^^ ^ *countr>? Hasbenoremedyfordhtoaloabat ttoncetwoonanotenvyoarifcrojK^****»regularities which occurred were narrow ed as much as the character of the enterprisesatiffied o fb u t authoritywhen urgingThere Is however, no guarantee toat ander whofte g0TwnBienlal i J i t l ^ wbo86 p , ^ Wo have no indicationsof adispositioniaaltered circumstances he might not become the | ^ ^ a n d w h o M pop^uon, „ « miMj the republican camp to make any satisfactoryInstrument of unintentional evlta. Gtr|b»ldi | d ,H j m U j | r ttd^ndlreoUy wtagoafatk, Lei concessions on this slavery issue, even to saveis an impressive model, such as becomes there | ^ ^ p a t r i o t 8 ^ J^ ^ ^ o f ^ the Union. The Republican State Committeegenerator of his country and the Inspirer of na- of New. York, In commemoration of the vote oftional self-reliance among Its people. A true proposition. It Is toe only one that can savewaaadmittedto'probateyesterday. Thedo.n- Institution. ButthereitnolongeraClaywithItalianandsoldier,hetanghtItalianstotrust therepublicfrom therainbywhichIthi tooelectoralcollegeofthisStatefurLincolnin sdvance of the regular mail.The wtit o f Captain Crahteeer formerly Vic* j Sooth Carolina a a d t h e other Southern Statesthe parry have succeeded ia electing Mr. Lincoln a s President of th e United States b y a purely Northern and sectional vote.exploits on the Alpine frontier, In Sicily and/ In Naples, whioh will ho embalmed In history ae the most glorious achievement! thatTHE CnoTox WATKR TBOCBLE.—From all ap- of Mr. Lincoln *s administration to the Chicagon ouponmore jus'ifltblehim athe world ever saw. All Italians are usual supply of water front the mains. The ofvernmeni notwithstandina the noonlar vote, asrintrusive foretajansaf %anltl|l§WMBlfM that be will n o t plunge toto unonear,nahlo wadatw, aad so comprotnae the interests of his country.-a _»"'-•'• V '•,JL-J, v ^ BhM,,of Europe have been in a continual state of transition. The political theories acquired from ue, a n d which mainly contributed to bring about that event, have ever tlnoe boon germl-- ^WW^^^^pt ^^P^PWWBSWBPTPW .^KfSW^PB^^^^ - ~ "although it changed the form of the government,the Celestialwhich wasan exact fac ^.milt la shape,bat ti u e t o t h e o r i g i n a l l a t h o pajtohea. a l s o .ihose o f humanity.to b e found amongst us many wise a a d patrioticgovernBuchanan,w h o willunitetheirpearances when we went to press, thecity isagain ton morning in the enjoyment of itsplatform. Andwhat are theleading features of this platform? Unqualified hostility to toe recognition of slavery in any of the Territoriesproud of him, whether Piedmontese, Tag serious inconvenience to which the pnb of the United States, the repudiation of theT h e dissolution of theL e t n i hope that there areaan sin;/- wan:DECEMBER 8, 1860.-TRIPLEleak—before the mishap was.-,-». • IA4 —henoefor- nating had spreading their influence. The new rfawimanrlrM at Z^'eaaa.^aa^ del'shouldto Mr. Ltaoorn tostar of Italian priLclples Of government developed by the more vigilance willbattle, circum- first Napoleon, instead of checking, aided Aldermen, w e perceive, have ordered the requests. jto hlnself b y retiringproves toat it is a necessity —Is a second layer he feels regret that there nave stayed It for a time. Their falseness to of mains connecting the reeerveirs. That would a cause for that retirement, their pledges only served to give a still obviate all danger ot the supply of water beingliberty of action; bat, Iffcept faith with their subjects it might, indeed,the rival gmerals and un- greater impulse.to Itoat oftthorities of Brooklyn for toe prompt mannerJuhm tkteanan a a * tate TheChinese areaLOf the Italan Court, should no room for tie proseoaMon ofThe revolution of 1830 offered the first evi- dence of the substantial progress which liberal- ism had made. The treason of Louis Philippe tolent career. Atti cum autnulhis.The inhabitants of the ~guided by the past iunder toe sun. They areWhen doing exactly what hastime immemorial. They lovethey delight in imitation, and originality ap peart to be a word which is allowed no placeVain prevision. Had the German governmentstion. WhatW« want—and toe present aeoideatIn which they placed the Ridgewoed water at besubordinatehewould leavethe theprinciplesthatbebadacquiredwhenhiexUe our disposal In this emergency, or to those exploits and go home to feed upon here, aad that placed him on the throne, paved firms in our own city who have generouslyAnd be went * the wayfor the second experiment of republi- offered the supply of their artesian wells to re- £PF!mposeib)e tot to feel adeep and genu can government In France. It tailed, not be- lieve the wants of their neighbors.a nex actcopy,mpatby for a man who has reaped oolydisappointment from those for whom he paved temperament of the French people, as many The P«rIis "or Dl»w»te»-sar. Llacala ethewaytopower. It is true thathehastheadmiration of nearly all Europe and theworld, and the affection and gratitude of mil- themselves at its bead. The coup d'ttat. lions of his countrymen; but thete are seen onlyafar off, while the sense of wrong, or whateverViews OtnaaOtel by ih. Cil.is Dlsraptton, civil war and Mexican anarchy a r eThe Englishman whocause of its unsuitableaess to the character andThey are BOWpuzzling the English just aa they puzzled them i n too three previous that It comes too late. Where, then, are w e to Chinese wart, so that Che plenipotentiaries to look for relief? Is there a voice in all this land waiting upon hia Majesty the Emperor, in the which, at tola hour of danger and despair,may neighborhood V? Pekin, are no teas perplexed quiet the troubled waters, and save the onto? than were their predeceases*, and perhaps a We know not; but we still cling to the belief little more so, as to what they ought to do among both ancient and modern heroes in principle of popular election, nothing has since that a generous Union speech from the Presi end how to de It Duplicity, ostentation and purity of reputation, the exceptional position been able to arrest the progress of constitu- dent elect, "Honest Abe Lincoln,'" would, at affected simplicity andsurprise arethe prevail- which be stands in might prove itself inconsist- tional doctrines. Italy required but the prece- this time, be amply rewarded ia good reauita. ing characteristics of aa- imperial commle-mise measure proposed by Henry Clay. South* Still he Is anything but despairing, and would Louis Napoleon had to appeal to the popular With the appointment of the Union commute*a n dbyacknowledgment by Russia, place it hence- forth beyond the power of the European go- vernments to overturn It But in order tovened.tion of the treatise of Vienna and of Paris is no doubt the principal motive la view; but they are not the less alive to the fact that ia attaining these objects, they will be compelled togive their sanction to thenewprinciples which are henceforth to regulate the relations of monarchical governments with.their subjects.aethiseventwillnotcomeofftillthe13hday of February, and aa the cqntingencies of dls union which we have moat to fear are appoint- ed for the Intervening time, it becomes the duty ofthePresidentelecttoeastasideall ceremo- ny, and to speak outat once for the Union.is.perhaps,notonemanoatofamillionwho understands exactly why England is carrying on this costly and unsatisfactory war. Inwars it hi tho object of the enemy toand destroy as muchat possible;butInthe esse of the Allies it is different They want to punish and humiliate the foe j u t aaWith the tw o latter tile formal abroga-threatened to these United StatesCto escape these calamities? The beat endeavors ol Mr. Buchanan to meet the great evils of thetheir suffrages', Mr. Lincoln bad some groundof justification for bis silence: but now thatsaid colleges have voted, and have elected himto the ofttee of President of the United States,every consideration of * patriotism and termined to hold the place aad chastise them, of policy ought to suggest to him that professed astonishment at such pervertity, b n t he should be silent no longer. Ia or in consideration of the wishes of those gentle- dinary times, upon grounds of dignity men, they Intimated that it would bo their plea- about by the recusancy of the more des- and decorum he might plead too propriety of sure to forego the destruction of the city. Here awaiting hia inauguration, or at least the can- was a specimen of their hypocrisy. Theymen's of the Southern States have taken toeguards. T h e" no more slave Territories, no more slave states:" a reorganization of the Sapreme Court " o n the side of.freedom;" the freedom o f speech andofthepressineverypartoftheUnion, which Includes t h e protection o f abolition ora- tors and newspapers by the federal power in the slave States; a n d this triumphant party has also decreed incessant war upon slavery in t very available political and moral ahape, until this "moral and political evil" shall be extin- guished.Herein lie the warnings and the dangers from this powerful anti-slavery party of the North whioh are driving the Southern States to therepnbllsanparty havedeemeddesperatemen! Nor can It b e a n y longerthe first necessity in behalf of the Union Is the absolute abandonment by the President electof the impracticable anti slavery gramme upon which he has been elected.why not? H e is promoted from the position ot a sectional candidate t o that o f President elect of too whole confederacy. H is obligations are no longer confined to a parry or to a section They extend to all parties aad all section* Under this responsibility, aad white yet he may speak to some purpose for hlm«elf, his ad- ministration and the country, we ask him torefugeo fa nindependentdisputed toatl ^Pff^^!PWWP»»W^pppiP^.J!JL ^!^^^w--i'i^ u^pk-tiii^J-, JJIUUI.•.. •w,WBjww»»w«PflBff^mmua»w»aaUa^^*^S1 .W «**#> .<!v—• « * » e r O < m *watohaw^waawl as it should be both dayr.% *F' wMoved ilaatltoo^anortieaAbeUolort men, Berth and South, ofaaiwray. Wecaliupoe^VawwEn tots connection, t h e republican of thiscity who,ontheeveofthe etertian annealed to took fellowWW"» w^BSB^a^BwaJaaato: ep«eaw^Pi"» a*avan sn^arv>a eMsp •**/ eW e n d t o t h o s t a t e o fHow are w efeK*vValudToo much credit cannot be given to th? au- their diplomatic customs they ire a mystery.This responsibility cannot b e safely evadedItIstheelectionof Mr.Lincoln, as thePre*! muchasis necessary for theprotectionoffu-b yhigherthe fallacious a*. fhtBOWBlecwif.o f *tailorn o t onlyproduceda coatIn the recent attack of the Chinese uponShsnghaegarrisonslearning that the foreign commanders wave de-t o s owhich activelyt h e responded,Englisha a dthey, uponFrench «frioi* wbfcb a ill mill* the question before it «n»«sofr n i •••..•! ,M «kn> is (00 late.Thomas M. Tryniski 309 South 4th Street Fulton New YorkattlC U , and of prtsseat 119 7» Cuflteand conquest nt»B Vita iim.!*/..Should a reaction occur»NaIn their costly ttrnggle. It «roaldttuT.13069 