 NEWYORK HERALD.easy victory. Douglas » already in th»n>»df beingplacedtherebyhieMB**, andW WH contitue to be a caadUaat to the e n * wf *V chapter, no matter what t » tUlttoore <*Bieh-TEE JiPAHESE BMBiSST. THE DISEMBARKATION FROM THE R0/ l N3K£€ra.d Di».fr ft**, gtmgfr. n BwevddieBlur ttaajk*.The Trip Up the Potomac and Visit to Fortr*. Monroe.1 3:Vorh.la*. Hay 15. ISOO.ferth fraternize with the Mozart Hall demo- cracy, thus leaving the Albany rulers to reign over a free soil element atone, while the na- tional and conservative masses will rally under other banners and other leaders, regarding the anti-slavery faction as no better than the revo- lutionary republican followers of William H Seward. Whatnewcombinationsandwhat changes this disruption may lead to time willoa saddiaatr ta board tbe PailadetAn,aTbe <an*, fish, front, vegetables,&c , were pronounced by the Ji toBeS to their appetites, of which they gare• he Philadelphia left tbe mooriagt of the Roaaoke i a quarter-put tour P. M. oa Sunday, tad laadei a* freight at Ota Point at twejty-flve minnee pe«t fo<»r p g.TheJapanesewortreceivedwithformalhonors,a eluding a salute rrom the battery aad moste by the taat The Ambassadors wort escorted around the parapa, their artists atetcning outline views of almost averytatsi matte, at web at the roads aad ahipamf onUide, winaftoetsBtng rapidity6NEW YORK J3ERALD, TUESDAY, MAY 15, 1S60.-TBIP,LB- efssa in tosufferingsJAMBS GORDO* BIIIITT. EDITOR AND PRO»RU;ru».o m c i x. v . ansa* OF HASSAU ABB rexrow an.The Board of Health held an adjourned meetingyesterday, from wh»eh the newspaper reporterswere excluded, aad about which nothing more nioDd conventions may do. If the Badatmore eoaldbe learned than that Mayor Wood presidedov>r twenty-live members who attended.Av V l arWwWBwaBBSBrata* to.[ DAILT MMJt+LI> tmocm-im, ril WBMMLTSI*A—LAWaxJaAOaVa TB§aTBB_-two THXATEB rBABCAlS, MlI t , MAW135ItAUAW OrB-tiOBalfots, when all the conventiSns have aeted. like that which the Christian preparation andWe are in the midst of an era of rapid develope- fortitude of the other unfortunate man eaabledconfidence of the conservative feeling that is awakened in the South, as well as In the North and Centre, it will achieve such a triumph that we thall hear no more of fire-eaters, filibusters,abolitionism and radical revolutionists, for one the Regency delegation was split, and theHAii* ruR trreopvapa* How Y«r« BormlO BMttf» tw*There L- nothing extraordinary in this notion-The highest peers in the realm, and a numberof members of the House of Commons, were tobeseenamongstthespectatorsattherecentprize fight This brutal display might easilyhave been prevented if the country magis- develope.leavemailstAtmshipCanada,CAptainLug,will ioa Weanetday for Liverpool.iit-it odTomoemeaii for any txi'Uoc or iat 8BBAU> wfll * • rooaired M tbt following placetiBBBropo;-.e*mi*"& Low,Bo* * Oa.,«t LOUAAM*Hill.LAb«u<ft, St*rr A Co., 74 KtB* WUII^OJ»iree*I_sw*'~g Baldwto A Co., 8 P'AOP ds ia Buoree .Leaatt>f, *»rr A Oo., No *Chapwl Street.B -t.». i, 10 ExeBAAg* turwat, ;j*i .Laimo*, M l r a a Co , « rue nnraellte .(*. OipnouroBgr * Cofollow—while the local managers turn wistfullyunt is confessedly "The Birds of North America," by J beno BAS At tar fcaartteg. fse ambassador*ag* attacksMr. Fowler had for speculating in all sorts of new patents, all of which, with one exception, failed to bring him any profitable return. Others ascribe his embarrassment to the too frequent loans of mo- ney to his political friends. George LawaodGus- tavua A. Conover are his bondsmen in the sum of $76,000, or less than one half the amount of theand the platform are of such a nature that there is no chance of a reunion, and it is only a delusion to expect Itamong the leaders, and should these come to- gether again to nominate a candidate, he will have to rely on his own merit and the corner v a t i v e n a t u r e o f t h e p l a t f o r m h e s t a n d s u p o na field to realise profitable results in big life-Tbt Japanate, oa the upper look, won evident; as-si, in which the liberals were completely victorious. The seeoad corps of Miramon's army was out to pieces, aad eighteen pieces of artillery, a largeadjournment for a and to anotherperiod of six city, withoutweeks, makingWhat success thsy may obtain in such a pro ceeding requires to be examined under otherUbrary In which natural hiatory finds a departmentIn concluding thia brief notice it may be as weil to men ted when he was under the influence of liquor. ties that Mr. J. W. Audubon, the sou of the naturalist—HiULir—JACKJ * « —from the •easel, was commenced yesterday in theUu.ted States Circuit Court, before Judge Smalley of the Southern leaden say they would preferiny u» fcionui tome* <mrot HBBAIB I uto o««f raoareA by mall tad teiecxap* a*greit naturalist are new pobliahuffa numbers aneJm- and much cheaper edition, the liluatiallocs being from tne 01 igtsal copper plates trats'erred to stone. As each platethe dtttmgufcbed visitors.The re».oiter wiahet to acknowledge the oourtoeet a.'alios o'tr-e Ooesmiasiiters and others, who affirdalthere was a sort of commercial crisis, particularlyla the sugar market. The ship Fleet wing, from elected by Congressional districts. New York, had arrived oat. The Legislature ad-jouraed oa the 30th altas the engineer of that great political mistake kept closely confined, and placed on prison aLoa the table. No other basin s of general interest was transacted.OaradvicesrromAroyo,Porto Rico,state that thoughtheRichmondConventionshouldnomithe sugar crop was fist drawing to a close. Prices Date a different candidate. If no conventionofsugarswere3|o.a4}e.,asperquality;molasses tbonldnominatehim,hewillnerertaelaB*ma, l i e s 16c per gallon. All American imports were oa the ground of his having obtained a n^ajori-abundant. Exchange oa United States three to ty of one and a half 111 the Charleston Cesiven-North. AAs matters now stand, this greattive mass of voters will stand back to unite onhowever, the justice ef God 1four par cant discount, owing to ssarcity of specie. Masters of vessels are cautioned against taking pes •eagen without passports la proper order, the penalty attending the want of this document beiag a fine of $25.The trial of Albert W. Hicks, alias William John- son, tor violent sasaoit upon George H. Burr, the master of the oyster sloop Edwin A. Johnson, andtion. It may therefore be set detra as a fixed fact that llr.DonglaB iaa candidats; aam an- other fact may be set down as equally filed— that the Southern democraof and a consider- able portion of the Northern will run an oppo- sition candidate against him, whioh willmentofpoliticallife,andalewweeksmay himsoresignedlytomeetproduce greater changes in the positions of Dmteraow OF THE NEW T ons DBMOCRICT.— parties and platforms than have taken place in At Charleston not only has the democracy of an entire feneration. That this change will beconservative no man who reads the signs of thetimes rightly can doubt If tne conventionthat is to meet at Baltimore brings forward acandidate and platform that will command thersafoaa piratically carryiag swsy the effects of said Burrfbere wss s large crowd of speoUtora present to witness the proceedings, of which we give s full report in to- day's psper. Hicks is also indicted forto ihe elevation of the Illinois Senator. Some of the Douglas enthusiasts insist that he can be elected by the North without a single Elec-generation at leastFRESH HONORS TO MUSCLE—OUR FAKCT MEN AT QUEEN VICTORIA'S LEVEE.—We see that some of the patrons and backers of the prize ring from this aide of the Atlantic were recently presented to Queen Victoria by the United States Minister. Judging, no doubt, from the presentstateoffeelinginEnglandinreference *o pugilism and its professors, Mr. Dallas acted under the impression that he could offer no more acceptable compliment to her Majesty. T h e L o r d C h a m b e r l a i n m u s t h a v e e n t e r t a i n e d a similar opinion or he would not have sanctioned the presentation of persons with whose pur- suits and business to England the newspapers must have rendered him familiar. We are, therefore, entitled to assume that the honor thus conferred was in consonance with the pre- vailing tastes of the courtrepresent are treachery of Richmond, Oagger and Cassidy at the Con- vention cut the feeble ties whioh heldOtf W OOVBWTST— the murder of Cspt Burr, and the brothers Oliver toral vote from the South. But this is simplyand Smith Watts, seamen oa board the sloop. absurd, unless indeed he should receive the —LA a U M A i n — The first celebration of the Anniversary of the republican nomination. If such a conventionthe hard minority to the soft msjority. andis no longer any bond of cohesion—notthat of the public plunder. All the tionaldemocracyinthisStatearedisgust- withtheexceptionof ed and- revolted. They have no prin-Baaac*-* ABSBIOASI at/asta &>o»d»*f.-Dej stitute last evening. We have a report of the proOld Dominion Society was held at the Cooper Inas we have indicated should meet and nomi-AAABlIIMSJ T ~--..«.*>CmiOi.tlM.A*. ceedings,butsreobliged,forwantofroom,tohold nateacandidate,DouglaswouldbeshornofsWYajrtw aiwarasi* BBBBBBB* tta. «7t i m d n j . - it over. his strength, and the Southern flre-eaters wouldShortlyBasnssssss *»*«a <U»». ic-iu Hunu.•nnUOt S a t o o * Br«e«way —Ota CHAwrfs SO* opposition to the African Civilization Society was they now occupy.IWJMUTso.oa i>AACSS ao.-or.AOt B*«SMS»MUZ A B T MA I J . , B o . • ! • B r o a d w a y . - O O V T A T B S Q a t a r ' sBOOAX'S UiiH Buooias. AtUBISWAL o o u m i»Bfi»u*sj.-Bx«iMww of rjAif* p*FAtimxo or tat Onoat or iHura- PATaad areata*ooanaa or ru *r«8>ra m n t AND FOCBTH OA TBBOA-CAJUFOMU K H I O H B ATsdiiht b o t h b a n d s .A urge meeting of colored people to express be deprived of the formidable position whichciples, no sympathies, in common withthe men who severed the party in 1848, aadh a v e n o w b r o k e n i t n p i n 1 8 6 0 . I t l a p r o b a b l ethat those national democrats who, for the sakeof harmony or from other motives, still adhered Oast Dupoat and Mr. Lsdyard. sad to the Regency and Tammany Hall, will hence-h e l d l a s t e v e n i n g a t t h e R e v . M r . R a y ' s ( c o l o r e d ) church, in Sullivan street The meeting was ad- dressed by Messrs. Wells Brown, H. J. Watkins, Charles L. Reason, and George T. Downing.Another meeting of the members of Dr. Chee- ver's congregation took place Ust evening in the lecture room of the Church of the Puritans. The meeting was addressed by Dr. Blackmer, Mr. Ber-ry and Mr. Gilbert, but no vote was taken or deci- sion come to. Ihe meeting stands adjourned until Thursday evening next at half-past seven o'clock.Accordingto theCity Inspector's report,there were 472 deaths in the city during the past week, an increaseof08ascomparedwiththemortalityof the week previous, and 93 more than occurredU n d e r t h e s e c i r c u m s t a n c e s , t h e r e f o r e , i t r e - mains for the democratic members of Congress to issue a call for a new convention. It is the only solution of the difficulty—the only way of preserving the integrity of the party, and the only means by which there is any chance of electing a democrat or preventing the electionof the nominee of the Chicago Convention.Perplexities of tne Politicians—Necessity or Comvtwg tne Conservative Vote.The politicians in Washington, as well as thosescatteredoverthecountryatlargo,are all in a Btate of complete perplexity as to theroar ofThsy wart received oa boardmain wttl ctooB is t h * city this af during the corresponding week last year. The re- proper course to be pursued in order to winAI half pa** mm o'clock, to «o by railroad. And at ban* past Ore neioek,B»go i*y steamboatcapitulation table gives 1 death of disease of the back the confidence of the people. Li their di tracy, who are composed for the most part offJBo l i M H t f M M «*•«** HauAV vtu o* tmbtane*at ten retook to too taommg 9mg * oup't*. (a WTBB- the geueraiKe organs, 21 of the heart and bloodboues,joints,4c,80ofthebrainandnerves,11ofPine Arts.Atrnr/BON's BIRDS or NORTH AMERICA.tion was commissioned to make a nomination leaders, can give him. any strength. In factabout from place to place, and finally, when he found that she would no longer live with him,feel a pride In patronizing everything that reflects credit upon tbe country. There is no work that has a stronger claim upon their support than tbe one that wo have atat that city only, and at a given time; and fail- these will have to rely upon their candidate toBy an arrivai at New Orleans from Tampico wehave interesting news from Mexico. It Is reportedthat a battle had been fought near Ban Lois Poto bad no right to adjourn to Baltimore. Its and doubtful followers.Philadelphia or New York—the delegates to be* • * * • • JJJJ***""!*^^policydefunct conventionte •r ah•t Ma**'to IOa tbe approasui or u * sTaribsawy a j••asBBTsB*bo pursued—letBaltimore a^i** ** C^^atoa meet again at be effected in politics, just aa was effected by* froatof IStates flag*flew o w i w l ^a l i W « • DBBBBBI BBS BBBhdBaSaBV _.A T»J *.M,'"'••BsWiW %M pVsa^V •BSaTCsfttftdA.f W ^ -**a ,'••'•"the old whig party; and the election of Bell and Everett would annihilate the ultra fire-eaten sadtheSouth,and theradicalall tbe tttptoyes of tbe yard toft their atf*r*l1u front ofl e t 1 r g e *** *fra me* «ot whichthe conservative revolution whioh elected Geo Pierce. Thai revolution utterly B B S C Jr-MIcaaCazdldAlewillWMB»I. •Thomas M. Tryniski309 South 4th Street Fulton New York 13069t a*****v—ir wanWBWSS/B»BATS a*?_ .:-v... -A .Convention ehould nominate him h e \ w i l l run,prevent hisperhaps have the effect of electing the republican candidate—an event which moatthe whole country split Into two hostile, sections, but the party in this State wasvided by the same act which shattered the na- tional organization. It had been alrvady di- vided into two factions—the Mozart Hall on one side, and the Tammany and Albany on the other. The Mezert Hall party was i ejected at Charleston, and the split thus perpetuated be- tween it and its rival. But in addition to this,*«Aw>> %•» m • Mi i inmni i a ^ g g d B B - e s ,Mt sVaeasino-trwi ^•"^aBBBBsBevlf v*Vaa*M''jlfa,.- IGeneral Ton-Oil of Ik* Latin * the Itattti'i GaaU,*••' *°" aw.electionby thepeople, andlemma, the Washington cliques look for somevessels, 164 of the longs, throat, Ac, 1 of old age, bright spot elsewhere in the country—some de- did they take care not to put the law in force,70 of diseases of the skin and eruptive fevers, 6 still- velopement or act that,may give them a cine toborn and premature births, 72 of diseases of thes«omach, bowels and „other digestive organs, 43 of to Washington for some reasonable word of general fevers, 1 of disease of the urinary organs, cemmand that can be feasibly obeyed.2 unknown, and 26 from violent causes. The na-tivity table gives 315 natives of the United States, »4 of Ireland, 34 of Germany, 3 of Scotland, S of England, and the balance of various foreign coun- tries.wert delighted with ever}thing, tad iiiifBatg *H classes, the only persons who took pleasure in lion with It was that the vast expense i&eurred ia its pre omitted or lost tight of by tbe Naval Goaime.ioe-n,Tfce sales of coUm yesterday embrara-l 1,200 bales,ta* tab* dartM tt» *rt*te«ia w«ek eat up to the boor of etctiog steady on the UASIB of 11 ;tc. a l l ^ o . for middling vention to adjourn to a future day with-few hours of subsequent reflection would have is to be colored from the original drawings, which are every faaiuy required, as well as to the officers or a.ibo ffCHI.The Japanese Ambassadors and their attendantsrendered them ashamed of their participation in it. Nothing of the sort They took pride in the fact, and, as evidence of it, proceeded forth-still in existeace, and as the artistic la»or thus bestoweJ on it is to be or tbe first order, the new edition, notwKh s'andlng the greatly reduced cost, will be infinitely supe-people, waa intensely enthusiastic. The spectacle were steady and la good demand, with sales of 1,400 other self-appointed term, which operation itpresented by the distinguished tisiters, the naval hhds and 4C0 boxes, at rates given la another colunfaofficer*, the military, the cavalcade, the spectators Wears. Stuarta' prices for their reused goods will be may go on repeating 'unti' it becomes too latelast number coBaprkting the seven volumes of text to be delivered with tbe flfteeath number of plates. Every Bomber is to contain two large plates occupying the wbole sheet; two of a medium sise, each occupying alsoTbe Japanett artists took accurate sketches of tbe mis- sion and tbe grounds around it. All an board of tbe Pail adelphla BOWfeU highly delighted at the tpproaebag sal of the journey.Khaadortoed that tbt mterpreter has succeeds, h ascertaining the rtspeotivt rank of all tbe Japanese Ka batty at home, aad placed the result of his laveetigatieai ta tbe bead* of Mr. Ltuyardforoaaatdtratiba The Utter will probably have a* difficulty ia cjtsuag t h t s t t t f a lround in another column Coffee waa steady, with small for the party, to make a nomination. If this a view could be obtained, together with the spon- •alee of Rio and Maracaibo atlSfic. Freight* were Arm for were the act of that portion of the delegates taneous outpouring of the ladies, is all their gay English ports. Amongst the engagements to Lverpooi representing party majorities in the local popu- array. combined with the thunder of artillery, the were some 40,COO a 60,000 bushels grain la bulk aal in lar vote, it would be simply an act of partyon foot, oa the housetops, and at every point whereshp's bags at 7d. a 7>id.—chiefly corn in bulk at 7v,d.;BBBtiag music of the bands, Bad delicious weather, floor was at 2s. To London 600 tierces beef ware en suicide; but when it is the act of delegateswhich has furnished some of the warmest pa- trons of the prize ring, and from the well known pleasure which she takes in athletic exercises,on a sheet—thus presenting tea of tbe original plates oa seven sheets, so as to give variety to each number There will be no redaction whatever in ties number of tbe plates or in toe text of tbe original work.was the moat brOliant by all odds ever witnessed at gaged At 6«. 6d.the capital of the nation. The Japanese appearedtohehighlydelightedwiththefuror. The Presidential Blectloii—\ Hew Cast.who represent only minorities of the local popular vote, and who cannot promise to their candidate even one certain electoral vote, it becomes party murder, pure and simple, andit may be that the introduction was agreeable Tbe foimer will embrace more than one thousand figuresthe Omiy H o p e • t tfceof Congiess yesterday, both Senators Bad repre- There la but one ray of hope for the demo as such do the people consider itof biros', all of tbe r. atural saw, aad represented in action company that the British aristocracy may amid tbe scenes, or on the plants most common to their.Nothing of importance transpired in either house ewsMjr*sentatives being occ»pied mainly with the recep-choose to keep. We only fear the influence of habits. *the example on this side. Here the govern- When U is borne in mind that tbe copper plates from UgbtraL Tbe perspective biiliIa another column may be found an elaborate ac. single candidate to the country—and that is incoaat of the defalcation of the New York Post the Idea suggested in our Washington despatchOffice announced in the HERALD yesterday morn- published yesterday—to throw overboard bothing. The delinquent hi Isaac Y. Fowler, the Poet, the Baltimore and Richmond conventionsmaster, and the amount of the defalcation $155,000 which are to meet in June, and to call a newand upwards. Oa the deficit being made known convention at any time between July and Sep- to the Post Office Department at Washington, offi- tember.cers were sent to this city to depose Mr. Fowler There are two substantial reasons why thisand procure his arrest. The. first part of theirduty baa been performed, bat Mr. F. has left course should be adopted. In the first place, itfor parte BBBBOWB. Bome of his friends is Impossible that the two conventions whichwithout associating with them. Let the latter sent Issues, It wiU bo seta that this is one At about half-past tbt yard as- the personal quarrels of the pretend- once become the fashion in England, and we of tbe cheapest publications of tbe kind that nounced the steam* ia sight, whertapoc there wai ers to the nomination. The people, may expect to find muscle as much courted in has ever issued from tbe press. I * scientific fidelity, a wild rush to the wharf, The Phlladelphia approaobsd, instead of accepting this Pandora's box, our drawing rooms and clubs as at the primary its artistic merit, aad its completeness, all combine while tbt Mtrtas Band )B bar upper deck played taein the present dangerous crisis in public to reader it one of tbe moat desirable acquisitions that a "8tar Spangled Banner."cratic party—but one chance of presenting aing classes, bad as they are, have been in the which tbe new edition to taken cost upwards of ass bun rendered addfctiomaUy beautiful by tbeArm, with $13 8 7 # .sales Sugarsfree from such associations.On the whole, then, the presentation of our fancy men to the Queen is but carrying out to its legitimate results the renaissance of the pu-seven by forty inches, and to be delivered to subscribersThe adjournment of the Charleston Conveu tion without making a nomination is the first instance cf its kind in the history of the de- mocratic party; and however men may differ as to the strictly legal power of that con-this exhibition. Literature and art were, wo are sorry to say, represented by some of their most honored professors. Even commercial men of high standing did not hesitate to lend the sanction of their presence to this degrading spectacle. One would have supposed that aparatioB rendered it necessary to fix such a pr.ee oa tat gcest and officers of tbe boat sanding to setMO original edlUea aa pawed U beyoad tbe roach of all but their curiosity, appetites or comfort, nor did the least armillionaires. \This obstacle to Its more extensive circulation is adtct. ircofLt or omitsioa occur, Interfering wHb tatwe are happy to say, removed. The family of the prcgianeneof arrangements, or atantefthe pleasure sfupliiiie Flour, owing to augmented receipts, and the out making a nomination, after having, bycharacter of the foreign news, was depressed, aad for the ultra course of a bare majority, drivencost descriptions closed at about 10c. per bbl. a large portion of the delegates from the body,decline. Wheat WAS heavy, and was from 2c. to the practical effect of the adjournment is al aith to raise a money testimonial to their hero, rior to the first, in sol Usees, finish, and brilliancy of Oatsboat, «or maty pitriasges.Today at cay break tbe Phila'elpbia was steeds?tttami&g *P tbe Potomac, all oa board of her dtltfft*t at the tear approach to Wtthiegton. Tbt Japanese erf«and escort reached Washington yesterday, where 3o per bushel lower, while sales were fair. Corn The plan of tbe work oontemplatea tbe issue of fora; tcok views at every point.the/werewelcomedbjtheMajorofthecityonbe-wasinlargersupply,andloirer,whilesaleswere wajsthesame.TheConventionmetforaspe whichwasappropriatelypresentedtohiminfivenumbers—forty-lourofplatesandoneofteit-e»chbslf of the mnnicipsl authorities, and by Capt Bu- chanan on behalf of the President The reception of the Japaaese, both by the authorities sad by thecine object, which it did not fulfil. It adjourned for six weeks. If this action is legal, the majo- rity, when it meets again, may adjourn for an-ThePnilao.IpbisstoppedoffMountVernon,thebeet playing a pla.'ntivo air, while tbe bell was kept monrsfel- ly o-lirg.The Ambassadors, through tbe interpreters, were a monthly free of expense, at ten dollars a number—the formed ot tht hhtory of the Father of hW Countryfair to theexport Newat $18 28, and of new prime atpurchases forthe great mart of peace—the Merchants' Ex-change—which had hitherto always been kept of double elephant paper, of tbe finen quality, twentytrade, with some mess pork wasnumber of plates containing tea, printed on fovea sheetsaffairs, and taking up the discussion of its con-think he has committed suicide. The canse which are to meet next month, can ever be reconciledled to the defalcation to said to be a mania which or harmonized. Their quarrels about Douglas great mass hold no allegiance to either faction der of Virginia Stewart, in July last, is bars which were pursued is too expensive and difficultthe best ticket hsving a feasible prospect of money obtained foroverthrowing the hair splitters and radical sec- agonizing and terribleiast nave oeen Imorethe aristocracy, had done their duty. Not onlybut they were amongst the heaviest betters onthe ground. Nor were they, of the intellectual J. Audubon. Tbe only thing to be rerretted in COBOMgilistic art Her Majesty belongs to a family tbe erlire aheet; aad aix of the smaller size, two platestoher. It Is notfor as to quarrel with theAt aaearlyhourtbeNavyYard multitude, including many ladies. was everywhere exhibited. Tbtwits * exato-ratesThe adjournment of the Charleston Conven-tion, therefore, is a practical turning off to the habit of using pugilists and shoulder hitters dred thousand dollars, and that no account of this outlay rains aad a bright sky. Flags wert flying ia all alnc people of its hair-splitting controversy, and enters into tbe calculation of the price of the preelections and polls. book collector can make. It forms at the same time aa There was a pause 'of a quarter of aa 1 until aw tents with zeal, treat them all with supreme THE RETRIBCTIOX OP CHIMB—SriciDE OF elegant portfolio tor tbe drawing room, affording both arrangements could be fully matured.amusement aad instruction to those wbb take pleasure in Mayor Barrel then went oa hoard aad was iatrrtastd indifference, and consider the ties which once MACDONALD.—The suicide, yesterday, of tbe study of natural history. to the Ambassadors, extending them a welcome in, theexisted between them and the imaginary unit Robert C. Macdonald, who was confined in We trust that the work will hare a large sale, and that name of tbe citizens of Washington, to whioh theyof the democratic party as dissolved. The the Tombs on an indictment for the mur- tbe family of its author win derive some benefit from la acknowledged their thanks for the honor aad tbe ooapBS e c o n d l y , n e i t h e r t h e B a l t i m o r e n o r t h eRichmond convention has any authority to to obtain the popular support. No clique of courtezan, and had not the moral courage to sueh a publication. Now the leisure of the rich is chiefly act in the premises. The Charleston Conven- politicians, no faction among self-appointed extricate himself from them. He followed her apent in tbe cultivation of the arts, aad they natarallya nomination, is a deed of disorganization. considerations. There are in the Union to day Owing to the exertions of his friends and coun- has undertaken tbe preparation aad publication of the quantity of baggage, and 1,500 prisoners, as well When it adjourned it was but a rump conven- very nearly, if not quite, five millions of sel, the law's delays—always favorable to the new edition ot hie father s great work. Those wishing toas Gen. Vega, the commander, were captured. The tion—a convention of only a seotion of the voters. Of these not more than one million, or wealthy criminal—were successfully invoked in subscribe can address their orders to him or to Metsri. partaspator oa thai other antrtseBg iniaHii, at tellliberals sad taken possession of Baa Luis Potosi. country. The delegations of eight Southern at most a million and a half, can be said strict A number of liberal chiefs had been summoned toproud of being the medium of their reospttou oo the pu. of hn countrymen.The dignltartes thus addrasstd through tbt totertrreter bowed Uietr acknowledgmentfired from tbe batiary Th*aBBBBfry,prest*rlsgabeautifulappearance,werearranged on the aide of the plaak way (newly white waabed) on which the vstitars walked to tbe gale, where the cortege waa formedFirst, the President's MottBttd Board; tats the Ja panose.In hacks, next, the treaty,* a buys rod a t roteo box, to a square oafs, was carried oa the top of aahis favor. Commissions were sent to Mobile Vara Cruz to arrange for an attack upon the capi Stales, and some of the representatives of oth- ly to belong to any party. The balance of and California to take testimony; but notwith-taL ers, had seceded from it on the ground of a three and a half or four millions vote some- Governor Morgan has appointed Thomas C Ac- violation of a fundamental organic law of the times with one party and sometimes with an- ta*, of that city, Police Commissioner, in place of party. This was in the nature of a resolution. other, or do not vote at all. It is among thosestanding the time thus consumed, the period was rapidly approaching when no further shifts could be employed to postpone his trial.Repotted Battle Wear San L,nls Potosi- Ome of AUramon's Corps Cwt to Pieces— Tate Capital Threatened by the Libe-Mr. Pilsbury.appoii. tnuent, sad been duly qualified. He is a re- smhMoaain politics,of course.Mayor Wood yesterday transmitted to Mr. George M. Dallas, our Minister to England, the resolutionpassed by the Common Council respecting the expeoted visit of his Royal Highness the Prince ofBut its breaking up without performing theonly duty which it was sent to do is an act of holding them in abeyance towards all parties, Macdonald, through the influence of money, r a l s , e t c .Mr. Actoa has already accepted thethattheconservativespiritisat thistimerife,fdo de se, and completes its dissolution. The until all the party organizations shall have de- Ntw O a u u m , May 14, i860.dates to the 5th iast, sad late advices from Oregonaad British Columbia, arrived at St. Joseph, Mo.,yesterday. A copiaus telegraphic summary of the two democratic conventions which are to as-tacks of delirium tremens. The latitude allowedformer National Committee became extinguish- ed In the Charleston Convention, and no new committee appointed by that suicidal bodybabbling and demonstrative spirit, but one of subdued and quiet feeling, which runs deep,turnkey, he was permitted to leave the prison, and go about from one house of prostitution toThe Picayune i correspondence reports a great batik) Bear Baa Luis Potosi, between 4,000 reactionists aad aan event that must not be suffered to passwithout comment. The accused, a man of country was to a very different condition from tbe pre.lighted.An American oaguerreoty par. had erected his camera istAke the picture.Tbt g r e a t e s t e x c i t e m e n t w a s e v e r y w h o r e e x h i b i t e d .Tbt duo boats oa tbe river, with the Amtrtaea tadJapaneseflags?added to tbt effect of tbt brilliant scene The treaty box was first brought from tbe boat, at J then followed t a t Japanese, under the oseort of several naval t fflcers. They patted aa they tended between taegood business capacities, but a fast liver, goteent, and there were not to be found half tbe number o.e n t r a p p e d i n t h e t o i l s o f h i s w r e t c h e d v i c t i m , ap e r s o n s o f w e a l t h a a d r e f i n e m e n t t o t a k e a n i n t e r e s t i ning to do that, its powers are exhausted. It return them to the confidence of their disunited shot her, in Broadway, in a fit of frenzy. Mac- present under our consideration. It to national In vnrj American and Japanese nags.donald was in the habit of drinking to excess; and sense of tbe word, aad deserves to find a place la everyBaring approached to where Capt Bochiaan was staas- tog, be, ia the presentt of has brother naval ofilcars, wsi corned them in tbt nana* of tbt President of the United State* and the counlry, reolprocaUng the Had feelings ei preened by the Japanese governmsnt when the treaty wss maue by tbt gallant Perry AS a hamblethere is no doubt that the fatal act was commit-Roe a Lockwood, booksellers, 411 Broadway.IMP0BTAHT FE0M JMEXIC0.procured indulgences that rendered his incarce- The brig stetson has arrived hers with TsmrsJno dates of monstrated their positions. It is not a lond, ration merely nominal. Accompanied by a Ihe Oft has.Wales, sad also a letter of invitation for the Prince haa any vitality or power to act The only ex- and will tell with immense effect at the polls In another, drinking deeply all the while, and large aires of the liberals. The latter ware victorious omaibas. The marine tad DeMriet nzUitta followed, aalto visit this city.The overland pony express, with Saa Franciscoisting organization which has any national au thority is that of the democratic members of the Senate and the House of Representatives. Let them meet immediately, and, ignoring theNovember nextsometimes to such an extent as to bring on at-The second corps of Miramon s army was out to pieces and eighteen pieces of artillery and fifteen hundred prfc' oners were taken, together with all tat baggage, ammuthere was music from several baud*.Tbe aidtwalks oa PennsyIvan* avenue were crowded,and tbe windows filled.Th* BBBBSt excBtme*! continued throughout the d*fromth*aavyyardtotatquartersoftbeJa, which they reached at about a quarter to two o'clock.So dense was the crowd of pedestrians tad ctrriace* that tte Japanese cortege occupied over aa hour *gttag from the Capital to Winard'aFor some months after his imprisonment,Tao candidates may be said to be already inthe field for the Presidency. Mr. Douglas' him at length attracted the notice of the news- nmoB aad stores. General La Vega, chief commander friendsaredeterminedtorunhim;andasfar papers,andtheyremonstratedindignantlyandotherreactionistofficers,wentakenprisonersas regards the conservative feeling of the coun- against sueh a scandalous abuse of authority francisco had experienced a reverse—in fact, for a new convention, to meet at Washington, try, it is antagonistic to him, looking upon him on the part of his jailors. This led to his beingGenerals Myrla and Caravagal, commanding the hot rale, took possession of Saa Luis de Potosi.A large number of officers had been summoned to Vera Cruz, to arrange fora combtaod attack on the Capitol.i is aahtsahsd hi to-day's paper. Business at semble at Baltimore and Richmond, issue a callthe Kansas-Nebraska bill, which reopened thepolitical discussion of the question of slavery customed to active movement and the free use of , A letter has been received in Washington from General was more excited and enthusiastic than ever before,Should this course be adopted, the other an.Robert MacdonAld, who killed Virginia Stewart tagonistic conventions would probably either of Bell and Everett These are highly respeot- led to swallow poisoa, in order to terminate catecas has been taken by the liberals under Uraga, ovationThe other Presidential nomination is the ticket, stimulants, depressed him so much that he was Degollado. dated Tampico, April 28, ia which he says Za laftroatof the Brandreth House, in Broadway, in not meet at all. or meet pro forrna, tor the pur able men, whose antecedents commend them to his sufferings. Gonzales. Ortega sad Caravajah. OB tat lam, Dragsthe whole march through the city was one perfectbroad daylight, last July, committed suicide la the pose of adjourning sine die. If they should at- ' by taking poison. A fall account tempt to trantact business their acts would notwejatoElFresnillo, following Silvers. Romez, who was This is a case which, if justice were impar- defeated on his way with the iota of tiro pieces of artil-The recepUsB rooms at WlUard's were densely thrtmg- ed with the wives, sisters and daughters tf tbe digaitanes of th* totally, who ware assemhtod to repairs tbsttwal corned iamia over ta hoarwas required * tbt ex. change o<*courtesies before tbe wearied travellers were' la Bah Batted hi another column.WB pubm* elsewhere the proposals, issued by iat Spaia ha this etty, for supplying ' with Kentuckyfora period of three *actadforwillamounttothe confidence of the conservative feeling. Tfce Baltimore Convention has proclaimed that It brings them forward without a platform; butthe organization, would stand by the candidateof the new convention, provided a sound plat- abstraction*, ulu-almi aid radJadlim, no plat 'lery, many weapons, several prisoners aad fourteen ofUntitledDocumentlowance, the effect of which, on a system ac-WasBBNnoB, May 14,1800.tially administered in our courts, should longtheir nominees would not be supported. On the the members of the Convention knew not what since hsve been tried. No evidence that the ac- Cecula, OgasoB aad Valle defeated tad dispersed twelve llowed to retire to their quartersbe recognized as valid by the country, andcontrary, the whole of the democracy, withmuch of the conservative element outside ofcused could have brought forward could havedelaythat,were interposed to prevent his being andmanyprisoners. SubsequentlyRosastookZapotiaa promptiyliralctedajidiranlBhod. Thennforta- sad probably will captors Osllma er Guadalajara,nate (Mmmins, who was executed several ihe libera* intended lately to attack.Tbe crowd has now dispersed, and tbe mlhtory rtturu Ad to theirform, suited to the times, should be adopted. »ad a national man be nominated. In this way •feaw can the Gordian knot be loosed; the •tJHIp. *•* democracy healed, aad the partyforailittolMrtoftfptatfenn Bi,tt»pl|form of practical opposition to all the hair splitting and sectional theories of the daythe three Md a half or f o « .Billion* of conser- vative votes in the country could be concentratod on Bell and Everett, which cannot pro- bably be done for want of time between now and November, a perfect revolution wouldmonths since, committed the offence for whioh he suffered subsequently to the murder of Vir- ginia Stewart Here was a case in which grave provocation was offered, and which • a n y thought entitled the prisoner to the Exe- cutive clemency. Yet, because Crlmmins waspoor and comparatively without friends, he was kurried to the gallows, whilst Macdonald, who could plead no extenuation of his crime, was allowed to avail himself of every quibble aad shift that the law furnishes In favor of M a y , merely because he was wealthy and moved InGeneral Degallado sd.1s;—We will toon act LaW do Fortosi, for I will ottWASsaaoToa,May14,IMO. Tan arrival *f the Ji.mtoilaasnst/ * WsattisgtoBaTfwBBajsswesws^ •* the actaalarrivaltfsh*SBBaBBBBBBBsSBBsBsB.In pursBAaot of speobd ordtrt, at tea o'clock tbt offl of the yard s-ttabltd * fffl dressat tbe Ga-—constituency whom theyMtmsplitThe trickery andTbe officers at the fort prepared a hasty table of refrem Tae finest aad most accurate work: on oraitoologr «x- mesas at tbe hotel. Be embarked at six wtih the a*e»time. When tbe original edition was issued tbeOne of them was taking sketches.his men, who deserted to the Libera*. Last month nearhundred BsastssBBBB under Don. Pedro Valdet, who wentback1 to Guadalajara with only a hundred of ha troops,while b t lost MX pieces of artillery, two mules loadedwith amunislcn, many weapons with all their equipments, OUB 8 PECIAL WJJSHmGTOhJ DISPATCHES.tfta.tM*.fflSVHi^*2?^** «^«a4wB would be Bss^strtatmeasd, for the money obtained by It wouldBenito Goaae.; Farii—————trambtalihy« M J . raad Keyof recant www.fultonhistory.com£lNP**»*#a ftsfeabss ssffrvsvB-snthla. fBftrjMaA—•* J*Q A±S a. £ ^*V^PTMWf •aBB^^BBBsBWsa^BBsP* W ^ea Lsados, 11* a• •• 7 f t 