 NEW YORK HERALD.;iltl OORDOR BBBSiTT, BJXTOB AND PBOPKI1TOK.HnitomsUAcooiding to a well informed Washingtonr***/mon Robert J. Walker to the stand, aad Ihey are believed to afave evidence tending to prove the corruption of several members of the last Congress. So we may be prepared for more astonishing revelations in a few days, or aS toon as the Charleston Convention is over.The investigations which have attracted the attention ofthe country, and gainedforthe model republic a large number of left-hsaded compliments in foreign parts, have been made by wo committees—one a select committee raised on motion of Mr. John Oovode, and the other a standing committee of the House, of which Mr. flaskin is chairman.TheideaoftheInvestigatingCommitteefor the manufacture of p olitical capital is not new. The business is carried a little further low. That is the only difference. In the lastiDoji- grees the democratic party were in the ascen- dant, snd they, through investigating commit- tees, exposed the corruptions in the republican party.' They found a fine old bundle of dirty linen, among which was Matteson's famousleague of members who pledged themselves not to vote for sny bid unless they were paid for eo doiug; Thurlow Weed's five thousand dollar speculation in free wool, and that mysterious Fort Des Moines draft which Greeley carried for so long in his breeches pocket Thus the democrats exploited the corruptions of OBOof the great parties, but kept their own foul linen packed away out of sight When the republi- cans gained control over the House, they im-SaturdaySunday,........•••••••••»•••••«•• *<»0oUAnd our circulation yesterday would no doubt have been quite as large as oa Satur- day, only that we were unable to get our paper to press in time, owing to delay in re- ceiving our despatches from Charleston.THE GBEAT FIGHT AGAIN—ConiirNTS OP THK BRITISH PRESS—We close up today ourrecord of the greatest event of the age—one that has made as much talk as the Atlantic tele- graph, and a great deal more than the Japanese Embassy, or the visit of EL R. H. the Prince of Wales—of course we allude to the international muscular contest between the champions of the British Lion aad the American Eagle. Included with our extracts of to-day will be found a very graphic description of the fight taken from the LoudonBxabaageoe Laaoas, « *•* tag]1 .a y ^ •w r*ostg »•«•!BAnm.I*. S*-TI«OB Low, UBa A O n , « Lodgate Hffl. Using, Btarr * Co., T4 fang wanua treat t,Baldwin ACo.,Spines da la Boarse.j , Btarr * On., No. 9 Chapel aR Stuart,"atordtaago street, Bast Iaastng, Baldwin * Co., 21 rae OornefUa. Do Cbapeaaronge A Ce,of the IvnotBAn Ereoon otaowa roaatTod by mall and telegraph as akapraTloaawoakand o p t o t k o h o w o fdistinctive principles of both parties are. They know that it has been the theory of the repub- lican party to present the question of slavery as the predominant issue in the canvass. The republicans have forced Mr. Seward's irrepres- sible conflict doctrine upon the country, and upon that platform they must stand or mil. On the other hand, the democrats,the savory odor wl I ch they gave out, the Covode Committee was flying at higher game. These philosophers obtained from the House a roving commission to inquire into the condition of the national linen, high and low, and they attained a degree of importance which the others could only sigh for a long way off, by obtaining the evidence of such exalted politicians as ex Gover-down with a lamb of ordinary pluok now.THE NEXT DEMOCRATIC CONVENTION.—The se- lection oi Charleston for the place of holding the Democratic Convention gave rise to a good deal of discontent among the delegates and others who were anxious to be present at that exciting and momentous affair, from the factwill act as cicerone while tbey are in tbe country, and will have entire control of their movements.THB 8AKDJXlAS Ml MON.The Chevalier Bertinatti, Sardinian Charge de Affaires,and tbe ladles aad guninainii present only aw is* n contrast more strongly the diabreace betwosa theanatvas and the depraved creatures arouna them, oil op wnatweuid otherwise have been empty beaches, sad grre ator to the meeting which tt could not bav« badtheir presence. Several gentlemen stood neartrance of ute enclosure, kindly -*"iH*lat Isnae •to go m and he sealed; but tbe maj >rny drew back at a* they feared to eater a place so saacaftod by the hety ss-*. W.or •ASSAC ass ynrtx st*.at the F ve Points by a few Christian iadividaali which are raised by Congress wiUi a great deal published some kind of m account of it oaD J l i r•?•*><#a*^Ty Vw*104,1C0 copies.BMMALDtm TBM WMMMLf UMhALD,K^t?mn,m to * P" ——*•AMrsaicejrreTHISBTTOVO.m S3 | ~ —"••. •**AOiDHT or MUSIC, Fourteen* B4—I PBUTAJL-ITAIIAX Orsdemands are previously compliedwith.The eaten market was without aolmaUM on Saturday,araio'i 04»nm, Hoasa.-BUOXSTUUX PnrooM while th* sales wore oaajood to a few bondred bates,oJosmg without change of moment to quotations. FiaeTHE AKNTVEBSAHY SEASON.—The anniversa- the are m P-V«—_ ries commence to-day, two meetings being an-nounced to come off; after which the campaignwill be suspended until the 6th of May, when Tfee Femaleit will be resumed in full blast, and continue getlter with a leuatsb*. Lasuntilthe17th. Weobservethatthereare tosuredtortbtrtySvo more than the usual number of anniversa- a are balooa wblob fell ries to come off this year, from which we ar-gue t! t the funds are getting very km, for itB ofOauawn,Aariia,lHSat thk atoaa, u••Aw,whichMYumaa JACK-turtoncnv KXBAIB.WTMTU QABDKH, Broadway. LAJBITS.e r t * grades ware heavy sod irregular, n e w , oo the sweo«th of the foreign news, was again armor, though tomeleasactive. ThemarketclosedatanadvanceofUJT1.(A*Our reporters v.'ited the different wards in the city during the day, and »e result of their observa- tion* will be fi/oud in *< other part of ear paper tbto morning.Partisan Invratigatton*-Waaliing tnioesgerly bought up as fast as our presses couldnv n into this involuntary Servitude in Cuba, and the shocking system of torture to which they are subjected by the kidnappers, showing that the horrors of the coolie trade tar surpass the worst agonies of the middle passage in the African slsve trade. We publish today a let- ter from the Chinese allied Commanders in- Chief to the foreign Consuls in Canton open this subject, which furnishes evidence enoughto brand this entire system as an atrocious out-rage and fraud, and to convince any one thatthe philanthropists who made such a fuse aboutthe slave trade on the ooast of Africa, and BOW•eHcSer of feat e*y, ass atvara! ottxr geveresms* of Bhatsa.e*ri*«i btre are Save «eaooakaoawoer, UwfcictTnemesnThe shipjoiners of New York held a meeting in .•*, iao regard to an advance in their wages, at No- 70 avenueD,onSaturdayeveninglastAfteradis- cussion of the subject, it was determined to "strike"onMonday,the SOthinst,unlesstheirA are Bn. n v t o , a-tooy,. tb. tJStitBOWBBT THlA TBS Bownr.-MmSJUOCT WtUMMMr- aoctoos itul continued to be held with flrmnnes, while in-AJJLAOKW THEATRE, Broadway.—HOBSAXO to OB foil 6c. a 10c. per bbi, and Is some cases eves more.r sat soar's Fauna.LACBA KBKKB'S THEATRE,E4 Broadway, B*ws.Wheat was held with Increased ftrnuiesa, white sales were to a fair extent, including some purchases for ei- pwt Com was mote firmly held, and opened at better price*, bat owing to the Increased supplies offering the smrket closed with toss buoyancy. Pork was heavieris well known that the real object of these an-Tate G« at Weetaen Ratiw ay. HABUTOI, C W., Afrit * ISB)m BO.-OtPtr DAseaTsn—Foseo—Ike Great Western RaSway eatalaft,lar the weakosd iog yteterday, were $42,098, beamg aa iaereaet of %i+*• s e wnual gatherings of the sanctimonious and phi- Ttnxs.Itisdonewithoutslangorcoarse-lanthropicphilosophersistoextractmoneyoverthecorrespoadisgweektotostyear.TataxUItea endcoaler,withsatesofnewmensat$17IIa11787}-;, •BOUOHAMV TOaUTaS, 444 Bmdway.-AtAand of new prime at$14 ttafiU 81. Began were again BABjnnrs U W O A I MUSEUM. Rroadwtv.—Day in good demand, while prices were Arm. The sates emaa* •nmtmt-Jixnim DaA*B-LA»T Of Lxoas-Uvix* on braced about 1,500 hhJi Cuba aad Porto Bicos, and 1,200 bbds. metado. Coffee waa lachanged. The cargo of the BBTAsTW BTTWETRBX*, . #Tl Broadway- Weather woage, oemprteiBg about 4,000 bags Santos, , luxes* Ac Pnsitrv • Coituiiui without allowaiMw for rejected, was sold at 13JiC and BALOOll Broadway—Oao Onuarr*t M» 400 do. Maraoalbo at p t. Freight engagements woreness of any kind, and may serve as a model for some reporters on this side of the water, who seem to think that the more incomprehensible tbey can make their accounts of sporting events the fleverer they are. We also print an elabo- rate article from the London Chronide, which takes ground in flavor of the muscle men, and gives out that the Prime Minister of England himself is not averse to manly sports. The London Daily News has some indignant com- ments upon the barbarity of the fight; but the general tone of the British press seems to be favorable towards the gladiators.We presume that it would be of ne more use to preach against prize fighting here than in England. Pugnacity runs in the Anglo-Saxon and Celtic blood, and comes out in the extremi- ties. Everybody fired up when the news by the Vanderbilt was promulgated. Everybodyfrom the plethoric pockets of the citizens of the metropolis. It is quite probable, however, that the excitement which the Charleston Con- vention Is creating will take away a good deal of interest from the anniversaries—politics being more absorbing than religion or philanthropy just now, pending the great quadrennial strug-, D u e s As.—BAAOU WAIDB.COOPKB IMBTITrrE.-ExBtsiri*w OF PBALS'S CatcnrM.u n u s of t u C o i m or buna—Aitsraosa and Evening. rAumseStTTOIAL OOMCCBT • AXOOB, BesAasasnv Aa,OOnMBB OP THimTSBVTH STBBir AMD FOUR til A Y aNCB.~CAuroB*u. > H l « i » n .TRIPLE SHEET. championship, people will naturally be in-clined to look towards Charleston. where the not only in proving that their opponents areSew Work, Hoadajr, April 30, I860.OUR BUSINESS.Sght for the Presidency has set in with all its usual severity.The Convention has already been in session one week, and has done just nothing at all to-corrupt, but that the republican party is getting won>e than ever. They have proved that both partif s are utterly demoralized, and that our politicians are more corrupt than any othersevery day: and it is highly probable that, ^with a occupied in fruitless debate on the platform,The Haekin Committee confined its attention to the printing job, and had before it men likewhen they have it The visit of the Prince of Wales to this country, and the arrival of the Japanese Embassy, will no doubtgeomubute to induce a large ccsinter emigration of tourists Lorn Europe; so that this year promises to be awithin that period from any office in the world.These are facta which speak more than words of the Committee of Resolutions, who workedthe country is interested, so far as it knows any- thing of the specialities mentioned. But whenthe material and intellectual dcvelopement of our dty.MAILfl FOB KTJEOPE.vention concluded to sleep and pray upon it and adjourned till this morning, when, at ton Ibe Oooard mail stimrahlp America, Cant. Millar, will o'clock, a vote will be taken upon the matter.Discoverer? of Guano klands- Abuses hi the Havy lards,he.,Our Special "W<*ehlnaton Despatch.to save their money. As for the representa- consideration the subject of reoommoading an appropria- The course of Sunday nwetiags which have bant son tion, additional to tbe $50,000 already appropri- menced at the Five Points., under the Btisptoos of a fewNow York aVmrnn*.Wfu«nxGTO.v, April 39, I860. TSS UI-1VWI BVBA8ST.leave Bueto* on Wednesday for Liverpool.The Baropean mails wilt dose in thai city to-morrow af- tion of the ass between two bandies of hay.for their bread and butter.So it is all buying and selling, and intriguingand lying, and washing the dirty linen of dir- tier politicians and dirtiest parties, and bargain-ternoon at half past one o'clock, to go by railroad, and at half past foor o'clock,'to go by steamboat.of a good thing—two platforms at once. The atteaootookatth*saonung. Singlecopies,inwrap- truthaboutthematteris,thatallthefussthattives of the British Lion, whe have been brag- ging in a characteristic manner about Heenan's being whipped to a dead certainty, they arcated, to pay the expenses of the Japanese practical CLrntlans, were yesterday continued by a sor- Embassy during their stay in the United States. It is man from Rev. Dr. Bethane.understood to be tbe purpose of the government to as- Tbe sit.'selected for this purpose to a lot inanedialelysumetheentirecontroloftheJapanese,soCaraseveaae adjoiningPease'sFivePaintsHouseofIndustry. This s concerned, while they are guests of tbe United has been enclosed by a high boara fence, parboil; coveredby s roof, aad neatly swept out for the BaaaaawsnattBa of States, which will be until the time or their embarkation. the public. Though the day was beautiful, and the asBSksrThe B i i • « • ! • f w - » or m BKULD wfl be publtoLedTnio Jlewi,We present to oar readers, under the appro- through their public speakers and writers,nor Walker, of Kansas, and others of the same that the metropolis of South Carolina was rathertleman for his efforts m bringing forward a measure rais-ing the representative of the Unfted States to Sardiniafrom a Charge de Affaires to a Srst clan mission, thereby influence i»f the bad rum witnin them. Toe cnidren wsipriate head, oar special report of the proceedingsbefore the Charleston Convention np to its adjourn-ment on Saturday night From an enumeration ofthe six days' work jo»t completed by that body it the constitution. The people have to make will be apparent to all that very little headway hasan out-of-the-way place, very hard to get atbeen made towards nominating a candidate for thePresidency. This is owiag in a great meaaore tothe school of small fry politicians who hare as-sembled there, most of whom appear to be ab-sorbed in coneoetmg measures for their ownaggrandizement, regardless of the great %*nta of such unmeaning trash has gone by.* All the the nation. A multiplicity of platforms have been hair splitting over the platform is done by po- •ubmitted upon which it is proponed the litical confidence men, who are endeavoring to new candidate shall stand; bat none havepite all remonstrance, however, the Convention has met there, and so far things seem to haveon Public Expenditures on Saturday, aid testified that a large number of mules, and other property belonging toas yet been accepted—on the contrary, muchcontroversy and acrimonious debate have takenplace thereon, which promise from present ap-pearances to result in a bolt in the Convention.The rote on Saturday on the question of recom-mitting Mr. Bayard's anti-squatter sovereignty reso-lutions shows very clearly that Douglas has not a mendous movement for secession, or bolt-are .considering; the subject of a new Territory, to be bow happmesB and respectability were to be sssared,sayed to make a speech in favor of the majority report of the Committee on Platform, in which he dared the Northern men to reject it. Thai speech waa decidedly committal to the South, who, he said, boo always been the defender and practiser of democratic principles. He said Douglas was an enemy to the Booth, and he would not support him even if he were nominated.the surface. The democracy will, in con- of whom were exerting themselves to hum- heard in the metropolis that possesses interest the overland mail routes and the live* and property ofon the 8th instant —Since my comnunicatioa to you, published to th*papers to tbe 22d ult, aotbtng remarkabto hat occurrva. The rebels of the West have bean shunt altogether as- nlhliatod since the defeat of B*rqu*!mew, and are oat- tin-oily bBtng pursued by numerous and weD-commasaad forces, so that they will sooa be completely denrnr- ed or reduced to small parties of Bssnsans and high- way robbers, who will go en gradually •»- cr« asing until there to nothing toft of thorn. Sotuto, set- witbstandlng bis defeat at Sana Ana, succeeded is «_• looting bn escape, and has arrived at his old beasts, bat troops are stilf aarsumg him. Some rebel ehieft hare accepted tbe SaWcy of the government. Peace M a*tI&consequence of the great press of other matterour St Domingo and Sicaragns eorreapondenoe.received by the Northern Light, are crowded out of his own conscience, and the conduct'of a hand-tion now in session contemplates empowering who were directed by the Secretary of tbe Navy in 1S59 turmoil which he has passed through. In some the National Democratic Committee to appoint lo inquire Into the abases of the Navy Yards. Tbe Boardour news columns. The news from either place is ful of small politicians, attempting to dictate a not important Our San Juan del Norte correspon- political creed lor as many as two and a half dent says the people of Nicaragua are still san- millions of democrats of every section in theguine that Commodore Vandci bilt will hare his country, and ewajed by a thousand varied preju-steamers once more plying on the lake and river.The aews that President Mora had left Bealejo to surd, if not extremely impudent Neither theThis is the mode adopted by the republicanposition, he was compelled) to place confidence. party, and It is undoubtedly the correct one. covering eighty document pages, asserting that they have uac. for whit* he bad been authorised by the execatirodices, affections and inclinations, is utterly ab- The government and people of Nicaragua a-e candidate nor the party cares sixpence for thethe various departments of the yards in expressing opi-Thomas, aanounoed that the Congress was to BUSSUB atenttr Costa Rica by fores tarns oat to be untrue.nions, but do not exhibit much knowledge of the Caracas.branches of business of which they assume tn speak A private totter which w e h a v e received states tkstThey condemn and censure, seemingly without limit, and the member* of tbe Coagross appear lobe oo divided***"said to be furious at the rejection of the 1 ^ ^ . Zeledon treaty y the United States.Our Port an Platte correspondence gives as StHORRORS OF THE NEW SLAVE TRAI>E,—Old England and New England entered into a com-finally recommend, la order, as they assart, to huui-e greater cadency and economy, that tbe navy yards be•anloaat* that they have already begun te throw at each others' beads to their hotelObltnnxy. ThsNewOrleansOrwaeatof the 24thAprfi ntys-'Hnntr B. COFLABB, lately an esteemed sad popular a n - ber cf the Yartottei tfaeatrnsJ OMapaay, expired •****•" ay night. Shortly after midnight, at f* 8 » a o * BespinLDomingo news to the 12th lostPolitical a3airss>:KVAM-I: OF THE SABEATH.—It appears from ourslave trade, and the philanthropists of both Commandant atone be held responsible for the faahrair.were quiet The Gold Mining Company in the despatches from Charleston, that, after greet <3bo* mountains has been partially aaccessfol excitement and a desperate struggle—whichIn Perm an Platte trade was dolt, provisions only find a parallel in the recent internationalcountries left nothing undone or unsaid to re-performance of the duties of all those under his commaiiAlthough thtt report was made to the Secretary of tbeNavy nearly one year ago, a never saw daylight uattlhigh and health good.Thesteamettpliatsjinas, from Matawaa, Caba •rrtrwdIrtthisportonSaturday,having made theprixe fight—the Convention now sitting in that city adjourned on Saturday at ten o'clock until Monday (this morning), very much to the satis-recently called for by a resolution of the House, aad bn-mediately upon its being printed tbe copies disan- The unfortunate affray la which be reotoved a weaad, t tmoderate, and rates steady. Among the shipments to Liverpool were 10,000 bethels corn and 6,000 do. wheat, m ship's bags, at 6fcd , and 2,000 bbis. floor, part by a ship op town, at Is. 10}* 1., the remainder at 2s.TUe Struggle at Charleston.Now that we have partially recovered fromgle of the country.'!%an<-dfh win of sito* 9 ;,'' •battle*n***--SCarte•trian tbel.6 - 'j»l> tbecof se thai iH'Locke CaptaShield aad a ShieldEvecotsic** sp*t*rv*<ly rep c n e o i TAltOIraitai or las be lot D i M t ,btehvelycrow. lh«ri pnee •verynmtu-u oSt Ni•test lootsTh' lagerhad h a bnft.* T b e lIntbOBftoW ingti aUti)t b e 11 torn* l a g sBairr hex* rcua •nppahsn nop* tO Wiitedi road •or* Marl Ksh cultjveto 1'qettew tenlsfui lootassume , entirely opposite grounds, and are too happy to protect the South in all its institutions, as guaranteed byelevated character. Then it was ascer- tained that all the chicanery and cor-recognizing by the Untied States the government of Sar- dinia as one of the groat Powers of Europe.attend tbe school in the House of Industry wore kksoas present, and aa interesting feature of the serviess wat the singing, by those Uuiu ones, of some of tae ansa hymns which were fined out. that the rest of the essgre- •ation might join with theat ta ttvs devotional eseratt.their election between the republicans anddation of an unusual number of visiters. Des- Col. Johnston in Utah, was before the Hasbin bonunltteeand such a scene a s o o e nnacsustomed to rlccaid notl«c upon without dropping a tear of sysapatny for the aator- tanate beings competed to drink of these Utter Aran ef ute.After the usual introductory exerenea of stogtog ssd prayer, Kev. D>. BeUute addressed the aodknes, ntttgthe democrats upon this issue.tions about the annexation of Cuba, the iron impost, the Pacific Railway, are stuff and non- sense: they deceive nobody, and the time forgain time and favor some particular candidate. Many people think, from the row which the fire-eaters have kicked up, that there will be a bolt That, we believe, is an error. There is a certain class of political adventurers in the South who are always at the head of some tre-Ford. All parties, all branches of the govern- ment, were implicated; nor were the coostitu tional advisers of the President without an ac- cuser. Curiously enough, however, the of- ficial personage at whom the Covode resolutionYork is the most fit and proper location for the Democratic Convention, and we would suggest that when it meets again, four years hence, it shall assemble here in the great commercial me- tropolis of the republic. This is the centre notA Ntw TsaarronT.I learn that tbe Committee on Territories in the HouseNEW YORK HERALD. MONDAY, AfRIL 30, 1860,-TJtIPLE SHEET.the excitement caused by the light for the mediately engineered the two cominittees weTRAVEL TO EUROPE .—The usual summer travel to Europe seems to be fairly setting in. The Persis, which left here on Wednesday for Liver- pool, took nearly two hundred passengers, and the Arago, which sailed on Saturday for Havre, took one hundred and fifty— over three hun- dred passengers in one week. In all proba- bility the number of visiters to Europe this year will exceed considerably that of previous reasons. People have plenty of money, and itFor the last two wetia we hare found it ncces wards accomplishing the objects for which it on the face of the earth. sary toteaaetriple sheets of the Niw YORK URBALD ostensibly came together. The time has beenwho had not time to read the papers on Satur is characteristic of Americans to spend it freelyatlantic steamship interestfew oicaoioa&l exceptions, we shall be obliged to and the making of speeches, such as new members of Congress work off in Committee of the Wendell, Bowman, Defrees and Tom Ford.continue them until after the religious anniver-aaries are ever. Never before, is the whole history like at Charleston, The weather is hot, the of newspaper enterprise, have so many papers been hotel charges are excessive, and as the bills printed in any one office, or such a vast number of swell the temper of the delegated grows noadvertisements been published daily in one news- sweeter. Consequently we are nofchurprised paper in this country, within so brief a space of to hear of several personal rencontres on Fri- time In the last two days alone we have day and Saturday. No one was killed nor in-issued from this establishmerd oocr two hundred d e e v harmed, so far as we can ascertain. As to thousand paper$—the largest number ever issued the plattorm matter the Convention has notadvanced a step. After a very severe strag-They testified to what everybody knew before,that the public printing was a political job;that the printer charged fifty per cent over afair price, and divided the profits among peoplewho helped him to his place. Thus wehave no doubt that Wendell bought votes way. Jonathan says to Bull, I can make outright, and operated in Congressmen as better clocks, build faster ships, con-Whole. The democracy has not been lambgle, all the reports were sent back tothem over again, split a hair here and another there, but could not agree upon either s e t The whole matter having given rise to a very heated discussion, the Con-;tor said in evidence that party papers were mis- erable property, unless they got subsidies from the government, and showed that they are mis- erable things, living from hand to mouth, and doing what they are told by the lobby, with-Every little boy understands the urgumentumadfconanewi—thelogical sequence which is pro-pelled in a straight line from the shoulder. Soeverybody got desperately interested in thehe*,he*The Convention now finds itself in the posi-The committee has given the party too muchAll the resolu-Anuey 2 7,7***** ** ***"*•ble ^*~~* - *•*? "^wrylarge,but onfavora^ V * » * * * « »*• United a%»ssW • . far from Cetirons of seeing their city turned into« M » i e * m the deanand,^ a * e l t . r ! S L ! a bear garden on tbeSftbbatfj day, b j sceaee pi was anticipate* ^change on i a S o ^ ^ S excitenent and contention waich are very like-a. U aUi pece ^ ^ 3 « i . £ £ £ £ £ *ly to end in unpleasant conseqaencea. 1%isHenry H. Leeoa. She » modelled •teTZu'bLJZ Sabbath, coupled wita the quiet and religious drawn off completely from the political arena Old England her money and her influence inyarht America, aad is ropcted to be a fa* o ^ , aepeet of a Southern city, and the InBtructire at Charleston to the prize ring in the English China. France, too, suffered so much by ibettsnuelBBVUttttumelltnl^ mS friends, whUstUBBiBibUc sussed sad regretted the ab-sence of hto pleasant face aad nas anahrtorn » * • ta* atn stags of the Tartoties. thoughnM tog healed haa«»ne-Sao is complete m every respect, aadeaams wham*• &'Hi._• a ^ s n W S J M t f g s i t e f r ^••Jicea of its numerous churches, wfll have a county of Surrey. The excitement, however, abolition of the slave trade that she thoughtYork, sad be I oftiTAI Daowaws.—-Oa Cdroasfflas itoos Bananas an MatKolff, wl_la BKhssoad lake, a en mi** from that villas*." f J t o g and beneficial influence on the<* the delegates, so that when they res*havirg now partially subsided, the Charleston Convention again regains its place in the popular mind, fjome idea of the extent of tnseriously of resuming it recently, bat she has made some kind of compromise with Great Britain, and will probably go as deep into thef •#0 ,iIt tenn'«UJ. u.i. _ . . *aVAtonMr. Csea/Jret©.*1 ^ * ^ «*** tfc» awrning they maycoolieon the reception of the news from Englacd trade has proved to be a more nefarious andmay be formed from the immense numbers oi cruel affair than the old. The China papers the HSKAIU) which we were compelled |to and some of the English journals have expos,*!D i t t ylanamUs t o . g r e M .throwcontaining an account of the fight were printed la England and sent out here by the Vander•correspondent, we have not yet come to theThe open air preaching which has been started end of the wonderful investigating committees bilt, aad that every newspaper in the citywas continued yesterday, the Rev. Dr. Bethoae of- ficiating. Though the speaker was a well known and eloquent preacher, the attendance was very small, and very few o the Inhabitants of the neigh- bc ihood could be induced to take part in the ezer- CUMHLof facility, but not easily got rid of. The Co- Saturday, the circulation of the HXBALO was vode Committee, we are told, will again enm- as follows:—froiftie slightlyonMew(meansl^s a **lre***».iiej no •an, braha kobel, reowtthem on.Notwithstandingthat extrasPolitical Intelligence. NOMBiTiosti a PBOIUMBOS, R. 1—Tb* reaebsnat a* Providence have made the fobowbtg sasaiassnaa for aacity election en the Stb of Hay - F o r Mayor. Jsan C Knight; Citv Oerk, Samuel W. Brown; Cxy ITIHAL Marinua W. Gardiner, City Sssadtor, Jaana M Osate' Collector of taxes, Nehesntoh & Draper; CB# nssstol! Daniel Jeans; Or sneer of las Poor, Geo. W. Wajbttaa- Supwtntenoeet of Hceaa, Edvia M tttow.Tax BMTVBUCAB CAMP —The Chicago Democrat says tan a strong movement n oa toot at Wastuagtos to head of tbe S-wara sad Lincoln movement by the BASKS of Ms Loan aad Trumbull, or Bates sad Fenecdea. tbii BTS produce s a aiaaaos between Seward, Caste sad Censrea, aad unite tbe three great States. Km, toes B*war«t*A Lincoln are safe, as Gov Banks prefers Sewarg to Mc- Lean or Bates. Gov. Banks is also a warm friend of Mr. Ltaeem.HARD TO Scrr —A Wsabtogtoa cerrespoodeBt of tin Pbllaotipbia Jnqmrer sags:—"Governor Wise BOS ana expressBSgMBopinions,whhoetreserve,as to theWaal of courage and ccnaisteocy on tbe part of the admtantrt- taoa. He remark., d the other day, ia our hoartag, tan bn belief to, if Douglas receives the nomination of u*Charleston Convention, he will be defeated, sad that ssa an event will be tbe death aad burial ot theparty. It was htoopinton test Joe*ge McLean,i' iat Chicago and Baltimore, would defeat Douglas ift Vk- ginia, aad nearly every Southern State, Hs tanks I n - ter to sot a popular mm enough. that Breetiertsgen set the proper man,aad General Lane no better."NEWS FROM WASHINGTON.he would in fancy stocks. Tom Ford, struct more effective telegraphic apparatus, and The Japanese Eunhassy—Tbe Sardinian Mfc. has not the slightest taint of republicanism to bis pouboajhave alluded to above. They have succeeded,it appears, has agreed to give a part of the profits of the job this year, to help in the electionof therepublicancandidateforthePresidency, Jonathantakesoffhiscoat, ties the starsand and doubtless to assist in the return of thosestripes to a stick, and says, come, old fellow, I members who voted for him. A political edi- can thrash you, then everybody is interested.principles He to from aa old VermoatrtoBtoaiatit(sal- 6k»u -Coiernment Expenditures • Stall— ly; his father and all his brothers are democrat, aad be the Hew Territory of Chippewa The toademocratandnothingelse,having nevervotedtokkday took them home and devoured them all onSunday. The fight was the theme of discussioneverywhere, from the Baptist Mission in theFive Points up to the portico of Grace church.The softer sex seemed as much interested in thematter as the lords of creation. There must bea reason for all this. It is the hereditary feel- very stirring and profitable one for the trans-ing of rivalry between John Bull and Brother Jonathan sticking out in the old fashionedBenicia Boy, and desperately disgusted without a moment's hesitation, and in mortal fear the British swell mob who broke up the fight The House Committee on karatga ACEairs have under O p e n n l r P r e a c h i n g a t t h e sTtwa P o i n t s .ingandcorruptionofallkindsatWashington desperatelyashamedofthemselves.Asforthecontinually.While the Haas's Committee was dealingthe friends of the rival candidates. The peo-ple of this country know very well what the printing flesbpot.--, and smacking its lips over his days. It will not be safe for him to lay aad temporarily becoming their hosts. O p t Bopont flattering to the prospects of the beaevotoat enterprnt,is made about the platform is bosh, gotten upr any edition of tit* ( to conceal the war that is going on between wiB bo rosotTfri at the following plaeaspoor old Lion himself, we suggest that he shouldbe permanently attached to the TrSntne office, TbJa wttl not, however, prevent State or city govern- a wen known clergyman, the sasnaaaa oa She with the small fry, poking its nose into the and fed upon vegetables for the remainder of anenta from extending to them any civilitiea additional, present occasion was not so huge as u ufrom New York and Washington, and possess- ruption was not COD fined to one depart- ing very small advantages for the accommo-GOYSSaXKHT BXPUtUTrCBS* IX UTAH.Lieut. Dudley, late of the dragoon corps serving under U was emphatically a OBaanaaaoa of melody aad ran,ment of the government Then suspicion wasthrown upon very high personages, and moredirty linen was washed before the world. Itwas a great time for the Covodes when they gone on pretty well: We do not hear much the-government, weie sold at auction in Utah, where a pointed to their immense wash. The dirty grumbling about bad fare, short allowance of few persons were the purchaser*, when, if the same prolinen came from the top and the bottom, provisions, or extortionate prices; but at the been, it would have brought a handsome advance on tbe as his text, " Oomn unto aw all ye that are heavy tosee from Governors, and Senators, and Repre- and I will give yon reat," aad from to*, to a fusanst,same time it is clear that Charleston is not the original cost I learn that there is evidence to show that familiar and illustruive manner, adapted te tasasa-sentatives, down to chevaliers like Tom placesfor such an event to come off in. New this opinion of Lieut. Dudley is a mistake.prebeasxm of tbe youjg<*t oaud beore bin, be sreonesd to sbow tbec bow they might be saved—tuwanion in thto world might bo ameliorated—howaad not riches, cansUnted She best wealth ofwas especially levelled—the President of the alone of commerce, but of political sentiment ganizing Dacotah out of tin southern porUaa United States— comes out of the affair with- Everything which contributes to the greatness of the Territory of that same and a part of out a stain upon his political or pri and importance of the nation is concentrated Nebraska. Should Congress establish the Northern overKBEITSa OF CONGWtSS.The Diane de la Marima of tbe S e t alt. oonhtias tbemajority, which fact has seriously disconcert- ing, or something of the sort But theed his friends. Mr. Burrows of Arkansas es- movement, somehow, never appears on corrupt and unscrupulous politicians, all New York; there is something to be seen and tee arc of the opinion that government can better protectland wagon road, it win pass directly through toe centrevate character. Although surrounded by here; moreover, every one wants to come to of the proposed new Territory of Chippewa. The commit following extracts from a totter wnttea fron Lsguayrasideration of the spoils, become a happy familyagain. The sooner they stop speech-making pursued the even tenor of his way, carrying are unlimited, and the influx of ten times as the army.and go to balloting, the better it will be for their nominees, who have still to appeal to a power higher than any party convention. All that the democratic masses want from Charleston are the names of the candidates. Every man will fix his platform according toABTOS8 IX THK NAVY YARDS.The civil officers, mechanics and laborers in the variousbug, cheat and deceive him, the President for everybody; its means of accommodation pitu-• •• uj- organizing the Territories than it can withon his part of the government calmly, quietly and conscientiously. The pure morality, Ughcharacter and practical experience of Mr. hotel charges or anything else. The Conven- oonsequenos of the report of the Board I Ksral Officers,Buchanan stood bim in good stead during all theminor matters the President may have been mo- mentarily deceived by those in whom, from theirthe time and place for the next Convention.were ordered to make tbe examination of six of the mostextensive yards In the country, in the month of April. " l U s Iw^uwh our plenlpotBBttAry la Paris baa alrr*iy (n little over two months they made an •noorale report, OPiioUstt-d m&widou a lota of one minion pounds »**•-It would be remarkable, with so much lying and intriguing about him, if this bad not hap- pened. But, if we examine the evidence ever so closely, we shall not find a tittle of it which militates against Mr. Buchanan in any way whatsoever. No better testimony could be af- forded as to the prudence, sagacity, wisdom and purity of bis administration than that which isTHE Two GREAT EXCITEMENTS OP THE DAY.— present it In features of the most appalling cha-All New York was in a fever of excitement on racter. Old England sacrificed her West IndiaSaturday and yesterday over the two great celonies and a large portion of her trade atconcluded on all the yards, and endeavored to give an impartial view of matters as they exist under the presenttower. A fe* secondary matters only remained t o e * arranged for tbe conclusion of the contractplatform, whatever it may be.TEB CHARLESTON* COWEMIOS AXD TOE OB- afforded by the investigations of his enemies. bination some years ago to abolish the African placed at once under strict sanitary rule, and tint thebattles of the day—the international contest of muscle between the British Lion and the Ame-firstthoughttrtfimg, an subseeoeat paadul axwan, «*«*• holidays faction of the Charleston, people, who are very rican Eagle, and the political contest at many other commercial Interests with the same Charleston—the issue of one being thecham objest But, finding that it was an unprofitablebenpionship of England, and the other the cham- phase of philanthropy, they have both com-oewery, the patooa of hto wean . tehtoafor wd be died of tetanus. B wtl boa roobtvsd an «siF relBtms and frisson to snow lths best aw-teal tek*ajtoto«2cay,"*** ute ktadly T ^ * * * * * ^ . " ^ l ^ l a n e T s r aad ether friend* Waea hto hope ana «xt*«*»~ £pionship of America. Bat the arrival of the Van-bined now to establish another kind of slavebuilder mast take bis Instracnoas how to buSd a ship from a military officer to pronounced a piece of wild non- sense. A n House has called fin the testimony upon which this absurd and anti-democratic piece of tjtmaj is based, which, report says, will affords add ot infarsaa- tion. The enangtog the superintendence of the a. Bsoriee of the United Sanaa from the mSaary to drm ntie has proved too great a success tor a sugfenion tik • that n u i e hy tbe Board to receive asy impoijuu attention.Tan Diacovwoas or ocAX.) saunaaThe OoaaJttee oa Foreign Affairs m tbe H^ose wHiaosn report a bSa which wtU seriously aabet the dnauvereraef guanentoads. The House has the school before tuan MI ^ s b i * e or a blB reflating tbe tr»1emthAtarttc>. Aa •snrtwmiMttnee so box* the sate ot the artiste na the fanesatsa of AjaortcaailtoosiafLssuibs ratted H>i»«derbilt on Saturday morning created such aseriously to be hoped that yesterday's peaceful furore that, for the time, public attention was land supplying her ships for the purpose, andtbusiasmwhichprevailedthroughoutthe citybusinessas ther e s tThis newslaveUntitled Documentissue for the last two days, all of which wereThomas M. Tryniski 309 South 4th Street Fulton New York 13069the asanas employed to entrap the poor CbJatran ta* Sreh _antr nf water aawet eves<rf several asV •ball****many as the Convention might call togetherwould not make the slightest difference in the yards of the United States are a good deal exercised inWe hope that the committee will see the wis- dom of selecting the city of New York as the place of meeting, for the Democratic Conven- tion of 1864.A telegraphic despatch received in laguayra oa tb*home to break down the system, and New Eng-land seriously damaged her carrying trade andpearod so fast that it is almost impossible to obtain onein Washington, The news that tbe Board recommendedtoo yards to be placed under strict mil ttary rule soeareached the hundreds ot artists and mechanics tn the ve-rtonS yards, aad an avalanche of proseats, memorials pad peOUons,itissakl,wUlbetb«.resulL The idea that a ship ly after tbe amputation, aad atraffic, known as the coolie trade—New Eng-aid and abet in a system of stealing coolies and no bj Mtia k r»»»»».. * ^.fromChina,underthemostinhumancircum-winnearlycovorfeetoss2lbsMBW£*2? of*t"ices,arethegreatesthumbugsoftheday.w.smi.m.cce;scaredw,c8n W.T'C!£>1BST2 ">jur*<» *> water a few hundred detlara. tb.smas*accompanied by his secretaries and attaches, recentlymade a formal call upon the Hon. Anson Bsrongame, ofthe House Committee on Foreign Aflkirs, to acknowledgein behalf of his government his indebtedness to that gen- socntioas of the hour. The tew who -—perty had been forwarded to California, as it might btvecomposed of the upper portions of Dacotah and Nebraska. to be called Chippewa. In that event, tbe same committee will report in favor of or-through religion, aad, tinally, how much their samd salvation depended upon their aooeptng the tovaatwa contained In the text B was a tight tong to ss re- membered.Blows (vans Veaesaela. r-ISPTKSIOK OP THK KBBEL3—mXsFSCTS OP PIACK—system. They enter into the minutest details of gtb on tbe departure of the English stiamer for A.Cottonta.lset bake.8 >,-*».- nyi<^•••••••BIDrxos A DsMocxiT —It to asserted that Judge D a n , wbo has Just defeated tbe black repwbnoaam hi Wnesnsh,life a republican ticket.SAMHOTTOS A SrcMrCAfimnnretTBxPxmxDSxcT-lletter from Huatevilto, Texas, to a gentleman iatea, says that "San Heustsa to oat as aa i candidAiefor tbe Preetoency.' Sam may be <as being now fairly oa the course, and a to asore that probable that the Baltimore National Oafa ill heartily endorse bim.then- seats among the audienceTbe men did not exceed a dozen in ithree of these soon went far-', to steep under tbe Itbe aews. roftiy gi*«a> ^^^JS^m^m*»**• am www.fultonhistory.comMAjar line*, ef Znstin, anl Pekg V. Chandler,•nr-» •I Iftj 