 \X&iliar) congre^ati n. and g->eS oil' to spend a brief va cation in the country. And vre caunot fairly awert that]the annual closing of the clurch«sia a more crush- ing calamity to the masses of t ae city thin the closing of the faehionable houses, and tiie hegira of the fashionable world.. When the tired crowd turaajagain to th«* well-worning, aftern on atd/ evening. " Morning p.-ayers wers *aid by t'-e Rector, the Rev. Mr. Herrick, and the sermon delivered by the Rev. Dr. Taylor of Grace Cnurch, who quoted his text from Deuteronomy, 24th cln>pt<>r and 21st verse: " It shall be for the strangers,lady had been sent to a millinery store in Divisionstreet, New-York, to pay a bill of $10, on^ Tuesday disputed. .COAST OF MASSACHUSETTS.-—MISOT'S LnnfiR ENTRAXCB T U BOSTON BAY,—Information has been reoeived at this office froux Brigs—Aluddin, Sh twell. Salem, MetcalfAt Duncan; Havana. C»pt B. S. Alexander, C- rps of Engineers, of the completion o£i'rjeaanwuther«woKofnsdzu-aJea»se»...;ThesameCoronerheld 1l~o*e«t at No 26* A*eau« A, «o he body of Th-unaa Marks,aged i vear*, w h o w*» killed b y :V.lin,; from a titth story window A verdict of accidental death waa rendered.exception being, to find any empty'seat, or even stand- mcrroom. The text onwhich themorning's discourse was based, ia a part of the 15 h verse of the 4th ohap. ofSt.Paul'sEpistletotaeEpheeians; ,.! 1pastor, the Second Universalist Church, corner of votes. The resolution was voted down. South Third and Fourth streets (the Rev. B. Paters),BELL AND EVKRKTTMASSMEETING ATPATERSON. —A special train of carB left Jersey City at 7£ o'clockErnest Vossmark. Pittsburgh, L Croiselfer. Bouton, John F . C. Gclon of S t John's, N . B.., from Liverpool for Quebec> 43 daya Mefnecke, lady, and two children, Augusta, Go.; Mrs' Hermino out.i.the.widows and the fatherless.",'tioned, had paid the. bill, and immediately thereafter and erasing pait, so as to insert another grade of the same of-) I•4Icrowdinthepublii.highway.BROOKLYN_.- ^__-.'".ITEMS.-"la bark J.M.Hick*,from Antwerp—Johannes Blaufua,In ship Cornelius (Jrinncll, from London—John fjbsell, D r . ' W . Spit.ktainhimself,andisanhabitualdrunkard." Theoonfuiionol*tlie' butA:Co.,ElizabethLupwig,St.Marie's.Metcall'AtDuncan;B. base.89fejt7incheshigh.above meanlowwater. Itiasur-•yTHER>:V.DR.CHAPJN'S CIlfRCH.D r .ing. i The interior of. the edifice, familiar to so many thousands throughout the leng h and breadth of the*«was prevented by the police. •NEW-JERSEY-ITEMS.T"&•.jaaeri«An L M 1 * pubH*h*d by 15. &..G. "^.Bloat. TATAT.Vm*T9a-Vum> AcciP**>r.-.OnBfttnHay?J»F •vroiaw;,ACCIDENTS JLSD TJKiUKSTs.-4An' inqnefet was held"by CoToner Gamble,, on SsjtuTtUy, atjhe Eleventh Ward St<*ion- , BOOM, on '.be body of ar unknown '•)nan who w i i too d dead tnbecommencedthismoromg,andinsixweeksthetrack onvariouspersonsintheSeventeenthWard. Geo.P.Andrew*Bark J. J MuiXa w*• ' **«•"**»» 4 days, cotton, lie, t0Statm-Honae. for the night. Justice Kelly subsequently com- jBittodHimtou»w«r..The special term of- the Supieme Court will be openedbyJudgeBrownonMondaynextintheCom-"•MsitM<l •r ^l• .,••8Bpz110 Sixth v.rf et... .The premiaea N o X">iKirat avenue, ocoapied•am nlitbt,androbbed of *60 wo»h of clothing. Nocln*>to waysneartous. Thialaatruth.thatiaf-lt themoreM r .Beecher,w a sstimulatingaW W e - i LET EVER -Tbeorigmal HART>'< atVyle, and *£g,lower n>t«The Bs^enigDed^havii Iflaimfs^t.ixer", will, aftl ,abort moticti with the BJIX. Pxivatea' Capfts, Capk4 •no Caps, snd i'ione- -»' sad Medak, together wit ooastamtly on hand.~mCfeaba in the counvr» a Broadway, -New- YorrYoang Men's He REGULAR MEETlN STUYVESANT.. ITAc meeting will be .1 BEEBE, WM. H. TE^). ' CEgtt»e perpetzaiora of ettber of the al ove robberiea haa been ob gained.KEH.5F.IJ TO PROSECUTE.—)&satin Eaynor, living in Of Id atrrot, Brooklyn, having been i obbed of $"&, complained tothe more the religiona life is developed wirhm us. lux-plain it aa we may, man, standing on this lit Je bail orearth, with decay and change all around, has stair per-As OUTRAGE.—-Thomas McCartney was, on Satnr- BURDETT—In Fort Lee, New-Jersey, on Saturday, September Schr. Granite State, Hallet, Boston 8 days, mit*.. to 8. W „ day,1>rooghtbeforeJustice "VooThies, charged' wtth a serious , 1, I860, Sazah A., second daughter of Henry and Rachel Lewisk Co.ceived a relationship with the Divine, and has reached th»> pollee. 8abaeqnenty officer Ryaa azr««ind * itroet outaaif he dimly and vaguely felt that that Infiniteand unprovoked osHtiult upon Bridget Huns» y , residing in Canton street. McCarne* assaulud andb^ot Bridget several tim«« in face, and.opon bring brought before the Justice,"pleaded guilty. Tfift Magistrate, in deciding tho cose, said: " Defendant arraigned and pleaded guilty; bei'-g his first offense, sentence H'lsp^nded." Th«*record shews that he hasb*eu previouily onvicted of as eaults and battery, and a judgment has been obtained ag-u'njrjhim in the City Court for damages arising out of an assault upon John Shields, a Deputy Sheriff.ROBBING A VESSEL.—The; 000k of the schoonerMaria Louisa, lying at the foot of .Irnlay-street, on Satnrd'iy, entered the cabin end stole $76 belonging to the captain, with which he absconded.RSCOVERY OF STOLEN GOODS.—Captain Holbrook,of the Third Precinct, on Suturday evening, searched tho house of Ann Ellis, who bad been arrested for Grand Larceny, and found a large quaatity of wearing apparel, which is supposed to have been stolen.•PHOBABLE INFANTICIDE.—Yesterday afternoon, thedead body of a child, apparently two or three days old. was found in an open meadow, oorner of North Tenth and South Fifth streets, E. D. Coroner Murphy was notified to hold onBnroett, in the 27<h y*ar of h«Sr age. i fechr. Ga)lego, Smith, Richmond 5 days, floor, ke., to C. H.' The-'elativea andfri-ids of the family are respectfully invited Pierson & Co.to attend ber funeral from the.M. E.Church,FortLee,to- Schr. D. B. Warner, Carow, Charleston 7 days, naval stores to morrow (Tuesday), *t 11 o'clock, a. m. McCready,Moi%&Co. 31stult,ofl"LittleEgg'ILwbor,aignaledi.scbr. Lilly, hence bound S.FERGUSON—On Friday, August 31, in the 96th year of her age, Scbr. R. W Brown, Barton, Wilmington, N . C , 8 days, navalwalk, r inin»d Jenny Lewia on an tpicion, but wbrn the WM br-nahr before Justice Kelly, R*yncf refctaed to prosesnte andMrs. Ann.Ferguson. ' " / • stores to Jonas Smhh k Co. The friends and acquaintances of the faniily are respectfully in-taoaate a<eiden« on the Dry Dock, t Kit of Govemeox ttreet,y«a- a«tday. It excnrreA on wb*t la call »d Swain'a Dock, and not on «tkft«r o f t h e BaJanea Doeka halo: >fd»r t o tbia Company andarose. The case is contested, and the man who holds the estate is adjudged to have it rightfully. H e goes backhome—istheestateimprovedTarethefencesre- paired? are the fields more fruitful ?. No, it is the same thistle-grown old estate that it was; but the man rejoices and saya, " Now I know it is mine, for I haveYork side, until I0J o'clock, . J'• , Schr. M. R"ger«. Farren, Virginia, potatoes. KIRBY—In thia city, on Friday, August 31, Mrs. Lavina, widow Schr.'LeBoy, Oshone, Alexindria4 days, flour.or Thomas Kirby, in the 82d year of her age. Schr.8.M.Sbaddic.Jooe«rPortland2dayn,atone. KEEG,AN—In thi» city, on Friday. Augutt 31, of inflamma- Schr Naid Queen, Hulae. New-rUven 2 daw, in ballasttion of tbe lungs, John Keegan, aged 50 years. Steamer Comet, Jonoa, Philadelphia, mdae.^and pa*«. to J . 4c,LEWIS—On First P a y morning, 2d Inst, Clariasa Lewis, wife N. Brigg*.of the late Philo Lewis, aged 69 year*. Steamer NoVelty, Nichols, Philadelphia, mdse. to J. fe N .The relatives and »rienas of the family are respectfully invited Brisg*.to attend tbe funeral fioib. th» residence of her sonin law, Steamer Boston, Cannon, Philadelphia and Cape May, mdsa. Stephen R Titus, One-hundred.and-fifty-second street, west and pa««. to F. Perkins. -, '«of T-ntb avenue, Thi»d Day, 4th inst, at 4 o'clock, p. m. Car- Steamer Sarah, Jones, Philadelphia, mdse. to Lopex k Kkk-OjfittoJ theREOPENING OF THE CHURCHES,got a title.'' lor the i'u' ure;Other" men look on religion as a provision like a little 'estate laid by snugly for them,desires of the h*-art, x*ra {rant with the most seen by the great mass of the people; to elevated, lofty feJettaedmemories, endeared by the tendereat aa- minda,G'dsendshistruth—toaclasshighinthought, rich in their receptivity and impulses1ar-d they stand aoeinuiona/ which have teqieat&r<-d gorgeous dim and catcli ita.inlurnces, that they may transmit them figSt, and the nngering thro > t,f old thunder pealed downward. In this way the results of humanity havetianized. Under ancient influences churches have been darkened, andworship'made sombre-andgtootny. Tbe outwart? life mutty also be made to conform to the inward,andbothberegulatedbythesamedivinelaw. Mr. Beecher briefly sketche- the progress of this work in the soul, and the nearness wuieh some attained to true, whole Christian life—so as to almost foresee the fucure a n d heavenly existence.The communion service eloped the morning exorcises; There was no preaching in the evening, as Mr. Beechet ia laboiing under a severe catarrh, rendering it very difficult for him to speak.PEARCE—At Yorkers, on Thursday evening, August 30, aged FIRE .IN A KEROSINE OIL FACTORY—About 9 19years,Hrien,daughterofNathanielPeaice. iI. •"^ —fit m the organ lott, and tbe ec loee of choral -ar monies all the weeks ?inc^the dock scattered to find pasture el«wwf.; the noble editues, xmequaled in any dfcy fbr variety and taste of architecture, for noble a«v •ommoda' ion, a i d for devoti d ministry, wh'.ch have^>)j b«en startled from a profound peace by the weekly- ford, Connecticut, on Saturday, September 1, Peter Starr of Middlebury, Vermont, in the 83d year of his age.- larewd of ibe •fidthful Bexton'e feet, arid through whoseJuly 19,mdse aud pass to Grinnell, Minturn At Co. Had light ALARM OKFIRE—Analarmoffirewascausedin SULLIVAN—In Brooklyn,onFriday,August31,CorneliasR, windsandcalmstheentirepaasoge?July28,lat45,46,Ion.20, the Fcmth District, E D . , •yesterday morning, by the burning • infant son of Ecgene H. and Mary Ellen Sullivan, aged 1 supplied Br. ship Pa'merston, from India for London, with pro- »f n chimney of the jonney-hr-use connected with Wall's rope- month and 27 day8. visi- us; Aug 25, lat. 41 50, Ion. 64 06. exchanged signals with snip walk, at'ttushwick "While retoarutnc Com the alarm a difficulty ST.' JOHN—In Brooklyn, on Thursday evening, Amrrst 30, of Grett Wettern, bound east. Au«.81,Montauk bearing N. E. byscene of desolation, and attuned a stricken soul Rector, officiating. Services were also held in the to a ne'w melody; to the haunt of the evening.Republican^-ISAACDemocratic—HBNTKTNational Unions-HESTRT F. Cox. ' .1ginia; Ramon Mo-tos.^Bernardo MidaL Havana; K Reinkon,Bark J. W . Cluincy (of Boston), Sparks, Boston 5 daya, in haj« lasttoJ.W.ElwehkCo. WidloadforValparaiso.out by the tumult of follv a»< sin; to the bedside of tour through the Western country, resumed services in the dying poor, preludiog an immortal symphony of his pulpir-, Christian Chapel, in Seventeenth street, glory and honor; to the festal-chamber of the bride, we*t of the' Sixth avenue. The attendance in theopened yestesday—among, others, the New-England Geeiken. Miss Hefene Sadon, P. le l>autu,jr., Henry Rotter, bark showing a red flag with white ball; same day, saw bark opposingafusion with anyotherparty,andinfavor GeorgeKrebs,'JosephBrown,ladyand3 children New-Yo^k; WaltonofLiverpool,boundW,;*Aug. 10,hit4632,l<ya.4809,CongregationalChurch,theR-^v.*W.R.Tompkins ofelectingtheircandidate,ifatall,byDemocratic EugeneVallic,Beilz*-,Hon.;JacobBeyerandchild,Bremen; passedtnehullofaship:Aug.19.lot4419.Ion.5422,(pokeshipmay apeak the word • of trut h that the bsnignant munion was administered to upwards of two hundred viice of nature may enforse and. vindicate. No peraooe.present, but only about 50 persons, and of ithese about materially with Justice Sutherland.INGRAHAM, J.—The. nrisoner was committed by aone-third were non-paying visitor. The entortaiment Police Jubtice, on the ground of his having been committed ofCleared.Steamships- Hammoria, Schwonsen, Hamburg, Kunhardtit reef, a i d waa theie.burned. Nothhnt of any value saved, S>70worship has more ofjthe sim pliciiy of the primitivechurch, than that which is-coni lucted each Summer insanctuaries none the le*a holy because they have notbeen deuica">d by man. and can p-meetings, anpremedita-.ed gatbericga for praise and >rayer in woods and by evening by a la-ge congregation. , ways, sacraments in cottages, a ad the sablimeet officeswas of the highest oider, and it is unfortunate that it should have been so slimly attended..»ALLEGED 'ELOPEMENT OF A W A L L STREET BROKER W I T H - A YOUNG G I R L . — O n Friday afternoon an aged laay residing in Myrtle avenue, near Raymond streetbeing a vacant, viz.. an-idle person riot having visible means to main«ain himself, and an hnbiual'drunkard.He is now brought before mo on habeas corpus, and his dis- ch*rgn asked for on the ground that the commitment is not for any offense "punished b y statuteThe practice.of reviewing convictions before Justice's onhabeas corpus is net to be commended. The statute provides an-other mode for correcting th" errorw of the Justice which ahouldbe resorred to. If the commitment is irregular, and the JusticeCo.; Glasgow (Br.), Tnompsbn, Liverpool: Augusta, Woodh-tll, being the proceed»'of what was saved She was 142 tunaburdon^ Savannah, a. L. Mitchill At Son; >orktown, Parrim, Norfolk,/ built in Tuckertowri, N. J.. aDd owned by Staples At Phillips o£Chapin'sChurchw a so] »enedyesterday mornby the same party. No clue to the perpetrators of tho prhoner Is ttviigriiiit within the provisions of the statute, I, thejustice, did so sdjudge," fee.Tho commitment in sullicient If it follows tlie record, and. '. <?'NEW-YORRDAIL YSEPTEMBER.••ShipMarieEtterteth (Botch),Yourker,Havana11 cbysAbiP lasttoort'er. , -»~^*^hark Dor*tte (Brem.), GMtjon, Bremen July » . mdae. paac tol master H»d light northerly winds first and middle part OFBW* sage, latter part liir>twetter>y winds; *vg 15, lat UU, lonHol ^'^n,a,ed,.H]r% vVj Aromocto, steering E.: 19th, lat 40 45,Ion* 494%sfgnal'zedbarkDeltaofBoston,steeringW.;Slat,lat43 35, Ion. 65 00, spoke Er»g. bark Snowd-n of Liverpool, from Ja-. rnsicafor London ;22d. lat 40, lorn 57 52, signaled Brem. b*rk Atlanta (orTheresah from Bremen fct N^w-Y ork; took pilot «TM« bi at Edmund Blunt in lat 4104, Ion. 66. - ^ ^Thetextpreached!fromwasthe12th.verse offa*M28»h chapter of G>sesis:hold, a ladder ee*, upon the earth, and the top of it reached to heaven: and behold, the*ng*ls ©f God as- cending and dctcendiog on it." The subject of Dr.Binnerthatrepenteth." Atleasthalfthecongregation are away in the conntry.'The* Rev. Henry E;- Montgomery, pastor'of the Chvrch~t>ftheIncarnation orrMadisonav.enue,cornerroamdfr. GathnttwaatakenbeforeJusticeColahan ApolloRiWetmoreetal.agt.AuaburnBirdaelletal. on Saturday mortirVg, and committed for exammatkm.. —Motion for commission grafted with st*y till October next,a*. |)intnir jyfr*. Caroline Brys'en «f *¥>, M l East Twenty-nrtt Chapin's discourse.was Grod'a providence^ a"d the e^ of Twer ty-eighth street, prea«^ed yesterday, morningSUPERIOR' COURT—SpF.owT./TRnM—SEPT. l.--Before Ju«- tioo PiBBitispoaT.JTUBLlgHED'X'/l• ~{8<n BY THE T fajmrnjsm*-*sStr^tTwa* f*t«lly 6cnw^ by theeipl'^on 0f a,flaid l*inp Ta« jJSJBJnftfV'W'rtt a c t t e r e d o v w w ' person, and *h*eimmediately to"kb«a where her two ©hiPvr*n| were sloping. evtde*»ly with tH* tet«D««n of seizing .Ksane or the bed olitnea to .wrap SSJIWTITT Th« biding «»"'r ct fire, •nd the nnfortnn t« womanfect of a Hvingfaith therein. Hebegan bysaying thatJacob, asleep on his stony pillow, saw more in hisdream than m hi*wakeful hour; for this which he he-^DECISION.James Myers agt. Robert. G- Creamer et al. -^Motion4 9MM dWrretsjfHoCTryfetheld was'not a deceitful and empty vision of the night, feu b«iWe * insenaihlo. £aV£ 1 ^ vrMt raised, and Eoeine Co. hut a revelation of "aheavenly reality. The vision ofi 7 if2Bf i* V^? Monrttroa.,/Navarro k Co. Aug 26. lat 84.yJfc>.6*pwxprj ran to t>> ,-ot and speedily extinguished theCHURCHES IN BROOKLYN.»?•J 4 «t.ri»n»J'd a bark steering N. E. showing a rea^aalP ^ l ^ 1 ' V q , n * * ? , M d , « t t ^ « hi center. " « • • " • n « a a *:atva«*a 43Tr O Tr . ^Y._^ *• « m / •Itw r1 Tr-t — l **" "**— • Bryden w«* fatuity burned and oae oftbe*ebOdr«B s^-rerrly 'mjured Bothflfbo sufferers » « » conveyed•»BSa»leroeHo«pH«\. wbere the BHjther aoon after died. The dr«ani what the keen-eyed man of science sometimes chad will probatory recover.the far-reaching ladder revealed the influence which subsists between God ax>d man. -Jaob saw in hisThe cool and delightful weather yesterday served to filltbe streets with church-goes, and those Banotuaries that during the Sommer months had been closed, wbile their pastors and congregations were but of town, were well filled, and the Rev. A. D- Northrop resumedB«n* I^Ski,01 feS*5« ?8*»..8«i M days, rajv U, »»e. Aug 21. the Highlands bearing 8. by W . 12fails to recognize when wide awake—;the Divine and spiritual reahty beyond and behind all things- Thepro- fi-nndeat inductions of seieuce end in the primitive trntha of religion. If, by the vision of the ladder ruu-coal loaded 1u x*^W.«fP»»t'i shipyaid Aportmorteso.ex»uiiuitio-iavowed'.hat 'ningfromearthtoheaven,andtheascending andde- hislaborsinthePark Congregational Church, afteraorder.CITY MORTALITY.—During the week ending,Sept.Brig Wa'erloo, Avery, Elizabetbport, coal for Boston. consumption, 65 convulsions, 8; dysentery, 6; scarlet Mr. Hamilton A M*ttison to Miss Rosalie B. Fuller, both of Schr. White Cloud (3-mastcd), Hulae, Efizabethport, eoal forscending angela,Godsignified to,theweary travelerof'Bervnebft "His care for him, is not this still the ' sweetest and most needed tru h, that God cares for man ?—a t>nth which distinguishes religion from meresojourn in Europe of a few mo&tbs..TsAHKIKJD. DUCKWdltTH--HILL—In this city, on Satmrday, September.'-'this »eets on the idea of th*» close communion 1of God with man. It is a very significant truth, but how little realized,thatGodisnotfarJromeveryoneofUB.1>IBZ>.BAKER—In Brooklyn, on Thnrsday, Augurt 30, Mm. Helnnmorning was not so large as usual; hut there waa a very barge congregation in the evsning.Higgins. Jersey City, J. H. Walters, Mr andMra. A.C. Kuyper, Mr" Ad. Lihdeman all of Iowa; Mr and Mrs. John D. Doescher, TheodoreJoostallofCalforina;O.C.T.Andren,lady,andtwo children; Miss Christina Ed, all of Illinois; Martin Gessner, New-Brig Billow (Br ), Hunter, Windsor, N . S.r 15 days, plaster to master .-U.S.Surveyingschr.JosephHenry,Lieut.-Com.Sears, from a cruisehearing theprvmifO of an undoing union; to the slaveof am ition, awakiisg the ample early wishes,, andreleasing the aool from its cosro<nng fettert>; to all thecrowd, bringing conaolaJlon' or conviction. fear>sor uaual services.wereresumedinthiachurchyesterday> .Jamea's(colored),inRem-enstreet.And he dreamed, and he-except that the pWntin" may notice and prepare for trial at thatphilosophy,givesmeaningtoprayer,andsustainsall afterhisSummer'svacation,commencedpreachingJL» OFPTCXR BADLY BEATE ».—Officer Van Veigfrbeavn b y a rowdy named Thomas I3oghes, whom bo waa c-m- Divine Providence; for no amount of philosophy ever church was crowded.. That is the rule, the very rareWm,oftheFirstWard»*••badlyInjus«donSaturdaynight,being thoseinfluenceswhichareevolvedbythedoctrineof againyesterdaymorning. IfisuselesstosaythattheVor). on Wednesday, Augu*t 29, by the Rev. H. A Guild,v*ying to the Station-Bouse. WhU e walking together. Hnghea made a man a religious man. There is something in •cddeulyrtrticktheofficrrseveralVboeaInthef««e,and finally, •religiousHf«andinfluencewhichstandsbyitself,and getting possessionof hl» dob,*tr-.cl: him atxviolent blow* euthe b»-*± Assistance having axrivwl, Hughe* waa tak»n to thefever, 6; marasmus, 11.• • • ; " . . *> 'South Berlin.•Hartford.Schr. Arctic, Hicks, Alexandria Cdays, flour, kc, to Saftord fc.Church of the Puritans in Vnioii 'square.-—TheandtheThirdUniversalistChurch,atGreenpoiat;the Reformed Dutch Church, in Fourth street, and St,on Friday evening, with about 200 persons, for the ark, N. J.; Dr. Tbeo. Saner andlaay Dresden, Germany;MM. purposeofattendingtheUnionMassMeetingatPater- '.CharlesCorroy,Harre,Dr.F.M H*u<*k,lady,twochildren and port3rej©icie»g, the dark dream or the brigbt. Tbe bella services being held morning and evening. The pulpit THE IRREPRESSIBLE STREET PREACHER.With the resumption of Divine worship yesterday,£or. TheUnion minu'e menturned out with fifty red, servant, of St. 1 ouia; Mrs.Emilie Polvogt, Ferd. Stucken, both of New-York; W m . O. Harder*. Philadelphia, the Rev PatrickSchr. Sarah Gardner, Gardner, New-Bedford for Eliaabeth-Schr. N. S. Rue, Rogers; Providence 2 days.Sctr Mirror. Marshall, Yarmouth for Albany.Scbr. Maria Louisa,-Smit.n, Providence 2*days. Scbr.Celestio,Redfield,Portland2daya*atone.Schr. S W . Poudor, Talbot, Providence for Albany. Schr. Belle. Merrill,, Ea»tport 10 day, plaster to master. Schr.JohnTllton.Pharo,Vi/giui-jwood,Dr. Tyng resumed his labors yesterday morning, and when Horace Greeley, and the Hon. James A.Briggs,was greeted by a large congregation, amoDg whom. of Ohio, will addrees the meeting.weJe many e|ra ?gers. H e was as&isted in the morning • '\.'NOKAnax.THE LAW llELATlNG rp VAGRANCY—CAUSE OF COM- MITMENT NOT NI CESSARY TO BE RECITED.In :<5. Wm. Gray.Sandy Hook.•'HIG8 WATSK THIS DAT. *9:05 | Gbv. Island.... 9:55 I HeU-G»te.:...U:36'SA V ANNAH, Aug. 31.—The screw steamship Mount Vernon, from New-York. srr. at 4 this afternoon.',Sept. 1.—The U. S. Mail steamship Star of the South air. here at 7 o'clock p. m . yesterday.DinnutevH, Sec,NASSAU,N.P..Aug.18,-Thosckr.VirginiaofTaunton/ Mass., Ror on, from Philadelphia for Indianola, with a general cargo, went ashore, on the nUht of the 7th inst, on MaternillatThe Central Presbyterian Church inBroome street, young lady made theacqnaiutance ofa weaUhy brokerkalow, Bodme, Norfolk, mast«ir: d. C Jones, Bedell. Norfolk,, The illuminailng apparatus is cuU-Uoptrie of the s«cond ordoC bavir-g mear ato.maintain himself, lives witunu^ompldymout, is Sturees. Clesrman AtCo.; A J. Hardy, Smith, Sag Harbor, J. L. 6f_the systtmi cf FrosneJ., and wiL show a 6xed white lightwaya cf the town, throws behi id it the faded flowers, having been re-painted, repaired, and cleansed through- doing business in Wall street,- some months ago, andto be deemed a,vagrant. In the present" case the words " lives without employment" are erased lrom the .commitment-Bynhq act of 1833. " a person who, being an hob.i ual drunk- ard, is destitute and witbout visible means of support," is to be deemodavogrant InthisCSBO'theworda"isdestlUite"are s t r i c k e n o u t . . - . . - .If it xvere necessary"that all the matters required t.i be proven should be stateo. in tbe commitment, theu neiiher ofieijKe {» fullyDavis. A. E. Banes, Dill, Richmond. Van Brunt At Slught; M. Theflbocal plane is 84 feet above the mean high watoi\ and th«r Bedell, Ryder, Alexandria, M. Bedell; John Boe, Hirnoaoud,<r light shouild be visible at highi water, from a point 15 feet abovopiteotuly recounts the various oxperiences that, makeup t i e calendar of Summer pie3 sure, a a l . murmurs fors o m e n e w . t h i n g , t h e m i n i s t e r f a l o w s i t w i t h t h e p r o mfee of t&ings to come, pleasures outliving the bloom ofthe nurfac.e of th« sea at a distance of 15 nautical miles.The light will be exhibited for the firat time from sunset to sun-riseontne15thdayofNov,I860,undeverynightthereafter.B y a u t h o r i t y o f t h e a c t o f C o n g r e s s . a p p r o v e d S e p t 2 8 , 1 8 5 0 . t h «nam Seituate will be extinguished on the" exhibition or theinot's Ledge liuht and the lightvessel now stationed off Mlnot'w MlllOt'S LedgC UIUI UIU U.,7 UCUtlWKl UUnr «U>ULedge will be withdrawn and discontinued at th« some time. <»that the commitment should state all the particulars necessary tois now supposed that she hss eloped. He is siid to bo make bet the offense. Tho odense U being a vagrant. The Jus- W. Lewis; Prowess, Hulse Baltimore, Menlll At Abbott; W H. tout about 9 miles.out, was reopened for divine worship yocterday, aervice,beingli^ld,morningandafternoonbytheRev. attheconfectionerystorekeptbyhergrand-motherinM r . 1 l a r t l e y . A l a r g e c o n g r e g a t i o n w a s p r e s e n t . Tne Tuesday evening lecture before thia congregationM y r t l e a v e n u e . T h e l a t t e r d i s c o u r a g e d t h e a t t e n t i o n s that were paid her, but tbe young lady has since af-a single Summer," and the he la invite to unfailing will be continued hereafter through the season, com- forded every opportunity for meetings with him, and it stated therein. But 1 am of the opini n that it is uot necessary' Taj lor, Boston, J. W McKee; M. Waring, Crowell.. Boston, S.- The new light bears from Boston Lighthouse E. S. E. i 8., dta*sources of consolation, and proclaim the one hope that isneverdisappointednordecaye1 Theivyisimmor- tal over the mold, and the spire still points to heavenThe reporters ofTMETRIB«;S|: present the fasts theymencing at 8 o'clock.ticesstutethattfiop:i«onerbusbeenchargedwithbeingava- grant, and was convicted on competent proof This 1H sulliclont toshow'theoffensecba-gedandthecomictioii. (Seel'eopleact. Moore, 3 Park. C. R , 465. • ^Jn a C<mmitmert for petit larceny it is enough to state that of- STOLEN PROPERTY.—On theeveningofthe2-lthinst. fenstowiibom'rociMngthegoodsstolenortheownerofthoprop- erty. In-the People ajrt. Cavanugli (2 Parker, C. J{ , (m) the "cities of Brooklyn and William iburgh. The day in but three weeks. T ie text of the pastor yesterday the house of Mr. Henry McHyde, at East New-York, General Term of the Secoud District held that a commitment was ingeniously, entered and robbed ofjewelryand whichrecited thattheprisonerwas oouvlctedofamisdemeanorTitcomb, Thayer,SierraLeone R.W.Trundy;A.J.DeRoc Rett. Tucker WilmingUn, J. Smith At Co.; Clara, Grace, Jacmel,:A r r i v e d . »Steiunship Kurnak (Br,, screw), BrownloFS. Nassau, N. P;*Aug 26, mdse. and passengors tb E. Cunara.Steamship Jumes Adger, Adum«, Charleston, mdse. and puss.to Spoffor?, Tile.ton At Co.Steamship Cahawba, Smith, New-Orleans Aug. 25, via HavanaItisinlat42«16'9"north.Lon. 70« 45' 14" east from Greenwich.By order ofthe Lighthouse Board.W M. E. SMITH, Engineer Secretary.Wa*hlugtou, Aug. 23, I860.PAPERg PENDING BEFORE HIS HONOKTHE MAYOR FOR APPROVAL. FROM COMMON COUNCIL.Church—The Rev. Thop.H.Skinner, D.D.,preached althis churchye*amarriedman,withafamilyresidinginNew-York.Mercer-Street Presbyterianwere able to collect concerning the opeoiog of maoy of terday morning and evening. .• / ARREST OF' AN ALLEGED BURGLAR—RECOVERY OF the churches, yesterday, in this oity and the neigboriDg St. George's CtywcA.—This church ia s been closedTited to devotion with the aw© stent air and; aunahine, morning was " Looking unto Jesus." The congrega- was sufficient, and a more paitioular stutcment of the olVeu*o and the stieeta were fillep with well-dressed ticn was' large, though the church would have accom- silver-ware of the v&lue of $300 or $100, and at the need not be made.l/•worshippers.modated a third m^re than were present. ' "-> The Rev. J. P . Hovey preached at the Madison-Square Presbyterian Church,yesterdaymorningand evening. Thia-church has been closed f-.dr weeks. Dr. Adams's return from Europe is looked for in Octo-sarxe.time, the adjoining premises, occupied by Rev. Even if u contraiy.rnle hud been adopted prior to 1(155, since that time the mode In.which the record of conviction is directedChas^ Cloavland, Rector of the Episcopal Church at to be made up would render such recital nncocessary.Resolution that Fourth aveuie; from Thirty-fourth street t<y Fortieth street.be known as '• Murray Hill Parks," and djrect- 2!)th, mdse. und pn*s. to Livingston. Crocheron At Co. Aug :i!, ut ii or tl e Street CommUsiouer to number the »ame in acoordancuCHURCHES IN NitWYORK.East New-York, was also entored and despoiled of silkdretsesandbedlinen,worthabout$G0,-itwaspresumed,That act (St-sg. Itt,'i5, ch. 2fili) directs tho foim of the record of conviction to be in this respect as lollowg: " That tho prlsouer wasbroughtbefoiethejnoticeonthechargeofbeingavagrant, and thut upon diligent inquiry,* &c , it uppeurini; that the said9 a m-. Capo HH't-ras bearing W. S. W. distant 31, miles, passed herni brig Ben Dunning of Portland stanuiug, N. and B.ShipPatrickHenryMoore,LondonandthefateofWightJuly26, mdse and pass, to Grinned, Minturn At Co. Jkly 29, lat. 48 lb,Ion 8 16, exchanged signa's with ship Clara Wheeler,icle bound 8W-V.; Aug. 4I, lat. 46 26. 1Icon. 24 14,..exchanged signals with a Ruh-s;ian Corvet;te, bound 1E. with in company with Ham. ship Don un and piut<'d with compauy 1 company 14 09 10U.-1427.Aug. 15. in lat.Ship Resolute, Freeman, Liverpool July 25, mdse,thereto. "- »•'••' Bcard'of Councilmen, June 11, 1860. ' -. . Adopted. . . Board of Aldermen. August 13,1860.-Ou ayes and noes oondurr.od in.Be»olutlon that tne sidewslk on the noith side of Ihirty-'ev-enth street, between Second and Tbi'd avenues, be d«g<e<i tne full width, where net already done, and thut an ordinance tor UK> sumo be adopted. •Ayes and noes adopted. • \Board of Aldermen. August 13, I860.On ayes und noes adopted. 'Resolution that a receiving basin und culvert be built on Uieisouth, ast comer of Woahington snd Cedar streets, under MW» direction of the Croton Aqueduct Department, and that an ordl-ber.Services in the Presbyterian Church, in.Fifth ave-robbery was obtain d until a week^ago, when a mannamed Wm. Garbutf was married to a young worn111 when it is not required that the justice should tncort in the recordMeantime, D r , Hitchcock occupies the pulpit.' land, has undergone no al'e'raticns during the SummerI.'- -vacaiion. Indeed, the property s unders;ood to be for nue', corner of Nineteenth street, were conducted by btated by a party at the * bridegroom's house, .and athe particular grounds on which the charge of vagrancy Is based it cannot be necessary- to recite them in the commitment.The words defining the particular causes of vagrtmcy;may therefore bo regaidtd us surplusuge, and. the charge of being a vagrant and being committed thereof la sufficient., and pa»s. toWilliams At Guion. Aug. 5, James Ward of Londonderry, toll , BoaTd of Councilmen, March 26, I860.«saresiding at East New-\ ork, whi^h marriage wes cele- sale, as the' society is dssirous oi a location further uj>- Dr. Samuel Alexander, yesterday morning, on account, silver cup, with the name of Cleavlnnd engraved on it,Horn the jtoboom und was drowned. Aug. V7, lat 43,Ion 47 10, hlgnaled an Am. corvetfe running eaitward. Aug. 21, lat' 42 27, tin. 57 40, signaled Br. brig Otollo, from Cuba for St. John's, N. F .Ship Jeioiniuh Thonipson, Bluke. Liverpool :)5 days, mdse. and puss, to Samuel Thompson's Nephew; Aug Li, lat 44, Ion. AI20', i-igualedBr.shipEliza,fromPlymouthforQuebec,18daysout; Aug 14, hit. 41 30, Ion. 48 80, nigualed ship Excelsior, hence for Liverpool.. . .. ' , ...'towni A largs number of atraogers were in attend it was xaid, of the indisposition of the Rev. Dr. Kirk- was noticed by one of the guests. This fact was commu- The prisoner iMnot without means of reviewing tho judgmentappealed from, and 1 do not feel at liberty, under the proceeding, nicatedtoMr.C,andledtothesuspicionthatGarbutt toreviewthuttrial. Atanyrate,Iamnotwillingtodischargeit wasimplicatedintherobberies. Somebedlinenthat prisonerbecausethefucta.necessarytobeprovenarenotrecitedin the commitment,,ance,|hutasmanyoftheregular congregation have notyetretnmed\totowntliechurchwasbynomeansnsneeforthosamebeadopted•Boiird of Councilmen, Aug. 18, I860. '. On uyes and noes ttdopteo.Board of Aldermen. July 20, lt!W>., - fpa?rick, who had been advertised * to speak; waaavcrylargeattendance. ..Therecrowded, a fifth oT the space beiu g trnoccq^ued. Wliile •The*Scotch Prctibyterian. Church on Fourteenth was identified as belonging to Mr. Cleavland, was sub- . 1 concur with the views of M,r. Justice Sutherland, in the casethe aasoaxbjy was combg in ths organ hcexthod forth st'ett, which has been cloeed five weeks, during which sequently discovered hanging in tho yard of Gurbntt's of Catharine Forbes, so fur UK they are expressed, us to whut IK necessary to be putelu In ord<n- to make out the offense, andt-hli£p YorkHhlro, Fairbanks, Liverpool July 21, mdse.and pass. to C. H Marshall At Co. Aug. 16, on Virgiu Rocks saw fishing sclirs.Biyi-r,8.monthsout,«6<iquou'tali;bwando'wh84day 600q-.lfl. K. Cl. Brooks, - ., s out,strains of ir>xpiring music, whe 1, after a hymn liad beenmng,Dr.Chapin'read thexxxivthPsalm,com-coarte of the Lord: p>y heirt ai ioj tjw Uv'wg God."time•alterationshaveboonmadeinthegallerioH,.and house;andonthisevidencehewasarrested,andhis unless,onareviewolthecaHc,itshouldappearthatalltliefuctu necessary to constitute the Offense me proven, the convictionshouldbereversed; bu'.as I donotconsidertijutallisuoh.factadaysout,700qtls.;HopeofEssex,100 .|11M. 1h«.ioikriiiiewaabecalmedJ(»daysInlor,50..S"ffitW»» basinanddnlvertMa/Wjlontho noiVhe It corner of Washington und Wberty streets under ihji dTrectiori,^fX CrotonAqueductDepAituieut, and-thutaaorO.J,Lord cf *ho»t»! My aoul longetb, ^ e ^ even fauitetii hr tnetbechurchpaintedboth in&idetandout,wasopened yetterday,theRev.JosephMcElroy,thepastor,premiseswerosearched,whennearlythewholeofthe propertystolenfromMessrs CleavelandandHydeshould'noc'eisarilyhqrecitedInthecommitineut, I foelboundto. %9T&jr***' <MM ti ;TRIBUNE,:::--;MONDAY,t i6-' 3 , 1866.,m^ n:mmm^i•m&ww^JMJl:?•»•?'*m^TMm^---^^^.-. •PL YMOUTHCHURCH.. ...fttHi*.'.and evening. The church has been closed butonerwiSabbath.audience made up largely of strangers..tilled,and the •/•"for judgement granted nnlesn the defendant pay the cost? to be taxed, or d *10 costs of this motion,.and serve an amended an- swer within t*n days after service of copy of thia order.UNITED STATES COMMISSIONER'S OFFIrCeEt—sSnrr. 1.— - Before Commissioner NJEWTOW.COMMITTED FOR J'ASSinO COUNTBRFEIT COIN. Joeeuh 8alle and Rott*y Lario, Italiana, were com- mitted for trial on a cbsrjre of passing counterfeit quarter dollarsT h echurchw a sabout halfBark 8. W Holbrook (oft Portland), Luaeombe, Matanma I t ,rcThe Rev. Henry Ward Beecher having relmrned1,therewere*'117deaths in Brooklyn.weremen,20women,40boys,and41girls. Ofthe MATTISON-FULLER—Attheresidenceofthebride'sfather,CHURCHES IN WILLIAMSBURGH.HO'CSTONT. P.Cox.Many of the churches in Williamsburgh that haveBremen;- E.W. 'flDgard.Oxford.Mi»si Wm. C.Burns,New- York; lose A. Garcia, ISpain: Mr*. (J. Montag. Mrs. Anna.,../„:'i-.-.Mf)tf*J,*«'^ *:-•• " . "..."'• »-•JSSSS:-'? (Bj»w '• '• £& )i; •" •• :•'/: •'.>-'. '5EHBNEW- OTBDErtBW-TflM.Baker,daughterofthelateP.N.Rust,ejiq.,ofSyracuse, BTTROTMRTT.*.-—OriSamrdajrnight$80worthofTheheathennations,-withalltheirphilosophy,never"...MayCTOWupintohim,inallthings:whichisthemonConncilChamber—theSupremeCourt^roomNewYork. ' '•», Schj.Ttlegraph,Nickerson,Boston3daya,linseedtoT.O.£^ootaandnht>r«wereeazrledoffbymrglara froroUieatoreNo arivedatit. ThattbeinfiniteGodthronedonhighbeyond ^11 space, whose glory all things proclaim, that hy "Vr'rn. Walnh aa a Honor ttore wah-eotered by burglara oa the he ren*mb*-rs us continually with his love, and is al-head,evenChrlat."being in an unfit state for occupancy.'- . m —'.-mo«ter .BERTINE—In Brooklyn, on Sevnn^h Day, Ninth Month, 1st, A. L. B owe. " 'religion as something which gives them a title to IIea- lifted pr*yer. Thia truth of God's providence which ven; as if the devil were some sneaking thing going Jacob saw aa applicable to an individual and a race, the about to snatch 'from man his title to a property. Or TV Ou Editor 0 / TJU 2C. Y. Tribv**. I Christian sees aa applicable to all men and all mankind. as if a man had an estate, to which another claimantContTolkrcaredforhim, and would respond to his_npIke girl waa diaobarged.SIR: Please correct e»ror in relation to the nnfor- The intercommunion of God with man is the greatAgent.ence between the. two worlds ia a difference byaDdby, ana enjoy themselves. Still other m*n's BROOKL YN, A N D WJLLtAMSBURGH of essence and quality, . and living our life as religion bears about the same relation to their whole Ther*gnlar religions seaso a-waa opened yeaterd^y, God requiresna to live we may be continual tenants of life and character that a farmer's, garden does'to hisvited to attend the funeral at fhe residence of her son. No 56 Schr. Richard Law, Satteriy, Baltimore 5 daya, coaLPresident street. South Brooklyn, on Mondav. September 3, at Scbr. Harriet Ann, N e -ell, Mwbiaa 8 days, lumber to master, rtroth of Christianity. Not read by the light of thistruth, history, ia like a shoreless ocean, and all thatflcata upon it, fl"at9 without ruoder, without compass,without pilot. The text indicates that the relation be-tween heaven and earth is not a distant or a strangerelation. W e apeak of earth and heaven as of thetn-ning of a page—as one very much- like this-r-as in-SERVICES YESTERDAXt IN NEW-YORK, dicating only apace and time. But the differ- towhich, if anything should happen, they may retirea*U|»,>©nrar«wp*rtfuny, J\8 » NICHOOSON, "m Stew- York Balance, Jocfc Co., Sept. 1, IatsoVr m e mofit ei>eonragii'g ci) cam*«tHn'cee. The many Heaven. Dr. Chapin next 'enowed that the law of "fchol© farm. Here he has finer vegetables and fruits inqutat. »• - • « ' - . ' iSAILED—Steamshipi New- York (Brem ), for Bremen;Ham- monia, of and for Hamburg; Bienville, for Havana and .New-Or- leans ; Glasgow, for Liverpool; Ariel, for Aspinwall; Chesapeake, for Savannah Augn*ta fer Savannah; R. R. Coyler, for Savan-true growth,"from above and from beneath, waa re- $&, if anywhere, flowers, while all the. fields are full solemn t*mpks which have been as quiet: through vealed in the vision of ascending and descending angela. of marketable commodities. A great many peraoi-a••.'GRAND LARCENY.—Ann Elh's, alias Dnffy. waa ar-Snnuntr as tbe bomes <A the iead beside them, and JMwfa eheriBhed their tyn& and beanrifal ivy—naf.ore's «jn>hol of confidence and ":wptradon—until it ^ ha&vIn allspiritual growth from Gofi came the help and have gardens ofpiaty 'While the large fields of t lirreafi on'Saturday on a charge of stealing $41 from Mary Ore^ley of No. 13 Van Brunt street. The accused visited theO'CONNOR—At Saratcga Springs, on Friday, August 31, nah ;Marion, for Chariton; Potomac, for Baltimore 5Patapsco,The apostle, saidstrife for fulness of character, and calling the discple toaChristianlife,whichahould bepermaneUt,broad, and noble. In this character are five elements: pereua- ai *enees, compiehansiven^ss, cooperation and harmony, power, .and, lastly, permanence. This wbirk of Chnat in the soul is to include every e'ement in the soul, and every element in human life. Some men think only ofJulia E , infant I»ughter of Peter O. and Sarah J. Bepine, Schr. Hajnor, Salisbury, Calais 10 days, lumber to Sinrpaon k. .aged 4 months and 7 days. . , : - ;.'«'. Ma>bew.blessing; from man the effort and aspiration. Was not character are without a flower or a fruit. A man can-all prayer Jacob'e ladder—aepirationa going^up and not parcel off a little place and say, here I will have, hor.sf of Mrs Greeley on Thursday afternoon, and during {Mrs. Bin relatives and friends, also those of bis brother, Charlesfor Portland: Monticello, for Washington. D. C.Ship* Jamer Foster, jr., for Liverpool; Morcia C. Day, fax U T -erpbol. .. ' . ' RmTKMjn.—Bark Express Lundberg, hence for Havana, hav- ing, on the 2ytb, when about 70 VnlJes from Sandy Hook, broken the -chrometer, returned to ontain another, and would proceedG'a tempoiary absence made off with the property. blessings coming down—God and man mingling? .my piety, and out there I will have my business, and — m • •O'Connor, and brother-in law , Owen W . Brennan are respect- fully invited to attend the funeral, without further notice, from No 88 Elm street on Monday" morning, at 10J.o'clock, to S t P a t ick's Cathedral, where a solemn high masB of requiem will be celebrated for the repose of his soulwresubeditselfabou^thevery••door-porta,orclimbed Howdoestruthcomeintotheworld?Generallysoli- mypolitics;itmaydo-infarming,butnotinreligion. NARROWESCAPE.—Aladwhilebathingatthefoot •k>^ to henven by wuy o! the Bpirfe; the mioy tarily. Tomenwhostandontheupwardroundoftbe There n>ua->heaChris'ianization of theT3oul,andof ofFultons+rev-tonFriday nigttwas seized with cramp)?, and•oBiibrtable pla:-ea coiuecjated to- the holieat lander^ who see the constellations rise before they are each of its separate faculties. Worship must be Chris-came near being drowned*. lie-was rescued by Mr. James B. Manfield who brought him to tho store andi recn»itated him.immediately.' ' • ' • •b«en achieved. Tne d-s j.^uri-e. was clcsed by a refer .ence to what should be the influences of the sanctiary. A myetic ladder is in the house of God by whiJh we clitub'to bim a i d by whiih he comes down to us. Godgr>»nt,.aaid Dr. Chapin, that we may experience thia; . and if we do we shall say, as Jacob did: " The Lordistiere; this is none other than the gate of Heaven." The Bkerlcer-strcct Universalis Church, corner of1The Rev. A. A. Willets, pastor of the Joralemon- •Aained windows Sommer santeta have wrought ittvine Downing street, was reopened yesterday for morning strcet Dutch Reformed Church, resumed his laboisoccur ed between Hose'Co'a. Nos. f and 3. A proposed fightt»pe«try, and Summer birds have sang songs of hope and evening 'service's: The attendance in the morning yesterday." , .47 years, 4 moutht and 12 days.VOS8—In this city, on Friday. August'21, Christopher Voss, anative of the Kingdom of Hanover, aged 83 years and 1month.WILLIAMS—On Saturday evening, September 1, Mrs. Eliza-side, boufe on deck; had been recently abandoned. -SLip Walter ScoU (of Bath), Hatch, Sunderlaad July 18, coalato ma«»er.Ship Ontario Hosmer, Liverpool 39 days, coals and salt tofrom the branches over the graves, once again are was rather slim, but the. edifice waa well filled in. theThe South Congregational Church, the Rev, Rufus W. Clark pastor, was reopened, and the services at- tended by a very large congregation.At the church on the Higbte, the Rev, James Eels preached in the morning and afternoon. .filled with the bam of lasy pntitesce, the murmur ofredoubled resignation, the io< enee of thankful hearts,the sweet vok**» of charity an*I love. The bells rang tng from Matthew, 10th chapter, 28th verse, his subjectbeth Williams, in the 7)tbyear oilier age. "Her friend*, and those of her sons, Thomas D. and William B.LiverpoolJuly27,mdse.andp u s w t ojLpreached from 19th Psalm, 7th verse, and in the even? •ut across tie hvases of tb« rich and poor, the happy being '"Destruction of soul and body in hell."SPECIAL ELECTION.—Aid. Christie having resignedbis seat in the Board of Aldermen- in Jersey City, aspecial election is to be held on Tuesday, in the Fourth *the 4th inst, at 1 o'clock, p. in".Ship It dependence, Lovell. Boston 4 daya, in baRaAttonoaater.Bara Atalanta (Brem.), Horstmaun, Bremen43 daya, mdse. andi' pass.-toHeiirlijgs, Mul.er k Gosling. July 24, lat 5917, Ion. 1 41, spoke bark Theresa, Hohorst, \front Bremen for New-York 5- July 2tJ, lat. 60 11, Ion. 4 57. sptke Ham. ship Humboldt, from HamburgforNew-York;Aug.9,l»t41,26,-lou.3024,pasaedship1evening. In the morning, tbe Rev. Moses BallonGrinnell, Minturn it Co. Ship Emr-ire,, Coombs, Zerega k Co. .and the foriaken, inviting all joys and all sorrows to Christ Church, Murray Hill, corner of Fifth ave-mingleattV-eShrineofeWnilmeroy. Theearnest nueandThirty-fifth atreet,waareopenedfordivinepeals thrilled through the golden aunahice to the service yesterday morning, .the Rev. F . L.Wiley, Summer season. ,. . . .Services in the Methodist Churches were' conducted Ward to fill the vacancy. Meetings were held onasubual,havingbeenuninterruptedbytheheatoftheFridayBight,andthefollowing nominationswere made:Pnsacngcrs SailedIn tteamihip New- York, for Bremen and SovthampPm~~Wm. Seb^stop-,1, tteerina E . ; same day. lat. 48 15. Ion. 81, spoke abinBrig Flying Eagle, Hutchinson, Liverpool July 14, caala to seoffor, awaking a" mother a mimitrelsy, drowned The Rev. Urban C.Brewer having returned from a been shut for the past fix or.eight weeks were re- A resoluion wasoffered in theDemocratic meeting Mey-r, Henry Meyer, John H S Her, Henry Lohse, Henry Koetl 61rersuhn. Aug.2, lat 4437 lorn 3143,signaled an Am.Honnessr y. Newark, N. J.; 97 in the steerage.—Total, 154.— About$300,000Inspecie.•*Pnnaensers-ArrivedCroton. At first his congregation was rather meager, Messrs. Sylvester Si Taylor, proprietors of the res;aurant andsa- sister, J. Heydock, D. Vbil and wife, A. D. Leavey, Mr Back- sonsfledfromtheshadowoftleapiCHandwentafter discourseonthesubjectof"Faith, which he*aid looncornerofHudsonandMontgomery streets, chargingthera man J H.Strauss.J.S.Samneia, S.Samuels, J.CoUen.G A. butashewaxedwarmonthesubjectof"nnamlter- withvi.lati-gtheordinanceprohibitingihesaleofliquoronthe- Mencen,RHoajr,W.Minturn,RevMr.Kerrigan,J.Town-their children's voices ringing indomesticaccord am^ng thai had been afforded. Blessing, affliction, prayer, ated Ctoton," his hearers aogmentsd in point^of num. Wm. W . Graham, keeper of a drinking saloon at the corner h'.n; XV. Hender-on. Mrs. Gillet aid child, Cbas. Pe*rce aud . Schr. E. W . Babcock Bobin»on Westerly 2 daysr stone.madeshequietnessmorepleaaintandoeautifnltosome, wasoccupiedbytheRev.Theodore Frolingnuyaenactedaaanescorttoth»jNationalUnionAssociationof more tiresome and dreary to others. They offended Wbire, who will preside over the congregation until after the close of the Summer solstice, Edward Fal-. Jersey City. The procession numbered 140 men, and theheer-^laasesinthegardensontheBowery,and thereturn'oftheRev.Dr.CheeverfromEorope. conerthewell-knownandirrepressibletemperance washeadedbytheSeventhRegimentdrumcorpsoftheir noise against tbe tables and their noise against Many members of. the congregation being still absent lecituier and street preacher, again ma^e his appear-ance in that open tabernacle, the Park, and commencedeach other-remonstrated agaiwt rach desecration of in the country, the attendance was not very large.the' day. And to escape those ireadfnl bells soma .per- Mr. White, in the morning, delivered an excellent dilating to a crowd on the virtue and blessings of pure been lodged before Recorder Tilden of Jersey City against Eveiett,N. Seelev, Walter Morris, )olm Dilon, W . Willi, andSchr.WilliamGray.Buell,Portland2days,stone. gayer tones in the country—th< 1 tones of their own and God would always give when man used the means Sabbath The examination is to tt»ke place this we^k.- ' s-nd, A . G Chapman, R. A . Brinkerhofr" W Anson, B. Kelly- - Schr Gleam, Hallock. Nortbport 2 days.the treea of"the gre*n woodsy he tones of tbe fiddle and practice, were ail Known by the speaker, in theblending with^e cries of Lirie departing to another Sexamer, and the wail of wa:ers after their departing *warmtb.T h e h o l i d a y o f t h e g o o d p a s t w a a n d t h s i r p e o p l e h a a hs Kmit fixed by the rnle of tl e world. l?he recrea- tionofbodyandspiritisasote.'It isnotsomuch cnxioua.as interesting to observe how closely religion conforms to fashion, defers to its wise regulations, and oSeys its just decrees, and so I y assimilation gains the 'vantage-ground of influence. The quiet persuasion of a holy example follow? the pleasure-seeking crowd toI their own gidoy haunts. & freshing his mind and Body for dories more arduots,c-^mpllcited,andun- recognized, than thoae of any other profession, andgaini3g strengih for new toils and sacrifices from the majestic repoae of Na are, the city preacher is enabled to show toe merriest of the seat-ids loungers that the highest ideal of life is noVinconsiat-nt withbers. Such assemblages being in open violation of the of Hr.dron ami Yor* streets, was 'charged with sellipg liquor on wife, R. B. VV«re, S. Wing, Chas. Legay, T. C. Meigs, G. A . Schr. Tille E . Small. Dijrbton mdse. for Poughkeepsie.course of his argument,-to be means of faith. , TheMethodist Protestant Church, in AttorneySunday and •upon appearing befoie Recerder Tilden, was fined law, .the officer stationed in the Park reported the mat- $10. \Campbell, and 200'in ste»rsge. J Schr. Senator Brown, Digbton, udse for Poughke^psie. In tteamihip Cahawba: from New-Orleant and Havana..—• Schr. S^rah, Holden, Roeklaiid 4 Jays,. lime to master.ter.atheadquarters andreceivedinstructionstoappre-Miw'I.Rlordan,MiesL.Riordan,F.Wohleir., Miss D.Woh-Schr.Eldad,Dayton,Norwalk2days. SchrCaspian,Porter,Richmond.V'a.,3dayo,flourtoorder. Schr.Empire.HowellAlexandriafidays,coaLSchr. Alfred T. Clark, Colo, Virginia 3 days, potatoes.S l o o p C i i o , S t e a - v e n a , T a u n ' o n 3 d a y s .hin,W.Hughes,JCook,JohnFox,lady,childandtwoserv- street,having-beenpainted,cleansed,andputinhendFalconer,whichbedidwithoutdeiay.Theac- COMMITMENTSTOTHECITYPRISON.—Marshal ants;CButtersW.HFairchild.ladyandchild;Mai>.R.t h o r o u g h r e p a i r , w a s r e o p e n e d y e s t e r d a y , d i v i n e s e r -cused wastaken before Justice Steers, andheld t<>bail inthesumof$300toanswerthechargeofviolationofEllis reports that 188 perse ns were,committed to theiCity Prison i n J e r s e y C i t y , f o r t h o m o n t h e n d i n g o n F r i d a y . T h e f o l l o w i n g aie'heprincipalchaiges: Drunk 3d:drunkanddisorderly.44;Trimble. Chaw Robello, J. P. C. Thompson, T. A. Ritchie, Dr. A . A r a n g o , 5 . L a c O s t e , t w o bo-« s ; A M u n o z a n d s e r v a n t , J . M > noz,J M.Piedra,J.Corojo,M.Gurman,H Gurman. L.Gan-seatsinthischurcharefree,andthecongregationia pretty large.» The Rev. Mr. Frothingham having returned from his tour., preached yesterday morning and evening in the Hall,onthenorth-eastcornerofBroadwayandthirty- second street, to a large congregation.restfrompastorallaborsforamonthormore,theRev. Greenpoint-avenue, on Wednesday .evening ,next, SUPREME COURT—CiiAMBBus—S2l"r, 1.—Before JusticeThere will he a Lincoln and Hamlin Grand Maap and St.George'sChurch,Stuyvcsaid Square.—After a Ratification Meetingatthe GrconpointWigwam,•and8fternoon•fervicebytheRev.Mr.Homan. Dr. THE GARIBALDIFU.VD.—TheconcertgivenonFri- Thisisacasepreciselysimilar to onebeforeJusticeTyng delivered a discourse in the morning, taking for day night, in behalf of the Garibaldi fund, at'Musical Sutherland, a few dajn ago, in which the prisoner was discharged;MARINEJOURNAL.and Justice Sutherland's views on which have beeu publi»h<jd. them-85cheerfolinterefatinallitsdetails.He histhemethewords"LookinguntoJesus."•Com- Hall,wasapecuniaryfailure..AHtheartistswereBythofollowingitwillbeobservedthatJuuticcIngrahamdirferaPORT OF NEW-YORK....SstPT. 1,ThQ Sixteenth.BaptistChurch, m Sixteenth street,' near the Eighth avenue, haviog been thoroughly ie- painteo, was re'-#ened fordiviae service yesterday, the.Ludlum At Heinckeii, Uienvillrt, Bullock, Havana. Livingston St' Ciocbcron. R. R. Cuyler, Crocker. Savannah. H. B. Cromwell & Co.; Marion, Foster, Charleston, Spofford. Tileston AtCo.; Poto- mac. Crocker, Baltimore, H. B. Cromwell At Co.; Patapsco, Vail, Portland, H^ H. Cromwell At Co.; Monticello, Gager, Alexandria, H. B. (.omwell-At Co.Ships—M.C.Day,Chase.Liverpool, Walsh,Carv«r&Chase; Thornton, Collins Liverpool. Williams At Guion; Atlantic, Williams' New-Orleans, W . T. FrohtBoiks—Arzac, Seals, Cork and a market Al Wendt At Co ; Co- lumna. Gibhs, Aspinwall, D. Swift A.-. Co.; J. L. Davis, Savannah, McCieady,MottAtCo;S.Moxley.jr..Holdridge, St Mark's Smallwood. Kale AtCo'; Young America, Collins, Havana, Tri- yello At Bustell.Taunton Insured in tho New-Redfod Insurance Company. Miip Liberty, Atkins, hence for N1ew Orleans ran ashore oa the Moselle Bank 15h i"st. She was got off-after dischargingpari of her cargo into wreckers, and arrived at Nassau 16th to set- tle Kxlvape. . . . . . .The bark Indiana Huu'er, of and from Savannah for Havana,' withacargoofrice,lumber,Ate.waswreckednearWood'sCay, Great Bahama, 11th inst T oe rice was nearly all saved, a portion in a damaged state. Vessel a tot\l loss.T* Mariner*.Rev. W . S. Mikela, pastor, being greeted morning and On t i e occasion of t i e reopening of the' Church ofhas jtirifcdictijn of the matter, no relief should he afforded in of r*ligi n perfornied without show of form, are per the Mediator, corner of Lexington avenue and Thir- notified tbe officers of the Fourth Precinct' Police of this proceeding.the mysterious disappearance of her grand-daughter, hie, when he dismisses his fanuliar (8ometimbu tx>fa- with a large congregation. Services were held morn- aged about twenty years." She stated that the youngIt isopparont, therefore, that I should only inquire whether the Justice had jnrisdictlou of the prisoner, aod whether he has committed the prisoner for un offence defined in any of the stat- utes of the State. I think there can be.no doubt oa'both points. The jurisdiction of tho JustBco making the commitment Is not2xap9, tbe happiest part of tbe h«rd-worked city pastor'stieth street, yesterday morning, the edifice was filled,last, and bad not since returned. Officers were de-tailed to investigate the affair, and learned that she ha'idbeen to the store in Division street on the day men-lhe offense of which the prisoner wascommitted'is aitatedas follows, vir,: " W h o stands charged before m e with beiog a va- grai.t, viz.. an idle person, wh«> not have visible ineaaa'to m'aiu-Cuitis. < Jibraltar and Malta, Yutes, Porterfield AtCo.; R. Brown (Br.), Wrenn, Halifax, H G. Donovan; a. C. Dyer, Turner, Sfc. Pierre, R. P Buck At Co.; KneTgy, Depass, Mobile, E . D . Hurl-the Lighthouso on the Outer Minot'c- Ledge, ono of thn Cohasset Rocks.The tower is of a dark gray granite, 30 feet in diameter at tbe»had entered a carriage, which was driven oft" Thefense us provided by/the frtatutd. *By ih« Revised Statutes (vol. 1,C<>2) an idle person who, notsince that time ehe has been frequently visited by himCharleston, McCready. Mo»t At Co.; Sarah Elizabeth, Smith, New-Haven, muster jHernden, Gaskill, Washington, Brown, De Koss'ettAtCo.;^.TConquest,Bullisk,Hartford,Dunham.At D i m o n ; 1 s a b e l A l b e i t , T o o k e r , B a l t i m o r e , M e r r i l l At A b b o t t : H . Lewis, Gavitt Providence, master; A. L Wobb. Webb, Mar- sala, Lawrence, Giles AtCo.-,Surprise, Cole, Alexand it, Saflbrd k Dodge; E. Rickey, Tice, Phihdelphid, James Hand: Lottie,aeoeing-,"Howamiab!eareMhjtabernacles,Oa :d my fleah cricth out preaching in the morning from Luke, XV: 10: **There, was discovered, together with nine pawn tickets, u'ar on i's fwc<-, i'ii(l t i e decision of the Justice cannot be r<?- »l>ip llazuuc bound W .nancefiXthewmiebe'^"P^fBoard of Alderman. July 20, 1*00. On ayoa and no*s adoptedBoard of Coonoilmen, Aug. 18, labW.0» ayes aad.noea miopt'd.• j'ia joy in the presence of the angels of God over one j Which it is believed will lead to the recovery of the re-.^ versed in this proceeding.The pt-itoner must he remanded.- .• '-.thip Francis B. Cutting, Uoloavj/', Liverpool July 27, mdao. to Poht, .^uiith A;Co.port-paid.:•;../-••• '-,Address,:'.-•-.'»r••*"'• t• : • : ' • ; .• • • • • :: ^ - * * ! $ $ $ & .; SaO!fc]'S •.6 - • <"-.',-'-, m'Br«tt. S<n AtCo.'; J. Lawrence, All«n, Boston. Dayton At Co.. Sloop—Phenix, Shepperd, New Haven, matter.Steamor—J. K. Thompson, Dougherty, Baltimore.n&%*$ •? jBSntXXS »:.The name of the young woman to whom the accusad wasmarriedissuppressedforthereasonthatshebe- longs to a highly respectable and well known family in East New-York, and she is entirely absolved by the parties robbed from even the suspicion of any knowl- edge or complicity in the robbery.GRAND-STREET RAILROAD COMMENCED,—The workof const, ucting a railroad on Grand street, ao long de-layed in consequence of tie sewer-building <hat hasbeen going forward on the line of the proposed road, willcircuit.'''"'.y • \-••' ••' ';"•to Bnehwick avenue will be completed, and in runningappeared for the.Government, and James Ridgway for the de-o'clock yesterday morning, a fire broke out in the. Kerosene Oil Works of Messrs. H . O. Jones & Co., situated in Kent avenue, footofRushstree*,E..D. Itwascausedby aleakinone_of the pipes through which the liquid passed, causing an oxploriou ofon«of the Rtills.- The damage was confined m«,jnly to the1 part of the,premises in which 'he explosion took place^ The loss is e< {mated »t $2,500, which is covered by ihHurance in the Ful- ton Insurance Co. of New-York, and the Atlantic of Brooklyn.PARKER—On Saturday, September 1 of a lingering illness. Sarah,wifeofTbomasParker,aged»5years.The friends of the family are respectfully invited to attend ber funeral at the residence of heir son, Charles Parker, inPut nam, near Classen avenue, Brooklyn on Monday, a t zjo'clock,p. ro. •STARR—At th« residence of his son. Charles J. S'arr, In Stam-E', 18 miles, and about 12 miles from t le land, passed a schr. of consumption' Esther Ann, widow of Nelson B. St. John, aged* about 10V tuns ups«t; had white mist headii, painted black out- ,white, and blue lamps; ah'O the Bell-Ringers, who*j:8undcrl,tt1^Bark Lucy Ring, Gray, Hav,ma 14 day., .agar to J. M. CobtJ>Brig Wm. M. Groton Tibheta, JackaonvDle 10 ten naval storestoC.H.Pkrsonk Co. TM"*"» 1DKn*Brie.Cygnet(Br.).Barnes,Sackville,N.B.,12**?*,^onato P. I. Nevius L Son. *-»-««»•«»Ofttieee*16principal causesof death were cholera infantum, 22;- L.- Fuller, esq, in South Berlin, Rensselaer County, New-•;•-'.'<.•.•Dodee. • T**T Scnr. L. S. Davis, AlleB, Savannah 7 days, cotton to Jonasl Smith & Co. ^ Scbr.KichardBullwicklft,French,Rockliind4Aty*,Mas* ^New-York.SELLINY; L'QUOR ON SUNDAY,—A complaint haa A. Williams, .N. Rawson. Mr Kennison, mfi and infant; I*.L.I >," '* ''•'.'••SloopAmerica,Stedman, Providence2days,mdse.tomaster. vicebeinghadmorning,afternoon,andevening.The theCityOrdinancerelativetotheassemblingofa assaultandbatteryf 17;.habitualdrunkards,A;drunkand dora,J.L.Martinez,J.MCastenado,Mrs.S.Staal,Mra.M. Steamer.Westchester,Jones,Providence,mdse.toIsaacvagrants.4;drunkandfighIng,5;fighting,10;stealing 24;stab- bine.1;adultery,3;keepirgadisorderlyhouse 1;bu-glary,1; picking pockets, 1; passing counterfeit money, 2: atrem.pt to rob, 3. Nativity-Ireland, lis .United States", 1; Scotland, 3; Ger- many, 7; England, 7; Fra ice, 1; Canada, ) ; colored, 9. The numberofarrestsforthenlontbdfAugust, 1859,was6'9;incronse thopresentyear,119.LA W INTELLIGENCE Salmons. :OdelL ' „ . SteamerWamsutta, Arey,New-Bedford, mdse.and faai.tomaster .Steamer Delaware, Johnson, Philadelphia and Cape May, mdse.and posa. to F . Perkins.BELOW—1 pljipoil'shoreatsunsetintow. SAILED—ShipCorraLinn;barkArzac, both anchoredatS.:sentence a-ises lrom the use of. v printed form of commitmentBradbury, Miller, Mobile N. II Brigham. mounted by a bronze lantern 22 feet " inches high, making thei Sc) ooners—Ann Maria, Haitfck, Cnracoa. R. B.Eldredge; W . toial bight of the structure above mean low water 112 feet %S. Copes, Simmons, Elizabeth City, J G. Williams: T . P . Bar- inebes.^ ' •_ , . 'vtrnundthepii,soiiov,onthegroundthuttheconuniuiientisreg- vShipAmazon,Hovey,LondonaudInleofWightAug.1,indie, and pass toE..E:.Morgan.. A ug. 21, l»t. 425i>, Ion. 56 41, p ^ e dKMUntitled Document-i •••fendants._ . .'DECISION.1x, b,,y, t..h.e .R.e.v I. Poisal, Mr. John W. DuckworthtoMiss Sarah Pauline Hill both of thia city. -Scbr. Wilmington, Smith Elizabetbport, coal for Boston. 10 o'clock a. m. Carriages will wait at the SoutK Ferry, New- Schr. Eliza Anne, Fhelps. Vjr«ini*. potatoes.riapes will be In readintss to convey frier ds wUhlng to attend, at the corner of Fifty-ninth street and Eighth avenue.LINES—Suddenly, in Williamsburgh, on Friday. August 31 MM. Martha LineB, aged 76 yearB, 3 montbs and 11 days.MURTHV—In this city, on Friday, August 81, Mary Ann. only daughter of Patrick and Bridget Murphy, aged 11 year*, 1 month and 23 days.Y o u n g ?iv patrick. ' liSiOvl'A.l-Joseph M . O'C-mnor. aged 28 years and 7 days.Williams, are respectfully invited to at'end her funeral from her late residence/No 159 West Thirtieth street, on' Tuesday,Vogel, Henry Schmidt, New-Vork. Manfred F . Hulliben, Vir- De Soto of Bath, from N e w Orloansfor Liverpool.Northerni Light, from AnpinvKlU—F.wife, infant and servant; S. T. Dickinson, Miss N. Castillon,IK steamshipMartin,Schr. M V on Nanie^ Van Name Baltimore, coal. Schr. J. A Berry, "Vborhees. Ale.Tandria, coaL Schr. A. D. Clara, Lord. Virginia, wood.Scbr. Empire Moore, Alexnudria, cool.Schr. Independence, baker, Portland 2 days.Schr D w.Sondeie,Mit<:hi)l Brookhaven3days.'Snyder,M^O.Davidson,F.Garcia,J.Eng,M.Azcarraga,J.H. Dnrrutz. -.In steam thip Karnak, from Nassau—Lieut-CoL Bourchiera, R E., E. Merrill, Capt. L H^rton, J. L. Darling. John Darling, JT. S. Howell, W m . Saunders and lady, G. Richards, Thomas Frazer, David Anderson.JH3MATTmBAnSCAlTAO.Sun—Rises.. 5:29|Seta 6:30|Moon-Sets... 7:27A Bark Expres'n, and brig Mary C. Dyer. WIND—Duringtheday,fromN.N.W.By Telegraph.milea, saw a smake out the Cbocnero about f5 tunson her beam e«nda; cooWL,'4i^ e.toJLia*wrenccer.GiiTl«e«7i.Co*'0 barSioTaSrV '^'Str0n«'-*• **<»*» " ^ ^ *•f?* qp«»l-tle« were floating about ^. M Hicks, Greenroao Antwerp July 18, and Fluahln*:. Steamer Vulcan, Morrison, Philadelphia, mdse. Ho J. it Briggs. fcSteamer Albatross, Jones. Providence, mdse. to Isaao Odell,N .' OJ-K."* STmrvsaAJiT 1.1 Regular Pubhc Me»tCE DwASMca SrzRinr... e'VLatm M e e t i n g - Rp;PUBLICAN CLUB TUESDA Y ".EVENING, of Houston acd Aii-i. -..FREDERICSIGIaML'NI TWO ELECTORS ON S. TZCHIItfAll persons' in favor of •tead and Proactive Tor aie requeated to attend.Gno. P. STUTZMAN, JieTwelith Ward iU m««Ung of this Aiso.;i 1U. ING, Sept 4, at 7i o*ctoc ML -_"W I U J A X E - P T B D R , ST h i r t e e n t h U'ltrii meeting 0/ this Associat JNo 422J Grand-»t, on T rosidetUofthe"WardarJAMBS M. Born, HK.VJNinth and Eleven ASSEMBLY DISTRICT Granada Hall, No 112 M H O'clock p. 111. .Adu;.•'*: others. SiLging by they seats for ladies. _' W I L Pi W . 0STXA»(DKR, i o JA-VKS V. KBAXSY; J °T w e n t y - F i m t Wi ING of this Club will b< 7J o'clock, at Headqu&rteW . 1L GROGON, 8e<.. Lincoln and Llbi9R1CT LINCOLN AS JMesting TO NIGHT, at] Hall, No. 178 Pricce-et., 1 tbe audience.WM. PATTKRSOM, 1 ^ W.,CARLOCK,K.in^s County -Rej Theregularmonthlym theirrooms,Mo.9COiat % o'clock. A full 1J. N, STKAJCTS, SecrotAttention.—TheYcCLUU will hold a public! at Hazwood HaU, co .of beaddressedbyR,M.PT h e H o n . H i r a m 1 Union Alertingon 'Id o'clock, at Bleecker BIAII; •t, New-York.- A t t e n t i o n 1 W'id< tVARD WIDE-AWAK. THIS EVENING, at 8 o' on hand. All Repubhcai at this meeting.DAVIDMcAttAX;Secrel —J. 1——W i d e - A w a k e l i e s No. 618Broadway, N. ^ - Awake. Companies In t ill Wadnfcsdat night are re.TO-DAY (Tuesday), at 5 rangements. J-H. WM.M.GimtsyiK,apCeneral Society 01 A s p e c i a l e l e c t i o n f o r 1 cancy occasionedby te Btmting,etq.,wulb.-! WEDNESDAY EVEN! No.472Broadway,atoat• — * : — T - . W e -would call tli totheadvertisement oftl inanothercolumn." - * -L i n c o l n a ClubsFurnishedwm<• 1 45.DOUGLAS Al Cmbs Furnished >»Uh 1for $ 1 65. Address o'i. 304, Albany, N. Y;Xsincoln a n d H u m B o a CliibH.—Uniform* party, by the underkigtes aiaiing of Cap and Cape a-Son 'xorch, the best ma other ixifomvation reUuv BALLOU, JR., Agent. TH a v i n g pnrcha*e< B a d P a c k i n K Coin] CHAS. GOODY EAR'S IbrBiBiard Cusinons. w muxhasers of Billiard 1 Tables made with A ulc Cushions and for the c"Hoenso to apply them to cushion of VulcanizeU Ru «r atrip the name -vt' CHA'thedateofthePat*nt.an will be required to atu.-.b•aelallic plate (which "Charles Goody-ear's Pot June 15,1858." All pari theordinaryVulcanbW-i using or vending the someenr" right and will be JTATENT COMBINATI on Tablea manufacture i iNew-York, Aug. 24,' 186 Phclan'nIMPROVE And CSole ManufactureaW e ffire notice t billiard tables that wethe exclusive right to C year's invention 01 vale which a patent was vsst sndextendedJune15,H i a r e r a o f b i l l i a r d t a b l e . cha*e* of vulcanized ru from Messrs. Phelac iu right wiL be prua«cutedNEW-YORK BfJL' Aagnst J, I860.The Printinu-IIouGEO^RGlvCB.NKRAL 40B PKI.X il{ BLOK BOOK M»VV STATIOXKK*. V^ no Ll-nuHJRAe-M!' .1* CAKI» MANVKI CorrBRVi-A i-E>VKUM-K FlNK ( ; 1 Noa 155,167, 169, anil?!Have^just,issuedtheb.»t Pi«»idetit and Vice Pre.u 4li«> country lor Printing' DSfiru. Their* ^ * ; SPLENOl':>- handsomely mounted 11 su-d l*roce««i»ns, ar» \erj-Hepublican (.'lub-truppUed with the-docurn ltEPUBLlC.VN ONlilS CHARLES SUMNF.ll-s JOHN HICKMAN'S YTHE "I'yiON" we- i "THE MANWHOIK Tho Hon ABRAIIAJ In»titut«, with cooiou. ufew day* ifl extra najul-c Heaaqasrtors of tht' '4>5t'Broadway.•Yoanir Men's ltA'i ttiitt*e't'or><*au,p*ijRa<>(l! tsdoinscupitalRep'ibl:s sirs /i<C*\ it veuts e.t. bArrived....SCNDAT,Sept.2.Steamehio Northern Light Tinklepaugh, Aspinwall Aug. 25, treasureandpass toD.B.Allen.Steamship Yorktown, Parfish, Richmond, kc, mdse. and pass,to Ludlam k H.einckenSteamsnip Jamestown. Skinner , Richmond, kc, mdae, andipass, to Luulum k Heincken. • ' . ' " ' 'Steamship Huntnville, Post, Savannah, mdse. and pass." to ELB. Cromwell it Co.Ship Cornelius Grinnell, Spencer, London and Isle of Wight...'•'19•ffBEK l O f W - Y O A Vi»Y LARGE,Hasjbttahod #**] 8 4 m msjTsmamu, te *f^»«*:aa^ittwriinWw/t - SoaaWio sdareaa of «*-• t{w^ar.iaowwBl^ M ooasrmeae* .a* any f.r. AAdierttaemenU toT.r JtAjL AND- TWXNT' jMmtMtyn. Nothing b»*e!IayohoahedeveryTci-s mm aaumm; Two CopiesTBLE rYEtFOR EURC f* fahBahed on the frfvIMotai$5perarmam,'.. ^'^¥^^0mm$^^f^A•/.v, ., •Thomas M. Tryniski 309 South 4th Street Fulton New York"*»Si'Mwj®.<•!-• - ' > v - ' \ - . . . ; . ; . - • • . -13069www.fultonhistory.com 