 r1"'••'• /vI'IImi li". 1^1 • -ili-W* njr -*-^—'•"*-"•-**yI[I;Aj^bin it has been sU'ea that Mr. Stevens subscribedK-'Above ail, bowevc, a plow Bnouid turn a ciean fai- and tbe Cose of Drains. He spoke of the neceoflity of'K-John Sherman is sounder than William Pennington, oughly, to the tender mercies of the lor is of the Joint a foot wide at top, 4 inches at tbe bottom, and with an annual payments toward a mutual fund, it will be seen wreath of pink flowers as a head-dress." The sovereigns of France are warm friends of his; heiBatthepalacotwoorthreetime*aweek,when-» ever tbe impetial family are in town, and he vmrte *'•r\BOSTON, February U, 1860.The State Bepubhoan Convention will be held at 1 hey have also in press a new work by the Rev. plo) ed, in lieu of a natural wafer-coarse, to receive piaciice cannot be regardea as less instracrrve than hts excavation is but 3 feet dtaij), it will assess the cost to the average being between luf. and 14f. There wereRobert Lowell, entitled, " A Name Never Written: tbe drainage of a farm; but these are the exceptions esfcays have been, and tbo t wo, consulted together, 33J cents, as it costs twice as much to excavate a ditch 18,000 bottles of wine in his cellar. Some of Lord V oreester on the 7th day of March, ten years from ** The Story of Young Hearts that scaled the great to a ;tncrul rule. The variouR kinds of drains were io furnish facte ot universal value and hints as wetl capa- 4 leetaa 3 feet. • Seymour's cotemporarirs, old acquaintances who set Ifce date of Mr. Webster's political decease. Four "mountain three thousand years ago." For the turn de cribed, the lecturer observing- that there might ble of being turned to good account here asm En- lhe comparative cost of stone and tile drains was out in life with bim, c'ubbed together, and purchaseddelegates at large to the Chicago Convention will honor of the male authors 1 am glad to see these be circnmsiances where tales could not be had, aad gland. given; tbe cost of tile drams as above that of stoneW elected, with substitutes. The other delegates new announcements, and 1 hope that the trophies of henr-c these several substitutes could be tolerated as A skech of Prof. Brewer's lecture on tobacco I must drains at more than twice as much, the excavation 100 bottles of bis best wines. They were 20 gentle- will be chosen by distmes s on afterward; at least the authors of Adam Bede, and John Halifax, and makeshift*. In bruah drains, the durab'lity of reserve lor to-moxr6w. being 21 inches wide, an i two lo*t<Js of stones at 25 men in alL They diied together, and 'waked' the tais is 'J>e general understanding, and it oas always Sir Rohan's Ghost will not let them Bleep again. the material depends not so much upon its Cabsius Clay has temporarily left us, but in the cf'nts eacb. making tbe coat of these two items $1 memory of tbeir old acquaintance by an exquisite din-been* the' custom of ail parties in wis State. For Among the foreign books announced by T. etc F . keeping nature as on the physical aod audience we had auotaer celeonty this afternoon to a rod. Then add 25 cents per rod for laying thedelegates at large, I hear mentioned toe names of other chaiacter of the noil. Thus, he br.d known rejiair our loss. Sam Coweli, the comic singer, per stones, and we have $1 2o per rod for stone drains, ner, and his own choice wines. Tbe brief hours ofare a new volume of poems by Coventry Patmore; an instance of while-birch, which one'would think hape attracted by the title of Mr. Tucker's lecture,. against 50 cents for tiles. Judge F. concluded witn dinner were given additional wings by the old mem- John A. Andrew, of Boston, ex-Uov. Boutwell, Holmby House, by G.J. Whyte Melville; tbe Semi- would decay ia a year* having remained in a brush- came and tat it out with as solemn gravity -asi if he an exhortation to fanners to drain with Btones if tilesH->ses Kimball, of "Boston, HOD, Linus B. Coating, detached House, edited by Theresa Lewis, and dram for t-ix years almyst as fresh as when cut. The were not meditating tbe provocation of mirtb' aud c nnot be procured; but not to be satitfied with their ories freshened, and by tbe toasts drunk to the beautiss,5-into the support vf Fillmore What is now known as probably was never before obtained by any associ- as the Whig party here comprises the most thor- ati« n •' individuals.oughly dishonest portion of the population. Their The project comes up io an act which modestly diakonesty is only palliated by their extreme igno- claims to *>e merely a supplement to the charter of tberight side up. This is the objection to the sole-tile,made at Albany and elsewhere, and largely employed.They must be net sole down, and if tbo lot purchaped beA stuoy of tbe census will show n>, tbat in any to- bacco dis-ttiot, the production start ng at notaing, mounts rapidly to a m iximam, tnruH the corner, and never regains its higher figares. Tbe reason is, tbatAil attempts to inouce her to change her mind proving methods entirely, nor did he call the roll two days ex-'i V9mVWJfcFXX&f TBE RIVERFLATS.fait Roxbury is probably for annexation by a small majority,andCbariestownagainstit. Thesean- nexation questions a'O quite old. Charlestown,» TT.r C o n *sy*36-ot«torv.mp*fa&fta&snw e sboeke< by the first expJo-ion ef a steainbort sent to!any act.which shall make Boston any larger %b*mby the jNew-Jereey Railroad Company. B>th or more influential in the politics of the.State. charges are false. The NowJorBKv Company were8cheme<ritsd/ throwing aronnd it a seeminir of po pnj indeed^ was once annexed^ by vote, but the" 8u lariiy. They 8*y that the right given to the Qforrie preme Court discovered some, flaw in the act, and ana*Ki?s««'rC,-omp<iny to exceno their road from Newark the union was never Consummated. The old jeal- WWeyt-Ttork was null fied, by the insertion of an ad- Urn b u t * «4crt t»w>m«o» these shore* 6rstechoed ousy of the country toward the City of Boston stall verts clau-se, and also that at any rate its constructionttrfuaptioa§r> iSb®wl rtte pftbe «e*»er, an* »st week they exists, and it is difficult to get the Legislative con- has been made iuipossible by contracts forced fromIon/?w: anufO on tr>tne end.of the calculation, grow«rs e»l•c—u)ia-.t-eapon- unen, d>i;ng„ obko.„u.t»^r5.0n per ac»e forever, as I judge from present appearances, rather with reference to their own personal character andMONOPOLY MATTERS JNas w«B as delights.y*6&o*t*rnuLnt steamer (Jencril Outrun* a bigh- powerless when tbe Leg'slotare, ia 1857, granted the mwewne *fcatoer of Epg*i«h bwitd, exploded in the. The jealousy, however, is less reasonable than it- ri*ht to the Morris Company, to prevent or nullify itsP»of.,Wm.H. Brewer. BIr. Tucker's lecture was a kli.d ibey make on the farm. WMa such care, theyooi tic.na ion of bis sabjectof yesterday, and was in* bi.ve bop p'antatnms 300 years old. The ground must elevated every prettt nobC, when Madume couTeased teiea'.u-« and tractival. be fcrenened and wo'ked deeply. About 1,200 hills 'B i bat they had all be*n worn more or less, aud were>, •"• Bntlej Abbey," an! one or two other farms, alto- tbe pro<>«-r numbef per acre, and for eacn 2u0 hils left there for re-sale by a dirtinguisbed lijdy customer. gether inclnding .i,000 acres, in tbe County of Suffolk, tliere slould be one hill of. mile pUn's. It is hett!)' to Then were circ lifted rumors derogatiog from the faWb»aer Toad*, reattering fragments of the boat and met late*1>.^» in all dir-ctions. The number re-,was when Boston, by its general ticket system of jwnsuge;' it was considered a great triumph at the represeniation, sent a united delegation, generally time, and tbe few who opposed it in the Legislature i fable men, to the Senate and Hmse. ^ were not 4lie in »my manner to secure the prevalenceoccupied by Mr. Thomas Cripp, together witb the oper- p*unt in tr'angnlar form rather than square. That U towas given of the sheep- walks, and the system of sheep be cei oppor.be each other. When piaked, the liops were a portinn of tbe magnificent bridal trousseau,,peried of k'ilksi, wounded, and missing is 75, more. Gen. James a Whitney; who has been appointed of tLeir views. Tue eharge of a contract is;still mare %Hftboi£efTwJbom were killed instantly, or hove Collector of this Port, in place of Anstin, removed, plainly faJhe; there hss no contract been made be-;husbandry practiced. Tbo "four-course" system is should be at once dried, and this is better done by past- whose details were to familiar to all the world. These gener«lly adber«d to, but a "stolen crop" of turnips is ing a current oi hot air over them than in placing them peerm d fo be more confirmed by tbe resemblance which, sometimes' obtained—tbe seed drilled upou the wheat in a roem where they get only tbe radiated beat 1 rim rbe most costly bore to one wb cb had been observed? stubbles, and the roots fed off in tbe late Autumn at>d a ttove. Liebg recommends exposing nops to the in that xmp^relle'ed wardrobe by more than one ladysince. Happily, no Americans were among iwas a member of the Legislature from the town oftween *he Morrisand tbe New-Jcsey Cocopauies siucethe right was conferred, and nothiug whatever iin eucceeding Spring, and the next crop in the course be- fumes of huJphnr, as thus the lupulirw, oract.ve jjrin- present. But Madame was finally compelled to dis-Conway in 1851, and obeyed the instructions of his - 4 t s i t a b * that 8outn American news cannot be constituents by voting for Charles Sumner for Sena-tee- unfortunate.•pedeB tbe immed»ate construction of a road between Newark and Hoboken under the ri^hi of the Morris Company. So tbwre can no,popular issue be made heie m lavor of tho monopoly.ing mangolds. The quantity of mangolds grown is in-- ciijlo, may be preserved from oue seas >n to another. close—of conife under strict pledge of secresy—that creasing, wmpared with turnipe, so far as lus observa- The practice is opposed by some, bat adapted by a any the dresses were left with her by tbe wife of the rich--wk^lry pacific. The Argentine and Bnenos Ayrean tor, and giving him the one vote which elected him.tions expended in Great Britain.On the w»y into) Liowhibhire he had mifca farmer oftbbt county, who had sheued, tbe ptectnilag Spring, ] ,200 Bbeep, a lurgo number for a farm of 850 acres, lie wasab*vJieverin5-ye»r.cotir8e—that ie, the 4-conrse system, with graes or " eeedB" for^yeufs iusteadof one. He aleo practiced r.pieiding his manure on the wheat lands feomrtime bef«»re pending up the etubble and the clover, permitting it to remain sometime io ex-of the best Munich brewers. The bop•crop varies est editor in the cicj—a lady ro long and fasbio«ably from ye^r to ytar to such ah extent that the pri<» is resident in Paris as to have ventared on a translationv«ry fluctuating, and even in a. single season a month of tbis fortign plan to the American metropolis. And may muke a difference of 100 per cont Iu cphc'niion, while this lady spends $1,000 tor a single dress, wear*lo•detailed tbe caxualties to which the hop is subject, it once and sells it for half the amount, It is said that inch as insects, wearner, &c, and gave practicai^di- there aie talented men forced to prostitute their brainarectons for.it«.cultivation. to the evil purpotes of tbe journal that yields aactx ht. Brewei'a official connection has been mistnted revenuep, at me%er pittances of $8, $10, aod $12 per«bfl*«.>ave retired; the fleets are diminishing in' Poor Mr. Griswold, who was in the Senate, and• S w i and force; ships of war are being sold, and gave MT. Sumner a complimentary vote when hefee crews are seeking places of labor on land. bad a plenty to spare, gets nothing, and poor Mr. for this new road m 1857, at once upon the pus8*ge ofMeantime,- the war steamer of Paraguay, the Ta- Beach, who voted against Sumner in the Senate, tbe liuht This ia alao untrue. He did not subscribe basnet influence enough to get one of his friends until June, 1859, more than two years after, aud thenenian, being in this port, and about to depart, is appointed Postmaster of Springfield.! Whitney has ^excepted; in the outer roads by the two British been holding the office of Superintendent of the Ar-because impelled to revenge himtelf upon the New- Jei>e; Roud, for closing tne black-coail contract made by Robert S bu>kr, wnereby Mr. Stevens receivedweek." ,—It is stated that Mrs. Blandina Dadtey fca» commenced proceeoings in the Sapreme Court at Albany to have a deed set aside; w'aieh waW obtained from her by Kutger B. Miller of Ueica,'war steamers, Grappler and Buzzard, and for safety ih« puts hack. Tarn' same Tacuari is tho* Govern-mory at Springfield, and now goes iuto a betterplace. It is pleasant to see devotion to principlein e< me of tne papers. Be ia Professor of Cnemnitrynot of tnat ]097er kind requiring drainage by steam or ed to it. Prof. B. Sdiiman, jr., advening to tbe cir- cated, and peacemore and moie appreciated. The cravihgjor office. He is a religious man, of one of, Jertey Company, in their argument before tho Com wind power. Ho w-.s an ardent believer in deep cumstance, oflered tne following timely and appro;m- efforts of Gen. Lopez fur a peaceable arrangement the Orthodox persuasions and upholds the cause of mit-.ee of the''Senate, e&id that they and their Com drainwge, and had spent during the year before not aieitsoluuoM, which was adopteo, not only by tbe of the l*te difficulties in this country have been Slavery not only in State and on State street, but puny would not oppwse a cJiarterjfor a uew r,»ad, ti b letB than $10,000 for oil-cake, guano, and artificial votes, but With he feelings of every one present ?rho<3VB#» and societies of all kinds, showered thanks but his sphere is less wide than Stetson's. As for \e l3iem_ but a most unpooular and undemonraticmove- ment, to sell out their franchises," and place all the aad compliments upon him. The President also Whitney, I doubt whether he would lift his voice, ;axlwa>8in -.he neighborhood under tbe control of Mr.and the remainder in permauent grass. He annually Ritolcca. Thuttlda Convention ha* hc»rd, with «onUtnonlsof fabing into the hands of the Nulhfiers, is severely do-; f-hca- s about. 2,000 ehcep, and das an annual show and th« deep* tit regTet »nd itympaibj, of tbe misf«ftan« wtdcu pas nounced by tbe fire eaters as an Abolitionistj and disci-*deerees him honors, and in turn the Province of in the church or anywhere else, to prevent the-S- evens and hiB coaAJinorfl. Then should we nave batone road to New-:York, and with a. vengeance; one read, infact, aU over the State..Let tbe Democratic party, if they think they can shoulder both LecomptoniBm and toe Camden and Am- boy n.onopoJy, pass this bill and work out their union. It da not but bo death to any party who attempts u. THE TRiBUMi has in former ye -re done »ome good service in our monopoly wars, and many of its prin- ciples are ttill remembered. Be assured the war hasactually btgun, andvprobably tho next three weeks, peibapK, innoed, a snorter time, will decide whether the moi.opoly is to be perpetrated in New-Jtrsey, oc vhetler ibe loi;g deferred hope of the public for anevtntnalfree road aci-owa New-Jersey, has a chance ofpie of John Brcwn. Of course.—TWs Paris correspondent of The Boston. Traveller writes that the personal property of the )a*e Lotd Seymour has been sold. The tickers for the pri rate- exhibition were oisiribnted very sparingly, and con*e«' qnently were ia great d- mand. Louis Napole >H vis^Cwrrientes gtves Gen. Urquiza a gold medal richly jeweled, commemorative of the peace., The Province of Entre Kins, of which. Gen..TJr- <jmx& is Governor, as well as President of the Re- - p*hh>y has; called a Convention to form a new Pro- vmeiaV Constitution. It is not a revolntionarymovement•Pedro Rosas, an outlaw, hanging on the Southern ference between Whitney's and Austin's Hunker-frostier^ has made an incursion, carrying off 100,0<X> ism; and it proceeded to denounce the new appoint- head •f.eattle'. For these he finds a ready market ment in good set terms. It has been made, how- in Chill, and as he steals all his goods, he can sell ever, to take the back track, and apologize this •heap. This trade has been carried on for years, morning.and those Indians and outlaws have never oww Gov. Boutwell leaves the office of Secretary of been "severely chastised. Six months ago they the Board of Education in April. It will be hard made an attark on the Village of Bahia Blauca, and to fill the place. Among the candidates are Hon. carried off i, 000 horses from within reach of thehand, not to polish off its exposed surface too smoothly, inbttad of leaving it so rent and torn that the elementsmakes tne flattering prus^ectj melt like the baseless 'public at tbe auction was so great that a squad of po- fabric of a dream. licemen was sent for to maintain order and keep toogun*of the fort, and in exchange, only left half a dozen, or so of their number.'The jplace so ably filled by the Hon. B. C Yancey, as HimsteT to the Confederation, is now filled by Cen. John T . Cushman, of Mississippi. I t will beC W . Uphsm. Hon. Henry K. Oliver, George B. Emerson, and Professor Alpheus Crosby. The election is made by the members of the Board.Mr. Gxeeley's letter from the West, predicting the nomination of Douglas, is much talked of here among the politicians. There is unquestionablymYALE AGRICULTURALboard, tbe fnction waates jMiwer, the furrow isimper- fecily turned weeds are not covered in, and tue old eur'ace is n t well turned u&< er.tra'ed on the mack board tne methods of laying oat diams with reference to the sbape of the field, pre- ferring a diiection up and down to a direction across or diagonally. He tpoke also of the importance ofjp»polarity than with reference 'o Presidential can- ;Corx<Mpo«ideaee of Tbe K. Y. TrU>on«.akiates. Tney will not be inflexibly pledged to TKZSTOH, Feb. 13, i860.an} body, and will not probably be a unk, as thodelegation i»f 1856 was for Col. Fremon'. I am Last week witnessed the introduction into the Le^is-abolition of Slavery throughout the whole South, if the continuance of his Balary did not depend upon his faithfulness. He is one of the delegates at large to Charleston, and is underst.»od to be fully pleoged in favor of , the man who wins.If the estimate of $20,000 loss, as given by THETIUIJUNX, be not an exaggeration, the good man is entit ed to our warm sympathy. Two years ago hi*gjeen-houses were desuoyed by fire, but with tne aid ited it. He came in a one-horse brougham, eatirely* of friends be got upon ins legs again, and up to tde alone; even his Aid-de-Camp of service was not with- pietenttime bad realized enougu from sales of his bim. Prince Napoleon came at nightfall, and wa* stlendid Deiaw ire and oiher g'a^es to make him*elf shown everything by candlelight. The press of tho cxmforTbble. Just at tnis juncture, a night's gateThe Courier's instinct discovered at once the dif-Moreover, two prominent, Directors of the Newever being realized. -. .Judge French gave his third lecture on Draining, late comers out of the auction room. Tcvo-thirdsof will act properly in the disintegration of its pa'ticlea. taking up tbis time the subjects of tbe Arrangement bis paintings aie sporting pictures, representing dogs,., •-.^*-.<«»<•»•*-*••>rf**''* '- •• •*•*•-•«•**'*-NEW-YORS DAILY TRIBUNE, FRIDAY, FEBRUARY 17, 1860.B A fe*»ierr.o«i which have appeared m~*prmtsboul<l fall and unimpeded diacharge-aremsttfeWf '*Irfrespeet' " pal ingredients. liberal applications of maouni are ive wanner, for sale, and labeled ' $300,» ' $150/ be r*n>ovf/d from the pub-ic mind, as they are a-ed Ky to the minimum of fall consh-tent tyith good function of needed, and they do not affect the quality of proioct, $GC0,'<S6c 'ExqoWte!' ' R>*al!' <Oa. howobsym- theportjmanagersmbols'eringupthsoutrageous tiledrams,tbelecturerstatedthatone-inchfalliaeachiisistbe«"asewitbtobacco..Besidefaruiyardduug, ing!' 'H"WIwi#bIcouldaffordtheValtnliennes1*; , —these and similar evpreiwions were, be*rd from the rod-ofl-•ength• wasample; t"h"ree i'nch~es to th' e' 1""Q"'0f"eet• I woo)", b"ah"*, b*ones, plaser, f"ime, ani asb^s, "are a''lt-:u»e-was » fair, proportion, 'but then the tUes, shbmd bo [ ful lertilizerH. In England, the Kent and 8us«ex hop- lips o' all tbe Flo'a McPl mreya who mspecied tbeau. $^0,000 a year, ior and in consideration of his being poitU<e—a method mnch discussed among us of late;lriendly wiUi tiie New-Jeruey Road, iu his Camdcaand Amboy and Hobokea relationship toward them. •Mr. S. has not been laboring near so long, and pa- tiently, and pbtaotically, to accommodate tne travel tetwetn Newark and New-York as is now claimed byLi« popular and Democ-a ic allied.and Botany in Wushngton College, Pennsylvania, md jears, and warmly advocated and always practiced by Prof etsor elect of our State Agricultural College, atment steamer which unnecessarily ran down and thus rewarded. Caleb Stetson, of Bramtree, whoseauuk the British merchant steamer little Polly, in name was mentioned for the office of Collector, was14K&; and the Government utterly refused to con-sider a claim for damages. <;*' in the House, with Whitney, at the time Sumnerwas chosen, and was one of the " indomitablcs," Ifc i* a decidedly encouraging feature in South as the Hunkers were called. He is an honesty posi- American affairs that war is more and more depre- tive-minded man, with plenty of money and no.—Robert J. Breckinridge, tbe uncle of the Vice* warmly acknowledged. The foreign residents gave in the 1 ract Society and the Church. So he does laic by the tide 6' their road, if granted in the usui manures. He baa 500 acres iu wboat, 250 ia barley, bad seen, heard, and, consequently, esteemed aud ad- President, who recently warned his nephew againsthim a rich testimonial; the working class did also. his who¥ duty. Austin is also a consistent Hunker,- wav. Bbt it would not on-y be amoustroos inju.^tic 1G0 in oa'E, AI5J7J marigolds and turnips, 335 in artificial, mired Dr. Grant: /gems of the collection. He has some excellent water- color drawings by.Bohnington, some good pictures by CamilJc Koqueplan, and some admirable paintings by Decamps. He bequeatr ed to several persons his Ban— venuto Ce^ini and Inquisition, by Robert Floury; his Amateur Monkeys and Turkish Bazaar, by Decamps, and a painting by Watteau—five pictures, valaed atseatedoftheelo<juenceoffacte,moreusefultou-sthan JudeeFrench. Granappearedtobemoregenerally 2n;fi«lesares1-1bt$10o-m.re,a1,000,waichis increasedthepricesthepictureswould otherwise ment, and it is highly profitable. ple, there would be some indication of it at Wash- tbe other glittering qualiiica'ion. Ho commenced this sown bxoadi-asr than drill* d in Scotland. Tue women t A ce the cost of bricks. In England tiles cost aud are have brought. For instance, a collection of Brazil has offered her mediation to England and ington. I do not mean that Washington sentiment morning by sajiug a good thing boldly, viz: that open were at that t:me at work reaping; five women with eo'd at lets than tbe piice of bricus, aod will be sold at wretched e»gars belonging to him was sold is an infallible index of public seutiment in the ducbep obbtfuctgood boabaodry a feet wQich the op si kles, to one man binding, and tbe whole gang paid .*5 per i,CC0 here ae soon as tile making is underotood, at h^s villa near Neuilly; they really were notvery..skillfullymanaged,isownedbytheGovern- strengththatheissupposedtohaveamongthepeo-Paraguay. Its acceptance is not known. -'•Montevideois approaching a Presidential election,"tat net so good nor so abundant as last year.. * £ - • FROM BOSTON. OirOvs C*zrejp«a«taxt.Las been applied; their banks washing away, the bot- fields, meadow and pasture, of his farm buildings, bis an acre, reckoning a foot to each pipe. 4 4th. Callous, Sherry, 8f. per bottle; old Madeira, 15f,; Malaga, 9f.; ' Democratic candidate. toms get Boon filled up, and require frequent cleaning dairy room, &c. Upon not quite 60 acres of land he ifuseu. 5th. Buttets, a small but necessary item. 6th. Ab'cant, lGf.; Mtilnwey, I2f.; Pacaretfco, 12f.; lioocio,:TWELFTH DAY. From Our Own KepoJter.On tne Tay, opposite tue noted Carse of Gowrie,he had found a 7 yeai course o rotation in vogae, vizt tecuring on.lets against frogs and moles by means ofTicknor & Fields announce Hawthorne's new out; and their sides and boundary etripe afford a reK- was seeping the following stocS : novel as nearly ready. vThe name first fixed upon uge to weeds, and a borne to rats, mice, and other ver- Hesters andBuiloc&a 21J Old Sbeepwas St. Hilda's Shrine, but it has been coanged to min. Sometimes, as " headers" to cut off the inflow JdilcbCowe & I Lambaof water to afield, they may be of use; and again, on Likewi4<v4 pig*, "i nor»«a and a pony.Lading tbe pipes, a small cost, as a man can easily lay 106 160 rode in 10 hyuis.lOf ; Pvoee du Cap, 20f.; Tintilla de Rota, 17f.; Cy- prusj from 12f. to 2.f ; Constantia, 30f; Canary (Tea- eiiffe), 26f.; tbe br,ndief*brougnt 8f. to 32f. tbe bottle,NEW-HAVEN, Feb. 14,1860.The total cv% vf draining 4 feet deep, with tiles at The Marble Fawn, or the Romance of Mount Beni. veiy Lvei' land, a great canal-like ditch, may be em- Be ng-a total, small cattle and large, oi 218 head. Hts $kb p*>r 1,000, was estimated at 50 cents a rod. If theDwi^kt Foster, esq., of Worcester, and joon 8. Mademoiselle Mori, a tale of modern Rome. reaton tor its preservation was tbat it had been sab- mlaiity tbis ev«uing, but was, like the rest of us, operaiions unt;l thev have tried tiles at 4 feet depth.and the men, and the adventures which had so gayly filled auld lang sjrie. Thirty years of tae secret his- tory of tbe best circles o-f-Paris society were revived tbat evening between oyBtcrs and coffee. Tne 20 gen-.KMndge, of Cant»n, 8peaker;m> tern of the House, The Atlantic Alant/Uy for March, has a very rich merged in water continually. lato brush-drains Soil thirsting after agricultural information. during fee illness of Mr. Speaker Goodwin. Messrs. and vaiied table of contents, among, other things a very easily fallp, and soon n*re and there tbe superin-Bootwell and Comins are in favor of the n->mina poem by Gerald Massey, entitled " For Christie's cumbent mass caves in? sometimes to such an extentti& of G-v. Banks f.r the Presidency; Mr. Fos Sake." The literary notices are very piquant too that a wagor-ioud of dirt is reqmred to fill cue eioks; *er£l think, is friendly to Mr. Seward's nomina- mui-h so, I fear, for thettajte of the author of Re- mice end moles work into them, TOO, and at best theyPERSONAL.tion; w BO toe other gentlemen are for I cannot miniscences of Mr. Choate. tett. The election »f defecates will be made, how-are poor concern©. Tbe mole-plowirg now practiced witb a rapid sketch of the history of the imperial weed, gant letteis, which conclusively show that he was in-on Western prairies in, for a new country where laod dinner."is 6o cbet»p, >-nd where a sticky clay sub toil underlie^ aud referred to tbe pains and pen-Jties which attended fure. He regarded the fearful act by which he —Subscriptions are be.ing received in Liverpool forNEW-JERSEY. whole districts, a tolerably gw>d plan.1 It ba* its use under successive sovereigns. The chemical dertroyed his own lie as a means of removing "a tbe widow of Capt. Harrifon. Up to the last advices, been knovcD and practiced io Eogland since a moat the compobition of the plant is verj remarkable, j andtaie of Jtfeibusaiah. but M«j. Dickinson of Steuben worthy .of'serious sta'iy by present and p-'ospecave withering curte" which had overhung, for more than the amount had reached $12,500. Mr. Brassey, of tho C<*unty, New-York, has go ten up one of growers. Nicotine, the deadly principle to which all " a qoarter of a c ntury, tne land of his birth." firm ol Braatey, Peto & Co., gave $2,500, and will tfeee ancient mole-plows, and dubbed it "the the ill effects of tobacco are due, is, as every one —Tbe New-York correspondent of The Charleston contribute " more if necessary."Sbsngbaej" as if it were a new thing. Drains knows, a deadly poison. Beside tuis tbe plant contains Cour ier says tbat ' ' a rumor obtains very generallysati8hed that a majority of the Republican vomers l&iuxe of New-Je-rtey," one of the strongest consolida- ar#i made in some " woodea couotriei*," by laying two a number of acids, rewns," and volatile oil*. The —Writing of one of Mr. Buchanan's Consuls, thoprefer. Mr. Seward to any other man. Mju-iy of lion Railway hills ever known, even in this Staue of stout TK.>1* B at bottom and one on rhem. In Scotland strength of toacco is determined by tbe quantity of here, that ..be Hon. Daniel E. Sickles has ' experienced Paris cor. espondent of The Pott says:ahem, however, are not indisposed *o yield to the Joint Companies, and of transportation partnerships.The protection offeied to the Camden and Amboy that Mr. Seward cannot be ch-ven. The State will Company, by the monopoly given them in tbe charter anduubtedly vote for any Republican wh > may be for constructing railroads between Naw-York and Philadelphia, aud how under taia protection they have support a man who does not belong to the Republi- nom-i&bed and waxed rich and fat, and how Jarge'y canparty,butwhoisselectedsolelyontheground tbeyhaveenteredintopoliticalcanvasseswitatheir that he can catch a few votes outside of the party. wealth and influeace, till ai last the State of New-Jer- Theformidablerevoltof1848againsttheWhi< *eywa*consideredasannexedtothegreaterandmore party, was in the outset based apon the charge that powerful State of Camden and Ambov, nave becomeGen. Taylor was not a Whig in tho strict party part of our .local history.a e a s e o f t h e t e r m . I t i s q u i t e l i k e l y t h a t s o m e m a n b u t , a s t h e p r e a c h e r s * y B , t o e v e r y t h i n g t h e r e i s a not yet much talked o£ for instance Mr. Feesenden season, and tho monopoly beason of the Cizu'enandthey h&ve^in some benighted sections, a " sbonlder" nicotine; the flavor by tbe oils and resinB. Tue'ash a change of heart,' and thai he contemplateo connecting " Mr. Smith—Marshall Smith, I believe, is his name dram, which consists in d'gging down, say 18 inches is of ail the most important to the tarmc, for this is made bimeelt with some church. His former friends sty —v»bo h*s been appointed Cousal-Geueral at Constan-jSu«*estion which is in too mouths of so many men,wide, to a certain depth; and then cafctiog the rodt of tinople, lett home with his first quarter's pay in his the way cown only one-ihird as wide; thus making a up Jioni his available plant food—in otner words, *rom that they have noticed a marked difference in bia con-nominated, but there will be great reluctance t >narrow box drain in tbe ground on the bhouldors of bis farm capital. Tne oils, resins, and aoids come from duct recently. At Washington he' leads a very differ- £tcket, some $270, and nothing more, I aai told, batwhich inverted t-tiff sods are laid as a coveriug, aud trie air. ana henue cost us nosbiag. Take a given qaaa is commission, and came to Paris, where he appears ent bfe from what he once did; Before he leaves tbe to have first learned to his surprise thava Consul'smuch warped, a straight wator course can nor be in-rance. Of eourse they are looked upon wich dis- fioboien Lano Improvement Company. By its pro- t-ured, and the d ain is correspondingly un- land can only bear maximum crops of tobacco for a hin lots in hiring an apartment which he no longer re- call any two that were constructed on the same modeLgi*s» had contempt by all right-minded men of the visions, however, railroad*, with branches and apure reliable. Tbe objection to '*horse-shoe" tile short time, and once the decline comes en, no power quired. ' The tribunal condemned the lady to pay ad itepubJican and democratic parties. The very name to convenient points, may be laid between any p-jiuts is, that in a soft bottom its narrow on earth can restore itBfruitfuiuees. By high manur- the expenses and tie amount expended by M. Joachimof Y\ big has been brought into disrepute by their in Newark ana Hoooken, and the Company take the sides sink so as to render the drain sometimes ing, wo can, with other crops, actually improve tbemulish obstinacy and asinine atupidry. For this franchises, bricgea, rights, or property of any other useless; beeide whicb, they, having a heavy we'ght fertility oi our larine, or at any rate, guard against hn- in pieBents, but rejected the demand for 2,000f. indem-corporation or inoividaal; may conuect and contract to bear upon an unarched "bottom, are liaole to split po\ crisbment. With tobacco, if we manure highly, nity, and directed tbe parties to pay their own costs. reaaon, the election of Mr. Pennington was received with any other railway company for transportation of lengtbwite through the back; and, further, the stream we may ior a time avert the dies irce, m fur as bulk ofonly with satisfaction as a terminauoo of the con- passenger*,; and may run theu cars over tne railroads of water spread over a flat surface cannot run BOrap- crop is oonctrned, but only ut a sacrifice of quality ai —Mr. Speaker Pennington domes having had any-—An American dentist in France ia thus mentioned by tbe Paris correspondent of The Evening Post.'" There are not many of our leaders who have not heard of Dr. Evans, the American dentist, as he is called, par excellence, and who has charge of the teethtest for Speakership by a victory of the right aide, and bridges of anj other company. With almost the • but without entnuaiasm. Toe Republican party, frame bieaih the Camden and amboy Company ask foridly, and is less able to sweep away obstructions, a* great ab to destroy oar profits. New crops have c larae thing to do with the .payment of Mr. Clay's debts, aod of pretty much all tbe sovereigns of Europe, and ofAmerica too, I suppose, when the latter come to Paris. He made a fl) ing professional visit the other day to Nice, at the instance of tbe former Empress of Russia.ger of defeat, that I suppose it cannot appreciate and E**ex travel, tbe New-Yoxk and Phhaoelphia not get into the clcse-fittea and ciboe-*extured tiles, pliant vein?, is most etteemed, aud of tuis ciiaruoter —When Parliament was opened her Majesty wore a On parting, the presented him with a diamond rimr the position of its brethren in weaker States, who travel, the local travel from New-Brunswick, Kah- many in Scotland in former times put a foot or eo of aie the tobacco of Holland and Connecticut. The valued at 60,000 irance—about $i2,000. The Doctor zesort to aH sorts of shifts to keep their heads above wa}, Ktizi. both, and Newark, all go to Hobokea, and •mall stones over taeir tile, and soil upon that. A season of growth is ordinarily crowded into 30 day*, dicks of pearl-colored satin with gold bars; over it a and Mrs. Evans .have received presents enough froaawater. Yet- it might remember, one would think, p*te over tbe Iloo*»ken Ferry and through the Bergen fool'th and expensive process this; for there is no aiid the larger portion of the nolubie .salts must be at mantle of rich crhnton velvet, with a deep and mas- crowned headB, in the shape of bracelets, watchesThus, after a long and tedious period of wait'ng forBut a suspicion arose tout not even the gorgeous Mad~ The lecturers of the afternoon were Mr. Tucker aud special manures, iu addition to what of the ordinary , ame D- could atfOrd to get up so expeusive an ar-u'ous poLular estimate of the wealth of Senor Oviedo,' ations upon it, were first c'onaHeied.' A dessnptioa say, tbe hills of adjoining rows sbonld alceroate, and not if Diamoid Wedding renown—-runors that these-John Johnston. Ovid.The next vis<t spolenof was at Aylesby, also in in the bare hope that this letter may come under theLincoluhhire, the refiideoce of Mr. Ton*, a noted shbrt- eye of Dr. Grant, I wiuh to notice tbe very kind andbom breeder, i»nd extensive farmer. He, cultivates uppropna'e action of the Convention when the news of and which conveyed to him a large portion of her*abont 2.1C0 ares, mostly of xf fen*'; land, altuough bis immense loes by tbe recent gale were communicat-estate. She says that her name was procured to the deed by bis allegation that the paper was a mere> power of attorney to transact certain basinets.1, Wheat; 2 Baorley; 3, Crana; 4, Oats; 5, Potatoes, gratings, and oi making the outlets few and permaneut. Judge Henry F. French of New-HampBhire, told us, or beans; 6, Wheat, and lastly, turnips. Tue soil is so Backwater eeitainJy does no harm n diains, becauoedifficult for any other man to gain the iuflaence great fear of* Douglas among the Republicans. It ever Gen. Urquixa that was held by Mr. Yancey. seems to me an unnecessary and unreasonable fear.Gen. Cusbman came in the Parana. It can hardly be possible that a man who has nothalf a dozen followers in both branches of Congress Two leagues more of the Railroad are opened to can be chosen President. If he had the greatteasel and trade to-day. The road, though not, country; but can a man be strong enougn in the ponents to covered drains would do well to remember. 12/ sterling, say $3 perac e. and tbeie is a fa'r competition.country to be chosen President, or even to be nom- Open ditches occupy much land needles-dy; • they cause Afer a brief account of a farm visited in Kent, Mr. The items of the cost of drainage are, 1st. Engineer- worth two tons—Ibey brought fifteen sons apiece Iand is passing through the usual disquietudes of inated by one of the great parties, aDd still have no constant turning at headland*; theu- iullaeuce on the Tucker closed with au extended *nd detailed statement ing. Employ a competent engineer to get the levels, It is thought his whole personal property—wine*, tuck an occasion. 11orders are becoming a little supporters in Congress 1 And again: I see no rea- area of soil is net uniform, as the purts nearest tbem of the n-tes gathered by him at Burley Ha 1, the resi- and locate the drans and make a plan, so that tbe cigars, pictures, furniture, and plate—will bring.Wo frequent; they are being checked by an execu- son to suppose that Tennessee and Kentucky will are dr ed while. the rest is left as wet as ever; dent eot Tbomas Horsfall, esq., whose experiments iu diains may he readily found. 2d. Excavation, which $100,C0O. Toe best Chatcuu Margaux brought 30f. a tien every Monday. vote for Douglas if he is nominated, and the union in heavy rains not only is much soil washed into tne n, stock-feeding and in dairy management have attracted is JePS ior this tban any other drains. 3d. Tbe cost of bottle; the Chablis, 5 ana 6f a bottle; the AmoaullaioBusiness is improving. Wool begins to come in, ol the South is indispensable to the success of the but, along with it, manure that at labor and expense so wide anentioD. A minute account was given of his tilee and freight At S3 ieet apart, 1,320 pipes will lay(stiff that a very good drain is made bv simply digging a channel of several incaes depto with a sboalder oa each tide of it, in tho 'bottom ot ibe drain, and coveron being iirat intz-odueed to the Conventioa, that ho wasnot t>n orator; bui his audience* of yesterday and to-day are, if I may judge from .tbeir expreeB'ons at theclose of tbe two diocoursea, convinced that he is poe* being noilim^ eUe tbau the. '* sbi/ulder " • described by thism tbif conairy is twice a-* greata^ it should be;THIRTEENTH DAY. NJEW-HAVKN, Feb. 15, 1860.b«-l'alkn llr. Oraxitoflona Ulanfl, in tbe loan, dnrlag the gats ot latfw«-tk ofau impojUuit part oi bia grap*-bou»e« ajid ptaat- •tnJCTnresjadlnaaur^hinh laall tbomore dlstrij»«ing to usj in afinjjiiha* tbuaia iijgni#bedcui.lvator was, at tbe time oi hi* IOBHJ abfeiit tiom hittooxn«aa onr gu«:8t »nd for our benefit, JOU- tributiug, by bi* trnlj valuable iuatiuctiona, to our enjoyruent and Smpi'ovenitUt •" Jetting" of breeding " tups." His average cro J of wheat is neaily 40 buohele per acre (say 36 to 38), bad years with good, and be thought that the whole county would beliom 30 to 32.- .Some remarks followed upon the expense incurred by Engbbh farmer* to remove qiuick, conch., or twitch grySB, ap it is variously called, and the presence of which is considered inimical to any crop. A descrip- tion of tbe »»do ot plowing adv xjated by sic. Mel- viD, an intelligent gentleman aad faraier in_Mii Lo.hian, then succeeded. Tue importaot points in the constiuct)on of tbe plow were such a medium length in ihe mold-board as Jiot to break up the furrow slice t' o mnch, as it will ir it is too short, aud, on tbe otnerSTATE RIGHTS.LECTURES. row, for if the earth anywhere adberes to the mold- system, and of aoourate plans. lie described aud ilius- boraes, game,' etc. Two horses by Gerie mlt are thekvccuis only when tne eartb, as well a* the streamsare lull, and BO there is a strong current tnrougn thep'pes which will prevent any obstruction, as wa erii>gittthe chancel so formed; with flat scones; this cannot back up mto pipes alreauy full. Toe cost of tion cost bim only $16,000. Lord Seymour's name•'• 64—Dr. Davidson, the chief actor in the Hawesville, tlemen emptied the 100'bottles. The dinner cose chem, Prof. Brewer opened his Tobacco lecture yesterday Ky., tragedy, has left two or three wild and extrava- wine included, $65 a piece, that is, $1,300 for the wholethe soil filled up to the surface upon tnem. Stone tity of tobacco aid bum it to aehcn, and we tiua tbat Capial, it ie tbonght he will make a public profession commission, evtn at Constanjnople, wasnotale^er drainsbeesteemsnextinutilitytotiles,butthereis tLeproportionisenormous. Therootsgive2to14per ofChristianity." olcrecit.andthatthedraftolamanwrappedinthegreat ehoice in their construction. Tne beet w-ty of cent of ash, tbe ssemt dried 16, auo the leaves 17 to 24allis'oeetuponecouuteofslabs<ouesperpendicu- percent?ABtheleavesaretuegreatbulkofthecrop,larly againet tbe right bank, aud then le&mug oi.her the robbery of the soil is correspondingly ^reau OueAmerican flag needed an indoreer h*re, just as much —AMacon,Ga.,paperstatestbatatColumbus,in asifthedraweronlyworeablouse.Theconse-tbat State, Bishop Kavanaugh,Metbedist, and. the Rev. quen< e is That be is r blocked up' at Meurice's. Mr.Hones against th*m, making a drain shaped like a eiu- tbousand pounds of tobacco takes an average of 200 Dr. Hawkh, Episcopal, have attended and m*nifeeted Smith bas already provided himself with two-gle-pi ch shed roof.. If tbo Btones are delivered to a pounds ol ash; and 2,000 pouuds, whicn miy be re-Secretaries, one aa acquaintance which he made on b o a r d t h e s h i p , a n d t h e o t h e r s i n c e h i s a r r i v a l . " .f a r m e r a t t b e e d g e o f h i s d i t c h e s , t h e y a r e s t i l l d e a r e r for bis use tban tile drains even wben he has to paym u c h i n t e i e B t i n t h e l e c t u r e s o f M i s s H a r d i n g e , S p i r i - ualitt.g a i f t d a s a J a r t e C r o p , 4 0 0 p o u n d s o f a s h . N o JV, a c r o p of wheat of 30 bushels to tne acre ttkes but 36 poundsaffectionate association*, they have commenced, nine Tbe reason why all these kinds of drains have been s.nyle crop of tobacco. The composition of tbe ash. iB a M. Joachim and Mile. Marie, iu presence of their been prevented bj the interference of others. It is inti- Judge McLean, or Gen. Scott, would run rather yetrij in advance, to prepare for the Phenix-like re- stoutly upheld oy their use: s, is, that an» drain, how- variable, m some districts one of the leading mgredi- relatives and frie ds, signed a contract of marriage be- mated that tbe end is not yet.•of Jdaiae, or Judge Read of Pennsylvania, would Amboy Company expires in 1869. Loth to part with $10 or $12 per 1,000 for tile. The mere coat of exca-get n>»re votes than either Mr. Seward, Gov. Banks, tbwr dtar, old frieuda, the ' eicluaive privileges," vating and hauling ooulders for draios is very of nth from bur &rni. In ether words it wou'.d re-or Mr. Chase; but an outsider, like Mr. Bates, or which they doubtless regard wiiii tbe most tender and large, and after ail, their function, ia uusafciafactory. quire elevencrops of wheat to do as much injury as,a cision in a case of promise of marriage. Last March would have given his antagonist trouble had he notheavily, though there would be no soeh disaffection viva of the monopo'y when the loin? term of its nat- ei er poor, is tar better than none; crops are increased, < nii bemu replace t by some other. In an averas existed m 1S4S. The experiment of nominating a ural existence will have expired, if the designs of til age facilitated, and tbe pleased experimenter, per- age ol samples tea ed by Pro', ilrewer, potash sdes fore a notary, and four days, after the bans were pub- mamwho could be claimed as a Whig, would be a bad the monopolists are realized, in addition to then* ex- haps net willing-to look for a better method tbau the fornied a thud part of tueir- weight, and 75 to 80 per published in the usual way. M. Joachim made h's in-•wie here, h»»wever it might be in some other States. dui-ivo control of all through travel oetween New- one he has employed, thinks there is nothing in the cent of the soluble p'o lion. Soda exis's in but a sm^ili tended various presents, eucb asjeweby, agold watch,—The late Prof. J. A. Alexander wrote a great deal, and varied tbe monotony of the slavery of toe pen by altering the penmtmsbip. Tbe Rev. Dr. Cuyler says • tbat tome drafts of bis Commentary were even written in a circle, over huge sheets of paper! He once said' The Republican parly is made up in a large degree York and Philadelphia, the <J)mden and Amboy Com- world as good. Tt'e drains, then, we are told, are the uantity. Sometimes tbe potash is repla^o oy lime,beft Or tbe teveral kinds OT tale, tbe pipe kind are Qtobepreferred. Notilesareburned,witboatwarpitg 'businFrance,aiongtheriverGaronne,tuetobacco acd usuenal sbiinking; now the ends should be weu has this peculiarity, and is noiea for its mildness. Inehawls and dressee, and took an apartment at 2,000f. a year. Butontheveryeveoftbedayfixedforthe•1menwhowereWai^s,buttheyhadsense and sexCountytoCa,eMay.presentingamonopolyofrail- decency enough to adhere to their principles andpany will control all the avenues of tbe State from Sue-votae , for Fremont, rather than follow their spites way tr.-.vel, and acquiring an aznouutof political power fitted together, and no kind but pipc-ti'e Ciu be turned American tobacco, tho potash salts predominate, and wedding, MUe. Marie sent to inform M. Joachim that tbat to avoid the tedium of tbe recitation-room, ho and inlluen<e ramitying throughout tbe country, euch over to make good fits, one with anodier, and still be most in the stronger kinos, which grow oa new soil. she had changed her mind and declined to marry him. never taught two corsecutive classes by tbe samequality of structure, and rankness of flavor; while,•vtben tbe same volume is condensed into tabular form, per contra, the tob«ceo of the finer brands ia gotten pionounccs iho story lately started by a corrtepondonthowever, is no well organized, and so lit le in dan- a charter between New-Brunswick and Newark, andthus the entire work becomes complete. Tne Morris narrowed at tbe bottom. Thinking that water could rroni land* long cultivated. A thin leaf, with small of The Cwctricinnati Commercial a fabricati..n.that three years ago, it was obliged to make all Tunnel. Jeiwy City is lett to perish; &udthat young trouble to get water into your intign<ficant looking this headlong speed, supplied to the flpongioles. The sive gold border. Her head dress was a tiara of bril- snuff-boxes, rings, and curious articles m gold aad pre-sorts pi coalitions and combinations with the Amer- upfrtart, the Ntw-Je tey Railroad Company, the only drains—it takes care of that itself; the trouble has been crop is eo tender, that of all those we cultivate, cous stance, to mako him a mdUonaire, if he h*d their—jcawj, and even to support Gov. Gardner for reelec- rival tha*- has ever •been able to successfully withstand to account for iis wonderful inpouring through such it is tbe most Bubject to destructira by hail. liants. Tbe elder Princess wore a " slip"—whatever cobt in money. There is, as I have already said, the Joint Companies, is to be thru-t out of any partici- small orificer. Parkes, tbe great ISnglisn drainer, states Iu Germany there are " Hail lasurauco" compauies that ia—of white tulle over a pale blue undei-dress; scarcely a sovereign on the Continent of Europe fromtion. Certamly our friends in Pennsylvania and pation in the great Atlantic travel, is to be bought up after experiments, that only 1-500 of tbe water gets on the mutual plan. It is a notorious fact that hail- IOUI d her bead was a wreath of white roses. The whom he has not some costly testimonial.2«ew-Jersey have never been reduced lower than and sold out at the caprice of the monopolism, and the tbiough tbe pores of tbe tils; the balance is admitted storms extend over very limited areas- at a time, and younger Princeta was dressed wholly hi white, with a this. Menfinditdifficulttopointoutwherein &ta'eoncemoretobesubjected,andevj&nmorethor- throughthejoints.Englishfarmersmaketbeirdicoaes hencethefannersofawholecuntryunitinginsmallkut tney say the former is a Republican in regular Companies.gxomhliog loud enough to be heard. been the cane of oar State and the bane of all travel- A half century is the time counted upon, by all tha disadvantagea of tobacco-culture, Prof. Brewer thus well known that he has frequently been tbe bearer of' ing faciliiies between New-York and Pennsylvania, Land Drainage Companies, at the end of which the stated the.case. The sole advantage is tbat an indi- ing, one party " atumped" the other to get married. mts>ages between his roval pauents, wbicb. though'I he Legislature is busily at work, and will prob- when a temporary lull in pubbc opinion exists on ao- whole amount of their loan to the farmer is to be paid vidual nmy grow rich from raising it. On the other The reply waB, " I will if you will;" and a magis- pregnant with important consequences, it was desirable- •ably close its session by the midole of March. The count of the knowledge that the monopoly soon will in. Water enters tile-drains at bottom, not at top; for hand, a nation never will; for the one mau's gain ia trate was sent for, and the double ceremony performed not to invest with an official character. It i» no doubt j « ^ioners ior a new law " to prevent slavc-hnn:| expire of i'setf,^an effort is made once more to Bubju- the same reason that if you pour water into a c*dk of obtained at tbe cost of bis uon aud son's aou" iu some time after the hour retiring. It was a sur- in some measure for service* of this nature that he has-mg,n have been heard by Rev. Charles Beecher, of gate the State and place two or tbree moite generations sano. with holes made in the sides at several hig&ta, getting his fortune bo has taken from bin children trie, been rewarded iu a measure so disproporcioned to any Georgetown, and Rev. J. Stella Martin, a colored of men under the same obstacles of wniah their the lowest hole will discharge first, and the top oue meana of future /uain. Like the owner of the goose prise wedding to everybody, but thoy wouldn't •< back professional services it was possible for him to have-an* esters have so much complained 7 last. The capacity of pipe-tile Is in proportion to tbe that laid tbe golden eggs. The crop terribly exhauote duwn." rendered, skillful and eminent as he is in his vocation. the soil; it is very precarious because of weather and *' The doctor bas been very prosperous; his income- ;,standing, ao4 the hitter is something a little less,appropriate tool, scoop out a little round trough in that even tbe most disastrous aai -ravages could easily —The Northampton Gazette and Courier says that them frequently when they are absent. His Intimacy -which to lay their pipes. Tho clay is then packed be recompensed, without fear of extiaguisbiog the at the palace has no doubt contributed somewhat toupon them without further trouble or anxiety as to at one of the quiet farm-houses iu Bernafdston, on thethough avery good man. However, there is no the termination of an odious monopoly, which has tbe result. Drains well laid last more tban fifty years. grand capital. In coosider.ng tbe advantages aud evening of tbe 2d hist., whe«e two couples were visit- tbe demand for his services at foreign courts, for it isolergyxnaa. Mr. Beecher made an exceedinglyacute argument on the unconstitutio iality of Slave- Well may it be tu-ked, will the State of New-Jer- squares.of their diameter. Thus;if an inch tile, will insect enemies; tbe lab rers who cultivate it suffer in —Tbo New-Yorkcorrospondentof The Chicago Press now, I am told, is over $60,000 a year, and he id invest-ry, and Mr. Martin spoke with, much earnestness M>y--w)i] the Democratic partyr who now control the carry 2'inches of water, a 2 inch will carry 4 inches, a health; and the land, which must alwayB ba of the and. eloquence.. The Committee will not report a legislation, have the audacity to sanction proceedings 3 inch 9, and soon Inch tiles, therefore, although best quality, conld be employed in raising breadstuffsor this kind 7 Will they allow an evil which has been perhaps large enough to hold all the wa*er that we biiMitottgn a majority of its members would find it impending over tbem so long, and whose end has been would discbarge from our fields, are practically notdifficult to assign a reason for refusing to do so, ex- so eagerly looked forware to, thus improvidently and large enoagh, for they become filled at say htlr waycept tbe nearness of the Presidential election. This carelessly to be perpetuated 7 ' i down the slope, and of course all the ground they pass sa'd wasa crop of growing importance. In 1840, we Eugenie, where such ufavx pas results in the total well ftel proud. He contributes liberally to every re- mct^eemiined with the other that *' slave-hunt- The answer i* plain. If the Democratic party allow through after that might as well have no tiles beneath raited 1,238,000 pounds; in 1850,4,407,000. He traced cessation of the imperial invitations. These extrava- ligious or charitable enterprise in which tney are inter-jo^^^nowaotaewJbat urifjrequent, no case having it/elf to be used «a a willing instrument in forwarding J it. A" two-inch bore is tbe smallest Judge French Uehu-tory of the plant, and showed that iUgenorul fant necessities long ago enforced tho wealthiest ested, and in tbe simplicity of tbeir domestic life andthe plans of perpetuating the Camden and Amboy would recommend for general use, and although pre- 'ireuch ladies to dispose of those splendid robes, which, the purity of tbeii manners and moral*, his family set use can be dated only 300 years back. England uses thongh umnjniod, they cannot wear again, through an example which it would be well if our country poo- eo.-i>ce* of those who vote, against the bill. Citi- monopoly, tbeir fate ia sealed. Many of the Demo- viously a friend to Bmaller sizes) I feel convinced f. rty mill ons pounds, payiug to the Government a duty ^the medium of tbeir dress makers, who Bell them over p's when they come to the sedactive metropolis, would^happened sincfl854, will be apt to satisfy the con-zens cratic 1« aceis me monopoly men; but there isa band of of the jastnoss of his arguments, and shall hereafter re- of over a million dollars. IX only the hop dowers are lo the demi-monde at a discount of 50 per cent. Apro- more generally imitate"puis and powerful statesmen who control at least a commend and use accordingly. Laterals, aB I said when taken from tbo farm, the crop is not of so exhaudtive a pos of thin, the patronesses of that moat artistic andoV Charjestown and Roxbury are asking to half of that party; who never wilt consent to the pros- describing Mr. Johnston's place on a former occasion, nature as tobacco; but still it is very much so after —Mr. Roessele of the Delavan Home iu Albanyha ^ ihose cites annexed to Boston. There is no tration and demmahzatkm of their paity for.such should be jointed into the mains pointing' doum stream. all. From a tun of hops we may get 170 pounds of expensive of New-York modistes, Madame D , of (who is a famous horticulturist) has produced a celeryanion #i sentiroent in either place on one aide or thesuicidal jwrpoees.aad enter the mains near the top.. By this plan a goodash, of which potash, lime, and ammonia form princi-Thomas M. Tryniski 309 South 4th Street Fulton New York 13069Foui th stieet, were • hut week surprised by the speo- tasle of a dozen perfect dresses, exposed in an attract-which instead of being grown in tho ordinary way mpother, aad forrtim'xmonboth plans wiP probablyto more general profit.T(-day, Prof Bi ewer lectured on Hops, which heand Tribune: say s: ing constantly.' He hae a del'ightlul house, whiph he- "• Tbis Winter no lady of ton dares to wear tho samo bu'tlt bimeelf on tbe Avenue loiperatrice, which leadsUntitled Document•.—"2 he Philadelphia Inquirer's Washington corres- —The Civil Tribunal of Lyons has just given a de- pondent sajs, Mr. Hickman is not a non-zesisUnt, andfrnitlei-8, M. Joachim sued the lady for the amount ofexpenses incurred, and for 2,000f. as an indemnity for preparation of his discourses; for we cannot now re-cress at any two of the fifty parties she attends, any into the Bois de Boulogne, and he is one of the A«eri-- more than )f she were a countess at the court bails of tan resident Bin Paris ot whom bis country people m*yray of robes,' unless to special brdei^ and loftily wan$30,060, as tbe market now goes. ' His whole collec-actly alike. This love of variety he carried mto the www.fultonhistory.comess 