 1we have all pasMj from tlu~ sui:;e. TUB ^OllI^AI^^o convintios.i.^q^>t(H^UetolutkNEW-YORK,FRIDAY,OCTOBER19 18(K)..•-.'')katact;astotheitself to its constitutionalduty;**"on•fcll, as fumiahed by our special reporter. Ur.'Bri.iM,'and brave sentiment, and wlienever honest, manlyand apoliticaldoty,aretoluveequalrightsofprotection. Now,whenIill be as many to uphold anid defend free lalwr there«would be obUged fairly to say that Liberty or Disunion wasand whenever the speech and the question [Renewed applause.] llielieve theaet^«and only thatmall contribution from individual to their tocrease.f^UX.-NO.2883PRICET^OCENTSLtion at Sochester. invite a ly, as properly, as fairlyfrom;Theynotldng magical atioutthe dlvisiens of the Democratic Pa'ty openly and Ikirly. Mr. OVokob, tohave 'al-M*,1ducting Whenever Mr. BaADT will be of toe were right. He laid down tlte propoaitloa to be en-SmIUII* «r IcktliUi tf bv-Toik.Stales, many of themof them with disputed, and some of tiiem, it seems to me, with Etiam representatives, but yet counting 2S States in some form or other, has also put forth eaodl- dates before the people. These arc Judge Doosias,which is for the commonnecessary rightand opiniontoatthedescendantsofIrishmenarenomorerMticalof thetwo other citizens of great distinction in thedividual, against wmaf and Now, strated that theie would be just aa many perch to tlie oppression.Carolina to work as ato the of capital IbatM «k« ]r«w-Taik TIbm. BoMMna, TkvidaT. Oct I8>nU BepabUcan maM meetiog hare to-day luia kaac of tliemaat tplaacua aaf aaeeaasfal pelitloalilfUtiltl Di^attfcAnother Conventian>the imputotion agatoat tlM Republican Party aa favor-munityand tons he wasconvinced,Ioppoae.asprepltloas^iirtwo days put, bat cleared uppeople the single quesdon is," candidates Out of theseof sentiment and tbia conflict of political action ?to add to toat depression and misfortune. [Applause.]wouldvery likely tome to opposite condnaiana. tAp-aaoied boldly and at considerable length by^jixceY, that Slavery was a blessing, socially, poliUcaUy aud •eonomically. He further reviewed the doctrines ofi:iI1—make the sensible portion of the United States t)elieve that dread the success of theof V* ill Itcommunity all the Union,]>ouai.AS,andshowedthe inconsistencyofhispresent andpastprofessions. RepublicanprinciplesreceivedI aa able and eloquent exposition at ills hands.tyuithecountry,andtheyhavenotthepatriotism, self-denial and largeness of views, to sacrifice personal interests and party success sufficiently to agree upon a man who cjin defeat candidates of the Republican Party ?AH the speeches were received with marked atten-tention and enthusiasnu The Wide-Awakes, to theamber of over two thousand, paraded the streets thisevening, with torches, transparencies, and fireworks.Several public buildings were handsomely illuminat-Why, before the people, they could at the next stage of aihiajuncture,can do.THK REPCRLICAK PABTT.and his labor to toe level of brutethis subject ot equality has been broached on toe opposite side, by a very distinguished m the Democratic Party, a very eminentdestroyed orimpairedViiMMii,twenty-fivefragmentary,manyImmeiiae delegations from the aalfUwrinc towns and oouatiea came pouring in at years i"itbe a nark af nobility of qpirit ana maidiness of char-•bettt BOOB to-day.States, by theearly hoar. Nowent from the ordinal y posture of a canvass for tlieAathaa tieen seen here since 1840. The speaking field, and as quite similar in the history of all parties thatinnotoneofthe^eConventionswastherearepre-the sacrifice of the Union Itself,for those unto whose territories it flows to Lomble and distressed. fluence;ed. The route of the procession throughout was the House of Repre.<«ntatives, what they propose there is not to elect a President of the United States, -Ikiaaged with spectators. The whole «ity, apparent- which is the constitutional duty there to be per- ly, turned out to witness the splendid scene, and formed, but to prevent the Republicans, who there are the largest power in the suffrage of tiie States, frompro]>osition;The condition of Slavery at the SouthCraeted it with vociferous cheers.ablaze with this hitherto unsqualed display, aud the aaeUement is intense.electing their candidateand thus the Constitution ission of thesesentiments that are our commontween toem is utterly toi^mpatible conflicting strivtogpatedattoeageof21,same condition for life."gentlemen. Is not for me to dissect or to refute. ItsBoteJ. Fusionliasreceivedsomewellmeritedblows ftea Um, which received a hearty recognition fromtake toe two gentlemen, just systemsChristian and that of single marriageof the chastetoelevel wito the white. There is no differencein toattightsThe eity is fairlySlavery,temporary. cxcepUonalII,[" subject[Laughter.] only negro equal-IyCongress provisional temponuy;Gov.Foes,ofOliio,wascalledout,andis nowad-dressing an immense assemblage in front of the Ea^ie time in the history of the country no President of tt^pass be left subordinate to and be low men in every portion of our tair land, [Applause.] controlled bv the great forces of tree society. Why,ridge Platiorm just as much an assertion of tlie equality of condition it fromThe whole scheme and plan is absolutely to defeat both plans of the Consti- tution for the election of » President, and then in the BvarythlBghaspanedofiagoodorder,andwith SenatewherenoPresidentevercanbe,oreverwas aa serious acddents to mar tlie eajeymeat of the intended to tie, or ever by the Constitution was pro- day. posed to lie elected, they sliall elect a Tice-Preddent. turn liim into a President by operation of the law. [Apidause.] Gentlemen, wliich of these opposing Ibices (for there are three parties on one side and one on the other) understands the Constitution and theirof one which treats woman as an equal societythe sharer of toe heart of her toe mother husband,_ efforts toanythingVa auditory.^bothproeessiens by—rotected, created, pTkawas adaUrahle.within sound of peoplemy people of toe South (for in this question toere is nowithin toe Territories accordtog to oui nodons of the safety and true development of our country.asaaagnneatofthe Marshalsthere is not avoice that docs not rejoice in, and hope for, and ^ian dilTerence of optoion tietween toe two sections)we will have no difficulty in saying that it is toe duty of the WHAT TBI " IBBKPr.KSSIBLI COlfPLICT " AMODWTS Federal Government to protect tlie righte of personsHONROB.^8FBECHOFWII.I.IAMM.KTAKT8,B8Q. duty,andwhichofthemproposestofulhllit? THE OBZAT I8SCXS INTOLTED.TO,Now, there being tifis conflict, let us see whoIt isWe liave already given a telegraphic abatract of•k speech of Mr. Evasts, delivered atIka ooeasleiAof the great ReoubUean mass meeting InNow, in every canvass for tlie Presidency while the suffrage remains free, and no powxr overawes the ex- ercise of it on the part of the citizen, there must be involved to secure the attention of our va-si popula- tion, and to attract their confidence an.l their votes toOur sentiments are not sectional. The U^e tiiat we draw from them will be communicated to every por- tion of our land, whenever those portions of our laud are readv to imbibe their life-giving influence. AndtweentheNorthandtoeSouth. BetweentoeNorto "Auburn,onlationThat toe aonaal condition of all the Territory oc ; that as oar Ramd^ population. Well, gentlemen, toere is great danger Ueaa Ifethas whan tlMgr haAaboUsted Blavarp la all oarin a little town orhistoryofourcandidates,that shouldnotasreadi- pettyover a booth, should have no confusiun of ideas about what lioerty honor, Mr. Juiia T. BzAnv, tlie caooidste of have stated, diitlncnidied men advocate SlaveryOOOJTTLE 01 YiMEf. of Illinois, and Gov. Jobkbox, of Georgia. They, too, are thrown liefore the people, whoae sulEragea are ask-questions, uid no one to him nom Mer- find tJTayed in thow mottoes and watchwords, senti- dtfees liberty as •'•eeuTlty against wrong.'' whenever It shall be tme that there are just as many cising Us right of speech.: Bothowblttotkefloatb-Curass.TBXTRDX ABOUTKHI PABTT.There Is a small party wlilcfa I hare not yet named, Slavery—Slavery is a w«id that trip* Ughtiy on the world If toe; had always been shut up to Owaseo Slate—I mean Thomas Powsaa, Re ventured aed ia their support.Another Convention, representing is a soraewliat ir-regular form, but yet coataining representatives of 20ments which define and fairly represent the objects Ibat is liberty. Think it over ai to what Morgan konea to toe world as If diey had always em Slates ! Do they enforse their vtews in ttedifferent StatesUnlcm, has placed in nomlnattonpast polit-bricklayerical history of this are Gov, of to the country. They Bux, party widch seems wholly devotedGovern- where, then Iin toe idea "Tennessee, and EnsTAan £vbuit, of Massachusetts ;have promised, are before the wliole people for ita choice.aad with what they,whatpossess, with what they liave done, whatever theyThi.siytheirduty. Thatisthe01ourGovein-employsenergynventthatis theplanforNow, cantheyii'gblacks, you take the 600 whites and you have 500the Constitution and the enforcement of toe laws."WeaTnhact otfhe Governmetont of a Terraintdory organizedto be again defeated, a duty avoidedand the truth is,? I know that are for RepublicanspeacefulThis monstrous proposition,absurdity is obvious: but let me say to genUemen, telligent free people led the framers of toe Breckto-to leave out toe word and to Slavery,plause.]Now, this is literally trne.polygamy—a and secure get hearingdlfference and contempt for toeirConstitution of the United Statesdefended or required from Congress toe creatifMa, theTuesday afternoon. We now give it !n the ciiC t-lde or the other, some great sentiment, or some great interest that shall tie dibseminaied, spreadj'tfcat cttybeing intradoeed to the audience, saidthat toat move-South? Whereis toe line drawn! Tlie phrases have deprived ot lift, HbartT or ptopertT, wttboat daepieeetaMr. CaaiBiiAjr Ain> Fiuow-Citisuis:re^»re?cnted rightly by this sentiment of lilierty, and *' "oftoefree. Why did thev uot go there? Why did toey shoot clearofoaaraas for the party to which we are ail attachedaay ezpectatiensayingor doingWe reach now trom shore to shore of toe two great oceans of toe world.:It li .*aid, gentlemen, that the Republican Party, IfGeorgiaclimate and fertileto violate it: of a TeiritorialIt is no', with uayttiingand prolificsoilin^^tedtheiadlvidaaUi. tsBut what lias became of toe division between ence to Slavery in any Territory of (he Umtea bJ»K».,'naayethercitizen whomight be favored the PresWcntial canvoi^s—no State interests forceOcean,retuniitihiagtliad claimed for its between tlie North and toe Souto does not the expressantecedents,prtneiples tlieyttiat he ought to change Us oytailsa T Why be Was taken—he was beaten wito many stripe* oatU Ihaor aactker by sham, substitute, fragmentary, or nominalrepRseattasInStates of the Union, have put In nomination Mr. Baaoa-you tiiat, as a political duty, we have nothing to do wito the passing of toe laws to toe Stotee whereSlaverayn,d thelioiUugbenignity, featliera desceodinalarespectatloDS at the eanraae. The weather haa jaaisfli, of Kentucky, and Gen. Lass, of Oregon, whodelegationabsorbing, controlling,predominance and preSmincnce over the sentiment ofare also before thefor their And suffrages.it strikes us, at first, as sometldng quite differ-tlieyand if it overflows thatitisafnndamenlalprlndpieofcivilizedsodetyand conductand toe character of the RepublicanPaity;greatvrito toe coexistence of toe two together. I mean while toey run on as forces and for the mas-theor>' upholding it.they and because ofRelepnurblfiorcatnheParty upon public grounds, safe-the of the whole man nimseif—toetheydefeatinglabor, andbythe other he is the master of Ms ownNow,gentlemen,or 'Territorialgressional legislation.the if could show us that by our candidatepresentgood of the country, and it is the best which they, attwo methods, level of toeone of which man is degraded to thefied toat it is quite toe other way.in thewithout toeireither afConstitutional election in the House oftives be able then to agree upon a candidate, and thus avert thcte dangers to the Constitution and the Union, we might put more faith and have more pa- tience withthete, their views. But when they get toNow, ^entlemeu,the in Repuijlicui Party,body, and is lifted up by his own effort toto moral, in-my tellectual and social development and improvement,That it Is the of the Federal Ooremment, to dutyall its departments, to protect, when neoesaary,gentlemen, that they propose to carry on tids entireliberty and for tiie Union I Itnow that itheythe name of and and toe fear of an in- Slavery slaves,and enforced upon the ruiiid to divide the popularso the voice.--counrry, and by major to carry intoour ex- Alabama and ? The laws of countrygeographi- cal description while ihe population of this pountry was confined to toe margia of toe Atlantic Ocean.' as as be what seems to be pertiaent and try, that with every general election for Parliament- and bulk for an idea. Is it then U> be objected to that briefly may whatever the purposes of the partv may be, they must It has not an idea tiiat is in the people's heads andhave now reached.By the form of the Constitution one simple duty isin wiuch we areouesiion wheiherour Territoiies shall be cultivatedthere are 120vote«important in the very stage of tiie caavass which we go to the country upon some vital'iatcrest of the Brit- licur.^ T who make Gentlemen,political right,:settled long ago Free Statesfrom service. But I do notiiedtote to*ayTkat is the extern ant. limit of our duty and ;la^ga part of our dtirenp seem to be in any- engagedthese are .uirning dL-saises by which tlus conflict is sought 10 be made 3coKraphic»l,is the elecUon of a President and Vice-President.trust, they will always respond wiiile we are a nation, and neither our iiropKetic 1101 oui- imaginative vision carries us beyond tnat time. They are the t»o great sentiments of liberty, to wiiich 'we owe our birth as aThe have the idea.s and the out of people sentiments,w hich moral forces ;uid politics are directed and con- trolled. [ApplaHts.l And when a party on one side, or the other, has the Ideas and the sentiments that theaway from the reach of it.THE CHAEGF.S AGAl.NST THE REPPBI.ICAN8.No, gentlemen,waier which yve now live, is i.ver "thU people, andaual Jhat U What Goitrtuii,;ntfor hoertv- wiU be But there in aaoUicr i.enti- ntut which, as well as this one I hare named, forms,Sla\er» rth.iis \ua' they ;.ll agiee about ?some-liatible1. i;h the coe.^stence of tiie same races in theit,to the world.•whether they shall oji;yit>-tion was settled for us, a:iii it /. i:i rcmiia ioni.siTnisi-all .:|jilJi-(ie. ual numbers.with liieni ui Oil that ijoint. But we say. that bein.i; ai!iu;tlc'd. '.liey ciinot extend themselves into the Ter-StatCo, and carry with thcuistares, as ain slijulrt like to know what the whole function and i.iid ..elcnder of the uistitution o01f •j'l'y, what the whole province, what the whole scopejmfterine eon-idea, andliMlHic, ilie national life, the Constitution of our rnunected inseparably will; tlicse two s,'r.timen'.sUmon.sliaii be dj-iKi •,;"cd in any canvass with which you or licja Parly do riehtly in-.oiic these united scnIiniLut.i.\j|KoKgln preparation for the actual an.i .1 :ict.'-.aoWaf imposed by the Conslitutinn, 1net eay to you, tliat if tl:e Constiuitioii ;? i.imaintained and upheld, it is fj be by th-; .ir.c-'tiii.^ irolectid. Well, our arc op principles00. td :o Ui'- n.aintainance and pru*.et:iioii of .^laver>-bethe h. lies uf freccibm by Ms tinudity in the Tenitorial Governments tiiey create have sole aov-t andbi Irivsthe CoiutituUoaand, touched by that chord, it tnrows o;i the one .-idu or the other of it the opposing parties, ;in1 nhoriUUesconstantly asiilug'•whywii: }ou divide the people on the question of the sv.-teni of .Slavery, tliat it is the oidy system com- t^on w 10 rcgirdi.>pp:au,-e.J That ls if a ^reat div ision ofUie rights tiuicr of peison or property, in tne generaltoiha'; harecoininonieucStoftiiccoui.tij;. 'use ifjic to ~:iv it is the sheerest nonsenseI do not hes-yetapopulationAnd, gentlemen, it happens to be a little odd, withthe one i«dc or on otrhesootuhglhrt btyo tic deinurcatiou of .-tatc hiies. It .snolsiThi. eontrovcry b '.»^?« •/S?t„at'e;s olfAVin«eriicaG.nii.-men, that ques- Ukeiv <o carry the day.-.I'-'^i111 citiis i- I'lc lorm and frame of the tmencanourlove oithat Ui'y com-01; h"! iia:ill tlK' u" jrfti.s c'l ojiir.ioii in the .souliH-n'i .*>[:itts. andaboutand ? property Mttw,,peefoimanceHealhataie assignedance at the tine and In the manaer that the Cou«titii- we laie no uiii.ieofthat life itself,but little to usUeUaJtad States of Amertca,ingresitour couniry includesiL and Ibeiong.The ilepubUcanbosom fourAfrican descent. There i~ the fact. No Southern statesman or poUUclan cun disguise it :and us. a,id wv who s'.np ilic tide cannot be accu.-ed 01 lavornigfaithflUlyvery citadels:legislateof theto us under it, and their perform-1.01 if Ihe idea, gertleinen. is th»ithe Freefi 1,-. -.'.icy l.aree ILut tlie Rcpul'lici.n r.irl> is 'la nnv\n ir.c proudover the and rreigity Territory,States of flie. TT^onConstitution, di.s..,tred nud dis- nothat tlto Government of a Territory which by its laws and their a.iniinistra'Jon in the course of justice may hsT*intelligentlyUi.v it. ..ui.Uta'i, hat ausiit to do. For, libertyt'Ci:iciii,-i,j,i.n~ f|,int of our'nationai afe. the Union poodi* t!i> [io,!ilv and without it free labor is luc national ba^ls upon v-.'nch \ve ^'-.ildtK-ats ill etensions of .Slavery In toe City ofyetil-aics,wbat can toey legislate about? You mustduSlaveiv, whclh'-r i: be" f'l ill :!; il "isii" hl.'il.s- alEiiltv wilii lh?niBoston, ar.d '.hat WiKT£a Daviscannot property, why, to toe name ofa Convention in which ilstna vM-icnii- ir..n-.e is-la-.ion uiji.-h comes to Jcv. c;,-.i, v nciJicr Uesoul ofpiorcoiei nf thebyconjl'incl with the interests of ihe r or tabsurdityGovernment whichrules aTerritolV.were represented,bnt still with twentrfour orth.;.relatloils as and toelrs— well as white mentteentr-foura^ne partially, perhaps,SMes, the Republican sentiasent was fab-iy and hon-boar m list iHL-uiulioa ,„: meuibertti, so thai lilicrty can 110 lun nNorthern statesman can influence or p,rvcri it are. What have wc to do about them rl.V c.«<..>ion of th.itTIIE QUIsTIO.V OF SLAVF. INCEEASiE.Mary- areto nomination for theit, natjontd death and den.-iK-ti-iM fir.e;,i;cntlpmen Unitin our with our sympaUuesAnd here, gentlemen, Iish Constitution.Now, these are two great sentiments to wliich theown population,:would be very the institution of Slavery because toey put tliein- seives upon the general notion and name of property ;and the Constitotion of toe United States nowhere,not in Une, not to syllable, not by implica- any anytion, not by possibility, stamps toe characler of chattei-propctly upon men, to lie protected like bales of goodsanu hOijshcads of sugar under toe Federal jurispru-dence as Bui if the Breckinridge proposi- property.tion means to toat and the Territorial say Congress—sow devolved upon tile citizens of this oeuntr>-—tint which they w respond ass to which, be adopted under the direction of iesuling politicians.ance to the overflowing tide ofourparties of the country by that lm<, soon ended.lie.irts of the people alw ays have responded ill intiiiE ean\ —to 1superior power, and were let dowTi upon the people totoe of Slavery, as an established because presenceluid controlinsinstitution,necessarilydrivesthefreetttoRbut tliat. They becm to iuppose tliat the ques- nation, which sliines in ei try lii.c oi the Declaration peot.le have in ti.eir heads and it hashearts, enoughtliesc ^entiineids. tliat toe mostaie n.ade upon tl.e ilepubUcan l*arty. Our iclloiv-ciiiieiis of the Slhve states teU u*, in justification of vJ^ler^e il.eyi.r.sandtion which was before li.e Convention of 1787, and of Indepent'ence, the grc:^: statii'.c of our aatioi.al lor that cania^s. :?unjc of ourextraordinary ciiargess-umioricis of Slaveryu. l';c Lr.ilcdwhich resulted in the fomiatlbn ofopen ihey.it. Vi'i; cal.uut ,ain the crelitaiid uijuriousto tlie Legislatures have no .-ight to pass any laws impairingia aome;way " pure Anti-Slavery Party." Gnaii Shith, I believe, placed to the ctHaainnitias where it ia cherished aad ing negro equality. I take it tliat the RqiubUcan Par- [Laughter] The stripes exhUiitedto iiim ttiemad-of 19 some, vet representingclined to think that,this party regarded the sentiment of Liberty as run-niig through even the abject class of our population, Slavery exists—and that ends toat subject Where, ignorance and of degradation of anybody, iie never him again."] Now, Mr. O'Coiroa and Mr. Povaitg, in certain States of our Union, they really do give it then, does the conflict arise which causes this diver- gains any right, even by the weight of his little finger, running to different Unes of rea«m and argnaMntnowwhom will ye choose to govern, under the Constitu- tion, the people of all of Uie States for tiie next foursityWhy,bounds of these separate;binlirightRepresenta-— fa:ewnytelremaandaveryclosereasoner 1meanMr.ChazlesO'CoKox. He, m endeavoring to attract the aUention,favor and support to tlie institution of Slavery fromtoe people 01 the State of New-York, put to toem tiusthepower one or the other of the parties espousins one orin the the other of these sentiment.'?. This sentiment to be this love of Lruon. is a one-idea party. 'There isgenial industryavailable lor the purposes of a Presidential rauiass,party,«Mhyorare^toaMieisyou, Otat I aow arise, and themselves upon the attention of the people so aa tola the preaenee of this great multltade of aober and dibturb or be of any use in the canvass for Uie Presi- up, to furnish the antagonistic principles of three fatrillgent eleetoTs of the State of New-York, to say dency. We inherit the idea from our British ances other parties. [Laughter.] That is something in sizemust be soniothingacross the continent,and are are named in that instrument they are so described as and toat of our ancestors and in thpeerescoonrsd,s of theirthat ii» vital to t!\e t'onttitutionalthe ptinciples, the triumph of wiiich we de-^m Government under which we live, and as extensive tliat duty performed, we shall iiave performed our ob-I to the safety and true honor of our countrv, a.s the people >»ho^ie suffi-ages ure to determine the ligaUon to the Constlmtion of the United States. question. No local matters have a proper place in But let us see whether we are a '* one-idea "did the toelineofterritorywave seek to encroach upon va.st region of Iriterior territory. Thence toe divisionrr-- 1r;h\-if^ ,r:n^l,n^;respectable 'existence, Thelove of lih.-rty jK'i-.ad, s th.j people, v.Ki dor.'t !:kc aji-.ati.in, are us,:iie Has dar.^cousin the loudest and clearest tonesI.Uor.:.- prnmnter;--,,ev lis Mr, Y*H(S*.t,.Uio lives in Alaoama 1 Ulk^<e 01 cnaiti.ienis and of Itgisiation are but toe subjectoof and I should like to It '»\. l-i-sm:.-,'ofM:i»faCiiusetis, is as ptr.son property?[Laughler.i non:^en.-c, and he who tliinks l!-..-.t hi- call bv V, lus'iing raise Die v.ind to cany his tie spiritaf the people; there ia another sentiment ciaft :ior'>ss the .\tlantic, will liiink tliat in pol(tic^l1'iiat lie <.;" ^?-:^^^i^may be. We do not dispute I take V tnit il. ..ur mi.'.'t Mr. OXo.vos is greatwhicniscaliedhomeln this pressure uponjuntas youcan to iigret.nippress a sentimer.t or anI'liiledth, ir uli'cl. I'l'I-'iialion, without having Slavery jnain-si;u i.ccs, Uie feelings ptoi.lc, .Ind iliatmtelligencefor popu'ar u-c. Soasa' Ml Tirs"'». of '''"'i'''-I take It toat Gov. Saw- about il It is not p< rsons and propertr? I.-ho.iid lil-.e to know if the Government that gwraiaalhr,t l^a,€;.i;!i.eiit which nevernrfncip'.esli:aii\\'.ryuij iersfjid.lei yo'iwiilfin'<of .heU what relates to the actual b<idy much for t^at. Bultbt ieai' tiand theget upsome jihcr;.< a [..rse one. -.ir.a :i isc.iniiiy. it matters upyou have jot a Government, It can govern. Why do they Now let us uBder-^tan.l how not put iiic language so that it win read toat though itnever fail to aumit. t!.iu wiiu awithin it.smillionsand adva,ici:dpartic wi.ich are opposodloliberty be sei)ar;U' d 1.01,1 Uit „„ y of ,mmovethe result Acooretingiy we sliallin these great a^iu-ilions of an iJiMili-i-;!: umert^repreaented. They put•Mhges of the people of the United States, dwelllagWtarerer they may-ia Maojie, in JUiuisiana, in ple, whith form the working fur' cv of a I'rcsiJeniiai i^e 10 do wjlh the fiet poUtitally,1im our politicalairscpirneuaalnldvmHefrMe"twleie"yasanatioo-you and IIol'iauJ. NortiiofCarolma, aKnedntSulacvkcyrvaenxdtenTseiionc,.sa.snede,they!friep.0-whiow{Concluici on Eighth Piigt.\is called now ; the "Liberty Party:" ^mww la ,be wasstarved, he was insulted, he was hooted from the oom-THK SOITTHKBN DISTOIOK PABTT.fteugfa not generally approved. Tlie Fugitive and of a fair and full collection of ail the States uf Tbere is another party which, I am bound to say, attempt to remove ttiis African population out of the Sr toSlare law was unnecessarily liarsh and contrary the Union, is an indubitable fact.theybondage,intoto beopposedtoto Niothem sentiment and hmnanity. He had tolJ WHAT TIIK KKPtTBLICAXS INTEND DOING.he hadnth, and not for the better inforeement of that pro-slaves,and toose who have those sentimente, are en-to ifgaged anyttdng, you please, thaf'tbe lawdrawn the ilsloB of the Ckmstituttonhumiliateto without didates BazcxrifBiDai and Larb. Now, gentlemen, proceedaas woald do theArtywork ofeatching runaway—"of the sentiments, Liberty or Tlie Union of theshare of the dtixen's toe Government.Democratic oratbr how he thus classifies andsothat no Southern gentle-but I must say to you that aagroca, bnt the North had Ured up to this law a so far as I can discover, all the other imrties in tiltsmanythne^ janpleThe Democratic Party, under the leadership of S01WI.1S, were responsible for all tills sectional strife. The repeal of the Missouri Compromise was an act ' •^iraason to the TTnlon which merited tlie severest"Now,to-dw,of sutoage. He is asked whether he lias (SOencouragedthea man to possess $A0 worth of property before he can vote."voters of his capta!n,and crew, the owner ud. party,cusa'tions. [Applause.]TBX QUESTIOR OP THB TXBBITOKUS.Now, gentlemen, after all, coming back to the Ter- ritories, the question Is, are we planning, are wc ex- ecuting any oppressicm on our feilow-ciozens of tlie Southern States by maintaining the right* of fine.|n]lhauat Davsua was now politicaUy dead. IBs that a party which quietly, soberly and faithfolly sets about doing that which, unperformed, strikes at the M-eaDed great principle of "Popular Sovereignty" very foundations of a Constitutional Government—tothe North,'wlueh gives such a predominance to the Well, gentlemen, I huipen to have a little extractsentiment of Union, and jet adhering to tliis great in- from a newspaper which will show you anotlier ori- "toe jackass t" [Loud laughter.]TBI BELATXONS OP XABTBB AND BLATI.^yjiltaii Party was a moral certainty.said that they shape their formula in this wise:gestions,if to the Southern Statestoeyoccupied bylaborers, byIt vrouid girewhich are eminently his characteristics.Ilanator Deeonu reviewed the doctrine advancedwithout a cliief magistrate npon whom depends the .tkMsvmtry quiet and strengtlwn the Union, and re- entire executive course of tlie Government—that a party such as ours, and so situated, I say it strikes me Ikqneaty to the Government. He spoke over two as hard that it should be stigmatized in all quarters as I iriUi great power, and with that force and di- an enemy of the Constitution and the Union. It seems very odd to me tliat all the.«e other parties that pro-before Siwaui and before Lto-—tf Vuntt in his speech last evening that the Dedar- the ctmdnct and character of faithful sonants of theAnd we teke that issue. If free sodety Isnatural, Immoral and nnchristUn," which the Vir- wwiaHyginiaeditorsenItis,thsaiVfthBblgheatdatytoour- posltebaakoftoeriver,toKentacky.tbeteisanotoer Ing it. It to amistaketonqppoaethattoeCon-•Hoa of Independence Iscloded only the white dti- asns'arliii fliiiiiiil II iiirl their poaterityT Heshowed iriBbe Cite,~frdBi Jiithaaurt original draft of the in wtilch he designated negroes as men, a ytsc rimiU of which the speaker caused to l>e passed_^ THE BZLL XSD ETBBIIT PABTT.There 13 11 paiTy which ta'rlitrescnteab) the reapeo-tk« State afdUo,aai< tkat en thetip- pretotloDof the Constitation, and no views coneen-tM^umentanond the crowd. He also alxUded to the well-known W( hat should be the way in wliioh our opponentK;Party though,so far as 1 can cli6cover,-tlie same'po-of tliis"Irrepressibleside. Well, gentlemen, when some British olEcers enforcement of toe La«a,*'T%Sby have goneCBtlments of its framers and of their colaborers ia theBerolntion as totally adverse to the opinions of theBodem Democracy, and as coincident with those of wliOfc character and whose principles will maintainItta RepubUcana. He also combatted the posiiion as- the Ui.im anil uphold the Constitution. (Applause.]I!can sec, is so absorbed and so analysismany men of many mteds," and so long as Consti- and arefailure of regular antagonit>m between candidates,is local, and not national, the moment you remove ortoemeans", credit, and toe1pii i iijiiip»i«*«ITr*^^mfm ^5P"Georgia, In Michigan, in Oregon, or In California— canvass, one or the ether of Uwee great sentiments is citizens under the Federal ConstituUonT That is of Slavery, end that is, that toe carrying of toe tosti- oflacUaD8,or «f State*. [Loud appUose.) Mow AaauAB Lmcou, of Illinois, anJ HiSsisAi. Havuk, sought to be availed of ftn- party success ; I do not say the i,ues1ii B that divides the country. totion of Slavery toto new Territories does not to- that being the division, you wIU percdve toat whetoerimPBESIDENTIAL CAIPAM. 'i-derWed tliat condhlon, and it is maintained over ttiem extension of the Institution does not increase tlie num- iteeat B^ablican Demonttra- thbig in the character or purpose, the poUiical conduct election of a certain candidate. When you see they live. 1 need not say to you, gentleoaep, that we ligent gentleman, whom 1 ever deatre to mention witobefore the whole dislmnestly,—sometimes sometimes other- honestly,In the hist place, eentlemeo, these blacks are fir encase toe numlier of Slaves. Tney areoppeaed to in- < ornotonesentbnent or the other can makeheadmvofMaine. [Applause.j Theyarepeepie, and there i« nothing in the orgauixa'.ion of theparty, aothlng in the principles that we propose, no- certain principles wlU be promo^ by the by the force of the laws of the separate States in widch ber of slaves. [Laughter.] A very respectable, totei- country, mnst depend inoa the laws, iipon toe haWuwise, for sometimes there Is an enormous in the process of reasoning which sugggesatpa that<of slaves, bnt (hey aay that toe deveioipitself and findqieechpoUUcaUy ifbrelection,that widespread premise and this mean oonciusionbia, as from the banks of llie Penobscot or the North sometimes conclude that tbere is, possibly, a gap we free tWhy do we call ourselves free t What do tlemen, what can be, more abhorrent to toe plainest —that if Slavery wa« just, toen toer w%rekjIcMTkiWi^CarUraidFord River. (Applause.]Another political party represeuUng In Conventionandwhich may excuse a friend of the Constitution and we mean by freedom, except that we live in commu- principles of sodal economy bnt toat toe extension of right on tbeb side—that if Slavery wasvotingnevertheleas, some connection is to be preserved,youmustjndge,aiidthepeopledojudge,whettierinthe Uhartywatchword and promises of a party, there is a fair the common safety ? It ts to our laws,—and reasonable association with the success of the trates who protect thoae laws,—to toe processes of always been confined withto tlie ilmiteof Ireland;someUmes it baa been called lis on>coeats H baa generally been called the "Abolition Party," and sometiraes theAad now, there is another gentlaiaaen, questtonwhich 1 desfre to meet and and toat is fairly squarely,blood rantarred, he was Ite was feathered,thii•oatlcawa.tepartySlavery! nesaaad a—;is its candidate for the Nowcertainly,political senility to the institution of Slavery.choice andwhich allieshim with the bnitc, ids muscles, his nerves, his pOwer from toe other of 500 wiutes and 500 than those which are common to us —"judgment,witiicannot, (as llic Editor of the Richmond Ewp^i-sons and to toe Territories, and propertytiirnnoss,pettypollI am in- so Preaideacys.o hasmaintained as a social Institotton. I need to notsayty, and toat every man whose mind and nature has been devdoped by education and Christianity, feels toat because of toe actual condition of feebtenasa, offest of tlie tarexhaUng toesay what shall be done wito it ;Tha proccaaion was the largest aad most imposing Presidency, that there are so many tickets in the the feeling and hope of their hearts. I dont into the territoiies of the United States of America, the Christian religton, that aa before tiie eye of God, can be made known in toe eommunlties that diertolithe Senator who drafted it, to his face In the Senate, Now^ gentlemen, there is one party which proposes t**iments expressed by the motto or watchword whether that population shall lie held to Slavery,— Carolina, or from Alabama, or from toere is no fusion. It is not toe Norto that isto fulnll its constitutioiial duty and to couhne Slavery or Disunion.'* This party has for its can-or whether that population comes in toe to of exclusion of Territoryis the Republican Party;toe black man « ho must carry him T[Laughter.]for ours. I state to you as the distinctive feature of this Presidential canvass, that, whereas, the duty is that astand that they now give in their adhesion to the in- terests of Siaverr so »r, so rehementiy, and so ex- clusively, that if their plans, their hopes and theirbiiity between the intereste of slave labor and of free labor have been brought tiefore toe notice of tlie peo-srautghgerstiooan the man. He " You says,amons tliePresident shall be whereas, we elected,.andGov. SawAKn waswitodistriet-attomey,ises, all the threats, all the hopes are that we shouldcotmtry, thus fading of Slavery's prosperity and ad- quences.says,jackassbe prevented from choosing our candidatesso far as'can sec, none of them propose to orchose their own. Now, it is a little hard. Gentlemen,Repitollcanpose to defeat the whole canvass ana prevent tiicple from coming to a choice, should, on their various platforms on various pretences, claim for themselvesor down—to live and or dwindle and thrive,moral and uncliristlan, it must fall and give w^ topopulation of whites and slaves, as a unit, is a bettertention first to the propositions of the dUerent sec-CoBstttutlun ""^ rr^""*"** "*"*^" "*'"" agaJTiTt'T -tiir^SepaBircans.TBI qrxsnoH or coKBTiTunoiiALnr.un- snppoee there are 1,000 white people forming a little sUiutibnai Union Party. wUoh has given na no Inler-mark how theon what do they juc^tlfy themselves in this course* That we are dangerous to the Government, and that'There certainly is an irrepressible eopfllct" stated.Now, gentlemen,matter stands. Up-success tlireatens the Union and the Constitntlon;tively built upon these two opposite systems tryingshould act when a canUidatc is in nomination putmysteriously!owuhrose success threatens the dangers which they al-What is tlie way to defeat him tby putting in nomination against him a candidatelege ?Manifestly"tutions. Governments laws open to etmsliiic-—as a man frombe lifted into freedom and protected by security Pennsylvania, or from Ohio. But toey say we whitedisorder and without confusion, without disturbance here is a party that discards and on these tramplesagainst wrong, is precisely toe duty and the actionpeace orthreats of the public safety to two sacred sentiments alike. So absorbed is it in theof thethe election of the candidates that have beenfor their »ul&age. That party, I need not say to you, they choose, I have selected their own nomenclature,public—or let them call it whatthat must meet, whatever toe youAnd toere is;proposedSlavery.TBI IBBEPBI88IBLI CONPUCT.Now tois conflict has tieen said to be irrepressible, RepublicansBut let me aak thatofcanvass are determined that they will not perform States." Ami they give us the proposition, I ttdnk,great deal better thadtlK South hadtha law against theirspecial mterests of propertyconsequences, protection and defenoe ofoutcanying[Laughter.] —will tolerate, or tliat toe law will wink at. tothat they will advance it before and beyonil eitheryourtoat stigmatizee, <toa»."ja suppose You remember how BciUAHm FaAsauH aided the vote the Republican tteket ? CLaughteiin^ltenever diffusion of universal suffice, when toere was a prop- are caoght to the servM'of SUreryproposeto perform that all the polidcs, all the sentiments be not adopted tiy the American people, ?l6eS.8 Invented this doctrine of anhaving irrepreaiibiea man himself to exerdse toe professesduty,zeal, all the oratory, all the enthusiasm, all the prom-wriogrhth of He property.orat tl)e abomtoation, it ia for toem to cease Ilieir ae-and confirmed by the suffrages of the voters of the" Yes— thatisworth$90." Hevotes. Weil,attoenextelec-ecuting, promottog, defending, protectingvrinktug*' **ward as the candidate of theand that vancement, they will take disunion and Its conse- so that reproach, if It tie a reproach, as our opponentsexpecttodied he cannot vote. asks Dr. "Now,"peo-upTHE OOTOLAS PABTT.two earlier tlian Gov. yearsFaAmuri, " which was it toat voted ttie year before, toe man ortliatNow, there is the Douglas Party at the South and was toe author of toat doctrine.as its for the sake of^ Union andwill it vindicate, will itei^pouse,ow nertasks from liisFreeand with faith in the and energy ptopleftT says.) among civilized men, coexert and endure."pelto inscribe as tlte of its tianners in tiiis contro- ' legend" toat free youISyour sons here, wtiile toey are under agedifference between the lad of 20 at toe Norto and the used, and for thTehebeyst of reasons. The abhorrence of slave at toe South being that the lad is to be emanci-:the condition of helplessness against would have as a chauce under thisKentocky, opposedvaasetaeataadahnaibiig. The success of the Re- perform that duty which, falling to be performed, terest ot Slavery which is in our poUUcs. It may be gin for this doctrine of tlie irrepressible conflict" Now, gentlemen, pursuing the tenor of these sug- labor, and our propmititm ttiat tlie Tenitoriei ahdLbeleaves our Government tmtil the defect be supplied,between the forces of slave and free sodety. TheRichmondfree free dtixens from Geor-What is the objection," toey say,versy, " Liberty and Union now and forever, one and people of toe North have to going mto a Temtory and inseparable." C.\pplause.] Do we flatter ourselves or running the forces of free society parallel with the disparage our opponents in this distribution and divi- system of slave labor ?" Why, the mis-al conflict be-precisely,the only while the slave conttoues in thecontroversy for these great offices against the Consti- ask no greater liberty and no greater power tery, for I admit toat the aduai condition of thelor themselves in the regions of our where when it is settled toat the Institution is to country slaves,when toey are using tliis reckless argument, that it istution, agamst the Umon, and so far as their actiongoes, their success will be in the fact tiiat for the first United States will have been elected anywhere. (Ap-they live than tliey are willing to accord to tncir fel-out toline orI know that it is a prevalent, fervent and predominant sentiment of the Republican heart, tliat when we get outside of that natural feeling which we give to our birth-place, when we get outside of tiiat allegiance wiiich we owe to that political community imown assy polygamy,live—outside of that drcumscription wMch nature passions and matDSS her subject to his capriceswhat objection there is to polygamy occupy- ing a Territory, and why toey caimot go and live side by side wito tlus institution. Gentle- men, nature is stronger than politicians. (Applause.) She will have her own way. Now, practically, is notthis so t overflow How happens it that theof that eoold property theytheStateinwhichwenerebomandiawhichwe stemof toattreatsherastheslaveofidstiiatRepublicanwhat are persons under toe Constitotion,for, and work for, under these llfa-gi>isg sentiments of " Liberty and Union," the good of Alabama and Louisiana as much as for the good of Vermont or Michigan. [Applause.]and property in toe Territories of toe United States. What is the Republican doctrine about protecting toe rigttt of property and persons to toe Territortes t between. The ordinary phrase for it is that it is be- The eighto section of the tdatform adopted at CUca-ailIS of theTHK "ONE-IDKA" CBAP.GX.Iment did not turn down into Virginia, the Carolinas,—MoftheConstUoUon Malnst all attemptepaicouniry.ask,whesever iuch iMisUtion uneeMMiT, to maintain tbto orevWan;:days,'but one duty confided to us in tiiis canvass, and that isthe East and toe West !doctrine is toat tlic Consti- bythe election of a President and Vice-President, andAnd why. not until thiy had occuiiled to the Pacific We have toe great Mississippi Valley. Wc have a not properlvand whether it is a If it tie founded reproach.Slaveryintoespiriton an idea, it is an idea large enough, when dindedit butdelibe-ations wouldeverywhereth^parties, platforms, and combinations, and who furnish sentiments ! One would suppose that were made to order bv sometheysaybv free or by slave labor; it is a question of vital import- and it is verj' easj- to see toat a conflict dividing the Breckinridge proposition entirely toils to coveringWhy dont vou .Jiride them" uponand eilcnsive sense in widch theyn country an.) our lo\-e 01 Ubeitv, and. can be, and never thtreiorc, t.ie porpo-os aid o( -.he i(»-^ub-no nijre ioM an opponent ol'en'o'i df t'.au Cassius M. Clat.oI cannot lepisiateorwealth and power. 'Loud apiniirs,..- Nowandfuioi 01 tin r.ii)iijiii;iu to pjli-ci;.a\es "it '>f jj'l; ".cVe. [Lou'r ""'*"KaNyo,w-York and tBoa-ldtaiy- eithc; hai e a Government or no GoremmenL iforbad, poliiicperrici'jus, is" localand that.al>out personsand I say that in the preparation wi.ti, •rour f.'o. ;iiii-;)y, powi-riulaad prosperous na- is iiie idea, and it is a'l idea iHrqc eaousli !(• ;,n\' n,!- ihc Tc.-iilo :c.s. in ;iic cni-iioi; of onr .Soiiih.'m liicnds. r ITie fiict is, gentlemen, popjlaiionTl:c v.oiUi. leirom theof persona ofpriacipicsduties, notor our moral and religiCHUI "'*."«?,«'••inbuoturwlia' havaesdut;-Untitled Documentto soothe tlieirphilantfiropjr,been used,friends,iMi.cnts 01 thatiustilu--.t-.atciple- i'arty keep a ii.'oic J'cpi'''"' '^''>' ;tton itaelf proposesfor the performanceparties have proposedCerent candidates for the PresldeneysMeneyof the Unapd States. One Convention was lost lit iiauanaJ 1,;, .hehl by the party to which you, tor the most par;, I the o,.e sciiiinuKi ,i.-ih ^r^:.;ei- ardor, as it view, there is in it, and that the must j^r.'oef. thalwi aic Ul luv.jr of .vfncauizinB llic Conunc.ni. ll'c pr'-atshcre of the banliera.the CTcat sliureoflhe hy v, hich to make some magicaTeiception of Slavery;-c,V c aie gioapcd. ?»o, too, to'-re are large01 'iv.r population—the slave-tradersof that duty, various poliiical uor.ii me, Mijl._:» iis . ie:.ui-l,low iroin a wound in- tioa to have for a Tour yean,' c-jjivas^. "[.vp^jlau l-.;is lu ki-^p l-e Aliicau race out of liic TLlTil.irie.-*.for the suffirages of the citizens flicted u.ju.i lirs iiv.oriroiii awound inflicted upon theit ir. .\mJ yetfill tlic rcrritoiiiwIs a t;ovemment, and oaa alxnit legidateand Vicc-Pre-charge!personi property,6I.av!:bt locax ami .vot natio.sal.bcii.'d, equally \.ij. fn^iic.:, impcriahsod, has Let us see how tids question arose—how niu.-h of of ours' ihat our principles wouldpersons fit them out— U ey say that slaves are neither nornaii.,)i.al name..i ineGovcri.mij::!, Poland, dismem-V F.iv. and while thev ii in "ffeci ^is a landit caimotV\ In,.-Partv of the seems t.iio.sod. iel -IS n.;icr doutft.—let usand ail themni<y.-l i;itcrests of the Northern SlaKs.-tlms'-tippurview of legislation ?dogma, It is a monstrouane contendHie sliives out, e.^ter^sioii uf l!.c ii.slituuun luid u, llie poyulat.onon of thatfor fact, aad fact that cannot be disfigured or kept out of Willi white people and would about, widch all keepNorthern potis—'.he nierchant.s whothemostpartintheoonditionof thenumber Slavery. They have creasingand actthe furtherance of it to one or toe otoer part of thewhomIsuflragebanks of the Artsnsas, from tne banks of the Colum- tion will vote for John Smith for Constatile," you as it may be, exists wholly by positive law. Why are recently delivered aaligested that idea. Why, gen- question was, whether Blavary was just or aotand are. Slaveryone ofiiavethe that " all the friends of the Union and the Constitu- them. The diflerence between them, wide and deep for Governor ot thli .ftate, to a public speech that be luded. Stated to a lane near-York audience that thethe Union from for Smith. [Laughter.] But, nities whose laws leave us free, as God made us, de- the area over which a race is distributed does sot tend unjust, toen Gov. Sawaaa and all hla Kilowncandidates. Look at the various parties that are be- these laws which give to the feeblest the support of wbeuever we shall feel that toere are no more de- and tiiat all of toepnustloai atgeat- } , to halaiesaneaa against wrong, [ap- plaose,] aad that is the legal eondiiton to wUeb It iskept1-Iwrong, just goodprtociple to Slavery; it is toe people, who tiave ttie seimmenteorators, by their polttical courses, by their; fliat the continued concesslcms wrung dates, and are determined that we siiall not perform it platforms, and by their conduct generally, to under- and various authors of tills doctrine uf toe irrepressi- erty quallficailon wUcb he wished to atwiiah, oy a we sliail hang our heads ? But wlien the orator1^ Slavs tradeft«a tka fean of ae Norfli hadaxtreme demands and faiacrienee of Southern ultraists.that constitutional duty in reference to their candi- byto con- flict." Since toat time Mr. Lmcoui lias been put for-theyofw here ver else its constitutional autoority extends."systemrespect.So you see, gentlemen, that none of toeseluggestioatliat theandreproachedParty, aad Intended it, lias been transferred to Mr. Lmoour, andSawAnn,they sayhe,all hisas of oxen and of horses, m the latxir that the slave[.\pplause.] Let us see why.Let us sec what are some of the trivial objectionsthe same indisposition with the framers of these '*away, may temporarilywith preventtoe black as it is to say that the black is on toe same stract idea of toeanyof his children and tiie part of his household—and thefrom therealmquirywillavailanything.Weareapo-earliercivilization-how happens it,impenetra-tended over the whole toe ;as if toere had been a wall of fire drawn on the northern bonndaiy of VirginiaNow toe Republicantotion of the I'nited States slaves are personsany one'galnsayco.nplato tliat theabject dependants.blacks remaining. It is that dilution of the black pop-in our magis- to the world than toey would liave lieen if they badriglM(ilIi»oa oommunity defeneeofhisrights,—that seeadanttofEnglishmenthanifthiswUeConltoent toeRepublicanside. Mr.O'Coaoatoaclear-thinlOBC, ly with no intention to impute wrong sentiments, my we are freemen. Str Jsaii Molimui, toan whom had not been opened to toat popolattOB, bM they had bonest man, who utters Us fentlmenti fteelr on tM«whole in opposite <9faiicB'were views of the various parties, and I do say that we there never was a clearer thinker in these matters, all been confined withto toe island of Oreat Bruato attempto stopforethepeople. IwIUstatewithcandor,andcertain- theand pnrposes, the moving and controlling feelings that actuate the parties now before the people.is your condition of liberty. It is security against been c<mtBed to (arm-worli to Vermont, aad liad not eral way of argument, saggestions, and fair aad wrung. You are permitted to work out your iMrcn distrilrated over toe country for toe luxury of its est influence? There was an humble mechaal& asentiments and the purposes of your aature, aa an to. popolatlcm everywhere : whenever it shall be demon-man of Msh origto, who went to toe State of Boath—and which has its candidates before the people a tongue, but Slavery is nothtog but toe local condition Lake, and not distributed to rivers and lakes every- gestion toat Slavery was not "just?' not "ang- — beaiga," not beneficent" en lioncst opinion, doubtless, and of the single idea of Ubeity, and which seems to me ment aader which they live and wUeh rontrola that the extension of Slavery Jnto Territories does one which he gatoered from observation. Wliatweretoere will beto liave falled in a true-coarageoDi comprehenaion of tbeai ;—and perliape as ready and complete a not tend to increase toe number of slaves. [Ap- the argumente that were uaed vrito himto lada^ Hatwhich tlie slavesthe dutr of Americas eltlzens la thli behalf. I am delnitlwaf siavery as has yet been given would ptonse.] sure I dont know predseiy by what name be the awnfrwi of the defiaitioa of Liberty.inspiration inare, by power of thesomething'XBOBO KOOAUTT.and that, if thev could have their own way,and ba4 to choose whether tliey would carry on to itsfinal triumphant success, this prlndpie of Liberty at laws of which its condition is fixed, toen it beoomei a acter to add to the inlsfortunes and feebteneaa of the honest argument by ail the arte of fiUr and honaat in-Unionpolitical because toen it Is be-No, gentlemen, oar ConatUatkia makes otu suS'rage free—leaves it to be scttled<br;when this black is to overflow the populationAnd 1 take It that it will be a lime longbeforewiUplauscandlau^iier.\ —criticise tne sentiment. It is an honest, manly then and I and everr citizen has a re- soto the judgment of toe law, all men who are menand defend Siaverv, yon may rdy npen it tiuf tirfiewaaBBenced at S P. H., at Jones' Square. Messrs. sentation of the whole 33 Ijtates of the Union. In and brave sentiments are avowed and enforced before yond State jnrisiliction, and is withto the jurisdiction am making this suggestion about tlie Republican as toere are to defend and protect slave labor here.Warn and Caana, of Ohio, Doourru, of Wisconsin, our own Convention, as 1 have stated, there this people bv the fair arts of public influence, I liave of the United States of America. And as It is a con- Party's notion of the equality of negroes. God lortiid [Applause and cheers.]were 24Md Seaournis, of Mew-York, addressed the mnlti- as it was, there were but iitheir supporters. I think, however, tliat the members to exist in it must be;in the Douglas Convention, made upnot a-word to say against them, nor a frown to give to ditionthat it must have the supportof toe lawthat any man should say that I, professing, as I do, toTHE FBOIIOIEBS OP THB 8LAVE-TBADB.withMr. Waib made a powerfuljae maasares of 1C90 to be a concessioB from the of fact, that are not to be disputed, that the sentiments erty, all that we have or may liave, and tliat that Missouri, o) Massachusetts and lUtoois, have our say, look a little at this subject of negro equality from cratic orators, too, to, toat we are atadea from three stands.and in theBrecltlnridge and Lane Convention there were but haps, liberty much, twt they not appre- toe Tertitorles into which it overflows. Tbus, you be quoted as opposed to tliat ktod of equality to tlte lished and now maintato Slavery, to upliOIdWorth, while the Sooth yielded no right, and said theywere acquiesced in by all parties as a settlement, connected with or involved in this canvass ; for tliecan;everyotiieri Everett Convention there were butin the Bell andfact,governedregulated by speak —deliberation,witodrcumspecuon, with aAnother sarcasm tliat we suffer very cuttingof these people are divided in no iaconsiderabie de- libertypromotedour opinions, our votes, onr action, and our principles poinU of view widch do not occur to our Southern race that we are fond of abovegree upon subjects tliat are or were supposed to beuponGenileraen, as I have said, toe idea being that Slavery excluded Slavery or slaves from the territory would our leet ; that we fit out slave-traders ; that our mer-of this party fail of their full duty. They do not,love too dowliich caimot be be promoted out of it.in the Union cannot [.\ppiause.]hypocriticalyou sponsibiiitytodependentevaentparticular relation,that it is willing to adopt, and really does feel the sen- Territories, under your Government, under your laws, white man who chooses to go alone from Souto furnishes the means for this abomlnabte traOc" Well,has given so unfortunate, and, as it seems tome, so Stotes In which monstrous a perversion to the sentiment of liberty,are held m1your vert 80 far, then, as whites are concerned, the whichtoey say:LooknosTat the North, Slavery, and yet{ro<a oftoe white people must be made, it is very easy to New-York, and where not ? That depends, it to said, and Slavery an interest so strong, tliat tliey have not Two opposite and conilicttog forms of sodety see toat to certain most ImfKirtant relations tols popu- uposi toe Constitution of tlie United States of Amer-the courage, the faith, the reliance upon free princi- cannot, among civilized men, coexist and endure. lation is the master of the movements of toe whites. ica ; and the propodttonE of toe diffierent Platfonns —Slavery and Union; that is tosay,not thatthey pre-Eaijuirer,fer Slavery but that the Union is a sentiment so strong, co"LH laid down this proposition : ,ples sufficient to lead them to adopt more devotion The one must give way and cease to exist toe otoer [Applause.] on tills subject are put forto by toe diiferent parties to even to the Union, and that Unton and Slavery be become universal, if free sodety be unnatural, im-. But agato, they say, that to toeir estimation a mixed gato the adherence of toe people. I will ask your at-voteddecayand honor of tite country.—a social system as old A universal as man." [Laughter.]— asslave societythe woriu, as"toan ancm onetions of toe Democratic and then to our own, Party,may be,for the safetypopulationequalpeopteis theircontrivancenumtier ofsloe oftoe itoe, allwldte. Weil, gentlemen, let us saying first a word or two on the Platform of tlie Cqn-»lable candidates—at least in the J'ree States, doesnot seem to put itselfupon the same footing in these regards as the Oouzlas Well, gentlemen, these mav be called toe obsen^era safer, and tietter commtuiity than toe 1,000 on our ments, "The Union, aa'iriMliUiilllMi, and the^Messrs. Bzu, and —selvesandtoail wemustbettihted into slaves. men, "community made up of 500 whites and SOO negroes and this latter community, toey say, is stronger,wiser,'"Etkbett, so far as Isubjugated to this sentiment of Union a wise and pa-triotic sentinnentwhen not to ex- man seizes upon him, degrades his labor, stimulates,munity,of 1,000 white men, IKK) white men, tion and if want us to know wliat opini&n, youpushedtravagance :hat|it is willing to put itself upon a foot- enforces,year and you have 500 white men remaining. But opinions are you must use some otoer ptiraae or terms— adopt,Evxbjtt which,;Etituttonal Union Party knp eoafined selves to declaring aa'^iwir imljtconflict" between the forces oflitical organization in the Slave States seems to have slave labor and free laiior—lietween societies respec- were to excuse the defeat of one of their frigates funher. They liave said that it to toe dictate of antrauthor of that conflict is He whoby frigateEnglishmen retorted by saying ttiat two-tlifrds of toewith just toe other third toat made tlie differ-ence. take from toe one com- (Laughter.] Now,and to have no other sentiments at all. patriotismframedtoe difference between slave labor and free(Laughter.) None whatever can " we liave ezcttit— labor is this, toat a power superior to the individualgets bywhat it deems peace, harmony and quietj political labor is informed by man and directed by will. It i^ ulation that toey consider a larger and better element Now, the Breckinridge Parly say tliispreference,servility,andsurrenderthosefreeandspontaneous mastearjiopfUchaistiownnlimbs thetoteliebcyt,thepassions tososciidet.ythananequalThantumibsenrotofwliitepeopleonsentiments which all free men feel on this ? by one[-Applause. "iall go in for that, fApplause.] :But political servility and Union are what they with which God has given him to rule his own body. ity but negro superiority. [Applause,] We submit to and during its existence all citizens of toe Unitedaie willing, in substance au'l effect, to for the And it is quite obvious that so long as toere be toese the argument without Ili-naturc, because we are satis- States have an equal right to setUe with toefr proper-*'is to take hold withready confidence,•*within the principles of our fathers, of the two great sen-timents, that divide sometimes, but really should al-ways unite the patties of the .Xmeiican people, and which are made sometime.^ by honest-minded men.by brute,tyson orTerritory, property beingrightsper- by Con-\sayandper- the laws of the Government having jurisdiction even just regard of duty to myself and to you, should ever bom the voters of toe States tliat liave estab-'JO \•ad efTactlTe speedt. He demonstrated the Compro- 10. This, gentleman, teaches us upon distinct lines ciate the fact that the Union is at the bottom of lib- and I, in common with the dtixens of Alabama and lowest and feeolest of the human race. But let us their favorite institotion, and from the iMiaothesubject. Now,this ? irlends.do notlawwhich I shall ad- tosurance and ;Qfofes&esTheywhite men from going there, except ctianto furnish toefrom men of toe South cannot go toto a new Territory wito-underyour duty to tlie Constitution and in niamtenance of the difficulty. Now, which is ttie master of toe situa- advancement ofour blacluus.tion and of toe toture of tiiat man toe wliite man orbe made to regard to tiieproperty votingwho denounces onr counte widtednesa,1 liave ation the man comes up again, but ids jackass liaving"in toe eye of toe law, toe condition ofreso- luiions to mention the word Slavery" toat to icnown to have prevailed wito toe framers of toe Fede^ Constitution, determtoed toat it slioald not beoiveit toe pabuc mtod and toe public attentionthataot admit into that Constitution even the wwo L'sue. it is a real issue. It is deep, permanent, as that is not so. If it were so, why toen, tmder our sys- " sertiiude," much less "slaveiy," bat onlythat tills is not aneces.sary as the principles of human nature. You .see that besides being a question of political duty andIs bet» eentoe Slave States and toe FreeNowgentlemen, you seefictitiousStates,,siuie couijnui.il}— '.hat is, their coexistence in at allb^i- of Look at Itn;oi;e-oftuevofelie^at, i:now wh.it there is in New-York to•'rhi'iel.' i'^ o: s'.rupej-uus aa advocate SisiVery legislateint'ie 'i'ciiit.Tii-. T.*iat we avowiiersousconcerned.have beenfrom toe Slave States and ISJ from the;f^'ni.ciy 1 take it that Mr. RrtRJiTT to say tiiiTt liie Congress of toe United States aad the Kcr 'ck'v.* i.%pp!ausc.]It is awouldcf .\1:J' ai^ii'lns .\mcrica. Ti.e aiiJ prin- cl.cers.l St. Louis iswhile tlitir- princip'ts would carryclai.scs of ourand Why dont;h(pioperty,hut arc mixedlegtolate about slavesoT Ixito—or take some otherconflictingpartiesatalL ThentoeywillsaythatVermont,of Freedom, who are opposed to Slavery notrequire;;have a dass oftoe population in subjection to whom toe movement gia, Irom Souto Carolina, from Massaehuiette,the an American having a smaller crew, theabout the same sentiment of Slavery and Union, with-out Slavery or Disunion, and yet not coming to anyhlgher standard than Slaver} and Union. "Tliis party tills union of the body and of the soul which consti- crew of toe American ship were Englishmen and w tiat are embraced to toe formula, The Union, tae in the Free States, represented by Messrs. Biii and tutes the human race. [Applause.] For in toe last Irislimcn. " Yes." said the American, " and it was Constitution and toe enforcement of toe laws." Well,I:anduponthelecllogaoltlMpeople. Thushen,asIIt to say toat the wiute man is on toe same level wa£ only bv covering up toe questton uniler the ab-ordefenceofSlavery.and of Well, now If you will take toe Republicanprotectionand political duty draw closely around us, 1 know toen ask the free of toe Norto and the free our poutieal duty. We act upon toe subject Slavery about what is property under toe Constitotion, andliticalparty. WeacttoourFederalrelations withinideasing popu-of the sterile soil and inclement climate of and South ? Tlus '• Irrepressible conflict has but toego says:"New-England Slates, and of tlus and other Nortoern occupation of tiie territory by toese contending tides of toe United States to that of Freedom,.we wwill maintain the conflict in fuTor and for the g«od of ble West imposed such barriers to toe progress of in generaJittes. WTiat is toe Norto? Wliat is toe national territorits anained tiiat No srasea ahoaM b*ill diikseminate themwewill them upholdweStates, have In thewhen theno meaning in our political Constitotion.no such It answered well to powers. veryThere areof tow.' It beeand we deny the anlEority of Congress,it is manifesttem of politics, widch gives toe predonitoancc of Fed-, the word "service;" and toe only sttiacent eial votes the power of determining the question, it clause of the Constitution to that whidioflooks ;o the (rendition escaped togitivesthat toeAi'Dci1-iiomo.efier}..;1CL'iisidtnno its position, is as bold at least i^s licrton. [ApplLUs-.]suj a manv of the hincBt, of the fanners, greatni:.in, poor but hardy inechiii.lcs may notice a proposition orrKU"!'" Slaveryai-1 and feci with the Ilepublicaii I'aily. l.tppiause.] The di» ision if of seniinicr.l aud ol opinion and notpupalation. l.\pplause.JVirginia,cchonhsascicncct fori hbeyiruuiimnfvifpl'cTrsci.nnc.es on tllo suljjn.t IIthe policythat aandmaintenanceofSlavery. Agreatmany doesnotincludetoedominionoverslavesandtheirIhcir crews,hangersirteiijst^ are slave.''.oliers in toebe circumscritcdo-iodorjuosftitcegentle mantle of ita beneficence. [A Voioi—"titmoneywatch thing, and trample, for gain-sake, our principles undermerchant, the banker andtoe otteera andmarshal, andtoewlM>ieooncemengagediapros-rightsNow, gentlemen, you will notice tliat toere wastoe estimate of it as aforeign institution made our fathers to sedulously omit irom toe whole framework of toe ConstitotienLeftolatnre, or of anyilve.iflral exist;;thatwheneverUieypeepingsyllatile.ear daty, by legislatlan,•Tbut the merest tn- ttimtmThomas M. Tryniski 309 South 4th Street Fulton New York 13069www.fultonhistory.com^f^IB ~iaa 