 •(•&MK#1i -you.it? K you do, yon ore veryaad will aot, so ami*, toWhite we ottot o Trashiest, it will be ear doty toI'Dvrtag tbe speatMv pisjeeajjoas poared a tareat seettoas «f the city, with ansae aada. .atiag tbe Palawtt* baaowr.(to tbe awellma* there are bang eat sack mottoes aa "Sow or aever-" "No at "Tbe argoaaeat to eased,' "Staad to "gaoia OarolSa* gees it aloaw—aer trampsTbe tri-eetor 3ag wee bang oata «at dieaU^eans^IriaSitottoUato.' N^»fJ*!J « ^nmnnet ILABAIA U» IWHPPListheintoaffairs, aaa datnrmias, eototty sad wtosto,aeeasaarv is this eoaergeaey; tbsiiatoa.l Govaraar, by vtrtae at abeoatbaiitiproc palIt will be seen from the above 1 are nearly all in apoatotoeaf they have refused to 1fathers adopted.tour.iofUM ofpeace aadharmony" t h ebooesty coaaoearWhen the cheering succeediag the DMnhw'darfw-RevCPSadwian ——from lender lag asaissancu to toefugitives; has never refused the on of her jails to imprawnmenv of runawaysAfter tbe prayer speechn ware made bywas in hot pursuit of him. current of oaaservaatom to beginning to show itself. Blue Minute Men a n being rapidly organised throaghaat Uw cockades are now much lees numerous in New Orleansa sett'td purooae to evade tbetr constitutional obligationssad dwragard their oaths tn carrying on this war an tneWe are incline* to tbe totter opmiaii. and that when toe 'utter of disauecttoij occasioneo by the news of Mr. Lto-coin's election sebsiceo these disunion threats will damp pear with it. But should we be mistaken to thto, a aew issue is at ecce presentee to the Amerteaa noato, which will for tbe time suspend aU others We refer to that ofTHEN<•••***YORK HERALD.WHOLE NO. 8837.HI SfflNILTRWiBLES.IlPOltOT FH* M H OMUL laaognrauan « nevwiuoD DTtier **fc*Mina 1B tke pli3iflg Uie Palmetto Pltj.— M N W * * ^ — *"»'W<^—^WWllWW*W O W *^lllWII —CkJtH statesEtfii Flytof Feft Houlsrtt1 ••fytSTJUBAY MORNING, NOVEMBER 18, 1860.f RICE TWO CENTS.todeetoao Southern peopledrtfcto which oar bretbrn of the Berth attributes amThen to a dtosKwrttoa toour weaker brethren; aad tt to saywould aot ton risen to n 1 aawtowadto.tat Isahwr,aad too hvtoass the "irrepresaioto coeaict" 1bavtog triumphed to Lincoln's < of werethat we eeaoot look toCab* ptoy; that aot eaty oarbat oarNO PEBSOKAL LD1KBTT BEBLni INDIANA. 1 0 THB BDrfwB OF THB IffMlSMhlBousu Scan Aaascr, t Nsw Y oaa, Nov IT, lSfto JIwouldrespectfullyoahyouraueottoato1 the New Alhoay (Lad.) Ladper ]to thai > to:Invocation Tnrano of 6roec.tilesoTHEVK6WAPR06RAMKIEFIRTHE8WTH LiMrty Laws, thePnb&bie Bupeaaion of Bpaekby the Chazlofiton Beaks,i rahag spirit of :taaaO t^etofha>a*sk| Aa^asjassa>hal% >x# ftbai f'VbeMOBBjfaM^BTBhBhitftfi asTk sMfMMWtb'UI at the Copttol, totaootty of Riobanood, on Monday, the senothdayef iasaoii.h. to sfiom, at twatve o'olnckU.%rarj aad ur per<}iv«m under my band as Oeveraor, sad under tbe sealof the cmaKwwealsb, at abstasssad, ea the loth day at Novtember, l1b8o6f0i, aad to tto eathts-ftfto year of theCeovTHE REVOLUTION El000b "Liberty bill" was <drink a n a ooraaaan heritage Sand tbase faBaotas by live, they v.ototed that speetal proviso of tbe o n - of will that the stock republican party ofFrench eteaweat of oar population. Attar the -.hehead played the"tteCatoa.Tbe fiat; to white, with a patossto tree i i t b i w n ,tbe tame thaw tbe Charleston Hotel, the MUM Hooee, aad ether large botato. Sung oat the Palmetto lag.All ihto eeaarred is the faU Mase of the aooaday BOB, aad the people rowed that the atara aad stripesaweTbe addraasaa were short bat starring, aad all vara from pareoaa ssaaged inbeaiaoss, aad who seldom meddle ia public aaotrs.rously encouraged, and already the maaufactnre of hosae- the election of Lincoln, is undergoing the process of uc- span goods to rapidly aatog forward in Virginia and ttve effervescence. This over, the wine will be found North Carolina to meet the brisk trade tn that article seed.which this aew policy will inaugurate. The Southernaeral government to defeat all the purposes for wbicb it was formed: aad whereas, oar dearest rights of tbe people depead for protection, under the constitution. 00 the fidelity to their onto of those who satoaaatasr tbe go- vernment—Mow. therefore, that the State of Missnwippi may be enabled to tak*» iato consideration the propriety aad oe- oesstty of providing surer and better eafaguards for the lives, liberties aad property of her citizens than have been found or are to ae booed for in black repnbliean oaths. I, John J. Pettus, Governor of tbe State of Mis- sissippi . exercising to# powers to me vested by the con stituuon, do hereby convene the Legiatoture of this State, and co appoint Moouay, the 26th day of November instant, for Ute meeting of bote booses of tbe Legists tore, ax the Capitol in Jackson, the seat of ivernment of this state.In testimony whereof, I have hereunto sot my band aud caused tne great seal of tbe State to oe affixed, at the ctty of Jackson, toe 1Mb day of November. A D I860, and or tbe sovereignty of the State of Mtostostpoi the ten v. fourth. JOHN J. PETIUS.C. A BxocGBBB, Secretary of StatejFrom the Mtostsslpptan, Nov 13-]THE FB0CLA.U AT10K OF THE OOVBkXOB,We puoliaii in oar com-ana to day tbe proclamation of Governor Pettna. convening the Legislature on tbe fourthNorth, but the n t i r e conservative strength of tbe South. Be is now the President elect of the United States. Hto speeches, ha political reeord, tbe platform of the party oe which be smarts, all show that he proposes ao intertereaee with toe osaolttotlnosl righto or internal aiaira of say State government Hto policy arm ta peace, sod hto administration ortil be caaauctod on the principles which gulled Waabiagtno aad Jefferson aad - t h e men who made the Union " Should nullifies tton raise its head, he will have no dhawotioaary power but to execute tbe taws, as that dsty to sseaeonoec ta the coBBtitution. Est business will be to see that the raioc to preserved at aU aazards, and from all seas nits To aid him in that business, it will hardly ta aooossary for him to call iato requisition either the army or the navy. We believe, with the tasee presented of lotas or dtoanion. public, sentiment—the public saotisasat of the Southern States themselves will ta all sofC cleat to pat down say batch of traitors who may attempt la defy the constitution sad the tows of tbe tond. That public sentiment will ta found to tne firm aad dauntless determination of the Uisad the conservatives of the Soath, who, oasawill rally around Mr. Lincoln at all keaorsto, assentstive of toe government. Bat abootd tt ossse to tke worst, we feel sattafied from what wo kaow^ef Mrcom, that tooaewno would dassrov toe law wit Lm with by the strong arm of the tow. Mr.has himseJI told the country what he would do a >u-emeTgemr-InhisLeaveuw:rtnsosemaehigh, Iay Mam aMsttoaal Oaaairaass win be oaUed to adjust the pendiag dlmcultias apeathat bsato. amald these mea suras toll to obtain the eaactlen of the North, seeasaionofmore eaaettag, so as, if possible to defeat the whole scheme: bat ta as doing they will defeat their owa par- pose, which M to TTW*1I^ Virginia aad Mai other border (Jtaets to Mat secession move- ment, They cannot sec-are Virginia's committal toin her own programme. She will yield ner sanction to tbe alternative of disunion only upon i refnsai of tbede-thereia embodied, aad she will reomrt eoaditiaas before she gees into aortoiof the>lb hw.ttt[theirOf UMPennsylvania.. todtoaa Michlgvi.•.•*•••••«,xw ,*:Tbto was emphatically aaot ar>dtiawaaa. The spaabwra aU"atiaaaeof aawaaaaaen rapabUc," aad said thtowasa the John abeam raid. That cdrenaaabmea was k>- ptodgeofaiulaerneosamercetosupporttbemeat of aaaasaaatoasa.made no choice ia obedience to the State law, it is too late to the Legislature to do It in coniormity with fede- ral taw, and her voice is lost. The recurrence of such an event she ild be | rovided against by State legislation.of MMi have become aasrersai Eren childraa are aU adorned by mulhera with, aba btae ribbon communities, aver which it bee BO control,your statute books, sad lildifiuniou doss not come now, it will to tabiy eaase hereafter. Tour anti-fugitive Save tow r—**—>** prove a reckless inattention to the coastitdtion and to poUttoo-eooaomtral views of the condition of tbe Uaioo, your own beat interests. and the stability of the best government ever devtoed by man. IT oar present political system shall be broken op, the blame will be with t-. * repobUcan party, aad these who, even now, with disunion Managthom toThis black republican triumph of m e n answers ever see that you submit. Old J ton Brown bos b a n hang to treason against a State We cannot object,BefOlteta aad patent ire arms are sofllag like hot oaias. .\«i eimw m the fcaib. km* tke ftmwmi 3as ^aaao. ha/laraaamatoJagtoaaa^allhi i f is at %aay osr J MMi- •—*>'•There was aaother great it—raaUHtoa to-aigta. TheNor would year large mercantile oomrnnnittes sutler be taken and fully consummated wbito tofederafsjvern- Union, tt will be oar doty to deei wtto yea n eld' less. New York, instead of being the great entrepot for ment ia tn friendly hands Mucb may be aooomplished Brown was dealt with. We n o eaty de ourthe pole was beaaUfuUy iltamtnated.by Oaptaia Tbemaa, of the abate MUtaarywhoSpeecalfMU«. ——TZI-*—ewmsaa saasssj saj-TIT ^~ ^^sw^_.Mafe ii»"tat »,lOounty.NoT. li,:if That they do ao. tress the optaioa aad toneMb a aof aba 2tate, aad all fhTorMPOUAJT F30M VTROTMTA. or. 11,:wtoh memamg the torn btattitsdear Tirgiam sball I aaspsa to to laariirii a »»»i» has to prepared to tatoof thewill go, iI of the iid their sdltors. who never task below the of thing* m their HrlailaiUhaaa sad re- habitually to tbe towa finilali llmpbiilssa for this part which M so sadly to error. It1 of readers will took, with me, at thing* so to aaderstaail each other better, great tot to them to coastder M, that the whole to tag slave States, to a man. voted againstTbe few exceptions on tbe borders, where the inor tbe free States was fett, are to tontoo ofthe South, thetbe towyer, .atovahoater and non slaveholder , 1QftaWtkie^l.wttooimecieDoeiTOtateaeebytneataayorhis Bibit, *.iw.th one voice uttered anthe ejection of Abssnam Ltncoto. Now t b t o i a a <a—a fjuaf. BtaarftffMBTifttaatV tbsa wta^aaoa>rOjvafi s a n / iby the att of ttesa laws wfeueb ouotrotMoo de sat sat mghto way, ooilviooa of their aalividaaU- t j , or tbetr persoaal dislikes aad anu^athies, a a n m tne preetoce of a ceoaaon daaasr. Y es, aBaoger, aot to the saose :n •hnh many atMy to give validity aad force to .of1of thfUaiteo a n baueved (by ato hemVtoafbe-from information,Hliiis the complexion of the aswre from tbeSooth this morning. Disunion, the master cloud, M uodi rstsart tt. There to nothmg of fear or era ranweotth.The PoUmeal taJOHN LEfCEES.OCB SBUiA ousutnrowisjuiLB.t k u u , Alabama, Nov. lfi, aBgo,nnrasaaadBsaaasBi TajaboMas• FfOfbaj tooVfrsstow What tke &***•apt to Mi •saheMtsa, to MMlatter when ab aaaraMaaab' th aSaaaaaaaaSaab Hi tJsbsb nsVaa*aw,aaaHBMl fegbptoatibie argumeots, which sett taleiast will point oowa into the ooustoMsaa of idlers sad vimoos aon- prodnoes, and tell me bow long the interests and safety of tbe oae fourth who noid the property willhe safe No longer than the somber below teal sad thtok toat in the general arrtomo a larger share will toll to'them than the small vataea they BOWhold. Every Soathan elavehalder and atsi sasishiiafisi aiimita that if similar exciting ap- pease are aaade finely to oar stoves tbetr loyalty will ytoid. Yoer paoato lose sight of tbe important act that moat be reiterated, that this laager looks every white man to the face Erery white aaaa has values, either of purse or person, a n a tor taaa 000 fall to him in a revoin- tion wham breaks .own the dtottocttea hatwuea tbe races. Thai all feel. Let your people bear this impor- tant fact m mind The determination to resist equaUty between the aaa stavehokier aad the asgre to sttaager than exists in tbe relation at master aad save. The fact is. God has tmpatoied a principle of resmtotoa stosssssa ttoc TWCtM. H CXifllap 6TQD aVaatvOBf BUXOti raaOsJaVTM^!*^ WBBXQ and tbe mulatto to Hayti cannot asimialai sad asstott- tote without a lasting of maato prejudice. The south aanpton, tassnrreottBu, the only one that ever occur rod in the Southern Stales, attests the fact that the infatu- ated, drunken negroes made no dtocnauiaation to their massacre of the whites briweao t h e n who owned aad those who did net own stoves. Hence ah men here fee'. to the aeeseaoe of a com won eeegar, sad will aot to- gether. They oppose Lincoln mvi the satl-stoiwrj prin- etptosof hto partf with the strongest feeling or which the human heart to capable. They remember that nowhat hto todividnai conservatism may be, he to by aa overwhelming majority, who do not andt So each itbar, aad She aassace of o It realty then to a fast that toe Sooth to united ia feeltog. if aot to Doltey. Band eight or nine mittloas of man together under the instinct of a comoeoa self presernuioa, and what, to the cilwast review of aUi toe toett of a baatory of men tn all tones, have they tofear Uatil the moo among you woo direct public opinion areaMe to maaw the people sppiaciala these great truths there is oe hope of the reaction you are striving so ably to bring aboutstitutionseme*ahsdl be deiivered up." If they oouid rat steytetttt Union andar such a tow, why did they not b a n the ho-notmart1*soon0tow,hot to wantatfully. D C ftTOVDtIXBIABA AMD THB BCBrfTTB SLAVB LAW—A 8BBATthe ezttat of a demaad to the passage of a gress tortlwith, to its protection tn thetowbyCoa-U, Sod.* « v Hflr|i a d strength, thesodtta swwrd of oar mtiltosny, we en— began Thee toexpress oar dependence >;peo Thy secon, sod w need ofThy gmaaan end defence. Tbe ttbisttos with which lay way of negotiation before she gives her sanction to se- immediately after the first Wednesday of December, .-..ucron biassed oar tathars beiag imperiled, we asklay favor awl aid. toTire at wtth oourege, with •spirit oi wr-aaeriOce, vita a lot* of aw aad order, andwf.!i dap—i»«aoe upon Thee, IBees osr State, and to adopt the tost alternative— secessionHow the E m t i o oouid save made such a grievous maConsecrate with Iky later taw banner of liberty• -oats be in Thy srreeion keeping. Shield oarcom- ODsaaauBBOVsV Ivi" BBOCflaQODslavery, bat they do not deem secession necessary or de-The Prodmnatim cf Ike Oactrrwr of the Stoc ffeOtnc a same. In the present excit.%. eondiuoa of the Ssatbera Slate CoKceMton—Inoem* /Matotatoo Agsimtt the mtod. such statements might t* toe caose of trouble toVirginia to determined to eznaast everything in toeThe Governor of Alabama will 'issue hto proeissaaUonceeaioc, and tbe Soath will go with her, m the hope that her effort may mil, and that oitiaatety she wili be forcedsad the OonveatiOB will meet en the first Monday ia Januaryher s.«er States, m Una greet cram. May they Tec theeasad staad of ansa are aow being dattrtbated Louisiana aa sound for the Union. The people areact aa bercsseth a moral aad religion people.in Missnwippi by order of Sovemor Pettas. Aocoaats much exasperated against the republicans, aad what th:* da} aiieg in the hnvens. Hay taw slty orer wham recently received here represent that State at almost they understand to be their policy on the question ofTbe 6w«07>pir fbaabrina a/ She Country—Tke Jtoiohox Cvstrx ^ Ae Afaacr Pream to Proent Cria*-~Tht Pre- *mt «J»d Prosoaetfce atcetongStatu— The Sooil WUlbtUntied an to Atoieuwi TV Writooowto WaUlfotto to Jftafahss t i e AndAera to Pmiocwio States of tkecountry—threatened with terrible monetary sad civil convuisioas—Itrust1maybe rarrtosontnotteringatew thoughts to that large portion of my countrymen who o n doily readers of tbe HBBALD. Permit me first, however, to oangratoiate you upon the conservative aad patriotic position or your mticentiai paper in the present contest.MISSISSIPPI.OCK J iCKBON CanBOTOSDEKeB. JACKSOS, Miss., Nov. IS, I860.merceMay agriculture brtog bar stores to ear mart, aad orderand a.u,tian.de in oar streets,.! it be Thy wffl.from our toad the barren of war; but ohaisiof we maybe ealed opes to endure, be Tboo oar furtien aad detoes. Oticd!oar fatban bare declared onto uctbeaoale worts whwh Toon dldat at their days.Iky goutoaea to us tbetr children, aad make may pe*>pta wboaa guod « tbe Lord, through Jena Christ, saved nistife by taking refuge in a store while the mob As money grows tight reflection commences, and the ocder >or Kedeemer. Aiuen.yortk—Umtm for Seaman Minute Mm Organizing— the astoMsant of to abatoaww Prm. etcI enclose you the proctomatiU of the Governor of thisState convening tbe Legislature on tbe 38th last., together with the comments of the democrat.! State organour citizens sojourning in that region.ME. LINCOLN ON THE SECESSION MOTE MEST.rfTom the Springfield (in j'j'Hirnal (Uoostow home or- gan), Nov 13.]INCTrXDfT TBBASOM.Wepublishalargeemuuniofmatterinanothermisass detailing the movements of the secesaioatott ia Sooth Ca- rolina, Georgia and Alahuna—tbe principal Statas where tbe disunion sentiment seems to be rawpant There assyon thes o n ,and protectoar homes aad nrwndesA man named Rybeak, who keeps a small show case infront of a store on Royal street, New Ortotas, narrowlyescaped death a: the bands of a moo a few days ago, toexhibiting to sale same Lincoln amdato, which he re-eetvedbyastotokaamong a package ofBillaadEverettmedals, purchased a a wholesale store to that city. Be customers, beeasto they are unaoie to effect exchanges.ApartTbe Waafataftoa artllbwy paraded, aad fired oaeared gaaa ss tbe Sag weat ep. Iteito weio reag t a d t o displayed on their sfaaeJders.Saw* jtoffri to Anrotfloto Bymm. Thto dred op the The policy « non-intercourse with the North to vigo-Unien-J.3mirroiptc.factmrert—A (Ml upon Abraham Ltncoto io Declare to Policy in Begort to to South, etc.. etcFeeling deeply the unhappy condition of my wholeSouth. The todies m the Southern cities according toMobile and Montgomery than they were jest before the election. and they, says my Informant, are chieHy w e n by Englishmen. South Carolina to the neck of tbe i a - ucton bottle. the eork of which having been drawn bytry come up ta the help of the Union "against the mighty" as you have done, then we shouldbave nothing to fear. Be:. North and South', we and tbe newspapers, upon which tbe g n a t mass of our people rely for their political opinion, vicing with each other in widening the breach between tbe sections until tt has become a chasm, imminently threatening to swallow op our laws, our institutions aad oar Union,Soath Carolina, 3? you have truly remarked, is already de facto, if net 4* i<nt, out 01 the Union. Alabama, Geor- f 1., sad Mississippi will soon follow When this Soutnern confederation is once formed, rely noon it all the States sooth of Mason sod Dixon's line will, sooner or later, come into it. The maintenance of their institutions, the aeeasaities cf their geographical positions, their peca niary relations, tbe consanguinity of their people, will all force them sooner or later into the Southern • anfedc- lattoeTwo mighty sod aatagoniatic empires will thus be formed, whose conflicting interests will engender a con- stent and deadlyfeau»tending to war and otoodsbed, re- sulting in toe dasooraJization of both and the final over, throw cf our repnblieaa institutionsMen may close their eyes to the facts—my prophecies may be .teemed Cassandran—but tbe ••writing on the wall" seems to toe tot plain to be misunderstood or dts regarded,If, however, the alternative be forced upon us of disso- lution, with ail ttft acknowledged anis, or m abnegationwhereas, the recent election of Messrs Lincolc and Ham-lin deseoostrates that t o o n who neither reverence tneconstitution, obey the laws nor regard tbetr oaths, havenow the power to eject to the highest offices in this 0011 omen or disunion. Mr. Lincoln wQl rtproseot the party feoeracy men who sympathise with them in ail their mad of tbe constitution sad the laws As such repra zeai to destroy the peace, property and orospe'ttv of toe tentative, del- elected by tbe people, he will at Soutnern section, and who will uoe the powers of the fa oaee rally around him, aot only the enurerecent accounts, parade tbe streets with blue cocxadeecapers contain several advertisements of goods of thisb e nare alreadyreapingt»i tadtheeShctiwhichitpturtnowlwen tnion" aad of the South generally have determined to embracethe fermer. Such being the temper of oar minds,let oar Northern brethren pause to their fanaucal crusade upon tbe peculiar institution aadcon. ider whetoer they will not more injurethemselves than a s , if by their sggre.- eiom uponour chart- red rights we are goaded into a dtamemberment of this glorious republic. Ours being the producingof prosperit., either tn peace or war; whereas, should taonts, outrages and insults, have crowned the whole ey gives you tostJttand to which the nations of toe earth are competing it cannot maintain a trade to three mouths if Withheld. It says the North produces toed or ekMhtog to support its population, and eertamly noUung to sostoin tot immeass traffic and basvright, justice and the guarantees of tbe ooosMtottos de- sisrery a wrong * mandsthatMississippishouldtakepromptaadimmeomie 1(>|tf It couldanilhtm aetatar,the action for her mm prot* ctiou and sssaty. right, 80, tr riisallliiumalljNow is the 1 me to act Let toe anal step of atwoDion President, aad therefore yea iindwisiii toTEE BEPOKTS FROM WASHINGT05.W AaKsotm, Nov. Gloomy is tbe day, but still a w n dark ;17,18«.frowning aaaa as, aad btonkaaiag all the horixac.aenann m oar altoatton To suppose ao ia a great take. Hexwith one resells f Ah Bsotbara aaaa know that the ssaoo popuiaUoa, U» abase, are aubmutaive, oneriy and nappr; they kaow. too. that all men, bond and fiee, are by Ba- ton oiGsiltotsd. Our apparent weaanesa to pointed at by Boose or your people, and sassi'lss. Bsaaaahag tbreatofrGtORGIA FTtHaiPlNTlAJ. BLBCTOBS.Georgia is likely to present in interesttog ease of dis- franchisement m thefchoice of President, which, iff the vote would change the result, might cause great embar- rich rassment. Her law requires Presidents electors to re- Orders to machinery wive a majority of ail the votes east, failing in whichTbe foundriesfrom this non mteroourse policyof every class a n pouring to from every Southern State,and the manufacturers, determiaed to avail themselves of federal law requires the electors in all the States to be that new barn seal to proseote Southern manufactures, appointed on the same day. The people of Georgia baring are anabliah'jjr agencies m the principal Southern cttitoto fartlt*r** lmsiasss sagnttotinna to their line. Tate eonintercourse policy wtp, I aatoftos, be to m e n oomprnensrre and enduring than was that which mUowedcircumscribed. Trnei, then was much sympathy man; breadth of this land who has the genius and the com dif- felted with Virginia throughout the Soutis, bat tne evil mandiag power to prevent this disruption of our onceYea democrats greatly fOar that toe aocose. of the re-was to from being as eetoasal or acute as that whichgtolooB 10100:' Yes; he who is trusted with the sword may most properly aaad forth also the olive branch of peace, as be will no doubt do at the proper time.THE TKCX SJOOEDY.Bat tbe besYaad most active remedy would be the ta-now ores op the indignation of the Soutn.a DflD-mtercourse pointer view, will of coarse be to pro- portion.a Preatdent. you the L'oioa.wean stand will beThe eifiscie, inThe £ase*M*r of b>day baa a well written article to re stent repeal, by the dtoanion sad nullifying States North,the North be cat off from ail Ute advantages of oar pro-duce and exports, what would become of her populouscities and tnrivmg villages, her enterprising maaafaetu conflict," ana who proclaims that tbe States of the Union men who mode the Union—oothiag more, rent and merchant princes?gard to the reaative seasi|IUiility of toe North sad Southto aaananaratoi ittoastsr reaultmg from a panic anch •»seesas aow to be impending. It argues that, inasmuch as ty, and the Union will be preserved. Keep them on the North has scarce say element of wealth whichdees aot rest an prodastioas brought from othercan never continue in a aontederacy whose States are hwa Ho voc think you are iusuftod to 1SOUTHC f O b r a A .. South Caroliaa. wear a eeM,'ederacy., although by the suffrages majority; sad they are anxious that the cause of the seceding States shoald sat be lowered byany vulgar or ferocious outburst of passion, or of 'manly aasaaoal hostility, fresh say citizen of these regions. Firstly believing that tbe stavehotding States have no hope of peace, or ssenrtty, or fair dealing, under the pre- sent federal Union, they merely wtoh to withdraw psacs- ably, and leave Mr. Lincoln to the peaceable discharge ofof his section, with whia detolin attUSSIMUFri.Letters from Miaatttlppt expresa the same cool, dellberate, caeuiatingspirit, and indicate that theofaibeforethe 4tor March. ALABAMA.will put a tew steamers en our coast, tf we want them, toprevent tbe philanthropic Yankees of the "Great North-era Ooafederacy'' from inundating as with wild Africanswithout our consent. and thus save as the expense of anavy. Having nocommerce we can afford t^give Seward. take we are at a less to dtocover. It ateatoototod to do 1 moots .'.Co. tbe aavj.amJ throw i n * few aasssskatoafis great ir instice to our State and her eiuseaw, asasy of to pay them for toting the burthen oft oar bands. whom partly loaideandas awamess at the abwtb. WeBusiness to somewhat paralysed with us, bat we soon are rejoiced to Be ante to soy that the warmtottna of la- hope to get over tt: sad hereafter wo abail r^. auSer a diaca has sever yet beer uuated by toot omatlrot spiritconvulsion every four years to please the blocs, republi- of abetiuonism which lias prevaiiou to ao asaoy of the can. Oar President will be elected, I hope, for at toast Northern States, and induceo them to set ttiuaaawtlti ItoiuyrasiANA.A genUemac just arrived from New OrleansOCR BKUMOKD COKBEKfOWUBWCB. RiCBJcosm, Va. Nov. 16,1800ten years.ana tows of their oountr* at dodaaoe Her citizens hove ever been toys, to th< lederal compact, aad a o w hove n e v r . except m a single instance, ww Believe, tales'ffciud to Bre*«r-t te.e r^uditun of fugitive stoves.We hope tbe Hsauio will at once correct the tiro senna statement m retmra to nor State, aad logusst all its 00a lemporarlet wnicn may nav- copied its article to do thesirable at presentter!', as her political leaden feel bound in consistence to make seme demonstration.Boutu Carolina may precipitate mat-far Mauachusetts Cotum Afaw»-Money is becoming very scarce m the commercial cen- tres,andfactorsbantodeclinemakingasnaiadvaseestotbetr appointment devolves upon the legislature. Theof their hostile State tegislatun against the Soutn Ab regale year tows against the security of Southern proper-Take, to exsatpto, the New England States. Wbai can they uo without our cotton, the manufacture of whieh furnishes food aad clothing to their toboring classes? I tell vou.gentleme , Lowel! wood be n a state of riot aad rebellion in a weak after the close of her cotton factories. Huabanos aad fitthers weak! be demanding "bread,'' •'bread'" for thsfir starving families; and those who have beretofore known the 'Manchester of America —nave witnessed the easterntod aad cheerful countenances at its operatives, the torift and comfort now so coospasuoas— would know the plane no more.half stove sod half free—whtofa means, of course, that abolitionism and lneend>ary violence must overwhelm toe Sooth, and. for tbe advantage of Nortnero ambition, greed and cupidity, redan it to abject wbettostoe sad degradation. ^ _venuaeot rather than to have M sad other gnat 1aess operauoas.of a panic North aad Sooth, truly adds that the ceaaatioe the toe, refase to strike from their State tows the pesti • verity the words "of troth sad soberness''SOUTHERN SECESSION EXLlTEaBBNT. [from the New Tork NsttssslNov ITTHE rEBSJDEXTIAL SXBCTOW AKD ITS <cotes cl slavery and toe stoveSisoatlna ani rra- tottoheasbfd 'I tog the North through her Mars, theyThe amaawaw, to ettisaattag u e affectt*of trade, the attar aaaaMtottos of paper money theto the dwellings of the Sietbara avteat rrtrrtatoae which osase all the aatosbtot WiCTHllK 1MB •MEMOMS W) BM MW SOMM-i* m laaaaatood that tbe Lagtojatorss of Virginia and North Carolina will sot at once 00 a propusi-COB these evils, tboo, be anrtod? should be tbe anxious inquiry of every lover or bat country to it too laterI think that ana aewaon tbe part of the North aad of the Prastdsnl ofTtaeaomsef Prootdest of toe Unitedis a*dtoueiint day, ae•aaW)rallying to the secession standard The "Minute Men tonight. The officers of the federal court itositoa to resign wees themarkethot he aad awpaupers aer dtotnrbers o' the publicta ihto State to Ail- verya aswi aattfdaei aasjsjaaMaaa, aad changed theto send all Mas free negroes to the North, and perhaps paytoof the present term is disposed of. Mtotomppi hand that tbto resultstove ha to bramble forbytt.orFLORIDA.OCB TALLAHASaB WBBJHjrOKDKrCX.T»t twtms, f u , Nov 12,1HMFlorida DtttrmxMi— tepUiouot Actum—A Vwtvtntttm tedarvettoe of thefar theant. stoveryajwoatars are competted toto execute the ir toeato. or ssoming to do so, eootossiag toat they were aa ty soHtofoodIhto dwetliag a n with him wae. .->toinhtothither oat of the £ute treasury Then are over fifty two States. It to saidwill pursue the same policy.TMI rarrram STATBB MAKSSAL POB SOCTH C * I O U M .D. H. Hamilton, United States Marshal to Sooth Con ima, hat act | t t resigned, bat will probobiy dos» veryTUB BLACK BBrrBUCABS OB BAUIMOSM- M M said that toe Lmooin.tes n\K.mmmwaaamawemwunkind feeling to the President eiect. the are mode. Subject your society to tawaaaaa aaasratocal asaacbw that are Oaiigbt to ao cesaloyed agalaas as. aiiilof the tote rjoliticai battle has satnelydied away, aad the nussber of the politically dead aad wooed- ed counted up, yet we see the t a r n tote parties of tbe——•^-•t.ua of the enure wort, aad It to asopto an now divided. Oar aartawu pa- tract,his inauguration is ao part of their pus.. your peophs aad atoawaty hotders be aaft- Appeal, day South banded aad banding together for mutual protec-Onttoeaatwty,isgsiillsghtetaatadrtyforms of the eaaatttntion, they think that'leaaatos to Mm Northern Caion to bouad to see that her OtmlBsamU Tlfiaia sail aaaCQ faiflBMBl^B taO HJal a^aaaaV ^aaaal ijmSaaa7ni*aV>Uon should goon, m their opinion, aot only without ob- aanettos, bat wttbafi das torn aad ceremoay. May, all offictoJceasityooght, to their judgment, to fflstmgntoh the mtercoorse t u t a o s a the retiring naaMaaav rtos of the present federal administration and baa Who ass been elevated to the of-alteroaf,tatheHso»fourthsofyearpooatowhohawsao property, ten them that natural jastioe sad tow town of God proclaim fiOSBwi tj amonopoly or >wner»hir io toad, which is tor alt to•pan. ptotouy imsatoi 1oy the aiaatgnty so proaucealike for ail, just as the osr to breathe and the water tatoan. Bmeooskadn aoaasaaaBto thickerandfaster,sod a quiet iltoamilasttoa to ssasae from the Uatoa to n plain asauniiaht. Wbaa the abolittoa Bates of the Nortn nul- lify tne Fugitive Stove law by pawing tows to ftaeood hoprtooe every man who sttempted to recover bis fug1Did the other loading journalists of our distracted ooun rights and institutions or the nuthera States. AndTHE CL'VE BBAKCa.IsthereaostatesmanthroughoutthelengthandofourequalrightsintheUnion,weoftbe-'OldDomi Monday,the26thdayofNovemberinstantbe dealtStates of the Union, we possess among ourselves tbe oasistbe produce and trade of this continent, would be like Samson shorn of hto locks, mighty, indeed, to balk and sine, but tts vigor sad strength all departed.brfore the 4th of March next But then we ontotaltoat hope sod beiieve that in ao auction will a seejertty so act tt win be several years before Insoto o ^ h o v e ososnt as to!tbe ttonssto wealth, aad with•esty towitttoraw from the Cetoo, tot do tasBaoe to t h e aoaatotoBtoo l i v e[Prom the Mew Albany (Inn.) Wa find the followingYOBK HBBAU>>-MBS eatstotood tohtoseaa who may aad in enforcmeg tne fugitiveMama...,................., 5years •«.-- ......ts years»**••*•••«,» a , Ceosectieat..., •••••«..••»• J ,, Mow. Id Iof the NswLaai to thewhich to 000says, State," hay person held to saassaag to anotherof ihtot e n s e w h ologether totoat tb«y took the South d o n aot. We already oarsefves out of the Union aasesabqy if we coo, aad forctbfy if we moot. Oar Basees are anrolled, ear tor- tanas sad our honor are pledged to that ead, sad even if Lincoln should bo withdrawn I doubt if secession can be preventer. There a not a diseenting v e i n , with rare oaceptuM of good eld mea. who would be glad to close their eyes to tbe Union, If Northern faaoiii am weald allow itWith tbe first flaan of the news over the wins m-Docnr.ing the election of Lincoln, men atade op tbetrmuds, and mew, too, who bad all at stake Merohaats.darners, mechanics and all able to bear arms, srepareafor the work. We are not wanted to the Union, aad we•xpset to be allowed to go oat of it quietly,and then our godly brethren of the North canlift op their eyesto comfort, aad than* God that they areno longer connected with a nation of slaveholders Thisseems to be their ejlatest bonbon, and they win nowbe relieved of it. Oar ports wiii be thrown open to freetrade, foreign bottoms will carry off oar cotton, ead Eog-!and will be gtod to add to the duties of their consuls sad setts. This to all wrong ministers that of prottcttag the lives sad wooarti of ell law whatever retarding or citizensofthe"SouthernaiaericanCasntodaruey.''AadBOO theFugitiveStavetow.Whereas, the people of the non slavebrsldtng Stateshave, in various forms, declared purposes hostile to theinstitutions of theaawenoidlng States, aad the State go-vernments of neerir ell the Northern States have evinced b something m a,': this blaster, and there asay aot be.Thto measure accords fully with the well known saduniversally expressed will of the people, so indicated by Dublicaas wUl destroy the Cnwo. »*»* Do tea repuo-the almost unanimous vote of tbe ]>giatotare at its tote Evasion, and through other channels irss aothorttatin, bat scarceiy tors significant of popular sentiment.The Northern States, after repeated aggremioos uponthe Moth, violative of the letter aad spirit of the nationalcompact, after the perpetration of a long catalogue of To jOsttfy » you mastbv a formal declaration of hostility in the etoottoo ofAbraham Lincoln to the Presidency, who preceded Seward Can you denyin tbe enunciation of the doctrine of the "ii taps aesible it, you wi .1 ftod oar policy to exactly 1oftbeswordsadthe sans;^^^SU^SSS^mZHave I overdaswn the pietarer Lot your eonstdeiate 01 Congress. Thtoforotobssan arfdiUoeel a-zumont to ODB RADICAL ABOLITION ORGANS ON THBmen ponder weB tbe end toward which we seem rapidly icttanboT IetusrsJly to the protection of oar eove drifting, andthen decide whether this sketch • indeed ntowVsotoo^nooV •*«-" l^,1"" VTM** ?overwhelm n The tosoe is upoa as Juay is dangerous. Now is the time to strike. Let not a ammeat be lost, qTnMSOih -*'" • .IM. w s i f c t a a s , TtoLogto- iXo^Baaoot torottate to do theirs.The feeling of indignation to thto section to mtean, sadby all parties Many hitherto ardent Onion mea nearly the woo* Norththe overwrought production of aa excited faocy, or toUntitled Doculo <apoo withtonsPotty, B « requires aavyto execute itNouioc* ana betwo in the North, by r^raueel Liberty bills. *t« ' - - ' -» j nM .i, —— tltrl 1tiinw am*. Ba'aafi HO eac& he Ctoflat- rasa tatty of the Peopk toStoma by thetr a a party at the Suotb. ao doubt, whato raaltyOVFasaVasUy p t t t W W Q esso IHUIIil tPtoiwHI Bow aaawj »»* i^ate shad enjoy m the Union eqoal rtototsaadReflectionsso to Secession Jfoseatenc and •nag aooot a daawvnttaa of tow rjotoa. TheffMjnadjk to theto to Aorfh. ofc.,dk.v«e down here in thto little State of rior'>to. ar« a. --,hat tt to tea rafasai *l linimlailwi Wornbus party to to Sooth Coreitao. bat Mporters to the otherOf tktt part* or* ww tax or advnstaaw <*f the;Ot'.NTBVUaAV ON ~mentThis does great injustice to Indiana. By Ml to a worse posttion than say otheris made toownatoteuieatlfttto,tAw4lftoiitookrepabiicans 1 Thomas M. Tryniski 309 South 4th Street Fulton New York 13069www.fultonhistory.com 