 n• » me.•JUTzmz.THE L A TE A TTEMPT A T FUSION.-L M'u—FamilyMrf/i retoiaii i^» taaIFOLITICALifc^jWN^W^NAiA^-A^*'^ Jen.t ,*«.--. n of tlflt ta rV W j S J " y h.» ofM-^^JJV^nir*,!h:Ty, -raw by ft 3ntbta*,ot sat*JWI %. i t —*.eniemu's Jr'vat ocean ffanr .r c « ' :a* art* iwunuu e* $140 u Panic,- ; y 9-bb-.rf.i-f ^ en-pat, the IIBi t « K i u A. .... «,..,i t.v Da*. Ptftv, * Hansthantta; the tt'rt f s*{ to Br^w* <i'wM. owted ay Jamu Bud' if Maize. »a - :<»i«ta M»-* to Nans, OBsad sy&Bscvu,*} .«w i ?:k.dtai aa<,ot t a greatest effort* He a >n fine teaming South, sad tb* ate Breckinr.uge speech upu his awttta fader allbeat will be a rich one.Judge Douglu left Readag yesterdayEaeton. At Allentowa be adibrenii apeople, who had assembled to >ae u dAt tc* peiat be was aha ant byor f'lir huddred persons, who badVaatea to serve u aa seeort aad guard taw*. Tane w«r« all German, aad all baogn, bavtag bnictes toe iikenen, tbe Dub,"ipontnea TheyatushapsrikraaextentthatbisfrWsdeto would never aaue a wholeof adrnmag e.ectors, u d the cry weal" ilaae a rag, boys, tad let him breathe,AuuwaaMat sight,sy<Mtag SBirra* AX» COMBEBCIAL :\T£Luatac*— a aori M>TTj: > * *a*-sa*.i,» veeatse,X.I.;toaatovnandtasrn a Bwbard Gray,aa aatsaUg aBtad by abila engaged a aTbe rVay Fxpren, ftnt 8 n Finmtnn at tat aftb aft, I: setme, from what < be asnrtataed from Uw part,• s. arrived here hat aigbt.a,JLMatherofBe-tbwry.SMB."*--*«• • » - F t e a or draft bcwsn, :a nun: the 'trm- « jit « l M m i o u k F « of Dun-ases; tag an—* of a a Gsnaa M Atwater, oOsa-aajwst-1; Uw tojd of a l t•W>,Ji'Nji*t*««V»,Mlt i«H-r*W^««*>M-v"fc-«quctabL-charresnaaotberecorded. Noartictenabe) soid u well n a week ago if we saospt east,BBssBa greater firmness atsacan. Fiveof cudies were bid a to-day ft a deettm of miry n «ACAMMT or xcaxc.j N r S T l w mfte kUvldfteit aftiefewVj>»leatcney M the PiftiM ^mtioi.CaB fer Jawaflatt Meeting of theaVawtwaa ear tfte CaUitorala«» Hereev Bauer, of %rtaftaM.• . i » >a 21 —Sajrw Htm or draft he-nee lbs trst Prfparatioiis for (-«any fusioa whatever, they were adependent, aad even him." Be aitimatoiy got free, but at detent :n their tone. Ail declared that tbey would nave tbe track w u elenod by anas further snsagemeaa with toe confidence oaadthat Ha reception at raejlnti wn a matThirty one aiua were Bred at daybreak (accor ling to tbe--twoa of $*> ta O-reytoot, e*exadby rtu. W. lowers, . e^ogtaM; to* sonad af tit to Her*, owned by J.ivojBfa, f taMkafnjdaK, Miaa.cu»- So. S2.—PjnuB, diIT«I daabta, Hint— or trt-lasaao' laTaa^ WWI1T3 vvwawi^eontroiied tbe Albany Regency, who caly made promises prosram.Tic) ud thirty one on his arrival A ptonatloB excaaung "rhje wsy, Charley." Mr- Wlktey raa doean d bargsaa to break them the next day. Mr. Green, of ciube w u tormed, extending a considerable length, a Clark street after them, aad whea opposite No. ta, mum- Uung. *"**—• •—*-** w s|iu I t sgmertlrsBMlT tbe chairman of tbe committee, stopped a toe city ea hie military company an) was present, and the torn oat of bled over a sua 1. ag on the sidewalk. Jletomedul seems uuvuwabw. Wheat cimnahurgeiy: buyarifjrtbe people w u ge&eeBL In Uw afternoon Judge Dougtes pickedfarmup u d found that he w n dead. With toe aid export ts Asnralte have wttodrawn. aad tha aajmllj ot. m ia* e m praaawa of Mt waa awardad to S. F.' j» *«a«'i. of Sontk tMMiagwm, tha oo!y aakfaitor.oommntee and agreed to by Basj. Wood, b n ben reject- > u i , aaag aad acted the rSU; of Bartuio with all that ed. Tbe anjorrty of the Committee deny that tbe Wooddraw their entire electoral ticket, a couideretion that tbey would reoommead their -State Committee (Douglas) to requeet their electors, if chosen. to vote fer ~ridge, if tbe straggle should prove to be betweenridge sad Lineoto.To this proposittoe Mr. Green stated Uat he would a nsay tha; h* would recommend tha course to ha State Committee, for the simple reason that be did aot flat that they could trust the leaders of the Dbngas orgutntion,weather parmittag.HK88HST V . JOHMSOS C«*TXri0 SOBTH. Arucrna, Ga , Sen* 10. ISO).Berschel Y. Johnsn passed through tha city on Satur- day . en rouu to New Tort, to attend the Douglar barbe-A resolution w n passed to repair toe Carre road, at aa SBpetstB not exceeding $326,The difficulty which bad exsrted bet Kaibs- fieach and Dayton, w n agaa brousratOn tbe 30th of Jury test a resolution w n offered by al- derman Dayton, batrueting toe Law Committee, tbe mover of which was tbe Chairman, to procure a vtgoraua prosecution of a sait involving toe Ferry question at ease betwen Brooklyn and New York. On the 10th of August, Mayor Powell beag absent from the city,•e, -u aci «ae which diaHafBtah b»a ia thia c a n af •<.*••-tere. Altogether uoth'ns ceajd be aore a a f f n MT :20c the aaaavr a which the opera v a can aad yer ': r re -'*.*b» e\«HT«t the Troratore" wit! boreantad, atta uxbti *od Maauai ta the araciael raaa. f^taarrua Hi. tsd Br-pwti Well appear ta the • • Partbtai."aud •*•-Ttaraday the •• Travau'" « afau aoaoonced.WIXRB OAhblK. Mrti:Mra.RararyWilliamloauaoratedaaewna-KB »i ta« Wti«T Oardea Uat algat,aad werereniwadwnh the eetat whab anaa to toUow than admirableatiaw a abateeer qaarter af the globe they pi — ItheaeeiTn Tbe boon a n well tiled, aad the perform-tT'' * --.as. n anal, m y aad aatntamiag. IbabiUforthe r v n a i compriaed the lively piece of'-All Hallowtv*. u< "Aa Hear m SvrUJe," ia the fbnaer ofwt b fhraey ViUwaa a quite at home u thercwi'tg.'good heamd Irabnaa, aad ha captivatiogwrfe. as ac lriah girl, made up for ber aomewbat Taaki-9ed .sp^ne&atioB of the character by tbe aeicet >. graceai") fc^jDflr of the peifo^mance. "An Hoar ic SeTiUe" » - ' :s an excellent opportunity tor tbe dapiay of Mrs. »•' u u happy varaatiluy of takat, aadahe .mprovoi u»- ocsaam greatly to the aanrwaaaaa| of heraaii *L.nt Mr. aad Mra. Wihaaa are tb* a*jat popu'^r artins or ;...*• »u^- u wen aa tbe a o « snocenfal. Tie preBeot eu if-meat we bebcrre, iaata caly Ciree waaka.T^A.riU KJBUCt'H TMBATMB.The teohle attractMB. of a n a piec* aad the A m nirb*•' ice r«f ear aaaana a n acted a crowded boaae to thaSub-committee bad any artbority to agree to any arrange-meat, but were simply to consider acJ daeon proposi- and Uat toe withdrawal of the Breckmridge elector*cue at Jonn' Wood, nUw 12th mat.Ucure laid night. Mar Reese open her fourth aaaan selves- that with the exception of nying what. Douglassure, exported from San Francaci du ing Augwst exeeeea cers. It w u anticipated Uat there would be a row, in RiTXB Hx-ir. Cx-egrr- BaTraxs—Rirer Head, in Suffolk tlcCCCOOO nearly all of which being products at Cali-^ .er u'sor'aJb?* a^^apicn. The boaae has the beat pcati- . k ,-•*.«, MM*the direetr*n haa ;oat r^taraed from a Ecroneaa toor, during whi:h abe ondoobtedly aeenred the .*ieai aoveUm a Loadou and Farsa. Ber stock eoan- pecy u^ Men itreagthnod ia the eriaoliaa department by the i t c a a of Msn T'etly Harihail, Mr*. J. H. Allen»i i X. t Sfiugb—all wall known to and admired by me \r 'tcllm toeetre proera.be pok---C on tbe electoral ticket, a fusion ticket a alreadyformed, unless Kie'iimond, Cogger A. Co. bask oat of toee^reemeat made by Mr. Wood to accept tne oltimatumof the Brnkinndge committee. For tha tbe public are indebted to the blundering of the pol.txians rather than the intention, Ibr they are frantic with excitement since toe> found the diieaaoa they are in.li is, however, stated upon relable authority that Mr.I pen toe aub-cemmittee making their report to their saaters at the Astor B o n e there was considerable con fusion. Mr. Green, in ha haste to lay it before them. had not written st out, anl several of toe ommiuee claimed Uat it was? not in writing: toe party which they were dealing with were exceedingiy slippery, u d they might deny making any such propositionconsequence of which Deputy Folk detailed ten policemen, county, has shared a the msteral progress of tbe Union. fornia.under the command ef Sergeant Mathews, from the First Its popo'aticc h n mereased by 1 038 since 1864. Itstotal population a now 3,773 There are $60 houses iu The ship Wild Ranger cleared too aftem<v>n for Aus-TB-' •-r>-% ag pieae * an adaptation. by Mr. He Waitleo, Wood bad a be pocket a letter from Dean Richmond authorizing him to accept the ten eleetora when c - IA ' et:ie lologn," and m here ent^tiei '-The Monkey he informed «reen that he souM acceptcharged from any further consideration of the subject, it bemg the detern; mation of a portion o: toe coamittee not to ioave aay lurther negotiations with what they termed an irresponsible body, as Hears. Uooo anl Lafiuiv.itfc Mr, William Thompson u secretary Some little York, he fell, and toe front wheel of the car paased orc- Circuity was experienced in organixag, which beag his teg. breaking it. Se btesw can be attributed to'''• " ' i '"«p-»w»p^«"->mmmmE«.;> •" » *->t!te Powgne u occ of inoee tbrJiiSg of that proposition. -This fetter was written were not vested with any power further toan receiving ranch a3acted by the Bouievart thouree with the idea that the Breckmridge committee would nut propoaiuonsa*3cept it. The pc.itxiana were yesterday full of crtmuaTb« pict m long enough tor a fashwmabJe novel lions and rtcnmnations against each other, aome declar- Tha motion was? finally voted dowu, and Uweither the driver or the conductor. Tne brake was pu down, and the car w u ao far stopped Uat Uw secned wheel did net go over toe boy, so prompt w u the driver a at tempting to stop tbe car.TKS G-VLWAT Lisa —Tbe steamer Prace Albert, of tue offeredtotheeffectthatwhereasitwnnecessaryforall GalwayudNewYorkline,left,thaportohtheafternoonuiieet1., it a i g b t be apun out jato two or three TO, n»M:* Mie have the stay.t e^captd ft.-,-taL, toe '.»».trx'jstwhotssavedfromdestraciionbya& '.ageaicta bmtqalkwr*, a monkey boy, the son of tie S.\ coeTiet, anl an nawrtment of comic people, ort c . : - * j m r i V' be cor.;:c to lighten the btainen of u • -,--i. Tbe piece m wett coaatructed, aad m a clever irama as sacb tbmga go The dialogue a, n nasal, common p a n . One d o n not look tar literary britlancy a » pay ef the school, and it a as well that we expect &ctb.£g of the k a d . Tbie merit of the drama uader not. x ' c u m it a never eauwg action, strong effect* and striking tableaux Tbe haal picture ta the ben one ever tees n the Sew Fork boards.district—William K. Murphy'Usa "or Senumt—John A. Fmmon.i nder toe confusion, growliaga and bitter denunciations of the poiitieiaaa in their attempt to get out of the diffi- Tbeactingwaa better than the para. Mr.OooldocK ou.iyUattheirownbinnderahaveplacedthema,itwas bard to tell where tbe responsibility of tbe present state617 pnBengers u d their baggage, together with the mails and despatches, all within four days. She then nited for New York, called at St. John, N. F , where she transacted considerable busmen a landag passen- gers and their luggage, freight and mails, and receiving what awaited ber on board, u d after all, flaally arrived a New York harbor within twenty six days from Uw time the left it. Though she b n not yet been forty- eight hours in port, she b n discharged bar cargo, taken another u d a supply of coals on board, aad sails at torn o'clock,herappointedhour,thaafternoon. Tbaa a greater amount of busmen than w n ever done before a tbe same time by u y EuropeuThe Lou Of the Lady Elgin. CHICAGO, Sept. 10— Soontbe paramount i n n in the present contest. To secure by the Lady Elgin. Thorns Kennedy, reported Int. isbad one of ha avorite n>ia, a groat aoundrei. who be- comes virtuose when ha health fails him, and he render- ed it w-th ha nasal vigor aad diacruaaattoa. Bis acting ia the flnt sene was vary Axe. Mr. Daly payed tbe ar tat, Lucin, carefully aad well Among the adiea, Mr*. AIJCBcarrntoffthehonorsbybarvarygracefxlpn- f ttance 0. the m e n u , a vtuch rolat abe a jntly da> tuigushed. Mai Rene payed Jac^un, the Monkey B> y. a purely nsvestieaai fart, and oae which afforded ao eepecal opportaaity t a toe exhibition of bar atyie of acting, whab u- oy ao a n a eonraatiojal. Mr. Ba-aeU gave a raitbfbi d a l a n l m of itoaget, the atereotyped s a a m i t m\,t • The c n a a aarta ware a the a n a * of i Foiy Marshall, Mama Jehaatoa, i'etcn aadwere all well done.AMa whole, the sew piay any be a* doaa n a secC»M. tb age um a trains*. It anda tonptania ndiy,of attain rightly belonged. We tlarefrjie give the ater pmattas oi tbe segotattona n vawed by the politicaaa oa each side who were in a pnitkw to know what waa going on.It a said that several of tbe oegotaton have left be- tween twe days; others are cunag sad aaaarag at the result.TMB israaraxTATios THAT tax DOCQLAS MBM TLACSaccept h a proposition. A regular hubbub w n got by Uw outside ^pressure, aad awn despatched to direction for tbe members of Uw committee aot aportionmanifestingabitterfeelingagainstnot making his appearance.upaad toe •4eaa'' aught n sell commence with tbe part ef>a mtec, which conaas some waasfa flataadra, which,towever wttty they may be a French, are rather twostrong tor the majority of oar audience. With properi" -u. menu which will readily taggnt laemselrn toto«- aatbor i n '-Monkey Boy1- cannot fail to piano tha they wnld rteommend twalre or ajarn eactors, or public and have a good ran.SEW ARDTHg OLD BV>*7gMT TRKATBB.Tbe aaotlset of the obi Bowery will hardly fed at hometha senoa. ao thoroughly and completely has the a t e r or >f tbe buildisg bees lageserated aad radeooratsd l a atersal afaearaaee will BOW compare avorahiy aitb that cf aay of our trat d a n Broadway theatres. Tbe revival of Shaksaere* exouatto pay, '*A Water's Ta-e —Mr and Mrs J W. Waliack ants a lag the atnabjal characters—drew a Urge aad delightod audience to tbe aid Buwery bat a:,_ht, every a n t a tae tower part of the bone beag tittd, aad saaay obliged to content themaalvn with ttoadan. CM the Laoatn of Mr. Wal hck or a* Bermtoa af Mm Walack it * hardly neon aary to apeak, both being n thoroughly c o r s e t a their prcfea- =.c that they nerver undertake Uat which they cats. 1 • iceenfaliy aattsraa. The raeival of •• A l a - taa Ta:r baa hen a decided success, aad will, we i m lead to tbe revival ef other sterimg legHimato piny•—net a l y at the aad Bwasry, bnabaahsi'S astfl ibr auaaroom dmmaa, n peso ar aad avotabie of hue y«ar». save ben baahbaat from tha stage, s a w to ap-pear agaa.BABaTM'BThe cpemag ef tbe ittaaaili: aaana at thaof nwawiiaatWILLIAM KELLY.Tbe body of Berber! Ingram, member of Uw BriUab Parliament b n b e n recognised aad token ia charge byNEW YORK HERALD, TUESDAY, SEPTEMBER 11, 1860.-+TRIPLE SHEET.AFF AIR^-rf1 v' * **- J -—»-*—*tatit**??1 ***^*' J&*5t, Itaaajbrtoryej-ftflsdthe*ing that there was a fusion, others that Wood and Rich- sub-committee continued They had another in- mond hiMi prevented a union, whilst the treads of the terview with Messrs. Wood and Laiim. and tha latter would declare that tbe coxunlttee of which John A. time those g<ntl«men made a proposition U GreenIftiicy Se<ond Iistrtct—Caspar Urban. Canmert—County towns—Wlllam G Bentett.Easternfcrreenvraacbstrmsswaareaponaibleforthewhole affair, aud the Bell men, aiKo^camt, x for a aay about the matter. The idm of their cm ling with the Breokin- rilgerf—who. they my, denounced tbem the last act they aid—n*e preposterous, it was a pill that would not go down without some effort.Itfppears, however, that the people or the Beventeentri ward consider that a union h n been made, and, although accomplished through tbe blundering of tbe poll .ica&a, they intend to toko tbe rsUficatioa of it out of tbe hands 01 tbe local Teamany and Mozart cemmitton, aad, aw that it is Axed aa it should be. Aa advertaemnt to the c c l u m n ol tbe BX*au> shows the intention of tbe people a thia reaped.of tbe 14th of August She ran to St. Johns', Newfound land, landed the mails, passengers, luggage and freightb Mr. Smith ftaaily made h a appearance u d stated to UKUi THB ATTKMI-T AT FTJB10M AT THB A3TOM tbe excited members Uat Uw committee bad endorsed aHOIS1—TH8 FAU.OUK LAJJJ AT THB DOOM OF THX !BECKIMKrjb6BB8, KTC.pr positi. n, and it only needed Uw acceptance by Dean Richmond—their chairman bad beea intruded to notify Richmnad, who alone could decide tbe question. Mr.At the first meeting of the Conference Committee Mr. Hood bad ao power: it w n , therefore, aseien for thenW i d made a rjropoattion to Mr Green aad h athat h* they would withdraw their electoralwould recommend to aad secure the adoption afiut.on by tta State committee which be rsarsnitluil to Brock inridgers view it, The latter declare u d showtbe enact that if tbe eoatnt should prove to be hat a m Breckinridge and Lmcoln, M tha thirty-flaw votes of Haa York would elect Brect nrridga, then they should be cnt tor him.thai toe entire rnponibility rest, upon Richmond a Co.Mr. Green and ha snocntn made several objection to taa proanittoa, tad asked Messrs, Wood aad Laflia ifMiiwacKJis, Sept 19,1S90. Senator Seward arrived here early on Sunday morning, la view of the dantron shipwreck of toe steamer Lady Elgin, it w n deemed proper to have so public demonstra- tion on his arrival. He b n therefore remained strictly private. To-morrow he speaks a Madison. CharlesFranca Adams aad son hare joined toe party.SENA TORtendered me, 1 desire to hold it subject to aay action which may be deemed expedient on the pert of toon by wtom it w n conferred to secure tbe triumph of the enservative, utioaal sentiment of Uw State.Accept my thanks for Uw courteous u d nattering man- ner a which you have notiAed me of tae nomination.Gardiner 8. Hubbard, owner of Uw Lady Elgin, has libelled Uw schooner Augusta for $42 000, aad the venei bn ben tabu in charge by Uw United States Marshal. Tha will brag eat a full investigation of Uw affair.The leading lawyers of Denver tove agreed to trans act ao more profenional business under the present da- arraagad state of affair* Tbe -noveawat a started a or der to secure a eoveraawnt cf some kad far the P a * * Peak region.Yesterdsy there w n a nvere toader shower a Draver. Lajfatnag struck a maay ptoen arosad toe city, but caaaed no damage.Iaterestlas*; from H a v a n a a a d Mexico. New • iKLSAjra, Sept. It, lttO.The stea-E-bip Bteoviiie baa arrived bare with Havana dates of toe 7tr. last.Sugar w u dull at If?.-, real* The stock w n 260.000 boxes. Molasses w u unchanged, freights bad e.ightiy declined Excbuge on Londn was 14 'i a 16'-' par cent premiim and on New fork 4,S per cent pretii'^m.The heaitti of tbe aland was excellent.A cargo of saves had been landed oa the enters cant of Ci.be.. but no further particulars could be learned con-somethirgcf thai nature.Mr. Wood replied taat be could not aay abaff theywould do, sad refund to take under consideration his proposition until ha (Mr. 6 m a ) bad aid his A m offer before ha SUteOanniittee, and seen whether tbey would axept or reject itWith tha Mr. Gram aad ha committee all; sftorwarsa returned, aad said the Stale Committee bad rejected tbe •nr.Mr. Wood then asked then If tbey would take six elec- t. re aad two oa the aate ticket.Oae of Mr. Green* associates asked if thai w n his ulb-Yours, very respectfully,PENNSYLVANIA CONGRESSIONALNOMINA- La trieada. Up to thia morning twenty-seven bedaaMr. Wood replied Uat he was very dniron of uaiUag arrival wu announced by the tiring of cann<m. He wntoe democratic party, u d willing to make grnt ncrincnfor that purpose but in saluag tha propositus be bad zens. At three o'ewek a meeting vms rrganized inof having it acceptable to toe Uw public square Mr. Douglas appearance called forthwhab be ismi—ilml In makmg a. he wanted it to annual to something, ead trimrudous cheers and Uw pressure to see the "Littlenotmerelyoneonpaper. If he wn merely to consult rant" wu great. 'wmg to hosraenem he did not t» own feelings, be should not hesitate to grvtog them apeak long. Ha speech wn u abbreviation of ha Read-what they bad aUed.Mr- Greea aad committee t a n left, leaving Uw im-prtasxm upon the minds of Misas. Wend aad Cafia that tbey woairi return and report whether theiraccepted n njuted toe proposition.Urn* •sastsa the-rromtk stopsing effort, sad w n mainly directed against Uw noaaion- an. At half patt five be w n escorted to Uw New YorkCLDfTON tetlGSS, Mayer of Omah*. «-^. —- ««ita u } UiR.—..of those isenlaiig met la the ncnpied by thanrnmltue, end toSSWft irRCIl X&£PACIFI&abruptly ahemtxg sdaaeit Oae gsatamaa thv-^. 7\ they shaotd send n ha room and get ha b»beat st aaul be rataraed. Mr Weed aatiisgof tbe committer osscally teat be ***y*i \twa of tea ejectors, he ; bat swryt> ,ag i ad taa Albny Bsgencr s a t e toor rejection of tnsrt'uossd rntoafA pnvsto letter wn sshMbd dartag the day fromOn «i S. tHrkinn, 1a wt,ch be stated that •' ther a raataa sasa aay terms a»»* the Bsewaey sen he be tiountod out. Tbe fleerJu wag seem tothtaktwee.y-three years o, l, a da-t hgatwita a par.y oiroiAncaa. CAJtraiem » famstatu iniTccfarsy*BAJ. paiaa, art-., aiv.of atenator Seward Is tbe mangers oa tbe other aide <to aot want a o a a a , - theabrupti^jocrsnentwnIntheparson«a*prevsntto*GOIaMITTll,HTCThe rural members of tbe Brecksnr dg» State OeatraiComaittee came to Sew York strongly pr*7ud. .ed againstLocke, from Mewnstto.SaBed Acgur St, ships Georges, fbr^Sew York; Sflth,•-.-*- yjr»tirfi «mof$20toM-nr<-ruBobaau,oiSerag-: «... an i a* mmwu ot tlA to tea M. a. Fate, of Sprtsej-mi , n- -Jurd !:Mtyndar did anemnpew fir nrm « )-T IW.WM'1 r*ag, UMtret nan ram ol tata Profm e m «*- dart y amhem aad the atsoad, of tM, to AiTivaJ off Jttdgje Doucla* in THB PAixcraa LAID AT THB BOOA or THA DOCG mediately surrounded hemmed a13 — w ite b a n s : Ibr >edWB> riding, theB.F.Shew,forAcatralbt;hark'<>tetaa,**farso. Thtfneral toadaacy of the msrkn tba weak laabwaflway to Washiagtoa, aad w u immediately waited ttpou add-?«•*<! some ten ar twelve thousand people in Uw • ^ » V» Jl~«*agta aoaiaa. Uw trm praaataas of tl* THX FTJS10S KLBCTOEAL TlOOrr. by city members of tbe committee, who informed him townsqarc. In endurorag to mtoe himself heard heof a Mr. Y u Zoni and John D Betta, taey sneceedad agiriag tbe alarm, aad with Uw aid ot tbe po- tonnage for other quarters limits opnrattan. A i•. -rra, owned by Gaorg* A Btraa, of ^rta^flalt; tie* *-co*doftlAtoTafaay,ovaadbyOr.A.f»fa,of -fnaateidC-*to So. 24— ftaaaar* drtTtaf: Om award of nO0 ia ti * rmm m | -ec to S t e m UtaaI, ef tDa Metropolitan Fou Sew Yorfc for bn fear m baad. IkeoMtaaa af law * & ftrowa, of New for*, waa oat<"-_.«Ne 36—Beattaadnam tnJaaaaaJ.cy prwM.aaaoftowwaagtwaai*A.D.Brtna,af n ' j.f3e^ Jar a taam af fCu--< Si »-Waauaftr* rr<t ;Maai'iaa rf t t t t u lAdy 0*ay. aanwi by Q. C Dh. <>r •ararteid. the anoaa ef fit to lady Fearta, e-Vjefl M L D Itooerta, of Bvttord, Doom.. „ - So. 31—c^rtac traak teaam. The team of Mr. 3t- :•# • F».-Kaa af Saw Tor*, tekaa. offr-..K is: af taO There were noThe OpeamOpposed•^BAJftnaaaj ^WJ^» aha« ^RlWfthat tbe feeing a Sew York w n all for a union against thecommonenemyuponsamehonorableterm* Hewas led to understand that tha waa tbe sentiment of at aaety-aiae out of every one hundred Breckmridgeoverstrained ha voice, u d ha nataual effoeta, notwith- standingtothesameand.lefthaaundersuchdaadvac ages thai bis •peech was Uw wast effective la point and argument, as well aa a* delivery, Uat he b nlice Uw man w n removed to the atatioa boote. Ontheir arrival there theman wn found IObe dead and a deep wound a ha beck about six .ncues a depth- TnereOeitg every evidence that the mm hadsi ac. per l t t bast, a n be aoted; goad stopping I nowquotableattl4a. TheshipSt.commenced loading for England mil carry Stjftt of wheat. Tbe bark Chriataa h n salted ita tea* l a t o a - C a Uha present canvass. He hopes for a quwt bopea that he may be h.mself agaa for Uw political tournament to morrow.been murdered, Mr Wildey aad nveral of Uw police with over lOJMt bushels of when, and toe n.p Lo-dl started in pursuit of she aapsnad psrsns whs had com-The rumor of a ajaaaaag nJaa by giva* tha Breckia ridge aea lea eleetora aad taa Btato otnean, circulatedThere were none ol bie friends to receive attheferry,soUatheandhapartygota fcahctei.; night qutetyton)J[ VHOW THB aMAClESTUlHitEa TIMW TKH XSOOTIAT10K—bands, wt.ch, with a hand from perAuity oi melody. Judge Donates at Alientosra, ud whea be baduntavoTe-de, owtag to the sssBasafttaa atin this city, sad to aatxfy Mr Green Uat thiswaa eonae*, they netted b n to go with them and a nseveral af tbe leading men in tbe city. A number of per-souwerewaited upon,andthefaeliagwn sounani-mous Uat Mr. Gran rated that he would call hiscommittee and a n if acmething could aot be dose to bragabout an amicable arnassstsat, accordingly he issued THE DOUGLAS BARBECUE AT JONIS' WOOD.mitted the act, u d finally succeeded a amsting, with toe aid of Osa*. hemes and saajjant Mount, three of Uw party,namedThomasSlarm,BernardAftsttenandCbsa. Albattoa, Uw tetter aapanad to aa the alleged mur carer. It appears from toe statement gives by a Mrs. Garin, keeper af a grocery store. No. a* Clark street, thatRaglan b n cemmenad kadisg for toe s u n rlntasfwa. Tbe Posy Express, with Ft Lo»w dates to toe 144a of August, sad the a oamiag express with dates to the 2Jto*is telegraphed from Carta Valley thit morning.There have recently b a n nveral strikes of labor e n af San Francaco for Uw tea boars system, waiefa hare hsrslparUaite snatainert.At tbe Dongas democratic prtmsry eteettn to BsstFraneaoo, it w u demonstrated that nearly all toe Iraki of the city will give then- support to tost tic*etPolitWai a n a aacetings throughout toe State are al- most entirely ecgrosamg tba public attaatom.Primary tftattan ana conventions are taktag staoa dairy in all the counties to choose deiegatea ta reprnect the four political parties when State Cuvectioat wifltto Sacramnto between toe 2d u 1 llto of Bep-rahag, eaand a grnt frnttor aaaant noli- na call for a meeting of the committee at the AetorSxtensrve preparattens were a progrest yesterday Charm Albattoa came ato her more a few momentaafternoon, at Jonn' Wood, for the grnt political gather before the affray and teaed sanatbtag tram tbe iocomo tire. Soon after he again appeared at to* door and torewing and barbecue whab is to teke ptace to morrow. Se- something a , and going to see what it w n found a knifeA arts majority of tbe Doogba State Oua- a uaderatcod to be entirely opposed to anyHouse, on toe Ttb lam , and! that the Richmond and Cog- ger coeMnittee might be a tbe city n ss to a i a otasialactios, inasmuch u their subcommittee were not veated veral stands for speakers have already been (erected, and arrangements. Mr. Richmond, Chairmen af the with any power whatever. Mr. Green sent an official every thing will be a reatuneas for tbe monster gatheringcovered with blood. She picked it up and wiped tae blood off, when an officer n a n a and took itfrom bar. the affair seems to hare unionatediy originated from the fact that Uw deceased with ha friend, paid sstaastaa to these lira The deceased, *rray. a a member of Twnty-ataeQoaumtteajto a town to-day and goee down to Sewnote to Benjama Wood, Esq., notifying him that a meet- iBg of tbe Breekaridge State Central Committee had been called for tbe Ttb mat., at twerre o'clock, to consider anyoi those who are opposed to tbe success of black republi-can ism. Under the scpei vision of Mr Cornelia Campbell, one of the monster oxen intended to satisfy the ap- Engine ud had on ta aersoc badge So. T2. Tbecoronrlm% to-night, bat be m understood to refne perempto-TV •• Barber or -wTtile" waa grtwiMM aigfafc to a rily to call the Coram:tiee together to consider any neb proaoeition Uat be might sake to them.we. ftjefl boa-*, la the daet with Figaro la the trat act, ?%i. WM reaiiy bewitehUif, tar bypay bang aa adrni- r»:. * %.- - rt «iof isf. Bar aaacatioa waa l a r t a d by all lit e.ea-neaa, auri t> and origiaahty la the v*r«t*oaa *: <L •:.. i j te habit af diaotayiac ia the ralet that,;r »-. w*. to ber powera. Briircoii (ilawivtva)taatrov^ujeaadaiaawithhaanvery i. &c«lt ana ia the tret est, AaMdio'a Doa B n l l a meeting ef the Committee at tbe 3t Nlcboaa Hotel, laA*soon n tha notice wn despatched, Mr. Preen letfor WaahagtoB, and on hW return found Uat the feelingfvr union, instead of abating, bad increased amongst alleassr* opposed to tbe election of Lincoln, and it w upetites of Uw hungry democracy w n putjupon a spit, suspended ever a cavity oug in Uw grouad four feet deep by twelve feet square, and at six O'CIOCK Uw fire w u ignited, and the process of roasting tout e^mmencedw u notified u d will hold u toquest to day.mBrook. I y a C i t y Saw/a.Coxaos CcrvT„ —The Board met yesterday eveningpropoetuoa. Several telegraph menagn have been re- ceived h e n from the West lacocraging any n : h ar- rangement n ajar;oua to tbe ticket.found that something decisive moat be done. Tbe oom-mntee met, and a reply to Mr. Green* letter, from Mr. m right good earnest. The great ox of toe ecaston willDean Richmond, Chairman, u d Pear Gagger, Secretary Weed, was hid before the committee, aad after cons.de be immorated to day aad paced upon the sf n at twelve for tbe first time after Uw summer recem Presidentef the Democrat: t Central Committee, a n e a ' a l l for a rabte daenraien a committee of three waa appointed to o'clock tc night, where it will hang and! roast until Balbsaeaeb a the ahair. The trat thing a tbe way or y e a r n Stockton, tomorrow eveatog. Aationa and resort them tc the State Committee.would be eosatrued n , aad would be, to fact, aa endorse- DEDICATIOH OP A NEW WIDE A WlKE HALL. Mr. aalufleach acted n Mayor, aad aratng out of ordinary.LMON—A EOrCrLXS AMD BBtBCKITOtftKiS IKTI&PBX- TXTIOKOFTWXLATM NEGOT:ATiOSS—13 TMBBSOK isTBXB>NOTA"vaioNIate, arcMinis. Wood ud Isr-.in asking them to recommend to theirSateCommitteetonamn theirelectoralticket elevenofthepresentBreckinridgedistrictelectors,ud one from the Stats at large, u d that toe candidates for State cfiieu be divided sqwaBy. Tha proposition Mr. Green informed then be would recommend for adoptionlighted by toe singing of some campaign sings by toe PrairieClub. Tbeywereorignallyapar*ofthebat- talionofWideAwakuwhometattoetnte, bat they b w s s n dnatW Aed and leftTbe principal topic amongst all c a n s to tbe city yes-terday a n the perplexed qnation of fuaiua ate^r attempted by tbe politician a tha city, who have ad' by toe committee which he represented.ciety of their own. Tbey number about all appearance are vary a n i o n a theTHE MONSTER UNION MlGrand t'mon man meeting to be held at Uw CooperInstitute on Monday, September 17, at eight o'clock A'Jdemocratic aad Uai*B clubs are a n t e d tolco-operate atha great demonstration Tbe officers of such clubs willplease commas teste with toe Committee! of Arrangemente, which will be to session a room 37 lafarge Botel,every evening tha weak, to perfect arrancamena to at-tend said aeeting. sad appoint escorts tor the various special order for next meeting, after which tbe Boarddelegations from abroad. Communications nay be ad-jointedaithoctbeagabletoafonathen*trieadawhetb- they are dead or alive. Every person that we met, let htm be a democrat or republican, at c a n propounded aa inquiry abont the .fusion. The merchants talked it in tbe counting rooms, anJ for once tarried with a friend a little longer at hiach, trying, if prwible, toaalvethe mystery and ascertain what most be done to secure what they were all laboring for, aad which tbe po'itlcan seemed determined they {should not have. There was a sate of bewildermeat all around.Theaxrveraal teefasg, however, seesaed to be to ao Icngcr treat to the trading politicians, but to take the mat- ter out of their hands u d select their own ticket, lire,Mr.Laxtn replied that he would not makeanysuto recommendation, u d Mr. Woed declined to n y whether be would or aot, but would submit It to Uw State Com- mittee without recommendation.Mr. Green thereupon stated Uat they should construe his declining to reccmaMBU u a refusal, aad men n k s d Mesas. Wood and Lafim to take ten district electors sad one from UaJState at large.To this proposition Mr. Wood gave the same reply u to toe former.The i.reen committee then made another proposition, uking them if they would take nice datrict eleetora aad one frrm the Sate at arge.Mr. Wood declined to give a definite reply to t h a , aad was informed by Mr. Green Uat they conaidored his de- caration a refusal.sellorA motion by Alderman DATKB, to lay the veto on tbe table for one week, rave raw to a long dacusiion irrol- v a g many personal!ties, bat it a n lost, u d . the veto entered by a vote of IS to 1. The veto w n nwred on toe minutes u d ordered to be pub.ahedMr. Hood then asked Mr. Green u d snociktes if they would take Ave electors u d one-half of toe State ticket. spectire of politicians, cliques, eemmittem or conven- To tola Mr. Green replied Uat H a n unreasonable, be- c a n e tbey bad already conceded tea eleetors to the KnowION—KO- Mr. Samuel fleet, of New York. The insurance on the real property a not known, but Mr. Train s atook, valuedtions.It appears that the politician have overreached them-Sotomga, u d it w n only air that they should bare Uw same numbersmen shall be droppec. and what Breckinridge men shal1 party, and mid Uat he would lay Uat proposition before toe committee, now in session, sad t o * bts Wave.at $1,200 a insured for only $600 Mr. Tram ard ha fa- mily had a narrow escape.waitopnMrWood. twelv«oclocaonWednesdayBOOB. Itwitthencome busmendonewuacommunicationfromanumberof greatbrtterseuaSBBSftastatsgstaatthai down from the spit, etc keep descending until it reaebnan interview w n bed with Uw Douglu commit- toe lower retvoue of democratic stomach* That toe de citizens oa the dagracefnl condition of the swamp iuda a candidate for re-election next water. Sent of tha*- }n ue bwim m ontiaaaJ aerrijaeat. Itiaoaeofthe New York, for ir-.iay next, September 14, at twelve tee at half-past two o'clock on Friday, at Bocracy may sot gfawsy without ratatsatal fodder, of South BreoklvB. which are detrawatal to Uw public democratic County Coaventkxa have required p'.edgsff•vie » whtoh he to ant at bona, la the Hi d the Chanma ha nought oat the foQ (•- c : aa n.^iuDd orgaa. aad a n TeryfdenerrodJy aa- cm.aed. Tbe > faro of BarUi waa a vary areditabie prt-rmane. He • aa aioellaat artat,aad eaora ala-O'clock, aoou.It a wen caderstood ban that by a bvge aajority tbeproposition, avid to bare beea made by the Breckmridge>.mooico'e. Mr. Wood commenced with a pro 2COOloavesofgoodbreadudtenbanetejofexcellent health. ThecommunicationwnreferredtotbeBoardofpositioa to Mr. wrsen aad saaattatn, sating them crackera will be on toe ground to silence taa eravags ofto rsoommnd to their State Committee to with- their appetites. It frill be a carton sffair. wind ud BeeJth.from their wgataUve deftgates to o n all boaorabw ex- ertion to defeat ban when toe Stole Legabuure u . amble*The Republican State Central Committee has fte-ded to call four State maes meetings or barbacon a the f --.«? most prommerit interior localities.T h e s e v e r a l S t a t e a n d c o u z t y a-rricuMura? f a i r s a r * about to rce«t. and all the reports represent toe prtgr.n of toe country, a aa agricoltural • sense, n moat extra*ment a* toe squatter sovereignty doctrine of Douglas, u d The 'City Wide Awakes " a new organisation, met to ton s veto came up before tbe Common Coun- > virtually abandoning tbe platform adopted st Baltimore; dedicate the new room in 6C8 Broadway last evening, cil tost evening, of which toe faOowmg are the prin- u d further, it would aot receive tbe suction of toe cipal points —That toe Common Council cannot pronmte Breckinridge party of toe Stats. After sene firmer u d tbey were addregaed by Hon. Mr. Briggs of Ohio, a suit except for the purpose ef pretecUag its oan inte- KujTiciAss saw n I>K**B—THK ax&nts DU;A.VI> A desultory conversation, Mr. Green made a proposition to Horace Greeley and others, and were edified and de- rests or corporate privileges and frascnan, n decided by tbe Supreme Court a the case or Hasmart against toe MayorofSewYork(SthBarbour'sReports);thatthe suitreferredtointheretolutiaisaotasuit:thattoe charter provides ton all tew business of tbe Corpurattoo shai! be under tbe management of i » attorney mid coun-At the Stockton fair, \tfto tons of copper from Co'e- B a county arc on cxnibition, which creates the stprtf- sioc that the m a n whence tbe specimen came iron must be valuable.TbecontestantsatheBrcderickWillcastbareapplied! foracommaakmtobesenttoNewYorktotake ao t a s t a a u y of Joseph C. MitHfoben, and ansae otoevs, by* whom they expect to move that off toe day the will par- parts to have been sftasd, Broderak eeobJ aot nave exe- cutedit,ai thatUwwillwuaotasaagBrodu-a* papers at Washington whea they were Arm examxsd af-ter bft death The application was etmuoc5> - •vwed u d tbe Court h n tbe matter under adrisnant.Thirty three State prison eonricte made a desserete at- tentate escape on tbe 38th ult , by rushing upon toa guard. The praosers were fired upon, aad thru c- four of them mortally wounded bObre tbey could be secured. 'On toe Tto of August tae state Lawam, of Bath Maine, sailed from Port T owsnsrl, Wnhington Territory, f n New York direct, with a cargo sf yellow tr spars, vary- a g ta length from 60 to 118 feet Tha a Uw Aral cargo of ship timber shipped from Paget Sound for say Attest o port. Another vessel Wleading with Uw same kad oltimber for Loudon.The value of the merchandise, cot tacJudrng the trea-at East Mr. < .reen expressed a desire to unite the democratic Sew York yesterday afternoon to nominate county offi-andLa associates thatthsywould recommend to the Douglu State Conmittoe to pace six Breckmridge men on the electoral ticket and one of toe canuidatos for State (.Ulcere.Here followed an interesting scene. Mr. Hatch and one two other members of toe committee b e a g anxious to accept tbe proposition, but a larger majority in favor of letting toe whole subject drop. The debate was kept up for some time without any prospect of agreement. An adjournment waa Anally made until ten o'clock on Satur-day morningOr reassembling on Saturday morning. Sir. Smith pre- sented a serin of resolutions, mating their proposition of ten electors and two of tbe State candidates their ulti- matum and pledgag themselves to stand by it if tbe otaer side accepted. u d , after the adoption of those reso- lutions, adjourned to twelve o'clock, to meet at Uw call of toe chairman, thus closing all negotiation.Tbe committee then scattered, and about two hours afterward Messrs. Wood and Laflin came along and met Mr. Green m the rotunda of tbe Astor H o n e , sad after finding Uat they bad adjourned, said to Mr. Green that tbey wouldThe ticket baring beet completed, a resolution w uorparties ccctaiamg the Union element to endeavor todefeat the Lack republicans, it w u resolved that a sub-committee of three be appointed to confer with any othersub-committee of aay other political organisation for that which she had for Uat port, u d continued ber voyage to purpose, u d that sach committee be empowered to fill Galway, where she arrived a Ave days and nineteen u y vacancy Uat tap been made, or Uat may be made, into .pen negotbUivns again—a fusion has h e n made If Richmond accept* what you say Mr. Wood now agrees to, and there a no need of any further action on their part; and thus Uw matter ended—fusion, yet ao fusion, n tbeMrs. J u e Cook, Mas Ilinbath Ann Cook, of Foad du l a c ; Mr. Franklin Hopktos and a son of Deputy Catted by every lover of toe Union, u d its defeat regarded n States Marshal Buna, of Milwaukee, are among tbe lostARRIV AL OFSENA TOR W A TJKEE.A TMLL-Regard for adivMuaa must not prevent » embarrassDOTJGLAS' TOUR IN VANIA-TIONS.PBoanauwu, Stpt. 10,1M0.Bon. B T. Junkan, w n re-nominated i o-day, by Uw repuhltcans of thh Sixteenth datrict.First Telegraph Deapa,tab from Omaha Caty. Nehrsafta.Mayor Wood lucsavud yesterday morning the following despatch, which reached toe city oa Saturday, which m toe first telegraphic menage received from Omaha City, Nebraska—OBABA Cm, $ept. 8,1800.To MATOBWOOD —The espial city ef Nebraska ends her congratulationshave been recoveredAmong Uw lost oa board Uw Lady Elgin a WulamHerner of Phlladeipha, nephew otS. and W. Welch,Tbe lady Elgin is inured for twenty four thousanddollars.Tlit Natloaal Asrricaltaral Exhlbitlwa. CDrcorxAB, Sept 10, I860Tbe grounds fitted up for toe eighth exhibition of tbe United States Agrcultural Society are ready, u d nume ronnteWsaraccenag a from datant States, n well ss Ohta, Indtena aad Kentucky TbeVe is every prospect oftrain, u d left amid enthusiastic cheers.Paafield, Klinbeto. h e , targe a n *u d called tor IWogtas, who responded by a few words oM> Auid, Chief Cserk.was requested by toe Mayor to answer it by letter-rather a stow way tn this fast age.Mr. Woot~naaedb>toly want ato the hotel, and there ARRIVAL OP JUDGE DOUGLAS .IS NEW tag. Yesterdaj A. M. two cbildm Mr. Green taaag wish also oa* sf tbe help, a woaaa afCAIBO, 1H-, Bset.lt, Arago, bound for Vkasbmgb, nThe entries tor tbe Natwaal FaJr,whicbhere September $4, alrradj number aearly 1,400 Erery- thtag ad mates that it wdl be aud. Btaiwng ap to has, aud Uat he (Mr.thethe bat saaajsHsstu xta thsaght that thsytreated h a renmHtec fairly by Mr.that U wouldi to UW Doogn LMiiiiiHIae to J i nYORK. One of tbe snatoabi, a wnswii of Judge Douglu arrived a tow* last najjtl per Maw year* is very bedsy barsad, aad batJersey Ceatrai Railroad, accompanied by a sage party af recovery are ntertained Ota other learn if oae ef toe orphans or afriends from Beading aad Eaatoa. He b n token ap he! be a Uw raaa. Oae of toe Sisters ofSaturday snraag, ber valuablecoo.derably damaged. H a baft Will probably ba sat more attractive ton aay former exhibit ton.P ENSS Y L . EasTOH, Pa.. Sept. 10,18S0.Tbe reception c!" Judge Douglu at AUentown this morn ic:/ wu very enlhusmtic- m ha arr vai at the depothe w n received by the Keystone Club u d a large num ber of citizen. He spoke a few aunutes, but his re- marks were cat short by toe starting of toe tram for lesion. A arge delegation a*--onipuie*l hai here Hiseewrted from s.i.th £*£ton by a ;>roeeuion of citi-quarters at the Firth Avean Hotel, where be remaining only uu after Uw great day to Jon annua oft He will then at oaoe start on hatear, la-day be will be jetted by ha of Uw Douglu isaacifsliiii party tar Vata• JolsasnB waa te to SASU SSM Wdtb aini fna its siiiiiaat staj ,b"pee are TrJirlssanl eftoirty a six a all. Thekaa efof than ty. aged 11 years Maryoff. Nolivu Election*Chiefof Wales wtU probahip be bars n Tuesday,ta It a animated Uat 380,000 strangers will vfttt Loco during tbe week.Joseph E Thtyar'iabatgreatinterest reft to bear Mr. Johnson ong a d aea!afMcEroy nunduringtheef herPatUBSarBtA, Sept 10, TLBs*. David M. Lyle, of Faiimounl Fagme, w n elected Cbafragtaurof Uw Fire Iarartaant of toft city thhmThe KBag;htsaf the tieIdea Clrelc. Kaaataa, Bept. at, lttOConael Groner bn left fer Taxn vta Witbawarl ud Meaipha.wheroheniectatoBwets sage coaoourn of MMigbta of Uw Goldea Circle,speech to-morrow There It afreqseatly dilated ea by ait eo rotative toptee asbraotd qxrsttaa af the day. Aa pointed to tad their aid tochief aaadteaAt Somervilie, bad assembled.*ndntroynbyB^nBraura*y*aight. inured ter to,***Lou $14,000-dressed i Uw Secretaries at the above of D ROWXAXDGEO. A. BALSEY. /KINGS COUNTY P0LIT1 TBI BBXCKlNBiWil DEMOCRATIC CO! acATioM OF corvrr OFFI The Breckmridge Democratic Conventadjourned.Fax a r*TFiOix Conrr. —Yesterday morning, at uusual moving from ptace to ptace, incident to sli meet- ings of the kind, ana Uw bawling* of tbe chairman foryear hare been ocr> 25.RAILROAD Aranajri.—Y esterday morning, n a littleand over 4,COO quarter sacks of floor.Ftate's Peak. OP*T*ATIONS> A T T H B MI>tt»—I*BONTtWR O C T I t A e ^ -ABAMKlNkBT Or THB TLUXiKA I'H PhO-*Cr— STBltK OF THE LAWVKB.-, ETC.ST JOHBTH Mo., Sept &. 1660 Denver City news tc Septerxber 1 a received.Reports from Tarryall silver mines eon'.inue favcraule. The richness r>f the ore has aot yet beau fully ascertained. Same specimens jWIded more lead than SIIVCT. Several quartz mills hi the Gregory datrict have been sod ot»,w cost.MostofthoseaSevadegufchnvebeeastopped several days, on a-count of sarcity «f water Tbe Deris mil! in Runeii's gulch, running four days, has y.ekied $1,686. Several mills are beag moved from Boiider district to Gregory's, where their owners anticipate fad- ing better quartz. Maers in the gulch are generally doag well. A few are making upwards of $26 per toy.Middacgh. who captured the murderer Gorton, arrived Wedaeaday, to subpons witnesses for ha tral at Leav- enworth Letters were found on Gordon show a-; that A J. Williams. Prestdnt of Duver Town Company, and Dr. Kennedy, aided Gordon a ha escape Willasu sad Kennedy have fled. Tbe witnesses fslB go down next week.Aa sfiray occurred yesterday morning b e t w e n Joha Cagger and Washington Bull. Several shots were fired, oae grazing Cagger's hip, and entering the foot of a by-stander Bull;gave himself up to the authorities. OnWedaeaday,Sttb,BJ.RiceudE.Parsonwere killed by toe Kkrwu at Bin Ranch, n Box Elder creek, twenty milea southese* of Denver. Their bodm were thrown into the cab a and burned, nothing but botes being found. They w e n identified by bottom and otherpaces cf metal about them.Left Baad, of the Anapahoes. is a Durer, tad ssjs wesoay expect further trouble.Mr Creighton, telegraph agent, fcavn toa wen forthe 8ates He bn beea unable to raae s snjfictont amount to b r a g tbe overbad telegraph through to Den- ver. It will probably go vta South Paste crossing sadgentlemen to keep their seats, there w n Bathing thata -A motion w u made that the sub committee be da- VK Jamts Carboy, of toe Twelfth ward, took the chair. from tbe front platform of ear No. 3, running to Bast Sewd raied an> thing Ilka dWordev.back boy, about twelve years old, w u about to stepdone, resulted in the following ticket —ght rip—John Mcrnme*.s«T>ert>i>n<i<ntf o/ ft' Four —First Datr ct—John De-By orderearly hour, a grocery store and dawtrtag hone, occupied by Mr Charles W. Tram of lakeland, Suffolk county caught Are,aad Botwito8tanding all tbe efara made were burned to tbe gnuLd. The property w u owned bytbe nominations of this committee. Tbe Convention then hours afterwards. There she dacharged a arge cargo,adjourned.HON. WILLIAM KELLY AND T^B GOVEE- uotiwr cargo on board, with nearly 1,000 ton of coal.NORSHIP.Subjoined may be found Bon. WUlism Kelly's letter, ainpone to the Dougfn Democratic State Committee, ac- cepiing the nomination for Governor of toe State of Sew Yorki—Bmnaata, H. Y.. flspt. A, 1880. To Messrs. Wnxua fjsuaaaauja, JOBS Ta^car and DarroMCCLTOS tommtttee —GxrrLBKXs—I hate received your communication informing me of my easnimnn nomination for the office of Governor of Uw Sate of New York by the Democratic Convention assembled at Syrscise on the Hth of AugustIareply1begtosayUatIaccepttbenominationwith a high sense of the boeor, u d with profound gratitude to Uw great party watch bn conferred upou me n datin guahed a mark of 1ft favor and confidence.As tbh nomination wu unsought by a n . n it Is now accepted only upona belief, based on assurances which have been warmly made to me. that toe use of my nwill tend to unite "the great body of toe democracy u l toe opponents of sessional am in tow State.'The success of a sectional party fraught with c quences so full of evil to our country, should be dreadedsuch defeat will require tbe earnest sad combined efforts of all who are truly natianal a their feelings.saved.rowdies wboi aroucd toe above nanbora> 1.Uat toe rtsesassd, a compuy with a frtaad oamed im. Miller, have ben a she habitof vaitingSa-v Fsuscaoo, August St. Itdt. Arrtred Aagaft SI, ships Elvira, from New T-et;The Finance Committee reported against, tbe payment of blBS illegally oentractod by tbe Commasioners of Be pairs u d Supplies, including a bill for supply ing ha own oflice. The report was adopted.A resolution to build a station house for the Fifth Dis trict, at aa expense not exceeding n 600, w u made adatrict There w u ao row, however, for beyond tbe thetownship:TO81'families, and toe deaths during toe tralia, conveying 170 sacks of wheat, l,£0o sacks of oa A,put ashore the passengers u d their luggage, the mailsaad despatches from St. Johns and New York, receivedAll acsounte represent the city of Milwaukee usbroadedco operation, u d while accepting Uw nomination ton a BKHirniag, aad b n i n e n ssaaa to be entirely snspsnded FartLaianke.u exhibition Superior to u y yet witnessed a tha ceonto tbe grnt commensal metropolis of tbe East. Midway try. Tbe premiums exceed twenty thesnarl doitars, cert,iag the matter.between the two oceans, with one hand! we salute our with several crtanepursn. The fair open n toe lSto brethren of the Atan tic u d point with the other to theThe steamer Teviot had arr.red at Havana with Yera Crux dates of the 3d int., u d $4 700,000 m specie.Miramcn war at toe city of Mexico eoanstratag ha forces.The liberals were rapidly advancing en toe cap.u"The Juarez government hud declared the bark Mara ConceptKD s legal prizeStarofEmpireoathePacificandcoatauntotheHtth.Fix* at tgalacy. tat.Br STAIO, Sept, 10,1880.The old Norwood Conmisato. Bsan,at Quacy,Dltao.,Tax Btxxrsc or taa CASBOUC Oanuarx —The particulars in regard to toe fire orphan Asylum, aftuatod osa mile out n at u early boar yesterday amratag. arexra DI TOLB- the CatholicT h e N a t i o n a l F a i r . .M. LBCBi,!Untitled Documentyouaggii-p last eveaiag wesa retara-who h n ia tba rear of Mttsey took thi ycunr grrls e niag home with them aheut esein a'aearagtbebonatbegatsssiinnrydartedrromtornaad raa ap ato Uw house. Thsy bad hardly got out efr?tt, when Gray aad MllMr ana nsiliwsy set spua by aparty oi about halt a dasn, wno commenced ban*ag ihem a a moat terrible a n a r . Muter asdag rate. There ban ben but few Indiathatbewm gettagUwwantsfto*ugh;nauptbe sweet ato Sprtag, sad up ato the saloon ofMr. John Whildcy He requested that Mr. Whildeywould come outoide, n be suras* Uat a party of rosuanwere killing ha friead- Mr. Wildey imawrtlstely staradcut, u d as be got Bear Uw corner of Clark street, un- c u t per pound from tbe highest peat reached. Taa served several runningdown Uw Ftreet, ead one of taemeomttry trade tea stasksd up, and yftftwft see doaa ae»Seaator Gwa a to make ha first p-litkml speech ton10,1 sao. Thomas M. Tryniski 309 South 4th Street Fulton New York 13069www.fultonhistory.com 