 NEW a ma, w.YORK HERALD. e u K O o a » « » « « T T ,which tern frtthalAaU.WAU^** rjnxm9n*i*v.-»*m* **»phlo mob was rode and vulgar to the extreme,L A W BBBTTS TH1AM* K*> CM aroe*wajr.-0«" Mmmmatm Ooeow. — _ — _ _»ATI01»AL OONCKOT BALOOX, Rational Theatre,- j\ist as soon AS these parties that block thefmOfrawKBW BOWIRT TBOAMS 8Mwry.-<-W**«*-»tC*:. txilfiviMT-JfiMiiDiT Oomraufoiu.parties «f the day vastly overrate the import-' is now classified as a medium sized vessel. contrary, the police arrangcanmtb were all tint The particular enterprise of the Great Eastern could be wished, and toe people behaved ismay be in advance of the times; bat if it were the most gentlemanly way. We hove r ever agree in opposing Mr. Lincoln. There is no- they cheated Wise and cheated Dickinson. In part of the general growth of any particular denied toot the New York Aldermen Were treething to be said against Mr. Douglas; on the the Convention at Charleston and at Baltimore line of business, instead of it being, as it is, the t their natural instincts, and turned the bell contrary, there is much to be advanced la his they voted first and last and all the time for. isolated effort of science and capital, It would to, a revel -for* the especial delectattea favor. But he has made o fatal error, oad has Douglas. They could have bad Breckinridge not be found to be such on unwieldy monster as of their friends from the Five Points aad been thrown overboard by his own party to All nominated regularly and in due form by a two- she now is. It merely requires adequate con- other agreeable localities. What we did the States where it is predominant, and is only thirds vote of the undivided Convention. They comitants to handle sach an immense instru- nay and we desire to keep oar Philadel- supported by a minority in the republican or held the balance of pewer. Why did they not , ment. Her present owners are puzzled what to phia friends to the point—was that theof atoward* wiih lightPXUMMLTKUwas heavy, wtth a our atHERALD a carefully written and well artcile from the oldest democratic fjoonecticut-the Hartford TfaMf.of this article is strikingly similar to thatvisit to the Quaker City. One of those into journalists says:—and equal rights for all the States. merely ploying o port in subordination to the ance of the potty issues between them;*' that Many of these men have personal preferences Albany Regency, who want to get Breckinridge gv'ea^ar^SawiAS fossa. DI*CM »Biu««riu. Lirure " the battle is to be fought between the slave- for Mr. Douglas, others for Mr. Bell. They all into their clutches, that they may cheat him asSo«ua, DAMSS, Bnaunoou At.way get out of the way;" And that " the result will be not this or that condition, this or that liability of slavery, in a Territory, but a nation all overspread with slavery or all emptied of it." This is the "irrepressible con- flict* proclaimed by Mr. Seward and by Mr. Lincoln, and yet Lincoln is no more satisfactory to Mr. Smith than Breckinridge, Bell, Douglas or Houston. They all stop short at some re- cognitions of slavery, while Smith, "constitu- tion or no constitution, would have the North vote slavery to death,'' or ask permission of the South peaceably to leave the Union.These points of the letter in question areP AlACI OABDIEK, froinfiaUJE. OOK»»*.Fonrtee:ita ___________street. ~ Y o o iAID I»-'•AATRBBCRY COHfBt SALOON. I7o.'6S3 Broadway.— Bonos, DiMH, BoiuJtsdCM, Ac=••w VorO,Monday,J-Jf »3,lfMW. =MAILS FOR KTJKOPI,Her»Id — Kd11In• forTs« Ouoard steamship Arabia, Capta:-fetone,wili leave Boston on Wednesday for Liverpool.ThenailsforguropewillclosetoUiiacitytomorrowaf- lerixjoo u a quarter put one o'clock to go by railroad, *od at a qaarter to tow o'clock to go by steamboat.doubtful States. Even the State of Illinois is cast their vote for Breckinridge, then? Had theydoV ith her, because they have none of the con- conduct of the Philadelphia police, apropose Tna aWawaa* EDnaoa o r t n aaUx* wtu oe pitDliabod very suggestive of matter for a wide range of At tea o'clock ta the morning angle copies, la wrappers, inflection. Granted that the battle is to belarge for the present capacity of trade, as in tile editors must see, If they ore not utterly stupid, fact that something else besides science and art that it is sustained by common sense and the• U oasts.The eoateotf of the M M M i Bxnoa or THIHIJUII*•jrtu eoatbtae law aewa reoeivad by mail and teiegrapo a •aw aaAce during too previous weak, and cp to tie boor offought between the slaveholders and the aboli- t;ousts for the indefinite extension or absolute suppression of slavery, " as soon as these par- ties that block the way get out of the way," we must still submit that our present interests and attention are all directed to the immediate con-are recsnired for the success of all great enter- prise*.facts in the case. As the matter of the differ- ence between the New York and Philadelphia appropriations, ft hi quite charocteriatlc. Phila- delphia, being a village when compared to NewT h e S e w s .The steamship Ariel Arrived at this port yester- test between these parties now in the field.So far as the democratic party organization is to put on the ticket, or in some way or other.itaj to combine and print one hundred thou- call It mean, but we wfll spare their feelings, sand copies of a morning newspaper, and jet and aay small--characteristically small That'sfl.i>from A spin wall, bringing aewa, fin toe Pana- Out of the revolutionary condition and conflict ma railroad,fromSAB Francisco of the 30th alt,holders and the abolitionists. And will be foughtconcerned, the centre of power is in the Do not trust these Greeks, even when they offer and the Central America and South Pacific mails. of these parties, the events and the order Southern States, because there tat party favors. There is always treachery at the bot-ekill and capital would fail in the practical re- sult of their effort, and their pile of newspapers ould stand, like the Great Eastern, o wonderall for to-day.•PKOCRESS OF THI CESWS^-AS t»* census re-of things which ore to govern the futureThe revolution in «ew Granada still con- must be shaped. We therefore propose, votes, while in the North they ore liable to be now; the whole democracy of this State will beis sure of a certain number of electoral tom. The united South is with Breckinridge otaae* the State of Bolivar having formally from the elements laid down by Mr. beaten in every State. The democracy gravi- with him long before November. His onlyThe Ariel brings $673,290 in specie.declared itself independent of tike federal Smith, to consider the main question, which hegovernment.' Three of the eight States—Magda- has overlooked—the nature of the present con- and the Northern section of the party, after gency. Let them be kept continually ot arm'sunfixed thousand papers every morning, end our only trouble is the demand upon as for more, which the mechanical appliances availa- ble for the purpose do not enable as to supply. Any similar achievement by some great news-len*, lolivar And Caaja—were in oped hostility to flict between our existing political parties andtates naturally towards the centre of power, danger is in having anything to do with the Re- waiting a short time to see if the mountain length, os if they were so many pickpockets, anddent of that republic has issued a de jree prohibit- body of the abolitionists from a heroicfightfor to the Breckinridge wing of the party. sence of friendly communication between the ingtheimportationofforeignspiritsintothatre- principlesintoamerescrambleforthespoils. NorthoadtheSouth,andthattheycannot public After the 3ist nit. The decree is considered But are not kings and politicians always ready to This being the actual state of the case, the hove the pleasure of meeting their Southernstance, it would appear toot Ohio, instead of itishotapartofanaturalgrowth;andwhile increasingherpopulationfortoelasttenyear*,itt wtyl return to England to rust in idleness, long as might be expected of that fruitful and;before it has dropped to pieces ships of equal percus State, has actually fallen off.capacity will be actively employed by the on the contrary, has increased in populationgrowing needs of trade. nearly a million in the some time, which mightaccount for the decrease to Ohio, a large emi-[THE LAST OF THE ALBANY REGENCT.—AS the gration to the younger and more rising StateCm• onstitutional. The government has conceded profess anything and promise anything to ob- |c .kidney Oalsmith, of New York, the privilege of tain power? With as, too, where power is de-Of* ab'iaiing A bank in the republi;. rived from the popular vote, are not our politi- There newsfromaftearagua Is of no interest. cal parties compelled to court the popularchoice of the people is narrowed down to Lin- brethren. We have not heard of any attempt coln and Breckinridge, the only candidates who on their part to go upon a friendly excursionrepresent electoral votes. One or the other to the South; the lost expedition we heard ofmust be elected, if there is any choice by the going in that direction was of a very different Tie United States steamer Wyoming was at sentiment, and even the popular prejudices, of people, and the conservative voters of the kind—the John Brown raid. But the Southronsfca !ao June tb, and would remain there until Mr. this or that section, in order to ride into power? North should refrain from throwing away theirClay, the United States Minister, is advised as to And will not these facts sufficiently explain the votes and shirking the responsibility which theIhe final determination of the Peruvian govern- existence of the several political parties of the present position of political affairs places upondo not wait for us to go South: they come North in a friendly spirit A splendid military com- pany from Savannah is n o # o n a visit to i thispoet has said, " Time at last makes all things even," and the Albany Regency are now reap- ing the fruits of a long series of politicalprobably having been progressing during the last decode.ment at respects the demands of the United States.|lr. Clsjy is doing all he can to obtain a peacefuland satisfactory adjustment of the AmericanClaim*;, and it is rumored that the Peruvian Minis-ter of foreign Affairs is more favorable disposedBow towards a peaceful solution of the questions cratic party, aQd a so-called constitutional a richly deserved gallows. If the merchants whose uniform was so beautiful, and who fought ft issue] than he has been during any previous stageThe returns from Maine so far show aa in- crimes. They are compelled to drink to the crease of nine per cent to many districts overtion lies between the iemocrocy and the rapub-licans. Mr. Hooston and Mr. BeU are very cal phenomenon i3 aa wonderful as the meteorburthen is a natural resalt which will arrive,forged taken of ib a l l L a s t l y , t h e w a n egood men, and would be capital Presidents, no which startled all who beheld it on Friday eve- doubt, but they hove no party, and their nomi- ning; but fortunately we hove a better explasooucr or later, with the growth of trade, fail S10.000 in that ear was net aanot by any means certain for its favorite son;and that being the case, his affairs are as des-perate as these of the First Napoleon when heran away from Russia. Mr. Bell is in quite as that seems to favor Breckinridge, it is only to bad a way. As to the position of the democra-the government. Santander and Magdalena werefxpectedt*aepAratefromtheConfederacyontheSame day that Bolivar seceded, and the progress ofaffair* Indicate a total disruption of the republic. of the anti-slavery cause. He weeps over that Mahomet must go to the mountain; so they ore Orvmrnnstn FOB GOOD FELLOWSHIP.—The just las the Great Eastern has bankrupted the and apparent incongruities to several localitiesthe probable results.Mr. Smith deplores the present low conditionwould come to Mahomet, have concluded, from all appearances, that if anything is to be doneall will come right in the end.Freak Salvador. C. A., we learn that the Presi- demoralization which has carried the great preparing to go over, horse, foot and dragoons, Boston people are always talking about the ab- company which built her. The great ship is a that speculation is somewhat baffled. For in-day, and the conflict among them for the con- their shoulders. They have to choose between city, and we would suggest to the Bostonianstrol of the government ?the Vice President, whose political record is fa- miliar to every one, and the representative of the doctrines which brought old John Brown tothat they have now an opportunity of enjoying the society of a fine set of Southern fellows, worthy descendants of the troops from Georgia,dregs the cap they poisoned for others, and o speedy dissolution awaits them The Regency was brought forth in sin, its whole existencetoe census of 1850; aad in Hartford and New Haven, Connecticut, ond toe other manufactur- ing towns of that State, the increase is aboutWe have four parties in thefield—therepub- lican party, a Northern and a Southern demo-Union party. The republican party was or- and mechanics and working men of the Cen- so bravely for the common country to New ganized, exists and holds ita ground upon that tral States wish to endorse Seward's "irrepressl- England ot the time of the Revolution. Letbeen one continued Be and fraud, and now eleven per cent The aggregate population ofis doomed to perish for the accumulated cor- Connecticut will probably be 470,000. On thetions of years. These men, pretending to other hand, several manufacturing towns ins>f the controversy. It is thought if Mr. Clay had a little stronger naval force to back him up, or a little more backbone in making his demands, there flrould $e no doubt of his success.The tews from California is unimportant.Vaiet? prevailed at Pyramid Lake, most of the national democratic party has been broken into throw owoy their ballots in favor of some of panies of which Boston can justly boost, extend 18G0, after a lapse of twelve years, during the small towns, the population of some havingi-•IS THl QftSATSum AND G«F-AT NEW-WAFERS CJOMTARBD.—Woare coetinpftliy.asked what we think will be-come of tt? Great Eastern, steamship, and If their police daring (he time of the Japaasti such large vessels can ever be profitably em-ployed in commerce or the transportation ofguard, andhe has to pay, and governly. Send along the bills.Dswomuor or Jww Yens, fiawaaa!—In thewhat is equally carious, a leader to the Albany paper endorsing the proposition as sound and sensible, and worthy of adoption. This politi-Pouoa Own Moaa,-tw elphio editors are to great distress « over ear strictures upon the conduct tfAlbany Atlas-Argus of Satui day last we Had a long editorial article copied from the Journal cf Cormcrce, of this city, recommending o sin-leas baorant, while sales were asaAerate,steady, with aales of new nteas at $10 35 a 119 50, th;nm«BtaHlSe0a$lS«S,andiiewpria»eat»44i»a$MSS.aakawerealsoaaad*torfuturedeliveryatfuUprices. one'which cannot foil to reeosamemdItomf to glecombinedelectoralticketforthisStVe, and, other. TheGreatEastern is theresult of as Japaaeaenark wasSugars were firm and active: the sales embraced about 1,600 bhda., AW botes and J,500 bage Bahia, closing at a further adranoe of Vc. per lb. Coffee wasfirm aa< above the views of purchasers: saleAjoT W0 bagsoaibo and mo bags Ja«a were reported at private terms, freights to lagilsh ports were rather firmer, while toe chief shipments were confined to grain anC t e n t t aawttak am t h e PswaMwmttavt tgwea- tlea—Tbe •• Irrepressible Cost«Iet."ta^thata"lik«tMachet7en»tota8theUkelow States, eight or nine hundred thousand voters nidab Sleek now professes to be in the condition of the anti-slavery cause.** - who hold toe balance of power in their hands, mterest of Breckinridge. That is nil But notwithstanding all this, the veteran abo and who always throw their votes on the gammon, for it Is the original anti-slavery or- lition sage of Peterboro tells us "that the side of low, order, peace, tranquillity gan of the abolitionists of this city, and ispassengers.The two questions hove no relation to eachThere wot a aoattttaAe of the day when the Ji itirooyh the city, atMrnaaa*isai*< were elIrcawNltoewallyj o o e n j jof a milemunicipalhas been pot forward in these columns, isevery man of common sense.In the first place it b assumed that the eVc-here. Oar police suited bewill be evident to any one who will look booknotionhas failed to meet with any response nation of it than has yet teen given of the fiery, upon the developement of naval architecture. u in tag themselves.9 * *guilder {ft!from the popular heart. The democratic party mysterious mas? which shot across the sky. Thirty years ago a ship of one thousand tons has been rent in twain by causes which are of One of the editors and proprietors of the At- burthen was considered to be a monster which no significance in this connection. Whether las-Argus is Cometock, the Albany Postmaster. no merchant could fill with cargo for one voy- the one platform or the other is the proper one *ftowf Ms brother is editor of the Journal of Com- ege, no trade could continuously employ; andNow there is no doubt ASto theasob in Philadelphia did insult and annoy toe Japanese Envoys when they entered tint city. The testimony to proof of toe charge was gathered from the Japanese themselves, frsn the Philadelphia papers, end from reliable eye witaesees. altogether free from prejn- dice. So tor atom the troth fa thestAtement that f f Net York rrjniim£- colored their accounts sq as to make the matter worse than rtreaUywaA, the fast**: they rather softened it down. We were aantofm* ot the time that the behavior of theJUh4£.*A characteristic letter from Gerrit Smith(white man) to Frederick Douglasa (blockman), on the Presideniial question, we submitthis morning to the careful consideration of oarpolitical readers. Emanating from one of thegreat lights of radical temperance and radicalabolitionism, this epistle presents a gloomypicture of the prospects ofboth total abstinenceand universal emancipation. Mr. Smith de-clares that the "cause of temperance is pros-trate;" that it hes been betrayed by its frhmds, apeak to the conservative masses In rhoGantral appropriately by the New York Times. Ami-merce. By this beautiful arrangement they canlittle. The difference is only on abotract ploy into each other's hands, ae the tw©> papers mind whether wood and iron could be pat one, and platforms are at the best didatthetimeofthelastelectionforMayorol tvgetker in so large a mass so to float very trashy things, r which few people New York, when the Journal of €omfnet&, true afjely on the ocean. To-day the Adriatic understand and no one cares a snap of to its instincts and antecedents, sustained the and the Persia, measuring more than his finger about. And, above all, we off not free soil ticket of Havemeyer, the choice of a, | three times that burthen, are looked uponfor the democracy to stand upon, matters veryit teas even considered doubtful by the publicju$ new addressing the democracy only. We large'section of republicans,-and championedas email for the work required of them. TheCunard company are already building a muchlarger ship than the Persia, for the route henceto England, and in the general acceptance bymerchants, a ship of from eight hundred to one and that the ponce never once attempted to.thousand tons, once looked upon ae a monster. teach Huepeople better nmngnrs. Here, the I ito P«-done so the present prepaid patching up of a compromise ticket would be wholly unnecessary. If these political swindlers take any step nownection- necessary to use her; bat it would notjbe more difficult for the Cunard company toto the Japanese, proved that they did not un- derstand their business, that they made no ar- rangements to protect the Envoys from thebetray him into the hat da of his enemies. They have found out that Douglas has not the ghost of a chance—that he cannot get the electoraland violated the privacy of their apartments greater steamer they are now building. The and that, therefore, the police aforesaid do net mistake of the Great Eastern Company does not deserve any part of the princely gift of the Em-tic masses, we believe that the firm attitude ofthe Breckinridge men in the South, the fallingaway of the few prominent men in that section vote of a single State; and their object now iswho adbered to Douglas up to the lost moment, to ruin the chances of Breckinridge, as far astogether with the vigorous manner in which the they can do it. in the State of New York. HisBreckinridge campaign opened in Mew York only safety is to keep clear of them The truecity, have created a reaction in the Northern and course of bis friends is to have nothing to doCentral States, the effect of which will ba to with the Regency, and to make no compromisesleave Mr. Douglas far behind in the race, and or bargains of any kind. Let them go straighthelp Mr. Breckinridge in a degree correspond- to the work. The Begency would cheat them t would be a very easy thing for skill and ea- York, made a small appropriation—we might ing to the injury inflicted upon his opponent by the electors whom they would contriveprevailing sentiment, and those prevailing ble conflict," Sumner's "sacred animosity,'' oadinherent prejudices, of the North opposed Wendell Phillips' constitutional "compact with ny, or the Boston Light Infantry (the "Tigers*'),to the Southern institution of slavery; the late hell" doctrine, they will vote for Lincoln, or or some of the other crock military Com- election to General Taylor. Now, again, in Pennsylvania there is considerable variation tothe merely personal nominations for the Presi- able silver vein had been discovered about forty- question, and the constitutional Union party dency. But, on the contrary, men of all par- fh e miles from Mound Lake in Carson Valley. | vainly undertakes to ignore this sectional con- ties, old whigs, Americans or democrats, whohostile Indiana having left that locality. A vain- two hostile sectional camps upon this sectionalto the Savannah Republican Blues an invita- tion to their city, thus proving, not only by words, but by deeds, that they desire to culti-which they have perpetrated every enormity in the State, they again resolve to break up the palrty, because they could not control it them-increased, and that of others diminished, and so it will doubtless prove pretty much in every Atlantic State^but in the large cities we lookAdvices from Oregon indicate that Shiel is flict as a conservative national party. It is desire to set the seal of popular disapprobation vate the same friendship with the chivalry of selves, and, by dividing it os before, they have for a uniform increase.fleeted to Congress. The members of the Legis- ture elected sum up as follows:—Anti-Lane demo- Cram, 11; whig, 1; Lane democrats, 10", republi- cans, 12.easy to discover, from o glance over the field, upon such agitators as John Brown and Charles the South that prevailed during the great strug-done their utmost to give the election to Lin- coln.o this end they cheated in State ConventionFrom reports received at Washington upon the progress of the census, it appears that the population of the United States is about thirty-party will probably command the suffrages of Our notary visiters, the Savannah Blues, spent oil the Southern States, and that the republicanelected by a vigorous effort in the Central superseded to a great extent by a very different and in caucus, cheated at Charleston and at Bal- two millions; yet we ore disposed to think that States, Pennsylvania and New Jersey particu- spirit in recent years. The Boston military timore, cheated everybody with whom they it may run a little, though perhaps not mack,most c: the time yestertlay forenoon in their quar-ter- at the Lafarge House, where they were visi-ted by a large number of the members of the CityGuard. The Blues appear to be much gratifiedsrith their reception, and between them and theCity Guard Astrong Attachment has been formed.In the Afternoon they visited the residence of Lieut.Col. Ferris at Manhattanville, where they were(tost hespiUbly entertained. To-night a dinner•rill be given to them At the Metropolian Hotel.•rise Emmet GuArd of New Haven, Conn., will visitthis city on the 31st inst., and will be received Andt: tertained by the Irish Fusileers. The Chicago party upon this issue is the accepted Northern fcoaavea will return to this city on Wednesdaylarly.companies have new ihe opportunity of setting came in contact. But they will never cheat over that.Cioroing, Accompanied by the Second company of the National GnArd they will pay a visit to West Point, sad It fat expected will give an exhibition grill infrontof Cossens* HotoLparty, against the Breckinridge democracy, the accepted Southern party.Thus between these two parties, the "irre- pressible conflict," suggested by Mr. Smith,correspondent, but demurs to Ihe conclusions, Republican Blues. on the ground that the charges were nothe last of them. Their days ore numbered, of New York are not likely to throw away their and their rotten remains wfll soon be consigned votes on a ticket that will berepudiatedby theto the tomb of all the Copulets, where eternal seventeen States which hare sure majorities for oblivion awaits them. The "evil that they have the democracy. Temmany Hall wfll tans hedone" will probably live after them But we left in the lurch. Like a sheep-killing dog. it cannot say that -the good wfll be interred with wfll be thrown overboard, with the Regencythat the Southern democratic or BreckinridgeSumner, will take the only wo^ to beat old Abe, and vote for Breckinridge, who may begle for the independence of the Colonies, and for a long time since, but unhappily has beenparty will sweep the Northern States, or that they can only be defeated by the co operation of theconservativesinPennsylvaniaandother central States with the Breckinridge parry.And wherefore is this Breckinridge monopoly of the Southern, and this republican occupation of the Northern States, so strongly foresha- dowed? It Is because the overshadowing idea in the North hi hostility to slavery, while the vital question in the South is the maintenance of slavery; and it is because the republicandered to a correspondent of this journal, and commented upon as excessive in its charges.Zouaves from a Northwestern city have been in-The de-a noble example in courtesy and brotherly love. Tiox.—In accordance with our usual rule to give We wait to see what action they will take, and a full hearing to all sides7 of every important whether in their opinion the Union which binds question, we print in another column a letter North and South. East and West, in one great from toe keeper of Congress Hall Hotel, Al- confederacy, is a reality or only o parchment bany, upon the subject of a bill recently ren- Union, no better than a rope of sand. Theagain, for they will never be trusted more. Theconservative democracy, which is now being THE EXP OF TAJQUKT HALL.—The democracy organized throughout the State, has cut outside of Tammany Hall {for Tammany Is in the loose from these "political gamblers,*' as Mr. hands of the Albany Regency) are now organiz- Dickinson has so well described them, and will ing in this city and throughout the State, and have nothing farther to do with them. The Re- will soon hove the whole conservative ele- gency will thus be left without a corporal'sTHE LANDLORD'SSIDK OF THE HOTEL Quns-the Ancient and Honorable Artillery Compa-Massachusetts have fallen off, such as Merrimac.ments of the Empire State with them.vited to the capital of Massachusetts. Surely guard, nobody will vote for their ticket and mocracy of oil the democratic States is already Mr. Mitchell admits the facts as stated by oar less cannot be done In the case of the Savannah they may as well shut up shop. This will be with the Breckinridge ticket and toe democratsPat alt t o weal teeth»o thai •••_TIM Mdeath writes their annals true will unfold a tale nscsilij; end in their deaths they wfll net bo .neithervoteforLincoln,Breckinridge,Bell,Doug-pidlyincxeasingmajorityinbothhousesofCon-tariffforrespectabletravellersduringthesum-Lincoln,bothofwhomarebackedbypowerfulofpoliticaliniquitywithoutaparallelInthisdivided. *>tUFurther particulars in regard to the remarkable really exists, and the only party which "blocksmeteor which made its appearance on Friday night last. with observations on ita great Telocity through gbeair,willbefoundinourcolumnsthismorning.the way" is the Bell-Everett party, which is powerless to prevent the success of the repub- lican anti-slavery party,'except as a Northernhead of a ragged and broken column; Mr. Bell was nominated by a convention of fossil whigstheir bones,'' for their whole career has been|he Presidential question. Mr. S. says that he can that the North, with on overwhelming and ra- winter, he is justified in keeping up the sameNo* s• I .• s e m iWr WlhiawtuaZ*Comments on the letter are given in our editorial folumnA.!The speeches of Senator Douglas on Banker Hil t)n the l«h, and At Albany on the 20th inst., are (tree smoag ear political mtelligenceto-day.Joseph (Mai, the veterea editor of the NationalJrtettiyencer, died in Waahington cm Saturday•ight. of pnralyria, Mr. Galea WAS in the seventy- practically a Northern candidate, aft. roundly lor its accommodations. To this wethey are still here» walking about under no or guardianship. What are the aboli- about, and the republicans-who -nullifythat the true policy of the conservative Union men of the North in this contest is the policy of co-operating with the South to defeat the re- publican party.clique which is headed by Weed, and which equally strong in the Sooth admits of no reasona- runs all the jobs through the Legislature. The ble doubt The other candidates are all per-doleful. Business to that line seamed to be totally suspended all the winter; the dockyards hod been converted into so many deserts, thehigher than those which he usually makes ; andfor the further reason, that he has received,during the session of the Legislature, more mo-ney for the hire of the parlor used by our cor- party organizations. Mr. Douglas stands at the responcfent than was paid by him. This is alltied to Its neck as a dead weight, to sink it tothe depths of perdition; and that will be the andbrokendownKnowNothingpoliticians;Sam relievesthedorkinfamyofthepicturewhich endofTammanyandtheRegency. Intheir We publish this morning A letter from Gerrit balance of power in co-operation with the South- the politicians w n o c e n t r e a t y, fl0tel ^ j 3 Houston's army is of the Falstaffian order, and their history presents. Whoever after their livfa? they were twin brothers in corruption endfc:i. th to Frederick Douglass, giving his views on ern pro-slavery party. Believing, too, as we do, so on through the list, up to Breckinridge andIns not Houston, sad denominstes temperance, gress, is perfectly safe against any aggressions mer season. Congress Hall is on old and very party organizations, and have a certain amount country, or probably in any other.freedom and the "irrepressible conflict" as his from the South, and that the South, depending reputable hotel. For many years it lias been of definite support That Lincoln will carry REACTION m THE 8n*r>oiu>a«a TOAD*:.—For platform. In concluaioo, Mr. Smith entertains bat entirely upon the justice and moderation of the the resort of the poUticions of all parties, and the bulk of the electoral vote North is beyond SLAVES IN NEW YORK.—Within the last few some time past toe oomplornto Of dulnest ta little hope for temperance orfreedomin our day. North, has good cause of alarm, we alto believe it is more especially the headquarters of the peradventure. That Breckinridge wfll be day! two slaves hove arrived in New York, and the shipbuilding trade have been frequent andvery well at first sight, but it does not follow that because Mr. Mitchell gets lobby prices fromone only of evil, and not a single bright spot•fth year cjf has age. la 180» he purchased the In t*riy powerless la his own behalf. enter no objection. The profeesienal politician THE CREUT EASTERN TO RETURN WITH ACAR*) with the Lemons, bat on a pleasure tour to the sels on the stocks. This, no doubt, is the result gsaywer rssahHahmcnt, andfrom that tame teal It is folly to talk of electing Mr. Bell. s almost invariably a colossal nuisance, and OFCoTTOX.-We understand that arrangement free States. We allude to the two musicians of the growing activity of commerce and tradeThewweOofhoe* KhBumWrnmDO.A.B,cThe contest is between Lincoln and Breckin- should be charged accordingly. We appear in arc on the tapis with the directors of the Great who came here with the military company from generally, and the cheering prospect of aa ridge-theonestandingastheaggressivecham- behalfofl»ogi^traT«iaaWpabaefjast now EasterntotakehertoNorfolk,To.,previousto Savannahduringthelastweek. Oneattempt abundantharvest,whichinstilsnewlifeintopion of the all-powerful North, the other as the crowding all the steamboats and hotels la the her return to Knglond, and there load her withhand, and we demand that they shall be well thirty thousand bales of cotton for the British fed. comfortably lodged, ami reasonably market. It is not stated where this cotton is to charged. Many of the provincial landlords come from. The freight on cotton being a farth-by the abolitionists to kidnap them;every branch of business. The shipbuilding and shipping trade of New York are pretty fair indices, as a general rale, of toe condition of commerce throughout the whole country. They rise and fell, like mercury in toe theraoeaoeler. ao the country is prosperous or the contraryWUliaaaafceurg City 1atteUlgeowe. OoomwamniaACnwsaw.-AchildIveyearaeM,th*•»defeasive champion of the South, nothing within the Union, without the help of the.ran for their lives, as if something to happen them, and never stop- they were under toe protection of their who gave them free permission to Smith maybeagood philosopher, but he is a open the liberality oT New Yorkers and South- cent, this cargo would amount to little more leave if they desired it. But these young menrepr«saibtoe4Am1ot"feoa. Mr. Gerrit impose upon the good nature and presume ing, British money, per pound, or about half apolitician. Having an abundance of this etneit, and charge them more than Oe regular goods, he has never been able tothan sixty thousand doBars freight money.This is no doubt a movement on the port ofthe votaries of direct Southern trade with Eu-could not be induced to accept the offer. They prefer the kind of slavery to which they are subject rather than such freedom as the aboli-* Mia ->C°"yd->0^'l. ^ ^ ^ » TM « ^ b ^ t o W t a a i rope,that the Southis always threateningtoEO.^i'JtS'SL^PERSONAL VS. PAKTT NOMINATIONS FOR TOE PRESIDENCY.—Of the candidates in the field lor the next Presidency, only two represent livingsonal representatives of cliques, and hove noand spend it liberally in entertaining the strength beyond the support of their imme- the Fugitive Stove low, that they do not induce sound of the hammer was heard there BOmore.lobby chiefs always hove plenty of money,country members. The bills are not too diate friends. Choose, then, between Breckin- these men to assert their right to freedom, espe- Bat there appears to be a saddea reaction, forIt is folly to talk of Mr. Douglas. He is strictly audited, and the lobby has to pay ridge and Lincoln.cially os they have been brought here by theirmasters, not merely in transitu, as was the case now, we believe, some eight or ten targe vespwejpuwm. —••• ••' '"^«w—SF^"i i . l y i i i ; ^ -JI^IIJI , i y • i u •• ! WWindividual enterprise, which may succeed orfoil from causes within itself, while the employ-ment of vessels of twenty-five thousand tons rents s bead. Itemploy her profitably now between Liverpooljand; New York than it would have been for rowdies who beset the Ambassadors' carriagesthem ten years ago to employ the Pernio, or thelie in the fact that their ship is so much too bassy. That is our point, and the Phrtodaiphm| This truth is practically demonstrated in the niljr achievement of the HERALD establishment.d a doubt Yet we print and distribute a turns are reported in the dUaunt cities tad .towns throughout the country, it would nppear as if the increase of population wfll not be so great as was calculated upon. However, until the work is completed, it wfll be impossible to moke any safe estimate of the resalt, for the returns show so many unexpected variationspaper company would bankrupt the concern,failure as o business enterprise, merely becausedemocrats, broke up the party in 1648 bysplitting it into two factions and giving the Pelham, Hudson and others. la New Yorkandin New York, ni ot in Phi adverttosi to beY otkroted 830,000 to entertain tain Aldercn«e and Oouncilnaen ithe shipyards are all alive, again and there are soaaAretnndit.• ^Untitled Document^ » w « at Itnm a«t tlm trovelltogThomas M. Tryniski 309 South 4th Street Fulton New York 13069the entering wedge, oad it mast be admitted that they have selected a pretty big wedge on thbc<oaaton.carried on for so many years At the North, andnow carried into the Presidential election by aWsaaaasBBanMBai ««•**•jeaterdav. It was supposed that »*•«*« ^ £ 2 ^"•y,"*' *eAVers had been seat as ^•f^T^fJirotate*ef it. •9 » Q t e tor a learnm in I hotel *eef^tonaytaiaglteraaioa,hitei •ofls and power TMs b I their bills in some widely circulatedJtionists would give them What a rffliwaal inaugurate, of which the Great Eastern is to be this upon toe humbug anti slavery agitationof Mr. M a Esar, midiag at No. IS I drownta the early part of last week byinto a cistern, aad the hodywww.fultonhistory.comThe body ass foaari ioaMK ta the wstera 