 .doctrines hi the Sonthem ^States.TTHlW'-WBk', THUBSDAT, JAN6, I860.to brfaif aboafcI*!»»»mr:Money Market continuing close until late in the day, and llie Governor's Message adding to theWein the Executive department of the City Gov- dressed to Mxcbi, (he famous English farmer, tngton, does not regard the Union meethiga •»XM- !(••«*<« WHlJWilM tnnr---'-'«-*——ii gly for a increase of correspondingeflSciency.enterpriset|h'T«ik CttT. ^BQlrnT r»m "741 Hilch Cows, 182.Swine. tyrannyof the mostaged and cruelupon assigned,cannot removeThat he public officers xeilhout cause,fiunine,emigration en masse,di-prevailedafter the Brown invasion.legiti- both countries, and that it is (•w**"'*^ |grTwB.TiD<nuM: depression of New-York Central, which left off not the bastard offspring of fillibusterism—thatpersonal character,infinitely the superior»irbdoi*«tooiie»Mt«».i»ryiTil>»ii4M.mate interests ofa remarkable letterfrom LiKBie, the^at Oetman chemist, ad- Pristoii Kiko, one of our Senators at Waah-(MM •»nsTDCCarOK CAUrOB>IA4i fAHAdM thesovereigntyiiwi !vessels of all classes inAt the L{ve Stock Markets the receipts of liveanimals of all Itinds destined for slaughter, for theturn Braalac. ^AtliA oca THXATBC-HsraASS to 0»u-Taiport.—— TmnUK OaBDBN—Ta> OcTOBOOir.every guiltyhead of whoany department maybe 8ti*o*v if it continues to l>e consumed at its ments oC the whole Stated" from tke JudgingBAfVTJC4V*Ir^TH^ KXBnE>8 TBEATRE-OUU BsuiS.wm notmore than twenty-~ >'' OAuraBiciA.Beeves, 3,960Veals,Sheep, 9,7S4At yesterday's generaldegradingtliis be folly understood, andlargely.iw>.j»i....lay 73®73i %>> cent.The sales of Cotton were limited to 703it contemplates no sale of territory, no en-•o"**n'-iaaU itr liacl* eopla*. Bides, Leather, Fiih, Molasses, Tallow and Can-croachmenternmentandMayorWoodmustnotexpecttoupon that' most of all sublunary ccnUyjeld in various momenlpas^upon tayutonofncrirlUUitHBtr.r>tM,lBwnH«i.S inGrain,ProvisionK,NavalStores,Oils,Ustals, solelythepacificationofthecountryandthead-7,650 :jrtnfBOirxBT TREatbk—Duk, thx Nnmor— weekly market, notwithstanding the under averageLet allan armed force from the United States willint 8xoox]>—Tsa Four Tbhtzs.erals In full power and maintain them there. When th'e-Qonstitutiional Government obtains entire control utiSlexico, the first Christian Gov-consider a grievance;publicunionistB,whole Morfli-y-irimfHi^fnoamo ixbtitote, bbookltm-dbat- season, wiien poultry was largely consumed.' SXSOK OUTXUA. Some 200 to 300 head of cattle were unsold laat TtN^ ^'i^ Onptifl—pend its judgment upon that point, until it isbetter informed as to the spirit and temper inwhich be may use the powers already in hisheld were those mlThese conclusions, thus mossed together, are friends. This of Itself has been a servioe oiTto akow how nniversaliy and indiscriminately ral Treasury—still more, by oor arms—and they areKbtthem i>eop1e are proscribed in the Slave Slates. irretrievably ruined. We may bear them in triumph^0 also objected to tne Executive programme upon to the City of Mexico behind our artillery, in thebut even that at last ceased to produce the required effectOoasUtntioDal groands. After a brief Executive BaariOD the Senate adjourned..After an exchange of repartees betwean Mr.WASHBUBX gf Illinois, and Messrs. Barksdalxand HooBTOH, as to the responsibility forbat their ruin, with that of their cause. Is nevertheless certain from the hour that our flag waves over a Mexican field in their support. Theirs will thenceforih be the party of theoreigner and the heretic ;portance.supervision confided to the Mayor—bntaccord-thattime. Tbe of ofthe testtmony o^ Clergy'sWith some further baaueasthe Assembly adjourned.onlyis 1,848,176. No business of these Departments ? In speakingit was first thought of, through nearly ail the changes of party and administration to the present time, when Gov. Mokoah calls upon theStafe Company.unimportantthe Churchwares, merchandise, specie or bullion can of the Street Inspector the Mayor say's :Governments la tarltt, aad keeping np highB»e of Massachusetts convened Lea^latureyes- teidar. The Senate reelected Dr. Phelps as its" Tbe Mayor,ing, putiese"ilty jurisdiction, iheycurateof thehaveent on itspowerof feeding itself.to hisas our correi^ndent says, thatto with the wholesale manner ia comparewhich the business is carried on by Brit-were arrested witlim itsunderstandingsubject,theyaccordingbales, at oidform price.'. Flour was moderately active, yet somewhat unsettled. The transactionstlie of the Mexican nationorparts ofthis Statemission of the JCMMH*•k*aMnMed!•Ik*-Xaw-TMCTnai. wereinquiredfor. Otherbranchesoftradepre- totheworidgenerally,andtheUnitedStatesinpleahe desires simply to pro-«Huae«Mb ianrUblr ia ><VUM. dles were restricted. Sugars, Rica and Coffeeindustrycall upon the United States to enforce this re-sult—this treaty win he hailed with the joy bynasses of Mexico, andpower,globe,rapidlyweek ending yesterday,present rate, fiveorthirtyyearsKttheutmost Hethat come' from the South, thaoa3,682;Teal Cfalves, 326the lasthavedoneathe alarm and exciteiasatSwine, 10,709IHEATRE—Tiro of IHI Bon—Hiv-TiAK's age weekly receipts for all of last year werealreadybyarmy,Mexicanafter all, smuggling has nothing to do vrlth the fate ef Mr. Chasx. AN AMERICAN.country, except ' m effected, both bodies united with the Gov- enunent, save such as may l>e smuggled inpoteer,to contribute another two millions toMxzice, Monday, Dec 19, 1SS9.Tbe oiily correction we find to make in the ar-Pteaident, aiul in the House Mr. JoHir A. Goon- a, of l40well, was chosen Speaker, The organi-by permissionand the streets remainthe responsibility at his door.appoint and remove the subordinates upon whom it is incumbent to perform these duties, he should it re- Utved/rom any ctnntre tekich attaches to ths neglect. It Is well for the public and myself to have an under- standing upon the subject at the cemmencement ofpeoplecomplete the woricengineeringemsciencetoovercome,ifthefarmerswere ticlereferredtobyourcorrespondentis,thatOa-'t in the immemorial nsage of listening to an Election Sermon at the South Church, Dr. Ahdeb- tnr being the orator.or out under the guns of British men-of-war. The Church Party li#ve twenty States to con-—quer the Lilierala bui a small district, ofThe Comptroller states that when the en-MOBD ChaSS was not an American Consul. The main facts upon which our article was based wereIbe vKaaage of the Governor ofTheare byto the Harper's Perry difficulty, and saysthat it is to to believe gratiQrinc PennsylvaniansWhenwe sum up the operations of the Ln>erals my administration."ness,was a friend to poor Chase, and who deplored hisand to know that when some of tUewith a aucceaaion of successes, inatead of re-enlargement expendituresWhen that once leaves it its greatness is no longerPennsylvaniaof this no means the least interestingquestion;;;Beef Cattle, Sheep and Lambs, 9,608 ; alsoofMilchCows62. Theaver- :last; by moneytion with Detroit and Portland as rivals on the North, for our own domestic carrying and pas-senger trade, we apprehend that all attempts at discrimination against our New-Tork roads in favor of the Canals, would result in driving business from both and lessening the com- merce of our great seaboard metropolis.Let us see, however, to what extent the Ca- nalsoughttoberegardedasaburden, demanding the levy of an onerous con- tribution upon the railway trade of the State. While they have unquestionably seen their liest days, they have not failed to vindicate thedeprive it. The ordinary farm-yard manure washearms,fighting for the Lib-midst of our squares of infantry;these are;ingown generals, Gen. Cabxita, wiU also prove this fact;oflong desperatelygood deal to- in tbe Soothera 'States iiamrTheyhAWitself to maintain a Qovemment founded on tMlaxm SAXnXH—Tut Aiovmb k Co.1 ICnrunzt, last week's figures, owing to the large supply of liberal principles, and insure peace and pros-him using them to punish poUUcal opponentsaWBiBAL0OK-q»Mai Ommn% ManoMiM.AUMMT or SKSION-Boanm k MMmt^ Piim- °IM "'VWBraa or WiniKana arik en Was."OlAn' aU^KBT-NoTtM BnadWftr-FAian'lniksKditorefthsifnm-Ymtnmm:will be thankful that the Charter has yond doubt For many years before the repeal reading In your semi- weekly lane of tke ad of He-,faMih**',nairamOAmrB."•bbChasx:" At Tepie, Mr. Oaaoini Chasx, ths Amsrieaa Hnersl(arfeitedtheprotectionofhisGaveruBeat anduioaslt ;he was l>srl>aroasly slain in cold blood, and mat a tass which his n^ble sprnpathy with a good esa«e had -lU 4»- setved, yet it cannot be said that the United State* -••aa wronced in ids person."lag, S easts a copy. •• e«il7 as possible.alone, now remarks upon the treaty as follows" On the very face of tfae transactton It appears the advancement of the cause Freedom,.have made a treaty with a party merely,may finally conquer. Landing our forces under such a state of facts, we shall at once be Involved ianoble, worthy and giUaot Aiaac- iran, whose life was worthy of all praise, sad whate notorious that the same bi^ntal butchery must reflect 'oarKE'WSOiTof theall the financial results of our Canal system, purchased with British manufactures.Agents will send in their orders:ES'43oT. FowUL, of Kentucky. Then cameup the quarrel between the two great facUoas, and can a most ardent support, as possessing vitalitynow showing itself in the difference last year between the $960,000 the lands which have t>een longest underTHE DAY.ofas much as any act of tbe present age. The world-wide belief that Mexico was ever chris- tianized, has done an Immense deal of mischief, and the fact that tbe Mexican Church receiveshowever, show that after the Eastern steppes and Western prairies,wllUngly correct the errors whleh do great ligasMaa-n« bm to abolish the franking privilege was in- trtidnced isto t&e Senate of the United States byfrom 1817 to theaccount, we have little reason to complain of exhaustion is^JB tke HoBinas Land F g ud« a memorial in ref-enaaa to which Mr. Tooxss desired to have re- only oulntain our position by active warlike opera-and strength for good purposes, firom journals supported by communities living under thetard Id the CommiLtee on Pablic Lands. This Uons." ^surplus revenue firom this source and the cultivation here, and com is ceasing to be a made him a worthy daaoendaat of our and laws as di- $1,460,000 interest charge upon the Canal profitable product through all the Eastern He sought by means of honest tndostry thelefciimi having been otijected to, it was finallyThe Tribune of Monday thus commentsof practical operation religionaim of man—a He never was competence.to a Select Committee of five. Ur. "ttnfyLt,the newly-chosenSenatorfromTexas,Debtasitthenstood. ThattheCanalshaveand and New;-Tork,cdMpiedupon the treaty:is an evidence a well-settled idea becomes,States.Virginia,In New-England,"Mtib. The word " servile," applied to the Free us is armed intervention In the domestic broil whichrectlyoppositefailed to meet the whole interest and chargetheacre isdiminish-goes on,TyM^|irHn"H bybis and took the colleague,Is it not further clear that what is really asked ofyieldperprocessrapidly of exhaustionhave arrived less freely, but remain at about dressed carcasses now brought in.The Mexican Treatr* TheMexicanTreatyis, naturallyenough,exciting general attention throughout the coun-Hogswithin our ownlotowledge,try.As the important reanlts which hang uponwas to death by the ClnttA patto loom up in the distance, those who have treated the subject lightly, or discussed it at random, are beginning to view It with a de- gree .of attention better adapted to its real character. The Bostonwhich, some months ago, when accounts horrible murders or assassinations came to us from Mexico, demanded that the United Statesthat, instead of a treaty with the Mexican people, weFarty noMr "••v-^ and Mr. ALuop, ibe Biltlsh Saasnl, ronsltiv ImillsJ br the vletoriaos L IberaU In their tnnu^Isn rnn^w* plaincasesofooRasesapoafbreignets. BatviMSaf* Ihetsctsf Mr. CSass. aa ardent BepsMieaa, In Ms own act asd acalost tbs reaonstraaoes o( his Crlea*^ lookup arms to fgU for ths Li*eraU. Ia deiassefeeitbeginliving part As soon as the duties were re- moved, the farmers were tmable to produce it at the natural msrket price, and had to give'IhBTnas rom CAuroBHiA, designed for clrcu-Utla« in 8|Miiidi Ansrica. CaltfoniU, Oregon, Wuh-ItgteB, KitUah Columbia and tlie Saudwleli Ulandi,lliatunliig a complete Digeit of Amorican BtbiUs inKizq^ doling tfae past fortnigbt, will be issued Tais(nModayJ Heaania, In ample time for the steam-aUp Airtt<rK lAgkt, which sails for Asplnwatl at 1P. M. Tke Mail closes at the Post-oiBce at 1 o'clock.Friee of the paper, is a stout wrapper, readj for mail- should interfere for the sake of Christianity of a nation from the bonds of despotism, andThe chief interest in the Statethe masses.and thatty tfae weakest, in the hope that with this assistancefiguresBeport,to the character of aitpresent day,are takeit intoItis, however,d|feredit npa^ national name so long as it goes ttnredfesaad.In the first place, then, Mr. Chass was aot Aassil- canCcosul. HisInd^Mrndeataoolaadstn^amierroneous,fiOed mei^l positions at „the North, the which ill. McLass has made hli treaty, has enootm- Boston Courier, the parior organ of Bos-though flagrantlyeHcitod an explanation from that gentleman, the which is manifestly, and will thus become con- it is to eradicats it The anomalous position ponert of which' was that as wtiites fessedly, the weaker faction ! Tlie Juarez party, with assumed by those journals which, like theniKM by Ht. Uasoh, on a previous occasion,now dlstracb Mexico—intervention on the side of thatT'<^»* was not inapplicable to Northern tered an almost unbroken succession of defeats for aamounting almost to revolution, in the being everywhere the same—business of internal transportatioa from traction from the soil of the elements ofAt length Ut.HablAN, of Iowa, who wasyear past,and dare not now raise Its head within athese was the British Consul, In whoas boose ha waa at actually living at the time of his seizure by the blood-up flgU the it were desirable, and no discriminating tax land with which we have so far been blessed, Liijerals." He wore arms by legal pennlaslaa, asBodetjr-«-*'*'«^ to the floor, obtained it.pro-He entered intoauMrtanded diacossion of that portion of thePresi- dent's assertion, we believe It Is not now sustained by only he accounted for by the fact that theMcLanecause of Freedom has in reality made but litUea hard battle ereit canmaintaincut, aobseqnently obtained a hearing for an attack Now we object to Mr. Bccbakas's prcqmsal, withOD Vtn President's recommendations touching all other forms of Intervention, that it in effect judiceMexico. He desired to iuiow with what pro- Sives up the contest. Under the appearance ol sus-pdaty we could make war on a foreign taining the Liberal or Civilian cause in Mexico, itpoirar for the protection of American citi- practically annihilates that cause. To-day, Jdasxszen*, when American citizens are more severely and bis remaining backers suffer in the public opinionUeafaMlos our own soil than anywhere abroad. He of Mexico as the Americanized or AnU-NatlonalpiocMded to read extracts from newspapers party let thsm be backed from our Fede- be held responsible for defects or malfeas-ances in the City Qovemment, ovc^^ks or misrepresents one point of considerable im-He states that there is no generalof the Presi- and dMfa, Ifessage which ailndes to tKe question of a third of the Mexican people. Its recognition by ouithecanBtintij in the Territories, insisting that the- ordi-nance of 1787 was a binding compact, which noJQifieialdecisioncouldabrogate. Awarmdebateeoaoed, in which Messrs. Puoh, Tsuubcll and • . • . Hakiux participated. Mr. Fostkb, of Connecti- powerfiil than now.hundred miles of thecapital.InspiteopposeTreaty,the lakes to the seaboard, which no—Government was an afterthought our Minister (Mr.attempt hounds of MAaqcxa.reasonable legislation could check, even if their restoration. Owing to the abundance of It is not trae that be " took arms to Ibrthe Bon-election of a Speaker, Mr. Biaoam,of Texas, spoke at length aud vehemently he Mexican multitude, the cause of irrellgion and not thus defined. This is dilTused and uncertain. ItuaiDsttheunconstitutionalaimsofBepublicaniam. nationalsubjugaUon." isdisseminatedamongseveralindependentdepart- Aa course of discussion brought to nis feet Mr. The above extr^ts are given because they ments. There Is no general head ; there ia no ChiefDavis, of Massachusetts, who, to an explanation Executive. Instead of one, there are eight coordi- oC .Uie drift of the Massachusetts Personal Liberty embody the principal points of opposition to nate EzecuHves, separate and Independent of each bUl, added a sarcasm directed at Hon. Cai.8B Cush- the proposed treaty which have been brought other, t/u Mayor having no supervisory conTrot. Theseor the people of the civilized worid will soon an American. That be was a better than ordiaaiyfindthemselvesfacetofacewithadeficiency specimenofourpresentdegeneratestockwasUsbread—a crisis if it did not cause only crime, for "crime" it has become to be anAmei^ which, lean in Mexleo, If our directors of public opiakw at absolute famine, would certainly entail a de- home can apologize for butcheries like this. With re- scent to a much lower standard of living, and gard to Mr. Chasx ann his fate, I teU you oaly what C know, and what is substantiated l>y tsstimoay of aa*n^ ' Mr. Cox, of Ohio, participated in the debate,qMttncBouhera newspapers to show that priort*9itABbowk'sforay,the Southern AmerlcaiulM|id.tVBD willing to support a Bepublican candl- ia treating with the Juarez OoTemmeot, we This is an entire mistake. The 'Charter" " headsof alltheiafk 4xr the Speakership. The charge evoked an- treat with the weaker party," a party not makes the nearly DepartmentsHij de^als/rom several of the Tennessee delega- sustained by a third of the people," &c., that directly responsible to the Mayor. Theforward.The statements of aur contemporaries that,the whole administrative mu- nicipal government of the corporation."moralTlie formula on which all this gloomy fore-tiao^ aid fiom Mr. Bodliskt, of Louisiana.A vote for Speaker ensned. Of the 207 ballots,Kr. 8 naoLAJi obtained 101, thus lacking 3 of a made a treaty, has encountered an almost im- it is true, elected by the people, and areand inpointofgratitudeadmiration,which are withdrawn"the Juarez party with wliicb Mr. McLank has ComptrollerandCorporationCounselare,Mr. Gilmxb, U atem of iadustry to which it is pledged to applyhour, long <j|)i)iliS|i't««llow Senator Masxicbi to present a jifMsn fiv a law ob]igiiig everybody to vote and;dividends in Savings Banks, and exempting theproperty of every fireman, to the amount of 1500, Pueblaand Qneretero, acknowledges the Con- and Board for cause. Any malfeasance or neg-&omtaxation.TheHouseofAssemblyenter- stitutionalOovenunentofJuabxz,andall lectofdutyonthepartofeitherofthoseofficers,tained notices of a score of projils de loit, of are governed by it The population of the States entitles the Mayor instantly to aupersede them. which the more striking provided for a pro rataVrailjit WH, for a Tersonal Liberty bill, for the under the Constitutional Government is 6,434,- What more does Mayor Wooo desire f WhatBaOef of Gas Consumers, and for the repeal of the 912. The population of the three States or greater power is necessary tf enable him to act incarporating the New-York 'Consolidated central district, held in subjection enforce proper vigilance and energy in thesense,ple are the traeone desires to harm them ; no political or rail-theyare used,partiallysuffice for this purposeallusions to ths contrabandnumberedto it asofmalfeasance, in the business of his office, and;L-US-tK-A-LAHr. receipts of Beeves, there was a decline of ^. ^UnUM—Aftenwon—AuBsni. Ktm- &)., estimated dressed weight, owing to the large never lie needed in Mexico to place the Lib-thatorminishes the population of the older coimtries,amount oCdressed meats now condng in, and tothe small demand tor Beef during the psst holidaypursued, in actual want of bread, and the Malthusian theory will thus receive an early and certainly unlooked-for exemplification.possession. If they see him them so startling that, even when they come from some importance, and' we are confideot OkCRilte Or'strMKRa riKALK INSnTUTS- evening. Milch Cows were in small supply, but ernment that country ever had will have been Wausb*! uuia. sufficient for the demand, with little improvement inaugurated. industry, enterpriseupon the recent low prices. Veals were in Emigration,CBA1HAM AHFBRHK^BB—E«cxsTBU!( Fuinui- moderate supply, but no advance in prices was and capital will flow in firom foreign countrieswith a BilUnOK'SOieXBA BALL-Koouo KArm Knu- demand, sod the yards nearly cleared out. Liveculty in accepting them.cur-realized. - Sheepwere a shadehigher,veryHr. McCLisnAXo, 33 ;ihe Lagialature has not yet embarked upon that are foimded in an entire misconception of the the Croton Aqueduct Botu-d, the Street Com-missioner, the City Inspector, and the four;yourtruthful to a greattrade, atthoofhnuyoHt?not accountable to the Executive but broken succession ofreverses for a year past,'' ;";Ur. TAIAAaDlSHAX, 12 ; tbe remainder scattering.Senate sat but a halffacts and the relative condition and position of the two parties at the present time.of Bureauxunder;a defi-one is its final banen- hundred, giyes resnlt,totalare notQoiM; so it does on the Texas and Arlxona (rantlecx ; so it does on the whole Ooif Coast of Mexico. Aad,him, State ili theMexican Republic, (twenty- are all appointed by the Mayor and Aldermen, to reeeivn notice of pilla relative to unclaimed three in number,) except the States ofMexico, and may at any time be removed by the MayorlUittt^'',9)wSuperintendentsness.supplyGuano would the if the supply need,Inthenameofcommonsense,whyEverywere inexliaustible. As it is notso,enter or from the departshould not beverses. Theyweredisastrouslydefeatedbe-laida II central f ^>8ition, with three millions of fore the City of Mexico in April laat, but, on impression in regard to the matter which is hotweresurrendered. Headds " ;anyatallyettheMayor'swordsconvey anCanal powerexclusiveofthe$2,500,000justvoted, longasherbreadwaatheproductofItalian canborders,there,isnothinginanyquarterpromptlyPennsyf-1852, added,originalan inter- (arms. When she began to draw her suppliesfteeaam,enableshertosaywithemphasistothe theotherhand,theyhavemadethemselves correct. InthesameparagraphtheMayorand pMteraof treason V)n either hand, that neither masters of entire "new,rihaB lie permitted to succeed—that it shall not be tbe Pacific coast by hard says: The City Inspector and the Superintend-standest charge in 1859 of $1,464,271, of whichin tlie power of either to disturb the perpetuity of a TMon cemented and sanctified by tbe blood of ou patriotic fathers. At every sacrifice the con- atifilonal rights of the and the Statesents imder him arethe same manner as the Street Commissioner;"and in "and Africa, she was already on thefighting ;hack Iheir enemies from the Gulfdriven the Church faction witlrin narrower limits than ever, gained the acknowledgment of the^^ Cincinnati Platform, without "note or com- which the Tribune sustains aa the strongest, 111801,* and declare against a Congressional slave- never, was so weak as it is now. Itappointedand removed infromdownward path, and she involved her granaries—no^congratulates the Legislature that the Staterevenues for the— maycent, of the commerce of Mazatlan,less than $20,000,000 per annum, may be calleilaliall be maintainedpeopleequal justice done to all—.which Isnotcode lot file Territories.The Bepoblieana of Bhode Island held theirsibility.powertheir^cago Convemte. By a majority of six, Hon. States, but they will soon bethe or tion for tbe slaves Canal,and thenon-slaveholdingTBOXAB Davis waa chosen Hb&d theaobligedpromptly any effort heLegislature to determine.People,under all the the appeal still morepreside, adopted ezpteaeingat insurrection. By way of makingwere^voted^achment Union, condemningBritain,and Blackxeont*l^^^tioiustrongest terms the doctrine thatprincipal Eeviews of Great" in the same stylerepresentsbeen one of the thinkers and leaders oftbs country should refusetion of a President ,camp,Citysystem,popular These works have become necessityto the andineffectedtheir own exhaustion.ticesontheof throwlessforoible,and at theany portionW to snbmit to the elec-Andthehe canpart very easilyCity uponthemthanHeraldwhich have madethem soXke CtJuaoba, from Havana on the 30th ult.,and deepUntitled Documentand theTitaajive,13true,Generals,Mikahos,restoring the rates of toll onby levying contributions upon the Railways, whitesDailj/These,competitionwithstood a siege at Vera Cruz, beattogether$24,307,000,involvingofficer, he saysand Uieae States be united forever." The Gover- American Government, framed a treaty with his appointment, in the first instance, from thf. Mayor—The lUinoiB Democratic State Convention yes- or Liberal Party of Mexico never was so the Board of Aldermen."debt ia decreasing at the rate of a million yearly leaaiting mainly from tbe sale of the Canals.sooner removed which removal for cause,.contraband.tariaystrong as at Uie present moment On theHis own admissions thus completely contra- power, and should therefore be without respon-of the State Government and declaration,its charities. Whether this sum is to take its his master, and that it may duty they regard imposed byits and are about to be ac- representative,The doctrine that the Britishto one-fifth Ution organ prepared for circulation in the or any other foreigner, should be sustained in tliis:theycormpUonand that whenJuAxiiwasfarstrongerandhiscausemore mainstobefoDghtFoasTTS) recognised the rival authority as legitimateprogress;manyyetupon the rival rentes of trade within tfae State,every person in MexicoAdvertiser,Finances.version in 1846 of a large share of the aimualwayof Russia and thecoast,havewas bornethe Canal,netpar-oUpe Vm-t^9imm0fli»^h&jkmm^AM^a«>inst the liberals and the United 8t«(e«. W«xw upon (fate pofait BntlkMe aatet aot orer- beUerafhtt, ia spite of afl lU boasts, we re- U hJu been 9itte ntooeMfol In Ite^igiiPiPb-brings MIMrMHeee from that pottkarth* commtinicated with the Uidted States of 340 years of Mgotry, superstition,- cruelty, just rqpponsil iUty to the pablic which .Kttaches steaaetCrutader,boundonacruise. Allhandsgennalljr sofpeoded, to make way far tlie obsevr- ance of thelibildays, which were celebrated withBnt an thethe nanal giuto. In leaving the harbor, the Ca- aU the power of that Church, the concentration tbe action of the Legislature, or ofjBTadfaigthepeacefulsented no really new feature. There were 4M particular—and that it remains for Mexico torequires the knowledged by Bngland. ^e Coiutitutional Sanction of a majority of all ths members elected to; $650,000 a sumscarcely equalselecud delegates to the Cliarleston Con-ventiOD, instructing them to sustain Mr. Docgiasfor the Presidency. The resolutions reaffirm the other hand, the Church Party, or faction, dict his assertion that the Mayor is withoutthepresentto fall that Board to secondthe most de- back within their former limits, having really may make to remedy evils or punish mal-prac-To thethe sum of deficiency, whether temporaiy or attemptRXPSIHTS or FOBEIOM Reviiws.ing thattreatyportancecaujie the dnily press has made snch rapid stiMeefai which advance, and covers so much more of thejTCnmdas followsmons of Johnston, Hon. W. B. Durfce of Tiver-ton, Bensdict Lapham of Warwick, Henry Staples jugation. This view of the matter is alto-of Barrington ,from the Wettem Dittrut—Amon KPther superficial. The McLane treaty has office. H. Green of warren. Kowland G. Hazzard ofPeaoedale \fTom the Eastern District—Beiij. F.If-nfr of novldcnce and li. J. Hazzacd, Jr., ofVewpwt.:cause of and national sub- is in his bands, cannot relieve him fromnotiiing exceptit is in the heart of its ownofficers ?If so, the re-permanent is farpast achievementsimportant of our Canalsprice hitherto.tonature.bis words:ingNo, Hr. Editor, your information OaiioM)Chasxisincorrect. Bewasmurdered—bm- taliy, fiendishly assassinated—solely because he washope andmeetings allayingwhichdiately"their cause. In the eyes of enact an ordinance, tbe administrative authority isregarding poorragecorses,batdcedbystate thecase, either for (be stfre of affecttngregnhriybyteUgraph(r^afTasUngton flamingtheSostk,udbnnylngmattitebr-and aU thect TemD< h more fiill and comiplete reports of the wsM towank 4kat bloody eriste wU* Utttcontressiooal proceedkgs than the Herald. fai ita doing emrjtUafwere reported weU. lust and araiice, wUl avaU nothing. Mexicaos to his office. He has the same powet? that We gave, yesterday, aHr. O'CoaoB's Union speech at the Academy of of capital, position and influence, with all for- were wielded by Mayor TiniAinr, who, eif^ speech of Mr. Eholibb on tbe Slavery question, at as dreamea atk theorists,—bat flieyTBM NSW-TOKK TIBUUk. Mu. Time* BalUlac. «rontJji« tbe CityMkisnrMk. aaUeA Six Doiuia a rwr.^Am Siir!^OBK TIM!8 (8«art-ir«Bkly)-Tm«i Bm- 40' cent, on the Kentucky shares yesterday, the lliat the negotiation is founded on thewith ^^'^^ them, has rendered essential service lo whOethe Herald htA only the most meagre an immense amoaot of practical ilhre«bMthe cause ofMayor Wood has giveri the worid very distinctly gocd do^'Musicvras danooncedstameetingof eigners thevigorouslycolored dtizens in Brooklyn, B. D., last evening. Hr. W. A. HoDOES presided, and Mr. W. J. Hooass made the principal speech.Gachnpins, wiU trim theirsails to meet the new order of And things.when this treaty is promulgated throughout The Stock Harket had an additional faU of 1( the Republic of Mexico, and it becomes knownto understand that in energy, vigor, and force of—bnt some others are better.Deaitk orF«*4—A Startlins Tiew.~as the organ for oircalatiog their iaoeadiaVexcept—escape the wliich these responsibilitytionsinvolve,bythegroiudlessexpecta-themes, the prt>duction of com. He shows being quite so usele^tod dam- contempUUeperity to the country. It is from this sourceschemes of his personal or political adherents,that the Constitutional Qovemmentto ac- quainte<d with the Mexican people and the his- toryoftheircountrycaimotfailtocomprehendthat it is by such means tbe regeneration of Mexico' is to be effected.derive.its principalsupport,andanyoneof his As yet Mayor Wood must remember,England supplyonlyBut the McLane Treaty, so entirely calcidated to solve the vexatious and dangerous Mexicanproblem, meets with oppositionof where opposition should be least expected.from the constitutional di-before theUnited States, and t>etake themselves to cattle-The Tribune, that clamors so for the loudlyraisingandgreen crops.With thesetheylargest liberty, comes out in opposition to a measure having for its end the disenthrallmentsurplusI say this passage in your article has eaaSad ae'as the ofhowpowerftilantipodes,clan, aad It is his libelingmemorytoton Democracy, sustain the Mexican Churchthe continued ex-re- itself, even on this Continent, against ignorance, pre-and partisan interests combined.trade were within the control, in any sense, of the State of New-York alone. But as Penn-rising into Importance by their direct connec- of the vitality of which his crops each year happy country. The best proof I can give you tintThe One Man Power.Mayor Wood, in his eagerness to impressand are formidable rivals on Marylandbanditti. Put his arms were never usad upon any one, and It is a very great injustloe to his memory to accuse him of doing that wliich his good sense wouldthe with the belief that he cannot publicjustlysome pains to restore to the soil some portion of—of taking any part in tfae civil strifes of tUs oa-While tbe Common Council, with the Mayor, candepartmenls.consUtotecorrespondingdegradation.vithnaof the Constitutional Oov- held accoontable by the public. If nuisanceslaboundtemgfbat the ctttEeoe of the Commonwealth did not inany manner participate in that unlawful proceed- ^during'thep«at year, they appear to have met " The public and myself "'ah'Sldd have an oc-which the City of Mexico is the centre.andof a nation are now,— :filthy,it willUntil he has power tointegrity that its purposes are;willa people who have struggledany misconductoforTetfoaaeapredictsunless war, or pestilence, or wardsto overthrow ancallthe Board ofto concur in his action.aeeordingly,to thatthe oflicrrs of the Croton Board, he derivesin the same ruin as she suffered herself.regard L^e:the Canal revenues to be no better in 1860 than last year, the deficiency, with the addition of $150,000 on the recent loan, will be aboutit be said there is no smuggling, wiiile 90 perand Aldermen, but with a tenure of two years, mnlessTub Inckcdiart Obgan for thi Souin. The Herald, which is the Underground Abo-He hasconduct to remove the offender fromcure his liberty.;legitimateinMax-State ticket, and the eleetionpf Delegates to the ed to certain points in the Liberal Aldermen. Does he doubt the disposition of will be for the wisdom of the present South,every case of mis- office, and Conventual yesterday for tbe nomination ^f a Quxz, WoLL and Cobos, have penetrat- to demand the concurrence of tbe Board ofThe of Mexico, that the Church Party is to meet sponsibility which he deprecates so much. Let the of keeping our great trade with the 4ong policyaeveryclinganyAldermen, for reasonswielding solely for the public good, they may concur in good in one strong and steady stieam, sufficient of his desire to have them increased. If they seean eminent scientific man, one fiinds some diffi-;expectstiieyaf&xcd some limit to theoffice. heisonprobation^Finances of the State Canals.Comptroller's Annual Report, which we published at length in the Tims of yesterday, relates to the Canalrevenues of the Canal to the Generalvember the followties committed upon foreigners tufrom quartersand how difficultall other requirements of the Constitution of ing and as the ;be unjust to layifcase Admitting,personal knowledge.'b, the majority.OoBeentwn proceeded to ballot for candidates for with serious trouble, if not a complete over- him remove an officer for misconduct and yfest asfree as practicable. Waiving the jus- the Republican Party,"—and thus holds out one who desires to keep himself properly informed the vaiiinu State offices. Mr. Tcbh««, the pres- throw. show dear cause lor the proceeding, and he tice of the question, so far as our Railway cor- (he idea tiiat the whole party entertains the upon the leading topics of current interest aad eM Oowemor, received bm 15 vmes out of 104,wfaQe Ex-Gov. Arnold had J4, andPascltoBD, of Providence, 55. The latter wasdaclarad the candidate for Governor, a.i<l afterfilling out tbe ticket, the Delegates to the Na- to make the cause of the Libcril Party of that he is not arbitrary and absolute, that mise the supremacy of the internaltional Bepublican Convention were elected, Mexi—co the cause of the foreigner and the her- others share the power of punishment which commerce of the State and City of New-rork. This is carrying out the programmejir SetbThe Tribune errs most decidedly in assert- will be sustained by tbe public, whethv the poVations are concerned, it is of the last im-same sentiments, and is prepared to act upon discussion. They do not excite so paucfa comiao-theeffect of thiswill beBoirdsecond bis action or not Butthe fact —that we should do nothing'to compro- them whenever the slaves and white non- tion as theyslaveholders will make aAt iaro'e—Hon. James F. Sim- the \ Herald laid down when it reprintedetic ^the irrellgionplacedthe just responsibility which belonjis to hisafter column of Hxlpxb's book,forming tbe universe at large, for some time which teaches precisely the same doc- published will be foand in another column.rea<-hnltheCityofMexico,andalreadytheItIsquitelikelythatthepowerMayor pastonlyI ol has ru^e and despairgone upfrom themightrespects,Virginiaof thethat it waa the which contained /ufl reportsNew-I'ork paper trine, but which had scarcely been heard of athe isol his predecessor. The public will look accord-or personal foes, or to carry out tlie corruptprerogativesenabled toown population by tbe existence of high pro- tective duties, and consequently a tiigh price of bread and low standard of on the of'Mexiee,aiKlesp»- dally upon the peisoa of my feUow-canatrymaa, Oa-StateDebtnorhas liberalstatesmanof whichmodemcivilizationishasattended the since when enlargement 1836,surrounding country by dischairgingerage over the fields, instead of filling the har- bors and choking the rivers with it, and allow- ing it to run to waste. Tbe mechanical anddifficulties of such an enterprise are no doubt great, but not too great for mod-largementdebt of the Statethe in peoplethe$11,605,000. and the old in its own hands. Rome was invincible as smuggling prevails more or less around the Mexi-debt now standsonly$^2,000byitsthat slave has a to kill the Mexican Government berense every right practice against;food, creating190 perof the Canals ttiought holdingand on such an enormous scale, developingfor the long train of error and extravagance whichbeing surplus year. Assumingport of Vera Cruz, the largest portinMexico,dinary suj^rtbe the of the duties that Qovera-anycent,dutiesoncottontsbrieswouldladoee oeople to take the ventnres of aaggliag, wfeieh ex- must be made to keep up the fertility of the ists solely on the Padfie Coast of Mexioo, as it dees their sew- everywhere else in the wortd, simply becsose hi^ tariib make it an object The outragas upaatbe British Consul are not excused by the slnpidt^ afwas in whole projected 1836, theonce made sensible of the consequences of per- severance in the existing mode of cultivation.wasrevenues of the Canal had thus, in a period ofonly eleven years from the completion of the work to tide-water, nearly redeemed its fiirstimportant.cost With thefrom that time to the \<)to of f 10,500,000 byA ScBiw Loosi.—The Herald has been in- colimmvaluable than now. The terms on which they are AtameetingoftheDemocraticmembersottliethe South until the Herald's extracts carriedprit-stUoui) uf iliat old pagan dl;itrlct, and creased. We have already indicated our con- Congress. TTesterday's Herald had fAree col- its advice and its exhortations into the very bdd the State Coriventloa for electing delegates tahowanatliciuas .'icroein someere with much (hat is said by Mayor umns, fiilmlnatfld cuneaceThomas M. Tryniski 309 South 4th Street Fulton New York 13069General Aasemtdy, it was determined tevery properiy be in-of the debates inof these debates. We heart of the Sliteholding States. In that way Charleston on the Mth of February.responsibleonly $6,328,000. Theobtainedfrom a reliable American wit- thoroughlytrade andbegfaming.pabUsbed yesterdayU.NI0SManniae.-It will be observed that MbUiathe thattfae(»>m-prodncingpowerofthecivilized, onstrationsaasomeofourmorexealoosBcibe-utmost what power hs does tea (hat the decline has not been more rapid and IntioBS adopted at^&ocheater, and took oooa- possess that "purpose. He will promptly remove, /or cauxe, more marked ; but that the existing supply of sion to endorse them as- speaking the seall-cultivated countries of themotethepublicwelfare,hewillexerttothe comingexhausted; thatitisowingtoguano preaeatedinUieSenateonTuesdaythe(«•»>and has no ifispuUicanorgans have•proiKHinced them. lbkeep uptheFund, and from the important cause of the are thriving, as perhaps they never throve sincere for I liad regret,fromrapid fall, of late years, in the gross receipts before, but the annual yield of home-grown steadfast support of the Tms, that you at least wm» from tolls, have become a charge in a certain wheat has been enormously diminished, and disposed to do us jt^^Oce. I do not say yon an aetmeasure upon the tax list of the people. The English bread a now mainly the product of disposed to do so now, nor can I t>eU<VebatpiB;rU-apoUtt say be was. Hli businesshiMexicowas.te.attendtoassw-iaUI. Tto distracted state of the country dosed the mill, aai hs 1846, may be the fault in part of extravagant we seek our bread further and further west In went to Tepic from the scw-mUl, to be of servlee toor unwise management but the main diffi- Germany and Eastern Europe the same decline his employer, and, at the same tline, for the grestar^serration of tfae property of several perscss. J^^»^mgsafetyofhisfamily. Whilethereheexardaed culty Is unquestionably in the progress, in fertility is also to be witnessed, the cause Influence with the Censtitntional forces far the pi»sylvaniathe South, and the Canada roads are rapidlycessity has compelled the cultivator to take never have for one moment permitted him to thtnkductiveness,without the smallestour farmers have rarely taken the trouble torlglit to do, amican remedy. The latter might, possibly, insome measure, l>e practicable, if the Western EoU; they get all they can out of them, and not too great a cowant to defsad himself from themanure their fields. found them Theyvirginwhen they are exhausted, abandon them. InEurope, and especially in England, stem ne-towns or travels on the Mexican idgfaroads, and Islong relied on for this purpose Guano then made its appearanceofto Lkibig the of supply guanocannot last much longer, and this once exhausted, some means must be devised of supplying its place,wasdevoted by the genius and foresight of DeWitt boding is based is a very simple one. To ren- regarding Mr. Chasx, are violent allnslons to Hr. Clihtok. They have done this triumphantly, der and keep soil productive, the elements Ausor, the British Consul at Tepic Hr. Ausorgreatoffice tc which thesystemoriginallyin the harvests must be re- still lives, and therefore merits no expenditure o( sympathies while the ease of poor Chasx Is under and of fostering care within its legitimate stored. The ordinary barnyard manures, where consideration. But, Mr. Editor, permit me to say thatandand sincere attachment, the whole peo-interest to withhold allway proposes properfor their The appropriations support. greatof the have reason to be sat- body people everyisfied with their financial results, so far as theCanal party"hut only partially. Theyevery yearextent,temperedto the oe-of "No the Slate.leaveciency, and this deficiency, multiplied by fifty or casion, The coritraband trade exists on the PadfieSicilyish ofiida's on the Pacific coast Inthefiillhis mere whim and or they will find themselves, at no very distant famished Boathem CooservativBo with fh« private motives,uponwithout the concurrence of the Board, he may day, if the existing system of cultivation be means of refuting the aasertiMis of (he dia-—but the wilt sus-Consul, budget of the Treasury for the or- Southern States, reprints Tukodobk Pabkee's contraband business, and in the outracaa thafwith other necessary and reasonable outlays, in the tax list or to be provided for byevery freeman to help him, if he can thus se-ment as excessive, is precisely the doctrine aftmplace,This is an excellent sugges-because this is ane o! the elements of evil in Mexico that must be abolished, in order to give peace to the country and prepareHerald's readers at the —among the thewayfor our owninterests.and is intended doubtless to take spe- cial effect upon them, and stir up another—Lsonaso Scon 4 Co. continue the repubUcation of thedirect andptfirarsynopsis of the The AboHtloalstafatTeyiriw^ been ii»*?b|good government in the City- ^adlmperfisetiefeiBDcetoit "Bragisavery and sagacity When thty einagadtt* ffilMMbeoome more aad more occurring TbenuTderofOnaoaiCIumoatTeate.both here and inEurope, phuses th^ir general correctness be- I have been pained, and I tfcinfc ^iriDi naaoa, atof tbe Com laws, in 1847,But a sory inspection of what is actuallywasof wheat for herIng remarks upon (he lacaat alraet;shouldIf Mexican Custom-house oiBeials were ten thousand LiEBio insists that we must fall back on the times more honest than they are, there woiild atOIexist dishonesty enough ia their compositions to toI> system itself stands affeeted to our present sewerage of towns. These great consumers erate fraud for a consideration. Sut if they did not,political aspectsdirect from and Mazatlan—one who Tepicandand will always continue to be, largely depend- did not prevent him from stating tbe facts In theThe growthprosperityfate as profoundly as our correspondentbut this;thePabksb as one who has Magazine,that thewith that movement and Qiat the only poUiameetingsJomr Baowv**good rentresults willwas not taken inor forerals, is, that his arrest took place some five daysafter Maiqcxs took Tepic, notwithstanding he whs walking about the streets every hoar of the day dar-questionable character.In the same article from which I make tbe extractswhich we make wardid in their earlier days, b»- mainlywhich they were originrily intended to occupy.abler or more and But th«y were never interestinghopedthe^ iiioils—has aas every person does do, who lives in ths intsdorit notf www.fultonhistory.comA 