 m mtoys* i M e*rtata forma of proaedarattorney that the public shonid believ* he was baring afatr trisl, whJe b e was *n truth having toe form withoutthe substance B s was to be tried, convicted and exe- Dean Richmead., cuted tino the SDeeUteat mtihla manner Tho n.Ti a.«lata*by Rev. Dr. Tyag,Fjet Chronicles, 12, 18, for his text. "Thin*tote, and on thy aide, thou son ofbe unto thee and unto thy helpers, for the Lord God doethijliii the Stat* laws of Vurgsuetoaw.to excite «. Daawr thess* •**>•£**** w w « trnd. T on o i lterrasit possible manner. The.next day Augustus Schei), other and another short delay was asked.F. Fowler, ^ IBs Won*.jWOriftai,betew,the fBBaadirone rax[fast rate thehave nrwatolii as attiMul providers fartoe asaat fort and pleasure of thmr guest*that you are tavtttag these to whet U awrorCiutodotha*rnaeeorEnglandhavef"IU'TM are ouptortog them to M U M M a aril m , la kntk op to* Cams and to attempt whet every State waasa »U A. Danny. Tun* 0. Bergen.,toe thing.- These words weraf ferae), by those who cametag irrssjWB These are the ward*wthrta*apply to Christ, of whom David was aL preacher thea proceeded to show thatbe wholly enBtroltod by the will of toe Saviour,ttottry should this be the esse, but they should al- be arrayed en bat side as cbaasgaaa far B is nametoad,to*rasalkst,ud Oregon,the at to* Ca*m, « n U have 4DM, n raw by war » the has*.ivtev of ii »«tofl«t y*uins/ dMaia.Bat if yen will oother nagr* ssKatod, and naked the witoesB n*ha was aae Chiltin bad not proved it was contrary to k w . Mr. Boyt 1 -and Connecticut atearners are to be withdrawn from too the Eptohany, or the manifestotion of Christ to the Gen- route. The road will probably purchase boats tar a* owntses, was celebrated with the ceremonies usual to that ass. The Commonwealth has been sold. and in ooaaec- solemn occarkm. The magnificent Christmas decorations, ttea with the Plymouth Rock, to to form a hue with toe which were fuDy described in the Hnuin of that day, Shore Line road, landing at Groton Bank. The boats to still remained, giving better effect to the beautiful and StoBtogton are to be dfeonttossn, an* Groton to thus to impressive exercises. Upon the entrance of the clergy, be practically the terminus of the Provide*** aad I arrayed to their robes, a beautiful Epiphany carol, writ-to* —gmniito *f to* taterest terra-tawotvew you must*TBB 2toi iM VtJltol example which » uoaoe totMcat to. thd btotorroi to*populate*.M hastrad 3 * - . of francs, were Britototofrasto*aegrass- sf -sf Brawn s men, which being answered in toe affirmative, "•^J^. ? *££ **toto»ias,but the Unkm was not worthsavage Ufa.irabtoof dark af tha moo*, a t that junctore Mr. Alfredto* colored rapiitouua waoaa yom asset bag yaw for Tel, are toss eotme aadaagarprodnoadas a enaasnas to* tacr.flca, by atoT* tobor? On to* oantrary.that toe amonat of bath toaas pradaeto, ttora grow* 1tntoSreatBrttoto,ismuchlargertbaabethe pneoner (Jerry) assented, provided they could stop toe patrol so they cooid get about.The court, composed of Ave magistrates, after hearing able arguments from both sides, and duly eonsidering toe evidenceandarguments,nnammoaaryfoundthe prisoner guilts- o f plotting aad conspiring t-> excite slaves to rebel and make nsurrectwo, aad appomted Friday, the lTth day of February next, for hw execution; at the same time strongly iwitoMwiirttof, him to the mercy of the execu- tive.timpani of Isaiah, the 4th and 5tn verses; the 4th verse toetog the Solo and the Mb the Chorus.The Bev. Dr. Oguby thea ascended the pulpit and Btesshed an eloquent sermon from the 3d chapter and 1st verse ef Matbew —"BeholdtherecamewisemenfromtheEastAfter speaking of the historical circumstances connected with the text, be continued aa follows:—The sages of the world are now sought for in the crowded marts of busy life—their thoughts, their aims, theirpurposes, centred upon the earth Their chief places ofeammatod at toe eaormoaa sum of five hundred millionsaf deUars annnaUy. Sueh anrthens, impossible forto18*0, and hiawidowsold bimSouthtoColonelGreen- thecourseof sevenyears$150,000to adapt themtothat wich of Oak Grove, near Cbarlestown. The boy's aame use, would create a very strong presumption that the landcrop, and which to sustain human ate require an amount of industry and forethought which unhappily be is no; eu of. It is the firm belief of all those who kaow negro that be oould there no more sustain himself toe horses or the horned cattle of a rigorous Northern ciissaxe could if set a t hourly and a t large b y the auddeu extinction of their master, man. Left alone in the Southern Mates of tha American Union, the emancipated negro • u i from these causes gradually and miserably die out, waving at the end of a tew generations only the bones ofTha) Charleston aad New York jobber alike purchase of the President of the Company to execute a deed to him,the anporter, who is mainly aa agent in New York of which was accordingly executed on the 5th of November,foreign or domestic manufacturers. The manufacturer, 1S69. There is nothing In the affidavit of Scott inconsist-J. A. P CampbeU, J W. Matthews. A. B Clayton. Thos J. Hudson.be avoided. A ball wUl be hoisted to the top of the polenear the bell tower whenever the ice is in fair condition for Finais WasTTBurrv surra Sraarr—Shortly after twelve s-katinc- A white pennant will be kept hoisted ever the o'clock on Thursday night a fire broke out ta the steam round bouse m the middle of the mam pond wnenever theme may be walked upon with safety by several personstogetner,orskatingcanbeattemptedwithoutseriousde-triment to the ice, what*, ver may be its condition in otherrespects No one can remain upon the ice with perfect machinery is estimated at about $5.000—insured for safety, or with proper regard to the general interest in $2,500; loss on stock abont $1,500- uninsured. The building maintaining the ice in good order for skating, when the was owned by Mr Appleby; loss about $500, said to beof aaaft-an,WBnW* *PWa*RSAp fSBBwW"1TM» « toots, that the white roan heeama suspicious, and was aa ebeerfuJ a s w y man before him. Tbenexldayhe flnalfe asked him wl*t be thought of the Harper's Ferry was convicted. Caleb Cbihing bad said he had jurtJceM.T. BdwardDugro.apar »,after toTerry commenced abuatog him most flat wtoMas, ssataag b« rntoato* tn bnm him that be had been to Berryville toe SundayHiram J.Winer. JunoBat matt,Charleston our jobbers import more often than the New York jobbers, who can obtaia any desired article, by b« race a toe howling wilderness to authenticate his sad sending a few street* or blocks* Here are no largepears still more conclusively from subsequent averments in the answer of law. Where a court of equity interposesstory. Younaysay/'-Bennvehtmtoatropicalclimate,then.''stocks, exclusive to certain departments of trades, sold otilybythebale,csBeorothermeasureofbulkWe select at random the following direct importations of lastown name, for his own benefit, which belonged or right- fullyKlongstothetrustestate,itdoessoinaidofandto protect the rights of the r<ai out trust. (Campbell va- Walter,a vis., 679; Hatch vs. Hatch, 9 id., J96 1 Story s Equity Jurp., pp 321, 323.) In this case the oest qui trusts" were the Untied bates MailSU:.unship Company and Albert G. S?loo. It is averred in l a w s answer that h i wasor, Afee. 5—1*.C.Glenn,1Ao.HLUDavB,DoueiassCordon, XeiU. MlHtellaneowa Political Sews.round bouse indicates either that the ice ta very danger-ous,orthatitisbeingfloodedforthepurposeofforming FIKXisTBSBowser—Aboutsixo'clockonThursdaya new surface. In the latter case it will be night a fire occurred in the show window of the millinerykept frying until new ice is finally formed. The and fancy goods store of Mrs. W. E. Sheffield, No. Z76)£red pennant will not be displayed unless there Bowery. The flames were promptly extinguished, loss is an absolute necessity that the pond ahould be cleared.Pet. sir. benevolent as you are towards all Gods ere*toco, if yo .r father bad bequeathed to you an elephant, Thursday, ia evidence of the variety of such importationsentrapped from h s native wills in which he roamedttarmlesaly, in wtuch for tens of centuries his kindred ele-made at that port —Per ship (^arcane, arrived from Liverpool, Deoesaber 29;yooPIS* hard*aad botoa, to Gourdto, ttMaaaan A Oa, beg-tfact fltot the groat majority of free negroes 1 and b j theft, have obliged the tree negro1 tha abate or to choose a master.inquire now many have preferred slavery to ktta adjacent Skates, where assured of- which would not ha extended to a wane.^OVT. ware, chains, nana. to Crane, Boylstoa AOnmsa Bis EarurrBB's IBTTKHS—William Darby, a clerk to toe drug store Of John C. Bomeyard, was ar- presentation in any partisan convention. A s there is no toe pond, that the ice is in condition to repay them tor rested, on a charge of opesing bis employer s letters,4i 1A Brawbry; hardwara. to W. B. Morton. Toremove the mlstrnt saposastoawould probablybe hatrge ;of goods,iacoanmouusethroughouttheCoroner's laqaeat. qtcirer'sWashingtoncorrespondentdaoloBesaplotofsun- New Yerk Sleighing osl the Roads and MalaxBOIT 8nar>a sr TABSSQ•eyead toe power of too wbito population, if they were to a——entousaasticabolhtonjats,eveniathenormaleondi- BSB of to* Union.of any other rent than the keeping ofthe wharfandstorehouse in as good repair aa they were then to, aadthepaymentofailtaxes,assessments orchargeswhichmight be lawfully imposed upon the premises, and thatupon these conditions, he. Law, let and demised the premi diana State Convention af the 11th Inst The plan is to Bloomingdale road, Ninth avenue, Third avenue, etc., somewhat melancholy circumstances. Deceased, rt ap- sea to them for the said period; and Roberto covenantedIf that great Southern interest were wilttagly broken eaoes of every day hfe. Large amounts of 7H a a fJerry,a itora baJaaftog to Col. rraatoi MeOamkk.artows*, Tto, ato* tnsd » l a t o aoaatf toto safe of^tottaag sad conspiring wtth stoves to |k* insurrection. The Cmstrvaurr baa theataflaM Jerry replied thathe wasgladtohear ofit "Why tOftMM,« werwyounottherer'atkedthewitness."BecauseImerciful treatment shown him thanshowsherprisoners.WhenthegreatMas- 9—tiouverneurKemble, BdwmCroawell.9a eternal sans* Ths discourse, which was eto- Tns Bono* SrsABBOiT Rocrxs—Inrosa-AST dehvered, was beautifully clear aad extremely The contract between the Norwich and New Yorihim, Yirgtata,thetodid sot kaow exaatiy whero to go," was the reply."Wealdyobbaretoneifyoubadknown?" "Yea;andIhave 'our seas that would bare followed me. I woaU beready u* g* at any u s e * And thea, taratog tothasCbarnegro, he added, -'would yon not go, too*" To this the have sentenced bim to be hung within three days if Mr10-BenjaraiB H. Kdsall, 11—Wm F.Rues*, IV-Theodore Miller. IS—David L. Seymour, 14- Btastes Corning, la—John TJtoomb, lo—Lemuel Stetson, 17—James C. Spencer, It—Alotxo C. Paige,Johat. Baaay. ge Beach.Warren.raiartes R Icgalls ney Lawrencel Cariryl.faaawyT Faircbild. AlleaC Beach JohnJ.Peck. Aaron firwwoldLD. A.Ug**n. •Carles Hewlett. A. J. Abbott.B.F. GiUsoe. Henryj. Gtowaeki.AlpbeusPrmce.FBRTFAL OPTHB BTTPBAWT AT TWjjnTTAt Trinity church, yesterday morning, the fes'ivel ofcolonies, once a soarce ofmZ.ifmn*!?*.*?*.•—. **•*»*«»*«» and toM torn toot the."* **d bean mora burnings since feea-LokeIISmith, ft—D. C. West. ga-Js*.F Hask.n, 26—C P Has*26—W. %. Wright, 27—Henry J. Barto, 28—C. f. B. Waiker, 20—S. B. Jewett, 30—Wm. B. Cbamplam, SI—Sandfofw B>Church, 32—John F . Hudson, 33—JohnC Deveraux,Oer Judeasbillein the solemn night, ,A star Is shedding Its glorious light,While a way wore train, b y the guiding ray, feslowly pursuing its weary way.come from the East, we come from afar, Wecomebythelightofthegloriousstar, Oargoldandourincensewithmyrrhwebring, To lay at the feet af the new-born Ktag.The other s e n kiss were nearly to* same a s those usual SBSBBasyThefirstselectionofFsslBW,es*nprtatag gs*l9th, 24thBrown war is Virginia as the correswendent ofDeshe's lUustrated Jfewtpaper, sad the bride, Mfea R—f, is connected with some of the wealthiest and most aristo- cratic families of tbto State and New Jersey. The happypair eloped from TivoU, about one hundred miles aw to* Hudson, came down to the ctty by express ta the atorn- ing,andweremarriedathigh noon B wasSB artistic aadliterarywedding,andmuchmore quietly donethan the diamond affair, of which Dr. R. was the happyIrian.TaxLarsMas. FAXXT DSAXB HAIATT.—In oar•peratrve a curtailed a e * ia to* •< nawsrm of if* w pay to* Atorast of that debt or atotaia the establishments wbwh tlast saw bam: stating that t^pntrol had netbeea out that week, and toat be and others ha*! sanies plot the night befatw tor born the nous* of Daniel B. Sowers la thelaonto* to* atoWTajilaii m sf to* Pattedcreasedsixtyperseat duringthetwenty yearsIwasedia*-toe tost ceaaaa. OB htodtogto tow totoad WM arattoghto viBa the other Sunday.] They were then joined by fatertt.—This suit was commenced by the plamtiflb as18—Daniel D Campbell, JacobLBadeafle,to get matches, but could not got any. [It was proved by another witness that Jerry was to Berrysarry heavy " ^ « a T onai npoa their beads by on Joan Brown, tiffin in jail under weatenie of death, and» hnahanrts, saaa or bratoars, who the psjBihUitj of rescuing him—Joe remarking that he trust which expired October 1,18*9, fbr the purpose ofl—Charlee Rule,* 2—Wm.T.Forrest,* 3—GeorgeWHcuck* 4-Benjamm MeteaAL* a—Jamea B Steedjnan,* e—Hon. J. B Oockem),* 7—J. Purbin Ward, 8—George Spence * 9-Bdwarn0.Dwkwon*10—Thoaeea McNaUy, U—Lett If. Skaith,* 12—way** M. torarwold,* 13—Themes M Bartiey * 14-J. B. TOBBg,*and 103d Paahna, was chanted by the choir aad congre- Necrology tor the year ISM, pubtstoed on the gist ef De-gation, completely filling the magnificent edifice cember tost, toe death of Mrs. Fanny Deaae Hatoey—who,with a volume ef narmony, which, as it it will be remembered, was found drowsed mas attri-rolled away in the high arches overhead, thrilled everyheartwithadmirationandawe. Theanthem,whichWas butedtosuicide. Thistoaaerror—theOaraBei'ajorybeautifullyandartisticallyrendered,wasJremtoedSth havtagrenderedaverdictof"Accidentaldeath" ThaiKliyon the wharves, to coal the steamer hadbeardthatanarmywascomingontotakehimoutof •at sf arogwsis thataagbfara, mora than bah* jail,"andXwejointhemwecantakehimout"towhlcaobtainingajudgmentdeclaringthatMr.Lawacquired title to the wharf and buildings thereon, at Aspinwall, now need aa a landing place by the steamers Baltic and Atlantic, belonging to the North Atlantic Steamship Com pany (which is Mr. Law's lessee of the premises), us trus- teeoftheUnitedState*MailSteamshipLine,andtocompel a conveyance to the present trustees accordingly, and to obtain aa injunction restraining the use or occupation of the premises by the North Atlantic Steamship Companycorrection to made to jasties to the deceased lady sad bar furvtvicg friends.P o l i c e I n t e l l i g e n c e . BOLD ATTBBTT AT ROBMBV—Georgebrought before Justice Connolly oa charge ofgrand larceny, under the followingprisoner, it appeared, entered the dry goods store of Ann* & Lark-in," No. 114 Hudson street, yesterday awfatag, during the temporary absence of the proprietreas, aadSit, s>r, to* eaaaacipatton of the negroes m the Cwtad•totes, on the prtoapte of cwapin—ttna, would to-ratre aaampeadaara, as* of twenty, bat of tore* or fosr hundredmi*hone of panada sterbag. The interest on that sum atthe rates aswal to thai oaaaary wwaM sqoal to* latorest Mr. Chamblin, the witness ia Uus case, wsnon slave- during the pendency of the suit, and a temporary injunc- I s - as toe whoJa aalioasl aabt of Great Britain. Bat that •resort are not very distant from the spot whither the Epiahaay star baa this day Drought us to worship. We can getting behind the counter commenced overhauling thanet all. at least three oat of the (bar millions, at which toe entered ia now aaaipotol, atom be sop- partod. Thai, at the lowest estimate, would cone to a* aawcbmora,acharge»wouldbeimpossibleto »TI'.t whether to* negro was freed with or wHhoot com pensabon to nia owner. The freed negro, bavjag nether todastry nor jiiniiitiiaas to make a crop, must phadsr,tion had been obtained accord.ng!y, which, on the comingto of the answers, and after argument, was dissolved bythe following decision1—Mr. Everts sad Mr. BapaBo fbr 19—H B Payne * plainufls,Mr.aahBtoadandMr.RobinsonforMr.Law;20—DavidTodd*Mr. Iaroeque and Mr. Barlow for the North Atlanticgoods. Just at that moment Mrs. Larkm came oat af a back room, and entering the store, detected Robertson ia theactofsteelingsomesilks.Sheimiserttatataap- proached the fellow, aad asked bim what he was doing, when be sprang upon her and attempted toThe woman* cries for help so atoiaios tb* rasa and earth. It would be very safe to aay that the fled from toe store ere the choking operationverdict so Change would hardly aet these down eluded, aad sought to escape by running towards Canalamong the www men ef their day and generation. street. I uckily policeman Stater, of the Fifth aroatast,Who are the wise men of the earthlr Are those wasathand,andarrested htoprogressera be andpro-bolder.Joe, the other slave of OoL McC. above referred to,le—S. K Bosmer, 17-Joseph S. Way. 18—Samuel Lahm*ordered to be sold out of the State.•wWLmUWmmUThe amejh*MBT Democrat baa axformatien of an arrival11—Thomas Woods,AH those delegates with a Mar opposite their nam** arewell imagtae what would be the judgment of these world ly sages, if, along the street which leads directly ap to Uusholytemple,atrain,likethatwhichenteredtheSa- viour'a birthplace, was seen approaching, bearing gifts and treasures, past the warehouses of commerce, the banks, the offices of the money changers, to offer themSteamship Company. Mr. Eaton and Mr. Davis for the saarTe or be supported. Ton will find.-that interest or hi that city of a ttkeiy negro man, about twenty-three Panama BaJioad Company —under instructions tovote far Stephen A. Douglas tor Pre- up with worship in the temple of toe Lord of heavenmmn eassooa money, support of aegroaff, toss of southern yearar of age, from Booth Oaroltoa, He bad bslanged to By the Court, Daly, J.—The use to which the promises sident. crap and of nortoera trade to Sooth, woald be under Aiwiawaiit Masoa, of Vaginas, who was kided ia a duel were applied, and the fact that the trustejes expended inSLaSSAOBUSaTrg. roxBoanB AT UKGB. Paves or Deaganu,no matter what his goods may be, sends them to NewYork fbr a market, through a local agent in that <aCy, andae will send them to Charleston in the same manner, if aent with what is here averred, or which can be regarded as disproving it. and as respects the right to an injunction, it might be sufficient to stop here and declare that to*DISTRICT DgLBfiATTS.•laii 11 >i1—A. B. Dilworth , J. T. J. 11. Howry, a C. RutoerSimma, ford2—1 M-Thomson,W.E. A.M Reasons.A.G.H. Tison, Smythe3—Jamea Draee, Bev. Mat- J B. Oovmgtoo, Isaac Inand gas pipe manufactory of Enoch Lumb, to Thirty ninth street, near the North river. Before the fire was extin- guished the enure building was destroyed. The loss oaNEW YORK HERALD, SATURDAY, JANUARY 7, 1860.-TRIPLB SHEET.to* most, prosperana community which has exstod tobear, would tail on the utterly ruined white Southern po m John Niles. Nine years ago he attempted with hat pa- was obtained by Law for the benefit of and as part of the Isaac Davis,Caleb Cushing, Oiiver Steven*.IT LABCB. All Douglas.entitled to this name who are applying their highest wisdom to advance only the interests^of this mortal life? or are they the wise men of earth, who " seek first the kingdom of God and his righteousness" aad make earth subordinate to heaven, as God himself hath made it, and time robBarvtonAJto eternity t The light of God's truth makes the answer to thia question plain. My brethren. if you seek for wise men in the light of Christ's Bpipha- ny, go cot forth among those who are building fbr them aelvea palaces of pride and splendid temples to mammon, and are gathering around them the elements of earthly power aad laying their foundations upon the sand of earth Then*wisdomisbuttoolijhneeswithGod. Wiser thantheseisthehumblestworshipperofChrist,thisday in his holy esaapsaBe concluded by exhorting them to make their worship complete—followingtheexampleofthewisemenofold— by the richness of their freewill offering.A collection for the African Mission was then taken u p , after which the sacrament of the Lord s Supper was ad atorwteredThe congregation then departed.Skating at the Central r*rk.laTROVEBXKTS IN THB REUCLATION8 FOB SAATKKS. Experience having suggested some improvements in the skating rules adopted and published a few weeks since,the following directions to skaters on the Central Park wereyesterdaypostedaboutthepond—HsacBoaa AITDncssBscnows.There are ten different gravel or plank walks leading to the shore, with gang planks carried from them on to the ice No one ahould approach the pond in any other way thanbythese.Therearefootscrapersoneachgangceeded many yards. The magistrate thought that B was a clear case against to* prisoner, and committed ktat fas trial accordinglyTHB OLD GABS REVTVID.—A good looking m a s , r*>jotcing ta the cognomen of Francis D Canterbury, w a sbrought before Justice Steers, at the Essex Market PoliosCourt, yesterday, oa charge of swindling several grocersin the upper part of the city by means of an old dodge.Canterbury ordered the groceries to be sent to No. TlBowery,wherehewouldbereadytopaythebillsaatheywerepresented, hamorathanonecase,however, to* prisoner took the groceries from the messeager, and making some plausible excuse, stepped out b y a rear e n - trance.leavingtheclerkinthelurch. Ittotrue,Mr.Can- terburywasoneofthemostthoughtless menextant,aad might have committed these mistakes without aay crimi- nal intent, but the magistrate was inclined to a contrary belief, and committed the g< nUeman for exammattnri.Bcasi-Aium—The store of Wbito, the hatter, No. figBroadway, was entered by a burglar yesterday morning.loliceman McWaters happened to be passing at the Ussathe bcrgtor was entering the store, and, approaching t h apremises, so scared toe fellow that he fled without effectinganything. The taper bier saloon of August Gelger, No. 4MFourthstreet,wasentered by burglarsoaThursday night, and $47 worth of property stolen therefrom Po- liceman Moore, of the Seventeenth precinct, caught one of m e thieves coming out of a window aad secured him. Justice Steers committed the prisoner for exatoinatisa.CBAKCS or EMB*Z/ISIIK.NT.—James B. Elmore, a clerk,wastakesintocustodybypolicemanFitzmaurice,ofthepnattoto and on tfca laaporartoVd Narth.Tat toesa nagroas, now batter cared tar than theasajsrity of (tot btoorara and operatives of lurope, b * stoeseanuBg thsar nam snhaailIBU*, furaato to lurop* aoont two thirds of its cotton. Ootton, the cheapest arti- aie of hnmaa cssthing, was, aa theeorerteg of the needy, sad toe snoatttote lor more sohd, ulng—i or comGortable febrws, oaee the ayaaayas in yoor onantiy of whateverbut the dogs mastered him, aad he was trust estate, but tins presumption is overcome by what is baca. He now rejoins tub father sad mother in stated in the answers. It is averred in the complaint—but only on informauoa and bel:ef—that the Panama Railroad Company permitted toe trustees to make use of the land and of the water privileges upon Navy Bay, with the view of inducing them to run their steamers to that place,James S. WfadBey,Abolitlost IttccBdiary tmWe toarn from the Auburn Afpwal that some shortand upon the understanding that they would make suite bie improvements upon the land and would run theirJohn S. Rcbaaea, Jasper Rand,Benry Keyer, E M. Brown.MAXNB. All Douglas.ago. near Society Hill, Macon county, Alabama, aman named L. Stearns, claiming to tw from Montgomery,was ina jniflrawt and asaaa. T et baa* you ever consi was eanght tampering with a Mr. Richardson's negroes. steamers there. This is positively denied ia the DtsL PelajnlffiAa*ra*Aw. Oliver Moses. IsaacJ.Carr.acred what that cotton m, wtaicb, aa the product of forced ,yoomayprobablyregardwithbotoabhorrenceaad mthamaterialoutofwhichamighty •ac^ has been gradually bat inextricably Interwoven, not ny with tha iliisstolia of Uas repnbac, but of tens noon 1 of miliwns beyond *, so as in some m*asure to hare en tongtod m to web nearly all civilisation. To sever * would pradove now calaastties sacaed only to the sadden and alter aawppearaac* from the world of iron. The silkanswer of the Panama Railroad Company, who 4—Thomas D. Robinson,foUowmgto meet at(., for Mpported byto*< dertsnii VieelMr. Chambltn, a The Judge repaed that the prawoer bad John X Tavtor. bspteaaitopato claim on hi* favor by repudiating bto former Daniel F. fteinanneounsei it was, nowover, contmoed a •w*h to* aagraai, toenta as a personal favor. Many new facts particular motive, ha inquired who showing Brown's reluctance to shed bleed, sadTata* a,ue*ttona wars answered with so much alacrity toenew counsel Mr. Hoyt spent the Sabbath with Brown if bar tow* only el toy tie aoa*Jerry, wb* seemed so Billing to oowtawtatosto labia cell, and went away feeling a better man Brawn2!>J%1—Win. H Ludlow,ha was, how away aajpaai ha •at humaaity to hat prisoners, was ehettod by $—Francis B. Spmeta, M. BtoLaaghbB.tthemuch to bun if it could not protect him to the discharge He then toM to* wSaras where ha would ' of hw duties. He was driven out of Virginia. TbeskuBHe webdrivenoff,sad a partyofcitrsens caughtand aver, on the contrary, that the negotiation forCbas.B Stetson.mrw Buaptman.whippedhim. TwoorthreenightsafterwardsMr.Rich- ardson had a lot of cotton set on fire.DirectTradeInChorlestowwith Enro I B U r e s t t u g P a c t a .[From the Charleston Mercury, January 2.}The remarks of our cotomporaries, as a whole, have been very complimentary to the card lately issued by thethepurchaseoftheirinterestinthelandwaswithlawin his personal capacity, and that the consideraum ineretor was toe engagement on the part of Law that he would aid themwithniscapitalandexperienceincontinuingtheir road—then in process of erection—and that he would in person visit toe road. It is also pos.'ively denied in the answer of Law, that the Panama Railroad Company per- mitted the trustees to use the land upon the understand- ing that they would make suitable improvement* and run\ 1—JohnS.Wells.Pierce sr Douglas. JesiahMiaot.OBBGOK.eBOBttlA, AT LAROB.tooaw, the flaw doth factories, the potteries, the glassworks, the manufacture af haena, shawls, laces, and of•munwrab'.e aniclee of use or luxury, might vanish in Charlesion jobbing merchants. A sound patriotism sad their steamers to Navy Bay, A c He also avers positively.i l l /Maputo.Joseph Ian*, Laaatag Stoat, M F. Deady,Fihaxifii Isaiah T. Irvm.— Lumpkin, —Benmng,B. B Jackson.1—Julian Bartridge, 2—Arthur Hood, 1—Levi B Smith, 4—Jas.J.Diamond, a—D. J. Fain,a—W. Hope Hull, 7—J- M Leaser, 8—1.. »rNelint,DfUOmUt.W. S Barry, g. Barksdale, Cham. Clark, W S. Wittvs.Alternates.J. Lamenck, John Adair, John F. Miller.aae night, to sabsaie tbrever amongst the lost arts, with- out oatationing one tithe the rum and desolation which the severance of that humble ootton link would occasionTa Great Britain atone the Southern States of thai Unionexport an amount of cotton exceeding the whole rental ofto* soil of tha British aiands—though toe agricultural pro- pel station as a leading seaport of the world. But wo de- name any property whatever m which the trustees had daceofthatsodisof higher valueaban to* agricultural toot,Btsome,indicationsofanideathatnodirectimporta either a legal or aa equitable title. Heavers,onthe produce of the soil of France. It furnishes, directly or in- tions are made in Charleston, and that better terms can contrary, that to the month of June, 1851, he directly .employmeat to many motions of white ansa. The be obtained of jobbers in Sew York. To combat this er- was requested by parties interested in the con ueslructon of the cotton crop of the United States would, ror, totd in some degree to convey more accurate inform* struction of the Panama Railroad to take an in at to* "•owes* computation, drive tola pauperism on* mi 1- Ut-a, we propose a few words. terest to the censtrueueo of that road, and that asan kwn sad a half of indivKtaaai in the British islands, and At (he outset let us premise, that to no great extent do inducement thereto an understanding was had between eccaswmuniversalcommercialbankruptcy in that jobberstoaaymarketImportthegoodstheysell.And himandthePanamaRailroadCompanythatmcasehe aoaatry and in this. The cotton which those negroes of the retailer who boys bis stock to New York, thinking took such an interest, he might select a piece of land toe Southern States produce ciothee at least sixty million* that he B having ofthe importer, grossly deceives him at Navy Bay to be conveyed to him tor his own exclusive •f toe hnmaa race, or, what is the same thing,clothes par self. ImporuBg • a bojoneos of itself, which completely benefit. That tn the month of July following be invested aa.ydoubleortrebtothatnumber. abacrb*toecapitalordinarily commandedbymercantile inthestockandbondsofthecompanytatheamountofButwhanthesesacrificesbadbeenmade,oratleastsuch tajatol Theimportersellsbytoecasetothejobber,and $300,000.and selectedtheland inquestion. Thatonthe of them aa it was w .thin human power to make, what at the jefbber by the piece or piece* to the retailer, who sells 7th of May, 18*2, a resolution was passed that the land so toe ooat of Uus widespread ruin would be the benefit to to the consumer by the pattern or quantity desired. Such selected be given to him, which on the 12th of Oecemoer toe enaixipaled negro* To p!ace bim even in the oondi- 1*.too divwton of modern trade. The simple ueoatton following was approved by the Executive Committee of m of toe Haytien or Jamaica negro inhabiting toe tro- plainly P01 to toe interior retailer is, "Will you sustain the Company, and the President was authorised to pre- pics' So to leave him on a soil and in a comato whose toe Charleston jobber or will you sustain the New York pare a deed to him. That he did not demand a deed untilwinter frosts, however tight, permit only a perennial jobbers who are equal competitors for your custorai'' November, 1869, when a resolution was passed directingdiscriminating judgment have pervaded all the notices that have met our eye. An earnest desire seem* to be sincerely entertained to sustain the merchants of Charles- too ur their endeavors to place our Queen (Sty in her pro-that neither toe trustees nor the United Sutes Mail Steam ship Company nor the Panama Radroad Company ever claimed, or pretended, that the trustees ever had any title or claim to the land, and denies that be did, as trustee, .n violation of h a duty, procure to be placed a his ownAll Howe.; Cobb.— McDoaald,sufficient market for goods be created here, fur thevery reason that there are no manufacturers' agents in equities of toe bill are substantially denied, but this ap-ion he told a dehbe- rato, mabaous aadpremeditated falsehood. (Applause aad htosaa) B e BbeUed the State of sfassacbusettTlt was impossible to have a fan? trial. The Jadge wouldargumentative.beatandtheNorwichandWorcesterRailroadIexpired last year, and as the twoCHCMB. agreeuponterms foritscontinuance,theCommonwealth"Tea,' added Jerry, • hew going aboutlettinggross to talk with oa the subject, stating that the patrol and cross bones would be a proper device fbr Ynrgiaia'a It—Samuel North,Davxl Sprake. Alexander H. 1 D. F BBselwas ott and woaJd not let them (the negroes) go from one ptave to another without a pass He said there hadseen* burnings sinee the patrol commenced, and that "we Will ship aa bemm* until they are stopped."jf'Owttondaysafterwardstoesamewitnesswantback far th* pC^We of ehcittng more facts from the prisoner. He was gladly ISJOsjvod by Jerry, who laaflgfllflli him,flag. Browns noble sacrifice would not fail to have its SO—John Striker,hJouttta. It would make men better and w«w\ Hews* »—John F. Mabhard, Jr. Henry S.notgoingtoapplaudordenouncehsactItwashiscon science which arose above h s altojrance to written lawstoobeythelawofGod,andthe would notfail to be gfortous.BaVflsVC o n t r o v e r s y . COMMON rtBAS.Beforo HOB. Judge Daly.Ja*. 6—"BunuxP.Clark and Edward If. Hidbmaa.Trusteesfar iXt Vnikd States MM SUamuhip Company,and Albert G Slat at. Georpe Law,>JuSertk Atkmtic SUamskif fhaaBsaw,tasfcrasaaaAtoOraadfhasjaaaajaadMaravaBO.yoor Mgro woaea Jbrasdto the previa aegro. Joe, aad tn* oonraraauon turned up- traatata of the United States Mail Steamship line, under a DHLteaexpresslyfortheoccasion,wassungbythechoir, AFACTWSWIVG—AtGracechurch,oafburoday, s which is composed of several very young boys, aided by runaway eosaie was joiasd ia marriage by the rector. afewolderpersons TheystandmtheehenoH,10 front Thabridegroom,Dr.R—e,waswell knowntathaSf toe clergy. The carol commeaces aa follows :—TAUT On.—The Baltimore Patriot, the orgin of the •toWilliam*APrice;ooaLtoJohnSebnierle;nerthe18thofMatch,1864;thatonthatdaybesoldthese outforEdwardBates,ofMissouri,forPresident.The above instructions are formed with a design to place about $7$—insured for $700 in the LortUard Insurancel naots bad not enslaved others, nor sacrificed themby hundreds in funeral rites, if you could no*. •au t.- Jamea Weiamanibark Netoerlaad, arHted from Rot the owner of 7,182 shares of the stock of that company on plug uglies and blood tubs of that city, baa come square no more check upon the inclinations of individuals than Company. The fire was caused by the gas light.aflbrdtofeedhimwithoutmakinghimwork, a* you eouid not aflbrd to restore him to a wilderness in which be could live, would you be btomeable' Left to himself, a • plain that the ne- gro, with hia strong local attachments, weak reasoningad vacillating purpose, would not emigrate from in which b e must die out to another ia whichto,laws paused in several slave 9mies. baaed on to*to A. A B. B. McJAenns, earthenwaiyjjontfoea, oat 10 J. Bones; rum sad wtoe, to Klinck, ?JV*enb*rr A co a-e to Ravaael ACa.eooon ihread, to J. A s. P. Bare oelinana, hardware, aaatoa, 10 Counaey, Tesaswt hOo.;sad-shares to Marshall 0. Roberts, one of his uo trustees sub ject to certain covenanto and cor ntiona and that be re- signed and ceased to be trustee on the 4th of April following. Among the covenants and conditions subjectAsAusTisr)SBomrasaTKOTBUC—JohnMulliganwas detected in the act of stealing a valuable overcoat from a stand in front of the clothing store No. 600 Broadway, yesterday afternoon, and arrested on charge of grand lar-bar, to C. 0. Wiue; abip Othello, from Liverpool,mquitenecessarytopreservetheiceinaconditionfor the general enjoyment, and it Whoped that they aaay be so willingly observed by all that occasion to resort to force, for this purpose shall never occur.dtorrioLoTea Wieagea;pots,campovens,oofera,chucney townktothesaletoRobertswasmadewastoefollowing—It will be observed mat the "ball ap" w il hereafterindicatenotthatskatm*;ispermittedmerely, outthatthe ceny,bypolicemanMiller. Justice KellycommittedtheS 2 a » l A OgHrieTSon, to 8. r f l a r t ACV).; bardware wov«fne*, saJB.oit^o^ap'i^de^rr*,waV e?SS1 owarak o ^ a T u ^ e l Tdbar iron, lo J B. Ad«er A Co.; hardware, to Hyde,Oreaa A ODayr,. •m»e•re*bandiae and hardware, toa Bymtt, MecBur _Oo.; buoied tOm. B. CD- paaa 'earth**'ware. 10That if Roberts should well and truly keep all the cove-Bants entered into on bis part, tnat toe United StatesMail Steamship Company and the trustee aforesaid shouldhave the pnvuege, so tar as the privilege was vetted infee is In tolerable condition for skating. When, therefore, the ball • seen aa when "up" it may be seen from almost any elevated position in the city—it will be under stood that those who wish to skate win find, if they go toaccused for examination.matbtoary, » 8. C Railroad Co. .^rtoware, to Brown * Pa:savlasrvtogs aad wbssbay, toGtobs ACo. mareaandaw, to saadcoatna, as the tenantsof Law, without the paymentSouth are Tliirlhiss saa are locatedtoNewYork,as,f1orexample,clothing,booto.and Bboca, baas, and to* trdry LecomptoB democrats at the flatten*! capital to defeat A v e a m e s . Frenchman named Pierre C Serre, residing at 87 Eighth thechoiceofDouglasdelegatestoCharleston, bytheIn- Yesterdaytheprincipalsuburban avenuesaftoedty, avenue,committedsuicideoaWednesdayeveningunderIhave,however,beenmakingteipoaafblosuppcotoon.vtt toai the while raoe M the Sooth, agamst their oonrns-boas,sadagainstthe*Ibbwtgbl,ibiialdbe«pjKshefltiott-sns.andabaadow totoeaogrowllltoglytoooatl,withaQto* wraith aad civdiaattoa which the tatelbgoaee of to* abe built up to Cbss HoBsit Shall our jobbers double perform tat bat stead, among ethers, toe covenants and white man has created or developed, aadwhich certainly, r buamees aad manifold their numbers* Whan they condition! above stated entered into by him with Law,of the Philadelphia Ledger says that the reception of MrMemminger, theCommissioner from SoutoCarolina,by tn*StategovernmentofVirginia,willtakeplacethaiweek, and his proposition for a Southern Confederation, sleighing carnival.wnoto asgro race (forty or tfty sadbona) to fifty aad sorbaps a hundred oanturias.sate be*ctuppoautg.oventhatagatostaQ .thenegrowouldnotBtooa resolution of the Board of Directors of the United States Mail Steamship Company. It is further averred thatSteo,thereeaatotogsawoat trua.onthe18thofJuly,eSasaaaatowS ti"lt fkeoyaf toefros eaaareamaTof'illaiboad,!* » « » *f ferry. uM*uy WOSMB aad ttoUdraa, arrivedFar b* it from us to strike a prostratek, however, that bis example be pondered; toe ofhiarailmaycarryitawarning through*h of the land. ofgtoag*J^w«kaowBOtwBkofasamstITOtolb*northern Meek _ *f Mrs. Yerby had sand* ef tosshated mischief is Rieb- eouaty Va., which hag eaased to* arrest of teaQaary*_that,Valparaiso, to ., from Rev Dr.O., asking a grant sf thesupplyef totheprogresstagunge of to* peepta there-atth*a**nd,aod» theScripturesit*>r*ad ^5j?*«*»»og bythe Ohioand Mmtiaaippi Rail-r—: " W t o i welceased by a eaavauttoe of ten.ap- prepare tor trial. FWtory records BO abBtoW hrutolKy.SMhuk,undersail,tasevendaysfrom Gennan,Swedish.Welsh,She put in for more ballast. The ofneora tar dtotribattoa at Ihighiy ofberOB board lMtons ballast, aad sail for fbr etoaributton Isjcortol toto BOBS*fnetur«,wiUbeeatoj>lBb*d here, and b<mdedwal riseBihiiBta _baaachof theirboosesinCharlestonwhenever the mar 18*0, byaninstrumentunderhisbandandseal,released k<*wlDwarrwntTradeIssensitive-itgravitates.andanddischargedLawfromallclaimsordemandsagainstrespect, and not without a certain degree of favor.dajabn skates at the Central Park to wofuUy deceived.toe cause of hi* sickness until a late hour in the ewhen ell chance of saving hto ate bad depeffort wasthea made to counteract tb*effects ef potooe.bntta vain, aa he died ta less than an boor afteralways will.avenues, and be will have the opportunity of seeing for himself There be may soon find himself to close proximity to a handsome "cutter," drawn by a couple offasthorses,sadoccupiedbyacoupleoffasteryoungWbool Ithaspassed;butfollowedcloselyby anotherofaboutthesamestyle,driven by"Dick,"who swearsatthetopofhisvoice,"ByJove,hecantbeat oar team—bet your life on that'" to which hie companionround in his book case after death. I f to tb* French language, and ran as follows —Maw Yes*, Jsartar 4, ltgt,A Mas Ear una — Voyantqaejeneputoparguerir,jemedonnetaBasrapour abrejer mas peine* flDaggg ApostmortemexamisslKmsfthebodyshowedthapresence af arsenic ta large quantitiestathe Thejuryrenderedaverdictof"Deathfrost1 mtatotored b y hto own band."•yi At Chartostowa he was totrodacad to Brows s counsel,not be granted, and that the liscbarged. Astoiscoa it become* linn'Hjessar)the ButotreaB ether qtmnoa*Xorfoa ia two or three daysthe SteamST Crusader, Lieut Maflt. left Havana $0tbaf****** 'OB Mo- id bvth*who expressed pleasure at seeing bin and ottered to re- the ease to hito. HesuAXestod theof thai coarse, butthey entire^ rofaBsatB I wasgrantidinjunction asked forelusion reaches the toexaminecrS t y ' s sew agent ta that cooutry.and eleven voluaaea ta rawed totters ' • the :upon how and at lengthened?ants seeking a market here. msday oraseason;butthecomataay time. Theextantof Ktpnty market here Is largetocreateaQthetrade this trade coBcaabeenamanofUghpBstiaaUBatomorality,aadwhileeditor of the2toajjew*toe/latraalwasa*deaaBBtotoryofallopposedtohimasanypersonthathaseverheldtoepontoon of editor in the State. The acts of others, whichdid act entirely coincide with hi* views and interest, who sits by his aide give* a nod of assent. But they aresaaa were thea used by the steamships run by the trus-conventions to select the delegates.DOCCLAS to SB Soxo Oft nv LYPI>ss—The Cincinnati Ma-who remain on the pond after the white pennant falls, do so at their own risktees, during the residue of the unexpired term Of theDiU.Z3ListDtUyatts.AaVrneAw. Wdham & Clark.FrederickW.Benry B WeeleyCameron.* A.PMiller.* Joshua Tbwnsend.* Wm Muageo,* Ferry Fa*.* Matthew Stork.B. F Runksil.* AlvaMJacaaon.* Wm. A . BatoaoaoB. B T Bingham.* Gee. a Smyth*,* Dr John TFt •J B Jeffries.*I. B Linn. Wm abtoa. Mr Harrw.* J. W. Oray* W. S Young* B C Potto.*areintenor retailer at the Snath will toll each goodwig extot eatabltthmesto in Caawtostoa for their supply. Charlestoamerchantsan likemerchantseverywhere— they will keep what people will buy, and it M perfectiy, attprlyidle10expectgaydflfcmtooodlliogv^111 iiianaantaaajiasiiiii inallIt,lliPTiV^ITI'-upon a bed to die. He refused to wecetve the 1• >» g^ uswfasasb aaiafl jhtotoak *BanBndBs»aniBftaraao rtlfl »lmportiog houses, agents of foreign and domestic manu- which aab) was oonanmmated and perfected by a unani- though not immediately embraced, will be treated with Any one who supposes that Young America spends htt of a physician during bis ifinest, and would not 1ap. d would ** a t ttopoatoble a* tor you, if vou had not there devoted to their manufacture, and so longbribe a portion of the Douglas delegates elected to the presented a most enlivening aad gay appearance. From peared , had long suffered from fits of nervous debJKy,wherewtoaitotaMyo*irhyTiothot»calekpb*ntfor*day, w atop him back to Africa or Aam.to so keep them to repair, to pay ell taxes, assessments and lawful charges, aad at the expiration of toe term to gurrenderupthepremisestolaw,hisheirsandassign*. It m thea aVcmd that on the 11th of April following Roberts sold Mm7,182sharestothe UnitedSutesMad gtoaasshtoCompany,upontheiragreeingtoassumeandState Convention. SOCTBXBBOtwrtEEaACT.—TheWsahtagtoacorrespondentmorning till night nothing was to be heard but the sound ofthemerrysleighbell,ortheloud,joyouslaughofeach pleasure seeking party, as swiftly and smoothly they were borne along over the crisp, hard packed surface of snow,eocb.nodoubt,resolvedtomakethemostoftinsand was much depressed ta spirits ta consequence. Oat WednesdaymorningheaddressedaBOB*tohtoitaaghtar and son-ia law, who resided at the aame boas* wtth bim, informing them ef hto determination to t andtheniwallowingtwoouncesofarsonbun, growing oat of aaything done by him under the trust; s a d it * further averred that part of theexpendi tores of the trustee fbr improvements made before Law aoid the 7 IBS shares to Roberts, and ia lieu of rent, and that the tHUMinhig part was made under and in oonforrm tywiththecovenantsassumedbytheUnitedStatesMail Bbjaaaahaa Ccmpaay to Roberts place *nd stead. From these averments it appears that the oeit qui trusts if theybadaayclaim to thee*premises under the trust, have rehnquBhed It and have distinctly recog-of Maine.2rom the Portland Argus, Jan. a.)feeling of mingled aurprise and sorrow that we heard the firstrumors of the defalcations of toe State Treasurer, and these feelings have not diminkwtod, as farts have gradually come to light amfirmiug the first ru morstothafullextent,endmora,itiabelieved. Mr. Peak, or Oder Peck, a t b e baa usually bean called, ha*crowdsaatheymovealonganyoftheabovementioned thedisclosurelb*notereferredto1toi* were so, it cannot be claimedithat they assumed the relation of law* tenant, aad the performaace of toe covenant entered into by Roberts, •roorant of the•i their rarhts- The release of Sloo shows that it 1a suit bad been Instituted by him Court, and that tt was aas m could be, dtoehai from all claims or demands of every kind aadhworinequity.which ^«^.^w«?r ^',^, 5»* of any inatter, cause or thing, from tae bepnniag of the worid to the day of the date of this release, front which avermentsitappearsthatbothparties,SlooandtoeUnited StatesMaMm'ssaahliiCompany,actednnderstandingly.were7*sThold they were, competent t* place themselves •n such a postttoa, (Brice vs. Stokes. T1-, Sea.819*, I douwraTTth* representatives of toetr rights aadThe answer *f Law to, to myoesnton,* full ptetedeaialofUtoeaoity of the bill, and show* thatthefrieaas ruined, iamUy disgraced; it • id, aad one.individual tattieupon the object of atduring the esattagyear of 1846, w esbeen required to coax the _of speed* aU rassntottag a trot la a ward, itaepagaaofBkMe dtotxibution ta tnatfor the Blind at Arkadelpbia. *»r a grant sf Bibles for thetheir happy •fleet; from Rev. Or toad, oocaaaeadiag to la* notice oi toe DO Mora, who to BOW ta ton ettyPOLITICAL INTELLIGENCE.•**WB~I Tr~>rv**>r'>rbi'^*^aBat^»ru ijVto.»MS-Jafea Y , Savage,4—John Retry,*—Isaiah Ryadera,$• John Cochrane.7-Nei*onJ. Waterbsry, Was. 19. MelMyr*. *~Inward Cooper, Andre FroaneO.Dtoricts.=££»; — 1ochrane.James L. Seward, John W Kvans,F 1 Strchecker, W.ELFeatbentoB. W. T. Weflbrd, Suaaner J. Smith,L H. Brwcos, D.CBarrow.MiSBinnm. AT LAWiK. AU Jen. Davs.plank which should be used before stepping on the ice Second precinct, on a charge of embezzling funds from No tohaceo, secar stomps, paper, nutshells or other arti- Messrs. Wardell A Co , of No. 60 Maiden lane. The ac-cle shoeId be dropped and left on the ice Dense crowds cused was employed as a bookkeeper and clerk in thashouldbeavoided. Eventhickk*isliabletocrackso abovebouse,anduymeansoffalseentries,aaitaalleged, thatblocksareformedwhichmaysuddenlytip,ifammb*r of persons happen uyrowd on one side of them, sub- he managed to defraud bto employers out of various sumsmerging them all. The park keepers are provided with of money, amounting in the aggregate to $383 be. Thaabundant means of rescue in case of accidents. Cautions police succeeded in recovering $371 ot tiie money from to*or directions from a park keeper should ta aay ease Bowery Savings Bank, wherertbadb.«udeposited far safebe immediately complied with- The vicinity of la- keeping by the prisoner. Justice Cjnnolly committed borers engaged in cleaning the ice, A c., should Elmore far examination.AlternateAVemctm.toewa, loe.to compel a trustee to g;ve up property purchased m his 4—J. R- Davis, C t. Hook- Wirt Adam*, Joseph Mo white pennant is not flying- A red pennant over the insured. The origin of the fire was said to be accidental.Sorra CABOU5A a vm CniaiaKroa CoavmmaBi'hirty seven out of one hundred and sixty-Bine members of the South Carolina Legislature have been willing to unite in a recommendation that the State be represented in the Democratic National Convention at Charleston next April. There is much feeling ta the State against any re-Law, of landing sad receiving freight and passengers atand from lb* wharf, and of occupying toe storehouse democratic party organ ration to Souto Carolina, these Uie journey thither. A white pennant on the pond will without having permiasoB so to do. Justice Steersgive assurance that the ice is souad, if not glib. Those•pan the premise* in question, in the manner tn which the thirty-seres (members of the LegisJature cute m ^calling mitted the prisoner tor eaaatination.OnlyIf therebesuchaperson,let himjusttakeasleighand The Defalcation *>fthe State Treasurer pairat anyof the liverystables,aad followthe steadyflr stocks readily ex nised as against themselves Law's exclusive ownership. will directly estabbsh agenciea aad property to the premieee. The United States Mail were assailed with severity; optnWis differing from hia almost out of sight in a few minute*. Then comes another— — — — ~ — — i $half past sour P. tt. , tadby WOhaaaB.Hall and Petotiah Th* death efthe General,tarein' taCoaiwere received from Rev tota, Brownsville, Texas, ta regard toan original market limited only SbtoBtotdp Company deliberately assumed the relation of LB! and extent of its custom. Our harbor is Law s tenant, and the pstformanoe of a oevenaat wfakshTfes The stated nounced with a bitterness of vituperation seldom, if ever, B ooBtatas, to addition to ita rich draperies of fur. Bible House,ample, and all original facilities provided nberaQy by na tore.Mr-ie would not •peakar>wplamwordsaboutto*Itwasdifltealtmthaidaytohe but be thought be could• to give aa account of tjto VQalaA&*^aa1aB*r Saw ODeSAw*s*N last (J*vaanwAs t*iwasputontrmloontrarytotheovihsed Besots; when he was bring atok oa his oat; to aae day after hi?mdictin*Bt; wflhootttme ^B^eBoa*Blortwo ladies, a ranttswian and a little boy. all ef whom have comfortably ensconced themselves behind the store said fura. alio*tag merely the eyes, or possibly the Up of thenone,tobeseen. Onelooksadmiringlyforanimuani on that turnout, aad immediately seta it down at belong- ing, to some Fifth avenue pater rsmOiai, who has just takes the family out for aa airing—or rather, perishingtub Company knew the faci to be that be who runs may read. Bold dishonor and ruin are run before tbesleigb with a eoupl hi totTsaswer of Law ; Bad V emblaaoned ta letters large enough for all to see. The bat, for certainly aomeibound thsm to surrender op the premttes to him at theexpiration of the term which ha* now expired, and Stoo ha* released sad discharged him from all obligations of aaykiadunderthetrust Thecetfquitrust*were notof that class over whom a Court of Equity watches with such vigilant guardianship at not to permit them to transfer or dispose of their right. They could act for themselves ^TB. KinaaviBarb ,»» C, 494),and their acta(Stuart vs. aJBam,2Barb.,H. ti, «»•), ana tneir acts show vary clearly that they, the parties ultimately into rested, did not understand that they had aay right or claim to to*** premawe, or If they had that they saw fit, <,>r ••••naw which were satatfactory to them, to relmB • averred that the United Statesequalled, the motives of men not of his own party wereOWB,particilarly OB the Maine Law question, wore de- sleigh, bat of more gorgeous style and equipetaenta.unpugned with almost fraaUc ferocityMen, venerablefor their yean sad honoredlaiiMlBlaa which every goodwhich they bad illustrated in their daily walk to the high,est stations of church and State, did not escape the venomof bis merciless attacks. But the battle west on. This,too,has passedon. Halloo! what have wehere* Vice From the pulpit to the editorial chair, arid from the Utter Something fancy. It a a oencb-a Neptunes car ta D.D. to theState Treasury, this self constituted public censor shape drawn by a pair of handsome grays. It hasof the morals and sejhjtnn of the community mad* hi*way, supported at every stop, aad put forward by thosewhose views and prifeasions agreed with hiaown,untilthe catastrophe has now come. The tree has borne itsfro*. Comment is uncalled for. The liaanii is so plain earring tb* additional expanse ofnesro men b y toe Svtl autoeritiea. The icveatigatioas, ak,fsrasrataa.W./TUntitled Documentwhtoshatsaitba*ttoow»»«H,haveia«jea*sdtheaobei- tud«ofther«opie.Thomas M. Tryniski 309 South 4th Street Fulton New York 13069The rjnltei States gunboat Wyeatiag arrived atBto Janeiro h'svember id.It was eejeaeragtag tost tha year was very targe, interestingipsssad too quickly for a description. Now comes, e w denOy, a back sleigh. It is dragged along by a couple of poor animals resembling horses, s i a pace that would have warranted the four gentlemen who occupied it la taevery rivalling one benand of every grade of fmiaeito the apart was the 0 tstatsfeihadtosassiaef to* etty. A aaaas s f ' to be met withtaeverymSJSLthestageiMtelllgotace.Thenewi Sterner r^oaecol*. Captain Glynn, arrived atGrants of bocks were aaade fbr the attar^ **for the mawton at Aroot I www.fultonhistory.comm 