 \Ithe flowing black locks, protuberant nasal appen- proper, for obvious reieottt, and to guard against interruption in tbe affair, th*t some one other than a Member of ComrreHK ahouH"?*..A.wri.wiik.V^. SUMmfmmu»m>m^pmfm>.-.•.-->•'••'•m kites •saw--, "atrationsbc^naet?" Each manmuatahswerfor-COL. LANDER TO MR, CHISMAN. \ . WAsaiNGTON, D«C^8a.m, A-prtfl3,I860.fled to the chaparral, and some ehnt themselves np in ^ &_ iffte„tw a » »bie t back and forth many nmee, ^^{ntrnv with a *»yrotechn1c diep&yV.I .representativesoftheNorthofIrelandandofScot-•"*ThatisPotter1"andsoonthespectatorsfrbrn•aridoutrageousinanyNorthern^^consUtinMioyto^nr ibnorWbe,mb»tre«poctfnlIy,'•. land in our Hue of Ocean steamers; end this is per- bove were bending over to catch a better view of %®tin its represented ; :•.••i^-for the late crisis, it is this which has wrought so a step in advance of the counst-'i.s of more forbear- goDtlom*D," ,from jour friend (*!r [*ott«r youstate that your«t--fMr. Young ha»m-%and another telegraphic pro-ject, which it is'Understood he will bring before t'ne such a general and extreme elongation of counte- designs, circumventing their schemes, and humblingStSlit: Will you have the kindness todesU/nateaphibeoutaide tbe District ol Columbia, and the time, wbea and where there may be further con^apondeno© between na?. I n,a.ve the. •>forced upon the .ci^BentaUveB.ot-.j^''^3izafi6n a fight with bowie-lraiveo.':-; •-•>-' r • 2?Q*^*in£&J& -te-fifty yards, fired npo» t5e corrahi occupied by the and 66»t it home with a oiow. V frtrtvrtnreof->'.'jj*&K$8.4-• TORONTO,Apr312,1860."••'•wiojposBeBaflthebrutalforces'andinstinctsofitssupporterB.and,moreover."-craivesthe.uwallastresortofthenon-daelUt," theartertionW hewiU defend hiotelfwheneverwsalled,I •mustterminate this oonw|H»d«ee.^tt-ih».«)wrtton of myhad m&aria member Dnrfnir! mm >3P««ta»»twr^kmeralSmithhatagainstartedfor•Bwfca*,<robwinewcounecteawiththeCanadianfck«fooe*n steamship*. T h e object of his visit is ^jggBftM: to arrange for the vessels ealting at a por; E the northoflwlMia, and to advooitethe granting totkt» a»imperial sabaidy. Deny h the port *twhichitisdesiredtohavethevesselscall,atall «ea»OBSoftheyear,andthisport iti«intendedtojojf^gislation,and;essaysto ^•violence,and bloodshed,-'i'Tho';-:\que;Btaon^is^^hiji8our-brihcinal*inthemanner"QBualamonggcntlemon,"which manner,thoughyourprincipaldetestsandabhorsitasborbarona and inhoman, would fleem to men of plain aennenot more oo than, i^4««tvenhytheMeadcooa,andeverythingindicated', .. brothei-in-Uw«avethelietoAwitnew,"onrathtnreoccasionIwffl | f f i i ^ | H P | H ^ ^I&»• jeot,jeot. and show the various views that are expressed.„ District tle^m^.V"nnifreth"ewDhMich mode of8thai a ; portion of the NaUo««»i, w e » t to England.r >• . -wer^ ththegnr^mw thepicketrnh^ntothecamp,heardtheI,*gaharavi>le,Ohio..Tney nao^»rr' *las*..-.•This afternoon, ahont tw o o'clock, a£f> Potter of connectwithSootUndbystealers. WheathisinWisconsin,afteranabsence oifforty-eight hours*iwicciamh; bint upon the mode of resistance there is 'a©atural 'lackofunanimity. While^ne>iaa^orsertionthatyourprincipalshallnotmeetMr.Potterwithbowie- kniv«*,maaTBgassurancedoublyaare,: I baveto correct anim- prcssionlhaveopparentlyconveyed/a»,my_lastletter-^anex-were there; apon which thetr arroa and other property- - * — - ""-**'•• ^"iSatorday; Sunday w*« passed in ^reatenings aridin..regardiDgit.FROMWASHINGTON.•...;fe A»PEAR.iNCEOPTHEHOUSEWHENPOTTEItEN-TERED-TT ON H18 RETURN PROM THE W A R S - DEBATE ON HIS RESOLUTION POR A CLERK OPV> '' {; ; ; , . ; - ^ r ' v ^ ^ g ^ ^ j L ^ i ^ - — * ^ h i w a 6re# 5badly tbo Other dayB.JSCOMMITTEE.WASHINGTON.Ajpl t ^?vB !'..tiiov.-individuafts.themselves.• o ' v""v;:THKHON.•%P.'•CHi'SMAH^&r.«••Ideceivedyourtillafterth^eofficerincommandhadeurrendered,that the-wholeaffairWindinW"TM*TMverted over the Fort William route. There is a Committee needed a clerk. Barksdale, the vo- of Hon. Thorr-as C. Hindman. invitee a " cosrespondence" s, large number of French fishing vessels in the Gul ciferous, and Burnett, the dogged, opposed the mo- to be hereaftsr conouoted ont»ir!«j of the Distric* ol "oiam^ia,evidently to avoid on jonr part certain penal iea imposed by I w . of St. Lawrence, and, if they were encouraged to tion, but were careful to une the most respectful ( reply t>.«t tbe Constitution of Wisconsin allows mo no esss-pe'•~c&ae -to Ga*pe, they wight bring back cer- language toward Potter. H e very seldom address- from tne corii-eqoencea of snch a " corxespondrEiso" as yousoum to rf>nt<-mp!«te whenver it msy bo conducted. I therefore in- tain French goods, and thus tend to develop, es the fious*; but ever since his encounter with form you thot *uch " farther correspondence " ws you may wishma'ed as high ae 500 men. I do not think, however forgiven her sins, and she could not be content to leave that theeo reports are very reliable, although tbey are the world till Bbe bad acknowledged her Lord beforea direct trade between the two countries. The K'itt and his backers, two years ago, whenever it to mate, m^y bo d-Hverni to my iriend Col. F. W . bander.in the vicinity of Rsynoea, wish about seventy Rang ere, and entered that place and demanded of the au- thorities of the rown the surrender to him of some twenty five or thirty men who, tbe Captain h>id good reason to know, had been in the serwee of Cortina.duriDg tbe Crimean war, and an attempt i* to be made by Mr. Gait to have it removed altogether. Thenegotiationsfortheformationofacommercial treaty are to be carried on "by our Gov- ernment through the French Consul at the port o f Quebec, a functionary whoonly took up his residence there last year.- all relationsbetweenCanadaandFrancebeingbroken np a century ago on the conquest of the country by England. 'Ibus Canada is about to perform au act of sovereignty—the formation of a treaty with a for- eign nation. Something of this sort she has already been doing, in the recent arrangements entered Into with Ihe*United States,, Prussia, and Belgium for the. convey mce of mail matter across tbe Atlantic. England-was not well pleased with some of these arrangements, but our Postmaster-General, alterI have tbohonor to be,very rwapeitJohy. &c, Hon.ROOJEKA.PKYOK JNO.F. POTTER.He bequeathed a sum of 50,000f. ,to the commune of Engbien upon trust, to pay the interest thereof, every year to some well-conducted girl for her marriage por- tion, but upon this condition, that the maiden to be an- nually elected, shall, in the month of M*y, place a gar-—A strange disagreement basexisted forsome time between Gov. Stewart, of Missouri, and the Legiala* ture of that State. In consequence of differences of opinion between them the regular session of the Legis-Orand, carried the day, much to the chagrin >f that seif-eufficient man, Lord Elgin, who threw every possible obstacle in the way of the arrangement with xSr&nce. I t remains to be seen whether any objec-tion will be taken to ourforming a commercial treaty with France; but if there should be any objection of this-hind,itwillbemetbytheunanimousassertion onthepartofourLegislatureoftheright to form uuch a treaty. -went off into the usual buzz and turmoil while Bur- await a r«-ply to the note you have ftvorod mo with, for a short F.W.LANDERturned as^an ultimatum, that unless the authorities were when the mother nam«d it " Lu«y," by which name itprepared ro accede to his demand on the morning of was cbrittened. At the conclusion of the ceremony, the 6th, (to-day), h* would cross the river iota Revbosa the mother informed the minister that she had made aand enforce it. The force unaer. command of Stone-man amountB to Homething upward of three hundred eerioua mistake. I t s name should have been Elizabethtion to this summons^—-We have already noticed the recent publication of Humboldt's private correspondence, with various rec- ordsofbisco*vernationmadebyVarnhagenvonEase. Thefollowingextractsaretakenfromthebook:" General Leopold von Gerlach, who is fond of hisjest, took the liberty lately of venturing an attacktost.x; .hid. In order to entitle homesteads to the exemp- tion they mutt be registered for that purpose; the personalpropertywillbeexemptedwithoutsuchaprocednre. A tew years ago a similar bill wasscouted out of the Assembly, and it would probablythe date of the brutal attack upon Senator Sumner untilno«v,andstungtothequickbythesystematic at*emp8 at affront and bumL'iatiou practiced upon Northern forbearance all through the session, thetally and word, as between principal seconds, to be decided by turning a piece of money. 1 have tho honor to be moat respect-them,andsaythatStonemanhadsentforsomepiecesof artillery. If this should prove true, it will be kno wnto poiuc out how I migot try to push my fortune iuthf woild.' Taeearninghypocritewasstruckdumb. Humboldt assured me that, but for his connection witknow receive no greater degree of favor were it not manly instinct of Mr. Potter prompted him to takeready been acotfliet between ourtroopsand the people COL. F . W . LANDER—Sir:. In response to the de- of Reynosa. Wiatlhave stated cocoes in a reliablequainted with the names of his viB*tora he would at once have claimed the Royal clemency;. but in this they were quite mistaken, for upon being informed that ho was cetaining tho future King of Englaud, he re- marked: "Prince or no prince, I'll have my money."would not be tolerated either BO soon as ho wore t* lose the projection and halo of his position." ;'4 Tbe abi iiie« of one of the * * * prince3wa» the subject of conversu»ion, and the general opimof was that tbey were of a very ordinary km,d. tlum? boldt contradcted. ' I must "dispute that,' said he; 1 tbe young Prince, lately spoke with me; he mef m<>(Committee."Howmuchvirtue,tosomeeyes, there is in the gleam of a bowie-knife !heme able to find Mr.Potter -un article in The Star causing him having a brush with the red tapists of St. Martins le information. The manner in which the House to chengrt hisplace ofm.eting -1 amcompelled to reqaeet you'to—Recently, an infant w a s brought to a church near railroad depot with another proclamation from tho previbufcly demanded. The autnorities then asked London to be christened. The minister proceeded withgreat &ci.ange in the opinion of this branch of the ing men. But for what he hasdoue the .sympathy principal, " disclaiming tb»jpaxtic>d8rru)«9 oi thecode. wUl ii;btHOD. i*ojeJ A. Pryor with tbe common bo^ie-knife, etc., OJC-" Legislature. It remains to be seen whether tbe of the whole Republican party in Congress goes out Kot i<'C0«Di2ing thlu vulgar, barbarous, and inhuman mode ofhill will be found equally acceptable to the other in warm and heaity support. It is perfectly well settling diilic.ltltiH as either usual umorg i»entleui"n or con«istent Hotis*. It is possible that (Jtey may reject it, and with the notions of eivilized society, i mnnt, without roforxlngthere-wag an idea of adjourning ov<r till the visit of thePrinceof-Wales;butsincethatevent-.Willnot fakeplacetillAuguat,anadjournmentbecomesouthanking system. In a previous letter, i stavwljustice. Congresshasbecomelittlebetterthanadonofsuit.I'itr'Wmanyft?lb*>icruples'whichhaveactuatedmy nl*X'd Mr..Potter. Differing with mm as much *s a mun can iu p'liii^*-.IbftliovewitbhirathatevrryiUnciicancitizeniuen-pallid and in elegiao attitudes, ho once more presidednowattractedallParis." towaboutthep^ranids." wmytmusof*ihe question.The Finance Mm'^ter has trrtwhieeA'to.i}> M'ft- flict. The representative Of all that is hideous in1havethehonortobe,veryroHiieotfally..,'",,'. F. \V. LANDER.MR. CHISMAN TO COJ.. LANDER,a&idChurchinit*'»all other white 'to birth notices thaiand of course of friction, of irritation, and of con- js-afore a measure for revolu'ioij'/Jng tne wboly our gjgani.-c barbarism of Slavery comes to the sur-whatsomeofit*.leading provisions'wouid5ej-. - - -,uttivckCortina,Oartroopsheardhisspiesintha<mthe ccmmon.way. Having some cause of oomploiut anework; I c*ll it a stupid one, and, j u d ^ f b v l ? It appears that the commander of the Mexican against the authorities, he revenged himself by the contents a treacherous one; i t proves how ioi*>"1318H« iraties'dfihe casemusfcbeleftto shapetheirown;i;e-increase the amount o f postage which our bers rushed forward to greet him; and soon there |-salts. It is difficult to anticipate them. 1One thing at the disposal of Mr. Pryor in regard to a personal com-England. This arrangement will considerably v;mem-mere eosertion, and pkced himself so far as he coulddown the river escorting the steamer Hanchero, and camped at the Ballitas. A t L a Balsa they killed thearated them.T h e temperance cause new1 g H K Thecontestribemg to ;see whether Slayery |«p^it.;how-'6whpies,:the question is ohe that.rousesfightingI haverefused to accedeihimself.r0f ^coursethei^^^^Si^ii^^a^^^^..^oYto^r-^^^y^, last»oteat'7i,otlockthiamorning. InItyon;reiterateyouras-the jocalts. and were made?£?rJsoner8.. Andit waa^not» - . --*! theylearnedthataportionoftheNationalGaards;*•can8edbythenpeettmgoftwohotstoveg.Pour Mexicans were killed, aud our party lost fora From I * Mesa our forces returned to the river, andfacerecogiizedythanascore of Repuhlioanwas a universal uprising on that side of the Cham- [•atteast is sure. There is a point which allmen bat, >byno mtens believe that he will not defend himself. I beg celebrated thief and cut throat, Panstmo, Cortina a -been the greaU^t sufferer. ' .—Several years since, Beverly Edwards of Henrj> atead County, Arkansas, supposing be had killed a maae<andhasnoi^a;ng&t> fl * been seen since. Theh>>wxe%manrecovered, and now thefamily of Edwarfa aire ^iceedingly anxious to hear tome-news of thefr^•ong-lost relative. ."-fit maybesatisfactory to the ladiestolearn that, at the last Queen's drawing-room in London, there were some strikingly beautiful faces among the dtbu-•.'SBetxrf :m6E,believes the barbarians shbnhi'he^hielis pwswrion also refetrred to in_your note. I t appears by my Joor hours* later intelligence firooa Scotland, aud without being heralded, in hisusual quiet manner^ •wtQi-their own weapons, others insist uhon hdltihg statement tirat "Mr. Potter waives the usual lost resort of tho: oon-duelist, tbe assertion iHat he will defend himBelf whenever t©givealikeadvantagetosomepart*of takingtheHousebylurprise. Nosoonerwashis,*DcivilizedandChristian'methodBi:.;.Th)ei-iic^BBi<-BflBailed,"hasledyoutobelievethathewillnotdefendhimselfdene, ottr vesse's will he able to brin,!; ttfenty-eotered the House of Repreeentatives. H e came inTemperance met in tbe «tre^ theonearmed mtn aThasteamersreceive,anditwiMalsoadd,ina or-i€spending degree, to their general btt*iae.:a ber, Potter retreating to the cloak-room, and the •recognize as one where forbearance ceases to beav .protect himself with honor whenever assailed. It also becomes Indian captain. On the 19th they left theriver,andto-aswreyou;withoutconsultingwithmyprincipal,thathewillcrowd' following. The salutations were hearty and [v'fdrfae.' Under the extraordinary cireumstanees of my duty to inform you that theHon. John Potter did not know at Eancho Maguey killed a Cortina m a n w h o firedHisperformanceofthisservicefortheNorthofgeneral,eventhedoorkeepersandpagesparticipat-[thepresentconditionofthingsinCongress,everyofaayoffertoappearforhim.Thefurtherremarksofyourlet-,uponthem;Onthe20thtbeyreachedtheCayutanoIreland and Scotland is expected to strengthen the ; ter being inere express'"*TM, of opinion upon a mode of adjusting ing in the enthusiasm. hxnan should be allowed to be his ownjudge what •difficulties, tbepropriety cf which we are notdiscussing, I haveclaim to an Imperial subsidy. It wid interest the It was whispered from lip to lip in the galleries^ *that point is in his own case. It would be harsh ©otbing to offer in reply. I have the b<Bancho,(fortv miles from the Rio Grande del Norte,aud, failing toifind Cortina, returned to tbe San Lorenzo the same evening. A t Eatamitas they found.a detach- ment o j Mexican National Guard, some twelve miles nearer the river than they-had been. Onthe ^lst,. mhaps the bebt argumeat that can be used with the Imperial Government. It was ie obtain political support, beyond all doubt, that the subsidy washe scene transpiring below. s. ^ «sttchaiirne. -. .„,-.;. % :'..••* .•••-'*-""'• --•-' ,-•- ' ; :"_". •'"":"''' " A CARD FROM MR. CHISMAN. - y. \ ."%; :For an hour or more before Mr. Potter came in, . ...^^ ^gj^articul'.ir instance of Mr. P^ter^it ia he termination of his affair with Pryor was-the. well' understood, t|at .thejee^are^wretched houndswIn rnrther explanation of Mr. Pryor'8 position in pursuance of aji order fyom^Jdi^rMtw^inaaj the controversy witb Mr. Potter, I doem It:proper to m*ke pob- ' e t o e d tc-^he American side prthe river..they f ^?£*t£ feareful to suffer no one to moleftt the person or prop*grantedtotheLe^rrline.Buttheclaimsoffoe tomebyMr.Prjor,inAlexandria,and,athlnurgemjett iamte*',•tbatwhitewastbefavoritecolor,thoughheremt.ch stronger grounds. Wbvu the teiegrarh. isun«nimi us remonstrance of H o n Me 8rs Lumar, Ke'tt. and Miie» I determined totake tbe responsibility ol withholding it. It reads as lollows:Prince e^ery week; the intelligence) being only six days old at farthest.mains of some favorite member; but he has never ern man who holds or may hold a similar one, is witi;essed upon the Democratic side o f the tiying in the extreme. B^set by bullies and assassins House, and especially among the Chivalry, on the onehand whoseek hislife for opposing-theirstrict your liberty'' of speech as a Representative. I do not qntstion your priviltaes i n that regard. I omy intend to Mindbsale mv owncharacter ag*to»t an aspersion which you interpolate* withont warrant in the offi ;tal report of the i «-l'B,'fs in tb« bouse of Ropr^vet.U.i-iyes, and forwhiob you r^fuw'd any amlog". ^rotestiu* agai'-st tho termt of combat you offer- first, o«-caune-they do noi afford me ch« " sstisfaction usual among gentlemen," which you ea<z*ged to accord me byyour acceptance of my challenge; secondly, Secau^e they at* in- human, atrocious ana repuguaut to all tho sohttmenta of a civil- ized cornu.unity ; tfcir^iy, bvcause, by reason of yo'ir grea'ly su- perior *-ze and »t-rwfttb. they deny toe «very c.>nditlon of equal encounter—i evortbeless, 1 oo accept your terTie and will fight youasyoupropo.eo. MyM-ndMr. Chismau isauthorized to arrange ihe details of time ani p ace." Before concludirg, 1 mast assure you that in tho use of every weapon fave one, the pistol, you hav« at least us much expert- nrs« and expn«ei.ce as myself. T o this n o . e I require a reply in >ouro*nname" I have th« honor to bo, very wspectfu'lj n"Hon. JOHN F. POTTKU." " ROGtilR A. ?kyoRMr.tryor,beingunabletofindafriendwhowonldcarrytbe tibove note, handed m e tue following, which I agreed to deliver to Mr Potter.•' Apitrr. 14, I860." Silt: I seize the earliest opportunity after my return to the city, M>d an-exoneration ©f the correspondence beitw^eu Mr. Xsnrier ato Mr. Chiwnsn in reference to the difficulty between tih, to respond,to tt-eiutimstion oonta»ij«d in your second's last note Although your proposed term* of combat were rejected bymyfriniidwithoutconference"wi^.hme,yetihuveuoa-.terna-tiveno*leftbuttosubmittol>iedeoUion 1find,however,in yourr^iber >-igniflc«iit and emphatic proclamation of a purpose to deiend yourself against attack, Borne fuint possibility of a set- lleme« t oilce controversy betweea ur. Act ng on that tngges- llcn, I'beg to inform you that if you will, within tb« next curee•f life; but-the two schemes will stand a fair chance of being regularly pitted against one another.Our Minister of Finance proposes to enter intonegotiations with France for the purpose >f en-of his drooping sympathizers in the other wing of the Chamber.The subjoined correspondence took place in consequence of certain vordi uttered in the Houne of K.«s.prea«mavefl, b«tweea Messru. Prj or and Potter. Mr. Hindman, aatppears froai mem- orandum (marked'*), b<iDg compeile i to return home Mr Keiit receivefromMr.LauderMr.Potter'sfirstnot«,withtbeuo- de'atandinjt that he wn* to band it to Mr Miles, who delivered ittoJV<r.Pryor. AnMr.Lander distinctlystatea to Mr.K.ei:tcorres-hundredubject of anxious comment upon the Democratic upon histrack from Hisown State, now here, whoside of the Hall. Heads in clusters of throes and _egg on the Southern bullies to press him to theCanadian Uneto m Imperial subsidy will rest wnon lours were in earnest but subdued'cogitation; and point of re/nstance, first, in the hope he may beHon. Mr. Yoang, of Montreal, has gone to England crously grave and deprecatory. usually,|by 2 These devilish purposes have thus far been baffled,I sgrt'+d. apainst my own judgment,'to deliver it to Mr. Potter;eny of a t y peaceable Mexican. - . Altbdnkh the Mexican National Gaards were out at 'ho j-sme time searching for Cortina, their search w a s confined to the rewr of onr troops, and genejal'y be- tween t U m and Matamoros; and had nrevionely beenmad* mostly in froit of Capt. Ford^s eamp.From all this, it appears that the Mexican National.Gnard are not very enthusiastic or trnstworthy aliiea against the marauder. The paper last quoted has alJOGov. Trevino is extremely anxious for sach a consum- mation, but if he ha* been iacr^dulous npou the. point, Mvefcaveno doubt that the affair of tbe I7th met, at La Mesa, where a portion of the force sent from Mau-N moras to attack Conina were found by our troo»;a m his o*»p, half an hour before dAybrenk, will satisfy him that tbe Mexican soldiery are-Cortina men., Cfrpt. John S. Foro, of the Bangers, arrived in our city yesterday morning, having just returned from nls scout into Mexico. He marched one hundred miles in two days on that trip, and if reports from the other side of tbe river are true, came very near catching CortiDa Dapping. .The s»earner Arizona hasbeen chartered to bnn? a company of light artillery to this place, on her next trip.Col.Leeis.onhiswaytothisplacewithtroop*. He comes via Laiedo.and there appeared a dotted dress or two of last year's favorite hue, mauve; tbat green w a s also much worn; that feathers were tbe rage, and that roses were tbe most fashionable flower; that Lady Gertrude Amherst wore a costume very ta*tfcfuUy relieved by silver and blue flowers, and tbat she wore no jewelry? and that there were a few black dresses, the most striking being* those worn by the Counters of Fi<e and Lady John Russell. All of which The Ccurt Journal tell* us.—Mies Elizabeth Paxf-on, sister of . Sir Joseph; Paxton, of Crystal Palace fame, hwjusteueda rever? end chaplain of the English army for « breach of piomiae of ma'ri^g^. t'he. damages were laid at $15,0G0i Judgment went by default, and a Court of Inquiry was instituted to assess tbe damages. From, tue statement of the plaiutiff's counsel, the letters ojf the defendant, and the evidence of Sir Joseph Paxtwa(who w&s the only witness called), it appeared that tie parties became acquainted with each other in^.853, when Mies Paxton was twenty-four, at Gores, in ths Connty of Wexford, wbero theyoung lady was a com- panion in the family of Mr. Rand, a Roman CatbohV family. T h e defendant preached a t D r . Newlanfa Protestant chape), and there met with the plaintiff. Pro posals were made, and the defendant applied fi June last to Sir Joseph Paxton to use his influent* to obtain a living. T h e defendant h a d $1,500 a y«J as an aimy cbapiaiUj and was a widower without child,andbewasnbout38yearsofage. Thedefend- anturgedthemarrioge,aoditwasflaredforJuly,fit Joseph Paxton made preparations for the weddingtfl tuke.place at hia hoube in Berkeley-pquare, when ut matterwasbrokenoff; hewd bohadneverixxm.W defendant. The plaintiff's counsel asked for substanal damages, and denied that $1,500a year was n«a enflicient sum to aarry on. if the defendant coiU not pay-in puree he most pay in person. Ths defeat ant bad stated that be owed $2,900, but that-wasIB justification for his conduct. The defendant'* counj* admitted a promise, and he said there were no imffr tationacn the young lady. Tbe same conss still e>' isted which had prevented the marriage, and that wathough there was an occasional waive of the hand killed out; «f their way, and next, that if he escape, completed to Belle Iale, we s>-all bo regularly *n.re- or other impatient gesture, indicating indifference they can attack hkn at home for repelling his assail- ceipt of intelligence from Ewopein 5£ or 6 days. or contempt even, yet the general aspect was ludi- ants in the only way he considers left open to him." VIRGINIA, 12 o'clock, April 12,1860. "Sin: T avail myself of the earliest moment after -a report from my friend Mr Chismon to s»nd you this note. Inconse- quence of the impossibility of ooininuui'ating with m® myfriend has b*-tr> compelled to proceed without conference in the several steges of tnis contriver* y . H o has acted in m y behalf from the bi^b^st iinpulseii of honor, aod in obeI'ence to the rule* wb<ch povrrn the conductof gentlemen in the settlement of personal diffiorlties. Neveiibelestr , I cannot abide h i s deai«iom~~^^be«ne*s connected with thro extension of the' lineo'clock p, m.,the mass of.the Democracy gets to be though not ended, so far as his life is concerned.•ef telegraphy and I believe a great effibrt will be hilarious, not to say jolly: The writer hereof has If he should survive their machinations, the otheroften been present when solemn and touching pray- ordeal is still to bo met, and in undergoing that, ifmade to have it effected before the arrival of the ers were put up by gifted chaplains ror tiie souls of he should be allowed to live to do it, he will de-Prince of'Wales, on his -visit to, this cosntry. I nthat case> the Queen mother can hear from t h e pressive funeral rites were performed over the re- heart. His position, and that of every other North-,«of tbe I2th, w e leara that the Governor of Tamanlipa* has ordered that Cortina and Ins band »hall be ^igoronely pnrsned until tbey are completely exterminated. W e bave no donbt tnathonorable gentlemen; and occasionally, when im- serve the sympathies and support of every generous Before formallv accepting your terms ofcouibnt, I mint repelthe intizuation convey Ad in the note of your fdend, Mr. Lander, Jo tbe effect tbat I am seeking in some way to re-the follow ing: From the Prisma,nacce as was exhibited to-day. W e doubt whether their pretensions, he is pursued on the other by project of SWIVr, Tibbets &, Oe., or something the observant eye of Lavater himself ever saw sev- hypocritical and malicious doughfaces, who will very like it. Th«.*>lan is to sink «. cable from the enty men whose combined faces displayed so many aim to make his very merits criminal, that they feet, lineal measure, as theirs. Nor did the glow may rise* upon his ruin. It is time the Northernattention of Britwb capitalist*. Vin* is the fifthLabrador coa*t t e Greenland, a; line across Green-land, ano her cnfcle to Iceland,, another from Ice- of satisfaction which mantled every Republican people were fully awake to these things, J. s. P .jector* a a i advocates. I t rcmaius to be seen what pressed upon him—nor did this unpremeditated and --•'•"•Avor it will receive now that the scheme of a cable spontaneous tribute to the man who had " demon- at a single stretch has, on the first experiment, strated " that he stood by his words, while his proved a failure. Of course there will be the rivalry vaunting foe had been compelled to eat his, tendbelow:CARl) FROM MESSRS. CHISMAN AND MILES.In coceeque'ce of the numerous false ruciorn whichhave b«en in«Jnstriou*ly cireula'ed through t h e Northern-Prflas, the undersigned deem it proper to make the following publi-cheek when Potter, standing erect, as is his wont, his head firmly poised, his iron features and keen gray eye indicating self-possession and calm cour-land to the Faroe Islands, and a fourth from thelater point to s«me part of Europe. This schemewas too late in appearing to make itself a profitablerival of that of Mr. Field; and it wa» abn«*-d over age, was literally crowded into the cloak-room bytheshouldersoftheparlieswhoappearedasitspro- thegreetingsandcongratulationswhichhisfriends PotterandPryorhasbeenmadepublic. ItisgivenZ:tf the old company, who are just making new signs to lighten up the visages and cheer the hearts cation: ' ..Ttie NeW'Orteai78Picayunecouragingadirecttradebetweenthetwocountries.And in connection with this he proposes to establish 3Potter was in his place. But where was he of. that Mr.Potter " «oniJ notleave" the District, it wai deemedcamped a t a Seminole miles up the liver..settlementaboutt w oa free port at Gaspe, in the Gulf of the St. Law*rence,andanotheratSaultSfce.Marie. There dage,andvastexpanseofshirtcollar? Noone'in bearthechallengetoahostilemeeting"intheOwtrid"toMr. botirr,Dameapariio/Jaritaxf.sndde«turn'.esoaieipUseout-ofPERSONAL.•tions. Bat there is a connection, neverthe- dingy hotel in the ancient town of Alexandria, toy-T. P . CHtSMAN, WM,POaCHKRMR. PRVOR'S CHALLENGE., MILES.;educateda s thoseofAmerica-A ta neveningpartyV«». Themaunobjeet of establishing a free port at Gaspe is to attract thither the fishermen of the Gulf tor supplies. It is thought that, if they can-.- obtain European goods there duty free, there they •will seek their supplies. T h e extent of country to he entitled to the benefit of free imports is to bey prescribed when the measure reaches a more ma- tured shape. Gaspe.is.two hundred miles ••ever a-roiseTible land road from a n y other settled part of the country, and it is thought that this will afibrd a pretty good guaranty against smuggling.ing with an unpalatable dinner, and ruminating, over the dietetic problem whether worms preferred to have their meat served up whole, or cut intoslices.When Potter entered the House, the Committees<-.in Halle, one lady wanted to know whether Christmasdid hot take place in America in the Summer, since inGermany it occurs in Winter; another whether w e areChristians in America, and. had any Christmas at all;another, -whether a man could not go backward andT H EThe correspondence in the affair between Messr3.C O R R E S P O N D E N C E .the House certainly knew, though men of ardent Potter. Mr. Chi»m&n. a non-resident of Washington, then as- the tboroufihfarcH aod raor» frequented pirtt«_n« of tlie city, withmay not, at first blush, seem to- be any such con- sumed tbe place of acting friend for Mr." PryoT. Mr Mite9 ad- nection betiveen these different subjects as would ;imaginations fancied that at that precise juncture- Msi»d with him throughout, entirely concurred with him injustify their treatment in the same set of resolu- he might bo snugly esconced in a rear room of a every st*-p up to tbe termination of tbe coirenpondnnce on taeir part, and has desired tomake thiapublicatatementof hlspos'tion.a view to e",cope iruerruption an-'to avoid iiijory to otter per- Bor.8, Twill afluid you an opportunity to redeem the vauat with which 5"u parade vour r«Bource« of't.elf'defisnse,' You* obedien.t servant ROGER A . PRYOR.' " My rr'eiid Mr. CM*man will deliver thia nate."Hon. J. F. POTTBR !' > : . R. A. P." When on my way, to deliver the abovn note to Mr Potter, to my surplrf»e I wasauthoritatively informed thot.heha'l been ar.re*ted aud put under bouda to keep (be peaoe After this f could, of course, present no snea oommuoicutWa to him _.—A German correspondent of T/tr. Independentthat the ladies of that country are by no means so wellwere being called for reports. N o t long after hecame in, the Committee of Revolutionary Pensions,ofwhichboisChairman,'was called. At its last Potttrinoneofthesitting-roomsoftheHouse of Representa-FROM THE RIOGRANDE.forward like a shuttle-cock between Germany and the*defendant's circumstances. H e had only $1,500:[A.]honor to be,very respectfully,lbe Hon. JOHN F. POTTBR, ' ,''R. A . PIUTOR.[A.] MEMORANDUM.On to-day, at three o'clock aud ten minutes, I met Mr.meeting the Committee had resolved to ask the tives,anddeliveredtohimMr.Pryor'sfirstnote.acopyofwhich, Correspondence ofThe'N. O.D«ilta. *year, with certain expenses, and he showed he was imsuV^d HA , " ia in Mr. Pryor*s possesion. Mr Po'-ter op-med House to vote them a clerk. And now, when the the note, which WMunsealed,-jscd read ic. -1 ttftn ininired at Chair announced that reports from this Committee what time.hu answer would be comuiunicated; to' wbico he re-'. . . BRuWfXsviLT.E^ April 6, 1860. with that distinguished personage, Mr. John Momesey, Information, bas jutt reached bere to-iay, which ren-lorning, aged 72 yes estprotrnneht anfAttheSauit*>te.Marie,alikeprescribingofhuntswereinorder,Potterrose.InstantlytheHouse,hapsitwonldnotbebeforemorning«.tfiveo*cl«>ck.hesrioghard.Theplotthicken*.Since1las;wroteyou.ourwill have to take place. The object of establishing which had been in unusual confusion all day, sank rumors of the probable ar/e«t of the parties, T raQK Air. Potter in the same room, and informed him of these rumors, and tlno thatt h i s l a t t e r f r e e p o r t i s t h r e e f o l d : t o e n c o u r a g e a s < r i - i n t o t h e m o s t p r o f o u n d s i l e n c e . T h e C h i v a l r y , e s - MT P r y o r h i d g n n e o ^ o f i h e D i s t r i c t t o a v o i d a r x e e t . H e s a i d eultural settlement in the neighborhood; to give a pecially, strained their eyes to catch the lineaments that he wculd endeavor to avoid arrest, but could not leave im-mediately, lest h1a wife, who was at the tioue in th« gallery, stimulus to the development of the mines on the [ of the man who had crushed their champion under hhooid be alarmed- ,i t thia same inierview, I informed Mr. Pot-north shores of Lakes Huron and Superior, and to lus heel, and now wanted a clerk for his Commit- ter thit 1 was suddenly called home by sickness in my f*mlly, direct the trade ol Red River through Cauada. At I tee. Quite a debate sprang up on his motion. said that. Hon L. hi. Keltt would actin my stead 1 hidjuscpresent, the Hudson'sBayCompanypay$50,000a\ Potter, intonesand manner which indicated not year for ihr transport of goo*is over the St, Paul J the slightest embarrassment on account of the nov- route, and it is thought that this travel may be di- elty oi his position, explained the reasons why hisover that of a pugilist, and there is a look about himpreviouslynotifiedhimofthisinwriting. T.C.H1SDMAN.vance.T. P. CHISMAN.^£R.TRlrORTOMR.POTTER.VmoiNtA, April M, I960.lature adjourned without making provision for carrying landuponthetestatorstombwithonehand,whaleshe oncertainrailroadsoftbeState. TheGovernorthen eummoncdaspecialee«sion,stating,inhisproclamation, the several sut>joits which required immediate legisla-fully,F.W,LANDER.MR. CHISMArT TO COL. LANDER. WASHINGTON, April 12,13G0.in a lew hours, t»nd perhaps in time lor me to inform forcing tbe demand with an intimntion that none of the Court, he could not live in Berlin; he would bi you. banished;sogreatlywashehatedbytheu*trasau|them should leave until he had pocketed tbe amount. tbe sham pious Every moans was adopted to fist \h] Appearances very much indicate that there has al- Tbo party at first imagined tbat when Hedges was ac- King against h-m; in other countries ot Germany h|1 . MR.POTTER TO MR. PRYOR.April 11,18G0.SIR: Yonr note of this date, received by tbe hands with a largely increased force—in some instances esti-event of peace bein^ concluded, the contractors nhobe allowed indemnities. The greater part of theee co' trac'8 were iicii'ious, b»ing only mado to obtain th indemnities; ^nd, by means o' them, the Goveromenj was defrauded of willions. Gen Eynatten,who lately killed himself, and his accomplices, shared with tho contractor the sums so obtained.1 have the hont.r to be,Very xeapectdilly, your obedient servant.JOHit F. POTTER.Hon. Roor.n A- PUTOK.MR. PRYOR TO MR. POTTER.VIRGINIA, April 12, I860.But to-day! Barksdale and Burnett, in the run-duty in favor of colonial timber has been abolished ning debate on the resolution, persistently called hend tb*» precii* import of your note by Mr. Linder, 1 beg to in- Cautain replied that he believed tr.nl an understa'uling from the baptism, and in the afternoon she attended —A private letter from Cj^sius M. Clay, dated th«n by the English Parliament, it behooves this prov- him either " t h e gentleman from Wisconsin," or, quire if yon will accept a challenge from me, in the District ofFinance Minister proposes to lower the importduties a t present charged on French wines, bran- have called him " t h e member from Wisconsin." dies, and dried fruit, on condition, of course, that a Pryor invariably used this term in the colloquycorresponding advantage can be obtained for our with him on Wednesday.timber, ships, and fish. Now that the deferentialince to look for a new maTket for this article, form-ing as it does the largest item in our list of exports. more frequently, *•'the honorable gentleman fromWisconsin." And Mr. Thomas of Tennessee, one terms; but she prohibits the importation of our of Potter's colleagues on the Committee, bestowed;Columbia 7 I have thehonor tobe.Very respectfully. &.a,&OGE3. A. PRYOR.Hon. JOHN F. POTTKB.MR. POTTER TO MR. PRYOR.APRIL Vt, 1860.SIR: Ifthere beanyambiguity inmy note of lastevening, after theeatplonntion.ofmyfri*ind <'ol.Lander to your frieud Col.Keitt last night, and Mr, Chis'man to-day, which I undirsthndhemade,IbegtosrvythatIwillanswertheinquiry •ontained in your note when a challenge aboil reach mo.10th of April, says: " O u r troubles with the November Committcie are, I truet, ended forever. W e are left to tbe enjoy meit of our constitutional rights, and to press villa, on tbe banks of tbe peaceful lake of Enghien, on that divine revolution which will forever makeAlready France admits our timber on pretty easyships altogether. 'j-his prohibition was removed unmeasured encomiums upon the fidelity withtbe Rio Grande in hot pursuit of Cortina or of thoseimplicated with him, and fiat he (Ford) bad nowcrossed tbe rivor and come to Reynosa to demand thedehvory to bim of some of Cortina's men who, he wasW6ll assured, were in andabout thetown. Tbeau-thorities answered that they would not comply withtbe demand—that many of tbe parties demanded hadnever been implicated with Conina, a n d if tbeyhad, they would not surrender them to beexecuted as summarily as they had reason tobelieve would b e the case. Ford than toldtbem that he would take the men (demincied) byforce.WhereuponthepopulationofReynosa,com-receivesherfortunewiththeother. menced arming, and paraded a force of about 200men,has been necessary to allude to him, the Chivalrywhich hedischarged hisduties,informing the Housethat if all the other members were as laborious as"tbehonorableChairman,"therewould bononeed of having a c erk. During the rest of the de-bate,Thomas'skey-notewasechoedbyallthedis-putants on the Democratic side, and Potter was NOTK.—immediately on r»<c«ipt of the ab«>vo 1 delivered the thenceforward " t h e honorable Chairman of.the following note, .•which I had betu furnisiied bv Mr. Pryor in ad-four miles from Paris, left a rather eccentric legacy. them unnecessary."SIR: In order to be assured tLat I du »ot midaapre-enteredaMexicantownwi'.hanarmedforc9. The.gationwasbathedintears. Noinjuryoccurredtoher Hishealthisverypoor.SIR: I demand the satisfaction ucusil among gentle-or three Committees,itwasevidentthat Potter's manlorthepersonalall'rontyonofferer!meindebute,andfor itiestoldFordthattbeywonldresisttothedeathany•Though the House had just denied Clerks to twowhich was being constantly increased, and the author-—Tbe Emperor Napoleon bas presented a splendiddiamondbroochtoMme.Ferraris,asamarkofhisad- tion. The Legislature convened accordingly, and miration of her brilliant dancing in " Pierre de Me- passed bills on tho subjects designated butin every case dicis." ' ' tbe Governor defeated them by interposing his veto;—Tbe Shah of Persia is not only not dead, but he has and, thereupon, on the 30chnlt., both iEtonseeadjourned wivhout giving the Governor the usual notice of theirintention to- do - o. But they were intercepted at thewhich you were pleased to avow your responsibility. ' 1 have the honor to bo,vury rei Tactfully,Hon. JOHN F. POTTKH- " ROGER A. PRYOR. P. S.—My friend. Mr. ChLnnan, will delivor thia noteat-.em.pt on tbe part of the latter to arrest a:iy Mexi-cans Ford, upon seeing to formidable a demonstra-tion, recrosaed the river at Edinburgh, (opposite Rey-nosa), for reinforceineurg. The next day Capt. Stone-man, who is in command of the whole mounted force,(Rangers and Regulars;,..made a formal demand of the not been sick for a single day.motion would privail. Burnett politely suggested an amendment. Potter rose and blandly accepted it. Barksdale deKred to propound a question to " the honorable Chairman of the Committee," and the Chairman inclined his honorable ear toward thefiery Mississipian, and imparted to him the desired The Hon. Mrv. CHISMAN—Sir.- 0 " i u g to my not authorities of Reynosa for the surrender of tbe men, asCOL. LANDER TO MR. CHISMAN.mmd of my friend Mr. Pryor for ' the satisfaction usual amongway, i think. Very great excitement prevails both here trnd at Matamoros, and I think within a few hours we ehall he^r some startling news.Major Heiutzlemftn left/here a few days since byorde. of Col. Lee.the Utter having.ordered the Major ;R, A. P . Avmx. 12—7j p.in.known that he has acted throughout from motives your communication to rcy princtpal or even s»-oin« him em- to meet him at Grande Ci y. The Major was ac- And it is believed that he got it.waiting in his moih^r'a apartmenw, aud asked,ore you?" Implied, " M y name is Humboldt.* '•And what nre von?" " l a m chamberlain of hii Mujeety the Kmg.r' •«Is tbat all 1" curtly broke off the Prince, t.m,ed on his heel, and went idsway, That ism questionably a proof of understanding."thus delay itsbecoming law for a session or two. phatically refute to allow him to engage in it. Whenever yoir of the most honorable character, and in a spirit of piinc.pal wjil reply to Mr. Pryor'» demand in such a wuy as may1i>*i entire relations between-debtor and creditor the severest self-denial. No man has a deeper de- scori' to rue consistent with uny fair and oven roost liberal.oon- are under investigation before committees of both Btruciioii of the rulosof the code, v.-hother pariicular or general,companied b y Cnpt. L e e , Liema. Thomas a n d Reed, and a email defachmtnt of troope. ~WhflThe policy of Gov. Houston with reference to affairs testation of broils and violence. No man more ab- I shs.ll be mo«t buppy to coromtm'cato to my principal such ro- on the RioGrande and frontier protection generally, is—M. Lecointe tells the following story of Jallien, when the great leader was giving orchestral concerts in the Jar din Turc at Paris:Housed There is a party in the country which de- hors and loathes the barbarous, inhuman, and hellish sporiie.,1 have the honor to be, most rosp«otfullv, making him hosts of friends in this region. The tone T. P. CHISMAN. of hiscomepondeiice with the General Government COL, LANDER TO MK. CHISMAN. is greatly land«d, and his whole policy (latterly) in this WAsniNOTOM, April 13-3a. m. connection receives univen-al approbation. It appearsprominent advocate for a bankrupt law will, in a rebels against the persistent attempts at humiliatingNorthern representatives made and repeated.on the roc< Wed. Without replying to tt e tennij of indujzmlion vvnich inunforWxe very important crisis touohing Mexican that time the encounter took placa with swordd, and mente, larticularly tin.robbery of the Orleans familv,mands the enactment of a bankrupt law; but they irstinets and practices of the duelist. But along belong chiefly to the debtor class, and notoriouslyrequire the iaw for their own purposes. The most with this disgust ho possesses a spirit that rises and" Oscof his mneicians, who had been a fencing-master in n regiment, bad a dispute with him, aud s*utb»m a challenge. Jul ben asked a week to prepare for tive ior his years Is exusporatod at tho covp h'Kaiaggravatingexperiences. And to judge the con- m*«et;oi:rfriendonequalterms. HewillnotgcoutofthoDis- atctive in its operatic, and enacted for the ijrst trict to fight a dtfel. He waiv<>n tho usual Jnst rosort of tin non- time, would. '. duct of a man who acts under such influences by 0B«ji*t, lhe asfctrsion that he will defend himseli;' whenever as-plockitfromthewound. Ithadmadeitselfapaes*geIr. will he remembered that two weeks ago we gave which, -wonderful to relate, interfered with none ofifassaulted. Thisisamiatake.-Ifforthotimehewaivesthe* to hava-llo the followicg notes; which, ttougb novisr delifcea have an . -. Xheypuichased their supplies, and the officers were AA•essmtial bearing on the transaction. Tne first note washandedbut on reaching Washington, in deference to the earnest and uPROBABLE FIGHTING,America,andthusliveinperpetualSummer.—The editor of Bell's Life in London is delighted poverty; and be submitted tbat the defendant was atpliedthatitshouldbeatbisearliest convenience, batthatper- doraitveryprobab'ethat stirring times are closeat whohaslatelyarrived in England. "Hismuginallto pay in person if he could not pay iu purse. TJ* Juryassessedthedamagesat$1,500. .eniucky.^ticops bave returned fron M«xiw, «nd many of the m<neconservativepeopleb*!ganfcoconclader,ha».qniet"irL-s.giving mforwj^aV''L*a C I ««en«tAdi8tan«e, word* offevfaB «0is one,of tbe Marchwight, bill :edness ofjera and che tbe rest, he: 'gthat Jsanictoadeau* —Republicanierehjonein0 lent*..lbepfao orgAized a< ^ent; they con ,i Walworth bave « 3President(ofthec—TheSenate01 appointmsnts, aa3>istrict-Attorney Navy Agent'ostmastarit: B ^ Stevens, CJlin| icb.; John H. 1ton, Pontfac, John H . Mc, <y, South Bt-iic . S. P . Mo Clark, Boi>j?t id, N.C; G«uiilliams, Wbho T.G.Brcilford, Mass.';;J< , Joliet, Hi.,iurnhazn, WponsO' rgeWalked ec raes Valley, and i—Tbe sensation < 'reaching of a ch>rreepondcnt o f 3 returned froai j e tbat no-tbeajBented such an eif.r. joy tbo crowd in the livery plaoo was »efcecome impassable ;ht be caught oft one, preciseJy, t >ce, a n d a t o o d b e f o •owd of enthusias' e ladies. Tfie ercii of the beadle*, ii and embroidc/e^lougJit. and the t Itbcmselves on the sifender* tbem mesi v ieofficial^ whoin id improper in ajhwere caileu f.otbe r* |Jioreee ot the City G 11thinajB from.* cit f tbe more enthus9f Paris." and t h of admiration ilowed themselvesrats in tibeirremo! lot disturbed, althojc ' considerahly that,pound to be strewn |addjng to the chaijce fnianiieeto from t h euted up, wherein \ jpropjiety of/wich > ace of woTghip, aiehave with more c*—A' Washington • ife and five caildrt it bis challenge to also in the city a not wish to say a r, and declared trave mas.—-John B . Raine, oeptionofashorti k of Kentucky,•—The following bi ^Bylvania: A young: BBgO, to look after eonto his mother. He dwastoreturnhoiv^Teeultingfromthesal''aciflc was never ha; the loss of her s ner. The course ot h »fembarking in the I £ured, he 1eti sick in 1toon robbed of all La ponG pcnn|les3,au'i, Ward to Russia. Re oneoftheGoveniaun! went again to Francsioninreal.estate,"ei .d returned to .this co mother and take u«—The telegraph ai ^on, formerly a meu.bt !,ives from Maryl i j . d<earof his age, tuvv jtudyinglaw be wis,{>reme Court in 1-S: 1Jected to Congress, w j.supporter of what v ,<X>k a prominent partH fie Y o u n g M e n ' s C o u iSay for the Preside uc i >—Aweekortwou«fana* Morgan retired len asleep the familyhen they hurried to I moor open and fell pro padly burned that bo <i lie bad some $3,0<JG inI jl>eing in gold, some of igsd condition, befiords<!^top&m&^m®$*iientittlefleruiol ^ e f ^ ^ ? T ^TMff;harbarisni4iinsswaysitsbatfle-axinthehallsregretthatwehavebeenunablotoadjustthematterbetweenlonr/roii\>eaten,.andstiUmsvedon.Nochallengerojffoeu^^»foxaviolationofhi«pledge. »TM»*of tbe country, " I n what manner siatt^ch demon- , ,Xhave-the honor to be, very^respectfully, T.P . CH1SM4JJ.*»wnetny'acamp. Theyapproachedtowithinforty w»««>* ,Meric^B, tbe fire <wulTretnrne4, aome of the Mexicans ^inigcaona fight, in which all the movable fafBitnreoitakeninthefightwereimmediatelyrestored. [., bravado; onMonday,twoofthe•<*-*M*Sonso(druggist's peetle, tbe other <Mtb a carving-la^- campedatSanLorenzo.'OrrtheI8ththeystartedunequallymatched-,theyfoughttiUtbebystanderssep-h a s Brownsville pondence to the 6th inst. Quiet had prevailed for tbe two weeks previously; but rumors were again afloat thatCortinabadreturnedtowardthefrontier;anden-which convinces one'at once tbat he would prove awas about being restored to the bolder. Tnese hopes tongb customer to any one." Morriesey, according to concerned in the ma(vwr»«itfonH in the Austrian arnfiUntil witbin thela&few days, the opinion has pre- ' —Dr. Magoon of the First Baptist Church, Albany, Pesth. Themalvcications are stated to-data trot/if vailed that Cortina had quit the vicinity of the River,and gone into tbeinteriorof M.exico. Now,racnore adminietered baptism last Sabbath to a young girl battle of8oIferino. On the'sudden conclusionareroethat be is again inthe vicinity r>f Reynosa, .about16yearsold,whowasinthelast stages ofcon- armistice,numerouscontracts forsuppliestothea Mexico (distant..about sixty mi?es from Matamoras), sumption. She felt that God, for Christ's sake, had were entered into, Bubj*ct to the. condition that, in—Eighty-two persons are now in custody for bei% have been eudaeloy dafhtd to the ground Bell'» Life, h a s befri$3,<Q0Q o n Sayers. Arrests continue to be * ffected at Brunn, Pru^ue^rimplicitly believed by many.On the 4th iniit,., Capt. Fnrd crossed the river again,men in the way of His own appointment. After somedoubt and hesitation her wishes were complied with,and she was carried to tbe Baptistry in the arms ofeevoral brethren of the Church, having on the whitenohe8 which were understood to be her grave-clothes,Tbeauthoritieswantedtobnow ofCapt.Ferdby andwasimmersedbythepastor. Thescenewasone —ThefriendHofSirJamesBarke,RsjahofLarawak,what anthority be crowed tbe national boundary and of tbe most touching ever witnessed, and the congre- have made a rubscription of $42,000 for his benefit.had betn had by the author.tiee on each side of the again to join the Church in observing the Lord's river, that tbe American troops could at any time crosstime to advite with Gen. Garci*, at Matamoras. This u Governor, again summoning them to meet forthwith in nett and the others were speaking, and sank into space cf time—say for a few hours. I am,most respectfully. &c, recjueet Sioneman refused to comply with, and re- tbe rite until he came to the words Name this child," another oxtia session. They, however, paid no atten-the deepest silence whenever Potter replied, w a s MR. POTTER TOMK.ludicrously interesting. T o m . Florence finally inti-PRYOR.APRZL 12, IrtGO.—About six weeks aj iously disappeared r*:Onn., xmder peculiar ieroomwherehowot jurpoee of taking a n a n aae wore neither coat roi |l>«en heard from or sttn;jfoundintheriver,in t! and otherwisesho\'. A . S. Hauiee. L died in .that city on•—A sad event happen widowwomanres u eeyears. Thenei^fc rs and sought for kirn the second.day, h« wa mile of his home. ion, after having vainrj iH i n t o w h i o h h e h a d h•—One day last wee Issling herself aggrieve Isaler of that place, in>k to administer a iver, more than. a mat l^erof suffering defeat, ,t,or of The S*ut&erii& ice, finished the pcunsl>m the field, and ga ,sr horns.!—Mrs. Bard, of Phih &large part of her fdsupportofan'-fttyl called *'Tbo Buid Lhnrch." The object lUun,educate,and;hioe out,to be instru •st the whits feniuJa b, of the age of notthan eight yea«|theProtectantEpisoxTbecircumstonceHwhichdecidodhimtoquitParis^rhSr^V8Mnd*T>7^httfji^%f&ithobook ielphia;secondly;themated that the Bouse was ready for the vote, and SIR: Yonr pecond note of to-day is received. I re-the IJouHe agreed with Tom. Florence. The pre- fer you to my friend, Col. F. W..Lander, to make the neocssaryviousquestionwassustained,audona callofthe Yeasand Naysthe motionwas adopted byabout two toone.THEPOTTERANDPRYORAFFAIR.arrungements. 1havethehonortobe,&c.,JOHN F. POTTER.The Hon. ROGEBA. PKTO».COL. LANDER TO MR. CHL5MAV.WAaiiiNGYON, April 12, 1860—11J p. m.men,allmounted. Theverylatestrumoris?thatacourierreachedMat-amoras this forenoon, with dispatches from Reynosafor Gftn. Garcia asking bim to send up a military force ;instead ofLucy,as,ofherthree children, shehad onealreadynamed Lucy. Unfortunately, however, the name could not be altered.Tbe Hon.T. P . CHISMAW—Sir: I hiiv.e to btite that to .aid the citizeis of Reynosa to defend the placeagainst tbe threat*ned attack of Stonemau, and that a force w a s about being sent u p from Matamoras.A courier arrived here to-day from Capt. S;oneman,with dispatches for Caps. Dawson, commanding FortBrown. T h e purport of these dispatches has noi thans- however, be sold for taxes or for the purchase posed. Acting under the pressure of the numerous eich jjihicipil. Seconds re»tricted to one oavy revolver each. pired. A few cluim to have got some little inkling ofA bill to exempt homesteads and 'certainpersonal property from execution for debt, ha? Co:rc.pon<$«'.nc<; of The jtf. Y. Tribune.money; but there is to be no sale unless $1,000 be aggravated assaults upon the Republicans, from Knivt-B of principals of equal w«-ight aud length of bl*do. Fight to commence nt tho wo7<l "Three."" The calling of the—His Royal Highness, the Prince of Wales, in oom- upon numboldt, und said to him, ' Your Excellencypany with his suite, was homing recently ax Oxfond. doubtless toes now frequently -tochurch.' Thia wasOn their way home they mitsed their road, and found said wiih the view to confuse Humboldt He, how-ever, instantly rejoined: ' Thit is certainly a very themselves on tbe lands of an eccentric farmer named kind inquiry of yours just now. You.no doubt, wiseW ASHINGTON, April 15, 1860.ity of the Legislative Assembly. The homestead It turns oat that Mr. Potter was more willing to •this Llstrict, usw« muyagree upoo, ot a time to Oe6x«d wituinreceivedthesanctionofaverylargemajor-is to be exempted to ihe value of .$1,000. It may, meet the bravado of the Chivalry than I had sup- the ii<-xt twelve hours, by you iiud myselJ. DIatcnco four feet atmy principal Hon John Po.ler, disolaioiinu the particular rules or the code, will fight the Hon Koger'A Pryor with the com- n on bowie-knifo, at. sur-h a. place, private room or open a'r, incommi-scr.jx.ei&t of engagements T « o seconds to be orenenttoHedges, but called by tbe sobriquet of " Lord Chief JusticeBurns." Thefarmershutthegatesuponthe party, end levied a fine'of a sovereign for damages, en-."At I o'clock, IIuroboldt*came. Wonderfnllv ao> The Hon. T. P . CHISMAN— Sir: Yoar note is jnst to be tiro universe sentiment tbat Gov. Houston is the the duel, and his request was granted. At the end of in Franco, at tbedaring violence, the arbitrary H*n<8b/ 'few weeks, have judgments entered against him to kt*-n-, to pervade It, \ will simply ssy that my principal dotoststhe amount of over ^100,000. The Committee of floor of Congress. No person kuows who has not ujud. abhors the barbarous utd inhuman moJo of wiUling dilli- ailairs now upon us. lie 01I«tuo bill most completely. he received a furious thrust, which ran him rightde*d of villainy ; erp«traie<J uga-ndtthe people. II^HUISI The Assembly has power to report by bill; but there himself dwelt and acted amid semi-barbarians and his c<ntituents ii. thh following mannoi: He uaserts and maiu- eomrneiiflaMon for bin po:ic* a» recently enunciated. resting upon the wound, and his antagonist having their rcpreecni.auves, against vight^ndhis eo'oxnd'oatb,•is no reason to believe that any bankrupt bill will assassins, and among men who seek the lives of ta;ii« bis,right to presrat ont'eii-floOr of Congress, wttbia parlia- The people of Texas are with nira and will stand by naturally let go bis awovd, Jnllieu rushed upon h'm, isnotsoobnoiMittto «Qe King uud the Coun; baiipassthissession.Alar^epartywillbecontentedtheirassociates,onthemosttrivialoccasions,andWbiA&ryrubs,trymatterwhich-hobolievcstobec,-orrect,. him.l£omaninO.oSuitebansostrongaholduponaudiohi*turndealthirnadesperatoblow;afterthattheadve»t,uwr^eansuponthepeople,«*&rci»«iwith the Homestead Exemption bill, wbk-h, in not CaWcd urroM by Dote to reply to your priucipid, he has made his the confidence-of the sovereigns. Tbey believe in which, bav'mg thus revenged himso'f, he remained socially, and will bo Km^ror besides, thni makesi' without cause, what hurricanes of passion, can bo fctuumt-nt. :ii* friend, Xhuve pr«a«<ntrtd it. You object to him detectable! * - * - Humboldt says it is an'being retxaactive., <2oes not offend a«ainhb' sound the terms. Th<y were Bucb as would alone cn»ble my priucipid, bim, ana niany of them, think they will goto him when erect> with a sword sticking out of hjo back ! Nobodyprinciples of legislation, as a bankrupt I»W, re'ro- roused in the soul of usually moderate men by such who was nnacriaainted with the usual weapons of duelist*, to they die. ' * - daring to withdraw it, ho himself had tho energy to undoubted faut that Loute Napoleon Is the son 0 f i d -ooltk'H utualamonggHn'ieiaen, t<-.rrued dtifling Ho reprosfliita L*<:n his political opponent* award him unreserved through tbe body, the hi t of the weapon actuallythe strict rules of propriety and morality laid down luiVo F» »rVi-n goes so far as to wime >*mc, pince and woapon. an account of a mistake made by the United States sol the organs oe*en*ial to life. A month afterward J ultien'ihe session of the Legislature will probably not u Ju-n st this »t»ge of tl e affair you appeal to tho /-mot terms of extend far into tlje month of Map* A t one tine, for ordinary guidance, is to do him monstrous in- Ihe r;ode, and express yourself dieKHi<rt«d, there is but one re-!diets who were in pursuit of Cortina, on the 17th ulfc. andwhoattackedfomeMexicans,theirownallies thirkingtheywerehostiletroops. Sonosuspicionsohud resumed bis ba on and his primrose gloves, and.w7r,i-«ftvnges. It in here that our conflicting systems titled to tbe full espr*ssto» of his onhi^otiK. I therefore present treachery were entertained, as we learned by the last myselfInMsplacewithoutrestrioilons.otcivilizufionimpinge. Thisisthepointofcontact,nccounts; TiieBrownsville Flag givessomedetailsof wore,likeeverything in hislife, singularandoutofthis liflair:.. v' .'.;';' / •'/•'•'.:':/.*.' ' ". ' I t\on ot 1MB. He terms it an ittdiwrt>st aud alm'oat Sfacehereinitsmostoffensiveandinsultingaspects. uud)ThecircamstancesarethemoreaggravatedbecauseCOL. F . W . LANDICR—Sir: Neithei my friend Mr.Pryornormyselfhaveanypersonulquurrelwithyou. 1cannot fortiessawonrtroops cross the river, aud acknoWl-'oompoBitionofanoddposting-bill,inwhichacombin- ationofletter?,putinlargertypethantheothersitistoallow diplomado teWevfS^*^ nouofflojal,nawasthatoftheMarquis, Cavltsk'** wellwLwnartiiie gavo toomuchoartohisWiWtjf^'tfhri-Mt •,..itii.'iT.^ .ii.AnVri. • i.;...,^Thomas M. Tryniski 309 South 4th Street Fulton New York 13069••••'••'•"*•• -•'*••--»•>•''',ia^ iw«W'»V'AWMWW'^.>^/*,( t ,;.wthereforepermithimormyselfto-t«keanyadvantageofyour courteouso/EortosubiiituteyourselfInMr.Potter'splace.Ase<Jgc-dthatheknewtheyWeregoingtotheMesato1Untitled DocumentSopper.—The Marqnia de la Coussaye, w h o lately died in hisgaysoontemp overthoseconcerntowhichthofameofhisadventuro isac«arte,uncultivatedsubalternwhonevertheless haa the piestimpmon to piet^nd to produce som^tbiagdebt. The defendant would not drag his wife im>Tnc Ktn^ was «.t tlrot overjoyed at the n««ve» Th4 :Then^followeda\rro- A nTbi8 wa www.fultonhistory.comaaifl^aasaiaaiMriitefifa&^iiflMtt^aaa -•- ft*ja,i«Aj