 Jwhich he said was a re-Shaw,Russell, Ward,"fiSfareun. ¥ao repreiiefited ikat Massa ^miding dumuMtic SUxsry. It was a nefarious tnstltn- quiry*e." This, he said, mander of Gaeta for the evacuation of the fwtiesa.The for annexation in the Piqtal States is votingt^L. X.—NO. 2864.AND THE CONSTITUTION to Hon. W. L. Yaneey on®he t<j it, the Southern delegates held out hopes that,|iett)-l0tk %mt§. NEW-YORK, SATURDAY, NOVEMBER 24, 1860.PRICE TWO CENTS.THESIA^E-TRADEA letter- in Reply the Prohibitionif the matter were left open, the SouthernStatesI to show that proposeTWO DAYS LATER FROM ABBITAL OF THE iFRICi.not, with a good conscience, leave it with ttie States, who Important Speeehes of C«imt Per^yand Lord Palnerston in London.Gen. FisciaiT, of South Carolina, thought himselfbound to declarevi»ndidly, that he did not think SoathCarolina would stop Iwr Importations of slaves in any TICTOB EnCANUEI. DV IfAPLCS. short time ; but only stop them occasionally, as shenow does. He moved to commit the clause thatslaves might be made liable to an equal tax vrith otherImports, which he thought right, ana which would re-—MaMa^vasttB and the ern Colonlee.said of Georgia,—"grantedand that Massachusetts and the otheryoufail insecuringthisconcession, you proposeoftheSlave-trade.measure,-sagacityVladicatioo of the Tmth of Histoiy and Maryland have alreadydone." Mr. Baldwin backed by a threat of secession if it were not— ;representanderstand thatprinciple ;-~and that if•^erectednl eritieisms of two leading editors in theVol. III.,TtnsDAT, Aug. 21.VasD and Mr. Hxhkt J. IUtiiohd,"—upon your apMcbm irf'the Horth during the recant Presiden- tial eanvau. As you haTe thus given the matterunscrupulous" in the Now I might very well stop here, for what Iimportanta pnaoial direction, youwiU excuse me for giving"the shonld be considered ih a subjecthave already eaid covers thegroundofyourletter.leave an encouragement to this trafSc. In the second clause relating to taxes on exports and to a navigationAfrica, CapLBhait-atatistica, ttiat Slavery Is a benefit to the States inwhich it exists, and to tiie North through its trade" That we will neither import nor purchase any Slaveimported ^fter the Jfrst day of December nextas we He thoughtmatter find it. observed that the abolition of Slavery seemed to be going on in the United States, and that the good sense of the several States wouldThe Report of the Committee ol Eleven being taken up,great fested.to vindicate assertion against this yourbe to command them. It was asserted that negotiations were com- on the 8th between Gen. Fasti and tlte com-attempt^littrifTKaaaaeknaetts tttenud to theaa measures. No—•^ disputes or doubts that fact, nor did we needmade him on the same speech byIt is not enough for you to show thatsubjectdangerous ;insurrections of the and ^tbe instrucUonsNew-Jersey, Pennsylvsmla, Delaware, Virginia-reduced te 20,000 men, with few officersNorth--T!=7~f"^tmm ^P^ ^PP! ^Wi :u^'^^'^^^ifmmmii^mmmm ^"^mmAl«hatn« to inform us of it.Tear asaertion was much broader, and its object depend on this point. Me never would concur m up-a ^aUsaionary fromMary- slaves Into North Carolina,waa ^>akasetta, aa the heaJ of the Northern Colonies,on this subject.efforts to secure the reopening of the Slave-with to naturalization, regardiaaisted" on continuing the ^yearslonger,forthespecificpurposeof widen- ing the basis of Slavery," and "increasing t&eyourtrade, lies in the facti isaa «fni. thit this Me—namber of slaves," while Virginia, as the head•f the Southern Colonies, resisted the attempt.made by you in the Southern Commer-tures.slaves.really enrich and strengthen a country. "Sl^ave-tradefor twen- "that the fathers of thefor slaves for their new lands, and will fill that country wfih slaves, if they can be got through South CarolinaConstitution was a vitk tkorn StaUs. If compliancethe change of language, however, should be obiectedthemselves might prohibit thetraflic. Mr. PlNCK- they will probably of themselses stop importa-EUROPE.assent to the compromise proposed by the Com- KIT said, " If the Southern States are left alone, mittee." tions:"—andagain, If^theStates be left at liberty on this subject. South Carolina may, perhaps, bycan be brought to consent to thatnot tall lo strike the commercial of the North-em and Middle States.joa a personal answer.Let me say, in the first 4>Iace, that you have no State, as well as Connecticut, were indifferent to Northern and Southern Colonies respectively in the other parts twherme boimd to protectri(kt to characterize those criticisms as either its moral aspects, which Virginia urged so warmly. regard to the Slave-trade, andof Imponrng was, therefore,'kostile or malignant." They are perfectly &ir You say :which each section was actuated. But as that principles of the Revolution, and dtshonorable to the Mr. SexiHAa, of Coimectlcat said it was better to ternoon. American character, to have such a feature in the let tke Sotuhem Statet import slaves, than to part with The Ctmodand legitimate comments upon public speeches on"The prohibition was warmly supported on moral was only an incidental point in your speech, per- Constitution.non. He wasCompanyhad ordered(In addition topublictopics.pronounced. CisteveryStateimportwhatItpleases,''vilk diaeourtesy. Ton spoke in nearly all our prin- that it was to be considered in a political light only.'"intended to supportsection on the same subject, yon Vill find no States themselves." Mr. Kino's remark was not version of historical fact,that statement is, so farIn every proposed extension of the powers of Con- gress, that State has expressly and watchfiUly except-ed that of meddling with the importation of^negroes. If the States be all left at 11t>erty on this subject. South Carolina may perfiaps, by degrees, do of herself what is wished, as Virginia and Maryland havedone. Adjourned.made until the next day, and then related to whathad been said of the refusal of South Carolina andGeorgia to join the Union, instead of anything thatdicate the claim put forth by Southern politicians, had been said on behalf of Connecticut. If you ment is just as folse, so far as it assigns a motivefor claiming superiority over us in the mat- ter of courtesy.— ;groundThe object of your visit to the North was to vin-were concerned. I could prove, by a similar array of equally conclusive testimony, that the state-sylvania, DelawareNo, 3;al the right to increase and extend the institutionliad any desire to submit Mr. Kino's sentiments on this whole subject, why did you not quote what ha jiaid upon it on the 8th of August, when the ques-tion of representation was under debate :** Mr. KiHG ban hoped that some accommodationto the action of the other colonies and to the lead-FaxDAT, Aug. 24. Gov. LiviHOSTOH, of New-Jersey, from the Commit-Ton attempted tliis, in your speeches, <fnt by showing, as a matter of history, that Ike framers of the ConMitution regarded the in- crease of Slavery as desirable for the country, andWEDNESDAY, AUG. 22.of Slavery.s-ateemen of the whole country.bly, are not ignorant of the fact that on the 20th ofOctober, 1174, the ContinentaJ Congress passed a clause as it stands. He disapproved of the Slave- to the Committee. and imert Thn migration or impor-ma^ specific proviaion for it in the Constitution would nave taken place on this subjectright tiot impboert slavefsr,oams the publicagsoodwas quire to taken them, and itkaelf;and, secondly, by showing, as a matter ofslaves. He nevertkemto have as few objections as possible to the pi dposedthat at least atimewouldhavebeenlimitedfortheimportationof;National Legislature. -Indeed, ke could so little fer- Tuade kimattf9f the rectitude of such a practice, thatexpedientFrompage1,427.Satuspat, Aug. 2S.couldwithout Umitationf and then be represented in thewith those States. Under the first head you aa- ke was not iure ks could assent to it under any circum- and will neither be concerned mHe urged on, themariufag- Convention the neoessitv of dispatching its business. the " theas the of slaves, and to Insertthat for his home at tbe morning"seitcd that Hassackaset* took the l^d," in thehire out vessels nor sell our commodities or tures to those who art concerned in it."probably by degrees complete it.theImportation year eighteenstancet. YoulUadison Papers, HI.,1,282.]year limiting This words,lAuii left Naplesit was unjust for them, their descend-Kow, I did say that this line of argument showed them vote. Are they property? Why, then, is notlM South,and theThe artillery consists of thirty batteries,withthat you were either very imperfectly informed in the history of the country, or very reckless andother property included ? The houses in this city <Fhlladelphia) are worth more than all the wretchedm South Carolina and Georgia 180 Mr. GovxsMDx Moasis, of Pennsylvania, withdrewguns,anscrupulousin the statement of facts.The firstowned a slave,couldFifthCorpsthe same occasionfrom the Maiison Papers, Vol. III., page 1203.7 :No, 4.:agreeto letbeimportedscheme of government, he it best to leave thewere festivities, and universal joy vras aoani-toMr. Gonvianca Mctais moved to insert "free" forever. But it is unnecessary quotemaking South Carolina and mencedtheir de- before tbe word inhabitants." Much, be said, would clarations or enter upon any further historical in-tirai. It was the corse of Heaven on tJie States whereit the free of the Hl<idle prevailed. Compare regionsStates, where a rica and noble culiivation marks the prosperity and happiness of the people, with the mis-which, underpowerof the most enthoiiastic details ate gtven.kat boandof Virginia, Maryland, and the other States havingCocrespondeat tetcgraidisthat in the Papal war budget for 1861, the expenses of the War Department are stated at 41182,000 Roman dollars, foran army of 34,000 men.The Augsburg Gazette says that the total number oftroops in Venetla is ISS,000 men. Tke infantry cost-erypoverty wliich overspread the barren wasteslic were opposed to it.and Georgia."TheThey prevent the emigration of whites, whoslaves. Travelthroughthewholecontinent,and behold the prospect continually varying with the ap-speechcial Convention, held in Montgomery, May, 1858,youpearance and disappearance of^Slavery. The moment on the subject of reopening the African Slave-They pro- termmaster of slaves is bom a petty tyrant They bring to the those States.only contradiction of this,you leave the Eastern States, and enter New-York,of basing upon it the appeal to the people of the the effects of the iaetitution become visible. Passing tradeAnd you made this representation for the purposeBortb, that, as Ihcir fathers had thus clearly de- criterion of superior iraprvvement witnesses theand in that speech I find you saying;" If it were not for the names of MADiioN, RA5-Uie judgmtntof Heaven on a cotmtry. As nations cannot be rewarded or punished in the next world,from a lust of embarked gain,As to the States being in pos-people ofMr. Sbxxvan. of Connecticut liked a descriptionProceed southwardly, and— take, through the great regions of slaves, presents a its increase, and had forced ttiis increase upon desert increasing with the increasing proportion ofDOLFU, IdASonquoted in order to frown down the presumption of a yoimg man at this day for pretending to understandtheyByofcausesclined by the old Congress, and were not piecing loclared their approval of Slavery, and provided for change.evsry step yousome people.—ants, to denounce and restrict it now.I would even now throw the lance of de- bate to any gentleman to stand up here and maintamCltmxb,Pennsylvania,through the Jerseys and eotering Pennsylvania, everybelterthan the term which had been de- proposed,these nretched what is it that beings. Upon principlethis subject,had,the slaves shall t>e computed in theMr.WxLUAHSON,prises 122,000 men,cavalryis In proportion.Are men t theythat theseGod every countryman of mine was disposed to judge of the Issues between the North and South for himself,it more in favor of humanity, from a view ofa of totaland six batteries with 36 rifle cannon. The largest garrisons are at Venice and Mantua. The? Then make them citizens and letsession of the to this was tlie case with right Import,many other rights, properly to be given up. He heldit in of thateseential, every point view, tlie GeneralGovernment should have power to prevent the in-slaves v«ho cover the riceThe admission of slaves into the representation, whenout.saySlavery.fairl;' explained, comes to this — Georgiathat tlie inhabitantMr. DicKiHSsif wished the clause to be confined to the Slates, which had not themselves prohibited the go importation of slaves, and for that purpose moved toswampsof South Carolina.was daily expected in Venetia. Villa- franca and Marmlrola, on the MIncIo, have 'powerfulAt Se-he wasthe Slave-trade. The distin- from the Madison Papers, and the sagacious man- Coast of Africa, and in defiance of the most guished, venerable, practical and philosophical gen-on character. He that if said, however, itwas fur-:h«m of the dilemma I abandon. Tour quotations of and South Carolina whoto the it would weaken the South, and, therefore, the entire prohibition offorSlaverysacred laws of humanity, tears away his fellow crea-tures from their dearest connections, anddamns themto a most cruel bondage, shall have more votes in agovernment instituted for protection of the rights ofmankind than the citizen of Pennsylvaiiia or New-Jersey, who views with a laudable horror so nefarious aia i[ quite tair to say that you are reckless and practice. He would add that domestic Slavery is the a senilment In relation to Slavery that is not enter-importationner in which you have weeded out from the pas-tleman from Virginfa (Mr. Rdppin) knows thatJfr.also multiply so fast in VirgU'ia and Maryland that it is cheaper to rai^c than import them, whilst in the sickly rice swamps foreign supplies are necessary, if we go no further than is urged, we shall be unjust to- wards South Carolina and Georgia. Let us not inter-Ton accuse me of having given"ed from importing fresh supplies of wretched Africans, at once to increase the danger of attack and the diffi-ComnUssionersto carry on negotiatiaiu for a of Peace with the Ambassadors of Ftmei andto this which subject everythingwas wrong in his ideas about Slavery. I need not eipaliate on that subject, because it is a matter ofthe of the Legislaturebestiano,on are the materials for two pontoon the'Po,sages relatingmakes against your position, shows that you areJ^ff'trsonUnited States until the year 1808"—which was dis-" imperfectlynnscrupulous" in jour statements. Those moods most prominent feature in the aristocratic counten- anceofthe*proposedConstitution. Thevassalageofhistorythere was amongthe framers of the who Constitution,agreedwas thennotinformed" on this "Norof theagreedto, importationimply a certain degree of indifference as to the thethe Legislature priorryland, North Carolina, Sputh Carolina, Georgia-New-Jersey, Pennsylvaida, Delaware, Vir-tenth or felsehood of statements madecompensationto the Northern States for a sacnhce of every principle of right, of every impulse of humani'.v ? 'Thev are tothe of insurrection from influence, danger foreigntljat wHl become a motive ol kind treatment of thecareful, first to make a statement which is exactly the opposite oi the truth, and thento make it plausible by scrupulously falsifying theSlavery, which we of this day are unanimously agreed• * » IfIcould this to were not sound. ge: bodydivest themselves of the shackles that MADiauif, Jif- PKI80N and Mason have thrown about them concern- ing Slavery, and could get them to imderstand that South Carolina is against any, even the most limited,areexceedingly7 ; ginia-No, 4.recordsbywhichitis' tobetested. ThatI lu«t full warrant for this serious charge, I shallsels and seamen in case 01 foreign attack. 'The Legisla-ture will have indefinite power to tax them by excisesand duties on imports, both of which will fall heavier oncase ofGreece,other an-publicto this letter the full debate on that clause of the Constitution which relates to theprohibition of unbiasedmankind had been slaves.If the Southern States w.reprove by appendingthem than on the Southern inhabitantsclosing at 70.10.garbled extracts"from that debate. In order to show at whose door cultly of defence:dinary Treaty England,tliat charge justly lies, I copy your letter,the debate as you have professed to quote it....Thomas Brown.We arehad beenof ratificationsing to a specialject of a separate negotiatiim and Convention."«KAND CITIC BANQUBT IN LONDON.subject.meddle. As increases poor laborers will be populationfollows **state of defence, and any point menacedjection "Fit^m this ii be understood in what might-VmbaSSa-;proposedoldfogies of that day enttttatned opinionspoorwhileyou tocracy. And-whatis theoffspringTery well knew before, that neither Massacbu- tloLed to It is idle to reprrsentatlon.after itssuppliedout ofsuppose that aetta, noi any other Northern State, "iruisted" tint the fJenrral Cuvernment can stretch its hand direct-to confederate on such unequal terms. He7.People's nommatlon to be indorsed.powertoprohibit,itatonce;andthattheyyielded grutstiLl>ifCiiiUdUttttfs,thansaddle their consent to its continuance for twenty years, such a Con^t'tutioii.with SlaveLabor,isnearlytwiceasrichastheNortli consumptionalso,andthemoreofthis,ttiemorerev-TAHUANYCOIINCILIIANICNOMINATIONS.The Councllmanic Conventions of the TammanyImpartant SpeechesonlyCarolina and Georgia, and for the purpose of trade" hierely ? Docs that look likeclared,John Edward C. Malloy,South Carolinacan never receiveBut I have saidquite enoughexports.;Joseph Murphy.IHe cited thecient Statts— the sanction given by France, Holland and other modern States. In all ages one-half ofhas ever been the favoriteof aris-jin relation toyearbind themselves to march their militia for thethe Southern States, for their defence against these very—wrong. It is justified by the example of all the world.Slavesofwhomtheycoiiiplaln. "TheyHome and thewhich.It wassaM, spring.fottea used a Northern freeman will bybut the Paris PotrispublishedUnion." Mr. Baldww, of Geor- nntil 1808," in order to increase the number of cotton at home,to affectIhe health of theCount PxRSioirr, in acknowledging the compliment,Carolina fTomtkegia; said, " Georgia was decided on this point,'' and that "it uiight be understood in what lightenough she exports the whole of it.light riteForeignslaves, and to widen the basis of Slavery." A the argument few words now upon the other branch of tliis as-sertion, namely, that it was done against the wishwould view an atten.pl to abridge one of her favoriteprerogatives. If left to htrself, she may probably put aJohn McGrath, Ward EighteenthFainfdteerenth WarNdm ;James Gruinoleton,representationlaws were constitutional se. 1 would to per;So much for the historical part of the argumentlet alone, they will probably of themselves stop impor-advanced,the followmg stalesoent which obtained but little cre-goesto be considered in a moral we tight,ammunition aredefence^ofto which thewill be found on the second page of thea readymust ves- supplytofor the Boheamore taxRentes Thereisnothinglater,payprdiibition of the Slave-trade, on which you base than the whole consumpUon of the miserable slave, by which you endeavored to convince the people olina, vote for it An attempt to take away the rightSlave-trade. And it was that threat which indudedMassachusetts and the other to Northern Coloniesit the subject of a second letter ;—and in that letterStates will not agree to the Constitution, as stated on the Riopknino or the Af- one side, he could affirm with equal belief, on the rican Slati-tKadi is the practical object which other, that great and equal opposltlnn would be expe- that movement is mtended to accomplish ;—that it rienced from the other States. He remarked on the exemption of slaves from drty, whilst every other im- pori was subjected to It, as an Inequality that couldSo much forcame into the Constitution.prove anything, they prove that it was inserted onthe manner in which this clause If historical recordswill be accomplished within the Union if the nationUr. Lakghoh, of New- Hampshire, was strenuousfor degrees do, of herself what is wished, as Virginia the demand of the principal Southern Colonies, In the sense in which you and those whom you givtiig the power to the General Government. He couldIf left to herseU she may prob-a stop to the evU." It was by such alter- Northern Colonies conceded it solely and exclu- the establishment of a new Confederacy on cease to import slaves.traffic,beingrestrain-ably put resting nate threats and promises that the Northern dele- tively for the sake of securing the adherence of the African Slave-trade as the bond of its union,gates were induced to assent to the compromise those Colonies tOL the Union. Gen. Puoknit, in and the basis of its prosperity.^RAYMOND.proposed by the Committee to which the subject Convention, acknowledged " the liberal conduct"Your obedient servant,HKNRYN»w-ToiK, Not. 43, IBM.Hon. W. L. YiHCiT—Dear Sir: I have was recommitted,—namely that the trade should of the Eastern States on this occasion, and wasJ.—1 jonr reply of Not. 9 to an editorial article in not be prohibited before 1800, and also to the willing to return it by concessions on the subjectIk* Tlim of Oct 27, in wUch you claim to haTe amendment offered by Mr. Pimckkit, of South of commerce. You, on the contrary, attempt toBetiiement ofIsland Home.Details of the Sirrender of Cipia."Slavery and anBlack BepubUcan cause, viz.: Mr. Thublow rant of these facts, that you could possibly judgment whether you do not thus convict Mr. L. Mauw, of Maryland, proposed to vary arti- The people of those States vvUl never be such fools aswhat style the youthinks that Iforth Carolina, South Carolina andhostile and malig-Carolbia, makingIt is impossible to suppose that yon were igno- approval of the Slave-trade. I submit to the pub-tionGtoeorgia wsilalvesvebre agree to thethpelmt, unless their rightit 1808.distort it into an indorsement of—or licimport usitouched, expectation is vain.have mistaken the motive of this action of the Northern delegates.Yon quote from Rrnra Kino the remark thatyourself of being utterly use of historical facts.tu so live upwas strenu-—as Massachusetts and the other Northern coloniesConnecticut, New- North Carolina, South New-Hampshire, Penn-Massachusetts, absent [The whole subject was thus recommitted forthe purpose of coming to some compro-nise.] Front Uadison Papers, Vol. III., p. 1,415."IjtgYou, proba-—InConvention Article7,Section4,wasresunaed.teeofEleven,deliveredthefollowingreport'* Strike oat so much uf the 4t h section aa was reterredafter which time we will wholly discoMiniie the Slave-trade, it ourselves, nor toill wemoved to strike"that the Slave-trade should not be pro- proposing to recommit the clause for the purpose This was the tone and temper of the people at nated in the avarice of British merchants. The tion.CoDTention that framed the Constitution, inin-quotePennsylvania,Col.Masok,Virginia.Caprera.paidtitling"kibited nntil 1808, and afterwards in placing this —•lause beyond the reach of amendment. I have South, and sneeringly say it was made a subject•karacterized this assertion as a perversion of theof trade, and not of moral Let me speculation."commend to any to whom you have may~&ets of history — ;and your letter of Nov. 9 is angiven such an knpression of his views, the followinghave been proved dangerousthe wouldhaveenemy, they On ihe which in the affirmative.Gov.ofasMorbis,of making a bargain between the North and"ofBritish Government constantly checked the attemptsofVirginia to put a stop to it The present question con-cerns not the States but the whole imparting alone,I'nion The evil of having slaves was experiencedthe late war. Had slaves been treated as during theybyInstruments In their hands. But motion, passedNew- Hampshire, Massachusetts, Connecticut Mary-He mentioned ueslaves I9 Greece and Sicilygiven by Cbomwbu to the Commissioners sent to Vir- ginia, to arm the servants and slaves in case other means of Obtaining Its submission should fall.land and Virginia, he said, had already prohibited theIsland ofthe outset of our national career. It was the poli- cy which the framers of the Constitution desired to adopt. It was the same sentiment which prompted Mason and Morris and Rurus Kixo aifd Lxtther Martin to denounce Slavery as a icurse to the coim-and on try,and to insist that the General Government should have power to check its growth by prohibiting itsMr. Madison, ofVirginia—Twenty years will pro-states that the de- parture of Fbarcib II. from Gaeta was imminent in consequence of the advice given to his Majesty byincrease and stopping the Slave-trade at once andMr. GoviRaxua Moxxis, of Pennsylvania, was for the clause read at once, " the Importation ofYou have yourself conceded diat the main obstacle wUeh yoa eneovatar toImportation of slaves expressly. done the same ic substance.thepoor despiseperformsd by;"anInterest. Heous against striking out the section, aad seoonded theand resolutions solenmly pledging them- " under the sacred ties of virtue, honor andtation of such persons a* the several States, now exist- ing, shall think proper to admit, shall not be prohibited bj the Legislature priar tothe year 1800."the Cathedral, and afterwards to the Palace. Animmense crowd of people assembled, notwithstand-ingthetorrentsofrainwhichwerefisIUng. Therepreambleselves,love-of our country,"didRepub- I have before me a copy ofThe London that the dissolutionand whose names have been olliers,an inevitable chamHe lamented that some of ourthat the opinions of old fogydom could be utterly wipednow that Mr. JxrrxBSO!) in.his political ethics on Slavery was right ? he cannot say so. Mr. JzFFiaso.v thought* *Will my Iriend (Mr. Peioi)crease ofMr. Eli-svokth, of Coimecticut as he had never his motion.known to everybody. It that was the fact,to nem con.The first part report;bridges,steamer. The same journal saysthe coasts are in auponb^ntmhcrs vj the Union if the elau$e should be It is true,andisgreatly to her honor, that Virginia and other provisions all these are paid for out of South Carolina and Georgia were themselves dis- Brandon. TS^enty-lirstTweeted." Mr. UuTLKDGE said, " if the Convention—and generally in posed to get rid of the importation of slaves in a shortsecond Ward. MOZARTthat North Giorgiawill ever ar^rre to tkeHALL PRIMARY ELECTIONS.The priniarv elections of the Moiart Hall Democ-O^keright to import slants be untuurhcd, the expecta-Carolina, South Carolina andin one way or an-tion is vain." These quotations aredebate on this proposition. Theso l«clariitionswas noton their behali; nor had she their surplus of her products over h^r own consump- Mr. of GiRRT,made by leadingSouthern men, an.lastheyhave beento state in these very speeches, that these domestic!""' ,").S"ffiirst ^itoe Uiat Is not thethe of London has Cityplan,In the .ntereswunlesn theirprohibitiOBthis as "the head of the Soutliem Colonies ;" she she can claim that crop as exports,—choice of delegates to the various Char- especially to the sacrifices which,all from the were were the turn-acting On thewe hail,, Ik. I or,) Mayor has words which 'he Lord Mayorcontrary,her motives for i^ assailed then,rows C.MONn.issible, on every principle of honor and safety, thattl.e importation of slaves should be authorized to the the Seventh District met last evenibg at theandqwstionhappiness iconld Oe promoted made the following nominations: Jacos M. Luno, ffi » hich many pollUcians yetsui port.ii]^\e^, liuttughl to be carrful not to give fuiy suiicttmoui anyworthythat clause. Yet, you have not quoted a siugl,. one " she willnot 7 Because they would have renilered it iiQ. Khe wants." This is very much in the vein of amount from the exports of the South,'""""f of ,Msis* implefor you to attribute this action of the Con- iSouth Carolina commentspossible upon Virginianow. It see how much you will have left, as the measure impedid by the importation ; and this ought to be left to Twelfth Ward S. D. BiBauAx, Nineteenth Ward vIounderbtand-Mmely: that instead of those rivalthe National , ; we wlmessed In of»ention, and of the Northern States, to the motine is iiviite in the of spiritof the wealth of the Southern States.Government, not to the .Slates particu-A. T. CAVFiits, Twentieth Ward; O. S. Holben,hterc«ts whichformerly every partUadison and nUhcd the explanation of the sentences you net now confcidereil soun.l."a.i the [wwer .\ resolution requesting the delegates of thatWard toyoua speecheater in which I have treated itfully. Leavingpropose MKNT now;was not likely to be immediately exercised by thename its own man was adopted, Aeknowledinnent.ba<f quoted them, they would have fur- who " hel.irasde me during the canvass, at Roch- Ihe account apprchemleu bythese mistrusts, which on every Incident of policy are gen-from New England men. Tliey would have Uow the othershown that not a single man from Uas.sachusetts or proposition to prohibit ,)>..eratedbecause we cannot effect In a day the traces of soquotet^outhprn Colonies regarded the Slavr-tradc has beentint it did notdirectlv prohibit the tniportalion of slaves, itIt is because, many otl>er Northern colony, said one solitary sylla- ble in favor of Slavery or of continuing the Slave-inmation of the Union would be impossible. And they distinctly refused to join the Unii if Con- somewhat~--;f^^5S»t^iS^-'^tode —and that their ;ina greater degreeMiss CampbellJ. P. Greenpoint. Josei ritAnil [uestrianA Fr *nd...$1 00, E. L.J'""abolish. Theit at all was the tear that without such assent the Norlh Carolina, Soutli Carolina aiMl (other inaii nowand the h»ad. As I desire t.) troat itonlymotive forassentingtoonlyotherwerex'orjria and the authorliving,ladies & Totalgain by stoppingwhich hks rais^ this great city to so high aremarks atyou had assigned—namely, a desire to continue the ery, in lh.")H, when you advocated the reopening of But I shall not exiend this letter, likely at tiest Slavery, slaves are, at the same time, excluded from Twenty-second Ward.the developmentin order to "increase the number of theUvfs,' and widen "the basis of slavery." If 01 Virgmiii—Jtu-Knsyj,."too by further comments boih those khigdoms. Greece and Rome were made The delegation of the Twenty-first Ward was not not only do we possess a great number of toterests in long, any unhaipy by their slaves. He could not believe that but that no in of the world this point. I send y«u with it the report of the buuihern States would refuse to confederate on present, and no nondnation for that Ward was ni.ide. chaovmemownc,any interestltohnagteris hoasntyilep.art[Loud cheers.]8Uv«-tra<le,"old fogiesto be much uponyour Slave-irailc, and denounced theMontgom-Uie world,pass, throughothers— opinions on this subject which areapparent alr.a.ly. M.-,ryland andmajlehad abohshed the trafllc.Virginia had none loXlOoucachfrom a State licensing maniiini.-'i;',n. He tbnuirtil ttieDelaware .Soiitliern Co nniesof which I consider you, to caprogress, than any;from eUewljere,andmeto induce them still further to yield their hostility gress were clothed with power tc pri>h;tui the in this communication will permit,—1 shal: irakt ilr.^-Ki-vp, o: "Ma'-«ac')ufe'i'. tf.i. ufi: t':r f l.ri-'.Ml Ivn,us in all the Interests of the whiteTheso plenty as to render slaves useless. Slavery, in time, of such persons as the several States now existing could receive succor wlfli great rapiJity.were true to tained now.Fbtok—That is true. Mr.Yasoit—ThatIsallIask. ThenIsahrthattheorcompleteThe returns of the Bank of France slww a monthlydecrease In cash durmg Novemtier of over twenty- five millions of francs, and an increase in bills dis- counted of over forty-three millions.It was stated positively In Paris that final orders hadMr.shall think proper to admit, shall not be prohibited by 10 the 180a"the Slave-trade, I should not fear their Judgment."Tbe Bourse,which consists of nothing more tian his physical sub- serious to theyour statement, and from which you have pre- sistence and the rag that covers bis nakedness. On the of the North that Slavery ought to be increased. aBiiToposed,unll produce objections Cou- The Republican Ward Conventions met last even- dence in England"from China an- Commissioners-Extraor-tended in your latter to quote evidence of ks truth. other side, the Southern States are not to be restrain-Your next point was to prove by statistics that Slavery is a great blessing to the (ountry^ because it had made the Sotith much richer than Free La-stitvtion, which he wished to see adopted.General Pihcknxy, of South Carolina, declared it to ing, and made the following nominations for School nounce that the Chinesenay, they are to beby lin assurance of having their votes in the National bor had made the North. And your argument was the assent of their constituents. South Carolina and 2. Adj. to Monday.toAdj. Monday.includingNow, you will see from this record, wliat yoa en>pt from al) contributions for the public service. its exports,assuredsignedthe last accounts tliat the Treaty;to encouraged it.inliuence, it would be of no avail towards obtaining 1. .Adj. to Wednesday.12.13.14.15. Erastus C. Benedict 16. Adj. to Monday.1 7.. Samuel P. Patterson. 18. .James Fairman. 19—Michael A. Reed— C.Schwartz,sbort term.I..Goverr merit increased in proportion, and are at the same time to have their exports and their slaves ex-— :The wealth of any country is measured bycannot do without slaves. As to she Ueorgia Virginia,will by stopping the importations. Her slaves gainwill lite In value, and she has more than she wants.It would be to South Carolina and unequal require3..Robt S.Gould. 4. Adj. to Monday.HearyVan Linden.byin thatLetit not be »aiil that direct taxation is to be prooor-Dupigny.<objectssay that the fallacy lies in your skillful manipula- as. like the present, were of a local nature. Georgia Ward ;George A. Barney, Fifth WardJos. Shannon,eign Ambassadors, were of France and .«arduilathe land,posterityenue for the common He admitted it to beto show the utter tion of the wordThe exports of the was decided on this point. That State has always Fourteenth Wardhitherto supposed a General Government to be the SecoiMf Dislricr—John Van Tine. Tenth Wardpresent,)this— owntown, and^thattheexchangethat is, by the surplus of its products4. James D.0. .Adj. to Monday.would take in Peking, accord- placewants have beenthem. Now the South exports annually of her pro-ceremonial which was to be tke ob-Ike Slave-trade should not be prohibited by Con- ly into the po«-ke(.e of the people, scattered over so ducts to the amount of $200,000,000, while the been refused to South Carolina, as to Virginia. He 8. Meelbw not found.vast a Count?}-. They ran only do it through the me-20. Nogieas nntil 1808; that on the contrary, they de- dium ofNorth exports of hers only a little over $100,000,-contended that the of slaves would t>e for fl. importation.Jamesmeetmgand excises. Forlanded that the general Government should have then, are all the sacrifices to be made T He would 000. Therefore the South, which depends upon more toi-zp-'fts, importseoiner .Miir/ii/ i^tmstif to a taxfor paying for ail the ne- producewhat,the interest of the whole Union.The more slaves the:exportsEleventh Ward; Anthony Miller, Thirteenth—or at leas', not—did resist the continuance of the Slave-trade. She the proceeds of her cotton crop,had that traffic for Ikerself, and its advance. She sends that crop to market burdened lime, as had been suggested, they would never refuse prohibited urged to unite because the importation might be prohibited.for all the States. But she did not do with the debt incurred for these supplies. Before AS the section now stands, all articles imported are toSeventeenth Ward.Tct all the supplies which she draws from the North— her cotton goods, her manufactured woolens, herdors.:;— :man,amended asmigrationwhich relies upon Free Labor. Without entering treasury.reasonable that slaves shoulu be dulled like other im-Others.,My Lord Mayor and genUemen, I am qul:e sure that the wishes which have just bean expressed favorite prerogatives." Mr. WiLLIAXSOH, of Noilh oi Virginia, as the representative of the Southern plantation tools, her teas, silks and imported luxu- yond the mere equality D/mfn,extending their human- PatFroi«crk<* DistricNti-nJtSieCeOnbth Ward ,3olm Brice, Twen- for the continuance of peace will be received withsb|attemptspectablepeople,carried their ethics be-M. Long, Twelfth Ward;would view antoone of herwnoWard.abridgeclass ofity to the claims of the whole animal creation." thus forced C*-oUn^ thought the Southern State* could not Colonies, andthem. a of her her beef ries, very large proportion bacon,Alex. Alex.Ward, wenty-this branch of the subject, therefore, I:subjtct im-of the following sums manyfully,—more so than the limits 1,-itry,and will! hany^lat*niust d'?ai,'rec to.more dearly and more posiUvely lmpres.'*edwith tmsUntitled Documentor to concede the principle of the Equality of the SutesTkeDekate From Ike MadisonGaribalditoHisIn tketke FrahlbttiaB af the 8lmT*-Timde.Papers,pp. 1388,etsef.;tmtrheapsroinvaiblleeg.e Northern and Southern States.Mr. BpTua, of declared that he never 'themotivesby. AndInthethirdplace,itwasinconsistentwiththe wouldagreetotheGpeoowregriao,ftaxingexports.morning of the 10th, and from Queenstown on tbeeveningofthe11th,arrivedatttiisportyesterdayaf-grounds by Virginia,—and Connecticut Immediately mit me to refer to the other branch of your main Mr, RcTLxsex, of South Carolina, did not see how posed to a tax on slaves Imported, as making the mat- the Scotia and several screw steamers now on the 'Of all men, you should be the lastto reproach your political opponents at the North —while Massachusetts ably seconded Connecticut argument, and the practical policy which it waswere Heprt^erty. stocks) the construction of a new first-class screw-and would readily exempt the other States from the Importation should be given to the General Govern- steamer of over 2,900 tons register, to take the place c^«l cities, to large "Sudieuces, two-thirds of whcHn This is a very adroit arrangement of words, true You have been engaged now for several years in obligation to protect the Southern against them. Re- ment It would be exercued. He thought it would be of the Etna, which has been sold to the Liverpool,ligion and humanity had nothing to do with this ques- its duty to exercise the power.kad not the slightest sympathy with your views, or in themselves, but so arranged as to convey a very the endeavor to secure the repeal of the laws of tion. Interest alone is the governing principle with Mr. Rxxs, of Delaware, was for the commitment New-Tork and Philadelphia Company.tbe least respect for the object you sought to ac- gross and palpable falsehood. You represent Con- Congress prohibiting the Slave-trade, and to re- nations. The true question at present Is, whether the provided the clause concernbig taxes on exports A prospectus had been Issued of a " Cotton Compa-But you were heard with the most re- necticut as following the moral protest of Virginia store the full freedem of that traffic to the South- Southern States shall or shtUl not be parties to the should also be committed." Vmon. If the Northern States consult their Interest, Mr. SBixaiN, of Connecticut, observed that that ny," with a strong Manchester Board of Directors,aonpUak.spectful attention. In no instance was there the by the exclamation, let every State import what em States. At the South you are seeking to ac- thev will not oppose the increase of slaves, which clause had been agreed to, and therefore could not be the toaiightest indication of personal disrespect;will mcrease the commodities of which — come the carriers.will be-committed.Mr. Randolph, of Virginia, was for commltUng, in cotton fields in tbe Bombay presidency. The coital— —inno itpleases,"asifprotestingagainstthatmoralview complishthatresult preciselyasSouthCarolina theyprincipal objectbeingdevelop|theDharwar«aae were you interrupted, or even questioned on of the case, whereas Mr. Ellsworth used those and Georgia sought the continuance of 'the trade Mr. EiuwbiTB, of Coim^ctlcut, was for leaving the order that some middle ground might if possible, be of the Company is fixed at £100,000.any point. You were heard everywhere with just werds after Mr. Rutlidok, of South Carolina, nad ix^ the Federal Convention, by menaces of dis- clause as it stands. Let every State Import what it found. He could never agree to the clause as itaa much deference and courtesy, as if every word declared that " religion and humanity had nothing union. At the North you held a different lan- pleases. The morality or wisdom of Slavery are con- stands. He tvould sooner risk the Ctmstitution. He The funeral of the Earl of Dchdokals had beensiderations belonging to the States themselves. What dwelt on the dllenuna to which the Convention was fixed to take place qn the IMi Inst, at Westminster yoa uttered had accorded fully wjth the opinions to do with this question," and that "the true ques- guage. You asserted that the Fathers of the Re- enric'hes a part enriches the whole, and the States are exposed. By agreeing to the clause, it would revoltand sentiments of those you addres^. If you willtion is whether the Southern States shall or shall—the framers of the Constitution—deeming the best judges of their particular interest. The old the Quakers, the Methodists, and many others In the Ahbey,public•oitrast this reception with that which would not be parties to the Union ;" and he added, as a an increase of Slavery desirable, provided for it by be did not see any greater necessity for bringing it States might be lost to the Union. Let us, then, hekaTc greeted any one of your opponents, who salvo to his own mind, " the morality or wisdom keeping the Slave-trade open until 1808. I have within the policy of the new one. eaid, try the chance of a commitment—Confederation had not meddled with this and States no slaves. On the other hand, two point, havingPrince Axfbis reached Plymouth on the Vth Inst.,on board the frigate Euryalus, and early on tbe samemorning two vessels, supposed to be the Bern and theAriadne, of the Prince of Wales squadron, wereseen off the Bill of Portland. passing upKing Victor Emakukl had published a proclamation to the Neapolitan and Sicilian peoples, accepting theMr. PiacxNiT, of South Carolina—Souti Carolina akoald attempt to address the people of your own of Slavery are considerations belonging to the shown how utterly baseless—how wanton a per- can never receive the plan ifit prohibits ths Slave-trade. ofOn the question for committing the remaining partthe ofslavescouldbe importationter worse, becaase It Implied theythissection. He was not apprehensive of insurrection, acknowledged that if the power of prohibiting theoftiade: yet as the States were now possessed of theUr, Sbismah,Connecticut,leavingfBAUii, entered Naples.They proceeded together toNorth Carolina had All this would be in T»tn,lfBontkCaito«a aat-aanigla ke at Ube^ toGeorgiaprohibited,encouraged bywas forthenot re-alreadyof the Two Sicilies transferred to him by universal suf^ige.On the 7th Inst., His Majesty, accompanied by Ga&-Import The Western people are ealMng out Be wiskm it to he «already , part ofSlavery discourages arts and manufac-he should notCol. Mason, of Virginia, was not against using the PopeIs The positiw).must be in this.and eflects, Providence pimlshes national sins by na-tional calajnities. Eastern brethrenin this nefarious traffic.labor whento byStates,P^nl army guardNorthduo: the most pernicious effect on manners. Every South Carolina and Georgia, lest it should give offenceit isnot judge of the effects oftother and free those already in the country. As slaves amend tbe clause, so as to readImmense quantities ofsent from the terminus at Verona to Mantua.oughtgarrisons.viu not bfia speck in our country. Provision is alreadymaiJe in Coimecticut for atmiistung it, and the at>oll-tienhasalreadytakenplaceIn Ma-ssachusetts. Asto New-Hampshire,Massachusetts,Connecticut,Ma-slaves.Mr. PixcKSXT, of South Carolina If Slavery beAye,[The letterIn reply, TiaiB.ll^eal Folltiea.HirrBLlCAH NOMMATIOIIB FOB SCHOOL OOHKIS- BIOXXKS.tations Hewould,himself,asacitizenofSouthCar-be his firm opinion that if himself and all his colleaguesappointedarrived at Tien-tsln on the tth September.w ere to the Constitution and use their Wsrda. sign personalUtrOl.sGaeiodrgia before the had never Uie royal assent, revolution,.to threats of secession on the part of South Doex iliat 'ook like making this a '• subject of upon any detailed examination of this point, ports but should consider a rejeruon of the clause as Hall Democracy met In their respective Districts, last On Friday night, Nov. 9, the new Lord Mayor of ;an exclusion of South Caroliria from the Union.Mr. Baldtim, of Georgia, had conceived national the adhesion of those States to the on a continuance of the Slave-trade for twenty clearly will its sophistry appear.) it is enough to alone to be before the Convention; not such"PiKCKHiT said he " should consider the re- head of the Northern Colonies, " insisted that the ducts of the NorthLondon, (Right Hon. W. Ccbitt,Henry accordingtocustom,HerMajesty's.Mioislers,securingDnlan. Mr. Fisomut in that debate de- years?;Close, Seventh Ward; George P. Bickford, Fourththe For- (of which only (he Representativesinsisting" (although the more closely it is examined the morethe nominations following:"the:planifit prohibitetheSlave-trade." Gen. falsityt>fyourassertionthatIfassachusette,asthe Northdoreallyandtrulymeasurethesurpluspro- pursuitofthecentralStales,whowishedtonavea H.Uoogkirk,EleventhWardbut the Southof the clause as an tzdusion of South Slave-trade should not be prohibited by Congress whole crop. She does not consume any of her not prudently purchase it by yielding national jpowers. John Ryan, Seventeenth Wardemploythecarryingtrade the more 11.. Adj. to Monday. ;22 James Marriner.of Ceont de FerslKsy^ I^erdPsUmersten,LerdJohnUnsscil,and;her vortex for ever) thing; that her distance would pre- Wardtinguishedcompany,The usual loyal toasts having been given, the Lordclude her from C'lual advantage and that she ;,Atop to the evil.took notice ef the sect 01— ;Mr. WiisoM, ofPennsylvania,observed tha* if;Ward1livelyAs one ground for this conjecture, heWard tJhohWnaGridbsonT,imFiofttheyenLt.h Ward, .T_eAlnetxh-that is as the be taxed, .slaves alone are exempt. This is in fact a bounty on that article.took several ol the Wards, \heThere was other, aU the Kreat Powers a,e makinghear.) for ttie friendlyMassachusetts,she was denounced, and tion,— she must deduct that debt. Now you go on noihing to do with the conduct of the SUtes as toJ Tito it.ing points of the action of the Couvemi.,,, upon since. " As to Virginia," says Gen. Pincknet, purchases made at tlie North, to supply the wants Mr. D1CXIN8OS, of Delaware, considered it as Inad- The National Union Councllmanic Convention of paiions Jh« P"°"„<'f ^nsdence and security. Thethe importations. Her of the Southern States, amount to nearly two hun-of them in your citations from that debate. Why slaves will rise in value, and she has more than dred millions of dollars every year. Deduct that S aies by. the Constitution. Tke truewith that pracUcal spirit of;larly interested. If and France permit Englandit has come toof our manufacturing and coomiercial existence, thatsomewhatmore GeneralGovernineni.Mr. VililiAMsos, of North Carolina, staled the lawonbothsidesof ? ftis the Channel [Hear.)j;.Vl on nn'h Southern suits roul'l nntbi' nicniljers uf lUi' I'fiiKii.if Ihe clau.'-o -hucM b.- reiecle-lwrong 10 f'.rce ;ii)yit,itt^ d.,'WD iioT'a^s-jl itelv upce^.'-a-.2 00 Two 1 Ofllge;'-Thomas M. Tryniski 309 South 4th Street Fulton New York 13069www.fultonhistory.comespeciallytheseWhy, then, anxieties,thesesuspicions,;and llat ll.w-i^— — mindsarethoughtbutof note.electionpassed off w 1th-^^ ^^ m ?he miist of the preoc:u-couldMichael C. Gros^^,T*irii DiflricI—John Dolan, Eighteenth Ward; Mayor proposedshould be considered in a political light only. Ft twocould then go on uilA thewithouted by the opinions here given, that they will themselvesCaaTentlanofITSfan moveonedifficultythathadbeenstarted.Mr. RoTuBsa, of South Carollna^j/' Ikt Conven-cle 7, section 4, so as to allow a prohibition or tax onthe importatloQ of slaves. In the flrst place, as fiveslaves are to be counted as three freemen, in the ap-portionment of Representatives, such a clause would the whole nibject to be committed, including theThe BoyalUail steamerlight only," and draw the inference that he and his It settles tke question as to die part taken by the place, slaves weakened one part of the Union, which act These things may form a bargain among the RON, which sailed from Liverpool at 6 o'clock on thepoliticalmotion of Gen. Pirckhit for a commitmentMr. GotrvumcK Moaus, of Pennsylvania, wishedtkem, if tkeymade that a sinequaop-and i of article 7sections^Jersey, Maryland, Virginia, Carolina, Georgia—Aye, 7:of Southout the words, "the year eighteen hundred,"Gen. PiirCKVXT,Carolina,A Naples dispatch of the 9th announces that Gai-bimdred and eight" Infernal traffic origi- Mr. GosHAM, of Massachusetts, seconded the mo-The last visit that he the English Admiral Minn>T.was toduce ail the mischief that can be from apprehendedthe liberty to import slaves. So long a term will be more dishonorable to the American character, than to say nothing about It In the Constitution.Another from dispatchNaplesmighttheir folly dealt br the slaves as it did by the torles. land, North Carolina. South Carolina. Georgia—Aye, The Neapolitan army at Gaeta was reported toshaU not bewould be most fair, and would avoid the ambiguity byIhefkeUMTrraaanadto tbaStataa lalskthe defeated.the members from those urge Itof thewill haveasimple ofS,(Xiemen. Inslaves," but against namingCarolina,representedconcurred with Mr. .of North Carolina, said that both in opinion and practice, he was against Slavery, butMr. Snixu.iN.ofthoughtall circumstances, to leton those ttrms than to exclude themfrom the Union,Theof slaves into such of the States as shall permit tliesiiall not besame, prohibited byw. Farr. 10. .No nominaUon.found. W. W. NUes.tieth Ward;of Mr.Tanc»t,foregoingisbeen given for the formation ofof reserve to sea nextevening, and madeFirst District—Morgan Jones, Sixth WardM. P..) entertained,LukeCurran, T«eniiethwas, '• Side Pocket," No. 54 West Thirty-first-streethn'smess it has been the first to see,*,^n?r7chc6 and power,—and then whithir the national or do not seein suffiolent-ol North Carolina on the to witto say something of the Disunion Mov£- posed a duly o' X5 on each shtve tmponO'l from Afri- sent to my care for " an English family in distrv«." still too much disposed to look at the events of theplacelastevening.I acknowledge theN -w-YoRX. Nov. 21. T. K. CIIIPHA.V.;present through the magnifying and deceptiveof the recollections of the But, thank pastthe sense, the interest of goodof usreceipt>2 00'" "" mirages icheers] for every day men's;;*' ;;Judges:;racy, lor Uieter Conventions,cm-iilerable strife among the rival candidates in of the general peace. [Hear, addressed to FranceCONTINTION.COCNCILMAN^C of '"^^..""^iid.a ileinan of Brook-Ihe reason,nations, tend every day to dis.sipate these falsifying.'tit50sovereign authoritythe commandersof theforeignfleets.described aschatactir,Post's Paristwo large iron steamers, and one small tug:Latest advicesthethe Ei-Ministers, the Corporadon, and a dis-at the Guildhall, which was mag- niccently decorated for the occasion.saidsaUsfactionbythewholeofthediplomaticbody in London. I see the proof of it In th«t spirit of wis- dom and moderation which so happily exhibits itselfn the conduct of the European Governments, and:of rivalry and strifecenturiesspite of ourselves, and unwittingly, we are bothglasses Heaven, the twosquadronwill beon the itth, was very animated, andof  