 " J*>;-mJP"' ^»">«/«Republic encountered it imfghthSve giventbey their.,^S?tt><NEW-YORK,THURSDAY.MARCH1, 1860.'lawfully, conductingthoofh iaaae1>e>and on the (aiw w* not lOl tmBetoi^Uliaawhich aredisturbinggreater ability, even if not more reliable purpose to maintain the new treaty inviolate, made hastepened. Inthenineteenthcentury,theeraofthe bat ourselves have been either abridging or alto-—pitpaiverjFree latwrers would emigrate, and slaves might labor, more firmly than ever insisted on the con- policy, subverted the free Republic of Nicaragua, only give heed, that what our system of uUior woifca of armed provagasdiaU ofxis a Political be imported into the United State*, ne Esthers stitutional doctrine that slaves voluntaril; carried and opened it to Slavery and the African Slave- oiit, wherever it works oat anything, is the equality lawful as tbair own retaliatioD agreed that Congress may establish onifoim laws by their master8.into the common Territoriea, or trade, and held it in that condition waiting annexa- of wliite men. The laborer in the Free States, no to subvert Siavarr in Virginia'.S^'_... _^BBSaBLE CONFLICT.dischargedfromsuchlabororservice,butshallbe orbyanyauthority,divested; andthelaborStates, oversolargeaportionofthecontinentofNorth yoursocialayitem,whatwaitantItaveyouforanp- Iwrders.inspiredbyan delivered op on claim to the person to wliom such havmg become now more essentially Democratic America ? posing that we should carir negro equality among themselves, and n^-g^nul labor or service shall be due. than ever before, by the great development of free Citizens of the United States, in the spirit of this you f We know, and we will show you, If yon will wronga (hat soma ofSemlanae.the im- into labor States, are persons, men.ponation of persons after 1M>8. Commoidtiea in Under the auspicious Influences of a Whig suc- theSouthwest,detachedfromtheSoQtliemcesa,CaliforniaandNew-Mexicoappearedbefore re-tion to the United untilStates, its sovereignty was matter how humble his is a white man, amboali, invaaion, and force.=«u>• .•'fiMUSniXBlU OF IDDEBN PiBTIES.of naturalization, and It mightStates, were growing np in the practice of Slavery,fi* fljBei^ rather than to allay, the national excite-em States contentedly became labor Statea bygether suppressing commerce in menat thely and from all contentedlyliiiiiii agar—.mayappetiteHwDl be anbewithin or without, by any enemy, or for any cause,oughtfor sociallajli lioiTaia.:overflowingsource ofshame,aspreserved.If ours shall be assailed,most morbidin the case of the gunpowder plot, andfianehiaed, becomes the dominatinger. Itthushappensthatwemay,forconvenienceof Missouri, not only in the persons of theBepublican-areI do notsake, and not inaccuiataly, caU Slave States cal States, and Free States labor States.practicallydistingush between legitimate and constitutional cruel code. The perfect freedom proved to be aaowHit'^^ymerc* or or enterprise,cessive and which have ever-varying struggles,taxed all her virtue, wisdom, moderation, energiestermination enoughtocast them ?This latterquite practicedin the representatives ofthe lower Southern States a most resolute and earnest spirit of resistance towise, then the world will all the ievery party in this country must atand en:that the American pet^latoI amlaboron itsSlavery. have left usphysical strength;Srttpwruling intervention of a juir of twelve good and Party in the Senate always. WTiich of the two istestimonythough inunion must fall first and be most fearfulfects, seem never less disturbed than now. We once reconsidered and reversedbear the same testimony for all the districts and former times, It needs no revolutionthe effects of theseandother forms, it will in thisstudy respectivelysystems of capital andtouches itssure, however, that, as it has hithertoOf 'hew»Ji^ even adjusted it so thatsuppressed byStates, public assemblies, convenedCome, if you will, into thewg«» tt« jOdglMataJIkgreat political force,loyaltyUnion,while thecapitalStates haveI will not linger over the sequel. The popularwiiichnevergreatlyexcite,andebbswiiichneverintelligence,itsvirtue, Ukanand martialtrayed into the Union aa a Slave State.loss of^that spirit of brotherhood and thattranquillity, its integrity or unity, its ilefence, itsqoeatfcm arises, whether Slavery is a moral, social,ud political good, or a moral, social, and political•vO. This is the Slavery question at home. But creased andof together with that love for a common its ambition on ttie altar of tlie eouittiyi -tho^^prosperity, its liberty, its happiness, its aggrandize-emergencylaythoughaparty may liave never so moch <( pn*'political pow-They probably wise whose apprehensions admonishcapi-ambition, its citizens beginresistance to the extension ofin the com- and unconstitutionalhateful and intolerable bondage. From 1855 toimputedto the as derived Republican Party,fromsiderless th«»ourmo^ pre.entdis^qui^fi^fno" sympathizingwiththe States.and ever-recurring Parliament, Diet, where from Lake Erie to Harbor, among my.ciremn^tonces afterward occurred capital notindispensablepublic. Even liberty, guaranteed by organic law,yourpeople, submit to them fully, earnestly, eloquently,i:^.^:^^.vj?*r»^^.:be ie wrongly, the other that he is rightly a slave. simplyThe balance of numbers on either however mon interest of the whole Republic required thatin theof 1860, were now to be opened by Congress, that the never ending course of seed-time and harvestprefer the wealth of the few to the libertyOf the many, capital to labor, African slavesto white freemen, in the national Territories and infuture States. That question has never been suffi- cuss both systems. All the world discusses all NiSTA, that th^^ffistorian arose whoae naaMtw)aC ciently recognized or acted on by them. The Re- systems, ^p^^ially must we discuss them since that period of-^ranny and terror haa l>eenhimself,fact does not affect ultimate materiallyand sentiments, doubts that theany other ai^d ;what isto unjust anycondition ospeechpress,the noblest of objectsnational Ufa moatdegreeand hadthe vehemence of that great debate. Patriotism Democratic President and hesitated, but mining, manufacture, and internal commerce, with find but few readers concurrmg with It is sentiment and, combining it with titat other glotioaathap^kUearlyHence two municipal systems widely different ariae. TheSlaveStatestrikesdownandaffectstogreat politicalIhat, on the otherhand,itexactly providedwhich, for weight, and worth ofdefeat,clearly foreseen.' 'So^gh party, practiced some forbearance toward the in- Aeyh^dfaherft^.yettheygenerallycondemned, terestoflabor. TheDemocratic notwith-not enemies but friends and brethren ofthe South,faithful and true as in the when death has daysSL?S7,!Si'^cumstances.Nor is anv new or special can**rf BUvery, andnmaaoe. They expresaed this when they asParty, dissent, was generallyyet if it be held other tenure than the byall your and grievances of Northern complaintsttapMCdeoettad, ia the Dedaratioo of Independence as aguardiaa care of such a representative popular assembly, is but precariously maintained, while Slavery, en- forced by an tribunal, is thenndaaacBtalof Americanherepredating audiences,,IWe will notsuffer ourselves here to dwellonti*wadMooKS gioatTM«B are createdCapital appeared theColumbia. Mr. Vah Bcbxs, a Democratic Presi- dent, launched a theanytemper expressingfbrni^-|^jarand Fodonu whaaewhole passage froi%SBato the other (^ the greatoceans. colutaoa all TJiey-eiortoREirteeB of itsat once. Tlieaa aie atanding now, the admlratinopriadple equal,youthevotesyoucanwin. Areyouand kaveotate, howerer, reserrM to Itself exclusivewith ballot-boxes open for—and arches shall span the^Ide,Ijheity,andtlieparaDltofhappiness. EachMr.parture from the wisdom and virtue of its foundallthan tliis ?sectionalcal«wn subjectwillverypower over the ofengage that youwithin borders. Veverthelass, it unavoidably pre- ^'*i,'i»elf in their coBsultitiana on a bond ofMT^LF'Ji^-ThenewOo»erM»eDtw«atobea i'n""a^lfjsedA canvass for a Presidential spects more Important, perhaps,of mankind, ntfer oocceesors sddedeven we wlio'neliere have shaped andtferatedthree of that twenty, and allSttr ?"i!^°°«- Slavesware iaaome capitalthe Mexican law ofliberty,whichcoveredthetenaciously on the basis of capital, and that capital invested in'"^^^Ti'E?J-erritories brought inbythe of treatypeace, might1800, hasThe House ofnf^illi?!',?" "P"*! bad no investmenta ia la- :. TM?h,'°."^o'* ?Iaves be represented aa eapUalIts again, duringrecently bebegun. orgam'zedRepre- by a majority, whilehoped lor it.discon-out demonstrations offounddealt his arrowscommon battle-fields of freedom.to occur under a Republican Isociety, that all inalienable rightsirresponsible judicial;work for themselves,Slavery,itsmto the Union, stipulating practically for its future reorganization into four Slave States. Mexico wasas we have Democratsth^v '„i!?l'^ " "P"*'' ortwlH^^i^^PT^'^nt^d o' t»xed at aUJ HI selation to thesethe thirdfortyyearsjIt injuri-partyThe gloom of the late tragedybe when we shall necesaarr2u«!^£*hBtate1Shopes; man* a compo«ite ourStates. New Statea would soon grow up in the Northwest, while aa yet capitalStates^to becapital;vt Hon. William H. Seward is the stood aloof, and labor had not lifted tha ax to be- consternation throughout the land. Another com- |^«ii gin there ila endless but beneficlent task. The promise was made. Specific enactments admittedlabor.the country shall tend mony wiih the condition of society, and, in the main, with the spirit of the age. The seven North-to^controversymimi. shall say notlilng unnecessarily of per- their own acts. The six Southern States, with to justify this expectation when Congress assem-moment when the Russian serf is emancipated,if.their own determination,and the the Nubian andreigns on the subject of Slavery witiiin your own selves,holders, aa we are on the same subject witliin our cause they acted under delirium, wh borders. It is well and wisely so arranged. Use their judgments to the real nature atand nteil.lir'rsTiiir, in oiir system, the public welfare remained capital States.bled. He said" When the grave shall have closed over all whoGeorgian captive,the Abyssinian savage are lifted up to freedom by Ufe successor of Mob.^hiiid. The world, prepos- sessed in our behalf by our early devotion to the rights of human nature, as no nation ever before.swj littla «a men. I shall allude but briefly to in- clearlytion of Slaver)' consequent on the increased con-awakenedfor the moment tlie fcutlie coCKtontal topics, becanae they are ephemeral, andkaMBse, aran in the midst of appeals to passion tional domain across the Mississippi, and these oc-curred before 1820. The State of Louisiana, formedterminatedtlon of territory. Disturbing questions arose bearing der and amazement, what all this demoralizationours to protect andaaiSchteaed people.better than we are ——ival^as of sorrow, if we, thirty millions Europeans occupiedthese precious institutions could not be saved.t i^.tk«—ean&ot so combine prudence with humanity, seconded thesetogether;have,need,expect you mwitchcraft,colonial«xtiaGtioii, Americans by birth or discipline, and C^iiatians in faitii, and meaning to be such in prsc-and another such I have the avert It, those whoso nowenjoyS8, or the Government, chcose or do whatdivision into StatesPosterity will decide in all the recent caaaav^aivpui>Uc disaatam anatequal tranquillityby:prisonerpitiable, although neoasaaiyi«a4 hKff/lBeaa depend chiefly on institutions, and The circumstances wtiich the fathers did not are now endeavoring to meet the obligations of dnty.the yesr I8S0 will be recurred to as a period filled with anxiety and apprehension. A successful war has jastyour authority to maintain what system you please. We are not distrustful of the result. We havenai enterprise ;the alarm and consfaforesee were two, : the reinvigora- namelyof sumption cotton,and the extension of the na-;aogmenta-eagagedrespectsympathies, asks,wisely,think,ourside, Arkansas, Missouri, Kansas, and Nebraska, shouldof ophiion, for th/ere are always soma defender^ of gers of Slavery, or be Labor States, with all the from their own well-assured homes on the eastern Slavery outside, even if there are none inside a security, benefits, and blessings of freedom. On banks of their noble river, looked down upon andTtte State, while, also, there are always outside, the decision was suspended the question, as was coveted the fertile prairies of KansaswhUe a sud-;proUUtoccupation,restored by a combinatjon of sister Republics ex- and he is politically the equal of his eaiploysr. we liave adopted, of appeaUagit is always safe to submit solid truth-totte-^elBieTate consideration of an honest and en- newly-acqutred Louisianian Territory, had then al- of opinion ami sentiment, in relation to details and scions ol ourselves a virtuous excuse. We haveprejudice,generallycon-becausetakable boundaries. You have your fifteen dis- to which the great leading event .,on a slaveholding French settlement, within theof the States. But, notwithstanding the differencescontinnaliy aggravatad bysptclfic provisions, the acquiescence of distinguishedelUzess, whose devotion to the Union ou sever bedoubted, has given renewed vigor to our institutions, and restored a seoEe of security and repose to thepublic mind throughout the Confederacy. ThmX this ka. Arkansas, a slaveholding community, was repoce Is to suffer no ihock during my official term, iftinct partssurely all tlteae cai'atitabed: frjwhichready been admitted into the Union. There;probability public miseryyet remained, however, a vast region, which included Arkansas and Missouri, together with the then un- and even unnamed Kansas and Nebras-to ha*atonearly readythe Federal Union. The existing Capital Statespewerto here may be assured."placedMissouri,Territory, was actually applying for admission into';apply,by another and kindred class, who 8oa|$t-iB f>^ Hardly, however, kad tlieae insphing sounds died doing violence to the union. Tlie true stale of the text, or who the foe, we shall defend your sove- long and widen the public diatreia byattf^pdwapplications,whole Louisianian Territory was rightfully open— before the national repose was shocked again•elves. Prescience, indeed, is not given to states-but we are without excuse when we fail tonot, indeed,, accept your system of capital or its ethics. That would be to surrender and subvert our own, which we esteem to be better. Besides, if we could, what need forany... ..1b emt conduct concerning the one disturbing sub- jMt of Blairery, as not onlr to preserve our une-quM Institntions of Freedom, but also to JSlciT benefits with contentment and harmony.Whaterer a guiltless slave exists, be he Cauca- there. The question thus opened was one of pesce.aian, American, Malay, or African, he is the sutr which related not at all to Slavery in the Kansas and Nebraska, the long-devoted reaerva- ject of two distinct and opposite ideas—one that existing Capital States. It was purely and tion of labor and Freedom, saved in the agony ofa national question whether the com- national fear in and saved 1820,menprebend the logic of current events. Let par-of with the offendera. sympathyif tkere are not inside of every Slav* State, many thought, whether ultimately the mterior of this den terror ran through all the capital States, when Democratic Party and the Eepublican Party. ItsYou complain that Republicans discourse too meeting them in the spirit of the defender «f dww^aaa«rt withHiltoh,tliat "no man who knowsnew continent should he an asylum for the op- they saw a seeming certainty that at last they sawprinciplesandpolicyare,therefore, justlyandandwhen with con- theyexpressEnglish"Commonwealthpressedandtheexile,comingyearafteryear,and -anewLaborStatewouldbebuiltontheirwesternboldlydirectly,:interests,it is hard to unite the labor States in a common Freedom and Labor, so unexpectedly and griev-shall assume the Government.Second, That the labor States have a natural States.pared power. framed the national ship and gave us the chart for ttirough the action of its representative*, **em)»to thethreatening Disunion.Third. Thattjhe capital States do notknow only, tliat tlirough a succession of floods its noble voyage.cover and sustain those who ttireaten diiipijm £SlaveryBo soon aa a State feels the Impulses of com- aggression against Slavery established by local the Republican Party, has iieen engaged in suc-Hitherto the has been content Republican Partymon Territories of thewith one self-interrogatory—how many votes it canof the twoUnion,laws in the capital States.The early political parties were organized with-1860, Kansas, sustained and encouraged only bythe relations of thecast ? These threats enforce another—has it de- ties at this capital. He says that he has seen here war-cry victory. But, •hallfrOMiout reference toBut since practicallyand and often even her resources,the Republican Partythat he a sensible perceivesground;1820, Europe- unconcerned.pf invsntion, min- ing, manufacture, and cultivation. Steam on landquestionscourage,to save herself from be- beingmany aside allfeeiiag country, which are at last the surest cement of theThere has been a increase greatNebraska,of impatience temper,loyalty,the direct ment, and its fame. In other words, the great and on water has (lUickened commerce. The press exercise of the Executive power, overriding herown will, held as a Slave Territoryand the have attained telegraph,and New- Mexico has relapsed voluntarily into the practice of Slavery, from which she had redeemed herselfextraordinaryjust moderation. It would be a waste of wordstoexclaim, thatprodigious activi- ty, and the social intercourse between the States;temptedthreads are gradually frettingand tiieB obnoxious as, through long-cherished and obatln-and their citizens has beento demonstrate that arc theyunconstitutional,andmonth that the ;;aimy with banners, winning the favor of tha wbi^immeasurably in- consequently, their mutual relationsidle to show that theunion attempted or effected, must rest not withthose who in the exercise of constitutional au- pose that the Executive of the United States wasof thethere is a mutual bond of amity and brotherhood affecting Slavery have been, for many years, sub- public. Meantime, Ihe Democratic Party, advanc-betweenmanandmanthroughouttheworld.Na- jectsofearnestandoftenexciteddiscussion. Iting from the ground of Pspular Sovereignly, as far as that ground is from the Ordinsnce of 1787, nowthe President of two hostile It is not Republics.willbearmedwiththetiona examineether, and of all preceding times, and accordinglyengagewhenonly party that defends and iiiiiliilniii*freelypoliticalon the course ofreopen them for argument here.tUs dark so far as the Southern picture,fidence andmen. Thus, in one or waycomplained of Courts and Legislatures in the labor States for interpreting the constitutional provision for the surrender of from service so as tocolored persons of the laborIn this new it and extreme position the Democrat-the qnestion which so many among us, who are moretheEmancipa- ic Party now masks itself iiehind the bstteryof the Will it still be the same North that has for-another,is, therefore, practicallythe North.Slaverywith much favor in the capital Statea.tion Societies arose in the Free .States. Southpeoplemuchwhich has beenchange to halfed intense and inexorable ? requires us always to be patriots and statesmen.is a sectional Differences of opinion, even I'ri the subject ofwilling to rule than patient intioBs of society, think is a merely accidental or ious Federal revenue laws. The capital Statesstudying nnecesatry qaeation that might and ought to bestruction of the Constitution, that the power of deciding practically forever between Freedom and? Can youassume that affectionso complying can all at once obligespolitical systemus to act sometimes as partisans, while itaettled and dismissed at« world-wide andconsideration and civil administration. Men, States, and nations entertainall thjt isTou say that theone. Is the Democratic Party less sectional ?on enduring subjectyet organized,Republican Partyonce, is,the contrary,fugitivestreat them as persons, and not property, and theybyshould be assumed and exercisedwith us are political, nut social or per-cut because the progress of society continuallyTheydenied,inCongress,therightoi^petition,andembarrassed or denied freedom of debate on theof wliich undertook the Slavery. Presses,tween individuals, and which action the Constitu-'"""y- Theydivideupon I^Sf.i^'^^"' becauee, owing to differenci ofParty sectional ?decidetheissUMS.TMVr."i '"l" ^''f "'"'"TM orit, not circumstances, they can-andnever loved therepresentatives of are as Theyoperatedpoliticaleventsnot toposilionthat both Territorial Gov-subvertinggroups upon the canvas are coacemed, but I must be in-the condi- Carolina institutedto procesdings nullifyobnox-ofit, not voluntarily, States whenIs your sectional sway thanSlavery,sonal differences.There is not one disunionist orpoliticalIanywhere.discriminatedagainst theyfor you to bear oursaltogetherpeople tryStates, actingJpart;the systems of each IS in my way only to show how such disputes havewho unconstitutionallyin the mad work of for me to raise a doubt upon the correctness of people, and itnatitniat oin- it shall be fatoA the— There was aaa they approve or disapprove of the two systemsof capital and lal>or respectively, they sanction and tucky debated, and, to the great sorrow of the prosecute, or condemn and prohibit commerce in Free States, rejected the system of voluntary la-Slave insurrection inlate in the against SlaveryTheythey reaolve themselves into this, that the Republican dulgedand Ken-bor. The Colonization Society was establishedthat I can as ac- pronounceVirginia. Virginiawliilenecessary, to legislate for ita protection there.opinionit already is proved to be a majority in the North representatives here aa any one. I know their union seem to me to have tdo haaffiy uUSMfciiidcame to the capital States.Is itsubjectdelence of the labor system in the capital States,volves twenty dollars oflawful men of the neighborhood where the litiga- the most prescriptive ?theywereSlavery questions, dispersed bysustaining the policy ofcapital. A disposition to- ward the removal of Slavery from the presence of the National in District of;We are engaged inin a new dispute.despotism.politi- measure. A Democratic Congress brought Texas ernment 5 how a more rapid or more complete de- 1 willa freesoM have in the that cannot provoke retaliation, is an anomaly and reflect the rayi Of the' *on thronAoat hi*^Kni,usteLt"i..'"T'hiev^'=°"fiTM«'-" vetMOOB, or pew, under circumstances of heat andPartyno could cast more than a plurality of votes. a* rt«»d&kt a* the first (hirleen;The long, and eomnro. Ubor took alarm lest the number ofalone, equal,Partywhen assem- Congresstha wrwjj6i«Srsre.^SS;-Sli5"i' Qorenimentand ao 1 inglorioosiyIf It be°,J?^ ea^. r'O'ne elaisoffltates to dictateand constitutionally,; thentoformanewteachesus,tiut " 111 fares the land, to hastening ills a prey,prospective veto againstPresident,didthathostilitytlrat is notWar ensued. The labor States askedelection.iu some re-conquests.ous to alone. Its effects arefrom the dayWhile the two great pohtical pajbeaexcitement, defenders of new capitalis not wise and beneficent for usyon sam.e for us all.Tou accuse the Republicanor andyetonrlabars. -^^Congress aa labor States. The capualfused to consent to their admission into the Union and again threats of Disunion carried terror andsimilar aobversion. Other citizens reopened the Statea. There they are : Maine, New-HamptUre, Irage, ia the only crshores and distributed, Stoate of tbe United Statei. fsthers authorized Congress to mske all needful California as a labor State, and remanded New- unreclaimed and with impunity, among our planta-rules andtions.For this policy, so far as the Govenmient hasMezico and Utah to remain Territories, with theright to choose Freedom or Slsvery when ripened b the Cnited State* Senate, yesterday, Mr. new States. Bo the Constitution, while it does into States, while they gave new remedies for the not disturb or affect the system of capital in recaption of fugitives from service, and abolishedBvWAXBbaTingpresentedthememorialoftheLe- underita own slaves, existing in any Stateconcerning the managemeiit and disposition of the public lands, and to admit— fatallycountry the best of them not so wise will nevertheless fitm OMregulationseaatieUaaa,laws, the open slave market in the District of Columbia. (Uatiue of Kansas praying for admission into the does, at the ssme time, recognize every human be- These new enactments, collated with the existingandknow. Is it then in any, and in which, of the that it affected the public peace, y^^ifi States I liave named that negro equality offenda tive of human happmeaa and homas W the white man's pride? Tliroughout the wide painful reflection tint, after lO Isi^Mk;!Union, sfokeas follows:ing when within any exclusive sphere of Federal tfatutes, namely, the Ordinance of 1787, the Mis-jurisdiction, not as capital, but as a person. souri Prohibitory law of 1820, and the articles of Mr. President, the admission of Kansas into the What was the action of the fathers in Congress ? Texas aimexation, disposed by law of tha subjectworld, where is the State where class and caste are of Ihe beneficent working of onr natMUV'iH^ so utterly extinguiscd as they are in each and have enjoyed, w* iiave had thasa iiiiis ffljMwthilon, irithont farther delay, seems to me equallyThey admitted the new Stales of the Southwest ascapital States, because it was practically impossibleto do otherwise, and by the ordinance of 1787, con-of Slavery m all the Territories of the United States. And so the Compromise of 1850 was pronounced a full, final, absolute and comprehensive settlement—qfcesaaiy, put and Arise.In recorded debates Ikme alncdy ^OBdnaion.anticipatedtheargumentsfor this firmed In 1789, they for the organization of all existing and allpossible disputes concerning providedtl canine forward among the political astrolo- restored, not as chattels, but as persons. Theyjea^ it sittU be an error of judgment, and not of<h|iiJilUuu,Ifmyinterpretationofthefeverish Thisdispositionofthewholesubjectwasinhar-the extension ol Slavery.It is in America that these tilings have hap-have to sink down to the f:reatthat whoand admission of only labor States in the North- Slavery under the Federal authority. The two west. They directed fugitives from service to be great parties, fearful for the Union, struck handscipfes by sword, drawingawarded naturalization to immigrant free laborers,never afterward to be opened, disturbed, or evenic, theytai^t up tjte awatd aand they prohibited the trade in Africanquestioned, and the people accepted it by majoritiesunknownbefore. ThenewPresident,chosenoveran illustrious rival, unequivocally on the ground of world's greatest progress, and while all nationsshallperish by the anpeace brought with it a greatupon the domestic institutions of a portion of the means ? It baa an excuse better than the worldrallyperfect the manhood of the members of the State. with all its securities far lift aodConfederacy, and involving the constliutlonal rightscan imagine—The whole domestic concerns sovereignty uponwithin the Union is divided between us unmis- bywe eighteen parts, equally distinct. Each must t>e maintained in order that the wholecoining—to an end a tsar•nght can be so stupid to deny that all men age after age, voluntarily from eveiy other civil- border, inevitably fiaught, as they said, with a near even necessarily examined. I know of only one fidence their belief that the system of labor will,Surely ihey that shall boast as we do to has Ikaeand to act ex- of I860, so far as principle, and even the field of its application was concerned. Every element ofseize the new and smiling Territory by surprise, iftheoryParty opinion may in all cases safely be toleratedMoal interest of the slavechuivety for the welfare of the citizen. But this the controversy bow present entered it then the ed in 1820. The was favorable. Clay can and will, if unwaveringly faithful to that pol- where reason is left free to combat it. Will it be powerresults,for; rightfulness or the wrongfulness of Slavery itsconjunctureclaimed that more of moderation and tendernessheads, they can,than slaves axd vassals bom in tlie temiratfaa elemcBtary question of the rightfulness or effects, present and future the ;wrongfulness of Slavery inheres in every form thority of Congressthat discussion concerning it assumes. What is jnst to one class of men can never be injurious toin debate are exhibited on your side of thekndi though cot iLegal or intolerable, haagaof their citizenswhether it la a compact between the States, or an honored graves. The Labor States hsd dis-;Union,of1850,hadgoneI may, perhaps, infer, from the necessity of the master. We are sure that we do not, on our The side,Governmentcase, that it will, in all courts and places, stand exceed his lessons and Thomas JirriB-will com* to nude country ultimatelytheers, and the ligatures upon their exercise. All for too great fidelity to Freedom, and tooexample.SON addressed Dr. Psici, an Englishman, concern-independent;springsof itspow-missedmanyof their here representatives^the freedom ofand of theand thepersou in a State, is necessarily injurious in these were discussed with zeal and ability which great distrust of the efficacy of that new roDstitutioual rights of freedom eveiywhere •omeeconomical questionsubject of Slavery—labor either of freemenor of daves is tha cardinal necessity of societySome States choose the one kind, some the other which, as is now seen, practically left ooea all the was so far from confirming the law of freedom ofceptUnion, which other* are aoemergencies, not individual influences, must deter-take opto the whole An have never be6n surpassed. History tells us, I bond of community.them with arises out of the know not how truly, that the Union reeled under ssns who were only timid, but not unwilling. TheStates, while labor obtained, as a reservation, tlie •Uingoiah the personality of the laborer, not only abridged but yet comprehensive field of Kansascourage to divest their families of a property which, If the Republican Party maintain tlie Ualan,wh» souri law, and devolved on Congress the duty of part in legislation and in treaties, it feels the ne- however, keeps their consciences unquiet. North- and what party is to assail it ? Only the D^*^aa a memlieT of the political body, but also as aand Nebraska.Now, when the present conditions of the variouswe see thatremoving the lifeless letter from the national code. Thedeedwasdone. Thenewenactmentnotonly repealed the Missouri prohibition of Slavery, but ittional health and life, while it leaves metaphysicalan opponent to your docttlni^as you may find here craticparent, hnsbani, child, neighbor, or friend.to those whosethe ennobling science of political philosophy.and there a robber or a murdererbut in no greatPartynpmait^iiimHetakein its iwhall It mnst avow or disMvow-llMfh^'B* ^iwould be to continue the role of the ']cess of the Republican Party, ' I^Jndee^has come when the ^Democraticterror, instead ofby rulingCongresstook counsel from prudence, and enforced a settle- not long. They revised the last great compro-needful connections between the Atlantic and thiPacific States^for all these are important inter-ests of Freedom. For all the rest, the national approve it In theory, and it wilt find a respectable on itsment which has proved to b« not a final oifc;and mise, and founil, withdelighted surprise,that itwill move firmly onward, with the motto "iaacBpodissues which were iavolved. Mis- 1830souri and Arkansas were admitted as capital for the abrogation of that venerated statutemay, in victory as in erates against the areater number who have not the power, now arid forever."inpowerparts of the Louisianian Territory are observed, andspeculationdutythus becomes, in a political view,ty, without moral capacity, and without domestic,moral, and social relations, duties, rights, andremedies—a chattel, angift, inheritance, or theft. His earnings are com. guaranteed to it under circumstances of so great ion. The Whig representatives of the capitalmerely proper-bargain, sale,peasitcd and his wrongs atoned, not to himself,The State protects not the slaveretainscapital undisputed possessionpronounced thepeopleof Kansas and NebraskaState to which we may turn our eyes for the interest-of in conflict with avarice and ing spectacle justiceobjectofas States, either of capital or of labor, into the Un- States, in an hour of strange bewilderment, con-**** not,then,discouraged. \Vhatyouhavewrittenof what it then obtained, while labor isfree to establish Freedomor perfectly Slavery, and pledged Congress to admit them in due timethus isconvulsing country prolonged strug- gle to regain the lost equivalent which was thenfore fully reaching them, the Republican—a coLflict where the sacreding dally new recruits from the influx into office of.silence, fax, porteotom,the with so hard and so aencounters unexpectedly, a new and potential —oppressionyourg men, grown and growing up."solemnity, we may well desire not to be undeceiv- ed if the Missouri Compromise was indeed uime- cesssirily accepted by the Free States uifluencedby exaggerations of, the dangers of Disunion. The Missouri-'debate disclosed truths ofJust as if soill doa« greattat to his ovmer.aa amaa, but the capital of another man, which herepresents. On the other hand, the State whichrejects Blave^ encourages and animates and in-vigorates the laborer, by maintaining and develop-ing lUB natural personality in all the rights and£tculties of manhood, and generally with thaprivileges of citizensliip. In the one case, capitalinvested in slaves becomes airitile in the ottier labor thus elevated and en- a natural facility for alarming that loyalty by sovereignty of Kansas proved to be the State sov-yourselfYou see, Sir, that whether we go for or againstfor ulterior useFirtt- That it is easy to combine the capital:greathour,Slavery anywhere,publicmomentthe of the perplexitiesaconfidence,thenit is quitecertrfattat-It guiiles. You may change your pilots with the cannot be dismissed from power too sooil Balingonly Congress would remove the barrier establish-Republicanand just and loyal in all beside, carry it intowhose devotion to the Union was manifest- the claims of the States, and ed by their acquiescence in the compromise;the nature of the Federalorimprove Christianity argument than our own ?«.Constitutionalau-questionablegreat We all learned our pol-of anotherpatios inhrerlttng;To doubt is to be uncertainand the WiBSTiB,distinguished citizensun-icy,triumphal success ? whether civilization can save mankind.ereigntycontinually higherdisunionist them all. amongi»peace,replacedparti-domain by homestead laws, and will encourage " Southward of theHMMNainay, that the compromise itself actually killed the Mis-policy,Already bearingcessity of being practical in its care of the na- ward of the Chesapeake you may find here and there cratic Party, for there is no other. Will thoDeno^and the went down, Whig Party instantly;nay, justcurrednevertoriseagain. Democratsseceded,andstoodabout our no man is more welfare,aloof;;;the country was confoundedand, amid Republican Party was seen gathering itself together with much earnestness, but %vith little show of organization,they States in defense of even external while to rescue, if it were not now too late, the cause of Administration, though constituiiunally elected,rulers, but even in the letter of an and arbitrarypossiblethey will be as faithful to the Unionwere in the by-gone days when thdr tt^% 'MftV full, and their challenge to tlie eoBbat waauhr^ the of If Itthough Freedom, is, choosingthroughand never such traditional ifIt be merit, yet,while she remained a yetMexican Re-themselves asunderand aprejudices, States, yetCapl* even there it will advance like aastands on theemments and Congress are incompetent to legis-support, ty of the Union.in a Slavery portionshould be renounced Congress, which alone possesses any legislativepracticed, but must be iiilili iiililii. «im1)1mii b« no remaining hope for constitotisBai«alieCauthority,andit easier for us to bearWe areor around us. We have never been more tribunal to and all iasoes.completest possible developmentsoof constitutional resist- true, aa avery everythefree labor and capital labor Uir liw TcRito- ecrations shouldP**.T^55£-the whole policy of the and, in caseunwisely,fatallyinatlnct of our nature, andHow can a votesinthislandoffraeqieechandtraepreasby tweengreatof the continent farexceedingagainpanicpublican PartySnat, never completely extinguishes this difl'eience become Capital States^with all the evils and dan- might begin. The slave capitalists of Missouri, .reaction against a policy which has been fastened we ought to ingraft on the new and future States The Republican Party being thua:natQiaBy were l>om free, being the image and re- ized land, as well as for the children of misfor- or remote abolition of Slavery. What could be policy which it has adopted or avowed, namely the end, be universally accepted by the capital nation, haring power,Tke taring of the Territoriea of the United States,tune in our own, or whether, the renewal aeiablance of God tumael^ and were by privilege throughdone ? could Congressbe to inter- expectedStates, acting for themselves, and in conformity courage, to remove constllotlaiiaUy every; Q«ap|or>' whether he be the supreme or sahonflaJNe,JBav with their own Constitutions, while they sanction please their fancy with a rtdicDlous and r*TffWt'1hatf-hardlyvene directly for their safety so soon after the Com-koweverjVat in considering the subject of Slavery, through the impoverishing toil of negro slaves. out perils. Missouri was near and watchful, andconstitutional andalwveallthecreatures,bomtocommandandnot luxuriantregionsshouldbesubjectedtothecon-promiseof1860.ThelaborhiveoftheFreeStatesfrombeinghomesforSlaveryandPolygamy.toounreservedlybooksdesignedtoadvocateeman-dom,fittocozenbabies,butare,tad«a4,'-aMtarlawful means,to obey."^ It often, perhaps generally happens, trol of capital, wringing out the fruit of the earth was distant, the way new, unitnown, and not with- Who, that considers where this pation exists, of cipation. But surely you can liardly expect the tyranny and servitude, as wanUng that uu imi, MMK•ocUty s^tms to overlook the natural right or per That question of 1820 was identically the questionworld it acts its part on the public stage, and what nation to maintain a ol the Press or of economize ia the laad whleh Ood hath gMmMtm^of the African Slave-trade, those magnificent andposttble, byheidihe keys of the gates of Kansas. She mightcensorshipas members of tn their own family"'down into their alreadyas well as our lordlyemics, principles, from a common scourge,not as a free;its»great question collaterally, in a private action be- once we should alternate ? But is the Republicandisloyalist amongby a court which can take of the only cognizanceunreasonable that for Not unless the Democratic Par-tion will not suffer the court toif it in- without the over-ty is.ofTheRepublican Party prevailsin the HouseDemocraticIcompetentmoney,Representativessometimes;theforthe around us can reconsider ne»a-entertain,other sections more, than now. We bear the same as dayhave been heretofore to decide theifare its predominant institntions, customs, habits, debate. Theof aur is, that error of systemhaa heritane*. Without wtilch natoialof a free nation, tliongh beadiin due be Aoi esteem,that*ill favor the speedy improvement of the public fashionandmine, as of theon, the Republican party.and charactersociety goesit it to cultivate But in the midst of these subjects or, rather, be-;issue one prior, and therefore paramount to alla oughttoneednomorethanthistoiothers, one of national life and death.much had not been already concededif nothing at all had ever been conceded to the in- terest of capital Invested in men, we hear menaces of disunion, louder, more distinct, more emphatic than ever, with the condition annexed that shall be executed the moment that a Republican"BeParty, thoughminority, by tenor. It"-I do not certainly know thatthepolicy. ously imperiled in the Teirltories of the United to call such an Administration to I stancy following guidance position, though doa*athemobswSicluhey wise The Whig Party, being generally an opposition mount, essantial, institution in a Re- ventions, nominate candidates, address tha States we represent. The people of the North are any error, or prevent any danger,wereborviolence, and even in the la-to con-very centre where the tiolt of dis-in its ef- pronouncegation arises. The independent, cver-renewe<l, Free States, into the State of New-Vork, any-shall to-day,representative SagCongress or Legislature, is the one chief, para- neighbors in the Owasco Valley, hold vour Con-toc .ofever the annals of any Gov-;ers ? Did ever the Government of afounded on the rights of human labor, slide awayso fast and so and moor itself so far,many Republicaasmen ? Did everRepublic. and forever afterward.these are and.ainvested withwith the guardianship of rights so important, oftrusts so sacred, of Interests so precious, and ofat once so noble and so comprehensive, sur- so great as to enable that render and renotmce tliem all so nnnacessarily, soforty yearsThe Democraticfreepowers great,laboring Missouri debate of 1820 recurred Legislature,representative so andnature will be national inheres. Itsentatives was toaaggnjad DQk.'^B.ofWhere wealth accumulates, sua men decay,"ance,cy around tte Ijulf of Mexico. By this time thecapital Statea seemed to have become fixed ia adetermination tiiat the Federal Govermaent, and then where in Ireland, in Italy, in Poland,even the labor States, should recognize their Hungary, haa soy ruler prepared for a MOerana Slem toslaves, though ontll^ide of the Slave States and and confiding people diaappnintmaf, oisasten Bat wliat are tlieaa iuddenslaveholding confedera-preceptjpliueal experienceany secret de-great empireUntitled Documentor inli ri~ -r"'~^^me, the volume ofDemocracywaning strength.Qtoa. linojr '^entirely discouragethem that it is for eflect. already strong enoughitm risesand higher.T bim<question self-denial in sodeclamations and with a seriously,spiritwill party that is not capable of makingaito- gether with all ambition, and will consider theseresponsibility for dis- thoritymaintain tlie Government,butwitiithoseequallyate stranger might sup- talthe is in the RepublicanPartyit.What are the excuses for these menaces?IliiillUQiil >•nothing back, speak just as freely and as loudly there as you dopromiscuously among them onlikelydisloyalty, oppression, perfidykeepwill have hospitable welcomes and ap-no new Our fattier*lessExtend to us the same privileges, andour l>elief designedly provoked,that must he traced to casual excitements, which cannot perpetuate alienation.than since anysorsto erecteo^iiei .J[ta9i3oiiedcancoatln*ot,South asin the North. There is, however, a better test of nationality than the accidental location of parties. Our policy of labor in the Territories was not sec- tional in the first of thesecretthe hundreds of thousands havethatcounts itsdesigns.partyis signs ? Who theand where the areballot, operatmg directlyon the Tari- a band of ex-appointmentchoice of materials for any new coloimhidden which springs byhe can control its uncon- purposes upavowedousdepartmentspride.-F?-^PBP >:>,">•>:,^a5r«v?-ji^f*-posedtothesamedanger,andapprehensiveofIjghteenofourthirty-threeStatesareFree-lAorjudgmentofthapeoi^to'' '^'foreign Slave-trade in violation of our laws and Massachusetts, Vermont, Rhode Island, Connecti- can be maintainad aoywIMruiMand, after a of that shameful suspensiontreatiestraffic for fifty years, Africans have been once more landed on soauvrage—;cut, New-York, New-Jsrsey, Pennsylvania, Ohio, yet devised which ia ilkMichigan, Illinois, Indiana, Wisconsin, Minnesota, the Christian lelixiaB. miiia lowo, California and Oregon. I do not array them table natures vrfll proial^in contrast with the capital States. I am no as- Bsows and iii* «s»oifi*t«* a•ectadMsailant of States. All of the States are parcels of erroneousovmsanctioned it, the Democratic Party avows itself and great as I am sure it will tierealter be ; the cute an unlawtiil porpOsaresponsible. Everywhere complaint against it is denounced, and its opponents proscribed. When Kansas was writhing under the wotmds of incipi- ent servile war, because of her resistance, the Democratic Press deridinglysyd, "Let her bleed." Official integrity has been cause for rebuke and puidshment, when it resisted frauds designed tothe extension ofthe whole Republic there is not one known dis-senter from that policy remaining in place, if withinreach of the Executive arm. Nor over the face ofthe whole world is there to be found one repre- rxBEON and Hxubt, when they implored you to further illustration bj iheix r"" Win making and presenting this as an adjustment, sentative of our country who is not an apologist of relinquish your system and accept the one we moral truth, espetially applVcaUepromoteSlavery. Throughoutone ofwho avoids the African as if his skin exhaled con- among us of a class of men ao ndsg tagion, answer. Tou find him always in the State desperate as to seek to enforce ihair , where lalwr ia ever free. Did WASBUOToa, Jir- the after it a;verypolitical powerfrenzykindlei^wUhouttlieit —and in won- as weitsloved not Freedom so much less, but the Union ofour so much more. We irave been made countryto believe, from time to time, that, in a crisis, botliofexercisedand we shall haveme time, surrendered safeguards of freedom to propi- defend it. If yours shall be so assailed,and therefore wefrom time towe shalland the New-Yorkthe original actors were awiftlx' fiito tlie tiate the loyalty of capital and stay its hands from emergency, no matter what the cause or the pre-and claimed that the away, thraughout a reassured and delighted land, ease, however, ought not to be a mystery to our- reignty as the equivalent of our own. We can- to direct the indignation which it nadallocked, indeed, as it had never before been, and States. The Labor Statea maintained that Con- smitten thiavtime l>y a blow from the very hand gress had supreme legislative power within the do- that bad Just released the chords of the nationalto Slavery, and to the organization of future Slavemain, and could snd ought to exclude Slavery harp from their utterance of that exalted symphony may, the people of the United States do not;people are pre-in the of those who sent, to stand in this it;ing his treatise on emancipation in America, in this :that lifeitselflost,ueteteaiti 'theypolitical responsibilityforpartyside is gain-asdealofgood;andcouldyou stUlin theare not only competent, but are ebliged, when it ia Party in the North is hostile to the South. But curately concerning the Northern or BepHblican Those who seek to awaken 'Bbm ta»i bt» tiTerritories,ofSupreme Court, as if it were possibly a trae con- borne with you so long and conceded to you sojustlyI'.checks as ours ?the of ulterior andCapitolot>^»<yB%WMI« pwd*aijrt|»**l'whohetetoTore,fropmi«g«*» ^^^ and disgust at being overmled to M* thento;public haunts and their private ways.We are notof one. Wefm*»the conditions under which they ar* totadEO^flkefr attempt. Who believes that a Adnrili'myState least developed and perfected among them vasion, involving servile war,all is wiser and better than State I tion and any Foreigneveryand re- asponsibility in your capital States. You are sove- tant files the d(£br~even of tiiawe have to decide as a nationembodies theupon the nation by surprise, and which its reason growing up in the great public domain. Discus- against the charge of hoetility to tlie South, whiek andconscience,concurringwiththereasonand sion,then,beingunavoidable,whatcouldbemore hasbeenofferedinexcuseforthemenarsBafm- conscience of mankind, condemn. wise than to conduct it with mutual toleration and constitutional resistance in the event of ita aae-The choice of the nation is now Isetween the in a fraternal spirit. cess, I feel well aasured that it will sustain na lapopular protest andwhichofthe two ed by mankind.A profound respect and friendly regard for the Vice-President of the United States has inducedme to weigh carefully the testimony he has givea on the subject of the hostility against the Southknowthe now in theiroftheNorth. Iknowa hostileorRepublic, representativesistration and BapobHeaB Congress cciuldbut toagentdher, dooinlyaof everyorgans which under* Constitntion which |iisilltnconferparty do, mustas theIJiaalij iinterpoae* Yet that tyranny moatevidences of a different but we shall be content within the Southoanaico?*-on the bled. peacefully, zealously,nationalries to its proper solution, throneh tlie tdala of thein the same way, on any statesmanindireetlyregaled and widely-dispersed masses and direct ceptional men, contenqitnooa eqaally of tliat graat be quarried,conjurer,but we. whose nativity,it could not save long'j/^ '•».£ V4*!x. ^^'-fii t^vp^ithem ? Let the European immigrant, tiona in Kansas and Virginia of tlie-i^--"adopted, propose youlevel of the African, or was it their desire allwhitementoacommonpoliticalelevation? lattercase,tlielamenteddeauaofaoexalt ofBut we do not seek to force, or even to intrude, slain from an ambush and by , ^6ur system on you. We are excluded justly, wise- lamentable becawaa tlt^ wereYou aresystem and its ethics, and to maintain the superi- structions. It was not until ihe gloomy. Miga. of ority of your own by all the forces of persuasion DoxiTUJT ha(r,4;nded, and liberty and viitnft. kad and argument. We must, indeed, mutually dis- found assured refoge under the sway ofibfUtOttU-at all ?equallyatlibertyto our fall reject;and will posteritygivelittle lieed toen i^' in and the shall not 1what races it is composed, in what age of the Federal Government or the political of the Is the root and source of all to — parties libei^, dtspoaaOCMl«tttm• government.''troubleable to help the laboring side."Chesapeake, yourwiliiagon the subject of Slavery. From the mouth to the head otthe Chesapeake, the bulk of the people willLiberty, which has been its; mliiOrity ready to adopt it in practice asafeat aa oatsifmhioritr character, prepond-we must follow Southernwinds or the on that odious;book willto inspiration aelOMritthe assaolt ? "Ratnumber." « • • • " This [Virglnlaj is the next of disunion are made, though not in ita aaari^^y*!currentsreckoned under the North Star, has rendered us either the Constitution or public liberty. somewhat superstitious, must be excused for con- shall not believe the Democratic Party will .can-representativespar-MM* iUnionof affairs, he is almostwe are dissolving week by week, and month by all its advantages will be unavailing;so in the thst,present unhappy conditiontige,lackmg in the one virtue of loyalty to tlie Uniai^in COB- conscious of any process of dissolution going on formity with the Constitution, are Ihe supremeaiicnt.to people here,who, Issuesofotherdays. Theyamongus all.un-Theof the Uniteddetermine political of to-in Virgmia restedgw^ Some among ys pra".ywerematenal tarible. Our fathers andtreason,criminid tp inal;Republican Partyknows, as tlie.shall be theissuetendered. ItwHlafter and reverse, if ne»d be,orQovanmeBt, should have laid violent hand* on Aeprinciple,B^ I-4_i;-44,Ejir: "'-''?l^^ >hn^kK.throughout ',iia.tnone tha raom^aiCdlM against patties guiltleaa equally of coiapBeltyaai.banner, UsiON and LrsBTT, omciMt )*'i ing. The effect of the IntimidiaioB, tfbemustbefore forcible resistance can find giotmd ta atand onT**4.C.jg 'thsas hajvuedgniiBUni^^-.,>»?^v»iif r^-ii^—^ .-S a3i^"^'"***?'S "^ "" Uws there-within the Territoria* iff the United aa Sutes,and aalamities Mwnt of the Unitedto thoae which tiia Qoreni-parpoeea7 Tou name impatient of tha fiwatltiilliaulline* th* dtiMM of ayatesa1«fc jWJ,taw orprop- any way.equalCBly one.That one is to introdocsby anywfBlOfcm of th« Btate, beerty of which the jBMternot b« innegro eqoalityh»d the powtr (« cnB|« t7nftag*te m§uM»i ytitjiafonl4State* bold* now raqaBded-we nm V rwMiin tinir own —'^<--- •>!s;i..'.:.a«f700. 0«vpe«« «Thomas M. Tryniskitreet Fulton New York13069w309 South 4ww.fultonhistory.com•^,vth Sobjectsand iro^rfectetracture andbroughtof theunseen and T question and of the partis* to the easitiuveiay ««*(T 8<ata to piriltical actionit down wiiich con- earth, there to remain a wreck, instead,to tne of a cUa-del of a worid's b*«t hopesI remain now in til* (pinion I haT* muwimqr «?» IIII1-iI ;-- ^^--.=w.3.^- J> .