 revent it.by tie Sbathern the lust for Cuba ilkeran abstrxv »bsfcr"action ? I f inhumanSlavs •o, the graves ofianiam in Kan- Ireve them so,yen.I induce me tojitatjou.". T o u r shall-be frank •a flagrant'viola- m, a burning re- ber prosperity id civilization, Iour own and re. Bat, recog- pp^uiate its ownforego and de- acting Slavery •<nall disclaim extend their sir* own limits, ^veiy in Virginia,[i»temperance or Are you an-?n place to your irteous letter, in •ur sympathizers ty to me, I hareas space would ill thus see what gainst me; fewever have like e question. No truth, for which n*<» of justice ofICK GREELEY .iwhat are called ntry, the ablest >ut dispnte, Thedr. George Lunt ** men of compre-ience in politicalind writings, then the side of re-cession of theirthey have writ-n their journal,len have recently»e present Presi-ciear and manly:e, Mr. Hillard t Bell meeting in or in the/speechapprobation for BejB and Everett ed in New-York jr- not a phrase ce of that system nsists in selling rf what was once nd yet we find inf exuberant per-*#*acoarsemart; andw» *eper. Thf language he ta of tb© Eaipir- Stat*. *-huziztonHost, Judgo Umore, are treatad by , and thU, too, for ao ofpo**d to the elec- ts* means to, befoul Splitter, we think it gh-writers."style of language 9, usual courtesy prevail in The the injustice, nor graph. But we sofThe Couriersir party to the in Compromise. set of principles >r nciples wholly ecent respect for e them merely as yed with hostile :h the dignity of irgain away youradversaries of 1 Mr. Hillard are »f triple intrigue, -ally, very well,standing on theof Nice on thai5nowledge of the (though they pro- \ amount is very cially considering snbentonswixid- undred tncrjsahdnd five. These e Auditing Sub- acid Councilman it they intend to , the press to the Leiands al*o re- [>nd the fact that-and contains no for the expenses The habitues of i* too big a thing a little ti ne. and ix i s b o u n d t o g o e Aldermen meet oiae other honest \ move for a corn-s, and call for the a*-e just who is •e our fault if thefrith the facf. .»* plaintiff in an > purpose of p r e - Iof $105,000 for tion. In his com- ix-payer, and for ourt.iryer, he know*,. more- standing in &ged th»fc he was i. T h e cases of leagt. The Super* deoided at Gen- •pfald, justify the *Jy that a general *e interference of hatfieM attemptspresents itself— •need the suit in vent investigation to fog of abogu*suit ? Or h»* he made a bargain with his Excel- stationary steam-engines, steam-ploughs; and steamThe Pony Express.READING FOR WARMWEATHER.memr«r; of »iwtT hostile to a$, therefore, revoked, that ho ht« Li. to many of whom submission or suffe*7°^f* * ? S " no right to a soatM • delegate'r4*thd vctc of Virginia for Mr. Breckinridge or Mr. D. received his friends at the American Hotel. He lefttefficient officer connected with the Coast Survey hasbeen detailed to visit the scenes of their effects for the • # ? T S ^ K i ^ « l f l 3 , bark Comet, Honolulu.' a united Democracy. Of equality—and ; national self-respect should sMeld the position of Presi- of a united Democracy. Ofhad be«n adopted. Be had no right to apeak." Mr. DTTOAWWK—Yon »hafl not drive me from this floor unlees >yon io it by pbyoical force!"Or«atconfuftionensued. ..<«'Mr. DuoAioofr—WHl not this Convention allow me to say *' hoped the Convention we'anation. wdalat the gentlemen-Lincoln pole cut down and chopped up last Friday a t Ooooqaan, and says:•* This t* tbe way we do thin pi down South. You can erect as xnarjy Lincoln pole* North a* you pleaae; but you cannot como down into our •anay South and erect one."return to Madrid.Gen. Lane has arrived from a visit from North Carolina.Tbe difficulties which have arisen, in regard to the House printing are amicably adjusted.s Gov. Ford, tbe House printer, returned to-day, and all parties to tbe controversy have agreed upon a settlement. Mr.is made uncomfortable for visitors^ by the obtrusion of except by a two-tbirds vote of all the; States, adjourned and their efforts earnest. They dp not play fast andlency Ifryw Wood, by which the Aldermen are tofee brought to torn oat Messrs. Tappan and Cravenfire-engines. Thejgprand gold medal ofhorfor the best threebrng-machioe. ohor is offered The Coast Surrey office and the Smithsonian Insti-selves not only, but for a helpless partfat, if}*** c n u " rir<»n »,; the only alternative.1 L;%i'J±"Mr. THOAXVn—What jmxty?"Mr. BACKHOCBB—The Republican party.44 The Chairdecided the reflation out otorfatt, f^rangingtheJapaneseswindle?Ai^SvW^at San Francisco,July12,steamerGolden SIR: ThepopularmindinclinestothesentfmemVtbat stands the "rw ecruality—and wv8* "TbeChaircouldnotrecognizethegentlemansincethereportJ>ong]as, according as it may elect either of them, if that tlectioxi is possible; bat if it will not elect either, then it sbal2 be cast for Mr. Breckinridge, if he has a larger electoral vote on-side.of Virginia than Mr. 2>oagItts, or for Mr. X>onglas if he has more than Mr. 2freckinr)dge.for Montpelier on the 7J train this evening.: in .Pennsylvania Polities. PHILADELPHIA, Monday, July 30,1860.to aesnme a dictatorship over the Americans of our oity, I find tbe following characteristic slang, While, in another column of bis sheet, Mr. Brooks complains of " vulgar and personal abuse" from a cotemporary, and affects to sneer at " T H E TRIBUNE undertaking to " be the organ of the American party:"more, than a thousand, chiefly members of tbe Cam- paign Clubs, msircbed, with banners and music, from the rooms of the Sixteenth Ward Club, through vari- ous streets, to the place of meeting, where they w e r e , greeted, at near 9 o'clock, by an assemblage already in waiting.!_' A 1• • . \ : f a ^ .^ v t { | j ' *=,r•\ c'rJn return for the services of Mr. Chatfield in ar- ulated by those of recent occurrence in the West. An California to July 19.j"*y1>«^,A;..* •- ..^wiwrt*'AhIrishCatholic"writesustosaythat wea r e certainly mistaken in our presumption that amajority of his co-reKgionists in this city are sup-3portcrs of Douglas. It may be as he says; but responsible for indemnity to the United States, and thecumbent. TheConstitutiondeclaresotherwise,and, Wic&on? Ofeouitv—*e.thennrseoffraudonthe in your case, it is most heafthy for the public, to ad- etuSmiesion? Of equity—-ce,w e have heard the fact that the Irish were forDouglas assigned as a reason for Mayor the alleged violation of grants of important and veryages to the extent of nearly $1,000,000, exclusive of W ood's adhesion to the Little Giant. The fact valuable privileges. " Jwho, of course, supposed you meant them—notoream- " Mt. DffGAKXK saiu Mm.'friend after friend was sacrificed. The fact of a pre- at liberty to " vote as they thought proper." Hav:Djr transpired, while I stih claimed and tloodupon thethat Mrs. Douglas is a Catholic has also been cited The Savannah has been ordered to. the Mediterra- AS inclining many Catholics to support her husband nean as part of the American squadron, without refer-ence to the massacres in Syria. The steamship Kich- ibr President. As we hive hitherto offered no moDd—-Captain Ingraham, it is said, having volun- teered to take command—would have been ordered reasons in support of our own impression, we thither if shecOuldhave been prepared in timefor serv-vious obligation chilled you; great service made any one odious. A President should have no animosities. You are governed only by your hates, affection, you have none. But two classes have any hold upon you; those who had opposed and reviled and cowed you, and the supple parasites who fawn upon you. Yet, even these cannot be devoted if they would. For the course which s settled on to-day is. changed by your vacillating mind to-morrow, and on the morrow the zig-^agprogrammeischangedagain. Youevenendeav or to pursue two opposite courses at once. Witness your open instructions to Gov. Walker, and your private in- structions to the Surveyor-General, and other officials in Kansas. Witness your late declaration: "There- " fore, every Democrat is at perfect liberty to vote- as " he thinks proper," and your secret circular ordering the dismissal of every officeholder in favor of Doug- las. Witnessyourcontradictorydeclarationsinregard to the rights of naturalized citizens abroad. Contra- diction upon contradiction ! . _Not only the political, but the social atmosphere of Washington is poisoned by the upas of your influence. 13uch is your pernicious course, that the White HouseieynoU may be* discovered in v\btitcr ebullition of ' take a survey of' the Baltimore and Richmond candi- '• Mr. Erastus-BroofcaofNew-York,- **f*TMreported-Idecline to print those of " A n Irish Catholic," merely explaining that we did not intend to say that Catholics were or were not governed byice in that eea.The steamship Brooklyn left Pensacola on Wednes- day for Norfolk.dates and platforms, and coolly tell the Democracy that it is "immaterial" wbich way they go.The "sustaining pillar,", the " two-thirds rule," was vou say " broken to pieces at Baltimore by the Con-It was beeauselan* inown to beoppose/1 *° *Pat pTXe^,e polftey whMi last year' demoralized tbe An>^encanJ>a,:lvV and flow debases roe tfcion sentiment, tfcat I *'vaa denied a voics in the Bite tTtic* Convention. True to t n / pafjOfficial dif patches from Utah show that 100 army theological considerations more than any other revolvers and 8,000 cartridges were furnished by the acting Adjutint-General to the Agent of Russell'svention which nominated Mr. Douglass" No lit was record,fpnsistent with aff raj antecedent^ Ihave a esired endangered by the unseemly dictation and treacherous that a TtTnion movement m New-Y ork should n e ^ o v -pec pie. W e shall do our best to keep this political Pony Express, fo defend the riders from the Indians. contest entirely free from sectarian bias or theo- W. D. Irvine is in charge of the business of thecombinations of the " old public functionary," who ob-, erhed by FRiifcrVL2. .Tt is only nettnr^iheti,ithav I rained his position in that Convention four years before find myself in antagonism with Mr. E. Brooks and hisT bv the loyal magnanimity of that Mr. Douglas. . You elf-deluded followers.take care, however, to say nothing of the part youXogic distraction.played in that transaction. Cunning is the last facultythat leaves the disordered mind. The minority that youmarshalled did not believe that they could defeat the Houston Convention, in Scherectady. The?«rT agamtCol. Preston, Minister to Spain, is hers transacting An exultant Virginian sendsusapiece of the tueinessat theStateDepartment, preliminaryto his'nominationofMr.Douglasbyremainingin the Con- encountered the influenceofSlfir. E.Brooke,.whoatx vention, or tbey certainly would have stayed. It. was tended in his character of a lobbyist. Aa usoal, thatwell known to the minority chiefs that Douglas would' irj.fluerce was quite harmless; Kst *n American', I took have received the two-thirds of the entire Convention part in the People's nomination of Houston and Stock-'at Charleston^ had there been no secession. But the ton. I am not ashamed of my associates itr this non-intervention party, unwilling to take a nomination People's movement, for I know thefir aims to be btmfest— O u r correspondent is mistaken. W e shall Pangborn, whose authority is recognized, remains as •erect a first-rate one in the White House at Wash- the legal representative and agent of Mr. Ford to su-perintend the business, and Larcomb and EogliBh ington on the 4th of March next—quite tall, though are employed to execute the printing. The Houseyicious politics into your parlors. It should be the pa-triotic pride of every Administration to make Wash-the Convention to Baltimore,* Failing in your plot to loose with the candidates whom they profess to sup- make a nomination upon compulsion at Charleston, you port.redoubled your efforts at Baltimore to effect it or de- I shall not reply to the Billingpgate- of Mr. Brooks'^ 'only a few inches over six feet—and it will stand there at least four years, and not be cut down even then. Wait and see!THE LATESTNEWS.RECETVXD MAGNETIC TELEGRAPH.From Washington.8;«-jlal Di«v*too. to Tbo N. 7. Trfban*.W ASHINGTON, Monday, July 30, 1860.THE LIME POINT FORT MATTER.Though I obtained my information as to thealleged purchase of Lime Poiot, near San Fran-cisco, at the W a r Department, it seems that myinformants were in error. The Government hassent out to condemn the property under the laws ofCalifornia- Should the return be extravagant aThe Bark Comet brings advices from the Sandwichdemnation of the democracy of the civilized world for his shallow schemes. I have no need1 to defend myr course, for my record is with the American Organiza---B Ytotrative course—a feeling for our past relations, and of all the public respect and political credit to which -second jury of condemnation may be had. The with fifty Mexicans, had gone in pursait of a largeprice, $200,000, has never been charged by the band of Navaioe Indians who had run off a herd of sheep for. the Bio Grande. They overtook the Indians owner of the land, which extends seven miles up and bad a fight with them, in which twenty Mexicans t h e seaside, and is regarded as a necessity to the and forty Indians were killed and wounded. A con- siderable quant»ty of sheep and other stock was re-Massachusetts Politics. WORCESTER, Monday, July 30,1860.The Hon. Eli Thayer addressed a large and enthu- siastic meeting*in vindication of his Congressional course, sustaining his position, as indicated by. the manifestations in the audience.the shadows of n declining intellect; but your moral obliquity deprived you of every.stay xvhich. the virtu- ous mind possfsses'ag^inst^ental^veakness. In old age the vices and idiosyncracies^of youth, it is said, often resume their sway, over long years of interested repression. Your prophetic quotation against yourself s'x years ago has been realized but too sadly for your countrymen; would its fullfilment had found you in the oblivion of Wheatlands, instead of in the chair ofI apprehend that, in declining to accept Mr. E. Brooks as my political father-confessor, I lie open to the impu- tation of being proud, impudent, and singular; but I must reply, with Pope, tbat— *'""'§P'441 am proud!—to proud, I am no ttave!So impudent, I own myself no knave;.So odd, my country's ruin makes me grave'. Yes 1 I »m prond!—1 must be proud—to see Men not afraid of God—afraid of me.'» ,In conclusion, allow me to remind Mr. E. Brooks * that vituperation is not force, flippancy is not wit, and ribaldry is no argument. It is easier to play the role of Thefsites in the columns of The Express than toenact Warwick in New-York politics. It is not al- ways safe to apply the Walpolian maxim that " every man has bis price" to euch large bodies as entire politi- cal parties. When a man sets himself up for a popular. guide, be should remember that " example is betterthan precept." W e are told by ^Eeop that an old crab said<oayoungone: "Whydo you walksocrooked, child? Walk straight!"'. "Mother," said the young•defense of San Francisco.THE VIRCINIA DEMOCRACY.Interest increases here as to the probable action of the Virginia Democracy on the Presidential ques- tion. Undoubtedly theDouglaswing are quite power-and captured the family of the principal chief of the State, who have slaughtered Mr. Douglas, and Kiowa tribe of Indians. In the melee two soldiers were wounded. Lieut. Bayard was also very se- put up Mr. Breckinridge. Their cry is now piteDus verely wounded by an arrow,being shot in his Cheek.tor harmony, because they see all sorts of. disaster At last accounts from him the point of the arrow was still in the wound, and he would be sent to Pawneein the future. Extra Billy Smith and Shelton F . Fork for medical treatment. Two Indians were X*eake have journeyed out to Augusta County, killed.. :Gen. Leslie Coombs, American candidate for Clerkful enough to badly defeat the powers.that be in theMurder.MORRISTOWN, Penn., Monday, July 30, 1860,Ellen McNamee was found dead in her dwelling tor day. Her.arms and ribs were broken, and. her skull was fractured. The husband of the unfortunate wo- man has been arrested Upon the charge of murder. Both" are Irish, and were very intemperate in their habits.Water Gas. PHILADELPHIA, Monday, July 30,1860.There was a brilliant exhibition of water gas at the Girard House this evening, under tbe auspices of the Keystone Gas Company, to the members of the press and other citizens. Three-fourths of the hotel is now lighted by this fi#8, at an expense not exceeding 50 cents per 1,000 feet.FIRES.JDESTRUCTIVE FIRE IN NASSAU STREET—THREE BUILD- INGS P ARTIALL Y DESTROYED. •:Last night, about ten o'clock, a tire occurred in Nassau street, between Ann and Fulton streets, involv-GEORGE N. SANDERS.'Where a meeting has been held. Several promi- nent persons spoke in favor of the following reso- lution, which is said to have been adopted by the m e e t i n g :• .Mr. Douglas at Burlington, Vt. BURLINGTON*. Vt., Monday, July 30, 1860.The Hon. S. A. Douglas arrived at 9£ a. m. He was greeted by a large and enthusiastic collection of citizens, escorted by the Howard Guard, and a large processionSIR: The N. Y. Express of Saturday evening con- crab, " show me the way, will you ? and when I see' ' s a gOF GERMAN RE PUB LI- CANS.Resolved, That we recommend to £he Conventions of carriages and citizens. He passed through the prin-•to which oar delegates are respectively appointed, to sgree upon the following terma of compromwe between the eo£tei:<fing wings of the Virginia Democracy, viz:cipal streets to the Town Hall, where Mr. Saxe intro- duced Mr. Douglas to the audience, some 5,000 in num- ber, and Mr. Dong'as responded in a short speech, ex- pressive of his appreciation of the kind and honorablemorning for a correct statement cf an abortive attempt made by a dozen persons to give a factitious value to their depreciated stock-in-trade.A spirited meeting of the 'Germans in the north- western part of the city was held last evening at the" National Garden, Forty-fourth street, near Ninth• 3"hHt the Yirgmia Democracy shall vote for one illecto-aral ticket, aad thai the Electors, if elected, shall cast jeception thus far given him ia- his native State. Mr.In an editorial comment of The Express on my ac- avenne, tinder tbe auspices of the German Campaign tion as President of the American General Committee, CJubs of the Sixteenth, Twentieth, Twenty-first, andin promptly suppressing the attempt of len individuals Twenty second Wards. A torchlight procession offriends of Mr. Douglas to be held at Stiunton. Rensselaer, D. D., took place to-dav. A very largeeral Committee, and more given to nofoiiety than to principle, he is always 'protesting' and ' bolting,' and 'resigning' and kick- ing up shines.'Now, Mr. Editor, while I can prefer no politicalclaim to tbe use of your columns, permit me to thankyou for opening them to the honest Americans whohave long been deprived of an organ in.this city. I•:'x'Sflff-Jf 9M '•••>*' \ HT h e r e cc^tid be no compromise if denunciations ofM r . Douglas and his friends were to be continued.As the thing stands, it looks like a disposition on terian Church by Dr. Hodge of; Princeton, Dfs.-Plumer, Boardman, and Chester, participating in the ^tfce part of the Douglas men of Augusta to sur- services. The bells of the Chy Hall and all the various'i1 •1l e n d e r .THE FUSION SCHEME IN NEW-JERSEY.churches were tolled, and during the passing of the honored remains from his late residence to the church, and thence to the railroad station, the hotels, stores, banks, and private dwellings, were closed.•Tbe Chancellor to-day gave an opinionin the appli- cation for injunction made by the proprietors of the bridges over the Hackensack and Passaic to restrainlent slanders of The N. Y. Express.It is quite true that I protested last year against anit was four years ago. It was the Renuine Democratic party/ the " Original Jacobs." Tho siaposof the times indicated that ,tbe free speech, free press candidates, in*.- The Breckinridge Committee here were, badlyset back by the failure of the fusion scheme atTrenton- The more demonstrative, who thought the family vault. 2Mr. Breckinridge would sweep the South, nowadmit the prospect of Bell to be good for at leastamalgamated State ticket, the adoption of which re- ^opposition to the Slavery candidates, would be crowned sulted in the loss of forty thousand votes to our be- "with success though not without a struggle.> Jxalf the ^Sectoral votes.THE CALIFORNLA MAILS. .defeated. I accepted the nomination sofoly because it, and the minority in favor of Slavery. The Ger mans was understood to be a test as to the organization of wanted free homes. In 1864 the South would f»lrnisbHowever Mr. Vanderbilt, may have offended the Hoboken Land Improvement Company fromourCommittee. Iwaschoseninspite of a combined manyRepublicans. Nonebut the offlice-8eekirn|poli- opposition by the Utica ticket faction.. Hinc ilia; ticians among the Germans would have tbe imo» id<»nce lachfym.es. at present to declare themselves Democrats. Tlr ie Ger-bridgirg faid rivers, on the ground of having exclusive a t the Post-Office Department tbaj^he has come grants. The motion was denied, and the bill dismissed with costs. The proprietors have exclusive right for a forward to their help in time of. need—-first, by toll bridge, but a viaduct to carry over a railroad wastaking the Bremen and Southampton mails for the not an infringement of the right.public opiaion in New-York or elsewhere, it is feltpostages; second, in coming forward .last year to •carrytheCaliforniamailsafterthefizzleofcon-•ThePrinceofWalesat Halifax.mans bad ever been contending for the true prr cuciples It is quite true that I presented myself at the late of the Republican party; they were jiot a spoi Jls-seek-Union S'ate Convention as a delegate- from the Six- ing people. • — —teenth Ward Union Club of this city, with credentials Mr. LT:»»IKGTON, a farmer bf SullivaiL County,duly signed by our delegates to the Union Central made some stirring appeals, putting the question Committee. It is true, also, that, in defiance of all whether the Germans-wanted slaves to occup; y the fer-parliamentary precedent, or decent practice, I was de- tile lands of the West that the Republican par" ty sought nied a seat in that Convention. But it is likewise true to give to each honest Gorman workingm* ja | Thethat, in rebuke of this outrage perpetrated against my v bites, where Slavery existed, were worse than theconstituency, the Sixteenth Ward Union Club, did at slaves themselves, in support of which state ment quo- once (without my privity, and during my absence ;tations were given.HALIF AX, Monday, July 30, I860. tractor Johnson; and third, in engaging again to. The Prince of Wales landed heie to-day at noon.carry the California mails for the postages, aid for The squadron was off the port yesterday. Royalwhat motto Congress may allow. In Mr. Holt's salutes from the fleet snd the batteries greeted him onhis arrival, while the people turned out in immensetetter of the 2d of May, 3860, sending to Congress numbers to give him a cordial reception. He was pre-a copy of Mr. Vanderbilt's contract, he gives the .sented with an address at the Dockyard. He wore theuniform of a colonel of the army, and rode on horse- amount of postages on the line for about six back to the Governmen House.months at $37,349; whereas this was the postage Emerging from the gates of. the dock-yards, the procef sion passed throng a double file of troops and simply on the mails between the New-York and volunteers to the Government House. Here were a g a n Fraocosco city offices, the postages on all number of triumphal arches ercted-in the streets, in- cluding Cunard's arch, with a steamship on the top of it; tbe Volunteer Artillery arch, built of military trophies; the Mayor's arch; the Archbishop's arch, a very handsome eccleeiastical arch; the Masonic arch,from the city) pass the following resolution unani- mously: • •>•"Resolved, That the delegates from this Club to the Union Cen- tral Committee, be instructed to repudiate the whole proceeding*Dr. SAM URL F . TSCHIRNKR, on of the rex olutionista of 1*848; made a very sensible and- practical < speech on the issues of ihe day. The name Democrs cy sounded pleasantly in the ears of Germans, in reo ollection ofH ;II-Other maiteto and from California, via the Isthmus, |>eing anaited. This was an error of a clerk in the Auditor's office. When it was found that theunanimously:" Whereat, Our affiliation with the so-oalled Union organiza- tion of this city hasbeen abrogated by the dishonorable action of the Union Central Committee in superseding our regularly-accred- ited delegate to a State Convention at Utica: be it thereforepresume to say, after the Constitution Iif is decided ..all men to be free and equal, tbat the jrwt* ice of Slavery was to be settled by majorities in aterrit ory. Germans should not allow themselves to be ihenlf od.""Teal amount of postages was $300,000 a year, the and a number of. other very handsome arches, all of which were beautifully decorated.T^epaitnMeot had no difficulty in effecting the On the parade the firemen turned out with a " tro- arrangement with Mr. Vanderbilt, he paying phy "50 feet high, surmounted by a colossal figure, $100,00V to the Panama Railroad Company. This nyldiDg a hose. Three thousand five hundred children of the schools also turned out in white and blue, andtion ; and that, without expressingany pwfereBOe for a Presiden- tial candidate, we now form ourselves- into the People's Club. No. 1, of the Sixteenth Ward."This prompt vindication of my position, by the action of my constituency, requires no comment from me. IDoaai, and from tbe Fourteenth W ard Republican As- sociation, asking the attendance of trit campaign clubs here represented*at a big meeting a&o'/tly to b« neld by thsm.statement is made by reason of charges against the Po8t-oflu» Department of favoritism toward Mr."Vaaderbit.THE HOUSE PRINTING.^ Mr. Paac^born's friends state that he was not a party to any agreement by which he, in connectionsung the national anthem, " God save the Queen."•The Zouaves at Philadelphia. PHILADELPHIA, Monday, July 30,1860.Tbe Zouaves visited Independence Hall this morning. This afternoon they drilled at Fairmount Park, before 15.000 spectators, among whom were a large number of ladies. As the drill took place on a hill an excellentport of the Utica Convention, published in The Utica Northern men vagabonds because they were poo r. Herald of the 13th inst., showing the extraordinary Douglas was not a candid man. Breckinridge a» admanner in which my rights ao a delegate were in- Lincoln weae. Tb* Geraiaa Demoeraitie Cent ralvaded, and ah adverse report adopted, after my d-*e- ; Committee of this lity endorsed Breckinridge, therecognition by the Chair, sand, while I yet held the- Slavery candidate, bacause tiwy expected to win ofl ices. with Messrs. Moran and Defreet, was to have a view was afforded. Their movements were closely4'TheCnAi>t supposed it was in order forany genGeman to present hisjalalma to be received as a delegate.*.44 Mr. MV&VIIY—But he must present his claims to-the Com- mittee on Credentials—not to the Convention.4tTbeCuAlK thought differently. ' • . „ ,41 Mr. DO«AS»B—I have already transmitted my credentialsto the Committee. I represent the^IXt h Distriot of New-York,and my credentials were slimed by the recognized delegates totheCentralCommitteeofUnonmj»nof.thecity Let anymandeny this if he cam But this treatment wasexpected. I haveapprehended it would come to this. I now demand that my cre- Rttloved, That it Is the duty of every freer i&n and honestportion of the profits of the House printing, in consideration of his aiding in the election of Mr. 3Ford. H i * stated that Mr. Pangborn was an original supporter of Mr. Ford, whjle Messrs.Jtfoian axd Defrees opposed him.T* tW .1—rtwS-xl prMa.W ASHINGTON, M_ onday July 30,1860.scrutinized and loudly applauded. The corps is gaining much favor here, where they were first looked upon as egotists.Death of Jonathan Phillips. BOSTON. Monday, July 30, I860.The HOD. Jonathan Phillips died yesterday, aged 82. He was among our most worthy and benevolent citi- zens.Wkertat, It is our InaJienabLe right* by *h» fathe , nftr ,,* P e5?°?lS?T. (Jeff««°n) gjisrantfrsd, thatallitbe-Territo /ies of theWhile huge clerical forces are'em^1i/ioCyed'atYhe head-<juart«wsr*«pectively, of the Breckinridge, the Doug-jtes. the BdLL, and the Lincoln parties, in directing andsending away campaign docutueniB, the officers of the Their liabilities are $110,000, and their assets are United SJ*MM Agncoltural Society are equally indus-Retolved. That we will assist with all on- ,44 MwwailItriously employed in sending to all parts of the Union th* premium iis«s and ctrenhtrs of the Great National ^Exhibition which is to be held at Cincinnati in Septem- ber. Tfce political matter goes free under the franks of memlMn who remain here to use their autographs, jbm the Agricaltora] lists pay postage.I It is expected that- the Cincinnati *Fair will eclipseany yt* a d d in this country. The premium list ttwooats «*$30y000,of wbichalargeshare,insumsof f 5©0 $3CB, «390, and $100. is offered for horses. A £*?«****«£,-one mile long and fifty feet In width, will m m a Mae opportunity for a trial of speed. Largethe accused.. '•• » TM••.•,name has just been presented to the Committee of Union men in roy district, as.cne who w ^ h ^ to join the organization, but whoprocuringofsuchdataastogeography,etc;,aswill aid the scientific examination..J J m 1W£T - ?.,?'VistulaforNew-York;July13,bark Louise. Melbourne.Business has been quiet since the Pony of the 11th.uality has he recognized hut the equality of a base dent from any exposure of the delinquencies of the in- iqi. ji %Although no proclamation has yet been made as to the result, there is reaeon to believe the joint commis- sion has come to the conclusion that Paraguay is notballot-box. Of Union—the tool of the DtsunionisM. But the essence of your false life and cheating wordswc BD u<>nPlc , <*o M '' My character has been aspersed.Paraguay Navigation Company which claimed dam-Datesfrom St.Louis were received by telegraph,via bpnngfield, to the morning of the 23d of June, andgave the news that the Baltimore Convention broke shadowed forth m the beginning^f your administra- ing that even you could have so far forgotten you'rseif tion was afraid to admitup in a row. Intense anxiety prevailed to know what tion, by base ingratitude to individuals, btep by step, as to inform the sovereign citizens that they were rtul ffow, Sir, let it be r ^ o . ^ f f &*» <>TM « « »,%-OM<V...-V.v^>.<\.MKIR pSQIS it1 '.''li-alL. M: f-i'W' WEWYORK DAILY TREBCWE, TUESDAY, JULY 31, 1^°-a•,. ••i* * J°S E I > H> Monday, July 30,1860. tution are ins-ee^ating the aubject of tornadoes, stim- reacned here with" a generalsummary of news fromionowed. The Republicans regarded the news as so encouraging that they caused cannon to be fired.n m:,unct n havin Deenm'T m ^ ^ S issued restraming theAlta ielegraph Company from using the Morse patent, has brought about a consolidation between that and Restate line, the latter owning the patent.There is no California news of importance.The Overland Mail leaving for the East yesterday took oyer 15,000 letters.The steamer Panama brirgs Oregon dates to the 18th. State Harney acd staff had left for the AtlanticThe mining expedition from JLinn County to the Blue Mountains, bad returned before reaching their point of. destination. Nbeyhad a serious fight with Indians, and killed five of them. They had two men wounded, and had to abandon $750 worth of propertA". The Indians are supposed to bslong to the same gang thathavemadewarinWashoe. Troublewasalsoan- ticipated with tbe Luak Indians, a portion of whom had recently returned from the Washoe country, greatly embittered against the whites in consequence of their depot there. AThe official returns of the election elect Shiel, Dem- ocrat, to Congress, and leaves the Legislature as hereto- fore reported; in all probabilitv securing the election of TY ^P^blican and Popular Sovereignty Democratic United States Senator in August. The whole number of votes, cast in the State was 12,432, against 11,276 last year.printing will now be speedily executed.Forty thousand copies of the Covode report wi]l be . Islands to the 23d ult.; two weeks later.th abbroken up the Convention—to prevent tbe nomination \ floor, my\olc* being s t i n ^ and my constituency of Douglas'and the adoption of the Cincinnati p'at- I ignored by the dictation of a r£*m\ W 0 ^ ; . w h o g «British Legation during the absence of Lord Lyons in Canada. . . .In my capacity as a memlwy of the " Houtttort Execu- tive Committee," and srtso a#a? delegatefi*on**he" «$aa Jacinto Club" of New-YorS^. I was present at th>left.-Nothing occurred in the market worth communi-vance to the constitutional limit. You have, besides, voluntarily entered the lists ofpartisan discussion; in- viting all the consequences of fhe-poeition. ' . , .word tu'• Gen l L ' 'm, T>AJ?e .F Pn y Express, through in ten days, has justGEOKGE M. SA3TDERS TO PBEStDENT BU-CHANAN. ^ the speech: v8 logically a tangled absurdity. Here " The report of tht Committee was adopted.immediately distributed. Business was. dull, and there was no exciting news.. trate sits'greedily receiving petty reports of defectionall time. Influenced by your leading idea of the sud- tion from its beginning; I may y«t take tbe trouble t c ' seiviency of the'People's Convention to Congressional compare that record with the secret as well as public• • • The operations of tbe American Guano Company at A t t e m p t t o T h r o w a T r a i n o f C a r s Baker's Island appear to have taken a fresh impetus.among his enslaved office-holders. The wisest and most honored men of the country avoid Washington as a moral pest-house.The Nero-like perfidy to individuals which charac-terized your administration from the beginning, nowmarks its close by the betrayal of the great and gener-ous ptrty that has fostered you by its hitherto impreg-nable organization, from your early days of Federalist-apostacy, down to your last hours of treasonable in-grattiude and disunion, in the Presidential chair. Never me. . But your insane intermeddling and arrogant- dic- and consistently American ! Let one of them prove dida man owe eo much to a party—never was a party tation, from the position you occupy, with the patron- that I have ever sought an official appointotent ovplace so'wantonly betrayed. False alike to persons and age you wield, make it incumbent upon every patriot of emolument from any political party f Let one of party, you have not thought of. either but for the shal-from the Track. 'BOSTON, Monday, July 30, 1860.Shins will follow each other as rapidly as they can be loaded at the Island. Some 300 laborers were dis- patched to the pits from Honolulu on or about the 21st ult.Later.—SAN FRANCISCO, July" 19, 3:40 p.m.—Ar- rived since the departure of the last pony, July 15, shin Jacob Bell, from New-YOrk; 17th, bark Carrie Leland, Kanawaga.Sailed 17th, bark Julia and Wiihelm, Cape of GoodJour plans had been successful no nomination could gues, since the Winter of 1856, when I first encounter- ave oeen possible against the will of whom ?—the ed them in Legislative caucus, and when- their broker- people ? Net at all—against the will of " Congress." age of American principles first'took definite quotationsAn unsuccessful attempt was made Saturday night throw the New-Y ork Express train from the track, near Framingham, by placing sleepers across"the rails. The train had been running at high speed, being behind time, but the engineer had just shut off steam as itcate in you some sense of the errors of your adminis- tent to leave these Utica gentlemen in the enjoymentwasnearing the depot,when the enginestruck five Hope,withacargoofflourand wheat.sleepers On the track. Three of them were thrown off COMMBROIAI.—Tiade has been quiet this week, with but little uquiry for goods frcm the countra, and only a small quantity go- tbe rails, but two caught under the cowcatcher and ing forward. No importanttransactions have transpired. Small parcels are selling at about the last quotations. .Sales of somewho knows you, to expose your infirmities; that your them maintain that I have ever bargained, traded, orwere borne along till the train stopped. The train rocked fearfully, causing a panic, but no damage wa3 dote. 'articles, however, show a downword tendency.Crushed Sugar is not worth over U^c. -WhiskyZ¥8>Z5c.American Brandy 4?c. 600 bags Rio Coffee ex-Netona, soJd at 14ic. at auction to-day, A large lot of Chisa goods were offeredlowest instincts of self.It is a favorite thought and expression with you thatthe Federal officers are your personal property. How often have the moriocratic words, " w y Secretaries, my office-holders," grated upon the indignant ears of American citizens assembled in the'presence-chamber at the White House? Even the European despotic formula qualifies itself by the less arrogant use of the plural. Instead of inculcating the.ennobling idea that their first duty is to their country and to democratic principle, your rule holds officials to a degrading sub- serviency; there is not a. man of your appointment, from Cabinet Minister to tide-waiter who does not live in a state of daily irritation and protest, under your grinding rule. Offices, men, patronage aud public money are all classed as your property. There is scsiroely a contract made under the Government in wbich you do not actively participate; not oh the side of the people, but for some follower, as instanced in your divisions and sub-divisions of the profits on the Post-Office blank printing. Thetthought never struck you that it was your duty to save the excess, over areasonable profit, instead of disreputably dividing it among your favorites. Your small politics keep you always in some imaginary" administration crisis, and constantly on the look-out for vacant positions for the reward of your partisans of the moment. Positions of consequence are thus not appreciated by you, and are often thrown away or overlooked, while inferior posi- tions aie swelled into places of importance. Witness your recent varied attempts to get rid Of the Paraguay. Commission, in pursuance of your tactics to lower superior men by offering them inferior positions. The antithesis is seen, in the dragging of the sacred ermine of the Supreme Bench into tbe duet of party arena, to rewaid your Jeffreys for bis infamous decisions and sneaking deseitionas President of the National Con- vention. .You have in your Cabinet gentlemen who had a right to look forward to the position you.occupy; but following the dictates of a selfish ambition, you have systematically endeavored to weaken every distin- guished man of the party who aspired to be your suc- cessor. Bepeating your worn-out expedient of pomp- ously, reliriiig from the contest, you favored no one, but clung to the idea that you might prolong your reign another four years by ieveliog the chances of others. • The extraordinary zeal which you manifested in yonr advocacy of the Lecompton Constitution, was prompted principally by the desire of breaking downdeceptive words may have no undue weight, falling from the lips of the* President of tbe United States. Your repeated declaration in London that you were tooeven maneuvered, for political preferment or profit ? Let one of them substantiate the charge that I was ever publicly or privately in fellowship or understand-T h eINT>KPENT>ENCE, Monday, July 30,1860.The New-Mexican mail, with dates to the 16th inst., arrived here last night, making the distance in 13 days. News had reached Santa F6" that Manuel Chaves,or that I ever cast a vote for any otber than an original avoided my snare in the error of your elevation. Your American candidate, save only when I supportedpresent shattered condition of mind has, however, un- George Opdyke for Mayor of New-York, in opposition doubtedly been\>reciprtated by the accession of a re • to the same " unholy alliance " that is now auctioneer- sponsibihty wbichVto your view involved oJSly the ex- ing a Union Electoral ticket.ercise ef a willfuKand domineeriog authority. Up- . I am aware that, in preserving my political and per- rightness of heart would have saved w u even amid sonal integri y, I am strangely out of the Utica fashion.tfew-OTtexicanMall;covered.Business in Santa F^ was recovering.The crops promise a fine yield, but provisions areBtill scarce and command very high prices".Major Sedwick's command are at Bents Fort.Capt. Stewart, a few days ago: went in pursuit ofof the Court of AppealB, is addressing a large and en-but could only be disposed of to the extent of samples. there is little change to be noted.In Grainold for the Presidency, was but too true. Had I then ing with any political party whatever, save the Amer- known your real age, aud some points of character re-vealed by th<J^tohcbstone of power, I should have ican Organization, and the present People's movement;Kentucky Politics. LOUISVILLE, Monday, July 30—9 p. m.thusiastic Bell and Everett meeting. of ladies are among the audience.A great number'.;:— •;;—" In life's Isst stage, what prodigies arise—Fears of the brave, and follies of the wise; Down Marlboro's cheeks the tears of dotasre flow, And Swift expires, a driveler and a show.?'The Pennsylvanian has changed proprietors, D . ing the destruction of the upper part of buildings Nos the formidable rivalsbip of Robeit J. Walker. Thetriumphant, success of Gov. Walker's brave eloquence and skillful statesmanship in Kansas, excited the low passions of your nature. It was then that every appli- ance of fraud and force was erected into a machine of corruption. For the past, twelve months you have nervously watched the Presidential field; driving back any aspirant who appeared to be advancing too rapidly.Instead of laying aside selfish views, and patriotical- ly coming to the rescue of the Democracy at the recent Convention, you formed an Executive and Congres- sional cabal to force upon the people a dictatorial nomi- nation, and a platform of unseasonable and impractica- ble issues. A powerful compact minority of Northern delegates, Federal retainers flagrantly misrepresenting their constituencies, and in many cases voting against direct instructions, failed, however, to shake the true representatives of the people, who would perhaps have, indeed, been justified in boltiDg a nomination accom-Elished by means so nefarious. Yet not in the darkest ours of tbe fierce battles at Charleston and Baltimore —the only fields in which tbe Federal Executive and Congressional cabal had a particle of power—did the representatives of the people for one moment contem- plate abandoning the Convention. That such a man, and the clique around him, should seduce any large portionofdelegatesintothemadactofsecession,gives only the greater value to our. elastic institutions, which so rapidly return the unfaithful magistrate to the com- parative haimlessness of private life. The hiUucina- ticn under which you and your coadjutors had been laboring, however, "that National Conventions could be controlled by Executive and Senatorial stratagem, was dispelled by the triumph of the people at Balti- more. ,:The Cincinnati Platform was good enough for you,with JamesBuchanan, that upright, undeviating states-man, upon it; but the brave ana true Douglas, becausehe was not your mouthpiece and shadow, needed amore stringent rule. You were very earnest duringyour own canvass, in declarations of the necessity of.your election upon the Cincinnati Platform, to save thecountry. You thought the election of Fremont overE. Morwitz retiring, succeeded by John H. Brunner. The Breckinridge and Lane flag has been hoisted.98, l00,102, and 104, together with a large quantity o valuable property. .Mr. Moffett, who was one of the Virginia dele-gates that refused to secede at Baltimore, ratherfavoredtberesolution,but saidhewouldmakenopledge in advance of the State Convention of the The funeral obsequies of the Rev. Cortland Van .Charles Vinten, PriDter, but from what camse couldADAM KOEDIGKR of the XXIId Ward called the J "This Mr. Duganne bolted and protested ajainstthe Stite meeting to order, and GEORGK MANSCHOT was then1 /1• — •The fire originated in the building No. 100 Nassau . BUKLINGTOS, N. J., Monday, July 30, 1860. street, occupied on the 4th, 5th, and 6th floors by•*& £ • HOhsequiesofMr.Tan Rensselaer.f* i15ear and then elected himself to a Houston meetiDg?at Schen- called upon to preside. Messrs. Robert Schroeder, m 1number of prominent clergymen of different denomina- tions were present. '//'..The funeral discourse was preached—in the Presby-a•SB I. 9The remains were taken to Albany for interment inT h e New-Jersey Bridge Cases. TRENTON, N. J., Monday, July 30.1860.subsequently indorsed in this city, by my election last that he was not a candidate of freedom." It was timeA s s i g n m e n t .CINCINNA TI, Monday, July 30, 1860.wish to know- If this Convents-JB it willing to adopt anothergentleman in my place, wlthpot a si'gh* statement* from theCommittee on Credentials, w ay they hav» taken this extraordi-nary coume of substituting ft gentleman in my place, whoso -Jtoj•** That we a^oMledgein Abrr C l S 1 ° 0 f l Unoi.F. X. Wredemer 6c Co. made an assignment to-day. small.;—•—The Prince of Wales. BALTIMORE, Monday, July 30,1860.Lord Lyons and Fredk. Ware, esq.,of the British Le- gation k ft here this morning for Canada to meet the Prince of Wales.Weatlier Report.home industry, a homestead for actual sett S O T . i f for all citsaea* without distinction of birf * . M * ^ S f l * * 1ST. JOHN'S, N. K., Tuesday, July 30, I860. WindKaat. Clear. Tnermometer 80. No signs of the Prince | River,not be ascertained.. Thence the flames extended on either side to the sixth stories of No. 98, occupied by Mr. Strong, Book Publisher and Stationer.,and Nos. 102 and 104 occupied by various parties as offices.The firemen were on the ground with their* usual alacrity after tbe alarm was sounded, but owing to the extreme hight of the buildings, they experienced great difficulty in reaching the flames. By good manage- ment, however, on the part of the Chief -Engineer and Assistants, the firemen succeeded, after about two hours' hard labor, in obtaining mastery of the destructive element.The fourth, fifth and sixth stories of No. 104 were partially destroyed, and the sixth story of No. 98, 102 and 104 almost entirely burned out. The building No. 104, corner of Nassau and Ann streets is very deep, extending nearly one hundred feet in the latter street, arjd the upper part was at onetime enveloped in flames. Although the moon was shining brightly, the light from the burning structure could DOdistinctly seen'from every part of the city.Tbe loes on stock of Mr. Vinten will amount to about §10,000. He is probably insured.The stock of Mr. Noonan. stationer, on the first floor of No. 100, was damaged by water to the amount of about $5,000. Injured for $3.500, in city Companies.The. stock and fixtures in the publishing and station- ery establishment of Mr. Strong, No. 98 Nassau street, were damaged by fire and water to the extent of about $10,000. ' Fully insured for city Companys for $36,000..The stock of Mark Cohen, stationer and bookseller, on the first floor of No. 102, was damaged by water to the extent of $1,500. Insured for $4,000 in city com,:pannes.Damage by water to stock of Aaron Joseph, clothier,on the first floor of building corner of Nassau and Ann streets, about $500. Insured for $2,000 in city compa- nies. Mr. Joseph succeeded in removing the greater part of his stock, but it was much damaged by water in removal.Less of Mr. Thompson, broker, occupying office in No. 102, about $300. .•;....The machinery and tools of Mr. Ayres, manufacturer of jewelry, were damaged to the amount of about $1,500. Fully insured.The stock and fixtures of Wm. A. McDonald, adver- tising agent, were damaged about $150.The stock and fixtures of Stout & Brother, proprie- tors of The N. Y. Transcript, were damaged to the amount of about $500 by water. Fully insured.Several other persons occupying offices in the corner building sustained more or less damage by water. The buildiDgs are owned by Mr. Rogers, and are damaged to the amount of $10,000; insured.Thft' stock of Mr. Rogers, clothier, in the buildm/? known as " Union Hall, corner of Fulton and Nassau streets, was damaged by water, but to what extent is iun>nown. , V _Officer Jones of the Second Precinct, arrested Fran- cis, assistant foreman of No. 41 Hose, for striking him over the head with a trumpet. Keating was locked up.—»—•——i• •;ARREST OF A NOTCOEUOUS BURGLAR.—Last even- ing, Officers Fitzmaurice and Nevins of the Second Ward, ar- rested Edward Lilly, a notorious housebreaker, who has served one term in the State Prison, on a charge of burglariously enter-Adolph Lange, Bernard Haman, Martin Straubinger, Jobn W- Marshall, J. Ebret, H. Gerke, J. Nordens- schild, Valentine Kuhn, Jobn M. Meyer, Carl Marx, and John- May were. appointed Vice Presidents, and Messrs. Robert F . Hillig and Gustavus Levy as Secre- taries. '..''••'rejoice that the magnanimity of THE TRIBUNE allowsus a medium of fair reply to the incessant and malevo- appearance of the Republiean party to-day, from what•vi |sing the premises of Mrs. Palmer, No. 6 Second Btreet, and stealing therefrom a quantity of jewelry.. Mrs. Palmer was awak the men spoiled by long offlaial -life-* imbedded fossils,Twenty-first, andTwenty^oond Wards,in m- sembled,'s* meeting as-enedby the.fellow striking a match in her room, and upon herSheincapable of arousing themselves to the imminence of the occasion. The young, brave, and gallant patriots at the North, are on the side of Douglaa and the coun- try—it is the militia of 76 agaaist George III. It is the revolution of '98 against John Adams and old Fed- eralism. :",dentials be read before this Convent! .on for-iuformation.44 [Cries of 'Adopt the. report,' s o d a good deal of confusion.]calling out, " Who's there," he extinguished the light- mediately rose fiom her bed, and ordered Mm out of the room when he beat, her severely, and succeeded in ^ f ^ W at the time. The accused was locked up in the Second Ward Station-House, and will to-day be taken before the Courts. Mrs. Palmer, and her daughter, who was also present, fully Ulentiueaim-4* A motion to adopt tbe report w,-as made.Mr. DoOAKS*—1 demand thAt my credentials be read- I) _ , . . „ . the Republican party, since we find in the CY A^oVUtrl^thl .urestKuaranty-llor'the protection of free "iaS%rote?thTn ^fr,,W«^|.«^IMWM<*»>KW"fc(»lW«'<^lWl^«^W^ington the center of intellectual brilliancy. But in-stead of communing with the best minds of the country, stroy the party. Your efforts may result in the electionand informing' yourself freshly from its different sec- tions, you make the recesses or the Presidential man- sion, labyrinths of espionage where the Chief Magis-of Lincoln, but in any event you will receive tbe con- weak comment on my success heretofore Jn thwartingyourself and that declaration of principle was suffi-DEATH OF AN UNKNOWN MAN.—An unknown man imagine, " indignantly frowning upon the attempt toaliebate one portion oi our countrymen from the.jest," waswifcheseed a few evenings since, the spectableof his successor inaugurating a division of his own party —the last tuning national that the strife of antagonisticI have heretofore been 'associated— ."Mr. MirarnY (tnt<jnruptiug) declared the gentleman out of order.VMr. DuOANKK—l credentials be read. ttt m y44 Mr. BApXMpnsB of Kings County said every body had apentle man w » regularly Heeteo or not he did not care. He is, at &tvrJw of the United State*.was run over last evening in Fifty-fifth street, comer of Third Krinunina, and al-avenue, by n stone truck driven b*,yj *Pa—tr.i—ck -;..,,. rrTM' .„ „,„ mostInstantlykilled. The bodywa*takento^htheTwenty-seo-ond Ward Station-Bouse, and the Coroner aottuea._"Mr,ScKOO«iofEriemovedthatthegenUeman'aoreden- tlaltjberead. ,li3X of M* f iSlP 1?,1*'»nt. v « n n d o n « w,.«> by hk eminent talenU ami !„two young, men, interests rjad left us a people; the morale of the posi-SKYLARKING.—Last evening, »»»» ;- r~<z' tion is so low that no honomblo mind oan fathom itsnamedJohn Spriggin. andWiVHam fe^XsZT N & larkhijt with euch other at the foot of Seventiet»» street, «ortu Wverfwhen Sheehan drew a knife and accidentally cut hi.*- turpitude. The journals inform us that five huudrf.d ail evects, a conspicuous member of » party that U hostileto us." Mr. DCOANNK—WUl the gentleman name the party ?Revolted, Tbat we »olerj(miy, promise and . ourselvas to>• work for the election of **»**« candidates wiido not doubt tbat in tbia Ooruhj. oamoaikn thousands o f f t ^ r ^UiouBp;nd copies of this address are to be franked Albert now duo from Galwuy 21st. W W in the Mtonmch, producing a serioua wound. Sheehan vra* through the mail to the people. Ten thousand declare'•41 onr might, and • Mr BACKHouaa-Yes. IVtu before! get tnrough. i o P w I Deraocrata wlU join w TteedoVand wUl u o E j ? £ d £ K lAt Capo Eacv, weather clear; can see twenty-five mjlto. off SSftd. and looked. uP tu the aVentyaeoond ViKA-SWtov ( - g j ^ - j j g j ^ t c h e d T o ' m Uttforiunate offlc^0Udra —€M*lRMpiiD4 «w aia^MiffiN^^r portoeUa4,foC1-A*w,the foUowtoj reaoiHttoa: 'WhereHi A. J, H. DvQW.«b Nbythetreachewu*po^yofth»D«moc»ttop*rt^^^^^^^^^ aUntitled DocumentAt tho seat of Grbvernnrvent of the States in theirUnited Majesty, in a city called for the Father of hiscountry, the - prese nee of whose spirit we can readily has not yet been reported, upon. I staud here an honest man.the chosen standard-bearer ot the Re «ublioannar*r aW/SK» represenUtive of our principles, whor J V S 3 ^ J £ $ & and wbo by his great ta]«.nU and extr AOrdln»r7.»n..tw£. Jr.***IXNottbb^akof theeth'csof the whole trtf**"*^NEW-YOKK, 30th July,1860; «tandETthe "ruL*6 or rufc" chief of secession, pr^.m ^ "Mr. DnoAifWR—Mr. Chairman!is found in the next paragraph: " Every Democrat is ^ I E S TM^KOOKS of New-York, (very Wtterly)~Tf tb*- " at perfect liberty to vote as he thinks jPrope'V •-rrffcmnn £ if. «1*ti*fi*d h « has his remedy—*he same th»t h*Yourcumulativeinfidelitytotfoecountry,which has Cheers from the crowd of your poor office-bolder*, 5*Wjf?t £ar ^ can P*******« h«*H**>• (Appiwise.) brought us to our present disintegratuig condition, was - - "-"' ****• x- * be wan very glad to find that this Conven-form—you then, from the window of the White House,and executive dictation, you unwittingly state that if history of Mr. E. Brooks and some Of his Utica collea-Did regretful silence and modest reserve now indi- at the poli'ical stock-board. For the present, X am con-that consideration for old age which is its due, in inno- their position entitles them. Let one of them, if he can, cence or helplessness, would have claimed thought from place a finger upon any act of mine which Is not strictlyJefferson: .:••"•'•'.'MR.DUG ANNE IN E.REPLY TO THE BROOKS.HON.To the Editor of The N. Y. Tribune.tains a preamble and resolutions purporting to be anindorsement of Bell and Everett by the American Gen-eral Committee. As President of that body, I pro-nounce The Express publication an imposition upon MASS MEETING the public, and refer to T H E TRIBUNE of Saturdayyou taking a straight course, I will try and follow.". ,' A. J. H. DUGAN, President Am. (hsn. Com.New-York, July 30,1860. —•—'ticket last year, was tumed out of, the State Convention thisectady Now he turnB up rolting against the acts of the Gen- Geo. H. Maggersuppe, Fred. Skoll, Aug. Parthney, Atrayed party. But it is likewise true that my protest,as opposed to the ruinous policy of Mr. E. Brooks, was SIGISMUND KAUFMAN quoted from Douglas to showJanuary to the Presidency of the American General tbe minority should stop governing the majority, Commitee over Mr. Brooks's pet candidate, who was espocially when the majority Was in favor of Freedomcient cause for the dissolution of the Union. Now, of the Committee at Utica, and that they be withdrawn from the the troubles wbich they had gone through • but let notwith its provisions strengthened, you, as President, are aiding Lincoln with all your oiled machinery. It will be difficult, however, for you to convince the nation that tbe institutions of the country would be any safer under Lincoln-than they would have been under the lets fanatical Fremont. "Instead of heavily taxing your office-holders to initiate Breckinridge tickets North, it would be brave and generous, comparatively, the result being the same, toor.der them to go direct for Lincoln. Your hands reeking with Democratic gore, you thus essay to deliver over the betrayed South into the t >ils of Republican intervention. Your Administration will be marked in history as the fomenter of anarchy and civil war. There is nothing so base that you would not do to prolong your power; madness seems to pos- sess you-r-to have no successor, to leave our Govern- ment behind you—like the miser who clutches his bag of gold in his dying hour, and/refuses even to will it to another^ lest it should loosen his hold upon it in his last moments. 'When the Democratic party was in the throesof its present dismemberment, and you were telegraphed of the fact—a fact which would have awakened painful emotion in the heart of any honest Demoorat—the.only excitement visible in your sordid nature was intense rage at the cost of the dispatch.Incongruous associations always accompany political irregularities. The Administration having dragged the party into the vortex of fire, caaries .vfth.it acorn the "North to the fett of the disunionists, the place-men,,CentralCommittee "';••'• ;It is furthermore true that the Sixteenth Ward Germans be deceived,j3reckinridge and I )ougl«s wereUnion Club has since-adopted the following resolution both Slavery men. How shall a man like Douglas44 Resolved That we repudiate the aforesaid Union organiza- A letter was read from El Delation Smith, AdolphA. J. DITTEJIHOFFER thought that when Mr. Wig—: shall only append to it an extract from a ver'Watim re- I falls wig fell his sensee- did liko\f ise, in calling poo rfloor:, as a member of the Convention:14 Mr.' DiKrANirac—P-npresent the Sixteenth Ward of the. City-by doing s». [Cries of Shame!}The following resolutions wwre adopted;, and s abse-quently eeveralotber genitemen addressed! the me* jtiug:Whereas^ Slavery undermines the moraJitv of thepeo- ,i „„<! wprevents the natural progressive nrosperiy"of national' *tJ . ' « toward despotism unavoidably loads( and aie, anaTUnited States shall remau. forerer secured to ficwelabof New-York, the only regular and accredited delegate—41 86Mr. MUHPHY of Albany rose t» a point of erder. T" *-? TM: tfeman wa* not a member 0 f the Convention, and had ao right to speak.FREDERICK KKAPP remarked the difference in the:S \Jbasis of national prosperity; aitdSWhereat, A proper protection of borne Industry Isoi, the essential toe development of the resources of infant' States. ' Germsii R'epubUcan CompaigsvClnb oTthe^Sixteent'^V^MM^ ^^^"^patriot to oppose the perpetuation and furtbSlavery. er extension of«hi«tbecandidatefor right,to protect itself against spies and intruders. "Whether the tegrity ha. gained an eonally eaaoWned p o K a ass! JiSamiS"vE?*^^**!^"*TMJ V* P•* Thomas M. Tryniski 309 South 4th Street Fulton New York 13069'•^""^-Wii^a'jaiwtwtgy^'-^/.v-^/tv^i-www.fultonhistory.comi*i:...;.v._,.i:.' ,.,-J*<W..'i'SSKjgSS 