 Ia a oewse aw IIhmt, a lady IvwJ, . . . —Bat to tor* art be level by tbeaA. Pom. Itwaa the Bret year of (be present ceatary-erehood, while he was staving at the Etheridge Arms, lonel Hastings recalled his attention, by saying— rous confidence, and exeoute the deed o f J R » ° i that Albert Hastings first saw Rous Elmer. Levere,vehicle, raised ia About half way i stood a row of laweverything else verized lira depressingthingThey drove rapidly on for yet another mfle along tie boundary of the chase, aad suddenly came up- y^t ateaaiatups, railways, gaalight, insurance com- on a thicket of trees, from the midst of whichthe doors opened immedfctely open the ^ThSha^wDl love«a rtty wattljr, forlahaU and nota bit of passage protected thspaaiee, telegraphic wires, and detective policemen ted expelled neatly all poaetoulty of rieissltade, pert, and adfentnre from ciTillxed eocietyR t i i whUe clumsy sailing yesaehi were the only means of ocean travel, and heavy stage coaches umbered slowly along every public road in the c ountry• it waa while footpads still larked in the shadow • of the city streets, to start forth upon the tainted pedestrian, and highwaymen, under the veil of night, sprang out to commit their lawless depredations upon the unguarded traveller, while he spirit of romance hovered around old bulld-ogs, sad superstitutioa lingered in secluded neighborhoods, that the strange events of our storyi saws/had.It was early fa the morning of a lovely day inJune that a rather large group of idlers gathered in front of the Etheridge Arms, a quaint old tavern in the ancient little town of Swinburne, situated in one of the most picturesque and beautiful counties la the West of England.They were standing within the arched gateway, or leaning against the solid masonry of the side walls, that looked strong enough and old enough to have been those of some ancient keep, and which la a c t had done good service as defences, in the olden time, when might made right, and every man's house was indeed hi» castle.By their looks and conversation, it was evident that some event of unusual importance waa ex- pected to come off."The coach will be late; what wull be keeping her?" inquired Broding, the village smith, as he re-frowned the ruins of the ancieat keep, its solid masonry now covered thickly with ivy. Youug Cassinove, who felt a daap interest in all these scenes, would have paused to contemplate ths venerable rota, bat again the impatieaee of his employer urged the postillion to greater speed, aad they drove hurriedly past, A few yards further on tkey reached the south gate of the park, guarded by the ancient porter Blodge.They passed under the lofty archway and entered upon the beautiful grounds that lay more immedi- ately around the castle.bwinburne Castle was of later date than the an- oint keep, the ruins of which they had just passed, and from which it took its name. The building was a double quadrangle, in the form of the latter H, and having towers at the four ex- tremities.the dwellers. d a y intruder •'ibxTftTtoof V a t o n a and w ^ t r f « * * * from the street into thetroubled the ftee of Albert Hastings at the men- houses.couldof the teat Lord Etheridge,", who htad died fiivreyears before, leaving his only daughter, Uora,solejheiress of all his vast possessions. Young Caamnove gaxed with deep interest upon this gray old church, until Co-sasaSSw^sBBga house, but frequently c i n e . » . » „ , guardian to see his ward, the youngvisit bis bride electIt was during one of these visits to toe noighbDr-tog the fortuneagainst the woman who heavy pecuniary obligation; dure to depend u p -A man of fortune,loves her even the moreon him for everything.'Whether this were true or false of all men, or of any man, Rose Elmer believed it.coming from him, and a bright light of toy btaaw orar her face asei*thei" Come, Caasiabve, we have no time for antiqui- ties. Our business is not with the past hot with toe future.''the world say?""JustwhatHHkes,mydear ew»f..l.PL«.age, and have the right to * j W I j ^ J } my own. I please to bestowJ* all, not «dy in ^rf. feet, but in reality, npon my husband," ahe replied,witoabeaaimgimfle. A 4 W „ _ «,„• - A B «'But,LadyEtoorMge.Ido not know that^yon, the last baroness of the anoient house of Swin- burne, have the right to transfer toe C a g e «Jbis valet, bad senthis master's linen to a laundress, and it had been brought home by Rose.She was a fair and delicate beauty, small aad ex quisitely formed, with regular features, and a snowy complexion, faintly tinted with a roseate UoomVponlLrouodedcneek. and plump little lipt,and a profusion of pale goldea hair, parted and waved off ia rippling tresses from a fowhaad of inmnttae whiteness and snwwtonoaa. Untiko those of the firm of bar ebm, her hand* aad arms ware beautifuuy formed, and her feet warecome hither, if you please. Your signature is want- turned, disappointed, from one of these surveys. opening a door on his right to admit the ed as witness to a deed" 1"What do'ee think—wull the bridegroom be doon youug secretary into a sitting room, and then goingfor sore ?*' he naked, turning to an ostler, who had left tbe stable yard for the same purpose."Wall the young squoir be doon? Of course he wall! Duonot he send down his groom to speakrooms in the house, with orders to have fires kin- been shown was a pleasant, cheerful morning room, U:ut the man vho is blessed with her love may bo dled? Why, man, the young squoir wull never be simply but elegantly furnished. The great front worthy of her! And oh, that I had the only Pagaaabout for some means of meeting her in secresy and safety.Tnrough the help of a confidential servant and a city agent, he hired and furnished that obscure cot- tage iu the wood, and one day, meeting Rose, he invited her for a walk, and conducted her to the ccttage, to give her a surprise, and to watch its ef- fects. As he ushered Rose into the pretty room, fitted up with all the elegance of a lady's boudoir, she made an exclamation of intense astonishment and pleasure. The rural cottage in its thicket of ropes', flowering shrubs and trees, and the pretty room with its gems of art and literature, affected ber with many delightful emotions. The novelty pleased her unaccustomed eyes; the beauty charmed her poetic soul; and the thought that all this had been prepared by William Lovel, and for her, touched her heart with profound gratitude.late at soon s time," replied the ostler, in contemp- tuous tones.window, reaching from ceiling to floor, and from side to side, commanded an extensive view of the lawn, with its groves of trees, its shaded lake and its paiterres of flowers. A roaery outside the win- dow adorned the frame, without obstructing the view of this grand picture. At the opposite end of this room was a spacious mirror, that filled up all that part of the wall, and reflected the whole of theprivilege of opening the gates ot life, aud escaping its tortures! He obeyed Colonel Hastings' sum- mons, and went up .to the table, where he waapres-cntt d to Lady Etheridge, as—"My secretary, Mr. Cassinove, your ladyship.'"I nave seen Mr. Cas.-iuove betore," said the ladykindly, holding out her hand.He barely touched the white hand as he bent be-fore her. His own turned cold as ice."Now, then, lady Etheridge," exclaimed Colo-nel Hastings, spreading out the document before her .And the business of signing and witnessing the deed was completed.Cplonel Hastings and his secretary then took leave, and left the casde to return to the Etheridge"A good Job if an never room at all. The loikes of yon coomiog to marry our lady, and lord it over our castle. When were it ever known that a Lord Etheridge, of Swinburne, married wi' a cummuner • ' But we'»e ay hesflh tail that a house is done fur when it fall* to towWstaff,' aaid an old laborer, from Swinburne Chase.'Til teu'ee all what and about it. Old Hastings, landscape commanded by the window.tbe fe j ther o' that young man, was his late ludship's Cassinove passed thoughtfully about this apart-friend, and were left gardeen by his late ludstup's ment, pausing sometimes at the window to gaze will to this young lady. Well, old Hastings waa a upon the beautiful sceoery of the lawn, and stand-" And this is your home," she said, turning herclear eyes, beaming with innocent joy, upon his word about the approaching wedding. Indeed, Iknowing un, and made the match. There s where it fa; and so they're to be married to-morrow.""Rui&b! liar ken'. Coome along wi' I; here's theing sometimes before the mirror to admire the poetic taste that had placed this glass just where it duplicated the world of beauty without.face. think that her dread and horror of the castle peo-"This is my home, sweet Rose, and yours, when ple is getting to be a monomania. Can youWhile hs stood before the mirror, enjoying the was heard signalling the approch of the Bristol glided a purple-draped female figure, that immedi-coach, that pre.eeutly rumbled down the street, and ately rivetted his attention. It was a woman incoach,'' suddenly interrupted the smith, startingArms, whither we must precede them by a few vou cccsent to share it "with me," he answered, imagine the cause of such a strange mentalfrom the archway into the street, just as the horn reflected landscape, suddenly among the rose3hours.drew op with great noise before the Uvern gates. All the servant* of the house and y ar 1 ruahed out to receive It, jostling against each other, choking up the avenues, and creating much annoyiug con-"Mine! mine! Oh, it ia too much! What a beau- age or illness," replied Albert Hastings, cheerful-tiful place! Wherever the eye roves through the ly; for he cared very little for the cause of the * it not?"fusion."Kow. gocd people, room here, room! You areare not those of wax dolls. As young Cassinove gazed upon her reflected image, as he never gazed upon her, he felt as though a goddess had suddenlyHtr lot s on jou—woman's lot—Stili to make tools, and to had ta«tn cl«y,And weep Ouu waited woralup—Itasvefere pray'room it lights upon some lovely object, and if I laundry-woman's monomania, so long as it served look out of any window I see trees, and shrubs, his purpose of effectually keeping Soee Elmer from and roses— every where roses!" she exclaimed, the perilous neighborhood of the castle and ehase. with delight But toe object for which he bad requested this"Surely, dear mother, the village is full of the wedding, and talks of nothing else. The .village children have been employed all day iu bearing flowers to decorate the castle church, and to strew in the path of the bride aa aha comes—they leva her so weR.""Yes, she is a high and mighty lady, yet sweet and gracious as becomes one so exalted Gome hither, girl; kneel down before me, so that Itake your face between my hands!" aaid the ^ growing more strange ia her talk.Rose obeyed, and her mother, bowing bar own stern, dark face, shut that of the girl between herelde.lj gentleman, whose tall, spare, and stoopingfigure was clothed in a suit of clerical black, andwnote pale, thin, long face waa surrounded by hairsion at jet black, glittering hair, that was plainly parted over her broad, expansive forehead, and swept around the temples, and wound into a richatd down the floor,murmuring—"Men tbii k me a very fortunate and happy man;The maiden suddenly put up her hands to hide the tears that were filling her eyes."Why does my darling weep?' Uquired her lover,on, attended by the footman, to the library.How often we meet our fate without an instant'shad passed: thinking—feeling—Oh, heavens! how this woman can love —this woman whom I could worship, nay, whom I <*o and shall worship as theproved her one of nature's queens. j Peer girl! she little dreams that the man who has j wooed her, under the name of William Lovel, i-t The impression made upon the enthusiastic heart really Albert Hastings, the envied bridegroom of laborer, addressing the amitn, as these two tra- of Ferdinand Cassinove was at once vivid, deep i the high-born Lady Etheredge of Swinburne. It vellers issued from the coach, and passed before the and strong—quick as sun painting, permanent as j cannot be helped. I cannot pause for lady's right,do nothing for yon.""Sweet Rose, you can make me toe happiest of men. You, and you only, can do this," he said fer- vently."I, Mr. Lovel! how can I make you happy?" ahe whispered, in a tremulous voice, and with a deeply brushing cheek."By sharing my homo, my fortune, and my heart," he whispered, bonding over her.She bowed her head until her chin rested upon her bosom, and her fair hair fell forward and vauedher blushing cheeks and moist eyes."Answer me, sweet Rose. Will you be mine?"be asked, seeing that she continued silent"Mr. Lovel, I am too lowly born, too humble, and too ignorant to be your wife. Would it wire other- wise, and-1 were more worthy of the station that you offer me," she murmured, in an almost inaudi-ble voice.He suddenly dropped her hand and walked tothe window. He bad not meant anything like this. Y et the innocent village girl had naturally mistaken his declaration of love for a proposal of marriage.How to undeceive her without shocking her: bow to explainwithout estranging her,ho could not tell He perceived that toe winning of this girl to hs purpose must be the work of time and great patience. He returned to her side, and, re- possessing htm&elf of her hand, said:—" Sweet love, I did not mean to hurry aad dis- tress you. Since you feel a desire for a wider range of knowledge, though I think you altogether lovely as you are, I myself will become your teach- er. It shall be my delightful task to open to yourconfidential servant should personate the officiating clergyman, and which waa to be kept a secret from all, if he could only persuade her to take toe step. It was not without a severe mental struggle that Albert Hastiags had gained his own consent to this aot of deception; nor was it without great hesita- tion that he broached the subject Atiength, when he found courage to speak, he seated himself beside her, took ber hand, looked into her sweet face with an expression that might have beguiled au angel, and said:—"Dear Rose, ycu have known me now intimately for some mouths. Have I ever in word, look or act given von offence?""No! oh! no, never!" ahe replied, ia surprise."In all this time, dear Rose, baye you ever aeon in me anything unworthy of a gentleman?''"Never, oh, never! ||Why should you ask me?" ahe inquired with astonishment."Y ou behave me, then, to be a man of honor?""Of unimpeachable honor. I should deem it a profanity to question that Why, then, do yon ask me?"sherepeated,withincreasing wonder."You have confidence in me?""Perfect confidence. Oh, why should you doubt it, Mr. Lovel?" she inquired, witb earnest fervor."Because, sweet girl, I am about to ask you to give me a great proof of your confidence in my honor?""What is it, Mr. Lovel? I know, I am sure youwould not ask me to do anything toe least wrong," No, dear mother, you have let kindnesi mart likely spoil me," aaid Rose in simple wonder at ha words."I baye not let your person grew coarse with hard work, have I, dear ."" N o , mother; notwithstanding that I ought to have worked with you, and for you.""Your hands have never been roughened by helping me in the laundry?"" No, mother: though they ought to have beea'" Nor have your sweet eyes been spoiled by nee- dle work: "" No, good mother; I have been as uselessfine lady. to my shame." as s" And I have worked hard to nave you work, aad to pay for your schooling, have I not?"•D?ar mother you bave! Y ou bave been the bastmother in the world, and only too good to me. BetI will try to repay you." to repay ycThink of all that to-morrow, child ; aad ; of all thatall the country around shudders at my crine, when all the people call down imprecations upas my name, do not you curse one who has nourishes you at her bosom, when that bosom is oeld is death," said the woman, solemnly."Oh! ahe is mad! mad!" exclaimed Rose, in da- may, at hearing these words; then lowering bar voice, she said, " Mother! mother! try to collect yourself! It is I. your poor daughter Bote, that kneels before you. Do you not know ma ?"Ay, I know you well, and I know what I say. repeated toe woman, solemnly." Mother! oh, why do you talk so wildly ? It is very dreadful! But you are not well!—let i ae go for some one."bowing and smirking host into the house.Next came forth a young gentleman, whose handsome person and haughty mtuner at once at- tracted general attention. His form was tall, and finely proportioned, crowned by a haughty head and race, with high acquiline features, fair andfresh complexion, light blue eyes, and very light, flaxen hair. His expression of counteaance, in keeping with his whole manner, was stern almost to repellaat severity. Great beauty of person, with great dignity of manner, forms a combination very attractive to most young women, and perhaps it was this that fascinated the young heiress of Swinburne Castle, for this was albert Hastings, the bridegroom elect He was followed into the house by his valet, bearing his dressing-case.Colonel Hastings was immediately shown into bis private parlor, where he waa soon joined by bis son.The landlord stood bowing at the door, and waitingfororders.t " Breakfast, immediately, and the post-chaise atthe door in half an hour," was the brief order of Colonel Hastings.sculpture. He saw this goddess of the intellectual brow and stately step open tbe window and ad- vance into the room, ana as she approached him he felt his whole frame thrillLaith a strange emo- tion of blended pain and delight. He dreaded toor maiden's honor. Here, then, for a divided life; my hand to the lady of Swinburne—my heart to the lovely cottage girl : only Lady Etheridge mas never know of Rose Elmer and William Lovel. nor must Rose Elmer know Lady Etheridge and Albert" Yea, your honor. for breakfast ?"What would your honor likeworld, himself, were all changed for Ferdinand Cas- sinove. He felt, from that moment, that his fate must take its character for good or evil from the will of that rotal looking woman.Infatuated youth! Could he have foreseen the long aid terrible agony which that goddess-like being had been ordained to suffer, and "which was soon to burst upon her imperial head, he would, iu tbe ungovernable passion of his wild, Italian na- ture, have struck her dead at his feet, and gladly died for having saved her from such unspeakable woe.Who was Bhe? What was she?Be Ii£d heard that Lady Etheridge had a young friend, Mil* Dotiton, staying wan her, to act as her first attendant at the approaceing marriage. This, then, was Hiss Dornton. And who was Fer- dinand Cassinove, that he dared to occupy his thoughts with Miss Dornton? A young man of obscure origin, left to the benevolent guardianship of Colonel Hastings, who had defrayed the ex- penses of his edncation at school and college, andupon the only large room the cottage could boast. Tins room was fitted up with a simple elegance in strange contrast to its humble character. The rude walls were covered with a delicate paper of a silvery white ground, and with running roses over it- The floor was hidden under a neat carpet of a corresponding pattern. The windows, sofa. chairs and footstools were all covered aud draped"Anything that is at hand—only be quick."f /'Black tea, toast, broiled ham and eggs, andBa>• Yts yett .* anything else you like, only letus have it now," r*,?,iei tie guest, catting short the bai of fare with a 2?<* nod »iSuture.which seemed to transfix the garrWP* host and strike him dumb.The landlord bowed and disappeared, and Was soon succeeded by the head waiter, who came in and laid the cloth, and spread upon the board a substantial breakfast, to which the hungry travel-lers did ample justice.They had scarcely finished the meal before theBast caoiae was announced.The elder Hastings arose, saying—"Albert, my boy, I am sorry that etiquette doeswith white lace over pink damask. A rose- mind the treasures of literature and art, and to di- wood piano of exquisite workmanship stood rect your reading. This lovely spot shall be ourand so I promise that whatever you ask me to do, rnot admit of your waiting upon your belie mai-tresse today, or seeing her until you meet her at afterwards taken him into his family as his privatethose words with a bunting kiss.Now came the most difficult part of his under-toe church. Bat au revoir until to-morrow at twelve.""You will, at least, sir, convey my profound** regards to my fair bride, and my deepest regret that ahe cannot receive me also to-day," said Al- bert Hastings."Oh, ay, certainly; that is understood. Indeed,1 doubt her ladyship would deign to be seen even• by me, her old guardian, were it not that certaindocument*, relative to the transfer of my trust, re-quire her signature to-day. I hope you will ma- ber that Ferdinand Casbinove was of the Celtictaking, to which all this had been but a prelude- to persuade her to a clandestine marriage.nage to make yourself comfortable here for a day ana night, stake Levere see that your room is watt aired. Good-bye. Come, Casainove."And with this abrupt leave-taking the elder Hastings, attended by his secretary, left the house, and entered the post-chaise to drive to Swinburne Castle.Their way lay through the principal street of the wilton*, between long, irregular rows of antiquat- ed house*, some of them dating back many hun- dred years, while here and there a smart modern building, or a highly ornate shop, hinted that the spit it of improvement had found out even Swin- burne.The young secretary, a deniien of the city, gaaad upon Ibis ancient feudal village with strange merest,"You seem to he la a most contemplative frams ^ of mind, this morning, Cassinove,'' said Colonel"I am thinking of the changes that centuries have made hi the liviag and dying world of man, while these works of his hands, these senseless atones, remain forever the same," replied the young man gravely."Yea; the times have changed since six centu- rion ago, when the forefnhers of this village were tow bora vassals of the lords of Swinburne; when,race. Yes; he would win the world, and lay it at her feet! .In the midst of the pleasing pain of this lore dream the door opened, and the gray haired ser- vant whom Ferdinand had seen in the hall euteredsoftly, and stepping across the room to where the lady sat, and speaking in the low, subdued tone iu which royal persons are addressed, said—"My lady, Colonel Hasting's respects, and ho awaits your ladyship in the library.""Very well, WilUaaw; go and say to Colonel Hastings that I will attend him immediately," answered the lady, rising. 'This queeily woman, then, was Laura, Ba- ronets Etheridge of Swinburne ! For ever and for ever unattainable by him! Oh, despair! His cas- tle in the air tumbled all about him, aad buried all his hopes and aspirations in its fall. While still stunned by the discovery he had made, the old ser- vant approached him, and said—"You, also, sir, are wanted." and left the room to precede his lady to the library.Lady Etheridge passed on with her stately step and gracious smile, and young Cassinove follow- ed like a man in a state ot painful somnambu- lency.They crossed the great hall to the library, which waa situated on the same floor. It was a great, antique apartment, richly furnished, aud storedof Hastings Hall, Devon, and of Portman square, London, had been endowed by nature with many other good gifts besides his preeminently handsome and princely person. He had a good head, and originally a good heart; but be had been spoiled from his youth up, in being led to believe that the whole world, and all within it, had been created for bis own private use—or abuse, if he pleased. And if this aelfigh creed were not now folly credit- ed, it was, at least, thoroughly carried out iu his practice— a thing that cannot often be said of bet- ter creeds, or even better men.Albert Hastings had always been designed by his father to be the husband of the wealthy young baroness, his ward. The crifty old man had taken care not to bring the young people together iu any manner during their childhood, last they should grew up as brother and sister, without thsught of a dearer relationship. He had contested himself with secluding the youug baroness from other youthful company. He had fixed her permanent residence in the deep retirement of SwinburaeCastle, where she remained, vear after year, under the care of a distant female relative, Mrs. Moat- gomery, the widow of a clergyman.There she was attended by various deeply learned masters aid highly accomplished mistresses, all very discreet aDd elderly, who had been sent down by Colonel Hastings to carry on her education. At the age of eighteen she first met Albert Hastings. It bad been planned that she should spend a vear m making the tour of the Continent, in c o m p l y with her guardun sad his son, whose travels were delayed foiMBBVpurpose. Itwaa but a few days before the intended departure, whUe the heartof the youngbeirees was elated witb toe prospect of seeing foreignJ»untTtes that Albert Hastings was introduced fe her^ Hfa handsome person, dignifled presence, and fascinating insnaaraTmade some toi- piession upon toe imagination of the secludedyoung baroness. During their subsequent travelstings bsd written her a note, signed, aa usual, confiding in him with her whole heart He found nurse! I never knew that beforer taterruptei "W llliam Lovel," and appointed a meeting withif a Baron Etheridge coveted the possession of apoorer neighbor, he had only to uke it, and settle with fhe literature of all lands and ages, and adorn- the dstat of the other by knocking him ou the ed with the portraits of such of the old barons oiwife, aad take both herself and parent to his own home.Toil was not all that Mr. Hastings wished, butneither logic nor eloqeuce could convince or one to stay with you while I am gone."persuade Rose Elmer to desert her ailing mother; "Do aa you please as to that, only lose no tone and anon no other condition titan that of being al- on your way to the castle/said toe wwenvuma lowed to remain with bar would she consent to the tone of asperity that admitted of ae oppoaiewA «• secret marriage. And to this condition Mr. Has- her witt. „h*ai- "The glory of khabod haa departed!"' re- Swinburae as had been distinguished in toe coun-filed the elderRose hastily prepared herself for bar tang wait, and then stepped into the next door to ask » aeirt- bor to attend her mother until she shoald r-and then beat ber steps in the dhectam eftkei, musingly.cannot regret that such a dan- maible power baa passsd oatM observed toe younger. *Nb«xcaj^toatX*dyEthe- ridfe, of Swinburne, cannot all to her park thatls» f*aa» at Etaiwood, bejeaua^ toraoath. the ua- rtortrhBew that eweelt will aot sail it for any sum that a sane man would pay.cils or the battles of their nation. At a writiqg table near tbe centre sat Colonel Hastings, who arose with the stately courtesy or the olden time, and let a chair for his ward.Lady Etheridge, after greeting ber guardian cor- dially, took tbe indicated seatfhe old servant retired.Ferdinand Cassinove withdrew to a distant Go-tote window of stained glass, and stood apparentlytings at last agreed, especially as there were veryserious difficulties attending his favorite project ofsanding her into Wales, where*he and his lofty, butunlc ved bride were going to spend their honey-moon. Aad, finally, bo obtained a promise from castle. ' . Bose that she would meet him at toe cottage that The above hi all of tola story that w«be j*** same night, whore, by a previous arrangement, bis lfehtd in our columns. The contiaaslioawf «n»» c wfidential servant, disguised as a clergyman, was where it leaves off here can be found onlyin the «ew to be in attendance to perform the marriage oere- York Ledger, the great family paper, which wm mony, after which Rose should return to her be for sale on Monday at all toe stores tare aghastaproasgirtss' of their p*eeLady Etheridge must be!". *"«Jfay; I n p r a t - * - -w'Why should Lady Etheridge be so happy, dear love?' asked Albert Hastings, upon whom the words of the unconscious girl produced a painful and alarming effect. r* ^ y T w t o n r e d t t a ^ » ^ t t « ' a ^ - » « . t , studying its scriptural subjects, but realty, with''Oh, because avery one says how fortunate Mr. Hastings is to get so lovely a lady, with such vastand came full Upon ita'awawMM country road that bounded 8»toburoe Chat• oa the Mtrth. *he low stone waU oa toelr left baud did not quite "hut out the view of the charming scenery of'the chase,withitssunnyhiUs,stady *^V T^?*.^^and gtonps of sallow dear. Far as the eye could - Z*«L .,«•« »i«*n tulle sad wooded dales, the laadover the Continent, his well cultivated mind vari-states preternaTurally sharpened by the excite- ous accomplishments, aad brilliant conversational possessions. And she must bo very bappy to be mother, to remain during the few weeks of bis ab- tbe dry and country where papers are r .Id Be-wTJitoJIvtotorf^adTnStwK borne.ofSwin-«dbarlip*audleft :NEW YOBK HERALD, SATURDAY, MAY 12, I860.-move, vet. as the needle turns to the magaet, he Hastu-gs. And now to persuade Rose to go beforefelt himself turning from the reflected image to the face of the original. He stood before that'queenly form, and met thoee large, luminous, dark eyes fixed upon him in royal graciousness, as she said —"You are Colonel Hastings' secretary, I believe,sir. Pray sit down. You will find the London his drive to Swinburne Castle, Albert Hastings papers on that table." And, with a graceful bow, soon reached a cross country road, which he pur- the lady passed him, and seated hemlf on a sofa at sued for about two miles. Then, turning to the the extremity of the room, took up a portfolio, andwaeroon deeply engaged with its contents.After the profound bow with which he had re-turned her courtesy, Ferdinand Cassinove remained overhanging trees. Taking a key from his pocket motionless where she had left him. But ten min- he unlocked the little green wooden gate; and pass-utes bad elapsed since she had f tided iu anong the ing between tall, flowering shrubs, he stepped flowers,andpassed hiaulikeavision seeninsome undertheviae-shadedporch,andapplyingasecondbeautiful dream. But tea miuates, and life, the key opened the cottage door, and enteren at oncesecretary. Yet all of Italy's genius, passion and poetry smouldered is the heart of the young secre- tary,.and these were kindled into a sudden blaze by the electric spark of love.Miss Dornton! a lady of rank, and, perhaps, offortune ! Oh, If she were not already wooed andwon! Give him time, and, under tbe inspiration ofbis love for her, he would win wealth, distinction,a glorious namerasM lay them all at her feet. Iu might alarm her delicacy, and, perhaps, estrange this passion was sudden as it was ardent, remem-ment pt bis heart aad brain, compelled to hear aad powers so deeped this impression, that the youth--taaaU that passed at that Central table. ful Lady Etheridge thought she had mot toe man of..There they sat, the guardian and his ward, la men, the onlv one in toe world to whom itwaspos-9Bawr^STKa?* V*.*»"»»•.»**W«tall,spare sibletogiveherownheart:andwhoatoeaxsaetodna?safa?£. ttta| ??."fl°*' m m r k f t d contrast with avowal of love and ofler of marriage came, uaura<b.ti!?tk.*a*! 2 w"ck« •»* examining a document Eiberidge trembled at the thought of a happi *ts ntoorichforhermerits—almosttooperfectfortils ple«atiu robe i *at so well became her superb world. Albert Hastiags waa deeply enamored efThomas M. Tryniski 309 South 4th Street Fulton New York 13069able to confer so much upon him." sence in Wales, whither, he said, important busi- rne mbrr aad u k for the New York Ledger ef M»T Bose met the eye of her lover fixed upon her ness forced him. This agreed upon, they took 26. and hi it yoa will find the eontiau/«oea of toeSMM^aMSforewarning!The apartment into which young Cassinove had guidiDg star ol my life, so long as I shall live. Oh,the earliest bloom of youth. She was not techni- cally pretty. She would not have been considered so by any superficial observer; but the faces that Inspire deep and lasting passions ia great soulsCHAPTER II.THK TKA1TOU.with a grave tenderness that wsa natural to him malady?"when speaking to her. " No, sweet, I cannot It is a mere whim of oldOf'But. tay wlthalookriage/which wm to take place at Swinbume-hOTS*?! mustear.placesusinam ... mmmofme into Wales, where myself and my lady bride are to spend our honey moon."And so sayitg, Albert Hastings took his hat, and strolled out into the street Walking in an oppo- site direction to that taken by Colonel Hastings ialeft, he entered a narrow, shady lane, that led him to a small, secluded cottage, nearly hidden from sight amid climbing vines, clustering shrubs andr^eenly resting anted, with an ex-Bwinburne, with its vast dependence, to an alien. small and elegantly tarnad. A atoala straw "An alien! Do yon call my husband aa alien? bonnet shade? her sweet face, a ptoln drees ofof these cottage, that Bose Bmer paused,1-^J^J^^f ^ ! ntoacanfoaa 1had been alreadysance. A coarse carpet covered thecheap mnrtto vofledJU only wladaw. A lamJiunting her eyes. • . iV Behind the castle arose the thick, impenetrable *«• But I repeat, I do not know that you have theHastings, with a view of discouraging her wish to 866 it-amoulderJng fhe in the grate, aaeV would have passed without awoods bordering the open chase; before it lay a smiling landscape, diversified by parterres of flow- ers, groves of beautiful trees, and a small, clear lake, shaded by overhanging willows, and adorned by a flock of graceful white swans.An exclamation of delight broke from the lips of Casetaore as his eyes fell upon this scene of ex- ceeding beauty, now lighted up as it was by the glorious sun of June.They drew up before the central transept that connected the two long wings of the castle.Two. grooms in waiting without immediately came forward to attend Colonel Hastings, who alighted, followed by his secretary. One of the grooms dismissed the poet-chaise, while thp other knocked at the door, which was immediately opened by a footman in the gray and white livery of Lady Etheridge of Swinburne."Show me into the library, Wflliams, and let her ladyship know that I await her eoavenieace. Cas- sinove, my good fellow, sou can stay here, I sup- pose, until y*u are wanted," said Colonel Hastings,richt to transfer this estate, even to your husband, demurred Colonel Hastings, who. however, did not tit mieallj unwilling to accept toe sacrifice."^nd Irepest I have the right. The estate ia not entailed."" Lady Etheridge, I spoke not of legal but of mo- ral and social tight Bethink yon; it is a vast aad ancient estate, with a historical name and fame, transmitted to you by a long line ol ancestors."" I tell you,Colonel Hastings,that, aaclent andvast as it is, with the historical celebrity that it boasts,"Oh, but for me it bus the strongest attractions."Then yon have seen the baroness?" inquired Hastings, uneasily. - _ _ « , *was tell, aad must once havebut'now it was worn fain, almost to sfcsuuu meagrenese. Her festures were nobly chtsehwi, and might once have been grandly beautiful, but now they wore awaken and emaciated aa those of death. Under her broad and prominent fort head and heavy Mack eyebrows shone a pair af large dark gray eyes, that burned fiercely with the area of fever or of frenxy. Her jet black her. slightly st c eaked with silver, waa halt covered with a red handkerchief, tied beneath bar ohm, aadrtiy ratten in elf locks down one stoa of her face, rusty black gown and shawl completed her dress.As the door opened, admitting Rosa, ahe tarnad Juickly ia her chair, fixing bar eyes with a look aterce inquiry upon the intruder."Bow are you now, mother dear? I hope youfeel ia better spirits?" aaid Boat, laying a t her bonnet, and coming to the woman's side." Better. Where have you been? I have yon.""1 have been taking a walk through toe woods, dear mother; and see, here are some wild straw- berries I picked for you on my return. Witt you oat them?" said Rove, offering her little basket"No; I want none of them. You care little for me."" Mother, don't aay that Yon do not know haw much I lore yon."" Hush, girl, you bave Utile cause—oh.'"Aad the woman tnddenl* struck her band open her heart, dropped her head npon her breast, aad seemed convulsed by some great agony. Her aaa- tures worked frightfully, her frame shuddered."Mother! mother! what at the matter?" as- claimed Rose, throwing her arms around aha w e a a a in great alarm."It is—past," gasped the woman, breathing with great difficulty."What was It, dear r" A spasm. It is gone."" Oh, mother, will it return ?"" Perhaps."" Let me run for a neighbor, or the doctor."" Hey, you must run somewhere else. To-mor-row, Laura, Lady Etheridge of Swineburne weds with Albert Heatings, of Hastiags H a l . It is ae,"He ia not of your Wood.""He is more. He is of my heart, and soul,, and spit it, as I am of his. Oh IColonel Hastiags! there can be no question of mine and thine between me and albert The deed of gift that transfers »U my possessions to my future husband is made out; let ft be executed. He shill then never be jealous of his wife's riches, for she will come to him; as poor as a cottage girl," exclaimed Lady Etheridge, with a pure devotion of love flushing her cheek andcheap blue gingham fitted perfectly her f « l t l e » figure, aad a white muslin mantle was worn with simple grace. Her voice waa soft and low, her manner quiet and self-possessed. Altogether, her appearance, despite her bumble garb and menial office, was faultlessly ladylike.Ber beauty fascinated Albert Hastings. He se-cretly discovered her dwelling—a poor cottage ina narrow unsightly street of toe village-and hemade an excuse to call there and settte his laun-dress' bill. This was the commencement of theiracquaintance. Afterwards he contrived frequentlyto meet Rote in her daily errands through the vil-lage, and when no eye was near to spy his motions,he would join her in her walks. He found her 1 do not kL^w the reason,but I bave al wave felt the mind as lovely as ber person, and in toe course of verj ueepest veneration for ancient buildings and a few days he, toe affianced husband of the high-born Lady Etheridge, of Swinburne, found himselfdeeply, passionately in lore with the bumble RoseElmer, the daughter of the village Uundresa. He the hut c>fa long, long tine of ancestors, the last even sometimes dreamed of the possibility of and sole representative of the ancient barony, I feel foregoing his splendid alliance with the heir- almost a superstitious veneration."ess of Swinburne Castle, and of making"Ob, no; no more than I have seen too castle. It is very strange, but my mother seems to have a perfect horror of the castle aad all connected withhanded down to me bv a long hue of illustrionsbarons, as it has been* I, the last Baroness Ethe- Rose Elmer his wife; but the spirit orridge of Bwinburne, value all this not one straw, ambition was too strong within him. As except as I may bestow It upon my husband," re- usual with men, he deceived himself as to his mo-plied tbe lady, every feature of her eloquent face tive, and said that s eense of honor prevented himbeaming witb tbe truth and fervor of her words. from breaking with liady Etheridge,'though, i t Bhe never can bear to hear the family men-i.ady Etheridge, are you resolved upon this trans- strangely enough, that sense of honor did not hin- tioned. She never would permit me to walk inder him "from seeking the love of a pfoor village maiden. Day by day bis passion for the Sweet Rose grew. Kvery hour not spent in the society of his vromised bride was devoted to her. At last, fearing discovery, no less for himself than for toeYoung Cassinove started. He had heard all thai maiden, whom his false love imperilled, he eastthat direction. And when toe young baroness passed through Swinburne on her way to Bristol, to embark for the Continent, and all the village turned out to see her, my mother pulled me into tbe house, shut tbe door, and mil into a chair, pale as ashes, aud trembling ia every limb.""It was something else that had affected her, probably.""No; it was the sight of toe young baroness, I am Bure. It waa tbe same when Lady Etheridge re- turned from the Continent Bhe shut up the house, and would not see her pa«s by; and she took me in her arms, and cried over me as though her heart would break.""A strange eccentricity at moat, dear love—a symptom of nervousness, perhaps. Do not let it disturb you. Besides, it must be leaving her, since now the takes work from toe castle.""Ob, but she did not know it was from the castle. A footman out of livery brought the bas- ket, and asked if the work could be done by Tues- day night, and said that he would call for it then. It was only in counting the linen that my mother found it out. She did the work, sir, but she has been ill ever since. She cannot bear to hear aferV"" Immutably.""Then jou must have your will.. Cassinove,HawAaathe idlers,and issuing forth in person to receive the descended among the flowers. Her form was | Colonel HabtiDgs bad scarcely left the room era "It is the bower of rows love, and you are the even alluded to; and hew to Introduce to thai pure-in the way!" exclaimed the landlord, dispersinginterview,was not vet accomplished, was not yet above the medium height, and well rounded; her 1 Mr. Albert Hastings arose, stretched himself with a loveliest rose of all. I shall call this cottage after hearted girl was a difficulty that perplexed evenFust cause from the interior of the coach an head was finely formed, and covered with a profu- j weary yawn, and began to pace thoughtfully up yon."his diplomatic powers. On the morrow ho was tolead the Lady Etheridge of Swinburne to the altar,and, after the marriage ceremony, he was to departwitb bis bride to spend the honeymoon at his seatin Wales—a newly purchased property. But theana whiskers prematurely gray. He was closely and massive knot at tbe back of the head. Her ' and, doubtless, an unusual number of good gifts going to her side.attended by a young man, whose Roman features, eyes were large, luminous, dark gray orbs, thatolive complexion, jet black hiir and deep dark seemed, whenever the long veil of lashes was have been bestowed npon me by the favor of theores, bespoke him of the Celtic race, while his lifted, to thtow a light wherever they glanced. blind goddess- not the least among them would beplain dress and subordinate position could not dis- Her nose was straight and well formed, her lipsguise the grace and dignity of his air and manner. rounded, and. like the rest, lull of character, in j esteemed the hand of this wealthy young baroness,jesty that, even iu a peasant's dress would have ' mer onlv should be the wife of Albert Hastings. and of such little worth, and so helpless that I canUk this last he was sued a contrast to his employer, the carriage of her head and neck, and in her , my bride expectant Well, we cannot have every- that he might have been taken for a priice of the stately footsteps, there was a certain natural ma- thing we want in this world, else sweet Rose Ea-that in his absence some accident of fortune might muring—deprive him of bar, waa intolerable. He knew, " Fair face, delicate features, complexion pure asblood, attended by an old gentleman in waiting."I aay, Brvdiug, yon'a old Bastings and his secre- tary. I've seen un before doon here," aaid the oldwsa made to believe herself his wife. His ob- clear as those of infancy; hands small aad elegant. ject now was to silence her scruples, and secure I have not let poverty spoil your beauty, have I, myher to himself by a false marriage, in which his child?"on one side of the room; a chiffonier of the study, and you shall meat me here daily, while I same material, with a small but choice collection remain in the neighborhood. Will you do this,dence in me, by placing your future happiness in my care. In a word, will you be my wife?"" Yes; you must go for some one. Yon mast ge to the castle this afternoon," said the woman, is the same tone of deep gravity.of books, stood on the opposite aide. Upon arosewood table in the centre lay several richlybound folios ot rare and valuable prints. Over thechimney-piece hung a mirror that gave back the Ob, yes Mr. Loveu. You almost distress me withreflection of the whole pretty room, which was ia kindness. But I have always heard that the noble worthy of mine! Yet yon will be mine own. An- " Yes, you most go to toe castle: aad, when retall respects fitted up as a lady's boudoir.This lonely cottage had been rented and fur- nished by Albert Hastings as a trystlng place forand good draw their highest happiness from deeds of beneficence. How nappy, then, must you be! Yes, Mr. Lovel, I will come/ she murmured, in low and gentle tones, blushing at her own temerity inget there, ask to see her who calls herself Lear fctheridge."" The baroness! Dear mother, why do yew thoughts so run upon the baroness? What is aae "Mine own!" exclaimed Albert Hustings, sealing to ue> Besides, ia it likely that she wffl see me, a poor girl, a perfect stranger, this day of all others,when she sees no one ?""Hush, Rose! and for once obey one whom youhis love. The whole air of the room was couleur saying so much.de r-ose. He called it "The Bower of Roses." It And thus it was arranged. And daily, while hewas, indeed, tbe bower of one peerless rose. Here continued to toe neighborhood, they mat at the he had been accustomed, duriug his visits to the cottage in toe wood. Rose Elmer proved an apt neighborhood of his affianced bride, to meet the scholar. Bhe bad already toe solid foundation of a Rose of his secret thoughts.* But here, also, let it good common education. Albert Hastings intro-honor, upon him, and silently placed her hand in his.be clearly understood, he had respected the honor of the humble maiden—not. upon any good prim• i- le, perhaps; but, loving her with all the power ofduced her to the world of poetry, belles Iettres, and art. When be left the neighborhood he had left her a duplicate key of the cottage, that ahe might ad-is selfish heart, ond resolved upon making her hfe own forever, he abstained from any freedom thather heart.Albert Hastings, the only son of Colonel Hastiags,had kept their meetings, a secret sides, handsome, fascinating, and in love; and she Magdalene Elmer "Untitled Documentsweet Rose?"" To educate myself to be mere worthy of you?Rose Elmer flushed crimson.tion of her mother's custom from the castle laundry had aot left i t What if, through that channel of communication, Rose Elmer should learn his real name and position?With some hesitation he touched the subject. 'The custom of the castle will be a great help to j our good mother. Bat I hope ,dear Rose, yonttwas before one of the„mmdo not go on errands to and from toe castle. It is bedstead, with faded curtains, stood ia the *—*.-—much too far for you." ."Oh, no; I have never even seen the castle orcorner. Oppojdta tab, stood a utaaJeT ^ ^ corner was filled up with a staircasecloset under It; and the fourth cornerwttita cupboard, through the gtaai Ithe chase, although I have so much desired to do so.""Indeed; bat yon have not lost much, dear. Anold Norman castle, and the ruins of a n old Saxonkeep, bave few attractions for youth," sud Albert in an old arm chair, sat aold families, and most especially for this old feudal oastle, and too noble race that have owned it for to many centuries. And for this young baroness,"Oh! because you are so much too good to me, Mr. Lovel. And I do not know hnow how it Is, but your very kindness to me depresses my sprits dreadfully"by a thousand tests of character, that this lovely the inside of a conch-shell, white, and flashed with "I do not know, nolens it is that I am so lowly* girl would never become his own, unless she red; hair like fine yellow silk, and eyes blue aad"But w"hyshould that be, mine own?"thought of parting, even for so short a time, withtoe idol of bis heart, was insupportable. The fear hands, and gazed upon it wistfully, critically, mur-I will do. '"I ask you then, fair Rose, to prove your confi-"Oh, that I were worthy to bo so!" ahe whis- pered." To the castle: 1, mother!" exclaimed Rosa, iu surprise."Ycu are worthy of a monarch's love. Tooswer, sweet girl."She turned her eyes, full of grateful love andhave so long looked upon as your mother. It will It would be tedious to repeat all the arguments beHLe last time I will ask you to do so. Demand be used to reconcile ber to this measure. It is to be admitted in the presence of toe baronets. enough to say that he waa a man of society, gifted Bay that you bave come upon a matter of life sat with powers of logic aad eloquence that might death, that nearly concerns her ladyship: insist,sna1 mit herself when she pleased, only exacting from bave swayed the councils of a nation, to say no- aha will not venture to refuse you. When yo« her that she should keep her visits thither, aa she thing of the mind of a young girlf He was, be- stand before Lady Etheridge, aay that her old aerse,Before coming down on this last visit, Mr. Has- was a simple village girl, loving, esteeming, and "Her nurse, mother! Yon Lsdy Etheridge jher at the cottage. And now he had come to keep the task easier than he could have hoped. Her'a Roee, in surprise.the try st, and he sat in the easy chair, impatiently was the perfect love which "casteth out rear," that "There are many things that you never knew, consulting his watch and glancing at the window. "thinketh no evil." Indeed, ahe advanced but one my child. But attend! Say to toe baroness thatAt length a rustling was heard in the shrubbery;a white robed figure passed toe window and liftedthe latch of toe door, and the next instant RoseElmer stood within toe room." Dear Rose! sweet Rose! do I see yon again at vide for her support- in her old age. Her marriagewith himself would effectually do this."Then she pleaded bard that this mother should be at once admitted into their confieenoa. Tender- ly, but obstinately, he refused this, telling her that " Ycu got my letter, dear girt. It appointed ten their secret would not be safe in toe keeping of a o'clock as our hour of meeting. It is now after sick and nervous woman, whose reason, from all eleven. You are late." tost he could hear of her, waa evidently tottering; " Oh, yes; I could not avoid it. My poor mother and that if that secret should be discovered, his is ailing, and we have an accession of work." proud uncle would not only disinherit him, aad " What has my lovely Hose to do with work ? It withdraw his powerful protection from him, but would even turn his political influence against him."Child, bear my words, but do not judge aVraV Say to Lady Etheridge that Magdalene Elmer, bar dying nurse, prays—nay, demands—to see her ttus night! Tell her that ljiave a aaaaaatiea to mate that ahe must hear tonight, or never! Conjure aer by all she holds dear on earth! by all her nopes of Heaven! by all her fears of hell! to come t) me to- night! Tell her if she would escape the hoariest curse that could darken a woman's life, to cone to me to night! to come to me at once! There; get on your bonnet and gel"last? It Beema an age bince I saw you!" exclaimed Albeit Hastings, rising and meeting her."It is two long weeks,Mr. Lovel,but I hare tried to improve them," replied Rose, blushing.should not have prevented her keeping an appoint- ment with me.""Ah,no,Mr. Lovel; but this waa a particular occasion, you know. There are visitors staying at the castle, in anticipation of the wedding tomor- row. There was more work than the lanndrymaids could manage, and so a largo quantity of linen was sent to my mother, with orders that it should he returned to tbe castle tola evening, for to-morrow toe wedding is to come off. You are not of our neighborhood, or yon would understand what a great event that ia to us. Our lady, Lsdy Ethe- ridge, of Swinburne, is about to be married to Al- ^ ^ S ? 1 1 * ? ? Wt«« «»d beir of CoL Hastings,Then Rose ceased to resist, only stipulating that "Mother " after their marriage ahe should still remaih with "Go!"are wandering! *» "Ob! indeed I fear her wits taought Rjse.iadn-with ardent admiration, aad ahe oaddenly recol- lee u d herself, paused, and bloaheu deeply; for often, with bar, a generous gush or feeling was in- terrupted by a sudden flush of bashfulnesa thatleave of each other for a few hours, Mr. Haatinga story frcm where it leaves of bora.in parting:— The Ledger is mailed to subscriber t at 12 t yest,KteB0all her beautiful thoughts unspoken.Farewell for toe last time, Rose Elmer; when or two cipi(s fir IS. Addreaa your letters to next we part I shall any, 'Farewell, Rose Lovel, Babrit&onner, publisher. tG Pat>* Raw .New York. myown sweet wtfcP w Itfc»the handsomest and best 'family paperisttteThey returned to the village by different route*. country, elegantly Hlnttrated, sod oaaractertsei by Mr. Haatinga weat to am inn, and summoned his ( a high moral tone.c B 0 d ?? *^^ ^ ***••"You would aay, tweet Bote, that th s youngobjection to toe secret marriage—her duty to her mother. But this very argument he immediately seized and used on his own side.Magdalene Elmer is dying!"Dying! Oh, mother, do not say so! it is verycruelif! Yoiu are not sick ia bed—you"Her duty to her mother," he aaid, "was to pro- up! You are not old either, but have many Maw of life before you!"her mother, who needed her services, until Mr.Lovel should be ready to acknowledge her as his is not safe to leave ber alone!'•tts:a little store of earthenware tooae.Thaaa * ^a u r atrees."Rose, will yon obey m e r "Mother,yes,certainly; but let me www.fultonhistory.com 