 Kefcel Commisgiocers in Washington. THEYDICTATEA* ULTIMATUM.le Waitoto fii?cUpFort Sumter. CHAJUUBflTOir, Friday, D e c S 8 , I860.and prepare for the worst.Another statement, which seems to be truthful,2 every person residing In South Carolina at the tune of itsRecession from the United States, whether a born resident or a naturalized citizen, shall continue until deathacitizenofSouthCarolina,unlessaforeignresi- dence be established, or notice of intention be given of expatriation; also, that alllree whites born within the territory of the State, or those born outside the territory whose /father w a s then a citizen, /shall be deemed citizens; also, persons from a n y o n e o f the movementwasinconsequenceofanyorderis-. UnitedStates^who,withintwelvemonthsfromthe recessionofthisState, shallresidewithinitsterritory, withtheintentionofremaining,shall,upontakingthe oath o f allegiance, h e declared citizens; also, that citizens of other States coming here after the expira- tion of a year from the date of secession, and actually residing seven months, w i t h the intention of remaining, thallbecomedozensupontakingtheoathofallegi- ance; also, all free whites entering the military,naval, or civil service of the State, shall becoae citizens upoawas difficult to suppress a cheer, but I did, for some yearB past, and the number of volunteer com- upcountry boat, the Cora Anderson, as she wan pass-modore SpauldingStrong efforts a r efrhn for burningMoultrie, a s a destruction o f public property, b u t they dare not. The plunderers are growingaids of the Federal Government have diverted thattrade to the Eastern ports, and imposed upon it theburden of a more expensive transportation to thoseports. It will be' the aim of the new policy of theSouth to abolish these interferences and obstacles, andtomaketradeasfreeasthecurrentoftheMiosissippL thattheywouldbesustainedinabruptlybreakingoff If our Western friends cannot perceive the operation negotiations with a faithless Government. afternoon,directed•Galveston. Texas. Wehaveno andadvantagesofthischange,theyhavefarlees MOREOFIT.—Itisunderstood.thatGov.Brownof doubt the remaining arms will be shipped from time to shrewdness and sagacity than w e have given them Georgia has solicited from Floyd, the Secretary ofi.. - •The Commissioners from South Carolina are insure a speedy organization for a permanent protec- ward things higher, than the" distracting councils orders far ahead of their »nility to supply, Tte> Gov- tion of our rights. Texas and Arkansas were at last ernment has ordered all the United States troops to theobeyed i t s Delphic orders. being made t o court-martial t h e gun-carriages a t Fortjust to place the guns within their grasp \Although we had been assured that no shipment of small arms was designed, three dray loads of thirty heavy boxes, whieh the draymen informed us con- tainedmuskets andbayonets,werehauledfromthe Arsenal to the steamer Key West, late on Wednesdaysovereignty of their State, and that, too, in defiance of solemn pledges, they could appeal to the people of the South fearless of consequences, and with the certaintycareful of dimes, after stealing millions.The troops at Charleston are tobe withdrawn, uponthepretextthattheirpresencefurnishes cause o f irritation, and may lead to bloodshed! This policy will probably b e pursued i n whatever States may secede; for the Southern managershave long since announced, openly, that they wouldboinpossessionofalltheSouthernforts before the 4th of March. They knew Mr. Buchananwasintheirpower,andcouldbeor- dered a t will. H i s complicity with this treason-able plot ia no longer even disguised. H e de- clared, on several occasions, last Winter, that he would be the last President of the United States,andiastrivingtofulfillthatprediction. Buthe will fail, as other traitors have done before him. Mr, Hardee, recentlyaclerk intheDepart- ment of the Interior, started for South Carolinathe formation o f a n e w confederacy,. unless BUCQ seizure,intheopinionof thesecedingState,be essential to her safety.The general idea from the violent manifestations at the meeting is,that Virginia will secede before the4thofMarch. HadtheCommitteereportedcal action, will not long be held back. There is adeterminationonthepartofthisarmedmulti- tude to have a fight/ With them secession has that practical significance! Though no states, men, they conclude that secession is revolution- andrevolutionwar..Inthat,waytheyargue themselves into a fight, a n d i f they don't have i t there will b e a second rebellion. T h e leaders are not masters of these men. The fact iB quite the.time, until, on the South, seceding, she will have all thearmsandtheNationalGovernmentnone!There are large amounts of cannon, arms and ammu- nition at Baton Rouge and St. Louis, and there can be no excuee or honest reason, for robbing this part of the Union of all means of defense.•credit for.MINOR ITEMS.POLICIES IN FORT MooLTRiE—AcTioN OF A N E W -YORK LIFE INSURANCE COMFANY.—An officer at Fort Moultrie, having a policy of insurance in one of our leading life insurance companies, wrote to the com- panyonthe22dinst., statingtheprobabilitythatthe fort would soon be attacfied, and the certainty that u it wouldbedefendedtothelastextremity,"andinquir- ing what wouldbe theeffect upon his policyif heWar. and obtained a year's leave of absence for CoL Hardee,lateCommandantatWestPoint,togoto Europe to purchase guns and munitions of. war for the State of Georgia.THE ALMANAC OF SECESSION.—The States whieh are expected to follow South Carolina's example will hold their Conventions on the. following days:this evening, withaionexs, after their conference with the Presidentto-day, covering assurances wouldbewithdrawn.that t h eAdministration of honor, honesty, or patriotism—for AK ORDINANCE TO MAKE PROVISIONAL POSTALAR- ourNorthernpeoplehasasuperstitiousreverenceforcharges, and call for immediate explanation.IMissouri Democrat, Doc. 22,dispatchesfrom t h eLater,—Mr. Bigler a n d other friendso f t h eRANGEMKNTS IN SOUTH CAROLINA,Whereas, TheStateofSouthCarolinaowesittoher owncitizens,andtothoseofotherStates,that,asone ofthe.contractingparties,'sheshouldnotpreventor interrupttheperformanceofthependingcontractsfor carrying and delivering of the mails made by the Uni- ted States while South Carolina was one of said States: We,theStateofSouthCarolina, in Conventionas- sembled, do declare and ordain, and it is hereby de- clared and ordained, that -the existing postal contracts and arrangements shall be continued, and the persons charged with the duties thereof shall continue to dis- charge said duties until a postal treaty or treaties shall be concluded, or until otherwise ordered by this Con-vention. . 'The Convention spends much of its time in secret session, where, it is understood, consider-able disagreement exists, * To-day the body is to meet at 12 m., when itlaw and order which will not allow them to thwart treason,unlessbyduecourse of law,when in their power. Themeetingto-daywillproveamere "safety-valve"forsurplusgas,andto-daythestealing ofthepublicdefenseswillgoonundertheorderof thote cut-purses of the Republic who have already'* robbed the Exchequer !" Thosewhohaveengagedinthework willhavethesatisfaction of knowing that every dollar thus earned, its stained with the blood of some soldier shot down by these arms in defending the national flag.The Committee on the subject have received nothing frcm Washington—not even an acknowledgment that their earnest remonstrances had arrived.From The PitUburgh Gazette, Det;. 26.THE REMOVAL OF THE OANNON.—The removal of the cannon from t h e Arsenal to the wharf w e learn will take place to-day, unless the order be counter-—MM^M1lr^»•|l•-r^1V'yT>»?t^v••v>^i:,^^^:M ...^.•s,J^».|||||||lt|||(|1JJ^* n a wxnmro^agT W A V B R C T G dent t o inform them whether Major Anderson'sbide from the people the fact that they are in danger. They have been betrayed bytheir Government into the hands of their enemies. There is a well settledinterested him, and b e inquired of; t h e captain con- cerning her. He was. informed that she was a slave oelonging to a man on. board, whom theThe Palmetto flag waa raised early yesterday bility. The Commissioners then requested the afierneon «rex theCuatom-Houae andPoet- PresidenttoremandMajorAndersontoFortdentialatonce. "That'stheflag,Sir,andit doesnotsupplythelackatonce. won't be long before our boys pull that onetoelicitanswersnotalwaysagreeingwahprevioas Btatements, and evidently alarming him. This was suspicious.. The little girl was taken aside and exam- ined. She said shewas an orphan, aad had been takenMoultrie; but on this point there was no conclu- A t 5 o'clock last evening t h e Palmetto flag sion when t h e Cabinet adjourned. .Ofliee, ,.TO SEIZE THE KEY WEST FORTS AND G E T I . - THE SALVAGE.Pinckney andFort Moultrie were held by about by a regular andprotracted seige, thus avoiding twelvemen,whopeaceablysurrendered. There animmediatecollision.was no collision. None was anticipated when theingandunitingin an address to Gov.Hicks, again urginghimtoconvenetheLegislature. Itisunder- stoodthatiftheGovernorrefuses,thePresidentofthetroops left t h e city t o garrison excitement is subsiding.thesefort*. T h eWASHINGTON, Friday,Dec.28—p.m.Thereisaterribleexcitementinthiscitywith SenateandSpeakeroftheHousewilleventually,uniteSftNhl Mapateh to The K. Y . T r t a m .W ASHINGTON, Friday* D e c 28, 1860.have reafly commenced.I am sorry to have to announce that the Pres-' S> ' 'FLOBJDDA.CHARLESTON, Friday, Dec. 28, 1860.Advices from Jacksonville, Florida, dated the 24th inst., show that four-fifths of the delegates elected to the State Convention will go for immediate seceesian.•:' s>: ••TENNESSEE. \INTERESTING FROMWASHINGTON.The question of the South Carolina Forts beingsettled., attention is now directed to the other is said to be in favor of withdraicing the UnitedTHE PRESIDENT'S TRAITOROUS CoMFLitrTT.-—Theinstructions to Major Anderson were clear and explicit.He was not to act, except on the defensive. He hadno right to remove his garrison or change bis position upper stratais called " Conchis," after the shell of that unless attacked, and if he has done so, he lias disobeyedSouthern Forts, all of which are in a totally de- fenseless position from Norfolk t o t h e Balire. With proper garrisons they compose a line of defense of almost unequalled strength. Many of the fortifications, like those at Key West, the Tcrtugas, at Pensacola, and at the mouth of the Mississippi, are among the strongest in the world. But there is not a garrison in oneof them, and, so far as can be ascertained, no steps are being taken to furnish any. It looksasthoughitwastheintentionoftheAdministra- tion t o voluntarily surrender every o n e that lies within a seceeding State.Fort Sumter has been saved, it is fully believed here, solely by Maj. Anderson acting on has own responsibility, and in opposition to. theSociety in Key West is divided into two classes—thepolicy of the President. " %»rtiJ Dlsyusa H>Th» H. Y . TrTtmne.J. 8. P.•'i»•'•"-FROU SOUTH CAROLINA.O w O w aWASHINGTON, Friday, Dec 28, 1860. The taking of Fort Moultrie and Castle Pinck- ney by the populace of Charleston, confirms the haoited intelligence received here last night, after the wires were in possession of the Secession- ists. They were not defeuded, and therefore thecapturewasacheapexhibitionofchivalry. Major Anderson's standing order* directed him to hold the forts, to act strictly on the defen- sive, and to transfer his command from Fort Moultrie to Fort Sumter, if in danger or at-FionaCorrespondent. CHARLESTON,South largely consume, it will be to our interest to in- vite and encourage the free importation of Western Ereduce into eur ports. To enable our Western neigh-Commis- troopsPresidentcalledattheWhiteHouse,duringtheCabinetCouncilthisevening,toprotest earnest- otherCottonStates. TheotherthirdisdividedintolyagainstthewithdrawalofMaj.Anderson** thosewhorequirethecooperationofamajority,andof those that require all the Slave States. Eight coun-command from Charleston. They were not ad- tiesaretobeheardfrom,entitledtofourteendelegates.mitted, but communicated the object of theirriait through Secretary Black, w h o w a s called from Charleston.out for that purpose.These remonstrances mayahere could be no doubtof the eagerness of the faithful New-Yoikers to meet the wishes of the new independ- ent sovereignty. The agent in due time made his ap- pearance, it is said, at the office of Mr. Belmont, a banker of well-known Southern proclivitiesand liberal disposition, but that gentleman, after turning over the documents carelessly, said that he did not consider them worth the paper on which they were written. At the same time he kindly informed the Palmettoorders to defend his position. The principle of aclf- preeervation required the occupation..of Fort Sumter, which entirely commanded Fort Moultrie, a n d if Major Anderson had not taken possession of it, he would have been placed at the mercy of the South Carolina diHunionists, whose intention it was to have thrown a sufficient force in it to force bis surrender, er insure his destruction. Immediately after this meet-. ing, a Cabinet council was convened, but nothing was done.. Mr.Buchanan'sadviseraexoneratedeachother from, all blame for the consequences which, might fol- low, and united in the conclusion that. Major Anderson and Gen. Scott had determined to act for the Union,possiblydent'sjnanagers will control the course of the Ad- ministration ultimately b y operating o n h i s fears for his own personal safety.0p«cia) Pispstcb t o The Commercial AArrsriiattz.A LETTER FROM GEN. WOOL.A L B A * * , Friday, Dec. 28,1860.The Troy Arena, thi. morning, publishes a letter from Gen. Wool, stating that the Watervliet Arsenal is exclusively under the jurisdiction of-the' Secretary of War, and that, on the 9th of the present month, ten thousand muskets were sold by the order of Secretary Floyd toS.B. Lamar ofSavannah, Ga.,andwereproduce vacillatingsome effectpurpose, b u t t h e secessionupon t h ePresirWASHINGTON, Friday, Dec.28, 1860.The Secessionist* here profess to have received ehipppd from the Arsetialam the 14th inst. The pricenumber of our leading citizens without regard to party, will probably adjourn to participate in the Christ- to convene at the Court-House this afternoon at ii masfestivities, which,evenat this earlyhour, o'clock,forthepurposeoftakingthematterintocon- .sideiation. From the feeling exhibited by our peopleiuformatioa that the people of South Carolina have gotjossession of Forts Moultrie and Pinck- ney, and cf the Arsenal at Charleston. Y ou are aware, however, that the Arsenal, at Charleston has been guarded by South Carolina militia for some time, and their possession of the forts named, Talueless though it would be, I join with manyindoubting.Some of the ihwnrgents have also sent on a dwpatchdemandingthatMajorAndersonshallbe laumhated by being reprimanded ar-d sent back to Fort Moultrie, which does ««t agree with the report that Fort Moultrie is in their possession.waatwodollarsandahalfforeachmusket. .Theguncarriages at the Arsenal,designed for theX^Uaburgh guns, have not yet been removed.SOUTH CAROLINA CONVENTION.' CHARLESTON, Friday, Dec. 28,-1860.An ordinanc*, entitled " A n Ordinance to amend the Constitution of Bo«thr Carolina in respect to the ExecutiveDepartment,''waapassedinthesecretses- eionoftheConventionyesterday. "It provides as follows:k i r*t: That & * Governor tove poirer to receive 15int>MM4orn,memberofthefirmreceivedhimcordially,listenedto andnotforthePresidentunderwhoseordersthelawshis tale, andreplied that at present they were disin- of the country placed them. . The treatment of this clinedtodoanythingof thesort; but that probably insubordination,inthepresentstateofthe country,isthe "compliments of the season" from friends, sider their determination to remove the guns. Their is further told how that agent shook off the dust of his Anderson. If this should be done, i learn that Gen. and more than friends, a t home. , , ' removal would not be prudent in the present excited shoes against Wall street, muttered a few more baths •Scott will immediately resign his official petition, and One feels himself an alien indeed here: not condition of the public mind. The people have lost all against the Yankees, and departed for Washington to -offer his services to his country. Should an attempt be^i^tfriiiiiiiBijiii^jJij^i^^gj,,!!^,)^',,^^-^,,!«liITGovernmenthighlyimprobable. **U*A«»od»*adPresaCExecutiveCooncU,MwhosedutyHshallbetoadvisewithMOB. mebutthatoftreasonto theConstitutionand denonetobemadewfflhMt«,towaitsemenmebefore AllotKgationBofsecrecyinregardtotheabove thecountry,noflaganywherethatdoesnotemblem hisordercanWfilled.^TM^^^^'.'"'-''.';"4^;J,therefore;asGovernor dHdCommanitr-i^CfAefinandovertheStateof',SouthCafolinf,byvirtuetf.vociferously applauded.fortifications, or to capture themby, the citizens, pend-the announcement that Mr. Botts was not present.Resolutions wereadopted approvingofacaUMaking a total of 1,376,870 lb, or nearly 688£ tuns in all.gallant band.MONTGOMERY, Thursday,Dec.27,1860.fact that two citizens of Lawrenceville state three.drayloadsofboxes,marked"Galveston,Texas,"left- shouldfall. Hewaspromptlyanswered,thatalthough•^^.---.i-,'* ;v,i.'*.)»»*vfi*£$&•**^jj(»«^i^Wi**«<iV*M»^^ SKW w*«*maim *M«..*v f m T^iJ8:<rt'f':»f5;'>:ntfce General'Convention SJBwere in the present Con- tcitkdrawn immediately, or this shall be their last gress, ar.d was in favor of the adoption of. articles of—*TO lEBELff FLAGWBKKAW0MI,BUILDINGS interview, and they will return to South Carolina confederation for a Proviabbal Government. *where orders of recall cannot reach them under a upon the stars and stripes with which the true month's time. All these facts demonstrate that while men at Fort Moultrie every morning salute the the South is fully armed and ready for war, the Northrising sun. It was there—but no where else. It is defenseless. .The military spirit, besides, has not been active foris that the South Carolina Commissionere, in view of the alleged stipulation on the part of the PresidentthatthegarrisonsofCharlestonHar- bor should not be augmented nor the military status of the postB changed, requested the Presi-well I knew that any indulgence in the luxury panies is smaller than it was. The number of arms ining Greenville, Miss., whither be had gone on business,8ued1>y himorfrom theWarDepartment. The President responded negatively, a n d added that Major Anderson had acted on his own responsi-starsandstripes,assoonasitgets.outsidethe purposeonthepartoftheSouthernhot-headstotake captainpointedout,whosaidhewaatakingharbor, or else run the risk of a capture as a possession of Washington City, and prevent the inaug- her to New-Orleans to sell her, he having boughtpirate, *«My friend, that is a glorious flag, and urationofLincoln. When that conspiracy develops herfor$160inNorth-WesternMissouri,ontheborders. itself, as it will, in what position will the North be to. Our Natchez friend eyed the little girl and" the borderbeats entirely that striped thing that holds out jesist orpreventit? Can she do it in her present un- man so closely as to attract the attention of the latter,yetdownatthefort." Thefellowwas confi- armedcondition? Shehasnumbers;butshehasnot withwhomhewassoonengaged,inoonversationcon- theweapons,andshewillbefalsetoherselfifshe cernmgthechild,interrogatinghiminsuch,mannerasThe sourceabove statement w a s ' obtained froma i staking the oath of allegiance...•• '. SJ..yonder down and trample it under their feet. I tmust come down, our boys aire bound to do it, ' The following is an extract from a private letter re- from an asylum in New-York by this man; that her and that, too, before many days go by. It's all ceived by a gentlemanof this'city, lrom a friend at bair was light and her cbmplexion4,brunette; thatwas raised a t Castle PinckneyA large military force went over last night tolake possession of Fort Moultrie.Fort Moultrie and Castle Pinckney were takensight.CHARLESTON, Friday, Dec. 28—p. m.Fort Moultrie was comparatively weak, and withwhichtheproceedingswere,conductedgaveanoccupiedbytheStatetroops,under theinstruc-tions of the Governor of the 8tate, to hold peace- might provoke the assault of a mob, the impreg-believedt ob etrustworthy,b u t there•;• '^; •£ MAKyLAND.BiXTiMORic, Friday, Dee. 28,1860.this man told her be was going to the South with her, where, as his adopted •child, she would have a good home; that black hair was prefer-no means of verifying its absolute credibility.TheCabinetcontinuedin session nearly six ThemeetingatBarnum'sHotellastnight,sofa"arranged; the leaders can't, stave ;it off much longer,andwewilldo it in spite of them." 44 How many men will constitute the attackingKey West:'' .''"The Secession movement is very strong and bitterlyurgedhereinFlorida;..TheConventionwillmeet7th redintheSouth,andprettierthan*hers,andthathe January. There is but faint hope of saving this State, had taken her to a barber and had her hair dyedfrombeingasecessionmeeting, wasaninformalmeet- possessionofbytheSouthCarolinamilitary last hours,anditiscertainthatit adjourned until ingofmerchants,membersofthebar,andothers,toparty,"asked I. "Five orsixhundred, and thoughwearelaboringhardtosendfromthistown black. Healsotoldherthat ifshewouldallow goodconservativemen,whomaygaindelay, ifnothing himto putsome yellow dye on her skin that herBhort work they'll make of it, too," said he. better. The question has already been, started in the complexion would become much * whiter In 44 Do you think M r . Buchanan will send more councils,astoseizingontheFortsattheTortugas.and afewdaysandthathehadputthestainon. Onto-morrow without coming to a conclusion on devise suchmeasuresasmightbe deemednecessarytothe affairs of South Carolina before them.The act of Major Anderson is generally com-preserve the honor and interest of Maryland in theCapt Humphreys still holds possession of thearsenal. Castle Pinckney and Fort Moultrie are mended, for among other reasons, that while of Conservative-Union loving citizens, but the privacycommand the Gulf of Mexico and are of national im- of by the captain, and potash, soap and water be-notdothat;Gov,Pickens has gotthatfixed. portance. Thepowerholdingthemmaycontrolthe ingapplied,thedyes weretakenoffandthelightnabledefenceofFortSumterplacedit beyondof protecting the Government property. Castle such contingency, as it could he reduced only obedience to a secret call, for the purpose of consult-able possession of these forts, and for the purposeSenators are now in secret session at Barnum's, inrespect to the South Carolina forts. • -' .- and convene the Legislature, independent of the The crisis of the contest may be said now to Governor. The excitement continues. •the South. Men will remain true to the Union, if the Government would provide fortheir protection by gar rieoning the Forts. The Fort here, Fort Tayhnynaa 60 heavy guns mounted, and is in so good a condition of defense that 100 men can hold i t against 5,000 for aseemsStates troops from Fort Sumter. . -\Feeling on the subject is running very high.ident's couraget ob efailing him,a n dh ereasonable time. Fort Jefferson no guns mounted.at the Tortugas hasMEMPHIS, Friday, Dec. 29, I860. and enthusiastic Union meeting w a s The seizure of the forts at Charleston by held rereto-day. It was addressed by the Hon. Neill S. Brown and others. Resolutions were passed oppos- ing separate State Secession,, against coercion, and favoiing a Convention of the Southern States to de- mand their rights, and if refused to take immediatename—that class is loyal; the other iB called "Sponges," who live by wrecking and diving for sponges—that class is the one who wish to create theindependent confederacy. o. w . h.his instructions:Fort Sumter is seven miles from Charleston, and it is very probable that he cannot communicate with the Government, all communication having been /sot off.BEJOICJNGS I N T H E SOUTH. RICHMOND, Friday, Dec. 28,1860.AnRICHMOND, V a., Friday, Dec. 28, 1860. The largest, the most intelligent and influentiallast night, in the African Church, to. give an ex-pression of opinion on the present crisis. Sev-eral speeches were made, some favoring prompt nigh'gone. £•;£•' secession measures, and others a resort to nego-tiation as a mere ultimatum.South Carolina gives great joy here.The secession feeling here has attained an in-what has transpired at Forts Moultrie and Sumter. The impression is very general that all means of com- munication with the Government have been ent off.tensity which n o o n e could have predicted aweek ago. I observe many ladies on the Btreets action. wearingsecessionrosettes.It is understood that the authorities of CharlestonAll.is quiet here, and business dull. Most, of the meeting ever held in Richmond assembled here members of the Legislature have gone home.State of Ala.... 1170 rifle muskets and 150 sets of musket accoa- X ' terments.State of La. . . ..10 rifles and 200 seta of musket accoutermeuts. Bute of Ind.... .. Arifle muskets. jsc.,4- „*-T>,.... i 1 machine for percuseioning muskets, 1 rifle, StateofTenn..J l mu»ket, 4 swords, and?pistol. .St. Louis Arsenal, Mo.—210 sets of horse equipments, 1,450 cartridge boxes, 200 dresses for the bayonet exercise'.Leavenworth Arsenal, K . T.—20 sets artillery harness, 10 sets field cartridge implements, 125 sets of horse equipments.Texas Arsenal, San Antonio, Texas.—1,000 pistol-holsters, 200 sets horse equipments. - ..West Point, «ew-York.--25 saddles.Newport Barracks, Ky.—100 rifle muskets, 100 seta musket ao- cpnterments.the same free entry and exit which they have alwaysand us, under the free-trade policy—which will be one known to warrant .the assertion that his conduct %* notThe news received from Charleston this even-ing produced an intense excitement. The overtact, in the opinion of many, has been committed, has been looking after the mails. H is idea isfell in battle, yet, if he should thus fall now while doing his duty gloriously and abandoned by the Gov- ernment, he need have no fears but that his policy would be raid." [Post.and the military here are ready and willing— yea,eager—togototheassistanceofSouth Carolina.Intwenty-seven counties heard from, inthisinformation we can obtain—and the sources whence it isderived.•Theycandrawtheirown.conclusions.We presume these guns and the 13,000 muskets, cav-alry accouterments, gunpowder, &c., & c , owned bytheUnitedStates,andnowatthearsenal,willbeshipped South, and be in the hands of the enemies ofthe Union before the 4th of March—and that LincolnwillfindthearsenalsineveryNorthernStateasbareof arms and munitions as the national Treasury is of conclusion to purchase arms for them. These are grave cash, the Indian trust funds of bonds, or the presentState, forty-eighteleven cooperationists were elected.t oThe President was entirely unprepared for such de- cisive action on the part of a subordinate, and at.oncestraight-outsecessionistsMONTGOMERY, Friday, Dec 28,1860. In forty-three counties heard from fifty delegates in favorofimmediateStatesecessionhavebeenelected, and thirty-five, clamed as cooperationists. Two-thirds of the latter are for secession in cooperation with thewhat it meant. At this meeting quite an angry dispute arose, the President and Secretary of War denouncing Major Anderson's conduct, and declaring that he baaA SOUTH CAROLINA COMMISSIONER IN WALL violatedordersbylforsakingFortMoultrieandtaking STREET.—The rumor runs in Wall street that one of poseeesion of Fort Sumter^ while Gen. Scott defended the valiant sons of the Palmetto nation came on to this his conduct, and pretty plainly intimated his contempt citytheotherdaytoraisethemeansonthe$400,000 forthosewhonotonlyseemedwillingtosacrificethe ofbondswithwhichthatnationisgoingtoraisean livesofinnocentmen,butalsoexhibitedadispoedtiea armyandnavyandengageinvariousotherdisburse- toseeimportantdefencesfallintothehandsoftheen- ments. Promptly and gallantly the Bank of South emies of the country. In his opinion, Major Anderson Carolina had offered to take some $50,000 worth of the had done exactly right, and could not have acted other* saidbonds,whichinthat region wasuniversallyre- wise,sworn ashewastoprotect>the livesof theoffi- garded as a "big thing." With such a beginning cers and men under his command, and under strictThe excitement here continues on account of news•>" -. ;>' , $ * ' **•''%•' .*--''5- ''''"'".' -*-'-*—•''•;-"""•"i»In the tecxet cession, yesterday, Mr.Memminger,to whom had been referred the resolutions of the Con- vention on citizenuhip, reported an ordinance that44pertain t o a free a n d independent State," completes secession so far as parchment goes. Practicallysecessionasyethasgonenofurther.7 32-pounda, Iron Guns, 7,250 16 each.'.89,750 tions of mutual interest and friendship between the of Major Anderson on Christmas night last was com- South and great West which no political revolution municated to them to-day, their indignation no«y be can destroy. The Valley of the Mississippi is one and imagined. They pronounced it unhesitatingly a breach indivisibleininterest,andnopoliticaldivisionsorre- offaith onthepart ofthe Government,aviolationofffi^lljIMMlkW^Mra•WJ..„ nmiir-v' J^fl£B •v4/':KEW,YORK DAILY TRIBUNE, SATURDAY, DECEMBER 29, 18(90.tttREBELLIONINSOOTHCAROLINAthanever,andanycoBiinonewith theFederal wHktheadviceandconsentoftheConvention,who.wMithe etituted. Withnoutterance from tho^earound asposaible. Forftwilltaketimetofet:pne:vThe theStateof8outhCarolinaandotherStates,underthetacked. H e recently asked for permission tomakethistransfer,unconditionally,whichwasforaStateConvention,toadoptmeasurestose ThoughthePresident,theSecretaryofWar,gunswillbe.allowedtogo.Whilewelookonthisasnent.Whetherwearemembersofthesameordiffer-thatthetransferofthetroopstoFortSumterWascon- notgranted;andtherefore,inmoving,heas. curetherightsoftheState,intheconfederacyandtheFederalAdministrationhaveshownamadneee,weshallnotopposethedecisionofthemeet-entpoliticalcommunities,commercialrelationsoftheducted'inasurreptitiousmannerindefianceofthosesumed the responsibility of deciding as to the imminenceofthedanger,underhiegeneralin- struction R.The Administration will disapprove of Major Anderson'schange,,justaswasdonewhenCom-or out of it, and in the event of dissolution, to willingness to see this treason go on, if they ing this afternoon, on the subject. The telegraph in- closest character will ever be maintained between the pledges. Moreover, they declared that unless theforms us that these guns were/ordered for the forts at States that lie alongthis great artery of trade. Such, whole affair were satisfactorily explained, or the' act 1debts and obligations, and for securing to her a mation of its plans, yet the handful of men at the outbreak of the present excitement on secession. If..tyrue, then why not countermand the order at once ? just share of theproperty, privileges, andmuni- Fort Moultrie, whoalone keep theAmerican flag Before/the guns reach their destination,the States,tionsoftheUnitedStates;reprobatinganyat-flying,forbidtheexecutionoftheparchmenttempt at coercion, and declaring that such at- avowalp. Matters cannot be kept so long. The tempt would lead to war, and deprecating the multitude that have for so many weeks been en- seizure of forts by any seceding States before couraged to believe that secession meant practi-the reckless fanatic and madman who shall seek to should cease, even before the initiative steps had been change these relations into those ofconflict and hostility 1 taken, and. that they would return to their homes im- New-Orleansisthe natural andgeographicaldepot mediately,withoutmakingahefforttoaccomplishany- ofthetradeoftheMisuBbippiValley. Theartificial thingofapacificcharacter.Inaddition,theysaid system of protective tariffs, and other facilities and that unless the act were repudiated, as .the Govern- ment of the United States had assumed the responsi- bility of committing the first overt act against theresolutions o f t h e most ultra character would have passed almost unanimously.they.WILMINGTON, Del., Friday, Dec. 28, I860. The citizens of Wilmington are firing a saluteday received no communication whatever from the of21gunsinhonorofMajorAndersonandhismultitude,withmusketsandriflesintheir•WarDepartmentsWecannotreconcilethjswiththeMajor Symonton assured r our reporter yesterday (.reverse. The leaderssecede foran idea. The therewerenomoreorderstofill,andthathehadthatFlorida.........Alabama......Mississippi^Jt*OrjTisV •*>•»*•«• • • »•••*•••»»••••••••• •••• -JMSMUHJT I V LouisiiUMi #..-•• * ---..January 33 X©xaji•••••••i*••••smV••••»V»•«•»•••••*r*••JMBttstty«aA special session of the Legielatures each of Virginia and Tennessee, in reference to a State Convention, will meet on the 7th of January, and of Texas on the 21st o f that month. The Legislature o f North Carolina hasadjournedtothe7thof January,tobepreparedto meet events.hands, for practical results. -Thus you may at anymomentexpectsomethinglively..of our reporters, saw one load of ten boxes, and.that tical man in^the Convention. From the first he the drayman stated that the boxes contained muskets and bayonets, and he was taking them to the steamer Key West, at our wharf. We give our readers all theprac-that nothing produces revolution so quick as fam- ine,andthatifanintellectualfamineispro- duced, suchi as would ensue from a suspension of themails,therevolution would fail. Actingon this principle, he has worked through the follow- ingordinance,whichsofarrepeals.theordinance of secession as to continue the United States postal system: •Chancellor Dunkin i s probably t h e mostcommunity generally show a disposition to enjoy. Your correspondent purposes to accept, by faith,generally,wehave no doubtthatthemeetingwillbea large one. In the meantime it is to be hoped thatthe officers who have the matter in charge will recon- would accommodate him, under thexdrcumstances. It Buchanan will not dare to puniuh it by recalling Maj.simply because, by an act of the Convention, all aremadesowhobelongtotheUnion;butmore thananalien,whenhefeelsthathecannotut teraloudonewordforthatUnion,orattemptto excuse even wrongs complained of under it; whereitislittle short oftreason,to bepun-confidei.ee in the fidelity and the patriotism of those who havecontrol of the Government. Let there be a generalattendanceat themeeting,andafullex-see if something might not be done bySecretary Floyd, who sometimes"does a little in that line.•[N.Y.EveningPost,27th. PROCLAMATIONOFTHESECESSION ORDINANCE.— The following is Gov. Pickens's proclamation of theSouthCarolinasecessionordinance:made to take Washington, as the Enquirer and the Examiner of Richmond, Va., constantly advise, he willnodoubtplacehimselfattheheadofthemilitia•oftheDistrict,whoarealldevotedtotheUnion.; Our citizens talk of serenading " old ChepukepeC"pointment baa not otherwise been provided for by law; I didthis inorning from the Battery, while it Buteventsarccrowdingonusso rapidly andrender- tionaapembled,by an ordinanceunanimouslyadopted cluetohiswhereabout*canbeobtained. Heis 5vftet' Thetelegraphisbelievedtobecontrolledbythe tonilvacanciesduringtherecessoftheSenatebygrantingcom- ingitsonecessary,thatwecannolongerrefrain.The andratifiedonthetwentiethdayofDecember,inthe inbight,'haslighthair,hadonblack*coatandpantsiagvrpttU, mordertoinfluence andmtimidato public opinion. i'..Senate•toconvenetheSenatewheneverhethinksitneces- orsongfoTitisheard—nothingbutderison,and sary-Provided,nevertheless,duringtheexistenceoftheCon-.v«ntio».th»tniltreaties,directions forthe appointment ofem- another anda mongrel flag, with every starbut bassadors, ministers, consuls, e t c , b e subject t o t h e advice a n dholdit.Ouradvicey therefore, to;every Northern manis,repealedanordinanceofthepeojloofthis*Suite largeestate,andfromhissuddenandmysteriousdis- adoptedonthe twenty-third dayofMay,intheyear•'•1Some here have been led to*ihink that a enna\ approaching, but other think it farther off Uteund: Ih<» lilt Voyemor Unoxeilkt?> *?*<•>&. low ?*noan:Arm yourjjelt at once. If yon Slave a gun, get it ready,of onr Lord one thousand seven hundred and eigbty-missions,whichshallexpireattheendofthenextsessionofthe wavedoverFortMoultrie;andwhere noshout timehascomewhenitwould.becruninaltowith- yearofourLordonethousandeighthundredandsixty,(noovercoat),andafancycap./Euokcrisheirtoaconsent of the Convention. . . . , •' | cne blotted out, and every stripe erasedj is sub'Untitled Documentx. '••'f^f^^^^Mf^^^0^^^^^tFultoThomas M. Tryniski 309 South 4th Street130691«MMM|||„,| |,^^ "••"-'•>•I- - i_..•J''•'''n New Ywww.fultonhistory.comorkwithm yo w nfeelings,turned,a sm ythoughtshaving been sbippetf South. The State ajsenals havertreaties, leagues, or >&wenant*, and to do ail mr.tswhatsoever that rightfully appertain to» a free <***£ independent Stdfc, ^ . h • v ' •Given under my^hand and the seal of Out State, at Charleston, this twenty-fourth day of December, m the year of our Lord onethouuand eighthundred and sixty, and in the eighty-fifth year of the sovereignty and inde- pendence of South Carolina. P.*W. PiCTaes*.PAINTING A WHITE GIKL TO MAXE HER A SLAVE.— One day last week a gentleman of this city hailed ani .m>,I«|W»I J*'> ''Ml "I!• I...•».»'.«i.|.H.Mmi»l|l'l«»^*>ltim»'Lieutenant-Governor, shall form a Council, to b e called " The North is, to-day;abMC^;baxe of arms, and he who^or: name of the United States of America: . .ordinancewere withdrawn. \: g &.The news of the capture of Fort Moultrie and the report of the Committee, who had had under con- fitting thing, certainly not one more in accord ing to the t j ^ ^ j S H ^ sovereigntfreer and independent State; and$ as such%oyptUBKOFTOTTEDSTATEJSFORTS* THE MEUETIA DHBER AHMS.• ' •Mottltrie and Piackncy Seized. in conference with them. active in favor of the proposition. He advocated the of the Revolutionists, amid which for so many Pacific Coast? out of the ~^ayj and all the availableThe Commissioners demand that the troops sbs election of! twice as many, representatives to days I had sat, than to go down early and look force of the ^avy has been sent' to distant stations,W A S B W O T O K , Friday, D e c 28,1860.authority in me vested, do hereby woclatmtothttoorld .The Convention met at noon. Mr. Rhettspoke on the sentiment, I felt that I could not do a more Look at the^ facts./'TO^yor^ern arsenate belong- that this State is, as she has a rtghtto'ht, *.M€pax«UrCastle Pinckney reached the Administration in Cabinet meeting to-day.whilelast three months/every available arm within them has a right to levy par conclude peace, negotiatesideration the address to the people o f the SouthernStates, and also on the ordinance lor the formation of aSouthern Confederacy. B e said the object was to were by the day on home and country, and toj all been emptied by the Southern d>mahd, and haveB1 11to return borne. Shortly after being underway, our would be at the risk of confirming the suspicion, paratively trifling. Hence our chief reliance must be Natchez friend observed a pensive-lookingi nttfe girl,the hands o f the volunteer soldiers, therefore, i s com-concerningmy-identity,ofa fellowwith hang- onthearmsinthehandsofindividuals;andnoRe- agedabout9or10years,whose-blackhairanddog-look, who follows me. So, says'I, pointingto a Palmetto flag near by, at the mast of a ves-sel that will have t o pull i t down and run u p t h e !publican should now feel himself secure without one. yellowish brown skin would indicate that she was We are not alarmists; but it would be criminal to a mulattress. There was something about her thatpre»ent threatening aspect of affairs. It was composed soldiers to Major Anderson V7 44 No, he dare this place. Now, you know that these two places bearing these statements the girl was taken chargeimpressiontosomethatitwasofanoppositecharacter. Twelveoutoftwenty-twooftheMarylandStateWedon'tfearBuchanan;wecangetalongwith him;it'sLincoln;andwemeantodosomuch before he comes in that he can't undo it."I foundthatthefellow wasnotonly intelligent generally, but thoroughly posted in regard to the plansoftherevolutionists. Convinced, probably, thatIwastrue,particularlyasIgave himan opportunity to see the badge or cockade on my breast, he bade me good morning and left, prob- ably to look for a stranger who would have the temerity to confess himself a Union man. And I took myself, a s usual, t o mingle among t h e EevolHtionists.THE W A R SECRETARY'S TREASON. THE CANNON A T PITTSBURGH.From The Dispatch, Dec. 27.The cannon were not removed from the Arsenal onWednesday. T h e Committee t o procure information met, and (at the request of Major John B . Butler, U. S- A.) make publicthe following report:Statement of etoree shipped from the Allegheny Arsenal since July 1,1860:Where ihippcd to. Articles.State of Ohio. J5 sets field-carriage implements, Stale of K.Y.... .100 sets rifle musket accoaterments.commerceoftheGulfofMexico,forgoodorevil;and hairandlightcomplexionbrought to light. The the strong argument of the Secessionists in this town pretended master was seized by the excited paesen- iB,."byseparatingfromtheStateswegetridofJudge cers,whowereabouttodealwithhimsummarily,butMarvin, and will get all the salvage." Atrocious as it was finally arranged to lock him up in a stateroom this sentiment seemB, it has been uttered by a Federal until the boat should land. In the meantime the boatofficerhere. lad passed St.Joseph,andwhen a fewmile*below Somepropose separatingthisislandintoanindependent that town rounded to take on wood. At thispoint,communityoffree-trade,whichwiththewreckingpur- how,orinwhatmannerisnotknown,theborder- poteaboveimpliesmorethanhonesttrade;but,letting ruffianescapedfromtheboat,leavinghisbaggagebe- aloneallthemadschemeswhichareafloat,thereare hind. Thegirlwastakenbythecaptainortfaeboatenough Union men in this town to carry the day, if to New-Orleans and placed in one of the orphan asy> they could be sure of protection againstinvasionlrom lums in thatcity. [Nat. (Miss.)Free Trader, Dec 12.immenseNORTH-CAROLINA.RALEIGH, N. C , Friday, Dec. 28,1860.At 10 o'clock p. m. the Cabinet was still .in session- HOW THE NAVIGATION OF THE MISSIS- TheGovernmentiswithout anyofficialintelligenceofSIPPI I S TO B E SETTLED. From The N. O. "Delta, Dec. 20.Louisiana will never claim or exercise any morepower over the navigation of that portion of the Mis-sippi which flows through her territory, than has been have taken possession of the telegraph. In the absence exercised by the United States and her own State of official information, the Government cannot act in- authority. Theshipsandsteamboatsofthecitizensof telligibly. Alltheinformationthusfarreceivedby other States, who are.friendty to u* will be allowed the President is through third parties.Voluminous dispatches have been sent to Col. A n- enjoyed. Nay, more; the commerce between them derson, the purport of which is secret; but enough isMeetings are being held in the various countieB, at which Union sentiments are prevalent, but hope is wellof the leading features of the political system of the 6outh-—will-be far greater than it ever has been-un-der the New-England policy which has controlled theadministration of this Government for the last fortyyears. As the West largely produces what we of the for believingthat the Government had given the nioslState of Penn...10rifles, 25rifle mmkets, VIpistols, 35swords. 45 sets rifle tuid musket accoaterments, ana 8set*ofhorseequipments.solemn assurancesxthat theforts should remain as they were, in statu quo ante bellum, until the Commission- ers had an interview with the President, and had e x plained their views to Congress through the medium ofbrought down a. perfect/avalanche of groans and u negotiate treaties, leagues, or covenants, and For the Fort in Galveston Harbor, Texas— '- 2310-inch Columbiads, 15,200 lb each.hisses, and which could only be restrainedby "to doall acts whatsoever that rightfullyap- 488-inchColumbiads,9;240 tt>each..AH the-speeches were intensely Southern,. and indicate that the secession feeling in Richmond is far in advance of the estimate of the most ultra. Every secession sentimentutteredwasDee. 25,1860.The proclamation by Gov. Pickens, wherein he The following are the numbers and weight of the canon ordereddeclared to the world that the State of South to be sentwway:for the Fort on Ship Island, Mississippi—Carolina"is,asshehasarighttobe,asepar- 2110-inchColumbiods,15.2C0Itseachr>r . %».319,200 ..184,800 ....29,00020 8-inch Columbiads, 9,240 lb each...ate, sovereign, ^ d - independent State, and as 4 32-pounders, iron G^jns, 7,250 lb each....Fort Jackson and St. Philip, La.—22 pent houses for- Barbette carriages.ors to sell their products to us on the cheapest terms,we intend to give them another advantage which they the Executive. Under these assurances, the prepara- do not now enjoy. We intend to open our ports free tions which the citizens of Charleston were making for to those articles bf foreign growth, and manufacture their own protection against the fire of the forts were uponwhich"theWesternpeoplearenowfCompelleAtostayed. Infact,amutualagreement-wasenteredintot pay duties of 20 and 26per cent to bolster up Eastern that nothing should be done either to strengthen the44AcallforBotts,froma-fewinTncassembly,"suchhnan.righttolevy•war,-conclude^peJWSe,^ . •0t?ot*lm.«...&/•'....*..*.......«*>•'.••».^j.^....'.•...'«.•.533,000blowtoreleasethemfromthisburden.WeintendtoingthenegotiationsbetweentheFederalGovernmentwhichwouldcertainlyeitherseizeordemandtheir surrender, will (as we are told on all hands,) have se- ceded from the l,Jnion,.and shall we be foolish enoughthe arsenal that afternoon; that other citizens, and onethe company waa notlegally liable where the assured 4<manded. A public meeting has been called by the" man that Messrs. Duncan, Sherman cc Co. were in theMayor, in pursuance of a request signed by'a largesame line of business, were also \remarkably generousmen, and might possibly achuinister to his consolation.Forthwith he hied to the office of those bankers. Apretsionoffeeling. i on.Thetimesdemanddecisiveac- • . '• ; i :AN APPEAJU TOPENNSYLVANIA^ TOARMTHEM- SELVES. • . ':.MinUtem,Cou»uJ»,«adAg«it*offoreignpowers;toconductne-eolUtSoim with foreign oowew; to xnskn tie«ti«« by and with th«advice and content of the Senate; to nomi .,;* &u ottoer* by andwiththendviceandeontKjutofthe8enat«;toappoint£aiDawa-dor» Public Minister*, and"Conaul*, a« the Geueral Assemblyamy previously direct, and also all other officers whose ap- ished almost,.to look upon the American flag, as tantly. We have been loth to believe it necessary. Whereas, The.good people of this State, iu conven- his residence, No. 23 Amity street, yesterday, and no' From The Pitubtirgh Gazette, Dec. VI.. EXKCTJTIVK DKPAKTMKNT, CUAKUSSTON, S. CM1 December 24.1860. JSUSPICION- OF Four. PXAT.—Walter K. Tucker, a youngtattt15yearsofage,suddenlydisappearedfromByhisExcellencyFrancisW.Pickens,GovernorandCommand- LET THE PEOPLE ABM.—We givethisadvice reluc- ' >v er-in-Chief in and over,the Bute of South Carolina:capitalists and manufacturers. W e intend at onemake trade free; and one of the greatest blessings of and the Commissioners. •••• v- ; -349,600443;520, thatBystemwill be,that it will create,tiesandrela- Whenthefactofthe, tothem, inexplicableconductWepresume,fromthecomplexionofthereportofthe committee, that they will be satisfied, and that the lations which ignore thia identity will ever be perma- the pledges of the officers on the station, and declaredprovideforherassumingherjustshareofthe^havenotpositivelyincitedit,eventheconsum- themonthoftheMississippi,andatGalveston,before atleast,willbethepolicyoftheSouth.WoebetodisavowedbytheGovernment,theirnegotiationTHE TRAITORS AKMWG IH MISSOURI.—" * ButalthoughtheWide-Awakesarenotarming,andhavetaken no resolution to arm themselves, it is ascertainedthat other political organizations, known as MinuteMen,ConstitutionalGuards,Broom Rangers,&c,have endeavoredto procure arms from the State. It isfurther saidthat the leaders of these trained bands,failingtogetarmsfromtheState,havecometothe sentfortheSecretaryofWarandGen.Scott,toknowMr. Belmont, who was a great friend of the South, a delicate matter, and there is reason to hope that Mr*appearance, stwmg suspicions are entertained that b e foio'iifttart unci.il' yoa'&s not o^vn ww, gc«. oh*'<& *OOA. fciglti, ttJUd hsVV<i• iii«i,'«bjF uUi>\)lvOu biitt utuua OwiVV'etUl has been foully dealt with,approved of, as might be expected / / / .Before tney left Charleston for the seat of-Gevera-ment, the South Carolina Commissioners had the au-thority of the South Carolina delegation in CongreeeQUARREL WITH G E N . SCOTT.—The Washington correspondent of The Philadelphia Press, writing under date of Dec. 28, says:•-Hi m,WI;mJanuary 3January 7 .........January7••' •'•' f 'i?5*.S*WM|S  