 .wlaer than my fi- ""• matters I am. If I didn't I aboula bealooL If I could aot-with theto be carried awayas lieforeare property for "the Union" that Is goinl ^ uV22?*jctob.completepure white alabaster box, full of aU puritiest>eiiu trouble in thebappt-be or fsa/ed, ormay hoped attempted rilnaadad,VMM wimmm^miw^^fF '5ir g!)c yeto-liorft ^nntg, SribaQ, Vcntmbtt so, mor ruooied and iaciicd to bolder enterprise aad aonl ctaaraetCT.wbWiasy nmre than tbe whole of North. Itislhwat.aadB5J%2Z£L^-^?'""'*"^id tamaUi, the world ii pitxperons, if by the«e redaUyMusnot be foolishly fcarhl of exdfaweat I ImiUm nee Ii freed frum oppreMion,—ther- bSs«i resembles the world's growth by lk^^ tbatWheroopon this orator, wtio seems to hold his audi- betog seduced Inia opposiUoa to tbe Imperial gorerm- baa net beea, InculeaUng haired of our Boutberaencaatoperfeot coatrol, said, with lalmitable ooial- rocai, aadM4»urt ailiaoces wltb other aaltoas wb* bretareo and of their lustltuttoas MMber has theWe ue, thee, leMuiIttbe idraace of Chriat's Klog- the^t .ctive part mea hare•veiled But itvhen ouitt--»Mowaabaiaarlamsaid, with a cahnlngdea te tte whole arpect of tbe world. The Cherch "d in moral and inWieetaai1 iTvegesture,alltke ^iBltual interior. The good men, who lore Goil aadnaawlthoTerwhelmbig affection, of all satlons, of eracy tongue, are tbe true Charcb.To-dar we are amembled to give thanks for N»-Institutioiis, nuMO bertalobisuiryaiarry, aad plaat and baild. da- dicutors. Leading statesawa aad States, and Sena- quency of people (MM mltSof tbe year ladoeiDff. Who ki>ew whee January set her cold aad calm (ace towardi the future, that she vras thehuabandsttutedtlonat Bereies, I need notcompromise.topray uato the Lordexpoundingherald ofaach a lummerr Whenever wasfor or desired may thisconflict. Gi»lhassentitlo. .'''''.'• . *". light of revela'ion notoapttvea,as,their ownre- aaiIt ; ty^lk» mM awoke with new ardorber that w e are ia our own land remem- secilouaiand dwell amoiur our aeparatloaaof some denominations, the toifaetarnsof uaina Tbdto lleUtr oaast be tbe tatfrlaaeearaMai!*, and every stem,chism,andmade-belleva I was 1 se- asleep.goodly peritaso—endow- ed with leJfgiou, llbertr and Uw, blessed with abund-ofoarowalatest soleim deliver-provoklnf atUtude and acUn eftkleTearUakedllttlfS«Jwaulp. thisceded arm ataid out ia (Jte rain till supperance, aad bound together in all of tberights guaiaaiMd to erery portionwmra^ li^~ti»otttm,agam, bore the coosaqueaoea of disobedience, eat to myonly bybyoear Intercourse ofand Assemtilytaabandrythere's a fair, free frt>m — rangeance on thewas consistentlyunani; at Cia-lileandiheootKUtiuaoflubMlth.owture,tbe gardea,berrioa of the (hece-rows and wjldairfl tl>enHlllbe« ucomeback,andwillBd in tne Cut said tbat lightkept »ut3 oounclls, and tbe traoe-bfea^aV aria^this reveala the mind and will of God. Let us rejoice 4. The growing moderation of monarchs, the quiet impaovemeDt of the people, the emancipation of tbeOur party rignt or wrong,"—which, wiih pui blind zeal, lemurseieasly lies to make the worse appear the better reason. It there Is error in legisla-loldenchataThere la a Christian police around the globein tlie piety aud penitence, the faith, and loyally, andbraaehesTo some it—tbe coimtry the l- pjs-ed through qua—alter tbis discipline of csptlvlty, tne people promised a restoration to their nauve land and to t eaily political privileges.!who Im-may seen that tbe light In thi? picture is too high, and tiie baukcrround not dark enough. 1 d > not wish you to think thatthe bacN ground is not dark t It is! There IS excitement—there is brewing mischief.tiid every just duty, every agreement, and every generous act within the limits of truib anJ honor.oppressionthatthsyremlnd^^ouIt was,—betw€«n a wasting evil be wickedndeosusb.tler,Am patIriotlam—now, it would; that;U^;«f»} and every bough, has;for prodigal bounty. "Ej«Pt«Tbere there can Is,be, no further rumpromtsew Tnerestaid outther'a houae oace. I wouldn't- say my cate-t^^^* aakeo ItnasDuke," (PreaUeat JaoSo"Ihe North and tlie South, tne East aad the West? and aiodcf BitoB. And tbere, as well as here. Is tad these that is going to keep oa united In the bonda atThe clouds lie bu<ied along the Southern horizon. raise up violence against us. No inore?Tbe Carribean Sea tliat breeds tornadoes and "'lilrl- winda, has heaped up Its tieasures of storms porten-Let us look things rieht in the face and speak plain truibs. The lime hIII come when men will he Ar whatfortJi in lbreat.-< andion i andfor disun- creaie the lumtier uf gotxi citizens. Tney have a it should be matter of special thanksgiving wilktousthatseemabouttobreak. Lett/umbreak'• Seek the of tbe whither I have caused jieaoe citycoiuciJcnce or conse- Influence In their owu families thtm tliat they would enjoy an Independent aatiooal- by si.l.eieol amazing!to deliser captives, to luote those thatliberty,tion, but sin is a to Let us or tiarmoDiae with States where mea reproach any people."flashes from one end of tbeIrom these cximiles In art,and business relations, I wuull urge mors piovementpaiaiystaindustryIn the end righteeoaomy will work out prosperous national would not be half so ridiculous as tovt bile leslstance was counselled byothersandsooM;past.politicalhare,tbetiger with the lamb, and so forth.prindpie—accessible and easy. We have trod theofthechlldreaofIsraeL decade parture Everyourand oar kln.tblessed be Cod, tbli! sectional feelingTbat Union soilbei lies of all, without aaie to o ess the libera oeing pprties 01 any. Tnis can be seoared oaiy by popular constituttons, defining and regulattag Libartr.Such a govemmeat by God's faror, we ei\)oy. Latrough path alread>no but with moderation of nght,more men who, Heavealaspired,* and moralWe have not beentoBut now,which has of late been our bane, U notso loved by us, was formed oa the basis ofwill resume and iu egalllbrulD,gave,—nowshows will take their lines spirit aad kladness In their heads as oar Falnets did, and risk all forthe Gospel has nothing to do with human rights andcountryearnestly accomplished by our fathers, bleodtng, opinions, peoples and States distlncUybe firm, give up no truth,of temi>er hold the reins of right withthis way and that, but soon the cliaritMTOBWAaD—but some men steer round and which,consider one taw as made foruuiversalLpor on either side 01 Mason and Dix-will roU oeacefuiiy"""ard, drawn by ooedleni steeds. The way la to go bomb withlife, is the duty ofof those who constitute the successful evi- partyof labor, and the reladousiJ"*7»*oiidering why they are so behhidered and be uouoted.and is pledged, even »at vlolaiea theterms, and impaira the peace of tbe imbedded to tbe faeUng of looal Inlependence. TaaButKla rankInfidelity, and at such a lime as this,Goveniment according to the Cffitsji»ur»<m andmc laa>tformation ? It is not my business here, Uvday, to de- tion, bat ta tba oflsprlng of the spirit of f.eeJom in taa(ei d or to dcnotmce But it of freedom is negro Slavery. is in place nation. In Maw JSagland the nurserystu^Bdous Jfteeaheaeinfatuation, to supposethat tbeit In the first caimot catch them place, youthey say rig^Wunder and that the Unum, of which taws alone, he is to be tbe Ex- It.) tbe whole world should ofofthis nation everfromknow it— so do;be tail to become a prey to or ecutive, while tbe checks and balances of our feJurnl anarchy despotism." the actual consUtuuon of andsprungand so do L Tlie NorthernPAtrasra quoted era.nature,the brick, or tbe trowel, to up By day ligious. Whatever is the duty of one, alio wing foraud institutions of.'shouts,IIcrrKMkKT 18 WHOLnOIULWhea men low down as such, begin to bis stirred--u-pis nt SundajlThea wtfaaupfjfcedtobe raady to joU tbem «talBatM<thenlibaleCliurebln"*—if for those of theSouthyoucontest for barbarism.foollsb. Whea South Cvo- Into the compact uoiess certain coodliloos were granted—abe ahould haveOugt.twe not to dothis,aotwithstaadtng Ihe peace ai.d coiM»rd. There mustanhappy be Impartialbailc; and that the real conflict in this aatioais between Barbaitem aad CirtUxatloa. The one isIt aeeda but one element toIfweeoBidbesurethattiilalaGod'smercy, andrefiiiements—theotherisUkePudora'sbox,fullpure,IB fte aoaa of G«d rejoice, and allto-daywe can't have even a Presidentialt tat good aad lending thereto, we should have Ml clipa to-day. That satisfaction is not denied. Tb^tthyOTof Mew-Toik, in a proclamation in view of dtohprooigal jearthat has heaped tbe poor B^raVtBW wii|\ abundsbce, is pleased to say—taatparableof enviousgoodly are thy touts, O peace, laB'i,of s^ Ma population,trlnnipha over tbe atoutest ardLi> ni tti catuitry either i» Us politicai, cam "^xatpiicntthe olilea time had two remediesfor all diseases—Maydrop from the gen-degree of political power that makes Ic necessary now, tor the whole of Western Europe to ask their permlsaloB lor any crown or monarch, ts cheering andreapor10 sustainausptehMs.uponnow, the strongest crowns are paper,;!3. The resurrection of Italy is another memorablethat such a monarch as Vio-This Is beyond Omnipotence. Saall webe aland of corn and wiao uponple'a backsmadeof the paiicr votes of ttje people!;Againthine enemies shall be found liars w 1.0 can swear, upon occasion, that black is white, good ta tbe best way. Give tbe Inatltutioas of tba1 see as many signs and tokens of; letusseekpeaceofourcoimtryhjilafaagood men re-timestutional manner Without theregood(rults,event of the• Divtoe preamce ia Italy as tbere were in the emsn-oipa^on and conduct of the Israelites from Egypt. a rotten <M>reThat such a conjunction of events should nave society about a vital heart—taken placestand mature. There they are in contrast. God holds them up to the ages and nations, tbat men may see the diSerence.;— tbe clouds are thick and the tempest Is In tbe skythat tnaa who steers tils ship by what be sees above"Rid me and deliver me Irom tbe band ofyear,'. cebency And;TOB KuAMtML should have sat waiting ;— own heart,or an atrabiiarlous magistrate wno forgets the solem-norrheru Irleuda are justly put in aadthat coosummaie statesman, of noblest wisdom and patriotism, as Catour, should have been preparedrequisition,tne reany aid ill find IU way to the heart aad the way to many an emotion of love aad ooa- That our sous may be as xens by raiiiag lu utbcial documents, and contemniag gr(epnaciee. So, while tbere are many hundreds of churches and ministers, and many thouaaads of Clirto-such^nity 01 his olhce 10 le^y mobs, and degrades itsand the autburity of law before tbe eyes of the ciu-<mat sucn a heru—interested, self-sacrificing, skillful and Uon-like, as Gasiaami, should have cume, at the hour, marks theor below, at the stem or at the side of tiis ship,a light hsud of lals^^hoodplants grown up in their youth ;may be aa cornerstones polished alter the simiiitutleaad i^Hiyfool. There Is a silent in the binnacle, finger:pla^biflgof—low ttiat path, and all will be well. But lis bard work thousands aud tt us of thousands iu our street*!—but oae this g to do see where (^d's finger points fol-—a sokiler, Ui t>eat down old despotisms JustThere are three courses before us I. To go over to Southern views.II. Tu compromise with thera.cur oxen may be stiong to lotior no breaking in, nor going outrigutlulall'.biiitymany missionaries whomoltbtaverytngadaeistall iiaa, to organize new liberties; aa:to propbeoy about the South, or Indeei^ concerning;is tliaipaMot King, te preside over the people'! govero-plainingin such a case is the Lord."meat—a people divided for centuries, now united—III. Tostand firm oa coBstitatloBal gronada aad abide the issue.:Let us consider Ibem In order youWlU be notdon'tknow,and knows. Whatevershe nobody:Vea,happyis thatpeoplewhose GodmoreodiousthanUmtfactiousandselfishspiritwhica '•gltufaaiitMilng bere,|djxk by link,simple,true, dis- pure,the sotis-like aof all evils and black wickedness. Tne coa- Mack,—Its boundless wealth and of opportunliy;Godtions. That eit/ier ef t*-em should have appearedwould have been signllicanu That alt should come land. One must yield. Which shall it be tthat our dau^nters That our garners may be full, affordingsacred tliuigs, aud venting pagan tnankfuiness, and In tbe aame bieath ImpteciUing uivine veugeance against hla poliilcai auverswies.tlans all orar the land, maay of them needment anu aid 10 sustalaing Uw taaiituU ini of tne Goa- pel. In tbe South, too. there Is -uch a field of entar- piise. Our own Church baa entered upon it wbhMen never devise such combina-that moral is to political affairs. priat^pleThere Is:;havetheirwhom they lore aad lioaarand what a prayers. Wbj,andcomets of name. anycongregatloa ladistant'iexas.repreaeatastvwof their a«lmalaa«are-ourselves, ouunlry. to Ibe Church,toaitorousooasplra-We ou)ibt to be afraid of refusing God's work.had been in tbe original:ye houses, and dwell In themaadHe has appointed this people and our day for oae of;that thoseOnks is A rivoTALPSBiOD. Tiie strifo Is betweaa a;dead p'^st and a living futuieand a flouitshind good—between Bartarirm a<ut oinii- ' tzotwn, CSuboued applause.] You not have •**?tofrejoicingreaults-averyhoDaay YouronlyoptionIs—whichsidet Ifyeuaeeeptthe morecorrectcoacluaioasibaabecouldwithoutthem,TearaolinllleT »« propitious to all industryynu. It ba» come, and you uirsT taeb aznas.lauicai ideas o( the North you coate-t tor civlllzatljnonly,;feUoweitl- wisdom, justicebeneveryUT«lhJtheaoU,fclttl.etoeplraUon. *''"^TM;'«fj have been many tbii.ga between us th<t were fairouiaelveeaautoalltnepoupleofthisbroadIan—totoapioceaakwI should le worse thaaUnA said she would not oomeIsubjects for argumeniatioa, and for honest difference of f>piolon. about which one side might claim with ap-what the other si le would with paieotequity, equalant Yea we have a pjacts.ministry. may speakdence, 01 Ibe oonaervatlTe attltadeleilan Church In this land-the ivgest body of Pros- our people by tbe ocganta law that"'°'*"^"the vlneTard, tbe or- take sides—away with compromises—aad woe let her go—si«'ll stay out In the cold a Uttle wh leand tbe maiBtenanee jnat«"'"""'*"."?^°»« l« '•"^' ^''"vehemence deny. But now they are all swept awapofwhichbthebreathbatterypared—the conflict l« coming, and you must with South Carolina if siie wants to outall thequestion, mously pronounced by thebatterythe guns »re loaded and the match pre- will belaarrlage,family klasmsnstdp aud lovebe to that luoklrts who la the wight,dhcerfuUy tbe catechism, even if theychurlishly and blindly Ignoring themit liad saved Ihe Ualoa. Thii^~"*^ "'^rageof battle is fbund,iBldway batweeathe two. He's of repeat everyarticle ia;have been clothed with mexampled no use tu and fair should all be llcei^. tUarked aeasatloB.] ^IJ^^V^ee. either, a shot for both. At last theInbsbitaats of Ibis Mr aad cityState, wtth duues ap- hsvtiig duties alao toover toe laud Irom tiiaHBt Lawrence aad theseems to haTe lacked mMMngera to Noith has beea called te Our fathers in their wisdom, aad doubtless dolagretatad quesUon la tbe other partaof thta great aatioo,—tbia uoios of the Rio Grauoe. and fruM*tiie Cteansettcat, MontaoK perhaps I am tot caaapen n - ^^bodatT. Nature upon ataad«pandfight. Not whatprofitaie to these roUtious, andlakes to tbe Flonuaiaieataof kladneaa, and the Sammer, Uke for Connecilout clocka, not fur ear-riaga or i4avethey deemed It beat to do, aoquiesced in ber de- mand for BermissioD to ooutinua tbe Siave-trale nullU we, with oar of the evils of knowledge"em tnows to theCMjuGape Sable,Aiben>arle Sound tonbe Pacific—anitad, conltall ta diaeam. iguestloa respecting &e exlaaaioa of Staaarr tato thlcoavayfaera read sarprlaedgi)l^ U> fiad eoeveyaaee for all tta treasures. The theoccsstoairprlnclpiepeople of Ueae Sutee, extemUag fivia the aorth- Inxurlaat loplca, and from the Bast- em to Ibe Wettera Oceaas."—Ibis of oaeandKith quadruple freight, has not beenwblps. not for cart- wheels ar prtBts,or caniages or lb]es,but for saAlerGad. God ts worthythehare felt the divloe aidor. Thaflaherman- was ,,^aeai fieldyoaaranatwontayofbiab AaoMer neverfound. AooatastbetwaeaCbrlallaaCbncemliig tite Compromise of 1890. you were follr advUed: They proaitwd finaU^. Did you get it ? Yes.wltfatbsbuttendofaolub! Tbey renewed thaircr one iintry,peopletloD aboyalbe laUtplagf M» IT—tba promlsadne—aiiboughIt waaflaaUycoadamaadsuch harvests from the moist furrows of civilizalion and barbaiism. ua.er reaped aangebeSupreoeCourt,theooaea. Aadiheeehatbandnaenot-theaea,who IdoDotproDooncetiieSoatfearapaoplatabeabar-reap when tbey have not aowed, and grow rich upon hat^reita wMch they hare not tUIed, hare this year put tai the crooked h«ok for their sickles with admlr- lag tladneik for tlie strange and unwonted abundance of Ik* deep.barous petyle;cliarge.t l< thetidags tkataredonetherew«rpdone here, I Aoald say they were baibatooa I mky not know. I do, however, uahesitallogiy say that the distlnettve Idea of the Free States la an alecaent of Christian civIlizttloB, and that of tbe South is nar-loaaiwunt'y by anrprise. and Awakeaad great tat rm\fllct, the',1, has comeyou In the ranks, and to see that you are iaapired to— with tiwirgold-beaded canes and iheir fat, ptotrudlagextorted andhome,withThe condition of the commonare spread forth, as gardens by the river's theyaventa. a which logicfightheroism.solemn nity, as it they bad never failed before. Doctors Inside, as Ihe tree s of llgn aloes which tbe Lord bath planted,;uniu the Lmd f»r it, for in the have peace.thereof weand It is my business toeuloglum:measures the position of any nation on the scale of^civlllzatloB. And the condition of vtork meastirea the character of Itsand against which tbe best moat powerless." Ccvoxcr,nutdatarjaumcial<upect,iiTiiinttnofeatureforakiok common Notwherethehead but bleedingandea<elic—(laughteranduncomlortabeapiironrlatethe benefactions thatwestokUtetkankfui."Wecouldasknomore.When people. Is, where aensatlon]—BLd these political quacks—worseoff— —yea hUtecoveied Joseph: "Of Josepti legilty.bis land for tne honor,things of Heaven, for tne dew, and for the woild. We WlU not bln:er, but help. We outs. And astlaaivlerwye.— badmen' rtgotce, good men sorrow—when bad men the feet aie. that determines c nation's position. tnan even tbey, having but one remedy offer now,t'ibcs.andotBlessed of the Lord beIts Its uprightness, itsreformatiun, woalih, itsaroULd our brelhrea aadfriends who live iaThe SouUiem iiutes and Ihe Mortliern alike foundgrleT«,goo<l B<en m^^y lejulce. When God rains mer - seeds sown in colonial The and alwa>s win offer, nothing but compromise, andbesaid.and Its just aud Influence in the gather talutary the miust ufThat is theirtaunt aad goad that extramaoies we are glad to know that Satan and poisonous ^ays. the patient, of course, dies, as he ought to, for taking pises gruni- Noiih cbcse to weed it out. the South de- such trash,wlil dofruits brought foith by the sun, and for ttie precliui or to abate its goesi name and its power for good.qutstinn and ua€ I enslbiiiiy which ta alrea ly so daageroasly stimalstodbles. IlFhuuldeverteso. Letuirejoice, [Sensation.] termined to cultivate It and see what Itthe Influences aroundBut it la not. now, to thesefine my remarks. I propose to glance at otherforth tbe moon andW boaoever strives lu lato its Consti- byKKaSOSS FOR THANK.8G1TIN0.liusii^ver by inflammatory spt^cnes, sows discordinto the of organiza'.lontione, which, in the main tend tu conserve human liber^, aad the decadence and dwindling of those ua-ccKjes of Our proi>perity is the frutt of seed things.sown. Their fears, anxieties, alarms, excitement),no halfway. Let tbe South keep its Instltutians in;let the blessing come up-walkiLg will iiui \\ha<eiereminently to upholdaadSlaverytioaa that have flourishedbyAil that It is lilts that convulses the South. They wish tojure them have alreadv;matMr of gratulatlun.2. Theemergf DC« of the common people to that.'yieldtotopicsby mountains,for tne chiefa loii tbat c<mes fr<may be driven off together, but It will be a aadexaction andtheus. They sball have all tbat tbe Constitution hasthat I shall con-bilug contempttution, lis laws, its ruiers. Its juugel we will notmtyrannyIstheygottenaJvantage ofwe winfruits of liberty from the seeds of Slavery. Since tbey cannot, tbey demand that we ekali make it up te thtm, I'be amount of the whole camroversy is this, that the United States Govemmeit are bound tomtite2eiis.religionsanctifyand laws of nations toat stigmatize andit aariai lifesow thistles and gather grapes tvest figat Be not deceir d, God la not mockcKi Vlhatsoever a man sows, that also shall he reap.alsot^s bcAv- ;—The Southern States have organized society arcmnd—And now theie U a-confllct—which Is to yield?Is Liberty to uncover her fair head? Shall she lay aside her opal-lined crown and her diamood-sludjed•**Slavtrythe Northern Statestn^aalxeduuto thteplaces." Hay we nut hopeful. y appreprlate tbe whaleund a fleecy cloud in the sky is a wbeilier it be a ribald deciaiiner on a plat-gospel, as well aa tbow kiiKiiiess to the affllciadla this woild. Whia pestlleaaa rages at Norfolk ar;haventhe deep—Mhen the heavens are overcast when;— ;spoutliigShall she walk Or sball black Slavery be discrowned and The two Queens cannot reign la the sameiceptre upon the altar of oppression T captive ?abased ?steer;and so, what the compass Is to the mariner,of a palaceeoeourage-koes, our course is plainsera of Russia, ou^bt to eogage our attention and law for llberiy ? Snail we rub down and efface every woat is right, and act fully up to that In the end thehigh places as unsuitable, and churlishly dl8,uadedwith railing and imprecauon! Tbe day has notbi ought sorrow, but It was feared that its dawn might tion and relorm. If we are oppressed, we have our Uon, and governments of our ,chooaiag, are aothina be biougbi on heavily, amid thickening and ominous to tne tribunals. If we are re<iuired to without God. 'Itaey are dependent uptm Hi. wUC.t)egun.BIOHT WILL PhSTAIL.There is a great workclear and distinctive advantage for liberty? Shallreceive our aj mpathyIts eada we cannot even 8u>pect. God does not tellbetaebaad his plans. But by the clearing made for Are we to go over to the South ? 1 have Time is oa the side of right, agad ia on the aide the tiWMlatloas, the materials gathering, the workmen been litterested in reading the speech of Hon. Calss of truth and equity. For my part, I should diemay Htm. Wealth,aud and respectiully exoress regret and seek for their correc- population,we assume that one is as good as the other ?arte, aad eduea-to ansa. tbe gist of it is this, that the North baring yielded aad ness and of trouble of soul, if the North, my well be- S. la Use rest of the world there are signs, but more yielded, given up. and sacrificed all these years to the loved North, should fall in tbe hour of trial. If when remate, of good. Heathen nations grow weaker, Chris- South, the North is now to blame for alt tbe trouble — God sends the tempest among the nations of tbe earth, tlaa aatioBS srrouger. ChilsUanlty now rules the the North must now give up ail her Ideas and lie turnlDg and overturning them In the cause of liberty, world. Who may war, bow long, for what, with down boally before the Soutk. Yes: we see that so tbat evea Russia puUs ofl her shackles that she may i^oB, dependa upon tbe will of Christian people. stupenduous car of Juggernaut approaching, and that attain to higher liberty, and France is working with\ it may not lack victims Calbs ia already m the dust ber, and God still seadlng the raging teaipest, .'•tlrswhat a strange, tmwonted time! Can tt tie pregoaut plead tnat *' riguieousnese exaltetn a nation, aad tnat agaU.st alienation and disaster. The coatantioiH ofhas guided us thruugVi peril and darkness, and at ways tbe Devil. So Slavery someiioies rages, and this stage and be with tnem that sleep —mayAll thut—ASD HO MOUB I No mt.rt, tboogh tlie Heav- ens lalt. A'ci mOT-f, if States unclasp hands and theyIntjmic'atlon on the one liaiid, anil uucaught by cajole- ry ou the ult.er, but with all tbe form aud re^tard of law, and with perfect peace. But no sooner does tue telegiapU collect the result than pent-up anger bur.tithe: blessing ul God.By nialntsiniiig a consistent example, they recom- mtiio gi-odntss and win oiier mea to emulate It, and so lat Uiey I.elp to form tnelr cb-iractor, and tbui iii-Let they now will—Therefore let us speak aow.preparationsthe wril>pered scentof all these fiery council—Tbeie ctiildren are nurtuied wita thepeopleresalato] I aliaWe must be candid, and oonalderato of tba diS- perplextheset4ueatlons,andofthosethatsow thorns and har-; Press, or a pot-uouse brawlerlors.churches sud huuse.bold8. aie suit with the qutveriogshuck. Just when we have b-enly ci uitesies with the lutuie King uf England, our rtti:eouf. Tbey tbat go forth fiom it honor fathers,a littlerights, grace Hissubjeetanddependentcreatures. Wemayand think? They must atay there and have their we ought to iilustrato those priaei|des and precepts ofing to rush upondisonion. Meanwhile, to fan tbe ex- anu fruitful springs of theft, and fraul, and lili^tiuos and tbeof.^andand Speak freely and fearlessly vrhatw the other every flying and every lying ru-country privatependa not upon the freaks of parties, or tbe words of our own way. In all the txKnroentarles I have and kindness. Wewa. Bat upon certain natural laws, which are the ever read Noah's no ene has may ladlcate the policy of a State,our country basu^ionour fidelity to constitutions audconcerning Ark,fogndation of all prosperity. God's will in| nature is ever suggested any other mode of a preservance of a ruler, a cUlzen, as well as tbat of a liousehald, ahasty,but tootame, messagea.coiipacts.eeoDo^y, and if for want of faith In tbe two thlUKS as distinct as each other as Hearea and perplexities, it becomes us to speak with diffidence, safety of rectitude, you abandon sound and Hell, and one of which came from Hearea and the whenever tbe eommaudoient of God Is not specific.prorad lainclpiei, all jour good intentions other from Hell.will aot save you. The mariner who abould take 3. The growing Intelligence of slaves and their In-lefaaa in the great Maelstrom, itiinting it a safe liar- creasing numbers In pruportioo to their masters—tbebar kUI learn quickly ttiat good iutentioos are good danger of Insubordination and fevered anxiety—oom- questions. Tbe pulpit may err, or be divided, as tlie fsUaasilien not based upon natural laws ; while pa- promlse can not touch that either.pen iHpartles ate In full outcry, and aostmms are 4.adreittaad, and >cared politicians are at their wits' Why, you might as well try to stop the tides ofeada, (without having gone far either—daughter]) Ocean, or stop regetation in tne tropics. Till Heaven But it is a new doctrine, aad certainly a very vagaeand iaeo with weak niTuds bewildered stand imbecile and ofton **be iw power aad cease to attract—men will aspire foolish doctrine, that the pulpit basnotiiiogand doubling, know ye, that the way of peace is aad follow aspiration. Yen can not prevent the de- to CO with politics." You might as well tell us thatappetltopostpousdWe can not their preventand It ia a veiadon to un icrstand onlytbe confused report of a great tumult, and we butmoik, now, ment ta that ta which the are least coaseioaa peopleTbat any propoeitioB or any act that tends to In- «f betag gorerued ta which the highest public wel- ;iron ao use In freedom. AndthereifJrasp. The chargers will plunge awhile, going to the Sooth. God has aarer gltea you the mortar, or the leliglons part of a nation, and another for ibe irre-on's line. Tbe -Vorr* is of a divided opinioo. Oae and sovereignly organized, aadHim thanks tor ttds And now 1st oa to-day.But itto attempt yokedoes not whet the alwaysef tbeNoitbeitt Slates pa>sed laws to obatroetaad no ties ta eomaion, tlKre U iw guarantee of par- "running away either.themselves, and proved (ar from lafalllble.empty budgettalklBganydlfferetitlyeven homogeneous,rightswall thatbole.and night tbey flee away. ComproiBtoe Is a painted dlflereat talents and situatioas inthird more votes thanall the Southwere castbynagivefaUs lato tberound in tbe affording a pretty toy—a pleasiBg sight—but time firesand condition of 1. By matatalnlng the bl^Mat degree of lacsl indt- senice. Has anything, since then, occurred that pindtnre, europatlbie with a general goTemmeat at tion of the people. Their candidate has sigiiiiicantly gives us tbe right u do or approve of any measure once efielen and bee. Tbe roota of our llbetiy areItgklea fuse,camp, aU. Iftberefore,it benot liinding upon the former tobodydently do not meditate injury to the rights of any por-TMeln* pool, never getting beyond the agitation and tbe powder, and it eoataloa only deatroettea within tta consider the duty it owes to dvU gorernoKUt (and in-think, theycitemeut the telegraphand prisons, ^ut passinglikely. mayIt succeed? I don't know, be so mcyBut will she secede ? I don't know andto biad to tlireatening disqui- to oisapprove ol measures ot Government, we And let tu trust in God aad make our prayar to•• teno^ugb-! lyiaMmeaats, exolte-la e( be people. Ood'a Church meaoi the whole hu- ment Invariably rouses up the higher aauua Anoag I saT.agaln, we are bound as men of truth aad e pointed lor the nilfillment of Hisrlgbu'^Baaiaee.OuraeparateChorcaeaarebutdoorsto savaeesexcitementranksdownwards,andrages coBsrlencatolookthisthlaglatheface. Weci* presento^tlvliy,aadforthairrepsutroroasUeosaiuniversal of free aor eiS,^,J2>«f " rush into aslupupnrioea.akamt tlie comsmpaeaeiclh,of hoatn aiimuilversal lalnodve faloflfbifcaeIlmmUeanoatmoiBEgriStlh^eam'rd'o"',^"?'?I »«••- .'anoiTg a chrWiaa attd dvlliaed paoole. It works now look at tbe of thesea tbheIir wfiery my to iMlJ^"^,,""'' ba«^lofder ea- purposes—woild-battles on which turn. agesaw^. Tb,?! 'Jji"*?- or '*'cleanertbiista^ms. , ,j , ,to draw arguments.If weConveutltm we would, doubtless, have made the samewarebackbone is lit...T?. distance. MiTbtSSSi?^,.'*^-then OEce In four but now years— theyiieedom,reiigioa,all ihoir pre-thenBanks,troubleInthe troubleNorthandtrouble street,nesi:—«hatagoodlyspectacleit Is! ,powerIk it 'Is asked what we should do? Speak the truth.would bring forth. The harvest time has Fenrilt no measures or men. These half- tbiiiga puttbem, as well as by tbe v«a- abroad, it is not only tbat theysightto see them precipitateh.di p» ndeut government, ostensibly for the freedomof their sovereignty, butously on a purposetie noimal condition of their safety and perily, and to open the Slave-trade tn tbe faaa of tne world. In defiance of the baa, and bra^come. We are what we sowed, aai thevi half-wayreapliig way men are of no uie tbey never get to Hea-;and for the— canwitat tbey sowed. 'Tbey sowel to tbe wind, aad now ven—they are not known la hell, and are not 1. The adTsutage sud tncieasing influence of na- thev reap the whirlwind. Let us keep la view tbe wanted on earth. [Auolbie cacbihatim.] We wantof ilie aiicientWsnd resists lib we will not iflaws, cumplaiaers,alter iheir own excite Ve lusus disaffeciions,tumults and troutiles, are fruit of seed sown.ruler, respectis andlawfuuy supportwe d* mand. Is. tet each reap his orrni harvestourstatutes and tribunals, as law-ubUlng aad oifierly clti-;withoutHay we Let us bless (iod for it aU this day, ana joui our ba the way of govemmcBtsi aciloii, tbera ta aSouth—and the whole aimed down-Lot the take upoiuselvea to the exhortatloa of tbeBalaam's prophet to aeek the tn Ibe andcountry up>ldekeep then up oome these plethoric Dr. SangradosHow Jacob, tby taoemaclea,ot Ibe which Is our aadStomachs, prescribing and nodding withdig-it we seek the peace of our country we will seekand as cedar trees beside the water* I" we not sot unly its exemption fiom wars aud Insurrec- lions are — [andher own territoryhim ih'4t was separated from his bretiiren. There isiioae like unto tbe God of Jeshurun, who rlJeth upon power,the Heaven In tby help, and In His excellency on the sky. The eternal Gtxl la thy refuge, and uuder-them, wnats< everGod-si>ee<J.inas pi-os-tnemallthat historyhasyleldeo tbem. ButWousoeier Invokestoor to punish"That'scalmly praseat ooodldoa, uadeot- vIndlcatloB. Al tlu 1 were a mInUier or a crtiJSi''?TMi"^"'»- ,'^**'tbingv aad are bST upon our Imagination for eitherown land. Let tbemmesnlM; themselves aa good citizens wherecompelled facu orooncosloas that our fathers did. But not if we bid kncrwn as mach of tbe evil of Then'• Balkl theytors and there, are from rasa joamallsts dIsstuuUngmeasures, from rushing Into diauuiun without ade-lor thatcalled, whicbr US? children mSu^ i^JS?'?'?"but of draw fulfillment—peace."[Lautbter.] I seceded from my fa-own people, where the lines have fallen to us la^eas- United Churuvof the Nortb and the Soutti, aad her upoa our part as wcU as upon Ibeirs, from tbe ae^deroted 'l here, with groat confi- lessly offensive and— time canie—whea hungry, wet and tired I went Inland, not common freedom aad prinlege.iiut— tnterlsasintheworld whoseBiy supper cheeiftUly and went happily to bed. So it*Generalalpre- Mppres-ed.andItis time thisbutaucb jieldlogs, ahoukl da so, we should be accnried.fW6,and whose confiding,unu»,; I oiaks ao coioaga, aad deatroyed the Uiasouri Compromise— And moreaad lorerer." waiers, ijia fruiu of rlgbleouaaeasI could wlah that we Ui peace ol them that make peace. And is tnere nut of a aaIsayaoUdegabottttaeayet.might confine our uiuughu to th< coniemplatlua ofiuagpreeaa evil tbe ef the OfUr equaled by enormityoae wbich deatmyad It, aad what has been theeapeclally,p>.Ker IB tbe Werd uf Ceid and the prayer—periodly; Iwrapaattotk.ikeresult T wtokedness, excitements aad tur Ojowing.thataug- gesu this beautiful feast of Thanksgiving. The landttiuu>suls ol not for cloaeia,pio6cii|tion, but for tbe spirit of God, thepear««ole, gentle and easy w be en-grastdtal^lBtballaiaaBapartaribaaainlrr.molls ba)oad precedent Before then, we got alongand Its its Institutions for nistory.law and order andand hesrcnly "ibe wisdom tbat cometh Irom above thatnicelyfor education andcious fruits. Its health. Its bountiful harvests,without once In ten having great troubledove,isfiisttieaied, full uf meicy and of tialKV and without nvtiocrlsvt"years cotae at all elecUoa— BB election conducted ia tiie mi at proper aud coasti-;gom where 1 had tbe honor to Suiely. iibeccmesustooay to keep in view tnese cinnati, l(-U,agltatloo should owSe^aS— wish wwe dont touch them or in-With patty,neither hid them"oaUiy la hte (acebroie lorth such anburst or applause as caa oome spontahneaoruts poTweor;disttoato these deluatoaawsayU Instantaneooa andcies to It evea tlireatened to be too long, but Xr.SaBaaaaa letter sent^ tbem by fercmlah. H« ecfaurta tke* (• aa>itot.ur(>iaadslnttie tioiMh to whom we ha« hsTO notsettle down ia their beeaslsudeiee, to deolare ttils.'ibeNorihWuBtaay sack feellag,due to and to ouaorelety theexerd.ed over tbeir aa'islt. only from toe waa the object otlbe5eetTMf^',hS^ ^^prevaui to » Pr«^S2r.ST .^"^ "^^—ffirtabnetyedask us to make Uie air of tbe North favorableWe shall stand byCrawna once were of gold beaten out the peo- Slavery as good as Libel ty lor all purposes of mtUe- Wiat will be the result? I dont know. I can't say shall ovell in safety alone; tbe fountain of Jacob Whatsotvtrjactunuly opposes law andordsr, we will TItitinia branded it ta the Conyanttonthat framed airfor a slave's breath, we won'tourrlgbts, even aa they desire us to stand by their rights.(!kou'Godwillgivehispeoplevictory. Idonotknow whether he wUI permit the nations to move calmly ODward with a smooth sea and a favoring wind, or whether thieatening clouds shall burst with storms and tempests upon us, leading only eventually to the;from before aggrandlseriienttbe m in desperatlan to do ibat fearful Uiing, or tohare "whether our pathway shall be by long tribula- Liberty, At length tKith tloD, or by quicx sod easy work. But when night Is onUa pointing like the finger of God, and teaching which way toWill she Possibly. Wlil they form a Southern Empire? Ver[Laughter]sscedey ,Inourstreets,nappypeople thai iscculdbe or do wrong. And certainly nothing can ba ialXMlngand cbeer with theirAnd yet this day has been looked forward to by some, perhaps, among yuuisoives, wUhgloomy anticl-appeal ap-emptoyed^ we judge that no mean structure is atiout CcsBiHQ, at Newburyport. on the sia'e of affairs, and of aonow and of grief, of heart sick- clouds ul disaster, 'i'be sky. indeed, ts not clear, but piuve oppression because It! is profitable, we may Noterea the elalma of klnsmaashlp caa asoars naI. Shall we obbterate from our statute books every—there Is but one course—doUs assurance of peace amid the patlOLS, wblie its thankful joy has beea disparaged In tiuu, II In our prerogative as citizens we are obliged eivdes of Ilia timea.up0. Owrown land has not been behind. In this before it aud we are all expected to follow ! Shall old Europe, and Egypt and tlie islaiids of^ine sea and love that are nut dead In tbe breasts of mycoun'-y- "and blustermglly country ! with all tLy faults, I love thee sllll."marah.-af natlcos our country has kept step. We we do it ? [Sensation ]kaowlkby tbe victories oi i^car, by the recognition of 11. Shall we armprvmise 1ft muftt», by the nsrendancy of yustice, and by the Satan spiears In two ways. Whea tbe coast la America should be found with ber beautiful heaJ bent witaaaslag and ratifying raise of ail who love oppras- dear, be strikes openly up and down the face of the low—with her back turned to God aud Liberty—who sloB and oppressors. catih, like anaring Uon B<ekiug whom he may da- would not join tbe wall tbat would ascend from theTo-dav abould not be profaned by partisan con- voua. When he has not a fair field, then he approach- gTO iDlrg expectants of the earth ?KratulaiionsbutweshouldbeungratefultoGod,who essinuousiy,likeasnakelathegrass;—but he is al- MayI never see it No, may 1 rather pass from and liom the Insbiious counsels of cra'ty poitticai vMll seek tiiy fcood."they ail set their faces forward, looking toward themin; In the couilbg of Intemper le passluu in e-luiniiig reason and wisdom, justice and moderation;in their reviving fromdesponoency, and in the healthi- per that love lier. Peace be. within tby walls, and ssiih tbe Lord, thoughts of peaie and not of evil to er lone ol their courage: iu the joy of the Lord, whicn pi osi.eriiy within tby palaces. For my Dret irea aud give you an expected end. Then shall ye call apoarising sun of Freedom's dawning day,—oh! if thaa;" Pray for the peace of Jerusalem"For I know the thuugbts ilut I think toward yoa,I bo with Achito{.ibels, and a good riddance to all ** strange cult- How, now, can we best seek tbe peace of our coun- length brought ds furih with illustrious vlctcy, if we ope'nly makes unjust demands and sometimes, under that bright company above to whom a tbousHnt ycnrs crcii" wlio plci to divide and destroy, for ambiuooand try t 1 au.-wer :did not to-da> remember with fervent gratitude anl tbe form of Campromise, sneaks in the grass. But It Is as one day. and may 1 not tie cuoipelted to witac-ut niiirulH : wtiose* m«.utti .'p«-Hk«-lti vanity, aoa tnelr first of all,hy our prrs nawi ^wJUo^s^i \*y i^penting the re.-ult cf a Ireaklng up of this union.Tneyto take obligations as citizens, and especially as Christiansacrt- with foreign nations, liy enieriainuig Japanese Eiu- Lces of prayer aiid praise, 'i'liere are purity, aad saw lfifa» the mountains. God Is with us. The very therein ! And you. forsooth, will come like a sparrow tongues are iree. 1 do not claim fur them that they ba>sles, and by the reception and intercuauge of kind- lute, anu peace. Goo blesses tbe habltaiion uf therepublicWe are surrounded by airyhosts giaater than those which the prophets of old wiil.lu their grasp Central America anil empty Africa citlzeBS. Their lips should teach knowleJge ; theiraci.iLinui'liy.acmiuiuuii of tbe Lord. Tnere aie the;are booad, Is among us.rageofwirkednessshowshispresence,and,whilewe andbuildyourllulenestofmossandhairuponthe—blackstiengtueuing peacedailygay revelers,trembla. let us rejoice, not trinmpb, nor bustle, nor edge of this precipice. Huge and black It risespartisanUiema of iliscourse.mean to sweep the West like mightshall be the advocates of mereteiests.From the text and ita clrcamstances, the preacherschemes or factions; northatwhileprofessedlyteachingthewordmake laTtdioas comparisons, nor throw fuel into the as the darkest midnight oa the mountainflames, aireany too bet. But, with a sober joy, a tem- clouds lower upon lis brow, anJ the dark ocean howls of God, tbey may mculcate and enjoin their own nar- verge ol civil war. The public national uff.iirs are lute tbe air, and corrupt ueigntiorboods. and plot the tar sel/sovtmrnenl ; and the means by which tksaedarkperate aiut,beueficeiit joy, let us give thanks to God, and I sees at Its base ; but above it all Is God, darker that be has begun to recall this nation from a cnurse than all In his righteous Indignation.that woold have wrought utter destruction, and that BOW, tiiaugh waves are beating, and the teiapesl Is upon the i^ip. she has changed ner course, and heads right awBT from tiie breakers and the sands !ilut besuie that in these times there can be no sm/e•evifoiaa except that which clings to great aiuf uni-veruUfrmctflea. Fearwillbetrayus,selfishInterestwill batnr ur, vain glory will destroy us, pride willwreck. But justice and Utierty are pilots that do not with/res men, and not see the difference. How can a er and a very different This is to tbe and nullification for i.uitltication. Kxtrciues meet. ull Uie and sections ot tbe couutiy. Froma Divine compass—then beware of running into the very danger that wedread and thunthing. preachpolities of Heaven. This is to exalt that " higher Men of most opposite opinion playof tba AjMricaa jealiHis2. in 80 far as these contiguous systems of Slavery and Freedoji are concerned, the cause of complaint can never be taken away, unless we give up one be- lief,oneprlnclpieandonehonor. Moralapostasyis tbe only basis ff compromise.row, percooal and fallible opinions, as If tbey had ths authority of divine Ibspiiation. To. preach partisanFor tbe InRating contrast between the systetaarelations,andrepudia-willnevercease. NooompromlsecantouchIt. caniiol bring men educated In oppression Into contact1 specify aisu, as a measure f.)r promoting jieace, the I eilmmance and advocacy of all tbt^ obligations of jusilee and fidelity as between men. aud betweentop;ings,veryandspendtbrltts,pol-The advantages of utdtpendtnt nationalttg and popmYoukc. Even coloniespolitics le one tliiugto set forth God's holy truth, as it defines the duty of men as husbands, fathers, ohll- diea, rulers, masters, servants, in their personal life,icssioo. tliere Is b^roly tbe form, of itodliness, and the cur^e of Hciven rests upon tbe families that are Igno- rant of player, ami are traiued In sinful ways and idiuuciplii ed iie^lect;of violatedIn souie plsces, ur.der tliis pretext, lies tne uelioerate purpose and uuiiuaiitied resolve of jealous aniiittou.and theirTills was argued at length from po itieal e<»>aomy and the ,- bilosopby of history. The depressing in- fluence of foreign rule was shewn ia the history afand in their domestic, social and civilto urge their obligations to do justly, love mercy and walk humbly with God in all these relations. Is anoth-There are wild tnreats of nou-intercourse, oftion of debts, and ol various annoyance. At toe North there is recriniinaticn, and some rno.41 arrogant charge of arrogance, retaliations for alleged encroachintjuts,losstbebcrait. Tbey steerthey fcaow tbe hand tnat holds the winds and thestorait. it lsali*ays safe to be ri;*t, and onr busi- jaw, and if tbey are anplsasant thresh or swing turnneas is aot to much to seek peace, as the causes of —and where Legislatures pass laws that Its own citl- and tke Judge of all the earth, has enacted for the secession, and cool acquiescence in Iu From the 10 have and cannot obtainpeace. l.et us have tbe secret of God with us, and xens shall go to priaon If they dare to differ from the welfare of maakiad and for the glory and supremacy other side comes fiery menace, and there ia local urg- have iiot becsuse yc asa not Here are the impious all." Foreign conquest marks the decliae of nattra who can harm us ? "Righteousness exalteth a na- the great majority—bow can aueh a State compare of His throne. His and His and favor tobySlate In which thinking ia a where will crime, tbeytake a man and wring his thoughts from bis reluctantlaw " which God, the Governor the hands. Aboiluonists aud Dlsuni^mists a^ree. From tbey not hence, even uf yi.ur lusts tbat warlu yourmor, and a reckless Press engages in tne bouie man- e.'pecially,to-day, our duly as religious aud faithful 2. IndepcBdcnt aaHonallty, or the aatoaamy of Iha 1. Let us remember that our national prosperity de- own vray, and we must stay here and have icTelatloB, and reason, which guide men to justice ulacture of reports, Impaileut uf tbe tardy lighting, ciiztnstotle broader and more public claims that aaUon, ta Indtapensabta to the saetutty of parsoaaland outstnpplag and outheralding. and outrivaling its!Moacerllun States or ai mies. If we adhere to those order Uian by keeping the animals each in his own master or a child. Yet, in debatable matters of gov- ing for tbe latest news. We look, as through magni- American citizen, with particular relerence to the NarouoB malatalnit Franoa tolaelaad ladepandaal afsocial. BXirai and political truths with which this na- tioa made Its advent, we shall reap in tbe future whatplace. Now a compromise, no doubt, would have coupled the eagle with the aparrow, the lion with theerament and politloal eeoaomy,—as, for Instance, the questions of commerce, of peace and war, of slavery and eaaaaclpatloB, aad their particular aspects andfying glasses, at the staring capitals that exaggeratethe they lierald aad portend, and we devour all uimgswith a deUclons horror, which, however relishing,Fugitive Slave law. winch bad recently been enacted by Congress, and which was openly resistod by soaaa,Euiope,butoppraases Freaehmen on tbafrowasolLBut under a foreign rule, wbaa rater and subject kavawe hara lir tre leviedgilded exterior. It has ao good ia it; it caa eSset telligently perform it,) neither Is it upon tbe latter none of those things that are claimed far It Wby tell and if It be binding upon neither, it must f.llow tnat the Sooth you will return her Blares t Yoa caanot do ciTil government has no claim upon us, (nor have wehisto the point of Interpretailve laws, to admlulster the union, which was not in existence to prevent ita General Oovammcni did not create liberty for the na-" Fools rush ia where angels fear to tread." Good men are often dlvioed oa suck delicate aad difficultspirlukiep time and company with the fluctustiogthousand pami-blets were franked from the halU ofquireS that thara ba papular sslf-govemmsm in eachdudes.laused, thingsof a cIvOc- mpiomi.-ing. and iorbearing tbe varianttoer of aett ed pihiclpies. Your harbor did not lubricate the black man's foot and trip the haaler. I'd Socfc was not the position taken by the Prophet sy^t^m, and Congress enoiciiig tbat Diovlsioii of the Constitution, to which admirabta aaalysla of this.] 80 the riKhts (>f sta^T^S!?^"^ expedients, instead of &e pow-you,,objecttotbe personal resistance of the laws forthe town oiganisaUon. [Dr.T. heref?*f!i_l.°"^''*"'*?we maycome,whenremon-maintainanddefend r.fhts"/'«.«f«i.Jj}^S?""??!"^onlyenterprise. earth. Let a m»n do a and ita Jewish wlio, with their timations of a wish and a purpose to take away tbewisely modified:1i2°' To guardour naUonal freedom, Ihemu^;yourinluds o( bisIt was the banglrg of Christ upon the Hill of Calvary their mlsekieveos counsels. At the time of writing, even now in tbe flush of success, when, if ever, men that It has some ambiguous, or evenw oontrallaa-'"'' °°' "akotrafficmade thatmade andreckless,are nofaintin- it higner than all other mountalna of the the capttves la BabyioB were a detachment of ue would be insolent givingodious a coolerIf they govern as HeQjfft rioa-geresls. governs theyr compac^^fthe fear ofOadi I lapeat.has made this nation—not that wa hae*ha<nra baario dodge and duck and play in ail;*^"«ltuUon, but we woKlle to Tour slavas It can-grar.t that a Southern State, 28 years ago, openiy re- puiliiied and piepared with force and arms, to nulll-fy a tariff law ;m Convemion a.>sembled, not »"the takiunioiilr tricks of stateamaashlpf^?JKtraffic not createneedl<>sslyof ibeLbnl, and euraed be he who In the day of trial rwusablhe peapta to turn from that path, or cling tothe pratecting arm of ought besides the omnipotence «.<,ofourGodaadtheGodofourfttiwn. [vHeSrre:wnais°h,o-arjd.a5.w^.c.-,e-}e^-r2. Let us not then be discontented nor goUcltons o-mises, Instead of calling Ihe people to repentance must prevail, and, as It is intimated, is iiacly to pre- v( bo came to tbem fiom other Slates'"'- of their present humiliation and affliction, they fo- Bsowa. The Iriofr Northern pulpit is not now, aud cuttd largely by Northern men. with the connivance of r«1 denrlve or divest their pwoisthertihtye"Et ego in Arcadia." " I too fought at Agln- Noilheib ifEciala, and without tbe punishment of the eS?oVmMt"f life »nd liberty,anytfalng, but to bold Cut to trntb sad rectltads:doing of others juati^ us in doing wrong also? lam Utaing happlBeaTaad ""S4lth^,- im, «W«'If we away, and tell the South of unwiseIf P£'^"*Sroism like tbat would make a maa's an and be sou hearth altar. pbeu; lialthfullyhimself to counter4Ctor 10 it ; temptedanitheleodtogpirty,wbicb aims to otK-truct tbe law of the'nation. Grant Federal (Sovemmeat and any tendency»*«you. V/eujMnot buntorstonthu the obstiuctlve statutes of tbat^ June 12th,peopla;enough proclaimedpurpose,and isquiety awaiilag for tbe ttaie tbat God bad ai^ bosUt,Ktto,piMuaptniim divided. Tbeio is Bot Be find mraellobUged to them. I migbtplaiii gardens and eat the trult of take wivescause; are recogiiiziag tbe and afi'ec- loyaltycarauraUat a safetbadaU.qu.acy nearer home, withi voice, aad wbeie I may toand beget eons and daughterstliem; yeand take wives forquatetion of tbe Northern people wiio hare been miarepre-U^Z^^^ e hops ajlfr JS )seemkatyhebe incroefatsbeed there, aad not illminiahed. Aad ob lgatK;n, aud privilege of the CkiostiUiUon win conviction hnd reform. It la not votdt^H^Tyour sons, and givepeace city whither I have caused you and tlie (Sovemmeat under it ;Sreclotuhsat coucheth and eep beneath,for tne preciousnothii.gtbat tonds to dismemberIt,your daughterstbe truth of affairs and the"progreaaIhe question cf itself. "Tbere la, ia tbe nature ofatelemonlratbig,causes of and are couaselingthe Cbuiebuf Cod— rather, when we yea,for In tbe peace thereof ahall have yeour " Uonc miDg fiom Ida Ups, had Ibe fores of a decree UnloB-it must end shall' be breserved ;" it 'lafor it ;May we not aultably apply the advice of the text tomoval otailenailuBceas and neighbors, as wpil as us,wbS ' iS mthings precious tbiags of Ihe lasting hills; aad fur tbe precious things of tlie earth and fulness thereof, and for the good will ofai«ifor suspicion,tbe fe^r,aor Insia'lng upon tbat famoua toaat tmon^u-—partsof blood aud aad*« ifn^mnfaaal V oemasogues, I woold theyciuU haIsrael!Asthe valliespeacesliallttoa, but from alt tbat toads to dissension aad tumlt erouslipsofthedylLgpatriaiciwhenheDles^edhis V\etvUleiideavoitopromoteallitswelfare,itsin- culliesthatHim that dwelt In the bushon tbe head of Joseph and upoa the top of the head of joinneath are the everlasting armsstiail thrust out tbe enemythre, and sball say, destroy tnem. Israel tiien promise peace evu-aueis,—— strange children seditious children, sons of Belialwhose mouth speakelh vanity, and their right band Isdignityallmannerofstores tbatour ;sheep may bring forthI for no submission toTbat that there be ; thattherebenocom-plead and'tLe divine 1abjectthethe lies of the tesder tiessgitatorsmercies and thankfully Improve them. Instead of siue, and of which, whea be lieard of It Hssar this censtanily rectirrtog theme of dtaeordour aatloDBlof tbem to c asloar what peculiarly pertalas to us as body of »,i> charches aud 3,W)U pieacbers, s,>reailnc eTsrtailuiceiaeet with thair deserts.There U aaotber, aad a eloienIbU asgry eeabrovenr, wUeh i bare not anL aSoneand joy He in promoting (law, and] '-liberty and siiUient forces a mighty power (ur iu all thetaod.whoseone aad now it sows, btsiae aU goodConsittatlon. iateparable,destiny,"aaletypeople—was by aequletoadlabyall paitaa for nearly forty yeara, upos aa acknowledgel poltoy—thoserichmerclea, Ifweonlykaewthem,—prayer many taction, not for tetadcalwithits enitcbing Inoustry and trade, Its peace abroad.doctrine Is one, teaching erery- wbere alike, ana Its heart 1- MitlK Beart of one maa— tl« guloe of Bullions ol our is in ail lu eoa-Terrllortca. IcanonlysayMefljthaiSetluit Is going up from thousands ot from altars,Tte Compioaiiae was bald to oe maraUy MBdMj,.aa 1 ks repeal wss legarded as a breach of Daltb of the mast s«ilousImportance. Itliasbeenafruitfulqnasdoat( atilfe. I cannot but hope, howerer, that hereafter ttbrethren are like the bsrs of a castle. Who is bar ler hope 7 Will not the clouds break away, as ottea be- nation. There is dignity in tne candid ackaowl- to win than a brother offended? lastmmeato fore ? Is tbere to be no more ciear sbuilng afler the ec-gmentof eiror, and glory in undoing wrong, aad are good ; means sre not to ke frantically rain ? Our trust Is in God, who rules the host of hea- pence in doing justly, loving mercy, and walking disparaged, but lift not up your bora sb ven and governs tbe affairs of men. Our hope is also numbly with God. There is ueliher of these in strut- high ; speak not wttb a sufi neck. For promaltaB cometh neilber from the East aor from tlie i¥es', aor Irom the Suuth; but God ia tbe julge; He puttadh down one aad sctreth up aaotber. Let ua look to Ht^only wltb panic, dissension and ruin? Is there no bin is a reproach and an injury and a loss toanymy country's disgrace. Bittro! It wlU not come, it n^lit liand is a right hand ol falsehood. of cui sins ; L.y tielievlng in Ct.rist Jesus fur pardouby consecrating u;ul7( en with the exuberant harvests, and the chan- peace, to walk with Him lu all things that are holyand choked with the ss- and just aud good. Cbristiatis tbat are sucb, indeed, RET. DR. J. P. THOMPSON'S DISC0I7RS& jieiabuiicance ol their irei^htage and tbe p iralysis of aie. as such, gojo cltiuus. They serve their gener- Rev. Dr. Joseph P. TitoMPSox, Pastor of the Braai-is the same Devil always tIt by tnis ts meant conciliation, kind intent, fidelity shall not come- fur when this last great con- And yet, I repeat it, what a remarkable time, what a and justiheauon and sanctificatiundevout Ihatikrpivlng, the resurrection of Liberty fromihe grave of tbe FathtrsTbetreeoflite,whubeleaveswerefortheheiiUngtoagreements—wewill.Butthatisaotwhatis flictcomes—wheatheknightslullpanopliedstriigejonrtuieItis!Tliclandisliterallyouer-ouiselvestoGoo,Inlayhtgholdofhiscevenautofpiospeiltyoftlienailortaourpiosparity.!;of tbe nations, had been evilly dealt with. Its boughs Dieaut by compromise. We honestly wish no harm to are ready for battle, aad their sympathizing colonists had i>eea lopped, lis roots stoned, till Its fruit -vas the South, tu their commerce none, to tbeir manufas- range tliemsclves around their respective chieftaias.nels (if commerce aretrue to true lo justice, to eqtil'y, to the law and bettor branches, 8i<d ui>on its trunk tbe wild boar of families. We neliaer envy nor covet tneir terrlto- behest of God and his desires. So. we'll wa-te no the farests wbetted ris tusks. But now a^aln It ries— we are not jealous of her honors. All that bslongs superfluous tears, we'll tnist hi God and the spirit of blooms. Its TO- ti^ h:*ve found the river, and shall not to ber, all that by tbe Uberaiest constriicdon, was Cluisiidnity among the people, beilevlng that we siiall want again. The B'-ilts of bitter fruits are blown out, In the original bond, shall tie hers. No political hand endure for many years yet to cotno. an<l tbat the >viLl youngest men.ber of this congregation sball, until hi4Uf-on its tup had been set grafts of bitter fr;uolatrs1.y.that grew and sucked out all the sap from thetures none, to their husbandry noneTbe balance of trade wtta all the ation accoidiiig to tbe wi.l 01 Godwurlo is iu oui favor, and at the same time oui finan- tlai purifies. ai.« as liubt tliat shines to gladden tuenone to tbeIr We will be fotmd—our country will be found— ;gorgednone to their churches and Lli>ertythey are as saltscbools and collegesuts^ Ol teeth In ourcitn s auii of cuoiuierciai rjt;i. Alter tiuili. Tbeseiiai.ts of Ucdare not brawlers nor re- m;ott otthem."his thickets. Tbe n1r i^ fragrnnt in its opebing buds, guard ber inland border from all vexations from with- dying year, even when his hair snail be white like tiie :i prclini;iiaiy coi.tesl of keen debate and sciioiis pur- bellious, but juintie aid ju-t aud \o\\us anl loyal. Dr. THoursoB opened with an allnaloa to the eap-and mighty speiusmei) have hunted the swine back to shall )ob ber. We wlil defend her coast, and waviitt rirhiti. Men's beans aie failing for I'e.ir oi cluuii- Tliev can do i.otbing against the truin, but for lbs tbemseives and their go^rnor shall proceed from thethe young fiult is settinn. God hath returned an-i looked upon it, and, bebMd, Summer Is in all itsand111snow, come up here to spend hi -annual Thanksgiv-—a war ol principle, a stiinul .ti:J oii- pose coatroveisyTi.ey study tlie Ihtligs th«t make lor pea(;e. They tivity into wbicb Israel had been seat under tbegroat opprssaorj(oliawlaci;fealtyloveof — GoJ;:theniu\iug power.;Tne eyes of iteu, aiiu guice tue weary and tlie wandering.way Tabernacle Church, preached from thet< xt :outto tbe Cuiiftitutlun and fellowstiip with the States, wa irg-ViisU, in<i with growing earrfslnees. to fulfill to the that God who lias given us Liberty—good falih, in earnest frtenUahip. in—acious for us and our child ren.REV. DR. KREBS' DISCOURSE. THE CHEISTIAN PATRIOT.Rev. Dr. KaiBS Dreacbed in his church yesterday, from the following text :thankstiivliig grou.ided upon tbeLiberty, so pre-theare exeelieiit, and to Snow v^li.*t thuy ought 10 do to reniiial Itesicential clecui.u wlUi reiuarkarnti ear- others as they would have oiiitrs do to lueiu. Ttioycial lias come well to a dead iouk system uigb!coubtidly liieieiciicesof providential reuibution, that the!GuD hits appelated their bounds. 1. 1 he secret Intention of those men who fom<;nt you to be carried and unto the we are in the mid.-t oi a c <m- 1 1:1 re tbey ate rriests, and kings—a coio3i- fuU civil aad the substance ufbyaway captives, pray qLei.ce, prophets, Ity,TBEM BsEAK>lot till the sea drives back tbe shore, and the .Atlan- this tiouble, cannot be met by compromise. They Lord for It ; for in tbe peace thereof shall ye have mticiai and financial panic. Aliiiough lis. first natioii of uflices with wnicu God has iuyested them, gu\arnmeattic aubmerges the Coutinent, wlU this tumult mean an Empire for slavers, and they mean Slave- peace."—Jeremiah, xxli., 7. ai.d fcurfuiest alarms are passed away, yet that, by il^ttuy,exeiclsing tbem, they may bless their 1 he Jewishof an angiy people move the firm 'decrees of trade. That is tbe root of.lL They hlje It. They There are times whea it becomes the duty of the fii anciers tibc statesmen, and merchants an :. traders, uwi. bouse bolus, and maki' tbem. In turn, a blessing toGod. He who came to rpen prison doors, wUl not say It alone among themselves. But this is ministers of religion to instmct their bearers on their ai'd eveiy complicated mierest penetrating Into our soiieiy. Religious b> usebuids are the greeu spots ia stantialiy a free, popular governmenta popular\vi^ibermore accuraU Cushi with theas defined in tbe Conslitution. is so far a measure to upon liie ireedom of tbe lodiriduaL Goveiamaatting piideobstinacy.Is our stiergth, and iu the couiuslou of scberues and CI mpaniuus' sakes, 1 will now say: Peiace be witniB me. ana ye sball go awd pray unto me, aaIour deliveruuce fiom the biuken sway of demagogues, ttec. Because ol tne house of the Lord our God, I hearken nnto you. And ye shall seek me and fin I ma,wi.eels have been bloCKed. We are embarrassid 1 1.e moie L.brisliai>s in a laud, tbe more good citizens. Jeremiah, xxx , 21 : "Ami Iheir nobles ah ill beef fairlyarc wi;e to know the tiu^cs, to :ij*provenesluess aud determiiation uf all parues, unawej by ate a jiowerm Ifie land. They draw down upon it pose the y oke, in turn sball be brought to bear it Batto no smalloeiirec by sec ioual ciaitns andthings t.141lawshall be made to feeland we wereon a sudden we Lave luuud ourselves on tauall in agitation. A feeling of jealousy aud ex.^s.>era- desti uctiun of lniio.>nce, and sun to tbe excesses oftion and i-ainlul appiehensiuu pervades the Country. riot. 1 spear of leli^ious households, not of the babl- btrtffits can be preserved and perpetuated in this aa- At tbe SoutL tbere is the threat and marshaling of dis- tkiiuos 01 tbe wicked, where. If there is even tne pro- tiun : 1. Independent natiouallty favors tbe higbaatmother,enjoyingan era ofgoodfeel-and motbers. and fiienus. are not Tbeydeduced thefollowingunion,ui.der thep.earights;and, perhaps.interior of a development];>eoplecountry.some widely extended,it for the favorite candidates of the South. The great from eatb oilier, in climate and soli, and the forma civil liberty."'=''—you made the harbor. Your did ^le wUUngly, triumphantly, before I would give ap a Jsreaitab, when ha wroto to the captives in Babylon. tie Supreme Couit cflectually bar him from en- all have assented, which requires fugitive slaves to be jeatousiy guarded aader the Federal Constitution, we".y^ZPH"\ «"»• commerceshipsfugiUve «itiiin my protecting power. A deed of he- They wve ia danger of being mUled by false pro-croachmentand even if be were inclined usurpation,rttuineo, and to object furtfier totbat Slate legislationmust watea agataet any usurpation of P°'^'''l,,]^your commerce made »htos,aBdyoti made the coimnerce that made the°" iBctories oil*"(".'*?}••;^"S.'.TM'°i"U"lUes,yourtreaUesandwouldbe rightthing, aenUment people, King,hadbeencarried offencethathasbeencreated the;featuies. which migbt t>eand a more caridkl bourstrances and argument may remove those offensive wbicb that freedom Is based. "omnipotent forever. This is the truth, aad some years before the desuuetioo of Jemsalem causes of justby disloyal legislation ofjmj l«»l»UtIon did B„t create naUonal prosperity0«fpiu« greataess sprnng from our obedience to God'sat|i«l«*d moral taw. We had men trained to cour-aM ta Tlltae, to wisdom. And manhood conceived papers they will go over the land, and as the papers in Judea aad Jerusalsm^uader the government of Zed- York basnet followed the ill-advised example. At removal, nor to beget confidents In your fidelity to 'difl-erenlly, it is a lie. aad tbe final overthrow the government, by Nebu- hasty, passionate,My words are, 1 see, being reported, aad in the chadaenar. Another portloa of Uk people remained some of tlie Northern States. I thank God that New- chicanery of law, is not tbe way to acoomplisb thea a'"""'.JX Seklab, who mar be regarded as a kind of viceroy, tbismomentthe Legislature of Vermont tbe first I the ronsUtuiion itself. Grant that the " Personal ir^.e'^^'^&-y'^Ti^l^.LB^ \ia ftaiiar of Ood has made this nature. These are Charleston. AndIshall bfl creators oa the earth. Manhood conceived in ^nf'i^'io'^»iT"'.K "?•*"' '"'""^l «o «ir impact we among the [leople false prophets, self eonstituteii tion and of tbe law of Congress respecting ittaliatinn for some alleged wrong els«where; and .•ion'oTt.b^osi^l:i„g^h.t.s- «w-a.s wm^atha law obstructive of tbe Constitu-want to say to my Southern under control of the King of Babylon. There were believe, to pass Libeity bills" were fraioedjo a of Utharcltlon^oformally consideringquestionwa'tc'^mfhec^Lf 'i""" "'^oST'thJurder'^d return of the eapUves and (he restoration of independ- Siste, under the force of an argument, learned anvon w7tL]?fugiiveslaves, ofia,n eii "not all Virginians, "Amerriicans, but all men, "«•..".^ °f''^!lparti^fTTUi^ aad restored to tlieir of homes, tliey wets tn dangert >Samuel, xviUiW-31.flea totajr tbat our brethren South may not beblama. was^ echoed JulykoUltHMteachers, impudent demagogues, and pceiido-patriuts,is repealingwho oracularly predicted tbe speedy deliverance andiIgrant that in some States or cities, thebut because we bar* lived and counselled in the fear riSon. .„H MtV t. '.k"" '°^« »" """« ""-e hills to bide ence. By Infiammaiory harangues and delusive pro- lef al, logical and convincing, as it seems to me, tnat excited cllzens have repeLed and ejected free cltizeaa character, or taherliance, but, ."IkIJ?^-!.^ sS2nay, nay;!and grant also Iree and have Inherent rights, of which, when thar ^M»^^K^e^'^^-;TeLrt"of'°tSS and reformation for their sins, whii^ were the cause vail. Tbe uvkale North has not apotbeosised Joua tbat In seme places, the slave trade Is futdveiv prose- enter iSto a state of society, they cannot, by any ooa-mented discontent and incited turbulence. "The Jews *murmurtng nunbla u of ant.- in Babylon were exposed to theae evil influences. court." Vi&i 1 not born by Potomac ? Are we not ail the Courts here or there.—What then ? Can the wrong- qKg-S.dPo-io.ring PJ"P«ST'^h"tia P;^i2.?^itapplause, which was; es- fproeusdse"d.h-sh" Irom railousbStanUy huJheS bJ'J Usder the deceitful hope ef being aooa emancipated Inheritorsof our ooantry a history TmatttaotaraltomUntitled Documentaud Idlers, a: d debauchees, to:they sball pros-Presby- hoeuiltyto theS eroatodtto Unioa.great the Oult aadfaoati-and He ism, ul oppression, and pruinutc (be piracy. Are we willing to (To aught tbit may drive:andof—itauatalns. anatnew.rmeademagogues usurpers, or to to so will not we.compUciiy with tiiat iafernal traffic." as Uasoa ofFederal Constitution, wbli.b even now aa a atill,people, tbey depiecaie and would aaactlon as relae- tantly aaourtelvs.and thou, Shalt tread upon their highgrateful prayer of the patriot king, the manafter God's foim, or a tunclionar) that justifies John Baowif's raid, New Orleans, tbe sympathy aad alms' of (hexshallens sball drop downdcw. Happy art thou, O Israel who is dke uuto tnee, O people saved by the Lord, tb« shield of tby help, anil who Is the sword of thv ex-not give 11 our sympathywhether it be a prostitutodwhether it be a frothy demagogue ur poliucal adventurer, or dough-faced and uiit-eatii,g sycophant, whose diplomacy is pelf,arbitrary power despotic rulers. adectno sym^atoy with that bund arrogance wnlcb shouts, "Our country rii$ht or wrong," as if it never;par-nay everceaseto debateInCoa em.prOTOta gi Ferwhafi*tbewbeiice c*»ine wars auo fightings among you? Come Revolution when he salil, " Britain Is too mipallsinto each other's gaveamong nations, one side ccme goadixig, taunilog, jeering, to drive into u.eiiiieis? Yelustand nave nut kill aud desire America to govern it justly ;too ofitto ignorant;audye fight war, yet ye ern It well;andtoodistant from It togovern;yegov- tt attut-'v^^t Ua- "spectcourage,simple pushto pray cxtenaloa tato tbe new Verrltoriea, which wiU aetOs1»a coaaploa-tasympathy snd love these regions far apart and to ftvawUwhen ye sball search for me wtth all your heart" ia ti.e pesce of the land shall ye have peace. Who caa hope to escape If those calamities como which may baLe-t us at teast preserve our couscleace. Let as consider our owa Ii.terest aad ba assuiad that taaTen ago, on this day aud in this freedom. Not that national autoaomy aad parsoaal yearsEven the aooer andmoie tellable journals must feed the voracioua crav- place. 1 set forth wy views of the obligation of the fieedom are identical^ tba taeammaat of Learnfur thebreakfast Thus, the flame of excitement is fanned, nullify it. by means of what are called Personal soaal beadaok. Ualeas tiia State Itself ta free, la- discord and alienation are fomented, secession and Liberiv bills." (fThe sentinneuts 1 then advancad, you tdvicoata aaderthe State cannot be free.disunion ate stimulated, and panic Is fed; while our approved. Tbey were printed In tbe journals. Five S. baaidaa indepcadani uatlunaUty, civil liberty la-that it, tnat the Govemmeat wisest and purest statesmen have differed among Ahimaaz who comes running to open bis ignorant aud 1 know, have yoa. But, however tnat may be, I ra- admiaisiaicdin taeir taterests. Tbe oen Govera-ess and sent throughout the land. I bare aotand we are on the look-out for every officious cliauKed my opinion fiom that day r neither, so tares ihailtaiily lapreaaatthe WlU of the people, aad »oregistersof tiie Stock-board and the produce market;lungtuuependcBt natton;thrust hbn aside with trembUng sipectaUon of tbe fringe upon the rights of the people of the Slave Stales fare ta secured, with tbe least poestbie inflingemaafinews tnit is to over-whelm every patriotic and loving heart mth grief for beget aheoaUou aud uliimaiely to dissolve the Union. siioold have power adequate to protect tba rights mmkinrespecU, though of one blood, widely differiag Inquire how we caa maintain aad perpetuate thtafeatures, but surely nulificaiion, by force or by tbe1iity of our civil liberty, aar^i'to^polity,by Moses, ;'pa«sionate spirit prtim of Vlrvt»-;as laid downwas sob- each tribe was and tbe several tribes were unitsd by hisloiy, religion, customs and a community ofin-caanat Uui.e under a atringent rule from tbe parent coiintry.Italy, Hungary, Poland,TiiouAS PAiifKphilosophydAde*hbvy t^pePopT lne17Abft70." "?lrest^ MIiubiI^IA^« ''"5 °"l."2 52;namely, tba means of m».I Thomas M. Tryniski 309 South 4th Street Fulton New York 13069jh"www.fultonhistory.comrngsmmmm 