 ^•remarkable restilts fnftti its work- withdrawing its trade from the North. Weimpress impressiveofMr. CcsniNG.'anceThe persons who are, to the great disgrace of chosetts and Europeour City, the most fleeced and swindled emi- this would drain byIV>Ae OommiisMmi* Baud adjournedThehe has left off the Senators r^resentfa* concludingthatnon-residentSensto'r»s^"w'*"VTM^fl^"M»y'1Kd»'^H<>tir ^tfity^wHiBJBlte^JwM^^n^thre* h«an lait nlgU, and finally adjcmrned ts better adapted to plijaical labor, and of an uni- whiefa is, after aO, the greet end and attn of orOMefnpHattomi. ItisqaKepoMiMethat Ths AmfeieA* bmi to Jatait.- -WfckawMonday avedaff. Both sides of tbe question w^re formity of which we have no experience on the all government. If we wish to make the City Gbe HeraU and other masked agencies of ttte ceceived«a acvanl^warioaa later iheadatleiqth. TheChnrchseemstobeequallydhrlded. Bo far as the number of speakers go, the Atlantic slope. It aboanda in the finest timber, safe and pleasant for strangers, supply them Abolitionmbw^tobk nirtii>iiiiB>ia»ti— B<<m»g.«wti^ itocatrofthe Stock in the day was in- prosperity a State than are the precious sprinklethe streetsrepreaentations andtrade. Bothr-TOBK mdra (IMI7) bpMUbatimrr -'   «Bjaa-PriMTiraaMB,nm««tll3tForeign Kxctange feU to 108i®108J on I,ondon.and are courageotis. Thousands are true to themsalvas they likelyto re-of the Golden State la rej«loin« o4lk thtupm- ing of this new Held for AmefteaA eafe|pdaaL These facta indicate that the oooipMioD ofikt Pacific Railroad wouldiksnnr-TOBKTafH (a«iii-wMUr>-«ataB€b- tk«KEW-TOBKTUU8(WtakUr)—Tw*Oouibi•An Extraordinary Cireamitance. WeareamazedtofindthatourneighbortheM «M aUTMi, te Twwljw Doiuaa *««Btraoi>iM,tO(aHaMnM,fcrTwiinTl>ou«BS. iliwAbout1,100balesCottonfoundbuyersatuniformrates. Coffee and Tobacco attracted more atlcu- villages—on this natural highway of commu- an invaluable aid in taking care of himseir.affindoasflirnfilagun Mr. of commerdal commimlmtion wUta ^h» Baaftr«vt*« ea*l««.:Tribune does not like the speech made by Bavkons at the Troy Union meeting some timetion. Sugars, Bice, Codfish, Mackere ffTMKMiUnvtus CM«r(iMiil]r (r M«n,IMUt« M- Leather, Tallow and Spelter were inquired for. Naval Stores were lets active. Iron, Lead, OiUsWe plan,tim*Xmi»ftknn1batimmm. MM.biwimvpw*,* ••<teilDClsaeplas.Tmt.freight engagementswore Tory moderate.of beats, shorter beats, and the enforcement of a New Tear's morning. The Tribune la ao way travel and freight will demand, even ifTmiM—OMk iBTaiiaUr In tdTUM. *Senator lTcno»<a Speech.importanceB.'8 perfonnancea, and Mr. B. is ao mach inor around comers. Add to this a the habit of consulting the TribvaWt tasteaAll Mtcn «D k« adHrMM* •• Um Hiw-Teuandis•F-Vnck OltT.A»«««—M iMa BT»alBS>speech in the Senate on Monday. He first placed himself on the stool of repentance and confissaed the ain of having formerly advo- cated the doctrine of ofconspicuously in motion, and not lonnge doorways——m asr Oac»—Tm Ca» u cbuovs.generallyall its maiTow. Now, we think thet* is a snperflnltr of tbls ktsd of talk wherever there Is any of It at all, for It does not satisfy any want In the public mind.Ato-day, relative to'reati.HHequalOaitix,Mr. Calvh seeksSon P»B«»Mi!to»— Au.ia« Gutmrsto the demand, from the They must be educated at home for Uieby^,WAIiLAOK'S THKATRB—HOTMJro «> O*""-*"Dmcs, 0»Oregonpopulation TheyAI^BAinr. ImpDitutMuaambimitttiiiUtkitans Fmt*LaUBjl KXiarX'8 THBATM-J»A«"!>B(A»OF•Mip-LoTBuy.of them backwoodsmen, hardy and laborious, andforwhichhe thepioneersofanewState,wtM,indevelop-dulgence which magistrates affuird to emigrantrunners and bullies, and we should have abecause it would he a sj^aigm of which the speech, without going out of his way.""^~comes us with the freshness of a new uponsenaation. We took it for granted instantly that our neighbor must have some very solid and substantial reason for its dislike of thatBOWCKT THEATRE—BoTS axk «I»l» 0» W« P»l»- »»T r>iT—WOMJUI'S WaiHg—tH« BMSIIT0D8.KKW BOWIBT THKAtBB—LoiB ef TBBlM»*-a*»«t BVIKHAM—BUAK 0'lj»!«.POLTIBCHKIC INSTITCre. Brookljo-D»*TtOH'iing its resonrces, amidst hardship and priva-tion, are the foundations of civilized layingsociety amid primeval forests, in a region lull administer a serere castlgation to Senator of promise, and which enjoys richly%>m ofprotectionforstrangers,Piuouiuioia.TkUkOtk 8AMDKN—Tab ASKtMa * (>•' VuMnn.nBU>VSALOOir—Osoiai Cunii'* MOSUJUA.AOA9IKT or DK8IGN—JtOBBmoi * Miokot's Pliar- ON " TBI Horn or 'WunsaHiii Araui iBi Waa."OBATJV :T—Ke. OS BtouIwat—PAuat'i iAH%~Ta CAjmra."NEWS cSf the DAV.setdeaigaed <6r the ptoleettoaafII tiimmiIHe should remember, too, thatnnalaltesOne Ot the most appalling catastrophes whichhaa ever shocked the country, occurred yesterdayat Lawrence, Massachusetts. About 5 o'clock inthe aftenoon the Pemberton Hills fell with a tre-mendous crash. Six or seven hundred operativeswere at work in them at the time, and the lowestestimates state that the number of those buried inthe rains wa« at least three hundred. Eighteen sire not to interfere dead bodies had been extricated when our dis-twenty-tive individuals had boaa taken out mortally injured, and fifty others,w,kkk matt have attended such heart-sickeningthe fools."If he would make him-years, and)fsr cruel and inhuman treatment, ptovideil that a Una*ityWlflftt:wo thousand men were at work with thatEuropean languages, and free of access toall comers at all hours of the night throughout.... ALsinr, Taeaday, Jsa. 10. Albany and Soaqaehamia Kslhoad, moved the teaa-should describe with some minuteness eooupromptthem,firebrokeoutintheruins,and theprocessofconversion,andnotcontentthat branch ofNorth, and that this Northern trade being either "brass oreueigjexpectelicit its praise without exhibiting any of theto which such suffering as they witnessedchange,themselves with the mere formula of a confes-sional which exacts noindustryin theto sait the Tribune's tastes, withoutia teo niootes the whole mass was covered with asheetofflame. Therescuersweredrivenback and «Uiged to leave the remainder to their fate.dried or even up,will callfor the bills on the manufacturers of Massa^SpecialCommittee.Agrasdtoby 10 to10.of Congress yesterday, were receivesthem without' nowithout especial importance. Mr. Gbkzn, of Mis- souri, had the floor in the Senate in response to the sfeecb delivered by Mr. Pdgb last week, ad-repent-as he WeareratherinclinedtocongratulateMr. misaionersofRecordinNew-Tork.proceedings" church.temper opinion.appa-PUot ActAlsotorepealthesetetastiiigiha BondofCoa-the Douglas view of Territorial rights. Mr. OKStli entered into a laborious discassion oftheHr. Spnou Introdnced a resolnUon oa aO caUlsgWKauagRaymond, though it is probably not a matter ofgreat importance, that the Tribune finds no the last election. Laid on the tabU.positionsunusedtothewaysEachdayof Mr. Docglas. argued the iasin-Anti-American Board party seems to be In tlie minority.whichhehadPopular Sorereignty, duly repented,sys- which /would indeed rob a visit to New-York 6f its terrors,asked the pardon of all good Democrats and ofthecountry. Havingthuspurgedhimselfof—stranger could avail himself at every step, and as we could, we waded through a long column Thethis he to grave political offence, proceedednot the wholecountry, appreciatesshould notof tills gang.dicting non-intercotirse between the North and South, disunion and a complete social, political__ menced within thirty days afisc the exirintioa of tkaterm of insurance for which abe depreciated, nor the service which securedbvne's censure. It is, to be sure, a little be-,Hides, Solenication. When this continuity is established,want, in short, in addition to the Mayor's—at least for the aai- tranqiortaamo(J||htit forgotten. Mr. Douglas may have sinned should be an office,aotsiagiva,ttsplsla-atcannotjoinin the wholesalecondemnationof streets.before this. The eflforts of thatplace journalto bring about the end it desires so much, have;but the countrylargefrfun the hands of thesharperswho infest ourthe receiver of aa insolventoMnpaay.wasforwardedmora or less mutilated, had been rescued. These opinion or for his fidelity to a principle which, carried out, or have it receive at all events Day by day, we are informed that NorthernAlbanypatck;dotaila the telegraph gives us as a slight premon- ition ofwhat must yet come. Amid the confusionadopted and maintained against the clamor of alan^ter, it is not strange that efforts to arrive at party, and in spite of Executive proscription.increased since the incoming of the new year.Incorpontsd eoaipa:^ta *«tsa statesman for his consistency of politicalwe area fair trial, we cannot help warning the Mayor, and everybody else concerned, against expect-whether right or wrong, has been deliberatelymerchants are turning away clerks, curtailing their bosiness, and failing because the South ishe does, let him make himself "petaoa.Ur. Toosans' bill to amend the law of dlnres al-noisyenough lowsadiVoroeforadesertionforthreegentlemenpenance, fnrit meet foruponinand that such a call as"into the full comjnunion of its political"specie"heats and passions of must know as little of itspandemoniam,""Twenty years ago," said the Senator,Whig party was a great power, but now it is swallowedupinAbolitioniam,whichformsa ownruraleveryedifice creditscrumblingaboutourearsand whichreturn—he Usurylaws.Hr. RoBiETSoH, of a bill to amend the HoU Oatstineeiity and inconsistency of that gentleman, andenancfated, as the only doctrine that could satisfy controlling element of the Republican Party, and wiles of the town. As they wander a picture of private distress, social discord,the South, the right and obligation of Congress to with here and there aolitary exceptions of a murder and national ruin is held to through the streets, they are beset by sharpers, bloody upof noise, brass, and the "of passions pande-pronde by law for the protection of slave property few old and inert fogies, like EriRtrr or Rob- who them all sorts of and view, as tlic eternally " impending crisis" of in 'the Territories. Before Mr. Gkkkn had con- give information,moiunm." It isthat, even in pervisors.barely possible To make general election days public hoUdays.cluded, the Senate passed into executive session KRT WiNTiii-.oi', who never controlled a vote, or end by establishing such confidential relations the Herald- The Journal of Commerce, Ex- and subsequently aajcniined. The House was also gave form or shape to any political meeting." Mr with them as to bring about a press, and kindred journals North and South,these days of excitement, there may be well- To make preferred causes of those In which !•««• conducted citizens and patriots who like it tors or administrators are sole plaiatUb or <Mka- none the less on that account. If coolness dsnts.given over to the Ultraists. Mr. GARTKKLt, of IvFESo.N is certainly fresh enough in his histor- ©eorgia, added his voice to the Southern howlagainst the Bepnblicans, and denounced the Anti- ical recollections, or readings, not to need Ijecopipton men as substantially in the same ob- to be reminded that the Whig Partyof their or cause their stand with open mouths to catch the drippings money,and common sense have any concern withA report was recelvtfd from the Stale as- Enginser,of Popular Sovereignty unquestionably arebut tionalTerritories,and that whileOurcan;political historymarked. nothing equal to tlie present disgraceful at-Mr. Gaktbixl, alluding to Messrs. Haskut and this party he must find some other cause of which most HicKMAX, declared that any one who sup- bycity peoplearcstronglythe present distemperature of the public mind.Printing Committee.Mr. MiLLKX moved to reconsider the votetablished by law. Mr. BnwAEns, of New-Uamp- attz-nipted to pour oil on the anpry waves of and causes him to button up his pockets and engendered sufficient private malignity, par-shire, while acknowIeJjing that Mr. Mobri^ cor- sectional strife, strikes us as in exceedingly bad decline allnegotiation,and especially negotia- tisan heat and political recklessness, to callwhich are howledtheseMr. Jacqcss also advocated the enlargemeat.rectly represented the views of the Republican taste. It is certainly very hard to suit some of tioncandidate, declared that it needed only tlie with- respecting money.drawal of Mr. Claek's resolution, to obtain from our Southern gentlemen. They complain if a little of this spirit into the Illinois gines of evil.screechingsimpressive agencies intodaily by public ear.to—79 to 17.Several important bills were notieed. AmoajgIf we could infuse into existence and support surb powerful en- Mr. Bbcrman a clear and explicit statement of his Union meetings are not called at the farmer, or German peasant, our protective 11 has come to this in the United States, thattheThe Tribune makes some discoveries, nowAgreedsentiments. At the same time Mr. Edwards moved that the Hous>e hereafter meet at 1 o'clock, and confne itself to balloting and tltatnoting.;three ballots should be had daily until an organi- zation be obtained. The proposition was vigor-same care of themselvesas theClerk of theSlavery in the Territories, inasmuch as the Su-ously applauded on the licpublican side without action upon it, the House adjourned.preme:The Legislature begins to exhibit symptoms of in- dastry that encourage the hope of an early dispatch of business, and adjournment not very long after the huiMlred days. The Senate appointed a Special Committee on the question of aid to the Albany and Sueqoehanna BaHroad. Notices of bills to repeal the Usury laws, and to abolish the Board of Com-and bills intro- duced to invest Boards of Supervisors with full powers of local legislation, and to make Election day a legal holiday. A report of the State En- gineer, estimating the cost of the extension of the Chenango Canal at 4829,400, was received. The Assembly excused Mr. Flac4lsb from acting on the Printing Committee. The motion to increase the number of the Conunittee on Cities and Yil- IsgiBs to seven, which had been rejected on Mon- day, was reconsidered and adopted. Of the bills—it dustrial. The former is waging a mercilessanyit insists that the Court has not:asserts that the North should implicitly /oUow the di- reetioHs of the Supreme Court. That is to say, theallowable kind of doing in this case, isonly doingnothing. Stop the spread of Slavery into the Terri- tories, say the RepubUcans. That is right, says Dr. Rathoks. YoushallnotstopthespreadefSUoeryinto the Territories. Bays the Supreme Cotirt. Exactly so, that is right, says Dr. Ratmoitd. With this extraor- dinary consistency and lucidity is this knotty pointratssioners of Eecord, were givendraftbeenshort of change. Nor can the protective bureau serve him in any better stead. The danger lies in the man's unsuspecting nature, and no ofUcialhis heart or teach him wisdom.noticed, chose to provide for theState debt, to amend the Metropolitan Police law, and to arect Highland County, were of prominent importance. That to prevent stockholders voting bjr finaif was the most important measure intro- doeed. AninvitationtotheclergyofAlbanyand Tioy to officiate in the Chamber was adopted.Ihan is nothing of moment in the later news broaght from Havana by the Qtiaker City. Theweather had beenbly heavy. Mach satisfaction was demonstratedevent of the election of a Republican Presidentdoes, by sendingwe yet know. Mayor Wood does not seem tohave — providedthis City is, as UE^ual in January, dull. Jobbers'lieve that Court has made any sueh decision ?If ."o. that how does it propose to accomplishproceedsBy Mr. Masvusob—To smend the MatropolUaa Police Law.County.and the rains remarka- when the tidings of Spanish victories in Moroccoto Presidential preferences. Thethe Assembly Chamberup.stormy,The Southern States would " Union,andnonebutaNorthernfanatical fool would ever attempt to force them back." There is i«onietliin? suagcsiivi' in tlio (crin string;, andtheir shelves are curtained, andBieAir—To erect BiusnraoMJcan.were receivedof the "new sugar crop conthmed to arrive, but were not offered. Old remained firm.cropassembled on Monday at Frankfort. The repre- sentation of each county was full. Delegates tothebythe Cadiz steamer. Small lotsSupreme Court, —thedisregnrdof itsdecisions,Mr. Jaiob Gcthbik to be its first choice ;beforehand, what they may expect. growing readyBy theficulty in finding our way to the right place, and obtaining for our money a genuine ticket ; but we know that hundreds of strangers arealways light at this season, coatinues unintt^r- rupted. Our manufacturers and wholesale dealers interested in the South have theirconsequenceattitude the Republican Party proposes to as-sume tow ards the Siwreme Court.the min- ority ftvored Mr. Docolas. and deprecated anyCoBgiesrioDal legislationfor the protection of Our telegram fails to;in the Territories.say wluch lepoit was accepted by the Convention bat dooMleas it was that of the majority.CUavetyThe Tribune inbrass, audacity and the passions of pande-;obliging gentleman showingjustpaymentice. and all other crops appear to haveThemaoey raised by ths tax providsd far la tkia act, ahaU be appUed fiit to the UquidaUoa of intemt to save discussion. But does the Tribune upon the Stata debt artiaa the same is not otherwisemajority' Eternal ! we will hang thcra like degs to the trees of the forest, to our hands."but it is of fcmcto what knowemphasis Hoosa, Mi. PAnmsox, of Monmouth, was chosen demonology.flagrant disunion sentiment, with such cases as (htse yIf the immigrantI'remitting as usual,thosepositionsudMr.Blavtklt,ofEssex,Clerk. An was made to prevent Mr. Johnson, of Passaic, from takiDg the oaths as a, member of theare over but how is he to find it V ;—to"/ Bpeak«, 'no trouble 011 thatWe alluded some weeks since to the en- cannot and will not go to bureaux, bu- of which, they are making their usualwerenecessary;but,versus industry and capital.of theThis is very funny, its humor we concede,time all these articles are selling' for mean to say that the Supreme Court has de- provided forby law, or when the fund heretofore ap-North to rebuke the spirit of hos- tility to Southern institutions which finds expression in such forays as that of John Bkow.n. and in resistance to the Fugitive Slave Law, and to affirm fidelity to the Constitution and they pour contempt upon the national men and friends of the South, who take part in them. The head and front of the offending of the gen- tlemen, who have subjected themselves to the Senator's displeasure, is, we suppose, that they do not signalize their devotion to the Union, by entire assimilation to his political views, and by shouting pseans to the " domes- tic institution." We can assure him, that there is abureau would be entirely unnecessary, as the politics of the country and the legitimate our stranL'crs and sojourners would take the interests of the country stand on a separatebasis, and are. in fact, entirely distinct and ab- Marine Court, or the Superintendent of Police. solutely hostile to each otlier.- It is politicsof which are' There shall be annually assessed, la the manner thatother taxes ate and assessednimiber ofare in the same category, who are disposed to observe faithfully all the provisions and com- promises of the Constitution, but who are not disposed to give up their moral sentiment in respect to Slavery, or to follow the political lead of the gentleman from Georgia, especially when it invites them to the gloomy gulf of re- volution and disunion. >largepersonsthehas been madejournalsand enter upon thein the North wiioclass of;Ignoranceevery countrymanmunicipal regulationswho visits us had all the pov^erby heart,tban watches, owned by any person or petBaaa,oar> Court had made such de- poration or coriiorations, when tile value thereofMr. IvxBSON concludes his speech with thereiterated threat of Southern secession in the tives on the track of the swindler. So far asby any means whatever, tostop the spreadswingout of thestocks arcbut few handsinent. IJiit n(i i-'tI.s have been dismisr^ed bv reason of any withdrawal of Southern trade,By Mr.To amend the Divorce Laws.Diaonloniatsand in coal and iron, wliich, as all hlatory with information, get them out of scrapes, we ing to a stni moie perilous pitch of mieoos' by8teaeraadb74>fMlaaiUafl, in niraMaEir-TOBE, WEDNEBDAT, JAH. 11, IMO.ramplentifully with blue uni-baruk,«triik-i*«,8|i«Maa<HtaHilraU. later dealinga were better, and the market stcs ly. bia have their origin in close proximity to point, and see that the owners are intelligent, healthy and a pnnuising condition, and if they centiy arrived at San FMaelaoOiaaithe PraaaThe Money Market continued close yesterday,of the actualeoming flixnit^AsoiAInujeten- nels vi4 Bn^aad. Kb laaa Oian fimr -riaili,shows, ate more important elements of the most do what is done in liOndon and Paris—folly. But at preaent there Is no troth what-of tiie ne*aever In theirclined to lower prices in consequence. But ilic metals. The navigable watera of the Colum- forma have one within eight at almost every state of onr IndoBtiy—bbls. those of the Missouri, and, as population imi- active, politePrices of low and medium brands of State aud formly flows along the banks of fertilizing who would never go near the bureau," would main so.andExchange earlyare In a with valitable caigoea ftbpi Jajpaa, have n.The sales of Flour comprised over 12,000"Western declined a shade. A limited business streams, not many years will elapse before we find a civil officer encountered every quarter lIMl/wi .!» iilMlimiiiiililiii liirrnirniii-f was reported in Grain, and Provisions generally. shall have a continuous settlement—towns and of a mile in 'his rambles through the streets,an Increase of theThaTDUS Fra OALIFOBHIA U pvbllikcdoa Om Teas and Molasses were sparingly dealt in. The cific will be constructed, which the necessities activity and vigilance of the officers on their ago,theMr. IrsBSOH, of Georgia, made a rampant continent should have Indaced the constructionone railroad connecting the Atlantic and Parpolice force, greater—whichwasin the Tmaonvaluablegoods—&i^snperiortothefauBHhiaatofanational road of another by a difl[°erent route.acrossof more more rigid discharge of their duty by t8e crim- and predilecUons in v(%at he sajra on publicare most inal courts, 3 diminution of the shameless in- topics, that tius litUe difference of opinionnow contains a than a hundred thousand souls.strangersemigrants, promisesMonths ago it commenced pre-;reau and a hogUb tickct-otlicc. The unfortu-The Democratic State Convention of Kentucky it is to be hoped that no Soulhorn man will be nate is of course safe whrn he gets to the fiir no such witlidrawal has taken place. .\llRepublican platform?We tni.st our fervidBut,thoughvery wiUingtosee theplaning any verychange ing. The. new bureau is to consist of a head,in theof thatyears' residence in the State Is tha proved byapplying for the divotee.H^ esnse of the catastrophe should have been We think, too, thatfio^ma. At midnight dispatches were added tothoee prBvioasly received, which swell the calam- their political creed ao easily should give us and several assistants, familiar with all the manufactures have been withdrawn to suchora-Butifheis to silly enoughwhoteto OBe of the most terrible ever recorded. more in detail the reasons of theirare told that Southern orders for Northern an extent as to create distress and alarmsightgreatpailrand day. This is all very well as far as it goes;audacity,"— ifheexpectstoUon of aMr. ConoUT gave noUoe of a bill te sboUsh thsHowitself,are the strangers and sojourners, who stand in need of its assistance, to find this bureau ?diminished, the Southbut the at once questionsuggestslargelyour bankers forfriendlypublicpersonurgedthe increase of theCommittee,demonstration infrom a« exciting than the .Abolition and Disunion business before the Committee related to her Interest.the rulethateverypatrolmanshallkeepconstantly machinthehabitofbeingdelightedwith Mr.BlUte amAuAST.Taesaar, 'aa. H.noticed Mr. inMwBaAinsu. low-sinner, who has not found, in the prera- needed for this purpose. We regard the Pa- be dealt with as a miscreant and a public men see there Is nothing in it. The HeralSi tearing eent decision of the Coort of Ai>pesls agsfal las-CHArat. OP BuieitKa fkkalb ihstihttk- lent political sentiment of his own section of cific Univeraity, in view of this important work enemy. We do not see why political and hullabaloos, ptne-knot fires, brimstone flames, knock- ants, and provide* that there U do rent wlwre tter* UKUSBITIi—Afwrnooa—TiaBT Ron Pxs- SoaumiK—AU' TH4T GuiTXfis 19 Not Gold. Eron-An lafamons Calling." This ezposUion comprises the leading points of con- Mr. RATinnsY ifeechyand we believe fully disclosesJiAMfOCSWhen a house is on fire, it Issidered the duly of every one to aid in quench-DocoLAS for holding the same heresy, and, notfor this alone, but for his consistency in itssnpport.Now, with all due deference to the honora-the munificence bf nature. Of course, the portunities of education for their cliildren are restricted. Teachers cannot be procured, inthe country, the same inducement to the re- cantation of his opinions that he himsolf has.regarded indaily with improvements and variations, and on the same general theme, art muck more impmtivt. Mr,haveyears elapsedsince the wholeinfluence of such institutions upon the devel- opment and character of new societies. Itadvantage of the excited state of public feel-wharves sad continuity of his nether garments, ckaHengt attention slips,were to be party belongs supposedtainted with the same heresy, that it wasostensibly incorporated into its platform asenunciated at and that, virtue Cincinnati, bydevote themselves with miraculoushas peculiar claims upon the Christian public, industry to gathering up every wisp and for the son of a Virginia planter by a quadroon slave it only aiTaids protecUoa to tboss Uossaf stHatksalsto which heing,philosophical dednctlonsto show that theright placeslips leased to tbelr agents. As (he law now sta^sof the same heresy, the Democratic Party ob-tained a further four-years' lease ofpower. Mr.DoroLAS elected James Bcchanas in 1856, and of a " a cardinal blessing which the Democracy, iflovelineES. But these dreadful platitudes, that have tected.neither brass nor audacity, nor the heats and passions 0/ Hr. H. SioTB'i bill, amending the lOUtls Jisw, az-pandemonium, but ordy exhibit a boxing-glove conflict empts teachers regnlarly ntftajmi ia Om pakUat)etKcen suppressed convictions and an agile insin- schools bomcerity, do not amount to anytMng." Mr. Boitn's bUl, bi retatton to aetioas oahardlyUthose lines of steamboats wUeh oeeapy whH»«s «rnumbers at allbill wasop-whole case thus cleariy and frankly stated:the flames. AHon CCUPBL—lU. uiB His. TAiiDmorr's Du- that he should be a litUe more lenient to a fel- work, and some institution of learning is tected in heaping fresh fuel upon the fire, would tt ia not noUy enough to imprest the fooU, and the wise the anti-reat qoestkm. It vbtoaUy pqllllss tts i»-WAmB*! ItHIliCBATBAM AMPfelTliKATRB—Afternoon und Ersn-in a section of the country which has so grandbethe same light. Y'et we have a class of publicsabristlng reversion or intsresi left la the laad ta the party claiming such tent.Kr. Caluoor'* amendmast tn theble Senator, we would beg leave to suggestEast.ingpersonwho should be de-taapaasocial incendiaries should notthree upon the attention of all who appreciate the journals, both North and South, which, taking CusBiBS's wrath, and oaths, and dleseveraaoe of thepoliticalby their vigor and passion*Mr. O'Cosos's learned anda destiny in prospect, as having special claimsand we trust they will receive the attention to which they are entitled.straw of inflammable and material,is a rice swamp, under the lash of an overseer, iciu leased to their owaers. If Jlr.The mayor's Emigrant Bnrean. The Mayor's scheme for the establishmentbureau" for the benefit of tion!miUtary serrloe. andwetrustMr.Rathokd suraneeCompanies'notes,limitstheUrnsforprotectiveanddictation, and with bis relations to it we de- mation to new-comers, and protect simpletons its necromantic chart, ought to have takenHateal la- 1In our conununity the Herald is the leaderoccupied by employesagainst his party in refusing to submit to its .whose sole business it shall be to aflford infor- and pecuniary smash-up, which, according toWe comprehendwill give due heed to the grounds of the Tri- suchnotea to six yeara. If aa aetiaa issupply an unquestionable defect in our municipal sys- tem. It is certainly most desirable that theretoNortherngrant runners and confidence operators, are of its specie, and bring the wholemostly European peasants, districts, utterlyor fanners from ourof theimmenseof ICity and County Treasoren to report the ezp«aesaftransferremoval to a swindling hotel.of this overflowing cesspool, until the constant stream of swash thus poured out has become absolutely nauseating to every intelligent busi-affairs at all,—if their intrusion into imating the expense of the extensioa of the Chsaaa- go Canal at (829,4M.the Now, thingof all others which would mostpublicthe political discussions of the day is not always an impertinence to be resented as thenoxioascategory. Mr.Haskikendeavoredtocor-rect the (Ifeorgian by showing how diametrically opposedtheBepublicanandAati-LecomptonviewsCongresstoprohibitSlaveryinthena-the.snaresoftheirpursuers,wouldbetheac-nessmanendright-mindedcitizenintheTribunealwaj'sresentsit,^ itmaybedeemedAdjourned. ASSEMBLY^always held to the right and duty ofthese unfortunatesagainstlauding qui^ilit n of that spirit of doubt and mistrust community.effectually protect—produce well enough to try a small dose of them inMr. Sbkexas is practically a Reputj- complaint against the Republican than its ad- A man who has lived even a very short time tempts to create social distress and national And 80 as tlie Tribune and its longby wUokEocratne.d The observation brqught Mr. M0SBI8, of herence to a doctrine which is as old as the in a large cily, gets the habit of regarding all ruin, as manifested through the incendiary of the pandemoniac stamp furnish such a sur-Pennsylvania, to bis feet, to exulain that he sus-tained Mr. Sbxbman because he knew no manwho more earnestly than be deplored such effortsas those of Jobn Bkows, or who more firmly conservati\e men of the North, who have he knows nothing about, puts him on his guard, "partisan politics of our country, that they have opposed intervention with Slavery where it is es-Villages to tfven was lost yesterday. Agreed la. Yeas 81, Nays U.Constitution. The fling at Mr. Wistiirop and Mr. EvgEFTT, and, by implication, at the otherstran;;ers at open to suspicion; and the smallestsheets that are circulated throughout the land and it is on afflicting commentary upon the"" heat" andbrass," one public speakerscattering the blazing faggots broadcast over the country, that the smouldering flame of discord and dis- union may be roused to a universal conflagra-riiiismrsilill is. everybody's admiration for their humanity and general passed both owaats sad agenti will be endlvBl*-There are withinhas very little to do with the matter, if the United States two distinct elements of thefor thewho hasofour laws andordinances and the CharterUpon all statuary, palntiDgs, engravings or other pictures, (family portiuts being excepted,) a Uke tax of one per cent of the valae tliei«of.Upon all pleasure carriages owned aad kept for vse, drawn by two or more »i>imalt, a llks tax of one per cent of tbe value tliereof^Upon watches, owned and kept for use, aa follows: UpOn gold lever or other gold watches of- ttie valae oftM, or of the value of more than $30, eadi (1all gold or silver watches of the value of mors thaa^^^ t20 and less than $S0, each 90 cents.Upon all salaries and ensolaments of offee,ct«atsdCitywould notfascinations, nor prevent him from cashing a inherent energy and strength, is impelled on-deprivethethinks is perhaps commendable, but in the effort, liethe "dropwar upon the latter, which. Owing to its o^vn" to Tryingarrangementsor created by or held under say Corporatioa. bsttta-when an unfortimateswindled, we do not see in what way the bureauwill render lilm any material aid, which he doesnot now receive. He would have to encoun-of bis eroor."discourse treatedby the Ex-Lieatenant-Gov-—Company incorporated by Legtslstars tbis State, when sueh salaries or emotuBeal* exeeed OSOO, a tax of two pCTceat on every dollar of ths valne thereof above 9X00.Moreover,dupehas beenter, first of all, the grand difficulty of findingpresent remunerativeprices.propriated for such purpose shall be inadeqnats ia—andwhenfound,it couldit onlyThe manufacturers arecided that we shall not attempt in any way, or"whole or in for such partwhat the now Mayordetec-of such lax shall be in Uquldation of appliedfor theof the case which la to enable strangerslow, areHighlandto between distinguisha bu- protectiveths preted by it, one of the planks of the Tribune's By Mr. jACQras-Te amend the gsaersl set for thsthe business intercourse between the ordinaryNorth and South in the way of money ex-changes, the interchange of commodities, and declared force, the Senator gives them fair warning, to go to Kansias or California, have the lea-st dif- the receiving and filling of orders, which isto this mode ofConvention were selected. The federacy. If any persons, however, should be oflic-cs of the railroad anil steamboat agentssubjectedgoingout of the Con-Hall, bst how is he tothere? Tlic-ofreUgioussoeietle*.CJiarlestODConmiittee on Resolutions was one in opinion in so rash as to attempt to preserve the Union by are well known. None of us, when we want favor of the Dred Scott decision ; b'lt divided asTlie "Kaymo.nd " are matters of smallCitygetIncorporationBy Mr. McQcam— preventand canvassers at worl: in that quarter haunt the Senator for this profane use of his the nose to bogus olTices, and plundered egre- I as usual, and 110 one interferes with theirth^lieat of its admiration ofIf theghostof brave Old Hickory does notevery year,inspiteof theirprecautions, led by!agentsThe Legblatore of New-Jersey completed its favorite aflfirrnation.and its prostitution to the giously. How docs the bureau propose to deal legitimate pursuits. The Southern traders arc monium," indulges in some rather striking mis-orgaidsatioD yeaterday. In the Senate, Mr. Gtr-TOKD, of Essex, was chosen President, and Mr.BAjrfBBST, of Hunterdon, SecreUry. In the then we shall henceforth renounce all faith in applies to it for advics, of course his troubles who have given extensive credit in that ()uar- it is not worth while to correct them, theycomiTTXis orof such abutimpress the fools." HowThe fact is, tliat, inasmuch as strangers ticipateHouse, on the giaand that he had once been con- deavor of Rev. S. H. Marsu, President of the reattx, to be really protective, must go arrangements for tlie Spring trade. So far in being impressive and in " challengingattempteoiJd our"neighbor expconspbacy.The Pacific University.:head,proofPacific' ly electing Supervisor Stewabt, President, and re- of the older States, the means of establishing follow the bumpkins in their wanderings,UniversityinOregon,truth »Thirty Senate last House.«lactliit JoaaPH Yocao, Clark, and HihbtMaTMVWB Messenger. A motion to appoint a tliat important agent in the civilization and and be clo.'se at hand when they get into Southgunpowder, CoiBBmittee to inlorm the Mayor of the organization culture of the West upon a firm and a satisfac- trouble. Every countryman who comes to percussion caps, brass buttons, military uni- «r,t}MtBoard,wascarriedwithsomeoppositiaQ. torybasis. Mr.Mabsjihassincethattime New-Yorkfeeh*satisfiedthatheatleastisI formsandotherwar-trappings,hasactually11w8l«adiii« Committees were appointed, and aamount ofand obtained there $5,000 of ihorougldy wide-awake, and scorns to lose l^l^ed Hbmttaapj paid theni on their claim for ed to this City, and we depart from our ordinary learn from Uie head of the bureau thatmore than thecash funds into that State at this sea- Stale to defeat him I" The writer discloses not be on them. Gov. Cahpbill has initiated oae son of the year. This affords one exemplifi- some of the fearfully treasonable remarks idea in consUtutiag his committees, that I hope to «e»visited" WttS^ilSthat McSpidon a B*kkb had not the $20,000 which he requires. He hosj-etum- half a day tramping off to the City Hall, tobroughtordinaryfomri^nteatlon from the City Chamberlain, inform- »riiitliig«wTM«TM«""'*^°r°' '" the office ofBoston,there are favorite committees, and of course,ofthe considerate and conscientious at- He goes on his way to business and pleasure TkeBoardofGoremorsyesterdayconnrmed tentionofthosewhomhemayapproach,to inthefullnessofhisignoranceandaeU-con-themselves SouthantiBandammunition,tobeusedagainst minion. Joii.sVanBcaxNhasbeenheardtoher citizens and their manufacturesScM^ntio SemfciO '^^g^SSartJnof Becords, was received. to Monday.course in such matters, for the purpose of be- speakingpermitt tyle him blood-thirsty, and there are, it seems,perpetuated.the three districts in prisoosctmmcta for motton for the imrtitutions, atTliere isman in that State who be- Southern men whorightlyto act and mueh less U»biep«B koBdred pooBda, and pwaedthe claims of the enterprise uponquitequalifiedof |250 a U» "xl r*eatanents.gone, five dollars a day for hisVirginians of a Canarda» wiuthe ezpmUturelocal feuds. In the maia hU made np.committeesfa thelaughpoliticalis,»"^"* "^ «>toFlymouiJ^8t»te of the Pacific.out the mineral resMrees of the Qolden State,In the Assembly, there7,1 a "»olution Umit-their lib-ceit, and docs not awake from his delusion till!as wellChureh AnnualOregon is, probably,the and pocket money,„_Uyear erality.» be influenced by local considerations, and annoyed^gr€ at— within call"AgriculturalVffiTslons was continued for more than it has a soil of far greater fertfllty, a cHmate that simple, tangible and efficient coBvenienoe^^^^the question ito aiB Americanof the con- cottio|off"steamer, a fortnight since, We do not say thai nothing motv will '<>ine 000 for Abolition purposes (over $12,-(and those returned were aUJBoard orCommlssionerswants now isapolicemanUntitled Documentgasconadebroughtbers, to^peakerdePtfe'n^-fiSaJs*-'w'h^With-Captainwere sohe had better take carehimself.ration, at least, that the political interest is which prominent Democratsover-reaching itseli". Connecticut selling the to moke about the Governor and the Old Do- for instance, which areor he has had his destined to become the head punched by a barkeeper for declining tonot anlieves an3rthing of the kind. The Yankees "beggars." The most astounding announce-his pocket-book payisintelligentpronoimcethebeard.What heat the tliat brought them the cash.ment of allthat the,,game"of itsIn evidence of this, let us step out of theof the Doctor Slavery,ward in spite of the present destructive nature him the lions, and finds himself of our politics and Government.can either steelimlustrialbyor held under the OnslitatlonorlawsafIkis Stats,doforhimliquidation.When such interest is paid, the remainder of thsgrand difficultyat theluo- des-irable object!*Is the overthrow of thepeculiar—the basis of everj-thing that Isone theand the other the in-Supremeshall exceed the sum of asfl, aa sonnal tax of two cent, of tbe valne Uiereof.fetid atmosphere of politicsmanufactured by to which allusionpolitical,Nowonly decided that, but much morepar;cares for itsatmosphere,great and good in our country.The butter, cotton, sugar, hay, com, hog,tionor the alegg,been abundant—over the average;and at the—;apoabank Northernrently!—ect to rival the Herald to obtain from to them. The power wliich is to save from there having been any countermanding of attention," he stuck to the plati^des of sim-He was nevertheless swornThe Board of StipCTvisors organized, yesterday the wealthy and liberal Christian communities bumpkins from the sharper's talons must Soutlicm orders to Northern manufacturers,victed ofby the Clerk and teok his seat.if,Gov. Wire anp the Pbesipi.xct.'the fact is that the unusual demand from theevening,for Connecticut lirc-arms.is were running vigorously for the Presidential nomi- In both branches the standing committeesnation iit Charleston. His family organ, the announced—in the Senate by Lieut.-Gov. CAsrsUi,RichmondEnquirer,hasaletterfromthisCity intheAssemblybyMr.SpeakerLfmsjoHS.Inbothbodies there is some dissatisfaction, for of coarse announi.-ing that "there is a conspiracy in this all couldin-.feit ofmay certainly be tolerated in taking a lowerkey,andtreatingus tosometliinga little lesscision."of our dealers statements Mr. R.'s concerningandter, are easy in their finances, and an- belong to the Tribune's general system. They—^HXW STBim OW TAXATIOB—pleV—Gov. Wissand a quorum was present la theworthSome timethe inutility of contend-others, "An act to provide for payment of the laterast upon the State debt, and to liquidate that debt," tke-[•Vpublishedpreaent afibrded. Who can dodhtltataveaaq>lete system of Ameriean Bxpnaite, wfllultimatoly carry gooda orar the aanw ronteathat now aecure the rapid tnuHniaafam ofnawa fAFFAOM ATmay rouse pnbllc feel- from Ja(itb hfUm lAvy «f flan rraadaoiCbaftandof very melancholy wit, in order to find thecurbingour aswell impatiencekneedImps,andsubterraneanlUomloatlons,gotup nowit whichhovers over it, but a little care will detect premium note and Oie hiterest It leqolns ascaritrfogged by the smoky and grimy —aboiit to make another Union-saving speech at:tlff shall only recover the amooot assessedthe point Mr. Ratmono is annoimced as for costs to be given when any aotlan Is knnght bf—let him, under the Tribune's criti-Mr.for stockholders In anMcQcAUcism, improve his oratory on that occasion. If by proxy, and prohibiting Qie ree^Um of say vstssot cast the stockholder n he wishes to please the Tribune, as of course bytoselfcle of rhetoric, let him imitate the pyrotech- nics of the Herald, and the " wrath, oat^is," &c.more serious defect in his speech than its lackBnxa nrraoBccxn.To vest ftOl powers of local ia tks Ss- legialatioaandwhen weing longer for a Congressional prohibition of noticed by Mr. Latt :then, representedago.Court had decided such a prohibition to he unconstitutional, the Tribune denied thatfoUowlDg named articles, as followsI'pon all gold ana silver plate, and jewelry otherstopspreadttiming out large quantities of goods on ordersand for future sale. The wholesiUe trade of of Slavery into the Territories'^" Does it be- the debt of the SUte, and for no other purooas.requiredpre^-enl—the nullification ofthe Constitution as inter-neighborwill throw a littlelightonthis knottyTo stoekholders ia In- corporated companies from voting by proxy.point.consistencyandof Dr."lucidity importance— ;invited to la prayamendment !•elect a Chaplain was lostMr. CetiMAjt's amendment, to extend the iavltattoato the clergy of Troy, West Troy and Oiasabash. wasadopted. Adjourned,Oar Albany Caimspaaianea.th« two hoitsm—ritroasAirr ao-bitrodueed abill maUag it aalawfalSENATE Mr.BAicsKT.inpresentingpetiUonsforaidtotheJn. 10. Mr. Flaglib was excused from service oo thsaccomplices ihe motion to Increase Uie Committee 00 ClUe* aad....AuABT,Tocsday,Mr. CoopEKthe ground that New-York, at present, had only ooa member on the Committee, while nine-tenths of theleading provisionssobjoined, was levifd, a tax upon theHr. CAUicon—To smeadths actuse of wharves, slips, *c., in New-Tort .ByrsgulattagA resoinUon that the Clergy bewas called After a brief debate on the laws, theTICKSroB Lcxiran»—ACCTIONIBEB' ««g—00V««»0B'SKBW AHD POWXXFCI. TXMPBBAaCB lfOr«M«a» —THB lxmhon slave CAsa, arc., arc.AisAar, Tuesday, Jan. 10, 1900. membera answered to theur names in theABOLisHiHO raoxr-voTuca— L«V«f—/'In appointing the Prison Committee,was Jardh.theSeaat%Wiuponsock^PATDtaio Thomas M. Tryniski 309 South 4th Street Fulton New York 13069www.fultonhistory.compushed 