 Xt•i••ythere is not a morsel of need for any mortal man to ris and Essex road. Such a giant corporation was,was held yesterday afternoon in the Director's. KoomFrom the Rio Grande- NXW-ORX-SJUTS,Wednesday,Feb.28,I860.NEW-YORK DAILY TRIBUNE, THURSDAY, MARCH 1, 1860- ' bell, Kennody, Odoll, O'Rourko, Peltoa, Powell, Robuaoa, Ta- Treasury—two millions to bogus claimants, twomil- proprietors, (he New-Jersey Railroad, and the JtfopleSlw PTTBLia MEETINGS. atnanufacta7in;tcity. W o have beon strr.ck, fbn"Uiehst °**bor. Vennllyo. Ycorhee*. W"aUb, Webater. Youry—25. ^lYS—Mcwrs.B.Allctn,O.Allan.Bsrien,B&rnett,Boebe, Bingham, Bixby. Brl&t, Bu»h, Cadwell, Carter. Cbitteudea. D . Clark, P4CIark, Col«n», Cook, Cooper, Crane, Crocker, Culrer, Capt*. Tohin's and TomliusonV Ringers have dis- DercT, Dickinoon, Dowirs, Dwight, JEUsworth,.Emeriok< Evans, Finch, Fisher Fligler, Fuller, Fnltoo, Gray, Hall, Holcomb, Hoi - banded and returned home. Cortinas is in possession kins Hough. Jttkway. Jaquee Jeffords. Jonnin^s, Jewell, Jew-of ^ew-Jersey. The New Jersey Company opjwedthreo years, with tbe constantly increa#mjc nrrmbor oi £***&£* employedin<thefactoriesofthecfly,mush*» tor h»cV')i*m*t nrtlfirfol flowers, boxes, mantjflttsy caps, envelopes, and espSffltl* ly for Jteadr-uusdo clothing.Thirty-eight manufacturers report that they employ near!/The steamship Arizona has arrived from Brazo*, on %, the 25th, -with $100,000 in specie.this bill because it is a blow at their rights and in- tHions., by the minority upon this floor, and by theirUNITED CARTMEN^S ASSOCIA.TI0W,AJDDRESS B Y MA YOR W O O D . \; CI-KVXLANI), Wednesday, Feb. 29, 1860.• The United States District Court tcUmorning granted Hn injunction* to Miss JBLimberley against the theater Here, restraining it from playing the " Octoroon."> The Southern Mail.mitted that Mr. Stevens was the only man who couldbuild a railroad from Newark to Hudson, because thewas next introduced by the Chairman and received with tumultuous applause—three cheers and a "tiger"Thereport sets fortfr that very msny of the boys and glrjs whw have been picked up d*7ing tho last seven years are now in posi- tion* ofusefulness in various parts of the country in which theynautical school in New-York Harbor.AS8EMBLY.The privilcfires of the floor were extended to theHon. John B.*Haskjn of Westchester, and ex-Senator JElv of New-York.The bill preventing stockholders of Railroad Com- panies from voting by proxy came up for a third read- ing.Mr. FITLLER moved to recommit the bill to a Com- mittee of the Whole. It was an infringement of per- gonal rights, designed to reverse the policy of the State by driving from it *11 foreign capital.Mr. CAJLLICOT supported the motion.bills, and thus saved the time and character of this Legislature in A. Stevens, our Hoboken neighbor, who holds one- men with capital willing to build railroads, after thetance for a certain sum, when your own expenses are ' of a certain character, you cannot afford to do so whenF r o mOur O w n Correspondont.. ALBANY , Wednesday, Feb. 29,1560.Mr. Slaight said that he did not suppose that any- thing he could say would have any effect upon the vote on this bill, but he intended to oppose it, and shouldify their freights and fix their prices, which were to be has talents, and many good qualities as a legislator.against this bill, as well as against others, and if they did so, then the bridges and road of the New-Jersey Company are to be taken. He considered this one of the most iniquitous bibs ever before a legislative body. He had opposed it, and he should continue to do so to the last.Mr. Ball said that he was in favor of opening every avenue to the great market of New-York. The con- struction of this road would open this avenue, by its connection with the Morris and Essex, to all the north- western part of the State, as well as to Newark and other places. The bill was not what he would, have had it, but since the adoption of the important amend- ments proposed by himself and others, he thought it would interfere with the rights of no other parties, and that it should be passed.posted at the <fficesand depot* of the companies, and a copy to be deposited wita the Auditor ot she Canal Department. Such rates to be strictly adhered to till-such time as the railroad company may, by similar ad-A smart attack of gout in the stomach would be anexcellent thing for him. Or if ho would get into abroil and get badly shot, it might aaswer an equal-Fagg-",W_£b, Whipple, Wiley,. WiUUms, Woodruff, andYeury—«4-The Board then went into an election for officers for the ensuing year, which resulted in the reelection of Mr. Verplancfc as President, and Captain Crabtree as Vice-President-actly the number of votes necessary to pass it, and not and Kansas Free-Soilers who, would be a great deal one to spare, as follows:YKAB-J&H-ra. B. Alton, O. Allen, B«rd«o, B*ra<stt. Beebe, more than his match. Suppose him to be stuck in BJoS^TBbcby. Bush. tot«-D.Ctok, ZJ^J&ZZRC o l W Crane, Cuhrer, Docler , Downs, Dwi»to, Ell.w3.rth, a conflict, and' pitched into the first ditch, what S S k ^ S m , Finch, Fisher. Plagler, FuD*r.Fatten Gray, becomes of his hevi lings ? They would be found toH_j, Holcomb. Hoskio-, Hough J>*"*7. •»•«orda, J*TM*Jew**, Johnson, R. «. K*l^y. Uw, McF«dd-n. Me<iu*de, benothiDg but wind. It is not .such thiDgs thatsway the world or influence affairs. W e do assurethe railroad through then- streets, while this right was denied to Jersey City. The eleventh objection was, that it gave power to build as mony branches or spurs as they may deem proper. This was unusual and un- wise ; this company could thus cover the whole of Es- eex and Hudson with a network of railroads. His twelfth objection was, that it gave power to this cor- poration to run their engines and cars over anotherFrom the weekly.statement it appears that the num- ber of emigrants arrived from the 1st of Jan. to the 20th inst. was 3,565, being a decrease of 370 in com- parison with the same period last year. Number of inmates ia Institution on Ward's Island, 893. Over- draft, $11,653 16. Aggregate receipts for commuta-- tion of passengers to 29th mat., $58,166 35. Disbursa-pompdy jraveLsuppressedby therappingof t i eSpeaker'sburg on a special mistion to the Emperor Alexander. The Vienna correspondent of The London Timet reports that Austria is about to make another attemptThe boys and u-iVi<£.!.i»W.r ft** renresentatives of the e-wi: Of a great ©i*T; Ald Soa«tyarMe the representativehouseless ead-flrio-srTloas.Mtfle « ^ t n * £ a -'s^m"*" 7ldTdron of drnnkards; sc»<w o r p k w j « o m e ,• he amount of about $50.caused by tome defect in the gas meter.THE HESOI.DTIOSJ* OF CMSUKZ.here urping it? Why is the historic No. 10 i»full it from the mouth of a speakingt-rumpet, or dis- blast ? Why is No. 7 at the American Hotel r^rcahng chargeitfromthethroatofa48-pounder7 We thatnotoriousapartment/ Whydowefindatthe State-street House a similar establishment? It is a farce to say that the Camden and Amboy Company ism"A collision occurred about 11 a. nt. yesterday be^twecn the steamboats Atlas of the Camden and Amboy line and the Huguenot of the Port Richmond Ksnyv when opposite <New-Brighton* Both boats reoefredMr. Flagler called,up the resolution* introducedseveral dave ago by Mr. Callicot, cenmring theSpeaker for his statement upon the floor of the Househi reference to the alleged hundred thousand dollarletter written to "Wall street, remarking that it was duealike to the Speaker and the House that a more com-plete expression of the Assembly should be taken than "*agcontainedinthevoteontablingtheresolution,theirtirades,"Gentlemen,willyoustopyour while the attendance was thin- The vote on thetonringaboutacoalitionbetweenRussia,Prussia,and f£mparent*whoboHastthemoat;^'tluStaN oi"adoption of Mr. Callkot's resolution was taken with- ** damnable iteration, and begin V out debate, and resulted in its rejection—i*5 to 87, asfollows: The treaty referred to is not in a promising state.11% _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _The steamshipArabj* took out 50 passeilg**^*^~ V_W ASHTSGTON, Feb. 28,1660.The consideration of the Mexican Treaty, which ken. The bill gave the Company the power to takethe energy of the, men who cut through the Bergenhowever, that where oats and hav have nearly doubledthe managers of our railroads, particularly the Central, was assigned for the executive session of the Senate other roads, or to bo consolidated with other roads.rocks, this branch would have been built 17 years their value to us consumers within, a few years, and ago; but Mr. Stevens^ says, in his manifesto, thit his- where rents, and clothing, and marketing, and all theinvtiiejD and huaxooif in-noted that & clause should be UUICA A.w^r»».:.. ««• i,lft k a v e proportionately in- inserted in the charter of the New-jersey uvuxV«~j creased, it is a very obvious coucnuri»«; 4.1^* ^..-./o w ufor a branch tothe Hoboken Perry; but instead of build- means of meeting these increased expenditures shouldtoo high-minded and regardful of the pecuniary inter- ests of the roads and of their duties as citizens to offer a bribe, and that the members of the Legislature vould spurn with indignant scorn any such bribe, ifeffexed; for Ihey have nearly all in turn said as much on the floor. Well? the buzzing and labor against the bill was kept up this morning as energetically as it was commenced last night, and it was rumored that a num- ber of members had been so "enlightened" that they had changed their minds as to the propriety of passing the Pro-Rata bill, and all awaited with some anxiety ior the hour of 11£ o'clocic a. m., at which time the third reading of the bill had been made a special order. After a number of bills had been read a third time and passed,Mr. Merriti-of St. Lawrence, rose to a question of privilege, and commenced to read a circular from the Clinfcn League, which in his judgment reflected upon the integrity of himself and all his fellow members who opposed the Pro-Rata bill, and the reporters of the Press, and as he was proceeding, the Speaker an- nounced the Special Order, which was the third read- isg of the Pro-Rata bill; but Mr. Merritt was permitted to go en and finish the reading of the circular, and jnake a • w remarks in defense of him3elf and his eolleagnea.When the third reading of the bill finally came up .' Mr. Jaques moved to recommit to the Special Commit- tee, with instructions to report a substitute, which he oflered and which was read by the Clerk. -This sab- strtute provides that the railroad companies shall class-This extraordinarv provision was his Becond ob- yesterday, w a s brief un that uvcwsluu. Mr . Totuubo jection. And not only does it give tma power,occupied a large part of the day in replying to-Mr. nut it gives the power to acquire other roads,Doolittle on the action of the Wisconsin Judiciary. and to mortgage, sell, or otherwise dispose of the whole or any part of the property acquired un-any appeal; for although there was provision for an appeal *ap to the amount of damages, yet the Commis- sioners possessed the sole power to decide how much or what property was necessary for the objects of this incorporation. Thus a court," unprecedented in itsis finite. He has gone over his own peculiar ground character, is established, solely for the convenience of BOoften that now he has to repeat himBelf. He is Mr. Edwin A. Stevens of Wee'hawken township. This objection alone ought to be sufficient to defeat the bill. like a man who swears whenever he opens his His sixth objection he would put in the form of two mouth. At first jou think him very emphatic, questions; the first to the gentleman from Passaic (Mr. and immensely ferocious, but the repetition Pope), was this: If this Company should usurp fran- chises, who is the State to proceed against by quoing it, they drew money from that Company, and had received from that Company over $300,008 as a consid- eration for not building the track. These are the menbe increased also.t [Applause.]At the conclusion of* Mr. Wood's remarks, threeMr. Doolittle made a good argament on Friday, der this act. This bill gives the power to Mr. Stevens though very long. Toombs's "reply waa character- to acquire the control of all the railroad interests of the State, and through that seriously affect the legisla- istic. It was fierce, denunciatory, taunting, im- tion of the State. If all the railroad interests of the State are consolidated, their power must become irre- sistible ; no one can stand up against their power, and the Legi&lature should guard against such a danger- ous result. His fifth objection wa8, that the bill con- stituted anew court, consisting of three Commissioners, unknown to tbe Constitution, with power to take fran- chisfcs and <the most valuable property, and withoutwho are now in such baste to secure a road to Ho- more cheers wore given for the Mayor, after whichpudent, and insulting. His speeches are generally able, and always garnished by this kind of dressing. It makes them very agreeable to listen to. The spirit which animates them is so winning, so per- suasive, so- charming, that one feels like embracing a man who exhibits such a fecundity of the Chris- tian graces. Toombs has about thundered himself dry. His vocabulary of invective, though copious,boken.Mr. Pope Baid that as this bill had been very fully discussed, and as it was now late, he would move the previous question.At the request of Mr. Tiese, this, was withdrawn.the CHAIRMAN stated that Mr. W. had promised to ex- pound the design and nature of the Association to its members at some future time. Votes of thanks were tendered to both the Mayor and the reporters, and the meeting adjourned.wearies, and finally becomes disgusting. Toombs will lose his reputation if he does not die soon. We shall be sorry for this, because he reallywarranto ?Mr. Pope replied that it would be settled by a bull from the Pope.Mr. Slaight said that the second question was ad- dressed to Mr.. Peekham. If this corporation takes the property of the New-Jersey road, who will be liable for the tax ? He hoped that his colleague would satisfactorily explain this. Another objection was that this bill confirmed a contract between Mr. Stevens andmembers present. - Mr. PURDY offered a resolution to the effect that the Secretary report to the Board tbe amount of money received from emigrants for permission to land upon the soil of the State of New-York; the annual amount aid to the several counties far expenses alleged to Save been incurred by reason of sickness, misfortune, or accident to any emigrant while in transit or residing in any county in the State, within five years after their arrival in said State; the amount expended by the Commissioners of Emigration, since their organization, for the purchase of lands and the erection of buildings thereon, the title to which is vested in the people of the State, and also the indebtedness (if any) of the State to the Emigrant Fund, or the moneys collected from emigrants, and also the amount of capital in the hands of emigrants arriving, here during said period,as far as the same can be ascertained.Mr. Low hoped that the resolution would not beadopted. He inclined to the opinion that the charge on emigrants for landing on our soil was as low as conld reasonably be made, and he. considered that it would be extremely unfair and unjust to persona who had resided here all their lives, and who owned prop- erty, to allow emigrants or persona born on a foreign soil to land on our shores without some guarantee that they would not become a burden to the community in which they might settle.. Mr. CURTIS, in a few remarks, supported Mr. Low in his opinions.Mr. PURDY was opposed to the principle of chargingpersons for permission to laind upon our shores, and hethought we were as likely to become a burthen tothem as they might become to us. The idea that we shouldimposeataxuponastranger,whomightnotchannels,anafellsenseless,facedownward,intothewater.Hs»vertisement, change them; that the roads shall not - ly good purpose. But something of this sort seem3 the Long Dock company. This contract was not seti (.-•'1Icharge a higher price for transporting freight over a portion of tbeir fines than for the whole length; that thev shall not carry freight for less than advertised ratea, and .-hall not charge more than 40 per cent more in Winter than in Summer. Penalties were provided in ca*e* of violation of the provisions* of the act-Mr. Jaques spoke at some length to show why his. substitute would answer all the desirable ends sought bv the bill before the House, while it was not subjectto many of the objections urged against it.Tie vote was finally taken on Mr. Jaques'* proposi- tion to recommit, and the motion was lost, 41 to 84, asYKAS^-Mr»»r». Bri?5». Burn., Botlor, CodweH, Cailiot, CM* tmien,J.Ci.rk,Colo*.Cook,ComloyCoopor,Cornelia.. CoSctaxnan. Darey, WckiMon, Dowcb, W n * . Dwrizht. i.«rti,. KUfcor, Oibb., HirrU. Jakwsy, J»quo«, C. K.el»oy, &*°»*/7- McArttor, McQusdo, McV«m. Merritt, A. A. Myen, OdoU, PsJjaor, Powell, Bicb»rd*on, Bobtaaon, Soarloii, H. Smitlx, T«b«r. Tncker, «nd Webeter—41. _ .NA Y5>-M*«r«. B. Allen, O. Allen, Burden,. Barnett, B*eb«,Biazham, Btacby, Bowman, Boab, Carter, IX Clark, P. Clark,ColSmaZ CoLli*. Conklius. Crane, Crocker. Culver, Docker,r U ^ o r t h , Zrorrick, Evan*. Pinch, Flagler, Fuller, Pulton,C ^ t u o s . Gorer. Gray, BzlL Holcomb, BoakioJ Hough,Hnbboa. JefforoV Jemring*, Jewell, Jo«rett,^Jono«, Jonnaoo,B-aVKeW-r Law. McKadden, Marteraon, Mather, Max«on, R.S. Kel**y, L*W, MCK;Meraolla. Mnior. Milliken. Millington, Mor«an, Moulton, A. Mr- Mersell*. Miller, Millikea>orke, Payne, P«ck, P©ltoo,Perry, Pettit, Plamb, era Nowll.O'Roirrke, PaynehiEL which went through by 65 to 61, receiving ex- last long. There are lots of Turcos and Zouaves, were given the right to regulate the construction offorth; it must be illegal, or why is the Legislature absolutely necessary to save hum If the National asked to make it valid I Will the majority close their Hotel disease was flourishing just now, that would eyes and vote for this provision without knowing what be an excellent ^tavern for him to put up at. His it is 7 It had been represented that the Bergen tunnel late speeches are like the action of a man who waa not a public highway, and that Edwin A. Stevens was tbe only man who could get through it, and should swagger defiantly through the streets of a consequently the only man who would build thiscity, flinging brickbats at everybody's windows, and road. This was not so; the tunnel, which is the property of the Long Dock Company, is a public declaring that he wants war. Yesterday he inti- highway, and ie so decided by law. [Mr.mated quite broadly that he wanted Seward's head. We do hate this blustering. It amounts tothere is need of killing people in order to settlepublic affairs, the thing should be gone about in a to block up tnis tunnel, let them do so with their, eyesbusiness-like manner. And it is no more necessaryopen, and not. by working in the dark, do an irrepara-not open to receive all. This was a free country, free to all, and it was an imposition that those who came hither should be taxed for permission to set foot upon American soil. What would we think, should we de- sire to emigrate, to be charged for permission to land. Foreign countries did not doit; no other country but ours did it; and he thought- it was a bad example on our part.to talk loudly or curse vehemently for the effectual ble injury to the people of the State. This appeared to him a fatal objection. Another objection was, thatdischarge of this office than it is for the dischargeof any other. So far as fighting goes, which is thothing Mr. Toombs makes offensively prominent inthis grant was in contradiction of the settled policy of the State. It gave one Company the power to take the franchises of another.' Ii this new policy is to be inaugurated, he hoped that it would be general, andhis haraDguea, he is only one man in a thousand all monopolies destroyed. If this policy wasto be adopted, he should expect to see the million of the inhabitants of this rolling globe. He friends of this bill bring in a bill tois stout and burly, and would do a good job in a abolish the exclusive privilege of other corporations.His tenth objection was, that the bill made a distinc- The question then, recurred on the passage of the mel«?e till he got out of wind. But he would not tion between different cities. Newark and HobokenAfter some further debate of a desultory nature, the resolution was adopted.Mr. Toombs that this whole matter of vulgar per- road. His thirteenth objection was, that it increaseda m . Van Abrtyne, Van B e n . Whipple, Wll_anuw65. the power of a great monopoly, now extending toNAYS-Messrs. Bownin, Brig*., Burn., Butler, CtiweU, sonal conflict about which he talks or intimates so some fifteen counties, and this would extend theirin case they refuse to give up a portion of it; withoutavailing, themselves of their rights in the Courts. ANNUAL MEETING OF THE CHILDREN'to Whether it is a good point or not, where eight or ten ADD SOCIETY. - .CaJheoi, Chittenden, J. CUric, Colo-, (^rnkflng. C^ofc, Cooniey, Ccop«r, Cot_*_us, Coocbnjan, Crocker, D s ^ , Dickinson, Dor»«h, Efcrt!, Garrettson, Gibbu, G o r « . Harris, Habbell.Jaques, JeMri***,Jones,C.Kelsey,Kenuedy,Kortrfghi,McArthur,Me- Veam, MMtenon, Merrill, Miittken, A. A Myers, Odell, 0'R~_rk.». Pakcer, Peck. Pulton, Pettit, Powell, i w u i , Ricb- « < U a , Robin.on, 8 t John, 8%-age, &oarie-, A. Smith, Taber, *_e_-r, Variaa, VerxniJyt>, Voorhoe-, Walsh, Webster, Wiley, Woodruff. Yeury—61.It will be seen that there were but two absentees— Messrs. Arcularius of your city and Mr. Siingerrand of this county. The announcement of this vote pro- duced applause in the lobbies and galleries, which wasincessantly rests, in its results, on just two things:power to another quarter of the State. They hadlionstoJuarez.Senatorssayalargeportionofbothbranches of the fund are intended to.find their way terests. The people of the 8tate are resisting it by pe-by indiieotion into our political channels to corrupt6.0(0 girls «nd Women, and it is estimated that not lets thaw•'of the west tank of the Bio Grande, and continues bis i-tt. Jones. Johnaon, Kel««y, Kortrighij McAxthnr, McFaaden, our elections. But more than this; they say if we Slaight continued for some time upon this topic. We sociation was held last evening at No. 179 Wooster 11 this is to contintte—if scores of thousands of women and depredations in Texas. McTean, Mastoraon, Mather. M&xaou, Morrltt. Marselia. Mlllor, are really after Mexico we can have her for the do not pretend to give even a sketch of the debate. yonng girls are to be engaged continually in tho factories aod Miliinctca Morgan, Moolton, Anatin Myroa, A. A. Myera, New- Mr. Pope said that he was not here as a representa- street, for the purpose of listening to an addressfrom Wffrkshops of tie ctty, the condition of our poorer classes will bo Capt. Stoneman's cavalry and Capt. Fowler's rang- eJ!, PalBicr, Payne, Perry, Pettit, Plomb, Pond; Regan, Rlohard- askirg. It is not necessary to pay a dollar to get tive of any railroad interests; he was a representative the Eon. Fernando Wood. As the call for the meeting considerably modified. W e already ©bsorve tho effect. Our visitors, in their researches among the poorest quarters of th» I M. Srr.i^h, Stilaon, Tajjrart. Tncker, Van Altiyne, Van Horn, her. All we have to do ia to propose to annex that of the County of Passaie, and he should go for this stated that there would be "-no .politics or religion" city, do* not.find by my. means so great a nnmbeTof deatitutoers are guarding the border to the extent of their aou, Rider, Sarago Ssarles, Scivia, H. Smith, J. M. Smiih, W.ability. "''s> ;Fire in lfew-OrIean«.Varian, Whipple, Wiley, Williama-??. GENERAI. YACCIKATION".read, and no other. He run the first engine in New- Btable and prosperous country, and the . people Jersey, and for that reason ha should vote for this bill. would rush to our arms like paupers to a smoking Mr. Bond said that when the gentleman from Hud-connected with it, some curiosity was manifested by thegirls; they bear of th«m everywhere as worJdnjr for their fiwa- ilies. A far Jess number come to tbe officer much fewer desfcreV togo to tl/esoontry. W e are *>>oiced to say, too. that the* prison* s now elnio«t notbmg now<of very young <dri*« flom©-NXW-OHLKAN-S, Tneaday, Feb. 28, 1860. A portion of the Union Cotton Press, together withSenator P . P . Murphy, who is an M. D., introducedgubiic schools, which permits the Trustees of Public LOW bales of cotton, was burned this morning. ehools to exclude pupils who have not been vaccin- fjom $50,000. . ated. It also authorizes the Trustees to appoint a physicianwhosedutyitshallbetovaccinate,allscholarsnothing ?.J. S. P.WAR.railroad in the State, he had not read the amended pointed time. « • » % ' • MnstrisI School*," which hate especially changed the habits of \ins class. But With the great moUitode of the poor outside of ninth section; that sestion row provided that they The meeting was called to order by Mr. A. E. Dater, fbeir influence, tbe principal cuose of tbis most happy improro-should not unite with the New-Jersey Company, and Chairman of the Association. A song, written by Mr. meutisemployxma*. W e believe that fcmaio destitution and withnoCompanyexceptthoseinEssexandHudson A.J.H.Duganne,wasthensungbytheassemblage itsa»daccompanimtaiofviceshxareacheditsacmein New-Counties. Thtt disposed of that objection. He ad- to the air of the <cStar Spangled Banner." Mr. Wood York,i Inunction on the " Octoroon." in the District, tho necessary expenses to be collectedTHENEW-JERSEYRAILROADTbey regret exceedingly that opportunity waa not affordedt> em by other members ot mid Committee to dl«cnsa the meiituof the two bills reported by the majority of said Committee, aa Amboy or the New-Jersey Co. can get a quorum of could be found with public spirit enough to contract are increased, your rates are the same. While you canendeavoring to pass lawn so pregnant with treason, and In utter third of the three millions of stock of the Camden and violation of their official oaths.„ The bill reported by the majority of said Committee, in all its Amboy Co., and says he is the only person interestedcharters were granted.Mr. Mayhew stated his objections to the bill. The these expenses are doubled, f" No, Sir!" Apnlanae.] it has been $80,540 20. Tbe number of emigrants sent out waaprovisions, sots at defiance the act of Cougrosn passed Sept, 18, 1890, entitled " An act to amend and supplementary to tne act "entitled an act respecting fugitives from jnatice and persona "escaping from tho service of their masters, approved Feb. 12, '• 1793-," inasmuch as it virtually aeclares that act to be void, andin the Hoboken Land Co., is not here in person, but heis represented by a nephew who sits at the elbow of $Mr. Pope of Passaic, the member who champions theapplicant for this bill (Mr. Stevens) had, years ago, the power to build this road, and had sold it out for $18,000 a year; and beside this, he had the power to extend the Morris and Essex Railroad to Hoboken, and nowNow, I claim that capital and labor should go hand in hand. I hold that labor is essential to capital and cap- ital indispensable to labor, but that every man, be his occupation what it may, is entitled to receive a juet compf nsation for that labor, is entitled to receive it in accordance with the state of the times and the expenses of living, certainly entitled to receive enough to pay his expenses; and is entitled, also, as a man, to receive enough pay, and provide for old age. [Applause.]Within twenty years the rates of carmen's wages have been raised but twice^ Tae first established rates upon record were.made in 1839. These rates comprehended all the ordinary classes of goods that were then carted in the city. In 1845 these rates were revised, and ma- terially altered. Now, those of us as old as myeelf will remember that in 1837 there was a5,074. The Treasuflfer says, " I am sosjT to report, as I did last vear, that not one cent has been received from the millionaire* of Our city—those who could best afford to pay—aot give—for- w e are protecting their property, and lessening tnefawtsaces 4sargev as-they are—by our operations, so that vre create a just claim on. tbem, outride of any humane or charitable considerations what-ever."En sets forth that the field ia ample, and might be occupied t»the advantage of the citizens generally, if the means were mors* - liberally provided.Y our Committee believe, that laying asidt the unconstitutian* ality of laid bilt as a matter of expediency and policy, this bill should net a*, tin* time be placed on our siatutsr. Tho so-calledAdjourned. ——__ _ _NEW-JER8EYm—m^m.ITEMS,The Lobby hero is very strong. The Camden andessary prices of living for yourselves and your horsesHoboken Kailroad bill in the House, and whose stereo-declares any officer performing the dutiea devolving upon them typed, but most effective speeoh is " Mr. Speaker, I he was here asking for still another road. Mr. May-voider the provisions of that act, and which by his official oath he is compelled to pexfoim, guilty of a misdemeanor, and subjects him, upon conviction thereof to excessive fine and imprison-, nverrt.;" hope that amendment wont prevail."hew said that this bill was the creature of the Camden and Amboy Company, and that Company had inter- fered with every railroad application presented to the Legislature, as they had felt in West Jersey, for there this Company had prevented the construction of any roads in that part of the State. He said that he had been told that if he opposed this bill he killed himself politically. If he was to be killed, he was glad to have an opportunity first to make his dying speech.Mr. Pope—We never kill any dead men in Passaic. Passaic can take care of PasBaic and Atlantic both.Mr. Peekham read a speech in favor of the bill, con- tending that it was the duty of the Legislature to ex- tend to Hoboken the same facilities of travel that were given to other towns and cities. He said that Hobo- ken would soon become a city of importance, provided that you grant what is asked for by this individual,Hod said bill, in words, pronounced said act by Congress void,and subdivision three of section two of article four of tho Con- whtn the Democratic leader of the House is recorded stitution of tht> United States, a nullity, it would have been no •to have spoken these memorable -words: " Mr. lew rebellious or tretson&bie, though probably more abhorrentto the good sense of sober, right-minded, law-abiding' citizens.A commnnicatioh from Archibald Russell, esq., one of the Trustees, was read, requesting that some person should be sub- stituted for himself in the Board of Trustees. His time and-in- terests were so much absorbed in other kindred institutions that" he could not serve. It was placed on file.The meeting then went into an election of Trustees for thr»«. years to come, which resulted as follows: John L. Mason. Jasv B, openlding, Kobert J. Livingstone, W . L. King, and C. It. Brace.The newly-eleeted Trustees held a subsequent meeting; «tt which John L Mason was chosen President, J. £. Williams Treasurer, and C. L. Brace Secretary, for the ensuing year.Mr. MILLER denounced the bill as a personal•measure, designed to attempt to wrest the power of of tbe United States, the acta of Congress, and the decisions of l a t o r whatever." There are only three or four menone corporation in the State out of the hands of its present managers.Mr.MCQUADE moved tolaythebillonthetable. - Carried.BIX.T.S T.\3SZT>.To prevent and punish prize fighting; to amend theilet to regulate New-YoTK firemen; to transfer the power of the Contracting Board to the Canal Board.the highest tribunal in our land, are entitled to morr> respect at the bands of eveTy American citizen than to be ignored and basely trampled*in the dust by the passage of this bill.' Origin- ated, framed and prodaced from tho hot beds of Abolitionism and treason, by a class of fanatics who indorse the deeds of trea- son mnrder and bloodshed, lately perpetrated in the quiet and pear- ful viliagea of our sister State, and sotting at defiance the power and authority of our Federal Government-on the floor who can talk without continual dislocation of .the people's English. Some instances of this have been very amusing. Tbe bill is supported by thirty- six members, who seem bound to vote for it any way.Evening.—The House has juBt passed the bill by the decisive vote of 36 to 21. I send 3ou a sketch of the proceedings of the day.MORNING SKSSION".tremendous revolution in this city.business part of the city, ftom Wall street to the Piast River and all below that, was totally destroyed by fire. I was myself in business at the time. That was the immediate commencement of a severe panic, and great destitution and want. A great commercial rev-Your Committee entertain the opinion that the ConstitutionThe style of oratory in the Legislature is not of the highest. Matters have mended but little since 1845," Speaker, this is an outrage of tyranny upon soppre- " aion, altogether unpieecedented in any inter Legis-The bill was taken up at noon by a vote of 29 to 11,track in Brooklyn, Kings" County, and Newton, irrepressible Conflict, now waging between the North and South and read for the third time, after which the House ad- what is talked about—[Mr. Peekham was interrupted olution followed. Everything had been pressed upThe bill to authorize the laying of a doable railroad "Queen's County, was laid on the table.Mr. GO VJ£l£ gave notice of a bill to provide for the payment of judgments recovered against the City bymembers of the old police.The New-York Tax-levy bill was passed.will, by the passage of this bill, be increased a hundred fold, and it would be one more blow tending to sever the units of harmony that now so peacefully hold this Union together.The act otCongress before aUuded to. and generally styled theFaaitlve Slave bill, is the statute law of the land. It has beenrepeatedly declared by the Supreme Court of the United Statesto Be constitutional, and it must be obeyed by all good citizen*Y our Committee, therefore, deprecate the feeling manifested bythe framerii and supporters of this blii under consideration, inthus basely stamping tho Constitution and law of the land under state the reasons which actuated him in pursuing thatat this. point by laughter and applause.]like that; it gives me courage to go on."point the interruptions by laughter and applause were such that we could only hear a word occasionally.] He said, " Yes, you may laugh, gentlemen, but it is "BO; Hoboken is on the west side of the Hudson River." ]Loud laughter.] I was sent here to ad- vocate this bill, and I mean to do it. [Loud ap-plause.]Mr. Dobbins stated his objections to the bill. The district he represented did not possess the facilities for travel and transportation t iat were possessed by other districts; and the reason for this was, .tliat certain vested rights were held by a certain corporation. Butprevious to that time; every man was getting rich, except laboring men. The merchant, the banker, the shipowner and capitalist, were amassing great for- tunes. Carmen's rates had remained stationary but undefined. In 1839, when everything was down, when articles of living were of the cheapest kind; when you eould bu^ beef for^six cents a pound, and flour for $3 50 per barrel; when you could get house- rent for 33£ per cent of what it is to-day -T then the merchants demanded a reduction of the carmen's rates, and application was made to the Common Council. Tbe earmen had little or no employment, and were desirous of doing anything by which they could sustain themselves and their families. Consequently the reducedrates were thus for the first time established by law. Thev remained in that way stationary until 1845. In 1845, these rates were revised, but very little im- proved. They remained BOuntil 1856, when, during the term of my previous Mayoralty, they were in- creased about 20 per cent over the original rates of 1839. Now, whether these rates are compensating; whether they establish a relative right in pro portion to the expense of subsistence, it is not for me to say. MyA BOARD OF HEALTH IN JERSET CITT.—At th»- meeting of the Board of Aldermen of Jersey City os> Tuesday night, an ordinance was adopted providing^, for establishing a Board of Health, and defining their duties and powers.The Board is to consist of the Mayor, the President of the Board of Common Couaeil, the Health Commit- tee thereof, and the Health Physician.A NEW CITT HALL.—-At the meeting of the JerseyCity Board of Aldermen on Tuesday night, the resolu-tions heretofore adopted in reference to plans for a City~Hall were all rescinded- A resolution was then adopt-ed directing the Committee to advertise anew for planaand specifications for the construction of a temporaryCity Hall, to be erected at a cost not exceeding $20,000.*FIRE IN JERSEY CITY.—About 12o'clock yesterdaynoon, a fi>e broke out in tbe cemext roofing works or Vansyckla &. Co., NOB. 20 and 22 Railroad avenue, and extending through t » - Steuben street. The building, which was a one story temporary one, was filled with stock, consisting of tar, composition roonngi oils, paper.. canvaH and other combs stible materials, and in-coat- sequence, the firemen could do but little more than prevent t h * apread of the flicmes. The loss on the building and machinery amounts toabout 8*4,000, and on tbe stock, about $3,000. Therw vrna an insu: ance in New-Y ork companies for $2,000. The fire originated near a furnace. 'Cot'NTEHFEiTiKG.—John Eedman waa arrested yea-tordiiy morning and committed by Recorder Bedford of Jersey ^*7, for attempting to pass a counterfeit $ 1bill, of the Chemung. Bank.. LIFE-SA VING BENEVOI.I«T ASSOAIA TION.—At a meeting of the Life-Saving Benevolent Association, held at No. 13 Insurance Building, on Tuesday after- noon, Thomaa Tilsston, esq.., President of the Associar- tion, presented three gold medals to Alexander Shawv Edwin B., and David Dusenherry, for their praise- worthy efforts in saving two lives. Each of the medals: was inserted, " Presented to [name of the recipient! for^hia'eourage and presence of mind in aiding in th*>- rescjue of two young ladie* from drowning in the East Biver, opposite Bavenswood, L. L, on the 15th o€ June, 1859." The following were the circumstances; A number of young ladies, residing at the Mansion House, Ravenswood, L. I., were bathing in the river, when the tide, which waa- running very swiftly, car-- ried two of them beyond their depth. They struggled to reach the shore, but vainly, while their nearly dis- tracted friends, standing upon the bank, were forced tp witness their ineffectual efforts. At this moment, when their struggles had almost ceased, the. bravo youths sprang to their rescue, and by their united strength bore the ladies to the shore. One of them was seized as she was sinking for the last time, her hands only being above the surface. Both of then* lay insensible for many hours, and were only resusci- tated after the prompt and continued application of thtt usual methods. The ladies, with a number of their friends, were present at the meeting to commemorate and reward these gallant fellows, and. the President made the presentation with appropriate and impress- ive remarks. The following facts were also presented to the Association, and the accompanying resolutioatwas unanimously adopted:During the voyage frcm New-York to China of the ship Hot-, the 8th of AnrU* ur of this port, Oeorgs Potter, master, ontheir feet, aa well aa entertaining the idea that any State law they might succeed in passing would be of any effect to nullify tbe'law of Congress when it conflicts with tho same.course. He was in favor of free railroads; wheneverTHE TRO-KATA BILL YASSKX> THE ASSEMBLY.When the Assembly adjourned" last evening, after Your Committee entertain the hope that the majority of- this provisions, came before the House, ne should give ita bill to charter a railroad, containing no objectionable having ordered the Pro-Rata bill to a third reading by Leaialatux* are endowed with too much sense and patriotism his support; but this bill was full of objections. Heever to record their votes in favor of a bill which, in itself,a vote of 66 to 39, it was estimated by the shrewdest clashes with the Constitution, and which at this crisis is so had no leBB than fifteen objections to thismen about the Legislature that on the final reading the pregnant with the seeds of discord and dissolution of the'Federal bill, and these he would state as briefly as possible.bill would receive 71 affirmative votes, and, of course, 57 negatives, should the House-be full. The friends of the measure were therefore jabiiant, and its opponents glum and crest-fallen, but still not dispoeed " to give it up so" without one more determined effort to defeat it. So they went to work last evening with desperate en« orgy, employing means according to cirenmstancee, such as wteeing, dining, eoaxmg, Ecolding, shearing, prajing, entreating, threatening, mvei^hng, bozzing, promising, and some say even paying-; whica,_ of•course, vour correspondent does not credit, believingUnion, and which would be a blot forever upon the statute books Tbe Company which now asks us . for a supplement he was glad to find that a"new policy was now to beof the glorious Empire State.—February 28.1860.THaODON C. YEftMIL YE,giving them power to build a railroad, was incorporated as a Land Improvement Company, and it was'not good policy to grant railroad privileges to a Land Company. There are special laws regulating railroad companies, and such corporations should not be connected with otlier and different companies. This Corporation was owned entirely by Mr. Edwin A. Stevens,and this bill was to.grant to him the power to build a railroad.There was no provision for directors or other officers;it gave thewhole power to the autocrat of Weehaw-adopted, and that hereafter the people were to havefree railroads. But he could not support this bill, be-cause it would deprive other partiefl of rights guaran-teed to them. It had been said that the New-JerseyCompany possessed no exclusive privilegas. If thiswas so, why. do the friends of . this bill comehere and ask for power to take from themtheir rights, franchises, * and privileges? If these own removal from active mercantile life and means ofFROMJOHJN P E T T I T .WASHINGTON.BULLETS AND SULPHUR—THE TREATY. Cocrespondence of The N. Y. Tribune-journfcd for dinner. .AFTERNOON SESSION.He said " I [From thisThe House took up the supplement to the charter of the Hoboken Land and improvement Company.The bill was then passed by the following vote: Edwin A. Stevens is the only man who can get YEAS—Abbott, Applegate, Arrowsmith, Ball, Banghart, Bar.. S. then read the law on this point.] Ifthrough this tunnel, how is it so ? Has the Long Dock croft, Bennett, Bond, Carter, Cole, Condit, Creger, Decker, Den-1853, a man foil from aloft, and, turning several summersots, strik- for *nothing.Itisneveraforerunnerofdeeds.IfCompanymadesuchacontractwithhim1Itlooksasnin,Diako,Graham,Hatervwragocr,Hall,Horton,Larzalere,Mmackienrley, mMarseha, mMotutntt,, Mualforda, JMUcdNlinnoy, A. Du. Fratter- «on, J. Patterson. Peekham, Pipe, Reeves, Ruakiug, Sivy, Stat ford, Stagg, WaJdiin. Wile»—36.would have drowned vary quickly but for the courage and skill of Richard B. Post, jr..,.who, at great hazard to himself; leapwl overboard, and,: with well-directed efforts, sustained the man int the water until-further assistance could be rendered, and-he wa» saved. ....*_"Rttohxd, That the gold medal of the Association. suiUblyns- scribed, be presenthd to Mr. Post, for his hhrhlynioritoxiouscoisr duct on ihti occasion referred to."—Sergeants'«£ L . Roberts, J . Smith, and P . W l Holder of the 1st West India Regiment of Kftssau, N. P., sailed for Europe to-day in the Arabia. Taese men are all negroes, natives of New-Providence, and. have been selected from the regiment, to bo sent at Government expense to the Tower of London, there to. he instructed in all kinds of gunnery. They arrived from Nassau last week in the-British steamer Karnak, and have, since their arrival, lodged on that vessel a t her wharf in Jersey City. During the day tame, how- ever, thay visited New-Xdrk a number of times, and theiTjMoiLHa* garments and appearance attracted con- siderable attention. They, dress, in the Zouave costume, and are familiarly called. Zouaves. They were born undar the English flag, talk onlythe EngKsh language* and are proud to say, that though negroes, they are entailed to all the rights, and nnvileges of an English.. citisen.—A conductor on one of thecity railroad cars, saysr a Cincinnati exchange paper, hasbeenfined$25,fer of tho Metropolitan Bank. In the absence ot the- compelling a man to yield his seat to a lady. Theif it was so, and that the contract was the .one to beremain here fifteen minutes, waa preposterous, unfair, and, to say the least, unjust. He would ask if thismade valid by this bill. If the Legislature is willingNAYS—Ayre*, Bcrroom, Brewer, Brinkerhoff, Coiby, Dey, was not a free Government, and if our doors woreDobbins, Freeman, Hall, '• Hopper, Ivins, Lippincott, lVfayhew, McCracken, Shoemaker, Slaight, Stair, Stokes, Teise, Vanhorn, •Wheeler, Ware—21.The passage of the bill by the House is only the be-ginning of the contest. Although the original billpassed the Senate by a vote of eleven to one, yet fiveSenators were then absent, and some of those whovoted for it at first are understood to be opposed to it,now that its character is more fully exposed. The dis-cussion in the Senate on concurring with the Houseamendments will be the next thing in order. This canhardly come on before Friday. Should it pass bothbrtnehes, there is some probability of a veto from Gov.Olden, and should the bill finally become a law, thematter will, no doubt, be carried into the Courts, and•the country will see two of its wealthiest corporationsengaged in as bitter a contest as ever waa dragged byslow delays to the Court of last resort. The greatpoint of the New*Jersey Railroad Company is, that the ments to same period, $28,189 51. Leaving a balance Legislature has no right to confiscate their property, of $18,323 68. Tho Board then adjourned.always dahgtsrous, and the Legislature should be ered together.this bill, and he asked, " Where are they V. Well, it does in an argument before the Senate, or before where are they? Look around the loobies—loc*a judicial tribunal. Cannot a man of sense Bee that within the bar of the House—see them there. If thiaCompany has no intereat in this bill, why are theybought up another charter, and besides their mainmindand numbers, intellectand battalions. And roadandbranchesitisnowsaidthattheyowntheMor- mDlionsa*eatstrife,therewillmanylawyersbegath- TheAnnualMeeting of the Children'sAidSocietyspeak above his breath in order to accomplish thePresident, Mr\ J. E. WIT-MAMS vvas called, to tho.chair. The Secretary, the Rev. C L. - B a ^ , &** ing does no good in an earnest fight, any more than Camden and Amboy Company had anything to do with , LATEST NE WS B Y THE JURA. presented the Seventh Annual Report, wtog^on mo.careful how they extended its powers. The gentle- greatest possible results in the fighting line. Bawl- man from Camden yesterday said he did not think theCourt held that no lady could chum a seat as a right.••••.'S>•-—» , . lion, was referred to the Trustees, TM*&Wj£jS££ in a secret^society meeting-room, on the third, floor of LONDON, Feb. 11—Noonv Hsh such portions as they saw fit. Wegivoasynopajait gives no force to an idea or a sentence to bellowThe fire ia said to have beenwish to argue this question persuasively with Mr.herselfOrders wore sent from Paris by telegraph to theeorie oncein better circumstances, now povertj-dxfrwa; Home,oy; already too wild or careless Ur paints to.gpy«ra; some, I_Toombs and his fire-eating confederates. If wesbMoened and bred in the life of the streets, othora luat entering not interested in this bill. The pretended^ limit of the Prefects and Sub-Prefects in all the Departments to ii'^nTvet tonderTo its" blows and rub*; a sad, painful oompirty"might be permitted to be a little loose in our lan- limit, for the Company can easily find some legal ob- of Orleans, as very bad effects on the public mind he will be surprised to find how t*»ny asodu. of good have beer*Kopert-guage, we should say to them briefly, in view ofstruction, an'd thus take aa long a ti'^ne as they please. Whoaskforthisbill?TheF^obokenLandCom-pany, the Camden and Amboy P^oiLroad, the Delaware that orders were given on Thursday morning to the almost irreclaimable. Vio'rg. thorn,andKaiitan Canal, the Morr^ and Essex Railroad, newspapers not to allude any more to the annexation tbe thieves and burglars! the rowdies and vagabond, thoWEMM—MMHB, Bum*, CtllUxtt, J. Clark, Colo*, Co_klu»2, It proposes Unit M r millions shall be pnid from our interest, are for this bill. It is opposed by the Bridge write it up as before, ." vowOoyyCoccittii**!,Dvtiua, Dvxsob,Osnettson,Oovor,ttub-&a*8uo»i'.':•,*':!i A- \' fr<y»;».' fi"' -'* **for « * • *• :• .'•i ••••:•*£. Ithe City of Hoboken, and tb.e .etiventecn voters of the of Savoy to France, but in the afternoon countertownship of Weehawken. These parties, being one in orders were given, and the papers, woi'Q instructed toswindlers and prostitute who infest and plunder * great city,saga. ____; _______________Liverpool yesterday/ The gow, had 11 p^wengere,UnitedUntitled Documentabrepresentatives in the lobbies of the House. Mr. A meetbig of the United Cartmen's Protective As- e?y0,0(0 are emplojod in tfaa city.cartmen to learn the nature of the feast to be set beforea bill to-day to prevent'the spread of small pox in the dinner. Why pay them for what we can have for son- charged that this road could be connected,with any them, and a liberal attendance was present at the ap-^, «hing of this isr. without douit, due to the infiV«nCBof the " IB-by tax < n tho District.Senator Fiers introduced a bill to-day, to regulatethe tunnel except the New-Jersey Company and the After a long and elaborate surrey of the progress of mony with^heir previous fast lives, seem- to- take especially Ur £of a cent for carrying milk from Otisville, Orange to an abrupt termiuation by,the departure of the last Erie Railroad. Mr. Stevens, by the Hoboken Land the present age, the special greatness of the western telegrapbingv Many of the girls are respectably married, and an» County, to the City of New-York (whother Carried by train. There was a very interesting scene in the even- doing well. Some have brought out to the country their desti-the canying of milk on the Erie Railroad, which pro- vides tsat the Company shall not charge more thanT R E K T P N , Feb. S8, 3860.From Our Own Reporter.My aketch of the proceedings yesterday was broughtNew-Jeraey Company had a contract with the Long being given for Fernando Wood in a style that defies have settled. The majority of the boys are shrewd, industrious^Dock Company, by which no one should run through description. active yourjp farmers ox mechanics. Tie newsboys, as if lobar- .railroad or steamboat) and the return of the cans free Company charter, had this right, and thus he was the hemisphere, the American Republic, the Empire istate tute brothers and sisters, and a huge number appear to be con- ; New-Orleane dates of Thursday and Friday _re re of charge. The b»ll also makes provision for the early ing. The Hoboken Land Co.'s bill had been pushed only man who could build this road. The New-Jersey and the City of New-York, the. wondrous power of sistently religious persons.W ASHINGTOS, Wednesday, Feb. 29, 1860. Chived by mail, and of Saturday by Adams's Express.delivery of the milk either in New-York or within ha>f a mile of some established-ferry running between Jersey City or Hoboken and the City of New-York.THE SEVENTH REGIMENT.nearly through on its second reading, and members had been warming up for eix home, when Mr, Slaight of Jersey City, one of the principal opponents of the bill, after proposing his final amendment, stated that he had.Company was not, as had been said, a weak Company. It had a large capital of $5,000,000, and was.one of themost powerful corporations in the State.commerce to advance mankind, the importance of the cartmen as connected with the success of our mercan- tile interests, Mr. WOOD arrived at the salient portion of his address, which we give in his own language.It also states that there are six different Industrial Schools cone nected with the Society, the attendance at? which dnring.tha past. 5 ear ha* b e e n W , One of these schools is the Social antfe Industrial School for German Girls, at No/ 4*9-Grand street. There are but four visitors, although there ought to be one for each poor ward in the city. There is abK>a lodging-house con- nected wfth tho Society, where boys are induced to return from vag7ant life to their parents. The report appeals to young men, especially those of leisure and fortune, to aid personally in tho work of the 8ociety. Since it was founded, and since the open- ing of the Industrial Schools in connection with it', 'similar asso- ciations and schools/together with Bora'Meeting* end Keading- fiooms for tho poor1 have been opened in Albany, Troy, Buffalo, Detroit. Cleveland, Cincinnati, St. Louis, Brooklyn, and numer- ous oiber towns and cities, which are accomplisliing immens«results for the children of tbe poor.Thexe have been provided with homes during the hut y©*itBoys, 617, Girls, 194; Women, M; Men, 9; total, 314. They have been distributed in the following manner: MaSsacnusetts*, 4; Connecticut, 24; Jthode Island, 1; New York, 49; Long; Island, 16; New-Jersey, 22; Pennsylvania, 4; Virginia;?; Ohio, 33; Illinois, 9; Michigan, 10; Iowa, 8; Indiana, 352; Wisconsin, 3; Kansas, 3; Missouri, 6; Texas, 5; Minnesota, 1; City, 22T; Institutions, 24 -. otber places, 6.The report of the Treasurer, Mr. J. E. Williams, wis then presentee and adopted.Tbe receipts from all sources, inclndingbalance on hand on the 1st of February 1859, was fti'Z 635 92. The expenditure WM 8)12,210 11, leaving a balance on*hand of $425 81. During tho seven years of the Society's existence, the amount expended b y: The Macon (Miss.) Beacon states that a rich silver njine has been discovered in Noxubee County.Mr. Mannnirre to-day gave notice of a bill au-ISnEW-YORK LEGISLATURE. thorizing the Commissary-General to furnish the 7th been approached by the friends of the bill, whohad inserted in the newfeiTy charter for such a road, merchandise, and sustained the heat and labor of thoRegiment of New-York State Militia with>an entire set of camp equipage.PRIZE-FIGHTING.Among the bills passed in the Assembly to-day was the one to prevent and punish prize-fighting.THE PERSONAL LIBERTY BILL.Mr. Yermilye, from the minority of the Assem- bly Committee on the Personal Liberty bill, made the following report:Tbe undersigned, two of the Committee to which was referred the bill •• to secure freedom to all persona within this State," re- apectfuily report: .offered him any amount of reputation and votes, all the law business of certain roads (he had been speaking of the Camden and Amboy Co.) in the County of Hud- son, and, besides, considerable pecuniary persuasives, if he would cease his opposition.Whereupon Mr. Peekham of Hoboken declared that he had been approached by the opponents of tho bill> and offered as nigh as $3,000 if he would vote againfat it.Singular as it may seem to ordinary people, these declarations excited no comment, not to speak of a Committee of Investigation.but it was not deeraed practicable to build it, and thecompany paid an annual sum toward the support ofday, he said:But, my friends, you are placed at a disadvantage inSENATE....AT.BA.VY, Feb.29, 1860. The New-York Canvassers and Inspectors bill wasreported favorably.Mr. MANN-EERE noticed a bill to furnish the 7thjResrrrcent complete equipments.Sir. FHSRO rniroduced a bill to limit the charge ofmilk freight from Otisville, Orange County, to New- York, three-quarters of a cent per quart.Mr. MURPHY introduced a bill to provide for gen- eral vaccination.Mr. CONNELLY introduced a bill to legalize theacts of the Common Council opening Fourth avenueto Severn-ninth street.Mr. MANNIERRE introduced *a>ill to establish a tbey hoped to convince them of tho unconstitutionality of said Directors together at any time in 15minutes. Mr. E. such a road: the greatest difficulty usually was to find afford to carry a certain class of goods a certain dis-Mr. Graham gave a brief sketch of the history of the Comparing the chances of the merchants to enrichattempts to procure a road to Hoboken. A clause was themselves with those of the men who carried theirthe Hoboken ferry, and if the track had been budt thereceipts would have been much larger. He was not this wi?e: Your rates of fare, or cartage are fixed byhere as the advocate of any railroad company. He would vote for a road to accommodate the people oflaic. You are not permitted, under the law, to receive beyond a certain price within a given distance for cer- tain classes of goods. When you transcend theseNewark and Hoboken. It would not; deprive the new rates of prices you are liable to be fined—possibly to ferry company of their property, and would not perma-nently depreciate its stocks The present fall in price was have your licenses taken away from you. Now the a'mere stock-jobbing operation, and in a month from hardship isr and I have no hesitation in expreseing itthis time it would be as good as ever it was. He did i not think it any objection that this road would be builtas euch, that these rates are not in keeping with thetimes—that is, for instance, if from any extraordinary by one man. He thought it very fortunate that a man combination of circumstances, house rent and thenec-men who are now so anxious for this road, obtaining knowledge on these various subjects proba- had possessed the necessary enterprise, if they had bly doeB not entitle me to give an opinion. I will say.-Mr. Tiese said that he had yesterday endeavored notto kill the bill, but to amend and perfect it. In thie hehad failed; and now he only wished to call'attention tosome other, points alluded to in the course of the de- den, President VERPLANCK in the chair, and all the bate. It was said that all would be well if this newroad would cross the rivers. What prevents themfrom crossing 1 The law. That is the power; and thisbill is to destroy this law^ and to give to a Company,consisting of one man (and he, by his own statement,a bitter enemy of the New-Jersey Company), thepower to take the property of that Company;. for the billgives-the power to take not only bridges, but the road.A plausible amendment had been inserted in thi3 bill,by which it is made to appear, at first sight, that thiscorporation will not take the bridges unless legal ob-stacles ar© put in the. way of constructing bridges forthemselves. But what does this amount to? It issupposed that the New-Jersey Company will tamelysubmit to such a bill. They can obtiin an injunctionPrince Alexander von Heste is going to St. Pee«r&« of the Reportthe building NcsSit Broadway, causing damage t*time within which this road is to be completed, is no interdict the publication of the last letter of the Bishop And yet when one comes to kn^s- them ana their histories dropped here and there into tl'^ir hearto* They constitute»—... • —gutmwww.fultonhistory.com,.^-r.^^. _•>»--/•.•,.->•——-•;-nnmumtttCOMMISSIONERS OP EMIGRA TION.The Boardmetyesterday afternoon at Caatle Gar-i msome slight damage to rails acd joiner work* ThePariscorrespondentofTlieLondonTimeswneasilyinfluencedwheny'our*v:,luaxatowy*•o»u•r>s-•t*h•e-yare.*iob"o sonwasinjured.TheHuguenotlaidovertorep>&were anticipated. dsmierous class in the commnniiy, yet they are oomparat! tforr > -_, if uaradeemea, w"^ oomo• A.- _ .___.miir iisriii___.In 1836, the wholeing the rigging each time, finally struck his head on the mabtF I R E IN ©ROADWAY*—Last evening a fire occurred.—,•"'. . 1m Thomas M. Tryniski 309 South 4th Street Fulton New York 13069 