 THEWOMAN'S LIBRARY.ADiinmightbeattracUveorrepulsive"J it TMi„ht he taken up or let alone at pleasure. A 31r. Gongh's Welcome at the Cooper Insti-New-York' -at ^ « Ch.'L*lavirliSa,d? M??'aK*^»'J»to>i'>trBerl.mtn, do. 'g rAh?*^?1r.''»Vf»'S„THAiiMMllarnSture,that while It took the XTB FORMAI. INAUOURATION. S^°tr,arfof^mnn, it left aside his worst oart. Andtntc—His 8peceta on Temperance.EngiBMrH. Wulsbergrdo.;e F. I. A. Boole Musketeers will parade in full aod Mrs. Gabriel WhaMlre?,¥'RoVcrh"ena"tonr?' R"jal1^S*„Vo;^lH^,''"''*"J-^"*r.-force,andproceedtoJones?Woodfortargetpractice. nelJ,New-York;JacobKreiwhordo gi."-,?'^*^ffpeechetBeecbcr and Ju. T. Brady, Esq.The Woman's Library, an inatitntion whosek man might carry him along with him and pay for no t^c^Mbui his own fare. -Those Intellectual giants, Bussi'iT and CmuJuawoaxH, might point their thun-iii- der at each other tlirough opaque paper,hM Ken an instance in which the estimates by an eo-2Krrkfe',teK^SS''orthrcSlr'ac'te^Je' Council in front of the City Hall, and a banquei v/V2 (SwdyHook. 37| OOT. Islasd, t i6| HeUOU*.. .l»tgeepUonisduetotJIieeffortaofoiieor •whose TOceereful progress to completionof it ;fuVniiure, and carpet, too, which was all very w«U intht,Jta»gJ&a5LEh.l.*l«t Ust eveniag, ftllvd tfafl boiUiac ttf orertowing.«aterially aided by the sympathy,He couledvery oiiatm-*rflftnfili#a>*nin«K»n«d«*«--'-crowd^edJ, ijin-rr _ .....manyprominentgentlemen,by a desire to elevate the social cAjdiUonshould own of womcv- EEC a manlibrary.i^feg^^y s«0C;0&gl7uaiizlDvttonia8bear.they tboriSSf "andvow- **o senBs it as a thank offering,' to be appUed by»b, contributing to their mora, and "ancement, was last night formallyinteOlgance. was this: first, foondJ 'CeiMpIt^^**^«.f'il!<>'^*R«. re«)lmIonadoption gf the r*Le as PresidentBallock, Havana. Livingston, Croeh Wm. Abbott, Smith, Polnt-an-Petre, R. P. J•i^e "lendaScc. „dexhibitedmorethantheordinarj-^ota* Ir " or ^BPSSBSuoaft AinoclfttloB Vr. Cutuk spoketrash not, JlngtocirconriBBOaSiwas vord^fwelcometothelecturer,closinghisad-others,B. B. DYER, No. 957 Broadwty, opposite Fifih-avenu* Botn..of afflu-,~->H J. lUTMOND, Beo., prtriied. In opemng tl.e pr«- eecdlngs he said that the pleasant task of presiding CTi this oeoaslon bad been assigned to him, more by as President of the Board <>T Trustees of the Woman's Library, than from" c^£f£'i4,S;sr8t.^Jr^#^„2SJt Ience and rffpeeisSilJty.dress, familiarly but emphatically, with yoe, JoBir, you're welcome home again."God blessUr. Beboek's Billiard Eihibitio,^—jhe It vas laid OB the table, tUd onrnoSon^^SeiSS crowd a who desired to obtain kt^J^isianvirtue of Ms accidental positionflatteredself that, when t.e went there that ever.'ing, it wouldfavor of concurring with the Board of Councllmen, lastCole. Petersbnrgh, masterbleugreghC,reTeak,n VBar.u,nt A Sla;A. Van Clef, Lemon, Peters-paredhave and It is wove with a master's hand and has won-remcrks la renrtlto the enterprise. It was notof concarringappro- to-night for the Ijetter accommodation of a tliose wliich preceded it.-TR5iniiB3r -any l ejiui I uuuia fw»-4t, During theplaces,had been some Ume ia;that oon-porttmyeanof its existence, those wtio had been in-rtnisted with its management had taken a more prac-lloal way of exhibiting its efficiemcy, and now called;were laid over for furtherThe ordinance, appointing an Inspector of Rail- "Station-house,were dressed by Dr. Wills. The ruflSans made theirShip Darhaway, (of Portsmouth.) Hill. RotterdamAuB. 17, with mdse. to master.64 Sept, 24, lat. 41 30. Ion36, passed Bteamshls City of Washington, hene* for Liverpool. 30ih,at 8^. it., 90 miles 8. E. from tbetheHIghUnds. passed wreck of a (supposed) brigantine.ployment; and he was very much mistaken in theirschools than on any previous year. The Fifth Ward School, In Varick-street, enrolled over 300 names, an^ M.;in a restaurant at No. $3when they saw the nature of that change,from violence at Uie hadds of a man Regiment. It was referred to the Comptroller, with 'Slip,)ing, 8 A. M. and 1 P. M.8th. Willrepalrwithout discharging, and sail ia about 10 days. The cargo ql schr. Caroline E. Simpson, arrived lOth. consisting of coals, was sold 14th at aaetion forper ton. The repairs to bark Margaret are pro-character If,ttey did not tlieinselves recognize this duty, and dis- diarge it with pleasure and alacrity, by making abun- dant provision for the Woman's Library^protect herselfwhose intentionsrent'. On Sunday, the 26th of February, tliisher personpower.The Auditor'si for he was sure that when Mr.579 Broadway.At Bordeaux, Aug. ship Rachel, for New-Orleans 19,R. A. Hearn, Stewart, for New-York Sert. 30two ladles, andlibrary.Eveiy man should own illsturnbefottAssociati-Ihibbiates'Ho|(e.has been croughLong 1 ofite higbest tommendatioji.^ 'andsupportofset his foot on It i but',: betirelhe hnuf aps^iited for the l«ct»^'^ *^;. qqau «.*^^"*^^"*^°i'v?"*Vl ^o»"mlitce would report that rfH. Atlomey-at-Law, No. 15 N»»-; 'lt>! way,thoughwho have been actuated mure tiian ahilis ownthe-etorgcs of tda Honor, have not AiuBTKoiia, Esq.,Ho«0i bv Mm. but that have beoenly not teM KQ-^reet, on behalf of an anonymous contrihutDr.x'"'-="«^'"»' ^^then found yo u-*»««M-W-artate/^%.Bt^Avid,M'*T—^^of B.'That ttiisChatham-street, in this City, tothose reformed or reforming Inebriates who are,g.; «*•"P^'mefeJti^ng^alt a pubUcthe grow tage- libraryChlef-Enrfneer^'aadof said Inebriates' Homemay become, inmates injgefitture. s iich a noble of Chrietlwi om- May examplejaathropy have its due influence in \xiBS faOoWaa By1^»market, C. C. Omkneertaken lus berthhe would make tlie bestevening. As to the Ei-Govemor, (.Mr. Ritmoxd,) hecould nothelp thinking he had "mistaken liis voca- her to a cell, where shethat abotU 12 o'clock on Saturday-was in selecting watt ran of the subject to talk about. If we spoke of it in the way ol aentlment, every feel-father's house, she t>esought that he would send her;ing of our hearts waaaddressed; if in the way of mu-charges prefbyknown to them." He was a native of -Vlbany, 27 yearsof age, and Officer Blaib, of the Fourth Precinct,bushher but he couldOf. her .ex, however deg-'adedr^therHeat livingAtBAjrr, Monday,checked by a steady rain-storm. Whiat heavy withdeclining prices, and offerings exceeding tlic demand sales 2,600 bushels prime white .Michigan at $145; 3,300 bushels white Canadian on private terms. Bak-Queenstovm.^I'ichaside frum-these.-we Tamf"•W^^h^?'„^it was notshe had taken up her resldaacc there, that her fatherCommittee also. as followsThat your Committee thereupon directed their on Oct.Arrn-ed from Isexv-York Emperor and Eunide, in the -ei'",? V/_>a'.bclonked -- '">--'t°oa^l"h^at.hls house ever:coiidllio:'.II, Island on theitforiike a vme without a trelhs.lauLly did ii.ot entertain liie days previously, slightest appreliensioaof (he ISth day «f September, ult., and that the nextBcFFALo, Monday, Oct 1^ P. M.address will be dehvered Esq.^chfor its motive theIjid elc7atii.?o tEe 'o^lHi'o'',;the Police Ben -h wMch would be made vacant in case Judge MirruEW T.BBENNAHwere elected of the RegisterMarhcithe AnnualI,e delivered byHpn. Wa.;practiceto Invite thenot but recleoize in each ene she hid soS e-family.SecondThe Fourth Regiment at—woaisn. A woman without a non,. „ Bvernbioir t^,P°,fat The.-dokeBaADv hadinespeechhe went into Next Thai your Committee held first meeting on the coat to a man for $1 50;; barks Lone Star, Diver, O. A. Cochran, Noyes, for New- T. W.dlnu.Xl-'^V"''^'"^non. It isproposedofficers 1:.'a:! tiieFAIK.^_ An THK* (Tuesday) EVI.S-.40f working women rPD.,1?1r^r ."'•' physically, wL enough ^^ V oi ,i piytoi06 for 1 No.irtagout fie sympathTes of the wtiolesecondTappsitsales 15,00051' '!i^?^/-"o'„f? the coitre^^objecfmoral element-lnoMr <;b?p"I,1?!' "r" "•'; licr;elf will L 'i'""'''^"^ """r'that while the parties accusedcontingencythe State has no power to fill any suchSecretary of State, in case Mr. Brxnnan resign^ fif- teen days before the next December election, will bebushels Wheatin«ance, tiie mteliigenqg-ihe'.^i'y.'°•iSL.^'iu.'.'TM"-'"",? e?"" W;^^=ita-i* „.« .h""''' "«^« ''""^ner of :ooingof theto arcompany lier fatlter, and, finding it to talk with her any farther, the JusticeSept. 26Ashland, Moore, for California.vo. I. nnne that are living, it had nothing in it that^tie yctp-goyk Eiyeg, gtttt^aii, <)>ggiiaL JOHN B. GOUGH>8 HETUKN.able prizes. Aithoogh the weather was very disa-Mbjc and plater. San FraBr<lM.A^Sel^meS.;theyhadarerypleasantexcursion,andre- turned to the City safely at about 7 P. M. To-day:do.; >lri. MariaSui iiwice«dteoUty. Ok w^ thewas for all men. Job.m Mutoi., if Jive, could KP nniv with one man, and that man might soon getAlldemonstrations seem to centre at &eMfB*-but withal, books became wonderful friends in a land,would there*j £'fi^;?f^'sr^^?oSllrC'22ite'?,l^T^2,i£he discussed on theTheundersigned gratefully acknowledges the receipt of $200 from W.to for notliiiggiveforup].tee therefore present for tahcecused, of the Inebriates' Home, No. 1»«' «*B»tTelUlBlseh,lpe Ariel, Wilson, Aspinwall, &. B. Alt^"-riedlibrary. Let the cl ther. [Langhter.J" ni r"Alfred W Craven,Tappen. A«Ei8tant CommlsKlonerof tlwOh>passedThe difficulty, in speaking of the Woman's Library, reply to his demand if she were ready to return to herlOlh of ult., when day Soplemljer,,. tion," because he had occupied that place (the pulpit) with so jBUCb ability. [Laughter and app^use.]night.were attendedThat previous to the assembling of the Commit- refused to give it to him and struck him three or four $1 ua. CoEHfirmAug. .Lucas, do. do.brigrimmm.itvw^f toiou'^hstory alariiic. tLcwho were assembled Hastening up stairs,The Mayor,It is thus;fresh flowers and "I«'!Vibu ion- of fruits, by poultry,•^^—^necJie. s to argdc that there be cuui l^t uiam",vacancy.;^awH^g Sn»JMl!MJ^'"?fi'^ •>« ''*" had en- fore Committee, or to lake a sin^e step called your»s or tooinany books.' '"'"r,?*'"^'^at once sV.mmon^H "i,^**' Tluray-sixth-street, was Mayor, and enter upon the tnvtfstigationH''.""^manylerod the rpR "triV rlM.!**^"",?";dowers, medlamli,,. and L^t^'i"'.!'""'^ *" the left of the towards the substantiation of those charges.uponelection, ;Oeean SlKila.«aa whose leaves sliouIJWitbtfr. "Wit ooaW not have too many uf iiic.;efill it, even were he so dispos^ed.A. Tallmaihie and the-F. I. A. Boolk Wm. O. Davies, New-York;;ASJPimiliC- aw;there ought to be a L;r,r;irv *i tbe talerastitalmost every guild, of every cUss or m^cty. Booka^liere men's best soul.' Incaniutiil. .\ kook, unlike a mUi had no prejrdice?, no fee'irrp—evening the unibrmna. ^ .'i^ ^.'^s ^nl!allleilmllnfuliDossc.«ffonof herfn"eultiiThe F. A."Sinclair, numbering 90 muskets, went onAugustus Wierioh. lialeuB, Philippfail to be affect mightShi? had the. meeting of your Committee to c»afront secretly pro-Tiie loresl 'rees. the fieldsrTM, TMr| „"'i^'''!!J'*^""is^'^^i^^sbleed- charges,Pro and JsaUtyThe mails forclose at the New York Post-oifice at Ik andtopursuant an,lfPPles.the, delight of .latiirV. N^ews-iniury which in „ii appi.cri.io o "ret othe installation of a newi,\erefore, ttiat candidates for the vacancy shi'ild wor-Gov. MoEOAH on Ihe subject. He will hnve no va- can<"T to fill, except for a term of one mon.ii, and no»i?JTM^^gJS'e.dS22,,ti^iMker rains, he Uioughtprwefatal,"oo andTappinare,intheofyour3!i6\lockV,S?NWIN-l'lIRO^' uter,Rula'r Li-triil. ^J^o. H. Fvr.B,or Jir-id-waitcr inaprivate family or respect-lakes out of eneversuch a river waswhich theyaud cast upon him the burden of proving ll.ins.hisallega-JOHN B. FOGARTY, Chairman. ,'"J Se^cretaries.ks should growopened, alj hundreds andand after cr.n.uUati.m ihe"L^^JJ^i",I;the^ FBascBcera !<Biled.books wtcopinion(r.M.neveri-'<t(jic .sati>Gcd fi<-m and tintnir.of answers that the the erroneousHr. and Mrs. Kosf.n Ackerman, do.; Lewis Tappan.A ,l,le;"T. J. Rogers, Day, Cork and aown ground, and he should own his own house and Ills—Thetiedid he think that(Mr.B.)forwhoseuseitwasdesigned,byTir rM*PTw'Bchurch, in Broadway. of the especial needef ivldlng woBM» wWh i**^ Cpjum to the audltf^. in behalf of the Yoxnifbelterthnnnoreadljf^. HecMlclydBilamidstmuch( Mr. B»AB7 was pr("'OK^" ^^"^^^^r-verting tbe purpose of her parent, as on several occa-OF THE SPECIAL COMMITTEE —THE COMMISTIONERS EXCULPATED.' Schools.—The—Change of Hours.—saved, as only a portion of the forward part remains. Hands are now engaged in her an- chors and chains. gettingSt. Thomas, Sept. IS.—The bark Ellen Morrison, Plait of and from New-York, arrived at this port 13th, withof sails and rigging, experienced a on the having galeattempt She states thatAt the meeting of the Board of Aldermen last lastto and from New-York anddlf: then get jnar-aad t^n iimnd yoaiOOCGH made his ^>- peemree 4» the {iieUcnA. m^a. Jams Harper, as ^:Board dp not concnr in tte ve*the maintenance ofB proceeoeatt) spaaltPrettdentorthe'erettfaatf, introduced Rev. Thio. C. lA spite of the weather, was large, ing, for even novel- ^ ag, he mU, vUdi wA a;,j,;eauet Board, as. dated July 11 and 18,^^i^ ^^Ck Baxter, Rio Jaaeiro,e.g.c3tr^T"' ^^^amid ex- He hatdm^VOf^'Miehim-gentlemenla the exhibition of Mens. Bxboik, at '^atLix'a BU- Uard Rooms, comer of Broadway knd Tenth-street,WrSmitk, B^^LCbrlaaiDB, McCresdjT Kon* Co.- llr- rover, Hughes, Wilmington, Mott *was made to bend her to theirThesteamer Flushing,on and after October vtill 1stthe last few dajrs of her to lock and barricade the door of her t>edroom, tomakeMarket 10:30 A.M. and 4:30 J>.duringevening, and, notwithstanding the inclementonlytwotripstoward her were abettedbyThe £lgh& Ward, Clarke-street* School, registered aboutthemorning she was again brought before him, and in;tual obligation, who could not lielp eatertaiaingthestrongest interest in its favor ? He could imderstandwell what a devout Catholic feels in the presence of joy, that she might return to the residence of her held on theCana; Wheat; 6,300815 bbls. ^xyorrj—:Freble, at Deal David and Caroline; at FalmnththeVirgin Mary, "and dt scarcely needed us to feel it felt vfSat it was to give her thatand Tappxx both appeared before Committee, yourIsland, watch.imprisonedforstealingaFlourbush.Wheatmore than when we;diviae reverence which isman. He couldmanthatdevoutine Virgin. He never met a %onian in thestreet with- Hr. Gbiffrv. That gentlemanhadknownher from hertained in the of the which answers messages Mayor,;-489,575Barley;jtririKrfyromaimost.say thit he felt for a true wo- reverence v^ch a Catholic gises to3,530 bush. Peas. Imports since of Deal ;out feeling that she was one of that kind of whom hissaid officers expressed his desire and anxiety to havefor the occasion. The First Division, it is said, will be Inspected withm a month. The regi-; 165,475,041 feet Lumber.;mother was one.•"- Misfor.une might have overtakenstances of herliistory, and thatthe charges preferred against 1dm thoroughly exam- ined.Oct 1—6 P. M. Flour Not much doing, operations beingmade to the Magistrate, and he toldto her That on the second of great meetingBarleysheaboutsixweelusincewenttoliveattheinfancy, and was perfectly familiar with the circum-nexed.That the said answers having been read, each of proaching, and the various Brigade Inspectors arc bu h.Sailed for .Vdi-yor/l—16th, Flying Fish, from Dublin;Henry Buck, from Sunderlandofofice accorded her a sheltec and she iiac iieenLatest xnasince, -aUbaughafterFanny Palmer, at Queenatown;traced her and acnoyed hercently he im>titut*;l proceedii^fs against Mr. OritpitiiTappen, adjourned17th ult, in order to give ms Honor an opportunity of disputing the truth of said answers, if he desired to;Brewster, at Bombay. Mem.-The Golden Horn, from Akyab for Falmoulli,In the interval, however,40c., by his death a stab at the hands of some person un- New-York. Laie10c.,9c.®9)4c. to Wheat;20,000 Flour; 54,000 19,500 bush. Barley.at at Peal;her,friends in Macdougal-street. This she did, but a con-stant fear that her fatlter would abduct her, made herhwibljr glven.to a true wo- life miserable, and in tiie hope of eluding his presence were verified by them under oath, and are hereto an-bush. ComSeptember 5,298Modern Times, at Bristol;^clerk to serve upon His Honor copies of the answers2d, at 11 A. M.Arrivedfrom Boxon—pa-increase of ce^t over last twenty peryear.25gressing rapidly. _jAU- who hare heard Mr. Gocoh, mustrbe aware of the great dlflSculty which attends telling what he says iKdlfiicult fo: him to fall Intoany e-lror but one, at or how he fe^ 5 it. It Is about as easy to follow hisBeVLBl,OQOeoi^eeweTeordRedi'»obe printed.;rA report of the Commltiee on Salaries and OAce»P. Howe, Chatlln, Corpus ChMrciCsrtie,ady, McCready,liibitlon of s'-.iutation friendl.yleast, and that was as to ids own identitybut he con- chnin of reasoning as to follow a chain of lightning, for;;time than was requlisd to make a few pre- very distinguished gentleman who had just left catch the cv«r tints of alens. oneHe took it for granted that devoted in his domestic celadons, he (Mr. B.) had was scarcely necessary for him to aay anything uf been more Catholic in his associations, and more gen-roads, but entitled an ordinance to amend the ordi- term of Columbia College commenced yesterday. The apparently about 300 tons, full of water and on ber Ibeing heard after the Press and the Pulpit yetTION ATTORNEY NOT ACTED ON.Several resolutions, changing polling places in va-three wreck of a ship of about 600 tons, water-logred withand, furthermore, I am glad to speak in a drous all know, great truths have been spoken to great mul-:to increase the salary of the First Assistant Auditor inany other reeson. He would not detain them for a fessed that, in the first few words that fell from ttie he flashes to hte point at once it were less difficult to the Comptroller's Office to $2,500, was adopted.and The report of the Finance Committee, in favor of.;About hdndaed were admitted, to the ex- DemiU, Hendrickson, Havana, t. B. Gager.ndRr.iMa., ;greatGocoB, the great Champion of the TempeiantJJ Caaiiiwho for the last three years ha. been absent inof thewill1kik#tty Btate. that, in their opinio^i, there neiv If a'. JoH^ OTTO 16 in command, l»iiked by the admir-a Dattalion ofof Bon. H. J. Rajmond, fiev. II> W. Thed of him, but his immortal essays live for all, and Cooper Institute. The announcement that Joaa B. 3«iW1ant.hateowiltservolr, your Committee r^to de«B Jt « Company of Horse, and a Battery of Artillery.but, in the same way, it had been opinion, indicated the growth of public sentiment of his labors abroad. Among other incidents he men- plied with." The Inspector is to report all violations said to merchants' clerks that they might hdve access in favor of extending larger privileges to wo- tioned being invited to speak before the outcasts o f of any ordinance by any Rdilrpad or Gas Company to lo any one of the other libraries be had named. Their inan. He gave numerous illustrations of this ad- Dundee—a motley, miserable crowd they were—do.,«11 those libraries;Singularafternoon, the dead body of an unknown man wasE.,-,deliver the Initial 'jecture of his !»-" to alOsaly approximated to the actual result, ana 1^|MARINE I?n»FJT .mCTyr!g,,SXV-TtMBv.. JMf—TOAjr. Oct. I.wby e'a^\cI»L )<WUffln6..T*ft".J^Tf) a»^.'-g«tr-TOher's shoulders MpTOveU by the answers of ther^^^^-S^J!! '^^.,IcngeTfatory«<u«.e two yeus, as be f<rand by the racord ef tba pro- TON laviKo had immortai^ed in his legend of liis action ujwn paper. As to " thread of discourse," Maj. Morton Fairchild, was recommitted, because no number. The exhibition last night was similar tothat spot, (the rostrum,) he felt ondition of Rip Van Winkle,much in the changing vewrhyom Washhio- fasten them on canvas, than totrc^ical skycluBion of many more. Arrangements will be mailean«f,«dings,-Einoe a meetlBg had b«ea held in that place "Sleepy Hollow," for it would seem that he has none, or if he has it Is not perceptible. His bill of items was furnished.Arriwed.Tor the purpose of oi%lnating what was then a new he waF. not himself, but something younger. He arms seem to be the framework of a loom and hisof fact and otThe sum of $2,fi00 was appropriated for the Five Points House of Industry, and the Board adjourned tonext.BOARD OF COUNCILMEN.Ship Wm. Frotbingham, StetsonV^avre Aug. 21, withmdse. and 17 passengers to Boyd A Hlncken. wasMds.Two Men Badly Beaten in the Fourth in the Channel with heavy westerly galea, daring whichspHVksillB. Hadwesterlywindstbevhtirepaasage. Onin tMs City, the formation of a Woman's(Rev, THr. BJ had designated him by a very dis-the shuttle he weaves a ^—Waxi). About midnight, on Sunday night, two men the Banks, spoke Fr.projectLibrary for the City of New-York.•ommlttaewasappointedtocanytheprojectintoef- tb»t,-wtrtte-foBitmUUlSldewfih«»buildiimhadled hearers,anddrawingthemtohiminwraptattention fect. W8e(her or not that committee had ore- to collision alone, he was liappy to find such candistinguishbrigEugenia,flsbing. Ant.33. 42 B8. Ion. 58 20, passed a bark showtDg a signal, white.thissayover the soulsofhisground, Mae border with three blackalBO three black balls in her bafli inlhe centre.At tkat time atinguished title;jnaklnghev wouldThursday— THE MEW INSPECTOR OF BAILROADR AND CAR COM-named Jobr Habkih and Mabtih O'Nxil, t>oth con- latence toit like a net.but without particular allusion,further refer-tonguefancy, spreadingtissuea fusion as was presented there. He felt honored in youneither norwoofofthefabric, warpShip Baltic, Zerega,streets. The faces of both the men were literally Iron to Zereea k Co. Newport Aug. 20. with coal anApounded to a jelly. HASxm was struck on the bacfc Sept. 6, lat. 48 IS, Ion. 3> 06 pajaeS« formal report he could not say,but of -one thing he would assai« them, aolthat was that the LilHwjy could make a better re- Xkcenwhere, from the honored lips of one whom we melted to tears and convulsed with laughter, a re- riousY. S. M., made an application for a drill-room for thefrom Flush- Fire in a Eestauraht.—About 2i.o'clock yes-Board, rcspeclfnlly report consigned theirnightFulton. ;waist-anywhere else but there.properrcpresentationsofthemeritsofthecasehadbeen him,withwhichhisHonorrefusedtohouse of4.061,932 bush. Com; 296,941 bush. Oats; 537,313Cordelia, from the Aurora, Excelsior, from LiverpooLlonghis Se- of Messrs. Craven and and to the:Clyde Deal.;Daohess, atappeased^'^"day, however, sue seemeu lo be more cheerAii be made.; sales lO.lJOO bushels Western mixed at 67c., and 6,000"''"he woman had yaonghave been on ready everythe of his his Honor has steadily refujeJ to apv>ear be-bushels Com els Barley, raiialui-VCa .uar^i byt"°u' ""^ """e' «'£^ ay evening.I*"^Dr. Btsn.cx ca led i)r '^p?'TM" ""= """>'' herself,"'<^ Of.. Sowers, whose roof; ehould ncwr le,s. ex.-ep. in ,i,e cu„,i„^cen^ of ,!?/'?"?."""" ""pe- tl.i rcfore dra« no other Inference than thata«.<lstpncc,perf.;rate<f the fion-.acl, fn i7o 'lao-s k °'. "•*.u.-V , case her chauresoriil.?n". S eA! a l.-iie hour ian ^.Ve'nl^^^";" hi'can This he has failed to do, and your cnmmihtelheacs be-ryIHiwei'to The y-for BamliUTC—MTf. M.UDc.frums to in the njgiceprer.trin..-, and asserts that•!. r.-peat it-e attempt on iierl^t,it is. atili.it thiTtmt p.sa^e^ w)ilr-)i i-spi«ri:e- ticct;^*J, tml justicet.apt. J. B.iheir third a'«'i"al target excursion, yesterday, tocantr call at, Ng, 134 East JM-et\f:iet iha.* her ("on'lMjL.,i,iai)clit.sgiveevri*' "^notby tlie:<: ihcu; demands that s;riker"tNew-Orleans; Adolpii 11.persectttlens.is consider- Sales 4.000 bushels 12,200 bushels Canaila East atfor the30terday xnoming,a fireoccurredquarter ending Sept.After paying a tribute of merited praise to the lady called to see her, and attempted, evidently with a was received, from w hich it appears that there has the same number. In the Eleventh Ward the attend- 182 West-street, and da'm^e to the extent of $700 wasLibrary is primarily due, and by whom, Mr. Rathoxo said, adegr-eeof courage and of tiigh endeavor had been exhibited, such us lie had seldom seen In any de-chloroform. She detected the odor of the narcotic, City accounts, $1,492,222 94. The report was accept-ars range from eight to forty yeai%and there aresurance Companies.and, unable to bear the torment to wiiich she had been ed,and6,000 copiesordered to beprinted.some even older than that. A large proportion belongAladin—brig, strg. W. by S., was passed, Sept. 30, lat 39, Ion. 71 30.reportto whose exertions the fotmdatidn of tlie Woman's base purpose in view, to make her insensible with been extended on trust accounts $1,132,967 72, and on ance numbered nfarly 1,000. The ageii of the schol- done. Insured in the Hamilton and Harmonia In-8p«keB9 Acc>pleasure, some months ago, to stand in that ing that a temporary belter might be afford- mlssionerts Department, as followsplace in close connection with his friend who ed her. Her 'was and bi First Clerk to $2,000; Second Clerk to $1,500; the schools on that evening, as the large number of Broadway, is a correct key to one's character, andreqnest complied with,hadjust comein—(Mr.B&adthadjustmadethecourseofafewweeks^heobtainedasituationto ThirdClerkto$1,500;FourthClerkto$1,200;Fifth absenteeswillmateriallyreducetheaverageattend- properlyapplied,cannot fall to be useful—bark, from St N. Sept 16, lat 43, Ion. 62.——Gwemor Bajj>T. Clerk to $1,200. To take effect from the IstJan., ance of the term a point on which all the teachershis appearance]He felt quite sure that If his doctrine could only be filling tills position -her father by some means The Special Committee appointed to investigate Death op Rowe, the Reputed Thiep. Cor-[AdTertiKnient.jJudge for yourself by actual proof, and not fromhearsay. If you are dyepepUc, suffering from bilious complaints or attacked by fever and ague, use Hoiio-[Laughter.] nurse an invalid lady In Macdongal-street. While I860. It was laid over. seem to exhibit a laudable priae.carried oat, and if women could hav« their right of learned where she was, and In June last he the made Mayor Woon against Messrs.— oner ScniEUXB yesterday held an Inquest at the New-voting restored to them, he would b^^ovemor. rRe- newed laughter.] He knew of but one^lemish in his (Mr. B.'s) moral character: it was that while he heldhome with her her that in case she parent.assurlngshould refuse, imprisonment would be the alterna- tive. The poor girl, however, persistently declinedwas uselessYork the of David,Rowa, thewat'sand the result willaprove perfectre-of being a- disobedient child. The magistrate he did not carry it out in practice. [Laughter.] It had remonstrated with "her, and advised her to goTo the Uonorable the Board of Aldermenion. 4R1i3c1hWm.ond,.'a very orthodox in theorywoman's rights:the sidewalk Innear with Roosevelt,Sept 1, lat 13 04tobeen his necessity tmt not his pleasure to precede Mr,Chatham-street,N.,Boston, strg.BaADx on a He previoi^s occasion.again took the lead to-night, not so much as his superior as his pio-concurrence of lids Board in the removal of. Ai.rEXD W, Ceaven, as Engineer, and Thouas B. Tappas, as Assistant Commissioner of the Croton Aqueduct —who Deceased toldstock of new patterns now on hand. WARNER,regardThe undersigned, the Special __Committce to whom awere referred the n\es«ages of hfs Honor the Mayor, deepdated the llth and ISth days of July, 1860, asking the which he died about 3 o'clock yesteMay. Officer Sih- to call at our great d^pOt for Gas Fixture*. A largecharges bycaused her to t>e arrested and taken before Jus Ceavin and Tappas, of the Croton Department, pre-tice QrACKIiiBCSH, «t JeSerson Market, on a chwge sented the following report:oncovery. t•by Mtssrs. Cxavxn and Tappen.tee a note had been addressed by the Committee tohim to before appearmanded the money which he had just receivedsteadysales 5,000 bushels choice Milwaukee Cliib athis Honor the Mayor,acauxHayroI6fh, DeTpnehire D. Webster.requesting them on the investigation of theThe July rendered a verdictthat de;xased came to Flour grata.16th,nest, (JueenstownputimpressionWhen an audience aretitudes in the State of New-York. He confessed that porter may be pardoned if he inadvertently closes his mocratic majority being ^invariably concurred in, Fourth Ward where their wounds;when his Reverend friend liad read that admirablebrickbat,nearlythe three lower masts close to the-deck could notdiscourse to him, in regard tonot well Itnow what to think, but he had this much toescape as soon as the cry for the police wks raised.«pon its friends to sav whether it did not deservd still say, that wliile that gentleman had been so very welcomed as a reformer than as a statesman. He— Reopening of Colombia College. The Fallhis state of he did life,thanked his friends wel- Hr. GocGH for the kindlycome extended him, declaring that he had rather beRepublican changesstrength.and his note-book, unconsciously dropsalternatelypencil.of the head with awere acted on those offereJ the De- inches in l.nRth inflirtpfl in his scalp. It is thought distinguish her name gonefurther encouragement 1-it4be uses of such an institution. Libraries could never eral in his attentions. He confessed that, wtiile he by God's help, be would give bis life and his energies was referred to a special committee. The their professors and dismissed for the *e dispensed with anywhere, so loiig as intelligence was perfectly willingto agree with his fellow-men in to advocate the Gospel by total -abstinence. He did as defined the or- Freshman Class is aforms a practical element of social life. libraries for the student, such as the Astor ybrarycame back, he said, to speak upon the old theme, andnance organizing the Croton Aqueduct Department " several classes gathered together were addressed byends, starboard quarter, just oat of water, span a)lona-ds., with iron to W. H. RIversmlth. Since q)ecial wants, however, required of them that they vance in favor of the sex, (among them that of Mrs. in rags, covered with hltfa, and steaped in the most aimually the number of miles of railroad track laid in found upon one of the floats of the wheel of the low- had liKht airs and calms only.Sept.13 hasHe resumed his seat amid much applause. After a six days to four months. Her power of tongue was the the BoySid. in CO. with ship Essex, of Boston, for Liverpool, toSept. 24, lat..42 30, Ion. (sTcpoke bark Glenwood, (so understood.) from Gibraltar forNew-York, 30 ds. out.Bark E. Sherwood. Clifford. Antwerp and Flnshing 56ibrd more than women ? And only in such a city asKew-Yorit, shouki such a project tail for want of sup-port ? He trusted that an institution so happily begunwould tw enlarged in its scope of usefulness by tliepublic liberality. If the community of New-York re- V. Stoct and Judge Hilton, two of the i'rustees, the moment that this InterestiDg lady turned on the bud, a motion to lay on the tabic plevailing by a vote Church. This wiil be his last effort sponded to the endeavors of the Trustees, tiiere would whom the Chairman assigned to a duty tiiat they ob- tide of her blasphemy. It was that she oYlltofl.few additional remarks from Mr. Ratvoxd, the Chair- man, which elicited about $140 from tbe audience— (a sum that in a few minutes was received by Mr. £.wonderful; of swearing she was an ex qffirio pro-Cooper In-, stitute, this evening, for the benefit of the Sabbath- school connected with the Norfolk-street (New) M. E.that this response would t>e made by the people of woman, well-off or lll-offTto avail herself of its facili- tears, to his, and cried>iew-York with more promptitude than they had ever ties for acquiring useful Instruction and rational man kens all about It." And she signedWjBD BiECHiR h^ signified his intention of being present to aid in the cause.The Firemen's Distttbbance in Ann-streetBark Amanda, Bennis, Havana Sept. 16, with sngar. cigars, fcc, to Hoses Taylor b Co. Sid. in co. with briE EoliinfT Wave, of Fall River for New-York.heretofore exliibited in any kindred or analogous ef- fort. In 'the brief eipefience which tills Library had aforded, there was to t>e found every encouragement andthemostcheeringprospectofadvancingsuc- •ees. It might be well to say that after the meet- ing to wmch he had referred, and at which a considerable donation was made, a special ciiarter was obtained with cheerful liberality from the Stateand that under that charter twelve gen- tlemen, well known to the community for their social standing and their ready participation in all such tie- nevolent enterprises, were constituted Trustees. In ttiat caoacity they hsid received various donations, and It was^Vt to be lorgotten that among the donors wasamusement.POLICE COMMISSIONERS. THE WIDE-AWAKE LAUP.Bark Edwin, Nugent, Antwerp 56 ds;, with mdse. and Co. are fearful 69 passengers to Geo.Legislature;sugar, melsdo, be to Uaitland stock Is illimitable, and of a most varied char- of the Church with which- he is connected, evinced credit upon the Department to wtiich they belong. Phelps t Co. Had heavy ,W. 8. W. gales meet of theShocking TragedyThirty-in TVeat Siztb-BtreetYesterday Superintendent Kennedy made a re-EngineBark Bulkley.Lavanter, (Br.,) Raymond, Boston 4ds.. in bal-lasttomaster.Brig Marcus, (of Bangor,) Libby, Carthagena Aa&. 35.with Unnatural Conduct.a Life of Infamy, yter, as pleases his humor to select them. gratitude by causing up ABSEBSMEJrtS ON THE BUILDINGS OF THfi started deck-load, Hatteias, split sails a^nd He brought the house down by telling of a wo- the Church for the purpose of raising funds to buy a UinriB SiATXB CoDRT.—A copy of the lease by Mr. Brig Hermann, (Brem.,) Havighorst. BreiaeB 69 ds., man who, when reprimanded by a magistrate be- lantern, wliich was presented to the Wlde-Awakes fn BcETO!! to the United States Government of the with mdse. to H. Barnstoff & Co. Had heavy westerlvBaaJA^i H. Field, Esq., ofthls City, whose princely A remarkable and distressing case of at- fore whom she was brought for scratching her hus- behalf of the Police. He added that a had — policemangales the entire passage.Brig Crescent, (Br.,of St. John, N. F.,) Brine, Eastgift of $2,C00, in conjunction with the liberal contri- very band's face he telling her she should honor her hus- to of his butions of others, had enabled the Trustees to take tempted self-destruction occurred on Sunday evening, band who was her head—defended herself by asking aright disposeas be deemed propei;,Chambers-street property has been received fromWashington. A special clause in the document Harbor, T. I., 16 ds., with salt to fiordon, Bruce A Mc-number of female hands,) inclosing $1Mown publications. Dikst & Jacksoh gave fifty the conventional footman, stationed behind a guest'syesterdayfactsInhefarther stated that the leading publishers dinarybeaniyandIntelligence.investigation;and profferred not only the right of selectionbut asked the privilege of adding to it any work thatmight be desired. HiariR & Baos. gave similar as-surances. £u£BS0K, Fitch <fe Co. sent a Cfaromo-lith- relative to the history of the unfortunate young wo- According to Mr. Gougu, to the occupants of the first- will be theAspinwallBatted. fcrHaTaM«"Ne?.drlSi^volumes. Applston & Co. tiad sent their entire cata- stances, which were related to the writer by Mrs. chair to snatchthe second and third floors of t^e ii£wMarket, WMO^xapied tot the Arst time, to any extent, and thrown open for public inspection. Although byefaeiBleri aBaiy-; Bienville.legue,Grifpitb,ladyoccur-throughitof the house in which thewithAndtherence transpired, and other persons to whom the factsfrom a painting by Rosi BonaiCE. Messrs.>iKVHAi«N, CAa7xa& Baos., Scbibner & Co., Dice & man are perfectly familiar. From these statements itplease ;"F]TsoxBAi.D, and other publistilng houses had each appears that Miss Lton, who is but 17 years of age, gentlemen ;" to the third it Is simplyquarters. company meeting rooms, measuring 22 feet by 40, comprising -qnartersographclass car it is: "Yourifers of Health met in secret session in the Mayor'sIt was a great mistake to supposed that tliere was father, wB&; yesis ago, was In well-to-do clrcum-: bis address by & fine aUudon to the events now trans any lack of beneficence in New-York—that the richpletion.It is stocked wlthisoUd black walnut gun-A Child Fatallt Bubnxd. On the 28th of from New-Orleans ; barks Ann Augusta, I.ovett. froaamen were so bound up in the care ofthat their hearts are dead lo ovary benevolentand hardened to every beneroient efiort. NoutlBS^eouid be more untrue. He would venture to say thatthere was no city in the world that exhibited a higher came reduced almost to want. With tlie dis- latter sentiment, Mr. Godqh speaks before the development of active benevolence. [Applause.] And of his so runs the Men's Christian Association ofamassing money appeal,distlJgn°upiT -appearance property, oertainly no instltulion could come to them with he seemed to lose all affection for hisBrooklyn,inPlymouthstronger claims than tills of the Woman's Library.forms us, 30th ult, at 6 P. M., when oir New-London, saw the schr. T. J. Beckett, having in tow the schr. Ferine, of Warren, R. I., from Port Ewen, who had been In collision and filledgresswoman's labor had now been elevated If not enlarged.market, will serve to drill the entire corps, no doubtaRailroad as it waspassing Forty-first-street.He was'Casualty on the Hudson River Railroad.—family,There were men In this City who owed it to women several occasions he made disgraceful propositions to build a Woman's Library themselves, in the pro- to ills daughter, suggesting that the wages of her in- of human invention and discovery the sphere of iquity wxiuld secure them at least tlie means of sub-oonter of Grand and Mercerreverses in his business, and eventually t)e-despotism Slavery byNEW-ORLEANS, Oct. I—Arr. Liv- ships Oroodalet,sistence.Sudi unnatural overtures theyoungwo-BOARD OF ALDERMEN.notand the track was se- falling uponSpeaker was searching for the Perine's anchors.Snip R. H. DiXET, AT Mobile.-Bntllttlemoreofthisstreets,fessor. Men in the towi no means fastidious in by1regard to profane language, were accustomed to runthe sidewalk, but the movement was nipped in the /: ** All true enowthethe pledge and kept it, and was now known as "Hell "Wotilu P0\ |fty$ Uked to be in the minority at the time ofOENERAL CITY NEWS.Mrs. Eatz HOT—Coroner ScHtRMERWIND— and fog below.JVithe iloodt*»Ppiaoim>.awayhis thebefore hedifferent manner In whichthe conductor of an collects tickets English railway|Jihip Golden Eagle, from Snnderland, Ang. l#>,"W>Bsrplate:manyteachers that the Commissioners would closeIonF. 74.Spier John,theyFlourat 60forextraState. Wheat $5;Boyer; Sept. fPEE OLASflOW.);preparing Thht His Honor tailed to attend the meeting of the ments of the;hedraws ,that; splitsails,startedbowsprit;lost disturbance, mean always to avoid Brig Alliance, (Br., of Liverpool, N. S.,) Evenadn.'.*During the day from N. E.rredcomply.your Committee,1 1th day of September ult, Messrs. Craven stated that he had—270,475 bush. Cornand read Ihefr written answers lo the charges con-2,182,560 53,435 bush. Oats;Brigadepopularized ; it waTi,* d^v^n^o- a ,?" fY'^'-y. ''"- abducted the young lady, and b^ing tlie damages at That On that day your Committee assembled }2H P. M., fully uniformed, armed and equipped. e3c. 18.300 bushels Canada West a'. 84c., and 2,000 town to-day, (Thursday.)thanhcaven^f.rL^^veT'J.t^^S'ihnostbrighterin ouc of the civil Courts,cltargingliim wltliliavingdo so.The Morning Star.AMEBICAN INI^TITUTEA home, but alas for ^ againpoor woman "rZ "}"'* "!'"",t (2S.0<IO. Under ihece circumstances Miss Ltoh be- for the purpose of proceeding with the investigation,The Sixth-ninth will be Regimentinspected at Hamil- bushels Clinton County, a very choice lot, at84)BC.act of our Clvdlzailon, tht morninir an.l „ •Uliiualcame-taleshits at tiniesbut clerk finding that owing to some oversight of theton-square on Wednesday, the lOthof 0,:tobpr. in aRte insome inquirysales 1,000 bushels at 74c. Oatscame lo signify tiie cLnverTaJoi 1^'^"'»1-"'ver> despondent in mind, "and Mrs. GairriTBfew the members of the days;mutual aflectionbu'inhomc. It was bad f.w a hoii.e in the City ""=15':„'^u.^;'.""K v.,.re th. .^f i"'"^'tliatfor tl»3past to beweek or two shedelivered to the Mayor, they;the answers had not beensalserabie. again adjourned in order that a service thereof mightCity Guard will 50 toin without chwge in price light requestsales 11,000and wUtrr-,,' perilous for a)„tnRn,'»n ih*n she li.%d been for tome and the That the said answers were served on the Mayor on City regiments accompany them.nerCectlyh* to,.'^ ;'" y.^Rh- tnientian. Slw retired U> her bed-room meeting yo«r Committee was held on the"20th of Messrs.ING, lit o'clock, byTk-T^^. will beueuv- an addre»8ofn,.? „ ? '''°?'' '" "he aftmoon, and nothing was £«pteml}er, ulf.— belter salesbushels30,000 Chicago Spring,ered by Professor M.vPoy. ,.,.„ ,,^ inniial a/ldress at'°f"I'll in the That at this and thee-'i evening, when the previous neetingandRed Winter, on private terms. Coax firmnproceeding from ber room on the CsAVSN andwerepresent. liowever. failed to attend.' family,Thisneed excite no alarm, as the Go.'ernor of bushel.", at 27c. Lake Imports—li.OOO^^.d^^P",^:., The Fxhil>ltionti' „,„,!, Enriched hytheshot by Mayorbushels Oats Exports—SO,tm bushels W^heat""maeh. infUcling an The sworn answers presented by Me«*Ts.unanimousl/nominated CHANI.KK- of 'he XVlfth Ward, as Democraticcanrtidaie,forC-qngreMfromsaidapparent, i>ccasioD of•Police Ju.stice theIhe office will be discharged by extra labor impose! eiciilly to state that shifnH^ I'aticnt u'vlved suffi- thorough refutations of the cliarges of .Mayor. .•3n the other Police Magistrates. There is no need..r aH^^'SL'l,.""'.tu'.iesofj[horougiiiy explaineddc tfos lioie ,itchiit^rn roiitaiiu'il in hi^. two messages werew-i',tocu-rdinir-house, by a Frenchman, (single.) whoprrn.salChas. I oevy, do.; -W. H'r- its. do.; Spiller,ail events, the opinion of your Committee;fbl.. Orleans; Carl Roller, Milwaukee:ipd uc ^erstandsperfectly countryIts referencesi."net a?<iiigii' rliargein eitiier of thoseiCi,Untitled Document;Craven CiSuvnlUeeEurope by theBuropa,from Boston, willinevening was very greatamong them were;;WD..BeKnenwettotn,,Hillard, Col-ikaalstant CommisXner h^^,dfHtmrespecfalitlU f» diachaige the duUes of his |chargesMayorThe MuslteteerscompriseInfantry,heimer, do.: and others in steerage—Total, lli" imnATeu ALHAHAO—4BI8 SAT'"'*'"requested by the m<ea&MSa eHearletta, Brovn,J.e"i»B,an Tlalllaisiiit- ;with the Board of Councilmen topriate $600 to defray tbe funeral expenses of the late larger—PANIES THE CHARGES AGAINST THE CORPORA-siderably the worse of liquor, were attacked and ter-ribly beaten at the corner of Frankfort and ClifT death,anInfant,andonebirth.sallaforward. H"a~d"onewhile consideration.Wehadobjectingtoallsuchchangesasmightaffecttherela-notclaimittobeapanaceaforthecureorthepre-dutyofthisofficer, by largeone.TheLawSchoolat-Lane,boundE.BSueprtg.es3s0,.aGedratmea,nsasweasmhainpfReolbleorTterL-.a man might be dinance. Is to see that the City Railroads tached to the Institution will commenced ;justice ftad been done to woman, and would be done^e Library i libraries for printers, for apprentices, to woman, though more In words than by deeds. Mr. bPeaker, but he could not be a teetotaler and a drunk- ordinance or resolution of the Common Council rela- first meeting of the students wiil be held at 4 o'clock 60 ds., with coal to master. Had westerly winds moft; libraries fur the merchant's clerk, such as the Mercan-tions of the sexes, he must also confess that great in-vention of all crime, and of all evilboard and was lost.Ship Ellen Maria, (of Richmond, Me.,) Libby, ShieldaAnd for every class, and now, at laSL^jye Brady proceeded to quote from a compilation, fur- ard. Therefore, the inference is plain, that for drunk-allting to railroads, and also that resolutionsand or- P. M:, when the hours for lectures will be arranged. of the paasage ;Most sails, &c.&ad a library for women. [Applause.] ha^^,- nished a lady, tlie Improvements, both legal and eness, total abstinence is a cure.^-ii by Gas areThe Law School, though so short a time in being, has 'LShIp Caravan, Sands, Liverpool Aug. 31. with eoal tobeen said, to t>e sure, that women bad access to social, wfucb, within the last two years, haa, in his Mr. GocoB indulged in some pleasant reminiscences dinances relating to Companies fullycom-become an important feature of Columbia College.Howland fc Frothlngham. Sid. in co.with ship RockIIjs third a teetotal-tWef, a teetotal-liar, or a teetotal-Sabbath- are kept in good order, and alsoj" that each and every term to-morrow, at No. 37 Lafayette-place, where theclad the Corporation-Attorney, a ad further to report seml-Ship Brown, (of Abbyanould have a library of their own. And so with wo- Walxir, recently appointed State entomologist in horrible degradation. Among them was one woman the City, the different streets through whicb such rails boat Robert Mintum. The steamer lay at her dock Ship Golden Eagle, (of New-Bedford,) Luce, ChlnehaIslands 106 ds., via Hampton Roads 5 ds., with Kuano to B.irriU Bros.Ship Clifton, Thompson, Alexandria 9 ds., with eoal to K. L. Tajlor.Ship victory, Aineworth, Liverpool Aug. 36, withwomanhood, and that supplied all the argument. [Ap- for his sisters, and seemed to regard such reverence ture, two were always necessary, and sometimes After the concurrence in of several papers of lodged it where it was discovered. Coroner Schiehxi^ C. C.Duncan & Co. To load for Europe.plause-] Who in any one of the departments of for woman as an unfailing accompaniment of true more. Fifty-tnree times she had been convicted of minor importance, Mr. Limt called for the re- was notifled to hold an inquest in the case. ' Bark Pilgrim. Hallock. Bordeaux Aug. 19, and Verdon active life needed the cultivation which libraries af- manly character. vagrancy and sentenced to imprisonment varying from port of the Committee to whom were referred The Boy PreacJieb.—The Preacher, Cram- Roads 25th. with brandy, wine, fcc, to Wm. H. Hasard.jnen. Tlie same argument of ivant might be Georgia, and that of Rosa BoNBXtia, the well-known from wbof^e counteiamce the last trace of be^ty had are laid, and the number of cars running on eacl^ special "urged with far greater force in their behalf. £very painter of the Horse Fair,") by way of confirming been darkened by the iron hoof of debauche]^. For track." The ordinance, however, does not provide forfoot of NortK Moore-street, and the supposition is true-hearted woman luiew and could explain why she Ids views as to the growing Importance of women not years she had been known in the town by no other the mode of appointment of the officer vested with that the body, which appeared to have been a long" time in the should not feel at home in those libraries not adapted only in the purely social order, but in the world of name tban Hell Fire.'* A magistrate, in pointing such universal supervisory powers, nor does itwater, must have been remiJ^ed from itsto her tasjes and uncongenial in their associations. It science and-Nthe domain of art. He alluded with her out, informed him that he never sent a the duration of his official term. But resting-place on the bottom by the motion of the na-1-mdse. and 169 to David passengers— and then one of the floats wnich mightbesaidthatthiswasfalsemodesty,butitwasmuchfeelingtotheaffectionentertainedbyKosscrasinglepolicemanafterher,toeffecthercap-fitredscoreisbeprescribethesalary—$3,000peryear.dles, caughtupbyOgdea,Ship City of Boston. Sears, Bostfm 4 ds., in ballait tosoon exist in ttiis City an institution which would not viously did not find to i)e aroused)—only furnish tioofcs, but give ail forms of instruction in adjourned, after the Library had been declared to be when he was depicting the horrors of Intem- en up, and after disposing of a greater part, the Board will be introduced by Rev. Wm. P. cToebit, who has heavy gale f«om E.; lost foretopsail, split sails, Ac. Hastlie meeting was would the 'lecture, but pInrotphheesiteadd of interrqptthis, The regularbound W.tat. bark Da-routine of«very department of Itnowledge ; and he was sure duly inaugurated, and anjnvltation extended to every perance, she turned her face, all wet with adjourned until Thursday at 5 P. M.mon,37. ion. 34, experienced acharges against Corporation Attorney, MosD KiHHxnT, will deliver a lecture at with reference to the penalties recovered for theload salt for Calcutta.enforcement of the ordinances obstructions uf againstgeneralSept. 9,Fire no longer, but simply as Mr. Aacaia. This,and several other anecdotes which Mr. Gocgh related,boreprettystrongtestimonytothepersuasivepower porttotheBoardwithreferencetothepresentationof hie eloquence, and yet one would scarcely accuse of a lamp to the Wide-Awakes of the Thirteenth recent disturbance in Ann-street, those not acquainted him of egotism in Their nArratkm. In fact, anecdote Ward theseems to be the lecturer's main resource bypoliceupon.it at all times, and very often twists sentences Mr. Tbomab Baotn, of No. 101 Attorney-street, havingweatherpart and affray. They took no main galT. kc, and has been 10 ds. N. of Hatteras.A Father ChargedHis Danghter Shoots Herself to Escape acter, melting to tears and moving to lauh- his a collection to be taken In passage. Beep 14 ds. N. ofpartinto parenthesis that they may Include a stoir. His felt greatly indebted to the police for their protection anything that could bring even the shadow of dis- Santa Crux 33 ds.. withmoney solongashepaidhisdebts^ndbissupport^'d family. Statef that all taxes and assessments are to be paidAuliff. LeftnoAm.vessels.if a woman bad not a right scratch her own head.And as illustrative of the fact that it is not always ad- Officer Wriqut, of the Twentieth Ward, was dia- Mr. Boxion and his heirs. This settles the question C, 21 ds,, ^ith flsh to .Tames Hunter t Co.Tooms In the University Buildings, and open the library with three or four thousand volumes, which were being dally increased.To show the feeling which prevails in regrnid to tills enteiT)ris€, Mr., Ratuomd read a letter from Messrs. Hacguwout & Co., (whd employ n latgeofthehad all promised liberal donatians of their Attending the sad affair are very peculiar circum- at BngUsh dinners, and spoke In terms of di^raise of evening the new Serenth Regiment Armory, compris- KAir, lately residing at No. I Clinton-plaoe, who wn Steamships Tentonia. of and for Hamharw- Arid ««.at the residence of Mr. iSsoch Gkiffitb, No, 221 WestThlrty-sixth-Btreet—tbe principal In tbe tragedy being visable to' go wilh the majority, Mr. Gocgh cited the jzUEsed from the Deparimcnt.by Brig Ten Sisters, (Br.,) Doddridge, New-Richmond, L.Hiss JetarHuii C. Ltoh, a young lady who is i«pre-sented by her friends to bf jjossessed of more than or-apt qnestiott e man once put to k tT*%*'^r who main*talned that the m^rity were always right,as to who if to pay the (19,000 assessment for City taxes and assessments.Brig Acme, (Br..) Haley. Boston 4 ds., in ballast to Edmiston Brothers. To load for Cork.to S. W., with raiiiconcludedBis Thelectttrerdidnotfancythestatewhichprer^ls tflENewSeventhRegimentArmory.—Last relationtothedeath,onthe2Zdinst^ofMn.Locisawas halfingTompkins supposedand a verdict to that effectfrom the different classes came tn to point a moral. no means finished, the rooms already bhow how great.pIlot-boatG.W.U.)tickets, gentlemen,you Tickets, ** Tick-:to those of the second-class it is "Officeyesterdayafternoon.Nothingof whatShip Maria.^chr. Eqnator, from Mitchell.)!Also one brig.promised copies of their works. With these assur- was in February last, to leave the house of ets !" A full report of Mr. Gough's speech for the Artillery^ Engineer and Drum cetps a fine done was made public other than that they have pub- ;ances, he was confident that witiiin the next year or forced, would make the Times a story-book, and the officer's mecting^room 40 feet by 44, and a company lished officially, in book form, the proceedings of the two we should see contributions to that library that her parents, in First-street, to escape falling into a stories, though pleasant enough in uiemselves, would previous Boards for the years 1856, '57, '58 and '54. would make it not only a resort worthy of those in snare wliich had been laid f&r ber -destruction, ner lack muph of thelrlnterest if bereft of the dramatic driU-room 40 feet by 75. The First Company (Capt These reports fill U2 pages, with a c^>aciou8 index whose name it was instituted, but a credit to the City. actinrwhich accompanies their recital. He closed Brnbbl) meeting'room is the only one yet near com- covering 83 more pages. —By Telcgrapb.BOSTON, Oct. 1—Arr. ship John and Albert, Bray,:yas.JTastan.—(By pilot-boat _Davidimprovement upon There are on the second floor tenthe old.Bark Palmyra, Lovett, from Glasgow.-(By pilot-boat Eira Nye.)^^^"^the New. And the audience were so electrified the cer's meeting-room is elegantly carpeted, furnished severely burned in of her dressArdrossao A. C. Adams, Henningway, from Cadis; ;cSneifroin over" the Ka be —Jnifs Geo. Washington. Holfe, fiom Bonctire whose parents reside at No. 69 Thompson-street, was H. Crowley, Driscoe, from Remedios.J. and;wied "^ t'^'f^'tT^ f"*^,^''^met with knell of in Ihe Old World—of in window-shades, at a cOstof about (1,MQ. The offieloquence of the speaker that they forgot to hiss the Younglingeredstory,and on Church, on Wednesday evening next..CITY AND COUNTY AFFAIRS.gimental drill-room, covering the upper floor of the tempted jump upona train of the Hudson Riverhad succeeded in righting, her, and would endeavor to get into Stonlngton. The schr*heretofore unattainedman invairlably repelled, but seemingly without di- THE CHARGES AGAINST MESSRS. CRATEN AND the want ol just such accommodations. Due notice verely injured. The police conveyed the sufferer tofOrAe Woman's Library would assuredly tend.There were many men who were making co- designs.lossal fortunes out of tills change in woman's em- iier stay at her father's house it became necessary for evening, Col. TompWas, of the Second Regiment, N. weather, there was a larger attendance at most of the Flushing, the hours being from New-York, (FultonThe sewing-machine had destroyed the labor of theneedle, but though tills might create present distress,Its ultimate effect would be a higher social develop-ment and a more refined mental ouiture. Tills was sions subsequently young men were brought to the tke result to which such an institution as tiOBse and ansecuringproficiencyTAPPAN—REPORT• will beOpening' OF the Evenmoregular sessions oi the evening schools commeneedSteamer 10 Flushinciyrecahie,able skill of Capts. LotW, Luswia, Rxpna ^d Diibl. ^ The Boole battalion will be reviewed by the CommonBun rlBCi.... 6 57Hiea WATIB—THIS BAT..target ground.with anddurable color tasty chairs, desks, bookcase,closet and table of carved black-walnut. Over Col.LEFrxRT's *eat Is hung the picture recently presentedto the Regiment by the Baltimore City Guard. Thecost of fitting up tills room was about $3,000. The re-maining rooms arc being rapidly put In order, and will Yesterday morning a man named Jauxs Faelev at- probably be all in readiness about Nov. 1st. The re- to;only will be given to the public of the formal opening.successful,the Hospital. shipAlbatross—ship, strg. E., was seen, Sept. 7, lat U 17, Ion. 36 14.—How few thereCity and County Treasury amounted to 1,334,663 64. expected that the Wide-Awake demonstration of are able lo account own Impulses, feelings Charles Horsefall—ship, was signalized. Sept 6, lat.lAliMilMiai]partment of human exertion, he concluded by lotro- subjected any longer, she tied from the honse. That A communication was received from the Compfrol- to the foreign population, the Germans predominating, Why did I do it ? are«luciugREV. HEXET WARD BEZCHIB.Mr. BxacuxK began bydeclaring that it liad been illswith whom in some degree she was Intimate, and Aid. TuomT presented a resolution thewhomight know themselves. A phrenological delineation Conductor—bfig. was seen, 10, lat. 46 21, Ion. 21 5, Sept.Charlcmngne-^ship, bound W., was seen. Sept 38, off evening she called upon the fcmlly of a Mr. Jsinniras, ler, showing Biat on the 29th Sept the balance in the particularly In the Eastern section or the City. It is for their Sable Islund.Wednesday everdngtroubles, salaryofthefivegeneralCXlerksintheStreetCom- firstweek'sattendance,andadesirewasexpressedbydisclosed to them an her entreat- increasingseriouslyHospital upon bodyperson who was found early on SundayPills,CLAiE, ":PECK * CO., Mannfaotures, Oswxoo, Monday,Thursday, Bedloc'sat 10 A. M. tlie ;wound In his leftE. 22,at Hamilton-square on theT7th,at 1 Staff will assemble atLET— Receipts pretty large, and the supply ably greater than the demand.put into Fernambaco Ang. 31, leaky.The E^eraldl. from New-York, is ashore near Deal.Fort Hamilton to renewat sho.ting with can- "bushels State and Canada at 36c.a36)4c. Coas firmbe to the seat on appointed; 21 $1 02 for No. 2,- , tS»ATTrTCiK,Dr,A*VvEVKMthe of tlie fair, will closingaaaresa^aito issue notice for a new cember, to fill the vacancy so createdin De- and pen.iint?Mcskeiel'XS.-Tallmadgc Mtisketeers, ?oscnIhicago; Paul Sfhauf, New- YorkPay,v.'ljert^ti'ey contiftc'l for seventy val-Cngrich,Now-Ysrk.Julian Jiildeiihtmcr,andmany of our mostpromlnent native and French citi-gAhtnnAdvance. Corry, Halliax, O. R. De WAolelxTaand a woundby that his skull is cracked. They were taken to the dltion.XSecovertYesterdaypreviousorders was then tak- entrance to Hamilton College. The young lecturer& Co. Aug. —, lat. 40, Ion. 25, was inco. withwill interfere with the and actions, and know how to govern them. Yet all 48, Ion. 30.fromfouhd the dying man, testified as followsMarket and sold Idshe was about to get sooie- thing to eat, when a stranger came up to lii.n and de-he times, when the man stabbed him and rau away."just where he had beenpoolI'oultney. in the Clyde.side,the effects of,^^^^^^fareicw Pdrts.Brigade inspections are arranged Hamilton-square„ ^'-'.^^foo"" Thursday, Sept. 20. —Fifth at the Sixth at Madison-square on the Igth, at 1 P. M.; the TwelfthP.M. The Madison-square on Uie 16th', atmorningSallyMagee—bark, offor Bio Janeiro,dull" Other grains quiet.returned from Blackwcll's;;—HiLiTART Inspections. The time for the an- Rye opening;bbls. Flour; bush. Wheat; nualinspectionsofthe military,bydivisions,is ap- navigation—133,125 5,218,999'-op a Corpse.—for vance, forMobile, City of Brooklyn for Quebec.day.The newShip Southampton, AusCIn, Liverpool Aag. 33. witk mdse. to Snow k Noto his ds.,with and32 tomd|e. passengers Sturges, Clearmanjust returned Irom his European tour, and Rev. Henri^ had heavy, westerly winds most of the passage.—The members of No. 38that, from the tenor of the reports In relation to theof that Precinct, lie stated that with the character of their company, might suppose with liides, fustic. &c., to J. McLean. Has experiencedhadtaken inthe veryheavy tihneytheto have been poisoned. Asis of the stomach and viscera of deeeaeed demon- stated that her death was the result of natural ciojejwasCoMMiesiOSEEfl gr HjAltn.—The Commission- Ship Harry of the West, from Liverpool.consequence come in contact with the stove. 'SheSouth Carolina and Andover, New-York in much Hannah Thornton, Boston.sufferingMiscenaneons.Capt. Rhodes, of sloop Oregon, from Provideooc. in-;rendered,Blunt No. 'having erpool yesterday, when her death resulted.;barkuntilCoroner Schiemxe held an inquest upon the body.of character as given by Fowlxe A AYxlls, No. 308 E. T. Young—schr., strg. S. S.W., Sept 27, Ut 38,;Canada£ast at 82c. ::fromQuebec,arrived atQueens-[AdTerUseBCDLl—Gab FiZTrBES. Dealers and others are invitedVolga—No. Majrkata by Telegraph.bu.'h.bush.Lake Imports for the month ofBarley;sales 6,000 bush. Illinois at 60c. Cakal Feeiohts Ic. lower onWheat /mports—30,400Arrivedfrom .YM-yori—B»%-3ria. at12th. Mary Lucretia, atBor-Perthshire and Er-68,698 bush. Rye20,388 bush. Peas,Cb'dc Suilcderpool.andfCf Nctc-Orleans—l^ih, Agamemnon, from Liv-bushels at 67>4c. Whiskt—Sales 50 bbls. at 23)<c.Possible Vacancy on the Police Bench.— *The questioa has been eagerly canvasscl, who should FL0t:R dull, but prices unchanged. Wheat On THUKSHAY t\ ENl-NG$118,coo bushels, at 54c. Oats steady; salesThe 23,00014,0('0 bushels Com.10,0006,000 bush- 'A..".'H?u'•b.b}a~r^d", sfeamjAi;A SITUATIONbush.A>K-Or/fanj—16th, Edmund Brewer, at 17th, Ann, at do.; Jascal. at Liverpool.pMT.eutonia. audlady,Siw-Yorli Bangor BierlingO. California; Malhe-is MeiuPrii:.Pit,.r»on. New- l.tnf.a KcvhW'-r, Hurto.,-h. Miiwauli.o, IKmybusiness the best City orin allScmmels,hisicr bi'» honestv. sobriety and capability. Address byCom;andnth, London, Hermes, "Jiliie," and X;. L.;6,000 bushelsduringlife.B., for Liverpool,Greenland—schr., of and from Philadelphia, Sept 13.lat. 21 46, Ion. eo 41—wbo reports losing part of deck-loadina 4ds.heavy gale previously.Harkawav—bark, bound £., was passed. Bent 8, 1st. 45 36, Ion. 42 40.Mary—fishing schr., of Marblehead, was seen, Sept. 13, lat 44 24,100.60 34.Oct. 1—6 P. M.for Allcant Aug. 26York 26E.H. do. IBbbls. ; 28,245 bush.;Light,andAd- Kennebnnk,) Curtis, Bristol 33fJX5Jfihip, of off Fair Island.was passed, Aug,8San sets.. 5 43| Uoon risaCMoo.l;tAf.c Co.; J. Lawrence, Allen, Boston Dajtoii& Co.; Bercen,Bide;bad a white star on stem. her;; 16th, Ashburton, at^Mver- 171h, Antarctic, Kllen Austin, Ocean Belle, Wash- rngton,and I.adv Fninklin, at Liverpool; 18th, C. W.,-N'- .,,r Orhints, hi- P'jrrf-,r-,;,''?,^rorAti:rd.1. .ir.arMi.tii '.".iAVAlTER.—WANTED,"reak-* tlireclanpuajres, French, EnKlish and German,;; Thomas M. Tryniski 309 South 4th Street Fulton New York 13069www.fultonhistory.com 