 ^ '..-ajJHIIitaiariiit«eat, TheLiverpoolCottonmarket forItaly. ButMA2ziirihaslivednotforItaly specialcomment. Butthisappointmentindi- considertheelementsofsuccesswhichitpos- Vrfili^cllBed. Oonsolswerequotedat93{®93^'•''WmtL The Katkmal ExecutiveCommittee ofthede- step.keepthe Supreme fortyI-- ^ ", ''fMdy to receive anyf^easBdcommunication heoffered amight resolutionmeetingsmost scandalous violence ofit was too good and too grand a show to be and demeanor is daily indulged in, in all the languagea, and are quite popular in Ger-r^'^ ^"*^ ^^' island of Oolstta, near ily have earned a disgraceful ^eminence, even trial from month to month as suits their oon- for instance, we have the c'>niirmBtion,7ester-for theHogans to give itto his wife, that she may bo able to answer'.'jgHmaPtftlATBInfl>«QyaTnlii1taaittery«sta(dsy,0aaiBnur HABsnwtstiMfornsMmthefirstdeme,OBand Seotiand before the union of 17D1have we shall have gonetheowiag dUpatcK boia the «aai^ Hoeii Tels|i^ operator :A'" In^riiiciples.happier strugglein the.expressed any faealilityoat &tryself.be and orator, rhetorical, self-conscious and tbe-B—lamseems thebeeninM*bBjnaeat, waa attracting considerable at- ! j^ppJu^ABd nacolatian was rife aa to its causesformally whomdWiiBlnBted on the Utb. and the avent was cele- teliMiB Puis by a grand military display and a^-l'^^SM*. n«!.»>» -aij.i hupon whom,stateeraftBefore the late decision ofupon" fromremoteand quickly"andthendrawinghisrevolver,have santly.Thenceforward he wrote**•have been obnoxious to the BiMth, but their retirement proved tliat they werelike a kind-master,'' ':'dismissal of achargeof thiskind,greatmaster, the works ofJutMS':''l»«M^tedina speech, which we give elsewhere. claims on the love and reverence of those Heads of Department whose removal theofthe/e<eof Monday night,itsguestsit,:course,'ling lightof battle before the Italianranlu intool of hispurposes,orquithistovey paper.Thua, he did not Ntrite all though'quarrellio.v.-.Ev sLoaii hare aliocred the matter to be— BoauMuuMt c«ra«(l on the construction of two novels at one time, walking from one room into another, and giving each scribe a sentaaoe to con-fecocaedlnga of the British Par- UhmmIwerenoimportant. ThedeathofO.P.B.Butthebe said for other men to an office in aIf undertake to protect themselvespMMtatit happen that, in spite of all these incentives .Iftom the Convention as calculated a mere question of time, Qabibaldi, the hero of Enbioht. Wliile he believed himself inde- to efiort and all these opportunities forpartaeeordance with the proclamation of the 1 ,' 'naaldai^ the Senate met in extraordinary session at fiaon ynstnrdny, and noticed liim tbat tney werethem thatthe rowdies and ruffians who control wardrof Scott, and while they will not njjnt^iinto make. Ur. Halx 'atricsl even in that supreme instant,demand-bitious for aspirantsandto the shew on because Monday night, simplylanguage have been translatedinto moat EoropeaaTHjetyofinformationrelative totheaffairsofMsfashion. Then the police of Uie arrangements, as well without asCourts. Personalitie.s that would disgrace a"of theand familiar mode ofIn this rppublisheo.lmd somehave been aeveraleven the Count of Stbacttsi is likely te be j.fNiiiiif ••onr •»et.a». o*« Atopetty, was caomBs^txitmautliomaa.l taken by iodepeodent Sicily, on the faith of bisconu^twity with fiie meai?* of attending their own baU. Thecisaa out of t6n, to win thetar way in by all ettker in or Ar«9t«lalBonl wattHMriheOWgediO conpty with the demand of the Ooea- wilHlwwa faraete toaey to carry otrt theU plana. AetMohitlaD waa adopted.nie QoaiMtiiie Damages Commlsston teeiunedafter a recess of ten days, ind dsroted tfce entire sesdon to the claim ^itrntOL. rats (V<Mi4vv4m AwuM « ofDr B H. Tbokfsov. who waa the beuth officer^own liberal ^rodamatiens and his coastitu- tionai Intercessions with his nephew. To fear tlw BocBBoxB even with a charter in their hands, has become an Instinot with all theTHH e»BAV SASTnUT,' Greof AeiMnt sailed fraia Uvaifari ea.1>aiuai»yMr> J(taal-V««Ur>-«iBSiBw-effect of agrandcityYork,norelist, is announced. The annexa- all. As muchThe grandagainst in whom nof- ^ ; JEMii^ fbe.'VMw Bsvoy end Kice to France wasmight it would be angovernmentisthoa^": 'outrage uponall the coarse and ruffianly persons withwhom their duties in Court bring themoilever existed, aeconded tha advice of oar <Ir*. ''.!waaand when we,_ PlUAMb ^Hy ksmerbeingand ratified' ';. :«Bij.tr« atlCT with Honduras and Nicaragua. It is tion. He was ready to suffer ail things, butof Executivev^'WHiataei that the Mexican Treaty will be againof its latification.,,-i^; •'- .V''~ capl^^ater at Washington, indicate the triumph''to attack Cbaqa's forces near . lAVMIMiara; aiid as the latest telegrams fromIhe counsels of Qabibaldiprevailed.whileit aa the crucial lest of a General's gers ply one another with billingsgate at the lield the office of Historiographer of GreatMMtchea received bySenorMata,theHexi-"oftoability whether he could march ten thousand men into and out of H)de Park, and he de-larity' BuewaBiMisandLask,andShe Kttional delegation from New-York waa re-onUskneesbeforeeverymonarchinEurope plytoMr.District-AttorneyWaibbbcbtornot,of regret for a faultthe Weatem Statea last February—including OU»•havingadjourned faaed sdinlsslon to the Convention.timedie.—and met various friends of Hr. Batu aa well aa Mr. Batbs himself, thoogh not" earnest coniralMian.''tobune, which started thia malicioua little paragraphbusiness,law to the jury. Over the behavior graphies, iaclnding the Lives of CHABLKKAaa^grander^ to^ay for coabideration, and it islhought not to bide the time of Heaven and of Italy.these men by more compliant tools. Va- Broadway to the Bowery, and from Spring- supplyingBicBABoCotuB Di Lion, HxsBT IT. of France, and Louis XIT. These are less imown thaa hia other works, and have already attained the popu-taken ~;..-4lillHHnM prospecthave lost allcontrol. Heofsit-splacidly on theandpassed- totoiatl'm in Mexico. Hisamon was represented pectation, it is bearing its glorious harvestto of-^ 'spirit heartandBiit^a, ofWilliahIY. In1851here- to this country with his family, and tookaTlbeliberalsandtheestablisiunentofreligiousfice,failinganyBar.We say, therefore, that any Judge, whoby appoin'ment movedt^be preparingAs soon as the Mr. Shith will be re-the mmIa of the Oty of•5«*."""'}aorte ef d^omaey, if not by the purse directly. Mnak>lftf^.Bat, had the case been otherwise ; had allpossible pains been taken to open the way to thoee wlkwe presence is essential to the full-. .^.^tfaair tarestifatioos Testerday,overwhomNor la it probable, we think, tbat Sicily wQl oariied off the pialm. It seems to file in just the some way. Yon cannot suc-the principal witness, and tsMifTing to Sba Inventory of furattnre and stoiea whichpugi-In this ball,things, we have another londus to recognize the diagraeefnl condition totfaenanneref titurdailTatynataUaff tlw nw*tailfln«l(««lM9tiiaaiL - ~Ho. St Centte-streel, on wUdi a ahort time previ-adXTMiar-Ora one he bad efleeted an humanca of $850. The SlcUy her own Pariiament and a certain pro-M»Antralafthe1 o'clock thii aaorotag we leceiveS' (ka M-If notsuredly made Idmself first in war and first inpistol. The presumption which such an in- cident raises as to the learned gentie- man's habits is an butand a dispatch from Sandy Book, his heroic invasion and brilllaat of JoBH E. Enbioht to be one of the Health War- conquestneeded on the floor. He has done much tomethodize and expedite the public business, to steer his party into a wise, firm and conserva- tive policy, and to vindicate the dignity of Con-an andgress by compeUlng open public apologyfor violations of its decorum. It is fortunatetmpleasant one,be must admit it is natunl. That it should have occurred, shows the spirit which is be-'m^mtfmlaft ;£,-~..4B.'«W goto pma. Intimates tliat ahe has probably Sicily. And the motlTes which have ruled the dens of the City. As we have seen no con-At a later period, bat while he was atill a youth, be wrote aevaral ahort atailH Ck tke amusement of hia friends, aome of wUeh, akqfliy out of the drcla they were h^tanded fat, cane tm the notice of WaBaiBaiOB lanas, iriio adviaal him to a work of aoeaei^ '•^iq^ad'OfftUB port. There ia nothingr of apecial im- whole life of this are not left to tradiction of the statement, we are constrained ^'"'-^—^- nlative to affairs in Sicily. 0am- great patriot —ginning to predominate at the New-York bar,aotfely eofaged in organbing the conjectures either of his friends or his foes. discreditable as it is to a City officer whom v« forcts, and no new move- They hare been proved in the conflicts of a we have found frequent occasion to com-If the membersself-control which is the essence of gentie-Who and what and Palermo was still barricaded. Tariooa, the most subtle, the most poi|;nant, this man Esibioht is, the community In generalanlieipated for sareral daya. score of years, tried by temptations the most mend Maha^BtlOD of tile Neapolitan troopsforthethat had Mr. Bepublicans they Shcb-Impnrtanna XhsHazzini, on the otherhand,the civilianpower, obtaia " call&ig on the Postmaster-General for a great ed the sacrifice of the Eternal City. Better the rewards of their service. The posts in theand requiting him to re|>ort to the Borne should perish than not be redeemed by City Government which they mainly covet, aredescribed in thisplay-billmany. tim«8 writtencountry, they ofliepntmeDt,Seqata at an early day of the next ses^on, but its the TriumTirate in wliich he ruled. He was in thewith v.'iUun, was unlmpeachably excellent. It is no lawyers," recognizedMayor Comiaittaea, tlie Senate proceeded to the country. He was not ready for the sterner and ments, he haa made no secret of his purpose alightmade their first- lecepUon was objected to, and it lies over. After to die himself on the holocaust of his the adoption of a resolution reappointing the late readygiltahere,iglaading- cOBsidenniOBbecome a machine for and decidmg points."make room for another man.'fca Oilemn report UibaMuh at Queretaro, the hero who did so much in (he flurow, has lived necessaiy arrangements can be made with theclared that there were not two commanders wishes to rescue the Bench fromdegradationhis residence in Berluhlre Coun- Btockbrldge,^^a^tngpai^Svi dispatchesAldermen, moved.'~"Who his successor willhis mind to punish every breach of decorum that occurs before him, particularly>' /also delaila of the terri-give have onlythe samewell. Oa Monday perfectiy nightmakeupit is such a bad one as that in Townscnd_,neighbors statement, aaid to be from the Xeniais that he has been defeated. Benor to lead the sickles in the field. Years Board <>fthing the car- more numeroDs both thanwereeverbeforeseenassembledalonesul in Norfolk, Va., in which post he remained till, in 1658, he waa transferred to the %itiah Coaaa-of man- gentleman wtnniiigners, good conversational powera and »<«m..y of the powers of the Court in this respect for coortasy. During hia residence in this coontiy a year or two, will suffice to make judicial pro- he commended himself to the regaid and eeteenaor — ceedings in this City even tolerably decent, of all with whom he came in contact and there•I '.v^ESttle at Guadalajara, in which the Liberalsdevelopedgreatwe do not be, and what he willkt^Bipoisrybut what nooneneedstobeinformed.— ;basenessofCitywhen:defeat. Their loss waa qualities of self-abnegation, of modesty, know he willriageslate at Hr.Jambswasa' twoGeneralsand and of patriotism meSi iocladlng passionate simplicitym3m killed, and three Colonels which have nerved Iiim from the first to leymiiluT Preaidsat Jfabez, in his official let-'«*Jcwu-itreatyIbtheSenate. Placedforthefirsttimeinapositiontoprove hasbegunwithJohn£.Enbioht jS''''^iii^eQlTfrfrontWaaWngtonanintimationofa thepowerofhismindforthelargercombina- willend,itwouldrequireasuperfaumanknow-to avert a similar^~^te(^Mkee BO meittnn of the defeat of the Uex- his long and marvellously chequered career. ing Mayor Wood's "friends" to office. He^^i^fiUft-itttOiDt moToment of the Democracy in Utew-lTdtkuiJPennsylvania. Itisproposedthat I of tbe party is (ttase Statea ahaU rundid not misconduct themselves vehe- mentiy, as it was leared, by those who knew their hosts, they might. It is true that several of the feebler "Japs" were sent tipsy and tobedatan hour over-make the bar something of wliich the genUe- men who belong to it need not be ashamed.are very many social circles where, in apite of thetions of war, Gabibaldi has suddenly astonish-of the politics, to predict.andfact that he came here ahimself a general of jUeMiml Xieket for Pnaidsnt and Vice- the first class. Two months ago the army of Lilt «nier iliat DODOLAS may have the King Fbabcis U. held the whole island ofA&deedDD bythepeoplei The condl-•rw, OD which it- ia propoaad to make Sicilyeatly that here andeasierthan toThe row-ed the world byshowingbut a fewin Court and in Congress. Nottiing is that of a personal friend.HUm anancameDt, is that Dogoi.A8, in caae the Miiile his navy guarded its shores with a judiciary, as facilitating the elevation to theand tur courts of justice, are always as ready with theh: excuses aa with their fis ar.d their knives. People who areare not ashamed of owning it. An apology auppon Hr. Bazxs, and axpraaaing Utter Itosliltty'"is!uBld.fiiaIlygototl>eEUniae,abaU give tat the lUiiMia Delegation to BaacKui-—twoor threeself dictating temiB to the sovereign at order to attend political conventions. Whether by taps on the pate ; and that at least twelegislaturesBench of professional politicians, who neglect withbutathousandioiiowers,embalmedfrom theirdutiesandallowprisonerstolieinjail, ^'"^ieh"bargainandaale"asthisremainstobe Sardinia,andwithinfourweekstimefoundhim- andwitnessesintheHouseofDetention,incordon of steam. On the 6th of Mayestin the Garibaldi uniform of shirt and tro^r3ersGabibaldi,tConyention of the Boothem Beceders, at Palermo ; compelling the Oourt to throw itself any portion of this rebuke was intended to ap-figuregentlemen ajpeariog ;'Whetherlfr. DotMLASwiUconaenttoany... JIOBd, jaaterday ratified the nomination ofgei-craan gen.'ijie expressionas "part of the programme" in the absurd But it isway thatvehrey untrueball, caricature of gentlemanhoodj which he is con- Hr.future,""phrases, faiiy bowers," palaces ofwe cannot sayThOadelphia last .^ight, specially designed aa a Christendom as the savior of a whole State venience caused by bis absence at the Charles- and supped and daneed, in the vast and splc'a.A msM meeting of Eepublicans was held inin the of any- to the JB*«tionRepublican Coogresimen on from the most abject and demoralizing tyran-to them. Tet the cone the less. The shell wassuperb,theInhabitanthardlyequaltohis position. There were just people enough present,-' t<halr way home, li was very largely attendedthe sittings of the Baltknore Convention, as a bail, waa aSbwabb,any "ptomiaea"'feoil Tery acthusiastic.flpeikST PtnnviOTOS, on his arrival at Newarkny which our Bge).has seen,uponstanUy trying to perpetrate.-last evening, was the recipient of a hearty and en-—Coimcilman Ho-'^' WittlSM. Cannon were fired sod fireworks dis- J, iBd he waa escorted home by the Wideevery rational person knew that they ought the Common Coimcil for the celebration of the —Aachievement, not of a HorxB or a Maxiob, bat tice are well-timed and true. Before very not to have been itiere, to trouble ar.d deform Fuuith of July, on Monday last, without his there is no " Northern autesman whom the BoothwAff^MMStates, veesela pratsningto returnEurope. absurdly unlikely that any attention should beand look we call attention to it simply for the purpose has no more honor out of hU country than m it jIn turn, only to be in turn repulsed by each and all ;and Hiaaeurias well as of aouL It is the Mnor made a brief spe<>cb on his arrival of a GcsTATcs or a WAaBiBOTOH.Southern declares that pi^ier, numbering 150, each with a torch, Ac. I Awf lfm*t bi reply to a ipeech of welcome from"continued to swear Alder- ia and wo cannot but with Calbb.Biiitiwr PAAKMt-dent at Kie Janeiro,What the civil destinies of tUs great leadercommitted, willwinter of our discontent."Now, all this is the work of New-York itselfthan five minutes atman Platt, and challenge liim to a pugilisticatrocluua, weepCOSBINO, to whom such a reward is meted out, for his noble aelf-aacrifice at Charleston and Balti-ou lahes us with a fen items ef In-the Policegreatwas extremely dull, aadI being reahipped to the River Plat*.responsiblemore, where he actuallyled on the Southern ae-Icargoesandnobody presentwritingtheumphstrategycomeuponjus-fly from aagemessleadingofthe administration ofthe poor witness, who happens to be pres- the general aspect of tLe scene. Heace the coat, and in full fighting order, and for more 80 lovea and honors aa Edwabo ETiBrR." Thia^^5^^^'7J,»:3r,-^^w*^j^9i^<"»W" ^P^^feV!P^"^!"* IB" ffnthe Uamof the/oWect- Bet —ingJi nfA Omtiafsat,IheVity• .lesotntieB Mqulrioc tke late Neapolitan King oontrived to niaketotaferm tlis Boafd his mark ami* Jleeplythan any. His son in- ^ upointiaf herits his shame with its penalties; and not,._„.,. jPiik, sMthereby. - -.. Tk*tota,without Co!iifrM»ka*«4ioBfM'* attraoflatfspecial a^iention^^Mn'atiy quarter., Tbecmn- try wu vatoMaf the tAaioonras ptdltieal wnngle at Baltimore iooea^rly to have any thought for Federal legislation,—«ad when the late session bad passed off the stage, there were few who felt interest enough in its action to know that the curtain had dropped.There has been a great deal orpartizansbip, inaanMimkeifceealafcea to fnnMemtmmjim:haveeverat Qnarantlno at the time of the riots, Ms house- demand for bers^ an entirely independent ex- have been the sole aim of the ndingtbiapoTt.to^lay. WeuBierrtand tbat it i* notlMt lUiwianoteaoaatkahei; at whatever hoar she may leach 1^ ^all Aettime.      VhUtenderaUaxtteraetyptabaHMkrtearcittaas may have irom the eM tht BatteiyAorea of the North Elver aa excellent Opp«ta> nity to obaerre ker huge balk u ebe puw, to hvpeoplestheyreigned.chiBs would have spoiled the whole tone of theItiiqaheptakehlefhatsheiAHMiHeistence under«>» »«< WwHt sad tTtdUy were destroyed with the dwelling-hoase. They House of Bonaparte or of the House of Savoy. and build up Its own waning political fortunes.adjonraed to 10 o'clock this moinlnf. Annexation, for the sake of Italian unity, to The Harper's Ferry inquiry grew out of thisThe Central Park inyestigatiaa siiU Uagers onAktabUilMdoiitb* at the AatoT Houae, but d«*elape do fintnrss of Sardinia, is the order of the day, and to this eager malignity. No one believed tiiat theflesh, they Great Eastern,tobe• chaiie eftotUsc fin to Us lafcr-Uer aaloon, at by Sardinia an arrangement preserving to invarions ways the Senate has evinced its gers ;.and then, perhaps, the Prince of Walist "'^ritlevidencewasinsufficienttoconvicthim,andhe vincialindependenceindomesticmatters. kXKS, Ko. f» Bn»dnr-H«ouT k was acquitted. But however they may be eventually set-business for the promotion of party ends. go onmakingour bow, all the Summeraad, from praaest I — ai>pearenee«, mmmeetsunttatALOiM—&••• CuiftT'i Mmnau. IBir_Ta<UlAI>D iMTEUiaHIAl Oosciit^and ultralam, has shown a better spirit and of dollars on receptions like that of Mon- Ughta. WmnpaatoAasloyeu.The Stock Market waa genenlly doll yeater-dsy, and prices Irregular, most of the aharea a tied, and whatever part Gabibaldi may play(nat ""yfraction weaker than on Mcndar, bat aome otherain the drama, the leader of the Sicilian people has already won the heart of all that Is gene- rous, loyal, and noble in the world. All overacted with a wiser sense of the responsibili- day night ; boring our guests and fleecing our-ties of power. The long struggle for Speaker selves in the same sumptuous and Tmmni.steamer STBUR AJfD BBOAOWAT-AJMXI' f lower on Paris, steady on London. Tltere isDeatk af O. P. B. Oe•nttit.qoite steady. Kxehange per the Bostonagain a steadier feeling in the Money Marketpromiscuous By theaiTiTel of theevening, we ham inteUtgaaea ofthe dBtthanir.aF. B.^ Europe the spontaneous sympathy of the peo- ple of all nations for this self-devoted cham- :-^o. SH—WnxMOKl Fin Oaiuit Floor was moderately active, at, however, pion of the rights of man Is itself inIWAT-Fbu.Jmom*MaocalKnU' temporaryLoans,5 cent.^cent; Discounts,6<36novciiet We raaoiVT.«y i*«t.advance. Cottonwaamore dealtinatfor- freelytime that we of America, whosein thislearnt light on the matter, and proves that he has en- country, at Bichmood, Va.r—»«. iw Bbmbwat-Czhhi-lican Court," were elected ofwhich sheds no case, new:ratherlowerratea. Wheatwaaheavyanddroop- organizinging. Com was in £tir request, and was on the a thousand ways into expression. Is it notprobaUyatTenkse,wherehewaafiJiag acaoaa-offers tha noblest tiUe that can be Tin, Hemp, and Seeda, were reatricted. Iron at- bestowed upon him, should pause from our own El-'^ a|t,''JiiihMiAinrAT—HvsHM'FmriOTVUGAunr. tractedmoreattention. Resin,SpiritsTurpentine, prosperouspursuitsjustlong enough to sendand in the hourBritiah firom hla Government,mer figurea. The transactions in Provisions, to the CALLnr-Mo.mBmiswit—Canoi't Co0se,Bice,Whisky,Hkies,Leather,Oila,Lead,great patriotcountry^.--r- '.1«5WS OF THK DAY.'*^Teas,andTobaccq,wereindemand. Thefreight engagementa were ieea eztenalve,Tke Italian WaaUactea."greetingthe Atlantic to the helo, and to the nationa Fren^odd that when a lawyer is threatened with and was afterwaids placed ualeT Oe privateLtver- uiired at Halifax Uiteven- '<;»'• <hft-«ith1hrM days' lawr newi from Earop«. The ^\ ^^pfaaOini of the eraUStlem was «tUl poai-with peiBonalviolenceinaCourt-room,inwhicha maineduntilhlasixteenth whanhew«saat%tfio)«IXailitc«]iiship£uropa,fir(Kn A ,^[91 ^ii^Mthioat.,TheThe Tribune yesterday annoanifd that theJudge is sitting, he should forthwith draw ayear,to France, where he remained aeveMl yens. Invery eariy boyhood he comraeaead to akew Uaaptneat for literary eOBapaettioa, nan contifinitor to the anonymousment as tbat wbieii existed between Engiandthan tolack ofof itk authors. Kansason keptlikelysuggested —distingqlshed" passen-Thatstrugglehadanothergoodresult,inthe Adamantine Candles, Hay, Hops, Sugars, Tallow, our voice, too, in and in cheer across' defeat of Mr. Sbibkan for Speaker, and Inof tke End. '•'^'JHikfClEadforthA l<th—theaameday on which the hearts of his countrymen, of all Italy, by City Inspector, Mr. Dxlavab, ha^appointedmade an excellentfirst in peace," Gabibaldi has aa-BeginninghaveSpeaker, but be was more useful and morewhich he isleadingon sogallantiyto freedom t.tuition of Bev. Wa Cabxalt, wimB he n-MAN for a leader in the House. He has render- of all men. Oabi- need not be informed. U the object of Mr. ed them and the country essential service in >«Wlk>f laoodoo, nnder the conviction that BALni has his liis lils Dklavah had been to select the worst man in tbat while he has won for himself anmanllness, theyattemptUfe of Biward, tke BUek Prime*, abaakke4i< not care afterwaida to aekaoBPledsa, iof thiseeaQseL But ahortty afierwai^ i,I Envoy^ven sword, strength, •M gte would be oaeleaa. The Boyal Confer- and his life, to the ofa in a ing weaponto Paris had returned home and in the justifiedsightJudge's presenceto be bald at Baden, at which Napoliox hopes regeflerati(m Italy,amongwith as absolute and earnest a devotion as that wliidi bonnd our own WASHnttnoti to the causeoftheAmericancolonies. Noris thissense to rank with theIttJlham. Prom other points the news is of no Republic. Masziii too, for Instance, has lived ing a solitary instance of tills sort a topic ofmor-alone. He has worshipped himself, after catesI -^./^pMirmtiMticketwithSenatorDouaLASiscon- hisownideasofpolicy,hisownphUosophyof zensmayaswellpreparethemselvestogreatfounder of ourimportance.yonag terBtilltofcutheraiulbetterefforta. Thedeathef roughandtumblefight"inabar-room. It theEarlofLivibpool,afriendofhiafather,bum. whom he had reason to;expect a Goverameat a^ made it oeceasary for him to be indos* trioua, and the intoxication of his first ancceea added spurs, which he waa too willing to wear, tethousand dollarsthe duty of selecting a suitable person to The conduct of the two men at the Court, confirming the removal of Mr. Stout, sic, banners, frescoes and champagne, for thei jg^j^in thisthattumbled from hiainaea" condemned the action of the Se-Frenchbesiegershad made their finalnever have made such an appointment as thiscontingency,tpforensicproprieties,instead ofreplyingnecessity. Novel.afierfixed Hon. HisscBtL V.upon timeenteitainmentofan hllherto inaccessible—The occasion done at first what he did filially apply toroiaaiiea, There are aoateand deciding that Mayor Wood and the Board ^iCttlfAnMllytenderedhimthenomination,whichcompletelythiswidedifferenceintheirofAldermenmayremoveatpleasureanyof'"^'^W'fte Tacancy,'^l^tMpra, of Georgia, and on Monday eveningof thesiegeof Homemarksembassy empires.pen. them in all,and its Ill his reniarka he took occasion to revbw the tlieir race. When the approaches of the Charter permits/or cause, Mr. Dclatab would cost were alike exceptional. How, then, didJudgeofage. His imagination was aa Csttile aa that of Lent dz and he hia workseonditlon of the Democratic party and theWhatMr. Townsekd or bisvictorythey remained, they would have had thesower to prevent the nomination of any can- reinforcement wherever it was heard, and to administer it for the good of the City. NowMDattyaandMMMto fanperil the beat interests of both. Had of trench and field, whose voice had been a pendent in ki^ office, Mr. Dklavan endeavored success. New-York contrived to give quence.almost as For a long period he woeld netdidate who mightalia(>l)r vraging wax against an individual, withoutbecome the post.wl'.ose sword had borne its armiesthat he has abe mustone who attended it was delighted to We are get away, and which nobody can now speakdisposedapology,a hundredxagaidad aa the oniy one able to rescue the coun- insisted upon & capitulation. The soldier taken the reputable horn of this dilemma.owii]compoatti<m,any legardto The Democratic party he principle.desperateveiy rare opcurrerce in < ur Courts,as raretryfront ispendiag calaioity, and he consented tothe which had been tendered liim positionbowed to ihe fortune momentary— of war wasThe Street Commissioner and the In- Cityspector are the two officers whowdiapose of themost valuable of the It is City patronage.So far as the locale of the ball was—we should never think ofin the titlepage, like so many of the fictiona ofaonrcto a on re- ceiving a proper expression of regret from flovrers," "dreams of Oriental magnifi- the wrong-doer. But here in New-YorkAlixaNOBB Dcma*. Without the approaching--'.'In aaar'tliat b« might do all in his power to carryto sheath his sword and save his conn-for someand perhaps for some other deliverer thaa him.concerned, nothing fiaer was ever seen on this side of the water. All the stockobjectingreadystandard of thehave been almost as widely read as the romancesthroughunscrupulous political pimps,and make or mar the fortunes of am- cence," and the like, were quite inapplicable theyany are not of rare occurrence. The enduring popularity, there are some among themwhich will not soon be forgotten. Theydo,.Mr.Dbla-but a stern exercise—^to believe it to be true.the City for theall others ought not to have it, he could not have hit the nail more exactiy on the head.the very best class of the rising statesmen of the day.Boole's Big Ball.than meets theof Alabama, to run for the Tice-Presi- a sublime Brahminical fasliion, in worshlppiog step in<a general movement, io which our citi- prislDg. It is not every day in the year that discharge*^.' .lki^mu>T of the declination of Ei-Got. Fitz- ,^*l2niMV>i^oreeye.of its When Mr. Towhbbnd duty.Gabibaldi sorry to see that the City Insector has not encoimters—of without a sardonic smile or an of the shoulder ?angry slmig—as in those of Boston, or England, or France,were still hiaVAN choosesfate by appoint-ledgedegradationatranger aial remained his death will be moimed aawith a force of forty thousand men, Grand Jury have denounced the electiveapologize."appointment City"" Japanese Reception;placeof those officers. SinceWood establishedhis authority over the Depart-sacrifice of of carriages within the space which atretches from patience and reaigna- to compel obedience to his wishes, or to re-The into the Italian and now, after ten years of cruel ex- ; and, by a rare dispensation of Providence, theof these counsels ;count for not appointing hisfriends satisfaction haspeople. putplaceless rumor is at fault, he has already calledMr. Shitu, the Street Commissioner, to ac-street to Bleecker or to into audjof the people in the Court-room he appears toto obtaindeclared his determination that Mr. Smith shallThx Obanb Jcbt's Complaints.—Theby tl^^"dies who bring most disgrace on ourbut inasmuch as thisand hailed by the common voice of man, so far from regretting the great incon- ly than the masses which surged and stared,outside of the do- minionsoftheheadoftheCa&oUcChurch. wethinkitismorethanlikely.be is of yet to be learned. The positionwith athan th^ orimtnal himaelf.mayemancipated Sicily will be a veiy difficult one, as well hi its domestic aspects and in its rela-BMMM'tf'wUeh hardly any waa being ahippad with the general diplomacy of It is crimes. Many of the worst offences against BooLXS and the Van Ti.N£3 ;adminis-k«t-in Petaeaihaco'and other principal ciiiss. prayers of a prostrate King, whose whole fam- from custody, on easy bail, and stave off their passes into the hann? of 3uch as they. Here, TjSni HsntevMao we learn tiiat the British Qov-of congratulating the City once more on theis aWard^ wioIeDC* Mtlni'tlMi preaent year, not onlv in Rie, paid by the Sicilians to the promises aad and this clssa can always obtain their release ttation of the muuicipai govercment•}.iaa WlaA 'nUow-feTer haa raged with greatthe person are comBiitted bypoliticians,tamelytin—For ttie benefitWards, it list of the value of the property he may own, and> rii)iiiIII >li iiirI-1^iCZ^Jl'"*""' fn>m the Uragaayan Oovemmeat, at '-^«^tSili0n*d*i'' 'in hUabeenee. Thtoin their own'f nntal of £500, for their naval d4p6t, which and falsehood. The worstcowardice while venience,the witness iskeptin con-day,as Assistant HealtL-Wafdi n. of a man -man's question,to one serious oiqection.:"ngatdedso.Hehashispoliticalprespectstowhoseblauipisintheuioutasofalltheand others of thatfund of i^nn»a«a highly ChrUtitn as veiyeaaUy(hult>eenunimportant in itscbar-MMnbe There is little doubt thatas generally in toae. pacificIrlucem couldbethat,role,trial, meanswould never be foundjugalorder, forIfwhat her huaband waatreachery,•Ian isthe finement with a most ludicrous show of zeal. named Enbioht, a notorioue eraigran'. run- respectobie citizens are In the habit of neg- openeveryto havelongent when a crime is;gentle-the wholenothingcould have been more order-humiliated atcommit- looks on itton has also been in attendance did area thown Convention,historySpeaker which witnessed that event the their hollowness and imbecility.oounlale in thistirely misunderstood theposlUoa we took in re- Gaoaei Pbilit Baibvobxh Jau was ban ia gardtoit. Wearewillhigtogivehimthebenefit Oeorge-atreet, Hanover-aquare, LoodoB,la IML of his denial that he carries concealed weapons Be received hi* early edncatioD at a aibaijl" at Oteeawich, aspartofhispractice,"but.ltcertainlylavery— position,the one who aiiove enviable reputationwaa ashockingand inexcusable breach of de-in IdaRichelieu, published twanty-atatk yeac,the aoceeaa of which oon&naed Ub In hla reaolntioB to pnisDe a ItlaiaiyThe manuscript -of this novel had beeniplace,ofofie moreunfit manof Mon- common alieady filled with them, is a matter of small day night was not only a curiosity in its way,eorum, and it is not in the least palliated bythe judgment debtor's insolence and violence.lawyersthefoullanguageandbrutalthreatsof toSirWaltuSooribeforeiupabUaatian,be,and thetime inNew-Tork, were managed withouFnoise, against Gray. NothingAn Aldekmasic Display.. ttnuUstie welcome by a large crowd of his f«llow- ful results have been accompUahed, is a tri- effect the imprisonment of witnesses will soon who ought nut to have beeu there, and of whom oan appeared before the Joint Committee of to notice this cootiwSction.The BiciHan campaign, by which these wonder- The Grand Jury's remarks with regard to thefrom the Actrs on ita tiavela, will be good enoui^deal moreNoalMi aia enomums price, in coase- tions to the rest of Italy, as in its consections nnmbem of those in this City ^^ho oommit the of our City to remain in the hands of tfce in the least surprised at it. Nor are weAt present they have far more to fear from justice than largeone iswho supinely sufferforthe official"TheDukeofWellwqtonusedBench,pairspoliticianspettifog-thatwaatheirdue. Forabrief he periodto the real in both Houses. Thenew,thareCsra, fUf«»«proportionstatesmanship, displayed Senate, however, hasinany other niler either of the party that body, to defame its opponentsFllw, iBWraypen. intoeat, beiag eonffiaed tntirsly' to the AMea of Sicfly win, in all likelihood, come. Less than peace of the country or the stabUity and har- which, in the eyes of the world, we have beenFlajkAvaBOi-ls«b( " FnUlihan Kiv-Itr. Jams Hmm, one of the Ez-Ooeattlaafoners, who feela agfiieTed at the action of the Botid Inmony of the Union, demanded any such inves-two hundred years ago the ancestors of VictobSmkabubl wore the Siciiian crown, and thoughwon by Gabibaldi himself, it wotild sit easily pate, plausibly at least, some of the leading cal and leas estiietic character would alone beBut the movera in it hoped to Incul- Testatday the Commeneemsot sseieises of Oo- enoogfa on the brow of the bravest and the public men of the Free Statea, in this out-ernment preachingpresent system of City gov- Ordinarily, abases of a more practi-the foot of Hanmoid^tieet. We-»~flrelation to the apptdntment of aupetintealMit of labor.tigation.and thiu to make But there are rageous crime,—of her vo) age from the pan of our neerlngeorreepoadmt, "Tabal CatB," wke waatlumbis CoSeM took place in the AeadMny of fiWIEW tlHraurr- I(ifn»' KTinl««; Marie. TiMtniUdinc was fiUed with tk»Mla0yea and Meals ef the atndants, and the emelsee,reform. Butthistnieat oflegitimate kings.this in- is of a complete cident tiie means of a factious political tikeseiiooB obstaclea in thewitIAwefvtkeeaawaaosnlobaoAoecaaloaa, fusionoftteilywiththeNorthItaliankingdom triumph. Thattheeffortfidledisduetothe ly.tiredofonesensation,andthe"Japs"m« giganticwaywere exceedinglr iatetestint,—th« onMana ana at tke present moment. Some such arrange- false basis en which it rested, ratiier fast becoming a heaviness to oar^loseWe should never think of mak- but a very instructive one. That itany partindustryotingeniUtythrough no fault of theirs.But wheahasbySicily,andadopted outoftheCnionpurelyonpartygrounds,and withherofficersand"readiness to make any sacrifice of the public and then— the; Pilnce Natoliob. Are we toA. K. large •teaoulup ha* etopped ontaUe ttakar,The House, in spite of occasional violence in the person of Boolx expending ;through thousandsItlstbe 6re0Kmsum, u die item thad one good result :—it exhausted Uie indig- style 1nation and emptied the menaces of the noisyatBtiropa HaUlhx hetally a failure, every one admitsin contact, suits might as well be decided by aIt is the first sessed, this result is really somewhat sur-the wealthiest City in the New World lays outwas assailed, as hesaysthe a ball h^ia which Japareae i;v'ery" however hand-matter to manoeuvre aof thousand attack and defence. The Judge seems to have press of the Habpiss, in this City. Mi. JaJiaicouple " was also the author of several histories aad bio-admitmiss from the building six times tbat numberin the British army who could do thewonisn knew precisely, The Brazilian Emperor had reaction of 1849, to the pubUc sentiment of When the culprit happens to be ready for ner," wbost na;i!c lo .as lainUiai at the leciii.g 'teii' political duties, there is co qiits- worth there would be a peat depreciation In con-lesaoved from Rio on aceoont of Ita legacy left, byiTbambara in person, in a speech Europe was the convictionthe District-Attorney is probably by no Mayor's Office a? il^ Major's own, aiid tioi. u'cl the Hogans and Parleys and Barrys,afloction tt-oughout the Und.no Europe believed on his oath.ta ttii tiovC «f Siqierviaors, yesterday, a com- the Prince Regent of odious as vice of his party. That poor witness is a lucky when the City gives a ball, the Eiirlgr.a Bussia,to beUallowed teiminlfaftia. frw-us lateCSty Ciiamiierlain waa they otherwise mademanhave cutor bi^ so much consideration, that he re- political, social, and miscellaneous, mustby togenJOBS phyaieloglata.m\uibehadpaidthebalaneetheirweU-willsubmittohave trlbauourmiteto-febgeneraliiMW Mi Pi.An. - i«M(M«i*adltoa the Oenttalpeople,we would auggest' that they nuy on the paiticoiar occatioa qi ttosday, acuce^ in the eysa of lie W3rld, by the profjae W* kept inftodly jais. .Thomas M. Tryniski 309 South 4th Street Fulton New York 13069themselves byavowedly despotic ideas to thegradually become rather popular than other-wise, tiom thegains growingoo&Ticti9BUurtth«grKt ttnenontba.>his liberty In a grave ci|M in lees thanUntitled Documentbidden tothefeast.their taxes and the City disgraced squandered,onwhJewholeof tiie census takers, it men who govern and represent It But propowd that e.ch he«l of a family make ootcrowds,Venice, where he haa since remained.violence or conftision.^wfaere he Then again the people themselvesreelingconvivial admirerssliding scale of costume ran down to toe low-public characters came to blows in the corri- dors. But these were incidental cases. Onis always given with pain. to Ur. Sbwabs." Hr. BATHOan was in several ofopen fiascoor that he madeabout supporting Hr. Batbb. 'Perbape the TW-as aThe etnbbom Oeobob V., of Hanover, and look after, and roves the country in the ser? poor foreigBers ntH' ki.ow him. 01 ooura", en i tic'.vct voted for hy the whole body "f the sion is, "^w to preserve woman T' YariooB" "'We a do not know how longadvanced highly theories of diet, exeMdse mo-electors.for whom both prisoner and public prose- and ail their tiietos of both sexes, persoi.al, civillied community—which professesand dreea are;"is the Judge's duty to protect the bar In theflowers, lights, mu-dis-of ttbik Ae tQi^tBb)e portion the Allpvetent eealMaB «ri decent peopie wfa« were there had, in nine fTM7 •!»« ^fc« ta« a^aWa afball la athe conspicuous condescensions to the Enrightcessfully pepperlists and emtgrant ranaeia.reduced under ourdock atpobliahnpon her arrival efoll nd nilUUe aecooatfish-market arenow,manyrisingthe latest ooea, appearance from theWe are tired of'•apologies" for misbehavioryears,but the oitizena encoimter. The display wasit, quiterepresentati'n istic,ceadoo to the defence of Southern rights. Calbb'Ba ball with respectableuntilUP.iL,MKiih»tBl»then,manyotherTownsead against Gray.with threats to dissolve the Union if a Repub- 8IND, yesterday, toudiing the "contempt lar dtnatlon, to which he waa liamfelied by Itedisunionists. During the six weeks of thecontest, the whole coontiy became familiar We published a note, from Mr. H. D. Towk- hiformed whara the event took place, taot It wasgiving to the responsible majority of the House of Representatives the best parliamentary and political leader it has had for many years. Mr. Shibhak wouldkept byiwilgiael,;serious value on the would no more think of draw-placedthan of producing one at a church-meeting. Tbe tilinghe was, by " rude in- sult," he would, if he were thoroughly aliveBonnet for an attachment.All this, however, is beside the mam ques-tion.onist have in theantag- is of little conse-Tboa, prodocedlike New-l^etiie 16th hut., and laas in sovoice calling onto us the need ofdestined to be a Summer of hoapltalities. to &iglaad eqireaaly to auke tUsspecial eagi- veysK ksaemost vohiptuaries, New-York growa eaai- in tke steamer.f" iea«At8a»t Boos. Wedacaday, Joae V—UMtheinto which it has fallen, must ty, Mass. Iu I8S2, he was appointed British Con-Minor Topics.are a quoting fipeely(Ohio) ffewt, to the eflfect that " Bathobd, of tlie Tnoi, was ia that State last February, in eazaest ftisnltaUna thatseveralnoisypatriotstadtobesilenced colashamedof.lusconductinpublic,ofcourse withaleaderintheBateamoveiasBt,pnmUagte;the—Our Cityfrom aIt is awhichtie feelsted. But your thoroughbred rowdysystem of impossibleelectoralcharacter- aeema to have beenfor thiswould beget into either of the Boards. Much as the The censusclats,Ihelateat questionunderdiscus- hygienic;and ia caseofaprophetwhoupjAMai,the ealebraiedthat great soul,envyilluatrioas countryman, and urged the wri-pointment,seventyofvaitotu mer-rapidly.Wliat we complain of is. Uiat Judge write himself, but dictated to amannenaea, andof by ansome," either from the judgment-debtor or his counsel. If affai.rs of this sort were of bisnovels, theyand were not merely digiufied by his namethat rare and melancholynovel,romance afterofbut all above the aver- i-«j ~^.: :"flfiiri^ iii^iiiiminifliittiffiiiiMiliwww.fultonhistory.comIHmk iiittiliifliiiiii 