 with a pistol, hi a liquor saloon in Whitehall street, NEW YORK HERALD. pleaded guilty to manslaughter in the third degree,S t a t e C o a v t a t l e a o f D e l e g a t e * t o C k a r l e a - tajgs—Cam W«w Yes* *e •avwotl to the Democracy?Violence o r H i sWe published yesterday what purported toto hear that the United States nag does a v t either to too streets or in public barrooms, di- protect the owner from being lawfully mur- rectly under toe eyes of too police, and toe dered b y his stoves fat passing coastwise from alarming number of homicides and assauhsj A M i l ~€1 O B D O l ' i l » • V T T , EDIT R AND PROTRirTOB.and the plea having been accepted be was remand- ed for sentence. The trial of Henry Loughrane, charged with lulling Timothy Maleahy, was post-On Monday the delegates elected for the be " a lecture" of Joshua R. Giddings, deli- Virginia to Louisiana. Nor need any one won- upon human life must b s attributable to toeOKK.CK ». * • (OKMSK O? NASSAU AHP ffjlLTOK 3TS. poned. The trial of Patrick Tanaaa, for causingseveral Congressional districts of this State to vered in this city, on " the duties of human der when Giddings descants on the fearful mor- represent the democracy at the National Presi- governments," but what every reader will tality of negro stoves at toe South, to the face dentialConventionatCharlestonassembledat pronouncetobeastompspeechofthePresi- ofthereturnsotthecensus,whichshowthatgrots negligence of that body.RntAL Enron* ur THE METRO***JS.—An ob- scure journal, printed at Atisnto^Georgia, has come out, apropos to too stupid Union pam- phlet, with a ferocious attack upon too metro polls. Accordingtothiseditor,'vSodomand Gomorrah were heaven-born places compared with New York.'' We are compelled to Believe that our Georgian eotemporary has derruud bis facts from his personal experience in the sinks and dens and slums which abound In New Tork, as in every other great ci^y In the world. The difference between New York and the Scriptu- ral localities mentioned b y our Southern ex- temporary is, simply, that they were small cities, or "one-horse towns" like Atlanta, and werepreeminentlydistinguishedforthelicense which was allowed within their gates to vice and immorality. There might have boon there many persons like the country editors, who come to Now York and devote all their time toTEAAT*mmk to *J* ri«A -/ <Ae wa«l«r. FoA^l*y o « P E L * T ' J «V«1III>( XXVA * CEMENTS THIS EVE* ISO.stabbing Thomas Clare, waa postponed till to-day.There are jet seven indictments for murder,ten count of the preliminary proceedings appeared* AO4»IMT or nunc. B l I M I Of tSVUXS.nwuom OABIHIIiend Bveataf..—IlALAlX OrBSABern.to 600 bales ia transit and about 400 bakw in More. flour waa again active and firmer forwith an able speech of Mayor Wood.It will be recollected that this is thePhillips, who holds out the massacre of St Domingo as an example to the slaves of the South; and as for its being o f the lyceum order,THE DEFICTBKCTBILL—PAYMENT OFTHEMAIL CONTRACTORS.—The bill to defray the deficiency in the appropriations for the service of toesowssv raitTu.Ii W*s—Bote WI U WMOASDEM,WALLACE'S THBATEX. Bveadway. POM YsnWS Miit is mora suited to the Five Points and a Post Office Department for the fiscal year end-nigger mob. There is nothing of the lecture ing 30th of June, 1859, aad also to provide for about it from beginning to end. It is a meretr^y»* m a r t THBATBS, »Cir SOW**V THBATBSia u t W W .BBOADWAT BOTDOIB, 44* —lataaRewYork,WedaMUf, l"*fcrwJHT8,1800.himself the principal subject It consists of aIt is stated that Clark Mills' statue of Washing- ton will be inaugurated at the national capital on the 22d inst, and that it is in contemplation for- mally to invite the National Guard, of this city, to participate in ths ceremonies.of triumph in the election. It is the legatee of formidable candidate for the Presidency or the abolition societies that have for a quarter Vice Presidency than either of their two of a century been working upon the Northern pets, Dickinson and Seymour, or any other masses; ofthepriestpoliticianswhohave been man who adheres to their faction. He was strivingtomisleadthemoralsentimentofthe theleadingspiritofthelateConventionatpeopleintofanaticism;andofthedebrisofold Syracuse, which claims to emanate directlyand has been always regarded as its Corypfwpustill Seward loomed up in his " higher law" and" irrepressible conflict," and thus took the abo-lition wild out ofmany spreading sails. But Gid- The people, who have been fleeced at the rate for toe emergency. * dings is still afloat. He was a prime mover in the•artt|Ml •*ttmlAfthedeathofPatrickHoneyman,willbecommencedto-day. The case of John Hows, charged with Syracuse for the purpose of organteatioD, dential campaign. With great nmrete, be says it is only in such freedom as the North givesmh e . - S u e * STATUSpled conduct of the last House, who refusedto pass the bill to pay an honest debt—a debtwhich they so largely contributed to swell Is the work of sojourners and visiters fromO u u i r i • ! • -evening, bat up to the time of going to press (fcl5resultofthecontest Itiabelieved,however,that forcesonthegreat issue that is printedto measurewhichwasfavoredbyFernandoWoodMr. Decker has been elected.Oar reports from Washington are important, The question of candidates is but a minoreapecially to those interested in thef fate of the matter in the coming fight, and the eleventhment in regulating the mail contracts, there would have been no deficiency at all, for no good reason can be assigned why the Post Office should not be made a self sustaining in-very anxious to make the acquaintance of the leading metropolitan journalists. We are, how- ever, compelled to decline the dangerous honor.Poat Officepassed the House on Monday, was taken up by theSenate yesterday.It was printed, in the shape itThe franking privilege and the freeAppropriationbill. This, bill,whichhour professions of the several aspirants have little to do with the great issue before the coun- try. Each party has a list of prominent men.The conditionously impecunious, and if you ask him to din- ner, although he may refrain from pocketing the gpoons, he will not hesitate to turn a penny by libelling you in his delightful" editorial correspondence." If the people of Sodom aad Gomorrahhadanysuchleadersandteachers as the great majority of the country editors inthe United States, we cannot wonder that the Cities of the Plain could not produce the seven just men whose endorsement w a s required to save the fated boroughs from the merited ven- geance of Heaven. The rural editor and his readers realise the idea of the blind leading the blind, and both are always in the ditch.passed the House, in yesterday* HJBBALB; Anaent providing for wrapping an# mail paper all of whom are striving to obtain the nomina-agreed to. Au amendment providing thatin- tion, and they speak accordingly. But these terest on soma due contractors should be p*ii to speeches are addressed in reality to the partySeveral subjects o f Interest were brought up inths legislature yesterday, butwe have no apace fora more extended reference to them. Our reports hungry and clamorous for the future. They all and despatches give ths particulars.from the voice of the people, which is claimed to b e "the voice e f God." The base conduct? the treachery and the trickery of the Regency, have elevated Fernando Wood to his present strong position, and but for them his name would scarcely have been heard in the political world to-day.Common Council Investigating Com- m i t t e e s — P r l x e F i g h t i n g — F r e e jT -lgat Over the Bill to Appoint 1napectora and Cen-raaaera• •Irrepreaatble Conflict tat t o e Senate, sue.OCR SPECIAL ALBANY DESPATCH. ALBAJTV, Feb 7,1660This lias been general order day In the House. Varioui bills were under consideration in the Committee of thelena ;port of it is given in another column. Before theUga on, Esq., was likewise destroyed, in spite o,- ths greatest exertions to save her. fires have been V e t fswvalent of late in Yonkers, and it hi thought*•* ifce tesendiary has been busy sit his work of busydirectly dependent on the harmony and friendly intercourse between the North and the South. In these extreme sections of the Union the old parties will probably throw their usual respec-The Chairman of the Committee of Ways and Means in the last Congress was Glancy Jones, who was a fair sort of man. For this post, Sherman, the defeated candidate for the Speak- ership, is spoken of; but he has no claim to suchHe added that he declared in Congress that "he wished every slave upon earth could listen to him, for if that were the case, and his mind could b e obeyed, yonder sun should g o down uponaworldliberated." Nodoubtifhehad only accesstotheslavesoftheSouththisday, and could escape himself with a whole akin, hewhole army and clergy, has not been able to reduce more than one-fourth of the republic to its rule, and is today far weaker than it hasshould be considered qualified; unless such person could lead and write one huudred and fifty words per innate. Ixst.There was soother skirmish in the Asseably this morning, upon this bill to authorize tbe Board of Saaervi- sors of the county of New York to appoint canvassers aad inspectors of election After a short explanation b ythe people.ing. Agitation ishistrade. HewasborninPennsylvania, and is now sixty-five years ofage. He practised law in Ohio, whence, in1£38, he was sent to Congress, where he helda seat ever since till the last Congress. Onretiring be made a remark which is characteris-tic of him. H e said, in writing a letter In De-cember: "This is the first letter I have paid for ed at once. When the bill becomes a law the in twenty years." How has the Poat Office $4,296,000 to be paid the mail contractors willbeen abused and perverted all that time in be circulated through the country, and givecirculating gratuitously the printed sedi- greatrelief. ThisheavydemandontheTrea-tion and incentives to treason and blood- sury, together with the balance of the appro-shed aad murder which emanated from priation payable before the end of June, willhisownpeaandthesillybrainsofhis nearlyemptyitofallthatitcontains,andcontract*.:-theiTwelves,andbeinfullforallclaims conventions,andtheconventionsaremadeup excuseforawidercirculation,andforsellingfor damages, and prodding likewise that no inte- of office beggars. Their duty is simply that ofit secretly to the press for twenty pieces of sil-terest is to be allowed on the last quarter of the naming the candidates, and they have no influ- ver. The object was threefold: firat, to embroilyear,waaalsoagreedto.Anotheramendmentwas encewhateverinformingtheissue.Itisfolly WisewithDickinson,damagehimattheCharles-proposed, providing for the abolition of the frank- to suppose that Mr. Douglas, with his labored ton Convention, and put him outof the wayofing privilege after the 1st of May next, but that allperson*BOWentitledtotheprivilegebeexempted speeches,canchangethisfromthepractical theirowncandidate;second,toinjureWoodia from the prepayment of postage, this amend- and vital question that has come up, into an Southern New York, and prevent his electionempty abstraction such as he proposes; or thatfellow conspirators, to say nothing of theirprivateletters,havingthesameobjectinview—the subversion of the constitution and the go- subject the reader is referred to our money vernmentment gave rise to considerable discussion, and Mr.CoUamer moved to repeal the acta of 1847 and Mr. this or Colonel that can soften down friendly to Governor Wise; and third, to pre- IS". 1, appropriating $700,000 annually lor the use and give a national complexion to the vent the election of the delegates to Charleston of the Post Office Department. At this stage ofthe proceedings the further consideration ofthe bill waa postponed , till to-day, A mes-sage w a s received from t h e President v e -toing the joint resolution, passed by the ter of little importance who are the candidates votes as a unit, to elect them by a packed con- last Congress, making an appropriation for named by the respective conventions. They vention, in order to guard against any chanceparty leaders disappointed in the past, andunite in one great aim— the ultimate abolitionTHE TREA TYWITH MEXICOBEFORE MexicoT H E stillNEW YORK HERALD, WEDNESDAY, F1BEUABY 8, I860:.••.3S forothergradssofhomicide,andnineteenfor inyesterday'spaperbytelegraph. To-daywefelonious assaults, remaining to b s disposed of. The cotton market waa SuU yesterday oa thebutthatItismerelyalyceumlecture." If thepopulationofthiscontinent-^factwhich ever lecture was political and partisan, that of will outweigh all the slanders of Giddings andGiddings undoubtedly is. It is, If possible, of the whole crew of anti-slavery propagand- more so tttan even th# lecture of Wendell ists from Maine to Missouri.publish by telegraph the result of the delibera- of lltfe. to* awawUat Bshrnds, while tea sales were tions of the Convention jflateraay, togethergrades of State and Western, as well as second set of democratic delegates to tor mixed frrades of Southern, while prion* closed five Charleston, and that last fall anothercents higher in sane cases; extra qualities were un-.-Err auteoB-rlamans As changed. Wheat waa tn setter request, chiefly for mill- Democratic Convention, under the auspicesing, (he principal sales were confined to Canada club, at of the Regency, elected delegates to suitf 1 'jo, and Milwaukee dub on private terms, with some that junta, and did not give the rank and file ofwild fanaticism that believes in Seward, by Congressional districts on the hue and cry of applauds Wendell Phillips, and cano- "dictation from another State,"' and under the nizes John Brown. It is, therefore^ a mat- pretence of unanimity ami of casting theirTHE W A T TO CLEAN THE STREETS.—It is stated in some of the European journals thatwill be but the representatives of party ideas of an expression of the people's will, and soremoving obstructions from the mouth of the Missiaaippi river. A joint resolution, appropriating$6,000 for the relief of Commander Hartstein, wasadopted. Commodore Shubrick was authorized toreceive a sword from Gen. Urquiza, the Presidentof the Argentine Confederation, Senator Wilson with the hope of modifying the real issue pre- scheme? The very contrary of what was calcu- introduced a resolution providing for n sweepinginvestigation into the exercise of the power andsented to the country.The result of the battle lias between twolated has been effected. Instead of the free soil Buffalo platform candidate of the RegencyThese are just the men to take a contract for cleaning the streets of New York, and we re- commend the Corporation to open communica- tions with them upon the subject a t once. T o be sure, it is a much more difficult task to clean our streets than to put out toe flames of Vesu-and the central point for party affinities; and the diecouises of prominent candidates will be fashioned more with a view of securingtheto stock the cards for themselves as to have a sure game.flow in upon the terrific subterranean fire which burns several thousand feet below the sea level.votes of the office beggars in convention thanBut what is the result of this well laidthat influences brave but foolish men to deeds We should like to know what has been doneof violence and insurrection and civil war, but with these charges. In two or three cases In-shrinks back from the personal consequences dictments were found by the Grand Juriesin which it involves its dupes. This treason against the parties. Where are they? Has theis more detestable than the other, because it is potency of political intrigue overshadowed thecowardly and will not practically carry out its majesty of the law? Has the scheming ot theown doctrines when there is danger in the way. low and vile governing class been able to ar-Giddings, like Garrison, knows how to take rest the course ofjustice? The District Attor-care of ms neck. Like him, too, he Is one of ney ought to be able to tell us whether these vius; but these British volcano extinguishers the oldest leaders of the anti-slavery party,patronage of the various departments of the go-vernment The Senate held an executive session, great parties, which respectively represent the being elected to the Mayoralty, Wood defeatedand confirmed a number of important appoint- positive and negative principles of American both him and the black republican candidatements.politics. The black republican party has as- together, and by his victory gave a blow to sumed the positive position of the abolition of the Regency from which it has not yet reco- slavery, immediate or prospective, gradual or vered, and is not likely to recover till afterlhe republican members of the Hc*use held acaucus last evening to nominate a candidate forPrinter. Abram 8. Mitchell, of the St Louis News, violent, as either of the several schools of doc- the Presidential election. He is far stronger in received the largest number of votes, and will pro- trine among its partisans may prevail in case the State to-day than they are, and is a more bably he elected to-day.indictments are to be acted upon, as well asthose found against thieves and burglars inunofficial life, or whether they have beensuppressed b y some hocus-pocus arrangement. them. They are just the kind of men we wantThs New York National Democratic State Con-vention, called for ths purpose of selecting dele-gates at large to the Charleston Convention, reas-sembled a t Syracuse yesterday. Fernando Wood,John A. Green, Jr., Gideon J. Tucker, and JoshuaB. Babcock ware appointed delegates at large, andWin.C.Beardslee,JamesT.Soutter,JohnHaggerty,and Benj. Chamberlain alternates. A full list of thedistrict delegates is appended to our report of theproceedings. Mayor Wood addressed the Conven- the abolition stump speeches now being deli- of the State, and the triumph of the black re-tion in an eloquent speech, which wet also publish. vered by Phillips and Giddings, are the hand publicans. If one set is adopted, the other set a Speaker in Congress, and, perhaps, to place aof slavery, which forms the cohesive elementof the party organization. Between Sewardand Sumner the difference is but a step, Ho-race Greeley is only a degree below Wendellhangs fire in the Senate, and Mr. McLane, ourMinister to that republic, has been called toWashington, where he Is momentarily expectedPhillips, Sherman and Grow are merely a shademoremoderatethanTheodoreParker,andthe ofdemocraticdelegatesgotoCharlestonfromthe various factions of the democratic party,way of averting the disaster, and that is by admittingbothsets ofdelegates, orrejectingthe same time the routes to the gold and silverregionsofourterritoryontheGila,andsouthof sionthesectiontorepealthatactwasadopted,andinthat it,remainclosed,forallthepracticalpurposes shapethebillwasorderedtoathirdreading. Itwiliunand that is, the defeat of the nominee of theChicago Convention, the standard bearer of theMr. E. George Squier read an interesting paper radical revolutionists who would overturn the pends over its destinies. Unless this course isto bring before them. From recent developments in that noted body in New York, it ia not to be wondered that the friends of the Tammany clique should vote again*', thehundred andfifty-twodied before reaching S t He-ratification of the treaty will give an early anda great Impulse to our commerce with thePacific shore. The ulterior advantages of repeal of the act of 1865.existing order of things. A sensible and adopted at Charleston, the State of New York before the Historical Society last syening. A re- logical letter from the pen of Mr. Rives, of Vir- may be set down as lost to the democraticThe amendment to the pr'ae flthUng act came up also tn Committee of the Whole, and was strongly opposed by Messrs. Ellsworth, Robinson and MUliken, on the grout 1 that it was in violation of the common law, requiring men to testify to matter that would criminate themselves. a<- tbough the law provides that the answers of any person who has been a party in the fight shall not be aaed against him, la any proceeding or proaeeatioa whatever, yet they considered it a violation of all law and jastiee; their testi-on the Unexplored Regions of Central America"protection to our transit communication be- tween the two oceans, and the political advan- tages which the treaty secures to us, are tooginia, vMch we publish in another column, party; and with the loss of New York, the whole adjourcmeat a commute* was appointed to express exhibits m a graphic manner the true ten- game is lost, and the vast stakes and issueswhich depend upon i tof Lord Macauley. are rising into strength everywhere, and FACTION IN THE APPOINTMBNT OF CONORESSION-evident to need commentfthe sense of the society with reference to the death dencies of the political elements which Early on last Monday morning t h e hotel known that will operate with overpowering forceIt is hardly possible to conceive that there mony would give a clue to the prosecution aad furnish should be any doubt as to the propriety of rati- the latter weapons to use against the parties (has teeufy- iug. after some farther discussion progress was re-fyingthetreatybecauseofasupposedinability pcrtod.AL COMMITTEES.—The Speaker of the House of againstthefanaticismthatwouldinvolveevery- RepresentativesisnowarrangingtieCommit-as the Grove House, in Yonkera, waa discovered tohe on fire, and in a abort time was completely de-stroyed. The four fire companies were promptlyon the spot, hot before the flames could be suffi-ciently extinguished the haadaorae residence ofCaptain Garrison also caught if* and was entirely more immediately affected by the result in which the country has the greatest interest consumed. The yacht Tremont, owned by R. Uv- Commerce, manufactures and mines areof the liberal government of Mexico to carry The bill to provide for the appoinUnent of Inspectors of election and district canva_s*ers in the city and county ofthing in ruin.The true field of the fight will be in the Ways and Means and the Committee on Com-Central States, whose material interests will betees in Congress, ef which the Committee of merce are the most important, certainly thosegoing on there for two years, if rightly consi-The loss on the bexnt buildings tive majorities, becanse (be people have not a a position, unless that he endorsed Helper'sthe great exertions and sacrifices that have Messrs. Jacques, Harris aad others, Mr. areeatrtns beenmaderenderitdifficultfortheconstitu- movedthattbeCommitteerneandreportprogress,in order that a member from New York, »»©*** ••*tional government to exhibit great aggressive present at this un>e, eouW BpeaJt upon the qeeaUan. TUBAtiK»-- «# —« J> rmni theirfriends frees paasinc a a « * b ^ £ - ? * < * 'practicalknowledgeofeachother,andareled to net through imaginary antipathies. But inbook,andheisentirelyunfitforthedischarge«*theBoard of AlmshouseGo- a was adopted ap-of the duties of Chairman of the Committee of U outaidethe the Central States the question comes borne to Ways and Means. Equally unsuitable is themotion was tost; whereupon there commence* a sun* de cidedly tick aad racy. . . .*^TM" •**» tv&twork outswould advise them to a measure more general gentlemauwhoistalkedofforChairmanof andmorefiendishthanthatofStDomingo,andenergy; but the same cause deprives the priest-ly revolutionists of any strength they might besupposed to possess.' The Juarez government •notion to cobfls* in* appoiBUaeitts to the mhanttanu efcratk overseer of ths areeejsn « f ! L *Hospital. Thesubjectwe*uaafiyreturn*on lamas] Hospital, to report a ^ n a aalready resound with this issue. The abolition prairie chickens than of ships and commercial What would be the use in throwing pearls Lot too treaty be ratified, and the commerce other ride might say epos •"» anwrtton, that there weredistricts ia theoSy of New York where men could not he before swine to arguing with a man which will revivify Mexico begin under the found qualified to atrve as inspectors aad canvassers. beF M f t VwBBMBEhSkHt TIBB—sans • —M8o for the week, osomrtteeon Bhrsela to hear parties on tinaW w# MHiPHspSaB 0js__B_p __BT"J^BW0> eajai BBM_I J a**-***-. « relation*. Such is thewayinwhich factionthe lectures of Wendell Phillips and Gid- prevents the business of Congress from being who dignifies bis trash with the name shield of its stipulations.could show them that aueh the ens*. He would also cf UMcatyof New Yorkthatef gofemisg themselves.At this assertion three or (oar ef the Hew Tort memhers jumped to tot tr feet, and called htm to order; ceafe- sioti gewtssty reigned for a f*w PatoeVat.The Chen-man recognised Mr.aniahwlen, who the point is* order that the gentleman (Mr. MilLkee) tpeakinf enaarftasaatiaaruy, sad making onjaet against hat osastWusnls. (Uaghtet.)Mgfly. tmthe Jlilpf Astral ksLtarAnaSLnshia ra man capable of such revolting senti-ments ftf these, the reader, w ^ BOt bo surprised. flow, nearly all $ * * crimes were committed tutrt for atacj jtirs, aaiThomas M. Tryniski 309 South 4th Street Fulton New York 13069to Goldto Sherman as the black rec«b- men who are eminently suitable. ForTa- fbr Speaker, tad the labor- stance, Mr. John Cochrane, who filled the tsfsm slavery, are til parts of the office in the last Coogrees, would be the right •* « e black republican propa- maafcrtiM mm post now. He dischargedlaw, and if a slave escaped into Ohio, he wouldthough he swore is Cosmress to uphold theCRIME AND BLOODSHED W N E W Tome—The records of the present session of toe Court of Oyer and Terminer afford a melancholy evi- dence of ths progress of too worst crimen inevery man's tangible interests, and titer* theissuo, if rightly understood, will shape the re- the Committee on Commerce—Mr. Washburne,Mr. Caliicot said tbe discusses had taken a wide course,moresothanhetboagutjuabflable anonbisand of selecting delegates at large. An ac- that "some have charged himwith giving apartisan aid political character to his lecture, they are by far the most long-lived portion ofwhite Canada at $1 38. Sales of corn were moderate, and the democracy any chance of sending men to clap-trap ad captanduw political parry speech, the expenditures of toe fiscal year ending Junepriceswithoutchangeofmoment. Porkwasfirmandmore representthepeople—thesametacticspursuedactive, with Bales mads for March delivery; new mess sold—JSAJTS on the spot at $18 a S18 25; new prime at $14 25 a by the Seward wing of the republican leadersinwhichthevainoldgarrulousagitatormakes SO, 1860,making in all ten millionstwotl4*7}i. Sugars were more active, bayera having en- in the State. The delegates now assembled at -Tun r**t Mas tered the market sura freely. Prices were firm, with Syracuse are elected not by a packed conven-string of Stories about John Quincey AdamsI VOWI—1-*«_—tion, but by democrats in theseretal Congres-galesof 1,200 hhds. Cuba muscovado and 1,480 bags Per-oambuco at rates given ia another column. Coffee was sional districts, and therefore claim to repre- firm. Aa invoice of 4,000 bags Rio was sold at 12c , sent the people.with smalt lots at 12c a 12.e ., and .000 bags Oecara, anew article from Brail, resembfing prims Ieguayra, woressUatlSKe., and s lot of Java in mats sold at U^c. York democratic politicians to throw the State The stock of Bio embraced 23,245 bags, 31,000 mats and1,000 government bags, which. Including small lots ofother descriptions, gave a total of 04,257 packages of allkinds.contest between the two rival sets of delegatesT h e R e a l Issue l i t t h e N a t i o n a l Crlaia— may end. A house divided iagainst itself can- Hanging of the Political Element*.Congresshavingorganized,andthetimefor not6tand. Thesplitin thepartyaroseinthisments to tite House bill, and adjourned whiledebating the propriety of abolishing the frank-ing privilege. Of the sum appropriated by thepresent House, $4,296,000 are to be paid to thecontractors, who have been so long deprived ing organ. The a c t Is, and the police records of their earnings b y the factions and unprinci-The Hew*.The election for AChief Engine »r of the Fire De- the meeting of the national conventions being way: A very general feeling was expressedpartment in place of Harry Howard, was held lastrapidly approaching, the political parties are AM)wehavereceivednaintelligenceastothe gettingfairlyintothefield,andrangingtheirThis completes the arrangements of the Newgambling, drinking, and debauchery generally; and ths Sodomites might have found In the At- lanta newspaper a very facile and accommodat-into the hands of the black republicans, andthus lose the Presidential election. That resultseems almost inevitable, whatever way the incendiary harangue of the most violent de-prove it, that much of the crime committed in the metropolis, distinct from toe offences done by foreigners newly arrived upon our shores,itw.asnecessarytogiveoutthatitwas"mere-ly a lyceum lecture" in order that persons who among the democracy that the delegates to the do not swear by Giddings and Seward shouldand his friends. Meantime Mr. Wise, of Virgi- nia, in Teply to a letter from New York asking his opinion, wrote a private, confidential note,giving his views pertinent to the subject Albany Regency got hold of it by playing the confidence game, and sent a copy to Dickinson, who was caught in their trap and unconsciously became their tool. He circulated Wise's letter among his friends, which gave the Regency anCharleston Convention should be elected by be entrapped into attendance. The object isthepeopleintheirCongressionaldistricts—ato the Mayoralty, as he was known to bearticle.Under these circumstances will a double setto arrive. What is the object of his coming has Whole, among which waa the bill U>compel the attendnot been explained; but w e can hardly suppose ance of witnesses before Common Councils la dues. The thattheSenatecanrequireanyexplanations billwassoamendedthatItconfinedthepowersofthe regarding the grave and important interests Council in investigations to questions of finance, aad cutoff their powers of inquiring into character, &c.Mr. Cooper (rep.) then moved that another aectian ba added, repealing the special act passed February 8,1865,brutal and bloody speech of Seward at Ro- the Empire State, and whichever set may be ceeded at last in seducing multitudes of fana- chester, the incendiary book of Helper, and accepted, the result will be the same—the loss tics from fidelity to the constitution, and mus- tering a party who are strong enough to electthat hang upon their action in this matter. Ourcommercial intercourse with the eight or tenmillions of consumers of cottonfabrics, utensils In regard to the Common Council of the city of New YorkThe Mayoralty election at Lancaster, Pa., took place yesterday, and resulted in the success of the democratic candidate by 189 majority, a demo- cratic gain of 500 votes as compared with the elec- tion of October lastAnarrivalatBostonfromStHelena, December27,reportsthatthebarkOrion,ofNewYork,Capt a portion of the remains of other disin-Morgan,hadbeencapturedasaslaverbytheBri- tegratedpoliticalorganizations,andthegreat both,andatthesametimenominatingforthetish steamer Pluto, and delivered to the United commercial, manufacturing and mining in- Presidency General Wool, of New York, a StatessteamerMystic Thecaptainwasimprison- terests of theCentral States. Whether allof patriot,asoldier,ademocrat,athoroughUnion edatStHelenabyorderoftheAmericanConsul. theseacceptthenomineeoftheCharleston man,who,byhispopularityandhishigh TheOrionhadonboardwhenshewascaptured Conventionornot,theiraimwillbethesame, character,wouldtriumphantlycarrythi3State ten hundred and twenty-three slaves,' of whom onebooks of the black republican party for the coming fight.will bolt, and do all manner of mischief—a step which, in the present position of parties in the State, must prove fatal to the democracy. Howman after their own hearts in the chair of the chief magistracy of the United States.It is not our intention to review at lengthwhat is so facetiously called " the lecture" of Mr.Giddings. That, indeed, would be an arduoustask. Toargue with himwouldbelike saw-ingtheair. Aswellmightweundertaketorefute a raving maniac in bedlam, or to makeone of the niggers he worships compre-hendaproblemInthescienceofastronomy.Bywhatprocessofreasoningcanamanbede-feated h i argument who says he believes in theconstitution, swears to it, declares In favor ofState rights and non-interference with the do-mestic institutions of the Southern States, andyet denounces the slaveholders of the South as"murderers, robbers a n d thieves," and, worsethan Nero, applauds the slaves that mutinyagainst their masters and smite them dead, andthat, as for himself, if he were a slave, "hewould escape if compelled to slay every slave-holderwhoopposedhisescape,ifGodgavehim ths power, even though he should be com-pelled to walk upon the dead bodies of slave- out its stipulations. The contest that has been New York, by the Board of Supervisors being taken up,Mr. COIJB(of New York) moved, to amend the aecoad sec- tion cf the bill containing the reading aad writing qtiUifi cation, to that the Buaro of Supervisors be antnorized to employ professors of elocution and penmanship for theAround the opposite political pole gatherthe conservative elements of the country, is the difficulty to be met ? There is only oneof iron, stone and leather, and the mechanicalappliances of steam power, has been reducedalmost to a cypher by the neglect of those de-fences which this treaty provides for it; and atThis the Tammany members voted is a holy again.-1Mr. Cooper asked for the ayea and noes, that those that were objecting to repealing a special act, whom he reoog~Dized a s being those that were cry lag against special tegts lation, could be placed upon record in their true position The act of 186t was then read, and after a short discusagainst Seward and his myrmidons, and thus save the republic from the danger which im-doubtedly pass in that shape, aad thus wipe out a Uw of emigration and trade, until the port on that has placed power in the hands of reckless and u» the Gulf of California, which the treaty grants principled politicians, who have secured their electiontous,shallbeopened.TheseInterestsareof asmembersofCommonCouncils,toinvestigatethe immediateandpracticalimportance,andthe characterofanyparsonthattheirfancymayprompttbemTheo fthe countryeditori snotori-MvTM i e>*^jisswgsK.tn%sav * « iaion arose out of a sMtten to lJL, J demo- sult. The press, the pulpit said the platform of Illinois—who knows more of log cabins and blood. tagonists, than it has been at say previous time. Mr MUliken, of Westchester, stated that whatever theeulogies of John Brown, the stimu- properly conducted/appointing men to posi-of Helper's book, the obsti- tions for which they are unfit, mad excluding that h i would nullify the Fugitive Slave«Utheabolitionofslavery. thedutiesbeforewtmgroutobfflty. HeHJ*. ti»fttf»i it Outhecontrary,hewouldlookbeenconvictedofmurder-* uses,andMr.MUUkenii m,ssatiswthathecoe fciderel it one of toe beahhtom rules A n t New Yoric for one session—and in reply conM adopt to appeal from the "Seed « » « • » •to an inquiry of Judge lngraham yesterday, an• will involve k»civilwar,breakupthebwsy Wm of our manufactories, eksj. «end iron ininee, and spread a geoeral ruin and des-jiatioa onr tie U t istrikeftdeathWowtobisoppressor"—thatis,a officialoftooDistrictAttorney'sofficestatedto bis master seeking to reclaimsiSSilii anrtisns I batefBBJS nawvoa^ousj Of. f M vSafcsjLwas Suitw/or of t•is•o FPurri»l ms«anM_feeafl with withon with approbation and delight if the stoveshould "stand u p in his own humanity andheahhy Ugislature. Thar*cliy that sera toaAbSO* U>«characteriBticofthecityofNewYork all great cttiea.| | | -WUB wffeVBIwMI ^^fWal WkYJa_fa_Bafggfff_a_a_»jkig«lf*musW_ss>-' f u n .notfrom the Western country, who knows as much •boutCMaiwrc*Mb*d*« about Chinese*appointM B , insteado f someignoramusUntitled Documentmaj oralty election, which Ihundred a n d ninety-six thousand dollars($10,296,000), did not puss through the Senate and Joshua R. Giddings, and what they said yesterday. That body added several amend-and did in Congress, sad bow Giddings, to save himself from being expelled for bis violence, an away. But as for discussion of the princi- ples of human government or its duties, there was not ft word. That is a subject entirelyabove ths calibre of such men as Giddings. The composition was not a lecture, but anorganisation of the republican party at Pitts- burg, and he now takes the stump in its cam- paignof1860,andseems determinedto makeupbyviolenceoflanguageforhispartial eclipse by younger, fresher and more refined men who have adopted his views.of millions of dollars for the last eight or tonyears by this class of criminals, have a right toknow what course has been or may be pursued STW8 FROMTHE STATE CAPITAL withregardtothoseindictedindividuals,and Compelling WltncaaeatoTestifyBefore wenowcallupontheDistrictAttorney forin-formation.It is impossible for the republican party to get rid of such leaders as Joshua R. Giddings and William Lloyd Garrison, and well may these men now exult with the diabolical pride of Satan, who enticed the angels in heaven from their allegiance to God, that after an agi- tationofaquarterofacenturytheyhavesuc-SENATE.—The n e w treaty withthem the negroes perish, and that In the Southscription, quite worthy of him and in keepingwith his political history and antecedents. But by the enormous burthens they threw on other parts of the United States.' The countrythe mails by their abuse of the franking privilege. Had there been no franking privi- lege, as there ought not to be, and had the mails not been cumbered in circulatingtomakeproselytes,andJoshuawantsahear- uselessnewspapersgratuitously,andhadCon-editors are not behindhand in contributing their share of misdemeanors; and as they are not generally fit for decent society, their expe- riences of the metropolis are drawn from the Five Points or some other congenial locality.gress used propereconomyand sound judg- WhentheycometoNewYorktheyare alwaysstitution.transmission of newspapers ought to be abolish-there will probably be soon a necessity for another Treasury loan. For the details ef theMr. Glidings, who is a lawyer, thinks he hasmade a great point by showing that treasoncan only consist in such overt acts as those ofJohn Brown. That may be the definition of the developement of frauds in the Corporation, a company of English capitalists have applied legal treason, though to give aid and comfort the result of which has been in many cases the to the King of Naples for permission to extin- to traitors is also treason. But there is a establishment of very grave charges of cor- guish the volcano of Mount Vesuvius by cut- moral treason that is more criminal in the eyes ruption and fraud against sundry subordinate ting a canal from the sea, and letting the water of all law-abiding men, and that is the treason officials, contractors, surveyors, and so forth.INDICTMENTS FOR CORPORATIONa couple of years past the attention of certain investigating committees has been devoted toholders from Mississippi to Maiden?" How for-tunate for the slaveholders that the power andcourage of Giddings are not equal to his will! and clerical revolution, that absorbed the purpose of examintag the appointees, aad that no onedered, removes any such doubt. A militarybeen at any previous momentIt is true thatto-morrow's sun would set in an ocean of is stronger to-day, through the decay of its an- tb* election districts, which was really tb* question beof "a Lyceum lectors/' but avowsesmaWattsjuuriwoa commands the rendition of fab metropolis. Already some four or five *ThV Chair Oct*** h i pstat of order net weBthat theremore cases of murder, ten for other degrees of homicide, and nineteen for felonious assaults,are stilluntried no torn thansevenMr. Arcahtrtas followed, r s f l l s e S M ehanre* « MiDiken, that they wiFRAUDS.—Formust be fellows of great enterprise aad large ideas, and we have no doubt that the magni- tude of the undertaking would not frightenone of the most order! ' www.fultonhistory.com 