 „. , |j J" W e were at Chicago, and had as good an oppor- archaeologist, M. Augusta Marriette. It wonld appeartunity as any one of knowing what Mr. Greeley said that in the coiffse Of his explorations he had lighted on and aid inhis efforts to prevent the nomination of Mr. the Palace of Cephren,the King of Egypt, who is sup-on their invitari«,.\.>, and on many other occasions immense edifice is built of solid granite, and. seven press, from sheets receivltd iii advance of the regular States who had fought against the Persians, was re- .59' N.. and Ion. 139° W E.,- tp be insufficiently shel- of covering it with gold, and found that its price in half rdhimadvocatetheclaimsofBates,orofsome magnificent colossalstatuesofKingPharaoh*Ce- issue,Leslie's'*AutobiographicalRecollections,"and covered. ItisinthemostArchaicformofGreekwrit- tered,shallow,'andobstructedbyabarattheentrance, eaglesmorethancovereditsentiresurface..YetPlas-f';—Mr, Gilchrist,author of a sympathizing and intelli- day (fvcBing last: monds. Viscountess Fielding's diamonds were Hogg's "Life of Shelley," jan uniinished work, to gent biography of. the painter Wm. Etfy, announces a'jLtTTERS'IH AIJJANY..at no distant day, to be the President of tfo Untied,States, They have^ seen in his round, jolly, fruitful mourning prevcntcd| ibis from being a -fancy ball, as is eciit a«d English Dictionary," his.cl.ief labor, standsf ^ * 0 ^ ^* g^tbea^oro* *"*^ the Chicago Convention,1appofotme»t^<&arge«hipa and foreign missions bursting Some of the dresses ipprohched the fanciful, however;and 'sprouting out in wonderful exuberance, ready to bobe laid hold of by their greedy hands. And as they have the sons of Lord Jiiihn Russell were in "Knicker- 'Buperintended by P*of. Goldstucker.' The imprOve- been gazing upon this attractive picture so lpnff,they can-party bring themselves to give up the charmiug hope; but QI •with greedier anxiety they rush about him, sustain ^'that Convention to harmonize and eonsoHdate upon him, and give him marches, triumphal entries, and re- .fey one candidate up to fViday morning had raeas- ceptions beyond what even in the days of his highestviitfy prepared public expectation for the nomination prosperity, they could have brought about in his favor. «j Mr. Seward. That such wae the expectation of On the. contrary, ttobody has ever expected me to beH*he Atlas and Argus circle was very evident; and, President. In my poor, lean, lank face, nobodv has ever seen that any"cabbages were sprouting out. "these' ; \./ >;;the People'^ p JSaturday evemittj|>pened by an a m i }>y detachtaents suburb, trntil tt^? life, and that nob ibecanae an impa].'. t h a n 15,000 ppf?cmost inopport i, a<!; jo^clock. As mi*vor«e or the»es by struarpriisae, as the failure of the majorityo v for which that party will never have any occasion, Woobury; Vice-Presideh s, James Locke, W. H.tojwit: an illumination.Ohat in a city like this, where so many of Mr. Sew- Stuart, S. A. Torrance, D. W. Blasdell, Oliver Cran-a»#*s personal and political friends.reside, there should, dall,' and P . Philbrick, for Persia; Homer Woodin and beiyery many heart-sick at the result of the nomhia-tk|a at Chicago, was but an expected and natural inci- Ira Whitcomb, for Perrygburgh; E. W. Hcury, S. T. dent of that result. That there are in this city, also, a Munger, and H. Hathaway, for Collins; Recordinghtinfe number of active and working Republicans who Secretary, Norman H. Allen; Corresponding Secre- jfe^l with Lincoln and Hamlin more confident of sac- tary, S. G. Springer; Treasurer, A. L. Chaffee.cc*s than with any other name presented for the nomi-The Garibsildians; are said to have been completely benten, leaving a large ;(>umber killed and wounded.Southern Norway, comprising the arnts or districts ofBudskerud, Jarlfeberg, and Laurvig, Bratsberg, aud weather ramblers. Some of these Druids are already-.•nation, is equally true. They Wlieve that the Repub- lican party is,not the property of any individual, nor—The Washington correspondent of TJic Cleveland Plaindealer says, that at Balti more, after a few bal-publican cause.Throughout the city now, every day increases the•warmth and unanimity of t'eclijtg with which Republi- cans indorse the Chicago nominations, and never yet Las the* Republican cause in this xity been so strong, nor its supporters so numeronH as now. Of this we will give yon good proof next Fall—with or without. Douglas as the enemy's leader, and " i n spite of lamen- tations here or elsewhere."^ CJEOTAUB.•—An enthusiastic Republican ratification meeting was held m Portland, Me., on the 30th alt. Gov. Morrill presided and made a speech, as also did LeonardAndrews, esq., of Biddeford, Edward Fox, esq., of Portland,- II. P . Dease, esq., of Portland, the Hon. A^n<wNour»e of Bath, the Hon. Mark H. Dunnell—A letter from Mason County in Virginia, says that the writer knows between fifty and seventy-five peo- ple in his vichdty who are sure to vote for Lincoln and Hi mlin. Considering that in the last campaign there was not a vote cast there for Fremont, the advance isnot small. " Places like that cajll for documents.PERSONAL.—Mr. Jenkins of The Herald writes beautifullyabout the recent wedding of Mrs. Bodisco and Capt. Scott. Jenkins says that " the fair bride, though weighing perhaps two hundred and fifty pounds, is still a mfl'gnifiC'Ut1 woman, and apparently good forkee folly excuses.our modest rejoicings.' tions on Species at the Philosophical Society's Rooms, ences the results of his scientific observations during —Herman Melville, author of Typee, and other tales Cambridge, before a large audience. He spoke in the that period. He states that the island consists ofparty. We are now assured that he was really prea- f believe this is a mistake. Mies Evans; who wrote—Mr. Seward has given- a fireman who bad his related by Herodutus, after the battle of Plata?a. Thisthe shocks severe, but they rarely produce amy dam- age. During twenty-two months, Furet. noticed eleven shocks. . - . Vcat at the late Dooglas'meetujgat the Cooper Institute, not in the room where the meeting was going on, but in the: small refreshment room behind the platform. We trust Mr. Schell is aound in his devotion to thecause of Douglas.~ W e take the following from The Boston Atlas andBee.-these works, is not Mrs. G. H. Lewes; the first wife of that gentleman, to whom he was married many years ago, is still living.—An interesting discovery, of which .further par- ticulars, will, no doubt, shortly lie given to the Scien- tific world, was recently made in Egypt, in the neigh- borhood of the Great Pyramid, by the celebratedwas carried to his new, capital by the Emperor Conrstantme, and, though mutilated by the iconoclastic zealof the conqueror Mohammed II., it still remains erect inthe Hippodiome at Constantinople. As it was difficult Japanese Government obligated iteelf to open by the to reconcile the present .appearance of the monument first of January, 1860, the port of Niagata, on the with the descriptions of ancient authors, somo doubts west coast of Niphon, to Russian Commerce. . If the publishers for any 1-enCwed activity in ' business, and had been thrown on its authenticity; but during the harbor should, upon investigation, be found to be un-Vicei-Piesident of the United States."—jTbe following was among the resolves of the great lace of single stone diamonds. "Mrs. McGarel displayedattempt to bring, any ojf. the "Jvritings of the great geographer of the age witbhjjtfig range of the English reader. Messrs. Appleton r<!t Compromise an edition ofpublished form. The forthcoming series will in all .probability app.ear'in a similar volume,dadi, and it was determined to institute a further ex- ploration to the south of Niagata., —The well-known geographer- and traveler, Guil- lanme Lejeaii, has been sent by.the Emperor of the French on a scientific mission^to the .Upper Nile. HisThe Duchess of Wellington had a fine tiara and neck- Republican ratification meeting at Syracuse on Wednes- a beautiful necklace of large sapphires set with dia-sIs' —' .- —l '.... —->• • .. - i • ,jiKffdrd tob^ :" cdnta|aaaous"' as almost atiy^pe'reon, .wOik'Hl the grace im1beforetheStateas-candidateefortheSenate; Senator tionsdfthoJh'Btgiving%aspecial•chariinofitsown,in' pa^^^Ad]ja^:fM'W«Kis^ntfoasl'of4ree^n<^,;and I Douglas is of • worldwide renown. All the anxious fwhoin the iSenate might have chosen for its victim. ; addition to its interest in Literary History.; Among;his.w tha<; by tho'islmid of Spitebergem "'SfcLeopoidji'Clin'JVales., Cra^br<rfound ,everyjw1)cre #BcaYcity of water, andf aloh^tJbei;Darling'Eivcrst number of bis. horses$&$&&$0j0$. eatmg.akind of indigo-bearing plant, wHca grew on the bauks of tho stream in great abundance. At tho end of hisreport he declares that, if gold exi«tmth« Barrier Range;, it must be at such-a depth as to render ifs extraction a work of great labor and expense, ancl from the'''absence of water-mining cfForts must result;the year, and in some years not even that. Australian! , advices also inform us that Tolmer's expedition to tbe> interior of the Island-continent bad lieen forced to> \ return to.'Port! Augusta, and had been indefinitely postponed.!FROMI•--* politKiane of bia party, or who, have been of his party j —Queen Victoriaj gave ajnvenile ball ou the 11th addition to its for years past, have been looking upon him as certainly, ult. «The fact that |he l&oyal Eamily were in. private^ fc$ry$m^^face, po8t-offiee8,land-offices, raarshalsbipe, and cabinet usually the case; atj east|sd*5r/ttj Court jounud&zyis. conspicuous. It has: long; been a, ve_ry scarce, andtook, as '^j0e^lp^§^S^^^^^pm London, is Aklready engaged in preparations tfor %-new Polar Ex- pedition, to^ leave Ehglajid in the Spring of 1861. A new era seems to be opening in arctic research, the avowed object beingW longer a North-West passage, but the discovery of the northern terminus of our earth's axis^ and the eurvey of the mysterious regionTHE OLD PIRE R| TTLLAGB—?TiON-^-TUK €j ]lt*m Our Own CjetraThe old cnthn n 7Mlargelyexw:d|AM.X*T, M*y2M**>-i <Hfferen* phases presented by poliocal circles m thisbeen a rather interesting study to an outsider.fo«„tintelligenceofthe.nomiinnaa«tKiomntookallparties notinthelittledistractionthathastakenplaceinthevgfie the disappointment of some' of the Republicans are disadvantages'all, taken together,: that the iRepub-*%?the non-nomination of Mr. Seward was deep.and licaxs labor under. We have to [fight this battle upon tage Bible, and it this goes on: " This edition of thelniier that of The Alias and' Argus was only less principle, and upon principle alone, I am, in a-cer- Bible was prcparedjlor the press by an abolitionist; Itat^te' because stunning and crushing. While the tain sense, made the standard-bearer of the Republi- has copious notes, und whenever these notes can befc/mer felt wmething like the stinging smart of a cans. 1 was made so merely because there had to be Slavety qncstion,v.they evidently eefcool-boy CKstigation, the latter felt an effect more some one so placed,—I being in nowise preferable to. made to bear on theARTITEM'S.Seethe sadden and violent contact of a huge bowlder any other one of the twenty-five—perhaps a hundred frith their bead*. we have in the Republican ranks. Then I say I wishit"to be distinctly understood and borne in mind, that gFhe presses that had been engaged for some a me we have to^ght this battle—without many—perhaps h*.-k in preparing for the issue of pamphlets, doc without any—of the external aids which are broughtare not fitted for tb<; Sou h. The agent was required to take back all the copies he had sold, and leave forthe North at once/'America." : ••:•••'$ mencement of which the" Storthingrin 1857,. voted anis never old but always winsome and charming. The' audience badnnmless than; fire diftfling'different «ectiithe evening be.»-i- Jecture the thomaJ present If th'u if pf tho coming <?irt iiasm for Clay a; d &uH and* tame. 1 Ihas been vutni how'perfect is rh^Opposition elem;n ibp on at'bodgi a] heaijty verBatilit.. isplitter and mat,t>; 3MB was navigating *f the White B\m ihese d<?8igns, rfcwhard work and Hatthat they havet<t the .mysterious >.popular heart: sxfortnight after] t the spur of the Lucampaign! must nr< is to be followed a kludge Douglasgreat Col." Form Jione else of th •way, that vindieail Committee, in r»lJ -|he AdBaini8trati()i|promise of $80.f>a ivas so empbati«Ma ©pinion here, l^uijSecure the noniina j 1 Certain of yott -calling Philad«!nh "would goffer, were^]r6m the map, mhj eration of certain J\3 o a r d of Trade.." {port of dry goods ai vtibere came to ua thOf your steam fi<Jamount of mereh; owners must ha'ti tiie justice to bfli anything that dm this I vflbge send.-i a;'jihe I §35,000,00" here, which we kb duslv. From a th goods to Southrra are sent thither hjjj ijumereus stean:<-rJ :^K)rt8. Now, w iaf annually con tnbu u do oie can ti*il: ]jg^oasand clothi,'-^. yjou must receive e is known »to h» \i Tjhis yillage courttoised in opening n ,- c^nfesjsedly a \hskourseljves that IpTew epal at this preaed •vrhichj to.unloajd st< Jijnows tp her gr»;ja' "been jfavored with • plosive, while <yih* tike riiillstonep. , \ ajile aindwilling t foryotjt. Howiv^ Tfcatej the idea *f|| of projvinciahKin. y to them by our uev. »ense and better tin '•'• |:| That great me« wheXe it was d<; ^8,000,000, eimlfi tyrcen New-Y ork ered bv some of M "Ibey think if th< ID J^ built, but; tin 15 wanted nor 'UP*aaioney is such ti;.! I Xt the meeting m, einces, on Tuesd:i |«Very near the wh^Je fitouthisArcticek; ton had promised ai ip ten days.attcr i.->. iiillhewanted..ril ciety had assurod \l would be Qontribup confidently ext'»el't5 s6,000 needed forlt tiie middle of J(I'M Coai>t of .Greeiilarnt, ajud a Winter harljo the season prover!! late as the 1st of «IWJ At least l,00f f. eiveryweekovertie West. The bulls of remainder Iri^h. T'' through the cities at; burjr »nd Chicago, v to Kansas, MJSsojui•crowding hito; to\v'i:p themselves abroau'-Oi ^0 to purchase anc Gerujaus was'-,-n>li ugrowers, bound for.cesstirs are havit.g £the fame of vrnica iiand is causing a-h t-sobject is- the pinnM—A passenger by the Arabia communicates the fol- u4:ents, and circulars, aimed directly and exclusively to bear against us. So I hope those with whom I dm, lowing as the very latest from Garibaldi. It was at* Mr. Seward, cords of which were ready for circu surrounded have principle enough to nerve tliemsclvcs Liverpool at <^ueenBtown on Su'n-the Rev. John Mitford, editor of " The Aldine Poets," appropriation' of $10,000, is proceeding with com- true studio of the artist is, in truth, "under the green>^fec, and Mr. S." WelJer Singer, whose beautiful im- raendable rapidity, under the direction of Professor wood tree," and there our artists love to lie during tho)a*ion with the'nrst news of Mr. Saward's nomination, for the task ana leave nothing undone, that can be received direct from 'pr<iKHion of Shakespeare, known as 'tho " Chisvvick Summer monthsyand play at work, amusing themselvea»3w lie hopelessly idle, and piles of printed matter, fairly done-, to bring,about the right result." • rilched and unstitched, have, by the act of the Chicagoday, May'20: ' • • • . . ' . ; . ' • . •• . ROMK, May 18, 1860.-—An engagement has takenby*making studies of birchen trunks and sparkling men of taste as well as of Bibliomaniacs. Mr. Singer from the beginning of operations, the greater part of rivulets rippling past momy banks. Most of our artistsConvention, been rendered a dead and cumbrous massol", useleiw material, unfit for any but one purpose, and—A Republican Club has been formed at Persia,Cattaraugus County. President, the Hon. Wm.-jyal troops and tiie (xaribaldians inPlaindealer gives a llist of persons who writ? letters abound with literary gems that excite the cupidity of •f the few who attach themselves to the personal foi-- lots, the opponents of Douglas will concentrate their from this ity for journals in different parts of the co.an collectors -with less richly-furnished pockets. Thetnnes of any one man, and who, having a direct per-soiial interest in his triumph, in his defeat have added votes upon Horatio Seymour of New-York. ,to ijbsappointment the sense of personal loss. They —The Republican Union Club of Crown Point, N.believe with Senator Sc«vard that it is unwarrantable Y., held a ratification meeting, preceded by a torch-presumption in any man, or his friends, to claim thePresidential nomination as a matter of right, and as light procession, ou receiving the news of the Chicagoweek, into the eea of matrimony, taking for his part- ner-or pilot in hisi delectable voyage of discovery tha sister of Coleman,'his almost twin brother ia; art. That corsair on canvas, Mynheer Van Beest, remaina*' the party and cause is greater than any of it* advo- nominations. There is a spontaneous enthusiasm for cate*, even the meet ilhmtrionn, no person has a right Lincoln that cannot be checked or resisted. Everytry. He eays that Col: Hiram Fuller (Belle Brhv,an)writes regularly f<5r Tfte Illustrated London News.Col. Dn Solle of The Sunday Times is the correspond-ent of The Philadelphia Dispatch. H. T. Tackermaurepresents 7'hc Boston] Transcript. •Cornelius Mat '• Paradise Lost," the second issue (with a new title) them under the direction of Maj. Budogoski. One of United States.; Three of them—the Capture, of thothews of The New-Yorker is the " Puffer Hopkins" ofTic Saturday Gazette, Boston. Frank W. Ballard,secretary of an insurance company here, signs himself"jSor'w ester" in The Boston Post. Wm. A. Seavcr,W hile, therefore, the nomination at Chicago was notreceived here with that wild enthusiasm which charac-terized the.reception of_that intelligence in'many points if. Y., write us that on the 26ih inst., soon after hear-westward and elsewhere, the us.ual formalities of so ing of the nominations made at Chicago of Lincoln and do their share. Mrs. E. F. Ellet, who writes for momentous an event were duly observed, and the only Hamlin, there was a ppecial election held in that town Tic Express, also wields the pen for T/ie Easton (Pa.)compensating consolation that The Atlas and Argus to fill the office of Supervisor, which had become Va* Times. The Ohio Farmer, published in Cloveland, has been able to gather was the angry article in The receives some well- written letters over the signatureto utter a word of complaint because that party has, by its accredited representations, selected a standard- bearer who is not the particular friend of that person complaining.one seew.s to feel, that success with hiin is certain. Our correspondent says: "Put Essex d^wn for 2,000 majority, and'probably more. t ' ^—A correspondent at Canton, St. Lawrence County,.lately connected wjith-The Buffalo Courier writes }printed (a volume unknown to Bibliography), presen- eral streams. He descended, from its fountain to its tation copy from the author to Samuel Rogers, brought j mouth, the Chubtti-bir, (Huptu), a tributary of the.—Mr. Charles A. "Barry, the well-known artist inEvening Journal of Monday, and which, to the credit cant by removal. The Democrats made a great effort,of their shrewdness belt spoken, they have" made the in order, if poseible.that tbey might have one Supervisor of G.' They are from the pen of Mrs. C. H. Gilder land, and other Tales." is in press by Mr. Bentley, andBudogoski himself traveled from the Harbor of Pos- June. Those who have seen the heads executed bybest possiblea«§e of eyerjnnce. It .is but simple justice to the Repjgife.uJjB?1 rtToauy 10 state that while many of them maTce?H alWwanee f»r the ^tate of feeling undercagQj yet aB but a very few have severely centred it, ' plete victory was the result. Slosson, the Republican gambling house in Boston and robbed tjhe faro bank ofparticularly as the writer personally superintended its candidate, was elected by a handsome majority. St. $7,000. It is unnecessary to say that he did not take it publication on Monday evening, and sober secondthought should by that time have resumed its sway. Lawrence is all right for Lincoln and Hamlin. through the medium of! the croupier. Luck like that Upon the appearance of The* Journal on Monday The Illinois State Journal, published at Spring5eld, rarely happens in a Boston play-house. This opera-cvenirig the" President of the Republican GeneralCommittee immediately issued a call for a meeting of the home of Lincoln, says: tion was performed; by forcing open the safe. Greatwejt in D'Anville Bay, to the Gulf of Petschili, and fi-om there to Pekin. Returning to Irkutsk, he crossed the wide Stretch of country inhabited by the Mongols.Mr. Barry in New-York, will have entire confidence ia his portrait of tho Republican Presidential candidate. —By the iast|£t.rrival from Europe we have intelli-gence of the death, of the most eminent of Belgian sculptors, Professor Van Geefs, of the Royal Academy of Antwerp. Several of his statues have been erectedl in Brussels.>selves on the Chicago platform, raised the standard of whieh the writer of that article labored while In Chi-^ Old Abe, and went to work in good earnest. A com-—On Sunday'night,!a dishonorable thief eutere 1 a gland. Mr. T. Mason Jones is drawing crowds to Capt... Tu'rhin, who likewise visited the capital ofthe Committee upon the next evening to take steps to counteract the effect of the error of The Journal.At that meeting well-timed resolutions were passed," The Democratic organs, The Register among delight is felt by parties whose pockets have in times them, are so well satisfied that Mr. Lincoln is to be the past suffered, and most people, indeed, .think of theenthusiasm in his subject. Among a population so fear- extended researches are.likely to prove, of great1 benefitful and suspicious of "clap-trap" in every/shape as the to the rapidly-increasing commerce arid colonization ofmiddle classes .-of English society, the success o'f thisand measures initiated for a ratification meeting here already busily engaged a/ranging his Cabinet. Of •which will do justice to the .City of Albany as well aa courfe'all iheir speculations are the merestguess work,in the county; but.the friends of Ereedom plamedthem-sleeve, tho oharming contributor and poetess of The will be eagerly looked for by readers of all ages. Musical World. . ; . . —Anew oratorical light has just appeared in En-next President of the United,-States, that they areburglary with a calm satisfaction.bockers," without, thjii gaiters, fnll white breeches, a la Zouave,andscarlet^tockings. Twohandsomeboys, the sons of the Chaut ellor of the Exchequer, appeared in dresses which sum-iked a ifttlo of the- Ioman Islands, and displayed the.white Greek kilt..— The Henderson Texas) Tlines says that there has been an excitement I ii that vicinity, owing to the sale there by a book agent, of several copies of the " Cot-jncntoiutliiH will constitute it radically a new work, asP AI.KKMO, May 16,1860.—Garibaldi was at Alcamopoitions of Nedenhs and Trondhjem, will- have beenweekly for The Philadelphia Press.. The fair sex alsoSuYfun (Sufan or Suifond). The division whose labors crayon, who has no /r been six months established int New-York, has gone to Springfield, HI., to make as were cocfined to the territory about the Lake Chanki, portrait of*" Honest Old Abe,"( which is tobehitho-\«the Republican cause, and <pnt a final stop to the ill- but they are at least straws which go show it is the the recent prize-fight scoffingly, declnriiig that it is to augur genuine talent. -r-Father Furet, a Catholic missionary who has justnatured -whirring about "treachery,'' or "falsehood expectation even of the Democracy that Mr. Lincolnand misrepresentation," which'the true and rational will have the naming of the next Cabinet officers. friends of Mr. Seward feel to he as damaging to him These expectations will be fully verified in Novemberand to them, as to the harmony and success of the Re- next." ' "—An English Editor quotes an American leader.onspecies of entertainment is remarkable, and would seem the Amoor region.LITERARY.ii ;..•'.••« We have seen, in the history of our country, re- very fine, and arranged on light blue velvet; which interest has been | given by the announcementpcate*l proof that when misrule and corruption become memoir of the "Inspired Artist," William Blaice. It instructions aie to penetrate from Chartum to theaudacious ai>d oppressive, the people, for whose benefit which encircled the head, the neck, and cors- that the poet's family, have interfered to prevent its is to be hoped that Mr. Gilchrist has become possessedsouth or south-west, as circumstances may indicate. It is probable that he may also explore Waday.the (JJovernmeiit is administered, are quick to rouse age. Tb£ Countess of Yarborough had a deep, thgm&dvea to shake off their unfaithful servants. We bandeau of diamonds around the head, which recogpize in the present aspect of aflairs, the beginning was set in the pattern of the Grecian fret. "Theof aijother movement on the part of the people, to Countess of Dalkeith's suit was of very large tur- overihrow mismanagement, to select new adminiaterialagentf, to reform the public admini it-ration, and restore quoises, >et with diamonds. The Duchess of Rox- the Government to the* track nuirk*xl out for it by the bnrghe"8 diamonds and rubies were very .fine, andfounders of the Republic. The jnen selected by the Lady Caroline Burgess's emeralds were remarkably late Republican Convention as our standard bearers, ia large. The 3farcl,ioness of Londonderry's diamondsthe approaching contest, are eminent for their privateworth, the parity and ptegrity of their characters, for were magnificent, consisting of tiara, stomacher,' and their public services, and for distinguished abilities; necklace. The Duchess of St. Alhan's wore a particu-. their lives are, then, patterns for distinction and honor-able preferment. We point with honest pride to the larly beautiful diamond necklace. Baroness Brunnowsimple, pure, and manly integrity of Abraham Lincoln, had on.a large Eastern head-dress of velvet, studded . in con-parison with the poor exhibition "of the present with jewels. The Baroness Meyer de Rothschild " incumbent of the high office of President,.as shown by wore a splendid diamond head ornament in the shape ofrecent investigations. The people call him, as they did a diamond, large diamonds forming tho center circle, Cincinnatus, Jroni the plow^ to save his country fromcompletion, and, if possible, 16, suppress the book itself.—An addition to Douglas Jen-old's collected works possofcsod on the career of this gifted man, whose de-is forthcoming a scries of'articles written for a maga- signs and poetry are unappreciated, because inacces^zine twenty years ago, j| and said to contain some of his most sparkling touches of humor and pathos. They are called, from the|signature he adopted, " The Brownrigg Papers,w and will be edited by his son and biographer,"Blanc-hard Jer^old] with an illustration by George Cmikbhank.1-The two new volume s ofiMr. .Fronde's " Historyof England" cany him over the most painfully- interesting portion of his allotted task—tho reigns of Edward VI. and Queen' Miry. 1 There is niuah power- ful historical painting in his account of the latter reign, and, though Ehglis critics complain, of his want of human sympathy with the characters he described, and his subordination to thjisoutward rush and roll of tragic eventsj still there is much in his record of the fortitude of the Marian martyrs to stir the blood of the dullest reader, and; to show that the author's heart beats true to the great principles of humanity. More favorable, perhaps, personally to Queen Mary than many former writers, ho "considers her life to-have been "one long disease"'of both-mind and hotly, and traces the indelible stain which attaches to hor name to " the true ultramontane ppirit which for the first and last time was dominant inijEngland," mainly through the influence of the Legatl, Cardinal Polo, of whose character Mr. Fronde gives! an entirely new reading. It is probable that nothing but the uncertainty'of thethe coneeqnences ofa domestict yrannynot lets threaten- ing to our free institutions than would be a foreign in- vasion."•—The Montgomery (Ala.) Confederation thus gives the record ©f the leading secession delegates from the Charleston Convention from that State. It says:and a diamond ornament at the back of the head, with three immense drops hanging On the brow; also a splendid pearl necklace, consisting of three rows of immense size, with large sapphire and diamond and pearl drops. The Duchess of Beaufort wore a dress relieved with sprigs of diamonds. The Minister fromsian translation of Mr. C.'s "Harmony of Interests" is/ as we hear, announced for publication.GEOGRAPHICAL.—The visit of Dr. Hayes to Boston, resulted in aguaranty on the part of several prominent citizens ofness, but that the enthusiastic traveler \va> firm in the belief that his physical strength would return as soon as he should reach the region of the mountains." ,—Duveyrier, who left Algiers toward the close of J859, for- the interior of Africa, was, when last hoard from, at Biskra, a town of considerable political im- portance, situated in the Sahara, 214 miles south-east; pur coin coUectoj^ iiumbers- last weel.. .' I>eing had by a oelew *i>he*variety was \J1 hilt feel astonisheO. i\ <*an Mint within a •>'.looking at-such a o"! noi'C^Ui mad may \ti whieh these cu'ri •< gland shilling of, lo,.\' antmtal .United Stafi.! and au experiunai !l'hew was qijit<» 0 V; ahce. Then there >vtokens issued by.srui als. At a continiiatt cent of. 179*| brought token of pilver ^vj&, i patten 1.Quarter dolla soundj like paving fo ' ||;:6onlo'oT bur st,4jl xeeent rise in raiho'a ^ i n ^ it a|sjitucato,i: ckmung ajhnlv as to ajjost of theniji hav ^ppe has s^ influ.-i ffrm SOIU|D ejitimalcj <No one can 6* deceived M to what *re th« objects of the- Switzerland made his first appearance at a great Statethat city to pinchape and properly strengthen a suit- of Algiers. He was to leave this place in Februaryable vessel for the Polar Exploring Expedition. The -for the south. After a brief excursion to Nefta audprincipal-expenses beyond this will he the purchase of Tosccr, he intended to penetrate, by way ofWargla,the'stores and the wages of the officers and-men. into the land of the Tuareg, a mountainous and little-About five thousand dollars additional to tho fund known region. Ho hoped to reach Ghadanies, inalready raised in New-York, Philadelphia and Wash- Western Tripoli, in time to obsorve tho solar eclipse inington, will suffice to start the expedition. Steps have July. Duveyrier writes that in Laghuat he heard abeen taken by tho Arctic Committee of the Geographi- r Amor that Baron ICrafft had suddenly abandoned hisCha.r:<•.lou CouveiiUou. Lwt«» to what ihnir iueu *ay:" I wenltbeCottotiState* precijrfUW into a revolution."—Wm. L. Yancey." Ifl had the powfr, I woHja <H*«o}*e thi# Gwrruxfumt in twoball; for bis debut he chose a black court suit, enliv-ened with steel buttons. The effect is said to havebeen happy, tending to promote hilarity in the august. .*•aiinntM."—«/. T . Morgan." L*>t ambreak np thi» rotten, stinking,*«nd oprprrwivo Gorern- circle.' v;'-m*nb*'—Georffe GayU. - '," Ke«i«tajBc«.' Keai-tance to death ag»ia*t the OoTernment, Uwhat w« want now."—Damd ilttbhari.So we could go on throughout the whole catalogue,melnd'tvg "Tray, Blanche, and Sweetheart," but these arc enough to convict this crowd of revolutionary in- tentions.—The following extract from one of Abraham Lin- coln'tf speeches in reply to Douglas, has curious per- tinency to the,present time, when he is so unanimously i»«>a.ii«hM;d by a- .united party for Preaident, while Doughs cannot get the nomination of even the dis-tracted and disorganized faetion called Dexnocracy:" There U still another disadvantage under which we kbor, andto which J ask your attention. Itariaesout—We hear from Washington that Thaddeus nyatt iain imminent danger of being turned out of jail, and justat the time when ho was contemplating some importantimprovements in his present abode (which SenatorSumner describes as no better than " a common sty), extent to which this history may reach has preventedcal and Statistical Society to have this amount sub- contemplated journey toTimbuctoo, and gone to Con-' tho skeleton of a drowned man was found recently inof the relative yoeitioiw of the two pewojw who stand J regular in their calls at his hotel, can perhaps as' wellll readers his " Specimohs nearly fifty years. To geuer* Iof the Theater of the Hindoo4'" and his continuation of " Mill's History of British Icfdia" aro bis best knownalso leaves this Spring for the North Pole, will, in con- nection with the American"expedition, fairly decide tho merits of the two routes long i n dinpute between thoSTEALING' NEWSP APERS.—A vagrant named Charles Sutlth was nrre«tvd In the Fitawnth Ward ou FridayvX%\A. ohari;ed with ntculiug twenty-ouo uvu-ypupora (rom tlva doom ot •ubacribon, whero they had bcon left by the cwriera. He WMr 1jwith a view to making it as comfortable as possible for a an American reprint of. it, a^id there ia no doubt that a ttSummer residence. It is intimated that the Harper's one would, prove a suceesslU enterprise, tho English ll citails of chartography and marine surveying. As soonas the veteel 'is/ready for. sea, Capt. M'Cormiek wUlbnug her fVoni.Boston to Now-York, where she willFerry Committee are about to make their final report, which will amount to exactly nothing at all, and thatedition being'among the deaiiest of dearljooke.—The death of Prof. H. II. Wilson leaves a void—Dr. Bavth writes to tho American Geographical and Statistical Society, -,hat he is now permanentlythey will recommend the discharge of the contuma- among the cultivators of OriRental literature, a field incious witness, Mr. Hyatt, who, with an income rated .which Ins hibora have been cd;tistant and productive forreceive tor crew, stores, instruments, &c, aud whence settled in Berlin, whero he will eudoavor to fill, asthe expedition will probably sail about the '25th of well as may ho, tlio place in geographical circles left June. The Swedish-Norwegian expedition, which vacant by the lamented-Rittor. .at something: over $100 per day, and the society of de- voted and genial friends who are very constant and—Capt. Juincs Field Crawford has published an intejcKiug r«;poit of the exploration made last year, by Older of tho .Government of South Australia, of the chain of mountains which eeparatcs that colony from-•• '••'• •',''.'i'r»- ' ' ••''""'' • •-'•'-'*\'!Thomas M. Tryniski 309 South 4th Street Fulton New York 13069high-p»ii;e<l book, and a' new edition is'in progress,WhenPi^of..-Wilson wrote, Sanscrit could only be studiedempirically, through the traditional interpretation ofthe Brahmins; but'now.the light thrown on the geniasand composition of tire langu-iges.by the comparison-ofcognate tongues and ancient monumentH is aogi-eat thattlie subject can be approached with superior advantages.At the expense of the East India Company Prof. Wilsonpublished three volumes of a translation of the "Rig!A^eda, ' the oldest record of the Oentile World, withHistorical Introductions, &c. This is now also very scarce, and wanting in most of our public libraries.—Two libraries, among the choicest in their contentsof anything relating to old English literature, arebeing sold this Spring in London. They are those ofAin a great loss bf life.If1whom was heqtteathed-the greater portion of the im-i inm- ••!—•••»•»•iw• • ••.••>«.iw—Edition," has long been the cherished companiou of Theodore Kjerulf of the University of Christiania. *By the close of the present Summer, being, three years(who at one period of his life was. a bookseller) had'latterly been in the possession of great wealth as theresiduary legatee of the antiquary, Francis Douce, to Smaalehnenes, Akershuus, Hcdemark, Christiania,in which the royal troops were repulsed. Nollekens. Mr. Mitford had, no doubt, the usual re- from the Storthing, which sits the present year, Italy, and Switzerland, goes off .this SummerPalermo is again ia a state of • siege. Fresh troops sources of a well-beneliced clergyman of the Church to the.' Mountain, region of North Carolina, whera . have arrived. More emigrants have disembarked in of Englatid to fill back upon, and his library was de- enabling the director to publish.tiie maps of the domainSicily. already explored, and to prosecute the survey in the Alleghanies aw-urne their loftiest and most pic- ' *Sh'ould bo Pioppo, <-i ;ht xnile« from Palermo. .• j cidedly superior—io judge from the portions already Northern Norway. The maps will be executed upon turesque forms. Boughton goes off to Europe, and so—The New-York correspondent of Tlie Cleveland disposed'of—-to that of\bis brother editor, though both the largest scale, and in the highest style . of the does Buchanan Read, while Shattuck launches, nextplace between the re.Calatafini, a short distanpc from Palermo.who have been working industriously throughout tha Winter in their studious will soon;b« off on their, warm-on the wing. G-ifford, who was born in sight of tha on the 15th inst. * Aj fight had taken place at Lioppe,* mense • fcrtune scraped together by the sculptor completely surveyed. A further grant is expected 'Cattskfll, and who has done Mansfield Mountains,'—Prof. Adam Sedgwick, the veteran Geologist, returned from a reeidence of two years in the Island pf••ridiculousfrom its nonsense." -Hesaysulso: "Someof our own enthusiasm was silly enough, hut the Yan- lately gave an address. upon Mr. Darwin's Specula- Loo-Choo, has communicated to tho Academy of Sci-strongest possible condemnation of tha theory, as en- tirely without philosophical foundation upon facts, and. as subversive of. the idea of a great creative power. The two other speakers, Profs. Clarke and Henfrey, were equally decided in their verdict;- the latter. inter-posing, however, in defense of tho personal character and scientiGc aims of Mr.- Darwin as a gentleman en- titled in every way to respect, and w ho had no object in view but to elevate our ideas of the Creator and His works. - . • ' • ' . . " ' .*•:.'mountains, hills, and rolling land, cut- up by numerous valleys and ravines. The southern end tenninates in a low and tolerably extensive plateau, which seems to form the commencement of that chain of mountains, upon one 0/ which the capital, Schui, is built, and which stretches away to the .north, where two lofty peaks are visible. The soil is generally clayey, but the hills are often composed of ferruginous sand, con- taining very often quantities of fossilized wood..: In other places "the elevations are of a fossiliferous lime-of adventure.- in the Pacific, has sailed on another visit to the islands in that ocear.—Mrs. Dr. Lydia Sayer Haebrouck advertises asfollows in her last Sibyl \AVANTBD.—An intended brid«> who ia williiig to begin honse keeping in the same ntyl«; in which her parents hegin.Twenty fcfihioimMc yonnp; lniHex who dare to be seen wieldiug a dusting brnsh or danririg their! brothers' stockings, if a gcntle- rtan should happen to mbke anlpariy morning call.Ten independent young ladien of "gold families," who dare to wear their lujst Winter'sibonuetito church oil a fine Sunday.'Fonrteen young ladiesi "wno^ure anybody." who dure to Tie seen in the htreet wearing shoest with uolea thick enough to keep their feet wwrm. • |i§10 and costs in the Superior Court at Newburyport, the bronzo serpent on which was; placed the golden one typhoon, which occurred on May 18,1857. TheFifty young Indies of sufficient age " to go in company." who dare confess they have over made a loaf of bread or a pudding.—A very interesting antiquarian discovery has lately stone formation. A grotto, twenty miles north ofbeen made public. Gibbon had, long ago, in his great'—Peter Ripley, a Gloucester schoolmaster, was fined work, pointed out as "the most authentic of relics," stalactites. During his residence, Furet observed onlyand Henry Goddturd; esq., of Portland.—We have some additional information with regard [ . —The Century speaks of the author of Adam Bede Mass., the other day, for savagely beating one of his tripod, made by the Greeks from the spoils of Xerxes, monsoon reaches to Loo-Choo, but is far less regularanother fashionable campaign of twenty years."to the relations of the Hon. A. Schell and the Douglas I and theQilillon the Floss as " Mrs. Lewes (?)". We pupils witlrhis ruler and fisis. mid dedicated in the Temple of Apollo, at Delphi, as than on the mainland. EarthquakesIare frequent, andshoulder dislocated by falling from his barn, $100, and paid his doctor's bill*.—Little note of preparation is given by our leadingthe feeling is general that any large .undertakings had recent occupation of Cons antinople by the Allied suitable, then the Russian Government was'to select who married his Queen.any other port in the vicinity. Last Summer, Lieut.. —Pictures of- certain popular artists bring most pre- Maydell, in the screw steamer Djigit, was sent by the posterous prices.' jMeesrs. Goupil & Co. sold, thachoice of the beet English bc^ks (through the personalEsent when he addressed the Virginia delegation mid, and who lived about 3,600years before Christ. The popularity of Mr. Fields with foreign authors), have in lenic im-enption, recording the names of the Greek plorations. He found Niagata, which lies in lat. 37° showing how great its value was, tried.the experimentSeward, and we believe that he acted fairly and honora-^'bry throughout ti.e controversy. We happened to be posed to have been the constructor of the Great Pyra-belter be postponed tillSafterjtbe coming " campaign." Powers in the Crimean War, excavations were made, Messrs. Tieknpr & Col. who have of late had .the and the Serpent Pedestal laid bare to its base, where,•by application of chemical solvents, the original Hel-Russian Consul in Hakodadi to make the necessay ex- other day, a small painting by Plasson, and, by wayothfer than Seward. We never beard him say an nn-kir.d or a harsh word- of Mr. Seward, never a depreciat- phren have already been discovered on it, which leads ing*wordastohisabilityorworth,butheonlyinsisted tothebeliefthatfurtherinvestigationWillbringforth'. that the election of Mr. Seward could not be accom- still more curious and interesting remains.plished, and that, therefore, some other man should benominated. We feel itxipvllcd to s»*y this much in jus- —The English papers by the hist arrivals are filledtice to Mr. Greeley,' and our testixcony is cheerfully with descriptions of royal and noble toilets, so that it given without his knowledge, or that of any friend of is difficult to open a printed sh^et without being struck —The Atlanta (Ga.) Confederacy^ warmly condemns with the glitter of jewels or the luster of satin. Here. the return to Africa of the negroes lately taken from are a few rather neat things in the way of ornaments. At edavers and brought into the Southern ports. the drawing-room the Duchess ofNorthumberland worea tiara of diamonds of the most costly character, nearly—A Bell and Everett meetmij was held at New- three inches in depth; she also displayed a superb neck-HavenonWednesdayevening. About500persons laceofsinglestone;diamondsofgreatsize.Thewere present. A grandson of Patrick Henry made a Duchess of Pucclench had a complete suit of emeralds speech, concluding with the declaration that " John and diamonds; the largest emeralds were aboxt the• Bell^and Edward Everett will be next President and size of a half-crown piece, and were worn on the bustJing, well and deeply cut, and written HI the boustropher with only six feet of water. "The city is large, andFriends;andalsoannounceDr.Krant's"Missionary donmanner,inwhichthelinesarereadalternatelyfrom dividedintoseveralquartersbynavigablecanals,upon thoseofMeissonieriGerome,andothers. Thepic-Travels, Researches, and Labors, duriug Eighteen right to left. The reappearance of a record actually which a multitude of junks were floating, indicating a tures of English artists bring higher prices.even than seen and copied by the Father of History, and many prosperous trade. Another harbor in the Bay of. thoee of the French school. At an auction sale of pic-Years' Residence in Lasteijn Africa;". Sir Arthur cen turics later by Pausauias, which has been lost to Tojama, to the north-west of Niagata, was found to be tures in London, a few weeks since, four small draw-Correspondence with .Washington Irving and otherson's pictures do not bring nearly so large prices aalHallaih * Elton's novel, "Herbert Chauncy," a Man the world ever since, is a remarkable link in the chain equally/, impracticable. Lieut.. Maydell then sailedings by David Roberts brought $9G0; a small water- color landscape by the same artist sold for $1,365; Frith's "Vicar of Wakefield" sold for $4,825; and! three small landscapes by Staniield brought $8,000. Afj the same sale, a small picture by Edouard Frere, of n boy shelling peas—aj copy- of which has been exhib- itedinNew-York—brought$600.Theselargeprices, however, aie but the high prizes in the lottery of art. Multitudes of other artists toil incessantly, aud are scarcely able to keep the wolf from the door.—A most disreputable and injurious practic is com- mon among our auctioneers, who make a business of selling pictures, of making very, gross mispresentatioiii* about.the works they sell. At the sale of the pictures. belonging to Mr. Penniman, in Union Square, a few weeks since, they were advertised as-"paintings by Raphael, Guido and Shegogue," but the pictures were* nothing more than very inferior copies by tho latteir ' "master." At the sale of Mr. Burton's pictureslast week, Count D'Orpay's equestrian portrait of Queen Victoria, was described in. the catalogue as a portrait of Queen Victoria by Count D'Orsay, the horse by Landseer !more Sinned agninet than Sinning;" Capt. Shakes-peare's '•• Wild Sports of jlndia;" and several works of rehabilitate the credit of Herodotus as oilr main reli- to the north-east, in hit, 39° 2'N., Ion. 139° 40'E.,• of discoveries-which have of late gone so strongly to around the northern side of the island, and discoveredfiction, by minor authors of the day. Messrs. Gould ance in the history of tho ancient world.&. Lincoln will bring ouIt Dr;. Tnllock's new book on••English Puritanism an i its Leaders," uniform with —A course of lectures will he delivered during thehis successful book on Tl:e Reformation; and they also Fall season before the Lowell Institute by the Hon. which upon the English charts, and those of Krusen-announce"Geographical•Stvjdies,"byProf.CarlRit- G.P.Marshon"TheGrammaticalHistoryofEn- sternislaiddowniniat.39°24'N.andlon.l38°53'E.terof Beilin, translated frornj.the German by the Rov.- glish Literature." They will form the complement If the Russian measurements are correct, the island in j W. L. Gage, with a sketch of the' author's life, and and companion of the course delivered at Columbia future maps must be removed considerably further toportrait. This will meei, with attention, as the first College, which has met with such great, success in its the south and east. Tne Djigit then returned to Hako-of materials that will throw.more light than is now—A letter from Zanzibar, dated November 21, 1859, says of the young and zealous African traveler,: Ros- edition pf his "Songs of Innocence" was privately cher, who left the eastern-coast of Africa last Fall formans are, in ma 111; a :sihle and almost unknown to the masses. A smallSurrounding it.. '.—-Mirelet's work on that portion of Guatemala, lyinghetweenBritish Honduras and the Mexican Provinces of'Chiapas and;Yucatan, is soon to be published in the original French, and in an English translation by E. J. Sqnier. This partof Guatemala has been visited by notraveler since the days of Cor^ez,. and is utterly un-^ known. In an archeological and ethnological point of view, M.MIrelet's exploration^ are said to he of the: highest interest!. The book is entitled, '" Itza, orThe natives stated that they":? never had more than one or two days' of rain during^-TAJI easeldom vacates its atelier on tho incoming of.' Summer, and seeks for recreation and "studies" in tho -r-Tbe Geological Survey of j^orway, for the com- presence of dear old mother Nature, who, by the way,!Travels in tiie Unexplored Regions of Centralchartcgraphic art.of the first edition, for £6 15s.; "Shakespeare's the officers, Mr. Darjitarow, by a laborious march Guerriere by the Constitution, the Attack on the Pri- Poems," bearing date 1G40, with a brilliant impression through dense,, primeval forests,- and across a barren vateer Gen. Armstrong by the boats of a British: of the portrait by Marshall, £14 14s.; and of more range of mountains, lias been enabled to measure many Squadron in thejHarbor"5of Fayal, and the Capture of" modem articles, Beckford's "Epitaphs," privately important bights, and to trace out the sources of sev- the President frigate—are nearly completed.£15 15s.—After a long silence, Han's Christian Andersen re-—A scientific! expedition, fitted out by the Russian Government, has been for many months engaged incopy of "Thomson's Seasons," with corrections andalterations of tho text throughout, in the autograph ofAlexander- Pope, sold for £46; the first edition Of a thorough exploration of the basin of the Amoor. The at his, studio in Broadway, with the Spirit of a sea "Milton's Minor Poems," for £ 5 10s.; and bis expedition has been divided into four sections, all of viking working upo^ his great naval battles of thaappears in the litt of authors. A new work by him, or Hinka, has also, completed its work, and astronom- graphed arid published by Mr. G. W . Nichols, in mid-relating to his native country, " The Sand-Hills of Jut- ically determined the situation of seven points. Maj.Willis's'Rooms to hear an oration on Lord Macaulay. China, but by another route, has prepared an accountAs might he guessed, a priori; Mr. Jones is a young Irishman of remarkable fluency, who is Baid to add theof his journey from Kiacbta to Pekin, and of his so-journ of nine months in the latter city, during whichretults of reading and reflection to the chann of a clear, time he collected a mass of novel information concern-, —Messi-s. Goupil & Co.', have recently received 1rorastrong, and melodious voice, and evident sincerity anding the Buddhist doctrines and ceremonies. TheseParis, some late wOrks by Edouard Rrere, Plasson, and Gerome, which arejamong the best specimens of thoso artists, we have seen here. The. Frere is peculiarly interesting, as showing that this admirable artist is not: deficient, as s6me of his critics have supposed him to be, of the talent for color. . Most of his subjects hava been of a character in which a low tone and sombre- tints w<ere essential'to the sentiment, but, in this littlo ' pamting, he represents a'peasant boy after a day's gleaning in the^ fields, going home in the golden twilight, hearing his hard-earned sheaves; the atmos- phere is full of thd glowiug warmth of an arctic rural evening. It is a proper pendant to another picture of his, in which a. boy is dragging home at tbaclwe of a Wintry day, a bundle of faggots, which be has picked up in the forest. Every one must feel the exquisite truthfulness and! tender sentiment of these little glimpses of personal lifain. France. Ourj young countryman Thorn, who ia Frere's only pupil,! says in a letter that all his pictures are painted directly from nature; that he spends nearly all his time in the little village of Ecouen, where he i/j constantly surrounded by groups of peasant children, with whose innocent and serious faces his pictures hava made us sofamiliar. Gerome's picture is a small study for a large canvas. The subject is the old story of King; Candaules, taken from Herodotu*, who, to convinco one of his generals of the beauty of his Queen, atlowedl him to be secreted where he could see her when sha dierobed at night.'- But, in Ipite of the riiasterly man- ner in which it has been treated, it is hardly a fitting; subject for public exhibition. King Candaules, it willbe remembered, was severely punished for hia treach-Schui, is remarkable for its beautiful and numerous—By the treaty between Russia and Japan, thewliat he supposed to be an undiscovered island. Upon landing it was ascertained to be the Island of Tobi-Sima,printed by Mr. PhJkering for J. Garth Wilkinson (the Lake Nyassa: " The news that Dr. Roscher had beenbiographer of Swedenborg), but this is now.alinost as compelled to return is, thank God, not confirmed. I. This was either greee ignorance, or very gross fraud*\v hile all of them 'hi implements, anjd «»: I :< The Irish are fouiua selves only where^ <;|.uscarce as the Original.conversed a few days since with an Arab who metRoscher half way between the coast and Nyassa. HeBut -to show how ineffectual such attempts at imposi-'.' tion are, the picture brought but $500. There was a very inferior copy of Wilkie's Village Festival, which had tie appearance of having been made from an en- graving, at the same sale, which was gravely described in tiie catalogue as an original-r-the original, as every- body knows, being m the National Gallery in London. This want t»f.honwsty at picture sales has a very in- jurious effect when any r*;lly meritorious works aro ollered, as the public are naturally slow tobelieva whatis said about th.em,—The Bostonians can boa*t of a greater number of lady artists than Avecan in New-York. At their last "Artists'Reception," there, were pictures exhibited by Mrs. Sarah Clark, Mrs. Dauah, Miss HarrietCheney, and Miss Ellen Robbins, which were ytrf highly praised by the connoisseurs of the New-EnglandI As Ave axe gettfiiL toWsmeu; Lippiii'-o't reprint of a Japanest perfect fac-simile «>!'i •por. priiitingj andj-u tiie oridual. Altoge/' • - Copies have been sea v. elftwutotheKmb;iss amused aadgratit»iv.l American artists ofj—The Stockholm Wdktaren reviews at great length tells me that Roscher at the time he saw him was borne Mr. Carey's "Letters to the President," a Swedishtranslation of which has just now appeared. A Rus- upon a litter and looked very much worn out by sick-scribed at once. Dr. Hayes's chief officer will bo etantin'oplo.. Baron Krafit, under the Arabic name oftho Seine, aud exposed in the Morgue at Paris. It had- not been inlhcwaier more than two or three days, and ,the deceased appeared tc have fallen in by accident. The body was wonderful for its leanness, being noth- ing but skin and bone. It was well dressed, evon hav* ing gold buttons on its waistcoat, and tho apparent ago was about seventy years. It was supposed to be tha body of the famous "living skeleton" exhibited yeart ago in the Champs Elysdos.Captain M'Cotmick, who has parsed eighteen years atsea, and who, in addition to a thorough knowledge ofHadjSkander, set out from Tripoli in October, 1858, for Timbuctoo by way of Turret,.and it is to bo hoped thatpractical navigation, ia familiar with the scientific de- tho news of his return will not ho confirmed.Untitled Documentnwww.fultonhistory.comery, for he was "afterward murdered by his general,metropolis". '•;. —Gut;iguani Mjvtbiittho• 'body, or, more properly,]looked up-for exftiaiaotioo.'-•• >••^viS&tffiX*^•?l"i(  