 •*•*flEW YORK HERALD.ojfcfromi-hollngorbefog buttonholed,now 2^^^«*ertoonlyW,485,«l3 92 QfW * A A W M ' » M I M A M****!,££?£Wegive a rail raortofthe proceedings A resohstumAnother very important matter which needed the attention of the Legislature last session was t h e Qnarantine question. Nothing law been done with i t A bill was introducedat gesticulating iluJanHj, in a corner, n o w doingholder* in ^Metropolitan * $1,143,005 32, or nearly all tins wehavetoatand ridiculous enactments aW *^^*"* aww-saaeiemtSAUK)",ejc.aide,perpound,accordingtoquality.Milchgreatcities, the foreigntouristcurioustowit- ness the seal representatives of the masses in grand conclave—representatives o f all these classes are hurrying forward by steamboat or rail, or stage-coach (they have not quite given out yet)towardsthe capital of South Carolina, where on next Monday theunterrifleddemo- cracy come together to arrange the prelimi- naries of the most exciting political canvass in which the nation has been engaged since the memorable campaign of 1832, whenthehero of the Hermitage m et and conquered the Bank Philistines and the nullifiera with t h e. BUILniJIOS— Buawoara'i Knrstaau HI Basest, Ac -Parsa Ptraa rnrrs* Po«i.0 0 0 * 9 PtlfflTTnTt.-^l»MiHW| g> tW af!, riami( or i u Uccst or X»«ai-Aft—on —A »TRIPLE5,104 sheep and lambs, and 2,815 swine.The sales of cotton yesterday embraced about 1,200 bales, closing steady, on the basis of 11;, for middlingNext year Richmond county should be morethat blows nobody good.INCREASEorranCrrrDEBT-GROWTHOVTHE ofNewYorkwiltbecompelledinself-defencesuns* •sswsssw'w^^^^^^ ^Another measure, with a large spoil in pro- rolled into one man. ation of a city debt to be issued as stock, to spective, was Senator Prosser's long lockspetitionsfromMassachusetts were presented, andThe Sew-mentA resolution thattheHouse. —Day andOrntn- UnarnHan, « n Proad-OS*.CHSTSTV'S MW-last week's prices were barely sustained. Sheep snd lambs were steady at unchanged rates, Swine were in moderate supply and higher; sales were atanswer very welt The State will lose another year's interest on $300,000 worth of property at the old Quarantine; but, on the other hand,may be speedily arrived at, let us all earnestly pray. Meanwhile, between the fight and the conventions, quiet people in the metropolis enjoytemporaryimmunityfromcertainchronic sores andterriblenuisances. It is an ill windestate operations, aad works harm in a thou sand ways which may not be apparent at once, but wBi be severely felt in time. The Bucca neersdonotcareforthis. TheyareCossacks, who plunder right aad left and make off with their booty. Thetimewill come, and we be- lieve it is not very far off. when the tax-payersJBsfltloavread,andwaaobjectedtobytherepublicans.The session of the Presbytery of Hew York, (Old bills which have become law.School)whichwassittingattheBev.Dr.Potto' Ofthe^>illsnotpassedwehatefirsttheonescribes, on a certiGcate o f that difference, t o ranged long before in select conclaves a t A l - such overtrading and extravagant expansion the men who shall represent the republicans of this StatetheSupremeCourtoftheL'nitedStates,andbe bany,NewYorkandWa&hington. Thisparty wouldnotbeofincalculabledamageinasea- v.ill mor> conluce to thesuccess or ourlabor*church l a University place, was continued yester- day BaernJag~-Bev. Dr. Davidson in the. chair- The day was chiefly taken up by the discussion of the missionary appointments, which ace under thecent ferry hill, to defeat which $8,000 was spent, and it would have cost a good deal more only for the mismanagement of an agent on the other side, who, although he went to Alba-there determined. drill was particularly noticeable a t Philadel- As we have said. there is a very general impres- phia in 1856, and has doubtless been much im-sion amongst lawyers that unless some newfacts proved since that time. The slate is probablyin the very best order.son of panic like 1857.onmthan t h e fact that tine republican party *njsed of the most homogeneous materials, aad contains within itself no element which can *i«erfere u» disturb tbe harmony of our deitberatiacs. 1 know that fof toe Presbytery.Yorkia St Peals* church, adjournedreeling. I cannot doubt that it is tbe evident and aaaaiNEW YORK HERALD, THURSDAY,'t v W W * v « MswAvnesre^^w ^BM. ^a^a^^a^Bsjp|B^BJpw wnitewaahmg dirt cheap; but the bill has not CobTeotiM.Mtat Syracuse yea- > l boom signed by ike Gorertor.APRIL1 9 ,1860~TBlJ?LB SHEET.••• ••''•••••••••—-....prepare for a special police .the maintenance of Dr. Jerome's divine right hope deferred, the country editor, who has then everybody throws up h is hat, shouting honest, do agalnstav^tralanianddisciplined tonsalaryof$6,000ayear.ThisbillwasmadeadesperatechargeuponhisAdvertisershosanna;thenthedisappointedonessmilehost?Whenthemanager,whetheritbeWeedorsupportedbytheGeorgeLawinterest,thereandsecuredasmallamountofreadyoathforsweetlywithoutbutswearwickedlywithin;DeanRichmond,oranyoneelse,liltshis*uns, beingacontractforbuildinganIslandaspree,theintriguantewhohassunksoloiranthenloserspaywithagraceandwinnerstaketbeLegislaturevotes;rightorwrong,thethine* concealed in,one of the sections, and to exploit her battered charmsfor the witha chuckle; then the hotel keepers rub iscarriedthrough.Wedon'tknowthatthepropertyholdersof NewYorkwould< to payingtwiceasmuch direct f would let os atone, Butno,the itbetakencareof.vious to their ittjuaimnt from office. The com- mittee were nstracted to prepare a report of the expenditares of the department sincethe 1stof January mat, and to transfer all the books andpaperstothenewcommiasion.The market for beef cattle waa without materialterestsbeforeGovernorMorgan"hadanoppor-reallyofsomeconsequence,theshrewd, financialcrisis,outofwhichthestrikersforfavoriteBuccaneeringdodgenow-a-days.aad tunity to veto i t Another bill was introduced subtle, wily and oily wire-pullers from the successful candidate are expected to help it is good-everjthing most he done by a by Mr. Conkling. appropriating $100,00\> for New York, th e honest miners from Cali- them, otherwise he will be accused o f parri- Board, and menfromChautauqua or Wyoming thesupportofhospitalsthissummer,directing fornia,andthehardypioneersfromwhererolls cideinthenextnumberoftheonlyfreeand ornerkimer,withthehayseedfreshiatheir the sale of the Quarantine property, and con- the Oregon and now hears various sounds such J independent press In this country, &c, Ac. hair, are sent down the river to regulate oarwere quite active, and sales freely made, both for ro- year, a scheme which would be worth about and to prove that they are so consideredsand ; Croton water, works extension, one mil- lion ; new City Hall, one million; West Wash- ingtonMarketclaim,sixhundredthousandwe may be said to have taken the first step towards the establishment of a general penny postdeliverywhichworkssoadmirablyia Great Britain As toon as the system is fullyajBEBJp J s ^ s s w w^sWi i*mm|msBBj w swan-j, • * • BSW^S^BPS)I U — » * M flEfJilli end other par* of the PictSo Oniag and speculation. The transactions fx*ed up about by the public, there is almost-as much interest1atnaffputteao'clocktomorrowmoraiag. S.CtOhhda.CabasandSCOdo.melado,andA3boxesat threemillionsofdollarstothe projectors.inthequestionofwhoisthemanforCharles- YOKE Wsaaxr HSBAIB Ckdtrbrata eiaton— rates given in another column. Coffee was firm, with This bill, however, though it was run through ton as that other and most vital interrogatory,theMatt"lattltlgainfewaiipartsofthesalesof1,400bagsLaguayracaprivateterms,andfOOtheSenate,withoutopposition,didnotreachdollars.Addingtothistheamountofassess- willtheBeniciaBoywhipTomSayers?mentsforstreetimprovementswhichwill developed,itwillbepossibleforpeoplewKhatargeifalWj"oflocaltadmlwoUaaeota do.St.DomingoaadASdo.Caps,atpricesgivenelse-theHouse.Theseformthe leading features in the action, W^Att TM A^TM arAMne*WAA AAA IAAAAA" Jj*smp» AAAAAW W ve*A#ssV J * ielBv,readytormalting,sixcents, their orders as early u pos-Tfce New*.The steamship Arago, which arrired here lastwhere, freights were steady, with moderate engage-It is to be regretted that we have been obliged to omit from our catalogue of the visiters a tprobablybeassessed,forstreetpaving,openingtransactingbusinessatfoeextremeendsofthe city to communicate with each other throughSome new appointhensdjournedtothe syfurnishedwith$15,000tocarryitthrough,The Charleston Convention vriil be the most to plunder the metropolis, was the increase o f assembled before me, that h e who has been « r r champion in so many hard fought "»•«««••attemptedtodrivesohardabargain,thatheall unabletoproceed lowedtheenemiesofthebilltodefeatitforthe~« who has so ..-e. —- —.ha r rwithflatpresent.year,so far,to of the Lea^latnjeandtheii tbeseverr democrats, who sow exhibit such night the public rooms of the hotels are 11.140. mlaneeof* forthetriflingsuaof$1,000,sub-holyhorrorfortheirrepublicancompeers,allcrowdedwitheager,anxious,earnestlookinglast evening, insmaller sum of $8,000. On the Albany aad Susquehanna Railroad bill, which foiled to pass intheAssemblyovertheveto,nomoneywasof the Methodistsession for the spent It was passed in the Senate on the log-rbe Amended Charter, which thealder-ters of the State Legislature, as is usual at the dress to -their constituents, in which, amongitdeprivedthemofthekpatronage,waakept backtothetuneof$25,000. TheInsolvent Debtors bfll, which, it is said, waa concoctedtrict,andthecityproperespecially,hastobear t^IareaolredthaithedelegatesfromaaOConj frightful— Amounting In some cases to eight detacMseand tfcamrttljei11 scribedforthepurposebyBuffalo,Rochester votedforthecityr$:'roadbills,andfastened State Con TentK*1 aad Oswego, This was what mjgtt bo called » « • & upon u^inspiteof tUeGo.eriiW-s veto.-»-;-008,7 42.men, now rending their correspondence, new $9,8$3,W2 244. , o f which stuumn $932^,581 008 |been a question amongst lawyers whether th epoint of jurisdiction conld be settled s o a s t o and weak-backed o r disappointed democrats bring the prisoner within the cognizance of of the Forney school, who always want someour local courts. The decision of Judge Hall place for which they are entirely unqualifiedCentral Park they have given similar authorityJoseph S. Dixon; Seventh, John Adaaas, N. J. MilMkea, TR. Strong; Eighth, Joseph H. Darling, L. D Cobtt, Jacobexcitement had been caused by an article which appeased lately in the columns of Tan HEBALD inIslands. The intelligence IBahamasistotoeISthinst,of interest An abandoned Is reported to have been found in the vicin- ity of Andres Island. She was to be taken tola Congress yesterday, the Senate adopted a out Fromfifteento twenty thousand dollarsneasattontoadjourneverythreedaysfromSatur- was spent, it is asserted, to pass the Westday next till the 1st of May. A batch o f abolition Washington Market bill, which received was that having been first arrested in Provi- nents, many of whom are impecunious country fhe debt of the city will be materially increased, dulgent 8uiM>ort. We are convened here tress the vari-ous counties and district* of this great State, to take theinwhich rural legislators were interested were passed, on condition that they would support the iniquitous schemes of the republicans; aad where this mode of exchangefoiled,moneywas liberallyusedtobuyupvotes.Seventh, K. T. Stevens; Eigntb. Juo. T. Smith. ineveryway. The lobby,therefore,willbe havealsoorderedthesaleofWestWashington Mr.I-KAVKSWORTH.ontakingth*chair,said.—yesterday would seem to increase this uncer-tainty, audit is probable, from the view he hastakenofthecase,thattheprisonerwilladd TheexpenseoflivingatCharlestonwill another to the numerous instances o f escapemarket, which will involve six hundred thou- GZMUVMism THKCo.NVwmoa—You will ptoare to ac- cept my pioiound acknowledg swats for the honor ob casand,dollars,and.byincreasingtheexpensesofyouhavedonemeineatinguponmetopreen• over t h e deliberations o f thto numerous and mostthe State, have added to thetaxationof toeretpectabie Convention. I cannot but fee! deeplycity for State purposes about a quarter of a this renewed macifesUtion of the kindness and conAdeBcc o r t h e republicans o f ifaeNow let us see how this plan operated, andhow freely money was lavished in carrying it which occur through the absurd technicalities at Chicago, and the controlling spiritsby which our criminal laws are surrounded. The point raised by the prisoner'scounselamong the democracy are not approached with the same facility as the leaders of their oppo-million more. These are the bulk of the big jobs perpetrated by the Legislature, by whichState of Kew York; but, unfamiliar as Iam with the dm charge Of th? dtttfeaof a presiding oflioer of deliberatire bodies, permit me in advance to b«apasA" your most in -the veto o f the Governor, b u t which was dence. Rhode Island, he is not within the juris-MinistertoChina,wasadopted.TheHomestead takentopoliticsastheeasiesttradegoing,re-followingbrieftablewill,ataglance,showlie.Weshouldnotforonemomentforpetlaid on the table by a strict party vote. A resolutioneditors, briefless lawyers, doctors without pa-as these new appropriations must be added toBrat ttep in opening the campaign of 1880—a campa^aThe comfortable and weU of the public crib, the philoso- savanswhopreachthedemocraticpher i n a white cravat, now drinking a t the barwithaborderruffian—allredshirtandre- parcelofvflUg,poMcUos,fo|fcehands,of volver—or chatting familiarly with a pugilist, ordoctrine, andfindtheir acceemt In it, the strikersunder the patronage of the late Health Officer who do i e loud tailing, and heavy whiskey doing the agreeable to a crinoline politician, and a T v ^ s ^ A ^ W * * " * • * • * *•t^we novo topay anonv » pom» of hat, for the removal of Quarantine, but In reality fo r drinking, the camp followers who dance attend- so it goes oaday after day, all hurry, bustle and swindltogua. TnegaafoopolksmsfotoAlwae-and the Speaker of the House, apparently for' a estgeaat aadfiveprivates, be the re-establishment of the hospitals onStaten ance on the strikers, the seedy hanger-on who excitement outside, all quiet wire pulling with- only twenty-tiro member, o f both hense., id,sadthattheyforthwith Island,forthepaymentof$20,000damageshatclungtotheskirtsofallpartiesalwaysin,untiltheschemesoftheleadershavereach-againstonehundreda$Wthirtyeightfromthe forburntptHboxestoDr.Thomson,andforsufferingtheheartsicknessthatcomesfrom edthepointoffruition;thenthechildisborn; country Whatcanahandfulofmen,eve.ifairing the services o f pairams* far mora Asm twentj-fourhoarswflibeobligedtopayforthemwaswarmlyadvocatedbytheex-mem-wheedlingsofvillagepoliticians,thegamblertheirhandsasthemoneyfortheiruncon-attherateof$380perday. ber and wry foebly IT at allop- atcards,acdthegamblerwithvotes,thesolid scionablylongbillsrollsin;thenthegamblers The Board o f Ten Governors held a meeting posed b y t h e present member from Rich- Southern planter, the keen, restless Western and other social evils rejoice over their i l l -yesterday,madsperaintodaapecialcommitteeto mondcounty. Itnarrowlyescapedbecoming speculator, the sedateoldfogiesfromNew gottengains;then thecountryeditorsand settleupthenndstiahedbasinessoftheBoardpre-alaw,batwasdefeatedbyaconflictofin- England,asimportantasiftheywere •mallpoliticianssuddenlyfindthemselvesina Theremustbemore"Boards'—thatisthechange yesterday. The supply was large, and tinuing the present Commissioners in office. as saw mills and steamboats make besides Its Tla>n, in foot, the comedy is played' out,, the municipal affairs. The increased taxation saleswereeffectedatpricesrangingfrom6toThis"billwasdefeatedinthelasthoursoftheowndashings,theidlersandloungersoftheactorswashthepaintfromtheirfaces,theser-whichcomesuponthecountyonaccountofsession. SOmatters remain instatuquo. The cows were plenty and dull and unchanged. Veals sick will probably be kept, as they were last were in enormous supply And moderate request year, in a floating hospital, which is found tovantsputoutthe last candle,the quadrennial these"Boards,"whichareascostlyasfoeyarecarnival is over and the serious work of the •absurd, checks the prosperity o f th e d r y , campaign begins. That this consummation frightens people who think of going into real64c a Gfc. for corn fed. Thetotalreceipts theschemesof the lobbyhave beendefeated, were—3,5,55 beef catte, 161 cows, 1,218 veals, and the prospect of yellow fever diminished.careful in selecting a representative to protect uplands, t h e floormarket waa leas buoyant and aiUve her interests at Albany. Had it not been forTnr osmmrm grades of State and Western, while Indian* aid extra brands ware dimly held and won to good de- mand. Southern flour waa qu'te arm and la good re- quest,wfthfreesalestotsetrade,includingsome lots Cat export to tropical ports. Good qualities of wheatwerefirm and in good milling dessand, white sates werelair at prices given in another column. Corn waa in good scheme fo r substituting sliding instead o f The gathering together o f s o unique the amount o f eight millions one hundredGovernor Morgan and Mr. Coukling, Staten Island would have fared badly this winter.to adopt some very stringent measures to pro tect themselves against the rapacity of the Buccaneers of both parties at Albany.THE NEW PKNXV PO??T DrT.m"RY —To-daystrengthofSamsonandthedexterityofDavidpassedbytheLegislaturewillcallforthecre-request,withfairsalesatfullprces-Southernwatte swingingdoorstothecanallocks.ThisbillabodyasthisDemocraticConvention,thotisanddollars.This'stockwillbeforwillcommencethedeliveryofdroporcity*asdimlybefatand80e.refusedforitinstore.Itwas askedfor$C0O,000andtenperceiitinterest andthemusteringoftheoppositionat arrearsofoldaccounts,chieflyunderthelatelettersbycarrierswithinthePostOfficelim-wantedfor export Fork waa firmer and more active, Chicago—to say nothing of the, concern ComptrollerFlagg,tobeissuedasthe"Floating its. The innovation is made in accordancewithsalesofnewmesaat$1768J4a$1781V;thinmess payableuntilthelockswerecompleted,and at Baltimore—are among themostcu- withthelawras&edonthe.4inst:andastheat SIT 26; clear u $15 60 a $10 75, new prime at $14 37', the right to toll the long boat* passing through Fund Debt Stock," three millions; Central Park•NorthStar,Cat* at$144*X,andolddo.at$1275a81287>;.Sugarsfortenyears,attherateofabout$200,000ariousandinterestingeventsoftheday;improvement,twevmillionsfivehundredthou-chargeistobeonlyonecentoneachletter,and other charges, the entire outlay contem- Oolwgs*tttoeLateLefrlslatnre—AnVm-canshadeverythingtheirownway,forbothCharlestontheprofessedshoulderhitter.Thisplatedthisyearwouldprobablyreachfromthepostiathecenrseofthreeorfourhours.of the late Legislature, in, which the republi-paralleleii Career o f Corrupt ton. branches were republican to the backbone; valuable member of the governing classes has twenty to twenty-three millions of dollars to The advantages of this in a great commercialThe annals of politics or the history of legis- and what a shameful record they present t o been called away to represent his country nearbe levied upon the real estate of the city. A scommunitylikeourswillbe atonoeappreci-lationpresentnoparalleltotheshamelessand theworld! Ifthisparty,intheveryinfancyof totheCourtof SaintJames,butclosertothat aportionof thisissuspendedinstock,itspay- ated. Itwill contribute to render btubessunblushing corruption of the republican Legis- its power, displays such an aptitude for corrup- of Saint Giles. His absence will be especially ment will not become due for some years. It is transsctions, in which time is of conseanence.nightatnineo'clock,bringsthreedayslaterin-laturewhichhasjustcloseditsexistenceattionandfraud,whatmaynotbeexpectedfromdistressingtoourSouthernbrethren,who,alsotobe-consideredthatundertheimprovedmoreeasyofaccomplishmentanditwillother-telligencefromEurope. Albany.Fromthefirstdayofthesessionto althoughtheyprofessedtolookuponthefightermanagementofthecityproperty,thesourcesofwiseaddgreatlytotheconvenienceandcom- The acquisitions of Sardinia in Central Italy hare it when it reaches maturity ? If the bad be soby England. l a the protest of the last hour o f its career, i t s course was pestilent, what will not the blossom be, should with scorn and contempt, still love.hia with a wlatterischargedwiththemarkedbyanundisguisedrapacityforspoil,Itnotbeblastedbythebreathofpublicindig-deepandabidingaffection.Hefindshissoliddegreewhichwillpromptlymeet,andevenof solemn treaties, to which she was sparty,andtherightootAustriarepeatedlygua- suchasnolegislativebodyintheworldever Wepublishtodayanaddressfromthedem- latelycommencedtoembraceGreeleyandfra-ranteed. In regard to the Swish question, Austria had the hardihood to display. ocratic minority of both houses, in'which they ternize with Seward. I t i s good to know that coming report of the Comptroller will exhibit MeatlBig of tl»* B o w Y o r k R a p a b l i c a i declaresherleatrtaststo jointheother Great Thereweretwoprominent systems ofcor- proclaimtheirutterinabilitytohave resisted hewillbebackquiteintimeforChioago. anenhancementofthecityrevenues,fromrents, Stmte Cowrentlom. Powersforthefulfilmentofthelegitimatewishesruptioninauguratedforthecontrolandgov-thetideofcorruptionandinfamyoftherepub- Withtheexceptionwehavenotedandoneleasesaadothersources,greatlyinadvanceofAFPOIKTUXNTOFDELEGATESTOTHECHICAGOcow-revenue have materially increased, and that in a and an open disregard of decency and justice, nation ? rewards, however, chiefly at the North, and has forestall, the liabilities of the city for the im-fort of metropolitan life.of bwitwrlaad. M. Kara, Swiss EtaToy at Paris, hadaddressedanotherprotesttotheFrenchMinisterernmentoftheLegislature.Thefirstwaslicanmajority,andvindicatingthemselveslor Foreign Aflairs. actually brought into play before the election, from the odium which attaches to the Legisla- concerned will resemble each other veryprovements n o w contemplated. The forth-any previous returns. The valuation of pro- perty for the past two years has been enhanced some twenty millions' annually. The returnsVENTIOH—MW. H . SEWARD NOMINATED JOB THE FKKSIDBKCY.STBACCSS, April 18,1860 The Republican Slate Cosventwn met at Csrtatfciaa Hall at eleven o clock, this morniug. TAe atUndaaca was. Chambers were opened on the 2d by die Clinton League, a body of canal for- ture. They contrast the opinion of Gov. Sew- atTurin.WegivetheKing'sspeechinfull.warders,tosecuretheelectionofthosepartiesard,inhismessageof1838,whenbeassumedother, the conventions s o fa r as materiel i s much. In the Democratic Convention, therewill b e found a strong representation o f from water rents, pier leases, &c, exhibit aFrench troops had entered Nice. It is only who would pledge themselves to support office after years of democratic rule—describing the great landed proprietors in the South, proportionate growth. S o that bad a s th e aans of the State.aaidtheywarecoldlyreceded. thecanalinterestsregardlessofallothers. thegrandandprosperouscondition of uo men whohave a good.deal at stake managementofourlegislatorsmaybeatboth .UnasKKLLY,ofNewYork,calledtfaeOonvsastaatoItwasaaaonneedinParisonthe3dinstthataThiswasdonebyaddressinginterrogatoriestoStateinthemostglowingterms-withthecoin intherepublic,aadwhofeelthat*theendsoftheriver,theyhaveasyetmadenoorder,andonhfemotion,UMBOB.RichardHurlburtofCariistrwvohxttonhadbrokenoutinSpain. candidatesInallthedistrictsthroughouttitsionofGov.Morgan,inhismessagein1StiO,crashingofourpoliticaledificeIsinevitableseriousbreachtotheamplewealthorcreditOneida,wasmadetemporaryCbatrmaa,sadLodesBirds•aether warrant had bees Jessed in Hertford- State, as to whether they,would sustain th e eye, of Kttga, Daniel E Gavit of Kew York, Thomaa c . shire far the arrest of Severs and Heenan. after a brief term o f republican sway, repre- unless some effective conservative safeguard is of our city. But the questions come Op: How Piatt, of Tioga, Hiram W. Haskell, of Genesee, Secretaries.views of the League, and whenever the answers senting the great State o f New York over- adopted to shore it up. These persons are theThe Chinese expedition had sailed. » were u nsatiafac tory, money was poured into the whelmed with debt, on the ver^e of bankrupt true gentlemen o f the land; they are affable,long can we stand the constantly increasing Mr. HvaiEcn, m taking the Chair, returned hfc tbaaka load ? when will the last straw be placed on o the Convention. His allusions to William H . Seward the camel's back? The metropolis, thus far, and John C Fremont were enthusiastically receivedIt is said that in Hapten the propaganda in iavor districts to defeat them. The second part of though grave; graceful though dignified; cour-ofannexationtoSardiniaisbecomingmoredar- cy,andinadegradedandpitifulattitude.In ThelistofdelegateswascaBed.ing. the corrupting machinery was set to work the the action of the late republican Legislature, we teous though sometimes a little reserved; they has been a perfect placer to the grasping lobby On motion, the Chair appointed the following a Com- The steamship Ariel, from Aspinwall, with dates moment the Legislature assembled, and that have stronger evidence than was ever produced neither seek nor decline office, and they would of the City Hall. Now the corrupt lobby of mittee on Permanent Organization —tothe9thinst,andthesteamshipsKarnakandwasasystemoflog-rollinginitiatedbythere-before,ofthedispositionandcapacityofthatnotstooptothetricksofsomeNorthernpoliti-Albanyhaveputintheirhugepaw FirtLViurict-JuneaKelly,GeorgeOodyke.gmmd Quaker City,fromHavana, arrived here yesterday. publican leaders, whereby their favorite mea- cians If they could have what Satan promised Dittrivt—Charles Jones, Alfred Foot 7**4 Duma—The Quaker City mads the trip from Havana in sures could be carried through;foremostamong plored by Gov. Morgan, and to sink this State. our Saviour. These are th e men who areFINANCIAL RESCXTS TO THE CTTT OF ALBANY Hitchcock, W. A Dart, tifik BixtriU—John P Wooew, SanfordCoo. SixthDUIritt—LocumRobioacn.JamesW.LEGISLATION.—OurgridironSolonsoftheState Glover. SeventhIHnrid—ChristopherMorgan.MB capital have, in their late extraordinary ses- Lawrence. Eighth DittncU-.K G. Conger, A G Price.The Convention took a recess till 2 i'. ifsion, contrived to saddle the city of New York On reassembling, Mr. MOBGAX. from the Comnittoe oa with a heavy increase of debt. In the fulness Permanent Organization reported the folio wing officer! —PietideiU—Hon. Euas W. Leavenworth, of Onondaga.of their liberality they have passed bills in the Vice Prexi4t*&%—First district. George Opdyke. EigarLegislature authorizing the Croton Aqueduct Ketcham. Henry Smith; Second, E T. Sherrard. Peter Townceod. Lucius C. Andrew*; Third. William Beatonfourdays,andbringsdatestothe11thinclusive- whichweretheschemesofplunderdirectedandthewholecountry,iftheyhadthepower, habituallyvillifiedbysuchfellowsasLovejoy.TheHavanaaswsisunimportant TheAriel brings intelligence of the death of Hon. Beverly S. Clarke. United States Minister to Guatemala, atagainst this city, to rob it of its franchises, to deeper and deeper into ruin. denude its executive of power, to concentrateIn convention, mixed with the petty profes-Guatemala on the 17th alt Mr. Wyke, the British Envoy to Central America, had concluded a treatyArevolutionwaslookedforinHewGranada.The news from South America is not important aid the election of W. H. Seward to the Presi-Peruvians seem disposed to let Bolivia alone. dency. By this system the votes o f members us ws from Chile is very satisfactory. Some were swapped on different measures; the billsthere are serious doubts whether this case can The < hicago Convention will have, of course, Board t o expend a million of dollars on im- John M. Parker. Will-am Hasten; Fourth, Jaaaes at. Harpartytoperpetuatetheconditionofaffairsde- HJ.King,Johnh.Parker.FtmrlkDistrict—P.Csional politicians who hang about Washington, THE OT^TKB Si-obi- MUKDER—• CA-K OK liu KS.— the solid men of the South are as Tritons among republican party, and to barter its rights to It will be seen from the proceedings in the the minnows. This present conclave of thepatronage and influence in the partisans of theindividual speculators on consideration that a United States Circuit Court yesterday that party will be regulated entirely by them.portion of the profits should be contributed totOD, S . Belding, A . C Brown; Filth A . G. Thompson, provements. T o th e Commissioners o f the Peter M. Warren, Sixth. Levi Dimmick. J. B AllaMo,be brought to trial at all. From the first it has no Southern element. The republican party ismade nj> from the ranks of the free soil whigs,a little stronger at Chicago than at Charleston.be enormous, compared with the ratesafterwards out-vetoed a n d became a l a w . diction o f the District Court of the Southern tients, or broken down tradesmen who have the fifteen millions of debt now existing. T h e traught-wttfa conseqoences of the most momentoutjunoaricalling for the instructions of Mr. McLane, when This scheme is worth about half a million o f Districtof New York. Judge I tall, after giving to the cause of freedom and the welfare of the repubdollars. The city railroad bills,whichwere thisobjectiondueconsideration,stated yester quitingonly a goodstock ofimpudencefor theincreaseofcitydebtherealludedto:— that the organiriuon which we repreetat sent is tbe only barrier wbich interposes the slightest ob-bill was taken up, and the amendment to legalisetheoccupancyoftheminerallandsofCaliforniaalsopassedovertheGovernorsveto,costdaythatthepointpresentedsomanydifficulties capital,andfacilityinlyingforsuccess.Thus Presetdebtabout $250,000 in money and stock, and that that hewa.3 unwilling to take it upon himself to tbe Charleston Convention will be an assembly Add atonal debt and Brown, respectively for andwascheapenough,consideringthattheyare decideit.inacaseinvolvingthepenaltyofdeath, ofindividuals,representingthecharacteristics Total$15000.000 atacletotb«spreadofthedarkanddesolatingcurseof 6,360,000 slavtry over all tbe Territories of the glorious raton.It is cot too much to say that but for the successful vw $20,360,0O0 tortrswtichwe,therepublicansoltheSsateofKew York, have achieved in the years that are passed, tbeand Oregon by miners, was discussed by Messrs.the-proposition:batwithouttakingthe worthsomefifteenortwentymillions.TheAlma astherecouldbenoappealfromthedecision ofeveryportionoftherepublic;whiletheThuswego.ItmustbeadmtttedthatMackandpiraticalflagofslavery%ouldnowwaveiatri- umph ov r the beautiful plains of Kansas and Nebradu; but tbey have thus tar been saved by oar efforts and ourt the Senate adjourned. The House passed House hill, as i t i s called, which was rushed the Deieianay Appropriation bill, by a vote of 79 to through at the very last moment, cost about •8. The Military Academy Appropriation bill was $5,000. The successful insertion of the clause takenup,andtheamendmentprovidingforaregi-of this court with a single Judge presiding.Having intimated his opinion t o the District gether of a number of persons from the North- Attorney, the latter bad determined not to press ern States, acting in concert according to pre-ontheprosecutionuntilthereturnofJudge viousinstructionsfromclevermanagerslikeindietaxlevygtving$80,000totheCommis- voiuateersforthedefenceofthe sionersofRecord,subjecttojudicialdecision,NelsonfromWashington,whenthecourtwouldfriends throughout the Ustoc Bat the work is not yet tage to the city, especially those of dor3. Otherterritoriesinembryostillbebeyond. (Great theCentralPark,theCrotonaqueduct,and.or- applause.) Weaioteseestrugglingtopreeerretb.s priestessinberitan»,notonlyforthewhiteiabareroftbenamentally, perhaps, the City Hall. This is all North and ihe,Souih, but for the poor sad the oppressed of every kiadred aad clime. This consumiaauoo is to be veryfine;butitis,nevertheless, averygrave attaiced cmy through the mstrumentality oftoe question to be considered wiwtoer, if the me- labor and eriortsof the great and good men of our coun-1 debated, but no vote wasMr. Thurlow Weed. Indeed so far as the mere be held by him and another Judge. Should matters of nomination .and platform are con- there be a division of opinion between them, cerned the republican convention mightbe dis-cost the friends of that measure, it is said, adjourn from Friday neatto top 39th inst, was about $10,000, and a hard battle, protracted tomeeting at Chicago will b e the gathering t o -some o f these improvement, i f properlycarried o u t , will b e o f great advan- sacrifices, and our successes in commou with those of oarthelasthourofthesession.Somuchforthethenthepointcanbecarriedasthelawpre-pensedwithaltogether.Thesemattersarear- try.Wehavecometogetherheretodaythatwithsacb tropoliswereinthepositionofanindividual, prudenceandwisdomaswecancommand,wemaye^ectare developed this mysterious murder will neverbebroughttothetestofalegalinvestigation-It Is believed that the Supreme Court will decideinfavoroftheprisoner,thepointraisedbyhis importantofthetwo,whiletheChicfgoassem- theStatetax,whichnowamountstothree and be who has so long and so ably, Ifearlessly and wisely represented war f ^ l ? ? £ ° * three-quarters mills on every dollar of assessed i principles in hat august tribunal, the ft"***TM? lJ"!,"^ tice thus far, he will not have much difiiculty amount o f money spent or thrown away a t property in the State. T h e l e v y i n g Of a d i r e c t I »bouW be »*Iected aa the expones* of our •f«f»B«. • • * • •in defeating any ulterior steps that the prose- theee Conventions is very large. The keeper tax was resorted to only a few years ago as a common standard bearero the united r ^ * * ° » •"•« (Applause.) We,whoforthirtyyearspant,aave_•<*•cution may take. This case offers another of one hotel in Cincinnati cleared forty thoo- temporary means of relief from embaraasments familiar whbfius eatei prudence, h* «***•»• TM_*5£2'sand dollars by the Democratic Convention of ha fidelity, sndhwpatrioae devsuon to *«»j essia* a*'* caused bythe extravagance of some small tat*in our choice, nor relax ia wre^r*for * er-counsel, and having succeeded^ baffling jus-blage will attract the greatest crowd. T h estrikingevidenceof thenecessitywhichexistsspa)JmmAUw-ssssUeM forthefurtherrimplincationofourcriminal185G,andthatcaravaaserydidnotmonopolizepoliticiansintheCanalBoardandelsewhere.eomplishmentThatwemayav«esstf*>rMOO£rollingsystem,iaexchangeforvotesonanoth-er measure, worth same threw or four millions tothepartiesinterested,butwhichfortunatelycode.Thepunishmentofoffencesofthischar-thebusiness.,Probablynotleasthanonehun-Ithassincebeenmadepermanent,andhasoccasion,andforwardthegreatobjee*watsa**"»Jj**'did n o t retch th e Hoese. T h e rail- roads bad t o spend about $20,000 to heat the Railroad Toll and Pro Rata bills in the Se-V">ef^v^^,» .by delegatesnc* visiters for personal charges, quadrupled. Thistax hasfollowedthe same discharge of o«r importantpersonal aad ktcal cns^dsiwhons, tat;asJ**"**TM^andexclusiveofwagers,whichwillbenume- ruleofincreaseastheimpostsleviedbythe erwardtotbeacccmpItahSBentofthegreatarous aad hJby. InCbiclnnatitnewineand w much desireactershouldnot bemadetodepend on mere dredthousnnddollarswillbespentinCharleston diVklaaUysoranefcatheart,£ us steadily increased until i t has been almost at once, with calsnaess, and fTM^J^*?Z£technical formsand quibbles.Tns Two Picn3n8.~Tho democratic*^^*2*J%L£lbar bi Is of gentlemen who had the special care pit,, and it has undoubtedly been aweHed by SS^SLff^ " " " ^ " " ' ejected all their strength against, because conclusion o f the session, have issued an ad- of the Interests o f individual candidates were the same causes. The Metropolitan Police dLisv- ^ eo*£oaftlB2Jto7* ^ ^ d ^ s s S T a t »5»-other things, they denounce the legislativehundred a=d a thousand dollars.oenrans|on King Whiskey has a great deal ofthe heaviest portion o f the taxation, while i t hasnoadequaterepresentation intineLegisla- ture. The entire valuation of property in the State f o r 1869 amounted t o $1,416,290,837. The valuation in the city of New York, $552-body, the majority of whom are republicans, as theweekamountedto1,418,whichfortheespecialbenefitoftwoor corrupttothecore.ItisaxuriousfactthatinfluenceoverKingCaucus.AlldayandallUntitled DocuAt all theseNew York paid altogether for taxes. meivfcg erVtdtng tele**** n^ttelen, I wn. o * proportion * < * State t a * w * # *Thomas M. Tryniski 309 South 4th Street Fulton New York 13069CITT REvnsuns—NEW Issrs OF CITV STOCKS — The regular tax levy this year is about nine millions. In addition to this the special billsto lay out a sum of two millions and a half; Burger.and for the completion of the City Hall they Secretaries —Jlrtt district, Andrew Williamson. Second,Lucien Bircseye: Third, J. J. Vsa Allen: Fourth, Samae! have set apart one million of dollars. They Amee Fifth, B N . HoOges; Sixth. Thomas C. Piatt;THB STATB TAX INCREASED AGAIN.—One o f do not mistake the sentiment of. this Cosveniion when Ithe crowning infamies committed by the Al-banybuccaneers,andpartofthefixedplan mouasentimentanddesireotthegentlemenwboareHerei^.Ly^.n-~—~~mmmmmti+THE CAMPAIGN IN NEW YORK.large, and embraced very many of the leading Bepubk-at tbe great national gathering a t Chicago, aad nothingsay mat we are all moved by one comiroB s-otjajeat aadPhsh'the work which .ha* «•••»**!*• 2,,-a. ! . <**www.fultonhistory.com 