 10NEW YORK HEBAm_TUg^A Yt. OCTOBER 23. 1860.-TRIPLE Extensive Flaw 1» Slatfo Avenwe.THE PBKIDHrniL CAflPAIfiST.W,rkl.f M il ta tsma Re*e«n-S|vaaeBi of oftheCoUegeofPbyalcianaandSorgeonaofthiacityto.kCollege o f Pay sfciana a n d Snrareons.I OJUUvNCEMBNT OF TUB FUTY-FOOKTH REGULAR SES- SION— THB UNION WITH COLUMBIA COLLEGE.THB SLAVE TEaiDB.T h e Ailasjod aumwor inrjlo.Before George W . Morull, Bso.. OCT.»-»»« VMtiamtmm, ivoiaanfd Oordoar^'*-DK6TRUCTIOMOF THB "TOWMSEND K<OCK"—TWKNT1C POOR FAMILIES BURNED OCT.Between three aad four o'clock yesterday morning a firebrokeoutin tbe upholstery sad furniture store of George Banner, 606 Sixth avenue. This store formed a partofthe frame buildings knownssthe"TownsendTbe opening exercises of tbe liftj -fourth regular sessionHOB «••«» Clnwnslo, a f Pennsylvania.Ameeting©ftbewoiklBfBteBOf theEighteenthward, bullding,cornerofFourhavenueaadTwenty-thirdstreet. ^arrAandX>«»d Ball-Tbe defendants in this case, Block,"wnichIsboundedbyThirtyfifthstreet, Thirty-or gathering together the large asoemblsge which crowded After aa earnest prayer by tbe Rev, J. Sanderson,tbe room where tbe meeting waa held. Dr. DnxarauD formally bade tbe students wetaoaw toTrade continues active, snd the market weak. Balesfrom first band! are limited to small lots candres at22Xc. erted parties to that capital make it out to be. Banes a 2dv; Rio coffee, 16)»U.; other kinds inactive. Coal enly bss every respectable force, say from 8,aa» to lsasn dull, with no offers for anthracite over »1» Provisions with wntcbio defend tbe city, bnt htoftlends are gather!called to order by tbe election of £ Delafleld Smith to the still aa Integral part of the University of the State ofchair.xasoLrnoNa.Tbe fWkmtnf resolutlona ware lead aad adopted b j .New York, was attached aa a medial department to Co- lombia College Be then Introducedprofeeeor JOB* C. JJAIH», who proceeded to deliver the usual introductory address Be traced in a very etobomanner tbe discoveries wade by Versiliua m regard 1g*£*ehylte fluid whichanadyled to Hu-veysdiscocommands ia Oaadaajsrs, has a force of over lOMsa, snd Csjen, tne Chihuahua Cortina*, to advancing through Darangowith2,600more. Withsuchaforceasthwith his friends relieved from the weight of their en<tales in other quarters, what probability istbe surcm of MMliberals to their attack upon the spirits, 603. Sugars—Foreign raws dull; No 1 China ef Mextet ? When all the liberal forces are conoentratedplacelaat«venlnginthelowerlectureroomoftbecollegeinvited usder a call of "Working Men to the Rassue," TIMroom waa densely crowded by tbe students aad a it will be recollected, are charged with serving ai captain sixth street, and Sixthavenue aad Broadway. The abovewas held b»t eveslsg,»** DtwAla MP*****, 6*mer ofTwenty thirdstreetandSecondavenae. It waspubliclyannounced that the Boa. John Covode, of "Osvode Com•sitae"notoriety, would be preeent andad.Irenethemeeting. This wa» donlrtlese a good card, and thecaaae tutions and a number of distinguished medical gentlemen.large number of their lady aad gentlemen friends Upon theplatformwere seated Or.Delafleld, Presided of tbe CoUege; Charlea King, LLP., President of Column's Col- lege,togetherwithmembersoftbefacultiesofbothinsti-ssd first sad second mtte oa the I r » , on board whton vessel between eight andnine hundred negroes ware found when she was wised sa a prize Tessel.Willism Warren, oneof the defendants, beingex- amined, deposed that be shipped oa board the Brieto London, England, about December test, for a voyage to Bavana; a man named Knudsoa was master; when shenamed store w u about the middle of tbe block, aad the firespreadwithgreatrapidity north sadsouth, andto the space of half an hour the whole or the middle part oa BroadwaysadSixthavenuewasenveloped incmssheet of name. The firemen worked with unceasing industry, snd managed to save tbe tenements fronting on Thirty. fifth and Thirty sixth streets.street to their night clothesTbe following is a list, sa far sa oould be saoertatoed, orthelossandinsurance:—on SIXTH Avasrca.At tbe appointed boat, eight o'clock, the meeting waa the reopening of tbe session of tbe college whiek, though was leaving Havana I understood she wsa going on aUpwards of twenty poor families were driven from their hemes, and pretty muchall their articles of house- bold effects were consumed, and quite a number of tbemunion could not fall to prove beneficial in all respects. It would afford a more perfect system of university educa- tion—a a) stem be considered so neaessary to fall andI ccui nlete lLstruction. He concluded with a few brief re- Mr. Covona was then introduced as the author of the i marks to the students, tn wnich be pointed out the tm-ON BROADWAY.F S. Sharkey, marble works; totally destroyed.OfO were gathered together in San Luis Potosl, and from tbesoe it was started to Tami>tco. Two days after it was sent a »ay General Drgoliadn gsve orders tofollow aadWbta be concluded tbe Chairman introduced tbe orator of tbe evening.Mr Diamond, wheelwright; totally destroyed.Mr. Bendep, horse shoeing shop; totally destroyed.ticket Between Douglas and Breckinridge in this State tbe contest Is so close that the betting men continue to make even bets in large sums without hesitation.BOM. JOHN COVODE'S STEECB.Angeles and San Francisco was Inaugurated, and was th* San Lais, where it wss deliberately appropriated to tat occasion! Of a general jollification at Los Angeles. Tbe cms o ' tbe liberal cause. O' course nothing could savelife aad death of President Buchanan. When tbe cheer- ing bad mbaided be sntd ;—Fellow citizens—At tbe request of tbe State Committeebe appeared before tbtm He would premise what hebadtosaybyremarkingthatbewasnota talkingman,manded the vessel out o the Congo; there was a Spanish Tbo oceuraotB of the stores on first floor to Thirty-fifthtbe n-.oi.ey from tbe ranee < ci army then present, aad therefore all tne agents o the various nations whose citizens bad suffered contented themselves with entering their protests General Ilegol ado, who is tbe real head of tbe army, thoogb not at present actually ta that peal,party. What waa tbe fact with regard to democracy? teje on Repairs and Supplies.slave deck made on tne vesael while I w is aboard; 1) Tracy; damaged about $100landed a great many things, but I don't know what they were; we lanued In boats, some of. which be- longedtothevesselandsomebelongedonshore;Ithick•cr n'one erceperi by biding in tbe bushes. After travel- ling seven days without food be was found in aa exbanst- en condition by some persons, wbo took him to the I i*l las. Of tbe nineteen males in the party six were die charged soldiers from Fort Hailtravagance and corruption. Jefferson was dethronedfrom .he democratic pedestal aad Joba Calhoun andothersofhisstampwereplaced thereinhisstead.Barclay street, frrm assessment, was laid over.The Finance Committee reported in favor of selllnr, at themirenominalpriceofonedollar,aplotofgroundonTownsend holds a lease of It. The damage to the buildtogsIsestimatedatabout$6,000;saidtobeinsured. Itwill be recollected that this block wss erected at tbe time led to beilieve that the whole party were butcheredA petition, signed by 3,000 persons, asking to have the civil and criminal couns changed Irom their present loca- tion to the vicinity of Fifty ninth street, was also refcrrel to the Committee en Repairs and Suppliestbere was no slave deck onboard; there was no other deck on board except these In her when w e left England; we had twenty or twenty-five casks of fresh water; w e bad no more than would supply our own crew on the pas- sage out; the cargo we to »k out waa landed at PaintNova Scotia; tbe town is called New Annan; I w as nevernaturalized; my parents and family reside In Nova dcotia;my business is that of exclusively a seafaringman;when I left B»v*na to the Erie, Idid pot know she wasfirmer, with sales of 0CO firkins at 26; a27>;c ; a por- tion of the tost steamer's Import is granulated, and will loselargUyforshippers; smallsalesba-wn aslastnoted. In pork JHtto doing; 600 bbls Amos Billings» hams soldL ^Mm:' ,tttoc ISBIS to securebones to free and actual settlers, be it thereforeReeo vad, fbat wa recoamend to oar brother laborers or tbe waraa in tbe city of New York, tbe necessity of a aaton simitar to oura of tae Btohtosnth ward,Reeolvsd, That we pledge ourselves to support no can- dilate for any office whatever, bus those that era known to be directly interested in tbe welfare of tbe laboring easesS-Resolved, That we and to tbe person of tbe Boa. A. Waktmaa, tbe candidate of tbe K<tbth Congreesloaal da- trictof Mew York, a capable, tried aad faithful frtendKewHad^at'wThaU with delight tbe nominattoaof.fooda,saupright,able, and,above ail,aniboaest. leptttent us in tbe ronrteontb Assembly dmirict. lege. The building waa tranarormed Into a boa- landed southward of the river Congo; came to anchor off No 611.—Jobnwn & BoaeU, feed store. Lots snout wheat. $:4(p hides, 2,800 bates of wool and 200 flasks of entboslsrm to bans: sad retoforos bim. Besides, he it 'Besolred, That we pledge our support to tbe above pittl, and tbe students were disperse 1. With tbe mouth of tbe river; up to this time Captain Gordcn $180; tosuredjbr $600 in the St. Nicholas Inturaace Com- quicksilver. fort:)y IIg the approaches to the etty In every conceivablerfor a anionoftbe taborta.rignt, and also to secure free wen o» the circulation of the blood in the system. He 0<apacluded by exhibiting to the students tbe neoesattj; of ch and study to add to their knowledge of medicalKnro, LL D , the President of Columbia Col- ons next introduced. They were there, he eaid, to ess the niiiou lately efieotea between the inatitutioa which be presided end that whose session was now ally opened in accordance with the idtas of tinders of Columbia College. The latter was establish 1767, under the colonul government, with the title tag's College. A medical faculty farmed one of ita fe* e. and the gentlemen composing It were the only mo-1 in*truou>r« in the then colony of New York. TbeNo. 606 —Upholstery and furniture, owned by Georen>1770cametoeetabtiabanation, batbrokeupacol-No 609—Philip Bice, butcher. Less about $300; no Colemani li&e Ber principal cargo Is 21,000 sacks orwas called DonHill,the otherwas called Antonio;wa insurance. men;behasastronglyfortifiedejty,sadhahasratlgtosn,Inamed candidates, and that we will use oar utmost en- what result many of them had exchanged acted as captain of tbe vessel: tbe day after we sailed ^No 618 —Vhry & Bird, paint store. Slight damage;***vor to unite the working men of the Eighteenth ward the pen for a sword, tbe history of Alexander from Havana I was told that the destination of the vessel Insured for $600 to the Hamilton Insurance Company.OB the 8th news reached San Francisco, by telegraph,bat the Oregon Senatorial election took place at Salem, with additional parapets.onthe2d,toduelegal form. J.W.Nesmtta(Douglas Tbeliberals,Ittotrue,aregatheringinimpes'ngI democrat),! was elected for the long term, andE.f) but then tbey have the e ements of dtssensios toBaker (republican) for tbe short term—tvn years midst, and tbey distrut their commanders. This to a Mr. Baker is a non-intervention republican, with views l b-rsl place, acd I know what the leaders of th* partysayandexpect,and(knowthattheybavebatlittle licenceIntheirrepress*Itt*sBmen.BesidH- this wsnt cf pr<at<g» which to admittedtbe liberal leaders, Dexollado has lately committed a very serious blosder whereby be has forfeited the ocnlupontheworkingmat'scandidatee—Ltojoto,Wakeman BamlaYoncouldlestfy;andotthemedicalstudentsmany sad Fonda also turned the knowledge acquired atcollege to the aliaTee Chairman then proceeded to address tbe meeting, viatlon of tbe wounded soldiers who, during the war], oncupied the building. After the peaoe the liberal charac- Congo; dnrir-g the voyage these two passengers had no No. 6C3—Henry Trebolfj. boot and shoe maker. LossIn anticipation of the pent gun of tbe evening. While ter of the new government gave an impetus to theesspeaking a partyofVideAwakes,withlightedtorches, tabiahmcntofschools«,feducation,andin1784Columbia beadedbyadrummerortwo,enteredandrangedthem- Collegewaareopened. Thinssprogressedagaininaproscentral of tbe cargo, except in speaking of it they said about S160; Insured for $200 In tbe New Amsterdam Insu- theybadbusinesswithit;afterwedischargedoureargo rsneeCompany. ,• __ ._similartothoseolEliThayer. Thenews haselectrified tbeCaliforniarepublicans,manyofwhomthinktue3tat«allegianceto advance under tbe doctrine that the courts named Michael Geraty, under the following circum- have been twenty bushels of beens and five bushels of Boats—Waterfor tae City—Weather—Health, 4c tribute their money and green enough to take a fifteencoulddonowrong TbepeopleofKanaaaobjectedtothe constItutlen whicn the administration attempted to force uponthem Uptotnistimetheadministrationhadbeen able to rule tbe country with tbe aid of the democrat c party of tbe North. But the Kanaas aad Nebraska bill raised such a storm In the North that tbe administration found it could net longer succeed by stratagem, and ano- ther policy ems inaugurated, by which the admlntstra-stances —Geraty was indnoed to put up at Haddon's bouse until a vessel on which be Intended to go to St. Johns,Newfoundland, was ready tosail. OnFriday laat Hadden asked bis gaest to go on board of a ship 1j ing off tbe Battery, and when he git him on boardhe Informed him that be bad been shipped for the voyage, and most content himself with the rare Geraty ex- pressed his astonishment at the news and asked for anrearm!*;whenweleittbeCongotherewerebeefand pork, beans, peas, rice snd water, but cannot say now many easks; I saw some of the casks filled with water fromtheriver,but1didnotgiveanyordersaboutfilling tbe casks: tbey were filled by the Spaniards and Ameri- cans: I don't think any of tbe arthles that we leaded came on board again; our cooking apparatus for the ne- groes were kettles and two boilers; the boilers came on board in the river; 1 waa paid %i& per month, and receiv-Before leaving [for the Northern provinces I will giveyouaresurni-ofwhathasbeenpassingtoRio.TheBouseor Deputies and the Senate are about bringing their laborsto a close. Compelling the banks to redeem their nateswith specie has been the most Important act of theSouthernObsanSteamer Movements. CHARLSSTON. Oct 20,1860.The United States mail steamship Nashville, Oapt Mur- ray, fmm New York. arrived here at twelve o'clock lastbundredmiletrip,tofindattbeendoftheirpursesand their journeys that tbe wbo!e ibing was an unmitigated, mendacious and criminal d<c*Dtton. If Gen. Bickley has not made foola enough yet, it ia time that he and Ban. um formed a partnerahtp-1tthe Territory. Bet failing in that, after undertaking to with Geraty's signature attached, when the lat since by Captain Gordon here in New York, bat have notcarryslaverybyforceagainsttbefreesentimentofthe tor denied the genuineness of thedocument,and presentedabillormadeademandfortberestofthe wsabrought forward bytbephilanthropistSiIveirdaNorth, tbe administration undertook to carry cut its pro demanded t o b e sent ashore; b u t Haaden insist- wages on tbe borne voyage; 1 believe the Erie sailed from Motta to prohibit the sale of slaves b y public auction, t ojeot by fraud and corrnpttoe, aad b y stuffing t h e ballot best. Tbe scheme was to be carried out through tbe Le- comption constnotion, and when that constitution was to be submitted Mr. Buchanan moved a portion of the army so as to surround Lecompton, when the Convention met, sad thus to force the people to give sa endorsement tothateaastttntion. Whatwaatheresult* Throogh ballot bam storting it wsa announced that the Lecompton constitution had been adopted, then did Mr. Buchananto Congress a message, wherein he announced tbe people of Kansas bad themselves the constitution under which they asked so b e taken into t b e Onion. Buchanan knew well that the people bad nothing to do with the constitution. r'Shasae.") Falling to this, after the discovery of therations to move the Custom Boose to this pace, and par- ties are already making preparations to pat up fine brick werebouses for storing tbe bondad goods.Tbe pale which swept along the coast of Alabamaland Lnntsiara. spent i t s force before rra-.hinr thie place.Tbe dengue fever to pteva*tog here rather extensively.Two Dsetraetlvo Fires im Hear Orleans* I [From the New Orleans Bee», Oct If ]Midntehtbeforelastfirewaasettotberearpromtass of M. Weber's grocery store. Vo 1S7 Peydren street, epoo- site tbe rraiket, snd in a sh«it time the whole builiiogfratd. another move was made by tbe almtmetratt n—that wsa to buy up Northern democratic members of Con-grese, in tbe hope of fastening that iniquity, the lecomp-ton constitution, upon t b e country. Then i t w a s thatWendell opened his beak account with the Bank of the a good time generally. After trying the speed of the Metropolis, si Washington. From that account it was homes on tbe Bloomlngdale road, and visiting proved that he, Wendell, bad expended $126,000 ia two the hotels all along the route to Higa years m political purposes. ThMpaoaey was paid out in Bridge, they returned to the city, and pinking up a fe-We bave bad Prince Alfred of England here. The im-perial fomily Were upon tbe summit of the Corcovado 50 76, Cfty Mill*, f 5 60. Wheat firm: red, t l SOa SI 42; row alky ways snd small yards filled with wooden sheds Mountainabeiibeenteredtbe ha.bor,beingon dutyat white.Si45a$170 Corn declined 2c:yelow.68c. a sndkitchens,thattbefiremenornatepreventitsspreading tbe time sa midshipman. Tbe following day tbe Em- 70c Prr>vis1ons"quiet and unchanged. Ordfoe firm at further to the rear, and tbe spire mill, adjoining on one peror visited him on board, when the stanoard of Old 14'4c. s 15 \,c ;co stock to first bands. Whiskey dull at side, waa barely saved after atrenooos exertions, mateatMarket*| PHILADELPHIA STOCK BOARD.PUILAMIPHIA. Oot 22,1860. Stocks dnll. - Pennsylvania Stat* 6 ' s , 96%; Beading friend of Geraty's heard of the transaction, and, with tbe The United states District Attorney, ex Judge Roane tion of the slave man and wife, also of the mother a a l P.Rilroad,23 Morris Canal, 04X; Long Island Ballrnai. ehlldren;i but the amendment has been a clog to the 13».;; Pennsylvania Railroad, 40. Sight exchange on Newed that It was all right, and, shoving off in New,Orleans to Iondon. a row boat, left poor Geraty t o his fate. Subsequently awhich was;added an amendment to prevent the separa-assistance of the harbor police, succeeded in effecting the velt, appeared for the prosecution, and Mr joachimiprisoner's release. Yesterday Geraty appeared before Justice Kelly, at the L>wer Police Court, and, preferring achargeagainsthispersecutor,hadhimtakeniatocus tody. Hadden, wbo waa arretted by officer Cirneil, of the harbor [KUice,was committed to tbe Tombs for ex amtnation.EajOTiao THXHSKLVKS AT Oman PBOPLB'S Exraass —Thomas Coaly and Joseph Frazw occasionally indulge injokes a t other people's expense. On Sunday afternoon they drove off with a pair of horses and carriage bel>og ing to Mrs. Isabella Clyde, of No. 317 Grand street, wbde the latter was attending Divine service at Dr. Bo Jauiey's church, In Fourteenth street, near Sixth avenae, and badfor the defenceAdjourned to Tuesday (this day) at twelve o'olock.Tbe Slaver City o f Norfolke OUR KEY WEST CORRESPONDENCE. *1 KKIWIST, Oct. ll,18o< Arrival of the Untied Store* Steamers Wyandot and Ow- iader—Tkt Slater City of Norfollc~The Cirevmitanett ofliar Discovery while Engaged in Illegal T,ajHc*—3hott Exchanged Between American and Spanish War Vessels— A Casus Belli—Probable Protest of the Spanish Command- ant— Ferhng in Havana on Ike 3utgtgt,&., siclighter.bill, and it is doubtful if it can be patched up so aa to pass.Byanactjustpassedthechildrenofforeignersres- dent to Brazil, not to tbe service of their country, shall be considered as foreigners during their minorlay, and tbe question is now considered as dually settled.Tbe Princess Isabel has passed ber fourteenth year, and has publicly taken tbe oatb to the constitution, and pro- bably the diplomatic agents in Europe are already on tbe lookout for a husband for her among the petty princes.York at par a 1 20 per cent premium.Nsw OKLKAJW. Oct 22,1860Cotton—Salestoday4000bales,at11V"aU%afor mid(M'lie. Freights—Cotton to Liverpool 9-16d.electio. of Lmeoto, Bell or ^ h a T ^ r e A h ^ ^ S Croat, J. Corresama and Antonio Bias, all or (Juba; C. ship, lunderstand that the Spanish officer has made a to the ocean through the Lagos de Rjdrigues de Freius,toiwghm would have there but one t late—Uli*»t w State—Illinon,ir CC0 bushels wlteat, 88,000 do corn. Exports—2 000 bbls. flour. 70.000 busbels wheat and 8.C00 busbels com.BrFKAUo, Oct 22-6 P. M. Four steady and in moderate demand: sales 700 hhu. st "f4 80 for Canada. 600 bbfo. extra Wisconsin at 86 25 a S6 50 for extra *Mtr-bi?an. Indiana and Ohio at 85 75 s L PHiLADaxrsJA, Oct 22,1860. $6 '.'5 for double extras. Grain market for all kinds per- The complete official returns makeCurtto's majority fectly fipt. and not a stogie ssle reported. Canal freights— 20c on wheat. 18c on onrn to New York. Lake imports—well afford to give New York* ••-• would Now York do forleast. If tbe electionA. Morgan and wire, of St. Paul, and J. A. Bnndoo.of Sia Francisco, am stopping a t tbe Metropolitan Hotel.fcrmal complaint to bis admiral of tae "menaciue man-and is lost to tbe city.Rio is free from fever, and is generally healthy.Bell woold bare b a t e e e State, T enneinlea^nonin to, T ennessee. Lincolnot England; David Seats, Jr., D. D. Brudhend, J.II.subject; but it is to be hoped that these little ebullitionsThe Official Vote ofPannayIvanla.es. IsMe. There i s but little doubt that tbe r e s u l t . Z l ^ . ^ * that yan arldo yourself on yoar correctness. 1 ham van- by patentee above notfosd will eventually neorodaondtaredtoinformyonthatmrWCubitatnotaashasen- butwhetheritwillbed>we«othecoasttbki* ' " a mt the Ship iliac* Hawk.indicate that tbe s b l p l f f Hawk ^rom'oa- culta for Boston, before reported 7akwtog*^s beau tost withallonboard. 8bewas,hutmJ* iTssXJrZT Sf?'ner to which tbe Crusader spproacbea him, the menat W. J Bammersley and wife, of Hartford; 8 H. Cobb, quarters," &-. There Is much feeling in Havana onthlsofnationalitywilllesdtonoseriouscomplicationofour elect him , still they would* be kept ftu^££0 £ of Boston, were among the arr'lrals at the Brsvoort Huosa aflajrs wiih Spain.Story, Jr, sad family, and Arthur Codnian,andparty,all near the end of the session. Then the afoot** would ro yesterday.though be would have fifteen, and would onlv lack tenTu!4o tbe Senate, when tbe choice would undoubtedly tlu apon Breckinridge. Be could assure them that Honest tint Abe woold do the South no Injustice, The South wooldbesecureunderbtaadministrationoftheironnstt- tuttonal righto,butthefreewhitemenOftbeNorthhat r<»hto tee. aad these they must ensure by the election of Auraham Ltnooin. (Loud cheers and cries of " we'll do ft "> tf——Mr.Cb^erenaminghisseat,therewasthensingiog by the Prairie wnnsjaaws, after wbtoB other speakers • saeMiaf, which closed at a late boar withB o w Lord TOTHKHMTOBor*ua Mgahnm,Nsw Youx, Oct. 19.I960-1 read m your edition of yesterday that Sir W . Cubit, M. P., Alderman aad Flabaaoagnr, bad been elected LardMayorofthe cityef loadon for the ensuing year. It amy not be of mooh balseaet ta tbe geaoreMty of your whethertheLordMayorofLondonelectbeaCol. Isaac Glazier aad fifty other guests of tbe Lafarge• foft yesterday for California ia the steamship NorthCaptain-Met;ill,oftbeBritishArmy;A.J.Cohan,of ^^•"Pfcte^Onptatii Prlce^ofQuebec; E.P.Websterand_Massachusetts,hasJustdied,Inthe90thyearofbtsiaV He wasthe folber of Mr.Stoddard,who,withMranitAlbeLalsrsn Bunas.Naw•m,efTexas:j.c Wstsb,ofBye;JDe Havana,atestopping— •• •• ., natSI26,sod2.860do primeCanadaclubatSI 18,afloat.nVZSZSArrivalsand Departures. ABftlVALg.Fr.* rtpuuirs inn i^tiiiJ*!5!S,^i^J^^Be-0 For.ana has Manama V0 ** MAKI,<i —* gentleman of Loutai- tier, rill.Atlantic and Great Western Railroad, with a view of org. 7,125 ob>B. flour. 60 000 busbels wheat, 4.600 do. corn, 3,600 reade-s m form their own opintoeu. ^ ^ •_"-"£ ;, sa u g a r , b y wbaAsinbTsVreetnnns^^ -G o m e x ,do. barley, 1.800 do rye, 608 do. pass. ron* to tbls w'se —AS ibe express tenia oa the mm** snd Niagsra Falls road wss aboat a saltofrasslusawsaoa, CmcAOO.Oct.22-6P.M. awomanossreeo Branding near the **^>*a£'*JZ*Flour doll Wbeat doll and fce. lower: sale* 88,000 carssporon^bed the Jar caused the wosaaa to fag/**fosses Itself,can b a ^ o e l i L ! J?* Ju,c*' 4 n d1e veven m >- a few --•ukB. TheSvaWSsrtn toe aun£ •* *° *tow th*1 »" Pare cane jatoe exposed to a T m nanta 18!ln?*,,fa,*bie-ing the work to early completion.A Itaftroact Ticket Office Kobbatf Boston, uct 23.1860.Ksw Ovuuirs AH» BAVAWA' - tosugar Itwill beputin GraTes,wife,sonanddaughter.Ireman, and if inthebecomes solid grains ot a n w . ? s L J *****,dl»"». W Komer. 4 hopper, i Kelly, OHubbard Dowen.The ticket office of the New York Caatral KsMriadoTflce, on Kneeland street,, waa broken into snrlr thnt 20 0C0busbeis, at 86c . In store Oats quiet. Receipts—whatever; anddryWestIndia sumTtSSSL •°'M»8" water *A raboiled, leave, a °JmZm^£l?£*ZTMGeoaneeden. * '4.000 bbls. Hour,122,000 bushelswheat,8,000do.corn.do.eon:.0IA0dooats. Freights,17ca18c.oawheat railswtenfirstseen,sadthattheearspssse^Iovertmr,to Buffalo mil* exchange oa Now York 1 per cent cnttrng her bodv to twain, hot that oa picking ber «p suen o t necessarily nncrystallisable andM.rkie.MrAuton, MisaWestou, Miss Hodges, W Abrewerpremium.Flour market uBsettloJ; quotations nominal aad nowesdrsd.withherthroateatasdescribedabove. »The United States steamer Wyanftet, Stanly, came inon tbe 8th tost, with her first lieutenant sick. She was leaving the Leopard w ss again flag ship aad Alfred was orderedintoquarantine,and receivedcoalbymeansofa simply amid.checksunderfictitiousnames. Severaloftbechecksbore maleacquaintance,namedCatharineKinky,agatustartedtbeinitials8.U,astheinitialsofsomepersontowhom onanexploringexpeditionthroughtbeupperpartofthethe money pauiparted to be paid. At the investigatioa Island. How many miles Mrs. Clyde's horaea were madeby the "1—T''**^ sf which be was duirman, the to perform Is not exactly known, bat certain it is thatmanager of tbe bank was asked what those letters stood the poor animals were Kept put nntil four o'clock yester- far,sadwhatthinkyouwasbaaanswer—"Thatmeansdaymornleg.WhenfoundataliverystabletnWooaterfolksteamer,aswellasherslaves,byaSpanishmaa-ofing.Theyareofthemoatsolidconstruction,andareaaSI81forredState,$122forspring,and$160stl56loss$12,000,insuredfor$6600;Citizens'Bakery.lloai •Save the Union'" (Uaghter) Saving the Union withtheadministrationwascorruptingNorthern membersofCongress. Mr. Covode than referred to tbe revelationsbrought out b y tbe Covode Committee, noticing tbe ex-them was destitute of bis hind shoes,and ookedre- markably the worse for wear. Subsequently the police arrested tbe practical jokers, and on being brought beforesteameras diBtresied American seamen. Tbesteamer andiscarryingthemon. Thepontoonshsve acted admi wss under Fortcguese colore, and therefore not subject rably in placlbg.the abutments for the arches, and it is ato capture by ;an American man of-war, bad the bave been wonder they are not In more general use.for State Barley—Nosales;supplyprincipally ordinary State. Corn dull, at 67){uforWesternmixed. Whis-key 23 }(c.: 226 bbls. sold.AuusY.Oet. 22—6 P. M. Flour urchspged and In fair demand. Wheat mode-pehditare to snataia tbe pro slavery party is Kansas, Justice Connolly, what was their astouiahmeut to flod lallen in with. But she arrived off an island oh the The first pile has not yet been drives for the dock tofraud,andhisadministrationwaaafraudon magistratewasdeterminedtopunishthem. the amatican people From this point of sub-ject be referred to tbe subject of free trade,^^•apomMoa of which was frequently kwdiybottomtogodownIntothedeepbotcmoftbeoeeau.bogpromisedboonAproposofthedock,woulditnet sndsprieraitSI23andwinteratSI30,incarlotsRye— locality,wheretheyfoundaconflagrationalreadyoaeered. u reference to the coming election he said he h«»ed theiieopleer New York -would aid the people orPersonal IntclliganieGea. Garland, of the United States Army, is stopping at where she was discovered by a Spanleh men-of-war, thusThe old terry boats make very good time, but they aregenerally a long time in getting alongs de the wharf, nearwhatisequivalenttothemouthofscommonriver,and busbelsStateat70c;thisafternoon10.200bushelsES5?3?J!*n 1H r t * ? » > •tecUBa Abe Lincolnifo**^**?** ** K » - Be begged of them to arestoppingattbeClarendon Hotel.y h n lb s ni*! .V* « ? r* »»» *h'P threw a shot across tbe bowferry boatsibe betterTbe weather Is fine and tbe coffee is aiming to. Thebbls at!28KCW B p , t o**!» Mi* «**** « *•» «»«»*** undletnrbed Would they«1 lorfoi1LatTu!!?I!dUZ^T °* »h*irrtnsiceni by aiiouaterieg!aadthiswouldcertaialy betheawaniftae election went into tbe Boone tr ihe%)e*ttaT w C t l n ^ taeHousetherewouldnotbeHM.remotmtnLw^ 5,-KSlS!S^*#^* • B«m», aad thusCol.Bardee,of WestPoint; E.F Cabala,vfibi; W. B 0(den, of Chicago; M. A Armst-ocg, of Philadelphia, aad A. A Slater, Jr , of Baltimore, are stopping at the Union Place Hotel.Gen- Chainlet lain, of the United States A'my; J.M.of the Crusader which Captain Maffltt Immediately returned, hoisted his ensign and bore down utwa him d-- price current will give you the rest.ttt0the New York Hotel.Col. Gadolln, of tbe Russian Army; Proreseor I. D. Whit- ney and wife, of Northampton: Henry B'aoey and wife, of Boston, and Professor W. D. Whitney, of New Haven,m u d and cemmand full prices: sales this morring of 800But, by some strsnge miamanag«mcnt. she changed her be as well for the first boat to bring a direct acting steam coarse and came a*bore, under a full head oi steam pile driver? * 6Sales 1700 l><sbel« at 76c Oats at 36>i<" for dtate linear headway in a square closely bout op OiUs Com dull at 67)40 for Western mixed. Barley in good frame erections, a gats blowing, and bat ntuo supply, tout plainly ordinary parcels; good lots are in de- water to be obtained from cisterns. This * • * •case o f t b e most darirg ioeendtarirm. Two r*«jjTM« attempts bad been made since eleven o'clock to destroy tberesider.eeofMr.Cummints,bothofwhich*er*B*" covered and frustrated, be himself being swakeoed|tna second time from the smoke The Incendiary then start- ed <he fire under the stable, in which a Canadian jsoy worth S1.CO0 and three mules valued a t $900 were bars- ed to death. Before this insidious corflagratios •""''J* checked s i x : > « t w o story cottages—N'os. 488,460, *ex, 4*4, 4f6 snd 468 S t Char es street—were destroyed, j w a Mr. Dsy¥ double two storv frime bouse on Felicity ireea, occupied by Dr. kencler; Mr McGerrety's stables, sOd a Dumber o» kitchens and outhouses in tbe centre "J^Z? rqusre. Tne loss by this ire amounts to nearly a*0*0* Mr. Cummints bad tnsursoce to tbe amount of $6,OC0 oa a loss of $12 0CO Mr Jobn T. Moore had insures©? or $4 600 on a loss of $6,000. Mr George Burns had an a - sursnee of $3,£00 on a loss of $5,800. Messrs. Adsr's, Jacob Winter, Cavsnsgb, O'Brien. Ccmmlngs, aoore, Bnrns acd Widow Catbcari, tost all or nearly all toeTw furniture. Dr. Merceir saved most of h a It «fJTMuntil after six boom of wearisome labor sad «P"iBr* that <be firemen were anally enabled to leavefor taenrhomes. _m.Ldirg « what be meant." The explanation was, that the Cruf ader was taken lor tbe City of Norfolk, which tne Spaniard was particularly in ooett of, and which VMSSHTbe stnams which have been supplying the city with water are found to be insufficient in the dry season, and a reservoir is sbout to be made on the Tijuca Mountain, to„ ^Soiosio* STOODASD, a venerable citizen of Nortbamntondr?9!l'Zn***om'}l)a?wn3 000 bbls. floor, 215 000 bosheis wheat, 35,000 bushels corn. Canalexports—|500bbls.floor,61,000bushels wheat,12000bbsheJs corn.this evening on a trip of inspection of the road Messrs. Srains (inlet. Canal freights lower; flour 42c., wheat noon. Too Mories are told sbout tbe matter, sadwar 12^n a 18c . rom IBs to New York. Lake imports— letors of escb innst that their aeeoonttat»asoarees foe.Evans and L. Piatt, the English directors, will visit the 12,500 busbels wheat. 4100 do. barley. Canal export*— Not knowtr-r which is true, we give ^ . ^ / J ? * j 2 ;th7N^Bt?ri"s'Boraiuarron, Oct, $2, i860.withsmajorityoftheBoardorDirectors,arrivedhere Cornonll:sale*2COObusbelsIllinoisat61c. Other mnrderwsscommittednearTooawnndayeetereayajer-SiviSSiH—Steamship Montgomery—J Edwards snd lady, 8 footer. Miss JohnWBbusbels, at 87c for Northwestern club, 83c a83)»o No 1, 80c. a 80#o. for No 2. in store. Corn dull:aad roil away from tbereiL The *n*JH**»fZ*tanbacked no to tbe spot, aad it w ss dtoaavered thatKMwoman was dead and perfoetly eotd, with her throat ratObitmnrw.thirty-two thonraad and ninety-two.l'fo|ffcwrYorkandESrleRailroad Iaepoc- t l o n .^ k t h 6 dtettarimmar.and akin of atolslied missionary toOswaoo, Oct. 22. I860. Wheat nnrhauted: sales 12,600 bushelsOHASUMTo.i-flteesMnip James Adger—H 8 OUtrord J a ^1,600 in back bills stolen. Gardner.MrsJASmith.MrsO'Kell.M«ritven.ru^eoenThese twofact,goto.how tw**!*8° - thai mo Mr Merrvmsn. Edw A West, J P Ralney, sf MerrtworfoTMrs oostermongor: bat as I see by year edl.eatingoatbeEnglishandAmsrfoanprom, thateverythingthatIssweetinoanejuiceIscryuaiiL^ ARMesa. m± 'Untitled DocumentRiL-nioiro. do—Steamihip* Jamestown—H Berlsbv. #1 wThomas M. TryniskiBow*.$18,060.: Total loss about $86,000.reach of tbe civilizing infieen * or tbe Nsw Yoax BBBALD,bave been misled into the folly of coming fifteen hundred milestoinvsdeMexico,onthely-ineassuranceofGen.pick- 1 leythatbebadacontractfromtbeMexican governwntto introduce American volunteers into that country. The s statement bas been dented a taaieaad times; a siu'tanasof cautions hsve been published officially and other Wise,asmS B W H *1* . " "TM «»>*»..'»*•" w r - '• iniy^nnjjymtaui.njmmitBJj !• •;-i*'i-«MSiifippipi!going after negroes; she had a general cargo for generaltrading purposes on the coast; I shipped as second Ksnner Lots estimated at a*K>ut $800; insured for $2»0 at sactioa at|$18 80 per 100 lbs. Foreign spirits are in-mate; I wss on board when the osrgo came on board ; I bad nothing to do with it; I presume the persons who had care of tbe vessel bad charge of the cargo; I believe these peisons were Spaniards; tbe name of the firm sounded like Havernsbe ft Co.; there persons or their agents came on board and attended t o the business; they were point- ed out to me s s owt ers of tbe ship; we took passengers toIn the New Amsterdam Insurance Company.No. 608>f.—Policy shop, kept by John Wright. Lossabout *20, no insurance.No 607—William Jones, perfumery and fancy toys,&c. Loss about tS00; insured for $400 to the Wall Street Insurance Company. .No. 607«.—Frederick Millermann, tegar store Loss about $800; Insured for $600 ta the Wall Street and Pacificactive sad domestic lower; whiskey, dec. a 47>ic ; puretbe Coast; tbe passengers wtre Spanish gentlemen; one Insurance companies.Tbe Ebip Hornet cleared yesterday for New York, to for the mss ery of tbe nation. B e hss money sad be haswaacharged,thatweclearedforSt.Thomasacdrfise No. 616—John Moore,grocerystore. Damagedby and Congo; tbe censpnee got us to land the cargo at the smoke and water about $160; insured for 6500to the Parkatibem*uthoftheCongoachangeinthecommandof No.€08>»—JohnBohrschieb, dealer in stcVesandselves along me side of the room. The Cbntrnann called perounmanner, until the medical department desired an the vessel took place; snotber captain and other officers reuses Loss about $10C; insured for $300 to the Hamil- may go for Mr. Lincoln if Mr. Baker can be induced toorganization of ltaown; and accordingly, in 1807, by a for three cheers for the "Eighteenth Wide Awake RaU- grant from the Regents of the University, tbe College ofsplitters.'' which waa responded to most vociferously. Physicians and Surgeon* waa established. Columbia Col-Be then proceeded with bit remarks till tbe entrance of lege waa thus deprived of ita o.edical Inttroctora, and tbe faculty determined to discontinue the usual medicalthen took command of tbe ship; I presume this took place ton Insurance Company.because ot the sale of the ship; the man who took charge No. 601 —Conklin Peters, bowling alley. Loss about of the ship told Gordon in my presence that he (Gordon) $400. Insured.bad nothing more to do with tbe ship, snd ordered Gor- No 699.—Abraham Flock, batcher and market. Losstake tbe stump here.Tbe Breckinridge democrats are endeavoring to damageInsnrsnee Company. _BurKloJaneiro Correspondence. Bio JutKiRj,8ept.7,I860in Waltham, MassBosroa, Oct 22, I860.session.r a e u r mined to rule by force. And then ed some money In Bavana from Captain Gordon; he paid The screw steamship Huntsville, from New York, ar- this State threatens to sweep away tbe democratic party. 1explanationofthelandlord'sconduct. Haddenthere-Kansas to back tbe proslavery Invaders of uponproducedwhatpurportedtobetheshippingpapers, meaboutamonthandahalf'spay;Ibavebeenpaid$10 empirehasundergone a lengthy discussion; snda bill rivedatibebarstsixP.M. AUwell Col. Latham, th* Collector otths port, is makior prepa-army of the United States wasmareaed toThemannerofconductingtheelectionsthroughouttheEngland was hoisted, and the admiral o' tbe station was22c a 22iic.great personal risk. Tbe total loss at this fire amountstaunder tbe orders of the Prince; but upon the EmperorPmt.Ansi.rniA, Oct 22,1860Flocr firm bat dull Wheat declined 2c : sales 4 COO Madame I ucien Mains and Madame J. A D. Trudjna,mmCaptainPeelhssbeensometimeonthisstationincommand or the Bussard, but has been superseded, and firm: Rio, lSJKe. a 15 4c. Whiskey—Obfo, 23 ,c. The Crusader arrived from a cruise on the 8th goes home as an invalid. AIJBAW, Oct. 22.1860. inst.; she brings news of the capture of the City of Hor The walla and basins in front of the city are progress Floor In fair demand and steady. Wheat dull, at 81 30street, they were covered with foam and mu"; one of war; and also the Crusader brings over the crew of the credit to Mr. Charles Neatt, the engineer, who planned for white Michigan, tales 10,000 bosheis. Oats, 86Hc$6X00. Abouttwoo'clock,andwhilethisfirewasragingmitjmight,tbetelegraphgavetbeaarmforanotherfire,and soon arter word came t o t h e Chief Engineer that Mr. P . Cummint's two story dwelltns on St. Cbaria* street, be- tween Pohmnia acd FeHrltv wed, was onfir*,aad tnethe Live Oak contract, the Willet Point purchase, the tbat they were charged with aState prison offeuce, known south side of Cuba, discharged her cargo and set the receive tbe ferry boats now building at tbe Noveltyfraudulent issue of naturalisation papers in Pennsylvania. as grand larceny. They protested against oeiog licked Wcrks, and were it not for tbe confidence la tne agent.Ac., he. Buchanan, he said, was elected by a up, but in vain; tbe joke was too serious a one, aul the stesmer off order a full bead of steam, and holes in br-r Dr. T. Balney, we of Rio would begin to despair of the 51 31,1^(00 bushels white Michigan at SI 60 a SI 65, oi tbe Fire Department was instantly despatched to (bisending to her capture, as well as that of her slaves uuidfd.About130hadchangedbendsbysaleA litt'e incident, giving rise to considerable feelirg, has U e passengers a r e obliged t o leave, one a t a time, by a stained; Canada w**t a t 7 0 ^ c . s n d 7.600 a-whslsUkeD place between the Crusader and a Spanish w»r steam- rickety platform, and o f a windy day the balloons jause Toronto a t PC V ; ; &.9C0 busbeia winter and spring a t 70V ,er. Both vessels wereapproaching, bowson,as the sailors considerable danger. So the sooner we have the nov 4 Ci0 bushels Canada East at 78s. Whiskey: sales260BIFFAI>O, Oct. 22. I860. F'oiiri-rMmand moderate and market steady. Oraln ma/kPt perfectly ila'—not a single sale of either wheat or com bsying taken place today, owing to the retsent ad- vsM-e 'n canal freights, which are st^adv—wheat 20c., was said to bear a close resemblance to Captain Martin's he fed from the cascade which at present sends its stream com Igc. to New York. Imports—6,000 bbls. flour.•.1NEWS FROM MEXICO.S t p - F t l t b a . t e s l a i n HoS Dewal-Th. K. « S3.,**«,.dko.oca MAT t HOB.VS roaBBsrosmarcn. MA*Asmaaa,Oot12,Ms*BHfkttnfng ProspectsefMtramm—He is(ratfaertn*Jlrga af a*4%Jtj0ttfyint) theOUyef sfertje-Orea in***, efa Cmdutta-Gmertd DegcUado in a New Bah- w/f^,fdtnu tn Him-ilexican *\na%uier*ng-GeneralsTsB Oat efPlate, etc, eat ~Th>cess from Mexicotorathermorecheerlagforthe Miissnon party than what hss prevtosnly bass tfvwsess. Be is ttnber so weak as was represented, nor U his eon ditten by any means ** desperate as letters from inter!trading voyage; I did not know any other captain till theday we sailed from Havana; I understood she wsa to goto tbe east coast of Africa sad back; them wsa no partmentioned to which tbe was to retarn; Iamanntlvaof bad but just time to save their lives, appearing to th e quiet and little changed: demand for Isthmus batter ti g reerslts for him la every quarter. Gem. Osstfflo, whoabont $160: insured for $660to tbe New Amsterdam Insu- elect a fusion Senatorfrom California Insecurity of the roads, General DrgoUsdo tost Meats. on shore for seme time; he used to come on board several The progress of the fire w ss stopped at Mr. Flock's is taking such shape that the aucosss of Mr Beecktnridge merchants to collect their fouds aad send the moneyMr. Covode. Tbe stand waa then takenby K. F. Shepard, course But now a unioa bad been again effected, aadwho spoke briefly, confining bin remarks to Mr. Covode's the college was completely organ'./, d in every branch of don ashore; Captain Gordon west on shore, and lived rssce Company. The campaign is progressing vigorously. The canvass or retber to the latter part of August, invited tbe foreignaction tn the laat Congress, especially with reference to instruction. According to Its chartered rtgfate it would h e n c e f o r t h c o n f e r d i p l o m a s u p o n t n o s e s t u d e n t s w h o b a dtbe investigation late the action of tbe administration. passed the uaual course in the medical department. Thew o u l d s e c u r e M r . G w i n ' s r e e l e c t i o n t o t h e A c a t >, a u 1 d< w n i n a c o r d o c a , u n d e r t h e e s c o r t o f t h e l i b e r a l tbls fsot operates very much ajaiDst tbe success «»f tnat troops. Tre proposition wss accepted, sad SI 600,-t i m e s , a n d w h e n t h e v e t s e l w s s r e a d y t o s a i l b e a s k e dlore rarrage heme: there was nootbervesiel on therooaetcoming heme; there were vessels there trading on tbecoast, when tbe Erie sailed she left tbe river and west toset; cne of the men who was sent on board the Mohican, Julius Per«z, scgar dealer; stock taken out. Not to- On the 8th telegraphic communication between Los bring it back. Tbe money was raptored andreturnedta being taken for a passenger, was the person who com- sored.! portanon to tbe medical profession of dignified and gentle- manly conductDr. J. A. Srsvaxs, ex President of the College of Physlctjina and Surgeons, made a short address, in which hecongratulated Coumbia College upon the acquisition of amedical department. He took occasion, also, to dwell neither Gordon, Ball nor myself bad anything to do with by r<moval about $K0 No insuranceupon theimportancetothephysicianofaclassicaledu- brtrglngonboardorkeepingonboard thenegroes;the No. 72—RobertCareen,propertydamaged about$36.but a working man. While at his daily labor he discov- cation.- A knowledge of the dead languages, he main- consignee and his own people brought the negroes on No insurance.•.ordymanifestoes, inwhich beendorses andaaoroves tbe act, and ascumen tbe en;<re rtaponsiblUty. Be savemath taken on board In the Congo; I came on board be- cause I was asked to come home as a passenger; the ne- groes were taken en board at the mouth or the Cosgo;street wore only damaged by the removal of their things. Tne fire did sot reach themline is ito be continued forther east on the Batterfield rout* a«for as tbe company are ab»*.eredthattbeadniinlatratloewascorruptaadrottento tained,wasessentialinallprofessions,andinnonemore boardandkepttbc-mthere;IneversawthenegroesthatT No.72>i—ThomasReeves;damagedabout$26.Noin- TheItalianscfSanFranciscoheldagrandcelebration tbathis countrytoInaterriblytigbtplace;thatahaso than in the medical profession. surscc*.the core As working men they bad no interest in the After a few remarks from Dr. Parker a benediction was know of before they were bought; neither Gordon, Hall No 74 —Jacob Haflftr, cabiret maker; damage by re- on the ftth in boitor of GaribsJ 1 i'e entrance Into Naples.government enless It eeeurcu tbe public good. Theyhad pronounced aad the audience dispersed. ao motive to supnoit an administration one step furthermust ba-re money or prrtab, and that rather nor mytelf exercired any ontrol over the negroes from moval about *26 Insurtd for $300 to tbe Wail Street In- The K-oderlck will, after a long contest to prove it a than see Mexico die ho woold offer himselfthanItsecuredtothemtheblessingsofgoodgovernment. The presentadmiaistrntion had allowed itaageots to rob the pubiio treasury b y induction, under cover o f job s a n d contract*, by the fraudulent sale of public property, such u m tbe ease of tbe rale of fort Sneliitg, Wlllet's Point, aadBonn!os Aldermen.The Board o f Aldermen m e t laat evening, AldermanCornell presiding.A petition from Rev. Dr. Cammlngs, the pastor of 3taSpanishcrewwasshippedorputranboardintheCongo, I never passed by any other name in the United States.Cross-examined—I have no family,am not married; have a mother snd sisters snd brothers, snd these reside in Nova Scotia; they are British subjects; I was also bomFAMIIISMUSPLATFORM—SKOOHPSTORT.John Prentice, segar dealer, &c.; damage about $100.B McDermott and family; loss $160.Mr. Kilroth snd family; lore $160.William liake aad family. loss abont $100.lobn Price and family; totally destroyed; loss aboutthe Pennsylvania Bask By tolerating murderers, stufflag ballot boats,endh as urae proved to have been the Stephen's Roman Catholic church, hi Twenty eighth there; I never resided In the United States; I was sick $200.case under the administration by John Calhoun, rheyattesaptad to sustain t b e administration a n d t h e demo-cratic party b y a hodgo podge system of administeringtbe government, by licoaptontoas, Ored Scottiem, balietboa stamsg, slavery, exwavaeaose aad corruption. Tbe In Eighty eighth street, asking a donation from the cityc-rce. and stayed in ab'tpital in Philadelphia fortwo months. I never claimed to be an American citizen, and never showed my nsme to be put on the shipping articles ssan American citizen; *ben I shipped in England, the r>sme on the stern was the Brie, of Vew York; we tookJcbn Cohen snd family; less about $260. George Swozer and family- loss $300 Gtorge Davis and family; loss $260. Jobn Scofleld aad family; loss $200John D-novan and family\ loss $160. Mrs. Bulk and family; !ost*60.Mrs. Cordon and family; less $160. Mrs. Arnoux and family; loss $160. Mrs Forbes and family; loss $160 WilKamBascom;damagedabout$100.Tbe party were first attacked about fifty miles on tbowest side of Salmon Falls on the 9th of September. Thisattack lasted abont one boar. The Indians then with-drew, snd allowed tbe train to proceed five mites. Toon swing in tbo outside pressure.tbey Brain attacked tbem. Tbe Oaht l**t*d two days aad As I wrot« above, tbe bandit Cajeo, whose careerstreet, asking permission to one a portion of tbe base- meat of that church for a receiving vault, was granted.A petition from the managers of the Magdalen Aiylnm,admtaistraitoa could be convicted upon two criminal to their Institution, was referred to the Finance Com- coal from England to Havana, and landed the London car-statutes oi tbe Slate of New York. First, tbe adminis- go there; we took In a fewvp'anks and beards there, and tration was guilty of false impersonation; and so- mittee used ihem to put up a petition tn the stateroom; wedtdcon >ly, it was guilty of obtaining money under false A petition from tbe Twelfth regiment, asking for drill net use tbem all for that purpose, though, and did not use pretenceaItbadfalseyImpersonatedtbeolddemocratic roomsattbepublicexpense,wasreferredtotheCommit- them tomakeaslavedeckof;tberewasnothe time they came on board till taken by tbe Mohican surance Cnsppany.forgery! bes oeen finally admitted to probate. TbeOregonoverlandmailarrivedatYreka,Northern California yesterday, bringing dates from Vancouver, atown on the Co urobia rfver. fo the 81 inst.Mr. a Scbeiber.bad just arrived at that place, withrews of; tire rxassacre by tbe Snake Indians o'an entire emigrant train, cotisistirjg of 46 persons 19 of whom were men, the balanc* women and children.a sarriflee, cover bis name with odium and disgrace, androbtbe condncta This to htovery idea; that tbe none/ must be taken; that the tak- ing ail! cnif-r Sawisnody w l b rHerraee: and b e voluntari- ly rfters himself to wear tb« sbame. H e adds, however , that be fixes bis eyes on heavni and his oouetry, aad bra«sthat Uin*wUl relieve bim from his self imposed stigma. I tbtik that Pegoba '•> tr»ist b e creav, and that Juartz is vfry nearly so. inr keeping such an old foot where he can do so much darrsae I a m glad t o learn, however, ti.at part part of the money has been refunded,one ntgrH. On the afternoon of the 10<h the Indians abontCMcnabua ass sometbir.g similar totbatofCor-bad possession of tbe whole train, with tbe excep tms in this neighborhood, bas ta'bered about two thou-tion of six men, wbo, beicg mounted, escaped After sand men snd is marching dowi, through the State of Dq.travelling through the wu. .,1s for nto i days these six racgo to art acainst General OiUga, and thus divert theweresgatoattackedandfiveOfthepartykilled Schei- liberalpartyfromaconcentratedattackonthecityofMexico F,e basbrtn raisin* morey by se'zirr at! tbo enrnon bis way and then sellirg It out to tl»e owners. Mexican flran-itring, that.General Vidaurrt b s s withdraws hto treops from taw State ef Tamanlipas, and w e are some what quiet to tola vicinity at presett.Tbe fever is prevsilirg en the coast considerably. It to said tn*be very bad to Timpico Tbls place to healthy.pretends How was it that Mr. Buchanan nal been The report of tbe Committee on Ferries, favoring the groes were being brought on besrd I was ornthe vessel; years put to a declining condition. It is supposedthe States Senate today. There was aomplete fusion of The Legirtatnre of this State to Is session at tbe towaelected? Be had been elected under the plausible doctrine establishment of a ferry from tbe foot of Desoross-os Captain Gordon and Bail were on board whenW negroes owner will now remove the remaining portions aul erect tbe Douglas democrats and republicans Tbe fallowing of Victoria, bet as yet that anncst body has done nothing.popular sovereignty. That doctrine had been pro- The bill of Charles Weigand, for tbe payment of thirty- that time neither Gordon, Hall nor myself were officers or claimed in tbe Cincinnati platform, under which it w u two men for four weeks, for exbusiing bodies in Potter's the ship; I don't know what the captain's name was; Iintended that the people of Kansas should be free to formtheir own domestic institutions and to regulate tlvlr ownaiTalrs. Tie* doctrine waa oldar than tbe constitutionitself, aad tbe power of Congress over the Territories was City Inspector to appoint assistant Health Wardens, at a don't ktow whether there wss a second mate: Antonio, avenue, owned by George M. Moore. Owing to the com- Bulletin of Friday. September 28, arrived here tats morn-Thai at this day a man, dare not declare in Virginia thedemocratic principles s s enunciated by Jefferson, withoutfear ot being charged with exciting to insurrection. Thedemocrats o i t h e present d a y sneered a t the Declarationof Independence. Tae principles of the democratic party to-day could be classed under the beads slavery, ex- of relieving tbe property of the Sisters of Charity, in Helena; we landed spirits, bread and flour; we The whole property belongs to D. F. Manice, and Mr that tbe six men wbo left bn horseback did not leave.The report of the Committee on Assessments, in favorMr. Richardson; damaged about $100.Surely intelligent men could not be deceived the corner of Seventy seventh street and Third avenue, we must ham landed more than fifty boat Utfids: we werelong by this fraud But he had said that to have erected thereon a Hebrew Orphan Asylum, and a quarter of a mile from land; the ncgrovsVoro brooghtthe administration bad obtained goods under false tbe repott was adopted. en board by boats that belonged on snore; While the ne- of tbe Crystal Palace speculation, and has been for some Messrs Bsker and Neswtth were elected to the United the coron arm of Guadalajarawhich ha had pledged himself to maintain, of street, North river, to Jersey Cjty, waa laid over. came on board; I was first officer when we rnjled from wss the vote;—Patter. 26; Neswiih, 27 The greatest Tbe river at this point to very low. Havana; there came on board nearly 900 negroes; bat a'. some^ substantial buildings. The cause of the fire is at anxiety prevailed daring tbe several baltottiogs, becauseField, waa referred to the committee on Lands andI'lacts. The amount of the bill was $797 41. heard him called Manual; he spoke very little EugBsb:present unknown. »FIBpriN'WEST THIRTY-NINTH STREET.on several previous ballots Baker and Nesarlth came witbln one vote of an election€)WT R i o Grande Correspondence. PKOWRBVILLB. Oot 12,1860.m a r k e t .OH TUIRTT SIXTH STREET.No. 70 —first floor, Sophia Wright, property damagedTbe Pladervllle and Salt lake line is atoo progressingeastward irom Carton Valley, another stretch of thirtymiles beyond Miller's station beinr about ready for use tion, immediately issued one of his long winded and Both lines anticipate connectionwith thegreat conti-nental Mses resrntly sotnorifced by Congress..!»>If:itscarlrtors f.yen Fr rMrs. Bullish; damaged about $60. Mrs Nixon; damaged about $126. Mr. FergqsoA; damaged about $60 •Minn's STATKW. Carson Valley, Oct. 10,1860.Alderman TroMiv offered a resolution authorizing the tbe first mate was antonio; beoid not speak Eughsh; I In a row of cow stables to Thirty ninth street, near Tenth Tbe pony express, with St. Louis despatches to tbe Arrival of the Knights of the Golden Cir<^—C%arat*et efalsoaaoldandolderthantheconstitutionBitnowthatsalaryof$8perdayeach,IneverywardIntbecity.thefirstmate,cameoutfromHavana;theotherpower waa denied to it so as to give slavery aa oppor- The resolution was discussed for some time, bat finally men came on board in Congo; some of the bustible character of tbe buildings they were a'l deingaboutthreeo'clock.F i r * as* s w | —BOSTON, Oct 22,A Are in Salem, Sunday morning, destroyed tbe Franktin Building occupied by several stores, the armory oftheSalemCadets,themelodeonmanufactoryofE.F.Ni-theEapediion—Gtn.Bicl\>y—'JauHmtotheKnightsof assthe Golden Cirde Order—Political Matters—Fusionof • Bell emd Douglas Voters, <fc. *!We are just now in receipt of a large number of people)familiarly known to you ss Kntgbts of the Golden Circle. wo They have come from Maryland and Virginia,and their pas appearascecontradictstheiractions,fortbeydolooklikeintelligent men; bat I submit it to you it It to the act ofadopted by n vote of 12 ayes against 4 noes. crew were Americans; J ] the Spanish officers stroyed. Loss about $3,000. Insured for $1,600 in thegave their orders to the crew in Spanish; there waa a Fulton and St. Mark's Insurance companies. Tne cowsAlderman FAUST moved a resolution Increasing the sa- crew offolght Spanish put on board; tbe American crew were all taken out uninjured. Tne flames exiendel to aAbout eight o'clock on Sunday morning a fire broke outtunity of extending Itself, of excluding free men and free iaaor atd tree ieetituttons from the Westarn Territories A new power was to be conferred upon tbe Territories, un- der tbe same of squatter sovereignty. This was the po- litical baby sf 1864 la two years after Its birth tbfsbaby wasconsigned toa bachelor nurse.—JamesBu-chanan. Bat the result of gtrioe: such a weakly babe totbe care of each a nurse soon became manifest. Be couldnot take care of the babe, and be banded it over to theSuprene Court, the majority of which were slaveholders,in whose hands it waa so badly treated and roughlyhandled and mangled, that i t s putative father , Douglas,wouldnotbeabletoidentifyit. TbeSupremeCourtdecided that Congrese bad not power to excludetUvery from tbe Territories, and that the peoplebad BO power to exclude slavery, bat that aslaveholder eoUd take his slaves into any of t h s Territo-ries in spite of tbe people Buchanan well knew what thedec'atonoftbeSupreme Court wooldbe,andbeyielded terday on charge of attempting to kidnap a seamai the Congo—beans, peanuts, sheep, fee; there might England—TheNem Docks—Great Need of New Ferry heart,killinghiminstantly. Themurdererwasarrested. andyettr»rearetobe fornd m*n weakenoughtocon- Iary of Edward Kwtn, tbe Superintendent of StreetIm- provements, from $2,CC0 a year to 88,000Alderman BKADT opposed the resolution, on the groundsalso remained on board; this capuin did not die in Con- go; Hill wss tbe captain that ui -d; Hilt waa captain when lying in tbe Congo; I saw Hill buried; the Spanish captainslaughter bouse adjoining, owned by Michael Uonohue and occupied by Wm. O'Brien. The building was damaged totbeextentof$260. Insured for$800to tbeHanoverthattherewasnojustreasonforthisadditionalexpendi-ture He opposed this on precisely the same grounds took bis place; the American part of tbe crew did duty Insurance Company. Loss on meat about $160; no In-that influenced him to vote in tbe negative on the ques- tion o f appointing t h e assistant Health Wardens. T b e motion was finally carried, however, tbe vote standing 12 tod.A motion to adjourn was now offered, sad it prevaiiei. Folieo Intelligence.ALLEGED ATTKMIT TO KLDJUH A SAILOR —Thomas Hal- den, a somewhat noted character l a t h e sailor boarding house sad shipping business, wsa taken into custody yes-the same as tbe other seamen; the man that spoke Bag- surance. A man named Lawrence Griffin, engaged on the chols, a primary sad a private school, tbe dab rooms, an intelligent man ta be misied by such a humbug aa Gen.lwh 1suppoee guve orders to the American seamen; we premises as a milker, was severely burned aoout bis face Ac. Thaibuilding was valued at $25,000, and insured for B'.ckley, of K G. C. notoriety, a. These men, and £were seized the day after we took the negroes on board; and bands. Be was sent to BeUevne Hospital by officer perhaps hundreds of others In yoar midst and withinthe vetsei was bound for Cnba; going from Bavana to tbecoast Gordon was captain, I was first mate and Hall w a ssecond mate; tbere was no third or other officer; Iwould not know Gordon's handwriting; mywages were to be forty five dollars per month;I was engaged for the vo?age out to tbe coast aad ex- The Legislative Session and Its Acts—Bill in Regard to In Waltham, Sunday night, after a quarrel, Edwardpected to return; I don't know what arrangement was Jcbnson; deliberately stabbed Barney Doberty t o t h e made with Hall; I saw some supplies taken on board in Pvblic Sales of Slaves, dc —Visit of Prince Alfred ofNl>W8 FROM THE PACIFIC.of tfce Pony Bxprea— The Pol1tt- l n Caltforsalat—Election or I nlted States Sonatas* In Oregon- Horrible Ma.isere ofEmigrants byIn-disss-Commercial Affairs, eke., oic £r. .IOSKIii. Oat 21, I960California dates to snd toclndtog the 10th. and Oregon totbe7th,arrivedbyespressthistfternoou.SAU Paaacwco, Oct. 10,1860 Arrived8th,barkMbntforraaa,BordeauxSailed 7th, ship Nonpareil, Falmouth, England; 0th, bark Stetowarder, Cape Town .nominal at 9c ; small rales of |cruabed to the trade at 14c Tbe demand for wheat Is scarcely ss brisk; the lasted. vires from England has checked th* eagerness of buyers, though quotations require no charge. -what is to prevent the church partaans from rallying; their supporters sad creating revolutions Is every State? This la tbe poUey, sad Mtreasontoear,attack upon hto capita] to commence a grand i wbelmirg fight for the camp eqaipage sf htotbe Dooglesites by alleging that tbere is a coalition be- deece o' tbe great moneyed inuresa of tbe nation. It tween tbem and tbe republicans throughout tbe Pacifls being well known that large quantities of money have Stau s, and| that both parties wilt unite next winter to been held back frets ehipmoet abroad on account of theMr.SeheiberIstheonlyonewhoescaped. Hesaysnnttl the Indians bad complete possession of tbe train; andfrontthescreamseftbewomenandchildrenhewuGeneralWell,thebestn.i'.ury mmtoMexico,has quit tbe service of Mi'anror,. having been badly treated by tbe church party. General Cestui > succeeded bim tonight (Friday).*SAvaaaAB, Oct 21,1840.SAUK, Oregon, Oct 2,1860.Momia. Ort 22,1860Cotton—Sales to day 1,200 bales, at lO^c. a lis. for was.enveloped In flames. Tbere was a strong wind o»>w-miidlir-g. Market dull.CHARLKBTOa. Oct. 22, I860. Cotton—Sales 2 2C0 bales. Market firming, and tbe night was bitterly cold; the (Ire roared ia ita furious m'fcbt. and finding an abundance of highly in- flammable material, spread In both directions through the row of brick stores, five in number, destroying tbtm all. It waa with tbe greatest difficulty, working tn nar-EALTIJIORE Oct 22,1860. Flour quiet: Ohio and Howard street are held atabout seo.000, ss follows:—The buildings, belooglM to bushels.-whitestfl fO,red.$1B8. Cornquiet:yellow, valuedatS20.0t0; Weber's stock,valuedatS10.000,oa73c.a78^c;wh|te,71<*.aTjio. Provisionsdull. Coffee l !whichbebadamerenominalinsuranceof$1,000.Widow P.er,enburger s tailoring establishment, lore SSCOO, cover- ed bv insurance; Svlvester A Son's clothing store, loss $8 CC0. u.Mired for $6,000; B. Rowi'skill's clotbint sttire,rately active, sales 6 000 bushels red State at SI 80 a fiamee driving fiercely before the gale. Tbe larger partBoBBmut MronsB Nasa TOSUWASPA-A WoajJt^ THjtoAT «rv —Psrsergers and railroad men from >^•svre Mr. Mara, Receiver, snd Mr. Minot, Superintendent, Northwestern c'nb at SI 14X,1>00 bushes winter red Falls this morning bring tbe tolell'geece tbatalborrtwsnwratog Thesafe waa opened with false keys,aadfromeartoear. ThebodywastakentoRwanda TBS Shipment*—* 700 bbls. Hour, 262.000 bosheis wheat, 8,000 other report is that the deceased was lying soross IMFloor steadyway, and tbe oastle ol Cbapultepee to beingPolitically rmcothly.speakirg,A fusion of tbe Bell and Douglas interests tomaturea r emovirsalongM|MI •"•"fa. J Meanest, Mrs ft H Gcrdy and child. Mr1andchild.MIfVunnRTtvlnr. J.«fimk abar»M.rw www.fultonhistory.com309 South 4th Street Fulton New York. *$*sOLainden-and.3069OnrcrawATi, Oct. 22, I860. Wbeatdull:red,«104aSI06;white,SI12aeither rase a horrible murder h a s bees oosamlttes, son er*L..t..—- -<t Irm-c ••!*•tbe guilty P*rt»«, w» «toubt. phased the * ^ « » •n»,DvevtbeimpressiontothosewhomiebtSodII•_•*** 