 uTKaEsnao FEOM sy.DaMisao.Oatr Porte a at Piatt* Correepaafeaee. rVj»r A»PU»«, »l*.-oh t, I***-fu\*AlUe».tJ ready to ttart **•'";accordinglylbs assuranceyears meantimewithQuid—True? OMIi'dunUn rV»*>w*** 1AgiirtU*yCitK*~Tke r**a .Ya^tU** C^mpanf-ThaMAnca23.—T*e C"*»»i StakMw.Jama*.WiCUm*.—Mr.Taytorhasstakedbischanceofsuccess. Htacharac-perhaps,detectIntome|oftbem tOhovdU likenessesof paceforthemeetingoftheOatventteeaaJTr **on the taternatwaeJ efleirs of the two g >vernment5. IV mThe first t w o acta took place | « n board t h s Simoon steamer, bound on her homeward voyage, with a numbsr*renewedfor o r e in t h elonger,a treatyCompton), a "resident" at several native coart", andtaav2a"Tb<wan MiAOaAl avmi» d«t«al)thatof an Indian district, two old beaux, who perpetually m at 1**••trace or armatcomorning, issued a bench warrant for his arrest. The plate a broad living picture of a phase to modern extat- the nerl Pretident of the United State* than F J ^trial will probably take plam next month, and, erco. Situation* here and there may be farcical and im- Bates. So far a* the question of slavery taeoantra*?probable, but t h e circumstance* amid which tbey arise they are identical ta principle; while Seward a a bZ' as canine exhibitions have become a feature definitely reflect some striking pec lltaritiet of the present eloqoent and able statesman, with a worldwide r « W of metropolitan amusements, tbe "fancy" will day, and arcb» stegists 200 years hence might turn with tion, the Maeouri reprobate is a political fossil, wttiaiiTBEBOBWaVLK BASK CASE.tbtataludtherewaanetatog batdelayandfroerasiton-I tomviction ofthePrtaome«wstoWteaica*, to Conviction af Rtnney, tbe Gift BookTheatrical* Abroad.W W COatKST BT ton. TAYLOJL [From theljondon Times, F e b . 2 4 1POLITICAL INTELLIQENcTccEsp&tiyUgither1 bad anything to do with tb*) people oflion,dayafterdaypassing,untilweeks hadgone before. U»y gotirady to doanything. They are but half nU'/e, and, beakietho Yankee, they area* tbe mail or toytofese besidetherao-jbono. Promyeartoyeartheyvvverti- tertheirbruit*oradoptanyimprovements,totbeirJ modeofHIV,,batliveoaattbae^sjeratton* Uofore themEight Tears Hsurd Labor. • CKITED BTATMI CtBCCTT COURT. BeforeHon.JudgeSmally.edfortaeAlleged Attempt toBribeAid.atename for Mr. TernTaylor's daw piece, the "Overland Route.'' which was brought ewt last night at the Hay- market, Ashipwreckhaaitahutiersa*wella*it*hor-cenelttioaai Union party, at a tata BB•aanl^a!L!l"Ctmrmflat Ifcreraofc to » « fab^idattt*t 0/ ranter £*• ) lived Tb« does weB onoogb, to ter astome oftbeir cha- The Court overruled the objections to the todiotment racterwtVc*areconoeroed,at,termatanoe,theirbotpiUii-.jr/njt and EMigratlm-Ci*** ** P**i- «*«''* ^ ( ty, I W r inherent poUtoneaa, taeto frankBett and atn- rateed by tbeprtooner'a counsel.M jgyav* te me Faetol «ota-r*e fiWi F ^ t ( *f | cerlty , and many ©tier virtoet; hot a* to their Bred na- The Judge In chsrgtng the jury gave % tncolnct historyDlSCBaRGI OF IBB GRAND JURY.MARCH23.—Soon after theopeningoftheCoart,tbeGrand Jury entered with a targe batch of indictments, actual individuals;hta incident' bang laosely together, helKmi*n**-M*§br*Uomsand attain* Oe*raik«, *fc.,dV- | btteo. maolenoe aad tmthrtlineat, It ta apoaiUve mltfor-of the case; tbe evidence clearly shows that the totter containing s note for $3,000, directed to P . A . Williams, wasadvertisedandtokenfromthePostOfOcebytome person; italsoappearedthatsomeone broughtthenote altered from three months to two to Adams' Expresswhich the Foreman handed tothe Clerk, stating that the business before them was finished. The City Judge ob- servedthatasthe Courtwouldbe to session next week, it wss desirable to have the Grand Jury sit till the done oftheterm,andthus expeJite thepublicbusiness;bat u the District Attorney had no other complaints awaiting tbeir action, they were discharged with the thanks ofhas not even attempted to excite an Ordinary dramatic interest, but has almost ottenta-ioutly shown a disregard tor the artifices tbat belong to a well cooatructed ptay. WithallthenaieeUoftomeprologizingdeityinaptayof Euripides,bitpersonagesrecordinsoliloquytbefactathat tbe audience have a right to know, tad an individual, on whomthemainplotchieflydepends,tashown aninstant before tbe fall of the curtain, wtthoot being allowed to utter a syllable.Nothing* regardtoamyfurthermwtattoaatathe ,1 mMill 1*Demiatcahutranspire1skuaI teatwrote jou. la*foveraaamtalpetalofTtaWeverythingtae,atot. Tho p e c e f e i m t o have got Ured of that* repeated revu-Mums and taantraettaae, aad have aetUs-l down to Ukp Wefreeandstay. ShncetbeeeaenstonofGtfrtrdtoths ma1ilTTofthaHayttea*.thePaaatatconiartnolonger toft * «MMt of «%Hr black neighbors, the poUey eft"whcee former ruler, or rather tyrant, waa to tubf »- nm taw DomtoioaM, t a d drift the whites completely bom lata Iauand, In eneaequeaee of thees menaces, tba j.vmaMeaaa ware uader the astimtlrj) nf luirr""—t *""rprepared, aad constantly on MM alert for ths taeertioatale tad alaaaka upon them, by Sjuk*»;te aaltoo ioitowert. Very tew of the Bayttona, however, sym-1MlnUr WfthSomlouqwetahitambitiousschemejofterri-tortal aggran/lT"--"' » « * hta armority being absolute tow any expression of their views on tali paint was ha-1aardoaa to U-extreme. H ie fire yearsthat bad been agreed upon between Saulouqee and ttte D>- aatoicaa authorities expired tott spring, and preparations bad been made by the black Emperor for a renewal of 1 he onslaught a s soon a s the truce woold expire. But tha revctaateo which drove him from power put a naw aspectprospects could n o t b e more flattering. From hundreds o f IU iiiinmtnnnf"-'"—'. " - aegro populace arose and Eastern towns letters are constantly arrlvtDg, bearing care expression to their views and demanded of Gem-aM anxious inquiries concerning route*, outfits, prices, & c ,yte-iretthathewonldnolongerpurse*thepolicyofbis fiomcompaniesandindividual*preparinglorajourneywill ceowubtaoeceed. What this country wants to de mines. It' they get "hard up." it is a resort for them,The accused appears to be a young and respectable looking man, and occupied a seat betide h a counsel, Mr.natty that h e can accept a proffered card. In tbto situation is inimitably droll.Mr. Buckstonevetof* K« eotoeeal resources in mineral, agricultural andaomtuercaj wealth m Yankee enterprise, ingenuity and(Will.It * sarpriaiDg what a change p ibllc aentiment has un-dergone here wtthtn th^ last year, in regard to the United Bantes Through theinfluence of the English, French and Uwicb agent* and merchants, the trade of the United States ta Uua part of the itland haa hitherto bseu in a measureyielding from three to eigbt dollars a day, and is many caaes as high a* twenty dollars. Money there is made easy (or rather a day's hard work yields a good return), and when such is the case it is generally spent -' free and easy," and the easiest mode of making money is generally the one meet eagerly sought.For ayoungmanwboaehabitsinlife arcnotfixed;or,All flirting andbickerings are suddenly cat shor'. by thestatedatsomelengththelawupon which theindictment strikingoffieveeeelonarook,andinuiothird actwo moved bytbeunqualified declarationtbat"inproee**!proecrtoed.England,France,HollandandotherEurop*an tootherwords,teronewhomaybeeasilyledinto fwwert have treaties with Dominica, aad their trade has temptation, It ta no place. Thousand* upon thousands tiiutbeen1roteetcdanifavored,whiletheUnitedStates, willcongregate (herethecoming season from differentfalse pretences.Tbe first witness for tbe prosecution was John Hock, whoright, no one will deny It to tbe free negro or mulatto. GoPREPARCD.—ThedrinkingestabbahmentainCuvie*.having DO treaty with this government, its trade has con-sequently eu tiered b y these discriminations and proscrip-itoua. aad the ruiooas and arbitrary exaciions of thesjDverament officials. JRecent edicts, however, place the nature find free vent. If persons, young, middle aged, or trade of the United States 00 a footing with the moat aged, are making a comfortable hving where they are,Court to say whether the respondent was or was not out at the tlms; it was peculiarly the province of tbe jury; t a d taking all the facts of tbe case they would say whether they believe tbe respondent guilty or not, regardless of the consequences.In answer to counsel, the Judge referred to bis minutes andinstructedthejuryin oneortvopoints. The jury retireda*,half-pasteleveno'clock, andattwelve o'clock entered theoouit with a verdict of guilty.Tbe prisoner received the verdictwithfeelingsof emotion.Tbe Judge said—Gentlemen, y o u will please accept the thanks of the Court for your attention to this long and te- dious case. You are discharged until Monday morning.Mr. Kidgway asked a postponement of the sentence, in order to give time to make a bill of exception*.Tbe Judge refused the motion, as the objections were merely technical. f The prieoner was then asked what be had to say whysentence should not be pronounced against him.Williams replied in an excited manner, and declared bU Innocence before God. Hespoke of histamily difficul- ties,andchargedbawifewithbeinguntruetohim,hav-Savored aatioa*. T h e people o f Dominica are now uni-versal! v favorable t o t h e Y ankees coming among them,a m cuctrUeU b y them, that if ever their country is re-deemed frcm its present waste, It must be dose by the ! than if he had staid at home, a a l followed his legitimate Utrv't and energy of the Yankees. The President and a i avocation But tbe Idea of digging £old from the earth aaamrtty1:'bncounsellors BUSthis aoff tobethecase, itaanenticingone,sadmenwillseekit.andwulneretftcr so modifytbeirpolicyas toUvorthe UponreachingtheMissouririver(thelastprincipaloutmevitable >«'je. Particularly a*.' the north side of the fltlng places tbe emigrant will find in towns along thisTBB TXNNESBZB F K K NE.,RO BTLU—The NaabviUe N,-n Mr. Brady opposed tbe introduction of tba testimony, Mrs. Sebright, when she seems ltkeiy to forget ber absent of the 1stInst, says:—The bill for the expoJtioo of frettlead,raJed theCi^oaregi«n.looksanviou'lyforward lathe day when AngVi American capital, industry and akiiJ will undertake i h ; wo:k of recla ming their country from IUprt«ent deeclation.stream)bemustthenprepareforamonstrousjonrueyof not Itsi than nearly six hundred miles, and make pro vision accordingly. The principal points of start ng from the Missouri river, from whence leave emigrant roads,ontbegroundthattbeprosecutioncouldnotshowsimilar husband"Jack,"wboishwparticularfriend:heisthe personsofcolorfromtbeState,asamendedtatbeSenate, actsthatwerethesubjectofseparateindictment*. mostactiveofallhandswhentbeshipstrikes;heifthe passedtbatbodyandwattransmittedtotbeHouseterJudge Rotsell decioed that under the indictment tbe absolute autocrat of tbe coluny on the reef. Tha penon- concurrence.proposed evidence was admissible, and therefore over- age to not a very thankful one to act, as Tom's qualitiesruled the motion, to which counsel for the defence took rather serve tho purpose of holding the piece together SrsroDED.—Tbe Sonthere Ohio Argus says that a bl* -.k.That guid exists here ic ebandance is beyond all q ies- are Omaha Qty and Council Binds—the former on theMon We have explored up the Oboa and Magm ri.ers,ami a-'mteteverywhere we lr.e-1 » e fouad tha "color."We have taken out, In prospecting alo-ue,and with nothingbat the pto»pecting implements, as hijjh as $1 53 psr d a /1*r hand. That the mjiea were exhaoated by the e u . ; Mo ;Fort Leavenworth, aad Kansas City—each of these Hpaeiards Malia mtsiake. Although the traces of their places, if their own stories are true, is the only placeexception. ValentineYellingsaidthathesawRanney'sadvertise-than tbat of individual display; but to tbe unity of the piece,auciasita,hetoabsolutelyindtopensabe. Tba; so va'nable a gentleman may meet h a deserts, Mr. Cole-republican paper recently started In that section, caltod.State*, eager and anxious only so far at self interest is Involved, and ter from home a n d t h e restraints which surround them at home, all the grosser passions of theirplied to Adolphus Raoney, of 429 Broadway, who agree 1 to pay him $50 per month a n d h a board and travelling f xpenses. Ranney demanded $100 security in advance, which Hock obtained by strenuous exertions, and return- ing to Ranney with tbe required sum; he (Ranney) tried to rend bim to Ohio, butBock very projently refused to go, and on demanding tbe return of h a money Ranney refusec to give ItValentine Yelling was then called by tbe proeecuUng cilice r. for the purpose of showing the felonious intent whichtheaccusedhadInswindling those whosnatched attbebaitwhichwasboldouttothen.tick; Mr. and Mrs Lovibond are a veritable pa r of turtle doves; tbe fire-eating Major ta a poltroon, kicked off the stage for attempting to steal beer:an4 Sir Solomoa, having lost hta artificial teeth, has parted with his identity altogether. It to Every Man to his Humor fallowed by Every Man out of h a Humor.As a kind of guardian genius to the whole party throughout tbe entire course of the p*ece a Tom Dexter (Mr. Charles Matbews|), an adventurer, who has been originally bred a surgeon, and is a perfect master of every usefulaccomplishment;Hejumpsintotbewatertosaves manwhohastumbledOverboard: beguardsthehonorofthat city at tbe time of tbe holding of tbe Democratic Na- tional Convention ihould be made aware o." tha (*.%, aad prepare tbemselvet accordingly.MASSAcm sans a PXNAI COLOVT—A bill ba* been intro- duced in the legislature of Louisiana for tbe transporta- tion of all negroes convicted of capital crimes to tho suie of Manmcbasett*. Tbe bill passed its first reading, a.i was referred to the Committee on Federal Relatione.they nad better let well enough alone; for, although gold exists there and remunerative wages can be made b y hard work, it is notone in ten who will do any betterNebraska side and the latter on the Iowa side (opposite) of the river. Plattsmouth, near the month of tha Platte; Nebraska City, some forty tire milea below here: Brun- ville, some fifteen miles below Nebraska City; St. Joseph,where goods are cheap, where miners' outfits are plenty, and really the only starting point to the mines. Omaha CSty and Council Bluffs, Iowa, are the principal place* northagreed to engage bim toaell books in Pennsylvania, de nan,) whom be bestows upon him lowarda the end of tbe kind eventually. John Brown waa suspended for prac m uin;ng $200 in advance. Yelling bad not so much at his piece, aa a reward for rescuing certain valuable papers tictag it, and here is a newspaper suspended for press- command, butintimated that he could raise $100, aad a* from tbewrecked vettel. The whole conclude* with taethat was satisfactory to Ranaey, he proceeded to the Sav- arrival of a ahrp tbat will take the characters home, aad•Lmnji operations are still vititle in tbeir long b i t almostaauterated tren;h«s, shafts and exj»vati.na, yet theyevHteoUy worked with Little skill and-Vith less know ledget'lauriferousdeposits.Iamsaiiatkdthat,waretnese ofthePlatteriver,andaresituate::attheeasternorMis-aacent -'ciggias" to be worked over again by moiern souri river terminus of the great north of the Platte emi- ing left his heme and deserting her children, the youngestingsBankandinadayortwoafterwardsprocuredtbe iscommandedbynoleasapersonagethauthepreviously money. Ranney then drew up an agreement which Tel- absent "Jack."ing it. COMINGDOWNnSIZE.—TheSt.PaulJKN*«a>£i<t*i;aMillac<lscience,theywould paybetter than ever they didihoeewhon*utworkedthem. Kis.des,theyajemnit tohavet'scedthedepositstotheirsourcesIntieqiar:z taneti ofthe mountains, as the base of almost all theie mountainsisgoldbearingquarugrantroutetoCalifornia,Oregon,Ac;and herealsothe militaryroad start*westward,viaPorts Kearney,Lara- mie, andthence ontothePacific. From Neo.-aska Qty the route i* also good and the placecfwhomwasonlythreeweeksoldatthetime. Hebegted oftbeCourt10suspend sentenceuntilhehadmadesome settlementforhieagedmother,nowonberdeathbad, and histhree children, thrown onthemercy ofthe worlJlingrefueedtosign,whereupontbedefendant refused to returnthemoney. Tbewitness,however, succeeded to inducingRanneytogivehimanotefortheamount,which he presented when itbecame due, when Raaney MidBytbeabove description wo have statedtheplanon whichtheseveralparteorthacuriouspictureareintro- duced,butoftbemeritoftheworkwehaveconvoyeda very slight notion. Thtaconsists Inthelocal color whiJbblack republican daily paper of considerable dim^na^tis formerly,baslosttheStateprinting,and a nosfo.-ced toreduceitssizenearlyonehalf.containsgoodepportunrtieeforoutfittingminers. HewasInnocent;buttbegovernmentshouldhaveasa- Ihe same may be said of Platumoath, F>rt crifice. Tbey ought to be satisfied, for tbey had got five. at a po.it where it pitches over a r<ciy precipice iato a Leavenworth, Pt. Joseph and Kansas City, for The prisoner was proceeding about his wife and familythathewouldnotpayit,andnevermeanttodoso.Oa pervadeatbewhole,andgivestianairofthoroughre-We oommenoed to dam and tiuue the Gboa river M * .ality Tbe actors, save Mr Bucks-one and Mr Comptoa,deep bole below. Wefound by pitUcg lorn a j«de splitat the end, and driving it into the aaacy and gravelly bot-tom, and then withdrawtoi it, that the deposits tlus•iougbt up iu the split were redolent with the mineral,aad that there were evidently in that hole the exuuvilvawns of ages. But onr project w a s abandoned last fall,because we found that we could not depend upon the na-tive labortofinishitbeiorethe wetseason setIn Itisit is me ely a nutter of choice between the n-.rtb ofaffairs, when he was stopped by tbe Court.Tbe Judge, in passitg sentence on the prisoner,said thatbut they arc all well employed for the general effect, while t h e dialogue and t b e details o f t h e action bstocg to tbe sort of life.that ta depicted, and to no other. Nor would thepiece have been nearly to effective If produced at a theatre where decorative art was neglected. Tbe well furnished saloon, ventilated bysquatting na'.ires",tbe quarter deck fairly built upon the stage, the v.sioie ter- rors consequent on the ship's foundering, tbe storehouse on tbe reef, with an hundred little details that give lifeBelow is tbe reply of the Don. Edward Bites to c e i u a interrogatories propounded b y t h e Missouri delegate,- i> the Chicago Convention .—GENTUOIXN—I have received! your letter propounding to mecertain questions, seven Innumber, which you * iu pose will cover most, if not all, of the ground* of coni/o- versy In the approaching Presidential election.ratXIMWARY rxPLANATTCMf.With pleasure Iwill answer your questions. BeforeMBipMaible toget the natives to labor more than aboutonenay cut of three, aad then only a few hours of that day. passing good csmplog places, plenty of water, ti t., forThey are lazy, slow and ineffective. We got out of all about 320 miles, which brings you to Auraria an I Denver patienoe w t h them. cities—the priccip&l ; i m s in the mines—now consolidated.law a that you be imprisoned at hard labor in Sing Stagto give him money in advance, but be was credulous to tbe action of the ptay.enough to believe Ranney's assurances to the contrary, A continued round of applause followed the descent ofsndwentSouth,butsoonreturnedtoNewYorkandde- tbecurtain,aadacallwasraisedfortbeauthor,t>which I,amereprivateman,amcalledupontomakeareaus manded bis $94, which Ranney refused to disgorge, stat-ing tbat b e bad invested it in other business.We notice with pleasure t i e arrival of the gran'te blocks which are to form the pedestal of the bronze status of wbo have boarded tbeir «doubloon* for genera Henry Clay, to be erected to Canal street on tbe 12th of"TM' " ••• •• 11a—•—»Supreme Court.*At tbat time m y position required m e to seek all tot means o f knowledge within m y reach, aod to study to* principles Involved with alltbepower*of mymind,andIconceiving the preject ofimportingorbiildinga cbusetts,ha*arrived,andalreadyagoodlyportionof aaw mill here. The case 1* the same with the othv them, we observe, ta on the spot. So now the work willBeforeHon.JudgeSutherland. THEWAROPTHECOHnODORES.mirable Baucis, a role exact'y suitedtoberre- sources. Her aria di bravura, " o risnto nature,"ta the redeemingfeatureorthethirdact,and,bothlaitscharm- ingthemeandcomplicated roulades,fully displayedber brilliantandcertain execution,which wasrewardedbyhaveindocedmetochange. Tbeexaimreofaagre slavery in c o r country bad ft* beginning in tbe early time cf thecoleny,and wat toopoaed bytbemothercoeotry. •gainstthewillofmostofthecotoaista. Attbeuraeoj tbe Revolution, and long after, it was commonly regarded •s an evil, temporary in its nature, and haeryadaap- Icartotbecourseof time—yet while itcontinued.•»>» fortunetothecountry,sociallyandpolitically. Thuswas 1 tacgbt b y those whoj^ade our government, and neither the n e w light o f modern civilisation nor tbe discovery °- a new system of constitutional law aad metal phiiosephy baaenabledmetodetecttheerroroftbeirteaching.Slaveryaasocialrelation,adomestic taetitatioe. «V"• totheStatesitextetsbythelocaltaw,andtbefederalr> vercmentbasnocontroloveritthere. TheletrHoras, whetheracquiredbyconquestorpeaceableparehate,arecaiea. The price and scarcity of lumber of coarse make every article of furniture exorWtanttr dear, t h e n-xaat chain mil for $5 a piece, t a ordinary tote f £ > ;Tba mlainjr. fraaomaM nr«*- icottpartownedbyuSvto\«alrfJj?Ei »re "°*{or Ofigmaflyallthea«atjral^r,Ji*Uhi w l companies I^SMMtotheS^atab2£rTwhZrIUl ? "»"«*leeefraachtaaatota ratd^TI^,*-°>ak •»»grantaof tiegrantstheirtocahtta*aaa'aaaaaT d"**'.*•*•*•€ingosteadilyanduninteruptedlyon,untilthedayappointed tortbeinaugurationotthestatue.the crown baddisponed in Sta i £ o r mtaiagtadotherfrenchman,rjjttea^**,°LUBHcertaintyattheirplacesofbueiuesa,andappendel to eachcameintheDirectoryatobsfoundthetimeat whichtheycanbesofound. Thecoovenlenca ofthis sjstem inalllargecitiesaapparent;andwesuggestto thecompilersofoojDirectoriestheproprietyofadoptingofitintheshapeofstock,agreeingtopaysomuchof tb .i^«°jernmentloanhimself;thatbetoldtbestockfor$46,000,butneverpaidoffhi*shareofthe toanTwhich hadtoeepaidbyMr.Robertsandbtoattoota'es,inorder todischargetheHen;tadbe(Roberta)*abmU*that-rf the republic these grantsctocrmed, and, descending by1errtasce, are utill bald bytheatomar iftheoriginalproprietor*. IntheOboa regtou.i eat owners of these fraachtaef, with acaroaly a atagtaatTreely givtn a*a carte :oreaadworkthemm**-r_»MJ57—?*Jt;ers and clients, especially to strangers, who are fre-qtiently compelled to mike repeated fruitless calls. by other moneys paid by Mr. Roberta for Mr. Wetmore. heat Italian singers to the world, Medora and L» Grange taw. In connection with tbta point, I am askei towere nurobaa*raitthervencaeveryinformetoa-d^tatbetr-war,?'~*l ,bleaSftSar??S£Fs **&£*""wKJ^ a ,-rdapoaalihetrBMISIsndchart*,uihave » *>me andoaMtrtatio?*aa°b*^5,£"•»«*•«overnmen\i->lectruwtswithca sesatoaofOsemae,ratritnT1va*f»who.«tn<s.,_.Tc.proieeto*t]aratogibeI»armrtTer.ttrlfcrtvyofjtion*tosettlorso*tli^oS?5amta.^^to«pre-emn!t»efibot.jsnowmfulloperation,aaiwehopetogotIt serve(hepea*ofthegreatWestell**»*«,to^X r Deleted beiore the rainy season commences. W o bad Clay, b y wboae 1HARD TIMES INVKXMONT—A letter from Muntpe'ner terminedoneainglepointoflawonly. Thata.tbatS*xt,»•r<~-'ii••-Lfc.stla-retoergaco banc*, provide'Impte- fit* aa<i .ay in a rwk cf prcr.«:ons,and have rjxit a.mt«t two ws»*g J> gettng earquencea,tbattbegreatbulkofthedairyprodnctaofall tbtasectionoftheState,arcnowonband;buttheymattof the owners willthe Platte route and those south of the Platteleading westward from here is a little t h e nearest.here to Fort Kearney tbe distance Is 217 miles, a n l here the emigrant finds meeting the road from riittimiath, 240 miles, the road from Nebraska City, 250 miios; theroadfrom St.Joseph,290miles, and thi readfromS'~ Laven »ortb, 300 milts from the Missouri river. From Fort Kearney the road runs a! .-ng the south side of the Platte,for Ibe term of eight years. Thenativewomengatherconsiderablequantitiesofthe Thejourneyismonotonous,tediousaadtlresime.Im- Theprironerwasremoved.doing so, allow m e to glance at the-pecuhar circumsWac* in which I am placed, and tbe strangeness of the fact inv.froid in the streams. After a heavy rain they are seengoing along the little brooks and rivulets, turning u p t h estones, gathering the sand from the rooky ere-vices and from be!»:w the stones over whichit washes, and then washing out the gold particlesin wooden bowls. They a!' Live jewelry and trinkets, convenient camping place being round, a corral, or part ofbad been requested b y Mr. Taylor to state that b e was notshades of private hfe aad place m e at the bead of the a* tion. I came to this frontier in m y youth, and setUed a St Louie when it wat a mere village. Allmy manhood his been spent ta Missouri, and during all this time I bireseme c'. very great value, rudely maiufactured out oftea native gold, gathered by themselves, and which theywear upon their persons. B it to get the native men totabor tj !•• •mst.cauy iu mining is utterly impossible. Tneyaaake Lothing of time and taze no thought for the marrow. Tcey cultivate a few plantains and a little corn, and and drink their coffee. Ihe Un plates and cups are thencomique " Philemon et Baucis," composed, as a one ac:opera, for Baden, and now extended into three acts forParto—an amplifisation which will not add to the reputation acquired for M. Gouno'i b y hta " Medecin Malg-eLni," add especially b y his last opera" Fans'." The 11bretto of " Philemon et Ba x a is a travestie, by Utserg. have beid no political cfliee. and sought none for morewashed and put away for morning use. Then, in groups, they gatcer around tbe flree, listening to some well told j a m , and, perchaice, have some music. It U no uncom- monthingtosestbtsehardyfellow*,inreddaunelshirts,NEW YORK BjOtALD, SATURDAY,I24, 1860.-TRH?L1 S COURTOi?GENERALSESSIONS.Thetitle••HomersofaShipwreck"prefixed toaeome- Swlndler—Mclntyre auadTacker Iadtct- ij wealdtookoddlyenough,bithwouldbeno taapproprifeaaaawsiT-adeisverydonatthlt portaow. Taere a atpre- ter.t no American vettel in «iVharbor, bnt Uw JohnBut- awrtaexpectedhero toon ttomj^rft-**?TM" d rootbt oTtbt nortb ttaVof tbe tataad It wt* « P « t e dwould maTertally tojure the fin* tobaaoo crop of tbe year, unless wegetrata very thortly.Ttt«Plate'aPeak«oidRetjlo** OCB N«BBAS«A COaaafiFONDKNCB.December, to entirely for the Jury. The Court ITU raw's Peak G«U £Ugum-A VadelUam. for Bold then reviewed the testimony which identifle s tba de- fendant as having obtained letters addressed to other parties than himselfj Mrs. McMenomy states that aba re- quested him to call op. one occasion for t a advertised tot- ter for her daughter,but that, for some reason or another, be did not get it, and she procured it from another source. The anticipated emigratloa to the gold region on the Tbe government contends that the defendant should hartOMAauQTY,X.T., March •, 1890.poem; neither ta Mr. Tom Taylor to be reprehended be- M*>rtty,OverFott*rlwk*. mlanl . a t t a i n a - ? ! Among the indigtments was one charging James cause be haswritten a work in dialogue without a sus- by 1,500majority. InlM2 be beat Keodriok. what!Mclaughlin with instigating a dog fight It will be re- tained dramatic interest, when a decidedly non-dramatis M M majority, tad ta 18S8 be anoeeeded by JJa^ZalL -Seekm-Jhetaming to Camp Life-MachineryMine*—Grand Musk Expected Oat Spring, dV.Routa-OutjilPer-jroverthe oombtoed rota of ut.wtag J iard which, if followed, woold have rendered t b e author's PKFla* Srwikpre BATB?-The Atlanta (Qa.) gbuftemintention impossible. W e care no more for the fate ofany one of his characters, than we do for tbe future Confedemcp, am oltrt pro-ttavery nreaattag organwent of us some 660 miles—familiarly known as "Pike's Peak"— will doubtteat exceed, during t h e comlngaeaBon, that of any previoua emigration"westward. Even now, from the western part of Iowa, and from this Territory and Kauris, the start Is being made b y those who are wil- ling to undergo the hardships attendant upan days' travel and night*' bivouac upon our plain* next month. I speak of an immense emigration thither as a certainty; for during the past s i x month* there ha* been scarce a discouragingword sent back from there; on the contrary, the miningshown that he bad been requested byother parties to call for ihelr letters; a n d that if the letter procured from t h e Post OfficewasnottheoneaddressedtoF.A.Williams,Itwas important that the defendant should have shown that he was at that time authorized by some other person of the name of Williams to call for a letter. In the absence of tuch testimony, there is a strong presumption against h is being able to do so. With regard to the witnesses having on a former occasion Identified Henry Williams, and o n tbe present trial identifying the defendant, was a matter for the jury to s a y o n which occasion they were correct, or whether they were mtetaken in both cases, and that the govertment have not yet got the right man. Taking this evidence as it stands, with the previous mistake, tha jury would say whether this respondent is tbe man. If, how-was compelled by statute to grant the motion, he ordereda new bill to be found, and when It was presented thiBcareer of tbepersona wbo figure to Mr. Friths "Derby Day;" b u t w e are—or ought t o be—content to contem-WewouldathousandtimetratherteeWmHs»«,.•and Goteral Ftatom Require* to Work themembered that when the defendant was brought to trial interest was his aim. The -Overland Route ' a , perhaps,T ie one FromIhe Court fully concurred in the verdict of the jury. Indeed,hedidnotseehow,consistentlywiththeiroaths,and the evidence, they could have done otherwise thanconvict him. Tbe manner in which the crime was com-mitted showed great deliberation, a n d skilful scheming.The prisoner h a d been ably defended b y counsel; but t h ejury were convinced of his guilt, and the Court concurred and receive the money on the spit MiGovern veryin the conclusion tbey had come to. The sentence of the truly observed that the people would not be very likely to every scene, may be regarded as invaluable adjunctsmediately upon leaving the Missouri river trains are form- CHARGE OF MURDER ON THE HIGH SEAS.ed, composed offrom tentothirty or forty wagons, with Edmond B Mallet, master of tbe ship Johu Cottle,was probably three men to each wagon. They selecta captain, arraigned for the murder of John H Perry, mate of theMr. Buckstone comically responded by confessing tbat be and explanations witn any view to take me from theand tbe trains band together, move together, camp together, snd, if needs be, fight together. At night, or about sunset, avessel, and pleaded not guilty. Remanded. CHARGE OF REVOLT AT SEA.Henry Johnson, and four others of the crew of the brig Huniniing Bird, were arraigned, and pleaded not guilty to a charge of revolt. Remanded.8ENTINCKD TO 8IXG SING FOR FIVE TEARS. JobaW. Curtis, a miserably clAd young man, convicted[From Galignani's Messenger, Feb. 29 )Tbe novelty of tbe week ha* been M. Gounod's opera followed a profession which left my character and eooduita circle of tbe wagons, is f<Tined; a porttan of the men attrnd to tbe feeding of their stock, a portion carry the wood and water, and a portion attend to the culinary de- partment, and in small menses about dark, around tbeir camp flree, ibey gather endesttheir bacon ani bljoiittbeschoolhousewascalledintotbeyardbyasonofthe janitor to aisist him In washing out the yard"; that the d e - fendantsawhimthereandtook him bytbecollarofhajacket,walked htmtotbefrontdoor oftbesohoolhoustMr.Bart,tbesculptor,towbo*egeatawweareindebtedfortbeaucceetfulexecutionofthanobleworkofart,isin floghim;thistheboyrefusedtocomplywith,andascuffle ourcity,attheStCfiartesHotel. Ittalitthathashould ensued. duringwhichthedefendant pulled thecoatand see tbe crowning of Lis magnum opus; and It w.li be a n > shirt off the boy and left him for gone time In the street table ac<linterestingfeatureoftheprogrammeoftheday,MARCH 23—Prosper M Wetmjre tu. Manualand oOiers.-lD tbta case anordertoahowcausewhyaninjunction should netissue,wasserved on Mr.Robert*andothers,andtodayitcameupforhearing Itappearatbat Mr.Wetmorewaa appointed byGeorgeLaw,MO. heartyandwelldeservedapplause. Batailledidnotshine RobertaandMr.Mclivain,asttrusteetoholdamortgage byanymean*inthepartofJupiter;b'sbesteffortwas, en the steamers Ohio and Georgia, to secure the payment perhaps, bis doet with Baucis, "Relevezvoit." Thethatbeisaparticipantintheceremonies. These,welearn,aretobeef themostimposingcharac-ter. Ihetrade*andhandicraft*willtarnoutsi.-oa«,'with appropriate emblems;theFire Departmentwilltakean activepartintbeparade;themilitary,ofcourse,willbe outtaforce;thecivicportionoftheprosessionwillbefull and conspicuous, themembers oitheOrder of Free-kndcess. tig.Thejuryfoundaverdictof $200fortbeplain-aaaaan?2J*!& fN^aanfJaT. Overall haa been selectfirst—Wetmorehasnorightto ask tor a commission a to N ew York. If merchants and prrf.-asioaal m en •gainst h a partner*—himself having got part of theay. We hear also of other'scoetso- **•*es tae day.money.m o r , w*herotae»«enhe7iS£, J.B«U«atarlf *Uud*.c r 18"J>oTKaatueJrv-STn *»thememoryofHenrySecond—That, If be h u a right to it,he has been paid Tacon.many timetoverbytbe$46,000 he receive1,aswelian AtBuenosAyrestoJanuarylast theyhadthreeoftbe» diptasnac, Mmfreo naSXLi river,without anyope,^cta<«?*«a,Dectatonreserved. ^^TAXoNDnqiwms,— A bill has been Introduced into the farmer*, wbo *eem to think prices moat rite. Tne 'Company,tobetransmittedtotheNorwalkBank;M hasbeen proved that the letter containing the note for 0,000was Bentto Norwalk; it is very probable that It was thesame person wbo took thenote from the Post Officewho broughtittoAdams'express, andthequestionwhether thepersonwholeftthenoloatAdams'expresswastbe tbeCourtTheabove remarks maytooklikea longcensure:batsame person wbo called and got tbe money on the fflthINTERESTING TO THS TOOPRIROXS OT CANTS! PCGIUST3.on the conduct of tbe government in not procuring tbe at-and the other for a misdemeanor. A warrant for the ar-•'?-*lignandbickerwitheachother. Each of these gentle-between thetwogovernmenta. When itisun- tains,orwhataretermed"quart*leads,'hencere- walkBank;buttbeseconsiderationsshouldhaveverylit- andplacedinthehandsofoneoftheofficersoftheCourt, men,itshouldbeobserved,aacharacter. SirSolomon passedbytbeLcgatatareoftbatState,asbeforeat- quiring machinery and capital to succeed to any tle weight with the jiry in coming to a conclusion p to is finical, affected and loquacious, and very fond of da- nouBced, entirely upon the groani that it is in cootravca.•f amity andcommerceweuld be concludedtendanceofHenryWilliams,and Mr.B)xbyof theNor-restofMessrs Mclntyre&Tuckerwasimmediatelyissueda n d r e v o l u t i o n * i n D o m i n i c a f o r t h e l a s t t e n y e a r s h i r e keen fomented and instigated b y t h e secret influenci a n d •sp.omacy of Soutouqu*. you will readily conceive what a scarceoftroubleisheregotridof.You will, perhaps, have heard by this time that a pro ject • now on foot here by a Baltimore company to navi- •am with steamers the Tuna river, which ritrs h'.gi up mtheOboamountains,andCowingeastwardtnrou^bthe « Royal Pkains,"' empties Into the far famel B»y of duna-aa Thoseplains,lyingbetweenthenorthernandmidlia tange of me-jntains, are, perhaps, the most fertile iistrist * the *orki. They are about one hundred and •fty nules long, a n d vary in width from tetw tof-wty miies, and are proverbially healthy. Were they reitled b y a n energetic and indusarious population, their products JI tobacco, sugar, coffee, Indigo, cocoa, & c, weuMbeimmense. Theyarevarysparselysettlednaw, and thieiiy made use of lor grexing purpose* Toe agent* •( the company are now a t S t Domingo City, endeavoring in secure a grant from the government of the privilege of navigating tne Yuna, and irom present indications theyp a n i e s o f 2 0 , SO o r 4 0 t o i n v e s t t b e i r s u r p l u s m e a n s i n c l a i m t h a t p r e v i o u s t o t h i s t r a n s a c t i o n t h e d e f e n d a n t w a s t y r e , w b o , w h e n i n f o r m e d o f t h e c h a r g e a g a i n s t h i m , d i s p e n s a b l e t o h i s a r t i c u l a t i o n ; M r . C o l e p e p p e r , o n t h e and extracting therefrom the gold. I think it may ba band, the respondent claims that he had money previous ment. Mr. Gurshin Cohen, of 106 Sullivan street, one of pride to the soundness of hta constitution. Thesettys:— Inthesecondsectioncfarticle8,Conatitatlonoftbaof passing counterfeit money, knowing It to be Bujsh, was common law. Be was followed by air. Braly, on sentenced to five years' imprisonment at hard labor la the atiict meacingg * n d scope of the act of 1863, Sing Sing. which related to mock auctions a n d gross frauds.open to the observation of society; and while ft has be«a my constant habit freely to express m y opinion of public measures and public men. the people of Missouri, of all parties, will bear m e witness that I have n*ver obtrusive ly thrcst myself forward in pursuit of oflictal hoeor* Itheae. trgether with the wild bo^s and cattle which rangem immense herds upen the.s»vannahs and mountains,said the superabundant fruits of the island, support themmcomparativeidlenessandease;consequently,sofarastheir living is concerned, they have fow cares. This, how- pants stowed .aside their boots, slouch ban, and a revol-ever, applies only to the country people. In the towa* ver and knife stuck in their girdles, ind iJging ia cotillons pleaded guilty to a charge of stealing letters from the false weights, kc , but did net embrace private cheats, when Messrs. Jupiter and Vulcan enter, disguised as pea- candidate. Then followed m y nominaum by a CWVM- aad villages there are torn? mechanics and traderswho and akzts upon the prairie sea. Taking it all together, letter boxes attached to the tamp post*, was asked what men as was charged against tbe defendant Mr BradyTbe prisoner, on being removed, said, "I'll be used toIt The F/Etetuie provided that a misdemeanor at com- by that lime." mon law w t s punishable as a felony. The cjiinwl main- ANOTHERSENTENCEFORSTEALINGLETTERS. tainedthatamisdemeanoratcommonlawonlyrelatedto Daniel H Palmer, a genteel looking young man, who public frauds, such as rrmck auctions, having and usingBarbier and Carre, of the Ovid tan story, and is worthy than twenty-five years, I'nder these circuasuoces I of their other eflorta. W e arertctroJuced to the old confess the gratification which I feel in receiving the re couple, whose connubial ftli."ty haa yielded neither to cent manifestations of tbe respect anicufideece ofmy •ge orpoverty, andwhoareapparentlyapendingthe fel.cw citizens. First, theopposition members ofthe evening of a stormy Mardi-Grat before their scanty flre. Missouri Legislature declared their preference for m.- u ssants, and are received with such earnest hospitality tion composed of all tbe elements of tbe oppositMo -a aiethargic,quietanddocilepeople,theyareneverthelessforgettingthehardship*,thereismuchtocijoyiathisbehadtosaywhysentenceshouldnotbepasseduponmaintainedthattherewasafatildefectintheinlictment,thatthegratifiedDeityresolvestograntany thisStateAndnow,therepublicansofMissouri,atoffgive some show of thrift and prosperity to them Althoughfree and easy camp life on the frontier.Sleeted aad excited upon witnessing anyenterprise goiog Very many reach the Missouri river. th?re intending to >r ward among them b y foreigners purchase their outfits. To such a list of prices, Ac., mighthim. *Palmer replied that bo had to say,that be was guilty efwhich charged that the Cefeouaet maae false representa- favor which the ola people most desire, but is separate Convention Just held in St Loom. h*r#rea/!irn*'1the ofl'ence, and h e was truly sorry for i t When h e w a s Underthenewtarilladjustment allagricultural impls- notherecomeamiss. Forfourmentheteams(oxen)aad caughthecon'essedit,andrelinquishedeverythingtothetions, when itwas not shown tbat what he sail was not true.surprised to find kthey really? have no» wtah u n - tbe nomination .and proposed, b y their delegates, to pre gratified—they are perfectly" contented with their sent m e to the Nationsi Convention, sow to be hell at happy poverty. At last Mme Baud* avows, in very Chicago, as a candidate for the first office inthe aatioa.Mr.dtedgwickreplied,remarkingthat thesimpleques-BnenU", machinery, mechanics' tools, &c, are almittel implements will not, or ought not, to exceed $140,aod Post office, even $74 or his own. He had been tempted tion at issue was the canetructiou of the words of a sta- pretty "couplets," that she wouli not object to de re" Tbese various demonstrations in my own Sate are«Uityfre«,andwhenititrememberedthatthere isnota proviekms fortixmonths torthefour,notover$175. tousethekeyoftheboxes when Intheemployoftba tute. Hemaintained tbatihostatuteof1863wasmeant Stored,withherhusband,toyouthjtand Ibis giftJupiter doublygratifyingtome,becausetheyaffordtheatrottrot aaw mill in the republic, while the mountains and plains Three yoke of- cattle, wsgon and cover, ought not to ex- contractor. It was b a first offence; and be hoped that his to enlarge the taw against false pretences, and under it resolves to bestow. Vulcan, who aaaT assumed the per- proof tl at m y name has been put forward onlyta a spiritare covered with the most magnificent forests of mtho ceed, according to present prices, $200; then, with yokei, previous good character and b a wifo and children would tbe indictment was good. fect similitude of a Parisian charbonnier, expressea his of harmony and peace, a n l with a hope of prevent ng all gany,pine,satin,fusticandothervaluabletimber,itischains,blankets,pick*,shovels,axes,goldpans,nottomakesomeconsiderationInthemindoftheCourtIfJudgeRusselldecidedthattheallegederrorintheIn-disapprovalofthewholeproceedingtolanguagede-divisionandcontroversyamongthosewho,fortheirown surprising that no enterprising Yankee bat yet undertaken exceed $^0. Here, then, are the teams and implements. judgment wane suspended he would promise to leave the dictment wag only clerical, and did hot effect it* validity cidedly not Olympian/and coarse allusion* to Venus, both safety and the public good, ought to be salted in their the mpcrtaticn and establishment of a sawmill m sone l.OlO lb*, of flour, 400 ibs of bacon, 100 lbs. of dried beefef the districts near the principal cities. Tno lumber fOlbs. f a t . 50 lbs eolTeO, 8 lbs. tea, 260 lbs sugar, 30country and lead a holy and righteous life elsewhere. and he further held that the law of 1853 applied to the The Judge, in passing sentence, said that Palmer h a d case under consideration. H is Honor Intimated thatby himself and Jupiter, form the '.-omique of the piece. A riotous bacchanalian Jet- in a temple ot Jupiter, the destruction of the profaners by tneoffended deity (whoaction.For all this I am deeply grateful, and as far as coecer»sased at Port au Platte, Santiago. Levega, Ootuy. t c . , b uas be brought at great cost from the States, and sells atthese cities at from ffiO to $100 per thousand feet. Neither• there a grist mill on the Spanish part of the island.The people grind their corn by hand mills or poind it ina sort or mortar, while the corn in the ear sel s at fromSI 50to$2per barrel, andwhen ground from IStoiiolbs. rice, 160 Ibs. beans, 60 10*. dried fruit, 6 lbn. peppe-, 8lbs.tcda,6lbscreamtartar,25lbs.soap, 25Ibs.gun powder, 50 lbs. lead, 2.CO0 gun cape, 4 gallons vinegar, 4 do. pickleg, 6 d o . brandy, matches, oolfee mill, frying pan, Dutch oven, camp kettles, tin plates, knives a o d forks, spoons, butcher Knives, ka , will constitute the sum total ot the provision department, In value amounting to about $175, which, with the teams and Implements, cost-been indicted for stealing letters from the Post Office, and had pleaded guilty, thus saving time and expense to the jrovei nmelit Your caie a one which appeals to the sym- pathy of the Court; you ask that sentence be suspended, but there is no pardoning power in the Court—that be- longs to another power. But wo have a discretion,and we are disposed to be lenient. The highest penalty award-counsel for the defence would have the benefit of an ap- peal to a higher tribunal.The case WM submitted to the jury under the charge of the CourtThe City Judge instructed the jury that the evidence other frauds beside t h e o n e under investigation waa permitted for tbe purpose of establishing theme personally, I must declare, ta simple truth, that if the atterwards converts tbe temple into a dwelling for tbe re movement go no farther, aod produce no personal resort*,per aarrel, in the principal cities. A tew thousandccilart jmated in a taw and grist mill in the ing about $515 to $.r)20, and four m^n are suppl'ed forsix ed for the ©fltnee a ten years' imprisonment—the lowest guilty intent, but they were not to prejudice their mlnIstatwo years. The eentence of theCourt is,that-you be Imprisoned for two years and six months.Tbe Court adjourned to Monday, when it will b e opaned by Judge Betta. Judge Smally leave* town, but will re- turn to lake up the calendar on the first Tuesday In April.Marine Coart.Before Hon. Judge Alker and t Jury. WHIPPING BT A SCHOOLMASTER.March 23—James Donohoe vt. Euphrates Hirst— This actionwssbroughtbyJamesDonohoe,aladfifteenyearg old, by ha father, Thomas Donohoe, as bis guardtao, agtinst Euphrates Hirst, the principal teacher In Ward School No. 18, Nineteenth ward. It appeared that the boy had formerly attended the school snd b a d been e x - pelled by the defendant some eight months ago for ne-bona,livingonIntheancientstyle,withoutever .April.TheshipMilton,whichbroughtthemfromMaaaa glect;thatentbeSlstofJanuarylasttbeboyonparetnrneighborhood of Santiago, for instance, would pxj months. The weight cf your loai, this estimated, willtbe prosecution, if t b e jnr7 believed that Ranney perpe- trated a gross fraud o r cheat upon t b e complainant, h i was guilty according to the provisions of the act, which was discussed at length by tne counsel. If the acjused had nottheintentiontodefraud,itwasthedutyofthejury to acquit him.Ihe jury deliberated for a few momenta, and, without leaving their seats, returned a verdict o f guilty.Mr. Brady rose a n d stated tbat b e proposed to file a bill of exceptions as soon as it cmld be preparedOn motion of the District Attorney, Mr. Ranney who Lad been on bail, was committed to tbe city prison''the proprietor immense revenues per year. It could b e landed a t Monte Chrtoti, from whence there it a nearly level road nod good carriage all the wayuptheYsque toSantiago. Thelumber could ba oatanarafteddowntoSantiaga,ontheOboaandYaqns rtvera. There la a little lumber tawed at Santiago oy hand, at a coat of eighty etaa per eat of tea feet. laconsequence of UM scarcity and cost of tawed timber, the tahahTtaabi bmiid their floors o t flags a n d brick, a n d roof theirbooaaawiththepate tea?. Thosewhoareableto aflerd R.however, fl»r and roof,aad build of lumbar. A sawmill and a lumber yard here would be a mine of wealth. There are a Bomber of rich merchants, and tradert and families, hereditarily rich, la the place,not exceed 2.5C0 lb s , including a tow e t ceteras and three yoke of cattle to haul it.Preparations are constantly goiog on around us for an early start to the Pike's Peak gold mines. Thousands will start) s o a* to croaa the stream* upon the ice, and in ad vaace of the tpring freshets. Merchant* are busy in making preparations for the emigration, »nd in the im- mense spring rush thither a -'g?od time'' is anticipated.The Clay Statue 1st N e w Orleans [From the New Orleans Picayune, March 1 8 ]constancy, and the "happy pair" arc finally left happy to the undhturbed enjoyment of their recovered voutb. The matic, like most of M. Gounod's, bat an antique*ra- emessofstylewhich,though sometimes verging onthe "roococo," gives rigor a n d originality t o muUvi that would b e tame If lee* tkilfully handled. Tbe overture ta a charming page of instrumentation, snd tbe opening duetn B flat between Philemon a n d Bauc.s isalao very plea*ing, and is followed by a chorus behind the scenes, inwhich a curious and piquant effect to produced b y tbaclever employment o f the pianoforte. Indeed, t h e entireact abounds in effective instrumentation, with manycharming themes, but tbe second a n d third acta a r e n o twell sustained, and excite t h e hearer's regret tbat t b eopera should bare been extended beyond t w o , a ttbemostMme.MiolanCarvalhomakesanad- arrivedattheconclusion*whichnosubaeqoeitereateandthentold himhewas goiogtotakehimupstairsandwhen a neighboring woman sentacoattocover liana'o tbegovernment of $290,000 advancod by ths govern- menttothecontractor*in 1849,toaidintheconatractton of tboreveetete; andbe (Mr.W) claimsthathetoee7 titledtoacommissionontbemoneyadvancedbv thero- veroment Thetffldavitof Mr.RobertashowathaiMr Wetmorehimselfwasoneofthecontractorstobuildthe' ahips;tbatthemoneywasborrowedbyalltbepartiesin-ether charactera were sustained by Mile. Faure,Md. FromantaadBelanque. Tnewhnlo operawasmuchap- plaudedontbe first representation, wh'ch must bere- ceived,however,with soma allowance, leavingtbefact thatItcootainasamertry pleatingmuetc,butnothingto comparewithM Gounod'*militarychorusto"Faust" Tbeintroductiontothesecondacttanightlyencored, here,andthroughout tbeochestra playing;namannerBINTSTODIRECTORYPmiwHERs.—A custom prevaTsin tbeleadingcitiesofGermanyformerchants,lawyers physiciansandotherprofessionalmentosatapartacer-rJMcneimbeftteproomea. n a m t t r a t t a ^ ^ ^ I H masons, from all part* of Louisiana, will gather upon the tain portion of every day when they can be louil with cluding Wetmore; mat Wetmore himself received $15,000 tbat reflect* great credit on the conductor and the fubject and subordinate, not sovereign, Hke tbe States.tadinheritableSheotherprel>*r^aadta£2iil£,*,,teoccasion,andtheKnight*templar,withtheirauperb military costume, will forthe first time in tbe Southwest makeagrandputlicparadeonthatday.80for,alltbearrangements bare been made with 22«Jatswa*Biaadgoodtaste. Attbeuncoveringofthe •*•'•£J*•12thofApril,thebirthdayofHenryClay, iSL « w •*proaooaosd byoureloquentlelloe-would fix a certain interval every day to recslve bustaess which.^rrf^^^occetion, musical aniother,to callsitwouldproveavastsaving"oftimetotheircustom-theatre. •Mr.Mr.E.T.Smithbaeobtainedtnewleaseofber M*>8ty'•theatretorteres,fourteenortwent•oneyears atbemayelectMissDolby,thewellknownEnglishsinger,'•«nowMa- dameSeniumDolby.Votetdnl, the toner, and bit wife, a well known prim j donna, have arrived at Havana, and will ting at theTbenationissupremeovertbem,andthenationalgo**"V meet ba* the power topermit or forbid tlavery wifb.* tbem. Entertainingtheseviews,IamopposedtoIn*ex tensionofslavery,andia myopinion thespiritaaithe policyoftbegovernmentougbttobeagainstlaextension 2D—noesTBEcoNSTrrrnojiCARRYELAVKBYWTOma «*»-TORII-5f1 answer No' Tbe conetitution of tbe United States doernot carry slavery into tbe Territortos. With moeb more showofreasonmayitbe1uidtbatitcarriesslaveryinto til tbe State*. But it don not carry slavery anywhew- It onlyactt upon it where itaestablishedbytbe1<>Countrymerchantsgenerallydesiretoseetheprinci-pals o f t h e establishments with which tbey trade bsfore,maktagtheirpurchases;bet,fromtheuncertaintyofraiding themtihame,theyareoftensubjecttogreatdis-appointmenttadtonoftime. ByinsertingafteretchadereaatotheDirectorythebooratwhichtheycanbefound, this difficulty would beobviated. ItwouldnotUntitled Documentoccupy one fourth of a line to do tha—say: "From nine Tennessee Legtatatare to tax eatable drummers and marto eleven," or"fromtwotowar,"oranyotherconve- ,primedeaae,andMiratetenor.BiAdy,die.BeforeHon.JudgeRussell. rors,andIttaontheminuterepresentationofthesethatItf^tje*ef 1saf Ji?i•hifraI3 25the other day, h a counsel discovered one or two flaw* toit, a n d , b y interposing technicalceeded in bismotion to qatsh itlegal objections, suc- Although Jadge Rassel1be on band in fall force, and will, no doubt, secure tbe services of a " brilliant array of counsel" to protect tbeir right*.n'lNTTRE AND TTCrTKR nrDICTEDTORAN ALTJgOKD 1TTKMTT TOBRIBE ALl'KRMA.V BRADY.profit to the "Overland R>ute," as now existing Oldbucks peruse the "B&rthotomew Fair" of Ben Johnson—an au- thor with whom Mr. Taylor has some qualities in common, especially the tendency to tslect "humors'' rather than humanities assubjects forcomic treatment.the first element of etatetmanshlp ta bis eamposWea- Zm he has all the elements of strength, claimed for him b . the New York Tribune. H e ta a Southern man b y biii living In a stave State, and holding to the principle 0:uJ wilmct arovao with regard to slavery in the TorrhorW Thta a t h e cardinal principle o f black repubboanaaw •opposition to the extension of slavery ta tbe Ttrrlu riet." W e come, then, to tbe concision that the bt» * republican nomination for the Presidency Bet set***. Wm. H. Seward aad Edward Bates; tbe latter has tV 1* sidetrack. BatgivetatbeableanddattogutabedIU±tarjatt•ttvThe Grand Jury also Indicted Wm. N. Mclatyre of pascengers from the East Indies. Prominent am »ng ever, they believe tbe witnesses for the government on and Joseph C. Talker, of the Daily Newt, for at- tbem is Mrs. Sebright (Mrs. Charles Mathews), a dash/ngthe present trial, then there was strong proof that t b e r e -spondent a the person who obtained the letter from the tempting to bribe Alderman Brady, w h o , It is alleged, married tody,who allows herself to be mistaken for aPost Office and subsequently received the money from was approached by the defendants in order to se- widow, that she may have m^re attention from the genAdams' Express. The defendant's counsel claim that cure his vote In favor of Gideon J. Tucker, for President tlemen, and consequently receive* offers of marriage and republican Senator ten times over before too skatktai»; *IIthitherderstood thatat least two-thirdsof ailtheinaurrecUoas remarkable extent; and I would suggest to com- theguiltorinnocence of the accused. The government wbo, after a brief absence, returned with Mr. Mcln playingasetofartificialteeth, which areabsolutely inMissouri apostate, wbo would sUi bit native South (or a men of abolition pottage.Vivo ot THS MLSSOOU Fas* Nxcao Biix.—Governor Stewart, oi Missouri, bas vetued theFree Negrobapredecessor ta regard to the Dominicans.The truce wasvaluable presents from Sir Solomon Fraeer, K. C B. (Mr.One thing Is now certain, that gold is found there in suf- ficient paying quantity, and extending over an extensive region, enough to justify an immense mining population. Yet thebestpaying portionofthemine* isInthemoun-tbey have so shaken the testimony of identification of the Croton Aqueduct Board. There were two indict-that the prosecution arc not entitled to a verdict.Some comment has been made by the defence ments against each of tbe accused parties-one for a felony from Mr. Colepeppor (Mr. Chippendale), a commissioner•- i ••-tion of the provisions of tbe constitution of tbe Cuitei purchasing suitable machines for cruabtng the quartz, poor, and that he suddenly became rich. On the other gave bail in the sum of $4,000,—$2,000 on each indict- other hand, ia bale aud robust, with a rough Slates and the constitution of the State of Missouri. Bosafelyestimatedthatninetenthsofthepresentpopulation outthere,asidefromthetownlotspeculators,boldfrom three to twelve '-claims'' each, from which, outof thetothetimewhenthaletterwastakenfromthePoetOffice, andapolicydealertellstbemthathehadpaidthede- fendant as much as $450 during tbe month of November; they also bring testimony to prove that the respondentthedeputycollectorsofassessments,becamehabonds- man.personages belongtowhat wemaycallthecom«iy portionoftheplay. Tbegroupofwhich thefarcical portion a composed consists of Mr. and Mrs I/>v) bond (Mr. Buckstone and Mrs.Wilkins), Major McTurkUnited States, Itit declared that "the trial of aU cri;.,', except in cases of impeachment shall beby jury." Ar»-Mr. Tucker bad not presented himself at the adjourn-" raise,'' i>y selling out. A " claim," In a mining phrase, was in business, dealing in casks and other things, and ment of the Court, but he will undoubtedly be arrested (Mr. Rogers), and Moleskin (Mr. Clark), a detective pl- cle 6, amendment* to tbe Constitution ef the United Stav*springs emigration, they expect to make a comfortablesharks" (I know of no better term for them), w h o haveplenty of " good" claim* t* tell, and yet doubtless theclub or mining association to which they pretend to be-in the Citizens' Bank, and subsequently $1,500 in the Citizens' Bank, which would seem to have been drawn from t h e Bowery Savings Bank; he made another deposit o fother indictments against him, founded upon similar com plaints, made by persons who answered an advertisementrefuge in foreign parts. Unfortunately the real Do«ny, wbose place and name Lovibond haa taken, to a forger,of whom the detective a in search, and the timid husband,nlzes the right of all persons to oases Involving life or liberty, and guarantees to them a trial b y jury, it a n a therefore b e regarded a s o n e o f UM fundamental rijhathat he bad money at that time; they have also intro- ducedtestimonythatprevioustothis transactionthede- fendant was seen with a roll of bills amounting to $1,800tomorrow.TRIALOFRANNRY,THE GUTBOOKPIBJJ3HKR,FORSWINDLING.aceman. Mrs. Lovibond, believing that she to awiioa-, onaccountofalettertowhichberhusbandba*annoonoed hta intention of committing suicide, listens to the atten-says: "No person," making t o distinction a* regards c W or political condition, "shall be held to answer for a cam- tal or otherwise infamous crime, * * * nor be deprived oflife,libertyorproperty,without dueprocessoru*• andtoarticle6Itisfurtherdeclaredtbat"inallcrtau^l prosecutions the accused shall enjoy the right to a etaaiy and pubic trial by an Impartial jury." from theae quor*.constats of a small tract of land in a mining district,"stakedandmarked,"averagingfrom60by100f«et to100by200feet,moreorless,accordingtotbelocalmining or $2,CC0;itwssforthejurytosaywhethertheywererule*andregulations. Also,accordingtotheirrealoranticipated richness will the price be—probably from $100to $1,000. A " green one," just arriving there in any ofthe populous districts, will find scores 01 these " miner $1,5C0 in the Bowery Savings Bank, $1,800, petrating a " gross fraud'' upon John Hock. There were dreaded better naif, from whose temper be haa sought a tions it is very dear that tbe federal constitution reoog.ratifiedotthat;theyalsoaduuoitestimonythatthede- fendant had dealings in sewing machines; it appears that on the 30ih of December he lodge!theDistrictAttorneycalledonthecaseofAdolphusKin- ney, tbe gift book publisher, wbo was charged with per-hasmadeaconquest Lovibond,however,a notonly alive, but on board the Simoom, where he assumes the name ofone Downy, that bemay avoid recognition by htoclearly contradicted this pretended alibi by the two Messrs.Collins, Mr. Jackson, Mr. Lameroux, aud thecleikinth,iChathamsquarePostOffice Thejury had heard the testimony and the comment*of counsel, and they would judge of the facts. apersontocollectordersandmoneyforgiftbooks,beap- Itisnotthe province northe right northedutyottheon such provisions as have been aaved from the wre.'kEverybody wears a fantastic dress, composed of artictaspickedupathaphazard,andeverybody'*charactertacompletely changed. Flirting Mrs. Sebright emulates tbe ton are not allowed to keep open on Sundays. Visiters to tameofaFlorenceNightiagaJ*byher attendanceontheAs soonasthepreliminary business wasdisposedof, tionsofthegallantMajor,ofwhomsheflattersheraelfsholong professedly gives but one claim toamsa. There $54; It is claimed by the government, and notnow denied in the Staatt Zcitung, which was inserted by Raaney. ignobly handcuffed, reveals himself to bit wife, that she tbat lie at the basis of allgovernments within the juneUc-willbeplentyof•'claimjumping''donetheretinsspring, snd many who are now starting from the frontier start thus early for tbe purpose o f jumping good claims, s o a s to be ready to sell to the new comer* later in the season. Not onehalf who go there expect to dig one dayIn theThecaseelicitedconsiderableinterest,asitwas tbe firstmay identify bim, thus Involving himself in a quarrel with the fire-eating 8b* Hector. The situation of Lovibond ta rendered particularly amusing jby hta handcuffed condi- tion. Hewonldembracebalonglostwife,batthehand- cuff* prevent hM ann* from opening; he weep*, bat thi ladymustwipebaeyes; itaonlybyanexerciseofIngeUon o f taid constitution Ths consUtation o f Mtaoaria*- serta tbe tame right, and ta still more explicit. Tho eighth section of article 13 (declaration of rights), aays tbat "the right of trial b y jury shall remain inviolate/' Article anih goes farther, and makes provision for a speedy trial ay anImpartialjury, "withoutwhichtbe accu*'dcannotbe deprived of life, liberty or property." In section twenty seventh of article 3 all doubts to regard to tbe iutenuoi of tho framers o f our constitution t o make any distinction b y reason of color, nationality or political status, ar re-bythedefendant,thatJohnBritton, wholodgedthe mo-ney in the Bowery Savings Bank, and tbe defendant, arethe same person; then it is claimed for the defence thatthe assuming of the name of Hriiton was occasioned b ythe fact that b e bad obtained the money illegally b y lotte-ry policies, which areprohibited by law, and was afraidto )o<?ge the money in hi* own name. It was for the juryto say whether this Explanation was satisfactory. Tbe James J. Brady. Judge reterred to the testimony of Mrs. Mcllenomy, w h otime that " gift book" swindlers were brought into Court. A number ot their victims were ia attendance, and tbey appeared to be much interested in the progress of the trial.' Mr. Sedgwick, lr.opening thecase for the prosecution,testified that the respondent did not leave the house forseveral days about the time of the taking of this letterfrom the Post Office; but tbe government claim that they not, strictly speaking, a charge of obtaining money under Mar.zafia reef, ta the Red Sea. and condemned to eubaat rial trial by jury." If slaves are to be protected in u idthe complaint of tbewitness, tie defendant was Indicted for grand larcenyMr. Brady moved to have the evidence of Mr. Yelling stricken out, because of ihe existence of another indict- ment, which motion was denied by the City Judge.Prestdeatta.1Do*-unseat.have few opportunities ef coming out with great force, LETTER FROM D O N . KhW AKD BATES, OF HlnSM Bf>Michael McGovern, who w a s also duped b y Raaney, alio detailed tbe particulars of tbe swindle lie gave Ranney $94 as security lor h a honesty, and on being fur nislit a with a catalogue of Dooks and $i In cash, took pas- sage to Baltimore, where h e was to get orders for booksAugustus Wulflng and Frederick N'essling were also ex- amined, whose statements were similar to thestories of the previous witnesses. . ~The prosecution baling closed their case, the junior counsel for the defence? proceeded to argue that the indict meat was cot valid because, the law of 1853 referred to statutory cflences, and if the statue referred to comtnaa law offences, it must apply to crimes existing under thein theboose.KKW OPEBA AT THE TlIBiTKE LTR1QUB, PARIS.ofjuvenated pair) and a metmeri: scene between Jupiter and Baucta occupy tbe second act: after which the cur- tain rtaee on a pretty duet between the—now youthful-still I am paid and overpaid for a life of labor, and ft whatever of zealous effort ana patient watching! ha*. been able to bestow in support of a tide of governmeatrj-the9thofMaynexta*thedayfotbokiiag'riroMters are slightly sketched, though experienced eyes may, President and Vice Procdeat of the rjatad'aBM^'VConstitutional Union men to TttedtoelecttotaidConrentiondetayatosoqibertotheelectoralvotetowhichtheirBtaton 1 ^ TheConventionwillassembleatthebotroftwoi^T?* day tamed. •wttratf to*_Garmmm a * * * * * , «OotraatJTtccT^-l>Bfcea-BM.BW » w mat ran for Governor of 0baatoaje4B7tattaTH$wu defeated byGov TTeamott,wtay,tTftm>V_; tbeyareIntendedfornothing0/tbekind.Itanoblame Jorlty.Hewatsubsequentlyelected,taISM tallof Mr. Albert Smith's "China'' totay that it is not an epicthe most genial a n d original work that ever proceeded from bispen. aad it would be unfair to test it by a stand-r Z ] £ £ .was.framed. Itwasbaseduponthetawot1863,andwas findthewholeoftbedramatis versona oatabiabedonthe tion*forcrimeslavesshallnotbedeprivedofanimpir.testifiedthatbewasalaborer,andthatonthe4thofNo- vember, on seeing an advertisement in aGerman*oaper foreatt Thandl T*Ta theeCMitheIrreprets&U Conflict, hatsuspended. Tha"irreurts be gave a specimen of bis handwriting, the defendant pepper to provided with a pretty daughter, (Miss M. Tor- Bible" doctrine ta sure to leal to a suspension of e»->wanntu Thsaa*?. ftarl Fori FortByFor o Fbro JPor o For tl lertia•wentTho£* QapFin Fit1 8eo 8*0 Br. Cap, d- btCBI are otbe tri Liei e i a t itU th<- v avac* wen ameat 1 aoberment In October, and applied to him for a situation afterPhilemon and bis spouse, wbose felicity is trou- policy which 1 believe to be for the present and perman- bled by Jupiter, who beoonvs enamored of the ent good of the cc..a:ry.charming Baneta; but the passion of ths am o. • Now, gentiemes. I proceed to answer your quest***, agairst tbe accused. Pnm the evidence adduced by rous cod is finally vanquished by ber inflexible briefly indeed, but rnlty. plainly, and with all possibleamountingtoabout$60,0C0. 'Third—That Wetmare can have BOlien, because he waa neverInpossessionoftbeships. "TM Mr.WetmoredeniestbathewaaNaryAgent,andin-•tattthathtaBenitgood .gainst thoseXebftta tbe •hip*,evenifbewatanoriginalpartnerintheloanelatemyvtewaoftheDredScottcaw,mdwhat wts really determined by tbe Supreme Coartta that ease- Itamyopinion,carefullyconsidered,thatIheCourtde-O.Robertssays—-Trade,tbtaaeaton,basbeenunusuallydull here- muchmoretothanevenduringthepanicwinterof 1867-8. Theprincipalreason,sofarattbecausesorigi- nateintbecounter,tatbeholdingbackofproducebythetheplaintiff,beinganegroof Africandescent,totaexs- sarifyastave,couldhotbeaeitixenofMiasouravi thereforecouldnotsuetatheFederalCxiart.andtbatfor thta raascn, and tbta atone, the Circuit Court had t o jura- diction of tbe cause, aad no power *> give judgmeat between the parties. Tbe only Jarieiiottat which the 3a premeCourthadcftbecausewatforthepurposeof-,NAuoaAi Orarvnnoa ot enpAjm —The National Executive CtBatrnl Con ' ^r,llfsnkness.and I 00 lrOa tbe more willingly, because I have received .rem Individuals many letters-too many to be separately answered—and have t:-en in many public journalsarticle*making urgent ca'.isupon meforsucha tteumint of m y vievs.FI1B5T—SIJ\|fRT AXE rTS trTSNSJON » TBB TaWtirotlSS Onthasubject,inthe States and to theTerriturk-,I have no new cpiniots-no opinion* formed in relation » Ihe present array at parties. 1 am coeval with tho ate-souil question of 1810-20, having begun m y potiocal lab in t h e midst of that struggle.Omntn^L"" of GreatBritain, was mewed ta aethenanchantswbopastthroughtbatStatesellinggoodsbysan-pies, so a* to pat them oa an equality with taaaoataa tow be brought ta soon or the merchant*,whopay tales to tbeStatotor•••«mS*j\*reetivc tae error of tbe Circuit court In 'np tb>the treat? meat interval. Such an^additionto our City Direc309 South 4th Street Fulton New York 13069Thomtory,ItasM. Trwww.fultonhistory.comyniski 