 8iWMTKMUL FROM EU&OPL for , ,the nreeent year, and under the alteredtla treaty shanld be placed before the Bones. **•«>** e tbe preaeatt Never mind precedents. Barer mindABEIVAL OP THJ NEW YORK.Important Debate on the Anglo- French frade Treaty,tymk if Duruli 01tie I'ltiet of lh Growi aid Bigku of tie Pwplr__«_•inn'i- -————•————-—-m nations assumed,that tbe courseof conducting » " • » • » earned, that)duced the treaty of commerce with France to the cocside-ratton of tbe House, had he no large and comprehensivemeasures of reform—of financial reform} Why, 00a-Bdered with reference to tbe state of this country at thattime—its revenue, its population, and its general re-sources—tbe measure of Mr. Flit, Brought forward for tbeconsolidation and reform ef our Customs aud Kxctoe, mayirt looked upon as by far the greatest reform or the kindcanteke tbe line which I have todscated, not merely withto toe eondttton of tbe whet) af teane, m was arepertotA tt should be made knows by a a sstage from toe Crown, was, afti rail a mere queattea of form, aad whether we were right or wrong, tbe course foliowed did not at ail bear »flaadnwaiMJohn Russell in Reply.meat were erroneous, was It not our duty to fix upon•osee brca4, distinct and straightforward basto, and upon and Lordthat to take tbe eptalea e f t h e House? (Hear , b e a r ) And that was our unanimous opuion. It was • * « • * * minds becoming tf as to join ourselves with tbe dtooon- tsatad w a s merchaats, with any paper manufacturers, cr witb there pabUcaaa wnose eontplaJntawe bave beenjesty that we shall tone no time te tektei: anwtowas which will enable her Majesty to fulfil her oagM^ menu with tbe Emperor rf the fTencbr In .the firstofCommons to address the Queen on a treaty when bar lla-marvellous actio* of ourday. Why, As JtaH>•*•»>»* ment, has called our attention tea matter which, however relevant te the sans, and were not anas ansn bv tka an idea of what Mr. J W i Wort vert ummhe deaUwitha importaut, to ttrkaly a point of procedure. (Hear, hear ) House of Commons, I admit that be took - ^^ * - tariff that had net oeenjrsaarf/a- sen^attoas-J t*urt I t h t a k l wiU venture to leave any share 1 may take to necessities of the case very different from aB^tta»/er«wtswri«f. (Bear, mar) I murt remind the that discussion until we come to the second reading of Mr Pitt. Had Mr. Hit lived in our Ume,HOUECthat the committee had to go in bis days into theBright, Palmentonthe Reform bill promised by my noble Mend (Lord J. SbeeTena. corned to dealing wttb ear complicated 1I tie year ty having reeeurte to a tax {which the toosntrjIkecan j years—te-'d be« led to bebeve would terminatelard the First Mmtotor said «** esbar Baths. "Of sanmestanding orders, (te ahead with large and comprehensivetosty has not been advised to condescend to address tbe Tfce Duke Be Chlunbord In Aid Urtetoig to this evtnmg, of wttb the many bodies or House of Commons. It may be sa.d that.it was im-comprehensive ineeente; but he did not sat* it up in anyway with bto commercial treaty. On the contrary, havinggiven tbe Bouse of Commons of bto day a constitutionalopportunity of considering the treaty, having proved andpassed in that committee the twenty resolutions that were illegal net,' and that we are pursuing a course which ifir utosaaslnn.ana' hi srnandsd -*-hj. hseats " necessary tor tbe House to assent to, no sooner bad he may end to tbe Invasion and abrogation ef toe France was our natural enemy, aad Mr faxprivileges of the House of Commons. I must nay if that were so I never beard a better opportunity for a broad party charge on tbe part of the leader of aa oppo-mtereatt who believe that they are menaced by tbe prepositions ef the government, bat, oa tbe contra ry, sir. It was our ofsntoa that an issue should be joined similar to that proposed by my honorable friend tbe member far Essex, and •i«n the clear, distinct, and straightforward Judgment ofpossible ia her Majesty's speechtosanounce thefeat of this treaty of commerce being ratified: but in a similar esse I find, hi tbe treaty of commerce which was negotiated at Ctneh, that it was negocated while Parliament was stating, and could not be announced from the throne at tbe opening of the H o u e : but then a message from her Majesty Queen Anne was brought to the House to inform It of what had•f the Pope.NAPOLEON'S ADVICE TO HIS HOLINESS.TH PSiU DBliM OF SPAIN W 3I0E0OU.tft Bremen en the 18th tad Southampton on the 231 of bly many circumstances would have been changed and we were prepared to carry the treaty into eneot, Tbe alterations would have occurred which would have modi noble lord may think that that would be the time February, armed at thai port early yesterday (8<indey) fled in many respects tbe concluaioa arrived at and tbe to advise her Majesty to address tbe House Themight a t right i s dsmsaattiig; delay; bat she right* w a r e . . . _ _ .paper with these letters, 'AABRYLET," desired his lord- The Chancellor of the Exchequer in that stAiemeat only the details, for this reason—because there USOLCprecedent ship to form ibem into one word, which would aptly con- useU language and availed himself of views which bave which from its nature is so apt and memorable, which vey her Majesty's views on the question of the treaty aiaays oeen accepted by tbe individuals in his positun a.flute's an example so complete, and the actor in whi< h Your raadcia shall have the word next week. and recognised by this House. What is the language of was so illustrious, that I am quite aware that if tne housedeed , we have desired to have the opinions of the House open the eubjett. and tf we Lave erred it baa been from a too rigid adherence to the precedent of Mr. Pitt. But aa tbe right bonot able gentleman wished for an assuranceThe Loadoa Herald, of the 21st of February, remarks — subject? Why, in his despatch to the negotiators of this The country has very good reason to feel indiguant that treaty, what the noble lord there says is—"And withcourse of proceeding whi;h was pursued by Pat lament in tbe pi :uie peiiou of .is imputation, they will obtain a guide not only in the present position of these questions, but in• t i o t y a r t i c l e :—It is staved that since November last, when the the mtLcrit)—must, in their opposition in committee onsaruck, it hi said, on the same rock whereon was wreckedPrinces William and Richard, and Princess Adela,-sixteenladies of tbe court, and a number of other persons ofman claim for Parliament anytolag more than this' I cannot assent to a motion which declareshear toe right honorable gentlemen for tbe firstquality, amounting ia all to 160. The total on board wasof whom only one—Berold, a butcher of identical with that of the one before us. But the treaty totrade was aspecific absent, to detail, to each of the clauses of the this should bave been his first eetay to toe mode ofgaged" to take charge of tbe Park Congregational chapel, Brooklyn. New York. Ha style of preaching seems adapt- ed to all skates, but to especially attractive to tbe work-to be alarmed lest they should be entrapped into accaat ing details which they might afterwards regret. T h e W solutions were drawn large and general, and they were not resolutions, s s l will show to the House afterwards that could form tbe staple and elements of a revenue bill'that placed him there. Sir, my honorable friend, the which has occurred since toe time when Mr. Pitt was member for North Warwickshire, (Mr. Newdegate) re- occupied with similar arrangements. (Hear.) What,of £2.000,000, and a surrender of revenue about £1,000,- 000, but Intimated at the same time that we could not tell \ ou of the nature of our financial arrangementa' Bad the right honorable gentleman been minister at that time. ant bail be made this treaty with France, toe force of circumstances, the prompting of reason, the fear of re- sistance snd of ridicule, would have prevented him com-FEW YORK HERALD, MONDAY, MARCH 12, 1860.-TRIPLg wT>atbavetiasspasttodovrttoaaageofprcgT*fSSHEET.J maintain that if sou persxst in the ooura cf owsnaan now tbe right honorable genUeaan carries os back to 'he rtemmtnied aUpracmeal ctmsrtt ever its precisians it lost 1cace of Utrecht, aad says thai to that case a treaty of /Renewed cheers) JI is a question which concerns the commerce was aade known by a message fromtbe 01own.a the preaest year, and which, area under tbe alteredcrcumetaaces of the ease, they bad a. r•:i—gh».«t t«oA .evxipueHctwooidat least be reduced, it dM appear to cs that itia possible, with tbe opinions which we bare alwaystaised on the subject of nhanoe m this House, and eapcaily is rafsreaca te tbe impost tbe income tax—Itseemed to us, ] say, impossible that we could ehrick fromsabalttivg our opinions upon tbe question on the pre'e^occasion (Bear, bear.) Well, hew was that to be d me?Vodorbt. when dealing with a scheme soeompiieaedand comprehensive as that of tbe government, we m Kithave seised occasion, and hate availed ourselves of pi*UciJar potato in it, when by Jsutog with some interest affecteu or being m«naced, we might in all probability havetncreaeed our strength, sad nave partjally defeated thegovernment. (Hear, hear.) Bat we thought that tbeeeurse of a great party was into: if we beltered mat thegensral principles of the financial scheme of tbe govern notice of an address to the Qneea snsuring bm.Ma-b s House, (Hear Hear). I h a w made tbeae observationson the financial statement of tbe right honorable gentle occurred; end that course tod to costmnnkatioas whichman seeks to pursue the phantom of d e a r , to isattattaa or Mr Fox. though be to wanting to toe motiveswtidmnn, not thai I wish to Introduce tbe iHgctut controversy were in every respect constitutional and according to par en th s occas on en its merits, but to explain to the House liamentary custom. Bot we need not go back to that dis-ing the financial and fiscal portions of his policy. Now,let the House observe thto, that during the time that Mr.Pitt introduced that treaty of commerce with -France in1787, there was sot tbe slightest allusion to the effectwhich that treaty would have on tbe revenue of tbecountry, though its eflbct must bave been considerable.There was not tbe slightest allusion to his great and com-prehensive measures of fiscal and financialreform, although tt was bto purpose to submit on tbe part of tbe government I nan accept the motionte tbe committee upon that great bill tbe reso- which he has placed en toe books, and which he "W U I c b QC UanD saasasjajai vaa waao u w a e , anuta ne ananas anw ansttsanesanlutions which bad bean passed in the com we might not only with propriety but with dignity adopt mittee on tbe eonunercal treaty la ftbruary Mr (Hear, hear ) The dignity of n government to a natterPiU proposed his commercial treaty. In March Mr. JTO introduced bto great measure of financial reform. And what did be do to April? "Why, at tbe right time, Mr.tbe course which we have taken. Having arrive! at thateenc'ision, 1 will not disguise from the House it was to usa matter of great regret that we were obliged to precipitnte a conclusion from the peouliar manner ia which theimportant public business this j ear ban been placed be-are us by tbe government We were obliged, I say, toBjrteipttato a conclusion which, according to our own feel which invited a loyal and dutiful response. I think itMajesty s government seriously considered toe qasaaa whether toey should propose a Committee of tbe Whale Hoate upon toe COB meretal treaty with Franoe, aad tossFROM RUSSIA,TV ruamtbtp New York, Captain Von Santin, which (Hear, bear.) And in the course of this discussion proba pose an addms to the Crown to inform her Majesty thatNEW8wrong If, blindly under the tofiuence of precedes 1, they bad adopted tbe same form tn a auto of facts perfectly different (Loud cheers). Tbe very teras of Mr Pit?* treaty were to tbe reaolutionato the Bouse. Does toe 1that if we had s _ to aenordance with the pwbhto welfare, aad would havecgs, ought to have been postponed until the preliminary. would be very difficult for the noble lord—all thosedisctsioBS upon several important topics had taken placeremissions and reductions having taken place—to pro-expression of opinion to which I bare referred. But relations between the Crou* andthit Bouse art of • very Pitt proposed his budget (hear, hear.) andJ ask the —Ti ag• when we saw tbe great haste with which those important peculiaranddklicatecharacter; and m should be 0* very boose BOW, wby are we to be treated differently from thewhich different gentlemen to different situations a n y have different opinions. Bat I must confess that I think tf we have been guilty of n course involving the consequences mentioned by toe right honorable gentleman that we have graver/ erred in oar dnty to tbetie icbie lord the Secretory for Foreign Affltirs on this will fcive their censideratbc to that precedent, and to thefor a substitute for the revenue which he forfeits, and he t'on v.hich the right honorable gentleman has made. Inbar found that substitute to a reduction of our expendi- toe first piece, I do not know what that motion means:ture. But is that tbe opinion of her Majesty's govern and, to the next place, I am sorash and presumptuous asmenti Tbe estimates on tbe uble prove that it to not— to express the opinion that the right honorable gentle- tli°t the House of Common shall declare its opinion upon (hear, hear)—and I am quite sure that if upon this sub man does not know what tt means. What does toe rightthe Bonse will be asked to gtve their efaeiaa on ****• measures. You are not to supposeThat tbe authors Lrimleaesof this Bouse, the frcUm ef debate, and all Asm W C aWBaaa I^AeMaaWt taenM laksai lafeuntiV fat* 4aBBhma^aaa*sta, mm the Bonse w ofty. •' New, sir, I want te knew tat what way we ate h>Km such sebesnss nee to be f hjist to snob rusty y alaUaa i» ^iZmSem whkk 1 trust, nyr wiU beam* party mm-iv M HAW *U, -,atopinion,assamlagu Inavethroughout ^ •££"*- (laughter) But baa Mr. PHt.at 1787,wheabeintro MDHJ (Hear,bear.) 1waatMinisterste Met that they .—. —a—..—'j^-y itlnrpriniattaumdrrtateS, asswinlag asindicated oy her Majesty's government ^pursued, and tnat we »o into committee oa tbe Customs acts, and pass ail tneseremtosjona and reductions of duty neoassary to fQueen to complete her engagements wttb the E » £ ? £ « tbeFreach' (Hear, near.) I want te know from tbe noble lord if all those redactions and remissions are a a d e , to what way her Majesty's government proposes to bring the treaty of commerce with France before tne cognaaace of this House, and to subject It to the con^MonalI oontroi and criticism of this House. (Henr.bear) IWa^asMs tord the First Minister give notice of an address to tne Queen after all these reduetiene and remissions nave been made? Does the noble lord iiropose to *tw*place, tt will be very dtffleult-I beitero it to P«i«otiv unThe New York brought tt% eaaungars and TOO of subject have been brought under tbe consideration of lint not to Id then* generate into a men formality. (Hear.) Commons in 17877 Why should we not have the commer House of Commons, and that the vary beat attitude wsand cheers.) So little had mat amend BOB! on my part tbe character of a party motion that I bad not, fromtbe state of the House, an opportunity of conferring with any of the gentlemen witb whom I am in the habit of acting, exceptreeetvea a a private audtenoe by the Smperor, who gave with my honorable and learned friend the member for ibem the positive assurance that M. Thouvene) has Belfast (hear); and I should most willingly have seen thenow suppose the noble lord gave that notice, how would he act upon it f He could not go into committee to con- sider the treaty, because already be has wastod all the reasons which authorized the House to go into tbe com mittee. There is nothing for the House to decida upon as regards a committee. In every ftnaucial and fiscalthat they are to some degree tbe cause of is one providing what shall happen wttb respect to Uie the embarrassing position in which the house personal safety and security of the subjects of each power to placed upon this matter generally. (Hear, bear). raiding to the dominion of toe other in time of war. Now, sir, I am sure that tbe bouse will do me tbe justice Then the right honorable gentleman says that after Mr. of believing that I have never been silent in recognising Pitt had passed his resolutions to a committee on the treity tbe great ability and the honorable and eminent position they were submitted to a committee en Uie customs act#.M. Lesseps and the Poke of Albonfca were yesterdaya:ready received instructions to seize the first opportunity task undertaken by some independent member oi the of entering into negotiations with the English Cabinet, House; but time was urgent, the subject was pressing;question a vote would have been arrived a t But ecu: I fairly gained in this country t y tbe honorable member I beg tbe right honorable gentleman's par ion whenthe noble lord then propose a resolution that the House for Rochdale. (Cheering on both sides of the bouse.) I I say that they were not submitted to a commit-sanction tbe treaty r I apprehend that if the noble lord have the satisfaction to state that I recognized bto abilities mittee en toe customs acts, but to one that satwith the object of removing the last obstacles which op- and so it has devolved upon me to call the serious atten- pose tte realization of the Suez canal scheme. tion of the House to what I believe is the unprecedentedwere to take such a course he would clearly be taking before they were acknowledged by her Majesty's mini- for the purpose of tlmplifyicg public accounts U)e tieaty a single article requiring legislative aaactiosiand peculiar position in which it is now placed—one Tie stageaticn infinancialand commercial affairs noticed which, I think, will be found on calm iiscassion, tolor tome months past still prevailed in Paris, ne change be a position by no means favorable to the privileges of this House, and to that freadom of discussionwas expected until the result of the debate (n the English which we are accustomed to view witb such pride Parliament on the treaty of commerce is known. The and jealousy. (Cheers) Probably there have been fewa course that would outrage tbe prerogative of toeCrown. He would not ask the House of Commons tosanction a treaty already ratified by his sovereign, and,therefore, if the noble lord gave that notice, 1 canmnconceive, if he has exhausted his Committee on tits Cuesters, and before ho received the approbation of those Again, the right honorable gentleman was in error insy mpathising statesmen wttb whom, it Seems, some bow cbaxgirg tbe government with having led the Crown toor other, be is doomed never to be a colleague. (Laugh- commit an unconstitutional and illegal act, by engagingterA But I cannot but feel, and I now give the reesin of not to exercise for a period of ten years a power whiatthe sentiment to tbe house, that it wot a most wawfa selec- Parliament has put into tbe bands or toe Crown with Uie Parliament, aa toe right honorable gentleman thinks, hastbe House, tbef almost inextricable confusion with Andfor As Crown to send down a message to tki$ Bouse,cial treaty, the comprehensive measure of financial re can assume in seixtog toe helptog hand which the right form, and than the budget bfnugbt forward to their natu- boo. gentleman holds out to us, to not the atttude of those ral order, and submitted to us to that manner? (cheering) who claim an unsulliea dipnity, but rather toe attttudeof —in that manner whicb would give us frequent ample op- penitents dependent 00 an adversary ror their existence. portunities for matured debate and that criticism which (Hear.) In point of fact 1 contend that the right hot1aerehundtoe.She experienced very boisterous weather daring the sary connection with each other have been mixed up, p-rcr tf the Frmch, and inviting our camideratim to it,vtrtge— bating had ooe westerly gale far Ian day* run tbe great difficulty which attended a harried consideration and our granting her Majesty At mesas to carry U into of ana rs so complicated, we felt that such a state or tfect. waea her Majesty must have been duly informed by o r wtobeet totermiawk>B. things rendered it really impossible for us to take any brMtrnttmOmtwe had parted with aU those pri<nlmtt of The commerca! and financial advices by the New York ether course than that indicated by tbe proposed reeolu Parliament which secured OUT constitutional control over bare been satictpated by o v teiegraphic despatches from lion of my honorable friend tbe member for Essex, (Hear, treaties, would be a course which I think no Minister hear.) Now, sir, that being the way in which the impor would be justified to advising bis sovereign to follow, and tta Neva Seottoa, at SL Johns, N. F., pabliahed In the taut measures whicb tbe government have brought for- would be at tbe same time a mockery to the Crown, andB a u i o en the 9th and 10th instants. ward have bean introduced to the House, It seems Im- I need not say aa insult to the Commons of the United The London Times of the aoth of February says :— possible, tf thto issue is to be raised, that it could be post- Kingdom. A great Minister, whom I shall have te quote The deputations froas the various trades ooanseted with poned beyond tbe question of Mr. Speaker leaving the in some subsequent remarks, has touched, I think, withthe beaded systam throughout the United Kingdom had chair to go into committee On the Customs Acts. (Hear, great eloquence and troth upon tbe true union which may aterviews with the Chancellor of the Exchequer on Satur- hear.) And although we deprecate and deplore the in- be effected between the prerogatives or tbe Crown andconvenience, and, as we believe, tbe great injury of the the privileges of Parliament upon this important subject day , and whfia agieeba. with the main features of the House being called upon before tbetpreliminary deba'e, of treaties. (Bear.) He said, "It to tbe happy SaTeum.which matters and measures that have no necos announcing that she had concsudtda treaty with the EmBuSget, pointed oat the oppressive, and in some eases theprohibitory, effect of me saw charges proposed to be laid•pea goods te bead. *M*r-. *G—la•d»s-tone expressed" •h"is- r—ea<d«i_JS toreceiveallsuggeetione,andtointroducesuchmodi- hadbeen arranged bytheMinistry. (Hear,hear.) Well, butHgivestbejudgment,tbe revision andtheexecution f r , . ^ . u may be proved to be necessary. that being the state of tbe case, there arose accidentally of those treaties to the privileges of the people." (Hear,gation. He says that the resolutions introduced by Mr.Pitt were resolutions essentially large and general, andtotally incapable of forming Use foundation of a flnancial measure. Well, air, I bave the resolutionshers, and I ask tbe House whether thto one, for to toe work of which he was one of -the most bold and sacwhich would have arisen, to come to toe conclusion upon tbe whole financial scheme of the government, still it was inevitable from the mode in which the public b mincesstance of our constitution that it gives to the Crown the sole prerogative of negotiating and concluding treaties,Nee vtoat qatoquam stostto, avt seeuadusa, Weareonlyprivilegedtohelpforward toe completionegThe report of a conspiracy against Napoleon, brought on Friday night tost what 1 may call a conversation on bear.) But I want to know how we can have judgment,by tbe Nora Seotten, to not fully confirmed, although tbe subject of the French treaty of commerce. Towards how we can enjoy revision, and how we can exercise con without asking the bouse to assent to any amendre t.manful originators. We propose to yon s commute on tbe Customs acts, fan which all Aeaa changes may be fully discussed .and I say thai those bettor follow tbe pre. cedent of Mr. Pitt who act in the spirit of bto conduct, than those who abandon the spirit in which be anted, sal tn blind superstition cling to tot mere antiquarian fortsthe conclusion of it I rose and inquired of her Majeety's government on a subject which had been severaltimes referred to in a very perplexing form. I askedto what manner the government intended to introducetbe treaty of commerce wan France to the considerationwhich m to supply tbe place of the Univert, called Le of the House. I am bound to say that the answer of the template bringing the treaty of commerce with FranceThe amendment that I bave put on tbe paper is one iu ac-cordance with the forms of Uie house, and I have no otherobject to it but to secure to tbe bouse an opportunity ofconstitutional dtoeusslan of tba treaty, and of assertingthe privileges of this bouse, and of securing that right o?debate which hitherto we bave deemed so importnnt. financial measure. Give me resolutions nnatagoos to declamation, and I know not what, te brief (• beers). I said that I would make no observation on those upon Uie duties we are proposing and you will soon forward tbe mare letter of a formula. (Cheeraj the policy or provisions of thto treaty of commerce, but I tee whether tbey are toeapable of forming -te foundation Mr. Pitt went tote committee on the French may be allowed to make one remark—first, upon the ne-same of the London papers, Including the Herald, seem to habere that a plot was on foot for his injury.A saw journal came oat in Paris on the 18th ultimo, mnmde.before the consideration of the House of Commons. The noble tord might say. or might have thought, that it was In his power to give notice on a particular day—the Com- mittee on the Custoncs Acts being concluded—to give no tice that on a particular day be would call upon the HouseThe Orantl Duke Ferdinand IV. of Tos:any, having , anted a few days at Parti, bad left again for Bivaria. It m asserted that be is about to address a man.itiato to the Tnjcan nation, promsiag to forget the pa t and to grant ce naututtonal reforms.The Paris Jfomkur of the 30th of Fsbruary says—:government on that ocsaatoa was so ambiguous, so hesifating, that upon further reflection and research in tbecourse of the evening, ft appeared to me to be so impractieable, that I felt it to be my duty, though wttb great un-wilhhgness on my part, to pace that notice on the paperwhich honorable gentlemen are aware of. (Hear, hear, to consider tbe treaty of commerce with France. Well,of a financial measure. (Hear, hear, and la i} Iter.) But, sir, the right honorable ge Jtie man telle us that Mr. P i t t s treaty contains ao Droviskw" but those relating to com-treaty, and what did he propose there? prectoely Uie verytrcl to execute tbe administration of a treaty, if we have already parted with those privileges, tbe possession and the exercise of which form,as it were, the privity between the House and the prerogatives of the Crown ? There is yet another course by which the noble lord might constance, "artokss ef tbe vague and extentore characteralleged by tbe right honorable gentleman—" That it appears to tote committee expedient that tbe duty hereaftertobe paid on vinegur" (a laugh) » shall be at tbe rate of£82 18s. lOd. upon every ton oontatotog 282 gallons.Now that can scarcely be called a targe and general re-soluUon, or one incapable of forming tbe foundation of a (Loud Cheers.) B to wasting time, and ingenuity, anitoms Acts—I cannot conceive what ho would find to domanufacturers of Lyons had a steady, though not sessions of parliament in which measures of such *. real when the House met to listen. These are the main ret tion en the part of the government to appoint, at their secret evident intention that it should be exercised at any periodtbe right of direct legislative sen Uloo, and he thinks it can only be through inadvertence that tola could happen. But tbere have been ministers ao insensible to their duties that they have entered into agreenv nts which required legislative suction, but who, no doubt inrough intlver- tence— (cheers)— bave forgotten to a.k for Ubtt legislative sanction. The last instance I remember occurred in a treaty witb a Northern power, in the 20th article of which it was sought to make a provision spent* the fraud ilealimportance has been introduced to the notice of tbe House ensnares business. Tbe Par* flour and corn markets of Commons as the present; yet the management of tuut£ons which have induced me to come to the conclusion that if the House persists tn the present order of public business this treaty of commerce with France will really never be submittf d to their constitutional control: and 1agent, Mr. Golden—far I may sow use hit name, seeing that during ten years, or beyond that period If sufficient tt is appendtd as a signature to the treaty itself—4t was a occasion arise for toe exercise of toe right Tbe rightment, but feeling that it has not only placed the House in The Liverpool AWion, of the 18th of February, says — a ver> iiicocvenient posi'jon, but may lead to constla a conversation recently between her Majesty and qufooee very injurious to the public service, 1 have Iord Pahnerston, the French treaty was warmly discussed. thought it my duty, by tbe motion which I have plac: jtable, or at any time during t1li.,portai.t business by tbe government— inadvertently, 1 make no doubt—has been so arranged, th-tt, iltnoii^n * j have beiore us two moat important propositions—aitboufhmost unu-ise thing to appoint Mr. Oobden at their secretnnirtiator. I should rejoice to see the honorable member;or Rochdale upon that bench (pointing te the ministerialfront row) in an honorable and recognized position,because sad as far the government ia concerned, that treaty has then we should know that be was responsible for tbe no bearing whatever upon any of toe articles to whichwere firm.A despatch from Paris, of the 21st of February, reportsA circular of M Billaiilt says —A time has arrived to «e are called upon to consider some of tbe most consider want the House this evening to see whether there are nothonorable gentleman saya we have abandoned our right to prohobit the exportation of coal. Bat as far a* we have bad tbe opportunity of receiving advice upon the subject,0^ * * " orhUee position because he defers te toe privileges of toeHouse of Commons, sad acknowledges Uie authority of tbe nberty or en the dtsousemea of the Bens -consideration of no less than 3.000 resolutions to carry ha Russell). (Renewed laughter.) I want to come to the rm gemento, be would nave asked what wars the _ _ _ preoedented under any cucuinstences-for the House oi pohcy mtiTetfect. Mr. Pitt, therefore, had his large and matter that has been raised by the motion of the right cies of all tbe great interests involved, aad wooidtavatant period. It to only but yesterday—it to in the expert enee of two thirds of the present members of the House- thai our most gracious Sovereign entered into a treaty with the King of Sardinia while parliament was fitting and tbe Minister brought dawn a message from thsQrewnput an fad to the attempts at agitation oo the Roma:: able questions that can be raised, I uillbe bound to prove some meant) by whiUi we QUI extricate ourselves from aquestion at. Billault instructs the Prefects to prohibit, to tiu Hout€ thai on no occasion kace At opportunity*Jor position so difficult, and for the House I should say so hu policy which be bed undertaken. But when 1 find him that right of prohibition refers But, sir, let me endea-according to law, the distribution of writings and namph duevnien been so abridged and limited- (Hear, hear.) / ungating, as that whvh we now unintentionally— I doubt the secret agent for negotiating a treaty of commerce, it vor to collect what I understand to be the main pro use of trade marks, and her Britannic Majesty agreed let*, unless duly authorized, and to report to the Council Uiink 1 thnll further thorn (hat en one important portion of not, on tbe part of the government—appear to me to 03 is impxs&le for me not to trace tn the treaty positions of the right honorable gentleman He says weof State whenever the liberty of the pulpit is abused. H • thae totics not only nan they Urn limt'-d. but aotoluirty cupy. I think there are suca means, simple and effica semethwrt if the idiotynenwy of the negotiator. (Hear, bave withdrawn toe treaty from the cognizance of therecommend a them to combine moderation with Brume**. tufierseded; (Cheers) Believing that Una has been un- ciaus,by which we can extricate ourselves from this un- bear.) Now, for example. There are no objections to house, and that we have placed the house in such aas the Kmperor desires peace and Liberty f-r religion. intentional and inadvertent on the part of the govern satisfactory position, and which, in my opinion, tbeHouse ttiis treaty. I do not make them myself now, because to- position that it cannot exercise its constitutionaland somewhat too urgently pressed upon her Majesty, ou the table, to give the House an oppo; tonity of inwho evidently dial'ked the style of the colloquy. It is te-fcring and remedying that which, on reflection, I think (kpnlcal cries of -Hear, hear.' ) But I don't want said that the Queen, handing Lord Pahnerstjn a slip oi to be an evil of no slight magnitude. (Hear, bear ) \Jtweary the patience 0! the House to-n:ght withThere are other parts of Mr Pttt'& pro»s»dingt to which 1 fully grant we might have tnitiat- d h.ui. but toey la he the future. Wc have no desire to interfere with •Lc lib-tbe treaty apart from all tnese engagements, I am author- ised to say It li the intention of tie government, in esse be House should eo think fit, to submit that matter to toe cnsiceration of toe House, and to ask ine opinion of the He-use upon toe treaty as a whole (bear, brar ) Ve> -ja not take that course from toe impieasion that toe treatg Sent as a packman to Paris, with quite a wallet of our shall be repotted and agreed to by Uie Huuse.' N > lj II ihe House will perru.l me I will now put succinct upon which Mr. Cobden has a most decided opinion, and specific and precise, that if any doubt occurs you shoul 1 se!f actually requires the legiaiatite sanction of Par La- hat is upon belligerent rights. It to the opinion of some leave tbe one and resort to Uie other. Phe validity meat Tbe only mode by which Parliament could assent bat tbe rigbts of belligerents are very lightly treated of tbe treaty with respect to England is so regu to a treaty is by ia giving effect to the regulations aristaeiect they •bared tbe opinions of the secret negotiator, honorable gentleman moan by the "engagements of toe foreign nations, should, of all others, have been selected duty and removed altogether from the tariff, those articles anv cmibinawn of difficulties which msy arise from pro they would soon forfeit tbe confidence of the House treaty" If there be any doubt about it. 1 entreat the by the government to negotiate this treaty; and this, t <c, shall beocme free on the day duccee-Cing that ou which babiy the pioiungcd debates on the quesuous uovr before of Commons. (Bear, bear.) Then, again, there House to refer to what toe engagements of the treaty arc. after he bad failed in the management of his own prlv it> the resolutions of the Committee of the House of dim os. I have already referred to that precedent tn tbe con- is another very important matter in this treaty Tbe course of common sense dictated that when you have negotiations in America. But, maugre all this, off he is m.r.s affirming the proposals and the freeuom from duty veieaton on Friday, but very hastily and very imperfect upon which there has been considerable controversy, and one atticie tost is toose and general, and another that isMr. Oobden, a man of known peculiarities as regnrds r«spect to all those articles which are to be set free fi omfoods, to negotiate a great commercial treaty between nt duubt the nolle lord was perfectly justified in giving ly, but 1 hope c early, before the House what took pl»> • tioss, as if it was simply a peddling affair of the sale thcte instructious to the negotiator*; but if tint be <-« with respect to the treaty of iTSti, ana it appears to me of octtens. And so, to truth, Mr Cob.'.en viewed case, what opportunity would we have, in Gimmitee that in a right appreciation of these circumstances we it, sad so Mr, Gladstone views It; b'it, if we judg» ourunder this treaty; but it is perfectly consistent witb Mr. tated that it is not to be valid till Parliament has t obden's expressed opinions that he should not guard attented to Uie engagements with wbich tt is entitled those rights which he has himself always denounced. to deal. By Uie twelith and fourteenth articles it was (Hear, bear). Now, so far with regard to the character agreed that this treaty should bind the United King of the negotiator. Let me say one word now as to the dom of Great Britain and Ireland and France ao soon as (orm of the instrument 1will not enter into any contro- toe necessary legislative eauctiou should be obtained from versy to night as to whether thto to a reciprocity treaty Parliament That language is perfectly specific; but toe or not. The subject is not exhausted, and I hope there teims of the treaty further show what was meant by wilt be an occasion to renew it, especially if her Majesty's legislative sanction. The treaty concluded by Mr. Pitt re-out tf it. The king never diesjthat is a great political maun* b t Parliament might die; Parliament might be dissolved' to eaonow, and the next Parliament might undo the acts of its predecestor It U not, ther'fort. to ask you to gist any Oitint to OK treaty in a rigid or juridiaal sense, that Ocgctm,ment ynrposet to submit that qufsUmtoym; fog thty Oiini that it U fit ana desiraU' to add all t\t moral vti.<Ai U can obtatn, in ordtr that the great p^rpote far uhuh the treaty has l*en framed may be carried ouimort fjitctuelly. The right honorable gentleman thiaas he hascountrymen right, so will th-.-y not view it.The London Tvmtt of the 23d or February, remarks JIOi. the Customs Acts, to consider th>s treaty (H< >.rhea- ) A'.1, those who had voted for the reduction sh«U and means by which we may disembarrass our-or remission cf duty in comm,ttee would scarcely op pose an act which carried their own reductions into effort ana all tbote who had opposed—whum we assume to beselves cf all those difficulties which we have already, and v,..:b, it wc do not laku that course, will, iu my opinion, Ctiy increase. The House will recollect that tne treaty of commerce between England andexperiment of shipping gold to the India markets the Customs acis, be coutiued merely to subjects which France, negotiated in 17SC, was negotiated in thekets commenced, the total sent has amoutod to nearly arc containcu in the Customs acts. Therefore, if the Cia n o c h . f September, at the latter end of the nv>nth, andJCoOO.oCO. Atiii>t the consignments yielded a profit, the toms acts w> re passed at all, the assent of Parliament— in ttie mouiti of October it was published throughout Eu Yiniaters, ss 1 trust they will, consent to the suggestions feared to those articles of toe treaty which required thenative importers causing the quantities to be melted into whivh .a provided f<>r in the 20th artivlu .'the treaty— tope. 1»rilament did uot meet nil the iatt week ia Janu embodied to my observations, But if it be a reciprocity sanction of Parliament. If toe right honoraole gentle hgt'ed upon a great precedent wnen he finds that Mr. ten ounce ingots, which were fount convenient in many would be fulfilled and perfectly concluded. (Hoar, hear.; an ; and therefore for four months that treaty and all its treaty, then I ninst say that reciprocity was never tosstransactions, in place of the uvtiaJ heavy sums of sliver But it .s a mistake to suppose that article No 20 of this provisions had been canvassed and analysed, and adroitly managed. (Hear, hear). If, on tbe other band, itThe prolt however, led to supplies being desetched in treaty requires the sacctitn,cr, as the honorable member hR.i been in the mouthawana in the 'rated or is cot a reciprocity treaty, then I can find no satisfactoryexcess of the growing demand, and according to the tor Fmsbuiy calls it, the ratification, of tbe House o" many iHear, hear.) In February, 1 think on cause why these negotiations should have taken thto con-latest advices the sovereign was worth only 20s., a pr.ee Commons The House of Commons has no right under the '.'J of lebruary, Mr. Pitt, having a tew daysthe institution to sanction or ratny treaties; t and if herprevious y brought up tile treaty by command, as the no hie Secretary of State did tine other n'ght, gt»ve noticeventional form. (Hear, hear). I say, sir, I can find nosatisfactory cause: but I should be in error if I were to wbich a one legislative sanction is meant. Then come cer say that no cause has arisen. Tbe noble lord, tbe First tain other engagements contracted by England and France,which, reckoning the charges of rransruisnou, would .uvotve a kiss t the importer of three per cent. The remittones, therefore, will now again be limited to silver. lar to be enabled by this House to fulfil her engagements.which, as the last quotations of exchange show no alter it the House fulfils those engagements, tbe treaty becomes upon the House to take into consideration the treaty of us a reason for these matters under negotiation gagements as to what should be especially binding on Eng- aiion, may be expected to continue on their recent scale a complete tieaty, and there is no doubt it would be aoTbe Parts Moniteur publishes the official return of the cepttd as a complete treatv by the Power with which it was negotiated. (Hear, hear.) In effect, article 20, whichcustoms" revenue for tbe month of January, amounting bad oeen so much adverted to in this House, te 13,611,2S:r, being an increase of 1,023,990f. over the is to defend her Majesty if she found herself in corresponding month of 1869, and of 1,388.232?. over that a position in which she Is not sole to fulfilthat on tte 12th of that month (February) he should call Minister, at the commenaement of the session, gave and after toe fourteenth article following the British en-commerce with France, allotting ten days for the con taking tbe form of a treaty. The noble lord land, come, down to tbe twentieth article, the engage to have donsI 1 want to tee what course tbe wisdomMajesty exercise3 her prerogative, subject in any particusideration of a document which for four months had been so completely studied by the country that many cf its defects had been discovered, and Mr. PMt bad even negotiated a supplementary treaty by which those defects were remedied. And that is another hint which• despatch from Rome, dated on the 21st ultimo, says case, sua if the only mode in waich the treaty can be Parliament met, the Sovereign bad announced the negoti-brought before the House is by.the remission or reduction ation and ratification of the treaty from the throne, whish that Cardinal Antonei.;, in reply to the official despatch of of Customs duties in committee, and afterwards by the is not our case thus far. Mr. Fox immediately aroseM. Thouvenel from Para, said— passing of the Customs acts, I ask the House, bow are we against this proposition or Mr. Pitt and protested against to deal with these considerable questions which may arise rsaid it was owing to tbe peculiarity of tbe French ments which shall be binding on France, while it is pro- Of Parliament, as represented by toe honorable gentleman constitution, that peculiarity being tt>tfi—that the Sove- vided that the treaty shall not be valid till her Britan- who has Just cheered me, would point out (Bear) I reign of France can enter into treaties of this nature nic Majesty shall be empowered to carry out understood tbe right honorable gentle man to say thai we without consulting his legislative chambers, Interested the art'cles of the treaty. Tbe right honorable should separate the discussion of the treaty froa that though they are in transactions which so much affect the gentleman talks of our considering and assent upon toe financial arrangements of the year; that is to my,her engagements with the foreign Power withor 1868. which she has negotiated. (Hear, hear.) If this be the (Laughter.) Let the House remember that when theing people.•sued, and it to tbe general opinion of those who barebeard him that if he oonttooos preaching bare, btolartty will equal that of Mr. Spargeon. Htomntime popu- stances of assumed identity with the treaty of Lord (ions on these resolutions. Those resolutions embodied thesir, were toe proceedlcgs adopted bv Mr. Pitt? He announced the treaty in the speech from toe throne: that was not done upon tbe present occasion. but tbeAto votoe to remarkably clear and well mod-evangelical and anti slaverysigned four months before; and I was a little Sir-tbe tame Ume wttoholdtog any iniormattoaaa to bit gens- ral financial arrangementa. (Hear hear ) He asks us to con mit an error of toe grossest kind, and one a* ws evinced any intention to commit, toe House of Commons would bave corrected us, by expressing to the> qaivocal terms its sense aa to the folly of our rg« (Hear,hear^Mr.BniGHTthoughtthatfromtheveryeeraeetaad animated manner tn which the boeorable and learned gentleman had addressed the Ho..»e. a «tra«ferimight imagine that there was some great qoesStenbeiare n (aaiigh) ; but after listening to toe entire debate be Watt sorelyperplexedtoknowwhattb*yThe honorable member for BucUcfheaatttBreitem that it was not a party uu tt.;.., and he oMtnet add any confirmation to Uie statement when he tow taea that he had consulted no one but the learneojasaaber tor1 i r M Belfast, who. after all, was not » ''i •*M^ J » *£Mde were waging a party werfe: e He eouteaeafiad out rem toe righThonorable gentleman • ronntatton^iany more than from bis speech what was bto Hjeat, becausebewasr*rfectiyMt>»ft«itoat innjtnertheasanorthe)B W W nearly concerning the privileges of this House, and touch Mrraaa*«i^i?M" " »CM. tngtheveryconstitutioneftbecountry,endthatarticlewhat then occurred? Why, the resolutions of thto Hou«-andtheaddressweresentuptoabodywhichappear*to light, tfntexecutivessLctionwhichwouldpostponetoeadthe House, ana without reserve, and wKh tba usssost , ^ M U - „ , » TM „ .tear *a tasasl ad en (ke part ofl^,m.-'—w~notwithitmnding her Majesty had been fraakfss, to txptom to them tbe causa why, apparently T-«wiaaaWM«^ ik£motion In toe speech o- toe ^ * ' « • " . * * 1 wish to impress on the feelings of Uie House to-night I eitb what is due to him, who at a period when toe en North Warwickshire there was something real In tt•warn to take a courm illegal and unconmHtutijnal at UN. lam masMt oa Frklay mgbt, { aea^Sdm | W t S ^ J ^ JSecy contemplated by the 11th article, whicb so alarms e country. That to totally different from the circumThere were considerable debates, adjournments and divithe honorable member for Ftnsbury may avail himself of taxation of the country. (Hear, hear.) Now, air, during tog u> the "engagements of tbe treaty.-' What to February we ought to reduce the duties upon FrenchThat immediately upon receiving the orders of the on thw treaty, and which have nothing whatever to do ten days only being allowed. (Hear, hear.) We have as a general rule that they would not be constituted wereSovereign Pontiff, he will place tbe Nuncio at Para in a with questions of the remission or reduction of the O s only ten days allowed when the treaty was not even rati they not adapted to Uie exigencies of the time end to Uieposition to communicate tbe intentions of the Papal go- turns duties' (Cheers.) I would refer again to the tied. We nave not the advantage of the deliberation and character of the people among whom they exist But, Whatever toe constitution requires should be accomplished offieially announced, and for a period of three or fourvernment The moat influential members of the Holy eleventh article of tbe treaty, which greatly interests—College affirm that tbe Pope holds in readiness a mesa I may say agitates—tbe public mind of this country—theP'oprio, already signed, realizing the promises made at one which refers to tbe prohibition of the exportation of Casta; but that before promulgating it Piui IX demands coal, in wb.ch the Queen engages not to prohibit the exthat the patrimony of St. Peter shall be guaranteed to portauon of coal. There has been a great deal of discus skm and excitement in various places on this subject; butcriticism of four months. On the contrary, it is only by air, witb respect to the Legislative Chamber of France, I by toe functions of Parliament, and should he reserved tomonths, if we acted aa tbe right honorable gentleman now insists upon, we should have such a revival or differential duties ss would gladden the heart of toe right honorable gentleman Whilst we would have admitted French wines at 8s. a gallon, we should be charging 6a. lOd. a gallon upon Spanish and Portuguese wines Whilst we would be admitting brandv at aduty of 7s. fid. per gallon, we should be levelling a tax of 15s. upon Hollands, he Coder such a revival of differential duties, some nonorabw gentlemen opposite might imagine toe golden age te bateThe ship Lana, lately wrecked ou the coast of France, the question was never, in my mind, completely and Hou5c the importance of delay, and the absolute necessityclearly put before the country till it a s s stated on Fridaynight by my honorable and learued friend the member for theBlancheKef(whiteship)Nov.22,1120,havingonBelfast.Withregardtowhatwassaidbythenoblesecretoboard three children of King Henry I. of England, tbe ry opposite, I could not lofer from his observations that heor giving us time to consider in what manner we had best deal with the propositions of such a magniu miracle that, the budget having been introduced on i riday, we were not cal ed on to decide it on the following Thursday (Hear, hear.) And I think that all that has occurred upon these large transactions thus far use fairly shown that I was not irrational when I pressed en theam surprised that any gentlemen who are what are called its authority, we desire to bave submitted to toe decision "advanced liberals" should either apeak to dtoparagemeat of Parliament, and to bave fully secured to i t This com of that body or exult that they have not had Uie opportu- prises, first, legislative sanction to toose parts of toe nity of exercising their functions. The Ltgislmlive Cham treaty which require thatto give effect to its ber of France is elected by universal suffrage. (Ironical provisions; secondly, the power of expressing cheers from the opposition benches.) the hwanaMas the general views and feelings of parliament to Chamber qf France u chosen by baOrt. (Renewed cheers the Crown upon its advantages or dtoadvantage? from the name quarter) The LegislaMve Chamberof France to whole or to part; and. thirdly, toe power, if they dtoaptaare Malmesbury. What to the 11th article * My honorable pith of the commercial treaty; but the commercial treatyand learned friend called tbe attention of the House te tbe of Mr, Pitt was limited entirely to commercial considers .TiL*10 f n 7 , **!?» **! ^ adB,Jt> »° noneatly main- i prised, considering that the right honorable gentlemantatoed. (Hear, hear.) Tbere to n country, which. I has held offices which have placed him in contact with TIE 1HGL0-F1IIICI TEAM TUATY. the Sovereign the right of prohibiting the exportation of If not so limited tt would tell much better for my arru- hope, to not inferior either to Imperial Frnnei or tothat the trade and commerce of the country—I was surprised coals. Under the lltn article of this treaty the Sovereign ment But the twenty resolutions of Mr. Pitt ware uu- famous confederation beyond the Atlantic to which my that, 00 such a question, the right honorable gentleman baa screed with a foreign power noLio exercise that cuKed, amply dtocosted; divisions took place upon them honorable friend referred, and that to tbe country of did not look more to tke spirit, instead of adhering to Whatfact that the Parliament of, thto country had entrusted to tions and questions of navigation. (Ministerial cheerim: »lmportaatDiscissionlatbeKasrlieA Par- whichhasbeenentrustedtoherbyparliament,lorthe andtowardstbeendoftbemonth,tbe20th,Ithlnk01 whichweareproudtobemembers.Uavaaesu-l. tbe Treaty a Part of tbe spaceoftenyears. Isnetthatagravequestionr Igivs February,Uteywerepassedandtheywerereported,ami faithful tothantprxncipl*, of5?ff"'-Speeeb ofMr.Disraelioattoa noopinionontbepolicyofthegovernmentwithrespect immediatelyaltertheywerereportedMr.Putmoreda1K » « n * a o f tM« c r o w s - M i n i s t e r i a l K o - to that act, I give no opinion on the law of the question address to the Crown in answer to the passare in the aud those^opinioniwhich France and America shlhna&iin that wb.ch the right honorable gentleman suggested as toI am to night not wishing to mix myself up with any speech from tbe Throne, or rather a follower of Mr Pitt But, although those two great commumties w i i T t t i T £ tbt mode in which th* treaty should be carried into eft-.tt,controversies of any kind—(hear, bear); but I ask the did it—at least a resolution was moved pledglug tba House here to those opinions, I think it is some smwfacttosTto especially considering the efleets that might be produced In the House of (XHamoas on the Mth of February— House, ought a treaty including such as article as that, so to enable his Majesty to carry that treaty into effect And c a n that whatever difference there may b e V n ^ S them on tbe trade and revenue of the country by delayingnot a nnanetoi or a ftscal one, escape tbe due considersibioigh these negotiations, that there it the sam Si 111O.l ventaye which tradeta might look for from Ua speedyme to be entirely forgotten in this transection, a*cau,e iny tor constitutional principles. Free ua e inwtoie. atoption of the treaty. (Cneere.) Mr. Pitt, uo doubt, pve any opsalon on the policy of Ibe^Prova^Ttbe baa of the Hoass of Commons* (Hear, bear ) 1say that when hei^Majesty, to her negotiations with the Raperor principletreaty of commerce with lrraaee. S lanste^sill it h. atone, the argument from tbe nth article is oue which I of the French, speaks of tbe assent of Parliament J*..,-?' •,na.,T0 4 o H ^ » " . " 7 good thmgs_(mXP r ri aj-'eptr-i the mom expedient and liberal course at tbethink is unanswerable for tbe end I hsve in view—that of * ^»a?i«annto**fa? bringing thto treaty before tbe House of Commons—for tt»er to that statement it shall be oaly feeTM aaanant sad thorities, men wbe have been eminent in this House and took no further steps in the business unul toe ilmse MP Il*r V° ^ M '••«"»••< » W has been devtsed to *i'tat nurrs of that t languished man. I agree that1 1 6meat which has recently beta aeade by the r a w L i T ! , never has been from the beginning brought before us (Hear, hear.) But Mr. Pitt sent the resolutions end ad-0K *^ hardly suppose that government considers that1 to t h lS c i o t o , t l S S L * r * * . * " » » 6oo.«ltuuonai principles are better—(opposition cheersj-und alto* memm that be was ct ted upon to negotiate a treaty wttb Jlianc*, and the right bono; able gentleman has very pro prriy vindHB ed tor b<m the praise he deserves I hope"ZfmtZT** "V P ^taebobesuer ami ff .or a « « , , \ ^ «uE3%« (Bear, bear.) But tt hap been held by very great au- ?T * - i h * Bou»« * l*"* ^r con,.deratioa, and tiewed cheers ) Now, this treaty of commerce before a. and think that we have not endeavored to depress thebananasIfeelthatIaaboundteplacestyseirright'with inanotherHouseofParlament, that antoflordshadequallypseaedthoseresolutions,aftera'or mat but most memorable debate, distinguished bmoa* other things, by a speech of the highest estate from see first Marquis of Iaasdowne, which may still to read with treatthat O 0Ur Ure 00nut!!il nbatevirbethelesulia>«ioperationoftoemeasurebe-"-?«ca7r°v^ii K«^ -u ' ^ °Sa carrying it out to fact it has deprived another fore the Houtc as to irane and commerce, toose who haveother did he di- u ge toe real^object aad purpemtof bto r b e b wthe Parliament constom of only the House o" Coauawearnestly entreat ber Majesty's Ministers not to force us I(rlii.irt.et t,that cow exists did not prevail, succeeded be dug up theories that tbey thought my bonombte friend tbe member for sasex, which *?TJwrth*Je<" the engagement to a complete one profit, and which proved that be was a statesmen of the to any division upon this question. I ask them fairly in obtaining toe assent of Parliament to bto treaty with and buried, never more to appeariwterpMe bewera tbe House and Urn emeonmeat of > TM-."<>Jr**--not•o fnraa the highest order. And then, also, the Honse or Un!s as to meet tbe points which I have placed before them—that prance (Cheers.) The right honorable gentieman com cU not blame h.ru for the coarse beaatandsnaiU I owdlaily approve, and winch, whea Sat!!?**i*?***V>mmttoconcerned,oathepartofher tentedtoan address to the crown, and tbetw.>bouecs tbeywillnot merely, byconcurrence and cooperation, plainsthattheprecedentsetthen to toe speech fromthe .»iit ret understand the point of view from which brcoght toraard, I shall entirely support (Hear, bear) E S S L ^ ^ S J ' ^ **»Jesty is sble, by reductions and wrat up with their joint addresses and what "net tookafter tbe aaaacbU stssemwat of tba Cbtacellar of tba Ex rv h e V ! ^ l l U ? . " " • » " to *y nw Parliament, to car placer Mr. Pitt left those catottiUoos un the uble au<l but by their leading agency, bring back Uie House to that throne was am obeerved in our case; but we could not he saw these questions; but be denounced tba whole cntqoer had been made I felt it my dnty to aaanHw an b o u n T b r i K ^ S ^ J ? ? 0 • * * . •«• "»)*•* »aaal be brought forward his Consolidation set, and when the 00 is< path or public business from which they have, I think, so make toe ai ccunct ment, because we had no information thing, did not believe in tbe treaty or its principles, aad U.e fotkca eg i ay. la eoejuactbMt with those wttb whom I o ' ^ ^ ^ l B v e a a a . S L 0 ' * £ ^ < * T i r t b * t be tbe went into committee upon the Customs Consolidation %, i unfortunately deviated. (Hear ) I aocuae the govern- that the treaty bad been signed. Tbe right boeorable Hke a man stood up against them, however extravaganthave the fctnor to set, tbe propcentone ef theThm* iivpt*uit*>. e/ter bsetae gvem Asm Astun coajadfrort>.<n, a§/pmur to m of* aVtsysreai»r. whenamtototer aaaounors a grant aytstotato in the•aryTit the'«Id3«S!l?.? " ~ h o w • t t c a man • • ^ those resolutions were submitted to that .• uuuniu-.n.u tu- ment—I will net use Uie word "accuse" - nut I would im snxueman says we ought to have advised h-r Majesty to and sTiontous. supporting the snottva in toe hope tnat it conesder M?L\Z £%£%£<«}'- •»?. methodically Cestoms arts, and there they weir woraed out and br ><i,-h' putc to the government tn thto matter nothing but mad make known Uie treaty by a message to the House. Thst aoctd pet rid of the obnoxious f'-aty. If hewer'an the rerenae; because tt mSS S l 2 ^ , ^ ^ * n i f into practical effect After tbe bouse had discussed tin- verttnee. Tt to, however, madvtirienco which, if per it a point of parliamentary law on which we may fairly etirr ftdf f t»' Hi*ue—and H .«.; • M< aa uncemfv*tnbleenaaadbma ef tbe eonntry, a tba Aan of a large ana dad* that th*mrereigneoikib*^22^avwwed^flclt—whea, under tbeae circenanaacas, be pro- bydeaJtsgwttb'tbebraaebeaofourrevenue,teaa that deartoney, and only to make MM ttbebalanceof(Hear.)et sanaawa,«ewe,/Undertheseprecedrntt—Imaybetold,"Yonerereferringtelinvwshouldbesubmittedfranklybyth*Ministerto •|ft<1.r.tymsatif14amutatefromAtCw*,*cdthough a«-.-Tfc«intw>irt«'•'"/}<4«*i»r-f'Ttt.andrantParmammtby a refuel of the B a a ? o T c o a ? ^ 2 W°°-dthetmrrtianbear.) Iatsawed,str.thataahaanttsa an a< Mr QiAxaron. the Chancellor of the Exchequer, who thto kind to puerile. (Cheers ) It asanas varupon rising wss received wttb cheers, said -Sir , the right effect to whicb any we debate the prevbaoas ef the 1that ever has occurred. (Hear) TPa*, itr, tee bear* honorable gentleman, to toe motion he has proposed to 5l^i«^a!^*^"''y-^', ^r m »great deal news/ awfMfteMaasf tit laHf.e^tfUu^some ctoht abandoning for the most part, though I think not citmt of Mr. Fox,r id"I should tike to know to^baTeTuTtavw idea, the ofsprxng s / A t t »Hghlanmi apt, and only withentire consistency, to hit speech, those most tote toe right honorable geatiesaea waetiOsomxred in atowcW. (t^sgaSsr.) Wamn Mdwnv restTinBgt saand important topics of a genesral nature whicb wtoh to enforce the oyman uttered ny ar. rax aa ia*opinions uttered by Mr. Fox en the that a rtform of m <# 3M articles %n the tariff u one of the are connected with the financial proposals af tbe govern French treaty. Thougah. —tbo—te - — ^ ^ ^ ^ "* ^"^•obtained that result than he introduced bis Consolidationof Cut tome and Excite bill; the House went into corr nut-tee, and he reported these resolutions to the committee,and then the committee bad the opportunity of consider- sition. How chivalrous, then, was tbe conduct of toe lent to Mr. Mata principle 1 "right honorable gentleman whea, casting over as bto pro fbeert). Mr Pftt pro oatd a Committee ef i_ tecang arms, be sags, "I bave not toeshghtest doubt that Hu.se upon tbe nnaaaerolal treaty wttb Freaes, and _tba was done by an inadvertency!'' It it certainly one ofthe fnett exemplificatiensof tkalmrinoiait of Christian chartty to tsesraence of which many af us men yesterday emhart-ti that 1 havee-Mr seen aitplayedinthis house. (Cheers and came to tbe conclusion that MY. Pitt was right In adoj laughter.) Ear, I cannot accept tba apology the right bo- the form of n committee, aad that fhey would have 1 nwrabto gentleman has kindly made for us, any more thanthen, would It have been oonstotent wttb tbe goeatai tbt l.aa •f toe Bouse that I should bave come dowa aad prtfeani exclusive legtotatton to favor ef French prodeettnasf iHear. bear) Every man >s mind must at once answer thai n * a course woelt have been impossible We eouM set hsve asked the Bones to go Into committee aa the treat* with Francs, and then have pi'iaiiaU lignmUssft questions of such importance, and of such complicated gentleman to correct neither to bit facto nor to hit prtnci commercial matters which tt would have been bsxonacharacter demand? (Bear.) Well, now, sir, I ask tbehouse wby should we not follow lu the present instancethe same course as the government of 1787r That to aquestion which I think ought to be answered} sad tf weloliow that course, tt appears to me that we shall re-move all tbe difficulty which members on bothsides most feel, and we should have thus suffi- out of doora which are dependent on the results of thto cient opportunities of debate and discusniion which,tbetr scope to deal wttb. I could net have _to go tote committee on the subject of French 1then bave invited them to go Into a committee an a lution relating to all blade of wines. Now 1want ts kaow wfaonre acting really to the spirit of Mr P n t - | ask, are act we, wbe ars endeavoring to forward As commerce of toe eoontiy by great changes, devised a aa enlightened spirit, and who ars acting In toe course of parliamentary taw and precedent?—Not that we elans for ourselves a praise which was due to Mr. Pitt, who stood in the front of bto party and his countrymen to enforcing toe adoption of great aad sound prtooiples—in tbe mode to which those important questions have beenintroduced to us, it seems inevitable wsshall be deprived instance or two to order to show what I mean by my alle-of; and that above all we shall have thto treaty brought under our cognizance and criticism, whicb, so far as I can iudge, will not otherwise be the case. Iamatatoea tounderstandwhatobjectionbarMajesty's ministerswill make to tbe proposition wait whicb I shall conclude. I should be exceedingly glad if I could obtain my purposegotiator of the treaty; and, secondly, on the form of theinstrument to which the result of the negotiations to placedbefore us. And I do so because I cannot help reeling mercial duties. Wby, sir, the second article of that treatysamemit toement; be knew bto duty as a commercial mfntoltr a great deal too well to put the clauses of a treaty to A s hands of toe clerk at toe bible, end ask the sense of tbe Bouse up- on each of them (Hear, bear ) We have held that our first duty waa, without interposing difficulties, to bringinder the cognizance of Parliament toe most vital aad tcbstantial parts cf tbe treaty which we have advised her Majesty to adopt, aad that would have been toe direct eflbct of our pro- ceeding ; and I doubt whether tbere to toought to adopt I think we can do no better, ia the pre night I wish to avoid any controversy on bto conduct; but privileges. He says we have done this in total aban-sent state oi affairs, than follow these precedents wiih which the wisdom and experience of cy- predecessor* have furnished us Ibcre are several precedents whl. 1 apply to the present -tale of public business of the Bouse,to recommend to Parliament to complete toe r, ;• na- u. U. Tbe government that rr-.t'e that arrangement ariib a foreign power never came to Parliament to ap- preve toe provision when they laid toe treaty on theMas, (Hear, bear.) The course we have adopted a the course dictated by general propriety and a regard to the privileges of Uie House of Commons, and hkewas by that which he never mentioned, but which, undoobtodb/. bas been much to the Batods of the government, namely, a regard to tbe interests of those great bransbee of tradetreaty. (Cheers) But the right hen. gentleman to notcorrect. I said, not in his facts: and I will give you anit ban been objected that tbere is in the treaty a wanton donment of the precedent of Mr. Pitt; be com-destruction of sources of revenue much wanted at thto plains that we have committed a gross error by mix gcLtleman formed a part. ( ieers and laughter.*particular time. But. then, it to perfectly consistent with ing up tbe treaty with tbe financial arrangements of Uiethe opinion of Mr. Oobden that be should recommend the year, wbich be says ought to be kept studiously apartsacrifice of revenue, because Mr. Oobden to never at from it; and iaitiy, be says wc can agree with dignity toiauli in his opinions—openly, frankly and honestly pro- his motion. 1feel gTeat difficulty on toe score of dignity: el ty of Parlament at to the provisions of this treaty ; in- fessed as they always are—Mr. Cobden to never at fault but likewise I feel most conclusive objections to too moman will observe the structure or toe treaty he will dis- cover toe bearing of toe different articles, and he will tee that the fourteenth article regulates the exact nature of the sanction to be given by Parliament, and toe necessary legislative sanction Is toe final approval by Pur!.anient. byTitt had separated his treaty from his budget, ana ha 1oiuted out with great exultation toe fact of Mr. Pitt having first moved for a committee upon his treatv before he proceeded with Uie consideration of toe Customs aoa in committee. So, then, here to toe true meaning of tits right honorable gentleman's motion It appears that the real sin of the government to hit eyes is, that tbey have combined the treaty and the budget in one. Hear, bear." from Mr. Kewde-gate ) What, then, ought wsour conversation on Friday last some notice was taken, efgage ments dees the right honorable gentleman mean f wines and spirits by resolution, and to have released aand I regret Uie tone in which it was taken, of Uie Legis- lative Chamber of France. I make It a rule, air, to speak with unaffected respect of the constituted authorities of foreign countries. (Hear, hear.) I thmk we may take itItoee he consider that the House of Commons is to assent great number of other articles coming from France from to every engagement about the Cuctoms duties, and that any duties at all. Surely, toe right ton Table gentlemantude. (Hear,hear.) Well,uponthe11thofaresenttothttrteatsfromeUctoraldistrijs. (Cheer-February, Mr. Pitt called the attention of the ing sad laughter.) And If they be salaried membere, why, damnation. (Hear.) Does Uie right honorable gentle- come back agate to us I was delighted toHocse of Commons, which bad on bis motion, moved into a committee of the whole House—he called' the attention of the committee to the consideration of tbe Krench treaty, in a rery ample and able speech, ia whichhe considered the instrument both commercially and legislative Chamber of France may be inferior to us in po treaty. What is it tost the right honorable gentleman which the noble secretary referred, contained only an en politically, and he concluded his speech by moving a reso Ittical sagacity or in legislative skill. It may be that they does require—for though he has to bis speech divergedgagament on the part of her Majesty not to enforce one lution. Now. sir. that resolution, the Bret of twenty re have not that high sense of political liberty which Tbe London Star, of tbe 22d of February, says—Tbe against tbe other, against^ne Emperor of Russia—any pro solutions which Mr. Pitt had prepared, and tliese resolu- nourishes in thto country. Perhaps—at toast it is my Raw. H. IX Northrop, of tbe United States, preached last bibiton or importation or exportation which shall not at tions—let me call the attention of the House particularly opinion and I bave often expressed it—to the old countriesSunday evening lb the Pavilion theatre, Whitechspel; tbe the same time be applicable to ail other nations. That is to this iact—these resolutions were not resolutions similar of Europe political liberty and aristocracy are inseparablep'eoe, which is said to hold above (bur thousand, was not the case which the 11th article of tile present treaty to those which the Chancellor of the Exchequer has (Opposition cheers.) Bat, sir, thto cannot be denied, thai tbe precedent set by Mr. Pitt, we bave founded our con convenience. What would hare been your opinion of us crowded to every part Mr. Northrop is a young man deals with. Nothing can prove that more clearly than placed on the paper, in order that they may be moved a body of men, elected under such circumstances aad duct to every substantial principle, upon toe precedent if we came and asked you to remit taxes to the amount about three sad twenty, sad baa come to England on a that the negotiations ia article 19 of the treaty of com m tbe committee on tbe Customs acts. They were general chosen under such conditions, must at bast represent the set by Mr. Pitt, making due allowance for toose changesvan, expecting to return shortly to America, being en- merce inserted a proviso which clearly shows the contin resolutions. Mr. Pitt himself tmpreseed on the House not opinions, or, at any rate, Uie prejudices of Uie multitude of circumstance's and the altered condition of the tawfairly understood the question: because tbe noble Secretary referred to a treaty with Russia which had been negotia" ted by lord Maluiesbuty; and the noble lord (Tord J Run sell) seemed to conclude that the case of that treaty waswhen advanced opinions are triumphant, it will berecognised that they have only anticipated the idea of aBritish member of Parliament. (Renewed cheering.) that toe House of Commons to to pass a But, sir, possibly—I give no opinion upon the matter—Uieeach ia to be ascertained through proceeding by resolu- tion. I cannot ascertain what he thinks a to be ute fane tion of Psiliament, and bow far that is to Interfere with toe function of the Queen as to the treaty. (Hear, hear).must be aware that it has been the custom for a great number of years, after a duty has been reduced or re- pealed, to give immediate effect t? the change. It would take eflbct to tbe Custom House on toe morning it wasprove of the treaty, ef visiting the authors of it with consufficiently into details, be h u carefully svofded giving full explanations as to the meaning of his inquiries. Now, sir, I contend that so far from having drawn the treaty from the cognizance of this house, and having abandonedgiving effect to. (A laugh.) Our defence for the mixing up of toe treaty and the budget may be given to two aea- tencea We consider that all exclusive legislation to en- tirely out of question, and that ia one of the principles WS want to see tested by tbe vote of to night The second reason is one having reference exclusively to tbe publicferred the other night with legitimate pride te th! circum-stance that Uie most powerful Emperor In Europe, aadUie most flourishing community in Uie United States stdiprofessed those opinions to favor of pretention'to treaty which to Mr. Pitt's time was announced to the Ing down to tbe House of Commons to ask it to commit native industry which to this House h T h a s to speech from the throne, was a treaty that had been ttfelf vitally in regard to toe revenue of the year, aad atWtKavenotiJTM. bethoughtmightbaveb-entoestrictletteroftheob- pr^ecZstan^M^u servance. (Cheers) Ithinkthatnomoreabsurdpro- ptafttwsseversubmittedtotheHouseofCommonsthanLegislature of its privileges. (Hear, bear ) That is what prev-ounfe-i it deserve little credit and honor compared**J& general principles, then they had aa opportunity of inter titled in, will lead to great Parliamentary inconvenient, expect to receive correction if we have aci'd wr-jogly, but ,t.r-v»t'~'ttf > £'i«*g a'the BuC '.and the treaty in pri- nmitwrtdm' ing Into all tbe minuttn which a •nbjt ct o<~ that klad de- and ultimately probably to treat public injury. (H«ar, fjch is not our Impression AfUr all ih>. ctmnvtinl trm ~.i/e. i<r wt'ifiip >£:••*> 44'v o' it i- (ft- Bourn, he uxmlibear ) I maintain it W tbe right of Uie House of Com 'i<* ** A>er v\tnr'frd—H> wusysi to be olwwr *>.*•>**'*'*' r.iuit, .••<•- that i" f rv-.),' (,>.• tf»ve <> mistake that the*•/esmaawason manded(Cheering.)Now,sir,1kaoelshallb»t4.1BVinsthattbbicommercialtreatywithFrance -»«'•'•»«vi/cinmmilt.tut,thatany<**iut£*ma-l' y,..t.*it<i<«-».'1••;»adrixt*>iartrriogintoit,thai0<e —there were seme impatient gentlemen wh«*a 1 tented ofUntitled Documentour uiu. iu aud constituttoeal twito?. (<:becra.).fjt,: ••(••('• an-,t u ,;Hi*r. 1.41.1 Tsat would be anproceeded in conformity with toe answer which tana, hjbtenad atetwet weald bare green. (Hear, tear a What waa toe conduct of Mr. Fox' He did net weal uterus delay, but be was net ready to go at core tolatime boldlyadmit that the principle of good principle: but I was >aorryi r e sthings we are negotteUons ofgoing to propose. He did not sub* hie treaty to tbe s a i n t ef Farito*which would not bave been embraced in toe resolutions of whicb I bave given notice. If I understand the right honor- able gentleman, he thinks tt a great ofTmce to the minister to have advised his Sovereign to make a treaty in whichcontinuance to off.;«, and that was a government oi w ch tbe right honorablethat Thomas M. Tryniski 309 South 4th Street Fulton New York 13069www.fultonhistory.com / 