 6<cries of New England; felt in the com- NEW YORK HERALD. authentic information, that the northern whale mercial cities of the seaboard; Mt oy catch this fcestoo wouhl be small. the merchants of this city; Mi by all clsseer The news we publish from the northern part of It was in the Sonih that the terrible financial Mexicowillbefoundgreeting, Themanifesto revulsion;Of18*7commenced,Whichshoo£theucobaif s *«k.°P brtken down spoilsmen organize •ant excursion np Salt river, toey w/* *• » FOCBim LATIEmoi mm.OrrtC*of Gov. \ i.lu.irji, of New Leon and Coahuila, gives North through ifa whole extent, spreading ruin a compute picture of the past and present condi- and dismay. V tha panic which is no* threat-candidate. Thee^PJMtheoldhiimbugof torianimportantdocumentwhichhasbeen "wUharowing/' maktog sacrifices for the goad published by Gen. Vidaurri, Governor of «heof the party, and other cant of tX% same sort States of Nuevo Leon and Coahuflo- of tin?- -1 -1 • i nawnaaawiaajaAaaae*>MM AXAa*^,BkiHSEPT, gMTOBANUPROPRIETOR.a "Convmrrkn," or a 'WardCommittee," or tome other apparently official Concern, and set up Tom. Dick or Harry as the regular partyarrival of the City of Washtagwi • OffCapeRaceM u n m ABBBICAB uvmnu»*u**r *"-p*r endmany of the republican merchants aod mechan- ics and factory hands at the North will curse the day they were ever induced to join a fanati-to the republicans, and they have set him on his pins again with his new paper.|BBT A*T3< HIM!Meeeualw'Boll,i nBroadHon. Salmon P. Chase, of Ohio, delivered a speech last evening in Brooklyn, in the'republican• IBU>*8 •ALOOP XiWTit.j tB tTHionui Bona*. raises 0* Wales' BAU..ass, DJJUXS, to.—are compelled by the press of matter to hold it over. *> The cotton market was steady yesterday, with tales ofabout «,06O bales, cloning on the basis of abrot ll\e. forcal party which has brought such ruin upon the ginning of their sorrows.by act of Congress, it has had a hard struggle to keep its head above water, and we dare say that, with Lincoln's election, it wial be one of a numerous gang of live-by-chance party organsnear ap-.Duon, to —Ws COMrsoa TSOi,!'#»~rCAPTlRBCrr K<*fno H l t t , MS Broviwav.--Soscs. BASCSS, Bnui«m, to.METROPOLITANINGTON HEIGHTS Rsaiox.--We understand thattreasure from San Francisco, and advices from our Pacific possessions, New Granada, Pern, Chile, Japan and the Sandwich Islands. The chief points of the news from California, Oregon and Washing- ton Territory have been forestalled by the overland pony express. We, however, publish in another column a letter from our San Francisco corres- pondent, giving an interesting summary of occur- rences down to the 1st inst.Advices from Washington Terriory state that Colonel Casey, of the United Sates army, com- manding trotps there, has received orders from his superior officer to pay no more rents for the •station back of Steilacoom. For several years the United States government h i v e been paying an annual rent of ItiOO to a British agricultural com- pany, for the purpose of keeping troops within the boundaries of American soU.There was not much change in the affairs of New Granada. The government continued to be suc- cessful against Mosquera and his followers. That General was not exactly defeated, but nearly so, at Manizales. A trace followed, and certain terms wereproposedbyMosqueraasabasisofasettle- ment, which, it ia said, have been rejected by the government, which is ia possession of all the ports of Cauca, MoMrueras State. Bat though the revo- lution seems nearly at an end.it is supposed that intrigues at the capital and a variety of party in- terest* will tend to protract the war. Panama was quit-t at the sailing of the Ariel, and the British and United States naval forces had been withdrawn; yet there was considerable uneasiness, and rumors that the negroea contemplaced another attack kept the people in a state of great anxiety.Onr correspondent attached to the Chiriqni sur-veying expedition has sent us a detached narrative but that a majority of the House of Repre- of the opera "ions of the hydro graphical branch of sentatives and of the Senate are from the same the survey, which may be found in another column. section. In the next Congress the House ofpoor Fremont was not worth two hundred and^wttl probably be the boat, aa H lathe $/**, «f the season. herd at Albuqasrqae, beef csttts. 1 were followed, bat the led tens killed alltbecetUt!The United States cltims against Pern are no fur-ther advanced than they were at previous advices.Our Callao correspondent hints that a little firm-ness would settle them very quickly. President Cas-tilla paid a visit to the Lancaster, which is at Cal-lao, and was received with all the honors due tohis position. There is considerable dissatisfaction tionists. Now there are twenty-five from theof Manhattan Island will present some of the most striking evidences of the fact But if, on the contrary, the pending election should culmi- nate in a disturbance of the commercial rela- tions between different sections of the country, then property in this city will be depreciated fifty per cent, just as stocks have been depre- ciated frem ten to twenty per oent for the lastSJJBSSJSJ the officers and men of the American squa-dron, the alleged cause of which is the fact that tion upon 'the basis of destroying the social they are paid is base money of Peru and Bolivia, fabric of the fifteen States ef the South. The the real value of which is lesa than represented.N. Sanders touching the offer of the Vise Presidency to RIO, l$)ic a IJtka Sugar -Cuba, 7ft. s iX*.We are in receipt of Valparaiso papers to Sep-tember M. The country was engaged in prepara- they look forward to the time as near attions fpr the celebration of the national anniver eary of September 18. In"the tfxtra session of the Chilean Congress BOWsitting, among other useful laws proposed. Is one lntrodaced by the Minis ier of theInteriorfortheerectionofanotherprovince to the north of the river Manle-a measure called,tor by the iacreased comnercial necessities of the population Another section of the railroad to Santiago was nearly ready for use. The South-i railroad was also progresatng. The Coquimbo raikoadhad been com nenced with the moat pro jwas SBppoFtd at Honolulu. being the o p ^ i m onpeBed to travel to that bourne from W,"** «> newspaper ever returns.SKCESMON IN M*xi<j&—We make room today.TtriUCfcXK-.—NEW fORK HBBALD WEDNESDAY, OCTOBER 24, 18C0.-TBIPLB SHEET.tion of the republic. There is evidently springingup in that portion of Mexico a desire for annexa- que»c*s to tha North would oe worse than they ttuff end nonsense, as the small politicians will Gen. Degollado. Commander in Chief of thetion to the United States, though at present con-fined to very lew. The flourishing and peatefal were in 1887^ If they are preparing for tevofled out; ere long. And while we earnestly urgecor readers to vote the Union electoral ticket,we also trust that they will select for Congress,Judges and Assembly, the best men, no matter thf confederacy of Mexico. • contest has whether they come from Tammany or Mozart, epruDg op between the Governor of one whether they support Douglas or Breckinridge, of| the States and the Commander in-Chiefwhether they are regular or irregular. of the federal forces, in which each claimsRattle Betwten the OirihaJ. I duns andcondition, politically, of California. Texas andNew Mexico is an example to Mexicai^who be-hold the helplessly distracted condition of their tbemteiv-es and not tend It for goods to the eotmtif, which moat produce an all-powerful North; the chances, therefore, are that a stag- eHect It ia said that in the event of s>wsr with nation in business, and a commercial revulsion, Spain, Vldeerri will declare the territory of whichhe ia Governor independent, and throw himself onthe United States or some other foreign Power ableto afford protection to yfe and property.By the arrival of the ship Parana at tills, port every probebUlty be will be. and it yesterday from Buenos Ayres, we have received will then be seen bow much of teality files of papers and tetters from our correspondents there Is in the revolution of the South. to the 4th nit A terrific gale visited Buenos Ayres There are those who affect to despise on -the 29th snd 30th of August, causing great de- the Southern States, and say we would be bet-anusMixirrs THIS EV*BIBO.AOADBSV OF MUS8KIC, rourtesma —TTAUAS Ore- struction of property in the city and port. The ter without them. Such persons never hroublecondition, had been in the receipt of some sixthousand dollars a year, more or less, from the State to defend it against the forces of the contiguous ones of Zacatecas,Tamaulipas and Chi- eta.BetaOa of the battleofIS i f f f **mauom aA*DB*. B*oadway.-sj*e i»*«- T«M WirtAR»(JU>DlBOWEET TrTEiTB* Bowerr-W^s V,cr«-A-«0WALLACE'S f H U m Broedwoy.-rxATiiw W m escaped with but trifling injury.The torchlight procession of the opponents of donble, is really supporting the Northern treasury, in the way of charity, the-Penni^wtLAOBA TUElTR* Mo. IM Broadway.- black republicanism mat night was a grand affair, population in our large cities. Take away nian must have died of starvation. It had livedaew York, arriredat |n t BOWEBT THBATBE. nowwy.—n&. iosw*raAHor l U BsAA-MOTHSa QOOSS-BT Wfirxt's Coos.and was more brilliant, more numerous and more that support, and an amount of suffering and upon these sops and subsidies when under the come impiacticable. Our own foolish politi- Tbe position ef affawa to fan fBpal*Custom House was flooded with water, the gas works destroyed, a number of buildings swept fromtheirfoundations,andtwomilesoftheSan Fernando liailroad track were washed away, while in the harbor two vessels were sunk and nineteenthemselves with statistics. Of the exports of the country seventy per cent are frem thefiery grave after the lapse of centuries. We are on the brink of a social and political volcano, and we are lulled into perfect security, notwithstanding the rumbltog souads beneath and the smoke above that always proceed from fire. The explosion may take place at any mo- ment, and yet we are apparently as uncon- cerned as if it were a thousand years ahead.Some of those who. do pay attention tothe ominous signs of the times say that the cryof secession at the South is but the old cry of"wolf." But suppose it is: the wolf comes at peifect collection of beautiful demesnes andlast, and we are unprepared for his attack on the fold.It will be seen that Louisiana and Floridaare likely to identify themselves with the South-ern revolution, while a voice from Alabamareiterates her determination not to submit tothe tjranny of the North; and in South Caro-lina decisive measures are indicated for pre-cipi'atieg the crisis. Mr. Mason, of Virginia.ChairmanoftheCommitteeonForeignRela-tions in the United States Senate—the highestofficial position in that body-delivereda speech two or three days ago at Richmond,in which he shows the progress of the anti-slavery sentiment at the North, and that the re-publican party are identical with the abolitionparty- that such are the aggressions of theNorth that the South is now at their mercy inthe Union—that the balance of power in Con- try, providing for. as it does, a moot magnificentgress which protected the South is lost—that not suburb to the metropolis. If the present po-litical question should be settled amicably there will be a greater accession to the wealth and splendor of New York within the next ten years than even the rust decade, with all itsNawOasaaf «,oa.BMonly will the President be elected by the North,agreeablein i tCuriouslyenough, theflunkeystame time in test \ ear. Reectpie w «s tsu la* pretend to know, bat that seven or eight, aad perhaps 6ofcCObaV*. Stock at all Seathera j oris Hot SdRepresentatives will probably be republican, prosperity, produced; and perhaps this portionof the foreign press—the Arrowsmlth of theLondon Times, and the Hon. Grantley Berke-ley—agreed in opinion with the gentlemen'sgentlenA . The Prince, the Duke of Newcastleand uJother gentlemen in the royal partywere delighted with their trip, but Mr.Plush and Mr. Arrowsmitii were in a stateof profound disgust over it These lattergentry represent a certain class of Britonwho travels all over the world with; hiseyes shut and his enlarged mind fixed uponTemple Bar. For him there are no beef steaksto eat, no ale to drink, no police, no fogs, nonothing, half so good as in London. He won-ders that there should be so many foreigners,whereas he thinks it Is every one's moral dutyto be born under the British Hag. He is moreloyal to the beef and beer of old Englandthantothegovernmentorthepersonofthesovereign. This species of animal is very Oftenencountered In this country, and his stupidity,and the Senate will soon be of the same com- plexion. From fifteen free States in 1850 there were only thirteen members in opposi- tion in the Senate, and only five of these aboli-creates no surprise here. The fusion between.the repab, lican aad Douglas factions in the Legtsmture wan cess' plete. They coalesced also on the Congressional election, but were beaten.roner AW raa vici PBBWJ>KIICT.An evening,paper contains the explanation ol George• uBBOOS.OeLj), Flour dull and uaohar|re*v w , neat steadr r»»,same States, pledged members of an organiza-oLAoaxwu, Oat $>.leaders of this sectional party, arrayed on acouple of months...I..III.,.1III.,I I ,... ,,,!—• -^-.^|. I I , . ->.I, „Mr. Yancey. It does not mead the matter. BEXaUXRIDGE AKD SIA TI OOKSCtOJThe Douglas and Bell jouioals are importuning Mr Breckinridge to respond to the questions of the Norfolk ekctor about coercing a State.THE roans ABD rax N.*BU>KAT AT BOOST- V«R.\C,IM«'i, $1$ S2 S. Bacon-Ssf es, 11X v a 11X* j 9>£o.s*?4c Wonkaseat*dyatM*caMX*AiaAST.oaa Ftorr dull and uncbaof »d. Wheat dun «••»gaa, in Ms. $&&«.; redSt ate,$l». Oebj.»X»-R setts UO.Oni, buebekt f Jam dull at «7>A * mixed. Bartey--iai»e supply: OaoednEa*» mixed State, 7Cv „ U We Score, 74^5 •"•geographical line, do not hesitate to say thatA CURIOUS POLITICAL HASH.—The list of nomi- nations for Congress, Assembly and judicial offices, which we have already published, affords a rare study for political philosophers. The terrified democracy are split up into as many cliquesastherearedaysintheweek,each claiming to be regular, when everything is irre-band when, in addition to the President and thetwo branches of Congress, they will have thecontrol of ihe Supreme Court of the UnitedSlates allthatiswantingbeingthedeathoftwo or three aged gentlemen. Having secureda majority in that tribunal, who, contrary to itsdecision in the Dred Scott case, will decide that gular, and the voters who have been in theMuch pleasure is expressed inartistie circles at the b«he%. w4tek.,.jr -ic ^ ^ ^ n - j j -city, containing six Congressional districts, there torpoorchildreaistobeestablished—! corpus *&&otber measures foreshadowed in areoverfourantirepublicancandidatestoeach themorestupidhebecomes.TBS BBBUBG J* TOS S O WQenUsBssn who have visited different Southern StatesmpreweatthatthefeelingofthepeopletJtnon-intar-• free academya (act whkh says a great deal for the public spirit 1 ***** programme. district, and the aspirants for the Assembly areOf Chile. Trade and commerce Under these circumstances, a writer in I)e even more numerous than those who pant for a—- „.. .- ... i., prosperous. Bete'* Rtvime, in.a powerful article, shows that Te have intelligence from Japan bythe brig *e only chance for the safety of the South and ,whicharrivedatVictoria,V.L,inballast,»wInstitutionsistoretireatonceinpeacebreaking up of the democratic party is a very re. serious thing for the myriads, ef newspapers,Ifaws ti-exaCAPTIT* OF OCADAIAJABA BT THE LIBSRALB.city.sutUKthaitheliberalarmy,uaderGen bad rjssanrsd the city of Oosdalsjora.- Non-Aniva1ottheFABTBSB POIICT, Oct. So-11 P. M.Theweather is cold, calmaad clear.eamsbip Canadian, now due off this point, with liver-enedIntheSouthshouldIncreave,thecw«**-Peoplehavebecomeqnttedisgustedwiththis Mexicanconfederation,inself-defenceanrainetn Alusion. they will of course deem it the mostconstitutional forces of Mexico.The chief importance of the document Is dep-prudent policy to keep their money amongrived from the view ft gives of the condition of*commencing at the South, will scon, carry <eso lation and calamity to the North.>•S T A T E OF THE MARKETS,Let Mr. Lincoln be elected, as thfre isTun BEGGING JOURNALS OV PARTY PLUNDERAND TH* NEW YORK HERALD.—Our readers willremember that among the curiosities of the Co•vode investigation at Washington last winter,it was disclosed, in the testimony of the proprie-tor of ihe Philadelphia Ptmsylvanian, that thatpaper, with no other claim than Its beggarlyand revenue, and to compel a State to submitor to secede. The federal powers of thegovernment from which Gen. Degollado derives The me..- sftfr-TJBla tbty ef ,«.»v °* »lw*Liverpool on Wed* eeoay, the 10th last., rla i his authority are as tittle considered by him Ut», passed Cap* I t •• e*seven e4av* t*ae are the groat principles on which the con- waamterceptodB>U*a*aaiaehtofth#ifederation is hated by Gov. Vidaurri The TV;dateBhyU»OH>ofWatala#>aamtoardaytl latter has drawn a military cordon round his than those by the Arab* >printing of the Post Office blanks, said printing South,andonlythirty peroentfromthe heinglexecutedbyCornelius Wendell,in North. It is clear, therefore, that the South, Washington, and that it was substantially in the which has only half the white populs|lon of evidence before said committee that without driven ashore. The American vessels, however, the North, while Its exports are mo^i than some euch sops or subsidies from the publichuahua,andNuevoLeonispracticallysepa- Itwasamostprotractedaatbtoodystraggle,a*, rated from the Mexican Union. Neapolitan aray was Snsry dA *ea heat Vsgreatl These are the events which are ripening in der to the fortress of Capna, * * * ah ertrettatl many parts of Mexico to destroy that republic. over three thousand mm WlleA, Bwttestfal Federal powers are exaggerated and misused, taken prironeisto $,000 men -fand State rights are aggravated till they be- batUe up to the latest advlces-enthusiastic than any demonstration of a political character ever before attempted in this city.. The affair is graphically described in our columns this morning.confusion will follow which it is fearful to con- Control of Forney; but, haviDg been turned template. The day may not be distaujt when adrift by Mr. Buchanan, Forney sold himselfcians, North and South, may see in the exam- ple of Mexico, and the contest between Vi- daurri and Degollado, the logical result of the ultra theories they are proclaiming here—se- cession practically in Mexico aad prospectivelyid the United States.) TRADE OF THE METROPOLIS.—Theproach of the Presidential election, and the ex- citement-in the South caused by the proba blllty of Lincoln's election, have not materiallywithout any«UKANCIAL AND OOatKaVCLVL KEW&Consolsclosed1 taaadeyatttX iarsaaavT.aidi a »3»itoraccovaUVBRTOOL OOTTON MtfBKWf.v UTisisea,0*.af,MwThesalesofcottoneaMortay sadTbesdav ssBjsjBj tt SMOO bales, including 7,500 bates toexporters. The market aa!ex'r*mefrlc«e, essetog with an <Meantime, the gratuities to the Pcnnsylvanian HoOLST * OAMreSU,** Wigwam. We have a sketch of his remarks, but country. But even this, would be but the be- from the Poet Office blanks having been cut offmiddling uplands. The Boar market, under the lntlu-TRIPLE SHEET. enoeof beavy receipt*,with last activedemandtorax- theCommissioners appointed by the last Legis-, that will go under. To aid the democraticport, was rather easierforcommon and mediant grades lature to lay out that portion of the island cause In the late Pennsylvania election, ourM, I860. of State and Western brands, while extra grades were known as the Washington Heights region—lying generous Union conservatives of this cityHftVcted the trade of this city. The retailers TheadvicesfromManchesterware mrorsbk.wasi nave had an immenee harvest during the sum u§f »>a j u wCTAumawvj av i f^nwans | * v w SB*B*IMAILS TOR KUBOPB.HUMMUMI •»••• K c l i C l O l iJBnrop*.of dollars—perhaps as much as fifty thousand in all. What became of that money we cannot tell; but it is quite probable that a good por-tion of it went into the empty pockets of the littleForneysoftheofficeofthePtnmyl-themerchantsandothersonthesubjectof THELATESTMARSKTS.TheCunsrdmallsteamshipAfrica,CaptainShannon,whilepriceswereaiaofirmer.TheStalesembracednewWtH leave this port to-day for Liverpool. mesa at $19 30 a SW 87J,, old de. at $10 a $1010, and at In this service they have worn out several pairsT I insiiias,Oi MMT. •_ The sales of cotton te day will reach from U S *The big Forney, in 1856, was entrust- moretag at ten o'clock. buoyant, while the sales embraced about TO hhdn and they have come to a conclusion at last as to ed in this way with the sum of fifty thousand-Southern agitation, caused by Northern fanati-cbui. This feeliag will be made apparent, not 20.000 bales The market Is buoyant.by processions, parades or mass meetings, but by (Here the telegraph lme erased'working east al atremendousrallyoftheconservativeclasses John's,N.B.,(sotBeatthepolls. NewYork,havingthusshown oneatlywithoutoarfullThe European mart* will dose la this City ibis $14 40 a $14 $2}£ for new prima. Sngars were some lesa of boots, and soiled any number of pants; butvanian.tfcetaawAe KwiwounHmAtawtube published $3 bases, at rates given In another place. Freights were how the country is to be laid out to the bestalhalfpestnineo'clock1asheeortiM Singlecopies, steady,withmoraoffejirgforEnglishportaToLiver- advantage. Itappearsthattheyhavedecided leiis|iessa,sixoasts, pool,wheatwasprettyfreelytaken,InbalkandBag*,atdollars of New York contributions; but when calleduponbyMr.Covodetoaccountforit, thevouchershadbeenburned;andthatisallweknowaboutit Thehungry,fellowsofthePennsylvania a of the present day, having ex-' their natural course. haunted their resources, are becoming clamor-_l swsitcnAloa!(Bepreviousweek, sad apwtheBoar: ' iTh« M e w s .13d.a18'ida13X*,andflooratSt.fli.The Crista at Hand.To-day we publish another batch of revolu-tionaiy documents, which are of the most terri-departments in theformofparks,butowned by various private individuals, and studded with demesnes and handsome villas. The first of these is to be called Fort Washington Park, and will occupy all that space lying between Washington Heights and Tubby Hook, bounded by the North river, towards Manhattanvllle, onone side, and the Kingebridge road on the other— a sectiqn of country commanding some of the most magnificent scenery of any suburb in the world. They propose, then, to construct a road running from the river side, completely en- circling the heights, but following the natural features of the band, thus embracing in its cir- cuit this whole delightful park.Orcmino MAmu*—The Academy of Music will be opened to night, under tfce ansptaas ef Formes, Fa^bri a Co., for the performance of Italian and German opera "Robert le Diable" will be given this evening to Italian by Madame Fabbri, Messrs. SttgaUI aad Formes la the piicclpal rolt*. The artiata are all good, and an excellent performance may be anticipated.The Academy artiata who ore not included In the abovenamed company havs formed a h>ly alliance, which tocStdes Madame OohMn, Mtts Louisa Kellogg, Miss'Adelaide Phillips, Signor! Brlgnoll, Ferri, Baaiat aad Muzlo.Tbe business manager Is Mr. J. Gian. This companywill not appear in Maw York until alar the Presidential •lecticn, and ia the meantime will give concerts in Palm delphia, Baltimore, Washington and the Western citiesIts*. BlZXd ; cotton at ^d , and flour at 8s. 31. a 3J. to bay out all that beautiful region Into three •MWIreceivedByeatttadteteerapaat 4Md;andwheat.Inhtdkandship'shags,toLondon,at parks—privateparks,however—threedifferentherselftobesound,willquietlyletthingstakefram Ltverpool, as watt Queenstown.]tnevmThe steamship Alabama arrived here at her8%o'clock, Tuesday altaraoon. All well.He era f r o m ftewlantrsBcmrsex, Me., October St. IMThe new Vex icon mail with dates le the Mb hat. rived thfei morning.The City of Washington, which left Liverpool onous. It is remarkable, too, that whenever these follows wish to advertise themselves for sale, they get up a hue and a cry that the NEW YORK HERALD has been sold.Thus, in the last call of the Pennsylvania*, it appears that the HERALD has been sold to the black republicans. The sum is not mentioned; but as our sale during tins campaign has al- ready been published, once to the Breckinridge party for fifty thousand, and once to the Bell- Everett party for fifty thousand, we guess that the republicans, in their purchase, have had to pay at least a hundred thousand for their whis-sixty of the mules. The aalsaas are entirely teat splendid equivalent of two hundred and fifty; who has a soprano voiCa of the best quality. The best w I 1be a heavy lots oa the owners. About the same tthousand dollars, when it is probable that \ artteta bereabotus will assist Miss Patti, whose concert the Indians saooeeded in raantag from the governthe 10th and Queensto vn on the 11th inst., arrived ble import. And the terror with which theyoff Cape Race at seven o'clock last evening. She are invested ia enhanced by the melancholybrings four days later ne ws than was received bythe Arabia. fact thai the people of the North do not realizeThe repot t of 4he victory of the < '.aribaldun.s the danger which ia at hand. They are buyingThe steamship Ariel arrived at .this port yester- snvius with red hot cinders and scoria and day morning from A.«pinwall, with 1810,225 in lava, and have only been disinterred from theirSATAjnUH.Ott Stover the Xeapoiitana at Capua ia folly confirmed.The battle WAS protracted and bloody, but finally as if no cloud darkened the horizon, and aa if the royalists were driven into the fortress. The no calamity were looming up before them. So Neapolitans lost three thousand men killed and five did the inhabitants of the buried cities of Her- thousand taken prisoners. The Garlbaldian lo3s culaneum and Pompeii just before their de- was between twelve hundred and two thousand.The companies against the 5av»joes bad been ahoat two weeks. In their shssans a band of came withlaeight mites ef fasts tee and ma mules belonging to Elsberg and assetrg. ANothing new had occurred in the Ecclesiastical States.struction. They fiddled and danced and made merry, and pursued their ordinary avocations without a thought of the future, when suddenlyDoDwona's BALL.—Miss Carlotta Paul's eoaoertcome* off to-morrow evening, aad will undoubtedlyattract a fall and fashionable house. Miss Pattl, althoughstill a j oong lady, has been very well known here as an thiri y soldiers, under command of Oept. Otbbs, wadand Belling, and marrying and making merry,The next division is to be called Fort George At Liverpool the cotton market was firm, while they were overwhelmed from the crater of V e Park, and will comprise that part of the Islandtle. In 1856, we remember, the HERALD wasfirst sold by our trading cotemporariesto-Live Oak George" for fifty thousand; but excellent artist aad most aosomplished teacher. Adohaa purrult, bet tailed to overtake he was very soon cut out by Fremont, with his Pattt owts much oT her moaioal education to bar sister, of Mtxloau sad Pueblos alsobreadstuff* generally had a downward tendency.from Kingsbridge road to Harlem river, andIMPROVEMENTS—THEWASH-without charge of moment. Wheat opened dull, bnt, around Manhattanvllle and the Harlem river— sent over to Philadelphia some thousandsmer and fall, the great jobbing and importing yarns heuses have had their hands full, and the year,iLf i daPOOLwith a slight concession la favor of buyer*, the marketwas more active, at prices given in another place. have been travelling about there for several Corn was active, with free sales at TOs for months past, up hill and through valley, along Western mixed, in atora and afloat, and at 70c. a 77c. shore and in the interior, gathering a knowledge for round jeliow. Pork wsf to some better request, of the general natural features of the district.LivmaroOL,Oct Mthe charming country around there.a circular road will be made, which will pro- bably span the Harlem river by a new bridge, or High Bridge may be made available for carriages. The third sectionwill be called, we believe, Kisgsbridge Park, and will lun from Tubby Hook to Spuyteu Duy- vil creek—a peculiarly varied and picturesque region, favored with a great diversity of flat land and hill. Round this also a road will bemade.be divided off into three sections, each being aThey have no mote idea of our each resources than they have of the commercial supremacy; of New York. There are some very respecta- ble States in this Union the annual regular re- ceipts and expenditures of which are less than those of the NEW YORK HER.UD establishment This office, too, always pays its debts when due, pays liberally, aud never repudiates aa honest claim against it nor hesitates in settling it, which is more than can be said even of the %feat State of Pennsylvania. The HERALD is not for sale. A million of dollars, cash down, would not buy it When euch starveling parti- san hangers on as the P«j>isyZi,c/n-io:t can comtral America—The President and the Secession (lueiiion, 4ce., dec.WASBUIQTOS,Oct. 23,I860. SPAMSa •ntKfUTORlAL Ai:<;BAND17.SXaST IS SOOTH AXD CtXTKAL ^ AIOIUCA.The government have been put In possession of informa-No news from the Plains ef special interest.Flora Temple and Ceorsre M. Pa Boeaasrsx, Oct. S3,The trot between Flora Temple sad Patchea task this afternoon. Two thousand people wererains had made the track heavy, and there wutThus this entire region of country will- Such, we understand, is the plan decided upon by the Commissioueis, as embodied in the resolu- tions they have adopted, and It is about the best disposition they could have made) of the coun-the Servants of the Prince's party expressed jheir intense delight at their departure from this country, the surroundings of which are altogether too democratic for John Thomas' finer feelings and acute perceptions. John Thomas called this a " blasted'1 country, and really couldn't see what his master could findPHlLADELrBIA STOCK BSkal 3 . Psn^Daurnu,• o* & ' Stosks heavy. Pennsylvania State »•» ,**; $habit of taking their tickets meekly as maternal milk are completely bothered to find their oldarrogance, ignorance and conceit makeup a> tion, far it is said to have been strikingly pictusesqae.prima iota 0*90* sad to arrive-, siks •».»• 74c. tor got* to ar.rewed, 7$e. a «$», w » 70c forn^aoA'dtatc, aad7*i»c t***Z~Zi busbete toe t> n»da West. Reostoti £ * « » " asnVasVM'seawaW ,sgaiast»d4^b«^5te«A«>, Oct. S , • R w * n * and uwbaaged^jrbeat * *«*»es; b a y e i s oner $1 IS for Xo J Chkajo w % boldsrawjk $1tS. Cora dun •»«, to-2hZf : bus.hote at64c,40000do.atS»X«-;Z\ 1SHere alsosuburban villas, yet each comprising,as it were,a separate park, rendered available to the publlo by the roads encircling i t Any cross-roadsor avenues which may be required will be leftfor the property cwners to designate, accordingto the necessities for such in each locality; butone grand avenue, itiuning from the middleof Central Park, at 110th street, northwardly,straight through this entire region, will beopened,onehundredandfiftyfeetwide,which prebendthisfacttheywillappreciatethefollytion, from a reliable souroe, respecting BpanWh designs rail of rata jest ss the horses started. Patcaea an and intrigues to obtain a foothold upon this continent, lirst beat; Flora the second, third aad fourth.Rohbery of EmtcraaU oat fJne Baowaavnia, N. T., Oct.Aparty of emigrantsarriredfromClanos nigbt. While on tne Plains George Miitissore en by Allen D- Warren of $300 Is gold, his eunBf eightoen months' laber In Utah. Warren Is meThe Ohio State KlectioH.CWC&HATI, Oct. U,MI re Ohio BriakerhtfTs official majority forJudge is twelve thousand nine hundred and tr mtiarlateDisaster. AuaxANnaiAyO; t.The propeller Seymour, hence for PasteWhstea,a lashore at Mathta Poiat, Potomac, aa Satord if *w»|will thus open a direct communication with theCentral Park for all the parties residing there,and will, in fact, bring the most remote of them i BRITISH FLUNKEYCM ABROAD.—We see that as near the Park as the Battery is.the slave institution is not protected or reccg-niaed by the constitution, they have only to pro-ceed to its total abolition by writs of habeas chiefs arranged under distinct banners. In this cockney snob lives, and the fur thee he travels, present except Messrs. Thompsot aadjBbwk.seat in the national councils. There is no unionexcept upon the electoral ticket, which to plain sailingenough.Fortherest,thecomervativeupongovernmentpap.The"ableeditors"of interestmaylosetwoorthreemembersofCon'IS—thirty one days from Hakodadi.sablete.obtainareturncargo,incon- *«»resorrytosaythatwefearthedangerof groanthroughthestupidityofsomeofthe bleconditionoffunk,andhavemade*faes*e of the tartapoaitioa of the Japanese te partem their treaty stipulations. The French Mlniater at Jeddo had resigned. The Portuguese a^vernaasas h a * concluded a conusercaai treaty with Japan.FrosatheSandwkh lake*weHam Ant Prince brother of the reigaflsgafd e d W c r' *TM°«n<md the reason-hack politicians, whose game ia to deep that noonecanunderstand it Dayafter daywe have these BBueJsreoei nominations springingpathetic appeals to the capitalists to or they sink. The capitalist is of that the operation will not pay, so 1M ap his pocket, winks, his eye, aad•**• *~® royal ,Hto departure was cele- If » • p»«Jc should extendpubUc weepingamong them after.nvfsfte ,C*s,a3,i8do.^awTa^UM»*tS ,, hfrom the Union; and for the sake of the North this step is imminent. To those who talk of co-*TMH «»SouthernStatesintothe-Union,afte*theruralpoliticalpress are alreadyso plenty. V e and oate n f f ^ . - ^ V * * chs*fed-*oar,4»cs44c;wheU.lJX^^ b New>e.A. lake imports, ewteg *"*£;**wl-jds, continue light, eonaa»«g mrnenrsef5,000baebeteryo^Oyg.r£\Ju, 04,000 boahetewbsat, * » • barrels4 ^00 buahels bsjleyFlour dull aid 10c. a 16c aecrorr!I? * ^ •VTMJ**P**er.One ambitious individual has beenOotrtfrjahmooheasierThe apprehension of what U coming has al- ready opemted on the banks in the South, andU wUl soonnomi-Ne signsof the pool dates of the 11th, snd Londonderry of the IfAh.up.smted tor two ofncea—OHy Judge and JusticeAs it is physically beelectedtobothplacesdoeanotnppear.The to lrro wife**of the Superior Court Whether he expects to Ihsjl is that every barroom asm corner groceryUntitled Documentinto a political rendezvous, at whichThomas M. Tryniski 309 South 4th Street Fulton New York 13069Yne Steams niptor Me, ,lclews^aV& -awii1?awww.fultonhistory.com•Ha^wfifty cents.The absolute independence of this journal ismade their escape. t On the Sth instant a bond of Indians crossed Uve•'the right to dispose of the public forces J*«* C . Jfca ———so far, has been one of exceeding prosperity.Now, notwithstanding^* all the disturbances had altghtly declined except eons, whlcb wasabout us, things go on here about the same as uvaarooi. r a o n n o s u ARXXT.usual. There is a very deep feeling among The provision market was gsnaiaBy dullNEWS FROM THENATIONAL CAPITAL.vindal party newspapers cannot comprehend.: The Designs of Spain In South and Cen- regard to the tearing down ofaa-oM adobe buildinga perplexing puzzle which our beggarly proGallisto.The Governor and Ool. Foantteroy are atoi selling the HEKALD with every cb.ar.ge in thekeep a vigilant watch of her movements The menacing attitude of her fleet in the Gulf, her operations in Vene- zuela, and the landing of a large force upon Dominic m soil,clearlyindicatesthatthereissometruthinthere- port of Territorial acquisition upon this continent, an 1 in every other quart* r where there is a possibility of success. IBB SKCttSIOX BOVCXKJt OT TBI SOCTB ABDTBB ADKIKISrJUflOB.The black republican press are constantly assertingcurunts of public opinion.Like wine, it im- proves with age, for the longer the- thoroughl-UUWT OOCXCUkA*toeCabinet Cou^cU to day aft the mesaaers wereperfectly delicious character.Heroperationsare(aidtobeupona grand scale. It isclear, from the disclosures, that her designs are not con- finedtoMexio,bnt extend also to Central andSouth America. She ia understood to have the co operation ofa leading European Power, which, should It become ne- cessary, will render her all the necessary aid. The ad- rest. ministration, being in possession of all the fasts, willthat the President has stated that he did not believethere would be a dissolution 9f the Union, or evena secession of the Southern States, in the event of 13'-a; Peerevivanta Bailroad, 30^. Bi at Lincoln's election. This is a complete fabrication. He New York at par.has never hesitated to state to say and every one who Cotton quiet: sales to-day 1$,$•$ oaies. «" u asked his opinion tiat he had serious apprebensiees 11 >,'c for middling sales of three daj • » , • » ** upon the subject. What the South will do he does not ceipts of three days 11,010 balsa, aasj est SJ.M» •more, of the Southern States, will take speedy actica, be year 104 000 bales. Sogar at TXe sS-«e-W'folly anticipates What he will do, if anything, ia such fully fair. MolmsesSSe a daa f obeotv ins. i biijbor but quotsttoos naobsngeo. ftei{tu-fan emergency, ha has never indicated to any human Liverpool 9s Sd. Rxcbansa ea 1/ gsdon Mi'. • • being. and with bills of tediag M a * a M7» ^TBI BUOiiON o» rsmro BTATSS SXRATOBS r» oaaoox. change on New York at par a W per aW * NemO sinus.0*» !The election of Baker, republican, aad Nesmlth, Doug Molasses M s a 4*3. Roar ef let at »l S>>*las democrat, as United States Senators fromOregon, suptttine. The rest of the mask* «ttsebaaftdsuggestion that Resaiter is-to paint a piatnre represent Flocr Inactive saw' i ueebanged is nrr* f' ^bigthoPrinceandthe>residentattonTombofWash butratea&leintenvat$1hOtorraiSnte,$1»ington Itisregretted thatthepainterwasnetpresent, Micbigaa. t > » W ^ ; » i e a 6 , S » * ^ « 2 l a at 91Xp. Oate> t undi •**• *F* *"Saa as to have the real scene impressed, on his. Imagina- S6>io. BarVy b Kuod supply end A"*?*A NEWSPAPER REVOLUTION IMPENDING.—The eoarvj with the North is la advance ef that of the sales Sf bbte. at 21c Canal fteteB" » ^ r » •which have rattened during the last eight years*beav.-. lSc rm corn te New York.%}^Zem • bam. Sour, S14.CC0 hoabete wheal/V*f» ^ | S da oarky. canal exports—4,1*0 Baa- buWiefcwheeA.ae.aeseo.corn.^^^^^ ^Floursteady,hotdull.Wheatqujsts**"*,,,n iTivat*advlr.esfromMexicohavebeenreceivedInthis No. 1Milwaukeeatabai $11* ^ f r C l K LNewOauuss,O*.a,1Wanus from thM Bajt, ax Kew York, via Havana, oaths SMbuut«u. iB.y "• • • ¥ • - • -i-ii I KMM *BreorfsUifl* had a downward tendency, sodwithin twalre tnitea ofSante Fe, going In toe dRailroad,22',;Morris(Wl, *4V long Bant $4W4Q; white, $1 die $17* Cat white, too a 7 1 Provlstoonl flim. Whiskey 12e.a arm: psSf.M tUa and •soMsfn.mPir.-cur qslet, but firm. » cheat doll; ebjte4$.ted,$lt8a$140. «s*a qotet;yeUo».7km .wh%mCOtf PIE TE E0TJT OP THE ROYALIITJ.:|  