 'asiderifice to the one great object our personal interests, and leaving all minor dmerences of opinion to tie adjusted when the vital qjiestions at issue shall be under one commonqficstion^^»-«' u;,- 'i*'' „'T<WL. X^-NO. 2824.WfJHCATION OF FUSION. VISS MEETING AT COOPER INSTnUTE.PRICE TWO CENTS. ceived the favors of this old lady. Aunty Slavery, ana united and harmonious people. [Applause.! Let the <dTllizatioiiThofe estaacthe eomfttahaeoeldoduasntdiiatlirieratad a*»—.'regard'B^flUAKKS OF ilE. GERARD.James Gi:r.\rd, Esq., was introduced. ThoughMr. Ceears said he.\nti-Rrnt. Bat here hisevery not to be a the of justice and right wasofthe lKauniduso o«.f the Tcrritort^;>is ignorantofcombinations are perpetu^appearancethe inquirer after truth as to the philosophical ob- progress.you that it, as well as every other social phenomenonV. :«anrd,CMniie, een. Walbridge,if by the mismanagement of those who assume to De thea momentous1not lew nor &r between. The shooting starsBcnts vf Uneoln.of flbn. John 1. Dix, S. J. Tilden, Jas.Ouries O'Conor, Hon. Johnfomeitistruetpagreaterextentthanothers,inre- man,from no friends ofthem. Mr. Seward Constitution. (Cheer"s.) He trusted that what Mr. ure, throughmade a conservative speech. It would not Sewardrailedthe menofthesidewalks"would pointinthescaleofpopolatton'of alarm,andraUyingthefaithfulcitizen government enahljaj^be found among our st^utes—actual or imiiitsn agrae-Ju, Brooks,and Otberg.towers above all others—the preservation of the Union,a scrupulous observance of our Constitutional "theStegory of erUa to-by the enactment of Uws,biit oilut depHl and cheers.) He char- entirely upon the internal economy of tb* eooaaMIrs,colsbeforeyouparty.AfteranIllustrationSlaverydisappeared.<ra Seport aad a Campaigii 8«ig<question, gentfemen, which originally called you, thetional rights of the South, and he puts Abraham Lnr-acterized theas the black man's and theifaid. Clnbs tiearing banners withFusion" writ"Holler it out I" "we have comemQi what U contents, and their use, the wcnrds themselves have aat—JII witb te tbe immediate vicinity of Astor-place whothen and tbere have called loudly tK Aeeis far the party then and there reviled.teed dwt across the sity and made darkness visi- tte as soon as dariowas came. FosUades &om Capt Smug' eanaon, belching during the entire evening,!" read a long list of Vice-Presidents. They settingSiwiEP. is the condition of1^The Committee appointed pursuant to a resolution of the Union Meeting, held at (he Cooper Institute, Sept.17, 1860,anpdrinciple Americ in- patrioticman whohasthese objectsin view. Tinpsoiwsetrheward, tracing transient lines of light along the dark-are, It is at the root of feudal or r Sovereignty.to fhoee who are dissatisfied with the terms of ,^ o^,f ratter with the pajtlcular manner in which it has been made, that I wish myself the ticket could,without any representation of the Southern States, he has 'been rather unfortunate, [,Applausc,l the Union than ilthat tlie Reptiblicaiis proposed to inaugurate over He first made court, ill his gay and gallant youth, to date for the Presidency ttds hand.some Abraham Lin- tion o< Independence, w ith anT«T»orM;^l»«ll further authority be required for the .aaseitiaKJIyt) aaysuch were the notes at which govmmients,Hon.Above all, fellow-ciUzcns,we are uidtedon aques-of people were gather-;after which the adjourned, with cheers for the Union ticketmeetingare oua contending againstwllU^^Tbe pynlachnic **!"*'> A>r the coming togetlier of port ;ment our admiration of Mr. Bell—forgetting names, the wheel, and by a united and vigorous around the comers like embryotic imps. Huge ful- eignty^ freedom. Theother—Sqnait*arbe an alien Government without representation, Atthesametime,itisduetothosewhoeffectedthe wasforthemtodecidewhetherthisshouldbe.anangements, to say they have done all they could douader the peculiar circumstances in which they wereplaced, "rhey have accomplished in substance allthat was not in finally asked, though preciselymooe proposed. I am satisfied, as a^K politicaltnend of Mr. to the subetance and BREcxiiausoE, takepunctilio of a literal compliance. °"lf ^oi'ds, having the substance, it would be theMasonry— been the conviction of the marriagebetweenthem,buttheirrelationswerevery ityexcepttovoteagainstIdscountrywhensupplies thesemanyyears,is some respects, bave been dilferently constituted.Opposi- at wereneededforourgallaht-.soldieryin aforeignter- tion,thattheirultimatesuccessdependtuheposnlatvheeirnsitni-not stand on theand abstract And government of dogmas.that thenotinerest sen-stlessness to contend for the shadow. And was a minute man,and their prac- of the ordinance devoted?J!^S5 ?.'"1our Law is positive in its provisions against the crime from being pivcn for such a man with such a I'rlmeits natural fruit— the eternal scmblies, is deprived nigger—LJS^ L^"^y ^slock, pr.iducedj'^'""'^ 'ent [^<S preceedes,eisnsten5tiealgu.seofago^emment^>n^opponentsfriends andover the case of Wm, H. Seward. His fidelity wasthe fact thatally tailing place among those who differ on questionswere bare infernal libels hisAf «4min&tration, for the of purposetlie Republican as a lawyer, might split candidate,iiairs, or however, as a backwoodsman, he might sputits brother," stand we are holier than thou ;" back,-hr ^l,oul^l not be permitted, as President, tonot onlybut our children and children's children oughtproduced by theJioB and periodicalcliyrciumpsrteasnsceds iunpoconmbiitshatlon witijqueMion have availc J tiiemscas a hybrid mon-Their law was the mob-laiv. The mission of Sewardcivillaws and. consat«5Si"wbick our politicalto pour out torrents of invective ou our heads. iSoma who is at all farniiiar with the history- of partie. Slaveryquietly about her, to talk cans as enemies to ihc republic, [.\pplause,)fence, [Great cheering,] Now, this same theme of"«l„,'*'*°"'hto"ielrcarrying out great measure of policy in the propriety of "^-fOBBcnr. If the end they have in view be ftheirBorpoees are not merely selfish, thefhoiild we not be tired of saving the Union,influences of an clviiiza- expandingmBy wananled by all the laws of honorableAir.repudiated,Let them recollectout the product ofthe effort for human advancement, that forceent In our nature, and which prompts and directs all(or ue coalition, if ttie term is preferred).[Cheers,)Iwarfiue. I do not suppose that a more ru- iibableinstanceofthecombinationofheterogeneous woiltinsl elements has ever been known than .one un-that the union the currents of population. The vast familyof man, been in-remain unalterable tmless by oomiMnTS in this City, both conducted with signal TiclitrepirtS'bJTh'.?i""<SPEKCH OT HIRAM WAIBRIDQK,Hiram Walbeieoe was next introduced, andI ,vigor.Ineednotaamethem. OneisforSewa»s.either in11 turned out on investigationalways originaLrecognize ithe power ta the desire of eachcondition. This desire, to appliedtobet'erbisupona andwithoutpeople unrenresented •bTM"^*fnaaAtonshtheirwholeeour>e,w{thasingle fndthS'theyUadvisedprp^res., orTin "or^. ^^l-- on the qneitloa, andBake of defeating Liwoour ebaers.! He was the man who .Mood to her duty, the sundownin its Noromber prooounee""-^ agree Slaveryrwwroa every otbv, thejr ooalescewas traced to »e leal original Jacob*, MM rtSSte»ix»fi^l^mmSSm» \tbe civilizationol indeDe"n*dfe„n7t*(S«taaiWas. t»h«eof LiHOOur and Hahbh. If they beliveUie Slavery quesUon to surpass in importance aU great8PKSCB OF CHARLI8 O'COHOR, ESQ.Mr. CCoKOE, on tRing introduced by the Chairman,Slavery. andwodSrS^ tions made eervfle labor eonduelve to the iniaiSisupportshe out of ha"djBkulxctkeSdewcaormdp.l"ete[lGyreat her gooIdt igsrsaacieds,such a consummation. [Applause.] He clalined that too,IhatsheexhibitedMr.Liiccol!i'sportraittoNew-Yorkshouldbeadmiuedtothebrotherhoodofpbrloascikimatatny;tbewhiteman"betteredhaiUsvenrofSaif they beUeve the set- tlement of that question in the manner they think right is of such moment that it should properly super- s«l« all others, no excepUon can be taken to the co-wasreceivedwithaburstofcheers. Hesaidpoor laughter.] orderedmeamiJeaofadminlstraSon;:ia otber waaft, tbromb theand their followers have formed.Now, I do not hesitote to say that no divisions of City of New-York.party within my reiiiembiance have had so many ele- You have been ments of union—of consanguinity—if I may so «-to, [Laughter.]whiNcohw, genttloembeen, to be serious about higher honor in being the last and final refuge 9f the tshlatveis,labor—wehaicthe of tbe Nortbeiu tUrtaeB SMe«alition theyuponwhen labortocan*BlocenoftWilattaB a matter I haveought isteriIonusly considered, nationality of the North. [Applause.] As goes the City, abolished the tearlnc tb« aNlb«raa<4h»NEW-YORK, TUESDAY, OCTOBER 9, 1860.•:FzLLOW-CnisEss This magnificent meeting pre- be taken andIn order to all herexcellent taste in trans-the beautiful creature. against us in November, New-York would have the tionsthe cbaise nyMtsents a worthy response to the glorious call which has lieges,tieen made the patriotism of the of the ferring her affectionsthose represented by the Umon i.lec- suant to an authority emanating f^om no political may not be press myself-as as I toral ticket. We are are all non-interventlonists, party, from no partial faction, from no friends of any find, areregarded. The facts, you will so he hoped would go the Union—for Union and the thirteen still In its po«have stated cllmkte ind otherparticularana though these are minor subjects, on which temporary measures of policy, but pursuant to an with the administration of tlie whole countryslave labor ceases,to befeUow-citizens, is the natural iwif— by gMCKweconcuronmostfinancialques-particulargive60,000majorityfortheUnionticket [Applause.] PPKKCH OF HON. JAMES BBOOKB,prsAtabla. cSrleaavtetroyn_ap'pe_a_rs_, prospers end is abOlUaiLgard to Slavery;fions:we entertain different opinions, the points of contact are so numerous that It would be most extraordinaryauthority emanating directly and spontaneouslv from yourselves, the people. You are called together lorHe s_aid tlemen, his party have rejected him, have selected a the Republicans seemed to think that the Douglas,BwWm ,leaders, we were, in a crisis like this, to be kept apartquestionman whom theytheir purposes bet-Brecklmidge and Bell men should play tbe part of andtheofinvolving neither more nor less than this simple issue ter. .4nd now, in anger or in desperation, Mr,|year1861, or shall It beperpetuatedfor ever?[CriesAnti-Slavery;together, beatingbf fmr 7 Aad tkna |ba^—^~purposedeterminingknowwould suitin its most extreme form he has heads and out each other's brains, It is iiot withintraveled through the coimtry as the avowed champion through and by abstaining from all interference in of For Ever.": That is the question—that is the of the " Irrepressible conflict " against the Constitu-essedwhich acknowledses It cChaera.]manner ha whichobligations,the Somestic concerns of our fellow-citizens in othervote in fifteoi States of this Union— felicity of theMr. Brooxs closed with an energetic ^ipeal for thecitizens of and led to con- New-York,together, youKepublican Unionasthewhiteman'sas the undoubted embodiment of thatout disloyalty to all that is dear in the remembrance of stitute the Committee who have now made their report. doctrine—a mva who will not receive a soli- of the Fusionists of a forcible character,States. Onthisquestionwecouldnotdisunitewith-firam tte Union conveys to us an iLet That Committee have deliberated,lesson. It was the people of the sevoal SMea «»haveevery true Democrat, let every true Union man rally and have made their report Y'ou are now summoned a man who has 'skid, if public report is Union ticketof theto the support of the Urden Electoral ticket, and it is to pass upon it, and to determine whether the ends to be believed, that he dare not show his face in athe past and preeieus in our hopesfuture.theyacted, taryremored it from their confines. The exeiciae at tt*tsovereignty for which they had sncdessftiUy itnuwEaI the Arst rocket bad hardly lost their Mentity wjio regard the triumph of LiKcois and Hamun, by tlemen, what is at stake 1 Why, let us look at our country from destruction. Now, gentlemen, the tlirough the smoke and the darkness, but only suc- right of ownership in the soil. If tbe .1 tbe crimson glories of the beautiful sunset that mfeans of a seetionai organiiation, upon a sectional condition. Let us lopk and see what is threatened by Union-loving masses of New-York are united. I ceeded in making the surrounding murklness more of occupancy, tnerefere, is tbe only rightMhnked Qie afternoon's diower, ere detached issue, and for tlie establi-shraent of a sectional policy the political party against whom we are now ar- think that the maiority of the people of this State are de- of tbe wedded masses began to assem- in the Federal Government, as contrary to the spirit rayed, and ask ourselves, is or is not every termined to accomplish the defeat of LiKCOut, and the yaitWs of the Constitution, and therefore dangerous to the sacrifice of this description demanded in the overthrow of its candidates [applause.) And gentle-tainlng to the inhabitant of the Teiiwuij, for the it must be apparent ttiat the Congnta at. the United States, the trustees of the foople; ble ; and when 7ii P. M. arrived great Union, we have endeavored to perform tliat great impending crisis, and is not a persistency men I will state to you why it IS a plain, short easy outside speakers, the pressure and enthusiasm was of the United States in whom is the protneio^anabers were already gathered without, and with duty,with wisdom, and witli in it demanded ? Are we not called upon by every matter of calculation. The menaced of your positiondan- ship of the TerritorleE, have as contended by tbeKe»-'immense. MarshalRvndeesseemedubiquitous,jbr dmply forcing her into the packed apartment be- patriotic. We submit to you the Union ticket for ^tizen to make all the sacrifices in our power which Southern States. Now these Southern States cinglow. Every available spot was occupied within, andIbi elbowed eadi otber as fiercely in their efforts to)i^ai tbe door-w«f<r and down the stairs as if they HlXAH J. RSDPIELD, Aaqtbt tlielr Paradise was down below. The ha)^ SlUB B. BlSONO,United States,Gkuhe C. BlOXSOKItiatke' we occupy a position which attracts the admiration of tainly be given against .\braiiah Lincolv, iust as cer- air would require considerable space. absolute right of the indiriduoi, aboveand beroad.aa, ail who hate us, and, I may say, the envy of ail in tainly as certainly as the sun will rise on the day of The unhappy individuals who, in a momentary en- other rights, privileges and franchises wluutever. ItJOBH H. BBOVIB, tMa deoorated profusely with American flags and Jacob A. Wsstkbtelt3Bltt placards on which were the names of America's ElJJAB F. PURDT,thusiasm, attempted to mountthestands,igno-y«at Bie^, WBenningand divers declarations in diverse diction the salvation of the Union.WlulAH A. EoBsr. J. DErKTBTER 0ODi:N, WrXXlAII B. DONCAN, SnrHEN B. Rdssei,, Absam B. uoHGia. Dahiii. B. St. John,ihe bottom of the Atlantic Ocean, Abraham Lin- cols cannot be president of the United States. [Loud applause.) 'Therefore, gentlemen, thoughThe men who mounted guard at the platforms werelion of this accepted truth Is to be fboai kikilbat tlie hour named, Wilson G. Hukt, tan^ aiae forward and nominated Hon. John A. DixJOHK U. StaoHO, Esmil H. A1IDXRS05. James K. PuLvsa, UlUS FiNCB. CBAai.B8 H. Caraoll, Annison GAanirxs John B. Sxuibzb, 2d,more unscrupulous and less expostulatory in the per-in a state of prosperity unexa'mplcl in the liistory of every other State oilall the North and all the West formance of their duty than any uiuformcd policemen found the right of iwpular sovereignty. The exanMa-fmctnallyAr I^esideDt of the meeting. Loud acclamations ap- KuSHA p. Stbosg.times—a prosperity which is not only national and ail the East should be forgetful of its duty to thebut individuai^a prosperity which pervades all Union, and should be so forgetful of this (and it classes of society^a prosperity that reaches all has been well denominated treasonable) Republican classes of society, even including the negro siafe Party, and to prove recreant to its duty to the Union, lows himself. [Applause.) Gentlemen, we now enjoy that New-York holds in her hands the key to the publicof these coexistent nghts constUote thaias fol- fiage. Thus derived, it is throggb » ^ ., .,'fnvcd, and Mr. Dix spoke as follows SPIECB or HON. JOHK A. SIX.WitUAK Kent, IfABTIIC STRIHSEB. James Kiss.a President is created. But the MiflaU^DQ bave done me in asking me to preside over your caaaattatkBa tliis evening, and after stating tbe objects '^fiit laeoUug, I tmst I may not be considered as in-may say,carried on under difficulties which aaemtd at one time insurmountable, and after full •OMaltation with Committees representing all theliable to err, liable to passion, liable to partiali-[Applause.) ficient and amplecause for this excitementboth mountand the naturalrightsabl^.kac'delSiefation,JOSHUA J. HENRY, Cbainnan. tinctly and unequivocally avowed, is to dissever the ty, like other men—;:We are asaembled, fsBow-ettizens, to proclaim to the KPWIN CROSWF.LL, JAMES HONBOE..(•ople of this State our iqqfaoval of the Union Elec- HENRT GBINNKLL, DANIEL DEVLIN,alacrity with which the And ttiere is an obvious reason—a suf-Thisbetween the of a landlord <a tad F*>*''tmM ticket jeceirtly coraideted in tliis City, afterS. L. M. BAKLOW. ANDBF,W MOUNT. WILSON 6. HUNT, CHARLES A. SECOR, SAMUEL J. TILDE.V. Committee.destroy the institution which the prosperity of were employed, that weak and human as they wereM of GsmoasiinrtaatitnieadTl&grMtfetoaimpartiality,publicans, ttie superlbr or landlord's dght w fDiMn- speak- pendson no squatter's right of occi^atio^' Rteofaa Othello migiht have smothered his ^ife supreme devotion to an object, so mom^tous and so principle that should move the heart of a patriotic country is that which is composed of your " "from one to another, and making himself every-> ment But happily the right of sdf-gevemmratde- ,electors of President and Vice-Prefident. c3h promote the accomplishment of the objects which have 120 electoral votes. In your Soutliem where conspicuous.Davip C. Jodson, Chulkb Ooodtrab, GioKSi C. Clids, Jobs Musk. AITBSOSZ S. Hisotss, LnoAS B. CiocXER, Piabson MniiiiT,were miniously repulsed, and pitehed, without a word ofprevails to the sovereignty of the mart and so fhr t- Bourishing with the sqatter or feudal rlfbt, «_ only in conjunction with the allodial rigly or tll|l^af^The members of ii have all accepted. Tiiey are allmagnificently conceived, and, I tlilnk ernment.without mistake, a truthful demonstration of publio" and we believe Union Mmfor tht sake of the Union ;InNo enthusiasm within memory has exceed-we are justified in now announcing, that the union of theistrationto apitchofprosperitythat few can im-toand gratify, youS.F.BUTTEKWORTH, DANIELF.TIEMANN. tootobemisunderstoodbytheanti-Slavery ofmajoritywhetherK.B.shouldgoontheticketand ty,arereminded,S .itfffif^^olf-iift^ure, through the fealty of UadTnuiw Cnuxas : After thanking yon for tbe honor Isaiah Blood, LoaxsEO Bpaaows, state of prosperity. It has been the result oi our safety, and she alone can save the Union. [Applause.] Fellow-Citizens : The vast concourse that occu- to the creation of a king. [Cheers.] Ttai'SS'BinaTH.Ross WlLLUMWlUJAMB, SlIPHSS D. Caldwxu..They had to bring together the most opposing pies this space and crowds the vast hall, signifies,opinion.andwithintheStates,the theoryofMolaruiniB<' ment is of simple and accepted apidv-sann Whaa,,.spontaneousofthefrrightof usurpationscoMrtisM^*f(ofour divinely framed Constitution and system of Gov- elements. They were men actively engagedIWe have been carried on under its admin-it, andand supports the of thrones, {utae^palUlaK theorywe advance to tne Tenitoriee wbere thOr land title is not allodial, or in the inhsMfaiit^'batia' my own opinions npmi you. if I ask permis- Conservative masses of our citiiens upon this ticket is a agine, and which no words can adequately describe. posc that U)ey had a most arduous task, and ed that which pervades this meeting to-night Those Congress for the benefit of the peo^ of ibf IMte, i to state a few considerations arising out of the computed fact. We are held together to-day by the ties of a com- that in bringing matters to a consummation they who participate in it, and they who behold its intensi- the conflict occurs between tbe ri^of CaaMpftt^to show how, herthosein November, and though Pennsylvania should go bytshleamvuetbaetolaoiMaOefaflKiM btoOaF'Mt.r lastttotelaatevening;atcalamitywithwhichitwastlireatened—thesuccesstheyhaveemployedwere-honorable,andwhetherbom,[Applause,]Mr.O'CosnoRproceededtospeakWoos,Cochraneandothers.Hedenounced liileifz.atiTohnesameIIntsitsntTowbmetaltty,wtiewaieB«alre0mMaivirBetbr-ethat &*or Fssioii failed to be ptesent at the.sincere belifef that the State may be saved from the they aimed at were worthy, and whether the means Southern State, nor in the State in which he was.my the irre-simple 1M«MMiiacattlieCooper oftheRepublicanParty,nottliroughitsownintrin- tbemeans,ifmtlifullyandvigorouslyenforced,are withmuchempasisontheimportanceoftheelectoral pressibleconflictdoctrinesofWu.H.Sewabb. requires. ei^iected,rtan ma crowded to Us utmost capacity, and sic strength, but Qirough our divisions. Let us, then, adequate to secure the object proposed—the preserva- vote of New-York, as being capable of outbalancing He was followed by Edwars Ahdriws, of West- institution from the Soutlt It Is for tbta'"—'iHitflMaMHid tteta9diistba«aads^^ Mmf vial lenKUqr aiteecties were delivered,&pm thia hour, lay these divisionsus sac-tion of our Union. That is the [Applause.]the vote for Liucols. and declared ihat event of the triumph of the Republican Party In the pending elec- tion in Pennsylvania, the Union Party should, in- stead of disctohuirsaigsetmheents,taftuertohfer incenthe of the sovereigntypeoplethatwe,frequentlyE. J. Bbowb, Esq., mid cries ofthe objects in view by the approaching election.submit the following REPOBT."feud which constitutes the European title t»binterrupted by applause.all were stuck in a-blaze,^letwhoa ewnMnidlon for any of tbe opposing candi-> fiist fmJrt defeat the Republicans. Resolutions, banner, with no other words inscribed on it save political party to which we were attached whom we before us. A great and free and prosperous and uni-:and indivisible.'*tion. 'This is not a matter of suspicion or as enthusiastic opinionopen Territorial government Permit me toMr. Dix was;it is threatened most distinctly by the plain dec- Union men. Tar barrels,political heresy.Now, I caution you, in tbe first place, aialhit e/tm- ^waysThe Union and the Constitution, undivided pinretshenitred in whose in whose morafof theto be considered by you this evening.Heretofore, gentlemen, in all my Knowledge of po-litical life In our City ainndiivniduoaulr aSttatthe, hweadnaovfe tahle-chester,spoke briefly,B^Nitdieaa They insist that this sover<dgnty Is hbtlhad some singletta propriety, and a report annoancing that these " to our fellow-citizens for the highest office ted country is threatened with civil war and dissolu-t^MlaiiBgStad been effected, were adopted. Processions of ,setlied, let us go into the contestGentlemen, thingsgift, virtues,ties and talents we relied for the accomplishment of to the objects of the Black Republcan Party"tbem paraded the streets and none were to be " Go ahead :" and, towards the close, That's ting aside for the moment all considerations of men, stump orators, and particularly by those of the great flames tlirough the night with a resinous prodigality. Squatter Sovereignty. Notwith; — aside for the moment our consideration forenoughwere elected boisterously, and amid great disorder. Printed lists were scattered among the people.Mr. Joshua J. HimiT presented the following re-aside for the moment our, admiration of Mr. DocQLAS, setting aside for the mo-AniW askyou to rise in your strength—to put your shoulder to then,sticks into tbeMr.BuECKnrRisoE, settinggentlemen, thiswhich rendersthem of chief Importance. -The oneBut, now, gentlemen,set-convenient Little boys stuckin theblazing impromptu torohes,together,designseverygapcrowd,founding Popular Sovereigntytttlquali-witli a brief of this exposuredefeat the attempt which is being all private Interests, all personal partialities, and en- made to convert the great Stato of New-York18absolutisms Wherevermen,eforgetting men, sacrificing all personal predilections, effort, to-over the their scene, rollingrolled ourselves under aheart ofdear to the into an instrument for the elevation to of the inkymasses the against sky.landlords and their tenants, too, fliowiallarations and avowed mouth-piece, Wu. H.of their candidates and[.\pplause.] Now,and scattered theirpronouncing youspasmodicaction, shooting theirpelletsM^ powers. The right which depends iqxm ocem^Kl of the soil, of a necessityis subjected to the panmiHMH*t^m ii'w^'v'Mf,'Ur**-yi9,t'*,W-'*'-W-*!*"ujLt. ,1i^JMiKijI-^mof-^i'ini^it tiMii^t'i^im^fi^mmmmfP^^^'w^^rs^iiifmfimt^'^^iiffg^peoplecalled, together, gentlemen, pur- although «o presented a form which so he trusted would go the State, and as went the State, institatioa,<> ianswer. He announced that he might be trusted ; Thus he was guiwltiyaotfhasdbepeaernttuhre from 1the wishes of his party. And result Why, gen-[Ajtf—B.1 ......tal tp mil lit MiiBlli Itp emanation of a civilization, deSettTatr,' jmt please, and to be removed onlT hf flM>'» tion which, in the importance of its consequences Shall this great and glorious Union cease with the Sewiip has gore forth as a champion of three old rams locking each other's horns, bucking tion of the civilUaUon whUi |(MM# 'K.To tell the names of theFor Blectors of President and Vice-President of the this meeting has in view? [.\pplause.] Gentlemen, College, each one of these votes will cer- ers who poured their eloquencf out upon the night superior origin, and inherent in the person.will not remain in it Arethose fifteen States, creates a great danger to our that this glortous Union, formed in '76, shall perisii in wearing the laurels awarded-ior Ids triumph over this all all Union men [cheerst]h—e thoroughly of the prescriptions which will accelerate the accom-;4tf uioBe wbo are here to-night, were assembled in this duty to waive personal preferences as to candidates, and And now fellow-citizens, I need hardly say to you itary talents and heroic patriotism;of Patriotic Citizens for the sa^e of the Unioit of the matter of disguise. There was a time when the most the United States, No nobler character, no abler'anaipvgottcnas a legitimate consequence of the politicai teachingsone of our politi- far the noteone of our sister States—anoutrage,which we regarded•Do you ask of what danger supcecaekss of the people of the Statesand hence, too, tbe onttaaace;of tike against whom we are arrayed now as w-e partyStates. Resolved,That the election of Lincoln and Hamus eminent statesman tn their ranks hoped to become more eminent man could have been selected. Heanswer, that which will attend upon thethatwhichthreatensin theelection It cannot be thatof 1787. It is true that this nMBonble [.Applause.]be effected-were laai. If any one had told us that before the end tion, contrary to tbe wishes of a majority of the people, Magistracy. He hoped to reach the Presidencycanonlyagainstdisguisedthe Southern States andof the to govern the Tetiitortes. But powerconcerned vast interests:.those jstates vv hat, in all its characteristics, would an old woman who went by the name of .\nli (auiity) coln, totally inexperienced in public affairs—who the Republican ranks shouted1.',exceeding greatI do no not know that there vi-as an actual never performed an affirmative act in a public capac- shout. [Applause.] In truth, fellow-citizens, it has, Congresshas no constitutional, power to gorarn tna'be to come forward. He liked fusion, but did arrangement which has been made, warningnot like confusion, and hoped the people would benotof bigamy, and iVlr, Sewaad has taken to himself Minister ? l.\pplause,lrf^^ ^^realty, the executed the pro>'-''',^f'„.gsand all fair 'tbe suc- 2^S^L^2s, • arrange-llalllllMnt to a rejection, but wiU, a •fflaianifcBt Itself ui efficient action.P'?'a>sciit freely,cordially lightnlRger, —ILaughter,] Theyatedrank Digger—they —rlS^nJ^T.='^/,''*,"*"°"-^ °'^' spirit cinquietvowed to Whigrelated liuwand the affec- gained'house, the audience next heardat least the-They saw him in their dreams they sawSteJbfi^ri^cut' w'"leave tbe Party whenanother mate, Hcleft Aunty-RentThere were loudrails foiWood," but as tlienigger they— nieger,amalgamationists slept —need-I" thisMr. Gerard humorouslyhe had it should be, "''V"''^i accept thehe had left it causes which had let to this motley gathering—another old woman, whose name is not unfam-tions of wa^To m^eall TerritoryEt^^maSof k in Ms paitieular sphere, must go to wor^k •".„'„" r^"No b)uck spirits[Laughter,]Jve that^e ticket shall be eler-ted.Befwe I sit down, fetlow-ciiizcus, let meon the morality of coalitionsT^ ative speech. His new-found conservatism began im- and delivered a address. He denounced Re- Chicago rescued their party from this new peril. ;;--S^e;;r^eMry.ltpro<.ed^wdth^TM^cordiality whichAnd he succeeded perfectly with this goodlady, until he made that unfortunate conserva-SPEECH OF THEODORE E. TOMLINtON.Hon, Theodore E, Tomlis^on was next intrcxiucedoihcrP^i'P'^nv°f of "j'S provide for the governmentv ,,ibmedciamtely jealous![Laughter,] She called all her publicanism as a crime against freedom, and Republi- they really resolved that they saw a nigger in theabolitionized, ";illover, everywhere,[Cries ofI"]Blue spirits and grey.theamong sjicukcrs,have professionsand howBlack spirits and white,^°"To"Ven'e^'up^n°£cngre;s.'.'they saw the sable gentleman. Ubiquitous, tills black lui rules a"" "^^6-7,-:-r"i,,,(i* stales." But when theDescribed the Republican Partystrosity "—a Cyclopean party with a smgie eyeto split rails;;to a scrutiny s-ubjected rigorousthe party was in council at Chicago, that all of a sud-the sentence of the philosophers was read to theden,astounded followers of Mr, Seward. "Bill Seward"was and it was announced that the oldthe of the Constitn- their leader—and to be their candidate for the Chief stood before us clothed with such attractions to the spirit,instrument has been construed into a charter to Con-outeaa hesitste, wbo intrench themselves behind the nar-row breastwork of their own individualism, regard-less of practical results, and leave the combatants to ing outside I" Mr. Tilbek said he was there, not burn, "would make a tolerably good Presi- scarcely any votesIntendiagshouted throughthegratingnear the "ceiling,and itordinance,"offence in any quarter, that those only"Char- let O'CosoR'g wanted outside !" We're all wait-fUa State should be given to the wliich has tionalThere was a danger tonhc country that ed to be a conservative, and constitutional law- very;avowed tliat it designs to crus,>i the Soulherji to the rontinuini; peaceaiid quiet"Tlie clause at tost 1 Mr. Madison tacluded temporaryparty -. ..-..-s_ _ ni the memtierB of the Union, to impair ourparty.were to ward off. Thatrics, Mr. Benton says:""^'so much to weaken tiie bond of confidence beStates ;ind thi'ir honor and their dearest ern borders. trample upon''consisted in this: abiding President, would not suit tliom. After all,ail organized sectional party was endeavoring to take the Smuh might get along with him very well. inleresls. And ihi, Wiu.i.lm II. SiwAr.o i> the populalioi.; the Republican is relin- for the new States arising on this ttas a State, and to subvert ourptMj municipal possession>pros-of the Goveriujicnt—a party that had no Well, Mr. Sewarp did not know that tliesc consul- avowed leader of the parly—lie has repented of his tive-.state rightsingcreed becomes conscrva- are elevated—the negro:thanat that timeroundly Where conscr\atikm characterizes a....^. ,Republicanismis now ten times more rampant whole Norlli,ment upon them. Speaking of that partCo»-.should come forwartt to oppose the triumph of a scc-and are dangerous of the south-theydangerbyferred to the Committee of Detail, of wUsb does BEER Morris was Chairman. It was nbui—,.extreme men and by its philosophers, held caiisulta- tion here and consultation there, and, finally, came toyou willing plause,]tthat gallantItisstrangehowsoontbelessonsofexperienceare ConfederatedUnion,andtothepeaceandsatetyofthe 1861?Areyoupreparedforthis?Itrustyouare greatSlate—conqueredwithsuchverylimitedmeanswiththereasoningand pawtrhioticaarpepeals plishmentofhispurpose.Hencetheschemesofter-'*that we deem it to be an not. I know are not tCries of no."l —the whole nation bowed down in to his mil- army eloquent speakers and aetstitvheistios etxherctaisoen —OUTSIDE OF THE INSTITUT."^.If the attendence inside the building was dense andboufttmbaeyTebreriltosrti,eas.ndAistaactsoeaqDoyenlcoeMtbo.ytthibse 'things.with thesewent dancingnification,diserlmln^lM^every true, honest,the principle written on the banner over your Presi- tion which you are to decide. There can be no hesi- ness, and fire-batteries at regular intervals broke into government In other words, it is identical iUnion for the sake of the Union." CCheers.] Gentlemen, is this great sacrifice of thethat the issue Is as I have stated are called upon to say whether it be in Commissioned to adopt a ticliet for Presidential passions, feelings and interests, which affect us in this your power, or whether such means are presented to Electors, which should be satisfactory to the masses life, honorable ! Is the sacrifice demanded ? Gen- ) ou as will enable you to save the best interests of tliedent's chair:tation invan-coloredof flame high in air. Two Drummond lights, standing aV the head of Astor-place, peered like two great eyesques-of spreadingimpei-ative you No, homage ritorial organiclaws toItisscarcelyatwelvemonthsincemany wholecountrywlcbiity tb express their detestation of an outrage on difiereuces upon ulistractqaestioils, in favor of a Union tiiat the aims of the Black Republicans is no longer a cal parties nominated the hero for the Presidency of to the discharge of his whole dutyi.s it[tAhpaptlaIuse.] ? I ments between the inhabitants of the Terrttortn taithe Republicans— and American heart, w ith such claims upon the patriotism of ABRAHAM Lincoln.it a year, fbtxe would be danger of the triumph of and hy a dexterous use of the Electoral Forms which probably mtended to disappoint their expectaUons. of the people," that he seemed a candidate almost in- fearful agitation pervadesIbatpartyintUsState,throughourownlocaldivi- theConstitutionlefttotheStatestoprffvide;thatif Doubtlesshedesignedattemotingtosatis^tbeSouth vincible. Now,gentlemen,atthatday—nomatter drivesrapidlydownwardtowardsanticipateddissolu- farfromimpeachingits authority,then,Iwouldmost—of purpose, through the pride of organization, more than one-third of the actual popular vote cast. tion. Then, while proving false to his party and to it was false and a total mistake. But no that it is so. It is none the less their partsioos—if he had told us that through an unyielding their election should be effected, it will be by scarcely by giving them a tolerably Conservative Administra- whether it was true or falseand as its nature aad isnrfl«aiK have been forcibly stated by one of the ohampioas oftenacity Resolved, That those who or through considerctious of personal interest, weit was published it was his implied promises, he might by possibility have matter—the election of Lm- — which the effort, suicidalfii^st whis- the event may preclpitete less their Republicanism, I will read to you, fenow-dUaens, atumld tie putting to hazard tbe narmony of the Union Cf)Ln and Hamlin aa prolific of danger to the oountry held the North and South togetlier. That cuimingstates- pered and then published, louder and louder, and mistaken though it be—none the be imperi- his commenmries thereon, I read from BaliUR%onght not to multiply the chances of such a result by ous to remove the occasion which shall fraughtand the permanency of OUT institutions i>y giving the their own divisioiis. man, on his return from his recent trip to Europe until it took possession of the public mind in this duty Federal dissolution. It Revinv of the Dre4 Scott Dfcinon, atpage W:-rietory to the party vriiose policy is direct^ at war Retolved, That the ticket for Presidential Electors sub- foupd the whole Southern country excited by City and State, that that great hero was not versed with secession and attemptedm "Though entitled for the Northwest TertitorT, tUa— have been credited. And wlUi liotli, he would notalarmed affairs, and was in some to the is, fellow-citizens, no delusive chimera, conjuredfiTlsnlt.TTtll give to the Umon Electoral ticket a cer- State.which exist at the South, for a united and effectiveall^anKEMABKS 07 MR. TILDES.the coimtry would be safe and the Union by no assembled a meeting at Castle Garden, to land the inter-State understandingseflflentandanubwaveringsQpport,orwhether by atanding aloof from each other, in tae isolation of flOT reapeetive (qdnions on questions of administra- > flOD, we shall leave tbe victory to be carried off by UteeamminieDeniyasalnstour divided forces. It ismeansendangered.Mr. Tilden supported the resolutions in a speech, that he would kick away the ladder by which he and notwithstanding the high claims of Winfirld at 'secession. In the event of theforeltehceuoPnresbiy- nance was the Constitution for the Toiiliniflas^asa 4ue«&>n> on wUcb patilotixm and disinterestednesswhat followed? TheRepublican Partyin the secretthe organofexert an influenceSouth, aire actuated by such an intent;and noin which he was frequently compelled to halt by the din and disorder. During its progress great merri- ment was caused by a Hibernian, of stentorian lungs,Scott to the support of the American people,that had elected him to office, and play the part of a tion was denounced as dangerous to the Union, dency. I do notthe Constitution itself was for the Btatea,bo^raid of Johh andBrown, becoming in civil subject, degree,was tntended tor fact—sapefakc-t the Southwest also, and was appUad ta .tbemitted to this meeting by the Committee of fifteen is theand that we cordially he made what was called a moderately con- influence of the Black Republican leader—Wm. H. the brains of frantic politicians,aotrod to-Diibt—wbether we, aad those who in other and earnestly recommend it to the support of all the servative speech, in which he gave the public Seward. As a result of tliat opinion, the people of ing. It is a serious, sad and afllictingyet, fidlow-citlxeiis, this is the very problem to behereby approved and adoptedof tb« Mate aie llkriy to be influenced by our ex- conservative, patriotic and Union-loving voters of this to understand that under his administration the great and patriotic City of New-York proceeding from the extensive conventional leagues and in feet became the basis;Thisrise to ahonored friend Mr. Gerard hasgavepresumptin which myalluded,his elec- the of then: candidate Republicansmean to be understooda tmhaat alul,. orthe KaiSas-Nebraska actin1»»;._S;«*»-— the means had raised himself to power trample uponaad were parts of the same system, made at tbe sassa time (the ordinance a few days first) and by tbe saae imb.tolerably well behaved President Well, gentlemen,merely because it was feared that Wm. H. Sewaed, aseven the greater portionof our fellow-citizens in theabooldBOtlMdtateforamomentLetmesay,with- onthesidewalk,who,inthemidstofeachsentence, councilsofitsmanagersandleadsrs,controlledbyits overhim.New-York,Imight withtearsinher thatassociationsandcooperations,withthi_s,v,iew,. coumladyhavseaibde,enmadebuthandInhaCn«dwwl'fli<t°B^*whom tnay are most nearly alUed by and as a Breckinridge man. not as a Bell man, not dent of the United States, and that, there for hii:i. Thus Nev*-Vork acted ten years ago. localities the intents professed by Repubhcan Territories, I ells the same authority, at page SI, andpolicy prin- •iple, to fijgfat out the great battle for the Union, to be overthrown for want of tjhieir aiQd. iI snhouilQdol constilii- legitimate theand throughout nearly their anuouiircd prmrip.rs are inin resistance of tlie received impression that the Con a Gorora- siitution authorized Congress to impose -—be sorry,.' fellow-c-i^tizens tone one of those, throughIriuiee Indifference or impracticability, the victory inthoughthim. The man who ation !---ifrnieily'*of the stitclion referring to the government of the TenilO;-enad'a far more stale of things. ilonallty, yet, Surely dangerousas a man, but as one who Douglashe sonotthey disappointedthat the public conjuncture of public affairs demanded that allcfore, money,m others,then that he did not mean it, and intend- say scrisuslyills not merely su.spectcit but it isronZt wilh State rights,inde-aeaaence as a city. If such a responsibility is to rest hold in fifteen States of this Confederacy, and that tations had been held and slept on in perfect security. conservative sjieecli, and he stands before us as the nulshed. But let themere shade of an inveterate Abo-I trust, for our own honor, it Mtaarofus. j)of He was not one of the " Philosophers." He wassifcccs-. was not able to draw to its side one inan in a stump-orator and a politician, who denied office, in- backwoodsman, LiNcui.>., who has no capacity to.qov- not sooner make turbid the,' strudt ont, and adoyteft by tbaCa»- govenunentsnot be aflfi five of discussion, with all its yearsmayve bave formed now, had not been put in the field six the five others. There v.as a difference of opinion friends as he could. He was one of those men who genlhmen, this is the state of things. On Universal emancipation is then the comer stonesayeyes, condemned him, and throughout the length andextend through the South ii>spire alarm and to require attentionto tii-with NSthingcancurse of God rest npon that man who would preventother climes who love us. [Cheers.] They envy our the delivery of your votes in the public urn. Youcondition— feeling that sentiment to a reasonable and have then these 120 votes against them, and the Statehonorable extent, they envy our condition so far that of New-York should withhold her votes from the Re-they would desire to participate in it, and, as I have publican Party, Though she should cast them into apology, into the human sea that billowed below. the land in the people. An ever familiar ezeoM^ca-' said, those who hate us cannot withhold the tribute oftheir admiration, [-\pplause.]This country, let me remind you, gentlemen, is now|allodial ttU*stance of the States, where the tUgtm-,pastcould have b^en. fHon. JoBa Cochbake spoke from stand No. 3,;pursuits, and hadand sufi-however,plain theParty—if they succeed in electing their candidates whether C. D. go off. But I tell you this, that so witnessedthey will devise means through the forms offered to pure and holy was the office in which they name of .Vsdrew Jackson was hailed by the people. stmggle continued between tyranny and ^ntatmt—ircorastanoes which have called us together. CHAS. O'CONOR, PETER B. SWEENEY, mon fraternity. But, we are informed in language would often be obliged to settle by the arbitrary vote of those more fortunate days whichsquatter by virtue of propiietoraW[na SolevreimgththoefthepeopletogoverniheiliiiBhresbrWiMuponthe South depends. Their object as now plainly, dis-—Ufe's partialitiestheir mightof the human b whichwasof themselvesNew-York, Oct. 6, 1860. This has been announced id a distinct form. The cause in which they were engaged, that all their^ de- tion, and rebuking the charge that the excitement is them vrithbut represeniation'^ya^ «>h«lbsryet, so holy, so sancti- Jehial ReAs, Secretary, ties that bind the negro senant to his white master. fying in its operation upon their minds was the sacredthe presump- icsoliodneinetsical vriththtehat repelling against attemptcause and reasonyiMiealoiiuiixationsooposedtotheelectionof Resolved,Thatthethanksofthismeetingbe,andthey conflictwithSoutherninterestshasbeendescribedas liberations,allquestionsbeforethem,greatandbutartificialanditsdurationevanescentThecon- SloevesmsaybeonthepartotaBrittdiUngeraa^Mi-are hereby, presented to those nominated as JtfMour 'and Haxuh. I say we are assembled gentlemanAll ttiat constitutes the wealth and 01 the South is to be destroyedended in union. A unanimous vote affirmedmeasure which they adopted. Their servative men of the countrycan Congress, or tbe proposed victim oe coleaWi o^Electors of PresideDt and Vice-Preiident, who, with"to pnelabn our determination to the people of patriotic disinteregtedneas, withdrew their names in prosperity.Uti Stale, becawe, I am sure I may add, with tbe favor of the Union Electoral Ticket, thereby contributing we (soskleason vre do not doubt that they will take, in the ex- distinct vote on the Electoral ticket thus framed." theyIpoint may collisionoccur between theproprietorare ngiu non-mterventionists—abstaining from all in- terference in the political concerns of others, and ask- inga like immuiuty f^m interference in ours.the ticket was indorsed.The following resolutions were read by Mr. S. J.to establish government whenever their so- cial condition shall aimounce its necessity,clear that should tiw i«-gerwith which this consummation is received ity, the people of the States would be jnstmedai re-We liave come together, fellow-citizens, like theTiLDEy,adopted by;" not which of the one Union-preserving Elec-yet,be needful to accomplish one great object. TheySouthwillseparatefrom us.Theyfeel that they are effected with a smallarmyexceedingcame togetlier to form the Unionthe conventions, the niast meetings of Douglas;—and for this end we are reody, asthat the attempt to inaugurate by such means a sectional policy upon a auhiect vitallyandacclamation RKSOLDTIOKS.it is nabitants of aquite 'Territoryirrepressible.small,hitherto iiave been dis-tbe peroleof the Territories, it is in edehl' 'every and distracted. Numerous partial politi; in Uiis conflict? AVhat, gentlemen, what can final actios j-esulted In tlis report present- organizedonthe one side and "fntrfwifi of atnlrr. fliat we do not detire to interfere tb any manner sake of the Union.'' filings. Either that the people of the Southern States I reoognize in tids mastery of events over the pas- but nominal distinctions, have contained, neverthe- of the States. Can you tell me what right is KMI orto which is prom- cal«MBBiimBe« oir every maa wifliin tiw peach of my shonld tie dear to every tnie American, " Union for the ganized on such a basis ? Certainly one of two ised your unanimous, approval. Now, gentlemen, some instances, by obsolete creeds, and in other by The right of self-govemmenl inheres to the pea^Iwill submit to be virtually denationalized, for the purpose in view, the government of an over- less, memberstitkt r "^air advice or hp hoiding up our own actionTTiere was more confusion while Mr. Heset dis- Nwill submit to insult wlU submit to loss of pro- sions of men,;in this perfect combination and harmony who bave entertained in common theremoval to a Territory, or whafHght ia gained hj re-their ntmost to tbe aecompliiKinwit »t Uiat okiect wU«h- pxp^fit ''-4ifi9^itfor-, ed to-yonfidseveaing,organizations,ifty —m» aa txmmfltfttr mitaiim with arrangementsOBT political friends in other States. We believe we arose the voic> of Mr. Dix, saying, Fellow-citizenswaderstand better tlian they possibly can, what course fellow-citizens < I ask— Fellow-citizens I—[Cries of pressed country has been by foreign monarchical will, I trust preserve it to the end. [Applause,? Aa State ? Not one—not one. Aad tte lababt: tants of a Territory are ^solutely free and iadq»-Out of the chaos perty," occasionally subjected to Colonial vassalage as Canada is to ruling Providence—urn toof this." must either submit to that or ofpolicyisbestfittedforourselves,andforthesame Order"'] Fellow-citizens,Iaskforaclearandtyrants.They vvilUnglyhave claimed that the State of New-York aloneisting crisis, the course most judicious for them. We Order was at length restored, and vrith a loud shout trate the liberty and indepeddence of the South. Are evidence that the Slate of New-York will, by the has at length overthrown the barriers which partisan qualified by their inherent sovereign powerthe oftributedcopiesthat Providence which has here- Britain, as Ireland has long been, and as many an op- tofore protected this Union from all dangers, andone paramountconviction that the Union must be pre-!Their patriotic men,divisions long separated theseYet are amenable to that restraint eastn- they[Cries of No, never.") Then, if you arewilling call your attention to ai> event some time past united in supportexecute this power with dan- to the Stales, or in violation of their organle pol-that your swords shall be thus employed—party in the Northern States to take possession of the as the South will not tamely yield to such a subjuga- rai.-^ed to the highest pitch oi glory by the con-that the MResolred, That we regard the attempt of a sectional strength of your Territory shall not be thuscmploycd, tertain tltis opinion. The American arms wereawn of the Revolutiondivided by differences of opimon and diversities of in-terest, but with patriotic motives, and with a deter-mination to make all personal sacrifices which may Federative agency ol* all the States, adversely to the tionthree-quartersof a century ago,illw ord or two and I shall nave done. more,gentlemen,preventedpoliticalmust be made to submit to it by the power of^thesword. "Thus Northern arms are to crush and pros- can accomplish this object. We have the best ens our institutionsyou prepared that your strength or the influence of union of all the opponents of Black Republicanism, had erected, and we now behold the hundreds vuur State and of your fellow-citizens throughout the effect the object of saving this Union from the evils politics men of New -York North shall be employed in a work so unholy which are now threatening it. Let me for a momen' of thousands of the Union-lovingwhole people of the fifteen Southern States, aswe come together contrary to tbe fuodamental idea of the (;onsti- entitled to enjoy equal privileges with all the mem- thousand men, under the command of Wini-ixlp low-citizens, is the coimtry all alive with the proces- is for admission into the sisterhood of the States.tution;to preserve ittbey were, to make all reasonable compromise and affecting the rights, the interests, and the feelings of privileges, theyWhenold hero men, of Breckinridge men, of Bellreturned, and is it fired lo Congress, be will, with alacrity, accept thosefriends wellnotbers of iliis Confederacy, and unlesss allowed those Scott, the greatest living General of the age. l.ip- sions, and Everett men- and the power of admission having been confidodMr.James Bxookswas the nextspeaker.jofVm rtill a necesnty^-wfaefteT iMlor MngMKMrEu T. NoETOH was introduced amidcalls forwas the and effecnve taetnuMiit ofStates that love the Union. She oonditlaa.' would speak When MSwiaAiuMal leia-for the amusement of White Republican pit and Black p Republicangallery. [Laugjiterit was still more so on the out. 1 he space around the Institute was packed by loud-lungedright of self-government they Congress alone is Invested the poweriginous wreaths hoveredvisible by contrast.In the vicinity of the four stands appointedserved.organicdent^tion.ot the soil and the lawless aggressor. So also, thoa^show the reason why we should confidently en- toral ticket of New-York. [Cheers,]' The evidentdelighttBi of itsthe evil, even to the extermms—the necessary consequence then Is that the quest of the vast Empire of Montezuma, here is but a faded reflection of the ardor with which amuotvhiornsg. Still, there is no probability of such pain-SPEECH OF HON, JOHN COCHBAKE.1 will assume tion Wblie it is the part of judicious meanlstootdoepalvoeretequulyty'^i'iy dlsttnguished from each other. In tbe other. uChoers.)iandBut a common danger— dangerco6pera- tial to the protection and preservation of the jauMilf and Ai thisbut I do meanRepublicanism, might It be and in concertbe more exoUcit. aoMlar and intended ef- the conclusion that this little Billt Sewars, of Au- destiny of Wisfielb Scoit as a candidate. He had some degree of supposed of this celebrated Wduiance, That it did notbreadth of this land that opinion was fatal to "theiscause that tliese associaUons morethe man for their What has New-York now presented to her consider- ponents wear the appearance-wascould talk so well about irrepressible conflicts, and Blackonly championprospectsItt* certainly to be regretted that the Union ticket ten ot thus* States, and had hardly an adherent in tending to make as good a use of it for himself and his crn without some such assisianre, [Applause,] Now, ReuubUcan darken his doctrines. [Laugher.o]f ments' omitted, aad 'unappropriated lands' suhsfl-Saywbere,vention as it now stands, the ' tesm'*Ifitind been, Ido not believe it could, betvicen the members of that party and the people of have resort to any novelties for the puit>ose of plead- a mere suspicion that William H. Skwaed his edifice, and upon it he .erects a pyramidal struc-tuted byregulations significant-woej^afo.by IDypOaBiMUty,XJM SOW. Vnbi a cordial and uhflinciiing support, it Jacffl pOMtble to carry it. Nay, I beUeve that with aand manumission of of constitution and invasion'have been defeated. It is not too the South. With the former, it was a mere matter of opinion, but with the latter, it was a matter whichv^liat is sometimes called the multitude, but who had Ihc ear of Gen. Scott, New-York denounced that, ture of war upon the slaveholderGovernment power Md toand Prime .Minisler of this litionist cover a neighborhood, and the cuttle-fish predestined waters than does the»B>ojr wliich was Identified with has always acted, and always failed. He has, if I affeclions of the American People, We del'cated him of property rights—in a word, this needful rale aifl regulation dldaotja-On this principle he patriot soldier and deprived him of his tiold upon the the slave—disregard theof the dlviidtms of party widch it rcpre- social order, and twined itself around tlte very fibres may say it, paid his addresses, in succession, as the candidate for till- Pri'siclenrv. Now this same Such were the inspirations of tliut i>olllic convocation clude and that it wascs^tsniedtDr. Cha&les Gdilmette sang a " Union Campaign "intimate and continued until the,pld woman diedlast she did die, and W.>i, H, Seward was left aSong excnedingly wellv the people joining in the chorus, and thenwidower, [Laughter,]dale'for the Presidency—the treasonabledoctrines of tution at the South— a subordination to the uponTerritory,the imposition by ConpesiW. set downcorrespondence was of shortergovernmentMingle, mingle, mingle,WiDgle as we may." (Lau"ghter.to operate against him, and the old woman strong When nominating a rail splitter for the Presidencyfor acclared that unless Li.nxolb's portraitsphilosophersXrSi.te?;'' 'jr-'^utedphilosopher's—never be had unlesswas enough andwoundupbyurgingtliathowever secret,anditwas to promotewas not till one bright morning when ing Ihe South, and trying to make the North cry out to server of human Has it never occurred torails,sput 111,- L iiiuii. 1|to liesurface, issi^^^^^^^^s^S^i^^the and^tates to flie s^Territory. states and peopletoldof theMayor was his third and last association in wedded life, Ihenotinthetheir hours—all wakingorCkkard offered the following resolutions,wluch v»erc adopted unanimously:same'tr/hU '',"•""-• "'""'" »' this meeting be and the ooiH, tho Illinois rail-splitter, [Renewed laughter.)of thatfined to this continent. Let young Albert, when theandeff??ti,felah„'-°'"'','-'""'"l Ticket,and aPoliticians are naifthe other for high protection. One is re- «Sl£oughSS't't'he%7fr"'''"'"=5 '" ourfellow^iti-idcafc orth^expressions. And Hon.tliat Mr. Seward's made an enereetic appeal for the Union ticket. Hesent but a of made compact agreement betweraijaccepted by,aao' 'on teaneial qnestions. the other asAtheirsi^i°""Jf"f<J/i cumstances, selects and applies the me''"". °V,|2;.c3two the people « go equtd parties—Ion all.antagonisin ofspeech at Rochester was notthe sSnifice of allthe IfNeWvorkTerritory. 1 ims en^i [Cmcluded on Eighth Page-]f*^''*''hisown,for the dcciara-party predilections fqr inthis State.Staleand theipeople hi theto the CommittSe of FifteenThechoiceofLixcolhwent a upon pos-diadem his brow presses,remember ofwefi^oro its to the present moment has originand foreverit was theoldandthenewcould.^K' oiw own eyes. I allude to two leading Repnbli- uid tolki in £i^l'- ?°il.'hat said Committee be contm- that the doctrine of" the "irrepressible conflict" hold on to the Union now and forever, [Applause,]Amongtheseartldes artiele«iW- ^fpearsmean nothing v^hatevor by it.jMJIeet^^Dt*, flieto wiU be no difficulty in carrving it. Let oi their social position. It was on such a question, to threes old ladies, with each of whom State of New-York, still more deeply interested in which, :it Chicago, the of the Declara- properly, because the ordinance had provuea MTVeae;Then he courted another oldritorythis Abraham Lincoln is before us as a candi- flaming the mind of the North againstfor the purposes of g'''*TM- iiient, be one district of land"—a clear and !«•-hewastried in the balance, and found v/anting. This however, was keptan Slavery, wellto hate. He was in the habit of taunt- is suggestive of important consideration, asfor their wise"" '""^" <" "" Electoral was never originated in the brain of Mr.Si°'iT*1?o eo^'reXnTw^Pt'l. 1"hWhen Mr. Gx»*»n haa concluded, there were loudconflict which he there made tmo of an Irrepressible Abraham Liir-eUntoMr,0'C9tv«,whoiob«asdof the 6th of JaetriBftmUoowesttenUyhetf wdnMwltiies?theiagofouiD*bioatlngorei» tbetbirlecBe^oaiesbecame^" "'%•fo appJic^n.3at we are^^^mea^^»poke as fbUows;itive fact,very insignificant one,variably impelled by this perpetual agency, ''X^'.^' consent"rious as it may seem, when conveyed and defined as biddiug Slavery and InvolnntarT servitude in sawAer- a philosophical principle, you will each, wilhaut laii, ritory, &c.—not a law enacted by Congress, operwo;taken a new- and a remarkable proud husband,woman hadhandsome one [applause and laughter)—Abraham Lra-inher-Untitled Documenthigherfellow-citizens,;that the saidcism of constitutional, industrial and social putabledeciaraUonthatgovernmentwas then, has i>efore it as a candi- and. while couched under panoply both State andogj^gdso large an estate as his his are and this same Wm. H, Seward exacting and nefarious demands of the wildest fanati- parly avowed,who had rotfirst love. She was cailedduration. The oldfell <iCK, and if not absolutely dead she is very near it •liall il he said that the great and patriotic State of beneath visionary tlieorles Her people have still a little place up in the Heidel- Ncw-Yorkhas not v.ithin Its limits a sufficient num- with an exemplary persistencewomanquiteout a .tfie P•«•o•i-g-e","'is to he ills Prime Minister. Shall we hesitate to ex-lady ert our uiinosl power and ability to defeat him? and prlnclnlc—upon degr,idationbetween theircannot aflirni, but that is the pres-umplion, for of discord and civil wjr to protect Its plccriral vole tice. The engrafting of negrology upon their political creation of officers, of the m^'"' P?Ks^and vias is dead or ready at a moment'^ berg mountains, but whether she actuallyber of citizens who are lovers of the Union and haters consistencyiliar to you—1 mean Aunty-Slavery, [Laughter,] Thathimprinciple was becoming attenuated through the ex- haustion of mere extension. But the Convention atduty,that our Union Imparted blessings that were not con-and industrial othersufficientstrength—only three or four States voting and purposes are collected and held. Though in some fect to a Government on the people of the;true, indeed, ofveral Slatesof the—Rockets rushed up- to be found, there is Popular Soven _ .l 'our op- purpose imposenominated .tnRAaAM Lincoln;gress'"-»--:-"C '<! "• .lUitllthe land to the people, with whom, conwq fcto. twigtnmm! proceeds from the squatter right Mill la-itheira whichthreat- theyoccupyfromrapine depredation.and our Federal Government-ten it is entertained throughout the State. Literally, fel- wish of the settler ful extremes. The cherishedsovereignty.such a construction cannot, for an instant prevaiL Sostrenuously fortify it ;of which I am fundamental territorial lawTerritories there as soon as they w««effort ritorial governments down to tbe naaaaa ot''raiy gsvem-territory or other property,' and 'rules andadded— alterations which goto repulse theabsolute Abolition. territory 'as meaning land. This makes ttctoaxtbbtmaintained and it is further to be observed they to the erecUon., ... mu acndncntMv^UbHnM,tljgcharacter^rUon tneofcoi^ and the °" °/. :fv ',--:l .\V.-1r-^1.. ^^www.fultonhistory.comThomas M. Tryniski 309 South 4th Street Fulton New York 13069 