 NEW J i l l lYORK HERALD.nwww>^w»»<w«<fcw*^«*Wi0ORDOI l t l « « T I ,parts of Berrtme and Asia, many of them being re-TarPmWrallalCnsnpnlgn-glso Politi- asthatinaidofwhkhthis,eeaaWtUgiven, cians l(«-inarged—Tne «owntry pans. and we have no done* that the spaOt^os Opera0NEW. XOfiK miKAJJ), S^IUPDAY, JULY ,7, l^O.-llUPLg,! SHEETfliiwrnrfl AMEBICABMOTBTJM.Broadway.-Dayand Universal Saffrage and aw l nbalancedCt«Par-ova Imsa COCSIH-AUSE-LIVWS Cosjostnss, *oDemocracy-Mr. Everett's Replj to Earl Grow.In April last Earl Grey, standing in his place on the floor of the British House of Lords, gravely announced to the world that the expe- riment of self government in the United States had! proved a failure, because the checks estab-have learned bysadexperience nottoputtheir trust in princes, and that the royal word of honor is less reliable than a gambler's or aBATIOKALOOMCBBTgogues sought to rend the Union by a defeat ofthe compromises of 1820 and 1850. And it re-quires no spirit of prophecy to foresee (hat itwill soon put a check upon the spirit of fanati-cism which to-day sanctions the laid of JohnBrown and the vituperation of Sumner, and and the gaunt and ghastly spectre of disunionwould involve the country and the Government initsrevolutionaryanddestructiveMATOR WOOD'S MANIFESTO.—In another col- umn w e publish Mayor Wood's manifesto, in which he defines his own position at length in reference to the two democratic candidates for the Presidency now in the field. H e says, whatHow the constitution guaranteed to the Sici- lians b y th e British government wa<» overturned by the Bourbon despot from whom the present King inherits is known to every reader of Eu-coaintn or iBBMaWtl WAT —CiMsosaruk M—si—amIAlTD BROAD-upon the public plunder. W e all perceive now that the democratic party has perished because, as a mere spoils party, it could not "keep step to the music of the Union," and that neither thif> party, nor any other party of managing spoilsmen, adventurers and vagabonds, is of any higher importance to the Union than are(MkaalBB'Baa. 171Broadway.— , *C.-8OB»*SA» ~SALOON, K aissaiernal improvements, and when secession dema- there been a more general confidence in the gates having withdrawn from the Conven-f ALACt OABDB*, fan**** Street-TeWX AB*ftf lished by Washington and his contemporaries on an unbalanced democracy had been swepthave* been the charlatan tricks by which ourOAKTwBBCBVOONOWBTSAIXXW,MlIroadway.- luaos,fcssaaeaeaa,flm•waybytheastionofuniversalsuffrage.It was meet that the reply to this authorita- tive enunciation o f a grave a n d unfounded charge against these United States should g o forth to the world from one of the successors of "the Cradle of Liberty'—Faneuil Hall—now too •mail to contain the descendant thousands frommasses of the people pay little or no attention pledges made to the unhappy slave-, of to the campaign, which seems to be like a game Boniba under the influence of fear In 141$ of chess for the leaders. The candidates most have been perfidiously broken, it fat likely to win at the present stage of the game unnecessary to. tell. When the insurrec- are Lincoln and Lane, neither of whom is qua- tion w as baffled, and the revolutionists lified for the office to which he aspires. But appeased, then followed a reign of terror only however things may turn out, th e institutions o f equalled by the dark deeds o f Austria after she the country are safe. Thethreats ofthe South- bad crushed the Hungarians. To such an ern fire-eaters amount to nothing. The cry of extent of remorseless rigor did the late King,r,,t ,',,*, r i^£-suffrage, ard every unprejudiced rated wUl ac c,n*'*t» for farther supplies of Bible*. One .was in cept his conclusion. H e might hav<fc gone muchregard to publishing the Scriptures in fnridah. TotieSwise-Ttatiancommittee1500inmoneywaa fronted, while to the otiber applicanta various gronte and appropriation* were made.The liquor dealers continue to take oat licensee by the score daily. Yesterday twenty-five licenses were granted, for 130 each, by the Excuse Commis- sioner a t their meeting. This is the largest num- ber that has been panted at any meeting the pre- sent season.Tbe eotton market yesterday was comparatively quiet and price* unchanged, while the sales were confined to some 40* s 600 bafee. Tbe receipts of fleer were light, and tbe market was firm and tolerably active, includingpurchases ft>r export. Wheat opened with some snow of dnlaess bet with an improved demand. The transact ions footed up about 75.000 bushels, including seme 'J0,000 to arrive, at rates givenfarther, and, citing from the historj of fartiesamong us, have shown from the past and theof the Lnioo which now appenrs to pervade all interests, ranks and classes of the AmericanWhen it takes place.New*York democracy In favor of Breckinridge, he spells the game of the Albany firm or re- 4Frederick Hoffman, the milling clerk of the f**- Morse, Hoe, McCormick, Hobbs, Steers, and opinion, and will probably urge the reasona-THE UKSAFE BUILMNG LAW.—Among the very tween the election of Lincoln, Bell or Lane few useful orpractical laws enacted by the lastcine Mail Steamship Company, was arrested near Trenton Falls, in this State, yesterday, charged with forging two checks of si ..500 each.Capt.Ottoandfourteenofthecrewoftheal- leged slaver Kate, together with Henrique de Costa and other passengers, captured by Capt, Faunce, of the revenue cutter Harriet Lane, were brought before Commissioner Morell yesterday for exami- nation; but, in consequence of serious illness in the family of Mr. Donohue, counsel for the accused, thecasewaaadjournedtoMonday.the thousand and one productions o f our inven- bleness o f withdrawing Douglas, a s t h e weaker tive genius, which propel the 9hips, print the man. Who is to decide between them, or whatwill be the mere difference of the doubtful division of the spoils.Let the honest and independent masses of the people,therefore,whohavenointerestinthecorrupt Legislature at Albany w as that which assumed to protect the citizens of this metropo- lis from danger arising from the construction of unsafebuildings;butitappearsbytheopinionnewspapers, reap the harvests, secure the gar- ners,andconveyonthewingsofthelightning the ideas of other and older lands. He recalls our lexicographers, now th e standards o f th e English tongue; our historians, now the bright- est of our language; our publicists, now authori-prospect is there of harmony?To runasingleticket is importantwhenmodels in every sea; our books, n o w read b ytoxication. A resolution waa presented by Mr. all nations, and "the peerless name" which is at Charleston and Baltimore. It is only the strong Boweu. and panned, asking Judge Cornell, of all our own. These, the brightest productions conviction that their action would materiallyterday,finedA.H.Oliverfifteendayspayforin-dound to the benefit of those who cheated themcircumstances. Let those whose labors are di- certain unsafe buildings, " and any other they are working lustily for Douglas. rected to tbe fat offices foot the bills. Above building or part of a building" that, in theBrooklyn,tofurnish theBoard withacopyofhis decmioa on the Sunday liquor law. delivered in Junemat.The Board of Aldermen did not organize last eveningforwantofaquorum.ofscienceandart,arenot thefruits of decay consequent upon anunbalanced democracy.Leavingthefieldsofhistoric developement, andoftheprogressofthearts,bereviewssuc- cinctlyourrecord in domestic administrationall, as the Union will be perfectly safe in any judgment of the Superintendent or Deputy,ADDITIONAL FROM EUfcOPE.M*M^A^^^A«««*#^ArrtvmloftbeFnitonoffCap*Knee. GATS RACK, Julyft—8P. M.ThesteamshipFulton,fromHavre26tb.viaSouthamp- ton87thalt.,passedthispointatfourP.H,boundtoNow York. Shehasninetythree passengers and000toss freight.The Parana, from St. Johns for New York, passed her* incompanywiththeFultoa-TheKingofNaplesissajltohareacceptedtbepropo- sitionsmadebyhiscouncilfora constitution onaliberal basis, an alliance with Piedmont, ax., oa certain con- ditions.The National Guard are to occupy the dinerant positions in Palermo daring Garibaldi's operations against Messina. Tbe organisation of troops and marines was progressistat Palermo.The interview at Baden had brought aboat an tinder-standing between Austria and Prussia regarding the re- organisationofthemilitarycontingentandcoustttaUn of the Germanic confederation.Napoleon will not recognise the annexation of Stcilf, Tuscany and the Romagna to PiedmontTwo hundred thousand pounds in Australian goli ar- i ved ia England oa the 25th.ConsolsclosedontbeBSthatM\ aOS%taraccount, x dividend.In the Liverpool cotton market the sake of tbe three days ending with Tuesday, the Mth, were 3S.O00 bans, of which 7,000 bales Were to speculator; sad exporters.TheBoardofCouncilmen metlaateveningandtransactedatargeamountofroutinebusiness. A andtheapplicationofpubliclaw. Franklyad- Lincoln. Butthereinnousein talkiug aboutreaoiutioa was adopted inquiring why the HarlemRailroad Company do not run their cars to Fortysecond street aa often aa they are now run toTwenty-seventhstreet. TheBoardconcurredtoaward the contract for paving Iteade street, fromBroadwaytoWashingtonstreet,toJ.B.andD.E.Culver for the sen of $11,206 20,.they being thelowest bidders. A coaunnnkatioo w a s received fromtheCorporationCounsel,inreplytoareaolu-;tweentheadministrationofjusticehereandin tiooofinquirytoknowifRwouldbelawfulforthejEngland, inwhichheIsremarkablygenerousany harmonious arrangement in N ew York, when the friends of Mr. Douglas, whoare authorized to speak andactfor him,will•''•*-3—*—-< MS -"b'•MMtii' "^4—« *-•*-mitting that here, as hi older societies, in repub-lics as well as monarchies, bad men are some-times raised to office, unwise laws are sometimesenacted, unpopular ones sometimes violated, not listen to any compromise which will em- and that party—at once the safeguard and thebane of free governments—sometimes works its mischief with us, he institutes a comparison be-to th e older establishments, a n d which y e tbreaking up of the BUM pavement en Broadway. shows in BO small degree to our advantage. auspices. He has generally, however, been theCommon Council to direct, without contract, theThe Counsel reiteratesanopinionexpressed a fow months since that all work involving an ex- pense of $350 meat he contracted for, and that the pavement in Broadway cannot h e altered without a special contract. Mr. Pinckney offered a resolu- tionrequesting theComptrollertoreportbywhat authority a ferry slip la being constructed oa the Battery extension near Whitehall street. The con- tract for paving Thirty-fourth street, from 11stTheunrighteousdecisionsofMansfield,theat- tacks of Chatham* and Junius thereon, th e infa- mous orders in council, the political character of Britain's highest court of justice, sad her legislativecorruptionduringtikereign,afew yean since, of "the Railway King,'* are all touched upon tenderly and with greet conside- ration; while her standing army, her public saleof its offices, her starving populations repressedattackingparty,andhasusedtheweaponsofcontroversy most vigorously.Archbishop has had a tilt with the City Inspec- tor, in which the latter seems to Shave rather thebest ofthematter. Bythecopiesofthe correspondence, published elsewhere, it will be seen that Mr. Delaven has placid the most reverend father in the confessional, and that the Archbishop Bakes full acknowledgment of bis s i n s , r e c a n t o t h e s a m e , a n d a p o l o g i s e s t o h i s o p --SFes^ens*nana V a n TM^^e ^SBW»^^•^^•^^m ve• ^^mue* t w SBIM" BBuBBsm ^ a n ^ " B ^ p ^ s B W *en*swss»v%\A inm * W " V U | *A msome time during next week a grand concert,in which all the Italian artiste now In the city wiU assist, will b e given a t the Academy ofMusic. Thenet receipts will be sent to the committee engaged la collecting funds to assist General Garibaldi in his operations againstthedespotswhohave ground Italy into the dust The brilliant successes of Gari- baldi in Sicily have awakened the greatest in- terest inhis cause all over €teUnited States, and especially in New York, where the General has many warm personal friends. Every one wiU be glad to assist in eo noble a causea t t h e p o i n t o f t h e b a y o n e t , h e r g i g a n t i c c o r r u p -Crotcn Aqueduct Depart- tion under the rale o f the younger Pitt, when ponent. W e make particular note o f Utis fact,The market dosed dull, with flotations were not changed.a decliningtendency.• < •of pipe for the aaepuee of con- receiving a m i distributing 'UBBgj^ip,dnJB,VIt. Awar contractors inaimed en the benches of raxliasneat; her desk ere, when the patriot lights Of Butke and Fox went out in despair, end tbe only palladium of England's liberties wen the fervid eloquence of EraUne, controllingjuriestofindverdictsindirectop-because the Archbishop is not generally given to hnmility, and the spectacle displayed by him inhisnewrdieasapenitentisrefreshinginthe extreme. We trust that Mr. Delavan will re- member that even Archbishops are only human beings,withallthenaturalfrailtiesthereof;Tbe advices from Manchester arc more favorable. Prices were unchanged, though somewhat Irregular.TheLiverpoolbreadstonsmarketwasdull,withade- clining tendency. Wheat Id. toner, and corn alijMry declined.Messrs. Wakefield, Nash at Co. report Sour duM anddifficulttosellatformerrate*. Wheatdull,witha declining tendency, and prices about Id. tower; red 10s. Od.aU«.4d.,whitelis4d.a12s.04. Corndullsad allqualitiessUghuy.lower. ,The weather waa improving. »Ike Liverpool provision market was quiet.Beef doll and nominally unchanged. Pork dull andnoouaaiiyrtiB the next meeting.j^^'«pa^Bi^B*w(•** t»—fcjyS<ii nw^^ansi ^ ^ ^ ^^ssw*»^^^^^^ ^^^n^^ ^aw ^^w*^^m v^v ws^^^ jfssa- •j^Bn*^_^_^__^Jg snsni^H V^^^_^^ ssw^nsn^u, H A A ^ ^ ^ I A A JW ^ A h a r e "of corrupt judge*, are all that he will tamper justice with mercy, make the penance as light as possible, and accord to*wBr^B^seBBJ^BBBB^BB^Be commitMr. Everett claims that this bright parallel,to the princfpi. « gtfrgg*full absolution for his past errorsthis truth been demonstrate J by practice among us. It was the foundation of our independence and our greatness, at a time when pliant rulers would have purchased safety with submission. I t was the cause of the adoption of the constitution. when ambitious demagogues preferred sove- reign rule in a small State to national great- ness in a glorious Union I t was the bulwark1of the same charter o f our liberties whet fede-vered the fields w e were admonished by our made np in boisteronsness what it lacked in President maker and as tbe chief railroad engi-It commenced with a row. which cul-agitating devnoeratie polittciana that w e were . numbers. It commenced wltn a row. wmen cm- n e t .r 0 f the Legislature at Albany. H e mustla anolber column. Com advanced fully ana centper bushel, with sales of about 50,080bushels. Porkwas ingeed requestand prloes 1m; salesof newmesawen made at SIS, and new prime at $18 90 a $14. 8a-gars were steady, with sales of about 1,000 hhds. Coffi*was flriii, with sales or 1,500 bags Rio sad 1,000 bagsgovernment Jars, on Unas given la another column. pronounced a righteous judgment when a char- ton Convention. I t w a s a n ominous failure. Freights to Liverpool were firmer, and among the en-that the Neapolitan, government are offering liberal concessions to th e people—a constitu- tion, a general amnesty, a free press, a change of ministry, and an mtmtt cordial* with Pied- mont, preparatory to entering into an Italian confederacy. It is stated that the King has given his anient to these propositions. But whether he has or not is of no consequence. The subjects of tbe King of the Two Siciliesthief's.gagemeatawerewheat,labags,at9%d.;fleeratfla.04. and 1,0.-0 balsa eotton at S-32d. a 8-lSd.tered institution sought to control {the interests Tbe quack doctors thereof assembled again atof the country,when corporations claimed that Baltimore and doctored the party,their patient, Offices declaring in favor of Mr. Douglas,It waa its safety when a blue light)Conswntionat Hertford would have admitted a foreign ene-my to our firesides. It was the tribunal which monished, all eyes were turned toliheChawces-politicians thereabouts are in a peck o f trouble. In Missouri, also, there ie a serious divi- sion of the party, the candidates for Stateo death; but from that moment aB fears con- few,when contractors aimed to djisbuflte the cerning the Union,all dangers, tiireats and revenue for themselves under the jmask of in- elements of disunion disappeared. Never haswhile the Senators are opposed to him. In the Ohio Democratic State Convention there | a s been a serious split, a number o f the dele-the many should be taxed for the benefit of theTRIPLE SHEET.l e w York, Satwrday, Jnly T, I860.The lews. OurspecialdespatchfromWashingtonstate*thatIt Munderstood that an arrangement was concludedyesterday between the Postmaster General and niversary of American independence. Edward-Commodore Vanderbilt whereby the mails are to Everett, the orutor of the day, then and there but union in the doubtful States. For instance, to a very low figure in the market. They plead Because the Union m en in the South alone monstrate. That was the time for concessions; he shipped from New York to California three replied to the British nobleman in a speech— he thinks that New York, Pennsylvania, New not guilty. They never counselled a dissolu- would put down the secessionists, as they but no heed was given to their warnings.the few hundreds that, in the infant days of therepublic, were wont to listen to the voice of Douglas ticket should be run in every State of wolves and carrion crows to the army whiehpatriotismwithinitssacredwalls—andbeneaththe Union,thedefeatof thedemocracyiscer- theyfollow. Thedisruptionofthedemocratictain, and that nothing can save the nearly party has reduced our managing politicians ofstranded old ship from utter wreck and ruin the school of sectional agitators of all parties candidate should succeed is utter bosh, England and France found if necessary to re-the shadow of Bunker Hill, on theglorious an-secession or violence in case a Northern as well as the present, carry his rule, that bothtimes a month until the 4th of March next. Theterms of the arrangement bare uot transpired pub- printed elsewhere in our columns to-day— Jersey and Connecticut can be carried by asin tion of the Union, an "irrepressible conflict," anwhich does him high honor. If we were to seek gle democratic ticket; but with two democratic exterminating crusade against slavery/, or aAlways have. There is, then, no vital principle The successful invasion of Garibaldi te tbe re- at stake in the election. A ll the candidates de- sult With Palermo., the capital of Sicily, ia clare themselves to b e good Union men, and s o his hands, with victorious troops ready to tjhecountryissafe. Weadvisethepeoplege- marchonMessinaonthedayafterthemailsleft, with the most revolting atrocities of theto the politicians, and above all to refuseto pay royal troops fresh in the recollection of the Iany money for campaign purposes. L e t them people, it is not probable that any terms will pay their own way for once. be accepted from a prince whose reign, thoughhetenotyettwenty-fiveyearsofage,SETTTJiMEirr OF THE CALIFORMA MAIL DrF- is characterized by an amount and degree of FJCILTY.—TheadministrationorganatWash- crueltyscarcelysurpassedbytheworstand ington concurs in the statement which ap- most hardened ofthe Roman emperors.licly, bat the arrangement is said to be satisfactoryto both the high contracting parties. The mails for one of the triumphant defences of the prhv tickets, Lincoln will be sure to win these States, Southern confederacy, or anything of the kind.for the Pacific will therefore be despatched from ciple of universal suffrage in America omittedTJThathepro- poses, therefore, is that, as Douglas is strong in theNorth,andBreckinridge strong IntheSouth,Both factious of the democracyjare for the Union; all the parties and all the candidates in the field areforit;Yanceyabandons hisSouth- ern confederacy for it; andGovernorWise,this city in the steamer whkh sails on Wednesdaynext. factthatsuchamanashimselfhasbeenbroughtand tobeelected bythe people,nerally to keep out of the ring, leave the fight1CapeRaceathalfpastfouro'clockonThursday one ofthehighest offices inthegift ofthe afternoon. Her advices areoftbesamedate asthose people. broughtbytheParanaandEtna,bntthetelegraphic Decliningtogivethediscussionthecharacter trantmary ofher news,which we publish in anotherSouth. Inthisway,betweenthem,theywould montwereelected,isnowreadytofighttostayobtain a majority of the electoral votes, and de- in the Union. On all sides, with the terriblefeatLincoln,whichistbefirstdutyofthede- crashamong thecrockeryofourdemocraticby the eloquent orator, w e might find it in theThesteamahipPulton.fromHavre26thandSouth-ampton 27th ulU, for New York, was intercepted on* practice under the principle, as a candidate for North, and the Breckinridge ticket orlyin the who threatened to break up the Union if Fre-forward spontaneously, after eighty yearsofonlythe Douglas ticket shouldbe runintheis very true, that if a Breckinridge ticket and acolumn, contains some interesting intelligence, and of recrimination, for which there was ample mocracy. How the votes should be iapportioned politicians, w e find our party leaders, organs,mote complete market reports than previously re- and abundant room in the parallel period of afterwards, whether toBreckinridge or Douglas, orators and camp followers wonderfully de- peared in our columns yesterday, that the When neither France nor England will comeceived. " iBy the arrival of the California and Utah overland mails we have advices from San Francisco to the IStbult., and later accounts from Oregon. British Columbia,CarxonValley,GreatSaltLakeCityand theSandwichIslands.Detailsofthenewsaregiven in our columns this morning.Accounts from Buenos Ayres to the 17th of Maystate that the exploring expedition under Captain Page had nearly finished its work. Lieuts. McGary and Chandler had obtained leave of absence, and would soon return home. Yellow fever prevailed •t all the Brazilian port.-*. Prices of all kinds of produce continued to range unusually high.Jacob 8. Harden was executed, for wife murder, at Belvidere, N . J., yesterday. H e died without a murmur and preserved his composure to the last. In t h e morning he walked o u t and inspected the arrangement of the gallows. He seamed resigned t e bus fate, and expressed his sincere penitence for his crime. A graphic account of the scenes and incidents of the execution will be found in another column.The Walton-Mathews tragedy is still shroudedin mystery,notwithstandingtheeffortsoftheCoroner and the police. There were rumors afloat yester- day of some fresh and Important evidence having been obtained; but upon inquiry we learned that the testimony, so far as its importance was con- cerned, amounted to very little. A conductor on theFourthAvenueRailroadinformedCoronerJack- man that about the time of the murders a man got on the ear at the corner of Sixteenth street, and after riding a few blocks got off at the forward entrance, without paying his fare. The man, hesay*, acted aa though he had been running, and waa evidently laboring under some excitement. The conductor thinks he can recognise him if he ever aeea him again. \English history since 1776, Mr. Everett has or some other man, could be made a matter of voted to the great objects of seotional peace failure te contract for the transportation to his assistance, and when Austria dares not, brought to his task truth, research, vigor in arrangement. and harmony. of the California mails is attributable to and when victory te crowning the arms of the argument, eloquence in expression, and a scho- This looks well on paper, and would be a The Union has proved itself stronger than our the members of tbe House of Representa- revolutionists, it is too late for the Neapolitan larly taste in the arrangement of his subject capital plan for defeating Lincoln if it could be disunion agitators. They have been broken to tives. For some years past both branches government to offer concessions. Louis matter. Hecomparesthecolonialeraofour practicallycarriedout Thequestionis,will piecesagainstitasthewavesoftheSeaare qfthenationallegislaturehavebeensoover- Philippe'sgovernmentofferedfargreatercon- historywithoureraofselfgovernment, thefriendsofBreckinridgeandDouglas,inevery brokenbytheGiant'sCauseway.*r)healarm riddenbythespiritoffactionthattheyhave cessionsin1848,buttheexcitedpeopleinpos-• — — - — — > iPi — -- . y ^'^j^&•*&»***-present, even from the political disoi gani/ itionof to-day, that the principle of universal suf- people, irotwithetandfn^ tiie dtetractiett of the | PftOCBESS Of THR r^BROTOESTUI. CaRTAICRr.— due.* tltem>p a bumble petition for a treate/frageandthecommonsenseofthepeopleis, democraticparty,isoneofthemoatremarkable tfepublishelsewhereareportoftheBreckin- ofpeace. LetRichmondgetdownonhithings of the day. ridge ratification' meeting at Philadelphia the row bones to his master at Binghamtoa, or elementineveryState.,Foreight}yearshas Whilethesnowsofthelastwinterstdlco- othernight. Itwillbeseenthatthemeeting ;.rfpsrefofacrushingbankrupt^,bothasa'beyond a ll comparison, the most conservativewalkinguponthecrustofagrumblingvolcano, \minutedwhenGen.tanebegantospeak inbe „,„$£ jg,^^**&1 ) $ ^ ^ « .allwfllhethatanearlyexplosionwas inevitable,thatthe |»ifofhiscolleagueonthe ticket TheOre-,i^t..,,which will be found subjoined to the letter of parties in the field will hold against each this relation. They have broken down our of the democratic party has worried the philoso- Mayor Wood. Such is the animosity of the two other. mail steamship lines, and left us dependent upon phers of the Coal Hole beyond measure, andfactions against each other that either would prefer to see Lincoln elected rather then the candidate of the rival sect of its owi party.This is the true estimate of this campaign. British ships to carry our mails, not only to Eu- they are likewise in a bad way about that terri-r Should "Old Abe Lincoln" be elected by the rope, but to Mexico and the whole of Spanish- ble fellow, Fernando Wood. It fat feared byMayor Wood sets them an example which theywillbesurenottofollow. HJesaysheis entirely with the Breckinridge men in principle, and would have voted for the Southern plat-people, he will have an adverse majority inthe Senate to keep him in cheek to the end ofAmerica, our next door neighbors, with which we have not a solitary mail steamship line in opera- tion, thepostalservicebeingconductedbythethe leaders that the Mayor will again take his seat by the council fire, and rule in the Old Wigwam. Sothereisa most strenuous efforthas not—been performed with the order and form bad his delegation been admitted, and that Bell, his administration will have to be regu-Vanderbilt was forced to pursue was the onlydares to mention the awful name of Woodbeauty of communities which have been matur- ingforcenturies,amidscenesinhabitedbyman for more than a thousand years.Passing from the contemplation of this labor of giants, he rapidly recounts the progress we have made during the very infancy of our poli- tical existence i n the higher branches o f a gene- rous civilization. Our triumphs in the mechanic arts are attested by the names of Fulton,he would now prefer the election of Breckin- lated so as to meet the requisitions, perhaps, one to bring the government to its senses, and within the sacred walls. The affair is of no ridgetoDouglas,andprefertosupport ofarepublicanHouse,aswellasademocratic wearegladtofind,bytheannouncementin greatconsequence.Whilethechiefsaredis-him in the State if he were the stronger candi- Senate. Should the election of a President go cjur Washington despatch,, of the conclusion of puting their hunting grounds are passing away date. But the main point is to defeat Lincoln, by default in the House, and should the Vice a contract between him and the Post Office from them, and before a great while Tammany 4,and to do this in the State of New York Mayor Wood contends that Douglas is the better man, and, therefore, he means to support him. The supporters of Breckinridge, however, in- cluding Daniel S. Dickinson, hold a differentPresident elected by the Senate, say General Department, that it has been productive of the will be so far played out that it will not be Lane, thus become President, he will be held desired result The mails will be despatched worth any ones while to go there at all.Untitled Document! goes, ftt fhvrtttuTe.••• ^-^*-•-•*.Latterly, th e\o\ctamastexccTkntjoke. Mr.D•.*. .wor^kjwryw.fen^wej^ wtth tk^Jengeney, The perfect sense jof security in the stability House will be densely peeked on the night tar, in reeding off the hard ahcil wing of theUnion would be d«stroyed,and that the leadingmen o f the Southern States, attiring themselvesin domestic Hnsey-woolsey, were preparing forthe solemn alternative o f a Southern confede-racy. There* was a general alarm. Could w e same tiling o n tbe stomp.oftheNorthsave theUnion? Ourdemocratic ThisPhiladelphiarowseemstohavebeen a1theFulton,whichwepublishto-day.itappearsralists and"fifth monarchy men"wishedtobend it to the adoption of aristocratic forms. oracles were dumb, or they answered us only family quarrel among the politicians. Thererepeated warnings of danger. Our only has also been a stormy session of the State Com hopewasinthedemocratic party,TnhuaA- mittee of Pennsylvania, and,altogether,the^on Senator kept hi*,temper, however, end de li vered a curious harangue, ending, after t h e usual Western custom, with a funny story, or one supposed to b e funny, which is about ( h eINTERESTING News neon NATL*.* --ROT AI.Coa> CEHSIONS Too LATB—By the newsfrom Europe published yesterday, a s received b y telegraphtion and set up a Breckinridge party. Allthese things show that the breaking up thedemocratic party i s a fact accomplished, a n dthat nothing can save the old hulk from being atotal loss, passengers, crew, cargo and all. A sfor^he republicans, whether they win or lose inNdvlmber, they can hardly hope to escape thedemocraticpoliticians haveretainedtheirhold samefateagreatwhilelonger. Meanwhilethe ropeanhistory;andhowallthepromiseeandUnion than since the destruction of this corrupt old party, which many good and honest people had been taught to believe indispensable to the very existence of the Union.The truth is at last discovered that the Unionduring the last sixty years of which w e have State North and South, agree to it? If they do is over, the people feel easy, and the country isadvanced from five to thirty-two million* of not, how can it be done? For instance, suppose gradually recovering from the late financialpeople. H e recalls the fact that daring this it was arranged to run the Douglas ticket only revulsion and our late disunion excitements.period w e have had to explore a con- in New York, would the friends of! Douglas in Confidence in trade is extending, and in Objects. The Post Office Department has been He te lucky if he escapee across the Adriatic to tinent, to open mighty rivers and lakes,the Union it te restored. The solid masses of a sufferer perhaps to the greatest extent For his Austrian cousin in the disguise of a wig and to drive back the forests for thousands withdraw him in those States? A one-sided bar- the people are really beginning to believe the want of proper action that important branch a peajacketAlabama o r Louisiana o r Virginia consent toof miles, and withal to subdue the savage in gain would never work. That the friends of that it will make no practical difference to of the public service has been placed in cou-beast and human kind. H e reminds the world Douglas will not withdraw him in any State is them whether this man, that man, or the other, \ inual trouble and confusion. MORE TROUBLE AT TAMMANT.—Tammany is that during this short period twenty sovereign evident from the letter of Miles Tiylor, of the is elected our next President, because of the There is no doubt that nearly all branches of getting very shaky about the legs, and very States have been founded, many greatcities NationalDemocraticCommittee(Douglaswing), checks andbalances which,inanyevent,the thegovernmentaremore orless to blame in crocbetyin theheadlatterly. Thedissolution have sprung up, rivers and lakes have beenpeopled with innumerable steamers and otherwater craft, and thousands upon thousands ofmiles of railroad and electric telegraph havebeen spread, where, within the memory of liv-ing men, the savage once burned his captivratthestakewithinthe gloomy shadesof adensewilderness. And he rightfully claims that thisrough and mighty work could not have—as ithis term. Should theelectionbethrown intoCongress, and should a compromise be made in English West India and Brazilian mail steam- being made to keep him out, and there te talkthe House, resulting in the election of John ships. The course, therefore, which Commodore of passing a resolution to expel any brave whoin check by the conservatives of both houses on Wednesday, as usual, under the new ar-from any extreme measures of a party character. So, in any event, the practical difference be-rangemeht-DCLL TIMES ON BOARD THE GREAT EASTERN'.— Weperceivebytheaccounts ofourreporters that, as w e predicted, the high tariff charged to visiters keeps the people away from thebig ship which everybody was dying to s e e a week ago, but which has already lost much of its in- terest The persons in authority over the ship woulddowelltotakewarning bythesevere way in which the public let her alone, andviewed in connection with the election for mere spoils of victory, leave this scrub race. to of Judge Bronson, the Corporation Counsel,Governor and other State contests, j But te the the management of the spoils politicians di- that even this law furnishes an evidence of the make a sensible reduction in the price of admis-Albany Regency monopolize the spoils when- rectly concerned. L et these politicians have stupidity and incompetence of that most incom- ever the democracy wins, and as the all the glory ofpaying their party expenses of petent and flagitious body.sion directly.ties in legal science; our constitutions, nowthe hards have nothing to gain or lose by the the campaign. On the part of the man who The Corporation Counsel, upon being applied THE SWISS BELL RINGERS.—The editors of thepatternsoftheworld;ourengineers,now result,theywillnotbedisposedtodoesnotwantanoffice,surelyavoteforthetobytheMayorforhisopinionastothesoleorganoftheconstitutionalUnionpartyof The Police Commissioners, at their meeting yes- leaders In the constructive art; our ships, now enter into an arrangement which can only re- ticket of his party is quite enough under the legality of ordering the Sheriff to remove this city. Their ticket is Bell and Everett; butevent,letourindependent menofmeans,who can candidate that can induce them to sup- have heretofore bled so freely to sustain thecontributetothegeneraldefeatoftherepubli-it may be necessary to take down orre- move, as provided by this law,hasin- formed his Honor that It would b e unsafe for himtodoanysuchthing, inasmuch asthelaw providesthattheMayorisinvested with power to make such an order if the building in ques- tion is "unsafe or dangerous," and not merely ijf it be reported so to him. Judge Bronson thinksthat theMayor should notventureto issue this order unless he can prove the build- ing to be unsafe anddangerous; which, ofc ooree, th e Mayor cannot b e expected to d o . Thus itseemsverylikely thatthis enact- ment,which wasso muchneededforthepro- tection o f human life, will prove inoperative and a dead letter upon the statute book, owing to thegross carelessness with whieh itwas drawn up. The bill, w e believe, was construct- ed by the Fire Department; bnt our Albany Solons, who are gifted with such acute percep-tioninframingbillscorrectlywhich haveany corrupt or oppressive tendency, should have seen that this really useful law was so wordedpress their rage, forget their wrongs, and go to worktocarrytheStateforthecandidatewhom theyregardasonlyone degree removed frombracealltheother States, Itis evident that the democracy Is doomed.ABCnBtSHOPHCGBBSINANew ROLE.—The metropolitanprelate hasappearedbeforethe public a great many times, and under variousleeches and loafers of this or that party for cam- paignpurposes,havenothingmoretod6with them. Let these expensive electioneering loafersandleechesbe reducedtotheirownre- sources, and w e shall have the most quiet and orderly election ofthe last fifty years,Ouragitatingsectionalpoliticianshavebeen reduced to good behavior from the confusion and the fog into which they are thrown with the dissolution of the democratic party. They are no longer the stumbling block to t h esoberloafersseveral parties concerned b e c u t off from their ordinary supplies, and the rowdy element of our elections will b e abolished. W e are getting on very well, however, with this new politi-judgmenta n do f the electioneeringcal revolution.rising out o f this chaos o f parties and factions. Thepoliticiansaredown,and thepeopleare up; but w e must remember that Some was notbuilt in aday.people. vagrantsL a w and order a r e even n o wFOR GAKTBALDi.—Wea r e informedthatL e tth e o fmere t h ethat it might b e productive o f good. fa) not their way o f doing business.B u t that\ DANIELCY.—The Regency made a great mistake in breaking faith with Daniel S . Dickinson. H a d DeanRichmondspokenthewordatCharleston or at Baltimore, the South would have listened, and the democratic party might to-day perhaps havebeenaunituponDickinsonastheirPresi-dential candidate. Bat the Regency never intend- ed to keep faith with him; for when they had in- veigled him into their confidence at Syracuse last fall, Richmond laughed in his sleeve at the credulity o f his victim, a n d nudged the anoint- ed man jor Charleston, Horatio Seymour, In the.S .DIOUKSONA imTHE ALBANYREGEN-i• -- •• -neglected the most vital interests o f the coun-try, and almost every measure of practical a bonfire of bin throne. A nd so it te likely Utility, in the furtherance of their own partisan to b e in the case of the young tyrant of Naples.I from St. Johns, being o p t o t h e 27th ultimo, ! and b y the additional intelligence brought b ysession of the royal palace replied b y making i 309 South 4th StreetThomas M. Trynisk Fulton New York•13069www.fultonhistory.cor-unghanged.Baconsteadyfor good.l e r sm 