 JversalGod. But the claim of Sovereignty for the chanan replies, in a private letter, substantial* Brecicinridge Party, that the fact de-fWii-gorft"Wwr-TDBK THrfsaPAT, .aMilirely requeet at,and prett; active de- ratea. Proiiaiona wereCaptara o« theSeas.ex- and the*^SRspeech, shook hands with himtwice.NtwTtrk Tinut.The Prince of WiOes and suite arrived from ttaarc pvjikparUthem, except, perhaps, coming in ofMr. Buchan-anBand playlagervwd. Heitftt was welcomed by Om"«BK MBW-TWBKTinCBS.t* iM Vi"** Bnlltfic, IkoBtlag Iht ourThere wen 4fi3 vesaela of all classes in The Live Stock maikets have been abundantly-suppliedreport submitted in June last, or by Mr. Liiro- SAT, we glTe what w» consider to be the pre-questionable whether as Engfaieer, who oonldbe guilty of such an extravagant ooBstructionTh£ C^ilial was -reached at SH. The Baltimore^^rmr; twmim •• «a»addrMi fur; *6,l61t6M9beet cattalnedGen. Cass, duly tanprsasea wttti the importance ofthe occasion, and aceon^aided by the nesidenfa senceof theneplww, wa^ about the tint person who caught a capital of th« great ^le cf Panasrlvaaia.tM inW.TO«K men MC- Iw o*fiM«»«at7,7S9 U^e hogaOtftAn.iit'Lam—BMamMt,Kma or Cisss.of civil or political liberty. These are hut the Congress, requested Mr. Buchanan to renew fill! chase of the fhgitives, with a fair prospect basedPriae* gracefully bowed, touching bis hat. Some bouquetswerethrownashepassed.The Prince expressed himself toI St tiM !<>««* el*k ''**'a step further andoatheartily and cordially. Q& then made a neat littleIntroduced the Mayor and several otbeis to him, led him to a very elegant equipage, and then they fretted up Pensylva- nla-avenue at a quick pace, greatl/'to the annoyance• iimill fur il-T*' •!•"*SSS^mnSri-d to UN "Pi*aih« HIWpresentne«lT«>•>S^F.IL.bfNewip^erTnia. gcoddemand atUtb 61e.®6ic., weightfor corn-fed."Mansionwedidnotgo. Ruaiortellsofanaffect- ing meeting between the public funcUonary and theImmense "WMiW,«AMi>lM-^t*i»w;Hmw.•phnae Topolcr Sorereigntyof our Go-vemment was withdra-wn, aid that the pro-adversary, copied from the example of mentary toasts,b.,_.YORgB niHWtw. yA«i». iriIXittt>6TBtATRB-FLATmwniFm.;proceedingothers of thewent through ths mostBT IBBinB—Hon n OiuiomA—Te> Cia- nans eV Bietsa.tutions. Thewholepeopleare.sovereign,to them the individual may take his ^pealfrom Congress, from the Bxecutire, and from Febmary last, in the interest of cconmerce,It is due tolicly state that every sentence penned by him con ceming the genUeman irtn represents the Londonr.mcj, durligthe visit of the Prince of Wales, was•AJMnm mmmni—AAanooa aal iTcalnc-Jo- arsura aia Baataaaii.rAIiACX 6AR0XNS—AuaioAlt Ihstitutb V^%.perfectlyreliable au- inconvenient time and if erroneous, are liable to reversal by the pow- perfect immunity of all private property upon is less, however, as a shrewd legislative, distance add, that if be has been misled in the prem-. MCMTIf CAigBnj.'8. Saui aUoon-XmonuiMr. Bu-ises,serves commentinsubordination to the will of- the majoritylies the dangerous distinction of those who train. There were about a thousand spectators at theappearance of Baltiiaore and WASBiBa«os*s ment, which the prooeasion drove around.Miaw'OAVAIrfllVBR-No.aw-WainaaK-f jraaa Siuin wtntyawmwa.[SZaiATCB TO TBI ASSOCIATID PSSSS.]The gsoeial expreasionof the ladles was : " He's*MfcWS OF_THB DAY.of the at and that no property country large,fitiutHambnrgandthe^ftom Soathan^ton onport wstoiday. Their news has b^n anticipated by tslegrapldc advices of three daya later date, butofficers.It Is a noticeable fact that Gen.andsesses water-tight eomparttneats and all modem ias-.terms from its iinmunities andadvantagesandsity VioUttanotfeeling,real when she Clis it, and moveson thein honor of Lord Raarasw and his suits. Ttds exhi-days19th alt,ough repairA really crowded and brilliant house last evdhlng the theory of the British Constitution, was bom a provements. She will leave New-York on the Ittt,/'dentlai bitionmade.nn: D<»- endimnigkbvccstoewrsdaj7,67nuremailwcraeldvebe hereafter prodtietive of UstL** benefiw nations.DoiiAM •I III III fcr TnDou^^Mi exception'Boaer -eonfstredJ.•tlveof »«kiw»> XmrnaaitrorPrirMolhrover-^tws-OCTOBER 4. IMt. in^faed for. Pork was rather cheaper. Thenecessityval for cause is thresfonei, is''*^*^#*5tf hasbeokwaa InCorn waa urlfajnUsdhowerer, irregular figures.ty fto* ssumiiigmand at a ahade 'aiqiplrHigh subjectwiUabaodantly PaitiesOa'onooilIbrreached Ihe •aifO' "tat Ban. Hands wereticed. port.and Ohio Railway decUaed se.'^dlngapilot engine,foUoWiorEicShr n70tB ths-^V'"' »IJ|Mj»attoB.*,ck wfifaoattraeliif thJlia«-»oasB«Kl^''»J,reac<wUAgala welcoming VaA Raima-* "•.52r.'£.5«»~T'-organs of the popular will;decrees,propositionMabct,presently securingonlyat thiser which created them.the ocean in time of war."To this request of the Chamber,and has beenposition, he most heartily regrets it HOWARD.with whom he conversed as freely,Mayor Swu, delighted irlUithaMd twnlgmijin prices. Wheat ThePeriiMt**heardnineofthe S^** «o»H»henslve^*" «l,Mgher 'that befoie thetUabe emplifiedin this oaae.shake^Bugara,Teas, Cotton. Wliiakr,snat --^-of animals than for some time paat Th:) total leee^ at all the City yaida, for the weekThe "ers, in 1866, declared allf" Secession in Orboom.—.The news we receivecrowd. There wO*e a num- their progress tfaroi^&e Limited »0<esm^^jhlqualityParis Conference" ofprivate property onvery greatber of police oSoeis, aad any quantity of dlti'idtailes.168 ; ; aheep,; total, 30,918. AU theae, with thethuThe Prince brlefiy replied. «9raa.^ln«except by armed publicMr. Marct, on the proposed to the maritime are weekly aacrlficed in thi* City, At veaterday's logical sequence of the "weeily moket, be«f cattle sold about ic.9>. lower eatiiaatad diened than was fneial weight,paid for the-eame good* a week ago, though the general good qoality ofthe bullocka kept the average of all wlea at about the same figures, 7^.®7ic. MBch coWb are in a little better demand atV was Sent to the maritimeto the large re- H. DiwsT i»- OBT Afent «t Boehartar. ceipts, are 2fic. 4^ tiead lower. Live hogs are infromfiresidehas abandoned thetilghiqw.v{ir«ekly)-T*ondlch cowa, an destined for alau^ler doling • ahigl» weak; Few ire probably aware that twentT-fi*e to tbirtT ttansand animalsships.Oregon is not flattering to-the home andof ths £ew'ing prices, as the jffice of milk is advanced Ic. quart. Good veri calvea are selUng well, at formermore liberalratea. Sheep and lambs,owingoipolloi,thought the receptionThetent iathe month of tie stump orator and the demagogue, because it Is redolent of the great truths which lie at the basis of our free insti-^_The New-York Chaml>er of Commerce, in ttmflfO^rBn iSBATBX—Tb* Oosaisa or Lron— the Supreme Court itself, upon any question and in view of a contemplated Europeanyour correspondent that he should pub-wlillst a vast throng pressed after thesupreme, under' the Constitution,and underrevolutionarytendencies of theit is not ." entitled to consideration."This opinion of the President is extro- the CvntUHght, wMch antved at St. Johns, N. F., them without first obtaining the common con- verted by a Committee of the Chamber, tostation intense toevincing anxle^ obtain a view oftook the cars aparty amU tremradoos ofBaropean advices two daya later are received by individual has a right to occupy any portion ofthrong spec- have chosen the Oregon Senator as their can- ills person, and -In this they were gratified. Many tators, snd departed amid cheen. Enthusiastic cheers!aiMt tjgercise state of the for the preaent week, and with a better fore the Chamber.as consider the ord'nary regoliMlons of the road theyand theirThe people alone aretheof Mr.ofImprov-treaty,of a is absurd, if we that unless Mr. Mabct's is people Territory palpably ly, propositionreflect that the Territoriesaare the eoftmion coupled with the doing a%eay with blockade,nice littlegi)e yqp-itofc «;{iiB!«. mmn^ iteitofel*: m^ "onthean, he caused notice to be is po- sentatives abroad that thisHall Colombia,''QaaeB," "Tanks* DoaOe," and "Wa^togtoff*and since.prominentstreets, gtvstsd by thousands of spectatois of aU ages and both saxaa^Immediatelyexempt privatecomposedfriendsofDovolas andon the hi^ seas, in a war, from capture alto-Lincoln,again of CommerceseaflmeMs'tttisred, 'I?*""'*!!' qnkea, and their depar- Aate tha^tVwould notHarj,NavalBtorfs,andTallowwere,moderate. Itsmeetingto-day,eitherontheCommittee's Citywaacalledupontopay,Vi^iascarcely turetakenat«o'clockp.'*<'lsely.transactions inHost other branches of trade . remained as last no-broughtChamberatbenefittamely nibmit, a&d if thequesUon, as it now stands be- of plain directions, might fairiy expect to beeir>al to any emergency. At and n0*r.the d^pot vanla, the Ooranioryapres.^ «*•»««« deslrBthrtEuropeanhigh teas, during a war, free from capture,lyll"> bothMssteMrr hSa Id tbaofPowfers, and as agether.This proposition, in the form of aofservice of the Slavery pro-majorityofitsLegislature, dom;partour Government, declaraUon,"togo pagandistsGen. Jo. Lamb. Oregonthe Administration, in the con-The a Southern State inclose.of the last fidentbeliefthatallof England, would execute it.posed treaty need not be executed-dox ofwest ishenceforth a free-labor State.It is true that the triumph Of the dominantWest over tha Noilfaera Ceotral R4>sd at utesbetoreSthisaftamooo,andwasmetatthsand the matter has remained in this condition everconstitutional right ofopen eaniage, fidlowedby sul|aandseveralettlseaa. TheearOgtPowers, just atopinions.giventoourreiwe-partyispostponed, through a clever device of Jyoo^bfulOuelph,of a* f^—4^^t as. .k .i. _propositiontat thisBritish subject, his nativity l>eing before tliew« receive details of conaidetable interest. The Mr. DoDQLAS have evar shown a willingness, templated the perfect exemption of private sionate and pathetic opera of " La Traviata." There peace, received the Prince In the name of the Presi- regular trips.Italyat Borne, liy wliich he jw supposed toparquette,audiences not verylikelyarrivedelement ofvant to thebecause theKasl^.Cass, who,underSovereignty.question,propositionIt is that neither Gen. Cass nor of both Mr. Mabct and Mr. Buchanan con- singularof Charleston on the IMh to reaching Inst.,SafdiniaB Biemorandum explaining Yjotob Ekajt-OH,^ naaona forMJnister from Turin, will be found among our ex- withstanding the liberality of their theories. propertytracts. GakiBaldi has issued an important proc- In advocating the Kansas-Nebraska bill, it is privateers and sbips-of-war is goneBev. AHnaaw G.practically, to concede absolute powers of self-property from capture on the tiigh seas, ^d are divert ways of achieving a success in the charac-appointedthe Pontifical do-iili«i<w*i and the dmstttuHontuCt semi-offi- government to the people of a Territory, not- this being accomplished, so far as private The dinner party at the President's to-nlgfatwascial sapoaltion of the recall of the French is concerned, the vocation of both New-York before her. In this character, by dealing prolonged to 10 o'clock. There were present besides Ington,invadingterofVioUtta. HUe.FicaoumnncarriedLondonand thePrince'smother.laaition to the Sicilians, announcing liis positive butto capture.The majority of the Committeesigned.EunxA, N". Y.,Although thevreather opened im&vorably thbmorning, tlie day, tor the most part, lias becnonnsoal- ly fine. Over 2S,000 strangers sre in town, and etharn continue to anive. Ths first day of the State Fair may be set down as a complete success.Gov. HoBSAX snd Han. Amoa BuxiaiaAja visltsd the grounds this morning.leftwal to allow the annexation of the Island to PiadaoBt «t the present time. The Dictator de-elaxaa tiiat the tmion of ' allrmflaim'-nlmeai tiiat Venice must lirst be detached from Anibten authority. We shall have to wait a weekjustnothing_The ^tate Fair at Elmlra.to admit that Mr. Docolasfar, if not farther, than he has recently done,went as.will only be in asserting the sovereign right of the people question as it standsof a Territory to legislate for themselves "uponwhicH'leavesto capture by ships-of--war, forms the publicdakingbefore- we can receive full particulars care, in framing that bill, to reserve to a Dem>. law of Europ^.and we, not having been a young, piquantwhatsoever ;" but he tooktk the late Satdhiian -victories in the Soman States. ocratic Pro-Slavery Preslflent the right of ap- party to its adoption, are precluded by itsor tenTha great donaustration of the WIde-Awakes came cff last night, and waa literally one of theTillpointing the Governor, upon whom the vetosubjectsgoodand pretty as a pigeon. Madame FASsai, with lilgfaar musical gifts, combines an inten-condition ofmost brilliant affairs in thie annals of our political who was made vx-officio President of the Coun- assumption that the great maritime Powershistoy. By actual count tliere wets more thannever will assent to the abolition of block-power was conferred, the Secretary of State,upon thetothe loungers of the parquette^ Miss Paiti throws biUon, we understand, will exceed anything which 10 o'clock this morning, to an Immense crowd, sadlaration,private property subjectand in thisnow.to confer the enduring crown df song, but quite capable ofthe fortune of an wtien that is actress, a(;trealWednesday,Oct I.things,plesympathizeGov. SivABE's Arabian hwaes were exhibited, atpropertyto secure " theasufficientnumber. It dodge than as an illustration of the uni-didate for the Vice-Presidency. As it was at greeted bis appearance vith cheers. Immediately on were also given when he arrived.yeatcnby motning. The political news, however, sent expressed through Congress. This con- which his letter was referred, and the propo- Charleston and at Baltimore, and as it is the arrival of the train. General Cass was introduced There was no accident. Everything passed or- ia^rtieinely brief. It is announced that Victor sent may be given in general terms, or with sition of Mr. Makct sustained in a majority threatened to be upon the election of Mr. Lin- to Lord Risrxiw by Lord Lross, when the former derly and circnnipeetly, and the party were shewniwp.' EKaann. had determined to go (o Naples. The specific conditions. Congress may concede report, (five to two,) which was given to the coln, so it is in the remote wilderness of to Washington in the name of the President, and with ulace turned ont to see (be Prince. He oomes tan -Hardinian abips had bemba'rded Ancona for nine an absolute power of self-government, includ- public at the time ; the report of the minority Oregon. It is the disunion sentiment in its his Lordship's permission he would accompany' him again next Monday, tarries one day, and is expectal'The Prince has chosen the opera of " Martha " troopswereconcentrated nearToltera-. TheSar- jecttotheConstitutionoftheUnitedStates; subject,thatonthecominginofthetworeports, largethe sphere ofits exercise, transfer it dent,togetherwiththoseofSecretariesToncir,Cobb, andthefirstactof"Traviata"for theantertalnmeatdiiiiaiB Ambassador h^d quitted Paris, leaving the or it may vest in th^ President the right to and upon the question of the adoption of from the Columbia River to the Potomac, and THoarsoH and Cass, and Lord LroNS, were In waiting at the Academy on -next Tuesday night.hoina; aad the bombardment had been replied to in the ingof the Pres- infancy, just learning to go, still practicing the to the Executive mansion. There wer# with to be present st the opening of the New Park. W. presentto elect a Governor and Council,a spirited, manner. The action, however, had been as well jis the popular branch of the Legisla- ident's letter, and placing it on file. It would initial steps ; and anticipating the early- General Cjtss Messrs. Hixax and Bcobahaic, nep- OFERATICIENTEKTAINMENT IN PHILA-suapended foi a conference, which would doubt-time when its paces shall l>e tested inhews of the President, each forawrly ms PrivateDELPHIA.PHiLABBunA, Wednesday, Oct. S.rightsimply adbowleifgingthereceiptture, Judges, and all other officers, with- a seem from fliia statement of the action of themoaeBMnt bad been made by Gasibaldi, whose complete right and power of legislation, sub- Government and the Chamber on this important a stampede from the Federal incloenre. En- President's family. Several carriages of the Presi-less tesolt In the capitulation of the city. No newcomingSecretary, and on tills occasion representing thewe have all the unspeakable evils of a divided to convey the party to tlie White House. jLord Rim- pasw rode tliither in company with Gen. Cis», l,ord Republicforcedupon us. In the meantime, LtohbandtheDukeofNewcastle.Arrivedattheman- if the conspirators against the Union cannot' Blon,where the President was In waiting toreceive him,But,taqee-Ute steamahins Saxeitia and Arago, the one merely delegated power, which they are per- ing confined to this point, went off on the North-sided Senators.tnuineaaoftheLegationtotheSecretary. Queen appoint,withtheadviceandconsentofthe thatofthemajority,thedistinctpointpre- YlOTOBlAhadembarkedforPrussia,accompanied Senate, the Governor, Council or Senate, sentedtotheChamberwas, whetherthep*o- by Lord Jobs Busskll, who, it is said, wiU have Judges, and all other principal officers, and position of Mr. MIbct should be embarrassed a pt<Wifal oonforence with the Prussian Hiaister concede merely the right to elect the lower and rendered nugatory by the proposition of of Foteign AfUrs. Some additional advices are branch of the with sher- Mr. BncHANAN.it will bePraa WasUactaa. WAsanfOTOH,Wednesday,Octt.alaarteceivedbytheNiagara,whichreachedHall-recollected,iffs and constables. But in either case it is that ttie debate in the Chamber, instead of be- made to tissist in the election of a pair of ings were private, the gates of the President's grounds again be placed on the ronts. Certifieates wen cx-ux Yesterday, though of nothingspecial impor- other from HaVre, and both—mitted to exercise, in which there is not an topic of-privateering a matter totally irrele-were closed against Intrusion, and attended by police Idbited to the Departmeat to show that she bsd thor^Legislature, perhapsThere were several Uds for csnying the ma&r be arrested, it is to be, hoped the Oregon be was presented to him by Gen. Cass, and received from Charleston to Key West aad Havana. The bolters may be and a cordial welcome. Lord Lions then performed the Postmaster^Oeneral to-day awarded the contract ta caught punisliadbybeing ceremonyofintroducingthesuite. Astheseproceed- M.C.MoaDBOAi. Bene*thestesmerha»4lwSI—there iswith It tn jnau mghtue, with no particnlar regard for the music of the role. She >ang.|s her voice and hsr method permitted her to sing, but she acted with a specific reference to the ImpreisionablUty of the Lon- don omnibus-lwx, and of the lounger* of the New-the President's famUy and Royal guests, the memt>ers of the Cabinet and thehr wives. The Marine Band was in full attendance, playing nmnpj^ other airs the National ones of Britain and America.The President will to-moiTow agive reception from12 to I o'clock in honor of Lord Riar^w.THE PREPARATIONS IN WASHINGTON.From Ike States '^ WoMhington of Tuesday.On the evening of Thursday, should the weatheraprovefavorable, granddisplayoffireworkswillbelookThe Paris dec- Yorkat tiie;pitiablygivengroundssouth of thePre^dent's Mansioncil, or Senate, and the Judges, with power tosion, and this without including numerous small annul the legislative acts if deemed inconsist- ades, the report argues that in a war with a her style, and her best letter of operatic credit Her signed by that eflScient and skillful olEcer, M^. Gio. The entries to the exhibitiAn are verylarge, except Clnba detailed to njuse up and awaken the public ent -with the Pro-Slavery theory of the Consti- maritime Power we are worse off in our reckless ecstacy of the first act, and her despair of the D. Saksat, Commandant at the IT. S. Arsenal, and in the Domestic and Discretionary departments, ia in portiona of the City not traversed by the main tution. present position than we would be by the Jinale, savor more of the Inardlng-schooi tlian of life, prepared by Mr. Tbobas B. Baown, chief pyrotechnist, which they are ratlier short A all other respectaeleven thousand five hundred torches inBepubliean army. A very fuU and. detailed report of the whole proceedings will be found on our firstthat facile grace which is the chief characteristic of try. The various pieces have been arranged and de-(BusJiOBD, CAsexB k Co.) met at Albany yester-order in which they are to be presentedTlie party left Harrisburgh for Washingtonday forenoon, after driving through the principalWho We know that the Bell and Ev-a memorial sermon atthe State Band top is a globe surrounded by the American and Eng- Trcmont Temple, sketching the rise ot the Board tocrowdwhocollectedtogreetthePrince. Apro- cession escorted him from one dep6t to the other,after which audience was given to Mr. THOKP8oir,.of Balti- more, who, on behalf of the Mayor, Invltei^the PrincethereadUiQ Was^iOgtoh at i o'clock in the Mtemoon,pas^iw Hilou^principalpartyand the letters of the various In-gress.The Republicansstreets. Theto-dsy Thomas D. Eliot for reelection to Con-proces-brated animals.out of Mr. Mabct's and it would be idle to say that she either compre- who has always met with remarkable success in his the exhibition, so far, will compare with the l>est proposition, hended or pretended to create the role in its dramatic displays of pyroteclmlc works. The Marine Band I^Tbe entries to the Mechanical department are mi-imposed upon day, and hatched out the long-incubating Union private individual, in a matter affecting hisState and Electoral tickets. The result we areenaUed to give from our official report of the pro-ceedings. Hon. Gbeene C. Bbonson is substi--tuted as Elector at Large in place of Hon. BecbxnH. Wal-wobth. John H. Bowkn, Jacob A. leaders of the Northern Democracy havea doubtThe great trot between Flora Temple and George It.over the Eimiraheats, t>est three in five, took place this afternoon.yester-it becomes aninteresting question.After all had retiredlastan*profoundslum-nightinstreets, and visiting Gov. Packeb, at liis private IroomsintheCapitol. TheGovernormadeashortaddress, which was responded to by I,ord Ltoms. popular will in Kansas, through the instru- At Baltimore, on the arrival of t^e Royal party, of and Gover- much enthusiasm was manifested' by an immense mentality corrupt Pro-Slavery?night, ber reigned throughout the house,lish flags wreathed together, and on each end, sepa-rate from the main ;nece, Is a large steamship, withlight-house, &c., representing the commerce betweenand theweleoaed bWl on behalf of the President They that enabled border-ruffianism to ImmMiafety {>rocaa^ to the Piesidentvl man- imposturehave also the pledge of the Breckinridgeanswer him l)y note.The Baltimore British Consul, Mr. OviaDMir,was then shown in. He came on behalf of sun-yiy people to request the Prince to honor an operaUc entertatoment by his presence on Monday.THE TRIP FROM PITTSBTIRGH TO HARRIS- BURGH.HAXunnoB,Wednesday,Oct.3. Baron Binvkxw and suite arrived at Harris-presentatigntookplace. The manufactureitsmajoritiesandconcoctitsLe- party 'amf^nrULsat down to a state dinner, which compton frauds. Had Mr. Douolas' bill forsion,^h^afqo^asfardownastheof latitude, to adhere to the Union.to 10 o'clock—the Marine Band l>e-<?9pgreM.wasprolcmgedIng m attendance) piaying patrioticthe President gives a reception in honor of the guestthe organization of the Territory given to thepeople the right of electing their own officers, andhadtheFederalmilitaryforcebeenmere- ercing_.. ^ TheWai^SafblasaraaeeCanpaay.By the arrival of the CoAatcAa we have re- 'ceived advices from Havana to the 28th ult. Theyare animpottant. The health of the city was good. The^maxseta are without change.Aaanhral froia Kingston, Jamaica, brings us newir-ftem A»-Isfaiadto the 13th ult.—five dayslater than intelligence prsivioasly received. A Coroner's Jury were still inveatigating the causes that led to the mystMons death of Captain Bar- ton, of'the Ainerican bark A/i>ar<ufo. The bodypresentedwitnesses already examined incite very grave sus-very singular position for the Northern Slave-States to assume. For, if the seven mostSouthern States are permitted quietly to se-cede from the Union, it will leave their eight ed In such colors, that the I Prince was gratification of the assembled crowds. Descendingairs.Butwill not listen to the idea cf C-0-To-daytheythe Gulf States.TaoT, N. Y., Wednesday, Oct *. The action of Superintendant B^aMn, in re!a- tlw to the Wilis' Safe Insurance Company, has been the train pass. At places where the train stopped the disapproved of, and the application of the |Altomey- General denied, the Company showing its corporatethe_ Constitution adhered to, would be 'in most cases wiseand Blavw-trsdeisfurnishedinourcouunnstliismorn- FederalGovernmentcanneverabrogateitsas to the manner in which 'death was oc- casioned.Tuesday Instead of Monday. There he will pwceed crowd amid much cheering and the greatest enthusi-The Barepa OntwardpicionsIn civic procession to the Gllmor House, give asm. They passed down the valley of the t>eantlfulAnother proof of the flourishing condition of thejust.The steamship EuropaHere we have another illustration of the carrying-page.The Democtatic State Central Committee by the professions of its public teachers. No propertyadd to the interest of the occasion the rendition of merous,facilitywith a fluency, delicacy and accuracy UtUc less than amazing, and for this deserved the plaudits which she received. Signer Beioholi merits other and higher praise, and the event of last evening was the rich and 4 ample development wtiich this accomplished tenorby many of our most patriotic and stirring airs.The following Is a list of the various pieces in themachinery. Implements, dec, arsfiu' more perfect than have been exhibited at any previousfair in the State.The entire success of this great exhibition is nowfor whereremo- <».^**~ expUcfi^ directions,vociferouscheerathat has evei-for "Pow- The question now is. " What is aimpeachedignorance andincapadty." there was ala- ersasem Interest and pleasure t? his l». asWn, andpopularityglimpse of ti.e Frtneely yoath, and who recognized him at once. The train stopped ; the Prince steppedThe Prince and* mile, witt tha Oovefnar, Ihea-with which the world is and giving perfect immunity to all private aspects. But she sang its partition Incredibly well, will l>e in attendance in the President's grounds, and and thepecuniary interests/would for a moment toler-1.A of roctets. magnificent flightbetween the formal contract and the verbal agreement.'^Theseate such adiscrepancyare substituted for Cbables A. Collins, OswaldOttehdobfeu, F. B. Tilloc, James BoeiNSON, ing the equality of the people of the Ter-John Andeeson, and Edwaiu) Haioht, as Dis- ritories with those of the States, while would furnish a vantage ground from which trict Electors. And Hon. Wm. C. Cbain, of Herki- neither has to concede to them further immunities to commerce, even to thePrinceofWales.THE PRINCE AT WASHINGTON.Reerptlon at the Depot by Secretary Cass— Escort to the Wliitc Honse—IntrodnctlonADispatch to the Wew-Tork Times.gatedcolors.heavy arrangement has been made with the owners of Flora Temple and PaUhen to trot their horses on Friday, at 3 P. M. uponthe same conditions.The AmcrlcBii Board of aUnslaas.mer,is substihited as candidate for Lieutenant- proposed,E 8. Serpent Pot.9. Fifty smaU moriars—variegated shells Iwhlnd theVictoria Arch.10. " Good Night."The symbolistic characters on these works will beGovernor,inplaceofHon.Wm.F.Allen. There the egscntialtofsovereignty. Astheleade'rsis sti^ an element of discord, however. Mr. of the dominant party, they have had it in theirabolition of blockades,mightbe commanded._Boston, Wednesday,three feel incan be seena-balf.t. In addition to these pieces, to l>e exhibited just be- debt, and the means to aroid a similar evil. Many fore the words *' good night," there is in progress aGkxbis, it is stated, expresses his determination to carry on the war to the bitter end, and Mr. Bbadt, it is announced, will stunip tliei State until the election against the ticketpower to make the people of the Territories really free, by conferring upon them the right'of double rows of and lance-work,Oct. 3. has iieenofself-government. Butinsteadoftakingthis course they in every instance retained theexcepting those in the (^If States, will not ad- mit, categorically, that mey are in favor of dis- union, in the event of Mr. Lincoln's election,distinguished clergymen and laymen spoke, sosseThe: Ptince of Wales reached Washington at 11o'clock on Tuesday nightfrom Harrisburgh. Crowdscollected at every station to see him, and the complete con&okttf the powers of legislation, but all their appeals to the people in' behalf of Prince,togratifytheircuriosity,showedhimselfon aswellastheadministrationofthelawsinthe'tear platform of the car. At Altoona, especial-ly, there -was a great crowd and much enthusiasm.Specialvery large piece gotten up by the corps of pyrotechnistsnewdemands forthehandsoftheCentralGovernment. Itwas the sham popular sovereignty of the Nebras- ka.'Kansas bUl which enabled the Administra- tions of PiEBCE and Buchanan to defeat theumph will be the signal for instant secession. such on imputation.the centre of the piece are the figures of Columbiaand Britannia, while adjoining the first Is the Ameri- the probable receipts. The President, Rev. Dr. Hor-nors and Judges, imposed upon the people against their wishes, and who would have been driven from the Territory by a storm ofOct 3.ly neutral, instead of abetting ruffianism, theand an earnest endeavor will be made for afavorablereply. TheclaimsofNorfolk,however,crimesofwhichIhelateandtrations will stand convicted on the pages ofcould never have beenliistory Theassertion.ofperpetrated.slaveholding sisters in a lean minority in Con- gress, and in the electoral college. We hearthe mountain the Prince and his friends rode upon the locomotive, so as to obtain a better view of the mag- nificent scenery of the eastern slope of the Allegha-Territories is a bald who invary:marks of violence and the testimony of But the conception of the right of self-boat to Baltimore, which he will reach ontheir ride./was welcomed by an Immense^ to the'propertybelonging to the mills.government,thirty-three, standing together in firm array; and what must be her condition if seven olthe fifteen desert ? Would it not remainder completely at the mercy of theNorth ?by specialAtAllona thepartyexpedient,as well asBut theJuniata under the of the full and silvery light moon,JobV Theatre,sailed atprovidedisBaaad. Boston, Wednesday, Oct XpresentAdminis-Prince stiowtd himself at the rear car, much to thesovereign authoritythe to-ex-ploded this morning, scaldingof them fataUy. Considerable damage was also doneabsurdity,much of thedeplorableloss of thebalfuiceofseveral one operatives,any course, more damaging to Slavery, than to permit the from thai tj. 8.^l^|amer Mohican, by whom her the exercise of that right may rarely become peaceable secession of the seven refractory«ioo,oooiaThe ship Brie, of this City, arrived yesterday from the coast of Airica, in charge of a prize crewofat the late session offortvy-nine for Liverpool.ing.revising the Territorial laws, although necessary. The abolition of polygamy in Utahcap<jui,«HJWP(*^ ^B ^** overtiauled aboutAnd couldsisters do a moVe foolish thing than to aid andupon abet in the secession ?OUtaary.LocaviLLX, Wednesday, OoL S>of the Congo Biver, with "^ wb"" 860 were delivered to the GovarnMBt tflMit at Mowona^-tbe otherStates ?theirelderslaveholdingDOINGS AT HARRISBURGH. HAsaiSBCxOB, Pa., Wednesday, OctGO mtlNan illustra-qfl£Q^aM>n^ i»gfoefion HrW^tis which reststhem. followed them to the d«p6t, and per-89730 having died on the, (aasage fiam the place of Congress in this particular, and of the unan-producedcapture. < Three men^'snj^oaed to be the captain and two mates, were iHoa^ home hi the Erie,and will this over to morning be turned— tiie exercise of legitimate power, in spite of At a recent meeting of the legislafive -wisdomformed the customary antics before the august Frlncewho seemed faggfed out, and hearUly tired of every-the Capitol Band.Long before the hour when the Prince wss an-nounced to leave the hotel, thousands of people hadFraai BaTaaa. ABBTVAL or TRB CAHAITBA.tbe^tropeT authorities. The vessel was built at Warrfn, B.no incident interest. Crowdsofgaperslinedtheplat-congregated to get a glimpseStates Mall steamship Cahawba, J.1.,for a particular juncture responsibility.pumpinone of thethemselvesform of every d«p«t, but, the occasional presenlaUona highly gratified with their visit to America. Politics morning at fi o'clock, having left New-Orleans on ttiem 1849, and is fitted in a manner. up superiorThe proceedinga hi the matter of the Aitiaans'the erection of a well andIf this doctrine of innate Sov- far up-town streets, which is deprived of theW. Shitb, Commander, arrived at this yesterday portBank wereto the na-2$th ult at 8 A.of the 27th at 8 P. M., from whence she took her de- parture tar New-Tork at noon on the 28th.continued yesterday before Justiceand flowers did not possess even the merit ofwere thrown aside even here to do honor tion's guest.M., reaching Havana on the eveningrighttion of thedied ttds of aftemopn,pneumonia.X^ongress, imperative dutyafavorable Impression uponT. v£ ti>e Lobtok, managerLo^irvilfeimity with which all sections will combine for the vaunted theories of demagogues, inventedTall, Oaks fbom Little Acobns Gbow. of the City, a resolution was passed, directingthing but sleep. TheridetoBaltimorewssmarkedbyof him, a large propor- tionofwhomwereladies. InaconversaUon,theThe UnitedCroton water.^nlt reached. The name of Mr. Binjamih F. is no enormity in the Ehape of governments was very brief and very mandatory— pre-nS^t^ l^}^^ Supreme Court, but no definite ereigntyin Uie Territories be conceded, there blessing of theThe resolution butof fruitBeSdvIr but'???!.^ ^J^'^^ creditors as '"'"'"?or institutions which may not be smuggled into our American system, and defy the moralviousthesurveysproventhat thegrounds inand the thousandsTheperfectThe markets remsin without change. The demandr^tor'ai,^'8^oi",«,i<=tedand ten-the ladles wavedtill tOHiay Hecord'introduced several prominent citizens,health of the was city''»>TMK recovered fiomhisiiidUposition ^t^''^"?''"«BenchoftheCourt of General BeWi^^^P'*,?.resbecUvely Carpenter o»i,iM T? y°"'l«' named a^Bifrrigii, cfiargldwh^''- ^r^^"- CaUahan,Polygamy isimmense Department,hedered the hospltaUUes citydegree, were sent to the Si^.^^i^Ty '« the third 'stitionclaimanil.the ri^t tocrowds to the WashingtonExchange;cent, Mexican premium..tried for GrandLarceny, and acquit^^rt^"""well embraces many difficulties.tion of the Common Councilnevertheless,has never evinced his «eincerity by proposing process,liy Tliey alightedUnited States Gold, 5 f)There was considerablecarriages, containing12 cent,Dollars, V premltun.9X AIM.,both tor cash and on seUer's on°tuVs"o'po'ptionsr'"r^f^f^r-'''-?-"-'depth, beshould ArtesianUstened to with eager interest.Thomas M. Tryniski 309 South 4th Street Fulton New York 13069privatedecUneta prices.their histories werapassedjthehence for Havana and New-Orleans.discounts.-The sales of Flour were'Beyondpotcworthy pccurrenc.that ^r. Camp was ^^ '*** "*" ^"^ °'*'their handkerchiefs, the scene in the extreme.There was nothing new to report at Havana.for has hllenoff. FreightsExchange on London, 00 days, 15 to ISM premiumon New-York, «0 days, 3 to 5 premium Exchange on «ew-Orleans, 60 days, 5 to 6 premium.eicitempnt ;„ .t „220 miles from New- U. S. Mail steamshipmarket and a S'ock come the settled yesterday, heav?^ S^ '^^l^'"'On the 2d hist,Money activlon 'c=i^u"'"to resort and boretothe move-:Exchan'Se°d%.S.''°fair in extent, but indieof untU the Prince reached hisofthtA'"-"^^the to the ^lCapitol, followed Susquelianna,other''i"?-'"^^ the f-torefuge of a demagogfie, who,the excitement naturally attendhigments of ten thousand people, there was nothingBienville,We are, as usual. Indebted lo the Purserhauiba for late Havana papers.sense of a free Christian people.one of these; but their name is legion. What- ever is odious in despotism or in pagaji super-bouldersbeneath,andtheCrotonto whom the mandate is lemma. The erection of aof the to him. They thenisyears. Anna McGee and p;,.."'"°S f"f *ree admission into the Union, if this fallacy of plest thing in the world, but the digging of aDipSt. The streets Uned with lmmen?e masses of people, aU curious,mightTerritorial Sovereignty were allowedtorid themselves ofof unusualPrince and Duke of Newcastle expressedprotection,siastic wereLioHS, drove throughFrontto be- of the country. It is but the conceit of a political charlatan andall respectful, aU orderly.the Committee. and acarryliistheory into practice.feet of rock, who would foot the bill ? Thepolicyand compelledat York, the Caliawbttin f&e wliich thoseobligedtodeclinetheinvitation,andwillundoubtedlyfromaskingbut which he is too apt to keep, Qprhaps for that rea- 3.son.God Save Queen Victoria"—a large arch withNowwill secede erett willcan coat of arms, and the latter the English. On tne xins, preachedthe which hareon theseas.In the conviction that the maritime Powersof Europe would not entertain his proposition if encumbered with the aliolitioa of blockades,we understand Mr. Mabctabstained gave to his voice—a jewel of the first price, certainly, around.ovcr-carefuUy Wkbtebvklt,StephenE.Ecsbill,Wm.B.Dun-eachattemptedinturntorid«intothedefeattheparamountobjectofgettingthatper- Fridaywearetohave"Linda,"andthentheOperacrown". —Florawasthewinner in threehighpurposelyit, because it was calculated toforstraightheats.Time,can, Wh. a. Kobbe, and Abbahah B. Conoeb Executive chair of the nation by proclaim- fect immunity to private property on the high adjourns for a brief season to Philadelphia and ths 5. Roman candles large Buchanan shells of varie- wards of 15,000 people. The track was quiteseas which he and which,once attained, fought,Welcome All>ert Edward"— 7. English and American Flags.owing to the recentrainstorms. AnhavenoUnion, no matter who shall be chosen Presi- bia" to ull the town.becauseother avowed principle than adherence to the uninterruptedly for a long time, givingParty,thirty-fifth parallelPartynot,dentbyaconstitutionalmajorityofthepeople. It is equally certain that the Douglas Party will not secede, for their leader, in his speechand tne^Kince vvas immediately taken charge of public indignation, but for the Federal bayo- at Norfolk, himself to support Mr. to aid in the Inauguration of a new Park on Monday. scriptions but eight Inches In length, It by Secretary Cass, who met him at the d£p6t, and nets which sustained them. It was this vile Lincoln in the execirtion of the laws. We Lord Lto»8 informed Mr. Tbompsok that he would distance of the place of extilbltion.theyshapedIts action.progromme aSjfoUowsproclaim theory deny in practice. power by the South, with fifteen States out of he wiU go to Norfolk, remaining one day, and going nies. They eipressed themselves much gratifiedThe boiler in the PrestonCould Mr. Lincoln takefollowed;Shetakerohthavevicinity named, though treacherously softto outward are infested with tread,verysent shouts of ^)plause, while upbeinganimatingThe Prince was driven In an open carriage, dsawnby four beautiful gfays, the property of an enthusias-tic Irishman. The party, consistiSg of theMayor Kmas, the Duke of Newcastle and Lordif the Crotondirected, pumpPrince, street, on the banks of;placethegranda grand dinner, and go on at once to Philadelphia.Uo'clock this morning, with eighteen pas!.en>raJJM Hall&x, aadis in a di-the sim-The resolu- prescribes noentered private carriages, moderate pace throughBoardthethrough some hundredapartments.Gov. PACXisaddressedthe Prince as follows:Loan Rxsraiw It affords me Infinite pleasure towelcome vonr Lordship to the e:^tal of the Com- monweUth of Psansylvsala, one of the old thirteenUntitled Document;cajiiolthepar^«<lMlel DOtNGS ATBAL'^MOSE.and asceae ftmn ttie the others f<dlowed, Oen. Cass greeted him- for Washlagloa.of theofhas determined to substitute for such worth-;less instruments of secession as the Senator, men of more decided character andgeographical para-SpetUl Ditpatck(• tkeBAHnoBs, Wednead^, Oat X.;WiBanoTOB, Wednesday, Oct. S. Baron Riitraiw arrived at four o'clock, by specialfellow,hadcommenced a serenade to the Prince, and conthiued " Hall Colum-its present position,principlesAn early breakfast was taken bytheparty,The Republicans of the First District ,^eextreme North- of.filetwaa^ada-whotherefore extinguished. Oiegpnis an exclnsiTe one. Withm the portals of the Exeen-thne aHvnvMawvr <K>k*.t«J £_.^ .11.- -^ _ .^ mpntAPV l/tasta Vgrand dinner and of complt-March."older States. To deprive the majority of the^o not vouch.To-morrow Mount Temon win be visited, aPresl-^tinsB, Mayorto the choice of United B^tes Senators, half-a-dozen mem- bers of iKe State Senate, adherenta of Lanb, destroyed the quorum, by taking to the woods, and eluding the pursuit of the Sergeaot-at- Arms. Our latest advices leave this officer infor in this spirit ofbut view of him.greeted the dibut of Miss Asbuha Fatti in the pas-treatydent, and, besides, he was present at the coronation ofenter on hsrThe Resident has CAaOTBXxs,pastorofthe'Assembly'sCfaorch,Walkmaynotappear pledged to such advantage as the others, owing to the greatThis strikes us iw alist of SrsAxoicB's artists Tras banded Mm forAtall theAburgh atlast night.Importantchecking,had been so strongly presented, glowingand Its beautiespaint-regularity and business solvency.Serlsas Steam BoUer Explastea. Philamlpbix,Wednesday,OcfS.After visitingbacco factories and the negro churches of Richmond,Mills at Manayunkhisvery The usual crowd3. The Prince was serenaded, during the night byoriginality.At Baltimore he was met by Mayor Swax,judiciouslyAt 9 o'clock the cortege emergedfrom thehotel,menthe Duke of Newcastle andarriving at Harrisburgh, were received by a large and enthusiastic crowd, who escorted them to their quar-ters at the Jones House. They leave 'Harrisburgh at specie.PresenUUons of big and littlethen the Prinze,Lord I/TOirs drovie to the State House, and caUed 9 A. M. for Washington, vii Balthnore. upon Gov. Paoxxs. whose fi»nk and hearty mannerwho detained the Prince Inside the cars whileand were driven at a very very large but not very enthu-The various monuments onthe route attracted the attenUon of the party, and at the Capitol, paid visit to the Governor in tiiswas rathertlve byupon thority, and he can,._._..fo^the truth of the statemenU weudinner wtll be eaten, and a pyrotechnic exhi-what he consideredthe means of pUcing him in a falsesaidhehadthepleasureof his mariisoftliehighestrespect Nearlythewhole welcoming Lordshipwhich makes the rile ofpeo- with the omnibus-box andaptherself entirely upon the music, and conquers it with has ever been presented before the public In this coun- thousands were -unable to obtain a view of the cele-of dramatic.-2. ^nf^ola Battery—an<Vlighting up the grounds for a considerable distance"locked In his muslsal icrin. On a beautiful rose In the centre, above which will be aPatchen,Course,$2,000, n^e—The Scheme op Recession ^Who 'Wili, Se-—CEEE. The Breckinridge organs and orators,bols, mottoes, &c., all Interwoven with a masterly expenditures of the receipts. The Prudential Ckim- their candidates assume that a Republican tri- record of this day'* work alone would clear him of hand, and forming a work of unsurpassed beauty. In mittee expressed their determination not to exceedDlnnei^- locldenU at the Trip from Barrisbnrgta.length, distinctlyAmerican Boardchiefly engaged in discussing the causes of the latato the PresldeDt—Prolongedat the distance of a ndle andTheof^^Iissions to-daydisplaying the various pieces,beyond4. Welcome Renfrew" large arch. 2;30, 2;31H and 2:30. The trot was witnessed by— op-6. '*largearch.asNo one can accuse the Prince of laziness. The A combination of the American and English sym- labor arise, and others urging a strict limiting of theWasbihotok, Wednesday, Oct. 3.from New-York, which we may descrit)e as follows:favoringprudent goingthe two worlds. This Is said to be theof fireworks ever made, it being one hundred and sixtyfeet in length and fifty feet in height. The piece willbe surrounded with bombs, sending up their shower ofstars, and everything arranged additional that 'willgive more efi'ect to the exhibition. As this Is quite a nominatedcomplicated piece,of the Seventh District have nominated Jahsb BsrmaTOK for reelection to Coa-gress.The Ben and Everett Convention for the FourthDistrict, to-day, nominated Eaaanit B, Bissmt torII o'clockpoints along the road, great crowds collected to seelargest pieceCengressloaal Nsmlnatiaas. Boston, Wednesday,withvttited the tx^MA bnOdfag, aad after fta HewliH"Fhaand Lord Lven rode Is aaaforwardSva>, the DiAe of THrtwhich was guarded by aladles waved their handkerchiefs, and thaagoodstrongPoUeefores. Thenot overly hsadsoms." AU After reaebiagthe WasUngton IMpol, the; Boydsatlsfitft^ examination, aad pos-Consul at Turk'sRisAM ATxnts was not removed, as has been stated,from the Fostmastership at Bellow's' Falls, Vt^ but re- 'Island.God sava MsRoyal cairiaaa^ www.fultonhistory.com .jaaiaHaddiitic^^