 6NEW YORK HERALD, SATURDAY, MARCH 10, 1860.-TRIPLB SHEET.NEW YORKHERALD.postageonAmerican corresponaence transmitted via Bremen.may be a rerolutloa at tbe ballot box, com. meocing la New Hampshire, extending to Con- necticut aad Rhode Islaad,andabore alltoThe Irrepresilhle Conflict la a Mew Phase—Straggle Between Labor aadCapital.Ourb\aokrepublican andaaoiition contem-From the advices received by the Nora€>ce«« Means Na* Igotloa-o,el*l *tan«e.It IsnotlongsincewedrewatteaiMMMWM*M TheQuakerCityarrivedat this port yesterday* A. E l S O I D O I B l I I I T t . from Havana, with dates to the 5th iast. Trade New York, whose vote would be decisiveof the pending questions in regard to Italy injury inflicted on the .hipping enterpr^ poraries generally do not know what view to being decided by a Congress. Whether thisIDITOB AMD PROPBHTOK. was rather heavy, with s very dull sugar market against black republicanism. If tbe wnserva- take of the new phase of the irrepressible con- this country by the unfair way i^M?*trrtcaB.v.COBMBBorNASSAU ANDrcxfowITS.Thehealthofthecitywasgoodandtheweather theelementsonlyunitedupononenuninthevery pleasant There was little of interest trsns- Empire State, or i/ the Union patty should dc capital in the North, and the THbune and ToMt a natural consequence of the discourseTWt DiTtT mntAtTi tmtnmh TMM WMMKLT BKMAID,receive a fair share of tbe reserve, the republi- Post shows its hand in an article which w e re-. Hone* *mtfrymm* wt* U adih* piring on the island. The people were enthusiast! velope a large vote, and tbe democrats should no information. It is not improbable,1ths British companies have succeeded inIng American steamers front almost all (JrtAm'tht tkxmp* m* rtettfti » ia*«ufrh— caRy employed in rejoicing for the Spanish victo-arebothsilentonthe subject; bntthe Evening however, that in consequence ofthe angry caused bythewithdrawal of govertuueatSmith, Macomb and Riley. A bill w a s introduced providing for the enlargement oi the Capitol grounds. It*was stated that the committees of bothhouseshaveagreeduponaplanofenlarg-cans. The bringing out of the reserve rote Stimulated by thegreat demands of the South. moved from their creed the reproach which were a necessary consequence of competition will increase the number of votes necessary to the industry of the North has prospered the political abuses of the Roman government must now give place to an equalized rate, oaa choice, and thepresent members of the re- and waxed rich. The annual returns of have brought upon it,and Protestants would the united line, whisb wil| be most grievous- publicanparty,therefore,willnotsufficeto spring andfall brought hosts of pur- harecaredlittleabouttheformofthearrange- lyfeltbythosepersonswhoseneoessitiesdirectelect their man. chasers from the markets of the South- ment provided it would have insured the re- their aspirations towards the Pacific States.ries over the Moors. Freights had slightly Im- _ XdtHun e—rp WmUatd '¥, proved. Exchange on New York rated at 2J s 34spirit in which the French project of settle-Sntwr&ap.at afaemU per to amp parte/ &r0Mt Britn*,cans would b e overthrown by Now Y >rk aloiw. The popular rote exhibited in our table, aspublish elsewhere to-day, and believes that thelaborers andcapitalists of NewEngland, "like advisable to exclude altogether tbe Italianmentwasmet bythe Pope, itwillbedeemed OfarmtmAMAM4«MaMrfittV«•«**••«*«*•*»«a* CrusaderandMohawkwerecruisingaroundthe calculatedfromtbeStateelections,willnotbe manandwife,mayharetheirlittletiffs,bnt, sovereignties. UnlessthePontiffispntoutof lessthantenofthese,allforeign,fornnas"_M<m*tp*r eopy.ttptratnump « l » M > f X 1 «*• flo*t»lii<tat> IDfadMdi/**•»»; <M per cent premium. The United States steamerstransatlanticlines. A tpresent thanthere are Jll&Pi'AMUrCduxS i r«asMsa*r, stf/W a m76Tr!rfARTcokMBir-0!rDKSCM, ssiSsfalaytnisland; a'l well on board both vessels.Informatkn has been received at the State De-like man and wife, they will come together again."lar channels of communication w i f t J ^ Tmmm,-H<i*4 from myjmrtmr o/At worM, (f awai,AJ»rMB- Havana, of the publication of a royal decree grant- good reason to believe that the electoral roteline, consisting of the Fulton and Ansa. tH ! We doubt not that the laborers and capital- that is now possible. W e are, therefore, in- the ahortaightedneasand flliberality ofOt^ZMMM«t0*.jr* jronew *•£*»< /OS t*l»TUIwingexemptionfromimportdutiesonsteamengines willbesoinfluencedbyitastodefeatMr. and other manufactures intended to be used in the Seward's party, aad, if not to giro the election cultivationandpreparationofcoffee,whichprivi- tothedemocrats,tothrowitintotbeHouseof lege has been hitherto enjoyed only in relation toistsofNewEnglandwillcometogetheragain clinedtoregardthestatement received,that hareshutusoutfromafieldofcompetoaon the common ground of mutual interest, bnt Russia and Prussia had joined in a proposal for which there Is no doubt we should toTl*itwillonlybebytheestablishmentofamu- aconferenceofthefiregreatPowers,ascon- yearshavemanifestedsuperioractivitr Z.»o. 69such articles as were imported for sugar planta- tions.Representatives, where a republican cannot b e elected, seeing that the rote there Is b y States, and eren now there is a majority of three States against black republicanism. By com- paringthefiguresoftherotescastattbeState electionsforthelasttwo yearswiththe rotes cast at the Presidential election in 16 »6, and making allowance for the increase in (bar years, It will be sees that there are over a mil- lionandaquarterofrotesiareservewhich will be brought oat next fall. In 1852not be entirely attained b y the present agita. tlon among the laborers, for hunger brings its unequal pressure to bear with greater force uponmenergy. 'As a set-off, however, against this cheek, « ,Unless this plan be adopted, we really donot see how a peaceable settlement of Italy Is parts of our own continent are exhibit*TUB BVEB1BO.aosMirrorMOTIO.rowrwMA*^£7L*£5?*!J says:—"Flourisnot<nlargesupply,andialikelysteamship trade and passenger traffic to **»»Oworr^ra-JuirTLi». IjtlyliAUAirW««f li^StaarixiiisoOT^icmT-Oao. CIMIT'I Mi«en*.• 04JI9BW. »iri»hrmr.^IMT Ciwua-lJi AID On o# ruas-lansi Twsoa.toadvance;lastprices4.45to6.56.Codfishinsup- ply, andBots 4 a 4^ ; large mackerel wanted, Not- withstanding the large quantity of lumber destroy' ed by theybe, still a fair supply is left, sad three cargoes arc afloat, all of which will be wanted im-theRomanCourtin Us assertionsofa divineBOWBBVrHUATBa,Bes^.-le^'sSaaeanca-KiTCS mediately. Theweatheriafavorableandsugarg u m i i r»> HAKtAimm Hie* or tmi WOODS. Wilms OlBDBN. Broadway, opposBsOOTStaoa• Wira-tvum*.making has commenced; one cargo has alreadybeen'shipped for London. Exchange on London - the whole Presidential rote cast was 3,187,TJ07;tendingtbe shoemakers' strike.This strike it-WAU.AOl'S THBATBB, BroMwv-Eoauia OF A Poo« vate bills at 90 days $480. Toima MAS.Toecottonmarketyesterdaywassteady,andthede- LAUSAZMKKVBTHBATBB,CMBro»iw»y.-/iAJn»mudgood,e«ieciallytorlotsintransit Thesalesem-Olais. ___—tual righto, ramifying throughout the country. Undertbeprotectionoftbeconstitutiontwo vast systems of labor and production hareofthemostsanguinarycharacter. Theprinci- 94,111isownedinNewYork. Thetotaleon pleofnon-interventionbytheotherEuropean ofthslatteris$16,231,08813,aadoftheentire Powers carried oat, there remain elements as nearly as can be calculated, $25,ooa,gn)'SATTOBAL OOBOUBf 8ALOOB, DAIOB*. BPII m m , Ac.nationalTaeatre.-tions of this kind—involving considera- tions of the highest importance to the pub- lic—our first duty is to look to the ultimate re- sult of these coalitions to the general interests. Viewed in this light, this new combination riljTRIPLE SHEET.new York, Saturday, March 10, I860.The News*The ship De Witt Clinton, Captain Funk, whichleft Liverpool on the 26th cf January, with merchan-btgi. The sales comprised 100 bags Rio at 12*,c , aad 1 660 de. at 13c. a 1P.(4C. Freights were firm, whilo engagement* were moderate. Among tie shipments were about1000balesofcottontoLiverpoolat932d.a6-10d, 8,100galloos of ol!at 26s per ton.The Union Opposition for tbe Presi- dency—The Candidates in the Field. We have already published a list ofthedemocratic and republican candidates for thelican: for they are polling their fall strengthin every St ite election. Their vote In the Pre-sidential election of 1856 was 1,341,514. Theirvjte^tr thelast two vears in the States was1,347 r«04. The reserve vote is, therefore, avote wbich the republicans cannot get. It is England, it employs thehardymariners ofMas- man question is to be decided by the Italians cerned. A proof of this assertion is t»dise and passengers for New York, was discovered Presidency, with biographical sketches of each,aahore eight miles south of Sqnan Inlet, New Jer- and we now publish a similar list and sketchessey, jesterday. She lay broadside on the bar. The of the candidates of the Union oppositionQuaker City, from Havana, while on her way to party, which will hold its Convention at Balti-New York, saw a number of persons on deck. more after theCharleston Convention, but be-Pope all the consideration and state which comport with his spiritual dignity as head of the church, whilst he would takeBoats were being manned from shore to take themoff, which it was thought could be easily effected.Captain Shufeldt, of the Quaker City, sent thefore the Republican Convention at Chicago. The names of thecandidates are Sam Hous-forma assumed enormous proportions. It was no very unusual circumstance to see steamers leaving this city with from eight hundred to eleven hundred passengers. A s long as nut competition continued, the rush of emigrant*steam-tog Jacob Bell to the aid of the ship, when ton, Texas; John Minor Botts. Virginia; Johnoff the Highlands. A very heavy snow-storm sud- Bell, Tennessee; Crittenden, Kentucky; Eve-The growth of this great hire of industry in the South h a s been accompanied with a n equaldenly net in abont the time of the occurrence of the disaster. The passengers of the De Witt Clinton were ail taken on board the pilot boat Christian Bergh,and were probably landed at Quarantine last night. •In Congreis yesterday the Senate passed a billgranting pensions to the widows of Generals P. F. most winning man of the whole. Thoughto the auriferous soil of California and our Pact fie Territories was naturally very great Batdenying the authority of the committeeand its jurisdiction. Considerable discussion ensuedas t» whether Hyatt's voluminous reply should beread, but the reading of it was ordered by a voteof forty to twelve, and the Secretary completed histask to empty benches. We give the substance of ties, but for the influence it may have in turning Mr. Hyatt's paper, together with the remarks oftion during the next Presidency. Thus, if the cal views, they all felt that under the constitu been rendered impracticable b y the obstinacy democrats should be beaten, they will be ex- tion they enjoyed a mutual respect and guaran of the Pope, although it was the only projectreconcilable with his interests.inguished as a party, and will have to foil intothe ranks of tbe Uaion opposition; or shouldthe republican party be overthrown, that will to sap the constitution and to violate the rights ing that the French Emperor should fall backbethelastofthem,andthescatteredfrag- oftheSouth. Twenty-liveyearsagoitcom- uponthealternativeofaCongress.Hewould,ments will be absorbed by the Union party, menced with a few abolitionists in New England, no doubt, have preferred, for the sake of Italy,wbich would thus, in due time, present a for- and, advancing with successive steps, it has not being compelled to have recourse to it; but and convenience. The effect of this, however,his counsel, in our report of the proceedings. Finally Mr. Hyatt was remanded to the custody of the Sergeact-at-Arms to await the further order of the Senate. In the House the special committees on the Pacific Railroad and on the charges against the administration were announced. With o n e e x -the scale to either side.In connection with the memoirs of the UnionIn such a position of affairs, it is not surpris-midable opposition to the triumphant demo- sundered the Methodist, the Baptist and the where is the option left him ? Averse to see cracy. Presbyterian churches; it has attacked tract the Pontiff driven out of Rome and stripped of THE CITT RAILWAY COIT D'ETAT DC TWE societies and domestic and foreign missions; it everything, he prefers throwing upon a Con-of capital, and that is to lay it on to the passengers, by charging them high prices, aad spending as little as possible for their comfortdealers completely at the tender mercy of the P o Ike Board.stone of this government, as laid down in the constitution, b that the majority of the people should rule— a principle only modified by al-robbed of a cool million or more. The lobby is in its glory, all the members are on hand, and Al- bany presents a scene of bribery. cWcaneryand corruption which could scarcely b e matched inthethis city may resist thepassage of the railwayin any former Congress, have marked the con- test for the printing spoils.condition, of the ferry boats and accommoda- tions. Those gentlemen are proceeding dili- gently with their examination, and undoubt- edly,atanearlyday.suchsmallaidasitmar be in their power to extend »fll ns cheerfully afforded by the commhwioaers.2. T h e Staten Islanders have memorialized Congresstosubjecttheseboate,liabletobo lost at three miles distance ftcm land, to the provisions of the act for the pieservatioa of humanlife,tosecurethatthsboat*shouUbe constructed with that solidity and those precau- tions for assuring safety which experteace his dictatedasnecessarymthecaseofshorterfer- ries ; and lastly, to provide for the section e* lights and fog-bells oa Bedloe s and Governor * blands, to faclllfcte safe navigation by night and day. Thi**ill is In the bands of ths l\«m- mittee of Cqanmerce of the H«-u*e. a d Iwp-1*- ssge.throughtheexeitio:.*otourab-'erepr- eentative, the Hon. John Ccibrass, any be re-J.Abinisref«ie«uet.^..i.huH- v<C;it-i1A*»^n*°fG*ner,a 8«**>Myesterday,Judge Rua*n sentenced Alexander » ElHottaconvictedofarmp.•.KafDadeuhoffer,.chfldo majority of States to operate as acivilizedworld.T h eCommonCouncilo fTHE ArfBOACHrxG CONFLICT IN COXNECTI- CTT—The approaching election in Connecticut' Themenof NewEngland arebeginning to accordingtothesigns in the heavens,isdes-North, as published to another column, cannot fail toprovetotoiesBtagtothemassofoarreaders.Some valuable hints abont hotels and railroads, »aJthecondition ofthe stoves,arealsogiven,»,also a description of BOBM «f the priaeipal South- *aI*VJbeen reduced from twenty savea to nineteen cants, lloas. * • ' • n ^ a mil pre pajment being optional, as heretofore. Th's Judging from the t a J * . a * ^ uAnd tb« worst of it all is,»hat the abuses uader which we labor have become chronic, acd the;with this greet fight in behalf o f New England's can politicians, and It is by no. means unlikelybest Interests. Hundreds and thousands will <hatSejmour will be elected, b i n l i r g e m t carrVu' a.* crtatnpartment from the United States Consul General atWe have news from rtorbadoes, dated at Bridge- town on tie 18th ult Our commercial reportthem than itdoesupontheir employers,and tobeeffected. Theobstinate perseveranceof results In the highest degree oath*?tbey may be forced to cede now some portionBank bills at 30 days, $490; 60 days, $4*7.}; pri-in 1856 tbenumber was4,094,453. There was, therefore, an increase of nearly a million in four years. TbeIncrease, according to the basisofpopulation,oughttobemorethana million in November, 1860, over November,self hasIn no small degree resulted from causes of Pontifical institutions. All this must lead appears that the aggregate tonnage of ear whichharegrownnpfromtheviolationofmu- to violence, perhaps to an Internecine war commercialsteam marine is153,366,ofwhiekbraced about 3,600 bales, including2,500 in transit, closingBXW BOWXBT THEATM. Bowery-BEIW ormOi* with steadiness en the basis of 11'.c. a 11't'c. for mid- 18.>G. The numbers will compare thus:—grown ap In the country, which are reciprocal enough for a fierce and bloody straggle. The With the exception of one transatlantic lh*raaamu-afoTasa Goats A » TH« OOLOU BBC—DASOHO dling uplands. Theflourmarket was firmer, and closed r u i i i i ^ _ _ _BBOAOWAT BODTXHB, *M Broadway.-Afternoos; end at an advai.ee, for many descriptions, of 6c. a 10c. perITni&c - t s i U BOM aure. bairel. Soitberaflourwas also better and more active,THBATBBPBAWCAH.MBroadway.-DIASTIDeLrs. includingtonepurchasesTorexport.Wheatwasactiveandfirm,andc'.oiedwithacooddemandfromthetradeBAJUS-aiFI ABBBICAB MUSEPM, Broadway.-After andformilKng:thesalesduringtheweekhavefootedupNumber of votes cast in last Presidential elec-in their influences, a n d complementary a n dPope's army is being actively recruited with tbe whole of this immense tonnage fa pa.MMiKtliwhi Oriwooa.BBT A NTS' MTUSTBBLS, Meobanip*' Hall, ITS Broadway - Bu«x*s«*-'M, Sonar, DAICM, AC-WB cons raoa nta lOixs.KTBUVB BALOOB, Broadway-Geo. C n a r r ' s S w •rasas» Boies,DAIXW,AC-MM Dir i NiwTuaCALLS.Reserve voteHere, then, is a reserve vote of more than aand tbe majority of them can be easily broughtto fight on the side of the church. Then the Pacific Mail Steamship Company. Ia qaert a Increasein1860,sayEstimated Piesideatial vote in 1863 VjteicastintbeStateelectionsabout 43000 bushels. Corn was quiet at ratesgiven in another column. Pork iras lower,with sa'ea of ntw mess at $18 12>; a $18 26; old, $17 10a$17 25;old prime at $12 60 and new at $1462'*a$14 76. Sugars were arm, with sales at abxit 1,000hhds., at rates given in another column Coffeewas which party will get this vote? Not the repub- lirmer. aid tbe stock Sf Rio was only about 5,000 a 5,50Cnecessary to each other. In tbe South the fitably employed in the carrying trade of av German mercenaries, and tbe priests will noinstitutionofdomesticslavery,aidedbythe doubtstraineveryefforttoenlistthecondottieri owncontinentrett, Massachusetts; Graham, North Carolina; Hunt, New York; McLean, Ohio; Rives, Vir- ginia, aad General Scott, New York. Thesetbe rote of the election in November. The popular vote in the North will b e largely in- creased against republicanism, a n d there latat* a%kafta»aa.*fc,1* *# — «^_*•million and a quarter, which is to b * brought out in November next Now, the question is,King of Naples has the strongest interest inresisting the successful assertion of the princi-ple which frees the Romagna from the Pontifical rule. What is applicable there will beequally applicable to his own dominions,should the revolutionary element, at any time scarcely bear scrutiny. There can belittle succeed inmaking head against* him. There doubt that the coalition has been brought is, therefore, a moral certainty that if the Ro- about by the desires of the parties con-4,0«4,4»S 1,000,0005,094,4>3 .3,816,616natural elements of soil and climate, and theskillandcapitalof thewhiterace,hascreated donareirresistibleinfluences with suchmen,a social activity in production and exchange1,278,837tual respect for each others rights. This may veying the suggestion of a limitation of theofmutual rights, upon which the reward of in- dustry and tbe return of capital in New Eng-aad depend, has a far wider range and a much greater influence than those merely at-anothercolumn willb efound 1theirfirstdemand.B a t thisrespect forwhich has made its influenceceptible. Beginning with less than three hun- dred thousand slaves, in about three-quarters of a century these have multiplied from natu- ral causes to four or four and a half millions of laborers, and the staple of their production, cotton, has become a great fact, pervading the whole civilized w^rld. It supplies tbe looms of both New and Oldsachusetts and Maine, it quickens the trade of merchants in a thousand different forms, and itthemselves, he will furnish, if not open, at leastare all prominent aad popular men. Bell, per- feat would await the republicans. The new looms, the shoemakers and the sailors, the manu- this question that would have been satisfac- have tbe effect of checking the stream of emi-haps, would make the best race next to Sam party cannot possibly win the election, bat Its facturers and merchants, the miners and iron- tory to the world generally. Enlightened gration, and of diminishing the supplyHouston, who would undoubtedly be thetendency undoubtedly is to defeat tbe republi- Catholics would have been pleased to bare re workers of tbe Northern and Central States.we have mentioned him among the demo- cratic candidates, he may be taken ap bytheopposition. Thatthreepartieswill go into the field there cannot be a doubt. IfThe result of this election wiM be to break to the workshops of the North, and what,Mr. Hyatt appeared before the Senate, and publican party, who are confident and insolent, up either the republican party or the demo- erer difference there might hare existed tions. This the Imperial plan developed in the replied in writing to the questions propounded, and determined to run a distinct sectional cratic, and to make the new party tbe opposi- between them on social, or religious, or politi- Laguerroniere pamphlet effected; but it hasing and ornamenting the public grounds. Thecase of Hyatt, the contumacious witness in the Union opposition party should nominateduction of the Papal power to harmless condi-the Harper's Ferry affair, was taken np Batee, he would not be nominated by the re-It ia said that there are heavy losses incurred by these companies while in their condition of eparate existence that will have to be made good. These loeses, within little more than sticket o f their own. V h e entrance, therefore, of a third party into the field becomes a mat- ter of great interest, not for its chance of suc- cess against either of the two other great par-tee for each other's rights.But a new and an insidious foe has come upyear, have amounted, it is alleged, from a mil- ion to a million and a half of dollars. There s but one way to make up for this wasteopposition candidates, we publish a tabular view of the votes cast at the State elections of the last two years, from which may be seen the aggregate relative strength of republicanism, and of the combined opposition to it of demo-LEOISLATTBE.—The sudden wayin which therent in twain and destroyed the whig gress the responsibility of dealing with this and American parties; it has partially sepa- troublesome question, at the risk of having hisrated and threatens to break up the demo- other plans deranged. He will, however, enter cratic party, the only political organiza- this body stronger than he would have donetion left with a national membership; and had it met when it was first convened. Thenow, within a year, it has begun to work for success of his commercial treaty with England the severance of the commercial and industrial will insure him the general support of thatrelations between the North and South. Backed Power in his views, and there is reason to be- by such nun as Seward, Garrison, Phillips and lieve that with Russia he has all along had anTheodore Parker, a fanatical crusade has been understanding which guarantees him beforehandbegun which has alarmed the entire South, her concurrence. A s regards the general inte- which must look first to eelf-preservation. rests of Italy, there is no reason to supposewill be to reduce the extent of emigration, and, instead of the people of California being made to benefit b y the change, they will soon find that their interests have n o t been con- sidered at all in the alterations which have taken place.The new coalition might, if its arrangements were directed by prudence and wisdom,be made a profitable speculation for all concerned- The California route is now one of the mot>t important in the passenger traffic in the United States, and fair prices and respectable ac- commodation would d o much to insure popularity and support. It i$ for theception tbey are the same as given in our specialdespatch yesterday. Mr. Carter endeavored to crats aqd others, whether as-regards the popu- Gridiron Railway bill was sprung upon themake some explanation respecting the reception lar vote, the electoral vote, or the vote by Legislature, and rushed through the Senate,of the Seventh regiment on the occasion of the late States, and what is the amount of the reserve inauguration of the Washington statue, but he was rote which lies dormant and did not come out decuied out of order. The Committee on Printing in these elections. W e cannot of course pub • reported a joint resolution, dividing the printing ofthe Executive Department between the Senate and House printers; but after a long wrangle the sub- ject wa> laid on the tabic by a vote of 0* to 6.». Both houses adjourned till Monday.But little of importance transpired in the State Senate yesterday. A great portion of the session was taken up in explanations of Senators relative t J the caucus upon the Seventh Avenue Railroad bill. Senators Bellsnd P. P.Murphy presented a protest against what they regarded as an undignified coarseon the part of the Jiajority with reference to the bill. Little notice, however , w a s taken of the protest, the Senate refusing either to place it upon record or have it read. The bill for assessing the damages at the Quarantine fire was paced to a third reading. In the Assembly the New York tax levy was presented. The whole amount is M.375,119. This, however, is but one of the tax bills. The bill tolling railroads was passed, and several other bills were acted on.We have some additional news from Europe, re- ceived by the Nova Scotian, which arrived at St. Johns on Thursday. A convention at the Vatican had decided that the King of Sardinia should notbe excommunicated from the church, whatever political events might transpire. It was rumored that the King of Sardinia was fomenting Insurrec- tion ia Naples and Sicily. Severe gales had pre- vailed along the English coast, but we do notlearn of any disasters to American shipping.The Excise Commissioners have commenced theissuing of forms for licenses to be taken out duringthe present year. They intend to prosecute thebusiness of (heir commission vigorously, and antici-pate a large amount of work. Tney feel positivethat the late investigation dodge at Albany was ties in Northern States the other way. The neither more nor leas than a move on the part of grand principle, the foundation and corner the black republicans to place the New York liquorhas created no small amount of indignation among the taxpayers of this city. The fran- chise which the Senate has voted to give tollsh the result of the State elections of this George L aw and suite is worth millions ofjear: but in giving the returns of 1858 and dollars, and this circumstance makes the 1859, we present the reader with the nearest impudence of the job perfectly magnificent.approximation to the present state of parties, There is, however, an exceedingly large Afri-the best data which can be had. and quite suf- can in Mr. Law's wood-pile. The clique which ficient for all practical purposes. he leads is greatly interested in city railwaysunited companies to consider whether, Thefiguresshowaverycuriousstatealreadyrunning,andthebillisposhedthroughSewardisnowtheleaderandtheexpounderof thattheywillbeendangeredbybeingsub-bypayingreasonableattentiontotheinterestsof facts; indeed, an anomaly never con-templated by the fathers of the federal re-not so much with the view of its ultimately be- coming a law as to stare off the old Jacob Sharp project of a railroad through Unirersitythis crusade. H e is neither a statesman nor a mitted to a Congress. England and Francesound philosopher, but only a demagogue have pledged themselves that tbe exiled dukesand an agitator. Beginning public life on shall not be restpred by foreign .intervention,an anti Masonic crusade, he has clung to and the people of the Central States have onlypower bystimulating every fanaticism, and toremaintruetctheirdeclarationstoprevent now he leads in the promulgation of his brutal any fresh violation of the rights which theyoi the public, they will give a new impetus to the operations of their line, or whether they will arouse again the spirit of competition, which requires but little effort to fan it into a formidable opposition. Coalitions like the present one are of ordinary occurrence, but the experience of their results is not each as to lead us to hope for much from the new com- bination.THE STATBN ISLAND FERRIES.—For maev years this journal has protested against the Staten Island ferry as unsafe, insufficient and incommodious. Three years ago an effort waspublic. They show that, supposing therelative strength of republicanism to be the place, Greene street, Broadway, and so on downsameinthePresidentialelectionnextfallthat it has been in the State elections for the last two vears, the republican candidate would be elected b y a majority o f twenty-three electoral votes, though having neither a majority of the popular vote nor a majority of States, but, on the contrary, having against him a majority of three States and a popular majority of 1,119,- 808 votes. And yet such a result would be de- clared to be "an election by the majority of the people,'' though only about one-third of the people voted for him. and two thirds against him. Thus :—Popular vote infavor of black republicanism... 1,347.904totheBrooklynferries,aswellastokillseveralother bills of the same kind. There is a wargoiDg on between the George L aw clique andthe old Broadway Railroad party, and they aretryipg to eat each other up. Tbe Gridiron bill1is George Law's cowp d fa/—it is the big fishwhich is to devour all the little ones, and pave the way for a general onslaught upon the ralua- ble city placers.We aie inclined to think that the railroadmen have had possession of the Legislaturequite long enough. The early part of the ses-sion wasgivenupentirelytothediscussionofthe Pro Rata bill, wbich the railroad men op-posed. During the debate on this measure itwas apparent that there was a conspiracy to New England employer to pay for labor, and we will ask if the same objection is not appli- of the SinkiDg Fund to have enforced thosePopular vote against black republicanismWholo vcteElectoral vote in favor of black republicanism Electoral vote against black republicanism States le favor of black republicanism2,467,7123,816,616163 140 15 igindustry. This decreases the ability of the becomepan asylum for broken down politicians,1. They have applied to the CommissionersStatta against black republicabfcmThis never could have occurredduce the wages of the journeymen in the Mas-economies, which we conscientiously believe it morial has been met by those officers in a will, it will at least spare us the humiliating prompt and manly spirit, and Messrs. Jacob spectacle of tbe corrupt intrigues, the squab- A. Westervelt and Thomas B. Stiilmao, have bling, the violence, and the delay of the public beeuappointed a commission to investigate the business, which in the present, even more thanb u t sectional issue, in which the Southern States all vote one way, and the majorities or plurali-rest, which is the interest of private parties,acd therefore taken care of. Now come up sachusetts shoe trade, which gave rise to thelowing,undercertaincircumstances,at l ! 8 J T * ? ***' *° ,-*ri»*»»«it m the State check upon it in tbe Senate, and to Eventually the reads will be built, and the citytined to be a prodigious conflict Caleb Cusbing, oneoftheablestoratorsinNewEngland,is addressing the people there on behalf of theprisonforfifteenyearsandsave*month,,ThB impreasiona and experience of • * todenend eat traveler to the principal Soathem States daelectaPresident intheHouse ofRepre-cmsadeagainsttheconstitutionandtherightsof tbeir best customers in the South, and someof their true statesmen are beginning to move democratic party; Fernando Wood is soon againsttbeevilandtberuinwhichitthreatens abouttofollowhim;whileCassiusM.Clayandupon aswindled and sold out, either at Albany or the sentatives when there ia no majority for any City Hall, or both. The spoilsmen of all par-neiiherthemajority oftbewholepeoplenor Ve*Yorksreboundhandandfoot,andbled • aajotity of the Suites. Y et if Wiiilim tt first by tbe Albany lobby, and then by oarday,isaboldandforcibleexpositionofgreatwill, undoubtedly, be a terrific one, and it looksruin the canal interest, which is the interest ofthe people, and to back up the railroad inte-forces him to put down prices. It is from this cable to erery other department of the govern-caQpe alone that the bosses were forced to re- ment? If the new system does not effect large covenanted for in the present lease. Tbeirme-present strike. This rupture o f the commercial which the taxpayers of the metropolis will be relations between the North and the South can-these city railway bills, under the operation ofnot but extend to every other branch of manu- facture, and diminish the demand for its products. Then will come in the true operation of those laws which the Post cites, and diminished demand will still further reduce the wages of labor.bills, but that will not help the taxpayers. feel and to appreciate the true effect of thisguerreotjping,asitwere,thestateof^^^ '0J esxdidatebytbeelectoralvote. Batiathe tiesandfactionshungerandthirstfortheme-•too to reference to the aati slavery agitation at the present sectional state of party* lines, a repub tropolitan spoils, and cannot keep their hands to produce. The speech of Mr. Cusbing at New Abraham Lincoln! are to stump the State forUcan Pretideat may be etoetea, sad jet have off from them. Therefore, the taxpayers of Haven, which will be found in our columns to- the republicans and abolitionists. The battleand bloody doctrines against the rights of the South and the guarantees of the constitution. It is this abandonment of a mutual respecthave so gallantly asserted.everywhere per-a conservative vote, not given on ordinary oc-casions, but only when the republic is in dan-ger. It will be given either wholly to the enters into the clothing ofthe sage andthe strugglemustterminate,as we have said, in isexpressed,norindeed should there-besay, democrats, who are conservative, or wholly to savage alike. In no other part of the world can the defeat of the e#lesiastical party, and in the at this unexpected advance in the fares. While the Union opposition, who are conservative, or, a community of equal numbers be found whose complete annihilation of its influence in Italy. the lines which have now coalesced, throughia- more likely, it will be distributed between the industry is so widely felt and so universally This is not the result that Louis Napoleon terested motives, were running independent!/ democrats and Union opposition—in what beneficial as is that of the four and a half mil- has had in view. H e desires to preserve to the of each other, tbe tide of immigration to Caliproportions remains to be seen. The demo- lions of slaves in our Southern States.crats may get enough of it to elect theircandidate, or the Union opposition may takeaway so much of it as to prevent the democrats derelopement in tbe North Under the irre- from him all those opportunities of damaginghaving a majority of electoral votes, and thus pressible harmony existing between the two his position which are afforded by the politicaleither give the election to the republicans, or regions, bound together by the common guaran- power that he wields. If he could have gotwhat is far more probable, throw it into the tees of the constitution, the labor of the South the Pontiff to concur in his well consideredHouse of Representatives, where certain de- has eailed into existence the spindles and plans, he would have effected a settlement of the coalition of these two Rues will at onceTHE CONGRESSIONAL PRINTING.—We see that a report has been made by the Committee on causes of the shoemakers' strike in New Eng- Printing in the House of Representatives,for each other's rights that has led to theland, and which,*If persevered in, must lead to a similar conflict between labor and capital in every other industry there. T b e Southern planters and traders, alarmed at these indica- tions of a broken brotherhood, have diminish- ed, and will continue to diminish still further, their demands for the products of New Englandunanimously recommending the establishment of a government printing office. W e long ago suggested this plan as the only one calculatedtruths. It meets the error face to face, shows* ** TM* November by that own Common Council and tbe strikers who fol tbe injury It has done to religious and to molished in the contest The irrepressibleas If the republicans were about to be de- cm cities* of1^*2?!*?****«*•**»**» low in their train. Our legislative bodies. worldly interests, combats the fallacies or conflict between capital andlabor, which Sew-re,e leel 1The Post Office Department gives notice thatthe ou State and city, seem to bare lost all sense ofsingle rate of totter postage between the United ceed to coeree th. South ^ * J " T , d p r ? shame, and we hear of votes being bought and bility of achieving the dreams which attend the geance In Connecticut The minufacinrer* StatesandPBHaastoad,bytheBreammail,has likeHickman,callglCL?^,!1^ «* soldHkesomuchbeefIntbemarketplace. fanatics. WehopetoseeMr.Cashinggoon andlaborershaverevoltedagainsttherepubli-redaction goes lata effect immediately, sad ia the seem a* if the chances were $tror>ffiv i» # resultofarecentreducedratecfGermanandSwissOftbeblackrepublicanqaodidMe!VjJhere•growworseandworseeveryday.H>wlong soonjrlnhim,auderrorcannotprevailiftruthjority,andmavturnupaaarmuiei.ualcm dldatc at ('bar'.ettcn.la thiswill only buckle on herarmor aga'us- it.wncr--o in Vr l\t1%»3!« " V,3flV I - . . 'state of thing?going to last!Untitled DocumentSeward with facts, and exhibits tbe impossi- ard talks about, has broken out with a ven-Scotian, there appearst ob e b u tlittledoubtbody will include Sardinia, Naples and Collinslinewasdealtwithby(^agraa? flict which is springing np between labor and Borne, as at first proposed, we harecourt, it Is plain that an understanding cannot be arrived at on the only basis of arrangementwhilst o f American steamers there fa h a uconstituent members of the new Congress.tory. Inright to the possession of its revolted pro- detailed statement of the tonnage and cost •/vinces renders a political arrangement with Itsconcurrence impossible. T o leave the Italiansto settle the Papal question themselves thecapitaldivertedfromthetraasatiaaticUan would be to insure the expulsion of the finds abundance of employment la other Pope from Rome and the utter extinction quarters. From the figures therein gives, |in his service. Promises of plunder snd par-Whilst on this subject, we have a word ti say in reference to the fusion lately enVotej between Commodore Vanderbilt sad tatbe found in the sudden increase of the rata secret, assistance to the Pope. Of course, the of fare on the California steamers. No surpriseto meet the evils of the present extravagant made to effect a reform, which failed, chiefly and profligate mode of doing the public print- through the want of spirit evinced by the peo-ing. Objections hare been made to it, on the ple of the Island. New efforts are now being ground that the proposed Printing Bureau will made. They are threefold.our commercial steamers, with ths routes « which they ply, from which it will be sees tanof gold. The low prices of passage, whichmeagre provisions for their safety and comfort Thomas M. Tryniski 309 South 4th Street Fulton New York 13069www.fultonhistory.com 