 ''A Falsi Alarx."BaU up," is a mystic cypherlaqaeata,lowlyof Nazareth," can for an instant reconcile with ideastoWOOD, BDBT A CO.,t'nnes to sell in violation of onr rights, thsasateakta-*wl?*?!.-'".'^""*^!*''/'''" aiS MyMF^"' "Saturday, Feb. 18. Charles W. Lewis,THK BEAUTIFirL STORT •»TBI Eirr AMD TBS 8I«AT.t—lagud':-pledge, of which the follow- "J?'*'i*''* nnderalgaed, members of the SophomoreTB&1KijTad at • •^eloek tkl« aTnlar. raaklBcMa*cm DTTELLIOENCB. aglK y<aHtot> tlwcg, MMbttB^ JttPMBEf M,Daaaa Baaaaaaar, a lad U yeara of aga, mm- 'ei^Jtte slroa oatut^gmv "tsMlilinJit NrtnidikV, andVai^manSTPlaoae. aowaaaaaTayadtatkaRaw-Tait HoaplM.Tiw" TOM oBsaMxnio irASHuiOToa'i j^jyiu»*<.5-5 Btbbt BgooAas.—PoeU manafe aomshol^tn' othartomAa a ««trfMiMkriaa eharscter of theOababra OBthearoBtogofJaa.l0,aoonoertwasbald6r'jM'^WkaSliiituB ^llijmv.aountrythe name of every river has an nt*tg In It. It It gen-ISABXLLA Jaxx, the only daughter of Jamxb SripamThis, the classes refused toaMow intha *' pohOshlas''bodychapter headed,was held at the Presbyterian Church in Grand-street last evening,plain»•*<*• Hobokon. Interment at MoravianCemeUry.8.L ELASTICTri.Ca.TaZBPRUBBM.thayThere are no precedent for com- plaining In a paragraph headed like the present one,that there Is no clock on the City Hallgenius of our municipal institutions does not favor the adoption of public wishes as guides or motives ofmeetingI. his "Vai' Wtcii.—At onFlshkiU, Saturday Feb.BniBOipfrlppflUUMSODS ITUCS.waysUe,«p«|lM»«:Aag,«(lB pM«c inspirationFiraaaAL or Boanr aCoLLure.—The fiiimallaidtha public aaWof hisrace,steamer,inconsequenceof thestorm, open,aesday;Pmeral- WMnnoTOS,SimdsT. BM.CaAn&tee on TertUoiiea bara nndtfrran. u, tt taoahlss sC yaan.TaHathBf.'*fl•t>«<Jm'4« foiBect* luUy, hava mrada.FIka'iFe^ *'x'^*oot*^ BlIU,itla miit'UmtUteiary sodattes, which wasinportedIB tbeseeaMa;ccitolnlTand Freahmaaof SLalhjatte-paea,at4o'elaekanlad, TlieCk>mmltte«eontemplifaottt- __| 'fiti Jadleial DIatrieLI (xtBmlttaedirty aadtrtiialng, adisgraceprofessionalpoli-seeingmoralng, thoaghtletaly passed a resolutlan to absentTHVMm w. ____^ iWIBtPOKTiBITjan h>pn«t|riy qpteifle inataad of od «a;«r«« datlea(orFreshmsn) Class, their hereby express"see on the sidewalk an object which, upon examination, proves to be an ab- stract of a Chinaman, armless and legless, but whatregret at tbe ClasB combination entered into yesterday not to attend leclUUon this moralng, and we hereby pledge our honor as students to make up the omittednextnection with this Institution, we will refuse to en-otherwise, the object of which shall be to evade, dis-obey, or resist any law or regulaUoa of the College — authorities.KxRToa Couiai. OA]iBm,0., Jan. Jt, 1860."but'I ObO*aat afternoon, passers-by mayntHw aaae are pnusUoaUe.IIeloaalxthe labjaot,ingpresent at the Derby Races and the greatwho hSTaHooae an alaioataorvUalxadaqoaUr dlTldad on theto befight for the Championship. During the delay ndtatlon, and recite it at 3iofhis brow is laof thel^ state- and hisefPortsmonth,theftwkUnc pttTllaca, aBdthe prepea-la it»toailac againat aboUtloa.and alsoand a considerable part of his wardrobe sto- courage, or enter into, any combination. Class or Brooklyn, on Mmdar. Feb. at o'eloek P.M. Bol-there -hall MaaaMnt Bade thiansboiit the United States to niaa Rtktaat nmdi to eanr on the work npoa Katlanal Momunant daring tbe com- CttUMBa la erery part of the country canmoneylen. Fortunately, the delay enabled lilm to repair histMFebnaiTltiapiopoaed thatS.I^KrilL'"?' "' "» tamily are rsqneatsd to attend wltboat farther invitationi^). ACTLETOH A CO.. PnMlshara. Ma»^T«^.UlOlflMita the Foatmaitere of their reipeo ibxoagbnot toSaturday! only child.series ofresolutions,invited to attend the this foneral,BamoTrs.T.indicatingIke Faragoayan Commlasioner has met with a dials iJumU be, but where, alas!theyare not.DELAWARE, GEORGIA, STATEbereateTWauihay baar aMntkto haip.Batyonng,even to theirMany Classes,i^denoe Tor. Llastr.S*-tbm towaa. linat a thousand Postmasters hsre wayside. For the noble charlUes, and publicand was anheavUy on her and to have This was not or was Lxttbll At^Holwken. N.J., on Sunday Bominiteea raisad within the past four monthsThere are nearly «8,00» poatmaa- J wlut hare not l)«en heard from, and it Is to bewin consent to do so, and If the retnrBS arerage only II M> per year, or MX cants par moath, the wctfc can be kept In progresa. A. rary iUght aflbrt aiada In each ptae* tltToaghent the eoutry would In- (U*tlM aaaplatiao of tha If onmaent In a few years.Xdltsn of aawapipeia aia desired to call attantlen|o au paModB eateipttsa.TteKatloaial ITnion EzecutlTe CozDmittee have de-cided to hold a Nominating Coatentlon at Baltimore. 'Tba tlao to be derigaated hereafter.In danger of misap-weighedmind,enough. Signature, dismission,rob. It, JeaB Dpini. son of J. Dunn and aged«years 8monthsaadUdays.LOMtf,^tkas •3,000.kavad that tbey will coaperata with the others. If book, theburied inthe alternative,refused to sign,severed without further ceremony. These are the o clock, from the residTenuceesdo»aybis parenU. No. 10 Unlon-^«^ 1Ihat the eooseiousaess of suffering la a good cause sober and serious discussion in the pulpit. The pres-IssaSeieatconsolation. HAsun entSpiritualmanifestationshebelievedtobethefalsewouldiad«WM ii Oaabrtr tha reaemWaooe t#aaa a»imi1 ilaj.faal atraat vagabo«lofBoaaai 8.coaaeqaaace of a Ul la the strast,Ihay aia.Coiun, wlo died oaof Territoriml Oofant- Totk. Fbrattbaggan, aafortttaately for thealml- took place yesterday afteraooa, from his late' Feh. I*.Toaaday•/• inatlOB Itu Itsamong them except the Cuttom-IIoose the administration of Presi-representativeson A.sricaltare hare dacldad to re- CalcstlatteBlm. John Chinaman doesn't beg. He Tatlos, subsequently In office la the Streetthemselves from tha same. That thia was "Inaibla OoUaaa, ata i»aii«<«<hll» Faoattr iarlted, wtthontfar-s HooMtaad BUI, wUoh will pan the Houa, buys a small table, a box of cigars, a bonch of ofhls death was attached to tThaetlToasx, aConmdmisalonera classes, is false.pg^ with the Uponcusto- been done before by thesetheTuesday Faculty present-rick's Cathedral, oa Tasada o'eloeh.Ma.HaneeMa In tba Senata la nneertaiiL. matches, and waits for a customer, pfalleii ""* ** **»'* "f »«« *"<' leaves a wife aad their<tMlft » '••i.,5* ed for signature ay aasaalac, Fsb.ai,at 9)tMTka Mcbda of Protaetloii ara eonSdant tkat tha sophlc patianceAw EorroR Bobbed.—Mr. Oiobgi Wilkes, ingEditor of Wilie»' Spirit tftkt Tima, sailed for Liver- pool on Saturday, by the City of Washingtoti, intend-Is acopy:Haanaa,—la Brooklyv, saddealy, an Snnday, rtb. 18, Haxt K., wUb of Abrahaa Haider.Belatlvea and Mendaof the Cutily are respeetfolly iBTlted to attend the fBseral, on Tneaday. Feb. ». at 3 o'clock, ttom her late lesldenea. No. 1* Prinee-st., Btmoklyn.BAuiBuaTos.—In Brooklyn, on Thoraday, Feb. I(, lathe >3th of her yearIhs will travMIIac eaaianalfrla aUltien te the BaOaw'' £>wxmuit of BaUwaraaSl thfCobmIKm of Wajk aad Meani wUl loaareportors has appeared oa Broadway. On almoet any pleai-of Ceofuclus printed ail over his face. a Lately, however, a new candidate for mendicant hon-four cblldren In circumstances. straightenedwould be the fashioBP. M..that, during our future con-a Chinaman if fillsd out and finistied.on Wedage, Balllbartan,After contact with the and la his husiility he doesn't look eraa too'clock,of the lata James P.imneit^ BaUwmup grloaunnkdt,he source whence pennies are showered Into bis cap beside him. You pity the poor creature, but then Chinamea are so ingenious, can ao mlsalc aay appearaace, that you half fear he might. If he chose, stand up and look as nearly like a aaan as Is possible for any one to look who was born ia a whereroom was his trunks broken entered,gowns.No. 113Washington St., oomer of Hlgh-at., ao, »Xerallysafe,however,patronize beggars by theShe was nine of yearsfC..' ilJ.?'?'^' *TMN?o. 166 ad- St..Whltjlioose. WlUlamsborgh.private, f»i tha purpose placed la their offlces, of OUT City, are sufficient to relieve so nearly everyre-Jalia E. L"i«t<t>euu,ItsPRINOX or DBSMMBBS-r. O. 0. D.case of hflooit want, that one Ishave caused aHXNDBIOKMH,BLAKB * Baa.lIa«»Aaplying hla benerolence If he withholds hisfrom supportthem aad distributes his alms at random.Citt Hall.—In a famousdepressionthat terminated in her death. She is to beand as the of tMth classes majorityThx Clock ok thiCollege.at2t^e^nMdlfhiSs!f,n?n.e.ia^l°.''onfr},'»a«|»re respeotfaljT iaritedto forenoon, Feb. 31. at 10of aIcelaitd," eoaalsted of these words" The Snakes of 'Snakes la Iceland." So there is aReportsofficial we shall most action,religious services were conducted by Rev. Dr. Tbohp^ ly, false. As to the justice of the course pursued by bob. It was a verv and drew to- Faculty and stadents, we say nothing. We wishOFFIOIAL DKAWDTOS, BT TILKGRAFH OV THB liBGAUZBS I.OTTBKIB8>WOOD, ESDT k CO., Managers, of theEENTUOKTaadMUSOUBI LOTTXRIBS.AUTHORIZED BT THB LKSISLATUn.The undersigned Commissioners, appointed by Ifcs Oeveraer of the Stats of Delaware to superintend thebesome time to come to be annoyed by the appearancein its before the true lightcompelled for of those four great ilghtleis eyes in the new cupola,the matter'placadand are content to await their decision.ordlal reeeptloa from the EzecntlTe offioers of our0«faiBiMnt. After the formal exchange of ratifiea- of repairs Is so long delayed, unless it is cabin, and one hundred and fifty steerage passengers,AmeBdtlTofthe Netn-YorliTimet Nsw-York, Thursday,not So be sold without Mr.Judson's lieeose aadSIHULUsaaoftheBowlln Treaty, this week, he will enter«pan his duties nnder the special conrentlon for the•ettlcBcnt of the Indemalty due to the HopUas Com- its reign are passiag a^ay. At first sight it might beFeb. 16, 1860.Circuit Court of this Districtbetweaa fata nijaay.Tke Hoosa Committee on the Fost.office will, at ansupposed that a desire to exercise the prerogative andwould have prompted tbe oestowal uf tha job upon some one whose future vote may beInDm abooM cXaaoaar of execution aadbtadlag, had a long session yssteiday, Superintendent•f PabUo Priatliig Hsaxi glrlagpricesCoraaers'BUSKED TO DEATH WHILE INTOXICATED."to be followers of the meelt and Mancharge, by sendingvaluable hints tnm hia long azperlenea on that nb/eet.said parctaased frcm Day or bis ageats, or~ha TwGum -*C:«., No.4«^wth Market-street and No. 42 Uer-ASCNDATWITHTBBFCNGUSFAKULT WONDERFUL ! MEDICAL CURES BT THIfealr and feather establishment of Utatnaa,chaats'-row, whose loss amounts to about (20,000 tfoUy lasored.;from It trust to coach and carfor news of Its;THB FAMILY AT HOME AND AT CHURCH— PSY-OOLOGT OF A GREAT SERMON—FUNGUS' SHORT AND EASY WAT OF DISPOSING OF THE CHRISTIAN SYSTEM—THE HOME MISSION- ARY EFFORTS IN THE FUNGUS FAMILY.CATION OF PROF. DaSBATH'a BI.BCTBIOOII.!ON MAN AND BIA8T.'ne lower portion of the main-which was saved, was occupied by Fauicianothingtbe capaciousthe statutesof a civilized andenlightened peeple.YieimittT-Mia aad W. W. Anus, all shoe dealers ia the imme-obtain money by false pretences, as really as any swindler does, who pays the penalty for his deeds. When men come to believe that the only relief theyfind ready Imitators in otherboy cries reports of events which have never hap- pened, prompted sometimes by bis own cupidity, andSlager'a Sewtag UaeUaea* No. 2BSving machinesKo. 1 sewing mastiinesTbe family sewing machine, A Thefamilysewingmachine Hemming gauges- methods of medical aid in the same spaes of Uem. Ikadlfeta lecallty of the fire, suffered more or less>y water. Total loes estimated at between •«O,0OO$IOtpaid for printing andrights, inclading evtlriy'pTpoeereseonntewho ihaatsriasgoelrdsara- ear aaa-manyer Angasta, g*.stamps.We do not wish to Im ondersteed w soUeltiaa mer-chants to make any arrange sMnte with as.batwa mSm It oar duty to define our soaltloB.buildings,I to find the Timxb hopeX. HiiBAWAT, boot and shoe dealer, whose for the money they can snatch from those who visitheard him to mutteringhimself.ftotA was badly damaged by water. RicB-MM A LnrooLH, E. V. Eu)Uii«i, Bma Cei^ advertising good skating when there is none at all,theaccosipUsb naarw aad mo.. eqollibriam of all tlie cirealatlng flolds ia thsdamageCasatai X. Dabtoh, both highly respected members sometimes by the shallow shrewdness of the pub-•fftanra Department. In thirty minutes both bodies lisher who sends him out. Practices like these over-dngfromtheruins,shockinglymangled. Sere-gasBABNET'8 OPEKA FERFCaiE. Dedicated to MLLE.ADELINAPATTI.A new and elegantPERFUME,Exhaling the most deiightfol and exquisite odors.we reach themselves, and recoil on the interests of thoseSewingMachineCompanyhavetil otters were injured, but not daageroosly. bodysucceed In business whs have lost the confidence ofIt is difficult toimagine whythecompletiontil She yesterday momlng.carried out twenty-four— your to-daythat the City Goveiamentdisturbed |by any reminder how swiftly the hours ofand f86,000 in specie.Aitemptkd Sel>-Dksteuctioh. Mr. {lOBBltTlloepifcal.'condition. Butasmaw of a coach, which is proverbially never full, so iiothing In reason seems to satisfy their owners, who,tbe Park, unfurl a bannertblaxaned|with a lie, aad by'On Saturday evening, Jahxs G. Bess, second mat* of the steamship Robert Love, lying at the foot of Dey. street, went on board the vessel while partially in- toxicated, and made a fire of Newcastle coal in a fur- nace which he placed in his stateroom. The room was badly ventilated, and It Is believed that the from the fumace suffocated him. He was found ait ting In his chair quite dead yesterday momlng. Cor- oner Jaoxban the case.investigatedSUDDEN DEATH.named JosipachUdran. AnCIINT HIKACLI8 AKD MODIRN SPIBITITAL in Grand-street last evening, suddenly fell and ex- Aboat six inches of snow fell Saturday afternoon Maxdistatiors.—The new Broadway Tabernacle, pired, as Is supposed from disease of the hoart. HisDENT, ON THE PREVAILING FASHIONg AND are cmrable by any eembfaatton of awdieal aapOaaaaa. My Electric OQ operates on ehai•i„oa_l_an_d __.,Its burden of wealth, they seem to forget what poor Richard knew, that Ail a'eliiiek Sunday morning, when the firemen dishonesty does'nt pay. These tricks of companieska4 aboat closed their labors, a portion of the wallisn oatward, iaataaUy killing CBAaus Castu andJOSEPH E. RICHARDS, Publisher, No. 6 Beekman-st., N. T.an cireola ionowe to humanity Is tolightenTSM FOLLIESOFTHETIMES.and elseSa—f*S-^who adopt them. No man or of men can longCiana aad Dibtoh each leaves a wife and three the A public.Lihuan, while walking $50. Fersaleat NO. 495 BROADWAY. New-York.and night. Clear and cold to-day.CABSIA6E BANDS AMD OTHER TKBB. aUMQS.mities are not more requent in this City. Such It is very low spirit- the coDstruction of most of our tenement-houses, that ed, aad declares he would Infinitely prefer the wilds miracles prophesied by Christ and the Apostles—mira- in case of fire, as great or even greater destruction ofTHTRTY-FITE SECOND-HAND SAFESM—Tbe aboveHarness Trimmings, are made and sold \f the Ivas klOf Kansas to his present position.Ballroad Acaldeat.Ci.xTXLAaD, Saturday. Feb. 18.And as thedanger of repetition of such catastrophes by casaul- show that Herring's Patent Champion Safe ever failedThe Lake Shore express train, while running wonders of Spiritualism. The miracles of the Bible, alowly near Falrriew, yesterday afternoon, was run he showed, were for a high and moral end, while theThe statistics on the sub- of Patent Champion Fire and Burglar- Proof variety the warehouse of HOWE'S IMPROVED Herring'sEeaate. It had previously passed the House. Theworkings imagination, the result of trickery or the product ofhorrible alarm may awaken theimpossible.OAN A ai:l£n, r. c. weLlb a PARK, and aU dealers.Capital, oa Wedaeaday, for them to come on and paraetpate la the careaumlea. At the concert onSat- uidsnr erening, from which a member of tha$300,000 goesfor theto the American Colonization Society,and of free blacks in Li- supportSpring Beds.—SS to S6BedShe Invitation, so that if the members of thedo BOt consider the time too brief to make the neces- sary pneaiation, there seems to be no obstacle in the yayofthedtlxeasof Washington, and the legUla- Itva wisdom there assembled, having an opportunity to inspect the finest body of soldiery in this City or In themanner, the walls being 18 inches thick. At Intervals wealth of 28 feet, or Including two suites of rooms, brlak walls are carried from the foundation to the roof. The ttaircasas are iron, broad, and of easy ingress ANOTBXB CLEBaTMAN ntOM IBILAHD.—Bev. and egress. The balls are spacious and extend the of the and being construcied withcourse inthe Irish Evangelical Church has excited consldera-oraddresses In this city yesterday the first In the morn- sidewalks. Tbe is as andcountry.Tbe Mew.Torkbuilding,Iron beams, brick arches and blue flagging, are^r»-01.D DOMINIONCOFFEE POTS.LUCICS HART.BeaaralAgaaia.Al^ .WHO SVFFBR WITH PIIESPIL* SUP- Should procure a box of Dr. WITMBR'S ear*.BEAMXM WHO ISO THIiS^^f' &*'jP!5?'iI?Viadar'k Thompson..24.Haaiy'ftnlth .23. Jaaies Shelton .30.ble attention because of his erratic disregard of sec-streets,which be washed with no more mayTheir popularity Bnrling-slip, byJ>anlal Callahan.suppliedAcademy of Muiic, on TUESDAY EVENING, Feb. 21, 1860.I>atrlck MeAllater. .25. Mew-York.The platform thronged, and among those who were favoredwas trial classes hat been a witn G. Adee, aged 4 years and* 6 months.!?Js"e°xTr^i°VLT"dXiftl|: n siS Era^^isci from 3 to 6 days in advance.** ttafater Flnant .22.New-York. Walter Harrington.. 18. Halifax. FrankHoustOB..... J*. Ireland.J<>bn Seofleld .33. Ireland.2. P. De Rozarto. .21. East Indies.stand, and not a few retired.SeW. CnanlnghamtheAsBOciation for ImprovingMaUs^ .^ kdkyON, No. lO Pr^Ht.James C.Wlliiaa, j,rvls .. .27.Dec 27.Jan. 4.Jan. 7. Iccally aUuslve nor polemical. He descanted on the even attempted. And yet the experience of the past notice. The remains will be inctaerrieedr for tbe Herald this affair pasnsd offrIonm thSeBmost succesafuolf many years inBenry Denm. 3falward McKeDny Patrick O'Nell... J. BoTgeas JaelB. Conklin.A LO^S.t ;^EBbatel^ lianattetBC-Y'onng..49.Pennsylvania. Long Island.course lastwas theological—neither purelyIt will be his earnest endeavor to have his portion and satisfacto-wilUam Hamilton .4a Maine.JJeUs Peterson.iSSLfi^°'^wmu3''; William GrimesSweden. Jan. Belgium..male of the manstreel, onto the**" Connecticut papers please copy.Geiswolp —In thtaCiiy, on Saturday afteraooa. Feb. I8.DAHI11 S. Gbiswolp. Rgeiie7years.Ibe the family are invited to relatives and frieodsofattend his on Ttrei^ay. Feb 21. at 11 o'clock funeral,A.M.. from the residence of his son, C. E. Griswold, No. 327 West22d St ^ ,, , _WosAM.— at the residence of Rev. Mr. In this City,satire bucccbs.OSCAR..23. 32.and creating a sounder public sentiment, ithas de--Ireland.General .Agenta. IKKEPHESSIBl^lK CONFLICT ENDED.morningstreet to Elizabeth-street, having a front on each of charge is ofTnsUtnte.Boom No. 19, on TUESDAY BVEVntSaeit.Baarltal.HATE DUD IK IB* WSTrrTJTION Dn«.QUAETXK IBDIICO JAM. 1, 1860.and for allpractical purposes,coveredpassage-are the decidedly. . .30.Charka Tralmer.. .25. Germany.the»»•"• Ireland,as wellprotected against damageby fire,ACARD.—THE SUBSOKIBER WOULD RE8PSCT- fuUy inform the friends of theConnecuiuU ~Germany.Pennsylvania, Ireland. Ireland.Fourteenth-street,the second at the aflerneonas can well devise. ingenuityNO. 1B8 B0WEBT, W.T.New-York.Nov. Nov. 23.The relatives aad friends of the family are invited to attend tbe funeral, on Tuesday next, at 1 o'clock P. M.,22. New-York.Christ.A Chapter op AcciDiNTi.—Charles Jacksok,the attention of humane, thiidiing men to the subject,and Home Journal. catering public,FLOBENCE.TSB*9. Jan. 12. *" lJ'>«e<l States. Jan. 15. Jan. 16. New-York. Jan. 21.23. .38. .3ft.England.New-York. Jan.ship Yorkshire, lying at the Saturdayshafts,35.58. Rhode Island.to hisJan. 25. a critical condiUon32. New.WMKLT azpOET TO FIB. 17.tenements, despitechaiacter, the Legislature should inter-cram, in the 76th year are invited to attend her The friends of the familyJan. 30.pUch^««'.j2"^of " 'evfd, iaaatW»,nt« M»l«>>IM8«ai^iiOB Feb. 10.236; admitted to Feb. 17. J8.falling heavily to the sidewalk, broke one of her legs abovePERKT^sSli ?a\\\Vr«0%^OLIB^tHarper-t»*c««^Jersey.dangerous ef the The law- pote for the protection occupanU.making power must be evoked to enaat and enforce.^ i**r"M?IWtonJwumeV37i females,35,the ankle,the bonessuch;protruded throughreriilaUons lat^ulia,cles whose falsity, it was foretold, would deceive the very elect. After showing that it was natural for man to believe in the supernatural, he presented side by side the miracles iet forth In the Bible and theSAFES OF EVERT SIZE.- of tbe most approvedmakers, of which are almost new,) which I have (manyand Rails,'Iron OeDan. Pole Yokes and Craha.likelypublic, jnSTITIA.with where clock painful consplcuousnessSaturday, onaccountoftheseverestorm,anddidnotleaveun-prefersnot to beI read with much article In relation to the views of the Editor of ttie Courier and Enquirer, ar expressed inonly partlss title or inlareat ia t elaimlsgany:timi-.18, Miss Sailv Ykv Wtcxj, daoghter of tmhoerlnaitengC.orne- Uos C. Van Wycke,ofMr. Judaon will pretect merebaatssuit*, without rec«rs« or;-Presbyterian"•-ilsiatoibe-ofWew- last la«klte hair and beards, nor do resldecee. No. ST Llspenard-street, It wasrery stout, impadeat, numerously attended. Mr. Coiun was one ofdasaes generally.^MSSSJS*S'S?.„25*•«»«»?«•biTlted U Soptaomore aMBdhtttlMnl, at the ofacUve and best knownfor Ariionaat praaentthaaaBnmyar- tag,tlwybaaatthabenevolentoaeveryband. Every ticiansintbeCityorState. Hebaldapositioninthe preparingtbeo'clock recitation the foUowtagowncall- the mostHmdar^ r^bK Tttssflnas.—hi (his City, oa Bonday, FebriaTlCAai. A>oTkiinuiulALAOASaaA,Ipthe83dyearofUsara ThereuSressadMeadsafOeteraUy,'also Ouseaf Wt aoa la lav, Piaaetsoo Aaexvaad the at Oo-tharnstlee, to attead tha fiiatcal serrleas.at St. Pat-and as theDorohsster, Mass., in the 71st year oft Oet. X, iSrSrapaper yesterday, regarding the Haxtchs, and I am glad to find the Tikis uttering sentiments more In accordance with the enlightened spirit of the age, instead of advo- vaaa, *hleh Is strongly urged by the merchants of the present. Whatever the reason, the public will her lecture on " The Heroic In Common Life," at cating that relic of barbarism which the Editor of theCaort i_ _ injnnetlon restraining socb acts' —which atdar li as•aiiyday,glTeIlr.Mius,ofSoath Carolina,aheailiigthe husbanding of.«Zagalarman serrlee between Charleston aad Ha-'delay patronage,ttasubject of restoring tothe steamer Uabtl thecausedbyaprudent-Charieaton, Savaaaah, Key West and New-York. The Hooae Scleat Committee, appointed to inquire Into the exljtiag laws, and to report reforms la the*l4arse Fire la B«ataB>' kBWDrerACTOXTBVEinU>-^rWOmUKSHKILUD.BosTos, Sunday, Feb, 19. On Saturday night a fire broke oat in the curledm"life of me," understand how it is that men in this day and generation, and more especially those pro-GORDON, SEAL,patronage wanted.UM, the comp'aiaantt to the might applyfact, however,Isprobably tbat it may be bestowed In a time of greater need thanfall to comprehend why men who are exercising del- egated power as members of the City Government, should not practice the same industry, aad evince the same energy in the diacharge|of their public duties, as they or any business man would in his own affairs.—on coach flags and car windows. Mystic, for whoThe motive that the act is not known. promptedClass No. 84, Feb. IS. IMS.S2, 48, 75, S8, 4J, 44, 11, 74, 62, 48, S8, 39, S6.thefUesoftheCoart.aDdisstlUinfnea. We had abstained fromknowethitsimport?cypher,forit meaaethnothing.An advertised programme of skating regulations atthe commencement of the Winter Informed the pub-lic that a red t>all hoisted in the Park would indicate night,good skating. But as the Park—though likened In Its influence on public health and comfort to tha genial warmth of the sun—unlike that luminary, ia not visible from every window, people at a distanceMea. ST aad » Park Mr.flags cansatiateof them before he received his injuries, and after- wards have put them on again, the attack of lUIiriwHtremens, under which he was probably laboring, ren- dering him insensible to pain. Three persons whoin thesleptduring night."and a verdict of Death from b^^ms accidentally re- ceived" was rendered.DEATH PBOM INHALINa COAL 0A8.opinionground that it is quite time to nave it expunged fromTo th* Inhabitante ofPkUadelykia mUI propose to care, almost lastaataaeoasly, Icallings;L U. SmCEB A CO, No. tX Broadway, N. Y. Ko. UO Fulton-st., Bre^Uya.Impartaat ta Tallera aad Othera,Addressiatprcper otneirerr>>-.TT.uaI dald I want ths masses to Join in thisand the news-4The Grovsr A BakerJnsl introdaoed a new and superior Shuttle Machine, large site, high speed, with latest improvements. Prioeralrestorailoaofaayorflaalcederaagesaaattterested.N. B.—Please Inform rae of any case of f^tirs Is oasa,iaerombalfboorte three weeks, as I wish to aansc chargenothing. D6pdt,Philadelphia.Prlee, 26 cents, SO eents and il per bottle. Kamtm-Forsale by BARNES A FARE, Noa. 12 and If^rt- row, and Druggists and dealara In gaaeraL Dtott.German,comer of Broadway and Thirty-fourth-street, was body was taken in charge by the Police, to await anNO. 182Great Fire la Faltoa and Aan-atreeta.Nsw-YOBK, Jan. 30, Utt.^^crowded last evening, to hear a discourse by Rev. J. inquest,likeness which adorns each bottle.More than 3,000 bottles were sold in a few days, whilethis favorite artist was in Boston.Sold wholesale J. W. NORCROSS A 91 Concentric, styles. Sockets for dnafts, Folas,Tbe Harper's Ferry Raid.CBASusTowir, Ta,, Sunday, Feb. It. P. Tboufsos, the pastor, sjjon the subject of Mda- Tanemaat Hobms, and Havr ta Balld Them. Gkrtlembm printing establishment."frn Spiritual Manifestations and Ancient Miracles Contrasted." Mr. TaoupaoN took no text. Modem Spiritualism, he announced, had developed Into aMessrs. S. C. Hiaxiifo A Co.Boston, (styles. Sand (Flange pattern).the cars. TheIhetemons Seventh Regiment. The rain, snow and and as late as yesterday afternoon those which run fire-proof. Shortly after leaving EdinbJrgh, a very niversary Concert on TUESDAY EVENING. Feb. 21.to Hamilton-avenue and Atlantic-street were for the benellt of the School. The exercises will con- making destructive conflagration broke out in the extremely sist in sineing and speaking by tbe children, assistedSie occasion of the grand concert of the new band offerry-lwatswereseriously delayed, veillance, and those of recent erection were moetlyEpiscopal Church, (near 8tantoD-st.,} will give an An-placedin Msfor benevolent and charitabledeportationThe decedent was a bachelor, and a bachelorfor tbe best In existence. (Howe's patent.) at No. 378Spring Broadway.hardlySeghaentwasabsent,orderswerecirculatedfora biotheroflargewealthIsconstitutedhissoleexecu- WorkingMen'sHome,"orrodglBg-house.Thljbuild- COMPANY,fortheirdescriptivecircular. Spetialin-beria.tor, with the remainder of his estate, about t550,00O,ing is a parallelogram, extending through from Mott-Examine It or address the ELLIPTIC BED-SPRINO ducements to the trade and local agencies.Files, PralaaaaaAal, Kaptare Tarlearelet andandanlargedveinseftheextremities. Fbyslcians •thers are invited to axamine the new appliances for the above maladies al No. 4i8 Broome-st.J. W. RIGGS. M. D.BLAKE ANos. 21 and 23 Ann-st..graphyxsass meeting of the body thisat the lower arsenal, comer of Elm aiul Whiteattaets, to take acUcm in the matter. It is understood distribution. The only personal bequests are a gift 53 feeti and a depth of 188 feet It built brick,at 9 o'clock,that the Board of Officers favors the acceptance of of to Us xecutor and $12,000 to another bro-HSNDRICKSON,LONG, General Agents.t2O,00ORegiment ther, now advanced in years. Tbe whole value ofsix stories high, exclusive of the cellar. Every partof the Is constructed In the most substantial buildingJONES' HOTEL, FHII^ADEIiPHIA. Tha lease and fixtures of tbls noted Hotel are for sale at a great bargain. The furniture is entirely niw, hav-in is reckon- the estate, princi^lly productive stoclcs,TBEing been put in within a year, and the House now doing willedat•880,010. Thefoundation of this was laid in one of the Southern cities.largecontain theHmBT GxATTAS GciinnsB.whose ministerialHIMDBICK80V.tarian approval, patronage, or claims, delivered threeF08IIORT. It narerfalls to prwlaces permanentiing in Rev. Dr. MoElsot's Church (Presbyterian) inReference given to the most respectableDM. Oct. 5. Oct. 8. Oct. 10. Oct. 15. Oet. 17. Oct. 22. Nov. 1.Nov. 15.Dec. 24. GcmaiBs Is afyoung man,probably net over thlrty-fi»e.or accidentThis buUuing was designed by the phllanthropioserviceinRev. Dr.Institute, (miscellaneous,) in the evening.projecterspracticabilityprovidingtlst,)of their fete at the grand militaryinthirdincomfortable, well-ventilated tenements,secure againstfire, and with most modem convenlenoes, ala witbmthemeansofthe classes. But price laboringCooperThe latter placewas crowded ta excess. Many ofDIED.APix.—In this City, on Saturday evening, Feb. IS,t Tbesupper wiilbecondncted upon the European plan, and those in attendance can partake of refreshments at any time froB the eommencement to the termination of the soiree.The ladies' toilet, and hat and cloakrooms, will be-under the superintendense of ompetent and carcfUI pel sons.GiLLsrrx's West Twenty-third-street,ofChureh, the(Bapto show theINDEPBNDKNCE GUARD,and bis numerous patrooe. that he will have charge ofand refreshmentthe Supper saloons upon the occasionAGENT, CB^^''of*thI^m^aT5.*'-a*.$SS22«sS fe£«¥fe°#i.:ry7t^i5-A??igit has been erected five years without an Imitator.Jeremiah Green... .50. New-York. Nov. 11. the audience were obliged, for want of seats, to The improvement of the dwellings of tbe indus- Jankbttb Geat, only dan.Khter of Charles T. and MaryErS'&rrrc! t2r"dent aadurhicDepartment under Josbtb 8. at the time mary," or that If bad everlosses, and he made good iris departure.Death or the DAnoHTxa or Jas. Stxpheits.O"The relatives and Mends of the temlly are respeetfdllTthey passed they expressed regret at their refusal to attend recitation, and offered te re- The circumstances of ^ei father's death are said to cite, during recreation hours, the omitted lessons.who was executed a few days ago, died on(Monday) SV^Z •** resldeaceof her son-in-law. W.Ninr-TOSK braadaradstmaage,which induced the fever probablyHer malju will be taken to Bridgeport, Coon., for interment.bybeing lUnattatad brthaEDHTmnsoEi, a gentleman from New-Haven, attempt- ed to commit suicide, on Saturday night, at the Rain- bow Hotel, Beekman-street, by taking a large dose of laudanum. The Police removed him to theIngtrsol! of (his Court, that, " ifaaysncbinlts on the title set up by bba a( U->Gbace Greenwood, the authoress, will deliver Rev. E. H. Chapxh's church, tomorrow evening.tTiDgers on our rights, habvrilngliBhgt alauynesalatsdabceaUtaftSfat- Wltaeit ear hands, at Wilmington, Del., Feb. 18, IMS. there would be a speedy decision of the caase. b^a^i waThis lecture has been received with great fevorfor theJOS.JAMES DUNCAN. Olrenlars. containing schemes (br tbe month, wBl beBailed free ofelapsed without any decTaion, and the immeass iafars Day isintlictingon oar rlgbta, have detefmtaadaste wait no longer, and allother cities._Johnston Ewiho, a man in young employedWilmington, Del.WIEiI.IAlM AliLEN BUTLEK* ESQ^^ C05TEXBt?rXS TO Ifili WEEK'SINDEPENDENTA NEW SKETCH OF CITY LIFE, ENTITLEDconsistencydeath of an erring human being, even admitting guilt.In the It is no means clear that the present ease. byand I near the fumace in the building. In the mom- venture to state, unquallfieoly, that no real Christianthe hide-cleaning establishment of Mr. Tbomas Shcl-LBH, in Tiurtynlnth-street, near the Northon downThursday whilegrosslyintoxioated,Is of the crime prisoner gtiiltyto charged her,OOODTRAK. WILLIAM IXTOmtUbuildingCoroner Gahbls held anand and te pain,7k M< Editor New-York Timet: iifths;ton-st. and No. 46 ann-ttNo. 113 Fol- occupied by oarselves andby CO., No.2 PhUadelphls, 6 styles.Express Waicasu. W^U^a^^,8TSFBXK3 and Hazlztt, the last victims of theJosB Biova Raid, are kept la the closest confinement.feawtUB says he feels more cheerful and resigned]haa he erer expected to be, and remarked yesterday subject of mammoth Importance, and demanded a prise is not that they occurred, but that similar cala- ChamploB Safes, ant, after beinff exposed for 30 hours and Druggists generally.r— NaiShocking disasters bythe stock of both concerns wss totally destroyed. Our books, papers, and some hundreds ofdo'Jarsin bank-biUs, were in one ef yourRim, 8 styles.Reflector. 6 stylet.Rose, I style.Screw Cap, 9 styles.Coach, 3 styles.JerseyMs4,(s^Iss. TopPropNatsaadBiv^ait.k,human life may be reasonably expected. aRiver, layCHARLEScan wish the sentence to be carried into execution. Too often have the innocent suffered for the crimes of the guilty, and whether this Is or not the case In the present instance, no good can come from this fire, it is inferred that he must have divested himself barbarian practice and the is fast gaininglng he was found quite dead, with marks of severs burns on bis back, abdomen and thighs, and from tl>e fact that his clothes were but slightly injured by the«,.,.^-„~„ •"»-^KOCLAKAHO»inquest,rpiS la THE THIRD OF THE ARTICLES CON- system, than cm be effected by any other or, aUto our aensibilities as were the recent morning eonsamed by fireFulton-st.A CO., No. 876 Broadway CODDINGTON RUSHTON G. P.;MILNE, Brooklyn,WhilBe-treea. Trimmingfire inDivision and £lm-atreets, the sur-;Silver, Irorr, iTtisMii SUver Moaldint—Bask L, Brass Door TTIinia Mall Silver Head Loop BaUa.FOR SALE. Children's dab, Tstyles. stylea'Rsward will t>ety or carelessneis Is proportioned to the number of te preserve its contents in an accidental fire.that canwith afamilitsia eachhow fearful is the risk in-taken in exchange for LILLIE'S CHILLED AND Pardee Manafscturing Company, Mount Caiasl. Osa^ TVROrGHT IRON SAFES. Call and examine a large Factory at Ives Station, on Canal Railroad, a liiiMcurred by the occupantsject show that there are in this City more than 2,000 Safes, No. ::51 Broadway, corner of ilorray-tt., opposite STANDARD scales.tbe City Hall. New-York.Bartholf'8 CELBBBATED SEWING MACHINES.These superior machines are adapted to Family sew-and to Plantation and and are msnufacturiog uses,UoBTSOHiBv, Ala,, Saturday, Fab. 18.The great Mobile Harbor bill has passed the all for twenty-five cents. He took the ground that wooden staircase, which would, by first taking fire, BITHOI.P M.4NU?ACTL'H1NG CO., No. 434 Broad-Inta by a locomotive &om behind. The paaienger cars were badly smashed, but no serious injury to thepassengersTha latproT.eneat of Mobile Harbor.miracles of Spiritualism he to be for allegedof these houses, each containing from ten to ninetyFRANK E. HOWE, No. 303 Broadway.was reported.bane-setter, whese tame is nnrivaled that of byinB).^nlficant and unworthy purposes. God wrotehis laws on tables of stone, and the glory of his pre-sence shone resplendent. The modem Spiritualist Coroner's jury. In the Elm-street Investigation, thumped on walls, made tables perform miraculousdances on the floor, spelt out lovers* na^nes, and toldwhether one's grandmother died of the Influenza, andbelow the Astor House.FILLED WITH PATHOS. log man. It ia a certain and iiamediue ears tat sh«i-families;andaccordingto thetestimony before theofDr.STBPEERSWEET,ofOonneetieat.thaeettbraBall these demonstrations were the of the render escape from a death The way, comer Howard-at.it agive trial.bUl assures a minimmn depth of fifteenPosTLASD, Saturday, Feb, 18. The steamship North Briion sailed to-day at 4:30, with sixty passengers and a full cargo, for Liver-pool.Militarr Affairs.SHXirXW BIHD or TBI BCTSHTB KIOIMKTT—SHALL blocked up the railroads leading out of the City, re-IVB. 22 BK CILIBBATID BXKI OK AT WASH- tarding the movements of passengers and mails,nie«ON? and rendered necessary the employment of extraThe Academy of Husic was filled to overflow- hacdsj and the abundant use of salt to clear the Britain and on tha Continent, In 1S57. The tenementing, like a generous wine-cup, Satorday evening, on tracks of the City railroads and allow the passage of houses there are generally under governmental sur-Bpaldiag'e Prepared QIae.bar to the wharf.P. P. P.PARK'S PRICKLY PLASTERS.feet from the^^^^^galllag of the North Brttaa.yetunknown. SomemodernSpirit- honesty of view and purpose,GeneralRUSHTON'S COD I.IVER Oil. FOE CONSUMPTION.occult causes asualisis he accreditedbut the most he set down as jugglers working upon the credulity and pockets of the weak-minded. The discourse, which lasted over an hour, was most atten- tively attended to.UBim IR irui uocei. Maaulactured byFoe salz vbetwiiiee. H. C. SPALDING A CO.,Agents.—Th« Stobx. An old-fashioned enow, hail, rainpearsingle houseand wind-storm began on Friday night, and continued, with little intermission, until atin this City,zsss, and to disgrace our humanity and civilization.The which snow,averaged nearly a foot in depth,building,8. C. HERRING A CO., Patentees and Hanatkctnrers atfrom New- Haven.are constructed like mostlyWaiunc'b, havingsay ttf-tuaUsin. 1 gout, neuralgia, sprains, bmises, eats,sores, boras, scalds, piles, lambago, headaohe,tatheyno better means ofthan a narrow ingegress unaoualed in excellence and slmolicity.KOW PUBUSHING IN THE NEW'YORK MESCCKT.HENDBICK80N, BLAKE A LONG, Nos.21and23Ann-st.,all rheumatic and nervous dlwrdara, externalIA FRIEND IM NSKD-VRT IV.DR. SWSErS INFALLIBLK LINIMBIT, th* vaalinmates of these wretchedly defective dwellings to the kindling'midnightsleepingof their own funeralBut for the charred, blackened, and mangledpyre.corpses of a score of innocent victims, it would ap-P. O. address. Box No. 3,600.No. i6 Cedar-st.THEY ASMHILAIEThese dsUKhtfulFlastersyield readily teth* Parks motion of the l>ody, absorb perspiiatioa aad Patent throw off all the offensive coagulated iaport- Porous tiesof tfae8y8tem.Tbey shoaldbeuBdfsr all Prickly Chronic Fains.'Faintness, Dyneiaia. Oalds, Plasters Consamptiosi, Rhsnmatin, Fsaaal* Weak- Are sold ness, etc. They retain their activ* paagai - By all lies when other Plastsrt are uselasa, aad Ueslers where applied pain cannot exiet. Bvery bmi-should have them. On* sise onincredible that the erection of aconstructed like those in questicn, would be toleratedTTheeler ds Wilson's Sewing Machine, They are the favorites for families.— Times.Tf e Fr»fer them for family use.— IVt^uae, Office No. 606 Broadway. New-York.Barry's Trtcapheroaa is theBEST AND CHEAPEST ARTICLEFor DRESSING. BEAUTIFYING, OLBANING. ODBL- ING, FRASERYIN6 AND RESTORING THE HAIR. Ladies, try it. For sale by all druggists and perfumers.—much less that hundreds and thousands Saturday, midaight of them should exist, to imper.l the lives of our citi-f-'SEFCI, IN AIiI, FA9III.IE8.-HEG£MA.\''A ^CO.'S Benslne, which removes paint spots, grease, Ac Ac, and eleans gloves, silks, ribbons. Ac, equal to new, withoBt the slightest Injury to 'color or fabric. Sold by all Drngglsts. 25 oents per bottle.GRANDUNION MASS mEBTING.ANNIVERSARY crTHEBfBTH OF WASHINGTON.COOPER INSTITUTE, TUESDAY EVENING. Feb. 21. I860.There is little risk introphe could occur In European cities. Many houses of this class were visited by the irriter, both in Greataffirmingthat no such catas-FrcmhMU caaualngled, of that stormy night, daunted notthe fair, whom none but the brave deserve, from their trips very irregularly, in consequence of the high bulldiags among the wyndsof the CaimonGate, by the "Tremaine Famil.v" and six Sunday-School sti lotion and the laws of the country, of securiag Be which osainrise in partmasses of ice which were driven into theby their presence at the trumpeting forth of the new iilgh winds. Outward t>ound vessels, including the populationVocalists, under the direction of HORACE WATERd,.by thejBDileal acqaisitioB of the Guard. An acquhdUon, Southern steamers, delayed their departure until yes- bdaed! I«adwere the acclamations with which terday morning.* Those coming into the Hartwrwbdch were ;crowded witli thebut such was their construction, that notJaaalfestlag their ardent interest In the courted corpsslipspoorer classes of theecxearncbiseehsacdotmtmetbnece at par-interfere towialtlhsetchteiornarlespective ainsdtilnuftaivansrthe new bead was greeted, as, led by its chef,found great difficulty in reaehlnjg their The piers.De-Soto and NtukviUe were obliged to have the as-dwellingsDr, Marah Conttnnes to Apply hIa Sadleal- on the eve of the Birth ofeare Truss with saccegs, lu eLlecting permanent cures Waahington, TUB30AT,wKM 1Xx. C. S. OaAroLLA, aad habited in itsform, it was marshaled with military precision on togreat thecuted, and the that followed, with applause comparedby steam-tngpilot-boats Mo$ti H. GrinntU, No. 1, and Watkington,plan extensively adoptedonly;;;that which had preceded, was as thunder to theportantprevents percolationllaRSH A CO., No. 2 vssay-st.. Astor Hooae, Nsw-York.elegantuni-sistance of a and the schooner EUanor is now steam-tug,Ladies waited Feb. 21, 1660, which will be addressed by eminent spsah*B. ComweU, wliilea selection from " Attila"—had been exe- carried ashore on Governor's Island. She was after-beating uppiece— wards towed off the SattUiU. Thett* stage. Then all wasdeepattentloB until the firstretention of bathing rupture,No.- 4, which camething was a success. All that the Band performed noon, report that the gale was very severe outside.of water be- tween the floors. This is often effected by arching the floors and roofs with hollow bricks, slightly wedge-shaped,setInPortlandcement,theriseofthe arches being from three-fourths to one Inch per footsurgical appliances scientifieally applied, byrolling of a drum. Everybody war satisfiedupto the after- City yesterdayin as* fbrMENDING EVEBYTHINO.;of MarylandthaThe best CesESntduringtherestoftheeveningconfirmedthe ABzkabkableWill.—ThewillofMr.JoBif verdlct,andBatchelor's Hair Dye, Wigs and Tonpaas.— Tbls celebrated establishment is removed to No. 16 Bond-ttt. Twelve private rooms for tbe appUcation of bis Hair Dye. the beat extant. BATCHELOR'S WigsHon.GEORGEBRIGGS,Manufacturedby . . I. B. LEI, Newark. N. J.from was Quarantine,ers,a single life was sacrificed.In the improved construction offor the attention buildingsof elevating men to office who will administer the Gov- emxoent in the spirit of its founders, are Invited to join in a Mass Meeting, to beheld at the Cooper Institate,laboringclasses InEngland,to which renderingPURSES, BRUSHES, ACC0R6B0N8, he.- 1* the atteaOon of bayert is reepeettaHy sniltitad,thefireproof has received much consideration, and thegiven,subjectofofHerciaor Rn»tare,atNo. 3Tesey-5t.pon by a femals In private rooms. Tmtsea of extryincmdineEon. HUMPHREY MARSHALL,of Kentucky Hon. THOMAS A. R. NELSON,of Tennessee Hon. J. MORRISON HARRIS.KASLEV WATERPROOF PRBPAKED GI.VB.Independent of itsWATERPROOF QUALITIZBobject,but nication of sound and thesilk slastic anklsts, and aU stockings,knee-caps,ttadnna corpe. which came later on to theby Onim-Major David GxAaAH, played to the acoom-y.«i»rt««« of pleatifol praise. Mesdames Couox andnaaxoaca, aad Messrs. Snaiui and Amodio, in solo bequest of $300,000 to the City of New-York, for the on the span. The arrangements are such as to ren. and Toupees have improvements over all. Thia la the stionngailngairs by Dr. CHSApRaLngalSedGCILMKTTE._^1 qpartatta, conttlbated vastly to the pleasure ofs?.at was created amoag the mem- bats of the Seglaaent, on Saturday, by the an- liBiiBi laaiiBl that a toumJUt aad pressing Invitationeducation in agriculture of Indigent white children. The condition is that a corresponding sum should be appropriatedbytheCity,orraisedbycharitablecon- tributions, for the purchase and support of a farm inder the floor and roof arches a continued series of abutments to each other, excepting at the extremi-only place where these are properly undtrstood and made.CHAINCET W. MOOKE,!ARNICA LINIMENT It prepared by oeBbinlBg Arnica with aef th*stage,Ross,retired merchant of this City, whose deceaseand others are whohaveacceptedinvitations expeetal*ledawas announced some weeksA. B. SANDS AA fnltaa-et.. M. T. CO., gent*,ago,of the "Star Banner." and othse na-makes a conditional'An feakara of tbe will be las interesting meetingties, where are tJieytied in with inchironrods,se-neflanrePalamanderSafes.—ROBBKTPAT-it la witfaonteeasd BUEUMATISM. BBI7ISCS, SPRAIirhim,the extra cost of the fire-proof construction, beyondN. B.—Delegates from (his State and sister Slates, ,Ia IIn tbe side or breast, »or« throat, Ac, yield taanotdeeoriptlonpermanentcured I<» stone or cast-Iron It Is stated that iprlngers..\f. RICK. Solf manufacturer of [tie above celebrated Saf«3, and I'aleut I'-iwder-Proof I>cfiance Locks and Cross-thathvmanflashIsheirto,secures this Im- atthesametimecommu- ges,, bad beaa extaadad by the Joiat Commitne af Con- the nelghliorhood of New-York, to be devoted to the that witii the ordinary combustible material, did not Barj. Also. Fire and RurKlnr Proof Siii.-ltoJird anil who sympathize with tha sentiments of the above c«B, fRpSreaahAviaglachargethearrangementsforthein- educationandtralnlngtoagriculturalpursuitsofpau- exceedonepercent. ParlorHafes.fi.rSilierria'.i-..S:c. DcpulKu.lis 51ur- areInvitedt«bepresent.butBtfRDSALL'SoriginalsxUtl*. SaidhFaffclM gttts. Priee26oeats.-angoiatlaB of Mills' Stataa of WAsanraros at the per children. If this purpose be not carried out theAmong the many tenement houses in this City ray-st., corner of College-place.visited by the nTlter, he knows but one, where, in case of fire, the Elm-street tragedy may not be re- enacted with fearful aggravations—that Is the "THKMOSTBKILLIAKTNOVELhTTK EVER PUBLISHED.WILL BE COMMENCED IN THENEW-TORK KBRCirRT, FOR UARCH 3. ENTITLES"THEEIFTANDTHESPRAT."MARRIED. Lawboit—Walxbe.—In this City, on Tuesday, Feb. M,by Kev. Dr. Mitchell, Ltwis H. Lawbos to Miss Ascsis A. Walibb, daughter of the Ute Thos. Walker, all of this City.Pattibsoij.—Pamoix.—In Brooklyn, on Wednesday, Feb. 15, by Rev. Mr. Davis, of Flatlands, L. I.. Jobs H.MAaOABXT Pattiesos. of Middletown. N. J., to D.,of tbe of New-York. daughter late John Pringle,tVoaiHniGTOw—HowsLi..—In on Thurs- Oanandaigua.day. Feb. 9, by Kev. Mr. Daggett. D. D., W. Watsoh WoETBiNOTOR. of Cincinnati, to Marv Olmstxp, daugh- ter of Alexander H. Howell.long -prominent objectU.Dec. It. in their various vacations, whether lay or clerical. Mr. commented on In Its reportspossession, or of F. G. SCRIBE, No. N.Y.18THE RIfT AND TBB. SPRAY.lengthproc/,waysInjury to the building than the washing of the streetTheyaroma. For sale te the trade and retail, at Nos. 4 and 8building nearly fire-proof,poraoos m other remedies which had f»ijf4'_i>-v n -r"Nov. 2S. places there were gentlemen of recognized influeace Poor." Their defective character has often been from the residence of her parents. No. 95 West 4ad stSmesTXBrGSFORCASH ONI,T.-800THTX1MAHDdied, 8: remaia-the Uosfltal.21. Jan. 25.hold, and Injured bisresidence, No. 23i Jay-street, whereIevUa good delivery, and a most sensational style. His dis-Legislative (Jommlltees, and the friends of humanity In this and other cities. But after all that has been said and written on the evils of our tenement system, not one -radical improvement has t>ceu effected oratNo. 11 Elm St., A. C. DfllHiM. aged B6iesrs.His funeral will take place this {Monday) afternoon, at2o'clock,fromhialateresidence. Kisrelativesand friends are respectfully invited to attend without further in GreenwoodAt a considerable expense he has fitted up an oyster l>ar; so that persons who may preterit, can psrtaii.- of them raw. ofWe%Srn bSver. ^ill find my sto^ tt ^^XlStt >« tbe Whulesale Crus line eitennve ud eS*BT—>lafe. I^iMa from ten to tii^enty Perj:ent^belowtiia* naM Sal**Dee. 26. He has a deep, resonant, well-modulated voice,eveningDj'fAnieatSenhetie^,it.,JI««-Totk._ H4»BT-HOjBSfittb*u>ds,IJth.*.l« of seven dlfferenlHe was conveyed ke lies inat No. 12 West Twenty-sljth-street, while passing throughHammond-street, and sUpped on the ice,health and life of others, and of the in-HENDRICKSON. BLAKE No3.21and23AiiaBt.....BeidostCoaa, residingthe itnowledge possessedof theirStryker.— . I kaaadat b*KASAZIRBB,so thatAaih. ShewuremovedtotheMew-Yorkat the nature Mdextent of Uils treat "•"'UAtt*WXi1 o'clock.Sold everywhere. »V.WBwPt-.W,W«JAPANESE POLISH iwirt«»tS«4iW.«afU<ii«^ViaiSBiaHMwww.fultonhistory.comspine.withthe (Condition of thealso by the Press, by DUMHAM.—In this City, on Sunday, Feb. 19. suddenly,UnitedBuncan Loudon.. Jan. 8. bentficence of the Rederoptioa and the glory of hss not been without its benefits. Besides drawing Cemetery. Deceased liad been rymannefro,rtheNew-Yorkexperienchefeels confldeiitof_foot of Beek- fell through the hatchwayfutilityholders are so utterly reckless of the com-'J"';Dof mere effjrt plillanthropicANOTHER SOUL-STIRRING ROMANCE NEW-YOHK MERCURT FOB MARCHTHE RIFT AND THE SPRiY.themoral suasion to effect the desired reforms. Ifmonstratedorproperty-fort, morals,terests of the community, as to persist, as they have liitherto done, in erecting and letting such defecdv*Untitled Documenttadaemttbutjuatloethataw olicomstanem Aoold b«the benefit of oaa of theattended, with permlaalon of tha PacoUy, by themembers of thethe same where her mother once gravewhere her father now lies. MissioWAET Meetiro.—AFoan. formerly Church to China, delivered a farewell address. The mdnts we pronounce, unhcBltatlngly and unequivocal bis age.at which Rev. W.about to depart as a Missionarv of theinteresting occasion, gether a large ana interested congregation.For Edbope.—The steamer City of Wtuhing-tan, (Br.,) whiah was to have left onLiverpool via Queenstown, was detained at her dockcharge to aecount shall berenderedefallMoaaisow, who, with wife, istermsrested,andTO MKBIBaBTB AarvnaALaaa isforagreement. I. They shaU agree that allIa issue ofgrati-drawing of the Delaware State LeMery, do tha (ellswlng are the nnml>ers draVn Ibis dayDELAWARE LOTTKRIIS.Extr* Clan, Ne. S3, Fe». IS, UN.72, J2, 4, 60, 42, 11, 2», 6, M, S8, 67, 24.that$1,000paidtoany persongoods, togetherlarge aasoHaaatatforthe8AanlTersary Concert—THE SABBATH"^HUGHES,DUPCTScsignin which;their connection with tliefacts of the case, stated witbont exaggeration or"have been circulated that fiarejvuidoilcae.tions of (Joilege law were becoming fre- quent ;" and again, that the classes were dismissed for refusal to attend recitation." Both these statA-Yours,Haaglnc la General aad Hanging BIra. Har- tuncIn Partlcalav*'i'?''^' tJ^iK unltbrm and liberaf setUameato aU who inbicrlbe this P'^*"TM""""anthe columns of thatexecution of Mrs.Courier is so urgent to have enforced. With my poor comprehension, I cannot,certify :is controversy,! ihcnld i)ring new salts -gniatt' cheats in defiance of the order made by iheMeJIficationfessing^^of or proprietythe deliberate to choking,to denounce and counteract such heathen Ideas as were promul-gated yesterday by the Courier and Enquirer,A SUBSCRIBER.withsgae, rheaaatlsm, and all sores aad paiss.11ISCHOOL belonging to tne Norfolk-Street MethodistCRBHANeX. No. 341 BEOAOWAT,; 7Esoq'.clocDko.orsTiocpketneesd25atce6not'scleoacckhsonage and at the door.;atenmdpts topolicy, opposed parties,always readyafBIotedI propose to cheek and etieetaally dltslnateforIrusssa, lupporiert, shoulder-braces, luspensory banda-'Murray-st.,Mrs. Sabah Wobaii. widow of th&late Wm. "W of her ajce.Bl- 'j^S»Ti»if^ifefu- neral, at tbe house of her son-in law, Mr. B. V. Haugh- wout, No. 100 East llst-st., on Monday next, Feb. M, at.A».- st"jSok.bon»* tertt.ImposslbnitTFULTON-ST., Brooklyn.As troly fascinating as tbe beantifol photographic Philadelphia,^nn.TheRobert Bonner, of the yew- York Ledger, was yesterdayi Concave. styles.;to the fiery ordeal, ban delivered up its oontants witlrout thelossofasingledollar. Experienceteachesuswe want no other Safe but yours.WYNKOOP, HALLENBKCK A THOMAS.;,__ the sick, because if these things arc so. all are alttawasFirst blockREPLETE WITH INTEREST.IS MR. URBAN'S NEtV TAtE OF THE RIFT AND THE SPRAY,external remedy of tb* pre ared fTeas th*age, p laeiiaHast eldest dasghter Pries,N. H. services at tbe rastdeaceaf her anat, Mrs,dMlneatiag tbeFoan —At Boston, on Friday. Feb. 11, Col. Nathakisi,1All who are in favor of upholding the Union, the 0«&- rights of the several States inviolate, resisting all »-FRENCETaND 0HINE8EFAN8.iniSILK NETS, COIFFURES, AND BEi3)-DRI FANCY HAIR PINS AND 0OMB3—new atvlSB.ef SLIDESANDBUCKLJB. sted.pearl,jat MftgOiGILT AND STEEL JEWBLRT.DRESS BUTTOrC SABTUE8. OUABD CHAIH&CHESTER DRIGGS, E. J. BBOW.V,D. HENRT BAIGHT, SIMEON BALDWIN.Committee i ofArrangement*. Jaad penetrating veiwtabfe oil. Fora successful business. Ingnire of D. M. 8TB0SB, inopening etiaptoza of Mr. Uiban'stpleadid Rinsreases.BEST in use for serving tha coffee aad retaining the;GEO. C.have been disappointed.Ths death of Judge Inceisell aad Ghe tiaw ttat haa,TRIBUTED BT MB. BUTLER TO THE INDEPEN- masses themselves being Jadgea. "M Idonetpropoeetoearseverydlsasas.batanaaak*Retailed by CASWELL A MACEFRANK HEGEMAK A CO.; J. A. C.1 will sell at very low piices, SECOND-HAND Dash Collars, Centrss, Branch;of New-York,__Iall ACHES AND PAINSlowingD.';l,i^'i f^TloS'S^l^^o^r'to'iSve'^store, or in port, or that be received laajrWe were that Mr. *-' surprised Day, after the fttUI—iBg of tbe cause on Bill asd Answer In the Unttsd fdples,is,therefore,applicabletoihsearaar ';deafness, hsadtflin. neufSa,Ac. All sufferers shouldA CO., Proprietors. Korwieht Conn. For sale by IM. >TUETISirAETSTSIIIOTB;PAIB.1 totH Dimes thrse sizes on lettker. Samples scat by aail,lynlstb.«wwSa goods nowonhaaLlaen receipt cf 2& cents.sarnes a PARE, 13 a is PAax-aav, M. T.are now prepared to offer to the trade a large aad 1 s*lect«d assortment ofPARIS FANCY GOODS,:cawla Beware of ooontarftits, andbvasaa aojpllcatioas.I9IF0RTANT PHOTOGRAPHIC FACBMT CASK.All persons interested in tha beaatltal art sflkBla-arerespect.ally iBMtattk*Oaapac reqoMtadt*Feb. at P. to consider the beat mode tatt- 21, 7!i M., afing certain patent claims, wbiob ar* a fraud apoa thaphotographic profession and destraetive to tha progrtsa of this beantilM art.M. T. HERCCRT FOR MARCH Stai* City who w*re cursd by this arucle, after trylag aa^RICHAL CO.,,b»a-j«h—S.IBLAKB A U>N6. No*. Sand* An.*!.,jI' Thomas M. Tryniski 309 South 4th Street Fulton New York 13069 