 •** *».rnlgarstrook Whatd > I «Wffllam Khedden from America, and that one of the ser- vante spoko of him aa "the young laird of Rougbwood."The Oourt adjourned before toe observations upon this part of the caseThere are no pecuniary interest* direcUy affected by this suit, though there is, we believe, about £30,000 in- directly involved.'s subsequent statements. It was Patrick had no doubt bnt that the; would have accepted the guardian- Patrick felt that there was aat 8*0.006. Tbe Prussian Minister bad not tm making a treaty with the Japanaar government.PEE***,* G , Dec. 6,1666.»alM m their diimi—1 and received their gratuity, and make himself a lawyer, and accordmgly a lawyer he bo- comes. We must add to this a striking countenance, amust apologise for my long silence. I am now going to Coutts, expressive of her deep sympathy for the lady'squit this world. I have married Miss Ann Wilson, which position, and congratulating her on the seal she has die- waaa"tutor. Mr.Orwwford.wbo be thought that thaj judg- ons was a strong one, and one by toe House of Lords-thought IIStates—OfietrtifUu P«KjJlctywdrmflswgatog—Ifcafca, Weaker, att.—jtostoas eato*Bailroad, toe.Tbere has beea no further intelligence received hem*mpert• satritat* tbo of tbaaburch fronts, exhibited the highest degree of decarat. i, art sad design, and were, of eoorae, great attraottoas «» sJaassasM, Wbaatbeaayrtedaof jampa aurroandtag ti>jfof the North, threatens to secede, and to assume a posi- tion of isolation which will, in reality, give her about as much dignit v m the family of American nations as toopresented, left only $400, £90 or £00 a year, to the virtu - ew* and excellent woman to whom he had been married Cor years, aad the only one of the children, the girl, whofulness of matrimonial oohabltation without the sanc- tion of the church, because Mr. Shedden well knew that his cohabitation with tbe mother of the petitioner wouldVenetia will be revindicated and this revindication will, to case of need, be sustained by the force of arm6I n t i r n a t i o n a l E x h i b i t i o n o f 18«». [From the London Times. Nov. 2 8 ]tha «•which bad been accepted by them, and which have ooa nested, ibe two irate referred toliabilities. Theressifiaatteusat toe excited tome eoarttneuo*, aye' statedor. • '*writestotheLondonThm statingthattoeiagto "apibT.efhas dsesrvsd wet ef toeHpHH MaW eervtoe by wUlhegrant- Iters| O r Sor 11*1 . ofN^vembeMT^jpllMlrfoF i ItsjitJi in Southern Italy, ooMBWdedDjrUtodjal,"ntosavtoE . * • » * ••Mi Oa. .,<8J0WWB^W TM<p ^^^to eas^M* IW6M6J^^^S» W MB ^ ^ P ^nw^SMt •eMtsMMsa • • • I * ' OnSaE*^ a* fP"i*I for the expenses of the Journey equal to three PJaaW pari that UM volunteers who wish to remain•army mutt enter Into the engagement fcr twoMM, aad AM IMM officers leaving -.he' and make him a militia captain oat of a mo- freak, because he is the most popular and plt't- »;ia tW'Mew astern:" ab ordiaary man wouldbegtebeexel»setfaoampaignagalnsttbe''Bblclc^Llwlc8;• but the storekeeper to an instant accepts the comm ui 1. If is with the same self-coun-iouce that when his storehouse, owing to a fraudulent porta >r, fails himg yon of hit marriage toMost af•re menjoying tktEtoiiWos with the proceeds. commanding person, a good manner, properly combining ha* organised,or is soon to be, fur self-possession and heartiness, and we see at once a unaof constructing a railroad traversing the who has prodigious powers of making his way.is approved of by my friends here, and which restoies ted, through filial piety, by advocating the rights of her aad two fine children t have by her to honor and r father, a prisoner to the Queens prision. to establish credit. I have settled all my affairs, and appointed ex- bis legitimacy as the representative of his ancestor to ecutors here who will correspond with you. One of my America, who, she insisted, had not test his rights as ament oftost would bewfca inW S M M BSS^erelg^aaSton^of all institution? to I tortj^dBOMI<aawa«ai««M*M«uaNEW* P%m wwmukADA. •Wat. Hope a^Co....Wesad^^ggglfgg^^has to cross la America it is quite dif- i T powwJ&lBoT'W T ^ n a t epaperslength, oneof aawteto^gtoWhebaSJSILIaa?'^^sa• I wawsaw sataaanaaa-i vt *** Il :P^^f *Hr^^w'sPWW S&i,flffl•wWTW^eKF if*""Rwe nave not your man or one, bat he may •pare hunjwlf the labora of ambition; h j may be quite sure that he Is born to be a drudge. Mr. Uncoto*can do anything be set* hte* mind to, partly from natural pliability, jpW^Sf an Immense power o f diing his attention Onwhateverisbeforehim. Hestartswithouteventhe. wamaoo sduoattenof a vlltege aehooiboy; six weeks of a Iogbouse acbool when he was aixteen was his first aaij hurt experience of a acbcolmaster; bat be IS seen after wardsgivingfifty*mmuteaoffixedsad absorb?*attri- tion out of his midday hour of relaxation,after som^ haatiiyswallowedmoutbfula,tobisbook. Therjnsclous-Wir7Wi.Bf" arf] ilJuHL^u*. —i•-•~w—.vww inn»AiinvJCASE.oflegiti- •aaa^a,^aa•aas^^aaawnra^^BBnsw*^-"*- Q.C.7DT. S j a S ; f C ^ M ^ P o w e u ' f o r therrep^d^teTand' MT.its noBroraiJaeaian -jwr-^*' *to»,hatelathe some uni:ef the 'ilatof thia power gives htm oonfidenoe. Mo knows ha can get up anything be likes, "Ibe, 'boys' catch him bypea bad received my father'si is i w i i l i gf•—ill for travelling ruanwsiia equi-(*>; Aatherewerequiteanam andleaveshimelevenhundreddollarsindebt,hj« M r i , 0 l , 3 ^ t L W - . a ' V^^at, and formerly clerk toMr. Wm. Patrick, put in a great number of documents,amongstwhtehwasthefollowing,onwhichtherespond- MaaShannon,whohasperaonaBy,whencounselre-,Ei——«•thatmarriageaadathewas JabajatmSatoteattoimasntoffryQwtmmmtJtrcaiCM brotherRobert,who.totheeventofthe^fSJgfJSAthe avilsaf a saaaiaaaan. Bhicb •uaat are* a Careaar, then a trader earsaof slavery, whichis squally ahSgfiggr*what be regarded aa ihad' "beafsomettmeerepudiated by tbe petitteaar " jatt as itfellows the hint which aa accidental look inu entsgreat!vrely:— tiredfromtheconductofthecase,advocatedtherightsMi of Itaarlllsewlto Garibaldi this may interest anxious abookonsurveying giveshim. Heknowshecanratki „_' _ NxwYoax,MOT.12,Vm. oflegitimacyofherfatherintheproceedingsnowbeforefrteads. I ha?e beard that many of the volunteers have himself a surveyor to no time. Again, he knows b> c 11 Mr Vxay Baua Narbxw—My long and painful illness the Court of Probate—received a latter from Miss Burden•togIllegitimate,wouldbetheheir,he frrottenq/JawtosneVactatop ftoaili«*War'fa" ust in hia brothers absence. Mr. StntatimCtumd by the Fotturttf Again tm tktTfmtuMS ing more than thrice the population of any other city— professions, in thia way—that. Inasmuch as there is no the Patrick and Sneddon families who were in Americ t the marrfage have been a secret oner The only reason ,66k and will itnsiiliiaa liiittiii anal nf H I fin a way out of a profession when a man ia one* in, he con between 1790 and 1798, be admitted that the law of mar- they had law attempted tesuggest was that Mr. Wilson.portion ef the year, until such time aa tha tents himself with an advance in the arts and facilities riage m New York was, as stated by the petitioner's wit- the father of tbe bride, objected to tbe match because the revwate maydeterminewhether Borne ia, ortenot. ef that one profession. Itto hard work at first, because nesses—namely, that ue official or ecclesiastical ceremony difference between her age and the age of Mr. Sheddention yesterday. Tbe Judgment is against Mies Shedden, whose petition was dtemiaaed by tbe tribunal. It ia not our intention to oJI*r any opinion here upon this decision,principally of the various officials of the State, the foreign consuls, and a large number of officer* from tbe Amer- TT~ and rTnrliirisjlga ~r rtr to toi harem, sastolteg tho"IB.„ 1 5 ili •»'•« »'•..»•. .|esir^BBaw«T^pjB';d1860.-TKIFL8who wwo opposed to Mr.S^«te*sead^b^^of teawrraaateaary,an.Utinayref*,iof dteunkm has sot taken suchr at one time was imaginou.i>»';:;;|.f 4t~"''-.igs-.j,'stated as to habit and repute, he shotUdprovc. ^ f e r t t t ^ Wetotbepst,. June,1797,aconveyancewascxneutedefoertattf Patrick m »O0,' 183*, 183» and 1841, oftoadneat New York to Ann Wilson, that this toW for t i e purpose of explaining and wfettled to her ,- wrat • use upon her m»rrlage wil _ e petitloner'sstateaksnt withrespectte cent, to Januai* . 17f>, and that sho conveyed it1801. Tha kuf ne«i counsel then proceeded toupon the evl- duo. given at New York to support of tbe tnadebyanoldmannameditobattStevena^,^aavi petition. ^W. T. Ootemac fcCo. 40006 J. Strauss, Bro.Jt Co 87,009Now, as we say, it is obvious what a clear gain "Ame-continent and Sicily, and connecting with rican institutions" are to a man of this aspiring mould of children ia a boy named William Patrick" Sheddcn. They British subject. Tbe letter was accompanied with a tain any doubtstate tribunal. As to the from Bogota, Santa Martha or Carthagema—toe three greatthere, no one could entertax tte wonderful, acute points or interest just st tote taao since taiaaBtagof thaetherItalianroads.Suchanimprovementwingiveamindjoinedtosashaateoadenta.Suchantecedentsmistarecharmingchildren—heinparticular.Ihaveor-checkfor£200forMissShedden'suseduringtbepro-andteamedease byLordBrougham—teststeamerforNewYork.Themailisdoehereontbodered my executors to tend him to you. (A number of bills remitted are then enumerated, the whole amounting to £417,16s. 8d.) I desire that such further sum or sums of money may be appropriated for toe purpose of maintaining and educating him genteelly, and accordingwith the towns and villages of ita been. The idea would never have entered iato ling, without the consent of my executors, of whom you been submitted to it.environs, and I preaume these would not have Mr. Lincoln's head. Tho venerable looks of the are to. be totally independent in this business. I san The Judge Ordinary said they had now arrived at thegreat impetus to the fHgWW of these provinces, for given to public I belteve there a n no rail- excepung two or three abort lines, oonneotiaghave been a fatal drag upon Mr. Lincoln in any couatryof theOid World, at least in its normal condition, andwithout a revolution to disturb it. Would tho professionof the law, for example, have boon practically open t j anex-farmer, ex-bargeman, ex-storehoosekoeper, ex-landsurveyor to this country t It would not hav to his talents and inclination, not exceeding £600 ster- once to pronounce sentence upon the questions which badthe only' one bHouse of Lords,must be chargetrick to plunder tlBr. Patrick having far drawn up for the 7th, by which important news is expected from all partetoe mere surmise, ha of toe confederation, and whteh, to all probability, wUl having assisted Mr. PaThe charge of fraud against enable us to determine whether the government or revc- iutionists are to succeed in tbe present stroggte.been constructed ware there not royal palaces sages of the law, their wigs, their ermine, the divinity feolkmate uncle.which hedges to a Judge, the proud traditions of the pro-WILLIAM SUKDDENlast stage af this very singular inquiry, an inquiry the length and complexity of which had canted tha Court to feel to a very considerable degree the responsibuiry thatntCnarrtaandPortici, to both of which potato there areintelligence from toe State of Canon istpstUug thathe former, ptoantftto policy is to extend Its in- professional ascent Is open to a man after trying ever soand acquire at teas* a'•toe hold''mall parts of many previous lines, where there is no barrier to k wp The original was not forthcoming, and the authenticity ofi> tetfaattofMIoutsuddenvisiters,whereitisnotnecessarytomako thedocumentisdisputedbythepetitioners.i habitable globe and the home government will lend your choice before you are twenty, but where you have Mr. Collier tendered lioytft List for the purpose ofouly add that I remain till death, dear William, your af-BatatoaShedde%w»ai>otn''<"*•%#Wil " li nil Engliah steamer Anne, from Buenaventura, whteh latter and was consequently not a natural TRMjh British subject. port she left on the 26th, the government hat reeeived4*j)b*ajSjnJte«nniaBwa<tt, sw.lt willteaagnratea new era sad augamw toe j e ^ ^ u y of thasa provincessteps wot be taken to increase the means yf i by sea between tbo different porta of thethe time of transit, re torto reach thia city, thoughatLeghornsadCtvitaVecchia. ordinarystimulustoexertionIsofferedtooneclassof tettersof1798wereamongthedocumentsdestroyedwhen wasnotaquestiondependinguponnicelybalancedevi- shewasconvincedshewouldhavetomournandlament'-fVr-°iM>»~*r"-~-areplacedonthothe Royal Exchange was burnt down. dence, but it was one upon which they, had all been ena- Their lordships rejected the evidence. bled to cotoe to a moat clear and unhesitating judgment.This being the close of the evidence in support of the Tbe question was simply this: Had a marriage to factover that course of conduct which had embittered the from tbe tyrant Mosquera." The bulletin makes no men- latter days of an aged man, who. for a period far exceed- tion as to the whereabouts ef Mosquera.ing an ordinary life, had been loved and honored; whose previous accounts given by the revoiuuootets, to integrity had beea impeached through her instrumental- effect that he was within twelve leagues of Bogota, at lity,andwhobadbeensubjectedtoarelentlesspersecu- headofalargeforce,turnouttobetrue,bemaytion which bad been carried on by unfounded aspersionsi. _^Has the distance will be accomplished la about thirty hours direct, not stopping en route. Ibissatisfactiontotravellers,forthoa very dteagrsoabto one now. TinA travel, the natural sequence of tho ofapeople,wiQsupportadailyline,and lamed aa soon aa the requisite measuremen.whteh la not offered elsewhere—we mean to thatclass which Is eonscioos of great powers, but has theaccount given by Mr. Patrick as to the transmission of the latter of the 12th of November, 1798, aad of its duplicate and triplicate. .Intimate knowledge which she had displayed with every fact, matortel er immaterial, connected with tha history of bar family, and the singular tact and dexterity whteh she had atoi a nto the management of her case, entirely relieved the Court from any apprehension on that score.for years and years with the unhesitating confidence Parte' troops are to Panita, Toloro and Tteaa Blanco.«to form a part thereof. In the latter event. Mantes will no every new material is difficult, aa being n w . but as was necessary to create a marriage, but that the fact of a was too great; and then it was said that immediately whteh baa beenerrived at after lengthy aad mature deli- commanding ofiteer of tbe United States Pacific squadron, bethecapital,or,ateast,_theprincipalresident soonasaptitudeisaequiredtheprofessiona!manhai marriagewhichmightbeprovedbyhabitandrepute aftetthiasecretmarriagethepartiescohabitedtogether beration,andwhichilmaybepresumedisinaccordance metattbeGovernmentHouse,byinvitationoftbeno- Kingandcourt.ItwillbepolicyforVictorEmi-tolerablystraightsalung,andthencorneathedispositionwassufficientThecamtowhtehthepetitionerspledge1asmanaadwife,downtothedeathofthepetitioner'Withtheevidenceadduced.Wecannotrefrain,however.vernor,andproceededfromtharetoabodytotheOabnVsuil n riairt' hare, aa by aa doing he will gratify his now to repose to the pleasant exercise and command of themselves was ibis:—A gentleman of character an I father: that in the meantime everybody knew of it: and from expressing to the strongest manner our sympathy do, where several patriotic addresses were deli- Bte, and. in case any disturbance takes place, his arts and knowledge already acquired. Tua real position equal to that of Mr. Sbeuden lived near New York, that Mrs. Shedden visited and was visited by the ladie with Miss Shedden, independently of this result. From vered in commemoration of tbe day, after which, wouldImatteriialy aalid in calming the excited cle- activity of mind is mor« on the surface than be aaeato. UII itaeuandaeOrsrtfood that ha intends to remain in his |ow, because the main struggle with th* ob- asw provinces till January, dividing his time between structive matter is over. But America?* active lu<»of New York. Bat what a strange reason to give fo the guests were invited by the Oswttater to par* keeping a marriage secret. If Mr. Wilson objected t first to test she has acted to a manner to command take of a sumptuous collation. A national satate waa his daughter being married to Mr. Shedden because h universal admiration. Her energy and perseverance fired from tbe American ships-of-war in port, by"order ofbeaoraute courtship, and *» only objection that could b<iaBciry sad thai city. Tho general etectioa fbr the new Par is restless, because, as new material to ,be mastared raised to the match was that of ner youth. Time and re was too aid, would be be reconciled to tan idea of be have been beyond all eulogy. Deprived at the Flag Officer Montgomery. Altogether the day was veryJtement takes place the latter part of December. comes in with every new profession, whirea man can go flection removed the dutteolty. the lady and her father cohabiting with him -without being married, so fax commencement of tbe case' of tbe assistance appropriately observed, and the ceremonies conductedbad It will meet the middle of January, by which time she June win have returned to Turin, to be ready for Uu>on changing from one profession to another he multiples the necessity for conquest, and keeps up the struggle for life, and the moat arduous part of that struggle, farat matters that will come op before the Chain B9ua>rtant9anC«"'**"•~*—*ligbtawerearrant-' bealaveryjmAtheslavetrade. Butthemeresepara- beenproduced,foritwaseitheriathepetitioner'spos- unclethafactthatbisfatherhadalwaysintended tion of South Carolina wiH disarrange the entire machin- session or bad been destroyed by him. But, fortunately. him t<i have the Roughwood property, and that hei . there being sixteen arches erected o r . - . only typify the transplantations of American in-own: that sbe received the visits of William Shed- 1849 be had never had the slightest imimation that any public, if we mistake not, will ratify this opinion. den in the first place at that bouse; that they marriagehadtakenplaceuntilthe ceremonywhtehwasgradually became more and more acquainted: that she performed on his father's death bed! But this was not T h e W a r i n V e n e t l a .occasionally visited at his house, and at last, during the all. He went on to say:—" Moreover my sister told me (Translated from tbe Paris Patrie, Nov. 27, for the Nxw latterpartof hislife,tookupherresidencetherealto- in 1829,when shementioned thiscircumstancetome, YORKHERALD.]gether ; that (here was no pretence for saying there was that a woman was still living who was present at We have just received the following despatches fromnow fully due.ThesecessionmovementintheUnited Stateshasosea* sioned a profound sensation here, particularly among tha naval officers attached to tbe Pacific squadron. TJeut. Jno. R.Hamilton,oftheWynattog,aadseaaftopteteOssiral Hamilton, of South Carolina, has tendered bte resignaties) to the Secretary of the Navy, through tbe Flag Officer.i and ia the two adjoining squarsa. Ike artn ' tellect, the constant breaking of new profession 11 _iroyalpaiaoewasone hundred andfiftyfc11i two wings ef sevaaty-five feet each. In fror>' | ground, and the uninterrupted succession of now pots;aa fainting,representingthe King on bora - • tioas and opportunities which convey the Mississippi IKW, asceneinVenice,andseveralsmallon-i boatmantothedignityof theWhite House. Ifthenew i aad sides, exhibiting various acenes and event - system has ita advantages, however, the old one has itethe view ef retting rid of their liabilitiea to Seatatii of WilliamShedden.Itwasclearthatatthdeath he was deeply indebted, and his estatesulveat. to aaftttton to the, evfctenoe hel lre w.I' vherX? «'Sery" £ b e b Utt?Huatetterreferredtowasthaoaeseattothepetitioner.aw^a.v *jn asas^^w^pi^rj • .son aaas? a^ww* ^aat^aa*air.. ^^a^HS^s^^^^a^^fqatof " a ^ t o l ^ a ^aaawaproceedings.JUDGMENT AOAIN9T MlfiS SHEDDEN. Kjtn tbe London Chronicle. Nov. 28.], Q. C , havtog concluded his reply, tha Court, after a few minutes' adjournment, proceeded atOnewordastotaepnaMantowhtoh "the option of turning experience and growth of intellect, showing what vessels bad arrived at Greenock from Newthrough whatever prevkKischanneaiderived, at once, when York in the beginning of 1799, in order to controvert the duct the cause without the assistance of counsel; but tbe the case, it was clear that she had dwelt upon it by General Cordova, who have to ell som«7,090 troops.fession, would have forbidden the aspiration. At a cer- Attested—Joict Mnxs.Mo doubt both the English and Neapolitan go- practice at oaoo with us, however clever be may bo. handwriting—"New York, MDvamber 12,1796. Duplicate stances, however, which somewhat dlmtnlshad that feel-| ,roads, and also to Casteltemare, where there is a royal tain time it is too late to begin. A man does not leap into Thi* document was endorsed—tat Mr. Wm. Patrick's rested upon them. There were two or three circum-n a ^ g £ » H^h&*"«v.-fsneied wrongs until be had teat bis facultyment, but the.course he had pursued had been such must totally exclude him from sympathy. Tdt the fe- male petitteaar he (Sir & Cromwell) did feel mostoperation* of tha army, of (he ffoMfrBp cfnratrt, watch, n* correct*, Weald setov-to latere tote little doubt of ttTradition dictates the patronage of solicitors, and vetoes i a ill give encouragement to the contemplated experiments, to a country, however, where a successfuloriginal by ship Fanny via "Greenock." Another copy, pui porting*to be a tripticaU$|aiid also containing tho word "signed," before Mr. SheddeVa name, was likewise read.tog. In tbe first place tbe evidence bad been givensomewhat slowly, and so much immaterial matter hadbeen mixed up with what was material that.they badhad abundant time to consider tbe weight that should be deeply. He had no doubt that she had been brought ZaxbMtotoftPaste with 666 government troops f9t assignedtothelatter. Anothercircumstancethatmight uptoafuBbeliefatthatruthofherrather'astory; gan. Mosqueraissqijppa6>il,aat4heeastbyGeneral have embarrassed them was the fact that the female and from the intimate knowledge which she bad Parts, on toe north by President,fttplna,and cp. tbe sooth petitioner bad been left for*a considerable time to con- shown of every particle of evidence connected withyou like. into the most dignified and elevat Lig channel—where all this to sanctioned and encouraged by publicopinion, and a man creates no prejudice against himselfas a pushing aad presumptuous aspirant by such acourse, but rather a feeling in his favor as a man of pro-per spirit, who is only turning to account the advantages in Great Britain. It was made up from letters received Besides, a portion of tbe evidence bad been given, andof the state of society in which be lives—where this ia from agents at the ports announcing the arrivals. The tbe whole had been very ably commented upon by an ex thaorderofthingsiaacountry,apowerful.andextra-agentwouldineverycasekeepabookofentries.ThepertencedjmunsaLLastly,theCourtfeltthatthecaseunabletoobtainaremedy—apositionsadenough.If"itteundoubtedthatthisfinecountry(Canon)tofraaiA clerk from Lloyd's proved that the list purported to contain the names of all vessels arriving at different portateat become interwoven with her T&CJ nature. What have arrived at Quiltehao Parte is awajtiag tbe arrival of was to be the consequence of this judgment to her? It mustdrawback of an unfavorable start and a bad introductionto Ufa. These men do not hear the words "Too late" petition, been solemnized whether with or withot religious rites,soundingintheirears,withinamoderatecompassitis Mr.Boltproceededtoopentherespondents'case.He betweenthefatherandthemotheroftheelderpetitionernever "too late" for them. They are in time long after said that the lady who had opened the petitioners' case before he Was borbr During fourteen days the Courtthe clock of oner institutions has struck. Time and tide with such remarkable skill had complained of the diffi- had had to discharge the functions of jurymen; but theywait for them. They have their chance when it would culty she was under in conducting It without professional could not content themselves with giving, likejurymen, ahavegoneunderanothersun.Theprospect,then,isan assistance,butthepetitionerhaddeliberatelychosento simpleverdictofayeorno—theyfeltboundtostatethe ticallyconcurred,aadtbedecreewasmadeaccordingly. Panamaandotherportionsofthistothmus enormous impulse.to them, because, if it is never too conduct it in the way in which it had been conducted. reasons (ram whteh they drew the conclusions to whtehthey had come. Tbe facte on whteh the esse turned -faetod. Count Cavour ia expected here ma few ate to succeed. It is never too late to exert themselves. The Judge Ordinary—You need not enter into that were not numerous. Tbe evidence given by the petitionersOn the motion of Mr. BOYill, Q. C., the petitioners were condemned in tbe costs, and certain papers which they had obtained from Mr. Patrick to the Court of Session*, were ordered to be restored to him.tranquil. .The thirty-ninth anniversary of the independent-ii Turin via Genoa, and, while at the latter city, the preliminary arrangeiaeato for that end of tbo id, when here, complete all the requisite maa- I far aa circumstances will permit.This, indeed, produces a resttessneea m the activity of question.American society which we have not in our own. So- Mr. Rolt said he would.give the Court a simple state-ciety with us Is active, but with the consciousness at the ment of facts which would admit of no doubt or disputeof tbe alleged marriage was confined to what was called habit and repute; bnt they said that at this distance of time it weald not be reasonable to expect them to supply{From the London Telegraph, Nov. 28.]By reference to our law intelligence it will be seen thatof the Isthmus was celebrated during the pato week in this pteoe, with an unusual degree of eatbt- siasm, by the native population, to which the. foreign residents pretty generally participated. On the 2stbsame time of certain bounds which cannot b J pass d. upon the evidence in any reasonable mind. After reca- better testimony of the fact. Now, the first question that is tbe metropolis of the new Italian kingdom, There is atendency.to men resting on their oars in all pitulating the relationship of the different members of suggested Itself in dealing with the cate was: why shouldthisremarkablecase, which has been so long before tbe of November (that being todnpi inteuos' Bay >. Court of Probate and Divorce, was brought to a termina- at twelve o'clock M., a prooeaeam, composedconsented, and the lnaxmge took place. Could any hu- as he knew, at all? But, again, was this the reason of counsel, she boldly came forward and pleaded her own man being believe that In 1798 all evidence of tho fact of tbe petitioner had always given- to 1833 he was to cause, and that, ton, with an ability that would have tush a martdage, openly contracted to lt90, bad complete- treaty with Mr. Patrick for the purchase of the Rough- done honor to a professional advocate. Sbe will at least ly disappeared, the lady herself, her father, and of cour. • wood estate, and in a letter of tbe 14th of June he wrote, have the satisfaction of knowing, on the authority of thein a becoming manner by a people who appear to appre- ciate the blessings of liberty.entry of Victor Tbere Is no harbor of refuge which receiVes the ac- not represented as the case of an illicit amour gradnally what is known on the subject would not be in your favor. v two grand illuminations, on the evenings of tbo oomphabed professional maa at a eartain tuna of life,.arches. trskwpareac«», statues, busta, Hags, streame- body migrates in America, and the early removal? of th) case, ft could not have been thought necessary for ths aad that he did not publioly acknowledge her on account deviotaand decorations were almost beyoad compit.. Lincoln family from Kentucky to Spencer county. from purpose of preserving the testimony of a marriage which of her humble birth, but that he nevertheless treated her tten. Tbs TobWo and the Forbs, which coaaect and run Spencer county to Illinois, from Illinois to Coles had been contracted onjy a few years earlier. The case as bis wife." If that was so, what became of tbe reasonTbe festivities were kept up until the 4th tost., in tbo way of balls, bull fights and masquerades, during all awre. baabeendulyhonored_longer.Infact,theAmericanneverkitstomse!'re-^t.tu'wtoftheiracquaintancebeingthenalive?ThisWAS"ThoughIamunabletoestablishmyrightjustnow,yet,JudgeOrdinaryhimself,thattoesuitdidnotsufferfromwhichtimenotastogiedisturbanceoccurred,evenofdJOah,beingdeferrediromthei7ibani18thou wherehesimplyoccupieshimself intheus*oftools ripening,intoafixedcohabitation,butasacontractopen IconceiveItmydutytoInformyonthatmysistertoldmo aosonat of severe norms. Extensive preairations we,•• which he has already mastered; no, be must migrate from iv entered into, with no attempt at concealment. The that my mother was a rcspeciuble young person, living made for a month «r more previous, and the triumphal his professional home to another untried soil. Every- death-bud marriage was eejte irreconcilable with this with her parents on a small farm on my father's estate,perfectly familiar with all its details. She will further-more be entitled to feel that in the exertions of her filial The following vessels-of-war are in port, vis:—TJniU.Ji ©antre of the city, were the principal potu.-; county, and from Coles county to Mtom countv,modern days, bat of these none can adduce better claims and intermediate porta. The Britato steam corvette Mu-" ••<'* -at*> "tJJ.i ii»i.I Idevotions she has done all that human eudeavor could do States steam frigate Lancaster,flagship of tbs squadron;to establish her father's claims, and that if she has United States steam corvette Wyoming, United States failed to achieve that object, her legal defeat is a moral sloops St. Marys and Cyane, and steamer Sa-victory. We have had no lack of remarkable women in ranac. The latter is expected te sail ston for Valparaisoof the respoadenta was, that in 1789 a woman named now alleged for the secresy of the match? This, by theAnn Wilson was living in New York, in a house of her way, was the letter of a man who stated that till 1848 or to sympathy and admiration than Miss Shedden, and the tine is also here, and the Pnited States sloop levant inof thia arch were very elaborate aul points of superiority too. It would require a long disn'ii- any marriage previous to the death-bed marriage, and tbe private marriage.'•' After these two opposite reasons Turin:— / ,therebeingmuchgiltwork.AnotherarcUsitkmtoenterintothemall,butitmaybementionedasthattheevidenceofhabitandreputewasutterlyopposedassignedfortbesecretmarriage,whatconfidenceThegreatestactivityreignsinthearsenals,andprepa-HeproceedstoNewYorkiatheNorth(star.tioaa Sad decotasad with admirable tast • • one advantage that life should not consist wholly of to the idea of guch a marriage. A respectable merchant could be felt to too- evidence of habit and repute* rations for the war are made all over Italy. One hundred Lieut. Reginald Fan-fax, of Virginia, who is attached to ^feawhcotor and^devicos, bad for i u leading tran- -: motion, but that there should be a little rest in It as well in New York, would prove thai to 1794. when he was 20 Against that evidence there was the testimony of Mr, and ten rqatotente of infantry will in succession be or- the St. Marys, it its understood also tendered his resigna- paroncy merely a bust of Garibaldi upon an tome;; Such a modified system may not produce the most promt years old, be was intimately acquainted with society in Neiteon, who declared that Mr. Shedden always passed ganized. The Neapolitan soldiers will be incorporated ui tion; but in view of the fact that the officers and crew ofssartet gfotsbdwork. ail the brubaat events aui nuit instances of individual elevation, bat it produces a New York, an I knew William ghedden, and that he was for a single man, and who was of much greater age than the regiments now under formation. By means of that vessel art soon to be relieved, he waa induced to assnat of the late campaign of Garibaldi, aa also that of* large amount of moderate distinction, which is thorough- an unmaxried man, Another witness who, was in tbs those witnesses who had been examined on the other those forces and other troops the Italian army will be withdraw it.MM. were represented, moat Of the street arcbes havi;i< ly enjoyed because the man has tone aad rest to enjoy it, house when William Shedden died, and had known him side. There was likewise the evidence of John Bait, able to muster three hundred thousand men inwhereas the American plan, for one great restless intel- Var several pears, would proas that Ann Wilson wab which, if Bare had not perjured himself, was exceedingly the field to May next. War is then looked upon as Mr David M. Corwta hat been appointed agent of the) JBtmsjBaoross both fronw. There were a doz.i lect which attains its complete object, has thousands wptnly and notoriously a woman of very light character; strong. If the case had stopped here he (the learned unavoidable at that time if the progressive party Pacific Mail Steamship Company at ton pteoe, the lata i colossal Btatues. some ideal aad others of living' which go through the whole carear of, restkawneas and that she insinuated herself Into U s house and resided Judge) might, perhaps, hare felt some embarrassment, triumphs, which cannot be doubted, if we consider the agent, Cent. Allan McLans, having been elected Presidentwarn,toadditiontotheonehundtvineverreachthegoal. thereash«miatresa,butthatheneverintroducedherthoughhebelievedheshouldeventhanhavebaldthatstatefoftbopublicmind.Thispartybeingtoamajorityofthecompany.that liaa the Toledo, all alike In form. Qarlands, festoo.; as bid Wife into decent society. The, whole of the do u the petitioners had not adduced sufficient affirmative evl and wreaths abounded to the utmost profusion, several <•.' j T l i e S e c e s s i o n M o v e m e n t I n tiae TJnltofl mentary evidence supported this view of the case, and dance to warrant his forming a judicial opinion that aA^rtaiw-.-TheseveralSUMDopartmecta,PoetOflk,SouthCarolina,irritatedatthesuccessofMr.Lincoln,whenthedeathbedmarriage-wascontracted,WasinsomeWTongdonetoAnnsWilson;-neithercouldithave toa Car loo theatre, the guard houses, and aosae of ih>< who may be said to represent the anti slavery sentiments ^fspeets-reawkable. This wealthy merchant, as he was re been prompted by a religious scruple as to the lawtothenextParliamentis,itissaid,goingtoproposeto MrTheo.J.deftabte,whotoabeeneonneetedwiththa the Assembly tbe proclamation of his Majesty Victor United States Consulate hare for some six or aevast years.Emanuel, now King of Sardinia, as King of Italy, sad to in tbe capacity of Secretary and Vice Consul, sailed indeclare that Venetla forms a part of tbe provinces of the tbe teat English steamer for Bolivia, at bearer of to* Italian kingdom. This declaration being once made, treaty between that republic and tbe Catted States.the arehea being completely covered with tbaaa, and th«tdoors, windows and walls of the bouses were highly d -!ssrsted- A ookasal bust of Kapoteoa TH., mounted on atofty pedestal, stood about half way up the Toledo, havm r has agitated the public mtod to the United Status, at luafctog an honest woman at Ann Wflson. The wit, which step? It could not, on the hypothesis of the petitioners,Btattea.[From the London Post, Nov. 23.]marriage had taken place previous to 17V8. With regard •Graf* 9^^jr^sa^ss^s^^ to the death bed marriage on the 7th of November in that year, whatreasoncould be assigned for taking thatThe question of separation, which on various occasionsboneatb. I proclaim Italy free from the Alps to i t o ! I-ngth appears to be on the e v e of accomplishment. was executed on^tha Bh of November, 1798,the same day have beea taken in order to make reparation "for ahyTbe rainy season is about over, and Panama and Asptn- wall are both quite healthy, tbe former has been so dur- ingthepastintaontoaremarkabledegree,whitetheatoi ler has been ui nusualkj sickly, so far al least aa the unac-•e concerned. The railroad it te most exeat* climated were tbuateaaVMbaviflent condition and doing a thriving bastestay M havtog beeWe are authorised to state that the correspondence be-tween the Commissioners for tbe Exhibition of 1861. tbe There have been no arrivals herejfrom the South Pi eeifie Society of Arts, and the Trustees for conducting tbe Exhi- or Central America atoce my test.thaarabeaan.itbsrailingofthebalcome,'cannotbedisputed,becausetheUnion,whichWashing-followedtheiradviceastoitseducation.Thelettersofthatasecondmarriagemighthavebeeneasierofproorbitionof184J2hasbeeabroughttoasatisfactoryconchv. ThesteamshipGuatemalaisduehereto-day,withtwa banging aa the walls, to every variety of d<- ton, Jefferson aad Adams established was bas"i John Patrick and of the two other members of the fami- than the nrst.. But that could hardly be. All New York, aton, as will be seen by tbe accompanying letter, ad- weeks later advfces from the Central American States.Uaaapareacie* aad the pedestals of the one hundred an 1. black republic of Haytf. That South Carolina has WaS left under her care, Was to remain under it only as never again be resumed. What other cause was there? twehre atatass. tha doors aad windows of the houses - an abstract right to withdraw from the confederation long as the executors thought proper, and as long aa she It was suggested that the deceased might hare thoughtcome necessary of late to run two trains a day both ways.rbea these wereall nxfatad the sabot was gruu . upon the common consent of the thirteen spates, aad ly in America—William Shedden, of Virginia, and Robert it was said, knew of the first marriage; and Mrs. Shedden l,bsanUful. Thenrstnightwasquitedark,tha thereexistsnoprovisionintheAmericanconstitution Patrick,ofNewYork—containeddeclarationupondecla- visitedandwasvisitedbythefamiliesofDr.Boswell. f bearing a very sombre appearance, aad thj whteh prohibits the withdrawal of that content i: • ration that there was no marriage previous to the death- Mrs Rankin, Mr. Hamilton, Judge Pendleton, and the l ef ogbt aad shade mereaaed the splendor of fa > viewing the question exclusively from an Atnerirp bod marriage. But the most important declaration, and other persons of repute of whose acquaintance the peti-assae. Tto) streets were crowded with a moving: point of view, aad especially In regard to the inter, -M, Kf one which, in his opinion, put an end to the case, was tioners boasted. The deceased might, moreover, have throng of both sexes aad ail agaa, aad all appsarel the South, thepeliey which thia insignificant and pre that of William Shedden himself, contained in his letter made a declaration which would have been conclusive.dressed to tbe Secretary of tbe Society of Arts. Thia cor- Should sbe arrive to tone, I will telegraph bar news to respondencehashadrelationtotbesitefortbebuilding, Aepiawall,togobytbsNorthStar.the provision of tbe necessary funds, the incorporation of Tbe Panama Railroad Company's steamship Guatemala the Trustees by tbe authority of the Crown, and their re- arrived at Panama oa toe morning at December 6, from lations with the Commissioners for tbe Exhibition of Central American ports. Sbe brought 1,464 wrassel»li— • indigo and other cargo. There iano news from any of LOMXKMT, Nov. 22, 1840. toeStates. Ooota Rica was to • verv unsettled state—no SIR:—We have to acknowledge tbe receipt of your let- confidence being entertained is tbe stability of the gov-tar of yesterday, enclosing the copy of a communicatiou ernment of Montoategre. All hands were at teagernifrom her Majesty's Commissioners for the Exhibition of tbe public treasury empty, no gredit, and bnatasas dun. 1861 to the Council of tbe Society of Arts, iu which theCommissionersexpresstheirgeneralapprovaloftbeob- Fatal Street Fiatetto aajoy thssnaaives with great aatiafaaiion. Bands *t\ tentHMis State appears determined to pursue is equally to Mr. Patrick, of the 12th of November, the day before Tbe only ether motive for the marriage was tbe idea that aauato were stationed at all the principal points footam and crimlnai. We are informed that Georgia, his death. The original of this letter was written and It would legitimate the children whom the parties had aad thaw stirring atraiaa added mock to tha jOya of tl» Florida and Alabama are likely to follow the example of signed by him, and he also made two copies, all of which bad out of wedlock; and that, so long as it suited fasaivltar. Dunng the Uiumiaataou 1 viaiteu most ot ;'i- South Carolina, either by forming separate States or by were Bent to this country. Had It not been for the wicked bis case, was the reason assigned by tbe petitioner attractire points: the grand arch before the royal paiac •;j uniting to a confederation, the basal of Which will conduct of the male petitioner that original would have himself. He had been continually pressing upon hisject which the society has in view iu organising theExhibition of 18d2, and their willingness to rendersuch support and assistance to the undertaking asmay be consistent with their position as a chartered bodyand with the powers conferred upon them by their char-ter of incorporation. I" under these circumstances wc Morris in an office there. and beat binthe sound Of music. I went behind the pia»-| tatives u> Congress, and she may adopt the extreme and cate had both been sent by another ship soon afterwards. wnooouht have been parties to the conspiracy? Clearly which the Council and the guarantors have in so flatter- started out after Shannon, when they met. and each t r e t "tastvacatedbytbsspeaker,sadtharewasaban1,1insanewrraeofarminghermilitiaagainstthepowerofTbelearnedcounselreadextractsfromthelettersoithenoonehatMr.JohnPatricktoNewYork,andMr.Wilingamannerexpressedawithtoreposetous,ontbeun-|nwoShots,oneofwhteh,feotoMorris'ptetot,strnaktisevfroat; the Tost office, and then up _a duplicate and triplicate had been made and had been produced. Mis answer to the suggestions which had been offered as to the improbability of thisat ViseUa California, between Wax. O. Morris aad Shannon, editor of the VitaUa Ddta. TbetetterjSbaasbft aa I caged far i -TslusV aVpaafa* craaTm^'itobeused,itbehoveaMr.Buchananitaoactawiith prompt ness and vigor, aad not to leave this virtual rebellion as a-a needlewoman aad a nurse to toe family, be submitted that they ware evkienee against a prior our riage. because, if there bad been such a marriage, sheSKSfl arj of federal administration in the United Status. The courts of tha United States will be closed in South Caro- over iW i»,-( lina , possibly the mails may be stopped, and every oftlc i*l(Mr. Patrick) had basely availed himself of a tech-nical objection to defeat the intention of the deceased.It had bftu suggested, indeed, that Mr. Shedden had bysome means been led to suspect that there would be aconapiruey to deny his former marriage; and that tomake sura he had the marriage resolemnised with eoclesi have to request that you will Intimate to the Council of with a heavy revolver, kntofcteg him n [western to astteal firms. If there really bad been such a design. the Society of Arts our willingness to accept tbo trust floor. On Morris recovering, he armed himself^3H2SI^%^^&^ ^ ' " a a aa orator ciosod an addreasaalpaiivaJ at liberty torefuseto send either Senators or represen- betn sent by. one ship and that the duplicate and iripllto thegr..<<li appointed by the President may be summarily dismiss*! duplicate and triplicate having been transmitted in the ss^'frean whteh Garbaldl looked down upon the joetltn c by th. local authorities. In addition, South Carolina U manner stated by Mr. Patrick was, that the original hadbv a large crowd In a a»ome«tor two t'.st the federal government. The New York papers state members of the family in America to the different mem- Item or Mr. Robert Patrick to Scotland. But was it pos- aaaptoadtof that the Council will forthwith take mea-^ a Hvaaftor, aadthe wattaars bvgan to n,;! that it ie*'the settled intention of the administration to -ad m aaerry«tef>,but1didnetllager-I.. allowSouthCarolinetotakeanypositionshemayplease, ** ear ooolainmg thirty or forty musicians, wh >{ •staved the courts and stop all the awito, provided shebers of tbe family in England and Scotland, from 1798 downtoJune1799,afiof them assuming that theper sons to whomabey were written were ignorant that Wil-Shannon in toe abdomen, from tbe effects of which ha died to half aa hour. . Morris surrendered himself to toi authorities,andwasaasjatttodbytoeJusticeofifctrVaatiHon. W. H. h ^ T a f t a a v e ^THOMAS BARING<!.WENTWOKTHDTLaX H.Q.Hawtey,ofAlbany,areattapingattooEverett,r i a a a t o t s aavor%iaaI ptesa, awpptog at var.j i does not attempt to interfere with the public revenue." liam Shedden had ever been married. If he had been burg the guardian of hla infant son? The notion was too have the honor to be, sir, your obedient servants.gown ibsloiedo, and ihea I hastened n, •- la coming to this conclusion Mr. Buchanan has acted with openly married far sight yean how was It that none of abanrd. He (Sir C. Cresswell) now came to thetotterof ris the pr3fn*erdwfperm*to«rj m ord^r > moderation and wtedoa. South Carolina may aflbrd to the family in this country had ever heard of it? He November 12,1TM, which it was admitted would, if genuORANVILLE CBANB06.orm 1 th-i'flashedupvon> Ha»lbs aaarklia'.On>atr«A.r| bad' >ior do aay « those acts such as granting 13th of November had been written and sent by •the axtotonea of Ttia son be would write to his nephew AjrtaV ;.• «. . . . i sput up with the Inconvenience of closed federal courts placed great stress upon Mrs. Vincent's letter to William toe, at once put in end to tha case. In tbe first andanimperiaetpostalcommunication,butshecannot. Patrickofthe3dofSeptember,1799,atprovingboth place,wasItnotprobablethatsuchatetterwould without treason to the superior goyernatent, col- that Mrs. Vincent had no Idea that there had aver been have beta written by a man to the circumstance* *rtthatrevenuewhtehbelongstothaInlted morathanonemarriage,andthattheletterofthe ofMr.theddenfWasItnotlikelythattoavowinghdwardEverett, of MsesaeaateUs; A. Van!ships' papers, which are necessary to clothe Oaro- ready been puBliahed to our report ot Una trad.) Iteianveasetewithtbe^atlonaleharaeter.Ifcoerckmis Asto.theaffidavitswhteh ahasenthomefromness on bebair of the boy? But before tho. letter writtenMr.JohnPatrickhadajuvmncedtoMr.Wiguaranteed now amounts to £308.800. The commissioner torthaexhibitionof1861baregrantedasiteforthe buildingontheirestateatSouthKensington.Iry tteeLoxao*.N'ov.SO.1869London #*% iVaaw says the advices from Conetan- <KICaptainCroweU,ofthe „.--^ . Greea.ofGeorgia,E.S.Hoytsat wife, and L. Irwin, of New Ysrk, are ' House. .JudgeCook,of Bath,K,T.,a J. A. Vtnslonga, of Savannah; W.feat at(wereovi Matitoworkout,attbyvtotejata,IteabyaagetLattea.would have been ableDtrteks and^ coneetedwith *h*lB of. ^ - —accusedthePaof data- wo distantthis preceentog was to rescue from a state of e toto tbe world, with all tbe art-of about five. Tha to him aha aaid:—"Besides ^ma otber.a glrL:v^" ainsy!vante,an4J.«ray of a . Nicholas Hotel.Ja^riaato-a^tlnoate refer to the .stoppage of aa Engtnb aterehaat. TwofirmsinLondonhaverefusedtotakeuphudraft*, A.M,Sherman,ofK<another slave "State, ^of^lonfedera-aad family, of Pi t. Burnham. efWilliam Shedden. (Both these tetters have al- whom toe ajmoiated guardian, to bespeak his kindtha, Amarwan ex 'ved that William i . dtecharga bte duty to therural was IHSHM »»«««—w •— noTaSK hi • £ £ £ £ £aeVOCOtaF'H|BV0WW» •OB ••BaW W^aaa «f *B^^^^_ ,io^*S^**»*?-*w^toTi* ttonarnpptoatoa*!' If* kwtwtoteoa latfstt uent upon the•*ss*f£0*q **«f1aaaa**er&H efleUntitled Documentr ^ ^^^s^s^a^s^st^sw ^^Hr^^^F' •a^P^ilB'B ^^67sibte to conceive, ii Mr. Shedden bad any such idea, that sures for giving legal effect to the guarantee, and for ob- bewoutihaveappointed thefraudulentnephewtoNew tainingacharterofincorporatioaaatiafactorytou*. We York hie executor, and the fraudulent nephew to Bdint ohis purpose. The °^^1£ %L^ «Jrof the petitioner must fWwith it. and he (the, learnedh l_. fc CS(.vi.*ir it oag Wm. BsltgttanItCo. __,tstolljrJtOo....... 70,000 nltolMM^aiitfgaS T.H-fcJ. S. Baton.. 14,669JHeller fcBro 66466Z.Bnatein fcBro... 16O00in his evidence on oath before this court, he had statedthai be never saw even tbe duplicate of the document till1849. NerweithtoaU,,fttane of his letters he was Kirby, Byrne * Co. complaining,atitwouldseem,of Mr.Wifitem Patrick'a aretoOctober».to sending to America to see if tbe deceasedmarried Anne Wflson- and so he said, of war Camilla whteh toft Hakodani Septeaaqer t.waafla think of you sending to America for testtoa typhoon off1tome*" °M?Jobu'rSnk ^m^thUlar Reddencasehavingpertebed. Itwasimpossibletoreconcilethat destroyedbytbssametyphoon.Thetestweejudge) must therefore preoJMi Utot be, WUttasn Patrick By the arrival at this port on the 29th ultimo of theof a dutiful and affectionate child, until it had at Osptoa comes,by the valley, and bte advanced guardsbe one of two things. If she was not convinced by it sbe tb? President so as to combtoe tbe forces mod arreng^ tbe would livh under a barrassing sense and conviction that plan of attack, ass1 jsttols JTtoJai toretewUbe decided » she bad sustained a grievous wsong, for which she was "At toe time of writ ing," continues the otoetel buaette.aad most unjustifiable litigation.Mr. Justice Wightman and Mr. Justice Williams empha-triumph over toe govemmmt party. advicesarereceivedfromthe interiorof the confedera- tion It is impossible to predict the result.being-in her own bands, aud that she bad made herself tbe most trifling nature, but "all want merry as a mar-THOMAS PAIBJUON. PfctNunFoam.Esq,SecretarytoibeSocietyofHouse. Rev.JS.Clark,ofthrotl;CLH.W. H. lamed, of Webstar, aad 9 Tbe guarantee list includes 602 persons, and tbe sum York, are stopping atriagcbell''untiltbecloseoftheceremonies.B d l t a r a .On Wednesday, tbe 14th' hit., a deadly fight took /Thomas M. Tryniski 309 South 4th Street Fulton New York 13069www.fultonhistory.com 