 icity ef Hew Task, _ird of Alderm.*n Ina*c*jah** emMetey, « theuitk,tk. iwsMaa. aurteeetfa. ftmrtoaatk,daysof Beet-saber, « landsixty, to c a n n awgiven ut the several ekctma seai nis of altaeetortiea held December fourth, O M.sixty, pursuant to the»».IUI sowadthecharterof thecityof NewYorkhaadred and twenty aw in.Of which George H. Raymond received nine hundredseventy-eight.OT WBtci Bichard Gemghty received seven haadred.Of which Jacob Koebler received two hundred.OT which Wifliam Gray received four hundred and forty- flve.The whok number of votes givea for the office of toes of Common Schools of the Fourth ward, to fieight haadred sad thirtyeight.Of whkh Jaka Marrott [receivedby t o o .Of which Thomas ShawOr whkh George MSacb reeeivedwhich Philip F. Smith i and sixty ohmAnal that thanOf which thirty-akw. Of whkhtwenty-a ixfeseyOf whkh Gideon OBtmader Of whkh William C Bradleyand ninety four.Of whkh JacobTheoffour Ofhaadred aad three. OfwhkhChristinatines haadred aad forty-two.And that there were twenty -sixIft > -*cv a. do certav an ~Pi« JOBMBorUK EIGHTHJUMOAL *hwt«w h o a m M H I M T e f v o t e s g i v e a Oar t h e o f f i c e e fhaadred aad. seventy-enjht.« which WiUmm H. Bull reeeived three[fortytE Boeianafi receivediv. IM11NB recervoa lead eighty e i xN. Hill Fowler received fear CT which Anson Willis received fourthattherewantwoMaakaadsteveaFOB ALDERMEN.oa am h estimate and efiftyor whkh James W.forty eight. Of whichOf which Peter Shea reeeived oae one.And that there were forty-six iImgkty--eiaty-twe. Of whichor votes given far the office of districtshavingaaodd)a* follows, to wit.—The whole aambor ef tor theOf whkh Of whichsixty.Of whack John E. Eertght received tana fifty-tourOf which Daniel Of which01 which George C. Byrne received aae aeeeeeel three hundred aad eighty-eigfat,abnigwienOf whKh WUDSBB H. Crane reeeived aaafurty six.Of which John Horamgtoa received and that thereTie whok somber ef for the FirthOf which John H. Brady received two hundred and forty.The whole number ef votes given tor the office of Ia- spectorofCommon8enaawoftheFifthward,wastwo thousand three hundred aad sixty-six.OfwhichJosephG.Jaaneeeareceivedtwo two hundred and fc .Of which Henry Enffiasas received one hundred and three.And that thereF«The whole numbesVjMaas gkaa for the office of In-spectors of Conn laMJaam to fill vacancy, was two thousand threeOf which Frederick sand and nine.Of which Willkm H Johnson three hundred aad thirty-seven.Aad that there were twenty -twoinumber of votes givea for iSchools of the Fifth WardOf which William haadred and five.Of which Charles Herdoff received c sixty-two.Of whkh William H. Gilson received fifty-six.Of whkh John Moss received nine hundred and ninety-Of which Joha T . Marsh received one hundred aad sixty-eight.Of whkh Maurice Ahem reeeived two haadred sad seventy-seven.And there were eighteen scattering votes. SIXTHWAED.The waeis number of vote* J^•ef vats* givea tor the smaaejf Alder man for the Thirteenth Aldermaaic district was four thou*aad and eleven.or whKh Ira A. Aiwa received aae thousand six boadred aad eleven. Of which Nhuadredaad Of whxkforty -emcOT which WJBmm B. Brake received one hundred and« y .two.twenty-one.And that there were forty scattering votes.BkCOM) WAKD.two thoueaad six hundred and fiftyeeven.Of whkh Joha Galvan received oae thousand threehundred and twenty-one.Of whkh MahJon T. Hewitt received oae thousandthree hundred and nineteen.And that there were seventeen scattering votes.InspectorThewboknumberofvotes given for theofficeofIn- spector of Common Schools of the Seventh ward was two thousand six hundred and thirty -eight.Of whkh Andrew Martin received one aaaassad three hundred and thirteen.Of whkh William D. Murphy received one thousand three hundred and twelve.And that there were thirteen scattering votes.The whok number of votes given for the office of Trus- tees of Common Schools of the Seventh ward was five thousand twohundred aad sixty-one.Of whkh Bernard Smyth received oae thousand three haadred and ten.Of whkh James Sample received s e e thouaand three hundred and eve.dred aad twenty-eight veaam.Of which John Tagaa reaeivad ICtMairABUat*M1 [twothree. ^_ ^ef votes given for theoffice of Con- stables for the Seventh ward, was four thousand sevenhundred and six.Or whkh Joha Ford received one thousand five hundredaad seventy-two.Of which Robert Stanwood received aae thouaand twohaadred aad seventy-eight. OfwhichlamesLeereceivedeighthundredandaiaaty-sts.Of whkh William Hays received five haadred andame. Of which Samuel Jones reeeived ninety-nine.Of which Christopher F. Klinck received one haadredaadninety.Of whicn Michael Sullivan received one hundred andtwenty time.An that there were thirty-three scattering votes.manaa waao. ThewholenumberofvotesgiveafortheofficeofCan^tables for the Eighth ward was five thousand nine hun- dredandeighty-eight.Of which Abraham MQRCS received one thousand three hundred and thirty-four.Of which William B. Jones received one thousand sad ninety five.Of whkh Bobert Reid received eight hundred and fifty.Of which James Armstrong received seven hundred sad ninety nineOf whkh Thomas Cavanagh received one thousand aad forty nine.ot which James Tease received seven hundred sad sixty -eight.OT whkh twenty-six were blank.And that there were sixty-seven scattering votes.nana waaa.The whole number of votes givea for theoffice of Con.stables m the Ninth ward waseight thousand five hun- dredaad tkirty-five.Of whkh Ira C Pieraoa received one thousand nine hundred and sixty five.Of which James A. Brown received oae thousand eight hundred and seven.Of which Abraham Sprtagstein received two thousand two hundred and ninety.Of whkh Thomas FarreJl received two thousand sad seventeen.Of which Harman B. Goodrich received four hundred and nine.And that there ware forty-seven scattering votes. TXNTH WARD.The whole number of votes given for the office of Con- stablesoftheTenthward,wasthreethousandfivehun- dred and fifty-two.Of whkh Reuben C. Mills received nine hundred sad fifteen.Ot whkh Robert S. Beaver reeeived eight hundred and twenty six.Of which Charles V. Lyons received eight hundred sad fifty-six.Of whkh Louis EL Vultee received seven hundred aad thirty-tour.Of which Adotph Keuhaur received eighty-eight. Of which Joseph Bowers received eighty -eevan. OTwinch .loan Bott received sixteen.And that there were thirty scattering votes.Kunanrm WASH.The whok number of votes given far the office of Con-stables of the Eleventh ward, was eight thouwand and twenty-eight.Of which Joseph Belkeheini received one thouaand and ainety-nve.Of whkh David Kerr received nine haadred and ninety.in' "which Lloyd Bryant received oae thousand seven hundred and forty-nine.Of which Lureuau Oberle reeeived one thousand six hundred aad thirty-seven.Of which John Duke received nine haadred and eleven.Of which Valentine Lapis received nine hundred s a d wenty-four.Of which Henry Donovan received three hundred aadthree- OTwhkhWiliumJ.MurphyreceivedtwohundredandJjf which Stephen McMahon received one haadred aad fifty-eight.And that there were forty-two scattering votes. TWXLFTB WJJU>.The whok number of votes givea for the office of Con !*Uttilef of the Twelfth ward was five thousand one hun- dred and five.Of whkh John Helms received one thousand six haa- dred aad forty-two.Or which Stephen Lata reeeived oaethousand four haa- dred and forty-eightOfwbkkJohaR. Farriagton received"%ine hundred and five.Of whkh James King received six hundred sad forty live.Of which Joan D. Ottiwetl received six thousand and OfwhichLawrenceM.VanWartreceivedoaethou- thirtyoneThe whok number of votes given for the office of Com missioasrofCommonSchoolsoftheSixthwardwastwo Thewholenumberofvotesgivenfortin;<sand six haadred aad nanety-nve.of which Wubam B. Draper reeeived sixty-seven.or which £. C Thatcher received twenty-nine.Aad that there were fourteen blank aad fifty-two scat-Tke whole number ef votes givea for the) office of Al- derman tar the Seventh Aidermsak Districtthousand eight hundred and twenty-nine.Of which Thomas Stephenson received five thousand nine hundred and nineteen.or which Henry T. Cleveland received six aaaamad one hundred sad eighty-Six.Or which Charles J. Haider received nine haadred and fifty-oae.Of which Edwin B. Wilbur received nine hundred and sixty-seven.Or which John C. Harn received a a e hundred sad sixty-three.Of which H. A. T. Granberry received five hundred and ninety awn.Of which William C Brum received eight haadred and sixty -three.Or which WiBhua 6 . Frast reeeived six haadred aad fifty-six.Aadthattherewereonehundredscatteringvotesfke whole number ef votes given tor the office ef Coun- cih&ea for the Seventh Senatorial district wan oae hua- dred and four thoueaad six haadred aad forty-seven.Of which Jacob M. Long received seven thousand six haadred and "ixty-eight-or wbick Patrick MnnsaB received a n thousand four haadred and sixteen.iff which John Brice received seven thousand four han- dled sad ninetyOTwhichLake hundred aad fifty -nine.Ot whichWard reeeived six thousand eight thirty-two.Of which John Conway received two thonasnd nine hndred and seventy-nine.OT whkh Roger Dowling received three thouaand aad twantv-tigkt.OT which A. ff*toi>— leaaiied one thouaand aad eighty-eight.Of which George W. Meets received two thousand six haadred and seventy-two.Of which Bfiwnrd Simpson received three three hundred and sixteenOT which Tanwawi Higgms reeeived two haadred aad fifty-eight.Of which aaaafnj McCarthy received four andthirtynme.Of which Jonathan T. Trotter received sad sixty-eight.Of which Daniel K. Oavitt reeeived fiveOf whKh George T. Burns received six hundred and niaetv-two.Of which John W . Marshall received s i x haadred and twelve.OTwhichCharlesC PmckaeyreceivedaVwdaamawaeiOT whkh Edward McMoHen received six hundred aad twenty-six.OT wham lobertGeery received seven haadred nod forty-eight.Or which William McMaana received oae hundred and one.Of whkh Barnard Cbstello received one fifteen.. Orwhkh PeterConley received twohaadredandsix. Of wham SamuelW.Of which Oliver 8. Hnkam reeeived six hand rag' fiftythousand one hundred and forty-two.Of whkh Henry H. Howard received four hundred andforty-five.Of whkh Patrick Wade received one thonsand threehaadred aad twenty-five.Of whkh Henry Bateman received three hundred andsixty one.And that there were eleven scattering votes.Jaenwctor.The wbok number of votes given for the office of In-spector of Common Schools of the Sixth ward was two thousand aad eighty -seven.Of whkh Jeremiah Mahoney received four haadred aad three.Of whkh William Nealis received eight hundred and seventy-three.misskaer of Common Sehook of thetwo llmtaaiiil five hundred sad fifty-eightOf which Henry P. MoGown received foar i twenty-two.Of which Edgar Eetchum received seven I sixty-nme.OT whkh James Mackean received one hundred and fifty-four.Of whkh James S. Hawkins received thirteen. kaanator.The whole number of votes given for the oaaal rpector of Common Schools of the Twelfth thousand three hundred and eighty.Of whkh Joha B. Hobby received two ninety-five.Of wham Charms J. Chip* reeeived twowhich Daniel Dsrrow received oaeOf which Jensen at Aaslia rauuwad two maty-five.Aad that there ware eighteen scattering a n .givea tor the office of Al deraian for the Nawh AMarmsnm dietmsaad sevea hundred and eighty fourof which Isaac D. Dayton received oaehandled and two.Of which Wewinal D. Meanest received one Reassess!SUETheeighty-six.Of which William Nike reeeived five hundred aad five. And that there were twenty scattering votes.zVaaaas.fhe whale number of votes givea for the office ofTrustees of Common Schools of the Sixth Ward was four ihousaad and fifty-six.Of whkh Henry Bateman received three hundredand ninety live.Of which John MeGtoin received six hundred and eighty- seven.Of which Patrick Reynolds received one thousand four hundred and one.Of whkh John Tucker received one thousand three hundred and fifty-five.OT whkh George Mellon received two hundred and two.And that there were sixteen scattering votes. savnsTM WARD.Of which William & Carman recei sad sixty-three.Of which William Hartman received one thousand three haadred aad ainety-oae.Aad that there were eighteen scattering votes. XTwatnw-—Full Jf' si.The wbok number of votes given for the earns eftees oT Onsaaioa Schools or the Twelfth ward, was five thousand aad seventy five.Of which John Green received two haadred sad ninety.OtwhichWilliamunktey*received three haadred aad three.Of whkh James Giffln received eight hundred seventy-one.Of whkh James Davis received eight IOf whkh John Eagan received ninety-six. Of whkh Terreaee Sherridan received athree hundred and forty-six.OT whkh David Fitzgerald received oae ateosand threehunureu and fifty-liveAnd that there were five scattering votes.Tnutea—' aruMcy Tknr Fears.The whok number of votes given for the office ef Trus- tees of Common ^bools of the Twelfth ward, to fill va- cancy for three vears. was two thussad five hundred aadfifty four.Of whkh Isaac A. Hopper reeeived three hundred saw five. <Of whkh William Haky received one hundred aad twelve.Of whkh Nathan M. Freeman received seven hundred! and sixtv-eee.Of which David «. Jackson. Jr ., received one thousand three hundred and seventy-sixIViMtoa— Vacancy Ties Fears.The whok humber of votes given for the offine of Trus-tees of Common Sehoub of the Twelfth ward, to fill va-ofsixty om.And that there were six votes.andtwo fifteenaadof Aider ar tkeu-lhr whole number oT votes givea farfar the saVe of ' S>iy.fiveand fourteen.fjf which Edwin Sproel aojateeeGeorges a g three hundred a«ior which Jab* P . lundred and titty-s Of which Arthurreceived five thansand three received two thousand aadThe whok number of votes given for theeel met Trea- tees of Common Schools of the Eteveath ward was eight thousand one hundred and fifty threeOf which sixty six.Of whichhundred and eighty eurhl.The whok number of votes given for the office of Com- missioner of Common Schools of the Eighth wardtwo thousand nine hundred and ninety.Of whkh William Tucker received two thousand twentv-six.Of whkh David A. Fowler received nine haadred sad forty-six.And that there were eighteen scattering votes.tHsprttor.The whok number of votes given forInspector of Com- mon .-chools or the Eighth ward was two thousand nme hundred and six.OT which Francis Fleet received one thousand ame hundred and sixty-seven.OT whkh George Ranch received eight hundred aad ninety eix.And that then were forty-three scattering votes.The whok number of votes given for the office of Trus- tees of Common Schuukt of the Eighth ward was five thou- sand seven hundred and twentv-seven.Of which Gcrshom Cohen received oae hundred and fifteen.Ot whkh Robert W. S. Boassil received two and efevea. •Of whkh George W . Morten reeeived eight hundred and seventy eix.Of whkh Joseph D. Martin received eight haadred aad ninety.O f w h k h L e w i s W i t h i n g t o a r e c e i v e d e i x h a a d r e d a a a nineteen.Of whkh Joan H. Trapp received seven haadred and fifty.StephenRobertareceived rateisadfear haadred ana aaaaaaals a dt w oDnaiel TownsendThe whole number of vot.s given^or the specter of Caaaaea Schools of thetwo thousand three hundred sad fifty nmeOf which Nelson Cahto received sine eigkty.of In-P .or which forty-one.JosephStinaerreaeivada m ehaadredJohndred aad tea.or which Nicholas Kiaeell loosieod twefeneOf which Edward L. Kurte received live. of which Patrick Bums received tourhundredOf which George W . Mash racorvod thfartsea.Of which Euan F. Purdy, Jr. reeeived thirteen. 4if farfaat*fl*r1tiM»ae'T'JMaaaawr.i>i~inaiirjtiif.ewan#••»Of which Charles Mulligan received seventy-five. Of which Theodore Udell received seventy- Ave.And that there were one haadred and thirty-seven votes.The whale number ef votes givea far Ike office ef CouncilmenfartintSixthleantorieldistrict,wenseven-Of which John 6. Haviiand received ova thousand five haadred and ninety-two.Or which Alexander L. Shaw reeeired five lawasaadOfwhich three hundredAnd that thereaasnjSs sirSchools of the Firth ward waa two seventy-three.P.Duphenacreceivedtwo Shrtyeix.Of which Richard O'Brien received hundred and forty-two.Of which William Bawd received hundred end ninety.Of which Henry K. Btenvett reeeived none.twoOf wham Andrew Storms received aae hundred and sixty-fiveOf which Rom McGuire received one o.Tan*reeeived two received oaei G. Lager received < ttwenty eightIvefour bun- five bna- aas baa-fourOf which Stephen iVHsra reeeived four haadred aad AveOf which John Poland reeeived three thousand Ave hiindrid aad thirty-fear.Of which fiiMi gm aaflfsih received three thousand •even hundred and twenty-nine.Of which James Gumbteton received three hundred aad twenty-three.Of which John Gibson received three haadred aad twenty-seven.Of which Timothy L. West reeeived fear thousand fiveOf whtefa Atonoadar H. Reach received six aad twenty-eightOf which Abraham Lest received six thousand three hundred and sixteen.OfwhichWittaaaOramreceived five thousandnine haadred and fourteen.'of votes given for the office of Trus- " ate Etoveath ward, to ml va-Of wham Jaka Wachter received nme haaawad aadOf which Alvah T. Chaaeld received Sevan haadred aadtees ofCommon Schools o f t h e second ward, to fill two yearn, was three hundred sad fiftyMfisaaw w£ ^naaimTMOT whirlAnd that there ware t w o hundred and seventyor whkh Francis IL Bake received twohaadred sad tiui'tesa.Oi which William K. Edgerton received aae haadredforty-iOf whkh George H. Voaselde received two. of which P. M. Hugh received oae.Of whkh James Dunn received oae.waan.The whok number of votes east for Cbmmiseioncr oi Common Schoulk of the Third ward was four huudre ; and eighty oae.AX which Robert S. Gould received tare hundred and sixty one.Of which fcdward & Heath reeeived two haadred and four.OT which there were sixteen scattering votes.Inspector.The whole number of votes givea for the office or In- spector of Common Schools of the Third ward was four hundred aad eighty-four.Of which Amos Steokey received two haadred and fifty-six.Of whKh Michael D. Purtell received two hundredsad twelve.And that there were sixteen scattering votes.Tnutea.The wbokaumber of votes given for the office of Trus tecs ot Common Sehoote for the Third ward was nine bun dred and thwteeu.Of which George D English received two hundred sad eighteen.Of which Patrick Kelly received two haadred and three.Of which John A. Carrier reeeived two haadred aad seventy-foot.Ofwham*JohnA.Getmoar,Jr..reeeivedtwo haadred aad fifty-tea.And that there were sixteea scattering votes.The wbok number of votes givea for the office of Com mitokaer of Conimou Schools of the Fourth ward was one thousand eight hundred and seventy two.Of wham Phiiiji Creughan reeeived two hundred and ninety two.Of whkh James Taugdoii reeeived four haadred aad forty ssvrnOf whkh James Rrffiy reeeived three haadred aad forty eix.Of which John Ridden received oae honored aad sixty four.Ot which Benjamin F. Buck reeeived two haadred aad fifty-foar.Of whKh Henry C Lea* received three haadred and thirty.or which Alexander Stewart, Senior, reeeived four hundred sad seventy-one.Ofwhkh! six.Of ieighty -sovi n.Of which blank* reeeived seventv four. And that there iaThe whole number of votes given for the office of Trustees ol Common schools of the Eighth ward, to fill vacancy one year, was two thousand nine hundred andgiven for the office of Caa and ninetyor whkh l i n e ialMwaa. sssntssd three haadred aad OT which WlOmai W. Ladd received oae kaodred sadBtSJk'Trato"B.inwhichCfaarksW.B>awarrnaaiiudone hundredandfourteen.Of which Joseph W Eellogg received two thousand andsix.Of whkh William B. Havs reeeived nine hundred andfive.And that there were three blank votes,snrm waanThe whok number of votes given for the office of Com mtssioner of Common Sehoote oT the Ninth ward wav four thousand three hundred and ninety.Of whkhJames W Farr received two thousandone hundred sod eighty-eevenOf whkh WiBtain J. Vac Arsdak received one thousand eight hundred and eighty-nine.Of whkh James W. Webb received three hundred and seven . „ ..Aud that there were seven scattering votes.The whok number of votes given for theoffice ef In gpector of Common Schools of the Niattt ward was four theinmn'* three haadred and sixty-two.Of which James Harrnxm received two ttsunami twoOf whkh James H. Stanbroagh and seventeen.Of which Frederick Rodefeldt aad eight hundred.TniMm 7b fw,The wbok number ot votes given far the office of Ia-spet tor ef Common S:booto of the Ninth ward, to OB vacant v. was four thousand three hundred sad seventy- three-Of whkh William J Trim ball received tares hnndiod and foarOt whkh Isaac Williams received oae *^TIIH eight hundred and ekven.Oi whkh George F. Merktoe reeeived two hundred and fifty three-.And that tber< were live scatteringthreei receiTOdnineOt' which Morris Bennett reeeived four hundred twenty three.Of which Henry M. Ske received sixty-eight. And that there were thirteen scattering votes.TWTBfTT-FtnHr WJOTO.The whole number of votes givea for the office of Con-stables of the Twenty-first ward was seven thousand four hundred aad seventy-eight.OTwhkhMathew"Nugentreceived sevenhundredand ninety-e ix.OTwhich Thomas Bradburn reeeived one thousand five hundred aad -lxtv-two.Of which Joseph Rosenthal received one thonsand two hundredaadfiftyseven.Of which John T. Ckary received hundred aad two.Of which Jeremiah T. Lockwood received two handled and twenty-four.of whichOwenCoughimreceivedeighthundredaad seven.ofwi. hJamesGannonreceivedeighthaadredsad seventy-i Lr.Of which fair? Van Brunt received six hundred sad forty.And that thei c were sixteen scattering votes. TwasTn sacoaa wxan.The whohv number of votes given for the office of Con- stables of the Twenty-second ward was seven thousand two hundred and sixty-two.Of which Willism W. Purdy reeeived one thousand five hundred and seventy six.Of which Philip keys locolwd oae thousand six hun- dred and twenty.OT which Thomas Cashing reeeived one thousand eight bunrtrt c ami sixtyOf whkh John F seventy-five.OT which aBcsgh M.Staataki receivedOf which David Dona received eighteen.Of which name Wyman leoeived twenty-six.Of which Isaac Colden reeeived nine.Of which Joseph Steiner received oae.Of which Simeon Raymond received one.Of which Francis E Farr received twenty-two.Of which Francis E, Frank received oae aaaaaaal oaehundred aad sixteen.And that there were nineteen scattering votes.OFFICERS OF COMMON SCHOOLS.That it appears upon such estimate and canvass that Ike whok number of votes given for Commissioners, In- spectorsandTrusteesofCommonSchoolsforthevariouswards of thai city wasas follows, to wit.— nasrwAss.The whole number of votes given for the office of Com nnssioner of Common Schools ef the First ward was one thousand six hundred and thirty-fourof which Jeremkh Fltxpatrkk received six hundred and forty-five.of which John H. Williams reeeived six haadred sad twenty one.OT which Charles McCay received three haadred and sixtv-sevea.And that there was one scattering vote.The whets number of votes given for the office of In- spector of Comm a Schools of the First ward was one thousand six hundred aad thirty-eight.Of whkh Lewis Motto received six haadred and seventv seven.Ofwhkh MkbaelStGeorgereeeivedsixhundredaad fifty -four.Of whkh Patrick Baldwin received two hundred and ninety-two.And that there were fifteen scattering votesTnutea.The whok number of votes givea for the office of Trus- tees of Common Schools of the First ward was three thousand four hundred sad fifty.Of which John Harris received six hundred sad sixty oae.OfwhichThomasCcaereceivedsixhaadredandseven«yOf which Michael Sullivan reeeived five hundred and eigim seven.Of which James O Grady reeeived four hundred and forty-nine.Of which James FltzsimmoaB received four haadred and twenty.Of which Thomas J. Riley received three haadred.OT w h k h William McOermott Of which James CoykRichard Joyce received one White reeeived fourthe •oTCbnrtabte for the,to wav—of Con two haadredofTrus- msfburfarty-laria-a a dscatterOf which Joha L. Dorssy received nineteen.Of whkh Alexander Stew* eighty-foar.Aad that there were five scatteringThe whok number of votes given for the tees of Cemisiwi Schools of the Thirteenth tirns—•* six haadred and eighty -live.Of whkh Joha Martin received a k w ninety-seven.of whkh Daniel Feckner received eight ninety-nine.The wbok number of votes givea for the office of Com- OT whkh William H. Shcfltem received two hundred missioner ef Common Schools of the Second ward wasand twenty seven.OfwhichWilliamO'Doanellreceived twohundred sadfourteen.And there were twenty four scattering votes.naaasaafsa waan.The whok number of votes given for the office ofCon-stabka for the Thirteenth ward was fear thrmsnnri three haadred aad seventy-seven.OT w h k h Anthony QJnssaSas reeeawad eight hundred and ninety-nine.OfwhkhDavidE.Carpenter received seven haadred and twenty-four.Of whkh Joha TUky received nine hundred sad forty.Of whkh Joseph Hilderhrand received six hundred and thirty-four.OT which Stephen A. Smith received five hundred s a d afty-fonr.Of watch Joan J. Mulligan received four hundred and ninety-five.OfwhkhJohnBottreeeivedoaehaadredsadtea. And that there wore twenty oae scattering votes.The whok number of votes given for the office of Oon- s t a b t e s o f t h e F o u r t e e n t h w a r d w a s t h r e e t h o u s a n d n i n e hundred and one.Of which Isaac Jones received six hundred and forty- five.OT which James Cogaa received oae thousand one hun- dred aad fifty-one.Of which Peter Brown received five haadred and thirteen.Of whkh Patrick Collins received ame hundred sad twenty-six.Of whkh Jamas Haskell received three haadred sad sixteen.Of whkh Augustus Bride reeeived two hundred aad eighty-seven.OT whkh Daniel Bellows reeeived seventeen. And that there were forty-six scattering votes.The whok number of votes givea tor the office of Con- stables of the FITteenth ward was three thousand eight hundred sad seventy eight.of which Joha H. Hulier reeeived oae hundred and thirty HSIX.Of which Joha & Norris received seven fortv-two.OT wakfa Joha ONeli received seven hundred twenty.Of whkh William Hepburn received one haadred and thirty one.OT whkh Joha MoCauky reeeived forty anion. Of which Bobert Of received forty-five.Aad that there were fiftyThe wtok number at votes givea for the office of Con stables of the Sixteenth ward was seven thousand torn huadreu and eighty oevaa.Of which John Ready received o a e thousand s i x hand red and eight.Of whKh Mknnel xtoOxaa received oae thousand five hundred aad sixty one.Ot which ^imrr C Maaan received two hundred aad thirty one.Of whkh Thomas C. Darling received twohundredaad tairty-nVe.oi whKh Francis A. Fowtcr received one thousand eight haadred and fifty-two.OT which a^j""** J. Carr received one thonsaad sevenhaadredsadninety-nine.And that there w a s 1 scattering vote.The whok number of votes given for the office of Con stabks of IkeSeventoaath ward, was eight thousand two haadten aad ninety one.three hundred and seventy-three. OfwhichJamesWatoaareceivedoaehaadredandforty-four.Of whick William Buckley received two haadred andtwenty-«ix<And" that there were three scattering votes./jejneav*.The whoto number of votes given for the office of In-spector of Common Schools of the Second ward was three hundred saw seventy one.OTwhkhHiramMarshreeeivedthreehundredandfifty oae.Of which George A. Hood received two.Of which Hugh Doam reeeived one.And that there were seventeen scattering votes.Tmavw— Full Term.The whole>number of votes given for the office of Trus-tees of CHI—inn Schools or the Second ward was seven hundred s a t thirty-four.OTwhich James F Hbranreeeived twohundredaad twenty-eight.Of whkh Dav:d W. Orpheus received two hundred andtwenty-two.OT w h i c h A l v a h W . L o c k w o o d r e e e i v e d o n e h u n d r e d a n dforty-three.Of whkh Diedrich Milter received oae haadred andthirty-nine.Of which Anguste Metxter received two.Irwaaei Faaaasy.the whok number of votes given for the office of Truscancy for two years, was two thousand five fifty-two.hundred aadOT which Patrick J. Banbury received five haadred aad eightyor which William SebJoss°Or which Archibald Bail receivedM ? — * SB m auty-Bve.Ofwak*MkhaelK«»y two.receivedhundredoae scatteringOf which atephea Lynch received thirty two And that there were seven scattering votes.tor the rourta WaUru> Haffit hundred and tOf whKh John If. Stack received three hundred.And that there w t / e om fcuadredvotre.Of which Ikbaei Kenny twrrtyThomas M. Tryniski 309 South 4th Street Fulton New York 13069received seven hundred amiUntitled DocumentThe stables of dred andor which six.4Of which Josmfa eighty-two)Of which John Clark received And there wasone scattering rotMuna *The whok number of votes stables of the Twentieth ward, hundred sad seventy-four.Of which Thomas 8. Mitchell two hundred sad twenty-two.Of which Thomas Mulligan received two thou hundred and thirty sevOf whkh Simeon Raymond received hundred a a d seventy.(X which John Y. Baker received eight fifteen.Ot which James Graschenske received four and eighty-live.Of whkh Johnhaadred sad Of whkh ninety-nine.Of whkh Dennis Sullivan received three hundred aadThe whok number of votes given for the office of Com- Of whkh Thomas J. Rklly, to fill vacancy received missioner oTCommon Schools of the Seventh Word wasof InOf which Samuel W. Qalvm received oae Of whkh Patrick Gaffney received twohundredand tiniHunOf w h k h Wilson hundred and thirteen.OT which Joha SeaUaa reeeived one thoueaad three hundred sad fifty-tares.OT whkh James S. Breath received one thousand oae haadred sad eighty-five.Aad that there were fourteen scattering votes. wane.Ike whok number of votes given for theoffice of Com- missioner of Common Schools of the Thirteenth ward was two thouaand tares hundred anSmallreceivedo n ethousandthroeOf which Thomas Woodward received oa< three hundred and twelve.And thattherewere twelve aaaoa waaa.votes.And that there were thirty-five scattering votes. Tnttttta—7b fill Vacancy.Of whkh Joha Murphy received six Of whick Charles Roster receivedof which James M eighteen.Of which Thomas H.Laajn*that there were AafthThewhok mttKioner of was twoOf which Henry ninety-eight.Of which Joha H. Collins fifty sot.Of wakfa Hoary Ton and forty-eight.And that there were fifteenThe wholespecter o f Common Scnoate of two thousand a n d sixty foar.or whkh - eighty foar Of whamscatteringOf w h k h two.ThomasBrownreceivtorofCommonffflh?*'^ofOfwhkhEdwardEVhittreceived< hundred sad ainety snaaa.Of whkh Joseph F Sweeny received seventy-one.OT which Caerka Curtis hundred and twenty.And that there were fifteenfourKiggjnsOf wham Hugh aaaaaat reeeivedtwenty-eight.received s i x haadred11 www.fultonhistory.com 