 •was reported that the Imperor had ordered the to Mecancer, to ten a cent of 100,001 men, and to be! ready, wlthjcampaignenter toe city to triumph without bloodshed. most gracious Majesty, and all equally dnirousof gwtng ind taken plan between the Neapolitan to bar noble son a right royal welcome tothecityot Kingston. It was, therefore, moat wrong and meet un- just to Introduce into the proceedings any feeling of a sectarian, political or religious character. No man w n more loyal t o the British crown than he w n ; o o parson more desirous of giving a joyous welcome to the young Prion; still, if the Orangemen, with their party banners, party emblems and insulting music, were allowedto join the procession on that occasion, ho would ha reluctantlysympathized with the Catholics, and looked upon this Ministers are walking in the Orange proemsion, which fiag pictures or toe a n a who placed bis forefather?osoutrage nan indirect insult on themselves. They were marched past an open place. flaunting their banners ta the throne aad I know he warned to come nbore. 7M assembled together to night to devise the oest policy to*^A':|-representn .»<*f M\a Berlin lilipiaph dnpatoh sajs the reali of the alltonn hetwan AtorU and Prussia enFINANCIAL ANB CaiOttRCI AL HEWS.B r n a n t o dnltoat x antion of the Chin«ae to flght. AHquiet at Canton.PfTbe rebels continued to advance towards nanghn .Hong Kong markets were dull. Imports lower. Ten lower, but higher andoccasion—a course we would respectfully recommnd to wn done, and on the question beimt pot to Mr. Wilson, oar oo-religionisw throughout the Province, wherever a he replied, "I will;" and he did It. He same to the spot siro liar display of the Orange Order is contemplated and ordered tbe workmen to desist. The Orangemen then''•sia*tical Titles bid, assume titles conferred upon them b y thePope? IsttnottoeRomanCetbelieBitoopswho,itis nid,werequite annoyed be.-ausehisRoyal Highnessat Quebn did not styie them "my lerdsf" ^ ^men.TbeCityCouncilmetatntae o'clock.•veaisare siiaertag, but y n s n s t l m t n m safer. (Cheen.) The Prion must bo foltowsd till ha leaves the countrymeIS Tm78vai»,.uI^bilatt^ua CPt• -jACTVAL FHS|TiK« I* CiPIDlEOFBEGfilOVIGARfflilDI.THE PRBXE TOIDm town geofi tnato that Mast toe < d^a^^bm^a^aB^a^an ttBnn Sk^sjpnan ^pfe?' nejagaobjP^kBtBjfc 4Apart froiiK'lnmld nk who Invited gracious Majesty the Queen to visit this Prev Itnotthewaynntativesof too pnpielnPar sembled, ten or twelve of the moat Influential of including the Attorney General a n d Postmaster be'oogtotbeaociety.and surely, ton, the Prionnot come to n e aay • * * ! * * * J & ' T ^ ^ i ^ nationality, or any one creeo, he comes to p«o'the whoto Province, he comes to see us all; but If there Is any par ticular body in Upper Canada he cornea to on, tt is toe Orangemen, as they a n by tor the moat influential and respectable society to the Provmce; and n ' t they give htm a hearty welcome! _ [If, sir, there are any persons who should be humble to view o f the arrival o f our future sovereign among u s , i t 10 the Roman Catholics, who always toast the Pope'scaste, fata tureoftberenpt takto of a partisanrather toier party, ndtbnfnAta fan ten kindled, thewisely expressed his determination not to laaHj a t all. Many comments w e n made during t h etoe U.Anktpttd Oefieral Battle with to weto Qo«cttroa berk. BUtunora, T. ^J^J^ J j ,•Kftptturroops. 5^^** ek^^ap^npsasav '•^•aww^—'^gsaw'wn ^^wnr •M r —^ » ~ .—^^^A / t A f M e J l r i —B ef tans loan lnmntoti tafoodWARLIKE MESSAGES ROM TORONTO. health before her Majesty's. Is lt not they w t e w e n o o lately yelling ta the cathedral for his Holiness the Fnpef Was it not tbey who giveasunrior allegiance to toeTHE TRW* 6€N£RALLY DISAFFECTED Their Defeat or Stampede laGaribaldi.descriptions of Amnion: ltoseedotl ta f 2 * J * " E * i r ;*>. a 30*. M- Flab oils stow ofteto a» «**•»**?"? UIIMI IO«II £108 4 £146 Basts ore, ">W"| » 'TM" T—'•...•.- -?.T?T- a. M. BSpnirtita turDiOUtMMarm.Pope,"even u thespiritual powerisgreaterthanthe whichtheydispersedwith torn cheers" temporal'" Is it not they who, in defiance of the Bocle-the tees Ceaal stteme, alarge itaknby thei haveia whichef toe requisiteVery Rev. Vicar Gene- toe deputation, stated that he w n confident that, in the Catholics are very few Innumber aad keep qu.et, allow- and shake bands with every Cm p i , betesl i n r p o o ldocks, Is dead.relations between rraace afljf'I congratulating the latter Power nthis etty have determined not only to take part intheprocession, bat b a n atoo commenced the erection o f anarch decked eat with Orange colors, under which the Catholics m n t walk. Like toe nptives of ancient Rome,who were paraded through the streets by their conquer-ors, they would be obliged to beat under this arch andacknowledge the supremacy of their ton. (Cries of" Never I never 1" •<Pull It down I") the Orangemen,though swinging from the same country, had endeavoro 1,in this fend of their adoption, to perpetuate toe hatepad discord which existed i a their native Ian J.Orangeism wore transplanted to Canada by aperson whom he would not name, they all knew, andwho pomened a very disreputable character. (Bear ) overestimated. It has separated Upper aad Lower Cana stag. But be ia not his own master. 1 sm glad of tha It h n grown ta large proportion during the last fewt h e Lerto ffor grain had ben a n t fromFRAKCE.pM A P L E S .tge^^ga^atoaK jgha^a^aa4eaojeu Bae^jS osafat g^o^gafji aVoleilnojMMi the*W " * ! nWnnWwW • • • / « * OVmm *a>Ui«T9U D JThe fort of Bapwlo rijUniiil n the Hat. The garri- •i were allowed to stave, with theirswl baggage only.'General Cosew, with a eoniderable force, bad crossedThe Garibaldians were masters or Fort Delpiz/.o.portant consequences t o throughout the Province.them and their co-religlaalats Let us, he said, be united;never desert the enemy, and by that Imen the PriaeelpurposeprocuringCAraRAn.npt.e, Liverpool August S», viaThe steamship Great Batten arrived at Milford Haven at balf past six o'clock P.M. of the 38th.In the House of Commons, on the 25th, Lord Palmers- ton acknowledged the services rendered the Christians h icharacter and calculated to arouse the worst feelings of Mayor that n y circumstann had occurred to promt his his Royal Highness enters the arch to send op tonetheir opponents. To prevent this display a strong hearty cheers. Thus the Prince would see what muner visiting Kingston.has been made by the Roman Catholics, of men the Orangemen are, which he would not do by The Council then adjourned and toe Mayer weal onill advised by renegade Proteetaate, among whom U Get tanned at Protestsalt aal "* *e an PJN sdecree had ben issued opening the French doty free, of all kinds of foreign ..of flag. Vessels ladnwithThe political lignlfieann of this movemnt cannot be da years apart.movemnt Thank God we e n net ted at the aan strings of infernal creatures called nuns. If we were m might a n the Prince.Br. Laughliasaidweoughttoexpress sympathysmTn-Thera ta but samjUaaelry *ed «9P".*7 ST4 nH^rtirif y , ' ^ - ' . T ^ , " £_«« t^fuceoa ell< *In conclusion, permit me to n y , air, that toe RomanCatholics may dress ta regalia o r without It, may carryfiagaorbannera,justntnypine;tteOrangemennever ItwasproposedtopanarnotnttoatovtttagthePrince for a moment thoagbt of dictating to them what they to land without a processm. The Mayor n i d a prooesshouldwear;tofact, they an toosmall game for top atonwouldcertainlybeformed,andhe couldnottelltbe bay.Oiangemen to fly at. We need atow pneh Rrttlah bearta Dake a lie about it. Councillor Alexander asked if tbe as Admiral Milne among our dougbUeed officials to teachMayor had told the Duke that there w n no danger ef a breachofthepeace. TneMayornidhedidnotthinkthere w n the slightest danger. Councillor flytand n i d Then they the whole difficulty w n the fault of a few demagoguesAlderman Cnighton paid, on the contrary, that tbey were backedbythereelingofthewholepeo?le. Iuanswertoa question who were liberal Protestnts, Mr. Hvlaad npiled "Those who had not takn part in the procession."Theyateo.afnra short fight, occupied Villa dan Gio- will be exempted Cram tonnage don. Tata to vanni.years, through the influence and exertions or such men,who now join ta threatening the liberty of their fellowc i t i z e n , and preventing them from participating in thegrand welcometo their royal visiter. (Cheers) He the centre of the stream. The Orangemen are w n proud to inform them that the m n t influential mea, to ssove at shortNAPLKS AND SICILT. of Calabria and,by Garibaldi, lafuByAn angina steamer, the Oriel, from Hull withgen for Messina, was seised by the passengers while thecaptain was ashore at Genoa. It it supposed the pas-sengers won friends of Garibaldi. The vessel w n char- compelled to amy to home. No Catholic could, in his teredunderapenalty of£6,000 against ninre, and too opinion, under then circumstances, takeaparttatheTbe Prion fan not yet left.chartered a steamer to follow him w b n be sails.I b a n been shown toe copies of toe letters of ths Duke of Newcastle and the Governor General, wfaiofa a n ia pos- session or toe leader of the Orangemen, bat under a pledgeat ot Polinesa was at the head of the in the province of BaaiUtn.\ e f the national Guard o f Naples edthe*renjaaUoas,hicnasnaiosoftheforeignsion of 'Orangeism. He trusted the stand taken by the thing could not be done,.and represented to them that ifaddressed to tbe Governor General. He say i :—I have been advised that in several towns the Orange tiociety iatend erecting arches and decorating them with the insignia or the sr Order. I have also been informed thattheOrangemenintendappearingtamoccasinwith theirfullregalia. Ittaveryevidentthuanysuchdis- play ia likely to lead to religious leuds aad brenfaeo of the l^eace, and i cannot consent that the Prince shall £>e mixed up with n y such scenes, n foreign to the intention of his visittoCanada 1wishyouwouldinformtheparttatcon- cerned of my feeling in regard to this matter,aad try to perauade them to alter their lutcation; and that there may be no mistan, I n d , I snail advise the Princertaa, but prouder to b e a Protestant. H e came to n the Prinn, but was more glad to a n the Oranges***, who, n a e s u r n t f a e m , would fiad sympathy in the 0siW<mates,mmMaintoFlorida.Rev. Mr. White nid the origto of the whole troohwwas the attempt of the Catholics to keep Granges*! (wn walking in tbe prooeamon, and they pammnlcatal their resolutiontotheDuke. TheirchildrenwoulJboldtatttt of September sacred.Grand Marshal Robtana, who, ia a mvalry sat, tat been most active daring the day, said that this mwasg toe tales had round their husbands, brothers and tots to the great work before tbem. Tbe government htn a rotten. McDonald, oar premier, ta a ro.ea OraDgetm, aad Beary Smith, who might be a Sir, but e n aero- be a geatieinn, wm another of the same sort. If t a n men bad said the Prince must toad or ws Iter*The latest dnpaanhes o pay that a goaoral battleextend to the 21st ult.,andhad beenCatholics of Kingston would b e Imitated by their n reli giontata throughout the Province, and that, although they mightdifferonotherpotato,theywereallunitedtoop- posing an institution, whose career iu his native country had been marked with much mischief. and who now, ta this free Canada, sought to deprive us of the opportu- nity oT bidding a joyous welcome to onr young Prion.The following are the resolutions passed:—That we do most earnestly a n d respectfullyto his Royal Highness the impolicy of recognizing n y se- cret politico-religtoua association, who may take advan-tt w a s erected there would b e violence committed. There w n o n e thing certain—they would never walk underit (Grinof"No,no.') forhimself,hewould sooner be scalped. (Laughter.) What w n to be donerA Voics—Pull lt down.Mr. Eumurr—No, no. IT we attempt to pull it down they will resist; livts might be tost. Let them go to work in a constitutional form—not by employing force. (Hear, bear.) Upon consulting wito toe Programme Com- mittee it w n agreed that nine should be appointed to con- fer together, and endeavor to arrange toe matter ta anAUSTRIA AHD PRUSSIA.Lt .Vard roUeratos its account of the ansngemnto at TopliU, aotwiibnUnding too official denial, and UNarft obumetcredean to Paria, where the slmulta-cal capital for themselves by creating a religious feud in hal been routed. the community; and we do, therefore, most earnestly and The Calcutta produce market w n quiet. Import!otog- respectfully protest agatast the Orange body beta* al- i. -Kills lower, owing to large arrivals. Want lowed a plan ta the procession, upon the reoeption of hisRoyal Highness ta this city.That while no portion of her Majesty's subject* aremore devoted or more loyal to our beloved Queen, ormea, throe Protestants and torn Catholics. Tbey set to work, and though he w n not one of them, he had been credibly Informed that they nine to the conclusion not to go on with the arch The tarn Orange- men said they could n o t accede t o the proposition until they had consulted with their body. Whatever passed among that body h e could not n y , but found they were determined on going on with it, and operation were com-and if toe demonstration* n e persevered ia to avoid landing in each t o w n altogether.A postscript adds:—I have atoo been informed, though not with n much certainty, that toe Orangemen intend to ptrade at Kings- ton. Of courn my remarks apply totally to that city.t i n sympathised, | railways, vbtoh dailyidnll today at to-day:a Commlttn o f Conciliation, consisting o f torn Orangestate bow they nail receive toe Prince. very anxious to knew what the Americaa paperawill say about the affair, and declare they expecta great flood of annexation articiea.The City Onacil met this"morning, and passedtoefol-who ordered the French tags taken town -* Que***- Thn three groan were givn ia response to a Awjasd, "As jou hate the Duke of Newcastle, Gov.-ranr ttesera Brad, Generals Bron, McDon..l<! and Smka.Mr. MeKenew, editor of tbe ScuttL* Chawrtoa.appeared in faM Highland dress, n d sate —If joa hold Torouw yo«intotennwaTnarn ummCnirMT-a.•••»MM«|*|W|fa, 1strato took at a nfi da»> upon one side of which might be the or o n of Kogtaad's greaum warriors and most Itam IU, through whose exertions atthu hip Royal thht tola was a Proteatnt Pro viae*, where manly bearta and stout arms would be preparedtodennhtothronetacanorand,andwhere the French or n y other oat the Britwh flag dare not beMow, air, I ontond that it is moat appropriate that the Orangemen of this great nuntry should join their fellowof Newcastle, earnestly plwtffWtaf Gransuchprotectionfromthea tungoooi BBrattrm MABMBF. UvaanoL,Aagntlt,ltawn eve, toe meeting of Toronto gave u pten to-anrrcw. The Oraagemev. are prepares w prnentoeji. %»M\mrdson, Bpenn A Co , Wakefield, Na«h A At31*.4ta. WantfirmforbestaiTuesday'<ettremewhat courn to pur*ue. Tbey witl r*ooa'^r »<* rTbe community is greatly tsc:trd, sad toe OMC-T»« nlutation u no turrewder.Jotoad theis that she w n designed for Garibaldi.for Sicily.AUSTRIA.The Emperor of Austria and King of Wurtomburg wereabout to b a n an interview. ThereconetUatkmofAustriaandRussiaissaidtohaveben folry accomplished.INDIA AND CHINA,from Calcutta July 19, and Hong Kong Julyproceedings. H e w n glad to n e this targe and enthusi- astic meeting to-night m t h e hall ©T on of our fint edu- cational establishments. It w n a good omen. It showed that the Catholics o f Kingston h a d been at last aroused from their Indifference, and w e n determined upon taking active and energetic measures against the further aggresexplanation of the part t a k n by some of the prominent Ca-tholics slnn it w n kaown that Orangemen Intendedt.-> not to publish them. The Mayor keeps the originals, and Thn Mr. Robinson introdaoed Rev. Mr. Bohumway, *nto nearly ail the• a a • • a a^qi'...^was.emvey to fata Royal Highness the Prince of Wain tbe extreme regret ef the Council that any circumstann should have taken pton to prevent the lancing of hie o^^wfjsrwnw ans>a^pas|^B^BBnn* aan ^oatssn a#swj . e e i ^BS^BS asms a w^^a s^aam^Bsa aaaaata ojaaawv this Oouml requests that ais Royal Highaen will be gra- cioualypleasedtolandsitoeplaceappointedtothe udress of the city.AboutnoonthemagistrateswntnbeardtooKing ston, n d presented, an address welcoming the Prion tohappy to t n toe New Y on Anam rejwesmtod her*Be paid a complimnt to Its proprietor, aad quoted In**its editortal n the datj of adhering to toe right and e^Pporting u to the test. ^ ^ „ . i — • * • the meeting ton dtapersed. Theeltjta--.te-alght, n amy peepeare teaviag, lbs»»c_- I Gavaraor General, MeussaM >** • Newcamto, teaprotobeParsedta«mgyatswenigto teehjfat. T n pphapaawari'Uer*wtth gun tor BVttevUle, the a**"' to he ahopaartphed ta morrow.A Papeat was ktotmdl o f ton stand while A Papist wai aad*^^T"^^^P aeliveraa.a••»tyl WhatsillymortalstoneRomanCatholicsan,ani ThereforethismeetingIsreluctantlycompelled,asalas'. ~tobeforfearthey woaMhen resource,topresentanearnest remoteIT a— 91 a - 8S aaS PP a — « attl6 ton 'insult to u s n , noon mature/lelli stances of the can, Ws Gran,hts Royal Elates at, amp be ptaaito their prenat wpnteeted condition.Captain a-.u»wi.t secoaded the necessary to say m n t after the had from toe fewnatimnta watefacome to a climax, and like Roman c*irt.fv<*«i. ion ell qualities ed.»'e»SU.LOJCDO. ****££•AofMt ^ 1 M 0fedattetef tbe MlienhtpVli^d GwftBnT%iPeral to Ian refeeai to tana. AapHy Ptorted o f pt tone e-eink, m lby toe torts si she steamed up p*Messrs Bering "MOW1 " V 1 - " "qamier; the ftea •a arvane oftehte]te?£aW«er; *•*U.eamntoo ereefce/4e per quarteComatttn reported that they Orange leader or to make pay»tf^irea«»Wf«li>-Wtf huoynt, withSrlS. lrnstesdy et£»6ea£6lOe.forrathend fall prices,clming at 31K. Unseed andlb be pan net above tbhBejjetftby/, thethe BrianAM aattawThe Prince Refuses to Land ia ton,andisInsulted,•94• , - v , -Knssrop, C.W.,Sept. 6,II Early this morning everything was alive and" a trite, theirclans,andprnnted an imposing appearance with pew,n orold,ta,"Nosurrender." A TRUEBLUE. oil in good demand their flags » d banners, while the streets were crowded KiNGSiOK, August 2 7 , I860.ioik dell, and unchanged ta price. ; to limited supplies; common IP sellingslightly,selling atSOs tatthelatterfigure.These two selections show both sides of the question. Astateoffeeling prevailswhichbidsfairnotonly to Thewholedifflcultymayberesolvedintothesimpiestate,mnt,"Onwill,the otherwon't;' and,notwithstand- ing toe proposition w n made ta the Reception Committee that both parttat should parade without badges n mot-ground, aboutthousand wentoe othercauseshadthinnedtheHAVE*, August 88,18tt., for tret ordinaire i port, 408.600 hales. WheatiOBall qualities, 01 crape. The dull, coffeebut firm; tallow firm,nor less than the revival of the old dissensions that have almost from time immemorial existed between those two belligerent bodies, the Protestant 8aelsty of OrangemenIn the present instance this seems to h a n hnppre-eompromln be effected.In regard to the obnoxious arches too Orangemen claimtoe same right of erection as their Roman Catholic neigh bor», and as the number o f t h e former expected to b o present ta estimated at from fifteen to twonty thousnd,every other Protestant is an Orangeman.'The Mayor Paid the Date w n aware that the Councilhad ao power to prevent an Orange procession Mr. Hy land offered a resolution, in which the words loyal Catho lies and l^teetaata occurred, and it w n moved to crossthen w n no tton at the meeting,Grand* t~T-jH-lMw^BgrpipBT--sports en•red. Hear,Indeed, than has scarcely ban a cessation of excitementYork,and£196s. duringthenight. TheOrangemenquiteearlygatherel rights,andknowingdaremaintainthem. Theirmottoghtlr, the latter comtone people Uieir true position O/angen know theirwithi>eople.createimmediatetrouble,buttoresultinconsequencesso thrntening in their character as to exalte the apprehen-IVMMChesales of the wee* foot up sions of all coaceraed. The difficulty is nothing more toes, there Is little probability that either will yield or a Mr. Alexander cried, "No! in this matter, myself andA toad seemed lifted from e finally left, and tolamuch a dhturbann w n dreaded. Catholics hasclpitotod b y the determination on the part of the the majority over their opponent ta so gnat that it is out loyal, because it hinted that some persons b e n w e n Oraagemn wareand at THE NEWS BYTHEPRIXCE ALBERT. formertoparticipateintheceremoniesorthereception notatalllikelytheywillrecedefromtheirposition. nottayaL MtanyvetoesfromaBparteofthehellorled aregmdtoseeallPrenataatotoUewas. Wewerean8bJoan,N.F.,Sept.6,I860. Haseparateanddistinctassociation,andtoerectarches ThesuggestionfanbeenmadethattonOrangemen out"theyare."Theresolutionwasthnpassedthatthe paredtomnttoePrtase. Letaimwantoverourbod*, The steamship Prince Albert, from Galway August 28, bearing emblems of their principles along the route of should form in two solid bodies, o n n each side of the Prince be invited to tad at the place appointed and re- but our colors must be there. N et a hair of that Partarrivedhenatsoonto-day. procession—emblemsgenerallyofthemostoffenlvearch,allowingthePrincetopassbetweentbem.andasninnaddress,andconveyingatetheregretsofthebeadwillbeharmed,ndbeknowstt,buttohatboaT°Caps Race at tfareeo'olock this Syria by Abd el Kader, n d said the British Consul had and by their m a n meetings, resolutions and other aay other menu; and with their banners^ scarlet gown hoard with this rnoUtton. to a few moments intelli- BMrebyOsnotte.boarded by the news yachtthe two countries continue to disparaging terms, tomeans, a determination lias b e n created on both sidesthe t t t h , Lordt had no ©fltetal tafermattoa nlati ve to theof Garibaldi to Cambria, h o t had reoeived asaid that there was no trath in the Austria had threatened to supportThe Emperor had till her own frontiers were to ndrestes by thethe object of the young Prince, toe aon of sovereign, a joyous and i to Upper Canada, and t o protest against the Orangemen of this city, with their party bannera and party emblems, being allowed a place in the procession.He considered the oincial noUoe given by that owlet* of their intention to do so an insult offered to everyatLyoni iile condemned the un- such an outrage upon pablio decency and public morality. declared that nothing The Orangemen might talk of their loyalty and boast ofAlderman Tax, whota a mimhsr ottte ttpynmmo Com- mittee, stated that the Ronum Catholics ought to erect an arch near the other, and he w n certain that the Orange-would not decline to march under f tThe matter w n finally left to the hands of the Chair-who summoned three of the moot iafluntial mem- bers of the Orange body,tarn leading Catholicsand torn of too Programme Committee, to discuss, and, if possible, settle the difficulty. They came to toe conclu- sion to go on with the arch.On the Thursday night following a mam meeting or Ca-a council to decide upon their course, aad unanimously refund to prenat n y addresses except on shore. They were loudly efaeerad.Old men walked along the Orange ranks railing out "God btappyou"—'Stand firm."The Grand Marshal Robinson, rode like m a d along a line of about tone thousand rebels—for so they are now called—reading toe following despatch Croat the Grand Master Cameron, a t Toronto—"Everything depends em Kingston,Orangemen. L ot year motto b e "Noawren der." We will follow him wherever he gon. He cannot eater Toronto except under the colore." Thisgreeted b y cries—"No surrender," "Let him go home." "Perhaps they will take him to toe UnitedThe American flag Is more freely displayedlast night, n d people are shouting aad yelling at mentionofOrangemottoes.Ex Mayor Flanagan is the leader of the Orangemen, pad several Councllmn are In the ranks.I no intontlantooall rojt Australian mail servtoe via Panama.I at Oa.. n a e n e n r s tor too Red Sea telegraph, had la n i t , alleging that theeontract had, to recover the par owtage retain*and to be compensated for the re-pairanboeqantlyexaMted. The company denied the iofthecontract.We And Catholic institutions•an ther <* tonwaround himThey w e n loyal from principle; It w n their rights. They were aware that the Orangemen ofiiieh government.*and emblems, grouped together arouud their richly de- gence w n received that the P r i o n badthat is likely to result to scenes of riot and bloodshed, corated arch, they would form a spectacle such as the land. Thereupon the Orangemen and troops drawn up inthe ©mage bodies are always known to go Prince m ay never again n o ta fata lifetime. Ten or front or the City Hall set up a tremendon shout.ville be must ge through toe Orange arch, and mutt p by Orangemen. The Governor General a m worthy the respect of loyal people. OvaBegtan1*due the Queea only n tongas she seaintahuourebgm, and I boldly prodaim it. (Hurrah.)Rev. Mr. Wilson,of toe Free Church, said be wmat n Orangeman. Hehadbencalledafirebrandbyattar ministers for rantaTagiag Oraagemn, but he wssjlp)Tbey only stood up for eqetJrtfte tbe city. The Cathoitat cools m under Orange arches wbn Oraagemn bat vasaltri colored flags enough to ptasps pajaefa. Tbe Prion's poor heart wn aching paw, * if be had his own way ho would go ptonLard Palmerston also said the government had no in- formation relative to the intention of France to establish a fort on the Lake of Geneva, an* explained the positionof the Savow I****,Parliament had virtually concluded its labor for theby edjourotag till tbe 28to, when toe prorogationSt. Martin's Music Hall in London had beenJburned.Mr. Undsay, member of Parliament, had hotrized to proceed to Washington, and lay before the Ame-reiative to the navigation laws, belligerent rights, &c., • • t • " Waanaasa • • W aaaa^sinaBBaBjBBossBsm ^ s m eewtenr ^p^saw^^sjj| ^ ^ ^ w « ^ QPTajjjwsap• O w , ^OnS • dMaiewaBBVnntjr apansans v ^ a wsnwr v w e v a a^ajj^^Asia arrived at Liverpool oo the 28th. at Queenstownand ready ft» conflict. Already a warfare between the parlHtm— has been commenced in the press of toe provinces, and little more is to be found in their columns than the reports concerning the Prince, and disputations concerning their own righto, privileges and intentions.The following abstract of the report of a mam meeting of the Roman Catholics of Kingston, on the 24th ult., will show somewhat the stated the excitement:- ,The meeting w n called in consequence of the official notice given by the Orangemen of this city to the General Reception Committee of their intention of turning out, n a body, on the arrival of his Royal Highness the Prince of Wales, and asking to be assigned a place ia the preces-twenty m en deep would show well, n d their cheers would tell with admirable effect.Nor is this partisan feeling confined alone to Kingston. The people or Toronto b a n taken the matter in hand. Arches have been erected, and the tame determination on the part of both organisations manifested u that above recorded.On the 27th ult. a deputation of Roman Catholics wait- ed upon the Programme Committee or that city, and urged upon tbem the propriety of preventing the erection of an arch, in order that no cwns might be givn tor a display of partisan reeling. Mr. Moylan.on tte part ofEverywhere the expectatton Is expressed that the affair will end ta bloodshed. The bent brows and dotfirm topi Dims uf Ibe Orsngf arnn, innmrnrr n p—— resolve to fel- low,the Prince op.gewillstopnextatBelleville,andwhenthisknown pome o n called out among the Orangemen, with a fierce yell, "that's not a long walk.'*No words can convey an idn of the feeling here. There are one hundred thousand Orangemen in this part of Qappda aad tbe irrrltrimnt catches like fire.Many of tbe American here side with the Orangemen. Fortunately for the peace of the community, toe Romantost andjustics.the Bourse.their attachment to the British crown—we all know what that meant—but h e toelteved, and he had good knowing, daring hip residence of over sixty yearsthem, that h e r Majesty had no more devoted and loyal subjects inthe world than the Roman Catholics of Upperpnmes.ta Canada We ban fans, rated by Pt,—7, the time to stand up far war righto—sever restHis sole iInterest of withtholtos w n called, whicho n r by toeIn the courn of his remarks he nid:—by oneof the cathedral.r; thome. We bad better be aprovtaMtj* •o-rdnhavtagntjetbenFRANCE.to allow him to g o to a Protestant university, t * him r e n i n the Catholic priesthood, aad ITJTCOCITC A lOUBTlintjn• XeTJf fcaauQ) 1 0 0 * lUaHOTI UW W« find there Jesuits ta toe care of 9u*And a law authorizing Cathottos togive, that Franro should notof UpperHe well the time when the loyaltyw n pat to the test, and none stoodin h ?dhnaAw*yBjmahnalBnhi^a l t o their allegiance than the Catho- more true and faithful tolies of the Upp Provlnce. Bo believed there waspsora ge mooting o r Raman Catholics b eAnxious as w n their desire to pertloipele to the recep- tion, they could not do so if their reelings wen to be in- sulted. (Cheers.) They wore willing to grant the Orange- mengnat privileges. They stood onanequalitywith them, and aB they wanted w n a n acknowledgment o f.te.ttf. Ste-night thancouldbefoundamongst who formed the Orange Society inof their religion; b u t Orangemen w e n loyal It suited their o w n private o r political purpotes. Mting Jto take energetic action a t too preaent moment; it was one big with the moat im-.i uAt elevn o'clock too Councilwearing Orange regalia. The Mayor nnounced that theDake had reptel tost the Prince would not land, butwould receive addresses on board. The Council then advisers, till he leaves tone waters or lands. Your n -le stating that thedoubt, the'present movemn* would ha the meanto*n - tardtog the further development of that association, which had b e n productive of so much misery whereverMr. Macanow, barrister, of Kingston, learned with deep regret the intention of the Orangemen of this city to turnout in full regalia upon the arrival of bis Royal Highness, and that summonses calling the brethren of tbeditlerent lodges together tor that purpose had been extensively circulated. He thought it imprudent, impo litic and ill advised on the part of the Orangemen toef thegreat lililnny hint ThedefnlioaofthearmyofNaplesw consideredex- attemptthisdisplayonthepresentoccasion. TheCatho- hes would not stand it. We were all subjects of the namebroke ap in much excitement. The poor weak Mayor ta almost In tears.heartytrueloyaltyin, and Mr. Anthony• n o t of an arohbetag allowed to stand, tt might ted to tag the Duke of Newcastle to fight their battles for n a m . p strong aonfJtlolhm n the part of the catholics./ The ministers or the varkms Protestant churches heldDate of Mawmillr and Governor General Bead an take the Prton throagh Catholic ualvertniet neries,ndputn addresstafataband,Iniwhichhta made to eulogize toe Catholic system oftbe sight of an Orange banner tatremely probable, and it aas hoped that Garibaldi would sovereign; all devoted to the crown and person of her Intbe city, of all classes, many of them Protestants, parading n d the people are talking iu excited groups. the poor Prion. Aahe tooted ashore he n w n everjlea to nunorsaf aomathing toportani relative as Lord EIK> • •«* Biron Grn had gone to the Gulf oJ I'e-Provitiews JutLtin*Fulton New York 13069>me Bersaglieri, who landed from Sardinianpursue in the emergency—to memorialize, if need be, h.s Gran the Duke of Newcastle, and give expression to the feelings of the Catholics, not only of Toronto, hut of Upper Canada. If they were determined to persist in thus publicly insulting the Catholics of Toronto, thn the only alternative left for tbem was to prenat their me- morial n d to 3tay sway from the reception altogether, and to take no part ta the demonstration.Mr.Bumurrwn sorry,henid, toseeto-nightthatsuchu object had called toam tepetan. He went into a longthe faces of the royal party, who coolly watchei them from the boat with opendsy h n gone by when rates ran dictate to tbe pw* We now sppak aad think for ouraelves. Kingston a tat Deny of Caaada—(Cfaeern—and we have conquered I know many ana oa board the Kiugstoa who would tare givn thoamnrti to aaaihtlata the electric toicgraakwday, for it will carry thia fire through Caaada. Jonto*' * * " * - " * * * WM*"* tht0nHmaLarge bodies of rebels, who took refuge in the jungle tage of the presence or his Royal Highness to make point amicable manner. Three of them were Orange to pan through no punt* where such arches are erected,of rain u« eataned the destruction of the crops. Ex- of the French ambassadors to Vienna and change, 2* > 4 .LIVXKPOOf. COTTON HARCBT.Of MM11 to day were 10,000 bales, including—-gunan t h e Prince o f wales, that the powers of our chief magistrate, although energetically p u t forth to attain the end in view, have pen found unequal to the task, aad moreover overruled by the higher autnortty of toe Board of Works, as will appear by toe tatter of hie Worship hud before this meet- ing; and whereas, subsequently, with simitar Intentions,-»MfBBFOOLNaah A Oo. and Rtohardson, S p n n A Co. report flour baoyaatatSOs. a 33s. Wheal arm at full prices. Corn tenjiap upward; mixed and yellow, Pas. afit*.Pd.uvpmroei. FnortPMPf HABUT.Iter hewn, i n n duo. team quiet. Lard steady at"•aPAs. Tatnw quiet but steady at 61s. a 63s.UVtotPOOL PBODUCK M., at oa.P«. tor common Spirits tarpentiuetng and passed resolution condemnatory of the Orange Society taking any part in welcomitg his Royal ~ thePrteoe fWales. WhatIwintocalltl attnttan of the Protestants of this Provine to is thedictate to the Orange Sonety n to whether they shall join in welcoming the Prime, and, IT they do, ta what tenon they~abna d o s o First, they s a y they have strong objection to join ta a proendoo with a poiiiiwsuits; and severnl other strenuous eflorts to the same pur pert b a n proved fruitless; and where is, the erectiou of toesaidarchisooastderedbytoeentireCatholicbolyasa galiing insult to taem, aad as such emamntty calculated wtaaato a flagrant broach of the peace, ana, perhan. to bloodshed on the part of violent mea on both sMea-a re- sult at all limn to be deeply deptored hy all peaceably disposed person, but most especially upon tbe auspicious onspfon of toe visit of too Illustrious Prtnce, whom w e aHfnt delighted to honor n d to receive withaoordialbtaWorshiptheMayorberonaastodto bold ailCanada. Theprors was with them Be **Htion:—ROMAS CATHOLIC DHTATIOW.The papers are atttng, "la tola a British Province?"'!!*"JHow much more appropriate would it b o If they asked, and tor export. The market closed do we tin under a Protestant government? or is this a ProtestantProvince, w h e n civil and reliclous liberty i s granted to all. and when self government" exists? Then to Protemaata every oay, and . when reading iu the Whig the unparalleled iniLodeuee and effrontery of the Roman Catholics of tonHundreds of voices announced that they were willing togotoBellevilleandTorontotomeettoePrince Cbeeri»Uady. K i n firm and aUghtly• ten snoouUtlvo inquiry. ? ? c i £ ^ l * , ^ , ^ " B * » » Pfittttoo-rnjjton poato aad nailed welcome.«H•SSLSSfiP* J W " * • », Patrtat*aotey ofo r c ^ d - ^ ^ a a ^ ^ r ^ ^ rthe* taotgnhtonn n a p be aeenTdfl t h u are afraidtoeetty. affected —Heread toe tallowing reply,evidentlymuchl "*!«*«».' ?h» sortes are. in aldfkiaATtem-www.fultonhistory.com" 'ta founded upon two great principles, loyaly andUntitled Documentu>uOrange bloodhounds. (CUeera.) But things had nowThomas M. Tryniski309South4th Settrebend our neck* arch /<»ibuild tola arch. On Monday a meeting was appointed to see what measures were deemed most advisable. They watt- ed upon the Programme Committee to ascertain If somerefuses to g i n them to the press. The Duke's letter ta Newark, M. 3. He nid he w n proud to be a Praj»y«The other letter, from Sir Edmund Head to tbe Mayor€MTtta'aaaaaa^if^bneAmiv asticgreetingthantheRomanCatholicsorthiscity,wemencedonKingstreet.TherewnnoalleraatlnbattoofKiugstoa,enclosestheDukeofNewcastle'sletter,andgovernment,bewouldhavebeenheroBOW.Ifttbadmore desirous of extending to her noble son an enthusi-mpf)Ta^p^sn.! " •e^s^aae,^ cheo. Iti^t auapucted theywould attempt to renew arereluctantlyresolved,however,toabatuafromJoining wait on the Mayorandan if he,n chiefmagistrate,after recapitulating tbe information received^adds that thi Prince's visit shall not be made tbe means of the re- cogalttoa ef the Orange or any ether partynotbeen for Orangemen whore would the Protnan have been to-day? Let no one who can go to Beflevifie atay at home. Tea and the Prion will tod me m an wharf, and with me, I think, y n will t a d men at fte*n himself.Chaplain Flyna called t h e D u e of .VarcasUe * .a*T eyed Jesuit, whose only desire ta place. Give hi* tbsi aad he earn nothing for Prince or prtacipk.Captain Mood, of tbe nvalry, had received criers from Catoaei Cameron to take off the orange rosetaa«rto woulddtabaadtoetroop. Heonlyanswered,therosette* are min—orders are yuan.Captain Ftaaaigan had received the same orfcrs, an.' I*- told the Colonel that tbe drees w n not complete »tbem. Thn the Colonel atked it n a fav-r. The Oap-continue to dispute U Nard't futile negotiations, while everything Indicated the inten- ta the procession If the Oiangemen a n recognized on the could not put a stop to the proceeding. Accordingly thisMEWS.throughout the Province.That copies of the foregoing resolution be forwarded tohieExeellncytoeGovernorGeneral,tohtsGranthe Bake of Newcastle, and to the General Reoeption Commit- teeofetusen.KmetnoK, August 26, I860.solutions, embodying the opinion of llhe Catholics of Toronto, should be passed, n d an address prepared for presentingtotoeDukeofNewcastle,mabyhimtobe laid before her Majesty. He ton moved toe following resolution:—.^whwen, it appears from the report of a committee of toe Catholics of Toronto appointed to wait upon his Wor-Imports. Inoourselves to oppon, by all the legitimate means in our Mayor's action and unanimously approvn of tte erection, possession, the contemplated ditpiay of Orangeism ta this thn formally sanctioning it. The Mayor w n obliged tocity, and also to oppose by all constitutional mean the knuckle under. Tbe Catholic Committee then called a return to power of any official advising or sanctioning meeting of forty or fifty gentlemen, and they agreed that nob. demonstration, and that for this purpose we n k toe some steps should be takn. After mature consideration assistance and oo operation of our fellow Catholics it w n resolved to call a man meeting, when certain reparty bannera or decorations shall he thrust upon him. The letter closes with directing the Mayor to take every mean ta his power to prevent the Orange de- monstration, as toe Prince certainly will not land if the paraoe is made.This afternoon toe Oraagemn received a dnpatoa frombrethrentaLowerCanada,offering tocomeonif necessary, and assuring them that toe safety of Canadian taatitatton depnded upn their firmness.Throe volunteer rifle, one artillery, with several can am, aad two cavalry eompanlea, commanded by Captain Ftaaaaasn sad Weed, parade with the Oraagemn.The steamer BownmavUta w n placed at the disposal o ftoe socitty, and the tender, la accepting it, n i d that theywould follow the Prinoe to hell! if he w n t there. Theycall him the Duke of Newcastle's puppet, and threaten tot n aat feather the Bete M they can catch him, for at- were givn for toe Queen and Prince aad Admiral a n e -That we, the Roman Catholics of Kingston, do pledge applied to too Board of Works, n d they vetoed the society, n d that during ths Prion's stay aoit no politicalthe no.mea three Protestants end throe Cathoitat, w n aapeiat- The uninHtlii IP liner, but stul showery, Wakefield, city, who, according to that paper, met on Friday even ed, but, unhappily, without eflecUng n y beaeaotal raThe following article, dipped from one of the Kingstonfor American securities is papers, ie a view from the Orange side of the ques- ship the Mayor on Monday taut to solicit toe interposition, at n% a 93 for moneyof tbe authority of his Worship the Mayer to prevent the ernttoa of an n o b ta this eity by the Orange institution n toe visit of bis Royal Highnon toe P>UM» «rtain asked if O u t would Nentiefy bin, **«•' yes, n d the Captain took off the rosette. thaakn him, aad be then put it oa again.CotoaThe GHeaeIt ten an- tbemntiag aad the which, beOetnolics They bad given up their St. Patrick's pimiasum to pacifr toastGawtusom—I thank you staoerely for ths address you nave prnentad to me In the Queen's name I accept the esprntomaaf year loyally tc her government eud psr w*i;audtormyeeii,ismgratefultoyoufortheweaioavi to your aeiphwrhood, although c.rcumstauces watch I greatly denture prevent m y landing In your cttv and theojaoant country.bftPhaaasaaeta that tathta royal address of th«amtis tretes.the sentence exnrcezinr the 'woe tV.tta* tilthnanehorodotT BeJtavlite, n d wif tod xae rvmn uOn the part of the Prion ofnlghtofnnaiio^lcatartycoanimwnto^tte ptaytag of"Yenkn Dnte,'* end chant tor theaVnt- dent of the United States, nmeew oaltod out"the Onagemaa o n walk ta tat States pay how, to aptte ef a t n e Princes ta the world."Justin the gray of toedowntothe Prince'sbnt,feelings, had toe band ptay the "Maraeutas Hymn,"The decorations for the Illumination w e n takn damn. from toe public buildings last night.Rev. Mr. Byrnes, a Methodist, said:—We e n de better without the Prion than without principle. I love tbe Prion forevery tear heabed wbn he heardtoectuidretTwmva O'CLOCK. The Prince's b n t h n moved from the wharf toThe Oraagemn have-JHheld ato tbe publicAi least nbet fatign aaiThe weakness of tatunanimous aad areioseton goveran by Popery. Ibraoktatsis the Quran hereaff. (Cheers) RT oar ratalsmauraaoemswillassertnowthat KtanorUnseatmCb#te»^pijBB>^tha nvafary company, foBraals-Hf m '^^mm.- M^s^rp.Co . Bhjmad, Afihya A Co . report —Fwur firm and steady eetrn; ^ ^ ^ *"" *** W W " ^ « - oowBtrymeu In wetaemtag the Priaoe. the OraosoJSO-Toaosro, &>pt. I , iw°; TheOrngemenbanameeting he?ew-Bigh'wa«_"r e 