 t*to the oM•**••*•_ ' / e W M M M l f ^ Missouri JZ*.k Douglas D*- »»aa—who«6 !r<H>f—i» saidfc» irits from fit* >pele$« c«tor- ere; but us-hooel-«« case* 'h«!f«ale opj>»-a>pirattoM—isSHOP.it Shi?, is athe busineea *>everthe}*M, its cowudera- tthai sheosa * for Iter «c- 31.50 a day, Ild swnll that pag but K*iUi 1-ss, for ahe ia teople yi«rt aIch a gro*t. pi; *t excursion her to popular foment from a ic pro6taM» ia attend all her batina k«-« gas assengexs from b ^ n no diapa- maitied to be, fcher, an exeep- fight, with ordi- lployed th* few leh to her ow*the multitude. to take a[ i Jother placet, ' their htrbemioat her.irpvet, i-y which ^visions in E a - h for months toae will probably p and r&ilruad Jb>-fan*}bility ofir? is under dis- is the oceantt by the use of e time, a way engaged in theI. ©rdy Norther* loaded, an*!, as of the .Grand•trie mar be Ineot, it thus ly cargo that lections of t h e y adapted for ar^e number of r»7 a3 to permit The sngzea- tck-ration of the and the direct*-r undoubtedly 'ith bnr, and if Ibh of ecmmeraa l.rid will be the-sersornot,PJBfinforms us that of Commerce, !*> Dem«»cratic> the Dongl»s- Breckiond^ h embittering7l>f the interior- >y-autaority** it was copiedof and Ar$pss,t Albany, aad editors of Tn« fact that thespoken oppo- nsnation, ha*, j spf-essed ra- diated his dis-"recognizes [e•to emigrate trty,, whatever ^dinthe enjoy- Iriee in rwlation »a*e not tendedfriends of the -Nor does it . they refleet ar-fiftha of theergies give oai ander their burden. But evenCorresponding S«cr«t&ry, Dr. Eog«teof Kentaoky;POLITICALINTELLIGENCE. •—•The New-York correspondent of The Charleston9u Journal and ail tueir share [h:> furnirfh the Ibe corn. W e JK, as ai»o those ><::*• language bwhich Ti*—•More Texas Fires..m-w from raising the flag of eitber wing of 'the party, in hopes that a union would be effected in the Demo- cratic raik < in thia State; but as t ate haa passed, the two ees'ions have become more estranged, and the prospect^ of unity have decreaired. Of course we regret this. We are still aa ready as ever to support a union electoral ticket, and sincerely desire the nomina-vor to his own head.—The Lockport Advertiser says that Gov. Hunt was the other day ordered by the Court to be fined $25 for non-attendance as a juryman at the present session.of tl e Circuit Court. Jadge Bowen pleaded in extenua- tion that the Governor was a member of the Niagara County Bar, but Judge Davis'insisted on imposing thee<< fduring bis ftay in this State he failed to engage in a tingle soil to which he can refer as the sounse of anybut we are not disposed to abuse and denounce those;air,Den ocrats who. have ch sen differently. Our fight|n -* i:b tie D<x**ta« LMMInth*Seat* f^Mn^ ih-lr fv,rwH- wj-v-tioo «>f ****<*-Lcuud, ia L'irt »!<»• |-,- • -« »(}•».•; aaAit by tto *«»**. i f u w to soiact• 1 Ckfl UM>7 not Wjf, *1». n thry,Hn*n W* Udaa |« forward and£jtf a report of >ard of Alder- he is made to nvwe eutertaia-oadermaa was public the op- facUoo, by l»t- pdrhaps, ^wy the means by,>fiedM too*** immated*a of the Forty «horteued byr exploits in fin. If this b* tard to be»r ^ioo of a whole |S«OIM and con- ifrt-aniael* than [>udh »*?o *B"| f-»r the drtiad- t [ acquired; li&pd the vital «*•distinction whatever. And al hough John stayed in is with Abolitionism in all its forms; our"efforts are to*Iowa for a goodly time, ho was forced to the conclu- bft directed to the doiVat of the Republican purtv; our , resemblance to a young lady stopping at the United'A,3; o-i$&m^^^--detith does net insore forget fuJne»s; tae memory Treasurer, Dr. Dillinchara of Fsunajivaaiu Attorney-Qeoersl Black having left for th» North,of the dead smoog the Forty Thieves is execrated and Secretary Floyd foe Virgiui*, only two Cabinetpsot only because he has io his time belooged to both The Bepublican CongreeBional Convention for the Vth District aseembkd here to-day, and nominated (heparties, but also because he is going to vote for Hon. J*me8 M. Ashley for reelection by acclamation.of the Committee." . debate, but the appointments Mr. Yatea had announced at Republican naee meetings. 8u<:h an arrangement —The Republicans of Manchester, N. H., held a vouldof course be impracticable; owiog to the fast large and spirited meeting on Tuesday evening after that Mr. Yat»-8has no control over local mass meetingsMr. Douglas, who, btrictly speakiog, seems w>be-3or g to neither. As for the Hon. W . Duer, he willprobdrb'y have to expand the name a Jictle, and callhimself a Whig Republican Democrat, to indicatethe fact that, between his former Wbiggery and New-Han pshire, died yesterday at his residence in his preseiit quasi Drmocr*cy, he coquetted with Exeter.v<hich the Wide-Awake Clubs,-with a band of music, already arranged where other Republican speakers are at nonn< ed. Htnce Mr. Yates cannot accede toBepublioanitm in California, and made thirty or forty thousand dollars thereby.enthusiasm. " .v•UAT.irAX, Thnrsday, Aug. 2,18G0. Prin-e left Balifax at 7 o'clock this morning, by cars, for Windsor, accompanied by the Governor, Admiral Milne, Gen. Williams, a bnlliiot staff, the members of the Government, and both branches of ington to join them in Mass Meeting at Glen's the LegisWure. He received a handsome reception. Triumphal arches bad been erected, and salutes wers Falls on Wednesday, the 15th inst. Judge CUL- fired by the volunteers, artillerj aAd rifles from Hal- TER. DANIEL ULLMASP , and JAMES B. MCKEON, ifax. A"rter a col'a'ion he proceeded by land to Hunts- 3dL C , will surely be among the speakers. Tney port, wi'h an tBeort of over 200 carringes. He re- ceived andresaes at Windsor and Huot^port, and em- anticipate a Teal ". wide awake" time. Come up, barked at 11:40 in the British gunboat Styx, which—On Tuesday evening the Germans of Rochesterheld a me* ting, which was one of the most enthusiasticThe Lincoln and Hamlin boys of W A R R E N County, N. Y., invite those of Saratoga and Wash-and signiGca»t demonstrations made there during thepresent camptign. Dr. Donai of Boston, Mr. Kireten nel writes of au incident on the Hudson River Rail ridge. Tbe glee club was in attendance, snd favoredbrethren of the sifter Counties! and see how fcrigbtry burn the fires of little Warren for Lin-Moont Morris (Livingrton Co.) foimt-r. ', St. Lawrence Republican.coln and Liberty!.—•" publican. .Buffalo Commercial. " . Waverley (TiogaCo.) Advocate.The following is a list of the Aldermen who on Tuesday night last gave their votes in favor of theThe Teachers' Association. THIRD DAY.SYRACOSE, Thnrsday, Aug. 2, I860; After the adoption of the r*soia»ioi;a reported by theDemocratic politician, who waa on the stamp for Douglas in 1858 comes out in a letter in favor of Lin-" Yes; sentiment, indeed, rather than sense. The Republicans enlist all the teutiment; they are a senti- mental set."Seeing that I was more amused than surprised, he continued:PERSONAL.•great Japanese robbery:'Committee yesterday, Mr. Bulkley reported on the coln. McDoncugh County gave Douglas 200 majority coDdinon of Tlte Teachers' Advocate, statin j that the in 1858. ' . '—The New-York correspondent of The Philadel- testified that be was accompanying li Engine'Co.; phia Press says that among the recent graduates from tbey were assaulted with stones thrown from TrinityJlmnr 8WITH, JOBTT H BXAJ>T, W'x. J PUCK, KiCHAKD BAKKT, >»irHAET. TOI'MBT, F. I. A Booiac, JOU9 T BXX&Y, GXOHGK STARK. G. M. PLATT.Legislature had failed to make an appropriation for it,ai»o it must now rely upon the support of teachers. —The young men of Troy met on -Tuesday evening, •>'*; See. here, I'll tell you. I am 60 years old. I have;M»es. S.B.Anthony offered a resolution providing and took steps toward the formation of a Central rawed a family of four"boys, and raised them all in theChurch; he arrested Tfioe. Hurler, whom ha caught Weet Point was a son of Commodore VaoderbDt, and throwing stone*; there ww no other arrest;. couMn't..that the father promised the youth $100,000 if be s»y whether the prisoner belwged to the Department.would bring'hinxteJf among the first five, or $50,000 if On coni'daint of Hoee Company No. Twenty-Nine- agaioht Engine Forty; E;ght, Po'iceman STEELK of thejAMKftBAeMCY,CUA». i> C'JSJBIJ., H s x a i W . GifwaT.JAXJMO w jiN a,for a phonographic report of the prooeedings of the next meeting, and.one «leclar«ng that the rules of the Afsociationhad been aadiy abused, both of which were Ub'ed- ' .ortbodox Democratic faith. Fifteen y«ars ago my boy Wide-Awake Club. 0*or 500 working members are John went to ll'inois and voted the Democrstic ticketMr. Bar-ber"reported in favor of holding the next an- W e believe Alderman Brady has prosecuted nual meetirg at Watertown, which,after some discus-the latter.street. He told the firemen to be careful, or tbeyEverett, but omits to add what proportion of them Prehic'ente. J. W. Cole of Troy, W. W. Newman of evince their fidelity to those candidates by advis- Buftalo, A. H. L«wi» of Binghamton, and Aloerting tbeir readers to vote for Douglas., A3 en of Ogdensbnrg; Corresponoiog Secretary, Jaaies Cruik^hank of Albany; Recordiog^ecrei ar^es, Jaties Atwaxer of Lockport, and A. H. Olapp of Onondaga;THE LATEST NEWS, Tif asurer, W . N. Read of NewburgA poem oa mnt-ic w»s delivered by J. W. Barkor ofBofla'o. In the evening, a grand social gathering of RECEIVED BY t*r*w:hers and friende of eduhalibn was held in Wiet«ug Hall; 2,500 persons were pre&ont. The Association MAGNETIC TELEGRAPH, cloeed with resolutions of thanks to the citizens of Syracuse and the officers, and a number of addressesgtieb substitute if you wi!l; but should you do eo, as Wi;Cone--n. It nearly broke mv hesrt, but what could sure as tberti is a God of iru h and justice i« Heaven, I do ? The boys said tht-y now paw the prror of votinsrI vill dtneurce jou upon the floor of the Senate for having traitor uely deserted principle and soli your-treated while on a vhsit to tbe Leviuthan at Cape May. According to hie statement, a sharp Ne«v-Yorker, a relative of a prominent.officer of the managers of the Great Eastern, chartered one of the Philadelphia river boats to take passengers to visit tbe steamer at Cape May, for the scm of §2 for tbe round trip. The boat started on Tuesday mo>rirg, with a fall load of pas- sengers; but only went to Cape May. At this point as many of the victim« as could getOHboarda wretched propeller were transferred to it, from the. steamboat, and conveyed ho this way to the big ship, lying four miles from the beach. Before reaching the steainship,Hose carriage; told No 48 to stop two or three times,. but they said go on and kill the sons of b c; took the tnv.il wlio hsd command in custody, but waa obliged to-et bim go; he handed his trumpet-to a man who hSH **.-. cap on; thought thai the men meant to break the Hoee. carriage. (' ,Office»- Taylor of the Twenty-second Ward also tes- ified to the collision, and to the action taken by Che.man viho had command in the matter. <Adam Reefer of No. 44 Hose, said he could identifytbe man who struck bim, but be waa not present.Wm. Johnson, Saumel Berly, and Jaroos McBwu^ nel testified to tli* action of the Engine Cimpauy isrunning intothe Hose Carriage. Decision reserved.- Tbe next case tried was that of Engine Company .No. 4 against Engine Company No. 28, for an assault. Several witnesses were examined, but only one mam was identified as takice part in the matter.The Board adjourned at 10 \ o'clock.SLAVE TP APE IN CCBA.—The Philadelphia Presshas a letter from Ci»nfoegoB, dated July f3, conaertt- irg the slave trade in Cuba. The Trinidad referred to is a province of that island, not the island of the. samo name. The letter is as folio WB:" On the 30th of June an American bark lauded 450 Congo River negroes at Key Brenon, 60'miles t<> tbe e8stward of Csatfda, port of Trinidad. The United' States steamer Wyundoitcame out of.CasUca the .same- morning, but did not see htr. The bark was burnt, sfter the cargo was landed. The car&« was sold on the Key for $204 000, by the owner, who lost three • cargoes within the last year, and was just about fad- ing. He keeps the most fashionable cafe~ in Trinidad. Tne s7aves were lightered from Key Breton to a few miles below Caeilda, and then landeVf, marched to tha cars then, ano* teken up, and publicly-sold bv auctionweie made.A Large Audience Hoaxed.AXBANY, Thursday, Aag. 2,18o0. About 5 000 people assembled in State street to-night Judge Black left to-day for Pennsylvania. There to witnr&s a Professor Donaldson walk across a wireFrom Washington. Bf*eM DU+*U;h to TUn N. I . Thbuuo.— The Siarh County (Ohio) Democrat says:" There sre,aa far as we.know, eight papers: in Ohio fifty cents additional was levied upon each passenger,cal baby." Buchanan.This designation originated with Mr.THE VIRGINIA DEMOCRACY. lenvy of politicians.„WASHINGTON*, Thursday, Aug. 2, 18G0." I, in connection wi<h the Democracy of Illinois,accept the decision of the Supreme Court in the Drod advocating tbe election of Breckinridge and Lane, viz: and after a tedious delay the ill treated people were Scott ase as an authoritative exposition of the Consti- National Democrat, Cleveland; Damon-rat, Warren; harely suffered to land upon tbe decks of tbe monster, tution. Wha'ever limitatious the Constitution, as ex- Union. S'tubenville; Advocate, Newark; Democrat,pounded by the Courts, impoees upon the authorities'of Carrolton; Stniiml, Cadiz; Gazette, St. Clairaville, and permitted to remain but a few minutes, beforeMOVEMENTS OF JUDGE BLACK.he will not be able to exert a particle of political influence, since that now, more than io other days, the remark is true of him that he is but a " politi-utretxheid from Association Hall to the top of the Mu- a Territorial Legislbture, we cheerfully recognize and and ihis paper. A'l these are and have been respectable ben g again huddled on the propeller, and taken backH»••!•• :Letters fa m Gov. Letcher are quite numerous In the city. He «a>s that the Virginia Democracy are in the worst possible way, and that he is'ex- ertug himself to biing the Douglas and Breckin- tidge forces to support a joint electoral ticket. Hehas not expressed his preferences as yet, but will, after the Convention, should there be no reconcilia- tlOR. iBRECK1SK'IM;E IK PENNSYLVANIA.CoL Forney sets down thti Breckinridge vote in PenmvtvaLia at 30,(K>0, and that for BeU at double that figure.MAIL AGENT FOR NEW-YORK.Daniel Warner has received a temporary ap- pointment aa Mail Agent for New. Yoik, in place of SamuelNorth, whowasremovedsometimesince on account of his Douglaskin.TBE POTOMAC AULEDCCT.Capt. Beoham is appointing many of the old em-ployees upon the Potoovac Aqueduct, and is mak-ing as much progress as pos< ble to get things going,upon the work. At best, operations will be throwntoo far into the sickly season of Aytumn. to warrant the belief that water from the FaUs will be Thegradna'ing class of Bowdoiu Collage num^rsThe Americ<.B Dental Convention have elected to-day as President Dr. Atkinson of Cleveland; Vice- specialrj chartered for the occasion. They were ac-,— The lova Slate Reporter, published at Iowa City, the Rump Convention.' Whei& thev were drankoat tbe Hospital in Philadelphia^ He was taken very ill idH as in most other places where obsorswoos nav*, one of the ablest and most inuaential Democratic they were hottest lor Douglas, When they got.a little after the steamer left New York, and was..uaahie £ beau made, [Columbus ( C ^ i o ) ^ ^ * ^ * ^ .Prrwdent«: Dr. Gibbs of Washington, and Dr. Clark Of Geostf*; Reeording Secretary, Dr. Taft of Ohio;iI^^•^^flasMaaaafe^jbf^blown to pieces.—As showing, the tide in the doubtful Counties know anything about it."of HI noiB, it is stated that Carter Van Vleek of " Don't you find the sentiment very strong for Lin- McDonongh County, a leading lawyer and Djuglaa coln?" . • ...Fultor-vitle (Fulton Co.) Re- Troy Time*.sion, was adopted.somebody for trying to bribe him. Does the Al- Prof. Thompson of New York submitted rewlu'nns before Cojigrf-fH;crotchet in his }>a&d and b*caxue a Republican. It waa -/it is rumored in Pennsylvania that Mr. Buchanan woulfj get in tr uble.' The man replied that he would get " to tbe fire " tbe beet way he could. 1 n Forfrf-CHICAGO, Friday, Aug. 2,1860.The Prince or Waleg.Theafter firing a talote satiVd f*>r St. John's.In firing the salute at Halifax, an artilleryman was—A clever correspondent of The MtI.wav.Icee Senti- rofid in this wise. An old man eat by his aide, and,finally addressing him, the Mil« aukeean said:tt Sir, you seem to have t»avelrd a great distance ?" 11 Yes;" some two thousand milu3."''"Ah, indeed. What part of the West?"" Iowa, Illinois; Wiaconbin."" Then you can express an opinion as to the resultof the Presidential canvass in those States?"" No, 1 can't. 1 might have done so before I left home, but, now that I have got back, I confess I don'tderman suppose that anjbody will now belieye suoh of respect for the late Prof. Goodrich, which were "On the Sabbath before the final vote on that bill, a an attempt would be 1 kely io be made in vain ? adopted. meeting of Anti-Lecompton Democrats of both ffonpesintends to stU Wheatland, his residence in Lancaster County, and purchase a place near Baltimore, where be will spend bis remaining years.'—It is said that Mips Abby Pay, a young American vocalist, has made quite a sensation at a performance in Florence for the benefit of Garibaldi; and that Van- nuccini, her teacher, predicts a brilliant future for her.—Tbe recent pleasure trip of the Great Eastern haaloorth s re>et he saw Adam Ke*fer of Forty-four Ho«e struck. Forty-Eight's men ran-the engine Hgbin&t the hose carriajro, and dragged it along some distinae.' Could not identify anybody, as it was dark, and ail was confusion.Mr. PLATT of Twenty-Nine Hose tactiQed that tbe-.. Foreman of Forty-Eight Engine was anxious to cat'le the matter before it w«nt to tne Commissioners.Chief DECXER testiiied that Twenty-Nine Hoee waa>-.. a total wrer-.k after the collision. Sbe is not worth re-«EW-YO|tItDAILYFRIDAY, AUGUST $ 18% ••v»-/~papersintheState,aononnceeia itslast issuethat it sober,tbentheywee eefsedsuddenlywithsfighteou»eervatrsui, aad tried tradiDK for other caodldafcee and a will com« out for Lincoln next week, and drop the b*ttet plaiform. Tbey were doing notbfog but gamSI Itellhisname, reefdecce, or auyibiogr eo«eentt>J|**» .I jjjgtorvw Be was taken to tbe hospital mkum Om steamer an ived, and lingered in an laseuftbfe cooai-The reports of the officers and closing up of un- and Harris of Illinois. Mr. Douglas manifested a will- never d*sert tbe fai'hof their father. I set Rogers up finished business occupied mo?t, of the eession. The ingness to yie'd, and the gallant Harris 'shed tears of in Iowa, alo- gside of his b-other, with afaiot hope he Committee A on the various subjects directed to be re- aigu:sh and gavo utterance to his despair.' Mr Brode- might reclaim htm. And Dan went off to Rock Coun-made some business for the Mayor's Court of Philadel- pairing. Thought the could not have been damagedin that way accioentiJly.phia. A citizen of that place laid a complaint before Officer Snyder of the Twenty-second Ward swore,.Major Henry of the manner in which he had been that No. 48"Engine Compapy willfully ran into tha-]The Exprt** publishes a list of eleven journals in ported upon at the next meeting were announced. ri(k rose so emnly to his feet, and pointing' his finger ty, Wisconsin; and a year ago I found ou% 8i<% that Th« officers" for.the ensuing year were elected aa dirtctly toward Mr. DongUs and fastening his keen Roger was publishing i Republican paper, and Din the State of New-York wlich support Bell and follows: Prepiden*. E» A. Sheldon of Oswego; Vi;o- fia»-hbg eje upon him said: ' You.can vote for «.he EQ- WJ:S msking ppee;hes for a Republican. Governor in'..Tlie Steamer A^iiore.—The Augusta (Ga) Chronicle says that Mr. Sena- names of \ John C. Breckinridge and. Joseph Lane, manded him for hie extravagance. " B u t it is the old Dtmocratic candidates for President and Vico-Presi-*tor Toombs, in aorecent speech he made at Warrentan, dent.:.'lfo reader of The Sentiiul can be ignorant of bat you gave me; I had it ironed for a franc." "Ah,"AASECOM, Thursdav. Augnst 2,1860. It was the Bnrirh steamer Karxak, from New-Prov- \Ji nee, which went as; ore oa the outward edge ofBrigantine Shoals at one o'clock yesterday afternoon. At four o'clock she floated off, and proceeded for New- Y ork.John C. Breckinridge politically,'says: •" John was once, a resident of the State cf Iowa. He came to the Cdy of Burlington soon after the organ- ization of the Territory, and entered the list of attor- flf u-ing and lurolv»r mill a; Aua^in was burned on tae ney s at law at Des Moines Bar, and was in fact but aKKH- OKI2BA'NS Thnreday, Aug. 2,1860. Galveston dates of the Slat ult. sav that the largein Trinidad—in the streets I beard—m lots of twenty* They brought from 23 to 52 ounces a-piece, averaging, $630. The Governor of Trinidad, Lt is e«id, w ^ per-- fectly cognizant of their landing an«* pale, and is re-ported to have received over $30,000 .hushmoney.. Capt. Stanley of tbe United States steamer WyandoJt went and saw tbe Governor, >nd found out from him that he knew all about tbeir landing. The Governorrwished to talk wi b Capt. S anley ' as a gentleman/(basinets gent., I suppose } and not a* captain of.the Wyandott, during the conference. It is b«>iJeved that Capt.Stenlevhasrepor'edtaematterto&eGoTera- ment of the United States, u.3,it ought to.be. The idev of Spanieb oflBcia'e allowing such LlegclHicti to be s»- publicly accomplished, our Government should put a*j end to. if we were to joi> England, it aoald uadoubt^ edlybedone."TEMPERATCBE OF THE ARIESIAH WELT, IS Tsars Cw, AT ADEPTH O.V 2575FKKT.—Vtre are indebted, tc* tbe kindness of Prof. Wormley for the folio wing in- formation in regsrd to the temperatare of the Artesian well in this city: . .BRUNSWICK, Me., Thursday, Aug. 2. i860.—A correepondent in Minneaota writes ua that the« i*tei ropted, until they be entirely broken off."ii ••»•"i•"•> .the 5th, 6th, and 7th of Septet mber; the speaking will be on the 7th.T«K EMMET GUARBS.—This Company, as the guests <Xf the enti/e 69th Regiment, pniceeded yesterday morn- ing on a visit tothe cha- i able inatitutionfl, via a steamerDouglas and Johnson flag, over his post-office, with4tbe motto—' Man is capable of self-government." Itremains to be seen what the National Government will say to the apothegm.Among the apeakors was Senator Fitch, who. spoke as follows of Mr. Douglas:" The Baltimore Convention that nouiinutod him- A tan, slender person* ge,in genteel dress,who,withcarpet-bag in hand, too^ passage on the Kennebeo every sixty-seven feet. ., ; v i -companied by two bands aad a large crowd of friends.M!.J4 :rt*'-;<^^. •"V"«••:-••«#'•>-*--&Q>;&?-$!i&i!&$^^Thomas M. Tryniski 309 South 4th Street Fulton New York 13069•^mWm^mi111: -T » r o U | p ,by the plundered people of this city aa earnestly as if t*ey were still hying.jbrce of the lesson ?uThe National Intelligencer aa>s that the ardent The Gazette of this morning contains the latest teUtbemto go for Breckinridge. I think thecarrent It would aflbrd me gr>at plensu-e to meet our mvle' (Jnr)ge McCartv), be (Pitch) did not eve of the MaseacbuseUs Supreme Court, The SpringjMwas serenaded last evening by the Breckinridge and —Do the Japanese planderers apprehend the Lane Committee.B. Clay sent ihe f-'Howing letfer;*' £riend> of Breckinridge and Lane, of Douglas ne-w8fromPike'f» Peak. . . . .** and Johnson, of Lincoln aod Bamlin^ in default The eypreee fro** Denver City, wmoh arrived lastin favor of Union, to oreeerve the Union, cannot much friends of Montgomery, but a previoog encasement whether Douglas voted for lim or not. ' i&.-fDbugi**) Republican says:will prevert me doing so on the occasion named. I was known- at Washington, known as an agitator " A n event, long anticipated but greatly deployed, Jongerbestemmedorresisted.T-oseintorestedandin- carnotconceivebowanyportionoftheDemocrticy andaDmtapogue.andhadn*taparticleofi;»Jlu- bsscorre. Cbi^fJusticeShawofourStateSuprema_ •From Pike^ Peak,•i fered to prevent him from taking hia se«t in tbe Sen-at all discouraged at the reeult of the Trenton, New- Jersey, Conventions. There are yet holes'that a ULion electoral ticket will be run in other States thaa Ne\£-Jersey, and that tney will be elacted, and whendnrk and to consult People migntthi<k be was actu- ofT^j^rormemoTiindomgivinga olaeto his idectljr. ated by personal feeling, because Douglas had ioter- The coroner beW an inquest upon bis remains, and '$&$LEXINGTON, Friday, July 13,1860.GENTLEMEN: I have ixceived your favor, asking at#. Be eruld assure them fhis was n^t so. Notmth- tarns the body for recognition." BeD aid Everett." neers real tie from $100 to $125 per day, havip? rich peenrtiary svpplic* arc running short, and .as they tion of tbe 8th of January. hv=t; beside*, _my mind is —A Douglas State Convention waa held on the 28th States, bss resigned. Nearly four score years find* —Theotherscanspeakforthemsebes;but,iobe- aoar*ztooperateon;whileothersmak*from$60to drop,thepeoplewillcome•intosettlemattersfor verycbaruponthepointthatDemocraticvotesca^t ult.atNashville,Tenn..andanElectoralticketnomi- himstallvigorousinbodvandmind;butitjustifies*100. Six men in one claim had t««ken <mt in three tl emselvee." Wbbpe fund * are those that are getting for any other, cadidate must inure in *he firct place nated, at tbe bead of which is William H. Polk, the him.to himself and tbe public in claiming wbat mm«ia*half of the Republicans, we tell these gentlemen that days four and a half pounds of gold. Other claims to tbe"benefit of Bell and Everett,-and finally to thatof we lovk with complacency on the election of Abra- are worked with equally good success; while some low ? Those of the Douglaa men, or those of the Bell Lincoln. . . .brother of the late President.—The young men of the Twentieth Ward favorable to the election of Lincoln and Hamlin lately organized a company of Wide-Awahes, or Rail-Splitters, calliog'••'''•. ...•realize little or nothing. men?ham Lincoln and Hannibal Hamlin only. Let the i Crime of all grades prevails to considerable extent in —The A-ubum Union, is authorized to eay that Mr.advocates of Messrs. B*sll and Everett dismiss from / tbat vicinity.their minds the notion that, underany circumstances A des'inctive tornado paefed over Marysville, Kan- Seward will meet >he Republicans of Miohi<an on Sat-Heping that you may have a large and harmonious meeting, I am, very respectfully, jour oh*ci«nt ser- vant, JAMES B . CLA Y .of life for prWale repose. So Jong and so higha ser- vice ss be has rendered to tbe State, in this position,.ihas few or no parallels in the history of the countrr; and is one of the greatest gifts that a man could makeE'ti'sas, Joly SO, demolishing everything writs way. T^ree urday, Sept 1; of Wisconsin, on Saturday, Sept. 8; of•ingle member of the Bepublican party. Ko mat- | ir>g-ofB«es weje blown to pieces,,and the Post -Office wiU fill engagements aheady made, by -calling in the (or Lincoln and Hamlio. The Germans in that vicioiiy their first drill at No. 157 West Twenty-eighth street. went into the woods on Saturday last, to pick berriesy—It is said that Pine County, Minnesota, which la3t themselves tbe " Excelsior Rrigade." Having chosen or in'any extremity, they can receive the aid of a dwel<>tig8, two huAinees hon3ee, platforms, acd print- Minnesota, on Saturday, Sept. 15. On his return, he year cast but two Republican votes, istow sure x> go Capt. Blauvelt as their leader, tbey last evening hadchildren of Mr. and Mrs. J. B. Howley, of that place,was turned aronnd and set ioto the street. E<rery State of Illinois where the 8tate Comtnicte© ehall ap- ter if ®x> alternative be Joe Lan«, the only great bu'ldinfir in the place was more or less injured. Norives reported lost.base u*e« the names of John Bell and Edward Everett.will vote the Republ can ticket almost to a man.Under Capt. Stocking of the Rail-Splitters' Battalion, ley perfumed a variety of exercises in the light-vri bout the consent of tbeir parent*,. aad wandered about until lost. Not returning before even'ng, the anxious parenig, in company with nearly 100 others,triguers who are now prostituting to their own wei e strnck by lightning, but not se rerely damaged.pointj and aho at CleveUnd, Ohio; Pittsburgh, Pa.,and united party in the country * ill least of all oolddealings with the little faction of traders aad in- Durirgtbe heavy storm which visited our city yes- and at Fredonia and Re Roy, in tbis'State. The days " W e yesterday announced that a joiut debate be- ifantry drill, 'acquitting themselves to the entire started for the woods and succeeded in finding them.iie, ind eee about things." 1 did go West, and I bap- self to the Adminiftration.' This, we are informed, pi nod to hear Douglas make a speech while I waavi as the language to which Mr. Bif.ktnau msde alla- awt-y from home. You msy not Relieve it: Sir. but si. n, and tht> nse of which, by Broderi k, s^ved Doug- I'm going home row, and I don't know whether I amIns from following his own craven desire'to surren- der." .—Mr. Douglas's Sonthside view of the Dred Scott decition is exproesed in the subjoined extract from a ti]>eech he dehvered at'Kew-Orleans after his reelection to the Senate in 1858: • , .a Den-ocrat or a Republican myseb."—Mr. D. McN. McKay, one of the Boll and Everett Electors in Nor h Carolina, has gene over to Breckin- ridge and Lane.....seum building. After waiting an hour the "Professor", reep>< t. In conformity with that decision, slaves are Democratic papers of Ohio."to Ct>pe May. The tale vras a dismal one, but the Mayer could do nothing in the matter.—The wealthy Marquis de AligTe of Prance, who died seme time ago, was so parsimonious that, seeing his servant one day vcith a smart-looking hat, he repri-appeared in tights at one end of the wire, walked out 'we btt-ps, returned, and bowing to the va-t audience, announced the wire not tight onongh, and withdrew, badly selling an audience large enough to excite therecognizt-d as property, «nd placed on an equal footing with other pr< peity. * Hence, the owners, of slaves, the eame as any other •peciee of property, hace the right to remove to the Territories and carry his property with biro." : .— The Miadhtown (Conn.)abandons Donylas, and dcclujes it6olf for Breckinridgeand Ltne as follows:- " To-day we pi ice at Uie head of our columns the'•frankly admitted that Col. Bell-was lf as sound as him- self up< n the Slavery question."what our pveierenoes have been since the adjournment said the Marquis, " but I did not know it could be re- of the Baltimore Conventions, nor that we have not stored. Heieie the franc you paid—I will take thecohiidercd the nomination of Judge Douglas biodingupon the Democratic party. We have refrained.till bat," and he forthwith transferred the renovated bea-— TheKentuckySouthernDemocrat,referring the good fortune thua far experienced by the Hon.U6th. tx>es $100,000 The fire was the work of an third-rate lawver amongthe men of hie own ago; while tion of such a ticket by tbe State Convention to beinr-ti-diary. A negro was caoght setting fire to a build- irg in Cieo'g- town, and confessed he was incited by two Abolitionist*' to burn r,he town.Nine persons were ki'led and four weunded by the explosion on board the steamer La 'Crossa yesterday.».Falla<lelp1iia Public Buildings.PHILAOKLPHIA,Thursday,^ug2,i860. The Supreme Court this morning docided in favor of th»- c^nsiitutionality and legality .oftoe ar-t of the Legis- lature- in reference io the erection of public buildings.The rovmct mu?t be sub a itted to the Councils.This fettles the question of the erection of the-City Tlall ai>d Court-Houses on Penn square and Broad andMarket streets.!*._Kowdoin College.Judge Ronr. *H. W. Starr J. C. Hal', Judge Kuapp, held mxt month. We nold that tliere is no ' regular' and others, were engaged upon one eide in every case o-nci'late of U'O Democratic pa'ty . and- that everyfine.'• '•'toin this district. Mr. Breckinriogo, in point of prac- Democrat is 8t liberty to choose ber/ween Mr. Breck- tice, WSBH low tbird on the list of practitioners, and inridge and Mr. Douglas. We have made our choice,—A Sarajtoga paper states that considerable sensation has been /created ly the discovery that Page's "V enus," now on exhibition there, bears a striking,sionlhatifliatotheradagewastrue,that'theworld aimistoaidDemocraticprinciplesandsustdinDemo- owes.every man a living, he failed to find it in Iowa cratic mefcsu?ee. Mr. Brockiuri^e was nominated by in tbo legiiimato practice of die law." a larmonious Cotvention, in which were represented—Gov. Ramsey of Minnesota has offered a reward all the Democratic States of' the Union. He stands of $C50 for tbe pen-ons who, on July 20, kiduapped upon a platt'orro ID full accordance with the Constitu- tion as construed by the highest judicial authority of' l—Atlanta, G a ,Common Council. A local paper says: 'names.of Dcuglas and Johnson. •. ; —-In response to a letter inviting hiat to attend aWing for the offioeeand drinking j they beffged leave to tion until tbe last breath. His baggage contained $4XT, wire from tre Convention to cont-ultaod to drink;officers remain in the city—Mt-aws. Toocey and HoKThe Bon Daniel 8. Dickinson is nowhere H"" Courier eajs txat the Breckinridge uven hers "arenoi ratification meeting at Sterling, Ky., the Hon. James trey!esm* back hro it to ask leave to retire agdu to and a gold watch was in his fob pocket; hot not a se apn e to epme to Mt. ScerH'>g o*\ the 18ch, and address :standing Dongla« bad tried to secure the return to t'f« —Speaking of the resignation of Chief Justice Shaw ST. JOSEPH, MO., Thursday, Atur. 2,1860. tbey come to vote for tve strongest man, any child can our fellow-cit'zens in behalf of Breckinridge and Lane. Senate of one Black Republican and 'onepoliticalnipht,brought$12,053indust.** of seenrug the election of their political favor- There are *t prensnt about 100 quartz mills in the evitable pfcrsor,s who make tbemeelvee the cbampion of Kentucky can fail to give t*>eir support to Breck- tnce.' He (Dr. P.) knno that, aad therefore cared Court, after 30 y^ars of servica upoa that bench, and%*« itea, look with complacency upon the success Of miD« a, o»Jy a few of whioh are up and in working of ibis, that, and tie other public va&ix,find that: their inridge;, the man of our own State, and standing upon nothing for bis support." contributing more tbsn any other man to render it thecder.' Some cf tbowt worked by experienced engi- /^j.very principles enunciated by our State Conven- pride of tbe Coeomonwealth. and the envy of other wit--—The Chicago Journal haa the fo'lowing:terday, the Second Ward school hons* and a residence for.theee latter places are to b9 determined when he tween Meeors. Yates and Allen, the opposing candi- s&ih-faction of a laTge number of spectators. A resolu- It teems that, after having picked enough berries, they••' IiA Bjan of bon-es was killed in the street. A person sb»ll have ascertained the probable time required in date for Governor, had been finally arranged. _ It tion was pasted by tbe Brigade, now numbering 200 the ught it time to return heme, but, on turning abouthad bis clothes scorched, but, Btrange to say, received DOphock Jrom the fluid. • -the North-West.turns out that we labored under an error by relying, foi that purpose, tbey found themselves in a strange for once, upon the assertions of Mr. Allen and The members, to join the Rail-Splitters' Battalion at ntace, and could not find the read or any way out.Sjrrinpfeld Register. No such «rrang°ment has bsen 1 he postage xa**B by the Pony Express are reduced of Boston was held in that city on Wednesday, for made, as we are informed by Mr. Yates, who, it ap- "We find in The St. Louis Republican an elaborate to $2 50 per qnarter ounce. There is no change in the consultation. It is understood that the particular ob- pears, surmitted a p'opo^ifcion some t »o weeks ago, article m the interest of Mr Douglas bearing the telegraphic rates. which, hss not been accepted. In t^ispt-oposition, Mr.Stnyvesant Institute, and adopt a similar uniform.—Tbe Lincoln and Hamlin Clnh of Astoria held theirfirst public meeting on Wednesday evening last. Dan-iel Ullman, esq., delivered an able address on tbe pastThe? sat r own on a log to tv.ink, and sat theirs a Ioajf tin e, finally giving up that tbey were l»st. Mary, the eldest, said to the* otb^ra, " Let us pray to God to help us to find our way out," and all kueehag tuere by the log, with bands uplited, tbey prayed for deliverimee.ject of the meeting -was a ooneulTation as to the pro- Yates cballeng d Mr. Al'on to a jo'nt debaie, at nine priety cf again getting together the State Central Com- different piao8 in the State one ia each Congressionalcombination of party nam«M>; but the number-ofthose who are entitled to use it is not confined toMissouri. The H«n. W . Huot for instance, may Ingersoll for Congrees. vention at Springfield st the time specified. The tone saying that he accjfpts Mr. Yates'B sppointmeotaT—notwith great p'opri^ty call himself a WmgDemo;rat, TOLKOO, O., Friday, Aug. 2,1860. , of this meeting "was infavor of the proposed meeting tbe sppointments proposed by Mr. Tat>=8 for a jointMsignature of " Whig Dt-mocra% This is a curioas•.'." . • i ' XomlnationH for Congress.—A meeting of the leading Breckinridge politiciansand preSOLt position of the American paTty, vindicating Tley then took a new atart. and soon, found whortle- the course of those Americans who advocate Republi- berries plenty, with which they satefted their hunger.The little ones now commenced-calling iloud the names canism , and calling on all present to follow bis example. of the different members of the family; Carrie, thaThe Hon. L. C. Carter, the nobis Representative in youngest, c'sll'ng reoeattdly for milk, and, compluning Corgress for the district, entered the room while Mr. of fatigue, She sat down to rest. Ida, the sesond, WASUPman waa speaking, and was enthusiastically cheered; tired and sleepy: and would lather stay there than t r yafter* a*d, in a short addree's, reminding the audience any Icngr r to get out. Mary then stripped bark from of his Fpeech there two years ago in which he declared a de*o tree, leid it on the ground fora pillow, coveringhwelff independent, le reviewed the position of each it with leaves, and the two youngest laid down to sleep. She four d that tbe eun had gone dowo, and itPresidential candidate, and showed that, tbe Republican was getting dark, and she again kuelc^d >wn to. pray salute the Hon. A. H. Rice of Boston, who is a'.ocpiog knew this well • enough beforehand, and he doubtk*B party was the only organization with which be could for deliverance 8nd that God would take care of them.nittee, that a new call for a State Convention may be District. This proppsiMon Mr. Yiteeis still readr to The Democratic Congressional' Convention for the ie&oed, it not being deemed expedient to hold the Con- adhere to. But instead of ncceptiog this, Mr. AllenTVth D:strict, held at Peoria to-day, nominated R. G. comes cut in a letter in The SptngfUId. Register,ID. W. H. Howard was nominated for Elector.Death of tlie Bon. John S. Well*. marched to the residence of B. P . Martin, esq., to V-T. Allan's proposed araugement and Mr. AllenBOSTON, Thursday, Augusts. 1860. Tie Hon. John S. Wells, a distinguished ciiiz&n ofa f*w days inthe city. Mr. Rice was introduced to the . m*-detbe proposition becanstj he knew it was icapra/'ti- Clubs by Judge Upton, and addressed them in a felici- cablfl, or.-an other words, becanse he ia afraid'to meettonsietently act. The aoplause that followed Mr. Car- She had made un her mind to stay there the night, ter's remarks conclusively proved that the Republicans knowing she could not find the way out herself. J&hstous speech, which was received with the greatestMr. Yates in a series of joint debates. Mr. Allen has shown the white feather in this matter. He has proved himself a mere boy, and we are glad that Mr. Yates hj>s determined to pay no further attention to his cowardly opponent."of Astoria heartily approve bis course in Congress thus far, and desire no bet er Representative for the fature. The meeting was closed by a speech from the Hon. S'cwart L. Woodford, graphically sketohing tbe life of Lincoln, and contrasting it with the career of Breckin-knew tbe night would be long, and the little ones migbt wske before morning hungry, so she filled her pocket with wintergreeus to pacify them—evervfew minutes during the time calling upon the different members of tbe family. When found, tbe two y oung- est were ibeping, and the eldest, not yet 10 years of f ge, was upon her knees praying.— The Liverpool (England) Mercury of the 21st a l t , arnounced the failure of Mathew Steele <k Co. of that town. ' The report is unfounded, as we learn from ft subsequent edition of The Mercury, received via Queenstown, and also a note from our Liverpool agent*FIRE COMMISSIONERS.The Board met.hist night at Firemen's HaU, std tried several complaints against Engine Companies made by tbe Chiei Engine*r and otheir. In reorard to theccmplamt made by Chief Deckor against Engine'Company No. 20. commenced at.the last session of the Commissioners, Policeman SMITH of th« First Precinctof Hoboken and Mr. Jaoobi of Cincinnati, addreeaed the meeting.—The late Headquarters of the Democrats of New- Haven have been taken possession of by the Republi- cans, and the chief room has been named " Wido- Awake Ball." This was opened on Tuesday wich speeches and musicthe audience with several spirited campaign songs.—We notice articles in tbo following journals in fa- vor of the renomina ion of Gov. Morgan:.reported from the several Ward Clubs.—The Chicago Prf&s and Tribune gives the follow- irg account of an interview between Messrs. Brode- ri;k and Douglas, while the English bill was pendingr^gu'arly. 1 d'd well wi h John, and helped him stockhisf«rm and pay off his mortgage. He was. a sma;tbof—was John. Well Sir, when that'debate betweena bard blow for me, I ttll you. We'J, Pnil. gr«w up, and I fell him op in,Des Moines, bongbt him a qaarter section, and tola him to get married. Phil, did well, bnt the firBt thing I heard was rhat he was a Republi-he completed the course at all. The eon was not the Twentieth Ward tewtifiVo to seeing tbe former ran int» winner of the foiiner prize, but received a check fir a wagon bj the Engine Company in Forty-secondA beautiful ppe^imen of salt was presented to the wt»s hel<* at *he rooms of Senator Brodcrick, to consult c a n and the joung scamp tried to convert mo by writ-If he entertains such a delusion, let Wm recollect President by Mies Harriet E. Abbot*, in behalf of the upon what course it was advisable.to take in the emer- •lis vote for the Japanese swindle on Tuesday last. lady Jieachers of Syacuee, whioh Mr. McElligdtt gency. A number of the weaker brethren, includingJSomnn who said Ajetothat robbery can well suppose his reputation for official purity to be worth much in this neighborhood.ing long letters about the Kansas mnss, <fec Itallred pretty shatp to both of them, bat, they both voted forarknowfedged in a handsome speech. TheAssociationtookarecesst-112p.m.. The AsBOciation' reassembled at 2.Senator Douglas, advised conciiia'iog the South by ac-cept n« the English' bill. OnV four or Gy« held out Fiemonr. in spite of van. But there w«8 Roger a^d sgwirst it.' Among these were Br.>deri<;k of California, Dan both at nowe yet, and I felt swe they wouldDouglas and Lincoln waa raging in I lmois, John got alor Buchanan. Wei', Sir,.a f«w months ago. I madeop my nind to go West myself, for the first time in my" Would to heaven that New-York were the only city in the Union whose Common Council called f.>rch fwm St.' Paul an alleged fugitive slave, named Henry 'he land^—a pla'form which recognizes the equality of the just indignation of the people; but it is not. The spending of $4 000 on our City Park is, all things con- sidered, a greater outrage than the $105,000 board-bilithe States and ibe in dividual rights of all citizens; herepret-enta principles which were sua'amed by thesturdy Jackson Democracy of 1834, and which wert>ir-dore* d by the present Democratic Senate only lastpros]>eci8 of the Republicans were Dever so cheering in Wioter—principles which iosure the perpetuity of this —A note to The Boston Transcript, informs theSparks. They carried him off without any legal foims or any warrant. , .of the.Japan.ese."'that State as now. " The veto of the Homestead bill, Union, and the cessation of the vile Slavery aritation world of the whereabout* and present occupation of' A Walferdin s registenng tbennometcr, eontjaned m now kept aliye by Abolitionism. Mr. Breckinridge Miss ^Fredrika Bremer. She left Jerusalem in May, a glass tube filM with water, and this tube inclosed A BRF.CK1NRIJDCE ACCESSION. Portland, Dani?1 Goodenow of Alfred, and tlohn Ap- the eale of our Government landtt, for the purpweof occupies no ' balf-way' position, but is in direct oppo- ^859, after a full survey of the most interesting parts of in an iron one nearly fi'led with,water, and closed)per> pleton of Bangor. To-day, the Rev.JR I). Hitchcock, lepltnishmg our empty treasuiy, to be squandered sition to Republicanism, Tne party now supporting fectly tight, wss sunk in the weil, a few dayssime, t»A paper in Virginia, called The Tenth Legion, of the Union Theological Seminary, delivers an ora- by a corrupt. Administration have driven thousands to him will, alter next November, be the only oonailer-, Pal-etine, having lived in convents, and seen xnue>i a depth of 2,475 feet, at which pl*ce it remaktt»d forXK The exereis*s were unusually ioterestinc The tot into the city this year. degree of LL. D. was corftrred on'Nathan Clifford ofpubhftbea ja ^ rt.^)D going ^y that name, has tion before the Historical 8oci«ty; and President Lord, aMe party opposed to .the Republicans. These are denied to lees distinguisried travelers. She undertook < f Dartmouth College, a d d r e s s the Phi Beta Kappa our standard." coneiaeraiions not to be overlooked in the' present the most adventurous excursions on horse-bask /.ntotwenty-five hours. . It was then lowered to the bott"»a* of the wellh a depth of 2.575. feet, and there fietained for fcrty minutes. Upon the withdrawal of the ther- mometer, h was round to have registered 88° Fahren- heit, wbwh may be assumed to be the teoaperature at the bottom of tbe well.•-•hoisted the Breckinridge flag, though Mr. Douglas, fraternity.' • up to Lh* tune, has been the preference of the—A Young Men'e Republican Club baa been organ- contest- They are facts which mark the sterling the interior, with a single Arab as her guidedand ser-ized at Cobocton. N. Y. The President is W. W. Os- Democratic character of those men who advocate Mr. Breckinridge and bis platform.*'editor. The Breekix. ridge men are encouraged byreports of a reaction for their f»vorite io the Tenth—T%e Rochet ter Union relates the case of a chPd, two years of age, daughter of Mr. Davis, in that city, charmed by a *nake. One day Mrs. Davis found thevant, not fearing the wild Bedouins of the desert . She has'examined the Holy Land from Mount Lib) jjxas to tbe Dead Sea; visited the memorable place**; p aseed toLegion, bnt it cannot be winked out of sight thatPouglaaiam crops out considerably throughout the snake in the arms of the little girl, who was fondlingState. The Staunton Convention will he a largeone, with a fair chance of b*mg tt very impracti- much alarmed by the appaient peril'in which she saw A. M. Spxoner. There is alto a Vigilance Committeehas arranged and copied her notes on Swift* jrland. Her low this point of constant temperature, would be 1°' The Bon. Ebenezer Jackson of Middletown; ths travels in the East and Greece will malfa two other for every 71 feet.r er child, and seized a stick to destroy the reptile. The cable one. Yet in the couuties where Mr. Doug- snake slowly retreated, showed its tongue,and hissedDon; Dennis Rtmberly of iiew-Uavnn; the Hon. -works. Sbe will spend this Summer aar >ng the Greek Many oWrvations Lave be*nmade in the tempera-las's supporters are scatteri^, ^ without a bold ftnand efficient leader, they will.piobably fall into the Breckinridge column. There are not wanting in- dications that some old Whi«s or Americans may do likewise.Totb*JLmaUtei Ynm.WA.TOIKOT05, Thursday, Ante. 2,1800.Capt. WB. 8. Black has been appointed Q.iarter- ttaseer of the Marine Corps vice Sutherland dismissed. First Lieut. Matthew R. Kinteiog has been promoted to the eaptainey thus made vacant, and Beconu Lieut. Adam N\ Baker to the fiwi lieutenancy. Becket K. Howell has been appointed a second lieutenant.at the mother. The child cried, and begged BOhard ofits purvnt to desist, tba*. she allowed the snake to re-treat to its hiding place. The child apparently thinksof nothing else but her companion the snake, and,under the fk*.inalion, is suffering a physical decline;She now weighs but 18 pounds. Phy dcians have a^-vi*ed that the meetings, which take place as frequentlyas the child can get out of the house, be gradually in-Charles Hawley of Stamford; the Hoi .•Jjim A. Rock- town; the Hon. Herekiah Huntingcon of Hartford.tore of mines and wells, andthey all showvan increase Islands, and return to rest one more W> <fter at Athens. of heat as we descend below the surface. There is,Sentinel andWitnessgoodby; let Vioe-Presideut, Dr. C. M. Pierce; 2d,Robt. P. BuDard: 3d, Wm. yLarrowc; CorrespondingSecretary, J. H. BaUer; Recording Secretary, A. mi»ke a Douglas Electoral ticket of, some Bell and Constantinople, Smyrna, and the great pk^j8 in the continued, without variation, at a temperature of 53° Henry Weld; Treasurer, John Wulder; Executive Everett men got together at New- Haven, on Wednee East; and then reached Athens to rest and. v /rite. She Fahrtnl eit, for nearly two.centuries. Taking this asof two f;oni each School District in the towu-—Tte Douglaa Democratic 8tate Convention of well of Norw.'cn; the Hon. Charles R. AJsop of Middle-Georgia has been postponed to the 1-ltt} inst.—The La Crosse (Wis) Nord Stein, hitherto a zealouM.ai d influentiid Democratic organ in tbe Ger-man language, has put up the names of Hamlin andLincoln. The Germans of that State who have be- made by.Capftius M. Clay, Caleb B. Smith, Wm. Cum-fore voied the Democratic ticket, are coming by thou- eands into the Republican ranks. *back, and other?.—The Breckinridge and Lane Democrats of Indiana —Postmaster Saylee, at Somerset, has hoisted a held a ratification meeting at Indianupolis on Tuesday.Untitled Document—There being no Douglaa men in Connecticut toIn Paris, at tbe depth of 90 feet, a thermometer lias•-it as she would a. kitten. The mother was h-iturally Committee, C. J. McDowell, Pi-anklin Larrowe, and day, and formed the following Electoral ticket: coirect for Columbus, the increase of tetuperatare be-i-tiffVUH^'fi^''"-Oxford (Chenango Co ) Times.Wert wlnfiold (Herkimer Co.)Oi*r>eiigo American;KJrjpt^n JenrnaiFongbk»»-p»ie Eagle. ern New Yo>k»r.'""atukil! Exarcitior.Wa'crtown (Jefferson Co.) £«• Union. l 'StatesHoteL.Reforan-r.Wamaw (Wyomiz>£ Co.) West-Beem* to be troubledwithabad ):-,She pronus-S to give to the world a try atise ouPrayer, however, much disc: epaiicy asto the ratio of increase. —The Itepnblicans held an enthuaiatic meeting at which is already completed. „ The mean rate of un n as*-, from results of «?ix of theEi.ightstovcn, Indiana, on Monday. There were 15,000—Gov. Chase of Ohio is to giv^'the annual address deepest coal mines in Durham and Northumberland, isl-1 for every lorty-fbar feet. Observations in several before the Agricultural Society .0f Addison County, of the had and silver mints of Saxony gav«fcl0forVt., at their Fair in September j$&xt A poem is also every rixtv-five feet. Th«* increase observed in aink- to be given by John G. Saa-e. The Fair, which is ngthe Grenelle well at Paris was 1° for ufty-ei$Utusually one of the best in tha country, will be held on feet. In the Artesian well at Mondorf, on the trontwrWid«-Awake Repnblicans present. Addresses wereof Fiunce and Luxembourg, the water, at a d«»pth of 2,S0Q«Mt, had a tempewtu.e of 93° F., showmg an increfiso of .1° for lif.y.four feet. The Artesian weft at Louievillo, Ky.. at a depth of 2,086 feet, showetf a tempeiature of 82Ju F., being an increase of lw «*wae rightly denominated the * Rump' Convoution, and fKm New York on Monday.with the Zouaves, died at Fromvho above reports it would appear tua* t » tie New-York gambling delegation was tlie 'rump of ttmpe'rature • elow Ckdnmbus did not increase as rap-•o tbe commonwealth."—The Hornellsville Journal etatee that three young?..•:\^*.;&\. : • .' "'-''••:>••/•1" www.fultonhistory.com 