 IIIackaowledgments for] the lflJeral supplies which yiu wounded in the bands of the people of Potenzi, and fif- the invader, took refuge on a French ship in tho but steadily and really growing, parliamentary have granted for the sej'vice of \he present year, and teen dead on the field. The National Guard had fouribr the provision which you have made for those de- wounded. In the mbsn time the different contingents port! It is but justice to the King's .Ministers to spirit in that Corps Legislatif;- DeBpite its consti- fences which are »s8en|ial for. the security of her dock- of the other towns had arrived, and a general cnase note the firm sincerity with which they endeavor to tutional straight-jacket, it will be found, one ofBhould have arisen in Europe. Frauce, however did almoet alone for two hours fighting his ship, till it be- not create the complications In Italy; neither did she came* wreck, so that but one of its guns cou.d be used counsel Austria to follow the' fatal policy wbieh led to any longer, and more, than four fifths of his crew lay the rising of the Italians, nor id she responsible for the around him wounded or killed; then uuharmeo, stand-ifI* *to her diplomatic action in this matter, has sent tocalled " Le Monte." A crowd and sjme of the Na-ists alone' await the coming of Don Peppino. The Department of the Meuse of. a member of the Corps" Concerning the relations between England andPrance, neither of these two powers desires to enterupon such a terrible struggle as a war between' themwould be. The English nation is peaceful. Their vir- Hazard Perry ia set apart for inaugurating a tnouu- tuous Queen and tWfcminent men in power desire to meut to his fame. Who has not heard how gallamly^ maintain a good understanding between the'two tia-' forty-seven years ag>>, the young hero, soil weak l^nrcvUntitled Documenta i•pinion of an experiment Which has deservedly excittd•o much interest on both iidesof the Atlantic. We are "^he'eommiseiok for proroguing Parliament• WMn«?t. mains without alteration. In the Consols market loans>eonsciousthat the trip bias been made under circum- read at the table, and the Lord Chancellor, by virtue are obtainable as low as 2per cent.' TJte.Lo7id.o7i Ti'nes^City Article) says: The weathe" powers of the noble ves&cl you have tae honor to com- accordhoglynrtilTnesdiythe 6th day of November, having been fair during the last few days, the StockThe Aufitro-Pnissian Conference at Teplitz is there were an exhibition of a national " grinning still the theme of great debate. As the Prince of baboons," sure we have it now.'-".ORATION RY BANCROFT.The ceremonies of the . inanguration of the Perry-i i$.•i1 i- rof the-Graud Lodge of Ohto, Followed by a Song by Ouidan, E. vodg* and Masonic Choir,If 1•• - - 1I I!4'l-'formance of the engineDate. Lai AafTjirt 17.. ..40°*JLujrnxt 18.. ,.43°5;>f A«.*.!»t 19.. ..44084 Auburn 20..Jko^ast 21.. ,.46°57f Aagott 22.• • • • • • • » » •'• A«KOjt 23. .51°W AoSo«t 24.. .50C5H' JkmgUKt 25.. .51°0<ZAngart 26.. .M°2SLong. W. 60-02'64517'5504y 49^0<y 44^44'32=45' 24025' 16<>03'7^21'the Franklin to return to Meseina. She had scarcelyDistance rounded the Capo dell' Armi when she fell in with twoby- observation. Neapolitan frigates, which hastened down in the direc-Italian affairs go as they will, is not probable. French Ministers at London, Berlin, and Vienna are all absent from their post.. The Viennese ministeriwith their efforts we''make their glory oar own; by>.Events of considerable' importance are, indeed, taking place in Italy; but if no foreign Powers interfere tbere- Md, and if the Italians are left to settle their own affairs, the tranquillity of other States will remain un-the contrary, gain in joining the Italian cause.The progress of the insurrection in Calabria is re-corded in a letter dated August 21:The commander in Aquila, General Fleury, has writ-,stuck, sticks, and will-stick. Nothing menacing in the note. -An analogous note on the same subject was at the same time communicated to the French%i, *iMntMiimm>," •'«[**mt^v*mwfBri^'°*>/<i**>3<i!im*i\t»*iWM\t>\ /A»'«muituar«ut«wu« ;^.***>r.*i(V«fcJ»^'i^' .*''|EUROPE.1•"J**steamship City ^fW4discipl ne of Heir SXajeety's na^y, has established s4u- the power of the-Bourbons will b^ condned to the.^-P1' these partisans recommonds the King " t o cashierxstrniag.THE GREAT EASTERN.Aa.'nas been already announced, the Great Easternoffices are as nothing compared with the gifts " SOUTHERN ARMY or ITAI.Y, ^ e » TM ^ h e most Afiuila, one of the King's uncles, and formerly poured into their, the pious newspaper, offices. Itth^iorhi X e'COnclade'Jthe peacedeairadby- 1 5 F r a i C e b f t B f< I,0Confederation. That neutrality and .independence>n, from Liverpool" all the commanding officers." The editor of the mo8t"of the newspaper offices, a subscription fiat legitimate position, without shaking the confidence of is opened. The par excellence pious pewspapers Lnrope.. Taken aa a whole, bw policy was pure and238 335 73318. 306 • 320340 320 316' 341tion of Melito. She hoisted the American flag, under which she sails, was let pass, and came into Mes- sina.but of interesting himself in, great political ques-tions, who is not profoundly convinced of the'.utter contemplating their actions with love we renew in ourpilotat3:<J0,Halifaxat 4:« no.;leftdo.i»tK:50a.m.;leitpilot at 9:50 a.m. Saaed enginei for six hours off the Cape, and atop- V»d fomr time* to »ound.2>latxance run rrom Halifax^! St. Ann's Head, en- Bagnara, Palmi, up to Monteleone, where they seem trance of Millord Uaveij . . . . . . . . . ^ • . . . . • . • . 2,357 in 173:00 to prepare for their real resistance. They sent offAustria with the Czar, at which it was al3o stated the Prince Reg*ut would be present, no steps have beenably the most poetical, ofthe great cqlorists of the Union in tbe name ot the otopta or Ohio.modern French school of painting,. The best single The inhabitants of this Common vealth are,'by theirdeecent, of common blood with nearly all the older criticism upon his singular faculty that ever was States, and all the most h-ghly ejvilized countries of.2980-13:9 knot*212:54France in French or foreign vessels which shallTime. Knots H M.. 2,980 in 217:50 4:561,800 men in»search of the 200 first landed, and left the rest of the coast quite unguarded. They evidently did not imagine that one can sail round the island withoutby the Emperor of Austria or the Czar. Out of con- sideration to France, both Sovereigns will carefully ttbttain from taking any steps which might be inter- pieted as an act of coalition against'her.•a decree which suspends the law of the " sliding- get which of his novels, that Decamps would paint found in the Old Dominion and all tbe States to thethe broom which had served as an instrument of north of it, in the Bntish Isles and Irelandj, in the Ibe-xmm the 6th of Novem >er next. The following is the of their town, as they did not care to have their housesary, to March.a wise politico-economico measure. It checks the hounds passed, his horse took the bit in .his teethrising prices, and anticipates the extravagant spec- and rushed through the woods uncontroled by the* your kindred who are to take the only worthy ven-liteyal Speech: . " . The Lord Chancellor, with much deliberation and emphasis, proceeded to; read the Royal Speech, as fol-lows:des'royed. In case he did not choose to go out, the people would rise and try to make him go out. TheCommander promised to take the field.As far as'one can. judge from the Neapolitan troopsAFP AIRS IN FRANCE.ulations provoked by threatened Short crops, that unfortunate artist, who was finally dashed head, in the natural course of things would not have foremost against the branch of a tree. H e was taken reached the rates at which the law of the sliding up unconscious; his skull was fractured, and he ex-geance for what our revolati mary fathers Buffered i from the petty princes of a now fallen empire, by in- citing and teaching its immortal people to construct a free and united Germany.Ohio rises before the world as the majestic witness to the beneficent reality of the democratic priuciple. A commonwealth younger in years than he who ad- dresses you, not long ago having no visible existence but in the emigrant wagons, now numbers almost as large a population as that or all England when it guvo* birth to Raleigh, and Bacon, and Shakespeare, and*' MY LORDS AND GJKNTLEMKN: We are commanded wi'h wh'^m we have come in contaofy the great ma-' . by her Majesty to releaiseyou from further attendance jority of the officers would have no hesitation in mak- in Parliament, and at f le same time to convey to you ing common cause with, us, we; e they sure of keeping her Majesty'8 acknowledgments for the zeal and as- their rank; they live together with their families, on tddnity witn which you have applied yourselves to tha their pay, and hesitate to risk h before they can see performance of yonr isiportant duties* during the long clearly which side will be the strongest. If we could' . . P ARIS, Aug: 24, 1860.VTbe accepted version of that famous "Austrian scale admits,a reduced importing tariff till after pired two hours later in the arms of Ins friends.the Baltic ports were closed and Black Sea navi- • No one among all French artists can -nearly fill ther« -—•'=^^^^^^^^^^^T?JB*'."• i"««*>**-.Mw."rTThe first thing on landing was to destroy the sema-impossibility of a Successful French invasion of Eng, land. Now, why suppose that Louis Napoleon, who, whatever his moral weaknesses, has decidedly proved himself to be not an ass, and knows England'breasts the just courage with which they glowed, and gain the ennobling consciousness that we, too, have the power within us to imitate their example.Citizens of Cleveland, executing a purpose whichhad its origin in their own muuioipaf Government,higher np, could not be found in time to destroy it, andwere surrounded and defeated. :An arinistica was thenthus the tale of the landing was brought to Reggio and proposed. The commanding officer .referred their tons. At. the same time messengers were sent out to proposition to the GeneraHn-Chief for his decision.In the mean time, the enthusiasm of the Neapolitan troops abated; they became disorga; ized, and dispersed —leaving the baiteries without any defenders..VIENNA, Wednee^ay.—Notwithstanding the positiveannouncement made by several of the German news-The Neapolitans have been this time as completely papers of an approaching interview of the Emperor ofoutmaneuvred as they were at Palermo. They con-centrated all their forces along the coast from ReggioDfatance run by ship from I dy Hook to Halifax , 623 in 44:50 upward by Punta' di Pezzo, Torre Cavallo, Scvlla, taken with t jut object, up to the present moment either—why suppose that he should be blind to what is cheered by the patriotic zeal of an artiat who is a na-73*2.980 miles. the Faro 12 days ago. They were in the wilds of theplain to you, the ordinary Angle-Saxon observer. 1The world of art has met with a very great and ergy of their spirited contracors, have raised the mon-* To St. Ann'» Head. !RjtxAKK^.— Lri'. Pilot aijSandy Hook at 6:40 m.; arrived rejoined the forces under Garibaldi.one of the greatest, if not the greatest, unquestion-ads here assembled this statue ia now dedicated to thefind the 200 men who had been thrown across from Asproroome, about three hours' distance, and soon,tive of their State, and sustained by the confiding en- irreparable loss this week in the.death of Decamps, ument which nasjuBt been unvailed. Before the myri-212:54 passing the Straits. Of Reggio iself they were sohave loaded' in any foreign port previous, to Sept. handle. There is no extravagance in this, as any tinental States, especially^in Germany; so that, in ad- LONDON PRODUCE MARKET.—Sugars—The onlV 30," 1861, at the lowest rate of duty fixed by the one fhmiliar with Decamps's works— e. g. with dition to tbe mysterious affioity of human nature withPROROGATION OP PARLIAMENT-THE sure that they left not more than eight companiesthere—four of the line, anJ four of riflemen. As Boon'QUEEN'S SPEECH. • as the landing of Garibaldi became known, a deputa-On Tuesday, Aug.|£*, Parliament was prorogued tion waited upon the Commander,', asking him if hewanted to tight; if so, they requested him to move outllaw of 1832. The decree further provides that ves- that wierd i Gorge of Ollioule," at sight of-which truth and freedom, no woid can be uttered in any partservations ' on the enrolment of revolutionary vol- f and laborious session oi Parliament now about to close. make promises in the name of King Victor Emanuel, unteers in his Sardinian Majesty's States, and ex-Here, jn and about Paris, the rain it rainethevery day, and the average temperature-would be-come .November. People go about the ste^ets inovercoats. But not all parts-of * France are so evilentreated by the weather, and there is still room forhope that, take tho country through, both the grain opened to-day the sittings of the General Conncilof Each one of he'r inhabitants gladdens in the fruit of his and wine crop need not fall very far below an the department of the Loire, with a speech, of which own toil. She possesses wealth that must be computed" Her Majesty commands us to inform you that her few would hesitate, but we are as yet only a Provision-relations with foreign 'Powers are friendly and satis- al Government not recognized by the Powers. It will, pressed the confident hope that his Majesty would factory; and her Majesty trusts that there is no danger therefore, I suspect, require another good battle to put a stop -to it, and stick closely to the Villafranca of any interruption of the general peace of Europe. bring home the conviction,that there is no risk, but, on preliminaries and the Zurich treaty, as Austria hasP ARIS, Tuesday, Aug. 28, 1860.The Count de Persigny, in hie capacity of President, began its continuous attempts at colonizing America.disturbed._*'The propoeed conff rencee on the subject of the ces- ten the following undtr date of the 19th: The day' Government, which French Government approvesweather has been highly favorable., But here in about to exatnine the existing probabilities of peace Paris there have not been in the last thirty being maintained in Europe, and said:days forty-eight consecutive hours without rain; in "Tbe Emperor'8 programme of Bordeaux has notthe last fortnight, not twenty-four consecutive dry been 'changed. Without pretending to abolish war,hours. . . . • ' . , . ; . ' , the Emperor baa, however, repudiated the inheritanceand benevolent people, at once daring and prudent, unfettered in the use or their faculties, restless in en- \ ter.prise, do not squander f" e accumulations of their industry in vrfin show, but ever go on to render the earth more productive, more beautiful, and more con- venient to. man; masteiing for mechanic purposes thesion of Savoy and'of Nice to France have not yet been before yesterday the people of Villa Poggia have risen and sends down hortatory note to Victor Emanuelheld. But her Majeslly confidently trusts that, in any in insurrection. The dragoons, who were there in gar-negotiations which Duajjr take place, full and adequate rison, have joined in the seditions cries—" Viva Gari- that he approve. Hence the recent measures takenArrangements will he t lade for sscuriog, in accordance baldi ! " " Viva Vittore Emmanuele! " I dispatched by Sardinian Government te cheek further enrol- with the spirit and Utter of the treaty of Vienna of two companies of the 13th Regiment to the place. ments for Garbaldi, of whom, for the rest, Cavourof mere fighting for the sake' uf vengeance for the de-Last Sunday and Monday were the appointed feats of the firBt empire. Before the inauguration of unwasting forces of nature; keeping exeniplaiwt good,; '%»;>*-:«V-'- !:'.•,. ,«%*'NEW-YORK DAILY TRIBUNE^ WEDNESDAY, SEPTEMBER 12,,A. -i>';•s,;largo paH upon the effeminacy and cowardice of Paris theaters are likely to amount to a larger sum. dona bad been constituted. Frmayhae never concealed loTd and tenant, in Ireland win, Her Majesty trusts, re- rising to be organized at Gamno Basso left yesierd*y. his npbility. AB a sure measure for retaining and The Grand Opera has already sent in 9,000 ber intentions, either from Sardinia or from England.move some fertile cauces of disagreement To-fl»y others will leave, from whom we shall scx£ reforming the navy, one of-the most prominent of francs, the net proceeds of its last Saturday She has deceived nobody. . " The Act for,amending the law which regulates the h*-ar lrbm Avellino and Salerno. In tess than, a w-e* night's performance of Semiramis. At '*The Emperor has certainly replaced France in hert8ry rules f^r the adrniniatration ofjustice by court ttd and a fow other places. on the 30Ji nit., arrived martial, and for muinta ning good order in the naval•» the29th, and Q*;^,,^0,at this port on T oe8^ay.*«rn«w»wae printed in IE 'TRIBUNE of Satarday *cil givemeansfor a leBa explosive ad-ninistrauon of The following letter from Gen. Garibald* has been descent of angel captains and cherub middys on subscriptions received at these naughty newspaper OTvn wsponsiblity. A 8 soon as it was possible to arrivetelegraphic summary of service. The Act bearing upon endowed chariiieB LETTER PROM GARIBALDI.thepropertyofcharities,andforthespeedyand receivedbytheCounterofShaftesbury: • -0 thequarterdeckstheyvacated. TheCountofeconomical settlement of disputes atfec'Jng /eucti prop-e r l y ; w h i l e , b y . a n o t h e r A c t r e l i e f h a s b e e n a f f o r d e dib Her Majesty's Roman Catholic subjects with regard fortuoaie tarcumBtdnces ol my me .t to their charitable endowments. •a t t h e h e a d o f t h e m a r i n e , i s n o w i n P a r i s * M i n - i s n o t h a r d t o t e l l w l i i c h g i v e s m o s t e p l e a s u r e t o t h e- e r n m e n t t h a t t l e Buttheextern-.1 Iesscontr >lUd administration; upon us, use''gtatfsmtn arid nature and the two peoples w < have been dlrtnx forever to be adi the oversbado .-i ment t > Stand dred nations?Even now •<•.& hope of a.gre.teniched Milford Haven ofc,the evening of Sunday, " Several other Acts have bem passed for legal re- eform, which mmt lead to the more satisfactory admin- ^ B e ° n t a S d to K « t ^ v grat^ude to those mostjustified in attributing to this Prince tho study of a from the faithful of. their i>arty, or the monetary Lm was S K S U K K b * ?u r °Pe te^lf. This sys-koguat 26. Her arrival created a great deal of excite- istration of justice.-£ »ent, and her reception wa Ba moat enthusiastic one, " Her Majesty has observed with deep satisfactiontkeofficersandmenofthe Channel Meet being very thespiritofloyalty,ofoider,andofobedience to the demonstrative. law which prevails among her:*uKjec'3,» both in theT J u « d i n ^ K . W d much.friendsto>om Italy owes sorole not dissimilar to that played by Louis Philippe.succor they do not receive from the wicked readers ^ S J r L TM ? i « a.vm ent transition, which byUnited Kingdom and in ner dominions beyond eea; Benevolent AsHocifttion." • • At a meetmg of the paaw ngers, Capt. Win. Morris, and her Mnje^ty^has witnessed with heartfelt pleasnreJL N., proposed, and Judge Hastings, of California the warm and affectionate reception given to his Royal •eeonded, the following ad< rees to Capt. J. V- Hall. Highness the Prince of Wahss by her North Americanen the conclusion of the "voyage, which was carried vnankncusly:*• 1* C»pt»in JOHJT Vix» HAIL:" GREAT] EASTERN, Aug. 25,1860.subjects. '•*•••" The military role of France in Europe is at an end have duties to perform scarcely less important tban don nor Pans stock markets have been influenced by Queen mother, dotes on the King, his nephew, re- nore English subscriptions; and that generally the It affotds me great happiness to be conscientiously able those which have occupied yon during tho session^ ol the pacific assurance conveyed in the speech of Count spects crowns on other people's heads, but would' human and Christian side of the case is entirely to say that an era of peace and prosperity is now- open- - •"of experiment' sillanimity, tfi< 3 . future Ameri." T ) V A H A N D E X C E L L E N T L A D Y : i w o o g m e m w JJKAR ANI> &x\.*->•'•*• ,..- Tpamberthatot•voyage ©I the Great Eastern, desire to express our srant solicitude—the welfare and the happmess of her stocks were rather weaker. The discount market re- He is brother-in-law of the Brazilian Emperor. ever in the last six thousand years' world's historyME NT.•Urces by no means favorable to developiug the fall •Stheeommissi-n, declared the Parliament proroguedmand.. The foul state <: f the "bottom and the light ^ S b e & here holden.- The Speaker and mem- market has again closed with*comparative steadiness. correct. The one that has made the most noise hero late mischief, and knowingly puts finger on nose on Monday. There were fifteen military companies in•draught of -water are reaiions why her performance at bers of the Lower House havmg withdrawn, the The account of the pacific snesch of Count de Persigny and looks toward France, as much as to say, there•©me future time should exceed that of the present ctremony of prorogation was at an end.'voyage. At the same tic le -what she has done w suffi-cient to show that, pract cally, the idea of Brunei has / T H E IKVASION OP CALABRIA.fceen fully realized. Hei qualities as a seaboat and the Corre^K>ndence of The London Times. ' •ease with which she can be bandied are as marked as *^ MESSINA, Ang. 20.entire absence of all disc rb'ing pitching motion, she is jEwrbeyond all cohiparisoij with other vessels'asregards the comfort and eoavt nitijnce of passengers. W e have, therefore, no hesitation] in recommending her as thedo nothing, as he had eight men of war and seven large Letters from Odessa speak of the excellent condition lishes an article in his most solemn style of hifalu- for their tomfoolery. No worst nonsense in the of Ohio. It is eight feet in bight, and stands upon atransports, and that assistance was required most ur- of the new wheat. The crops in Wallachia are very telence, the windy drift of which is, 1. That real- columns of The T!irnes, or in reports of Parliament- pedeetal of Rhode Island granite seventeen feet iu bight, eo that the entire hight of the monument isi'"Veryfaithfullyyours,"' [Here follow the nan es of the passengers.}To this Captain Hallj wrote the followiog reply: " STEAMSHIP GKKAT EASTKRN, at sea,andlookforit. Garibaldi,whowaspresent,tooKoil" his sword, and said, " I see I must look for it myself." The. next moment twenty were in the water, but the search was unsuccessful, owing to the quantities of sea- weed and shells which clung to the bottom of the ship:PAIUS, Thursday.—TheAustrianandPrussianEm- ^Finally,thatthearrangementrecentlyarrivedat nallydrawnup,hetellsus,asareportto thebassadors bave signed thth. copies of the Syrian Con- 'in Teplitz perfectly quadrates with the views of French Ministry of Marine, is now published - byvention before qwtting Paris on leave. The dates will, Louie Napoleon, who, in fact, was in a sort the assent of the chief of that Ministry. As a dry butUnvaillngofth»iStatuebytheArtist. Acceptance of the Monument by the Mayor In behalf1 .tionfcl travel,_w ciilumniatorori tentamongas\ breath; that o-ii- Ang. 25 1860.**DKAR SIR: It is! always gratifying to a cora- So nothing remained but to use the puenps, and try to" • mainly correct statistic of the naval and military Ido not make much account of.M. Grandguil- forces and expenditures of the two countries, it has' i •-wander, and affords hi m some compensation. for his get the better of the leak in that manner. Tbis was anxieties, to find his »h p spoken well of by his pas^n- done up to a certain point, but not entirely. However, rgfers, and the endeavors of his officers aiid himsalfwO Garibaldi was'not foiltd in hi*plans for that. He made vmoie their comfort smd safety appreciated'by them. the" mtn embark again, telling them that he had oavi- ! gated ships in a fur worse state f>r several days, and which, in the name of the passengers, you have just that therrfore a passage of a few hours was not worthpresented to me. I an equally delighted with them speaking of.country has been so agreeable.' It is an additional sat- The two steamers departed, taking their course due east, and at '2a. m. they were close inland. The To-isfaction to me to see amid the signatures some of those rino, heavily laden with 2,000 men, beside stores, ranof our former passengers, headed by yourself, who, on »hore. Nevertheless, the disembarkation begaii from long experience and position, are so well capable near Capo Spartivento, in a bay to the west of it. Noi©fjudgingof thequalitiesandperformanceof aship. atraceeitherof.Neapolitan cruisersorsoldierswastoI beg yon will convey] to your fellow-passengers my he seen—all went off without accident; but the hope thanks for the kindly feeling which has prompted them that the Torino would get off by being lightened wasceived full power for a definite signature^of the Con- vention. / . 4The cholera had,broken out with increased violence at Melaza. Six hundred persons have been attacked in one day, and fifty of them have died. - .It is s'.ated that Napoleon has resolved to create two new regiments of Zouaves.The speculators on the Paris Bourse ytrere discussing the effect ot the fall of the Bourbon dynasty at Naples.lot's editorial articles at the time of their appear- its value as a book of reference. As an argument, it ance, although it is the mode so to do. I have notes is a great deal worse than worthless. M. Cuchevalof the sensation articles ofthe so-called semi-official proves, which was not difficult, that the English Majournals for -the past ten years, a comparison of military marine is greater, and that the appropria-^ Masic by the Band,ncident* of the Battle of L*k<; Krie, by Dr. Usher Paraon?. onic CeremonieR by the Grand M*8ter, Horace N. Stokes,therefore receive wii» mach pleasure the addresswhich with the facts of the past ten years conclu- sively shows that they deserved very little of the transient importance that has been given to themtions for it are greater than the French navy and French marine appropriations., Hence M. Cuche-that our trip from America to the shores of the oldiepreK«-ntinjr th^ Bottle of Lake Erie, as fought on tbe 10th of Sept 1S13,by the gallant• • Commodore Perry.thustoaddressmeatthecloseofthevoyage,and,wiih heat wishes for their welfare, beheve me to remain,not realized. She-remainedfastimbedded.. TheLieut.'iWeed CreekStation,! that the Indiansand wounded th the redskins, opinion of the gera at presentLieut.**W%*c ;, Canon, Dry Or ! calitiee for cantgagementwith Mitchell, an^i l\ were serbut-i v four were wodi- Armstrong. l.a« - in Ptrong ten;.sthe fray."A detach nvnFloyd to Car;oi fuel were tolew jLieut.-Col. S writes under distate of the ;r interests' ta I vent him froa|. -of War's .orle several tempor He hoped, howCol. Cooke, to • Capt! Sturgi Indians 8tat«-< Skins, he pursi: neighborhood finally had an the fotal rout oi dtadon the -tielKearney. i h< .gsgement beion I., 1st Cavalry, on the 27til o wheie he arriv< all other ofliocri of the emaciat ment, owiui.' t'o A new muit Mines.'* has bee situated ih'the cdistrict, not \crmen areeaiu t<> force of the.7iarnew- station. fighting to do H We havejaAe^VB that the &U vittually wit'rd 1861. Sheis-« vey held^'on 1 e**.take eight nun proper trim." 1 poeed of w <\ transpired.-A nava! geu< <he corvette.Sicers and men. little troub\t-.<->] are the chief itThe brig-ot-'\ Paraguay E\:> on her return," Brooklyn Kav*; for ftirther o.-iThe America . -cised about tbe ne*u by the Atquois being :ti pectedthe Sti* daily lookjr.« o to beheve tin consist of throApplicants f. visiting the i» ordered for set eriuipped s\\ ur edhindsmenkcompetent to j muster 10,0lX>'gently. Tin re was no answer, and we now know the good, but in Moldavia the quality is unsatisfactory. reason; the Semaphore has been'destroyed'to ward Me- At Odessa, on the 25m, business was paralyzed formade for French and English houses. 'A Turin journal asserts that the Admiral in commandof the French squadron at Naples has received orders toobservethestrictestneutrality,and donothing that may interfere with the defense of Naples against an at- tack.Theordertopreventthedepartureofanymorevot nnveersfor Sicily is defended by the ministerial jour- nals of Turin, on the ground th'at the desertions from the Sardinian army to join the National cause had be- come so numerous as to threaten the demoralization of the army.The official journal of Sicily declares that, as no law is applicable to the journals, they are subject to the will of the Dictator. * "NAPLE?, Ang. 28.—The Neapolitan troops were at- phore stations; it was done with one, but the other, tacked-by Garibaldians, near Piale, by whom theyspecially important, beyond the simple fact, patent to any tolerably attentive observer, and constantly pre- sentedin this correspondence'of latemonths, that Louis Napoleon's present wish ur his evident inter- est 'is to confine the Italian war to Italy and to be atpeacewithEuiope. "'That that peace is to be suddenly interrupted, letAnd yet it is not much worse than the likehe following is the address of Mr. Bancroft: FELLOW-CITIZENS OK THE UNITED STATES:TheFranklin remained there for sixhourstrying t» get off; " Dear Sir, with nracn estwm, yonri very faithfally, the thickest hawsers broke, but the ship did not stir.moral existence of the nation, and given the greatest of England is. not one particle more .probable than proof of their love for it by periling their lives in its an English invasion of France. There is not a defence, desfrve to be commemorated by w^rks of art, that the evidence of their virtues may be ever present is gone or going to take his vacation. Napoleon •living man capable, I do not say of understanding, to the eye of the people. By our willing sympathy« Cmpt. W. MOKHIS, R. M. " JOHN VINE HALL."The following is the tjfficial report of the log and per- Seeing that nothing could be done, Garibaldi orderedThehimself is off on his tour to Savoy, and Nice, and Corsica, and probably to Algeria, which, in case he does visit his African Colony, will take a ponth's time. Spontaneous enthusiasms, balls, dinners and triumphal arches arc awaiting.him, cut, dried, and gilt, along his route. He will take occasion at Lyons, it is said, to emphatically reiterate the peace-ful sentiments of his famous declaration of Bor- deaux, 1852, something faded by the exposure to these intermediate campaigns. He takes the Em- press with him, and leaves the little prince.in charge of Marshal Vaillant. He institutes no provisional regency, hut keeps up his working connection with ministers by telegraph and couriers.His most important act before leaving was to signAs for the question of invasion, a French invasionbe filled up and the'signatures of the other Embassa- IV dors added as soon* as the. Turkish Embassador has re' original suggester of it. ...*Accounts from Cas'ile and Catalonia state that wheat as indications of Napoleon's policy. M. Grandguil- has risen considerably in consequence of purchases lot's to.-day's delivery tells nothing new, true, ortensely unreasonable in quarreling with the modern excessive growth of the French marine. I think it would be waste of ink and paper to- argue Cuche- val's stupidity or malice (whichever it -is) to yourreaders.quality in English writers, who boldly deny Franco's defense of our country is not a burden to be shunned, right to a navy, while indulging in the last excess of but an inalienable right which we are to assert and ajealousyofFrance's landforce. InGod'snam9, sacreddutywhichwearetofnliill. The heroicdeeds who gave to England alone fee simple of the-sea.8? of those who in manly battla have stood up for tho-.• every troe a>:ei . republican ho\>\.m• ARMY Al IFrom Our Own Correspondent.note " now is, that Austria presented to the Cabi- gation was impeded. • ','".•net-of Turin, through the Prussian Minister, li ob- ?faith with their nublic creditors; buildiagin halfa cen— rruy more churches than all England has raisdd since this continent was discovered; e<icfo wing and sustaining universities and other seminaries of learning. Con- scious of tbe dynamic power of mind in action as the beBtof fortresses, Ohio lteeps no standing army but that of her schoolteachers, of whom she pays more than 20;000; she provides a library for every school district; she counts among her citizens more than 300,000 men who can bear arms, and she has more than twice that number of children registered as students in her public schools. Here the purity of domestic morals is maintained by the virtue and digoity of woman.In the heart of t*3 temperate zone of tbie cootinent, iu the land of the orn, of wheat and tbe vine, the eldest daughter of the Ordinance of 1787, already th young mother of other commonwealths, that bid fair vie.wiih her in beauty, rises iu her loveliness and glory, crowned with cinee, and challenges the adjura- tion of the world. Hither should come the political skeptic, who. in hh despair,'ie realy to strand the S'lip of.State; for here he may learn how to guide it safely on the waters. Should some modern Telemachus, her to: an hdand empire, touch these shores, here he may observe the vitality and strength of the principle of popular power; take from the book of experience the lesson, that in publio affaire great and happy results follow in proportion to faith iu the efficacy of that prin- ciple, and learn to rebuke ill-advised counselors who pronounce the most momentous and most certain of political truths a delusion and a falure.-"Gentlemen of ttu\ House of Commons: Her them to cry "Viva it Jit," and to fire. The struggle government. On occasion,of a false alarm of Gari- ernment candidate. y H-ejce is good occasion to turns'. In view of so ma-iy great results obtalued by a wasting fever, led his squadron to battle 7 As it Majesty commands vut: to convey to you her warm commenced, and. listed about an hour. The gendarmes .baldi's approach the. other dav, a national guard, in direct'the earnest attention of all students of cur- hranee, and the luater which they throw around the shielded by a higher power, he encountered death ou1815' the neutrality und independence of the Swiss They, too, have made common cause with the insur-days for the-municipal elections throughout France. the nreeent empire two extraordinary questions wereThey have generally resulted in the choice, by small pending, viz., the question of the East and that ofmajorities—by hare majorities of the electors—of> Italy—neither of which could be resolved by means of " the candidates of the Administration." "The Min- dipknnacy. Although the, ware resultingfrom these ister of the Interior sent forth fine theoretical circu- questions could not be avoided, they were carried, outgents. . I then went myself to get the troops again out' is nearly as afraid, and with nearly as much rea- "were an ol-ject to width- all the Powers who vere par- of the town. They commenced by obeying my orders; son, as King Francis is. The fact of it. ie, thatties to the treaties of Vienna attached great importance, but just while we were leaving the last houses of the the movement of which Garibaldi is the military lar^, recognising and recommending to his subordi- with promptitude, and the Emperor Bucceeded in real- * and they are no less !nnortaut now than then for the place behind us, the troops again fraternized wi.h the nates the constitutional rights'of the universally izing the object for:which they were undertaken.general interests of Ei: rope. people, and I had to withdraw from Foggia, accom- leader is getting more and more out of Cavour's" The deBiruction of Sebastopol prevented Russia **Her Majesty com mauds us to assure yon that the s rights?.' The practical working of the Government from taking possession of Constantinople, and the atrocities which have ! •>een committed up-m the Chris- Barri has followed the example of Foggia. The fortune for Italy, but natural, and, however regret- central machinery was universally applied to coun- Eastern question was confided to the charge of unitedtian population in Syri t have inspired h9r Maj< sty with province Batilicate, situated in the very heart of the Europe. ' •the deepest grief and indignation. Her Majesty has kingdom, is likewise lost to the Bourbms. The insur- able, not blamable in either of the equally-sincere teract the theory, with such results as I have just . " As regards the war in Italy, the Italian States weredbeerfully concurred v ith the Emperor of Austria, the rection began at Corleto. Its chiefs are Col. Boldoni, patriots. . , - indicated. In many communes, not enough electors delivered from Austrian domination, and the principalEmperor"of the French!, the Prin >e Regent of Prussia, Major Miguorma, and Signor 'Albini, an advicate. Meantime, the movement goes on. Garibaldi, voted to legalize the choice even of the Government object of the/war was thus obtained. Although theand the Era'peror of Rdseia, in entering into an engage- Tley have proclaimed " / Italia e Vittore Emmanu- not having had leisure to read the numberless candidates. You know that in Paris, where these Italians now jeopardize the indepeudence whicn theyment wittythe Sult*n, >y which temporary military as- ele," and have invited all the communes of the province columns of advice and caution which Tlie Times, hugger-muggering procedures of prelects, etc., would acquired in consequence of tbe war^ the principle of-which she has witoessea the rapid progress in militarypanied-by nobody but my staff. control. The dissension between the two is a mis-" enfranchised people, and the observance of these. ejstaoce has been aiFor\ ea to the Sultan, for the purpose to have their armed contingents assembled at noon onthe 18th of August at Potenza. The Kevolutionary Grandgmlkit, and other journalistic notorities, offer be seen through and exposed, all tho members ofof reestablishing order in that part of his dominions. him, has landed in force on the main land. From the municipal government are appointed'directly by ' '*' W e are commanded by her Maiesty to inforrh you Committee at this chief town of the province, desirous'that her Majesty grea tly regrets that the pacific over- to avoid bloodshed, put,the queetion to the prefect, as Naples, for the last few days, there has been a per- Government. , The notion that humbug—the word tnres wtich, by her M«jesty's directions, her Envoy in well HBto the commander of the gendarmes, what tr'ey fect stampede. Queen Mother has fled to Spain; or the thing—is an American speciality, is an ex-non-intervention, now a recognized rule of interor- natioiial policy, exercises a dominating inlluehce over the further development of the question."These are the only questions which occupy the at- China made to the Imj >erlal Government at Pekin did intended to do—if to reeist, or to abstain, and ;et tniugs Gen. Filangieri ran to France; the riff-raff of noblesse cessive extravagance of American ignorance and tention of Europe at the present-moment.not lead to any satifmctory result; and it has, there- go their course, or join the people. The prefect asked have emigrated' in great numbers-to Rome anl vanity. The word is used By Smollett, and theadvance toward the Northern Provinces of China, for hour Captain Castagna sent word to the commanders shipboard, ready for a trip up the Adriatic. That' the purpose of suppcrting the just demands of the of the National Guard that he was ready- to fraternize he will be tripped up at Naples before long is pretty Billault... .-allied Powers. with the people. On the 18th, he took his 400 gen- certain; on that point, he is honestly in accord with- -By the side of these sham municipal elections, it '**Her Majesty, deeious of giving all possible weight darmes ana left the town for a bill near it whicFi is public opinion; * The Lazzaroni and the annexation- is good to record the result of an election in"thevug currsupport the project of German unity for any compensa- tion ahe might obtuin. _ '•lor time to reflect. Captain Caetagua replied that heMarseilles; the King ha,s his goods, crown jewels, thing exists in France. Our Old Public Functionaryror of the French, bid sent to tbe China Seas.should The negotiations thus were in-errupted, but a$ a later and Barnum is a tyro in comparison with Minister' being stronger when Germany ia divided, will neverfore, been necessary thjat the combined naval and mili-tary forces which her Maj»>ety and her ally,the Eraper- would fight until his last oartfidge would be spent. and all the money he could-find in the treasury, on is a dabster in ^comparison with Louis Napoleon," The Rhine iBno longer a strategicfrontier. France,China, as Special Embjissador for this service, the Earl tional Guard followed them, calling upon 'the'gen- rest of the citizens scud out of town with an alac- Legislatif. Of 34,000 electors, 20,000 voted andof Elgin, who negotia ted the Treaty of Tien-tsih, the darmes to cry **' Viva Garibaldi ! Viva I'unila rity of fear that would be laughable did it not in- 19,000 of them votedfor M. Millon, who, withoutfull and faithful execution of which is demanded from Italiana!" The gendarmes did it, but with very' the Emperor of China. bad grace. The. captain then, on his part, ordered* spire serious anxiety for the possibility of a free being a Republican or Legitimist, was not the Gov-This anniversary of the great action of OliverRegent and Francis Joseph did-not admit reporters, it is quite possible that none of the versions are nearlyva< the opening of the Council of the Loire produced no and in Germany was given some days ago by a cor-alteration, although in Paris it appears to have had the- respondent of Le Nord newspaper, who expresae's is where the trouble came from. As though thatat lafttook to flight, leaving forty prisoners and three full uniform, called out to defend the c ty against rent French history tr> the very slowly and timidly, French nation, it is natnral that uneasiness and distrust his righi hand, and death on hie left, ever in advance,yards and arsenals. was given to the runaway gendarmes, of whom every maintain a falling cause. A singular proof of its these days, that this legislative body is constantly, treaties which Austria concluded with the Italian ing as beseemed hie spirit, he passed m a boat to the" My Lords and Gememen: Her Majepty commands one was taken. As soon as this report had been re- weakness is that Government can get no service out necessarily working up to a certain independent n» to express to you the gratification and pride with ceived the Minister of War, Piaueih, gave orders to of its own navy, and dare not'send it against Gari- parliamentary vitality: the coming Republic or^uoade, and which is highly honorable to thair spirit and menced their march on the 10th. Arrived at Eboli, in this respect, that it dare not.employ its own navy. patriotism, . .. '•}/'• '•,, thisforcesettocryingwVivaVittore Emmanuele." totransporttroopsandprovisions,buthasatthisprinces, h ranee used every possible effort to prevent uninjured Nisgara, unfurled his flag,, bore down within the conflict. If the Emperor kept silence before the pistol shot of hie enemy, poured into them broadsides outbreak of the war, in reference M>his promises to re- starboard »od broadsides port and while the sun was SSESrfWff °/iA r^'a UI>.0U"*tal3*,^waswiththe stillhi«h above the hornsm,left noofficetobedoaethe troops at Salerno'to start. Four companies of the baldi's half dozen poor steaniera and fleet of fishing Constitutional Monarchy is to be based on. its efficiency which her i/olunteer forces have already- 6th Regiment and forty mounted gendarmes com- boats; nay,sogreatandwell-foundediffitsdistrust action.classes here, Christianity, humanity, and nation. would have, spread increased excitement among them. ino those eventful hours a complete lyric poem, pertect Aet i«r*am$lgaaiating hjer local European forces in In- march.- The Government then, yesterday evening^ moment freighted for" such service nine French ality, of the French varieties, all finding something Ihus the silence with which the Emperorhaa been in all ha parts. Though he was carried away and" Her Majesty has given her cordial consent to the Sfcven miles further en they refused to coutiuue theirdia with her forces eng iged for general service. gave marching orders to some companies oi the Royal steamers, at'a^ mpntbly.expense of 440,000 francs, apt in its "different phases. Bosh, cant, sincerity, reproached was disadvantageous to himself alone! raised above himself bylhe power with which he warf" H e r Mnjesty trusts that the additional freedom-which you have given! to commerce will lead to fresh Gnard. . . •• . ,while its own vessels are lying idle. national jealousy, sectarian community, natural 0 B a i d i u poeSessed,*the passion of his inspiration was tempered's ^ i l T x r " ? *S reference to tho cession of by the serene self-possession of bis faultlees courage; it is very noticeable that the.strongest advocates sympathy, all mix in the matter. The subscriptions Savoy-and Nice to France. •here in P a n s of divine right in general, and King in favor of the Syrian Christians taken'hip'iu the v-V, 5 ? e l t u ] ia n 8 ; **&* the conclusion of the peace of his will bad the winged, rapidly of fiery thought, and j yst observed with ueliberateuees thecombiua'ious oIJ|There are assembled at Potenz* about 10,000 armed " Her Majesty has 0 v«n her ready assent to several men, mostly mountaineers and experienced huutsmen.development of product ive indastry.jneasares of great publl s usefulness. ' • Bands of insurgents from other provinces are now on Francis's right in particular, now generally give up Paris churches amountjfco 87,000 francs.[The con- Vilia franca, having acted in violation of that treaty on harmony and the proportions of measured order./"/ The A<*» tor rtpato ting the relations between laad- their march ^o join thew, The -destined leaders of u the hitter's cusc as boneless, tmd. charge the fault ux tributions to' thy same, good purpose ma4e by tho the other Bide-of the Alps, France could not renounceMr* JJW.V 7 W WHil auv honors, ft t^e virtue 9\ WJ•••.-•'*• ./•'.-;• •:rAll^SLla l *>«<»*<***&*>>"Wth» isters believed that he was planning a revolution for editors of the Monde and the Ami dcla Religion, the A n o t W 1 ^ t U p 0 n h e ? b 7 t h e treaties.of Vienna. having acquired for my country the rymp.itiiy oi we his own benefit, and it looks as though they were succor which the destitute Syrian Christians receive M l S S ' A S ? . I 0 * TMSP18. a*d the political system ofwithA. met profound«to^."^jCHinWPthe procession. Am<mg them the Providence Light rfleet usual from all these uneasy exhortations to confi- the utmost confidence in its correctness; its most had any radical thing to do with the patent,- una- Infantry, with the Providence American Band, Dod-;•/•.• .unr*cord«»d d*jidl , edition, but *mftheir *-nd. Thi-if need be, i'. dV-fJ gation; it hjgr.nl tory eo fnll'oT i *l t h e dieixiteres*.—ll hope or f»i»e. orl to the all ple*<fi| state mm the l^>»|whatisrigr;t." We have r^elbe reported tt.'.*l that enemy'" AI atate abandon* II people initni^' «". the nation from same copious la| theloveoflib?--1860.'Monde, who advises such heroic remedy, _behV*ves honest. If he has made war in Italy it was only be- in coteroporary miracles, and probably looks for a take frequent and lively pleasure in stating that the cauee the other powers were notwillingto engage theirThe King sent his uncle into exileunder. pretext of of the SibcU and other revolutionary papers. The two_ great convulsions entirely disturbed the Enronean'I remain, Madam, your " amission to London relative to the Royal Marine." . melancholy laughable side of all is,:that the Pope, equilibrium. Since then it has w £ •£. ZLrTOL! *ofEnropethatageneral r S n S ^ ST*? J$V$ Not even the proverbially credulous marines be- who gives himself a good deal of credit for pinching fccted between toe H « ? * f i 5 p j j ^ ,£• ef"'lieve a word of that. T"he exiled man has sent to out of his poverty an aim 3 for the Syrian Christians, should by common * ^ V S £ £ * £ * £ S Zone,of the Paris journals a long, apologetic defense does not make-the slightest acknowledgment of which belonged to her rn the councile of the PowsrTof his late political conduct, and certifies beside to Abd-el-Kader's broad humanity and generosity in She no longer threatens nor is threatened. H w ZZlll achieved and the mission of the new empire i* accom-•l You will, on returning to yonr several counties,Parliament, and her Majesty fervently prays that tne de Pereigney. Fine weather is waited for. Mean not have one on his own at any price, and repeat- shrouded by the sectarian and national side of the ing for Europe." "' THE LATEST. .LONDON, Aug. 30,1860.-his general good character. He says that be is, and protecting and feeding all Christians who came to Tlte Daily News City Article eays: Neither the Lon- always has been, a Constitutional liberal, hates the him; that French subscribers generally utterly ig-461Dear Sir: W e the unueraigned passengers on the hlrssing of Almighty God may attend your efforts, and while the continued influx of gold to the Bank checks • edly declined one when offered to him by several case. Not that France in all these regards is by 6 tmmmmmmmimmmmmrmm^mmmmmmmmrw including trip of what may be considered the trial any tendency to un«a»mees. The funds remain per-yboundary not ti etreaty are too; United Stat^-f • Ltary of State, w meaning befo' now encamp"d r the name-of W should have co waived their Ih\ any part of it. two j o r 8dicT;..'n and in return fo yielding perhapcompany, ss !'.n American[ri^L.», .inconvenienc'- o:' very purpose vf. If the bnmecho of pentime voice of Ame.' csguide them to the attainment of the .objects of her con- fect lo statkwsry at yesterday's prices. • British railway South American republics while he was in Brazil! any whit more sadlyl ridiculous than England. If INAUGURATION OF THE PERRY MONU-Lord Palmer8ton undertakes the apology of. the;written was that of Balzac, who said, in I now for-the world. The homes of their ancestors/are to bescale," and admits grains and flour, imported into" murder so that you would see \h.Qi murder in the rian penineula, in Prance, in. Italy, and, of all the Con-sale by public auction con»iated of 278. hlids. and 19 tos,.Co»taRica, wbirh Rold at 3<*/6'©39/. Coffev markot steady ; the'pub-lic sa]<-B.art! goin« at full rates. Tea unchanged; common Con-gou quoted st-1/3^'5'1/4 a tine day has caused a pause in the de-mand; iiiarket tirm. Saltpeter quiet; a little business yesterdayafternoon at 43/ 6 for 6J 40' cent. Tallow market firm at 52/ on trary suspension of the law of the Echelle Mobile ia follow a chase at Fontainbleau; when the pack of the »pot, 52/6'@52/9 October to December, uAdi53jZ'a)S3je Janu-sels of all nations so freighted shall, up to aforesaid youiithink with consciousness of murder done—will of the cultivated world for right and liberty, but youdate, be exempt from tunnage duties.. This arbi-acknowledge. Last Wednesday, the artist wouldmay claim in it a family interest of your own. it is the sons of your forefathers of whom you expect that the tomb andthe birthplace of Virgil will be secured to the guardian ship of the free; it is yonr brothers andplace he has left vacant.the following is a Bummary,average yield. In Bomo of the wine districts, the The Count commenced by observiog that he was by thousands of millions; and her frugal, industrious,THE COUNT DE PERSIGNY ON THE PROBA- BILITIES OP PEACE IN EUROPE.The • Eastern Question continues to interest* all motive of leaving the Italians in ignorauce of his pow- but that of niorcy to the vauquhliod. If the compari- erfulassistance,which,badtheybeenawareofit sondoesnotseemfanciful,1willcallhisconductdur-Thomas M. Tryniski 309 South 4th Street Fulton New York 13069www.fultonhistory.comaer Aipiue frontiers, g ^ gthat a great Italian; kiwg-•artaav-' .' i'.• • JliWTurkish Government, says-the Maronites began the ' Monument took place in the City of Cleveland Otiio, -•dence, viz: that of adding to the dullness cf the Bourse. interesting feature was that " Prussia acknowledged voidable fact that Turkey is not only a sick man, worth's Band of New-York, anl ten other bands from \ The lact. of & further amount of gold having been taken " t h o importance to Germany of Austria's con- but already a gangrened, stinking corpse, that has Buffalo, Sandusky, and other places. A thousandthey are extraordinary: Tbis is the more gratifying Ga>ibaldi'8 star shines more brilliantly than.ever. to the Bank imparted a tendency to firmness About " tinued possession of Venetia." Le Nord holds got to be cut up, dismembered, and packed away—• Freemaeons were present. Places of honor were fxem the fact that it wason these points that those wno Shortly after sending off my letter yesterday by the £96,000 in fine gold was taken to the Bank to-day. fast to this version, despite all German and French the most interesting conceivable of parliamentary given to Governor Sprague of Rhode Island and staff, opposed the undertaking founded then- objection. direct ooat to Marseilles we received news of the suc- 'The London Times says considerable amounts of contradictors, among which last are to be noted the debates having no radically preserving savor to Bishop Clark of Rhode Island, Mr. Bartlett,..SecretaryThough the weather ha cess of Garibaldi's landing in Calabria, with the Brig gold continue to be sent to Spain in payment for wheat; three French so-called, semi-official Government- the contrary. Russia is wisely accumulating -mili- of State, Rhode Island, Gov. Dennison of Ohio and -passage*at- -t•b•is- •time o-•f• ...„ j e i _ . ade Bixio, of the Division Turr. It was au autograph with this' execution, the Continental demand is not so journals." Yesterday ..we received a i new detailed tary forces in Bessarabia. Austria, who, despite-winds we have enconi Bred have thrown the labor letter from Garibaldi himself which brought jthe news pressing as might, have been expected. staff, Q. H. Perry of Boston, and Mrs. Vinton, wife Almost entirely on the machinery, • ami have not in his usual "laconic style. It is dated 11 a. m. from . The weather this morning has an improved appear- version of the " declarations" of Teplitz, in which, her chronic financial weakness and political intesti- of the Rev. Dr. Vinton of Brooklyn, only surviving given u» the advantage ihich might be. derived from Melito, and says: " W e have landed successfully; our ance. among other things, a " French attack upon( Vene- nal troubles, seems always strong for war, also ac-full use of the sails. j The machinery has proved " people are reposing; the country people are flocking The Bishop of London has addressed a letter to his " tia or the Rhenish frontier is equally considered cumulates military forces. Turkish sectarian. feel- children of Commodore Perry. Six survivors of the the excellence of its cobetrnction by performing the "tone. The Torino has gone ashore, and all efforts clergy commending, the setting apart of soooe early " a menace to the integrity of Germany.'? This ing irritated to the last degree; not less active, or battle of Lake Eri*», and a large number of old soldiers-entire trip with remarkable smoothness and ease; " maoe to get her off have been fruitless." Almost at Sunday for paying attention to the condition of the looks very much like making the Mincio the south- sincere, or stupidly blind to practical consequence of the War of 1812 were in the procession. Not lesswhile the power dovelobed shows that it will always the same time that the news of a successful landing ar- country in connection with the prospects of the har- ern boundary of Germany. Upon, the probability than Romanist zeal and reactionary hate.be adequate to injure a h&gh rate of speed. The Urgd rived from this we got the information from our a'ly, vett of this version, I have nothing more to say at pres- But, as if causes enough were.not at hand, thewoo ot the ship affords Such ample 8pace for exercise, the iSf-apolitan semapbor, which telegraphed to Reggio At Mark Lane yesterday, prices l/®2/ in advancefor saloon and birth acco;$omodation, and for good ven- and all along the coast, that Garibaldi had landed with of those of Monday were asked, but not obtained, ent than to mention that in the Constitutionncl of stage managers of the exhibition of the national vailed. . - . . ' . . , 'tilation, that on these zronnds, as well as on that »f 8,000 men at Capo Spartivento, that the cruisers could bujers being unwilling to concede to the improvement. this morning its notorious editor, Grandguillot, pub- ".grinning of baboons" seek and provoke occasion The statue was made by Mr. Wm. Walcott, a native- I it i«*too late toyby prevarica,i• n Engiifth dockyar •ouly good lann rLake Superior; Obios on the she teieet a^ well in. was interpret*--! voicee on this our own G<>verr. on the condition" treaty must bind. ted in g»od fa.nh thememory of I ; the domain of t"Has'any Eun st-ength of thiei of our feeble cc i almofct perfrc; o; foreign'ruler be< to the tales'of ii the people of 01ly the exaggerated mistrust which Hungarian ary debates, that.is not fairly balanced by the inani- ,_ twenty-five feet. It is placed in the center of theexiles express toward the Austrian Emperor is, ties and .red-word insanities of French pamphleteers. Park, and commands a view of the lake that was thehowever natural and excusable, not only not com- I cannot take note«of them all, nor of the title of scene of Perry's exploits. The statue is cat from a this cry for help was s^en spreading along the co*st to- .LISBON, 29ih.—The Tyne from the Braziea, arrived mendable, but not even laudable, and, if not put a them. Ex unodisce omnes: I choose for an example block of pure white marble from a Vermont quarry. ward Palmi. In the evening the Franklin, which had here th;s morning, and will leave for Southampton at On tbe front of tbe pedeetal is a medallion representing formed paitof the expedition,came in,and brougho details noon. She has on board £34,000 in specie. stop-to, should be checked, not to say restrained; one of the most specious, gravely best: " Les Bud-. in miniature bas-relief the battle at that point of time of the lanoiDg. Previous to starting, when the men VIENNA, Thursday.—It is believed that the Govern- 2. That Francis Joseph is a patently honest, ear- gets de la Guerre et de la Marine" (the appropria- when Perry passed in a small boat from his disabled were alrf ady embarked, it was foncd that the Franklin ment will promulgate the new political ref >rms with- nest, progressive man; 3. That reports of discon- tions'for the land and sea service of the Govern- ship, the Lawrence, and transferred bis flag, " Don't ef your officers) toward us. In bidding you farewell, had sprung a leak, and the expedition had .to be de- out waiting for the vote of the Raichsrath, in order lto tent and manifestations of discontent in Hungary ments of France and England), by Cucheval Clar- give np the ship," to'the peak of the Niagara. Thewe trust that yonr name may be identified with that of layed. Tne men were landed again, and a search was leave to the Emperor the whole merit of spontaneously are not only improbable but unlikely, being devoid igny. T will not divaricate into etymological divi- nionumfnt has been erected at a cast of $10,000. theGreatEasterninalmg careerofcommercialsuc- madetofindouttheleak. Itwasnight/andtherewaa adoptingthfeni. bothofsatisfactory proof andsufficient evidence; Theorderofexerciseswasasfollows: cess'and maritime renov rn. ecru* hesitation on the part of the sailors to plunge in sions on Mr. Cucheval's name. His pamphlet, origi- Prayer by th«« Rev. Dr., Perry.safest and moat comfortable passenger ship afloat. W e lito, but higher up, Reggio demanded assistance; and want of shi oping. desire to exprees our approbation of the watchful care.which characterizes all irrangenients having in view the safety of the ship an 1 pa-saoge'S, and to you per- sonally, Sir, to convey onr eense of the courteous kind- n*«8 which has ever masked your demeanor (and thathiding with a Grand Naval Mock Battle between opposing. val infers and lets it be inferred that England is in- Cor Squadrons oh Lake Erie, within full view of' Cleveland, 'than thirty thousand people were present in andaround the public square,- and the utmost enthusiasm pre-'.;;,.'cf toe City..Mu«dc bj th« Band.Oration by the Hon. George Bancroft., ' {-•momentary dlc-t among ourteive its cords indiapeople.So, trienrr^iiUnion will gu> l more protect oni for mankind, t• and power; it unripeUefB fr m ernments befow law; and itc mivJ*s -£ 