,clined Provibiobs firmLeft schr. M. 8. Seott ".dook,t.i.«j Hodgdoo,Tu-rfks—MiMMXOmckiiti, fnm FkHsma,SSJS.SSRlf'**obtainedPhotograph*Son k Co.; Couti^TSi'they ___WE- Btere igrMd t» «ct.charged with having embesaledThe fluctua-Copiesopen from 8 A. M. till 9««*TMoltod toia incellars,while still otherpropertypartsof similar of theBrlgslbnilelo. (Dntdi^ Shroeder, cSJiJS?*^ -ThU Special iJ""*"* »«* %) meet oriTately last evening atU6 bow In thethem very interesting, espc- house, where the claimants have anKev-Orleana;Barrlngton, D. B. De WoUT; Hiadora, Ouayra.AtmoiT Sargsat, L^31>«9^^*«?ln«•"» b« mnnMBiccd or anrived at before tliis after-&r<*. banks «dhewastakanretallygame,SloopB W. E. Bowen.BntbeitoBiBrlsioI.master :Bat 4« (ke momeDtous decision pnsent,of the money in-qiiiH|r»nHboth committed to theKeep Waem and DryJ. W. McZseyon 'ftat^ectian 1 of chapter 3W,weU-played-for score, were two S-shots.The follow-I, i FaUee Keparta.Cnlon.The Toimg Man's Republican Union held theirand laid before the meeting the following letter frommdse. to Dnnham k Dimon.Bark Fergus, (Br., of Hall,) Woolf, Hull Ucoal to order.Brig Henry C. Brooks, Sherrlll, Ponce, P.legular meetingholders an advance on Spring askingvia Salt T. I., with saH to Miller kR., nl^tIX 231'Wales to the Senate Chamber. His innocent inquiry about the seat of Mr. Suknsrpuerperal 4,scarlet 17, do.7,2000Tistt of the Princefting the;9,000 bush. Oate.Tnsion ticket—in the alliance of the Messrs. Brooksauthorized that by any person,andthen It devolved up-* centQuackenbush onNew-York1 premium. withcotton,kc,tomaster.—defeat. The audience broke up with three cheers forby detectives Keefe and Poole, to answer a charge of Oswioo, Monday, Oct 30—6 P. M. Schr. Gem, (Br., of Ouemaey.) Moore, Patraa_at No. 533;consumptionISorlthold'WktTias, It appears that one of the electors on theto the owner of the horse. Police Cohmissionees.—At thea one Pastor Riihub, a passengerr^nlar ticket, byreason of holding an office is, the byof theDeputy Clerks at Head-quarters, who has occupiedthe position almost from the time of the organizationclock, and desires to convey it to his shop for that pur- pose. Mrs.McGuinness,ofNo.91WestEighteenth-favor of- thebuyer.^OTJstonoftheConstitution,disqualifiedfromholdingmeetingSchr.Mostenma.Schr. W. H. Sargent, Sargent Sediwick 4 ds., stone. Schr. Rongb and^Ready, Bobbins, Rowland 3 as.,llme.Schr. Jalla, Noyes, .lonesboro' 13 ds., ' spars.^at position,tenez County, in the stead of DAniL S. Aisiasoa, as iuch elector.Boston Weekly Bank Statement. Boston, Tuesday, Oct 30.,8Machias ds., with lumber.The following is the straight Dodslas ticket forMeCarter, Theodore Runyon. Which we earnestly raeoipmend to the support of the people of New-^effley rJacob Tannatta, James M. Scovil, G, B. Adrain, Wm. M. Babbitt, R. D. HcClelland, E. S. Carpenter, Idward C. Moore, D. 8. Anderson, George B. Halsted, D. C. XcGninn, N. Balrimple, J. Riegs,butMew Jerseyof the present Department, tendered his resignation,which was accepted. A general order was issued tills City, to the effect that RiBiins had absconded«.] l>«fmenc< J«TMCm. night.aad was coutlaoed till arafeirSg,Ina, Lakcy, Anz Owas, Crane,St.Plene.MetealfkDoaham;sen.Jaemti. B.Aek. _ _ ^_ "".^sa-decide Messrs.inevery <t^ CASnrtlMmnM;J. k N. Smltk k Co?; ITare,firm of Qinci * L'HomawW, HotaMn Foorth-«TO«ue, bht as Col. Baij>- street. Hcsbt stated to tbAtmadegenanlly supposed to be in favor of Mr. Whits, asMr. Ltbch was evidently laboring under some indis- lod^' ftMlkm. But to the astonishment of every one, theClt7,::='Station- to cnUdren were Tomin, pending fortber devel-thebrot^htto- be reotf-tthesemenfirom otherof B.>.a.,iBinnoiorwausuosnn,^tSehooaers La&ra flertrade, Oampbtil, CkarleatM ttottmaStogofTscaBOiesIn-yourrespectlTeoffices,as afterthelapseoftwodaysormorethattheprisoners we'datikeappotntaeBtthereof;andthatunlesssuch werebroughtbeforethemagistrate.EventhentheTBOCBLEBZTWKKIIJKWELKSS—ACHABQK0»EM- Latk*VvrtLTUsmHusks'Hats—Something 0.BrtSta."*"'"•*'*"*"BXZZLUdNT.'Wmeberg, of No. 58 East Broad- ly when Ltbob counted 100 towards his large run, way, recently appeared before Justice Stubs, at the5-SSSt^r Is mied:30, 23, 18, 45, 25, 18, 40, 43, 31.l)y .orresldlncdence against them, not even the Implements with which they pursue their avocation. Yesterday, when all the parties were in Court, the counsel lior QoioaMr. Lazarusselling tr Tbohas R>Tiiou>9,net appear la ibe Directory, and cannot, therefore, Court of Spe<^al Seseioas on the IStn of November. easily be lb and. Up to last "Winter the law was that The aUeged gamblers were also held in $MM eachTr»*'''g'8teamCT|l&k Diamand, Allen, nUaddpUk, withif only on e Canvasserpresentedhimself at the close to answer. It is not probable that the trial will re-sult in the conviction of the accused, as the affidavit of the complainant will be looked upon With suspi- cion, and the officer failed to secure any other evi-,Tei Casi or Km. DnoAit.—CoroHer Scbibmks games,arrangement with the defendant to travel No; 241Broadway, comer of Murray-street-,. oprp«o~site Bteanier Nev-Londea, Smith. Kew-L"o"a-d»a»a. wimt»kthe i«cancies, bat this hasMe P cnon is eliglUe t« the podtion nnless dence to substantiate the charge.agent disposeaporUonprop-City HaU, Hew-York. Blarketa«( tke po *e«»repf jaled.Bdse.toK.H.Boekwdi; »S???5.0^*TlSS1«'?^'~*Mt k f« -MtK—yraid in which the wMeh he is appointed,will the second The winner—who accordingly he was fitted out with a dock, valued at play game.Ship Toulon, Upsker,4*,. witib|]s,te mightiilllB..4heFlocksalkble in small lote only, at (I l!r for Spring; ti 25""*"'takes the pnze—wUl with Mr. Phbuh dn Thurs- tt,000, of and all play consisting watohes, breast-pins,dull and downward. Wheat tendencylalified or not, andan amateur, and beat him by 51 points. I^t nighthe played an even game with TmiAii, and beat mm the Golden State in matters of ornament, Before de-;; or, if a aeeount of^ illness or another to the properState little store at No. 92 Chatham-street, which had been els,sales 18,000 bushels this afternoonpromptlyThe testi- mony showed that Duoak and his wife were bothby 59 points.The Ticket Swindlers aad Jad^e Raasell. MEETING or THE BENETOLBRT BOCHTUS.The Board of Directors of the Knugiant and Be- nevolent Societies met yesterday morning at their of-;; 1,800bush-; Bales 15,500 bush. Canada West at to«e concerned, there wlU sunrise on the day of before the day of the before the Clerk of the on the day of the election, making the appointment. be residents and voters indeceased was foundsittingon the;bound lonth, showing white flac with letter O in tba centre.BarkJteriofin von Brabant (Brem,) Bellng. Bicaea. 3'j?*-'.*}'h,mdse. and 2e* passengers to Racer Brae.Italyand Prussia 1 each, unknown 3..At a meeting held at the Astor House, New- FiKE IN DlYISIOK-STBIET—AbSESTS ON CHABQ-appearsdoes not authorize any sub-agencies whatever, and I beenlin the habit of calling upon merchante andexpressed by the City Judge. I shall, therefore, as ard, engineer, or in some other on board Corn. Canal Exports—1,000 bbls. Flour, 79,000 bush- from Bomba for Uverpool 136 ds. out, short of previslena 'Ketolvtd, That whereas, the State Central Commit- stock was entirely consumed. The loss is estimatedwas anxious to sell cheap for cash. At the same time he would produce samples of a prime brand, a trial of,Bulley.Turk, T. I.,lTth inst, with salt and oWl«in*tif„to.H.^T.TMiivrwl-|i , 'wm, Jiiiii M^w«!P»"^^•^^r^t^mmm^mmmf mmmmtVPniHH r4^dobaKci|jfi8iifcOKlfjBRAi. CITY WK^S. TH« Cam 0» BftttT AMTHX GAlffllHr. CaaiiTCBB. and Wv. w.^SJ, »« oftheehildnnikoald he made. A warrantEh purpose was aecordluly Issoed by the mag- istrate, and yesterday OOeer OoLon went to BraoK- hrnandexaminedtheprendaesinqneetioni laMr. CBAWPcas's hoose a trank was found. B. B., m FBiaas ow walh,annAT BEAUT'S NATIONAL PORTRArP 6AU.BRT,L2S?^^,S^SSSiiS?^the fiwimeaaccordance with a previous arrangement nuned Jamm Sbwa... Cha»« RAneoi.,i»!.«ndFa«»MjTM «TM keeping gambling houses, yesterdayfcre JusUce Kxilt for examinaUon. It willlatehourofthe^feton,"^i.«"£;sSi£'-* Oakd. (Bism..)lected that the complaints againson view at IBABT'I aAUlXT.preferred by Wm. Homt, jr., w* mtlMhuvb of 'this Committee were made, was hi the cu*>dy IdeOlttlTeleund In the dwelling of Hr. Wum,,^toiritm tllo.4Slthe anre- which is beliered to beF. Starni * Onrflee, Daris. rtasklin,B mdu left,note, including eodpany.of the art for sale. Gallery Powers, Jaomd, B. TkaketTportionkept bybefore Justice KiiiT, before 1!Nauntack, Fintarftren, StokCB, New-Haven, master.Wai^the above-namedpanai)i,whom he:•opmentcase,probabte tint theirpa-BtAOTiiAi.,who arechargedvrtttT(sleeves, gaiters, and varionsInspecial visit by the Boyal Party.HcCnad, fiSi^'PrIseeaB Bojal. Reirfeofcl, Bermnda, Smith. iSi-T- tthedied from exhaustion, consequent upon ii^u-yesterday invesd^tedimmediately, and a native of Ireland, SO years of age, whoday, at which time ladles will be admitted. manner of triakets, valuable and otherwise, selectedries inflicted by ber husband, Joes Dcoah.to clear Ship YisttUa, (of Boston,) Bandy, San Franeiaso. JalwDelirium supervened, and she lere they act. FoU Clerks died on Monday noon. Dr. Bootoh made a pott-mor-propertyrecelpto of John M. Smith k Co. Oct. M, in the saw Sulf,ber wasamputated.wliich be had t>e«n intrusted ere hea letter from hisreturn, as Wineberg had failed to keep his bales. Stock at all Southern less than Ust %f-»i~,-»r[ce Commissioners, sworn Iniay reside anywhere, and be%DISTRICTCANVASSER. theinjuryshehadreceived,andaverdictto uponwhich the meeting was calledspouse, urging his immedi- thne last less thanyear. Receipta last year, 67JOOBark Stampede. Lewis, 33 Hslagason s Clapp.coal-scuttle. Hewascommittedtoprison.Flockquietand wheat steady,and saleslast evening at Stuyvesant Institute. Mr. Cbauss S. Rosoxzs Introduced Mr. Tbiodouwho delivered an address, occupying over twokoors and a half, to a large audience. In the course number of deaths to have been 390, viz.: 95 men, 78 wo- relative to the late trial In Court ofk 1860. i—tor for the week ending on Saturday last, shows theOct Key, Uth, Houghton.CittMoetalitt.Niw-Yobi. Octresidence, and placed them for execu- Vanarsdale,;a 109k of it from the floor. tion of the brain 11, convulsions infantile 28, croup 20,in the same act,under thetherein prescribed. the Grand Jury.Ike bystanders picked upSuch brutality was compared to the even infamous attack on Chaum Smmx. In close connection with ftiswasielatedthe incident that occurred during the'Hadeeventhepersoninterrogatedblushforshame. inflammationofbowels9,dobrain9,do.liver2,do. Mi. TniOH depicted the mongrel character of tBe lungs 26, do. throat 2, jaundice 2, marasmus, adult 3,do. infantUe 22, mortification 2, small pox 6, teethingpenaltiessales 82Hc®83Xc.fDrNo.bush. Cora2, palsy 5, burned or scalded 4, casualties 6, delirium aad Archbishop Huohis predicting overwhelming tremens 2, drowned 3, lockjaw 2, old age 5, prema-onan of the or Une person having defrauded Mr. Appieton P. Lessure, a mem- Flocb steady sales small. Wheat Mssed Gibraltar 4tb inst., wlthcnrranta toitsMi. TnaoH.Fnriaa Repvdlated tn New-Jeney>the prosecution to prove that such was notScotland 5, France 3, West Indies 2, Britishjlbint sub-agents as he pleased.In suchnumber,and in such mannerfinner, with moderate demand for homesalesJoel Parkan William Cook, AbrahamW. liadi, Joseph Vliet Hoses Wills, Thomas N. with reference to the approaching election, but its with over (20,000 in Havana bank-bills, belonging to9. 8. Budd,E. B. BUey,Milton Baldwin.Medical aid was summoned, but nothing could bestander's interposition prevented the execution of the Reading Railroad, plK;Morris Canal, 60 ;;LongdrawingSynagogue,ducements were extended.:gress in the First Congressional' District, embracing fte Counties of Queens, Suffolk and Richmond, and the rural townships of Kings, resulted in the with- drawal of ,Mr. JiHiaxes, the BeU-Everett nominee, and of Mr. Gaxditib, one of the Democratic nominees, k> favor of Mr. Eswaks HiaxT Shitb, of Suffolk.accidentally pierhe was at work, and was drowned. The was tne prisoner, and of his apartment, resulted in the re- bodyBaflSlo and Korth ud West Way MallCanadasSM F. M. »2a. S!Stephen Hotobklss, for Havana.By Telegrapk.tte Union opposition to the presentRepublicanwhile in Court on «Ltat gentleman was conversing with thesigned for it shoald be marked, "ererlsnd vH St. Loais."gorda.ker,of and he had fa- importers iron,Mr. Cajdu, is complete.A Card from Mr. B. F. Camp.of ihe fact thatthat occasion5V tlu EiitOT qf tht .Vnt- York TimesIN A Cell.— woman named Ann Spear I LDiED 4CAMPAIGN MEDALs' AND BBEASTPINB.at8A.M. Lettersshoald vU St. Joseph."video Yorkbrig Brothers, Sombrero. J. P. Whitney, Bristol, Eng.where elsekaving recently sold the one 1 did formerly own there tkac I have owned the farm on which I live in Som-every day,property of Mr. dayi, at 11 o'slook P. M. Tslegrams eaa b« sent on from Sackvllle, N. B., via Portland, Me., where aha pat;:'.brigharbor.en for at least eight years past—hours opportunityWells, valued,WedaesdayB aad Satnrdays.MaTeraents of Oeean Bteaineas.that I did not seek fte appointment of Receiver of the Artisans' Bank, kat consented, with much reluctance, to the applica-in the course of a of coupleAndrewHoward,oneofIlls•aa of the parties most deeply interestednet swear that 1 was a resident of this City, as my af-•Wm Liverpool .Hamburg Liverpoolthat I did not seek the nomination was much surprised by finding it conferred on me.I will only say farther, that no RepublicanNew-York. QoslMSNew-York. ..Havre New-Tork.In tke District has intimated to me or |any known friends an; desire that I should withdraw, or that anotherbanquet,subse-On Monday nignt, while the steamer..Liverpoolshould be nominated in my steadsore that my excellent friend, Mr. Hdbbell—vrhosebanquet, and on his right and left, capturing him as soon as he should land in thisBohemian Nov. that Enropacourse as a legislator I have always heartilyat the head of the tables, sat Rev. Mr. LroHs, of the imsuccessful In the attempt, however, as The^were away—would not now the proved acceptthe lud had increased almost to a hurricaneof the duringthe cnrse of the afternoon, and not a vessel could be found to venture to sea, altbough very heavy in-...ap- nomination If I were to oeeline it. But I never had a thought of with- and, so long as the .opposition to me is con-Nineteenth-street Synagogue, Rev. Mr. Wooster-street Synagogue, Rev. Mr. Cbahib, of the Greene-street and other prominent cler-when he wasThe prisoner was taken before Justice Wilsh, and'Atlantic Nov.New-York;seemed to favor him—;tal, presidedat the10 Nov. 14 gentleman's pantaloons, with his walleS H&mmonia Nov. 16Qaebec Boston New-York.LiverpoolLiverpool .Hasiburg .Havre .Galway:THEPTb* Biarked, "OverlandAllow me to say, in reply to your remarks was arrested last fornight beingday,Letters for the CaUfomU Poay Bxpreas wil be re-So mem-afternoon another company of children left the Cityfor homes in the West, under the charge of Mr. E. C.TsAcy,oftheChildren'sAidSociety. Theywereor-BaltimoreBOSTON, Oct. 30.—Arr. steamer Spragne, Philadel-drunk in theupon my nomination in this morning's TiHss, that 1 and locked up in the Twenty-first Ward Station-house, reside in Somers, Westchester County, N. Y., and no- she was found dead in her cell by the doorman, aa ladten years of age, was tiUten tie-that I have no house in Madison-avenue,topress, leaving St. Joseph en Wedaesdayi and Satur- Ano, from Haryev, N. B., shoald;Mavit will showof the Republicans of my District for Assembly, but liberal. Not less than 600 ladies and.;'mitted for trial.A BOBBER ON A STEAMBOAT.Plymouth Rock.was on herGeorge Peckham, and was in the act of carryingand I am quitelivingAn effort was at once made on theMessrs. Cabbajobi, Ybarzabal k Co. to charter asteamer with the idea of overtaking the fugitive and Ferguson, got Into the stateroomYork Neif-York;fined to the Democrats of the District and to a few gymen and laymen of tlie Jewish faith. The "At length, however, the ownerofasmallfismng-smackwastemptedbytheof theLiverpool. ...Now-York "MAGENTA,";The Jews' Hospital in New-Tork.» BANQUET AKD BALL IN ITS AID.theaggregate, at (300. Hepurport was not made public.Fatal Accidbht.—Yesterday afternoon Jakesandinto cust^y. For some cause, however, the matter9,070,700 20,260,000 7,543,000Sloop Transtatlon, Hawkins, Providence 2 ds.""Sixth WwJP. M. min their habits, and often On quarrelled.varietyknicUcnacks, including8iXe>82c. for bush, four-Pacific,days eqnator in the Atlantle ;intemperateThursday morningstairs leading to her room, bleeding from a wound in her foot, which she said had been inflicted by ber hus- band with an axe. She was removed to the Charityin and the mem- Hospital, Thirteenth-street, injured;totheandthat death had resulted from exhaustion, consequentthe main tbgether.made aence with the District-should be influenced by tke rulings of Judge Russxu., berg for the ptnpose of having an or l«79(d., ^d with Bills of Lading, lOOcaiOOkd. Sightandds., with fruit to Grand k Weeterrelt—ressel to Sitap.Urn examinationof thebody,gaveas hisopinionsubject uponate promiseds.,eibialtarlatQ. that effect was rendered. Dugah was then examined by the Coroner in the prescriljed way. He stated that •r fke TsoBg Men's Repabllean he was 52 years of age, a native of Ireland, by occu- pation a tailor, and that he did not strike his wife with an axe, but that she injured herself by falling over alaw,complyingwith PorknondnalatBarkWreressselCCaastle.(_B.r..,ofOoole.)" af6oole".)PottaMgce,,{St Har^;circtimstancesat-foryou,inyour tending the death of Mrs. Bamsir Dcoaic, ' OnMondayM.Bixaxaplayedadiscountgamewith withThe report of the City Inspec-and Clubof the Third 6,000 at $127. Coaa quiet; Bad atrong«. E. winds to lat. 3*. On theconsumption 60, diarrhoea 6, diptherite 6, dysentery 5, debility 3, do. infantile S, dropsy 5, do. in the head 14,do.theprosecution proved theI1»GENI0VB DIVICES OFWithin a few weeks several ingenious plans havefever, nervous 2,beenwss lumber and shingle loaded, with masto not ascertain her name.gonedo.typhoid 9. typhus 7, hooping cough 5, heart disease 3,Uni- ted States 253, Ireland 76, Germany 33, England 12,;agentdulyappointed,mightap-; sales, 5,500 bushels No. 2 Chicago Spring, at $1 06 afloat Coxature birth 5, suffocation, accidental 2.:and further, that anhWyman Co.,taUors,the ofboata checks scarcitycoBtrary to repeated pledges ignoring such power, circumstances transpired of so suspicious a character to shipowners on the subject of appointing suitable aad to the wishes and expectations of the true friends that Sbion Kate, husband of the owner of theOct 30. 13 ds., with salfto Brett Soni Co.•f BripNativityber of the firm ofBroadway, of a check for $90 on the Bank of the Commonwealth. It that the accused hasoperationsto defeat the place, persons as agents for the sale of tickets. The report regu- LociB Katz, bis brother, and Jacob Davids, were ar-of tobacco had beenwith lambertoAmerica,;SnvABT, resident at No. 417 Seventh-avenue, was al-most instantly killed at the factory of G. R. Stewaet,in Thirtyslxth-street. He was riding upon a truck Second was asked to lookdone. Stiwabt died in five minutes after being in- not long in obtaining a clue to the object 'and Rothschild was under Island Railroad, 12J4 ; Pennsylvania Railroad, 38Ji.BaBed.Steamships Empire City, for Havana andNew.Or'phans, and were mostly boys. They were nicely dressed, and seemed all as one family.Tbs Overlaad Kail from It Joseph (Mo.) to Plaoer- Tille, vii Salt Lake City, lesvas St. Jaseph svsry Tues-;short time thereafter.—Havana atrout $21^000 in Spanish doubloonsFnltoB-street, to i o'clock upgo by Bx-nUacellaneoaa.reported in the morning's edition as the-"The biennialknown charitable Institution tookhad passed into his hands from the cred-itors of the firm. He was seized with a campaignmedals andhave readIbir Ann,banquetthat I did Assembly Rooms last evening. As on former occa-so hurriedly going home, hewearing apparel, and first, for place they succeeded in selling the prqperty. Havinggracepersons liberal widch was offered to risk his life and: Fulton OctIT Southam'n..New-York BCasoPLnamely^and ball in aid of thiswell-ForeignForts.At Havre. Oct. II, ships Elisabeth Hamilton. Harding^sions of the same kind, the attendance was large, and the contributions in aid of the Institution were mostLemuelAt Rio Janesro, Sept. 31. ship Juvento, Young, trom-Livarpool. for Chlchas, dlschg.At Salt Cay, T. L, Oct 13. scbrs. John, for Pkiladd-the Jewish faith sat down to ti»e quently joined in the dance.connected with Ms were di- flightTempfetop, for;New-York in 3 ds.andMr. Bbnjamik Nathan, the President of the Hospi-the|cfrcumstancesphlain the City of New-York, I see no reason for "any other action on my part than a hearty support of before meat "was said in Hebrew by Rev. Mr. subsidy was hisVigo Oct 17.the Republican cause and all its candidates.Thence Information of the robbery delegates to the First Assembly District Democratic-BostonatI am KlUng exactlyhalf the first cost.Yours, Niw-Yout, Tuesday,language by Rev. Mr. Csakzb. the Following latter,the President of the Institution addressed the audi-accomplished.BENJ. F. CAMP. Oct. 30, 1860.Europawas telegraphed to this City. Subsequently the firm Convention, comprising Hoboken and the Fourth Prince Albert„„ln<rBonnet Ribbon, cort 30c., seUing forout my entire stockof fancy Dreaa D„.lOur statement that Mr. Cahb had a house in Madi-ence, giving a brief sketch of the " Jews' New-York," and welcoming his hearers to the enter-ton, and he came thence by railroad, reaching here Jersey City, met, Monday evening, at thei Anglo-Saxon on Saturday last. This who is well ac- City Hotel, In Hoboken. Mr. Geobgz S. Avirt was PersiaOOOyards fancy "f'am also cleaningson-avenue was based on reference to thatconuBonly regarded as reliable—Trow's New-York tainments of theHospital inLiverpool ...New-York Southam'n. New-YorkDirectory for the present year. In this book Mr.Canr figures as carrying on the business of a builder'further favors us with the gratuitous assurance Rev. Dr. Isaacs.fully HBBVocs BXBiuTT. and certain other diseases Mr Braidly and lady.Mrs-that he neversurprised that such an honor shouldyears, were apprehended at Mrs. KoppzmBBO'B fancy store, No. 54 Bowery, by Ofllcer Cabb, of the SixthC. Fi.her. Miss c. J. Sewsll, H. F. Sewall Carrie Fi.h.rW.n. »w^; p Lefcyre and lady. Mrs. V. Defoly, Mr. Schlund wife angihe ThirdWhole to be rather.nomhiaUon the M «f his letter'to secure thehumorous and characteristic vein, which kept his au- thedigestionofthecuUnary ofthebanquet. and inwhichmore obscuretureJUEmo-rrhoids,fis-tulaandconcealedabscess IransandHavnna—Hn.De«>ields,PeterHarpsMrs. Ferfreightandsought the nombiatlon for Assembly hi District of Westchester, seeming on theof Importance to the sexes. No. 658 comer Broadway,Bond-street, New-York. From 9 to 3, and 6 to 9 even- mg. Coimtffation en Franfais.A. Amoret.F. E. G'"'^;;,',-"iered. As to thegrounds of surprise,Theywereconducted to the Station-C. D.Hahhond,M. D.tiios\ »?." ';Mr Cam."eJu^ged him «?,?"'*'""''='>"« things properly pertinent to onlyhouse, and in the course of a interview with longKlein, Casiroer Gerard, Mrs. 8.Mr W«l'rUDg, Mr. tadelford Mrs. Beaumont Rev. J.%*Ss;^rfl:sr^jTmCr^ylr,--^- Monday evening..t on WEDNESDAY714"^.*at thaFree<*'5P*"?J""****'**' square mUes of l^ij m r""were found a box ofkid gloves, a silver mug andThe lishedcurative properties of this beyond quertton. CaU and-only 454,0<»«iuare miles."The wo^nf,T''say, as HobackGbbkletBandy Hook. 8 13 BIAKINEArbot Spsbcs, JOBN Geimis,j gecrewrles. 1**yj" .^'if?*iaCoEHiii'B SAMtELStatos;-ofther.lVMou'tT^;:',been stolen, andA tnait to the Medical Staff of the Hospital, was posed of tfie property they pilfered ata «"i;AMiTBl8grdfce.-WAtrraD.eastthat ' There was some tremendous fraud in beat, "'articles,OTAfiNr._Bon. A. G. Curtin, Govemor elect of Tania,i»latWsCity,atUitJletrcpolHaBHo«el.toasts,the Secretarydence against- them might be left.that the children had been working under the direc- tion of older heads, and Justice Welsh having beenrAd«rtt«e»«Dt-7Ubi Holloway's Cilibbated Pills.—Theywill cure all diseases of positively and peraianentlyTUESDAY,'^"'' »' "11^6 "h-a»- Ten. cril at Jbetween Utta sts. Uthandinasmuch as we neverCapt. Dowiiso, they c»nfessed that fortwoloWABD H.>«^w.»^p.geoglJaph^yft^ihor-llIt was surmisedauthoritygentleman,quainted with the prisoner, accompanied the officerwhen the arrest was made. The recovered in moneyaddition to $644 in gold coin, is comprised Inthirty-five bank notes. were found These billschosenChairman,andPxtirP.Post,Secretary. OnBremenNorth American CanadaOct. 31Nov. 1Nov. 3Nov. 3 Glasgow... New-York 2,000 yards fancyat No. 12 Chambers-street, and having his residence treated gratuitously. The benefits of the Institu-at No. 116 Madison-avenue. As for his statement tion were not confined to any creed or sect, butconcealed on the top of a clothes-press in H. R. H. THE PRINCE OF WALES ANDtkat he did not seek to be appointed Receiver of thejbtifaas' Bank, only consenting "with great reluc-all creeds and nations had neither asked nor received any aid from the State orThe last Photograph taken in America of the leaves Boston today for Europe. Information bas Prince by royal desire, now on exhibition."to become a candidate for that post at the so-also been obtainedby Detective Nivis, by which-heThe public are invited to examine this picture, pro-BCBBCBIPtlOHBOOXNSWOPIH. OALURT erin rROH 8 a. a. till 9 p. h.R. H.MACT, No*.aotand2066th-aT.,taneeUeitationofthe partiesleave this point to the judgment of all who read the proceedings which transpired hi the Supreme Court before Judge LMoatMB. If Mr. Camp was not a candi- date, and a very eager candidate, for the Receiver- ship, his course was certainly of a kind not toArrived."is of sanguinenounced H. R. H. to be byFaaaenceraSiPT. 30-/B Steamship lUituiuJ^om Southamptonmostintetested," wemustMunicipal Governments, buthaddepended en-recoveringbalance of the money.(Two door* below 14th-st)SPBCLAI.ORDER.AaaoRT Co. D. TwiLra Raeiaaar N. Y. S. M.^6 47 Ger. Island. 9 031 Hell Sate.. .10 3<SeltesretiuTls.'MC*ig this typographical error yo« 4 Kli^*" "^- responded to by Dr. McRiadi.theyand inwriably destroyed the tickets, so that no evi-HiramW.Sole Agent"m'fELLIGENCE. S ,:frrT«DectablePennsviAmong the latter wasaletter from Gov. Mobsan,the throat chest and lungs—such as Bronchltts, Asth-.. understands _6ik whooooktogtborougfaly, and wil*since its modated 1,225 Inmates,in of whomHospital,John"The fourth toast was the following quotation from Cahpbill, and was rqgponded to by the popular lee turer, Mr. Di Cobsota:"As she woold love to hear.''Mr. Cordova treated the above toast in his usualundersigned,and Ribzcca Walxzb, aged respectively 12 and 11 CiRBoCBAK and V. Mow, of this City, treats success-£"r""sf|3xWpH-"• <*"'-»• T. W. Mo„AT.O«i&TM <^TM^^^,ALABAMA. Capt Gio. B.afcmoxjrm leave .nSAT-Yet, far. far hence, be jest or boast,From hallowed so dear. thoughtsBut drink to her that each loves best.Prechict,attempting to steal a child's beaver hat,r°l B^Stooe Mr«UBDAT,sTatM.,can be baa Ki^«r^"^ ""'''»« exertions"^° "''^ •"^°" dience in a roar of laughter, and materially aided inyears past they had been in the successfully engagedattends to and the exclusively operative surgery,Mrak RevT A.Ralgefamily, Mr..ust'Sr^„M;r„'»fportionHe paid a glowing tribute to women in general, butclaimed that Jewish women bore off the palm, asmothers, wives and daughters.angels atMjve are tn the habit of choosing a queen to preside over them, and do not elect at least three out of five from among the Jewish persuasion, I wouldBrooklyn,The the rtr"-l»<-»ifen'k'^L"of Coming, Metropolitan Hotel Buildingyoung girl aboat 17 years of 'In the intervals between theread off a list of the donations received from those present, as well as by letter from absent donors.NEW-TORK....Oct 30.;'*', fJi^h climberwork the best of City leiterenoaHe saidthe tliird ballot Mr. Frxdkrick B. Oodxh, of received the nomination for Assembly.Quebec Liverpool. ..BostonabojU^Kress Trimmings, cost 36o., BelUa^placeCitypackedsoon on ids way hither. His absence was not long unnoticed, and the very evening of his departure aSleWamns.,that the Jews' foundation, lt55, had accom-Liverpoolevening.lioboken,...Trimmin^^nd '°6,00o'yard3 fancyf>J.^e.atofof its blessings. At the same time it hadthe sick and unfortunate partakensalefor tec days. All not wld at the expiration of tkat timethe contributions of its friends voluntaryHe concluded by reading the first regu-:"'Tlie Jews' Hospital in New-York—the home of the aSllcted, the refuge of the distressed, the asylum justify of the faithful." Responded to by Dr. Aoub, ofa decision of theto oe pursued in the case.lady, Pfeiffer,JamesBneacb.A.Quick,P. 'fiseman.the belief that he would only accept such a Emanuel in Twelfth-street. CongregationtirelyuponingauthoritiesastothepropercourseCharles Kusyn. Louis Gross. Mrs. A. Thayer, Adolph, -^'gmpel.for support.lar toast as followsJ. eoRinT ItraoTOSRPHic ARnsTs,'no. 707 iroaswat.[AdTcrttKBanL]BevfMr. Besaoist, Mrs. Smolinsky, A. Mary.JO.Ml.. E. Westcombe,. A, Ko«core, 6;..I-^,„S"5S*J.°«f.„?TM:•Bobtwic,(late)s, No. »74 Broadway.at thea valise withconvenience in transportation, having had the gold returned to this City on Saturday, another lad S^ exchanged for its equivalent In paper money, he went formed Officer Perkuis, of the Second Precinct, of the on board the vessel as she lay off the Moro, and was matter, and they were arrested. Both were com-gentlemen ofCanadianBllnolB Nov. (Jity of Waahtagton.Nov. Aita Nov.Isaacs,containing $48, held to answer.Neir-Jeraey. Democratic Assembly Nomination. —17 Prince Albert Nov. 20street,;Ltobb, and the grace after " was sung in the same craft in a trip to Key West, and the voyage safelyBohemianLiveroool... Quebec••SOLFEBINO,"&c..1,127 jiad beenBell VaoderblltNov. 7 Soatham'n rOB TBI WXST IITDIRB...New-YorkDreffi Trimmings,cost costSOc, selling Uc, sellingof more Medical.—Theposition with "great reluctance." Mr. Camp The third toast to Charity," was responded toby than ordinary intelligence, named Aosis Crawpord the celebrated Sexual Surgeon of Paris, and of Profs.i£,S^;said he, "theSmytbe, and others in the steerage.PIFTHWARD"MOajATja"If,"says, whenever his party, MUCUTDll AUmiO |1g BAT,gun rises.... 6 28| gnnseta.... 4 6*above Club are lue'J^JfSrS??' £, reaue.i^'-j-^-g-speaking in the highest terms of the Jews' Hospital, applied to It was determined that a search of theat JJOtJoety * Son CrvOtrvaACo.i5Stow»-.»mhiilbni!g»BdironingrW««.»8or»».At NoMr. Waiebbcet:ds., witli.TniOR,•f kls spe^h, h« alluded to the brutal assault of Har- men, 1 12 boys, and 105 girls being increase the fore the City Judge, under tnte act pa«ed at the last been embezzled, but having arrested the accused he Lakebad—^shehadthatdaybeeninformed)awitnesswas 1859,of18. Ofthenumber197wereunderfiveyearswas taken before the magistrate, to whom he saidperson any passenger for, or upon surety $5,000any vessel whatever, unless duly appointed in vvriong required of him, and this having been furnished heby the proper company or llne,in the manner provided was discharged from custody. 'The case was sent toloB. 74 90, passed brig Emma ofAai RTSBias on Mr. Tafpait and his relativesession of the to Legislature,frauds165,000 bushelsbushelsOats. Oct13,witbBsattoR.P.BockkO). OetU,&ll>3£stating pastprevent;of«Bt of the head of Mr. V/u. Baxsit, and that one of asthma 4, bronchitis 3, cholera infantum 10, conges-seedy to testify that Rtkdiss actually tore the hairage.11,000Ion. 72, experienced a heavy norther Cbioaoo, Tuesday, Oct 30—6 P. M. sail and topsail- nrd.week of 24, and the corresponding week of uponEger, Charlsstoo, stra* nsaoleofpassheanlglesreltlickets. Itisenacttieckde,tinbrtef,that athgatinhsetwhoiumladnd-fwuarinvieshabnalle.xamAinationoifnthechawragse WFlhoeuar,t1;131,00,000bbuusshheellssOWahtes.at,Ca3n4a,l00E0xbpuosrhtesl—s90Cbobmls,. B—r(iRgepB.orOt.edI^er,(poiflBoetlfast)boTaatmNertt,leB.a)itCay,T.I_The diseases were: Apoplexy 8, principalIn the case inR0GCE8—A YANKEE TBICK. adopted by swindlers, with a view of defraud-65,000 bush, at 86c.«89c. for North Western Club;,5koBnran rWlib\MHBBlicfa£filled with lace other aitieles, description was premises, where it kKlevidentlybeenconcealed. Numerousvlcterlnes. nilk, siU dresses, bonnets, lice shawls, etc, wereTentk-street,TheonlyGallery tkeUnitedStateshonwedwitha WareOrest,Barman,Odrestan.s and amateurs of well as a miscellaneousHr. Biuis, gatevalue ofCo.; BiS^^ M. D., I^ae, GaHtaer!:_ tlgailiofthegamesihein the early part of the first which was see and identlAr them Ifpossikle. Tlie opportunityand ^OunmmvTm rf New.Y.i*. Irate was not aware of tke fucA that Hoa- woa the game by addlnjg 93 more—making a total of six persons, keephog stores hi this Clty.imd Brooklyn, fH Ladles, Gents., Boy* and ChildrenArrlwed* saSmteanmisghti,pwnithhiomlds,seT.eraryn,d HaTie, too.*•*•M^eeMT*uTBleettM««*IMstrict the complaints, but at *atttme tka aapi- lattermadebysteadyplaythelargerunof162,and thelittlegirlshavebeenfollowingsolong. Already ^FTmilUllil Itnuiyw*begenerallyknownto »T was a prisoner OB Kertalnal charge. 161^whileMr.Whiiionlymade12. InMr.Wmrs's haveappearedascomplainantsagainstthey'oa^n^gp'ri-aUo, every- Bioon', No. B79 Broadway, and ISO Fulton-stOetlLai passengemLaws of 1860, re- veals ao^aeli of duptor 294, 1*W8 of 1»7, as relatessoners.radaya experienced a successlaa of 8. W. galSet*e.amship Star of tbe'W«st,GrUBn,Neit4)rlMBsOet!Warrants for the arrest of tta jB6g»n partwi wwe accordingly issued and gtvenMtl>elecUra HweaosAHn,otwtbilal took his own time to aarva'then, and it; thingdcstnblefsrTallandWhiterwear,at_.. viaHalifax27th,wheresheputinforooal. rorltte Board of Supervisors, or be officer had taken no pains to secure additional evi-L MltchlU k BoTMNo. M3 Canal-street, third door west of Broadway. with milt, sod paasengera to Lndlam k ±ei^Snearest to the Election Slstrlet t fce vacs acy eifsts, <m or before the day of theand at the close of It a perfect farmt enjiued for some EsMx Market Police andSteamship Columbia, ^rty, CharlestouTirttk and passengers to Spofford, Tiieston k Co.— md*~e.elcdioD, the Tiiudlty of the election In such District, fc L'HoHaiDno begged to withdraw the complaint «r of the ca «v«ssing of the votes tberein, may be against Htrxn, alleging that as It failed to charge anycdled in qne^ Itlan.Tbe namf m «f many who tune been appoisted dominutes. It was said that it was the largest run, with Court, lodged a complaintwa^ incomplete. Huaxr wasthe exception of one or two, which had ever been against Louis Pracer, a German, about tS years of Gab, Gab—Gas FiZTi7BB8.--^iut oat of out SteMigr petrtl, Tonng, Prorideace, with ab*. <emade in this City. The second between Messrs. age, whom be charges with havhig embenled fipaa fWtory, an immense stock of new patterns. Call at game,intent to defraud Ittherelbre discharged, but he was directed to find bail in the sum of $M0 to appear, and prosecute at theShaw, iritkTixaAa and Gxabt, was very singular. Both players him «2,000 In cash and $7,000 worth of jewelry. The our, manufacturing dtpAt, No. t7t Broadway, opposite S^un»NO»elty, Phlladdphia, mdse. teing were Lxhcb'b greatest runs:"^ a^ steamshipAlabamaSchenck.Sarannak.wiad^s^eLLt>ch,45,29,18,42,162,48,29. Wbiti'btotalwas351,inwhichhemadethefol-entiialynew,justimportedfromEurope, The Abd-el-Kader Hat,lowing rtinsBoth players were warmly applauded! and especial-and passengers to 8.Steainshlp Roanoke, Couch. Richmond, NorlMk. ke..werefrequentlyapplauded, TucaAnNiblCs.Wa»»i»,Pioi4Cothe as- tonishing run of 127. The next was 185, followed by a 70, and after several misses and small runs, and an 11, 38, 17 and 13, he won the gasie. In his play be madecomplainant, Wtnebeig, Is a and dealer In speculatorjewelry, and it is said that a few months since he en-^^ "*six 5s and two misses. Gxabt's total was 2n, in whick for him as an to ofwererunsof30,65,30,22,3taad16.To-day Ltxcb and Gzabt the first game and play \Thkah and Kavabasb, who have each won threeoperate,by Telecrapk.AuAirt, Tuesday, Oct. SO—6 P. M.Mew-Orleans 18 cotton.ke., toJ.kN. amlth&Co. 37tb instn <dt Batte*ras. saw ship Barreda Bros., steering N.ShipCoBiicr, Olmstead, Rio Janeiro, Sept. Sl.wltltNo. 86President, in the Chair.;Oct 30.fice.Greenwich-street,Mr. JxLUNOBADS.theThe late decisions of Judge Rdsscll, in the trial of ment towards disposing of thethe alleged ticket-swindlers, Wabd and Gilbxbt, was;Mr. report,referringthe Counsel of theJohitboh,Board, aad to his confer-of her the which had been porta,DiBisiCT Attoexit's Opnci,firmer,Wa. Dear Sir: I JztUNOHluB, Eb<».—8, cheerfullybushels Wbite Canadaofcomply with your request that I should state my viewsDistrictslightly;4,000 bushels, inst,so.10,asevere hurricane8.S.— an on theSessions, be-jewelryalleged firmerIt seems clear to me that the act of theTork,ontheNthOctol>er,calledbyJacobVakAatta, xsOPAkson.—OnMondaynight,ataboutWHo'clock, must,therefore,respectfiillydissentfromtheopinion others,representingthathewasemployedasastew- SaiknesImports—il,000bushelsWheat4,000bushels 12,lat.3368.Ion.36,spokeBr.barkSterlingshira,King,Sbq., member of the Democratic Executive Commlt- leeoffhe United States, for New-Jersey, is was tm- Biraooslya fire broke out In the grocery store, No. 238 Division- street, occupied by Thxbbsa Katz, and before it could be extinguished the building ivas destroyed, and thethe point is an Important one, take as early an oppor-capacity, steamships, and that be hadelsWheat 6,600bushels bushels Com, 12,900—supplied her.Schr. Island Queen, (Br., of Salcomb,) Luekkaw, F^tras so ds., and 36 ds. from Gibraltar, with eananto to-'bridge'sforSchr. Templeton, (of Calais.)as have itpossible to passed upon in the Courtone of the SouthernBarley. BAunaoax, Tuesday, Oct 30.tunityof Oyer and Terminer. Yours respectfully.brought from Havana a of which he quantity cigars,PLOCRduU Ohio ;NELSON T. WATERBURYThe eonununication, with the report of Mr. Jouxboh,was ordered on file.Wbiat at (1 heavy" —Sons of New-Haven.tee have recently, in violation of the express instruc-tioBa gtven them by the State Convention of New-Jersey, held on theUth day of July last, at whichSleetorsoftheregularDemocracywerenominated, wasyesterdayprosecutedbyFireMarshalBaxix,and Mr.WiiLTWallacereportedtheformofacircular sandortwo. The loveroftheweed Invariably at14Hc.ei53ic. Whibktdullat21c.which is an insurance in the Pacific Company. An investigation of the cause of the firewhich satisfied the generallyat $1,0€0,uponmost fastidious connois- seur of the article, and resulted In an order for a thou-Ic; Yellow at 64c.<a6ec., White at 70cia72c.iimii A.lar orgmization thereof, by forming an Electoral tick- rested on the charge of having set the pkue on fire. was accepted, and ordered to be printed with the law him. Such was the manner in which Mr. Les- White $1 43. Cork dull sales bushelsDonsLAB, utemptedqualitypalmed uponWhxat salCB«t on which are embraced elements antagonistic to Justice Stsbbs conunitted the the principles of "non-intervention.'' Now, there- ther examination of the case. iore,a fur-;CVn os.,to theeiated in past Conventions of the Democratic Party,CiBonncAn, Tuesday, Oct 30.« ds.i Gertrade, Reeves, New-Haven, for Biiabeth-enun-we reestwlish and confirm the electoral ticket formed by Mrs. Euza A. Fakb, of No. 170 Westw^ —Flocb Market unsettleditn»lv4d, That, adheringprinciplesnext annual meeting, to be held at the Office of the" guU^ nothingsharp business transaction," ancl that he had over-Thirty-Jourth- street, from a runaway horse, it wUl be gratifying to her numerous friends and those of the Ladies' Union Aid Society of the M. E. Church, of wliich she was projector and founder, to learn that she was enabled to MHB. T. J<{mBan ; and call upon the honest voters of be removed to her own home the day after the accident;German Savings Bank, Cooper Institute, on the sec- reached a great many others in a similar way. ance ; Superfine offered at $4 SO® $4 90, with no buy- betbport%r1he State Convention aforesaiding and repudiating affiliation with the spurious off-Among his victims he mentioned J. Boorman Johns- ers. Whisky, advanced Jjic, at 165ic. PaoviBio»s ton, Esq., No. 8 Fitth-avenue, and Dr. Pyne, of Vir- unchanged, and nothing done. Money market and ginia, at present a guest at the Brevoort House. He Sight Exchange on New-York unchanged.was required to fumisn a surety in $500 to appear for Toeoitto, Tuesday, Oct 30-6 P. M.Schr.shoot of Democracy known as the Seceders, •urselves to support none other than electors fevora- kle to the election of Stiphin A. Docolas and Hia-:and, utterly ignor-ond TuesdayinNovember.Fa(itiTe from Havana.pledgeArrest af aA MERCANTILE TIBM BOBBED $20,000of 1860, for distribution. sure had been victimized, and he consequently Invitations are to be issued to the various Benevo- preferred a charge of false pretences" against Mr. Recotkrt or Mrs. Fask. As netiee has been lent and Emigrant Societies to send delegates to the the officer that he had been of but a.given in several papers of the severe injuries receivedno sales of import-Schr. Fannie Hasard, Fibberta.Drlsoners,pendkig —Schr. Qnickstep. (Br.,) Dorman, Windus^or^,. K».with to D. R. De Wolfrr^ plasterSchr. port.sOF A POBTION or TBE MONET.police Forrest, Emery. Rockland 48 hoars, withliiner Informed of another style of confidence operation, Wheat at $1 10«$1 12; SprliR at $l'a$l 05. Barlzt Schr. Bay State. Spear. Rockland 48 boon, limeTmiddle-aged Span- lard, who had filled tite position of confidential clerkfamilywe nominate Thohas N. McCastsb, of Board yesterday, Mr. A. H, STonriirBCBa, one of the and collector to the firm of Cabbajobi, Ybaxzabal a street, acknowledges to have lost a valuu)le time-Schr. Sea Bird, Chase, Fall River 2ds.Schr. Presto. Larrabse, Kachlaa 7ds., with Inab^.Co., extensive merchants at the place in question.or twa of the vessel's arrival, a tele-piece by crediting his story, and letters have been re- ceived from other parties who have been swindled,^^^Within agraphic dispatch was forwarded to a Spanish house inSchr. Mary Wise. Brewster. Rostand. 6 ds., llmel^^Schr. Texas, HaU, Calais 7 ds, laths.hisemployers,requestingthat hemightbe takenwasof the Bowery Theatre, when a man named Charles Rothsdilld approached him, with an open knife In his hand, and said that he would take his life, at the sameWmi)—Sunset south andvulged.part ofHew- New-York...Havredaywho licity.prefer to pocket the loss, and so avoid pub-CapitalLoans and DiscountsSpecieDue from other Banks Due to other Banks DepositeCirculation$37,731,700 63,822,000 5,089,500was not made known to the Police until Monday morning, at which time Officer Gbobqi Nivkn, of thePhlladelpUa Stoek Board. Philasilpbia, Tuesday, Oct 30.Belaw.Ship Union, from Shanghae IGO days.immediately placed arrest. Yesterday he was taken before Justice Bbxh- conference yesterday between the friends of A Padpeb Deowned.—a few days since, Law- about 9 o'clock on the same evening, at a respectable KAtc and committed for trial on a of feloniousthreat,well's Island, fell from a at which board under the name of Pastob only. A search of assault The prisoner Is a notorious shoplifter, and Vartk—jured. of his search, whom he finally securedirazious aspirants for the Union nomination for Con- BBKci Wabs, an inmate of the Almshouse, Black- establishment In Second-avenue, where he had taken chargeSight Exchange on New-Yurk at par. CITT F08T.0FFICB.Cangreee—Ijon(and Staten Islands.not recovered until yesterday, and an inquest was covery of over $10,000, all of which sum, excepting aof from a down-town store. The tity goodsOct 30.—Arr. Edward Wyman, LondonLiver- 'Persia. MerrimaCr-native of Ireland, aged 40 years.Hoee Cbildben fob the West.—tical bills which were brought from Havana by thefact that In the interval between the commission of the theft and his arrest, he had been shorn of his bafrEast for Boston, by Stsamboat 4 P. K.Henrietta, ArdrossanHi ;Yesterdayaccused.to be as follows: The and whiskers and otherwise disguised, consequently every Moaday and Thursday, at a A. H. Letters de- York J. M.;R. A. Allen andSatellite^ New-The circumstances of the robbery, and thefor OaUfomia leaves St Louis:of theparticulars case, (appearfirm in whose Ribhcs had are employment been,he was dischargeB. His enmity to Mr. Spicer grewhis former misdeeds.Shadbourae,Mustang,Mata-any supervision whatever. Onthe 17thfore Justice WxLSH, yesterday, on aofdesire to possess it—the steamer was to leavebreastpins, in theLegislatureSchr. EUiabeth C.qul^ Cabal FRxiaBTS nominally the same. tar 26 ds., witb fmitkc. to Gomel. WaUis kCo. Oct,Di6t!.,Att'y.-""- New-Haven.) Lron. Sraiid'up the fiigitire.Ship Waverly, from Hong Kong.-Both by pilot boak^portSr>akc,tirceepdairerCity.FANCY BONNBT RIBBON.FANCY DRESS TRIHMINGS.PARTICULAR NOTICE.Evexy yard of fancy Bonnet RiUmn in my stoek that-doe. not contain the fashionable and prevailing colors-tered Ibto an[iillllllWI—l JHbbbino's Patent Champion Fire-Proof Safes,mdse. to J. Ji N. Biinrs.Steamer nanet, Wuion, Fhlladelpliia, withnd*e.ta Leper k KlrUand.Police Court. able to find any of theThe officer, however, was im-latIon. 71andit isi^iladelphla,;intherents will be arrested to-day, notwithstanding the fact that they deny all knowledge of the connewklchA>sSaeig,of Us ertyonoonndssion. ItwasdecidedthatCaliforniashould be the field in which he was toaadDerby. C.«,w«fc""found, however, upon delivery of this sunmsied bar- gain, that cigars manufactured of the poorest ,Mess Pobktl975.Coma steadyBlend,MUwaukecldg.ofmissioned by the head of the family to repair the er's news caused less firmness. At lie. the turn Is InA COCET CLXBK ASSAULTED AT A THEATBE.On Monday evening, Mr. Frank Spicer, a clerk atSloop Stoneybrook Packet Tyler, Elixabethport witin 8,215,500 coal for Providence.tiie Lower Police Court,standing in the vestibuletbggy.Precinct,and was caught between a girder and a box of goods. He at once entered upon the task, and was time making a lunge at him with the weapon. A by- Stocks steady. Pennsylvania State Fives, 96 Schr. Mystic Valley.—By pilot boat NetUe, No. ».last Satorday he was brought before Justice Kzllt for examination on a charge of having stolen a quan-Athany,P. M.held upon it by Coroner O'KzEn. Deceased was a few himdred dollars in American gold, is in the iden- ant, however, was unable to identify him from Uie Kast for Boston, by Railroad SMA.lt. audi P.M. pooldealers andgratiated himself so firmly into their confidence, tlafthe was not only intrusted with the business of makingcollections, the aggregate amotmt of which reachedfrom tl5.000 to $•25,000 daily, but was permitted to Johntransact the baniting-business of the house withoutthe exercise ofInst.-the day that he took his departure from broken open a show window of the store No. 35 Park- ceived at the office of the Company In this City, Ks. MOheavymaglstr^; and the prisoner fancied he was enumerating some ofbark Money, Nick, Btyrout man, Manila.below, shipdispatched an agent by the steamer Isabel to Charles- Ward of AdriaticOct. 24 Oct 26 Oct 27Southam'n Liverpool... (luebecthe bedroom of the and with them a prisoner,SUITE BBOADWAT.DressTrimmings,quantity of letters, from the tenor of which it Is inferred that he had engaged passage on board the steamship whichIiithe best ever taken of Wm. ' Also, on view, all the members of the Royal partyHavanafancytheThe prisoner has been temporarily committed, pend-and Havre-Vi. Cattanco and V. Eenhardt, JosephYonng Shapilfters.BECOTEBY or A LARGE AMOUNT OE PROPEBIY.THIS DAT (Wednesday) U•On Monday afternoon two littleI;posefor valued at tS.Nov.'Aim I 1 iiJ°Ie> N. Totto. J. J. Laubot, J. Sanborean, foot of North Moore-st. Throagh tickewbusiness of stealing from various stores in this CHydiseases of the pelvic viscera. Bupo-f rbctum, are cured without the knife or ligature.Oct 30— /n steams/tip Star of tke West.Jrom Tfew-Or- phiihpV, W. Dickln.on, Capt. Thompson, Mrs. loola~s,latter city they live.shoes then on their feet they said had been stolen thatmorning from a store in Myrtle-avenue, and theirshawls also had been obtained in the same dishonestway. In their possession at the time of thefr arrestI,^^"CTn.'Lka^-several otherall ofwhich they admittedhad1ma, Consumption, *c., andinclosing4checkforf100. Thetotalamoustof house* Np, 193 Peari-ttreet, aoi No, lis ttiSQUoftheyear.whichprevail;Crescent City, Baxter. Bavana, Livingston,^^i?. u»i»KSswf "3Weststatedthat frequently they dis- pawn-shops,girls,ofpupU Ricord,nearlyDiioK, )U>., Editor of the Setlpel,AndolKleseh. Mr.Untitled DocumentOP Hanley,row, and stolen therefrom several boxesThe Br.J. G.shared the medals with companions, and they went toIn for awaytothis City, a thief, named Alfred S. occupiekl byMr.i.... .« Nor. 10......Liverpool Liverpoolat QUajfZT'SBienville MataDzas KarnakNov. 1 Nov. 8 Nov. 13Kew-YorkNew-YorkN. Y., Nassau fc Hav'a'"fslooo'yardaOffice hours from 8 8to -A. M., 1 toat No. 42 Fifth-avenue.3 and 7 to « P. M.,r. Dr. D. 8. E"rada^a_nd _lady. K^edy,N.,KNATIONALrjOHNC. MATHER CLUB.^^j No. 334 Greenwich-OALLIBT,HO. 707....Matanias|AdTWtlMdn*BL1•AK OBCHABD acid 8PBIKS WATKK.o'clock. PnMllentA STTOA-tioD, by » .«fPyThildron and to do nlain sei or . '.f/A/re of children plain sewing,Wator are estab- see testimonials from physicians and other respectable individuals.son,memlMrs of thU Cooipany are bereby notlfled to assemble at tke Anaory. in elHxeos' dress.;ComerofBroadwayand*8-:- ; 8cheir«r, Bn,^¥i?.JB*?«.Bbon Baumbiu,nHmaLaoiBoots,®il30forredStateespecial reference to the taste of the pe<q>le of bichiding 1,800 bush, new State, afloat, at $1 26)i. officer, of Bnbklys. died. The bark Ziaganlla, ofKew-paiting, Prager saw his wife ooBsibrtably settled in aprerions.a twat, at 35Hc. Barlzt less active and 12/wilb hides and wool to S.G.BeedkCo.well stocked wlik atower for State?4c for stainedrowed State at70c.«72c., including bag lota of WayneWaisxT 22c.; sales 400 bbls. Fbbd is lowerwere sold at a range of 60c. to $1 10 for coarse to fine.the in the equator,ofjack-knives, woolen stockings and watch-chains, andto insure her against any possible contingency of want during his abseooe, be stipulated with Wineberg to pay her VIO per week on his accoimt Having thus anaajged Us affairs,' Prager took passage for San"<o to daysFrancisco, but be had maae the first move- scarcelyNbw-Orlia>b, Tuesday,OOTTON firmeilHe. Salesofthree-days26,500balesgiving stipendyear, 133,000 bales. Flour dull at t5 70a$5 80 for su-lost no time Inas to how far he STseweidfe's behest, but after his arrival In this Ciiv it is perfine.to theAttorney, aUeged that he did not seek an Interview with wine- to Liverpool, 17-32d. Exchange on London, 107)id.'3upon, nager—tl9 50. FaiiOHTb Cotton tin's Oct. 18, with salt to Josei^ Foolke''s Sons beeal»explanation coming to a settlement, and the latter therefore initia- tedthepresentproceedings. JusticeStiibsaccord- ingly Issued warrants for the arrest of Prager and thesearch of histion In the bands of OfficerExchange on New-York ItaK V cent, discount. BDrrALO, Tuesday, Oct. 30—6 P. M.ds. N. of Batteras.Bark Jane Dagett LambeA Glasgow Sept 3E. witb^with;sales to-day at10,000 bales, ll^c. T ?"i'£, ^,I:?*i5,''ri*tlan, Grand Cay. TVL, witb salt tof1 SOforwhiteWistem Notsales of Rtb and Coaa. Oats steady at 36c. forI toAyaiarkCo. Sept.SO,Kr.John;i (wok,IVastem Mail, iai< Brie Railroad. .iH A. V. and aScomplain- BoafhandSonttiwsatsrB MaM....5 AJM. and «& P. H. NEW-ORLEANS,charge containingPhiladelphia,atwhichdetected and securedhaving;Vigo Nov. 10 FultonTOO LATE FOE CUSSIFICATION.Thei HammooiaSoutham'n..New-Liverpool.. 18,000 yards fancy Bonnet Ribbon, cost 37c., «lllng1The Overland MallH. Boody, Havana barks B. Fountain, do.]t«BM. rl>oAtB«.ivBorx.hmymaEvvaerniai,ngWSotoadr, fodro.N,ewl«-tObr fTeolrlN.eFwa-nYcohr,kdoO.c,t.309t;h B;Arabia Oct. 31 Borutsia Nov. 13 3 1Boston. .....aith:Dyer,Fairfowl, 30th. do.,Pfmiylr.r.Kenyan,'r» 7.;•»: Cohimbns, »»; "'»°mioiw.i*.^V^,,;,ifii!S. *n 7i ;Nov. 3New-York. raoH BVBOPS..^AiiB-pi««r Boon,good; 9,5008Sther most ot the passagereceived ttiree days 30,000 bales, against 43,500 bales the same Francis BteeringN. Leftno Am. vessels.no sales.which is tojiave at 64c. Whibkt nominal at 21c. Canal FaBiaHTS E. to S. 8. W., which tasted 4 boors; spilt sails, storequestion- byan of the line. The defence that the agent provedaccused was appoisted an agent t)y a thfrd party, butThe latest achievement of this sortwas sufficient for the accused to show that he was Julius Sultan, was taken before JusUoe 54;000bush. Corn. Friiobts firm. Sight Exchange Brfg Mary Alvlna. (of Boston,) Ames, GalTSSton II^ ds.'.sale of the ticket the accused, and that be was not1;rOicaSOiic. for No.hiInwreck of aschr., of afeoat ISO-35,000pointedagent.'TheCourtInstructedthejurythatIt cametolightyesterday,whenaPrussian,named S*ipmen(»—1,600bbls.Flour;109,000bush.Wheat; withplastertoorder.did not to show that the attemptlatter was a duly ap-unwary.;;V ds.>3»ds., Draper kSchr.'W.A.GriOn,Bordan,GranadaOctmetal, fruit, Ac, to master. 28th inst, off BaUeras* saw shipVitnla. of Boston, strg. N. Left no Am. Tcasela,agent company runiung the vessel;quiet,store.store.bush. Wheatsteady;sales6,500bush, atMartins;<;:;bbls. FlourBablit19c. on Wheat 17c. on and received otherImports—9,000In the S. from fromeasiersalesCom to New-York. boata, damaige. SStn inst, lat IK,..Oct.18Oct 18Oct 20Oct. 23 Galway New-York '"and Briot'and family, and 307 others In third class.aroB vaxBa—fms|,Cleared.Aeamship Florida, CroweU, Savannah, 8. L. MltehUI7SoK-r-WJU<TED, A GERMAN OR FRENCHMoon riaca., pat...New-YorkState; ootreeYork. sId. 3 ds. prerioasaeondtke brig SRirt, Isr ao_ 1 dawWasMds. Cape Henand moderate w«a- UghtsoatkeTlir winds ftom the County at 65c., and Cayuga County, In lota, at Mc naator. Lat. 29 IS, Ion. eTM, signalised a berm. tori*400 tonscarriedFlocb active. Wheat dull, and Ic. lower; Brig Onward, (Br.,) Higgins, Orient Bay. 8t MartinoCorkOatsquiet iiccei;>(>—3,900bbls.Flour2, 35c.,-; eooKT'YorkSg^-The and officersaway top- I8ds.,withsaltto8mith. Jones kCo. LefftnoAai. resrsels. Onthe14thInstthetons, came aahore on the southeast side of 8tBrig Zebolnm, (Br., Darisson, Windsor, N. S.,Indiana at S9c. afloat Other10,200^bUBheIs Fallen, Leillla, MatagaTia%lbral-and City Mills held at the same price.Howard-street and$5 60,40®$1 65. Cork has a declining tendency, and de-G. F.Schr. D. Trowbrldge, (ofPbiulszlphia,Flock dull ; superfine is offered at $5 76. ^ds..quietbushels Red; 4,000 at $1 30<3$1 37; Yellow " 72^c. Miss Fork—(19 S0«(20. Corru—Bio 14)(c.5,000 Sultan. After the arrest of the accused he informed eiSltc Wbibbt steady at 22Xc.Q23c.;Schr. John E. Patton, Cole. Portland—BECOTEBY examination on the charge The were also Receipts of grain today- 15,000 bushels Fall Schr. 6ds.,beadiBs *f(ew-Jersey not to succumb to the treachery by which occurred, and that she is rapidlytheir rights are sought to be invaded, but to stand firm hoped, will soon be restored to health and her wontedij their time-honored principles and platforms. And, usefulness In society. No blame is attached by the the 22d inst. from BawBa, Cuba, having on board as is the habit of the rogue to say that he has been com- Cotton ; sales to-day 2,600 bales. The steam- Schr. Chief, Marble, Somerset 2 ds!Improving,and, it isThesteamshipBtrnnille arrived at thisonclocks," to the lady of the house, it MOBiLi, Monday, Oct 29. Schr. Anna M. Edwards, Edwards, Brb"o"k"ha"v'e"n "3 d<a*. Schr. Empire, PBilllp*, Sonthport 3 ds.by another. Presenting the card of " Mr. 600.0670. PiAS S0c.«55c. Schr. WUlow Harp, Smith, Port Jefferson 12 boara..Tuesday,Schr. Albert, Cotton, ColnmbtaSclu. Cental ion, Freethey, Calais 6 ds., with faiaberHartford, forXUaa- Havelock, (Br.,) Reid, Sackvllle, N. B., tU Port-land 13 with d«.,P. I. Nevius k Son.^S^Ta Millard Fillmore, Chase, Boston 3 ds., with mdse.to S. W. Lewis fcCo.Wm. J. No. Romer. 12.stoneto:leans Jamestown, Richmond, &c.; Florida, far 8a—forvannah. Ship Confidence, for New-(>rleans. Schooner;Bath; Gnttenberg, Havreships Favorite, ;is a positive cleaning-out will be sent to auction.of the abpve goodsl/^This;:Zenobla and Autocrat. Boston;India- HAMPTON ROADS, Oct 30-Arr. bark Maria, Monte-phia;;;NEW-ORLEANS, Oct 29-Arr. ship J. H.. New-•I o'clock P. M., for the pur- attendiac tha foneral ot titeir late Seeond-Liea-oftonant Geoife N. Mandevilla. Br oider,4 P. freia Pier No. 36, N. .j. 31, at «^/^,'ei, 'o'BRIEN,fTTVlSSi'mm;; Thomas M. Tryniski 309 South 4th Street Fulton New York 13069www.fultonhistory.com 