 ifiBlTIOlAL FROM EUROPE.ARRIVAL OP THE TKuTONIA.The screw steamship Teutoato,Capt Taube, from South nrr>r!<*o early on toe Tth of Ja»sery. arrived at this port at half p u t ove o clock yesterday eveningHer advices haTe been anticipated b y the Africa, but IbeTeiriooinbringso«Loudonpapersofthe7thlost-, uUcb were wanting by the forrfer »es*lCardinal Waaman is said to have promised an Irish brigade for the f o i *R e p o r t s a y s t h a t V i c t o r E m m a a u e l , o n N e w Y e a n d a y , •a reply to the hope o f t h e Neapolitan Ambassador that an would b e arranged peacefully, said, "Bow arranged ia peace- Sot at ail. The cannoe will settle that,'' a n d to theSpanishAmbassador."TellwourQueen theoughttoJ<xlit,thatthrprrplr(jf(ail(OtwlrjnmtDunenftheITntuHsu*»U** *—'MMtttM sjfti ftaimiel Mafjanfay corroborated the taetts* * »unitewithAM,sadnot believe allthose patUciofthe•legal aspects ot the case, especially a s regarded that great sai.guard of human freedom, the writ o f habeas corpus, whichbesaidshould notbe permitted tobe Interfered with b> anv considerations of policy. T b e ground takea by^ooDSel for the State ot Virginia, that oNbm«af» tinve stste were to have the right of earrytni'•*£*%* thatdomesticinstitutionwhenpassingthrough^WherSates,The Circassians a r e rapidly emigrating t o Turkey. all*'' In that case w e might in a few years find a U«UerSomesixteenthousand bare arrived atConstantinople, •ad eaghi thousand more have assembled a t Kurtch.a The Itmds were firmer tn Lofdna on the 7tb, bat bust BOSSwasquiet ExchangeonAustria hadrisentnconse- qaenceofthereneweddisqmetadewhtcbprevaleat Vienna. Theapplication forthenewCanaJtanleanhadreached twelve millions sterling. T h e Bank o f England hadraiseditspriceforfineg«ldfrom£3IT10>,to£3 18.The return of the Bank of England for the week endtag the 4th of January, compaaad with the return of theguaranteeofpeace iathepocketsoftbeFrenchnation than in Iron plated ships, coast fortifications and rifled ar tiller).•Saturdayssstbeyoungladlesdidnotgotos'hoo!.Mrs. Hrfllyer went la the moratog so as tu get bosve before ibe beat midday sun. Whether on this occasion Harriett wa» mis-asto the sour of tha day, or Mrs. Hotlyar changed berhour of i struction. Is for you to settle. Tbe girl kaew hourscfMrsHoiI?ersahenceaswellasMr.Hollyer,andtheMewYorkHospitalsufferingfroaastobinthebreast and another in the abdomen; h e h a d tost conatderateele blood asd was Buttering Trosa prostration; to th e o aof twenty sit or twenty eight boors sy mptoess o f tod tnauoo began to show themselves, he suffered prtaeipaisyprevious week, show the following results —A decrease in notes issued o fAn increase tn rest of jA decrease in public deposits o fAn increase tn other deposits « fAc increase tn seven day and fther bills ofOn the other side —A decrease in gold coin and bullion ofAn increase in government securities o f An increase in other securities! ofA decrease in notes of iA decrease in gold and silver c*tn of£318,770some slight toflSMMuatwe o f t h e left Isng; I found some adhesions of the pleura oa tea walls o f t h e cheat, whieh indicated some prcviaas disease; th e wound o a tb e ahdomna w a s about tare* inches above the pubis; tbe wound was a n loch in length on the outside and extended down wards and In wa-ds; t n e wound through th e internal nm*c1<* w a s In th e same direction: the intestine* wert> n o t womned, atthxigb t b e weapon had entered into the cavity of the peitaaium; there was considerable inflammation of the intestines, aad also o f the perilonium coverirjg t b e abdominal wails; b e came to bis death b v the tonatoaaattna o f t h e periiom m and inflammation o i the lungs, caused b y ihese WvMinds; the deceased cia' e a declaration before t h e Coroner. Q . Do yon kr-ow if Cobane waa aware of his condition re- spectingliteand<ti>aibatthetimebemade thedeclara- tierr tObjecteo to.)By the Court—Hu uad.no jnutneUou from m e o r a t y of the attrn .ants of theh<*pitnl that be was goingto die.The fihV'Clioti wa8sw»a»i>#<t.Judge Ingraham, in charging the jury, said that In comrrjittiDg this case to their bands he felt relieve! from thenecessity o f entering minutely into the details, i n conse-quence of the very thorough examination which had beengiven it by the counsel for the prosecution a n d the priso-ner. It was always a matter of regret that n jury shouldtie called upon to d©cid|, either in civil o r criminal cases,oji testimony such a s mto been produced In this case—It laskill more so in [a matter of life or death; and ftwill bo necessary for the jury to examine thetestimony more thoroughly than under other cir-cumstances. I n cases o f thai kind other testi-mony can rarely be produced, andwhen parties boardingbousekeeperwasUaenpresentandanotherjJUng30,4<J0 The following is tho official return of the imports and ex- port* of ihn precious metels, to and from .London, during25 —ThePeople vt. rTtHiamJones.— Counselthe week ending 4th of Janaarjr —formed lor Uie purpose of hostile geographical aggression.It breai ties menace and a perpetual cirtiilict towards t h elaws ai.d instituuor.s, and social compact of fifteen Stat, sot the I n sin. It is from its natuto and constitution a a in-strument adapted to produce disunion. Its success mist this Mate. Nothing has, or can claim, the authority of inevitably insure lhat result.Gold BUver'.'.'.law within this State, unless it proceeds from the sove-Thorns?Cobmerecalled—1waa present atthe honnital Wtirn n>> broihi-r made oi* dying C," ia-auon to the Coro- n< r. ni* brother Matel to me bis coui'itiont, F v Recorder FmHh objected t a such testtsseay. T h e proHiuiiim should call tie- Oontner hioosmlf, t h a declara- tions hav.rg iK'tc committed to wrmng by th- Oroner, to that be can b e cross-exam inert a s to the apparent con- dition o f the patient when making bis oeeiaratioa. ( a d - muted, b y the Court.)corripti>nwhichreacheditsmostshiningpointduring the government o f the Regent Orleans, that a gentleman of sober habits might be even a miser witho'it derogating; j l>ut that no gentleman could be parsimonious to his vices.State, approved a n d sanctionednimity b y tbe North and South.tral on tbe subject of slavery; to make it aggros.-,iva or defensive is to violate it. This Union can only be pre- served o y a strict aahereuce to the constitution If thatwhethertherewasamurder,and wasJonestheperson whocommittedit* Ittsnotenoughforthejurytosay that, from the evidence, Jones might have been t h e p e r - son, and that no other person could have committed it, because then tho jury were urt free from the reasontionottbeprisoner;Iwentwithhtmtotheplacebetween eleven and twelve o'clock; about eleven o r twelve were there; Mr. Mulligan was there; they were sitting on a sofa, and not drinking; Donsc-Uy was asked to drink, bat woildImpnrte.; . .£3tW,irM • • 397,007Exports.£ist,6rt6 275,886maintain the restraint which has t h e force o f law withinIf an instrument had done bis work, it was a doty of gen-fiiJe.vf to «e»ard him well. Napoleon acts up to the gene- be violated, tbe bonds of the Union are broken, audthen-us uad't.ons of the Regency. If he does not allow h isaggrieved parties will seek redress and compensation with-ibeannualreturnsoftrase andnavtgatkna.THELEMMONSLAVECASE.wftfbycomityadd tbevigorofIU,^t^*a4"f«nla* trstk.nwithintttterritory,viz,a/°*•»»"**»»U*rwassogentlemen.Hi 1bythedefendantbetweanthreeandfouroctodtsCthata'gi.n.eta in the lock i wtdch neve, fads to make itselfhear' when th«- di;> .xitatwU have fli.ah.'d iheir w.-aogles.Nosh.pkt i-rw11kow'-t'.yVn»:»insb»»tcustotatronA p p e a l s * AUUST,Wednesday,Jan.25,I860.See of slavery, will prefer the law of nations tothe law orVirginia,sndsetthestovefree. ImpivM<tcrudeluju-nd»Aliver.Bisdeienoeofprvivioganalibiiacalledtoiiertolaertoje generally prepare themselves wttb Catherine Kattie deposed that sbe sa v Doon-tly come toR. F. Stockton—Uniona n t E x U t t n c e o f S i n v e r y . PaiNCSToa,Jan.34,1840.Gnrrucnxx— I have received your letter requesting "the expressionofmyopinionmrelationtotherecentUnion meetingsheldmNewJersey,andnpoothedangerswhich at the present Ume threaten the republic." I thank y o u for the commendation y >ubestow on m y "national and conservative spirit, and my devotion to the Union." and will pouceed to answer your inquiries without turther de- bay.ty tf the'State of New York, in detormlntiig the political, civilandsocialstatusofpersonswithin litborder* Tbe principal points o f his argument were:— ;Thatthewritorhabeascorpusbelongsofrighttoevery personrestrainedoflibertywrthinthisState,underany pretence whatsoever, unless by certain judicial process o f federal or State authority.-(l Rev. Stat, p . 663,^21.) This right is absolute (1) against legislative invssion, an* (2) against judical discretion—(Cons. A rt 1,^4; 1 Bev. Stat., p. 566, ^ 81.) In behalf o f a human being, restrain- ed ot liberty within this Slate, the writ, b y a legal neoeebeing acquainted with defendant, and doing busineas with himonSaturday,the9thofJuly,athisplaceinBrooklyn, latetntheafternoonofthatday.^rcona of Saturday, when Mrv Hollyer was ordinarily at bomsorwasherfromthoetleetofberinjuriesshehadiidia- tmetivaiy.asfromtorgetfulneaa.fixedthebooriatheafternoon Instead of the forenoon when Mrs Hollver was not at home, ontheSaturdayv.benthisoccurrencetookplace. Now,gen- tlemen,withthesefac*sIsubmitthecasetoyon.andyouwill render a verdict In accordance with what you think ts just sad ri^it.caDed-he sunk off and dtod in aboet three ~ wards;Imade*post mortemexamination; Ifoundwas a stab in the cbeatoa tha right side, about th e Jaae- tionortheeartilegeofthefifthrib;thewoundbaden- teredbetweentbethirdaad fourth ribs andenteredthe cavity o f tbe cheat; tha external wound w a s about hah* an Inch, o r three quarters long. I found Incipient i s -What a farce, iberelore. of hypocrisy and deception isHnni»-Uimcnltltt Of IVapolion'* Mew theperformanceofrepublicansatIuionmeeunys! Isit s-la'tiiesoftheSlate,orinitsunwrittencommon(oroitt-Count Walewtkl'i lUaipiaatlon andIie-tomary) l a w ; o r from t h e federal government, whose Policy. «, despise tbe imposture. For these reasons I am unwilling constitution and statutes have tho force of law within [From the Ixmdott Tlm-s. .Jan 7 ] to take any i*rt in snch demonstrations. They m a y b e this Mate. So far as tbe law o f nations h a s force within Count Wakw.-ki lias fallen',, like Jupiter, in a shower of harmless; but certainly they can produce no Hubstoutial this State ami sotsras, "by comity," tbe laws of other gold. Fortune follows her fevorne* even in h i s descent change in the relations n o w s o alarming between t h e sovereignties have force withiu this State, they deriveftrom power, and sort ads luxury, and wealth, like softspangled cushions, on the spot where h e is to Strike theNorth and the SouthA I nun meeting which should be so constituted a s t otheir tflicacy, not from their own vigor, but b y adminis- tration a s a part o f the law o f this State. (Story CuoflWitness—I said to him ,yon are In a bad state—tell tbe truth a n d nothing but the truth: I don't know that I told him whether tbe doctor said Hor lot: the deostavd'shappier, than h e would have been tn his native country. He goes on to say:—.We must reason about thiols a s they are, not as we might wish them to be. The slave is gu<rrt of ' M. Urandguiliot,'' of l i e ConstUutionttei. pro^rty; he became so by a law of our common ances-sister Ifemg lu ihe cit» o f New York; that the refeudant. living- here recapitulated t h e substance o f t h e testimony.This could not go on foe ever. While toe Emperorand the ii.peare thus belaboring each other in disguise,M.WatewaaiandCardinalAntouelli,thetwoofficialre-presenlativesofthetwostiverelgas,couldnottorveryridiculecontinuetobo*-and)embrace aodpassendearingcrnplimeMi. Walewsiti hasbeen removed fromthescene, and AntoneUi must npw bow t o space. T h o E mjwrtr:sgettingtiredolplay,andis lookingroundtosee togo? NoreflechogPianispreparedtosayheiswillingand being childless by his wife;-who w a s a n no luamtanen o f Mrs HenneU. the sister, proposed to take the piaiuti.f lain their family—no'.ss a sculltonor servant, butrather as an adopted danuhier or fosier slater aad companion—lo aid M rs H elver ID her domestic avocations—to partake of their a*vjletv aad to eaiattheirtable:Ibatarrangementstosuchaneffectwere mtide for btrby the sister, and ibalia or about tbe month ofHe did not intend to say anything to the jury as to the degree of credit they were to give to the witnesses for the prosecution or defence; they h a d seen their demeanor and noticed the manner in which they had testified. If tbejurybelieve,astestifiedtobythewitnessesforthepossible lhat our Southern brethren will n o t delect a n dearth T h a decision which dethroned him was sudden,and the enact cause irf that deg-ision may still be a problem. sreak substantial words of fraternity and encouragement Laws. ^ IS,20, 23. 26, 29, 33, 36, 37,38'. Bank ofIt may b e but a s ibe taktcgj down a n Austrian bauner from a place of honor, but laying u by tenderly to be re- placed at a convenient season. It may be a demonstra- tion that the fciuperor isaboil* to break for ever with the course of poticv ot which Walewskl was the visible e x - Cent But. on the other hand, it may also be that th eto tbeSouth, and which should say that tbe Fugitive Augusta v=. fcarle. 13 Pet., 619,6*s9. Dairymple vs. Dal-sure a n d wifhout a n y forteiture of self respect. M y andthink* • uoneenunt to flay t«untm oow entirely opinionsonthesubject ofslavery have loDgsince been out of hu mvn hand. It must be admitted thai if freely expressed, when the geographical conflict had hard- ly commenced, and tbe i air lentous dangers with which it was pregnant could only b e discerned in the future, likeBy the Court—He did not say anythibg aboutpetor is lust in th e act <f iryvta a new oombinati<m.Kaputeon 111 has prohibited the action of the press inits ancient sphere, h e h a s very largely Increased its direct importance by the work hiehasimposed upon iton his own iwLaif. In Paris, audi now in Rome, toe pamphlet and ibe journal have takes the place of the diplomatic note. Tbe Powers of Europe come into the lists of Journal-ism, mulling notly in tbe w$U't, and only known in their pla-o armor o f anonymous;knights b y the heartiness o f the Mows ibey deal, and b y the deference which is paid thera by their opponents B was curio is to see the master of M> manv k-gious UUmg with his vizor down a t the Holy Father Now w e have tbe Holy Father himself assuming the pseudonym of "Uornaletdt Roma," and returning the blowtromunderthequguxeeofthebroadsheet His verMUili assailant receives! his lance in full career, but, changing horse a n d arm* a n d blazon returns into the lists, and resumes, too combat under the nom dei. They are:—reference t o t h o civil conditions obtaining withinthe States t o furnish an artificial enumeration o f persons as the basis of federal representation and direct taxation distributive^ between the States.present on the occasion have been examined except t h etwo prisoners who are under indictment, and the law does overtotim:Itoldbimbeforethathe wasntliberty toa dam cloud on tbe distant horizonCommodore Stockton here reiterates his views, whichwere expressed in a letter to the Hon. Daniel Webster in I860, s s to the debased condition of th e African and h ispot permit them t o give their version o f t h e transaction. the jury, amidst the prcioundest silence. He commenced [The jury are called upon to examine two questions—first,answer any questions that 1 put to bimThe District Attorney . fit red tbe dying declaration of theprehensive legislation which prohibit that relation a n d MuiitieiB much power.it h e even suffers them to pro- out regard to its obligations." • * * The discussuri of render tbe civil condition of slavery imposaible in our ownmise what h e does n o t attend to perform, a n d dis- these vexed questions has only aggravated ihe angry feel- socle y . Tne comity, it is to be observed, under inquiry, is avows a n d reassures tnet$ when their obligations b e - ings o f the hostile sections. Step b y step the anti-slavery (1) of the Stale and not o f the Court, which latter has n o cometrr-ubleaome,noon^cansaythathedoesnot, agitationhasadvancedintheworkofproducingthein>si authoritytoexercisecomityinbehalfoltheState,but with a roble disdain for all meaner coosideratiens, inoammaiory excitement. The pulse of the peoplehastyinquiredof;and(2)whetherih©comityextendstoyielding the affirmative aid o i t h e State to maintain t h en d nuv amount of damages which, a s reasonable and nono- hiB flight to Phflatietphia The jury w*r» to dwell on these [The witness then went on to testify to th e same effect a stKmw them gold a»'l decorations Under certain condi-tion*, and with certain resections, the service of Napo-leon111\fthebestintheworld Thereappearstobeperiectlnder*»nden«t,/'jrjammaytaywhat y>tulike,cer- tar*tha'whatevery<>«moftayyourmaftrrwilldoathecommutedandcivilandservilewarcommenced. hkn; and when the time names that the discrepancy be-twe. o official words and lajipenal acta becomes inconve- ntenily glaring, behold there is a golden chariot and gar-In the midnight hour of a Sabbath, away among the secluded mountains of Virginia, a slumbering v i ' l v is suddenly aroused by armed ruffians, its citizens killedor13Ftt,589. Dred Scott vs. Sanoford, 19 How., 591 ) The principles, pc'icy, sentiments, public reason and con- science, and authoritative will oi the State sov ireigoty, asf&milv,whihadbeen a stranger tillwithinthres thetestimonyofJaneTVadfordwenttoshowthatsuch maker;heusesalargepairofscissorsinhisbusiness,meuihs. with the commission of a brutal outrage in words had passed—then their verdict tn4|lit be man- which ismad' out of pasteboard with brass atthe end. a sequestered place, a n d h e h a s been arraigned beforetbebarofthepublicaudthiscourt,andiscalledupontoslaughterInthethirddegree Butiftheyfin1thatthe TheCourtheretookarecess.clesnpe hiiise.lf from th e a l ei;ed criminality, b y eatahliahing prisoner was intending t o rob the man, and that he tookLia innocence. How, gentlemen, waa that to be doue? tie bis life in tbe attempt, he is guilty of murder. If, howlands and blue Are to accompany you in glory from ine made prisoners, the Slavj invited to insurrection, a go- sueh. have< been expressed in the most authentic t> m , scene. The conditions arethat you must not pretend to vernment arsenal seized, and murder and robbery perpe- and with the most distinct meaning, thatalavery, wheuce-BTSNlNG 8BSST0N.James Shelley deposed—! was present attbe fight, andexercise any solid power, c* chafe a t the small credencegiven to your official explanations. Count Walewski, hav-ing faileW in tbe crmditiJUS,or having arrived at lhat fatalpoint o f discrepancy,.goes fbrth covered with all the starsof our modern carpet chivalry. Invested with the rank o fSenator, gifted with two estates, mere mementoes of th e their prophecies derided—and h o w h a s Joan Brown's F-mperor's generosity, a n d endowed with a salary o f treason been greeted? By one universal, unanimous voice £&.O0O a year for life. Ittto, moreover, is a Minister to of execration? No such thing! He ts glorified by numberswhom it is now evident that the Emperor has never been ss a martyr—village bells tolled In requiem to his depart- lauebud for his policy. Niapoleoa 111. w a s never depen- ed spirit—sermons and orations were delivered in various dent upon Walewskl, either for h is cxpeulents or for quarters to applauding auditors, extolling h is vtrtues— hw resolutions. Walewskjl was not a Richelieu, nor even excusing his crime, and with model ribaldry comparing a Dubois, h e waa simply * drag upon his master's course,coud not proline" the eve witnessed testimony of a third partylo nbow himself :;uiltlesa, because the plaintiff has located theiu:' in a spot where the two actors couid not be seen by othersIt 'IH fearful pnveer which female domestics who are wickedand fal.se. hold over male members of a family and waeo achargeofibenatureoltbenreeentoneIsmadeitMeroresallnoon vvboro an Investigation of It is devolved by the la*- to»earrhmostcriticallyaudanaiMislyforthetruth—notonlyfor andastherewaanoprobabilityoftheiragreeing,theCourt himand came ontoihecurbstone,andIsawiwomen tie purpose cf protecting an innocent man trom arj uniust took a recess until ten 0 clock Thursday morning. striking him wben be was down: I was standing from bim attackuponhischaraeterandIdapocket,buralsofortbep.ir A!Mf.l'.DTICKETSWIXDLUrOAXI)F\LS%rRSTXVCES. aboutoppositethedoor;Iwasnearenoughtohaveheard 1» se of guaUining and recompensing female virtue, so far anbut animpedimentsoalightthathecouldnotaffordto tolerate it He was a small domestic opposition. But tie baa served the Emperor. To mete out his reward would be to measure h a own honor. The Fcmperor scirns to d o so bourgeois an act, Wajawski goes forth, therefore, like AKmaeon from the treasury of the Lvdtan KingFlow much mote Ui»de* and more gpartia-tike are w«the execution o f this criminal with tbe crucifixion o f t h e BlessedRedeemer. Now1willnotbeguiltyofthein-complaint of Christian Heine, with selling h im a bogus tickt t for a passage to Liverpool by the Bteamship Ham- monia, w as called up, but at the request of prisoners' counsel was postponed until Friday.in our constitutional £>veraiuent when tve reckon another, uutil they have reached that point ia which awith our old servants. When vre allow £5,000 a year to fuither advance must be over the "broken and dismem- sustain the dignity and the expense of the highest ouVvs bered fragments of a once gloriius Union " * * * *someweekormorebeforetbedisclosure wasmade;andvon hadagreedatnineo'clockonthepreviousnight,butas theyalso have the subject oi the accusation swearing to vnu tnat he had told the Judge that there was no probability of their To the Court.—1 heard borne one say that a woman had *la the State w e think w e are doing a remarkably hand- some thiag, and such men a s Mr. Williams, ol Lambeth, and Mr. Bright do not fait to reckon it among the exiravaAgainst these designs and results the Soma stands as oneman on the defetisive—they clearly perceiv'j and fullyappreciate the Impending dangers which tling their awfulIs not ihe man Ifo h wftceaaes neeeagarqy bad eiualnnaaaof knowledge, asd therefore one of them must ha»e been fo e agreeing, and that h e could go home, they did not let the sworn, and hav^ commute 1 wilful and corrupt perjury beforetiod and man, frr the purpose of wickedly pftrveruag the pure officers know o f their agreement, for fear they would send alieam of justice. It It a fearful thing wbea truiv, for him.which should always sh>ne out io clearness, beconi** The prisoner was remanded for sentence. The penaltyso hidden and obscured through the instigation of is not less than four years and not more than seven. thelevil. But.gentetnan,whichoneofthetwoIstobestig-matised as rerjured? That .inestiou you must solve, bectiie CHAKliK O F ASSAULT A N D BATTERY WITH FIRE-her arms round John Monaghan, but I aid not see •* Thomas Cobane recalled—I never heard Doutdly say that any person was a s o f a b , for I was in t h eback room. NCross examined—After h e run away I came out; I neverknew Donnelly before that time, I was just inside the door wbenbestruckme.cany, or the Fopc to th^aVmagaa.Brltlau Trswle wltla Kraacs and therrrom tbe Mtaahsssar Exammsr, Jan. 6.common property o f the United States. • * • • it derives its vitality. If t h e slavo be eloigned b y fraud10. RobertRussell. 11.EdwardStone. 1 2 . Morgnis Wise.twatawMfwdaa.«a«w«aaateiy [aeoaba*mcoawIts opsnosw- Iwebtvebeangra- imilof £l0jau4>0WI• gaas to atabast aa » nroads apoa oar asearitf. We are •wiMnotbesafefaratashavearureaohoftheirartUtery. Soanew Z^Ktwh^nt on a atoanifr aosb Is to b e axed aomewlnea ^l^asalan.1ooJn|iaa.aadweabaerrethathaf.wa cwwaciiSmn^STik» fatWaalag the„<»"«•«»afthacutullci,IwouM have sheNorthandpromptlyandcordiallyagree,first,saJaadconclusive,tbe dactSMsn'ofthaSecond,complyfaaaftBy wththere--Jngmvaaavelaw. Third, to recognim pieofthelawofnationswhichattributeetothaat* nfttLaathat nsaaa illsb sokO-d stt*. Xow, a s theae ^Ttna-Waraaie oatlay,Hlathem with the circumstarcea a * * facte w lcivilwarwillbetha -weeaaapa*do|«torn>otiMf9W nokmflrfamHtoma ifc»aWofjmiUl iitioaaitrilTil ntoftable. Haw snoald take the matter IJU» •should Ktsthusthstmarriagecontractedinathey cording to the municipal tew there, will b e _DwneiiyWMpoehed down on thecurb stone twoor toejudgmentofthattribunal,entitlethe plaiuurUtore-three men were about aad over him; Ussy had a reanlar cover I am satisfied that I cannot assign reasons ( * » ronfh•Mdjnmbie;Donnellyappearedtoharebloodnponhim when •aw him at the station house aext judgment for the platntiffs which are satisfactory to raf«Ssatsat Bow at it that wc tafce any amouat o f bMtertag aad tAraaaanrng with tha ulawat aiaanlmlty. our oter- aaaasa amax sato sswtiw ovdeva a* H a wire oc'y th>a to XfoMft uta (batweh-mno ftaxnf» warwttathetuitedtake tbe subject up beforethey thouidtrated.soevcr it comes, and b y whatsoever casual access, o r for whatsoever transient stay, sliall not be tolerated upon our soil That i b e particular case o f slavery during ttau«it has not escaoed the intent o r effect ot t h e legislation o n thesubject,appearsintheexpresspermissiononceac- corded 10 it, snd the subsequent abrogation of such per- mission. (1Rev. St.,parti, ch.xx,fit.7,i^6, 7. Ke- [itaJici; act, Laws 1841. ch. i 4 7 . ) Upon such a declara- tion o t the princ ]il«s and aenuments o f the State, through its Legislature, there i s no opportunity or scope f i t judi- cial doubt or determination. iStory Contl. Lavs,^o6, 37, 23,24. Vattel, p. 1,^1,2) But, were such m*ni testenactmentofthesovereignwillinthepremisesw*ut. Ing, as matter of general reason and universal authority, the slat i.s of slavery is never upheld in the case of stran- gers, resident or in transit, when the domestic lawt reject and suppress such status as a civil couditioo o r social re- lation. Tbe same reasons of justice and policy which for- bid tha sanction of law and the aid of r.ublic force to the proscribed status among our own population, forbid them in the case o f strangers within our territory. The status of slavery is not a natu'iil relation, but is contrary l a nature, and atevery ruomout it subsists, it is an ever new an1 activt> violation of tho Law of nature—(Cons. V a,, Bill of Rights, i^) 1 , 1 4 , 1 6 ) li originates in mern pre- dominance ot physical force, au: is continued by mere predomiaance o f social force o r municipal law. Whenever, auy fact attempted to.be proved against the prisoner was not proven to their satisfaction, the jury are bound to give him the benefit o f itgot there betwten eleven and twelve o'clock; I was sit lo g in the store; wben I got out the fight w as nearly over; John Monagbac came and took bim inside; I saw Donnelly go up to the brother of tbe deceased, and say "You are iheman,"thenhestruckatothers,two menrushedatIn vain had wise and good men for years declared that snti slavery agitation would produce just such results a s John Brown's foray. Their warnings were unheeded—Thejuryretiredatfiveminutesaftertwoo'clockP.M,justice of holding the great holy of the republican party responsible for John Brown's acta, o r for the encomium* lavished upon his crime.Tbe great body of that party are innocent of such re- sponsibility. They have neen organized as they believed for the redress ot great wrongs. But they have been led by their master spirits from one stage o f excitement t oDEOREM.Owen Mallen recalled—1 saw Donnelly that night, b u t noweaponinhishand;Ididnotseetheaomui Catha rine Kattie; if Donnelly had made that offensive remark, Icouldhavebeardit.Cross examiueu—It w a s n o t in t h e back room a t all; there was a great deal o f no»e and contusion; I w a s u o t talkinpto111;one therr.genus ot a corrupt arstocratic system. Y et s t wort shadows over the whole breadth of their beautiful coun- ever and wherever the physical force in the one stage,oux men hard, mulct thuci iu the expenses of Ire ludut try. Ti*e horrors of a St. Domisgo tragedy threaten to or the social force or municipal law hi the otherre-elections, and call upon them both In oppoiition and in make desolate their homes; to drenchihe.tr peaceful phi.as stage, fails, tho status falls, tor it has nothing to rust upon.office for the devotion of all their time and energy in pub- wuh b'aod—to light up their midnight skies with th•• coulic services of t very kin|.Yet, notxiehsianding th e strong contrast between the cou\ •• iiiair faithful and contented domestic* iuio incar- He bus brought with him n o system i.f muuemai law toenviluueriiB of ciRce in Ifrance and Eng'iLt, and not*i;h-stan<''tgthehafd wort andU»—toa»•rjvftveni...i—ARMS.John Crowley, indicted for an assault and battery withEx Recorder Smith then sumtaed o p t a a a able argu ment on behaif o f the prisoner.liaaiutu » i,i iheir cities and plantation villages; and lotory, the stranger must appeal to somo municipal lawyour verdict tor ibe plaintiff ean only be sustained upon a clearoonvtcilon from die evidtn.-e that the defendant baa foreswornhlm?elf; aid you- veidiet for the defendant can only he sus-taitedbyyourconvietlonthattbegirlbaaforeswornherself; firearmsandintenttokillPatrickLoveloy,withdrewhis TheCourtthenadjournedtoFriday.this)morning,when the District Attorney will sum up for the pewptoT^Mora of the SeMuyler SCFUUOB C0UMT—BFavCIALBefore Hon. Judge Woodruff.JA». 24.-John 0. Woairvf ami. Robert J f aemmng rs.TheSew York and Ntm Haven sTfaflriaad Cbwapoay Thisaction was brought to recover for fraudulent representa-Ucns made b y th e defendants through their transferagent—RobertSchuyler-aadinvolvedtheT—tim astothe liability of the company on account of the spuriousstockissuedbySchuyler. TheenowwastriedlaDecem-berlast,beforeJudgeWoodruff. Itappearedonthetrialthat o n t h e 23d ol June. ISM, F. W. Clark, Dodga k Conate 11..is; inviting (after fivers of blood havefljwcii, Uieu H* i. extermination.beaweaponandashieldt>thisstatus;holiuisnoSuch system here. H is appeal to f«*rc» against nature, to lawwith unparallelled una- T h e constitution i s nou"TV -tuplel'ream Bute, to dtmrmmmg to which of twojtbo hare sworn _ 9th of J«ty,lor about* n'swieXaaiJbtiir- in tbe city of HeW t s A If aacsuaationthatshe•••vtoMeet-I bsve declined participating In the Union meetings to53,319 which you refer. Such convocations, composed promis stty, must issue. Ttie office of the writ is to enlarge tneDuring each day's proceedings t h e court h a s been•S3 174 337,«17 81,W 2coously o f all parties, are in m y opinion fallacious a n d calculated t o deceive.How can it be otherwise, when portions or those w h o constitute t h e parade, return to their political asa-wia twos, and with augmented virulence prosecute their s e cperson in whose behalf it lssnet, unices legal causa b e shown for the restraint o l liberty o r its continuation; a n d enlargemest of liberty, unless such cause to the contrary be shown, tlows from the writ b y the same legal necessity that required the writ to b e issued.—(1 Rev. Stat., p . 6o7,question, about three o'clock in the afternoon.Wm Pate (brother of former witness of same name) produced a memorandum book, containing a n eotry de- signed to show that the defendant w a s a t witness' placeThe defendau was in court yesterday afternoon, a n d attempted to interrupt the pUint.tl's counsel while he was sujnming up.818.770 tM>nal designs and continue their sectional warfare? If I t)39)otbusineas,inBurlingslip,onthedayoftheallegedoc- T|te Five Points Murder—TMe Jury in currence.„ . . • £ H ? . T £ 1,31a,3UOam not mistaken,republicans, s s well a s democrats a n d Americans, have taken part in those meetings; andal- thungh tbe sole object ot such meetings is to counteract the disunion teudency of a sectional party, especial care is taken to use no language offensive to the most ultra lepubl'can. Yet the republican party is an organizationThe whole question o f the case, then, is, docs tha rela- tion of slave owner and slave, which subsisted in Virginia between M rs Lemmon and these persons while there, attend upon ihem white comuiorant within this State, in the course of travel from Virginia to Texas, so as to furnish "legal cause'' lor th e restraint of liberty complained of, and s o a s to compel the authority ami power of tins .^tate to sanction and maintain such restraint o f liberty* Legal cause of restraint can be none other than an authority toAlbert Ward (now living at Hudson City) testified to Hollyor's being at his (witness') employer's, Mr. Gilbert, in Canal street, New York, and runmog to caich the six o'clock Bull's ferry boat on the 6th o f July.Wm. Cab! swore that he felt a great interest in t h e case in behalf o* the defendant. H ad not offered tobet that he could show Doilycr to be not guilty.A lad named Jacob Wvuds, who resides with bis uncle, adjoiDtbg Mr. Hollyer's, testified to having heard profane language, a n d observed very improper conduct on the part o f Harriet The uncle o f the boy, a German, named Boilmire, also testified to improper couduct on the part of the girl.Mr. Hollyer, the defendant, was placed «$on the stand, and testified that h e never had any improper intercourse with the girl; she wastaken sick on Monday, the Uthof July, at ihe dinner table, as ho suppose 1 from eating -.urrarts; she continued to grow worse, and on Wednesday ue sent her in a earriage to th e house of Mrs. Bennett, her sister, iu Houston street, New York.The girl Harriet was recalled, and denied any improper conduct as sworn to by the German and the boy.D e l i b e r a t i o n .C0CRTOFOYEB ANDTERMINER.Before Hon. Judge Icgrahnm. THIRD DAY.Jax.baring summed up for t h e prisoner, and the District A t toriicy having revicwdd the testimony in an able aad elo- quent address,NEW YORKH1RALD, i,,fflFRIDAY,jT '-_JANUARY 2 7 ,mI860.#*r2. A reference to tbe political rights of suffrage within unfitness for self government. F'rom tne dark land of the Slates as, respectively .supplying the basis of the fede-by saying:—GEMLKUEII or THS Jcav—Tbe esse which is now to be suh-deceased, which was as follows:—Africa, sold, bartered away b y his countrymen—the slavo was brought to tnese shores while we were colonists, and subject to British law. Here he is in a civilized aud Chris- ton country , he has more opportunities of enlightenment than be would have had in Africa: be is, as a geueral rule, treated with kindness; he is protected from want in sick- ness and old age; and is, on tho wn >le, better off, Safer,ral suffrage therein.3. A provisiou securing to the citizens of every Statewithin every other the privileges and immunities (what- ever they may be) accorded in each to its own citizens.4. A provision preventing t h e laws o r regulations of any State governing the civil conditiou ot persons withio it. from operaung upon the condition o f persons "held t o service or labor iu one State, under the laws thereof,huestion whether a murder was committel depends upon thedegreeofcredittobegivento thewitnessesforthe prosecution, if the jury believed them, there would b e n o idoiibt that the man was killed b y a blow o n t h e head. The testimony for the defence Is, that t h e man fell downtors; b e was lett in thai condition b y the law o f our com- mon fathers who founded tho republc. T h e burd a o f thispurchaseshouldbeborueinalljusticeequallyby ourcitizens,andwe*arenotreadytopaytheprice;but if wewere ready heis notinacoui'itiontotakecareof himself. Hehasnottheculture,thetraiumg,theexje- ritnee, necessary l o self .iependei.ee. A u d where i s h e136. Dred Scott vs. Sandford Ch J., 452. Kel- sonJ,459,461. t^mpbellJ,50H-9,616-17.)None of these previsions, in teinae or by any intend- ment,supportthe rightoftheslave owner inhis own State or in any other State, except the last. Tais, b y itslawofthisStatepermitsmeexistenceofslavery innotercourse in thefamily circle waspeasant and"«"«factory unUl the 'happeavng ot the event wh>biscntltlentoanacquittal. If,ontheotherband,they oe- 11-evethetestimonyfortheprosecution,therewalondoubt-only a judicial power of determining whether tbe mam be*n felt from lime to time, and if the fever abated, new policy and actual legislation ot the State exhibit the comi-i-Memen,t<.nmayseepropertoaassssagainsthimatallconsistent with bis siat'on in life, eannot be held to be e\-"*a»-ive in redressing huch a wrong and in puulahiog such an outrage Bui,g»nilemen,thecasetsnotonlyoneofpeatinteresi to the plaintiff, but It likewise ts one of va* Imrjortance tothe defendant. H e is a married man. just tn the rirnra«r oft suited to death—they might find a verdict of manslaughter life, with no stain noon his previous eaaraeterao far as w smethods of stimulating if to the desired state of frenzy were adopted; until a t last the public were awakened a s if byanearthquakeshock, toAnd that treason hadbcoakiow. fu> si'ing s respectable trade for a livelihood, and aea> elatingwithhiswifeontermsrequiredbytheoonjugatrela-in the tlrat degree; or if they thought that angry words may have arisen between the pri-soDer aud the deceased,MR. EVABTS' AaOOMDrT.Mr. Evarts devoted himself more exclusively to tn*hi answer to a question propounded to Officer Hughes described the •bast! to b e about tear ss to h is wife eachmg music, that in th e middle inches.week his wife gave ber music lessons to th e afternoon, Dr Fisher deposed that tbe decsaeel w a s brought toCommodoremg>tnRelationsofixeSuuih-TneLe- «»aone,besaid.wbtehiotorJeredwith^""•"i«»-doingbusinessInBalticstreet,Brooklyn.Hetestifiedtorei«i ty ol the Stale, and is round in the constitutionorrbe evidence was here closed, and the Court adjsurncd Slavelawisright,andshouldbeexecuted;which should rymple.'JH*£g. Consist Rep69. DreJScottvs.Sand- tillthenextmorning.saylhatSouthernmen may lawfully take their slaves ford, 19How., 4*i0->, 4SR-7.) Tieconstitution orthe into the Territories, and that the decisions of the Supreme I'nited States and tbe federal statutes give no law on the C<uit must and shall be considered the supreme law of Subject. The federal constitution and legislation under it the land, such a Union meeting I could attend with plea-WEDNESDAY'S PROCEEDINGS.The Court r e assembled a t ten o'clock, when Mr. Wakemau immediately proceeded t o s u m up the case on the pari ol t h e defendant in a n able manner He occupied the Court about two hours and a half, bis remarks during this time beiDg listened to with the utmost attention.He waslollowed bythe counsel for the plaintiff—Mr. Jeliff— who stated the case to the Judge a n d jury in a n able manner.THE JrDOES CHARGE TO THE JTRV.Judge Ogden then proceeded l o deliver h i s charge t op|lacethemselvesinapositiontobebroughttotrialontheevidence of snch associates, they must take t h e conse-quences. In examining this testimony, the Jury must seeif tbe witnessestorthe prosecution corroborate each other,or whether there are circumstances which would amrhorise them In disregarding it altogether. T h e charge his condition to m e : b e ta 'd nothing to m e about gainst the prisoner is murder. All the parties who were his hope o r expectation o f recovery: I took t h eStatementoftheprisoner,which Isnowhanded tome-have, in principle ana theory, no concern with the dotnes- ituiions, t h e social basis, tbe social relations, the f mditions, which obtain within the several States. ual exceptions are special and limited, a n d provethe deceased, before taking it I told him be was to a dying condition.vho will be with hitnatd wkpagatmu him if he scrtbs on to have three millions of slaves turned loose in tbe Stiles,Urirvr.tohtflar.ct. But aiseh will depe-nl upon the at- to fill tbe prisons, and poorhoust s and almshouses of the terms, is limited to its special case, aud necessarily extitude<rttbeotherchampion*intb.itus,andifii.sees country,ortolivebyplunderonthecoaimunity.What, cludtsleueralinterventionineveryother.Tbecommonthat thk-y do not fiock to lus leadership, it Is r>y no maaus too, is to be his lot for ibe future in euch a case1 Is he totmjx>eeiblethatWalewskimayagainpopupoppositeto liveinoormidstasamarkedauddegradedbein,;, casewithinitslimits.(Cons.,art.1,fc17;Sommersef'sceedfdtolhep'acewheretheberrieswere'gr.xvtn?,leavinj beengivenbythedeceasedtoJanetogetchanged;that -o'clock;therewerealsointbeH«}Tiorstoretnadditiont>those Aatooeih.thatthebowingaadembracingpag>-antmaybe throughalltime,orarcwepreparedtoplace himoa an case,2fiHowStTrials,79,Kuightvs Wedderburu,id.,rtcommeuced,andthaithelistsmaybeclosed.Ailth>3,equalitywithus,c:\ilandsociallyvArcwereaayfor<}2,Forbesvs.CochranezB.&C,Hi;Shanlcyvs.Har-however, ia a great mj steryi It wuld be rash Ho prophecy amalgamation? vey, 3 Eden, 128; th e Slave tiraca, 2 liagg. Adra , 1 1 8 ,th'actionsofamantoAoitpomblyinaKateofevenmare 'Hemaintainsthat"ifthepermissionfortheexiatenca 104;StorvCuottLaws,§96;Co.Liu,124h.)fnesta-Hr. Hollyer, as *be supposed, at work upon an engra.im in nan-eil. ihe proprietor, Wm. i»eii. Chariea Matthewa aud .>oe hisstudio,orroomofbusiness:thatwhileshewaaoutoft'io Farrtll disposedofJacc Bradford,keepiug herinoni namedBell,whoseyivei.name1don>dknow;ttwasaooat bouse, he came to the tibaee where she waa and picked n ^ e bed while deeeasew was sitting o n t h e other a n d Jones twelve o'clock wben I waa atahbed, to tbe beet o f aty ree-Uee berries aaieb she could not reach, and then ooinmenc<>j.rt pro- hovering about him; s h e w a s then incapable o f saying lion 1 did not strike any bocv; I raoogulee th e man now pre cessofdalltaoeeandtaging.carressingandfuniling,which whattookplace,owingtohe.intoxicationandtheill sent,whosaysb*snameisJohnDonnelly,aathepersonwhoact.tr expectation than wr owrtelrt* can be-B u t , w h a t e v e r m a y b e t b e s e c r e t s p r i n g s o f t h e p u b l i cactwhichhasjustbeenanafuncedtoEurope,wecannotofslavery inany part or the Union bnacrime, itwas c o m m i t t e d a t t h e f o r m a t i o n o f t h e g o v e r n m e n t , a t t h e adoptionoftheconstitution,andbytheWashington,thetute law of this State effects an universalp r o s c r i p t i o n a n d p r o h i b i t i o n o f t h e c o n d i t i o n o f s l a v e r y '1she says, resulted iu the forcible vlolsuOuof her person, thatstabbed me last night CHAHLUS COBAMa.*but congratulate the Emjieror upon the very Grand Roger Shermans, the Hamiitons, tho Madisons, the Frank- SeigneurairwithwhichhelassettledthisaffairofPtate. lins, thellnckneysoftheland—bysuchmenasLiving-It ..w-d lo be one of the maxims of that highly polished i ston and Faterson, Srearly and Dayton, of his own nativeJudgeagainreferredto tbeevidence,andcontinuedto Thedyingdeclarationofdeceasedwasobjectedtoby M6. SIR St, p. «64, f>28; Dred Sent vs. Sandford. 10 lorn and atone, to realize ber degraded aad ruined eonit>tioo. say that the matter which tbe jury were to decide was prisoner's ooinsel, and the Court excluded it.How.,691-696. Laws1867,p.797.)Hremainsonlytobeconsideredwhether,undertheprinciples of tho law of nations, aa governing tho inter-course of friendly States, and a« adopted and incorporatedinto the administration of our municipal Lae, comity r e -quirt s the recogniuon and support o f the relation o f slaveowner and slave between strangers passing through ourterritory, notwithstanding the absolute policy and com-h e t h r e a t e n e d p e s t p e r s o n a l I n j u r y t o h e r i f s h « r « v » a ! a d S i s withinlitelimit*attheState (1K.St,p066.<>l;p.t59,'otJri.ce:andthenreturnedtothehouse,leavingberthere,for-u s a g e s h e h a d r e c e i v e d , u n t i l B e n j a m i n r e t u r n e d . T h eV. _. ^,_, ..-l,:.h/,ri>nllfanur M0 John xSwEftrState* a e ttt'h •TCrllrrJ cu$ttrtner> tt rack other Ci"' Uuj own of force aaainst rlgbt, or the taw of nations conftrmed to i miles distaat from tbe spot, and on the opposite std> of of the a»>* tostoeas, isiHsliil that the prtson-r bad bee.awirrci-awtr.llviic IDanyonp'easaotcraisthor->i*aa ArguwtatofMr.EwartaintneCourtot ta^oommuc policyunderthetametmpu»ewhichrti-e !>,a and this >H- M.afHni msk.a us si <p quite c->m The interest felt in tha case, aad the desire to hear Mr. dicavriut, elt<r-«liberto* wmfaveL Nostra jura m omm ff.rta andcircumstances wttb whtcb they may bean street, and said be ocoto tick any son of a there hefortah>,tl.O'^hw«area-areihaia1!un*sos—-tieasit mgl.t be lift, th" n-ghb •ro-o-l of Yanco»er's Hiaad.The >|. tbiier, treafy, a* u is calied, l m be^u an miui'era doctrines sustained on each side, d r a w n large attendance; b;e ob-tacle it. ih way ot o ,r Frerch trade, not om y iaci-fiieqi.ence o f the iiisabi:iu>a ther- b y itnp»s ' o n i t , hutbecause the spirit In which w e theu n-'gutiavd h a s bt*taalkiwei; to preside over tbe rest of our inu-rcours- withFrance Awiserspirita beginningtoprevail. Ittswellkn.wn that the Emiieror Napoleon is sincerely desirous otrelaxingtheheavyJuiKswhich impede theentranceofBitikbcotnaivoitM* into Franoe, aad it is hoped, on n ofeeble grounds, that he is prei>aring to set the monopourtsof umber and iron at defiance in the interest of the Frenchc o n s u m e r s g e n e r a l l y C a n n o t w e m e e t h i m h a l f w a v r 4Cut,*?*'** is or was, about to assemble, to determine thepontes of Europe, what if w e had a Congress to discussthe expediency of lb>se barbarous laws which make twogreat peoples almost stranger* to each other? Ir we wantaplenipotentiaryforthkpurposewehaveonealreadyontbespot. Mr.Cobdenisknowntobeonanintimatefootlag with the Emperor, suppose w e commissioned h im totalk over the matter and arrange terms with our augustecru libertcM dant fcuvrem. (Co. Lttt. u t s u p r a )tWd by an unexpected detection and arreat, aad hence Sedefenosof an alibi at reaoried to by a e a ^ t tO'Uwor and Mr. F'varte, recognized champions ofthabad something to b is band which anpeared to be a knife he reosived wttb irreat cauticm. B ^ gtintleaaea Cross examined b y Mr. §mitb—Went u» that Mo^e withaho alibi i s a defence o n which a n honest John Monaghan to s e e the raffle; was a t that tim» chaai to court yesterday and this morning. Several ladies were ,THE HEW JEKSEY BAPE CASE. may cling for protection against a false eeciarsUoo. fo r bcrmaui nt a "ladies' boarding bouse" in Ewhu street' apresent, snd were accommodated with seats near t h a clerks desk. It w a s evident that their sympathies, aa wellasthoseofUemajorityofthe sterner sex present, werewithMr.Evans'side.Conclusionof1teeTentlntomw—TlaeJndjte's Charge—Verdict ofttee Jury. HTJDSONC017MTT(N.J.) CtBCT/TTCOtTBT. Before Judge Ofdea.TOBSoaT's FaootanumtM r s M l a b e t h B e n n e t t , t t e t a r o f m e f t r l , w a r • # • * « * " -nd.cc* wtaere a ertine as proved to have beei ooiamltted, i theie is douto about the ideiidty of the perpefator, a patty ti wltb n may elear htsaaetf by proving, by trrefragIb'e n.v thatattheUmelaidbyhisaocawrshewasin ewliichwouldxaakehwpreaeneaatthespotabsetntely rxipoeaibie. 8o, also, asav aa honest man ahieid atssaelf from chargewilfullymadeagainsthim.byfahowingthatbe in an entirely dtflereot place B u t, g»ntlemea if tbeigcontrsdicttens between in* story of Harriet andtha v of tbe New York witnesses c0a5.be reconciled ena- fy w i t h a n y 1 a t i o o a l t h e o r y w h i c h t h e e a s e w t h s u s t a i n ,beyourduty,ssjurymen, to eflVot sacha reeaacflia . There Is on* part ahicb h a s n o t been alluded to b y esel «tich may, perhaps, throw oil oa the troubled waters" g contradiction. The girl sa'd the occurrence took on farurday. If It was done ia the morning th e alibi febefurthersaysthatattbetimeofherrioiatiwMrs. slyer w a a absent giving music lessons a t a plaeewas not a pistol that Doaoetly bad in hat hand - it was ant » atone; tt lockea like a knife.Tn Mr. Anthon-rbe boarding house was a reapsetaMe boose;ifitwasnotIwouldhavebad>othingtod.»withit. Officer Boyd deposed that b e a a d another i*> ic-maacatne to the scene and assisted ia carrying deceased late the boosa; arrastod the prtsvaer, tons M m to tar satUna bouse, searched bim sad found a scabbard is bis no-.net, Wide • bis handkerchief; there were wan* scratches on the prisoner's face; I did notsearch in Mallan's store; I searched outside the noose, bat did not ted anything.Cross examined by Mr. TalimaIge— r a* sheath was aar- row ann thin, and not large enough far tha tneataof a botcher's knife; tt was about nine tnch-e toogAfter Mr. 0'Conor (tb© principal points o f whose argu, meat I forwarded yesterday) had concluded hit opening^ M r . J o s e p h B l u n t s p o k e f o r a n h o u r s n d a h a l f . M r , Evarts followed, occupied the balance of the morning ses- sion, continued his argument at four o'clock, and had n o tIt wtt about the ninth or tenth dty sltor Harriet told her of tbe occurrence, tad about five or six dayt after Dr.concluded when the Court adjourned, a t six o'clock. H t McCready called; cannot remember the datoexacUy; Earresumesthismorning,andMr O'Conorwillclose.riet teM witness the occurrence took place the Saturday before she came home. Nothing further o f importance was elicited from this witness.The testimony for the prosecution here closed, and the case was opened for the defence in a brief address to thejury by one oftbe counsel for tbe defence.Tbe first wttnem called was John Pate, a pinto printer,Tbe District Attorney stated that t h e •heath had beea the Knghab Neighborhood. M r. Hollyer tos mislaid at tbe Coroner's office.William Wellstoodtestified incorroboration of Mr.T^Ato'ft evidenceS. Lee Perkins knows Hollyer; was also present on t h eoccasion alluded to by Mr Pate.Mr. Nichols sworn—Is a n Inventor; lives a t the Bel-mont House, Fuiton street, New York; has known Holl-yer nine years; saw him at Pate's place on the day in densely crowded.nuiied for your decision is one of great interest aud Importanceui both i ai ties. The trespass which has been charged upon thei-i, •M;ant Is moat aggriCaled In its character and in tha surmtntiror cl'Ciunstaneea. The plaintiff allege*, aad has so tea-o:.ed. that she was under the protection of tee defendant andhis wife, who lived at Ball's Ferry, on the banks o f the findson, in Ibis State, abcut half an hour's sail from the Spring f-tairs ntid w a s killed. I f s o , there i s nothing t o con- street ferry, in New York: that ber mother is dead and ber nect these parties with the transaction The Judge father away, she having been taken and cared fir by a marriedescaping into another." (Const. L" S , art l . , s e c 2 . subd.1and3. Art 4,sec 2.subd.1and3. LawsofShaveStat ~s,and of Free States, on Slavery. Ex parte Simmoi s.lW .CCR., 39«. Jones vs. Van Zandt, 2 McLean,697. Uroves v s . Slaughter. 16 Peters, 6«6, 50S-410.I'nggvs.Penn,16Pet,011-12,622-3-5. StraderVB.Graham,10How,82,93. NewYorkvs.Wiln,11,Pet,Aprillast shewent to bernewborne,thaiherIn- defence,thatthismanfelldownstairs,thentheprisonermastery oftbeslavoowner andthesubjection aftheslave.(StoryContl.laws,§38.Bk.Augustavs.Earle,lioDs.HewassuddenychargedbyaninmateofBisandthattheblowwasgiveninthebeatofpassion—and wouldlickanybodythere;theprisonertsablanketTo eontinue and detend the status, then, within our terri-sail! more disagreeable grudging compi»it,i .•••»•-.-, v u -reasonable iwewms, w e shall not And ara-Mig •o- -, i'•:.•,; In tb - '•<•i sive attitude of the South I, for one, will against justice, is vain, and his captive is free, t h e law What aid can yon derive frem mrrooortilog or from condemn- prisoner was sun struck gsome time ago, and when h e In-Saeti one toea'-y Count Walearskt eittier hw i»v >-»».- tu* tart ne. TheF.mpetor#ftbeFrauchdeservesallora.so for heme * generous master; hepays generous y (or ser-itiicd i.. rs a friend to thn last gasp of my axis of nations, built upou the law of nature, has adopted thising ebcumstances on either eirle? Ibe defendant bas at-teinp ed to ihow, by the u-aiiiu my of OaUiarine Wilteri ayoung girl llvlna i» the Letgoborhood, that on Wonday, the llthof July, the plaintiff was iu her usual health and spirits, doingan errand at ibe butcher's shop, half a mile distant from M r.Hoilyer'a house, which, it true, militated against Harriett's sented in writing. condition o f having lieen seriously injured o n Saturday. T h steuce. M •••i .. ii*.-iiliition of tbe I nion is inevitable, th»iii iwouldt.i.veiuulinesofseparationdrawnalongtheHud- eon sad tbe lakes, rather than the Potomac and the Ohio.same view of the status of slavery, as resting on force againstright, andfindingnosupportoutiideoftbejoris diction ot the mujrivipal law which establishes it. A State proscribing the status of slavery in its domestic system,dulged in liquor he became unconscious. Lovejoy and the prisoner were intimate friends, and the former r -quested Mr. Tallmadge to beg o t tbe Court to discbarge Crowley.vioea rendered We-have laoceys and tluskes t to whom ! 1have no doubt that in such an event the Northwesternfripperies are sometimes teas wisely thrown, but our pub-lic nana envy neither foreign norduonsu: courtiers. IStateswould unite with NewJersey,Pennsylvaniaand hasnoapparatus,eitheroflaworofforce,tomaintainthoThe Court directed that these statements most be pre-the South. 1will stand bythem because they are right; relation between strangers. Ithas no code of the slave There Is s pleasure tnbdtoog pirt iu the wonting ot a froa ' 1stand by them because they have tho coastitutinn and owner's rights or ot the slave's submission, no processes goverameat\aktckinly*jm?ptcpUiancomprehend,andIthelawontheiraide—onthesebulwarkswewidplant tortheenforcementofeither,norulesofevidenceoradju-ANOTHER CHARGE OP MTRPER.John Donnelly was indicted for the murder o f Charles Cobsne,tnWestSixteentbstreet,onthenightofthe23thwtrtab at qotte apart from, *od cauuot be measured or re- I our standard, and dety the hosts of fanatics. The quee- " b y , money o r titular disUnotioas. Count ' turns a t Issue now between the South and the antl slaverydication in tho premises, no guardhouses, prisons or whip- ping pints to uphold t h e slave owner's power aad crush the slave's resistance. But a comity which should recog-plaititiii'. on examination. adml<s that»he wasperfectly wellon th e occasion spoken of b y that witness; s h e recol-lectsgoiDg formeat,butsheswearsthatitoosurredoathe Monday before the 4th of July, aad not on tee of October last. Mondayafterthe4tb. Datesherearematerial,andyoumustIbaa all oar goad wishes In h i s retirement W e hope that he now carries off vith him upon his travelsnot only a a pecatona, and his latle lirsameatof stara, I United States shall be recognized as supreme law, taal theaadbisdoublerentroth,butalsothelasthopeof Austria ifugitiveslavehawshallbeexecuted,andthattheyshallbetorestoretheGraadDukestoModeaa,I'araxaand Tos-!freetotaketheirslavesintotheTerritories,whicharesett,e. which of me tw o witnesses was most Itkelvtobe m'»- taken. i'onUadlctory testimony should always be received by a jury, if they comistently can do so, because" the law abhors perjury. Now,Itwasuncontradictedbeforeyouthattne platanswassosickduring Mondaynigh'thollthofJuly, tha*.Mrs.Bolversentforapajaidan.andthatonTuesday morning Mrs Hollaer wart to fsew York and informed M m Bennetr o f the plalntifT's severe sickness. You must say whe-Thefollowingjurorswereswornparty seem to be few but of great imoortauee. The SouthdemandsthatthedecisionoftheSupremeCourtofthe niseastatusthatcansubsistonybyforce,andyetrotuse1. Charles Saybolt.2. Christian T Pfelffer.3.HenryRornaine.4. JacobM.laird.6.JohnDrinker.6. John Love.- Mr.JohnHAuthonopenedthecasefortheprosecu-the force to sustain it, is illusory. If we recognise the fragmentofslaveryimported bythe stranger,we must adoptthofabricofwhichitIsafragmentandfromwhich7 Joseph A. Sweetcsr.8 Jas. R . Barthoieasew. 9.Ed* O,Bradbury.Intbefaceofthefactthat4,000,000,000ofpropertyatitheSoothconsistsofslaves,theyproclaimtheabsurdfal-Ilacythatthere-canbenosuchpropertyinman. Theyi say that the original titleto the negro being foundedonj rohbery, it i s therefore voM. By this process o f re&soo- Surrogate mint administer t h e slave a t assets, i f t h ) bsve been on tbe Moodsy *he refers lo Catharine—who (aysof an* Southern fettaw-dtlams to take their Tarrttort««,aadtoinprotectionoftneUnitedStaua**t*ru, >h'ttkl concede -'specifictariff'thanthatofwhichtormad, indispen- bsmade,ornomicil tbe power to a x the civil ttatosof notrequireourlawttouphold, therelationofslaveownerand Thisprincipleonlyrequiresus(1)to quecoesiareferencetosubjectswithin oaroaa tionfasfaxanmaybedonewithout»m,wi,~w, ticinterests.)ofthestate,saltwafahttad:and(1) thestatusitselfIsbroughtwithin ourlimits andis permnsibtoasadoi»estKstatoe,te raoagalaame lawasanauthenticoriginandsupportither>atureofthlnga.be aeeompanied with some certain sur roundlngsmdieariveoftheoffeatse.whichcanbeprovedby third parties. Tbe rale of law applicable to suel thepialoutTmuetprovetheaettohavedonebytaresand againstherwill,insaostcasesailtolahas* theprosecutrix,withoutanyixberevidence 'tobeprovedbyCharles Cobane (the deceased) sitting o a the rail wttt hisarmcreasedunderhiebellv,Iwenttohimanilsaw thathehadbeenstabbedinthebream;habrother my selfandanothermancarriedhimintothehouseandii rantorDr.W**: wedidnot aeyatoe^wonad'i?4 bellyuntiltheDoctorcame:the"patoajng. wereont,andthedoctorpattheminagaiupeals do not intend to holdall Mm preaomtmoa which are therestatedasreasonsforthejuddmeat given. Afur fullreflectionsndexamination ofthecasescited. Itap- pearstobemomconformabletowhatMfltttogsadproper^.^.^"•P^?*'"***•'tothl,-'ll"» prtoopiesda- eterodlathecamreferredto,aadleaveteaplaiahtfe» resorttotheCourt ofAppeals nseh*,V thsatolntUftto 1* vr that tbe etreeaaswaasW, which In many imf****** particularsdauiaguiahthiscansfromtanTwaaer,wall,•may can bejurisdic-a(jcattaunmgniajTitaehere,wdhsnchtraitsasbelongtothat relation Bate; yet, mtiillaini marriage or polygamy, ana»y the rawfnl in the foreign domHal, caneot be held as a lawfulof tn*mot tteelfto corroborateber.Thequestionofguiltor nnoseneetsthusaaapeadedontbecreditwatchshouldbegt •tosarteatimoey.andthatcreditmustbelefttotbejur; 17,t»beJndawdby(bow*ia)•*"PTM****-theprisonerIt in m a tamTsaown mind, without conwctiag with tho opmton «f * * j court of tost resort, 1therefore direct jademeat here* J for the defendants, with costs to tha o>feodaut« The K« • • York and New Haven Railroad Cotapnay, who kav« so-Bl|htitheT«Ts?»eTt)w^to.wtwl bJ|bjo(btt 0*17^^ W«i^l^WStrvredherein, wu,|^",' w \pric1 quattion, abandon, anjab^nm meatm*,' smt\ ** *eb ,n ! wM mr?,aL!,7J *H* >"* *****we*h>»oarv practical a n d efficient to B.continninf>elati<« V,el»^eAa%Ua,av,lQa,a-)la3s.)* l , **«•*** • T«-Thomas M. Tryniski 309 South 4th Street Fulton New York 13069t fraternalhere.(StoryCoat. Laws suctionstaaony ot soother character, which, if trua, 14•r^toy-te*w. tW+5kTvk^mS?i£ -i-a.» .a.* t w 9 ; ^ ^ w m «*••• or ton to my party thatorforce,tbeownermusthavereplevinforhimortherifthecausenfh-rsufferingoriginatedonHatnrdav,she trover for hisvalue. Ifa creditor obtain a foreign•lawMobwaareallinterested,aadwatchduservasiworth*Waattnatallwrestedbyforceorfraudfromtheslave, hrthoowner,enforcingobedieneotohisca- terionn.NoriirraDtaappeartohaveheespicked,ontheMon-sooercameintothestoreandintothe)lackroomwhere weweresitting;heaskedIftherattle wasgoingon;the proprietor of the store satd there would be no raffle that night,astherewerenothands enough; Donnellysaidh* would give $5 to any one who would win t h e pistol; wit- ness's brother said b e would give $ 6 to any one who wouldwinit;theprisonerofferedtomybrothertothrow for the pistol between them; I said that won id not be fair; theprisonertoldmetoshutmymouth,anIwasonlyasnyknowledgeofthetruecharscterotthecertificate, andbelievingutobegenuine. Thestockvandulytrans-H^L10*^lheMLln*B <*£*.Clark,DodgeA-bothe •*••••**•b» theusualtransfer,executedtotheofficeof tneatsatpaay, t b e transaction being sapermteaded a a d consented to by the usual clerk in tbe transfer otuce, but nonewcertificatewastakenoutTheloanwasthen made, and Morris n o t baring repail tt, and tha Company havingdeclinedtorecognisethecertificateertoadmittoeauais*uallypaidwit.Intbenra*place, Iaboriginal luoiatr that isproperty which thelaw.prices, maimorslayhisslave,wemustadmitthestatus as a plea in bar to the public justice. If t'ae»lavc be trie<!forcrime,uponhisowner'scomplaint,ahetesti- monyofhisfollowsiaveamustbeexcluded. Bsheslave be imprisoned Or executed for crime, the value. Uk >n b ydayafternoonntiefthe4ihof.Inlv,noristhereanyproofthat cairants were expected to have been pieaed by her oa that day.Thedefendanthasalsoattemptedtoimpeachherchar- acterforchastity,bythetestimonyoftheoldGermanneighbor and the lhtle boy, both testifylog to her lewd and unbecoming conduct in pubhe. If their statements are true, such IndelicacyI caffniMs aa such, and any other doctrine is subvers ve of Igovernmentandtneparentofanarchy. Thenallthatre- mainsofthecontroversyistheclaimoftbecitizenofthe S L L W ^ ^ S J ' S ^ w w t o o C p r o a t s . wouli find * larger I South to esatgriite with lus slava property to the coram HIattachmentagainsttheslaveowner,thesheriffmust setas aod sell the slaves. If the owner die,themotionintheintervaloftime(ofMonday),beforeshewastheprisoner,deceasedandothers,atMilion'sgrocery prostrated on her bed, as Catharine wattera represents bar to store, 220 West Sixteenth street.oftheCompany'sstock,datedthatday(beingoneof behuyler's fraudulent stones), a a d that upon t h e faith of tt, and after iMistlns; that the stock should b e trans-tnleJa.iTMy£L}V*2BcaaTJsU rViFJUku TCtstM ftQAtjsMmtu JftrjifiimtfHi rflkA AltI* fcVxJ£**^la°'Ul' "dcaaasutsupra,)Sheprinci-H^""*<»» •"«"oTihetr*rti-taUntitled Documentamoney can do it, ana properly pumshing the vile wretch who DurlLg the absence of the jury in tae case of Jones, the wiii sacrifice an exposed girl to bis beartly lasus. if tbe trial of Krank Fowlorand John Gilbert, charged on thehim say "1 can lick any son o f a b—,'' but 1 beard no re- mark of that kind; I saw nothing ta Donnelly's haud.Cross cxammed—1 don't know where Donnelly went after be went down the street; 1saw luui afterwards, and stood by the officers who were dispersing the crowd.Rf direct—The next 1 saw o f him n e w a s o n the side-andurqurati.inablydeniedthatheeverhadsexualloterooursewiih the plaintiff, or ever attempted any liberties with her persou. You have before you, too. a girl fourteen years of age,provedbyth*rprotonofaveryreliableaodexperiencednrac-tiemg physioiari to have oeen cohabited with, charging tha'. ear-nil know'ed^e ot her person upon th e de{end»n», o^ a d a y manslaughter In the third degree. We learn that the jurybecause if she has told the truth, he ts rui ty of the trespass. plea of not guilty ana pleaded guilty. It appears that the^imbetrnposstbia. toassawsh a s he was a t # | h a o rrushedoutonthestreetandthrowndown. Noneofthast baa p ^ e ^ o w n system of the odious and violent injo^ the igae's defence, and it Wtoet usually is reaor ed to by proved that the stab had b*#* inflicted b y the pwaner.witomeetaadrepel(sofarasthaton***wHJavailthedoorofthestorewhen thetVjrhtwas gotmronlathewilldeterminewhethershscorrectlylaidthetimelathefrominflammationofthesbdornrn—peretiaises,aaittoThe jury immediately retired, a n d after an absence of flammation of t h e right lung, a a d there w a nthree hours returned a verdict of $1,300 damages for the plaintiff.(whether there was a murder committed, and If so, se-condly, whether the prisoner committed that murder. The Charles Cobate. being sworn deposes and says—I am a la-borer, snd live at ?9 Ninth svepne; I am a statue man; f wewt lain the liquor store of eiwen Vaileo. ta Mxtaeotb steeat. be- tween Vigaib and > it lb aveuuea, about nine o'eoek last ev«a- tog, for tbe purpose of attatodto* ta»raO»gOf apisaal; I found in the store twobrothers, of thecame o?Mot'artoay,aad two brothers of the name of Monaghan; m y brother snd tin e girlj named Mary Monaghan, Marsh Dewiae and (aibai-ine battel, and the mother o f Mtss Dawise; a t a lit- tle after eleven o clock the tw o prisoners eame tn, wboae namea, 1 unaeraumd. a r e Mcoinn and Uonaeilv. aod wa<ii I have teen oefore: they were in liquor, as indicated by their •etiocs. a n d eommeeeed rlgbt a«ra* t o quarrel about t h e raffling with some other parties, I was in the back room, sit ing on a settee, smoking; when I heard the confusion an i inarreTling I ran out into the itore. tbey were than npon the sMawalk, andIwentoutaadfount thempuUlunandfighting, hoidixtgeachotherandstriking-,Ithentriedtoseparate thasa. and while a o engaged I received two stabs one o a theupperpartoftherijtbtbreast,acdar.otberinthelowerre- gionofthebowels:thelittlemangavem»the stabs:they wereliHr given rise lo ibis suit. Sheinsists that on theihaofJuTjlasttorsHollyergaveherdirectionstngnoutup-;n'he cd'y amurdercommitted. Anotherquestioniiwhether fveninquicksurrestinc.Isawaninstrumentiabebandbatgroundsbelongingtotb»housewhereihey'ive-ian'itether (Jamurder)theprisonerwasthepersonwhocvtmnutted enticottellwhatkindofaninstrumentttwaa;1beganto some raspberries, that after thl« direction this lady—Mrs. Holl- it The evidence of all th e witnesses showr*lhat Janes Stagger fcbortiy afterward* fell pain; m y bowels proWadedyer—went to tbe rnglisb .Neighborhood, to cive music lessons aiid Farreil were in the room, and remained there; that and swelled up, and I felt the blood trickle froa my breagt. I toeoroepupilswhomshewasteachi-g.forIhepurposeof wasthencarriedbackIntotheliquorstoreandmybrother eainina;iKmiethitigtowardsthesupportofthefimilr;ih&rshe theywerecogmaantthatatwodollarbill,aboutthe wentforDr.Webb;heandVt-Ttansnpeonbothcame,aadad-obeyeflthedirectionsgiventoherbyMia.Hollyerandpro- genuineness ofwhich tome doubt wasexpreasod,had visedmyremovaltothishospital,whichwasdooeabouttaoThaiteastotheinstincts<>ffearsheeoscealedthebaseactftmdetection, until havingsickenedfrom theeffects of her violation,andbecomingsubitcilomedicaltreamem,whichfacialetu>ai examination of ber person. The secret o f her suffering*w*s (tisvorered iiconUbei»g manifest that see had been o -hahl'ed with: whereupon she relatel to ber sister the revolt-ing fsets, inenlpaling this defendant, which have been sworntoandcommentedoninyourbearing Itthisbeiiu«—ifthe abledoubttewhichthepri?iaerisentrtied. Thenthere not,Mona-banSaidhewouldgive$5toaayboiywho delen.tHctcommutedtheactwhichtheplaintiffh*acharged wasthehoeingofthedoo.fastenedontheinside,the winthepistol;CobanestruckDonnelly,andseveralper- him «ith under oath as a witness—he is guilty of .he aasault alleged attempt of Jones to e&cape from the window, and sons assisted kicking and beating bim when he aa- down. and battery, with tbe aggravations set forth In thu dectaratloaithetestimonygivenonbehalfoftheprosecution,withthe exception that tbe brothers Cobane, assisted b y others, first knocked Donnelly down o n the sidewalk, and k l < M himwhenbewasdown.] Hehadnoknifeaboutbin, they beat a n d kicked h im s o much that b e was very- bloody—that h e went into M r. Riggs' liquor store to wash himself; while he was there the policeman came andarrestedhtm:hedidnotsayinMalleusstorefiathacircumstances,andweigh wellalltheevidence.The Court ttien deftued the l a c of murder. If th e jury bad any doubt a s t o whether there w»* a n intent to kill—but inanattemptto robthemanhes.-uckablowwhichreproceedibBS had originated on tbe criminal side of ourcourts, t>e defendant would have been left without thepower of contradicting the testimony of the girl bvhl>soivneath, bemuse a party tried itnon a n Indictment is n>tpermlltrdlobeawitnetsforbaself. Butthelawladitf*rent incivilactions, andhence Mr.Holly*- wasplacedon. JONESCONVICTEDOFMANSLAUGHTERINTHETHIRD walk. the wttntiK stand hi his «wn defence. U e h a s most poaiiivelyJAN. 28— The jury came into court this morning a n d renderedaverdictof notguiltyofmurder,but guiltyofMor^rr.^.£?^ ^ i l ^^^ *»/0o5veraear probablywiuilehavebeenasbuoyanttnspl'ltsandlivelyla tion,bywhichitappearsthatadifficultyarosebetween Morrisfbraloanof$20,000onacertificateof270sharesWhjr eaanot we do mora trade with fraao*' This i s I ing, what ts the t tie o f every man in America to his farm shave give birth t o otlbpiiDg w e have a native born that she remembers th e time—remarked that she w a s In a Patrick Monaghao deposed that there was to be a raffle ferred to them o n t h e books prior t o making the loan , jnasuan, and probably savors of simplicity, but it is hurrylogoback,becausesbehadtopickcurrantsintbeaf- atMaliins"onthenightofthe28thOctober,1869;thepri ^a."**** *>»**e •*«*tanatarsixtydaws,without•J^havaaetthjecjoo w a little more cusl >« fna •i»iS!?S"** •*°*eastoraersthehigheroarproMs •IT- i S J L - J t ' ^ *»* tocreaand amooat o f business, toachaawof t^nZm^mtS^^^JfJ1 TM nM»of«awomeT.,b^ f^r^S^^mT^ta^U2 twenty,itu•* dtsVaaa „^ ^ «*»• -«*J--f-ji-t rtniamiMi __^^"*ssaasatuf/ht paytmiff*. iwaweusBg aowawatajat Qa^aMaraAHi^M we have reasons of the very ateaMwZi k ^{cbvmsitasaright.SupposeitisconsideredbytheNorth at a concession, what does it amount to? « • • • Aspotmciansaadhonestpatriots,ourhighestdatyistoprotect,defend andupholdthe Union. Washingtonde- claresittobethepalladiumofliberty. Itisso,ifthere besnchathingaathephilosophyofhistory.vatepropertytakenforpublicuse."Everythingornothing is the-demand from our comity; everything o rnotbjngmustbeouranswer. Theruleoftholawofna-tionawhichpermitsthetransitofstrangersandtheirpro-pertyabroacha rrh-ndlymate doesnotrequireourlawttoupholdtherelationofslaveownerandslavabetweenstatements,tendingtocriminate Mr..Hollver withan offence ot the character here alleged. But if you are not pre- paredtobelievethem,andaresatisfied,fromthewholecom- pilationufthecase,thatthose•toneshavebeen manufactured fortheoccasion,suehcoovictioionyourpartshouldoperate alronglytoconvictthedefendantforbisattempttomisleadyou byproofsderivedfromfalsewtliisassa Theooonaeiforthehog; I said, «'Perhaps I was, but I was rightoftheplaintiffstothestock,thisactionwasbrought,territory of the United States if he sees I t to d o so H e the State most be maoe good to the owner, sa far " pri- and wantonness should make you hesitateas to the truth of herIamforpeace—IamtortheUnmo—aadthereforeIam for concession if eoaceaslon will ensure peace. Tbe North•traneern, By the law o f nations men are not the subject defendant, who has summed u p th a ease be/ore y o u withorproperty. Bythohawofnationsthemunicipallawwhich markedability,hastcalledyourattentiontoothercircumstance*, brother)couldn'tpreventhim; theycommencedquarrol- ferofthe270 shares. Thefollowing dectetoawas ren-dered b y the Court:— Wcoounrv,jratios—IftheprtoctotosaatlsrodIntheonly opmton which was delivered m the Court o f Appeals InihecaseoftheMechanics'Bankagainst tbepresent deCsndanto(8Kernan'sBeo,twt,) ateappliedInthatr fullextenttothiscam.Ihavenotbeenabtotoavoidtbe coaclnsiOBthatthedefendantsshouldhavejudgment:easwhich h e properly h a s maiated a r e entitled l o your ling and agreed to fight', prisoner challenged m y brother 'faaenst* Taay asa raiin. • infuriated with a passionate, almost irreligious fanau- ""**« • " * * • •««*«* of property in limited w.fr*. the earatnl attention. It ia true that tbe offence of rapedealofeipensa.IaatoM ensntheSouth,maddenedbythecertaintyofthehorri- KT'S.^!6 "2*2tn»tnbyiteterritorialiur*4«- issoheinoustoMscharacter that public policy andtheywentontoathesidewalk;Iwentaltarthem*mV2f***'*' ble results which m a t fanaticism threatens, is assuming nfssiiawa,maraiussmnos Toavert aba tn-and Individual security permitr r f urge that sceneawtobava- ws«wswanaatnaawssbawWwisBwsw4to^and s a w them clenched; several others oasne o u t ]polled,mybrothertoseparatethem;theprisoner struckateandIstruckbim; Iwent at him as hard asIwasable,somepersonsgotholdofmeandpalledme awayM- the prisoner andTost Cobane •—nhni to-gether,andothers endeavoring Itma.Bythetaw of nations, than,the strangers standtherwosecutru, inteatta* heroredlbtttty. These d-mm nscsmartly dtilsr,andmust dtflsr. with differenttoatsasstr»Ueh oswer wttb that (•statsnJndaa rand to tha8 Ta^Si^Lt^^? ^f o rnot a fat one.'' my brother, John Monaghan,claimingthatthecompanywasliabletnanactionon the askedhtmifheknewwhohewasspeaking,to,and easefarthefraudofSchuylerinmdacingthetoaaupon that be should not call me a hog; the prisoner said he (qay •he faith o f the false aad fraudulent certificate and trans-whatevermaybemyopinion, ualafloaaced bythatd#- butitIsrequire*thateverysuehatrociousaetmust,in crossiDg the Mdewask n few niter, and saw caiou IdonotfeelatlibertytosaythattheCourtofAflady.Dr. 8;birmer examined—I tor* the dying declaration o fbe made bis mark t o that declaration, which w a s readTHE CASKFOBTHSDSTtQICa.Thomas Donnehy called and examined—I ass no rela- www.fultonhistory.com 