 *God himself in thebondmaids which thou shall have shall be of theneed not lear tbe remilt. And let the action of that that the of Alabama and South Caro-the same object, evlncfi a de=igii to reduce them under absolute uespolisin, it is their rlnht, it is their duty, to throw ofl' such Government, Chrowing Unpopularity of the and to provide new guards for their future security.time when the in of men identiucd i>rescnce CongressiiIstrTihpen herofthebenefitoflbs Uiiiled it Is said, her citlzansDisunion Movement.exclusively Statfs. Of course this will be at onceA4JoiinuBCA«lilBlii I^glslanire.constituents. In the Union they have aern Slates. To prove Ms, let fSactsbe submitted to a Menbegaii to march down to the Congaree House of the Confederacy present its nttiniatum, and then, superior alliances, no overwhelming array of forcesduly. Of course, as aneompeUed to levy a tax these uponKEITT'S'LlSTSPBEeeof Independence.A SENSIBLE VIEW FROM MISSISSIPPI.the of a relentless faaati- dictatesGovernment. Such a Convention should be,fer to this fact get playing8«ath CaroliBB—Blarjiaaa will aat c«an> taBSBce DiauBtaB.•facial Diapaleh 10 tb* K«w-Toik Tlnus. BAI9UI0U, Tunday, Nor. 13.bifonnation from Chaileaton says the wildestA number of th': Northern States largeof the North. It has been in Ihe Astor House that the \ arlous schemes for the destruction of Slavery have been concocted by Skward, Wxed, Hal£ and Greeley. And it has been the coluinuB of the Tribunelayed, and we ctierish the hope that a more con'^nra- live feeling will be manifested in the delioeratlons of;Flagstagnant. Not a slsgle bale of cotton was beingshipped North on Southern account. Every tUixUman wears a cocka^, and only two Unionist votersare known in Charleston—one an old retired Scotchloerchant, and tbe other a native Carolinian. The gress, by levjing onerous and excessive- duties uponproclaimstluougUerjuientforeshadowcd publicajiism.preponderating against a dismemberment of the States.odious a.^ it i.s,may be to our rights and mortifying to our pride as breach uf would render the of theundisgui^ed gfc*- ic- served lo the States. They are net lev true to Oa South because also troe to tbe Union. ds aot(tocks are further dq>res8ed.andagainst the constituted authorities*my the laws. We shall have the power and influence ofitintheUnion. Andit isbecauseoftheirderatioB, both to the State and the Federal Goremmeot, that tliey will not make an issue wliich cannot unite the** of the people of Virginia ought to preserve a masterly continue to nold the officeKentncfcypnMaryland, Virginia, 94(XI each."and North Carolina, to (300 orVery respectfully yours. BENJ. J. HEUIOT.a on the brink of a — us, as affree and son did not weaken the Executive arju iu the South, strength may be cheerfully put forth for our mutual of people who stand great penlcart-wheel.___^^^^^ S.lawsThe Breckinridge men are not all for dlsunlonism,deep anxietyIn Seath CBroliiia—Tlolent of Speechholdmy est strength lay in the fact tlial he was known to des-FeeliBfKellt—Adjonmntent of ike liegialature.CoimilA, S. C, Tuesday, Nov. 13. Mr. Keiit was serenaded by the people at 12civil ing prompt and decided action. He said that Mr. and scientific character for the General Government,as some of tlie exctsswes seem tothink. His great-the State sovereignRc^pectfully, GEO. W. EG LESTO.V. o'clock last night. lie made an exciting speech, urg- To thr Editors of the Charleston Cohtut:pisewereruiminghim. JudgeAlosxoS»vd£B,ofTensasBucHAHAir was pledged to secession, and would be heldtoit. SouthCarolinashouldshatterthearcur»ed HBloh, Ifshecouldnotaccomplishitotherwise,she would throw her arms around the pillars of the Con- sUtntlon, and involve all the States in common ruin.ful, andcan be knownRtfublicaH figures Dooslas slightlirJAciisoK, Mis«., Tuesday, Nov. 13. Gov. I'ETTUs hasand resolutions, vvnich were unanimously ence ol our own section. Wo for the former; a matter det plv aliecting the weltare of thi.^ co:n-for the lives, lil,.,rtit- than the late .kction ;mdof f.xereiesiiiK it ;men aie mure liiMiosed to suffer whileguardssippi,Northern Slate goviTnmei.ts proniise.eviU arc suf-thf "1 1'NBWSPArER IM)IC.\TION>.PROPOgED DICLAKATION OK 1NIiepk.\i>k.Mk oy SOrTU CAROLINA.Franitht Waskinglon Con.ititvumi.A citizen of South Carolina ha.s sent n.'- the foHow tng as one ef the proposed forms of declaration uf in-and peoplesippi. South Carolina, Georgia and the other ] ," J,tipiiUwasown Cieu.BviAocK,QuartermasterMoea.n,and-Majorand properly of Missis- past action of theto be submitted to the Convention which s-n.Guard,of Boston,dependenceIs to meet on the 17th proximol,.y iel,,.;r:iph to our Senatorssuggests the following plan to accomplish the en:ispleWhen, in the course of human events, it becomesIIIn the meantime, in view of the aciiou of tlic South Ciiyguests:theirI he iLiB i.f GiorKia was at tliis moment borne intoaimed ai" A majority (tf the Senate of the United Slates con-to the Uniondoubtless, so remain,From the Nov. 9. Memphis Bulletin,bttnds which have connected them with another, and ^•'"."'forliil, may tjo iniaoineilVVithi'Ut that quorum no law c:iii pass, no rc'^oluliun gency which I hope and believe there i> no reason to what will Mr. BtcuAHAii do? What course wiil the day afternoon in the I'arlL. The Company was es-We hold tliesa truths to be self-evidentalthough all men are created wholly uneiiual, incn- spiritci; aialress.to en- clo.=e of the re- from the -Ith of March next- By the absence of every lot g as she can do so with honor and safety, but to I hoice. Of course the President has the power oi PiRLET Poors, all of Boston. At tiictally, morally, and physically, yet they arc all equally entitled, under eveiy civllixed govenmitnt, to the full protection of their lives, persons and property, forWM. I.AIOLEK, KSll.. then nr.-.n.,. i resolutiou. which wUl^^^.H^^^^V^^. .. l-^ t'S'being able to welcome a Boston rompany to the caty,and the Captain upon the fliw appaar-are solely in.'rtituted iimoogDjen,derivingtheirjustpowerssolelyfromform of goven.nient becomes destructive of these ends, it is Ibe ripht of the j^toplp to alter, or to abolish it, and to insituteancw government, l;ij iug its founiiation onfor the common But then, it is to see that su.-h a pol cy v.irietv of ciolmions the-which protectionsovcmutcntsto l»'-i.';^atiininfall on tne South. But we fanall*'''oftheNorthtoafullcom- wefere.red, bythe whftlem^t throu»!h with ath€' consent of the sovcmed that whenever ;i^tatcin reference to tbe 'all uf n ("i.nv-i,, .,,.have on broughtno caufc hasof ihe nverihrow of the noble*!! and mki-: Ui h rt.-ipnrawaken aanl^'f'^^^^^^lJ',^^^^^(,i:«r! returned home last ni*itanyytt (J.jvernmcnt ever cst.:bji-:hed.yn.pathy DerS'taies. Hi',=^^7e"^.Sn.I a i .scfliciciupUn. We ainc '.imc lliL' Inrcll-:JiiiineSenator fromCiovernment of the country is at a sund-stillpreparedonlyCapt. Moop.1,that,S1J-, loHuHedMack.ith in athe South, and the Senators from C lU- stantlview-Ipira«vretiscuaflfleyrendulaltilIyf as', a*;and while mutchohsefroigmhtusn,warrantablethieny-Nati'iXal Gcard—Rkview btjI{|jpurelyclared befoie the openlyelection, thatLincolnis doobt- for severalahead,The ButtttiM.W)t Ifeto^lotkiime^.PRICE TWO CENTS.such principles, and organizing Its powers in such MCNP, Esq.. H. R. Carroll, Esq., ;in.! iti#eloi|UPnt; godless community, they will realize what they hive all, not only by the abundant blessings of the present Cfrt policy which the Federal Executive can now nar-TOL. X.--'AO. 2855.THE SOUTHERN EXCITEMENT. form as to them shall seem most likely to effect their \hv iruaitut-ioiigu'.i Jacesun, of OeorgLi. who wa^ heretofore ridiculed.**moment, but by the sacred memories of the past andthe of the fuiurc. great hopessue toward the rebellious State, is to leave hersafety and happiness. Prudence, indeed, wibe changed for light and transient causesrccrivea ;i wavt!.i,'»>f hats and thr ^rn-^'ra!.It}iur- *^ertiiinly be a, Imi- tate that governments long established sliuulJ notand accordingly, all experience hith shownFrom the Baltimore American, Nov. 13.IKakkjW. of nporgia,i\ho wa.s also received with all The Lrjtgt Aivices fr«in the Tarions that mankind are more disposed to sufr.-r the (JemoiJvtraiicuK of joy antl tlclight.SMthtt-D States.States should be postponed, for it Is well understowl, There is but one explanation of the course pursued railroads of South Carolina penetrate into the ftJtola-Federal Government. The history of the present Delegation* received them with a fewand people, and let the object be a final and uni^hnngeable the Senate, or In the more turbulent Hall of;;:scarcelytU* t>e less than instant conunerciri ruin.•f tbe Soatli Caro- Northern States la a history of repeated injuries, in- sults and usurpations, all haviiig a direct object in thepertiaent elo<iuent remarks. The Mayor and Aldermen, also gave them a cordial rcccptioii, extending to them theBettlement of the Slavery question, and all other dif-Repre- sentatives, can these gentlemen effectually serve theirportindepoddeitt State,establishment of an absolute tyranny over the South- hospitalities 01 tnebattle-groundshe WMktcandid world.1. The Notthrm States of this Union have forsupportarm of defence—and we«byheathen that are aroimd about you«ri^^i^.-i\~^!!:??!^'Ti*^'?!^'?"\"*"l*'y"!'i*^'"'^i^'"'5^'"?: *lUspcctfuUy, fcc,Charleston, S. C, Nov.To the Editors o/tht EvnuTi,^ AVu-swhich must be a total abundanvient oj" all our interest in theseseclioli.followingdecreeenunciated toA, P.Gen. Maatis, and Mr. R. fi. Rhxtt, dr., addressed the assemblage.p.eop-le Gerorg"ia,. .of them shall moreover, of the cliil- dren of the strangers that sojourn among you, ofratification." Elsewhere thehas thisrevolution and solution, and aIOn the contrary, we know that the mo^ l)lsunloni<itfi and Seceders are In earnest, and the ex- planation to which we referred above, the explanationtaxes,icaschs which induce us to think that the b^ Uubuy bondmen and bondmaidsthem shall ye buy. and they shall be your possessionXXCITKUENT ATWe have never seen more enthusiasm than washer toshall take them as an intieritance for children yourtaps'2.the Constitution of the present Union by passing l.i«s to prevent the fulfillment of that Consututiun, which declaresthatfugitiveslavesshallbedelivere'lupto their ownerslaw has the express and sacred sanction of St. Paul the Apostle.such protection is (as above declared) the sole end and object of all governments.pendence has cawoed, and yesterday's action will-SOI ner or later secure a Southern Confederacy. Theif LiscoL» is elected.The following call appears in the Savannah NewsAs has beforeof the success of ahostile in itsevery principle of honcatdo not mistrust Lixcoui, but they deprecate goods imported in return for, and purchased by our cotton, rice and tobacco, in order to protect and en-SO REBELLION AGAINST THE GOVERNMENT.peoplebis advisers and his party principles.North Carolina, Georgia, Florida and Texas arecourage their own manufactures, and in orJer to ex- vast sums at the North in ini proving and fortifyFrom Ihtt Vickshur^k Wkis,Fnm the 4tli ul March next, the country Is to be for ing, the 7tn November.a sense ofand to the State of South Carolina, to which, as a cit-izen,goingari«e from fear let them dismiss their apprehensions. Mr. Yakcby nor Mr. Rhstt nor no other man can ac- complishsogiganticathing. NorcananyLegisla-we shall nwait withGsNTLtuBN; Performingduties of aquestion, that the UUunioiuKts may know they havestep delegates represent- in their most ample and to decide whether or not it willThe result of tlie election in this StateThe South Carolina Legislature adjourned .this tunes to her service, and await her dictation and sum- The Savannahthat each county opposed to secession shall send dele-gates to represent iLem in such mass convention. If senting her people will have to be held. The people heard from, is 23,0(i0;ofinteresttranspired. Themem- mans.Reyiiblicatiupon Jthethis is to be done, 'then it were well it were donequickly.'If the State Committees will not act. then I proposeto meet in your city, at such time as may seem best, snv fifty of my fellow-citizens, and make the call for suchmassConvention. IhopeallthepanersinKen-will have to vote on the election 'of and delegates,thus the question comes up directly before them, and as they determine, tbe act will ensue.Senator Wiofall, of Texas, one of the rn'mstrum borrtndums,whoseGulliverproportions these timid conservatives fear can destroy the Union by his own individual act, expresses the idea in a clear and for- cible maimer.3d ofcounties, official, give Bill 34,MMM1SS1S.SIPPI.Doi ous, 2WI7.;morning. Nothingbers are now <s route to their homes.WASHiaerOH,TuesUay,Nov.13.Private information received here states that tlieVeryrespectfully,EDWARD B.WHITE.Cbabixstox, S. C, Nov. 9, 18«0. RALLYOFTBKSKClSSlOJilSTSINCHARLKSTO.N.immense gathering filled Institute flail la.s-t evening.atadays sfhce, and the result of which has been an- npuncedbytelegraph. TheRepublicanLays:;Iwould state that under no circumstances wUl Ithe office of United states Comnii:-sioner (under present, or any lulurc appointment) under the Admin- istration of Abraham Lincoln.speak upon this subject, and speak nerwhichwillbeunderstoodathomeandabroad. I feel anxiuus that those who supported .Mr. Beeckis-Ihaveconsideredit to obtrut'.c unnecessaryperfectsovereignty,secede. Unless the power is confidedlaw of the State to the Legislature, In which event thenothing ThepositiTetyluy.-^clf am always unwilling to ilo. position mav not be mi .under* through the columns of your paper, that I am now. as ever, ready, at the call of the State of .'^outh Carolina, to devote myself aul my for-upon the public—a thing 1How shall this be done ?Allow me to suggest thatbythe organicdays.with aboutBut. in order that stood, 1 beg leave to sayof other leaders in that Breckinridgeriously occupy the same position. GEORGIA.Stalewhonoto-th** Stale Coniniittees who may think with us uponcounties to hear from.inywould be committed to it, the can- people Legislaturenot finally accomplish that object. Therefore, before a State secedes, a convention of the delentes repre-thirty figaresBLLL considerably,the subject, jotatlyahead, with tliirty countiesFrom the Charleston Courier, Nov. 10.In accordance witii the published notice desiring anadd, that we think the time has arrived for something to be done cither for a;COLUUBIA.speedytrrmsandthe Drinciple of which fugitive siavcwhose course In thocrtwis willNo amount ofparty which stands in an attitude ofThe women emtilate theDMa In their eafluieiasm for lecessloii. The Palaietto rightfully belong to them equally with the North and hfr binod spilt, and her Con.^tltutional rights, nowcalculations,practical directionofleciala- execntive power to teeom-«athflsla<m prevaiiA.which, in totaldisregardof her treasureexpended,geancedue—anotherthing to destroy a na-;adopi bringyeafter you, to inherit them for a possessionbe your bondsmen forever." And we fiirther hold that tlie election oftioned by our Saviour and his .\postles.;3. The Northern States of this Union have declared that the people of the Southern Sutes shall uote.-ul- grale with their property Into the Territories, whichLikloln had been defeat- most potent argum€Tit for secessionR. C. GIL.'.IIUIST.ce>:ion from tlie the inevitable result of Union,groat agricultural population of oor Js'nlhiiig now rf niairj.s to u.* but to conaoli- dale liio power and infltioncr ol this class, so as toNavy Agent's Office, 11,South an Stfate Republic. (Veorgia:beunjust toUniun party; so also in Alabama,, andwefreedom, taletv i.iid sovercismry of theCharleston Light In&ntry have taken charge of the6oT«minent arms, supposed under sanction of Fed- expression of sentiment on the part of our citizens, an reconcUlatioo or a separatioo. We caunut live as tucky opthpiossleedtter."VIcksburg County Box Bovina Wlii'e House KInchloe's»?9NiSBviujt, Tenn., Tuesday, Nov. 13. Georgia and South Carolina Bank Notes aretaken at five per centum dlscoimt.FccliDK in MisHiasippI—Tbe Legislature to AHHcmble*dents.W. E. MlKEU.. L. F. I.E BlECN, W. TiKNENT. Jr.,and Thomas MiDDLETON, Jr., EsqrsT, acting a.s Secre- taries.*L. W. SpBATT, Esq., addressed the immense auditory ably and eloquently in reference to the now cngrosij-JIayur of Baltimore, which was briefly sketched by telegraph, is as follows :A period of great pro>perity appeared to be opening for thi> city, but the prospect has been suddenly cloud-dis;ftilvc had beznmr a curse it, unlesstht Union afTually.'Douglas,Yazoo County—Bell,John H.Hon. A. G. Maobath, W.awaits us uiiderturely the existing or4er of things.Honodb, E.sq.,"I "J 'Breckinridge, 376:;i:. Coobtnkt, J. B. D. Dr.No better to look Ibis dayIThe Atlanta Confederacy has another plan which itheralimemost effectual move by which to bring her back to Unionwhichshenowaffectssomucht'jde.spia;. Let tl:e Federal Government, at every point ^berc thet 1S8D. jsuicidal course. We shall notso ence to induce the Southern States to remain in the''ironglaay sup-shall<iisappointmentto has already set fire to the 7'riftu;t€ 0/?iL-c, New- York,, because theyeprominenttoward;"We think now, that a Convenlionof the Southernwhile ills are suflerablc, than to right themselvesbv abolishing the forms to which they are acc.Ktom-ed. But when a long train of abuses and usuTiatlon-s, c< nvty the I)eI»*Rat€s from this meeting t> Columbia.by the Georgia Legislature, and by those Senators al ready elected who have signified their intention toStates, establish Custom-houses. The effect will;created the action of the byfew morestrengiliUnion, ishi. ing-pantheyTk« Fe«Ua| 1> HairlaBd—A^rices from this Divinely established Institutioii was always sanc- Ihis gave general disappointment. When the bill many yeai-s tlie head-quarters of the leading fanatics;nuUiJicdThe firvt of inipul.sethousands of good and trne4. Those Northern States have, by a relentless and South alone mui^t govern tbe South. The of passageonlyunscrupulous majority, constantly imposed heavy a bill by a unanimous vote of both Houises, is au un-To TBE Vocso Men of Chatham Couhty:I am au-consltitlionai con.nriiclion, has oeen attended withtaxes, not simply without, but directly against ourprecedented ture.act in thehistoryof our StateLegisla-Excellencyequip 100 men with the latest and most approvedy'rom fAe A'oitM, at a moment's notice, are invited to meet at my office, at7>4 o'clock, on Wednesday even-says iu conclusion"The policy of this Govemmeni is fixed. It will be will pretent a good worlilng oppotilibB to any poUcrtion, no idle dread, no ephemeral fancy of ours. 1;, possibly for the President elect to make an amtoint- is the decree of powers aad influences as resistle**^ as nient, or Influence a single hostile measure of federal fate, as indisputable as any trutli in moraN. The If gitlahteion. He has clutched a barren honor for arepresentation:xand our consent in the general Con-Congressyourselves to a military corps, ready to meet ant/ call active, energetic and relentless. This is no specula- that is not national In its character. It will be im-hyof the iiu'ileiicf./Keif— to letstverely.It willCharlestonians think Baltimorians will refuse to al-low LiHooui's officere in Baltimore to hold theirplaces. This is sheer nonsense. There are too many and whope express creed Is that there is an irre- mad advice which Ihe Governor of thb? State, forget- now. If she sets up peaceably by herself, she will be wBreckinridgers, Bellites and others anxious to get them.Conservative Virginians -are taking a strong standcease until Slavery Is extinguished." guardian ot the safely andWe have for long years in vain appealed to their has, in advance of tlie actual fact,subjectpower to resist.'Whcn she deals with the rest oi nian- klnii, she should recollect thej-e is no limit to power but pow er. In this Union, the arcagainstevitably Interrupt and destroy our connections and to tbe people of Mississippi, in the contingency that isAnti-Slavery has elected a President a votetune for dilatory counsels or hesitating action.spiritofconcillatioB to-pressible conllict against Slavery, which can never ting the dignities and solemn trusts uf Ms posL aslo she has theany aggression that not physicalcan be nu and it is not necessity,sense of justice and common right;present generation Senators, who, as secure as their fathers. They have even less loauthorised agents. They must and will decide for thtmscives. But it would be well for all to be in euuiinunication. A crisis such as this does not allow ptohsesibleof the people of the State of South Carolina, in convention assembled, appealing to the Supreme Judge of the world for the rectitude of our intentions, do, in the name and by theauthorityof thegood peopleof thisState, solemnly the successrepresentativesmake the Tidory toit». cause of revolution would beJNEW-YORK. WEDNI SDAY, NOVEMBER 14, 4860.iiprisliiff Hon. W. l\ Colcoor al.-o a IJrcescJ Ihc iJireUiigt rt. Y. TtJPPSE, Esq., inLrodn'-cl Mr,thus presents:i HASTY ACTION DEPEICATED.thatOn motion of Capl. E. M. Whitingthat In no case, or under any circumstances can a sec-tional Black Republican President rule the SlaveStates. This, we believe, is the settled and unaltera- wlUiJraw from their position. If there was ever a ble determination of the South. Our only advice is,:THE DKMONSTIIATION IaN COLOMBIA.VTom the Columbia South Nov, 10. Carolinian,Hen. A. U. Maorath, Hon. W. F. Uolcock, and sary present let there be a Nation- present. If there whs ever a crisfeSuch has been the patient sufferance of the Southern James Uonaeh, Emj., reached Columbia ycMcnlay al Convention ot ail the States, lo convene the hr^t ni< n and true were needed to stand in the breach andStates of this Union, and such is now the necessity evening. They were met at tbe depot by a large dayoNanuary, in W-vhington City aiid composed of resist aggression—according to their ownwhich constrains them to alter their present system of crowa. Mr. BuisT, the Chtiirraan of the Charleston delegates, two only, from each State, elected by the ttiat lime is now. Only in tbelr places, on the floor ofIrgbe loately. deprive Siatnsraalls, for back to thepursuing InvariablySuch then being the facts of the of eachwhich, only about one-third ofMfitye DepartmentRtaoh-t'i, That a special train of cars be proviti-ni toof her trade Charleston of most imiaedl-rightswe have con- people ? Shall I yield to the passionate and Incoa-to be secured out of it.watchfulness, higher prudei^ce, a straog ef-opinion, and a preparatioa tot anyevent in tlie i.sfuture, taught by the reniK mthem the ties of our common kindred to dita- Eiderate of our United States jured by teachingstbe pieclpitate action of the extremists in the vow and abandon these usurpations, whicii wouhl in- sw)rn to support tlic Constitution, have recommended bear that is offensive. It is true that anSotttb. Indications are now increasing that the Union our Union. But have been deaf to the voice of now to break the bonds tliat pariy they upon us, Imposed by which wVirginia standbySlave States sundered. A power above tlmtofGov-enunent or of party commands their imion. Safetyis only to be found In the close embrace of men andStates who must have a common destiny, to whom atteri.pt is madelo reduce the doctrines of RepiMi- kindred in blood, thought and interest give a common canisin to practice.ill lack a million of theof the South are determined to take a stand justice, of honor, and of consanguinitv. We must, sacred in.strument and put ourselves into a hostile al- Union. He will be an Executive withoutpeopleagainst disunion, and will soon call public meetings to express the public sentiment. It is t)elleved that tte South will be prominently divided on the subject,powerandters lo which it are gives rise,therefore, acduiesce in the necessity which denoiutcesand hold them, as we bold the rest of mankind, enemies in war—m peace, friends.titude to ihe Government under which we live, andHe except at thenecessary. There need doubt the position of our whole people, if SBour separation;yesterday sought earnestly, by the peaceful and lawful method of the ballot-box to place a ruler of their own choice? Shall I. in consequence of the election of Mr. Lincoln,of hisHe can't takeWe. therefore, theopwpiotlnieonuts.theirtreasury permission.of hiti any law, operationsparty is, and ultimately disastrous Federal Government here a nullity. Let every The finaaciaj crisis continues in Baltimore, and publish and declare that the State of South Carolina to us as will be their policy if it finally prevail, shall stand the and the anais, and of right ought to be, a free and independentState and that all coimection it ; political betweenand the Northern States is and ought to tie totallyI reln.'-e to submit to his Government, throw off patilot by Union, Constitution,less see Tbey danger because they are determined toaeetanU that as a free and independent State we have ftili power to levy war, conclude peace, con-dissolvedfeTentPartrPaper*—DlsnniaalsiaVnpop-tractalliances,establishcommerce,andtodoall emphaticallyinthenegative.Wedonotmeantorebel theUrdonTke Vcell>« Ib TlrKlnla—Coarae at the Dlf- lar.;of the States whoSouth Carolina must move by herself, if at all. Such people will aU be imperiled br it,pedal Diapatchto ^tha Kew-.Tot»k Tinmes. RiCBxoHD, Tuesday, Nov. 13.his party;foundsensation. so much on account Not, however,other acts and things which an independent State fie Govern.ncrU because an obnoxious mail his agaimtof do. And for the support of this declara- been made Pristdent. We do not mean to raise tke may righttion, with a firm reliance on tlie protection of Divine standard o/ resistance. We do not meaUj either by pre- Providence, we mutually pledge to each other our cept or example-, to advocate seccss on or rcvoliUionj;A SouthernConfederacycannot be formedbylives, our fortunes and our sacrea honor.of the act itself, for that is trivial, and would be heardconsiderations must occur to Soutiiern men of with decided gratification by many a National man equals of the South. DUnculties of every dianeterHoet of the Breckinridge papers continue to telBinate far disunion, while the Douglas, Bell andestral ones advocate union till our rights are in-vaded. The Richmond Whig to-day, under tbe cap- papersttea, " Suggestion to tbe people of Virginia," thinksiaactivity" for the present, and throws out th^ sug- fellow-citizens should not misunderstand the position would be ir.anly enough to illustrate by our example. pose there is one man in itSOUTH CAROLINA.WHAT THK OFFICK-HOLDBRS WILL DO.in the Union by every effort and meansto which, under demn the folly of tbe hour ; and the tbe CouEtltnilun and laws, as honorable men, we can the secession of & State, fornearlyrockets fn^ttt that quarter, were il not to be appre-paiation before a betaken. single stepInthemaaa-The/following cards appear in the Charleston resort. If It over prevailto or regard denyreason now:sness." The Courier snystrycan v offwould6CHfC«lyexcitemorethancuriosity. ThatStateSuch we believeof the South, and we look forMxecKS. £ditoii8gated during the last two days as to whether I would in the LnltHi be unavailing, leslstance out of:excitements of feel-and delUienteover which themselves but theyinfluence.beno ofswer these each and questions,everyone,at once andindeed icems to be the prevailing resolve. If the Stale proceeds to extremes, takes possession of theand and erects her own inde- offices,in material and social everyInterestcity., 1 Ilomrgoods,ferences which agitftte the public mind and alienateAbout 8 o»clocfc, the Mtnaie the two sections. In that Convention let each section -where the enemy has no advantage of position, no be; with music and fireworks. When they reached there if a satisfactory and amicable adjustment of all differ- bni out of it they fight up hill, with the sun In theirarmy and na^-^tetlh imb- •'a ciowd of about two thousand had Hfi»embled. Gen ences cannot be effected, then, and not till then, faces from the start.years warred aeain«t our peculiar institution of Slav- ViAUACz introduced the guests of the city. Capt. J should the South withdraw and establNh a separate There is no outspoken patriot who ha? dared to re-the!• apprebcod tbeywowd and supportiiw tfaeai-ery, instigated byclem, which declares that institution to be a moral sin,what we bold to be a Divine institut'Lon, established addresf-ed. in an able andcomposed of the ablest, thivnust experienced and conservativethreatening to tear themselves away from the Con-I;iIhave been clamorotisabout FederalC^radiiM taxes. In tbemanyAT THBCAflTAL.^cimen of a Sootli Carolina Declaration Iloees on Mount Sinai: "Both thy bondmen and Guoo, Geo. G.tHLijiSToir, M. W. Gaby, W. Whalet, Convention be referred to the people for rejection or Ima have no cause of complaint We do not Imaginesoldierthough the people of southD.speech ol some Icuiith. They each came forward andAnong the angry, iqen who are now selves. So that :Tradkwell welfujmed them in an eloquentonOn Friday, tbe Senate, by an alnu>at unanimous vot*:, uppolntcu the first Monday in January a^ the day forthe fiiir fabric intothe1» everywhere flying. Business, however, is that tbe people of the Soutn shail not have their prop, ^Lall be excluded from tlie common domain of tbe tlon, ruin, desolation, robbery, arson, murder and thedelegatesto the Slate Convention. and likewise to the Aslor House, which has t>een for ed,would have beenMISSISSIPPI.weapinis. Those of you who are an.xious to attachLegislatureyesterday.precipitatechaos and irretrievable ruin. We loarn that a mob a them ifmanner. Mr. men. If sncji shall b« the will of the people, they federacy. We do not think, we have neverofBotes sion scheme will cost her about five-fold hmvferimpressiveCaluol-tt, Col, CvyvTTumAUt Col. Bcibt, Col. ,. .thought,shapea tuiff, since the days ofnulUficatioa, kerof the wholtState,urged upontheGreaterfort lor concord ufgraph '*Theforto Ut her atomLOUISIANA.came to the House, the time was altered t4i the 6th ofiJccember, and the 17th of December as the time forthe Convention, by a unanimous vote. It ^«as then re-turned to the Senate, and adopted by a unanimous vote.The eiithusiasm is immense, and nu doubt existsnow that South Carolina will go out of a Union In broadcast over tbe land. It is nothing \>\\X justice that olthison-etlio!;ized byImpotence whose term commences ineril, lie March, IMl,:beggingjumped out of the fn-countr)*mfamily into t)ic fire.States,isConfederacy Is inwillstartling para-tolosion mlo tbeour troublesome and petoleot s>f_i„w.throughand Herald that the poison lias been dis.'-eminatedStates.Thereisafearfulresponsibilityrestuiguponthemen cisiveform,thesecessiontopowerofthebeadaftbe{lentdheir own harbors, towns and cities, at t'le evi- fourveajs beaded a Bluck and the None need come who cannot furnish his own horse. South knows what it is to expect. It cannot rest un- party represents. This fact should restore a goodng by Republican; confidently expected to unite in secession. A com- dent and diicct expense of the products and la'jor of question now nrc^cnted to us and to each man in theC. A. L. LA.UAK. der tills burden. It cannot obey this power. Its ruin degiei- of confidence to the South, and lead it to amit til'' Issue of events.aaAication la to be sent to the Governors of Mary- the South. land, is : What is ray duty in this crisis in our 5. Those Northern States have elected bv an over- national affairs? What does patriotism require of land and other States, asking their cooperation. The whelming sectional vote a President and Vice-Presi- WW. ? How, as a true man, recogLizing aU my respon- dent, both from their own section of country, in direct sibilities as a citizen of the United States, as a citizenis certain from this policy. Political power in this That tbewith this paragraphopposition to our wishes and our protests, neither of of the State of{Mi?sissippi, and ;is a member of society, " South Carolina can makewhom have received one vote from our am I to nothing bysuigle " section, comport myself ? Shall I follow the rash and She will not then be half as independent as she isobnoxiousasheis,dangerousasbe terly inactivity in the South, without thepolity and have raised up a common assailant Theymusthaveacommonprotectionagainstthosewho resistanopen, violathieonfiorsftttltoerretseM^Bdwould assail them. A common destiny awaits them. Olid uni'ed counsels should precede united at^tion."TENNESSEE.Till. SOUTH MUST NOT WFJIKEN HEBSKLF. Vr(./ii the Memphis Enquirer, Nov, 9.raise tbe standard of rebellion For our part, our course is already taken. We an-allegiance to itthree millions against two of the voters, if any illegal or constitutional aggression U attempted. It is a fact tJtat the North is less Anti-Slavery now than it was in 1820. ThenaSlaveStatecouldnotbeadmittedIntonow Cuba would be admitted in a month after tbe meetingof the next Congress, if she were ready to come. There Is no danger in Lisgjoln northey have no power; the latter will have noexistencetwoyearshence. Itsvictorywillkillit.:^^mmmm^.it -^ SlO^^'b'l''?^ tii^Sstand firm Southcase,faorCIohnevention at least,Sbouthern SUitc is unneces- cording to Ihe show iiig of these very gentlemen. Is the!with Southern interests was important, that time, ac-tirntory toforce onTimUtrus forccir. We shall advocate no such blind counsel prudence, urge forbearance, use all her influ- jc-in of the oCl;dir«lina, sej-I'narated by thereuintoarvening rroduce a iiarmoiiious and efiertive inovernent in b«-andKentucky and Virginia, and all the border Slates, asto abanaon them and leave them, at still greater .safely in it ;haiiof the Sou!h.To the Editorin the Slates is in no danger. Navy Pension Agent for South Carolina, I may be par- onourside,indefenceof what we believe right and the* the present Cabinet, and if they succeeded in electingand Georgia adheringMississippi, however, miglit make part ot a union rights.Through travel is resumed to-day on the Virginia:freshetTwo to one is belting on Borts' holding a Cabinetofllce under Liscois.All the State papers di.'sagree as to who has carriedTHE PEOPLE MUST CONSENT TO DISCNIOX. From tke Mtmpkia Avalanche.Virginia. Honeytheyduty to myself, will stand the Union, the Constitution and theand conclude treaties with compacts foreignand w of the Union. 1th other Statesi am anxious that the people of Kentucky shallright secesvion,Union shall be difsolved, may unite with all Unionlo break the Union. If their fulminalions uppowers presentedin the Sooth, aad the action of the.market tight. A dollar looks as big as asimply repeat what I have long said tocan, all attempts, come from what quarter they may,painedmen of native State that a State my contendingto secede from the Union, and to resisthow whotion of every man, no matter pure, mayor lall with her.revolution, arid wt do not considtr revolution justifiable sistance to the laws of the United Stales, Gen. Jack- stitutions and fortunes, so tha', if need be, oar whole determine with the grave dignity nnd serious ptupoaeof:property. SlaveryThose persons in the States south of us. who are doned for obtruding myself upon the notice of the pub-socialbarians into thii* country, would not object to apardc that when my native State acts in her sovereign capa- every attempt at its dismemberment. We agree witii influence in the formation of the new Cabinet When, course, after all, seems to be to stand together. engage eur undivided affection, care, solicitude andwhich woald reduce the selling price of Slaves in city, my allegiance to her is paramount, and 1 stand tke Hoxtrtignty of Mississippi, regarding secession as lii 1832, South Caioiina threatened secession and re- Weaken not the ties which now bind us by similar In- devotion. The .South must ; consult, delir.crate aadanxious to open the Slave-trade, and import bar- lic at this time, but it can hardly be necessary to .sayby ion of ihete Slates, and oppose, with all ourapower, tlilK doctrine of secession would exercise controllingsy.stem,our honor, our liberty, are to enoughThisand Tennessee Railroad for tbe first time since the fomilij, I beg leave to announce to my numerous the mad advocates of disunion. Its majestic pillars sece."<siun does not exist, and fore ble resistance to theto choose between a dislMinfahle submission and capitulation to a haughty and qh- comprcmising enemy, for a tempDrary peace and the security of certain material interests, with an erer- present and increasing peril to even these, or aeeept the responsibility, danger and honor of a onilad re- spurious patriotism by their street talk in denuncia- sistance at all costs and sacrifices, to the dlshonarnd eventual ruin which are inevitable from oor ao^il-To the Edi}ors of the Evening yewsHeartily indorsuig the sentiment of the rest of thrnationoughtnot to bebut added to its there. Has this been done strengthcompelledtrue interests of the people, we will standthe Un- twlieved that their Southern sectional candhlate, theyconsignedtooblivion. Ourhomes,ourhresidee,ouruntil ourindtpindt people.destroyed or dis-figured by the succcsssfui efforts ofoppressions Titare intohrublt togrer.tfriends of the Press at the South, that I prop.isc ought not to be overthrown through the passions of law s of the United States, by the citizens of any State, shortly to resume wy old occupations. Occupying only disappointed demagogues and politicians, or the more though acting in obedience to the authority of such a sutiordinale position as one of the Federal officers, I sincere but equally dangerous schemes of open revo- Sta'c. is treason in such persons.am not called upon to otfer any resignation at this lutionists. And we mean to oppose, and defeat if we I have been to bear so many of the promisingA divided North and South is bad Eruotteacdtilvoin.ded Sou h is still worse.enough,but willmy friends, that vhitker South Carolina secedes orsuti-time,mlts, my presentFromowe Individual and devoted allegiance, Ito drag or drive the people into openhostilityto theyoung bad thehave recommended the secession of a sovereign State, in the event of Lincoi-n's election, to charge thai Yancxt and Rhktt, and this man and the other isMebbes Editorsby .'*****•Government under which we this the day enjoyright authoritytionalhave committed theto whom the Northern asHesoccupation's gone."EDWIN HERIOT.great- est amount of liberty and happiness of any nation that ever existed. Let others do what will, for us, wethe form States,of the United States within itslimits,todemagogues This is the issue nowofthis GorenuBent.t^in a I'nionfrojn whicli m a prop' r manner she has rff- thislhing? If not. there i^ an end ol ihr^ "Nirigor, br tt-rmined to uithftraw. She will advise moderation, it mure or less. Alabama and Mi>si-Nip[>i vvuiau nota'.iitiule o( t\icUnion until there isshe will, and can, and ought to do no posefor peace, or justice, ormy office as Navy Agent, at ttiis port, under a Lin- sions which threafen them a thousand fold more Hon. CUAKLES A. WiCKLiFFE publislies a let- not Ukc to take the responsibility of so uncertain an deepest interest, to them the peri! is neatest, and the: Gentlsmes HavingGovenimeiit for thirty-one years; 1 tru-t it isnecessary to intorui my friends that 1 shall not hold odds, to contend again&t conteinplatcd aggres-hopeheld office un^'xr the Fedcr.1las st.'Cession wiil important a;coln Administration.Very respectfully^ yours,B. D. HERIOT.ter in the Louisville Democrat, He declaresexperiment.will standsion will be confined to the Palmetto Eaipirc. Mis-sissippi would look on with longing eyes, j>erliaps, but the scheme would be Impracticable w ith Alabamaother classes of our population must codperate with them or take sides with our sectional enemy. All parties are now extinct, except the party of the SoothUxiTtn Statis Pkssioji Aoe!<ct Offics, CHiaLiBios, S. C, Nov. 9, IStiO. jrightsState and our section, dauntlessly against ttie enemies 01 the Government both at home and abroad. Witliand the of the North. partyscarcelymore."than us. No. We shall submit to the evils, con- it as hisin that event we must look to tbe great cotton(and must prejudices^"Let us especially beware of a panic in slave SiE : Holding the office of United States -Vrrny and a clear conscience, with the Constitution and the law rot President. They know that they have friends inRaleigh :the Charleston Newsfessedly great though they may be, of Mr. Li.fCOLN'selection, aad will, armed as we have ever been withtruth and right on uur side, maintain the of our upon the nafion, no matter who is President. Hecorrect, Georgiaand seces-belief that the question of Fccession is to be thru.stIf thisisfast,says'* These Southern men know that Gen. J.iCKSON isgrudgesby the present Executive ? Tbe right of peaceablethe issue on which his friends down this EiDQE in Kentucky, who do not t>clievc in this assum- way ed < f or who do not desire Uial the.question.one uf the mottU-jiders uf tbe Breckinridge fuctiun in Louisiana, de- men on thisqutstion. I-et us all unite upon this oneParish,promitient and influentialhastoelecgarlalph, a Convenctoincolnudeodf,ifshould be elected, and an at'entpt made to dissolve the Union, he would become a candidate fur the State Convention on the L nion ticket. There are numhersno allies or sympathizers among tutky.tin' citizens of Ken-theing peopleproceedings" For ourselvos, weTOW.NS IS WAEBE-N COUKTY. Breot.commentsmeeting which was held there .somemay296 '* 146 TM S3we have lived. Dissolution, if not something worse,publishto secession will do me the favor to .In his speeclr at Tyler, Texas, on theeral apthority. in the absence of Government troops.Gearsfa Bad BoBth CaraliBB Baak Notes. Bow, and a number of others, acted as Vice-Presi- and deal with il practically, will be found thaa the MESSAGE OP TnX N£W MAYOR OF BALTIUOni. except by the people ? l>oea any one suppose that th--was to the and called Choir,:MARYLAND.present. A movement of the Southern Stales now, The concluding portion of the Message of Uie ptopli would «Iect a Legislature (a chII a Conventlou tothe faceconceived in virtuous and motives and car- patrioticried furward with that dignity, wisdom, moderation, and freedom from excitement that should mark the conduct ol a people who feel they are in the right, we believe will result either in restoring peace and har-question stemly'lnor Mr. tuJXTT can dissolve this Union ? Can it be duneing subject of thought and deciicst concern among mony to this great but unhappy country, or in the ed by the etiect produced on some of the Southern lo live under such goveroment &n surietfsortmhem? Havc '*our people, and concluded by ollering the subjoined honorable, riEhtlul, and uidependent political exist- States by tiie recmt Presidential election. As this ispreamblethey not the rlfiht to alter, nroend, or abolish llu'ir lormo of jiovtriimeut when they see fit? If not, arc they free t What ie the meaniu;: of the hills of.At tills ;„,.,, and was reieivi tiiiu.JAMliSIi*?."^^' of iwr.Mayoraccompanied:right*'Kelly,that election r etermincs the fuel that the powers of this Government Lave pss^xd to the h.-.nds of a scctiua only*Docs not all experience show thatand of a section iniiilacably hosiii.- to our intere-tsand our institutions, we, citizens nf Charles- ton, deeming It our privilege to expr.;33 to thfOen^jral Assembly oi this State, in session low, our hop.?s and wi-hes upon this emergency, and deemiDK a c»llof a innventioi. to consider of KCi-ssion a measure emiuent- Be it.if.of this Union,her own will and the by be.st convictions of herbe lo unacceptable arty portion of the Kcpublic. can afford noby abnllshing lorn^s of government to which they are accastomel.v dcm.-inded by the exIgenSes of this ojciioiou, 'urges Governinenl,totheirconstitutionalat the riifnrcemeni of lawsandaresome uf the States whichpnraetctiepri.tatTihnge vote of the to have their say of humblest man in eitherBreektoridge's gain, »,5«.Generalto rroKi.tlyealla Couvcution of the people ofttin -state t"nuit at the earliest possible moment and sever ourlor rie,Ti,,n with the p-e.sent Government.li.s„l,,d. That copies of the foreg'lng resolutums be**nowrighti<. one of byso far.R.Vulral. That it be ur^ed upon theAis.rablyIJl.and Representatives 10 i.hai As.-.n.tilv. with tlie request to place them beforet'ONNPe,loaiitrsfoinla and Oregon, and every Rcpre-eutativc, the ronstitutional limits, to protect her rights, ahonldlhey this sece-slon movement were to sudrr. we- s'^"^^ ""^^^ Hri.E to the Mayor, who e:tprcs!-rd his graUliestionln11.,,, ^ :.1.sBs»rtne wckcIto see the President iss.ije a proclam=ition. <'«'»'"'*">Ling their obedience to their solemnACIDS Jr-. Evq., an.l unaiiiniiMislv-,-!,;^,, '1 Resnlrttl. Tli;it a Coininiute of u.n.'- \JprcpriatjonsS'lifes run receive his salary. Bythis If there course,event of to failingcomply,to m»K.-anoc of tliemen underhi..^command.to to :i.IilK)inte(I t'u!Mt;ibi:i. ivcjnniicinl tn .lurit will not the insanemaypeople,easy onlyunitethepeopleofthatproiiecdiheComniittftt? rnn.si«t «)i"suffering,I.^fi'siature, now iu c -'s-iMn" n{\-..,'Hud.The meeting v.it-: also aiMr.-*-.(v:ihe North is in a•-^P-^^^^hy the New-Haventhe V. hole p*-l!!C i::glillib?ine escortedA.'J. M<i,.;i\,',Jl'i.\v. r.-^tateta no. s;.>:,iii;'itheretobyty'I'lMA- ^:hc;II:.II'!Ifur fit rxtbrolle>i, ur ddven into measures, others, againstVIKCINIA.jl,e Mrxnn.lria diz'tir reports all the CooMie*wewhicti is bound witli the nivudiy, inseparably up pre-^iflopd'd by the neople of the different .States?f"' Suflia^e.tVorernor. l.Jil majortty.hopebelieve true wisdom and hrmuess will obtain It ;issviPcl a proclamation con- adoptedvening the Stale I.eKi.«hii,uc to .-.mKidcr the propriety Whereas, It is now crtsin th:it Mr. Lincoln has boonand necessity of pr..^i,Uns surer and better safe- elected Fresidcrt of the United S:.ites; and. » h.Tosui, ol our own. On all questions that may arise, Georgia lo it bete, so far as to express the hope that wi=e and the aeki owlcilgnuut of n riyht involve the necesMitybut shoiild tie latter be our destiny, it will be no fault should avoid precipitate action, and on reflection, artmay be permitted to alludePresident, according to the provi- it'ral.If, than to ri^iht themi^elveqj.4(>3 majority. All the oiiieu.s are elected.she should s em- enily refuse to beThe election ofasions ol the Constitution, however he!i,owBell's gainl4.72<J; Breckinridge's majority,apprehend.staUon to which the laws of nature and of cited. I voles of the various States for Prr.siJeul and Vice imous sentiment of iiie people of Baltimore—the State? Tbe acii,-m of the fire-caters is notby Copii«nyEudnature's God entitle them, a decent rc^peit to th*^ opinie ns of mankind requires that they should^e- clare the causes whicl) impel Ihem to tlie separation.ment. Thereviewin the byshall forthwith call a Conventionof In such mode and manner of the citizens Kentucky,as far asfor I.iki'ol-i, 16,000. Fifiy-fpurservation of the L'liioD, I prudent counsels may prevail.:IJejiioeraUC Countyin and man- a toneleadingjaig- maynieut. W ha'cver may l)e her coursf* wc shall be with jus'itiration fur i:s oi-rupiiun. -ind in anyevenr, there bard.sli their fears. The ofMIabama, .Mi-^is-is- tieod from Hit Braxton, Clay, Craig. Payette, Giles,her. a^aniltoHit'L-ndoftl:echapter."' dutyaiil.erepuirethepeopleofMaryland[oparsuc. Statesarcbound friigthittfhuel whichgaveLetcher161minority,:i Joyiii sviji,A writer in the Ailanta Loromoti'-ecun be no doubt about the course whichWhile the eiii/.en^ of tlds State areseii-ttive in regardTurfeer, Webster Wayne,:Mr.-sj.ectiveviewi, tlie ncces-policyMir.iT, RalelRh. ^nj'w'voniing,of individualsjty of stopping tlie wheels ofthat the Aintrican Government in all its brancheshas passed into the hands of an Anti-Slavery majority,without thi' hope of any change in the future." He 'Cii-jnrsethose Commonwealths will count as much as that of Mr. Yaiccey, or that of Mr. Rhrtt, or that of any of the oFtohoeTrEsS,ouatnhdetrhnosSetaotfeslmikeen whose namesaffortdhetovetlnitoilk, the themes for peo- of so much virtuous indignation.THE FEDERAL COVKRNMENT AND THE KEMEDT-of the necc'saiy for one people to dis^ohc the iwliiical the 'i:dl. Mill the cflect upon the vast assemblage, stitutes a quorum for The irrtusar'ion uf bu'-iucs.-;. siinetiorieH by the General Government—a contin- Carolina J,egislalure, the question presents itself, Eighth Regiment, reviewed by the Mayor yester-re>pntive'jiu,:«i..swill,unlc-s acts of a{rgTession should be perpetrated orthree pastwas days,as thewe have notoasMinieamongtheJ»owers01tlieearththeseparateword?s.',t'o teilieMateofenthuciasniwhichitex-bereceivedfruuitheHouse,norcantheElectoral 1amconfidentthat1expresstheunan-FederalGovernmentadopttow;irdtherebelliouscor:edtothePark BoftheEighthRegi-Mi'^r^TH entered the Hall, President be counted so a.s to a-^certain itie choice, or laigest of the Southern cities—when I say that the Lincoln's Administration, but against that ^\,i ilii- MiDst exciting demouslra- declare who shall be President of the United States true puliry of Mar>'iand is to adhere to the Union, so BccHANAN—the President of South Carolina:AJIargolag^etrajnMsts wereescortedbackto<hr.ArmoryoftheBtghOraeci-.S.<.11] icye^lno ap-isbring priJifn'^inn.-el'its.|i:ijik»t.ptcy c't"-i i. an' :t]t;can be made, no officer of the Uniie.lthe hope that justice will be done her by the Givern- ment of the Union, which was created, and should oe"^f*^;;; jt'^^f uj^® '^^^""Pl^f^^iiht notcomplimentednf the ruin ihey Wlicn cvcrv ciiyatarisen sutTirie:;! tojM^ufyment. Tlie Naiioiialar.-l cv-'ry luanufaoturing esbyiipinioii,Unhiinun ^^ i- io;i!. ;iii tourecraie-." aiit, tL'le.i-ii! ;< ;i.t. !,c ir:.> of WAi: : tha; Uir liM. :ir.J a'.1)1titltied Diiocumbenlshmrntlurnet^ ou; lo s.arvi ui. a ui;]*:. ;^ <adminislf thcni- S'lrelywith theol any other part of the United States, theyTuK BostonTBE Matob.—Companyt%.t. JoH.v F. IlrBE, wlUch has been on a visit to thisthe have always been stea^lfast in tri* ir devotionand;for theinstitution of Slaverya.-sF Nationaljustly indigaantbv constitutional means and within force her oDedience, and if be.a>sailed, and, In the meaniime, to rest calmly inof B. iniroduced Cant. Companvof this of their true disregardit\tthat they are Oisunionists per se. It would have t)eenaronred kostOitr constitutional rigbk of ^be, and Southern States, have been an indignant and outraged people snoula have lain fame will compensate them for the enormous evil the Slave States. Sensitive and chlralrlc. they seewhich the other happy country.subjected to a sectional domination which depletes bCT through its revenue and commercial system, andthese dens in rulns.'^that they may do by hasty action now. It is one tilingmajorityof numbers,thatsheerty protected by the Federal (iovemmont, when Federal Government. The day of Southern Inde- utter destruction of the South, should go for disunionThe AtlantaAmerican^after certainto talk of vehementlywrongs endured and of ven-litical contest, and thetlon and the direct ute ofplifh all of the. revolution in the of the Oor-concludesil istionality that has never had an equal upon earth.VIRGINIA.The Richmond Examiner sketches the history of:quite—Sixthly All who are In favor of civil war, stan'a-policyby factl&us aijostles of Rt-wanting.We are deeply anxious to see this excitement al-THE POSIIIOII ASD DUTY OP TBI SOCTB.From the A'. O. Picayune, Ifav. 8.the conventions that be called bv the Gulf maycitizens of the South doubtless Is to - re-ist, in amae depresentand oflensiTe menace to thelllile difference between ihe utterances of a waii po-show that: toparty the South, but loattitode, notStates while in the Union. It is forbidden toe byConstitution, as is any association of States for aay such purpose. Tike secessioii of one State wiftoat concertwithothersisaspeciesofdictationtoitoeo-until a nece:>3itif arises for a resort to such stem andterrtblf remedies. When the Administration of a Black sooner or later. They will certainly occur to those who has been bored to death with the disunion surround the subject, and it re<]uires deliberate iire-SuchRepublicanlrenches upon our rights, we will resist it who come after them. Their descendants will con-anddeprive us, so much as by one jot or tittle of ourHaving been frequently interro- clear and undeniable rights, then if resistancececkle?anyState but SouthCarolina,and thesubjectnot as a partisan, but as a devoted I occupy. But merely because a danger threatens us, we shall such a step. She will wait and hope, until there is no a laughable spectacle. They would be too proud Virginian, A United States Commissioner derives his office not not rut-h into wild and mad schemes, which will lead room for ifope. But she will not aid I^incoln or Gen. ever to ask to be taken back, but in ten years, a man to the rl^ts and honor of tbe Commonwealth, look- from the Government, but by appointment of the us we know not where. Becau-e a President who Di'i OLAS in iiar.ging the citizens of any State for obe- worth a thousand dollars woidd be cousjdercil ri-'h. ifgestionus,proceedelistlng, as an extraordinary exhibition of folly andFor ourselves, we arc not unprepared lor this result, ing with an eye single to the maintenance of her United States Judges, and is thrrrfuie subject only to holds tlial the South has no rights under the Constiiu- dience to the Constitutional authorities of such State. they carried on their government in a st>ie co.'nmen- nor for the remedy for its consequences. We haverights and honor at any cost. It adWses then, not to :tct of deprivedis so these United States has been but who isGovernment In such a case. She will never permU an gei;eration might urdo tne a<.:tioa ol ihe present, and aiiticipaiedindulge in liasty committals, adopting any rash, ill- advised policy, but to patiently, dignifiedly await the development of events. Let there be no passion, ex-citement, wUilness, on the part of any of us, either in view of what has already passed, or the probabilities of the future. In short, let the people of Virginia be quite calm for the time to come.I am astonished to find the following in tlic Raleigh Standard, tbe Breckinridge paper, under the caption of "Stand Firm." It suits Kichmond as well asarmy of Nnrtherri incrrtnaries to be marched across her probably wculd, as it'*will notout of the ITnion in conAe-pennitt^totfy thcTSxperiment:tl)e sober, intelligent,United States Commis- it, and to tbe bitter end, and to death It-sioner. I consider that it is due to myself that ray self, would be our advice, which we trust also we quenre of the election of Liscolk. We do not sup- without Interruption from the General Govejnment, or purpo.^e take.no hasty step, yet to be prepared farth;m. On the res^igiiation of the Judge, if not by that lion of the United Slates in the common Territories of She will not become the hangman of the Federal iuiatc with their haughty pretensions. The next It Iromoffice, my occupationfar gone that there is nothing ten for me to resign, andpow- him, to enforce bis vjev\s, we shall not advocate a se-virtually I am, to all intents and p\iri)Oses,/:ijKrii* offi, i-i.elected,erless, because both branche? of Congress are againstcouM i>weidtohiieSwoiuthou<t':iir:oiioiona.«iisu- ot her Southern sisttrs to remain itmy. But will Georgia gohistorian aiiybeukd and conservative States tbat.OK^re Importantwould also be drawn lntt> the measure. /*et the coun-be convinced the- secession movement is not tonecessity may exist forwouldllme we shall see whatWe can judge whether this Government tiiu faiiuie, and all hope of freedom Is loeLthe Slavery agitation, and then proceeds t<ithe Govemqicnt is to be used as a permanent hostilehis Gov. Brows, to arm an*! agency against the institution of African Slavery. It the certain assurance of its forKENTUCKY.The Louisville D-niocrat concludes a long article erty, its pecuniary interests, the sovretgnty of to the spirit of the Constitution that the attitude ofGovernment is about to be lost to it forever. Its prop-organizationof a sectionalparty is hostilem whlcn'showing—the burden of tariff duties. The effect of. i_.shape the future tr.inslentits Spates, are and must be held at the willsecession. of the majority of the Northern people. In six ance, should not tie unheeded, but wliiie bothHo«bes'standing meii- months its of resistance or of of Congress and the Supreme Court 'stami betweenpublic buLlbings pendent government,il willcertainlycreate apro-wouldbegive place toA.N KXTllIME PRO-SLATIET VIEW.yFrom the elf-Orleans Delta, yov. 8.power securing equality the cohorts of fanaiicisni and theill be gone, if il does not make a prompt decision a^to it* line of action. What that action will be oughtto be a subject of careful as well as early considera-tion. States are already considering It through their advantage* * * election just closed. Aby LCclJent, by cannot, if she would, and sec the wards each other becomes a duty, and patient fdifeea^-popularcan*t get along with the Government,ta dollar frometrhceyHe mu.n conciliate the South, or execute no Federal law In this half of the Union. Mas-vote of thiancc with opponents, while thediscusting grne mat-most lutelywho thinks she will take from any other quarter, and il would no doubt be ratherthat a measure sonot be insisted on by a bare majority in any ate.Anything short of an overwhelming majority would States to lead, direct and control. They bare thewith Texas, but I>ouisiana is faithful to her national- ity, controls the mouth of the great river, and, in short, would spoil the Southwestern Union. The bestIt is the habit of those who publicly exhibit theirto If a State Legi>lature deems sece.>-sion proper, as tbe Legisla- ture of South Carolina, so we are informed by its next isture. Thei>eopleofsecede can alone determine thedesiring1800, he saidSeptember."U any one stupid enouah to suppose that Mr.YANCsv" "*( uuld Iwo such elections t«ke place without much iielny and discuasicn ? Are the j>eopIe iucapiible of aelf-gov- erDmeot, and can they not be trusted wtth the maa- a^enieiitof their own affairs Y Have they not a right41Mlss.-Breckinridge, 51 m-ijority.Ar< ther ^oundlD^' brass and Dik» USIOmajoiiiy tinkling cymbals?\\r h"pe, then, -that those who are alanne.l willmildpr. but in ourVcost :f traiiSportatioD within their limitsgood her commerce is now with tbe sercaiingtoto a•!Then, too* sutgeetcdtocouldIt jscsilmated that nlnc-tenOis of the merchSDdtoe now imroduced into the of Cbarieston ia free Ofah^ertsoon tiredrevenue toherproposes lo rely upon the Mlout* Memimposed by the State. These are biri^tEofShe will soon find she hasre.adiai*^ ttttrt-thel>een suggested as probable, the sews— majorities in tbe Northern States is aConstitution, there the part of wiadom, to abandon our position in the Union for any doobtfdlI'hose \%ho refuse to to-day»«.«*nM p.ove^a will be the decision of the pe<qilew hatcver the luture have in store. maythe moment the Soatbem people brcime divided into factions, and have had no liope forthe Souliiwabrutriingthe vigorous aad manlyTbe old Ind quarrelsMen, pnrliesand partisan traditions must alike becontests, the ancientto tlic Constitutional Union. bo offered up on the altar of our coimtry and oorw ho areescence in the of the fenatlcs aad sec- governmentSlates of our sectionitnpon ADDITIONAI. BISECTION RETURNS.MISSOURI.St. L«oi«, Mo., Tuesday, Nor. IS,to hear from. The vote for BaxcxiKariKii;,AdamsCounty, 158.Miss.-Bell, 448majority. Mis.>^.-Bricliinridse, rn ma or-NEW-YORK.Albany Co.,.u,+0«i.i.d-Fu..ioiiEl.^^raluckrt,County,Jefferson •Wilkinson County, Thomas M. Tryniski 309 South 4th Street Fulton New York 13069www.fultonhistory.com 