 ,•11.;.IIsearch of game; but the evening wastoo farad vaoced, and \he only winged object to be discovered was a belatedo»l,whichwastbefirstsacrificetoroyalsport.that which he found in the quiet seclusions of the littletriotism of the American people, Thomas H. Bonton, in bis " Thirty Ifears' View," tells us that "Mr. Cal- houn, when he went home in the Spring of 1833, told bisfriends'thattheSoathwouldneverbeunited againsttheNorthontheTariffquestion;thatthf>sugarterests of Louisiana w/>u)d keep her out, and that the asis of Southern union muet be shifted to the slave qmstion.'" Hisassociatesanddisciplespreparedto "forcetheissueuponvtheNorth,"andthatissuewasunfaltering fidelity to Human Slavery in America.Andrew Jackson saw with clear vibion:the designs ofthe greatnullifier,and hedeclaredthat thetariff hadbeenmadethemerepretextfornaliiflcatiou—thatIn a speech running through fonr daya, in July. 1850, question. I n June, 1833, M r . Madison wroie M r . John Bell made one of the oios5 elaborate defenses o fnonon—.Tobn Bell voted ag.injt jifcV .Mft I!illTheUtitedStatesbrig-of-warBaiobridg.*,recencyde- tached from t h e Brazil squadron, wHl soon be dae a t Boston. The Bainbridge commenced her present cruiee on the Coast of Africa, but w a s subsequently ordered t o j ">in t h e P a r a g u a y e x p e d i t i o n i n t b e L a P l a t e , w h e r e she has remained ever since. Her term of service ex-patriotism and of duty to recognize no political princi- pleotherthantheConstitutionofthecountry,theunion of the States, aud the enforcement of the laws,"and nominated for Chief Magistrate of the RepabJic John Quincy Adams on the right of petition. John. Bell, a slaveholder of siaveholdiog Teaneta&e.I•healthy iofanoy of which gives sure prom- den and delighted esteem of all who now havefallen in with him for the firat time, by a frank hospitality, a kind eiacerity of manner, and a free- hearted gajety wtich nobody who gets fairly within1time* that value. Of this undoubted prosperity Col. tic-e of. debate, or apparent disappointment, they sim-instance,haveseenwhatIsawthismorningatbreak-fast, alivelyillustration of thecomforts oftheto abandonthepolicyofapplyingtotheacquiredter- more/wrd"7fulor u greater myttery, withoutthe cluewhich ritory tbe prohibition of Slavery, and the foot of the African Slavery furnishes for the solution of i t "ducedbyMrBaldwinof Connecticut,infavorofex-cludingSKvery,byfundamental law,from theterri-*£c?~Sxs.*tr"Trr*?L^rsrr^^fe:wm••a ' .:>/•I•TMUiVJSrTOJFTMBPJ^iyCS OF<£*•; Ol? THE PRAIRIE.' y^,^-Owr Ow» Jt*p*rt«f.WALESHere. »t Dwiibt. upon tlwse ohosea Ian3s, Princc/icd his party came t o g e t a Jfuie refreeiiug chap?*, of occupa^on-certafnry not for repose. In allF o r a n hour these gorgeous changes alter•Tie Mayor, on the front seatIJwtopporft*,H.R.H.th*Prtoc©ofJV«J««.After alt essential leave-takings, jthe Prince, with the greater part of his suite, took the special train for D w i g h t , » smart young ""Hage seventy mil*s distant from Chicago, where he arrived just a t dusk. Earl St. Crennaisa and a few othe>s tarriodj until Monday, and then proceeded directly to St. Lroitj.The village of Dwight is one of those local phenom- ena, whose unexpected birth, suddengrowth, and active prosperityhaveonitedtomaketoeprogressofthisgivfstothat.agitationaSouthernorigin;tothatdesign American Senate, John Bell utteredthesewordsinandtbepeopleofthe.Northdemandedthatitshouldbe keptfree,andn.otbesufferedbyustorelapseintoa condition which would not be tolerated by sami-bixba- rous Mexiw. T h e s'ave propagandists and perpatual- ista demanded the right to take their slaves into thia free territory ard leep them there under the protection ol the national flag. John C Calhoun, the greac cham- £ion of the slave interests, proclaimed, in the words of•, -, tb*e yiJage there i*no bot*i of exactly eomfortable di-OF UVili IJCIJ ATIMYRICK'S,SEPTEMBER13,1660.%•».''*»"1mensions,sotb^yallweredisposedaboutinprivate dwelHngfl--wMch was tbe more pleasant, no doubt, t oeverybody.is m»r>7 thing*; certainly not least remarkable •aa th e General Bruce aid Doctor Acland were " taken in "MOJMA* FARM, GRA«VD PRAIRIX, minora,) Sept. 26,1860. {.. -.. v .••IChicago—d?y of vast promise and present grei8»ssT h e Prioce,t h e Dnkeo fNewcaa'le,;From the Verbatim Report, in The Boston Daily AHa* and Bet.portion of the West so famous. Six years ago it had which the foreign twain retired incontinently, as ifseclusion, and visited the Fair.seclusion isheld to so strictly.association were possible—very likely.it is not—he—an institution t o be fostered, nortered, extended, and nationalized. New theories of constitutional construc- tion were invented and promulgated, and the policy of Slavery extension and domination inaugurated. Then commenced the policy of Slavery aggression^ which has for a quarter of a century been pursued with recklesswe thall b e *njigbtent-d b y a reyeUtiop fr >m a higher source than th°D. selvee, I n»u»t claim the privilege of interpreting the law o f Nature b j wbut I see revealed inj the history o f maokind from tfca ^nrliept period o f recorded time, .uncontradicted b y Div^e. authority."no existence, and it did not get a name nntil somewhat later. Six years ago C*J Richard Morgan, an engineer employed in laying oat the Hoe of the St.. Louis, Alton a n d Chicago Raiboad, b r o l e t h e first ground. There were then not tw o families within a circuit of tw»nty miles. Now D wight siamla a t the head of the C rand Prairie, as thriving a village as any in the S'-ate. The bust evidence of its advancercjent is that the lotawhich wtre then purchased a t the easy rate of 90 cents for the acre, have long been selliog a t a n average of $20 of $25 for the acre, while some, which have t i e advantages of central position, have risen to evsn fourwiselytheir final phrase by a parting long drawn out. With one notable exception, this w as the only visit the Prince received, the townspeople, thoughtful of his de-I t is a pity that this I f a li&tle more popularMorgan-istheauthor; andalthough,witha modestp l y s a i d , " W e l l , t h e n , I s ' p o s e w e ' d b e t t e r g - h u m , " vieibly dMutttieiied with the frnitlesBness of their ex-cursion.Asea-VasC-1o'«:WkMonday morning,the royal•A- * ~ * • * , * w I -k •k 4;s l a v e WBS p e r m i t t e d t o p o l l u t e s o d c o n s e c r a t e d t o F r e e - " Y e t S l a v e r y , i n e v e r y f o r m i n w h i c h ] i t h a s e x i s t e d f r o m t b e .Morgan is the last person in the world to directly sanc- Wilkins b v the third. Light wagers were laid as to tion anything like public compliment. But when 1 see tbe result of the day's operations, each party predict-a young man who has created and reared a town, the ing its ow n superior auccees. A station some milesof the Territorie8 to aue out the writ of habeas corpus Issues growing out of the existence of human Slavery no wonder bo reject* the theory of the power of the 00 tbe complaint of any peraon that he ia held as adirtant from Dwight, and replete with prairie-birds, ise of a healthier future, winning the sud- was-speedilyreached. Forseveralhoursthegame»!.RIJlSKBSSQCBttBEG^ '''MHRiiwrHii.j'ii.^'M^aaawaiirtwwMMwwteBtwgcCK^^'J^^"""'-''**''^7*'"*''*-''-**"" ii5»saaiaw—i ;iw^^f»U»j.'iV MSJ** .;•***<-,.••W B B W W W W»1«WWW w -£ IfeS•NEW-YORK DAILY TRIBUNE, TUESDAY, OCTOBER 2, I860,I' .• .r>MnKbetween the Prince and two Irish farm-laborers, whocameoverinawagonfromsomeremotedistrict,tohaveaconversational push athisHighness, ontheirown acsount At their solicitation, the Prince steppedout, and submitted himself. " Notwithstanding that the hotel .a fragmentary police force maintainedtbe[S dtonstalle, bnt of John Bell, frittered on the floorof theSenatetenyearsago. whentheiaeuewaswhether slave matters should be permitted to carrytheirbondmenintothe ysst territory wonfrom Mexi-co, o r whether it should be the home of Freedom a u ddesign and conpequencee ofthe Slavery agitition. He fre* institutionaforall Standing on the fliorpf the Thia Mexican territory would come to our hands free;"you're thePrinceofWales,howdoyoudo,six?" said the more eloquent party, as an entering wedgeof discus* ion. After an answer which proved acceptable, the visitor continued, " I used to be a subject of your " mother's, sir, and it would be glad for us if you " would shake hands with me and my friend8 yonder." Tbis, too. gained a sa'idfastory response. Then camethe binding link in the cbain of discourse: ''Never1:mind our clothes, sir.; there's no church where " w e come from, so w e don't have good "clothes"-(both were in their shirt-sleeves), afterashowofbetterorder. Onceunder theprotectionofBamnm(nottheBarnumofprimalgreatness,butan adisunionend;tothatenddisastrousconsequencesto vindicationofSlaveryanditsresultsinAmerica:determinedn o t t oendangert h epungencyo fancient ladies, who on Monday drove over on a " buck- board " (do you know what that is ?) from another dis- tant point, while the Prince was out hunting. They weremildlyadmonishedthatastheroyalvioitorwasjust them some leagues off,. i t would b e difficult t obringaboutthemeetingthey sought. Withouta par-Prince had adhered to the intention, which was at onepress violated. Texas w a s n o w " to give," in th e wojds of Gen. Hamilton, " a GiValtar to the South;" to"-" add," in thelangnage ofHenry A. Wise, " moreejrterus) and internal -, your navigation; vjour commercial marine, ram tare there could not be a liner representative' party wa» aatii, and reidy for.action. A subdivision shrinking and criDgiog before the harsh commands of their bondmen over soil once consecrated to freedom.sumptuous arraignment o f the ways o f Providence, mysteriouscomes J'rm Massachusetts—I think the Bay 8tae sistedofthe 1*base,the I'uke'of Newcastle, Captain never yields bad shoote—-and brings all the quick saga- R#tall»<k atd 'IT.Kpencer. In the second, GeneralScott case, the dogmas of slave nrdpagandism, and the has been permitted to exist, from the beginning, among men aud other. It was a Trha sight to show, the superiority of President directed to'proclaim that, by virtue of the nations, is co-n'rarv to its will "John Bell tells lhe Cbrintian men of America that it tration of that patriarchial system, the" benilicent work- slave in'«o the Territories as property, aud have it pro- is an arrogant and,:presumptuous arraignment of thecity, the strong aense, and ihe hearty, genial temper which are the best productions ofhi* natire place,to garf t upon tbe fertil 4strength of thejprairie-land. I don' t know bat that I am risking the lriendship, which, a s a.strangerhere baacometomysharewiththerest,in telling so much truth as this, for 1am sure that Col.Bruce, 5l*s<»r Tecedale, Colonel Grey and Hr. Le Due joined u^*tiHcr. Another w as made up of Lord Hacblogbrook, Mr. Eliot and Mr. Wilkins. In each cf these, one gentleman perfectly familiar with the country andthesport,actedasleaderandguide,Mr. Spencer in o n e case, Mr. Le Due in another, and Mr.race—a splendid though somewhat constrained illus- Constitution, " the master has. the right .to take hisings of which the young Prince • is, exhorted to tected there under the Federal Constitution;" that ways of Providence to declare that Slavery " is con-&fazure.»ateds the sun appearing 60 linger as i t departed, as if >eluctant £0 forsake tbe miracles of beauty itself had wrought, until at last, expanding or dissolving for an instant, into a broad baloofmistywhiteness,ittank with a sudden fall, and the pageant of the clouds melted slowly away.That was the last evening a t Dwight. T h e follow-POSITION fjF JOHJJ-BELL AIM H IS SUPPORTERS,all Attempts to abolish Slavery in the District or Terri- porters. • I me«n t o present t h e record of Tohn Bell, feo State, would be a violation of the Constitution, andrunning through twenty-BI'X yearn in tbe Congress of d*Btruc»ve of the furdimmtHl principle on which tbe the TJMted Slates; and Jkave'tWe assembled thousands ULjoure£s. Tbe portion rebvirg to the right of peti- of tb« freemen o f M-'srachiMettB ro determine whether tion Mr. Bi-11 v o «d against. These resolutions o f Alb- Mr.J.ThomasStevensonisa'•'*monomaniac,'touse ertonw*redeededsoextraordinarythatafewdiva bis own words, or whether "henteansto deceive." I afor their introduction, Mr. Ca'eb Cusbiogof Maeea- mean, gentlemen, t o " p u t «o sbajhe h i s allegations," cbu etts met them b y offering a series o f coun'*r reso- and the" pert, utterances "of hia eoModerates. lutions most carefoUy prepared, in which the proposi-John Bell ia a -laveh*>ldfrr.'" He workamany staves tions of At.liertou were controveiled with great clear-|»j"'*>ofHeMayor—wasforsakenbymost oftbe atthereeWenc*ofMr.8peTjc'ervwho,asw*llasCai>U ingmorning,afw-rlittledistributionsofpresentstothe FKLLOW-CITJZENS: When theyear 1833dawned, a«smechanicsorlaborersiuironfou'iderieaiaTen.je'ae. nessandability. >f1eRe'alback, was one of the leading spirits of tae expedi- hew friends he had found,.the Prince took unwilling A few we*ka after tbe Preridefitjial election in 180b*, a On the I3rh day of December, 1838, Mr. Slade of Prince**partyearlyonSaturdayafternoon. Awed, tion.Itisacosylittlefarmhouse,witheverything thefellspiritof.nullification-threatenedthepeacsof contemplatedinsurrectionofslaveswasdiacov«.r*d. Vermontmovedtosuspendtherulestoenablehinto psriajs, m t o PTe'ern*tiara^ decorous by tbe coram >n•- leave of the prairies, and passed on to St. Louia. ,It the nation and 'he unity of the Repablic; bat the ma Many were arrested, tried by Vigilance Committees Introduce a r*solution to t-e effect that so much of thefc»fcexampleofJohn,r-sigoaliz-dthedepartureofthesnugaboutit,aidwithroomsmadeupofqu-ieraugles, wasbisfreestandbestenjoyedvnitofallthathebaa ligncoun.-.eleofJohnC Calhounandhieconfederates andmaddem-daod.bmtal mobs,iahumanlylaah^dand At.rerion resobiti-'ne as relate*to 'theremovalofgaestewithonlythemoatmoderateandr-apect'ulsuchasthelow'andtwistedroofsofcountrycottagesmade,andItinsurethat'theblandishment*ofcities, werebsfflej|"bytheinflexiblefirmnessofAndrewtortured,aidmanyofthemexecuted.SomeofJohnfiuew*ndemonstrationa AttVedepot,theassemblage wasout,guninhand,dashingthroughthestubble,inJackson,theconciliatorycuuselsofHenryClay,the willgivehimnosuchreala»adunaffecteddelightas inspiringappealsofDanielWebster,andtbeloftypa-of«itia*Bedisnotappearexcessivelylarge,ifweex-clodr from the ovulation t h e person o f t b e Maj or,who individually occupied a Bpaci >ogarea. The Mayorbad herd a posidcn upon VQ-Jbalcony of the Richmond Nothing mr-re in this way was done until the Monday HowewithtibePrince—assurance.havingbeengiven morningfollowing. • - thattheprojectingframe-work -wascapableofsue-thecarriage*;andbeba4beendrivenaway,altogether, inthesamevehiclewhichthePrincealsooccapied. Tfce masses stood absorbed:**And rtfl they *az*dL « d «tfll the wonder pew,**Tfefct one >m»>J bark co> id c*rrjr Mm. with »o roach apparentMM*.«XKt«hownosignofbrwikliigUuongh."ThelastlineofthequotationisoutofproportiontItsneighbor. SowastheMayortohiscompanions.Perhaps a feeblo notion of the interior of the leadin lage. Doxin« tbe day a lively interview took place carriage, as it star ed briskly from the hotel on its waytotheSt.Lonis,Alton,andChicagoRailroaddepot,canbeindicatedthus:sible, it was well enough understood that th e PrinceofWalescouldnotenteri^hecitywithoutencounteringBorne demonstrations of intrusive curiosity. Some the next pretext for Disunion would be the Slaveryare apt to produce. As soon as the Prinse arrived, h e however sumptuous and artificially regal they may be,Slaves from bta e to Suae," and prohibits the action of Bell's slaves werf charged with peiog engaged in th's tr.m House o n every petition memorial, resolution.attempttorise,andwerefriedandexecuted. Thesoul propositionorpapertoochbgthesame,beandhere- sickensatt^e'crueltiesr-e>peirfttdd•nponthehelpleaa byisres.nded. .JohnQutof§rAdamsvotedforthL victims, charged with inftarrectiqnary designs, by ex- 0 r t b wLeavingbirdstobestuffedandbaggagetobetrans Major Teeedale and Colonel Grey lodged with the vil- ported, the Piince moved hither ward yesterday mornThe ethers of the party were variously distributed.taWring great, and even unusual, weighte—at the timebis BSghnees,appeared to acknowledge the greet-ing*oftbecrowd. Hehadaddre«s«dafewremarkstotbepublic,whichteemedtohavetbemannerofa«bora! o-.terai.ee. He bad act^d as fall escort for the idea*. Lord Lyon?, Captain Retallack, Mr. Speocer,royal company, when descending the staircase, to gain atd Mr. L e Due, were bestowed at Colonel Morgan's. lieve. Although coming in as private a manner as poslageschoolmaster,andtheirfirstevening'sgame,Iam told,wasatiltatEuclidwiththeinstigatorofyounging. He came by railroad as far as Alton, Illinois, and thencebysteamboatdirecttoSt.Louis. Tbereceptio; wasbad. Informalityisnotnecessarilyindifferenceto decency,astheauthorities of this cityapparently be-Stevensonprofessestoknow,tbath's"recordputsto ahametheallegationthatheiaaPro.Slaveryman," tbey night.. n*ver have joined Iin that conspiracy ag»in»t Pro-81avery men, whodemand and enforce work without wages. •Bat John Belt's record is " without a bTot," exclaims theemphaticandawe-inapiringStjevenaon..ing tbeir y»>t*s ag»inet the obnoxious 21st rule.SLAVERYEXTENSIONINTOTHBTERRITORIES.Mr. J Thomas Steveneon oracalarly proclaimed a Worcester that the " record of John Bell, which i« openwi'hootablotonit,putatoabamethebllegation that be ia an exponent of Pro-Slavery," that he '^stood upwithRomanfirmnesa, forageoeration.insteady oppoeition to the heresies of uttra men of his own sec tion." Men o f Mas>achu ettii! I n o w give, you tha . " record without a blot" on thegr at queation whether theTerritoriesshallbepollutedwithSlaveryorconse- cratedtoFreedom,tofree labor andtofreelaboringL'-rdHmchingbrookandtheHon Mr.Eliot,(St Ger- mainssson) finding-accommodations nearly,exhaust- ed, possessed themselves of a sleeping-car, which, switched t o a sidetrack, served them qoifce luxuriously as a reeidence for four nights, and a fair part of threedays. Thusallwerewelldispoeed,inexcellent, thooghinsomecases,novelanduoaccastomedquarters.Clay: " I t 18 paioful to see the unceasing efforts toalarmtheSouthbyimputationsagainsttheNorth-ofunconstitutional designs onthesubjectofSlavery."Andthatvenerablestatesman,in1836,againwroteofa sufceptibilty of the contagion of the heresy of nulli- migbty God—to the worda, not of the Stevenaons and fication, secesftion, and disunion, in the Southern States,men. Asyonexamioethisdark"record"forSltve• ry, you will instinctively exclaim, " Mr. J . Thomaf S'even8on i<»a mon >manrac, orhe means to deceive the) people of Massachusetts "On Sucday, the visitors attended charoh in the vil-prairie village.;'ST. LOUIS.. ST.LOUIS,Sept.27,i860.cited, alarmed, and maddened men. John Bell's slavesmaynothavebeen•"ngogedinthatwi'dattempttore- inCongress,,woohadtrampUdinthedustthesWedbel against toiling without wages, but some.of them light of petition,the ant'-Slavery sentimentof thft North-wereaccusedofit|tried,andputtodeath. Mr.J. emStateagrevrwithfearfulrapidity,andbidfairtoThomasStevensondeniesthatJphn BellisaPro- sweepeverythingbeforeit,anditwasfoundnecessarySlavery msn. " H i s record," he asserts, "puts to in tbe year 1840 to change the tactics hitherto positive-ahame the aiegation." I f John | Bell's dying slaves ly adhered to. W e accordingly fitd Mr. Bell and somehad sgreed with Stevenson—if they had known, as others this year taking a moderate coarse, and record-provieion should sorely have been made to preserve h'mfrcmpublicaohoyauceandincivility,buttheland- ing-place wasleft frf0 tothecrowd,.whogataered thereingreatnumbers,obstructedtheway,clangto the carriage, ho ted and howled as if celebrating the advent of a Choctaw chief, rather than welcoming a gentlemanoverwhomcivilizationissupposedtohave shed some of its benign inflaencee, and behaved i a a l lA thuman Slavery ever uttered in the halfa of the Con- gressoftheUnitedStages. J.TbjomsBStevensonre- pelstheallegationthatJohnBellMaPro-Slaveryman. Listen,menofMasaachuse'te-r-ybu whobelieveSla- very to be a crime against man and a ein against A l-respects with abominable roughness and rudeness.andofthe"inculcatedimpressionofapermaneatin- compatibility of interests between the North and the South." ."Hewas," saysBenton, "aSouthernman, but. bis Southern home could not blind him to tbe origin,JohnBellenteredtbeSenateintheyear1847.Afc this time the. nation wa8 profoundly sgitated witii t h e Territorialqu»ttionegrr>wiogoutoftheannexationof Tex8fi, and ifce con<eo»plaied acqu'sitions from Mexico*humWe possessor of the same illustrious name—in the South and the North."" A« to the lawfulness or sinmlnesa of the Institution of Slavery- whateverfrenzied or fanatic \priett* or more learned a n d r a t i o n a l d i v i n e s m a y p r e a c n , , w h a t e v e r t h e y »• a y a f f i r m o f Christian precepts or moral and relfgiods respouslb'H ies—what- ever iD»«rpretation of the law o' Na*uire or of Almighty G id they may anooarc**1—what-ver doc rlnes or theorie* of tbe equal- ities of hu»an rights, a- d of the different races of mankind, infi- del philanthropists, o r the dlscip'es o f aj tr*DS. endental creod^ of any kind m a v hold o r teach—however they m a y dogmatizef a c t , a S t . L o u i s h o t e l p r o p r i e t o r ) , t h e P r i n c e a n d h i s party were not eerioutly molested, a n d thftir evening passed with only such interruptions a s t h e soaring spirits of the crowd without made inevitable. ThereM r . C a l h o u n p r o c l a i m e d t h a t" Many in the Sauth once believed that Slavery wai a moral and politictil evil; that foil'? and delation are trono. ..W e seo it now.in' Its 'true light;.and regard it a'a the mout a&fe and stable baiis forfiee Institution* in the world" •,Hie lieutenant, Mr. McDuffie, declared that " Slavery were serenades,. too? in extraordinary number. A was the corner-stone of the Republican edifice." In- procession of serenades. Serenades with fife, and spired by such counsels, the aspiring men of the South rejected the sentiments a a d theories o f the Fathers oflr. Benton, "the supreme dogma of the transmigratory^ npo tbis hjpoth^-sis, and declare it to be a violattoo of the Ja^ fane ion of the Constitution " He denied t'aat " thedrum, a n d serenades with full bands; T h e entire nightwaspatchedtogetherwithmelodiesmorepi*less pure. This morning the Prime emerged from hisof Nature for any race to subjugate th'Jse of an inferior grade, and make them the instruments of irrprov«jment and ameliora- tion in their OTJ condition, as well as Inj that of masters or con-theRepublic,aesnmedSlaverytobeapositivegood' querors,incarrjiagforwardtbegrc»tworkofciviJiz*tioauntillaws of Mexico could keep Slavery out of the acquired tenitory." He declared that the Conatitutioo, with it3 " overriding control, ' would carry into and protect i a the new Territories slaves as property. These assump- tions of Mr. Calhoun, which were entirely contrary to all the previous opiniona of the eminent jurists and statesmen who fiamed t h e Conetitution and early ad- ministered it, -were resisted b y Mr. Webster, Mr. John Davie, Mr.Hamlin, Mr.John A..Dixof New-York- Roger S . Baldwin of Coxnecticut, Mr. Benton, a m i" Sir, rnBkirijt all due allowances for American enterprise and mig.tfallinthewayofmanyincidentsofpeculiar faudRCuyandtirelessenergy,indefiantmockeryoftheenergiesoffr^elabor,withalltheinsoiringadvantagesofo*irWe have some late army news from Texas. TheAssistant Adjutant-General of that Department havingbeen relieved, is on his way to Washington. Officers nation. Shall Slavery continue to expand ? Shall it "the people of a Territory, when'they came to fnrmContinue to guide the, councils of the republic? Or their State Constitution, and then only, were qnalified for theMJitary Academy (Lieute. Williamsand shall.itsexpansionbearrested,itspowerbroken,and toestablishtheirdomesticinstitutions!" Healsode- waspursuedwithunswervingperseverance.Atnoon Owehp)arealsoreturningfromSanAntonio.Com- itforcedtoretireut>derthecoverofthelocallaws claresthattheConetitution,propriovigore,thatthetbe leading quartette took shelter in a little clump of pany H, 1st Artillery, was to repair to Port Dancan under which it exists ? These issues loom u p before flag of the Union protects the citizen in the enjoyment 1j dwarf trees, or brushes, lunched for an hour, partly and join the artillery battalion there. Company H, 2d tbe nation dwarfing all other issaee, and subordinating of hia rights of property of every description recog-upon melons plucked from the vines around them, smokedforanother,andnappedforathird—for duringCavalry, is.assigned to Camp Cooper, and Gompany I to CampVerde. Ifthesoldiersmeet ahyhostileIn-all other qut stions. Public men a n d political organi- nized ae such, in any of th* States, on every sea, anditsinfluencecanr&ist—allwhichIdeclareIneverbe-fore taw so well uni-.ed in any person—I can't help ex- tbe middle of the day the game cannot be profitably dians en route th<:y are to disperse them.zations are forced to accept the transcendent issues growiogoutof»heexistenceofSlaveryinAmerica.in every Territory of the Union."RIGHT OFPETITION". .i Fughgent ther after, mak.c-Ou lodpoai B«u nniwith •u ©rat*S Benv1 /•Human dtfUi«U( theDie; whom vauctio fog who h a d n o prcMvh ttiec..lc I S sitftr .h« Jjislt teC andvtihe prison, diavcwi e*Cep« I PeuiteaBenv J, a/Mt-'i* BvL v« Gtor<t?hi't'i' th tri<;:, aa Ubcr1 Davii, inhuiun offc«u< " re*>»i thia r»v i: yt>u i t<a. or wbnIn IIInbiiUttie r' Job:- Uj in' LSad fctockb(AtCh^KDa> uatxict, B>i> • cc".X^..<'t<ti1- iz^'.01 h>^ diSlhv< repecoi'«>H Bell U\' on c j p i -U TO'John Bell entered Congresa in 1827, and united in Jobn Bell voted—No. When he voted with Davis, pursued. G- neral Bruce's party, however, maintained Officers writing-from the West still complain of Buf- yours has borne the banners of Slavery, won its victo- tbe cry against tho Administration of John Quincy Foote, Hunter, Mason, aud their ultra associates against presting m y nnditgnisad admiration. And though I their sport with only the briefest intermission. But at fering among the horses of the mounted.troops, owing ries and;shared iu its crime3. #gain6t humanity;- though Ad:.ro8. M r. J . Thomas Stevenson tells us that he the proposition of Honest John Davie, was he not " anhave not a t any time before st-pp* d aside to make a personal acknowledgment of the fcofod, I must n o w thank this gentleman, for others a s well as for myeelf,the cloee.of the day when, toward nightfall, all sought the general rendezvous, it was found that the Prince and the Duke had brought down more game than anybroken into fragments, struggles on, faitiiful still to trie stood beside John Quincy Adams in h i s long coateat exponent of Pro-Slavery"? o r w a s John Davis a n to the scarcity of fodder. The above companies are to interests of' Slavery. Breckinridge and Larie accept for the right of. petition. L -t ua tiirn to that record. exponent of Slavery ?ready worn-out animals m a y b e preserved until food forthe"nnnsualenjoymentwithwlichhehasactually othertwopersonswhotookpart. Iheardthedetails, becomtsmoreplenty.Slavery domination. Douglas " don't care whether reaolution, to th e effect that any petition praying for Slaveryisvoteduporvoteddown,"andJotinson, theabolj'ionofSlaveryintheD^trictorColuaibia commended by tbe Massachusetts Democracy at Spring- ought to be laid on the table, without beirg referred orblocked our way, so that we con id not have avoidad k, if we had tried ever so hard—ax d I ehall remark, in justice to ourselves, th»t we showed no disposition t obut don't remember a single one,for the ways, of sportsmen are ways of inscrutable mystery to me, and the minu'e particulars, eeeential,I believe,toacor-The United States corvette Vandalia is to be equip- field for hia " honest and fearless promulgation of Dem- printed. Thia blow, aimed *t thje right of petition, Ca'houn, and " waa nothing but a new scheme for the pedforseaforthwith.Orderfrhavebewireceivedat ocratictruth,"proclaimsthatit"isbestthatcapital waspromptly'metbyJohnQuincyAdams.He extensionof61*very." DenyingthepowerofCon- Brooklyntohaveherreadyforherofficersaudcrewon should ownlabor." TheAmericau Democracy,de- movea to laytheresolutiononthe table. Thiswa8 gresstolegislateuponSlaveryintheTerritories—find-youeverseethis,youmaytakeitHIifyou choose— (how can I help it ?)—and secure yourself immunity from future publicity b y sbowerinb; less good nature upon your guests hereafter—if you can, which, aftar(for the homy fleet), Saratoga (for the Coast of Africa), aohtude relieved by the thrift of men, is one of escape unharmed; but as it appeared, on investigation, and Vandalia, are to be officered and put in commissionbelieving, with their chosen leader, Abraham.LincoJn, Maseachuaetta, who dohot fail to affirm that M r. A d- being the supreme law of the land, it would override that • " hewho would be no slave must consent to have ama was right. At Worcester, Mir.Stevenson signi- the Anti-Slavery laws of the Territory, and plant the no slave," pledges itaelf, all itis, all u hopes to be, to fied h Bapproval of the t^orse of Mr. Adams, aud en- institution of Slavery under its a?gis, aud above the arrtstthe extension of Slavery, banish hfrom the Ter- deavored to make capital for John Bell by asserting reach of any Territorial laws or law of Coogreea to ritories, dethrone its power in the National Govern- that be " stood by" Mr. AdamB iii thid bitter contest. abolish it." This " new scheme for the extension of mentandforceitback under thecoverofState sov- But,fellow-citizens,letmer,ellyodin what way Me. Slavery,"which came from thefertile brainofthe ereignty. Bell"stoodby"—atbiogMr.Stevensonforgottodo- orreat championofSlaveryinAmerica,was resistedWhile the conflict, the "irrepressible conflict," is he "stood by" M r. Adams, and voted AGAINST his by Daniel Wt-bater with all his power. Calhoun came going on between Freedom and Slavery; while tho m<tion to l^y that infamous gag reEoIutionon the table. to the support of hie device to override the Anti-all, I don't believe.have a recollection, too, of a burning series of re- inforce our squadron in the Chinese seas.Pour eloop8-of-war, the Jamestown,' Germautownproaches levelled at the General and hia associates for A great prairie, a s w e s a w it with it8 uttermost permitting a deer, which w a s started b y them,, tothenoblest,ifnotoneofthemostxiautifal, sightsin nature. Theeyeaccustomedtoscenicvariationsof river and forest and broad bake and sharp acclivity, like those which break the wild Canadian landscapes into endlesschanges,fallslanguidlyat first uponthevaat levelmonotonewhichmeetsithere. Thenoveltyis so*ndden, and so extreme, that, fcr a while, you longthatseveralshotsweredischarged attheanimal,and thatdeerbideisinvariablyctpableofresistingthe influences of email shot, general opinion experienced a change, quite favortble to the General, and the omis- sionto"bag"wasoverlooked.tbisweek; an1will beatseabefore themiddleof November.The Board of Officers employed in examining sailing vessels for " conversion" into steamers, arrived here onSaturday,havingconcludedtheirbaBiaesBatPorts- mouth, N . H.,.and Boston. Yesterday they com- merced investigations into the condition of the Bran'dy-Henry A . Wise, then aa n o w a fiery champion ofand look around, yon see only the 1orizon stretching in aprodigiouscircle,withnosingleiiterveningobjectto inter'upt its regular and dis'ant outline. Not a hill,the tall grass had csoght^ and the smoke,which ar. sun- setwasthickinthehotizon,wassucceeded,asthe night advanced, by a vivid line of flame, with lurid shoots that leaped wildly and swept vioiously in irreg-Bell,' Henry A . Wise, and the disciples of John C. Calhoun "stood by,"andvotedin thenegative. This ifc th e manner in which Johh Bell " stood by"The evening of Monday was remarkable for the op-' pcrtuniiyitgavethe srangersofviewingoneofthedence imposes upon the men of ibis generation dutiesmoved to lay tbe resolution and amendments* u&onTbie echenie, t h e boldest and most aggressive move- ment ever made inCongress for.the extensionoffortheplashofthewaterfallagain,andthepicturesqueriseanddroopofthemountainr„ngeeyouhaveleft moststartling Bightswhichthisregion affords—a others,atBrooklyn. TaereportoftheBoardwillbe ple,ioglorionslyBhrankfromthelivingissuesofthe opinionsofMaaeacbueette,votedforthia generous Slavery,wassupportedbytheultramenoftheSouth,wine (Lafayette ship), theVandalia, Potomac,and Thesemen,representingportionsoftheAmericanpeo- Biigge,audthe;ra»a)ciatee,truetothe asntiuieataand behind.ForasyoustandnowontheGrrandPrairie prairiefire.SemethreemileseastwardofDwight, submittedtotheNavyDepartmentinafewweeks.'ageinAmerica,proclaimed"thatitisbotnthepartof propositionofslaveholdingKenuucky,whileJohnandopposed^itbdeterminedresolutionbyWebs.er, David, Hamlin, Baldwin, Dayton, Banton and their associates. OnthisgreatdevicetoextendSlavery over bundreda o f tbousanda o f square miles o f terri- tory, where stood John Bell, the man the liberty-lov- it g men of Massachusetts are now summoned to sup- p o r t b y t h e H i i l a t d e , t h e S t e v e n s o u a a n d t h e S a l t o n - atale? Didhestindup"withRomanfirmness"bynor even a mound, nor th e merest clump of trees ina n y s p o t ; a l w a y s a n e t e r n a l b a n d c a l m , w i t h b a r e l yhere and there an undulating wave to mark a shadowupon the plain. Nothing but the horizon, becaase ia abruptly over acres of the thicker and dryer weed, and ceeds two years by several months. She was on theW h i l e t h i s C o n v e n t i o n , t o d e l u d e , d e c e i v e , a n d c h e a t . I n M a y , 1 8 3 6 , P i n c k o e y o f S o u t h C a r > l i u a i n t r o d u c e dtbepeopleoftbeNorth,'proclaimsthat"itiatbepart hiareeolutionaagainsttherightofpetition,audtheseof1 patriotism, and duty to 'HKCOCNIZE NO I'IUNCI- resolutions, strangling the righfa of the people, passed, the aide of Webster, Davia aud their associates againstu l a r w i n d i n g m a z e s o v e r t h e p l a i n , u n t i l w h o l e m i l e s werelightedupwith\hefierceblaze.Howitdarcedthe eagerness for bold relief, the gaze wanders far over plunged through the ma&fles of shrubbery, and saemed coast of Brazil in 1855, commanded by the famous the infinite intermediate space, rating only at the to take weird shapes and fly aero*s'the fields in a mad, Alrasado Hunter.furthest vsrge, where the earth and the firmament are hot dance, like the march of an infernal legion! Andjoined. I t may be this that gives 1 ravellers their first they told us this was a commonplace sort of prairie fire, All the officers of the New-York station assembledimpression-ofdrearydissatisfactionwith tie prairies. comparedwithwhatwere sometimes seen. "Itwas yesterdaytobepaid,attheNavyYard,but nofundsPLE,' " the head and body of-the* party.in the South theHouse, being forced through ur.der the preaaureof tbe " ultra men of hia section ?" or did he go with vaunt their fidelity to Slavery, and triumphantly ap- the previous queation. John Bell again "stood by" Calhoun, Mason, Davia, Foote and their compeers forbaying arrived, they were compelled to go away ship, and the charms o f the scene 1 egin t o b e devel- On Tuesday morning another early hour found empty handed.legislate on the subject except so far as may be neces- extent whatever to the eubject of Slavery, shall, with- sary to protect the citizens of the Territory in the p?$.But a little watching, a few hours <f close companion- " enough, we knew,.and it was fit."sexswnandenjoymentofthisslaveproperly;"andoutbeingprintedorreferred,beMidonthetable,andoped. T h e broad squares o f tbicc growing wheat,shivering in the light breezes; the long straight rows Dwight, in " Stewart's Groove," a famous groundsprinkled with, a thousand delicate flow era, and weeds was mest fortunate of all. Daring the day, oocupa-Je&sup of Pennsylvania, Chairman of-the "Resolu- tion Committee" a t Chicago, C o l Wharton o f Vir- ginia, and b y Gov. Pennington. T h e last-named gen- tleman took occasion to define hia position in a veryof curious forms a n d properties—tbe compass-weed,tions were varied b y little attempts a t business with with fiat leaves pointing always, they say, to the tbe telegraph—the first time, I suppose, that affairs ofexercise this power whenever it is necessary. And w e hold thatthe right of slave property in tho Territories 5B justjaa secred as the rigbt of property of any other sort. * * * *•.John Bell's record, aa compiled un- der his own eye for the special purpose o f setting forthIn1 December, 1837, Mr. Adama] presented petitiona—all these are seen mingling in the n tost luxoriant pro more courtly phrases ran than ever before were regis- fusion, and covering the great platform, aswith a tered on an Illinois telegraph machine. /aupet of the tendereet texture and color. The calm The. 8edfflJNteffl shooting ended only when the sun, becomeslees oppressive, aada newsense,ofgrand dippingin^BSTwestern horizon, beckoned thepartypealed to in behalf of ' the Union, th e Constitution, and the enforcement of the laws.'"measureless tranquillity. A n d b y a n d b y ,^ If such sunsets could always be looked for, the worldfrom Lodi were present, and the greatest enthuBiasm mam" M r. J . Thoaaa Steveawon exclaimed with chanictoiiatic emphasis, " John B*ll af Tenneanee a nthe Prince's party far away to .the north of•'that the public spicches and acts of John Bell, dur- that no^further action be had thereon." John Bell,ing the period-of thirt.y-five years of active service in and the representatives of the Calhoun Democracy amendment, aa amended by the House, went back to-—A Republican Ratification Meeting Was hold at Li- ofcorn,ranged like stiff battalionti about theplain, for quails. Here the sport was even better braryHall,Elizabeth,N.J.,onFriday evening,overHigh pu bit again "stood by " and>voted for thia resolution, John c stations show conclusively that, the princi- Quincy AdamB a n d h ie associates voted againet thiaples and opinions setforth in.theforegoing resolutions resolution,;which violated one of the dearest rights of ar?inaccordancewithhisown;thathehasneverut-thefreemenofthenation.teredasentimentinconsistent 'Jierewith." Tfie Lou- InDecember,1837,Mr.PattonofVirginiamovedisville Journal, the Jeadirg organ of Bell in the to puspend the rube, in order to introduce a resolution South, declares,that, " We cold that Congress pos similar to the one proposed by Mr. Hawes. John Boilsesses the undoubted *'power to protect the rights of and his oompeers of the Calhoun Denocracy again pr<pe>ly of tvery kind in the Territories of tlie Union "Btoodby" and.voted for the Busrienaion of the rulesana that it is the unquestionable duly of Congress to —Mr. Adams and hia friends voting in the negative.the Senate. Jobn Bell voted againet the House amend- ment which preserved the Anti-Slavery laws of the ac- quired Territories, for twenty-eight months; thus giv- ing Congress or the people of the Territories a n oppor- tunitytokeepSlaveryoutforever;andwhenthepas- eage of the Civil and Diplomatic bill w as endangered by this Wa-ker amendment, J<hn Bell voted against re-ceding. To the last John Bell adhered to this device of John C . Calhoun for the extension of Slavery over the Territories won from Mexico. - I n thia bitter a n d prolonged contest w a s Daniel Webster—was John Davia "an exponent of Pro-Slavery ?" or w as John Bell "an exponent of ProTSlavtry?" Men of Massa-rig-dasgrenadiers,andmorethantniceaslofty,with than thedaybtfore, and,asbefore, thePrincetaseelaturningbrown,andplumesrowgray,andears andtheDukeledailtherestinsuccessfulshoot- sided.TheHall(thelargestin'thecounty)wasfull, peeping from their bosks, as yellow asgold; the bright ing. St me said the Duke proved himself the best and the Wide-Awakee, under Capt. J . W. Woodraff, green troops of sorghum plants; the uncleared acres marksman, others swore by the Prince, who certainly were out in full force. Speeches were madeby. Judgenorth and south, a.natural guide to Indians, the resin royal state were ever mingled with the loose sports of happy address of nearly two houra. O a r correspond-for the abolition o f Slavery and the slave-trade i n theDistrict of Columbia, aVd moved|theV reference to aCommittee. John Bell "stood by "^Mr. Adama on chusetts, would jou bfot out this " record" of Webster this oueation aa bf fore, a n d with Henry A . Wiee and arjd Davis? o r would you n o t rather erase thia P r o - theultrasvotedagainstthereference.OntbesameSlavery"record"ofJobnBell,whichStevensonweed, exuding big drops of white gum, the rattle- tbe field. A telegraph operator had accompanied the-ent says; " Everything looka bright with us—partic- anakeweed,believedtomitigatetheterrorsofallpartyfromDwight,and,justbytheentrancetotheularlyaferthisauspiciousopeningofourcampaign— inanauthenticformbisopiuion00theminorissuesofprevailed. Able speeches.were made by Joseph Hoxieion, is lightly broken by the chirping of the that even intheprairies,where allsunsets.have a glory of this city, and.Socrates Tattle,- es^ of Pateraon. without a blot on it, puts to shame the allegation."lie stillness, which seemed a t first gtagna* would awtemble t o witness them. B a t w e were toldrickets which settle everywhere a^oat in prodigious seldom elsewhere seen, nothing so strange and' start- The latter gentleman is said to be the choice of the These emphatic aentencea of Stevonson are, if not ofwarms,bytheswift prairie birds iashtng fromthe lingandwonderfulcould beremembered. Notonlytubbie, and by the rising wind, which moans over the the w<*t, but the whole heaven was irradiated with a gr<BBfrom the 1st District.open plain and whistles through th e grain in reetleen, purple glow of matchless luster, which w a s broken —The Republicans of Monroe County h-ave made theMr.LevertttSaltons-allischarged with thevattre- Bnonsitility ofkecp'.xg Mr. EvereU'e record, it maybe that he kuowe nothing of John Bell's record, and I acquit him of intentional miaatatemonta, and etiArif.al>ryCharles G. Atlierton of New-llamriahire, in the Hou-*> moved a sospeneion of the rules to ouable him to efter these reaolutiona. Aa it required a two-tbirda vote tothe " exponent* of Pro-Slavery ?". John .Ball voted with the Borlanda and the Fqotes for the extension of the Missouri Compri miae line through free territory to . thePaciiio;andwheutherepresentativesoftbepeople rejected thh» unhallowed pronorition, John Bell, the conaiatont " exponent of Pro-Slavery," voted against receding. . •In the Winter of 1860John Boll introduced nine reso- lntionB concerning the Territories; among theao resola- tiona waa one to the effect that " all the territory cedod to the United States by the treaty of Guadalupe Hidai-So soft, so gracious, so fall of bounties are these swell- Borealis. A tone moment there was set plainly in the of Sessions, A. S. Clark.J. Thomas Stevcnaon vaunts hia knowledge of John could kill the resolution* only by. preventing the rulesing fields, that o n e might s a y that Sfature h a d here skies a g) eat shell, perfect in form, and tinted with a •yieldedherbosomtotheworhl,forsUwhowouldto thousandtimesthegorgeouenessoftheVenuB'sEar; come and net upon, and take therefWm the choicest and the next, vast continents of livid flame, seemed—On Thursday evening there was a large and enthusiasticRepublicanmeetingandVWide-Awakeparadeintotbeheresiesofultrameninhiaownsection;"howfrom being suspended, and on th's feet vote, John Bell again"stoodby"aud^votedtoaiuipend—Mr. Adams<-•--blessings she could give.floating away alone, divided by vapory seas of softest S. Ferry and Mr. Stewart L, Woodford.were introduced; For the tour ihk resolutions John Bell voted, and for u part of tiio fifth; to the effect thatw^.^^^^W.^^..,>>^«,which Capt. Tubbs of the Executive Committee, pre-reptiles as well as that from which it specially takes its grove, had affixed a portable apparatus to the wires and we havereason to hope that the Vth District, and our politics, and as recently published at length in our day M r. Adama offered aome more petitiona, and boaateia " without a blot?" Shame on such a " r e -name,andothersofsupposedvirtuesndcertainbeauty; which ranalong beside theraUway,throughwhich especiallyUnionCounty,willnotbebehind,whenap- columns,commits himunequivocally and indisputablymade the tame motion of reference; and John Bell, true to hia slaveholding iualincta, again "blood b y , " and with the politicians of the South Carolina school, voted Nay.In 1837, John Quinsy Adama presented to the House the petit.on o f eight women o f Fredericksburg, V a. Mr. Patton of that State moved aj euapenaion of the lulee to enable him to oiler a reeoliiiion to return that petition to Mr. Adama. This proposition, so inaulting to John Quincy Adams, afforded iinother occasion for John Bell to "stand by " tbe champion of the right of petition, which he did, by votiuj; in favor of «he in- sult.cord," a n d ahame o n the Massachusetts man who will pronouLce auch a "record" " without a blot!"Mr. Douglas moved in 18-19 that th e Missouri Com- promise line be extended to t h e Paciiio Ocean. Thia proposition waa made in th e interest of Slavery. I t waa not a proposition like the original Compromise to extend the line through slave territory, but it was a propoeiticn t o extend tuat line through free^-territory, and to give to Slavery tens of thousands of square miloe of free soil. D id John Bell ataud up with Ro- man -firmness aguinet, thia Pro-Slavery proposition? Did he 8tod with Webster, Davis, Hale, Hamlin, Baldwin, Dayton, Corwin, a n d their associates w h o stood with Roman tirmnesa aa the exponents of free-to the very doctrine"—that is, to the slave code.Some doya ago I addressed a public meeting in th e City of Boston in regard to the position of John Bell and hia aupporteja, up^n lhe isauea growing out of theand stately seienity, spreads over jthe seen*. T h e homeward. T h e w a y was lighted with a . luminouOggedneeaofnatareseemsabandoned,leavingonly splendor,whichIcanonlyrecallwithamazement dayevening,onwhichoccasiontheWide-a.wakes anddefiantlydenie6thatJohnBallisa"Pro-Slavery—The first regular meeting of thePassaic,N.J., Wide-Awake Club was held in that village last Fri-existerceof humanSlaveryintherepublic. IBeeby the public press that Mr. Leverott Saltonatall flippantlyRepublicans of Passaic County for member of Con- "-lea'rnedV length," of "thundering eound." A e this rEarly in December, 1838, a series of Pro-Slaveryresolutions werepreparedbyMr. RhettofS.C,aud dom?ordidheataudwiththo "ultramenofhiasec- adopted by a cancue which assembled athia inaUnce. lion"—Atchison, Butler, C»lhoun, Davis, Hunter, andmelancholy cadence. Bat the sentim ent of grand pla- into fantastic outlines, and which seemed to dart and following nominations: County Treasurer, Jasou a<jciifce hia.jlippaut utterances to that zeal which iacidityandreposeis,af.erall,thatwhichmostprevails. flickernotunlikethepalergleamsoftheAurora Baker;SuperintendentofPoor,CalvinFulton;Justice withoutknowledge. LetSaUonetallpaea1BatMr.dependtherules,'the,.-friendsoftierightofpetitionft'and characteristic interest. I mentioned \he political sentiments of mankind and the laws,of the living God. favorite system o^ government, I dovht\ whether the power and other*, then acknowledged to be the leading atateemih The right of petition was for years cloven down, the resources of the cow trv would have attained more than one-half of tbe Whig and of the Democratic parties. Bat thesesire for retirement, avoioing even the lightest sem-blance of intrusion. T b e second w a s from a pair of with a little effort. A u d here, a t St. Louis, if th e c«nstitutional right of tbe freedom of speech and of the viled institution of Slavery. Sir, your rich and varied commerce,display, which, a t Chicago, miglt have been witnessed their present ext'anrdinarg proportvivs, put for- the so much re-pernicious theorize were sustained by Jefferson Davis, berjatora Mason and Hu&ter, Henry S. Foote, and with ihem' cooperated JOHN BELL. They have now be- come the doctrinea of th e alave-code Democracy, and of moat of Mr. Bell'8 supporters in the alavehoiding Sta'ea.time,intimated, of sharing the pablic tables with theother guests, some little social pictures, n o t altogether weighi to her end o f t h e beam." T h e army w a s their present gigantic proportions."narchedtotbebanksoftheRioGrande,thenation •k . - * . ' - * * , , ; . * * * * * pleasant, perhaps, but certtiuly memorable, might crawn iuto-a war, and half a million square miles of " 8Jr, the fabled birth of Minerva, leaping in full panoply fromE^rly in 1818, Jobn Bell voted with the " ultra men have presented themselves to M m . H e might, for territory won. The North was forced ignomioiously tbe head > f Jove, if a futh -and no fiction, would scarcely be of bis section," to lay on the-table resolutions intro-o r y a b o u t t o b e a c q u i r e d f r o m N e w - M e x i c o . W a s reserve, he refrained from giving ijhe place the name of aDd straightway turned about toward "hum," not institution to wlbich the modest citizenp of the South dom .by Mexican humanity and law.. A Fugitive primitive period of organized society—from its ear'ieot and patri- this standing up with " Roman firmness" against thaits natural parent, applying instead that of a seniormember of his own profession, he seems to be the ac-knowledgedheadandvitalpowerofthecoramuoi-y—theembodiedConstitution,andpossiblytheby'laws. Ihave BO earneetly?4nvited hia attention—a traveling family group, consisting of a stately father, a petulant,Slave law, inhuman and unchris-'tinn, was eoaetea. andarchal form to tblH.time in «v»-ry quarter of tb« globe, and in allin America are now the paramount issues before the people to legislate on that question. He declares thatThe American Democracy, which for twenty-fiveproceed very slowly to their destination, that the al- the creed of Slavery expansion, Slavery protection and In January, 1836, Mr. Jarvia of Maiae introduced.aMr. Walker of Wisconsin moved to amend the Civil and Diplomatic bill by extending the Constitution a n d laws 01 the United Sta'ea over th e Tarritoriea. Thia proposition, M r . Benton e-ys, was prom pted b y Mr.attemptanysuchavoidance. ThereCol.Morgan,if rectnarrationofevents,haveallescapedme. Butit thefirstofNovemberwithoutfail. Shewasaccord- moralizedbySlavery,hasceasedtospeakoftherights thebeginningofthegreatandjmemorableconteet ingSlaveryactuallyexcludedfromthecededTerri-iscertainthattheday'ssportwasunusuallysuccessful, ofman—itLOWspeaksonlyoftherightsofpropertyin whichforsomanyyearsragedintheHouseofRepre- tories,anadesiroustogetitthere—"Mr.Calhoun,the ingly taken in hands yesterday and prepared for opera- man! The Republican party, brougnt into existence sentatives and convulsed the nation, and in which Mr. real author of Mr. Waiter's amendment, took the n e wand that the Prince (which had notbeen expected) tions. To-day caulkers will be employed and putto by the aggressions of Slavery upon Freedom, cherish- Adams won unfading laurela; .which even now call conception of carryitg the Constitution into them bagged more birds than any of his competitors. 1 work on her. The Vandalia, it is understood, is to re- ing the faith of the founders of the Republic, and forih tbe praiseB of the HillardBland S<evensona of which arriving there; and recognizing Slavery, a n ipeal to the record of their choeen leader. Mr. Adama and the right ofpetitiojn, by dodging the vote. I .THE UMON STATE CONVENTION OE ALABAMA In 1837, Mr. Hawee of Kentucky introduced a rea-passes resolutionB affirmiog toat "neither Congress olution, "that all petitiona, "memoriala, reaolutiona,nor Territorial Legislature has any right or power to propoeitiona, o r papers, relating inj any way o r to a n ytbia " new scheme for the extension of Slavery V John Bell steadily and persieteatiy voted for thia meaauretof Slavery propagandism with the men of the- Calboun-school. This amendment was carried, went to the Houee, and the House, on motion o f Richard W . Thompson of Indiana, vqted to amend it so that the ex- isting laws there should be retained and observed until the fourth of July, l8r>0. The bill with Walker'sexponent of Pro-Slavery ! Hia record, which ia open,Btll s record, for he tells us h o w " h e stood'up-withRoman fixmneaa for a generation in steady oppoaitionNewark, Conn. Addressee were maie by the.Hon. 0 . frtruggle for the right of petiiion," and what other he- roles were suspended, and the reaolutiona of the c-tnoua"he ftood beside John Quincy Adams through all hia with M r. Fillmore and hia fri&ula voting No, The"gENTJM BKTS CONCERNING SLAVERY.To-day I propose to.speak of•Jihn.Bell and hisAUO- tories, orto prevent the- reaovsl of slaves fr>m Statethe n rpery of the military; your ample revenue; the pahf'c credit; jour manufactures; your rich, populous, and "piendid citi*>«—all.allmayI-acetothisinstitution, astheir well-spring,"ultramer of nis section?" In 1848, Mr. Clayton re- ported a bill to establish Territorial Governments i a Oregon, New-Mexico, and California. Tbi* bill pro- posed to refer all queetiona af Slavery in tbe Territories to t h e Supreme Court. • This wa8 a <moet dangerouB proposition, a s t i e dogmaaiu t h e D-ed Scott decision demonstrate;andJ<>hnBellsteadilysupportedthis insidiona measure, which was intended to obtain a Dred Scott deciaion.Mr. Clark of Rhode Island moved to add to the sixth section that " no law, regulation, or act of the Govern-" ntitber Congress nor the Territorial Legislature, nor trary to its will." Entertaining sentiments like these ment of said Territory, permitting Slavery, shall be any hom»n power, has any authority to annul or impair concerning human Slavery and its results iu America, valid unleea the same 8balt be approved by Congress.'*'it» remits even the ni«gn5ficent result of African Slavery in the : United States—Is declared to be against the law of Nature. ill-tempered infant daoghter, and, standing behind these vic'on*8 of Slavery over Freedom. The pro *, * *•. , Yet Slaveryand allitsbeneficent results are bibitionofSlaveryinKansasandNebraska was ab- pronouncedtobeagainsttbewill of|3od,bythosewhoclaima them, a comely andalmost handsome mulatto girl, rogated,andthe-slavemasterspermittedtorangewith superiorillumin'.tionuponthesubject. I* * *•, It seems to my weak fscnlt'ei th»t it is rather an arrogant and pre-ofthevigorousspiritofthisregion.C^lMorganintotmailerband*wa*thetir-1movement.Onecon-theone,andtorturedbythevicioustyrannyoftheTheSupremeCouitwasbiddentodecree,intheDredasweknowthemt<vbe,forf^eVlemantddeclaret*attha1--whichbelieve in.ARMY•" _•AND NAVY. •'INTELLIGENCE.lie procla'me that " humanity to trie slave aswell, notBell vot- d against thia amendment with the Pro-Siav-public men and political organizations forced to indorsethisvested right." The nation has been forced' to acceptthecreeds, acknowledge thesway, andbear theciimesof slave propagandism, andnow Slaveryie master of the Republic.slave and to teat hia cause in the Territ >rial Courts, and in case the decision ia against him, to take tbe cause to the Supreme Court of the United States, aad to notify theAttorney-Generaltoappearthereinanddefendthe same. TheultramencftheSouthandJohnBell voted flgainet this measure i n favor o f humanity and personal freedom.Mr. Davis of Massachusetts moved to amend M r . Clayton's bill by adding that there shall be neither Slaverynor involun'ary servitude in the Territory.lessthanjusticetothemaster,recdmmends thepolicy ervchampionsoftheSouth.of diffusion and extension into \any new Territory Mr. Baldwin of Conneificut moved to amend Mr.adapted to its condition !" Entertaining the8e senti- Clayton'a bill by m&king it the duty of the attorneysments in favor of Slavery, its results aud ite expansion,nation is profoundly agitated, with the great contest,andtheeyesofthe nation areuponus,aConvention,assemblesinthecityofBaltimoretoplaceinnomina-tion a candidate for the Presidency. God in hia provi- DiBtriot of Uolumbia. Chiltou ^JJen of Kentucky treated aa enemies of tbe South all that opposed it.*"whichmustbebravelyme>orign->miaioubly ebuQned.thetable. Adams,Jackson, Hoar,Lincoln,CuebingSlavery,movedtoamend Jarvia'aresolutionbydeny- Bentonj"hiaintenttocarrySlaveryintothese Terri- :irgthepowerofCongresatoabol"hSlaveryinthe toriesunderthewingoftheConstitution,andopenlyi\ **•Underthe despoticcourse of t h e ^ S ^ e r n Pire-eateraSlavery laws of the Territories, and avowed, says Mr. -*.'«.- ••roic Geeda he j)erf'ormed, •Untitled DocumentThomas M. Tryniski 309 South 4th Street Fulton New York•>-«./ 13069.^^___r^.-•--"y<*ik^^X;£?F&*^^SCS«aS33««»(tKi«iJ jS&BH&Ui www.fultonhistory.com 