 M.W.%m*£*mm**"rSPrjMIL 7*3KitALP m ^blWM^MTooUttmsrOirDBMCM,trasthadeffacedthemoralimpressionmade plainedofbyourtailorsisowingmoretothe TROUBLESorTHENEWYORKDBMOCRACT.—toss probable. The Hew Grsnadian government by Waterloo. At tiie time for the meeting of the Charleston The subscriber . have refused permission to the Chiriqui Company faulty system of manning our merchant ships attendance at the M to constructarailroadacrosstheIsthmus,alleging Thesegreatobjectahavingbeenachievedby thantoatyrannicalorcruel despotismonthe Convention approaches, the contest between thirdasgreatasttwa.(MOJBSU ntnawJanSan^Fyta^" " f /^toSaWw^S"'© vlent)•OS*fclf* tjyWMSft, afla**.Mo. 1 0 1 short shout one half. The health of the country of 1859 opened with the famous words of ill the very scum and refuse of the service, and their friends at Charleston. A t usual, the settles down to a fair ratio, and the present n- was good. omen at the imperial reception. Diplomacy are palmed off on shipowners by the boarding- State of New York will tend two complete traordinaryfluctuationscease, It may be vorfc InCongressyesterdaytheSenatepasseda renewedandIncreaseditseffortstopreventthe housekeepersandlandsharkswhomakea delegationstotheConvention.Eachdelega- more;forthenthepropertybelowCsVaanam billprovidingfortheextensionoftheperiodin war,butthecampaigninItalyendedwithtat livelihoodOutoftheadvancewagespaidto tionwillclaimtobetheonlySimon-pure- streetwillInallprobabilityreverttothertlaewhich Oregon can locate certain grants of land. humbling of Austria at Solferino. The peace the sailor. Original-Jacobs article. Each set declares that it represented some five aad twenty yean a nBAW*.service; in none other that w e know o f a r e Convention never pretended t o decide at t ofive or six years ago.PEACE BETWEEN SP AIN AND MOROCCO.—The Prince Albert brings advices of the mentofthetreatyofpeacebetweenSpaini Morocco, and which was to be signed at Tttuanontie'2dofApril. Moroccoistocons to Spain all the territory between the sea sal the road to Andjera, a place about fott leagues southwest of Ceuta, pay aa Indemaity—SWMUMW• nB—roMvnt Faouc.dependentexistenceofthekingdomofSardinia,at hairH o s e C o m p a n y N o . 1 4 ; Mr . D a n i e l C u r r y , o f H o s e T o - d a y L o u i s N a p o l e o n c o n f r o n t s t h e o l d a g a i n s t t h e c o n s e q u e n c e s o f p a c k i n g i n t o t h e t h e N e w Y o r k e r s c a n d o w i l l b e t o h e l p t o r a i l r o a d t o B u f l a l o , a n d a s f a r N o r t h a a M o n t r e a l a a d a tAIDported to have foundered at set. Theoffieerin ries to the Dardanelles. The French and charged against the officers of oar mercantile payers of New York permit such tilings to go trad* (aadcharge of the despatches Is among those who British troops had stood side b y aide for marine. W e recently took occasion to show ont • ware saved.* In Peru the fall of President CsstiUa eleven months before Sebastopol, and the oo»rwashourlylookedfor. WarwithBoliviaappeared that the harsh treatment occasionally com-Baldwin a Co., 01 rue Qoraeilie. aUam-ao...De Cbapeanroage a Co.•AtUkamd Sh* • / aspa moJlmlfL'om*•MusjaoomTHISsniniro.icAPsan o»MUSIC, -Don P AMUALS..-LOTS fOB L0CS-THKATMS, SM Broadway.-Coons*bersandFourteenthstreets,propertyiathat portion of the city lying below Chambers streetioftheBuaorau*EMTIO*orranHKRALDmgk*Ki*mmm*iAustria, and the latter Power was selected as the next to feel the developement of the Na-if they can help it. The source of the evil ties, as we have stated, in a system which givesMas-Argus, the organ of the Confidence Cassi- No doubt Barnum is quite right jatnpmOVQBAWn TH1AT1S, M MUffV.-Tn0*7lad admissionofKansasintotheUnionwasthentakenhealth and comfort of the sailor rendered more New York democracy; it only patched up the andannexingtotherepubliconlytheprovinces subordinatetothethirstofgain. Couldthe difficultyforthetimebeing. ThereintheCon- statisticsofdiseasefromthesecausesbecol- ventiondisplayedadegreeofsolidcommon*OOOPBE INSTITUTE.—Iintmoi or Patia'S Oaioix u. ecutive session confirmed the apointment of Messrs destiny of the Napoleonic dynasty.l a t i i s o» t u Ooumt or USATB—Afternoon and Bveaiag.r A O R I M M A m o s P i l s b u r y , J a m e s B o w e n a n d J o h n G. B e r g e n T h e s u c c e s s w h i c h h a s t h u s f a r a t t e n d e d h i mwith it, would probably have attracteddown all the party candidates for the Presi-of commerce with her, and admit a Ssasiakinstitution, originated a warm discussion. TheHii*>t W AR OTRT TQRK HERALD. WEPNKSPAY, AP1H. II, Ifigd-TOIPLE6HEW YORK HERALD. amSOBOOI••MMBJTT,withUnitedStatesdespatchesonboard,Isre-generallycreditedintenttopus*herbounda-tunityofflingingiaoarfacestheseveritiesfortheirpurposes.Howlongmillthetax-moaieligibleandto grow rankled with well founded AvesselboundtotheSandwichIslands, Anatria,aadwaatowedpubliclyto«ls«ywTi.»The English journals seldom lose an oppor-our private strikers? Therefore, when a really n o d man i t nominated for office they reject him, because they know that he cannot be usedLouis Napoleon, an interval of peace succeeded. Our St Domingo correspondence is to the 8th in which he prepared his coup. This was as-the contending factions of the New York demo-faot,beaBg after dark aboutNew York Fire Department was held last night in the power of ministers and cabinets to break Firemen'sHall,MercerstreetMr.Wm.Miller,ofthem.deemed necessary the presumption is that the voice of the delegates from this State initiateTroy, from ten to twenty thousand metropouieaLaguavra a n d Maracaibo, a t rates given elsewhere. The war between Spain and Morocco has proba- There w as more doing to freights, and especially for English ports. Among the engagements were 60,000a bly ended. The preliminaries of a treaty of peace 60,000 bushels corn and wheat to Liverpool, in bulk and betweenthetwoPowersarepublished. inships'bags,at5d.a,6d.,and600bblaflourweretaken The London money market was rathertight,and for London at 2s. There were also going forward prettyan advance of the rate of interest was contem- freely cheese and other provisions. plated by the Bank. Consols on the 31st werequotedat94a94Jforbothmoneyandaccount Highly Imporlant from Eutope-The name hasbecome synonymous throughout clared,intheHouseofPeers,tobewithoutato consummate this base swindle upon the city intelligence. But a short time is consumed in putting il of New York. It is said that Governor Mor- on the press, and in a few momenta the gigantic machine- ry is in motion and throwing off the now full printei gan will veto them, upon the grounds that they sheets at the rate of twenty thousand an hoar. 1 it(band,however,oninspection,thatapartoftheimprev skm is indistinct, and more time must be lost in remedy- ing this difficulty. The press is stopped in an Instant, aad in two or three minutes it resumes its work, throwing off at the same rapid rate the now clearly printed sheets There is little more than a quarter of an hour BOWleft la completethework. Thepapers,aa wehavesaid,mattsiderable agitation in Switzerland.The Paris Bourse was considerably agitated, andpriceshaddeclined. Americansecuritieshad un~Swiss War Movement. the world with that of tool orInstrument, parallelintheannalsofwarfare. We learn from excellent authority in Paris, ready for every purpose. In the contemplatedneeded in the city, these bills do n o t lu fact,supply them—they merely give the right to cer-tainindividualstoconstruct them when theydergone no change.TheLiverpoolcottonmarketwasverydull,andthatshortlyprevioustothedepartureofthemovementofhertroopsintotheprovincesof Hereisasinglecase,which,inrevoltingin-please, and prohibit all others from runniog be op at Thirty-first street by twenty minutes past three,railroadlinesthroughthestreetsembracedin orifnot,thepeopleinAlbanyanilnotbeable the several bills, however much they may be to road the HBULTI at breakfast; and haviag onesenjoyed that pleasure, they will be considerably disap- required. Wearethereforeleftentirelyatthe pointedifthereshouldbeanyfailure. Theyoaghttomercyofasetofspeculators,toputtheroads haveitassoonas thehitherto more favoredcitizeasofa decline of one-eighth of a penny on the inferior qualities is reported. Breadstuns were dull, and previously reported rates barely maintained.mails for the Niagara, the French government received advices that the Swiss republic had ordered troops into Chablais and Faucigny. Subsequent advices by the Prince Albert indi-Chablais and Faucigny, to which she never humanity and recklessness of life, outweighs claimed a right of possession, she is evidently all the complaints that have been accumulated actingunderpressurefromsomeofthegreat againsttheofficersofourmerchantships.They Powers, whose design is to bring about a gene- are the more inexcusable from the fact that the ral war before Louis Napoleon has had time to government authorities in India are directly cement his new alliances. Logically con- responsible for them, and could have pre- sidered, an early general war presents the only vented them by the exercise of a littleThe Anglo-Saxon, which left Liverpool on 'the28th and Queenstown on the 29th alt, arrived at cate that these orders had been counter-our metropolis, aad they will have it unless soma terrihls we think there are broader grounds upon and unforeseen calamity should occur. There a now which the Governor might base his veto. exactly twenty minutes left to get the required five thou-sand printed, counted, packed up and placed oa tin These gridiron schemes are nothing more than wagon, which is now waiting in A na street, at the door an infamous robbery of the rights of this me- of oar paper delivery, ready to receive them The bug*Portland last evening. manded, but that Switzerland continued toCapt Paddock, of the brig Martha Kendall, ar- protest energetically against the annexation ofrived at Gibraltar 11th ult, reports that he saw to these provinces by France, and that a Euro- hope of stopping the march of the Napoleonic care. The coroners jury have found thatthe westward of Cape Spartel the bark Mystery, of pean Congress would probably be called to policy, and of reioscribing upon the charter of the provisions supplied by the governmenttropolis. TheLegislaturehasnolegitimate, press,however,isoncemoreinmotion,thetenfeeders authority to make away with them, and Gov- are as wide awake as they can be, and keep up the eap- ply with a rapidity of motion which can only be compare* to machinery, and aa the fully printed HKXAUW art thrown off, they are seised by other hands, who rush asBoston,andbarkNorthwood,ofNewYork,bothbound east; also that it was blowing very fresh consider the question.from the east, and could not beat through the This is a hostile atttitude that is full of import,Straits, so they stood in under Spartel for shelter, and unless the difficulties it involves are han-and were fired Into twice from the coast of Mo- dled with tact and moderation by both parties,rocco. it may be the spark that will kindle a general InanothercolumnwillbefounddetailsofnewswarinEurope.TheSwissrepublicisnota from Ban Francisco np to the 20th ult, per steamer European Power that could venture, unaided, Seaora to Panama, and thence to this port by the to provoke a war with France on technicalEuropetheoncestipulatedexclusionofthe asstoresforthetroopswerebadandunfitforNapoleonic dynasty from the throne of France.steamer North Star, which arrived early yes- points of treaty interpretation, and its paststeps leading from their several potttioas lass /Inanyevent,however,aveto,wefear,will thecountingdepartment,wharetheydeposittheirbur- dens. Having performed this operatlaa, they make another desperate rush tor the press, own, as if ageia pursued by the same disagreeable associates, and makingterday morning. The excitement at San Fran- history shows that it has ever been more dis- cisco sad other parts of California, in regard to thedeliberative body that we know of are such scenes of unmitigated blackguardism to be met with. In the worst days of the Nationalfare of a common workhouse. The ingratitude them over the Governors veto. Neither jus- of such conduct is only to be equalled by the tice nor decency can stem the foul tide of cor-criminal neglect which sacrificed lives so valu- ruption and fraud which sweeps over the pre- able. Let British philanthropists talk to us sent Albany Legislature.after this of the horrors of Southern slaveryand the atrocities of American sea captains.a dash at the pile of papers which has been thrown efl" ta their absence, they seise them with both a-**;**** them across their shoulderi, and, bearing them off, de- posit them within reach of the counters. The rapiiity with which all this is done, remarkable aa it is, is throwsln the shade by the oountert-4hat is, tha awn who art employed to count out the papers previous to *•*»•** livery. These oountors are wonderful foBows a a wsilver ore discoveries at Washoe, Mono Lake and posed to temporise, in all its difficulties, thanby any unwise act of energy to incite hostileofadventurersweremigratingtothedjj- feelings against itself. We must conclude, Convention of France, in the heated discus-Walker Lake, in Western Utah, still continued, andThe statements in regard to the richness of therefore, that it has been stimulated to thissions of the National Assembly following on the deposition of Louis Philippe, in the angry debates in the Irish House of Commons which preceded the Union, and, in short, in all thethe ore, and the extent of the discoveries, were the subject of many contradictory newspaper reports. A violent shock of an earthquake waa felt on theact by some of the great Powers, who are con- templating with distrust the successful march of the Napoleonic policy and ideas. It is wellFLUCTUATIONS OF REAL ESTATE IN THE CITY.—A material revolution In the value of real estatein this city hat been going on for tome time. way, a n d performAlps. It was his policy to create allies and notenemies in Italy, and Louis Napoleon has obeyed ours would contrast favorably with those o fsense which was eminently refreshing.But, whether or not the compromise system is adopted, the quarrels now raging here, and WtBUVS SALOON, Broadwav.-Oao. CnmtsTT'B MIX- Legislative proceedings. Our special despatches teen centuries Italian union, nationality and of indignation in England, which, but to be transferred to South Carolina, will haveI I D W I B A c.up and debated till the adjournment A vote on the bill will probably be taken today.BBTARTS* MIKSTHJUA. MllMlsllls'JUILsTl Bron*- • • l Snai seanse. Bonus, Dmcae, to.—THE BnunonLThe news from Albany ia Interesting, but we it to the letter in the erection of a great Italian the British marine, both naval and commercial. have not space for an extended reference to the kingdom, which revives for the first time in fif- A case is just now exciting a stormniuiaSanas,DAJKH,BnuNm,ac-Wano. andreportsgivethedetails.TheSenateinex-independence,andbindsitirrevocablytotheforsomepeculiar features mixedup onecertaineffect,andthatwillbetobreakof20,000,000ofpiasterstoSpain,makeatreatyFrance, effected a practical alliance between* J~'Uhm^ia violation of their contract ss a cause.ult Theletters arefilledwith complaintsof atoted by the rankling between Russiaand sponsibilitywhowillresort to harshmeasures nentsofthetwountorrifiedcliques—theAlbany "*>Yea*,Marshtt,1S60.part of American shipmasters.few men placed in a position of to much re- explosion promises to be terrific. The expo- cordingr/ to the amount above statedFrench and Spanish influence in the governmentof the republic, and the contempt with whichUnited States interests are treated. Commercially poleonic policy. For nearly a year diplomacythere is little or no news. The tobacco crop in theneighborhoodofSantiagowill,itissupposed,be •trovetoparrythestroke;buttheNewYear onlybeacteduponbyterrorism. Theyare agreatdealofnervousnessastothefateof yearstocome,wbenthevalueofrealestateMr. Sumner presented a memorial from Frank B. cf Ylliafranca burst upon Europe at the very Sanborn, the individual who resisted the United 'moment when the Continental dynasties andAdmitting, for argument take, that all the a bolt would result should the Convention take and It will doubtless remain pennanently at reproaches cast on our commercial marine are in one delegation and leave the other out in that rate. Now, however, being out of the use well founded, there are other sins which hap- the cold. The practice of the conventions of of the dry goods trade, which always aaa> pily cannot belaid to its account We hear 1852 and 1856, when the democracy of this mands fancy prices and exorbitant rente, aej of no complaints that the food of our Statesenttwodelegations, was to dividethe which Is rapidly being fixed betweenCham-States officers in Massachusetts recently, and whosecase is sofreshin the minds of our readers thatfarther reference to it at this time is unnecessary.SanbornasksforredressatthehandsoftheSenate. ceived bythem with unmistakable evidencesThe memorial was laid on the table. The Home-stead bill was then taken np, and a discussion en-sued upon the everlasting slavery question, inwhich Messrs. Doolittie, Mason, Chestnut and others press orders o f the French Directory, he madesailors is bad or insufiicient, or that seatsequallybetweenthecontestants,thedele-their bodily health is not sufficiently cared for gates themselves electing from their own num-This cannot be said of the English merchant ber the persons who served. The National and the Park is for less valuable than itthe English tories hoped to accomplish their desired anti-Napoleonic coalition, audit was re-of dissatisfaction. Following up the Napoleonic idea, Louis Napoleon pursued the policy that his uncle adopted, when, in violation of the ex-.-.-knanocm-VnciM Ton*BGianr tookpartIntheHouseMr.Taylor,fromthethetreatyofMay15,1796,recognisingtheIn-sanitaryprecautionsmoreneglected,andthe themeritsofthefamilyquarrelsamongtheKmtec-PiMOV HWOBT-BWW $UJudiciaryCommittee,presentedaminorityreporton the President's protesting message, sustainingthe position of the President The bill for the of Savoy and Nice to the highest ridge of thelected from the two countries, it is certain thata s l i t t l e a t t e n t i o n a s t h e e q u a l l y c u l p a b l e_ CMUMls TBI Broadway -flaw. TOM THUMB'S I n - as Police Commissioners under the amended Police in developing the Napoleonic ideas has not instances of inhumanity and disregard of life mour, the Magnus Apollo of the Cassidy Spain a coast of about five leagues ia extent atAI»«mirr— AlurnooB aad Iveatag. act It is stated that John A. Kennedy will, in all only alarmed the supporters of the old theories, which are constantly occurring on board Eng- MAT10NAI. OOBCIBT SALOON, »aUoael Theatre.- probability, be appointed General Superintendent but it had in a measure alienated England fromclique, and the Sage of Binghamton, Mr. Dick-inson,areleftentirelyintheshade. Thelat- ontheMediterraneanshore. TetuanistoheIOHO*.Discsa,BCUMM to. OMDSSDOincHALL,406Oreadstreet—HiTTIMIXSTBXLSm BoMiTvuKaw, Bsuuav. nc.—BAJ.MAMCB.U B S ART HALL. "Bitaabeth Otty -WOOD'S MnrsTUU WHOIXUI HOM*, DiMW, to-Mrv TBAKOAIXS.TRIPLE SHEET.••W York. W«dae«dftf, April 11, I860.MAILS FORKTJROPK.Sew l a r k Hernial Bditlni for Enrope.OunardmallsteamshipArabia,CaptainStone,will itue partao day for Liverpool.The •Mils for Europe will close ia tola city at a quarter Diae o'clock tail morning.oftheforcebythenewcommission. lishvessels. TheshipGreatTasmaniasailed AtthemeetingoftheBoardofAlmshouseGo- hercordialunderstandingwithFrance.The fromCalcuttaonthe9thofNovemberlastwithterwasinducedtoabandonhisMozartHall heldbySpainuntiltheindemnityfapaid. vernors last evening, a communication was re- dangeroftheoldcoalition loomed up,when 935men,aportionofthe disbandedtroopsof friendsbythesuperior tactics ofthe Albanyceived from Dr. Wlnslow Lewis, of the Banesford suddenly Europe was startled with the an- the EastIndia Company, on board. During the Regency, and the result of the movement was Institution, transmitting aletter from the directors nouncement that Louis Napoleon had made a Crimean war this vessel had been used fre- profanely butterselysummed up by Dean Rich- ofthatinstitution,intimatingtheirintentionofvisit- commercialtreatywithEngland,and,throwing quentlyasatroopship,andwasalsoemployed mond, whosaid in Wall street,inreplytoa ingourpublicinstitutions.ThereportoftheCommit- overboardallthetime-honoredfiscalpolicyof totakeoutinsinglevoyagesaboutathousand querybyafriend,"We'vegotthatdamnedold tee on Randall's Island, on the enlargement of thatTHE DltTEiBTTIffl. OF NEWSPAPER! The MewJournnllatle Enterprise—E«te»-There are butcracy grows hotter aad hotter, aad the finalatrett waa a few years aiaee. Be therefore asks that the _foolofBinghamtonallright,"meaningthattheNapoleonicideasandthecommerceofthe ber to the Mauritius. Of her capaci- hewaskilled entirely TheRegencywas May Newspapers areSent Into the 1st.mentoCorfu,andnearlythesamenum-committeerecommendedanadditionalexpenseof world. Thisunexpectedstrokeofpolicynot ty of accommodation«,for such crowds stronglyinfavorofSeymour,andwentabout te»tor—Scene nt theHerald Office—Rosa$3,750,andthereportwasfinallyadopted.The only re-establishes the entente cordiaie, but of human beings, some idea may be Dickinsontoslaughterhim. Butalltheirplans to the Hadsoa River Rallrond Depot—contractfortheplumbingworkonthenewIslandHospital was swarded to Dowdney & Fitch, for it secures its future permanence in the increase formed from the fact that, having been once are naught No New York candidate will have The enterprise for the more rapid a a d early dMOibu-$5300.ThenumberintheInstitutionsatpresent ofthosematerialandindustrialrelationsbe. charteredasagovernmentemigrationship,the anystrengthatCharleston,unlessitmightbe tionofthenewspapersofthemetropolisalongtheliasat is7,670—adecreaseof151fortheweek. tweenthetwocountries,which,beingleftto numberofherpassengerswasrestrictedto GeneralWool,whohasnotbeenmixedup intheliuosonRiver Railroadwascommenced oaMondayA special meeting of the representatives of the their own free developement, will soon defy four hundred. Where this regulation was any of the party quarrels. Neither can the morning. By running a special locomotive to Alb*n> aadSamoa or TH« Hatuu> will b o published eight o'eabok la tha aaerwtag. Single copiee,will bo received at the following places Company No. 34, were elected to serve as Fire on the principle of "satisfied national!ties," What were the facts? The ventilating appara- Wardens for a term of three years.The election for municipal officers in Albany yes- expressed by universal suffrage, and this is tus supplied by government was never once terdayresultedinthesuccessofthedemocratic a directmenace tothetheoriesandprac- usedduringthevoyage;thebiscuitwassobadallies—thenewnationalityofItaly,andthewasunfittodrink. Butthiswasnotall:onlynew era of commerce with England and the ten blankets had been served out by the Madrasworld—whichonlyrequiretime,andperhapsa governmentforhospitaluseonboard;sothat, shortperiodwillsufficetocementthem,andsuperaddedtothemaladiescausedbyun-ventionontheNewYorkquarrels,theStateattherailroaddepotinThirtynrttstreetAseverrno-enablethemtogivetotheNapoleonic policy wholesome psovisions and bad ventila- willhavenoinfluenceinthenationalcouncils mentispreciouathegreatest expeditionUnecessary,aadasupportwhichnosceptrecanbreak. In tion, thepatientssuffereddreadfullyfrom oftheparty. Andifthereshouldbeabolt— allthearrangement*mastbecarriedontwiththeac- (suchthingsarethreatenedmuchoftenerthan curacyofclockwork. Itisnowtwoo'clock,and thahattheseproceedingsweseethegradualprogresscold.Undersuchcircumstancesitwastheycometopass)—why,thentherewillbeasideoftheHsnunhasnotyetbeenreceivedtatheof Europe Indemocratic developement,and not surprising that when the ship ar- pitearoom,butitlaexpectedevery moment, aadwhen the coming fall of its old and rotten thrones rived at St. Helena nearly the >whole great sale of old political furniture at Bleeck- it does come no time will be lost ia putting it oa theandaristocracies. Thephilosophicmindsof ofthetroopsshouldbesickofdysenteryand er'sonthenextdayafterwards.giganticmachine,whichnowstandsidleawaitingitsar- rival. Five minutes have elapsed, and still it has net made its appearance. It is now nearly ten mioutas pastEurope see this, too, and the sudden arrange- scurvy. On touching there the number report-ment of the commercial treaty with England ed on the doctor's list was 892, and between SENATE.—Five of the gridiron railroad bills two, and over five thousand copies of the Hasim (tripleand efforts to renew the entente cordiaie indi- that time and the arrival of the vessel in the passed the Senate yesterday by large majori- cate that Louis Napoleon perceives arising Mersey the total number of deaths was upwardsdangerwhichisnotyetevidenttothepublic offifty.SeveralhavesincediedintheLiver- TheSavoyquestioncontinuedtocreatecon' othercolumn. Coffeewasfirm,withsmallsalesofRio, eye. poolworkhouse,andtotheeternaldisgraceofIt cannot escape the attention of the other the local authorities be it added, that amongstPowers, that the longer time they suffer to the unfortunates who have been thrown help-cement the new Napoleonic alliances, the less invalids into that institution are to begreaterwillbetheforcesbroughttobear foundscoresofthatgallantband,fivehundredagainst them. Switzerland has never had any and eighty-four of whom had fought and put specified time. He would be fully justified in policy of her own, and, nominally a republic, to the rout thirteen thousand rebels on the doing so, because, although more railroads are has existed merely through sufferance, till her plains of Agra, a feat Lord Ellenborough de-Whatever else may be charged against us, weat least take care of our sick negroes and give dlan juggler, with all his necrosjancy, to peravsv wholesomerationstooursoldiersandsailors. Thedifferentlocationsoftradehavevariedso Inch oneof them catches cp abundleoftart»California. extending to Carson Valley, in Western awakening serious alarm among the old dynas- there has never bean witnessed anything equalUtah.DennisMahony,convictedofmurder,wastiesoftheContinentandthetorypartyintothelowbredviolenceandruffianismofthe propertyinportionsofthecitywhichatthatofmotionwhichtheeyeorthetonguewouldAadttiavexecuted at Mariposa on the 7th ult S t Patrick's OUTRAGEOUS CONDUCT OF THE ALDERMEN.—- time, and even within ten years or less, bore a posslbieto follow, count* them on* tt parcels offttty• » • d»ywascelebratedinSanFranciscobyacivicand England,andacursoryreviewofhiscareer conductofournationalrepresentatives.The WeseethattheBoardofAldermenhasre- highvaluation,hasconsiderablyfallenoff, Ushands. Parcelaftertparoellacountedont,andraw ennasalon, religious services and a grand will show the ground on which this distrust is spectacle of men in their positionflingingthe jected another nomination for the office of Pre- while that in other portions has acquired an story oa story, one above the other, until the nua^erre-15thultInnearlytheentirelengthandbreadthof knownthatthecourseofLouisNapoleonis mostviolentparliamentaryconflictsonrecord,much within the last twenty-five years that or four hundred papers, sad with a celeritytheevening. Anincidentoccurred,how- founded.0lie in each other'sfaces,shakingtheirfistsat sidentoftheCrotonWaterBoard. Therejected quiredto readytor delivery, l ^ ^ ^ * * * ? ! ; ,w^saarred the oocasion, from the act that9 m>n!?ta?•Si**'** * °*pornonshunganeffigyThefirstgreat act of his policy, after attain- ing power in France, was to establish the en-each other In public debate, and dropping pis- tols from their pockets for the purposeadvanced value. Thus, for example, real estate out and placed on t h e wagon which staada at the daw. candidate in this last instance is Mr. Thomas is advancing in price very much between and to which is harnessed one of the fastest " P«e» * Addis Emmet, perhaps thebest nomination ChambersstreetandUnionsquare—abovethat horse-flesh"that-can befound ta thegreat *****t Thewritorhad the pieasareof silting behtadt m *"T he west a distance of three mites, and hecaa ****"'ofta. Patrick on the liberty pole in the Plaza. The tente cordiaie with England, and thus separate of intimidation, is one that may be inamong about half a dozen that has yet been made for that office. Mr. Emmet is a man ofIrish H?t h*»BSBM at the gross insult i cut the pole down.C nd,Bm whniTnrveda* I a a \ o ^ I H ! T * »"^«. ^S O K a l ewa t l v t TM aww •snlauVOi Jr^hjnS) wPvaVh •sraa^BstsBBna aTssnh than. % 1+^.i visiters.• TM Jaaemase wete a little surprised at the lack of ostentation in their re- ception. IttostatedthefttheJapanesecorvetteis s present from the Emperor of Japan to PreaV The Japsasse ambassadors ia the Powhatan were hourly expected at Sanwe have received our usualBritish support from the Continental influencestha* have been opposed to the Napoleonic Points, but surely not vfth the nailspoint the increase is not s o marked—but pro-ideas ever since they first dawned upon theworld. His uncle strove for a long time to ac-complish the same friendship with England,but utterly failed, through the hostility of theold aristocratic tory party. When the present disgraceful and reprehensible. T o find the•nary to the manner m which he got awahegronnd. that the assessors valued the American Museum, which one would usually care for saaktag alt ****£"Bmp«ror attained this object his next step wasMr.Barnumhasprotested againsttoevaluation as tod high. He states that it is not worth more than $125,000 at most, aad he has accordingly10press generally, without reference to party, uniting in its condemnation of such proceed-formationinthemannersandhabitsofthemenyettheyrejecthimforfactiousreasons,andto Theundersigned represent*thathepaysthetaxesondrive the power of Russia back to its faat- of toe Volga, For this into the Crimean prestigeofRussiawaa notwithstandingthat 3-fattaw wartto orderwhichhadasamilharySouth and Central American files and eorrespon- left many old Enropetai ^ r f c ^ J S ".K.Iron Knaaia. - i » K a w t _ ^ v 7 ^ • * d l y the level of the deliberative assemblies ofkeeping with such a locality as the Fiveperty below Chambers street is decidedly de-high character, and has led a pure and blame- clining. A t a ease in point we have toe fact Three o'clock In the morntag to aot exactly ' * * * £of the federal legislature. Wfcajare not whether such displays are made by Northern fanatics or Southern bullies, or what the nature of the provocation may have been, they are equallyless life. He is a quiet citizen, and not by anymeans a partisan in politics. H is rejection b ytoe Aldermen proves very clearly that all the $185,000 on the assessment roll for 1860, aad was a novshy to tt, and a novelty ta the y o j * *ItwM n«< »htogtokaowthatlh.poo|^ f ^ ^ T Troy, and the thrlvtag towns along the Hudson, w«M»t enabled by this enterprise to read the news oflha irern fromtheooluaaaaofapaparwatoh was -thetotaWm whteh it would be read. It waa aomethtag *tha, aad it was atoo ansasSataf to know t a - " - thetownsallalongtheUseofSheroadfrom*""* BuflalowouldbesapphedwithHsceneswvtiiOT-a-* hours earlier than they had had HJ«tore. _ButwearegettingalittleaheadofourJ"*"^ulklngof A.bany aad Buflalo hnfors " ^ J w l ,ings is a healthy sign, aad gives us hope that to discharge the duties of the very importanthuman food, and that the captain and officers of the ship were entirely free from blame. One of the worst features of the case is, how- ever, in our opinion, that of the home govern-ernor Morgan would be fully sustained by popular approbation in refusing to approve of them.CONGRESSIONAL AMENITIES.—We are rejoicedto perceive that the press of the country, irre-spectiveofparty,istakingupandreproving mentallowingthegallantmenwhoservedin the most earnest terms the disgraceful per- their country so heroically on the battle field not defeat these shameful jobs; for the same sonalities of which the halls of Congress are of Agra to drag out the few remaining days of corrupt influences which got them successfully daily made the theatre. In the history of no their existence on the hard pallets and hard through both houses will doubtless passif pursued by fiends up and down the variousflightsn*public opinion will be enabled to effect a re- Office:— officeforwhichhehasbeennominated,and ToTBBOaaWaMsSSSBal0*Tua*ASDwho have the fair fame and credit of the countrytotheirkeeping. UntilargumentissubstitutedignorethefactthattheinquiriestheyshouldHetatsthatthesamehasbeenaawsegaontheassess meat roll of 18S0 at a valuation of $186,000; whereas the same should not have been, ia bia judgment, valued atfor violence, and decency of demeanor for thereal estate known a s N o . 218 Broadway, in the Second gratify some petty spite. The Aldermen quite ward, IsssfwatuH on taw ward saap as No«. 773 and T74.snake before confirming a nominee are thosepair of toe national representation rising to fulTis he capable? is be efficient? The only marketable value thereof. As one evidence that this proswaggerofthepriseringandcockpit,wedes- putbyMr.Jefferson—ishehonestT iabefaith- morethan$125,000tobe ia proportion to theassessed Thirtyfirststreet. Howevw^w. «aow w w ^ ^Untitled Documentvalue «f adjacent property, and in accordance waa the•4 \.fi,. .-.,dy, Cagger & Co. faction, aad the News, the perty in question is not worth a dollar a m to the captains of vessels crews that can mouthpiece of Wood and Mozart Hall—display than he alleges-at least at present la somed e n c y i n t h i s S t a t e . B o t h M r . H o r a t i o S e y - M i n i s t e r a t F e z . T h i s a r r a n g e m e n t w i l l g i v eutmostcarewouldhavebeentakentoprovide amovementinfavorofanycandidate.All papers are distributed by the.early morning trains that leave Albany a ll along t h e Centra*Company No. 30; Mr. Wm. Brandon, of Hook and dynasties of Europe, as the autocratic ally of vessel more than double the quantity of pas- swell the vote for the happy man, whoever he far West aa Cleveland, ia which city they are received by foranyeditionoftheLadderNo.1,andMr.JohnDowney,ofEnginetheEuropeandemocracy.Hebaseshispowersengerspermittedundertheemigrationrules.maybe,andtheywillhaveafineopportunityteatime.ThisiathebeginningoftheextensionoftheLow, Son k Oo., 47 Ludgate Hill. I,attaraCo.,T4KingWilliamstreet r.Baidwm a Co., 8 place de ia Bourse. I, Starr s Co., No. 9Cbapel street.to exercise their perceptive faculties in endea- New York streets over about thirty thouaaad miles ofrailroad, which forms the great gridiron of the country,voring to find who he will be in advance, so so that where the New York daily papers are now oirea-ticesofalltheolddynasties, which claim thatabout32,000poundsofithadtobethrown Atameetingof the Geographical andStatistical to rule by divine right, and through overboard; the beef and beer were of the Society last evening, Dr. Hayes, the Arctic voy- that deprive the great mass of the people of all worst kind, and a portion of them had to be ager,madeaninterestingstatementrelativetohis interventionintheirowngovernment.The disposedofinasimilarmanner;thewaterwas the new* received by nail and telegraph at contemplated voyage to the Polar regions. A re- year 1860 opens with his attainment of two black and sometimes rusty, and the lime juicethattheymaybeearlyinthefield.Notwithstandingallthesefacts,bothdelega-latedbyteasofthousandstheywill hereafter becircu- latedbyhundredsofthousands,givingthemetropoiilaa journals an immense Influence all over the Uaioa. Thecandidate.idnrtafthepreviousweekanduptotheboorof portisgiveninanothercolumn.the sales of cotton yesterday embraced about 4,000bales, including a portion in transit W e continue to Mews. quotepricessteadyonthebasisofll>,c.formiddling BythearrivaloftheNiagara'smails,andtheuplands.Flourwasmoreactiveaadpriceswereflrmer.PrinceAlbertatStJohns,N.P..weharedetail*of Amongthetransactionsweresome purchasesforexportEuropeannewstothe25th,andatelegraphic Wheattookadecidedlymoreactivetorn,whiletherewas sanunaryofadvicestotheSlatalt Aninteresting agoodexportdemand. Thesalesfootedupabout75,000 compilationofthenewsisgiveninto-day'spaper.bushels,includedlawhichwere26,000bushelsMilwau-Itwaa announcedIntheBritishParliamentthat keeclubforexportatSI25,aadsome lots soldat$124; the San Joan question was approaching a settle- the remainder, composed chiefly of Chicago spring, sold mentTheAtlanticTelegraphCompanyhadde-at$120aII 22.Cornwasfirmandingooddemand,with sales of Jersey white at 76c, Western mixed at 75 %c., tennined to make an effort to restore the tele- Jersey and Southern yellow at 75>;c. a 76>»c,and South-graphic cable.era white at 77c. a 80c. Rye sold at 80c. a 82c for State. The Pope has issued an act of excommunication Fork was dull, with moderate sales of new mess at S17 66 against all who counselled the alienation of the Ro- a S17 76, and of new prime a t $ 1 4 12 >*. Beef and lard magnafromtheHolySee,andhadprotestedagainstweresteady. Sugarswereinfairdemand,withsalesof theannexationoftheLegationstoSardinia. 600a700hhda.withintherangeofpricesgiveninan-R.,10 Trebeaaw okreet, Bast,tions will go to Charleston, each with as high greatest interest has been manifested in thai enterprise sense of its own consequence as it the demo- by aJlemaseaof people, and a description of one mora cracyoftheEmpireStatewasquiteharmo- big'soperationsintheHB&ILDofficewillgivethepeople nious and New York entirely safe for the an Idea of what the system ia in its begidhing.Thehouratwhichtheexpresstrainstarts fromthe that whatever may be the action of the Con- depot is precisely twenty minutes past three every mora-Charleston'nominee. The truth is, however,FIVE OF THE RAILROAD GRIDIRONS PASSED THEsheet) have to be printed off, counted out, packea up and ties, and without amendments. A s these bills sent in a wagon to Thirty-first street, about three goodEnglishmilesfromtinsoffice. Theminutesareflyingby obtainedthevoteoftheAssemblypreviously, rapidly,andittsnowaquarterpasttwowhenatlength theynowonlyawaittheGovernor'ssignature thelastsidehasmadettaappearance,bearingthelatestdonotprovidefortheroadsbeingbuiltatanyin operation or not, as suits themselves. Butat the corner of Broadway and Aon street atoa Broadway with a fast horse barore him, but a h U * ^left-handed compliments which have been paidto that body were quite true, and that moremighthavebeensaid. InthecaseofMr. Em-met they have a man who is every way worthy filed the following protest in the Assessor's distance of one handred miles or awro fiwmmthe Straits of Gibraltar and an equal amountslowof theMetropolitan District—TheThe Mails Dlatnncnd,&c.ing.bywhichtimeallthapapersmoatbedeliveredfeats which would puule s i IB-that tha oBroal**' Our greatThomas M. Tryniskierruu, and questiontheSolonsoftheCityHallaskfa,willtaocnaeqnencemainlyofthemovingoftral**uptown, KvsrjawayknowswhU309 South 4thStreetFulton New York 13069www.fultonhistory.com*Lio Broadway.. .i.am that'* allthpetty has greativ depreciated during the last Sve yean,M d baring cleared A a . -treat, • " * • " " • tmf^t galleys a*d traps o» every kiad, w 