 OFTHE HIGHERLIW.Enteral LawandtheContract of Governmentcreate* themn swkWBOrule of civil oondttot, that is to stos»l • • f c s i n t n - i ^atallkxgnss^^mtbeeoastreed >«%tottylTElGEom'nrderers Under Ex- aiiunaUoii.kc.,A C ,Ar.alio advanced that even sn act of Parliament made against natural justice, as to makes manjodge in his own cause, to void In itself, fir jura naturte sunt imrnvtabiUa; and tbey are Igetlegvm— (the tows of nature are immu- table—they are the tows of tows )—Hob. 87.Mr Christian then adds:—With deference to these high authorities (B'ackstone and Hobart) I should conceive than In no esse whatever can s judge oppose his own opinion snd authority to the clear will snd declaration of the legislature. ' His province to to Interpret and obey the mandates of the supreme power or the State; and if an act of Parliament, if we could suppose such a esse, should, like the edict of Herod, oommand all the children under s certain age to bo slain, the jodge ought to resign hie office rather then be auxiliary to its execu- tion; but it could only be declare 1 void by the same le- gislative power by which it was ordained. If the judicial power were competent to decide that an act of Parliament was void because it was contrary to natural justice, upon an appeal to the Houre of Lords this inconsistency would be the consequence, thst ss judges they most declare void, what as legislators they had enacted should be valid.fending himself, and consequently makes Uw task of htoprotection more burdensome to toe government. At thesame time it places bim in the situtti m of aaa who hasconceded a part of hto righto, sad thus cheapened thecharacter or all his rights ta tho eyes of those of whamhe asks asstotaaoe. There would be aa much reason tasaying that a man most oonsent to have one or his handstied behind him to order that hto friends might protectthe rest of hto body against an enemy, as there to sayingthat a man most give ap soma of his righto ta order that route by Deputy Marshal De Angelto snd vm* attar government may protect the remainder. Let a man have ontoers. Tbey had a carriage at the door of the fomM the ore of both of bis bands, aod the enjoyment af ail hto to Oentre street, whilst they conveyed Mttsm mi rights, sad bo will then be more competent te bis own de-i, to declare and sustain rto answering this question I shall attempt to show thattow a an intelligible principle of right, necessarily result- bag from the nature of man, and not an arbitrary rule, «K.. am be established by mere will, numbers or power. sjTo dotmmIns whether tbia proposition he correct weaaant look at the general signification of the term law. Has cms and general meaning of it is that natural, per-unlawful and void as any other contract to do iajuatice.No oatki, whiih judicial or other ojficert may lake, to car-ry out and tupport an unlawful contract or constitutionof government, are of any moral obliyition. it is immoral that it therefore makes a distinction between *< the to take such oaths, and it it criminal to fulfil them. They supreme power of a Slate," over a particular act, and the are, both to morals and law, like the oaths which indi- power of an individual over the same act.vidual pirates, thieves aad bandts give to their confede- But this addition of the word "State" in reality leaves rates, as an assurance of their fidelity to the purposes for the definition just where it would have been without it.Hicks.Mr. Dwight-Albert Hicks or Albert W. SmearPrisoner-Albert W. Hicks.Q. Have yon anything te ssy respecting this eharge? Prisoner—I have nothing to my.Mr. Dwight then asked for the tome of a warrant OB:"'' .'•miin in•i 'iIt tO 1-*•••sad fores; af will, o-jfcd with a pbynttol i lb compel obedSr oca |o it, bat notCONOTlTUfl^pBVp^ Taking it lorfrantoi that it has now | & : M | s m *natH e CeastiUiUeB Confers no Legal or but a voluntary contract between tadividsato for thetr*According to this definition, tw.a oommaod to do mm. An thatLBXUL nutns or orrsarssxATion. making thto os^imsBon, however,I shallDSTEajstllM All 1MP8ITAIT sTOKKf. It will probably appear from thto elimination ot the Johnson, alias Hicki, CTfcaHwMoral Right*Iamutual benefit, differ* in nothing that H essential to «U flee to as much law e r a oemmtad to do Jastioe. make the not Insist upon t ^ principle of the preced-SLAvmur nas BO otmsiutmoaiAi. nxmcAjsoa. written constitutions thst slavery neither hat, nor oar andany a nstitutional existence in this enmtry; that it hat al- ways been a mere abuse, sustained, to the first instance, merely by the common consent of the strongest party, without say tow on tho subject, aad, in the sec- ond place, by a h w unconstitutional enactments, made to defiance of the plainest provisions of their fundamental tow.of government, vis: tbat a man most consent to give no some of his righto to order to have his other rigam pre- lected, involves a palpable absurdity, both legally aad polttican/. It to sn absurdity to 'a w, because It says that tho law must be violated In some cases, to order that It may be maintained In others It to an absurdity politl- caily, because a man's giving up one ot his rights has no tendency whatever to promote the protection ot others.treaty that they will unite to plundering., enslaving or OATKS ARE OF NO MORAL OBLIGATION, destroying a tnwd, the treaty ia unlawful, vo',d aad of no obltastton, simply because it ia contrary to Justtee and men's •ataral righto. -On the same princi- Executive Agents Criminal if the? ple, If the taajjssty, however large, -of the people of a country enter into a contract of government, called a eoBttnuUon, by which they agree to aid, abet or accom- plish any kind of injustice, or to destroy or invade thepower are united, snd continue united until they am successful in the accompHabmeat af any parttoutor object to which they are directed, they consdtuto tha only legitimate tow of that case, and judicial trthanato can take cognisance of no other.And It makes no difference, on titta principle, whether this combination of will snd power bo fonnd to a single Individual or to a community of an hundred millions of Individuals. The numbers oonoerned do not altar the rule, otherwise law would be the result of nanbara la" atead of "supreme power." It is, therefore, sufficient to comply with thto definition, that the power bo equal to the accomplishment of the object., And the will and power of one man are therefore as competent to make the tow relative to any acts which he is able to execute, asusc and extent, accommodated to each tedrridael, yet -comprehending the whole community.—BlaJahnt's Leetore on the Study of the Law.Thto law of nature being coeval with mankind, snd dic- tated by God himself, te of coarse superior In obligation to aoy other. It to binding over all the globe, in all coun- tries and at all times; no h man tows are of any validity If contray to thto: snd such of them as are fblid derive all their force snd all their authority, mediately or imme-diately, fiom this original.—BlackUme, Vol. l , p 41.Mr. Christian, one of Blaekstone's editors, to a note ton*hm*^nm*u0ii^i^nm**nmm0+^^**i**^^mOWySever Had a Goattitational Ex- iiteBce Here,Tito ExamiBatkia at J*h Hlrhs— Hi* Laemufir.stttem eve a.Board tmw Oyster stoop a. *. •fen.All.eWe give to day farther extracts from Lysanler Sr xm-ajti work on " The UncowrtitutionarJty of Slavery," the government has no moral saaottaa. It eon/en no rightfulsfABCn 28.—t*e United States m Wn*. J4h*tm,nHat 4 s W W. Ei>kt— Ibis morning the Gutted toastsstssto wars densely crowded by a Urge coaoourse of peraoae seinae- te hear the tevtattsatton of this extraordinary snd mys- terious case. Tne prisoner was conducted by a eirem,*.*. oerce from whence Seward and all the other blank re- tuthorxty upon tkote appointed to a drninitter it R confertTo do this Jt to oeoeeeery to define the term law. Popu-lar epeatBas are very loose and Indefinite, both aa to the office nnder a government, rid themselves of thattree destoaten of tow, and also as to the principle by vir- tue <f which tow results from the compacts or contractsaf mankind with each other.paramount obligation that all men are under, to declare, If they declare anything, that justice is law; that govern- ment can have no lawful powers,except those with whichThe learned Judge himself (Btackstone) declares In p. nothing. Scch a oontract of government would be a bur- 91, if the Parliament will positively enact a thing to beWhat, then, to l a w ' - t h a t tow, I » « ^ J - « * * ' " d l ^ ^ ^ n t o v e e t e d by lawful contract; and thatwbtoh only, judicial tribunal, are morally bound, under | ^ , ^ ^ t f o r a , e B U b l t e ^ n t «* government Is asIt will be seen from this note of Mr. Christian that heconcurs to the opinion that an enactment contrary to na- any governments can be. II a man pay hto proportion ofto Albertsn Ms end and purpese, secures their enjoyment, and forhats their violation. It also secures ail those acquisitions cious it may be, has not deterred their authors from dig-for life to outrages which all civilized men most regardav. i:in must be opened for the purpose of affording scope dayt; I taw thst bag st tho Seooad ward station for i -*'-rices of a second class to a locality which will at boose with Captain Weed; I saw the E A Jebasoasa* property, privilege and claim which men have a nata rat right to make by labor and contractnifj ing them with the name o! Uw. And, what is mu :u more to be deplored, such has been the sup;r*tition of the people, and such their blind veneration for physi-sary consequence, that law to synonymous merely with will and force wherever tbey are combined and In suc- cessful operation for the preaeot moment.To proceed with our authorities—Those human laws tbat annex a puntobment to murder do not at all increase Its moral guilt, or superadd any fresh obligation ia the forum of conscience to abstain from ito perpetrationonce be xme fashionable "THE BATTERY FARE.A cbrrespondentxslls attention to the well-known fastst the foot of Fulton market; her bow was gone, ber bowsprit snd cut water snd her mast hoag ov«-bot-d - there WM blood on the deck; the blood ran down arstast the hatchway towards tha Seattle; there was s great uetl of blood amidships, and a pretty good lot aft: the oabmSuch Is to true meaning of the term Uw, as applied toton civil righto of men. And I doubt If any other dettai- cal power, that this injustice has not opened thetr eyes toUnder this definition law offers no permanent gutrsntee Nay, if any human taw should allow or enjoin us to com- mit it, we are bound to transgress that human law, or for the safety, liberty, righto or happiness of any one. else we must offend both the natural snd the divine.—of the disgraceful condition of the Battery, snd says :— was to a very had condition: there was ss much bloodtteB of tow can be given that will prove correct in every* the distinction between law and force, between tha sacred or necessarily in any possible case. The very idea of law requirements of natural justice, and the criminal exac-" Tbat it would make a capital place for a base ball ground; and it the Common Council would appropriate it for that purpose, two or three of our metropolitan clubs stand ready to beautify aid pot it in repair.there ss if s bullock bad been killed In ft; there seemed to be the mark of a knife on tho earring to the wood- work of the cabin. there wss blood oa toe steps; I was down with the captain tost spring, aad waa very Bear going with him thto voyage; the captain sometimes kept hto money under hto pillow; be has kept u to s secretWHAT ITnatural law tries Uthwe contract of govern-, and declares it tawfal or aatowful, obliga- tory or invalid, by the tamo rales by which it tries ail ether contracts between man sad man. A ooa- ti act tor the eeub liehment of government, being nothingvernment, or consequently be made obligatory as 1 ^ w > real dkrjnotion between tow snd forosr If not, wo mast either upon tha people or upon Jedkstol tribunals- _M mof natural right .tho rule to laid down by tht Court of tho United States to these words,to wtt:—"Where righuare infringed, where fundamental prin eiples are overthrown, where tho general system of tho town to departed from, tho legtototivs Intomtton most be expressed With irrealnUble clearness, tp iadooeacourt of Justice to suppose a design to effect such objects."*validity from aay other contract between man and man, or between nation aad nation. If two indivtf.uwu enter toto a con tract to coinma trespass, theft, robber/ or mur- der upon a third, the eentract is auUwful and void, stm-Is necessary, according to thto dettoitlon, tooommand . law, to that It tome from n will thaiito!sup- ported by physical force sufficient to ooeros obedience.ing chapter,contrary to ant^cml right; bat shall admit, for the take of the argument, that there may be saehnatural rights of aay person er perso is whatsoever, whether aoch persons be parties to the contract or net, this contract of government ia unlawful and voil—and for the eaoie reason that a treatybetween two nations for a simitar purpose, or a contract of the same nature between two individuate, is unlawful and void. Such a contract ofthe above paassge, say :-Lord Chief Justice Hobart has On the contrary, it only renders him toss capable of de-CK1TED STATES OOWMrWtOWmVa OOCar. Before Kenneth G Vbsta, feq.no legal or moral rights, and impose! no legal or mormtor year* past, and which points vat most logically and obligation upon the people tone aw* pmrtiet to iU Ike only the will and power of millions of men are to make thepabttcan leadeni have drawn thetr Itass and arguments ivety the object at which they are all aiming : -WHAT 18 LAW?esnmJntog the language of the constitution, toregard to slavery, tot as obtain a view of ton principles, by virtue of which tow arises oat of thee* coeetrtuiiens aad eompects by which people agree te establish govern-duties uhich any one own -owe to it, or to the government law relative to any sets which they are able to axom- established under color of iU authority, are disobedience, pbsb.resistance, dtsiivctum.On thto principle, then, thai mere will and power are com-petent to establish the law that is to govern sn act, with-fence; h'srign*s will be more respected by those who might otherwise be disposed te invade them; he will want lees the assistance and protection of others; and we •hall need mccb less government than we now have.If indivtdnars choose to form sn aseociatioa or govern- ment, for the mutual prot-wtion of each other's rights. wby bargain for the protection of an indefinite portion of them, at the price of giving to the association Itself liberty to violate the equally indefinite remainder* By snob a contract s man really surrenders every thingand securesof me female's side of the prison, where another earn*, was in waiting, snd he wss tben driven sp L«mard aire*'. to Dm, snd brought to through the Law Uaraey, trass which bs ascended by the Judge's private estranee to the United State District Court room, where, ta oeaee- quence of tho immense number of persona present,. • examination wss held.Jl D018 MT8T M C I * * *TV—MOOATHSV AUDAGAIS8T IT.teamen t, unalterable principle, which governs any oer- which they are associated. Ha man has any moral right For what is "a State*'' It is just what, and only what, toastor thtog or class of things. The principle is strictly1 to assume such oaths; they Impose no obligatiaa upon the will and power of individuals may arbitrarily those who do assume them; they afford no moral justi- establish.affidavits submitted and under tbs following tseusa— section 3, chapter 113 of the United States Statutes at Largo—which provides, "Tbat if ssy person shall upon tho high sess, or ta any open roidstead, or to say haven,n natural one; aad the term applies to every natureprinciple, whether mental, moral or physical. Thus we flcanjs" for official acts, in themselves unjust, done In pur- There to nothing fixed In the nature, character ormer act aa s cheek upon the latter, no such Inconsistency would occur.TheconstliutlonsthathavebeenestablishedIntheUnited States, and the discussions had on the formation of them, all attest the Importance which our ancestors attached totion snd essence of tow aad of civil right And legitimate government te formed by the voluntary associationotindividuals,forthe mutual protection of each of them in tho enjoyment of this natural liberty, against those who may be disposed to invade it Each in-flows, commit the crime of robbery in, or upon any ship or Teasel, or the lading thereof, such person, shall bs ad- judged to be s pirate; snd being thereof esavtoted before theCircuitOourtoitheUnitedStatesfortbs districttats which he shall be brought, or ta which he shall be found,,speak of the laws of mind—meaning thereby those natu-ral, universal and necessary principles, according to whichacta,orbywhichItisgoverned. Wespeak,too,ofsuance of them wrapt*ocaoossTnrnojraAKKHOTBIVTU.VO.boundaries of "a State." Will snd power may alter thematpleasure. The will and powerof Nicholas, and that will and power which he has concentratedIf these dectrmea are correct, then those contradts re cC men, and their relations to each constitutions, are void, and unlawful, so far as theyr, and to (titer things—and is consequently as unal-terable as the nature of men. Aad it is solely because it thing in violation of natural justice, or tha natural a uaalterable in its nature, and universal in its applies rights of any man or cites of men wbato)ever. And allmoral law, wheh Is merely an universal principlemoral obligation, that arises out of the of government, State and national, which we callaround, or rather within himself, establishes all a separation of the judicial from the executive and legisla- dividual being secured to the enjoyment of this liberty, shall sufler death."judicial tribunals are bound, by the highest obligations snttaal or arbitrary, It would he no law. Thua we speak that can rest upon them, to declare that the te contracts,objection to try him on both charges.Counsel for the prisoner acquiesced.Mr. Dwight observed tbat ft would be unnecessary tasons, been declared void by its co-ordinate judicitl de- •United States vs. Ftober, 3 Creech, 89apartment There have been cases, few and far betaeen,to which the United States courts hare declared acta of Hints s n d Suggestions from Correspos- call testimony for the United States.boa. that It is denomtaa'ed law. If it were changeable,of physical laws; t f the laws, for Instance, that govern In all such particulars, (if any such there be,) are void,The will and power, also, that established "a State" yes- where an act of a legislature has. for either of these rea- occur but for some antecedent injustice.the solar system; of the laws of motion, the laws ofgra-wtoaaaa, the laws of tight, kc. Also the laws that govern cial and popular, who voluntarily lend their aid to the the vegetable and anlmsi kingdoms, In all their various execution of any of the unlawful purposes of the govern-another, over which this latter will and power shall today State legislatures unconstitutional. Bat the history of the be "supreme." And this latter will and power may also co-ore taste departments of the same governments hasdemts.THE OPENING OK MADISON AVENUE.TESTIMONY FOB THE PROSECTTH/N. Benjamin M Nickenon deposed—I am master of thedepartments, among which laws may be named, for ex- i m f f t . too one that Ilka produces like. Unions the ope- of this principle were uniform, universal and ne-tt would be no law.law, then, applied to aay object or thing whatever,signifies a natural, unalterable, universal principle, go- verning such object or thing. Any rule, not existing in One nature of things, or that is not permanent, universal and inflexible ia its application, Is no law, according to amp correct definition of the term law.A correspondent, who appears to be quite enthusiasticJohn R. Mather; I know there to sash s vessel sa the E.•That, then, Is that natural, universal, impartial andIndexible ptineiple, which, nnder all circumstances, oe paramount in Its obligation to any other req ilreuvntEighth avenue, which forms the western boundary, must,Benee or the term, wbi.st the Fifth avenue or eastern Tbe witness was not cross-examined.purport to authorize (if any of them do authorize) any-Buesia, both to Europe and Asia, as "a State." By the tive department of the government And yet the benefits most then take the responsibility of his own happiness Mr. Dwight said that the last offence with which tho same rule the will and power of the owner of an sere of which tbey bad promised to liberty snd jastioe from this and well being. If his aeoetdUes require more than hisand not law. And all agents, legislative, executive, judi-ment, are as much personally gully, according to all the moral and legal piicc pies, by which criye, In ito essen- tial character, to measured, as though they performed theto-morrow be overcome by still another will and power mightier than tbey."A Sate," then, to nothing fixed, permanent or certain in ito nature. It to simply the boundaries, within which any single combination or concentration of will and power are <ffident or ti resistible for the time being.been, it at the judicial sanction has followed the legislativeact with nearly the same unerring certainty that theshadow follows the substance. Judicial deatofoas have on up town improvements, in s long communication, A. Johnson; when s mile and a half below the lighthouseconsequently bad the same ctt'-xts to restraining the ao Uons of legislatures that shadows have in restraining the motions of bodies.'same acta independently, and of their own volition. Such Is the true character and definition of Uw.st Steten Istand I wss ran toto by s sloop; I wss bound out snd the sloop was bearing in; she run into us, and cut at down to the water's edge; I found It necessary to boat ship,snd put bask to New York for repairs; the stoopYet, instead of being allowed to signify, as it in reality does, that natural, universal and Inflexible principle, which has Us origin to the nature of. men, keeps pace everywhereWby thto uniform concurrence of the judiciary with the legif lature* It Is besause the separation between them to This is the only true definition that can be given of "a nominal, not real. The Judiciary receive their etfiiea and salaries at the hands of tne executive and the legiettture, Slate." It ia merely an arbitrary name given to the tor aod are amenable only to the legislature for their official rltorial limits of power. And if such be its true charac- character. Tbey are mace entirely Independent of thesloop was left oa my vecnel by the eaUsnoa; I gave the gear to Captain Weed, of tho Second prsaoct; there w*a what appeared to be s man aft: I beard ao halt from tne sloop; I hailed ber; It was about two or hair past wro1with the rights of man, a* their ahield and protector,bines alike gofernments and men, weighs by the same standard the acts of commuaitka and individuals, and iswill not actually be required, before time sufficientwhich can be imposed upon men—instead, I say, of the af men? Those rights of person, property, Ac, term law being allowed to signify, as it realtyboundary will undoubtedly be cevoted to private reel- Daniel Simmons depose i—I live at Keypirt; I kno » lasrtly fixes, determines, defines and governs the civilwhich one human being ban, as against other human be-I shall define it to be simply the role, principle, obliga- tion or requirement of natural justice.IT • ra a n a or NATCSAL JTSTJCK.Irale, principle, obligation or requirement of natural origin In the natural righ*s of individuals, srily from them, keeps them ever in viewral justice, it has come to be applied to mere arbitrary • Ld b s acts are, thertfore, for the time being;Whether any of our present judges would fas Mr. Chris- tian suggests tbey ought), "resign their offices" rather than be auxiliary to the execution of an act of legislation that, like the eotct of Herod, should require all the chil-questionable whether the Fifth avenue will afford a suffl Yotk to Virginia tor oysters; the crew oonaiatel of teircimtij targe number ot sites for the class of maastomi all told, the Captain, the prisoner who shipped as mtte,NEW YORK HERALD, THURSDAY, MAR£B 29, 1860.-TR1PLB SHT/gr.are partiea to the'"* " "* *moral charac^r whatever.Are wa prepared to admit the principle that tnare to norejec', into oadtosttonit to true that tow may, to many esses, depend nooaLOW proceed to test the legality of s»»very by r ^ose writ- ten . onstitutions of government w<Btoh jadVJml tribunals actually recognise $• autboritati ,«.force as the means of its practical •*9SBS*T ** tow snd force therefore Idontioal In ihafressenoeT*nAgain: If mere will and po ear are saffletont, of tnem- tows. I sbrjl only otoim that to the interpretation of plybecauseitiaaoemtractto rtotote nature*justice, or selves,toestablish tow-legatoute tow-socb tow asJu- all etstiMes snd constitutions she ordinary legalfemeofikPropertyFoundoaJ.rkiliwifa. tilled at Cnptai. LatWi,THE B. A. JOHNSON TEAGBDYmen's natural rights. IT two nations eater into adicial tribunals are morally bound, or even nave a moral rales of interpretation [be observed. The moat im- right to enforce—tben It follows that wherever will aadout reference to the justice or injustice ot the sot itself, Judicial tribunals, tilting under the authority of this the will and power of any single Individual to commitunlavful contract or ccnitiautum, art bound, equally with other men, to dtclare it, et,d aU unjust enaotm-nU pasted by the government in pursuance of it, unlawful andthen would be sufficient to make theft lawful, as law- ful as in any other act of Injustice which the will and power of communities, or large bodies of men, may bevoid. These judieial triboials cannot, by accapticg united to accomplish. And judicial tribunals are as much bound to recognise, as lawful, any act of lnjusttoe orMr. Dwightsaid the prisoner was now in court, aid r» lesque on the wisdom of asses. Such a contram never asked the Commissioner to inquire of him btaasne.aa:crime which the will and power of a stogie individual may have succeeded to accomplishing, as they are to recognise as lawful any act of injustice which large and organized bodies of men, self styled governments, may accomplish.done welch is unreasonable, I know of no power in the ordinary forms of the constitution that to vested with au- thority to control It.was nor ever will be voluntarily formed. Yet all our go- vernments act on thst principle; and so far as they set upon it. tbey are as essentially usurping sod tyrannical asinform him of the charge against Stan.The prisoner waa directed to stand op. The Qjmmtestoner—What to yoar name)1 Prisoner—Wm. Johntdh; my rightIt licences all Feasible crime, violence and wrong, both BlacktUme, vol.l.p 42, 43.ea to men'8 natural righto. There is no other sun tlonaof unrestrained selaanness and power. Th^y hive by governments and individuals. The definition was The law of nations depends entirely upon the rulesthus not only suffered the name of lav to be atoK»o, aod Law has always been the name of that rule or prta- applied to crime as a cloak to conseel its true nature, butobviously invented by and to suited merely to gloss over of natural law, or upon mutual compacts, treaties, leagues and agreements between these several com-, than natural rights by which civil law can be mea-THE CU.VABD STEAMERS.the purposes of arbitrary piwer. We are therefore com- munities; to the construction also of which com- /A correspondent, writing from Quebec, under date of draw under the companionway. the E A. Johnson stoppedeapto of justice which protects those righta Thus wespeakaf anteral law. Natural law, to fact, constitutes thegreat body of the law that to professedly administeredthey have rendered homage and obedience to crime, un- der the name of law, until the very name of law, instead of signifying, in their mints, an Immutable principle of right, has come to signify little more taan an arpelled to reject it, and to seek another that shall makelaw less capriciocs, less uncertain, less arbitrary, morejust, more safe to the rights of all more permanent Andif we seek another, where ahall we find it, unless weadopt the one first given, viz: that la* Is the rule, princi- lished, and are therefore called natural righto, such as tales and other countries, aad at the same time moved down at the sloop on the Wednesday night Before theby judicial tribunals; snd it always necessarily mustIt to impossible to anticipate a thousandth bitiary command of power, without reference to Itsall the communities are equally bubject.—BlacksUme, of Atlantic steamers :—" On the 8th Inst the Postmaster vol. l.ju 43. ' General laid before the Hoose hit correspondence la re- Those rights tben which God snd nature have estab- fard to his late peatal arrangements with the UnitedCross eiamtoed.—1 know the captain well, I can safely say that tha prisoner w s s on board the E. A Johnson; saw him on board at the foot of Spring street; I wasof the cases that may arise, so u to enac* justice or its injustice ito innocence or its criminal-ty. n special law for them. Wherever the oases have And now, commands tfc* most criminal, if christenare life and liberty, need not the aid of human taws to be for an additional subsidy ta the fi«»»%n line of steam-ple, obligation or requirement of natural justice* more effectually Invested In every man than they are; ships. The present subsidy to $226,too. Thto he pro- started; I saw s private policeman oa deck, sad told himAdopt this definition, and law becomes simple, intelligi- neither do they receive any additional strength wh«n de- posed to increase to $400,000. He stated that a large pro- to have sn eye te ber, ss there wss money on board: I clared by the municipal laws to be Inviolable On the portion of Canadian trade had been diverted to the United taw the prisoner sitting on board; I saw the E. A Jehnjoo ble, scientific; always consistent with Itself; always har- contrary, BO human legislature has power to abridge Slates in consequence of the large subsidies granted the st Keyport on the Friday mosntog; I did sot see any ofmonizing with morals, reason and truth. Reject thto defi- or destroy them, unless the owner shall him&.-lf com- Canard line; and in order to secure her share of tha West- the crew there near enough to identify any of the men. 1 nition, and law is no longer a science, but a chaos of mit some act that amounts to a forfeiture—JUackUone, ern traffic, it wss absolutely necessary for Canada to sap- have BO knowledge of tha crew except from what Capt.ant been thus anticipated the natural law prevails. Weed with the name of law, ootain nearly as ready anthen soattoaUy and judicially recognise the principle of obedience— oftentimes a more ready obedwoce than law tow as ortginating in the nature aad righto ot men. By aad justice itself. This superstition, on the part of theml- 1. P. 64. port the line connecting with the Grand Trunk Railroad Burr told me.It sa originating ia the nature of men, we Ias a principle that is necessarily as Immutable destrnotable aa the nature of man. We also, in way, recognise the impartiality and universalityASHranaxnmnOBLKUTKW.V , then, tow be a natural pi lndple—one necessarily re-people, which has thus allowed force aod crime to usurp the name and occupy the throne of justice and law, is hardly paralleled to its gromneas ewn by that superstition which, to darker ages of the world, has al- lowed falsehood, absurdity aad cruelty to usurp the name andthethrtneofreligion.OTHER DEKIMTIiSa CO.VTBOVBRrKD.crude, conflicting and arbitrary edicts, unknown per- chance to either morals, justice, reason or truth, aad netting and capricious as the impulses of will, interest and power.If, tben, Uw really be nothing other than the rule, prtn- cip'e, obligation orrequirement ol natural justles, it follows that government can have no powers except suchBy the absolute righto of Individuals, we moan those snd other public works of the country. The oppositionThe canvast bag produced by (ho nrosaonfton and identified by the witness.;from the very nature of man, and capable of being But I am aware that other dettaitiens of lav, widely du* as individuals may rightfully delegate toll; that no tow, mutual assistance and intercourse which it gained by theircons-stent with men's natural righto, can arise oat of institution of fricnoly and social onmmaaities. Hence it follows thst the first snd primary end of human laws is any contract or compact of government; that constitu- to maintain and regulate these absolute righto of individu- and more Inflexible obligation than any other rule to our Judicial tribunals and in all the departments of go tional law under any form of government consists only of als. Such righta as are social and relative result fromIor changed only by destroying or changing the fcient from that I have given, have been attempted—de-i of man— it necessarily follows that it most be of finitions, too, which praotuaily o&ta'n, to a gre*t e\'.50t,also: I know Captain Burr's watch, I should know some- er his clothes if I were to see them. [A oast, paste and vest snd Kossuth hat produced ] I should take tha to be hto hat, bat an there are a great many like it 1 could aHaf oonduct which the arbitrary will of spy man, or oom- vernment. But these other definitions are nevertheless i of men, may attempt to esubltob. Certainly no aU, in themselves, uncertain, indedutte, mutable, an i i be of such high, universal aad tnoexible obliga- therefore incapable of being standards, by a reference tothose jiirciples of the written constitution, that are con- and sre posterior to the formation of States and societies; to tbat to maintain and regulate these is clearly a subse-BisteLtwhh natural law, snd man's natural rights: and quent consideration. And, therefore, the principal vUwtbat aay other principles that may be expressed by the of human law is, or ought always to be, to explain pro-NEW JERSEY PATBIOTI8M.A bill has recently passed the New Jersey 8enate, sndte that wbtoh, If observed, secures the tights, the aad liberty of all. \Raturai law then to the paramount law; and, being tow. It to necessarily the only law; for, to every possible ease that can arise tnn righto of men, any other principle or rule should arbitrarily be applied to those righto would with it; and, as a merely arbi' r, partial aad temporary rale must of aecemitT be of i than a natural, permanent, equal and unl-which the question of law, or no law, ciQ be determined. Law, as defined by them, is caprtcipas, arbitrary, unsta- ble, to based upon no fixed principle; results from no established (act; to susceptible of only a liautei, partial aad arbitrary application; possesses no intrinsic authority; does not, in itself, recognise any moral principle; does not necessarily confer apou, or even acknowledge in indivi- duals, any moral or etril rights, or impose upon them any moral obligation.letter of any constitution, are void snd not Uw, and all judicial trlbunials are bound to declare them so. MX*Though this doctrine may make sad havoc with consti- tutions and statute books, It to nevertheless law. It fixes and determines the real rights of all men; and ito de- mands are as imperious as any that can exist under the name of law.Cress examined—I cannot swear positively that these were Captain Burr's cloth*t; I never saw the prisoner be- fore thst; be wss taking tea with at; the captain toid m» he was giving the mate (the prisoner) 310 a awath; heFor example; One of them definitions, one that proba- i arbitrary one Becomes, in reality, of no bly embraces the essence of all the rest, is tbw:—It is possible, perhaps, that this doctrine would spareetooghofour existing constitutions to save our gavern-menis from the necetslty of a new organization. Butwhatever else it might spare, one thing it would not spare. sists properly to a power of acting as one thinksi at all when the two come in collision. Conse- ibere to and can be, correctly speaking, no towI tow. There Han other principle or rule ap i to the righto of men that to obligatory, In compa- s, la any cane whatever. And this naturalIhat "law la a rule of civil conduct, prescribed by the supreme power of a State, commanding what ito subjects are to do, aad prohibiting what they are to forbear."—. Noah Webster.It would Bpare no vestige of that systea of human slave- ry, which now claims to exist by authority of law.*fit, witheat any restraint or control, unless by the law of nature, being a right inherent in as by birth, sad one of the gifts of God to man at his creation, when hekind of disposing of heir person snd property after the manner they judge most consonant to their happiness on condition of their acting within the limits of the law of nature, and tbat they do not aay way aooae it to the n «In this definition hardly anything that ia essential ti the ton* other than that rule of natural justice which idea of law Is made certain. Let us see. Ii save the*.•The mass of men are so much accustomed to regard tow as an arbitrary command of those who administer noiiu w L ^ T , ? , h »t ih e w «» «"•«*• being a natural, fixed andthe clothes st tho station bouse: I was told to go than; I guiltv of s high misdemeanor, snd shall, on conviction, be heard thst there had bean s murcer committed oo boardmens natural rights or fro a i they have a natural right to make, or i as they hare a natural right to enter"Law to a rule of civil conduct, prescribed by the su- preme power of a State."What is the "supreme power" that Is here spoken of as the fountain of law? Is it the supreme pnyaical power, or the bvgest concentration of physical power, whetherW i l l 1 ^ ? * 1 . , * ^ h e reasoning .heady given to cammend it to their adoption. I therefore give them theTol-^ * g corroborations from sources of the highest autoo- rtt** —Jurisprudencejust —Juttxnian. to the scienee of what is just and nn-M7 0ther ,TM-"^ »***T»^,'mlpunished by fine not exceeding $100, or by imprisonment at hard labor sot exceeding one year, or both.THE DOUGLAS FEELING » WISCONSIN.A correspondent writing from La Crosse, Wmconsin, un- der date of March 13, says in regard to tho has and err that Is raised about Douglas'popularity to that and ad-the E. A. Johnson-, but I did not know what 1 was wasted for.Witness was shown tho watch.To Mr. Dwight-I cannot identify this as the captain's. Btnben Kermar deposed that ha saw to*• A. Jjisvoaat aichor on Tuesday Bight, off Gmvesead, Long hues*saw the defendant aad one of the Watts bey seomeaabor-:wniT cosmuCTs. rrNatural tow recognises the validity of aU contracts It exist in one man or to s combination of nua? 9ucn is axil wrongs —Blackstone,K°i£'the law of nature to antecedent sad paramount to allhave a natural right to make, and which jus- te be fulfilled; sock, far example, as conundoubtedly its meaning. And if such be Its meaning then the tow to uncertali: for it is oitentimea uncertain where, or to what man or body of men in a state, the< P < I ,S o f mw„„? L L? * !! " *one; to give to every one his due.—Justinian and jrtoefc-L*':—The rule and bond of men's actions' or it to * rule for tho well governing of civil soctotvtn J!?*-In one arm, it could not take away. * * •TnVxZ^terested parties, who imagine that if Donates should ho eteetoa to tho Prestdenoy, tbey would be Invited to seats to tho CabUet I candidly believe that it the de-away thst eight, as soon ss tJmy oosto hsti»a snebor.Cross examined-1 never taw the prison* ****** night; I taw tho prisoner go on board; the vessel wasequivalent for equivalent, and are atwtoh morality, the natural righto greatest amount of physical power to concentrated.ration of Independence recogniaei no despotism TM S , 'cbtcel, aristocratic or democratic. U deetares Uu" toT mocracy of tha Stats could thto dsy express their free about ens hundred yards from shore; I spoke » toe pr.of property, privilege, te., right to acquire by labor sndWhenever s State sbnuM bo divided Into factions—no one having the supremacy of all the rest—tow would act merely be Inefficient, bot the very principle of law itself would be actually extinguished. And men would havevidua! man ts possessed of rich* of w h t o h A « ^ ! J 2 iopinion personally, not over one third of tho wholetoner when he came ashore to the yawlbost; I waatoa boat, aad wo wars near eatntog together; 1spoke to him sad said, -*I calculate yon are going to give It so b « n o »HBakerdeposedthathoknowsthoprimaer, my business to selling oysters I taw htm on board the E. A. Johnson when I wss taking out oysters aago lost Wednesday 'Cress exsmtted-I had sever teen tho and did not know his name.beresidesml „*fWoolforanomineetheWesternSutfswouldgiveslarger majority than ever hat been given for any man.THE ATLANTIC TELEGRAPH CABLE.An "engineer'' correspondent thinks tbat "ss much in- genuity to required to construct 'taking up' machine^recognises obhga- govern-no "rule of civ J oonduct." to condemn this definition.This result alone is suirbientwhich are essentially jawtisnd good, anatind'm^rtrtut lees recognise the primary idea that toaVtat ensuing ton." Ha thinks "tbat with General John M.Again: If physical power be the fountain of law, then law and force are synonymous terms. Or, perhaps, ra- , tow would be the result af n combination of will._!*•** K ******" *»**»»teh God at man* r«..ii«, infused Into him, for hto preaervaA^and e m * * * ? 1 ^ thtoisaaeternalUw,aadmaylctX^r^o mff4•»tooawtoasstoattogsatottoncannavetothtoeoantryao AST. 8M,alsoJac. Urn DieT ~ w ca*»t«d.-2 Shep. other authority than that which rataits fromwand On obligations of contracts; for oar coa- tbVae which do not are accounted as » i i «aswasrequiredfor 'lettingdown' apparatus"m ^ t but oontraas, and the legislation thiy au- Joe. Law Diet «awa.—UtBj) ^fJfha^ksmaasM»_. •. i t .WHAT IS A WATS?But, perhaps, It will be said that the soundness of thtodefinition depends upon the use of the word "State"—andThe ultimste troth on thto subject to, that man has an [inalienable right to to mnch personal liberty ss to)gronnd may estab'ish that acre as a State, and make his will and power, for the time being, supreme and lawful within it.seperatioB, have in slight only, if any degree, been rea- faculties will supply, he must depend upon the voluntary prisoner to charged, amounts to the same penalty, and he lized. Although the legislation of the country generally kindness of bis fellow men; aniens he be reduced to that presumed thst the counsel for the prisoner would have aoterday , may be overcome to day by an adverse will and power that shall abolish that State, and incorporate it totomake a formal opening, and he would at once proceed ie>ter, then Hwould follow that the boundaries, though battwo feet tquare, within whieh the will and power of apeople at large, (whose highest interests are liberty and justice,) and entirely dependent upon those who have too many inter* sis ixxcntietent with liberty and justice.is allowed to eUpee to carry the work out In looking at r1lmmutabte principle, may. perhaps, waat some otaermisdemeanor wss committed, he or they shall be deemedThe primary and principal objects of the tow sre ri_.rsi rights of men, can be rightfully established by go-Ist\i»ttherecan be nolawsirgle individual are, for the time being, supreme Could a real and entire reparation of toe judiciary from or irrer.Biible, are, for all legal purposes, "a the other departments take place, we might then hope tr. at iheir decisions would, to some incisure, restrain the State"—ind his will and power constitute, for usurpations ot the legislature, aad promote progress Inof necessity, become a Business thoroughfare, to every o'clock on tne morning of Wednesday, tbs 21st-does, this immutable aad overruling principle of natu- the time being, the law within those limits; the science of law and of governmentdeuces; but it Me*inon avenue remains closed, it Is vary E. A Johnson; I knew Captain Burr, of the E a. Jom ton; I chartered that Teasel; she wss going from Sewrules ol conduct, prescribed by individuals or combina-tions of Individuals, self styled govern meats, who haveaa necessarily lawful, without respect to their iatnnsi; justice or injustice, as are the acts of larger bodies ofwhich ought to adorn it, facing the Park. Havlsgonlyone side from Fifty ntoth to lieth street, It will net givefcctlHws for the erecttoa of reeideeeee which may beand two boys named Watte; aba cleerei iron h«re lest Thursday week; I gave Captain Burr I20Q ta specie, ia halves, quarter sad snd ton cent pieces; I gave oia «iJJ•.no other title to the prerogative of establishing auch rules men within those limits where their will and power are dren under a certain age to Ire slain, we cannot certainlytainted second class; for, probably, the elms of mansions tS 5 to gold, I paid him his charter money in paper: b«as*»lthan to given them by the possession or oommand of sum dent physical power to coerce submission to theoi.HrMSRSTrnojf or TBS PBOPIK. The injustice of these rules, however pa'pable and atro-supreme and Irresistible.FALLACY OF TBS 0U> IBBA OT LAW.If, then, law really be what this tefioiiioa would makeit, merely "a rule of civil oonduct prescribed by thesupreme power of a State," it would follow, as a neces- sa worse than death.on that line will etch occupy lots varying from fifty to one hundred feet frontage, affording scope for grounds somewhat similar In style to the palatial residences to the1 me what be would do with it, so I gars him im, $lo go 1nhuman race comes toto the world with rtottta whw,Tt? dertoeverynunhisdue.-jStaiaar * "*• thewhole aggregateofhuman powo?woro^2wa^Justice ss the conatant and perpetual disposition ta ttan B poTOOa whuman governments. * * • Every Individual of the joining States, that it to "all talk, talk, talk, got up by in- the captain dM not come on shore; they moved off ngntv*TM *°U T« «x»«toly; to hurt aowluchazzxs.*• *•***•*' sz&ns.would give their preference to Douglas, notwithstending ^ « & s » * X f i l ^ «»«»«of hter. rifhto snd nato- all this tumult With a roan in whom the people oouldr Tboa?ritST"•*"•°W ^obasrVid •o*TsT!Those which are natural tows are from God- but tha.1toS-atmae"^" J f f ' r>«ii^BJs3Khas exhibited littie. Jsrs than an entire recklessness bMh of natural justice and constitutional authority, the records of the juniciary nevertheless furnish hardly an instanceextremity where the necessity of self preservation over- rides all abstract roles of conduct, and makes a law f>t the occasion—an extremity, that would probably neverpacts we have no other rule to resort tobut the law of nature; (tbat) being the only one to which March 14, gives the following to regard to the Canard liasat Keyport on this voyage; he had business at Key port with my father ta-taw. QapL Barneswhich are so to thetr primary and strictest sense; such as would belong to their persona merely to a state of nature, and which every man is entitled to enjoy, whether out of society or to it —Black.tone, i*l I,p. 123.The principal aim of society (government) to to protect individualsintheenjoymentofthoseabsoluterightowhich were vested to them by the immutable taws of nature, but which could not be preserved in peace without thatacknowledged the necessity of the line, bat were not die*posed to vote the $400,(00, especially as no evldeaoe hadbeen given tbat tbat sum would be sufficient, snd moramight be demanded next year The new postal arrange-ments, it was argued, were wholly to favor of the UnitedStates;whileCanadahadonlytheglory ofcarrytogthomails. Another argument against the subsidy was tho American citizen, snd part owner of the & a. Jeaarm, confident expectation of a subsidy by the British govern- which te aa American vessel; I took tea wubOaptsta Burr ment of $260,000 to tho same lice. The matter was OB board the stoop on Wednesday evening, the late; the brought up again, snd after warm debate the bill passed prisoner was there st tapper; the captain told me he had tbi second reading. So there te little doubt of the result shipped tho prisoner; the two boyt Watts wore on boardtect and enforce such righto ss sre absolute, wbtck, in themselves, are few and simple; and tben such righto as s i e relative, which, arising from a variety of connections, will be far more nnmerous and more complicated. These will take up a greater space in say code of laws, aad hence may appear to be more attended to, though to reality they are not, than the rights or the former kind — Blackstone, a I 1, s 124.The absolute righto of man, consiiered as stoee agent, endowed with discernment to know good from evil, ana with power of choo3tog those measures which appear to bim most desirable, are usually summed ap in one general appellation, aad denominated the natu- ral liberty of mankind. This natural liberty con-will soon become s Jaw. entitled sn "Act for the punish- swear positively; I think these clothes sre hto; I do not ment of crimes." The new law is a supplement to an act know where the captain dealt for hto elotbes.approved April 10,1340, snd provifrs —1. That If any person or persons shall, wtthto this State,get np or enter tote any combination, organization or con-spiracy , with the intentan1purpose of making or attempt- j did not Introduce the prisoner te me, though we tapped ing to make s best le invasion of say other State or Terri-tory of the United Stater, or snail engage to plotting orcontriving any saeh invasion; or shall knowingly iurnlsh Iany mosey, arms, ammunition, or other mesas in aid oreach object, or shall in any way knowingly snd wilfullyaid, abet or counsel any such combination, organization or I think I knew the captain's watch. I know the captains conspiracy, or any such hostile invasion, such person or • clothes [tdentines the clothes sad the bat); this to the bat persons shall be deemed guilty of a high misdemeanor, j be always wore; I picked bit clothes oat of a hag at tns snd shall, on conviction, bo punished by fine or imprison- j police office.meet st bard tabor, or both, the fine not to exoeed $2,000, , Cross examined—I can ?wear positively to the pent* ' snd the imprtooment not to exceed the term of ten years. loons; I know them by toto loop which Copula Burr c ita And be It enacted, that if ssy person or persons out to hang them op by; Icannot say how long he bad thasB. having knowledge o; the commission of any of the mis- ; I shipped with bim st hams ana wsst one voysge witb demeanors aforesaid, shall conceal snd not as soon as ! him to Mrginta; the Captain used to wear these pasts os may bo dtoctose sad make known the same to some one shore; I saw him wear them to Vlrgteta snd ta New Tort; Of the justices of the peace of the county whore tho said I I saw the defendant flnt at the Spring street dock; I mantentcandeprivehun^osw^XTdoW * * " etoToMr.Dwtebt-Ithtek the prtooaerbad rstner swra wbtekersoa then than be nas sew; BS Bads short ooatrsifeel implicit eonfidenos. I have ao doubt but that Wtassa-Laws are arbitrary or positive, and natural the km AT >mewbet vague and Indefinite^ torm? neverth? sto and Minnasota oould be carried by the democrats the on (coat produced); I think tha) to tbs one theliberty, although some of them are exornu^t to somewhatSaB^rSS^a-sjrs2$£2tCSSST* **••"""*•"••"«••• a^rSSBKftryrvsssrjBGSSSBtkVBBi c 2 £ ~ s 3the guardian principle being once broken down, •*—mj. — No law will make a construction to do wronv «,* tK-. can then stay the irruption of the whole horde of pretexts to react bottom, with sn arrangement (st tbs end fobsThe stream oannot sre some things which the law rsTors n n d w m f . , * X Z for doing injustice; and government and legislation thence- lowered down) thai may ho called a clamp. When theknow tha safsndaat, Johnson.Cress-exasatoed-1 know tho watch by tho way tbeguard to bed on R, sad by too saap; I taw It the evening before ho sailed, a weak tost Tuesday; I took t*>e we*cb> for the captain s year ago to hare ft etossed st Mr. Squires', to tha Bowery; I aottosd the namber of u* watch at that time.TheodoreBurnettdeposed thathe fsoadtheyawlboat. The idea, therefore, of wy inherent right in the rmjorttyforth become contests between factions for power and plunder, instead of instruments tot tht preservation of liberty snd justice equally to all.chain is unwinding the 'clamp' will open and slide down the electric cable; when checked, will close tightiv on all sates of ft: then both the chain and cable to he wound an,_.__; er sovereignty to our gorrom»nts,likes ;it favoretb those things that comefrom th„ of »atnra.-l JtoA 183, lflT%er!5a?i3!t " " * Of law no km can be acknowledged than that' «ihttomZ£?r>^', •°»«a'eflu from the to the bosom of God, bar votes too' ^ -The current doctrine that private rights most yield to div id tog tho strain between them. With this arrange-ofthW^rH r *Q W . »aa eheur an im-«**«ivtos stoMef a a y „ „ t t t tnff«r *"yno- « • « « * . to ofMa,All thitrga to heaves from ber power.—h'—"»»7 have more than their rtama.ment to bo wound aad unwound alternately, the whole of it may be raised ta fair weather from the bottom of the sea with s s lhtle strain on ft as ft sustained while being droppedthere A common Bounding line may be so at tached to the clamp as to prevent to) closing, when the work of taking up to completed and we wtoh to recover to The same arrangement win let the cable down again. The steamer engaged would be st rest, if possible, whilef" "*' - Bteekstone speaks' JC**r>iTM*.••*'**•fern of by the tost witness, oa toe sooth sMe ef Furtne speaks of Uw as "a tntonos. Wtnch dtew guisbes the crtterions of rightemend, Steten Island; showed the boat to the tau Kof the soul, and•tmmThomas M. Tryniski 309 South 4th Street Fulton New York 13069m P * M H P Kta ratoteg ft talowortog operations."Untitled Documentwtotesn. , __ ^.„ , raw Kelldtogar deposed I Eve at Part Btebeaood,fismd;tswasaaBlia^Jn>ttlomandswB weak age. X see-to*a tog tatjibesmdotbs pahltesjme, • * - - « • - « - — • —Ivtoaak —»v-—•- — _»?T * "*"•• *umtMOOTBam-the aggregate cost of protesting all the rights of each of the members of the association, he thereby acquires a claim upon the association to have hto own tights protected without diminution.tural justice is intrinsically void and not law, aad tbatthe prtrcipal, If not the only dlfflcnty which be sees incarrying out thst doctrine, to one that to pecular to theBritish constitution, and does sot exist in the UnitedStater. That difficulty is the " inconsistency" therewould be if the House of Lords (whici Is the highest lawcourt to England, and at the same time one branch of will use without invadiof the rights of others. This liber- the legislature,) were to declare, to their capacity as ty to an inherent right or hto nature aad hto faculties. Itjudges, that an act was void, which, as legislators, they is an inherent right of his nature and his faculties to debad declared should be valid. Anlihisis probably the vetope themselves freely, snd without restraint from otherreason why Btackstone admitted that be knew of no pcw.ir natures snd faculties, that have no superior preroge-in the ordinary forms of the (British) constitution, that t: vrs to his own. And thto right has only this limit, viz :was vested with authority to control asract of Parlta tint he do not carsw the exercise of hto own liberty so farmont that was unreasonable (against natural justice). as to restrain or Infringe the equally free devetopement ofBut in the United States, where the judicial and legisla- the natures and faculties of others The dividing line be basin, or bay, or to any river where the sea ebbs aad tive powers are vested in different bodies, snd where twecn the equal liberties of each most never be trans-they are so vested for the very purpose of having the for- gressed by either. Into principle te the founda-which the crowded state of oar columns forbids us topublish, in speaking of the desirability of immediate as-tion by the Common Council snd legislature to authorisethe opening of Madison avenue says: "tto rudely and soabruptly brought to a termination—otherwise the aidsatreeta may be so blocked up with buildings as to tried to get ahead of us, aad either through ignorance or form a decided aland and baarier against the aeoompltoa- gross carelessness she ran into us: BOOMof tne gear of tae nici.t or improvements that no party can venture to saythe Central Pa k, we cannot ignore the fact that theknow. But this we to know—'.hat oar judges have hith-erto manifested no intention of resigning thetr offices toavoid declartog it to be tow, tbat '-children of two yearsold and under," maybe wrested forever from that pa-ieLial protection which is their birthright, and subjected vicinity of Hyde Park, London. Therefore Madteoa to it; 1 had the nag to the safe for two or threeptoses, two 36 gold snd I think a 33 30; toe silver waa ia a bag belonging to Captain Burr: It hat a st/mgTa prisoner s counsel —If there was another bag like this, and a string on tt to the same place, I would thuu it was the one I saw with Capt. Burr; but I am oonOoeot tbat this te the bag.knew the E X Johnson knew her yawl boat; saw it at the barge office; B was shown see by oaeof the harbor pohceeatle w cylinders, tho chain ar cable to bo long enough stay sfssr tha vessel wss brought to; I know tow captsia* vatoh; I saw it ea tho Tuesday before ho tost sailed, (watch paodoced); thto to the esptastjs watch I do sotHe proposes "a chain or cable, to bo wound sad un- by machinery independent of Che sable's under-BetahHowell deposed thathelivesatIsHp;heisaatogether; the captain did aot tall me what hto nests was, ho called htm William.Selah Benjamin deposed thst he bad sailed with Caput) Burr on the voysge prevtous to the tost one: I knew Jobs- ton, the prisoner; ha shipped oa tho 13th, in my place I www.fultonhistory.com•S^BS^SWBBJBBBBBBBJSBBBBBBBJBJBBBBBBBBJt T f s B m P ^ s a s SV f t ^ s V w B B B m t B n s V is m l t w O awns f T t P w1 