 imr-TMK. BATOBBAT,MMi, ftom the SUM port «»*•(how conclusively that fteAHs TaU. la the CaUHMaa la 9m,atea of Aamleaa eKtaeH, ka* %tmgarrisonsFort Moultrie he could doneither. If attacked self from for such exactions. responsibilityforCity Inspector'sare to be received at thewill be liappv to receive those wbodestie thetr profea> sional services on New Tear's Day, from 8 A. M. to S P. M. There can be no better to commeaee tke ~Id ta tk* Tms >«iUi<>C> BrontlBC tk« Citr— bTthePuDTSxHSO, merdy rivesbisinspiraionconstantlyfromhim, asi«» M«ad take. OpodraaonMmnaat, sadChatl^!rl!i^—rf«aa/^>»« n ii—ini iii—and does anyadjnstmentofpendingdtffi^rences,except other:nTKlW-TOBKmiM(W«*lT)-I»o» been received The only item of intereal relates ta their enemies. He is doing precisely thewhich Bxsisict Abbold at attemptedUnion,all in its power to preventtion to lay aside a resolution for decidingpassed Kaat at I e<tekMk this ata Dearer City dates an Is the MfcJaL T nle*weresloleafromtk*CUliha£S«ila^<i< OTVJ til—HlWraittoeophi.partisanshiprwaatly PobUahadhi(ha'suanaiSSHMto ta ImnmIfc CO., ftSriSSrf -York Ott,.steadiorsa than might have been looked for under the coutimied ezciung eventa and ramora from the Boutlr. Thecaah prieea closed firm; How-Torknot tlw slight-I doBtJtaow wheniraw BOWIBT THBSITBK l»Ul»«-Pin»*"-C»«"totry,It winturnnext."Sonth Carolinaat the sufferance of the Federalacted entirely upon liis own responsibility, where-character,teach youyourreportedreference to the qaesthe disclaimers which the edi- be instructed to make weaken thisImmediatelyhe announced thenullification,if W^inrtonHoS^itoSX C. Klig, of WashingtonB—J. XATVOKD alH!ii!^TiM».H«trDBO.t9.W>»-to denbt that he iaiaponible uaiag absoluteowner.BtI>aMa«o,biianintimates that he may have proceeded them tothe Federal Government from men now in this City who were in the habit But it was not the only one. The back was nearly posalsopened. —"Vm Imperial Ruse Champagne," to be sold wittaootgrows stronger every day. The House Committee Soof Thirty-three had a long session yesterday, at which the members from the North and South ex-luded to, did not ceme up, but instead, Mr. Adams, of Massachusetts, proposed a resolution declaring itbyMr. Niblo tha as* of the room for the ktadly gavechanged views and opinions in the most friendlyThe Fort Snelling sale, the Willett'sgle—that joUy personage, occasionbyanobeseandgrotesquelyattiredeffigy,—DJIXIMHon- olulu,inaccoidancewiAinatractionsfromWaah- -^ork'x^enfeoaehmmmeonf*rdtSMtaTltowiWWanlMntorwwdaloaappUaatloa. CommiaaioDen,thatpenonalpTspertyfoUovratha—ZrSu*,tS*l<)aek.tlmttrteao*ingtca.unpromiaing.terms that involve the virtual break-down of the incoming Administration, and the ruin"Mr. Dmnr—Mr. Frestdent, t oookl giia soiM veryPlke^ PeakEzpiaaaiaSlaMMJ-'-tttm-Oomneieial aihin wenontral andIt shonU not be. I am aot san Inugh neuOy, by a easflrafiilgileaM.expedientfuture amendmenta in regard to Slavery can arrive, came in consequence of the removal ofbe made, excepting at the request ofand unfaithful to Us public trust We have and hence tfae attempt of certain Statet to relieve them-[AtrarllaaaM.]The Nervous Headaches, Fainting Fits,a Slave State. Thiswhile it is considered unnecessary by soma of thea ""sport In aof certabaty byis Bepnblicans, —generallyHr.It must have aston- even. SouthCarolina?orotbmeucdueloluiBht of both and old. The sale of arti- youngcles at taelralr, and the admission fees, realized a con-a cure. effecting qicedyjArAXlsE, Chihesb, Eastand retail. Foeauu's Iwoix S*oaa, No, •»»—Broadway—ern membersandThat such a man should crown such acareer by acts of treason is only a natural Slave law, for that law is unconstitutionalsiderable sua ta aid of the InstltuUentobOiCrectedtafund for the new ainta-street,andtoofopenly indorsing it, and expressing the belief thatHAinLA.arrangementmovements of the Secessionists, and knewscruples conscience, no principles of honor, to stand inpublicpriateCobb,Alabama,others,buildingIwdia.and AmeticsB Indisa Artlcls*..8ta)>l* andFaneyheld their lastState Congiessmen, to the number of about—and he promptly put himself in aattention from his con-which were debated in anext,it is understood, acceptabletothaSouth-each of thetoys, and the experiment was repeatedproposition,It islowinggrabbagpositiona,spirit, were all finally referred to a Committee ofone from each of tha frontier States represented,to report at a meeting to be called when they shall the miserable cliquehave agreed upon a plan conjointly. tors who for the time hold sway in Washing-The South Carolina Convention was engaged ton.This action of the Board Btt^t.,.._____^wUh respect to theprovidea that the Governor haveperformance on Saturday last we hareken, give their second entertatament to-nigWatand »k»»toB"Mctae.mis ParOoalar atteoUon given t« Shins made to ord«-of foreign powers; toand also for negotiations, etc.,preparednot say that we have no BccHAKAU seems to be sofruit. He tried tothe Union on the TariffHe immediately started the Slavery issue as one that promised better results. It wasand of next week, and '5"insecretsessioninfrom other anyafterthefailure ofd""areattheAstorHouse.with an additional sectionentering the military, naval or civil serviceIt is notorious Slavery,Constitution voted to developing it and shaping SouthernLadies, if•^ of von'Bclves snf i;bil<lren >>e*a»iral Gaiter Bootsoftlie State, whotaking the oath of allegiance.Thursday,soNforhisact,andwithdrawthetroopsatthe that demand of the Commissioners from South Car- sponsibleEveo-after what we have seen already,degree for its views on political affairs.of whose already spo-olina. Ajnbassadors, Mmisters, Consuls and other agents we are notarticle aiaAfoT outdoorir*Bi aaeasur*. __^^^__at CaISt. » WOOD'S, Ko.Hon«on and Bleecker25 percstit. helow former prices.conductprovides the appoiiTtment ol fou^that has ever been attached to would consider its utterancestheirget question,out of but failed."»", mer. hoise-taioS de7"iiflorlS/JrO.° 627 Broadway,becomeThe Secretary of the Treasury yesterday openedthe for the five millions in proposalslost or forgotten. and out of Southofall siies. Store, see Gre«nwich-st., corner Murray.maycitiiens, uponsentimentthe House of was placed in his present position by the im- uponMr. Rhktt isFrom 1832 his disciples, inhave been watch-powerto receiveonconciliatoryof the Board, held on"Vo kwanU Kav* ^ i«M-__jar»•»iep«tad»l««»»pMf«dC»p« itaperatiTdydemandl&eBemtaqrorOeigran. mediateisthemattmaaifhehadbeeaitsijew..yw;htof tfce*»oetat«dP»Mfc ^,Federal Oovenunent, to give aid and comfort Conttituticnparsi.esno e lorse which thethe change in the American Oonaolate atsome of these points, he thus referred to an-tV«st Point He is betraying a fortieaa ia- At the Geoetal Tenn ot the Sopreme Conrt rea- trusted to his command.terdaj, h waa held in the caae of HoTtaa. the Taxwhym fomr turner, unlttt you act. The Celleetor t<dd me ttat two of the persons am-Ia compliance with a general demand, Mr. was taken tolely on kit oim refpontitility, and nat la the representatives of the people. Affairs are erty bills, which givs it too much the appear- consequence of orders from flie authorities here.Tuesday,adjotun till Wednesday, at noon. TfaeBatmoks's four letters to Hon. W. L. TahcIT on We have also reason to believe that it was not occa- becoming too serious to lie permitted to pass ance of special pleading." The real reason, the issues and tendencies of the present political sioned by any threat of attack ar hostile action on the without inquiry. Mr. BncHAHAB has utterly be thought, was, that the election of LincolnFive at Seraataa, Fa>Soaaanw, Friday, Dee. tt.KEWS OF THE DAY.•Ou) news from Charleston continues to be of anthef^e circumstances, we mutt exfrett our regret tkat Major Anderton thoutd have taken tuck a tttp without ordert or apparent necettUy, "We have no doubt that all this is perfectly—like the present, and the only pointlie athere, he would have been compelled —In thecase to wliich we refer, Mr. attention had been called to—Cityfive years,office until noo7ijsslerdav in the consideration of the Address tothe of There are intimations that the President willadopted. present "holidayJan. 7,on which day the usual azeroises of the will be resumed.persons, with the advice andthe Convention, who, with the Lieutenant«ovemor shall form a Council, to be caUed theExecutive Council, whose duty it shall be to ad flexible in their hands, Tise with the Governor. An ordinance was alsoconsent ofIn «*»regardingthosepersonsandintegrity of the^'Government, we trust he that the present editor of theG.lirciddlDSs'ofTexas;JA.Whiteside,G. W. hanker, of Boston, and s. II.Treisury bt cause we have notes, tOB issue of which was lately authorized bywhen w ilh the it was found that less than half(Congress,gcT cent, interest. Upwards of two millions are cate hia concliict before the country.overdirect control. Positive and sworn testimony, They have found one at last, and have ven- of Olatgow, ate at the Jptoraattonal Hotel. ray.as an attack could be made with a chance of success, there was constant danger thatonewouldbemade. Thetelegraphre-^e to justice and to the country that the experiment should beunconstitutional, and,tried. maimer. The Territorial Compromise, before al- ports that'during Thursday and Friday troops Pointthe Flour and Mule contracts, between the States. We cannot go before Congress In was wall surrounded with glftaforth* A juvenllat.longbe doubtful. But it issecond Ume, and the ladles took care that KrissKrta-were into Charleston from all parts of pouring;as and into puted birthdays of otir Saviour,—provided that all thethe State. This is doubtless an exaggeration. to amend the Constitution so ttiat no But it is not at all likely that those who didFlotd the character ofreUtion to lUs matter. The States, acting in their sov- ereign capacity, should be responsible for the rendi-to Fort Sumter. That event could notand part tftheuhm a breaek oncelebiations Uttleequally prolifictroopshave been known when they started.much more probable that the removal took place in consequence of their approach and a threatenedattack. MajorAmdibsonhasun-Congress thelegislatt upon North."subjectby youngstersthe novel of al-Houowat's purely vegetable Puts. They are as mild in operatton, as they are positive iacan now be made. The doubtedly kept himself advised of all the consummation. Be can have no ofthFeoarftfyair wascost $90,000. Altogether, quite appro-an amicableSenate Committee iiave come to the con-clusion that it ia useless for them tomake anv further attempts to agree, and the President The forts had been confided way.to the Feast of the Innocents. The an- at reduced prices, wholesale Holymeeting yesterday.The BorderSenatorMr. Rbett is undoubtedly right in saying thataew PatentThe Holidat Vacahos in oue Schools.—A lined Witt BataBtCTystalliod iron—the onlyseventy-five, met in caucus lastthem. The act was noble, prompt and patriotic—and will be borne in re- membrance when men who have hearts for thehonor of the American flag, shall replaceover Senator Ckittx^din. and various bjrNew-Yerk. ^Irt'li7BBlMls«a.-I»*Bproposi- tiooa for adjustment were advanced. These pro-house have theygatheringcharacter, it was imder the necessity of gath-Many-street i__night,presidedpositionprotectwasadopted byquiteto his careHis ends are tiest promoted by what-Fugitive Slave law! This will be news to day evCBtag next.Exaaiae's Patehi CaAJiKoaas well what they intended to do as didviolated the Constitution in the passing of the takes placeof MadisoB-avenn* and Twenty-cighth-street, on Sun-hisever will divertduct. If he can plunge the country into civilwar, he may hope for the impunity which this secession movement has been " by-lawtothe Board of Education, at the seFslon held on the 19th tastant, making WednesdayAt theadjourned Wednesday evening last, resolutions were introduced by Commisdonermisgivings, tborouglilyappealsforMr. theimportance JK onebetwaej sts. 1 he whole stoek is nioMi.— control of the Secessionists, so*^"r:openlyflagraiitlytobetraycol'.SboiStalsoToilet Slippers, patrooiieMILLKK k No. 3« C»ali-St. CO.,will be forthwithKfl'resentatives, and put upon liis trial,rightsay-Phirt for New-Year's Day.—All wbo woaldwell » d f.-^; comfnrtHhle, to weir i.no oC loi'k onghcMoLAUtHLIN S Pcrtect-H'tiig Shitl*, Desdy-aiad*.ofVS35** «viryThe Peisidknt'3 Obqait.nance for the formation of a Southern Confedera- reprimand, or otherwise punish Major Andkb- Constitution gives the public to understand,people the Southern States, and the ordi-schoolsry. Insecretsession,onwas passed to amend the Constitution of the StatethePresidentisinnosenseorhealthy, But Mr. Calhoch was the realDrawers. *e. AIM.aBaK-Hoss, "»"??«"»"°l5^anordbiance Executive Department. Itre- If this statement should obtain general credit it will would at once deprive the Constitution of all—pliant utterlyCapt. advantage. ^^^t'^' E EMtmaii, of U. S. Na%-y, and J. Kendall,__ RT.rash insanity ia beyond the range of possibili- —Nor will all"M. Escau- of New-Orleans, and W.the iitmoat care.^„_^--.^tion ofto tiie one previously reported to the Convention ty. But if he does this, if he ventur^^hus may";citizenship.It is similar inits provisionsirrepressible conflicton^^r Mendez. J. Alior,to sur-specific personalwhat more eitheroftheprecedingspeakers. UesaidFloyd'seither case he would have been absolutely the claim repeatedly for six months, yet hisexplicitto-day.is an enormous contract, of vast importance to the City, and one which ought to enlist theThe secession of South Carolina Is not an event back to Fort Moultrie. Tliis demand was the sub- eral Government. Under these circumstan- $500 was paid to his confidante, and the signa- COLS'B election, or by the non-execution of the Fugi-besides the Contractors for professional[AdrmkeBMC]"A Merkt Chkisthas akd Happt New Teas,"TMrwHMHr tr War. haa ^MTcd that wbes the paper tured Wriy tm th» e^peiMpiMtt Whatmm TheefieialpiooeediaiBofStantarjrMT» waaaold.UsageaqrwasaspersoaslandIm- comeofiti»tteeni,wmaiasjoWj.It Mcnta^JJ^*??^ bla poaition and power as aa oflfeer of the An theseClfctfiofa^ at» tta mttm MsM,to ffaoee who avow themaelres enemies of theIjater wMcra A«mWIhtiwcFhfeIdsSfteBaaintoFaiiasandeaaetovoend United States. Nor is it hia owa In- President does not approve. Its editortbeftOTiMMBoltfaaUthiiiat,aiilfaaatfort fluenceandaidthathethnathrowaIntothe heisto Si. Dm tioned before tbe act was that AacdeaaiIt is stated on theof Gen.potent totide-teulerwm'lbetmnuddmtnto-nigU,atfoutuuUoceoirai SB Dm daalst,aadTasvAa, aavm.and had been arrived at. In caae this modest demand have had to move a gun irom one embrasure terior disclosed the fact that Mr. Flotd was before us, whose great and patriotic efforts hare sig- bidder. This is a matter ofare tojecta late hour last night, at which time no conclusion leave one fort and occupy another, as be would The robbery in the Department of the In- 'gathering head/or thi'ty years, and. In the productionComptrollersays Ksux, the Hatter, to his numerous patroaiL Near the tiilmes of the eld Trinltv, corner of Jlroad- way and Fulton-streets, he still lingers, and seads forth his admired Hau and bis Taato another.ing the allegations of the President. Our corres- ly enough, because it renders it impossible forKbox's great snceess. They always declare that a man never leok* so well as when wearing a Knox[AS»eflHIBIl».l FOB THE BOLIDAT8.Nor is it easy to see what possible ground " "Weperformance. of South Carolina ! and ttist secession would be the Mayor Wood and Comptroller Haws the expe- Hat.pondentupon privateand this view is home out by the assurances given to express "regrets" /or this reason} Is he Floyd's acceptances, ^receiving in some in- us to put tills great question before ail the world uponinstructions from Mr. Buchahas,expel its own forts.But is the President preparedof negotiating with these contractors for Mr.— my friend is thisHe says he thought It expedient forthat there is or unfairness in the cose.reserve. Sale rain or shine, this at II potlilve, day,by him to Mrs. Ahdxrson, that her husband should so thoroughly and openly enlisted in the cause cometonoharm. Whatevermayl>ethetruthinstances tens of thousands of dollars as a con- ditionofprocuringthem.These are some of the transactions of the:this simple matter of wrongs on the question of Slav- ery; and that question turned upon the Fugitive Slave law, according to Ills statement. Now, Sir, inany par-Cbbistvas Festival or the Obphans' Home.—San^a Glaus appeared ta all his glory yesterday, atMlblo'a Saloon, for tae special benefit of the seventy-tothematter,themovementofMaj.Ahdis- astodeploreamovementwhichprotectstheregard8011 ia generally commended.Meantimethehopethatacompromiseoftkediffi-Government forces against defeat t Itmaybesaidthatthis step will provokeSlaveculties existing in the Union may be affected an attack. On the it will it light contrary, preventtheyforth— dependent for his p!ace solelyKearaer on Aanday nigiit. Then i« nothliif ofapeciatimpattaMa &OB Cattfomia. A coal minewa« repoiMd to ka*« been diacoveiad abaat eightrmile* tiom Canon Taller, and a Oompanjr bad He is placing the arms and mnnitiona of war, of the Secessionists. It Vindicates their ac- recognize the Custom-Honse officers, and that claiiaedthreeIhctaaaodacieaoflandcoreringthe whichhavebeenintrustedtohiscarefortfae theirpostalservicemustalsobestopped. In ndae, which thar weTe prapariaf to develop. tion,—denouncesanddefameseverymanwho adebateaftertheactwaspassed,uponamo- Kewa fnin the Wndwieh btanda to Nor. 1 had defence of the United States, in the hands of asserts and would defend the integrity of thehands of traitors ;and the honor of the Govenuneat he serves. The paper Is now an Di«n o gan and advocatepassed tk^ oathslatal.thatonthe9thofthismonthSecretaiyFLOTnor- the « and will he lazed peiaon It has never for a moment risen aboveto be sold to S. B.TA»AS fromadlik^^f*.« ^heia thebetraying rights clusively on his countenance and supportcould have no commerce if -they refused toTfcUt.vl„,«i„.„^; ad a TMattOB aC AMrteaa rigbta.TfceFlke^Feak FaatSaABsar,Friday,Dee.M,The California OveHaadCMtialaadPfts'a Vmkauthority'the ten Aa^areaUaaatraat r*<ada7. ta- —T'-ltag niMaaustaimiw(h. raurtmWF0RcSlTOBHI4iit«MhW penoo,affitmad. inThe Stock Market yesterdar diaplayed more Troy,Central TMBankandBankers'quoUUona104®105percent. Governor ofGeorgia,Mr.Flotd,hadgranted tionofpattisan malignity. Andinthis,asin vice,herlight-houses,haveall beenfondshedIjJaSx KKIMI'S lH«ATBB-4ft«TMnn»n* ''*'»'»« BreadatnlTB were less active. The dsmaaK firwn Col. Habobb, late commandant of Westfoint, everything else, it faithfoUy reflects the senti- and supported by the United States. She holdsdWMtM*iaa *•• Mo*> ia «n0«a> foand. Thedaoirioo of tlie CommiMionera waa dered 10,000 muskets at the Waterrliet Araanal merestwherever the"•**'r mer la a tetterof Savan- nah, Georgia, at $2 60 eacbr-aad that they jvpre shipped from the Arsenal on the l4th^Lamab,—no regard for the Unioa,^est sensitiveness about the honor uid tite wel-lecalvaA a alight eat la Oa h aaFreparattoDa aia maklaf for a stage Una to Ft aad tfae 8aa Joaa aaliea.Onr Washington correspondence statedIBTXyS OA*DIM—Afttrnooii ud BTenl««-TB« Zou- tinned eavy. Xoodon l(M®i04|, sales ; extreme yesterday that, upon the application of the bounded by party interests and ttie gratifica- Government Her commerce, her postal ser- and the days clear and warm.-4k>aamSnani.WWRB GABMK—Bu V*« Wmua-BoBiMshipperswascheckedbytheadvancedclaimsof leaveofabsence on full pay, to go to Europe ments and the spirit of Mr. BvcHAXAK. All its on to them all, and yet flatters heiaelf thatKaaaasSeliarCk^adltaeSefmt. Ananas, K. T., Friday, 6ee. WLTheBqiortof tha Kansas BdlefCommiitoisftr tha week eodiag Dec..a>. «ates thatM,IM pooais af wheat, floor, com, beans, dtc, have baas rsaaivaC from various States, also several boxes of "'-H^lag Tbe total amoont distilbatad deiiag that'tlaw la;ErieSiH- MoneyandExchangecon-Ma- holders and tlie iucreased lirmneHa in rates onto arma for the State of purchaseto the of Gieat Britain. Cot- principal portaGeorgia.dieclaimers,in face of these and unde- patentshe set^edl hasfreightM»» •» »« Ou>MI ton was in fair request at buoyant prices,^e He has ordered large quantities of gtins and Wi^^<^'B IHBATBB-Kak movements in Groceries, Provisions, Tobacco, Na-inst.fare of the Americanpeople.Its hdrlxon isto-dayonlyTbe weather IspleasaatTh*Bl|toanfraa^.An ordinance has been introduced provid- —Aneraoon—MasWPA— val Stores, Hay, Hops, Fruit, Tallow, Hides and warlike mtinitions, removed from the Arsenal and cowardice which characterize Its master. irg that"»(hall take cognizance of all cases of adoslralty and Cooatiea In tbe Territory. The beBa^te of tbe sMr- mntnXtTHIAIB*—A"*""*"•*Kreolii*—Spaoi- MetalsandForeignLiquorawerepartiallyneg- morallycertaintofallintothehandsofthe Thereseemstobeaconsiderabledifference maritimejurisdiction;andthatsaidJudgesShall aaentshavebegantobeverysensiblyreallasdnniiag^MM * Boon' OnBB»-ll»»w«« or Si. MKnAXL. ABatnCS KUMBBlt-Aftonnw ••* BT«nIn«-8iA orlected.MajorAnderaoB at Fort Snmter.of the Government at the Arsenal in Chailes-tion ofSonthCarolinaasto thereasons andfurther kavt jurisdiction over all ^encet under tke Department, tkt pubUc cuttomt, teamen, and tretpattttour soSeiliig people.Kadeaal .Warklac Kra^ CmmrnmOmm..laPmma n Ul-Airao Cwi»m^-8»bmLaenviua, Ky., Frld^, DmLM. large Coavei^ion of meehuiies and worfcia(spite of its disclaimen, we must regard as Union. country is at least equally in the dark on the tion tkete and are mea, jesterdav,oftkit State, for several offtncet be, passed atraag resolntloas Ikvart^sHOOUTfc CAMPMLI.'S.NlMo'IOAMTKBBCBT MUSIC HALI,-Ba« Cowiu^-Srasiexpressing substantially the sentimenta of theIf he is doing all'these things upon his own subject, it may be well to consider the differ- kertby. rrtained at parts of the lawt of this State until call for a Mattoaal Working Mea's CoBvaattoa, mmkand in the exercise of his own au- ent reasons different members. otherwise provided by tbe General Assembly of this dlscoimtesaikClBf the oitra-poUtmaas both North aalAnDuraw»»*Talikwi)Copat." SOBAUB*QALLlBT.No.«•Bro»dw»X-TBI CB-•Picnu.Tke DisBiiion QiMstio*.President,following paragraphvolition,AM T«UM»»-HAJH.S01U Leather were restricted. Whisky was depreaaed, at Pittsburgh, to extreme Southern points, and closed lieavily. Hemp, Fish, Candlea, Oils, where there are no troops, and where they areTlie Judges of the 'Courts of Law in this State 117,7(10 pomtds, sAId has beeii aaat todlffiarsatAf«ioA« SUooa-lMloMAWThe Waahington Constitution, which, In ton to be seized by the avowed enemies of the motives of secession. As the rest of the upontkthigkteat ;oftke tTmtedhas thecon-cerning the military movement of Major Am- thority. Congress shMld hold him to a rigidassignedbyin the habit of accepting, nnconditio'&ally, nalized the times In which they llveu, have not been drafts from Messrs. Rt;ssiLL & Majobs for con- lost. Have the labors of Calbous been forgotten,great consequence,hearty greadag.Warwhich have notregardFugitivelaw,mytet/douit floor ofDepartmentseen theWhethereightcould beby the process of a Congressional inquiry maypurchase,and other public acts, have fastened upon Mr.healtlileresUectionofbappy children nevar was seen not one was ailing, aad all entered into the spirit of the occasion with an energy that would doubtless be exhibited equiOly at the celebration ef all of the dis-not the 8l<<'htest doubt that if the truth can tie disclosed, be would be proved to have ad- ministered the affairs of hia Department with solereferencetohisownpersonalemolumenttelvet the fromStates, gowith No presents.Nanae^ &c., to which females are subject, can be cured withburglars seek by firing therobbed. We hope, however, that Congress will not suffer him to close his official careerintriguing conspira- without subjecting his conduct to a rigid official scrutiny.head foris a happy one.HisLike all sores of athe 2d of a January, holiday.to credit this.w^M** All B«nons TiihiQXboots aadand so quarter,;A. G. Hazard, of VermootCampbAePlOlT,HK.C_A.Jfertlcineswarrantedstriotljpare,anddupeoaedvisa.impeached byW. G. Smedes Misjouri, and Francis r.raQger,oIany specialpresent Senate he could be couvicted,WeTue^y """J*'Henry Morgan,O.evesT—under the lt_the SouthThursday sededbyMr.im»T-thegreatifit werenot that no act of ment of the Governmentto reflect the views of the EiecuUve Depart-and worthy of notice, deaf tosupposedof.,/ »,?f;J.ndoBsmith,of; Wtsconsintorthehonorand imprfssioninthepublicmind.and the residue of his life was de- r.f.'h iflCdon,Eng.,ariatthe Flflh-aveuue Hotel. >-cw-Ycar-'> Preeenta.—wish for—confidence th:it cniNAK. Theof Mr. Btr- ingof New. Havenand T.notmediateinterpositionis supported wholly byoan- W H. Peet. of New Orleans, and T. A. Neal anaCarolina,il at amount had been bid for, at an average of 13 but because he should be compelled to vindi- wl.ich Mr. Bucni.vA.v claims and exercises a ing for a favorable opportunity tofRtronngesecede.N. Hoot*r,of are at the Brevoart Boston,and direct paper;of the ExecutiveGsnla'NTtolidnT Hat Cor Yoang Men, a*yet draggedmerry Inmates of. the Orphan's Home am, kBaorrlMlds, fistula aad Boae*si«dtt* rectum, an sorsd wttboat tfae kaUs ar ngataia.koon from 8 to t A. 1 to I aad T taTF. Office M., H.,atll*.4tnnh-aT«siia.GET THE BIST.•01 niT'TSiji's AaaaassofTHE CAKRIBRS OF THE SUNDAY MERCVKT will >e ready for deUvery irith the paper.thingsl^at ftmrn- teeUr »*-reasonsWool, anddisbandmentoftheBepubllcanParty. tliattlulights m Ugkt-kamtetfrvmOft tweea8euaa,aeattiain its treatment of this eittnguitk tkt gat lightquestion. It has no sympathies with the coun- ployed onder him had tfarawn up thetr ooauniarioai. RerMteun,Iniable facts,onIy Ulnstrate freshly the duplicityWhy Ther Seceded.Disnnionlsts. He has permitted all the arms of opinion among the members of the Conven- lawt of tke United Stalet rtlating to Ike Pott-^/UtState, saving and excepting therein so muchasre- Com- latestoCourtsInwhichsaidoffencesshallbetried."undertheor-ders of the President, then the President mittee, that " it dwelt too much upon thoseSouth..^____Ifheising that this action on the part of Major Aniisoa should be required to explain his conduct to Fugitive Slave laws and those Personal Lib- of Federal, and continuing—Tbe State Lxqislatube Spxaeebsbip or'Arpeala.Albabt, Friday, DecM.DCKSOII:" We believe that we are perfectly correct in stat-responsibility.actingMr. Wabdlaw objected to one of the Decla-rations of Independence reported by the This is simply changing the name of certainCaar*efThe Court of Appeals will meet formally omTHE Absxublt.—Our State Legislature meetspart of the people or military In Charleston, and that lost the confidence of all parties. No one baa was equivalent to an "edict of emancipation," on Tuesday next. Upon the election of The store of OvAHsA Co., at the National Aa-—crisis, will be published in pamphlet form. Copies there was no reason to anticipate any change la their any further confidence in his fitness for the and the addreas ought, therefore, to Speaker of the Assembly likely Mines, destroyed oy at 10 o'elsckmay be obtained at the TnciS Office thi* afternoon. attitude in relation to the Federal troopl. Under conduct of national afftUrs in an emergencyset forth there is to be thracite was fireof doubt that remains is, whether he is deliberately be- traying the Constitution he has sworn to sup-candidateforre-The Empire Killa. at Hilwaokae, were destroy** exciting cliaracter, and indicates a determination sincere. The President, as well as the Con- port or whether he is only a helpless imbe- preciated the importance of going before the have been made to defeat him by attacks upon by fire on Christmas moralag. Loss, •r*,tOS la-on the part of tha South Carolinians to precipitate stitution, and all other agents and accomplices cile tool in the hands of conspirators. In world with a fiill vindication of their action, his character. The Tribune demands that he sured. »S1,000. a direct collision with the Federal Government. In of secession, unquestionably "regret" this either case, Congress owes it to the cotmtry if they expected any sympathy or support be not chosen, on the ground that his electioiiftct. they have already gone so far aa to place moTement ofMaj. Akdibson. But we venture to to demand full information as to the steps he He said :when yon take the poslUon that vou have a right towould embarrass and discredit the Bepubllcan themselves in an attitude of rebelli<m. The Pal- assure them that this regret is not shared by has taken, and the military orders that have " Allow me to say to the honorable gentleman, that Party.metto flag was raised on Thursday afternoon on the people. We do not believe that even in been issued upon his authority. A resolution breakWe feel no special interest in the contestH0TI<» of111—Moultrie, lately evacuated by Major Abbissok andhis command. Theae two fortresses were occu- son's conduct. Men who have been and still serves impeachment, not only in connectionto destroy an agreement which youthe Custom-house and Post-office, and in the even- this Ci^ ten respectable men can be found,;whiching whodonotrejoiceandexultinMaj.Aaoxa- SecretaryFlotd,beyondallquestion,de- juuifyyourttlffiMytotittkenationtoftketnrU,/or withjusticeandtruth. WehaveknownMr.of inquiry ought forthwith to be passed it waa displayed on Castle Pmckney and Fort outside the circle of avowed Secessionists,— should cover this whole subjecthaveand ia a maimer consistentthe State troops, under the instructions of Gov. PiCKXKS. They found in them only twelve men belonging to the Government forces, who, ofpied byand who would do in everythingtothat he has used his officethe Union. Not in letter has this been but only done,Jaanaiy. In view of the coadUloB of Oathe North,their power to secure the concession of South-the whole country,—satisfy—be auaceptible of proaf, sufficientbune has so as wanton and By liberally indulged,—it tkat cattt tuck a ttam Iki etcutck- there netkinf tfponssaas, ao.,We believe him to be an— man« whollyolEce there is underatood to be under the control as thorough an opponent of the North as the Washington utterly bankrupt : and it ia equally «blch should have acted for our common good has should differ from him on several subjectsof the Chariestonians, who will not permit any North contains, magnifiea the movement and notorious in financial circles that he has de- been converted Into an Instrument for our destrustlon. which engaged his action last winter. Weshould not have voted for the City Raiiroad^ills—ashedid, eitherbeforeorafter,theyhadwishavaasa-•B kaadconne, quietlyoreunquaMedsystematically for purposesplimderper-uprightin-surrendered. This is the accountdispeaaem claims concerning Slavery,andoftelegraphed from Charleston ; but as the telegraph in their applause. Even tiie Boston Courier, sonal profit It is notorious that he came to destractlve of those ends ; that the common agent capable of betraying a public trust Wematter to l>e telegraphed which does not suit them, rejoices In it for the evidence it afibrds that posited with a Washington banker mote thanitmayormaynotbetheexacttruth. WhatGov. "wehaveacountry,"andthatitsrightsand $100,000tohisprivateaccountsincehehas holdofthatclauseinrelationtotoeExecutiveDe-Constitution of the United States as to seize to by his descent upon the its honor will be maintained. been in office. It is utterly impossible partmest to enable them to eltet a teetional Pretident,PiCKXHs proposes gaindismantled fortress on Sullivan's Island does notcleariy appear, as the ordnance in it was rendered uselessbyMajorAndebson,andthegunsafFort Majorand put la office a man whose only r'HM>mmeadatioa,been vetoed by Gov. Moboab. But we cannot The BeAsos wht the Big Poan m'l Faosai.doctrine that he was —A Committee of Skaters waited upon Jack Frost to obliged ask Um why he bad not frotea ttie Big Pood at DmSumter command it in the most complete maoiier. The action of Maj. Asdibsok In evacuating Fort Moultrie continued to be the exciting topic in Waahingtiw, yesterday, and the excitement re- ceived fre^ impetus on the announcement that the South Caroliniana had taken possession. The first information of these matters was communi-specialstand histhefortsinCharlestonharbor, notofanyWe really do not see the ground on which that he should have accumulated anything ttui whole ofsubscribe to theto change his vote because the Governor had Park snffidenUy hard for AaHng. Jack said It wasposition—His favors opinion, destrucUve of every interest of the Soutti." was lus duty to be guided by them. corruptly. "ply tbe Skstera on the little ponds about the City, makcan be attached to like this amount of money, by any. means or whose chief recommendation tothem, any special importance was that he is an enemy of our Constitatlon—that kt Abdibsoii's movement, as one requiring consistent with his duty as an officer of the ditiret to tee Slavery aiolitked. The great objectionvetoed the bill,— unlessthereasonsnone of their business, but taa&j told them that ha assigned found many of the New-Torken bad aot fumlahaathatan ground cated to the President and Cabinet by the Com. ders in any particular. On the con- pay $500 to an intimate, confidential agent of Slaverythe vehemence with which it is urged against Mr. Littlxjohn's election to the Speakership, seems to indicate that it is used mainly as aUg pond k CoBOTiB Waleu,strictly on the defensive." We do not seeofhas been compelled toHardwarethat he has departedfrom these or- officer of thebetween Broome and Grand lUuelsmissloners from the Palmetto Stateunderstood, expressed great indignationof Maj. Anderson, in view of the alleged stipula- position to "protect the public property," a claim which had been audited and allowed. tion on the part of the Administration, that the and to defend himself to some purpose. In It is folly to attempt to screen Mr. Flotd him-;traryhe hasacted, strictlyefficiently,who, it isat the actandin obedience to them. He has put himself inone office has been usedthe fact that " emanci- pation would be deleterious to the blacks andof a contest. It is understood that A.M. to-day. Loss about $S,000very fullystronglysomethingSpeaker Littlejobn will;your have madefaith; to tear off your seal from the docu-andinsured la the Hbm- boldt and H<q>e Companies of New-York.Fire at Olllwaakee.Cmoxso, Friday, Dee. n.degradation to the whites."Mr. MiMHuoBB, who drew the address, ap-election, contrary to his original purpose, and partly, at least on account of the efforts thatment to which It Is affixed ;you are kound ta—thise with the South in its ctHnplainta against conduct of his Department. We believe it to iplrit our co-States have broken the Constltntioa and persions upon his character in which the Tri- taa 1st ofeonofanotionatakreackoffaitk. Thereforetheare the staunchest Democrats, who sympa- with these transactions, but for the general document shows fully that both In measure and in fice, for ten years;andwebelieveall the as-being utterly corrupt tion of fugitive slaves. That was our best security;—The Washingtonand were finallyextends the vacation" to Monday,department,House.Dr J Whltmore, of PorUand. Me., and R. Hunter, ready at UENlb '3 Bat and Far Ittore.Na. G13 Bro«Untitled Documentof capable beingworked to betterVMHrfJl A. STMVon col.;CHIinST ANDPonthwest correr 8th-»T. and Kth-st.They have so brought matters to passalio In spirit.In this countiy that every single end which that Con- honorable and an stitution professed to carry into effect has l>eeii madeAnd now, as a contummating act, they have so pervert-ed thethemselves wttb and he that tbe ordersorinstmctions.Ifweunder-Government,orwiththecharacterofanhon-thatweraiseisnottoAitustiiLotoolh^mself,but weresuchastoconvincehisjudgmentHe and Skates,ofthe*tChnornagAUiPaaxpro-prietors " employes Suss aright, he is in command af orable and an honest man. The power of his chiefly because he is the representative of a hostile had a perfect right to his own opinions, and it Earosniii had just as much as they could do to *u|kthathedidnotbelieveinworkingpeopletodeath. members Tbe Committee assured Jack that his fears were has been exacted as the condition of his com- faith on the part of South Carolina, is to be were compelled to change their votes and fol- groundless, that they had all got their Skates froa aa^ and tliat we were equal to any emesfaaey, opt* low the Governor's lead, is preposterous. And wliicb Jack promised them he would do ola only toMr. M. expects that a national breach of The that the of them in particular. The President in- have been sold to contractors, and black mail " positionKepublicanformed us in his Message that his orders wereto "protect the public property and act plianceof the world, on the of the United States have " elected a President who desires to see abolished." This is the only actual Does he lieiieve that England, France, the North, or even sensible paymentof men in South Carolina, will recognize this aswith the believe it to bejust requisitionsof law We justifiedthe at an early day, so get ready for (ua.susceptible Armyproofdeslafs, No. 474 Broadiray,. P. S.—We pnblUh ea Hmday, " Tbe Official Co- port of tbe Committee appointed to investigate tBocauses of the alarming prevaleaee of the Skaasg Fe- ver." Dontfailtogetanearlycopy.^.^.^—^—[AdnrtlaeasBt.]New TxAB'8 Calls.—FowLn k Wius, Piae-tical No. 306 Broadway, New-Tork, Phrenologists,the Secretary as a condition of getting Mr.point of his complaint.for cover othermotives.Floyd'ssignatureto a warrant for—It Will bean offence sufficiently grave to justify what"Mr. Rhktt was more emphatic, and some-"upon they demanded that he should be ordered powerless to protect the property of the Fed- signature could not be had. Upon advice the of a day. It is not anjtblng produced by Mr. Lui- attention of a very large class of oar commu- best calculated to Insure your s uccess and bappinesa.of serious consideration in the Caliinet up to ces, it seems to us he had the same right to ture waa affixed the next day. tive Slave law. it hat been a matter which has btenis not complied with, it is alleged that the gentle-men making it have expressed the determinationto close the door to further negotiation, and to re-turn immediately home. There appears to be some the President's organ can have for regretdoubt, however, as to whether Haj. Assibson did in the case, except as it is in the Interest We believe it can be proved that he did this consiunmallen of their liberties t Sir, the election of diency of deciding upon the amount and na- or did not act upon his own volition, notwitlistand- of the Secessionists. They regret it natural- all through the Utah war,—and that he did it LncoLS and Hahus, sectional candidates of the ture the thein Charleston harbor should not be aug-mented, nor the military character of the postschanged. The President thereupon assuredthe Commissioners tliat Maj. Andibeon had render or sacrifice his command, and inin the that theeyes peoplehe himself styles"a breach of faith fthirty years."too, pustulous meettag"ing and burstingW^TUssar, declartag Thursday and Friday also holi-that it has days. These resolutions were adopted after a sharp i^j^ABBOTBBB'a Iran iWaiia, Wh-st.. N-av. aa«on several points than :Thisway ~ sewyear,thantoootaloawritten ofyearof this great result, the great men who have passedwhen he declared a few years ago, for the secessionbe made depends upon it.suggesttotract services in advance of theirfor a consideration. We believe there are North, was the last straw on the back of the camel. of security required, beforeFlrst-clan Wines, Liquors and Cigars. Final aad unsold from our sate of SSd Inst. Also, an lavoioe ofarebroken before. The point upon wUch X differ from as well as after, and none of the parties con-/ and I doubted it on tkt Senate, when I was a member of that body.to that Constitutionality,itt the It was also a member of the House. Mr. WsBSTia if I am not mis- taken, Jfr. Keitt expretted the same opinion. If we look at tliat clause which requires that fugitive slaves shall be delivered, we will find that it was a guaranteedoubted declared itresponsibilitytke— :were merriment was causedThis is a new idea.ished the Conventiondoes not complain of violations of the Fugitive—her grievance is its passage. The North has nual sermon and collection on behalf of tke Church,Good* No. tit.'""-"SJ*Mason,ofSafe* and Hentog'sSrt oSrtS SSodTNo. »1 Broadway, c«B«Virginia.S?!i:PJm"aitSor5t5U ^Store aad Bokon this point.author of secession. He planted its seeds, and died disappointed because he did not seeNiBLO's GaBDEK.—The Zoitaves,ofTraveltogBMrtsaaJ heavy knit woclJ«<*Us, the^estit.tliat Mr. Calhoun's labors have nut beencomparison, "The factis,exists, politically,'-wif?:CoaMTHMi or Soam ruininnlor DvBKui seems to :be the oaly member «f the South Carolina Conrention who realiies the position in whldi the people of that State are left by their act of aecessiott, if it has thensaawonerJOiliJtewcaBtadtawta»by tha nandex- vsliditywhichtheyascribetoit Hemen- OoiUBJMatalsodsstooflugfhsde-ilalt aaand theU tke lawtStatet, wkick were in operation at tke time of tke teeet-—laws and courts, calling themutterlybaseless.eluded to vary greatof our eatlra aactiflce on the oeetsta—andfiist motion-day will be Friday next.for Speaker, further than to on fair grounds,it decided up-LiTTLXJOHN, in private life and in public of-maAaaaoTS,totw oCataa foUtHHaasa saoairteaCONTHACT FOB SlBEET ClIaRINO.seen by an advertisement in another column, that proposals for cleaaing the streets of thenity,City jobs.fix the bonds to be given by the successfulStatetheir functions.insteadThe Majoras the actual validity of the contract that may ladles are all his friends, aad that is tbe secret ofcerned can then suspect tialityo'clock, by H. U. Lsans A Co., auctioiieers, No. » Nassau-street.ftiwAxa H. Dzxoa. ILDl, BiUtM- at the Stalfd, aftsiMis azctmlTely to osMattve nugeiy, aad.!^ Bsore obaeare diseaaas of th* pohle visesand nowreached this point, there is hope tiiat it will discussion, ta which several members participated, Jfew-Tork,:thoroughly discharge itself and tliat the patient may be cured.;I. r. BUloek «r"Co., Co«e»of Fmltoa **«WUIisjn •«•- o«»r tor sal* at retail » laiE" i.'i' •«''?.'?*?cashmereI.Btowool. silk, merino and <is£*"J.'JiJ'°iSouth Carolina was never quiteinestablishment. They wlU play «WtaArrlvstaHnn. Thnrlnw Weed, Albanywho was on this personifiedat Rev. Mr. Mohtoohskt's comer Church,;TerneEKe are at the Metropohiaa Ilautwell.of Detroit, Mich.,g*entlemi-D's"u?.' Jewett,M. Sniedes,ofanifaigua. are at tbe St. Nicholas Hotel.ArraauauN isrwhich willfaculties, and restrain vour -passions, in the maaaerpro-It can be done before, jnst peremtrtory sale for cash of tfae balance of Invoioesyoungand the asylum of the Protestant Episcopal Chuich.d-erlptloB ot Mm, bom Work •» taUdtocparrMA aBiifk*tu*« at JAMIS L. JAOK-1DEVLIN. HUDSON A CO.. Nos. 890, tM and aM Broadway.hodwestcoilepxtelracniseflioes of fiShloD.Mes.yIes, will «ftyon ana;: Thomas M. Tryniski 309 South 4th Street Fulton New York 13069www.fultonhistory.comIJHHH^lg^ljZ Hk 