 NEW PUBLICATIONS.and b the *eoead,the wo- ofeOierpoets, thedewsiiptiTe Witt the engnviaiilU each book.bothaa thqr are Mth UUd ikk «- Vtrnn. Cnrmm & Oo. ham fnb]iA# «notLAMB. Bdlt«d brediUon of the works ofChaxlw Lamb, el»d fe tlie rorpMslng beauty of The poets andand,^ U^that moment,^ Ult ai^&e world'*prore tiieir ample apology.TH* WORKS OF CHAIU.ISeariched garmenta of pootry-a*,,kta^y inveatltueapedWb^KpMN*and deroIlM io the bea^ ttro «r Che Most eleppt ^bUlsy ,baaks itPmthe time thatmta snmptuoMis ever thaof the ' t gander *».'aeasgiL"Atfhave of tli|}L.m;a>itMng itivnafljAFFMioaa.Bn)«i*«y,the eenthiel book-dealer mi«ht guardatlet^irts occadonaUy wakenedan enterprUing pnbHshar inpalace, muat dlveat him of hUSrolaiDM, iMoed by"bflfem tit abea t Collbt Onan's por-vary chubbycheekedtask ofandperpetuating herpages which tie« of fhefaat,tbrSTeMfa^iroBdaB at whethertheBepublicwUAdMsturdyoldeoAad.a gathering from the pages of the PUUdelphia, "thrustssstiricsl. But while Baliao iMighsor felicity of thna l)oiiqd«d ovar the tide, while whole fleets,should behe would be for her care responsibleregard the accompanying map, the handiwork of one whose cognomen ia Abbowbmith, with some *us-. picion. The book is handsomely iUnstratedthe great calamity hung over them. One of themost pathetic scenes conceivable is an incident notunusual with them, on occasion, through life, ot wiiich we tave read,—the brother met by a friend accompanying the sister in silence across the felds to surrender her to the ctiarge of a Lunatic Asylum, hi anticipation of a coining attack of tlie malady which they both foresaw. This was thesecret of Cbaslis Lamb's life which was not known to one in a thousand of his readers, till Berjeant Tauocbd, in 1848, after the death of'wth brother and in liis sister,BOUDAT BOOKS.Cathedral bells strike only occasionally, but men, editors, doctors, merehsnts, and all tin other men that pei^le woiUa aad vil-Final Uemorials, livulged it to the world. The critic then was put" and BuBNS' Love," CoLBBiDOi's Genevieve,it before us. guiltyn possession of the to his keymora than thisto constitute requi-don of theof ills fame.a brilliant bookpiobleaiLamb sought relief in books, and the society ofbut site to make a readableA Feildb seemJ^rerythlnghisThe Recreations of a Country Parson of a series of Beon's inimitable romances, lies in itsfancy,his wit, his humor, his judgment. Hencs ing.titlesermon, will be excused, but disappointed. Theful ornamentationisbyno means atakingtitle for abook,andyetitcradle,before us, and in beauty of paper, clearness of cares for her m her senility, and pieaenta bar to vaoflate,thepreMeaof mostofthe Baaays,"madeinjnchtlesuggestiveavoiidapoia.andtraits, the'beat rf fliMr Und, are bat poor HUral hot haafa by aome eager admirer, that a few eoun- a&irs, a hackneyed coDaction of adjectlvea, besidefidelity. Manyof them areiMtdem Mtgtzineqiiritaaahojadjhf." ijowiagin with the genuine Eliaa." Xhere had bean no who once dnUghtml thousands, oaw live in his—good things in verae, the choice merrimeDtBngliahmirable manner in which he has illustrated his it with the heartineaa of a double fiigllah bat*. should hsve mentioned that this is the *econd eA-colla<^<« of the papera tiien made by the autiior, pngee, and aowhere. else. " Joyouaest of once—andtherestare «nil< discriminately,frooti&'gii'haiulAraaiieanau- vigorouspencilsofHAMILTON&Hows.The w&hwhichheiionofAbookwfaosafirstfbwidareadysale. It 'trie* aa a matter of conrM, an ionerican reprint seen bisnoid prophetic vision. A tub of butter, t>on to the WagHal) author something, aa it ware, conten^lated by JUm, amounts to a Platonic Idea. «f tke Toice of posterity. It was a new and nnprs- He undaiataads a leg of mutton ia its quiddity. judioed jadgaient, frae of all taint of critical infln- He stands, wondering, amU the commonplace ma- «aoe or bookaeUera' favora. Never, sorely, was terials of life, like primeval man, with tha sun and coafidteco more happily bestowed &an in thisFobtib;Sbakbbpiau'BTempest,illustratedby tionofWiLLtAMCui-LKBBBTABT'awell-known findyourcon^wnionwittyaiuiwi*ebutwofnlly Bfmueftht4i»*,|i#IWiii»brTam^A Bnutn FoSTBB, Oitstatb Dobb, Sladib and poem—A Forest Bymn. It coot^is SSiUnstra- wicked. Yon would acareely like to intaodnce him FiBLne, is aipaaf;ia;Afftiss^<a.wi«k whose fnt others, are among the better addidonal volumes tration* on wood from drawing* by Mr. Hows, to the acquaintance of your wife, or commend Ida was received wtth' geoersi ud well 'ifeeernSl f^ that we cannot describe at length. which are exceedingly taatafol and life-like. In to the cnmpanionahlp of your daughtera. Th* Tor. When we consider ths nnabar of hyninriachoicft«f"Eiia.'^ TimehasfbllysanctionedtheA whole generation of readers liasstars about hfan."It is needless to multiply examples of thisfrom the German, by lOsa Lahdkb, of Salem— Flower Pictures and New Fairy Stories—\>oQiOUSCBLIiANBOm.though it may be urged, after an, that of the tlM«-judgment. yssed away,in Lamb's vrritings, with wUch—so many readera' are familiar for it Is one ol theBooka arethe author and his friends haveTnnlshail from th* scene, but the book lives on. proofs of the excellency of his work that it is soYear with and Bmma,—are seasonable, had a rather MaggieIt is really worth iaquiring into the secret of itscherished by all classes It is not sur-.purposeavenue, you singularaiid what is once stamped there is not genius. A few years before his death Dr. Ai.ax- lesdity obliterated. They came out of the akbbx, bemg in London, visited the India House,wonder still more st the state ofwhich the volume to still. «m.ii^am rnsaWhat art of conatructioncrop,societylimitsfencya matarhd is there in this little shallop, which haa certahi glitter and animatian of the style, the usebe andsuchascanwithentireconfidence putin haabynomeanskilledit—by literary erous eulture, paying compound interest at every There have [been innumerableof Mr. Evanin a book written by one Obobob Mkbbdith, andshould also have taken this into consideration whenmentioned but with tendemeee ; tiieof hfan with le tereaee, the etndent taiaa oear Hawith a feeling akin to aJBtcOoa. WesdsA with Oe elsbmatothistobeall ofexternaltobeHarrington,built and have formidably equipped,We recommend providen holiday Theheartily the of existing nnfortanatelaboriooalybeen eagulphed and " sunk like lead in the mighty -vratenrconceitsis more to thethat the im-sojourn England, to andforgive be- in willing forgetin his nature became intensified—but its taste- is its smalleat merit The loverthe acore ofincompleteness,acquiresnewgods, knowing good and evil.w„e.„ar.eb rougM6cetobled on the tented field.5s also to be gifted with noshare ofcanthisdeadlevelof embookswithwhichordinary familiar life, these wearisomefor many ner. Thus, in hisvery probingelement of the auHiOT** authora into a book called Favorite Authors, with ifhZtis".th;ait;t;reiantgsroyf~.trhe^t-in' '^'vA^ut^ho"ri^-;and unagination for howtypes and the printing prrss understood—her celebritiee several very good reasons, areladiea not atThe romanticabout ua, be made to yield light unless they be first raUedof thishave had nothing to litUe volume has beennor shall wethe book ssa-seipentties are cited, and precedents are quoted,not only that such an animal exist but alsowtoy|caughtbyaway. A writer who can thus hold young and ClASLXS Laxb, to be sure, was w>metking bs- •Id, control the fashitsi of his own day snd be po- «ide an eesayist ; he waa a poet, a subtle critic, tent with posterity, muat be of the right stamp. and an admirabte letter-writer ; but hi. perfoim- Men of wit reliah his writings, women appreciate aneea in tlissa walks, meritorious as they were, his sentiment, be Is dear to clergymen. In tke re- 'wool^ hardly have given him a very wide reputa- cently publishsd correspondence of a grave divint, tionwithoutthefillipofthesespicypapersof thelateDr.JambbW.Albxabbix,oftheFifth- ^ SUa." They hit somewhere the popular heart, will find a trlbnte to hisconflict " be- purity ofits moral atmosphere. new American Cyelnpeiii, from MactoMoz. T* choose amiss. tween two publishing houses "eminsat in the It ia pwbable that few in the land who read even nm through the list of ita alliterative caa- Messrs. Dxbbt ic Jackson offer some choice land," tha HABPSsa of this ilk, and Tiokhob A novels at all, are not perfectly familiar with tent* would cramp thia vidume sadly, and die |>ri*fHoliday gifts, and foremost among them is the FiiLM, of Boston. Th* latter gentlsmen have CoopxB and his woric*. Of all ronancista, Saon I III! aaiiiiil llisl II I Milaliis aiaiij iilh lie <f la Loves and Heroines of the Poets, edited by B. H. printed volume fint of Tom Brown at Oxford, and scarcely excepted, he ha* dived deepeet into t!te tereat and none but what are of use, must *nflU*L Btodbabd, and pubUshed in an elegant quarto. tha Pre** of the former ring* back an echohig edi- depths of the popular heart, aad twined himself Christian Song*, Tixoulation*,and otkmr Hr.Stoddabdisamanofletten,apoetanda tionofthesamework.TheBostonhousehaathe moatfirmlyarotmdthaaffection*ofhi*readera. Poems,bytheBar.JajobGiubobbbLtobb,paaX-into some species of professional life, where dehcate or sentimental came before him, in the ex-the moderation p( his desires and the solace of bis clamation, "That's Lamby!" Youngsters wentanother book, Mr. Mbbbdrb. Hr. BiNOOOLD to scatter hia lead among his fellow called unknown. Tnvelen have pushed Aab- alwaya followed thair readings when a later one Lake House, translated from the German of creatures from the muzzle of his gun, than from way into mountains and valleys where evsiyaaeliterary tastes wi(l compensate for the privationa about in the same way a tew year* mf fortune. T)Ua was the prospect befors h^ since prating about Cabltlb. HappUy the when, suddenly the little household in which he reputation ot both authora has aurvivsd this maud- lived, consisting of his aged parents snd an on- lin embrace, wUch might have amothered a less married aister, is visited by a terrible calamity. vigorous feme, and we may now ait down to thairthe innocent-looking barrel of a pen. would not care to tread, and indnatrions IBtHmAffectation in any form ia deteatable ; oom- type* have multiplied the tale of their tnveU for ing in typographical shape it is doubly>ao. What the benefit (rf'the world at large. Very intereatiac in the name of everything readable, could prompt Informatiott in regard to a tract of country caaa-—The sister, in a fit of insanity s malady which perusal, taking them for what they are, and judg-be found in Mr. At-of theing at these detestable giraffes of lettera, we and Lower Amoor, printed by the Habpbb Bboih-—hung about the iamily suddenly plunged a knife ing tham by their essentials. The time hss al-Tickbob a Fields to print Faithful Forever with paratively unexplored, mayinto her mother's heart. Ttiis was the woe, the ready come when both may be estimated apartEBS from an English edition. The book is written in pleasant narrative style, not too thickly stud- ded with trav*ler's technicalities, nor does it coa-"fee grief" which Charlxs Laxb had to digestthrough a long life. It was a cup of bitterness offrom any accidental associations or tricks of ex-his book with the three Italian greatthor's aid. In the translation Mr. Greene has done fail justice to Miss Lkwald.that the bookthe reader into all sorts of blunders. One is sure;They are in moderate compass,wellpackedfor theSecond, is largely representedWe could notsparelent books.ByDoctor Antonio he secured athe use ofmodehi-shapedletters. For- Faithful— writings thesolu-land Mary, are ideal portaits.Sacchtuissa,greater crimes than Tioknob A publishing poems like these.frrieoda, from this overpowering sensation. eleganceularlyof Moral Embleme. Those who expect a on ivory paper and elegantly bound,ss he take* up Italy nurses it to a healthy age, taodariypowers through misery.The result ofOotavia Wal- containing much that is good, more that is com- knowledge. Who has not, after its perusal of aIfi«=«r"'"""^«'^5'"^!!cU ainam «f Ifaatr a^iMaaca, wMt Uatha beet ever iasoad firMnthe euiteln around hi* bed after reading oae of Tmaoe- ''•ad; and the ledwsedpiiee at which It «Mhto« lo " Is book*, with a firm wa- tiieinciaiva peat Hew atthestrokaofUaoldLoatatBag|H*itaaquotafrom MImFlAalilt . on amncuMms paper and hpund in I.7*8 envietiqMiMtaU pobUaiiet* to fiuidih a nally vataaUebMk.Poverty,"trial Timet ef tht Jtsaa- meuMln of Elkabak Waiw^,leadhif. WlMBi toov Wets the sentedold aetora''ao pre-graiaialextendingBoth ait gritty, cyni-quickening powerhandsomely printedgenerallyaaplentifal after a Presi-ice-dropsgioussanUmsntaaide, rtsMrrepraaarratioB.Thagenerallyretarding influence on thebat youcausedWtobewritten. And closethevolume wouldbemuchataI***vvbichefprisingthatyoimgreadersof quaint words, cmudng parenthases, and strlkhigKoie than little journals of the observations aa4feelings of a himble London Clerk who, after along Muae at dmdgery at the desk of the East In-diaHoaae,retiredonamoderatepension,tolounge muchinterest"—£<£.Review; "Aworkinwhich ularwomen—thelovesandheroinesofthepoets,— about IiOMlon at hia leiaare for a few years, beforeintoaquietgrave. Hehadseensomeodd pent^oages abeut the old Inns of Court, vis- from beginning to and." Monthly«]rop^iiBoay say—wu "Hoaert Izaak," "Dearited Oxford in vacation, travelled aa &r as Margate haa become a jesteaaygentleman;regardia which he was then held has been Imisiiillladblank pagea of which the humorist had written "sent specunenaof English love-poetry, especiallythis instance commend* it*elf aa jadlcions.thought that the wo«a our common country are numerous enough just now without any addition being made to them by several of ourme> hare lired, andwritten, but never wa* man nor author better loradauck critical travaaties aa these the interest nerer flsgs." (tuar.:that which is, or seemstobe,addressed togentle Charles," impressionable school of admirers would noncha-in a small certain histories compass,the of Fountain wUch conetitate Co. do the public a service by their neat Bbmy gushing* Rock,thoughtfiil, sensitive youtli, educated at the oldfoundationof Christ'sCollege, vrith CoLUisaa,starts in life with apparently a plain career a stout professional gentleman of a literary char- which are not accessible to the general reader.before him of modest worth and useful- acter, who would bring his hand down on his tUgh The notes onof the "•OU), army. Pastimea,"We arelantlymoral tied to ita tail, we will state th*^ aaakifyoudidn't"love"him. Wereoiembsr—factory in a hundred different volumes many of aindeed!Pztbabch, Tasbo, Swift,ness. He will probably make his way with an emphasis of admiration when anything Btbok, are particularly admirable. In makteg hiakeio finally accomplishea his taak—and become* a stones" :maybe fun forbut it's death towill be an obsolete phraae.There are but fewpression inherent to themfor whatthsy reallyDanti, Fktbabch and Tasso, liecause heconsiders their verse the model on which ourearly Baglish poets fashioned theirs. The writes remarkably g^od English foi« a foreigner, sights and fights. Surely the book itself, wherein tnin a superabundance of marvelous and incredbleAmong things ably given, especiallysult is a capital book. The author mentions histhe best."magazines,itypeople take poetry to their heart yon may be sure ithasmerit. Werememlieronelittlegeminpar-;bot's history to againis mosttimely.purpoaaA book of — Revieu "WsManymanymen havs; ofthisvolumethattkeinterestihsreasesand toas aagive, concisely possible,of puiae-strings.The Afplbtohs offer Tery nearly a hundreddifferent books, published expressly for this holi- day time. Foremost among them in the generalHigh-of much Fields commit inmance minglesof its appearance, as well as in its real merit as a book, is one with the rather unpromis-dies, they—tor opensalways fancylisps.They betrayRewiew. Theto his;BrbOai;*fppUcatioaof editorship, may be inferred froni the analyticalfew flourishes of the fethsr's needle being aloaa away with any neceasity for inflicting fresh oneshistorywritten about the man. What is there more? turn—for they have a rare suggestive quslity, pro- of amatory poetry, but wa do not knowHotUnK tm we come to that inner world of voking thoBght and bloaaoraing into new vuieties of one so comprehensive and accurate as Mr. published bytigftxrudomeMe-llie,andwithinthat,ofthelaboringbr^n i>thefreeha^Land heart which intenaifiad every emotion of Us At one time we had some fiars tlist th»iapnta-cxisteaca. There lies the secret of our interest in tion of Lamb would degenerate into an afisctation,thequipsandcranksofthesepapersof"Ella."Most his striking sayings were lisped so volubly incompQationshe proposed to fling a tribute upon his grave, than-<te Vm-'tlan tfam, gghnebdo, IBttmAtx ».edited by hU ecu, and thewUeh ; Slas. of the the works of CooPiB, Qiustrated by engraving* on moat natural order. Baixao ia what Thaocbxat The tiansitiBn is lavid and ths contrast gnat TheUtothe imaginationwtthont oflbnce. Thaiais no ofillustntion—ha* been republished here. ^novelsaboundfai pietuieaqua andatrikfairsesaes FienAy,die olhar is offlw BngUah Intansaly siaflamfBss iWi juther Umb*woiUnginintag.BeggarMapubliahed by0|>en book, and at once find ouraeHeai"**Fbriig*Jones 4 RoiStfm, one of the irresistibla picture gant .PagesJ^innStod WMnr ehofce book^ remind. ». of hero in good eameat to laga and tha wallet The Xesars: Applbtob at half theIndeed, the latter parentage seenu to be rather amade the world his debtor by stealing time from the magaxinea. There waa dangar of something themselves, a worthy contribution to biographical father ever interposed itself^ a iar sinistering to turn toquataitoldauthor like Waiao*jeadera know that story. Serjeant Tauovso society, and his praises were sung so familiarly in notes which preface many of the selections are, in mined to be a gentleman, but the needle of hisWordbwomh in the sentiment about him.sickly Pulinguponhis escutcheon, a bar terrible to his advancement. Messrs. Townsbbd A Co. aie responsible for exposure to gariah Ught Keean. Cbqbbt, Lo •his eminent legal career to tell it.has recorded it in most truthful pathetic verses. It nettaers talked of "thelai^aon- and is briefly tliis: Ghablis Lamb, a studious, would dandle tke creature like a kitten. A veryliterature, not only on accoant of the aimple ele-gance with which they are written, but because His endeavors tto surmount this terfible obstacleare most amusingly told, and, for the benefit of those who invariably rata a b Mk bad unleaa it hasgoodof py little curiosity.calpoets,ite Fair that Bavin pA^letidk tbDi«^i]|r-MAe- Went'cryiaf of Onei» andPiefiires—tbanflkome tiie^tieete—Who>lteUmwuiMmfgobd'fTout the Mestrt: Brown; American, aal at thepoier aad print with whfch,SSbrid««r»nd the enteipriae of Boston publlaher. tune, never stop till dtey have brought down tkalr stories of Biohabd Dotlb, is republished by quarto vonn'e made up of descriptive scenes from £MioU Balsao he iSUowa Thaokxrat in flonrisiied in the days when G«o»»b waasharplyselling price deaaatAtrmatralMte liight ha falls EUglish edition. This is, we believe, the first hi-^hen onr.•ye fa* lighted upon thecoUected ^'J^ »/f^ from. ThacelanpmedhmwbiehcaBbapteaeBtad atance hi which a book of this class—made up en- and best known artists of the country. Ooopbb's man; as it is,whlle the one is of the French miettess hi aU OielMas of a powdaied wig ttrf' the tan^ now aow. tweiitftothewrilstthB comer ol (amibei»»tw>rtdepth-fiTerem »go.of thaboth steel and wood aome ofby cfhrraost giftedwould be hadThaOKBBAT been bom a French- pruoebeau of ElxabaB'sUme strutted betaaand which then afcrded . quii* rece" wl»»tirely bieaUng tlia &H. lear, throws from Us It is donenments whidi ndthM* made Bor mettjimiti^itjtHammlkkM the raMtdvgarments, till he answer ''mare nature;' and Orssseid, "T"??" &llenirao a Prince's love, must extend her pale am»r-1iala with othw whiteneaa than of beauty,process.A new edition of Tbbktsoh's May Queen There is no other American writer who can bright but treochsnt blade, and deal* manfulWith«# waftSedhi. treaaurei f^TMia iUnstrated in theHon. Mrs. Botlb. The expressionmanner, bybe compared with him in the abundance snd blows for the BiaarBauaxi.;flooriAM la itw^^orifron the other hand, and the anallest display of Uaan possible, one-halffrom theThere we bought our firat copyPre-Baphaellteexcellence of theseBngUsh for this volume have been made hi*of his visibls the ol anatomy jEsaea^Uiw aiga-boaidby «»» eager purch««rColumbia CoUege.of Chakuh Lam. It wa« a brace of eigfatem mo.passage*. Theaagels whose talent and taste have been devoted to thehimselt butwbeflw be rtaba a baneled barber's poU. JU^. toraing orag Oaaane^orin,of Theselection* care* not where hepUnUsuppUeatfaig lancahna widt b^and Thia,«airilyteftaatt of litaiatan, the tdence ofb very feithfnUy given.a villBgvkn, tk* fedaifea. lagiiiatnlijli lliufcliclap-dish."country lifenow bymeans of anewly-discovered—described by the pen of a maater and admirably ^glidt Thaokbiat takea hia stand firmly onuiafied to the purposes of pktiMial representation. wUch he knows is uashakabla,poisee his groundmarred their sfm-things of rude bnagi- This book is a hap-everywhere,virtue oreutag at a vice.are thenation,—lessethatisl than coamion,andnotalit- fether'afame. Theengraving* areremarkableforbalHls to bewho has permanently connested hi* own name of aFrenehman'a sympathy, TsAOxnAT gtaaps Ikeir deseendaais.' ProponnAig thn Unnrtlaa' ta totfeit impreMJon.,outrfdeimltatfc)ft^ were aliped these aketchea. Elusiob and Muhdw, PoePs Wit and Humor, is a collection of with that of tha great American novelist by the ad- It with the mnscla of an mind and aimkee Umaelf he ia ^«% «^^ reapond -m*.' Woof themerry muse. Tha-poems sn selected almost in- writings ; mainly byvthe nl, But the Frenchman'* wit i* wondofal, snd tha-m^and^BratkerJonathanwaaHiua,aaihoneortwo embodiedother remarkable In^toaOik. SiNiaiK bt detecting former ; and the latter he has made immortal in atheiparUingmerit,andusheringamodestmaga- eulogfoiBwfakhnuqrbeappliedtohisoWaieahu.kina eontiibator to an nj^peiTsnt at the literary " Bo the gusto of Mtodbb antiqaatee and anooUealianqaat^Ulk.'lhoae day*, tnate ikan atpbeaeat, what h touches. His pots and his ladlas ate as with eleven etchinga on ateel, all drawn by Bibkbt from the same press is a beautiful illnstrated edi- dovrntobavea chatwUhHaraiBTOFHlLBB. Tou tion, Bi«w» J. Loaanra. 'whanIwokaappearsimnltaneoaalyinl>otkcoun grandandpibnSlastheseeUdng-patssndhooksai«rita^"thora, and are aU illustisted.pidityha.aomewbeTeaddresseethepvcelve* aal coanreys Is .woni:iAmong the JuTeniles are the famons Night- paper, printing and general execution Ola elegant Cap books, and two ptessant little books translated book haa had few mperior*.Petty Jismayancet of Married Life iaOie second gists thst hara hjiiiiiai. tha^Ufeul^ «f sHy of the series, we believe, of Balzac's works, bow sriection Uke ths one before as beccmea itiJitW^tended. around ua.in sunny France next Bummer, and lengtiien yourtiie BivenUe Press, is vouchar enough tor its ty^a-execution.; itpressionisdeepenedwhenthenoveltyis worn literaturetoseeforthemselvesthemanyothers tweentheNorthandSouthseemstofiadacoun- thefogs,ofthelattercountryforthecomparative Thehmxtmt*puUUiOeXlthvoluraeef&riroffered. Choose as they may, they can scarcely in an "terpart equally irrepressiblecritic, and the subject is one peculiarly adapted to advantage in paper the New-York; giveshalf TowNBBBn A Co. an a work for litera- ed doing goodSmith, Ebsluh A of aw Co., PhUadel^i^" toobject in this volume," says the editor, is pre- erality of cases are to be condemned, bat one in One would haraall that isgracioualy Mr. SionDABD has performiad the dutiesin itsand into Hertfordshire, he had freqaented the Lon- own works. Ths {sader who incorporatas tham and appreciative arittclsm vrith which Us labon to effect the him after death. Mr. Gxo. W. ChapmabreaUtydon theattea in his day, and was fond of old books In his mind will find in tham the seeds of • gen- have been hailed the bestlection of celebrated poems, but, by its chronologi-a clear and succinct of historythis. If his have circulation in the poem* anysomaand browse. The simplicity of his style, and ttecal lova-poetryarrangement, forthehindrancethanotherwise. Mr.Evanbrief the hero of Hr. Mbbbditb'b story, waa deter-other worid, and the one which he tells u* ia" after Bxbabsxb" chancea to meet that enunentlyrist's eye, it is certain that Bebabobb will, be feeling of relief to the mind that a sabdued colaa " after him" with a vengeanca does to ths eye afierithas been wearied bypaatnnaflectedaess of his »entiment, afford ths samathey give us,that, UBtU now, have lain disjointed and unsatis-"metrical "ofGxoBOiHatthe pastimea Biaa-editionofWaltob'bline*. ItisrendereddoaUy interesting by the appreciative sketch of the imthsr and his writinga, wUch is prefixed.A few years hence and terra incognUnsix centuries. TheHarrington,which he daily drank to the end. He was about are and have to guide our judgment, improve ourtwenty when it happened. It made of the hearts, and solace the still recurring cares andyouth a hero. He took his sister from the anxieties of life. For these purposes the writingsCourt and &e Ltmatic Asylum, under tKmds that of Lamb retain their virgin bloom and vitality.though space they occupyof his sister. For her he worked and tolled and on your linger* worthy to rank with them, and the editor to crowd the poets of to-day into com- nia, which is given to them under the auspices of Severely criticised by one of the London journals, throughout.poeticageElizabkth, American readera willhe laid asideail thoughts of love and affection in married life to journey to posterity. It would be well if the world from this collection any of those golden songs, very fair parish of readera, and he Is not destined ever, the last effort of Mr. Cotbntbt Fatmobb. devote himself to this one duty—the guardianship had more like them. You may count the books the has evidently forced to offend or lose them by the publication of Lavi- has been well praised, and equally well abused.drew forth the most precious treasures of his resemblance a selections BuDD 4 CXblton. The scene of the story opens then you will find the only general paratively narrow quarters. The in illjnind, and he was rewarded by her gentle sympa- one, in spirit rather than in letter. At this mo- cases, are made with great tact and discrimina- in Italy, shifting to England, and thence crossingthies. Bhe siiared liis love ol literature, the so- ment we can think only of the Sketch Book of tion. The reader will thank him for quoting the channel into Franca. It would be scarcely on it.ciety of tiie few but sterling friends wlio came to WABHisaiOH lEvnio, the Twice Told Taiei olvisit ban ; she learned to write the pure English Natbaxikl Hawthobmb, and the Suays offrom Barry Cornwall, who waa beyond fair to call Laiinia a love story, and yet a tender series of metrical letters, bound together by a West sends us a portly valume,devoted to her praise, " and containing histories of the great men she has—which he wrote but all the while the shadow of Olivbb GotPBMlIH.the beat of song-writers. Among thread of love and languishment" runs through slight thread of narrative, the whole constitutingproduced The list comprises jurists, clergy-Laura, Leonoraand Geraldine, area waif the wave* ofa byVabdtkb,andMarthaBlount,from Perhapspaintingone by Sir Godfbbt Knillib. Of the other la-isthat nothing further iapartic-It waa the remark of an eminent profeaaor "authorities. necessary experiencestrensformajtlon. Tet,iftfae uponname of Waioob i*down to Siia day. Tbo w^varupon,itisnotsoveryeaayathingtobeagentle- SToenABD's, which is not simply a col- man after all, even with a tailor tor one's father.kindly. Bome day Mr. Ch^jTmab will have a lucid;the hands of the little ones for whom they are in- right of us, boolu to the left of us, and books all with a frilly formed reeolntion to ahorten your stay lyric* to expunge. .Ttf say fllil Ihti boekwme* fromQod madeknown concerning them." How thoroughly and remark had truth for a basis, it would aeem very A CabltoW should have remembered that Eabb terms it:for a tailor's son to become syouaa suffered sufficientpoetry, yethardshipsduringin hi*generationthan wa* IzaakWaltob. RIaantagonismgnphicslathe cast of bis mind and his scholarly pursuits. chapter more, and s*Ils the book at a lower price. ture in the publication of a aerie* o{, Coopaa'a much above the aveisse of lallgiou. poetry gsa-He brings also to the work many years The benefits resulting to the world at large from Bovela, illustrated by Dablbt, in a typographical erally. It i* a common feidt with thoae who at- life and experience of a genuine man, and to see the desk and ledgeia of the humbla ac- of carefiil reading, a cathdlc taste, and that this competition are not very plaiidy apparent, foimbefittfaig their merit. The Oak Openings, tnna their harp* to Christian strains to ccnfonaiiuace have come to be incorporated with the living countant who wrote the Bttta/M of Elit. He literatureoftkeworld. Whatarethey? Nothing foundtheverywindowwherehesatandinspect-certain love for hb taak without which the stnca it is by no meana certain that the publiaher's lately added to the serie*, i* uniform in papar and piety vrith stupidity, imagining that the duller ligtt'ed an old volume of " Interest Tables," on themostbigeniouslaborisspiritlessandcold. "My lossisthepublic'sgain. Cempromise*inthegen- bfaidingwithitapredeceaaon.versesthebetterUiesentiment An of in this particular is commendable.ImpnrriaMatare flirt*, and that all mft 1* a matter ofaKMEradwlUWe haye " an echo of>iiiefth ia concuiuHknliuttili^It Udlately after the pntPatHa of loae rtnota l^on-Orough We the amongthecocked-haUandknee^ireeche*the publication of baded^#agia«thAtitwaa%nme- lutton, the befaigdenizes by daughter, around with his flexible la^M^cutting lightlyand littleof the sartorial art, to a clientman,Sb,butImadeyonagentleman." Ifthis eminentpublishenseemtothinkotherwise.BuDD acquaintance*neverspokeofUmbutinendeariaBas set forthHabpbb ft Baos., are to be relied which the Arctic sncw* fell not upon him mora un-anglerWfmkmtemptedBcbns and capital moral can be drawn from the sequel, as the fable did the chap who waa pelting them withItselections, Mr. Btoddabo has consulted early edi- gentleman through liis own merit alone. Give ua us." It would reiilly be iifuch mor^ merciful in comen of the earth even now that canfeiilybsit wasseamed preferable. The dates at wiiich the differ- Fannt Lxwald by Naihanibl Obxbbb, and pub. ent poema were written are given, or, when tliat lished by Ticknob A FlKLDB, is a pleaaant story, is not possible, the dates of the volumes in which not prolonged to a tedious length, and readablewere firat Here the reader can throughout. There is not the firat flash of blue- they published.trace the of love-poetry from the time of fire about the book ; its plot is simple and un- cow^eDantb, through the melodious day* of Queen pretending, deveiopkig itself naturally and sensibly Elizabith, down to the present period. The edi- throughout the pages.and seemingly without the au-tions whenpracticabls, althoughhe has notSignor G. Kuffini is a gentleman who to make fun of sun, 'and become bewildered withof and be has availed himself of this familiarity these loiig.necked s's are introduced, is common- episodes. From peculiar associations with tboliterature of theand the times of CkABLIS the First and with our language by giving us several very excel- place enough to have justified the publishers in nsme, however,largely disputethe American poets represented, are Lowbll, it all, and bindsLOHOFBLLOW, WhITTIBB, Poi, TATLOB, WiLLIS, ments of life and action, however, are so judicious-Bakkb and Read. We regret that the editor gives ly mingled by the skillful Signor that the tenderthat may be fitly and agree- us no specimens of his own aerial music. He con- does not become mawkishly apparent, and the re- and it is pleasant to hear them. The poetries of lagea.in Holidaytimes, books are A book may express, as the giver de- sires, the most delicate shade of sentiment, ths highest esteem, the kindliest wish, or the warmest and in point of expense there is scarcely atributesnotiiingwUl be to think that the book titled apthope,limit in either directionlen are all awake to the fact that the Christmastime, the great opener of hearts, is abo a loosener authentic sources. Shakispeabx'b mysteriousupon Italy, the publication byin verse, except a happy transla- tion of one of Tasso's sonnets, to which we findhis initials modestly attached. butSix of the twelve female l^adsthe volume are engraved from drawings byof St. Mary,As the interest of the world bow centresBab- and, of course, booksel- KT. Beatrice is by far the finest face in tha group. byChapelRectory of Moreland,ManbBbos.ofAb-which illustratepeople.Ib publishing TheofTheatroke. At the inner shrine of the temple his Habt Cowdbh Clabex, and they are vrithout (author of Bevlah,) and Miss L. Viboibia Pbbicoh. their magazine, now give them to the public in his ears, while all around was still. For ance of the people, and if the author of this book^iparent levity. would not beHappily, natnie had bestowed upon him a sense Parables from Nature—theroyal quarto, those daughters of the sunny land and satirist he stands almost without a peer. He who have accompliahed certain successes, even if has done that with his pen for the social body that be not the highest, in a most difficult pursuit surgeons are wont to do with their scalpels for thewhether even vrithin another century we shall teathetics in aU things. Mr. There aremay be wit and sarcasm, but there will be no ge>-tuaa humor. To be such a humorist aa Lambthat saw its of one among mod-yetsame work could have been done in no other man-their hands by producing a veryened by somehe ever saw anything or•' thedevoted one of his essays, hanging theever up in memory, like aSSUBILLO ? What a race of InnerTemple"wouldhavepassedto this neighboring churchyard, but for hisTf miniaceoces, probing their characters and paint-finds him it is a matterpraisechtamey-sweepers," towhom he—well done, that even though it is a stuffed world,withto themselves savethe engravingofmentdaUon, that we have no adjective left for our own princeof the monater, ao that if seen hereafter Haw- it may be readily recognized. Not only in onewas, fancybirth shall haveThe Promises Jesus istheof the characters andknown to the reign^ of the Georges he seams disagreeable merciless, and yet we eye the glittering sUelthe reader wondera that such a mas* of matter can be so cleariy and yet so ptctureaqaatrcommonplace* —as generally anything of de- do. Bach pageperfectlyi^!Lrr^ii^''r.,L'l,!fi:^°firl': brief ulec lions from the writings of each. Thus they are enabled to present the public with a seriesthis work is profiisely illustrated, are as near per-troduced by a biogrophical notice fromthepention of his recreations.this labor ofThere is a magic power about the book, >neweditionsoffearhiUy inspired power is tamed printed on fine paper, illustrated, and put up in the:Ticommonplaces around them. It is as well, if;TwoentirelyShakespeare,elaborately drawnbrought it forward m bordera are colored in the richestjust. no favor with our author.onvivifying power? Who but text, and the ornamental head andand enlight-stone, and the letter ofthe these later Corinnes, she sometteies aUows her imbecilityTowhether of portraits, engraved in the highest style of art,easyto find.meet its like. The engraving of Bib Walter, Philip Hbnbt Gossb thinks so, and proves theance than many books nearbe remembered long after the seasonvexation of spirit and wiU nor many, especiallyin producing ofthefinecollectionwhichhas tive.passed away.cope^and style of illumina- Some of the initial letters are little wondera subject for- of ingenious construction and expression in thisof perfect indifferenceand so exhausts the vocabulary of commen- he drives the point of his pen into the ribs or a snd worthy placeofOld Benchers of theuse. We would rather speak ofthatpartpeasant, feelingthorne, Scott, and a score moreofsea serpent doea he believe, but inthe existencepicture "privateof her work which hastion.sportivelittlecomes over one sometimes printing. In the volume before us we havebeggars byaway nameless TheTbnntson,tail-piecesof art This book is printed ononly one aideamiable heart to run away with her sober judg-of inaminiature national gallery,it, isscarcely so in way,to women therefore we pro- ;gard for the feeling* of theand us that ourniustrationswhich prefaces the present volume, is from the Naturala book both mteresttagGorillas snd whales, bullfinches and beais,engravingsofthefollovringladiesTOM Lb Vebi, Abba Coba Mowait Bitohik, monplace.of The c"l.alTia' JlaOBWinter night, seen knights tilting between the The Four bars of the glowing grate, traced out tournaments bore up bravely, but not defiantly, beneath the of the editions is the corrected one of AloM,) BOaA V. JOHHSOB, ACOUSTA J. BTABS, Getrges of Tbacexbat through the medium of in the sky, and heard the ring of armor echomg into a m the long category,with Lamb, theofwhoLoTOLA, however, isnotsaeridentplaceProminent historicsl chsiactereand anbdued to noble ends a sense of byduty. He handsomest bindings, are also offered. The text scrupulouslyHabpers,gayebaait^ was bowed—but not in publicurorld was amuaed and kept at a distance by his two. A better or more truly valuable gift book it FOBBBST for bringing together, in this handscsne is certainly indifferent to censure. As a humorist;there the notes.One edition ia in one volume, the ether inhad butpeer in the i)Ook-wor!d,1 and it is questionable would have done a good work.of humor, a fecnlty of which the richest natures d^f/a by HoLMAK Hunt, Millais, Spbokibb they and human. He has laid excellentSir Thos. feet in The Romance offor who but a good, wise Thomas and WiRara-muchportrait bythese engravings, Messrs. Ticknor A Fields haveonly are susceptibleman is entitled, m this mixed world, to laugh atthe motley spectacle? Without goodness there reaUty. It is quite an oddity in its;less rich in appear-'convictionthat if theEnglishnothingand a in most of thehebdomadal immortal-copiesand the incidentsis from are such as may and dp happen in everyday life.newspa- in tlie volumeare children of the fancy, and not partic-remarkable. The book is carefully printed volume before ua.one,byhis pasrion for the wildest scenes of the old Eng- work is filled mostly with the quaint thought and who presents the volume to his mistress, pays a is the title of one which Ticenob A FiEUis re- type, and all the other requisites of bookdress, it in ConmienchigwithBoMULWBlish drama— passagesher rejuvenescence.print from an English edition. At firat thought does eminent credit to the artists of Riverside. he runs through ths gsmut of Italian heroe* tothoae of Mabston, and Hid SLROa, and Mablowx, and WasariB, whichdirect expression of a most enjoyable old Dutch compliment toher intellectcrack the heartstrings ;and hence, on the other—whose home tone and household feeling go Tke Women of the South Distinguished in one would conclude that if there were no other In giving Ivanhoe precedence in their series, the a bettor poet Gabibaldi.forpeculiarly near to the heart at a season when all its Literature, edited by Mabt Fobbbsi, is another synonym monotony, a country clergyman's publishers seem to have marked their sense of its sohistory mightnot have beenhand, the holy,life wouldmechanical execution of tliis book is of the first- selections from the writings of some thirty-five or monly supposed to be manifold, while his recre- of Scon's wonderful brain, Ivanhoe standsgood TicKNOBsupepiaturaltenderer ties are strengthened and renewed. The book from the same house. It presents us with4 FiiLDBedition of Hxbbt G. HxwLBrr'san illnstratedinvestedthedullstagnationofQuakerdom hanca ;lus whole soul put into a jest ; lisnce the waimApubUska wider meaning to th*of his affection for his " foUoa." is midnight It;proverbsand ex-fortyThe author giveewonj Hero" than is commonlycalm with which haa book.Literature, as a profession, is full of vsnity " bare its diseased points, and veryand its rewaida are neither sure cut away at ita proud flesh" with an utter ^re-and on all otherWe shall not quarrel with the fair chirurgeonadvantage uponpose to treat them tenderly on thisoccasions.editor of this volume for introducing amongupononly done his duty, and thatare tumbled before us, aa It were, in a kalddoa-who, presentsayreading pubUc ;hings to her, because, in estimatbigwe don'tof her materials is artistic. The volume not scattered about aa it is when portrait Illustrations on steel. In the first, the va- as a whole is much better tiian the majority of gins to thresh aroand in it with his restlessstyle of thebeen andpraiseitwarmly. Herselectionsfromof a race. that these ophio-page, andis interleaved withnames andand the ar- tent to have the sawdust of society let alone, and the Old and New World. The selection fsyor-and the Poet'sare two handsome voltmies of verse, with idealByron GalleryGallery rious authors evince rare good taste,asbut this may be attributable tosions on land. Natural History,thin sheets.the va-want to be told of itfaces eminentof "excur-rangementjug their quaint ways, the little bubbles on the pla- rious' women drawn or mentioned in the pofms of comcx'ndiums of Jiterature, and as a sample of Oce is very spt lo put ovt the liijht, sai draw thehave beenexcellently— would be better con- that wein the literature of bothSurely it is a blessuig morphons terrora are not given to making;to com- pel a tribute of praise by their beautiful editions of standard novels. Ivatihoe, the initial volumethe conviction ia foreedtakenaccumulatedexpensive gift4>ook in a very economical manner. Thisy have compiled the engravings wherewiththe merits of with a conviction that he is butBoyalto show thatitactuallydoes. Mr.OosaBevengivesnsaaUntitled Documentor a home. Yet thehis care is to drive onlyveryexpenseha*the Other ele- story together.a book dreadfully proper and dreadfully duU.had invented shaking hands" they would still be a greatmanyEdwards^ Great West, should have been published under a less generic name.the author of thefrom nob A FixLDB have added one to the list of goodTick-book* of native origin. The charactere are real, wewhich constitute the narrative perdom, and now recognize Publishen have beennecessaryfill the vacaocj. His duties are com- merit. Certain it is that amongst all the creations women of the South, who have distfaguished ations are to be written in a paragraph. This preeminent, towering up as did FrontdeBceuf innte orderone of the compensations for great misfortune that tracts given with the poems are worthy to be in themselves more or less in various departments of country parson, however, confutes the popular idea the van of battleand the selection ofsuch company. The wood engravings, with wliich literature. The specimens of each author are in- by occupying a good-sized volume with the narra- all disparaging the many other most noblethe soulHen become as TheiTquick,fiery,indignsntglanceIpenetratesthefectionashumanskillcango.theeditor.Thebookissdomedwithfinesteelloveisacompilationofmusingsandmoraliimgs,whicheveryreaderwillprobablybewillingtoac-MABTurLi^BBisas«»'^''TMis evidencedtheTicKROBdisposednsMabia J. McIktosh, Mabiob Hablabd, (authorThe South is certainly under obligations to Mabt book form. Tbaoxbbat needs no praise, and he sustained interest Ivanhoe is without a been more discriminating hi selections, hepatient apparently,he be-ite suthors" is not sorepresentative. without romance, if suoh aboots.made,en to usPaiBHBrIBondnf iver'eamaamen'* *o«U*- In Memoirs amiandby Dablbt, vice whh all a Frenciunan's lightaaas, and modt tntrSg-lpif^ftwariwammt»mitoUimmkimAHioahUitlillilg iwok Is'sumptuou*ly printed, and cannot filfi to be derfuL He 4aalws a diapter of msaafaigat yoaia with ilhisttatians designsd aad executed aadst thaThe Poetry (^ JtTalur*, with thirty iUnstraptions drawn by Habbiroh Wbib ; The Hamlet, season. The other work' to wUeh we referred as eye* in a paragraph. To read] him i* like sittinga conspicuous fevorite among the glfthook* of the a stetence and phu a dOMn chaimctCTshef^ jiMxin course of puUicstion by Bvdd & Cabl'TOH. Itand well illustrated. A newtherms a, Way,—and one by Miss McIbtosh—A present clouded condition of the political aky has wonder at the man who could write such a book ; taak moat judiciously, aad if called upon to iwelikestory by Mra. Hatbib—Where there's a WiU dential election aa toads are after a shower. The but the gems are a* cold as they are clear. You compiler of the piesSiif wi>ih haa piiformed Uais a brilliant bookwiton foantsin-Ulies of a Winter;sparklesonevery page day,sends ofhynns wiMa. b««Mr, sMiaiftii#^ril>ha wehavebookatoth* you die saeiad'page*interval, and then he will be sorry that he ha* done which go to build corrent liHiatnie^ it i* ito address the author as the in frogs theold-fashioned s's, puzzles us to determine. Look-kinson's Travels in theRegionsUpperyou,it has also been defended John Bvskin. To edition of Sqcixx'b Nicaragua, replete with m^eably byour thinking, praise or censure is alike wastedand illustrations.Thatwemaynotignoreher greatness, thelittleknights.neither batUed BO.-Cid and Charlemagne.Of the has nmie plot poem; itconsistsofasilver bells are everthefavor in major sbare glorification,ringing through Miss BoBX Tbbbt have already foundland, St. Louis, however, comes in for the of for wUch reaaon"floating around, uponticular,The two Villages ;" for months it wentWe have nodiscuss the merit, of Mr. Abbot aa aa historian. It is quito true that he ofltimea ro- with and allows himselftoreality,be where he should rdigioody obeerve prejudicedthe impartiality befitting an historian. But dii* truth cannot be denied—he maketf readable booka. Little feult can be found vrith hia pieaent work onmultipliedcountry newspapera.;''and this we can say without atrope.attached to it andWhen theHutory.fuh- Lawbknci, Uriied by Gould A Lincoln. He has succeeded and does full justice to the original. Apropos of and instme-i\ mightthe fact that it v.as mad? to Ut the mate.-ial on thing be possible, is gi^byhis life to do " the affectionate WordiyFriend." Andbecannot broughttoo femiliariy to the acquaint-The asms a publishera print reviaadHeroes of Eu-byYj?r^sAt IThomas M. Tryniski 309 South 4th Street Fulton New York 13069www.fultonhistory.com 