 •^mending those w h o « « « « d themselves,to defeat the genial with my nature. JNo person of proper senti- the sta e of his health. In his testimony, Mr. Disraeli cian with due precautionj and in ihe ordinary maflrW,'ment, however, can peruse the foregoing card, and fail Manrioe, WBeeler, Peck, s*d Oliver, took In oppdwng to perceive the absoluts impossibility of m y allowing it,Iretan^nwtl»ai»k»asaIW>c«atandain^^ it to pass without notice. Unfortunately, experiencety «naaence<i a m H t » , •"^•ftVTrttr >*25tf»inst.,at e a r e d . I t WJW; ng Republican WTActeristic a n diioa is to be> e t<eenhowhacanvas* their dPolkareex- wt*of Breekin-ifloexjee-They a. Bre ki: u-idge &<•-*»,Trakbis whole weight interest.' ft is vet analyzed the> ietwowingsof *r*te, and that P'lar. Itieee- _of the several inal,renderingago boldly de- an* for Lincoln •Kfl regardedat« in Mieeouri a»*iprovidential progress and»«'ng poEiicaJ where destiny lar>#*ofma-aymeetinginthis wtingwasnot •ianmr the las* a* ieea enthnsi- ! -.•A.'rexaely £&-aral gentlemen>og whom w a s>ty. TheGen-oasakMosnees ofi-uag as an in-Nebrafla 1*131, and for the part; thai 7TMJ** » • « " ••** IwasinBoropewhentinsschemewassetonfoot. teachesthattoattempttoignoreissimplytoencourage hismuscleandreceive an ovation. Theinhospitable had laboredunder fattydegeneration of thefibersof weeksaftershelefttheSt.Gerrnajn HoteL The St'?4• •other's face, or splutters tobacco juice over him in theNEW-YORK DAILY TRIBUNE, FRIDAY AWftUBT 31, I860.suchasdragthe individualbeforethepublic. Thepe- Fergueson., TheJuryreturneda:verdict'of "gufl*y/' Lanahanwhileundertheinfluence chloroform, pre• would haveknown,and hesaid hedidn'tknow. So toapoint232feeteast,toAndrewJ.Dunn,for$871—culiarnotorietyattachedtosuchissuesisasrevolting butrecommendedthedefendanttomercyonaccountof puretoryrtoundergoinga8urgio&operation,seteforth, *he«fcncludedthattheStatenIslanderswereallmad. time,8da>s;7bids. SewerinSecondavenue,from " A t one of the people I leel great ipleasnre in com- to my taste as are the frequent results of them uncon- v that it appears to have been adnihiiAteied byitlfc^yB*.; * Mary^ Ann Bellinger, keeper of a boarding-house at Seventy-ninth to Eighty-sixth street, to Patrick L y * * ,in tbis respect to be more discriminating or more cban- tablethanI,willsoonbemadeknown.and a pott mortem disclosed the fact that thi§> patient Ididnotretnro«^l»««*^^^^j»' There suchwantonattacks, andthat, however worthy the menof Connecticutcaused his arrest, hopingtohide the heart. An agreement•has been made withB.v *wasnooccasionwhenJoonldexertanyeflfectfroinflu- motivepromptingthatpolicy,itis*liabletomisinter- ence to iwevent that deplorable result. I deeply re- pretation by many far more deserving of respect thanhialightunderabushel. Bailwasatonce procured, however,andtheperformancewenton. Thenext morning a crowd assembled at the Police Court to hear thecauseof Connecticutagt.TheChampionoftheKellytorepairandputinorderthedockonbulkhead GermainB<*elclerkcalledfrequentlyontheSenora in front of the: Hospital, which has given way, and- withasnialltoa.and invariably left without hi« mon-jrretthat»didnotreceivetheexpressedoppositionof these true Democrats with whom yon and I have been IdentifiedsincetL Syraense Conventionof1847. Ithemalignantanadistemperedclassofpersonstowhich you evidently belong, without the slightest pretext ofprovocation,youhaveparadedmynamebeforethe public, with no other conceivable motive than to makebeenpressedoutoflinefivefeetforthespaceof151 feet. The work will be doae under directions of the SuperintendentofWharves,PiersandSlips,inaccord- ance, with the suggestions of the Street Commissioner.ey. Mrs.Bellingergotsuspicious,thenshebecame wratby, but she didnX gefc her board money. So, she gave tne Senora a hint, **ud —— the Senora left.HollandL.Knight,of-fl*Planters'Hotel,boarded the Senora 'to tne amount of $40, but he too found it unprofitable; eoheabandonedthatfield,andconcluded not to invest any more in Portuguese ^royalty, and the-^risntbev*e*r»solvednotagaintobeinstrumentalin it, eofar,indeed,asthatconsummationmight*World.Everybody,includingtheoriginalcomplain- Thei,Boardwillfurnishthestone,andthecctatractorafflicting the. country, as all of us unconsciou«1v did He in your power, infamous. Because in the ant, appeared for the plaintiff, and the case, being vessels and labor to unload. The Commissioners when we; sided to ekct Franklin Pierce. That isis'enoughofJpjorytoonrcountryandourprinciplesfor legitimatepursuitofaprofeessionwhereinIseek,and<me century at least. I supposed that our portion of have u right to seek, a livelihood for my children andquiteone-sided,wasupsetimmediately. i beingofopinionthatafullrecordofeverycasetreated —The Hon. W . Porcher Miles, member of Congress at the Hospital should be. kept, have given instructionsItemilatin* and #etHng c m * and gutter In Fifty-fifth rtreet, from Third to Fif>h avennea, and from Seventh to Etjdrtfa n^enae-, where not already done. Eleven Mda. Awarded to TaooaM;• Criirnnmaat*6,32055. , , •,_ '.R e l a t i n g and acting curb wdgntter iaitead© rtreet from Broadway to Citr B*U-pi*ce, •»«.*» &£«*<»& ft".«gfe 2 ? DoaneatrVet. Onebid. Awardedte^VIHJawBairdat«««4e.Building of a new fire engine for Engine Cprnpany Ho, » . Otut bid. Awarded to C. E Hartaboraat ifcLOTO. ^ •^._ . ,MmRegulating, curbizuand Buttering Eighth av«mu» from Kigfatr. lecond atreet to One Hundred and Second "tre^t Seven M*r- AwardedtoGeo.A.{Buckingham&Co..at$32,M1J7. ,yS^^nFiftr-thTrdatreSLfrorn Eighth to Tenth are***. Ten m». Awarded ko Win. Batrd at $1900.Flagrfuir In'Fifty'firat rtreet. from Ninthto Tenthavoaaea. NhwHo*:AwardedtoWm.Bairdat$1,410TO.Nobidswerereceivedforbuildinganewst*atn fir* engine for Hoae Company No. 5 . The Street ComauV eioner will rxake a communication to the Common Council on the subject.' • aBELIEF FOR SYRIAN SUFMIRERS.—The Conunitteomyeelf, I did notdecline to represent the GovernmentinthepartybadmaintainedthecauseoftheSouth,and prosecutingpersonswhowerechargedwithviolating fromSouthCarolina,whohasbeenaninvalidforto that effect. "IslandHospital.—TheResidentPhysicianreports Senorachangedherresidence. .strong^ labored to insure its citizens the fullest enjoy- joeot of their constitutional rights- Suoh, was my de- gireandaun. Iadheretoth*mgtilLthe public laws, you apply to me degrading epithets, some time past, is now at Newport, and is rapidly im- impeachmyintegrity,andimputetomyprivateand provinginhealth."'' ;^;-V;J:'"*..;the rodden death of Paul Remiel, 20 hours after ad- mission^ofdeliriumtremens;alsoofJohnHiggms26 hours after admission. A poet mortem in the latter case revealed fracture of skull and a large clot of bloodThe case is Btill pending before Justice-Connolly, and if there are any other persons who have gquan- dered money* upon the Senora they are respectfully»'j£y principlea remain as they were in 1847,and I Sublic conduct a hase and venal hypocrisy. "Tonhaveins left the path which, under the laws of decently cratic party, though I refuse to adopt the new dog nas regulated social life, it was your duty to pursue, in—Mrs. Fanny Kemble Butler advertises her cottageat Lenox, "The Perch," for sale. She has purchased on the brain. In this case an examination was made requested to step up to the Jefferson Market Policecannot and wiJlnot be led or dnven firom the Demo-©ftrickatersmaneuveringforthePresidency. We ordertoaspersethecharacter,andtoinvadetherights theresidenceformerlyownedbyMrs.S.Gr.Lee.bytheCommissioners,whentheAssistantPhysician Courtandgayao. TheSenora'sreceptionhoursare testified fiat upon visiting the patient there was no in- from 8 a. m. to 4 p. m. Being exclusive in her habits, dication or complaint of violence, and that the injurywouldonlydevelopitself byasurgicaloperation.Thestood by the South, and had every right to expect the of a man who had never harmed you in deed, word or—The new name which Mr. Douglas has given him- self, "TheLittle.Sucker,"explainstheanxietyhe has forsome.weekspastdisplayedinsearchofhismother.citiz&ns in this city and State, and I almost envy youand tho*e with wftom yon were associated in oppo-sition to the measure, the grateful approbation whichyour course will surely secure for you among themasses of the tme Democrats. I regard the consum- know, it is the largestunder cultivation." mation of the Nebraska plot as another of the contriv-will probably be ready about the 15th proxymakes eight veseels preparing for active service, a3 follows: Jamestown, Saratoga, Powhatan, and Paw- nee, at Philadelphia; Wabash atNew-York, and Rich- mond, Pensacola, and Germantown, at Norfolk.. CITY ITEMS.• •William Grrigg, charged with having swindled him out of $300 in the way of lent and board, several supple-an««e so numerous in the machinery of President- makiog.•" M*y it happen, as in former instances, that the en- gine designed to injure others may destroy only itB in- ventor. "Heaven grant that you and I may live to see th% Presidential chair filled by soa>e gentleman entirely ,qualified by intellect and moral character to adorn the station, and that the descending gradation of the in- cumbents which has for some years injured our national reputation, may not be continued by adding to the suc- cession of the incompetent and unworthy one whose—The Petersburg Intelligencer gives the followingsketch of the \lrginia Democrat, saying, however,with some sadness: " W e fear that this peculiar typeabout the woman's neck and attempted to kiss her. She ieedsted, and escaped from him. He then put out the gas, and again attempted to take improper liberties with her, when a scuffle ensued, the noise of which brought Mr. Bock down stairs. . H e opened the door just as the gas was relit, and saw Robertson having hold of bis wife in an improper manner. •his country. Ever yours truly,-•>"JAMEST.BRADV. —Mr. James L . Seward o f Georgia publishes i nwithadriverinliveryandtwohigh-spiritedhorses,used to stand in front of Mrs. Ramsay's door, and Mrs.tursed,andwithonehandsferuik*B^ockintheface,and with the other plunged a long dirk knife into hisabdomen. H e then fled, but soon returned for his cap, such duties.«^ ,. » v.it~*»• The Iton Bftrcs w l P ^ K K A X . "sons from all portions of the world; a second volume has been opened. The visitors come mostly during the time frpm May to November; and the arrivals are specially numerous in July and August. The grounds are open to all who desire to inspect them; but if one wishes to pass through the Hbrary and other rooms, where the patriot lived and died, a moderate fee is charged to defray the expense of furnishing attendants, &c. I could not hut admire anew the magnificent field still attached to the farm, and situated opposite the old Gov. Winslow house. It is extremely level, and with but few trees upon it. In size it is equal. to Boston Common. It is now all in grass,, and a handsomer field cannot be seen in New-England; and, so far as I7771.474 Island Hospital, f m Work- 331regard tue feelings of others; but when availed thus, ; contrive pleasure parties for that day, or to indulge in Willison, jr.; Paesed Assistant Surgeon, Jas. Laws;without knowing why or for what, I shall defend my fcclf, if necessary, to the last extremity."—Some excitement has recently been created in Sa- vannah. Ga., by the prospect of a duel between Henry K. Juckiou and L . Carleton Belt. It seems tV|tt the , following V*ter made its appearance in The Atalanta \ Ce»feUracy of the 18th inst:Mowzir.COBS ANDHKN'RV R.JACKSON.—Since | the abo'e have become the leaders of the South- ern Itigbt!! party (the only hope of cotton plant- ers), tiesubscriberoffersforsale thebest planta- tion in Georgia, lying in Bulloch county, on the Oge- cheeriver,seventy milesabove Savannah, andsixty from Augusta by railroad. He invites any and every body to (ome and look at the growing crop, to see that notnitg buf iris want of conlidence in hia oldpartyintemperate eating and drinking. He rather shuns daughter of *'tre Emperor of Portugal," she wasborn public display, and is disinclined to make -political Paymaster, Geo. W . Clarke, Second Lieutenant of in New-York City forty years ago, that her father's froeeches, or to fill public offices, believing that private Marines, W . W/Kirklaud; Midshipmen, J. Bishop, name was CorkeTy/and that the Senora was christened life is more becoming a gentleman of tastie and finefeelir-g."—Miss Catharine Se|gwick, the well-known au: Jacob Stephens; Chief Engineer, Harmau Newell; Mart/to Philbum, of the livery stable, No. 124 Clintoni — — •the greatest difficulty that the fellow was conveyed to A NOTORIOUS ROWDY ARRESTED.—Jim Tomer,the Station-Houte. While giving in his name and the individual who retained a California Vhrilance-CommJtteebag of co'.Jon to the acre, and the balance heavily tim- bered pine htad with the Ogecheee to float it. H e ie now willing to selL Willing u nell because of South-em pre Dtitutioo; because the true men of the South havefajlenintobadhands. Becausenow,wehaveas protectors men who have done all in their power to mjore us—the former a Wilmot Provia© mun, and op- posed to reopening the African slave-trade, and the latterthepaidanOseducedpohV-emanof Buchananto huntupandprosecuteSouthernmenfordoingjuetwhatHam, afterward transferred to Belgium, and in 1854 sent, to this country at the instigation of Louis Napo- leon, whom he had effestively denounced in a letter of which 50.000 copes had been printed in Belgium alone. Since the latter part of December, 1857, he has been permitted to live at Brussels.pre&en*eo, and referred to the Committee of the Whole. the house, and had even taken people there to show itThe Committee o f t h e Wbole presented a lengthy to them. She never took her friends imide, becausereport, which was unanimously adopted. W e make sLe didn't like to disturb her tenants. Mr. Munroe was the following abstracts relative t o the affairs and con-dition of theseveral institutionsunderchargeofthe obligedtoherforher consideration. Althoughhedidnot like to dispute with a lady, he could not concede to•. ' . !but didn't get. it.the 17th to the 30th o f August, inclusive, 671 persons,his father and mine, if they were cotton-piauterB at the that his son had caned the senior editor of The Mont- males and females, have been transferred to the Work- Twenty-seventh street. Mrs.Fonnan's interest was atime, were engaged in, and prosecute them as pirates.Now, having no confidence in Southern security, undersuch leaders, I offer my land for sale, and will sell itat a bargain, to either c f the above gentlemen, or any courteous paragraph:YankeeoranyoneelseexceptatrueSouthern Rights man, oietothe"manorborn,"whonevertastedthe G o v e r n m e n t P a p ; o n e w h o s e c o n s c i e n c e h a s n o t b e e n enlightened by the reflection from the Government"Thisman—aconvictedfelon,therecipientofEx- ecutiveclemency,whoismorefamiliarwiththe'walls o f a j a i l t h a n w i t h t r u t h o r h o n o r — r e v e n g e s a n i n s u l t otTered him, not by acts but WORDS, and advertisesJAdvettlsemeht.]gomery (Ala.) Confederation, the senior editor replies whh a card of his own, in which occurs the followingIiouec on Blackwell's Island, as vagrants or disorderlypersons, and the following table presents the number oftimes they had teen previously committedlat tim*.. •'••••••• •' 9th t i m e . . . . . . . . . . 8 25th t i m e . . . . . . . . . 6 belonging to her royal bparder. She inquired at every 2dtime...•..•...31110thtime 1730thtime -11v.... 30 15th time ....11 50th time 3tjessury. L.CARLETOJ*BJCLT. himselfasapoltroonandcoward,bypublishingthat7tbtime.........•"16thtime 260thtime... 3arenomorenotedfortheirpolitenessthanJereeymenwhut you *re.-yoar capabilities, your viitues, » » / « r r^j K-^- to FOWLS, a it WXLLS, HO. 803 feroadway, NWyorfca»««» yourcharacterwritteroutinfulhItwouldbethe»••*»»«•*'•' whichyoucantreatyourselforfriends.Hcarberef,Central Railroad, Georgia.TothisMr. Jacksonrepliedthroughthecolumnsofa Savannah paper, a s follows: "Forvariousreasons,nomancanbemoreanxiousthanmjaelftoavoidthepersonal issuse—eftpeciaHywe*arenottobetreatedasgentlemen.' Hehassaved 8thtime 3.20ththn« 2375thtime.. 4and BOthey didn't tell her. She next asked the rent- Collectorifheknew,andhesaidhedidn't. Sheasked him if his brother knew, and he said he had. no brother.us the necessity of publishing him as a coward, by ad- vertisingithimselfinadvance.''Totd.••*»».............«'«•••••••• •.••« •**••>••••••»• •••»DIX. Of this number £94 were males and 377 females. BcUevue Hospital.—The reportofDr.MoCready,onstated that he had received 120 letters from Mr. Jobson. care being taken to permit the vapor to be freely mixed —John C. Heenan went to New-Haven to exhibit with atmospheric air. Death took place from syncope,:No. 68 West Fourteenth street, knew the Senora, and conipanion. The ^ o ^ b p c ^ w i ^ J w ^ ; ^ ^for $7,245— time, 60 days; 6 bids.The Astor l^rarr, wbieh has been closed for deal-ing during four weeks, wfll be opened on KendarV ->• September 3d, audi continue open from 10 a. ni. tttitff 6p.m.everyday.CONTRACTS BY T H E STREET Coumm6HXK.--Thm following contracts were awarded yesterday: / .Setting curb and enttor In One Hundred nodffl-rtnimtu•Uot*. fromThirdcvtnnitothoHarlemriver,sodfaSixthwennefireec - i i One Hundred «nd TVolfth street to Ow. Hundred u d IVenty-fifth «tr«et Elgbtjbid*. Awarded to Wm^Jfafaiet *6.4S« e cSouih to stand by us. Its representatives in Coogrees havenotdoneso; and be*ide incurringthemalignant enmbyoftheAdministration—aneventwhichnohon- orableman*shouldregret—wehavebeeu visitedwithport of whose interests we gave up all hope of the re- positive calamity to me and to mine, I am constrained cular Christianity," has just been appointed chaplain jumped from the second story window and broke herwards of political triumphs, and encountered the worst to pronounce your aspersions upon my character to be to acorpaof volunteer rifles. V - thigh, atd Wm. Schneiderjumped from upper story of Wednesday. The bride, a young lady of oalyaixteenthespiritinwhichitwaswritten—while Ideeplyde- the coldnees or the opposition of Southern men, in sup- plore the necessity thus rudely thrust upon me as afurther investigation wasorderedattheCityPrison.—The Rev. Charles Kingsley, the champion of" Mus- Elizabeth Francea, laboring under the effects of liquor,' life took place at the Green-street Synagogue onre*uhsandpersecutioos.of.politicalwarfare. The utterlyfalse,andyou,L.CarletonBelt,ofScarboro'C. coarse of the 8o«:hern meaibers ehaH not, however, R. R., Ga., to be a malignant calumniator.WorkHouseandwasinstantlykilled. Upontheseoc- years,isadaughterofIsidorBernhardoftiiscity, —Madame Jessie Mario has addressed to one of her currences directions were given that hereafter no'pa- and the groom, David Mayer of Albany, Ga., is afriendsconnectedwiththeLadies'GaribaldiBenevo- tientwhoseconditionrenderedthemliabletodelirious largeplantationowner. Thesynagoguewaswellmakeusiwervefromthepathwechose."Wewillad- here to the duty w e sssamed. But I hope that none of us will give the slightest sanction to any device for ex- tending Slavery, or permit the least diminution of anylightwhichbelongstotheNorth."' It must have surpxiaed vou, as it did me, tofindthe menwhomwebadtobattlewithinthisState,from 2847to2S53,suddenlychangedbythemagicalchemy of Presidential patronage w violent aovocates of greater concessions to the South than it ever could. ordid claim, and to observe that by the most unexpectedadvent of a|delnsive and transitory political millennium,these pretended-converts, and some Democrats whomyon and I had always acted with, have become rivalsmignobleeagerneestoapplaudtheindividualtowhomthe paternity o f t h e Nebraska scheme i s generallyattributed. Some of these gentlemen insist that tobe"HENRY R. JACKSON."Mr. Belt is a brother-in-law of Gen. Heniugsen, of lent Association the following letter, which BhowB how attack; be placed above the ground floor. Iron barsfilled, and presented a beautiful appearance ia the light of gas and w a x candles, while from the front of the altarbyaslendersilverchainhungtheperpetual lamp. The ladies occupied the galleries, and the gen-forthereliefofthedeatltuteandaufreriaginSyria,mknowlodfa- the receipt of the following n m i :thcught. ."If, then,thepublicationbeforemebereallyyours—ifIhavenotmisconceivedtheobjectforwhich,atodverdict;oftheCoroner'sJurywaa,,"Apoplexy.'' Aallvisitorsmust obtain ticketsfromJusticeConnolly. •."''j e^—:—Walker notoriety, and it is said that he was himself in-$50 00» 00M.a,$5;J.E.J.,$3terestedintheNicaragoanenterprise. was Pierce's Ministerto "Vienna.PERSONAL.CoLJackson. ..;"MELAZZO,Sicily,Julv27. "MYDEARFRIEND: Hastenyourkind offeringsMra.„R-T....StorrsBros..C, Clifton Springr 5 00'M.E 8mith. Smithtim Newark........... 100Mr..SarahW.Hale.... SOOf—On the 24th inst., Madame Anna Bishop, who isgiving concerts at the West, was robbed of many val-uable articles at the Newhall House in Milwaukee.The following list of articles stolen will interest some Thus their liberators are neglected. Garibaldi Btartedquisition of Superintendent of City.Cemet&ry, an addi- tion of ten prisoners have been furnished for labor at that place. One hundred and twenty-five feet of ironpersons:" Pair of gold ear-rings; pair of topaz ear-rings,; staff. You may imagine how anxious I shall be direct-Prieon. . , Aims-House.—Thos. Perkins, reported missingonThe groom, his brother, and the bride's father, steodDANGEROUSSTATEOFAPARTOFTHECROTOfT AQUEDUCT.Toth*EditorofTheN.Y. Tribune.SIR: Upon visiting the High Bridge, I was re- minded,veryforcibly,thattherewaaadifferenceofopinion, aa to powers, between Mayor Wood and the Croton Aqueductreceived Into full communion with them, wemust pairofgold ear-ringswithcarbuncles; orientalbrace- lyactioncommences. AssoonaothewoundedareinUrgentlymoneyisneededforthesickandwounded:.having .beenplaced at the. Aims-House windows for the protection of this class of inmates, instructions havebeen"giventohavethewindowsattheWork- Boueeproperlysecured. TheresignationofDr.T.B. H. McCurdy... H. S. TMelins, Currier fc Sher-20 00 wood. I •$*> 0»»*toro»f4Irre-n>eImpending adopttheirnewarticleoff»uth.Iftheybesincereinlet,cold,presentedbyMadameRosnovano,atJaeei,amoveablestate;weshalls*ndthemtoPalermo,asatthe17thinst.,hasbeenreturned.Hewaspickedupunderthisforsomeminutes,,awaitingthe;brilalaiiaaslv songht anoverwhelm*- ieGt<nerilcar- nd is a man o£ was an ilEiex^B. Henderson, d Didtrict, andtk the Lictle, which he pro- and hanging>t accept what: 1. Henderson: n*kee freenso til he is almost the rtars andK. c. s,ig, Mich., on case there are rarest meeting toshowhow paid in on the x oxen for the s of potatoes, i*tofeatablesto escort JCr.with a caval- i e r frpeakers Sngham, and rson - of Xew-r 6i Co. com- , when they most violent He also says carries more w;!l be, J >hnlaim that they ofiO,000.>f Arkansas, isbay has been bhnPaddock.*a formed attars ago theredch now will••>> RepnbKcaxit BSI Saturday. Awakes, and ieottville, t h e ta, theHon.h Miistic Re- day evening. in toe Tenih^,Ilbaoie, and ipeechee. A t id Saaiael H . .meeting wae xer was pre- | |j» a eharming ldres>ee were • id ;thers. I t j ave Fremontpft received, viewoftheHouston Statev:- withdrawal»•»'«,l«ry. The >n ti»e iofi>:-yesterday «£••• skiaridge£3eo- 'JK-f £^ MOM. is-DCOANNE. ex-member tarPeople's jlotDistrictRichmond, A strong among therafliers ,and I•he Conven- e stump.obiicans of ear at Gray '- Fesssnden >eech>?«,and" jS making a•r was pre-* Ward ofi made the epondedon and crjoaic • 6 Wigwam•eckhwidge (n written crisis, as d hisopin- the Preei-as to my ed throngs ble to u ethose w h o tngiojprin- ua. wicked wasboand i m a s t r e - itatione of tod to de- .«ud*who t>do so aJU toimpngnbat I csa- ithatitis rationand I with a o - owed ob- cation for iu thmsC-aut been urili provethis, and persist in this exaction, I, for one, will take Moblavia; large brooch of Australian gold, with Barcelona w e have no realhospital, only five churches, on Long Island shore. nearly drowned, and placed in corteg6. A t length, the niain doors were swung widethe earHeet opportunity to sever all political connection precious stones—inscription on the back of the drop: and when the numbers are reduced to a manageable Astoriajail, from which place he was received on the open, and the bride and her mother entered, followedwiththem. Ifeelthattheymisrepresenttoosenti- *PresentedtoMadameAnnaBishopbyG.C.Coppin, stateIshalljointheambulanzagenerale. Thisisbut 18thAugust, Hehadformed"araft,andproceededto byfourbridegrooms,eachaccompaniedbyabrides- ments and truepurposes of the Democracy. Bat, even Melbourne, 1%56;' pair of combe mounted in gold with a line to keep you informed of our mevements, and to the carpenter's shop of work-house, and abstracted aif the contrary were the caae, I«oould not change my jewels—inscription on each: 'Presented to Madame urge you to hasten your operations, I hope that the quantity of tools, with which he made his escape. A maid, followed by the friends and relatives of they Board.deliberate convictions that it is unwise and ntteily Anna Bishop byherattachedfriend, Mrs.Hart,Syd- EnglishConsulat.Palermohassomenewsforme. WToniron.thepart of theNorthern Democratstoper- ney,1856;' braceletmadefromthestone of the tomb : "Ever yours, JESSIE MARIO."portion"ofthe stolen property was recovered. The family. Thefourbridegrooms then stepped forward Togetaconstantandat thesame timeasufficient supplyofmit any disturbance of compromiseswhich our National of Romeo and Juliet, set in gold, presented to Comte ' BARCELONA, July 30.—I have had no means ofConventions have often ao distinctly approved, and Larise, at Verona, Italy; brooch coral arm, with tur- sending you this. I now add that if you could visit accordance with instruction, he has fitted up six cellswhich not only Mr. Pierce, but Hi. Denglaa, the com- quoise and pearls, mounted in gold, presented to Mme. these six hospitals, your heart would aohe. I have, in the female, and nine cells in the male hall, for the called, and remained standing, -while the Rev. Dr. petitors for the profit of now abrogating them, so. Anna Bishop at Naples; pins, three sets—green, blue work from dawn to midnight. W e want funds; 300 accommodation of Hospital patients bordering upon or Raphall addressed them. He said "he felt he wasrecently and strongly promised to maintain.and black, and gold.,?wounded are here.Tours, JESSIE."" I will not consider now whether the AKasouriCompromisewasorwasnotonconstitntional,asanattempt by one Congress to prohibit or prevent legis-lation by ita succeseora. Men of great intelligence holdopposite opinions on this point The admission of a he demands for his own writings he is scrupulous to forced by 100 troops from the Bsuicia barracks. They ment of female inmates- in sewing stockings, at tne he said: " I speak to you as a bride, as a mother, as State into our Confederacy, Ufcogh effected by legiala-huivemeans,isnotpurelya eguitativeact,buthasthecharacteristic of a contract, which should be sacredlyobserved. My views of that and other questions aris-ing out of the Nebraska bill will be given at largewhen I have an opportunity, which I must covet, to " THE EIGHTH COMMANDMANT; BY CHARLES REABE."brikf n up into small detachments, after a little time, ations and additions to the steam apparatus: James of your happiness and iuture success is based on anaddremourfellowDemocratsin public. Itisenough Before,however,theMS.wascomniittedtotheprin-. that the Missouri Compromise had (to use the languageawardedtoBlake,Wheelock&Co.Lunatic Asylum.—Wm. Banner fell into the riverand,was carried out by the tide and drowned. Everypulpit,andadrnmisteredtothebrideandgroomthe sacred wine; then saying some words 'in Hebrew, which they both repeated, he placed theweddiug-ringthat of the- Constitution of the United States, con- firm, requesting that the title-page should be changed, ceived in the same spirit of fraternal affection, and cal- so as to avoid the possibility of doing injustice to culatedtoremoveforeverthedangerwhichseemedto Moses!Butstillthereisaweaknesssomewherein threaten at no distant day to fever the social bond ofwas dispatched from Poromois Island to Old Point a fewdayssince,andalargedraftforOregonisordered, which will be ready to leave on Saturday. A largeeffort was made for his rescue by the Resides t Physi-cian,,but without success. Dr. L. N. Campbell has on the finger of the bride, and, signing the license,— Mr. Charles Reade is, perhaps, the brightest ex- ampleofliterarymagnanimityandhonestybeforethe young writers of the day. The same juet respect thatheartsandtruesouls—serioustothinkthatshewho had been such a bleeeing to her parents should leaveaccord to those of all other members of his profession. Thus,the title pageofhis newand trenchant work upon the Dramatic Copyright Law, when it was pre- sented to his American publishers, was inscribed,are not to remain there permanently, but will be rate of 12£ cents per dozen, payable cash on delivery.Thefollowingproposalswere receivedforthealter- amatron,andhepeandbelieve that jthegroundworkSmall detachments from the several recruiting rendez- of Mr. Dougla», uttered in 1849) an origin, akin to ters, Mr. Reade wrote to the literary member of the vous. 8re elowly coming in. A company of infantryunion. AH the evidence of public opicion of that day the inscription as it now stands. " THE EIOHTH COM- number of applicants for enlistment prove unfit tobeenappointedAssistantPhysician,tofillavacancy.Rand alts Island.—Arrangements have been madewith Clark & Brenner for a barge to convey founda-tion stone for the new building and four extensions,frcrn Blackwell's Island, at the rate of $7 50 per day.It has been ordered that the interment of children atthe cemetery (especially set apart on Randall's Island),the observances at the same shall be conducted under tulle and orange blossoms, carrying a magnificent direction of the Warden, and in presence of the child- bouquet of orauge blossoms. The bridesmaids were ren, with all proper solemnity and prayers for the dressed .also in white, but had pink flowers andserved to indicate that tbis Compromise had become canonised in the hearts of the American people, which no ruthless hand would be reckless enough to disturb. For this measure of repose, to which the public faith was pledged, the South received a consid- eration which it yet enjovs- The daty of keeping that pledge has been admitted and observed by the ablest statesmen from all parts of the Union who h-tve adorned our annals since it was given, and even those wbe thought that the constitutional power existed be- lieved, and acted on the belief, that it should never be exerc&ed' except under the pressure of imperious necesutv,!compelling the strictest exaction of extreme right. N o man can pretend that any such necessity has arisen; no pretext can be assigned for organizing these Territories, which are almost exclusively occn- pied by the red men, except obtaining a political cap- ital or bestowing Executive patronage. H o w de-MANDMENT. CHARLES READE." There is but onehappy way of viewing the emendation. Paraphrasethe title, and remove the obstruction of a singleand the delicate genius of the iavorite Mr. Reade moat the minority. The effect of this policy is rapidly im-Mr. Julius Lesaing,Mr. Isaac Freidenbert, Mr. Morris Brerrinffer, Sir. Aaron Bernhardt.Mias Sara Lederer, MiM Fannie Heller, Mies Augusta Blun, Miss Sara Steiner.jSouth! Would that all the members of the House had been inflaenced by impuLtes equal in dignity, | which marked the nc-ble conduct of Mr. Hunt of Louisiana. Iamverysorrythatacontraryfeelingcontrolled the Senate. It would not have been thus it' some of the iltuscrious men who onoe swayed that body remained to guide its action—if there had been spued of its former great minds even one to whose nature the designation of giant might be applied with-out intending or exciting derision." It woula be tedioas to set forth in a letter why, if I had been a Member of Congress, I would have deemed it my duty to labor and vote against the Nebraska bill. I would have done So with the fullest assuranoe that I was representing the real sentiments of our feilow-his only eon and child, Fletcher Webster, esq., andssvera!hundred acres of land around it. The placedoes not look as i' did when in its glory ten years ago;but it is still attractive, and in a pretty good condition.The interior of the house is hardly changed at all; andthe library^ portraits, & c , are now very, much as thelord of the manor left them. The number of visitorsto the mansion and grounds is rather. increasing fromyeartoyear. Aregisterofnameswasopenedin-1853, headed by that of the Hon. Edward Everett. A periment to test the military aspirations of Kentucki- pretty large book has been filled with names of per-Number remaining Aug. 18, 1860admitted since.».»••*•••••»•••.••••••»••••••• • 2,*oo! plorable that each motives should seduce the North j from its honor, or tempt the acquisitiveness of the |/period, which is evidently out of place and uneasy,The bride was dreseed in white satin trimmed withstrikingly appears : CHARLES READE."" THOUproving the moral condition of the army. It is singularSHALT. N O TSTEALthat the recent increase of courts-martial has beenpate medical S2 amination.need in selecting men now than was customary, the "roughs" among recruiting parties being alwayB inMore discrimination is alsoans, in March last, eince which time 150 stalwart; Bellevue Hospital. Lunatic Asylum....975 Fourth District Prisonmountain boys have been sent to Carlisle to be madsinto "horee soldiers." They are described as a Work-House>healthy, strong, and vigorous lot of men, a trifle too spunky.. .272 moned yesterday to take the ante-mortem depo- Colored Home 180ThiBDacotah has been announced. W e have a report of her outward trip. She is pronounced successful, andof gentleman is decreasing, and that the next genera-tion will be totally unable to find Buch a standard of her officers take pleasure in congratulating the Norfolk mentary affidavits have been made. The Senora ap-moral and social excellence." We.give the description: constructors on the fact.. She made an exceedingly pears to have been doing a successful confidence busi-" There are certain distinguishing marks by which tbis specimen of the genus •' nomo' may he recognized. Among them w e will enumerate a certain elegance of manhei and dress, which at all times attracts attention. He is always neat in appearance, and if unbearded,quick paseage, being only a little over eleven days at sea.We have from the Brazil squadron five days lateradvices than these received ivy the Navy Department.ness since 1851; and no sooner was she found out in one place than she fastened upon some other person, whom she did not leave till he or she had been victim- ized to sense fxtent.Mrs. Su&aij Ramsay, who keeps the European Board-Bock asked him what he meant, when Robertsonsaid he watted some beer. Mr. B . told bim to leavethe place, and upon Lb refusing to do so so, took holdof bim and put bim out. Thereupon Robertson re erations of disreputable person*who loiter in the vestibule ofonly reliance will be founded on his unscrupulous use alwsys closelv shaven, and nie linen ia of spotless The Pulaski steamer, having on board Commodoveof the aruiices by wnich a etltiah demagogue et*vat«s * iwhitenese. H e is scnipulouslv clean in his person, and hj-iitelf at the expense of detriment, if not disgrace, toSands, the Commander-in-Cbief of the fleet, arrivedcarefully attentive to his hands and finger nails, study- at Buenos Ayrea on the 8th of July, from Panama. shelter andfood for along time. TheSeaora's carriage,ing Lord Cheeterfield on these points, whom he con- \ siderstobetherecognizedauthority. Whentalking to a friend he nevfr advances his mouth close to theTheUnitedStatesbrigBainbridgereachedRioJaneiro on the 12th of .July, and, having received her home- ward bcund orders, was about to take in provisions andtheC>urtto•olicitclients—thatthesemeuhavefrequently threatened (o have him removed, and that other officers, seeing .Mr. Barclay not sustained, will not be so utrict in performingR. felt honored thereby. The Senora represented that 7%e Atlanta Confederacy a letter aimed at W . L.' jheat of the argument, or obtrudes his breath in an of- stores for the voyage. Shesailed probably about the she had untold treasures, and Mrs. R believed herwhich had fallen off in. the saloon, when Mr*. Bock We do not know what motive the Coinaunsioners may have seized him and held him fast until the arrival of officers had in removing this officer. In the absence of any complaint PikeandReeder,oftheSeventhWard. Thewound- aseintthim,itisprobabletheyremovedhimbecausetheylike edmanwasattendedbyaphysician,whopronounced torotatePolicemenbetweenpostanddetailedduty. Whateverwastheirreason,wehovenodesiretoinquire;allwespeakof his injuries exceedingly dangerous. The prisoner, who iv, whether there should not be sonic cordial understanding, that isamarriedrren,w*.slockedupforthenight. The theMDgistratesnmybesatisfiedwiththeofficerssentbythejuryfourd that B'ck came to his wounding a*: the Commissioner* to execute their orders. LEX. hands of John Robertson, and the prisoner was there- A'tftc- York; Aug. 2!), 1SW. ' . ;Yancey, who had directed some portion of a recent \ fensive manner. A t dinner, especially on a steamboat, 25th ult., and will be due in Boston in about three $125 worth. She presented her bill one day, but didn't he is a model of gentlemanly deportment. In a digai-speechatthewriter. Toeletter,temperateenough!fiedmannerheproceedstothecabin,andquietlytak- weeks. Theflag-shipCongress,andtheDolphin, getanymoney. ShethenfonndthattheSenora's nilneartheclose,suddenlyblazesforthintothefol-\ingaseat,waitsforaservanttoattendhiswants. He werenotatRio. TheSeminole,fromNorfolk,had horses,carriage,anddriverwerehiredaffairs,andhadeatsslowlyandwithmoderation,alwaysusinghisforknot arrived out.whoseheart,throat,andtongueistaintedwithalibel-I conversationwithladies. He is generally aSonof wassenttoherfromtbis port onMonday. Sbeist? tbatladyinformedhimthatshewas"the daughteroflowing manner of speecb: Inot been paid for. She then gave the Senora a cold shoulder. •MIhavecarefullyendeavoredtoavoidpersonalities,jtoconveybiBfoodtohismouth; thetablenapkinand yet I shall not be deterred from reviewimr the public ; finger-bowl of course presentno difficulty. In conver-TheUnitedStatessteamfrigatePowhatan,recently detailed for the Gulf, was put in commission on Tues-opinioi« and acts of other?, by the dirty l-ingoage of a ' sation he is fluent and -'"telligible, does notbo3omeone and slanderous intent against every man who may ' Temperance, and deprecates the useof ardent spirits sail on the 4th, .we understand. Annexed is a list of the Emperor of Portugal," and that August Belmontfool mouthed conspirator against trie Government, angry in argument, and never introduces politics in his day at Philadelphia. A large quantity of amrhunitibn an interview with the Senora on one occasion, whendifferwithhiminopinion. ImeanMr.Win.L.ja*beingoneofthe'principalsocialevils. Faithbeing YanceyofAlabama. Ioccupy a defensive position,jlargelydevelopedonbiscranium,heisusuallyamem- and intend to maintain my opinions, let wh« -will come. ber of some orthodox church, and spends Sunday in aherofficers: Capt.,SamuelMercer;Lieuts,JohnRut-andJobnVanBurenWereherdearfriends.FrederickNOTFITTO TO BEHANGED—PatrickCohnell,anIrish thief, about twenty years of age, was arretted onWednesday nigbt by Officer Costello of the Sixth the night On being! token before Justice Connolly the erf- Ward for a brutal assault on hia mother. It was witb officer was committed.in default of $500 bail.ledge, Egbert Thompson, Thomas C. Harris, W . W .\ I desire jpeaee with all men, and hope I shall always i befitting manner, and does not consider it proper to Queen, Geo. Brown, Phillip Porcher; Surgeon, Jos. He subsequently learned that if the Senora was theGeo. Dewey, M. S. Stuyvesant, C. W . Read;.Boat- swain, F . McLaud; Gunner, B . Duycker; Sailmaker,Sarah Jane. Mr. Dietering wanted his money back,residence, No. 92. Baxter street, the young ruffianbroke away from the officer and suddenly struck hisnotoriety, and who achieved new laurels in connection with tu« Bill Poole murder, was arrested on Thur*da> morning, charged with havir-g committed a brutal assault upon Edward Leonard ot Nq. 147 West Broadwav. Leonard was so severely kicked am*.Firfct A&eiftants, W . J. Lamdin and Jas. S. Lamdin;now recovering. She had an attack of the same com- / Second Assistants.. J. McElmell and John Purdy; walkirg through the Corpoiation mud so he furniahedfloor, where she lay insensible for a quarter of an hour. After this brutality, he aeeai'ed the prostrate woman withthemostfoulabu?e. Yesterdaymorning,hewaswas tsk>n before Justice Kelly, who locked him up In d*»uJt of f 000bail.FATAL FAtr..—Coroner O'Keefe held a n inquest yesterday,attheNew-YorkHospital outb*bsdyofJarnea Furlong, aged 2tiyears, who died fnm injur*" r*ceiTcd. b* TM°Tthoresa, has recently been ill with the croup, but isstreet, didn't like to see a member of a royal familyplaint about a year since.—Col. Charraa, one of the Republican French exiles, 0. Mcllvain.. -taken before Justice Kelly, where he again com- ing Jrom a tiee on Staten Island, on the « h of July. A ver<uci mencedhisabuseofbismother. Heassuredherthat ofaccidentaldettthwasrendered.ThirdAssistants,W.H.Gladding,E.Lewis,andH.her with a ea-riage to ride in,,horees to trot her out, and a driver to steer the horses Of course he ex- pectedtoderivepecuniarybenefitfromtheSenora'ahas joined the army of Garibaldi. He took part in the CHARITIES AND CORRECTIONS. patronage, but he Only wore out his boots in presenting revolutionof1830,andwasafterward sentto Algeriaif she sent him to the Island, he would have her life, . ARSON.—Henrv EichofT, the keeper o f a tager-beer andsaiitoheru Getyour coffinmade,andbuyarope saloon,atNo IWhitehallsteoet,who waaarrestedonwednes- dav night, on suspicion oi having'set tire to the prendse*. **«for me, for I shall kill kill you if I hang for it." H e yesterday committed JW examination by Justice Kelly.on account of some articles from bis pen, published in The Commissioners o f the Department o f Charities his bill.the National, which were distasteful to the Govern- and Corrections met yesterday afternoon at the Ro- Thomas Munroe, a merchant, didn't believe the Se-tunda.' Mr. Nicholson in the chair, intheabsenceof ment. After the revolution of 1848 he became Under President Draper.hasalreadytervedoneterm on theIslandfor beating lived, inasmuch as he had the deeds of the same. He his motter, and Justice Kelly yeeterday committed.f^tertiteineDt.JGTJJWEY'S GALLERY.No. 707 Broadway. PHOTOOKATKB, IvoKrrrrTBs, MJKUTUXKS ix O n , and DAQcxaKKOTYrES.m'• (Advertisement1•• ••.noraownedthebouse on Staten Is'and in whichhe acres of land that will any seasonable year, produce a coup d'tlai of Dec. 2, 1851, and wasfirstdetained at- proved. / A largo number of. communications were was aware that the Senora had stated that she, owned;4,•;could induce him to seiL Convenient to the Central Railroad, from thence to any where, with four thousandSecretary of State; he was one of the victims of the The minutes o f the last meeting were read'.aud ap-him to answer. The full extent of punisment for this offenpe ia six months' imprisonment in the Penitentiary, and $50 fine.•—; —CALIFORNIA BOOK PREMIUMS.—The California StateAgricultural Society oilers as premiums to exhibitors in several classes, a variety o f works o n agriculture and horticulture, therein not departing from the prac- ticeofseveralSocietiesnearertous. But,with that liberality wbica seems chSracteiietic o f all Californiau enterprises, t h e Agricultural Society o f t h e Golden State have ordered Messrs. Saxton, Barker <fc Co., tho publishers in this city, to bind the premium books in Turkey morocco, full gilt. The booka thus adorned. aresuitableornamentsforthetableofanyparlor,andt h e i n v o i c e w i l l a m o u n t t o f u l l $ 2 , 0 0 0 .OPENINGOFBIDS ATTHECROTONDEPARTMENT.The following awards were made yesterday: Sewer inCherrystreet,fromGouverneurstreettoMontgomerystreet,toThomasCasey,for$1,09910—time,11days;and JeffersonPrison have been put in repair—the stone work having —Mr. W.L,Yanceyhavingpublishedacardsaying, beenpointedup,andthecelllocksnutinorder. Fromher the ownership of his property. .Mis. MaryAnnFormanfeltaninterestinthe Seno-Commissionera:City Prison.—The.\TombsMarketH. M. QUEEN VICTORIA.—NOW on exhibition a tFAKIR'S PHOTOGRAPHIC ATIT GAZXXXT, No. 863 Broadway, PoitTK.vmof the ROYAL FAMIIY.. photographed from lire br MayalL Thenc are faithful likenesses, pretty pictures, and wstt worthy to be visited by lovers of the art.[Advertisement. . -—EDWARD H. DIXON, M.D.,Editor of !*•Setlpel, and Operating and Consulting Surgeon, No.4lStlHssL Office consultations on the more obscur* diseases of w e peW* viscera. Rapture, Piles, Varicocele, and Fistula, radiostoenre* without the knife or ligature. Office hours from 8 te 9, 1 to *.3dtime4 t h t i m e . . . 5th time (ith time1*211thtime 135thtime 3 4 2 1 2 t h t i m e . . . . . . " . . • • 5 4 0 t h t i m e . . 6 18 14th time 4 45th time......... 1house ehecameto,andaskedeveiypersonBhemetif t h e y w o u l d o b l i g e h e r b y p o i n t i n g o u t t h e p r o p e r t y belonging to Senora Donna Pedro. Staten loUudersAPICTUREOFYOURMIND.—Ifyouwouldwj« y o u> "r • " m e n t a l m e a s u r e " t a k e n , b y w h i c h y o u c a n k n o wt « *t • , «t J'« ' • — .[Advertisement] ^^ MrlDEFORMED ANEPARALYZED ^^cSffSS. badHipDhean,:bocouldnotW*3L.orjrtWjftJ wJ£.Yoe*.—DavidWemyasJobsonhasatlastbeenconvictedofhavingendeavoredtoextortmoneyfromSirJames behalfoftheMedioalCollege,onthedeathofMichael Sheaskedhimifbehadhadabrother'didhethinkhe5bids.SeweriaThirteenth,stree^ftoiaHudsonstreet I.Pp?IePdtoDr.J.P.MinnofNo.0 TM]WS%&ffil7Xj I.*<*'.Thomas M. Tryniski 309 South 4th Street Fulton New York 13069•( L..•'Untitled Document~7~—mm•{0m^s^Aims-House Penitentiary................ 678Small-Pox HospitalRandall's Island.Randall's Island Hospital.. 295 City Prison 296 Second District Prison . . . . 71 Third District Prison 25The Board then adjourned8 984THE ROYAL CONFIDENCE WOMAN.—In the case of Senora Donna Pedro, the assumed sprig of Portugueseing-Houee at No. 767 Broadway, gave the royal lady' ra, inasmuch as she bearded at.her house, No. 37lively, one, for it kept her traveling all over Staten Is- land to ascertain the exact location of the real estate»nd7to9«.vanwgs.-^,m^^~tv £........1000»CMD<..«.»«-.«--•••*••••now. Theambulanza generate startsforMessinaat Penitentiary.—From thisinstitutiontherehasbeen tlementhemain floor. At2%o'clockprecisely,the Canh,. ........ 1500E.Lambertit.Co.,.... $0OSforthesickandwounded;neverwasitwantedas H.-Whitney,AssistantPhysician,hasbeenaccepted.••'...-;,-,4 a. m., leaving behind here and at Barcelona 600 sickand wounded. Here at this hospital more than 60 arelfurnished to Bellevue Hospital 598 calico shirts and 180 dreeses; 200 tuns foundation stone for buildings onRev. Mr. Cramer ascended the almemor, or chancel, and read aloud the daily prayer in Hebrew; then fourJ. D. Jones.......\jOMO ...............80 00 8torey tc Steven*. 5f •»> 500E. Waterigbt 5000 300 l^riaton/Wood 4t Co.100OSlying on the bare floor, and though I have* the ticksall ready I.cannot get even strawfor the poor wretches. RandaQ'e Island, have been delivered. Upon the re- small boys stepped into the square in front of the altar,a.tt...............Tot r\]••••••*••*•«••••*••**•••* *•»••••> •*»4*«se»«#«ee» V^'W wThe Neapolitans have devastated these villages, and, moreover, the inhabitants are sullen and bardrJearted-and each took hold of a high pole elaborately carved,over which was stretched a canopy of crimson damaskPreviously acknowledged... TotaL.9,169 99 $9.TTB «eat9.thismorningforMessina;myhusbandisonhisfencehasbeenorderedat$l25,tofinishinfrontof lintdwithwhitesatin.W.A.BOOTH.Treaanxer,No.95Frontatreet.:••-•fellowwassenttotheLunaticAsylum. 'andrelievedthefourboys. Thebrideadvancingwithwater,ithatbecomenecesaarytolay down morepipes on the bridge, and the work of nncoveiing and making preparation for doing fo waa commenced some time ago, but waa stopped sud- denly from a conflict of powers.Now, Sir, my object in writing this letter is to ascer- tain how long it will take, in the nature of the case, to have tho- oew lints of pipes laid and all covered over and protected from the cold; and also to know whether, in the event of an unusually earlyandhardfrost,thereIsanydangertobeapprehendedfrom the bursting of the said.pipes. /The lives of thousands of our citizens depend upon the integ- rity of those two pipes, each three feet in diameter. Should any accident occur, in frost time, by which the dOnection be- tween Westchester CountyandManhattanIsland shouldbo broken, then woe, woe to the inhabitants of the great city.It is now near the 1»t of September, and six or eight weeks will bring us to the middle of October, and the 1st of November. • Istherenothingonrecordtoshowthatintensecoldhascomeoat for a season at that period of the year ? Jf there be the remot- est possibility of such an occurrence, is it right that the peopla should sit heedlessly down to wait until the quarrel is settled between thehighycontendlng'partiee through the tedious way of litigation1Whoshallsayhowma«yprocessesoflawandhow long a time it will take in the courts tc settle this dispute? In such a case as thjis, whore the health, and very lives, perhaps, of our people are at stake, is there no way of anticipating and pte- ventine thin threatened calamity? Go, Sir, go and stand upon the «tep» leading from the bridge, and look upon the scene below. A narrow causeway, elevated over one hundred feet from the level of the river below, exposed the more on that ac-count to all the thermometries! changes of the atmosphere—ett the coverings of the arteries which supply our existence removed for a diatwee of from seven to eight hundred feet and cast down. a hundred feet to the banks beneath; then remember that one or more lines of pipes have to be brought to the spot aad laid down before the earth coverings can be put on, and that there Is room enough on the narrow bridge for only a very few laborers to work at one time, and th> a. say whether or no there be a pos- sibilUyof the danger alluded to above. A t all events, I haver fflt it to be m y duty to call your attention, and, through yo*, that of the public to tbis subject.Respectfully youw, KDWARD R. PERCY, M. D. Avgv$t3Q, 1860.•,POUCE MAGISTRATES AND COMMISSIONERS.TotheEditor of TheN. Y. Tribune.SIR : Next t o probity and knowledge in a magistrate,arcbonestyandabilityinthepoliceofficersattachedtohiscourt. They are the executive ministers of the Justice. They execute his warrants and gather evidence. Their duties are vairous, aad their successful performance df-pends mainly upon intelligence and activity. In the execution of warrant* the officer acts ha mort cases beyond the ob««-rvation of the justice, who has no guaranty that he win re»form h>« duties effiHLent'y, except Ms knowledge of the officer's chatacter. T o become expert in trac-Work House.—The Superintendent reports that, in" her mother, also stepped under "this chuppe, as it is in a state of delirium tremens. . called upon to perform a duty which was at onceThe history of 58 females, who arev lame, blind, and pleasing and serious; pleasing to unite tw o loving otherwise unable.to labor, has been referred to theARMY.. The barracks at Sacramento, CaL, have been rein- been made with Bachman &• Rushby for the employ- them to grace a new home." Addressing the bride,AND NAVYINTELLIGENCE.SuperintendentoftheOut-DoorPoor,astothebest deposition to be made of them. An agreement hasfor distribution among such stations as need them in the northern eection of the Golden State.Recruitingforthearmyisnotverybriskatpresent.Morse & Co.. $1,250; Tuomey &E!der, $2,250; FelixCampbell, $2,300; Blake, Wheelock & Co., $1,200; indomitable baeie—love and duty." His address wasHunter, Keller & Co., irregular. The contract was short, but impressive. Then he descended from theowing more to the dthnqueitcy of officers than of men. dead. bouquets. A t 4 o'clock the grand feast took place at In order to fill vacancies occurring in the medical—A correspondent of The Journal of Commerce Of eleven courts which have convened within a. few staff of the hospital, the Commissions by advertise- the City Assembly RoOms, in Broadway, and a mag-writes as follows from Marshfield, Mass.:"As you know,themostof Mr. Webster's 1,700-acre farm has been sold. The same is true of his large stock of cattle. His mansion still remains in possession ofmonths at the different; poets, eight have had officers ment to the medical profession invited application from nificent affair it was. Unger's Brass Band discoursedbrought before them.The United States troops' at preeent in the Washoeare 1st Company 3d Artillery (acting as Infantry), three companies 6th Infantry, and a company of the 1st Dragoons. Another company of the 6th Infantry is under order to join theee, but had not left San Fran- cisco at latest advices..1,147 IslandHospital,fromAlms- 83fine music, and " all went-merry as a marriage bell." Prominent among the persons preeent were: Mr. J. Kapp and lady of Americus, Ga.; Mr. G. Mayer of Albany, Ga.; Carl Anscliutz and lady, Mr. W . C. Coffee, Mr. HeBS, and Mr. Jay of .Park-place, Mr. Friedlander of Murray street, Judge Van Cott of this city, Mr. Lewis, President of Butchers and Drovers,' Bank, Judge Benedict of California, Lyon Isaacs and ladyofthiscity,andMissJaneIsaacsofSt.Mary's Hall. The festivities were concluded at an early hour.PROBABLE MURDER.—Coroner O'Keefe was sum-The new recruitirg establishment at Louisville, Ky., hasprovedusefulthusfar. Itwasopenedasanex--medical students, graduates from colleges of eminence, and to preeent the testimonial as to their qualifications direct to the Board. -Several have been received and are under consideration. .,Total.... Died..Discharged..Sent to Blackwell'i Island 8entto StatePriaonNumberremainingAug.,251860/.•'. 9,970 . 45.1,745 .4691 0 - 2,269 7,701••••••7,717AHEBREWWEDDING—AweddinginHebrewhigh•pronouncedthemmanandwife. Thebridegrooms and bridesmaids were:Colored Orphan Asylum... 137 sition of Henry- Bock, who was dangerously ing cTimrpals requires the exercise of faculties that few intui-18 stabbed on.Wedneso*ay night at No. 62 East Broad- 7,701 way. It appears t^at Mr. Bock keeps a lager-beer saloon at the above place, and that on Wednesday night he went to bed early, leaving his wife in charge. About 1 o'clock, John Robertson, a barber, came into the talcon and called for a glass of beer, at the same time asking Mis Beck to drink with him. Sbe com- plied, and in. the course of an hour they drank several The arrival at Madeira of the new ateauvgunboat royalty, who was recently arrested on complaint of times together. At length Roberteon threw his armsAnother man-of-war is to be equipped for sea forth- with. The United States corvette Germautown, now at Norfolk, is to be put in trim for cornmission, andChildren at Narse City CemeteryTotaltively possess, and which are only acquired by detUled officers after ?ong practice. In view o f this the magistrates of the First District PolVe Court have remonstrated with the Police Com- mifcsioners in regard to the removal of Officer Barclay, who hsst been transferred by the Commissioners without the approval of the m/gistrates, from that Court,- and another officer whom the magistrates do not know, substituted in his phce. It seems from tbis remonstrance that the magistrates desire to have those wh» have proved themselves honest and successful officers continued ' at their Court, snd not removed unless for cause.Nothing it more denirable than to have cordial relations exist- ing between the Police Magistrates and the Police Commission- ers. Each is constituted for the same object—the suppression of crime. Without some feeling of mutual co-operation, many in- convenience** may ensue. W e do not wish to dictate aay coarse to the Commissioners or the Magistrates, but simply remark, that, as the reputation of the Police Court is in a measure in- volved in the acts of its Police, and at the Magistrate is held re- sponsible for oil that pertains to the administration of justice in and about hit; Court, he should in equity be entitled to some- weight with the Commissioner in the selection of his officers. In the remonstrance from Justices Welsh and Kelly, they say Mr. Barclay was a most efficient Officer;-that, beside M* ordinary duties, he was employed in the difficult ta*k of checking the op-Frederick W . Dietering of No. 30 New street, hadtook $300 worth of royalty, and paid the cash for it.uponlcekeduptoanswer.„THREATENING A POLICE CAPTAIN.—OU Wednes- day night, as Cupt. Caffiey of tb« Fifteenth Word was going borne,hewasaccostedbyAmbrose11.Oliver,whowaslat«*jr di#n:i»sedfrom,thepolice fcrce. Oliverdidn'tseemtorefiso his dismitsa), and threatened to blow the captain's brainsont. After foine words, the captain ane«ted and locked him up formother a violent blow in the-face, felling "her to the beaten that he hen. since W n conOued to his bed. 'the jpd'Oaer• -v.'.&•'•.'.•»•and u>y son i« entirely cured.•#• * ^aTM—*":'.t y •"•~*odrou* *'} ? *. ..•!'T0» **TM t Of#;*.#i www.fultonhistory.com 