 rthxxtry M the •kpbm ^ pah-b fast* CJ. and i-d^red»0 Kvedu ^ for Rfce.poaV r Mon-g h^m* *»•• alrra ^ I3t_ta loan Faith,ed, an<) l-aiber- k>^r of ?*. bnt «i ibted -n laon- * ClOO^Of.Tama- « i lfkd-a t>riek- o&c*fc>.- hand1 o - _n_ed «..* ear-tjti&g. t>.4. Th© it**, tO- if.* w h o >.n uaher .r. tbe* tuay bo ** _ristof) • it ia >» *o»mes :-- effect »!#•, had^i, it t o ayond a, : of tbean one. 'S3* tO *•-?<** i$e w *\the-d'T. ho lulriaa;*>]_ bo- 'osaat, «*<? hare • >n* tovitthO Vuy.the e&a&'fbe•Sg of tho wiofthorfitrvojly.:h imj ,ve tb*fjr», antl '*o*raizod! ira*eon- i" tailor:• ckets notice to . There. ice. Onfoand a/ •T;boand ich a** eaaeio- •mg that "• toghra ! rarceL^•POflOd ^ roardor.QTier h o 'od Mr*. ««r\ of a r a into aa«j which« Hewitt In those3-1 berate »omeI vi* GSM> iu which 1- would fi' A rest, •alk of »K*i»icioa MullinafcttJ thoro aocon- j**t, and •'-afy ia« ich ha Fot; Ida and ha ace, andI ruj&aelf 1 •• -XU0O*f toeVS- i not bo -riansre-•r**fajr. fe whiett &.' off inior.fromJ. '•metfoar bat- waj ia ion* aro M certainh%%held to ereate ? French•nth tho^ ia high >c r.aere- **->laia. *Warsawpergonal ters at tho raw made, t, nor wasv &-4/0^©dh/tae corpa' rnrxftstA was J.;-.eSher*. & troops of^ah-way» , rUtnr-t A'^chedin Legion 2'JJI mst~ Oti Of tWOw e<_>olttaaaPrirce Kapotoon on Thnwday, and which wasaumer-onsJy attended by Hungarians, Poles, and Italians, 1Any commenta on thia aubject from ua would be impertinent and in"bad taato- W( write jointly, becauai both joined the oonveraatlou. and were aimUariy affected by It.It remeina only for na to a«y that we boid, ouraalvea Teaponaible for any and everything herein contained. Should our apprehen- Mona prove croundleaa, or ahoutd we have been tne meana of warding off danger from your n-idat, we. in either event, ahaU bebe injured. For seme work the brush must be cut andcured quite* green, before the seed is mature. Then itisflcraped off and fed out at once. It is of about thesame value as hay. The ripe seed, cured for winterfeeding,isconsidered/byeomenearlyequalinvalueto hardlybehopedfor,nowthatelectionisoyer. : % pats.. We have never been satisfied that itwai worth»5steaming, and on overhauling, the center was in a state Union, meet with no response in this stronghold of the'ofdecay. Hisremedywastospreadthemoutuponthe VirginiaDemocracy. Thepeoplehereareresolvedtooppose the election of Lincoln by all fair and constitu-cellar bottom and cool them, and sprinkle with gyp- tional means; but if the people will that the reins of*> , [AdvertiaemeBt.]tweenK»000and50,000iscoaoamratodbetweenOa- p>ov*hiibeaHh).weWfre»form«dthatbehadtakentbetrain,arecontendingforour-firesides.Wemay,saysth•» Governor, trust our causa to the keeping of the Su- preme Dfepoeer of events. .Tbe me*sage was made the special ordsr. for Toeeuay no^u, and the Legislature adjourned. ' ,Tbe conviotion of the necessity of -secession is hourly gaining ground; :The .Federal officials of-^Gharioito^ are paid to have thwr resignations written. f ••'> ""'•.At the celebration in Savannah of the completion ofthe Charleston a«d Savanoah Railroad, the M«vor ofSavannah pledged 50,000 Georgians to rush'to the as-eiftance of South Carolina if coerc.d. Collector Col-cock of Charleston, made an eloquent disunion Bpefcb.-THEEVE0#ELECTION.. BY JOHN GREENLEAF WHITTIER.JKROM gold to grav, our m*'!d sweet day, Of Indian Summer fades too soon;.foHy,asitisveryliabletoheat.Itmaybecuredla the sun, or spread upon the barn-floor, or on a loft with a very open floor; and it must be frequently stirred 00 as to give it air..CITY ITEM®a»Birix's HEAn—Our report of the Cattle market shows that tbe news of tbe election did not quite UK the business, as some of the Kentucky drovers lu>pe€ it would; but, on the contrary, for the first time m many weeks, the Wednesday trade weirdecidedly fc«t-ana wa« en twit* for your town; that h«» la by pr tfenioh a mhool- t*»cb*T. »IK! wtw going to Som^rvflle.in order to Uke charge of y<*or v^opn •chool, oncer contract. We inqnlrwd hU ntmo.th* Aasttiaa army ia Italy eaa easily be increased to280 000 woo, and that tho now Gonoral4a-Cbief and about th« man? W e atat«*d that we intended t" vrrite to aometigtia %xA lt<-vere. • .,T A Wana'latter ia Tkr Cofogwt Gazette states thatthe Generals under his orders aro to take possession of their command* without delav.AtTrieate,JKX*rdi»gtoadMpatchin The OstDcutsdiePo$i, the Italianparty conridor thograntof a new con-diecrtet ai>d re«pectabl» citizen of Som«r»ill». and through him, w»rn that oommunity of thin Wendell PhUJjw ra«ca1. Our in- forn>ant, for private- reaaona (connecUd with his Boaton home, w e anppoMe), begged not to be preaaedany further on the aab- ject Knowlug that if yon were warned of thin achoolmnater, and had a Vat of the paaaenseu by the South Carol'na (whloh Hat we iunlote), ihat yon would' have no dfcmcnlty in idcutlfyinj; theinoividuai, we allowed onr Informant, the "Northern manBut tenderly, above the sea, ' 7HiKi^,^mte"aua;c8i^. . . .,,,' ^Sometimes the brush is cured with the seed adhering,bntlt is not as well, as it is more difficult to cure thebrush well, and it i« bulky and heavy to handle, andreally in the end requires a good deal more labor. It is ter than that of Tuesday. Some of the seDers though* said also that the dry brush scrapes much harder thanrjfchrtio* »s a symptom of TM -_ ." ' •In its pale fire the village spSe» : Shows hke the zodiac a spectral lance;The painted walls, whereon It falls, ^Transfigured stard in marble trance.O'er fallen leaves the west wind grieves, >;Yet comes the seed time r mod again;And morn shall see the State sown free WithbalefulWesorhealthfulgrain.Along the street the shadows meet v Of Destiny, whose hands concealTbe molds of fate that shape the State, . And make or mar the common weal.Around I see the powers that be,I stand by Empires primal eprings;And pripcee meet in every street,And hear tbe tread of* uncrowned kings.FRANCS AXD ACSTBIA --The Morningaays, that at a Wad of revolutionary levee held by with Southern pttnoiplea," to be aUent on tnia point.His Impri* Highness ia reported to have said, that if Austria cboold attack Italy, Franco would immediately ^cfeic waragainja her."Kr. Buchanan was toasted as the last of an illnetrious vthe advance, on the average, is equal to a cent a poaa* upon the prices of last week, and upon the lower grades more than thai. The continuance of the eoott supply next week will keep the price up, but tiat canPRACTICALSECESSION mWOREGON.' . WM. S. McCOY;When the Judge finished reading tue loiter, there•«' CsfWMwJ*"* of Tho K. T. Trtboc*.arose from the crowd a general yell of execration,with immediate Borosmonby S'ate action.cries of " Hang him ! "~ •' Shoot bim ! " An immense crowd assembled t lis eveaiDg, *•> theA s sron as t. could make my voice audible, I de- Congaree House, and serenaded Senator Ch***_ut. ^*» manded my right as an American citizen to be heard spoke long and eloquentlyt declaring the last"hope ofthe Union gone and resistance unavoidable. The speech was enthusiastically raceiyed, because ftlr. Cheannt was hitherto uncomnitted.It is rumored that Senator Hammond will follow suit.'. ' •Messrs. Bonham, Ehett, ex-Governor Adams and others spoke also in the fame strain. .half as much. Perhaps it would be if ground. The WINTER GARDEN.—To-night Charlotte stalks are not considered anything like as valuable as plays "Romeo," when Mrs. D . P . Bowers, the8au»A« Oregon, S*pt. 23,1860. Oar Legi^latara assembled on the 10th inat.,- and pro-Indian-corn stalks. If neat cattle are'turned into the' field after the brush is cut, they will pick off the leaves, but never eat the stalks. 80 they win if the stalks areknown manageress of Philadelphia, will make her first appearance at this noose, as the love-locm "Juliet."fferaldtbe advanosnearfy equal to half a cent a pound, aaft when first cut, and certainly the brush is more liable to the buyers thought it more than that. On the whole,osedtd to org«ma» the two Houses, byltha elecdoaof ' in eelf-defenee, and offered, if opportunity were given officers. Tho House succeeded io effecting a permanent m*. to vindicate myself from an accusation ao utterlycut and cured, and fed out in the Winter. About thebest use that the stalks of broom-corn can be put to isto litter yards in Winter to give cattle dry beds. Theymay also be used to make temporary shelter, or wind-breakers, for stock, or for covering root piles, or pro-tecting more valuable forage from theweatheT. They, proposes to narrate aome of the incidents audadvew- are not valuable for manure, and would probably beorganization, and the Senate a temporary one, when false. The onorable Judge replied in the followingthe La&e Democracy had theassaraaco to demand from largusge: i* You are a G—d d—n black hearted Abo- Hti<iMPu You come from Boaton, and that is nroot the Opposition a written"pledge that if they proceeded enough against you. You needn't try to vindicateto a permanent organiza-ion of The Senate, they would yourself, lor you can't do it."not go into Joint Convention for the election of United I requested him to send to Mr. Giers, and inquire for Sta»e Senators, without first agreeing that our ancient what purpoce I came South, and ask the various ne-groes with whom I had ridden hours about the ' Joeeph. or oar iBostrkms Dohtzon, should be one of country, if I bad spoken to them of freedom, or tam-the two fob* elected. pered with them in any way.This demand was met with the sora and contempt The Judge &nawered, " I know-you have done noth-it so justly merited; whereupon, six Senators, who a ing »miss as yet. You are more efy than your fellows lew hours before had taken a solemn oath to support in Texas. You want, to insinuate yourself into .thethe Copa&ution of tho United States, and the State confidence of our unsuspecting people, by pretending of Oregon, and to da thsir duty as State Senators, took to.be a teacher, and then by-and-by giving our niggerstheir departure for parte unkno-a n, for the avowed strychnine to put into the water ef- the vulaee."purpose of preventing an ele 'tion of Senttors to the When the Judge had ended, a young lawyer namedHark! through the crowd the laugh runs loud, Beneath the fad, rebuking moon;. God save the land a carolers handMay shake or swerve ere morrow's noon.No jest is this; one cast amissMay blast tbo hope of Freedom's year; /O! take me where are hearts of prayer, And foreheads bowed|in reverent fear.Not lightly fall beyond recall.The written scrolls a breath can float;The crowning fact, the "kiDglieet act Of freedom, is the freeman's vote.For pearls that gem a diadem, The diver in the deep sea dives;The regal right we boaafc to-night Is ours through.costlier sacrifice.The blood of Vane, his prison pain, Who traced the path the pilgrim trod;And hers whose faith drew strength from death. And prayed her Russell up to God.'Our hearts grow cold; welighlyhold The right which brave men died to gain;The right, the cord, the ax, the sword, Grim nurses at ita birth of pain. •Your shadows rend, and o'er ua bend,O, martyiB! with your crowns and palms;Breathe through these throngs your battle songs, Your, scaffold prayers and dungeon psalms.Look from the sky, like God's great eye, Thou solemn moon, with searching beam,Till in the sun of thy pure light ., Our mean eelf-seekings meaner seem.;Shame from our hearts unworthy arte, • The fraud designed, the purpose dark;YORUBA, CENTRAL A F R I C A . - ^ , sncceesfal explora- tion of this interesting country has just been accom- plished by two enterprising colored men, Mr. M. E. Delany and Mr. Robert Campbell, the latter of whomUmied States. The secession of these six tools (for Patterson mounted a sugar-box, and spoke substau-the Councihnen till this eyening.• i'''Senator* they cannot be called) leaves lees than a quo-rum la the Senate, and of coarse blocks all legislation,tho Coofttitution r*q airing a majority of two-thirds of Abolitionist teachers? .Have you not heard of theThomas Loyd proposes to give his thirty-three *•»- sons why Abraham Lincoln is elected, on the steps of the Merchants' Exchange, at 2 o'clock to-day.all the members elected for the transaction of business. All the power vested in the 8en*te, when without aplots in Talle^ga County, to poison the springs and muTder our fellow-citizens, all caused by the d—<L Yan- kees ? And now, fellow.citizens, into our quiet vil-anoxum, u to adjourn from day to day, and to compel lage comf s another of this d—n black-hearted crew to so attendance of absent meatbers. This they have incite our niggers to deeds of violence. The enemy isbeen trying to do, for the last'two weeks, the Presi- in «ur midst—what shall w s do with him ?" [Cries of' WHAT THE MERCHANTS THINK OF THE BESTTLT.— Meesrr. Fairbanks & Co., manufacturers and detdeaav in scales, indicated their opinion of the effect the elee-dent of the Senate having issaed a warrant, and dis-patched the Sergeant-at-Arma for the absentees. Butthe officer, to this tine, has been unableto arrest but« Kill him," " Hang hiin," "Put him through."] will put him through." Then, turning to me, he said, "Go back to them who sent you here,vertisement of three columns in THE TRIBUNE, Daftjr, \j Semi-Weekly, and Weekly, at an expense of • * • *$1,300.one of them, and he wae base enough, after plight- and tell them we wish no Boetonian among us. Fel- ing his- word, to return with hiTM in the low-citizens, all who are in favor of this.man's leavingmorning,j£ allowed to remain with his family over, this town in two hours, say aye." There was noTbe value of the crop is the most important consid- eration to thoee who may be tempted to embark in the business. W e have seen various estimates of the amount of produce per acre. We thinkihat a tun of brush from three acres is a pretty fair estimate, and this w^l sell at from $100 to $150, or it will make up about one hundred and twenty dozen brooms; and any man of tolerable skill as a farm laborer can soon learn hownight, to steal away. Woe amorning came the bird htd flown. JThe parole of "the Hon. Senator was not as potent as the mandate of Joseph, wnich has undoubt- edly come on Washington, from to breakup the Govern-' meatrather than have a Republican elected Senator. This outrageous, disunion: secession, revolutionary • movement ia not only countenanced by the'thirteen members of the Lane xhction, who remained in their seats, but at the State Convention held at Eugene •City on the 18th, for the election of Breckinridge and Lane Electors, they passed resolutions indorsing the action Of tho seceders. Tuns we see the effect of T anceyum, that the election of a Republican Presidentvotehathenegative Iobserved,however,that quite a number abstained from voting. Though they may have thought that I was unjustly treated, no one dared to lisp a word in my defense. .- JAfter listeniDgto other abusive and threatening lan- guage from the Hon. Judge and the byrtanders, and convinced of the utter folly of attempting to reason with an mfuriated mob, I consented to leave town.Much of the two hours given me were spent iu vain exdeavors to procure a conveyance for myself and trunk to Yalhamoso. Eeturning to the village from my fruitless search, I was met by a mob headed by lawyer Patterson, who commanded me to open my• • • •IIXEGAI, ATTEMPTS TO VOTE.—The following per- • sons were arrested by the police of the different Warefefor attempting to vote illegally: David P . Bryant, Francis O'Neil, James A. Sbauneseey, Edward Gles>» £ son, Henry Wilson, James Scales, Michael Smith,would be sufficient canst for secession, practically trunk. Refusing to do so unless by legal authority, itadopted and carried out in Oregon—bat for anbiher •<anao, which is evident to all of us here who have watofaed the boiling of the political cauldron for thelast two weeks.Kosher, the son-in-law of -Joseph Lane, a Federalone year in the State Prison, while a person who ac--Joeeph is defeated in the race he is now running, hewill be compelled to return to his Umpqua Ranch,where bis secession and disunion proclivities will be to give up my pistols. When I told them I had noa*glad to hide their hideous heads.weapon of defense, they seized me and threw me into a pond of .water by the roadside. The pond was one of those so common in the South—a mere bog-hole, abounding with venomous reptiles. I sank knee-deep in the mud at the boitorn. The chief ruffian cut a large poll, with which he threatened to split my skull unless I attemptedto walk across, well knowinx? that I could not extricate myself in the deep water. I refused to move, however, and at length my valiant assailants turned toPOTATOES never should be heated in the sun before storing them, and if they are, ahould be allowed to''••)n mm \with the desire that the citizens of the North may beinformedofwhatreceptiontheyarelikelytomeetin •leaveme,callingouttometogohomeandtellmyEighthzVTbQ fsaid Maynard improvement does notofthe.Enfieldrifle. 'importantthatpotatoesshouldbestoreddry/Wehave Gov.Wisemayaswell"comedown."the South, should duty call them thither, I hive con-cluded to publish a more explicit account of my recent gland, his eldest son, and Thomas H. Morrow, son ofDROWNED;—The body of an unknown man. in at really poseees all the advantages above enumerated, ^itlea the matter, for if the "Democracy" won't stand aailor'a dreaa, waa found floating in the dock at Pier No. 61•x perience of mob law in Northern Alabama than the presshasyetmadeknown.Some months since, an esteemed friend, and well- known teacher, W . R. Ellis, e»q , of Kingston, Mass., received a letter from an old acquaintance, Mr. J. J.Giers,ofYaXbermoso,MorganCo.,Ala., offering him the petition of principal in an academy at Somerville, in his neighborhood. This offer Mr. Ellis thought fit t o decline, but recommended me in his stead. Sep-the Postmaster at Somerville.Aftera time I succeeded,Godonlyknowshow,inreaching the house of Mr. Giers. He was himself ab-conducted by a number of the moat skillful gon-makera they kept first rate. We have an account now beforeto my health, and advised me to accept the offer. I at once, and arrived at Boston Friday, Oct. 12 aboutthe time that the distinguished Alabamian orator, Mr. •Alabama, via Charleston, S. C. Among the few Yancey, was instructing the Bostdnians as to their po- passengers upon the steamer South Carolina, there litical duties, and depicting in glowing colors theuwasoneRontonmerchant. Imadetheacquaint- beautiesofthat peculiarinstitution,"thedebasingance of several teachers who hadf taught and brutalizingeffect of which I had just been com-"Well! I have been in New-York two months, and have seen all I wi*h to eee with one exception."."Ah !'said t^e other, "what ia that?/'" M'Donald Clark, the great poet," responded No. 1 with great emphasis.enough" without the earth that it is not used. Potatoesrequire to be kept cool and dark. That IBthe greatest dwelling and found the body aurrouhded by a scorestarted from Boston September 3, for Northernin the South, and aUoded in conversation with them to my prospective situation at Somerville, butpelled so painfully to experience in the orator's own State.Such is my atory. All of the statements hereinBROOM-CORN.—-In some sections of the country, par- Clark raisedhia eyeB slowly from his plate, and, see- ticularly on the Mohawk; River, broom corn is a lead-good; old master. •P r o c l a m a t i o n .cautiously avoided any reference to the subject of made I hold myself in readiness to substantiate. Ining crop upon many of the farms. It requires the bestSlavery. On arriving at Charleston I took the cars, all essential particulars my tale is confirmed by an ar-most hospitable manner, Mr. Giers, who is himself a those who may be disposed to question the truth ofgravity to the Southerners, said:" I am M'Donald Clark, the great post."The Southerners atarted in mock emprise, gazed atand will give yon my result* ao far aa they may be of vain*. I have the honor to be, very respectfully, voura,J. H. AaMaBT, M.. T>» H. W . BOSTWJCK (late^of Corning), sole Agent, Metr^nraaanand, after a tedious ride through South Carolina andNew-York.ticle copied into The Charleston Courier from The Georgia, reached-Valhermoso Sept. 15, and was re- Somerville Democrat, which gives a detailed account ceived by Mr. Gi»rs aad his excellent family ia the of the occurrence. To thia article I beg leave to refer. Eighty-four years of prosperity, such as has beenslaveholder, recommended me to the Trustees of theSomerville Academy a* a suitable person fbrPrincipal,and in a few weeks I was dtly notified of my appoint-ment. I entered upon my duties Thursday, Oct. 4. •Kriday morning I was summoned before Judge Wil-ihtm H. Campbell on the charge of being an Abolitionemissary who had come to incite theslaves to murderand repine, upon the evidence of the following letter: . disposition to act instead of talk. The Legislature or-his pocket a quarter of a dollar, and laying it befoerClark, still looked at him wi'hout a smile.' Clark Beed.is usually planted very thickly. Must be care- earth with unwonted energy haa brought forth her .fruiCHAXUMTOIT,8.C,8«pt13,I860. ganizedandreceivedtheGovernor'smessage. Therein >>*. .Poard 1 To C*l* Rafter, Decatur, -wezr OomtrvilU.. Ala.: be suggests that the Lejgislatnre should, in view of theThe titter changed tea roar, and the Southerners til the heads are well' filled, but not dead ripe, when were misting instanter. [Binghamton Repub. the heads are bent down by a man walking betweenTHE IRVING SIAMESE TWINS, at BARNUM'S Mtraxmc oloae their engagement on SATT/KJ>AT. The Graas. Drama, Joseph and Ma Brethren, it also discontinued aftor tM* week. They,ahould bsth be seen. All the wonders aadmwet- tiea of the Mssenm axe visible day sad evtsaing.; See ad na.saws4. Oapt- IXSJUISXK:—Although p«r»oi>»jly aaaecpMisted with yon, w« threatening aspect of affairs, remain in session, and take take l***»o, OB a question at grwo public import, to com muni action to prepare tbe State for the crisis. He earnestly••Ii ''a> ii'w accidentally procured the folloiring iufurmation:^ T f / ^ s S S S f L d £week " the editor savB, "upon two occasions, fromour office we witnessed the playful pranke of severalantelopes, and again a sprightly fedfoxcame up nearthe enclosure, but cut and run when Toweer came in where under coyer. It must not be cured in the sun. do, on {hai day, abstain from their usual , ,.~.w—»"«»<-»- sight;aniceracewayhad,andbothmadetime,but semblingintheirplacesofworship,uniteinhumbleexpressionsCmth«Earopeana*a«. will be opened to-day, at 12 o'clocV m.s >. * x j• - WEtP ^AffiYS^SPPKia; TKBBSIM^lOWV . "'•"^<^Our rnformant h<»r« aaVed why we wanted tokDow»omuehgratified.Very reapectfnBy.CHXilLES XNOLEBY,resolved to fight., COLUMBIA, NOV. 5—12 p. m.A caucus was held to-night, at which it was arcir- tained that a large majority of the Legislature are fortially as follows: u Fellow-citizens, have you not heard of the horrible outrages in Texas, caused by the d —dwas broken open. Its contents were thoroughly ex-amined, and the sides ef the trunk sounded for con-cealed drawers. My books were ransacked to findsomething of an incendiary character. The newspaperswhich I had wrapped about my shoes were carefully not into but through the projectile, leaving the lead,of an article LOWbefore us, estimates the value of well-f'•liable to six months imprisonment in the Penitentiary. The officers making the above arrests are entitled %•> the reward of $100 on the conviction of the prioonesaDEATH FROM ViOLENCE.^-On Tuesday evening aw Irishwoman named Harrigan, living at No. 38 Lewisstreet, wae found lying on the floor of her room bleed- min tbe barrel. It was then found that the.iron was eu- here for y*ars, has been the prime mover in this out- Herald, which was first* taken for a Black Republican perfluons, and that if tbe breech of the projectile wasoffice-holeer, a man who has done Lane's dirty workscrutinized.' One of these was a copy of The Boston sheet, and when discovered to be a Douglas organ, waspronounced by the bystanders, " a d—n sight worsa than a Black Republican paper." There was also a copy of The Boston Traveller, with one of Henryrage. Be. boasted before the meeting of the Legisla-tor© that there could be no election unless their factioncould have one of them. And when it was announcedTo which are given the age of Heaven, The beauty of immortal youth. •So shall our voice of sovereign choice Swellthedeepbaeaofdutydone,And strike the key of time to be,When God and man shall speak aa one.AGRICULTURAL.that the Sergeant-at-Arms had arrested one of the run-aways, he declared he bad in his pocket the resignation Ward Beecher's sermons, which, however, ^con- in the rifled mnskets.in the United State? military ser-FIRE IS SECOND A VENUE.—The building. No. 8 ing freely from her mouth and nostrils. Upon exaaai-of twelve members, whim would be handed the Gov- taired no allusion.to Slavery. The nime of Beecher vice, and also in that of Great Bricsun. The name ofSecond avenue, owned and occupied by Swift & Schaf- I p ^ j ^ % fo^d that she was quite dead. mernor if the quorum in the Senate was effected. . Thecause,*Irepeat,isevidenttoashere. Josephis satisfied he stands no chance to be elected Vice-Presi-added to tbe excitement, but the climax wait reached whentheyfoundamongmvletters,onewrittenbythe Hon. Charles Sumner in 1$54. For a few moments IMinnie is properly applied to .the above mentioned pro- jectile,bntasanoblocg projectile waBusedinarifted mutket prior to the date of Minnie's mvention; and as the said projectile can be used in every description ofFrooK the evidences ofviolence upon herperson, itis<dent. He has therefore instructed Hosher to prevent thought my time had come.by ady means the election of Senators—intending, TakiDg what papers they thought suspicious, the mob i small arms, it is not proper to apply the term Minnieposed that she had sustained a severe beating at thewhen defeated in his present race, to come baek to left, carting me with the foulest oaths that ever dis- rifle to the rifled musket: In England, the rifledhad caused her death. Patrick Harrigan, the huafouULbe dangerous indeed.There can be no donbt that the maadato to break uptho Legislature comes from Lane. It is organized and managed by men, who hav* been elevated to offices of trust axd emolument at his bidding—by men who have always been hie devoted tools. Toe Surveyor-General, the Superintendent of h dian Affairs, the Register and Receiver of our Land Office have all been aiding and abetting, while his son-in-law, Hosher, has openly from time to time, proposed the terms, upon Which these renegades should leturn. I-think the result will be to thoroughly repub icanize the State. When ournumberless oaths with which the Alabamiaos seem wont to garnish their elegant speech, but which I do not care to repeat, he asked, "What sent you down South to murder us all?" 1 told him I came by invi- tation of a slaveholder, and if they would go with me I would prove my innocence of any design against their slavesC This was received with jeers.requiiiig cleaning! ,Second: The Maynard improved rifled musket cando right as Boon as the right ia pointed out. Many driv- ers of oxen put the lash on first, before asking their pa- tient teams to move. Thia is a epecies of barbarismCograced human lips. n u*ket in termed the Enfield rifle^ simply from the fact On collecting my scattered property, I discovered that tbe Government Armory where these arms havenecting with No. 8 in the form of an L, was burned was arrested and locked up to await the result ef tn«sent you, we will let you go scot-free; if not, we willnow depend upon their hiredhelp to do the main work, tion, put np in paper cartridges, whicn is used in the erly done. The merciful man is merciful to his beast."askmg for their diplomas.,pleased, but I should not perjure myself. As I re- mained calm* and evinced no fears.of death, the vil- lains supposed that I was armed, and commanded meEnfield rifle.Sixth: "Phe metallic cartridges used in this MaynardTHE. GIRT.S VOTING.—On Tueslay the young ladiee of the Twelfth-street (Fifteenth Ward) School held aa election in due form, at which 225 votes were cast. Four were for Breckinridge, 12 for Douglas, 18 forTHEof The N. Y.Northern friends that they would hang any one who.REIGNOF TribuneTERROR.To. * * Edjt*SIR: At the urgent solicitation of many friends, andtbe user are upon bis enemy or upon the game of which he is in pursuit.kept through the Winter and until sold, and at onceWe were indebted on Election night, to a brace of Wide-Awakea (L. B. Pages and B Taylor, jr.), in the employ of the Empire Coal Oil Company, for a barrelcame down there. The ruffians were Charles En-sent, but the Christian kindness manifested toward mewill never be forgotten by me. As my assailants had threatenedtoburndownMr.Giers's houseifheshel- tered me, word was sent to several planters infewyearssince,aathe ''MadPoet.' Duringthelast years of hi* life, Clark was made free of at the Astor. AiBArrr HoarrrAn, May 14,1068.mynarrarive. ikxfcw, Oct. 17, I860."WILLIAM J. BREWSTER. . .//State, we have ao peculiarly enjoyed during the.year which now approach ea ita oloae.PLANS OF THE:/SOUTH UNIONISTS.DISprofiifiion, and Commerce and the Mechanic Arta have contributed liberally to tbe common proaperity. Secure in peraon and pro- perty and In the enjoyment of the higheat civil and rehgioua nb- erty, all classes and profession* have pursued their several voca- tions undisturbed.While blight has fallen and diminished the product* of other lands, the labor* of onr husbandmen are rewarded with abundant return. While the passing year haa witnessed the oountriea of theOldWorldoonvulaedwithrevolutionsortremblingontheWard, return their thanks to Roundsman J. DBXAITBT, for alba prompt and oflloer-Uke conduct during the day of election.COLUMBIA, S. C, NOV. 5,1860. The Legislature met to-day. There is an evident;«- [Advertisement.]—Gov Banks of Massachusetts has appointed Thurs M» r-vto in- think adrlMhle. i a liu> pr«*ent •t*te of the political IworId. wn recommends, in case Lincoln ia elected, an immediate day, the 29th of November, a day of Thanksgiving.of events which crowd th© present hour, we are made to feelthat He whom we should bless for our happiness and marvelous ment..' .prosperity ia also working out a brighter destiny for other na- «______a>____M_-voted for&4$h,who tiia4ed at W/um to>ay.•/"' states e>Surgea nod at tho aataaava *'rWoch, ia*fldisxor- •y*toratioa ijriao.*?y New* ata-ttaidor 'ree Scato ghi of ea-ie Warffka *»yt £• unr. TaaT>* of jfco-hold th*t Sonthera nwu ahould fc«l their Interests to be identicu] call of a Convention to determine the mode and meas- <sa th«-y are), »nd feel boand to do UY that fraternal regard |dic~ ure of redress. He says he, individually, considers se- t«t<»»fortneirmuttuUwel/ax»andprotection.,•'.,%, ' Jc*to certain fact*, which, in yoor ducnedon, you m*y uae «» youCAROLINAraised the quarter in silence and dignity, placed it in his pocket, drew thence a shilling, which he deposited be- fore the Southerner with these wordB:"Children half price."proprietorofTheHuntsman's Echo, aaheetprintedinrived in our city, by the •te^nwhip South Carolina, from Borton, show the secession of South Carol na would instantly Nebraska, presentaJsometimeB etrange sights. "Last inches of the stalk attached. The bush is thrown-inIn humble acknowledgment of these and other mercies, in- „ ^ ' [Adv*rt«»»*nt.JS. H. CROOK'S HvwHorax,',-><y^texday,Incottveraationwitharentlemanwhohad Inatar- cessiontheonlyalternative left; thatthe indicationsthatcanbeused—cuttingoffthebrushwithsixoreightfinite innumberasthey are altogether unmerited, we ahould reverentlybowonrspiritabeforethethroneoftheGreatRotor •f the Univerae. _,line. ; ; <',"•'; ' • ' • ' . . ' ' .There is the greatest enthusiasm for a Southern Con- federacy. Every hat has a cockade,' and all minds areTHEMAYNARDRIFLE.turee of his travels iu the form of a lecture, thfe (Thursday) evening, at Shiloh Church, Prinoe a a * Marion streets. He will exhibit many curiceities, an*Correapoodence of Tbe N. Y. Tribune,WASHINGTON,. Oct. 25, I860.Having at my command ample means of gmug re- liable information upon the subject of gun-making, and ••specially of some important improvements in small- arms that have been quite recently invented, and snowing that your citizen roldiery are deeirouB of ex- celling all tbe world in everything that will add to the efficiency of their respective corps, I doubt not that a short artie'e upon the above-named subject will interest not a few of your readers. .It was formerly supposed that accurate shooting could only be attained by the use of a very lieavy rifiey and that 300 yaide "was the. utmost effective range that could be. obtained with the heaviest small-arm that couM be produced. But, in quite recent times, it has been discovered that to attain long range shooting with small-arms^ it is not necessary to. use a heavier weapon thao the modern infantry mvsJcet. T o attain a range of 1,000 j aids with this arm, all that is neces- eary is to slightly rifle its bore, and then use therein, with the requisite charge of powder, a projectile of the projyer shape and weight, viz: an oblong projectile,haying a conical head, a cup-shaped butt, and weigh- ing about an ounce and a half. The explosion of the charge will perfectly slug thia form of projectile, and thereby destroy its wirdage, and cause the entire force of the powder to act efficiently upon the projectile.This form of projectile was first used by Major Minnie, but he inserted an iron cup into^its hollow butt, on the supposition that the cup, being driven into tn« projectile by the force of the powder, would expand it, and deetroy its windage.The principle was excellent, and it has brought about a revolution in tho small-arm departments of tbe service of all the leading- Governments of Christen- dom ; but the mode of carrying it out; by means of an ironcup, was ceffective. The cup was frequently driventhe meet soas mulch. It is the most common practice to let the stalks stand till Spring, letting' the stock pick and trample what they like, and then cut and burn the remainder on tho field."Scraping off the seed is a laborious job. A machine has been extemporized for this purpose, and is described as follows: .* M Take an old fanning-mill (a new set of wheels in astrong frame, ao that you could use a balance-wheel,would be better), pat on two plank wheels in place ofthe fane, then take slate of the Iepgth you wish to makeyoor cylinder, three inches wide and three-fourths ofan inch thick, hollow them a little at the ends so as tofit the wheels; drive eight or ten wroucrbt nails througheach slat, and nail them to the wheels with the pointsout, branch a way that the nails will not be in etraicrhtrows around the cylinder, but bristling all over. Oneto turn the crank pretty smartly, one to hold on thebrush in handfuls. and a" boy to band it up, will scrape ticn of Lincoln will have on trade by inserting aa ad- two or three wagon-loads a day."hollowed out. or copped, it would expand quite suffi- ciently. This oblong projectile, having a conical head and a cup shaped bntt, is the one which is popularly known as the " MicniebaU,'" and is *he one now usedSXlthose he has so often gulled, and God blese them intoelecting him again. But I am of opinion the.lastfeatherhasbeenplacedonthecamel'sback,andbeforethis leaches yon 1 hope the Pony Express will bring there was of an incendiary character about my shirts I the explosion of a cbarp,e of powder oi one tenth of less act of barbarism to whip oxen. The best drivers occasion, and the supposition is that it was set on firethat several articles of clothinsr were missing. What b«en largely produced, is located at Enfield. ,•Whenthrownfroma rifled musketbytheforceofdown the other night. The building on the avenue Coroner's inquest, which will be held upon the bedfescaped, through the exertions of the firemen on that you news of the imprisonment of the six recreant Sen- cannot imagine. I trust they may have been the means its own weight, the above-mentioned projectile has the use the lash tbe least. Upon this point hear what the last night.ators, and then we will *ee if oar Governor dare to re- fuse to order an election to fill their places.of bringing clean Knen into fashion in a region where, enormous range of 1,000 yards, a greater efficientaccording to my observation, it is seldom seen, •*-'•-•:. range than is attained by the beet field artillery, and editor of The Massachusetts Plowman says. It is good '• . . »I finally bargained with a person to convey my trunk yet it is open to the following objections, viz.: after sense, and every farmer should think of it: SCHOOL FOR THE BLIND IK MAINE.—Dr. Byron will be on exhibition at Schaus's, No. 629 Broadway, -addressed by Col. E. D Baker, Ben Harding, l>r. to Yalhamoso on the following morning, and imme- firiug bnt a few shots comparatively, say 20 or-^25, " Thoughtless men will whip, whip, whip. They Merrille commenced some two years ago to arouse tbe for a short time. This portrait ia universally cenosdedA large public meeting was held last evening and"Wi'liame, and others. ai>d the sentiments and feelings diately set out for that place on foot. Exhausted in from a rifled musket, its bore becomes so foul that it is do it from habit—a very bad habit; ana we find it diffi- sleeping energies of the public of Maine upon thia im- 'manifested show conclusive'y th*t tho days are num- body and sick at heart, I dragged my weary limbs, un- impossible to load it again until after it has been cult to correct that habit. We are trying to teach ourbered for which the LaniO-s can have the power to der a broning mid-day sun over the rugged mountain cleaned. And, again, the bursting of the thin sides of hired men better manners than to put on the whip be- portant subject, and has, by industrious labor, suc- block the wheols of tho Government of this State. road. I had gone about three miles, when I heard a its butt, at tbe instant of leaving the muzzle of the fore giving an invitation to the brute animals 'to go.' ceeded in starting a school. It is established entirelyto be the most spirited likeness of our next Premdeajtextant. :„.,:: a>THE WILSON TESTIMONIAL.—Additional snbsorqa-This is the first general session of our Legislature hallooing behind me, and presently three men upon gun, renders it impossible to attain accurate or urn-'We nave oxen that will 'go' as soon as they are in- by private donations, and it is presumed that continuedsince oar State organisation. Many important inter-ests are suffering for tho want of legislation. Thevital interests of the people require us to be representedm Congress, instead of beingmisrepresented, as is no wthe case; and yet six men. claiming to be Democrats,have, by their actions, ignored the interest of 50,000people, and set at nought tho great fundamental prin-ciple of a Republican Government—that a majorityshall rule. I want this to go to the people, that everyman who has a vote to cast in the coming election maysee the propriety and absolute necessity of hurling frompower the corrupt and unscrupulous man who has beenthe first to inaugurate secession, instead of helping toelevate him to a position wheieauch principles would talk with him a spell first." Accosting: me with thevited, without the indorsement of the whip. Yet we efforts will be made to sustain Dr. Merrille in.thia tiona to testimonial for Cant. John Wilson of the brig MiMt* find it a difficult matter to control the whip: It is Bure- Schifier, banded Into Meaara Howiand 4t jLrpiuwall:horseback rode up at full speed, ordered me to ssop,and dismounting, approached me. One of them, whoform, shooting with the aforesaid Minnie projectile.Tbe form of proj°ctile with •which the most" uniform lv a savage practice to apply the laeh before inviting laudable enterprise. The Maine School for the Blindand accurate,shooting has ever been attained, is one of is locatedin the town of Unity, at a house known aa Brenh'imer TBroa ..........$15 Backet. Belcher It Co.....$» an oblong shape, having a conical head and a solid the animals to move by the proper words. Yet we see SclHemnn & Stillheimer.... 10 J. P. Paaliaon.............. BSheld in his hand a long leather thong or lasso, with aslip-noose at the end, Boid: "We are come to hangyou, so now prepare yourself." I replied, "I ambuit. This form of projectile is the one used in an im- that this is averyco mohpractice of. those who are tbe Huaaey-place. This locality ia situated between Smith fcPatuck15 WoodrutTk Robinaon 20 Chaa. F. Taggready," and folding my arms, awaited the result. Af-not owners of the catu.d. When the common whip-lashthe towns of Augusta and Bangor, near the center of H. &TXVI. Vs. p > t » » « » a n f *'«»»»< m"++the State. The school is now open to receive all who HalcaHb«a& Hcrafeld Bo]in it Sand>rM 10 a t&M25Owen Tyler&Co......... IS 25 Benj. W o o d . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . a tter the outrage and indignity I had already suffered,proveisent on the mmket which has recently been in-*' Ch&a. Stillman15 Ivea. Beeoherfe Co10 S. M- Carpenter—...,25 Jaa O. Grady . . ; . . . . , . 1* 25 ELFHonae t»worn out by anxiety and bodily fatigue, I felt in thevented by Dr. Edward Maynard of • Washington, D.muzzle-loading musket or rifle, at an expense of less load up bill, before the cattle have ever been taught tosame passive state which a man sbmeumee feels on theeter, is used on the noses of oxen, to make them back a desire to attend. The pupils will be admitted, in board Peter S. Marchdeck of a sinking ship, when the last hope of escapeand tuition, frw of expense.SECESSION.—About 50 atudenta in the medical de-partment of the New-York University, from Southern States, yesterday held a meeting to take into conside- ration the momentous crieia brought about by the elec- tion of Abraham Lincoln to the Presidency. After the usual amount of speech-making, it was resolved to adjourn until they should hear that one or more Southern States had receded from the Union, when they, too, would, aa gracefully as possible, slide d»wn tbe stream of seceeeion, and leave the College withoutBarbour Bros... RobertDillon...J. D. PhilKpa k. CohenJv.B. o£Clo................. TOabout to put their threats into execution, when the eldest, a man of fifty, cried out, " Hold on, boys, let'sadvadtages, viz: •First: The Maynard improved rifled musket can be'' Cattle must be made to obey—and the common lash,Finally they said, " If you will confess the truth, so liable to accidents as the Enfield rifle. that you come to stir up the slaves, and tell us whois not thought to be hard enongh for the backs and C. Thie improvement, which can be added to any no&ee of cattle, the walnut-handle; one inch in diam-hasdiedoutinhisbreast. Theruffianswereapparently- ih&afvc dollars, givestoarifledmusketthefollowing backanemptycartdownhilLor a switch stick, will be sufficient for breaking in. leaded and fired an indefinite number of times without But we ask for mercy on all cattle that are willing toTanjwcoti & Co S. T. & CoJaa. Muroby Hazard Powder23J T o t a l . . . . . . . . . S>4M 25lr^reviocu»lya'dtnowiedjed..8,9eS 101 . _____ 25) T otal...... >.$6y44>be fired three time* faster than the Enfield rifle.Third: The range, penetration, and accuracy of which all owners of cattle ought to prohibit. It ia soAnd smile away the bands we lay Profanely on the sacred Ark.To party claims and private alma, Reveal that august face of Truth,xripened seed, forhorsea, sheep', and poultry, higher thanoete. The stalks, when left to ripen tbe seed, are of novalue for cattle food. The seed ia more valuable, but of the offense charged. the brush ia not; that is most valuable when cut green,acd when the straw is fine, and retains a bright, livelycolor. . .WHIPPING OXEN.—Itisacruelandgenerallyause-to-day.Tbe portrait of Abraham Lincoln, painted from Hfa, at Springfield, TJL, June 14,1860, by Mr. Taos. Hich»VMURDEK Witt, OUT.—On the 24tb of October last. Mr. R. R. Randolph WMworking in hia lombar-yard. at the feet of Tbirty-eigbth Mreet, East River, and, for oonveulenoe, ha* lnid bia coat on a pile of lumber. Subsequently, he diaoorere-l that a wallet, couUininp; numeroua valuable document-, had 1 abstracted from cue of the pockets. No olue to the thief obtained until Tueaday. On that day, an Iriah laborer, named. Tbomaa Chvy, having been made drunk on election wbiakr, called at the hooae of John Murphy, in Thirty-eighth atreet. rnSSC •itting down befcre the fire, began to burn up vanoua ilnoiiiitenia which he pulled from hia pocket. One of the paper* happedbag to fall upon tbe floor, Mr. Murphy had the curloarty to eaauxdaav it, and found that it wan one of the dooumenta which had been atolen from Mr. Randolph- Clary waa immediately arreatdd eo-t committed to anawerby Jnatioe Connolly.ajiPICKPOCKKTS.—Mr. Gr. R. W alton of No. 68 W l - liam atreet hadbia pocket picked of a certificate of desoatttn that Park Bank, of $875, while in a crowd at tbe poll* on Toe*day. A young man named Jamea Brennan waa arrested for the offec-aa* and committed to anawer by Juatiee Welah.Mr. William P . Payne ef No. 348 W>eA Twenty-alx«t aareeC wbil* at the poUa. on Tueaday, bad hiao-^uket picked of a aflvaar watch valued at $28. .Charle- William* WM arreated on avapi- cion and the watch found in hia poaaeaaion. Justice Kelly locate! him op to anawtr. . ;;has been fully demonstrated by practical experiments, with the adhering dirt in a muddy condition, and yet it, the game ia up at once. Hear The Register .- River, yeaterday morning- Deceaaed waa about 40 year* «*Tshooting of the Maynard improved rifled musket great- na'ural for. people whom we hire from the interior, toly excels the Enfield rifle. .Fourth: The Maynard improved rifled musket ia not'use force in the first instance, and gentleness afterward,if at all, that particular care should be exerted in re-gard to the treatment of their cattle. .Proper driving is Fifth: Tbe Maynard improved rifled musket can be an important item in husbandry. So many farmerssupplied with water-proof ammunition, put up in metal-kill you." I told them they could kill me if they lic cartridgeB, at a less expense than that of tne omuni- it is important for them to see that the work is prop-improved arm, while they are but a trifle heavier thanpar. er cartridges, can be used hundreds of times withoutinjury, and can be loaded in the field by a common sol-. cool. The beet practice is to pick them up as fast as Bell, and 161 for Lincoln.dier.&evcnth:%Fh* Maynard improved arm can be loaded they are unearthed, and as* soon as possible get thornwithout changing its position, and while the eyes of into the cellar, or pit, or in piles, where they are to be. a>covered from the light, and in some measure fromchange either the shape, weigJU, poise or proportions the effect of air, particularly drying winds. It is not of oil to feed a Lincoln bonfire.TheRock- That the said Maynard improved rifled musket does seen them stored directly'from the field in a rainy day, ingham Register, promptly for the Tenth Legion,andBportsmeninthecountry.M'DONALD CLARK.—Everybody remembers M'Don-thattheinsanemovements and speechesof Ex-Gov. thefootof Eighteenth atreet,EaatRiver. Itwiarumored ttafcR.Men' in Virginia to resistthe inauguration of any Presi- by bis family, at a moment when I so much needed it, ald Claik, who was BO well known, in New-York,'a warm. In a few days he found his pile of potatoes dent elected by the voice and will of the people of theigated by the Coroner to-day.* vthe neighborhood, who came armed with guns. I Hbuse table, and often times this errant man of genius sum, say two bushels to a hundred bushels of potatoes, the General Government shall be placed in his hands,slept that night for the first time with a leaded revolver could be seen accepting its hospitalities • when other and then return them to tho bin. This brought the Democracy of the Tenth Legion will not be in-under my pillow, which weapon was given me by a no- doors were closed on his fallen fortunes. Every one ble-hearted youth, himself the son of an extensive slave-'owner, with the advice to shoot the first man who knew Clark by eight, and one day, while quietly taking*tember 4,1 received a communication from Mr. Giers,requesting me, if I desired the situation in question, tovisit the South at once. As I had' been suffering forBtxoG time from pulmonary disease, my friends thought their regret that I should leave Alabama with so un- site, commenced a conversation intended for the ears of that a warmer climate than ours might prove beneficial. favorable an impression of their State, but could notvolved in the treasonable purpose and effort to prevent his inauguration. Upon this point there is but onethem back to the condition they would have had ifshould offer to molest me. Several planters expressed his dinner, two Southerners, seating themselves oppo- stored on a damp day with the dirt adhering, just as opinion among all our people."advise me under the drcumstances to remain. I left Clark. One said:keep better if buried in earth, filling all the intersticee on Monday last. He was seventy-two years of age, between the tubers. It is because they keep " well and of late years had for his only companions a num-ber of dogs. The Picayune says that on the discovery of bis death, by the neighbors, a number entered hutweeka from the commencement of the treatment he toft that hospital nearly well, and resumed hia ordinary bnaineaa.In several other cases, which I propoae-to notice hareaftor, tsW water waa found to be very efficacious.The diaeocea in which I have found it moat naefol are an fal- lows: Ill-conditioned Ulcer*; Dtaeaaea of tho Skin: Paaarro Hemorrhage; Diarrheaa depending on an atonic oondtUoa of th* raucous membrane*. In depraved and impoveriahed oonditloaat ofthebodyfromspecificdtaeaaeaandfromiutemponmoe.Ihaveuaed It wither*** advantage in Hemorrhoids, FiataU, In A no and Petineo. Hezoorrbage* from the rectum, aad in sev- eral other form* of disease. *ing the attention of the table was on him, stood up,placing his hand over his heart, and bowing with great kind of soil—that ia, soil that would produce forty orIn my opinion, and in my practice, it ha* fully sustained tb» reputation it has acquired a* a remedial agent and tbe remarkmak* properties as m tonio and astringent indicated in ita cheaaloafito make good twine or wire brooms. There are ma- Wm. McGantry, John McCaffrey, Jae. McDermc<, chines ueed by broom-makers, which greatly facilitate J as. Slover, Charles O'Hearn, and Michael Doer*.the work. They coat about $35 each. Seme of the above are also liable for illegal register- The quantity of seed grown upon an acre we have ing. The penalty for the hitter offense is not less thaneeen rated as high as sixty bushels. We don't be-lieve that one crop in ten win give that. The writer tually puts an illegal vote into the ballot-bos: is 00b/fer,asachairmanufactoryandcabinetwarehouse,wasdestroyed by fire Tuesdayevening, and a loss of $8,000involved. The largest portion of the establishment of hands of an intemperate husband, the effects of whisk Messrs. S- & S., fronting on Houston street and con" We presume it is scarcely necessary for ua to say, S feet 9 inohe* in hight, and stoutly built.An unknown man waa found drowned yeaterday morning ajfc.UBof amanwhotook painstodryhiapotatoesinthesun, and he put them in the bin in the cellar while still Wise,-and his efforts to get up'companies of 'Minute be had committed suicide- Both the above cases will be lavuaithe plaster did. Who can doubt that hispotatoes wouldand a half of grown-up dogs and puppies, some ticking affectionately bis face and hands, and some others howl- ing mournfully. Two of the puppies were found dead near hia body, perhaps out of sympathy for their poor,fifty bushels of Indian corn per acre. It also requiresthe best kind of preparation by disintegration and m a ,nuring/and then the seed ia planted in drills or hills, Tonchsafed to this nation, ahould make na grateful beyond all tbesecret in storing potatoes. >I.,'•i '•»i••••.him in silence, for a few moments, and then amid an like Indian corn, at about the same time in the Spring, people of tbe eartb, and especially ahould wo render onr thanka- giving and praiae to Almighty God for the bleaainga which, aa aaudible iftter of tbe company, one of them drew from and it should be tended in the earne way, thinning outHotel Brdldloga, No. 574 Broadway.{Advertiaemeot.J A C A R D .•.:>7 ••••'<•rtwo rows and bending all the heads inward. It is thenallowed to Btand until ripe, but not dry, when it is cutmi • m II by a man walking between the same rows with a keenLIFE IN NEBRASKA.—The sanctum of the editor and knife—a large Bized shoe-knife is about the beet kindLbring about that of the entire South; and that if theGovernment attempts coercion, our solemnduty is to meet force by force; and he promises to carry•enbtocthopeeatottVioaaadiaW**?**"'9 *£* "fcBow-P— out the Convention's decision during the remainder ofienter/'dortStoSaotUgbljtouchedontte8tor«yqueadon. histerm,regardlessofhazard. Herecommendsmilita-WeMduTsJlywktd If ho (tho ^ g ^ ^ W ^ J * » f A ^ ry reorganization, and that every man in the State, be- Reyntrd thebest. A week ago, two grisly bears and It is frequently stripped of the seed as fast as it is out, of gratitude to the Great Author of every temporal aad spiritualOur informant, ammoedly «!> Northern mau.witd Bo ;,-«,«o^i, * N o r ^ n ^ ^ ^bunches by the cutters, and ia or ahould be immedi- ately gathered up and carried to the barn, or some-I do therefore appoint THim*n-.T, the TvrairrT-NnrrH DAT or NovxxBKR N*XT, aa a day of Pnd*e, Thanksgiving and Prayer, to Almighty God, and"I recommend that the people of thia StateNo. 74 Chatham-st.Ko.74ciplea," related thaton the voyage ftwm Bcetoo to Cbartertpn he had an " •mu«ioe fenow-pa»»eng«r, a Ihre Yankee," Uc. In de-[Adyertisemesitl' ' 'Ktfa»g5i The answer was immediately given in the** «r«rda: three large wolves hove in sight and played rounxl on and spread all through the barn, over the hay and grain r^SfciS^SST?rZutar GarrUonTh end* PMllip.^n." tweentheagesofeighteenaadforty-five,shouldbeAbo. that "he «H*gnited every on* on board; and if he had not armed by the State with the most effiotent weapons of il e prabte ava eafe distance; the same chaps probably, lofts, or under sheds, or tied in bunches and hung ifheinvtfy a** on tho pa****, would have beenwhipped ho- that made a tender meal from agood sized calf of ours,Inwitnesswhereof,1havehereuntosignedmynameand affixed tbe Privy^Seal of the State, at tho City of Albtjoy. [r_ s.] this first day of October, in the year of oar Lord oneE. E. H. THE PRINCE or WALESand SOOT aft BKSJDT'S NATIOMA- Pomta-JtT GJOUJMX,Corner of, Broadway and lOth-st , Taa OBXTGAXX»BTXHT_O«UarxaHonored wtth a 8peo**l Vhtt by tb« Photographs of EL R EL.*• It-ate of W«4M" l ^ h V w u j h e d Chaxfcton^ Uooatoqni ing where t e wa. modern warfare. He recommends raising immediately that had been running oat. The buffalo have taken7 against the walls. ~ .^iyhWttS2b»toB(for w . bad h W a « e ^ to convince u», ten thousand volunteers, to be in readiness at the shori- onr cwtttioo,mi.far*ffvweekstoy©»<rttroubledoa. Theseed tfcatis totoeared mart frobandltdcare- ' 2. '•'•'' • -• B T » « Governor, EDWIN P, MORGAN. Judretry thought that the »•• TT7»*» back to Bootoa would in- cst notice, with other prepajwUons, conjotau that wu••:,•'•'••''.•*•„.,.<;>.v•' ' ••^^%g»?Untitled Documentwww.fultonhistory.com_Saj_a_g__t•;' --uthe plants, which will probably grow in excess, as theTbe public health haa been preVThe Inspectors of the MIth Election District of the I T *fully attended to at the first and second hoeing. When the broom-corn is matured sufficiently, the heads are bent down before cutting. If the seed is to be saved in a mature condition, the corn is allowed to stand un-(Signed)JAMB* R o s e a , P_THJtCK ComLB, JOHjrDWTB-U •-' •*:-—•rt# ?Mr. OLCOTT—Dear Sir: I have naad the " Oak Orchard Min- eral Water" qittte extensively during the past Winter, In n*Jt> vate practice and in the Hctpital.My first patient had a large Phagedenic Ulcer, extending fie— the hip to the knee. The water waa a/Lmialatered in tabie- apoonful doaea four time* daily, and the ulcer wa* covered wita lint saturated in the water twioe' daily. The improvement waa* moat decided and marked from the first day of ita aae, whH* th»A man of a singular character died in New Orleans usual remedie* had produced very little effect. In about five'By Hii Excellency, E I W I X D. MonoAX, Governor of the State o ansrraia. I propoae to ghre it an impartial and extensive trial*thousand eight hundred ana sixty. .•tow at Brady** Gallery.Copies is every s*yU of the art for aala. Galtocropasftpw#ao-J^»^ajt.!- • ., • >••:'•>••'••''......itS,• •> ••• .. 'v"•• *'••. ,.tiffi0SW$f',•:•V>.*si*)Saj'i7tt5aBa^ >*£&,{,, - ,; ••'.•' • • '' •a young African will be present in native costume. »1 m .1•.'CITY GOVERNMENT.—Neither Board of the Commoa Council had a quorum "last eyening. The Board of Aldermen was declared adjourned without day, andLETTER FROM J. H. ARMSBY, M. D.• . . •« • .; -.,,...,•- « , - ; ; - ' 7,J:^:..^.:^:^^^-i-Thomas M. Tryniski 309 South 4th Street Fulton New York 13069 