 I'm of , ffc«rat this vexed snarl. T h w I the House fcke the tes-irc AHermen s'a casfc, Unit. w. BoofeIR'secret Cnftal | spirit,audi and sharper* rcrse a great and that b e iblo. Afternd'oning them which it ex- £ the interesth-8 "proposed& members— V iCouncilman,bo New-Yorkr to do anyf intheway>uld the phina appropria-v ifl come t o jape of an ex- be deputed to >r the purpoee pd all fortheear people of mxdlvthinkitSTEWS.rRAPEL Ics.May9, I860., •cnoininatod t o i^-d 124 votes. iter's nomina-(fay 10, 186a >ra:ng reelected aoeratic candid- Hartford, w h o<»-:. last night, ;la* and his doc- m^cratic States ithern view.bn - d, in the Sca- the House, 169. .-?DV 10, 1360.iA«,torie3metthis' ed conclusion, Six members sfioii was patikered as pro- voted in, the a^d preventings usual, though as on previous contingency of?t the ultimate ly earn,- Kansas:ion. .ma States wfllr with,theNa-bx» Residential>-flupments were S.to-day. M r . ow the $30,000 a expended in the House, had oinpared with olis, which w a s>k k e e p e r . *>en distributed lr. Allen's office drr K. Hayof nt leisure, well Washington eor- ii.d secretary to Jommittee over-Mr. Hayre- ibution,andthe E?!y to carry'the t<Mldidnotde- >**en authorized thesepayment*. jg remunerated r which he had tent. He ten* lions with the >f the English«hifl as a substitute for"its vigorous and healthy measure*THE TERRITORIAL BILLS.There wasaboisterous timeintheHouseover the Tentorial bills, and exciting controversies onvarious amendments. That proposed by Mr. .Thayer, to establish Land Office* merely, and no Governments, was overruled by.the Speaker, and sustained 'by the House. Finally, the whole sub- jectwaslaidovertillSaturday,whenthefightwill he renewed with more intensity. There is a de-favor of sending a delegate tv dentforaboutthirtydays. HewouldsJiytothovam- Rochesterto'ciakehi«bowandsayhowdoyod,dor pires who are feeding on the life blood of the nation, and then fctum, «nd if the Presbyterian* deeired to" Take up your bed, and march." (Hearty Laughter.] make any reply, thev would be at liberty to do so. Mr-Henry proceeded at length in the same strain, de- After some furtbar £ood natured discussion, the mo- nouncing the corruption of the present Administration^ \ tion'to recommit was7a)<d on the table, and tne reportand urging an earnest effort to redeem the Govern- adopted. f meftt. ' AcommnmVationfromth.oBishopswaslaid b#*breBALTIMORE, Thursday,MayTO,1860.Half past Nine p. m Everybody is jolly except tne was, but a plain blunt man. He appeared before which was read and placed on file. .,.,iet. pine,tohnclnde any other reservation by the Government, or mineral lands. 'Mr. DOUGLAS (A. L. Dem., HI.) hoped that thesame privilege would be extended to the Territories aswell as the States. He thought the argument for thesettlement of one applied equally to the other. Theheaviest taxation in America is m, the Territories, forthe reason that the first settlements are sparse, and theThe Conference assembled at the usual ho.ur, Bishop •Baker in the chair.' •The credentials of Messrs. Sluison, Wood, and Hurl- but, delegates frpm tho Wesleyan body of Canada, - were presented, (and the delegates were admitted to seats on the platform. ,'.-...Among the petitions presented to-day were 56 for .achange of the rules on Slavery, and three against; infavor offhvy- delegates, and against the same; on the pice, some sixteen or eighteen feet high, and liurledtime of the ministerial service; in relation to a new then left me, supposing that I must die, and t o bar-building in Baltimore for .the Book Concern; in favor barons to end rav .misery by entirely extnignishing theof a book-publishing house in QnincY, 111.; in relation spark of-life'. This occurred near sunset. I had nineunless fia*election. Hi* ts-ea bjm a pos** ignored inthegaine specula* • >bornfactsh**eget the- Pacific from objectioo [ewillmakeso-ft expectation of I for the consid-u?o. . "•* wtll and.void «f ii*hing, protect- », was* carried nly, after m»<*the application, of improper epithets to his colleague. It seems to me that it is high time that all sides of the House, by general consent, pass a vote of censure. [Several voices from. Republican benches cried out, "Agreed."] I move, therefore, that the-House now censure the gentleman from Illinois (Mr. Morris).JLiOOmis, Lovejoy, MarBton, McKenn, Mc inight, McPherson, ljiHward, Montgomery, Moore (Ky.), More head, Morrill, Mor- 8.(Pa.), Morse, Nixon, Olin, Potter,r~Reynold8, Rice, Riggs, tbbinaon (R. I.), Royce, Schwartz. Scrunti n, Sedgwick,. Sher- ian, Somes, Stewart (Pa.), Stratton, Tarpan, Thayer, Tomp- ijis, Truin. Trimble, Vandever, Verree, W i ,de,' Walaron, W ul-ron;- Washortrn (Wis.), VS aHhburn (111.), Washburne (Me.),Vebster,-WcllH, Whitelcy Windprn,"Woo 1, Woodruff—105. >• NA YS—Messrs. Allen-, Anderson (Mo.], • Ashmore, A very, uiksdale, Bocock, Bonhaii), Branch,. Burch, Burnett, ChirkWe'had proceeded" thus about sixteen miles, AS nearly as my limited ideas of distance will enable me to judge, and I now lagged behind so muchjthkt m yrew impatient, and resolved to Kill savage captors grew impatime. They stripped me of my clothing, includi myshoes, and left me but a single garment. The "thenrox.ore may exert *Mr. ADRAlN (Dem., N . J.) agreed with the gentle- man from Ohio (Mr. Sherman) that the use of unpar-thrust their lances at me, mflictingelc ids in 1J-ADMIX.t hours on. *&& discussion wp** lr. Wiliiasoo'*Committee yc»" u bad aettkd f*>* n equal fbotioff Id have relieved n the West, W»»ajoxity,*****! jperfoctions^o** finally repoC^ ajaieeiaMe <w^unparliamentary and improper language.Mr. GROW was glad that the motion was with-drawn",inasmuchas the language complaineo>ofwas much milder than that they- h a d frequently heard ut- tered in that hall during tho present session.was denied.Mr. BINGHAM, m accordance with a rcquestof hisRepublican friends, was willing to postpone the con- sideration of the bill for two weeks, in order that it may lie fully considered. ' < •.The Democratic party was broken "on :the rock ofPopular Sovereignty, and the Republicans would bestranded upon the Irrepressible Conflict, while thevessel beaiing their fortunes,! would walk the waterslike a thing of life. He said hie saw last week re'turn-ingi, straggjlerH from Charleston. H e never saw suchdisconsolarie looking men, and Without figure of speech,unwashedJ Burnt brandy would not save them. He not occur agah'i in a life-time. He moved to recommit I found a little food, and some flour which bad been, '1 '.H edent's Veto Message was taken up.Mr. HALE spoke at some length in favor of Capt.Edwards'* claim. The subject was then postponed. Mr. YITLEE (Dein., Pla.) reported the House bill toto his eulogist, and immediately the noise somewhat abated, in expectation of what was yet to come.lawful for the Legislative Assembly thereof to providefor*holding a Convention to form a S ate Constitution,not fully represented, amijoridy of the delegation to determine how the vote.un "eprdscnted by districts shall'.rr-~'«'use of unparliamentary aad improper language,and tlluuiphrey, Hutchins, Irving, J.unkln, Kell >gg(Mich.), TjKellogg t-Tll;),. Kenyon, Killinger, Leach (Mich.) Lee, Longtvecker,IUvvs.. .13—••••• •in offering an amendment providing that all Terri-inated Edward Everett. [Immense applause.}Mr. Brooks of New-York followed, apd in the nameOf his delegation seconded the nomination.Various delegations through their Chairmen indorsed the nomination of Mr. Everett—each announcement being greeted with tremendous, cheering, and everyDr. L . D . Hkkman, brother of Bill Hickman of Mormon notoriety, wan shot on Monday laet, by a Ger- ' man named Harry Hazelly, near Mountain City. Hick- man ordered Hazelly from a claim he' wa« working", aiming at him with a cocked revolver. Hazelly climbedfrom the pit inWhich he was working, knocked rmtorial officers should b e elected by- t h e ^^Aiter mutual abuse, they both subsided. .THE TARIFF. •'people.Mr. DOUGLAS confessed that the bill was not what he desired, but it would be unjust to refuse what the opponents of the Homestead had generously conceded in the present proposition." It was much better than no bill at all.Cries of "Older!" ..Mr. MILLSON (Dem., Va.) move 1to reconsider the vbte by which the"main question was ordered to be put. I b wanted a record.to show the nahies of those whop Ould . forco a vote on the passage of a bil of thisGeo. Sanders, who is i I town, says Mr. Douglas will ran any way., The ratification meeting on Monument Square is lar je, and the Convention is closing np satisfactorily to pretty much everybody except to the aforesaid rr.achine smasher.To the Associated Press.•ft BALTIMORE, Thursday, May 10,1860.TheConventionmetat1)o'clock.•Tho Chair presented a letter from Judge Chambers and hope 'through the band. He predicted that thenominations would awake enthusiasm, and invoked a of Maryland expressing regret at not being,able to at- united effort in behalf of our common country and one'•MW|«» 11l*Utto'IHWp».lil>''M»JWK*!*»*»»;— S*» «-*• *•/&t****ts»jet&ti»yt.4.i#i%<w> m ^ if' been or shall hereafter become snbiect to preemption, nottoincludereservedorminerallands. KMewws. BRAGG (Dem., N. C ) , MASON, and oth- ers brieflv opposed the amendment, and it was rejected —Yeas, 36; Navs, 31.Mr. W ADE "(Rep., Ohio) renewed his motion to substitute the House bill for the Senate bill, saying thathewouldmakeonemoreefforttosecureaHome- stead hill. T h e motion w a s rejected—Y eas, 2 5 ; Nays, 30.Mr. WILSON was in favor of the House bill,but would vote for this bill, although against it in the pres- ent form, in the hope"that the Honse would amend it— making it a HomesteadinsteadofaGraduationbill, and adhere to their own measure.*<»^M*L¥Kr; GARNETT (Dem., Va.)—I hope that he gen-, THE UNION CDNTENlllOisr. successful in November.! He would like to be Presi-, MrMASON(Dem.,Va.)raisedthequestion,What cided indisposition to establish any Territorial would be the position of the House Homestead bill-^GovernmentsDuring this discussion, a personal passage oc-pression that a strong tbket had been nominated. Tho New-England de egates, as well as thosepartv, and.etrike a blow for freedom.TbeConventiontookarecesstill5p.m.A ratification mass meeting will be neld to-night in for the mines. The following summary of newi is-curred between Messrs. Kellogg and Morris of Homestead bill, but by its enemies. He doubted if it,Illinois, because the former anticipated the latter could, secure a dozen votes of the real friends of the Homestead.MT\ MONT'GOMERbY (Dem.,: Tt .)—It is. not the sive promises arc made t lat, with two Democrats didate for Vice-President. -.'•••' probably had reference to one committed early in the; tion. Contingencies may occur in which Mr. Foot the Legislative Assembly of New- Mexico, which es- • or Mr. Fessendcn, who have not been pressed by tablish, protect^ and legalize involuntary servitude, themanagers,maybepresentedwith effect. Mr. exceptanapunishment forcrime. Heaskedthatthe bill be'put on its passage, and. moved the previousBanks has never been considered in the category quest io*n.of chances, owing to the insuperable opposition of' . Mrl TAYLOR hDcm., La.) asked and obtained leaveAfter the final adjournment, an informal meeting cton,.Peyton, Phelps, Pn'or, Pi^gh, Reogni, Reynolds, Riggi*. Mr. Warner of Massachusetts said he came here to took place.in Monument square, where extensive doubt.Pennsylvania and New-Jersey in regard to hisFree-Trade opinions, and the fact that he is not . sustained by his own State..v T o Xh» AMociatrcl Pre**.to make a minority report.The House passed the bill providing for running theboundary line between California and the Territories of the United State?.Mr. GROW (Kep., Pa.) reported a bill to organize a Territorial Government for Idaho.Territory of New-Mexico, which in iny wise"protect, authorize,,jor legalize involuntary servitude, or the |nslavemcnt of human beings within said Territory,none such had been given., j.nd be desired that the dele- gaten should vote in their in lividual capacity.here as' imjwrtant, especially in connection with its fu- ture effect upon the Tariff question. The official .cor- respondence, emanating from the leading bank of Bel- •nuin, shows that this institution has consented to be- come the patron of the eotton planting interest in, Cen- tral Europe. iUnited States."Mr. KELLOGG,(Rep., 111.) obtained the floor forthe purpose of offering two additional sections to the bill, eignteen and nineteen, which he asked the Clerk to read. ^ •Mr.-MORRIS (A. L. Dem., 111.) rose in an excitedmanner, and proceeded to speak with great emphasis.His concluding remarks he addressed to his colleague(Mr. Kellogg), using violent gesticulations while he didso. He' said: " I desire to know before those sectionsor by virtue of any of the said sections of the j said Territorial acts."Tho consideration of the bill was ijesumcd{Mr. THA YER (Rep., Mass.) moved a substitute, reposing to create the Jefferson. Land District, with a lurvcyor-General, etc.Mr.'GRQ^y raised-the point that thfe substitute was not germane, and the Speaker sustmned this view An appeal from the Speaker's decision was tabled by seven- majority.bodyike.A,voice, "Bell."Mr. Morehead—I slionld i ay Graham.pointed, and the Convention adjourned to 2 o'clock. On reassembling, the Committee on Organization reported .John Gillespie of MadisOii County for Presi-The steamer Philadelphia leaves here to-morrow for !NorfoUc» and will bring up the Japanese, who will be allowed some days rest before the Government lavishes^.rictsj and opposing any att jmptjto silence'the voice .of .minorities.Mr. Stevens of, New-Yorl offered an'amendment that each-delegate Ue entitled to one Vote.Mi. Johnson of Pennsyh ania oflered an amendment that each district "be entitled.to one votea neat speech.Mr. Lincoln and the State officers were present, and,. -Upim them the honors now in preparation.were invited to take seats on the stand.Messrs. Sweat, Yates and Judd were then put inyhe bill passed by the Hou*e to-day repeals all "laws Slavery, and also repeals a section prohibiting theConns from taking cognizance of any correction that .. masters may give their servants.- ' XXXVITH CONGRESS. • PIE8T SESSION. 'SENATE WASHINGTON..May 10,186aA nnm'f^r of petitions were presented.Mr. GWIN (Dem., Cal.) asked to take up the billrelating to the Overland Mail, and that it might be made the ppecial order for Tuesday next.Mr. WILSON (Uep.. Mass.) ottered a resolution thatthe Committee on Judiciary be instructed to inquirewhether the Marshal of the United States for theSouthern TJHstrict of .New-York has permitted anyvessel to leave the port of New-York, or any other aughter, just, as it struck upon' the temper of gentle- port, fitted out for the African slave-trade, upon the men. In the midst of the confusion the Speaker's puvment of any sums of money to him or any one in voice was for a time lost, as he oalled upon gentlemen office, or any other consideration whatever, and that"' to preserve order, but repeated blows of the gavel the Committee have power to call for persons and upon the desk was an incessant accompaniment to papers. Laid over. the Babel of sounds that prevailed through tho hall.OnmotionofMr.HALE(Rep.,N.II.),thePresi- Thegentlemencomplimented,however,rosetoreply,Mr. Qomegys of Delaware said his State had but one Congressional district. fmd; the; adoption of thatthe public without embellishment: ", ," are read, whether they are to be open for'discussion ? i hx. New-Mexico establishing either peonage or African " If they are. I propose to show, when they are read,unanimous choice of the Convention.Francis A. Hoffman of [Da-Page County, wasnomi-NARRATIVK OF MRS. I.AR5ENA A. PAGE.was*to put the men who went into a new country first whomavcomeinafterward.Mr.Ricemovedto•partofthehall. ..**»Tlie delegation from Maryhind retired for-consulta- 63-agaii)8t102...Thebillthenwispassed,by105tion.-l... I. .-.'-.'...without Slavery.Supplementary resolutions favoring an economicaladministrationoftheStateGovernmentwithaviewto crying,andtellmethattheIndiansweregoingtokill the speedy liquidation of the State debt without direct me. They spoke but little Spanish, vet enough waa# 'modify his amendment bv making it read that the en-tries provided in the bill may be done on lands thathave been surveyed and become subject to privateWhen from the general chaos which reigned forsometime order was'partially restored, Mr. SHER- YEAS—Messrs. Adams (Mass.). Adams (Ky.), Adrain, Aldrich, voting, as the only delegate fr<j)m.that State, and he taxation, and approving of *Lyman Trumbull's course understood to awaken my fears and fill me with appi«-'The bill was read the third time, andpassed by the nagbitude without discussion. :demonstration Ofenthusiasm.Mr.HiJIiard,inbehalfofMr.Everett, accepted the (behead,Causing instant death. It5is reported thatMr. Morrill's Tariff, was rushed through the.House by forty-one majority. The Democracy followingvote: . .. ;Mr.BINGHAM—The Democratic^ side challengedHickman^sjpistol, drew his own and shot him througa nomination in an appropriate address. He rejoiced Hickman has a wife in Davenport, Iowa.on the Blue and Arkansas Rivejs.Mining operations will not fairly commence beforethe middle of May or first of June in consequence of re-common destiny..NeilS.BrownofTennessee followed, dndaccepted , Theweatherwasclearandwarm,the thermometerYEAS—Memr* Anthony, Bij{]»«r, Biugli&m, Bright, Brown, up to take a vote without discussion.tried the effect of sharp practice in withdrawing Cameron, .Chandler,'Chcxuut, Clark, Cluy, < jCollumer, Dttvi*, !Mr. HOUSTON-^We. said' we Were ranthat the Convention had to-day rejected the doctrine ofavailability, and appealed to the nobler impulse of ".jumping''' of claims.Dixon, Doolittlc, Dongl&vDurkoa, Fitzpatrick, Foster, Grown,Mr. Houston's substitute, which stood first in Crimea, Gwiri, Hule, Hammond, Harlan, Hemphill, Johnson challenged a discussion, riot a vote; but. you Have putMuch difficulty is anticipated in consequence of tha VNewdiscoveriesaredailvreportedatGregory'sand(Tt-nii.), Johnson (Ark.), King, Lane, Latham, Nicholson, Polk, vorder, with the hope of engrafting amendments on Pngh, Bice, Sebastian, Seward, Slidell, Sumner, T en Eyok,attj«gonus,andwearewilling to meet theissue. djm't- want the vote reconsidered.[Mr. CRA WFORD (Dem., Ga.)—I want to tile bill now.Imen. Theworkofto-daywouldsend a thrillofjoythat offered by Mr. Morrill in lieu of the original -bill reported by him from tho Committee on Ways -and Means*- But thesestactics were counteracted promptly,forMr.Shejrman presented a second substitute acceptable to our friends, which, being "in the nature of an amendment in the second-degree, c u t off the others.TrnmbnU. Wade, Wilkinson, WiMon, and Yulee—44. NAYS—Mettwrs.- Bragg, Clingman, Hamlin, Hunter ,'Mason,Pea) ce, Powell, 8iid Toonib*)—a.-Mr. DA VIS (Dem., Miss.) thought a better title would be, An|act amendatory of the several acts for thedisposalotthepublicdomain,andtoperfect-the existing system in regard to the settlement thereof. He had voted for the bill as a. revenue measure, which would restrict the Executive power over the public domain, and limit the time when it can be withheld from sale, and be an improvement on the existing1 ISeveral voices on-the Democratic side—"Sodol! >|>te!" v< .:|TheHouserefusedtoreconsiderIhevotebywhich tile .main question was ordered, and refused the Yeas aid Nays. j • •! |Mr. ADRAIN again called for the Reading of there ports," but this was declared out of order expept by unanimous consent.tend, and hoping that a wit e and patriotic result would beattained. '-.'AlsoatelegraphicdispatchfromWashington,from W. C. Hays Wouck, of Ne «--York urging the Constitu tion and'Washington's Far swell Address as a sufficient: platform. ;--;. ,'cent snows.:thenominationofMr.Everett. Therew.-u*nooneto whom the American people owed a higher debt of gratitude. He hoped the. word fail this year would note in their vocabulary. ' , Mr. Watson of Mississippi followed in indorsementof everv word said in eulogy of Edward Everett.Mr. Wheeler of Vermont gave the live votes of hisatnoonmarking80degreesintheshade. The snow is fast melting in the mountains.. M r . Stanton of Ohio, whose whole opposition laws; carrying many benefits. with it, reducing the uumber©1publicofficers,;removingtemptationstoQn calling the roll, deleg ites appeared from Florida* CommitteeonJudiciaryhadtakenontheproposition andRhodeIsland,whichv\erenotrepresentedyester-* StateforEverett.. jwasdictatedbyadifferenceoftwocentsonwool, corruption,andincreasingthedifficulties ofperjury:! again officiated as the leader of the Democracy, and subornation. He would not, "however, inovp toheretoforesubmitted'to"repealthelawsofKansas. ? JMr. BINGHAM was not at liberty to reveal thoacday.->••-.«. ,._- •;*:".'Jos; R. Jngersoll reported from the Committee onBu»ine8s the result of ther deliberations, which he.Mr.HillofGeorgia,in|bebalfofhisSt$te,indorsed the nomination of Mr. Everett.R. W . Thompson of Indiana moved the vote for Mr. Everett he unanimous, and it was carried by accla-but ineffectually. H e carried off a few othersidentified with that interest, but the Republican -^column maiuly stood firm, aided by Democratic votes from Pennsylvania and New-Jersey, and sev-eral of the Southern Opposition.Much credit is due to Mr. Morrill for his faith-ful and-efficient service in carrying this bill now , - when opposed by various obstacles. .THE CHICAGO CONVENTION.Newsmongers are speculating extensively con- . corning t h e candidates a t Chicago, a n d drawing"freely upon the imagination for them. The better ; opinion is, that the choice is mainly narrowed . down between Messrs. McLean, Seward, Bates, i and Wad*. Of course, others are suggested bytheir friends, who are entitled to equal considera-amend the bill.Mr. WILKINSON moved to amend so that the titletion of the Committee.| The bill was passed by 97 against 9), as followsNot agreed to.Adiourned.O P BEPBESENT A TIVES. after Saturday next.llimn,. Kdgertoii, Edwardu, Eltot, Ely, larmm-orth,! Fentou, divisions, by encouraging geographical and sectional Mftrry, Foster, Frank, French, Gooch, Grow, Garley, Hall, llel-riick. Hoard. Humphrey, Hntchins, Irvii eu Junkin, Kellogg parties; therefore,(Mich.), Kellogg (111.), Knnyon, Kilgor<\ Killinger, L<?acfiHOUSEThe House resolved to meet at 11 instead of 12o'clockRevolved, That both patriotism and duty require that they should recognize no-policy or pr iicipleii but those resting on the bropd foundation of tho ConstitiyKon of tho country, the Union of the States, and the onforceimait of tho lawn [gruat applause and she cheers], and that as repn Mcntative? of the Constitutional(Mich.), L ee, Longuecker, Loomi*, Lovejoy. Marston, McKenn, McKnight. McPhernon. Morehead, Morge, "Nixon, Olin, Palmer, • tion to assign the 22d and 23d of May for the considera- Herry, Petit, Porter, Potter, Rice, Robimon (R. 1.), Royce, Sfcraiiton, Sedgwick, Sherman, Somen, Spinner, Stanton, Ste-Mr. CUKTlS (Rep., Iowa) made an ineffectual mo- tion of the Pacific Kailroad bill.On motion of Mr. HICKMAN (A.L. Dem.,Pa.), the consideration of the President's protest was post^ poned till Wednesday and Thursday next.This being the day set apart for the consideration of Territorial business, a number of reports were made from Committees.The bill creating an additional land district in Wash- ington Territory passed* * "itfr. BINGHAM (Hep., Ohio), from the Committee on Judiciary, reported a bill,to diapprove and declare null and void all Territorial acts heretofore passed byviibnB, Stewart (Pa.), Stratton. TappanLappim,.xTponompKkilns',Train,Triro- UnionpartyandofthecouKtrytheypledgethemselvestomain-" that my colleague there has been playing the part of " a demagogue. [Laughter, cries of. " Order," andgeneral confusion.]Mr. GROW objected to debate, but his voice waslost in the uproar, oveT which, however, the'gentle- man from Illinois, with one of his terrible stentorian efforts, triumphed,, and all lesser noises succumbed for the time being, while he addressed his colleague as fol- lows: ' jI had been married but little over two months, and was living with my husband, Mr. J. H. Page^ in a Mr.Yateawascalledout,andaddressedthoConven- rudecabuvatthe.mouthofthegrandcanonleadingto•f !*•&.ep-.eh ontheRepublicanBidearenot-afraidoftheir bjwn bill.- HMr. HOUSTON—I want tho yeaaandnavs.Mr. VALLxVNDIGHAM (Pern., Ohio)-Let W vote oi it now.Mr. BINGHAM'—If gentlemdn on your shh) want a drectvoteonthebihVIanireadyncw.Cries on the Democratic side—Ag-ee—Vote -Vote. The main question was ordered. lJ Mr. GARNETT wished to know what action thesaid was characterized by jreat unanimity and patriot-be A^bill to extend thetime of payment by,the actual SYEAS—Me»«r8. Adams (Mass.), Al'<lri«l», Alloy, Ashley, Bab- ism. The report says,, tha; whereas experience has mation.' 1 • • *.. The Hon. John Bell is at the Lapierre House in thissettlers upon public lands, and for other purposes.bitt, Beulo,'-Bingham, Blair, Bloke, Bray ton, Bnffiuton, Bur- dembnetratco that all platforms adopted by political Mr Littell moved that; the President communicate liWawe, Burnhahi, Butterfivld,. Campbell, Carey, Caao, C. B.4-J O U M ••WEfLI. W,OM5WATEI>. \:rSpccialbispatoh to The N . Y . tribune.» «Mr. JOHN COCHRANE—(Pera., N. Y,)^-Ipro- the New-Yorkers, who. in\ their great', zeal to them to congratulate them on the nomination of John• . . From JPJKe's Peak.tt st against precipitating action on a bill of such great iiiportance. Iaskforthoreading-qfthelawswhich itproposestorepealBell. He found here a band of patriots, who were amash^hemachine,got ;horoughlysmashedthem- animatedbvnosordiddesireforthesnoilsofoffice. selves. The Convention broke upundertheim- Hehopedbiscountrymenwonld breaktheshacklesofST.JOSKPH;Mo.,Thnrsday,May10,18&>. Denver City dale* to May 3, and $6,268 in treasure.Mr. ADRAIJ?—I hope that there 4vill be no precipit- ateaction.•Ishallinsistonhavingthereports!read.•_ ThePike'sPeakexpressarrivedherehistnight•vritlrTlieexpre^umetinonedavonehundredteamsenroute action. It' is simply an enactmen; of the Wilmot from the South, are particularly happy over tho Monument Sqnare. • . • fnrmsbed by this arrival:I rovito. t am willing that tho Republican party shall nomination of Messrs. Bell and Everett. Exten- The Convention metat five. PEN-VKH 'CITY, Mav 3.—The reported murder at th* put in the presont form, not by the friends of the/ stand on that platform. -A motion was made fo proceed to ballot for a can- Smokey Hill Fork i*. nof credited here. The Indian*after this was disposed of ?Mr. TRUMBULL (Rep., 111.) said the bill had beenMr. KEIIT, (Dem., S. C.)—This snot a precipitateVilmot Proviso, but a Congressional intervention, in .the field the Union me;I will sweep the South. a gainst which the Democrats protestMr. Snrtzler of Missouri, after a few remarks, nom- Spring. j •PHILADKLPHIA, Thursday, May 10,1860. Cochrane, Colfax, Conkltug, Coyode, Dimes, Delimo, Puoll, parties have the effect to mislead and to cause political the nomination to Messrs. Bell and Everett. Adopted. citv, and preparations are making for a grand serenade>On motion, the Chair was authorized to appoint a National Executive Committee'of orte from each State. C. C. Lathrum moved the appointment of an Exec-utive Committee to reside at Washington during the campaign. The latter resolution was carried.On motion,' the present National Committee was retained.The usual vote of thanks to the President and officers 'is.), Washburn (111.), WaHhburno (M4-), Wells, Wilson, at home and abrdad,*and secure the blessings of liberty to them- of the Convention was adopted. ,to him to-morrow night./ POLITICAL.—We learn with great pleasure that the RepublicanmembersoftheConnecticutLegislaturehavenomina- ted for reelection to the United States Senate the Hon. L.,F. S. Foster. Mr. Foster's Senatorial career baai. VT tain, protect, and defend these p: irieiples, thua affording security hie. Vandever, Verree, Wade, vValdron, vVatBon, Washburn(raig(Me.), Crawford, Curry, Davis (Ind.J, Dejarnette, Etbe- ildge, Florence, Garnett, Gartrell, HarriH (va.), Haskins, Haw lifhs, Holman, Houston, Howard, Hu^hei, Jackson,' Jenkins*nen, Keitt, Kunkel, Lamar, Landrum, Lariabee, Leach (N. C ) , rgan, Love, Maitin (O.), McQueen, Miles. -Millsou, Mont- meiy, Moore (Ky.), Moore (Ala.), Moms (111-), Niblack.Pen-"""indom, "Wood Woodruff— 97.NAYS—Messrc. Adams, (Ky.), Adrain, All»>n, Anderson (Mo.), nderson (Ky.),. Ashmore, Avery, BH(rkn<iU>, Barr, Barrett, ocock, Bonham, Boyce, Branch, Brfstow, Burch, Burnet^,selveH and posterity. " • ' *Adopted by acclamation. '•']'•On motion, the National Committee was authorizedto select the place of meeting of the next National jjieen marked by diligence, judgment, and ability, show-action on one, which would be indicative of the fate of the'Others.Teturns. W e have no trouble in our ranka, from the the lumber business. . . . *Mr. Watson offered a pre visa that no delegate be de- Wabash to the Mississippi,, from Cairo to Chicago, the On the morning of tlie 16th of March, after an earlyThe Committee reported another resolution,that eachConvention. ^wng him to be one of the most nsefuPjjjhembers of'that ark'(Mo.), Clapton, Cobb, John Cochrane, Cooper, Cox, State should determine fo: itself the mode of voting, -Mr. Hunt, in a few remarks, tendered his acknowl- body, one of the foremost upholders of Republicanwhether by unit or otheiwi ie. This excited consider- able discussion—the minori ties of delegations contend- ing that irs adoption would place them at the mercv of the majorities, and thus stifle the expression of their individual preferences.edgements for the courtesy and kindness with which he nad beenrtreated as presiding officer, and congratu- lated*the Convention on the happy issue of their labors.Adjourned sine die.principles,.and one of those representatives of the pop- ular will who always command the respect and regard of men of all parties. Of his election there can be noobiiiKon "(111.), Runin, Schwartz, Scott, Simma, Sincleton, express- the sentiments of lis constituents. The reso- preparations have been in progress for several days for —The delegates appointed to- Chicago at the. Repub- mith (Vs.); StHllworlh, Stevenson, Slot t, Taylor, Thav^r,homax,Undenvood,Vallandigham,Vance,'VVebster,VS'hiteley, solutionreportedfromtlieCommitteewasoneofthebold agrandratification meeting,which,owing tothoun- licanState Convention held last week in Delaware•yVlnVlow, Woodson, Wright.—90, party tricks to place the niinorities under the control 1;The biUJprovides that all acts, dnd parts of acts, of theniajorities. If hisState had instructed him forheretofore }»assed bv the Legislative Assembly of the a particular man he would obey the instructions, butfavorable weather and the incomplete state of arrange- received no instructions, further than to vote as a unit. ments has been postponed till to-morrow night.Notwithstanding the weather, there was quite' a Some of them are favorable to Judge Bates, while large gathering listening to the speeches of Mr. Variaii some are in favor of McLean. "• A iand other members of tlie Convention. —The Massachusetts delegation' for Chicago propose except as a punishment for enme/ttpou due conviction, tee had any intention of pe •petuating party tricks. It Illinois Itepw&liean State Conven- to leave Boston on Saturday afternoon. They wvillie and are hereby disapproved by tho Congress of the was a mere question of expc(diency. He thought there tion. lie accompanied by Gilmore's band, and will remain at 'nitcd States, and declared to be"null and void, and of was no intention to smother the voice of the minority. i S T . LOUIS, Wednesday, May 9, 1860. * Niagara Falls over Sunday.o effect; [also, the provision relatve to-contracts In his own delegation, it bad been determined that" Mr. Perree of Marylan 1 denied that the Commit-Mr. CLARK (Dem., Mo.) gave notice of an amend-W ASHINGTON, Thursday, May 10, I860. ment to strike out the proviso. " Whereas, Slavery has elween masters'and servants, whi;h reads: ".No everyvote should bo allowed to indicate its preference. The Illinois Republican State Convention met-at -^The official canvass of tho late judicial election inDecatur to-day. Wisconsin has been completed, and the following given John -M. Palmer of Macoupin County w a s chosentemporary Chairman. as the result. Luther S. Dixon received 58,508 votes. Tlie districts and counties were then called to allow A. Scott Sloan, 58,113; majority for Dixon, 395.LATEST FROM ARIZONA.THE INDIAN CAPTIVES.MRS. P AGE'S PERSONAL NARRA TIVE.Fron The St. Louis Republican.TunAC, April 9, 1860. Tlie following thrilling^ details of captivity, eavage barbarity, suffering, and final restoration to her friendsr of one, whose(misfortunes have lately filled the public nomination for Governor, and after several ballots ear, will be read with interest. The"writer has takenRichard C. Yates, of Morgan County, was delared the the storv as it fell from her own lips, and gives it to.Mr. GARTRELL desired to offer ihe following toeach Territorial bill, five i n number, ]>repared bv^theCommittee,; namely: Provided that nothing" "Serein rei*oluti<m'weuld deprive tn at State/Of two votes.shall be construed to authorize the "Tc rritoriaf Assem Mr..-H31.of Georgia adv >cated the resolution of theblyjt'o.pasBanylawabolishingSlavery or prohibiting Committee*the introduction of slaves therein, or exehide Slavery Mr. Brooks Of New-Yorl< denied that he had^any iu- tion at some length, thanking them for the honor con- the pinery of the Santa Rita Mountains. Our family- therefrom, or impair the right of property in slaves tention to stifle the voiceof minbrities. He offered the ferred, and an honor of which' the greatest statesman consisted of myself and husband, a little Mexican girlprinted, -and the Territorial bill postponed till Saturday. each State have two A-otef lor the Stat» at large, and As all the bills were similar, he woul 1 propose to take each district be entitled to one voteA Central Committee at Washington, to be composed no legal existence, nothing herein contained shall be' fcourt.of this Territory shall have jurisdiction, nor Mr. Pattridge of Mississippi sustained the report of of leading Southern men and prominent Gerraans, is construed to,establish or permit its existence therein," lake cognizance of any cause for the correction that the Committee. The question was whether the delega- contemplated, in order to facilitate the project of direct and to insert as follows: "Provided the' Legislative Jnastcrsmay give their servants, for neglect of their tion hj'ould determine.how the voting should be done,• trade for commercial reciprocity between the Southern Assembly of said Territory shall not, by iiny legislation ^uties as servants; and also, various sections of the or wra-.tber the Convention should do it. He thought -StatesofourcountryandGermany. TradeCommit- whateverjestablishorproliibitSlaveryinsaidTerri- ,cttoprovideforthe.protectionofpropertyinslaves itbest-toleaveifctothedeleRations.tees, rompoeed of|planters and merchants, are forming tory, or impair the value of slave or other property, n the Territorv.. All Courts and Territorial or Federal Mr.J Morehead of. N. Cv wanted each district toIn every cotton |district. This movement is regarded therein recognized as |such bv the Constitution of the fficers are prohibited from exercisin ? any authority have its vote, whether for Mr. Houston or Mr. some- A Committee on Permanent Organization was ap-[Appl mse.jMr. ,-Morehead continued at .'Ocating the voting by dis-prived of his individual vot J without his consent. . Republicans are wide awake already, and shouting vic- breakfast, my husband left us at camp for the purpose Mr. Brooks accepted this amendment, and withdrew tory. Mr. Yates declared himself for no nominee of putting some Mexicans to work, and Mr. lfeuidall Gr'ow would not consent that a vote should be taken his proviso. for the Presidency, but expressed a preference for Mr. going but to kill a deer, Misare and mveelf' were left Morris) to deport himself as a gentleman, for the* Al- oil his amendment. John A. Rockwell of Connecticut opposed allowing Lincoln; ' quite alone. As it was washing-day, I bad started toMr. GROW replied that he would jconsent io a vote States not fully represent id to cast the entire vote of Messrs. Judd and Sweat also responded to calls,and procure some water, when the little "girl screamed and on every proposition within the parlu mentary rules. .the State. They should c nlyJ vote for districts that 'expressed themselves satisfied with.the action of the said the Apaches were on us. They came up in a run.Mr. KELLOGG—Perhaps I ought not to reply to the remarks just made by the member from Illinois. ,1 may say, however, that* it is impossible for him (Mr!|Mr. GARTRELL wished to knokv whether Mrmighty has written his true character upon his face, so that it mav be read by everybody.|Mr. ADRAIN gave notice of an amendment, being a . were represented'. . Convention, which adjourned till to-morrow. quotation.from the Kansas-Nebraska act-, leaving the Mr. Murphy of New-York offered a substitute, that ST. LOUTS, Thursday, May 10,1860. people free, to regulate their domestic institution in; each State be entitled to lis many votes as she had. The Illinois Republican State Convention rea-ssem theirownway,subjectonlytotheConstitutionofthe SenatorsandRepresentativeslinCongress,andthatUnited States. [This occasioned laughter.]Having a six-shooter (Colt's revolver) in my hand, 'I turned to fire at them, but they were already so close that before I could pull the trigger they had rushed upon me and secured the" weapon. They then proceeded to plunder, seizing on every thing they could carry off—flour, blankets, clothing, <fcc.; and, not satisfied with this, tbey destroyed the balance. -W e hallooed and screamed for assistance, but the Indians struck me with their lances, and told us to keep quiet, or they would kill us. They packed tip what they could take, and marched us off,"hand-in-This little speech was received with vociferous ap- ilause, by cries of " Order, order," and by roars ofMAN (Rep., Ohio) rose, and with slow delivery and Alley, Anderson (Ky.)* Ashley, Babbitt, lic.ile, Biugbani, Blair, impressive manner, addressed the 'House as follows: Plake, Brayton, Briggs, Rristow,' Buffintoi, Bumhum, Butter- Jfield,Campbell,Carey,Cnse^Colfax,Conkling,Covode,Davisonly a proxy.Houston.. Fell...... Everett..IThe Hon. JOHN B M , I was nominated on the secondballot.On motion of Mr. Brooks, the nomination of Mr.Bell was made unanimous, amid tremendous cheers. Mr.'Henry of Tennessee, a grandson of Patrick Henry, in the name of Tennessee thanked the Conven- tion for the honor conferred on the State by the nomi- nation of Mr. Bell, whom he pronounced patriotic andin the Senate were also adopted. Adjournedsiiifidie. .:—i i » -The M, E . Conference.hension. I knew that my strength, which was rjapidly 1:., failing,wouldadmitofmyproceedingbutlittlefur- ther,, and that unless my husband and other partiesentry, or. upon lands within States which wer«$ sur-- veyed prior to the first of January, I860, and were Mr. Speaker, I rise to a question of the highest privi- il;xl:), Duwes, Dolano, Duoll, Edgerton Idwards, Eliot, Ely,1FIRST BALLOT.McLean.....j.....22 Crittenden.•,;..28•subject to preemption, not including any lands reserved lege. I move that' this House pass a vote of censure jEtJieridge, Farnsworth, Pentori, Ferry, Floience, Foster, Frank,' in alternate sections, granted for railroad purposes, nor upon the gentleman from Illinois (Mr. Morris) for the French, Gooch, Grow, Gurley, Hale, Helmi jk,Hickman. Hoard,'.57.68.J Graham :.,.. .22 Goggiu.... .. .. 3 .25 Sharkey......'.... . b' Bottawere following to rescue us, I must fall a victim as soon BUFFALO, Thursday, May 10, 1860. ' as my strength entirely failed. >>•••-'•scattered population have to tax themselveH for roads,bridges, court-houseH, school-houses, and other public liamentary language was verv improper, and therefore Mo.), Clopton, Cobb, John Cochrane, Cox, Crawford, Curry, above all sectionalism. His life had been devoted tothat the House ought to mark its disapproval of the avis (Ind.), Dvjarnette, Edmundson, Garnet, Gartrell, Hardo- >an. Harris (Ya.), Hoiman, Houoton, HoKvard, Hughes, Jack- •thaninoldcommunities. Thenumberofpersonsbear- useofsuchlanguage; andinordertopreservethedig- son,Jenkins,Kunkel,Lamar,Landrum, L<ach ]N.C), Leake,buildings, and the rate of taxation is necessarily heaviering it is small, and hence the ratio is larger. nity of the House,- and maintain the character of the Logan, Lane, Martin (Ohio), McQueen, Mills, Millson, Mooreelected/ his administration' would bo pure, patriotic,and constitutional. But it wafl. said he was too slow,country whose representatives they were, he moved (Ala.), Niblack, Pettit, Peyton, Phelps, Put h, Reagan, Robinsontoo cautio is. That was a merit possessed by the Mr.RICEdeliued toacceptthemodification. (1,11.). Ruffin, Simms, Singleton, Smith (Va.), SmithJN.C), FatherofbisCountry. AcautiousnlanheldthehelmMr. HASKIN (A.L.Dem.,N.Y.) also indicatedan amendment, to the effect, that:wh« never said Territorj' shall contain the requiHiti population for a Mem- in accordsmce with the instructions given by the dele-berofCongress,.ascertainedbyacensus,it.shallbe gatesfromthedifferentdistricts; WheretheStatewasto be submitted to the people for the r ratification orrejection, and- to be submitted to Congress1 for its be cast, and where two delegates representing omg/dis-trict are divided in opinionj each bo entitled to luuf a vote.sumed, and the amendments made in the Committee Douglas and Greeley. [Continued cries ot "Order, the.'Tariff bill. after every third ballot. iJaid on the table. The report of the Committeo on Resolutionswasof the Whole came up for concurrence. Moat of them order," laughter and uproar.] As to the gentleman's Mr. Morrill's bill, with a few slight modifications Mr. Briel, of New-YorkJ moved to proceed to a bal- unanimously ndopten. The resolutions reaffirming the ague, I was^in a very enfeebled condition, totally in-furnish additional mail facihtes. Passed.On motion of Mr. SLIDKLL (Dem., La.), the Hou-Mr. MORRIS—I have already denounced m y col- league as a demagogue. (Xiaughter,andcries of "Order, order."] I denounce him also as having uttered a deliberate falsehood. [Increased uproar, amid whichacceptance. This provision to be made a part of tho organic act of each of the Territories a ready organized, and shall constitute a future rule ofa*tion.Congressional DiHtriCt, and two electors at large, and the little girl being a little in advance of me.After a short"discussion Mr. Goggin's amendment one from i each District,! were appointed. The dele- Wr-etraveled thus till day, over a very rocky and was adopted and the retplution as amended passed. gates at large are Gustavus Keoner, N. B. Judd, mountainous road, pe'netrating deeper and deeper into Mr.. Smith of Missouri I moved to proceed to vote David Davis, and O. Hi Browning. The electors at the mountain, and finally almost reaching the summit. The consideration of the Homestead bill was re- most impressive efi'ect^J He (Mr. Kellogg) libeled The House went into Committee of the Whole on for President; and that the lowest candidate be dropped large are Leonard Sweet and J. M. Palmer. Having suffered much from recent attacks of fever andmas .Land Claim bill was made the special order for the succeeding remarks of the gentleman could with Tuesday week. difficulty be noted—his gesticulations, however, had a]rtr. Grow's motion was agreed to.character,IsaythatuponhisbrowtheAlmighty-has not!affectingitsgeneralprinciples,wasagreedtoby lotforPresident,andcontinue-:ovotetillsomeonere- platformsIadoptedbytheStateConventionsof1856>adequateforthefatiguesofsuchajourney;andmy stamped his character, bir, and there everybody may 8dagainst37. Various amendmentswereoli'eredand ceiveamajority. Carried! . and1858,favor the"fullprotectionofalltherightsof inabilitytotravelatthespeedwhichtheydesiredwas sec rejected. TheCommitteerose. Verhrmuchconfusion Aresolution"wascarriedfortheappointmentof aHclassesofcitizens,arejopposedtoanychangeofthe the.causeofmyreceivingthemostbrutal treatmentThe concluding words were lost in an almost general ensued, principallv as to getting in an amendment rais- tellers, and the Chair appointed Messrs. Brooks of naturalization laws, in favor of a Homestead bill, and at their hands. They several times pointed a six- . formitwentfurtherthanheintended. Allhewanted hurrahandclappingofhands,criesof"Order,order,'] ingthedutyonflaxseedfromtentosixteencentsper, New-York,Hackettof"Tennes'see,.WatsonofMissis- declarethat'KansasOughttobeadmittedintotheUnion shooteratmyhead,"asmuchastosaythatmywereadoptedwithoutdebate!The amendment adopted yesterday on Mr. RICE'Sappeals from tho Chair, & c , in the midst of which a and made the roads, on the same footing with those member came up to Mr. Morrisand led him to a distant(Dem.,Minn.)motion,causedconsiderabledebate.Mr. RICE wiHhed to modify it, as in the presentbushel. 'This was rejecte'9, whereupon.Mr; PETrr moved to table the hill. Disagreed lTy!sippi, and Rockwell of Connecticut.fate was already decided upon, and that I was to be made a victim of savage barbaritv. Tho little girl, who was ahead, wrould occasionally fall back,against'64, a's follows: • . Mr. Barnett of Minnesota asked to be excused fromtotheFive-PointsandotherNew-YorkCitymissions; lancewoundsinmyback,'andtwoinmyarm,,antdmy Mr. JOHNSON (Dem., Ark.)feared that the subject that a vote of censure be passed upon both gentlemen: Spiuncr, Stallworth] Stanton, -Stevensb: I, Taylor, Tliomas, of reason t > control his conduct. For himself, heeould on seating the congregations in churches; and from head-was .'cut in sevend places by the rocks which,was getting tr > much mixed un. He wanted the Senate to rejV the aro«ndment aa&pted yesterday, and then take thr to afterward and consider it. *The QWJf il said the amendment was now beforethe Senate ,'and open to amendment. The SenatorA VOICE-rWbich member was most in fault ?Mr. SMITH (Dem., Va.) attempted to address the 'Speaker, but his words were lost in the noise and con-fusion.Mr. PHELPS (D/m.,Mo.) rose to a question (jfUnderwood, Vallandigham, Woodson, W ri ;ht—€i. \ Adjourned.have foug it under no other banner than that which looked to tlte honor, glory, and perpetuity of the Union. The Revolutionary blood that nowed iu'his veins mustOregon, on the[importance of a resident Bishop on the were thrown after me, but most of the latter glanced Pacific coast. . ,'. '-, • without striking me. • Iorder. He represented to the Chair that the motion of the remy/k» made yesterday by Mr. Wilkinson, who as to censure a member for the use of unparliamentaryquotedJOXallusionformerlvmadetoDanielWebster.language,thelanguagecomplainedofmustbetaken:.'.'•'• vj;. ; tion.'. j. Union. [Great cheers.] |ln eloquent terms he urgedj ;" DETROIT,Thursday,May10,1860. themtosUndbytheUniontodeath,andpaintedthe Suitable; arrangements have been made by the Re- disasters likely to result from a dissolution of theRev. Mr. Jaeobi, and to take charge of tbe Biblical In-stituteatBaden; alsoinfavorofhavingoneofthe musthavelaidthereinastateofttneonsciousnessfarfrom Minr >k>ta had moved to amend bis own amend-ment,w>chwasthequestionpending. Herepliedto thegentlemanfromOhiowasnotinorder,inasmuchBishops pay an occasional visit to the mission in Ger- near three days. When I came to I took some snow publicanCommitteesofthisStateindcitytoreceive Union.One.ofhisbrotherslij-edywithhiminTennes-many,Norway,andSweden. Thereport.was andputon«mvwounds.Irecollectedthodirection,down at once, and a motion founded on itbeimme- called We?>ster ignorant, althongh hewas a poor ex- diatelv presented to the House.see andanother in Iowa. What must be the result of adopted. I . traveled and- the position of the sun from camp- atMr. WIGP ALL (Dem.,"Texas) denied that he hadKew-England and New-York ; delegates to the bicagoConventionj-uponthearrivalofthespecialsunset, and with these guides started for home. My A memorial was presented, and referred to the Com- feet gave out the firtst dav, and I was compelledmitteeonEpiscjopacy,inirelationtothe,administration tocrawlthemootoftheaistanc*. Didnotdaretoof Bishop Ames in the Philadelphia Conference during go down to the foot of the mountain, for four-1 could section. Thus brother wouldhavo to dye his hands in March: 1858. The Bishop is charged with having find no water, and was therefore compelled to keep in- thebloodcfabrother. Howlhorribletheidea. He passed upon the| character of certain slaveholdmg mem- .the steep and rocky mountain. Sometmiee, afterhoped God might strike him blind before he looked bers without investigation, and with having taken a crawling up a steep ledge, laboring hard tor half a day, upon a la:id desolated by fraternal striie. Mr. Henry, partisan stand in reference ' to certain slaveholding I, would lose- my footing and slide down lower.than proceeded at some length in this strain, depict- preachers.,. -the place from whk-h I started. As. I hadfeefire, and ing the horrors of dissolution and civil' war. The Committeeon Correspondence reported against no clothing,'! suffered very nmeh from Jive eold. IpounderoftheConstitution^fiecouldnotconsider that man a great lawyer who^SFdefeated in all his suits; and Webnter's views; of constitutional govern- ment were repudiated by the people of the United States. This doctrine would obliterate State lines and abolish State Governments, if carried out.Mr."SHERMAN—Ididriseatthemoment,butI could not be heard by the Chair.Mr. PHELPS—I suggest ,to the gentleman that he withdraw his motion. . "/Mr. SHERMAN hadno objection to withdrawhis motion, but he trUsted that such an exhibitioirof tem- per would not occur again. H e had no Reeling againstrallytoti\cstandardofhisjState,andhisvenerable xpreas from Niagara Falls on Monday noon^ and ac- brother in Iowa must in like manner be true to hisMr. WILSON thought that the remark did injustice the EepubMcso c* to Mr. Webster.mpany thein'tb Chicago.Freshet in the Ju|niata.ITx-noKJC, Penn., Thursdav, May 10,1860.3Ir.WJGFALL—Ispokeina" Pickwickian" sense. I did not suppose anybody would imagine that that was an assertion of literal fact.Mr.WILKINSONasked iftheSnpremeCourthad not indorsed Mr. Webster's views on the United States Bank question.Mr. WIGP ALL did not think they would now, ifthey had done so. He did not regard the SupremeCourt as an expounder of the Constitution either. He TON (Dem., Ala.) moved a call of the House, which The bark Inman, fron Pernambuco loth ult., ireproceeded to put bi»>8erf right on other matters, where- in he said he had been misrepresented. ."•.-'.Mr. DOUGLAS was compelled to oppose the amend- ment, since Mr. Rice refused to extend it to the Terri- tories. . " +porta no arrivals.There wima severe drouth at Pernambuco and Ba-hia, which would be disastrous to the sugar crop.j Mr. Stapp, Consul at Pernarobucjo, died on the ldthexpected tb see their obituaries in the papers shortly. They would never reunite. Once beaten, they would never revijve, because, they were only hela together bytlie report, with instructions to prepare a lettor of salu- t pilled on the ground. The lire was not quite out, and tation to both' the assemblies or the Presbyterian 1 kindled it up. Scraped up *>m?of the flour andwa*rejected.The amendment reported by the Committee was notconcurredin.Mr. DOUGLAS then offered an amendment extend-ing the provisions of the biB to all lands which havedead and lead a sectional narty, bo would not vote for v,:eunweak to aa on I cOuld hear the men at work, and its desire for fraternal intercourse with all its sister SSetfme?s?w A ^ f e ^ J i o t * » * * £ a ^ j•'•'.'The matter then dropped.Before taking further action on the bill, Mr. HOUS-j From Pernambuco.ult., of yellow fever, which was veny prevalent.The question was taken, and Mr. Rke's amendment Much excitement prevailed throughout UICBO pro- The Inman-has on board the ciiptain, officers andChuiieh, now about to inewt.Mr. Coombs opposed tho motion, on the ground tha$it would involve a similar couree toward all other churches. Fofir years ago this Conference expressedmade m e a little cake,' the first food I had tasted eiuce.;I left home.- I was now near the^workuien in the.pinery, and within two^Ues of my home, but was too.this town is under water. The bridges over Bald Ba- le Creek are swept away, and the (stages Imve beenPresbyterian General Assembly at Rochester, as this. sea, and only wonder that 1 did not ireefeev X scratchedruedback. rupted.ThePennsylvania Railroad is uninter-Conference ha i no power to ask any member of this bodytovacatehisseatwithout the!consentofhiscon- stituents. "' ' ' , ,holes in the sand at night m which te steep, and before Icould travel wasobliged everydaytowaitforthe tun to warm me up. I traveled what I could e\#ry day, and in the mean time had to subsist on grsu* alone. On the fourteenth day I reached a camp ofsomoC*Mr?TAYLORinquiredwhetheritwasMr.Bing-crew,and'fiveladiesandthreemalepassengers,takenthem.He|----'"•'•-'---*""""-*-•^ -churches,andjnotasinglereylyhadbeenreceived.tion.AtlengthIcrawledalongtotheroadQ»vw He was opposed, therefore, to placing themselves in a which they must pass, and was found there* *W*car^ham'sintentiontoallorddiscussion. -\ ••Mr. BINGHAM was understood to say that it wasfor the detenainfttioa of the Hotuje,from the whale bark United. Staties by ship Moses country "Wheeler,andtransferredtotheInman. ThoUnited sentimenttPositionwhichwouldsubjectthemtosimilartreatmont riodhop*vafterbeingoutsixteen,days. und neglect Uoieafter,mi mmThomas M. Tryniski 309 South 4th Street Fulton New York 13069!IWSSSm^——^—mm:—•The Republican National Conyeii- he his excuse for dwelling upon the preservation of theThe ] Committee o n Missions reported in favor ofeendiiiff a missionary editor to Germany to assist the1 had alighted on a bank of snow, almost in a state of nudity, and in a senseless condition. I n counting un my camping places before reaching home, I think I• » :• • -.Dr. Hibbard hoped the Conference would not onntthe opportunity in this'dav and age of holding out theirhands to their t ister churches. The coincidence might workmen in the phierv, whkh was **utena»tcd. ThereBOSTON, Thursday:, May 10, 1860.States belonged to Weutport, Mass., ar.d was boundevery mix^kdid his duty he W9uld, bo uiumphuatlyhome with ObQ barrels of sporm.' . .Untitled Documenteach delegate be entitled to one vote. .bled ^at Decatur this moirning, and nominated the.re- mainder of the State ticket, as follows: Auditor, Jesse K. Dubois; Treasurer, W "^ Buller; Secretary, O. M. Hatch; Superintendent oil Schools, Newtbn-Bateman. ..Resolutions were unanimously adopted declaring AbramLincolnthechoiceoftheRepublicanpartyof Illinois for the Presidency, and instructing the dele-Mr;>CogginofVirginia offered aresolution that the chairman of each delegation cast the vote of the State 'internecine war? T o be'true to .his section he mustthe gentleman, bnt he desired' to have the House, by a The heaviest freshet which has <J>ccurred for yearsvoteofcensure,mark'itscondemnationoftheuseof low-"sweepsthewatersofthebrightJuniata."Hal Hethoughitheyhadafairchancetoredeemtheland. sending^specialdelegatetorepresentthisbodymthe wasatapointsaidtob«six,th<Mu»audfeetabovethe[Applause.]dent, with1 nine Vice-Presidents and five Secretaries. The President was conducted to the chair apad madeJudge Sharkey of Mississippi was no orator, as Bru- the Conference in reference to & revision of the ri ual, \delegatestoanswertotheirnames,insteadofappoint- ing a Committee on Credentials.nated for Lieut.-Governor by acclamation. ,;lMr. GROW proposed that all amendments might be previous, question to the Resolution Committee that in the land might be proud. He was for Freedom, and eleven- years of age, Misare Kirkland, and Mr.the Union. Douglas, Dr^d Scott, and Squatter Sover-eignty had all gone to that bourne whence no trayeler Wm. Randall, who was engaged with my huband infates to Chicago to utse all honorable means to secure/ hand, in a hurried and barbarous manner. After pro- is.nomination, and to vote a s a unit for him; proceeding thus for a quarter of a mile, they scpa- Four de)egates at large[ and tw,o delegates from each parated us, in order to prevent our talking together,my body, threw me over a ledge of rocks, or ipreci- the common good and commoii.weal of America. If Presiding Eldership; in relation to. the extension of large stones a^ter me, to make sure of their victi ., andDemocratic MeetingCINCINNA TI, Thursday, May 10,1860. !A tremendous demonstration of the Democracy, took • placehereto-night,sustainingthedelegatestoCharles-l toriwhovotedfortheCincinnatiplatformandDouglas.I One hundred and fifty-three guns were fired.John Bell in Philadelphia.at Cincinnati. www.fultonhistory.com 