 Icuai*- tef * ro£»»f th#- be of thir- st noshU t*ofd on. in-rnsr* ewttfeuK-PTfc*Tom,ibl- "oad :un;*lper mgh ided tte4 ybo Btore- all opermodoner t «*» tl* an-otest, ;e BtheJ lastVeas-ususl . ..J;IQueenstown the next day. thereof. That tbe Legislature propose such amend- printing would probably be more expensive than The steamship Gl^pgow also sailed from Liverpool ments to tbe Constitution to be rat)fied by the people the proposed one. This consideration, though of aas will enable the State to lend her aid in the construc- secondary character, is nevertheless important. It tion of tho road to tbe extent of not more than $15,« should have its weight in examining methods of re- (100,000. That tbe Legislatures of California, Oregon, form. If we can have a system based on sound'ates a new department of the Government, and oneof a subordinate and irresponsible character. It many of the elavers were caught, but very many also opens a fresh field for favoritism, for patronage, f)r escaped. The more numerous were the men-of-war,•I VtV»)«-^^-« ••XXXVITH CONGRESS, FIRST SBSSIOH.••.,.w.MARCH m*86&. i « a o « w t that would eobwt to it. I apprehend. I felt bosW abide Ha decision. I was treated as an Tlie fctiip » e Witt CHnton Ashore* I;S E K A T E , . . . W A » B I S O T O K , Match9, I860. Tbe Senate met at 1 o'clock.Various reports and petition* we'« prefeu'ed.Ow.ng to tie noise and cmmwon la tne wall, Eca*oeh sword could he beard hit**r» orters gallery. i Mr.FTTCH{I>em,Iod.)mtndaced.abilltopro-iVidefortbepabHcpratmg«ndbh.diog. Inferred. Mr. CAMJ&KON^Rep., J?a.) preeenteda petition m* ^ S a f ^ » * * * * * * a bfllfor the enlargement of tie pnblieground* about the Capitol. BewUtbattheHem*c?"TM*e *»*•*tb<> *»«*}eight mites south of S^uan Inlet, "with broadside on the Mr; FOTJKE (Dc*^-»HL) indicated a resolution he • b a r - . - . ; . , ' . • ' ' . • ' — • • • • > • • • -n enlargement. He hoped tho bill would be consideredcase where a man was riot defended. Nobody deetred tbe rep< rt. Th* Committee on Printing refused toto take from any man his liberty. His friend from give tbe binding to tbe lowest bidder; but arter it wa*Committee on WiSSS/iS^t&S£^l* *!?^ ^ ^ ^ a t e c a t o n d a r w a s taken up, and the bill forMr. HiATT—Xes, bir, I am; I have the answer vlere {producing; a laig© roll of paper], I am not ableto read it myself.On motion of Mr. MASON <Dem., Ga), the paperwas pent to the Clerk's de«k to be read.' After the •reading had been commenced, Mr. Mtaon said the answer was evidently a long argument, aod to save tame he proposed to have the answer to the secondjquestion read, to pee whether he wan ready to answer -'.- iaow or no*.$& ' Mr. SUMNEB (Sep., Mass.)—If I understand it,there are two question* propoanded. Ooe i««, what i*s^four excuse for not aosweriog ? aod the other is, willjjyou now answer ? Now, I understand tne Senator•sjSrcm Virginia propeses to arre*t tee answer of th»'-witness to the first question, and pass that over and ;proceed at once to the second answer. I mnet snbmitordered into New-Mexicopear now. Be hoped the document would be referred to the Commit*ee who have the subject in charge. . Her pasfengers are all safe, and were put oh board If the military arm of the Government was insuf- 11. The troops moving from Utah to New-Mexico will procmH10 the Committer to select tbe grain of wheat from the Mr. HOUSTON expected such an answer from the the pilot-boat Christian Bergh, No 16, which will prob- ficient to protect our frontiers, it was the business of by two goDeial route*; tho Dragoons and 7th Infantry via tfc*•-v.-:tain* d in it that shows that he is now willing to answer, hut it is a denial of jurisdiction.f Mr. FITCH (Dem., Ind.)—The answer iswha , itpurports to be, a l«»gal argument, and is only adding to tbe contempt heretofore eviuced by this party for toe Senate. He was asked to state his reasons for so rafu- sing, but instead of conunting h'.mself by so doing, he has entered upon a long argument, and closes by a summary, and that snmmar]ria all that ought to be resd. And in answer to the second question, he eayshe is not readj to appear before the Cvmmifee.. Mr. SUMNEK—Tbe Senator from Delaware ap- pealed to me to know whether I could >nf*>rm him as to the contents of that document. Most assuredly I cannot. And because no Senator can, I think it right to be read. How can tho Senator fr un Deliware un- dertake to anticipate what is in the document 1 It is there under oath, in response to your order, and, with- out knowing what it contains, you propose to stop the reaoiug of it.Mr. SACLSBUEY—I do not wish to stultify myself, but it is apparent to every Senator that it is the priated answer laid on our tables yesterday. The Senator Ircm'Massachusetts cannot deny but what ho believes tbevery answer is printed and was laid upon the tables jestetdiy. In that paper there is no acknowl- edgment of jurisdiction, but a total denial of i% and also a refusal to answer, placing himsslf upon the jus- tice of the'eountry. It is an appeal to tbe great jury, the country, from your jurisdiction. It is unbecomingSenuors to allow the witness to throw defiance in their teeth.Mr. HAJLE (Kep.; N. H.)—I wish to make a sugges- tion as to a matier of fact to the Senator from Mas-a- cbusetts, who «ays no one knows wha;- is in that docu- ment. I do snow what is in it. A friend of that—Iin direct conflict with the report of the said Committee Martin (Va.), Maynard, McClernand, McPherson, McQneen,in the case. He would therefore offer a resolution, McBae, Miles, Millnon, Montcomerv, Moore (Ky.), Moore that Mr. Hyatt be remanded to tbe custody of the Ser- (Ala), Moixill. Nelson. 'Nibiact, Ntell, P-ndleton, Peyton, geant- at-Arms, and that he be committed to the Com- Pryor, Pngh, Reogan, Robinson (111.), Anffin, Scott, Simms,There is not much bueiness doing, and it is rainingagaio. The little regular tradeis. done at former prices.A sharp movement took place in Crushed Sahara yes-terday, a ppecnlator talriug 1JD00 to 1,200 bh's., paying Government ought to act as little by departmental from 12£"?v13c. Eastern is held at 13]c. During the agencies as possible. We have need to reduce and weeb. 30,000 sachs of Wheat and 4,000 sacks of Flouranswer, under the rules of the Senate. that this is nnfair. The witness is responding to an Mr. DA VIS objected.Cp.; 14 ct>.. W . H. Sheppard: 11 do., Liader fit Kiogtley; 2 do., classes of these enemies, who have always infested portatton as pos.ibJe Tho posts "*i!l be provided accordingly.J. Wild;8do», Jnlian, Lewis -fit Jultun; 6 cks , &. Raltton; 15 its borders more or less, was never so great as now. After arra* ging the details for tbe movements from Trtau, 6r«-halee, 1 cs., Spaoldine, VaU fit Fuller? 1 do., J. Hojt fit Co.; 6 vot brigadier-General Johnson will consider himself roltoved'S. B. Chittend'n fit Co.; 3 do , Phulps. BH»s fit Co.; 2 do.. Bern- W e hope Congress will not be frightened from its from duty in that department, and report In person at the WarheimerBros54do.,Hall,W.H.L«>efitCo.;6do.,MartinGrin-proprietybydramaticpicturesoftheinsufferableDepartment.ills that State now endures. The many millions 12. Fort Brown wQlbe garrisoned by on©- company of Artil- lery, to be relieved every year by a eompsny from the Field Ar- Texas has obtained from the National Treasury, tillery Sta'ion, at which the other Artillery companies willi order of the Senate to appear btfoie you to answeri two specific questions, and i t j s n >w proposed to stop '/i^himmidwayinbisanswertothefirstquestion,wito- ,•?out hearing what \\ is. I submit it-*aso cujnat, that IThe reading was ordered by Yeas 40, Nays 12.* .;hope the Senate will not permit it.* Mr. SACLS3UEr tf>em ' Bel)-The answer ofthis wiinesj i» here. After the Srnate of the United "States have solemnly decided tha». they have a ri^ht to '.call him to make his excuse. B«i tore is r.o «Acnse. YSLe offtrs no excuse. He aimpiy denies the jurisdic- t i o n and power of the Senate to summon him here, andhe enters an argument to show that tbis bod? has 'ni-urped powers. I submit there is not a word ot that " whole answer which acknowledges the jurisdiction of the Senate. -It is a total denial of th«ir power to sum-The SECRETARY read for two hours, and when he had closed there were about ten Senators on the floor, while the gal'eriee were deserted.Mr. Hjatt's counsel discusses at great length the Constitutional poweis of the Senate in this respect, in- cluding ntmerous citations from cites ix- Pariiaxcent, Congress, Courts, &c., to which Mr. Hyatt adds-his own observation r«commeooing the amendment of the Constitution to cover cases similar to his In conclu- sion, he spy's he has always been wilfng to appear be- fore the Committee, and is now, provided his rights as a citizen are respected by the Constitttion of his coun- try, but he refuses to appear no », as the laws of God and man forbid it, and bis conscience, as well, will not ptrmit him to do so. .be impeached.Mr. STANTON indorsed all that Mr. Cox had said,because he thought the bringing of the binding into this discussion was exceedingly inappropriate aud un- called for. He had not thought proper to s*y anything at this time. He knew all about this binding, and would stote it on a future occasion.Mr. GURLEY, a3 tbe Chairman of the Committee on Printing, said they, in letting out the bbiaiog, did nothing they were not willing should be pre.-ented to the House in sm light The charge made was false, and bo could demonstrate it.Mr. BAEKSDALE moved to lay the resolution on tbo table. Carried, 98 against 65, as follows:YEAS—MCBRJR. Adams (Ky ), Adrain, Anderson (Afo ), Ash-more, Avery, Bocock, Bonham, Boohgny, Brabson, Briitow,Puffington, Hurch. Burnett, Case, Clnfa (Mo.), Clopton, Cobb,nell fit Co.; 3 do , Salzbac.ker fit Gutterrnan; I do:, 2 bal«s Sleg-eimann Uro*.; 2 do., Latbrop, Luddin^ton fit Co.; 8 do.,Ulmaun,Floienh^im fit Co. ;2 do., J. J. Swoetzer fit Co.; 2 do., A. Col-line ; 11 do , Selegmann fit Stettheimer, 53 do., A. T. Stewart fitCo.:' 640 bag* salt, 10 doz. mais, Williams St Guion: 33<J boxestin, Phelps, Dodj<e fit C«.; #70 do , IMckenson. Whittemore fitCo.; 2 ck*., 1 c?., A. R. Von Nost fit Co.; 8 cks., Norton fit Jur- ture in her behalf, outside of the ordinary action of proced via V"ri Randall and Fort Ridgely to Fort Aborc/ombU°fthe TeKa/«*Mra. Ante M. bmitb, widow of Gen. Per- demn a person without a hearing. He did n>t think StorF; SB«b, was cornered.Mr. HOUSTON wanted to know who are the par- Al£, bolt by J A. Westorvelt of this city in 1848.2^.. HAJ-K (Sep., is. H.>, moved an amendment, zfsstarg pensions to Mrs. Macomb and Mr*. Riley. JS^da-.w*8 adopted, by a large majcrity, and the billpawed.s^Sifr. Hyatt was brought in by the S*rgeau*-Ht-Arm«<." VICE-PKES1DENT—Are TOU ready to answer the question*j?ropounded by the Senate ?noxious to the objftction made against it.Mr. TBUMBL LL withdrew "his motion to refer.Mr. BENJAMIN (Dem., La.) said the argument ry colloqu al ability and clearness with which the gen- aehore eight miles S. of Squan, as having bilged. Herent In'sntr j gwrftons of F/>rt« Garland and Defiaoce need not bo" incres«p<l until tbo ar ivsl of thoir oormanent garrisons, and thoso- compantcs<'ftbe 3dInfantry whlcb are not in the mean time ac- tually required at tho poata designated to bo retained witf atovtr at once to Texas.IP. Two medical cfiTc^rs will accompany the 3d Infantry to Tf-xaa, and oil medical officers in Utah not required to comploi*mon 1mm, and areiosal to answer. If ihe Senator from/Massachusetts wil\.say that be (Hr. Hyatt) says in any Mr. MASON recapitulated the facts of Mr. Hyatt'spart of that answer .bat he is wiilm< now to "oe exam-ined before the Committee, I am pert'ec'ly willing to 1i hear what he has to say; but there is aothmg con-pnmmcns and his arrest by tbe warrant of the Vice-President, saying that Mr. Hvatt had answered thelint question put to him by a Ior>g argument, sayingthat the Senate had ho power to bring him (Hyatt)here, and the second question by saying that be waswilling to appear before the Committee now, which isJohn Cochrane Cox, Craig (MoJ. Craige (N. C), Crawford, to the 18th, reached here to-night. ,don't know whether he is a criminal or a witness^ Committee of Arrangements for the inauguration of the individual read tbe answer to me, and it is mainly thit statue of Washington.] V « » - A r r i v a l o f t l i e N i a g a r a .justice, as many seem to think, when yon put a ques- tion to the wiiness, it implies that if you have a right to question he has a right to answer, provided his an- swer is not disrespectful and insuldng. You are bound to bear, though I don't know as tbere is any part of tbe Constitution that says so. He answers, denying your right, and I appeal to the candor of the Senator from Delaware if ihat is disrespectful to the Senate. I should be sorry to do or to s»y anything disrespect- ful to this body, or, have it imputed to me.Mr-SAULSBURY—Is there anything contained in that manuscript not in the prioted article 7Mr. HALE—I should think on a moderate calcula- tion there were at least twenty tapes, or thirty.Mr. SACLSBURY—I thougUx, from tbe similarity, it was the same. Does the witaese acknowledge the jurisdiction of the Senate, and does he agree to answerany question ?Mr. HAUE—He does not admit the jurisdiction ofthe Senate, and I should be very aorry if he did. I would not stand up here and say a-word for him. That 5a his conviction, and it is my conviction. I have no doubt on the subject, and think it will not be long be- fore the Senator, from Delaware will come to that opinion. Tbe individual does at the end of that paper say that he is willing to answer, aod always was, bnt denies your right to bring him here. I bad rather leave my place here, and never look ii the Chamber, than be guilty of any wanton disrespect, bat I desire the Senate to be careful bow they exercise even a doubtfol power. #Mr. SAL'LSBUJRY—Then he is willing to answer, now?Mr. HALE—He was this morning.Mr. MASON sugge?ted tho paper better be read. Mr. HALE—Tfle Senator intimates he had ratherhear that paper than my speech. • Mr. MASON explained that he suggested the second question be answered, that the witutss might be re- ieased frcm custody and brought before the Commit- tee to answer, and they might take further action ipregard to tbe argument. , Mr. TEUMBULL (Kep-, HL) thought the simplest and easiest way to dispose of the matter would be toter.An exceedingly earnest and animated debate fol-lowed, on a resoluiion providing for the payment of s<.me bmall arrears to some former employees of the House; but there wore no points of general interest.Mr. GURLEY (Rep., Ohio) reported, from the Com- mittee oh Printing, tbe following joint resolution, au- thorizing each Bouse of Congress to employ its own Piimer to execute its own work:Be it enacted, etc., That tee third section of the net entitled " i n Act making Appropriations for the Legislative, Ex- ecutive, and Jadicial J'-xpenwa of the Government, for the jtar ending 20th June, 1860," approved March 3, 13S9, he, ai)d the *ame i» hereby, repealed, and that the Printer of the SeDate and the Printer of the Hou«e of Ropre renta'<iv«s be, and they are hereby, directed to canw to be printed unch regular and extra number of doct»mentn and repom as may be required by th«-ir reapfctivoJHouaea of Conciean, provided that tne Printer of each Hou»e shall be al- lowed one-hait of the ra'e now allowed for composition, and no more; and composition in no case shall be paid for withoot sati»- facttrj evidex.ee is forn^hed tbe Superintendent of the Public rrij«tii!? that said composition wan nccetsary to the printing of the documents and repoits, and that it has actually been exe- cute d. "•Mr. GURLEY said the object of the bill was to give tho House the control of its own printing:. As the law now staods, the Printer of the branch of Congress firbt ordering the piinting of long documents, does the work for both Houses. The retuit is, that the Senate Printer now has neaily all the work to do, and the printing has become a" complete monopoly with the Senate. The consequence is that the Hcope*cannot get printing done at the proper time. Tbis resolution would not add to the expense, but gives to the House Printer one-half the compensation.,Mr. V ALLANDIGHAM (Dem., Ohio) said the res- olution designs to repeal a part oi' the act of 1859, which forbids underletting.Mr. BARKSDALE (Dem., Miss.) eaid.it proposed a svs'em of plunder for the benefit of the House printer. "Mr. PRIOR (Dem., Va.) said the object of the reso- lnt:on was to compel the Senate Printer to divide the spoils with the House Printer, who was destitute ofcapital, and is anxious to transfer the job.' Mr. STANf 0Nr (Rep., 0 ) would not repeal the pro-viso prohibiting the Printer from transferring the office,bees use the principle was sound, and they should notelect any man who is noi here prepared to execute thoon tbe 22d nit. for New-York, and the steamship ISew- York was to leave Southampton for the same destina- tion on tbe same day.from personal observation.It is true the slaver comoB on the coast under variousrefer this paper to the Committee, and then remand printing. As he>cou)d see no good object to be accom-the witness to the cuttody of the Sergeant-at-Arros plished" by the resolution, he was opposed to it. Don tTlie House to-day adopted, resolutions adverse to a mines a^eady opened at ten millions dollars during theto carrying the mails by contract.J. S. p.-until ire see whether it is an acswer or not. He didnot wish to s'ay and bear that long argument read,and he would make a motion to refer the paper, anaremand tbe witness to custody. He did not think itvery respectful to tbe Senate for tbe witness to comein with an argument of three or four quires of paper, Democratic side of the House. They might be ableSouthern Con 'ederacy by a vote of 90 to 42.Tho Committee of tho Virginia Legislature on Courts ar,d Justices have reported it inexpedient to take any action in regaid to the commutation of sentence or re-present year.New discoveries of silver mines are reported atand expect the Senate to listen to it. He thought no to use it with advantage. It was not BOwith the Re- publican party, who could not use it m that way. HeHospitalities.yield $2,000 per ton. At Honey Lake Valley the peo- ple think that they have struck silver ore, and have staked oft' claims for miles. At Black Rock, ninetythe moan timo the neeeesary preliminary steps will be almost every part of the civilized world. This trade is yearly growing larger and larger, and will, as it in-Court, after making cot a process against a pereon for denied that tbe object of the resolution was to dividecontempt, would listen to an agument for three or tbe plunder. It was to have the. work speedily exe- four hours as an excuse. They would aear any state-taken by preparing transportation,' selecting sites andmarking {he reservations for new poets, and making ous prepenses, now go there for the nefarious purpoie>ment of fact. His object was to save time.Mr. DAVIS [pVTDy Miss.) thought it of no use to re-fer the paper to she Committee.Mr. MASON wished the paper resd.Mr." PENDLETON (Dem.. Ohio) understood the resolution proposod to pay each printer a hxed price, iriespectivo of the work each may do.Tbe Common Council adopted a resolution extending miles east of Honty Lake Valley, indications of silver the hospitalities of the city to the Pittsburgh Council have led to tho formation of a company fox their explo- on tbo occasion of their visit here on tbe 26th inst.; ration.but subsequently the. resolution was reconsidered, onthe representation that the Councilmen would visit thecity in custody, on the charge of disobeying the com-the necessary preparations for building, <fcc.. 2. The location of Fort Buchanan will be changed to the junction of the Orivaypaand San Pedro Rivers,of traffic in slaves.I agree in many points with your correspondent, and,like bun, acknowledge with shame that this horrible traffic is carried on mostly by American vessels. But,tie same circumstances, he woud say, " I am readyto bear all you have to say." Since I have read that work. • argument, and more than that, on this subject, I canS^rjAKi N: J!, Friday, March 9,1860.Tbe sWp D^,Witi Clinton, from Liverpool, is aehoreto thrre ormpawts of tbo M Dragi»aes}'»* Item tftcapmb*m tbe 4»u Artillery ira'odW U» battery, now &**,•** * £ comp«Bi*« o* tbe l«ih rnfartry. CoL P. 8U Q&'J&Sfo*? Drago^na, 1* a»»i*»*d to the. command. •'M*m«f}<A- statta, w w Infantry, will remain with tb«t portion of his '•/d»ent^J!rWSlanation in reply to certain statements contained inIr. Adrain's preamble and resolution in defense of theHALIFAX, Friday, March 9—8 p.m. xprinted article. 1 told the friend that, in arguing his fc Mr. C R A I G E (Dem , N. C), raised a point of order. There are yet no signs of the Royal Mail steamshipswamp overflowed lands within said States, and such lands as may hereafter be donated by them shall be solo for the benefit of that fond; that the Road in California shall run from the City of San-Francisco through the counties of San Maura, Santa ClaraIts stipendiaries will necessarily always be political ment. There were several reasons why the Brazilian* loafers. We have enough of this sort of business were opposed to theee new recruits, but they werec&se, the counsel bad yielded altogether too much.Tbe argument yields in certain cases that the Senatemay exeTCise this power; but I think not in any case.Tn:s body is generally composeo of men who callthemselves lawyers, who have aU tbe virtues and fewof the vices incident to that profession. 1'. is generallythe case, when a criminal is to be sentenced, that theCourt asks him if be has anything to say why sentenceof dbnth. should not he pronounced. I don't knowthat it makes any ditference, for tbe sentence is gen-erally in the Judge's packet. Hot if tnis is a Court of which was sustained by a large majority, amid laugh-especially so because they brought with tbem tho African fevers, which became epidemic amonjr the old negroes, destroying probably not less than oae- hun-The SPEAKER decided that mere newspaper articles are not a privileged question, for these might k*ep the Honse cowinnally occupied on questions of this kind.Niagara, now in her fourteenth day from Liverpool.Further -Brews toy tlie Steamship and Alameda to the City of Stockton, and boall over the country, and we want no more of ifc.WherevCrthereis a Government crowd of operatives,there is a crowd of Government tools and support- dred thousand.ers. They are a wretched, parasitical class, that re- The barracoons, which were numerous a few years quire reduction instead of multiplication. ago at Bt'ssagos, Cape MoDte, Whidah, and Lagos,Mr. CARTER eamectly irsisted that he had a right to make his statement, as the proposition reflected on his charae'er while he was absent, and, besides, the sta**mentB were untrue.. He was repeatedly called to order.Nova Scotian. continued thence toward the Eastern frontier of ST. JOHN'S. N. F., Friday, March 9,.1860. tbe State in such direction as the Legislature The steamship Nova Scotian, which arrived here may direct. Tbe counties traversed by the said road yeBterday afternoon, sailed from Liverpool at 11 o'clock thall be authorized to levy a. special tax and to contractMr. CARTER appealed from the. Speaker's decision,In addition to this objection to the system, there have disappeared, and there is not, I think, a barracoota to he found now for two thousand miles north of the? on tho morning of the 2iid of February, touching at roads to enable them to subscribe to the capital stock is the special objection that no plan lor doing the Equator* One or two may be yet found at Lagos or Whidah. The Bight of Benin, which formerly was lined with barracoons, has none now. This I- knowA1vscram hie over the petty matter of party spoilis1Ar. GURLEY said the plunder that belongs to pub- lic printing is as much an incubus as any part. He wasT willing to transfer all such plunder over to theSteamboat Springs, north of Virginia City aud Genoa, prieve of either Stevens or HayJitt, the doomed Har- and adjacent to tbe Truckee Meadows. At the Virgi-REMOV AL OF TROOPS FROM U T A H - O F F I - to engage in the slave-trade.Mr. G I'RLEY replied, each was to do his own workMr. KING (Bex N. Y.) was of opinion there was and receive half price. . . mands of the Supremo Court bv refusing to levy a taxS c h o o n e r £ . B a t e * A s h o r e . SANDY HOOK, Friday, March 9, 1860.with a garrison of four mounted and two Infantry com- my aim in writing this letter is to correct the im-someihing in the princi{le; that the witness wasresponding to the Senate, and bad a right to be beard.ThTanswer was written, and the witness deured itThe schooner E. Bates, from New-York for Mobde, went aejiore on the point of Sandv Hook at 7:30 p. m. She lies well up on the beach.POLITICAL.A few advance parties of ^migrants for Pike's Peakhave arrived in this city. To prevent a recurrence of visors. The Administration party have not a single the distressing scenes of last year it is urged upon thoseintending to emigrate to wait until the 1st of May man in the Board. Well done Cayuga!before staring, as subsistence on the plains for man —The Hartford Democrats are going to build a hall and heaet will bo very precarious prior to that time.panies.3. The location of Fort Defiance will be changed tothe " Ojo del Oso," with a garrison of two mounted and nix Infantry companies.4. A post will be established on the Gollinas, or near where the Fort Smith road crosses that stream; or preferahly, if a suitable location can be found east of.that point on or near the Canadian.. It wdl be the de- pot for the Department, have agarnson of four mount- ed and two Infantry companies,.and be called FortTmrtmeut or New-AfeaCco will he »handoue<L6 Those »»ppliei which it may be necetewcyto Import Intopression that there is no other trade with. Africa. I feel a strong interest in that great continent, with which I have been acquuinted for more than ten years. Its increasing trade will gradually open a path to the ulterior of a country whose resources are only begin-read. He had no doubt of the authority of the Senate,hot thought the respondent had a right to present an ment Printing-Office to stop the infamous plunder,smswer. If the paper was referred to the Committee which corrupts as much the Democratic as the Repub-it would come hack*, and the Senate would sail have to lican party. General George Washington Bowman pa?s judgment. „ now gets the printing of the Executive Departments,Mr. FESSENDEN (Kep., Me.)—Unless the Senator in addition to that ot the Senate, and enjoys almost an from Illinois withdraws bis motion I'mast protes entire monopoly. Tho Houce Printer is entitled to the against that doctrine. This man is brought heforrf patronage of this branch of Congress, and he (Haskin) the Senate to answer for contempt, and the would give it to him. He was utterly opposed to giv- Senator 5rom Illinois seems to agree with the idea ing the Executive printing in part to help support The-+* -Emigrants to Pike's Peak. LEA VENWORTH, K. T., Friday,.March 9,1860.ning to be known,i\'«rtc- York* March 5.P AUL B. D O C H - M M XPERSONAL..»iNE,VHY#RK SAMMwm^Mi^mmBmr; tf t o•, • Mlmy friend was on the bench w&ch be once dignified : allv^nothe a t>aityman; h^'^i/M^ f**-& $»# •\ and adorned, »nd a man was brought before bin under in tbe ©cure* $ his remarks he said Mr. Bo wmaui#0«mountain of chaff. Let the Conuni tee report what the gentleman, who WAS dispoeed to shun the investiga- witness had answtred. He renewed the motion to tion.ably arrive at Quarantine to-night. *At an early hour this morning the Christian Bergh bad arrived at Quarantine, and the passengers whom she brought up were comfortably quartered, to awaittbat branch to come to Congress and say so.Notwithstanding these sensible views, the propo-I'ltvpmuigoH Bridget's (Pass, Sangro do Chrl-ti Pass, and Fori Garlsnd. Their supplies will b*> replenished at Cbeyehne Pas» by a tram from Fort Laramie. Tho 5th aad three companiof of the Kth Infantry will move up tbe Spanish Fork, thence acr©-* to the bead of white River, and down that st*e«m, or as di-refer.Mr. FESSKNDEN said the witness had been broughtMr. HASKIN donicd that he wanted to shun any in- veiaiga-ion.'sition for tbe mounted volunteers holds its place inthe Senate from political considerations, and may rectly an possible, to Gr*<»n R!V<T. At Gro*n River a s+ron*;to pay interest on railroad bonds. Tbe resolution wasindefinitely postponed, tbe Pittsburgh Councilmen be- Which lwlonys to it. He was in favor of a Govern- ing denounced as criminals and repudiators.Mr. RASKIN (A. L. Dem., N. Y.) said the design oftbe resolution wat to give each House the patronage% advanced on the other sidOjtbat it is a greater contempt Pcnruylvanian, Evening Argus, and Tlie Consti- The Overland Express from this cisy is crowded to ex- on the corner of Trumbull and Pearl etreets, in that5. *Fort Garland will he garrisoned by two mounted and three Infantry companies; Fort Bliss, throe Infant- ry companies, ard Fort Stanton, two mounted and one- The widow of the gallant and eccentric Col. Daridi Crociett, died lately in Johnson County, Texas, of ap^ oplexy, in her 74th year. '—The last number of Tke Sturgiss (Mich.) RrpuMi- can comes to us contiuning the oxtraordinaiy ird^lH- gence that a very fortunate Mrs. E; B. B*y, of that village, heretofore a lady in moderate chrcumstanooa,receivee a pert*.*ntage from Mr. Rives, who does theCktrreBpondeaceol Tfas;K.'•Y. Tribune.• '«,'O.Vtell Senators there is very great doubt whether we detired to offer. pr©pV*ing a Select Committee of five, Seven&chcU p.m.---The foremast of the De Witt are not exorcising a jurisdiction to whioh we have no to examine into any cov^upt combination made,or pro- ?Tho Texas Senators are very anxions t» j>btaui »en »inder *>f tbe forc-nosr in Utah will WvHthdrtwaa#tMw<r as pos*ihle in UJCSpring..; , „ . - ,'"*>'.£'£_ngbt. It is well for us to hear this paper. We may posed to be made, to secure the election of any officer CUnionhasbeen cut awayto ease the ship. She is an immediate appropriation of a million and a The Mfiffof the Department wAT bo comp<Hod a* (rntnm beagreatbody,butnotgreaterthanthepeoplewho o*theHouse,andwhekberanymalfeasanceouthe lyirgalong4ebeachandinaneasierpositionthanshe quarterofdollarstosetamountedregimeatof tAMi»tt*tAdjutant-Gt-nfrsl,1ChiofQuartenxmter.l^UUssfcmade us, and thoir Ebertv is not'to be trifled with. part of any of the subordinate* had been practicedMr. MASON objected to the reference of the oaper. during »ny previous seseion. "was in ibis morning. At sunset her hold was filled Texas volunteers in the field, to operate againstQnorteimatUj, \ Comn.iMS.ry, 1 M«d*ctJI director (a SOTggooJ, Z Aaaistant Surgeon*, 1 Ordnance Officer, 2 TopoffraphtearJEtt-Mr..TRUMBULL sad he was not willing to be Mr. HOUSTON (Dem., Ala.) understood the pnblicplaced in a false position. He was 'giad to see all this binding was given out by Mr. Haskio to a pet of hie, From Our Marine Reporter.Mr. HOUSTON understood that The Republicand could, not get rid of the"responsibility by refer- novvspaper here charges clearly that the Committee on passage to the city at a later hour. Nothing additionalto tbe Bar of the Senate. Tney were now the judges,partj, for the purpose ot exploration, will be detached and pro- even pass that body. It is an irregular and super- csee with pnr.ks in the general direction of the Spanish trail, rli fluous proceeding, and were it not for Presidential tb«- Dolores River, as di«ctlras poatible to Santa F©V 'T&o re- mainder of thi* column will conttrue ou tho roate followed bjr aspirations, would stand no chance. Considering •Col. I/critig in 1856' to the valley of the Rio Grande, ahortoninr. that tbe Conqueror of Texas now fills the post of ard improving tbe ro*d wbereveT it is practicable. The Depart-Governor of that State, we need feel no extraor- ment Commaxder will direct the detiila cf these movements mm circumstances may require-dinary solicitude that it is about to become a prey , Two companies of tbe 3d Infmtry. in golns to Toxas, will fol- low 'he route alone tho Pecos River; the remainder will proooostence. Printing did let. out the binding after they had received Mr. SALSBURY discussed the question of witnesses a k wer bid for it.beiore the Conrta, and said that this witness woaldh- ve appeared before the Committee, if h e ' had notwibheu to make a martyr of himself. Mr Hyatt hadMr. HASKIN—Have you become tbe champion of The Remibhc newspaper ?no right to read a lecture'to tho Senate as to its chsmpion of troth.1,131 bars iron, Saltna & Co.; 2,171 do., Holdnn, Hawley k. Co.; 3,057 do., 80bundles do.,Sampson & Baldwin j-HJO do .W.Ootaoutpo«eis.Mr. FOSTER called for the reading of Mr. Hyatt'sto Mexican freebooters or predatory bands of sav- via II Paso. A11tb* troops will replenish tb«ir supplies at tho Baiber&Co.;2do,M.Gleaaon;9boxeo,Tbcs.RUBMCU;Ica*e, ages. Itscapacitytodefenditselfagainstbo;h severalportaalouatheirroutes,soa*toemployaslittletr*n»-mon Jail in Washington City, there to remain in close confinement nniil he signifies his willingness to appear aid ftDswtr all proper *nd legal questions that may be pot to him bv the Select Committee of the Senate.Messrs. .DOOLITTLE and FESSKNDEN said that tbis was a new question to them, and that they wanted time to discuss it.,Mr. MASON then offered a resolution, which wasSmith (Va). Smith (N. C), Stallworth, Stanton, Stevonnon, Stewart <Pa), Stokes, Stout, Tompkio«, Und»rwood, Vullimoig- hsim, Vance, Vandeve'. "Washburn (111), Waldron, Webster, Vhitely, Wilson, and Wright—98.NA YS^-Mepsrs. Adams (Mass), Aldrlch, Ashley, Babbit, Bingham, B'aii, BlaVe, Burlingame, Buroham, Campbell, Carey, Col-ax, Conkling, Covode, Curtis, Delano, Duell, Dunn Ed- goTton, Eliot Foster. Frank, French, Oilmer, Graham, Grow, GOTley, Hall, Haskin, Helmick, Hoard, Bumphrey, Hutchins, .luxikin, Kellogg iMich.); Leach (Mich ); Lee. LoonaU, Lovejoy, McKean, McKnight, MUlward, Mooriiead, Morris (Pa.), .Olin, Perry^ Porter, Potter, Rjce, Boyce, Schwartz Sedg*ickhave been purchased for.exoortto Australia.Dr. Chate.has been tried for maliciously adulterating the acidi- used at the San Francisco Mint, but the Jury,could not agree. A new trial will take place.A bill has been introduced in the Legislature propos- ing ihat tbe State assume tbe Indian war debt, amount- ing to $300,000, to be paid within ten yeare, if theUnited States does not sooner provide for.it.The resolutions asking Congress to dissolve the in- junction against the New-AImedan quicksilver minenave passed the Assembly.Resolutions have been earneetly debated in tbe Leg-islature, instructing the Congressional Delegation to use their beit exertions against the teparation of any portion of the State from which to form a territory, until a majority of the people of the entire State have consented to such disunion.not increase Executive patronage. We do notadored, that Mr. Hjatt be runandcd to the custody ofthe Sergeant-at-Aims until the farther order of "the man. Somes. Spinrer. 1'appan. Train, Tromble, Van Wvck,want to add a particle to the influence of thisbranch of the Government. It is, moreover, anunsound and a pernicious idea that Congress shouldsurrender any of its functions to the Executive.If it has printing to do, why not do it,for itself, in-stead of handing the control of the matter over tothe President? Yet the bill.in question does sohand it over. It allows the President to appointthe Superintendent, and the Superintendent ap-points his subordinates. The working machinerySenate. Adjourned till Monday.mVt xree, Walten, Washburn (Me.), Wells, WIndom,, WoodruffAdjourned until Monday.T l i e XJOSS of tlie IIuiBgrarlau. BOSTON, Friday, March 9,1860.Halifax papers of March-2 state that a numerous corpB of divers reached the wreck of the" Hungarian, whose investigations msy lead to important discoveries in regard to the loss of the vessel, and the bodies of her passengers and crew.7'hc Halifax Journal says: "Fiom what we can learn in regaid to the position of the wrecked vessel when last seen,-she must have struck about midnight, when all but tbe watch on deck were in their beds,HOUSEThe following gentlemen were announced as theOF REPRESENT A TIVES.Special Committee on the subject of a Pacific Railroad:of the establishment is thus placed beyond thereach ~ of Congress, whose servant'it is, and under men-of-war, of, light draft. This number was-kept, IMessrs. Curtis (Rep., Iowa), Fnnwworth (Rep, 111.). Pholpo (D*m , Mo), Davis (S. Am., Md.), fccoti (Dem., of CaL), ftic« (Kep.,Ma»») Fn.ton (Rep.t,N. Y.), Smith (Dem.. Va.t, Taylor (Dem., Ln.), Ketlojrp (R*p., Mich.), BWr (Rep., of Pa ), Aldrictt (Jiep., Minn.). H»miHon (Dexa., Texas), yrenoh iR«p , Maine),and Mout (Dem., OregOD).The following special Committee was announced on Mr. Covcde's resolution to inquire into alleged abuses in connection with the Executive Department: Messrs. Covcde {Iiep., of Pa.), Olin (Eep., "N. Y.), Winslow (Dtm., N. C.J, Train (Rep., Mass.), and Eobinson (Rep , HL)Mr. CARTER (Rep., N. Y.) deBired to make an ex-whose exclusive control it should be.think, for ten years, according to a treaty they n a i with Prance, who also kept tbe same number. Im despite of the presence of these men-of-war, a greathad been communicated from the ship. A stiff breezo was blowing toward the shore.Tbe followinj? is a list of tbo ship's cargo:reference of an attempt to levy black mail, said Mr.Mr. HOUSTON-^T am your opposite. I am theMr. COX (Dem., Ohio) in alluding to Mr. Haskui's St Bros.; 50 bbln. md»e., F. R. k. W. C. Fowlor ;-15 ok?H Matrot,Cocmb*, tbe ecitorof Tlie Republic, was anhonost, i irreproachable man. He expressed surprise that Mr. Coombs' Republican friends from Ohio, where he was well known, had sat still and allowed his character toD. Ba5licr; 5 do.. Rehner &. Menke; 4 crates, H. L. Lacain^ fit,Cnny, Davis (Miss ), D»jarnette, Edinundaon. Etueridge. Fetry, Fieri nee, Gartiell, Hamilton, Bardomaxi, .Harris (Vol), Hattoa, Hi!l, Bindman, Hclmwi, Houston, Howard, Hughes, Jackson, Jer>ki»B. Jores, Kellogg (III.), Kilgore, Killing?r, Lamar, Lan- dTum. Larrabee. Leake, Logan, Love, Maelay, Martin (Ohio).17—12 m.and thus probably they perished."•'..,..The principal recommendation of the Convention isper's Ferry conspirators.M u n i c i p a lPHILADELPHIA, Friday, March 9,1860.nia mine the ore seems to beSichor as they penetratedeeper. Some ore recently Taken out is estimated to carried into eliect as soon as the season will permit. In gland, and hundreds of vessels sail along its coast fromtution. I t w a s testified last session, before a special*hoold have, been asked in tbe rmerte order. But he committee, by Mr. Wendell, that a few days after Mr. time the proprietors will commence rnnuing coaches inconsistency, they propose to call it " National Hall," Tafentry companion All other po»ta now oooupiod ito the D«-to undertake to defead Wmself. I think the questionscess, all the seats being engaged to April 1st, at which city, capable of holding 4,000 people. With strangecomes here to undertaae to give his reasons, and it is S'eadman was elected, tbe latter sold out his contract to me a now idea that m any conrt it is a contempt to to Mr. Wendell lor $30,000 or $34,000, andthese thingsx appeal from its jurisdiction. My friend from Illinois should beended. ,•,-.-, . , , ,thence weekly, and BOOH thereafter a daily line. The runnirg time to Denver is seven days.loss of tlie E w a n Crersur.BOSTON, Friday, March 9,1860.and at the same time devote it to the public meetings of the sham Democracy. - * ''.•—Dunkirk baa been redeemed from Democratic pre- dominance. At the town election, held on the 6th inst.,the"Dep*rta«uc of Now-Mwdco for Fort 8U««aud the port* iathe Gila country may ho sent either through Textw or from thoMiwouri and Arkoiweui froutiem, aa may be most advantageousfor the Government In either cane, they will go directly to th» a princely fortune of fo-rty-eight million of doU<*r». poet* for which they ore intended—.tho Government receivingspeaks of rt as an mfliction upon us that thisman should have undertaken to argue bis case under oath ButMr. niNDMAN (Derm, Ark.) inquired whether one of tbe Republican candidal*s for Printer did not pro- pose to contribute the piinting spoils for party pur-has inheiited as aa heir of the late Sic Franoia I>rako,the Committee is not to judge ol this cv». Ibe Com-mutes has reported the fact to the Senate that the mandid not appear, and the Senate orders him to bebrought in; not before the CommiMes, but before the tho individual. " :'., ;Tbe British b r g Ewan Crerar, Cant. Crerar, fr>m tbe following officers were elected, by from 65 to 124 th» privilege, in all casern, of stopping them.at intermediate Mrs. D a y i s a ^ i d o w .London for Bo6ton, atiuck near tbe Graves about 71. polutB. on oert«iu conditions. Supplies for Fort Garland will bVo'clock this morning, and sunk in 45 minutes. The, majority: Opposition Supervisor, Town Clerk, Presi- sent directly from Fort Leavenworth, via the Sangre de Chrtati —It is stated that a suite of twenty noblemen andSenate, to give his reasons why he did not answer. He comes before us to argue his own case, which every man has a right to do, and the answer is, from both sides of tbe house, that it is a grots contempt ot tbe court to take up its time by telling tbe reasonsMr. HINDMAN—Did you notj vote for him in the Canons? • •Mr. HASKIN—It was called a conference. ' Mr. HINDMAN—And did you not vote for the' •A» I fttteaded.the, conference,Captain and crew were saved. The veeflel and cargo are a total loss, ' _limits of the Department will bo roatle by tho Qu4rt«r0i8>t^Y- Page 6V. Mitchell, were df,Btr0jei by fire this morning. tenified Democracy " elected three Trustees and two Geueral, under the direction o< the War Deportment; and for thewhy he could not answer. My friend observes there nominee 1Mr. HASKIN—I did.perished in the homes,^ *<- Inspectors in one district, Untitled DocumentThomas M. Tryniski 309 South 4th Street Fulton New York 13069Mr. HASKIN—Yes, and that proposition defeatedeioner, Treasurer, Collector, three Assessors, two Jus- The chemical oil-works i n E w t Boston, owned by tices, two Constables, and si* Inspectors. The " Un-at Fort Butler for dibtrlbotion,The contracts for all ttani-portaUcu commencing beyond theWales on bis visit to Canada this Spring.|§* *• s ^ further that bis Royal Highness tho 0nto/of Cam- bridge, the Puke of Newcastle, and Major-Geh. ©raee*Lots $10,COO. A young man named Francis Danbardistribution of supplies within the Department, at far as theGorerament trawpcitatiou i< uot auftlolcnt, contract transuorta. w'jl bo among the notabilities on:thi»t dtiQasiomwith wafer to the depth of 71 feet.tbe Mexicans and the Comanche Indiana. They gine«r»< (one of tbem a Cuptnin. • , . tit. ^ f. Three of the six comWioa ©f.tho XOtb Tnfantry to be witfc-have made and are making very pertinacioa* efforts drawn. wift<t*k* port at Fort Laramie. Tbe other th-eo oons- ra>iesof the )0th Infantry, and th« rw« companies*©'toe S« zeal lor liberty. All be meant was t > bavo tbe paper and to a gentleman from Ohio. Was this true or false ? The'chip seen ashore North of Barnegat, by the to tbis end. Mr. Wigfall yesterday, in quite an Dragoons w«l occupy Fort Garland, N*w-M#xico TfarStk Begiment of rnfantry will rWteve tbe 3d Tnfautry la N«rw-»ex-sent to tbe•Committee, aod t>»is wasmagui'i.edintva Mr. HASKIN said there was not a word of trutbginsteamslupTori town, Capt Parrish, arrived on Thure-day, proves to be tbi packet ship De Witt Ctinton,impressive speech, declared the population of his ico. 1 he 7th Infantr* wi'l also take post in tbat Depvan*rt— four companies at tbe Gba copper mines, and aixcompame*State was being extensively butchered and scalped, near tbe nines in Arizona. • %Mane bad done this when he voted to put this man in awarded, tbe editor of a small paper here attempted Capt. Punk, from Liverpool, January 26, for that port. and demanded immediate snecor. Both Mr. Fea- "f 9. Tbt Zi l»ian«n w<U proceed te Texas—five companiesS6 bo 'a*auooed at Binsgold Barracks and five at Fort Clark. F<ni Bti- senden and Mr. Toombs asserted the fighting ler will take its fniantrv garrison from the8th Regiment in order that tbe construction of the posts may not be <W*yel, and- tha* his remaik about the proteed'ng ofaoourtwas ob- ties wbo got tbe binding. Capt, Lienan of the ateamtug Jacob Bell came up capacities 'of the Texans, and doubted if their tbe movement of tbe 3d Infantry may be expedited. . Tbe pres-custody. It was rot the iiten'ion of anybody to con- to levy b'ack ms'l. She is owned by H. L. Rich & Co., is 1,079 tuns, ratesMr. HASKIN replieo: One lives in Ohio and theother in New-York. He appreciated the extraordina- to the city last night. He reports the De Wilt Clinton,straits were as great as they were represented. Both also held that it was the duty of ;the Execu- tive branch of the Government to take care of such manifestations, and nee the regular fprce of thewas long and simply amounted to this, that the wit- tleman stated all bis propositions, and was surprised foremast is gone close to the deck. When he left sheness disputed th> power of the Senate, as a reason why that be (Houston) had interpolated in diecussion a sub-be bad not previously appeared betare the Committee, ject wbioh had been referred by the house to an Ex- was 1} ing very easy,, and it is his opinion that, after, dis-and, disputing such power, ho was not willing to ap- amining Committee. He would refer the gentleman charging K portion of her cargo, she will be gol oflE. country in aid of Texas whenever it was necessary. <bf complement for that Department, will accompany the troop*rett:9bales,6cs., Lord fit Taylor; 3do., John Sykee jr., fit Co.; 11 cra>t«e. C.F.Ogsbury :. 103 do.'Bhhda , Wilson fit Braine; 1,375 bnnd'esirOn. 4<H> do. whe. 296ingots tin, 20 o». coppef sheathing, 200 tuns coal, 40 frames felt, 2,63$ boxes tin, 4 bales, 23 trusses, 10 cs., 13 ckw., 410bars iron, Order.The California Overland Mail. MELON'S STATION, Friday, March 9, I860.The Overland Mail coach, with> regular San Fran- cisco dates to February 17, and telegraphic dispatchessuggest hesitancy to rush into a precipitate expendi- without waiting for « e arrl»al of the companies of tbe 10th. will and reestablish tbat port. !SAN FRANCISCO, Feb.Arrived 15tb, steamer Champion2 from Panama.Sailed 16th, Bbip Malay, for Manilla.mow WASBIMICON.GLAMORS FROM TEXA&($§&&£Tft&4***4 iibeTimtsietmA^V^^rtRpfin^Msince its admission into the-Union, might properly habitually be concentrated.13. The three companies of the 2d Infantrv at Fort Laramie*the Government.NEW BILL FOR PRINTING—k BAD BILL.Correspondence of The N. Y. Tribune.W ASHINGTON, March 8, 1860.The Committee on Printing have prepared a bJl te reform the present scandalous system of doiDg the printing of Congress. It proposes to establish a Government Printing and Binding Office, under the charge of a Superintendent, and appropriates $200,000 for the purpose. The details are, per- haps, as well guarded as the system proposed ad- mits of, but we do not believe in the system. OurThe Secretary of the Pacific Railroad Conventionhas sent a communication to the Legislature giving asummary of the act on of that body, from which it ap-pears'tfcat James A. McDougal, F . L and.L. A. Booth,A. A. TutMe, S^m. Purdy, J. S. Titus, T. G- PhepsJ/B. Crockett, and Dr. Rabe. were appointed a Com- corruption, for extravagance. It creates a bureau the faster tbe slavers increased; and such, no-doubt,for the disbursement of hundreds <. f thousands of would .have continued to be the case till now, in spite; of the presence of a squadron, for to hlockade fir© dollars per annum, covering the purchase of sup- thousand miles of coast iBimpossible, had not the Em- plies of printing and binding materials, and the pire of Braxil closed its ports to the importation of th's: that the Legislatures of Oregon and California pay of a small army of workmen. Of course it negroes. The most fctnngent laws were enactedestabb'sh each an. internal improvement, fund for the must become, like our navy yards, and arsenals, agaii &t tbe trade, aad the people themselvesfeeling thai purpose of building the Pacific Railroad; that the and armories, a partisan branch of the Government. no more negroes were wanted, insured their enforce-mittee to communicate to the Legislature the action of the Convention, and urge such action by the Legisla- ture as was recommended by the Convention.pretenses and di%ni te of legal traffic, but your corres- The steamship Niagara was to take the place of the and Washington Territories cause tbe several passes principles, and at the same time show it to be the pondent is wrong in jay ing that ono of the moat America and sail fiom Liverpool on tlie. 25th ult. for through the mountains lying eastward of said States most economical system, then the merits of that specious blinds is tbe obtaining of palm oil. This Halifax and Boston. and Territory to be accurately surveyed. system would seem to be such as to leave no ground may be one of their pretenses, but he errs inThe steamship America, from Boston, arrived out ou Great activity exists throughout the State in mining for resistance to it. Now, there is a way of doing giving the reader to understand that there is no- tie morning of the 22d ult., and the steamship City of exploration. This is attributable to the recent discov- the public printing that is natural, unincumbered palm oil. To any one acquainted with the Gulf of Baltimore from New-York, a few hours later. ery of silver mines in Western Utah. The disposition with machinery of any kind, stripped of all offen- Guinea, or the Bigbt of Benin, or slave coast,Heavy gales had prevailed around the coast of En- since those discoveries has been to search more for sil- it is easy to see that the United Spates ship gland. ver than gold, and the result is that veins of silver have sive characteristics. This way is to let it out to Portsmouth has not been in the place where oil is to. The steamer Odione, from Dnblin for London, came been found in Calaveras and Santa Cruz Counties, and the lowest bidder, on the principle of all contract be got. In his short sojourn upon the coast he hasservice. .We can build ships by contract, we can evidcrtly been unable to gain any correct information, The steamer sunk in twenty minutes afterward^ and Tbeie is no doubt of the discovery of silver mines in carry our mails by contract, and it is now proposed or he would not have made such assertions,in collision with the schooner Heroine on the 19ihult. in the 'coast range near Clear Lake.from forty to•fifty persons we're drowned. all theee localities, but whether any of them are valu- to make our postmasters by contract.' Why cannot Tho truth iB, the palm-oil trade is really Kumors were current of an addrees, attributed to able cannot be ascertained without the expenditure of Congress do its printing by contract ? But in a high'y .flourishing condition, It is car- Victor Emanuel himself, calling Naples and Sicily to considcTJible labor and capital. Tho discoveries al- ried on ohieny by the English; but both Ham-there is a lion in the way—a lion in the vinfcurrection. ready made are ojeratiDg HSincentives to renewed ex- streets. What is it ? Why, somebody once un- burg and Bremen vessels are engaged in it, and so The armaments in Piedmont wore being accelerated. ertions for more thorough exploration. The recent alto are the French. It is only lately that AmericansA Congregation held at the Vatican had decided that discovery of quicksilver mines in Sonora and Napa dertook the job and broke d.o\vn, because he did have begun to open their eyes te its profitable charac- the work too cheap, and Congress then had to gothe King of Sardinia should not be excommunicated, Counties is considered important. Deposits of cin- to work and elect a Printer. Then Congress was ter. It is, therefore, altogether a mistake to suppose whatever political events might tuperveoe. nabar and rock, containing mercury in a state of puritv, that what seems to be the palm-oil trade is mere y a There was a report current that a plot against the have been found all along the borders of what are fool enough to make up deficiencies for somebody's pretense to cover up a trade in slaves. The state- Emperor of the French had been discovered. known as the Gejeer Mountains, for a distance of losses. But whose fault is this ? Is it in the con- ments of your correspondent surpriso me, and I can A Madrid telegraph states that the-garrison of twenty-five miles. < tract system ? Not at all. If Congress had offered only understand them by supposing him entirely un- Mellilla had made a sortie, and that the Spanish loss The mineral is found in loose boulders on the surface its work openly to whatever responsible contractor acquainted with the coast. So far from the trade being" was 33 killed. 146 wounded, and'21 missing. and in veins extending into the mountains. The dip would do it cheapest, and required good and saf- so tmall that a vessel can be tilled only in a voyage of The Spanibh press were unanimous in tneir demand of these veins indicates very extensive deposit*. The ficiet bonds' for the prompt performance of the con- two years, tbe round voyage from New-York Is often for an energetic policy against Morocco. supposed valuable portions of the mountains have all tract, and held out distinctly that it would hearken made in seven or nine months: and beside the quauti- The Nova Scotian takes 180 tons of coal, and will been claimed, and several companies are preparing to to no heart-rending appeals from political scalla- ty-imported here to France and Bremen, 27,000 tans of sail this afternoon for Portland, where she will be due commence mininpr. Another quicksilver mine is about wags for losses sustained under it, it would have this oil have been sent to Liverpool in a single year.on Monday evening next. to be worked in Monterey County/ seven miles from Even in the Bight of Benin, where a few years ago>. There was a gale from south-east last night, with the new Idramine, already in. successful operation. had no difficulty in the past, as it will have no dif- the ehwe-rrade llourhhed exceedingly, one may seerain.Advices from Carson Valley represent considerable ficulty in the future, if it transacts its business with dozens of vessels seeking for palm oil. Their trade emigration thither, notwithstanding- the inclement sea- a modicum of common sense. The contract sys- hasinsome meaeure driven the slave-traders away.THE VERY LATEST.By Telegraph from Liverpool to Qutenatoton.son" The mining accounts are as glowing as over, but tbe ppecuLtive spirit so covers everything that it is difficult to arrive at the truth. Undoubtedly, manytem is a good system and a safe system for all gen- eral purposes, and it is ia operation all tho timeAt St. Paul de Loando, whore your correspondent writes, is a great market for ivory, hides, and copal, and north of it is palm oil, gum copal, copperLrvxKFOor., Tburada}, Feb. 23, I860.—COTTON—Snlo» of lasttwo day*. 12,000 baleo, includinp 2,000 on speculation and for ex-poit. The market closes dull, a»d previous quotations are barelymaintained. BBKADSTBWS eteady. Paovwious dull; aalea un- thousand Californians will visit these mines in tho important. Other arriclea unchanged,.and everywhere for the business of printing. And ore, oroeille, barwood, ebony, peanuts, India-rubber. there is no reason on earth why it should not be This very slave coast has its lawful trade. More thanLO>;JO\, Thursday, Fob. 23—p. m.— CONSOLS close at95-J.. " V i r g i n i a I ^ e s i s l a t w r e . KicHMONT). Friday, March 9,1860.300,000 pounds ofivory are shipped yearly from itsshore-Spring, for the belief that there is another extensive mining region on the eastern slope of the Sierra Nevada Mountains, rivaling California in extent and richness, is steadily crowing in strength. Some parties, who have returned from Washoe, are sanguine enough to estimate the probable production of silver from theadopted for Congressional printing. L e t tho busi-ness once bo put on this^basis, with the understand- —thousand* of tuns of barwood, as well as beeswax,, ing that the system is 4 ^ be adhered to, and we eboiy, and other articles of commerce. Thereare many^•—Cayuga County haB elected 27 Republican Super-shall soon hear no more objection to it than we dohoneEt merchants from this country who wish to share in this tiade with Africa, and are not disposed to leave it all in the bands of the Eoglisb. They want the pro- ductions of Africa to come to America, and American manufactures to reach Africa. But they have no wishJ. s. P .14. A post, will be establisbedl on the Pawnee Fork of tho Ar- karjsafi. to be gaTrii,oncd by »wo companies of tbe Second fnfaatry, from Fort Leavenworth and Fort Riley. From early in tfio Spring rntil hue in tbe FaU, auoually. it wiU be strengthened by1the presence of not less than fonr comnauie ! of mounted troop«in camp. Tljewe will return to Fort RHey late iu the Fall.15. f ort Beilingbam, "Washington Territory, will be abandon©*!, and a port ©stablurbed at or in tbe vicinity- of Fort Boisso, witkan Infantry garrison of not less than two companies.* * * . • • * * * * , • * . *JOHN B. FiwOTD, SocretaryofWae. War Department, March 7, I860.TRADE WITH AFRICA.To ihe Editor of The N. Y. Tribxem.Sm: Permit me a few words in reply to a letter ot your correepondent, dated United States ship Ports- mouth, St. Paul de Loando, Dec. 20, 1859, which ap- peared in your paper of March 3.I do not intend to say a word which shall sustain the slave-trade or the slaver, as my abhorrence of both i* as great as that of any man can be; bnt I wish to cor- rect some of the statements of that letter which might injure, in the opinion of the people of this country, th» borjest merchants or captains who are or may be en- gaged in the lawful African trade—a trade which w far from being, even now, a matter of small import- ance.The slave-trade has decreased wonderfully iu Africa these last few years. Some years ago the English fore* on the western coast of Africa amounted to tweoty-sixBut the main objection lies against the system, bywhomsoever operated. The bill substantially cre- pait of which were steamers, a large number of fac-CIAL ORDE US.1. The following dispositions of tbe troops will be than $20,000,000 worth of it* productions reach En-dent, six Trustees, Overseer of Poor, Street Comuue- ]Pa»»; and those for other pouts, and for all contingent purposes, oistinguis'jed gentlemen will eooompany the Prince of will oe »»nt irom tho Missouri or AiicauKiis frontier to tne depotHon wfll W7. Tbomilitaryfofce ofprovidedt » A rttedfrntfoa'of thetories were established in the Bight of Benin; VeryWettern Africa has already a large trade. Morecieasts, help to drive away the men who. under vari-W0$M www.fultonhistory.comIIISISI llll.^•WWBWf^J^,.,^^*.i*M>*i4 «—,W«".^jJ 