 emt wwbnebei a mmade ea a tang stick or a lamttaat am the mama thsewa oat by paBtirtaas andVice President of th e shoemakers Association preliminary matters having been disposed of,Severalahoethejourneymen had been cut down one-third, and that, too, wbentheoriginalamountstheyearnedwereInadequate to the support of their families. The ladias had a part to perform in preventing the recurrence of such oppressive acta.Hewa one of the first who by gbjantir dams and races, attrodnoed sluictog at tha Hanging Bock, and at the thee restored the declining prosperity of that gold fletd He reeded~r-I B'*^^ •** ass]••* b««er pnoe than we n a n already been paying, and we won% W e shall keep onr goods on hand, and by not making up stock, the ssarkat arm, la due nam, be dialto a healthy condition, whan work will, doubtless, ha reiof foalingera" sadno overtsad I think they have generally a high degree of respectfor the manufacturers. doyoucarryonyourb a n toft youtMAXTTIOX*M— My acquaintance and formalmFarmagton, baa brought the hauls or that town down heretome,andIbangivenmyworktothemtodo. I have probshty put out more work to this manner than any otter employer here. So far, the strike has not af toctod me at all, and I have no idea that it will oo so.[Thia manufacturer has never given a targe quantity of work to iwver journeymen.]ItitroaTsn—Howlongdoyouthinkthestrikerswillhave towaitbeforetheirdemandsareaccededtofhUarTAfn SIB I think about three months If the journeymen hold out long enough the manufacturers will certain!y ban to any them their prionREPORTS*—A good deal a said here about the poor work oT country workman; what a your opmton?bU-vrTjrrrHKR—It hitrue that many of them a n not flint rate, bat they a n generally rehab le.Banana—Why is it that so much good feehng exists between the bom and striker, and that contributions ban been made rbU-vrrjktsnont—Because we most b a n the good will of the workmen. We can do nothing unless they like us. We have atid nothing to thane m en about our being op- posed to the strike, snd have aSo ved them to come freelythat theof havingI, Wiluam E.New York, do make snd publish thia m y last will s a dat follows —Firstly—I g r n , bequeath and devtae all my estate, bothreal and personal, wbatooever. sad wheresoever situate. to my aaaaaama, aanaaataa named. and to the survivor of them OTSuch of them aa shall act. to have and to holdDietMr. Lot C. Clark, who acted to drawing up the win, was examined —Bad be had known the ififteen yean; bad traaaartort mom af hihim during that time. waswith hta brother, Mr. HenryffgffiM 13 REV £KGU0.MEETWfi Of THE STHKERS.0 9RB lAHFPACTOSIEB OF DOVER.P H I vt AMPVW, n e w xsasafwure, ^M rf the ara^si brvnelMW rf imin ittbeMEW YORK HERALD, MONDAY, MABCH 5, M60.-TBIPLI SHEET. ishe liiJUiiwitJ—•>— «r torn, a d onegm the m l remma£""*aaJhmm. the nanalawn ainniacntrenamiIt a aweaafcfe to a palgab*.? aV **T oaaeamm m a n than toree-fourths of the entinMr. Gnoaan F. KELLY, one of the journeymen, made a spiritedaddresstothemeeting. Hewantedtoseesome excitement—some movement of an orderly character— which wouldtottbe manulactunrs know they were"up and doing.'' The animal was down—they had got their foot upon bai neck, and the only way to make him squirm wss to bear an their whole weight. The speaker said he "went in" tor a procession—a big one—and if they couldn't "go it' with a brass band, why, let them turn^^,mZmZtTmby theFrom all the information we could rather, the opinionwhich a performed by the adhering to their determination, the maautectnren will of nhnpng the upper eventually be brought to their terms. They acknowledge that the use of machinery to the manufacture of shoesIt a them returned to the lactory, w h e n iBSCTnpedsnd finished, the ahoe a cleaned, bang ap ID try, aad finallyiwill m thia manner make, on an aver- taf aboee a day, or a caae and a half per at the eta prion, they would be paid a* a day ea;h at the prices now de- Mem between them aa advance ofhtty live esea, or. from SI 15»$1 Seech.ahaa of ana wart * doae b y formers, who take two or •rat eaaa with them into the country; hot the regular"Java' wen. at ahem which a n rented Gar the tyssajeefan*feet by a n to the extent at batsat the rate of a shilling a•earner a n called " aThe striken fartheraffirm that then a notasurplus of the aeata and his own of goods greater than than has been in other yean, but that the difficulty constats to a diminution of the demand. It la anitsarj a mat g*at several of ton manufaeturereyean at this season. What a your opinion tA. I think that is true I remember seven! seasons when jast as many goods have been to the marketasshoemakers mustered in such strong force that they were able to nominate in the place of the gentlemen originally spoken of, three of their own number It Is understood, however, that no political importance a attached to the movement.A noticeable feature of tile strike in Haverhill is, that since it was declared, on the 23d of February, not a drop of intoxicating liquor has been sold in the town.January FebruaryJuneJuly August SeptemberDecember Totaldeiives from the twothe prion atnch far a n one thone of Haverhill and otherThey a n an advance of threeaa of the regular workmen of the city, an1 otnts upon those of the "farmer joun,*' whowhohan already "atruck" and twenty five, but before a ween n » probable that name fifty m a n will join 1MBthey man unable to do beretofore be- they had work on hand which they w e n obliged to to receive their wages. Thoaa in Dover thanfartojamthestriken,either or necessity, a n n o t more than innumber,andinthemaarnaatrevernacularof the trade a n celled by the euphonious name ofNo particularly 01 feelings exam between the twobut every effort of persuasion a mate to induce the tojomtothemovement, gameof themcontinuetowork for the bosses at the reduced wages, but whenever a case of stack has been aparted on its way to a "scab," the "Yeitance Committee of the strikers have to a body calleduponhamtoinduce himtowannaahaworkandm- turn it to toe manufacturer Considerable stock baa been sentoutoftowndagutoedinooffeebags,candleboxesways catenated to evade discovery: but in in- it the striken have steadily pursued a temper ;y,sad exertssed more moral aaaamn than phyforce. Work has even been sent h e n .from Natick. of seventy-five mike, and the committee then have followed u to ita daotiaaatoa hen tor the same pur- nose, la one or twomamacos the"striken" have oarried the stock hack, because the bewildered "scab'' had not the conscience to do it himself, but this has been done chiefly in the cases of unpopular "bosses," and theone or tore aotoama have they succeeded in inducing the countrymen to return it to the shop.BBTCasan—What wages b a n the workmen been reosiv- ingthta winter?the last thirty$200. bearingthe habit of borrowing money from himfor thaiyean.The esanatoattan of Dr. Edgar waa b a nthe present- At the next mooting he ta to wndsai h a bookstoshow what transactions have taken piece b e - tween himself and Mr Henry Seguine for the last fin er six yean.Mr B P . Winant, being sworn, waa examined by Mr.ACBradley,counselforthedefomtont--8aidheresided"hurrah!">Lu»rrAcn-nxB—Ihardlythinkthatisthecase. AsI Hewantedtoseeitstarteatearlytothemorning,when manufacture on commission, I do not feel anything of the the sun waa getting up, march through the streets where kind directly, and I have not heard the Boston merchants tbe bosses bred, and give a hearty hurrah thatcollect and receive the rente and pronto, interest, dividends and income thereof, and to apply the asms to the am of my daughter Virginia during her natural fife, with power to the said trustees, in their die cretion. at and upon the marrtoge of said Virginia, to advance to her, by way of outfit, a sum not to exceed $3,000, sad at and upon her decease, to convey and trans- fer the said one third part of such residue, or the proceeds thereof, or the securities in which the same may be in vested, to such person or persons aa my ssid daughter Virginia shall, by her last will snd testament, or instru- mentijn writing to the nature of a last will and testament,direct or appoint; or, in case of her death and failure to make such direction or appointment, and leaving lawful issue, the same shall be divided among such issue, each child of hen then living to take one equal share, and the£8JU3,29e. Itototnecorrespondingdateofamyearthe ahipmeato amounted to i.tlxjoga oa.. or W tons 6 c w t 2 qr. 34 lb. 7 oi , ef Ute value, to tha same rate, £8,248.380.In the following table the quantities brought toss Mel- bourne by tbe eseorto from all the gold fields, are gives for three months ending on Saturday In the hat aotonm will be found the total for the corresponding period of ISM.—Total for 186t.... ^ 5SnJMg> TotallorlsM 006,48$ Tbe deficiency between the viald of these three aaaiha aad that of the corresponding three months of 181$amounts to 00,480 ounces, or to very nearly a fortnight a production at the present average T h a falling off m a y be traced to various coexisting ranaa tbe scarcity efVI TKtTSnrflOFTHl3TBTEE. the intelligent a n dcomplain of any falling off to their Southern trade. What- etertke ifiramHwaai may be the people af One South must haveshow,andtheyhavegettobuythemfrom m.These are the views entertained by three-fourths of the manufacturers of Dover.A DSMOCBAT VIEW OF THE SUBJECT.As an offset to the above statement we give the "points'of a conversation with Mr. Thomas J. Spurhng—one of the two or three democratic manufacturers of the town—and the only one who baa agreed to pay the striken the pricea they demand. In good seasons he employs some seventy- five workmen, and manufactures about 2,000 pain ofwould make them imagine Gabriel was blowing bis horn; and if the joun shouted in proportion to the dimensions of theirlungs,thebosses would think Gabriel badcome sure, and was sitting aa one of the nearest clouds.Laughter and applause.) Mr. Guppy, in concluding, called the attention of the shoemakers to the girls in the Dover mills, who, be said, were at present working for prices that barely kept son! and body together, and made an eloquent appeal to the striken to remember, to fu- ture, that the mutual protection o f the mechanic embraced not only the males, but the females, and that the atter, by reason of then* helplees condition, had claims upon their sympathy which m tbe day of prosperity they ought never to forget. (Applause.)The meeting was then adjourned until the following evening.These gatherings of the striken are frequent,and if they have no other effect, the enthusiasm which Is thus generated promotes that confidence and oourage which a necessary to make their cause successful.HATXBHILL.Considerable excitement prevails here, but there havebeen no overt acts on the part of the strikers. Seme four hundred have joined in the movement. On Friday night a republican caucus was held by the citizens for the pur-have orders on band which are yet to be Oiied.Of one of the most intelligent workmen we asked to want cause be ascribed t h a fulling off in the trade, a n dh * repiv was as laconic as it was comprehensive " I t a hadpoiaytorthe peopleofNew Engtandtocrowd those am. Western merchants don't pay. and the only oasa Who can. We dont wantad wo mat gat theether "bam of feehng extols between the journeyman endThe trades and «»I»T of the insolvent* wen.—1 ac- countant. 1 auctioneer, 2 bakers, 1 blacksmith. 1 billiardA rebel fnnd of soma $300 has shandy been col — — ,and anon wit totiow an aeon as it a clearly evi- dent that tbe striken will stand out to the last-On tha pamt we had an interview with a little knot of the journeymen in something hke the following style.—•tannin fhiypaa the funds give out, what can you so*"Jom"—BaJWVBgotossa,peddlepeanuts,digpota- toes, chop wood siiythlng rather man trim and peg' st law pawn wa bare hasn receiving. .say of you work individuals s t ton if they won offered now?should promise t o keep upandnot gin oatmorecheap workto com—Itla a singular state of again that induces to assat you by contributions—bow do you ac-Jocn.—a ell, they can't do without us. We i o their best work, we have voted with them, we have built them op hen, made them rah, and jnatsssoonas the strike a"wtr interest too well not to employ us tai Maaj iliirtn iiisimr r f a awat/na fii •af aa cases hen are democrats, wh»sow bem afraid to vete from fear that the bosses, mhoare—Isitthoughtamongtneworkmenthatthere a any other enase besides aa overstock of goods in the market. for thetow wages you bane been receiving"Jan.—Yea Same of those Boston fellows, like our own senses, bar* been preaching nigger for the bat tw o «ttrnyem,andaefcpws>OWa* that the amOkemen*n psotov tfrei «fesntonj* > £ » J ^ ^ j £ t*L"fl wn*li^mmtelaajti«aad-ss* Tkot'tamongtheahseanabmaadallybecomingmorepoliticalin tin tendency and relations. They a n said to hold the " balance of power" to New Hampshire, and the mostboxtothedepot:Jamas E.Hilton,an expreaaman,who wa» also witness to some of the depot disturbances, John A. Thurston, the City marshal, who described the Wiliowtor 1 waiter. Of these aatotes, 13 involved liahlMltos un- der £100 83 from £100 to £300; 13 from £200 to £300: 1 3 from £890 to £600 6 from £660 to £1,000 9 from £1300i.M-A. AnyThirdly—I g i n and bequeath to my wife, Jans livings ton,forsnd during the term of her natural fife, an annui- ty or clear yearly sum of one thousand dollars, to be paid to her by my said executors to tour equal quarterly pay mento, commencing from tha date of m y asesaa such provtaton for my add wife to be accepted and received by her m lieu sad anabanatton of all dower and chum in my estate and befon receiving the first quarterly pay- ment an account of such annuity, my said wife shall exe cute and deliver a proper a n d sufficient release o r r e lessen of all dower and of all totoreat and claim upon my estate, real and personal, in such term as my eaneuton shall require.Fourthly—I direct all the rest, residue a n d remainder af my estate, both real and personal. to b e divided into three equal portions, one of which, after the sale thereof, as hereinafter provided, together with tbe rents, income and profits thereof, until such sale, shall be transferred to and held by Dr. John J. Crane, of the city of New York, one of my said executors to trust, to collect and receive the interests, di- vidends and income thereof, and to apply the name to the use of my daughter Cecilia during her natural fife, with power to said trustee, to his dtacretion, at and upon the marrtoge of said Cecilia, to advance to her, by way ofbedwhen vnfittog himby Mr. Jan 8. Bsnnet. who had been sitting ap <thai deceased had been dehTtons; thai was m the begm ning of October ssid Mr. Basnet aba told firm that whan deceased wake up be did aat appear to be collected atthat time aeeeaad drank from three gills to a fans of brandytotbetwenty-fourhoan,buthaInnagblhasBated waa to tot usually vigorous state asm that gout hi the head reither causes the patient to bedelirious, and that symptoms of todtoatod whan gout to the headta i when asked whether be w a s underto Mr. Henry Seguine, atid be both wasenergetic determination, moderation and good have given them an inftnence among their fellowMr. George Coldhath, the President of the Shoemaker's Union, and Chairman of the "Strike Committee,' is pro bably the most prominent among them. B e is a youngthan twenty-seven y e a n o f age, well in- i, nearly all of the afaoemaken are— and appears to have the unbounded confidence of h a over whom he presides. H* has nved in Doverand a toe foreman of the "STOWS" shoes a week.Q. To what cause do you ascribe the strike?childrenofanydeceasedchildofhentotakejointlyone water,thediversionofthetaboroftheminerstoprepara-equal share thereof, by representation: or, in esse of her tions for ensuring a steadier supply for the future, aad to death without leaving lawful issue, then the same to go tosnd be divided among her two sisters, Cecelia and Rosme; of their preliminary works. It must be borne to minddescribed.Mr. Wn. J. Bead is a somewhat older man—probablyA. I took upon it mainly aa the rauU of the agitation which km taken place upon the question of dowry, and anthirty-five and a asm universally respected b y both theaaiiiilaHiirara and the community There a "no load of interference with the politioi qf the South.or. in esse of the death of said ataten, Cecelia and Roeine, the whole to go to the survivor.learned lumber a ms head," but he has a stock of goodQ. T o what extent do you think the business has been effected?A. 1do not believe there are two thirls as much business in the wade thia year as then was tost year at this time. The amount of falling off in my own business has been fully that proportion, a n d I manufacture on commission from Boston houses.that not one of the associated enterprises recently tasti toted has been sufficiently long in operation to permit of any return being made.Inthe following table, compiled by Messrs. Wdltam Clarke &Sons, the monthly shipments are given from the opening up of the gold fields to the ctase of test jear —common sense, which when speaking to his associates. itodoneuponitpreviousto comesemtoshort,snappingsentencesthattelllikegrape>af a MM • drvwtod in two pane.>of the eat ;of tbe naajin, and preparing to*tarhnieaUy called, "uppen" an thenshot These two are a fair sample of the personnel of the committee of striken, and. in connection with the rest. exercise a healthy and restraining influence.WHATTHE9XBIKKB8sAV.Sixthly—One other of said equal third partsof such residue, after the sale thereof, ashereinbefore provided, together with the rents,inosme a n d profits thereof, until aueh sale, shall b eheld by my daughter, Cesilia Burton, and the seat JohnJ. Crane, and the survivor of them, or such as shall actto trusttosoltoct snd receive the naa andprefito,interest snd dividends, and income thereof, and te appb/the same to the one of m y daughter Roeine daring her March naairal life, with power to the said trustees in their dis April creaen to advance to her by way of outfit a sum net to May exceed $3,G0s, and at and upon h e r deesase t o eonveyand transfer the said one-third part ef such residue, orthe proeeeds thereof, or the securities in which the samemay be invested, to such person or persons as my saiddaughter Rosme shall by her last will and testament, or October instrument in the nature of s last will and testament, November direct or appoint: or in case of her death and failure tomake such direction or appototment, a n d leaving lawfultasue, the same shall be divided among such asue, eachabild of hen then living to take one equal share, and thechildren of any deceased child of b a n to take jointlyone equal share thereof by representation . orto case of her death without leaving lawfulttsuc, then the same to go to and be dividedamong her two sisters, Virginia and Cecilia or, in case ofthe death of either of said sisters. Virginia or Cecilia, thewhole to go to the survivor.1841. 1862. 1880. 1854. Go. Oat Cm. Oa.'— 180.0T6 286.6452 178,148 — U2JM2 180 678 908,281 — 107,408 180.460 282.011 — «2,5i« 147.941 116,877— 84J/76 169,641 237.10*(At routa was as anaty ssoat aseWC been wid <u there out as did tbe strikers of "70—witii a drum amt toss and fife. (Applause.) He wanted a celebration worthySarah Parker, the tody appointed to visit Marblehead and Danvers. reported that a t Marblehead s h e induced one of the two persona there who seemed legitimate sub- jects of her efforts, to agree not to take work out of LyonWeairmmda» tneaat,sndthatawn ban acted. Now,Vthe hianas thaevil allatonce,weto their1, w f CKD I f l v Vi, through the Pont Office, will to onr ssnahhahnmnte whan countrymen were taking eut stock; bat they b a n always been poaceahie /and in onlybUxTMCTcaxR—A1! the way from ten to sixteen cents.They have struck tor sixteen, seventeen and eighteencento,accordingtothequality of thework. I ban not ground, to plantapatchban sndthere,andtoyupthe paid aa much as the rest of tbe employers—only from ton proceeds against a "rainy day." No man in such to thirteen cento.KXPORIKB—Do you think the price demanded a too high Itroublous times should depend on sboemaklng alone. Again h e would advise them to refrain from spending money, even for a band, because it was of more imporM^awtaeTomm—Assuredly n o t Last year w e paidthem all the prices now demanded, up to November, tones to pay for necessaries than luxuries. Let andtheywouldhavebeenpaidsostillhadthetimesper thebandbeunanimouslyinvitedtoplayforthem,andhe mittedtt. had no doubt they would nothesitate to rememberoutfit,asumnottoexceed$3,000,andatanduponher atRoasville,8.L;hadknowntnedeceasedthirtyfiveorRXPOKIXB—Supposeyoushouldyieldtothedemandof thosetodaysoftrouble,whointimesofprosperityhadforty yean; waa fifty yean old himself be snd deceased wenechoolboystogether,batattarrleceasedwanttoVa- ginahadnot beenvery *1tnwitT withhim;deceased had for the last ten or twelve yean Ithe striken now, what would be the result?hUsTTAcrt BXB—It would probably not be a month be-remembered them. In regardTO their procession, when It did take place he hoped it would be an orderly affair. Unless it wa* so, its moral effect would b e entirely de- stroyed; in fact, every dereliction of duty on their part was a drawback to their final success. The eyes of tileQ. Seme of the strikers contend there a no larger sur-sixty pun. The second part seemstoprevailgenerallyamongthe"strikers that by plusofgoodsonhandnowthanthenhasbeeninprevious poseofnominatingselectmenfortheensuingyear,butthewill to some extent aflect their own interests, but they now. It a the limited demand for these goods from thethink it will have a further and m e n desirable tendencyto drive out of bestoees the thomanda of country "joun'who now glut the market with poor work, cut down theprices, and brmg Sato datrepute a branch o f New Englandmanufacturesansawhichthousandsdependtortheirsub- A.1donotthinkthatamajorityofthemdo,becausesassnss B y estabUahing a fixed scale of prices, and through the mutual protection aaouiaUona which are everywhere being formed among them, regulating them according to the demand and supply, they hope to male their wages aa fixed as tbe price of stock, and thus cor- rect the unhealthy competition which is continual!"? vary tog the market value of goods, and destroying the flrst rate standard of workmanship^The controversy seems to have dwindled down to the single point—poor work or good wages; and.ag k>ng m the journeymen can hold body and soul togeajWlhey say they arm not give up the rights for which they have struck. They chum that mere are thousands of men in the country who ought to b e cutting bushes instead ofa, but who at an outlay of a dollar for tools, a week's time tor practice, b a n been enabled to take the work out of their hands, and fotet shoes upon the community aa a prone article which a n Utile better thanso many paper rags. The consumer ' a consequently aande to suffer from the economy of the manufacturer, the journeymen suffer, the trade suflen, and, in a word, an evil is wealed whose only remedy a in itselftheir votes have been more or tarn influenced by their employers, and they have not token interest enough in tbe poiitia of the country at targe to understand tbe sub- ject.Q Can the manufacturers at present afford to pay the prices which the strikers demand'A. Not under the present circumstances; but the prices are no more than they ought to have to enable them toliveQ. In what mode do you think tha discrepany betweenthe supply and demand can be removed so as to secure better prices''A- In the first place, I believe it will be a kmg time be- fore we shall sell aa many goods South as we have hereto- fore done: so that tram that quarter we cannot expect our usual trade. In the second pace, if the manufaoturen would "slack up' in their business, and, like the work- men . refuse to manufacture goods. it would necessarily bring up the price, result to a first rate clam of work, a fan* profit snd living wages to the journeymen.KBWBP APEBraocssDnang AT LTNN, MASS.1,669 248.396 175,269 82^173,441 S22A60 166.021 139.248 140,127 131,16'i 334.964 288,673145.146 1.974,976 2.487,723 2.144.099 1866. 1866. 1867. 1858.OB. Oat. Ots. Ots. 180.917 319.660 306,001 206.79*! 187.274 219.687 188JM6 200.786 136,663 326,740 212,1*7 224,717 320,906 282.506 t$0.080 171391 132.715 23fe,s24 164.571 240.314 236,213 196.608 161.3&3 175,002 196.983 127326 247.086 286 287 291,626 329.OS0 197.462 238,683 263.986 142,929 249,986 187402 282,707 207,623 829326 221,610 282,837 163,722 223.922 235.893 142472 350,656 197,661 178,016South, w h e n they mainly g o , which keeps the market overstocked.— 162,242 — 170,411 18 172,090 — 161,138170,360 186.230 228.02ft 31\ J74146,768 300,660 144,188 173,280y. Do the journeymen generally look upon the matter in this light?•9A. 1 do not think that manufacturers, aa a body, have done more than to exchange an old dollar for a new one, in other words, they have made their interest a n d e x pensesQ. Is then good reeling between the mauuoctunn and workmenvA. Yes, but the "toon" ask as this—"If you sunt afford to pay our pricea, why don't you stop and let the prices ran? You b a n refused to Help us. and you won't2,676,746 3,803311 2,72»,fl§6 2416.876Q. What has been the profit on goods for the last yearhelp yourselves.,: complaint-T h a baa been a general subject ofVirginia and Rottoe, and for my stepson, wm. C. Burton, so long as he may reside with them; but the same shall not remain unsold longer than during the minority of m y youngest daughter Rostoe.FJghthlv—Until my country sent at Glen Oove. »r eitherof my houses in the city of New York, shall be sold,either of them may, with tbe permaaion and at the optionlaver, 6 butchers, 1 cab proprietor, 4 carpenters, 1 ear rier, 2 carriers agents. 4 clerks, 2 conxmtoaon agnate, 10 contraeton, 1 coach driver, 1 coal narchant, 1 dairy- man. 1 draughtsman, 1 engineer. 4 farmers, 1 gardener, 2 gentlemen. 1 grocer, 1 homoepathic practitioner 1 m- terpreter, 1rmptemont maker, 1 merchant. 7 anaan, 2 painters. 2 plumben, 1 poundksapsr, 1 printer, 1 produce dealer, 6 publtoans. 3 restaurant keepers. I schoolmas-THK POLmCAX VTBW.From these three conversations which fairly and fullyrecord the sentiment* of the ^strikers,"—the republicansand tbe democrats—may be gathered the prevailing ideassad several of tha tatter have contributedto the of the striken while they remain cat of on the subject. Then Is no question that this movement who was present during the trouble shout the carpenter'sand dacretion of my executon, be used without chargeby my daughters, Cedlta, Virginia and Rosine and my ter. 1 ateaghteraaeu. 6 storekeepers. 1 surgeon-1 travelstronaons efforts a n being made to mate it available to street disturbance, in which be was atruck, and some onestepson. W C. Burton, or either of them, so long as they respeenrory remain unmarried, as a jotot home, and in rteu ofany share of the rents and profits of the share of my GkenCove property until the sale of the whole thereof, my said to £g,090. 6 from £2,000 to £6,089. Of eight the habib step-eon,W.CBurton,shallbeentitledtoreceivefrombeeenaotstated.OTtheremainder,onewastothethe republican party, in the coming State election onTuendsy next. A s stated baton tat sadana u rapidlysaamajsnawd that Northern interference wUh the poiitiaaf the Sooth hat bem the whole COMK of the trouble and im theeffortsU>counteracttai**m\thestrikenhamalreadystreetrow.CharlesP.Flint,shoemanufacturer,whosawbeams to suspect that the aontributumt at the -bosses' art more mercenary than sand, and that their object w rather to secure vales than aford relief. It was stated to our reporter by one of the journeymen shoemakers, that over seventy democratic voters have been heretofore kept away from the hall, because republican "bosses" ware the arbiters of their livelihoodFOR AOn Friday evening another targe meeting of the strikenwas held in Moml's Hall, for the purpose of perfecting ran officer struck three or four tunes, John Q. Belmont. police officer, who waa present at the Willow street row, Richard Conner, foreman for George W. King, whs saw Buckley take a box from a wagon, D S. Thrasher, pottos officer, do.; Wm. R. Tyler, do John Austin, do. Theas continued this forenoon s t nine o'clock.Another targe—crowded—meeting of tbe female striken held last night, at Lyceum Hall. It was pregstod ever at first by James Dillon. who called the meeting to order at seven o'clock, and threw o u t a Tew very afafnl suggestions as to order, regularity of proceedings, energyofpurpose,sc.,&e. Headvisedthemtoadheretothe supportoftheprinciplethatthepricesoftaborshouldbe regulated by the laaanr. He reviewed the grievances under which those engaged to the various processes oftween the anus and liahiBtttaDoctor Vert, amla A injSjajtTJBf O F THE PBOCESHION—BTIKCHEb, ETC.[From the Armidale (Australia) Express, Dec. 12.]A aad gloom wsa earn onr thai place (Bacery River) by the death of Dr JameeR. Fort, to the prime of fife, whichSTBIXSBS—ABBjUKiKXXNTBtheirorganizationandsnakingarrangemena fo a public demonstration. The meeting was called to order and pre- sided over by Mr. Wm J . Reed, one of the committee, andtook place late oa Wednesday evening. 9th Noveatber Mr. Fort was s native of the United rthai i yearn ago, beenlargelyengagedinmimng•peculationsTweirthly—I hereby dispose of snd eonsmit the custody Bnroasun—Baw long do yon expect to wait befon the of the occasion and the place,—"a regulnr DouBter, ' and at reduced prices. At Danvers thirty-two signed a paper and tuition of my danghten, Virginia and Rosine, duringmanufactunnyield,teyour demnnds* if they couldn't have that, it wasn't wortii wbik to have Jorm-One m two of tham m y they WUI^BOW; * • anything (Applause.) Farther—if they hadn't got a others say thaw will when the rem do We've hantod the neat, let aothing be nid about a, for the bosses wouldeomtarythnagh for that feltow, "Best," but he don't chuckle at them for their ausfortune, and it would be thrown in their faces th&t they were now reaping what""naroaana—What do yon ihhtk the bosses a n waiting they had planted. Above all no man among them should be so untrue to himaeli or to his comrades. *.< to yaid oneagreeing to the same terms. their respective minorities, te my daughter Cecilia, whom Mary 1) Poster, from the same committee, reported 1 henby appoint their testamentary guardian.hat the had seen many in Marblehead who had agreed And,tartly, I nominate and appoint my daughter. Orv co operate to the same way.The committee to visit and invite the military to comeout, as escort with the procession of Indies, reported that the City Guard wouaf probably come out, out would de- cideatthecompanymeetingonMondaynight.they were arm, the time would come right soon, but ifBnronrns- In vouaoptoion, what is the speediest rome they wavered hi their duty, the day waa lost and defeat a ledy who was too modest to speak. It urged an absti-cilia, and my friend. Dr. John J Crane, execntors e f t h a a y hat will and testament, hereby authorizing theai to compound and compromise my debts due tfrom me to others. and I berebv n n k e all former• wiUaand codicils by me at .whereof I have hereunto set m y band < dnyofLtae«mb«-,im ^^k ^tiST^ HBmrnr A Csun, Irving phae, 2^T ?£0 «Sra\witiaas.acton IrAtme, we learn of an eloeesmat by \ a | the direction of Pittsburg,'and who, it was suppuaed,meathave not heard of them at thehare. W eJon—Wa •milIMII they an waitingfar tha Bostontotoofharightoto the persuasions «i th»"bosses" Vtrade to raae on the prices.Mr. Dillon then read an interesting communication fromnam'svdy for tha difficasyJocs.-8bnpty tor the hoan to my he wont make sayne baa a price that will stonsto him m they oughtt aha'^strme'Jon—Tn.oae andhesasd he wonMpaynant hated. sad whan we •topped he'd stop too. But Itwould not bo policy to work at yi assat,certain.(isoacx Hens—another "jour," said that m Manchesterthey hwd a. drum and fc- fourteen 'lays io succession—be didn't see why they couidn t have them ben. They might as wall be marching as standing still, and it would a toast mt the people know they were Htiive and kiskmg."One of the sttrkers h e n moved that seventy-fin m e n be appointed on the vigilance committee.HAnathar smended the motion by suggesting that they clntoU'T themselves a vigtlsnce oomntitie of the whow—nence from all unwomanly actions, s n d tbe exertion of every (Sort in a cause ao worthy.Tbe most perplextog part of the evening's business— the cobsideraiion of the bill of wages—was then intro- duced by the Chairman.Mn Mary A. Daman objected, .saying that such a sub ject could not be property considered in the meeting. If the matter was to be brought upto an again, it should be discussed by the committee, and not by a promiscuous aedieuee, containing many psraans who understood ao.Una*W. Fowraa,SB. 1F^^^jSrTork,wnans. SSLt^lTnmSLas^^of pro-•ajaryamnjhtso TheyanwuTrngtopay sadthisbeteg*puttothemeeting,wssunsmmonaryagreed moreaboutmartitnawork than some ofthe2«££wasaaasa, largelyinbadmoney.omcenHer- STwramt,of the iliastiirf tone, vaaad the ansae• " S B amafi twenty counterfeit tola, sainaiiltaa young i to passing a counterfeit $30 bill, who miatbeobtaineditofBarrill,andi"a counterfeit bill of turnupon thei1*1• brother m-iaw. a bar-dtod soddenry on the tad to the aatpictonfsnat pramto a pat sf as. ssaaaas onr good shoes oeipHan(Laughter.)Mr. Dillon explained that the matter o ftaken up wrong end foremost, snd be tiderstion of all that had bean done.Mrs. Damon made a vary energetic speech, to she urged harmony, but iuanisil on bar view of theMr. Willard F Ofirnr came forward, and made an »m m panation about having altered the figures *J m^mrmreports, the adoption of the ether, and the naa oftfaeaetioB ofthsadas. _ — voted to It WM finally, after much * » ^ J i f S 2 * t i o n a r y wtih1.avethewholenatter of^ * ^ i T t e « » ar toeeommiuce Thaita^Z^ZZJZ,* a*seve-al targe rangedtoordertogamtheas io""Thomas M. Tryniski 309 South 4th Street Fulton New York 13069' ^ j y ^ fMnr |jjautDsa BUST, an intafligent workman and nBkavespanker, then BIIIIIannul the meeting. This strike, beBtodwan all sort] attracting tbe attention of the wnoiecountry. andamassamsksn should take courage atttmfast thai theyjmd the sympathy of ajar.J"»*f**««* fact thai tneynaa wewjunmiuj *»°>»>j—T»~coamsnnlty He fcnred that many of them would beda seattened.ant then was hardly a atorekeeper in to#n mho was not willaur to trust them, and even g r n tbemT J ^ " j ^ r ^ a i ^ p a n c e . They bad thus tor 4 i, and he hoped theyThis and such funds as hta Qdjfo bed tineiy from time te tine te •***• (>had, aa tne uane uwm wnor expectation of paying n » »f° "***£lSJZsu band, whs hadwa* ha who. to wfflatoeesWetlasTto'SBtbarg'eivB Srdk*mmm mmthe r MMa now the*twan not far dtataai > — « M BBSJT e h d m o d ,iastiy and quietly —> — reserving ordert every 3ay,*nd•——already beginning to price, better work, tman. Ifnomore would hereafter b e made, uo more obloquy m a t upon Smtheiu anaaaatoa becausesupply, a henttby demand and a fair n of the Benefits of their labor, l b s said he regretted thai among other things which journey n a n of Dover had done, May bad not mad to shut up Ha grog shops. In Haverhillthe shops had all been cloned since the flrst day of the strike, and when be trad toast a glass of bear than the other day, he found it could not be had for k m nor money. The papers generally bad given them credit for being orderly, andhe hoped they would continueao. There bad bean some little excitement a t L ynn, but b e bad never seen a more orderly body of men eongregatod together. The raporton ban represented certain things in targe letteretatsome of the papers, because they wen fond of writing paragraphs HOI of incident, and mg capi- tals always made the Boston papers m i l ; but the natter had bean greatly exaggerated. sad an impression given to the public which wss not aarreet There was more or am of a bump of obstinacy on every man's bead but h e would advise every * — I M _ especially, to keep ti well "pegged dawn." When dealing with the " bom" May should remember that politeness snd moderation w e n more aaactive than the harshest mea- sures. The manufaeturere were entitledto respect, and as long aa they received It there was no fear that when the opportune moment arrived, they would cheerfully raise their prices snd gin them work. He counselled theworkmentoadheretotheirprices.Theywanlow enough—a cent or two lower than the prices of tne Dan- v e n shoemakers, a n d lens than he would allow himself to work for until b e was driven to the extremity of " life or death." Such shoemakers as had t h e opportunity to do so ;he would advtae to turn their attention to agricul- ture, and when spring came to drop a few seed into the>theh ewould ofNortherntrickery,batthanwouldbeathesameuponthetrass,andtoandtorthaossssadwillfortoedeceasedoaSunday,healthyBarneses hereinafter aaasaanad and set forth, and firstly. upon gas trusts to aafi, depose of, and convey and con- vert lbs same tote money, the time and naaanr of such sale to be entirely in dacretion of my executors.1MB, bet did sot hsben M ~ one. said the deseaha son for havmg gone down to Vrrgina hta father's orden.atao on account e f h a dnvmg so much, and for some haosaaea bath to brother; said at the time the will was drawn ap iDenied ever having said O a tfon there would be a state of aflhin simitar to thosewhtati exist at present; and from what I b a n heard othermanufaeturere say then a no disposition to accede to anysuch terms. We shall only pay when we can afford to. shoe makers of New England were upon them, and he and leavinglawful asue, the same shall be divided among Seguine.hoped, in conclusion, they would prove themselves worthyoftheircity,theirreputation,and theirbusiness (Applause.)such issue, each child of her sthen livingtotakeoneequal The Court then adjourned until the 1Mb! sharethereof,byrepresentation,orin case ofherdeathwithout leaving lawful « u e , then the same to go and b edividedequallyamonghertwosisters,VirginiaandBo- TheGeldFieldsat*Aaatrallav—CeatlataedTfawtor through the movement they seem to havetokenthingsintotheirownhands,andleft nothingforustodobut to came up to the scratch and say their pnoes. How-ever,thanisnodirectissuebetweentheshoemakersand manufacturers, because there is no opposition be-tween them. The cause of the trouble— and they knowit—toentirely beyond their reach, and tbe evil is one spirited audress. He said he believed in keeping the which can only correct itself. It is m y impression that spirit, already aroused, alive and earnest. Whatever if the workmen had waited until March, when business ausually brisk, they would then have a much better pros- pectofefleetingtheirobjectthanatthepresenttime.Barospmv—I have heard it stated that the strong antiSouthern feeling hi this section has affected the busmess? the homes "wake up" to tha fact that they were alive. of them or such as shall act in trust to 2 qr. 10 lb. 4 oa. troy, of the value, at £4 per eaaa, oftine,sndtocaseofthedeathofoneofsaid ataten,Vir Gazette was then loudly called for. He made a short and gtota and Bastes, befon Cedlta, tbe whole to go to the sur-nesiltae ta the Yield. [From the Melbourne Argus. Dec. 17.}The escorts last week were as much in excess ol averages as those or late have been b e k yieldhasfluctuatedverygreatlyduringtbe< ter,teathe general result has been to make the asMr. C. C. GVPVT, a gentleman connected with the Doverthey did, he hoped they would do with all their mightvivor.Fifthly—One otherofsaidequalthirdpartsofsuchresi- due, after the sale thereof, as hereinbefore provided, to-[From the Boston Traveller, March 3.] enthnstonm among the striken a t Lynn has notTheall abated, though the excitement has almost entirely sub sided. The "jonn" expieau greater confidence than ever it the success of their movements, and. while they work with renewed zeal, they have learned wadom from expe- rience, and are BOWmuch more orderly m their demon- strations than any body of Boston people, equal in number, would be likely to be while making similar dis- plays.Y esterdaytainly not torn than thai paraded, a n d after marching through the principal streets, went to East Saugua, a few mites distant. They were accompanied by the band, and made a fine display as they marched out of Lynn, up Mar- ket street and down past the CommonAfter reaihing their destination, they were treated to a cold collation from the establishments of Messrs. Josiah Starr and — Newhall T h e best o f feeling prevailed. After the luncheon, J a s a a Dillon, of L ynn, addressed the crowd from the door of the Spice Manufactory there, a n d soon after t h e whole crowd returned in procession t o Lynn. They re-entered the square at about six o clock, with numbers somewhat diminished b u t their seal a s warm as ever.During the afternoon the thai of the prominent striken who are alleged to have been concerned in the riot, was continued befon Justice Newhall. in a court room crowd- ed with spectators. T h e government concluded their case, snd the following wdneaaes w e n examined—Lieut. E. W. Mnrdsnt, who was present st one saeeting where one of the prisoners spoke favorably to stopping theex praam: O. M. Merritt, who beard Wood's speech in the square; £. T Bubier, (a brother of Sam), tt. Bubier,)Having some time since made a purchase of a piece of land a t Glen Cove, aforesaid, the conveyance o f which I procured to be made to my daughter Kosiue on account of the purchase money, for widen I paid fil.oso. leaving the tame subject to a mortgage for about $2JMX), I hereby direct that the sum of $l,0a0 be charged to the share of my said daughter Bosme, so s s to equalize the respective shares of my said daughters, snd 1hereby authorize and empower my executors to advance out of the capital of the share to this clause directed to be invested for the benefit of my said daughter Rosme. so much money as may be nan—i j' to pay off and aatisry the said mortgage So remaining upon the said lot conveyed to Koame.January February March AprilMayJaneJuly August September Oetotxr November DecemberThe records o f v.Eia E. flfitikthe lastmeeting w e nread byMas La-Untitled Documentafternoon about one thousandpersons—cerattempted to stab him: Wm. & Waitt, Jr.. a constable who aaw Murphy b a n a knife; Perkins H. Dow .police officer, who aaw tbe City Martha! struck in the Willowmy executors, out o f the rents a n d profits, or income of other portions of my estate, such sum aa with ths income ofhisone-fourthpartofthepartsofmyGlenCovepro- perty, sold from time to time, shall make $4M a year.Ninthly—And I do atoo hereby authorise and empower my said executon, or tbe survivors of them, or such ss shall act, to lease or mortgage all or any portion of m y real estate in their attention, and atoo in their daantioa te apply tbe proceeds of my persona: estate towards thepayment and sstisfsotion of any motrgages. hens, or other incumbrances on any portioa of my real estate other toan tbe mortgages on my real estate at Glen Cove, which ta te remain a charge upon the same, and to be paid out ef aha proceeds thereof.Tenthty—Ittamywill,sndIherebydirect,thatany andallmvestmenaitobemadefor thepurposes sfthe trusts henby created shall be made in bond or mortgage, or real estate, or to tbe public debt of the United States, or of the State of New York, or of the city of New York, snd that the tnisMnn under this will shall have full power to their discretion to call in and change toe s a d invest meatsastheymaydeempreperandadvtoaba.FJeventhly—I also authorize and empower m y said executon, during tbe flrst three n a n after m y decease, te apply out of the capital and principal of the shares ef my estate herein given to my danghten Cecum, Virginia and Roeine, such portions thereof s s they i s their discre- tion may see fit, towards the education and mniotenanoa of my said danghten respectively and the expenasa of a jotot home for themamount of £6.000 one £eJM8, one £9,«s9. sad mm £»,8aa. The circular atoo contains s ihttof ltaaagn mentoforthebenefitofcreditors The'Jam,bathafk- solvencieaandassignments,anlong,andexhibiteery aaaatisfactory result* as regards the proportoemanufacture m L y i n had been laboring,and immense interests they n o w h a d a t stake.showed Manyben for the last three yean, and by hta totegrhy, aaaveTness habits, and amable disposition, •* * «i*J**'JZlc:eoffriends. Bealwaystoo*alivelytnarestms* affairs, anvi tbe blank left in the district by bw earijjeawa deeeply lamented by afl. *«* same JJB ucarv-yij saaasaammew*-— - r , — —*"• t ^ f •'•^^MmsThta dsam ttwtn be only about three weeks P1*^*"8^ 1 oureut h a iltoeas beoctaoitog »o hta trin<^TMls7kmaaau7t»ahl bestow from »^noiT-si- *ii ih« attention that >iim"" ***TM*~.- - ^^Tr^^^JfJifr^^^Latartr from CsptamMoonaad his BCTjuamtascss, 'm2££m^nn followed to hkeR ahnosTatune |»puisttonrf Ihe^disgtaga. i rramto-^nrrom-mgeou^^me most respectabte ever witnessed to adJBirict.Etornattwr rs PcatBTLTAwti^—^rejMt tint'ACCOUNTS.a tSecondly—One equal fourth part of ute net proceedsarising from tbe sale o f all and atngutar m v real estatesituate at or near Glen Cove,to thetownof Oyster Bay,to the county of Queens, snd State of New York,shall be paid over by my said executors to my stepson.Wm. tOevetaad [Burton, or to hta executors, adminatratorsorassigns butthaprovtatonshalltoaowaa wenMr. interfere wah, or be used to interfere with, the exaraaa Dr. White, aadof the dacretion noted to m y exesuton as to time of Seguine witness said. in i A. W. Bradford (adecease to convey and transfer the said one third part of saidresidue,ortheproceedsthereof,orthesecuritiesinwhich the same may be invested, to such person or per-sons as my said daughter Ceciha ahsfl, by her tost willsnd testament, or instrument to writing in the nature of alast will and testament, direct or appoint, or in oase of herdeath or failure to mane such direction or appointment time, but through the agent or hta toother, Mr.If they got up a torch light {procession, it should be abrilliant one,if a procession bydaylight,itshouldbe getherwiththerents,incomeandprofitsthereof,untilsuch weeklyproductiontowerthanithasbeenduringanyprelarge and enthusiastic—a demonstration that would make sale, shall be held by m y daughter Ceciha Burton, vwoa quarter of the year aad tie andeaaaar.and the said John J. Crane, and the survivor The shipment*fortheyearamountto88 tons 13 cwt.Seventhly —It is my desire that my executors shall keepunsold, for such time as they see fit, ao much of myhousehold furniture as they to their dacretion may select,to be used in a joint home for aH my children, Cecilia, maker. 1 boarding house Keeper, 1 bootmaker, 1 brak^ ^ ^ ^ S r J ^ ItohofAprflnwxt.- "^t^^TmZawt.—taformation. saysM a ^ - C o ? ? p a r B m Feb., having been n - Buntaw ?****• ^ L , «« she Chief of Ponce, taadtag ?"T£ £Jt\toatMr Alonzo P Bum!!, at No. 16 StateMad dnrtog^taB^'^sst•"——- -• •'-,.-, •sprr'-r~r-r- —ef the gout. Br. D. A. Edgar waa eaaa'years; h a w i t h e date ofhabit of spending the summer with hta brother oa tha Island; had done some business for deeeased during thatTotalInsolvent Traders li[From the Melbourne Argus, Dec. 17.)Tbe November bmtmtmm Chrcuiar contains a bat af 91 toaolvento whose schedules were fltad daring that month.pence shouksabeen the lookoutPto. He was a Dane, yennvedto tha country net_and had been living to tbe faetily af Mr.the property of Major Ewtog, about three miter fromT h eWashington. on the Pttaberc Bake, M n B• flre T *!« m the amatj^g ^ Tney *•"sntol bflllliT aam www.fultonhistory.com 