 .s ^yeaHgotk 9hmBt toc^B^og, laimarpi, i860.bDUdiw 6Te Uundred mad two thouwnd mtm kuodied aad ainety-fiTe doUan and twenty-eighthmrfradandilxteeDdolUrs.U18Srtb*t<naa«ewM.: Bd tbatoili wereBdlka tolls were QalBLoo:'chempmed to retain the traffic and protect the latter class the railroads ate gaining rapidly.InMDiyarainst railroad competition within the If, therefore, the constdntly-incrMslng amount State. TUe may be tnie to a limited extent, and of fireigkt carried over the railroads has occasioned kotbat extent the State has complete power to a corresponding diminutioa of oar canal rerenoss •pptyaneffeetnalremedy. ThespiritoftheCon- untiltheinterestonthecanaldebt,formerlypaid •UtDtiqanadouiitedlyrequires that euch ratesof fromtheserevenues,hasnowtobedrawnbydirect tpD shfll be imposed as will yield the largest tazatiou from the people, ia there Sot an imperative"BMMint of revenue. In 1868 thepfthecanalswereooemillion,sevenhnndredand doubteitherthewisdomorthejusticeofreimpos- ixty-slx thousaad, six hundred and seventy-foar ing, for a few years,^ moderate toll per ton, during dollars leas Uiatf'the annnai constitutional charfas the season of^navigatjoo, apoo all ueiaht passing vyoBtbetf,endin 1869thedeficiency will reach overrailroadscompetingwiththeeaaau,orof re- COS.ylVVir.ninehondredandeigktythousand,one quiringthsssrosdstopayanaggregateeqnlvaleBt hundted and fifty dollars, making three million, in money, anmially, into the treasury, when the wtwen htmdred and forty-alx thousand, eisht hun- canals shall have been completed the railroads dred and twenty-four dollars, which lias been or should be relieved of a burden temporarily im- mnat be supplied by loans and taxes. The railroad posed, so that commerce may have the advantage cofopetition is directed mainly to the through of the quicltest and cheapest means of transit forthe TrMMOry <R>es not thereby receive theisoa. IMS. 8lDg Sing, males 1,(MS,J44.0«1,-..,-, •''•*"''*'*8.047,31)1.have steadily daeUdseid fran tbsile wflllnltl. susau •^M.^S hundred and On* thousand, As kuolied Md The lolls were reduced in the Winter of 1858, ninetj-nine d^lam and thli4y-OB»' eSitts, Ae thirty-three snd one-third per cent, on agriculturml amount in tWLtaone mUlioo, eight kuadradaad and fifty per cent, on merchandiie. In twelve thotisana two hundred and eighty dollars rr8o6d9utchtesr,e w» a further reduction of fifty per cent. and eighty cents tka amount In 1869, though the onmerchandiseandnon.enumeratedarticles,and totmagehasremainedaboutthesame,havingbean thiity-lhree and one-third per cent, on most a(ri- three milloD; five hondred sad sighty-two thou- eultnral products. The tonnaro for the rear 18i9 sand, seven hundred and thirtr-tbree toas in 1861, htanotyetbMn ascertaiiwd ; it will |Br>bably be and three million, six hundrea and sixty-five thou- eqaal to that of 1867. Th6 toUi for the fiscal ^ear sand, one Ifnndred and ninaty4wo ia lUIb The wM>>wceoDemilii«p«l|hthandndindtwalve lossintbllshssbeencausedbythedirenionfrom ttoDaand two hundred and eighty dollars and tlie canals to ths rsilroads of a large portion of dghtf cioU. Th« Canal tonosge of 18&8, at the those classes of freight which foimerlf paid Ugh rate of toll as fixed la 1867, would hare given a tolls and which the heavy reduetioDs la canal tolls Tsrenaeoftwo millioo seven handled and fifty- failed to retain, while the tonnage of the canals two thousand nine hnndred and twenty-five dot- has been maintained by the increase in those lais. 8*thatitisseentheStatehaslostoverone classesofheavyfieightwhichtherailroadscan- nulUoadollaiaintheredoctioaoftoilsin1868and notprofitablytraasport. Rxaminatiooahowsthat MM. the tonnage of the railroads Is largely in excess on 1h* tlMoiy advanced by those who favor the all classes of freight, except the products of the radoclion ia, that transit on , the canals must b« forest and vegetable food, and that even in the> 321.UI^-; Clinton, at>out four hun- the revennes of the canals as their entire and dred and three. The average number of recommit-Nothing, however, will so effectually increasedred and eighty-sevenspeedy completion,Is needed the sum ofKxebuive of Isnd damages, which arealso estimated atTOO.oqp 00Halting the total sum necessaryfor which it is eatimated there $iaaOfi*0 17ments at Sing Sing, for seven years past, has been twelve per cent, of males, and five and a half per cent, of^emales ; indicating that our prisons are to. a greater extent reformatory institutions than has Ix^n supposed.The expenses for the year ending Sept. 30, 1869, werrf;$I,9M,StO 37 Of which three hundred and twenty-one thousand, five hundred and seventy-one dollars is already to the leaving a balance to beSlog Sing, males Sing Sing, femalesStogSing, total AuboFn...: Cllatoo, ....L$118,410 07 B.023 87•1^8,439 94 79.87*97 71,018 67applieaoleprovided of one million, six hundred and fifty-eight thousand, nine hundred and sixty-nine dollars and thirty-seven cents.It cannot be denied that there have been mis-takes in the past, arising in part from erroneousestimates, in consequence of which a larger debtthan was necessary has been created for the en- and repairs, nine thousahd seven hundred and lugaoMot of the canals, and their completion has ninety-nine dollars and sixty-seven cents at Sing been imduly postponed. The result has been to Sing ; seven thousand two hdndred and thirty-purpose,^nnwifw A lieavy burden upon the people without theu hATOig thus far derived all the benefit whichthey anticipated^ These mistakes are, however, matters of the past, important to us only from the leapooaiUlltles and duties they impose upon us.The canals are to 'remain the property of the Slate. Their sale, inexpedient at any time, even ifpermittedbytheConstitution, wouldbe doubly ao at a period when, by unwise legislation and un- centrolled competition, their revenuea have been reduced to the lowest point, and when their com- pMien, how so soon to be realized, yiOl enable us toreapthe ftuits of the aacrificesandexpendi-seven dollars snd forty-six cents at Auburn, and three thousand nine hundred and fifty-six dollars and thirty-six cents at Clinton.The eaminga during the same period were :tures Mtberto made. It is bothpracticableandadvisable to entirely complete taembeforetheopening of navigation in 1861, and to obtain da theEne and Oswego canals the full water-way ofseven feet in depth by seventy in .width before theopening of navigation the present ye^. I stronglyntge that this be done, even if it should be neces- sary to delay the opening for the passage of boats a few days longer than ordinary.The amount of interest on the debt which theLegislature has^nnuaHy to provide is as follows : Oaths newCanal Debtof$12,000,000, con-'tractedla 18M $710,000 00 On the Geaeral Fund Debt, cbarge^le toibeSloUng FundOn the sev^al loans contracted to meetcasual deficits for Canal purposesOn School and Gospel Fund for Stock-kridge Indians.3M,M)« 10 M,S2I) 28 2,180 00Total »l,iei,«» 38 The interest on the old canal debt is providedfor by the surplus revenues of the Canals, but, under the Constitution, what remuns of those revenues after paying such interest goes to the sinking fund for the redemption of the principal. The law under which the recent loan of two mil- linna five hundred thousand dollars was made, pro- vides for the levying of a tax suiGcient to pay the interest and the contribution to the sinking fund to redeem the principal.There is then needed :Foe tlw oempletloa ofthe canals tl,U8,9«9 37 For the peymaat of Interest on the debtndtotnerwlBe provided for 1,101,393 38 For the expenses of Government beyondss'ttmatea permanent revenue 1 ,200,000 00Total •3,»60.JM 7SOf the amount needed to complete the canals,however, not more than one-half «an be advan-tageouslyexpended,duringtheyear. Deducting,therefore, eight hundred and twenty-nine thousandfour hundred and eiglity-four dollars and sixty-eight cents from the above aggregate we havethrA aE^lUon one hundred ana thirty' thousandeigbl hnndred and eighty dollars and seven cents,as tM amoont to be raised to meet the current ez-pcDMB •£ the year, to which must be added suchextiaMdlnaTy appropriations, if any, as are madebytkspresentLegislature. Thegeneralfiind ac-couBt. was deficient about fifteen thousand dollars'at tOB ead of the last fiscal year.Itiwin aljo become your duty to provide for the repayment pf advances by the Manhattan Company for interest on the stock issued in 1854, and for othe^ amounts becoming due thereon, unless the ConmiiBsioners of the Canal Fund shall make a loan forthepurpose. Thewholeamountrequiredwill be seven hundred and ten thousand dollars.The system of economy and retrenchment which was vigorous!}" entered upon by the Legislature of 1869, should be continued, and the expenses of everybranchof theGovernmentreduced to the lowest point consistent with efficiency. Wliile jn- didons appropriations should be made for the charities which usually depend, in a measure, upon the assistance ofthe State, and which are not to a condition to dispense with it at present, new ob- jects of expenditure, however proper and deservr Ing,shouldbedelayeduntil ourcanalsarecom- pleted, taxation for the payment of interest ceases to be necessary, our various sinking fulids are brought Into a healthy condition, and the Igeneral fund is made to prefipnt a working balance instead of a continued deliciency. But csprcial care should be taken to incur no expense and make nowithout providing the money to paySiperino.priTahtieons of such.a must be propriety systemmanifest to all. Npw-York possesses resources and revenues, independentlv of taxation, which are adequate to the payment of the interest and prin- ciple of all her existing debts, if not to the support of her Government, and it only requires a just and faithful administration of her affairs to secure that result;Trior to the year 1844 there were great differ- ences in the positibn of the railroads with refer- ence to the transportation of merchandise. While some of them were allowed to carry it during the enflre year without limitation, others were per- mitted to do so only when the canals were closed snd on payment of tolls, while one, at least, wa:i absolutely forbidden to carry freight at all. In 1844, however, an ajiproach to a more uniform systeta was made by giving to all roads thai did not Mefvlonsly possess it the right to transport &eighti)oriag the suspension of canal navigation, and bj^tei^inng all the railroads along the line of theEmandOswegocanals topaythesamerates per mUe on freight transported over them as it wouldhavepaid'ifcarriedonthecanals. In1847 all railroads along the central line were permitted to carry freight the entire 'year, and required to pay tpUs. .In 1 850 the sam* provisions were, by the general railroad act, made applicable to aU railroads miming parallel to and within thirty miles «f any osnal. In 1851 all tolls were abol- ished upon freight carried over railroads, under the expectation that the revenues from the en- larged canaU would prove adequate to the pay- ment of toe intereat upon the canal debt.Duifaui the time that tolls were imposed upon tks ratttqads, the amount received from them by thtf State steadily increased from ten thousand, four li6ndred and |ifty-eight dollars and forty-four cents, ; In. 184£, to one hundred and sixty-three thoDsand',. two hundred and thirty-seven dollars ai»dtimljcents.In1861. Onthethroughfreight carrie<yte whole length of the line of the Central railtO«qBltt7.tha toils,. at two mill rates, would faarebcm IbuT hmtdred and twelve thousand, nine honir^JUflfif^-aiz dollars and fifty-seven cents,and ta^^Mt fmu huadxed ^ad forty thousaad. fouiiUntitled Documentcents. Onthallifougkfreights,carriedovertheK»w-Tork%ial Kris lallraad la 1SS7, the tolla^4j|i^\lie ^veiiUoiebsd eUH^ have also met aod the same tft^^vM have been shout three un- ^olsd upon the matter sMt^llliiil to them. Thsfdredsndfiftythausand^pUata. .Since 1861 eitf^aUs m^iit, 6wm tltreaaalssurplus revenues" necessity for protective legislation? I cannottnmc Of the freight carried on the caoals,there isCoIt one ton of through to two tons of way freight.^and when the tolls are reduced on one million' oftd|is of competing freight, the same redac- State on the 1st days of October, in ths years 1869 tion U made on two nuIUons of tons and 1868, with the number of cells in each prison,of notMoaifeting freight, showing clearly that was as follows :amount of revenue. Is not the concluiion ukavoidablethatcompetitionhasinducedamuch Auburn,ma'es 811largestSlog Sing, females IW 'g;nater reduction of 'oils than was necessary to retain tlie business of the lake countries to our avenues of transit and our commercial metropolis ? I am of the opinion that the reductions of the years 1Q68 aod 1869 were inxpedient, and that the rates on most articlea should be raised nearly to those which existed prior to such reductions.Clinton, males 447 Total. S.486The average number of convicts per day in eachthe year, hss been, at Sing Sine, past;merchsndise and produce to and from the vast and bountiful West.The number of convicts in the prisons of theprison daringroalea, one thousand and filty-fivehundred and twentj-three. Auburn, seven hun-•279,333 68 Of this sum there was expended for boildingaTotalexpensesBlng Sing Auburn Clinton$96,649 13 72,«8S 13 21,879 0«females, one Thomas M. Tryniski 309 South 4th Street Fulton New York 13069www.fultonhistory.com 