 M« H V " - ^ ^ »*•« Sg» OSWM "j*****/ •»BBsaa^na»a*BaaaS*a»w^«aBiSB*^^iaaMnWa*naMTn6 Propo#6dthe Tariff Act0N **)"•"*"M ^ M i g i f aaaaawteafj—£ *^^^^^^okayerat *** 5 ?' »^* **B FaiT Oi* VMBWMATS.WM CM pMttt.Mr BAYAXD. (dem ) Of Del.a d make it the ipectol order for to speak on toe subjectMessrs. Toonro a d MAUOXV opposed the Flaalry the bill WM postponed till April The Homstead bill WM lakea up.rawearaaaaor «•Mr. StAsron, (rep.) of Ohio, a resolntion requesting thecapture of »heor near the port of Yera Crux, by tto United^>A«»a*w»-^^^p-si^,^w,-.^.w^far Liverpool, to tat. 42 Ix N., 1 North Brtou brings T61^ ^ ", * ——*- aMUMr.w ^^**^^^*^^^*»*^WSl»S<^.l%^#W%iWt returned toteMmMMfttVMlUlUOBlingft>rthe office of printer, which nas ao dngraoed toe Nicaragua treaty wJi ia all protocilay to tomvad. We present Congress, turning each Chamber at than Intothe measure desired tbe reference to be made to the Committee on Military Affairs.. I l m l a i t iattended to protest Mr. Bowman m tto enormous profit* looming up into brifltont rebef. His recognition of them j• • *A tVMMl a^aaw*. |f|fi fgftoB Baawnatt ^ p o u dhives t built tto tcanl r w a y aJuarez government and hto treaty with it received a ven- tilation ia the BOM* to-day, from Mr. Cox, of Ohio, whichforbear gardens aad Congressmen into mere traders lor the spoils.frightful atrocities to which the frontier people of that State aro now subjected by hostile aad marauding an- vagM, aad appealed with the spontaneous eloquence a dto table tbe whole subject Negatived, to against 94 The resolution WMadopted, M against M Adjourned.team ef Geacral BeforeJudgeRussell.frond topaMI•*"»»BV*V ^ ^ rIs* *»*»«««*» »*i^aB»*w*Bw.-M-a , ~•BnwuwhnsnfMaVaWB A MB MHBQMit H H w • • • iVesa awaaaaawawMtowMtaTsBji» t' ^ W w a tote* Tm OHMd m ted*,*' ntd L MM ofTom • tea,' I added.*] whw to wseJtettatonanefa ^jBeTeakeow to JJ M M . putone is M» piay greuar 'Would WB to* a s a ft momr» « | ^ k « c La •» i > i i 'IIMUAAM*C. il"aanimis a w * M u j . "WeH, IngtadiI •—**- ... t.^—ePUaaaaBiianaaaai a i t i a l a l irpoe tenting ttodid a to AsBerw * toto it ton a aabsw&ry, M M ) to sty* to a aeti M f M M !MW,IBBaldhto» BMTMBS*tBtetoftV1» teaser Mid M M torn, and to a d Jia H. tod MatavteMoia 1MW!n ay tire.Oat M t J 0O UK pfMMl OOOMM tO HIIlWI DOIT• remainder of tto afternoon. Suffice it for U> Enow that Ton Savers baa ao more idea x tto great contest t h a to toa of btoagfee* to* topaf 3t Paul's. Be teaks upon tto oarteet aaovarMr. Browne, of toe Coathiutoa, hat concluded bis leatiaoaybefore ttoCommitteeonPublicExpenditure* It energyofasufferer, for the protection ofthe govern-aataaaMtoM OB aMat,aa ail uiaae oaa touUfj wmo atoraaanto a aaa, aad ooatrjt etotatog to to rotoed.• u oad prorata which aays taat " A btoaat of daat a warta a ktaga naaian " Tato laoaeof aaawaytogawktob, ato tto araawtor i MJIMW to oatoaaaerry and port wines, in Burgundy andshortly. The Europeans tove protested agamst the taxlarge amount of Northern capital. Tto northern public toads in ten of the States of Mextoo, and that they WMfound on bis person. Thejury convicted him eftto on house renia and the naarftaa a posed on their ooa» route finds formidable champions to Governor are to have the privilege of introducing three thousand charge, but recommended bim to mercy. Judge Russel! munities.I inquirediB tae ealy remedy ton to prerat tto aapaawtol of by tto Senate, tto Houro will probably amend rizing a mounted regiment af local volunteers fortto de- ask fa a hearing a anch a COM M to presented by tto Grea agitatia prevail* to ttotoaa. admit of a huadrad differert aad oppaato toterpraaaaaa. Bwif&MMB ttota aaptorod ktogvaaJdrea orBfinto,or ofdaw aetog topt away, then we cam rnitoratonri tto ftsree ai;ag Hare we tor* BO erowaedBM, bat tf we bad, sad tto recxtoM wtod tod only < mate aa. bow many of tto drrnery-semtove iy ytoktod ap to order to be saved t BBanrtog experienced yesterday. tat WM emphatically terrific. Tto otouda of parttotos w e n entiB*ally on tto ••rse"' and veeatog through aba patMOM tor "toe the moom of .iraby," and carrying destruction m their career. At the Yankee Mys, they tor aa*nh agin yon,' and ktoked *p a most fem ato coafaaton. It W M a awful sight the prank* and capers of wind and dnst eom- atoad. Tbe city WM ttterally enveloped to ektods ef atot aad strt, wbton pepped toao your eyM, down yean* aweat, ap your dotbes and on u n a , without tae anghs- eat ceremony. Miod gracous what a wreck of aim*,mine, natlms, rassiai bearefa and—crmcCae. It waa raaUy aasaanate, ttot t t o Ham went ffytog off.provided that all mutations of brandy to say nothing of cocoa a d coffee and gold and silver. State prison', being the highest the tow allowed for a a of tto atod BIBM, aad all atone Pan magreedupon,Mitprobablywillbe,theextremest Ourgovernment,havingrooognixedJuarez,willthrow a tempta larceny.aad ft Bight be aided tto toitoa petkeeato were every •mawantwhefetatoyoafhttoto. Mtouiable pedestrians aaawed aatoMagmy, and ttose •cim*nemed to riding eeir JJ •Jatoto M tod a ax. eundmg at tto corner estoif for acarmeaage.aoudaen otondef atot, thick MS atroag, rushed ap to vow, and compelled a arir nasifir eloakt and tinathaag.aatiM yon wtotod to tosaatotored •r Suited eeaaptoaaly. When yon did get yocrmlf all tod to tto omnbM or raihroau oar ton ensnees to one tot the peer quadrupeds tnemsehrn became oreroome Mb the daat. and toaabtod right oror from ton of stojhtaf at to.sad deep Beerybody WMeg the thnwakemt eejaaOywrnh ayerobbtog,sjanag and ceTossg right Broadly at tto anpeesad canon ottos genera: agony Tto Mtotosno of aB tme com-printed m the Eaglieh language, or of which the Englishforms the text, bound or unbound, fifteen canto perpound, and on all books printed a foreign langnagM, BO such sentiments He WMamong the first to denounce But should Mirsmce be defeated, rooted and put down, tion w a the contradictorv statement of Gordon, and as unctosged. Lombardo Venetian are very fiat* ^P*0antBMBt to tto treaty. Tto will a*t proaably act m tbe aawjact aattlyears oxtoted in tto executive department of tto peaa* printing Aa the Past Office clanks printing has cost for ty-five thousand dollars per annum heretofore, under ttoA got asreeat all formerflat MB tteraiag 1 MMUMJR none of Toast aid been made in tto praai conceriutg tto datolto. Tto toll aa*. • SM tncks." or at aU « n n , tto bTtaktarers oftotton Taai • a fraat MM with tton, ef a m , aad sMkaj aaugtia him more w b a at BOMB -flax to gat a MofteemtogetheraadgirottoM&tovere^nor two to asjsy taaasmae vita km.la omentang th* ajtamanicatioa, let mo say that tto a toa treat matcn n amysaw crates m arnicaof htikag of areata, by-the»ey, paM BM tothat Tata ?a»ers toa entered into aa angagaanaat Mia two ef etr aterprtong caterers ei" aaawM mania far tto atoac to gvre etntotte exhibit***. Tto aagageMeot a •*m&m me li.OOC aiu! liar to tul arootod to Ato*VtoMaafarutblc Itom«cmra>aom af Sprimg. TBI WIKD ON A ICST AMD TIB DCST OM A KlaV.Abouttour o cioek on tot tusaday aAaraaaita tto tearaed cakn.au,OM of anroBomers, old Soltto aaagaiary toe catod tto eqcatar, asd Mid a vtti to ato Baas or eaBaaaiaUMB Arias. Tto rami apnag of tfle, we BAooid bare i ajaUygeto aura of wtod ato ran oa taatnrnaa», i Ma aftjTiai goto raftoad to tot toaw ttonr Btowers,aBd wavereoaaged to do vtttoat tto water tbto bMa.proridM that about oae-third of t t o whole amosat ef to-portatoa* ooUectod will be tpeciflcs. the beat to dividedinto fouracbedalM,throeOBOBwhiab duttoaare affixedat ton, twenty, and tairty par cent, and aa* free tot,which is considerably enlarged. Tto following aro some ten o'clock, instead of Saturday, M agreed tost evening. took a wider range in hto discussion of the subject. Heparties having toe aimato ta charge. Tto prosecuting officer opposed tto aottoa, arguing that if a pemn couragedinanvwaytheperpetrationofaoffeace h acting with premeditatia.Judge Russeii referred to the stoaatos, a d after sful perusal of all tbe laws having reference to this etas of mtosesMsnors, be decided that, the todtatmat W M bad on two grounds—first, because it did not set forth preme- didatien, and secondly, because it WMnot shown that thenorthern province* with a targe force; that there m Utile prospectof peace; thathehasamplefunds,ad tenth* will prosecute the war to the end if to loses all bur sea- ports. He exhorts all true believers to rtae to deface of their country, and says that he toe given orders to put ta death all plunderers.Tto Baton, acting oa the ooneludtag anBouaecmat, had iltamltoBd tto Arab nvsh-y, who pladered Toand beheaded many of their chiefs.w& Maw York be kept to eeeeeeu eomtatoor" ItanocS to sarro tto* toutty petot, b n w * know how a great drswa.. or oe thereafter prohibited from being withdrawnGeneral Ny< days, rallytogceamaencoT sraaxaaa.New York, to* been bare for atveralfor Connecticut, and toft tato expedition hi that Stats,ef the is MiaBtontm sad BaMariagexpertonced yaa- tosny adgat tove ton sroidsd, sad dato to by tto pro- par Btrtoktog af tto onsets with water. Th* mawfe M*Maaw)d wfaanSFaVaaataaa faaaat aaaOC bwasXC W^aaMwMsTstl att MtaTojamtlexcept tor tto parpen of exportation beyond toe limits of ttoUntodatotes, ato m BOcaaatoil any goods, waros id, n'tmported endMtorort or Dg.beeaytled or permitted to topro-wcucnshall tove withdrawn M aforesaid, and which atoll tor*aad tended beyond tto hmits af the Unitedprovided for m tto first epsdytBtto CBpe of Goodor Cape Horn until ato 1st of January, 18tl , provided,further .that all aotoorparto of actssad a s Mare; provided, of aB drawbacks mof ttoUattedMBtosbyNavalo r * HAT AXInteUlfctoce. COBBBBTOVDBKCS.ofttoHelpermiquity,nys ttoe s t , tt appeared ttot Mr.of Baltey,Southard kCo.,tod boa abscrtbing toXltottotttotoMys tbe St Uaus ummwm, "lainTHEroaajc rnnrnsQ, arc. . that the present ooapay are the best condncted body of first saeettag of toe Western chenS wfll to a great On motion of Mr. Fncn. (dem.) of lad., the bill to re- men ttot WMa tato past tor years. Some tarty aro tuooMS Leavers are tototohjay theTHE MEXICAN AND NICARAGUA TREATIES.mawAXirxutwentyef the Convention, at their ordinarv etorsjaRelative to tbe Pifclk Printtof Ptaader.—*»^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^*^^KBWTOKX. HHULD, THTJRSBAY, MARCH 22, 1866.-TMFLE SHUT. 3BittoMaW »wai tare to to ay taattat tto txthacge of ratiof tto tomocxato, all ttot taaad the following extraordinary state of facto appeared:—Jewett aad Thompson, of Buflalo, bid 94 s, per ceat lessthan toe pretest rates, sgroetog to do for Ave and throequarter cente work that toa been done for one dollar.Joseph T. Crewell, who tot daat the Pott Office blinksprinting for fourteen years, Md ninety three cento lessthan tto present rates, agreeing to do for seven centswhat to use been doing far oae dollar. Inrcomb ItEnglish bid eighty-six per cent toss that the presentrates. Fifteen others bid each mere than fifty par place. Her people are accustomed to then conventoms,Dr. Gibsa,C.B.,aad of tto Amy Medicalto;, the totter M to hist t o law of OaajreMtto bids aad give tto eastraet est to ttobidder. It appears taat shortly after Mr.testified before the Coauaittee oa Pubhe Expenditarestoday, where he WM calied to an account for aotgtvtogout the ooBtracte for the Post Office blanks priafcng to thelowest bidder, ae required by law, he opened the bids, boarders. Thus posted, we undent•aaaplj withreqmTtnghimtob e nweighed byMarch 10, lMt.Wilaoc retona, ato airto* totogaf tto Ustoto new law then wfll to a toving cf about forty-one thou- flu Mawiren ftMitonia Taajriii Tlii Jbrooerati Hraap- serve a him, witoin ten days,i tto aaMooracy wtea tto treaty waa aafaated. Has atoaace tar toe days wfl] proveof aartoM ilto waaMM u tintTto all abaar»tog laiattM tore, to ttot of Mex.oo.axd jadgiag from tto gaaarai toitiwg aiMitoBlail toallq*artoi», all aetttoal aarttoa, tto rautoation of tto treaty m aare, for tto repablicaM MO cteariy ttotsand aollaraThe Senate to day passed a bill catting down the rates of public printing twenty-five per cent. Tato reform toSto at On-lkt gepiiWicwM Jrapsstof it Off—Otn. Ileusthe of the contest, a d that Mrwithin twenty days thereafter; andparties to allowed sixty days to take toBaaaaap to sup port of their separate allegations.Mr. Joan COCHTUSB, (dem ) of N. Y ., opposed and Mr. Hrrnrorrv, (rep.) of N. Y ., advocated the resolution.Mr Sinti.i»>, (dem.)cf X. Y., in areace of bis right to a seat, narrated the facts attesdrng tto electwn, sad maintained that the allegation of fraud WM notapported by a particle of proof, a d that there WM not a lawyer who could go into any court—sot t t o meanest tribunal tnat ever pasted oa the price of a bushel of potatoes -andThere WM a grandof high <see about to tot activity n bemg dtaptayed to the iLettera from Sicily a a a a e e ttot the .SH JwtMaallia*. U*B*A BPVBH aaWaVBawSVfwM, awsatu waawtt w» tomb tod ton thrown a tto Director at there, by which two ]moetaa of tto sum of tweaty oae BJHIOB of dollari, aad to regutotr asd fix tto duties oa oaparto, asd for ottor POTpcere, Itad that tto wUdeat aatroprataatoCaaB toreresolution providing for the taking of testimony to the contested election one of Williamson against Sickles. These two Southern Americans who voted wtth the ma- jor;ty are Messrs Adams and Anderson, both of Ken- tncky.indictment a the ground that the bill did not aver tto premeditation mentioned by the statute to constitute the offence of encouraging a dog fight. Tto law provided that a fight between dogs and other combative animals,A letter from the Sultan of Morocco WM read a the 26th of February a the principal mosque to Tangters, anounemg hto rejeetin of tbe condition ef peace pro-ef the toaaortont pro»Intone:—Section tix proridM that from and after October 1,1840, them ahan be levied, collected and paid, oa tto iav of tto artxlM hwrotonftor mitotwai.nl, tto fol- taat a to My—Pirat-UB brandy, for trat proof, oae dollar par gallon, on ottor aptrito manufac- tured or diRiJIed from gram, for firn proof, forty centoTbe greatest interest seems to centre about this committee. Its room, where is suspended a large map, upon which to traced toe different roows from the Atlantic to the Pacific, tos been the centre of attraction nearly all day by dlfle- reat parties interested to tto different routes. Tto chair- man of tbe committee and otherw a t at once into tto maia question of tto horrible anarcby of Mexico, and tbe policy and the necessity of our in-tervention to lift her to her feet, to pour oil into tor manywounds, sad to clothe her nakedness. Tbe Hsw YoaxHXRALT) dnnng the last six months tos pretty thorough-ly canvassed tto whole hto of* political, economical, com'. defects in the bill, a d to* accused will be tried in allof the executive aad Senate printing. It is an establishedfact ttot tto whole public printng to* toaa done at thestarving rotes of forty per cent toa than is allowed by could not mil to vind ioate the President The question tto present tow. In order to eclipse tbto show ef reform was upon the reference of the Senate proposition autho-ore 9ouutoroi«rnaary;f*r to tto erentef tto treaty set contestant. He spoke a length to oppoaaaa to tto rantto bill by reducing the rate* at toast forty-five faceefTexas,sadappropriatingamillionaadodddel lution.fiags are hoisted nightlyAUSTRIA. VJIt is stated that tto Austriapositive toforanttoa from Patogas ttot tto maded by General awnTaastt wfllto Tetany.MOROCCO. Newt from Moroccotatottonth of permanentoccupationofTeniabyttoIratified, forcible oaaaaattoa aad aMjaawtoa of tor.rttery wili to tto reanlt. Tto aaeamatup protect of Ookv it will totally destroy tto value of tto pahlto to tto Committee of Ways and Means; but tto friends of Williamson's memorial to show that the tatter believesMi tottortoM to about to occupy tto aatoaaaaaat OOB- groto, sad, St at avid, will to warmly asppened Ttoprinting, aad heaosforth we shall have ao more scramb-and ta prepared to prove that spartan snd frandntoat votes were obtained to secure tto election of Mr Statutes. Wba such a charge to made Ittatto duty of tto House to6,16*0.looA for ttirrtog ton* tow dortog tto oext two weeto. Tto Hmuio m m mcreaaed deaaad, M every toai ofaeen from atoxic* m toatod for with great Mirrty. TOIBB XiBTV.rpocaaexaBLaatocof aa adraace copycf the till isMdryashtoeditorials.offered aj Mr. Monill, from tto fomm iteo OB Ways aad THE TOKLB8 ASD VmilAXSOK CASE.MeaM, piov.djag for tto payment ef ooataadiag Troa- All the democrats an* Southern Americans, with two tory note*, u> actaartoe a loan a: any tme wStbia twelve exceptions present in the House to-day. voted against theMr. Bcegan, of TOXM, portrayed in vivid colors tto order a prompt sad thorough investigation. Mr. BB4JMT1,(dem ) of N. C,THX P-lCTVlC BAaJMUD.The Select Pacific Railroad Committeedecidedto-dayMr.Cox,however,removed from tto immediateinte- rest cf Mr. Beagss in then fearful frontier barbarities,informally to hold their next meetmg on Monday next attbe duty upon brandy, sp-jito and other apiritnooabeve- to be but w e route It cannot be either of theirs, but win bio march towards tbe Mexican capital. Nay. more, that store of Noble. Brown It Co., corner of Church snd Dunnerages herein anameratod, atoll tooolleoted upon tto beatoprobably be the central. .The friends of the South- there are within our borders forty thousand men (Knights streets. John Mooney. a clerk in the store, testified that mous in stating ttot a mnranderstending exists i ern road aro here in considerable strength, aad of the Golden Circle) orgaassed for this very enterprise— a the 13th of January he caught the prraoner in the act of Bumsters a d ttot a change ta tto Mimstry toof trot proof, Md M m | | j l mr nay groaterVaanaa, aowgver. hi act taU to otiaacala tto day, atreagththnn tto toroagth of first proof. Onatadeira, seem to be thoroughly organised, and represent a their support of that government they are to receive tto called in Brown WM searched, and a black muslin bagcasks, fiftyaa anperMinnesota and Mr. Stoat of Oregon. Tto centra! route interesting subject, tor the Knights of the Golden Circle .thirty ento per They are a Southern organization, and their object uadimported by sayduty provided for tto genuine article which it to totondsd to represent, sad to tto highest rates of daty applicable to the article of tto a n a name; provided further that brandies or other spirituous liqnors, may be imported mThoma Henry WMtried a d eonv.cted of burglary in tto third degree, having a tto 1Mb of February entered toe premises of Ltantal H. Stater, 104 atot Thirtieth street,THE LONDON BOHBTBAREST.no: enumerated, thirty parport of ail true friends of a railroad from tto Atlantic to simply the conquest, occupation a d annexation of Mexiatoll be subjectto the will probably be satisfied with tto branctos specified to my despatch to Monday's HBBUID, from Fort Smith toPfte' s Peak en the aouth, rod from Salt Lake Cty to Port land, Oregon, on the north.FINANCIAL AND COMMERCIAL.when tto paateng* atoll contain not toa Una sixsad all bottles shall pay s separate duty according defeat of that measure. The friends of a Southern route,however, have a a experienced any decline The shareSection eighteen proridM that from and after tto dayeight cento per pound.Section twenty mac proridM for important illuiaatonmtkepreamt tow, n follows —That from and after tto day and year aforetnul, say and all goods, wans or mer- atoBdtoe imported from say ftjrelgn coontries, and entered for warehouatog, or deposited in the public atone in conse- quence of the dnttos sot being paid, shall be so entered or daproned nbjeot to the ttiftowtoj conditions, to wit:—M tt is toped he will be, then the republican party toCongreM will be compelled to fane toe nrasic In anyevent, it is not the purpoa of the democratic party toneglect the opportunity of appropriating for the "impend-ing crisis" of the Presidential contest this Mexioan ques-tion, when it ta so very easy to reduce it tato such a shape were remanded for trial. n to sweep away before tto America people all otherparty ton of the day. Tto Democratic National Conven-tion win eot neglect to give the cm upon thtorobjeetLoaned, March 6—P. M Consols closed at 94?,' for money snd 94 S, for aooountTM IS firmer. Other articles unchangedLrrExrooi., March 8—P. MCotton—Sales taat two days 16,000 bates, including 4,006 to speculators and exporters. The saarket c a n a quiet, but stony, a Tuesday* rates. Imports to-day 16468 antes; previously thto week, 9,811 batesBreadstuff* are dull. Provunona quia, bat firm. Other artclea unchanged.LmotpooL, March 8,1$$*. The steamship Kangaroo, from New York, has arrived.MewroU AaotBEB RxrrsucAX Horn—Vpaly engaged to tto Southern trade, and when hto liberal support or tto crusade agalnat tto Bath waIt became avtoable, tor tto sake of ttolSouthern popularity, tha he should ostensibly retire 1it. M it could not to supposed turnwould throw tto custom ton tto had* of aan who whetting their kniva to a t the throat of her ]it to understood ttot Moron Spring to sBB aThat tna aame shali oe withdrawn from toe waroboaMto liaines, deceased, aad also the same of Lafayette J.public atorn within thirty days from the time ato date ef tto entry for domestic consemptm, sad tto dutieottoro- M shall be only paid to oaafa at tto thne of snob with-Brows, of North Carolina, M Parser in the Navy, rant Forrest, deceased.T H 1 R T T - 8 L 1 T H COMSKJESS. IOW.• j t o B t l .WASBTRGTON, March 23.1S6C.ABBAT OTTKS A ! CHICAGO. Mr.TBOBBVU,(rep.) efHI.,presented theproceedingsand they are ia a large majority to the Senate, will bring forward a proposition ef tour own, which will defeat tto action of tbe Boon. The only hope of passing a bill thisbery in the ftrot degree. Chartos Williams, of 171 Ludlowstreet, swore tha a tbe night of the 36th of February, market concnues to droop- The demand for money toto the rate oatabhshed by tato aet, ajtotber onatolatagwtooa, Brandies or ottor opttanen liquors subject to doty,n herembemre mentioned. On ale, porter and beer, inbotttos, twenty five cento par gallon; otherwise than to session WM by the adoption of two routes, Southern and of another grand wax aad annexation cry for the Preai- Tbe evidence WM very confused a d contradictory, forthe woman said she did sot see Gehrn take a y money from Williams. The jury readered a verdict of sot guilty. Wm. Neely, a young m a , WM also charged with rob- It seems that a paragraph" started some time ago by a best calculated to bringit intotheforeground. Tbe wnoie bery. Martin Gordon bavmg sworn tha on the 6th of and year aswroatod there atoll be levied, collected am New York paper• **d which is being extensively circu- question for tbe present depends upon the issue of Mira- March, as he WM passing through Macdougai street, to paid on tto importation of the articles hereiaaftor men lated to show that Mr. Breckinridge favored Snow aaon's siege of Vera Cruz. From tbe news received froaa WM assaulted by three men, one of them holding his arm that quarter to-day, the result wnulrt seem to be doubtful. while Neely ransacked his pockets and extracted T6 centebotuee, fifteen cents per gallon. On all spirmcue hquors not enumerated, tairty per centum ad valorem.Central.am. t t t c u r o m > 8 rosrno*.But this policy of the republicans to keep Mexico to the background will tail. They are adopting the very gameConsols tove again opened weak and decltaed in price; The soBnces. nobont, h e , of bonnets were nowhere, ttoBed. tto foUowing dnttos, that is to My;—On all books NotbiDgisna in 1866, was token from a tetter attributing Should Juarez capitulate, tnat will be the end of our re- therefrom. Tbe complainant WM intoxicated a the time for money. 94 616 a 7 16, aad for April account, 94 a aastos sad* Maawtoa to % CharlestoB, and cast ackmdof i cratic party.Alltteae consideratiou tove. of which Hon. Mr.t t o,ofoato,to chairann, and In view of a inquiries tors been made lahotel charges aad tewBtoa a ngxecudve "——"—- will be calledcassider the subiect; a d M atrong ia'the pressure to fa TOT of a change, that we thtak tbe question wtnalrv saw tied, a d that Baltimore will be the pane, although tto claims sad advantages of New Orleans, St lento and Louisville respectively are actively agitatedThe central situation of Baltimore, however, torate ctargto, sad its bountiful suppbea ef ttotie oysters, shad a d other fish of the waters ef . peake Bay, will doubtins tarn the scale ta her raver. The Convention must be in a Soatharn city, because tto tost on* WMin a Northern city, and Baltimore,after all, ntheor wfll to approved by t t otbe actPresident: also mcoaapatfbK wtth t t oa d know bow to provide far them Finally, warn ttodsvetopM the amount of plunder that too for change of place look out for a chare of the tone ef the tion cf the resolution.cent toe than tto work to* toon don* for. TatoMr. Ctowroaa. ( d e m ) ef Ga. .objected to the introduc-Convention, nM to turn tto flank of ttoropnktoaTBB SJCBXn AXT> WnUJABwtol COJUtolaU BLBmOX.Tto Mesas tton remaned the consideration of the reso- lutions reported from the Committee a Flections, requir-km<mdiheKniffkttoftMO<iUmOhrci«—Mmiooevitable Issue <ftXe Pmutmtial Campaign, 4cMr. Buchanan's sagacioM policy in regard » Mextoo isper cent. Should thto amendment become a tow, tors for that object It WM proposed to refer the subject Mr. DavMS, (rep ) of Mas*., rophed sad referred to Mr.octtoy to the bcteinng££=£J53tt3| MEBATUTtlF10I(he JnthattheyarepledgedtottoJaarex government—thatfor preparingtosteal$100worthofgoods. WhenaoofficerWMcaused Brown to to arraigned for sentence. aa* statedtha, bad the jury known toe previous notorious charac- It ta certain ttot tbe Porte, besides calling out tto Be-ter of Brown. tney woald not have made a merciful re- ams, tos ordered s double abstinent «s a precautionarycemxeendntton. As the prtooaer WMwell known to tto measure. The Uleant tove recently prutsated to tto authorities as a notonons thief, although a young m a ,tbe court would dtaregard the suggestion of tfle jury The Sultan against the taking of Teton, and tove obtained a tto Pacific. IT tto antral rent* by way of the South w , a d a new tot of slave labor cotton a d sugar States. sentence imposed w a two years and six months in the letter ol encourage»at, aad nbtodtaa for Moroccosettlers into the landt in each of said States.SteTMS, of Washmgton Territory; Colonel Aldrich. of But Mr. Cox mighf have amid much more upon thisbotttos, oae dollar per gallon, lactoret, Tenorikh, Sicity stands upon Itt natural aerito, aad commands tto sup are beginning to be very free and communicative.of war Saratoga, WM to pursuance ofPresident or Secretary of the Nary, orof tto officeTM ia conmud of tto Saratoga tosIT AL Y .tto liberty of the ] aafafl*,the President be requested,public service, to communicate centos ef all ordersor to-structMBs are„underwhichthe vstoato m t t o Gntf-of Mexicoif noting Mr. Williamson, contesting the seat of Mr. Bicktea, toment,urgingthepassageofthtobilltorthisregimentofMpabie mounted Texas men, from every consideration of jua-uceand humanity, and beseeching the House, M for thetiros of bis own family, to refer tois bill to tto MilitaryCommittee, in order that tto House may aet to time toput thto regiment at once in tbe field. Thtewss the ap-peal of a nam who put everything ento out of sight, toview of bte«l*nghtered constituats, ato of their womena d ohildren carried off into a savage captivity worse than to be abject to mdtotaent auto to prtoMdhtotoit by tto posed by Spain. He states ttot to to coming to tadT t o n e B a of T eton w a dtocuned, tot tto i sr.i tonne i as ef the forty onto per gallon; aa cordials aad honor* of all rent proposed hto*. Tto action ef the committee ted in this connection by mm to-day which wfll account a August Hose, residing a No, 44 Prankhn street Tto Baton were not prepared to accede to the demand ofper gallon, en apirtto from other matoriato, tor trot proof, xmto, fifty onto par gallon, ec arrack, atayatte,present most of the time listeningtie** aad arguments for and against ttodifle-BMraaladhuntaiutariaconsideintkmspresatedbyMr COT upon thto subject; but there were some facte submiton the 18th of February atolen *«© worth of clothing fromfcTteheawaeser, ratafia and other sbaQar aaaWtoaaa beve- rages, not otherwto provided,for. fifty cento per gallon; on toy ram. twenty-five caato par gallic provided, thatlast night to deciding upon oae lie* WM published exeia- trvely in the H s n n p to-day, and it was consequently ea- gerly sought for to-night. The friends of the extreme southern and northern roads are confident mat if there isa c e for the %ba*rbtog SBBtoty ef Mr. Buehana upon the subject of our Mexican affairs.These facte are that, m default of the intervention of our government n a peacemaker on our Mexican frontiers, Gen Houston, Governor of Texas, wtth ten thousand m a at hto back, wfll be very apt to he found before tang oncomplainant caught Stark m his rtiom when ne WMabout removtog ato clothes from s trunk. Hto honor ssstonesd him to the State prison for two years and six m a t h *MARCH21.—The first cane called this morning WM a charge of attempt a grand larceny made against Jobs Brown, who WM found secreted ta the sub cellar of theSpain, sad ttoaageawawaa, therefore, earn* to n sad.TDREBY.aUnsaniaa, March 7, IBs*.Letters from Constantinople to tto 26th ult. >to1aUBcnSC.—At tto opening of the Court this mornine, counsel for James Mclaughlin, who WMindicted for mis- demeanor, having incited a dog fight, moved to quash ttodefinitely agreed upon aad iO,0$Qbeds tove 1to be ant there. Several tortaltans to fltove beei: ordered to be ready to go to Africa upon the ftrot summons.defendant bad the custody of the internalThe indictment WMquashed. but that by a mean re-leases tbe defendant, for tto Grand Jury will remedy tbeptobabiltty before tto term cases.Robert Stark WM convicted of grand larcay, havingAn interview took place on the Mat of t w e a Marshal OOkaasw aad Multoy A b b aobstacles to tto way of volunteers found for bis assistano*. But even if our government were opposed to them,it could not hinder them from going as emigrante to Tex-as. One* there, they have only to cross tto Bto Grand* a d stolen eight dollars worth of property. Officer Jump.to inaugurate their grand enterprise And they wfll do of tto Nineteenth precinct, succeeded ta arresting himh. Their arrangements are nearly completed, and tto before he left tbe store. Two years a d s e r a maths re mains depressed, attention bemg still almost exclusivelyThe action of tto House Special Pacific Hmlroad Com- programme of their operations. Tbe only way to arrest the State prison w a fata sentence.mittee, In adopting one route. * looked upon MB virtual their march is to put this proposed regiment of mountedTexas volateers in the hold to look after the Indias. so that the regular troops in that quarter may be drawn ofCharles Gehrn WM placed a total, charged with rob- directed to the compilation a the Continent Tto fends,to guard tbe Mexican boundary But the republican par- while he WM standing on the corner of Houston and At alack, owing to the new check tobusmeat About £44,600 ty will not took at the qasstion ta thto light: a d so they torney streets speaking to a wonaa, tbe prisoner came upare fighting off thai mounted regiment and the Juarez a d struck him in the month with a heavy instrument, jn gold was tekeafrom the Bank today for export, a pertreaty as part of a plan of the democracy for the raising a d w b a rendered senseleas, to robbed him of a $5 bill. ton being for India. A sum of £70,000 ta Wat Indies a ddenttal campaign.Brazil w a despatched abroad.The Commodore Perry is now 112 days out from Mel-bourne, and insurance on her cargo cannot to effected under twaty-five per centLoaned, March 8—Noon.rertain remarks to bim in 1865. aad not from m y speech cognition of his government and the end of the Juarez oi the occurrence, and when examined by the police ma-be bad written or delivered. He entertained and ottered treaty; but it will only be the beginning of tbe end with gistrate, he stated tha Neely told his arm while the others %. Shares are very active, and prion tove declinedKnow Notbmgfem ia Congress, u d continued that denun- ciation throughout tbe contest in 1886 in hJ own State. It is understood Mr. Breckinridge is looked upon favorably by the administration, and its influence may be exerted tor him at Charleston. Thto would be likely to secure his Domination.irPOEfTBISiTS ST TBS FRBKBXNTthe good character of the accused WM established, the jury acquitted him without tearing their seatsthe Knights of the Uolden Circle. robbed turn. The a l y testimony to sustain the prosecu- about l« t », per oat. CanadtaM aro dull aad FrenchThe President to-day ant in the name of H. M Win- Three maths hence we shall have our geographic*! State prison for two years.knowledge of Mexico braahed up to a very surprising ston, of Kentucky, M Paymaster ia tae Army, VIM extentSince the MaBMBMsnaat of the present term the P.:y Judge to* been a much agaged trying the ordinary routine of cases, such as larceny, ccrgiary. a d assault and battery indictmente, that he has not been a t e to reach the capital a*M wkcb he intended to try mis week. Ha Honor wiR,however, extend the' term, so an to depose of the important causes next week. Judge Russell has tried nearly Mvaty MBM this mate, the majority of which were devoid of general interaetby Congressmen Woodruff' aad Case, hostility BetweenNye to dir.dag htoefttoIBB aWDflSBBiSXAII 5Q€AD10B.The Navy Department has b e n advised by tto nag officer of the Mediterranean Squadron taat tto Iroquoto too landed oar Consul General to Morocco at Tangier, where to WM kindly received and WM OE tto most friendly terms with the aathoriws. In the asence of u American vessel, tto commander of tto Engltoh ship-of- war Vulture had offered to carry the Consul and tnfamJyaway whenever they desired to toave the city. not n u s a aqrADBOS.The United State* BhipCoBgreai.attheWM on the eve of awtoJBg Montevideo tar asasyakax, guay, to comphaace with orders from tto NsvyDopsr.*m « t , e n a friendly vtoit,Carl Otto WBtoBMTnto i Norway at Charleston, and Chartos Yieo Consul of Sweden sad Norway at Cai-of tto Intel keepers ofton, la vtowoTttodeassatof tto 4MB* aad Vaadala ef f X C C U l w K l UosVasaaff SaUt9 pt^wasTaTwB BwnswSaaQaTa O f vOaOil^BawaV»Navy TiXD, WABBErorow, Phv, March I I , I860.tto tomoerocy, aro much Beanaafasd or, * for them The extrhamber sad table faraitare, serrate kc, required for tto swarms of strangers to sttendaasithe printing at tto Feat Agreed to.TheMr. HAIX, (re>p.))ooffK^,enaradarosolBti*n that ttoUntitled Documentof the Uatod States a t o m tto Saaate if a yAtettabtowilltodespstchedtotto M of the Ratal Libray atMary Yard a or stoats_.of newspapers s a t free of will be forwarded.at the . lettoef the office.Beardef Trade ofChicagoaskingfor aa m yof the The United States Suam Frigate Mamdn Mottmmu of the dollars The houa of which be WM a member WM large-aotrim IAXD wASBAirrs.Mr. MASOK, (dam.) of Pa., proanted tto rorolntias ofthe General Assembly of Virginia in regard to the bounty tond warrants to Virginian* engaged in the Revolution.TUX TROUBlXfi AnOBKi THX UTAH JTUICUXVMr. Gannv, (den.) of Mo., introduced a resolution re- questing the President to communicate to tbe Senate the correspondence between tbe Judges to Utah sad the At- torney General or tto President, to regard to the togalproceedings a d affairs there.PBoaBBBB* or rBBtataawteBABT r tosawasaa.Water Witch—Tht Pttttm to U Htpoir-d—Arrinai cf Cat Crwoder, ife.Tbe United States steam frigate Roanoke left here tostevening for Atpinwall, after receiving 100 tan* of enal from ountde tto tor.The steamer Water Witch is now aJongside the wharf. She wfll take in ento sad Mere in a few days for Cub* tothough a special and silent oaeStevens and Hastett were ePertth.Amboy, a d thaMreSm-tag ^satoaate todyj^ a nit was passed. House.This Is tto same bill thaittoaoout^100,000. which will be a groat service it; this Navy Tad.The marines a this station aro daily drilled, and aro quiteexpert to Hardee* tactics. Theyfireblankcar traps o a e a week, and atao at target practice, which they are perfect in I learn from some of our oldestMr.TanETCX,trap)afN.J.,presentedttopetitionof Caleb Swayae and ottor oMtoasof Warren county, N. J., praying for the paeans* of tto Meaawssad bill.men ta tato aiBatarafthey will contribute ham. ManstostotheBrown W/BBVSBB Cnzafc CosKsxasfc ia felt.duce the price of the public printing aad to regulate the charges for binding, a s . , wsa taken upTto bill reduces tto prices of printing twenty per ant, a d provides ttot tto binding shall be done "by binders elected by Congress.mentors of tto Sons of TemperaM . ., The United States coast survey sntoBMr vTxn arrteeaoamntotoo making inqand from well known players, nation to be present a dcorpo, ta expected tore to inspect the m a • B d . , * f . r T w Mr. CABBBXMI, (rep.) of Pa., said tto most stnpadoM barracks, which WMbuilt lately at an * * ^ TM * £ ltee to a toy a taw, givtag el tha players whtbeYsof arclnbtbe 11th of April,V*7 'first ctaa players. Tto stayers will be paired by tet and tto winner of tbe ftrat throe games a toatowtoato arplayers to the rosn* ef street All who tok* ana gmsantovBsdtoataa*.LanroM to havegod laraltta ta his convlcCoc.frauds were committed to tato matter of printing and binding. He thought tto proper pton w n to give it a t by CMdraet to the lowest bidder.Mr. H»nxix, (rep.) of Me., offered •the reduction twenty five pereatattoMr. CABBBBBfatty per oat, Mr.HAB^,(rep.)ofM*,SBjdth»wMtoolarg*areduca part of the roof a d verandah of wham^was^oa^»g^1 feow'contts ^KSr- —*» *" wmtoaaandto- closures nton The contract system bad proved worthless. tractors cheated tocsin t t o qualityway, and having thus ctoalec'allowance to stoke t t o n whel Mr Fixa,(*em.)efha#.,T h e o aTto UatodTto lasted Porto Grande. SttaartotsfGm a t sad opposed a return to theMr ttamhn'BMr. Frits attain) a amendment to tto third •that the reduction atoll apply to aU the publicrTUBnxxiCAS v a STS tarsi'.The Grand Jury brought m a large batch of indictments in the afternoon, for burgtary and larceny, and wba toe prisoners were arraigned they pleaded not guilty, andHenry August Beyer, against whom were two indict- ments for grand larceny in stealing $46 worth of shirts, pleaded guilty to a e of the charges, and WMant to ttolook for a slaver , which the coast of Africa.ta expected »a m v esoon fromV i w ^ w a l d a e e i n t h a the tove of Bryan Helpenan^aad The gunboat Seminole WM taken a t ef dock, tod tto sympathy wtth Brown sad hto fouow ta, . a pMr BATAXD, (de».)of Del., from tto Judiciary Com- •teamer Fulton will be pot to u d surveyed, proparstory unceeastog In ttomittee, reported back the bill for tbe protection of passengers oc board steaaufaips a nto being rebuilt I learn sto will be lengthened twaty and feet a d her dec* raised four feet The repairs wfll oasttheother 1 ta set that, nthis monitor. She ta detailed for arveylng thai harborI learn that General Harris, of the Uatod 8 ^ **'ff. enjoy the f a AoarcuhLosrnoa, March t, l$se. Tto London A'acs city article a y s tto atoek saarket re>Marram Sprang, BM the cause of Brown, Helper k Co by the huWe see that tbe 1 s p a tto CnrvMSten, must hrrotTO large sxtrs^xpendl ^ to*traetiOM tor* toa gtoro to ofltoere of tto awry byTbe United States brgDoiphaa was a the 1MB alt,lures, which mast be paid ftofroaa ato arooteo. ef ttowhKh ia a y event the toTxl forces of the United StatesThomas M. Tryniski 309 South 4th Street Fulton New York 13069www.fultonhistory.com 