 Mtt?&.-£&b&^^ing, at.the CouncilXIlamberythepresident,''-liti.|H|$p :•tiredofwaiting. ThereareplentyoffatonesPresident should be elected. The Democratic party,Ward, on the grow > 1: that' lie considered that B. M<irAnallywasentitledtothecertificate. TheresignationCleared.mBryer, ljiverpool, T. Ricbard-on & Co. jBarka-^IMlijienSc*Friend,Friend,StJaijo,C.,W,(Br.),Todd.TatmagoncWH.t F. W. Meyor: Maria,Tbota-1compared IimcoM as a vindicator of freedom, with" theman who had been instrtanental in destroying *°e thk»orn- Mi^ouri Compromise. .••• jtis$i'i*w&s #*®#£^ "'%wood.T.6pmTti&^>&^^iW. Cbarlea FUeber and 3 aetvanta. Mtw DollyWfoj, MX*.EmertFfacherandScWiareiLM. S.Mj, Charle* D. Fredericks, OarlraR:'Woo*. 0•rs-WrnTirTTKOLEE WWYOMi»g with ^jeOfcead of f6* Imllocka in the sale* peae in ) Mr, Jtouw.. X» P H E L P S supposed that the object oijPorty-fotirth street, andjprices not materially different thene mettfojn was to create, a revival 0nch.jp existed foHowing resolutioU•from' the'%iecial^Committeeoh;worth, Ti'M-i. CSrjpenter.ffl MIiriATCRR ALMANAC.WilUawsburgh for the last week, under the auHpicee of from tbifrday ,!«£*» The general quality of the stock defeated but not conquered. Hesaid the great matters Charter Amendniehl \ fw,as preBented^arid,adopted:]:: .f.; Coroner Murphy. The case was submitted to tie jury0in 1856, when they were broken but not. east down,is excellent; There is a greater number of fine, well- to be considered were, what had they to'do ? «««,how .R<«<rff*d,ua»ttho,H<iii. CorneliuHVan.'ypriit, the Hon. D.'S."UNITEDPRESBYTERIAN'GENERALpj|gSao—Klsev.... 4;31 | S«u........... 7.1241 Moon—Seta...1:32Grego^yv the Hon. D. S. VTanriers, the Hon". A. 0 . Zubri»k5o, »nd ^Meer^Wi^^^wstny; large coawe oxen a* we Messrs. H. M. Traphog<n, J- D. Miller, Janios Flwnming, audon Monday, webn, after a shoii deliberation, tl e fol-:ii- 8EMBLY.\'••!.-.'| i HIGH WAWm TKI* »AT.forthedemand,whichisnotextrabrisk,the nptothepresenttime,hadbeennnitedbythecommon-leatherbeingwarm. Buyersdeclare.thatthe"brokers cjyof."Victoryandthespoils." TheprospectbeforetheB«pnblicanpartywasbrilliant,andthere was #re generally asking more forcattletnantheydid a nothingforthem todo but to pressontovictory,toTUX QUARAKTINE HOSM-TAL EXPENSES.—TheSMpf—R. 3 p last'GeneralAssemblytoprepareaBookofDiscipline Inodra(RuM*»liaiutt),,JLlpp,London,Rugwk.jBro.^•e^kago. | vA^motion^wasmade to overture it to Presbyteries P I T ^ M * T A r T ^ ! ' Helvetia, Pomw,Bremen,work and not: be wearv, and by their constancy pre- \ In onr opinion, there will not be as many cattle sold 1 serve to posterity the rights of freeman uni mjmired.tion of the "Quarantine Commissioners, previously sub- withoat>eading,.a«.a copy of it had been'placed in the Foppc. A Co.; M.J. Co^rd, Colcord, Cork/WalifiTCMwr %The Lincoln and Hamlin Glee Club enlivened the meetingwithseveralsongs.t^Js week at prices equivalent to ten cents net a pound«&therewerelastweek—inshort,thatthemarketforJ&st-class bullocks is not quite as good as » week ago,-sfbUe for light steers, of nice killing onality, it is bet-tor; and none in market of the coarsest or lowest pricecjuUity are likely to/tell as low as they did last week.Owing to the fact that a good many of the cattleoffered are selling upon the account of the sellers, theyaue held, and will be until late to-morrow, for an ad- south side of the Washington Monument, in Union licenses last year was $3,250, and-the cost to the city,•debate;tookplaceonthis.motion,whichwasfinallyended by the adoption of a resolution to the effect thatthe clerk read the titles to every chapter to-morrowThree cheers were given for the candidates, Lincoln and Hamlin, and the meeting adjourned. -niarriagesanddeat})E^'::':xl''-!''''.- :" •'•'">'• ."•'•"-'^.-4'- A resolution was tdopted, directing tlie sale of the old engine-house,-cciner of; York and Gregory streeti!),afioainnghospitalfor yellow-feverpatientB,tothefeffectThat-while' they are ©ware of the ne««nUy of securing tfiie.peo& Co,Co.; Abby.ThaStUr, I&xlO&|STEAXLHTJETOR XORTHCAKOLIXA.—Cromwell &. HermanV.Ripley,Richmond;C.L.Fleming,DavidS.Browne,The Committee on the Board | of Foreign Missionsmade a report. It was to the effect, that as the fundswere insufficient for carrying oh ;efficiently the mission toChina,without impairing theefficiencyoftheMis-sionsalready established and in| successful operation, Lewis k Co. ,,#Syhranua Gtsdney, G«o. \V . Morton, Gilbert C. Deano, William Morton, GilbertC.Deano,iHna; also E. V.'Hanghwoot, L. Edgerton, and Dodge, of this city. American travel to'Eu- thi» Summer, has thas'far been much greater*han usual.object to a protest against the injustice of hanging a latureto have the act so amended as to strike out the use of those who wish to engage in this exercise, was Spit, bound out. Wina lightfrom S>; weather clear.\>1t«r, Jan>e« H. Cook, John WirV. HBanmiermsley, Jose;ph Southworth, «epjto Thos. Gilmartin..Schr.RockyHill,Hnff, DeerIsland7days,lumbertoJ.Bosrd>THEFRIENDSOF SAMHOUSTON.le portof New-York, an .immunity from the ravages o' peoti- St i me . ' . '•;. ..'•-.' • ••',• • • .!'• tfe ':.. '• ;,••!'• •<. ••',MASS MEETING IN UNION SQUARE. The friends of Sam Houston met last evening on theand taverns was ihtr< >duced, fixing the rates of license at $30 instead*>f^50. After some discussion.a motion to adopt the supplement,was lost by a vote of 11 to $.lentlal, cotrtaciouH, and infectious diaeases, they entertain at the lame time a different opinion to that of Oie Legislature in regard <o the cities and conntiea adjacent to .the Hoapital. Tfao mere accident of localityis not sufficient reiuson vrh.y the <xpen«e sliould ho paid "by the local tax-payors,far that which, ia Tor the lienefitofthe wholeState. Theportof New-Yorkis tle great:madeA neport recommending collections to be taken upfor this Board, and^gainst persons traveling for theing, Savanna}';, T. (Talbot ic Co. • / Schooners—Gazjelle, Rogers, Fortsmonth, maaterj E / R . Steel- man, Camp, Plyidomh, J. Benton k. Co,; Breeze, Franklin, Bal*square, to the number of two or three thousand. The fourths' of the whole appropriation for city purposes, ilfey have to-day, until the close of the market. Upon crowd was dense, enthusiastic, and noisy. The plat- (nearly $60,000.)'those lawsare 'carried into effect. It wou59. he as reasonc ble and thrOugh the hands of the Treasurer of this Board, theSloop—Eliza, Aj;Jane, New-Haven, H. S. Rackett /A r r i v e d .Steamship Quaker City, Shufeldt, Havana May 25, mdse. ani-t$e whole, the only variations that will be made in thefigures of our table of quotations will, be an advanceu | o n lower grades,, owmg partly to improved quality,a*d pertly to a real advance. Judging from the state meeting than those who addressed it. «f things to-day, the average of all the sales this weekjust for the General Government to declare that the Cities of "New^York aad Brooklyn, or the cities and counties adja cent to tlie port of New-York, should be taxed-for the support of the navy-yardand the forts ofrthn port, becauHe^theyhappom dto^he located in Onr vicinity, as it is for the State'authoritien to declare that the plaoesreferred to should meet the current expeuwes of quarantine. The Committee further state that,' unless an epi- demicshouldoccur,theyarepowerless-toact,therehlingno fund appropriated for supporting a Hospital or for quarantine proposalsforbuildingthesame.• j purposes. Theythereforerecommendtoeadoptionof aresolu- tion to the effect that thfy beKeve that It is the duty of the Leg- islature of.thoJState to appropriate tho meaas necessary for theI subject was referred hack to the; Committee. • j The Committee on Publication recommended liberaferial KaJ The F i r « t 0 |ivjtR be higher than last week. It will not be because best cattle sett better to-day, whatever they may to-morrow, when buyers will find a pretty jfah* por-tion of the week's cnopply still on sale."" ». THX CORS EXCHANGE.—The addition to the Corn lEJcchange Boom, obtained by the purchase of the house on S. W . corner Broad and South streets, 38x40, was thrown open yesterday, making the Exchange roomsEx-MayorMICKLEcalledthemeetingtoorder,and Washington placej:mdthe CommitteeonPublicform was no crowded and so shaky, as to suggest con- tinual ideas of downfall, and the boys immediately be- low the speakers made more noise throughout theBernard.McAnally was elected a Constable in the ;afterafewremarks,nominatedDr.F. Hasbrouek as President of the meeting.Dr.. HASBROUCK made.a few remarks, and the fol-lowing- list of Vic8-Presidents and Secretaries wasadopted: ,VICX-PXKSIOBNTS.—Xsaao L. Varian, "Westchester;IA. H. Mick!*-, D. H.enry Haight, B. Brandroth. Westchester; Geo. P. Morris, Putnam; J. Charles Appleby. John I. Boyd. Chas. Knee- land, Robert Lowden, Queens; C. H. Lilienthal, Geo. W . Cor- Hcs, Anthony lu Blceeker. Joseph W. Savage, v^ealey Smith, CtoraehnsAjnew, John R"*id'ley,_Hilenry Snyder, 7D*. D"."V"V"inchea-vGrounds and Places were authorized to advertise forChalmers. "Weatcbeater; Dr. Watson, Richmond; W . F. Brooks,man k Co. . '• .Schr.MosesWaring,Crowell, Boston3days,mdse,toS.W„:SiK: At our recent National Woman's Rights Con- White, Joseph H. Toone, John C. Morrison^John S. Reid, % G. ventiop, many were surprised to hear Wendell Phillips.arejust starting a new steamship line between Wm. Dc Laiuano, Geo. W . Johnson, G«o. G. Sickles, Alfred W . 2$sw»York and Wnmrngton, N. C. See advertisement. Wittenberg, John Morris, Adam Spier, Daniel Lloyd," JohnVance, Matthew Gooderson, John Gillclan, Peter D. Collins, object to the question of Marriage and Divorce, as ir- ' *• • f • ' J. H. Tripler, Kings; Washxnzton Thomas, Moses S. Beach,• •no voice—laws which (outrage the holiest affections of to nominate a Vice-President, and recommending that her nature—laws which transcend the limits of humanl y T e l e g r a p h .HIGHL ANDS, May^29, sunset.—No "inward bound vessels in-able discussion, one resolution appended to the report sight. Wind light fflpm S. E . ; weather clear.cessity* Shouldtheallegationsinreferencetcthe appointingaCommitteeofthreetopreparetheform iANDYHOuK,May29,sunset.—NoinwardboundvesselsEighth and Ninth Wards admit of a doubt, they (this of a bond, to report to next Gehoial Assembly: for the in sight. Ship ChalWiJger, for San Francisco, passed out over meeting) would have noobjection to apply to the L egis- the bar at 5:50 -p-m.; one ship and two brigs anchored at S. W«.of Jackson."The resolutions were seconded by "CLINTON EOOSJE-legislation—inaConventioncalledfortheexpresspur-pose of considering her wrongs ? He might as wellwoman, because capital punishment bears equally upon Dr. FKNELON HASBROUCK then made a short speech man and woman: |if: • -.r •.-•--<•.••••-';-..in favor of the hero of San Jacinto, and read an ad- The contract of Maxriageis by.no means equal. The'* Western Fire District," as that portion upon which the taxes are to be levied. They trust that the city authorities and the Park Commissioners will unit J in having these improvements carried into immediateadopted. Drs. Rodgers, Pressley, and McElwIee were appointed this Committee. I:-BOSTON, May 29.i*Arr. ships Southern Cross, Howes, Ma- nilla; Shirley, Alien, Calcutta; steamer Benj. De Ford, Hsllct, Baltimore; ship AjrgOi Ballard, Liverpool; bark Femandina, Trefys. Palermo: brigjO. C. Clary, PMlbrook, Rochelle.PHILADELPHIA, iMay 23.—Arr. steamer Kensington, from Boston; bark Thomas Dallett, from Puerto Cabello, reported ashore^hasbeengotoffwithoutdamage;brigBeuj.Dunning, from Cienl'negos. , j 'f ' •VXLT, esq., and unanimously adopted.m i••[ X %fl DAILY^.RSf&cj|fj£^^A regrflarj^eetrinfl 1)i*/the^ Boafdvwas'held hwtt.gyoj^vmmcmzmfiimMB.Tiik-"^I?POSKD B<)^n^veetigation has been going on in regard to this^Sdy iiai; ... •... ....li..•v .....— the<8iseawii out'of 'fSe'State^hnt; winks' that Cdt&hris- sioners sliduld'';bePa^prateM^P9wp:discretildnary wwers, ibr a limited,period, to act in concert with the focaltown authorities topreyentthemovingofcattle •through ^e'StaitevoT^thoh: mtroauctionfroin Massachu-'tean «oo1<wt^tt#Mlii*^^£m± y««^M*Sw~» MatterDF.NB£RG«,.inthe;ol;!dr,^^ ana a.aadrum present. TAo1 ; :'setts. ' i;.'"' ' .' ::'"^*>\•'•'-'' ; . " "e'/ ''.^9MWBVUBLXSInm • V O H K f ) J E V E R T MOR ISTOOBAT* E x o a iHORACE GRKE BVItniSM, COHNSJob Male, are hereby x ^pointed- a committee to prepare aud.badofisie. Some;:ofthechoicestKentucky trustworthyniahshall ^SS^M^SS'&^SSh roporttothisCommon<,-puhcilamendmentstothoCityChortcir knownmancametohisdeathbyfallingorbeing,; •'•'|g•v"'/. 'FIFTHDAYr tg • '•' <;r poses of freedom, they must put a check on the cor- mitted to the citizens of Jersey City /or their consideration and- thrown into the water while auffering from- iuseusibil- Correajwadenee sf uThe.N. Y. Tribttitte.' ; >steers wiB go to the conntry to graze trpon and to preserve the Territoricsjn^olate; for » B g £ —saidnmendtuents, aft<K approval by this Board, to "he sub- which,the owners of have been unable to stock ruptions with.whUthVhadaU heen made^uamtedM&MlNE\ JOURNAL—,, al approval,priortothepiMentationof the sameto theLoglBla- jty;theresult,ofeoncngsionof.the brain,saidconcus-PHILAJOELPHIA, Tuceday,May29,1860,' The AsseniblyMAfter the usual devotional exercises thismorning,tookuptheorderjof:theday—thehear- ing, of the Report of the Committee.appointed' at theA VERT & yabUabed~~K Z«32 w» ATinnWted the rights to which the toro. / ' " :'r - •••'• •••'}":. 'iW$&$W$?'$$$$9 :'-'^-"'--^^^-:m PAPER Ffl 'ery SATran^r MOJO! %S;Tf.nCojri. Ivanee:Three CerM 0Xflargernam]for$12;TwentyCIttherateof All Oopte* to addi each suhecxib^ltiateof $1 •each),$24. Any tirtatyormoreJwRlbe*>ntttledtoun| ttoy eoaunenceatanytime-'A*Wti*emenCjn THKWJWJCXT' UkJt AND^TVVENTY-JriYE CiB| feMfftten. Notbint lwrted for W.-1TUB ti-BWa--WHMilH% ir*eUt*h«4ev^ryiTuwDATandF"" ""spieafor * 5 ; >iyl• FOR EUROPEAN < Ij U fehUahed on th« departare ofy « * . a t $ 6 p«Tani»«m, po^iage JJW/II w f J r B W . Y o J R KfOat CALIFORNIA, OREGON. A JSLAJjthi,thf drpartorr of •»< «n&,et$160i :annum. SingleColean steers. There are very few such in this soreccntly. Heenumewftedandthereisquiteademand. Farmersare loversoffreedomwereentitled.v . AcommunicationM^asreceived;frontiWm.D*Sloari.OF NEW-YOEK.MAT29.sion heing .produced a t t h e hands of some pen oh <>r oldandmnch-usedthreatofdisunionifaRepublican tenderinghisresigiiitionasCoWtahle'of to Third personstothejuryunknown;"• mtgwnrmm. InHe referred to theA-preamble and resolution was adopted, making it -'the^uty of the Citv Clerk to keep a register of hirthiji,;lbtu,ft£?„ ^ " 1 » SjRSft Havana, Moae« TayJor k Co.; Virginia,.at public auction. ' i •A supplement to" he ordinance in reference to innsic of tlie State., and -eapeclally those thickly clustered around.amendments,topropose, he should offer them at thatwCo.; Mary Wilkliis, Wood, Buenoa Ayrea, R. W.'Ropei tt, Co -Mr. JSARLJE stated that thetotal amount received fo|rvtaice,andconsequentlysaleswillcontinuetodrag,as. .fromtbe-saleofintoxicatingliquors,,wasabout'three- -mehandsofandcontrQlied.bytheStateauthorities. Ev<ryacre lected for church -extension purposes shoulf pass Creek,Willetta,Baltimore,H.B.Cromwellk Co.Third Ward to fill a xacancy. . •/ ? P. j An ordinance was(udopted providing for the erection Of a teznporary City jjHall, 50 feet front by 90 feet deep^. tc bo located on tuej corner of- Newark avenue anacontribution to this Board.. The Finance Committeemade a .report, recommending: 1. Eeach Assem-bly to fix tiie minimum sum necessary to meet the ford, Tileston k C o /Phineas C. Dumner was elected' Street Commis- sioner on the'sixth baUot over John D. Nolan.m-.pport of quarantine; and 1urther, that the B«ard of He alth of ;this city have aoapJe power to protect the lives-of our citi iens in?aid to the Treasurers of each! Board quarterly, 4, 'reasurersto be appointed by leach Presbytery. 5. The Commistioners from .each Presbytery to GeneralAssembly to nominate a Financial Agent for their Presbytery. JShip Athena (Brein.), Schilling, Bremen21 days, mdne. and 459* pas«. to Knauth, Nachod k Kuhue.:Ship Yorktown, Meyer, Loudon and Portsmouth April 2€* mdse. and 120 pax>. to Grinnell, Minturn 2c Co.ShipOrpbens (Brem.): Wessels, Bremen 86days,mdse. an4 265 pass, to Henntngs k Gosling.The Tax ordinance for the years I860 and 1861 was taken up and passed K© its second reading. fA resolution was adopted directing the Committee on Public Grounds and Buildings to report a pro-tbo eyoutof an.epidemic. .Tgramme for the celelwation of the 4th of July. ,I-MEETING IN FAVOR, OF PKOSVECT PARK.—Amjetingof citizens and owners of property who approve of theProspect-Hill Park, and all other improvemen ts au-thorized by the Sast Legislature, was held in the Gov- member. . • 'ernor's Room, City Hall, on Monday evening. There was a large and uespectable attendance. J. I>. Cocks, esq., was called to tlie chair, and Charles J. Shep- pard,E.B.Spooner,jr.,T. Polhemus,jr.,and'D."L.Haight, esqs., were chosen Secretaries. Jasper W. and believing that it was the duty of the Church to sus- Schr. Ocean Wave (Br.), Flewelling, St. John, N. B., 7 day*> Gilbert, esq.:,'explained that the object of the meeting stone to Peter I. Nevins k Son."was to take such measures and to present such a state- tain the missionsalready established, unless warranted Schr. George Washington, Morrell, Albany, lnmbcx for Green*MARRIAGE AND To the Editor of The N. BK Tribune.DIVORCE.lumbian Coa) Oil Co. *•.Schr. EstelJe (of Brookhaven), Davis, St. Bartd 13th inst., fruitveeant Institute, last evening, and elected their . publican, or a Democrat V] It was merely a sectionaldfficers.They also adopted as their uniform, black | party; not even Virginia was represented in it. Itglazed caps, witn winte Dantf, lettered, " Rail- I was'a seetional Convention, and haS pot forth section- band. The law takes itfor granted that the wife lives He admitted an unfortunate ohraseology (which desig- His friends and those of his brother, Robert T- Brown, andOn the 21st in fear of her husband—-that his command is hler high- Splitters'Battalion;"blackglazedcircularcapes,and|•^SSSSfe^Onthe^21,tofAprillast^the_peoplemeasure again complained that the law wasambiguo as. John T, Brown, in the 42d year of his age.his brother-in-law, Allan Hay, are invited to attend his funeral,Board of Councilmen, May 28,1860. Adopted. . < IBoard of Aldermen, May 28, I860. Concurredin. ,',1* ' *natedthe"WesternFireDistrict"ustheparttobe torches. Mr. Sterling will be at the Committee-Room j nominated Gen. Sam Houston, the'hero of San Jacinto. est law; hence a wife is not punishable for theft com- taxed) b\it the intent of the Legislature, he held, waswithout.furthernotice,fromtheresidenceofhisbrother-in- law, No 35 First av*nue, on Thursday afternoon at 3 o'clock, the31stinst. HisremainswillbetakentoGreenwood.Ifelectedbythepeoplehe"wouldbe the-Presidentof mittedin presenceofher husband. (Kent, vol.2,p. plain,andthatwas that the wholeWestern District every evening to receive applications for membership. the.United States. ("So he will.") 127.) An unmarried woman can make contracts, sueResolution directing the Croton Aqueduct. Department to lay suchgutterstoneemmaybenecessaryto adjnstthe curbto the BRIGGS—On Monday, May 28, Edward F , Briggs, in the 58th grade (required for the. pavement to be laid down in Amity-The initiation fee of $1 is necessary, which goes toward paying for the uniform.ATESNKSSEJEAN ABBo*An.-*-Theproverbthat"LoVe laughsatlocksmiths,"hasbeenstrikingly exemplified hatheknight-errantexploitsofawellknowncitizen of Chattanooga, at a boarding-school for young ladies, inNew-YorkCity. TheChattanooga Advertiserof Thursday, contains the following item:- GKX. J o x x G. BTjrex—Intelligence from New-Y ork informs xt*thatonresteemedfellow-townsman.Gen.Bynnm,WMinarried on Sunday last, in that city, to Mit* Phippa of East Tennessee. W->only"knowMissPhippsbyreputation,andfromthatintelli- gence can congratulate Gen. Bynnm In his towel of a lady, andyouanoffice-holder?" . .ANOTHER VOICE—" Will you cork up 1'" Theobstreperousgentlemanwastakenoffbyapo-liceofficer. The closeofMr.Atchison'sspeechwas somewhatmarredinitseffectbytheexcitementconse- quentupontheseincidents. ivear of his age. ''•,! j .' heritance,toherwages,toherperson,toherchildren. stating,that the. cost of the improvement was dis- Bis relatives andfriends,and themembersof Lebanon LodgeA VOICE—" WilWou answer me one question;, are and be sued, enjoy the,rights of property—to her in- would be assessed proportionately. He concluded bystreet, between Broadway and Sixth avenue. BoardofConncilmen,^May28,1860.. On ayes and noes adopted.Board of Aldermen, May 28. 1860. 'Onayeaandnoesconcurredin. ResolutiondeclaringiChambersstreet open,accordingtoJaw.journed.•rous gentleman. [Republican Banner and Nashrille Whig. passed by a man of National reputation,but yet a man control," , " obedience and restraint," &c. ? Many mlio.NS; OF TEMPKRANCE.—Williamaburgh Divisio^i,congxatelate his lady in her high-toned, honorable, and chival- rail splitter." ."Ride him on a raih"] They had " maritalpoicer," " martial rights,? " dominion and• ' m of large experience, and a statesman of first-rate or- cases are stated, showing the exercise of a most ques- warnily received by Greenpoint Division. The room of theTar, SZ.A VI-TRA»X i» NEW-YORK.—The increase der. IThree cheers for Seward.] They had taken upNEW-OHUEASTB, May 29.—COTTOW: Sales to-day 5,000 bales; prices easier, but quotations unchanged; sales of three daysBoard of Aldermen,May 28,1860. Adopted. • ' • • • y \"iBoard of Couricilmenj M«y 28,1860.••': •. .'.•W-I.\\A:• RO:Lincoln, a man who was never heard of until he and gaged therein appear to have cleared out of the Port of Douglas mutually blackguarded each other. ['' Three New-York,begintoattractattentionatWashington cheersforDouglas." "•Thre?cheersfortheBenicia and in other quarters. It can hardly be conceived that Boy." Ronsdng cheert.] But they most complained if the officers of the law, charged with the duty of of the Baltimore Convention. [" Three cheers for Bell."J . Ih©y had stolen the platform upon which t i e ? elected Sam Houston in Texas. • In Texas they(See Bishop on Divorce, page 489.).of the slave-trade, and the fact that all the vessels en-' thoseonMarriage. Yes,!andfarmoreso. Thead- bersvierepresent,alsomembersofGreenpointandotherDivi- baleslastyear. Receiptsaheadoflastyear458,000bale's.Re- ResolutiontopermitPatrickSmithtocontinuebisstandsouth*.Besides this, rockets were set off, there was abundant J what else, I ask, are the hundreds: of women depend-,cs hope that Marshal Isaiah Kynders, now that his appeared with their banner, and also the Charter Oak ters left wholly to the dificretion of Courts 1 Are not Peter "Vogel was arraigned for trial on the charge offey the Deputy U. S. Marshals, who have been dis-missed; but of course none of those still retained could music, and a song was sung by Mr. McChesney. The ing, who this hour demand in Courts a release frompossibly be suspected of pursuing a like course. Let White Eagle Cinb, said to number about 500 members, burdensome contracts?' Are not these delicate mat- BROOKXtN COURT OF SESSIONS—Before Judge GAKKISOKeyes have beenopened,willbemoreactiveandener- Club. getic in seeing that his subordinates more faithfullyand Justices STII,I.WKI,I, and STRTKBH. youngwomenfrom-ourfirst families'draggedintothe grimdlarceny,instealingacowandcalf,,the propertyof amanpublic Courts—into assemblies of men exclusively— nntned Sterenson, residing in the Eastern District. The defensethe Judges all men, the Jurors all men—no true woman was that Vf «el purchased them, but it appeared that they wereWill be published next S«uHE LITTLEBEAUTY.. By Mrs. GRKY, i.a'thor of the " Garni far the best book ever written by Mr*. «.'it««;Bookaellera, News Agenta, and all others tiieii: orders at once for what they may war Cojdea wUl be scut A any one', to any pU pottage, OnremittinghepricetothepubiiiAddress ah orders to the publisher;;, •• T. B. PETERSON fc BROTHdischarge their duties. [Leader..YOUNG MEN'S REPUBLICAN UNION.FIFTEENTHWARD REPUBLICAN CIATION.ASSO-80 1 .;.New-York. •Havre ....June 2 protest against their wrongs ? The administration of with Jt>me« McCluskey .(now in State Prison), were indicted for Anglo-Saxon. ...Quebec... .Liverpool., June 2_I^st^evening,a^lar^eandanimatedmeetingoftheRepublican* of this jcity was held under the auspices Chicago "Convention. Mr. W. B. BLAXE, Presidentjuriststhanonlawalone;;iforlaw|ispowerlesswhen ut variance with public sentiment. .'Bo not the above citations clearly prove inequality ? IBnottheveryletterandSpirit'ofthe marriage con- tract based in the idea of the supremacy of man; as the keeper of woman's yjituellher sole protection and sup-. port?Qnt of marriage, woman asks nothing at this hour but tlie elective franchise.!! It is onlv in marriage that She-mustdemandherrightstoperson, children, prop-,detailediujtheofficeoftheDistrict-Attorney,weretriedand Persia........ convicted. iThey were fined $25 each, or to be imprisoned for Arabiai••of the YoungMen'8 Republican Union, at their head- quartersnrthe StnyvesantInstitute,Mr. CHARLES T. Koar.KS m the chair.Mr. JOSEPH CENTRE, ir aleagffey speech, presented the great necew&r which exisfed for a change in the Administration of Government in this country. He pointed out some of the corruptions which had beenpracticedj>yvariousDemocratic Administrations,and contended, that the time had come when the people must institute themselvena power to establish anew modeofdoingonrnationalbusiness. Heconcludedby a r e f e r e n c e t o t h e r a i l - s p l i t t e r o f t h e a g e , a n d t r u s t e d ha God that Lincoln and Hamlin would he elected.of the Association, occupied the chair. The meeting havingbeencalledtoorder,theHon.P.A. CONKUNG offereg tho following resolutions:Rttohed, That th« ualou of thcEwt with the Wett typified in the nomination of Lincoln and Hnmlin, made with tno cordial aaaent of delegation* firom the border Slave States, gives aisar- anee that the reign of miarole and con-option drawa rapidly to an end, andthataRepublicanAdministration of the FederalGov- ernment will noon restore the rule of honesty, integrity, and economy in onr national affairs.Retolvcd, In the language of our Hlmrtrioim and beloved follow- iitizrn.WilliamII.Seward,that"weiindinthereooldtlonaof the Chicago Convention a platform as aatisfactory to us as if it had been named with our hands; and in the candidates adopted hyit,eminentandableRepublican*,withwhomwehavecor-35 days. Tpe Deputy Sheriff was in the act of arrestingJames McCluskey ion a bench warrant, for carrying a Blung-shot. when th<f accusedinterferedandassaultedhim. JamesMcCluskeyBremen Africa........ AragoNo.MPOKT ANT306 Chestuut-K uizoi vBOOK lor KVKV ALUES UKALI'll. Now Ready*An enthusiastic meeting of the Fifteenth Ward Re- publicanAssociationwasheldlasteveningatNo.618 Broadway, to ratify the nominations made by thejustice depends fur more jon the opinions of eminent an assault pnd .battery upon John Q. Adams,.a Deputy Sheriff, Edinburgh......New-York. ...New-York. ...Boston ...New-York....New-York. ...New-York..Liverpool.......June 2 .Liverpool. Jane 6 .Liverpool. Jane 13 .Bremen... .....June 18 .Liverpool., June 20 .Havre.'........June 23.:•','•' ' .or divine; whether regarded as indissoluble bv Ecclesi- Mr. CHAJLVJCS T. ROGERS, the Chairman, con- diatty cooper ited in maintaining the principle* embodied in that astical Courts or, dissoluble by Civil Courts,"'Woman,'iBut in marriage, she is robbed by law of all and every naturalandcivilright, yThedisabilityofthewifeto "contractsoastobindherself,arisesnotfromwant'of "discretion,butbecause,[shehasenteredintoanindis- "solubleconnectionbywhichsheisplacedunderthe "powerandprotectionofherhusband." (Kenc;vol.onthe1stofJuly,1860.1 BoardofCouncilmieniMay28,1860. On ayes and noes adopted. BoardofAldermeil,JfCay28,1860. Adopted on ayea andjnoes.i. rTKKP . MICE GEOI ConiAulitte^Aseriesofresolutions,thesubstanceofwhichisera-speaker. He pitched into Conventions. They only, 2, p. 127.) She is possessed of certain rights,, until she bodied in the report of the Sub-Committee, were read The funera&wjll take place at the residence of Mrs. McDonald,TheHon.J.W.HARRIS ofTexaswasthenext•raised small men, and kept-down great ones. It took no Convention to nominate GeorgeWashington,or Jefferson, or Jackson. ["Three cheers for Buchanan." "Puthimout."] Theyhadnominated, who? ["Aisniari-if d; then alt are suspended, to revive again the moment the breath goesoutofthe husband's body.and unanimously adopted.Addresseswerethen madebyWm.P.Libby,esq.,Senator Spinola, and others, when the meeting ad-No. 38 Lf*tng8ton street, on Thursday next, May 31, at 3 o'clock p. m. The friends are invited to attend, jResolution on petition of Holden k Co., to place a show-ca^i . in front of No. 263 Broadway.BoardofAldermen,May28/1860. Prayer of petitioners granted. Boardof.Cotmcihnen,May28,I860. Concurred in. ,[ |HResolution to permit W m . Halpin to construct waterinr trough in front of "premises south-east comer of Nineteenth street and Terth avenue.'• . "• 1 'A m e r i c a n Z o e l o g i c n l SUM! Jbto Rook* for Subscription to the Capital htot «T*looeach,intneAmericanZooioei J will be opened on MONDAY, June 41'.it wrer.WILSONG.HUJNT,atNo.3oBark•f DUNCAN, SHERMAN & Co., COtoW and continue open from day to dav unp fi cent will be required in c«sb, the o<daii-'a axer en demand, when ordered by theft <•>(See Cowen's Treatise, vol. 2; p. 709.)If the contract beequal,whence come theterms.' -"DISBROTJ—AtHaverstraw,RocklandCounty,N.Y.,onFriday. May 25, after a short illness, Charles Gilpin, son of John ana EmmaS.Disbrou,aged17yearsand8.mouths.I For additional Marriages and Deaths seeZd Page. Ma.r1s.etH....Reported by Telegraph.ceipts of all Southern porta a head of last year. 140,000 bales. e\»t corner of Chatham and James streets.SuGAR'firm. The rest ofthe market unchanged.MOLJIK, May 28.—COTTOK—Sales to-day x>f 1,800 bales. TheJStionable power over the wife, sustained by the Courts. Division was crowded to excess. Speeches were made by Messns.preventing the departure of all vessels bound on ille-gal errand*, did tsefr duty, our port would, pot be dis-graced as it now is by being nnnk io rank as the grandtiefeot of the Bla^trade. jfriat they have not donetheirdntyinallcaseshasbeenlatelyproved;andthatwhat'syourname?V1/"Mr.Boycesaidtheybadcome InNew-Yorkandsome!otherStates,thewifeofthepjresent;cumpuign,inbehalfoftheRepublicannominationsanI$133©$140;White,$145®$157.CORNdeclined2@3c.;;Adopted...- .,}•p.had been out of the Union, and knew what it was. J.JW. BOYCE then bezan. [".^What's your name,goes out of the partnership penniless. page 33; Bishop on Divorce, page 492.)(Kent, vol. .2,and Lorcmor streets, E. D , by the Rev. Henry A. Thompson, who has been employed by the Young Men's Elective Franchise Club of Williamsburgh, to lecture in Long Island during theCHARLESTON', May 28.—COTTON—Sales to-day 900 bales; mar- ket unchanged. - - M • ;••-•••£»••« PHILAJ>EI.PHIA, May 29.—FLOUR dull, J WHEAT steady; Red,they have neglected their duty for corrupt considera- here to show that anhonest people and an independent guilty husband may now ! sue for Divorce in her own free franchise for colored persons.sales of 8,f'00 bush. Yellow at 70c. P.ROvmoNs closed with an advancing tendency;: Bacon, Shoulders1 and Sides, 8J®104c. WHisxvfirroat21@22ic. l |Board of Councilmen,May 28,1860.Concurred in.'Resolution to permit Edward C. Richards to construct baywindows on south-west corner of Lexington avenue and T wenty- fifth street : •; WMBoard of Aldermen^ April 9,1860.Adopted. •'-!.', ;Board of Councilmen, May 28, ,1860.'Concurredin... i .Resolution to relay crosH walk from southeast and southwest,tions, has been put on record by the dismissal of two pi-el's were, beyond and above politicians and parties.-name, and the costs come iout of the husband's estate.Deputy United States Marshals on proved charges tothat effect. But we believe that we do not overstate alluded to the telegraph, &c. He would not speak of to sue in the name of another, as she has no means ofW e were (he greatest nation in the world. Mr. BoyceBut in the majority of the States she is still compelledI QUICK WOKK".—At 4 o'clock yesterday afternoon,the matter in announcing that an average of two ves- the nigger. [" G—d d n the nigger.")sels each week clear out of our harbor hound for Africaand a human cargo; -and we have received information, Convention which was expected to nominate Mr. innocent wife odf ad interim alimony, and monev to which we shall verify and publish as Boon as possible, Seward. ["O, he's played out." How about sustain the Suit, is npt regarded as strictjnglit in fier, to the effect tJutt the price t&r the clearance oja slaver Greeley ?") O, he's greasy. [" Douglas?"] When- but of sound discretion in the Court." (Bishop on Di- is as well known to those in the trade as the price of abarrel of pork. 'into the lager-beer saloon of Mr. Henry Pitznee, No. 13 Union avenue, Eastern District,.and, during the momentary absence of the proprietor, • abstracted $19 from the money-drawer. Th> feat, though dexterously performed, was observed by Mra. P|itzne«, who ran after the thief, caught him, and held him with her teeth until the darkey's cries attracted the attention of Officer Bell of tlie Sixth, who arrested him, and took him at once before Jjustice Walter, where he was searched, the money found on hismore Convention nominated a dead man.sands into the partnership. " T h e allowance to the'".'•"corner of Greenwich and Robinson streets. Board of Aldermen, May 28, I860". Adopted. l*\Board of Councilmen, May 28, I860. Conedrred in. ' '"'MlB <The Balti- The Chicagopaying costs, even though she may have brought thou-$5 25@$5 50 for extra Illinois and Wiscohaih: $ 5 50@$5 75 for fair to choice extra Ohio and Indiana, and $6® $6 75 for fair to favorite double extras. WHEAT firmer; soleW 12,000 bush. No. 2 Chicago Spring at $ 1 07'&$1 08: 5,600 bush. Canada Club at $1 12. CORN closed firmer, but quiet; saj.es nearly 6,000 bush. Illinois at 5 1 c ; 14,000 bush. T oledo at 50c. QATB dull and heavy. WHISKY steady; sales 100 bbls. at 20cvorce, page 581.)enthusiasm he ought to be sot back. Mr. Boyce told " Many jurists," says' Kent, Ivol. 2, p. 88, " are of pferson, the theft"clearly proved, and Alexander sentenced for sixt or Ornce*,'Bank*,Steamboats,Hodeia* WAjraa-CooLKKs, both plain an<i onia:::ei •Ry'; will not rust or corrode. Price* leawiaoleaalc and retail byLUCIUS HART, NM JJfexo |)nl3iirati0iT|11EINDEPENDENT.SKE THE INDKPKM)! , .(OUTTHISMORNING1.c* The [Rev. HENRY W ARD BEECHEilSon a UKP I I E S I D E N T I A L FJlJFOR SALEBYALLNEWS EVERY VOTERINTHENATION S Terms, $2peramHm by mail,or$S5<ever a man attempts, by corrupt means, to excite false the sot back anecdote, after which he spoke of Greeley,BALTIMORE, May 29.—FLOUR steady; Howard-street Super- fine, $5 50. WHEAT quiet; White, $ 1 40®$1 65; Red, $ 1 30 " opinion that the adultery of the husband ought not months to the Penitentiary, to which institution he was on his ©$135. CORN active; White, 68-3>72c; Red, 68®C7c. PRO-4It is said that a certain amount of gold is placed in alocker in the cabin; the officers board the ship and woolly-horses, and niggers, rounding off with the *" to be noticed, or made i 'subject to the same animad- STation-House. :,• , ' • ' .Union. '' versions as that of tlie wife, because it is not evidence'•-commence a search for materials arguing the intentionofthevesseltocarryslaves. Theysearchallthe Aftermusicasongby-A.J.H.Dugannewasread "ofsuchentiredepravity,norequallyinjuriousinits.mOSWEOO, May 29, 6 p. m.—FLOUR market unchanged.WHEATand the meeting adjourned. " effects upon the ii»orals,;j]^ood order, and happiness of lockers especially, and suddenly find the particular one " domestic life. Montesquieu, Pothier, aud Dr. Taylor,$1 15±, and 3,000 bush. Canada Club at $ 1 14, afloit. Conx High streot, was feloniously entered on Mopday afternoon, and market without material change; sale* of 13,000 bash. Illinois at robbed of ni)k dre»se«, &.C., valued at $70. The house of Charles 56'ic., and 4,000 bush, iridiana at the same quotation, to arrive. Norton, in Third street, near Fifth avenue, was similarly entered OATH steady; sales of 10,000 bush. Canadian on private terms.Beard of Conncllmcn, May 28,1860.Concurred in. •.'•••| *|| .ResolutiontoallowlampsandpostsinfrontofNo.472Broad-in which the goJS—commonly ranging from $2,500 to Another meeting on the steps of the Union House,$4,000, according to the size of the vessel—m concealed. Mr. THOMPSON presiding. Speeches were made: by " all insist that tho cases jplf husband and wife ought toway, and also in front ef Walavek'a Theater otherwise ordered.' ••!. l"\Board of Aldermen, May 28,1860. Adopted. ;| m * •".}•This, the inference being that it is at leastpart of a sum Mr. J. McChesney, the poet; J. H". Tucker, Col. Rob- designed to purchase negroes, from the King of Da- ert R. Masker, Walter Epson of California, Walter homey, the officers at once proceed to confiscate; but Stevens of Georgia, and Mr. *Steinbergher of New-tl be distinguished, and thai; the violation of the marriage "vow, on the part of the!wife, is,the most mischiov- " ous, and the prosecution1; ought to be confined to the "ollenseonherpart." (EspritdesLoix,torn,3,186;TraiteduContratdeMariage,No.516;Elementsof CivilLaws,p.|254.) Ifon Saturdaynight,androbbedof $50ingoldcoinandsomearti-j cles of clothing.— ^BARLKY, RYE,and PEAS nominaL CANAL FREIGHTS unchanged; Flour 26c, Wheat 7c, Corn 6^6. to New-York., HAKBI IMPORTS —17,000 bush. Wheat, 23,300 bush. Corn. CANAL EXPORT*—remain untilfailingtofindanyotherevidenceofa slave-tradingpurposeonboard,theymerelyremove thetreasureand offer nofurther resistancetothedepartureof theship. This was the course said to have been followedYork. AnothermeetingwasaddressedfromtliestepsofThorpe'sHotel,byMessrs. Stevens, WalterR.Chap- man, JE- J. Solis, and others.brokeoutiaNo.288Courtstreet,occupiedbyCharlesUters,as a'shoestow,andtheupperstoryasaschoolbyA.B.Richard' son. The-<recommencedinthedumbwaiterinthe basement,bush.Oats."*V. -'' ~ gratuiated the last speaker that he had panted along excellentscreed, , and that we cheerfully give them a sincere und finding herself equally degraded in each and every . BnooKLtN CITY CounT CALENDAR—Wednesday, rez,p;-without any reference to the way in which Gov. earn«*t a^Ipport-'Seward's name was set forth asthe Republican candi- Rewired, Thai, believing the nominations of Lincoln and Ham-phase of it—always the victim of the institution—it is May 30.—No<- 61, 62, 45, 00, 70.'.• children aad servant; Mra, A. M. del Salle, Miss del Valle and servant, Ferd. del, Vulle, Pablo Ytsnaga, Jose Buipo, P . Sapohez Yznaga. Juan Aguerre, Juan Ramos de Almeyda, MlasAanCul-her right and her duty to sift the relation and the-com- date. He thought that their object in meetiug was not houwebiy combine to rescue the country irom boundless prod!- "pact through and through! until she finds out the true\ k • ' ' • • } ' • : ' * ' •ALLEGEB HJOHW A Y KoimERY.—Michael Maugen len, Capt Jose Coitasy Puzel, M. Correur, Marrhe»<e Oleagalto considerthedefeatofMr.Seward'sfriends,buthow to elect Abraham Lincoln.was broughtf>eforcJusticeCornwollyesterday,onthechargeof JoseTravieses,F'codeBorjaMarin andson,j,J.* Fare*,'.P..T.'the Legislatures of our respective States, and demand robbing a German named Philip Ronch of his watch. Walking Schimper, Pedro M. de la Yunquera, Franoisoo Correoso, Fran- Jonathan Trotter, Colloritotof AaseasmeuU, appointed Collectorbetrayers;" and we pledge our best exertions to rolrup a majority aystem of Slavery, or any. right to property in man. of at leaat forty tho naujjd for tb« nominee of the Chicago Con-Mungen snatchedit. He was committedin full.&On ayes and noes adopted. . ,''-«...•''-.','' ,.,-•/./•>...''. , Board of Councilmen,*toure4atlengthintothemeritsofthecandidates,andjHamlin, . ...i/necessity for the grant Of a large 8Um Of money to keep | Wm, Summertield, wife and servant; H. D.Oram, Mies Mc-Thomas M. Tryniski 309 South 4th Street Fulton New York 13069Condurred in.v>• .r+m*?*~us»-« ^mtm i^ — n m w i -$0anmmm+mt*m**im&m$mMfittceaa>>itVW^^ill«Ml^^fj|il^U/jMUtW^www.fultonhistory.comin to aifofd u.bttdU mV which upright and patriotic citizen* may KaUty,amazing inefficiency,and wholesale roboery,we invitehonest men of ail parties to unite-with us in their support. „ RetcUtd, ThaitheKn»pireS*tateoughttodoherutmosttoward•' • • • ' , • : • • .• • ' !The Hon. Abnun WAXZHAS argued that the Con-stitution of the United States did not recognize any he redemption of our ccwiwom country"from the toils of her 'idea of what the true relation is? I •Say you these are but the opinions of men ? Oil More damage was caused by water than by fire: Dumage about)Receipt*• 'of Produce.Secondavenuespermittingthemto retain awnings in front of"' their premises. . :Mgj : vtoken uwaj at on early hour in the morning. A verdict of guilty there to shield them by her jpresence from gross and im- was rendered. . Sentence reserved.' \Boston. .Liverpool .....May ...New-York .Hamburg.. ....Juneerty, wages, life, liberty, iind the pursuit, of happiness. marriage,withoutperceivingitsessentialessence,end,a n d a i m 1 W h e t h e r t h e i n s t i t u t i o n O f m a r r i a g e b e h u r n a uP a s s e n g e r sA r r i y c dcauseq£herfalse position! How can we go beforeWe decide the whole question Of-Slavery by settling thesaciedrights'oftheipdividua]. Weassertthat.AyesandnoesCQUQIipsic CATTLE DISEASE;^%C Hartford Cowrant, Bollmun, J, Malor.R. C. Bamford,JameaEvans,OBd. Mommell, .Resolution pormitti Trustee* of GermanLutheranChurchlieshowedthathlaveryexistedintheSouthern States byvirtoe©fstatutorylaw,andassuchcouldnot ««uhli«hitselfinanyotherStateorTerritory; Ifthefowided, and tbajj the Dleuro-puenmonia haeiiot yet Pole, M.Berr«sbeitftaud>dyfM. Hector, lady, 8 children and Board of Aldermen, itcouldexist anywhere throughout the.nation. HeiOnatHoDBn»ing,gbe;«he«rt'wer«giv«n forLincolnand • AgainIask,I«itpossibletodiscussalrthelawsofa been introduced mto-that State. Itdwsnot^e the„rservant: CharlesJCP.Snatkand.lady^J^Perea, P.Domino Adopted.".&interr«dintheirburyiunground, toanotherportionoftheirburyi»#:yfewo.•jy»^1860.Constitotion did recognize and establish Stevery, then ,^^,img, when the n:«olauon» v/erer rinuuiuiouMJy adopted,codeoflawstliatconflictyriththe.self•evidenttruthofrelation,andnottoncbtbe>relationitself? t.c.s...,-: .. _. , -. , . .iTTr_~^v~v~,,««,land4children,<JeaedeUO.Perea,wife.«Uterandaervant; BoardofCouncilman,"McPa3 Mi £rTM ». / C. Benedict, and P . A. Conk:Curtis;M.Hector,lady,8childrenandservautiCharloaF.P. thesiteofsewbull which prevailed m Connecticut Jaat week was un- Smith and lady, MUa Perea, Misa-Teresa1 Polo, Miss Josolh ground.assertion.thatajwei . . . . ,•»••••• ;lowing verdict was rendered.-: " That the fla d un-Sandy•:m iH o o k . . .3(24 | Gov.Inland....4:M—H«U Gate5.55r.„^ra, orrmmi TH: Jt*4 *trtv«red to C i ^ Snbs«rib«rs. at j—S*e"a'"d-U'a~s"3"j"<"jp«rtmama,inadvitoPfTB ' ^ O R K W i l lwasaccepted.Aresolutionwashi*lopted,appropriating$350fortheHealthCommitteeoftheCommonCouncil,itthe. to.reporttothisAkssembly. Thereportwasprinted^Delano & Caten: J. WV.purchaseof anewtitickfor HookandOC/acwer-CompanymeetingonMondaynight,reportedonthecommunica- andima'keB.asmall12mo. bookof11(1pages.mitted,relativetoprovidingmeansfor thesupportoT handsofevery member yesterday. A very spirited Hi]1, Barbadoe_»,Stnith.Jon^ltCo.;Magiaana,Tn«Allf Xajrf£by increased liberality; and in vijew of the.fact that theiZOOLOGICAL ASTDBOTANICAL SOCIETY.—The Hon. Hanptman, Westchester; Wm. J. Bunce, Charles Smith«on, diecuss there any laws or customs, but those where the improvements authorized. A sub-Committeo had services of an additionallaborerare urgently demanded Schr. Leocadia, Small,Salem 3 days, mdse. to R. W. Ropes &. 'King*;EdwinWainwright,JoshuaKiiapp,T.W.Decker,A.B, relevanttoourplatform. Hesaidwehadnorightto, ment offactsastoshowthenecessityofcarryiigoutwich.Hamilton Fish has been elected President of this So- 2>viH. McCoy, Putnam; FrancisBurdick, do.; J. G. Dudley, previously been formed of some leading citizens and in Cairo, they recommend: L^That the Board beau-, Co.Westchester, Wm. Averjy Orange; Chas. A. Van Zaudt, Kings; inequality existed in; the sexes. That the laws on thorized and directed to send the Rev. S. C. E.wing, Schr. Hebe (Br.), Wilson, Campo Bella, N. B., 4 days, herringff and the work of raising the capital is going ou, Wm. Devo«, RocXUnd; KphTaiiu Clark, Richmond; Eghort T. Marriage and Divorce rested equally On man and. they had prepared a statement in opposition to that, elected last year as a Missionary to Chhia, to Cairo, to Sturges k Co.y>ka having been opened at the counting houses of Smith, Suffolk; George R. Sistare, Orange Co.; Abraham E. Dater, Thomas D.' Beadle, Spencer Smith, George Webb, Robertwoman; that he suffered as much as she possibly could the wrongs and abuses! of an ill-assorted marriage.Now, it mutt strikje everycarefu] thinkerthatanmade at a recent meeting of a few disaffected gmtle:- meiiywhichbethereupon read." The statement sets forth that the allegations- in thememorialtotheeffectthattheEighthandNinthWardsEgypt. 2. l o transfer the Rev.iJ. C. Nevin, now in China, to the mission at Sealkote, Northern India. 3. The Assembly to elect an additional Missionary to Sealkote, andonetoCairo;,andJthat James Barr beSchr. Sarah McDonald, Kelley, New-Bedford, oil for Albany," Schr. Augusta, Hodges, Boston, mdse. for Albany. Schr.YankeeBlade,Gray,Rond^ut,coalforNewburyport. ,• Schr. Evergreen, Porter, Stamford, in bailout, for Philadelphia. Schr.Telegraph,Nickerson, Boston3days, potatoestoorder- Steamer Alida, Robinson,. Pldladelphia, mdse. to Loper tcSteamerNew-London,Smith,New-London,mdse.toE. H, RockweU.Steamer Mars, Morrison, Philadelphia, mdse. to J. k N. Briggc SteamerPenguin,Williams,Providence,mdse.toI.OdolL. SAILED—steamship Jamestown, Norfolk ; ship Amazon,London; barkCavaSo,Indianola,andothers.7nVonG.HuntandWattsSherman.fTo-nightat Ottignon's Gymnasium, Dr. Geo. B.Beatty,jr.,JamesCraft.- -L<-avitt,JamesH.Skidmore,JohnH.Goodrich,CharlesCole, Geo. H. Raymond, Theodore Edgar, Francis Kopman.v'ike ont a larger number of cabin passengers than ton of Texan, calling on an independent press, and a *ver before left the United States in a Transatlantic patriotic people to unite in his support; summoning his jueamer. She has already 350 engaged, which is triends to elect delegates to a State mass meeting on the 18th day of July, to make an electoral ticket, andjUarly her full complement. Among, them are theDrs.McGillofPrinceton,AUama,Pattonand theyallconveneinmassmeetingonthe4thofJuly anse, of .^cw-York, and Thornwell of South next, at-the "Hermitage, which was once the homeSrcwaTAitiKS.—John L. Noyes, J. Mansfield Davies, R. L. Larremore,EugeneC McKinney,Westchester,ChailesCamp- bell, Theodori) Ward, William Forbes, C. E. Havens, F. M. De-would be exempted from taxation, in paying forpese"vVuodithip,thestrongman,wjllappearfor the benefit voe, Joteph Canning, F. A. Whittaker, Wm. C.Rothe,.Eli immensedifferencerestsinthefactthatmanhasmade improvements,wereerroneous; thatthewholetwelve appointedtotheIndiaMission,andAndrewWatsonto Kirkpatrick.e-•• .qatemtedtoattend. Jos. GDTMAX,IV'M.R.4 ) ni^,f.,fi.''4fMr.T.W.C.Grower. * a>PoaECHOPK.—ThesplendidsteamshipAdriatic,toapulnextSaturdayfor Southampton and Havre, will andintelligentmannowinthe country, isSamHous- age? When mansuffersfromfalselegislation,hehasMr.A.Z.HIGCISSofferedalonglistofresolations, declaring that the one national, Democratic, honest,themarriagecontractwherewomanhastheadvant-oftaxablepropertyinthecity,andthecostoftheim-ly publication, in cheap form, for general circulationThat GreatL.c< : The Rev. WM. H. MlLBURN wUostbeI , LIFE ANB CHARACTER OF ! A t the Cooper Institute, THUR5 DA.:The N e w i ork Observer says of thi* with marked abijity, and the "lecture w aioqnence and po wer. His analysis of was skillful and trenchant: overvrheu the dark and repolsive feature* of ih .t hecontemplatedbyarightmindw.ti those,of Bohorrerc*. Some pa*a&^>*> h malleable beauty and were received .1 Xv«tie*t denuMwtraiiOna of appuiuse^ 1 wrll ntted to proaucv a permaaent iu.pi miad* of those who heard it; and it u xepeated again and again, not only ken'tiva great lesson •W-hich it inculcaxea na aoindji oi the young. »nd the true chime by this master hand, held up to wart acAtthecloseofthekcture,witiioi «*i«inal painting jofTHE COURT OK D will be exhibited and explained.FOURHUNDREDTICKETSdull half price, if applied for by thel'x'e Rooltrtore, No. 40 4th-av.Ticket*, admitting to the whole, 20 ce •'clock..Entrance to the hall would be gre^Uy kaf t i e k e t * a t t h e b o o k s t o r e s .1Columbia. College'*— The contimiC*Uege will h» I.~M ». MI»WI: iOn VVEDNESDAY, Jon~ *, .t PJ a- I Seniors to continue daily, exceptSundayday, the11th.On MONDAY,the 11th,thethreeothaxaminatioaandcontinuedailytbrougn Candidates for admbwioil will present t tXou on Friday 22d and Saturday Z3d of JCommencement'on TUESDAY, Jon Academy of Music.TheRegentoftheUniversity,Alumn sad friend* of students, and otheni itxtm invitedtoattendtheExaminationan£CCHAS. RING, L.L. P ., PresidentA m e r i c a n I n s t i t u t e Yotytechw sttheroom*oftheInstitute,<'••••p--. I May 31, at 7^ o'clock p. m. Subject o:. L •*G««Burning." All interestedintors are invited to attend. A'dmission .rrw-.The Committee on Public lie men, will meet on MOM DAY, tee -ita di t. City Hall, at 2 p. m., to take, intercom:themanureheapfootof38Ui-rt..E.K., thatmaycomebeforesaidCommittee.thelaws,cunninglyandBelfishly,forBisownpurpose. .theCairoMission.. 4.TheBoardtosendan assistant Wards of the old city would have to bear a propor- for the girls'school in Alexandria1, Egypt." Also, that From Coke down'toiKentj who can cite One clause of tionate amount of taxation. There was eighty millions the Board be authorized to issue a monthly or quarter-dress signed by Fenelon Hasbrouck, A. J. H. Du- law permits the girl to! marry at twelve years of age,| TWXSTT-^XCOJTDWAKDKXPUKLICAJ*MZETIXG.— ganne,-W.F.Brooks,KobertLowden,andE.Bram- whileitrequiresseveijalyearsmoreofexperienceon effect,andthattheyareOfopinionthattheexisting wasrecommitted. j jI • , «hall Child, Committee on State Organization,;and'A.Jfhe Republicans of the Twenty-second Ward and H. Mickle, as President of the" Houston Executive the pars of the boy. In [entering this compact, the man'Trirteenth Aseembly District held a meeting last night Committee. The address was a. lengthy exhortation gives up nothing that he before possessed—he is a man still;whilethelegalexistenceofthewomanissus-law is sufficient for all purposes. Mr.Gilbertstatedthat,amongtheobjectionsraised/The report of the Committee appointed at the lastAssembly to report a new version of the Bible jPsalms Carter's Shoals, will npt be gotten off, and is to be sold.|t their, headquarters, No. 634 Eighth avenue. The declaiming^ against Conventions, and advocating H pended during marriagef—henceforth, she is known b'nti against this improvement, was one that the law was port were before the Assembly: i. To overture the from New-York, w !<>«»of foretopmast.^'resident, l&r. John Davison, was in the chair. 3fr. Houston Electoral ticket in every State, a HoustonClub in every town, and a Houston Fund to insure the in and through the hqsband—she is nameless, purse-tfewaxd'g letter, that lately appeared in T'ke Evening proper circulation of the ticket. The address was less, childless—though; a woman, an heiress, and apassed without sufficient notice, and he proceeded to version of Prof. Jones to Presbyteries; 2. To appoint NORFOLK, Mat ;29.—Schr. Maud, from Germantbwn forjkost,vrsiB read; at the com-lnsion three'cheers were gjven. After speeches by Hr. Adams, Dr. Ives and Mr. Baker, of the Twentieth Ward, indorsing the Chicago nominations, and predicting that Repnblican principles were bound to triumph, the meeting ad-journed.TBX NXW-YORK KAIL-SPI-ITTXIIS.—The New-Yorka d o p t e d w i t h a p p l a u s e . pMr. D. D. ATCHISON of Galveston, Texas, (cousin of Senator Atchison,) was then introduced. He asked who the Charleston Convention Delegates were sent by? The people? ["No."'} The party cliquessent them, and they- went there for party, purposes. The people hadnothingtodowithit.HowweretheDelegates received by the people ? With any enthusiasm ? No. The Baltimore Convention endeavored to resuscitate amother.Blacketone says: *.f The husband and wife are one, after week, until they had perfected.their report, whichBail-Splitter* Battalion, held a meeting at the Stny- party which had been dead too long. And what had theChicagoConventiondone?["AreyouaBlackRe-,THE MAYOR FOR APPROVAL.291. The"wifeisregairdedbyalllegalauthorities FROMCOMMONCOUNCIL. v•and tkat oiw ts the h^isband." Kent says: "The " legal effects of marriage are generally deducible fromwas approved by the Common Council, passed by theof adjournment arrived.i; . jCHARLESTON, i May 29.—The steamship Columbia, Capt. Berry, from New-Yorkiarr. here at 1 o'clock thiamorningNEW-ORLEANS, May 28.—Arr. bark Saone, from Rio Ja» nelro. • " J, U • •• ^ ' ' • .•'" the principle of the Common Law by which the hus- Legislature, and sigued by the Governor, What jur-ither publication could "be given? None. The op-'" band and wife are regarded as one person, and her ponents of parks complained that the taxation was un-M A R R I E D .provementsinquestionwasset downas one milion, throughthechurch. , I. • Iincluding ground which would cause a taxation ofhis" remedy in his own hands. Shall woman be denied about 2 per cent. If the amount should increaiie to The report was made the order of the day for 7£ WIN D—Sunset, from S. _ . \the right of protest against laws in which she has hado'clock this evening. ! j , , . The report of Committee on Overtures on the sub- Brooklyn could well afford to pay for such a gres t ne- ject of Covenanting was taken up, and, after consider-•$1,600,000 it would leave a taxation of 2 | per cent, and even if it increased to two millions, the citizeis ofshow that, in 1859, the Legislature passed alaw crea ;ing tlie Park Commission. This Commission waacompc sea o f o u r b e s t c i t i z e n s , w h o m e t d a y a f t e r d a y , a n d w e e kNorfolk, went ashc last night on Willoughby.Point; cargo a. a Committee of five to make selections from this ver- total loss. The shii Luna, ashore on Carter's Island, is going tosion, and publish the same previdus to the next General "DlCCCBA s s e m b l y . . . .'"_ " { ' . ' • ' . • | ' S A V A N N A H , M ^ y ^ . — T h e U . S . M a i l s t e a m s h i p A u g u s t a ,Pending. the adoption of these resolutions, the hour from New-Jfork, arrive^ at her wharf here at 2 o'clock on Tues- day afternoon—allwelli•"•legalexistenceandauthority^lost"orsuspendedduring the continuance of the matrimonial neighborhood of the Park, being unimproved was Slack, at the resdence ofthe bride's father, in Pontbtock, Miss., PAPEB6 PENDING BEFORE HIS HONORunion." (Vol. ~, hon Littleton, 112 187 B. Litt., sec. 168,equal . and Mr. Gilbert proceeded. tomoderately assessed, while the compact portion of of the sameplace.109.) Kent refers to CokeU1VV*I the city was Of necessity more heavily taxed. This \ras••••ftributed over one or more generations, so as not to fall tooheavilyuponthepresent,andhehopedthatthey wouldbeconsummated. He sawno objectionwhijen shouldretard theworks forasinglemoment,andhe wasthereforeinfavoroftheirimmediateprosecution.No. 191 F . and A. M., and the Association of Exempt Fire- men, are respectfully invited to attend his funeral from' his late residence,No.Ill Clintonstreet,onThursdayafternoonat1 o'clock.'BisremainswillbetakentoRahwayforinterment.BATTAM—InBrooklyn,on Tuesday,May29,ofcroup,Mary, onlydaughteroftheRev.FrankandMargaretBattam,aged3 yearsanrf8months. '•NWilson, Hill, Whitmore, and others. The Ridgevoooi Gazette99,on Monday eveningpaidavisittoGreenpoint,andwereexplainthat thet Mr. Thomas, S. Root of Pontotoc, to Miss AL Matilda, Boltonas afemine covert, placed wholly sub potentate viri. not unusual. The expense of Washington Park vras .: » I E J > . '•.;'; j . Resoletion on petition of Sperry k Co., permitting them to Hermoral responsibility, even,-ismergedinthehus- nowpaidforinthesameway. Theopponentsof 1he BROWN—OnMondayevening,May28,afteralingeringillness, placeaclockinlrontoftheirstore.No.487Broadway.was lead by Min» Dillon, the editress, and was received wUhThe laws on Divorce are qfuite as unequal as are riiuch; eclat. A large number of theRidgewood Union mem- 8,500 bales. RECEIPTS of three days 2,500 bales, against 1.900 Concurred in. .' ; I iFurniture nt Privnte Sale.jr A Heuaekeepera*—The Furniture«4 ae «woov««i for convenience of sale, embraid: •aperior good*, of every conceivable' deic; •old at a great bargain, tor cash, during lat •••ortment are tine RoVewood Suite*, Mac Velvet andotherCarpets, Brontes, C4M» ati\«a, and a full aMortment of I'urlor r'uroem Suites, in oak and covered in refits i Cut-rltt«i ware, Linen, 4c. Also i o.-rni»li wood,Walnut,Mahoganyandenam^llu> Hair Mattraases, Reds and Bedding;: u necessary to jcenteel housekeepers, r'uxeii to Hud what'they want, and at a !••*» p: ..< fay going to auction, and can have them; -or; Cell belore purchasing at No. 15 ClintJu'-p^of Broadway. Doors open from Ta. m. to Water-Coolers* Watcr-CoOlerr*.vantages seenl to be all On one side, and the penalties oa tbe other. In case of Divorce, if the husband be the guilty party, he still r<jitairi>s ithe greater pare of the property; while, if theijvdfebe the guilty party, shesions «f the E. D.•I »Board of Aldermen:] May 28,1860.On avt-R and noes adopted.Board of Councihn«fen,jMay 28,1860.Concurredin. j jS •Resolution to permit Johnston Brothers to place a show-eaaej DOINGS OF THE COLORED REPUBLICANS.—A lecturesteamer's news had no effect upon the market; Middling, 10J-® was deliveredlaBtnightattheMethodistChurchcornerof Third 102c. . : | •''..^•BUFFALO, May 29.—FLOUR firmer, and in better demand, but Mr. Alexander Dunbar, a gentleman of African origin, steppe I quotations unchanged; sales 1,200 bbls. ut $ 5 25 for extra State;'.••>wfay at 6 o'clock, the time at which our reportervisitedth4VISIONSfirmandgenerallyheldhigher;MessPork, $18;Prime, $15; Rump, $ 1 4 ; Bacon, lOjc. WUISKV noiuinaLResolution to permit j^wner or occupant of house No. 567 Broome street to. run drain to connect with sewer in aaid street.Board of Aldermen, May 28,1860.morning,iatlO-o'ciock, and if any member had any '•'. Brigs—Judith Some*wDaniel Webster,jBingaon, St. George deMina and a.market- TheCommittee,ontheBoard of Church Extension Clarence,Bradford WeatIndies, G.F.Bolly; Karoak,DovrnZ. more, Merrill id Abbott; Elizabeth, Dntton, Newark, muter . :»t»'wuy of the State, ao£ita quarantine,aad sanitary law s are in. a lengthy debate .as to whether or not all money col- Steamers—West, Foint, Rowe, xorktown, mastery George's?purpose of collecting funds for building churches. AfterSteamship Maridri. Foster, Charleston, mdse.and paas. to Spof- wants of each Board for the ensuing year. 2. Each Steamship Alabama, flchenck, Savannah, mdse. and pass, to ST.Presbyterytoraisetheamountassessedas.nearlyas L.MitchillkSon.j^Monday,4p.ra.,signaledaBaltimorebrig, possible. 3.The.contributions ofPresbyteries to be withablackAona,whitefield,withredborder..ABE T]HE GIA-NBrig Thetis'.(Br.,of Goole), Watkinaon,Newcastle 56diysy From the remarks made, we learn that the amount. coal to- Mead k- BelL Has experienced very heavy westerly necessary to be raised to carry on the various Boards gales. 10th inst., on the Grand Banks, in a whirlwind, lost botnOf the Church will be about $70,000, or $1 10 for eachtopmasts fore-fard and jibboom.Brig Tanna (Bn), McGregor, Picton8 days, oil coal to Co-On amotion to adopt the fourth resolution-^-to the effect that the present indications were not such as to demand the engagement in this exercise—the reportBAL TIMORE, May23.—Ship Luna, before reported ashore afc wastakenup. Theresolutionsappendedtothere- Arr.BremenbarsGustav, from Cardiff; BremenbarkAnna,ROOT—BOLTON-r-OnThursday,May17,bytheRev.W.L, tev.i.• . i i• •*-i i --i ..in•BURGLARIES.—ThehouseofO.P.Suydam,No.li% inmoderatedemand;salesof.13,000bush.MilwaukeeClnbat Adopted. • [ ft '$200, partiilly insured. •':.TotallyBoard of Aldermen,. May 28, 18G0. Prayerdfpetitionersgranted. Board of Councibrieni, A£ay 28, 1860. Concurred iii.Resolution to permit'Stephen E . Gardiner to continue street lampsandsignsouNo.j289-Broadway.Board «f Aldermen, May,28,. i860. . Adopted. ' ' \>">.Board of Councilmen, May 28, 1860. Concurred in. i j'<. Resolution to permit Firemen's Fund Ins. Co. to continue the use of their sign at'No. llpiBroadway.Board of Aldermen, Majjr 28, i860. ,Adopted.' '•••.•:'| •<:'>'BoardofCouncilmen,May28,1860.Concurred in. J Ih . 'Resolution directing] the Street Commissioner to paint theEighteenth Police Stai(onrHouse, without contracting therefor. BoardofAldermen.April16,1860.On ayes and noes adopted.Board of Councilmeuj M a y 28,1860.York and Brooklyn.Single copies 6 ce'r.f. JOSEPH H. RJCKJ No. 5 B ^ i uBavaria. pertinent questionings, to pity their misfortunesj or to Felix MtCluskey and John McKeuna, who, in conjunction Adriatic.was convicted of the. slung-shot offense .of theU^rmjiudsentenced.$10. I • I , , .••'••Valentine^oth,the keeper of a lager-beersaloon in Grandstreet, E. D.,'was arraigned for trial on the charge of selling ginThomoK 5«lly, indicted for sollinleaded guilty: and, in consideration of the fact that he had re-.May 18 May 10 Southampton ,... New-Y ork...... May 28Suquished Uw liquor businees, the Court imposed a fine of onlyTHE Professor.ofthePriiicipleaandPtacuceWestern .Modicil Collese oi Civs 12 mo. Wbpftge*. "Cloth.Initios Volume, Dr. -His explain* in a ••« >uri<jus causes of dis* With the condi to tioiJ necessary to the IpreservHUon oi h. tit t o i x d p a r t p r a c t i c a l . i n f e r u i A t l o n , a u o h a - w iea«s,jond to embody the beat results, in ri» toatuor,whichscience!hasreached.Teduu po*»lble, been avoidco, and the book win b Remanent value in 4'very fttmily, to ad ^arvjita especially it it commended, a» «tloi tion hnd coum>el. It Wa work for the neC t Published by MASON ioteceat. PublishedNos. 5 and 7 .Me;pfOW TOLITE:SAVINGAJEJL or, DOMKJ«TIC ECOSOXV IU.rsTWK.ri FaniiUes of Oppoaite' Character, Hat'it* Pleasaut Tsl^of Real Life, UseYul Les^'iH.' HoW to Live,Howno Have,How toI Happy; including the atory of **A tHm«ob)m»Q«i.12mo.,W0.pages.PriceTJc- ^VELLS,Pubiishew.lNo.^OSBroadW'a).IISf" This is one of- the moat useful aJ< the aett»cn, andshoohibe read by every cutOYDINSMOJEUS'8GUIDE.-)PiiceOftlyl5oW»t*., Sentfteeby tai eoyon a Sunday. 1 The accused pleaded not guilty, and, thinking that How canwe discuss ailjtho laws and conditions-of hit'presence ^a*u° longer necessary, took his departure. WhenIn tteamthip Quaker City,- from Neto^OrleoTt* and Havana— MarquisaudMarchionessde VuleriodeUzvdaand2servants; JoHeph F. Crawford, H. B. M. Consul-Ouneral at Hu\,ana; Mrs. J . F . C r a w f o r d , M i s s A l i c e C r a w f o r d , C o i . A u t . M o d e s t o d e l Valle,H * -----called on for ^ial ho wus not to be found, and a bench warrant iwns issued fo^ his arrest. He was tukon into custody during thea f t e r n o o n , a u l c o m m i t t e d .Tho Court wjourned until this morning.;~1 ' f.' 'FiRES.i—About eight o'clock last evening a fire! 2,300 bbla. Flour, 13,100 bush. Wheat, 9,800 bush. Corn, 9,100Board of Councilmen, May 28,1360.Concurredin. "..!|| ', ResolutiononpetitionqfdiverspersonsresidentsouFirstandI'"'"at the commencementTO ARRIVE. .Southamiptton....New-York.liquor without license,Oh ayes aud noes concurred in.Resolution directiugWiij Street Commissioner to advertise forproposals for building | n {addition Jo house ot Hose Company No. 26 to hii;g;mht of main! uildiug, and make the necessary mpairi, andreturnthoawardo. contT*ct toCommonCounciltorconhx* mution. „Board of Aldermen, f e y 3,1860.Adopted;ou aye* •*»«LftS^" BoardofCoriicumenJMay28;1860.On ayes &vd noes adopted.,R e s o li lu uW' o n o o u l i r m i n g ] t h e a w a r d o f c o n t r a c t f o r r . p « i r i n g a n d alteriw?Eleven.t.hPrecShejettiStation•HoouusseettoEdwardGridley, and making appropriation of $990 therefor.Board of Aldermen, May 14,1860.On ayea and noes adopted, .Board of Couucihuen, M«y 28,1860.Ayes and noes concurjredinResolution that the assessment for sewer iu Reade street be-tweenGreenwichstreet and.WestBroadwaybeconfirmed,and n alongwithRpuchin.JamesstreetonMondaynight,heasked ciscoHurtado,JoseBoachyCarbonoll,O.Bairronaandbrother, therefor. 1*|1new laws, or no laws, o divorce, until we have some what time it"ivus. Ronch drew 'out his watch, and, UB alleged, Wm. Cumminfis, Win. Hamilton, P- Barker) Jose Linares, C. Board of AWenaen; Mafeh 15, I860." \ ^ IHartman. P. Lorianse,Mr. Lambden, MUa Easender, Carlos y II Barreiro. Chas. Allison, Sebswtfan Marques, U.M. Rolltaa, S, J. Labatt,SebastianGallegos,H.Bartlett,ThosiBrown.JohnW.vention.ThemeetingwasthenaddressedbyMessrs.C.A. mancannotholdpropertyWman,audrejectthewhole afterafullinquiry,-iseausfledthatthecattlepanic Wm.'P.Caldw^l,E.Bleidon,ladyandchildxMw.M.A.F. toremoveremainsofUntitled Document{•"!>•all RouUa, May 29.—Flour, 11,888 bbls.; Com Meal, 284do.;Wheat,83,771bush.; Oats.43,478do';Corn,61,261do.; Rye, 1,381 do.; Provisions, 106 pkgs.; Whisky, 393 do.; Lard, 755 tcs.Movements el Ocean Steamers. TO D E P A R TSteamthip: Leav* Tor. Dot*.Europa...;....,Saxonia...,...Arabia..................Liverpool .BostonVanderbilt Africa.Liverpool.'.......Nowi-Y ork '' 3May 28A VOIDABLE CAeSESjOI ' J OB.N EtXlS, ili- Uat Noa. 867 and 869 Broadway.Board of Aldermen,May 28,I860: .,.••%.pass, to Hargoos k Co.. Saturday, 3 p. m., lat. 26 25, Ion. 79 45, »i(maled brig Kentucky, bound to the northward, from Cardenas.44We have joist i.uu>:d a larg^' s dl ABRAHAM LINCOLN, within a orl tod Liberty on the «de»—ornametr -dl andAmerican<aglel ,Thi* Engravng is from a Photo'; and .is said to b* agood tfictoeat. i'ri. piper (19x24 iachwj), 15 cent* p«.h colored; $10pT 100plain; {glTp^Mfi*nt by mail,inclosedfa apast*!r'«; price and two'•$•ce.nti«tamp»'to pxepay BAKER, t i . GOB WIN, PrfsTril une I Buildings, Prviti CLUBSorDJLlLERSoutof th" c «r througli Bookeelhirs., Terms ca- J."IrW Kepubiicain CentmJ Ci ttaurtuni—ho. 12£ Broadway, are.4 a«eoftheparty. -Massmeetings.*ve JUG, at« o'clock. The Glee Club *ili- SIMEO:0 1I T H I ^ T " ' ^ ^ " -SeventhWordRepnblicanA Jyn-—Thi» Ae»««ittticn wUl mwt Till in Mr. fUtt's School-hou»«, Kulto», i\ eltctioa of officers, and other bu*i».-i* portant tsr-TA. VA* TUTL, Secretary. Twentieth Ward Republic*legular monthly meeting of thi*, '*»* THURSDAYEVENING, al«pjui..< «i 8th-av.and 2£th-«t. The HciiutM, '•P1NSMORX \ <-, .  