 £ »piariiad in the absence of Judge Pabkkb, dweltsystem the profoundest respect- They are those who might have been expected to findwhere minesathe truth."pop- The Jury then returned to their room, and the wit-ance. Addresses were made Messrs.by Phtuis*,?«oS^_^v=-»«_the politicaltime, until the recurrencewhen it must endure the physic of another and the profib, tas well as upon commercialSpeakeroftka^mmmmfm[lPIH.i«|iPH...ll.|iJIU«;mCrklM *,l^v- -i-vj-i^pBewies^?5«?r^-r^^r " 'irk-nv. !«•'•'*WillaXD p. KaTIABS, for the manslsughter of fui. Moreover, we think that its hbtory has the extent of their ramificationa, like J'OBirM. Zohcnt, was commenced, but had pro- clearly proved that its efficiency, like that of floid, they Infuse health asd strength inM^^^lOUsrSILedger, Remarkable Devel-i^.Tonc(MUDtoftUMMmrrMi, taT^V-B-TiBuuM: Lovr. upon humaneat their monthlywith,ordepend- ence upon, the Muniolpality or the Mayor. The less the City officiab have had to do with it thehiilHy, but we need not despah-. In the darkestlia^Mii^M-,l"*-«^*t—Mi -is to be sent to Congresspolitician,madeuponsatisfaetloii, bnt n«ipeetalden.(UXVOanAliVMIikMoatfe(theworkingof the force..Fbbbabdo Woodbof theBepublic.Thesublime destinywhichument of thepublic spiritandcapacityof thbnBATXS—Tri Olb Kab or tbi F Kacaiu—Bxmovus.PiLLFBURv,of which he hasbeen themotion,and in whose hands are the bsues not izens of New-York, we venture to say, has''if*'*'"**OTSBUX—AttanoaB—TnOoldxsFasm- i^-llT^lni B»»A»»»»—Mioio Ton.consulted in' ^aouHM't Tanu.nSLOV SALOOlf—QaoBeBCauKT'iICntRUU. nUbAfll giyr»»—Tab Ambotcb ft Oa.'i IbauaBiii.and theof the other members in hb whims, we areofindividualbutofnationallife. Onr Frontier Regions.properlyregardOF THE DAY.'-- ''ni'iHI^'lof theilmmca at Halifax, aflei anEight thousand bales of cotton ware baiHt la- New.Tark Falitlea.f ^J? ''JraWSwhoto the frontier settlements of Texas to supplyMlMMkr pnitetcted passage, supplisa n* with UMqMMIWATLaas, CongresdonalCmiveDtianfgr&e3'SiilBK was, it seems, ttie bearer of a propo-riiUM'fif'am tbe Vrench Govemment, to the effectttmt "Mr**"^ ahonld join in a circular addressedM^r^Cooits of Eoiope, insisting upon non- Mayors of New-York and Brooklyn from theFeb. «.the 16th. The intelligence is ofbroughtforays%aMMtoimtoMphbL ISie njxnrted resrunption2ilf£9PCresa appears to nave had origin infit„^vjk of Lord CowLZT to London. Lord all taxation for tbe support of the Police forceof the belligerent altemative, the sanc- tftfi'af Pariiuneut twing necessary to authorize a Am lKtuI» lliand Senate, fixes their term of office at sixof it,BURT. Behind him all we need b Commis-also lost liiiibwl;naptTOon offensivetions in exchange, there b small hope of ag among its consequences a declara- 'n|M..tlf wax. In tlie absence of this clause the liaa at a dfolomatic commuiucation was relin- d, and that of a General Congress resumed.years,thronged to-daypro-:acitizens, who shallTlie onsalarippi Ceatral KaOrMid. WisaraoTOB, Tbartimr, FMkft!b(. fiHMso much of which was down poured'.meeting of the shareholders of and will probably revive the agonies in wiiichEver sinceconcurs. The of California, and the dbcovery of gold in that abves to revolt and to sobvertour Govemment Some ttood Cbasi PirsB C<»inB S.I alate of a&irs is regarded by the London changesof the force as little aspossible. TheyavoM paaaiOD, prejudice and groundless suspicion. ForiM Commonwealth, Hr. Andriw Huhtib, w)k> eondncted the proceedings against Browxwhat services it rendered to liberty in the Mid-Before the jury retired Hr. Hiasmo, District Attor-oftheschemeprincipal changes are the exemptionchester, Richmond and Queens Counties fromplace our lives and property, so far as legblar againstof unlimited denunciation on the .«!.Qntheotherhand,thereareindicationsof MayorWood,Mr.JahisT.Brady,andallotherNaa-Arrival aftke NerthFeb. 1—It P. There are as yet no signs of tbeSaFliyijpartadmirers of the Municipal system as it existsThe Grand wassworn.Jury,of which R. V. SaisuT is foreman,PoiTUBB, Me.,North AmericaH, now dae here, with UraipgalM,b willing to make the deared conces- jectiiih^nllioa oa the part of Austria ts abandon the^ Aie Dukes—a temper that <il|nr'tif expatriatedthe police they should have little to do.The Judge delivered his charge, and in referring to ". vl^4cjtand of the Police.^_^^^Tke OUe SeaataraUp.eanae tionble. There is nothing of strik-in this City.b theof tbe 18th tostOOV. CBASX (LBCTXO OVXB COBWIB ABBnwaaent from the Continent.tisanship,Walkcb, the »e Csfitain of the pirate yacht Waniertr, aSioAnA at Lirerpool, and iiad lieen arrestedtte aMamer. The intelligence from CWm b bter, but nnbnportant.Indiaandcountry, byone man should be. He thinks it should be tended and removed far from the centre of civ-deqiersdoes,dupespeitment, like eTerytUBg tbe, eaMnUaOx and thlea, aaaodafioiia, BMBortea tatthem WM tb«-caaaiiCl^|K«Ha, Hm aadgrant thdtet-awlndUr, who wa» aait ip Hw StatePrison for that the vast migoilty of those who are mercbl relations, ofa cotmtry such aalast weak, wtie piiaei% ^Jt^Ofeft '^A'moBg completely an e^ieriment, aad we think And then the great material iataicstBrfcjjhaPflhedStatesSenate,yesterday,Mr.Datis, tosolveis not howto keepWard politiciansengaged,have not as been and others who yet aptoehended,are believed to have been actively engaged In this^tifSMiatppi, intiodnced resolutions on the reU- and, then took the floor to speak upon Ur. the lives, property and health of the citizens, alatoir ofKr. DOUBLAS. The House of Bepresen- estimate likely to be formed of the new bill intali««awaa not in session. A caucus of the Be- the of the regionagainst GovemmentoftheUnitedStates. Thbban agency of evil, destined to have a more impor- tant bearing on the stability of our Union thandeem it for me to recommend to unnecessarytwo jeara and Ihtea montlw. In the case of Hob- meet Interested in its aooceea, win con- atrong conservative elements ofmmsociety, the jnry retainad a veRUet of guilty. The trisl of been eminently snccess- terpenetratlng and aU-pervading, thBhat,triadiiMt4h*murderofJonicLxabt, cedethatIthassofarbat a Uttle way when the Court ad- other ^resaed manyhas been in the in-body politic.We shall have other crises in ourmeetlBB. adopted a remonstrsncesgamst the pas-ssMTbT thelegislature. of the Pro Rata Freight SStS UOm. \be mediaUon of our Governmentsome star will arise above the political Imi-gned on taA b alto-it have been raoehhi behalf of the Chinese, for the pai^fe ^termin-better it has answered thepurposeof its crea-con toguidepathway.Intt*this, thatttafluAmi irounds A memorial serving apparatus,and hb the Police presence uponthe excitements most and honestly laid out, and been iDduljnd in by the RepobUeaioi ofthe subject. The topic of unproved l^is-pre-aUayingwhich threaten our peace and the perpeniltyManchester and toed..-^..^ BUOICIB« AX OLaVBLUm. /.siCiavniBB, Ohio, Ttamdw, J!MK%The Republicans fired one hundred tsea gOBs this altemoon in honor of tbas Mr. PBBBnrafOB to ttaeSpMkanUp of tke IGov. Hounualimaaaye to the Legislatw tffbe MMiallaaB of As tmdy CsrollDa Legisbtore, appaaMf flSpon suggested by the Philadelphiaby Mrs. LuoT Stobi Blackwbll and Bev. BoKTWortdmaybedebyed byandTo hamper the management of thb enter-airates. Foreign Exchuges were quiet.Cott(m was lightly dealt in, though prices were unaltered. An improved inquiry prevailed for Flour, partly for export, at a shade firmer rates. Wheat and Com were held with more confidence. The sales, however, were restricted. Barley at-he is to endeavor to secure. From more resume our way, confiding in that Provi- the men who have so successfully begim it independence to Ihe 1TBloB,«ad b OBwa(ag<l»MallBS.TAasuBon'1DKAiutia tracted more attention. Provisions were m good led to augur the worst results from hb con- request at buoyant prices. Limited movementsand tbe DexterBROAOWAT-HODIL or were Fish,Hay,andSeeds.yesterday'sappeared;now made has originated in the obstinate long-ing of a knot of politicians to convert the ParkHotel, adjotaing,ireportedwere quite moderate.TheFreightengagements reasonforexpectinghbsuccessorstobevery much better in thb respect than he is. Provi-Sre lastevening. Lose, tSflM;A New PoUce Bill.There is a bill before the Legislature, intro-dence seems to have ordained that the great majority of the Mayors of New-York shall bescheming politicians, and it only remains for us to meet our fate like men, and to protect our-opmenb," states that a large portion of the slock stolen from Texas is purchased by tra-COTTOB AT HXW-OXLXABB.Nbw Obuabs, Wadaaadsy, Pcb. LMr. Bobxbtson, which proposes to make some important changes in the Metro-penetrate nearly inducedby•otlcM to the Utb nit., and, b; way of politan Police system as it now exists. Thebe asrnued thatatto three meml>er8, and the exclusion of thewhich neither theMayornor theMunicipalityitHomellsvllle, altemates. , ^'CelUalM at Baa.and raises the Superintendent's salary to $5,000.necessary suppliesopera-to witness thesaUs._There is, in our opinion, not one of theserespectableAn authorized dupatch says that tralBa MM.mayfor the cause of be called an amendment. We have no doubt, agementmenced mnnbg over the MisdsslppI Ceatraliaad^ ihrlemineDtly auspidoosB^; while the Paris Pays declares the situation at the same time, that they will all form the sub- should, in fact, simply exercbe a general su-With the internal discipline and economy of"tajMjjiitlllilj satisfactory, and even intimates thatThe exclusion of the Mayor from the Board is the last drop in the cup of bitter-active, meddlingtheHarper's Ferry Invasion, said:you,ness,Democratic throats in the Summer of 1857,bandof murderersandincendiaries traitors,that in these views of ours, as to the propriety of IBa'VmiAMteni had been held, but nothing the Aldermen and Common Councilmen have lodging the control of the Police in the handsHka^Mfadoggoodsoponfalse pretences. TheknowingCoiuKsm,0„Thursday,Feb.t, Ez-Gov. Balmob p. Chasb was to-day slaatait citizens and people, with the design to incite oar United States Senator on th* Siat baUot TkavMeiMCJMiGipateddoUle had toanspired prior to the departure ofIndianthe acqubition which our frontier regions were ex- ofbeenon behalf ofMunicipalentirelydifference lietween us b as to who theand others thewrithing the last two yearstheseingcowards,werecaptured,tried, andpunishedac-energeticand the Federal Government. Ur. Fitch, to afford the largest measure of protection tottaabatwam^eaeyeralStates,-andbetweenthetunenotto with agreebutonother ernment officiab scattered throughout those pointswasburnedto deaththismombg. Her-''**'»); aa-;Baraedt*Death. PaovissBOi,Tkaraday,FakS,of one man, BIr. Woodrights for butastheproblemwehave onlyof : n, 54, design-City1ll||ii lijiaiiliiiii was, however, held, to determine Wood the lal>OT of writing an eulogium owed hb appointment, either wholly or inyou to conduct your inquiries with that coolness, jostice and good sense which has disUngulshed your prede- their inquisitions, and which have metCwfatiftMdbpoaitirai of the minor offices of the House,wtmS vaa informally determined to sustain Coll upon the Municipal system, and VoUlBT for Clerk, and H. W. HomiAJC, of Hary- ral Aldermen the trouble of taal, far Bergeant-at-Aima. No action was takenin legnd to Doorkeeper, Postmaster or Printer.In the Circuit Court of Jefferson Co., Ya., indict- neata were on Wednesday found against AJioBXW aanOBB and William Hazlitt. as accomplices in. Iha Haiper's Ferry convulsion. In deliveringidjoanmeDtProcccdiBirs ofChe Mjegialmtmr^speeches in its filorification, to mention, how- ever, that the vast majority of the inhabitants of this City, or at least of those of them who have been initiated into the mysteries of read-from one end to the other.and honorable citizens of our common country.So conduct your that the bright escutcheon inquiriesof our beloved State shall not be dimmed by passion, prejudice or groundless suspicion, and also let themof course,and its immediatea sore trial to their pride to take down the flag Conits, in rader that the prisoner might be tried at great cities of this Union. It has failed to pro- declared that they would march to victory orand the earlier convicts, appearsblessingwhile the de- has proved in America. But they have learn- fruits, in the shape of offices and profit, canawakes into barbarism.him with murder anding with slaves to create a rebellion.andHoaton Yesterday, upon the opening of the ~CaiDt,l(r. Sbbbott, on behalf of Stiphiss, prayedThe witnesses In the case of the Commonwealth vt.gentleman nwrnttee^alsaof a bill toincorporate theNa-yet, year by year,out with their messages and make no allusions— fulandgoingonsmoothly Indiansallbecom-Cbaxlistows, Thursday, Feb. 2—P. M. Sessions to transfer proceedbgs b Comts of Oyer aal The Court opened at lOi o'clock this morning. Termber.J^f^ UD w«a taken np and ordered to a third read-cast by one of their own number. LecomptonThe Anti-seeming perfect suggestedhealth.to the Commonwealth tbe.-'S^k,the Aaaembly, with an amendment makingaotaa and diaAa payable the day before, instead of pected undergo,short of active service inDemocrats lay the flattering imc-gusrding good boys, and the Indian agenb all doing propriety of announcing whether it would elect to-Aa <»r foltowlpg, aHthana <* New-Torlt, sgainst appropnations byTheof Warthe~ I"«gblatiire,werethe bills relative to thethetion, of the loafers, grog-shop keepers, knaves, and adventurers ofevery class and degree, intobut the saysisArmy doing tilings up brown,'.-dry goodstheir path b now simple before them. They deeming them all necessary.aadto the Attorney-Generalship, excited pro-Court,swallows thisnot appear to have sufficient wisdom and pa- send the prisoner to Staunton for trial.The bill toregulatethe ferriageNe«^T^tnetad debate, but were not acted definitelytrash,aaoieorleasinjury and ;ttaa noble efforts of the aaee«talnednumberUnitedpreciselyallSo partieshappy.mentsupon it as an appeal toiiiemmaa waubo.The Board of Aldermen lastpnse^r^would have to be tried onholiday.their duty.Secretary;Witness Northern and Western Texas, New-Mexico, Arizona,Utah,andchargingtreason,conspir-presented. During appoint-to the trial. Heand only asks for a little more cash, in order acted in bad faith towards the prisoners, removing live stock.[Seaaion,Inapectora of Election and Canvassers, uniformedon the soleof theirhas not fallen to them, theyband then recedingProgresswas then reported.upon.Bx-Governor Chasx, of Ohio, was yesterday pose increasing politicalWUs were then passed Committee of the Whole.^oaen United States Senator by tbe Legislature man, was a point in enduranceCourt, for it certainly would be an act of mercy toSeveral localof that State. The vote stood POOB 64, COBWIB t.A—for ChasbbeyondIt was the exhaustion of fpatience which tedious manufacture of political capital and aand that such direct Interference in the goremment of the business of the nation will now be attendednottee erf abUl toRailroad in Seveuth-avenuB and other streets oiaew-•had which had contained and it,the election of athe Metropolitan Police Act of 1857. That conservative Speaker, and daringly hopes«"»»f. »TMg- East Broadway and other street*., .ASSEMBLY.^Im which thoseby sofferingSo close has been the contest that every man who voted for Mr. Pikninoton havehissenseofIndividualimportance the reflection that hb single vote, of a thousand to twelve hundred men, as Mr. Bbioos declared of his own in thsboiler in aonMr. HAEi>nfo, for the Commonwealth,a proposition for removal, and bad strongly protested against it throughout tbe trial. He was at first will- bg to turn them all over to the Fsderal authorities,saperannnatedFiiat-etreet, Williamsbnrgh, exploded jesterday with extreme to theof • •"Oltodestroying dw waDa of bnildinga in the vicinity. Oioboi jWko waa In a stable adjoining, was crushednewspaperof which had ever heard nobodyto any change of trial. He did not consider thatWisB had authority to make the change.Gov.leenbtoad ta Avenue D,Adjourned.others were rescued by firemen; but a large but un- perished before the eyes'of theStates. It was met manner which tmust furthermore state under oath tliat theytte table the message from the Mayor, nomtnatiniwayofaresult of European habits and associatiens. the councils of the nation. The country feeb enough keepin oidar to render theOmoBBoard, and Dr. Bobbbt B. BsAnroBD for Health Coanmrioner. Bo much of the message as re- lated vo the nomination of Dr. BeaoitoroMr. aorad to isn—» th* Ull, oa Ik* JaoasBSJ.TuOKBk for President ofnumberofInstitutions,of thehaspay has been with- objecb,recovery to the careful study of politicians.tiset refusal to decision is, thathopegnltty.«sr-ttaej pa*. BBbas><£*,'%S".°*^'iP'"TM'»> immifilf^^oaid ~"_,Ctty ef Wew-Toik;^2S.£S: —distillerydeal of superflous talk, has at lengthMr." McLioB MniPHT gave no«Mthe National Democratic Hall b »e»-T««g,Supreme Cour^'as thefails tohad the right to mabtab that the and avow all that b to be prisoner b regarded as Innocent until he b proved^ ID the esse of the teachersMunicipal systempromote systems,the CrotoSinpossessionlargepreciabletheyASfAni laqaaatbg the Mayor to invite Mtndxktexperiments, conductedunderthemostsuitaltle—to behave as if America were notMr. Aitaae otnseted to theTljartaa.,leaolution, offered Alderman bywhich we found our andunsuited to new pecu- as it has passedover sohave onlyAmerica, but Austrb, andTb* bUl tocoropantosftom votingprogre** reported without debate.of tosuipniib*taken Oat sp,liar situation. InrPtaaUsBtof the Cioton Aqueduct Board, called sines 1776 has been a series ofin the of opinion'^"TaitBCBuiox again to accept the nomination forshort,material damage;that, safe,alongudpersonaldiscussion. Thereso- notoflbperiodic mabdy,teenth,andtheywillbesafewiththe law barrassment HequotedanumberofauthoritiestoalwaysriBB H. CoLM and Babtboloxxw B. Chap- conditions, or with the wisest care, but stillthe Central Park act, on aborder to afford an opportunity pretsatbrr*-wss Tlie nominat- rejeetad. City Inspector"show tbe correctness of his position.Jndge Kbbbxt said that it was conceded there wasmotion for "^Ceroaa. The Ux-payers of New-TaA a»aarJprHealth Wardens of the Sgfateenth and Wards respectively, and the nomina-with the one object in viewthat of" establish- tranquillity,easier. Every unhappyname under the AUanta ban need only adver-calcubted to embarrass the prisoner b Us defence, bat he could not see how it could embarrass Urn by ajoiaderof alitfaacounts. The object was to glvs the prisoner all the chances b his favor, but attll themonstrances.to be preparing to fightvolving heavy expenditurea.sent to the Assembly two Important». vvbose ithas,like all otherfor the future, though we havebeavowed, and they vrill have no further troublethan wiUoncemoreshakehandswith nleadtotheindictmenttUlaflerISo'clock.^.r««s ^bSon^r e^Sdltare"Urn awM UJt LLIUHW vm m employmentpolitical ties,prisoner•Bt JJ IMlllll !.1m A* C«»rt of Oyer and ThtiBtoW TWterday,shine as the stars tnof the Zii^wgloryupon Eapvrga-^^mannar, no<he nmxal ojobn oTM was edjaastwtread the Bibb inare on-'!''V^?- This decUion does localityof their silks and muslins. Thehis ex- ceptions to the ruling of the Jndge at the propertheya» the fOT disobediencevitality,especbllyown, theybthe tax levyay bapasaiff ta »«*» "**? -^T^I:faithlhl wiUWe have B«w, ftUfcwe ye«re, tried the Me- ed with their strength, and which bind to- the new-waahed pagesef Ih* OanataMaapease* of,«sldtoThe remainder of the session waa passed in the iand what an inestimableney,dleAges,iience is conducted by Hr. GxoBOX Sxinrorr, of ed by bitter experience that for some reason well afford to be contented, though it has beenSfaSBCon.TlieCourtrefusedtomaketherequisite tiaaafar, and the case proceeded, Ur. Habdinq opeaiDK for the State.and the promotingwelfare."clerk, arm him with plenary and send him South, to abjure all that-m^f "ef„a.JiKssW.Bs«kB*B.Oai«o«police werethe werebutthevictimsofawhen, like ourare in the full flush of youth and prosperity. New-Yorkagainstpestilence, nor secured oubide of their own party organization. Theaddition that has been made is a company of twenty porate the Citizens' Savings Bank in New-Yorkdecbive vote which turned the scales in favor SomI Demoenttic Hall in New-York. The " Holi- to it They have suffered in Its behalf every- of the present incumbent of the Chair wascitizens of New-Yoric with want of devotion thing that any large t>ody of men can be ex-The SecretaryJudge JoEH Kxinn presiding.Mr. MunnxB btrodneed a bin, providiBg In by the jsllor and his Comnanies formed on tke plaa of Mataalmay receive from any number of appUeaali, I of notes, caA in advance of premlma*.ttatThe Central-Park the field, against a foreign enemy. The con- tion to their soub that they have adminbteredaDeandnr irp, various petitions from prominent version of a large mass of the criminal popula- a tremendous rebuke to the present Adminis-policy thefirstaadddofeoaaideration.which the buyers of Qeorgb;and the names of theutes,anddubcthattUns thea mnsclo. He answereditpnblic bodies, verse ratio of its connectionmmKXW-TOBXnBM(«MHr>-TW»DWUMB atingtbepresentwar,wasadvocatedbyMr.A.A. tion. MayorTixmanhwaaneither veryen- worstcomplicationsofaffairssomecompromise gethercreditable and srflsfactoiy;thatthe Theelectionofa1OQTD0d.Tlw Chamber of Commerce,us on our nationalterprising nor very unscmpulons as a will be effectSl of conflicting interests, some expenditures alreadyBoard ing to impede, however little it did todid noth- mode win be devbed ofpromote,sagaciouslythat we are building np in it an endoiiiig mon-tUaS^ Concord, M. H- islalwlwia l^HBoard of Trade, was also cooridered.A " Woman's-Bights" meethig waa held at the a bird of a very different feather. Hb present b marked out for as as a nation in thb New- great Metropolis which shall he to all onr heirsaccidental convul-Cooper Institute last evening, and waa addressedrebtlon with the Police b at once a constantThis KreBinc. latter spoke of "Woman's Moral and Personal In- b what a natural would call " a tions are partial andsaccesaoTS "a joy forever."prise with a practical enbrgement of the Com-jriW-TOMTllUf. Wabo Bbicrbx. The former considered "Ameri- reminder of a galling defeat, and a means of sions, but can hardly be defeated. The causescan Laws Belatincto Wives and Mothers," and the recovering the power he mbosed and lost He at work to estrange ib different sec-flnaneainPoUtlca." Theaudiencewasaboutlialf THXAfBB-Tu BeituiM Of A FoM aa brg* as the capacity of the building.philosophertemporary;those lead>by subjectingof Sapervisors, would be to commit the mostWith the excapUon of the shares of the Pacificnecessary for the snccessfiil conduct of the ex-ffijiV'^Mimf-OMTM^TTHT. ^BSAIM«'8THKATBB-JmuraDiun,OKIHfavor,theBAckma^etwaagenendiycharacter- ^,,1—- Mi»-LoTMu»- ised hf 'heavlBMe aad dapresdon. A larger saryofblunders. NoTexas,traasmitttogM[afl which andwereinmore Company, advanced,ridiculousaadperilousall ib future outlays to disturbing force." He man the conditions ing to tmion are efficient and permanent In the win of the City Comptroller and the Boardgroundelectioneering dexterity, for the express pur- will assuredly draw the second. And the4he sentiment of a common nationality, in the periment The control of the Police b neces- spirit of mutual forbearance and conciliation,tosecurehimthe con- inthebondsoffraternalaffection,inthecon- ofmencanpossiblybefoundhalfsowellfitted ttoB. TbeLegislatms complete politicalil iitreihV edbuK AnnnmAiu amoDBt of Metcimlfle.pivar was negotbtad at toll trol of the City, and whatever he thinks neces- viction of oar high mission, we may once to judge how thb work shall be carried on as tsbbg Gov. HoDnoa'i vbira. Texas gasaaptthe arbitrary interference with Superintendentsary,dence which rules the waves of worldly com- Not one in five thousand of the tax-paying cit-render the Union on aa eiaeigeeuy not daaSMta^ cient to escuse so biportsiit a step.Tire*. ^y BTOBB ABD HOTBI. IB HtCKiaAT.Dazna, Mich., Thursday, Vak K, The bnil^g and stock of Gbobob ,moving cause,onlyin Groceries, Metsls, Hides, Leather, tinued presence in the body. We know noIntract from the San Antonio (Texas)half-a-dozen years toan^ grocer,shall have to do. anything" intervention a eonu htUi. The principle Commissioners in the hands of the Oovemor one honest and experienced man at the head long as they find a ready market for the spoibiJn the affiuTS of Central Italy, and Board. This bill lodges the appointment of the nmecepted by the English Cabinet, with aWhat we need for this purpose b, above all,Charlestown.CsAsusTOVB, Ta., Wednesday, Feb. I,The town isceedings of the trial of Stivbxks, one of the Har- per's Ferry conspirators.Thewon the nominal victoryhavingdraught.Republicans,made an address to them, and after an absence of an hour they returned with a bill against Supeibs,them asthe operationThmaday, Twenty-eighth Dlitrict met at Wayliad, to^tr.tmlselvesof West- of any disagreeable law of nature. We must exchangeagainstagainstThe Democraticwho shall be responsible for ib worldng and this we believe we have got in Mr. Pills-in coUlsian with a schoonermision of threewliich is not desirable and not hold as few meetings and meddle in the man-changeIt b not reasonable toanBoard comes political partisanshipIt is known toand is now a part of the history of the country, that on the night of the 18th of October last past aWe have the satisfaction ofstealthily made a descent on tbe soil of Virginia, in the County of Jefferson, and wantonly murdered several of ourIor other, it has proved a miserable failure inthat the ease might be transferred to the Federal New-York and Baltimore and some other under which some of their loudest leaders had and Washington Territory. If immoral, cor- same character was shortly afterwards returnedtect those living under it in the enjoyment of death. The Democrats congratulate them-the simplest oftheir personal and social rights. selves that they have defeated the electionjury,allow counsel tune to examine the bdlctment against him.Stxpexrb aad Hazutt will be defended by Mr. Sis-8ENATB.Aliabt, Tknrsday,F^The Legislature had a busy day of it, tbanks to It has left them at the mercy of swin- of Mr. Sherhan, though the recollec-a protracted evening session of both Houses. dlers, jobbers, robbers and faction-fight- tion is dashed with a mild regretRon. The Commonwealth is represented by Htmrix.AmurSeveralwere tat tke presented aakingSeveral petitions for a Personal-Liberty bill werepresented to the Senate, which devoted itself, for ersaoae hoars, to a debate on the Canal bill. In the has neither cleaned their streets, nor they had to cast their entire vote for a manaiveoiBg, the Bailroad-totl bill was taken up and shielded themaaeodedinoneortwoparticulars. Billsforrail-Toada OD Seventh-avenue, Fourteenth-street, and them a share in the administration of the Gov- Americans plume themselves upon having And other City streets, were noticed by Messrs. Cobbol- ernment No one, in short, can charge the held the balance of power, and boast that theLT and McLlOD Mubfht. The latterpetitionsof a Personal Uberty bilh;somethingwithin our own bordersIt is deemed unnecessary,atpresenttobcrease,has loaded them with taxes, and that, in order to accomplish thb end,We haveworse, in every respect, than those countriesto passageany extent, the military force now here. The only A favorsUe report was made on the blU'to bear-tration, and indulge the hope that, though the first prize in the lottery of Congressional or-war from one end of the frontier to the other, uponganizationof the influence of one country, whose feelings and interests have largepolice,the Federalfrom that determbation, and tbosght the bdlctment and Brooklyn was then taken np te Committee of Ihawhich, been least consulted in the strife, rejoices, 75, however, they were not prepared to go. most of all, that the House, after six weeks'the horrible condition of the Policeviolence, tearing pieces about that led to the passage of been organized byExpnrgatorins.bajj- porato of a raUroad U F*«-brought greatlatelyready facquiescenceto thb inter-Ibf Its bHing mins. A bagment of the a city on the part of the State waa abnormal' to, and sectional agitation give place to practi- Lztdxn into a kind of prophet, priest and king Mr. HcvuB denounced as utterly untrue the asser-aTHOMaaBhabbob,ablacksmith, weadmitbutsowasthestateofthingsitwascallegbbUon.Allpartieshavehadsome-ofthe toibmb-tiOBofMr.SnnioiTthatStstixswasforcedtopleadAlbaby,Thursday,Fetkt. Mr. Vak Hoeh had leave to report the Mil ^>- propriatlng the proceeds of the State tax for tae sap-port of schools, which was passed.The of Public lattrucUon seat aa SuperintendentbvttatioB to the Assembly to attead th* absbfaf ttawas taken and ordered to a third It days ap raadiaKiiDclndas Christmss, N*w T*ar'a,Fourth of Joly, the asd of Febraary ai tiondays,andprovidesthatallnotaaordue on Sundays or holidays ikaU ba paid 4a'tta Avheniiriy, and canabg hb death. dry-goods trade, keeps stoutly at the late term of the Court..Nnonsware iiqiired. An investi- intended to remedy. No svch phenomenon has thing to do with the result, either by their sion of moral discipline. It republbhes its Mr SiKiroTT disclaimed an»- IntenUon to reflect onhUbof those calamities soone. and spoke eloquenUy of the State of Vir- mild and mag- ginia, hoping Ills tongue might wither before hei a a Coraner'a Jysrj will be made to-ever in thb aa the condition votes or their influence, their orfamous"BlackandWhiteLbt"ofNew-York «nyman-trapsare constructeo, occurred last"for so classing these Hoi/sis, aad still have the evi- dence oo hand, and shall steadfastly adhere to ourinvited bythemode of our City, the tenementwould in any but speakto the took fire in the Bd owinc to the comhast&le materialand command of a irresponsiblepretorianfor itWilli hvmanbebga,these whose names shareHouass, Judge Kxairr, after statbg his oaderstandlng of theeveningappeared coontryof New-Tork in the time of ttie oldThe their elevation of an unscmpolous politician to thewith thenanimous proclamation appendedon headoftheCityGovernmentandtheabsolutemay increasedWehadInthefirstinstancethebestof evidence,by appro^iatiog to himself almost as decbive leaped ftom the windows and were saved with the Municipal system as established in the an influence in the defeat of Mr. Shkbxab.The. Adonble crowded baitdhig,.was a matter of life and death, and ke might the fate of Bxotk.exercises of the 8teto Normalideied b Comiattee of the Whob. Th*.lehool tUs i It being geaetal order dar, bUla apolice.strength.bymerchanb,followingterms of of thatSUte. praisewas made to send Stsvsjis to Staun- ton,hethoughtheshouldbettersccepttheoffer,gnardfliara, the house waa at once filled with by the votes of the poorest, most ignorant and House, elected the Speaker, and every one who are now found in our Black List, will make an affi- motion of Mr. Sskroit, said there was nothing tooriginal potldon untilanuke. The unwarned and panic- reckless portion of the popubtion, was a con- voted against Mr. Pimhimoton may be relieved davit that they are neither Black Republicans, Aboli- show that Virginia ever made a legal surrender of theTo *zba< TOtt- fromJamestoFaUonsdeel; aadLiBiata8,w1ioae escape by the stajrwayfA, lied to the upper story. A few tingencyfor which no provision was made intionists, Free-Soilers, or have (ever been enemies to He would no attention to poUtical prisoner. payofcieUes. The bill to amend the act de*lgnalta« halt-in the—he spirit of our institu- Individual members feel happy, that they are never have anyfeel more or less iBaetators. The building was the property of Mr. tutions prescribes by legislative experimenta- no longer creatures in embryo, but realof the Counsel for ths deface State to transfer the case, and would have totion. ThewholemachineirofourQovemment stituentpartsofanorganized bodytliat they of the Slave Uw, and wiU in no forcement Fugitivedlctments,prisonerevening took from is an The Revolation left us can draw their to of them an ap- aid or abet In the sectionalthe Commonwealth to selectpreceding,day or holiday.experimentpay manywarfare now carried have onbytheFree-SoilersoftheNorth."Mr. SxBKon reqeeated onecountbtheindictment,case less complicated and in justice to the prisoner.ellnbgand thatand the Municipal system amongst others, the won their recognized and legitimate place inwas re--fgmtitt^ the nomination of Mr. Tucxkb was We have, one by oie, discarded those of thsm happy that it has passed over another crisis—ing justice, securing the domesticGeorgia. NothinggeneralIn so farfor a For ourselves, we must confess that it gives powers,swearingthese to submit to alteration and modification, either in oneCoiuaeowsalthtropolitan Police ejniti^,_ IX baa been an ex-torim-our ever legislationand doctors, it isas allble death. Each was an indictment tn itself, and—— convenience;tostead of th* day ionnaedlTH, aaeh Mon-agitation.We commend the diagnosis of thb suddena Mr.no means been in the number of those who im-abjured,He therefore rejected the motion of the coun- selfor selecttig one countusbytbe Laflslatore anllwiTHai a two a«l atait orMr. toaottle definitely the vexed mimity at large. When FisNANno Wood and Nations die hard they possess an immense stieeta of Atlanta wiU once more rustle with tlnss.pressatrf the Board of Education hiscrinoline; the dnmuners of The arraignmentconstitutional two honrs. and SnvxBS was not called uponJ»S»*"""'^f^?,SiM MasamaHsviabb,B.B.MraniBB.and^Mrowanshorn of their rf the taachera was that LegbUtnre, theyor inmany,at the hands of the com-mUlions dollarsagined the Republic to be in articulo mortis- in dbpoeing ;powers bywhich makea the safety of the people It is bard to sunder theof »ald Ctty, «a4 .ttebe aoeoo^ sgm~c».havewiththeirgrowth, andgrowngether their several parts by comnxpn sympa-With political par-him,webelieveweareatone. Wewill,however, regionshasbeennotorious,andtheoutrageousfire, snd before reUef eonld ba Ti»- dered, she died b extreme agoay.of thtState Anti-SlaveryI teaohition. His remarks were landatory we confess we do not feel bound to discuss the pay him the compliment of saying that we system under which they rule and ruin b in- will be your duty, and I believe your pleasure alsoaf Ike Administration and of Slavery, and denun- should object lull as strenuously to giving the stilllDg into the rising generation on the Pacific to inquire who were guilty of polluting our soil and^Hall. It save Mr. control of the Police to any man who directly slopes feelings mayof bitter hatred the attempting to dishonor the sovereignty of Virgteia. Ipart, to the votes of the rabble of thb City, in-Aitl-SUrtry— many before ^vrithoutto recede from any count in the Indictment,Th* ammal reportsof Canal and Coatractlag theUntitled Documentwtthoot »J«Tstrengthen-igOTtyaauarWhams. I-«^^?/^which, nnder the head of"Insured.ders fromthese Indians withulation sufficient tothe powerthe thinlysettledportionsofCalifornia, OregonHaalett were then sent up, and an Indictment of the against Dim.Tiues therean ex- our taxes forNew-Mexico,everything they need,for sfocktheTexasborders. Thbtradebcar-Bath. aasF. C Br. in this City the reduction of the Commission well organized and well officered Police, with being frowned down and the traders punbhed, JosiAB Claxz, of Levonla, aad R. £. Baiiian affromtheseNEWSremarkable facb, with the remark, that so Trial of Stephens and Hazlett attion can do it, under the shield of an efficient ried on openly and extensively. Instead of ib ;-b fostered and encouraged. The Ledger concludes its exposition of what it considers'Naw-Oavauti, Wednesday, nb. t. The bark "Ashore," from ffew-Tork, bovnd to— obtained in thb manner, and can procure theTen Cruz, has put b here badly, bakbgbitlaglMaacarry for the better."agencies.tothat the Led- ger and the people of Texas have only at thbmomentof pervision, and constitute a Court of Appeal. the evils practiced under our frontier military shire County.ofand Indian The more reason- agency sjrstem.openedtheireyesto theenormityable b,thattheuniversal suppositionThoreday,plunder- ing operations that have been carried on ruin along all our frontiers for the past ten years, under the auspices of our Govemment, have at last reached communities in Texas that do not acknowledgethedominionoftheArmyandthesupposeAt 11 o'clock the Court opened, Judge Jobs Exnrr,of Rockhigham, presidbg. Judge Pasxib being en- the £rst thne, on the tfth alU, and Oat they kava gsged in holding the regular Town Court in Hamp- been running regularly stoce then.to their deserts. But there are someMayors in good humor, but how himself, and on thb point we have the mbfor- ilization, the flagrant abuse of power by Gov- or supposed to have been engaged, in this foray who Hiss RiBBCCA BLoneET, a very weHmaMa ladi;seve-making which is most interested in its laxity and cor- the Slavery question, which now agitates the with the approbation of the good and patrioticasmuch as it is that class of the community ruption.cessors bThe election ofSpeakerseems togiveallbe conducted withoutfear,favor or affection, thatyouThe Happy Family.countryTlie systemtounder which the Governimentand protect our frontiers,AuABT, Thursday, Feb. S.the ^arge to the Grand Jury, Judge KiirsT, who ing and writing, entertain for the Municipal parties a certain sort of satbfaction. Even and absorbs half the national revenue. At may elicit the truth, the whole truth, and nothing but closbg session here this afternoon, with a fall attend-die atroraty of Bbown'8 attempt, and the ne-every point exceptattractRosiHSoa aad others. Ravoiotiaa and insurrectionary doctrines were advoeatsd. A resolution was adopted strongly ceasurbg Gov. Maa- oiB and tbe Legblabne for InrlUBg the ims sleilliig Governors and Leghdaturss of two dave State* t» visit New-York ss the guesb of the State. Thaisrt- tation was denounced as an Issnlt to tke peopi* «f this State, and as atrocious serviuty to th* atmn power while Northern eitisens are daily pnslshsJ laDpOBetaaitj of vindicating the safety and the dignity ofthe Bute, while he earnestly advised the Jury to were its uses under the Boman Empire, and in it something wherewith to sweeten the the Army and the Indian agencies, and over- SriFSZirs were sent up.familiar with its history. They know what in thea flavor of bitterness profess to seeof nesses b the case ot the Commonwealth t». Aaxoh D. PiLLSscBT, Powxu,cupcoimteractwhelm the savages, civilization makes no ad- vance. The country, in fact, rather recedes orregulatesacrifices yearly thousands of valuable lives,pretendsTheConvention held iumission,brutal andin human slaughter, pecuniary ruin, and Stifbxss, was postponed until to-morrow, b order toor exiled from the South.canproduce.cavalryfromShepherdstown. SisaiOBB ba CoartsoC the Presidents come No fear is entertained of an attempt at rescue. Mr. brought bill, anthoiisbgsavage practices, resulting<t.rupt,human misery generally, are any evidences of barbarbm, we need not go to Asia or Africa to find mankind in that particubr condition.Theworkof the impannellnginthecaseofto the great Frontier question.of the Interior reporU the frontiers as peace-till it suddenly sprang up like another John or:When the offermtwmrmttBbeenference with an interest which touches ns all far more nearly than the whole amount of allcomeif it shall be discovered that the movement stroyed t>yinto a piece of political machinery, the peoplewho have suffered themselves to be drawn day at tbe Shippers' Press.willonce into the possession of a wide-spread, last-into it may ingandmostundesirablenotoriety.dropBY fELEGRAPE THE HiRFEB'S FERRY INSURGENTS.api^iointed DnmiBT, of Addison,cordingtragedy, but who are not yet known to the public. ItctdentallyeanghttheyMr. StivisB wasinHr. SxRHOTTone or all of the or whether relied sideratlon of tbe Canal bills. reporte try coimts, theythe instituUon of Slavery and the rights of the South influences, and the prisoner ahottld have as fair a trial in any shape or form whatever. These eitablish- as anv Southern man eould have. He could only lookamend the act for the IncarporatioBreliatoas a*-conUlbuUd Incon- drive Slaveholders trom the common Territories,must fully indorse the Dred Scott decision, the en-If onr tomerchanb have aense them from falling into the fire,a number of authori- ties to show the legaUty of the course taken, aad de-that it was a ssrions ground tajuryterests, but the motba was lost.to commereial ta-at least for a tury not the nineteenth century, but the six-" allwbeyre to render the case fres from em- necessaryon the WU ftogn-sSraaatoo reported of._«^ «~>dtfb toin the City of New-Ta*. ayrtt As Milofcan beman who finds hb BO rejobder In be ease. It was Insisted that tUs Ismanner whatever tothe nineteenth cen-were punisha-preventstockholders by proxy wasandtheMr. Hsannta movedrejectappeaLon .tvhe ol,jd m -as thethe Indictments brought in yesterday.Mr. Hsims replied, qnetingbroughtone or all for conviction. He also read a letter from President Bcchaxaw in reply to inquiries in re-ETXBIHO eiSSIOB.Tbe Railroad ToU bill was taken np aadgardthoughtthe Commonwealth hadso ss to except dressed hogs from tolls, togetherwithbetweea Congress, should be quashed. He appealed to the merey of the Whole, but no progress was made.to bring everything right. The country at the case toandwhose duty it is to arrest the mischief, doestriotbm to make the first move in the matter.The Indexworthy The Atlanta Confedtracy, a litUe Georgian after the Sbto decided to them he was and also for the constructionbut try opposedand other streets in New-York,Sbbbor abtsd that be wouldb aald imprevlacThe of Oa biHetoieat readingten min- occupsiteodo^d nP ih anof real estatea nout.<motion of Mr. SxtrsoTT to select one bdlctment, and argued that alt thecounts were of the same degree,Boards were teseated* pofthemore pervlsorscoassel occupied to Wore their paymeathad not made Mr. CoKKOLLi gave-^— -^._!*-.:Hon. W. T.HnrazLL,ofCbariastaa, aatwere ordend to a third r*adbc street, Brooklyn,:tbeish nnn*oa**ai7>Qreaas, aadthsraejSrttba Ba -vh^ anybe ttxat^ttmrn.*delegatesto- IThomas M. Tryniski 309 South 4th Street Fulton New York 13069www.fultonhistory.com 