 tr -.a««.,. . .single9•tie mt tke Credit BlaMller—CaaataniKtlaBprice pearedap-in turn, is lilled liv Mr. Boyd KirLK.NER, son of the Minister.other.The wholeMr. DavisonPARISIAN G08SIF.all at onceTheyblame K. »« HmjuMiii* foIrTtowB<^ua. HsTuig disposed. ofdUipietaass,sllktir «i4J>r another Uac n^fehtarlsel^the|Bl,)«erer, (be Unloa 1IstobetfsStni tfSttto eoataaiaat-tk«Bdla-Aitruee! T«baee»-Tke Mew Autriaa—naeellaaeeaa aiuters.T»MB 0«x Ow» •,cryHungariansdeclare themselves incapabfa of everlarge circle of wander-CaSiSTtopathishSBdfcmndly app>ed theTtocsseefAmmmgtke Price of Cautltatienremslaaiat associated wtthaiBbllllgeMssss ofwUtes, swliaffince the day when ttoTiaaaiT>» ». !«.west wlU be stimulated Into great aetivlty, and in a W,V,«B,9(,41,ai.»,Si.SnrasKS CoB»f—Osraaat Tsaa.—meralad Calsodar wilt be oootinuea.OertMpMidaiit. Fuo. iway, Nov. 2, 18«0,should ask them toin re- the little Dukes to their Italian thrones. themselves incapable of supporting so French camp before Moscow that the Kremlin was much gratitude, they have protested. Thus theAbsolutist Government of PaNKCis J08Xfh writes thehistoryofcurrentevents. Ithasshownitself an adept in the school in which the young King of Naples lately proved hunself so skilled.not triad his or her hand at a fortune in that inati- tntioa, there is certahUr not one who does notto the revision of the treaty of Paris, of 1856. To every proposition made to the Govenunent of Rus-transferringtocanvas the mtelUgent beauty of thethe Uaion is to be dissolved if this Institution be not extended.th#t the monster concern was burning down.At the fii» there waa a curious exhibition of hu-some people, we print the following fact. A cer-tain Democratic candidate waa elected to repre- the dwellingspiece of mythological marbIe,"Whl6h Was always pouring her treasures out, was considered typicalof the stockholders, for, like her, they were con- stantly popring and never gathering up. They called her la deette dea vcrsttMru. To the de- light of M. PxxxiRi'and the grief of the kabitiies,fiebe is still standing, goblet in hand, pouring more than ever.now in this city, who has an absorbing admiration for Fira Departments in general, excusable, she main- tains, in view of the superb institution ot her native city, saw passing her balcony during the fire into, onlymulatto, excluding Nev-Jersey." Whether the aboveBrown In of this consultation consequenceThe charming young San Franciscoladyand as in what- impartially to command confidence,ever running commentary appeared necessary for an explanation of the tabular statements.;nersaasions of Brown bad to Haloney.had a ill of sneezingexclusively to the Govermnent, because it is an ar- ticle of luxury alone, and ranks in no way amonj the necessities of the people. Govemmeut, there- fore, fixes upon the article iu own price, and man- ages, while not taxing the consumers too stronglythereappearsapprehensionsIltical times.Estimated number of slave mulattoes not re- turnedof 500 each, and directed to J. W. DoDD, Auditor of the State, Indianapolis, Ind.,never reimbursed Ediott, widen, by the way, Browa had agreed now to do. The counsel said he would propound this case as a serious one. The crime otcommitted that crime had no hesitation to oommit other. Hetrustedthejurywouldgivehisdlsntthat recompense he deserved.!Iupinpackagesannuallycreased tax will increase this revenue about30,000,000. Itwasin1560,justthreecuntu- rieg ago, that the American weed was introduced into France. At first it was only taxed, then it be- came a Government monopolv. and finally, during the revolution of 'b'J, became free again, notwith- standing the obstinate opposition of Mibabeau.lo.v. Wells & Co., now ners and principal directors. 111 the linn is L'HEP.DErTE,with mulattoesyears 40,000 Octoroons incorporated with whites up to 1^60.100,000of the;But the first Emperor did not smoke;;idmit-Taylor's witness could not re-he had not, in fact, tho time. Once, however, we are in-box was sentl.N5y, to the Auditor of State. Indiana.lequestingat 4 o'clock in the afternoonmemoer the contents of the letter in fullhad sent the first letter back before the in' endow with wimess, and while were in conversationformed, lie tried it.II'number of the mixed. In tlie District ofC'o!umt)ia.1 also wrote by mail the same day to the Auditor, saying that I had sent the hills by tlie hand, or at the order of A. W. Si'Oomeb, President, and J. MoLamx,ParishadmadehimapresentofamagnificentOriental pipe. By diplomatic deference, perhapsalso by curiosity, he thought he would do hisliandsomc present honor. The furnace was lighted, and the hero of Austerlitz commenced to aspire withallhisforcethefumesofthepoisonousnico- tine. He soon grew deadly sic^, and in his rage kicked the abominable instrument across the roora.""That's an invention," he exclaimed, worthy ofmay create disfricts for the Judges, assign them to their respective districts, and provide for lioldlng comis in the counties wittdn siidall the cities and towns North orabout one-half appear to be mulattoes. Of the above number only about 75,000 arc in the Free States, andHowa country of ardor and activity, can conceive a,Iwastalking withamanla ;Taylor's when Mrs. Brown came in, and witness toldthe sleepy and lazy Orienttaste for such a horrible machine of enervation andgood peopleof Paris the/.-^rocion.iiaimorninghadin all, were and passed her off as his wife. Darison, however.ranbe excluded from the Oreat West, from the mall station on Bear River, and a herdsman the natural migrations now In progress to the South-min depravity—as exemplified m the race of stocltbrokers. You know that the Paris engines are says to Russia inb^that wiiile the "bulls" doffed their coata aixl felladiertismgthat his house is not biting Spring. On"into line with a will, the bears" refused toat the prospect of a thundering fall Ifall into line! Bather die first Xam a seller. Let the Credit Mobilier perish rather than see its •tockriaa^" WehavehearditsaidthatH.MiBis and H. DX Bothschild were among the specta- tors, on the side of the rejoicing, but tliis is evi- dently a UbeLIn the peristyle of the Credit Mobilier there ataoda a atatue of Hebe, the goddess who in herit is insupportable.ty to pass the tune in revising the treaty of Paris."amalgamallon shall be excluded from the Terrltorias.In conclusion I would vrtio Is the author of Inquirewas the defendant, who was tlie brought againstaasiat, and actually rubbed their hands in gleegn- prietor of a large wholesale bakery and a WsBi% man. His client was a respectable man, aad he tet"balls" cried "BucketspathLatter-dayKingdom. TheybucketsLyons for a backet!" the"bearar shouted, "MeHars^ . 1867, his client mulled a tieautiful .bat alaa,!!goodS. J. FLINT. poor girl named Adelaide Talpe, daoghter atthroughthepictures.^Hiss GoTi ia painting for one of our mer- was missing, supposed to have been killed., if Slaveryon fire, no aachthat which aelxed on theother night whrai they were told that the CreditMitiUut waa on fire. For yon must know that ifthere be a man, woman or child in Paris who has matic people is the pertinacity of Russia in holdmg—chant princes a " make-up," whichan hiter-The Kob-^m'. .fright haa been experienced astypifiesOisoa Pratt, iu>w on a mission to the States, of coarse, resigned his seat in the Legislature, and oaStevery will be renored to tkeSouth end Texas, ulttmately to extend into what is^but let us commence by revising the treaty of Paris." When France lately proposed a Congress on Ital- ian affairs, Russia replied, "Very well, but we must who could remain unmoved at the intelligence commence by revising the treaty of Paris'." When FsANCia Joseph lately proposed at Warsaw a com- bination against France and Piedmont, Russia re- " revise the of Pa-plied,mere two-penny squirts, and that the antiquated system of falling into Hnes for the passing ofbuckets i» still in vogue. Well, will it»«>2105, 2109, 2212, 3280, 2*93, SU, 23«», 2370. M4,Iiai. ORiai. COM.so that, either from an agreeable or diaagtaaable aouvenir, or from a daazliag anticipa- tioa, there was not one individual in all the cityexpect to;While theVeryThis treaty, which buids Russia hand and foot in the region of the Black Sea, is her incubus. LetBiFTUR, presented her husband with threeof undiminished affection, each of which was aboy, and the united weight of whom was twenty- ered it Impossible for them to think half so meanly of four pounds. The good lady's name is defiantly blm as he did of them.tantahzing, but we doubt if any American womanwill attempt an acceptance of the challenge.was charged with the fttn^tion ot filling with forces. He arrived three days ago at Angers, day where his family resides for the Summer, but was nectar the goblets of the gods. This interesting to come to town to-day. It is not yet officiallyto theformed that 1 did not make, and never would, underthe Place Yendome a nondescript "machine," fender of the Pope against France, such a roleposhed and' drawn by four men rigged out in aneat nnilbrm, and which put all her knowledge of did not in any way belong to two Frenchmen, how-after her, curious to see the operations of such a — whichformerlygo<' machine." Arrived on thefull of the bear aroundunanimity. Shirt the Firstthey rallysingular;the law.recollection of the wild,ing scenes at an Americap fire, what waa heras- tonishment at seeing a performance quite funerealA large circle of solemnmen withoutany qiecial effort, or without speak- ing a word, maintained at an extraordinary dis- tancethecrowd. Silentlineso{menpassedbuck-misrepresentationsalluded to, but hasin all its aspects !Ws are anxiously awaiting the visit of a regi- ment of English volunteers, who are coming to Paris to show off their fine proportions and their bizarre uniform to the astonished French. There are two chances to one that the aflalr will termi-Mormons In States thprymeet with aone of whose early editors was a Texan Ranger, for a time htmg out Sam's colors.Perhaps the next choice would be BtscxiKaiDox. He appears nearly equal, in Mormon estimation, to the noble Texan.ingcaptains throughder and decomm was altogether French and mili- tary. Withinthelineholdbythepolicetherewas a tumulus of broken plaster, four feet diameter at the base, which had been carried from the burn-ing building, and this precious deposit was sur-;applicationFree States are more addicted toing com and cliildren and serving the Lord." How- the Slave States. Lefus examine this charge.facts ;I have dfrecUy accused him of intentionalsentation, I cannot permit myself, even in self-de- and as soon as he saw Miss Saijeaat he detenrfasd la fence, to imitate a pernicious and arro- make her the victim of his arts. Mr. DarlsoB aahae-groundyelling, screaming, push-and If half the coloBed were mixed we would have 98,000 mulattoes. By separating the colors for the two sections In the table on black and mulatto population given in this census, I foimd only 56,000 mulattoes Intemplated bymany of therecorded a general verdict, which neither pedantrysaloon, he would be able to get her a situatlaa. Rethere was no excitement^ no yelling of firethe possession of the Duke de Terra Nova, of Paris, and an English-bred anunal, belonging to theTHBINDLUiABANKFRAUD.The Frand aa the Baaa Caanty Baakt Indi- ana—StatementofthelEaKraver.rifled ; ttie or- speaking trumpetsThe bet was one thousand dol- lars, the distance about three miles. The DukeBlaism..rounded and carefully guarded by four poUeemen.It was afterwards found to contain two NajMlaaaa. TSwu-T^iA, actBfand some shaking of heads.then he might make suiaiasuapUsni In ker ease. Be>one of which was tarnished and seriously damaged,while the other remained bright. San Francisco, retaiy voted a French fire a humbug and retired in dis-gust.of theMae,he once talkedoattlieriage among the colored emigrants, we would have only one mulatto to 468 whites, descendants of North-:playedhe took her to a respectable boarding-bouse. At thisof France tary, Tobacco in France belongsplace,a fortheTreasuryoftheState. Thein-whitesmixing with blacks inMcChristyfor their daily luxury, toreapprofitof 180,000,000! I'll see to it."gometime afterwards, in 1810. NiPOLEONde-tory of Vtakme by their Honors Judges Kinkxt and Crosby, ofI<gives;indolence:A formal communication has been addressed toconversation with the person Davison by sights Davison spoke!is it that I'ranoe,nor in the following proclamationExxcuTiva OpFici, Grbat Salt Likb Citt, >longing to the North, it gives 450 whites to one mulat- to. In the South the estimated number is 8,000,000The act was thus that of a financier,^r conversation with the ,*rson, m half an hoor-tUstressnry.and not of aof 1810, the Government of France has held this monopoly in its own hands, and since that epochthe revenue gained to the State has been 2,500,-What a sum of money burned to!The l>ox of billsthis was:broken open aud 5,(K)0philanthropist.iVomheart-rending. She tells of privations, of boatings tlie Judges, assign them to their respective Districts, really and simple —000,000 francsashes or evaporated m sniuWeand thetim who has, withm one year, been a maiden free,go; tlieeaswaslit!of aonce for the procurement divorce,vic-Theare amusmg themselves over what they call the new Austrian Constitution. Just as a sailor in a storm promises sanctified candles to all the saintsplate, Rcvieu of July twins tied around each plate.diplomatistsof our section uf the continentlished as the;when lie left the saloon there about 4 n'clockof bindeal out a littlestorm groans and the —i1;aciiuaintance, libertylightning air. While the telegraph—held in the bureau of the Austriantells us that the lanterns ofjoyinterview with DavisonTaylor's.The Court annoimeed a recess of ten minutes, afterpeopleto be considerablenumber, 13,000 impressions;The Persian Ambassadpr atL. O." ThisbyAdams'Express,Dec.31,creed the reestablshment of the Govenunent mo-nopoly -, he did not, however, by this measure, pre- but at last it becamei;if indeed engraversment as I had done.HOW THS XRAUD WAS XmcCTKD.The fraud appears clearly to have been effected inhe wished to avail himself of this taste for the benefit of theintolerable,sever saw Mrs. Davls'onmore than three ortend to control the taste of the nation;of andany Courts for Territorial business can be held untilhe wasfour times at Mrs. there. and Mrs. Davison in ?onrcrfationEver since the decreeher dwu lips, is mostttte Legislature sliall meet and the times and appointway or tbereatiout, abstracted. Impressions,so the absolutist Governmentsto theirpeople"'« around each and sealed the ends, so tlitante.police-maysupposeof " nearly one-half" as stated by Mr. Dx Be. my duty to correct the errors arising from a mind soets to the firemen in the house the " machine" nate in a bi^ laugh on the part of the Parisians.whites to one mulatto. In the South there were in ried the palm ii» this region. In the Mormon War round numbers 8,223,000 whites and 3,442,000 colored,;had disappeared no doubt into one of the upper rooms, so as to approximate its feeble strength t» the seat of the fire, which was not an extraordina-feet in view of its dimensions, put a thin col- umn of smoke ttscended from the bumin;; build-The American sporting men in Paris are just now much occupied with some trotting matches at the Bois tie Bologne, between American andof which were mulattoes to ths re- 350,000 accordingthe Census the mulattos have been Eighthwrote to her husband to send ondid, and she determined to go tnck, which she did. Brown provided her with a home, but they had scaroe-The fire is attributed to various cau.ses, but> the" Bears" say that the Credit MobUier had pushedits stock with such heat lately at the Bourse thatit &iished Ijy a spontaneous combustion. Others moved from the Rue de la I'epini^re to No. 3 Rue surmised that it had pushed'too far its "gas." At de Marignan, a new street on the Champs Elysees,commencing on the site of the old Jarriin d'Hiver, any rate, if the Mohiticr was somewhat damaged and so called after the battle of Jfarignan, foughtMr. Calhoun, of South Caroli-home on Mr. Clabkf., of Maine, second Secre-considered assound on thethe Credit stUl stands.Consternation reigns in the camp of the smokers,scarcely do any worse than did the -'Old Publip Func- tionar>'.with the black, on an average, in the Slave States one white in ten of the whole population has mixed with the black.IIijannually:,i;—had they reached the European shore when thehusband developed a most singular and unprom- ised degree of inoroseness, anri at times of severity.:Utah Territory, 20th October, 1N60. To the itemb^s Elect of the Legislature for the1 Buppo^ that my send^^ tlie bills in the way I didaUowingU upeD Robate Conrti of Siis eooaty, and pcsreat Its sUing Um (Deisoa) out for damages done to tbs piahk of tits DesKet Cor-i mereate* t«rw(netwaaM(.«m«Mtnrfimicc^san*«. Permitris."Nation'sHecannottakehisseatuntil"hadanother openWinter,"whenwecouldploughdnctlonof wlfk. Mr.Browa. plaintifrsIhis Und heart to lead him toaftir.«'«*eeaor lesmodoftheUw aad^SiS^?''»«"?atteattoijtothos»sleoneofthem^^K!J„'«~Jl[triaLAnother source of amusement among the diplo-1678, 1954, lOM. 1713. 1006. lOOS, 1780, 570, Itts.sia, there is hut one reply:.But we must first treatyWe may suppose that whan a diplomatistsent a of portion,cllovits,their oacn States."and to laannounced in the Journal of Rome which of theforegoinggade Frenchman's servicesnotwithstanding his inglorious failure, the Pope holds the General in high regard, and is disposed to repay him amply for his devotion to his person. Since the scourging letter of the Duke de Gra- KONT to Cardinal Aictonelli, the Prince de Lamoriciekk and M. de Meboos have sunk to- gether in the estimation of most Frenchmen to aunto be the facts what for it you refer, they might:has at all times been foreign to my dlspositlan, as wellas incompatible with my sense of holding a propriety,position wherefrom all sectionai views should tie dis- carded and all obnoxious discriminations excluded,my duty to present the truths of the Census so fairlyweat ia he tIsereeslsbUAsdposition verymuch below that of contempt. FortheyTrue, tallying advocating Slaveryparties. one hears someInreply to your inquiry with regard to the correo-business, and as it is Maloney,said,wouldnot letMarquisde Talon."Popular Sovereignty (which is another name fortitles are to be the reward of the rene-Iowa where he had two brothers ;a saloon where he was doing a good bnaiiuBs. unfortunately, Mr. Brown had a broUier-ln-Iaw Maloney, who was to the and 1while duplicity *nd extreme measures would nat-urally fall within Antonelli's role as the de-inpeople," deprecatingdetriment of but the Census freedom,Marshals,andBrown come to see her. Subsequently, Maloaey in-to her maid ever devoted to his Holiness or however inimicalmechanics at fault. Onshe learned to her utter disgust that it was a fireengine, and away sue flew, dragging her fat maid The Legitimists and ultra Catholics have at lastand while It is well known to Mr. Da Bow that misrepre-she became acquainted with Miss On Saijeantto the Bonaparte dynasty.found a name for Gakibaldi—their great bug-taste for political matters, spending their lives in rais- "than In the North, by the Census of 1890, there were inled out something like a quarter of a mile !The American mare then accepted another race with a Norman mare, belonging to a Frenchman namedAn article in theformer race Messone-half as fro* loS'SrSe'North having emigratedornot posted in those matters, a ladles'house of high grade. From thence be took her to the LafargeHouse,wherehe uncte. FnnnthisWe hare not heard the resultIf,however,are unqu_et_f^ionable facts,^according to^whatm whlefaTbonunon^ though;but it is certain that,The Judfe aad «he IiCKielatare—Uliacel. lanceiie Intelligence.of that Census, to convey the impression that there was more amalgamation In the North than in thebut from the known fanatical political opiidons of this self-styled cham-of the and from this ermneous statement South,weuponofthe North. It is lamentable that not only are all the Departments of Govenmient under Southern con- trol and made to subserve Slavery interests, to theopposed match,termined to break up the marriage. Mrs. Browa iaWe are.willing,CoHHos Plsas—Pkrt /^Nos. 2236. aMS, XH»,true mode of the Slavery question. I have 2135, 2329, Port //.—Nos. 2077, 4629, 1870, 111. IMLwithThe call him Chemise Rouge I.—Redever the wise ones may differ in political thought, iiv political action they are apt to nm considerably in unison.round numbers and colored UI,330,0OOIwhitC8 lM,eaoprecedent,Tims has not only exposed pist, stating that if she would mewt him at "raytofa!ait a talile with one head on his right cheek, and a whtw tiandkachief la tke other hand. The first letter was sent back, but a sae- ond was sent A Mr. McChristy, bting then ia tte the the Free States. This is but a little over one-quarter in his own charlatanry and vani^^ I do not consider it boarding-house, accompanied Mrs. Brown ts ths saloon, writb the intention of having the sender of the letters punished, if he insulted Mrs. Brown. Mn.and French trotters. The first trot was betweentheBumhammareol New-Tork,nowin policy,turns.Free States only one white In 234 on an average has mixed with the black, in the Slave States one white in18liasmixedwiththeblack. Itwill,therefore,be f een that even from the defective returns of the last census, the impression wldch Mr. Dx Bow's statement wascalculatedtomakewasfoimdedinmanifester- ror, and in the next report it is hoped that you will correct, not only this, bat numerous others that may be pointed out in that work.Very respectfully, your oliedient servant,JOHN G. KENNEDY. ly been together three weeks, when Davison seat herEnglishhere. TheAt the ^rs. Bbutcd and VjlH Zasdt, ofWaiaS^ (who owns several fast trot- ting American hofs^, as well as an American bug- gy, with which he drives in every day to the Tuil- and took great interest in thebotidiagwas contest.present,erics,)than two-thirds of the slave mulattoes were returnedfirstforgery facts do not warrantfraud,judges. U.ItooQuaut, Kuperor,Sonth,tlia Increase mar- being liigllliaals byThe American Legation in this city has been re-the AuditorTHK ENQBATEB'S STATEJfE.-tT.in Italy.and loud: the Government has augmented private business, and has been succeeded, pro tive wordthe tobacco venders are hurling anathemas both longAgainst Lincoln, personally, Jhere seems no detrac-relations with Mrs. Brown, with whom the of trial.'theof tobacco. Thein the Moniteur half thethe decreetenipdif, byIcensus ofI860,and doubtless this number would beappearedintroduced her in respectable societyla?tna, tirtt Secretary of Legation, has goneyearceived orders in from the same wridngThe,jr-pMfcy cliaaged. x-MszMM P-Y. OoTssB hasAaaooiatlon. TheChamben, deliberating upoB thetells DoTso> he shall have rallof, provided he appliesa hdedmArtedonaefinnerix-vltw•i.._.___> m^tkhaenslfeTbectaaacad.iv in beJBPRtazteMM^F8»e*HliihS?.iuSJI||L*»tw« th^t sf.departed day with a large amoont of-tng systemTht ertemmi <fB mricash and the esteem of athe debt they owe their paternal GoTsni- tag friends, who, in spitoi of all their endeavor* yndgeacquitting were laable to find ment. They are now ready to shed theh- blood, to\(me%ama(i*a—out his name. And it was not die even, as a feeble recognition of the services until a few weeks smee that it became known thatssu^we-M and that Mr.'^•^»;rendered them.if the Government— Captain der Oabibaldi, of whom he Isin thea devoted fnead,on Increasing more and| more rapidly each succeeding generation, and In a fisw eentnrlesstoring Findinga constant companion, and at the time above re- In the form. properthe white raceSouth will be On Jhe con- destroyed.Caart Oalaadar FeaUHmOSTATBS DtSTBIOT COVBT—Moa «c m^Theyun-would not find it too much his name is D» Bohah, areneyJudge has beendttiagIntime todgUl.helppurest of intention, " Wltat beautiful weather we arc having," Russia replies,to let.On the last upward trip of the Golden Age,on the Pacific, an emigrant woman, named Mart(lieplaialli( wasrepreasB<adbyHon.TmBaa8Bitkaadioka1K^ Letts, and the defendant's coonsel were iUuet 'it. Gerard and Henry L. CUntoa. The case wasopeaad there woold be no amalgamation. In a word Slavery by Mr. Smith, hi substance as follows- Hesaid,tlw^enext March ; andhastoon tilland would deceive no one. For if Slavery went into the Territories, amalga--"believed think of the revision of the treaty of Paris." Or,' riously thinks of; so beautifiil a sun provokes one to " Don't you find the weather abominable ? " " Yes,aad if Slavery was kept ontBowery. BaianAH was terdbly down on his enemtes. But then the Union is to be dissolved if Slavery and defendant was merchant inSuperblease from him his and are house and furniture. He se- tude,a followed by cold andmation would go with It ;and amalgamation are twins and always go together. plaintUI was fbrmeily a reddent of Bostoa, aat'tte" "A hundred ever, than of a revision of the treaty of Paris.""Or, AreyoufondofTallow?; less, how-the erroneous statement quoted at the head of thiscommunication, and be plrasad to inform me it thanumber of mulattoes, with their nativity, has been the or ill fortune to be a poor man. InIt would be a good opportuni-us wait a few years tillarc finished, and see if she don't break these liens,Captain Valpe. Mr*. Talpe died wtea tte aM was fourteen years of age. Plaintifrs broth-,in spiteof the treaty.at the time of theWhether discreet or not the contract was snde, utof allEurope,with or without a revision »—WeFremont has not beenhome, and that she has been obliged to remove toaresidencenearSanFrancisco,wheretheairis Jos.C.<i.Ke^mr-dy,B*q,tSuperintendentoftheCennufI liave read iritb much Interest your elaborate communication of yesterdayher great lines of railwayBIPLT or MR. EEMMEDT.Paris is supposed to inclose within its walls to- day the new Roman Prince or Baron de Lauoki- CIEBB, late General-in-Chief of the PontificalWasbihwoh, Friday, Nov. 2, 1880.In the Compendium of the Census for 1860, jiubUshedany withthebrothertiUthefaUof1897,Mn.Bmwawas a little fond of dress and wholly of theferred to, en agent for the sale of hisThe ladlans have recently bees ruiuiing off mules traryestmgchant's ownmcidentinthecenturysxtreoM^HnranCoen—CmeiR.—PartCongress.UnitedThis would beregretto learn that the health of Mrs.Analgamatlon North aad Saalh—lalerestlBg Correspoadeaee.S. J.FuitT, Esq.enteen of yearsagemaolace.tk* New-York Timet.GaxAi Salt Laxi Crrr, Friday, Oct. 26. 1860. The Mormon element of the Utah population, asa general thing, seem to hold themselves as much aloof from the various political creeds and parties asreligiouswith " thisand othersSouth, is difficult to determine;the meantime had to live with Mia. goneMahiaey, harCorretpondence ofpublic document deduction* or opiidons tending to the moral or social prejudice of anysectionofourcommoncoimtry. Ihavedeemeddo from the varioussects andbreak mpwhoseThe well-known banking, commission and trans- forebodings. For if the Democrats sent the arnu" Number given in the census of 1850house of Lansing, Baldwin & Co., at No. 8 Place de la Bourse, has lately changed hands, and has also removed into other rooms, but in the405,751194,249portationMr. I/Heebettk, who has been principal clerk and manager in the house ever since its establishment under the name of Livi.vos-jarae building.lESTIMONT.was the first witness.—within theten months,Courts fur Territorial business can be held until the Legislature shall meet and appoint the time andbeingwhich estinialc 1 think will beW. holdhig this interview with witoess, another letter came Mrs. Brown to be at salooa.Her story, as gatherednegro equality aud amalgamation,answer is timesbecomes one ol the1;'<6,000 impressionsthere named Isabella Saijeanta fiery and trying orileal, the parallel of wliich is rarelyfoundoffthestage. Theeldestdaughter,a !,wret girl of eighteen, educated liighly, trained re-any 'County Bank, Ind., 6,000 impressions, printedlias,ligiously,pastpassed throughmixed bloodstcd by every person wtio has traveled extensively inpart- The new designation;comhigthere in the holidays of 1857;Kase*Co. Malakopf.forsaid would Terntorymutatloes toshe vras gobig to Boston;went away lOthFebraary,met dedbylaw,inorderthatit with a middle-aged gentleman of pleas-theythe second letter came, containing the bill sgaiB.and most ac<:omplishedcreditably,and innearlySouth,requiringa wedded wife and a happy mother, yvill resume resolve the extra session Uito an amiual one, which Ithepression"s printed"her position at home with those best friends of Ufa —a lovuig father and a tender mother.appearsprove that freedom has aTliis was had the.se iustrriptlons unfortunate, for,,|janived soon after she ;and vested in me —Thomas J. Conant, D. D., who is the ithsosruiet}i-hii powerTerritorial Legislature for the Territory of Utah, to of which the ends are translation of the Scriptures. The books of Job o^'n\iM!o:^n?d,a*ly",l',ifhAe'£It2it'hl,d.a'iy'^olf' 'NSo.v^e'm'bte\r>,^^A}.^ D..l-,»'I'8.f^O„,H"ar;thifrcquent. That one who occupied a position under Government, and in this high official posiUon to make erroneous statements with themflashesthehas made considerable progress in his labor of the,:Pla^^ Agam '° ">« -f t^h'ef"A'rtisansthroughthe t» could naont baeccisdeent wtihtahtoutthecuptlUait.egs «charging the Jury not to listen to conversatlcm on tlie case.Mr.HeChrittg'scross-examinationresumed.—UwsoOflice and Matthew are completed. Proverbs is nearly 12 o'clock M.. of said day, for the purpose of attend- Foreign ing to their legislative duties, and euaeiing such lawsitas 1 first tentthem loareshould then use these errors as the foundatioa of an 5SdUo?,l!u?Vhe'''BaDk'deeIi„cd receivingthem, not:the and Mark will be taken in hand forsfispended thiongh press, as may be the best interests of said Territory.aboutwe wereandhere, did not the Republicans talk about ''twin relics/* I and pass the And-Polygamy bill.Judges KiKNST and Cbosbt have asked the Governorto convene an extra session of the Legislature, as willbe seen by the following ;Griat Salt Laxi Cut, U. T. Thursday, Oct. L".ToHisE:rretlencyAlfredCummmg,GovernorofUtahTerritorySiE; The undersigned Judges of the Supreme Court?»00,000to Kxoellency, that our predeces:»ors in office have here-Mexico, Havti, Can.ida,. 50.000ating exterior, motlest demeanor, and with apparent-ly well filled pockets. After a few weeks' acquaint- respectlully request your Excellency to convene an No-toem white and coforeddcfenc^produced in Court. This was objectedNewportCashier, and thatthan by express, but on consulting several friends, I witnesses the contents of letters,ance they became engaged, the old folks were pleased, the young lady was entranced—but onepointmostroundandi)erfecthappiness heprofessed'a most decided preference for the faith of the Epis- copalian?, while she was a Quaker of the strictestExtra Scsf'ion of the Territorial Legislature at the earliestpossibleday,thatsuchactionmaybetakenas the public interests demand. Very respectfully,J. F. KINNEY, Chiet Justice. HsNXT R. CaosBT, Associate Justice.I;jIwas induced to do not finally so,dreamingthatthat he was theof difl'erence existed which marred their_.,.,. advance of her, and gotsort. They were marriedthey traveleil.Hardlyhave South,proper. And, wlien,lapseFor some time itthecised, as they believe, a questionable power, in fixingwas borne in silentsubmission, havingSupremethe time and places tor holding Courts for the trialit never liad been establishedbefore,thatthe Court-room last weekandcaped from her abuser, the wife took passage in the -idrialic, and arrived at her lather's home on Monday, unexpected, unheralded and unhappy.and degradations that make the blood of the hear- er boil with indignation. Steps will be taken at—Brown took a ;aMrs.;respectfully representyourIlinigrant i-e., *cshe was he Csll ia lo¥atofore, we Icam, upon their own motion, fixed itie , time and places for huiding Courts for tne trial of Te-The plates were sealed up and placed in a box bythe woman he ever saw best-looking;;aKPersonal.t>ne of DrooUyn's most settled faiiiiles tionable, and that it is a matter of great doubt, wbcther iburth tif ttie total colored as mulattoes orofone1,witness and asked his ad- up stairs,districts. Until such legislationishad, we as Judges are comparatively powerless. We would, therefore,I:byCourt of the Territory of Utah, in whicharmymatter,and to flnaUr gamation goprogress of public charity inthis City, and is not disconnected from the mer- the Sth November another Is to be elected U> his stead. now Mexico, out of the way of the great mass of the U2$, 1527. ISSl. 1935, 15i7. 154r. 1551. 1541, 145] las'The action of Mormons in Utah is, of course, of no effect In Presidential elections, but the action of thewell or ill founded, on Presidential questions.Of all the names put forth for the forthcoming occu- pancy of the W'tiite House, that of Sam Hodstox car-times the hero of San Jacinto was not particularlydown on the Mormons. Besides, his antipathy tocliques and parties, and his notions of the best Indian to. And thus by the tables of the census, while In thecan evade nor pretension ignorebe. Still, IUtah folks, many of them, have their predilections,responseUountameer,$50, with a request for her to come back to New- York,andhewouldprovideherwithagoodsitaa- tion. Mrs. Brown then endeavored to indnee ker has- bacd to consent to a limited separatioa, so tliat ia ttemeantime each would earn their own and living,cometogetheragain. Thisseparation,thougheoa-tmui .sides, counsel contended w^ ofBell,orGen.Scott,oranymanofaconservative ":turn, and net inclined to persecute the Satnts," ktouln do very well.''theyBrandreth House, irtieia"About the Little Giant" there are soae doubts,about "tbe loathsome nicer, and with some he is, consequent-we maketheestimateand take from the mulat-very ^IhlycnttiasThe statements which have thus far been madepeartoimplicatetheAuditor." Itwillappearbythefollowing statement that the affidavit alluded to was advanced her $15 to return home. Mr. Bn^wn met the effected in the and that the her in this condition, and after consuit^on Mrs.The Popular Sovereign-pttly, at a sad discount, wlille others think tliat perhaps ern white and colored parents. And if we assume, his "ifs" saved his bacon. Altogether, he seems to be what is equally an undoubted truth, that not moreap-on the of parttime Mrs. Brown becoming enciente, tiie defi*ndSBt abandoned her. Mr. EUiott, a respectable matt, theagoose.Taking all things into consideration, I expect a in this census, by their masters, through— Democratic President would be preferred. But then, pride and political and sectional considerationsa Democratic President sent an army to fight the and add the one-half of those in the North as prop- " hosts of Israel," and of course that weighs some- erly belonging to the South—we would then have thing heavy in the scale, and may induce the thought in ItiSO, ore mulatto to ten whites in the South. Or in that if a Uepublican Presitlent did no better, he could tlie Free Slates, while one white in 468 has mixedhardlyany ImplicationBrown did not think it proper to stay with IdiB, aad she returned to this City, the articles of sepaiatioa beingtornup. Ultimately,withMr.Elliott'saaatst- ance, a house was taken at Fort Lee, where Mis:but of Lincols's image, as seen through aRepublican Governor, Secretary, Judges, Attorney,Marshal, Mihtary Commander, and other officers, returned but for the overpowering necessity of the po-;|tie lived down to time The Uncle was laid aside, and " Mr. and Mrs. Marshall" then on the scene.'II engravedabove,Territorial eases in their respective districtstliey also allege that it is a matter of doubt whether rofer for the Slave States, on an average. When U isplaces for holding such Courts, create Districts forthe seventy-fivsMy affidavit was either forged or altered so as to«l; Xut S o'clock:wimess left then, and she gotand provide for noidtng courts in the counties witiiiu said Districts.more tlian the North.The most unjust consideration In connection withthe erroneous statements quoted from the ,coini>en-TheauditorInformsmethat myletterdidnotstatethe number and that the Inscription on the printed, *'plates now in his possession wiiich reads, 7,000 im- i,iih himtheLegislature can be rightfully day than tliat fixeil by law,con- and it totion s^e sat down.\ndvened at an earlier niay,whenconvened,repealthelawnfeet on the second Monday (10th) of December, andwitness asked her if she wouldshe spoke in an CH^linary tone of Toieewhereas,hoosB ; tt afteraitXHi, tBomiag taddo hereby recommendernor of the Territorv- of Utah, by vhtue of the au- which it is endeavored to;from the borders of all the windows in the empire, at once. The enterprise exhibited by this Society Given under my hand and the seal of .said Terri- argument derogatorv and the of riving in( a eertilieale of deposit.to, disgracing people from die Auditor, that heaother people, without the fear of the police of is worthy ot great credit. In addition to the vast tory, at my office, at Great Salt Lake City, Oct. M, tlie greater portion of thatFkahoiS Joseph before their eyes, tell us exactlyamount of work performed by it here, tliere is an--1By the (Jovemor.I'SAKCIS H. WOOTTOX,Secretary.Ids servicesthe contrary. The telegraph says that the Hon- equally interesting and valuable labor progressing 'neath the and should beevery honest and honorable man,aliae enough to make it pay, even should they escaperangements were made for the wedding. Theyare mad with joy at their new-found liber- in Oermany. The Union has in its employ several the Poles of Cracow are in ecstacies, the of the best Oriental scliolars in Germany, who are'tne punishment say...,.„,gartenstiesTenetians even are converted to their chainsThis deference of the present Judges to the UtahWithoutvtne. which refutes itself on every page, still I shouldmethe I'rcsident and Cashier of any Bank again.continually editing ami publishing old and curiona,mj yaAMCia Joszph. If the inhabitants of M88. which have been Ijing idle in the libraries to the late Judiciary in Utah. The editor of the Dea- historical fact and seif-ev i<lent proposition, viiIt was the id^t alter she wasto be forced out of the streets the cavalry, it was wily because it was fearedabroad, and which have not been used by any ofthe—old country's publishing houses.military-appearingeret NnctMore Illegal Courts."Harbor-BIastera. AlbanyEveningJournal, like otherwasher husband.JUr. O. H. Brotm was the nextFesth were obligedraces, howeverCallfonUa papers tell us that Judge CaADLSSAooH ^:oclaled in domestic relation and llring together in are appoHhiatrebdorb-yMtahsetejorisn,t actionmaofntyhe Governooffricearnsd, wthaes a nathirveeomfonthsby they frightenTheVermont hadbeen ;«> New-l ork •«would make a demonstration so noisy as tothe modesty of the Government. The person hired a room inrmerly resided m Massscho fopeoplepaternal Government of FkanOis Joszph is tra- of old masters and other pictures. His name wasat Carson. But the Utah Legislature can help theandmisdemeanor; so that there is in e, rlificute.) general no provlsioB marriase.ditional and invuhierable, cry out against the new not disclosed, save in confidence to hisJudges and theduring Mr. Buchanan's;In January last a fine;and does not feel disposedol Vienna, whose hnmense love for the advertised for sale a iarge and line collection xiN. Thli may originateJudgea small judicial difBcultyfamily, becombigofbut The he became a decided favorite with the artists whotime, by one of the appointingApplelon Buildhig,or And therefore that the longer shorter time.the concurrence of March 30. I^5^ (He producedreally""h^e^ JtlJie^a MissIMO.I. S. >A. CU.MMING.country is hopcfW.'thatAr-;—;——ofreprobated by an entire community.this was twothe do Legislature pleases Mormons highly, and theyWwaywhile she was at Mrs. Webb's.themeetingat Taylor'sthatthetoldwitness metai a married woman, and that the person siie had_.j k« witness. Hesaidsonotanythinglike to calltlicfollowingfail to draw comparisonsMr. Dx Bow's attention tobut favorableheads ills comments on the atiove, " No no two or more.agent,nation will not be able to support so mnch liberty hived hi that fciilJiBg, and with others of the np- such appointee could go to Carton when he was ready, the ,rrepnssib:e j.-ijato/t." of moa aad women. Huw- passage of a law to remedy the evilmeasure of the Govenmient as too liberal !Judgeshere topresideLegislstoreto mesasnadger,ecommcndeJ the no n-oper?, it the time of m:.rri»dre was enj««»;rerypionin an officialthat it was intended as a direct fraud the: One letter, however, reachM Brown Mr.report,would be justified in sayingMaloasr wrote letters to Brown stating that he (Brown) ooaidplaceWith S6,0OU mulattoes in the North we have 234distorted by prejudice and so prone to misrepresenta-and is thus an 60 per cent, lie the North. againstBrown went to the saloon with McChristy—McChiis^ the truth In its simple integrity, or to satisfy the com- remaining on the outside, and saw Davisoa munity on a point whereon tliere is but little if uay I in conversation vrith Mrs. Brown. In that difference of opinion. conversation Mr. Davison said he would' tir In answer to your further inquiry, 1 would inform and get her a situatioiu On her return Mrs. BrowmThis will give nearly 18 whites to one mulat-youbyThe following is perhaps a fair estimate for theTotal in 1850Increase of 600,000 at 35 per cent, for 10 years. .210,000 Kfulattoes from wtutes mixing with mulattoesinscription, in this same box was placed my affida-anyin 10 years Mulattoes frommixing in10 <60,000 140,000He testiSed in FaU of 1857 he boarded with Mrs.yearsMulattoes from blacksi 1he knew of a ladyTotal in 1880that we Or one million ttiree hundred ttiousand mulattOes inf themselves.withher Mrs.B.receivedalettervrith :billiaritorial cases in their respective districtsbelieve the power so exercised is at least very ques- the I'lutcd States in I860. This will make about 6ne-it isuch Courts. WedeemthepublicinterestsdemandthattheLe-should be convened prior to the time gislature provi-pla"ces lor holding;:all parts of the I'nion, and has tal;en notice of the;Mrs. B.not more than 40,000 of theseilescended fromoras they are descendants from Southern white andqp only feared that the Auditor might censure me for sending, in this way, if it proved tmusual or objectionable to him. But, Inasmuch as I beard nothing from my let-number of whitesatthislime in theNorth is 18,000,-stage inin readiness to arrest the personjITerri- whites, and they1,310,000 mulattoes as prop-ifafter that he (witness) went outside, waitedto the mulatto. Andthusinabout six whites togoing into operation—that stocksome cold and went in time, gotiterly belongoneone white in 450 has mixed with the blackSlave States, one white in six has mixed with theof each section to voters, we will have one mulatto to75 voters in the Free States, and one mulatto to i again asked, wliich section has the greater amount ofdium olthc census, isfact, that Mr. Ds Bow pub- article in hisononeprinted on the other plate, was obscured by the dampstorm thatthis was the 12th of Febrtiarytomakeroomfor Flbm- thesame without completelymixedpastSenate, and cannot be removed or suspended without settH was married to Miss Valpe, daughter CaU^»Government out of any such difficulty, form one race of darkquadroons, session. other, Henery H. Brownof ram, as certaUi as the growth This was, doubtless, an oversight, and Gov. wXr,fTMftisb his circumstances heVahn^*:impressions actuallyfor-6 O'clockthey;leadinglast an article on amalgamation, whichgottheFreeStates, while onlygot them, and called for an oyster stewthe Vouth hasconlorm to the number of warded.were in toeJ^e^ut b«>kpjnaf the upper saloon, and apparently In deep eaiTn» e.imetohimaboutivemhuiteaaasrtaahai:; impressions was a violentto beTherefore, know ye, that I .^iprbb CmfMnio, Gov- mainly ba^ed on this erroneous statement, and In been noticed, the forgery of my affidavit would have;sheabout coming overas such,mdeombherseboyf tendency to rapidly amalgamate the blacks, whereas statements as to the number ptrhiented.when the standing translator for the American Bible Union, the Council and House of Representatives of the in slave countries this henlous sin is comparatively foreman .sealed them up and wound a I'lece of twine at:are parents,belonging properlyto theSouth,the defendant Davison, writer 01 such letters1,310,000 being in,colored parents and their increase. The estimatedmanyindividualscouldcombineinanyfraud, iprovebyTestimonv resumed.—Vleni to Taylor's with Mrs.amalgamationone occasion the defendant acconqwaied tasi; gantly pervert a public doenment £rom the uses con- quentiy wrote to her in the character of a pUlaathra-theremainingsiances connected with He could the assignadon.1.300.000was marked "peoplesadBrown, contrary to her own feelings, wrote a letter toSlavery and the cfimreAraoaloWiLFosD also an to 745, S87, 333. 1107. 801. U55, I9«l. 1SS3. Pari IiTL history. A charity of exceeding WooBEDPr, apostle, Is qmken of as whites of our Union. Therefore, the only way NBs. ^boybeauty is reciting his lesson to his teacher—a young the candidate. preserve our race in comparatlre purity, is to exclude 19M, lOM, MM, 1970, 1973, 1976, I9TS, 19M, llS girl of eight—and' the artist has succeeded in iffe are to have another High-scnool In this city. Slavery from the Western Territories. Nevertheless, 1984, 1873. — —boy and the sweet of patiencefor all time the record of astarting-point of one of New-York's most enter- Verily, the world does move.prising and successful houses.settlingoften thought that the celebrated "stump speech!'ought to have read as follows" It betaig the true intent and meaning of this act notAnother installment of snow on the mountains re- minds OS that the seasons are moving too, and bids us As an illustration of the eager watchfulness of prepare for another Ave months, oi' more, deprivation—Desirable honsea are scarce inBrooklyn.:Kail G. Massis, " Professor of Natural Sciences,ScTXBioa CoexT Part I. Nos. 703, 937, S3SK. TUL 1045, 385, 7, 1005, ;0«7, 1071, 1073, 67, 55. Part //.— Adjourned for the term..'from the aanoonces Budtg Institute, Dresden,"Us inteltllon of teaching " all the branches of a seimdThis request of the Judges brought out the Gover- 000, and if they have 40,000 mulattoes as properly tie- ter sent by mail, nor from the t>oi ofplates sent by ex- Brown said if it was a person she did not know sheMr. to him here m would not swear posmvo- es- they represent that their predecessors in office exer- black. If we now reduce the total white population may transact business with the Indiana Bank Depart- ly that he was the man that was in 1 aylor s, but thinklummy proclamation, requiring the 1 wrote the inscriptions on plates ",>*''• J","' {"J them this was before herwas carrying the weight auditor at all—and influence of official documents that this person RTjik in ilus Citv to depositin the»asthought that the precedent established,toitplaceall Mrs. Brawn's letten to her husbaadpresent be exteniled into all the Territories, with smal-^wS«Ml^^„t" g?Sl^.'gi;L^^r RMPoitTm.the girl, preservingfact, wliich was the and practical education," Including gymnastics. popular amalgaination) is believed by many to be tke 2360, aan, 3364, sses. s3m, 2307, avri, \m», m£..ofaviewofmotherEarth. ThebuildersaretolegislateSlaveryandamalgamationIntoanyTerri- busy la tory or State, nor to exclude them therefrom, but toVaitedStatesCliraltOaart—Maw.IflL.,...''i OrriUe H. Brown n. Chtrlet M. Datinn.— that "City of Churches" m tke tliough many people are thinking it Is about tfane we their own way, subject only to the ConstttuUonof the This is an actton to recover damages to alleged se-yetreceived, update,Christmas, and recommence In February.literally true,twenty-three applications from parties deshing to* Such Winters are few and far between in this lati-improvednianiedwoBaad»-at her mountainman Tile enough to seduce aand his wife lived at the restaoranl Alter ra^dlaa.pledgesand made war on thethought meanly of Idm and his ways, but he consid-less keen, and the comforts of civilization are more get-at-able.AFFAIRS IM UTAH.Prealdential Preferences of the Monnona— was written by Mr. J. D. B. Dx Bow, Superintendenthurrying up newon hand, ereB«ft>re Jadfe SSlpBAa.arecaught by inclemencies of this inclement regulate, Slavery, amalgamatevery apt Sunday,to Iwwe had some tallIn theHis right^us soul seemed vexed considerably over those unrighteous fellows who rudely ran across IllsCENSUS RETUBN8.er a keptSibpage 82, is found the following " InIn an official document.*'iS inexperieaoed, not knowing anydiing seducer^ era. held a consuUatien with her husband, andfsnad Oaths mm:preachinga thisCity. The aetlaatheyleave the people thereof perfectly free to form and:States, and the inferences drawn by Mr. Ds Bow andtaken in the present census. Very respectfully,CiHsvs-ornos, DsrAamxitT o> ths Innioa, WAssraoTox, Nov. 3, I860,tvery respectableBhstoa,—Dear Sirrelating to the mulatto population of the United served to be held to the highest responsibility. Browaon record in ait aad ^ven the Census Bureau itself, are devoted to the tion of Mr. Di Bow's errors or misrepresentations, I duced her to come to tills City to.eam aliveliluMid,would state' that wliile as an individual, itsome of a Republican turn, while the majority, who propagation of errors and false impressions deroga- cost me many a trial to refrain from exposing them, name of Isabella Saijeant, so that Brown oonld aotin for at lean to the tory to and disgracbig the people of the Free States. as a public officer I havano doubt of my duty to ab- find her. Mr. Davison, the plaintiff, had a wifis wka go poUtics all, Democratic aide. From the figures given, but more especially from this stain altogether from incorporating mere opinions in was a most excellent lady, and who was ia ths But a good portion of the people appear to have no statement, has arisen the general oplidon that tlte an official publication designed for the registration nf habit of visiting this boarding-house, where;aud induced her tointo aboarding-houseunderthaand if It has lieen the misforttme of Government to have an oSdal per- vert the truth, and make a permamsot public record oftion as to render its possessor ofincapably presentingthatenumerated with their place of nativity.moaer, which ksTo the Editor of the New-York TimesTmHabout nine months ago (50,000 of notesl-aHrff^lRMtt,the eograreT, $50,000printed and no more," and in another place It says'*senled tothis morning, (Sor. 16,) of the Boon County Bank were sent, with the platesvison took her to theshe stayed for three or four months. Whether the act was consummated at that place or not he could not state. Davison then took her to Missin Twenty-sixth-street, said to be, ae w^states thatfronlad. to the Auditor of State acoompsMod by an HBUaTit, made by to the effect that had been:to- gether with A. W. SpooHsa, President, and J. Mc. Lanx. Cashier of the Bank, to print 7.000 impreasions of the first plate named and 6,000 impressions of theof the kind.family coiriing to Fort Lee, Davison reestablished his:Interrogatories proposed, youare in-replyabout one-minth in the alavehotdtn^ States are anycircumstances, have made the statement where- not earning money enough to snppcat {hem. Mr.Whilit nearly half of the colored in the non-slaveholdinf States are mulat-:parties,ing anytliingPrior, however, to thasealedand placed in a box on which was marked the same adulter)' led to every other crime. The woman whovit, (in a sealed envelope, to the effect that I haddirectedasthe plates and sentwas ail and righther Brown) en- (Mrs. justsent the1 iiadi at first declined to send the bills by any other waytheafter theof about eight months, 1 heard through the newspapershim (the man) that that waswassecurities were deposited, and that the same partiesthat the Bankwere still President and Cashier of the Bank, IMrs.;been detected at once through the discrcpiuicym tnedinnerMrs. B. or Isabel a to Saijeant greed:tliem to the order of tliethink)jmIrestaurant iawhere the plaintiff was assistant- The gtil was ssK-I received a written order. Nov. 14, 1859, from F. T. Brown and her brother and resided. Aboat theMbssbxolb J. T. SwasT, persistersuppressed, and Mr. Brown's letters were iaterccpted.;wareno live with Mrs. Brown longerthey ssy, Mn. Brown declining to go West, in consequence of thewould be known by sittingoncoursenullandvoid. ShecametothisCity,andDa-fanUlysteel 20th of May, 1859. a boy was bom, the very picture Ottoplates of the denominations 1, 1, 2, 3, and 5, 5, 10, 20, the child was bom, Mr. Elliott loanfed her $500 toagent,Boon County Bank, Lebanon, Ind., and also re-Mr. Davison, with the oL a Afterengraveiexception goatee.in business with, though at first he iiad no idea of ao-that I hadof the small denominations, and that the Webb,express to the Auditor, and 7,000 impressionsothers. ThisboxI delivered to the order of the Cashier and President of the ffank above-named, the President himself being present atthe time.thembyprintedRobertNo. 80 York-street, Brooklynshe came when she left, told hinOn the wrapper1,2, 3. Boone County Bank, Ind.." 7,000 impressionsprinted W. L. Q." On the other, 5, 5, 10, 20, Boone sible. and have him punished : while Mrs. B. wasplatesby express.topoliceman press,n<xfromthebillss^^bytheomcersoftheBank, wouldhavetiimarrestedand"6,000that passedia HewasinhereompanyeveiTnlght which paid him for I will fav onhinsfaocrtmiaotniohnas been so prompt, that the except when he was absent at West Farms. Witnessweonmgang.ed —suchconductwouldappeartobebe- authOTSofthefraud,manyastheyare,wdihardlyre- wasabsentsometimesthreenightsinaweek.weredignitythey merit.I » ill further, on my own behalf, that If tldsto be married on the 10th of Februarydays before the meeting in Taylor's. The engag^ ment was broken off. Never saw anything oat ol theto to the article in the Jie- attempting replyexiiericiue teachesnever to trust L. 0RM8BY.Tliai dissimilar in color, have ever yet inhabited any country on the globe, as-hi atwo races South will unite in a few centuriesbotli, except after conviction for John Valpe, onas sureover Carsoa District Than, of planU, as irresistible as gravity, as unavoidable as tion of UieUntitled Documentfate,as the faUMoaoAN, in his last annual called the atten- was wei acVmainted with;:The Frmn theanything, itisla the character or beha\1or of Mrs. Brown,He was »«)'»'"'«' is as inevitable as for removal or suspension when the Senate is not in Vilne ilviiii one vcar before mimageit,K.T*" months i-ruvtoiuto '.Ae manage.,but uoue was1858Mrs. Brown had black eyes and hair ;Mrs. B. calledvice : he replied he would detect the person if T>oo-Counsel for the called for the letters to beop- posite counsel, who stated that they could prove by and all cireum-tering;Brown was u a seat near;Webb's see Mr. Davisontro..-«o,«ma/M>».-Mrs. B. came toand told him itwasaBrightftid she would be homeTaylor'si:did not;: spoketo wtlaess at nooa ; it waswhen he came home tomarry ttere were matrimonial aagagsmsnts tictweea;two weeks before tlus meetiiig in Taylor'sto be married. She then;knewWm her: mfli aatmsitwww.fultonhistory.comThomas M. Tryniski 309 South 4th Street Fulton New York 13069''Jil"'iVl'ri'"f'"fi""' -^^^JiS^ t-i^vvii^«-!r-- iiriiirtifr^