 NEW YORK HERALD.n>r> H ASU PROPRIETOR-Jame«i C onset to the office ol Grand Sachem of the tions of foreign goods at this port for.ih*. backward step mar be too late to save ns from Order. year to date are only »142^»9,7I5 against di**olution. All this is plain a* daylightAccordingtotheCityInspector's report there $156,450,994toth*eon**pondingdatelastyear; Furthermore,"Lincoln'selection,Withhisnew ware4MdeathslaUrncitedaringthepestweek,a whileourexportsofdomesticproduceare|4C- programme,willinaugurateanewepochandaTat JoiRAxr ot THE PSJNCE OF WALES.— Erery account from the whereabouts of the Prince of Wales represents thefuror ofIhe peopleof the British Provinces ason thein-crease. Nothing can exceed the amount of en-THE STATE ELECTIONS.Th» K>i kjr muetlom. aXSCTIO*OV LBSL1S cuaw, TBI OrrwmM r..mnaiaFORcuaxor«•cocaror^eratii CutonraiTi, Aagsst S, tSW©.FiCtS-W.CMIOBMorKASisrAND{CLTOKST*. duringthecorrespondingweeklastyear.There-peoplenotonlyspendallthe.moneytheymake,rwJbV*A-«<»«1* /•>••«•»«**•#•"<*weee***« JutKrijuiea bones,joints.Ac.9Zofthebrainandnerves.5of the generative organs, 12 of the heart and bloodwe are spending comparatively little, earning a great deal more than usual, and borrowingEverettandHouston,wouldbeheardofafterthis jwarm. Thedetaileddescription of bis pro- We havethe foftswisf return* -K vTrOHAL VARtwTIRS. Chatham etreei-Jaii-v Twrr- OHI*-W l>ava*i.itaa»ea—TOOMJV*.the Japanese bill, which for downright jbare-faced robbery is without a parallel in the sudden reaction, as in the case of Kossuth.r . y . i r i OARDKH, rounaeaUi a-.-ee^-Vocxt AS»ia- Wheat was also in good demand, and firmer, and closed •ix •mf'tja. Con.Ttat. _ _ _ _ _ about le. per bushel higher Corn was in good demand, and closed turn. I'ork was-iomewhat irregular Sales ofCVXJrFBBUBTm»0«RIHALL,K3fcoadway.-Soaoa, a^wmessweremadeat$1912>4.oldprimeat$1325 (thecU on the day), and new do., in small lots, at $H A time sale of mess for September delivery was made,Doty o f the Opposing Candidates. TheelectionofAbrahamLincolnasournext President is now generally conceded to be in- evitable. 'To be sure, the republican parly. which cannot command an electoral vote in theto call a public indignation .meeting im- mediatelytpdenounceallwhohaveany complicity in the matter, and not let the matter die away like a nine days' wonder. Here is a list of those who voted for the pay-We hope the reception of the Prince of Wales will be free from all those eccentricities. H eN•w ¥or_.Tmca^aaVjr,Aagait7,I860.MAILS FOB KUBOFB.Seller's option, a t $ 1 9 25 Sugars were Steady, withdoescotappealtoanypoliticalorotherex- oftheState,Eiis'majoritywillbe7.S8T.Thedetso- citing feelings. He come* here seeking instruc- craiic majority in the Legislature wUI be reduced cas. tion and information which may be useful to siderably, but is too large to be overcome. Tbedeee*• «-Vora Uer.ld —JakUttolinjunction:—Aam«.HenrySmithRichard Barry.... 488 Pearl st John T. Henry.... 92 P.earto st James Bagley 32 Pike stH. W. Genet 12 Centre 6t JohnH.Brady....122AmitystTherefore let him be received with aTaaCuBard maif Bteamahip UaaJ*. Capt. Lang, will leavaiBoatoa,OBWedneaday,forUyrpool.He( B\._ for Burope will cloaa la thU city tUia aftar- nooa at a a^uartar uaat oaa o'clock to go b j railroad, tad. at a i-»rt~ to «mr o .iock to go ay tteaiBboaA.16SouthstFreightagent. Rumseller. Carpenter. Coal merchant. Lawyer. Stairbuilder.DIDATES FOBNOMINATIONS, ETC., FTC. SKOAL DSarATCS TOOTHS KBBALD.tha* o try Assembly district will be represented inthe Convention, and^several of the leaders of theparty were already on the ground. A report pre-\ aiiad in Syracuse last night that a large number offightingmenfromthiscitywouldreachtherewheat,and700.000,000bushelscorn;butthese to day, to take part in the outside proceedings ofrare sport is anticipated.A band of music will accompany the squad-ron,andbetweenallthepleasuresofsense and soul with which both visiters and visited will b e blessed, a life will be infused into the event that will make it one of the epochs in the historyofAmericanyachting.STEACVSS Augitst «— Midnigiit evidentlyontheincrease. Newyachtshave AcaucusofaboutonehundredmembersoftheJosrfa-and claiming that it was his right to organize tie Cos vention. He ssid that Mr. Schell mutt acquiesce in tha Mr. Randall a remarks were loudly cheered. H e closed by inquiring whether there was a single delegate present who declined to recognize Mr. Gross's organization There was ao affirmative response.General Chamberlain and other speakers fwilo red, ee-the Convention.Hyjthe arrival of the overland pony express weha\eaJvicesfromChinatoMay2tj,JapantoJune 'i,, aid from San Francisco to July 23. A tele-a robbery as that involved in the Japanese bill? The most wealthy citizens will flee to otherbaais of 10 ,c. a 1 » V - for middling uplands. Flour was In better demand, and under the Influence ot the foreign news closed at an advance of about 5c. per barrelbeyond the division of the spoils, there would not be a cloud or a speck on the horizon.The Prospect o f Lincoln's Election—Th* history of corporations. The taxpayers oughtFxr.rm(neut-al) has just received t h e followingare mere rough guesses. There is only one great staple whose production is reliably ascertained from year to year, and that is cotton.Next, there is the Bell-Everett, or "the oldgentlemen'sparty,"'averyconservativeparty,cutting in and cutting out, combining with eropposing Douglas, or Breckinridge, or both, asthe occasion may seem to demand, in this place,thatplace,andtheother. Theywouldbe citiestoavoidtheimposition,andthosewhothe Convention wUT force Mr? Dickinson to take the place at the bead o f the ticket,* Mr. Jay cox can be renominated forCanalCommissioner,butdeclinespositively. Afa!! e l e c t o r a l t i c k e t w i l l b e m a d e *>f c l e a r a n d s o u n d Br* . . a ridge men, and all otTers of fusion with the DongUs meawill be quietly laid on the table.Mr Green will b e reappointed Chairman of the StateCommittee.It is, however, pretty certain by this time thankful, too, fort the support of the republi- giaphhsummaryofthenewsisgiveninanother thatthecropsof1860,whatevermaybethe cans,wheresuchsupportwouldbeuseful—thatremain will have to share among them the in- tolerableload.Thisisafearfulstateofthings, anditoughttobe brought to a speedyend.The interest in this aquatic amusement iscclumn. At San Francisco business w a s greatly aggregate amount o f each, will without excep-crpre-vied. The democratic politician* throughout tion be the largest ever raised in the country. t'aiifti-niawerequiteundecidedastotheirPresi- Theonlycropfailurethisyearisthewheat denUal preferences, and were awaiting .news of and corn cropfc of some of the Southern States tr.oTtments in the Atlantic State*. The news from where they have had but little rain; Japan is interesting. The war in China had caused but these States have never been great pro- p.eat activity in all branches of trade, but the ducers of food, though their wheat has gene- enhanced prices of commodities in consequence rally been very fine in quality. Throughout had .treated considerable prejudice towards for-is, in the border slave States—and they doubt-lessexpecttoget it hereandthere,indefault WehopethecitizensofNewYorkwilldotheir ofarepublicanelectotalticket. dutytothemselvesandthecity,byassemblingtion has just been held at the Voorheee House. beenandareabouttobeaddedtothesquad- Hon. HenryS.Randallspokeat lengthuponthe ron, new members arecontinuallyjoining the question of the two ca'ls for a State Convention, recognizing John A. Grten, Jr., as the lealev In t h e warfare against t h e Albany Regency,the great wheat growing States of the Union— New York, Pennsylvania, Ohio, lodiana, Illi-hausting their ammunition against each other, or foolishly negotiating impossible combina- tions, there is nothing in the world to preventANOTHER GREAT METEOR.—It will be seen, by correspondence and newspaper extracts which we publish elsewhere in to day's HERALD, that another great meteor has been witnessed in theNEW YORK HERALD, TUESDAY, AUGUST 7, 1^60i:,-•'decrease of T as compared with the mortality of 281,575, against $33,573,647 for the same period the week previous, and 1M less than oocurred of 1859. Generally speaking, the Americannew order of things, under which all thes# out-* " " " m Osaataa S7 majeritv f/»«*!rt-^oomba UT majoWty. '' Ma)Sville_Coomba1*3majorityFayette coonty~4 <*«*• roe majorityB w b o s county-Cooeaba SSS saajortty.Nicholas oountj-Coombs US majorityCampbell county-Goomba SSS taaj-rttjCovtngtoa city-Goom us SSS majority.LouisvdUe Coombs 4,27a, MoCiarty 1jm. Isliisi MiTTasMlssowrlStateKlsetssau WABSAw,Ms.,ingiis,aargAX) siJoF/CB ••*>- «• «w«#Buaai eeryyewdeaea. Wtdo m* tick that the bills ©r mortality of the mouth of July, not been borrowing aa much aa the banks want- the taxpayers in various ways—that they divide originally sprang. W e should take warning fromSOO to SOS majority- Hancock Jackson, so bv «retura r&rtorl <*»>«• NaMntMaaa. -*.~u.~m»mt. 4m.• W f t « * / W . » « . , Hea-A*. FA»w.r UBSAU*. - * J <»«** 13*0, when compared with those of 1853 and 1859, ed to lend. Universal caution and consarva the spoils between them, and never admit those iby past experiences, and n o t overdo it on this heard from, gets four votes.TMM wr.itii.rHUHALO, «•«•*%*rS«ir,«f <**«M*/«•vessels,toof thelongs,throat,Ac,6ofold age,tt of diseases of the akin and eruptive fevers, 197 nothicg. We are building no railroads, except a of disease* of the stomach, bowels and other di- few necessary extensions of our present railwayelection, they will move now, as we have indi- cated, to turn it in the right direction to savegress which w e publish to-day will b e readwitheagernessbyvastnumbersofourpeople, iwho are looking forward with pleasure to thetime when we shall have him amongst us.The reception he receives in New York, the«JL^-• SaMT « — > «** *«•>••'• KiMm m«rm Wtdmmbm, gestive organs, 50 of general fevers, 1 premature system Into the Western wilderness. No lew births, 1 of disease of the urinary organs, 1 un- issues of railway bonds or stock are seekingTiii. JAPAMMC SWINDLE—THE NEW*YOMCOB-FOKATtf'N APT Prax.s.—The papers say that inknown, and 33 from violent causes. The na-purchasers in Wall street; no financiers are go- t loiofIreland,»SofGermany,6ofEngland,4 ofthe Corporation of New York there it what is (great commercial metropolis of the country,/Bir.iiS/AJHUHAiPonWoAieMbir.atfW•to»pw tivitytaWegives838nstivesoftheUnitedStates,ingtoEuropewithflamingprospectusestotrycalled-aring.''orinnercircleofmembers,shouldbemarkedwithadignityanddecorum'Vol^TAHr''ZiiKM&eQSDt3rcx, -^z^ ^^TH to wheedle John Bull out of his money. Until who are known to each other by a secret or befitting ourselves, and his position aa the heir Scotland, and the balance of various foreign coun-Balkw, dem., ia electa* representative eartala, ^ U^imr+l/m a s - im.Tonm**^SSS^S^riSt- tries. The report contains the gratifying informs within a few weeks-, even the merchants have mystic tie—that they conspire together to rob apparent to that great empire from w >ich w e Reid a a d t h e regular democratic State ticiet wtti a stwU/«nlr<i•»<*twmp~m>gdi*iam*. %oikma XX\. ........ jj. show7»7testdeathsthaninWW,aad327lossthantismseemtohaveovertakenthefinancialandoutsidetheringtoanyparticipationiatheoccasion.Thereissuchathingaatoomuch SnorariELO,Mo,AugustS,INI_LAjit'KKMKMTit THIS rrnarisa.and when compared with the month of July, 1858, This is a most gratifying picture—it is one to that category. We believe there is a great becomes toadyism. The great fault with our gTessiooal district.KTtTJO-8OAKirK*.sroadway.-EsssatxiAJiPaaroaa-W'tfTEB OARfE*. Broadway, ewjieatt* *>*»* etreet-WALLACE'S rm;*TWR. Brnadway.-PAsrawxs 0", » : r T l ; i w c v H . S K I I P - M T T * o F A taX M .l.KVkh. KlWrtK'w THEATRE. N*. St* Broadway-">« A»x*ifA» Ooaaia ,_butthis. Ofcourseitneedhardlybeadded YorkCorporationisnottheonlypublicbody•• ••••••.«U in|185«. Infantflemortalityhaslargelydiminished, commercialcommunity. plunder,andthattheJapaneseswindlebelongs manners aswellastoolittlemanners,andthatPhelps will best both s f h i s competitors 1,5*1, n ^ . cockJackson, will notreceive 1SS0votes u tat c«airawiBOWEBI rliiUTBB, Brwtry.-Ro»*ta~\txi*s the crops were, In the main, considered to be equal towhat they were last year. The corn bad suffered great- B\pi«TJw*» AMKRMAN KCaSTX. Broa4w»y.-D*» and ly, and in n.any sections of the country it wasK?rtfii-r.Tiiwri*» HO^S. DA*CIS, Haaunuota. Unas considered a failure. Owing to the advices from the C;*IM3HK>. **> _ _ _ _ _ _ South, the market assayed increated drawees and acdelphia, on the occasion of the visit ofthe Japanese; sometimes the visit of dis- tinguished strangers is made the pretextfor plunging into the treasury, and rob-Jsmmsov C m , August S, ISM This township. Price ISO majority, and orr aboil l amajority. Liberty township gives Price 81 ma. >-AJ atirou township gives Price ISS majority.V i'»- fit SlTi»»«.classes cf the people. Were it not for the tin certainties of"thepresidential election, andthe doubts which overhang the future conduct ofNew York Corporation, who are apt scholars Inthis kind of erudition, have followed there-spectable example set them in Congress, andthey have committed a great many aqts ofrascality; but the climax is capped bythe bills show a decrease of 630, and 370 less than which can be drawn of no nation in the world deal of truth in that statement But the New people is that, under exciting circumstances ofWassnrctos, Mb., August I lift ThewholeCniooticketisaheadisthisossstyaatal400.blast.The cotton market at present ia more influenced by inteRigaoce from the South regarding the injury inflicted.on the ciop by tha drought than by the news from Liver-pool. At last accounts, except here and there, where oe enormously increased yield of the earth and of cailobal showers bad fallen, it w a s without mitigation.TV crops on the highlands, when comprise the chief dis-trict of its culture, had suffered severely, aad led to th *opinion Uiat, com* what might hereafter, the yield th*rewould be a thirl less. 0 a low laads and river bottomsthiskind,theyareapttomakethemselvesa little ridiculous sometimes. We have seen nu- merous sensations and receptions here during the last thirty years, and there were very fewBRT.i«T8' MlNSTKtU-*, Me-hanles' Hall. 47. Broadway- filrUy yesterday, with sales of 2,000 ba!cs, closing on th e the desperate politicians who have no thought ftcr.uu4:as,8oana. IUHCES, AC.—SBAJI »n.at.[New Y'ork Corporation and the Japanese recep- tion;andsometimesenthusiasmrunstothepitch of madness, only to experience a remarkablyOPPOSITIOK.PtnasscRC, Vs., August g. 1W0Thefrom a reliable some* at Raleigh —Full retoras froa forty-Svc counties show a net gain for Pool of 8,049 over Gilmer's vote in 1856 These forty-Svc counties coast*. tote two-thirds of the popular vote ia the Stat*. Admit, ting that Pool will gain in the same ratio in the rasaaiaderthat the present ia a transitory stage: that the vast increase of wealth proceeding from thein which there are •rings." Who doe* not know of the famous Matteson circle In Congress? It was sworn by Reverdy Johnson, in his evidence in the Des Moines Improvement case, that some of the initiated admitted to him that the circle consisted of thirty or forty members, of all par- ties, who held the balance of power, and wouldWASSAW, Aug JM «, n * C. T. Jackson"s majority, together with the Fat*ticket, in Benton county, U from 400 to£e«0 Reld, for Coagrew' [of them that were not characterized by some ec- received t h e s a n e majorHy aa the State ticket Jasm centricities. Sometime* the people display their Ballou, democrat, is elected to the Legislature by 400as-the factories must beget a corresponding in-crease of commercial activity and speculativeenterprise, spreading new life and strengththroughout every fibre of the national body,and affording lucrative employment to all let no bill pass which did not pay toll. Thefill manners, as they did the other day in Phila- Jorltjr.sake of GC0 hhds., a t rates gb en in another column.Coffee mas quiet, awaiting the advent of the public Southern States, is a minority party in the ment of the bill in the face of the facts set•ale. Freights were Arm, with moderate engagements Northern State?, and with the concentration offorth In the application of Mr. Chatfield for an before assuming the rank and duties of his pro- The I f e w Y o r k B r e c k i n r i d g e S t a t e t o n .to Liverpool aud l«>ndon at full r.Ues.Our Financial Prospect. Itisaratherfortunatethingthatthecensus of the United States is to be taken this year, for Providence has BOfavored ns that we shallthe forces opposed to it, this party could easily be driven from tfie field. But while it is united like a Macedonian phalanx, the superior num- bersoftheoppositionaredividedintoseveral hostile camps, apparently more intent upon the destruction of each other than upon the defeatwest tism.SPIRITED OATHEBING OF THE FRIENDS OF BSICtTK-t_» toiunu tor-oa otn•Baa-u>winbepnbltBhe* beabletomakeashowthatwillastonishthe ofthecommonenemy.1FootWest80thst..Brtekmerchant. £11 Third at Shipwright. V2lEast21stst....Builder.108 East £4th at.. .Builder,i V t o'elock ia U » amraiag, SlBfit ooptM, ta wrapworld. The figures which indicate the produc-yafvltlx eaatav tive capacity of the country, as revealed in theTt»aooatoBiaottooEnormialornoworm H—uoa censusof18G0,willprobablyastonisheventheleft, are denouncing the Breckinridge ticket as George Starr 2 Jefferson market. Batcher. Chas.G.Cornell....CSthirdst Butcher.mences this week, and promises to be an un- is now settled that the old line democracy of every As- semblydistrictwillberepresentediatheCenreatiea usuallyinterestingaffair. Alargenumber tomorrow. Thebardshellmanagersaremostlyonthewill ooaablo* tha aawa rooalyad by avail aad talagraph at idortogthanrartooiweak,aadoptothahowofmost sanguine of our own people.It is now admitted that thefigure*of the cen- sus of 1850 are unserviceable for the purposes of commercial calculation. They were in manyinstancesdefectivewhentheywerefirstcollected ; and the country has grown so much since then that the most ludicrcus errors are made by those who use them as the basis of es- timates. AfewoftheStatestakeaaannual account of stock, which is probably in the main pretty trustworthy ; but as this h not general, it is useless for national computations. No one can tell within 50,000,000 bushels how much wheat is produced in the I'nited States, or within 200,000.000 bushels how much corn. The actual amount of rice, tobacco, hay, pork, beef, butter, rye, potatoes, Ac, raised in the country is equally a matter of doubt. People talk of a maximum crop of 200.000,000 bushelsthedisunionticket,thepartysupportingitas Wm.JPeck F. I. A. Boolep-hliCOtJKCILMBN.t-theSoutherndisunionparty,andMr.Buchanan O.MPtattis charged with being amere instrument of mis- James Owenschief in the bands of the Southern fire-eaters. Joseph Shannon... 162 Water st But che r.ofboatshavealreadybeenentered,andItis not unlikely that the occasion will be the most animated that has ever marked the career of the club.ground,andaresanguineofpollingalargevoteonaseta rate ticket. Mr. Green is recognized by all the delegate! from the rural districts, and the movement of Collector Schell, of New York, Is openly derided as absurd. $ * New York Custom House, It Is said, has no hrrraeuce oat sideofNewY'orkcity,anduodelegateshavebanTla• . \ r a i .Kl|ction9 took place yesterday in Kentucky,Mi.<siuri,ArkansasandTexas. Weha\enore- tnrB-J from thetwolastmentioned States. The teiaitw from Kentucky indicate the election of (nne^al Leslie Combs, the candidate of the Bellrartj for Clerk of the Court of Appeal?, over hU tw-drmoc ratio competitors, by a large majority. TUe ijeturns from MLssoitri affyrd no induation as to the result.Tu£ New York Breckinri'lge State Convention, for t i e nomination of candidate* (or State officers and presidential electors, will.meet at Syracuse to- ttayJ last evening there waa reason to believeJohn Baulch CS Chatham s t Hatter.Ed wd Costeuo.... Washington m'kt.. Butcher. S.TMunson 199West17thst..Lo«k«mith. C. W. Campbell. ...Malta Saloon Rumaelier.Now. with these three paities or factions in in a great demonstration to demand indemnity the field, dividing the forces opposed to the for the past and security for the future. republicans into three separate armies, e x -club,andthereiseveryprospectthatbefore many years have elapsed this healthy and at- tractive sport will have become so popular as to be worthy of being placed first on the list of ihe national pleasures of our young country.eigners among certain classes. From China w el e a n that the rebels have been very successful re-t eutly. It was reported that the Chinese op the nois, Wisconsin, Minnesota. Michigan and thefirstNapoleon cut up the divided forces of southwest, equal to, If not surpassing, the won- developements about the newspaper press. dorsing Mr. Randall's views.the republicans cutting them all to pieces, asI'eiho were preparing to defend themselves against Iowa—the crop is universally pronounced by the Austrians at Rivoli. It is sheer nonsense derful meteoric phenomenon which occurred onTHE PRESS AND THE POLITICIANS.—Every Presidential election brings out some strangethe invasion of the French and English. the farmers, to be the best ever harvested. CornBy) aa arrival at New Orleans we have news from promises equally well; unless some unusualto talk of any other result with the present di- the 20th of July. We have accounts of the ap-visions and dispositions of the anti-republi- pearance of this last meteorfromKnoxville and Nashville, in Tennessee; Caroline county, Vir-After a foil interchange of opinion the caucus ad- Sometimes a hew paper is started—a campaign journed.affair—sometimes the politicians buy a paper Mr. Schell arrived to-night, attended b y Mr. Mather, already in existence, and sometimes the paper Mr. Mclntyre and Mr. Bixby.of the tublic stores ThereVer*j Cruz. The city was healthy. The liberals disaster should occur the corn crop likewisewere;preparingtoattackthecapital,andtheMirawillbelargelyinexcessoftheaverage.Landscanforces.Wecannotbelievethatthereare buysthem.Itwaslatelyannouncedthatapen-isquestionnowwhetherbewillattempttoorganzamen party threaten to attack Vera Cruz;. Miramon which in 1S58 yielded five bushels wheat to the ten men in a hundred thousand who can read a ginia; Buncombe county, North Carolina; Cin-ny paper was to be started in this city, and that separate Convention, but it is general.; believed be v.11 not.was pit I -agoa at last accounts. apre, will this year yield twenty; and landsT!# steamship Arago, from Havre and South- which in the same year gave fifteen to twenty and party movements of the day, anticipatenewspaper who, under the circumstances cinnati, Warren county, Chillicothe and I'ellowRobert J. Walker, ex-Governor of Kansas, andthusiasm and Jpyalty which everywhere greets willbesubmerged.Consequently,ifBreckin- him. Inthiscountry,too,theinterestinthe dicatetheetactloaofCoombs,theoppositeaide candidates. leaders and partis* of this dayoapitelatiea table gives 1 death of disease of the but borrow as much as they can besides. Now ridge and Lane, Douglas and Johnson, Bell and young Prince is every day becoming more SwCtark of taw Court of Appeals by a largethe day.j,* Plac* of Bvnnm. e%wpo/vw.RIIXJK AND LANE—POSITION OF COLLSCTOtALDERKEXThe Convention is ail at sea on the subj.-ct of nom aa- lions. Ihe sentiment is almoe. unanimo'i* against any onion wah the Douglasites.Governor Dickinson is expected here from Bnuhimt >n in the morning-the rice planters are in good spirits: the sugar National Convention in New York of the in- apparently three hundred yards hi length, and somewhere in that direction. Lane Democratic State Convention at present a light. butampton 2.">th ult., with 183 passengers, the mails bushels corn, will this year give forty-five to any other result than Lincoln's election.and4fr.llcargo ofmerchandise, arrived atthis sjxty. Webelievethat,asageneralrule,pota- Withthe unionorco-operationofthepopu- instant,andwasvisibleforbutaninstant:from tion. But it appears that they have backed outport last evening. She brinjrs no news, Amongst toes, hay and rye will be a full average: the lar elements opposed to him, he could be de half a second to ten seconds Is the range of es- of the business, as one that would not pay, and* the p^engers by the Arago we notice Lewis Cass, timates. Our Knoxville correspondent de-THE GENERAL NEW?PAPET. DESPATCH. Snucrss, Augusts—3 P. Mbeef and pork crop will be considerably above feated; and in view of this union or co opera- scribes it as being aboutfiftytimes as large and will probably invest their spare cash in thetMiai. of the Russian army, and MonsieurR.de la an average. In the South, both the tobacco and tion, we have thrown out the suggestion of a more brilliant than a skyrocket, with a tail of back settlements of Kansas or Nebraska, or The attendance of delegate? to th e Brcckiardge sadJr., t^i-- ex-Minister to Rome; Colonel Axel Ga-Sarrjgc Vice Consul for France at Richmond.The steamship Vigo, which left this port on crop of Louisiana will be short, we are told, as dependent conservative people, without dis- a number of delegates will arrive by the next tram.Saturday last for Liverpool, will arrive off Cape also will the corn crop in the Gulf States. Withtinction of party. But such large bodies move throwing off the brightest scintillations. H e It seems that penny papers, or any other kind It is expected there will be a full represeataUoa to mor-Racei to day or to-morrow, and communicate with the »hore for the latest despatches from this city.A (large portion of our space to-day is devoted to tke accounts given by our special correspon- dent of the first landing of the Prince of Wales at St. Je'.ns, N. P., his reception there, aad the cele- bration upon his arrival at Halifax. Everywhereregard to cotton, opinions differ somewhat. In the beginning of July the favorite estimate, biased on the area planted, and the fair springJeather, was 5,000,000 bales; but since then the •otight has affected the uplands, and some re- duction must be made. Some authorities look,slowly. This Convention would take time, evenif undertaken at all. and time is precious.thinks it must have been much more dazzling than the meteor of the 20th of July, of which heof papers devoted to party polhies/are far from being profitable concerns just now. Even in Chicago, the headquarters of one of the mostrow.Very few outsiders muster as yet.Hon. Edwia Cromwell has remained over a'. Albany, and will not be here in con-e'iuence of uidinerent healtU. Be is said to favor a compromise and union. ,Springs, in Ohio, and Pittsburg, Pennsylvania.George N. Sanders, ex-Governor of Nowhere, It appeared on Thursday evening last, the 2d had invested a million of dollars in the specula-*had read descriptions In the HERALD.Singu-There is a shorter and more practical methodfor accomplishing the end in view, it is the larly enough, both he and our Virginia corres- prominent of the Presidential candidates, andwithdrawal of the three tickets of Breckinridgeand Lnne, Douglas and Johnson, and Bell andpondent witnessed the memorable display of shooting stars in 1832, and they agree that that did not compare in splendor with this pheno-the very focus of his popularity and power, the papers in his interest are eating each other up. His chief organ nowfindsitself in the bowels ofThe organization of which John A. Greta is at the head appears to be the one generally rccoguized by the dele gates as regular. Mr. Schell, it is thought, will u >i nukeEverett, from the field, and the adoption of athepeopleturnedoutenma&ietodohonortothe underfavorablecircumstances,foracropof singleticketuponwhichthesethreeparties menon. Thelattercorrespondentisdisposed anotherjournal,thoughweareassuredithad anygreatoppositiontoit,asmanydelegate.-*fromKeal.cirapparent,andatHalifaxalargenumberof 41,800,000;othersthinkitwillnotexceedtheIndians participated in the demonstration. A <jrop of 1859, say 4,600,000; while others doubt n-.eeting of the British residents of New York tookmay unite.But how is thistothinkthatthiswasthesame"palewanderer been"conductedfromitsfirstissue,notonly YorkgaveinallegiancetoMr.Greenof the skies" that flew across the heavens a fort- with ability, but with a vigor which has eleva- It sppears certain that a straight ticket, both Bute aadplace last evening at the Astor House, to make whether it will reach 4,500,000 bales. But noourastronomers;butoneobstacletothissup- paperintheNorthwest." Thereasonassigned fewdelegatesatpostpoucmentforthepurposeofeffcetia* a compromise.position is that, whereas the former travelled for the caving in of this great oracle is, that "pe- A Breckinridge a n d Lane Club was organised to oigM fromwesttoeastthelatterpursuedadirectly cuniarydifficultieshadsprungupbetweenthe intbecity.opposite course—from southeast to northwest partners in the concern, which left no alterna- The eleven o'clock train from toe East lriaee up eon* Itissomewhatremarkablethatbothappeared tivebuttheoneadopted.'' Whatarethepecu- additionstothedelegatesalready here, tncladwj Hw at about the same hour in the evening—between niary difficulties of the Chicago journal com- Augustus Schell and a majority of the Xe*T»rk delepreliminaryarrangementsforthereceptionofthe oneseemstodoubt,unlessthefall season l'ricce of Wales in New York. A committee w a s should proye very unfavorable, that it will b eaddictedforthatpurpose,whowillreportpro- 40a45percentinexcessoftheaveragecropceeidtags at a future meeting.TfleiBjaaction sued outtoprohibit themnnici-!>»M»thaiitie* from P»yi«g the $105,000 expenses forIfie entertainment of the Japanese was to have been taken up in the Supreme Court yesterday. It*! owing to the large number of cases before it on the calendar, the ease was not reacted.A largs somber of psopl* attended the meetingof tie board of Supervisors yesterday, to hear thereport of the special committee on the appoint-ment of canvassers aad inspector* for the comingelection. These officials number 1,300, and t _ echairmanofthecommitteesaidtheyhadbeense-lected from all political parties, aad were worthy tvery side. Tfce amount o f raw material con-to be done? partycaucusesorconferences. No!Ifleft to the respective "friends" of Breckinridge, DouglasandBell,noarrangementofthiskind would be made, if the election, for their accom- modation,werepostponedfor tenyears.But there is a way whereby this scheme of fusion may be consummated, and it is very simple. Let Messrs. Breckinridge and Lane, Douglas facturing business of the country,we andJohnson,BellandEverett,meettogether in a little convention of six, or, if they would rather have it, seven; let them take in Generalnight before, and that baffled the science of all ted it tp the position of the leading democraticelectoral, will be made; but there is some effort among afve years ago. Here,then,isaclearprospectofanaggregateincrease of wealth, by actual production, which qan hardly be figured in dollars. Turn- ing, on the other hand, to the manu-gallon.Hon. DantelS. Dickinson is talked of for Governor byfind tha1. it never was so prosperous as it is at present The report from every part of New England is, that the mills are in con- stant operation; that the manufacturers cannotbably HOB. Charles OCunor will b e tht nominee of tbe Convention.YORK—THE PROPOSED DEMONSTRATION BV TUK self from the charge of partiality in his reports, State Convention, which mteis here tomorn-w, ara BRITISHRESIDENTS.—Wearegladtoseethatat arrivingfreely,andthereIsBOdoubtthateveryA»se*» the meeting of the British residents held at the and of playing into the hands of the Albany Re^ biy district in the Stale will be n^i »• - u l AstorHouselastnighttoconsiderthepropriety gency. We are bound to rtate, however, 'there will l>e bat one organization,*a<^ theOoorea of getting up a separate demonstration to wel- that thfc is not the only instance in which lion will b e calkd to order by Hon. John A Greeii, J' ,thewriterhasbeanaccusedofthiscotlrse.Uis Chairman<*theNationalHemocraticStateGums*site*.011 their orders; that labor Is in constant de- mand,andthatnewmillsarebeingbuiltonanother column we publish the letter of a re-VISIT OF THB PRINCE OF WALES TO NEW- porter of the Associated Press, vindicating him- The delegates to tbe Breckmn Vc and l*ne Demx/at*We assume that with each of the seven men aforesaid pa^y is nothing; personal dis- £**EagUadiscompetingsuccessfullywith appointments,prejudicesandsacrificesare Old England for the Asiatic trade. Great Britain nothing; and thai empty husks of party ab- willfind,aftershehasspenta.fewscoreofmil- stractions are nothing,weighedin thebalance coairersatioB, a committee was appointed to ob- lions in subjugating theHindoosaadbeating againsttheUnion, Wetakeitfor grantedthat the Chinm, that she aas^ere^ opened a mar- they are patriotic men, and have sense enoughof confidence. Whereupon the ballottiag com- sumedintheNewEnglandfactoriesthisyearis mented, and doubtle* the entire list was confirm- fully one third in excess of the old average. ed.come the Prince of Wales to New York, no de- reports of the Convention at Syracuse last yearA meeting of citizens opposed to the exten- sion of Chambers street to the East river wis held yesterday at Tammany Hall. After some,cision was arrived at The matter was referredto a committee, probably with a view of shelv- fair, and as misrepresenting the facts. For ouringitentirely,asitiswell knownthat alargeWe are assured by those wbo know that a fall r*al* aad electoral ticket will be ncmiaaud and that no rusw* will takeplace.R<rotations are already prepared eadoraipg Rr**- wrtdge aad lane, and the platform adopted by the Demo-Houston, and let them agree among themselves to withdraw from this canvass, and recommend a joint stock ticket to the people, including a candidatefromeachofthetwogreatsections of the Union, and Lincoln may be defeated.—» <REPORTERS FOR THE ASSOCIATEO PRESS.—InA caucus is being held at the Voorbees House to night. SIKAU>.S JOVKIAI. Otrica, August rj IM SNot bynumber of English residents concur in the viewsto tall another meeting of the remoitttraiits if ket for Lowell and Lawrence. So in hardware. to see and to know that the election of Lincoln expressed by us as to the impolicy and bad never retain in its employment any man agstast Ian i Institute, Baltimore.necessary. Our native manufactures are driving the foreign will gut the Union in jeopardy at once, and taste of marring the warm reception which our whom it is proved that he has misrepresentedThe funeral of Major Morton FaarehHd, a distSQ- goods out of the inarket^utearassat duties may speedily destroy it. They i l l know that citizens are disposed to give the Prince by any the proceedings of any convention or other Moweaasats or G t n c r a l W l l l i a a a W a l k t w . guMhedsesdtorofthewarwithMexico,tookplacewareabolished,iaatewyear,ouraiaaufac-thefixedpurpose,the"oneidea."oftherepub-exclusiveproceedingofthiskind.Thegentle- NEWOBXIAM.Aagwat«.1»*St-i* legal advice in regard to the subject, and aliocratic Natloaal OoaTenlioa which assembled at the MaryyesterdayfronttheCityHall. Adescriptionof farerswonWhavethewholehomefieldtothem licanpartyistorantoatslavery,notonlyfrom the obsequiesfatgiven in another column. •elves. the Territories, but from the United States, TheAregularmeetingofthe TammanySocietywas tevendistinguishedcandidate*aforesaidknow held)lasteveningattheWigwam, baseBell,Jr., iMeanwhile,farthefirsttimeinourhistory, thatMr.Lincolnispledgedtotillsprogramme.*.ai- of the Coniniiasiont rs of Public Custities aad our consumption has net kep pace with our that be believes in it; that he is an honest man,4. nectiou, vat elected to fill a vacancy in the i Untitled Documentproduction. Itseemsamonstrousthingtosay, anda resolute man,andwin notbedivertedC vatU of Sacaeau cjaued bjr the eketwa of |ut we are really saving money. The importa- from what he belifcves to be his dutv. unThomas M. Tryniski 309 South 4th Street Fulton New York 13069publicbody. Wewantonalloccasionsthe GeneralWalker'sexpedition,consMiagof6ve***** tenth, the whole truth, and nothing but the truth. and Svc hundred men, left the Utssfl of Ctowfusael««***www.fultonhistory.comi.bing it of a goodly sum, as in the case of the Thr North Carol lata State Klectloa. SUCCESS 0 1 TH* UEMOTSACV—LASWE GAINS TOR THGhim In his future career, as Telemachus, in thedays of ancient Greece, travelled with Mentor,crats have evidently carrleC the State.igenitor.genial and hearty welcome, neither bored withtoadyism norintruded upon with vulgarity, but SCHXLL—APFRSHENSIOK8 OF A BOW—TBS CAN-with that dignified hospitality which becomes a free and enlightened people.SvsAcrss. August S, IMS The Breckinridge partisans are gathering bore is fan THE NEWYOREY'ACHTSQUADRON-.—Thean- strength. Itwasatfirstsupposedthatthegatheringat The Douglas organs and orators, right and Uichael Tuomey.. .212 Grand s t . . . . { ^ J E ? ' * ^ nual cruise of the New York Y'acht Club com- the State Convention would be lean aad spiritless, bat itOn the other h$nd,. the organs and ora-torsoftheBreckinridge factionrepudiateDouglas as a trickster and a traitor,and a semi-abolitionist, playing away h ishopes, his fortunes and his followers, Into the receivingbasketoftherepublicanchurch.Mr.Douglas, meantime, is on his travels, here speak-ing to a boisterous company of serenaders, there F. Kclwages,. Jr .. 20 Outre market .Butcher.to the curious population of a country village, and next at a Yankee clambake, and every- where, on all occasions, and for all diseases of the body politic, advertising and recommend- ing his patent medicine of popular or squatter sovereignty to the people.Thomas G. Hall.. £11 Riviogton at.. Pianofortes.A. i.. Sliair 183 Washington st. Broom dealer.Chas WcCaity....612 Thirdavenue..Rumseller.The taxes in this city have been accumu- lated to such an extent by a succession of frauds, that every man who has real-es- tate in New York is frightened at the pros- pect o f th e destruction o f h is property byexcessiveburthens;forwherewillmenstop who are capable of concocting so outrageousCentral Railroad, ticketed through with free passes.Very little talk is had about candidates for Bute offices, Mr. Dickinson, Mr. O' Joaor, Col. Crain. o f Herkimer, aad sailing. Several races are on the tapis, and others are urged by their friends. The indication.- are thatHarrisBogertJames Bu> t ?John Van TineJohn MeConne'.l... 164 William st L.MVanWart...114AiuitystAbraham Lent Morgan Jones John Hogan75S BroadwayPearl and Centre..Plumber.127 Liberty s t Brush maker.Considerable sensation Is cause J b y the report tatt The Commodore, by the way. appears, for the Douglas fighting men are t o create a disturbance ia Co first time in twe or three years, in his celebrat- . rinthian Hall, where the (Convention meets tomorrow.ed yacht Maria,which, having undergoneal- It issaidthataUrge gang have been seat hereonUMJ 7fcSCiutonm'kt.Fi&hdealer.Therendezvous,whichisatWhitestone,near[GlenCove,will takeplaceto-day,andto-mor- chosentoMr.Schell'sConvention.174 Grand s t 2 uev atRumso'ler Restaurateur. Printer. Grocer. Tailor.row the cruise will commence, and extend over the customary ground to New London, New- port, or wherever Commodore Stevens may elect.It was said to night that Mr. BcheU would s o t be here to morrow at all. It Is reported that he promised Oev. Stevens,oftheNationalCommittee,atWashington,sot to interfere with Green's organization of the Coarenticaterations from a sloop to a schooner, is expect' ed to do some sharp things in the way of fasthalf-past nine and half-past ten. These meteoric pared with the sea of troubles which would en-displays, while they attract general attention, compass and swallow up aNew York penny pa-willengagetheseriousstudiesofoursavants perlaunchedundertheauspicesofWalker, peetedhereto-morrow.Ifhedoesnotwishtorun,prein regard to a matter of which absolutely no- Sanders orCo.. thing is known.men whose loyal feelings induced them to signthe call for this meeting may rest assured thatboththePrince'ssentimentsandth\irownin-terestInMmwillbebestconsultedbyleaving anuoutcedforagrandconcertlaSaratoga,onThurfxi*.? to Americans the task of receiving worthily the Eext, under th e direction of Uaorioe Strak-osch. It will sonofamonarchwhohas so manyclaimson eunder thepatronageofall thelaadtag fashionables,Soth ult. fur Kteare«aa.** Noa^arrlwaloftkeCaaadtas*iF Amn* PUNT, August e*-40 vourfriendshipand respectEuropeJ •— 'werecharged byMayorWoodwith beingun-jown part we can only repeat what we said a few days ago—that the Associated Press willADKI:SIP\TTIATSAEATOI.—ThtscharmingvrtaallttisIks return received from the election Is Iacclamation, but his wishes will be consulted. He >* ex ud an ti >• hotels are more Vbiaa usually now led it pro L«ses to be quite a brUttasX and rewraoeratire aftAirThere areas yetn^Mgu-of ih«etsamehipC*••* now ateoffUV«Pointwithe"neda)a-UT«••! >;a 