 wliich erery twatenarmy laysthe vlrtoe ofandrequired make aa\leeti«i then. Bepublican QoTemmtDt, and ihotiUSmSfP^"' that nature, thereby OenMroes to belie*,tainapopulation (rentmaior- fact, we are astonislvd at the audacny^cfBOtvery badly.your embarrassment to theproceedpolxt West of his intended tour.higher pleahas five Democratic are reconciled to tlic coiisciecoes of terriSed mer-chants.Charleston from Salem, Oregon, under date'.'.<L».*l.i«l •'!Kmfw^^mmmir»riatbej h»»e a thcon u to «helr noceaiiTe defeats ta»t try. This deefee is sigaed l>y Ouuubi. and coun-e yeBo-Pot^c Sitttee, iHon^as, Odidicf », llM.yew, mA are wUllaR to demonaCnta to every listenerBOW aoeident and tlie criminal kMtflwm Hamnta,to address the following BOre readily ainiUed In this case Inasmoch as It con- Self-denial has alwaya.boenW U> their li£<wt^MfcralifryDefUKeBoe of a Genenl caused tbem to be orei-Manm :fear Shouldthe(renct iKouUIs.are the ones to be afeeted.only If anywkelmed at Solferino.It Is the flattering uteUonletter to To tiK Illustrious Giufefft Marzmito the House we entertaindeed, an aignment ualnst jbeb capaclf^ '^,'ctrouble ilunild grow out of thia andand his Camarilla learnt aince 18S9 ?that concord which ishasSept! been perfectedSeoroobrtthat If the Austrians engage inthe French, the Royal and Serene Highnes**as slow and blundering as ever ! Nor wlU .""e Aus trian anny have any moral strength which itbefore. One reaaon that the aien, though brave, not the dash and i,>Iitt.of their enemies. that Iheyingvance and thevery natural dismay, butter of seems better to contribute a policy, itsaysfought ibr they kMir not what, except uie terthe chains of ttelr respective provinces "Jcandidate:It hasalready been intimatedBut who is it that is cruelly terrifyingaaya :SiCSrl^tedfuler. fteyor In IMS; will there be anythingspent Parisian dresses and Bepublican competitor, LooAir.bijouterie, the canvass for tickets, the laid for The ease with got them by the poct^ that they should dispUyhe has mo<Wb toand the Rui^ans, in spite of Warsaw, will not consent to go to war for a Govemmmit which they detestasmuchaswedo. Proasiawillnothelpher, for the, R^ent knows that by so doing he wouldMayagainst inclination at the North. In this instance, ing their absence.' Now, aa soon as Ltaoour iaaxairnaa cannot help her;atPresident could excite such a fervor. One journal, indeed, fondly imagines the youth that is to be Presi-dent in 1876, and specuhites on the halo of Interest that would surround him. But that is not to be. These pleasant anticipations have gone with the ex-election of Lincolhthe House^^Disun-to have been bomthat they have forgotten a great deal about it dar-homebyThe Kashville Gazette saysyour State, claiming 'there, bat;an|impos8ibility."WaMUwa adtkdraa; the aaatuaace of his protectionAOB Piadment, In that kour would pass away eventhe ntoesslty for a threat of war on the part af Aua-of Wales the acceptinghospitalities of the Americantosupporters of LiHcOLR and Hamluc, about one-at such a Post-oSJce in Sooth Carolina a clobofKlie precipitated, there would be but New-York Tnhme—uii was made up for thetria,natntuckmsComUCmoHCmndktMmasterwouli'believingtliat expeditionitsour recreant fellow one could -stibjects. Certainly,North,South forof the question any such scheme is aMditataa by the Emperor, or that he desires to limit the posieaslans of the lUsg of SaitUnia by keepingthe BouiMmon the throne, or by transfer- Neapolitanduce them to return furnish them with tot)ialr homes,from any plan yet harmony with the South Carolina b readythis latebut beUeved eventfulness of the tunes.periodthe means ofmake them commence the culture of their lands, with- out which all the next will be but a continuationyearthan a young gentleman of unpretentiousadopted,to be inof one re^ilarly constituted ; t^te in the affairs of an-Theseher sub.stance fattens them. ^Therewho raises a lock ofpoor, cotton,and — consequenceian inva.sion to<tk olacc without anv deelHration of war. the epresentative u; tl'e Kini,' (-*( Naples still be- iiii: hi 'I'tirin. The intervention of t*ieJmont is in contradiction to all the principles invoked by herself.''; is not a ni.in .sowhich seek, liy elec-ting tlif candidiitc it supports, such an objcrf as a dissolu-had Me saidIt,All the ilot.'thern Banks hace cloxedorof siili-'•the right of self-government the education of the is no account taken of foreign taxes, &c. It is to pay for cotton on bills of exchange, payable at The Richmondforthe North after the Sih of I^'ovember. because no " American Independence fought with halters round Suppose,however,italldoesnotexceedthesum SmlhernBankjrilltakeSouthernBankdraftsorventures thisthe different parties intoThere is a great dlflerence between the past an-tn-ougfat :ated, it was not only glorious, but necessary to make and let it be remembered that in iliis estimate theretowereheart^tUooeunctourage should be united in one bond. 1 know thatscale of the the preparations,soirees and balls, the would be ousted, and his seat'«»"?? P"Tih^ercC^za^rAA5i!-ashamed should be dayknown. Tell itnot in Oath ( No be obtauied for LiHcouf. It wUl be seen that the ask for information.'ico' or Santa Fe.' These InrkerawiU EettaiMsiBanUf'P''"'*in this creates countr)-thefurthestfiUeencertauivotes. lUuioUMercury,ofsow dissension Inand give tba Freocli an eaay conqueit of tba Rhine. There would be a^ne scientific siega of the Quadri- laieral, aut than Aostrlan rule in Italf would pass awayforaTel-. All this, bowever, la on the aupposliiontkattkefmushSaiperoraiippoita VicToa EiUNUELin hi*enteiprlsaforeonqueraDgItalianunity. Should columnofatxMit4,000 fergreat question c'ahnlyhowever, we are sorry to beUeve tbe New-Yorkersmay save themselves the trouble. The City is notthe Slate, and the the interior of New- thnrw off the madi, they will all be mietly fiu--alienate tfu* eomitry.Germany,3,1660.plodedcontent with the hard actual and present. Suffice it for him that he knows the candidates for tbe nextthese fellowspeople of and then the Blackcloserunion.;'i.shut up shop, and now refusepropiietyAdjourae* for the Term. The day Calendar for Monday, Bov. 5, will be made up next Friday. The Calendar for No- vember will be next Part II.—Noa.WS GovernmentanddangerstothelAuis,The ovationslooked forward to with would at least have theand four BUtckBis, Douglas Democrat, has">2. wUlof the Italianintending it, you divide A, Per-alreadylarge shate of what each is worth, than to lose the great-,ijtriumph Even withoutnot only by this act but by the entry into mission t<f accompany the column andthe Pa^ States King Victob EuAHirxL has violatedtileprincipleofneutrality. ThisarticlewUl, ao doubt, produce an effect in Europe, tHit, though it seems intended to cover some manceuvre of the Tull- eriea.'we do not believe that it portends any materialIndiaaddedtttouffiftydependencies. What,then.Is soasofthenotoriousary schemes, he failed. Helpee wrote hisfooting.majorityinvasion the Roman ofjirovince of laws. All that we wish for thegive youhweindicated vote for Lincoln in preference toyour words preach concord, and I doubt not that your acts "'sS'p^S' then, Austria to be met "yth* whole respond to your words. But all do not beUeve you, and there are many who misuse your name with the parricidal intention of hoisting another baimcr in Italy, Honor commands you to put an end to the sus- picions of some and to the machinations of others. Show yourselves great by leaving Naples, and youhopefof«^T£ce7th4 overthrow of her armies and theit ?" Is it the disunion thatistobedescribed to children of children yet un- admitted, gives the Black Republicans con- braggadocio at the South that induces them at thisfo^of herTSS^'remalnlnglooked upon as a matter o" ^-'^J^'y. doyour principal— maysayptTceivt tkmt- tktgamt teas ever, and wfmU rttvrejronithenmt^itatcdcmtfutMU. Wecannotsupposethatat totheChristianinhabitantsoftheDrusedistricts,in-.President and people, would have speculated onthepolicylittle tune toOe collect, organize, arm and be ready subscribers being native* of Saoth Carolina.' SamIwill find respect they desire.Thelor tliree months, willcotton the Union. The fear fromcrop, fate and periietuity of donderry-.-of his hack stealing tbeir hearts, and winningof the present season, of living on foreign alms by riacittpanotherfamilythantheHouseofSavoy. thewholepopulation. Somepersonssaythatthesecret caucus lastBut, If no change in tbe Imperial policy Is intended, then the article of the OnutitutUmnd, an abstract offlower of tlic Druse nation, headed by such of their sheiks as have not surrendered to the Turkish Gov-a madman, not because all have ceased to merelytafbr of the movement andof a leader or but commandant,city,ty, Gazzle, of Douglas County, jAjm Finnaa and W. C. HoLKKAK, of Waaco County, thmHto Charleston, S. C, aaichange of intention. - TlieStates is a month old, and the outrage on the King of move, and that more important intelliirence re- the Two Sicilies was accomplished when the first Ber- garding the .state of ulTairs In Syria can be bad in Bey-citizens ofthe United States is that they may become as much ernor,themselves for this contingent service willsignifj-items because,thoughI am at aGovernment have met with your approval. As re-gards the disunion which has arisen t)ctwcen theGovernment and GiRiBAi.Pi, the fault has not beenours. Public opinion leaves no doubt on this point.The Ministry, therefore, decided on presenting change a despotic for a constitutional master. Thei.sDo our readers lielieve the good people of Missis-off the 6th ber, and dinunion is threatened.tersigned by Oaispi. ^of his adminiatration in defianceacU of the newOne of the first Pro.eiot«tOf was:,mLZ a&ir, thoaesC fooUshlrmadeassertiiNu^to Its soul, and it is Uieamountoftroth. AccordlMtothetesU- ous. Ibelievethatyouteegmerous,andInowolTerlargeaaM-of witness the Austrian soldlera f""??' youofevery wiUi fellow-cltuens. Representative of the R<-pabIicanveiHweU.andItrequiresnolargeacquaintancecom- principle,andindefatigabledefenderofthatprinciple,. COLONIZED.tfceartof war to perceive that their generalsthe election go to the House it imder paying dear for the distinction. After soaie days' that elects. The u the present sume, however, that as fear is unscrupulous,TBI BOUTH A correspondentTO BE of theBut it will occur to every onevou arouse, by remaining among us, the mistrust ofibo King and of bis Hlnisters. This is why shooting in the prairies, he was to to St. Congress Black BenubUcans have the law of necessity, these bad practicesandedbat themtelvos that there is no reason tochance in this latter partlciUar. What have the i.m- presenceanromaelfmora reasonable, wiCs at that vote U caat according to the wishes of«himselfthesupremeobjectofpresedtinterestwithout ityoftherapreaentaUvesfromthaState. Shtwjd apeakoftheimmorality,oftheattempt, wepre- heldreqionaible."opportunityslKMringso to yourif notleast within more bounds, and tha Prince could feelto they shonld not know, are the ones who shouldW "•cause.form, then, an act of. patriotism by leaving thesebenefit of Nor is want of warnings.toprovinces. Add to former sacrifices a newthe couBtrv demands from you, and the country willCOLNjachkaedaitwIefretoret hegratefultoyou.one whichtreat it, and must treatThey laugh at the excesses of RepubUcaa loyalty.They pldlosophiie, they sneer, catch one licantheygive LiNotfLir the vote of Illin^the dreadedBl retieat it—even without intending it, you divideus, and it is tliat all the forces necessary nationalprinces, makingmillions of dollars to be in given to kis BUck tbe work of defeating Lincoln ? Has the Southwill take with >ou the praises of all honest mea. Isubscribemyselfyoiusdevoted,:Naplxs, Oct.traditions of be Royalty, and the citizen musUt^ink they may dan; special correspondents I am left aloneindeed ofare small. If theIt is much in- keystoneol the aich doessopneither of the StatesImpending Crisis,in some viaioa-in mycolleagues having taken to their tents and fol- lowed the fortunes of the French brigade. I am, how- ever, of opinion that beyond a pleasant climate and a rougn sort of plc-nic they will take nothing by theirtlie eain to be hoped for in these days ?ha.s his mission as well as the English Prince, and. when the American citi-all thewish some of tlitise who were soavehement " But let us suppose Mi.ssissippi out of the Union.arm m New- a candidate, if iie be is not that he will and elected,difheulty in obtainingdLsunion. it says she must have herwere here to test by facts the truth of these opinions.;amalgamationistslivesupportof hispowertl'.at :iny comparison bet'ween this and countryNor can elect candidates even havethe country are entirely diflferent.Thepeopleto i>eDepartment.She must haveSecretaries of State,II'entry of the Piedmontese troops into the Roman parison were possible*, it is certain that amongst the There wouiti be a contest for all thesemustdo it ill self-defence.remodeling of the Toronto University, he was pointed to the honorable office of Chancellor, but sub-belter classes property and life are quite as secureState*, Sardinia likewise violated the principle ot here as in the oltl country, or rather quite as secure ofTicesgloriousand such a canvass woultl be entered1States, Li.NCoi.N and free-nigger outrider adv ance theirap- He was also a member of theweakenei! at home and abroad. It only remained tous, tlierefore, to address ourselves to you, not thatyou Bught judge Gasibaidi, wtjo Is not salqect to Toor armorial bearings. Here, then, at least, is the headexamin-dtiun, out ourselves, over wtmm you nave of their race, and the visible link of a known chain chosen in Charleston,n:mie of the Italian Parliament. lai. territory as an indemnity has of. 1 o tins report I give a formalself anout in its mood. pratji^alspoken addTthat been uccomplLshed mv cession of territory will become impossible. Notnxlvor not, times fly for their lives. Wisely theycom- At noWho could them blan^eOn markswhen the annexation shall have apopulationof24,000,000..\nattackagalnstRomeable tospeaking—Ukrie Smith waa arVenice has also been spoken of.Eternal City should become theas regards the means to that end. we shaU besay in what condition we shonld be six months hence The revolution in Rome will be accomplished by thecivil arson,)i;ive soineihmffThe cession of Ital-beeneot butsigiJficani. the Americanstarve,rob, steal anti murder light,agala denial,This is all It is charac-brigand starvingBallSaitk.andwill be able to ask such a cession from acoimtrv vulth tenor of recent Eng^h history would seem to exemptHelenairar ici/A us No. The "A vast number of negroes aie now being rested and held to ball oa a dutife of picking pooksticonviction that liberty la favorable to relicnon. Re- hi n.-ion. the citizen Isurpasses the subject.IIwork with her sister of States, until the burthensshouldspecting Venetia, Sorqie does not wish that we should 1make war upon Austria. We must take into con-"any practical change. Our present evils are no( of ion Mercury publishes the following paragrapn,with desire that theshadow that she believes; 6.South for a market.the election of Lincoln may mlotjioa.slkgc-coach. Obtaining ball ihe waa not fixtb-Wecapital Italy. ButAU who are inbroughtincomiog to answer the ckwge, and her baU was te- ieited, she having escaped to Boston, as Herofmayruin, desolation,uiter destruction the ofand the Scnith, shoidd "go for dis-*?f that mysterious power which has enabled a few sideration the opinion of the great Powers. We must lamilies to command for many ages the reverentialSIfreoppressive asjustifycaptionbring about a change in this opinibn. Europe believeshoniaeeoftheclviliTed world. It is not for those whoWe e.vtract Mount Steriing (Ky.)»1,000., u*Incapable of delivering Venetia alone. Let us Me1est the clilefs of Indian tribes ancient families tracethey know the seats of"sixandtwelvemonths of scession in case of Lincoln'.-*power. Should you support us vye shall go to meet which may not have come from jEheas or Obm, but tremLits and only (thefire- or munitions var ofGA11UA1.VI, and present to him the order of the day proposed by your Committee, which you will approveand which we with aU our acceptjI;one.editor of that! Is not this tnie? Let every honest man .inswer the question.5. W7i( n disunion and civil war what comes,like a nightmare over the business of the country Elect John Bfll, and reassured conlidenpe in tl.e?; her of the cniltl, and upon motion, made befiMVjaa- tice I tcxisp. ^' Chambers of the Supreme CooAMb-was dismissed aad the chai »•-hearts. Wo shall off-ethlin our hand, and invite him to union in thehistory.I it of habras corpus;theypedigreesdisplaywhich certainly spans half the period of auUientictheupon Id.vcOLM's election. Anothercandidatewhowasfor secessiongentleman usual vicissitudes. been exposed to more thanliim-bacon,nocom, perpetuityRepublic prosperityp<'i'-care.Kings in these days have to fight for their ttirones, and some-Id to the respondent'smand in wars and entertain grandideas.terIt is South Carolina? Would stopthis :subject(Ark/iand ifourSoverelgiLsfromthis dangeroosprominence,the Americans still regard Gioaos III. as a mighty wrong- doer, and the un-siiccessful champion of an Old World idea. No wonder, then, that in mere curiosity, not unmixed with awe, and in the desire to find out some- Uiing in tlie royal vUitor not obvious to vulgar appre-time were they more before theworld:theto herSouthern sisters tliat she yet believes more in the starvation here,substancethanin the ideaisabsurb.Matter of Lizzie Smith.summonsahow ourselves united, and that opinion will change. t 'r'^Yi'"' hear of thcni only across a hemisphere, or births to revolutions. Thqy are Tuit such as toIt il untrue that the Venetians are peacefully s-ubmit- tli» to their destlnv. Austria has flattered them in vm&» Fllblic opinion will change not only In France and Klf***^! hut Germany also, which is becomingmake us feel that there are none in Mlore greaterThe merehants of New-York, under the al:iraiiis'or to i.ej;roestl'.;itliber*!, VP^ I" ^ °^ lavor." Count CaTOCa conclude4 byare not so serious as to make the South feel that all the horrors of a revolution are prefera- ble.":State from out theircimying political view.s_amitil certain:lr?almaking an appealfor« »e'TM« thanhe and hissentiments hi the election of Lincoln. jngtlKiw,stipulations and gislog certain seeortty.The People ex rel Smitk"^nl ifiBi-T.—Judgmeat fcrTbeMiierof ^0eday of the Committee renderttig cestbrs he c, i the''/''o possessionstributed one million ofhas been raised from the lirst h;ilfdo/.en merchants'in this State:of, JO„ assembled at Canmrgo. with flags'1 'auadiaiLscoula tldnk of something else ;theywe are every foction.ef- of thatof uis an- hoBUMft'lo QhMOMtH, and unanimously expressing Shatox o? i ""' "•'" <-ncountered a denserThe Nashville Ummdollars,SUP&BMX CODBT—CHAMBEBS.their aMIovat of the project of law on the annexa- tkBia.'was then Mit to the vote by ballot."tSb result waa IM in favor, and 6 against the pro- ject.afOlazsiBl.GtzetU of Naples of the 4th hist,(Brecki.iridgo) talks after We should have lew fear of the adminlatrationthat were what they areit will be remembered, slabbed a boy of Wii.so.x to. This is but a wample of Macpin's last FalL "The a&ir will, of course, beThose men re.illy suspect vigorously inquired into, and the participators|ji!»d.'"iV,;ir:js-i^i';>:|L*a7i';^ smuggled into his carriage, cut off h^^^.^ i^iabout opposing;princes evervdayto estimate the curiosity of Th ?*''" ""'^ "rough newspapers and books.action whichmen to ann» .ind gives."<-K„HSouJm .1?''ant el en >h" ^i"^' import- The PriiVo T.,^'"''! f"',"''"= King. But no .^ner SoeaSrPIlEaETExa.^Tte arehaiVt'T/'' 't"''supposedring-leader; a be- boy| 'S}'t'o?jr^;ite°r"is in earnestbut we wish to take express our disapprobation ofnation, by compromis- indlspensabieio the ad-for him atprepared the great cltierf wereRepublican representatives Moe-To their mwbid apprehensions, as a mat-writinf6, details a planthere and in California, to send AbolitioB enoan.GIORGIO PALLAVICINI." We mtend to meet this—look the danger m the face. The problem of thefairly inangnrated, and thin^ have aettfaitI The French CaaipBlgn In Syria. Corrtsfmtdenee of the London News.atownof the Union will notsolved by the fanatics of the North, or the Dis-BiTanirfOen. Havtpoul atarted on the 26th, with aFridav, Sept. 28, men, Deir-el-Kamar,16S0.these ceivedsuchanabandtmmeatofprianipieasaPrince greatbodyofthepeople. Justnow.-asitappears man,tosaythatifthe"AbolitionWide-Aw4ke" Carolina,hareacceptednattrea ofgoolkwhich my previous lettera must have made ersprettywellacquaintedwith. Ihavethebestrea-us, there is arrayed against the Union, as thesons for onlT—object of tusctiancehall of the,unionists of the Southiir. J. D. White writes to the Leinster WaUh- the world thatmiscreants,the Iis to restore confidencethe other half and all the opposed tp them. This is not so bad aarebuilding their houses, and endeavor tohalf, orly to thehpw much of trick, how much of oldwho now de- clare it is their intention to act as I hare meatioa-nigitreunion,At a time when the Sardinian Cliambers are debating ernment, has assembled at a place called Neha. some British Isles who would wish to see the thewhichFepnbliabedyeeteiday.is withoutmeaning.on the annexion of Southern Italy this semi-official there ofler tight to the French force. On thehopeat all theseJournal appears with a diatribe against the invasionof Sardinian troops, and declares that Naple* byVicToaiA, Lord Palmibstob and the British Parlia- prised, not at the small ofwhoseservicesare to lieman who oncehaving become connected with HELPlE,the attAorthree hours beyond Deir-el-Kamar. and that they will—we are sur-and efficient men, mounted andmore)proceed immedtaieiy 'wait for tostrength of this expected fight several amateursi Eng- lishmen, of course,) have asked and obtained per-Undiana, enough Ohio and Pennsylvania, but surprised that theypossessedconsiderable bat wealth,had crossed Me Po c( Borgo Forte, ielow Mantua. The Prince' has now into the States. I arrived visit to the United States. It may prove to that touchynati Gazette" If our institutions are aatrvxg gotThis may be premature, but a forward movement of at Detroit a few hours after him, and the opinions ex- the Austrians would not take people by surprise, as pressed by Americans upon the sifbject of the royalvisit are worth noticing. I think the great majorityfor some time past troops and military stores of every of ]«opIe here disapprove of the ftiss made with her own flesh and blood. One look at the Princekiud have been traversing Venetia. With all that has about the royal youth at Detroit. They com- of Wales ought to conviace the citizens of the United lately occurred In Italy, and the provisions of the pletely understand and appreciate the Queen^s de- States that England of 1860 and England of 1770 are treaty of ViUafranca repeatedly set at nought, Austria termination that her son should travel -in the very ^fferent things.THE LATEST NEWS.BV TELEOBAPH TO QTTlSKKSTOW'f.says:doubtless considers herself released from all the obliga-tions ceotracted with the Frenci Emperor. Moreover,she has good reason to Itnow that tbe Governments judgment of the American people. Above all things,Advertiser as followsdemagogues, ;States as a private—gentleman. Every man—some of them workpeople is anxious that the Prince, who will some day be King of England, should form a justmade recently at in Lauderdale days of yore, the cry of disunion and secession secede from the Union, the remaining power ot Cowpen Springs, was,mamajorityofmstances,onlytheempty theConfederacywouldbeinsufficienttobiiagtkea County, Is reported in a letter to the Montgomery babblings of the fanatic or the but to- back and this will perhaps be admitted. But wksshe should make an attempt to recover the territory Prince himself is somewhat young, they say at allsiie has lost, and probably considers the present o^ events those about him have sagat^ty enough to seeportunity as good as any. Tbe Emperor but the other through their outnard pecnllarlttes, and to find that•lay made a speech at Marseilles shout the beauties the Americans are much more civilixad and refinedand the certainty of peace. This was ominous. than people In England commonly suppose. I con-From that moment people made up their minds that fess I hope for the same result. It is really impossible 68f. 9Sc., or 20 centimes lower than war was imminent, and wtiat has happened since ra- to (::.timate the injury done to England bv those whother corroborates their fears than otherwise."have w-ritten travels in this cotmtry. These lucubra- tions have unfortunately tended to keep up that iirita- tion which t>egan at>ttie time of the Declaration ofThe Presse contains tbefollowing;plea separation, which gives vs all the availablenothing tn;t the old contest between the friends of concentratedslates are not ; theydisposed, there/ore,to tke pay\ French In PoiieyItmly.The semi-official ComtUutimmel of Parisand has been continued ever pub- since. It seems utterly impossible for an English-the advocates of separate distuict conservativewhose true interests th^R^ard, will show sooM desire to cooperate by ti^Qj^, them uniforms aad furnishingthemwitharms. Someplanterswke have b^n consulted on the havelishes an article, signed by M. BovirAca, on the inva- sion of the Neapolitan territory by the Sardiniantroops. Thefollowingisasummary" I'be principle of independence of nations wtiichman to realize the fact—that living fact here—that all men are politically equal. The poorest man considers himself equal to the richest and the ooost powerful. This may seem a dangerous doctrine, but the practi- cal consequence is simply this, tluit you must speak totake placeon the 17thpowers, eignStateauthorities.crationofthisright. TheNeapolitansandSicilian.':will find' every person as civil asdirectly,• if GAiUBAU)! and that of Sardinia there is a dlfl^erence. Gaubalsi came to raise and to directsuit the American ideas, and the result is ill-nature, and sometimes insolence. Now, if those who ac- company the Prince can only discern the peculiarBut. with the South united aye, with a single seeking to become the chief man in the Union,night, Independentof hisas member of the:The .steamship Melita. from New-York, arrived here jcsterday.The Europa, from Boston via Halifax, arrived at Queenstpwn yesterday.THE QUESTION OF THE DAT.Will the South Secede?—A Calcalatiou af the— ofCofit Sigus Ketnrning Reason.pnttTS intoofiered to aubscribe, but the home large,najoritynot shown a disposition to, give anything at all. This shows a short-sightedness which weai e regularly constituted admits any dynastic changeswhicii are brought about by internal political rcvoiu- every man as your equal, and must avoid assuming in tion.s. The principle of non-intervention is a conse- manner any kind oC'superiority. Act in this manner,thexr decision- Keep out Abolition spies and emissaries and we The people, as a people, voting at the polls, can no notand^ouhad a right to make a revolution in their but Fnglisbmen. however, as I myself have witnessed,by not be brought before the voters in this election.Independence;and silver of Europe will come to Southern cotton and the ships of Europe will come to carry it away, even if Lincoln should be elect- ed, and we should secede. ^The South is entrenched behind her cotton bagspossible. country, constantly and very naturally assume that there is po-.South.In case of secession, we shall have more thanit does not belong to any foreign State, no more to .Sariliuia tlian to Austria, to intervene In their internal "affairs, and. hy military intenvention, to give Them boys," as they arc called^at hotels, as if they had a new political existence. Between the invasion some natural nght to dictate to them. This does not—half the crop on hand and all the world clainorii% it. No candidate is running to be made President denly in 1'orkville, near Toronto, C. W., on Tuesdaygreat—cotton Slate to lead the way to independence all to wield the belonging to lativethe rmialgamationists in the world cannot compel its chief magistrate, and his fate and fortune, " honorable " in his own IU.S to submit to their odious and hideou.s pro- more than that of any citizen, is linked witli the of Lord John derevolution in the mterior. It was not witli his bauds characteristic of this countr>-—the obstinate convic- that he could conquer a people numbering lO.tXiO.ono. tion that all men are politically equal, and tile deter-powers legitimatelyCouncil,liiical inequality. They order about the waiters—Theycannot vote or evenexpresstheir on opinionsHon. Peter Boyle de Blazmere, who died sud-He wooW only communicate to them the proper spiritin their struggle against a Govcrnmeat stamped .sithunpop^ilarity. The Sardinian invasion Ba.s quite a dif-leren* character. It constitutes a direct iniervi ntion <mly tliatin tlieir opposition to ttie Reform Hill of last sessionShe must lla^ea Oovemmentotlcr independent i^tate. Strange to say, the Sardin- It needs not many days in this country to ascertain Cong;res.« (who would call it a Lcjislalureright, being Blazmere,youngest comity,mination to act upon that conviction—tlieyno 1Tliecool calculation of the cost of;theirthreatand tne material aid which poUtical factionists CbaV E. KirkUd to take theSSouth, are extending to produce that result, broods Kirklilu now reported in favor of the respoadMll^tlOur citizen cousins also see in tliis young an example of that Royalty which has latelyIjII,eating journal,Mercury,)openly proclaimedHe wantst(> see in the face and bearing of the youth some traces thecouiitrY sellini; ofl Iheu sla^e.-.."'rapidly KF.VTUCKY.had befriendedor fare worse. She, however, siioceeded ingettiag new bail, Mr. Christian No. 64 SiUUvaa- street, becomiirg her surVetoy.geTWhfe bail was fixed at'° "'«' and of them railways, mSiyand cluhs, coL.v.the streets, hurrahing for LlN-Bo.xKiY,Eyre et al vs. Moore ethustfSl several into the waVr,themade atemblems id cotors moreforts toparadingWrits were issued onof the Governo, whe"e ,t n^^iTe ic -General narrow^t.othama task, as diverting, by no good, but may be of mcalculuble harm. "SK isthe gener-55"* '^'S ?°* '^°!f.?^?'^^ wSSllwastosee a teenvotes ate toBeyrout, all'not give thethousandit will not bo the fault of theandeulii^ priceago. election,everywhere and atmosphericfreely,hopelessof a free Stat* creatSPECIALread-shouldaaglieri landed at Naples iind when Admiral Peiesano rout than with the camp.took the command of the Neapolitan fleet. Tlie pre-cise teodencv of M. Bomfack's composition we have, THE PBINCE INTHEVAITED STATES. hardly know ourselves when we look at our second less for evil ; besides, his party is built of the most however,stilltolearn. Itmavbeonlyacontinuanceof the decent hypocrisy which began with the with-drawal of the FrenA Minister from Turin, or Itiaciicate that Piedmont is to be allowed to pursue itspolicyEnglishTHE SIGHT TO SXCEOE.Judge FjiXDZRiCK GRiaut, a natire of Soaih.may under conditions which Napoleok is to dictate.—Americaii Charaoteriatica Conianeuts ofprogress. The Prmce of Wales is a bit of the true stock, and shows them what they have all come from.compositionground work is combustible in its nature, and willThey mayC'^mspondence ofthfLcmdon Times. PAais, Oct. 11.7 A. M.eventofMr.Likcoln'selection. Itremarks ":A telegram was received yesterday by a commercial hou5e here, anaouactfi^ tkat an Austrian araof 40,000majoritiesCarolina, but now a resident ofof Judge Thos. S.Gkihek, m a letter to the Cincia-Senaibie OpIoIoBS of an Eneliah Traveler encousins. They have clearly another ideal, towards incompatible materials—nothing congruous, noth- which they develop as their own law of growth and ing harmonious in their ; the veryThe Atlanta Confederacy claims that it is a great mistaketo supposethattbeSouthintendstowait for an overt act tiefore taking decisive steps in theof ' returned Califomians' and ' old OregoniaBa.*Dodolas, but they will secretlrthe British Press.From the London News.The following is an extract from the private let-The quieter he is the better he shows what the gentleman ought to be. imd the American also.' No- body can quarrel with him there, even on the score of obtrusive talents or showy service. The Prince has made many friends in the New World, and evidently not one enemy. That alone would t>e w-orth a Royalexplode as soon as any addition of the simplest ele-ment of national is made. policyWe have been patient heretofore under the sin-of we must lietalkcirculate Scmneb's speeches and Hxlpeb's book.ter of an English gentiemaa traveling in America:;Executive elected by a mino-"the eisrhl cot-Ohio, ;nda brotkerChioaoo, Saturday, Sept. 22,rity, iftheir authors with them into theoft)eQt'On terminating her have prepared, and probably they are bent upon convincing him that they are notbrought to maturity, their plans for an insurrectioiiary the barbarians tliey are often supposed to be. Againmovement in her provinces ; and at Vienna it is and again 1 have heard them rejoice that no demon- The funds are at thedoabtieie well known where large quantities of arms strations have been made, and that the masses have stationary to-dayand stares are deposited, ready to t>e drawn forth at behaved in the streets of Chicago with perfect de- prices of yesterday, with very little business. The so help him God he would not submit, and thatthe first sigpaaL Among tke rusnors wkick were ajloatcorum. I myself saw the Prinoe In a low openchanges shown in the Bank return are regarded moretke natureofourconnectionis happilysuchastodis- pense us from using bnfte force in order to briafone also was that the Austrians had crossedthe Mimeio. This also may be premature, but in thestate matters tliere nothing would ^surprise us. A in common clothes with Iwtons. The truth is, theprivate letter from Turin, tliroughr Marseilles, an- Americans feel very bitterly the Injustice of ^tween £25,000 and £30,000, has been taken this day swer was noble and grand, and nobly was it an- nounces that large armacients have been' ordered English travel^s and tourists. Idke those from the) Bank of England for exportation. The swered by the crowd. One old gentleman, whose by the Piedmontese Government, and that the day who estimate tire English morality by the New- Railway share market is dull, preparations for the whhe locks and tottering form indicated that he before the departure from Paris of the Sar- gate Calendar, English writers, who should forlnightly settlement attract attention.dinian Minister with a supply of SO,g0O muskets and have known better, have put together allII,ON,oeo percussion caps was granted by the French the eccentric stories of American lifie--at whichGovnnment to its ally. It is further said that the the Americans laugh just as heartiiy as foreignersFreacii army at Rome Is to tie increased to iO,0<]0 men, —bnd call such collections pictures of Americanand the garrison of Lyons put on a complete war- manners. Now, it is the earnest desire of the great panied by the Prince Regent, the Princess FaasxaicK 'youngyetter^sty,pass up Michiga4-avenuewith thatsatisfaction than otherwise, but It has transpiredajfiirther large amount of gold, rumored to be be- and fortune against Saracens or Hoots! His an-Tlie Richmond Examiner discusses the falseissues on which it is proposed to rest the canvass you back. If youfor the Presidency. The great danger of our gov- better out than in this tune-honored Coafedeney—barouche and four horseswith no other protection than ten or twelve policemenEn^-ttothc4<urties in viewthat ttie entry of the Sardinian troops into the States ot povemment.of the Church was principally directed against the in-flneuceof Gaxibalsi. Now, on the contrary, it has case. I have conversed with Americans and English- bo tiu'fd. It would not do for Mississippi to issue It is bragged that the hay crop' and thepuiposes throughthe officerstheywhere he commandedt>e<x>me evident that they go to aid liim. M. Boniface deploree the conduct of Sardinia, which is responsible before Europe for the initiative she has just taken. The European Powers constitute a juri.'^diction which is naturally alarmed at disturbances of this kind. Itand tliat, indeed, the enormous material prosperity of the West onto Europe to redress forgotten rights, and to remind the government which has devlatett from tJie prosier course of the respect due to the laws which are binding on all States, because founded on justice, oiviil7.ation, and the interests of the people.Important Speech of Connt De CaTOnr. The discussion in the Turin ParliamenC on the annexationswascontinuedonthe12thinst. Count CATaos acknowledged that the discussion of tliat law-POIST.'^ TO UK THOUGHT Or «V1 HS SOfTH.appertainsto preservation ofmen settled in this and assure me that— a.s our cotton lettheGrizzlyTamer,^moreproperty is <iuite as safe here as in England;thatj' them do without the cotton and make out onthethe circumstances of the All this would costand must with vilebellion was thought to deserve nothing less than ex-termination, and when a great Empire could devote thirtjr-thnee people5C0,000the loss will hebefore the xix'/i of alt an issue in the to theall its resources for seven years to the forcible sub-jection of those whose hearts had been utterly alien-is three millions 01*^ dollars to one million of peo- Irom this cause alone. This is below the ''ligure;—and the religion of the old. The herties ofyoung onlyfi'rneral purposes,as a Tuition. '^'higprophecy : thatnutonein a. thou-ready Thursday. 1150.IJ2f,1624.162»,1630, 1632,1636,1638,1644,IMg,we dynasties by dozensold;"'Virginia Federal office-holders resign? Will Col.and at this moment we are ac- tively sympathizing with a people struggling to ex-Bioofr. or Mr. or Mr. Aylrtt, of this Harrison,j Hea-he w««:sippi are going into this absurd disunion movement,as one 7 Itit might judge their policy. This is the greatest future chief of a free, con.stltutional and self-govern- at stake, and too •'much intelligence, to risk such paythemselTes before the Parliament, in order that Prince of Wales appears in the United .States as the homage that can l>e paldy4o any man. The Crown, ing He Ls also the cldef of that nation-money There is not bacon and cornclaimed custody of her grandson, alleging that of birth, and that her daughter,after mature consideratiCU, refused to accept the offerconsequences. The Union it safe."THE SOUTH CATtOLUl'A LEOIPLATaBZ.pre- bera of the South Carolina I,pgislature, lately We have no muskets, no rifles, no caimon, no"^V.^t*o^to^t ^"^ '"doc^made by as to tender our resignation, being of opin- with the British Isles. In that proportionitj^tutedhe purchased tn the Richmond market at from tiro'>e"^"it^i"sck onJ'lSStreceive/Oim ^^^^lifiX^~country ion that Government would tliereby be too much they can still talk of patriarchs, and name with inter-one C.M. an arost, and f JenKS,P^geuiaapeople. greatality wtilch the L'nited States share in almost equalwith his care. SheIfo'ihr^.°jKsffs;pr«:a.^&rh^:i^^way staUan. .ehna to the carriages, opened the win- to shapedows, gaaed Insatiably, and were onl]rAaken off 'br of the utnfactiedpH^nr of his partisans. LiN00I«-<ra #0the motion Of the departing train. At etcry staUoa the woold not. *electiotf go rery aerioaafean tUat it•tempt reason hfd any negro within hearing to douU itfMli- Evert' whitejnan present knew bettCT thenem^ :>"saate sce^ne was repeated, and aathce Prince nasaedtlmwgh prinaeval fcrest or rude dearinc, throm, soU-tudaorImptovements,heexehangMQCtanoesevery wouldremitintheelectfcmofLisoour Seren* gOTemment—anioMlttooieMrdioalj^eweof haveneedlesslyled PrinceofWalesandJeUItfortharestofthoirUve^ EachSutehaabutonevoteintheHofseand tberural oftbe EmailftPfenrIn whatlauntrtie,andwhat,evenffuweretn»At Chicago cnrioalty,deed. TheEnglish gentlemanBepublicans fifty November,majority plat-book, plan will be appointed tahis intentiondiscussion. The paiwrs of the Bekckineibok. The oftheir anyUnion know not how to u-eat the subject, but dowouldTliat would be sixteen votes for the Black Repufc-Presidential electionobiects of a tender and i^ffectionate interest.will Republi- heraUT it t*'the office of ~— and, tlMit;nor can they be fri<jiuetud by Southern thunder." can Press throughout tbe North.') ; and she must have Ministers and Ambassadors.j1!on the Southlatid i^ utterly impracticable. The circumstances of She mu.st have ;in army and navy, and a PosJ-office but has a loci; on a half do7.en mouthspuirirfiil.t(}grated t<4(;ai?^da in 1^37.Ourpie have not sftight to exercise this treineiKious Al. BoMrAcx then endeavors to show u'lat by the governed are entirely different. But evendf a com- War, Navy, Interior, and Postmaster-General. power, but the time is near at hand when tlieyhonours. InIf his are neutrtility. Cotmt Cavodb gave it to be understood as it would be possible to make them under any form upon as was never seen on this Continent before. elected, we must not submit. We must leave thewe have, say,millions oftliis ;canvass,Bki.i.,ple,—Honsav.only;tofor it.in the Gulf States to feed our people niilil the 1st of March. We have to buy from Illinois. Ohio, Indiana, and other Northern States, or starve.vii^eMaryland,the lo.sers'd'disuiuon Ixdall ti:( !byher, and was ordered to find new balkas itnow stands in the Union. When out oferery cotton buyer knowx U.le;tst iiiriuence on the decision the -.vill poopleCourt Calendar Scrp.KMf: CooRT—CiKCCii Part I.;North itscountry, they her 'Treasury notes,' for she "pwes five millions ice crop' are worth as muchSuch can never seek by partiesconsideringmoneyscore now, and she could get no credit un-free-negroism, to shift for itself. 'woiiid tie Impossible if this security were' not attained. til tlie.se arc paid up. Indeed, standing alone, Hut of this at some future time. w ithout the protection of our national flag, Holland Prom the Londnn TiirfS. might send over here and bombard some seaport The Prince of Wales is now among a people whose (Mississipjii City, for instance.) and compel theand 'the iceh;iy crop' crop.' Southern men ureiphite men :in(i intend to continue such !"The Examiner.ilarni timid, peaceable raen,'^ by makingItboast it is to have shaken off the yoke of his fathers, paymentof those old Union Bank bonds to HoPEi ;correspondentof theAtlantaand the ils puttingAndrewB.Hutchinson,a son of Jesse Hntchki-Co.. of Amsterdam.and to have repudiated Uie right of inheritance uponwlach he stands. There was a time when the boast Taxation,then,wouldbetheonlyremedy and had its merit, and even its moral power. When re- thatwouldbeprettyhigh. Our(Jove.-nmentnowco.sts one hundred millions in its adiuiiiistration ;I 'it, ta one wiy or other.panic that must follow, at the North, dissolution of the Union.offices, and disseminate tbeir peculiar doctrines, iaelection. The writer" Knowing that persona from the Northern At- lantic Sutes are scrutinized rather closely m Ike CoUon States, the Abolitionists have determioedSixty years ago, politicians, if they could have eoB-;it must be solved the bya moresion of these hard reasoners and vigorous politicianstherefore, says:In this connec- somewhatnotimaginelikelyinstrument for the conver-We Ulk of the Northto thiscording programme,raentation to our population.afibrd an quite aa(-full of instinctive best kindness, with theso, asnearly poUticallyI know several in persons Oregonword a voice. But say that with mild look and gentlespringto thefor such a ceased to desire it.but because all have There is not a sane man in thelookmg of the movement the fanaticalzen sees the first of his race, he may feel a form. There is magic in the word gentleman tariff,and the'Yaakeereverence, an admiration, and a loyalty bevond themen who still vote for Sihon Snydeb for (Jov-and Cen. Jackson for President.cross has crept into the American breed, arid we decreasing majority in the House, he is power-tent nobly to fill the position of officers." GEOBOIA.race how little we wish tothe limits of reason there is not awould not gladly concede to secure her from a quarrelQueenVictobia and PrinceAlbebt, —but the effort on the pan of the Statemajority, and the effort of the opponents of the Bangers." In discussing the movement, it says :quarrelwith them. WithinliOKDOH, Saturday Evening, Oct. 13. closingstrain of eloquence,|that come weal or come woe,never to submit to the rule of or Lincoln, anyother Black Bepublican President." yiKOINIA.cause it is a saiisguard against civil war, aad snatches from us the temptation to enter into it.COLOOXX, Saturday, Oct. 13-1:30 P. H."The real issue of this canvass isjnot union orof Americans to use tbe Prince's visit as a WiuJAii and the young Prince, have just passed Co- honestly believe, exceptDouglaslead-As Austria clearly considers tbe Treaty ofVUlaftanca null and void, it is not astonisliing that means of correcting these false impressions. If the logne on their rettirn to Brussels, where they will dissented from Gen. Walkkb's speech."remain to-morrow. On Monday Her Mi^ty willDemocracy is to maintain the power of the Federal " We have in our midstmen of muscle aad6 proceedtoAntwerp,andembarkthereat P.M.foryGovernment,thoughit be theagentof ades- mind,who know theirrights,and dare knowing,England. PAais, Saturday, Oct. 13—3:2S P. M.-<^ The Bourse has been heavy. Bentea closed atthis view of affairs":"The great Powers, with the exception of England, have signified to the Court of Turin that they wiU not recognize the blockade of Gaeta."The Patrie states that the entry of King VicreaEmanuel into Naplesexpenses ofmHitaiy outfit ; theyarewillingtethe amount would be treble that sum requiredhereafter make on thedown, policyput out their bills mitting to Republican rule.—this character.the annexed (wragraph I'loni theH'Aicon Satuniay mghtI'i'Deoialaas. COCBT—SPECIALfor us, whendismembered and a preytoa/.—An or- atiil oaring :iny white man to interfere with der may be entered: stajing plaintiff's proceedings aa-Theythein. WiLLiAil B. ASTbK, we are informed, has con- them, includingMondayfor 35 ofithis wise "T.ioXAaa, J.— pavnysnt of costs.Steere et costs.SUPFBIOR COCRT—GENERAL TERM. Beneiict vs. VanderHU.—Case to be argued beforefull bench.SCrSBlOU COtJltTultraist,600 votes out of about 2,500.theyall oi ei the land"Shield re-Engttirer:4.pared for itsplemiidl)States shall be soUnder thewhich will be of interest to the Kuision Committeethey areonlyfour are with the cx- bacon and flour to feed an army. No implementstefflmog^^:somcbiniywill t>eseverelypointthat£!ngland offailure,hersell, proclaimingwhile at'tear, slamaiitn,bethe latter, is to remain in the ffnion, andfavor of robbery,far worse evils than any to^flow fromtherethe mere tlcdion of any President ; and that the most effectual, constitutional, patriotic plan to ob-yesterday.Cotton waa stiffer yesterday, in full view of the rightful independence and sovereignty of the hitherto in organizing into military con^uies. secession, than it has been all the season. Peo- separate States. These are the true and tmques- The reason is obvious : they have no property imwillLivxsFOOL, Simday, Oct. 14.TKXNKSSEK. Memphis Enquirer (Hell)soa Loa- When very young, he entered the NavytoThey do not call for that decidedWho's Afraid t" the Chai les-henceof Sewabd than of LiKOOUt. The Now Senator has much more experience in political lijeSouth—or a small portionproperlyle.iru, no occasion for alarmone term in("ongrona. He has a much more thorough acquain- maiority. Are the moneveii men ofthan liiNCOLN, who has served butrepresentative man topaiiics, that tl-.ev</thi:should bleed themselves soThepubliihes the decioo appointing1'Aii.Avionii TanruLito Pro-Dictatorstead of M^.-Gen. Smroaj, who roluntaiUy resignst'e pet ij devote himself to the defence of the coun- window, scmUnisedsvery Jepart'ire, fiu-yi {ho rail- cao Uavs, SsWAua ones in power, he might uare A'. :h: 'j-j;.:.- of ticvY^'k sj '.untd uni }» Lincoln in trier to.»tt all the ti-jpves fr(t,Officialretarydrowmng,whecL'. The multitude penetraudcould no more be kep^ o-it than thepre.-ij>ure. For hours tiiey wato^taeU every Joor andof not since we oratoriis-the Marquis Gioaoio at Maples, In thet:ince with the passions,tinno, of the le,-iding men, of his own party.—V,. IViAi/ffon.—and did not e»caiH escaped mjury from the padile-they .ire he4ird a Democratic.1gablilo,people theirHorisAS, l.—Rf,i/U;d ed.prejudices,and ii. aoTKKJIMotion Blast-man ol more and much poM'and calmne.is, m6re nerve,long tert thai thehabits, dispo.si-productivethe greater control over his party than I.I.NtiOtK ever from the vir.<)ic»tion ofUntitled Document;1 : i .1. The bareprice of cotton ^10 per bale below its value, and as do in the:Midshipman under the celebratednexations arid those now under consideration.diately after the conclusion of the treaty of ViUafrancathe annexations could not be precipitated. A Con- their necks, and a reverse would have bracketed of six millions annually ; what is the per centage bills payable after that date, for the reason that sand of all^he Democratic office-holders in the 1342, 1648, 1658, 1660. 1664, 1666, 1668, IC70, 1674, 1(1% gress was also spoken of, at which we \vere to take WAsmiroTON's name with that of Wallacb in of taxation ? Let us see. The taxable wealth of disunion and tear would cancel and annul the South vill decline to continue in office in the event I3I8, 1602.Imm^Weventuretopredictpart- As regards the annexation of Southern Italy, the State is about $600,000,000 ifshe has to raiseLincoMs election. The course of the usually Supam CouKT—SpxoiAL Tiaa.—.Utjouraed to sext on bold and Avalanche sati sties us that we Wednesday, for the purpose of concluding a oaOTtlie same uanger no longer exists. Your vote is de- the gloomy annals of tlus country. But we;debts of belligerents.Hence amoneycrisis isofhave changed all that.of those provinces a proof that the steps taken by the new worlds to redress the balance of thejusthere,whilst itis risingTerm.Habeas THE WRIT DISMISSED.manded in order that you may give to the inhabitantsup on taxWe have "called have recognized revolutions and newsix millions on that, it isonecent., or $1 down per us. CottonisgouigoutspokencommencedatJanuaryIsequently resined.[Anglican SynoQ,By that body his lossgreat respect. felt.I;Iexplains whyquestionthe forma.safetybe solved, if solved atstandstane of us would have it.character, as a whole, while the Noith numbers one-service. He, tion, I submit atorescue, should any one of them move off alone. ed. It wot arranged mpossiblefriend- besides, we can seeSouth ; suchathoughtinthesedayswouldbethereverieof piytyantipathieshavebeenbroughttobearinmanners, having a word for everj-body, and able toat onceIpropose,(notarrogatingtomyselfthecapacities inthis thatJAMISKiLOOEEofJacksonCoaa-;jiowerful aids, and keeping in viewmainspring UnitedStatesoncemoreours,andgovernedbyQueen feature of (he question involvedment. Wehave andtoomuchalready,with majoritiesinorganizationwillimmedUtelyensue.is that Holeiian Charieston,gular workings under tbe rule of anpatientThe Southern masses, almost to a man, regardgramme.of aIEnglandthe middle States.uidustry—ofdown. ^He was also present at the mutiny of tkeIVore. the at anLeaving navy, how-ever, early age hedevotee! iiiniseJf to more peaceful purstuts, aad emi-Bepublicanready to serve in any position which ;iiay be assigned to me,) towe can see that in his election errors of the most dangerous nature will sink forever, tind carryand H is the solemn determinationact,"political oblivion." ALABAMA.and we tell our Northern brethrenlaws which noupon man has power to overthrow.W. to hia chair, after he closed, and with tears rua- accom- ning down his cheeks, said, 'General, I wish Iwaaceeds to say:foundations of civiland poUtical freedtpn." ASKANSA8.iiut.The effort to makr the issueof union or disunion on the Presidential election is utterly impraclua- ble. and a mere trick to avoid the presentation of aThegoldbuyin the Constitution and the sover- limitingIwouldand die withI do notdisunionRights Democracy is to limit and reMrain the powerof this Federal agent of the numerical sectional ot a cavalry company to be called the " Chicottioiis oi the results of disimionfightyou.';The LakeVillage Press notices the organizatioa:day K is the solemn manifesto of the honest anddragooningtheretiring membara oftwo or threeers, that tliere were half a dozen in the crowd thatThe Mongoraery, Mail (BsKCKlhElDOE) takes" youngstoppageparalyze everysingle and a full half of all the activeAn American(fieorga) .Atn; nran, makes the following calcula-prospectquestionhales will be soldfifty-two yearsage,will the thoui>aiids do who harve no and no money to buy them with ? Willof theand joy, and rosywillleapor formclubs andat liicste AHOTEnt BOKD.bedorethe?the AoUhieesl send us bacon and com tovniunifLincoln is elected.souin oasouxa."of the New-York Herald, areWe 'earn. a mobliiaking gigantic buy ofi, and frighten off, the |>eopleJ.—the decision of the ^peal, upon defendants maUkfapplied doing.Motion gtlBtedsa with »!•of it at least- the election of theHe ispunished. There is, as far as we canthi.s to opportunityYork that theprofoundest depthshave past—the hour of Northern aggression has expired so'faras the Southcertaiaviuider,li^ini?Ipeo-the highest: illof U has iiow reduced tbe argues thivt the'!lbe it was the isbynomeans ionisuoftheState-BightsDemocracythatelect: ed Mr. Buchanan in 1866, by pitting interestdown, (?) andgood men, no doubt, but not all, by politicians greedy for office ; it will not be York arc too many, ifnot too honest, to be boueht, nished commissions,—raise a of Companyone hundred (or activei^jfiM gravely fOtpi^hJiwhich hecasting his vote for LAf- er part of their property in the depreciation and ries to the Soutk, who ahall stand nady to fill tl»these case of Mr. LINCOLN'S another tripptag, they smile at flie Immense that in suchsan emergency, Stout, of Oregon, Northern and them come down towho will themselves as 'returned Califomians,' 'old Ore- born, let they caimot help relating what they are fidence that the seventeenth State couU readily late to make such herculean exertions ? We goniana,' &c. SomewfUpretend tobefrom'KMt-traps which ofthe Royal eye, and the dance, the word, or the look Blaib BiOREt, Missouri, was turned out, and such zeal, and do they knowto send from this State personarenreaeat" proposition, differingFrancisco Black Bepublican, will, ac- City beingproperly equipped, tendered to Uie first State that leaves the Union in the event of Lin-coln'selection. Assecede, they will repair to the capital of the same,somethingtnm up.'HOLXKAvfs aand theto the Should South Carolina lead, Columbia will be the some fat office intbeaa great diataace like ourselves as possible, but with a few improve- With the Senate oppftSied to him, Mr. Lincoln 'the 8.-ime to me or leave their names at the Watch- from my native State, yet I sUU cherish her koMT ments that might be suggested. An unaccountable can do no harm; and with a small and steadily man office. This proposition is made in good as I do the apple of my eye, and I do not desire t* faith,believingmanywillcomeforwardcompe- seesuchmenasIhavementionedattempttoalar theh Yankee tricks on the State of Kanon, Suia- ter, Hay-ne, Calhoun, Butler anil Brooks. Bewaiabegin to see the nonsense of being scared about tionable Issues in this canvass. It iswealth of the country nothing.and leaves theenemy justand with that1 breastwork can the world. defytrue and vitalissue to thethan we can etmlized world depends upon the cotton of the writing this article. The question is not and can-preparedto find in a community like this.' OBITUAKY.are a full match all the civilized world— the more disunion for /or prtxiucefor it! * A * of a Union to dissolve it. is — Each^^^ididatewas bora in Dublin on the 26th of 1T8S. April,whererendezvous. Those who may desire to enroll merchant will be set up agin.' Ithe election of Lincoln as an simpleovertton States to secede immediately on his election^The of submission daysis concemedGen. L. P. Walkeb, of Alabama, in a speech that the South is dreadfully in earnest for once. In I have heard it said that ff any of the States shoald;"if Lincoln was elected ?liimself up to his full height, and in the sublimest or intimidate; but it is her fixed determination It exists, and should be universally recognized, be-he would take the banner of the Constitution and plant it where the honor or safety of the South de- manded, and that he would defend it with his lifeWe should say to them, depart in peace ;'ernment,' it says, i^ too great centralization^ After the work of our joint handsand let ear bad run his three score years and ten, called Oen. citing numerous facts to demonstrate this it pro- spective bonlers, to improve and strengthan tkeevenpotic Actional majority, and does se^ to suppress maintain," but who may have appeared csnlaaaa powersinthehandsofa'(JeneralGovernment,and doallthelightingthatisiobedone,<ftheplaiSafs,people for.servedef trv to dissolve ttie Vnion the very creator and Captam Bligh. the Bounty, at the tiattle of Camper-overNovimber, $.'),000!000 South DoutiLAS or not ha^e theare noteyery property present in Europe, and ruin Beasonwhy? The But to Come right to the will of our$100 worth of not one-fourth of that.!The is ahead Presidential election comes!in thiswrong opinion.payothercity, resign their resiiective offices il'tocome out o'f it, even if thatany regardedis idle to think of it.definition' of theirenough The same"We have heardposition;on thisthat negroes can how dying,whssElsewhere theshe exuectingm&rc taxes ? WiUIfLincoln is question."beThe ma.sses have too muchcorn then $3 to $5 bushel, and no perremarksOur exchanges tell us that of the twenty mcin-Dituiti«n i» civil —disunion shouldcome, bacon,3.good cents, would then be 60 to Ti cents perMatter of Theodore Agww.—h\ this case pound elected ? Our columns are at their service for a rietta Agnew, grandmother of the child Theodots,war. Weareanimia opibusque parjii. Let us see.hundred tothn r hundred and fifty dollars less thanto refisedof Novem- now sixteenpoint, anyTbeAcaewCerpns.hut ^ha' he vill seek to make Ike Gorrnm/m of the L'nionHere he soon attained ta 1858 he was -selected as a fit person for a seat in the Legislaiive Council, which be tion oi the Union. These iiartics lie in different continued to hold until the time of his death. Oa theand are of citizens who seek to composedown interests and out their carry.seek to elect. anelection to de- stroy the legitimate power of the Government they' wishtocontrol,directanduse. Suchanideaistoo preposterous to be seriously considered."e--.He WHSofLA'W REPORTS.thenthisof disunion has been raised. It has only been donethetheir hands one and the same thing.power then of what the South shall ent ol Mr. LiNCUL.v'.s election is not ;itUnion,and that a vote for Bbf.cki.vridgk willpaper saysUlegitlmate charged herthat while sick at the Hospitalfrom the ular heart, like the jocund day spring, shpddin|;H miHwith this. The owners of nepro.:.- border States of Kentucky, Mi.ssoun.seem determined that they\-vill noth'j ..ndalleged. bail, however, pursued and aooceeded In anHeksad- ing her. Lizzie was now surrendered those vhsThe p.-).-..s.hinty "ttheand another million loncing to Wellesly Orear, Esq., the same who. respondent oa demurrer, wMh costs.and constitutionalpoliticalconvictions?Republican Partywanted to elect iMwgivenuiflammatory appeals upon the Slavery question ;public meetings.rsj.niabe —IpositionMr, De Blazmereit isthat no man can mend them, since they depeadever heard ofThe South has no a Federal Union back into the Union f The rigk* ta*Gen. W. said, drawing threats to make, no disposition to browbeat, bully withdraw is inherent in that form of Gcvemmsat.'In reply to the question, What would he do invincible masses.suppose —sobeitfuture rivalry only consist in efforts within our re-— familiarly known as "Old Adams,"—died at Nepoaaet 'Village,Massachusetts,onlastFridaymotning. He—J. C. Adams,Bearfrom injuries received yean—son. of Milford, N. H., and one of the weU-kaawa Hutchinson family, died at the Lunatic Hospital at South Boston, cf chronic insanity, a few days siaee.beenago in a fight with a formidable grizzly bear ia CaK-haslongsufferingtake ilThe iv1ll"'je''nirh^dCieeirmaivs.Sturs-a,^ :l oi',—MatwagraaWfcrs.al vs. JfrnUow.-Motion deniedI,y,ic*Jft/rray.-that your conditiae issubjectcheerfuQyLegis- held the title ofas athe of Ardkill;i ^Thomas M. Tryniski 309 South 4th Street Fulton New York/13069www.fultonhistory.comI 