 wHOLiHO. 8899.MOBHING EDlTlON-FiaDAY, MARCH 23, 1860.PRICE TWO CENTS.tend, but offered te prove fefeiderteking by offering a part of the ied from the pursuit of science to the object in <A letter w u atoo read from rYefeaaw Beery, ef Dr. Hayes on ta raising aa outfit fer hto iiadsrteilag 'the the Smithsonian Institutionwtth the Patent Office and the W e De-tt, in cooperation wtth the Board ef of Canada and the Hudson Bay Company,m• eta IL- e*t in i t i narInain • 1 nlisisiiiisiiini • •ilit»k ^_$TI» ejjVwtTaT) Ol awMBOTOIelKlQejU OwVenTTeSaVQejaal wlUCeA Wall SSQBwholeofNorthAmerica. Fromthese it appears t h e the gree change of weather, either ofor cold, enter our territory from the north, e the <bene of the Rocky Mountains, and thanes extend tooth wededeastwardoverthewholeUnitedStates.e least there are twosystems of ithe base of the Rocky Mountains eastward, and the other, which commences to the Cnrribbaan Sea, aad followingDebateonthe intneSenate,:iwu the M y of thei o f ante, tor tew purpose of interfering wtth out«f the Navy to at Maw York, but on they he brought directly toat the pubbctana. TDtA<BRCRtoUXMr. Hale has introdaeed a bill into the Senate as s sub- to the measure reported from the Senate Comon Post Office sad Post Routes, and varyingrtoByftom theHousebill,whichisviewedmoreasaspeciality for Butterfleld it Co. than of atactica! benefitto MMpublic, providing far mail service three times aweek from BL Louto to Baa Fraactooo, via Pike's Peak,for oae year, aad dally far fire yean taereafter, carryingthe whole mail. The Minnesota and Oregon mall semcedoes not vary from the prottoton ta the Senate MIL Itincreases the mail service between Ban Antonio and H the enacting ciause and insert the House Homestead bill.| ten atej, sterile sott,aad severe climate, she had sent out After farther debate the resolution w u agreed to by, it hi more than probata tosermon on the deceased, taking for hto text the 15th chapter of the 1st Eptotle to the Corinthians, beginning with the 12th verse: aad after en impressive prayer byi Spain •concerned, will h esuspendedthtotoapracttcabie U meet the requisition for arms, appends- Maaau accoutrements made m your despatch, the oostof which, st the lowest estimate, * within a traction of oneraw tli in—n 1 eeHere., president further directs m e to m y , that with a sinAOVicsB raosj HKK'S PEAK.Advices from Pikes Peak exhibit a strong feelatg on thethis day that any one should undertake to regulate the busi-ness of a conim unity. This argument could not be maintained a moment. It w e just e bad, in fact worse, than thesystem of compelling our people to t<ecome manufacturers.The result was that either the people or the Treasurywould suffer under both schemes. In God s name, let give lands to the landless, why not niggers to the uigger them abandon them both But here was another objec- less' It might reopen the African slave trade en mission tion It was said that his proposition would reduce the ary grounds, and bring negroes here to be converted. He price of public lands very much. and make them worth alwajs dealt wtth things plainly and practically. The very little. He would admit that for argument s sake; proposition was to give homes to the homeless. Now, ifAXD TB3 T Uraa received a Jew days •*»termwaaunderstoodtherewunomanwhowouldnot glory in being identified wtth the gree agragrian party of the world—the party of liberty and popular rights, to op pase the usurpation and exactions of the aristocracy. Itthe would result from the expedition, whether the open VoleSeawu discoveredoraot Thescience would be promoted in all hs branches by the labor• of thou engaged to making observations n e e the] Pole—that neither the time nor tabor spent hi this object w u snenttendering to theTexan volunteers, to ata m —sansusI nf the dto-uc the Indian and Mexican frontiers of Texu —APBTDI, March 8,1840. > the tenor of deenatohaa from your home, ef the 3Mb aft,, the governmentto afford the im to Texes desired, I herewith leader the Varanteers. f e n s to will set at a moment'sDAMixuors IIXSSSB or AS OLDHaw Tons Manrniirr.— Mr. A Woodhull, formerly of the firm of Woodbull kto carry certain elections He made some start Bag devekrpemeate reflecting seriously upon etetiagutohed Itopsrtmewt wul sand wttaont tetoy, hysmemer or byratl- government ofltototo, which will either be exphuned awayterity, if snub an humble individual u himself should be ea&gtfjiaejnne aft,than to nave has name ranked with those prescribed agrarians t h e contended so long forTexas needs, to repel invasion, both from and Mexico, an immediate supply ef arms.in Mssaachusetts, where m en were striking for higherwages, and put those questions to them. These menwoaki say that it dUnt suit them to leave thett homesand business His (Mr. Cbngmans) proposition got rid the gree meuura ef equality and justice. of this- Pass it, and the Secretary of the Interior wouldm the accumulations on untrodden housetops and awnings. Thtotothe form taken by Mm eejateoettol storm ofthespring of 1860. The wind w u cold and sharp, while the emosphere w u surcharged with omwumptive moisture, aad the streets were sloppy and slushy The change,The following report w w read by the "tinr—i of the Special Commttte, KgbertL. vnie, Esq. —Bayes m bis ptoa tor an expedition to the Poiw Saa. reame; fully report the thejyhave jgrfvtrOeBc toview et the atrociUm oomaattted oa our people. I hope theHew Ortoaae, Forbes A McKee, of Port Lavaca, and & M, of Austin, two thoBBsarl percussion rfflee and , saw thousand Sharp » rifles and appendafee,1 Gait's revolvers and appendafee, and onees reewH in a movement for impeachment. ran cnAaasa AOTOST THE rtxawwrr.Messrs. Hoard, Case, Burnham, Bonham and Dtmmock were announced to-day in the House as the Select Comtone a warrant to every man whoto the bead of a family Mr. CLBGHAMreplied that the Senator had made a good bad though it must be called, w u preferable to the de- wUee aa importance rtewaae, and without "recapn thein every pratioai way to meet the wishes of pan of the people there against the effort to include them taw Governor aad people ef Texas, he deceives he has al- .n the proposed new State of Kansas. Public meetingsready perforated his whole duty m the premises under are being held in the different settlements to give expres- ties circumstances Very respectfully,of a crescent shaped bowt. with a pedestal fashioned aftera Moorish urn. and to a splendid piece of workmanship,worth some $600. It is manufactured o: silver, twenty- Northern trip. two inches high, weighs 170 ounces, and is capable ofholding about a gallon. On one side of the bowl is a rep-resentation of the new race course and stand, and on thebase of the pedestal the figures of two horses are exquisttely engraved.to 1st Mora, six miles hook from the rive, aad there reobtections, made two or three years ago His friend fromTennessee (Mr Johnson), two years ago made use of theargument, which w u very ingenious, t h e it w u no hardship in the world in passing this proposition, because the lands In the course of bis remarks he said it is nonsensea wm he impossible to entirely prevent the awmratoas of wheim so toes as they have the protection of the Mexican atosef the river By occupying thto post with two conxpa- atos, aad one each at Rmggoid Barracks and Fort Mcintosh, sad wtth two oompaatos of cavalry as the field, 1 thinkview of the Senator from Tennessee, making a fair division precedents for the policy proposed in the bill. 000 in the Rutgers, Excelsior, Eut River. Relief e d Everett hto tote illneu, aad appears wtth Mrs. WUhuns in aL theavast can be maintained on the lower Rio Grande. Very I lap 11 if JU., 8. P . BELNTZELMAN.then denounced the policy of New KngUnd. which, by federal legislation, had got rich, and kept the other sec Lions poor. H e thought nothing better could occur than aintendent Carpenter w u early at the nre, aad caused excellent order. The cause ef the ftre • e present un-here far farther tnatroctiou Their march mat antra) here have bad a satisfactory effect.tives, turned oat to steve, would burn and steal He alsothe AUu Moteie Insurance ceeapany. The n e e hi one or togsNOB.71snd73Ninth avenue. It wu caused by a those givenundertheasno.oooubeertoatenof««*»"»**'• •park from a stove in the premises of Jesus judd, wbo 1866, and w u trsneamed by the cosspany • « * • * » * >foraloanofsaoneym tee company, and rabseqaewtiy occupies the lower part of No. 71 u a sege store and paaKdiothepetintinh. Ttteteir-undeiusructios.ofthe dwelling. It appears t h e on Wednesday night, during the Court rendered a verdict to ntvor of the ptototiits for thegate, they heard a loud notoe apparently coming from the amount of the note snd totereet chimney, and on examination found a large crack downS. P H.FOOTBBOWN.Texas, Marco 7,1M0. Cat. 8. Cooes* Ad*. Gen, I. a A —ferred to Mr. Peyton, of Kentucky, who to thoroughly investigating the subject, and will report back to the to a dayor twoabill embracingaptoafora jail that will not be a disgrace to humanity aad the coaairy. Mr. Beale has in charge the constructiondrew a picture of a mob of deceived and infuriated peo-*Mn—1 have the boaor to enclose herewithfa copy <J mytotter to Dapartment Headqaarters. dated Mth Fobroary.HBBOSthen 1 have heard at bat one small party on that of a bill to pay oartaia employees on the public osteoftheriver.Theywereengagedmremovingthebody of a man shot by the rangers the evening before,ma or Mttsissipp. The day of feces has gone by. He would speakMr. PVGH—Well his mina freely, and say be believed t h e no blackMrCUSGMAS—IknowthaitheSenatorisveryingeni republicanevercouldbeinauguratedPresidentthebackofthechimneyThefiremenextinguishedtheArrivalsandDepartures. ABXlVAbS.MirAuXiS—Bark Geo8Hunt-J HStfikaaa,TaosMcXeb, LLMorrows.undertheprotectionofanarmed partyonthe ofthenver Ihave todayhoardthatCor-ground*. Mr. McPharaon has been charged with a petition of laborers praying forrelief. Mr.Train,theChairman,oas. 1do aot agree with hun entirely on this question, andhedid aot convince metostCongresswhen1heed hisargument. 1merelyrosetoexplainmyamendment,Northern men talked of subduing the South, but be be- lievedaSouthernarmywouldwintertnBoston before s NorthernonecouldreachTexu. Hewouldliketoknowfire before it did much damage Mr. Judd has sustained about$26damage,byweer.tohisfurniture Insuredfor $300intheNorthRiverInsuranceCompany. Thebuild-"VTTT'TXT'"Vs~»x>"IT-TTT^x»Ax r* 31xL.W lUKJi HJbKAL<±).To day th« Housetime to take testimony, because be received a certificatehe should contest hit seat. took uo testimony.He heeded not the notice, andnot agree not to regard this as a party question. Involving u it did the power of the govern ment, it must give rise to a party issue. It this govern ment w u etemosynary in its character—if it was estab lshed to provide for the halt, blind, lame, to —if it wouldrefused] tograntMr. Cooper moreAnamnaraAiios.hardly think,the lecturer observed, t h e I am too aan gutne in believing I may agate behold the little hag I raised m t h e distant land*when there, and that I m ay have the plea *"-*e of planting the near some day on the extreme North.i of the local bitis Corporation of Washington to», wherewith to build aA nnasaajr of Mils wore ptasaaluil r eMr. Ban**, (dam ) of lad., introduced a bill for thetof the work on the Capitol. Referred.,fromtheCommtttee onPublicLands,re to the Senate the House Homestead bill, with idment striking out ail after the enacting ctaaas,and substituting the Senate bill on the same subject. TBs PIcivic aanaftsn.OnmotionetMr.Own,(dem.)ofCal.,thebdlloroon- structing the Pacific Rahroad and telegraph was taken up, hi order that certain smendmertts might be introduced and printed.printed.DKBATB ON THS BOHSWnUP SOL. The Homestead bill waa token up.Mr. CusexAK, (dem.) of N . C , w a s frank to admit her yeung men to people the West, carrying wtth them Paso to triweekly, sad extends It from the that be waa opposed to this policy of giving away the pub- the prtedptee of crvtttoatton, liberty, religion and science;Howard, to take testimony. After the reading of the letters, Dr. HATS W U to Mr. CAMrasLL. (rep.) ef Pa., spake te fever ef, aad Mr. trodnoed to the audience. B e said t h e more thantour yean bad new elapsed since the return of Dr. Kane from hto expedition in search of aa open polar sea, the existence of which w u enraneed years ago, but the proof of which w u toft to be demon atreted by Dr. Kane The lecturer stated that the gree hindrancehadbeenthetoebeltthesurroundedthe Pole, which promoted aa almost impenetrable harrier to the navigatorTheideaofDr.Kanewu teat ttte point to enter the North e u w u through Baffin's bay The Doctor then gave a brief sketch ef Dr. Kane's voyage, and the (act or the dtooovery of the open Polar Sea by Morton, one efplace to NowOrleans, carrying the whole bctoads.BecouldnamenosaaaatotoabetweendonaIt provides for the discontinuance of the Butterfield boas of toads and donations of money, aad If tt should be toft to htos, be would rotate all the toad for the use ofandthereturnwhichtheymadetoherwutheplanting ef these institutions tn their own land, making widespread aad broadcast thto principle of liberty, humanity, rightten majority.PRorarnoH or nsLua BXWIUjrr rAaaaanaas.TheHouseconcurredtotheamendmenteftheto the bill for the protection of females on board grant vessels.Adjourned.C i t y iBtnUafjoarae. OBBBQUBB or THSLATS GSORGK WooD.a-The tostMr. WADS, (rap.) of Ohio, moved to strike out all afterwould u y to them, hut although New England had smallSnvmmoii, (dem.) of Ky., against the resolution. MR- HOWARDspoke to support ef hto claimanoastof ElPaso,aadtsrrmim tanasrvtoa to thegovernment, so as to keep down the taxesorthe andjustice,uponwaJchjthopermanentfoundationsofna tr; weekly, with permission to use a steamer on the Paci people. There seemed to be a dispositioti on the part of tiooal prosperity meat ever be torn. B e would toll them,Ac side, and Ktvos Butterfleld * Co.to case the Buttorfleld company dectmea to > thirty day*, pves the ccartraotcn. to forward priated matter semi monthly, or a thirty day echedate; provides for a daily service from San Fraactooo to Portland, Oregon, and for other contractors if the present fail to accept ia thirty days, and puts the service m operation en Jnlyl.lSoU It m said a majority of the Saaaie Committee tre in favor of thai bill, aad itThe House over toad bill went to the Senate, and•aat to the OnaitoastiB an Pont Offices aad Featfrom which Mr Gwin reported back u> the Senate his own bill a* a substitute Mr. Bale offered hto bflL, a t detailed•way Senators. atoo sssaaeetod in the ether wing of the n « Michigan. Iowa and other Statu of the Confede- Capttol,togtreawayalargoportionofthepublicmo- racy, the hadsent back to represent thesenewte he carried eat, he asked oukl not free the subject ef allSenators would ase Mil was open to two ortt operated very hard obliging them to go upon the public * « •of the Vest the sons of New Hampshire,her libere policy enabled them to do. No, tor; in the earthly career of the tote George Wood—a biogra- the members of the expeditionW. R. DBlNivAHii, Acting Sec y of War sion to the feelings of the people on the subject, and Cou butit would reduce it no more than the other proposi we could give leads, why not give money If they wereThe, meeting w u closed by ac earnest appeal ef ITO feasor Mitchell to the audience to aancl the expeditioL He said t h e he was aoout to subscribe, and be hoped the rest would follow his example, aot in the amount, but m the actThe Secretary of W ar today received from Major grese to to be advised of their wishes.Uon It everybody could get their land for nothing, there to give lands, be should propose to give each mani, dated Fort Brown, femes, Feb 89, ISflO, the totters, giving additional particulars of existingreported by Mr. Sherman to a few days, and will amount havethehonortoreportthatCortinaaandhis toaboutsixmillionsofdollars.one hundred and sixty dollars tn cash, and pay hun mileage to come here, and if they were to give them these lands he would propose te give thrm negroes to work them he thought threei on the Rio Grande —During the meeting a resolution w u offered and passed, to nominate a committee to colled funds for the fitting oatihave dtopersed, and 1do not believe that ano will he made by him to oolto* a force. After the affair of the 4th of February. at the Botoa, he retiredcommunicating military intelligence or orders between aaatood wait a small fores until within a few days, when officers or bodies of troops occupying positionsho toft with five men, aad to reported to be at Cosaargo,or further bock in the Interior lmmedtotely after he on toad distant from each other, promtoes to be of Ian a body of troops from Maiamoras wore seen in the J immense value for military operations in the field, inthe seventh story of the S t Denis Hotel, corner of Broad way and Eleventh street The fire it seems occurred in one of the bedrooms, the smoke in the upper part of the bouse w u the first intimation given of the Ore. The alarm w u soon spread through the house, e d gree w u the contusion; the boarders on the different floors began packing up their valuables, white others made good their escape with but just the clothing they possessed aboutAfter the adjournment a paper w u placed on the table for those who desired tt to subscribeNotwithstanding the inclemency of the weather, the house w u filled to overflow with an attentive audience, among which were many ladiesNIELOV GAKDZS —Mrs. Barney W illiams, one of the most versatile and accomplished actresses in her hue onAJTROITtUTlOS BILLS.The Executive and legislative Appropriation bill will beFIBS LV THK ST. Due- HOTXL—DAHAOS BT Foot A.YHWATKB ABorr S10,CCO—Between eight and nine o'clock lastnightafirewudiscoveredinoneoftheroomson oftheexpedition.MiutAiT Amiaa.The plan recommended by the Secretary of W e forWigfail then went into e examination of the powers of the federal government, e d contended t h e u the trustee of the sovereign States, it had no right to vote away theirwould be ho price. He did not think there w e much inthe idea that speculators would monopolise this land. butif they did it would be the fault of the people themselves.There w u a good land system, and if they themselvesbrokethatdown.thevcouldnotcomplainthattheold wouldbeenough—onewoman,onemananaachild— States attempted to obtain their share. He had not in- with the prospect of a large increase (Laughter.) Mr. tended to apeak at length, but to call attention to thosegovernment had land enough to give every man one hun dred and sixty acres, and it only provided for those who chose to go and take possession of their lands now. If t h eO talk of a State committing treason-- the thing w u lm possible. II.- owed allegiance to the State of Texas, wtuch, conjointly wtth the ether States, exercised the same por- tion of the sovereign power Whenever she deeieed theefhisabandonedcamp.Ashtomotheraadbro-sieges,orforscoutingpartiesontheplains.Ittopro-wuall,theargumentwouldbeconclusive.but,unfortcfederalgovernmentnolongerheragent,thenitwouldbethem.Thealarmsoonbroughtthefirementothebuildtheetagt,advertiseasplendidprogrammetorherbene- are desirous to return to thto side of the river aad posed to introduce its ase as a regular branch of military natety for justice e d equality, those wbo settle upon the his duty to return to his State, and If he should be cap- ing, and some short time elapsed in getting water to bear fit this evening. The attractions of the evening aretheir ranches, I am strengthened in the boitofCoronaahastoftpermanently Thecavalryaadjinstructionfortheofficersofthearmyaadofthemilitiaiare actively employed in guarding the river, but forces of the different States. As tt meets with high favorlands derived just u much benefit from the balance u tured fighting under the nag of the "Lone Star," under thosewbodidnotgetany,fortheremainderofthelandL-sold for the benefit of the government and to relieve the law of nations be could not be treated u a traitorthese men of taxes. His bill, therefore, exactly m e the Mr. JoHsaon, of Tennessee, remeked t h e there were furniture will amount to about $6,000. Insured for $26,-far'St^ZJtLS^f^ "* ""*• ^u** man they tiad organised, meesaaad w b e toto he right And he would tellbe some information, t h e Mas thing to ten to be tamed Into n petltlsal channel. The ef the country understood wbo protected them. Be lived in one of the largest manufacturing towns of they paid e a t twenty thou-a enth. A "strike" had thought the "striketurned toto make the strikers veto tile oaaasoarttoThe democratic party proclaimed Hash* the great of the laborer, aad in favor of protection for tne end' It w u heed, and bad the tost word late intoy BMrnteg. The election came an Tuesday, aad he tollthemtheresult—Thedemocratic partyhad tnrowp six hundred and fifteen rotes heretofore, thto year, after thto attempt to tern the "strike" into pottttoalparty threw six hundred and ef test exactly to a nun w b e they threw tote Vitshouldbehtofortunetoaddressthem and he hoped it would be, for he generally talked wtth hto neighbors—he would tell them he had voted for •ato free home to every bead of a familv who wouldvaaa.year.Agreed to, and the bill and amendments ordered lobe go oat West, aad justify himself in thto manner if Mr. Cooper, of Mfchigan. whose seat is contested by Mr. the general course of the Gulf Stream, overtops ear coastwtth the military committees of the two Houses, and costsrequiring an appropriation, aad pecuharly com of the land, and he thought the more t h e Senator looked Mr. WIUVAII wu" sorry to hear any democrat refer to Insurance companies. The building ta passages about lakys.laraovasaans or THK CAFTIAI-The Commtttee on Pubbc Buildings and Grounds have to PtosjnM Barracks to a few day*, aad the several important projects before it. The ooastrnctioc of n new prison for the Dtotrict of Columbia baa been re-Mr. Prsa, (dem.) of Ohio—The Senator seems to suppose t h e the principle of granting tends to actual settlers dissolution of the Union. New England would then beg knownF. &—Captains Lee s and Jourdan's oompaatos of the > arrived her* on the 27th lost. The totteris something new.Mr. CuaenA*—Well, this to a new proposition.Mr. Proa—It tt the terrttorial policy of this govern-ment, and commenced with the acquisition of Oregon.Mr. QjMiMAN—I almit that there w u a special grant ple, bearing on notes the beads ot Seward snd Hale Ifmade tn the cast of Oregon. these men only knew the South w u in earnest, they would Mr Proa—And in New Mexiso. Louisiana aad Alabama. keep quiet. They were not the men to coin their heart's Mr CLAY, (aem.) of Ala.—It w u never done in Aiabe- blood into drachms He denied that these were threats.itself to the government, and requires no appro at it the setter he would like it of money. tt will undoubtedly be adopted.precedents. If they e e accepted, banks tariff*, internal $3,000, fully insured The boarders to the rooms aaeest improvements, snd so forth, could be justified. Be to the fire will teas about $1,000. Acting General SupertoaaaavaltheraocheroofJteyetaao,atewmilesabove,isveryactiveinpreparingabilldefiningthedutiesoftheaad1thinkhewillfindthethemeasurenowundercon-howtheyweregoingtotaketheSouth.LetthemtookingNo.71toownedbyStephenCronkrigfatItisdamagedPOSTacPLATT—BrigPortoPlate—PPteko,•<- to cress over, atoo, that he slept last Art ConimtoBtoB. The Committee intend recommending toderauontoone very different in some respects from any eras 1; is now aaiu that the report of a s a new aad more desirable arrangement for the House heretofore adopted.around tne chamber, and they would see c;. the republi- about $30: not insured The building No. 73 is a tenement Datreha *can side but one man whoever taw the flashing of a gun, house Much difficulty w u incurred by the police in ex- MoBrcaa-aaaemetep Yarktewa—ft Fovea, MC Hasan, a while he particularized numbers on the democratic side tricating the tenants, owing to the dense smoke, and baa Masuake, lady aid ana, A Fimtousae, Mrs Wood, Mrs M:fane to Monterey waa only circulate.1 to throwsen oar guard. 1have net had time to verify these re libraryMr. Chaffee, the House librarian, to using htoMr. HALS, (rep) of N. H . saiiji he wished, when theSeseor explaiLeu his amendment, he had gone on and who bad rendered signal military services. The military the Ore occurred in the night time severe hvu »allPJ»- Sbofer. Mr* togeoorn, Mtos Ltaveneert James Lew*, O told the Senate whether lie v/aa really in favor of his pro- chest w u the first matter of consideration in war. and bability would have beenlost The damage to the furni- Butohtoa Mr Abes Man Alton. D 8 Parry B Breem John position u a substitcQve measure, and would vote for where would the North get the money to fill It* ' The ture to by water, and wul not exceed $90. 1 * * ^ » £ " « Hay, beary Tnppe, air Tedeestte. hate nteaan. B F ChanThe telegraphic reports n the newspapers of orders toram after Coruau. aad the arrival to day of company G eflcrts to remove the library from its presentd oasah-y, oae ofiwer aad sixty three man, here, created filthy and narrow contracted place to more con merely an attempt to defeat the bill.aasasraa, and m a y todnee taaaothort- efiktoatiy. They know that w e can i oat in a formarot There • not a gram «fpart of the country, all the c o n aadetmr ase go from this side.Very respectfully,& T. HHXT7.1XMAX.TNBSKMAUIMtG8A!ITriWSJlUeatt,i Mil for the protection at femaleiback to ahe Hoaas from ther wtth a trifling amendment, which was eaocarrediwy tee House, aad the Mil awaits only the Presidents ia law. Thto eaoeae of an importanti to Mr. Cochrane,orraarosnuanmrammui.tr General loft here to-day for Honda, to •a*w«h,whotorapidjyiaiiisg. Hewilltaajmoaxu. jjvxias.met thto morning, sad to rvpcrtStlta organism* the Terrttortos of Norathe bdl if it should be adopted, or whether or not tt w u South could send out her cotton, tobacco, xc , m the bot- is owned by Cornelius Crocknght. It w damaged abeo. g£ajMtoraon. B Mama aadtodv. 0 DSilrwold. fii A , toms t h e would carry them the cheapest Where would $76, and to insured for $1,800 in the North Rrver lnsur Lea, ITttoeaLMrDaflhy, M P lowag. Maw AnateMr. CUM;*A>—I think the Senator did not hear the first pet of my remeks. I said I w u opposed to thto sys- tem, snd a lor either 1 prefer an equal one.aratsa aad Dakoavhrhej atoo bad oa-memi-'rwtth instructions to Iaqutre into the mode of lighting the ftopatot and President a publicgioaailsaroundthem,aadaroundthe ato avenue, the bridges aad high sweats to Geargomwn, Foar-aad hah*, Seveath aad Twelfth streets, across the Mail, and to ascertain theventeut and respectable quarters. He to desirous of converting a portion of the old hail of the House of Representatives to the desired purpose, but I am satisfied that a majority of the Ctoatmittee oa Pubbc Buildings are opposed to the plan, beaeving that the old hall should be decorated wtth works of art, under theof the Art Commjamtoa.tram, the Ctoatrsasa, baa in charge » « » action was catted to question be thought he could. But if treed and applied the powers conferred by the sovereignLtrxsrooi n x Uaurax—etesassbap Assenea, froaa B o o n ( Liauatoe. MBa Ann Bowser Mrs W ilarka. 1 J Clarke, Messrs John Goldrv. Thosaaa Bnnraaa, «/OP PR tog. and tlutecy Paffipa, d Mrs GPaun .—e. Jean Watte., wof B<radford, M H - KejV Severe stabtos were destroyed. A horse belong watt. C O •, Daatel Bryan* MBa JaBa OeuM R <About thirty five "»rrrtnil dollars of that amount to only the ige—to do something for the indigent insane. Thai appeaj has-been its*&ed IP by Cosgresj, but^ . B e * 5 a n a c k ^ ^ ^ - > « f sgrartomam, pictures which evinced gree talent There were between a thousand and twelve hundred persons present, lacludisgnecessary to beappropriated now. aad ! learn that the PPMSilkt V f * l*vt* p{ teccnAento>g it,^ S e S E - S f t T S ' S a tThomas M. Tryniski 309 South 4th Street Fulton New York 13069* readin,fetfmowoftheioadjiglanBicwvbieee; Broc*ijn,tt* there was a measure for which be could rote snd States, u the tons concentrated the rays of th« eun. Theyjusbfv himselftohispeople bythe soundee pcmcipleof admirednotthetens,butthe gtorioueorbfromwatchttlegttlatioD and pniloeophy he thought it would be a vote derived its power The ancestors of New gngtoadersiweatthe men with a pipeFISBARTS.—Thefirstannual receptionof theBrooklynBut they would have too much sense want nay jaatitcatinn, for they had eonft- tiut be never would wrong them. (Laughter. Bethey esd aot expect to be a great State, b e intended to be tree, test and patriotic; and he would n y to them, that f thecostof laborwusofree thetheycouldnot comfortabsy remain at home, be would counsel themtophical sketch of whom w u published a few days ago in th«paper—tookplaceyesterdayafternoon e the Dutch Reformed church corner of Lafayette place aad FourthThe lecturer's plan w u to enter Smith's Straits. and keep the opposite shore to what Dr Kane did, owing to itsbeingmorefree from toe. Bythis means he msjht be enabled to reach a harbor higher up than w u reached before. A vessel carried into Snath's Strausfor five years. Americans were changeable, and did people the gree West They would build up new marnot like to be tied down fer a long time; kete far the products of their labor. But thto measure street, aad e Greenwood Cemetery. A little after two Sght reach latitude eighty by coasting atong Grmand if a man settled to aa unhealthy location, and after had a higher and broader aspect, and to t h e he invoked o'clock the remains of the deceased gentleman were car- ills Land In c u e of being caught there by the ice, thetwo or three years found It necessary to emigrate, he the attention of tan nenate or the country. The vary ried into the church, followed by a number of distin- endeavor should be made to accomplish the object by could sot do tt without toeing the benefits of all hto labor. pilactate involved w u the one t h e divided the friends of placing the bees on reamers, aad striking out aerthward,It struck hiss, aa the Senator from Ohio (Mr. Wade) said free principles and government in all p u t time. It was guished citizens and intimate friends of the family. and continuing this route until either there w u conclusivein the last Congress, that the men who went mio a new the very bone of eonlentton that divided Rome for six Among those present we noticed the veteran hero, Lieutcountry and labored for five years, put more on the land hundred years, ana the friends of thto measure had been Gen. Winfleld Scott Bon. Charles O'Conor. George Law,than tt to worth. Then be took it that his amendment denounced by the aristocracy of Rome. Democracy U. S. Dtotrict Attorney Roosevelt, and the following cler-would provide tor that. If it should be adopted, aa soon made a poor ftgare in history, because the pen w u gymen, attired in their clerical garments —Kev. Drs. De h e made of snow is best suited to the climee Menas the settler went upon the tond he had hto title, and ho aught improve it and live en tt forever or sell it. Hto proposition, therefore, wasicleely better for the settler than the original bill. Hto second objection was, that thewielded by the srawscracy; but the truth of history w ubeginning to be vindicated, and these agrarians denouncedfor a thousand years were in fact the only true friends ofconservative popular liberty t h e the republic of Rome body, Judge McCarthy, and Drs. G S Bedford, Metcalfecould be packed in than ao u to raise the ten*aeratare to a proper degree the neure of the snow being parous, prevented the air inside from becoming unpleasantP«l—Spamcandearherakirteofthis above,aaasubstitutetoMr.Gwic's.Theservice,asttlandbetoaaedtoallthepeopleoftheUnitedStates.Se- eveww.AUtheycontendedforwuaferandequal andThomas.Rev.DrVermilyeapreachedaneloquentThe lecturer said thst the proposed winter qoamrs wereonlysomesixhundredmitesfromthePoleShould the open water not be discovered he proposes to set oat early in the month of February, and make excursions wtth dog sledges to snd from the North Pole to the said quarters. Be spoke of the asswtnow stands, costs the government about a million and a half of dollars, for which it gets to return a semi monthly mail by water aad a letter mail, semi-weekly, by toad; t'ut thto does not include the curtailed service, for which contractorschumabouthalf a millionmore Mr.Hale's plan would coot t h e government sixteen hundred thou •tad dollars, lor which it would sat to return seven mails per week by the Ceatral route, via Utah aad St. Louto, three mails par week b y has Southern route, via El Paso aad Mow Orleans, and weekly by the Northern route, viaSt. Paul nasi Oregon.TH* ceuaoas A a r o n mThe Bouse Committee to investigate alleged exeeotivedistribution of the public toads. The people furotsued the smews of war by which they had conquered the world, bat the acquisition of lands had been uniform!ynators said that those w h o settled should haveone hundred and sixty acres. Nineteen twentiethsof the Ametieac people never expected to go there.There were no landsto New fingtend, and the onty way senrpsd and owned by the aristocracy; aad it w u thto Rev. Dr. De Witt, the coffin w u removed to the hearsein which a New England man could obtain land was to go effort of the common people to obtain some portion of thto and conveyed to Greenwood Cemetery for interment ance offered him by the different scientific so totheWest Wssttrighttodrivethepeople fromNew toad that stigmatised them through ail htotnry and Animmensenumber of persons to carrtoges accompa- ciettes of the United States, and tne benefitsEngland, North Carolina or anywhere else, to enable all time u agragriaas. When the true irnnq of t h e nied the remains to their tost lusting placeperty to men in the new States, and monad to give them into MM. abode of industry, liberty, and City Club, and for a long time acted u its President Bis any portion unices they emigrated. W ay, everybody prosperity. Thai w u the real principle, the name te associated with some of the heaviest monetary en saw that was grossly unjust, not onty to indiw gree measure, they were aiming for, and contending for, terprises of New York in former years.daalF bat to States. The nssehaatos did not want upon tan very name ground which tile republicans of THKWxATmnt.—Contrary to general expectation. a snowthemtogetashareofthepubbc lands? Why,supposethat he advocated a proposition that the Secretary of theTreasury should pay out of the treasury ton dollar* to alltad people of the United States who applied for tt: Senators knew that men at a dtotaaoe could not came, aad the w u teat exactly t h e feeling aad principle today, Mmturn. and brother of ex-Mayor Woodhull, is now con tn vain, snd t h e even human We, if sacrificed in the pre effect would be to give this money to the people in thto to- that the sassses ef this country shall have the right to fined to his residence, in Fourteenth street, by dangerous sent cause, should not be considered as thrown away nality. He should like to see any man go before %* con- take possession of the public domain aad convert it to the illness. Mr. Wood_bjb.ll retired several years since from With all the facilities for travel of th» present day. 1 stituents and say he had given away a part ef their pro- purposes of civifixeion, and convert the wilderness active business He w u one of the originators of theMr. Wendell to day relative to theof money from the proceeds of the public to leave their business. He wouW like to ase Rome OBatended tar it through all their history. He de-The most earnest applause greeted the lecturer on coo Senators go to their constituents *t Boston, and sired to be no better known to hto own times or to pos- storm set In yesterday, but left fettle traces after tt, u v e ctedteg.and a citizen. He would like to see the Senator from New Hampshire (Mr. Hale), for he observed that the strike bad extended to New Hampshire, adargument tn favor of giving lands to settlers, but under the present bill they could not own the land until they had worked on it for live years. The was not the Romantestable storm of dust which blew over the city on Wednesday.arguments in to favor watoh bare bean already fully setltn previong report* aubnuued to laeSorten , they oBaoimoiialv 1111—i !• iw<1 that acttve. earruoaa be made at once to enable the expedition tosail Unaspring Tae great tatereat whichbaacavalry accoutrements, Texas has always mittee on Mr. Hoard's resolution directing an examination vocate this proposition before his constituent-. principle His amendment gave them the land immeto span her now, and ahe needs them at once. Be pleased into the charges made ut debate, hi December last, by a great deal of property to men m th« West, and that better. He had read Roman history, but their system new Charter bill, which ta decidedly adverse to their idea the hope that the necessary funds will be enuriboted u. uineMcsnciPAL MATTSBS.—Several or the City Fathers have been manitestod b j men of aeteoee, and by a tuge n-imber been deficient tn arms, and baa drawn but few . Danger telling them that he had voted to givcj away diately, and did aot t h e Senator see that tt met his view gone to Albany, with the view or lobbying against th of American etazena, la the aweeeu of the capedajoa iead»u.is reefy by telegraph without delay. Messrs. Haskin, Adram and Hickman against the Presi they could obtain a portion of it by emigrating. that thereSAM HOUSTON. dent, of aeekiag improperly toiaftanace their official action was s proposition by which each one of them could have a warrant, but that he had decided that all the benefitsw u not what the Senator represented it-Mr WADSadvocated hto motion to take up the Houseof an equitable share of the spoils. A few days ago, Mrfor the organization of tae small party waicn wu] beridieam. to solve toe problem whtoh baa for ao tone a time occupied the attention of jreograpaei-B tBroatthout the clviiued world ThereComptroller Baws disbursed two checks to the order ofla reply to thto the President directed Col Drtnkard, on the Lecompten bill. Mr. Bonham asked and was ex should be given to those wbo settle on the Homectead bill, which he showed to be more libe- the City Chamberlain, amounting in the aggregate to can be no question die: ha somtilan, by an American eijxdire in its provisions than the Senate bill. He secretary of War. to send the following to Gen. cused from serving on the committee. pubbc lands. Why. no man man could do it, sir. explained the differences in the two bdls. and said thehwsssaidthathisproposition woukiabsorball undertheSenatebillverylittlelandthewasworthany THXBASSRCFT BILi. the public lands. That was not a valid objection. IXthe thing could be taken up' Year despatch or the Sth inst has been received and The Senste Judiciary Committee, to whom the subject principle was right carry it out Suppose he introducedasamBlmltothePresident, liedirect*asetosaythathe a proposition to give a thousand dollars to each soldier m Mr. JOHNSOW, (dem.) of A rk., opposed the motion of anrtiam year tender of volunteers, inasmuch a« a despatch was referred, have decided to report on the inexpediency the Mexican war. That would take all the money in the Mr. Wade. He could not see why the Senate shouldtion will add to eur naOoaal ^reputation The meinit for ac $2,600,000. On the 1st of April next he will pay eoaspbebtog •ueeeu are ao simple, aad the end to be aaamedhas ttoto day seen received by the Adjutant General of the from Brevet Col. Harvey Brown, Second artillery, New Orleans, March 13,18et>, hi which ha says—of reporting a general Bankrupt bill at present. THKsit'KLSB ASD wntuason oawsasnau etas.Treasury. It was not an objection to his amendment, butit might be a good objection to the passage of the bill. If w u the special order, and its consideration should be they gave tond to ctttsens it would not do to give it to a proceeded with. He referred to Mr Hate's remarks u few. All wbo stood in the relation pointed out should get insincere and demagoguicai He (Mr Hale) wanted to*675,300ofthecitybonds,onwhichmoneywasborrowed to anticipation of the city revenue for 1869 The laying of the iron pavement in Cortiandt street has been sus- pended by order of the Croton Aqueduct Board, on the advice ol the Corporation Counsel, who objects to the work on lege grounds. The contractor will be paiJ for the block which has already been paved. Mr. James bogardos h e sent a bill of $6,630 to the Street Commisaofullofvaluablerasaha,thewefeel••miniibaiaoap peal to the loveof aaeuae andtlto pawiouen of oar eiuxeon cannot be disregarded The ""-"•"«*»» hare, therefore. prepare apapertobetigned bythosewho maybe dwp*ed tn becomi' the patrons or the expedition, which will be eire•.. lated e once, and to which the Goaamtttee would aafc the -..ruest attention of all who f e e a juat pride in tee edTauoeaoen'. of our national character.HENRY GBIrlJfXLL CTttL'8 W risXD,PttTCtt COOPKS, MARSHAL L*rrERT>\ HAttn.TUH Piffll,Yesterday the House granted Mr. Williamson time toflMini The dsssrbaaeee were bahaved to be over, and take testimony, because it appeared in evidence that some of i t It bad been said that if they adopted this sys- bold on to she oanotQe of New England by the cry of siooer, u a charge for the employment of his patented FhAJUCIS LIXBIR,I toft BrwwuvfUe en the Sib tost. All was quiet on theCentouinhave(tieapteemm—I.aadtohate retired into Mr.Sicklesdid not receive a certificate of election: temtheywould fallistheirobjectofcompellingpersons "free lusniII fbr free men," being fearful theplan of erecting iron buildings, in the construction of Tompkinsmarket,whichtoalmostcompletedTHSTIMEBALLOH THSCUSTOM Boca*.—The new "time ball," whereby the inhabitants of the city, and likewsw persons on the North snd East rivers, u well u in the lower bay. may be enabled to tell to a nicety the hoar of noon, is now all ready to be hoisted above the CustomGKORGKPOLBOM,BE N.I AMIN H FIELD HK1TRT.E.PTBRRBPORT, OffAOUMKING, CHARLeSP. l)ALt JOHN D. JONtav L0THSRBRAD1EK,thetoterawof toeatoo Major hemuelmac baa odtettlly re partedto*warIDbaanded.This information being so much 'ater and more direct frem the scene of the late diffleulttu than you could have received at Austin at the date of your despatch, toads the, to believe that you are mistaken or have beenhenceMr.Williamsonwasnot bound bylawtonotifya man he should contest with him for a seat when no certificate was issued to him to hold u.THS M-ICHJf;JLX KLBCTION C.kSt.to go into these Territories and become cultivators of the under tile pressure of starvation they would desert soil. There were places wherethegovernmentunder- htm and his party. The Senator from New took to regulate labor,but he supposed that in the United Hampshire bad thanked God t h e these strikes States every man selected hn own occupation. It seemed had token place, bat be (Mr. Johnson) had that he was in an error, and at this late day, after seventy never before heed God thanked on the other side or eighty years of hberty. the government should ot this chamber, except in conneeuon with the slavery is- ssy to the people that it w e wrong to follow sue He hoped the Senee would adhere to its own bill the bent of their Inclinations, and that they ought toJjgo into Mr. JOBSSON, (dem.) of Tenn , w u pained to see a par the new States and labor there to suit it- purposes. An 1 ty direction riven to the consideration of U.> measure. some Senators talked about ilk- loafers. These men ha4 It w u a great measure for elevating the common man, a r>gbt t< i be loafers if they pleased H'>w w e tt that and extending civilization He knew t h e the House bill Senators had a right to go into Pennsylvania and say, could not pass this body, and the true friends of the "You are loafing about the streets—1 want to gttyou Homestead principle should take that which they oould planted on the public lands." Would that be justice'• get. In 1846, when it w u introduced, it wa- not a party Suppose he owed a mac fahundred dollars, had be a rightIn his remarks upon the resolution, the speaker men boned the following tacts, t h e the fund for the expeui tion had now reached the sum of $10,COO. and aa evidence of the deep interest t h e men of science take in tii SUKK-CI. 1 may announce t h e Professor Bache and Proieaaor Heury have contributed the sum of SLOOP each. and 1 may alsoBesides, mere are now m Texas, ready for A resolution was reported by the House Committee ontwo thousand six hundred and fifty-one Elections to-day against allowing Mr Cooper, democrat,, which force will soon be increased by the add> •_"of ten companies, comprising eight honored and whose seat is contested by Mr. Howard, further time tofjrtv two men, now under orders to proeeed there from take testimony in the case. The resolution was opposedMew Mexico. Ot these tost, five companies are to be sta by all the democrats and Southern oppositionists present, tamed at Ringgold Barracks and five at Fort Clark.The quota of arms now due to the State of Texas, under except Messrs. Anderson of Kentucky, and Davis andHarris of Maryland.House, and doubtless in a few days will enter upon its mtntion among the liberal centribntore Mr. Henry t.ric career of usefulness The ball Is manufactured of ash- nell. Mr Cyrus W. Field. Mr. George rotaom. Mr hfc; ia wood, painted red, weighs one hundred pounds, and is nun H Field. Mr. GVionell has kmiiy consented to act exeiy six feet in diameter. The pole en which it is to bethe tow, amounts to one hundred aad sixty nine muskets,which in an emergency may be doubled by anticipatingthe quota for the next year, and which will be promptlydahvered upon voar requisition. A s the money value ofthe arm* fur the two quota* dees not amount to five thou of election, and Mr Howard duly notified him that sand dollars, you will readily perceive that it to entirelyto say, "I won't pay you here, but \i you go to anotherpart of the country I will pay you there.' Why. therewould be no justice tn this. He could well understandsuch a proposition in a monarchy, where they claimed a Mr WICKALL, (dem.) or Texa=, said he could right to regulate the people, but he was utterly amazed atProfessor Silbman, of Yale College, Dr Francs I/>.i~r, and ctber gentlemen, among which number wa* Profeaaor Mitciiell, ol Cincinnati, who thought it rather singu ar t h e he should feel more e home on anoiner planu UHUIan his own. Be thought he knew more about the s e e ui the moon thst w u visible than Dr. Hayes did of the polar re gion f but he wanted to find out-whe was on the ottoer tide.^xtremely bad. B e could therefore appreciate the cinof ity of the doctor, who w u anxtene to explore more or the regions he had already seen, and t h e he bimsetr to discover what was on the other side of the moon w u willing to run u much risk u the Doctor did of com and a)', the other inconveniences t h e could be met with on aabandon the bUl which it had matured. The Senate billmeasure, and tt passed the House by a two-third's vote. It should be acted upoo ir>the same spint now, aud kept out of the contentions of parties.displayed te a plain iron staff, fifty feet in length and four inches in diameter, and the elevating thto rope is of wire, almost u flexible u a common hempen cord At noon precisely. according to the Superintendent of the Astroac mica! Observatory at Albany, the be', will be shot ott the pole by means of a powerful electro magnetPSIZS FOR THE MXTAIRJK (NSW OSLXAXS) JOCTTY ClTO.— Messrs. Tiffany &Co., of this city, have just completed a magnificent prize for the Meteirie Jockey Club race, which is to come off in New Orleans in next April It consistsas|treasurer of the fund.A>:dresses were fattened to during the evening fromMr WADS withdrew his motionthe Senator from Rhode Island (Simmons) g e t the money for bis calicor They might talk of blo:kadtng the Southern ports, but then* officers and men would want money, and where could they get tr Cotton w u king, and without iaace Company.Fiaa v CanxaT Srnsa»-«pm Hosss Bc»*ai> *> Ftotm _Mr. HALS remeked, t h e if they adopted the Senator'samendment, be (Mr. Cimgman) would vote against it, Queen Victoria's crown t u cot safe. The Union w uand therefore it should be considered rather u an at nothing more than a compact between confederatestempt to defeat the bill He asks, bow can we justify which the North had broken, and then tried to persuadethaitooar people He(Mr. Hate)never badanydiffi- tie the tt was of divine origin. Our forefatherscultyintheworldinjustifyinganyvotehebadgiven •bedtheirbloodnotforthtoUnionbutforHberty. BesmcebebecameamemberofCongress,andwhenhn comparedthefederalgovernmenttoatonswhichconcen nreweceased,ittosaid,bythecarelessnessofoneofin favor of thto very Homestead bill The experience of to Holland. b e u the Dutch would not let them pereeouse artists took place on Wednesday evening, e Dodaworth'sthe government has satisfied him, snd the Ssnator from anybody, they came to the North—they <M^***^lTM»rr. rooms, Montague street. The show of ptotnres annex-JoanBrei»«:-PL^T^f— MrsByasaadeGsrdoraandiwo rNorth Carolina no doubt, that not one ol the old States Sherman and the Baptists, snd tt^^S*?,!!!',andtoascertainwhetheracontractcan caneverderiveanydirectbtaefitfrontthepubliclands thecountry. Providencehaving " g ^ " ^ ^ ! ^ tresulysatisfactory.someofourbeatknownartists,such*l.¥**3B^^^aTvtew^aWzM ofvt»o«r KailKotor a supply ot gas on bettered. Thto reform to very much thepresentsaapiyofpahavingthetendencytofightof Public BulldlagsTfce Ccnuaavjonor of Pontic Buildings recommendstheef a aortaimmediate erection of a north portico to the Patent office,which will oast about seventy avo thousand dollar-.children of **THISTW Q cooaba. J « n C iT.wasonu * It w u tried in every possible way hi a grant for the pur ti7,tiieythoajjhtituBeleaB to g g ferjwnM^eau^eneia u Messrs. Gignoux, Coleman, lanes. Bellowee, Carpenter, ^ ^ © " E e a S e t o and WBham H been, of HaJttax-2pones of AjTtooMnral Colleges, and it w u found t h e the produce, anThave stttoe lived off J ^ " ^ ^ * £ <«ertei and (armiencke being among the resident contri- majoritywuagainstit Anappealhadbeenmadeto wentinto » « » ^ r r C S ? l S B ^the heart ef the nation by one ef the greatest philanthro- VSSXKSSA * ^ h t t T m a n . In Texu they butors itoe tody artist, Mas Indiana Oakley, sent m aanalea.'_ Bto8BisBl|i Menigessrvy-Mrs Loweathalsod,J ^ ittaLrsa. FrUenek Traaehart dws L O Ftourao' N m^nrvea Alfred J Peacock Daa'i F.Baton TbsObr... .ir,- C IslbftoMh Jao Pneaarc «, B V ein. BoaroL* Ac—S w g t i £ huanjae—<»eure* WL«y, iterre raektac. it Airai Miss Rnsrastee: Jofct iiorsej, aad IUD« satttsiccraf..pist* that ever existed, who had travelled over every State of the Union, aad gone across the Atlantic, for a Pittance to aid to the greatest phdasthropic scheme of!£?i.r& ^ T a wbit? man to b:ack boots e d wear copy ora painting of Pan! Veronese, and uveal orginal BUntitled Documentat,atmaa the to withdrawto make their toca V theBoueeehouli attempt by direct loatotolton te suppress polygamy, they would tall, for they would aat strike at the root of this sore o a the body pontic. He held t h e organisedTerritories derive their power to tosfetoto frombut Utah should be an exception, aad instead of a Legtola trve Assembly the power should be vented to som - other tribune, which would protect aot only the mhabi tents of Utah but the rights of the utireLAM* eon sasKASKA atnaruuMr. DAVB, (A. L. dem.) of ted., called up the bUIgrantingalternatesectionsoflands hiNebraska forth construction of five railroads thereto, to be free of tolls t the property e d troops of the Lntted Statu and to carry the mall e such prices aa Congress may directOn motion of Mr. Wnnarmea, (S. opp.) of Tenn., the billwutabledbyavoteof131agatont61.The House proceeded to the considerauon of thelubon declaring tt inexpedient to great further time toWitt, Vermilyee, Vinton and 1. C. Smith. The pall bear- ers were Charles O'Conor, ex-Judge Roosevelt, Hiram Kstehum, Joseph Blunt, Ssth P. Staples. ex-Judge Pea-on the fire in consequence of the height of the budding."IrelanduttWu,""LawforLadies;'sndtheHappyThe hotel ta kept by Peter Degrve, the damage on the Man." Barney Williams h u completely recovered fromThe Atlas Iavsavretmce Cos*petaly'e Sober rip. U o n Kwtea.BTFSBMB cotT cr— ciacriT .Before Bon. Judge Bout) iixknin--~IfatkmaautkuicktL aL aesue Xtooki Rthe South to come back—her spindles would cease to turn, FLUE IN NLVTH A vntrx— Shortly before six o'clock DtWelf, toe.—Thto w u en action to recover apon a note andheshipsratat thewhevet—her sailorsandopera- yesterdaymorninga fire brokeout between the build madebythedefendant(DeWotf) payabletotheorderofShortly after aloe o-ctoek tost night the alarm of fire for the Seveath dtotrict w u caused by a fire in some frame stables r e e of No. « Cherry street, owned by Chete*jM teJehnCasi| ek«w c^*! > o a l $4, i 'w *" burned to death Thesssbtoswereworthabout$160:aoinsurance TheBuckley.G BnekteT. Fred Bueatey, > J.hWtoB...itooUwaedalke;.AMahler.ABchnfrflier.JABaaasqanjae •WH"oaTso.sa..~..w Andrews, Master Boward. H Lease .larapa ,/saswoe 0MmForator.ofBowTort:BoaertCkowaP.ofBy?*ramuel T taylu. aadMaa BaryTayaw-juf RtoByfc « r andv» «„,,«, .„^ ,k.— >na.— ofITIlaaia;Jran andK Mra Button"aad three ttoitoaa.. o< ntoatoj^_vld Uore ot Maaeeasasr. *• -.-y ^ E t'omawaa I Morse Bw°^JI*t V'M ri22f c fecsssjihall Dae*) ttcFartex aadNelson. Dr J PaSse, yaaw. J g j j l l y r alien of Rawn Haasproof the so such sea existed, u Is supposed, or until they launched their b e e tn its waters.In travelling no teats are to be used. The EsquimauxSOBJART L, VlaUJK. ACGCBT BaXMONT. www.fultonhistory.com 