 THE PRESIDENCY.Th«>luioi OpiK>>iiioBStateCoaTfotion m Temesse*.FOB PRBSIDENPJOHNBELL. HAirORM OF THE M M PAHTY.cuetarytorts**,withexecutivecanal*anue.U s notorious that a per esntofs of the salaries of Pade-rai effice solders has beta frequently, if not regularly, u- t«'r«d aad <olMeted, to raise a fuad to be transa*..4* 1 w wbatever State or Congressional district it may br, deemed nec« saary to enable the yar^ to carry an efew.'vwo. Aud th*rs port'tois of the public revenue, dfltietjd from the people, teas of thousands is amount, are turoei tow » eorrapticn fund to stifle the veto* sad deleat the wul oifhrosf,wAwbwouldprecludet>%poeaibiutyofbitmakingany address. Be called •irwa. Mr. roytea to make ae.fif»btm,anda*ped tbr:t the audience would be •|>,MlIwciii,tmw^« w»* unt WWMWOwl<*»Paris—9tf»ral De*ert/>eteaor*0V Pruacker, dcThe American chapel in Paris has been tbe scens of na-%cctfe««•! JtwtaatnliCKMH, BaBte Peyton, spoils tor the last garter of a c-sjarr b^ndoubto«>i> peotde from~Teiiner*ce. They were thero for a gredt and lowered U.« standard of pubtt'o morals, and diffwsoJ a noble purpese. They were trying to organize a Union igp*ato» I. H<nry, Seal irovs, Joira B«B, mercenary sprit over the coWittry. .v* ..wards of party. There was nothing Sectional in what they were doTg. Their'ally.ng cry was "Union" B> appearedthai there is enoughof the Union sentiment still left in theAnglo-Saxon element in the congregation was without al- loy. A hnlecenfution was produced by a notice ia ftUto- nani't Messenger on Monday qtoraiag, stating that this evening Mr. Spurgeon would hold forth at th» American Chapel, in the Ruo de Berri;aal though many *uapacl«l the truth—that it was a blunder of tbe printer, aa it waajatobt^lMay,J.tUta AB4Otter*,paLured by i«»«ff^2 ^ t t f « S « before the iu u» aiee if they could not form tho nucleus rtisan services, thouaandf uke ~ .Ao., *«.,4atho office of President would only be a fitting compensa sion a trade, a rrvelihoed. Jtn army of political maroaaa^ of a 1 arty -which would put down sectional strife. tkio. (Cheera.) Ii waa only reasonable to suppose thatD a i S p e c i a l f a s h - r l l i e C o r r e s p o n d e n c e . Rastsrviu.a, Tenn , Feb. 22, I860.The- Union opposition party held their State Conveailcaand control of pubhc aKe.irs.And what nad been done wih all the money custom of the democracy to abuse every one wbo did not contrary to the previous notices, and indeed was almostan impossibility, unless Mr. Spnrgeon had commencedtravelling immediately after the etoso of hi* Sunday duseated ont to them, or th» p-oAta of tbe4n, amounting aosnetimes to thjueaads, distributei an»)ag tnem without ecrupie, and under executes iniluenco and direction.Under the maxims and teachings of Jefferson, oon Armed by the practice of Kaiiaun, Monroe and J Q Adams, the freedum of political opinion was held to ae of so sacred and important a charaster la a re- p e b b c thai in a period of thirty y.vars proscripttoaor removals from office for opinion's sake were unknown. Daring the same period of time the ptsservaton of •a* puritv and independence of the elective fran-1 was held to be so important that the ioierfereaoe of 1officers in elections, Stateor natwaal, was forblj- dea according to the teaching of J. fferson. who aeno meed taatruch interference would be bell just causa of re-devotion to tbe Union and the constitution through ail Ihiuk ihe time lor their apprcal was so near at haad. TheAvenll, of the city or New York, to be the executors of any logical order? "No," I replied, " they do not; have taken place in France curing the las-, seventy years?ajjanaicousins that ao sanely my electors of such relationship within one year after my decease.1 after the clo*e of tbe period u>which reference1 the pontic. • condition of France during her grcai revolutionary strug 1 Brat departure from them by the popular chief of a 1 gles. In the North we have the '• irreprseeible cou- m found excuse anoag his followers in met." In the South they are aroiiug for self- 1 made upon Bis private oharacter by ha I defence th«-y say, but no doubt x .s 11 fii-iucr socessijo, 1 in the canvass which had terminated in hie ' If In their judgment they doeir. .-.i ;u a step u«v,ej3ary. 1in the special circuuxsuncej of ' How ia.it in Congress" Has the Preeident callei uojn — J of removal. Congress to put a stop to this cml war? No; he has said Bot la time, under rarwea plausible protests, particu ! nothing aad done nothing. If Old lli.'kory wa? alive, and sarly that which asm ami that the retrenchment of expen- i could walk in upon the scces4'>ni«is at the South, how eatoarea and reform of ahaasa promised oy the Prostdaat 1 they would take to thetr holes like rats. Tbe theory of tahJantathttafaral add rasa oouid aot be oarrted oat unless | government la, that its prosperity depmls upoa the vtr- the pubic offices and employmeats, miaisterial at well as | tue of the people. Von a'i rem-mho- iu IH21 what a actaaeal sad adjamsttraUve, should be la the ban Is of hu I contest we had—what a field we hal. LMwho would hs *r»ndaand supporters, the Injunot 00s oi JeffersonCAUJJ ' elected, and a great man was at the head of the na- *, aad the wboleaaie proscription which tion. Mr. Peyton then referred to the o irruption — dtaoorery of this neoosarty led la the prac.sed at the nominating icouvenuMS, an l said '»tbe intrcdactKn of a Img train of abases m tht ex the nomination of acandidate for the Pre*dene? vats^ma- thlag like a quarter race They excluded g >od and noble Bsttnota froat their deliberations, and putTorms w-jre made to maaufacture strength for a weak man. Tha li- berttra of no-country can i>e preser ve-i when tbe f) retain head of the government ia eorru i»i. Lo"k at our goveru-awat—look at *ta extravaganoe witri ih army of ldd.uOO offleeholdeis torarry the elections by loui D M U or fair. gBjajM ten years sgo, during the admiaisustioa of Mr. Fillmore, the *<#enasa of the government were ahxiting, the sum of $2,000.Seventh—I give to tbe town of Wethsrstield, in Concectieut (tbe place of my nativity), the sum of $3,000, and to the adjoining town of Rocky Hill tbe sum of $2,000, conditioned that these bequests be invested In farms or farm esiabliahmenta for comforting and improving the condition of said town poor.the door was for the benefit or his colossal ciutpel m Lon- don, for which £00,000 are already collected, but another £10,000 ia required for its completion.equery and aid de-camp to tbe Emperor.Roger, the artist, has made his di'M at the Habeas, tbestage of which theatre is fouad to be far better aiapted to ha voice. Bis style of singing was chastened in accord- ance with the more mfined audience before him, aad the interest be has exerted since the amputation of hit arm and the incomparable substitute supplied Blm, was per- ceived to be quite as vivid st the Italiens as si tbe Grand„pence and harmony to the Union—(applause) ind toprevent tbe destruction of tho most giori'ws elttlee ofehril and religions liberty that was ever erect*!. Toenter upon the discharge of such a dutv at tiiis time wasenough to make sny man tremble;'b it if the duty de- Charleston, South Carolina, toe sum of $6,000. volved apon h m he would do his utmost to merit ihatrMr. Spurgeon, though a »ery extraordinary man, canhardly be said to be one of those men of gen us who Beadthe world home wondering at the new things thev haveheard. His command of imagery Is very great, and his co Opera. The "Terrace dee Cartes'' sad the "Per* Prs-—I" the appctatiB! power in the dlatriboUaa of exe te a praciicei ooeratioa of tbe ' of the spirit aad inteutiou of lb-*vated classes of society. Not that there is anything either Washington MdUgencer, of the 26th Inst., a already on In his manner of speaking or hisflanguage that need of hand with his preiictio&s, and has designated toe locali-fend the most fastidious; his words are good plain Saxon. ties which (bey will visit. He *ay*>-and bi* period* grammatical and harmonious; but bis Tbe locusts (Cicada ScptemAxim) will appear very ex- mind is ever In the highway* and hedges. Tbe re'ined tensively this year, occupying probably a larger surface sinner—the ifffldel scholar and gentleman is a sealed of the country than those of any ether year. Toe toilow- letter to him; he cannot read him,and be has, consequent- ing States and parte of States wiil be occupied by them, ly, no means of teaching him a better way. But he is an viz;—earnest man, is Mr. Spurgeon. Everything you bear Nzw YOBK AXDCesrTEcnccT —From Long Island SoundThe j . n T S 0 t t c o cooceded to the offlojtablishment would be means to rescue and save very msny from ruia, from ftllicg prisons and almshouses; and, therefore, I deviie and bequest, that whenever with- in five year* after my decease, tbe sura of $300,000 is•• ~ w- «el;l«i s a a mm<m*im,taiwtino9t aad:oeaTennessee, sod said tbai if the fate of the Uniou dependedupon that State there would be but little danger ofa dis-solution. Tbey would never consent to a separate oua-lederacy. for that would multiply tbe evil leufol 1 B icongratulated Ihem upon the harmony that prevailed hi raised from other aouroas for tho aforesaid ends, that him, and gladly. His high Calvinistic doctrines are almi- the Mohawk river. the Convention, and questioned whether there was aar 1 these aaid trustees do promptly transfer or pay;oafcy under the r*££ $$??•0 u acal chief or to a party. No p c ^ ^ - T * ^ » P>I over to *uch association all the sail trust, estate mad career. or proceed* thereof; but in case the sum ofAJaaJow»yailhwWehtltet>a«domoreCe<>tloaa ant m»- of Ute clecsiTe rraachaw was once guards! atatnstelected, aod the repeal of the Mawotri Kentucky would give their hearty support to Mr Bett- fusing a decent competency for his labors. Everything Tdeem ta be the best and most worthy objects of ehantvparayvYuMdMa —s>om the tonth part of Loudoun eoanty mine 1of the execottve power an i the tatet^MoI rtana. t^eros was elected, and tho repeal sprung all this and, if ihi tetter should receive the nomination for the Tenth—I devise itnd bequeath that my aforesaid execu- happen* to him, it is said, somewhat out of the ordinary Itceucke river, rrom the Blue Ridge to tne Poomae r.rar« . » « . - - - J c e r a at elecoaas, is no longer rceoga^u by those who hare the control as of adairs of any Im^inaaoeadvocaung the Pwsideacy at toe hands n f i t , National Coureniion, there tors aad trustees shall not be required to give bonds or coarse. When hat wife, after her marriage, presents him for he was was not a stogie heart lu Kentucky that woull not thSi with a pledge of their mutual affection, it is in doublets—N01.1nPASou.va.—Caswell, Rxkioguam, Stokes, fleu ford, Roman, Surry, and adjacent counties.MiaubAX.—About Kalamazoo.l.M.utvA —Dearborn and aoiaeent countiesIhey wi'l commence .merging ia North Carolina ahoetthe l"tu 01 May, ana a few days later for every hundred miles at we progress north, until the 1st of June, in Wash- ington comity. New Yots. Tua will afford a hoe oppor-"• e xfrom him leads to this conclusion, and doubtless his gifts are bestowed upon him for a wise purpose. There are thou- sand* of the refuge of a great metropolis who will h»arto Washington county, New York; from the Ojonocticut river to the Hudson river, and several counties ia New York west of ihe Hudson liver, to Montgomery county, 00c *a *9Wawaala their caasTaow aatTOBT^iaXr^T,*1 1 S " $4o OHti.OOO. NOB" the expenses have increased toMo WO 000. Tbe democracy, of the South tell us that wo how ataxm-wTOua and d a i t g e r o ^ T ^ ' ^ r n " » * ^ ' t must fall in with abets or ehw the couotry will be ruinedPss.NsYLvj.xLi.-Iu mat portion bouaded by Peter 1 His manners out or the pulpit are cheerful to a degree, MooBUIn oa tbe south, Mabaniango Mountain oa tbe nelooksliasamanatpeacewithhimself,withoutone north,theiHlawaiemerontheeast,andtheSusqea-tacdcatrucaoaofthecoasutottoe.TM*!XZ 5*S* l or datlai,si heiwVbc^aaB^oT exolwtoa'afKdthejpvernmentariUbedestroyedDouglaswasthesre aad the kkasouri compsamite waa the dam of uw re.eih-,itobwaxmgtwaliegiaaeetopartT."TMiac*»°(Laughter ) Whan Mr. Filial ire left ths Precl- paid a tagh>tribute of re*i«ci to the patriotism of Jobi' there waa net a cioad apoa ths political ho- Bell Kext to Jena J. Cr^pden, perhaps, the peoptiX i please allot aad give to whom or whatsoever they mty taste without sflectation, not desiring wealth, but not re- river.•4 M . », * 111" ?v v »I I <Tr <I- Ir UJAH*--«!l ,4JM»Y W NEW YORK • « ^ W M « * n » | P i g 2 8 ' 1 8 W - T M P " 5 S H l g r•IIsi •• PAULS.the beneat tnd independent vows, Booth.ballotbox.rue and adventurers * thvs recruited, who, by concerted The. democratic party had he-n in pow •r nearlytiers. Itisworsethanidleto saytaattheUnionisinnothemselves between fanatics on one silo an i the ilro-datg'T It may be mischievous to lull tho people into se- eaters-on the other, aud thereby restore pda-e aud hap-GrxTinmw—Yonr invitation, dated IheSdinat, to at fection had been completed. Tbe Cross, the Cross, tbo has delivered a rejoinder on ibe character and moives <*Lg. 11 :c:udlees were aiso appointed to chooaj deiegites curity by proclximlng that tbe L'mtin cannot be dissolved— piness to the country. The Union party was tbe only na-Cross, be cries, with a voice such as the archangel might iite when summoning tho deal to judgment—ail that b3 oeve in lhat—be thetr sins never so vile—be their hands even red with biood—shall be saved.0 tto Nuiioua) Convsntion and electors for the Stale.On motion the Convention then adjourned unii' t*o ckHk >' M.AFTT1RXOON 3P3310S.Tbe ccrrmittee en resolutiona presented its followingreport, whi«.u w^* uuacimouBly ai'.i>pte<i.—that the steocistlons of the pas-.—the anticipation'if tho tional party in existence. The democratic party nai loll lend a grand military fek, to be giren by Independencebit preoecewor which certainly renders that j relates tes- timony ot no great value on whK.nevar tide it mty bear. He provta by extract* from private cirre«, ocd -nee tillglorious destiny winch awa-ts us as a nation will preveuits i.ationainy. Tbe republican party never had any. ilduard, Company G. Twelfth regiment New York State Mi- i.tia, on the even'ng of February 21, did not come to haniit—that the t.es of kiadied biood, of aooinmou lineage and was alwaye sectional, with but a single idea. The Ueioalanguage will prevent it—that the enormity of the crimo parly should make an appeal to the North and tha S'utri,Among tbe Israeiilish people, he said, it was the cus- M. Rousseau, the bishop •! 1810 was a *uif »eker of—— — i _ e—fttovrirtow was.4tVhen e..a'•Ltf.Aed v~-,p^aa_) f«o..r a. .t«pIe,o«d)It. I1 9Parla Correspondence.open the rostrum, but excused hJmeelf to \ <m net "*«*"» fraa the ternptetkms and influence* »t p>. of ditsurflng *!» ^ h w J ^ * r i t eweWI*wW»»<dia the aidteace, aayiog be wsa auisrr-jg from a very soraf o l SUoUnio?waslBM.^^7^s*^k*»T^Ki^OarParis Correspondence. Paass, reb.t,l Jfr *p*r0seaiaPari* at tke America,: Chafd— EiafcrnrrU Tie Stmy Qvmtim ami the BrtOsk AOtoaos—fasD,,,wuB»&ltbhous«amndl •.i'«"nn»»K^ 2^.*""*'iB?.,"~Sio^t-«tn».l-n»r, t«H*<#«t.e,,w.ai ft"Sfed with the aubetltnte. 11 Jh« Liok>n Ktand He dW not tMn* «wewaIM ^ , M wMto o* mt4Wnla,much danr •• •• *« " " ^ f r 0 S ^ i S " ! ^ « f f i a w s - 4'V?|Sr! P«ww a-acsed tbe a'idienos by relating V r*i.«._-—„, „—,_. wCalifornia,Qxufxm— The Derbies and ateAction "/ the Emperor—The Popes JBscpsMeai 1at GtiutanimtpU—rhtBalls in Paris—Ri^gtr^tk'. Artiste, tie,?"rathVsTvh. thehOB'ttorlh«[greatmassofJs»P*^^ *: maodote,rtta|i ^ experience*n .r.. »., xw.h «ere sound:tfc«y had b"M)tt put >pa raw jn. « 8trr.„-»ni»ft1 to his hearjirie at llio Norin were auu«u««sr TM.« » and fronnd up with a stfing appeal to ha hearers to bs oiual interest, the great Baptist preacher, Mr. Spurgooa,Frit Irade Polky </ England"~ csuay of ttieoj by the ultra demoOata from the fiim ana uBited in tha coming election.Et^ined—huurrectten Pant's Departure from JBSJSJposition behJVfd•BV STuXin'61'EECH.J I^TORWI, a mem«rer of the Senate, then aldtessed thebavmg come acre** the Channel expressly to oi'icntewithin rte walla. His atvent had bsen preri .Mly an-li John fletl shoolr bo nominated ao »*-H«»«d«Ho couM defeat h.nx » V W i a t o tt*there was so mauTt eae evila and abases, great and gross as they maio Now" was * e time for I w s & e * lnx«* k f M ? % S Ct r vi UIKMI. He ha>. looked to the proceedings of to-day nounced by characteristic advertisduieats, and among 1 heard to day that M. TLouvene), ths a s * fore%B mistandard Selrer therfeety a/*, may ee tolerated sad liberty may survive, anj breach. With John Bell as tboir and So'them witrrfmuoh sollcitttfe, bat from what had transpire 1 ho the American and English residents the curiosity to hear sister, had an Interview with Lard Cowley last night, thstbe t» ontry may prosper for a aease/a, white tha *••'«•' would carry the majority of the N « * e n ibody of the people ©uutiaaa untatute*". by eorrafwaj sat Suu«. sad acatter sotttonalj.m to tba wiada, U^«acatterho* long that season may be wiU de/pead upontoe opera- cheers.) rtkm of some of the todirect aad a»»1 ^?fT r ^"^.qoenccsof the abuses aboTe eav aerated- J ^ J * f £ *ohaerved and practised upon tn tie diatrilwtionol Mo Cmvcition. He said tic wasglad to meet so many »f tho of tr-e counrry; but the demonstration of to day ahovs except about half a dozen of tbe Protestant pastors, tikiof Tennessee-. He confessed that for weeks past Arr.rsrrs A HKXNV. of Clarksville, neit addressed fie a great glcom bad settled over the entire faceAmerican caapet, the same feeling did not prevail, for,England, bad roade 6p its mind, if tbe preseatMeaate ccamercial negotiations arrived at maturity, toBeaSscas- tre Nice aad Savoy question rtne die. M Thonveael a re- ported to havesad lb u i h e language of the Karl of ibury, Lord 1'alnn rstoc's .>cn inlaw, ta thePeers, oa the Marquis of Normanbya motloa, g*va a significance to the subject which the 1reach g*. e-rhmeU c< aid net ignore, and that It frit il would be ia vain to pursue the enlarged policy lately determined oa by the respective ministries ef the two countries antes* Fraae* i-cce more extib ted her usuil abnegation.I co not guarantee the tf o h of this statement, hat I received it from a sxurc* which 1 ma sure would not wil- fully mislead rre.The probatu ty it, the Fmpercr fees elftlnctly that, a*) the presence of the Papal queeuon, the immense JifTictfiUeS ifcet ht'Il surround the Centra! Ita'ian question,tbe *#«•*- rrtio of Anuria, the restiets su.te of tbe Ga ..can Clergyhedegged jea'rwey of the rrmopoists, and tha feverish* statecftbemoneymarket,theSavoyquestionaa bagatelle, or that in fact the. purpose Is BuiUciertUy effected for the rcorr ent by the project having been ao far agitatedeigfct yearr. w hen the democracy tamo into ofhso tho Mr, Bell would be abased by the democracy if he was exwDS(« t£ tbe govurumctit were n< t half so great as they nominated by the National Convention; hut it was thsaction, are often able to control the most import*nt cioc krns, and when socccssfvi, virtually aoquire the directionted? No; General Taylor all were abused,aad so would John Belt stwih ca-cumstances, rwttre in disg-isl from the field of poll- aiong tho ccart or had any monuments been erected? no; be] but he would outlive the calumnies of hto enemies.are now. vofo their ticket. General Harrison, Henry Clay an 1 Moot of the best and ablest men of tbo country, under t..h.a..t. had been spent? Had any Hphtbouses been builtn ire Capitol te day. The hall was densely crowded, an I tics—tbe public oflters are for the most part titled with be money ha l gone into private pockets and the country WfLh a union of hands and a union of hearts, and John ties—still a great many persons went to the chapel, onlyVgnvrant and ixcunBpetent partisana, without other merit. hnd never 'Tived any benefit from the expenditures. Hell at the bead of the government, peace and happiness icveral lad**, graced the galleries with their present*. Tfce able and patriotic men occasionally find a place ia the Th'i speaker then went on to say that tbe democracy wanto be told to call again to-morrow, &< the Mtstenger was all A number erf•taYt.ngutsted persons were present, among (ao.net, and others who occupy seats in Congress cannot responsible f(ir Hie reimbltcan party. The democracy would bo restored to a now distracted country, (ap- wrong.plause.) ,be tclater Jeremuh Clemens of Memphis, Hon. Bailte rtileor rive tocelosiraira; Ihey are generally overruled stood convi.-ted before tho world as incompetent and un- Mr. TnxvAjr, of Bedford, and Mr. OOLYAR, of FraakHn, On Tuesday evening, however, the great gun was thereby Urn Zouaves of their own party. The President hinv fai'l fill srrvarts. Ought they th<n bold the reigns ofPeyten, Asgrstus A Henry, Parson W 0 Brownlow ani teO. if he happen to be or a high omler of ability, can give govinnnat any longer: The democratic party lacked. 1 hen addressed the Convention. At eleven o'clock, the and no mistake. Lady Goring, the pious widow of Sirothers, sir Clemens was chosen Chair aas,ant the cii- box litUo attention to great questions of Slate—to questiona patr.otic fervor and love of country, and they were ua- Chair having received a vote of thanks, a motion wasof foreign or domestic policy. Such quentions nave bo- democracy made to adjourn, and carried unanimously. Thus ended Harry Goring, Bart., gave him and his wife the shelter offaiihl'u! hs public servants. With the "Sor of tbe Nashville tftvx Secretary, addreoeed the O»o- ccme of inferior or subordinate emwern, and he is reduce t the mot o was, " put money in thy purse." Th*»tr solo the greet Union Opposition Convention.her magnificent apartment to tbe Place de Clare de Tri- ornph*, aad the American pastor, Dr. Prentiss, welcomed him to his pulpit. The chapel w u crammed to suiTocv tion. Seats were found for the ladies, but by far theft* Ctairman, on taking his seat,I'OWJ at some toagta He avid that as he was ci- l»:ted to say something about the object of the Ooaten- fewe, be had prepared himself acoordlngty Not quiteti the pesition of Chief Justice of a spoils couri, and his time consumedinadjustingthocoaliouhgclaimsofworthless per t*an«. To this an d other cause* before referred to m ay be ascribed tho disordered condititm of tho Post Otfice De- parunent~the derangement of the finances of the govern-object la * ntertig oitke was to rob ana steal Waa there Do"wavtopolthispartyoutofpower?TheUnionwUOurSanFrancisco Correspondence. SAs FRAW3800, Jan. SO, 1M0.F<6ceipts at the United Stotet Branch Mint—telegraph Sn-ertalnly he d!«srlved if the demx-ra's s n e v e d in sleet- ing tl.-"ir ranoidate. Should th" reoubiican candidate be elected, why the secese onists at the South would draggreater number of the gentiemea remained standingsk'Tesi months ago they had assembled there for t*o par- ment and tbe loss of hundreds of millims to the country, them into civil war, and Tenueisee, which wis a border krprire—Tke Broderick Monument—Its Looation—Mili- throughout. Exactly as the clock struck eight Mr. The arguments deduced in favor of annexation may easilypose of gtrtog baale to the enemks of the State, rut were from the'went of a wise and steble revenue policy—nor Slate, would have to bear tho brunt of too tight. Mr. tary Arms for California—The Cliimc *n Califor- ought it to be a matter of surprise in such a state of things Henty tlien went en to depict tbe horrors of civil war,sefeated. Year after year they had gone 'isrth pre. that extravagance aud wastefulness lu the public expon an 1 a?ked the Uniou party if they would stand idly by »L'J , cCc., die.pared for victory, but bad only encountered de dltores should exist to an alarming extent, and that frauds and see. tLe bloody 3trc?gl-' progress? If the Uni m party The receipts of gold dust at the United States Branch feat and now there were but seven represejntaitives and corruptions abound even in hiph p'aees did cct tl-row themselv sinto the breach they would blast Mint for tho week ending January 28 were 8,499 ounces,be allowed to etand over to a more convenknt season,"a Oucgress to represent the wishes sn t feelingsInstances of frauds and corruptions will arise under tbe the. richest heritage that God gave to man.wisest and tpureat administration, but tho rapid ^ro *tU Would they allow their flag to be torn down, their cublio coinage *100,000; silver bullion 15,62-1 ounces, coinage and progress of these evils In the period which has elapsed bc'h.tgs aeraoched, aad their schools burned to the $16,C0O.everyone. He has only just completed his twenty fifthof tbe great opposition party InTenncase*. Toam u t t of the contest in 1869 was knawn to fciaco the adoption of the spoils principle—If principle it prnupri? Were the ashes of Washington to be du? up and*Ura all. To day they were assembled upon a glories an- may be called—leads Irresistibly lo the conclusion, either scalterred lo the winds" The blood of the Biieaker'a Tao Atlantic and Pacific telegraph line has been com-person is somewhat thick set and round shou'dered. There ii something decidedly attractive In hi* physiog- nomy, which baa an O'Connell-like good humor about it, and an expression or openness and frankness not to be inisnadersjtood. His forehead is not imposing, though fairly developed towards th* temples, but the brow is prominent, and tne eye full of intelligence.f Mr. Spurgcon immediately gave out a Psalm, and, after the first verse had bees *ung, *aid:—"Thi* is but a feeble cry, my bearers; could ,we notjslng a littl* loudert"—an exhortation which seemed rather more to affect the or- ganist than anybody else, who endeavored to makeup for the want or vocal vigor on the part or the cbngTega- tion by the inereasei volume or his Instrument. Mr.make war ag%nst the form.dable opposition menaced by the conservative*, aad that incase of the advent of Lord) Derby. peace between the two countries is not worth a month's purchase. It Is thto feel'ng which, combined with the prestige winch Austria has earned for herseU even in deiert and insolvency, operates as an under- current cn ali transactions at the Biurse. The pro- gress ci all securities , u o 1 downward direction, aad all commercial men seem te speak with bated breath ef what may come ceil.There are those, however, wbo do not scruple to ex- press their convictions that this oonUsual troubling of tha waters is a part of a system which Napoleon feels be can- not afford lo dispense with, '.cr-ose, It is f a i l , a for go- vernments deeply rooted in the soil of time. Govern- ments who date their origin from yesterday can only be come Btrong by diverting scrutiny aad speculation to other objects than the source oi their power. For thia it IE that Napoleon keeps the world under a perpetual pro- cess of counter irritations. Everything, every class and interest, is put on the qui vice The workmen a u mate to feel that there Is abundance of employ, that com* what will they shall always be welcome to labor and 1.1 genial fruit. Thus a mam source of uneasiness is effectually van- quished. The commercial classes are made to know thai tbtir own affairs are just now far more important than matters of mere political interest. The clergy are taught that their real bead ia the E:n;.eror himself, and the mili-niTersay—the birthday of the Father of their country—a that the principle itself Is unsound, or that the manner ia day baltcwed. in the anna^ or many a land besides their which it is carried out Is essenUal'l) vicious and corntpt-'ather helped to cement the Union; it was freely ahed on •he field of Guii'ord, aad he felt thot it was incumbent uron hi?:) to stand by that Uniou as ln-u? as be lived. Displeted to Fresno City, twenty miles further than Firo-bsugb's ferry, and about two hundred miles from San iv»n. The speaker then referred to the objects si tbe upon hones' and capable men, that they are political parti- roive the Uoion and what Hag would they be under? Francisco.^hen the public ofllces and employ mints are hc^towed Crien party, which were a restoration of the genaral go sans and supporteri* of the party in power can form DO*trom*nt loscmethjoi? like via original purity, u rod x just ground of complaint But wbea honest and caj-abloUrn is the expenditures of the government, an ! fair„ „ , . . and qaate qualifications for tbe offices or duties to which the/ equal prelection to American tnoor. It iitd esscn'ial that are assigned, and no other merits than their capacity toWould u be the stars and stripes? The llig ttut fhatod over the ctipi'al would be torn down and trampled upon. Wad chans would follow the order that now reignaWhen the Northerner went ashore off Cape Mendocinothe Bum of *28,o6t) in specie, for the paymant of tbe. .^ wii^ „^,W,L,I h* EwltBibi^tcrud (airly the affairs of the republic snouWi beever the land, and the hisses of mankind through- United States troops at Fort Vancouver, was on board, out tto world follow t'aciii to all eternity.-• 1 ect'r.um.cai'.y, or eise sbcticnai alrife ouKI spring m . and civil war and o\o<*i*neu would surely foil)*.te serviceable to the party, or to the amhltious as.jira Was that gallant ghjp of lil>erty to be scittlei? Never. which was lost.tiors of the President, or other high officer by whom he was employed, it is a corrupt abuse of power.M o naticnal politics. Tbe corrupt adnvattrition Ot Mir rected.There was a heavy obligation upon the Union party,stauding, as it did, between two extremes, and acting as abreakwater. They hal a standard bearer among them, business on January 28.and his name was John Bell (Cheers) He was said to The sum of $7,000 has been collected by the Broderick be tco cautious; bin Washington waa ever a cautious man. Monument Association. Tberenteinsof tho deceasedSena- John Bell was a statesman, and a man beloved by thepeople of the whole country. If he was placeJ at thehe'.m cf national affairs ho wou'd safely carry theship of state through all tho danger thai uo» threatensher, and make herwar and b'.oo-lphedtbe Semoeratvc party tries So lasprees upon thu mic,;.• ofThere was $811,317 In tho State Treasury at the close orWhatever well founded objections may exist to the Mo pi.bltc virtce wa» snaicieut to pro.oci tbe maxim that "to the vvejors belong tbe spoils," It has availed; QOthing but volxg lh<* democriti", 1 ciet been too long acquiescei in and too firmly engrafted to l* suddenly changed. If ever changed it mist be a work of time; but it is to be hoped that, for the honor of re- publican hirtiwrtionB, tho abuses and corruptions wbici bdve arieen from tbe manner in which tbe maxim ins been made to operate in practice, may be speedily d i -u>« half of the South that tbe other hilf is un^xiadwuakl enable ithem to escape the :>-in';:.-\ Fie }lu then went ca to day tl.ut the niticnal detnor.racy *as a ba.iJ f national agitators, and bot for th^m no dnoger wauld have threatened ^<s ianitiitlons of the l*revious to 1*!40 the q'ttaiion of slavery never enuredter have been deposited in their final resting place, on tholoftiest peak in the enclosure of Long Mountain Cemetery. Spurgeonthen read the who* of the 103d realm, com-M> Van Buren was snch as to disgust thi ?reat DQ^SJB of the people with htm and ha party. The democracy, hke dro*n'Dg men cluUhizc at a straw, seized upon tne rtavery quesnon, and trieA to make it' an ..wue beta-eon litem and tte'r ptlitl^a! opt»incnts Mvtia Vstu Buroo a as held np \n the or.ty m*n capaolc 01 sustaining the mstilT.tions rf the St>"Ui; hut '. sdbs<>aJ«ni:>° turned outBtit tbe correction of the various abuses in the admin- istration of tbe government, important as it U to the lienor and welfare of the country, sinks into comparative tDBigninVAUce when we "turn to tbe ovetshadowing evil, tbe practical and paramount qmesUou of the day and of the times. It is not a question of abuses in tho practice of the government, it is a question concerning the exist-Walk the waters like a thing of lifeWhile the democrats, were unfaithful to the Union, and the black republicans were teeking to dissolve the Union, the Union party, with John Bell as their standard hearer,would come to the rescue auel save the shla of Sta'o from destruction. Mr. Henry then referred to the proceedings of the late Democratic Convention in Kentucky, and con- demned the action of that body for voting down a resc- mtkiE win. h smacked of the Union. Ir Henry Slay waaTrie spot chosen overlooks tbe broad Pacific on tho west arid the bay of San Francisco on tbe east He is buried at tbe foot of a prominent landmark, erected in 1867 by tho United States Coast Survey officers. The proprietors of Lone Mountain have donated spacious grounds upon which the monument Is to' stand.The people of Haeerville have voted in favor of raising $3,000 by taxation for the purpose of surveying a rail- road route from Folsom to Placerville.A resolution has passed the legislature asking the general government to donate to California 23,000 stand of arms, four batteries of light and fonr batteries of heavy artillery, with fixed ammunition. There is not a State in the I n'.on FOmuch in want of arms as California.dipt. Buford.U. S. A., Col. E. P. Denntsou, U. 8. A., and iieut D. C Houston, U. S. A., arrived in this city ire tn Oregon on the 28th matmenting on »uch passages as Beamed to invite further elu- cidation. In this there was nothing particularly striking, except one, which was the voice. One maat not say it was van etprasterea niehxl, because it would be unjust; but apart from tbe voice and a singularly distinct enuncia- tion, there was nothing hut what a very common place preacher might have uttered. The commentary waa so long that I began to be afraid that nothing more waa to come. I waa, however, mi8taken. After giving out another hymn, the great affair of the evening—the eer-mon—began.The text was Acts, 16th ch., v 31:—"And they said,the oivner o< one or two hundred claves, and a rea.im-. id it.- 5* uth nearly ad bis life, was aisi untrue 10 this sKtiio, *--d ttra Uen -ra! Caas was the only mau :n «lion oor trcn could he cos tide 1 In 1RSJ tliey wore tcld that •Jeneral .^ei.tt, a native <yf the South and a friend of the Iteien, *<i» Dthe keeping of such a thing a* Seward, aal that KraoSlin f- e»cc was the man for tho ountry. So it has ' vcr been yiiito 1810. N'> party but tue democracy has cade slavery a party question; they oa-0 breatled the breath of life into the republican parly, aad ma le it. the streng party that it is lousy. It was curious to notice the r.M of the abolitionists since 1540.cHenient—the result of the compromiso measures of 1H50— the Missouri compromise hne oi 1820 was repealed. It would he useVss to point out or s ingest the motives and designs of the authors of that unfortunate measure, be they what they may, tho effect of the measure «as 10 kmt'.e'a flaree of resentment in all the free States, and totions rotating to squatter scvereigntv, but they did net say a wo id about the Union, notwithstanding it was in such .nomment peril. The Union ptrty stnuld meet tie enemies of their country boldly, and carry to their minds the convictions that the country was in danger, li tney could only succeed in doing that the Union forbelieve on the Lord Jesus Christ and thou shall bo saved, tary, apite of any casual Uif armam-nt, are impressed with1H40 L'.'re were but ?.0»>0 asohiloh votes in lu th- country, io-kr the aduiiuist'-at.on of Tyler it increasedA metnn was here male to notify Mr Bell of his noml- from bed and board.ratlon for the Presidency, aad invite him to make a A memorial, signed by ten thousand persons, ha9 beendo with the world-wide reputation ho has now obtained. His nuency of diction is marvel-incumbents are substituted by others who have no aleihsl tbat tame Van Biren w*3 the leader of a host to the ence of the government itself, which has been broughtNorth who had on their banner inscribed •'Death to sla- into imminent pent of dissolution by the same causesvery ' :n 1P44 they were f>t<i by the democracy that n-»nry and intiuc'iicr? which have hastened the downfall of allCtay was ect to be trusted, and that ha was untruv to the precedicg republics. In an cvd hour, and at a time of dangerous ai the democrats. Tho Democratic State Con- .south In IMS they were sgaic told UiaiUeneral Taylor, rare tranquillity and exemption from party strife and ex- vention in Tennessee met and passei a series or resolu-pjy quieted in i860. It is nee-tlese to reco'intthe means and devices by which the agitation thus recommenced was continued and even increased in intensity, until now when wo find two powwrful parties confronting'each other, the one in tbe N'or'h and the other in the South, contending obstinately for the pe«er ant cmtrolof tho government upon a sectional issue—the right of the South,WirtUM Ewi.w moved that Messrs. Peyton and Henrybe added to tbe list of delegates to tho National Conven-tion, wb-ch was atrreeo to. Tbe names of the seven mem- son, lairick Noonan vs. Maiy Noonan; Catharine Arm- tinder any circumstances would riret attention, there is bers of the opposition party in Congress from the Slate of strong TB. Amos H. Armstrong, and Lucy Gerhold vs. no doubt that the tones of such a voice bav-i much to Tennessee wire also aided to the list. Charles Gerhoid In the last case the divorce is onlySouthern side of the issue; an* the ryht of the fforth, under the constitution, to prohibit slavery in the Territo- ries, being the othor side of the issue—practically, and In effect, aha tractions both at the present Ume, in the opiniontlemen to wail upon Mr. Bell.MwAL BROWN'S STTtKCH.ants uf 1776 ;n takixgjip the *se t.i strike at the r.vjt? 01 in restoring tbe wont»d harmony of the country, and to • canger was equally great In the days of Old Hickory cf your constituents wbo labor will be compelled to Ixiiid ci es were heard on al! sides of to? Ball for Bi'ue the spoils 1rineipie operate'with shefrusoal eif.-ct instimu States to the s^uth of tliom would repudiate tue demo- < becked. Oilier rfa^ocs are given. Those who have thalive '.bey would net have dared to commit such an out- rage. The black republicans were dangerous, but not soaid Manly Dyer have been discharged in Tuolumne Bible to exaggerate its majestic volume and penetrating r<new wih K-a fold violence the sectional strife and dis which their fathers had fought and bled would yet be routty; W. H. Philbiick in Amador eoanty, and Charles quality. Tbe walls of the American chape! seemed readywealth. Preiound observers point out how Louis Philippe escaped with impunity so long aa one assassin after an- other kept blazing away at him and interesting the work! ia his personal tafety; but the moment he was let alone and tranquillity aeemed to have taken his dynasty to her peaceful bosom, tbe feet of bis throne were rudely tora asunder and tbe nttnarcb was turned adrift. We shall never be quiet, it is urged, therefore, so long aa -Vapoleoa Bits where be does, and the only thing to take care of is, that some substantia) advantage accrues out of such a state to the countryThe encyclical kiter of the Pope was read in every church of the empire last Sun lay. aad tbougw nothing in tbe shape of outward lemonstratien was mai. tested, it is well understood that tbe gevrument Is perfectly aware ol tbe danger attending such manifest-ies. Tiie Ooat&tu- {tcT<fiel, as a set off again! t the brochure of M -uv. -^n- iir Do-panloup, Bicbop of Orlean- hid published tho letter of atenner Bishop ef Orleans in the reign ef Napuleon I., whenhe temporalities ef the 1o; 0 were, as now, s subject ofcord upon th-5 subject of slavery wh'ch tied been si hap saved. (Applause.)S. 1'ctter in A'amc-da to crack under the peeling notes that rolled in torrents Decrees of divorce have been granted in this city In the from the wonderful tunes or the man; and although Mr.te over CO,COO In Polk's time it r»e to over 20C.OOO.In Kl»'more*s a Imtnirtration it fe'l il«»o to liT.noo. Withllerct- s administration it rose asato Thai goo<l natured,hut weak and vaselllatiug jp.iitleiuan, by lis course ofconduct, lL-rcased tae vote to over 1000 (00 la BucLatari> l:aie the vote has irv.reasod. twofold, untl thewhole North, as't wer», has t>e«ome abohtroo .:.•!. Ttiet.'nk 0 Opiotitma Convention t^d a high d-ity to p-.Ttorm, of many of the most enlightened men e>f tho count.-v, joiced that tbey had the good fortune t<i bear the ser.'i- workii>g classes of our own race. We believe it requires ellects. A little more piano in the less impassioned passa- and that was to us* every m^aus in their pow-r ti pre North ainl South. Nevertheless, the same motives ments utteieni by the Committee on Resolutions. The no argument to convince your honorable body of tho in- ges would certainly be better, but so great is his power of serve untouched the i>i»t 'utions which had been hiu ie.1 and closes which originated the controversy operate principles c! the address were unan« *erable and appealed ability cf the latter to compete with the former. If, how- increasing the volume, that when excitement carrier himto them by their 1' .iters Tnere wa* ao csuse for wi'h the same force to keep it alive. the soo- to tbe gcod sense of thn peoplo. If they went with the ever, one should be required, we will state that the coolies away with his subject, the tones ot his voice and the ra- tion.il ha'o and alienation engendered in the j ami slavery party at the North the Union waa eudau- can be hired in this city for from 75 cents to $1 per day,eown tiie desc iod 1 gered, and if they went with the democratic party tiie they boarding themselves. It must be evident that those Fidity of his utterance are something more than human, break ng up the T'cion—u<> c»iuse to justify protracted strife add greatly to the dltticulttesunder'hi* constitution, to carry slavery into tbe Territories, anu hav& it urotucted there by Congress, being tho speech. The Chair appointed a committee of three gen- scLt to the legislature, representing that the greater lous. He never hesitates for an in-tant; h.sof utsunU n ai-a-nst mankind will prevent it, ant that if and he hat no doubt the appeal would not be in vain. until the last few days. This wis owing to myabsencnothing else sLou'.d avail, the magnitude in the material With sectionalism in the North and sect dualism in theinterests dej, udent upon the preservaUoa ev.' tho Union South, tho Ution was brought to the verge of rum. It waa from Richmond.the duty, then, of the Colon opposition party m step ia It won! 1give me pleasure te pay my respect to the gal- saved by tuch Uaching It should be remembered that and put a stop to the discord that reigned over the land. act Twelith regiment of New York, but I regret that myhonors acti rewards fiom t e IarjierUt pTwer—that he et-ked for a barony for hioi-el* from the Emper-.r which bis nephew should inherit, an 1 all som of good things beside, and that aa for hs quotations of Boaeuet, Fenelon and Fleury, it was quite clear that ne bad never had either one or the ether—that he was, in fact, a mere Imperial preacher, w.th 00 cooc3ptt-->n of the rights of the Galilean church or the Episoosal digaity.Sir Jobn Bowrmg, two da) a ago, favored tbe Pojiioo- Econ<mic*l Sccaty of France, under the presidency of M. Mr. Spurgeon then proceeded to mentim several of the Patsy, with the reaulta of toe free trade poticv of Great presumed obstacles which prevented his hearers having Britain He-showed the increase of the nation*I wealth, the advantages of the Red«emer's merits. But to my the advance cf wages in all the departments of industry, thinking tbe character of these obstacles was too homo the diminution of crime, tbe rt-ducuou of p»r ra'«-s, and geneous—there was not sufficient distinction; he did not the progress and prosperity of every class of citizens. Sir dive deep enough into the recesses of the human heart. John drew a vivii picture of the alarms ani menaces It was one perpetual song,however varied, of • 1am nH which preceded tbe introduction ef free trade, the man- ner in which sad forebolings were disproved by tbe ex- traordinary benebis all classes bad derived from it—such as increased consumption, augmented profits and general contentment, combined with a universal conviction that Ihetritbsoi political economy are ae benelice-nt ia their itili-t nee as they are unanswerable in their logical cooclu-will prevent ,ts diemeiubcrment. Tho Union cannot beTte mt'B.btr« of Una Couventian, choien Q primary the lies of blood and natura' affection are often He was with tiieni to the death in the struggle for the dtitita at homo forbid m« to be absent, and particularly tbe route; way wardens surveyed it from time to tifoe,lHHKH-xS AMI R&-OI.VTIONWSneetiDgs of the people in their respective coaaties, and brokeu bv- repeated wrongs—thai a family quar- Union.representingtnesenuineutaandopinionsofallthose, relofailothers,when enteredupm,isthew b e U t r w h i e * , democrats or Americans IU t mes jiait,arbo Vi«w wnh couceru and not wilhjut a'aru> the presentpolitical C(IB,:I'AU of the country, have convened for the•au-potse of taking counsel together, and to adopt sujh energies of all good men, North and Stouth, aod with the The CH-irRM.'N colled the Convention to order at half past United states of America. That is hich eno'-ch to be pu-that no obstacles might impede the culprit's flight. Every hillockwasremoved,everythingmadesmooth,thattie cities of refuge might at iast be reached. Even ao, he continued, 1 will endeavor to do this night, that the salva tion o' Jesus may be laid hold of by all who hear me.most bitter ana relentless—that a eent.m<>nt often proves stronger as a mcti> e U> action than materia! interest So! Tbe salety of the Union depends oti the united action uudlive of country will forever sacriiice all eectlonal and fac- tious feel.iijzs on that alttr which is higher and nearer heaven than any 0 her altar on earth—the altar of theSMin 11 mi as may"appear best to awaken toe sleeptog pat- blessing of tbe Uod of oir ratherf upor. their efforts, the riot *Ld arouse tbe iLd.Jen.t t.. a sen.se o' thi im-,<etiding Union can and wl'i be preset veil.raangvrs, and to unite ther cte gtes to save the countryrrom the disorgantz'Dg and revolut >nary spirit o the Resolved, therefr re, by the dele^ate^ of the people oftsmes. They believo ttiat Use time ..as zoni-i, and will aot Tenr-eesce, m cocventioo BRaonibftod, That wo will unitebrook pottpoLement, wh.n. if ever, thr prigrees of with all good men everywhere, and devote all our ener- cheers. Order hav,iig ben reficreJ, ilr. BJII proo>e4odpies to maintain cud perpetuate the Union under the con-stitution'as 11 is 1Rttolvec . Toat tho true test ofdr "'.on to the Union is the practice of ready oixditriice tain? req uremeni3 of the constitution.nbkscs «ni corruptions tu r-er ~overame;it which all his tery thoweare the pa-eats »t:d torerunuers of revolu- tun aLd anarcuy, may bo etayed, it they cauuot bo era- data .<dThat we may not be a<*c s>ed of exagg^ratina; tue extent a( the existing abuses and d'torders in itu bo.y p>>htks, and of overrating their •! -tstruu-i and baneful ooa»e-qoetri*, abrV-f enumvrati <ti and descriptn>c of s.)m« of tne more prominent of them will be euoimttel t>tho Jedgmeut of the people, wbo atone can apply a reutady.A little more than thirty yea's ago the editor of a news- paper in New Hamp«btrf, wh/j hal rudely assailed thu Character of a Secretary of Slate, was denied the publish- tag of the laws of Congress, a job io*iguitijaat to value, which bail been accorded to bun <m ier ,>revtojs admin- Istratiocs. This was denouaeed at the tiin.> by tho wnoio appos:tt«n M an aot of tyranny an J abuse of execuuro patron*ge sn attack u;iou the freedom of the press— apon liberty itseif—in pnwoniog the Co m u m i r o n which was d* rived one of its chief supports At this day, stra-jg* aa it may appear, without any change in the form of go- vernment, important p . otic offices are frequently bestowdd npoo the proprietors aud -iditurs of publicjurna'a in thointerest of the administraton, and jobs and contracts vices, his broad und expansive patriotism, his unswerving that his cours-i would meet with their approval. lie did notworthy." Moreover, there was a tenderness in his man ner of stating objections which were subsequently to be demolished by himself.Resolved, That we are r.p;»-is«id to drect taxatloo, and in favor of a tariff adequate to the expends of an economi- cal administration of the general • >vernm. nt, with spo ciflc duties where applicable, ditcrimiuating In favor of American labor.The Will of John Rose.The subjoined ie a copy of tho will of tho late John Ro3e,the well known New York millionaire:—I, JohnRosc^of the city of New York, do ratke andResolved, lTiat tbe lion John Sell, in tho opinion ofthis Convection, poetesses superior qua, rlcations for theoiooc of Pre*ident; his long aud distinguished snb'ijser- would some Cay or utior sustain hiir. m his po?i ion, nodordain this to no my last will and testament, aud do ap- was, bow do these thoughts suggest ibemselves; havepoint my baother, Cbauneey Rose, and my friend, A K ustin they a etquence; do ihcy follow one another in says the Pontiff, "that can count the revolutions whichphases of his political fortune, entitle bitn to our warmest confidence and suppcrtWe commend him to our fellow cltisens everywh<)ae, and the delegates appointed to the N'a'icinal UuionCouvea tion are instructed to use all hotforui le means lo procure his nomination. asatua rsTTo.s s SPESCH.Ban-is PSYIOX was then introduced to the C invention.measure of his amhitiiu was fail, for they had awarded him much more t.iar. ho vws rea'ly entitled to, aud though notliisg roigti w m " of the nouiuation, still he ibould always appreciate suih a dntingiii^hed mark Of their consideration. Tne honor wa« ore which no future contingency-could ever wrest from him. (Cn s of "Gooil.'') To be aominated by so large a body of the cithr.eti8 of the State to such a high oflce was aa honor netthis will.In st—I devise that any just debts that I may owe shallbe promptly paid.Second—I dee ise that any certilicates of stock standingin my name, a- trustee for otters, be duly transferred as tbe owner thereof may wish.Third—I give ana bequeath to my brother, Chauaceythey dart upon me, now here, now there.'* Then, said myfriend, they aro supernatural—they are no part of yourreal nature: it is Satan jealous of a Soul that is resolve 1 tobe none ef his, tormenting it in its passage uoward Beno longer enslaved by blm; cert him out. You know it take bis departure from Rome In this case the FrenchHe said it wa? a touching sight—such a re umoa of old easily to be forgotten. (Applause.) Ko man could sayfriends. It carried htm back to Istu aad ltujx, »Ui even back as far at iS30. Ua a): th-«e ooeasious fence»see did her duty. She displayed Jeveted polrtotmm aud devoted courage then, and 6he will do it now. Tne signs were plain. He saw men around him whose hearts were glov-\ log and burning with devotion to tb j luiou <>a all o;;»- siots unflinching courage and devoted patriotism was the the wholesome doctrines aud sent)meats ! standard of Tennessee. A spirit of er'l were abroad in 1 of his immediate suooeasors upon those the land, and the very detil s-^eaieu to nave got into the •objects lost much of abelr force and respect I leaders of political parties. The country was now in thewiib truth to hinnelf that there was not danger of the Union being dissolved. At a time like the present, whea it would require all the judgment, prudence and ability of tbe greatest statesmen that ever lived to administer the affairs of the genera! government, It would bo aa easy task to beal the discord which everywhere pre- vails throughout the land. The nomination that ho badjust received testified to his prudence, flrmnees aud abill ty. No higher b-mor could they wafer upon aim l> ha should happen to be the choice of the people for the highest office lu their gift, all hts energies, all his time! aad all his past expeiience would |.e devoted t» restoringthese unseemly intrudes in your mind—tie them to ths cart's tali and lash them out of Bightment for her kind attentions during the many years I till at last his congregation aang s o l o id that the we! am hare boaided with her. aud with whom 1am now board- rang with their song of praise. Tho collection made atl to office, provided the e s B s n t w S J I n £ J T . hoaa party That was the pedigree of tao great N'ortaeru the Owveulion. In the course of his remarks Mr. u ,i,j*VcBtraaT' J ^ t a S f i 2 S ^•ja^H a- ^•^^•SS^as^BfJBsV^ sPagMltl •''•ttorecta af the tiblc for all uf the evils growing out of tute akvery uuse0,rtha 1 of offios aresorioed not known by th« coatrit KJ»a. oouraajaever' •tof* aa saaeiad ounw; life. Toey arere was all very line for South Carolina to lalk about s^coaafen hi* request we sign as witnesses of the same.the operntioatfa now matin in ditpeasin; ex*1patronage, that "to the victor* beioug Uusp>.u," z^ •* »: to them ail aa a i Uon, sad anoouooed his Uetermlaatioo to w i«e an exteepresents, in the city of New York, this 10th day of No-her maiden name was Thompson, he baptist tbo twaiaOnmotion,ttieConventionthena.ijourneduinil714* o'clock P. Mfor tcveral months now passing. Ic^rtl.a'lyuniu;InyourProPairiaseutlment.Truet ft at the Ustoa. was still ia the hands of the people,thanked Goa that he had a heart that wermad this modern*oa of thunder was extreme. Amoag tb*EVENING PEfCUON.the rights of any, tho weakest and humblest, without in the cud endaiigerit g the liberties of all. Let the many and the Btrorg, then, renumber that thero ia a moral pow-er in right and j o u e e and love which Is strongerseven o'clock, when ilr Brownlow, t'tiauman o'tboCmt-mtitce appended to wait upon Mr. B-il, annoim- •u ;• .vMr F-ell win prefect uud wis r<-a :v i;i re^rxiud. Mr. K_dlthen appeared upon tho rostrum, when he wis groe'od wisdom to see and to teel that it is impossible to invadewith the meet hearty aoplause aui lout an I prolongs!to addicts, the Convection as follows — Ml. liSU.'.S Sl't-KCIlMR CHAIRMAN • L> ,:E.N-LEM;--V ot THE f OWTI.VTION--Jp tbsn si,y merely Unman might—because it is the powerof Almighty Gcd. If wo would preeerfo our great atid glortoas confederacy free, then, let us do justic-s to all equally and alike, and moke our Union not one of bonds, but of a flection. Thia can easily be done by strictly oh- cervcg the constitution and laws, and by ceasin.; to tole- rate sectional end eociel strife. Follow Washington's Fare- well Address, snd so inculcate everywhere to every- body this coming 22d of February, A. D. 1860. With theAs character islie of tbe man, however, I will mvsnlioa two examples.thank you siDtereh 1 «• the honor 5«ei have done na* to day. It is more than I expected—n\ ~u ihaa 1 deserve Words are ina:e<jiiat - to express lo you my aikr.o*-R>snivel. That the con; o.ie 1 agitation 0' the slaveryquestion, while it promifes no profltah'.e re«ult :o any leJgmtuts for the h-^-h honor yen have coal'tit-section, is fraught with inti.ii'^ m.s-.hleftj to the whole red u[ion one so hsmiilo in life. Ho then referreacountry—Injurious to alt material interests—retardingmoral progrees—inipariug the na<i inalcharacter abroadpresehtng the aepet;! o> weakacss troui .ccirable disspn-tions at home, and thereby invjt'ng huuilts ind aggrot- less of the tonseqiirTjr'R. The peojiio 'of "T-nuesse-t had highest respect, yours truly, HENRY A. WISE. Biocs f-om loreign I'owers-limperiiinfr the pace of thecountry and stability of the Union, a a l that >.t ought,therefore, to ceaseOne man will say, I have already taken Chr«at to myheart, but I do not experience tho jjy 1 had proai sel my- BIOCB. Ihe state of the tilk trale—that when oertttnlyto bto late act3 in Cei.ir'ss, aud eai 1 that alth mgh Ida course wa8conde.mied by many of ;us cooslitujiits, stffi he actei according to the b,st of hi? .iu'grceat, regar*self, and certainly, God knows, many put on such a loik of woe with their religion, draw such a long faoe (he, the preacher, here, wiih his finger ani thumb, ma te a sign ae tf elongating hiachin lotbotoird button of his waistcoat), that tbey are enough to frighten every mortal soul awaybad most to fear fiom competition with France—had in- creased in its exports, since tbe abolition of the protec- tive sj st- m. from £300,toO sterling lo £2.500,000.There is a report of a formidable insurrection btv.ag broken mil at Constantinople Telegraphic despatches to that effect, Uiocgh wlbout date, have reached the govern- ment journals, the Paiis and the Patrie, which the Cxaslt- (u 1'f.Tn I reproduces **Tbe Aiitlrian Gauiu gives s letter from the Pope lo Napoleon, dated from the palace of tho Vatican, 8th of January. His Holiness hits the Emperor hard whea he says—Your Majesty makes the repose of Europe depend on tbe cession by th; Pope cf the Le- gations, which during the last fifty years are aaid n bare caused embarrassment, Ac, Ac --But who is there,''snstaiLCO hm m h.u course, aud he lelt p'oul of it L';>m his retuiii bom« iioiii Washington, a:u-r n.iviog cast one of the most iai|«oi!aul votes thai ever w.i*i c<tst, some CjT bis friends met him an i said they were afraid tbal ii: hid made a mistake, and comxi.tmi an error which would injure Ins future prospects. He told them that he had acted according to the best of his judgment and b .ii.-f, and only did what he c insuiared to be his duty. He kaetr that tbe course woi.ld be obnoxoi.3 to a great ma-ay if his fellow citizens, iiit he hal a hope that the paetpleJas. A. Boyle, Command't; I- F. Harrison, Chairman; from tbe courts of the Lord; but the joy tbey wish foresteem and consideration. In accepting the nominationit would not be proper for him to enter into any discussion upon the doctrines aod opiuiooe of any politi-cal party- His whole record of twenty eight yeanwas before them, aao it was pretty generally known Becould only say that the sentiments ountamed in the pre-amble and resolutions which had been adopted hv theConvention met with his most hearty aad cordial apnro as may be properly controlled aod placed thereto, aad val. He agreed with them In every word the resoluttoaa particularly those youth who may be compel led by cruel uttered, aad he would not alter them in tbe l^ast He and dissolute parents or guardians to pilfer or beg m and congratulated them upon the ttate of public feelio* In about the city, believing that such an association and es-difficulty to suppress. But neither the extent of his education, "nor his natural genius, qualify him, I think,for obtaining a permanent hold on the more ele- com try are to be tailed with locuta A wn^r is thefcieg like it in the history »f politics. With ih>*> remarks be hoped they would remain satisfied, and thenwuhdrew rrom the ptelfonii amUst a storm of apuJauae: i $800,C0o be not raised aa aforesaid within -diverably adapted for arresting brutal sin in the mi1st of its KaW JiBOT.—Occupy ag Ihe whole State.an.oouoav'sswamJaexMi GouiiAY of Kentucky, was then wtrodueed to•year*aftermydecease,thenaadiathatevent, I1 devise and bequest my aaid trustees to give to toe Ame- atom of conceit or pretence. There is no drawling, no htr n» r iver on the west! riean Colonisation Society one-half the amount 00 pro- cant, a e muffling, no praise God bare' bone3 about him M*aMji>n—From Anne Arundel county to the middleby th* names of Charley and Tommy—thus doubly pre ij-isat of jt'flat son havebeea re»-er-- 1, aai - , M # •a iadtaisrayaamptoye-i groat wl*lom and mmatiug war againat that party as long u o« livel. It by the testator to be bis fast will and testament, aod by serving his wife's patronymic.unce boMen are «rperte,t and roeaire 11> interfere %atscaff to electlcaa aader peaajty of dbxttsmal, and totthe whole corpa of civil afltsera aadsmpltiyes a a l l W pwa ise slavery h s l ^ n w e f f i f f ^ k "l**"?1 COal"«aepeaseass, a buadrcd th*eeaad or more «n aota*Mf, *m r» « = - ^ ^ r * ^ » t » w a i the TarntorNi—ao 1and civil war. Sha would not have ta boar the brunt rf the figbt, as TeDC-sste and Keoiudty woidd. The bloed of ciitatis living in the herder States would fiow fraetv cacugb, but how lar South Carolina was wuhng and nre- , pared 10 bieed be did not kn >w. He etiwed his remark* with a bitter deuunciidlah Bgamctall dlgaafcjs4s quoUaaJOHN RO-iE. CJUS. P. CJIBI^XIW, No. 40 West Twenty sixth street.*Jmix OIRarris. No. 211 West Twenty third streetJ Haaav W. Bataroa, Mo. 18 Sand* street, Brooklyn.A B«; SVIT—The Supreme Court of Pi. u with a case luvolrtoju-.tvio. Itiathe tbe'thunbus,Piqijtii g an ••ini' uvur conaidvrahk- attcLiiC"..Woaa.v OornriMi —At the last Chenango Circuit, heldby JuCge Beleora, 8ve suits were tried ia which women tunity lo u st the correcuteas of the assertion that they dopcrsed aver the eaaatry, eoestit ssa a standing peidieal ^>- ail folly•hoe fnraa-draiaed bands, djs»p*»ne4 » aap lurvwi teaaoous oa that prtat, te thewhich may bo required in upholding ths ptrty la p>aw. quake feeling which had aaaJceai , At»»«ry CaWKtor's offle? ia the i*rg» cit<*s. at ev*ry what was to save the country troc^m*B to be ao *«* too earthwire plaiotff*. Ths first waa for Blander, rn which ths assault and battery, in which the plaintiff recovered $400;to jht oafltre, l»at OCice to every crty end respectable vtriage rathe cut the atraat arts of the ajjaoaiaia aasaTsmiL *!3»*J^fthe hues:—'the third waa on a note, to which, usury was set up, ia • THX$:o,rco CaaLiEXRs Arx?iTTtr> —The ebaflrege offeredwhich the plaintiff recovered, $1*1; the fonrth ww for by MuJ. Paean that feH* three year ell Albfoa, Jooeethe pte'Di-tr had a rerdhrt for $300; the Hco; or, cao heat in? tjree year old In theUn.t©d S'-atee,aor?et,brif, he det.rt Uut wasahw a wooan, 0.1, in,!. Uilit for $10,«<v, one fourth forfeit, over totuMnora#re>.>. Tbey atoef *iven fortho Haai:ori>Tourse,ne*rlamile-o S C,nextfa'l,saystherine 1 ef all the dross of lower and lesser feelings; and vhcre pure patriotism exists there can be no danger to the rights or any or the liberties of all. It Las the refinedHenry Magratb, Treasurer; P. Jardines, Secretary; Cn R. ChurcnilJ, Ch. F. Williams, Committee, &c , &a.Is already nigh unto them if iheir faith be but sure ani steadfast, Ac , A cThe other was—a sinner's prooeness to indulge in evil thoughts wh;le employed about holy things, ki.I was myself, said Mr. Spurgeon, addicted to this blas- phemous tendency, aud it grieved me so sorely thn I wrote to an ancient Christian, long us- .1 to analyze the phases of the In man mind, on this subject H<s answerEighth—I give to the Orphan Asylum of the city ofpious verBoseness almost as marvellous as the majrn ficeatorgan nature has endowed him with. There is no doubtbut he has considerable humor, which it costs nim somebigut" are just a* attractive as ever.The Loeaats of lSAtl.Every year somebody predicts that portoes of theNinth—I give and txqueaui to my aforesaid executors all the residue of my estate, real and personal, to bold tbe same in trust for tho purpose of encouraging and aid- ing to found In the city of New York an extensive benefi- cent association that wiil provide aad establish two or more farms as reoepUves for mainUtning, eduoatioogand employing, or apprenticing out such poor white children8FURQE0NC0BDITI0H OPR V H w f l i npurport or which was that the French government, • fas* the whole, platform of tha opposition ptrty French, if one may judge from what was seen at the of the unpleasant sensattoB the project had created m>om to have cities of refuge for those who had committed involuntary acts of crime. It wai a morcifui dispensation, and every means was taken to renaer it available. The paths of refuge were male straight, sign posts indicatedwaa an old usage when a vagrant wandered from his pa- rents to levy contributions upon others for the autboritiea to seize him, aud tie him to the cart tail and vvaiphim out.Tbe expectation is a general one that the Pope witl sooa troops arc to remtin and place the population under the re-gime of the code Napoleon, and to put the Ho'y Father'sbouse in order against hie return. We have all read of tint letters, papers, clothes watch, gun, and such like things, Even to, let me admonish you, my friend sai I, to ti tg off Scrtputural dwelling, tuto which after being awept ani gar-Rose, the sum or $20,000, as, also, all my trunks, books,nished, seven greater devils came and took up their abods. One would be sorry thai the precedent should serve ia tbe case of Pio NonoFancy dress bain are to be given on Saturday, tbe 18tb, The reverend gentleman 1* a great advocate for honoring tbe Simedi Grot, by Madame Ls Fould, on Sunday, the Jehovah with a loud voice. He likes tbe psalms to be 19th, Bntmsrke Oras, by Count Ch Tasener de la Pager*; Sixth—I give to Mrs. Adeline Orcult, in acknowledg- sung lustily. Whitfield, he said, always encouraged this, aad on Tt esoay. the 21st, Jsrmii Gras, by Genera) Fleury,wine, ,VcFourth—I give and bequeath to my brother, HenryRose, the sum of $12,000.I; th—I give the sum of $1,000 to each of my firstOf course Mr. Bourgeon advised his hearers, under like circumstances, to go and do likewise.ceeds of aaid trust estate, and the remainder they wilt Aad tt ia said that he preserves the utmost simplicity of of St. Mai> s county, from the Coeaapeaae to the PotomacasrapVta" patriot and a I lecurttv tor the performance oi thetr respective dutiesj^^x.——— to the t with delight He held that the democracy were resiioa. under this wUl. In witness whereof, I sign and seal these she has twins. Aad as his Christian Bsme is Charles, andvember, lathe year 1863, Signed,sealed aad declaredP A B » , Feb.9,1800.Spnrgeon, escorted by a number of pastors of variousrereiiision*, made his way from tho v-sstry to the pulpit. when those eventualities with which the wwrnb of time is His extreme youthfolnes* seemed vividly to Impress already pregnant shall come te lightGreat uneasiness undoubtedly prevails. A general no- yea*. Hi* stature la rather below the average, and his tion exists that the wrrg ministers, in England cannot tongPair ick J. Cassin and Jos. ph L. Wilson wcro discharge 1 thou and thy house."from their debts, under tho 'nst>'vent act, hi this ctty on tbe belief that great events are at hand in which the rote theySatcrday last. J. A. Jackson, G. W. Gates, A. H Gates I have mentioned Mr. Spurgeon's voice. It is impos will play shall be p-egnact with honor, dist.actton andfolkiwirg cases:—Margaret Johnson vs. William H. John-Spurgeon has a command of a copious imagery, whichportion of the Chinese population here arc held, by asuperior rauk of their own people, in a state of servitude;und thitt by reason of this bondage the masters arelittle to say in reference to tbe evils of tho day. He ro- enah'cd to bring their slaves into competition with the intonation that it is capable of produsing very strfiiiogNKAI. HKOWN- then addressed the OoaventionHe hadheard Lim last night aal again today at two o'c'ock, the tree of liberty. Tt-re wae no redrew for any ini lry make the prospect of accomplishing that great and deei the Unicn WHS above all price. To day tha Jacksol a'.-ar.t.'eh the field to the Chinese should this system be and us I write my ears are sti'l ringing, as a soldier's after beycnJ tne hmita of th^ c ostttuttoti (\p;>ivise ) rable end suii more gloomy, the pojrer aad Influence ol democracy were afraid to pass Union resolution'?. The permitted to increase and fasten itself upon our Slate un a mighty battle, when the roar of the cannon has almostPeyten, wbio the p'-otiemi n tvme forward aod Raid that Uto l'<uven!ion bad better proceed to du a little work Before any more speeches w ^ g made,. Titey would htiarrem h.m tn tee afiernoorOamot;en a commutewas appointed i~>drawup aferns of resotnttocs expressive of the secse of the meet-if they thendared to referredtalk of theUnion. The horror* that people oi1Is'irg the anUgonistic parties to put forth ail their energies 'n-maii-taming the conflict. All these circumsuocjscombined have ci rated painful anxieties as to ihe futurain the mar's of thousands of patriotic citizens in both se>o Tennessee, and implored the Union party to throwpetition in < harge claim that it is the largest ever know la this Siate.aL t t t c r f r o m G o v . H e n r y A . W i s e . KBAKNOBFOLK,Va.,Feb. 15,1800.tttinned him.Mr. Spurgeon is an out-and-out follower of John Calvin.Jueuhcation by faith is the chief corner stone of his creed.cracy speaker clvd warwould bringtoupon theHe ia evidently a true and honest believer. He has diecuseien, and there-is no t'oubt that n doiog so the seml-started from a point from which he cannot ever supposeanappeal,andisalreadyassureofsalvat-.auasifhisper- cfilc-ialjournalbaacaughtaTaitar,fortueexistingbishopwords literally leap from him; and, accompanied Wiihth.it sonorous organ, strike ever pleasingly on the ear. Hi does not always make the mest of it, for such ia his variety ofand at the same time, wbo it there that would dare to say to the great French nation, that for the re»se of Europe tbe limits of tbe empire should be restricted*" snd, may be fbsad a rioiii'eai oiab room fro-n wheoc-j M •wemea.vesgivingiaitru.ti n*toih-ifithfu'.Jhc DaittJ of the ed«ctj|« [fiBChjae ia the preacal tiarwccmlr-g revulatoa. rteotf. Cereltwa, which had b e a a a d S . untonStateeverilsee18SS nowwaatoT^aesieetc.BSSon. 'or a.tongue to rursa tha sUro V«»oceueaaoo,likea4ea/lyblight,Comes o'er tbe Coupri'i ef toe brave. Jo biaat thtio 111 lueir hour cf m ^hther at AUaato, «r torncoBveatent point for the t ^ a a *Thomas M. Tryniski 309 South 4th Street Fulton New York 13069t •'. girl, and five fVr ib.t> defendaji, asHor.tri.a.sM (Ala ) a..V, ha< been aoce.Med by U-sera1. *Ai T. VT Dcsweli 1 a tUeir rcvo-ue coil Exchec,aer.Untitled Documentwww.fultonhistory.comcot »i>t>t«r regularly every sweaters years. None of tb* Plaintiff obtained a verdict for $i00; the second was for Soutiivrit irioti (thirteen year locostsj appear tlusyear.the *»» turiif 