 » falrsa, »no©w»f 4pnH "which hM- vstiQ.!*«•»,•» to nOxnoblotcha,» of new infer- fetreattutontef • aaam * aiag«><*«^a*>by.the hater wrb- 'adors, and p«~of Schiller& an excels*** ces of German fe nf the tckoUr sr©*t, the4 ••ia. 13 artua *• tlM» nxs*of many years, searchandripe tneons in their5 personality of vein of thought positions whichy occupied Car-can scarcely hoat of typograph-•*###*«; Cdptada^jeaeral CcndrA, and o t l ^ h%h frmctiotittie«t »T3and persons of dhjtraction. 'This trial was made under*h su£*wti>*is appended to copious and ex-If Ericsaon'B Caloric Engine, then, claimed to befinished and ready for market. They say in a letter not intended for publication, but from which we have been permitted to make an extract:the work that formerly required several strong ne- groes. There are other engines employed in mincing tobacco, hoisting, driving corn mills and wood-working machines, pumping water, &c.; but by far the mostth a portrait**dch presents as aid he s>*etihed eir bitterest ad-rmkuB. 13os*. gp.inJ SooiMjr. T e L » X Carabater &.artist bore an inpoxtant part—13 given fro x his own of Bapbael, or the BatbB of Titus, in all & >man art, apsis these memoirs. The works of Schefie • have had and the ancient art of Greece; but their aggregation orjamting jat (Pompeii, Herculaheum, the imperial p>JL.ac-.«*ind baths of old Koine.. As tho nee of this room is" Fince then wo have kept our men" constantly at work on caloric engines, and to day oar orders are in excess of OUTability?»*rj* &p!»r• • *di8tinfc.u jihejtl naval oommandere. This style has been eixty and seventy-inch cylinders were I standing in the Waite of Cbarlestown, who u&nn it.to drive a morooco- steam engine obviated these difficulties, but it created always : egardedjby the intelligent critie andama'eur'S«MMlX<SaiMUiavd discoveries conspicuous or s first owed hiewords of The' Lrundel Society account of the i of St. Maria;targechrome-ted tothe mem-hat* affectedly•at of the greatbed connissoojccommoE dee for modern decorations, yet in most of the palaces jf Europe a Bpecimen of the manner is thought neceeaaiv to the completion of a museum of beauty j so that Kajihael and other old m store of the fifteenth can* tun ha^feemplbyed it in the decoration'of the Vatican, in Bom« I.azjd otixttr palaces in Italy.". I -This, of course, makes the best of it, andi possibly renders onyjfurther description supererogatory.' In one sign- The intention, we believe, was to oover the or two jiKiihts, however, we beg leave to differ witii"there(»misforthe. CommitteeonNavalAffairs;"nor tensively,ueod. The first engineappjied topumping have also farnishedengmestoj.theproprietor of The The advantages to bederived fromthe application do we $bknowledge that this manner of decoration is water at a railroad station was erected at Waltham, Maine Farmer at Augusra; for a bakery at Wilming- of Ericsson's engine to the grinding of sugar canes wereu It has lately ing, and ismed i heat way cf walla" of the re the negtooV anfully studied y the Art'pfli-V ..ria ted as a first The Mill ooqail to the "Dictionaryso as to bo with special furors, is am- rur style wishManufactures,revised andiuri of the editeditor of theUre's Chemi-X) ye*w, anJ*>i greaa withi •* -.Vurg\ ReviewSi>akespeasev- te the altema- integrity. than.locer in walok y ever gives ablunder. He- without varia- He o>vio«sljr ere the exact y isconstantlyare rw)4»ni. >iii<.f of grap- th' the'ohargee friends. It i*that the real and aathoar vi that ao t^&t against raantwcrlpta- sues of a per- b l a m e w T u m rases to taoeomeaning to torn or anybody else. But any admiration tuti;onp| more in accordahce with the dictates of com-Prom April, 1859, to April, 1800, thia pngkie pumped road pumping, and for printing, they have Set uponly 32 inches diameter)—it was impossible to bave it finished in season to take in this year's crop. When Messrs. Anguera ami Martinez became aware of this fact, being determined at any rate to try the Caloric engine, they ordered the largest engines that could be procured with a mill of a corresponding size, to be sentDelemater Iron Works of this city, a twin, caloric, en- gine of 32 inches diameter, wuich was used for driving a trip-hammer, a fan-blower, several lathes, and other machinery. Mr. Delemater was reluctantly prevailed upon to let this engine go, but Capt. Ericsson declined to allow it to be sent to Cuba, for the purpose of grind- ing sugar-cane, until it was thoroughly tested here, icith live same kind of work. Wnen Messrs. Anguera & Martinez were apprised of this, they sent immedi-ately a considerable quantity of sugarcane; mean- while, the only mill that could be procured in this city was one with rollers 26 inches long by 16 inches diam- eter. This was geared to the engine at Mr. Delema- ter s works, and the actual experiment with the cane was made in the same place, in the presence of many persons on the 11th of January last, with the most com- plete success. The engines were immediately "taken down and Bent,—the rapidity of she operationa and the facility with which the caloric ecgioe is set up being such that the cane was shipped .on board of the steamer Quaker City in Havana on tbe 5th of Janu- ary, brought to this city, the trial made, the engines and the mill taken down, packed and shipped on the same steamer, taken to Havana, there transported from the steamer to a sailing schooner, taken to the port of Marie), and there ^landed and transported by land and over very rou^h roads to the plantation, and there set up, both mill and engine; t£ty whole having been completed, and the engine and mill work- ing s&titfactorUy on the 5th of February, ji<Ht one month from the time the cane for the trial was shipped at Havana.The success of the engine was perfect. The old miB wasdrivenbytwelveoxen,whichwerechanged every two hours. For this work there were one hundred oxen set apart, of which number many died every year of exhaustion and fatigue, and tjhe rest were in very poor condition attheendof thecrop.These 12 ox6n required four negroes to drive them, and three or four others were constantly employed tak- ing care of the rest, and driving the changes from the pasture ground to the mill, and vice versa, and >oking them for the work. Tbe rollers of tne mill were 36 inches long and 24 in diameter, and with the greatest exertion the ox mill could only turn out, 12 bciklrs or pans of juice in a day, the bagasse leaving the mill with a great quantity of juice in it. When the Calorie Engine and its mill were set up, all those [men and oxen were dispensed with, and more 'worit was done in the same time, reaching to 15 pans of juice; while the cane was so thoroughly pressed that ia ren- dered 30 per cent more sugar than by the ox-mill 1 and the bagasse' in two. days of exposure to tho sua! wasready for the fire of the trains, v^hile drying tila<|ai^ the old mill required full two weeks. .efomju,ares—Tl ) present, water-works of Paris have b*en erect- ed at a cops of three milliona of dollars, and are capableai Scaleecc and Itaiy iet. IV . Pro- of iubjocte kJ ponding froe- >iaioal, being 4to. Heears. era.i theboudrlrH eb^mcreoseedt* ctions, whick ie completionWritngs o f . t'ce ricbolaetio itre thus fin*t Cousin na« hat DesesrtetT so formeriy), ^u>gfromti« ay—thafcpre-CoEoction sf-UtIt-j-gjne.hnveother houSe, having now nearly 200 in actual operation,' and being under contract to supply Mr. Kitching with 10 engines, from 8 to 24-inch cylinder, every week. .,.Sometime in the Summer of 1858 a Kcense was propoB 3 d tp construct an aqueduct from the Somme- , ifsued to Mr. Joel Ndurse, of the wel'-known agri-L«f terse and Vigorous writing, the fruit of a nind ever eetrvery employed, and fall of instruction an i learning Jtr the present time*..-^A private reprint of " The Bay Psalm-Book,'' of(•Chambers, are, on th* other hand, the noblest features much all tups nonsense may have cost we do not kno v, mechanical world has been occupied from that time to ' amount of work. Thejnew niotor has been applied to ^^^$iWm^Mi^^t favor in the island.of the interior of the building. " One of them is of white nor do. wejihink it a point of muoh consequence. But the precent with this problem of power, and mechani- some forty machines in the Extensive clothing estab- Not being aware of the power necessary for such Carrara marble, the other throe of the beautiful colored it is a stril i ng instance of the general misappropriation cal ingenuity has tacked and exhausted heelf with hsbment of Messrs; Caihartj& Payan in this city. work, h*J ordered m> large gin of 72 saws to be trans- marbleofTennesseewiththecapitalsofthecolumnB ofmoneyIthata7.00m,whichrequiredonlyaMcople effortstoconstructamachinethatshouldprovean Thereisnodoubtthatitincreasestheeffectiveforce portedtothepalace,andcau**ditbegewedtoasingle *-HUM-.-__=„LA* " Cemepoadenea of Napoleon I." have! appeared, tag the letters—arranged in chronological order-sad »0«tiy left^0St«e*r,T793, to March, 1798. These anw> ant to thetbe weighs y masters touching the administration of supposed, we pmume, to catch inspiration and are*It ie Borne eighty-six years elnee Mr, Boulton, at the great tdc^in-engine works of Soho, made use of theto tolltheirt w astory-4tombled to devote her exclusive attention to the materialPaysiology, and the Practice of Medicine.."; In it the author intends to develop mental laws as the re- tails of a universal law' of design, so as to place the correlations of the physical and vital forces ma wholly now aspect. It is the result of thirty years' study and experience, and is to be essentiallyan American bird ox flower suggests that somebodywhile painting had some glimmering of-an ideaj lout,however, in the next moment, perhaps, in some my-objectic n to heathen gods and goddesses, to Naiades, nhdied by Mr. John B. Bitching.the prmting-preeses of|BInowlw, Anthony & Co. at Providence. •We have mentioned the house of Messrs. I. P.of the steam engine—one of which in Cuba fe the una- voidable necessity of an engineer—they determined to try the Caldric Engine. Accordingly they /Ordered the construction of a Win,engine of 48-inch dittmeter, withJ•"•DAH.Y Tof design—unless there be some hidden meaning in the grave and n vsrend gentlemen, to whom are referredbalustrade would have been appropriate and handsome.SATlIRIJA^; HATXrTBB, NEW MOTOR.I86y\foot and leg of tke^tsi^^axi^ol^hidiixaing•;in bronze. fheeditionisstrictlyhmitedtofiftycopee,at$10 gradualandeasyascent,flunkedwithstatelycoinnns,sack; it is prated from a collation of th» tiro copies to be wainscoted, when finished, with marblef and light- Westing to the Library of Harvard CoU.ge and to ed from above. Entrances so spacious and imposingcf the operator fully fifty per cent.whtoh to much is W v said, is preparttg a; B«t">--and digniilsd treatment, should be adorned like a.danc-KdwardLivermore,esq. Xeisherof these is complete, bet by their anion they sapper all the pages. The only perfect espy preserved is at Boston, and fot merly be-to Dr. Tbema* Prince, the annaliat of New-would, redeem much that is trivial and, meretricious, if ihere were any good reason why the whole building should not have been equally excellent, according to its place and purpose, and equally riguificant. What mayin other ] laces where it was rightly apprehended the bad been accomplished of any practical importance till ship, handling the anchors, setting up rigging,-and for long experience in working cotton gin*, seeing the result is io better. The Military. Committee-room, Ericsson produced the Caloric Engine, in thepaitfeular many other purposes now requiring manual labor. whole apparatus, declared t >at the Httie 18-iaeh enginepenurious again in pine, like all the rest, is e: rtravagant form and/'with the peculiar devkee which diotinguish After the use'of one of these engines on board of the eould not do the work, since a gm of sneh a ske re- in paint ja om floor to center-piece, with :io protect-" it from all theengines actuated /by heati that have ship Underwriter for several [months, Capt Roberts quired at least from seven to eight horse power tolonged Eagkind,' j* now in his library at the < >Id Southbe is made manifest in these noble staircases, and the fine ing wainscot, it glows with color. Pilaster s- are fitled been built at such an enormous expense of time and reports that it is a money-eaving machine, and gives work it. Here was a dSemma. The iavitations towith pictured representations of the arms of all ages, .(.money.;. , \. .4. ;,').;• '..•;'•'> -.-r .-•-. H:£<..i.t as his opinion that four-fifths of the vessels that put witness the experiment had been given; the peraontf'entrance at the east end, while what is not is the more manifest by the lamentable contrast which is thus afford- ed. But the architect has failed to learn from the mar-back leaky, would find, it unnecessary with, a Caloric invited were too important to be disappointed; and engine on board. An engine of this description on the there was no time to make any different arrangement shipWildPigeonexcitedsomuchattentionbythe inthemachinery.work it performed in port at Caldera, in Chili, as to In such an emergency it was determined to try itlead to several orders for* engines, to pump and hoist forthwith. A good fire was made in the engine, and--Jfr . Geerge.laoore's theory of Gen. Led's conduct ja^aoaraoterfiuls to meet with universal a xseptancs, iatiforth«eoea»- 1 asm%*tbeexpected,indeed,fromtue.novelviewof ^te subject which he has found it his duty o present. ffcere » a general feeling that "more light"isre-crowdedtogetherinaheterogeneousmasswithoatorder Motiveenginesof a moderate or even of a smallor sequerjeei and spaces above arefi«led,or are to. be power play a very important part' in. the economy of blewaintcoringherehoweffectiveitmightbeelse- filled,wivhIpaintingsinfrescoofcelebratedbattles. humanlife.Thefrightfulhorrorsoftheslave-trade,the where*, and how much m>re appropriate a marble bal- One of these is the fight atJLexington. A British offi- scarcely lets frightful horrors of toe traffic in Coolies, ustrade would be on any stairway of imoortance. cer on a untshapen Indian pony, which is mean; for. a nay, the haggard features and jaded' limbs teat, in ourqiibK& on this charge against him, and the "bright side When the four grand ascents to the galleries of the twoin half an hour's time the person having charge of it saw, to hie-great surprise and delight, that it turned the gin in the most beautiful oanner . Of course the cot- ton was fed to the saws with the uimost ears; but when, the next morning, the experiment was repeated in the presence of the Captain-General and other in-..aecnmulationa of steam-power, watjar-power, wind- In the first seven months of tbeir manufacture Since then Ericsson's engine has been appHed in of these engines, Messrs. Nourse dc Caryl sold but ten,power,andhorse-power,andtheirvastachievements, ofthem. Duringtha^rperiod,theywerevisitedby Cubatomanypurposes. ThedistinguishedDr.Tos-: j^if"-"I •'.! ' "it.1,•HIm-j-'/IiHibeen a»any and dkttognieh«d. SchefTer'g Life was»etthatofacommonartist. To the strongestsenvietiona he added a steadfastness of cha: acter rareamong persons possessing the artist's tempi rament sotaqxdsi-.ely as he did. Tnese qualities man !e him thefirm adherent of the exiled Orleans family, a s they had the religion, the mode of thought of a people dead thouT preserved his independence during his ins mate con- sands of years ago, without meaning to almost any mor- nection wiih them in prosperity. He was he chosen tal eye .that will ever look upon them here, are worseteacher of the whole familv, and the dost friend of than not beautiful—they are absurd. There is an area the gifted Princess Marie, and by his advice t was she Of an acre, more or less,- of this sort of work in the Cap-thousands of persons, many of wnom declared them- rado, of Trinidad, led the way by purchas- selvesinwantofjustsuchapoweriaethecaloricengine ingfourengines,twoof24-inchcylinder,whichhehi would give them. But they failed to buy—some because now applying to an aqueduct of his own eonstrnction,ibrmanoee of theai accuracy and -firstattempted modelling. By a singular chance Scheffer itol, which, as long as it shall remain, is a monument of" DES< UlPTION OP THE NAVAL COMMITTEE ROOM. . single horse, to what an extent the aggregate result iswas on duty as a' National Guard at the Toileries mitplaced and lavish expenditure, of national ignor-when Louis Philippe abdicated the thron* >, and the ance and bad ta*te. There is great beauty undoubtedly ' to the whele first complete account of his escape—in which the in the deeigns from Pompeii, in those from the Loggiaand Bot j an origin, and of the Corinthian order and such a machine assumes! • proporticn, the deoontion of this room is principallydeserving the mOBiearnfst and serious investigation; but tbe proof is accumulated, of a nature that compelshad standing on their floor more than twenty engines printing-office, another 24-inch ealoric-engine is doingso arge a circulation inthis country by means of en- gpravbgs, that a reprint of his life would seem a sure speculation, and will no doubt be undertaker.*—Mr. Herbert Spencer, known as the author of " Social Statfce" and other works of a high character, has leeued a prospectus of " A Complete System of PhOosopby," to appear in quarterly paris, dividedtegregation in the corridors and chambers of the Capi- tol of this Republic, without design and without method, mixed up here and there with tropical Flora, or American ornithology, or English, or French, pr Swiss scenery, or' scenery from no mortal knows wh€>e, with the American eagle snuffing incense from a Greek alrar, or the American shield restinir upon a Greek tripod, or a Cupid or a Nymph dancing uponfor the Committee on Naval Affairs, the ceiling hasbeen, painted in freeco after the mannerof the ancients. belief and defies contradicti^jj, whim demonstrates to Bopply. Onr machine shop, which la exclusively deveted to important application 'hat has been made in thatislandthus: two parte to be devoted to an ex{osition\of** MrstPrinciplee;" two volumes to " The P) inciples of nothing and waving the star-spangled banner, is, justksowu that this grand invention has- occupied thirty years of his life,.during which he has built many en- gines of the largest size, and uncounted experimentalBiology;" two to "The Principles of Sociolpgy;'*.and two to those of " Morality." This mode of announce- ssent (novel in these days) is adopted to afford an esti- astte of the probable demand, and so lessen she chance of pecuniary loss. \Tbe namss of Mr. Mill, Mr. Grote, Eir J. Hersehel, M. do Kemusat, Jules S mon, and nany others are given as promoters of the wheme, de- skmg its suecees in the interests of science.—A collection of the Letters of Mendelsaho athe com- poser, is in progress edited by Herr Droyses the histo- rian, and the oemmunication of long ineditot materials towaz d its completion is requested by his bro her, PaulMendelssohn, a leading banker at Berlin..—The Libjary and Geographical coll actions of Kart Bitter, of Berlin, are now on sale. It is one of themostcostlyand-numerous collections ev»r formed.deiian Marblessa% Christian fJot*et befoie its piecemeal dispersion, and catalogues sot s*en it the character which this painting gives to&ars' existence it may beobtained of the Berlin booksellers. J. these long and half-lighted halls. -That it is inappro- Angefico, Peru- —A work of the first importance in Mental Science priate to the place in which it is put, that it has not the die.,}, engraved is announced by Dr. Laycock, the well-known Profes- most distant relation to our country^ or our time, or our sor of Medicae at the University of E linbu: gh. It is institutions, is foreign to the sentiments and the satoled "The Mind and the Brain; or, Correlations thought* of our people, is evident at a glance. Exam- of the General Laws of Life and Consciousness, with ined aeparately, and bit by bit, there are many deeigns their applications to Philoeopby, Natural History, of beautiful tint, and graceful form, and here and thereeffectisseenin thepassages belowthe StnateCham- by a private individual in Europe, devotad to the' ber, where very little, if any, decoration was needed, branch of Geographical and £thnok>gicsd literature. or was admissible, except it were something which The number of volumes Is nineteen thousand] exclusive should serve merely to lighten the dimuees and gloom sf map*. Efforto are making to' preserve the collecdon of the place. It k difficult to describe to one who hasappropri tteto halls of legislation in this country be- on the Fitchburgh Railroad, in Massflchusetts. This cause "<in most of the palaces of Europe a specimenis engine waa put in operation in October, 1858. The '* thongt t neceesaTy to the completion of a mus^uni "of watir at this station ia drawn from the iriver through aton; for a bookbinder'sshop at Providence: for Dr. S. £rst appreciated by Messrs. Angaera and Maxtmex, G> Howp'sAtyluni^at South Boston to drive afanforpur- wealthy merchants and planters at Havana, persons poaeeof ventilation; for cotton-ginning at Corpus Chrin- endowed with enlarged views and a progressive tuna tij for picking hair at Beverly; and for glasscutting atby themselves, is swallowed up in regret that they are —No French publisher could venture under the to out of place, are so mixed up with each other, as .toImperial Regime on an unmutilated version M " Hum- boldt's Correspondence." The French edition, there- fore, proceeds from Geneva.destroy their eeeential character, and, being upon plas- ter on a bare and unprotected wall, so exposed as t J be certainly, in no long time, mutilated and defaced; and when he turiis from theee details to look at the whole, he is loet in bewilderment and possibly disgust. TheA result more important in view of the number of They have also furnished a j single, twenty-fourthe Aiii srican Navy, whether in a practical, sesshetic,. engines employed is exhibited on the New-York inch engine to Mr. Henryj Carlisle of Phila- to them immediately.- There was at that time at the—;Tho Historical Society proposes to print, by sub-scription, the proceedings at the Irving Commemora-tion, in the highest typographical style. T ie price, long vietaof wal stretching out before his eyes seemsor pasaional senBe. The American eagle,. weN trust, Central Railroad, on the line of which there are now delphia, who employs it iu bis jcomb manufactory to la a bird :fof another feather, and not given to such some twenty of these engine B in daily use. Mr. Chaun- drive three buffs of 28 inch diameter at a speed of. 700 erratic and erotic courses. But perhaps we are- oey Vibbard, the Superintendent of that road, reports, revolutions a minute, a grindstone a lathe, and a drill. dull. ilhder these dflineationa of pas&ional a'trac-• which will not be.email, will be limited by tl e coet of eovered with some wonderful chintz, reminding him of production. It will DOat once' a monument >f Irving the drying-rooms of a manufactory of calico or moue- and the art through which he was great. teline de.laine, and recalling the wonderful crockeryeriak County, Mary land, and his trial on the charge of mcitixg an insurrection among the ilavee by ma memo- rable I sermon at camp meedng in 1818. .He) was de- fended by Roger B. Taney, present Chief Justice of the Sopremo Court of the United Stave*, th< defense s* ing one of the most thoroughly Anti-Slave ry argu- menu ever'made.tion tii ^re may be a hidden and subtle meaningwhich we fail to penetrate. We honestly confessthat t is icareering circle of a web-footed centaurbearin;; off this beautiful maiden—the maiden now in-d'gnsoai and'defiant, her taper fingers twined in despe-rate dei pair in bis thick curia, and now sinking, withblu&bii 1chetktjandswimming eyes, in>lasciviousandlanguin >ing. contentment, upon his back—this, we con-fow, b;1 [fit1UB It bafiies uf», we mean, as to its rela- beenr erected onj'several other railroads for pumping—Messrs. Carlton & Porter are about to publish palace visited by Bobinson Crusoe in his travels in "The Life of Jacob Giuber," the eccentric preacher of China. Nor does the supposition seem irrational that the Baltimore Conference. The work ontaina a full the National Capitol ie to be torned into a museum*of account of hie indictment by the Grand Jury of Frtd~American *•&*, a child,' a serpent, a bird's nest, and apineapple in juxtaposition—-where a simple marble joe*ite in t| e naAion raiae th*ir thoughtful ey«p they arethe long hours of a werkmg^day to^always painfuLand 'itt-BomJoases msnppoxtaWe. The operator is thus ena- y«rj curious circumstances. The engine was in t i eThese stairways are broad and massive, ofeffirfentawxiliary^ ox^...xiyal- of the steam-engine. And ing-hall,iibileitisfinishedwithdoorsandwindow- His.mostextraordinarythat,,notwithstandingthe franM-8 an I shutter s of painted pine. amount of inventive genius and science that has beenhcrse, . M t piBtol over the bead of a soldier}, a crowd of his companions standing about, like coun men at a Wkey-ehjloting; to see if he is hit. A drajoamer-boy is in the aj<|t of dodging. .One burly fellow u) hid from nothing bfenind a sapling about the size of] own leg, while the British troops in tbe background Have their offset for the appointment of this Art Commission. It iguns levi ed, and are in the act of discharging a volley ^received with, great favor. It is toe first w ork issued, has put a stop to much mischief, 'saved a was'.e of an at nobooj in particular. The whole thing is.false ia sx the name of the authoress, though it is well known incredible quantity of paint, and left, in innocent white, color, fa!?') in conception, false in treatment, and has notions,which thathercontributionstoperiodicalLitersturehave vastareasofharmlessplaster. Whiteplaster.inacon- nothingJlmericanaboutitexceptcockedlate. Thegr<»at cities morje especially, speak so dis'tinctly of over- wrought human labor, and cry out SO; emphatically for relief—»H these demonstrate that a compact, manage- able, safe, and ewoomical motor, adequate to the work of a««g/cslaye, or cobry, or overtasked white man or white woman, would do more to m agate the suffer- ing and diminish the drudgery of mankind than any yother conceivable invention After i l l the enormousat the mines in that vicinity.•) 1 ' ''',"•'.'••gazine" cawed among the " re- aal«]- the meet i« reviews and are reproduced L For the ma- attraetive into*,si the shield"* wiJQ soon be presented by a Southern 'vetsran author, who is true to the faith an£ inspiration ef hie earner years.houses are furnished with pictures and sculptures for their now vacant spaces, as undoubtedly they event- ually will be by the Art Co mmusion, there will be noth- ing wanting to their completeness and beauty.W e have already alluded to jthe engine put ija. oper-ation by Messrs. Nourse & Caryl at Groton in 1859.It was about eight weeks from the time that enginewas started before these gentleman found another cus-tomer, who united the; discernment-reo:uirite to appre- vited persons, it was a most successful one, and elicited ciate the engine with, the courage to buy one. the admiration of all present.—The " l i f e of Ary Scheffer," the distinguished taster^ by Hrs. Grote, wife of the historia o, has just appeared from Mr. Murray's publishing house, and isFor Mr. Buchanan's many sins let him have largethe pictorial art of all wges and all peoples, for the ben- efit of designers i n every possible art or manufacture in which designing can be used. But of one thing he is persuaded—that if in all this work he comes upon any- thing which is appropriate, it is there by the sheerest accident; that anyibing he may find just and proper in irself, is in the wrong place; that, with same few ex- ce .tions, there is nothing which should be there a; all; and that the aitist having a given area of wall ani ceil- ing to cover,*with a given quantity of designs, has given them in vain and unmeaning repetitions with as much conscience and as much feeling only as he would paint the blank surface of a dead-wall w i h a single color. Nor is this the only objection to the reproductionpurposes with the same favorable result.The second application of the caloric engine was Jfco the driving of printing presses. The first trial of the engine for this purpose was made in the.office of The Hattfcrd JVmes—tbe first that was entirely successful was made in the office of T. W. Strong, No. 98 Nassaustreet, in this ci y. Tbe next eBgtne built was set up in the office of Messrs. Preneh & Wheat, No. 18 Ann street, and the third in tbe office of Mr. C. C. Shel- ley, a job-printer in Barclay st. The result has-beenAt the east end of the Capitol is an entance atwhich^were it possible to get in at it, one w ;>uid al- ot Grecian and Roman art of this character. If proper isf.on Pompeii and Herculnneum- The luxurious peo- every part of the country. Thore are now no loseways choose to enter. A spacious door-way, i 3 which the bronze doors of Rogers are to be hung, ope os upon a wfcie vetubiue, the waJls of which are of s< agtiola, the ceiling paneled in marble, and supported by no-ART JNWASHINGTON.thete taefrcoes have an infloence tbe mo»t cuggestive tohonori tie members of the hard details of tho naval ser-vice. Flowever, no barm was meant; this, like a'ltbe.res , is only a bluncer, the artist doing as well aahe kne v how, and failing to do belter because of hispoverty • of invention and culture. AH thi 3 de soration the adoptknof the engine in numerous job-offices in*[ 3«eo»d Article. JHALLS AXD CoMalLTTEE-KOOMS OP THE CAPITOL.wall pi per; some in public baths, and some in houses of a cb (raeter BOquoetionable that it would oe a dcau- dalup1athevirtueofourmembersofCongresstosup- pose ti i A th*y weTe aware of their existence in.any age of t h e • 1 orld,"aod wbich, "we are bound to believe, havej *$o. One looks in vain for wood or marble, or any- .for th« meetings of commiue*-e on bnein*es suould be iftag uKwe enduting or solid than these plaste; • walls, BOornately and elaborately paioted that they iir.ce«?sa-^hocgnt. From this stately entrance on the ^eastern •ent, the vishor goes at once from the cool atm wpbere I *f stone into rooms and passages bot with co. or, andtratethe subjects to the coneideration of which tneee*^is used very sparingly, and wood hardly at i Jl ex-*Vt in doors, window-sashes, and shatters of. j taintedbookcases; but in the ceiliug the artiat abandons this simple and appropriate treatment, and ascends to theThe nt v aquedqet will have sniricient head of. water to reax 1 thebig beet fiats of the highest portion^ of thechinery, applied to Capt. Ericsson for a license;It has always been a favorite idea with Capt. Ericsson, that bj the introduction of his engine he was to materially diminish human drudgery. When it was suggested to him, therefore, that it might be advan-tageouslyjapplied to sewing-machines, he devoted bim- eeif with great interest to the subject, and soon devised an arrangement that has proved in practice completely HQCceesfulL His plan ie to employ the engine to pump air intottj tank or reeervoir, from which it is trans-propriate, this light ana fanciful decoration even if it were not so barren of all American feeimg.have resulted in tbe almost exclusive appropriation of eirfoundery to the manufacture of Ericsson's eu-Nor do we find any better reason- for being pleaied wben we torn from ihe halls and anoecbamoers to theAs they were the earliest in the' field, theyrooma are devoted.all, they offered an opportunity to the imagination ofIf thee<* were to- be 80 treated at•ahng with the pictorial art ot thousands o' years tbeatffat; though it id still a question whether rooms of fun i >hiDg thirty millions of gallons daily. It ia nowSoude Gt appoint between Epernay and ChalonB-aur- cultural-irnpcment house of Boston, and Mr. ^>bich crumble at the touch. In the interior of such a riJy become objects for public exhibition,aratuer than Marnf a didiauce-of nearly 124 mi'ea. Tuia, with tbe A. H. Caryl of South Groton, Massachusetts; and,F»2ea« the Capitol, wood and mai-bie eho-old bo h harepiaces devoted to affair*. Bnt even granting that suchn«-cetBtry reflervoira, will cost nearly nine millions of undertheir auspice?, the Maesachueetta Caloric EngineJ <•*S«ed largely. EepecndJy shooli there have I eeu no . trea'BuCnt is proper, it i« in these apartments u hunent- dolbm ] it will furnish about tww»ty millioDB of galloas Company entered upon the manufacture of tho enginesJ50B1 or passage not waioecoted, at leaat three or four ab e failure. The least objectionable of them all is that per da;|, and the reservoirs wili COIILHIU cwo-and^a-aalf at Sou^h Groton Toward the close of 1858, Me^rs. I.•/.*« in lught, with one or the other of the«e materials, for the Judiciary. The wails are in plain paoel work, day »*' 11 ipply. Larg e p ortions of tho ci'y arc now tooP. Morrisi& Co., of Philadelphia, the oldest establish-**h as a matter of taste and for protection. Y« t mttr- probably because it is intended to cover iheoa with high U1 bo; reached by tbe present supplies of water. ments that city engaged in the manufacture of ma-l^e. In a public building of any importan3e,|where empyrean on multitudinous curves, and in an ocean of ci'y ettu'lyl Aodi ional sewerage id also to be provid-*«re is constant friction from a crowd of >eop!e, blue. Above the cornice are four paiotings in fresco, ed, at | n <ispenbe of eight millions of dolkra. Tw|oWe baveieft ourselves but little room to sp**j* otthe construction of tbe engine itself. It is enough fox our preeent purpose to say that its power is producedby common atmospheric air being mtroduced into the engine, and then expanded by means of heat generatedin a small furnace placed in the interior of the machine. The heated and expanded air acts upon a piston, bythe force of which the fly-wheel is actuated, in the- ,,t same manner as in the steam-engine. When at .reetv...,£j there is no pressure kept up within the caloric engine, and the power is developed at each successive e*rok«;of the piston. *•*ere is a peculiar appropriateness in wainscoting, which we are to rake for granted are emblem* ic of *d a special fitness in such use of native, hard Jofctice. The figures in these are Cherube or Cupids,*oodsy uncoDtaminated by paint, in an edifi<e like as the spectator pleasee—Cupid**, it ia to be pr«eamed,iuamenj(|e lineal gewers are to be built aloDg the Seiuej U».e eewera from tbe city wiil empty, and the draita ;|e will thuu be earned off into the country, whichj**> Bot, strange to say, there is not, axcept as cue of .them baa the bow and arrows of the little will pi <-serve the purity of tbe river. ' . «^pine, a single specimen of such woods to be god, and as Cupid is a favorite of the artist of the Capi.**ai anywhere. It never seems to have occurred to tol,snd is reproduc«d everywhere uu^er every poasibie —Mi, John Blenkarn ha3 juet publ'fchcd a book on^Superintendent, who runs j off instead into i uni- circumstance. Oppoaitfc tkis is another, barring the British! tin.bjr-treci*; their rearing and subsequent wan-*ual flax of plaster, or hardens occasionally into olive branch; the next learries the ftttMS upon his He tays tbat pliiiting timber's profitable. sbotlder, and opposite him is a fourth, di^phiyidg a «g«niet t...•f ft Jifiii «.i»/'...V..' .THIS&nMMm«.*•••\axtraersinary &umber of two thousand fo\r hundred The main stairwaje above, twb at each end of the newed fie»|e of responsibility and duty from the sight imerooraple(expre«lon to BoaweD, "2 sell hero, Sir,' she ia employed upon, and the guidance of her needle, Desxrous of showing H to tiie beet advantage, he de-«ad twenty-five letters, many of them vspecimens Cspftoi,leading to the gaUeries of thV two Legislative of these fc|p winged, and jolly, and rosy babies. How 14 wh»t all the world deeireB to nave—Pbwxm" The so that she axscompliehea ia a £ive» time a mucli larger termined to:'Me/itWitcott<m:gn*-cetton plantingsmaH calorie engine, on*/18 mcbee in diameter. Wheneverythiegwasupandb goodorder,tie evening -previous* to tbe mondng on/whieh the trial But as herel the purpose of illustration w U missed,- expended in this ispecial field of labor, literally nothing pumping, loading and discharging cargo, warping was to be made, an old American engineer, who haddition of violent eruption of stucco is not beautiful; but other fin) died""picture is the death of Bomet>ody—we' by how much the larger amount of po w«r exercised inastretchofalmostinterminablewall,andalongvista forgetwlio;norisitoftheleastconsequtnee,forit theworldis-theaggregatedresultofindividualforceof arches dotted all Over with figures *in distemper, "may as well be one person as another—who hi carefully applied to the thonsahds of little things that occupy thepainted apparently with no higher design than to cover stripped for surgical examination before ho i s borne human family in the daily routine of living! Combine they were fearful jaf being ["humbugged;" ovfcera, and the tithers of 18-inch diameter for *he purposes oa so much space, at so much a day, referring to the life, from the eld of battle. Like the other, itis; as a work* |t<theae forces, and what a stupendous ,whole they ex-of art, rimplv detestable. j rTbe polite [Secretary of the Naval Committae handedus, on en etihg their room, the following description of ;motoi perfectly safe, easily kept in or ler,vrequiring no its decor i| ions: . I water, and consuming but little fuel, cf the power of aNourse & Caryl continued to manufacture the en- engine for driving a largemaugje that is constantly at "" The ieneral design of the Capitol being of Greek augmented, and what an importance in human affairs gines; and at the beginning of the last Winter they work in that immense establishment. In the IrisIJLtended ao a specimen of the decorative painting usedin that e: a, ste tound in the remains of tbe jold treaco nothing but such a motor, it would )e a subject'wellas undoubtedly, absurdly out of place. Better have theplain plaster with the stucco eruptions than this.; betterhave plain jS3a*ter under the direction of the artist inwhitewash, who, if he has no othe? merit, is, at leant, ' matter* <>f antiquity, and although the style ia not in from whom Capt. Ericsson has received the materialbest part being thrown away with tbe bagass*. Thecleanly.Yet this is the sort of thing which the Italienaid that baa enabled him to perfect lis invention, at tbe time that Mr. John B. Hitching laid the foundation of Bie present extensive traffic, by advertising to fur- nish engiheJSsof six, eight, and twelve-inch cylinders for pumping purposes and small mechanical usee. The first engine sold for a specific use was put up by Mr. Kitcbfog in tbe banking house of llefisrs. 'Duncan, Sherman & Co., for the purpose of Bupjitying the upperdecorator, or the architect, or the superintendent, orwhoever the is responsible, has given in wearisomerepetition, interspersed with gilding, or set off withpainting in fresco, till the eyes become dazzled with theN.confused conglomeration of color, and the mind weariedIsland, it is enormously expensive to procure the quan- tity necessary for feeding the steam-boilers. On some plantations the cost of water for the purpose amounts to thousands of dollars annually. The expense for en-with the vain attempt to detect eome meaning and de-of thef lie ar's ks a precious relic of the 'taste of the iron works of his friend Mr. Cornelius H. Delemater,poliehing machine, and a miM for fulling goat-skins.Another engine of the same size they set up in thecabinet niancfactory of Mr. S. UL Ffcrker at Reading,where it drives machines for crating off rough boards,splitting up and squaring off' stuff, gig-sawing andgrooving, and planing with a tide-jointer. In theFall of 1859, Mr. E. B. PniHips purchased one of thesame power, to drive the machinery in his shoe-manu-factory at Natick, and he is satisfied that it ia the mosteconomical power he can employ 1 -A similar engine wasset up in theeurrier's shop of Mr. U. E. Williams atSalem, where it drives a leather-splitting and finishing gineers is also great, as they all have to be importedv•cessful ; that it was readily worked bytan ordinary la- it does i tat a Bengal tiger should be' chained:in the borer, required no more time or attention than a com- k Rotund I lor an alligator from tbe banks of the Nile be mon eoal stove, and burned but comparatively little kept in 1 hat remarkable b&ein behind it.. We have no fuel. This engine was one of 18-inch cylinder, fur-at. th* ttome time *mwilling to suffer the ruin- paint-mills of Allen Lucas & Son at Ne w-Bedford, and. ous wasting, and many dangers and inconvenmeeaNereidea, si renB,.and Tritons, "all standing.naked in1 •the of en iir," in their proper pbaces; but it would feeWe have seen anjofficial statement in; relation to an engine put up about a year'since.to .supply the locomo-Morris &. Co. of Philadelphia. They have been en- a mill of corresponding size; but tbe season being far gaged about fifteen months, in the manufacture of these advanced, and this size of engine being much largerJbibitl Make an available motor that snail be of one-office "at';j!Havana are moved by two 24-iach caloric- 'engines,.'displacing a steam-engine which formerly &A the work; and in the large military hocpitalof the During this long/period of popular distrust, Messrs. same city, the Government has also adopted Ericsson'sman power, and what a result is obtained! Hake aence of interested parlies; others, through a want of confidence in their own judgment:them, is tk xlOO re«t; thia Is independent of oar forge shop and Tie principal figures representing the Greek god.deeies the existence in this engine of a power entirely safii- sheet iron ahop. w e bave zoom enough, tools ex>ongb and canof the caloric engine i»to the grinding of sugar cane on the plantations.The introduction of such a motor was one of the prime necessities of Cuba. Tne old ox mills were ut- terly insufficient for the large modern sugar estates 1 and besidee, their labor was very exhausting and costly. It required a great number of men and oxen, and thejuice of the cane was but imperfectly expressed, theof tbe ee 1 (the reader will find tlie name of each writ-ten und< r them], the tuutdler ones tho NaidesjNereides,Syreue, indj Tritons, as dew ribed in the poetic mythol-ogy of ancient Greece. The figurcB on the walls also :cient for all but a very few of the thousand uses for which power is required.procnr* men Anongh to put hp an engine every day. and we be- lieve we hball ere Jong be eallied upon to do so, certainly we shall if onr tradu continue* to Increase, for, a few w««kl as tt has the pan 'hrce. Onr cotes now for a single month aro la ger man thoy were during the first seven. Bnt the.above is not all that we flad encouraging in the' bn»ineaK| * « bave the satikfaotlon of t o o w - ing, tbat every caloiic engine that wo hav« sold gives entire and complete satisfaction to tho purchaser."The applications of the engines made by Messrs. Nourse &. Carylrbave been quite niiscellaneous. Tbeir second sale was of a 24-inch engine to Mr. AshbelIt ia not material to our purpose to j indulge in any illae rat< 1 the purpoee of this room, each bearing an ap retrospective review of Ericsson's labors It ia weMpxopriat i embiem, eitl er of the Bea or of modern nav-igation. The blank spaces let" in the arch of| the wallare intej ieq to be filled with pictures of the naval bat-tles of tli J tTnited States. Aleo, in the rix circles onthepilatter^ in low relief), the portraits of the moat' engines ot smaller power. Two or three engines ofwalls and ceilings of all the rooms and passages with thi* crit, !. , We do net recognize it as a necessary con-this style of decoration, but fortunately it has been ar- sequent 1 that this coiling should be painted " after the to the introduction #f the engine into ciher banks, andrested by the appointment of the Art Comnussion. Its " mann:r of the ancients," because, "(as) the nee of into;stores and private dwelling?, whme it is no w ex- machine at the" same time with perfect ease. They from some foreign country." beaut||." ' As the Capitol is no more a museum of three-inch iron pipe, 500- feet in length, to a hight of beau'y than it is of wild beasts—we mean four-footed- about 21 feet, and is then torced up about 20 feet over its oomp! etic n no more requires that its rooms should the top of the tank. After eutht months nae tbe Su- bepainwd after the manner of Pompeii, or. HeroulA- perintendent' reported that it had proved perfectly suc- neum, a the imperial palaces and baths of Rome, thanSandwich. Other engines put up by Meears. Nourse Sc of mind. Desirous of doing away wita the old ox-miHstories of that fine edifice with water. Its success ledthological emblem from ancient Greek art, withoat more inj ke^rping with the Bupposed Bpirit of our iuafci-^ tives at the South Groton Station, on tb^same railroad. engines. Besides' engines for. domestic and Rail- ,than any before built—_(the largest till then beingwhich the curious and painstaking observer may feel mon sense and common decency, if they were very spar- practical in its object. It will form two! volumes, for the minute detail* and separate parts when taken ingly med^ if used at all, in adorning the rooma to be-1,600,000 gallons of water, atan expense to the com- pany fevr fuel and oil .of $25, and for Jin "engineer," $25; and baa not cost one cent for alteration or re- pairs. . •. *engines in the warehouses of tbe Pennsylvania Rail- road Company at Parkersburg ^nd the Bird-in-Haud Stations, for elevating l grain from the cellar to the. second Btories and distributing it into bins.crown 8vo., with illustrations.devotet to; the businees of legislation. We cannot see, for in! iance, the relation between Leda and the Swan; pictured here 'in a variety of attitudea, andtion to ehi», and dockyards, to guns and powder, .tohox ist Ji.ck Tare, and etout d d commodores, while we dd not netend to BOmuch youthful innocence a3 to "be in« sable of catching from it another meaning. Bu'. w e n t ; ' be permitted to douht whether the themes ofthem. They commenced immediately upon the 18-iuch anywhere it would be in upper chambers as mereorna- ple of huee cities illustrated everyUving by the arts; than forty daily papers in the United States printed by engine, which is the size meet geinenally called for by mentalmural paiming, bnt it is strikingly out of keeping ibeir public places, their private houseB, their bathe, Ericsson's; engines, most of them of 24-lnch, but three the railroad stations, and which ie abundantly pow-in long pawages like theee, lighted only at tbe ex- tb6irb [ uses of entertainment of every characfjer, were or four of! 12 and 18-inch cylinders. One of the most erful for all their pumping purposes.tremities, parages evidently carrying a heavy super- ornamiDttd by mural painting.' To. the artist of tlis recent tettimoniala to its value is from the proprietor ofstructure. Where tie ligbt would admitof it, the heavy room i i wa» enough that tbe deuigntj came from those The Savannah Evening Exprcts, who states tuat he bie marble columns. The elfect is simple and grand; cornices and massive work in stucco, so laviauly intro- cit^B, snd; he probably felt taat he could not go far regards it as the moat perfect and economioal motiveBut, japid as has beeo the progress of the new motor in the United States, it has advanced with equally rapid strides both in Sweden and iin Cuba; a fast that must set at rest the objection that Ithe engine does not operate as well in «varm weatberi aa in cold* In S <ve- den,theAjtonbtaaei,.tbeljeadingjournalofStockholm, of tiie 15th of March, transfers to its columns THE TRHJUNK'S article on the Ericsson engine of the 11th of February and adds: *AllthisfromTHKN.1. Txiunroofthejrreatnrogreaiwbloh ._-TxiBumi of the gr««t profrew wraouthe calorio eu'gmo is muklng in the bu*y land which the Inveator ban *el«-cted for hi« «ph«re of activity. Let u* now take a glance at th« progr* b« of the Invention in bia native counbrv. tt la now about a 3oar since we first beard of Capt Eric»*ou's l**t and snccvKtful solution of hi» Uf*'Hprobl«-ni, and aboat nine months •ince tbe fir»t of tbe perfected engine* « u here exbioit»»d The great 1uter#t.t ith*B excited, and tbe HUUHWOU* inqulriea which arc daily received, fthow clearly that tbe Invention hew, as in .America was.wished for, and'that it is destined tosapply % want lo»g felt "' -Our Swedish cbtemporary then enumeratee the pecu-liar advantages of the invention in a Scandinavianpoint of view, and proceeds: , • ' ' • ' " A proof tbfi". speaks for itself in w p r d to th*» existing; desireto obtain citV>loeug1ne«,i» *b» ttet tb-*1 »^«ady nineteen oae- ch»*icnl estiiblixhuieiiu in Swsden have applied l » aod ootained llwnkr* «M,d wpikin,} plans Aw building ttie same. Among tnes* Ftssprnc. IbrtJaaholm. Ua>hvv, and Reliefers hav* already ©o«- njeD'ced toidoli»«;t engines j wbi>e •r^ouhattaM, OoUe, Braankige, and otbersiare maku/aotuiing ihenx"The vaWous uses to wbich the engines "already de- liveMd bave been applied, are then stated, such as to printing, soda-water manufacture, bone-crushing, malt- masbiDg, towing, pumping in varbus, lociiities. A pumping engine for freeing the works of the harbor now in progress at Cartsutd, on Lake Wenern, in Vermland, is particularly noticed. Grinding cutlery at Eskiletuna, the Sheffield of Sweden, ia also mentioned among tbo applioutions of the new motor.It also appears tbat two establishment iu Denmarkand the wonder is, with one such instance bet i>re him duced in the Cbambe/e of the Senate and the House, wjong if be introduced water-gods and gods of the power ever applied.of how appropriate such an apartment may b > made, and designed to convey the idea of weight above, might winde, aquatic birdB, and sea moneterB, and anything The increasing demand for the engines for miscol-that any.man with ordinary feeling for art should notvery properly be iatroduced in some of these basement and ev t ryihing that related to river and sea. ignorant, laneous purposes induced Mr, Kitching to make ar-pawageaandchambers. BntitisasignalmiBT-ake nodcult,thatmanyoftheeedeeignewerepaintedand rangements with thelongescabliehedengineeringto uce, where ench architectual aids would be ap- oMid, 11 the moderns upe rigu-boarde, engravings, and bou'te of Messrs. Clute Brothers of Schenectady, whichhaverepeatedhvelsewhere,or,thathavingsetnit,ho ko the oppo- •^•bo-ild have been thereafter capaV-e of gong; fromtoredthattho tioa-Elknologic*eceasecaused beenfilied to e w magazine ipendent re- nd Historicalpassage to j assago and from room to room wit a palletand pencil covering wails and ceilings wisb decorations'*»wJor,and gilded stucco or piaster,as manifestlytepioper in a Capitol as in a Cathedral, deetituteof aig->»J, wanting in harmony, and remarkable especiallyS>» tee- absence of all American feeling and American Commiwee-roomp, where an attempt is madetoiiiu«- no exif ence in W*Hbington.mechanical attachment which actuates the treadle andThe bsJustradee of the lower stairs are >f this Ih Gr i t ' * r tain "fifty, acres planted with oak-trees- graduates its speed at the will of the operator. This ment with * the caloric engine in Cuba was madewatomlj with li«le beauty and no appropria tenew j ««oll with the motto,' £ Pluribm Unum. As the J willviild £3'2,500 worth of timber." • -f >arrangement dispenses entirely with the use of theThomas M. Tryniski 309 South 4th Street Fulton New York 13069in thePalace atHavana,in thepresenceof•111 ^--ywww.•*e4sa^wsas44s>aa**e»)M>ieitJr •*.'>^i>*»*' * *<£-!*'.•* '\ •'.*/''Ita1233S2M • M I M K 1Untitled Documentover his official signature, after several months' expe- Mr. Nelson J. Wemmer of Philadelphia also employs rience with a number of these engines, that they per- one of their 24-inch engines, by which, at an expenseform an 'f incredible" amount of labor "for the small quantity of fuel consumed." One of theim, he says, for 96-100 of a cent per hour, does the work formerly done by four men, at an expense cf $25 each per mouth. Another of the same size, at the Savannah station, at an expense of eleven cents a day. does the work of five men, who received $125 a month. Other engines haveof 2^ cents an hour, he runs two lathes, one routing machine at 5,000 revolutions a minute, three 8-inch caws at 2,500, and one 14-lnch l a w a t 2,000 revolu- tions. Messrs. Jones oi White of Philadelphia have employed a double 24-inch engine of the Morria manu- facture for upward of six months, to run three mills and three mortars for grinding quartz, spar, and color- ing materials used in the manufacture of porcelain teeth, one rolling-mill, four small lathes and one grind- stone; and report that they are perfectly satisfied with itsoperation. l ...'•''_•'..JA few months Bince, Messrs. -iWm. Kidd & Co. of Rochester, an establishment extensively and favorably known for ire manufacture of steam-engines, and of ah articles of iron required for the hse of railroads, had their attention drawn to the caldric pumping-engines for locomotives at railroad stations, and were so much stiuck by their tingular adaptation for thia purpose that they applied to Capt. Ericsson for a liceune to build(-jconstructedmany moreenginesthan anyhave obtained licenses; another in Christiunia, the mitted byjtubes; to each sewing-machine, by a simple capital of Norway > and another at Abo, in Finland.„- 1,,,-..1.•.:*>•*^M*r.klii.V-">••*"jHl^Nt-.^.WllM'.iW'VStillmoreimportantistiieapplicationof tie engine on board, of large, ships, where it is used for*>£• fcyti tf'i •becauSe'they were dfasuaded by the advaoe and influ- irrigation. The presses of tbe Government printing-Caryl are in operation at Thomas Wikins's lace-mauu- in the ingenio 41 La Sierra," a beautiful sugarlUcwry nt DdrclieBter, ia -tk« oock <xtxA blind f&story of plantation situate near the port of Mariel, andthe Messrs. Taft at Fiuwiiltarh, and are driving theIn the month. of June last, the first experi-charge of » person who understood little about it.others of great magnitude.of coal beds, wood is need to supply the great con- sumption of fuel required isy the steam-engine, the con- se queues of which has been that in lees than twenty years immense forests of the finest kinds of timber bave been completely destroyed. Besides, on account of the great scarcity of water in many parts of thaThe Island being destitute'• fultonhistory.com 