 V4TW&T been identified, or 8ympatrm<{d with them 'v»ltboagh be seems to be inclined personally to dislike f»V»holding of slaves, on what ground* I do not know;be.it friend placed in a position where there is the least risk of his being sacrificed o r cut down with that flag he has carried so long; rather let him go on erecting that tower of Liberty which he has no succesafuUyfocusofTerritorial politics. Douglas boasted,in his city. There, is no good reason whytholocation werepresent.^1it&y&ftftm Whig andeveryr4mj^mm. "VSilfo,-willvgiye'Theelevationto'thePre8idehcy/of"a."8tftte8man:oftheBroadway;SavingsInstitute.\Hewasalsodeeply*J;iti.looaJitie*ratherthantopersons,which,ofcourse,isall nottalkDisuniontou Cash"Clay.haveproven hiinselt by,bisactaand deedsagatrue Institute building, solely because that In- onthecausesofmortalityincities Onemonthfromtoday, on Monday, April 16, the Heenan and Sayers and t h e fillibuaters expected t o b e able t o fight comes off Supplement No. XIX. of the Amer-'•fk«*...$-w*areineithereasevirtuallydefeated.Mr. Bates of Mi»»oari-seemsto be a very prominentthisRepublicinthisyear 186(1,that wetherebymay would,perhaps,haveremained unanswered,hadnotconsolidate a party ab*e to place itself in power, andprove by its acts the purity of its aims and the patriot-ism of its intentions; then w e will be able to reward.I H:\JL *street the column will march down East BroadwayandChathamtweet,passinginfrontoftheCityHall. mandsarecompliedwithtbeymayreturntoworkoni «.-«/! •'X-,i-.c: i-iftf>:i'?•<&Sd\Latt night a fire was discovered by Officer Sherlock At the conc'ueion the Bostonians telegraphed that in a stable in Cow Bay, Five Points, and extinguishedBBSm _:• vr,:j;,,.;.n.TX'*ajr^.~~~-'z:i.^'."•"-"'-^iiiP;: SS3» -/from X>av?gW« io^onsiseencies. Jlpdaeccmd,jfwenominateamanofu»uchast/iojp,r£oin otl*er sections, through ignorance of tbe material opportunity to speak of the importance of thi* amend- theyhavetoworkwith,wiltregardonrviewsand ment. Wo-refertothismerelytoshowonefaceoatDEATH <>KA WEALTHYCITIZEN.—Mr. JohnIT.inventorspresent. ^.•••l^;-ji?.-•.••.•';«.;•.•;•:>&-<\Twoorthreedifferent chimneycoversorwind- cinityofBroadway,andarrestedtwenty*ix<#*».'thusfarbeenabortive. nextcandidateforthePresidency,aaalsothoseofyourWill jon have thegoodness to give theabovea placeamongyour"Lettersfromthe'People7"andobligeof the American Museum, "What is i t ? " What is thecause,oftheclosingofthis,"thelastoftheWam- panoags" on the lower end of Manhattan is one of Bainum's mysteries.»,45..Kt.toKt. 46..P.toK. B.5. 47. .K. to K. B. 4.'48.•K.toKt.5. 49. .P. to B. 6. 50. .K. to Kt. 6. 51. .P. to B. 7.P. to P . K.toKt.P. toQ.4. • P. toQ.5. P.toQ.6. K. to d. 2.P. toQ.7.P. QueeiAuHc n nx one &#ra^*y*^<****** *"^*• 'p**ticnwasneeded, cold;air from withoutshouldba mony»fortherewere'local^^^s^erVtionsatissue,ana, bisvoteandvoicethatdayforthe ^.aaadard^bearerof ,theWest,onewhounderstandsthev^au^sottheWest, interestedinoneormow Insurance'Companies. The passedthroughthe;ecoils. HothoughtthesafestnlaagTve maafinese'and dignity to the contest. Dignity -TotheEditor-ofTheN.Y.Tribune. operate.ShouldeverypossibilityofhisnominationLiberties and Religion." ,DEAF MUTES.—The Directors o f the St. Ann's day nigbt, and who had obtained their liberty upon thetotake the "brunt of the campaign work; and 1 utterthe sentiment of many of that class, when I say that ' -wo can work bard for any man on a Republican plat- form-, hat ior Mr. Seward, the liie-lonir champion of*freedom,wocantoilwithtenfoldspiritandenergy. With M r. Seward as our standard-bearer, I -say, -then,we enter thecampaign withopen front, wita- manly bearing, conscious of dignity, consistency, and. honewty. 'Thispositionisa.toweroistrength.SIR: YOU prefer Mr. Bates of Missouri as the Re- publican candidate for the Presidency, because " he "might carry the doubtful States of Pennsylvania,vanish, then the Ohio delegation would not of courso obstinately insist upon an impossibility.The Ohio delegation would then, in our opinion,go for the man who, four years ago, with an overwhelm- ing majority in nearly all the Northern States,.main-Church for Deaf Mutes have just published a litho-payment of $5 fine,confronted Officer Mount in Spring street with " here we are again; you see it's no useareanxioustohavethebestmennominated.be8 0bis .-----——- -- «. , -,-».u<iui-jreed Ws late speech ean bat admit that be stands above Northwestern States, to briefly eny, that there is one 3#ithei»*$iM>.'Andwhy?RejecthimatChicago,a^d4ao&rtSssnoractionalfeelingsorprejudices,andis namewhich,when'mentioned}tillsthemassesoftheChaee has a etroaghold in fhe heart of the West, andbyhisgreatabilitiesandmeritsaastatesman, wecon-sider him as the ablest candidate for < the highest office Emerald IPIO only equaled by his power m convertingupontbeirpresentratesofwageswasdemandedin fflf$But, it is *aid, M r. Seward is misunderstood, and will be a dead drag. * What! Republicans voting and eyed askance by the no-party men. True. l i e is " the*•best abuped man" in the land, and juss for that very working for the man who presided at the Convention which nominated Pillmore, and h e utchaDged in his"like wounded snakes, dragged their slow lengthswalkers in Broadway, Leonard, and other streets, andl'two.Your correspondent says:'" Judse-Batcs i« no donbt the first choice o f Connecticut; h i s characteran.dhi«positionarealikeadaptedtothetoneof public •entixnent bete. Hin name, a* the.prooable nominee at Chicago,'•••banner."This may be that writer's opinion, but I believe most decidedly that he is egregiously mistaken. He cannot have mingled much with the people of this State, and hemustbemisinformeduponthesubject. Istateposi- tive^ ? Judge Bates is not the first, nor the second, nor tbethirdchoiceofthisStare. HeisnotaRepublican, and if he is nominated he will be a hard pill for us to swallow. HemaypossiblycarrytheState,buthegraphed view of their Church, which they offer for".80uri," calculating that all the other States which tained the field—it would decide in favor of John C. sale at $1. There is a considerable debt hanging over locking us up," etc., but before he could secure theirreason, unlike a new candidate, abuse can no longer opinions? Well, w e might possibly do it, but w e not only Illinois and Indiana's, but also Wisconsin, honorable future.along," came to an end, though as yet the champion- locked them up in the cells. The women arrested werejship remains undecided. For after the 47th moveia very disorderly, and kept up a continual racket in th«-injure bim. Any review of bis noble career and soundprinciples cannot fail to help hi? cause. " The Irre^pwfesible Conflict"—we will take care that men un-etand that; and then they will see in it a londamentaltruth, invoking us not to civil war, but to practical andeonrtatttuooal action. Familiarity with the doctrines I do not propose to give an opinion as to who is the of Mr. Seward and public discussion will speedily scat- first choice of Connecticut. With Fremont, Chaee,Iowa, Minnesota, and most likely Ohio and New- York's vote to the Democratic party.A large proportion of the Republican votes in theseStates aiecaat by adopted citizens, of whom not oneamong a hundred can be induced to vote for the Presi-dent oxthe Know-Kothiug Convention which nomi-nated Mr.Fillmore in 1856,andwhowillboltina hearfromgoodauthority,thatBarnum'sMuseumwill" don't hanker a'ter it." I have not herrd his name mentioned with approval b j a sintrle Republican in this State—and all who know me will agree that I am around among Republicans '; considerable if not more."CITY ITEMS.—: «Game No. 1, and the 51st in Game No. % the New- Yorkers telegraphed then- opponents that they would resign the first game if Boston would resign the second. To this an affirmative aiswer was returned. The fol- lowing is the schedule of last evening's work:FIRST GAME.Station-House all night. . . \ ' Australian Kelly, who was arrested some days ago. by tbe Detective Police of this city, on a Bench war*rantfromtheCourtsatBuffalo,and setatlibertyby/ Judge Ituesell on $1,000 bail, was yesterday afcernoonf surrendered by his bondsmanto Sergeant Dickson* Detective Eustace took Kelly in custody, aud started with bim immediately for Buffalo, where he will b$ givtnuptotbeauthorities. ,A young girl named Margaret Nesbittwas arrested lasteveningbyDetectiveKing,onachargeofstealing} $115inmoneyandaquantityofvaluablejewelryfrom!'TMrs. Wolilson of iS o. 116 West Fifteenth street, injwhose family she was engaged to take care of children^ During Mrs. W.'s temporary absence last Tuesday, Margaret helped herself to the property, and after fix- ing a step-ladder in front of the stairs, so that, the litthj onemightnot falldown,she decamped,and wasnot; seen until yesterday, when the officer found her at he* aunt'sinRosestreet. MoEtof theproperty was re- covered.3*£W YOttK PAILY TRIBUNF^ gATCRDAY, MAUCH 17, i860m&to&m&zx tover^ha;d,arid-the^^expression of-the late8tat><Bonven-. d^aierrm^tfre^city^wb^New-York, witt \ ^ $ t y ft aissenting voice, is torI ^ttfrfgrtjim, Xventure to wrioe. Wm..H. Sewara; ^ ^ i o n beh?g, ^SSffhSU bea>ts of all the true lovers t>f Liberty'throughout its 'is vitalto allpaits of the T3nion. Withthe exception of^ a a J ^ ^ , iferottgk your columns, urged the claims ofisacitizenof.t^at%&*>,butmoreparUcularlybecausebreadthandwidth. j[ :'$>K?TJISY;LVAN*A. MeWofyourcom^poodenu,andevenTHKTRIB-he,oftheru&i.^'qnalifiedforthepoetOon.HePhiladelphia,March9,Hfifc'V!J-.•':•••-;;v;W&.C,.;-.,• •.'.•" JOBNC-^REMOKr.:••••••••: ^ W v To0»iEdfter<tfTfeoN. Y.Tribune. t; ,, ;onemonth,theWestwasneverrepresentedinthePresi- dentialchair, although she bos many statesmen, who canbefavorablyoomparedwithfireablestinanypart of the United States* Although we set .not much i,n- portanoeuponlocalpreferences,yetthesentimentof the masses of the people-cannot, be entirely disre-.The Committee adjourned at.6o'clock, to meet on *-'••O^K-rf*>f,8<*auts<*•**Mr.Sewardisthebestmuxand iainie^itva^publicao,triedandfirm;herepre- the tret choice of the Republicans, but, at the wame sents ^gm^mSd''candidly every principle of" ST. PATIIPCK^DAV IN THE MORNING."—This 17th of March being the birthday of Ireland's patron Saint-—famows,historically,asbeingthefirstmissionary sentoutbytheearlyRomishChurch;and,mythically, for a su'cceea in extirpating snakes and frogs from theFndaynext,at4p.m. CABINET MAKKRS'?3*the W^ubricaSparty his position"^ *•»**°£> •tinH^%eesn toae*watethat hewould poll fewervotes ne^ercan hissincerity*e^uestioued; heU»notiun-STRIKE.—In axwordanee with theresolutionadoptedattheCabinetMa-kers'meeting ,! heldonThursdaynight,theadvanceof10percenj:XLincoln, W ade, Trumbull, and, I believe, Seward, w eterprejudiceandidlefears. Evennowthisworkis couldcarrytheState-withanoverwhelmingmajority; bodytheverymomenttheRepublicansnominatea soonbeasilentdesert. Itsdoorsaretobeclosedupongobsg on. Mr. Seward daily gains favor, at least r throughout this community and this State. Men begin but don't saddle us with Bates.man who is no Republican as regards Slavery,but thepublic. Whether itis^tobe moved up town, or• WHITE, (New-Y ork). 36.•K.toB.3.37. •It. to K. 3. 38. :K. x R . 39..K.toB.4.40. .P. to Q. I t 3. 41..P.toQ.It.4. 42..K.toB.3. 43..K.toK.2.44. .P. to K. R . 4. 45. .P. toK.Kt. 4. 46..P. tekeaP.47. .K. to Q. 2.BLACK, (Boaton). P.toR.4.My ownindividual preferences areforFremont. 7andyonwill geeenthusiasm inthis Statewhichwill TheGerman Republicans adhere to theprinciples alienate from us the so-called cons«rva'..ve and no- throw the campaign of 1856in the shade. Nine cheers proclaimed m the Philadelphia Platlorm—a platformtoknowhimasawiseanaprudentstatesman,anhon- est, outspoken, and courageous man.isconsideredbythem,moredangerous thaneventhe Hisname routes al] the fire of o6. Give us Fremont, iotten Democracy.R. x R.K. to B. 3. P.toQ.4.P. to Q. 5. P.toQ.B.3.K.toK.5.P. to Q. B. 5. K.toQ.4. P.toQ.B.4.ThenominationofMr.Sewardwillnotpeiteanentlypartymen. Iftheyholdoffforatime,theprogressof forFremont. Kespeufollyyonrs,whichhadnogreater,opponent in1856thanthevery debts"oftbeproprietor. Iftheholdersofthosenotes gentlemanwhomyou, curiously enough,wishto seeopinion will bring them around, especially if the Charleston Convention nomhiate, as preseot appear- ancesindicate^BreckenridgeorS&evene,orsomeother extreme Southern man.•GEO. P.BKSSELL. Presidentofthe Hartford JPreiuont Club of 185C, and a hard worker in 1860.Conn., March 9,1860.have concluded to,take the "grizzly bear," and " sea Jartym1860—agentlemanwho,ifconsistent(which lion,"and"Whatisit?"togetherwithallthedrieddo hardly doubt in a man of the eminence and age mermaids and mummies, in liquidation,of their claims, of Mr. Bates), willbe bound to vote, again against the we recommend them to lure the proprietor to go alongTHE VOICE O F MICHIGAN. We need not much fear a third party. Mr. Bates at •To the Editor of The 2f. Y. Tribune.And Block resigns.Thetact is,the people have been gulled enough.Theybegintoactinearnest. Theyaredispoeedinthe appearsinyourpaperofthe9ihult.- coming campaign torange themselves on one side or • the other, and meet the treat issue before the countrypromptly and squarely; For this reason thay stronglydesue, and almost dexuind, candidates wnom they ^uio^ and feel to he worthy of their suffrages. Politi- ciansshouldnoticethat,morethanever-before,weI agree wiih all that you or any of your correspond- ents may say on the subject of Mr. Bates's character j for honesty, bis uprightness, «fcc., and also believe himXew-York,Hartford,nominated as the standard-bearer of the Republicancoirespondents—more particularly J . H . V. A., whichMR. SEWARD AND PENNSYLVANIA. tobeanearnestRepublican;and,ifheshouldbenom- TotheEditor ofTheN.Y. Tribune.inated,shallgivehimmyheartysupport. YetIdo Sm: I'seeitstatedinyourpaperofto-daythatwhether nominated ornot, whether we will or no,will I not think him the proper person to be nominated at Gen. Cameron had said that Mr. Seward could carry city; and among them are some noble willows, whichplayathirdgamefortbechampionship.kindlednnderthemanger,andhad burnedofftheropa that secured a horse in the stable. The animal was? saveduninjured.• I t is worth while to consider, too, that Mr. Seward,isremarkableforsomeofthefinesttreesinornearthethistime,anddoubtverymuchifhecouldbeelected. thisStateby10,000majority. Inthistheremust arethreatenedwitharuthlesstreatmentthatamounts • - Some of your correspondents urge that only certain Pennsylvania, and tl at no radical Republican can carry not even the shadow of a chance for carrying the beauty. Opposite the University building, in Wooster" New Jersey, Indiana, and Illinois, and perhaps Mis-who is the. exponent of the principles of a party whichoutoftown,wecannotstate,butoftheclosingofthis popular place of amusement we are assured. W e are alsoassuredthatitsclosinghassomeconnection,though we cannot,saywhat,withthosecelebrated"clock• Xeaat, if be fail to secure tae nomination, will not head . one.Ifbewill,heisnotfittobereckonedamongSIB.:IhavereadattentivelyandcautiouslyyourI85t>,eveniftheChicagoConventionshouldbeweakwiththem,forwithoutBarnuniitmightwellbeasked"WHITK,(BoBtoo.) BLACK,(N«w-Yoik.)-Republican nominee, if chosen upon the platform of theRepublicans. All attempts at a third party have views in regard to the availability of Mr. Bates as our enough to nominate the gentleman himself.-44. .P. to P .SECOND GAME.ANEW-FIKE-ESCAPEcause he is the representative man to-day. By desert- Tbe most that can be urged on the ground of his avail- surely be an error, as he has quiterecently asserted to the destruction, for long years to come, of all their given to the presBand others to witness the exhibition ing him, then, we gain nothing, and lose much. ability is that he may carry Indiana, Illinois, and here, to my certain knowledge, that. Mr. Seward had of an improved fire-escape bag, at Thorp's Hotel, inhe the representative man of the Republican party, be-BAG.—An invitationwascanuidutes can carry particular States. It may be so; them. Iwillnotventureanopinionuponthatpoint;older Iamnotwillingtograntthisasafact, butifitmen can judge better. Yet there is a point to be con- ehould be so, are there not other States that he would sidered in tbi» connection. Sach correspondents as- lose that a radical Republican would not? One thingState; and he was right. Youis, B. M. street, is the stump of a grand tree, .shortened, under Union square, yesterday afternoon. This instrumentO.'ive Tax. 50 cAnd our daughtersCoaitomptton, tind. 'vrexBoniaons of s& JILK.GAKDXSB'Sand may befoundii DOWNTXG,: dTSTBss than h e b choioebeds." T H E OCTOITHK OCTOROON am tractions for soma' Is JTT still contiai THIS Arrxnaooy •anted for the hu'. tEVERY DAY-CZITH A»TICB BY : FOWLKBA. WBLta' bow to control tb-st-which is worth to iGAS! G A S ! - Tradewillbefoua< to No. yj^Broadwj0 LONDONCLI .jtamttfactarad by••heir asent in this c .Article i s superior t tainad at aae-hail'tMilhons o f 1Xlto BIRVT are n< Obadrea Teethir?, •diste and certainDlEATH^? ANA. Bokee, e^-M m< eional District, d day. Hewaafo ing. Itineuppot prepaiingforbet death was the re inhiauaualhealtborn in New-Yoj m in Consrrees 1'rotlrom1849tolb'31Anairs; and his 1 'Officer of the Po: •more.KKPT/BLrC.^Hbe Eighth W a rfollowing noroining of the l&h 3For Alderman. ~ Beigen; forCoa»»'Methodist £pi£C< ris pastor, recer corner of W lC which they proj-a brick church •one thousandretir for the HOCTKJB BOILKK VERDICT OF TH! TVCK PttOPKUtT Theinvestiguutjwith thehoUt-r| Tan'Brunt, stt $ineer, John 11^jured, was cox -day aftemociuIn addition whichitwaa fromordinary to the auperut were examuie< whichtheboit proved that itg»TheJuryretij deliberatioM.orI • . ';. |Philadelphia, March15,1860. • .' T H E VOrCE O F OHIO.droopingtothewater,andagloryofshadewhichhas pected. Theresult,however,satisfiedthespectators The last State Convention of Ohio,'held for the elec- made that central spot an attraction to the whole that en improvement has been made in this description the gift of the people, and to whom I would gladly extent in Michigan—and it is equally certain that they tion of Senatorial Delegates to the Republican National neighborhood. These are'undergoing the same pro- of life-saving apparatus. Tbe bag is constructed ofvocethehighesthonors,butthemeritandpositionof willneversupportMr.Bates. TheyhateDemocracy Convention,wasofgrea$importance,sofarasitex-cess,anddayafterdaytheworkproceeds,tillonly strongcottonduck,isaboutthreefeetinwidth,andat- Mr.SewarOwepecaliar. One-ofthepioneerso(the ofthepresentstripewithtoocordialahatredtovote pressedthesentimentsofthepeopleofOhio,inregard thebarren.etompewillbeleft. Isitnotpossibleto tachedtotheinsideofthewindowbyacrosa-bar.same' that with any candidate w e can. carry most oftheNorthernStates. OfthisIamnotsosaie. There iscertain:theGermanRepublic±nsholdintheirhandsLast evening, Charles Olson fell from the topsail- these trcee standi around the fountain, with branches cities, that little that was new or interesting w as ex- yard of the ship Time, lying at the Battery, and w a sare many Republicans fully competent for any office in the balance of power in very many of the Northern States—say Iowa, Illinois, Wisconsin, and to a greatparty, faithful to Liberty through darkness and oiiutn,|lhat t chet, buttbey will stand aloof and let the contest to tbe candidate for the Presidency. , arrest this threatened destruction ? Is it at the discre- The bag ij laced upon this, and a circular iron bar,go by default. There is no bond of affinity, no sym- Although the State has three or four men in- her tion of an incompetent Superintendent to destroy the which extends to the outside, keeping the month open.pathy, no affiliation between them and Mr. Bates and midst who make c'aims for the candidacy to the highest very beauty which he has been appointed to preserve 1 At intervals of eight or ten feet strong India rubber his friends.for years the acknowledged head of the party and ex- •ponent of its principles, against whom none can whis- per aught mean or dishonest—a man brave and at>le,,piomu-eourfidelitytoprinciple,andsojustlyincur ridicule and scorn lor inconsistency, aa to render some • strong States atleustdoubttul? I . seems to me that a candidate chesen to carry a particular Sta*e may fail to carry others quite as important. But, with M r. Seward as our 8tanaard-S>earer, we can TAise^a tide of' enthusiasm and enlightened opinion which will over- .flow,purity,andregeneratethedoubttulStates.We • shall be wideawake. We will send them men, money, . and documents to posh the cause in every honorableway. Yet,asIsaid,olderandwisermencanjudgebetter.•"We young men will abide their decision. But suicd . we expect to toil untiringly frooa the 16th day of .Slay till sundown OTTthe 2d OAy of November, may we not . lairry ask that our sage Republicans consider, among other circuftwtances, what name can beet be Freedom'stribute10,000or15OuOvotestomakeuptheresult. Presidency. onlysufficedtocreate,sweptawayatthocapriceof atthesametimebreakinghisfall. Inthismannerhe Illinois has given 5,000 Republican majority, and the. Whatever may be said of the machinery of conven- stupidity ? Did tho Superintendent ever read—if in- descends to the ground without receiving the slightestAsia-AFRICAN CIVILIZATION SOCIETY. TotheEditorofTheA*.Y. Tribune.<- /TheJustqueetion,however,is,Whorepresentsthe ^principles of the Republican party ?—fox it cannot for a ^moment be urged that we should sacrifice or 1-iy aside•atsingleplankinourplatform inordertoconformto the notions of any proposed candidate, for such oan, in -mason and jnstice, have no possible claim to noti~ b y .-^the Convention, and the issue of 1860 being precisely -*e-that of 1856, then we have a hasis upon which to jstaud, and when the. man is found who is identified withlho»eprinciples, hemayclaim attention atthe bands of the Convention, and not otherwise.country would take the place of strife and acrimony.With Seward or Lincoln or Clay, you will see tbe Republican Statesman, w ho, free from Jesuitical mouthful; and now the new Board of Managers arethis evening to aid the Lynn shoemakers in their; strike....Tbe Rev. Hugh Henry of Chicago has re- ceived a unanimous call from the Fourteenth-street Scotoh Presbyterian Church (the Rev. Dr. McElroy's), to become their associate pastor, and colleague of D r .Yourstruly,Editors through th e country will coni'er u favor by publishing1entire Northwest roil up such a majority us she never hasbefore,eveninthe"goodtime"of'56.cliques-free from the reproaches of having used his voiceinfavorofeverycorruptappropriation,stoodup mainly and vigorously in defense of Rapublicau priu- ciples; and who could better auswer all these claims than Mr. Chase 7 His whole life was dedicated to thelookingabouttoeeewhatistobethenextmove. Thty even begin to feel that it is disgraceful that the American Institute lias no fixed abiding place. T h e managers axe even now looking after a permanent lo-the above.March 15, I860. No. 23 Bible House, New-York, N . Y .HEALTH.—Most men when going to sleep take otfthe covering they wore in the daytime, and then turk in tbe bed-Your«,Detroit, Mich., .March 10,1860.fc<*.,S .A. A . CONST ANTINK, Corresponding Secretary,EDWARD BATES.To the Editor of The N. Y. Tribune. 'realization of the great idea of liberty. He worked cation. A placenot only for the offices of the secreta- McElroy. under all circumstances—even under the greatest dis-SIK: In jouribsue of to-day,youinviteanexpres- sion of opinion from any of your readers who think tbey have any suggestion of importance to makein regardtothegieatthemethatnowoccupiesthecouragements—BOtrulyandnobly,thathisnomination alone, without much of a platform, would suffice. During fhe last twelve years he furnished, as Senator in th* United States Serate, and as Governor 'of Ohio, thehighestproofofpoliticalwisdom. Itisgenerallyries, and place of business for the managers, and rooms for meetings of tbe Farmers' Club and Polytechnic So- ciety, attached to tbe Institute, buta place where the annualexhibitionc»nbeheld. Thequestionis,where ehall that location be ? It must be somewhere within easy reach of briefness meln and their country friends. H must not be located very far up town, n o r very' far off Broadway. Within five minutes walk of the City»T., held a Social Meeting'and Temperance Leveea t theirrooms,No.163Bowery,onWednesdayeveniogiclothes around t b e neck, which, becoming t o o warm, gets opeaHaarang found men who are sound on the issue to betried»ndwhoarewillingtorueorfallthereon,the»eaa and most important object is, who is tbe strong- attention of the Republican party, viz: th<3 Chicago coijceded than no other Senator from this State lias eat and who can carry the largest number of States?— Nomination. A s an original Republican!and Seward ever doiiC so. much for the Sute, uud the West iu andthisi*amatterofnolittleimportance,forthereis Whig,1wouldliketoculltheattentionofthatclass general,ashehasdone. Healwaysactedpromptly,remember when they were imprudent. The ounce ofpreven-tion which is worth more than a pound of pure is to tie a h*nd-where ail lies. If we get a candidate without a fault of our friends, in your State and eLewhere, to what I boldly and successfully for his constituents. otherwise,andhefaileto possess the requisite strength, have to say. And I now not only speak my own Do the Germans recollect how infamously they werehas just h a d quite a revival, aud bus received many advise a more cool o n e . Judging b y what I have observed, valuable accessions, The Hall w as filled with the neither temperature is of any consequence, compared witbtli«> members and friends of the Order, and all passed a air they breathe. I have known a number of persons who h*v*66 rcaaaly not becjtuse he hue any conscientious scrapie*5»^reg*£dtothejustieeorinjusticeoisodoir.#,forif rearedtoitspresentproudhugbt,audwhencompleted tothemainquestion,Mr.Chaseintroducedanamend-^ stituteshouldhavealocation,andhaveitatonce, hoifee-shoetube,withtheoponendsupward,theair Three-sioivbrickhouse«ndlotonPutnam-av.,near ,thtt"we\«ethecasehewouladenytherightofauy0toer and IUHtuskfinished,lethimbeplacedontheapexas ment toempower Territorial Legislaturestoprohibit pencili t*&old them, which I believe he does not. H eWiiot opoc***l to the extension of Slavery in territory the representative of onr great principles. But,Mr. Slavery in the Territories. This compelled the Demo-because,forwant;ofsuch,ithasnoplaceforanex- tobeheatedpassingdown through oneleg,whichis Hunter-si <"'>M'«V/ " "* • * five inches in diameter, and up through the, other, AHKJIST OK STKKKT-WAi.KERs.-The Eighth Ward^p:T&vrtz&>>b*iaofpiigtothe Ihiited State*, r>ut Dou^Uui- Edi or, we, in Pennsylvania; know where w e stand crats to chow their cloven feet, and whaVbave tbey hibition the present year." rwhich is wx iuches in diameter. H e said that this dif- Police, by direction of Capt- Tumhuil, on Thurjdayfereucewassufficienttomakethecurrentstrongand nightmadearaiduponthelowclassofstreet-walkers permanent. His plan w as severely criticised by sev- who frequent Canal and Broome street* in 0 » •*-yfceisindm!etei?tonth-tsubject,thoughprobablyfree andamongwhomwelive,andwehopeoarfriends done'/Theyvotedagainsti-.Weshall>alccanothersaveourgreatleaderfromtinahysswethinkthey ofmanyiowhichMr.ChasetookaneapeoMUlymarked ^*nartvtoboltthenojuintUion,andtoplaceintoeIklda wouldplongebimin. ButlettheChicagoConvention standpoint.FiaberdiedsuddenlyonFridaymoi-niugofdis^eofTranslatedfromtbeChicinnatiVolksblatt.erioualyinjured. OfficerRodgeraoftheSteamboat quad, took him to the Hospital.Late yesterday afternoon a wman entered the play- groundattachedtotheGreenwichstreetPubli;School, No. 11, and requested a little boy to hold her baby for ** moment, but failed to return. The teacher missed!he boy, and upon looking for him, found him iuduatri- ou*ly engaged trying to put the child to sleep. Tha ;ufant was sent to the Aims-House.true una tried, the party and the world owes himcommon debt. Suppose that the Dougia3 wtug of the ' They are radical, and love radicalism, not only in office of the Union, and, although every one of them One tree yet stands. Cannot that be spared 1 or mtu-t bands, four inches wide, are secured on the outside of• Democracy should nominate somebody else than Doug-la*. T h e cases are analogous. I f w e abandon M r.-Seward, maywenotHOdampen enthusiasm,so"weaken our proud and honorable position, so com- a Republican majority of 5,000, and the Germans con-fr *»£f» w. • • XT3Z EI to *.<acW: "W^jtWmIWl"~MiH?V'-i.?-dents of .State .ejections have hsen c'ted ^ - H t a H ^ L E S ^ ^ mnf ofMflo.* Ms^mi^r^ gartfed as one of the most eminent GlweWara Ohid' head* of bne of the most exStmclve firms of marble that was ecofibmical only when considerable ventila-Jersey City,at. begin to prowl?-ievening, . n d g , jfigB^: Whenlot theirbowlinggvr agreatpartof.fbOnFridaym«r 4>efoie Justice Kwho repretc-B'trlprorrfeedgoodi Tourother?,;wl;< «are for them. w« werefixed$5ce' lockedupforfive CADETS CE T J<%tk«a;««I*»lookin* . the Cadets of Temp*- arid bif Uly Int«rewt*<3has slightly «mvl. •Otove a a i H«d»?a Christopher and U ''Wbatfc-rftotoftlfrskha ,'jminiim Tbeva are fodows: BrookljnS MoroetrtileSectir, liarrutKirgbSectioT,teeots, E. D .A TTEMPT ^ o K bakernamedUer.jtbejfact. ^SfQw, t >rt . „ , . cithercandidateonaRepublicantick^ ^xtik barrythtet State, if he was half a Republican. ' ^ ^ a 9 ti0 the coses cit^d,there-isnodependencet'^^»ift^djhxsuohteeti-(wUee*rdidiicehenominatedatChicago. Andrince stillmore,thecandiHate^^ ^^ jpro-Stevexy.^<?«t^temandpationi8r;EnwARDBATO ttannotonly ;every.true;Kepublican, but eaaasHe was a Dfrector/^f .theBroaJiway Bank, as also ofh 0 T e o t a I corfsdrriipe^heatel^rry^^Republicanprinciple's,.andW^LSWttigo^pfromthe andknOwshowtoprovidefortbenvisieverywhere valleys of Pennsylvania on tpj*t eve»tful night which considered a matter of impovtance.- The West is of will proclaim a land once move free, and rejoice the great importance, and the a<,velop9sont of its resourcesdeceased.was'noted'forhisbenevolence,andgave wasfehaveansirchamberimmediatelynadeteae}*M room,-which should contain the cprl; in thatcisenS large sums yearlytoeharitobleinati^utions. Mr. Fisher room, coujd cheat any other out of its supply of heat.was 53 years of iage, and, though he had been confined Mr. Bnggs «aid that nearly as much heat wa* require* tothehoueeforsometime,hisdeathwasunexpected. tomoictentbeairproperlyastobeatit. •.•,Swt: Permita.constantreaderofTHE TRIWC^JE, andNow*Ibefterethat'Mr-Sewardiotheslrongestmu> ^TTZ Concedehisposition;andnoOnewhohas •onewhohastraveledesAensivelyfintheNorthernand garded,muchleefitheirself-confidenceviolated.Mr.tb*x*fOfo«o*berk^«Trrorcwreut,TO&IK treasonafchrradical inhwviews,norisheso couserya-consider x>W"$oskion « a a party. Every mao ad\mta trolr a National mun, under wjhose administration, peoplewftSienthusiasm. .Andwhy should'itbeother-the '3tM^se,of hie cia*m*. There can he no exc«se for *ho*id he be chosento the office of President, no sec- wise-7 Indeed, itfjeems strange to me 'thatthis fact is in'ftie Unionj and hope that the voice of tbe people of the heathen—to-day is to be celebrated by our Celtic tee appointed by the Society, Mepsrs. Siraou, Witteaod! ldewSwog^ftto^ •gave mere expediency* Ifweaocodnate tion of our Confederacy would have just cause of com>•piaint.wneefne a t <&very tarn, to -juench our ardor, ttad to of ruthless de«peradoee, and whose safety in person " The objections are not only against the Senator and-propertyshallbeheicLsacred,andwhoserights ismofthisintrepidandnoblesonofoursoil?Whoa manrt* the game principles, we only change men — i thefew fenrthe greater. If we choose'another man ap- pare%tJy^or*r«al!y less radical, w e seem either to try todeedhn&'Or'rStedefromourprbjciple*, 5nanycasewewould only reply, that i f the Republican party bow- down before the South in the conservative element, it willhavenofuture,anddefeatwillneverthelessbetary and the Convention of the various civic socieiies, foraunitedprocession,whichwillforminGrand street,underthecommandofCoLMichaelCoicoran,upon it, he is the only man who.can call out the energy i If -vve with a 'repetition of the scenes enacted in and enthusiasm necessai?y"to secure a^euccessful cam- "Eanessatvhepeopftngof.eachnewStateyetto^ ad- paign,andresultinginthetriumphoftheRepublican mitted into the Union, then nominate 8iid elect a man eaoBe. Not in the opinion of your humble correspond- whoismdifferentwhetherSlaverygoesthereornot; entalone,isthisfactevident,astensofthouaanflsjnwmr,*adperhapsjustlyincurthebkeerandbtighfcagvrhtJr^ofWriBcingfaithful Jeadersandcherished prin--eipl*9«hrtbwmere chance of victory. This^charge will peaceful and lawful avocaiions, unmolested by bands should be ^fohn C. Fremont. W ho doubts the patriot- by its Senator- Clingman of North Carolina:BOutterly ignored by the jaufjzals of the^ay. Dependbut,ontheother'hand,ifitbe'deemedofanyimport- wouldgladlytestify;hutseriously,isitnottruethat inevitable.ance to "the 'country thaS her citizens shenM follow the name"fiTet'on our banner when (Sung to the breeze, -Let us further hear what declaration the South makes and Grand Marshal Michael Connelly. From GrandYourobedientservant,A GEltMAN IUSrUttJUCAN VOTER O F ^TRETlilKXJ&HiNXH W AItD. ' March 14,18t0.• "REPUBLICAN.doubt that Mr. Cbase, if his pervices are rightly appre- ciated,willwithoutmuchdifficultybenominated.Let his friends in Ohio and .other States earnestly co-bill will deliver hie address, a t the Academy of Music, on"TheFidelityofIrelandinDefenceofherAncientthey were committed to the cells.Thesegirlswereofadifferent classfrom thosear« rested tbe night previous, being better.dreysed and bet- ter behaved. Two of the girls apprehended on Thurs-gave their electoral votes for Fremont in 1856 are sure lor Mr. Bates now.The Republican Conventions of several States, especially those of Missouri and Wisconsin, indicate the incorrectness of.your calculations. SupposingMr.Bates Ehould be able to carry Pennsylvania and New- standard-bearer, we may not only expect a final vic- Jersey, he would, without the slightest doubt, transfer tory, but the Republican party will secure for itself anviewsistobeappliedtowarditsliquidation.Lendpoli.ics but in everything else. Iowa gives a Republi- possesses great abilities and many warm friends, M r. the bag, which contract it in. such a manner as to leavecan majority of some 3,000, and the Geroian-Republi-. we be doomed to see the last protection of that charm-Chase, nevertheless, b y a vote of 380 against- 72 votes, ing spot against the fierce sun of Summer give way, a email aperture. A person striking this part in his de-•tfoxiiaan.'evident flignthat thepeople of,'<>ni©.know how to appreciate him.:'., ... v ; -"'['..'••' ^ ' . ~J & 3 ^ J £ 2 £ £ K L 2 ^ °Ohio at the Chicago Convention will find a reecho. friends with that zeal which they ever manifest in main- But (we frequently hear it said) a man of so decided-a character .as Mr. Chase will find too much resistance taining the honored rites of their native land. Arraoge- in the timid and conservative elements. To that w e ments have been made, by the chiefs of the Irish Mili-"bringhomeious,with3tir»gingforce,ourmgr&Sitnde,and.privilegesshallberecognizedasequaltothoseofdoubtshisloveof,anddevotiontotheUnion?Name,(Seward),buthaveequalapplicationtoanymemberThereitwillbereviewedbytheMayorandCommonMondaymorning. ^beppa'd,a*P<osi^onrtimiorty, onr idolatry <!fsnccns.Besides, if the Republican party throw overboard>tbefrJtried-nshampientand,togainatransientaly*nt- •**?*, thoore for standawi-^eaxexe men leas tried and less •known, what encouragement is there to honest a n d •strenuous effort? What"hope that an abte*nd d«votedhis "teilowiiaan, then nomenate and elect a man who has sworn eternal hostility to the invasion of thosegentlemen editors, who, of all onr noble and true- hearted, patriots, can'be more firmly relied upon, in the hourofdangerorperil,whendisunionandtreason flauntingly display their incendiary torches to reduce tbis fair fabric of government to ashes, than John C .the Republican party may elect."No matter, even if the Republican party, from fearoftheSouthandtheconservativeelements,shouldde- grade itself by taking a compromise candidate of doubt-Council; thence proceed u p Broadway to Fourteenthsfjreet;throughSeventhavenue,.Twenty-first street,First avenue and Eighth street re the Bowery, where• ••-•LATEITEMS.—LastnighttbepoliceoftheEighth: Ward, under direction of Capt. Tnrnbull, made another./Hng fh# Qrrmsui pick *teb Sheppard. I n i received a slight en*. < andtakenbeforeJest nutted him to ax s- v «Kd-I.KR BY A esrpenter, wbi'e t t Msuket, slipped or. {rotter, wfc»nlc w"*s the ground betlow. > tore of the skull, and bald an inquest,on dental death.** D . - vFounn DEA3A-"trts foond dead m th< •*'t.y morntxs^ In bisi»-* deo«*ii« in face. 41 Death from natoraiPARTIAL DY,A XKMY.AU.—Dr. H * K I tients with whom \m compliance withthe •suibmdihi«Eiu 1» offers to attend oil p withoutcharge,uai «qnaled. aod protect: •elf-styled Anrbts« of stiu more seiioa damjerous remediq*Dr.H.mayhen: with any person ad\ C&ven permission oi io emanate from tiin' any alarmimj COOMSC t»»n. The1««Moro bnt the deprivation ought toboregarde citude.Deafness, noi** bi irom the Kar. spefidi ing thaleastpainor teed where rnsiforn*Thirteen years* cl< branch of sp»Mrisl pr mttA to such a degre and obstinate cas<^i i prescribed.The destruction b; which Dr. HAKTLKI - bis doties in that c:Btitution for the ex6 Kth-st., opposiUi th<Consultation and 1 Jost published, aTHK EAR: rn» Cs Price25cents,by mBRONCHITTS, AXevitalizeyonr8; StreagtbenandP\Irto•Tbey will ii Toor Digest Your Livfr The SecretiOnr Circular coat) Eev. JC«HCA L< Kev.D.W.C.CiJtev.EDWAHD3 Tnusx-ow W a s ISAAC V . Ko-w LI;SixrtoarDRAPB GEOKGB LAVT. « And many otheWphbKcan can jrahx*he»ju«; reward of faithful public 1 ?CONNECTICUT-NOT FOR JGS)GE BATES.T» the- JSJAVar of The &. *Y. Tribune.SIK: You invite suggestions upon the "importantand interesting theme." of the candidate lor the Presi- dency, and as onemanfrom Connecticuthasspoken, in your i.'sue of March 9, please allow me a word oron the war against the party. Therefore, no such un-Fremont ? T h e "little giant" would soon find him to manly insinuations; we want a statesman of a decided those who love to honor him with the proverbial sun- girls whom they caught talking with men on Broad- '««rvj««' If great potdioprominence and fidelity make ' men wwa-railaole, hiw eao we expect oer ablest states- men aftd orators y» uo their utmost in the coining caa-be "Jack the ©iant-K^.ler." 'Indeed, to conclude, give the Republicans their gallant leader of 1856, with Cameron or Dayton for the Vice-Presidency, and vic- tory isours.YonrB truly, and for the cause of Union and Freedom.representative character, and with such a one alone shine of ,his biitbday, the procession wi/I make a fine way, Broome, and other streets. About half of tha:Butif w e nc»Tn8ie Mr. Seward we put THK OVMX ' upon T B I platfcwrm. W e take a n open and decided • eonmo; w e neither shirk nor dodge, feat stand squarelyon oar principles. ^Oor course and our candidate will: * nm* mininjess are worth much, from their very rarity, will <ive life and strength to oar party in the severe rtruggle in a potivtcal oontest. As a young man, I miy feel tads •which is impendint; in onr Stat*> election. 1 trast that w e shall 4•mece than others. Yet, remember, the young men are triumph at-any rate; I should be certain of sneceaa if Jnd^e Hate* were our nominee, and Ida-name actually inscribed on oursitdowntotheir Annual Dinner at the Metropolitanobstinately insist on their candidate. W e have no Hotel. At 8 o'clock in the evening, the Rev. Dr. Ca- their attention, but notwithstanding their entreaties•€lod-givenimmunities. ZXua,~N. Y. March 8,186a'J.w.••ful character, the South would nevertheless still carry it will be dismissed. If Ireland's patron saint favors raid upon the s'reet-walkers, and arrested thirteen ;Cleveland, Ohio, March 12, 1860.THE GERMAN REPUBLICANS WILL BOLT.we can obtain a victory worthy our efforts.But, say oihere, if Chase shonld have no chance for a nominationatCnicago,wouldOhio,notwithstanding,display. A t 6, p. m., the Friendly Sons of St. Patricknumber protested against being locked up, and repre- . •fnted that they had "babies" at home who neededTFremont.But.letusnot.expectsujh astateofthings;letthe Church, and the sum realized from the sale of the3eaiTest again both ran down a side street a n d escaped. TheeffectoftheseraidsbyCapt.Turhbuliwastbai keeping of these unfortunates off Broadway and they contignous streets.us hope and labor that Mr. Chaee, who with radicalprinciplescombinesmoderation—whoseabilities,whosepure and untarnished character, have placed him in thefrontranksofstatesmen,maygloriouslycomeoutofthe Chicago Convention. With nim as the Republican ing the two games which have for eo many nights, Capt. Ilutcbings, last night arrested seventeen street-BAU.NUM'S MUSKUM ABOUT TO BE CLOSED.—WepretenseoStrimming,toabightofsomefifteenfeet, isalreadysowellknownasameansofrescuingper- and literally without a single twig left. A group of sons from burning buildings, particularly in EuropeancanvoteinthatStateisover10,000. Wisconsingives wasdeclaiedasthechoiceoftheConventionforthe audthebeautywhichthelifetimeofagenerationhas scentopeDBthebagandpermitshimselftopassthrough TheHon.Wm.A.Boffum,lateConsuloftaeUnited States at Trieste, came passenger in the steamshipGermans have a t least 15,000 votes in that State. I n this State, they poll 5,000 votes—not enough, perhaps, to lo.^e the State, but enough tomake it doubtful. Can we afibrd to dispense with such a power?tions, and however cunning electioneering may be done in favor of one candidate or the other, yet it cannot be denied that, in the overwhelming vote given by the Convention, the voice of the people w as clearly ex-deed Le can read—the song of "Woodman spare that tree"?concussion or injury, while the bag hangs ,in a perpen- dicular position. Thus, no one is absolutely required to be at the bottom to hold the month of the-.bag. It isSIR : Will yon permit m e to call the attention of Again: Personal popularity has a great deal todo pressed, and the wishes of the masses were truly re- THE AMERICAN INSTITUTE—WHERE SHALL IT BE intended to be placed in tenement houses, or buildings your readers to the fact that the African Civilization Society iawithtbesuccessordeleatofcandidate?,whetherthey flected. Inaformerarticle,wereferredtothepoliticalare running lor a Ward office or /or President. Mr. sentiments of the people, as-they have been developedBates is undoubtedly weaker than any other candidate since JM6, upon which principles not only the politicalof-greatbight,andconvenientlylocatedinasnugbox now preparingtosendapioneercompanyofintelligent,enter-mentioned, sofar as that element enters into the can-movements since' that ti.ne are b<*sed, but also theprising colored families, to commence the formation of Christian man can adjust it without difficulty, and then throw his industrial settlements in'the Yoruba country, in Africa ? Prof- somewhere, is beyond dispute; or else let the organiza- Campbell and Dr. M . R . Delany have concluded a treaty with thovass. Comparativelyunknown,andpersonallyaquiet., originofthe'Republicanparty. Mr.Chat.estoolacthe fctay-at-houie sort of a person, he cannot rally around head of these movements, led them, and gave theintionbedieuolved,anditsmanagersacknowledge,as wifeandchildrenintothebag.bywhichtheywillgo KingandchiefsofAbbeokuta,whoarefri<*n<?lytotheenterprise, the public long since have of them, that tbey are utter- safely to the ground. A large number of persons went and are anxiously looking for the arrival of settler* from <&i«rhim a partie'e of personal strength In many of the States, I presume, ne has not a personal scquiintance. With Seward, Cbase, Lincoln, or Clay, the caselife: and, by his strong hand, and suill'ul leadership, maintained"the field under the most adveise circum-through the bag yesterday afternoon, some headfore- most and others in tbe usual way. The proprietors ofcountry to instruct thtm in the arts and sciences of Christkr* civilization.We now have on our list the names o f fifty-seven persons, w h a are anxious to go to Yoruba as soon as our Society can aid them- Among the number are three ministers o f tho GospeLThe bark. Mende, under the management of a firm of coloredf gentlemen, i s n o w in this port, und in a few weeks will sail foe Africa, touching at Lagos, the port where our company willland, and proceed at once to Ableoknta, a city of a hundred thousand inhabitants, i n a fine, healthy section o f country.This is a most favorable opportunity, as the bark has good a c - con modation8, is manned and officered by colored men, who will do all in their power to render tho passage agreeable t> aiL B u t we lack the necessary funds to send them. And yet this can b o supplied, if all who read thi« will at once send!a small donation- Must this favoruble'opportunity pass by for want of the needed!aid, and their cherished hopes end in gloomy disappointment? Kindreader,w.illyouhelp,andmakeyourremittancenoustobur Treasurer, Robert Lindley Murray, esq.,No.65 Broadstreet, New-York, N . Y ., or to the Corresponding Secretary? -Who willimitatethei'ollowijigexample?_ ' , RrsuVUU.B,-111, March, JS60-DKAit SMR: In answer to a notice ofyourSocietyinThe Prti* and Tribune, Chicago, 111., I herewith Inclose you « v « dollars1 make uiny livingbymytrade,butwillalwaysdoiomethlnjwould be quite -dill'erent. 'Hosts'of personal friends stances. The people recognize in hi-n, to a certain de-ly incapable of conducting the legitimate business of thecorporation. Itiscertainlyoldenoughnowtogiveup thepatentareDr.C.D.BrownandMr. J.C.Bunce. the tit it has so long sucked, like an overgrownwould gather round iheir standard, and contribute time gree, the embodiment of the great idea, " Free sail lorwatchword—what name will fire the souls and rouse and money to their success. liee Jabor—preservation of the free Territories to fre^ calf, at the udder of the old .city cow. For manyThey are of the people. They have their sympa- labor." It is, therefore, not- uprising that Mr. Chase,-.•the energies of the young men of the nation .''jftw/faccn. Conn., March 12,1»90. J . if. S ^ • • •'• •BATES-WM. H.SEWARD.j. ToQu JZdiior of the X. Y. Tribune.SJK: In your semi-weekly issue of the6th inn Inoticeinent as candidates for nomination at the Chicago any other man. Sound on .all the distinctive principles as long as there is a ray of hope for his nomination. confiscated from the poor stockholders for the benefit volt-and mutiny on said vessel The officers of the Convention. of the Repnblican party, personally popular with all They will lose no opportunity to enforce his claims, of tbe American Institute. It was roasted.oat of that First Precinct Police complain with much reison thatclasses of men, brave as a lion, he would command our and uee all honorable means for tho recognition of the-2ST«w,tvisry personhashispreferences,andnoone entirestrength. Baine. Whatisiequirtdabove everythingeleeofthe Deet—probablybysomeonewhofeltindignantatthe theirpreeentStation-Houseisanunmitigatednuisance.thies, their good wishes, and can appeal to them for their support, because they know them.InMichigan,nine-tenthsoftheRepublicans arefor Seward, because they like him, first; and, secondly, because with him they eee success inscribed upon their banner.by such an overwhelming majority, has been recom- mended to the Chicago Convention as the Republican standard-beaier of the State oi Ohio.The voice of the people of Ohio, so clearly expressedyears, when tbe Institute was in its swaddling cloih.es, it wasallwell enough that thecity ehould takethe managers to dry nurse, as it did in the old Almshouee, where the Institute had ita rooms for a long time. I t also bad its exhibitions in Castle Garden, which be-MINOR CITY ITEMS.—The Rev. H . Grattan Guin- ness, who bus been preaching in this city every even- ing for the last three week8, will preach to-morrow afternoon and evening a t the Academy of Music. Seats free Mr. U. S. Commissioner Stilweli yesterdayin this action, announces a t the same time the positionBut, if it should be deemed advisable to go Sonth for which tin's State will assume by her delegates at the longed to the city. It afterward fillibusiered if.self into held for trial Henry Seagrist and two other seamen oft-4several contributions from various localities, touchingtberelativestrengthanameritsofcertainmenprom- acandidate,wethenwouldprefer"Cash"Clayto NationalConvention. TheywilltupporiMr.Chase the Crystal Palace, seized on by city authority, and the American brig Humming Bird, on a charge of re-—can be found so indiHereut as not to care who id nom- His name and reputation would be a terror to tbe nominee of the Chicago Convention ( Tout he should barefaced robbery perpetrated upon him. The same inated: and this preference seems to be conhued to enemy. Meesrs. Toombs, Iverson, Davis, &c, would be a man of a representative character—he, shonld management' then filibustered itself into the Cooper....Mr.E*Y.Robbihswillcommenceacourseoffcurlectures a t the Cooper Institute o n Monday evening,- JOB* and proper, and a natural consequence.Missouri h a s h e r candidate, Ohio has hers, so withSix months after he w as inaugurated, the whole country would settle down to quiet and peace; tbe legitimate business of the country would go on in itsand faithful, representative of Republican principles. We want no wornout politijian, or one who in tbe last hour embrace 3 Republican principles, aud condescendsstitute w a s then a little under a cloud, tC2Sew-YoTk, Pennsylvania, Massachusetts, Illinois, &c. accustomed path; good will toward all/sections of the to give pledges aud f.seni-ances for the sake of honor swallow that brown-stone building, Peter CooperL O C A T E D 1.—This is a question more easily asked thananswered. That it should have a permanent location near the window, to be always ready for use. Oneican Lloyds has been issued by E. & G. W. Blunt andpromotion:weshouldhaveatriedandprominent andall. Buttime,hasprovedthatitwastoolargea TheNew-YorkTypographicalUnion,No.6,willmeetfor your Societlety. l u s hon tne AfrirAuca'iKeasfast sspossible- PHEOBEB.SHEARER.-thenoureffort*willprovefutile;theremustthenbe views,butalsowhatIknowtobetheseutiment,toa insultedbyaDemocraticSenatorofIndianaintheHallwouldbebetterthananypointfartheroff.Let pleasantandprofitableevening.Themeetingwasgone to pure air in various places of about the swne Umparatoro, allofwhomhavekeptwe*ofcolds,thatbeforeappearedtobe killing them. It is probable that the lungs in .-healthy state cau throw off impurities which accumulate when they are diseased. Lik«awater-pipe,whichletsimpn.itiesfloatthroughuntilsome cet lodged, when soon the pipe is stopped \ «o do the lungs if they Setcloggedbydisease,andifimpuritiesfromtheairpreventth»the managers look to this fact, for fact it is. L s t them addret8edby J. N. Scearne, G.W. P*,James Mclvean, look for a piece of ground, largo enough, and not too Mr. Fieke, and others; singing by W. E . McDonough expensive;andsuch,wearesure,canbefound. And andMr.Oakey,afterwhichthocompanyBat downto wewouldlocateiteastofBroadway,andwest ofthe tupper.cerned immediately the pwnctuta mliena around which tirely out of the track of country merchants and country«fc-tfc« first place, be is not a Republican; h* has New-York. But we have not the'heart to see our everything turned, and whic^i is still considered the fwmers, whose routes are all the lower part of the Messrs. Crozier, Morrison, Benedict, and McGuire waterriKlK on the East Rive* *U andC92xUl " • * M » Weombmed m the man the principles of the party und great extent, of my brother Republicans here. W e United States Senate. The infamous insult on the awength eqmd to success; ior either bsiuglost sight of, go for BnwAttD BA TES of Missouri,- as President of German character irom that Democratic Sauatorcandidate m bis own State and among his xujre imme- ^»ate friends, and as lor ability and personal MHtit, jflrobably no person would object to him j but there are,Mr. Ctiae.e, then Senator, in a very able speech ia re- ply, done justice'to the Germaus. Who does not re- member his manly bearing "in the discussion of the Kansas-Nebraska bill. Wnen Douglas introduced hiaBowery, so as to be convenient to both linos of travel, and not too far from the people of Brooklyn.aud Jerseyair frtm pusiing to the blood.—_—-*•KKAI.ESTATE—Ihefollowingsaleswere1 Pore lot a< junction of Fuiuiou uud Everett->.t«., 23.0ana 26UxJ2fert • •• • ,' 'VENTILA TION OK SCHOOLS.—The Committee on the Republican candidate. our love aid admiration is the great statesman of is mask down. With acuteness of raieilect he dis- met in the hall of the Board yesterday, at4p.m.those great leader? who have carried the flajr through;ttbmk, otherseriousobjectionstoJai*nominationasthethickestoftbefiirht—andamongwhomthefirstinEilausiblf)schemeintotheSenate,itwasChasewhotOreCity,andnot,asitwouldbonearUnionaquaro,.en-WarmingandVentilationofthoBoardofEducationmadewonted manner, that the Territories would then enjoy sovereignty.should be made far up town, us some of tho man- agers propose to do. There ia a reason why the In-Mr. Shepard presented a new systoni of heating re- cently patented by him. H e patents heating air in aThe sround, buildings, machinery, erujUws, &0 , known as Hie Oil Mill, Aloohol Distillery, k c , on KurmiU-st., contuininu 5 lots.,...- "• "In order to test the sincerity of his opinions iu regarditwillwitfacntdouh<;compelthemoreradicalot'thejSodldafcemoresoh«dutth«irownr^tes,andwhich this*otherwise,atdnominateHBourcandidatethat ,BatbigserviensneGovernorofOhioworeasre- FisherwasanativeofIreland,butcamet^New-Yoi'k ventionofEspy. * 7 , »• fromelsteentoihirty-tiveyears,principallyofJrnh'M/:^Sm tendtothedefeztoiboth,tendaga'oseeuret>iix<3distiagmshedman,andweareforhim(Ispeakfor markableashisservicesintheSfehate;heexhibitedin. Mr.Briggs,presentedhisviewsonthesubjeotof nativity. TheyareofaclassknowntothenoBo»»» ey«7 Repubhcan in this State), heart una soul, until that position administrative abilities; which even sur- about thirty-live yearn ago, and entered into the m>r- warming and ventilation. In some oases ho thought itwm• •'-'••'• •••.<• •. i• . I• •• :••* wm.themahelpinghand.CONTINUATIONOFTHE CHESSMAT,CH.—Lasteven-•ThepoliceoftheFifthWard,underthecommandofSrARE THE WILLOWS.—A citizen remonstratesagainst a gross and -wanton piece of sacrilege now inprogressinWashingtonParadeGround. Thatsquare theywouldrequesttimetoconsiderwhethertheywould byhimwithafewpailsofwater. Thefirehadbeen;And White resigns.. '>—SONS O F TEMPERANCE,—-New-York Division S. of or thrown oli; and the next dsy these people are trying Inyafci t oke»chiefaroundtheneckbeforegoinjtosleep. Somodoctors Thro.as. ETCd<gWerl1yv, W . P.., int t t.bliAe C!hao5ir. Thii's« Diviusimoni nsed to send consumptive patient* to a warm climate, who*&owtheheart;athisresidence,No.76Secoudavenue.Mc. guardswerepresented,allvariationsoftheconiwvlin- donedwomenofthelowest,grade,varyinginageprittylhj«frkfodV,andisconaoquem-iywi.'hja^ucobe'- Webuirinets.Atthelimeofhisdeathhe'wasihe iwa^tefuftoheatbytheintroductionofheiWddaur;'MUntitled Document•<'*wn*as needed,economi.al than any^u>g> else; ; When much veutUa-tho shops 3cnterday forenoon. A t noon the.Cornnlt- ? Holtz, were in session at Social Keform Hall; (ShffiNstreet, where reports were received from upward of I thirty shops, the employers in which had agreed to r pay an advance offrom 10 to 15 percent. Some other* hadpromisedtopaytheadvance. Themenemployed! mshopswherethebotsesdeclinedgoingintoth« airangement at once struck, and are "determined to ' remain out until their object is secured. If their de- 'This morning a fire occurred in the dweiTing-house. "No.192EastThirty-thirdstreet,butbemgn"i«K,<r»vr~£, Sold|t315bxoan at an early moment, it w as soon extinguished. Loeiabout$20.vnuterdaybyA;J.Bleecker.-Son &.Co.Lar«P P&«1o f land on lVmau-«t., Brooklyn, withW• ~y'Mif -——sAfcM^flg»W-Thomas M. Tryniski 309 South 4th Street Fulton New York 13069.,.»..,-...^-**~^w*^££_.www.fultonhistory.com 