 prrxi M. w.09 HAMAU *Jfl» TTTVtOH ST3.to this country, took place yesterday from theg*~«iClUUJI TlVIM. ______H 1 U ) 1 aaXSKW, Broadway.-HJUOITto-day's paper. sequences flowing from its decision will affectThe cotton market was ana yeatorday, wits sales or our historic developement for ages to come, IfW t i m S OAmOBT. Broad way.-rnaT CUW*-I> a s about 1,500 bale* The market closed without change i a they do not establish aa early period to cur ex- On or PLACS—Lmnci Be r. prices. Tbe receipts at tbe ports state the 1st or Sep- istence as a nation.tiveoonfilct of races that the world has ever witnessed.we bed begun tc be afraid that New York k unnecessary to point cut the utter imprcbaJ would be without one of its standing attrac- bility of these expectations.tions, to wit—some kind cf a tow. We are The authority cf Victor Emanuel cace quite sure cf everything else. The weather is proclaimed in the capital, and* backed by icvely bejoad all precedent; Broadwr.y aad a few regiments of Bersaglieri, the Two the Central Park are gayer than ever before, Sicilies are as effectually lost to the' and the drawing rooms of the fashionable hotelsand wit, aad learning, and folly and frivolity of movement lie witb the iazz&roni, aad they will every section of the country, and a considera- be kept under effectual check by the precau- ble portion of the rest of mankind, are fully tions which Count Ceveur has adopted. As torepresented. Butinadditiontoallthis,there theroyaltrocps,their{dispositionhasbeenon the morning of Sunday, the 9th, caused by thegiving way of an iron bridge over the Rio Seco,covets will be placed within his reach. Nc thing It is net according to the fitness of artis- would gratify the partisans of despotism moreof any kind.THE JAPANESE DCXATION' TO THE PCLTCX.—We pubUah In another column the replies of the au- thorities of Washington, Baltimore and Phila- delphia to August Belmont., in acknowledgment of the amount donated to the police force of those cities out of the handsome sum presented by the Japanese Ambassadors fcr that purpose. Thir-between Guinea and San Nicolas, which precipitatedthe last cars down an embankment. The conduc- in the paramount idea of a cordial coalitionthan to see him rash blindly on the obstacles that are opposed to the completion of his Italian programme. His own good sense will prevent him committing such a folly; but should the In- toxication of success overpower it, the cool head that inaugurated all these movements wSl interpose to save Italy from the consequencestor and brakeman were thrown into the bed of the .for the defeat of this sectional disunion repub-This anti-slavery idea aims to establish a newsocial policy in this country—the policy of anequalization of the white and black races— whichhas never produced anything but bloodshed in the wind, but the oath remains. By all meanstic things; and so we heard, last week,the* mutterings of the distant thunder. On twooccasions the public was done cut cf its "Tra-viata;" on another "Norma" was put up withthe prima denna who had been announced inthe "Traviata" (Cortesi,, but was sung by Pa-rodi. On this latter occasion, the director firstinformed the public that Madame Cortesi con- of his toe ardent zeaLtinued tc be indisposed, and immediately after- As the Dictator was expected ia Naples on wards issued a bulletin to the effect that she had the 7th. the next arrival will probably bring us "again disappointed the public and the manage- the decrees establishing a provisional govern- ment" That means fight; and so Servadlo. im- ment until the will of the pecple can be ascer- pressario of the Cortesi troupe.cleared his decks tained. It is to be hoped that the change has for action and poured a broadside into Irving been quietly effected, and that the persecutions place, in the shape of a card, stating that his and sufferings in which it originated have company would perform at Niblo's Garden, marked their triumph by no violent excesses alternating with Mr. Forrest Hereupon Stra-river: yet strange to say their injuries were very •light. Fortunately there were no passengers in those cars.The Spanish war steamer Francisco de Asis had arrived at Havana from Traxillo, confirming, by the news she brings, the accounts already published in regard to Walker and his companions. By let- ters from correspondents we learn that Walker'sforce would soon have been doubled if the British had not interfered. He would have had at lea-t one hundred and fifty men under him by this time.lican purty.The masses of the people assembled at the Cooper Institute Union demonstration, Breck- inridge men, Docglas men, Bell men, eld line whigs and Americans, Tammany Hall and Mo- zart men, in their homogeneous character as aother parts of the world, and which can onlyresult in the subjugation or destruction of thenumerically weaker race. There is no possibi-lity of the black and the white existing harmo-6wear him.LUera sciptamanet.flicting engineers as Dickinson, Richmond, Cat- erer. Tucker, Green and Brooks must be sunkand all the gods of war! It cannot be.NEW YORK HERALD, WEDNESDAY, SEPTEMBER^^ljOO::^I?LE SHEET.among us. Such a war will involve the cessa-NEW YORK^ HERALD. Honey La!^ Valley, as these ladiaus Lad been a thrown. The city of New York leads the way.constant source of annoyance. The\ wagon road Let the Union rank and file throughout tha tion of the prosecution of many cf the indus-1 Tke Latent T own Topic—a **ww J««t 1«* Ttlantph of the Re> olatlom at SJapl«»_ «s\e Hick wf Tlama. ^ _ (.arlbaMdl'• Italian ~In view of the spirit manifested at the great The Eurcpa brings r j pes«v& Informatioaextern AXD racrainoR.turn to Marjavlllc in October.The funeral of Don Joan Bello, Chilean Ministerwill be decisive in favor of the Union. The ty and national greatness. It will bring civilpeople opposed to Lincoln axe rising. Let the and servile war tc cur now peaceful land. It politicians concerned move with them, or stand will consume all the elements that now contri-of the fact for which tbe last advices had prepared us—that the King of Naples had abandoned bis capital at the first news of Garibaldi s approach. Be embarked immediately on board a 8p*ab!i frigate and proceeded to Gaeta. where it is his intention to await the course of events. Aj this place is strongly fortified and within • short distance of the Papal frontiers, Its selec- tion for his present retreat shows that tike King is not without hope that a reaction may be pro- voked amongst the lower orders of Naples, orexpedition was perfectly successful, and would re- State follow her example, and their k ^ P " trial pursuits that now constitute our prosperi-Union meeting on Monday night and in con-sideration of the fact thftt this grand uprism^of the people had completely demolished thepoliticians; that all the bad language and badHqttor employed by the various fusion commit-tees had evaporated anffleft nothing but a badgmeil behind; that Richmond, with his un-bounded stomach; little Cagger, who acts andlooks like a reed bird la an advanced stage ofdelirium; Green, of green grocery and finetable salt (8yracu?o> fame; Tucker, aa exceed-ingly small pattern for an elector at large, andall the rest of the patriots, had been finally that the complications to water an invasion of submerged in the general resolve to vote for the Roman territories and cf Venice by GaryChurch of St. Francis Xavier, We«t Sixteeath out of the way, so that the will of the ma- bute to our intellectual and material develope- turf rwiitS <u «uatcrtprio» street. Tt was attended by a larse number of our jority may be heard. Let the conservativ* ment With such certainties before as, involvingmost infloeutial citizens, and the whole of the diplomatic corps of this city. The remain* will be forwarded to Chile for interment.The bids for the IS,000,000 Corporation loan were opened yesterday by the proper officers. A list of the names of the bidders, the am ouuts proposed for, and the>names of the sueceasfal bid-•SJ!» niTTT MMMAtD two •***» e«r ««•»• §7 Mf.Bo. »eiTHIS BTSNIXa.SCADEWY Of m i C Fourteenth -Itiin* Otn- ders, are given among our financial matter iu ever before been presented here, and the cot-our posterity for centuries in conflict and ruin.U becomes every man to take heart and do bisutmost to defeat the fanatical and revolution-ary black republicans, who, blinded by theirown zeal, following a fallacy that elsewherehas conduced only to destruction, and obsti-nately refusing to learn wisdom from the expe-rience and disasters cf other lands and nations.are bent on establishing here the most destruc any ticket by which Old Abe can be beaten, baidi must lead would operate in his favor. %tember last, have reached 45,0*0 baits, against *s\000 tnBOWTSY YHXATKI, Bowery.-Wo*!*-S-ti~-t OS ,1869,14,000 in 1B89,and 7,000to 13*7. TJwexpotUto tha Party divisions among us have hitherto been GBI:AT ACCESSION TO TBE Iterr/BUC^iCr.**-.— WALLACE'S YHXATRS. Broadway.-Tu aOTA-irt— same timebave embraced 12,000 bales, against 86,<K0 in based on questions of policy in government. The republican journals are making a greatrtiawriBS. ^^^^^ IS69,17,000a155s,and0,000to1857.Themarketforflourbutwithoutdepartingfromthegreat principle noiseabout theconversionof Dr. Orestes A. UAUBA IXTJTXS THXATBB, W Broadwar - T n was again heavy and lower, especially common grates of of the rightful preponderance of the while Brcwnacn. We congratulate them ca the ac-Honor Bov.STIW BOWSBY, Bvwery.-Bos HOT—Qotnx Ats.BiRKOII AMEBICA* MTJSSUM, Broadway.-Day ladStats acd Western, while extra qualities were uachtoged.T 9decline on tbe lower grades reached about 10c. a 15c race. Thus, in the first division of parties after cession. The republican cau3e is surely safeBourbons as if they had never reigned are the scenes of scirees wherein the beauty. there. The oaly chances cf a revolutionaryper be.. Southernflourwas steady aai tn good request,the establishment of the constitution, the liose uoWj and there can be no longer a doubt ofvoice oi New York have vent, and the country will be saved.OurDevelope meat—Shall tt be Supersededftvjr• Wa« of Races?HUtotUThe political issue that is now before thecountry is a far more momentous one than haschiefly for Lime use and for export. Whtat was heavy of the federal and republican organization Lincoln's election. The vote of this remarkable*—am *— Ha Bnma-LiTaa Ooaicw- aai lower,withsomeiessdoing. Corawas to fair acti- were drawn on the great question of a stronger convert will settle the whole matter, providedBournM,Ss*«a,n_«cia.*»-»«"•Wi*a**"•8« • * * - » » - j - — liWJOaiTlO* BAU,vity, but lower for Western mixed. Pork was dull and or weaker form of federal government, involviag it can enly be taken while he is ia the humor;Uwerformeis,withsalesofnewmessat$19a*W25,therightcfcontrollingpersonalliberty,the for,alas,hemaychangebeforetheelection.TRIPLE SHEET. ••wYork.Wcditesd*f.Sipttmb'r19,1S00The X««i.By the arrival of the Earopa off Cape Race wefcave Kuropeao advices to the 9th lost., tiro days later than the accounts published yesterday. The news is important, both politically and commer- cially.The reports of Garibaldi's march noon Naples and of the King's flight to Oaeta are fully con- firmed. Garibaldi was at Cava on the 6th, and was expected at Naples the next day. The city was perfectly tranquil.engagements at unchanged rates. 'The Great ltsne—Tlae Duty of New York— The People ftislaaj.AsthegreatdaycfourPresidentialcontest approaches, the spirit of the fight in support of our conservative elements is everywhere de- veloping itself among the masse* of the people, Sffil. aa it is manifest, looking to the East, theWest, the North and the South, that the forlornhope of the Union cause rests upon the im- tisan bitterness, but in them the doubt cf tikeopposed to all human liberty. In 1348 he opposed revolution and backed the despots. He uttered the strange doctrine that " there are no human rights." He was aa ardent admirer of Louis Napoleon as long as he seemed tc be playing the part of C^sar ; but the Emperor has lost terribly in MB estimation within the last four years, since he showed a disposition tc espouse human rights and tc place himself at the head of the popular movement, riding upon the whirlwind and controlling the storm. Inwillbesurroundedbysomanyprettywomen isequallyunlikely..FranceandEngland,ifnot that the selection of a partner will be a difficult exactly assenting ptrties to its objects, arematter, but one that he can solve without pledged to non-intervention with them them-troubling the Duke of Newcastle, which must selves, aad to the prevention of iaterfereace bybe a great relief to that worthy nobleman's the other Powers. It is only the prosecutionaudS14a$1450fornewprime.ThepublicsaleofRio isdemandedatcpic—somethiagfcrthenews- coffee drew a gcod and spirited company. Tua catalogue freedom of the press, and other questions cf a Orestes has been "everything by turns, andembraced about 6,717 bags, all of which were sold at similar character, which marked our legis- nothing long." He has boxed the compass inrates given in another place, establishing an advance on lation and political agitation* during the religion. He has been at every point of it tillsufficiently tested by the readiness withpapers to write and the town to talk about. which they have abandoned their ooiors when- Pclitics, as we have said, are done up. The ever they have teen confronted withMATIOHAt THEATRE, GhaUaai street,—BiC3iao the better grades of )<c. a Lic. per lb, Sugars werem -IDIOT Wrnrws. closing years of the last century. This the wind shifted- He was born a Protestant,Prince cf Wales approaches, but he is net yeta full-fledged sensation. He has managed to fore, built upon £ e fidelity of either tieOAJfTBBBCTlT HTSIC HAiL, W Broadway —SOTCt, steady, with sales of 1,000 hhds. and 700 boxes, at prices was succeeded by party divisions On and is tow a Catholic; but what he will beccme gvantoanothercolumn. Freightswerefirm,withfairthe volunteers. Any expectations, there-perial State of New York, we might almo3t despair, but for the mighty outpouring of the people to our late great metropolitan I'nion mats meetiog. This meeting, however, changes the complexion of the campaign from gloom toright of the white man to rule never entered.The only party division that exists to-day, aside from the bickerings of selfish and unscru- pulous leaders, who are each endeavoring, withwe are ia a state of profound peace. ragement to them, and consequently willnot lose her newly acquired rights U Naples.Must we then abandon all hope? No: for Her acquisition of the Twc Sicilies, caoe"ratifieiIn the Papal States the revolutionary element cheerfulness, from despondency to a living their petty cockle boats, to gather the fragmentshere comes a speck—a cloud no bigger than aman's band. Need we say that it rises overthe temple of Euterpe, and that the army ofIrving place is again upon a war footing':Scarcely; although things operatic lookedhopelessly pacific a week ago. Maretzek, thefighting impressario par excellence, assumes thebaton for the Strakosch troupe, and the lionlies down with the lamb. Ullman. fertileIn warlike resources, is reposing on his that he cannot advance another step withoutinvolving in ruin and death the crowds of gal- Freres, or polking with the angels of the lant Italian youths who will be tempted to fol-had assumed activity. An outbreak had hap- faith in the resources and the will among the pened at Peaaro, in which the populace attacked people of New York to turn the tide of themnd defeated the Papal troops. battle, like Bragg's battery at Buena Vista, and The weather in England continued favorable for to "save the day.'Tthat are floating upon the tide of party revolu-tion, involves a far deeper and older questionthan any that has previously been discussedamong i^ during our national .career. *• The ,is-. domestic politics he has been equally erratic—aby the vote of their population, will be a title good against all the world.the crops, and there was reason to anticipate aplentiful hsrvest. This satisfactory prospect as re Nor ia thia all; for not onlj have we seen in party Involves the whole question of our socialwhig, a democrat a Enow Nothing, and now a black republican, though Helper's handbook of revolution, endorsed by the leaders of the party, denounces the Catholic religion and all who profess it But whether Brownscn is still a Catholic may well be a matter of doubt, seeingIt remains to be seen whether the Liberator, who has exhibited inch splendid military quali- ties throughout the whole of this movement will risk bis reputation for judgment and accurate calculation by pushing the cam- paign further at present He must knowsue that is presented by the black republican gards the supply of cereals had paralyzed the this great Union gathering that among the op- and national existence. Black republicanism,breadstutth markets, and, as compared with the ponents of the republican party there are thequotations of the week previous, flour had de-clined two to three shillings per barrel, wheat forces and the resources essential to a glorioushinepence, and corn one shilling and sixpence. triumph, but this meeting has also indicated theThe liberals were concentrating their forces upon by any log-rolling experiments to har- Che capital, where Miramon awaited their approach. monize the personal feufl5,r Intrigues, aspira-founded on and animated by the anti slaveryidea, and pursuing an exaggerated notion ofindividual rights, involves not only an attemptto equalize dissimilar and discordant races in tbat his changes are so numerous and sc great. their social and political immunities, but also He may have been a Catholic yesterday, butlaurels at Paris, dining, probably, at the TrolsMabille. The amiable Strakosch announces low his fortunes. The odds are just now tooThe cotton market was Arm, and provisions quiet.We hare advices from Vera Cruz to the 2d iust. may be done. It never can be doneThe attack was expected to commence on the 8th inat., and a bloody battle, on the Mexican plan, tnay be anticipated.tions, demands and cjoas pi-xpoees which thus far have coatrolleji'the several parties, factions and clique*- coq^ernetL Thifl is the never end* ingTJEcf sSlfbeginning work of Sysiphua, thisthe most destructive theories in regard to theorganization of society. Socialism in its worstform, including the most advanced theories cfmay cot be to-day. In tike manner he may change his politics before the end of the week. The only way tc make sure cf his vote, which is tc be the casting cuethat all the companies have been consolidated; that the dove has gone forth, and is momenta- rily expected to return with the olive branch in his mouth.What a disgusting state cf things! Is thetruth cf history to be upset ia this way? . Is itmany against him fcr him tc hope to win for the people of Rome and Venice the liberties that he has conquered for their compatriots. Although daring and reckless of life where he sees an important object to be gained, Garibaldi is not a man to run a muck against improbabi- lities, the more especially when he knows thatThesteamshipEmpjreCity,Captain Eaxter^art]}^^J^^S3^ff?wi)r^ra AXXS. Havana yester labor of compounding between Douglas, Breck-women's rights, the division of land, free loveand the exaltation of the desires of the indi- in the -irrepressible conflict," is tc take himday. There is no local news of any importancefrom Havana. A railroad accident had occurred concessions and equivalents among such con-vidual over the rights of the family, and the forced equality of all men In phalansteries, or similar organizations, are a part of the logical chain of ideas that flow from the anti-slavery theory which forms the soul of black republi- canism.before a commissioner of deeds and get his affidavit that he votes for Lincoln, for he may turn round tc the ether e^de long before the first Tuesday after the first Monday ia Novem- ber. It Is important Not a day cught to be ioBt, fo: the fate cf the election and the destiny of the country hang upon his kissing the book, and upon the dash cf his pen at the foot of the affidavit A verbal adhesion is unreliable aapossible that there can be an Opera sea-son without a row? Forbid it, Mare, by waiting a short time the chances that hesimple plan of operations by which the workinridge and Bell-Everett leaders. All ideas ofthe question of a second war with England next, who can tell! He has been a Presbyte- in defence of our rights on the ocean, and the rian, a Methodist, an Episcopalian, an infidel, if patriotic sacrifices the war party then led the not an atheist, and, lastly, a Romanist; and he country to make in the face of the bitter oppo- has run all these religions, as he does sitionof"theMassachusettsschool''werethe everythingelse,intotheground.Hispo- foundations cf cur present commercial glory. litics have been as various as hia re- After this came the great division under Jack- ligions, shifting like quicksands. At one son, on the questions cf bank, tariff and inter- time he was an advocate of despotism, and nal improvements by the general government.worry through Canada, not without troubles, the like of which, thank Heaven, cannot assaU him here. Tobesure,therewillbeadifficultyamong the. ladies as to whom he shall dance with. Hejrabble or the garrison, are certain to be disap- pointed. As to the further proceedings of Gi- ribaidi compromising the success of the revolu- tion, so far as the Twc Sicilies are concerned, itAll of these questions were discussed with par-cf his designs against Rome and Venice that can make them act hcstilely to Gari- baldi, and for these Sardinia will netUnion party, in opposition to the republican niously together In social and political equ ality. H.; Jenkins, tike Mrs. Micawber, will neverdisunion party, furnished the example and the Even the blacks and mulattoes cannot do It desert him; the hatters, tailors and bootmakersplatform for a similar combination throughout We have pregnant examples of this truth in the will use him as an advertisement; and, worsethe State, to wit: a .common electoral ticketamong all the conservative elements of theState, in order, by saving the State, to save thecountry from the Inauguration of the '"irre- lished in Africa; in the events now passing pressible conflict'' at Washington.We are in receipt of files of Caracas, Venezuela,papers to the 14th ult. There is no great variationin the news. The war continues with the samebarbarity and the same fruitless efforts as ever.BotOlo, it appears, is not dead, as was reported,but quite alive and very troublesome to Barcelona.Herida was still in the hands of the facctisos, sonal grievances, Mr. John A. Green and his States bordering on those holding slaves. It is though troops had been despatched from Maracaibo %mall calculations, and all such partiean claptrap then the question of a revolution in cur social and other points to assist General Audrade in Li.-.efforts to retake the place. Falcon was still in Curacao, and Coro was watching him. There is the usual complaint of stagnation in business, and public works are almost entirely suspended. The government was endeavoring to effect a home loanas Congressional intervention, squatter sove- reignty, regularity, and all men and all abstrac- tions standing in the way, must be made secon- dary to the one grand, all-important and uni- versal idea—the defeat of Lincoln. In this view, New York city will do her duty. Weorganization that the black republicans presentto th; people—a revolution that brings with ita perpetual war of races, which must endure, Baron Renfrew Las come cut tc the West," andwhen once inaugurated, until the blacks now on that "of all British lordlings he's reckoned thethia continent have been swept frcm the face cf best;" that "he's cf pure royal blood and the tains no such proviso as that mentioned by teen thousand dollars, we believe, was the pro*of a million of dollars, and a foreign one of a millionand a half of pounds sterling. The terms of these dare say that from the northern end oi Manhat- lost3 are not made known. tan Island the Union electoral ticket will startthe earth. With the abolition of slavery in the Queen's eldest son, so must needs rank with;Northern States, the negroes that once existed gentlemen A No. l.' Again, we are tcid that,From Jamaica we learn that the recent elections up the Hudson with a majority of fifty thousand, are likely to be subject, in *ome cases, to review and it will only need a corresponding co-opera- in the Assembly, by scrutiny committees. In the tion among our conservative men throughout parish of St. George, for instance. Mr. Lawtoa. the the State to carry this majority safely through editor of the Jamaica Tribune, took a preliminaryobjection to the electoral list, which had not beenmade up according to law. The objection is saidto be fatal, and St. George is, therefore, disfran-chised for a year. Mr. Liwton. who was unsuc-cessful in being reelected, will not obtaina seat, in spite of his protest; bntthere will occur no less an inconvenienceamong us in family servitude have been almost exterminated. The paucity cf their numbers prevented their presenting any resistance tc this social extermination, and the same reascn ap- plies to the fact that the loss of their labor was not felt to any great degree by the material in- terests of the community.But this does not and cannot apply to the"being now in his prime, the B. R. makes no such pretensions at looking sublime,', which may be very fine; it is certainly somewhat ob- scure. A firemen's parade is to "swell his young bosom with glee," which he "enjoys with as hearty a gusto as one of the b'hoys;" and more to the same purpose. We are afraid that all these poems are too clever for us, and therethe Academy manager. Now the crinoline be- gins to expand; Minerva joins Mars. Madame Cortesi takes a hand in the free fight, and re plies to an attack upon her made by an even- ing paper. She declares that she sent word on the day before the performance that she would not be able to sing in "Norma," and that Strakosch, not she, disappointed the public.than the unseating of the Hon. William Ho*ack, the Minister of Finance, unless some compliant supporter of the government resign in his favor, •nd the constituency endorse Mr. Hosack, of which there would be but little doubt. It was announced, however, that Governor Darling would cut the Gordian knot, by elevating Mr. Hosack to the Legislative Council, and bestowing that gentle- man's vacant portfolio on the Hon. George Solo- mon, the new member for St. Thomas in the Ea.-t, and the almost equally new chief magistrate ofPortland.Additional particulars of the effects of the terrific gale mat swept the coasts of Mississippi and Alabama on Saturday last are given among our telegraphic despatches. At the mouth of the Mississippi the brig West Indian was wrecked andten of her crew drowned. Several lighthouses were prostrated by the violence of the wind. At Mobile the gale was very severe. The ship B. H. Dixey, Capt. Wxey, which tailed from this port on the 15th ntt., was driven ashore in the lower bay and became a total loss, and her captain and several of the crew perished. Five steamboats were sunk daring the storm. The gale was un- doubtedly one of unusual force, and it is not un- likely that it swept the Mexican Gulf from, Yucatan to Florida. We may therefore expeet shortly to learn of terrible disasters to the shipping in thoseIt is stated that the government have decided to •ward the contract for constructing the Pacific telegraph to Harmon * dark, of Detroit, they being the lowest hidden. The sum hid for the contract is twenty-five thousand dollars.We publish under the appropriate head a letter from oar special correspondent at Honey Lake Valley. Northern California, of the Kth ult., givingthe particulars of the whereabouts and progress ofColonel Lander's wagon road expedition. Thewhich contributes to their own moral and mate- bo sent to General Morris, the Horace, or Bry- rial welfare, and to that of the whole commu- ant, the Homer, of American poets. They print nity in which they exist. The triumph of the green poetry enough in a month to set up half a anti-slavery sentiment, through the election dozen country newspapers for a couple of years.that after the rival managers have fought their the disposal made of the money by the Com-fight out, when they have cut each other Into missioners was a misappropriatlc a.small bits, broken up the business, thrownaway the few dollars they might have made The money was designed for the police out of the strangers and sojourners in the me- themselves, and not for their posterity; and wsjnsurmtkms.W« . a , ^Ijpredict, too, thatDetroit, Lansing and Madison.torchlight procession in this city on the 3d of to tbe people of the United stttei is October, when they will probably torn out some the question of our social developement thirty thousand strong from all quarters of the for generations yet to come, and involv- State. We presume U will be a very imposing ing our very existence as a nation, If affair; it ought to be a very luminous one, cer-with steady stop, shoulder to shoulder, and abold, unflinching front The attemptsat fusionhave only made greater division and renderedbad company. His record is anything bat en- viable. When Gecr g« Law's famous Gridiron Railroad bin, afV,r passing the Senate wita^ ^ L n o *" to btto«to«•• so** to ft settlement—peace or war.Among all conservative Northern men there- fore, all old party ftnimortties-all ^ jTM*for the gain of a few," and never hanihis defini-tion been better illustrated than in the presentby the House Committee on Cities and Vlllfte*. a motion waa made to agree with tbe report. The friends, t f the measure, in order to preventlatter officer, with his command, had a fight withthe Pah-Ute Indians, which resulted in the chief local cliques and rival poUtioiailt>«t, or , we once begin the wax of races, which tainly, for we understand that two hundred bar-campaign. The conservatives had the gamein their hands, and their leaders have been ab- I the mone>r from being strangled so r.*ldeaiy,solutely doing their utmost to throw It away and to> get time to negotiate votes, moved to 93vention.•eeking an interview with Colonel Lander, and the should be, but the dust in the b*ianet,w*lirb*i 1 wul I M T ^ 1 * f c U o w fr°» U»« triumph rels of oil have been purchased for the occa- negotiation of a treaty of peace. This fact caused i in the scales with this overwholaing dutV of ' of the abolition idea and its control of our sion, and we may expect that the metropoliswill smell tike a burat oil factory for a weekUntitled Documentpatriotism, the defeat of Lincoln. Upon th. government, it cannot cease until theever slncethe meeting of the Charleston Con lay 'die subject on the table for tbe'F* ' ': , Ve.flnd Mr- Darcy s name recorded in the list*blocdy history of Hayti and the Dominican re- than all, the poets have commenced to pipepublic; in the scenes that have been witnessed wherever European cclonizationttas been estab-their little lays in hia honor. We have re- ceived several of tue effusions of these new votaries of the tuneful Nine, and find them even worse than the campaign lyrics which we havein every Spanish-American republic within theTo do this, Dean Richmond and his clique of tropics, and even among ourselves, in the popu- printed as literary and political curiosities.kosch returns the fire, saying that he really don't want the Cortesi party at all, but that Servadio promised that he would not perform anywhere after his engagement at the Academy, ex- cept in the bland cf Cuba. Servadio ral- lies, states that It would be absurd for him tc go to Cuba aad get the yellow fever to oblige Strakosch, aad that his contract con-selfish intriguers, Mr. Dickinson and his per-lar feeling in the southern counties of the freeOne disciple of Apollo informs us that his Verses have a slight tinge of satire in them; but we have failed to perceive anything of the sort Tho "poem" iB a parody upon "Young Lochinvar," and starts off with the statement that "Youngto Dunkirk.The professions of the republican party aresmooth and silky. They tell us thatj they will preserve the Union, that they will respect the rights of the States, that they will maintain the constitution, and all that; but they also admonish us that there shall be no more slave territory—no more slave States; that slavery is sectional, while freedom is national; that the two systems of free labor and slave labor cannot co-exist under the same government, but that the one or the other must be exterminated from the length and breadth of the land, because there is an "irrepressible conflict'' raging between the two systems which it is beyond the power of man to arrest. They tell us, too, that the federal constitution is an anti-slavery charter; that it contemplates the extinction of slavery, and that the Supreme Court, prostituted to the interests of the slave power, must be remodelled on the side of free- dom. They admonish us of all these things, and is there no danger In them ?We cannot -hut oar eyes to the fact that this republican programme means the beginning of a war by the federal government against the Southern institution of slavery with the in- auguration of Mr. Lincoln, which must speedily be followed by the secession of some of the Southern States, or the subjugation of the South to the decrees of an active anti-slavery admi- nistration. We know that the people oftb* South will not tamely submit; we axe sure they will resist the federal authority *od the federal forces, when directed1 0 T?***11 ^ • k """"** »ouritiei • » * « * • guards against abolition emissaries and servileSouthern States, where four millions of blacks fore must decline publishing them in our "valu-And the upshot is that there will be twoOpera companies for the present: that the quid suring them quietness and cemfort during theirTHE POET? AM) THE PEINCE OF WAT.ES.— The hotel keepers are all on the track of H. B.portion allotted to the potice of New York, and that sum, we understand, has been misappropri- ated by our Police Commissioners, by deposit- ing it in some fund or other for the benefit cf the widows and orphans of policemen, instead of dividing it among the men. It was clearly the intention of the Japanese Princes to reward the individual policemen who kept order during the procession, at tbe ball, and around their apartments at the Metropolitan Hotel—thus in-are now held in a position cf social subjection, able journal." We suggest, however, that they nuncs will have something to talk about, and stay in the city—and therefore we conceive thatof Lincoln to the Presidency, will initiate a so-cial revolution among us which will require THE HISTORY OP THE WIDE AWAKES.—We tropolis—in fact, when they are utterly ruined— will venture to say that most of them wouldbut they deceive themselves. Their party or- ganization is based on an idea fomented by theabolition societies of the North for the past that these half a million of men are regularly twenty-five years, and it cannot escape from the trained by military officers, march with remark-rule of that idea. This is clearly seen in the able precision, and that each man carries his public declarations of Lincoln, the teach- lantern like a musket on his shoulder, someings of Spooner, the Incendiary instigations Southerners are of opinion that they are de-of Helper, the approval that followed the signed to act as a kind of life guard to Abra- bloody acts of John Brown, the outpourings ot ham Lincoln at his inauguration at Washing-Sumner and Wilson, the diatribes of Grealey, ton—should it ever take place—and help tc and the recent speeches of Seward at Boston, keep everything straight there, in case of acci-FCSJON DomcEKTs.—The fusion documents wing of the democracy in the Fourth Assembly;which have been put forward for the last fort- district of Kings county have- renossinated night are perfectly ridiculous. None of them James Darcy for member of Assembly, and itThe real question, therefore, now presented"confusion worse confounded." Parky hatbeen well defined as " the madness cf many lightning speed, was reported adversely npoapublish to-day a full and concise history of the new black republican organisation of "Wide Awakes"—a body of voters numbering through cut the Northern States nearly half a millionthey will probably come together again, em- brace and have a grand reconciliation dinner and pacific soiree—on credit.prefer to receive their ten dollars, or whatever the proportion per capita may be, just now, when the winter is approaching; and it may be an object to men with moderate salaries, some of whom may be discharged from the force at any time. The probability is, that with the present disposition of the money, it will be ap- propriated to some political purpose, possibly to reward some favorites of the Commissioner!,generations, and perhaps centuries, for its con-summation, if we exist through it so long. Sucha war of races will absorb all the powers of oursociety, diverting them from the prosecution ofdomestic industry and foreign trade. Above strong. They are a regularly disciplined, drilledall, it will produce division and conflict among and uniformed force, and are to the republicanourselves, as It has divided the whites every- party just what the Know Nothing clubs werewhere that it has prevailed, while the blacks, to the American party. The account we give a lively state of excitement, and while we havewithout other policy or impulses, will be united ia another column was, of course, obtained from them with us we meed not fear that we shall or to compensate tor services rendered to the re- by the bond of color. There Is no escape from republican sources and the Wide Awakes them- sigh in vain for our periodical row. We havethese logical conclusion*. We are subjeot to selves. It will be seen from that description and the same laws that rule mankind everywhere. the statements of the party generally that the du- There are thousands of conservatives among the ty of these clubs is to bring up voters at the elec- black republicans who believe that they can tion and to keep order—that is to say, order for restrain their party from these extreme results;only to say presto! and lo there is a fight at once. A charming state of things, It is true, and one for which we all ought to be truly thank- fuL Let us hope that the day is far distant when harmony will be the rule and not the ex- ception among the sons and daughters of song.publican party in the coming election. In dis- posing of donations the intention of tho donors should be faithfully carried out and wa hardly think it is with regard to the share of tbe Japa- nese gift to the New York police.ASSEMBL Y NOMTKA TTOKS.—The E t o c k i s r i d g ethe republican party—at the polls; but It ia the opinion of many Southerners that they are in- tended to be used for another purpose. Seeingdents. The Wide Awakes are to have a grandmind. However, this is not an immediate sen-sation. It is not, ia fact, a row such as wemust have, and we lock ia vain fcr thedesirable article. We are in despair, because be held responsible. If she gives no encou-On the whole,.we can hardly say whether the politicians or the Opera folks are the more ab- surd in their small quarrels and infantile broils. Both, however, help to keep the public mind inhits the point at Issue. Each one is inspiredby the Idea of aggrandizing a section of a party ceiving the nomination oi the -other wing but or glorifying an individual as its standard also of securing his re-elect%n.bearer, and decrying the rival section and its Mr. Darcy may be a very innocent mas; batleaders, while all this time the common enemy according to tho printed "journal of the last in- is overlooked, though making his advances famous Legislature, be v a s frequently found isis stated that he is confident, 3ot only cf re- Thomas M. Tryniski 309 South 4th Street Fulton New YorkBut the recent fusion decoaents o/ap13069blackwww.fultonhistory.comt «•«*£*' ,m t\»l mnfinnTT«» however, doll** 