 ^'would evacuate the place before tlieir arrival,parties as will overcome theimconstltutional,an of topics for his speeches. Wereit.-putmeant to wipe from the statutes of ^c^v-aPowers at Gaeta. FRANCE -VND ITALIAN ANNEXATION.thoso who la IOL. X.—NO. 2e40.PRICE TWO CENTS.IHPMITMIT iriLUR HEWS.The first aotir of war came from tbeThe Conventiim was entertained to-day by Auau ofBonaLAS. Be warred against the .\dministration,I'iDmLiT Fisui introduced a resolutimithe it on the tablefA Voice-"The 'What is it r "and Mr. laogUeft]The 1|—Inn Puft Paris correspondent telegraphs •ataaptotestilBadlploniatie sense, has been made fey Kosiia, Rnneia and Austria against the entry of *a Sardinian troops into NeiqwUtan territory.The niii» says Ihat the French Goremment is IMisiliiiliiii the Chamheis of Commerce throughout Fnae* as to the adrlsableness of anticipating the 4Mes o'fte treaty for the admissien of the reduced4Mles a* various elasaes of British —mifafturee.francs^aaaM are for aaintainiag the delay• prdoBgatiaa of the transition isinjurioas, and that British machinery and tools ought to be aauitted at ttaradMedratasArthMQi, and OB all other articles— successofthe all regarded as a calamity theAys allawed to aadt oOee liad, however, netez-The stock in port Is estimated at 79,000 bales, of which 010,51)0 are American.LiyiBFOOLBB1U>3TCFF8MASKIT.Flour has a declining teiidency. Wheat tendsdownward and prices are 2d.43d. lower since Tues-day.l Com quiet but steady.UTKmrOOL FBOTISIOn UABKET.Kentucky Republicans take the stand of Gov. Sbw-What we are attacking is not Sla- very in the Unfted States, but-Slavery in the Territo- ries. IfthisIsIrrepressibleincendiarism,Red-Repub- make tbe most of it ! never has gone farther than never can. His influence over tlie GreatWesthasthisbearingandthisextent. Hispol- but;On the pcendan bcteg tendered, the oOces, «if|tt«aatiiftlwoftheUrerpoolandLondon,|ind.IMtlsb roads (khilitted Increased Iwavtness tto drain of gold for France, but the fall in^Mis were dlaoeaated below 4 V cent. The pressure, WB,hoi^TVimaidedasmerelytemporary.'fHK BSVOLOTION IN ITALY.Mr. SxwABS, this, never vvli],Pe^bsdy.new and commodious "Liberty HaU," in Thirty-Ward. The broke meeting'Ipractically,wIQiofFROM EUROPE. the Piedmtmteseat Turin. By the entranoe of H. J. JswETT - On motion, the VrcsiJcat ap- must be pretecUoit, assimilated and adeqimte to the deliberate opinions. The speaker here went into a the UniflCwonld be dissolved. If President Bucbax- IIKE DAY lATBBTke Caiuidiui at FadMr Point Sardlniaa troops into the States of the Church was principally directed agaii^ the influence of Gaaiau.-Imit a time-table to the Convention. Tliu Convention Bred Scott deci.-ion was made in aeconlancc with which' and the relations of master andIitteo(:edto-night to denoimee It on tbe floor of thenow, on the contrary, it has become evident that FRENCH PMUECTOF ITALIAN ANNEXATION they go to aid him. M. BoxirACi deplores the con-whatweretheyT [TraBors !" and uv>a<ue,1 Thdr plots and threats were only designed to frigmea thoae-«*•*! KacreaM or ifcc French oa exterminating her, have jirepared aaA mnbiMy bnmglit to maturity their jdaas for an insurraetieaaiy.moTament In her Piat liiees.In Austria an extraordinary credit had been grantedMOREMASSACRESINSTRIA.TBBakBclTiB«-Dwr ! Feuayl PuuanniA, Friday, Oct 36.The Governor basanrainted Nov. 29 for Thanks-giving.wqubjMlj|nan«taakjMtoJNlM*i>*Ma,.aBil~^to abide by the decis-MoxaMAflfyiicwwiINSTRIA. totheNavalDepartmentfortheconstructionofnaval batteries to defend the entrance to the ports.^^ POI.ITICSINKENTOCKT.—u - -States,aAin^ve ^ir«(Mv*«offCapeRace.devottoBtothallnloa aad tke eommonrUBtsofULHeisreadytodiete**tkemoreperfectunion,*for tlnlladStatestotheir HequotedSen- bowamanwholoved his coaldT*maPamrl^Mar,Oct2*. CatM^tM, from Ureipool llth,City Carresyaadeataf Ike I^aalsrUIe JsBr> aal.andtbkBi>n>rsdthemselves the disorganixers. Dovousis nawtraveUng South stillwhich be has ever warkad! BewoaUbrUntheOfalo RiverwiththeconwiiaiseaBBdehadttssaftksCe» sthutlon. Be wraU kate^all bury Ous anisagaitles ofIMh dM not exceed a. The demandte Bone^ was active and the market tighter, and few clianged.evening previously spokenthesecond-streetCaaaala anThe Provision marketis dull and un- generallyicy is comprehensive and magnificent, indeedhasthe head-quarters of the Repub- Faslaa ta{he Eichlh CaacreaslaBalIta «B his patriotlmh, but a^lcing lilm to giveofit by leaving the•<• withpat iatandiag tt, he caused disunion, tliatincrease and domination of Slave-power in the Na- tional Government. That is all. So far, the Repub- licans of Kentucky are with him all of them areCentral Conunlttee, Wko nominatedl^esidcait of the nation.In the course of a speech full of spice, and firequent-Isaac C. Delaplalne lIlDaidel Devlin. i Anson G.Herrick...;... sUotani. Bradley t The vote necessary to give Mr. BsLarLum a >-afnoftelling bimtliatBreckinridgefor Chairman Pbizip W. Exsi. Mr. Esos, on[theaf.Italy.fha DUy .VeuV eorrespondent of Nar^es, an Ital-ia*, kai been killed, his anxiety for the result of thebattle of Toltomo led lilm too far in advance, and hewas, unfvtunately, shot.A private letter from Turin aimounces that a largeI aimIt is reported that the French anfiy at Rgaie Is to be: ssy,other day, that 1 have made up my mind, fur one, that, under no circumstances, will I consent to the further CT.tciision of the area of Slaverj- in the Uiuted States, or to the further increase of Slave representation inthe House of Kepresentatives."I may here remark that the editorial tone of theof the evening, Mr. Jauxs T. Bbadt.Mr. Bxast was received w<th hearty and prolongedcheers.He commenced by assuring hfs bearers that thefact th;it the Hall was not crowded to its uttermostthere would be no such fliictuations from any such cause.Hon. HzsBT WiisoN, entering w hile Mr.Tiiio.i was speaking, was received with three cheers and a "Wide-Awake;"Judge PzABODT said the all-absorbing and overv. helm- ing question at issue in the present contest was,whether the Government shotild be administeredlit has been ordered by the Piedmontese 4i«vetBmant, and tlie day before the Sardinian Ulnis- lar's departure from here & supply of S0,000 muskets and ll,(Mt,OM percuseion caps was granted by tlie French Oovemment to its ally.to be reliable^Ountry,aagainst the institution's extension by Federal or State tlie Chair, said that they had bean called together by comprehensive vlewV^he principles of the Reputill- jority was given byMr. 8. L. M. Babio*.frontier.The Piedmontese troops were expected liefore Ca-identity."the rear r^r, when he felt a severe jarring, after whichpelltaavery leniently tlus Continent, supported the Republican prin- the triun" ran about a tliird of a It is t:ioaghtoa tlie ISth. It was anticipated that tl>e Nea-about such a union of the Breckinridge, Bell and for;w^ciples,toAnd in doing so,Governmentintend to violate the Consti-the culvert, and that the other oars, »icept the rearthev rail across actual measurement, 'was fooTfaafitfttaimand retire to Gaeta.sion, as he would have to meet the issue nolens voUPress for Its commlntson himself furnished him withtake the confrol of the[Applause.]Noaaacuui was about to convoke the electoral eol- of tke Two Sicilies, to vote by universal suf-vrillVecchia for himseK and three oflicers.The Sardinian Chambers wereSMnexaliOB, and the vote w the nth.It was reported that Russia was atx>ut to recall her Ambassador from Turin.Advieae from Rome confirm the statement that the French would occupy Viterlx).The Poatifical gendarmes precede the French by twelve hours. The inhabitants are prepared to re- poise thaa, but to yield to the French.Marquis DipMU bad proceeded to Viterbo to re- anare the tnhabitaDts that Tieroa EHAKtiiL was at Varcerata.peaceonce on the subject. Will Secretary Cobb be present has no personal ambition, no desire for place. For solicitude in his behalf. 4Ie here quoted a statement irtended to do justice to all sections of our com- that evensupport oL.thewhere tne rail touched theinsnOcien^aadThe Fledmontese corfM farmit in amaant to 20,000.and wentsaythey ttioughtN^es AflUrs in the P^ial States are unchanged.the manthat trod the poorestlegslower and side,It was that Lahobiciux had reportedhimself in as aof the genera!sleepersto Marseilles to secure passage In the steamer for Civltahim toCongressof theCatholicdown and is overwhelmed by the breakers.grade a white laborer by blows. meant to cliange the sentiment bornJliey;but often atySlave Slates alone, and explicitly limit the contest andconflict to the questioB of Slavery in tbe new States?DoeshenotConinehis opposltfontotheImportationof more slaves from^ Africa, and to the transference strong man we hav.& He Is the man to unite theThe Pail»trestwortby accounts from the Island of Sardiniaspeak of the commencement of mano^uTres secret dience here to-day.Hances it being necessary'^tfh"eJ •J"''' J^",; Uttle cra-correspondent of the Time* says private bySenator Docolas addressed an immehse au- the 4,000,000 slaves In Uie South. They are worth, llaii they stntliinlthtahte political barhoimsethearndclosnelhvis?ng men were degradedTline 'lids agi' O) *" "^Wuuoii ""t-'oillid'ering the darknehsesa,rdtbwear^swtahescvreyry the wo- of American Slavery. •^('""'"^'fj '^'ote fr^o fiislon. The first thing ofthere in favor ofame awiaar aad by the same means as were em- ployed by Flench emissaries in Savoy and Nice.Tha Tiau* in a leader says free Europe is tired of,f^i^ 'crept into•some* oi the passengers .say that the brakes were not applied as thev should have been, and that tbehave been brought to a stand touch nuickor. The engineer says he dared not reverse the ongliip ft r fear of throwing off the entire train,ageaeyannexation to France, in theand latter then an- Presidency, it is the Breckinridge Party that standsown shallow. Any man whootherof Napouohthe aoeetlBg of Warsaw means anything, It is ratherSquatter Sovereignty." maintain it there, when s;iyto tlie breeze all time, but lac'-s throughu!!s?,t'o„benolit of their tradi.^nitoJ ?H^te^,. intended tobaying libertypound by pound, and if(lout proudlywould not permit such a hope. Heiiid not mean totired of seeing him sell it.Natolio.v 111. is niistet ofandth.' Unionhopi;,si V)laiise.]a Homestead Law, aridtrai 1ndghttke destinies of lta]f,and we cannot prevent turnThoytelegraphedpictcdputpartlatliers. Theand Party thethe law of ai: expected to be taken onshow the correctness of newspapers,pla-i:ikes from Hoboken car turned anil her head at titnes grtized thedebatingpointthe enlranoo of Wide-Aw over,but she was Maine, had his legbar nnlty, or from ceding her to Schaoner anyFaaaiacBosTos, Friday,Territory,1andBut little helpfrvBCradiiagHety AUaaee, if he ataonld see fit, Imt ifdissolution. think they canUcputiiicans the Abolition 6, niimcnt olfew boases near, as stwn as they codld get to a stauon the con-Bast be done gratis.SARDINU AND NAPLES.The CmttUutiamtl contains as article signed byne.-.r Prince Edward's Island, and all hands, it in where outside the States' jurisdiction, on the hish for tlie ligiiis of the white man, can theynumber, lost.Murder and .\rKon at NoTa Sestla. BosTOsi, Friday, Oct. 26.At Pictou. N. p Pzii»3u5 and his «if,; wereul! rountrv 'o* to provide tor the liqufciation care of It is thought no serious injury vrill result to anythe public debt and takeNow this made up, party farui-it does not belong to any for- eign State,—BO more to Sardinia ttian Austria, to in-Between the invasions house of Cabiialbi and of Sardinia there is a great differ-ence. Gaioalsi came to raise and direct revolcttooTho babe was completely bnried In a heap of rubbish,and was only found after prying up the car. All Uie others walked ofl^ by themselves—M.Bemricx. He«yBal and moral masses—was about r"'."tsrvene in and Na^esSicfly.The agitator, secessionist andDoiwlas is the realyears?AboUtiOnists were waitias,that New-York seemedla theinterior. With his bands he would onlycommu-againstJ. C, Adams, of grizzly bearand a sUtesman. He tookcomes tbe princi;.lc that gives rise toup Bonification lv» s. John Broivn raids • What Is the 5,iro ought to know better.-hewould notydnl The length of the break in the rayt'^weas not two feet ft is the opinion "'aleate to them a in their proper spiritthis morninthe standard of Ciat when death palsiedthat pirclaims a " law'' than the Con- know better, lor they belapged totad we have that If the" support "ad beenBiffi- cwTetseSan unpoptUar 6anreniment. Sardinian iirrasion con-stitnles a direct iuterventioB of one regularly consti-Clatfor high inteUigenSS tI-a"ghte'J an accession ^l^ a a JaycientnoMddsotwouldhavehappened. Withnouaugtutedstate in the affairsState.The delegatesa constitutionaldid no! and he was tasenmatter of surprise^{f:°e ^'«'^^„^'^of another indepaqdetttNo. never. #theClty.-hestruggleNeparsetg.Theya fusfon ticket-a satinet tlcket-flaughterl-. of four feet Md awe read tlie Tlipbl can- mweaUnet tint are suuoort aNaplesstillbeing troopspre;lile^^ his oath he wouldInto the Romaii States Sardi- pointed a Committpe of sixteen to prepare apd sub- subject, call it a hlave Code, or what you may. The lRenpgutbhlyicaarngudmoecnttrituoa srheolwatiDviee teorrtolineeofuosunedsastiofn tobne bi-ins wCasbitneita toBe denounced his cpountduthcatt man out:CatavB it to be tljat the entry of the gave uaderstoojl$360,000,000 are represented in the Convanttmi. rufSotWi,the Constitution and the of tbe precedents,I'KeiHhjrereapostate traitors to th»two and one-thirteenth miUiona decrease in cash on liand of alnety-one million!;sloner, have already obts^ned a pledge frommorning, at a liitle past 4 o'clock.was neariiig Myrick'sNatoleo:! to protect Charleston as a free port in case of seces-were about toprevail.sion.win her. protecttns.The venerable President exhibited evidentDouglasunfailing ftippiytheySpain. Capt.rapacious Republican Party,which is to very likelyhe had no work in press of any VxoA. As lor ]iro.lucpd an enthusiasilcdiversion.) Mr. Wilso* as the car was dragged along, sleepersp^vm^vi^mwJJJ,HWl««BWii^W»fi^»»P^*''«-»'"^^WIIIWI.:««'iSbe |Jert0flc ffime^NEW-YORK, SATURDAY, OCTOBER 27, 1860. «-V*v .hoef Vmtad nia has violated the principles of neutrality, ^mit then adjourned till 10 o'dock to-morrow. Over what the Km'.sss-Nebraska us and the Clnrtnnati slave. He claimed that the master's right to his slave Sules Senate. [Prolonged cheers.] TbeCobbs.aBdrested upon the same foundation as his right to aay Toombses, andOct. 36—P. M. Goverameni cal.ed for. The decision was in favor of other species of property, or the right of any Northern cmuiiry, and he inMHed to tell them lo to IhaircontractedwiththeFrenchEmperor,and Asimilarcourtesywastateiidcdtolt.shM good reason to know that that GoveramaBt, bent night by the iiroprielers of the Buiset Uousa.- 0ie surrenderbe lertedJi— to the House. ThertobUgalionsthe reiffusal of the Osremor of- Ohio toloiBtiGnmob: iiowoBdwto BaaaMqr.at.^Otvni*- Ka«n>s«wi^e*rv fttbfteui 4ietmAemiain(^t, a«nkjd4 4tkhae^a amsakWead^, Bwfhfek^tihteK^r^, Iif ka hmmahwni'* cjouumlUd Wb^e ein treasury balance of fourteen four-fifths mil- respected In fact than the felon Bitown.francslions, and in current accounts of twenty-tliree one- half ciUUon francs.The Bource on the lOih was vary fiat, and Rentes decllnea to «8f. 50c.^Cemaserelal latelHgenee. By Ttltgrapk to Londonderry, UVKBFOOI. OOTTON MABEIT.Lmarooi., Friday, Oct. 12. The Brokers' Circular reports the sales of the week at 92,000 bales, of which 30,000 were taken by specula- tors, and 18,000 by exporters. The market was ac-tm ife* >Ist of Beeember. A mqority of the replies tive, and prices of useful descriptions of American the soil of the nation ? And does he not avow that carrying TennesseevajMkabiy be in &Tor of antieipatlng the period ofwei^e partially Sid. higher. The sales of Friday (to- the of the Republican Party, thenfthnTrnlTTIa bworaaca.of Mean. GoaaaAXD, sugar rcllnerail llmrtiwMti. liiirii baiUiBg* were destroyed biy FalrCitaaBs Fafr Mobile*«,hadsatbeanpaid. Theextraperiodoffifteen Fairrplandsthe market :quarters.Elm-street,lastMflUlHHHlliiTiandexporters,closingfirm atall the rest are sure for Liooauimay get 16 States.. DotraiABerening. Maxhb,an effective and eloquent address of over an hoar. Addresseswerealsodeliveredby"Mr.EualF.Hai^ who rebuked Jona A. Drx ftfrepudiatteg his Fiaa' soil principles of 1848. Mr. P. C. Vah Wjmtmt. GBAXias S. SpxBciB followed. The latter iT--«rT**amount to 10,000 bales, of which 2,000 were toprecise objectday,)pRnlators,the following authorised quotationsNo. 100sence of the President, Mr. Hsmr T.In ab-in the Territories and in the Dis- ajui the Slave-trade between ttie Twelve of their fifteen or more States have A;?- Republicans* philosophy and inspected every p:irt of it. lie leaves to-morrow and policy. This is s*), though slaveholdmg is a con-or false, but lie did not nie^malwaysfi^m on thethese oflScers the kindest relations have existed, and not the slightest misunderstanding ever occtirrc.l.prohibiting Slaverynuiuco, wlielher trueHis boot mocii torn.Hii^ reception here has heeu most flattering and cor- dial. Tc-day he vi5^ited our Navy-yard by invitiition,victory"Bible that Gideon took three hundred men. whowitheaplaliithe Gulf Stream, were onboard. The had oaptamfor New-Vork.A letter received to-iiay from Hoiu Rbverbt Joiis-proposes nothing, but to get all the offices, If it can. I iThe had while yet in ui.tio.ii, and draw himse.f "P Republican Party His hiad a.id taoc were .somowhat scra"ti^h.e«d«afn^dof the Liuted .states. [Prolonged cuoirs.J Tlie come into being not to make aggression on others, butNztl-VOEK Times had said that .Mr. iln-.i.r displayed to resist the aggression of the slave power. If it Skowc«han|Me.,liad his I'ect en-California as very excited, and gives tbe State to Docolas byBOH represents the Presidential canvass inMarch intended to ''"Allir'F.Mrr.t.ofis modest and quiet, it sets forth no remedies for ex- an amiable siniplicitv ol characU r in sugi-estiiig that carne Into power onhtolineoIrtaibrloef means toit exclude hu- lano'od in liis scat, and wl.ou ttio c ar capsized, vvasten thousand majority.nothing worthyits power to down the Slave-trade which flourishedJanuary.Q.The Breckinridge Party has-psorae appreciationship goesWas there, then, no danger to the Union ? WasIApplause]Falitlcal Matters in Team Nasiivilik, Friday, Oct. 26." of character" to amiable simplicityit an suppose anydecraded laboringmen and dishonored lauor. [Ap-awaythe car to extri-Mr. Ya«cit speaks to-night. the time with Gov. Foon, nouncedthatheshouldspeak cluded.^Dccltne af Yellaw Feror at Sleblle.MoBii.«, Thursday, Oct. ».the Union?were much frightened by In theover. The was very plamly frit jerkApprehensions of danger from yellowfever aretories alone,andttlers. and EKlve "ffree homes to free men." [Ap-now no longer felt in this city<'vicinity.-1 that the SoiitlTwouid believe with him. t^at therhcvpassedhad smote itHe refused to divideWith due respect for the traveling candidate for theHe was not a man to be alarmed atlaborers of Uie country. Tli.y ""•-'insteadthe suddenness of the tain-thesupposedCuiciniAii, Friday,The Time-Table Convention to-dajr decided thatthe South, and therefore Dovulas rejected il.SosoLAS was tbe lirat man to break faitli wi'Jtiman to his property—ana hence argued the injustice of exchidiag the property of tlie Sontbemer from the Territories of the Uulted States, which were the com- mdn proqe' ty of all. He quoted largely from editori-te«Hi on tlie floor of CmsigrAs. Weie the AiBsrieanM;jlletofthetardixians.ANTICIPATED AUSTRIAN MOVmENT. The Paris correspondent of the Ti'sus remartu ttat amovementoftheAustriansneednottakepersonsbymembersbv iwopleandcaseLoeoBptoaboturetti«fsctofaaAbo-the Eastern trains will leave Cincinnati at tio.\. M.,.ind 10:30 P. M.; tbe new to take eflect on regulationthe ]9th of November. The adjust^nent of the differ- ences between tbe rail and water rates was postponed \Si the Cohmibas Conventian, wUeh is to be held onthe Democrade Party, the first tO^ttack{.ecomp-of Kan- als in the Tritunr. upon this and other subjects, and old men in pettbe 14th of November.jection!b<igleindorsingas unconstitutional, which waaearried. He stood, he the Fusion candidates andPennsylvaida and Ohio, and it would be so in New-York. Why shoald further to distract the Denoeraey, so as to beat Baaci- did aot mean to sbserre theallprovlsions of 'the C<m- it not be so t They cotdd not grow a suocesafiil ixBiiiai and elect Lnosls. BtltutioB wUdi interfered Ininy way with tte (all Democratic Party here, whet* common schools aad Mr. Yaxcit has an interest in the dedskm of Kea- devdoiateBt of their faaatleal theories. With this free libraries were, wiine a free speech and free Press Wm ona itj )*ta tbui tbon by the Ciit were to LataUa. The Mussulmans were My BepubKcan frirads notice withJodignation a tackyandof all the Soaibera States. Ba nalnaas Tiew they wute alreadv looking forward to the time existed. It was at tbe Sooth, where tliese were not,Th«Since the of Fvan Pacha imm Syria, tlie departureand skaped Us course and woqld do so InAe fVure,itaaBishlp LuadaadcTTTereBias of Ow 13th iiut, pMaed Mussulmans had recommenced their massacres, and emigrating«aVu«kW Faint at SH A. If. tonlsy, fl> reM< to Quebec. killed twenty Christians. The remaining Christians0/ CJu .Y«iff- Yort Tiaus.LoeuvnxB, Ky., Tuesday, Oct S3, 18exThe abmuihip Bnmm, from Mew-Y«A. ariiMd at aMthaaptoB 0* the llth.and Buffalo correspondentB."That letter contains /countryBbzcsinbissx. Dooslas, on the slaverr iff^ksAoB,TIM ftaasaUpal Qaaewlown oa the nth.01 Mr. SzvABB, in the Northwest has bad no parallel the hour, and would stoBp for even DoooLaa or Bdiu to the flupieiijp Court theReptiblieanPartr " would whom he was robbing a hen-roostThe Moniuur publishes the montlily returns of the since the day of Catauhb. Geogralphically situated If be thought either coald bmt Lisoeu. He cares not go to the vea^ and elect a President who woaM ilder tbe morality of the proceeding, saU, " Thaffefrom New-Teifc, arrived It wta reported that the French tnirjr at Bornestojnied to eaa-Mtunetno,««•f I.7«aB KVa to be poton aeomplete warfootinc.ito be Uiii auuii l to «,0W iMa, and the garrisoneland is hoverbig over our border, readv to burst in thtmder. lightning and tem-forlOBSagainsttheChristians,andhadthreatenedthe life of the Russian Consul.letter in this morning's Journal from Its New-Yarkwhen they could prostitute the Supreme Court of the fliatthe Democratic Party thrived. He did net sheMONETARY A>'FAIR8 IN FRANCE.—Cormpmdmetthe following" The fiend-like insidious spirit of the late speecheswased faim of the negro, who, when his compankm—^wlA:cimenoftheRepublicanParty,A waves of the is the Northwest between the madso much for men as for " eonstltatfonal principles."—can principles." In view of there facts, and of these cuss It now. Hand me down another pnUet"Bank of France, which shows, as compared with Sep-tember,anincreaseinbillsdiscountednotyetdueof areasifsomenddnightaisassin,bentonarsonand savetheeotmtryrcaaputtute tbe Constltatlon, the laws, and even the Supremesections, his stealthy incendiary approaches thereNot but adherence to man-worship,principle- Tbein Bank notes, accomplishg the selfish ot^ects of plunder. * • * pest upon ustwenty-eight and three-quarter miUion, an advance of of assail the only remaining pointshe woald asfc ifDouglas there was not danger to tbe Union. How long would workshops, and that he would prefer one of bisawawere bhxKl In the midst of a great public danger, toBlack-RepublicanHzBSCHii V. JoBBSON had told the men in PennsTlTa-public safe^ wicked, more traitorous in tone. Is less, far less*, to beWhat sball be done ? CanCourt tttelf to their partizan designs,the slaves In Noruten "most man of our times," &c. dangerousThe Bell Sooth is doing, PartyuponSlavery T He beUered tliere was danger, and, believ-threateningof Lincoln's election. Welt they intended to eleet"party purposes.ator Doouma's Shir npon theSupremeConrtasa spe-Muniail 'of more slaves from any State, domestic or foreign, to South and save the SouthIries and of the creation of new Slave States, can andB«VBbUeaa Xeetla«. Republican Association was held at the old head-BBxexTSKinoB 7^d.|Mlddling Orleans... S4|d. hibition of Slavery In the Territories, bat sinqily by -nUI get nothing.Mr. PONTIAC. regenerated National Democracy, and the men who LcGis M. Pici presided. Mr. J. B, 'Vah BoBn madewill be accomplished, not by positive legislative pro- 7>id.lMlddllngUplands....6Hd. preventingthereopeningoftbeAfricanSlave-trade.!would be the of the revived and princqiles7 lid.iMiddling Mobile tJ(d.vocatednow advocated them would be me cboeen aad hon- oredleadersofthatparty. [Prolongedcheers.]TWENTISTH WAKD KEFCBI.ICAN8.The Tallow market ft unsettled and excited ;American,Ms-CSSs.lORSOS lUhKXIS.Northalso strictly Constitutional and conservative. He has people of the rural districts, yet it was only last even- licans of the Twentieth Ward. SAMrXL SmcLAiB, Eu., The delegates from the various opposition Com-no noiion of touching or tampering with Slavery where ing that he was induced to address his immediate con-_ President of the Twentieth Ward Republican A^o- mittees mat again at 9n Astor Bouse yestsrday aota-Itexists. Leaveitwhereitis,andletitalonewhere stituentsupontheissuesinvolvedinthecanvaas. ciatlon,underwhoseauspicesthemeetingwasheld, ing. Allthemeaiberswerepresenta|dMayorWas*it Isat SOe.esSs. Od. Other articles unchanged.Tbe large withdrawals of gold from the Bank forand slave labor into tbe Natlpnai Territories, and the called to order by GcsTATtn W. SaiM, Chairman of political Issues of the day, and resohre who should be 9. The vote stood as (Ulows:ABD at DubuqueIUcanism, Calaiineism, they sayMaaaaehascttS) aad JudsoA large mass meeting was held last evening inbutwhereitisnot,thereletitnotbe. Wilijah Hallwaston" and demand ttsreMlaslon to tbepeople[laughten—breeches, vrho wentshowed their inconsistencies and absurdities. He about the worldslluded to the fact that he was a member of the —and afraid of thcfr shadows. A^ftw old ma§ bad Democratic State Convention of 1848, wbeii Davis endeavored to get up a nondescript Fosioa tnat.sas. TheConstitoti<wrti«sthe Kaasas Act -tumt ail vtolatad by Lecompton's re-apoligiiiogfiar bdacla il OiiiifetMlof Adams'ExpressCoaqm- the Senate and four-fifihs of the House,andwasbacked by the entire Repablioui power with six South said, upon pieoltclyGAsrais, Soperintenileiitgupflae. Austria eonslders henelf releaaad from all ny, by a splendid disner at the St. Charles .Xxchaoge. Amr'rirans.m order <b defr tbe will of the Kssisas Imonths of asitatloii inCongraisJMl-wonder b« ivim «; l^ra flMCrVa isaok^ ehaaicd tba Sooth. It,j| nofttalT he eaa ever cheatqaaa- thus vMatatt, «reir Southern man who respaets him- tion went to Congress, there would be tIo-sprten annher again. Be never —,—dispates,'fee jtutUed in advocating secasskm. lence.perbspsbloodslied en the floors of Cteiuiass.1 22!!^. T^SSfB1^f^'Xg*-^-"!?^ tueSy,wasBO<wUiij»T^J«);*lSi ihsrefitwethe cclh tbeand Southern mind to theinvoke the South to keep cool, and quiet, and easy, an .VImiidstratlon to sustain and support It Hebe- publican principlesinevitable elec- tion of Mr. Lincoln on the 6tli of November. They-iijr both Housesofto aesty to sustain its principles. He had been off to the cheered repeatedly.personsintroduction by Gov. MAOorns,addressed here .-m im-Ir me, and yet Iam not sure that 1 know myself. I sion. w< uld not deter them. The appeal had beenThese were .illapparentlyhispartyhad nowealth,station, oroffice,not even a God on the subject were jiist, and if justruled,Re-was station, tbe rear car was thrown upon its side by aand the Court Supremethat had and hon- Senator Wilson was next introduced, and only intelligenceHe them on the congratulatedthe over a and several rail, culvert,(JongrcssSuch barriers for the protection oflongedpartycre»k|inwere severely Injured.Compromiseof 18M,andml o<tan declared Inthose oRBcesioB M the Stqrema e^SiS^T'^^Stoi"W^^o2^sS?nUiS£regardedpeo*pl'enepo AssaaltaaGaT.SewardfeytkeNew-Yark theCincinnatiFlatliimBwithawIndtorsementoftbe wereillustrated. Tketrulk-was,theKepuUiean would vote for Lxjksoln now. ItDred Scott deelston:Party, or at least that elenseht of it which eeatrolledso In Maine, in in New-Jersey,Southern State rights will be impregnable. So far as western of th^ State of the hos- prospect of the sure victory of the RepublicanAbout thirtv-five passengers were in the car at the Gov. JoBsson, of Georgia, says he regurds Lts- any thniight of aggression upon tJie South is con- part partaking had time the accident occurred, many of whom wereiasreaaed to M,0(IO men, and the garrison at Lyons coui's election as furnishing no cause whatever for a cerned, President Lincoln will be as impotent and pitalities of the friends wiom he met on Party. The tolling freemen of Peunsylvaniai more or less bruised and lamed.fBt on acemplete war footing.Faaeral services have been performed in all theehureheeofRomefor Gen. PuoBDAa. Gen. GSroa WBBpresntattheFrenchChurchofSt.Louis. BThe Pa<rw says that Gtaim.ai has thanked the sea-of the English ship Retunc*, who served the Gari- fealdlan guns on the Ist., The men were that day on leave of absence.Oea. CiAUmi liad received orders to cross the Nea-— now erless as any private man, woman or rhild In the his way, but he felt :i satisfaction in being closed the campaign of I860 in favor of the catise of A Mrs. Dxibxwaiib of East New-York, who was ondissolution of the Union but were he to resist the SaUou.course determined on by the Secessionists of his Stitc, he would be overwhelmed, since all three parties there harmonize on this point.Many conservative men here, who have heretoforetreated the apprehensions of disunion with lc\ity,nowadmittheiraeriousfears,andsomehavesurren-dered all hope. Great excitement prevails here.Senator Wisfall called on President Bcchakas yes-terday, and notified him to make up his mind as towhat course he would pursue in the event of seces- tensive speech-making. It is, ostensibly, to bring_I.. Yanceyj In LaaisTllle) Ky.standingown people, greater 'than could be enjoyed ci.scwhcre.to-day settled.Absauah Liscoln was to be the nextarm torn off at the shoulder, and mutilated. hbrriblynan.Wm. CorresjiondmcedfthrNrwYorkTimet.Anotlier lady, said to be a Mrs. Pobb, of Bucksport 1 joia PresiJcnt. [Applause.] hail lier forearm broken. One Infknt was three dicers for caniliJatcs Governmentwouldnotdeterthefreemenof America tAlharionwen,fromIts niotlier's arms,andfoimdafterwardLocisviLLX, Ky., Tuesday Night,Oct 23, I860.proposingFRXCKIKBISG& and Lane. tThree cheers were given from acting according to the un(t<T a heaji of rubbish beneath thethe great question- of the attention, ambition and encrc^tin- Villon LiscuLN. on thelie1' leii fell .!"wn ui>oi, jiassoiigcrswould salt him,Wha,Slavery rests,!jtoThis Northern agitator, more daiigerous and more men do anything for KffiituckyT Certainly nut the)8outh continue to remain in the Union, when they niggers" for President to Ab-iahah Libooui, andhovWilmot Proviso, and he awved toWasos examined the chances of demonstrateddtfeer «f that at-Sikte,that the election shonldg -ThereThe Kentucky, and not one last year. They can't muster branches enlisted In this ' irrepressible conflict" where he had talked thus. This was the msa flnt.qoalnkiatlaB a large Increase in the Repnblhan vote ofPONriAC. once more at home and before his freedom in America. [Applause.] The iiuestion was her way to vLsit some friends at Portlandjiad her rightuse all the entire S\a.\e, malting speeches for tbe Little of apy true man. It only propltecies and denouqpes. when comes lu sight that little speck on the horizon to-dav and disgraced our flag. [Applause.] Tiielle-Gen. Dbxvii had canvassedThe statement is confirmed that Spain had proposed Giant. Mr. JoiiNSoa will return about the first of It Is perfectly useless and worthlessBut the Breck- inridge Party is up to the occasion, and meets the Is-he w a.s a mariner who prudentbeing trodden upon by got up and passed through the eaiw \s loon Is i'uhts could be procured, the persons who w'.r. in tho wrecked car were rescued—m some In-!that threatens danger,bekins to take in sail, and does not wait until the goodpubllcansSlexico the law which permits an employerbyto cutillsafter Mr. Yaucst con- upon the Compromise of il^fiO, the Kansas-Nebraska thid the Southern people were a people tocars, and some of Uie passengers thought they wersBUIsw" Ij«at.Constitution cant establish in a SlaveryBut he did believe that if thetendahncctuter rf.mesteadso only shut ofl' steam.Oct. 26. of Belfast, Me.,but let one individual singlecontrol they wouldcould be bad, therebeingat smallact and the Cincinnati Platform. He, Yasczt, has be frightened in times dangerHse,hadcould wish thereall li be destroyed taongedthtehre,^'helightsaUwentlabored and now labors to the work of Hssrar preserve••Clat from the desecration ofTrue, non-intcnentlon Is to let Slavery in the Terri-tin ir gallantry gone by.elasB was broken,passengerscanone slave there, and he establishesnorCongress;carry TheTMto have a railroad todiH-tor tolegraphcd for aid, and all was done for the algns of times aright, what he docs henceforward. Condon, master, was wrecked on the 6th United States should protect the slaveholder every- mlstafccn. for the say, gorfanthe tliey but Wients, and to so modify the revenue system ol the suflerers tliK could be done under tbe ciieamstanees.Strange to say, s.i.-rllman invasion took without sembled at the Burnet House last night. The attend- placeUntitled Documentscliooner Foaming Billow,Slavery!system,fired, by robt;er.-.the doctrine Democraticdoctrine.Jacksos, if alive, would \ow be satisfied with conservative admliiisfratortola this Union should be destroyed.some 01on the 12th inst., ABRAHAMof our fathers, and ha.s been ttie alwaysand a portion of the other Northern ."tales, wiUgreat a of the session of the Government And tliey weremurdered,and theirIf Goverament for four It was absurd to that theydid soto be them limning, numb with the concussion. -ManynaaDeath of J. C. Adams.BosTtw, Friday, Oct. 26.Bbzcxiiiiudui:,was made, nnd an effortiwas made to get up aThe Kallroad TIaw-TaMe CoaTeatlon. CiHcnniAii, Friday, Oct. 'je.!a favorite with the framers of the ConstltuUonIto theTime-table Convention as-of theand to the nature and extent of the as«aa!ts Those are what might t>c called the ^entim^nt-' of was here now,—Thomas M. Tryniski 309 South 4th Street Fulton New York 13069www.fultonhistory.comnotoriety,a class thatiuMlnct higherstitution f Whence comes tlie doi:trlne of the '• irre- "t^pressible conflict ?" How are these men to be sads- got up or- two. bul a coSSmSiI to span a culvert^"^/'^^'^^for BaBcxisEtDcB !squatter disunionlstandsaytheir clothes torn off. nearlywhile pure, refined died at noble and great man,'• bills," nanic. libertyrail wasprotected, uj.-.nii,«ot far (noresorious. -..1theIt would look as if slave property was ratherall the Breckluridfe Partyprotec- to beweTreas- know but that he around from ""« l^RCOi.-. was elected^sleeper'^"'^y*^' Vij'JJ?.?However,tion proportionate to the natureadniiuistrcti'Uof theGovemmeni!HowziLCoBB. the United Slates Se-'retaryUi'^t thethrough, and the only wonder is Uiatthe acc.dentvrasask is propertyfied ? Will this fanatiral craving be satisfied withISdtieyhadhad ofhalf, and theat the "'"'^hand ofgeneralAnd at hoiTiC he hoped his friends woulThreats of destroying thedictates of their con- car waswithbieiinmginMr. Tancby, tliis afternoon, after an eulogistic and renewed.] " Now," said he *• 1 ieel indeed at sciences. Panics in Wall-street, got up for the occa- j.'osed one.clits legs was broken.sup-mense and attentive Kentucky audience. 1 reckon have seen so many curious comments on myself in and the reason of seri:nis Injuries, although many wereandthe newspaper Press ttiatder. He spoke for two hours and a quarter with came down from the moimtains after his long nap,covirodwithblood. moral worth—aye, and of physical power, miles from F:dl River,four thousand were present, and they kept perfect or-somethingRipAmerican and a of more intellectual people, party—Mr. Yanczt began byiStating the object of his ex- New-York Press had generallyThepower,too—than was ever before banded togetherthirty-five miles perand was a. a rate of rtuininghour at the time. He had left justmuch energyandpower. ^^and was unable to proveon1 feelVan Winkle may be supposed to have felt v.-hen he thewithhim,ndje.and the time had now come for that party the locomotive must have broken therail which spaashis dealtand he returned his thanks there- in fact he under great obligations to themany years he has pursued the even tenor of his way from the Jaumal to the effect that Mr. Bbadt, was moil country. They meant tomake the sub- in 1770wasThe car must have run forty rods,in the Council ?Capt. Maxtixxi, one of the most distinguishedolBcers of the Spanish Navy, and commanding tbeHavana Squadron, isjiow in Washington. He is com- missfoned by his Government to contract for the con- struction of tliree first-class war frigates In American breastship-yards. Thisdoesnotindicate|adesireforterri-torial aggrandizement in America, as charged upon and cendent issue. The entirely secdonal, graspingM. was in command at Vera Cruz, andsaluted Capt. Jabxis on his arrival there. Between win, is for nullifying the Fugldve Slave law, and tor place were of liltle cousc- said were all glad, he was sure, to welcome the not seriously uijured.but be will defend himself and his causethose who alio to stab the Constitution through hisCAiiusz & Co.. who clain.cd to own the StUc of New-Vork, anJ ex-meant to make the public senti-diaaging upon the ground.Mrs. DaiNXWArzB's arm was broken off at the elbowbeneath, andbody,againsthe would not sell himself to Ilicnaosn,[Applause.] They sendment ol Washlng- ment concerning Slavery theofstales!passedRres^ionColumbi.i,slioiild bewere sniveling on tlie corner thetrictthat hispartymisrejirestnled.laws nullifying the Fugitive Slave ;ict.be needed m the fani- Whatever be tlic issues ol the canvass, he feltand thebefore them. Gideon was the first Wide- saved only his chronii.TM tor. wiiich was destroyedonSlaveryis theainabout to publish a poem calico a •' Christmas Dream,"llme creed' ourtheir partyfind Grant all theythemselves egreelnuslyof river and harbor improve-totally ni/1 strugcling rights iirjroes. of conrent,was, in the Hildemess. in the orgunized 'rerrito- us how they are to withstand the laoailiism einens-os, extingthueishwitli the exception of Mrs. Dbisewateb, Mrs. Bear^b'mo:ns and the child. Notwithstanding her mutilatediniijht PeiliapBR^v, d amiP tiiungsue.of the inestimable dignity and importance of Slavery.Nothing but extermination can remove or get rid of danger; Had they studied the signs of the times? riause.] He said to them now 'ha'of that Slaver),according to Virginia prices, (2,800,000,0001Could any one assembly layheart and say that he believed there was nodangcrto could, would vindicate ''<;V,'^'^'!'-,?, tf,"." ro-tVuie man who lost her chUd. Some ot the pasMngersforgotten wri^ DO danger, and that the flag of the Union wouldwere tososute,d f" Sbout unaccountably as the cars jumped across theas madetotheheart,theconsciencedidsectional, Abolition and Disunion Party of th^ North, it riot for those he would h-.irdly be able to make tution? [No.] No; they intended to stand by the feet six inches wide. Tbe passengers all agree inalarm, it is said, and will advise with his cabinet at and thus rescue the Constitution and the Union. He speech on the present occasion. One of those papersor in war. Theythe rail was sn^—the Journal Comwtrre-had felt a great Constitution and the Union of latelyining that•a*-self would MtTbe IWtime argued that the referred toTbedatvof thenatrtotwasto^JK by sent of tbe of the and that the run-fewa respectable vote. They are powerless, except for and this eternal warfare the institution of came to New-York distmton In the ereatence lastare precious"Squatter Sovereigns"insaw the whole power of the Government and all Its Republican majorities bad lieen rolled up in tbeplaeaamisrhief, everywhere.What ground, they ask, for this abuse of Mr. Sxw-AB9? Is notthe main and specific point of all these and Is more war upon lee friends of the SouU ingnon-extension of Slavery into the Territo- Does he not at the same time counsel and in- culcate non-interference with Slavery In the States ? Does he not explicitly leave the subject of Slavery inapplause.]I^esldenilalchair, went in committed to BepobU-speeches ries !that he csn*t be trusted by any section!His own theirunited andtocan but without principles,notliing; It suppresses all its loyatty and patriotinn,thus, he cordially recommended every one of hismaking bearers to veto the Union ticket ;Breckinridge aad Lane men tbroughoot the State tohim. and th£n see what they would do about It [Loadbe called the than upon her enemies. Mr, Bbal's record proves uponAbbabaic if he went into tha Lincoln,ngorous,tions and clear record are against Slavery. He won't manded with doneState has cast him off. Mr.Evxasrr'B settled convic- giveof stand do. L«t the Bell Party Haiituckvbytheir havinganythingpromotecountry.tbe Slave States to tbe care and responsibility of the principles of tiM and go for'yr. BaaoxixUDes. It the country finds Itself, calls upon every patriotic man House of Representatives to sustain bis Administra-won't do to trifle with the destmles of the country atto sacrifice his preferences in order to prevent what tion, and he wanted to see a true man' sent to Con-this crisisMr. BaBcxiBBissx is the only contending and avail-Repub- gress from this District. Mr. Wilsob was loudly cheered when he sat dowii. after a tbe!able candidate agnlnst Mr. Lmooui.Heistlie onlylican Party.After some personal allusionft to himself, and to hisand, soagfkom Twentieth Ward Glee Club the assemblage separated.Sixth 'WardThe regular monthly aweting of the Sixth WardBM4. has no chance of she will go against him by atcolnotseidnuingan the few adherents by eloquent eulogy uponof BBioxiNBinsxandLAiiBlnthls State, who had the least 16,000. Mr. Yasoxt believes that the chances courage and the manliness 10 stand up for the truth, pre- in Kentucky of "her honored and cherished son" and for their principles, against the overwhelming vention of the extension of Slavery into new Territo- are the best! Kentucky and Missouri are the only Stirabers of the opposition. He prophesied that thedoubtful Southern Stateswhen now ad- time would come the nrinci|des they;;cirrPOLITICS.^WIOV aZZTIHO AX OOOFEB DIBTITUIK.James T. Brady an the laaaca af the Day.Jamzs T. Bbady, the can- Esq., Breckinridgedidate for Governor, spoke before a New-York audi-at the Cooper Institute. he 'Althoughduring the campaign to thehalffilledwhenheeom-LoxDOii, Friday noon. not of war, bloodshed, force, or treason. Like menced speaking, and although the numbers some- Mr. TaMseia TiLNa delivered the first address. HxBsicK and BaAnroxB were not iacBned to iritbdiaw;H. Sbwabs is a man of peace, gentleness, suastonThescarcelypresided.occupiedthe chali. At first the friends af MaaBB.;Thea«wFra-IMetsteTofNaples,assoonasbewas Cossouformoney,92^S93. apatriot,large-heartedandfar-seeing,hereasons whatincreasedbeforehefinished,yetatnotimewere WhatheInquired,wastlieparposeoftheirconUngto- tbeircandidates,buttnallyavotewastakenaadMr. liliamixl a letter to ItAaam compli- The Tallow market Is unsettled and excited ; sales and remonstrates against the extension of Slavery tno-thirdsof the seats occupied. The meeting was gether T It was to settle-In their minds wliat were the Isaac C. DBLAPtAon was nominated by a vote of II tashipment to the Continent continues.the parricidal intention of NEWS FKOM TBB NATIONAL CAPITAI.. means ; and 1 understand them to claim that tbe spirit the Committee representing tke Breekiaridge and canParty. HedweUaapaj^y apaattbelmnxnaaee Tbe Tammany Moatlnstiaa CtmrsuHan nsats to-MyasadUsaaaaewltb of Gov. SxwABii's speeches in the Southwest are no tatlmtriitteaCtfee OOTatsf «f otoe'lbtg Mr. Iwwmnight, snd itisuoderstoodthu will oonfirm they ttafrom the "rerrftories. Mr. Wibsikii's cIos'luc declara-npttaa of the ITnlon—Spaaiah War>Tc»- tion on that occasion was this " 1 as I did Ui3 speakerfor disunion now going on. When Mr. LmcoLU waseels to be Bailt In Aawrlea, dec.Special Dispatch to the NswTork Time*. Wasuisutos, Friday, Oct 26.capacit}' did not give him a momentary pangIt is currently reported to-day, on what is be-the October elections has been eminent- WHS national. Mr. Prekticz and hu associates are do- himoccupied gaveCAS inthat several Southern States, acting through a secret Comuiis-lieved by manyauthority,lyIing their best to prepare and reconcile the Kentucky them to express his honestAplidons, well aware that the Interest of Freedom or of Slavery. If their viewsJournnt since;takingly applauded,Mr. TiusB set before the assemblageii.more " insidious," " fiend-Uke," " traitoroits." than Lane Party of- the City, for the parpose ofUsleulug to The stocks In Wall-street had fallen five percent action of the Astor House meeting.Vikrt la • frafeaUliiy ef a Ckmgresa on the aAirs The Preneh Eaperar aad Seecaaia>—The the spirit »f Daiiizi Wxbsibb's speech In the Senate, the candidate of that pajty lor Governor, and wlthoat tblsday on account of the Washington dispatch pub-Repnblicaa afeettag at White Plaias.We have been to state tba. Senator requestedtis Notbs, and otliers, will Wabx, of Ohio, Wh. Ccx^surely address the mass meeting at White Plains, on "Monday evening.Accident oa the Fall BiT«r Hkilr—<.,.PnaM«nt NslMed t* ke Really for a Dia- the I'ith of Ausust, 1848, on the exclusion of Slavery detaining them further lie would introduce the lished In the morning, giving an account of the plotsthat it by such persons as he saw before lam unbounded pleasure. He came before;THKOWM rBOV THI TSAOX—BITERA& Flk- SO.Ng BADLT INJCBEO.From the Botton Journal of Last Errtung.While the mail train from Fall River this earlyunfaltering support this ticket,*! order that they might never be repri-having given any idmlgas that would prevent him from dobig exact justiee toa candidate for Governor, Mr. Bbadtlayeleetlngthesame now. Healso platformI: referred to liie (leinand vt Keaiadty upoaOblofar Iter fouriher could be elected there. He vraidd rather Ikat either of the fusion candidates sfaonid fof _ who had fled into that and yilave-e,-iealeT- ate plainprotManoftheCanstitotlaaUkethatwastobe wouldnothaveLtgooueieelad there. Iftheascnpmroevsbiim.heBolyommon con- bycoui and uatte glylnKthe country peace.faiJathersthat he had bei.n tiute again the prevailing creed of this na- sleepers after turning over. Many passengersin the paths of private life, and nothing but the perilsto the Constitutional basis of our Government hasnow brought liim out He would assail or abuse no- J. of C. to have been dreaming, he said, because Republic was the equal of the proudest sons of men. tially through the windows on the1on todreaming for some time, lie was thought by tlie tion—thatof thesoil of tiie were wounded in tlieir and arms by falling par-in tiie ursihe never wrote a poem in his life, an'l in the next8,.N. hiui procluiinod their hostility lo Slavery. (At this One woman was silling by tbethe ,-of!imeiits on himself tlieytitcyWlde-Awake.i from New-Jersey.glad to see the Wide-.\wakes, for they always carriedA man named Bcbrili., badlv scraped by draiigingThose wlio course, hau bettor r.serve tlicir tears until after elec-ground.^A andlwo sailors. who bad been wre-ked intion, for all Uy proudertlie 1.'yiig might yetpitcher and lamp assailed went downenemyIn managed By s,Jc of the car,stitutional rislit, entitled to recognition and protection tioiiest anil >;;illar.tfrom all branches of tlie Government The Bell Party would in heading the successful ticket for President go down. [Applause.]— of isting evils no settlementbe cnlangcrcd by the election ol so; but the mariner whostajids forecastle should be looking out for danger, anduse all moral andthe top. w tio.efor some secoirfs, on the tower slfte.gl'V,.fKe"":E'rll,'g:l'a.n".,',.V..'"'The'that the Keputilican Party dr'tn-J a distolutloa of s, t ai'.art 01 cry rod of the public lands fortonecessary, aad to let the people decide the questionwhen autharizeJ^ to form their Constitutions. Tbe eleclijn ol Libcolm would not create the occasion lor President BiciA\A>protecthe that would be he rieil^ed imtrue, andof the -Vbolilliu' elrment In their party. \Miy '^'""' iho uiterests of p.,oiJlfscouted—it is scouted by the ."outh. Coiiure- the whole of New -Kngland pulsate as with one heart ers the e*catcd mechanics, ol four-fifths of the cnviliton, Mrs. DbiriflL The talkabout territorialsupremacy ouijlit.as it w as, q( the great mass of the inielli^'entand kiw"atb^ arose without helparm."to^k ui on this question ol Slavery ? Does anv man sup- InteUectu- f^ojL supremacy over the national domain was pose that the seatLiient pervading all New-Knsland, t hurch-roembers of the country—of tthoe take:sinipiv remarked I beOire I've last myTheexpecting, and yearning for acts of a positive charac-He was ashameditand delicate as a woman, is a ter in reference to this ncCTo question. Whence threatthesuppose,,u„.mke. These declarations weie made bv men o'^'a"!'",'*;U,e^ o„ve„rury, had been inlie it horses, hogs, slaves, or what not. It tile RopubllcaB i*arty. Uc would now re.'cr tu tiit.1 old fogy to ano'Jier to say tiiat ifTON Mason, HzNKT, JzFtzr.soN, and the revolutionaryin contact with theman slavery from the Territories.It meant to1totill place, and Woll-slrcet in New-YTk, whereproclaimedHe wasof street' over his " with them. [Applause.] Tuey read in the v^as fairly worn throuab, and his clotliesenemyband of his followers, than he ol the present day the Democratic Party would surely to break a window upon '"e, upperthein behig the sliimlard -bearer of the ;mall, but Awake, [great applause,] and before the Gideonites this.d theReFubircaos actualhadtoDlaoe \BK»BAM LiscoLSinapositlontomakedown.t.ill a law. (.\pplaiiBe.] -The Rt-in-the Pacific to -,'-JP^WA;iwnUnl«g«ffofsl«.i,a«hoe-i^hI'tt«al"ig-lb"gtlf"ia-teb-ae'ea-reirmlemlerlnKen- rate judgment that New-York would jlTa La>of absurdity the Union. [€reat applause.] Many ; as well aa the fatal oftaaeqadMes af thb leaaoiiing had hlthemo acted with the Democnteadencles oftbeand also Senator Crabb's declaration that in reforeneepattingonthecloakofindifference. Hanaia^in who would decide questions on BapobU- a moral question Judgeswe havent time to dls- manifesttendenciesofCheRepublicanPartytoprosti- [Laughter.] Mr.Wilsonrelatedhow,afterBoLmen. " people to be frightened bjr such puny f Mo,"]the tbe wholeMr.Wilson closed by saying diattoelection of Mr. Lincoln. The emergency in which' LiNcoui was to b« President, and now they wanted aHaasMeettegatliihertyHaU—Addreaaeaaf alludedInahandsomemannertotheTieadare nitan. Han. Beary Wllaaa> •t his stlccesslul competitor for Register, and pndietadPresident,"lt""a,'vcrrdark""t"htuhret 10 de- St lie that thev weretime, and ^me passenger.-lup Lracour and the Cotmty ticket.thsfee*--- daThe train w as detained an hour nere accident, and arrived here at about 7!<e-cle.deaUng La-Be knew (OOM-thing of New-Yorit, and be gave it as Us deBba*larj^est majorityany Etotanla and Indiana to look ath oataeoi'l^aptalsoB.aaAh#; itwho were known to have receivedwounded Tlir c.ni'uctorstatcs that the train was aoout nine.one. jumpedsleeper supposed the culvert, which, byti*e wooddecayed on the track andhj comingof the Republican was the the remainder of the arm was badly mangledhim inand that was that he w^s not a policy of thoso wiioinade the Constitution of the Uni- hanslng in threads. She was left at a house byOne compliment they paidsaymgpolicySlavery is the agitatin? and all-controlling Question property.thathewasdreanuiij John roadside.of American parties. It is a living, practical, trans- "Wide-Awake." [Laughter and apjdHuse.) ^.->.vto ted Slates. Wasiiimjion, Adai!9,Jzvvibson,Madi- window when tbesleeper and crumbling to pieces.accident. some means, tlic cap:ofcheersfgtDistrict..and a hall by, . any declaraUoji of w,ar, the lepreBentsU eof tlie ance wt: reads being resented. King lirfC; twea^-eeven ref^ 