 10P o l i t i c a l IateUlsjea.ee.BL*C* BsnrsucAS Baaon sWrruma- w MASUOTC- lct—B%arrU\A;'i Applictiicn for s 5pec<dl Contract to seem to be borne cut by the motion o f ^ J J g f r J g J ^ Mass, wss set oa fir* and entirely consumed on SaturdayOu Mail* on the American CoaiL-Dittingui Spcttatm en to postpone thto subject till after the ^ l 6 * ^ ^ " ! * , night M r. Davis la postmaster a t that place, and was toenTosth*Tpresstepttonlhat, as a Dougtes man, h ertmUfor Charleston, etc. would prefer net to commit himself o n • > * * • • • * • ff serenaded with a s h boras, tin pans, groans, * c , by a#VrSpecialw*sk*lel*Aft*mDespatch. Wianacnw,April30,1Mbfsasdtoanswer,hotprofessedhiswillingnesstoanswer andthattheDoogtosdemocratowhostillelhHastotheparlies hemade arrangements wtth afterhis democraticpartywillpursuethesameccarae. Kansas ! TheI test act in the terrible drama o f " election. Thtowasatransparentsubterfuge,as,or •noVfcnaaa"wasfairlvopenedintheHousetnistog wTSte stowssstaoj^tle bill for tbaUMm^ S i emb^ryTstatointothe Unton. As a proposition wbtoh Sctftoe'mSuciionsof the p W b ^ t b e ^ C s n - greeswithperfectcontempt, thist»IUadoptingtbe^Wysn dot constitution h a s o n e o r two winarkable totaartm.- First, the original length of Kansas ss s Territory, » » as a State under the Leoompton constitution, which was about 7C0 mites, is now reduced to 400 mites. Three hundred miles of the western end are cut off, cem- prthecding the gold mines of the Pike's Peak country-awas prevented from « * ^ ° * \ ^ a " ^ " ? ?>f ""J"* district which at thto day numbers thirty thousand waneGnrftXiiHOTSTOSSNutx—Manyhaveaaideathat General Houston's Christian name if Samuel,whichit tonotHisnameisplainSamHouston.Tax Jrinos NATJOXAI AasaicaiM.—lh» body have issued and are spreading far sad sear the following card:—TheJuniorstotheirfellowcitixens-Citizens—Preservethenational distinctiveness; the dignity of American labor; theartisan; no African slave respectability of the American « » - , - ~ratten*trade South; so Chinese Immigration West; tot us have anation •f white men. For Presideat, Sam Houston, of Texas.delegatespriortotheirdeparture. Aweek'stimewill •how whether these anucipations will be realized.limited by the oamptettos of the work Theretonodoubtthatboththe maun* government of the city requireeddm«u!um sscmsojio»ranj*rAmmsiwuagv.Ne arrangement* have yet bee* agreed upon for th* course, any bargains entered into were made before hisIarepublicancirclestheapproachingStateconventionis looked forward to with much interest There are threeprominent candidates to the field,viz—Hon. H. B. Judd, missioners namedto the bill, whoseitarZUVHnptK>E of the Jeaaaeee Embassy by the gOTenunenta,tof«rmisreason,andsotthatthePotomactotoothailew, that they will vtott Washington via New York. TbegerirameBt does sot wish to be taken by surprise, prelerrng that New York should endeavor to create a favor to answer shonld be reported to the Hones, able anpreesten open the»e famous Orientals, without wtth a view to bis being committed for oontempt. This ksowtog exactly when the aflart will be required- resolution was told over. The next day Mr. Hindmsoat present State Senator from Cook county, a positionwhich h e h a s occupied for the past sixteen years; Leonard Swett, representative from McLean county, a young bat he doss n o t think that a t Z T a LThe agent of the government to ende coring to obtainhalf of a hotel for their exclusive tue. Should he ntittei; being engaged upon the Pacific Railroad Oom- las m thto, them b e wtll secure a largo private real ntftee. In nla absence, the Immaculate republicanjms-Sopulation, and which, by the end of another year, may be elected to th* State of Virginia oa the fourth Thursday e increasedto sixty Utootsad, andto two y^*L «"•*> of May next The whole number of circuits and circuitber of Congress. Judd w ss formerly s democrat, while annual tax to eight Yates was an old line whig. Several of th* county dele- tbe proper time tarte* eapable o f furatohteg ample accomodation. A somas 10 SASDIXIA.iority of the committee voted his motion respecting Ford down, so ssto smother this damaging toquiry. Mr. ffisd man intends to present these facts to the House, and wiU demandthatFord,whotoanofficerofthatbody,shallbe compelled to answer the question as to tbe corrupt bar-tion of Abm. Lincoln to the Presidency, but thereto no reasonable doubt b a t thst their second choice will b e Seward, who to, to fact, considered Ihe only availableof the city That the time rnayTshould be removed to Madison 1tion nearer the geographical 01 butasyettheretonogeneralorpubn7o«a change. On the contrary, the toterestooftS wi."ZT Jority. both of the public and these^hc"£?S£2XZThere * r e a m to beheve that tbe House Committee o nforeign Affairs will report a bill providing for a fir*class mitatonto Sardinia, In accordance with Mr. Burlin- gains he entered isto previous to his election ss Printer. geme s resolution, adopted to day. It war prefaced by a If the republicans refuse to enter into thto inquiry, thebe held thto year In all b u t seven. The circuit Judgesare elected for eight years, and are required to be at leastthirtyyearsoface. Besidesthese,thereareAveJudges mantotheparty.preamble, which, however, was withdrawn at the reinference as to the truth of the charges will be irresistible.21st Instant, which will probably be extended for thirty days'from that date, when the speedy trial of the ease may [be looked for. It to exciting great interest here, andeveryonetoon thequivineforthedcvelopements which v/ill be made concerning the matter.come be bettor promoted by leavtag the CavBa/*,£Park. Theadditional conventonces>eourred ea?L-J5JSrovided there at much torn expense theamta,«!-2 1 v o l ves. ^ SSSBSBmen ol severe! gentlemen. The preamble sets forth that There to no probability that Butterfleld's application-the kingdom ofSardinia, by recent acosastons, has been ntri to » first class Power, extending from the Alps to the Adriatic, and embracing within its limitsSV richestandmostpopoiooJportionofItaly,overwhich responsiblebidderfortheservice—inviting proposalsbyThere are details in the bill which do not mast h» »*. Thefollowingtoacopyoftheamendedbilltothtoease, proval, because they donotseemtohim tomsTmSl•ik-asive domiatoe a ooasUtatioaalrepresentative goveru- atea t baa been estabbsbed, order maintained, and tbe free- eeso of the press and rettglon secured. ' -On GUQCS 10AISST HTA1V.Tbe treaty which Minister Preston has concluded withgpato provides for tbe ascertainment and settlement of ate pending clahneWMT M TBOCGWT O f TBS W W TOSS IXCnSATCSX.The republicans from New York complain that the re-advertisement in the usual way.Mr. Slidell, Mr. Bright, and Corcoran, t h e millionaireSowith regardto Utah. Tttooutofth* questiosto suppose that if the Mormons numbered a hundred thou sand population they could b e allowed a State govern ment to themselves; but the newly discovered gold, silvered by public necessity or public convenience in volvee an expenditure improper at this ante.Bills Signed b y the Gove *Jbe following bills, among thawHouse adjourned, were signed by the Thursday:—617. For the relief of Mrs. Anna E. 1aad IlaTa *party, and damage Seward at Chicago. They profess Collator SckeU—lhe Subject Recommitted--John Bi'Jcfree States against sixteen slave States, H ow preposte rous, then, this Northern hue and cry of resistance to put an end to the aggressions of the slave power.Coroners' Inquests.mcmseives satisfied with the action of their State Ceaveo- a»n at Syracuse, with the exception of the smutty char-man's Report Against (he President—A Foregone Conclu-sion—The Presidential Elements Cryttalizing—Mr. acterwfsomeoftbedelegates. DouglasintheSouth—JohnShermanCalledtoNewVKN—OKB SUMDBOWNXDANDOTHSB8MI88ING. [From the New Haven Journal, April».]m covens o o m c m E .Evtooace ia to be produced before tbe Oovode Inveeti-SranciON OF Fori. PLAY.—An unknown man,twenty five years old, died at the New York Hospital yesterday morning, from t h e effects o f injuries t o the bead, received under rather mysterious circumstancesage of one year and eight months.And your orator further shows, that he to informed, and believes, and charges tbe truthto be, that the said Mary W., disregarding the solemnity of the marriage vow, has.to their legal transfer from the Spanish ownersto General Schell case was put off. There was some mistake In itpickedhimupatthecornerofBroadwayandCanalstreet,Inregardtothegreatevent oftbe day,soon totakeMbamenprevioustothatoccurrence. ooxnm o* or TBS TSSASTST.wherehehadbeenejectedfromone.oftheSixthavenue whichmustberectified. Itwassentback,andMr.Hick railroadcarsfordrunkenness. Asnoevidencecouldbeadpress theopinion thatJudge Douglas willreceivethe yearlastaforesaid,atthecityofChicago,inthecountyof he clungto itabout twenty minutes, when, withthe]The amesst of money in the Treaaun subject to draftto nearly seres millions, or an iscrease of upwards of half livery operating to hurry up the case. The democrats,duoed as to the identity of deceased, the Coroner thought proper to adjourn the esse over until to-day. Deceased was a respectable looking man, Judging from his dress In his pocket was found a breastpin containing a small diamond, with a ruby in tbe centre. On the waistband ofhispantaloonswaswritteninmarkingInk,thename " Wm. H. Lyons," which tt is hoped will toad to his iden tification.ForxT) DROWXXTI.—The body of a German, about thirty years of age, named Carl Lebrecht, wss found floating in the water, at the foot of Thirty sixth street, East river,Cook, aforesaid, the said Mary W. did commit adultery and have carnal connection with the said David Stuart, and that tbe said Mary W. did at various other times du- ring the months of September, October, November and December, tn such year, commit adultery and have carpalassistance of those 00 board, he was drawn upon deck la an exhausted condition.Nathan Briggs and another hand, whose nam* k not known, were stoo saved.Frank Steers, the cook, a young man about II year! old,whobelongstoPoughkeepsle,isknowntehavebeam tost He was seen holding on to a line at some dtotanofl from tbe vessel, hut could n o t be reached, oa aeeaant o f the boat being absent Two o t t h e hands a a heard] the Yankee Boy bad taken she boat, ao*ly putofftotherescueofthemate,GeorgeNew York, whohad driftedThe result of their humane efforts are not W»«-u,. themateaad theboatwere soon outof sight,1 a feared all may bare been lost Capt Hemming thinks,however,thatiftheydidnotsucceedto1Smith, they are safe themselves, as wtth proper 1ment he to of the opinion that a boat might Uve al- though there was a tremendous sea. Should they suc- ceed with their one oar in keeping t b e boat afloat, they; mutt, wtth the heavy gale that w a s blowtog from t a t northwest, soon have drifted upon t h e shore a f Lang MH land. tn which case we will soon hear from them If they are gone, however, they have sacrificed then* hves te f nobleendeavortosavethelivesoftheirfellowbeingsThe Yankee Boy was damaged considerably and put back to New London for repairs.Thesunkenvessel,belongingprincipallytoH.W. diet&Co,wasvaluedat$8,6C0,noinsurance.Saturday morning last a dray waa drives to tbe offlag of Adams Express Company, Cherry street, aad a largo dry goods box rolled out upon the pavement The box wss addressed, "Mrs Margaret M. Thompson, ears ofI i v i n Coffin, Cincinnatti, Ohio." The driver stated teat be was ordered to deliver tt to the agent of tbe company, and request him to nave tt forwarded as addressed wtth- out delay. He then collected the drayage, and infonsed the agent thst tbe person sending it would call round, pav carriage and get a receipt The weight of the boga mitnea ever thesum on hand the previous week. • HlxsTY-BlXTH •OSOBJBM.for reasons best knows to themselves, fought off thsjjre port;but, since tbe election of the Speaker, their efforts to resist any motion on the part of the republicans have is every cue only strengthened the impressions of a practi- cal union of the opposition elements, equal to all the legislative demands of the republican party.generally of the South; and you people of the North will be very much surprised to find s o many Douglas dele- gates to the Charleston Convention from th e South. T o my mind the nomination of Douglas at Charleston is a foregone conclusion.And your orator by way of further amendment shows that he to further informed, and believes and charges the truth to be, that the said Msry W., on some dsy or dsys during the month of November, 1859, but on what dsy or days in particular your orator is ignorant, at the city of Chicago, to the county of Cook, aforesaid, did commitof Representatives. Wissnxnos, April 30, 1840.trinethansquattersovereigntyfromtheConvention,orwe Tbe Rev Mr. Love.joy to delighted. What happened is shall put up a Southern rights ticket to oppositionto the Convention. Inotherwords,sir,withthenominationoiprietorsincethedeathofhisbrother,aboutoneyeargrownnegroman'Herewasadiscoveryrnwhich there was something of the serious aad a h u e moreol the ludicrous Tbe negro perspired hugely—hto eye*for ds mages. mas of the important House Committee of Ways aa i Means, assured ef a dsnmgutoaed reception and he is u>trfu; history of the "Siege of Quebec,'' b y George Bancrou. was then read. It was listened to with great atteutun by the members, and at its close there was the usualvote of thanks. The death of James Kirk Paulding wasesteem in which be was held as a member of the His lay down the electric telegraph between Buenos AyresBut although he escaped the perils of a threatened shrewd a mas to mar it by running off into abolition hereBoaaybrook scrimmage as by a miracle, the reverend ties. He has had quite enough of Helper to lost him for gentleman h a s secured the great object of his speech—the* taken u p , a n d after resolutions were offered andthree months His ferocious abolitionism may be partly ^Thomas Ford, tbe House Printer •••vsr accounted for i s the way o f revenge for the death o f a snor, in 1$84 In 1888 he was elected Governor. On ro atd to tbe impossibility of rawing men without the helpsaid to be immense. New York papers are received herethirty six hours after they are issued; and to give yourreaders an idea of how many are disposed of it wouldbeor interest to state that McNally * Co., opposite t b e PostOffice,selldailyW0Niw YORKHBSALDS, a proportionatenumber of Times and Tribune*, and of the weeklies 4,000Ledgers, 2,000 Jferetirjw, 1,000 Harper's Weekly, 600 Frank Hon. John ti.Davtt, of Indiana: CaptabolitionbrotherwhowaskiltedbyamobinIllinoissome twenty years ago, is their attack upon his abolition news-tinns from office, in 1842, be was immediately elected to theSenate,fromhis owndistrict,consisting ofJackson and the adjoining counties In 1846. be emigratedtoof General Urquixa. To remedy the state o f the taeaoos itwasproposedtoobtain a loaato England,toenable them to pay off the floating debt of some 8,000,000 silverp . ^ . ... TmiaTrtnsBoe nf thesemitspnfci ator, of Lsstotesa, from tbe Judiciary Committee sustain inf the protest of Mr. Buchanan against the House reeo tattoos.nstitutingMr.Covode's investigating committee toareportwhichwill commandtheapprobationofevery dtopasiiossto readerinlenahto corner a s Uus qoeaooni ofoaqs*t2?T2!r!l5^.** B w a s atoe atoned at the8»uthoiresult of th*election for I'resident, which took place oa tended, aad a course af a little Mm* he re-the1st. TheelectionWMto levor of DonBernardo P. vivedsufficiently tostatethecircumstances. Adimlight werefinedtoeachm a yS.B"»^ Pat aaf asfssar^•^ * * • ** *l»4sa«tmrs|te party, tteg that several of the Dougand James Ludlam, residents o f that neighborhood, and TheStateDepartmenttnWashingtonharereceivedm Uontotbemajorityofinhabitants,bothforeignandna pl0 m atmmithf»ry ntoely, on the < miliillimal ngbtstnthethat while Congress o»^»»«*8 "*»tt may intertbrs Is puatoh sad sap-esthsstevsry Mperfeotiy oatssSclory oa tne amvsryTbe eacoto (IteOfHtesv states that Jtua R a ^one of the men formerly engagedmen formerly engaged i itn Hfli*. the pirat.;recently deceased ia thst State.Berrobya large majority, everything being conducted to tbe most orderly manner, without any attempt to dis- turb tbe peace This result h a d given general satisfacwas burning In the basement entry, sufficient to enablehim to identify hto assailants, whom he stated to ho DanielArrlTala teste AJUUTAJJt• s a n s l Joiiln a»ewas them-wtultramenoftheSooth,whoformation of the death of the following named seamen a\Singapore —I. Green, I Campbell, George Ford, J Zark W . Gardiner, C. F . Proff, Peter Season, Frank Currv' Wm. Shaw, Wto. Thompson, aad John Storkes 'Uve it waa expected that he would carry oat aa equallyArmthough more liberal policy than his predecessor andBxuae, Bon-dehr J B Myoro—Taos DEFASTCSJtB.U s e— had " * * •indicated majoritytheirpurpose t opari Isswo to swht s a t taeti b«tbe with the ropublioaa partyu£t» unL ° bi*tea to enable away exiles to return tolaefaswOstes and under the protection of a actional k> fcJDied, oa th* 10th tost, Prof R K. Tsoau*, of theautoisrs siiMrrTr as—I '— Ihsy ksow t ^ «^" T '° popslar hitbeNorthwesthis age- MrsMorswauGsAsvaat,thevenerableUntitled• Jno B>,t.Moo«ra> Wasataldwte, JoeBrady,*•Mondaymorning.Greatday expectedIn t h egetisg Committee, with a view to Impeach tbe testimonywhich ted to the difficulty between Governor Walker and We always expect something on Monday. Fair audience Coroner Jackman proceeded to investigate the case, whenbeen in Georgia the past week, attending to some busi- since the marriage of your orator with her, committedness in th e courts, to of the confident opinion that the democratic South will unite In presenting Senator Hunter as their candidate, and he will be nominated.RXADV TOR A.VOTHXR TxsK— Hon. J. A. MoCternand,democratic memberofCongress from theSixthdistrict ofamendment, further shows that hetoinformed,and day morning, the captain, whowasat she wheel,JudgeBlack.IttosaidthatthemembersoftheCabinetinthegalleries.Unusualattendanceotlobbymenandthefollowingfactawereelicited:—Deceased,itappeared, are perfectly willing that Governor Walker shall desig politicians infesting tbe approaches to tbe floorbelow. had been broughtto the institution to a state of unosn aaie those to whom be referred as, in his opinion, shaping Collector Schell is to be hauled up before the bar for oon- Bciouiness by a carman, and was treated for congestionadultery at divers places, and especially teat the said Ma-ry W., on orabout tbe 14th day of October, to the year1867,inthecityofChicago,tothecountyof Cook,totheState of Illinois, did commit adultery and have carnal con- Providence. While proceeding down t h e Sound, nection with one David Stuart, and your orator, by way and near Thimble Island, about one o'clock Wednes-tempt of the Covode committee, and John Hickman will m XBSSASBU U W L f j n i ) KLSCTKKt. make his report from the Judiciary committee, protestingof the brain, supposed to have been produced by intern perance. ThiswasonThursdayafternoon. Thepatient continued to grow worse during the night, and graduallytheaffairsofKansasin1867.TheCommitteeonElectionswerealmostunanimousin againstthelateprotestofMr.Buchanan. Weshallhave sankasmorningapproached. Onmakingapostmortem tee r report in favor of Dairy against Fstabrook as deto- a lively time—perhaps some splendid sparring, and wo examination of the body, tbe physicians discovered thatnate from Nebraska. TSXCAPTORSOFTBSSSXJCA3WIS8TBASSBS.The question Involved in the protest of tbe SpanishMteisteragainsttbecaptureoftheMarinsteamers,toas Butbysomeadroitparliamentarymanoeuvring,the Ignorantofanyevilhavingbefallendeceased,andsaidheKBW YORKHBRALD, BnTTOtUT, APRIL 21, m f t n C B MSHEET.Oar Chicago Ceiresxteademee. CaicAOO, m., April 18, I860,Y/AansOTOK, Apm 9 , 18M.hi» reportviews of pretty mush the whole Dooxls. t ^ * « T .for a special contract to carry the mails on theMexican coast will be favorably acted upon. There toa strong reeling against special legislation. Ifany calleduponnextyeartogivethegeographicallyseparated bill is passed it will be of a character authorizing the Pest-master General to enter into a contract wtth t h e lowestlobby member here, have taken a suit of rooms at Charleston during the convention. Itto generally understood that and copper mines on the westers side of thst TerritoryCongress will not adjourn over for either of the conven- tions. But very few members of Congress are elected a s delegates to Charleston.Governor Richardson,of HI., Douglas" right has arrived here en route for Charleston.WASHINGTON, A p r il 9 , 1 M 0 .are drawing to that section a population which, before the expiration of two years, will demand the erection i s the Carson Valley country of a new State.Thus, before three years ar* over from thto d a y w eshall moat likely have fire new free States added totheUnion, to wit: Kansas, Nebraska, Jefferson (Pike's Peak),Nevada (Carson V alley), and Washington. There e s s boJ. B. Henderson, J. W . Mcllhany, K. F. Lakeman,G. A. Sherman, John B. Clark, * A. A . King, G.P.Dorrto, James Craig,Wm. Douglas,N. C. Claiborne, P . & Wilkes,J . A . Scott,J. C. Csrwia,J . F . Meats, A . Hester, J.B.Claxdy,John M. Krum, Samuel B . Churchill.618. Ia rotation to the Colonial History of the State of New York. ^619. To establish t h e grade o f Flathuah aveaue, ia tad city of Brooklyn, and to conform the adjacent aad toter* sect ng streets thereto.Disaster o n tits Sound.LOSS OF THB SCHOONER A. L. TACKKB, OP MBW Up'very little reason, then, to doubt for a moment that at the eeatactionoftheLegislaturewillproveinjurioustothe MondaytntheBoute—AMUtakeintheIndictmentagainst endofthenextadministrationweshallstandtwentytwoFork—John Cbvoae'i Hands FuO—Tm Ford and JUs.cCc-the ProHouse.8. Packer, arrived to tola city from New London yester- day afternoon, to the great astonishment aad joy of a large circle of friends who had during the day given him up as tost. From an interview wtth him test evening, we. learned the foUowtof facto to relation to the unfortunate affair : -verily believes, and he charges the truthto be, that the discovered a large schooner close upon them, sad ofIllinois,hasInformedhisconstituentsthathetowilling saidMaryW.,onsomedayordaysduringthemonthsof approaching at fearful speed. The near proximi-to serve them another term to the United States House of February, March, April, May and June, to the year test ty of the vessel when 'discovered, rendered s oolhsioa Representatives. aforesaid, but on what day or days in particular, your ora- unaviodable. a a d tb e Packer w a s strucknearly 1DoruLASi\TBSSOCTB.—TheChicagoTimet,theLittle tortoignorant,didcommitadulteryandhavecarnalcon- ships,aadsunktothreeminutes. CaptainFmay be entertained with a magnificent r o w . Such were the brain was filled with extravasated blood. Death had theanticipationsamongtheinitiativespectatorsinthegal- evidentlybeenproducedbythisinjurytothehead.Giantshemeorgan,gives the following extract froma private letter from a gentleman in North Carolina —nection with the said David Stuart, at the said city of Chi- cago,inthecountyofCook,aforesaid. 4states that after ac unsuccessful attempt to fromtbewreck,be,wtthothers,jumpedastie, and went down quite a distance, coming o p directly against the bottom of the more fortunate vessel, wbJca provedtobe a targe schooner, cahedtheYanks*Boy,lery. The carman who brought deceased to the hospital wasman's report was brought on—tbe fear that it might oth- erwise be published in the New York papers before its de-nomination. His prospects are increasing dairy, and par-ticularly in the South, where a very evident reaction istaking place. Ia one abort month, the period of my ab-sence from home, a number of gentlemen, the leadingmen in fact In our town, who, when I left in March, wereopposed to the nomination of Mr. Douglas, are now connection with the said David Stuart, at the city of Chi- clamorousforbisnomination. Whattotruehere,totrue cago,totbecountyofCook,aforesaid.Mr. Hickman gets in his report. He reads it himselfsir. Cbuwvosn, (dem.) of Go., was satisfied that no quo- from tbe Clerk's desk. It to a drowsy document. Tbe yesterday morning, under circumstance* which left n eNew* from Jamaica. adultery and have carnal connection with the said David THB HON. WM. QIBOD CONYICTKD OF FOBOKIT AND Stuart; and the said Mary W. did at various times duringrsss » u preeeai, and therefore moved to adjourn tillTueo day is sultry, too—Hickman to evidently a bore. Somo doubt of his having been accidentally drowned. CoroaerSENT TO PRISON FOB THREE YEARS.The intelligence received o n Thursday b y the Africa, from Kingston, Jamaica,to remarkable but for one fact, and that is the trial and conviction of the Hon. William Girod, editor and nominal proprietor of the Colonial Stand- ard and Jamaica Despatch, tor forging o n Jonas Hart andthe year 1868, and at various times during the year I860, and since that time, commit adultery and have carnal connection with the said Stuart, at the said city of Chica- go, to tbe county of Cook, aforesaid.Your orator upon bis belief, further charges that the said Mary W., between tbe 14th day of October, 1867, and the 17th day o f January, I860, did commit adultery a n d have carnal connection with divers other persons, whose names are unknown to your orator.day Be was determined the House should transact no assesses without a quorum, If there was power to enforce she rates.Mr.Hoisrrox,(dem.)ofAla.,saidastheHouseyester any refused to adjourn till the 20th of April he was in hsver ef rematsing here and doing something. They seals est en Sach bills aa were reported in accordance wtth the estimates, and about which there was no contro-Scbirmer held an inquest upon the body of deceased.MrCtswterd'amotionwasnegatived—25againstM. it;lethimgotobedearly.Mr.Houston,ofAlabama,bis belief, further charges that the said Mary W., on some day or days] during the month of August, to the year 1859, but on what day or days in particular your orator isunabletostate,in the townofGuilford,to tbecountyIWSSKMS ORX.VTEI". TheBousepassedthe Senatebill grantingapensionofarty cellars per month each to the wldowa reapectirely .rGeneralsMacomb,SmithandRiley.readanelaborate minority report,sustaining thePresi- dents protest, at the close of which the House adjourned. Thesubjectwill be postponed to some futureday,and when taken up again we may expect a great debate upontheimportant awueinvolvedbetween the rightsoftheadulteryandhadcarnalconnectionwtthaperson,orwith persons, whose names are unknownto your orator.CaptHemmingwsy,althoughayoungman,to<one of the best coasting commonders oat of thto port,I webelieve,tothisinstance,noblameto attachedtohim byfasownera.of the members are inclined to sleep—one member goesto sleep during tbe reading. But the cream of the pot Ureached at last, the closing resolution, which declaresthattbeHousetorightandthePresidentwrong,andIbvhe wants to play the autocrat, and break to flinders tbe No. 1 Jackson street. Before the flames were extra liberties of a free people, and all that sort of thing.feels proud of it He has acted as Master Covode's as sistant attorney of the House against bis old friend Mr. Buchanan, and if Mr. Hickman can sleep, ail the better forpany. Tbe building is owned by Mr. Barclay; Itto dam aged about $150. The basementto occupied by Solomon Kahauerasacapstore;lossbywaterabouttoo.No insurance.Kiss is WEST THIRTYTHIRD STREET.—Between two and three o'clock on Friday morning a fire broke out in the threestoryframesoapandcandlemanufactoryofGeorge andJohnT.Stalnthorp,inWestThirtythirdstreet,betweenthat itis possible to conceive. Mr. Girod is one of themost talented and distinguished men whichJamaica has ever produced, AS a classical scholar, alinguistand a periodical writer—to say nothing of hislegislative ability and journahstie talent, knows and ap- of New Haven, in the State of Connecticut, committed preciatedinEnglandaswellasinJamaica—hestoodwith-TUBXUMASKAOOSTSWSDSUKTIOS.Mr. CAMFHJSLL. (rep) of Pa., from the Committee on resolution will be finally adopted to evident from the ac Tenth and Eleventh avenues. Theflamesspread rapidlyAndyour oratorlurther showsthatbehasbetnigno- rantoftbecommission oftbeaforesaid acts ofadal- tery, or either 01 them, or of any other acta of adulteryDections, maue a report on tbe Nebraska contested seat ease coneludinf w'th a resolution that Samuel G. Dally, •stead of Mr Rostabrook, is entitled to the seat as the delegate.PBJVATS U L U .A aumber ol private bills were passedA nasi CLASSsjteios TO SARIUNIA.Mr BiRLUHIASB. (rep.) of Mass., Introduced a resolu- ttes, which w as passed, instructing the Committee on foreignAffairstoInquireintotheexpediencyofraisingShe Sardinian mission to one of first class. Adjourned till Monday.Onr Washington Correspondence. WASSIJIOTON, April 5, I860.The Re*. Mr. Lotejgy Makes a Bold Push in the House forAbolition S'Uoriety. and Gains hit Point—SomethingPresidentandthepowersoftheHouse. TttatHiccman's Uon of the committee—all tbe odds and ends o f the oppoand before the fire w a s extinguished t b e building w a s totally destroyed: loss on stock and fixtures about $4,000. insured for $2,600 in the Exchange Insurance Company Tbe building is owned by the estate of Oliver H. Lee. loss about $2,0CO, said t o b e Insured. Tbe Are also ex tended to the tenement house owned by William Wail Damage about $50—insured for $2,800 in the Hanover Insurance Company.More Expected— The Mormon Polygamy BUI a Death success of the black republicans, all the other SouthernBlowattheSenate—SovereigntyoftheKansasNebraska States will support theregular nominee, eventhoughanion thereon having concurred hi his report anti Lecompton and Southern opposition.republican,1he Presidential elements here are approaching a crys tattzation. Mr. Douglas has the advantages among t h e democracy of the largest number of deleg ates by far ot any candidate of that party for the Charleston nomlnt bon,andot the most numerous body of engineers, pipe layers, trumpeters and drummers. Their game ia the gameofbragorbluff. TheyaresureoftheConvention. They will have about eighty votes to begin with, and Douglas, they happen to know, is the second or third choice of the Maryland, Virginia, North Carolina and Tennessee delegates. They m ay beat about tbe bush upon Honter, Breckinridge and others, but they will bebis long and well known services, and In con- sideration of bis unequalled ability as a criminal lawyer, appointed him chief Police Magistrate, at a salary of $2,500 a year. It was tbonght that this, with the proceedsof his paper, would keep him and bit family tn a oomforta ble position. The sequence has unfortunately shown the contrary. Having involved himself in a variety of embar- rassments, he concluded by committing the terrible crime, for which h e has been sentenced t o imprisonment andadultery wss committed without the consent, connivance, privity, or procurement of your orator.In consideration whereof, and to the end that the said Mary W. may full, true and perfect answers make to all and singular the premises, and that the marriage between your orator and the said Mary W. may be dissolved and a divorce decreed according t o t h e statute in such case provided:agatest the PresMsni expressed lisWe team NEW8PE0MWASHINGTON. j»r*f«sAgamtt1stRtfortofOuPrinting SjnikCornnut House. Thtoviewoftt*subject,at ^ ° ^ > TM BXTTS.-AbarnbelongingtoCharlesB.Davie,siCoteerd, erewaiflConfidenceAmongthtDouglasMmtanXmmmnu J^Mf^aiBrtMr. Hiadxsss, a member of the committee which bad after the Convention. But the ready W*TM?* « • £ gang of the Sanborn sympathizers just after tbe late Since tbe departure of the delegates for rhsitostnsi, tbe FordbeforeR,intendstoprotestagainsttbereportof Vallandigbamtoproceed tothe^derationof ttttobssl- arrest,aswasstooanotherprominentdemocrai the feelingamongthedemocratstogaininggrounddailythatnthatcommitteewhenthe•abjectcomesupforconsidara- nessonMondaynextdissipatesthisMenofa^*? Sanhoraitoaarecarrytogthingswithahighheadin StephenA.DouglastothecomingmanforthePresidency,r^T-~.J"" ••—TatMU proposes to remove th* ^ tteaSBThursday.Mr.HindmnnnakedFordwhoShehisparttoshovethtoquestionmr.»Mfairtoc^»£, aadneverwereabodyofmenmorelangnin*thattheirauthoritiesofparties were with whom he had contracted to divide the Sfetore. thst Mr. Vattandighamhi ready to •«&»«*? causettf, after the example of their prototype, old John rocandidate would b e nominated than were the afceesaid forsrhttiBf spoils before his election as Printer. Ford :rt- protest of'the President agatest the Corode " £ £ « £ Brown, threatening to tar aad feather democrato, h eemotion, sosstosecure votes and get rid of oppomUoo, Some correspondents have attempted to ridkmle thto Ih- qsiry; butit comes with a badgrace in view of the eorrent nasors o s th e rebtoct. M r . Hlnd- msn ssbmittel a rost>tatkm thai Fords refusalIt spproprtotes a miBtea of *snmn'tnm> « of the city. and gives un<^tiolled^.„ Jone hundred thousand. Tbe remit, therefore. Will be the erection of two free States out of Kansas Territoryto toad of one. Sach will be the effect, and sueb is, doubtless, the object of thto Wyandot constitution.It so happens, too, that thto bill for the division of Kan- sas into tw o free States to really demanded by wemxv graphical character o f t h e country. Between the settled portions of Eastern Kansas and the Pike's Peak gold region there i s a wide interval o f about four hundred miles, of what to aomettmes called "the great American desert"—an uninhabited, treeless and arid sandy prairieregion—tbe terror even of tbe hardy pioneers of the West. On this account, even if Kansas were now ad mitted upon her original boundaries, Congress wouli hegates have been instructed to cast their votes for dele-people of Pike's Peak a State or a Territorial government to themselves.filed In the Circuit Court yesterday :—To tbe Honorable Gaoatai MAxaxasa, judge o f the CircuitCourt of Cook county, to Chancery sitting —Humbly complaining showeth your orator, Isaas H. Burch, of the city of Chicago, county of Cook, aad State of Illinois, and now the husband of Mary W . Burch, that on or about the 26th day of May, in the year ono thousand eight hundred and forty eight, your orator intermarried wtth the said Mary W. Burch, to tbe city and county ot Albany, to the State of New York, and has continued to"*". Burch from such period until live With the said Msry W,shortly before the present time as her husband; thst im - mediately after such intermarriage tbe said Mary W. r moved to Chicago, and that from the time or such removal your orator and the said Mary W. have been, and at the timeandtimesofthecommissionoftheadulteryhereinafter set forth, they were and now are inhabitants o f aad reei- denta in this State; and your orator further shows that dur- ing thto intermarriage with the said Mary W., she has hadperly tbeflcteresta of the cay; but he prefers te steao hM objections te It on the broad ground that ttto aatdoideceased's skull was fractured near the left ear, and thatF i r e s i n MOST Y o r k . FIXEISJACKSONSTKIXT.—Abouttwoo'clock onFridaymorning a fire occurred in the segax store of Peter Dauscb,Douglas be the man. And he will be the man. It H A special meeting of tbe Now York Historical Society left his wife and ten children, many of whom are fully able to equity:Bill—The Douglas Engineers Alarmed at the Southern Popularity if Oen. Jo Lane, etc.Tbe " scene" connected with tbe violent abolition harasgne ef tbe Rev. Mr. Levejoy to-day was the nearest peesible thing to a general row of anything that has oc eurred atnee tb e dropping of Haskin'a pistol. Of this aeene to day you will have received tbe details But the moralremainstobetoldtbe very thing he *oald have most desired. He was Mr. Douglas at Charleston, we shall have four candidate!) Insufls Meridians Atgue Indlce Maris Nuper Iuventto, falhSg isto obscurity, like Helper, and now, like Helper and four parties to the field, viz . Mr Douglas as th- translated b.v Rev. John Mulligan, and presented to the he rtoea into a nourishing notoriety from the very flatter- Charleston candidate. Mr. Jefferson Davis as the Souther* society by Mr. Lennox. The thanks of the membertright* candidate, Judge McLean aa th e republican candi were given him for his gift. There was also preeeate l ing attentions bo has received in the House. T o be sure, date, and John Bell as the Southern opposition candi iate to tbe society a bullet mould that w a s used tn makinggrown up, to pine in bitterness and'sorrow over thto terrl. ble fall of a man whose place in society tt will be bard in- deed to fill.N e w s f r o m S o u t h A m e r i c a . [From the London Times, April 4. ]The steamship Tyne arrived at Southampton yesterday at 4 A. M. Her dates were:—Douglas or a democratic defeat, and the party are true to "the cohesive power of the public plunder.''Thto is tbe Douglas game. But here to a promisen'.man among the Southern rights democracy, or fire-eaterswas held last evening .at their new building, corner o: Second avenue and Eleventh street.At half past seven the meeting was called to order byAnd your orator will ever pray, &c.Isaac H. Burch; the plaintiff in thto case. Is a native of Herkimer county. New York, and at an early agere mored to Albany, where he was for some time employed as clerk in a bank of which Mr. Ersstus Corning was an officer, during which time h e became acquainted with Miss Mary W. Turner, a niece of Mr. Corning, whom be had adopted. In 1847, Mr. Burch removed to Chicago, where, in connection with his brother, Thomas Burch, he organizedtheChicagoBankofJ.H.Burch&Co,whichif you please. We sound him. He is ready to answer the President, and the minutes of the last meeting harini.No, sir; we hare no idea of the nomination of Mr been read by the Secretary and approved of, a numberDouglas W e make n o noise, because o u r course of letters were read from correspondents, and the donahas been resolved upon W e must have some tion of some very rare and valuable bonks and papers wereother man than Mr. Douglas, and some other docacknowledged. Among them was a book descriptive of the secondvojageofColumbustothiscountry,takenin H94. Theut!eisasfollows—"NtcolausSyllacius,IkBuenos A y r e s — March 1 Pernambuco Montevideo — 2BoliviaRio de Janeiro.... — 10 Paraguay Bahia — 14.March 16Feb.26Feb. 'JO institution heto still carrying oa, havtog been sole pro to see, and to their surprise, tt turned up te be a fullaboutMay.HrsTKR FORPMBIDKST—VTe, are informed, saystheMacon (G a.) Telegraph, that Senator Toombs, who h a sguished the stock was damaged to the extent of aboutMrHickmansubsides.Hehasdoneagreatthing,and 9200.Insuredfor*5C0intheBoweryInsuranceCom CustosofStGeorge.Thecasetoaboutthemostpainful Andyouroratorbywayoffurtheramendment,uponFIBSISCSSTRESTREET—Between fourandAveoclockon Friday morning, a fire was discovered In t h e clothingstore of Abraham Marx, 214 Centre street. The flame.- hard laborfor three years. Onhisarraignment he pleaded wero soon extinguished. Loss about $60, insured for guilty, and there was no alternative but the unbendingAnd that your orator may have such further relief inthe premises as shall be equitable, may it please yourHonor to grant unto your orator the People's Writ of Sum wss 266 pounds The driver of the dray—or of thg mons, issuing out of and under the seal of thto honorableCourt, directed to the said Mary W. Burch, thereby com-manding her at a certain day and under a certain penaltytherein to be expressed, to be and appear before yourfl.OCO in the Rutgers Insurance Company. Ernestin penalty of the law The Hon. Mr. Hosac* and Mr. Hart ready at the right time to strike for Douglas and victory. Marx, wife of the proprietor of the store, was arrested by endeavoredto save him, but the manager of the bank washorse . attached to tbe dray—then very innocently remarked, 'Master, date de curiosect box I ever saw; for every time I roll it over, the heavy side come down." The agent thought it a curious box too; bnttimewaspressing,andheseatitdowntothedepot of the Loutoviile and Nashville Railroad, wbeaee tt de- parted on tbe first train. What could tt eontetor What had Mrs Thompson been getting to Nasbvliiel Who could she be: And who wss Mr. Coffimf The swift winged express did not wait to ask these questions It bore the curious box along towards its destination, aad ia doe time landed It at Loutoviile. Here tt wm haflrart over to Jeffersonville and hurried 00 10 Seymour. At toy- mcur another change of cars was necessary, and as thg box waa hastily rolled from the Jeffersonvttteto theCin- cinnati and S t Louis train, the top accidentally cams off, and out popped—what.- For the life of you yoa couldn'tguess.Astartled crowdgatheredaroundfurthermore, ray the Douglas men, we expect to lose the vote of South Carolina in the event of his nomination but that is all. Between the regular nominee and tbethe police of the Fourteenth precinct, and detained u await the Fire Marshal's investigation.New York Historical Society*inexorable, and the result has been as we have stated. Mr Girod was very highly connected One of hisbrotherstorectoroftheparishofSt.David,andheto Honor,tothishonorablecourt,thenandtheretoanswer connected by marriage and descent with some of the old- the premises and to stand to and abide such order and estandmost honorable familiesin theisland. He has decreethereinasyourHonorshallseemmeetandagreeto as ordinary sense, there to nothing very flattering is Of course this arrangement would result in the complstt- bullets from the head of the statue of George the Fourth,sach compliments as " lying scoundrel," " negro stealer,'' destruction of the democratic party, but we, the Sosthsrr that stood in the Bowling Green during the Revo Marshal Santa Cruz, formerly President of Bolivia and for the daughter of his adoption, rn person had been turned up so thst be was head downward, aadrights democracy of the cotton States, are prepared fo- ••perjuredniggerthief,'"infernalabolitionliar,''"mi-thiealternativeInpreferencetoasurrendertoMr.Doug lution.TheSecretarystatedthatthepedeataalro Minister in France of the said country. the lady was exceedingly prepossessing to appear thus be made the trip from JefsersonvUle to Ssymosr, InBuenosAyresthequestionofitsIncorporationwithacce,andhasforalongtimebeenrecognizednearlyfiftymiles.ButforthemishapatSeymooria*Mr. Newton McCluie, of thto city, and was shipped by a free negro named Nathan James. Whether Jims* had anyaccomplicesor aotwearenetinformed Themat- ter will be thoroughly sifted aad we suspect asms agent of tbe negro stealers will be found te have had ato itPersonalIateIlls;ea.ee. Senator 8. Feci, of Vermont: Senator W. P. ..of Maine. Hon. Eli Thayer, of Msrsachusettt; Capt tt Johnson, of the East India Company's service, sad C W . Cbapln, Esq., of Springfield, are stopping at the Astef HouseGov. Randall, of Wisconsin; H. Crocker, Bsq, of Wis- consin W . H . Stedmaa, Bsa , a n d D r . Hayward, o f Booon.,areetoppinfattheFifthAvenueHotel.AmongstthepassengersbytheNorthStaryesterday, for California, were Maw Davenport t h * a steam and dra- mafsi. her mother, and Col lender of Poster Pryof celebrity.Mas Lizzie Petit read, b y parttester request, a r e m scenes from Shakspere before the Phtokimatheaa Lttsrarf Society on Thursday evening The reading was admirably done, and met with enthusiastic applause from tt* audience.serableaboitiioaooward,""bangyouashighasJohn lasandsquattersovereigntyOn tbe other hand, the most ultra of our Southern met- are readr to give a cordial support to any such Northernouwhichihestatuestood,wasatpresentinJerseyCity, opposite the Van Voorst mansion, and that the aocietv were taking measures to have it removed and put underfewhoursheSlighthavebeendeliveredtefiaflarses'j probably te he buried—probably to take a further tripoa underground railroad Canada wardBrews,'' esc so on, as applied, in the course of his reks, to the reverend abolition orator; but all thto to csnuidate as General Lane of Oregon, or Dickinson or their care.theConfederationcontinuedtobediscussedbythepress with much ardor. The Liberal party to the convention bad obtained some advantages.first, in electing a special18 etear profit. It advertises him; it gives him a no New York, or any other man representing the principl* Ihe reports oi the various committees were handed in,tlon; and,secondly, In the report of this committee re- ciety, end bad a thunderbolt fallen among them theytortety which makes a great man ef aim before his abobstea coastiiuenie Indeed, from tbe manner of tbereverend gentleman, as be stood among the crowd of beagerentt is the area ia front of the Speakers chair, weaosoocttbat,likethelimbofthelawintbeplay,bewasasmoon to be assaulted, so that he might get up a ease publicans within a dsy or two. He is already, as chairof Mr Buchanan's administration, especially on tbe qjues and tbe names of new members read, William C. BryantticsofslaveryintbeTerritories. Andbeforeanynom beingchosenwithout adissenting voice,asanhouorar.. acceptancebyBuenosAyres. Asittonotprobable that whenthedevelopmentsrelatingtothe applicationfordi-commending many reforms to the constitution before Us would have been no more astonished than they were nation » made, we shall require tn the piat/orm the un me mber. A vote of thanks was tendered to several gen the Confederation will admit these reforms, fears are en- vorce were made. Mr. Burch to reported to havequalified endorsement of tbe adsaintstratiou aa tbe fait* faithful exponent of the pnnctptos ef the lemocrstic party os thto paramount question of slaveryUemen who had lectured on the "Ancient History of Egypt," and the Secretary reported that but $10,000 r utertained that the union may be postponed time die.Four of the steamers forming the Buenos Ayreaa fleet, badbeencharteredbyprivatecompanies,tobeworked as packets.The government had conceded to i l l . Leltovre th e privilege of making a railway to connect the city with the southern districts of the State, conditions'lv on its being commenced within a year from the date 'of concession.amassed by a studious application to legitimate business somef&oo.COO,aconsiderableportionofwhichtoinvest- ed in improved real estate to the city, aad has always beenlookeduponasanexemplarymantoeveryrelation ofhis life, and the same may be said of Mrs. B ; hence the extraordinary interest attending the matter Beth parties were members of one of ou r fashionable enureses Two children have been the issue of their marriage, bothHOB.JessShermaatotospeaktotheNewYorkrt wastingtopurchasethe"AbbottMuseum."Tbe paper of the evening, a very elaborate and beaunotoriety, and he doubtless feels to night that thto day's a year or two, and the Rhode Island election will have work has re-electe 1htm to Oosfrem. Tto belongs to the suggested to him the policy ot steering clear of tbe "irreTheodore Parker, Beecaer and Cheever school of abolition presaible conflict.'' Sherman * for the republican candi- toncai Society, the meeting adjournedand Rosario. FromtheConfederationwebearthattheelectionforthesecondPresidentialperiodresulted,asanticipated,in u\ or ot Don Santiago Derqul, cideoant Minister or the In-tiler aad Lewis, and Walker and Van Arnam are counsel for Mr. B , and fbr Mrs. B will appear Oorydoa Beckwith,Esq,oneoftbemoateminentlawyerstothe West,wbowillprobablybeassistedbyothercounsel—a leading lawyer from New York city, it to rumored,smrsona, but,wits allUaviolentabolition opinions otteredto-day,hewthprobablybepronouncedadodginr doughface by Lloyd Garrison, in failing to denounce t h edatewhowillwin,andinthisconnection ittopossible thatbemayhaveaconfidential wordortwowiththe New Y orkers o f the tame mind that will s e t them tnObIt nary. EX-GOVMtNOR BOGGS OP MIS80CRI.Lilbura W. Boggs, ex Governor of Mtsaourl, a Califar uian since 1Mb, a much respected and influential citizen,wsderal constitution "a league with death and a covenant thinking of Judge McLeanterior to TJrquixa. Thto election was considered as un- havtog been rttained by Mr. Corning, who fully believeswith beu."like Mr. Seward, Mr. Lovejoy is devoted to the constiButton—he lores it—he loves the Cnion—he would not in-terfere wish slavery a the slave Slates, and all that H e only instttt upon the right freely to agitate the question. a U Helper, ia the Sonth—nothing more. Thto will doubtleas he osssssered a good republican speech by the reverend gentleman* constituents; but for the general purposesoftherepuoltonspartyItwill be alosingbar- gam. I s this view they bare held him back till after tbe Rhode Island and Coaneetioat elections, for the reverend gentleman has bees boiling over with this speech forIt la now supposed that Mr. Covode will attempt to ShowU»at the President had been tampering with Collectorfavorable to the interests oi Buenos Ayres, owing to thenotorious enmity of Derqui to the prominent liberal par-in the innocence of his daughterDavid Stuart, the party named to the petition, is a towyer of prominence to this city, was formerly a resident of Detroit, Michigan, aad was once a member of Congress from that State117S f J S ! ^ ^ f subacription papers of 18M demand*!by the comsjittee.asd hence the justification for the ar raigament of said Sobeli before tbe bsr of tbe House as fbr oontempt of Its authority But it is verv likeir tail Schell like Butterworth, will bs i«*„„ for rofumnVtJoro"dence, in Napa Valley, on the 14th init , at the ags oi sixty three years, after a long illness. The Napa Exporter speaks thus of him —Liiburn W. Boggs was bora in Lexington, Ky. December 14,1700, and removed to Mis souri in 1816 In 1817 he was chosen Cashier of th« UniteIStatesBankatSt Louis,which office he heldfor two or more years. After having served in both brauche- of the legislature, from Jackson county, for several terms, be was elected to the office of Lieutenant Goverthat he contemplated t h e re establishment o f t h e diffe- rential duties sganst Buenos Ayres, unless she joined the Confederation without further delay. Should thto im- politic step be taken. English commerce, now so ac- tive, would at once be depressed, aad it was feared that BuenosAyres would be driven to tbe necessity of declaring herself independent. N o fears were e n - tertained of war again breaking out, owing to the depressed state of the finances of the ConfederationThe City Treasury was robbed of some $26,000 nightbeforelast,whichtoquitealargeitemtntt*presentim Mrs.HartuagwillberemovedfromtheAlbanyjailMP , pr,TM * f f ' ^ J lpoverished condition.The newspaper business of Chicago may, at present, beState prison to a abort Urn*. According to the tenth sec- tion of the act just pasted to relation to capital puatoh- ment, all persons now under sentence of death most bw sent to the State prison for one year, and then me Gover- nor must direct the execution by hto warrant sawnin can take place Tbe special case which thto provteea wssintendedtoreachwasthatofMrsHartuagsewse-aSln - . ^ T a s aSchell was is 18M. The most, we apprehend, thatMr Covode wiU make af this terribw investigation of bis tovied at tbe President, will be a good fat job for MasterAfter the reading of this report, Mr. Hickman moves tot thsiaati the postponement of the whole subject till Tuesday next.leaves a widow and eleven children.Captain WiuiAs Beans, the oldest m as aerbaaa m^ T ^ J » * . ]*P*»«thATtne*re"sideiblmaelf wtth a long spear, cautiously teak a position near Iojtz was anxious tore establish the amicable relations the basement stairs It was not long before the fellows*** P"nci ia that satlhsberto extottog withJStgtond, and had accredited SenorDcu Carlos Cairo as resident Ministerto London, with the came down, when he attacked them. Oas of the bur decomposed as to render identification impossibleaove-fitbe loth met, when Mr. Vaiiaadigham (Douglas dome oral), of Ohio, ia view of a debate extending beyond tbsoh.itct of arranging the questionsto dispute, and of pre glars fired a pistol, the shot taking effect under the toft . , _t-* ten VdstFraioca Darruro —A party of men ssas^tsg w> ' am1, aad tbe other struck him a blow oa the head. They York, wero arrested by the Sixth dntrict pohss ?""'Sostb, whoo f the «*'Protest of the Presideat asthat a gri cral amnesty for all political offence* would at t r raUtill the Tth of May. Alter sesse cosvorositea, mpromsed to the 16th ast., which ttto allow suffldeat time for discussion and object, tot seasoa to allow members who•tears to be hi ttearlestoa at the opening of thewho knew him. Ha had bees bhad f o r m w t L r Yaad tor thst reason bad lived very retired.an.i management of resident Eogltoh engineers found Cox lying bleeding, aad from appearances geriug U>e lives of pedestrians They tare •*f*v"w^r Dates from Montevideo to the 94 or March bring th* nearly dead. Hto wounds war* promptly at- as Martin ChurcbilL_Charles Morrtsf Joss Ottver. wm.* ' * " ' H , as llrThis packet brought 136 passengers, among whom were ago. In 1848 he married Miss Turner, since which time the following from Buenos Ayres:—Senor Don Carlos they have continued to reside in this city Their houseStward the Choice of the gapwHteaai of Hatoofc—tse Stares Divorce Cote—History ef 0m Portia—The City Treasury Bobbed, tec., *V.sew Ctty Hall! Regarding it _the municipal arrangements ofthet cuv 1?£2T+ - *» leisure to examine it than was sesatok A»SJnl? • * • a closirg session, and has, therefore k I 5 u —..***• °* slderationtillnow.Tbereeeonswhkhtorve2^L.°""* bis present conclusions are substantiailv *• a J S TM * *man, a ready debater, and one who, although hat a shorttime before the public, has already mad* hit mark;whea a million of dollars h-a^fr*"* 1 priated for th* neoe«.«^~-^l *? > * • works, two inuncas 1Vrsonru JCMCIU Kucnon.—Fourteen Judge! are to aad Hon. Richard Yates, of Morgan county, aa ex mem- three millions tofumeventually cost 1 Judges in th* State to twenty-one; so that elections will gates to the Chicago Convention favorable to the nomina- without doubt, toof the Court of Appeals,who are electedtor twelve years, and who must be at least thirty-five years old.Gorsxsoaor sUurs—The Lewiston (Me.) Journal an- nounces, as a well understood fact, that Gov. Morrill will not be % candidate for renomination.VIRGISU DZLEGATSB A UNIT —The Richmoad Enquirer declares that Virginia will be a unit in the Charleston Con- vention, a n d thst t h e State delegation will exhaust a ll efforts to effect the nomination o f Southern statesmen be- fore seeking the advancement of any Northern democrat.Miseorn DxixtuTxs t o CMasxssron.—The following a r * th* names of the delegates who win represent the democ- racy of Mtosouri ia the Charleston Coaventtoe :—Ia the matter of the Burch divorce case, tbe plaintiffsbare caused an order from the Court to be served upontbe defendants, requiring them to file an answer on the visit the city offices, would now and for s a m v w £ 2Ibxrcaucair COHVKNTIO.V OF IOWA—The Republican twochildrenbyyourorator,bothofwhom arenowlivConvention of Iowa to nominate State officers and Presi- tog. vis: [Mary W. Burch, whoto of the age of ten yearsdentialElectorswillbeheldinIowaCityonthe23dof andtonmonths,andHarrietComingBurch,whotoofthe CaptWlllettS.Hemmingwsy,ofthelostaaheeaerA.'And your orator, by way of further amendment, showsthatbeisinformed,andbelieves,andchargesthetruthtoplace,ImeantheCharlestonConvention,allowmetoex- be,thatabouttbetwentyfourthdayofDecember,inthe CaptRisley,ofHartford. Catchingbollofastrayrope,the Hon. Wm. Hooack, of the Executive Committee andout a rival. He was for a long period member of Assem-bly fortbeparish ofSt. George, andwasatonetimeselestedby.thecountryasadelegatetoplead thecauseof tbe colony before tbe imperialgovernment of GreatBritain. He discharged this duty with honor and credit. of said Mary W, until the 17th day Jor January, A. D. A Wish ap e a t h e Underground HalLroad, The " Jamaica Magazine'' was founded and established by 1860, and that be has not voluntarily cohabited with t b e . A N1GOEB BIDES FIFTY sOtiBTB ON H18 HI AD. him. Latterly the government, to appreciation of said Mary W. since the discovery thereof, and that such *' [From the Nashville (Teas ) Patriot, April 17.)Oalvo, Minister Plenipotentiary of tbe republic of Para- upon Michigan avenue and the grounds connected there roiled up sad down like one neariag the gate of the 1 guay to tbe governments of France and England, Signor with, was one of the finest residences in the city, andtaMaxceloCerTuti, Sardinian Minister in the River Plate t o said to have cost over 880,000. Mr. Corning completely after—but tbe fresh air aeon revived 'the governments of the Oriental and Argentine republics; furnished tbe house throughout, as a marriage portion the box from the Loutoviile to the Jefforsonvilleas a leader oftbe ton to Chicago Exceedinglypopular, and possessing all the attainments requisite ia afashionable lady of modern times, her society wessoughtcommittee to examine the constitution of the Confedera alter by all desirous of moving in the first ranks of so- The negro was taken back to Louisville He belong! «read, alluding to bis rare qualities ss a man and the high Application bad also been made fbr permission to lay Eils, aged respectively eleven and two years. Hoyne,achell, and that beaee his refusal to produce certain and prominent politician of the State, died at his reel ty in that State. Already it w a s confidently reportedWassmuros,April10,»«o.1ottos, near the Mtosouri border; and partly because The President's Protest—V^ Douglas Democrats—Kam Oalitornto and settled in Sonoma; he Ailed the office of dollars, giving as security a portion of the rental of allder sentence of death.r of to d a y h a s found this intense abolition, a profitable investawat is his district.The Tarts" MH being now the regular order kt Committee «fteeWaste,andthereverendgasilsmssfromIllinoishaving than ted off, wo m ay expect a series of speeches os the sjavsry questKm from both aktes of Mason asi DtxosS hoe and socae damaging broadsides into the flankstat—the Last Act in the Drama—Two Free States fattest' ef One—Pne New Free States to Dome in Within (heiVsafThreeTsars—Fbllyof(hisXmrtKemOutcry Against the Aennttitns of Slavery, dV.Tbe well considered minority report of Mr. Miles ToyAlcalde of that district until the organization of our Stategoveroment. In 1849, he waa chosen a delegate to the 1 1 1the Custom Houses of the Confederation.General Juan Bstevan Pedaraera wss elected Vice Pre-Leslie's /CuaYatoi. and 200 New York Mutinied the salts of the other dealers.besidesUnited States Marshal, N ew York; Hoa. tt WtoSt Judge Russell, New York; Capt Shirss, OoLS. A.; Hon. H F . Stoegblon, Vermaet; Bos a . Pexobo, CentralAmerica,weretoWashingtononTboraosyW i l l i a m s b w r g City Rears. Isk-sows Mas rocsD Daowsno—Yesterdaythe body of aa unknown mas, apparently awaafound,floatinginthewateratthelootof<*•**'w .rEasternDistrict. Aninquestwasheld byOu'""; TM»"iy, butno person could be found to W'^^Xrt-ISiverdict of round crewned was rendered. ThejremaiM had been to the water a mag tana, sad •nmjf5 manf ^ E ^ ^ ! ? * Conation, and in 1860 was elected to sident. Ko ministry had been formed when the mail leftineAssemblyfromSonomacounty. In1862heremove: GeneralUrquiza,havingoeasedtobePresident,stillBrooklyn CitySews.C 1 t y < 1 l l d e T O t d h retained the post of Commander in Chief of all the forcesIUKiAG BtracLaav AID PBOSABIS MiEDKS—The rest dence ol Dr. Nelson A. Garrison, on tbe Myrtle avenue Plank road, near Bald avenue, was feloniously entereduJ!i*iSL ^ l '.^ i " * » «»"*•» since that and the (.overnorship ef his province of F.ntre Rice which time ohtofly to the improvement and cultivation of to,aseeanei farm upon which be resiaed at the time of hit he has now heldfor fifteen years, where it was his fixed»otpopularparsonsistheparty deceaseGovernorBoggswasoneofthePioneer*ofdeterminationtoremaintopeace,givinguppoliticsenatanearlyhouronThursdaymorning,byforcingopen«ru>« ,...I>H-,LSt!^^n\S•..H•,,••todayfortheaspto coaatdorod a featbblr-w Mtiast^iMUs*? I S S ^ J 7 measure of lsat-tbe Kansas NobtmsaT^ ^s%T!r*5QtJDMof Oasswessbmai ^wZrvLh-T^SL?11-SO^asmTbill dJenmK.11ymXUiLT^JSS^!* fof that other btuikillnosstnrobefcry.esrrv the aa«^1 ,rB^.' . ^ h " ^ ^ * r g e share in the mouMtof o!the institutions ofthat State Hisnamewilleve?b.Rafted withit.history, asoneofthe^ inutfteen, fiFrcmParaguaywebearthatthewarsteamerTsousri. mannamedOwenCox, whoslepttothefiaanmont He and enersrtic men who aided tn establishing A m e r Wcivilisation upon tthhee Pacific coast G<rvernor Boggf h..ct arrived at Ascension,amidgreat l^ictngs General beard them walk oa the floor overhead, and, armingJudiciary^ ~ "•* fundamental doctrines King-H Mountain (8. C.) Military School tn the 33d yes* of Tbe port of Paysanda, aa the UrusuavPaUbrtek.B W Leekwow<*PesajteaaatiDocumen*****worse, mI D l t r - ,6oto 0 > r J Jaother of Baa. Fraseto Granger sad |»f Ges. John A . Granger, died at'if i J' ?" roigamaoal, £h FteM,/Jmothr<iy, and devoting himself to the management of his tbe sash of one of the front parlor windows The noiseenormousprivateproperty. madebytheburglarsattracted theattention ofahired so long detained in Buenos A yers by the English cruisersventing any future mtoaaeVaratesdlags Therailwayfromthecapitaltotheyerba aadtobaccothe lasteuTfrvoroftheKtne'a<iay appointed for the Charleotoa Ooarenttoa, moved to Virginia to .m. . V a t S - * ^ « & veterenTfrai districts, was progressing rapidly, under the dlrectioa stairs to ascertain the cause of the disturbance, aad ving at a furious rate through the street, thereer •«"*»"uJZLi^ZztZll^.Z** allthen made a hasty retreat Dr.Gamma came down dar,sadtakenbeforeJeaticeRyder,chargoi wito onopened to foreign trade wmymjAsew hthtaeoee hadassa —tnhltohslat PuataaofEste, n**r ibe port of MaMoaaao. rtolbto la, J •Wff" JTML ** buatoem ia Maiden teas,Newlork Cox made a deposit!an to thto effect beforeJustice CerawsB, who called at the boose. The accusedparties wore arrested by officers Lei to aad Smith, o f theNinth ward police. They dsay to ttto moat emphaticmanner that they were at all concerned to the affair hat •to, J DBa*__oa th* contrary, were both in New York oa tbe eight the sMidi-ea. Jae LyoehP Ofelony was perpetrated. The asm af Set aad some silver were aloe stolen from the premtoes, none or which wss found a s their persons Twey were committed to aoslt a further tavretsjattoa. f o x to lying to a precariouscttixecshareaccommodated square, a distance of more thai tan out of the business centre of tbe cityTbe vessel loaded last week at Readout, wtth i cargo of 186 teas of coal, consigned te s a r m iaKeuy.JotmNohmTwB^nre^rB.aadJohattQmiy. ) » * t , Rt•a Tuesday last, at th* age of 10 yearsThomas M. Tryniski 309 South 4th Street Fulton New York 13069www.fultonhistory.comtwelve mi'esThe rightaiooy, Mr sUaeetow aJ5Ctattr». J lateereSseuTn, A 6 Tompsina, Mr wteatow Jao 0 WIU 0 my, Wm E smarten 