 GNEW YORK HERALD.«MWW«MMMAMMaOOIOOI AMDXXVAMvaamn ran BVaunna. AOADauTT OF MTJ8I0,Or»»A-lUUneeatOn*o'clock—Do* FJWAUU[ T ... - • our surplus production, therefore,rj-i f i i»manin iilii.il in iiWalVievident that a.gtfat revolatioB has been effect- ed in the political opinions of the industrialoiiDijr. BHadwaf.-lwramuir n*rom- or i n CLOTH or GOLD.BOWBBT THBATBS. Bo aery.-HICK W m m d - B u u or Dir B)T»-JACK SusrrAEJOon HOBSIBACK.Influence tbe choice of the chief magistrate ofthe House was " a breach of ail those rules of deoency and decorum which should obtain be- tweendifferent departments ofthe samego- vernment for the preservation of that harmony and kind feeling between them which are essential to the easy* and proper trans- action of the public business." ' The report then goes on to show that the proceed- ing against the President was not instituted in good faith, and that it was not based on anyProtection of American Cita**, Abroad.THE OVEBLAHS POSTAL SEEVia,—IfAUAWthem can produce nothing. I t can only assist thenf to greater production of itself. The sac- rifices which our farmers, manufacturers, mer-the eve of the Presidential election, the North-upon the President was adopted when there was not the slightest particle of evidence toCommittee.» * » • » — » — —• — — " m a l B - i a y a j n ,Oneofthemoatsignificantandconclusive riBLO'l aALOOB, Broadway.-Oio. Cnuarrt ktu indications of the successful march of thisin the cheap supply of the markets of the conferences, or conventions, have elected, orworld. But if an absurd and blind fanaticism are now electing, their delegates, who are toshouldsucceedinitsattempttorendthe decidethequestion. TheNewYorkConfer-Union, to impose trammels on our now free ence is important, because it will send and great domestic exchange of products, and seven votes • to Buffalo, and its decision, to turn the enterprise and energies of our which will have a great effect has been lookedThis attack upon the President, then, has re- coiledUpontheheadsofthosewhoengineered it, exactly as the assaults upon Old Hickory always turned out Because Mr. Buchanan is the recognized head of his party, the opposi- tion assails him—to make political capital isrraxia w de«Si. DAXCBS, BCKLBSOUES, Ad - W i n * OOOVSB IK8WTTJTB.—Bxmarno* or PBAI>1 ORIOTWAI.rmriM orVBBOOGKTorUBATB—aJtoraoonandSvaclng.HOnt CBAPIL, 730 Ii.-oauwajt.-aui. T ou THCBS'S Z B t amiAUIMexr—Altarbom and K?eatB*.BATIOBAL OOBOBBT SALOON, BattoiuJ faeatre.- SoBca, Duress, Biiouaoia, Accountry to commercial pre-eminence and power, is found in tbe existing condition of things in the two great money centres—New York and LoDdon—and the flow of exchange between them.people from the paths of peaceful labor to a bloody conflict for the establishment of certain abstract moral aphorisms and exaggerated ideas of the rights of men, the accumulated fruhs of industry, whose benefits we now re-ceive, will be absorbed, and disappear In the universal ruin.SOCIAL EXTRAVAQAKCES ifi MERCANTILE COM-MVMTIES.—We see that the Liverpool papersforward to with more than ordinary interest*The form in which the question will oome up their only object They are aided and abettedAdvices received by the Persia state that OlfBaBDONI 3ALL, 40S dread street-HATTI BIBSTBSIA the rate of interest in London had advancedat Buffalo will be the same as that which the Erie Conference has given it, that body having led the way in the agitation at its annual meet- ing ten months ago. Hence it is called the Erie resolution. It is a proposition to change the rule of discipline which admits slaveholders to -the communion of saints." The conserva- tive portion of the Convention, will resist the innovation, and the conflict which is now be- gunatvariouspointswillthenfiercelyragein the bowels of the church.The delegates to Buffalo have been and will beelectedbytheseverallocalconferences according to their opinions on this question. It is understood that already a majority are elected in favor of the change which cuts off slaveholders from the kingdom of Heaven; but as it requires a two third vote, it Is possible it mayby some fishy democrats of the Forney school,who did not get all tbe spoils they wanted, andso deserted to tbe enemy. That was preciselythe case in Jackson's time, and the black re-publicans would do well to take a page or twoout of history. As for Mr. Buchanan, his repu-Uf SOBO**, OABCBB, BcaLSsass, Ac -SAL B AJa.es. to four and a half per cent, at which price ODBOJT WUllamaburf.— Woon's Minimis ur Itaiorujr money was stringent In Wall street to day,D, Aa—BBW YBAB Cilia.TRIPLE SHEET. •Jew York, Saturday, April 14,1860.T h e H e w s .The affair of honor between Messrs. Pryor andthe rate of interest is five per cent, with a lax demand anda largeoversupplyofmoney seek-tation has stood the test of forty years of pub- thcButterfield line, tbe Post Office Committee beard thalic life without a stain, and nothing his enemies argument of the friends favorable to tbe removal ef tat can Eay will shake the public confidence in Philadelphia Toat office. Tbe subject will be cuapoeet efmeet yesterday afternoon, but it is presumed they able to co-operate with its fellows in the workWehope this ridiculous affairwill not be amountreceivedfromMr.Schtll waseighteenthousand withoutitsmorallessonforthosemembersof Avehundreddollars,madepayabletohis(Mr.Putt's) Congress, on either side of the House, who have order, which was likewise paid out by order at Forney. , attempted to cover up their ignorance of the They then branched off in regard t3 the fraudulent voting,isfeltastowhowillbeselectedaschiefclerk,itcandidate for Speaker of the United States Houseof Representatives, made his debut before a New sympathies and hatreds place upon communi- York audience last evening, at the Cooper Insti- cation between communities. tute,undertheauspicesoftheYoungMen'sRe-publican Club. Wegive in another part of to day'spaper a full report of Mr. Sherman a speech, to-tenure of those magnificent mansions by the decision, the debate having been adjourned is all very well for fellows like Pryor, who ujedforUiepurpjeeofniaJtiiigfraadulent nAtwalixttioe families of our commercial aristocracy did not till to-day; but from the tone of the proceed- abuse women and non-combatants, until some papers? H e answered emphatically, no. They Baked exceed three years. It takes, in fact, only ings there is every indication that a split will fine day when they wake up the wrong passen- him whether he was aware Out fraudulent papers wereissued by tbe Court- He said h e did not believe there thatbriefperiodtoruinthegreatmajorityof takeplaceinthisConferencealso,andthatthe gerandhavetoeatdirt Thelessonis-awhole- ewldbewithouthisknowledge. Couldanyonehave the persons whose ambition to cut a dash and division will probably be extended to the some one, and we hope that it wUl have a good access whereby fraudulent papers could - be issued? He live in palatial mansions outweighs the sug- whole Church at the Buffalo Conference. Thus effect upon Congress, and keep the bullies replied that it was impossible for him to say what peo-thepeatthreeweeks. Theshipwasgaylydressed with bunting, and the visiting party were received with aOthe honor) by the officers of the corvette.the shape of accumulated wealth. This is abundantly evident in the contact presented in the crops of cotton and hay. It has beengoldfur-plyandthespeculationwhichitin- Notwithstandingtheeffortsoftheblackrepub-lican organ, to put a good face on things, thereWepubHahinanothernurt«#*^ .P**rmillionsofdollar*. Aportionofthisreturns in a form for consumption, bnt a largo portion also comes back in the shape of accumulated ca-appears that the African Baptist church of Au-phens en Thursday evening. It would be curi-ous to know the reason why the Aldermen re-mB<*va ln abtolWc«SI i^^^d f», toFor the moment enterprise of every sort seemsmeetatLoudon inJulynext Anspproprtotion ofAvethousand dollars is ssked to defray the expensea toes***rw...«~TlTT** *••»**totheCharlee- ton Oonenttoa, which 1gusta,Georgia,ownsitsminister,thecongrega- tobeatastandstill..andthis without anyof jectedthree suchcompetent andrespectableImportantVoik to bo tbe Great Centre of Com- m e i e e .FinsmclalRevolution—Sewthe main one of the document was required.Nothing moreemong these causes the entire freedom of ournot by the fierceness of wolves, savage even when they wear sheep's clothing.they really cannot have anything to do with vails a deep feeling among some of tbe leading men who a person who plays with such nasty edged have been here and are now here, that if Dougtoa shouldNEW YORK HERALD, SATURDAY, APRIL 14, I860.-TRIPLE SHB8T.Orsod J o y rendered a tree bill efAlbert W. Hicks, alias Johneon, for robbingarr,of the oyeter sloop B. A. Johnson, onthehigbseaa. The offence is a capital one, pun- foreign countries, the different phases of active occasionally bought and sold for what their ishablewithdeath.Afterthereadingofthein- industrywithinourbordersmight,andwould, servicesareworth?dictment,theprisonerwanremandedfortrial. causetliocapitalof^tkooowitrytoftOOMiilfttoTheGermanDemocraticCentralClubofthecityof New York (Tammany wing) held their regularturist, the labor of the manufacturer, the en- middling uplands: ordinary and poor grades were terprise of the merchant, the skill of the arti-Presidential election. As the democrats are to the Forney-Haskin clique; so that the blankFlour was again active and firmer, while sales were pretty freely made, chiefly to the domestic trade, and some purchases were made for export. Southern flour wan also In good request, and closed at firmer prices. Wheat was lees active and buoyant, with fair sales making, including some lots for shipment. Cora was heavy and less active, while sales were fair at rates given In another column. Porkwasmoreactive,andrather firmer, with salesof newmessat$1702xa$1768,andnewpruneat$14asan and the energy of the miner. These pro-ducecapitalofthemselves,butcapitalwithout Chicagonextmonth,sotheMethodistEpiscopal upon thePresident Thereport says verythe natural advantages of soil, climate, institu- Madaee at On* o'Clock—La TKITUTA. B Teniae—COSJOUJU. $14 12>,'. Sugars were more active, with sales of about tions, and greater exertion of energy and en-WIlTTwB OABDBW. Broadway.LIMOJI—To PASXKTB AJIB GIURDIAXJ-BOBSBT BUCUBB.WAIXACI'S THFATBS, Broadwaj.-LAVAtsa-BTBRT •ODT'I Fain*.LAUBA KXIXCS THBATBI, IM Brakdirtr-OouJEUr BAYS.NEW BOWBBT, Bowery.—TBS LAMPuaimsr-WALLAGI IOITH THAT MBTBB BAW A WOBUB—Men** 3oo»s.MBS. BBOCGHAaTS THBATBB, 444 Bread say—TH* BjTAl*.BAunnrs AMBBIOAB MUSICM. Broadway-o*rand Br«atat—LABV or LTOBS—JBAJUS DKAKS—LITIKO CDSIOM tias,Ar-BBIANTW MIBBTBBLB, lteeanntaB' HAH, t T l Broad way. -BcajLaaaias, tor04, DAJCBS, Ao.-Tas Snunein.1,5to hhds. on terms stated elsewhere. A portion wassaid to have been purchased on speculation. The stlns of terprise'. The levelling of the rate of interestthe quadrennial Conference to bear in a spe- cial manner on that question, and the Episco- pal Methodists being by far the most numerous body of Protestants in the Union, their action assumes a highly important aspect*o.A c,A c v;**••coffee embraced about 5,000 bags Bahia, on private t e n s ' and a cargo of Rio, on board vessel in Hampton. Rjads, was sold here, deliverable in Baltimore, on terms given in another place. Freights were steady, with fair engage- ments. Among the (shipments were 26,000 bushels wheat to G'argcw, and aome 2,000 bbls 'flour to Liverpool, atrates given elsewhere.removes this drawback, and enables us to dedi- cate all our energies to the field of competition in t b e developement o f natural resources. This point being turned, we shall be able toOur Special Waihlnajtoa ] WaaHnraTOic, April IS, ttM.ing employment This is, in practical results, are assailing vehemently the social extrava-an equalization of the rate of interest in the twogreatcentresoffinancialoperations,andtown. They say that to such a height are luxu- dent causes in both countries, it csn only be rious living and rivalry in expenditure carriedthat it but too frequently happens that for- lookeduponananindicationoftheincreaseof tunesaremadeanddissipatedinthelifetimeflowing as it does from natural and indepen-their tried and trusty servantPRYOR SHOWS THE WHITE FEATHER,—We publishelsewheretheparticularsofthelast Pickwickian duel at Washington. The parties were Pryor, of Virginia; and Potter, ef Wis- consin,bothmembersoftheHouse. Tbeaffairis quite fresh in the minds of the public. O n last Wednesday Pryor attempted to Dully Pot-Potter, members of Congress, respectively from accumulated capital here to an extent which of those by whose industry they have been Virginia and Wisconsin, has ended without a smell makes it equal, in its relations to the greatofgunpowder. Alltheparticularsoftheaffairthat field of employment,to theaccumulatedcapi- accumulated. Insteadof observing' astyleofment of the Albany Police act. The vote on the domestic trade from every impost restriction New York Department of Public Charities was re-considered. The Supply bill was considered and or artificial stimulus or restraint of any kind,amended. The New York Police Court and City and its extension, through the guaran- Ball acts were ordered to a third reading. In the tees of the constitution and the Union, Assembly numerous reports were made, including over an extent of soil and a range of climate theQuarantinebill.Seeourreportsanddespatchesembracingagreaterabundanceandvarietyoffor details. natural productions than are to be found in anyThe/Governor has vetoed the bill providing forthe sale of the West Washington Market property bare enumeration of these natural products Twenty years ago we could only count about gained the suit, and with it tbe bitter enmitytothecity. covers,withasurplus,withthesoleexceptions andhostilityoftheChurchNorth,whicheverIn the Court of Appeals yesterday the judgments half a dozen millionaires; to-day we can numberin the Lemmon slave case and the Quimbo Appo of sugar, coffee and tea, the entire range of the them by hundreds. But it is equally true that since has periodically renewed the anti-slaverycrueado. and is in t* great measure responsible lor the present deplorable condition ofstaple requirements of civilized society forcase, against the appellants, were affirmed. Theground for such decisions is, that in cases of felony food, raiment and use. Under the advantages no criminal court has the power to grant a new of a free anJ untaxed exchange of these natu- trial on the merits. ral-productions throughout the wide extent ofThe New Board of Police Commissioners did not the Union, every branch of industry has beenwithout its exciting almost asy comment. Whenwill organise onMonday. Mr.Bergen wasnot of self-developementandtheelevationof the LordNapierwashere,heobservedoftheFifth issplittingalso theNorth into twosub-divi-debts, and from the restraints that dynasticIn the secondary rank of causes for our rapid commercial developements w e must class the greatsurplusproductionofstaples,whichwedoeseven-handedjusticecommendthein-straight,fortheremainderofthissessionat plemightdoiftheychose.The/thendesiredtotaew gredientsofthepoisonedchalicetoherown least Theycangatoffalltheirsuperfluous whath»retottonawarewithtbdPresidettf Hereplied,getherwithotherproceedingsofthemeeting.MayorWood,accompaniedbydeputationsfrom havebeenabletoattainunderthebenignin- incomes.fluences we have just cited. If, instead of hav- ot other gentlemen, paid a ceremonious visit ing a pnrplus of production in these staples, wekindly as I bepe. They have been ever since I have known han.Mr. Plitt also testified that h e received, in ISM, fromplace for it As for the mock duel, it is quite W. C. N. Swift, of New Bedford, Mass., about sixteen thousanddollarsfortheabovenamedelection,withtheserious encounter, according to the code, be- understandiug that Plitt was to use his influents, if theboth Boards of the Common Council and a numberlips.trash during the Presidential oanvass. The stump, not the floor of the House, is the properAn interesting account of the affair is published in frequently asserted that the hay crop of the w . to-day's paper.tained large contracts, notwithstanding he was found to be the highest bidder when tbe proposals wereMr. Vandyke, of Pennsylvania, will he called-i 'lemeanwhile, it 1* some consola- tent by the onslaught made by the partyon Conference, now holding its session in Si Paul's several other Southern staples together. But lie:, ntfect that the cxtrawaganceo* charged Southern Interests. In this city the amount ofThe proceedings of the New York Methodist North exceeds in value those of cotton and c cincertainmore industrious or more favored centres,butwo shouldsot receive theflowofrhe Irrapresaiblcdlat Eplacopal Cfaarcb.use of capital than what their.competitors inEuropepaid,theyhave hadtomakeupfrom itisintendedby thepolitical clergytobringand Australia have imparted a stimulus to modern enterprise which enables it to dis- tance, in rapidity of achievement, the cautious progress of other times.there was a Methodist Episcopal Church North but to a much greater extent, in this country. and a Methodist Episcopal Church South. TheThe same causes are producing like results,place of the bloodthirsty Wolverine, and ac- Tbe Oovode Investigating Committee to-day examtoed commodate Pryor with hair-trigger?, or any George Plitt. ofPhiladelphia. They asked him whether "gentlemanly,"elegant"orrefinedweaponshewasTreasurerinI860oftbeDemocraticStaleCentral suitedtothetasteoftheF.F.V.'s,someof Committer'-Herepliedthathewas. TheyaskedhimbowThe accumulation of wealth in the hands of in-dividuals here is without precedent in the his-twodividedsectionsquarrelledabouttheproperty and a law suit, carried on for years,whom, by the way, have fought with bowie knives, and that not long ago. But Pryor '•hasnoquarrel"withtheColonel-ofWagon Road fame, and so the whole matter drops. Potter goes back to the House, and the repub- licans chuckle. Pryor slinks about like a dog with his tail between his legs, and all the decent persons on the democratic side of the House are thoroughly ashamed of him.mneh money he received and paid out for election pur- poses for that campaign- Governor Wmsiow ob- jected to the question. A long and protracted dtogar Eion ensued, and,owing to the absenceV leu of the committee, ended by adjournment Tiey mat again at half pas', two, when they ordered Mr. Plitt to answer the question in regard to the money used. B* stated that seventy thousand dollars was in his possess**, and that every dollar was expended by Forney's written order. They desired to know what amount Collector Schell tent. He said he would not reply, except that Mr. Schell bad informed them upon the subject He said theother one country in the civilized world. The tory of any other commercial community. was the consequence. The Church Souththe fortunes thus rapidly acquired are almostas rapidly spent. In the course of a few yearswe see a man become suddenly rich, cut a fig- the country. This question is used asure in society, and then get ruined again,a wedge by which fanatics are splitting the Union into two halves, North and South, but itsworninuntilyesterday,anditwasreportedthat socialstate. Nextinorderwemustplacethe avenue,thatitwasastreetofpalaces,and sions—theconservativeandtherevolutionarythey had drawn in Albany for the several terms- that there was no single street in Hurope to elements. The Methodist Episcopal ChurchMr. Bowen drawing for six years, Mr. Bergen four admirable character of our institutions. Here equal i t How surprised he would have been North is sharing the same fate, as may be seenandMr.Pilsburytwoyears. Considerableinterest individualenterpriseandenergyarefreefrom tohavebeentoldthatitwasthecalculationof byreferencetothereportoftheConferencein realdutiesandresponsibilitiesofstatesmenby and'askedhimwhetherhewasClerkatthattimeof theCourtoftheUnitedStates? Hasaid. yea.Bywhomap- oneofthemostexperiencedhouseagentsand Connecticut,whichwepublishtoday.The assumingthemanner,whiletheyhavenotthe pointedr Hereplied,byJu<JgeGreer. Theyasked being reported that Mr. Embree is to be removed. excessive exactions for costly systems of go- real estate brokers in the city, that the average New York Conference has not yet come to any pluck, of blackguards and shoulder-hitters. It him whether th e seal of that Court w as everallthetrammels ofsocial classification,from Hon. John Sherman, of Ohio, the republican vernment, standing armies and vast publicgestions of prudence and the measure of theirThese evils will, however, cure themselves in time. As soon as the disturbances causedyesterday to the Brazilian ship-of-war Donna Isa- produced only sufficient to supply our ownbella,whichhasbeenatanchorinourharborfor consumption,nothingwouldbelefttoud!Q toourequanimitybytheInfluxofakrge LNFLVESCEOFPOLITICALAGITATIONONTRADE.— timeitwasabolished. Therehasnotbeenadu< '.* n ' yO.e, our habits of living will con- '(]u: 'u .r.fcjjee to bi?re prudent notions, andtween members, for the last twenty years anddemocracy triumphed, In obtaining for Swift certain cos-tbe Northern hay crop is mostly consumed on ag&ii Ml,? are not peculiarly our own. When Southern trade done this spring Is much lessAugusta, fcaer! • Are not some of our Northern minister* ownedOtaftaJMi •ttej•BB Of ttI « •idor be ae si*12 ECVI ,r BBdry.r•njsiwith! Mr. t h e nBvcttoa that I, dbntl toasty fteen t r? M* ubatM snattoi Stnea turnthe »a fttoaMcon flic lieptdi Sean*Virgin clone. is towbroug xuittot to rketoi tomanthaweit«ratal fatora dose I eXVtr Bysat bornt t s v e l TbeTheMr. XJtotrfc clerk.aiftotarmy appointments. Nothing of general interest IntheStateSenateyesterdayseveralbillswereintbegreatworkofthecreationandaccumu-withwhich,inthesedaysofdaringspeculationmissionistopreach-peaceonearth,goodvulgarandinadmissible."PotteradherestothequestionatCharleston,expressingsentimentstofavor tatty-the greatest part In our national increase ascapitalists, lfuft kftd ncswxplus to export to by their congregations too, and are they not papulation of those States, and that they now •re decWedly tht U\egi6t»t»7£look npon the black republicans as the. worst enemiesthatthecommercialinterestsofthe ,_w__u,gUpweirquartersatta*awNorthcanhave. ierenthotels,intransitutoteeSoufc.7.WTHE PBESIDBNT'S PBOTBOT MESSAGE—THE timeago most ofthe*fa^rvMnalswmT* In another column we publish areportof MDNOIUTT REPORT.—We publish elsewhere in tirely unknown;hutthey havu .ttddeV-imonthly meeting left night fa the Union AssemblyRooms, 105 Elisabeth street, Mr. Jacob Hoff, Vice- capital from abroad, wWfth hastens our rise to the interesting proceedings of the Methodist full the report of the minority of the Judiciary to fame and distinction. They h a v T X ^President, in the chair. No business of pnblio im- the level of other countries In the relations of Episcopal Conference of N ew York proper, Committee upon the recent protest message of time being a voice In the destinies of thefrom which it will be seen that the subject of Mr. Buchanan. The report, like the message try, and no doubt will be great folio,,, *?Jiportance was transacted, and the Clnb adjourned capital to the great field of employmentuntil the next regular monthly meeting. Having attained this level, the uphill debate which overshadowed everything else Is which called it out, is an able and statesman- after the nomination is made, wken thev JnEx- Alderman Thomas S. Stephens, appointed by work ceases, and w e enter upon th e the irrepressible conflict proclaimed by Wil-theBoardofAldermenPresident Commissionerof great contest of industry and trade un- liam H.Seward in hit declaration of war thegravestattentionofthecountry. which they emerged atthe *n of the Croton Acqueduct Department, woo sworn fat der new conditions and advantages. Capital against the South issued at Rochester, and The President has been moat grossly assailed country.yesterdayafternoonbytheMayor.Ikesalaryisismerelyaninstrumentofindustryandintel- inauguratedinbloodbyJohnBrownatEar- byhispoliticalenemies,whoweresetonbyF*13,000 and the appointment ia for throe years.The sales of cotton yesterday embraced about 1,000 bales, closing dull on the basis of 11 *c. a 11*0. forheavy and more or less aominal, while the higher and •••104 finer qualitieswerecomparativelyscarceandfirmlyheld.lect It assists the industry of the agricul- per's Ferry. This Is now the issue of theMEWS FBO*WASBintmAt the general Conference, or Convention,develope our vast resources of coal and Iron, to be held at Buffalo, the slavery question is to ground, real or pretended, which could afford voluaaiaoua oorrerpoBdeoce between Oat Uosadouradvantagesofsoilandclimate,andthe betakenup,withaviewtomakeitatestof thecolorofanexcusefordoingit Thispoint atdPrussia,inregardtotheenergies and enternrise of our people, to a de-gree which will soon astonish our competitorsChristian fellowship, so as to operate in favor of the republican candidate, and the districtis clearly put and irresistibly made out, and isgances of the merchants and traders of thatattheirnextmetting.TB> irrw KiGamrr r o t TIXASTbe House Military Committee bad under conaideraUai again to-day the Texas regiment appropriation. Stow thisbutwasactedonbythecommittee,andreportedto the House, the Secretary of War addreamed a conunaaj cation to them, stating that in bis judgment there was a great necessity for tbis appropriation. Tbecommute* think otherwise, and have reported againat it.hare transpired are given in another part of to- day's paper.Butlittlebusiness ofimportancewastransactedin Congress yesterday. In the Senate (he House have long been approaching, will soon begin billfortbeadmissionofKansasintotheUnionwas toproduceotherandverypalpableeffectsnpon referred to the Committee on Territories. Mr. our relations to tbe industry and commerce oi Wilson's resolution relative to the suppression of the world. England, through the possession ofmittee on Foreign Affairs. Mr. Sumner presented her abundant and cheaper capital, has had anpartintheSanbornaffairatConcord,Mass.,onthe prise,againstwhichwehavehadtocompetein 3d inst, and availed himself of the occasion to the march of commercial and industrial devel-animadvert upon the conduct of the Harper's Ferry opement by the use of other advantages which Investigating Committee in not summoning Gov. we hold, and which have enabled us to gainWise,ofVirginia,beforethem.Hewaspromptlyuponherintherace.BeforeconsideringthemarcationwhichdividesocietyinEngland.EveninthepeacefulsanctuaryithasbecomechallengesPotterinaBobadilfashion,expect-beforetheParaguayComnuatoon,whichtoabouttoeat rebuked bj Mr. Mason, the Chairman of the Com results which we-may attain in this contest of With the progressive increase of the power of an element of division and strife, and religion ing that, as duelling is especially repugnant to vene hare under the Bowlla treaty for the adjustment efmittee, and the papers were laid on tbe table. peace, if the blind fanaticism which has seized AftertheadoptionotsomeverbalamendmentstoJuponourNortherncommunitiesisdefeatedinthebillamendatoryofthePatentlaws,andthepassage ot several private bills, the Senate went its present revolutionary and destructive de- into executive session and confirmed a number of signs upon our bond of union, it may be wellthe African slave trade was referred to the Com-wealth, which formerly enabled mercantile fam- anticipate that they can carry it, but their "stands by his language. I understand him toilies to passinthecourseof a generationer object is bythediscussion andtheexhibition give me the privilege ofconstruing his re-twointotheranksofthearistocracy,ismuch ofamajoritytoproduceamoralandpolitical marksasIchoose. WhetherornohewUlstandthe return of theMassachusettsSheriff whotook advantage overua inthebroadfieldof enter-for us to review succinctly some of the causes occurred in the House. which have enabled us to come up with Englandhereditary rank. But it is also due, in great that follow in its train. And this is the part, to another cause, and that is the facility position of ministers of the.Gospel, whoseponwithSouthernpoliticalniggerdrivers.hereforabouttwoweeks,talkinguptheirfavorite,andMr. grantsMr. •ioqutSurall Mr.OBI onBe clerk.Mr. Coma crderiSevi Ad>Tbe ticketdetosp Tbe di Follow ridge,Wm SSC mS>epiTbe about KsttofkftthTbe on UM few • thepi paredKUN repaii first I thievitbefiaoei andeTbe route r o o taad i Sacrapassed, among them those relative to reducing the capital stock of the Sacketts Harbor, Rome and New York Railroad Company, and to the amend-lation of wealth. and adventure, fortunes are made by commor will among men""—a religion whose spirit is the humane and civilizing invention of Colonel of other candidates besides Douglas, has the tendency toWe must undoubtedly place in thefirstrank cial men. The gold discoveries in California represented by the gentleness of tbe dove, and Bowie, and Pryor and his friends say that make MMfriends of the "little Giant" wilt There pre-tal of England.Theattainment of this point,to whichweliving consistent with the rank which theyoccupy in the social scale, the families oftraders vie with those of the nobility in main-TBS CAXDWATXS FOB T B I BUTfBOBSB NOKOIATtOttThe candidates for th e Baltimore nomination are re- duced to four. The only names now proaatneat aretaining a state which their incomes do not not be effected. It waslost at the last General ter, but without success. Potter refused to eatjustify. Theconsequenceisthatbankruptcies Conference held at Indianapolis, four years hiswords, whereupon thetruculent member Maura.McLean,ofOhio;Botto,ofVirginia;Crittenden,efhave become of much more frequent occur- ago, for want of this constitutional vote. W e from Virginia made use of the most portentous Kentucky, and Bell, of Tennessee.rence, and that the permanent retention of believe tbe supporters of the resolution do notlanguage, speaking thus:—"The gentlemanrarer than formerly.like document, and one that should command retire into the grateful privacy of km?§Z1republicans hare now in their own ranks the very persons who were guilty of the bribery and corruption which they endeavor to chargeChurch North is to have its convention at Buffa-lo on the 1st of May. Everyfour years,juston truly that the resolution throwing suspicion Testimony Before the Covodehave their Convention at Charleston in ten days, and the republicans their ConventionatINTERESTINGr^EOW^of CONttEStern Methodists hold their General Conference,intheshapeofahigherrateofinterestforthe andoneoftheobjectsofthearrangementIsto sustain it, andthat therefore theactionof—chants, artisans and miners have had to makethe Union. So it was four years ago. This timeAurr ippoumontTB coavnutan.The Senate in executive session confirmed a Urge Bom-ber of army appointments made daring tost year. OBATIOX OP THS ASBUWAirf aUCBBXACT OTeffect throughout the North. by it the sequel icill demonstrate.''Thus, into every department of life is this , What is the sequel? How has the mountain different gentlemen within a few days his intentionitotoren--This result is in a measure attributable to thegradual breaking down of the lines of de-> dangerous question now being introduced. tbe naaltoan of Attorney tor tbe Btoade laaaad Companyis basely prostituted te political purposes, and Potter's constituents, he will back down. thedemocracy,asdevelopedbytheconcessions Notabitofit PotterisnottobesoeasilyARBJV Al OP DSUW AnU TO CBABUnOff. Tbecitymfastfillingupwithdelegatesenrenteto classes, there Is a natural tendency on the anarchy, bloodshed, the destruction of the moulded. Potter will be charmed to fight CharlSSloa. Some will return and take the steamer fromwrung,yearafteryear,fromtheprivileged thesepurposes,too,oftheworstkind,Involvingpart of wealth to outrival the pretensions of government, civil war and all the calamities Potter will select bowie knives, a favorite wea- Baltimore. Mr. Douglas' friends have been cencemlraiedlabored, and what has it brought forth? Pryor sign the office of Aaatotaal Secretary of State, toPryor objects to the pet weapon of his class asmaking all the Buncomb capital tor him poaatbto. The appearance here of genuine delegates who are to settlebe nominated at Charleston he would cheat the North to In 1844 the Methodist Episcopal Church split tools. Whereupon Colonel Lander, the friend bis administration just as he did tbe South on Lecomptoain two on the slavery question, and thenceforth of Potter, declares that h e will take th e nsT orroT BETORB THI OOVOOB coatMrrrnu.is no denying the fact that the trade of thert i fioilt-d iiioie* Ci less by public opi- North has been affected to a very serious ex- every year. The custom is absurd, and parties ber. II will be remembered that Swift subseqaentiy ob-Thi Bator rwaal ConferenceinmyorofalteringtheDisciplinesoasnanceofcattleengagedinotherlaborsortointothecommissionotsimilarfollies,wemaycommunitywerethenonlybeginningtoAldermenhaveatlastbecomeamiableanddo-elicitedinthismatterheisanimportantwitness,toteU Beilrchurch, were very interesting yesterday, by reasonof the presentation of a resolution from the Erie the spot where it is produced, for the suste- aneid jeople like the English are tempted than it was last year, although the mercantileTHE ALDEBMEJJtTRACTABLEATLAST.—Thecommittee again to morrow.Forney will be wbprenael.aa by tbe eridenoe thus torbe used as food, while the cotton crop of the well be excused for yielding a little to the recover from the effects of the panic. cile in the matter of confirming Mayor Wood's what he knows about the use of money and ceriuptionfto eaetode slaveholders from connection with theuTiidi^M*ltfaf****** '°ll°wed,inwhich presentyearhasgivenasurplusforexporta- extravagancesinducedbyasuddenflowof Irf theshipping trade there hasnevertion to foreign countries of nearly three mil- 7h*J»kere. * ^ A *****>« iefnrniahed lions of bales, valued at one hundred and fiftyprosperity.A REVEBEXD CHATTEL" m GEORGIA.—It except what v"*0110*De conveniently postponed.more, and yet there are half a deeen challenges concerned ought to be above such boys' play.tracts for supplying the government with live oak timin the Pennsylvania elections of 1856.THIurrewuTKWALar-ATumcu.coxvEvnoi. Go yaitoiThe Secretary of State has told before Congress a lettertion, ana m building nothing is doing mer member of their body named Thomas Ste- from Lord Lyons, containing an invitation from the British ISbeen a t ^ y period greater* stagna-By a very decided vote they confirmed a for-nomineeforPresidentoftheCrotonBoard.government to that of this country to send a delegation totheInternationalStatisticalConvention,whichiste sufof «riveiTBI KACnUC BAOnOAB. totoTbe House Select Pacific Bailroad Committee i n aevtmajority reportto-day,throughMr. Curtis, ibe(human"chattel"'ofthechurch. Itseemsthat accountforthefactinanyether1Wthanby knowingwhattariffwasestablishedin theTherewulbetwoininerttyreports,onetora•*»*•"" on8teveas'routo,sis^byMr.AJdrleh,ctlOnneneta°»the 2M inst The pital, to lower thepriee of money and strength- tion having bought him from his former mas- the usual influences to WuicD such results are men as Gideon J. Tucker, James C. Willet andlist of oV'egatee will beprevtoi.* '- lloatogaof democratic P r e ^ S * ' deduction is warranted by too met, unusual at Northern negro philanthropists would call a subject and they will tell you that they Cannot derman Stephens.. It would also b e worth.mo-tod. The J S ^ ^ T ^ T ^ ter, and be is therefore now held as what our attributed. Question commercial men on the Thomas Addis Emmett. and confirmed ex-Al-ventit,Congi'.•-. '»» apportionments; the votest>. 'Sd.andthelistsoffaretoChart..'t. taxing o complete node mecum, and very ner'u for poUtieians end others from thistimeuntilst'erfoeConventionshallhove pietedMalabors.<-cutsthearewasstfll"raging.en the hands of industry and enterprise. This tMsseasonoftheyear,thattherateofexchangeA fire broke out hi Canftj t J w t l f Whitehall, N.Y..yesterdayafternoon,whichitioftKijiiJtwenty J uildhagn, including two beaks, the Poet Office,trade and Industry of the North. Some take a L egislature is now busy with a bill to in- Mr. Carvallo, formerly Minister to the United Ball fromthe pulpit Hisfellow bondsmen con- •ostgloomyviewofthoseinfluences,andfear cre^sethecomforts andlighten thesufferings beenBBUBBBUJBWinaukecapacitytoWanesand!fcfer^a^otottoiwtyesim*,*'nottottede x t e n t T - ^ ^ ^ iNorthern cities, but probably it Is quite ade- may be formed from the results of the Con- have any pros *>ective Intentions of a personal bto; that hfto valuable aad important to the puhlJC, and •Va»quate to the modest requirements of the rever-Thomas M. Tryniski 309 South 4th Street Fulton New York 13069onLondonandtooothermonetarycentresof thisspiritualandtemporalslaveisavery theeffectsofpoliticalagitation. Th«7lo<>k Boardonthisoccasion. DidanyoftheAlder- Mr.Stout,ofOregon andoneUfnedbyMessrs.Taytor, tlEurope roles at a point that loaves no profi* on bright negro, and quite afluentpreacher, and «pon the Harper's Ferry insurrection, •*/* •**men bring more than two thousand dollars ?Hamilton, Hindman and others, hi fare* of the B raw Mel froasad Fort Yuma routeATrAmsa runs.Semiofficial advicesfromChilestatethatpence beenentiretyrestoredandthepeopleare Tso the African Baptist congregation, thinking^ropT"* ° ? .T on»NewYorkto itapitythatheshouldwastehissweetnesson tionsbytheblackrepublicans,asbeingfraughv* wasengagedonameasuretoremovetheob-1 f cu enc frtributeathousanddollarsayearforthesup- thatNortherninterestswillneverrecoverfrom ofthe*conTicta m the Penitentiary,andwe «udthetetegrniAftmdexpreesoffice.Atlaetac-ThesesurplBBBgw.e^f^**£**">*portofhimselfandfamily—notquiteasliberaltheshockwhichtheyhavereceivedfromthemhopetha*Bobod7wU14othemembersofthatthedesertairofacottonplantation,purchased himforthepurposeofadministeringthewordmutationofcapital hathe •oeu* anamountaspreachersreceiveInsomeofour Of their effect in NewEngland somenotion bodythein,iu,ticet0 nlnt thatinsodoingtheyThe grenade on which the CBBBBBBBB1BB»W of granted an extension of the Moras patent of 1 That the invention was or iginal, novel, nsefdissUntitled Document•entinuous war made upon Southern insk'ta-w**hthemost,unfortunateconsequencestothe structionsfrom*"HellGate." TheAlbanyLOOKING AHEAD.—A short time ago Congresstiaij3i»*hedv4iltmtaaieI**.CIUMMofthe United Stoles by theTbe correspondence extends as far back as the raar Hal and presents all the cases down to the last, that of Ban* son, all of which have been amicably settled, and tha aar aoss released, after careful and thorough exaattaatfOB. la a'roottalloftheeasesthepersonshavebeenarindmi. pressed into military servtoe byhenaioa. Tbe relations between tbe tof tbe most friendly and amicable <TBI OVXUASS BUIL SOtVIOB.Tbe Senate Post Office Committee are a ll at aeaiin regard to the overland mall service,bills which have been submitted to the Senate de net an, pear to satisfy th e friends of tbe vartooa route* I W t to a strenuous effort being made, b y a oombtaabesaf democratic and republican Senators, to cut dowi anf ultimately destroy tbe Batterfleld route, andother overland interests obtain what theywill probably accomplish their design.Beiidea^bearing tbe speech of Mr. Corwtn ia behalfatmThe Prealdent coBunoaicatod to the Seaau a*OMtnruoBT awuvnaarr or oca cmuaa ix ;It ifi said thai Mr. John Apptotoo haw commonicaled to www.fultonhistory.comnecticut and Rhode Island elections.It hiehameaaw.«-.« t h e tavaaior b a a nni h o a •Hx»ii«a»l» ramoaVat 