 Gseason. Delegates torn base ball clubs la NEW YORK HERALD. Washington, Baltimore, Boston and Detroit were— • '••••*•.———•—— ***** I• • • *W»'JAIII OOBDOI »••**»*• BDtTOa AND PSOmROft-of tne Nomination law tne Vice Presidency.In their anxiety to make a President, the poli- ticians seem to overlook the importance o f nominating theright kind ofmanforVice Pre- sident Everybody i s speculating about the chances of this prominent man andthe otherGeorge U w Floored a t Albany—The GrlUlron BUI bmaened In tnr Aaeeiatel/. Yesterday saw lively times a t Albany Thurlow Weed walked Into the Assembly' and the Law Gridiron Railway bill, gottenvalue of the remaiaiag pcraoa,thing Uke the plan suggested by a , phlloas- PUers of the "Swaaa."erf ICS *. w. rXAJKaoatarUk Of tht Mwtier •"?%pjarlag from 7c. to 10c. per pound, with occasional In this she meets the opposition of many, and or viaMV 4X& rvutcrs era. sales at e m 10c. and under 7c. Milch cowi were«•«,. v H ^ r — - I _* ZZZm» i»0 pari*/ ©>#W Br-iuvcent* 5,298 sheep and lambs, and 8,797 swine.her old Alpine boundary; but Austria and the Papacy resist this, and enlist in their cause the fears o f Prussia for her Rhenish provincea,WTXTXR OABPH. RroUway, •«>*»» Band street-THSATRKBROAHWAT WVmK>n_,*44 *a_aw*jr.-«0«AXCm 01*VMr rum Tocso MAO- VFioi WtotrnXATBK rBAJtCAJB, W Br«e4wAr.--£a fits HAtrRO.BABVtJVS AMBBIUAH srcSBDll. BroaSway.—Attor- • X » - 0 > ' • * » 07 U1SW4 Krratat-OcTOMOif.«T1 Bro»4w»y — BBYAWTW WVSTRWLS KUI taaHoia.« T BOWlBowery.—anwaaGOS-HMJIMH Boanwoa. «Bow.With only twothe field—* democrat and a republican-Bctunou, Ba»G».OAMIMA,ACVIHUOS SAIJMOH, Bwwaway.-Oao CawtsefS Mr*. The New Complications In Europe—Thewill bettuu u Soxas. Daacxs. AC—taa Miranr.VAfI<"»XAL COlOCltRT BALOOll, Hatioaal T*«Ure.— Boat*. IMXCSA B e a u s w u . Ac.New Comxaaeetal Polt«r of France a n d EBglasMl.prajbg for an alteration of the tariff so aa to af- ter1 them more protection, was presented and adthe blow he was striking at the political systemus on this footing may be taken as an evidenceof the superior esteem in which they hold ourwhich the inauguration must take place, there would be no election, and the Vice President would then become President What was donefranchises any mere than i t has to vote the watch o u t o f a man'e pocket. Whatever public property, right of way, ferries, docks, slips, and all such matters, there may be in the city or its waters, belongs to the Commonalty of the city, as represented by the Mayor and Commonwhere, we believe, acting under the direction ot some army officers on our frontier stations, be shot a few buffaloes and prairie chickens. He Is now publishing a series of letters In the English papers, recording his experience o f American fport, which contain some good, pleasant things, and a good deal of absurdity.of Continental Europe when he determined to vcoated b y Mr. Foster. Petitions in favor plant in France the English policy of develop-people.It i s remarkable that both in Japan and once may be done again. It is as easy to holdof (he Homestead bill were also presented. The bill to increase and regulate the pay of officers of the navy was recommitted to the Committee on Naval Aflairs, with instructions to inquire into the expediency of reporting a billestablishing the pay of each grade of officers per aunmn in dollars asd cents, with an increase at stated periods op to twenty years of service. The House was engaged in ducossing the slavery ques- tion. Mr. Carry, of Alabama, delivered a longing trade. This will b e beat seen b y a short view of the aims of each of the Continental Powers.China our representatives should not only have succeeded in obtaining concessions which h a i always been denied t o European envoys, but thai t h e latter should have beenout in the cose of a President as in the case of a Speaker, with this difference, that the demo-t-peech on the protection of slave property in the system, which centres national prosperity and Territories. • greatness in the advantage o f a numericallyThemostimportantpointintheproceedingsof limitedclass,holdtothetheorythattruewis-dom,.permits the consumer to buy In the cheap- est, and the producer to tell in the dearestbut the Dutch had been allowed to trade there; but this privilege was surrounded with so many restrictions, and was enjoyed at the expense of somanyindignities,thatnopeopleofspirit would have cared to accept i t on such terms. The concessions extended b y our squadronmanner o f a self evident propositiondent, seeing that the majority of the Senate i s and i t would hardly need t o b e stated and declares that all fears upon that head arodemocratic, and that a majority of the Senate were it not for the astonishing apathy of our vain and futile. During a couple of weeks' so- elect a Vice President when there is no elec- property holders, when they must see that the journ on tbe prairies, the Honorable Nimrod tionbythepeople.BeforetheSenatethere politicalpiratesatAlbanyareplunderingthe BerkelywasnevermolestedbytheIndian can be ouly two candidates for Vice President— people of New York as coolly as Fra Diavolo tribes; no fierce Camanche disturbed his nightly the two highest on the list; so that one of them would take a traveller's purse. If cur taxpay- bivouac with his wild warcry; n o terrible mustbeelectedonthefirstballotthe legislature yesterday was the defeat of the gi uaotic New York City Seventh Avenue Railroad l>iUintheAssembly, TheCommitteeouCitiesand Villages reported adversely to the bill, and the re pert was accepted by a vote o f 73 to 19. In the benate the bill tolling railroads was made the spe- ii»^crderforto-day. TheCityTaxbillwaspassed-market he can find. Theytherefore aim to wouldhavebeen comparativelyworthlessbut create new markets for their products, and to for the favorable manner in which MinisterIn 1801 there were five candidates for Presi- dent, all o f whom carried States. Thomas JeffersonandAaronBurrwerethetwohighest on the list, but both equal. Jefferson was elect- ed b y the House of Representatives.In 1825 there were four candidates, and no ehoice by the people, when John Quincy Adams was elected by the House.ersstandsuchrobberyononesideandextortion Apache made mincemeat ofbisdogs; nota on the other, without protest, then they de&erve M ?. Ferces, Choctaw or Blackfoot crossed hislay.A general convention of shoe leather dealers oftlu States of New York and Pennsylvania was held>e«it-:hty at the Astor House,for the purpose of litical connection with t i e populous regions Ur:ifngana*5ociatir»nfcforthepruttctlou oftheir• r, terept*. About forty tnnnt ries were represented. From its earliest days Russia has felt the neces-lit c*u?e of this movement is the depressed coo- sity of communication "With the ocean. Con-i!.' •;. of the sole leather ma&aucturing business l i e meeting was strictly private. The geuerai e;inioiwasthat theonlyremedyforthepresent -ate©t'things wasto curtail their bn?ine.-sforquering and assimilating the numerous hordes thatoncewanderedoverherinlandterritories, she has grown like an elephant barredinaWith Thurlow Weed, Jacob Sharp and other fcr a treaty, will probably also have to ac centrate on the candidate of the Union Opposi- political freebooters in the Assembly, a piececolumn. Crffee coatianed firm, and 1,000 bags fair BIO ecldatis^c;4C0 do.at.18>,c aMSfc,and160mats Java at U!»c. Freights were iirm, while ratos were ua-cha»Md and cn^agemeats were moderate.tors;that the number of votes would be exactly equal for both, and as one would therefore have a majority, h e would b e elected. B u t with three or more candidates contending for the prize, none ofthem mayhare a majorityof all the electoral rotes, and none, therefore, may be elected. In the present instance the appear- ance of a third candidate, the man of the Union• ii*. mt-ntta until the surplus cf stook uow on cage. Her first essay was to seize Finlandf a d -!...IUKI be exhausted, and it was proposed U- na->3 ie*-olutiuoa to tliat eflect,and to get the uraement of every member of the aaodatloa tof- ! k w that cour»e of action.Tie ship Wabamo, Captain Doty, bound from New York for Antwerp, caught fire about noon yesterday, while going down the bay, and burnedto the water's edge. The flames spread with suc'i tapidity as to defy every effort to subdue them. The cfltcers and crew were taken off by the pilot It at SIwood Walter, saving bat little more than the clothing on their backs. The ship was ownedby Messrs Hurlbut, Latin & Co., and was valued at $32,000. Her lees » covered by insurance. She had aa assorted carge of merchandise valued at $70,000, which was insured fcr $.'.1,457.In the Superior Court yesterday Judge Moncrief rendered a decision confirming the report of the referee in the Forrest divorce case a s t o the amount of the allowance of alimony, (deducting the sum paid by the defendant as temporary alimo-ny •> and final judgment wae ordered in conformity therewith.*- trial of OM of the seven or eight hundredeotta taToMn* the pay o* the old polioe forcefrom Swe flea aau tins gain access to the Baltic.The n she tongue-rid the southern provinces andthe Crimea: t:^t tiie cn'.j opened to her the de-sire t o possess the Caucasus, the DanubianPrincipalities, %n§. Ccrstanticople, so tbat shemight command the Biack Sea. The reductionof the shores o f the Caspian carried hertowards P*raia, where h e r policy b e - us living types of a civilization which, though gins t o encounter t h e interests o f theHrT.m!?!!!? «? ***B**9** Court yesterday.w! J ^ ^ j ~ * * <*»*** We panel was rope. The?e aspirations bricg her tato ccnCrniors MQVEMEXT o i THIS HIDE A\T» LEAIHEE MKN.—We publish i n another column a curi- ous circular, issued by some dozen hide and leather dealers in the"Swamp/' with a view to regulate the value of hides. These philoso-PioeoloBBtol Is sanrned. Btt sang rs Batarta? week at tbe Ojsta' Palace acd tbes left fcr Pubf.o, wt»r« the knot was tiMt. Tbe bappr pumtmtr a *tt fasenadagexhausted, and the case w_< ti,— L V . ^Monday. ecljoumed till flict with several c f the Continental Po wers.T*^Wtlof what totoowaas the HorwoDx Bank Prorata, who acquired the provinces on the C M , I M Rhi^e in the Vienna partition cf Europe, is not^5_ ^!5!? * * *• "•*»•-M charged «rithc-btatatBf a tetter from the Kaw York PoaVofflce only ready for war to defend her poseesslen of addressed to F . a . WflhVsats containing » ^ J then** b a t seeks the control Of the German aory note *or $3,000, was commenced yesterday la Cot federatfoa, from which aha wishes to ousta rt-laaiee of one ef the card'-sato HeOoesaet, asta ma»v instances, marry for the rcaao tun naiaad by u w votalet, but is a man cf sea* fortun*—Tor Baly.t h eUnitedBtaiasCJreastCoart.A reporto f t h eAustria, Thna rVosafa hasselther a strongstance, that married women c a n b e kept withinthe coojv.gal bonds without beipg compelledto pull cut their eyebrows and blacken theirteeth. It may be that they will be fascinatedbythegracesofour country women, andbetempted t o take baek with them America^wives. Should they feel so inclined, w e prowhich the democrats may defeat their opponents If the election goes into the House, and that is by absenting themselves, so as not to permit a quorum, which requires two-thirds.5 tbe moral to be derived from the state ofparties in and out of Congress, and the chances of She election goiog Into the House of Repre-What will become of the grand army of r k v tims which the fair Sienneee left sigbieg **_!_.< herwhenshesailedawayfromtheianriofthe West, wbich she loved so mnchrjT/hat wUiahowed the — b a rof itfsaahiUaiedbcedurmiae them that they will find n o Tory seriouss ,obstacles in their way. Our American girls sentatives, is that particular care ought to beThe nattocal eeaoelatiea o f base HU plsyen Jstt^BtmItwasdr«ieebyam^eritvcf5.-sgal^fi that of F r a n c e ' t ^ j L ^ town fccr.^es is Jedco and half a' dozen lead la selecting as their candidate for President a supply, which regulate all trades. Some o f divinity? Fancy, If you can, the foetfagsof^ mtrtbntedlargely to ttfim 2^?*^ saieestcsuppertthem,betterthanthatofa matoftherightstamp;forittheycanoaly theoldDutchmerchantsbedahabit,whenthe tbatsolitarypedestrianwhefromthefurthestNEW YORK HERALD, THORSDAT, MARCH 15, 1860.-TBIi,Lg SHBETipresentBeefattieweremplentifulsupplyatthecattle become a consolidatedpeople andto ta"t«•waap.Italy throbs with a uniTersel aspiration »» yards yeaterday, and in fairrequest at price* ran* place as one o f the great Powers of^ Europe.Tux ATLavnc TSXBOBAI«up I n the most philanthropic spirit, and learn by tbe recent news from Europe that the with a riew t o develope t h e resources Atlantic Telegraph Company propose to raiseplexion nfthe foreign, sad by the telegraph reports from and the general distaste te sanction such prin-Weeds movement* were Napoleonicmittee on Cities and Villages report adverse totbe bill, chiefly on the ground that it creates anenormous monopoly, and gives toe much to onecompany. They believe i n fair play, evenamong thleres. After a very little skirmishingthe House agrees with the C--'mittee b y taining that a perfect communication eintsthe South, to the effect that while the receipts were lees atthe far* teaeraDT, they had materially bwreaaed laMew Or'cacs during the week ending the lCthiast.,whtehware57,000agaisat34,000balestorthesameweeknetyear. Iheaatasyestertayembraeedshoot 1,000bales,cixisg onihebASlsof about U'.c. per lb. for middlingDplaaet. The receipu abthe ports since Uw 1st of Sepumber last bare reached 8,700.000 bales, against 20S8.CCOIn1800,2422,0001aI860,and2,462,000fatItaly,enlistaRussiainherbehalfbysacri- «»f. Ihe exports hare reached 2,346,000 bales, against ficing her pretensions to the Danubian Princi-E222 £•. » , «-»^,•*~r«. y______*__2rf S T SST«*« rea.iw 0<«uw«ww»/M k n n m * «» •• ** *"•c *aa»awt *-t •l.m* I I VA^ctsmacrrs THIS nvarao.vowxnr THSATBU *r««rr.—n»i«w>-<?aAaooAt J,e01,W0 in I860, 1,257,000 la 18*8,and 1^78,000 In palities, and Russia accedes to her present1867. The stock oa hand aneewU to 1,0*5,000 bales,a: alt tt 027,0M la 1819, 777,000 lnl86S,aad 061,000 mIK".Thefloormarketwasleasactire,whilethemedium andEnglandfortheiroppositiontoherdo-,QSACS PCCSO*—1T*»"0*-WAILt(t1THKATBB,BwediiV.-Bo«A»«SOfAF00» acdhighergradeswereArm,andthelowerqualitybrands signsontheeffectsoftheoriginal"flickman''I M H MAC . more heavy. Wheat was la fair milling demand) withamhselgoodtoprimetotswhitsandredatfullprices.LAURA t i n t t THSAfBX. CM BWadwar—VAjnv Corn was steadier, while sales were moderate, includingof Europe.Thus it will be seen that in the present com-riSMr-OMtBIlI» F*»»T- _ _ _ _ _Sou•!•cm whiteatTic.,Delawaredo. at76c andyellowat plications in Europe, theonlypolicy that seems 7Bo.a79c Forkwaswithoutchargeofmoment,with torestupona permanentandincreasingbasis lata;ofnewmessat$1812# a$1826,andnewprimeat athenewcommercial alliancebetween France $1460a$1466. Sogersweresteady,withsalesof800a and England. As the commercial interests 900 hhds. sad 300 boxes at prices risen In anotherThe contradictory nature of the accounts his new alliance with England. H e may at from Europe, in regard to the respective posi- the same time foment old issues betweenTRIPLE SHEET. tions of the several Powers on the great ques- the other Powers, helping Prussia a little now tions that agitate the current of politics, shows towards supremacy in Germany, then calmingIfWw York, TIs•radar, Maxell 15, 1S80. tbat at the present time there is little unity of Austria by temporary concession to her de-Opposition, may produce that result. The re- are concerned. In addition to the city railway publicans may not have aa many votes a s bills o f Weed and Law we have a renewalaction, if indeed any, among the Cabinets.The only two countries that seem to be pur-Tito A* suing a common policy are France and Eng- By the arrival o f the City o f Battinlore a tmands in Italy, and again stimulating the hopes are necessary to a choice, and the Union partyof the attempt to make a tremendous job by out their enterprise. The whole line betweenlas been foroed to play tte aJteniaie parte of friendandfoewitheachofherneighbors.Ttisissosw.verydull,and$Jperheadlower.TealcalvesweretheheartysupportofnoneoftheotherOfobtainingthenominationforthePresi-andplunderthetaxpayersofthemetro-thesumoftwentythousandpounds,withiateady at 4c.to 7c Sheep and lambs were buoyantat full prices. Swine were active and jc. higher, BKBA&&^£»&TM<ffi'<~**r' with aales all the way from Sic.to6|c TherePowers. France is willing to aggrandise Ptei- dency, or about the chances of his election in polis, was killed without the smallest ©ere- mont at the expense of Austria and the Po^f, the event of bis being the chosen candidate of mony. If Law had his Austerlitz, Weed has hisview to take up the injured portions of the cable, which, it is said, lie within some t*» hundred miles of the Irish coast, and probably In close proximity to the shores of Nesrfouad- laad. The attempt will be commenced in May at tbe Newfoundland aide, the impression baaag that the fault lies within thaee or four miles « r Trinity Bay. It is proposed to manufacture a new cable about 100 miles long to replace the injured parts of the old one, previously ascer-were oa sale 3,182 beef cattle, 147 cowa, 616 veals, ifee cotton market was somewhat affected by the com-dance for the nomination to the Presidencythese old fires, though from time to time theyth i port jet-terdaj, from Liverpool, wo havere- land, who have recently^united for the purpose may throw out smoke, and seem to threaten an the desired number, and the consequenceLathe news by the learner North Americin it«iU said that "the departure of the steamshipFul- year that passes away. They form the basis t a had been postponed until the 7th of March."Tbat being her regular advertised day,the Fulton'sdeparture bad not been postponed.In Frospect.On the 22d of February last, the members one vote, the majority of each delegation t o boats, Yankee schooners, etc, etc., and severallittle reason to despair of the ultimate success of the Atlantic cable.the first Napoleon long tried to establish with In Congress yesterday the Senate took up the England, and which must materially influence Military Academy Appropriation bill. The amend- their future course towards t h e nume- ment providing for a regiment of mounted volun- rous questions which a r e continually teers for the defence of the Texan frontier was coming u p i n t h e European familyhungry rural politicians and city strikers, bul- lies and broken down politicians. I f all these bills should be carried through, the actual loss to the taxpayers would be not less than five millions of dollars, and it might-.$$ rery near to double that amountBerkely, made a ri.4t t o this country a short time ago for the purpose of hunting buffaloes and other wild animals of the quadruped and feather tribes upon the Western prairies of America. H e brought with him a full keanei of dogs, highly educated in field sports; aad v, ith this canine train, a wagon load or so ofadopted by a rote of thirty-seven to nineteen, andthe bill was then passed. The bill for the protec-ts s ot female passengers on shipboard was alsoof nations.inevitably with i t freedom i n many otherpassed. We have heretofore given an abstract of things, which gradually wins its way amongthe provisions of this bill. A bill making Tampa men until the general interests of the peoplemust grow stronger and stronger with everyrepresentatives from any State count but asof a future unity of policy and purpose such asof the Japanese E mbaasy, seventy-one i n number, left Simoda i n the United States steam frigate Powhatan for San Francisco and Panama, from whence they will b e conveyed here on one o f our other ships of war. This is the first legation which has ever been sent to a n y foreign government outside of Asia by this exclusive people. Neither the Dutch, the English nor the Russians have suc- ceeded In obtaining from them a similar act ofdetermine on what side i t is to be cast. I n order t o a choice a quorum o f two-thirds mu>t be present, and it L» necessary that one candidate should have a majority o f all theStates.Now, itso happen-thatnopartyhasama- jority in the House, and if each of the parties bold out from the second Wednesday in Febru- ary, the day on which the electoral votes of each State must be opened and counted Inother schemes of less importance, but allre-Freedomo ftradecarriesitayaport of delivery wae reported. A petition come to override those of dynasties and poli- diplomatic recognition, and the readiness which nameroofclv signed by Connecticut manufacturers, tical cliques. Louis Napoleon knew full well they4have shown in placing their relations withWe say an actual loss, because the Legisla-Congress, till the 4th o f March, the day on ture has no color of right to give away the city Hon. Mr. Berkely started for the prairies,in return forherownacquisition of Savoyand his party. There are competitors in abun-Waterloo. Lawwill do well to hunt up the Grapeshot, and start for S t Helena at once.ciples of territorial change. Rome stes in thai creation of an Italian Power the stripping of herself of those temporalities obtained with so much guile and intrigue, and so she clingsto Austriaand theAustrianaims. T h ban overwhelming majority. T h e rote is clinched I n the thorough parliamen- tary gag way, by a motion t o reconsi- der, and another to lay that motion en the table, which latter prevails—and L aw and his suit o i corporators occupy the un- pleasant positionofanumberofbigdogs withtheirtailsbetweentheirlega That is the end of the Gridiron, and probably of all the other city railway projects, for this session, at any rate, although i t Is worth while to no- tice tbat nothing is said about the outrageous attempt at plunder upon the property of the city taxpayers. I t is only t case of diamond cut diamond between Law and Weed, who can sing with the poet—For more tree Joy MarceUus exiled reels, ThanOaar, wilhaSenate athi*keeU 'with the shore.latter Power, t o save her possessions i n the President may die, as did Harrison and Taylor, and the Vice President become the President But In the present state of parties in and out of Congress, Ike nomination for ViceWhen thefirst suggested, many doubted the passJUBhy of connecting the two coalmen* atall-and when thechain wasactually laidatthe bottom of the ocean there were still many who doubted that any communication would ever pass along thwwires,thoughthegeneralopinionofthe public was in favor of its entire success. It ap- pears, however. that the number who had ate*. lute faith ir the ultimate triumph of the enter- prise is only represented b y thrtum of seveity thousand pounds, that being the amount of ca- pital as yet received by tbe old proprietary, out of six times that sum required 'for the purpose of putting tbe cable la working order.Another company is n o w laying a cable to connect England with India, b y way of Alexan- d r i a , t h e R e d S e a , a s d A d e n E u r r a c h e e , t o Ma- dras and Bombay. Twelve hundred miles of this line will be by submarine cable, and dar- ing the coming summer i t will be tested suffi- ciently to ascertain whether the continuity cast be preserved throughout that distance uneer water. If tbe test should prove successful the AtlanticJTelegraph Company will find no trem- ble in raising the amount neceseary to carrypolicy, perhaps to create a set-off with FranoePresident assumes peculiar importance, for the simplereasonthatoneofthecandidatesforthe VicePresidencywillhareanequalchance withanyofthecandidatesforthePresidency of becoming the chief magistrate from the start' We will explain.which this must give rise to shall grow and ex- tend, the difficulty of war between them will continually Increase, and bring about at the same time a more stable unity of purpose in regard to the joint policy to b e pursued b y them towards the rest of Europe. Louis Na- poleon's aim will now be to palliate and delay future conflicts, until time shall hare cementedmust almostnecessarilyb ea nelec-of Russia for the prize of Constantinople. Butmay so weaken the conserrative strength o f the democracy as t o reduce its votes belowcutting streets through Washington Heights; abill to provide for the erection of a new City will be seen by the message received by the Hall to cost three millions, commissioners to Red Sea Telegraph Company at London, whichIn England the old tory policy, whichmakes common cause with the aspirations o f indebted t o their Intervention i n most o f man in this Congress; for if they can only suc- should b e applied t o t h e reduction othe European dynasties, has been superseded by the commercial idea. The English people, instead of sympathizing with the protectivef He sets at nuaght the statements of Majors their recent negotiations. Until Commo- ceed in preventing a choice in the House, they the rate o f taxation. This i s after t h e Scott and Marcy and others, aa to the dangers to dore Perry's arrival i n Japan, no nation would be sure of having a democratic Presi- be experienced from tbe Indians en the frontieta,open new sources of supply for their wants.Guided by this policy, the government hasvainly endeavored to obtain an entrance forher merchants Into t h e markets o f theContinent, and failing there, it has sought t obuild up as allies to the new principles colo-nies in the East and commercial relations withthe West. In both success has attended herefforts; and, as if to demonstrate the superiori-tut ccontry. wc give a report of the proceedings of ty of commercial relations over those of poli- Mr. Harris' diplomatic efforts. The Japanese toe brkkJaveis' meeting held in this city lasteven. tics, the growth of her commerce, and with i t made the last treaty with us not because theypath: and so, Mr. Berkely, having returned fromaregionwherenotaredmanexistsinhis native condition, with his scalp on the top of his bead—not a hair of it touched—demolishes tbe experience of Major Marcy. Col. Fremont, Kit Carson and all cur other explorers withthe assurance that no danger from hostile Indians L*to be met on the Western frontiers.It Mr. Berkely wants to enlighten bio fellow- country nun tpon frontier life, be must spend aboutayearontieprairiesborderingTexasandourfurSouthwesternterritory.Aftorthat he may have sometiiirg interesting t o tell about iidian hostilities—that is it he ever gets buck unscalpel to tell h:s story. We publish, to day an account of a hunting expedition of another English nobleman, the Earl oi Southesk, to the Rocky Mountains, v here he has beea sporting fcr seven months. This nobleman showed some pluck, and no doubt realised much enjoyment, a s well a s hardship a a d danger, from fiis trip; but Mi. Berkely seems to to have been an exception to the sportsmen o f his class who preceded him tc this country. He reminds as somewhat of a young nobleman who carxe*out here rn a buffalo bust several years ago, before our steam lines were running, who, upon being Informed by the captain ofWe publish in another column a memorial of L.tizet.-. of New York adverse^o the Central Park (. < mmifr-uonen)' application for authority to rai?e ruoaey to carry on the Park improvements. I t « it be pies*-utfd to the Legislature to-day.Harris improved the opportunities that they openedtohim. Byhisjudgment,hisfirmness, his equanimity and his conciliatory manner, he not only succeeded i n keeping the American traders within bounds, but in giving to the Japanese an impression highly favorable to the American* character itself. I t i s to this, un- doubtedly, that we owe the successful result ofit all.There should be an indignation meeting of tbe taxpayers o f the metropolis, great and small, to express formally the public dctesta" tion of the vilest and most unblushing attempts at public plundering through the Senate that have ever been witnessed during the existence of constitutional government The only legis-Anv-ug some interesting articles on the proxies* <•? toe labor movement now going ou throughoutIn 1837 Richard M. Johnson was elected VicePresident by the Senate, none of the candidates lation for the city that i s desired i s the pad- having a majority of electoral votes. What has sage o f the Central Park Appropriation occurredtwoorthreetimesinthehistoryof bill;butasthereisnojobinthat—nothing.--,- Thebrick'aversnewreceive$1Toperday friendship,withtheUnitedStates,surpasses wngcamitheyintendshortlytodemand$2peranythingwitnessedinanyotherportionofthewereforcedinto it,butbecausetheyhad learnedtolikeandesteemusasapeople. Nothing proves more the extent of this feeling than the fact that to Mr. Harris' good offices thetheUnionmayhappennowagainin1860. fornumberoneornumberone'sfriends— If the election of President goes into the it ties o n t h e Senate table. Happilyglobe.But antagonize to her commefcial and po- EngUsh, the Russians and the French are in aHouse o f Representatives, t h e democratswill have the game almost completely in ple o f the metropolis, the official existenceof As:a,etar-flstie giganticpower of Ilussia.edintheirrespective treaties.testimonial sent t o our representative b y Queen Victoria shows t h e appreciation in which she holds the services rendered bythatgentlemantoherownenvoy. Tohis interventionPrnssia,whichis nownegotiatingBritish empire in Iuiia. "And now she has stretched a lozg arm to the Amoor,and seeks to build up there for herself a power that shall control the Western shore of the Pucific, where France and England are bcth seeking a commercial entrance Into China. Ttus the policy of Russia asd that cf Eaclandare ccmicg into coaflfct in many places.France, under the Napoleonic dycasty, seeks to, carry cut the ideas of the first Napoleon. The Rhine and the Airs fcr boundaries, the Mediterranean a French lake. Italy allied with the French Idea, and the French people to be- come -the most active and predt urinating of the Latin nations, i f not of the whole cf Eu-stra-ge to us, and differing from outs, is inmany respects not less advanced and admirable rote, and that the election must go into the mally expressed. The Tribune calls on the would only have to start a few miles off fromwjaw^he^rihe,s^e*#eaTorei1* J£* .eewntoss» aP«risiaaanfre-sei,orofaduchessgreat measure indebted for the benefits conced-theirtion or Union party may not assist the demo- crats to elect their man, but they can neither elect their own candidate nor vqte for the re- publican candidate. There is only one way in whichthedemocracycouldbe defeated. The republicansof theHousemight possiblycon-knowledge the same obligations.The arrival cf the Japanese legation amongsttion party, and thus elect him in preference t o of property they have bought like s o muchThehandsomein t h eparty, and the new Union Opposition party. But no pne appears t o care for the honor of being Vice President, and the political wire- pullers, and the organs of the various par- ties, give themselves no trouble about the matter. Y et the office o f Vice President is In every election very important becausere ved our det-|iat«-ltes and European Qies to the of giving an impube t o the commercial ele eruption, are suppressed volcanoes before the would b e that the election must g o intoi»•.last. l"helettersofoarcorreapondentsatLon- roetitsoftheworld. Inmakingthenewtreaty commercial alliance ofFrance and England, the House of Representatives, accordingto create a stock company to remove obstruc- trainstobe prered whether the communica-ik i.Para and St. Pet.-n.burg, and the extracts with England, France has thrown overboard never again to send their floods of lava over the provision in the constitution which requires t. - u ear files, which are published this morning, the old fiscal system of the Continental Powers, the face of Europe in a general war. the popular branch of Congress to elect a Pre- , .taic complete details of the news to the latest^ acd brought into existence between two coun- sident from the three highest candidates, the iiitmeDt. tries bonds o f peace and friendship, which Tne Japanese Mission—A N e w Sensation election t o be by States—that is, that all thetions from t h e East river a t Hellgate, tion through the submarine portion of it can and empowering them to take toll from a l l be maintained, in which event there will bef o r thechancesa r e veryremotedemocraticparty, therepublicanThe Com-PresidentiaWndldates intheretion by the people—that is, by the elec-crats would be better rewarded for preventing Council. It is part of the security for tbe pay-an election than they were in the case of Sher-ment of the city indebtedness, and its proceedso w n hands.T h e SouthAmericanOpposi-of the Legislature is limited. The present Senate and Assembly have only a very few weeks to live. There will be during that time a series of attempts at piracy upon the metro- polis, on a scale which i s entirely unprece- dented inthe annals ofofficial corruptionallowing the democratic Vice President to be-come President in default o f an election. I nsides its importance in a commercial and politi- any case a conserrative will rule in the White over t o the railway speculators b y expressus will be an event of singular interest B ethe Senate, a majority of which has been madecal point of view, it will offer to the mindof House, and a republican cannot be President contract, there i s no scheme so infamous that ourpublicnewsubjectsforspeculationandre-oftheUnitedStates,iftheelectiongoesintoitmightnotpass,andwiththesameceleritythepacketshipthattheywouldprobablyreachflection. We shall have transported amongst the Ilouse of Representatives. New York next day,commenced to unpack hie tbat the Gridiron bill was rushed through theUntitled DocumentWhile the grand resultf however,hailed with satisfaction i n the metropolis, and while w e heartily rejoice at the smashing of these city railway pirates with their o w n machines, it must be remembered that w e arenot yet out of the woods, so fur as the opera-tions of the city brigands upon the city propertybe paid ten dollars per day; another bill to we give in another column, and it only now re-vessels passing through the river; a bill t o increase the fees of the Harbor Masters, at the expense of small shipping owners, Sound steam-AN ENGLISH SpoarsMAVs EKPEKTKWK OF THB ported with the sole object of despoiling the PRAIRIES AND THB I:- OIAXS.—An Engliab sports-metropolis, in order to create patronage for man o f some reputation, the Hon. Graatiyfor the long-suffering and much-abused peo-fancy stock, and George Law, with his crew, inIf the democrats were sure that the repub- Senate and slaughtered in the House. Let us traps, and put ail his sporting apparatus i n licans cannot have a majority of the electoral have the sense of the metropolis fully and for- order for immediate use, supposing that hein its way. In some things we have even a House o f Representatives, there i s one way republicans i n the Legislature to resist all tbe Astor House t o encounter herds of wild great deal to learn from this extraordinary peo- in which they could cut off every chance of the these schemes of plunder; but it is the blind buffaloes. Mr.Berkely was evidently nnder aple, who themselves owe but little to foreign Union opposition candidate being President, leading the blind, and both shall fall into like Impression with regard t o cur Indian teaching. We wonder, for example, what will and that is by starting two democratic candi- Thurlow Weed's ditch. One party at Albany tribes, and not meeting any Impediment fromhe the impression made on these Japanese strangers by the filthy condition of our streeh and highways. In this respect there are no pecpie in the world so scrupulous and particu laras the Japanese. They have no corporate plunderers t o divert into their own pock- ets t h e taxation appropriated f o r th<* cleansing o f the public thoroughfares. The prorpt justice of the government sword bearer would socn punish any rascality of this kind.O r Japanese visiters will no doubt learnmany tiiegs from us which will prove usefulin their own country. They will find, for in- that experiment There i s another way i n quantity of hides for the current year than be- •^teg Mrd isan Italian lv»oe, a Rocaa by birth, «t«dates, not in opposition to each other, but by is as bad as the other. They ought to have hostile ted men where the trail of an ludian is a friendly co-operation, running one In one such a rebuke from the people as could never never seen, be jumped at the conciosion thatState and the other in another. In this wayeach would hare more votes than the Union can-didate, andconsequently hecould notgo intothe House of Representatives, for the numberof candidates there must not exceed three, andof course the republican must be one,as thethree having the highest number of votes mustbeaelected. If, however,*the democrats cancalculate with any degree of certainty upoo anelection by the people, they will not hazard phers propose to the tanners to tan a smallerfore, acd thus increase the price of those al-ready in the market They use a great manyfigures to show tbat a tanner can make as muchmoney byworning out 7,500 hides iu the year atagainof70percentasbymanufacturing10,-000 with 60 per cent gain, aad they urge upontile tanners to restrict their operations for this Young Mew Yoak dot What w#feecc me of year, because there is an overstock of leather the peg-tops which ambulate aolerneiy through inthemarket Someoftheplans adoptedin tbe corridors of the Philadelphia Acadeay! these days t o regulate trade a r e very extraor- Who shall assuage t h e grief o f tf/cee Harvardnpferdlspoeelaltheaaeetia^, She blythizkthepositionofaprincess,withnla*OppositionpartyoughttobeequallycarefulconsiderationfortheeffectsofdemandandxiesinorderthattheymigUheneartbei^a'Jtapatby with France t c r Austria, and in the The weekly statement preeestsd at the meeting P « t has leaaed more upon an alliance withof the Commlssisaexe of Eurfgration jester<5aythe •J^pathy o f Bcglaad.. Austria, bahkrnat -*•!: -wora C B t a s t h e itaken at the CharlestonXJoureation to select astUI aims **£*** toother, and to ia-arethemostadventurous in the world, andaow $ti,lOt M. N o crease her "theT7 *3 * lB*c,,S*'1*'»s «wnpJre dearly love titles. Manyof them will proba- good manforVice President, and the Union dinary, and seem to be projected without any juniors whoassumed theguise offtupe^namrra-be forgotten. if not sooner.And they will get it at the polls,all t h e statements about o u r hostile fcoauir tribe3 were untrue.PicootoMTfc-T MARRIED AVD SATTT.KP —The list news from Europe wiil carry a thrill of sorrow through many a manly breast To break the awful intelligence as gently as powlble, w e quote the following frcm a Ltudoo paper:—cas»yoreStatetheyany,withthealiimceot marketwas overstocked with anyarticle,of pointofSandyHookwatejhedthroughaforty s a t ! ^ ! ^ < *t e i o ***i««ty • » aim In I burning up or otherwise destroying a large torse power lorgnette the s'<in th_t oarried••* tbi House ofBweeefctatirw .project forlayingthe cable wasAlexandria and India has bees completed, asguts, and a retinue of thirteen attendants, theBirrmwK*i—Wm ,* "" ^$^^^^^^.^"a*^wW^^^^^^wa^^ny^r^_$^$^a t m ^ ^ 1 k n abeaksaannaansL>^^^^p«» anmnv n a w v ve •* \Thoma~ - - -s M. Tryniski 309 South 4th StreetFulton New York 13069www.fultonhistory.com 