 61 tlvate the spirit o f 1aehftog and redewni "rushing the work necemary for the carrying Seward's wtewe ef the _ , _ , _ . otbnfameef the Club, both Iand though be does net apeak very sflaTwmgty k^ ofthegovernment,andif theydoso ^ve. Itisaisoproposedthe President will be cempelled to issue his of ««hwneet Old AheV aWHtonbm. yet he£EWYORKHERALD.Courtyesterday,beforeJudge8mattsy. Onthe equaltobisdaring,wehnv*nodouMthatthe*. V .n u n , !TJIM WUS.LT_____orTOT Gumma WAn—DAWS istsonthis occasion was aboutasviolee* as ee aba* ew*/smfMhe*0jrorfenw*-w^Ev>*<«s, lUaea*.1-AL101 GARDES, moniiti. oeaoaat.-VOCAL AID I* the week previous, and 25 leas titan occurred government of that empire.possible that the effete Asiatic governments can where he was in poor Pierce's time, and to get borne thrtugh an atmosphere redolent of1-mbUestiee.wssfirmersad la goad demand, with tolerably tree sales,atqnilattoas swan to another place. The nnnaess ofTB\eHews* halderscheckedtransactionsinperk,whiletoemarket,7olDOI •"••••*»»a* niff**" AITS nn>wpcefilagthem tegetteragaino nTXAUAOM»•—- ••-'for IVUWSrwaa***Vj*J*1 t>A••••! i i i r aw**.*•thetwoPowers,wonld,itwasexpected,have ardtoevidentlynotingoododorwithtoere- rather indisposed to come to volutionary aboUtioniBts who disseminata these**&%It wiil bo curiousto notetheeffect which tidepromptsuccessofCheSicilianinsurrection,Pierrepont,pronounced estoomild,declaring thataslaveholderhadnettherighttobreathe*•<ItIsnotprobable,however,thatthesetardy tctal of 160licenses grantedthisjear. Bat half SanFrancisco,oftheassassinationofthePrince concessions, important though they are, willTBI! iWDW. », _woaau~Tan»aaespioatoaoffireworks.Aftersomeminorbusi- oew they adjourned.IthasmadeGaribaldiaooarbitor ofthedes- thpfearoftheletter'senteringintoatreaty dayshasbeenofaverycuriouscharacter,end oansetheyerewalkiag abouttoeworlde its tinies of continental Europe with himself. with the foreigners that h'as decided the impe- has served still further todevelope the schemes. their eyes shut, and so cannot see enyaw toginauyt GAnnsn, t u r n oAIDloo* lawW4.LLACI1 THB4TBX,Lknx m n w u n i , atm**at»a,.-J.«TThe Police Commissioner*, at their meeting yes. torday, removed from the force Jacob DeTuy, ofShould Napoleon, therefore, hare counted onrial government to accept the ultimatum offer-intrigues and bargainings of the politicians of [•wrong, that wo had pretty nearly lost oar fa ita.U*T»-Ova JaJABf* * i w BOWBBt,O n » u » - r•AJWOVS AMM1C4M MW1 •—!••. rnir—-_f——»»— SO*—<orBRVaWTBOeanrVltl.'VS StLOOM. imu is torn. DAI—Orationed to it It h v , in fact, become a questionand regulations. The usual report of the sanitary he will have outwitted himself. H e will find surd prejudices. It has prudently resolved which the investigation to levelled.cerned. The tact of the matter is, that crton of aH kinds has been steadily increasing In I hetm»mMt.q>t»»«*»—ASCOO*,tiAkingdom comes to b e decided upon, the voice ofGaribaldiwiilbeaspotentin determiningh erify the body politic with good, strong doses ef expressed his opinions o n that subject very theological blue pili. So, as the city progres* a tfirmly, as h e to accustoroMto d o generally, w ebelieve, and h e eudewfored b y argument t o im- came down liberally, and splendid religious pressthew%adomofthoseopinions uponMr. edificeswere erectedinfashionablelocalities. buskin, but nothing more. T h e substance o f White marble and brown stone took the place tfce evidence of Mx- Brown, of Philadelphia, of the red bricks of old time, the light of Hea- amounts to s*out thisf that Forney wanted to ven shone on the faithful through rose- Le placed at the beast of the Kitchen Cabinet, tinted windows, the persons drowsy tosm wasTack HtiaM-Mltlw f»r •a-xww*.United States,70of Ireland,36ofGermany,7 of andretardedthenegotiationsof our Minister,England, 2 of Scotland, and the balance of various Mr. Harris, and even after it had been deter- of 1ute. unprincipled and oppressive thoughPvobably therewi aa negotiation going on Butnotwithstandingallthto--notwithstasdisgbetvreen him and »h* black republicans at the the fact that we paid the parsons twice as mac*sameiime,whichMi .Baskinmightbeableto asbefore,andconsequentlytheyweretodutyif he wasasked,and ittellsomethingabjunVJy*"thatForney gotbisprice^in torque* souls—thingshave grownnobetterveryfast.ter Theblackrept ibUcans,nodoubt agreed Westill hear ofmurders, midnight assaolta,The arrival of the Arago at thia port last nightput* us ia possession of European files to the 30thandespedaUyformess,wasstiller,withsalesofnewat $1S 37X a »18 SO, sad of new prime at tUMaflSTt.On the policy o f th e Embassy In its Inter- party the hatred o f the old fossils o f the court, course with our government the recent occur- and it was hoped that, in depriving the present rencecanhavenoeffect, inasmuch asallthe Regent of life, an end would be put to questions that were to have been treated—the tbe projects of reform with which the old signing of a new copy of the first treaty, an and new reigns were Identified. Luckilytigatio « has brough suithasdone. IHaskinwait to light, and that is about 5 has shown, however, that i the master manager in this business. T h e conspiracy,.__mAM Wedtwflmore outrages. press. W e suspect thai the rapidity o f its pro- AtaregularmeetingoftheAmericanPhoto- gress will hare somewhat deranged the graphic Society, held last evening, a resolution was calculations o f Louis Napoleon. Therefor the Ocean Derbj as a comsaeacesaent L et Withsovaingloriousandoonoeiteda philanthropic sentimenls not,perhaps,he- usseewhatasuperbfleetwecangetapwjaeaJWaj.—US/awdH*n. r*l Broadway DMOU, U .CHBMTT'ISU*The usual daily meeting of the Excise Commis- sioners took place yesterday, but only one applies- tion for a license was received, which was granted onthepaymentofthirtydollars. ThismakesaREVOLUTION D J JAPAN—ASSASSINATION OF THE REGENT—The community w a s startled yester-day withceivedbytelegraph andoverland mail fromin wealth, the fine churches multiplied.1 Hi esofthefiftymeetinghaveyetboonheld. Accordingto theCity Inspector's report thereRegentofJapan, andthefearsofarevolution availthepresentdynastymuch, ithasforcen--FaoraeeoeJ*soae••.TTOMALOOUOOUT SaLOOH,SaSoavelTb-alre- were335deathsinthecityduringthepastweek,a rest from thepresence amongusofthefirstTiiru orHAaIO,MIinJeddo. Thesubjectacquiresagreaterinte-decrease of 31 as compared with the mortality of Embassy that has ever been sent abroad by the Many political systems and thrones. Tt is im-bj the London journals. By the Niagara,now former,Inbnlkand bags,at8d A«>gd.; l.COOcheeaebypreparatory to its departure, inorder that it may make a report o n the country, Y ankee no- tions and civilization in general, and receiving the public attentions that have been tendered to it. We have not yet learned what effect the late news has had upon the members, but it would not be surprising if it should diminish t h e i r d i s p o s i t i o n t o a t t e n d p u b l i c f e s t i v i t i e scannot fail to aid the effect of the reports that will b e made b y the Embassy o n their return.beenjoined tb e church; b inearly due at Halifax, w e shall have three days later intelligence, which will doubtless give us some more positive and decisive information rein, tii e to Garibalfi's movements. The Great Eastern *ui.J <u jtedly sailed for New York on Saturday last«d. steamer, at 60s, aadflour,at Is "s owenderfnllyUy ;ue bark Dawn, Captain Chase, which arrivedhere j eaterdaj from Buenos A yres, we are in p o s -B< t w i o n o i n e a r l y a m o n t h ' s l a t e r d a t e s . T h e D a w n t h a t t h e a s s a u l t w o u l d t a k e p l a c e o n t h e 2 7 t hh<t» made the paasage from port to port in the un-precedented time of thirty-six days. The dates just received, but from a despatch contained inahabringsaretothe5thnit.,the dayofher sail- one of the Paris journals itistobe inferred ing. The Legislative Chambers of Buenos Ayres that the assault took place on the previousand accept t h e attentions much desire to show them.whichthereIs s owere opeued on May 1. On the 2d General Mitreday. We have no means of judging, from theTHE ACTION OP CONGRESS.—ELECTIONEERINGAT THK Piuuc ExrtNdK—We publish today their death blow down to the wars of liberationa rtsttmi of the labors achieved by Congress undertaken in our own day, the European po-•ocratic party, and mce of Haskin in Forney InPenu-was elected Governor, and on the 3d he was duly scanty Information before us, of the extent of installedInoffice.Thenewgovernment,wearethelosssustainedbytheliberals.Fromthethus far during the present session, b y which our readers will see how little useful labor has been performed by the set of politicians who,pulations have been fighting for the same prin- ciples which are just now beginning to dawn en the Chinese and Japanese mind.ates for Lincoln, 1 of doing it Ifvelopement Here we may seeallclassessf society represented, allphases efcity lifo typi fled; but there to no invidious distinctiot. liberty, equality end fraternity reign. Thentold, was inaugurated with groat unanimity, a n dthe prospects for the country a r e looking brightIn our correspondence will be found some interest-ing account of the public improvements in the Argeutine Confederation, it appears there is some been aided from within, for we learn through uneasiness in Urngnay and Paraguay, so much so an English steamer, which arrived at Nsples that watlike preparation* are in progieas. on the 29tb, that a considerable portion o f t h eIn Congress yesterday tin* Senate discussed townspeople had risen in revolt An active the report of the Printing It', t&tigating Commit- bombardment o f the city had been commencedtee and the Civil Appropriation bill. In the Housethe Post Office and Fortification Appropriation bills tan troops. A s this is stated to have takensense to him, and then deluge the countihouses have com* to a dead lock on the Homestead pear that General Lanza h a d n o t made a n yblack republicans in the House tried to placeone of their partisans of the Helper stripe ia tional governments to foster and cultivate.effort to embark his men. He is probably C'ia.mittee ofConference. There isno probability entrenched in the neighborhood of the city,bill, and the subject will be committed to a newforce a s that under his command would imply, tance transpired in the Convention. They will the probabilities are that the next steamer willour readers yesterday, the recent discussion in the press a n d elsewhere a s t o t h e true essenceWI, Ohio; Brorelarr «f t h e a\ing friends o f the cause. N o business o f impor-"laamna, 'of *hy%ff "KtSsffuaasdaeiiiprobably adjourn over to await the action of the Baltimore Convention.t ot h ewarrants becauset h e thereexcuse i s n o tUanad Sjaaasamy,«— •* * " • * ,. - deal like ceutV ..juiIndlT*best ja beforehvThe Board of Aldermen met last evening. The royal cause. Messina and the other towns,CentralParkCommissionerssentinacommunica- tion stating than the expenditures on account of theParklorthecurrentyearwonldamounttothe •tin of $8S3,000; that $250,000 of that stun has already been authorised, and suggesting that, vwing to the favorable condition of the money market, an issue of stock for the foil amount re- quired be authorbed. The subject w a s referredwhichwereheldbyasystemofterrorism,only awaited the fall of Palermo to declare for Ga- ribaldi Even themilitary and police,by which they were garrisoned, were known to be so disaffected to the government"governing classes"of theQuakerCityto prove themselves the worst blackguards whom theJapanesehaveyetencountered.it may be that If the procession arranged for this eity is not done away with, on account of the rumored death of the Regent, that the exampleofthePhiladelphiarowdieswillbe imitatedbytheir confreres in this city. Thetests. Themost importantofthesewillbea sweepstakes regatta, to be sailed on the 2a of July, before thesummer cruises commence. It is proposed that this shall be a sort of Ocean Derby, free for all yachts, pilot boats and coasting schooners that choose to enter. The course t o b e from Sandy Hook t o the light ship off Cape May and back; the yachts to sail i n classes b y themselves for one prize, t h e pilot boats a n d schooners i n classes b y them- selves; tbe start to b e simultaneous, and toe race conducted under the rules of theManmalofUjeWatnct,EUT.tayec, This, it strikes us, to * t goeutotheFinanceCommittee. TheMayortentiaamessage vetoingthe actionoftheBoard author-izingthelayingoutofMountMorrissquare.The Bythistime,therefore,wemaycalculatethat Board concurred with the Councflmen ia appoint- the whole of the Island has been won over to ing a joint oomsatttoe to make arrangements for the cause of the revolution. Thus wDl have the celebration of Independence Day. A commu-nicationwas receivedfromtheCorporationCoun- the briefest butmost glorious struggles that sel relative to assessing owners of property forpaving streetswith Belgian pavement A synop- hasever been fought inthe name of liberty.out any such demonstration at the earliest pos- sible moment It Is bad enough to bring tbe Japanese in contact with the Alder- men, but to subject them to the coarse jokes and Impudent intrusion of the friends and supporters o f o u r City Fathers to going one step too for. Will the Police Commie- >ioners take especial note of the fact that the Japanese have only narrowly escaped t h eBlair,orBanks,orBurling awe,erHkemss,oa Haskin.orForney-aR goodlopohiicasi. Then, Greeley wants to b e .PbamssteiWebb and Raymond are afu r foreignand Weed must have something good if the rail-splitting party e-qpectto eerrythisStats.sis of the Inismsal is given in our report of the proceedings.There was s great deal of routine business trans-influence onthepopulationof Calabria, already willbeseenbyov reportoftheproceedings. A impatientforarieing.andItisnotlikelythattheybeen often alleged that some of these vessels can beat the fastest yachts In the squadron. T h e " George Steers" pilot boat will have a n op- portunity to show her qualities against tbe schoonersoftheyacht fleetIn addition to this, toe Rebecca has received andacceptedtwochallenges—onefromthe eloop Scud, to sail to day from Hoboken to thethe spoils o f victory s o long before tbeacted by the Board offlnanisTsnin. last evening, ast o«.roport of the Cosnasittoe oa vTsnrvoa, Piers and Blips was adopted, authorising the Comptroller to settlewithHenryConekhn,contractorlottery enlargement, aad also directing the Commissioner to advertise for proposals topie to the unfinished work, excepting 100the suslaeaatatIj part tor the saw o f Qaatgeferry. Mr. Hackney characterised the scheme aa saonuageaadarobheryuponthecity.Thenames of the memhsjsj who voted for aha measure are given m oar5 reportwill await the arrival of Garibaldi with his Utile of patriots. Calabria once in arms, the ofrevoltwillspreadwithlightningra- pidity northward, end the kingdom o f Naples willhewon bythe influence ofa namealone. Bet she hero of Vareae places his footfriware, osoasaad *TJ^** t L s K l ^JETLi? 1 entirelyLaw'slitionists o f the Garrison school have declaredtheir preference for Lincoln over Seward insomeverystronglanguageandresolutions,atthe Anti Slavery Convention held in Bostonthe other day. Wendell Phillips thanks G od abroad and from other parte of the country that Wm. H . Seward was rejected, and thinks-.crt-iTer of the C*5**»tlo« wt* a W. Graad Ladsa ofAninstanceofexemplaryandimmediatepunish beinganameless adventurer,has risentothethis dance of the poliriciarts. They talk nowas ate o n e nrpht receive the hospitalities of their metro- 1^J7y begaz' flat ^ S » g ^ * "Triumph o f th\o laaatrrectiom 1st Sicily-. Garibaldi 1st Palermo.The Axago and North Briton bringsus the an- nouncement of the entry of Garibaldi into Pa- lermo. The last advices from that port statedInand suppress it, public opinion amongst the Asi->ichh ealliedhimself—of May. There is some confusion in the dates;of DouglasandLe- senMenottobeequalledtotheworld. On1 ig for Lincoln and fine Sunday the Park to a grand church, when 'have succeeded in tens o f thousands o f t h e overworked populi tion of the metropolis assemble to worship tie Deity through the atocerest form of adoratiot homage to the beautiful In ita grandest d»onSundaymorning, the27th, bytheNeapoli-mentexistsinallgreatcities,andcan onlyberepressed by military power, asin Europe, or forth—get two members of Congress,were passed. T h e evening session was occupiedwithdebateoatheNavalAppropriationbill. Both place both by sea and land, it would ap- party cliques. For many weeks the ultraIof Congress adjourning on the 18th—the session awaiting a chance of either repairing his ill this, they have been continually manufacturingthousand sweet regrets and the conscious ssofhavingbeenmadebetter andpurerb' nfluences. DecidedlythetruecitydvilizerCentral Park.EXCEMENT OF RBPCBUCAN CABINSr M* country paper has already prtov Lincoln'sCabinet,inthesubjoinediaet bu alrealy beeadtsigaatodbrCW .nam aad aady C*x-ttn, o. Pailt.4«l»eaiathtaway:-8e**wtaiT0<Stale,WJ -k. Secretary ofihetreasary.Saw.Saerataryof War.S. *•<£*<* rj, WBJ..L.Da/tea,ofstewJ* tokP. BUIr.sfstawet^iPbSthe whole affair, from beginning to end,was a shame and a disgrace t o Philadelphia—acitywhichmakesmoreclaim to decency,and andspiritofyachtingbaastirredupanumberof Beaeaofraiaordepaiwith t h e smallest foundation, than any other the members o f the Club, and they are making Horace Greeky, St"Or tg-aa:As>. in the country. It has been reserved for the arrangements for several very interesting con- army, Cotoael Alexander G-ew,.will doubtless be extended to the middle if not the end of July.The delegates to the Democratic Southern Se-ceden* Presidential National Convention m e t a tIiithmond. Va., at noon yesterday, and organised ten to the relief of Messina. This can only be by selecting ex-Governor Lubbac, of Texas, for done bysea, asallthe roads are in possession chairman. AlltiesecedingStates,exceptDela- oftheinsurgents,andhewillhardlyjiakfight-a nt its.ing his way through them with such a leader representing themselves aa delegates from Na- as Garibaldi hanging on his rear. The ques- tional Hall, presented credentials, and asked to be tion is, whether he can succeed In getting off toKING.—Aed a list 01 paragraph:ware. were represented. A party from New York,really T h e Corpora- tion authorities deserve severe reprehension fur exposing the Embassy to the taunts, jeersadmitted t o t h e Convention. T h e Committee o nCredentials, however, reported adversely to their of the liberals? If his troops are demoralized admission, bat the Convention allowed them thecourtesyoCseatsintheConvention,assympathiz- totheextentwhichhisdefeat withsostrongaThe thingisquite feasible.OldAbesOat 8cnars,of Wats UwUlMsaadaa1Vbring u s the news of his capitulation. The results o f tins victory are fatalof the end o f the sessionof giving them the go-bytime to attend to them, or else they are taken uppiecemealandInaveryincompleteman* ner.Thestateofthings in theSenatehasbeen little or no better. There a democratic majori- ty has been engaged during the whole session•e;i Attorney 0*1* / atr iy master t-nerad, GNEW YORK HERALD, TUESDAY, JUNE 12, 1860.-1W^oorState CMxrte,was inflicted in theUnited States of the world. Were his personal ambition1Mthoftast month a daring mutiny was createa hi gratitude of the people whom no has liberated•jebeyoaboardtheshipWilliamF.Storer,from wouldaccordhim&ehighestdignitiesintheirwhich one death resulted. The auttraeers weretriedaadconvicted,aadsevenorthemsentenced theconsolidation oftheentireItalianpeople thirtydays.to periods of atophWBJMtt Wpag frontseven effected, be will, however, like Ciadaaatos,4 ^ oh cams eheM wear a cbia*|tin's flag,end. {we wsslifeenoughleftIntoettorftfar efco%"**>**siwaysreadytosailforit1^poww to bestow. His work aoeomplished, andteWOttM wwv atthemattseada«years in Sing bang at hard labor to oae year and anominal fine. T h e eighth offender is dangeronaiyill in pii*or.,aad of course sentence was not pro-nounced upon him. H s d these reckless men beenmadeamenabletotheStateauthoritiestheymightperhapshavelain ia prison formeatus,aadthensome ingenious "quibble of the law''might have and the results by which it will be followed, in won on the Peiho, over the combined forces of a breath of God's free atmosphere. Mr. Sew- sentthemforthoathe0ceinoftintocommit Naples,willhaveoatheFrench ministerialseek the modest retirement which forma the op A NEW PouncAi. ERA IS TOT EAST—One sneaker doctored that atovehelaV sniporble addition to toe squadroa, aad aa impt xm gWee to the sport such as it never has hat I to this country. W e advise everybody Is p > aamost appropriate termination o f so disinterested aid glorious a career.in which the Chinese difflcttitiee with England and France have ter- minated provesthat theimperialists musthe inabadway. Thevictory which theyhadyachtingby another year w e expect to see a 1during the corresponding week last year. The re-NO. « t BBOAI>WAT.-CA.uro**u Sou Miiiura *x capitulation toble gives 2 deaths of dicessee of the It is well known that ever since the appear- withstand for any length of time the contacttbe manageraent ef ti se administration organ at Paris periomes, the genius of the- cabinet-« > t m rTRIPLE SHEET. MAILS FOR XUEOPX.iwreM MoaWednesdayfarLiverpool. TUBcottonsaarketjestorday.boreteesameaspectof TweEeiwneaa-aelsi*Wcloseaihii*ytliiitaiwsMSSwhichoharactoriass.itoa8stanUy,whiletoochangeofpolicywaseffected,andforatimeItaftaraawathalfseateaeo'vtecktogobyrailroad,aad atfesssahracedabout400A500bales,etestagoathebisis was doubtful whether itwould ever leave atAo-wrw*totea*e'cocato|»a*etesstliiil ofU,eformiddlinguplands. Flourwasheavy,esps- the shores of Niphon. A compromise ta*Bwaaa-aeabmno*turnHaauwwtlibeoeblabed ciAily(orcosasaonandlowtradesofStatesadMissouri was at last effected, and the Embassyalt. The utiri concerning th e progress of the Si- Sugars were la good demand, and the advance noticed atJohnB. whole I.;-:ieral fevers, 1 unknown, s a d 2 0 from violent•*uses. The nativity table gives 210 natives of the tween the tw o has frequently interfered withopportunityofstudyingthepolicyandusagesot Christian nations. It was not so muchthe o"g e and the short of the printing spoils he road to heaven was built on a down grade, andTee H*wTfceCuaerdseensteasaahiaArabm,Oapuaatoaw,will foreigacountries. minedtosendanembassytoWashington,alessons that were derived from her systemAAteae'etootlaIkamarelng.magteoopin,mwrapper*,oreads,whiletherewasatan-demandbothfromthe dosasstte sad expert bade. Southern flour sold to a fairThe ooaiaae* ef Oa tuaoraui Sumo* or taa HBALD iteat.Atd without change ot hnportoaes in quotations. win eaaab-as IS* aewa reserved by mall aad tatoypa at Wheat was heavy for common aad sprint grades, while ito)aSteedariagto*prevtowswee*,udoptotoebourof therewasafairsasmadtormillingandforexport. CorntomsheMmClerk« .f theHouse,whichagree-rowdybrawlsamongthelowerclasses,aadaaskilful military dispositions made b y GeneralLan/a, however, it is probable that it was verysevere. The attack on the city seems to have by getting hold of the existing corrupt andidates.-The black is no rowdyism, no fighting, no misconduct efsuccess or of getting off the force under his bills of a political and impracticable charac- command without further loss. Hisobject, ter,suchastheHomesteadbill,theTariff bill,put down mobs; b u t recent demonstrations wouldseemtoindicatethatsoonerorlaterthe law must assert its majesty in some effective way. The reception of the Japanese at Phila- celphia is a case in point There the usual orderofthingswasreversed. Thebarbarians,It is for more probable thatnow that Palermo is captured, will be to hasand others, for the sole purpose of creating contests with the Senate and raising some question for local effect. In the meantime the true business of legislation—the re vision a n d codification o f a n incongruous mass of revenue laws, the passage of the bills for the necessary appropriations to carry on the government, the adoption of measures to render our small navy equal t o t h e exigencies ofourgrowingcommerce,andnumerousother subjects o f great national importance—have been compelled to lag along .till the approachhis vessels now that the port is in possessionthat it was confidently expected that, in a violent attempt to commit party suicide*as soon as the news of the capture of Palermo reachedthem,theywouldatonceunitewith the inhabitantsinhoistingthe nationalcolors.in which it has very nearly succeeded. Mean-whilethetreatieswithforeignnationsharebeen abandoned to neglect,orelsemadetheoccasionofpoliticalandpersonalattacksby policeshouldhavespecialorderstocrushSenators on each other, and a studied systemchanan was first made an object of attack,because he was suspected of favoring some The effect of this news on the main land and one of the ambitions and intriguing politi- at Naples will be a t disastrous a s half a dozen 4 cal cliques, a n d when i t w a s found thatof thwarting the administration which it pre* terminated, so for as Sicily is concerned, one of tends to support has been practised. Mr. Bu-Club. The appearance of the swift pBot boatsand schooners in the Ocean Derby will makethe race interesting toeverybody, as Ithas It to very odd, however, thto quarrel shoutmilitary defeats. It wDl exercise an electriche favored none of them, the Attackswere continued because he did not doso. Therestofthesessionislikelytobecon-sumed in conferences, ostensibly intended tosettle differences purposely created, and which itisnotmeantshallberemoved. OntheRe-theirstaytothemetropolis. venue bill we are likely t o have a dead lock.ture tariff measure, combined as a political e« aha mainland the dominions of the trick, as the price of its consent that the debtsTIONARY ABOLITIONISTS.—Tbe revolutionary abo- new sloop, the Charlotte, t o saB around Long lawyerWg^J^]^*Bourbons will have been wrested fromofthegovernmentshallbepaid,andtheother refutes t o commit such an act o f folly.Untitled DocumentMeanwhile the country pays the piper forIsland. The particulars o f the last race will b e made public in a few days. Among other mat- ters agitated in the Club to toe project of a club house u p town, where yachting men fromr JAJIOaaw,oaeofateatostaaaitMa Ujustdiad.atsefaasra-aeoftrf.Ctsuuaav,oat at of FaiBaturdayteat,att*cowattygrasp,will lie at the disposal of a man who, fromtheira a dthese fairpoaessatonet h eannouncemento fthe news, re-bones,joints, Ac, 64 of the brain and nerves, 10 of ance of Commodore Perry in the Japanese wa- with European civilization. The struggle which the generative organs, 15 of the heart and blood ters two parties have existed in that country. they successfully maintain with their subject*, vessels, 84 of the lungs,throat, Ac.,5 of old age, One of these favored the idea of intercourse only because of their imperfect appreciation of 96 of diseases of the skin and eruptive fevers, 7 stiH- with foreigners and the opening o f their ports the true principles o f government, at, once turns bornand premature births,53 ef diseases ofthe to commerce, while the other advocated the to their disadvantage when the latter havean stomach,bowelsandotherdigestiveorgans,38of exclusivepolicywhichhassolongcharacte-ot a seat in the Unite d States Senate,T|hWatap- devise rare and curious pattenas tor the • » -books were resplendent in Turkey SaOrocc* and gold, tbe pew cushions were toxurioua as thedivaiisofOrientalprinces Altogether,thsrized that country and China. The conflict be-cOlaa revolution is confirmatory of that previously the close of last week wss fully sustained. The trsnaao-received. That Garibaldi is master of Palermo and Uons embraced about 1,200 hhds., si rates given in understanding with our government as .to the the friends of progress proved too strongAnothercomma. Coffee was steady and rather firmer, anticipated designs of Russia towards Japan, for them, and they were promptly madelecomptonit seems, was hate* ed in his house, and it Is to and sends the victim headlong into the abyssmaking good progress towards the subjugationofthe entire bland cannot longer be questioned. So j^ito salsa ot about 1J»o a 1^00 ba«s Rio, at lStfc. and some arrangement of*the currency ques-his tact La roping* a the twenty five members—who nave* now « windled down to about a me arrangling among them-contradictory and uiautasfsuloij a n the Neapolitan I Treighto were heavy There was some less offering, withofficial deapatofc.es span thai point, that toey a n re. more room oa the part of ship owners, and rates for Uvorpoolstonedtofavsvofshippers. Amongtheeagage-tion—have all been discussed, aad the Embassyhas taken formal leave o f the President. I t isto pay the penalty of their crime. The event itself will probably exercise a beneficial influ- ence on the prospects opened to us by the pre-dozen, owing to em selves—that the n s its birth. Mr. MaaLof crime,I » this state o f things w e look about for t*«w dvfltoer, something t o refine and elevate •U classes, the rich sod the poor alike, and w t find it in the Central Park. That splendid public work, n o w jest beginning t o ladicawthe full glory of its future, u working a sUeetrevolution among us—a revolution o f which that h e c irriea carnal the merely superficial observer c a n have e e n. idea. The work is an art monument in itself riends are now using Its broad roads, tasteful bridges, delightful f t b e b l a c k r e p u b l i - p r o m e n a d e s , d e l i c i o u s v i e w s , m a k e u p a n e »cerved with great distrust or altogether discarded maats were 41,000 bushels of corn and wheat, chiefly the now merely passing the time in taking notes sent Embassy. The Indignation excited b y itti Lecompton faction owes Ins tact and energy havedeveloped only sincehe it it must have been thenow here was sent out, consisting of one re- presentative of each of the two parties in the empire, both of whom are to make their re- spective reportson their return.ment they have fuifl lied, and probably to give occasional defalcation higher la the socialfc n t!» public pri nting, or make him Post scale. On the one hand the poorer classes aredebased political organizations, have wormed themselves into the legislative seats.Almost the whole of the time of Congress since it came together in December has been occupied with the most open and flagrant elec- tioneering, in order to affect, one way or the other, the political prospects of the severalWILL N o ONE ASS.-ATLT SUXKBR?- republicans are very anxious to g e tsome one drunken *sy non-y with d soany kind. There is cheerful gayety, the prattit of children, the silver laughter of women, tin merry shout of the young man, and the self satisfied chuckle of the veteran. The eye rest* on t h e nineteenth century shepherdesses a n itbe Speaker's chair. After their de'eat inIn this country there are certain insupera-b'e objections to the employment of troops to South will again attack Mr. Sumner for any-JOnesideinsists uponthepassageof animma-RATmcATTos O F LINCOLN n r T H E REVOLU- Southwest Spit and back, and the other from a utt., m laTaTyear of bis aaa.thai ftaaTae. leg* Ha batatas as «*» "St, lSlStaaMprosdamthVmtke expire** of the ooeetttntiemil term ofpoor , o u t reiterated thanks to Beee^mv*atpeopleadoptedappointingacommitteetoobteiafundsto are no longer any means of keeping fact,havehadthattendency, butforthepres- either,but because they think theycannee TaxGREATCrrr ()rvTLana.-Wsnevehasvrda n advantage o f this sort would, i n ^ri*>jW^B~-f«3*BsfcT13f« send a photographer with the proposed Arctic ex- Garibaldi In the background, and depre- sure of other circumstancespedition of Dr. Hayss. There h a s never been a photographer in those regions, and the society a i t anxious to obtain lifelike pictures. Resolutionsciating his services, a s i n the Italian campaign.It has been known for eeme time past that the rebellion was rapidly gaining ground, endhim better for wbuhief end revolution.WHATTHE Covoos INVESTIGATIONHASBROVOSTTfor many years a great deal of utter aoaats tat shout the dviltoation of toe In 11n si « sn- tury, end have found the facte as entirety, op-If t h eEmperor hassecretlyencouraged the••.103 were also adopted sympathising with the family of present movement, as is suspected to b e the even Sbanghae and Canton have been alarmed TO LIGHT.—The evidence token before toe posed to the theories of the phWosephua, j rhe -Mr.Hadfleld, who was killed ia Williamsburg by case, he has made a grand political mistake- by the close proximity of the insurgents. It to CoTode committee for toe tost two or three fondly think that everything is going well, ho-both parties, while it does not In the leaet effectthe Twentieth precinct, for violation of the rules Naples by the aid of the revolutionary leader with it ofexi^nce, orofthe sacrifice ofits ab- the integrity of the administration, sgainst diminution of crimes against society to O sn-force was received sad referred to the Chief Clerk, after which the Board adjourned,that,whenthefuturepoliticalallocationofthat ufonthelatter; foritis well aware thattheTheevidenceofMr.Hasktn,forexample,onthe Lecompton question, clearly 4nmonstratesthattherewasnothingimproperonthepartofthe President during the interviews which Has- generally. T h e religious world hoped to 1 mInformation has boon received that hereafter the paasageofasinglelettertoandfromallpartsofGermany and Switzerland,per Hamburg steamers, it aa his own. will not exceed fifteen cents.ptogreseive spirit which has tod to the presentnotwithstandingth eeffortso f »carrying out his dynastic views In regard toin toe •progress of the age," es for so tots oin coming t o a n accommodation with govern- ments who could give them such eftjetive aid from withoutspite,therefore,o fa l leffortst ocontrolamongstlarge aportiono f t h eturies maintained th*> 9&r/<- conflict of force against public opinion whichhaswreckedsochurchprobably Henry W a r cords o f Congress show weapons upon hie perseMr.Ha*kin andhis1 Douglasforthebenefit ccans. Under the garment compton, they are fotriguhblack republicanism. The*) getting up a fi/>ht In the denthey hope, by using the influ New York, and Htokmanand sylvania, to carry these twoSt and they may have a fair chanci the democrats nominate two caneROWDTISM IN IH K GREAT CITIIS.—The in-crease of rowdyism in our great cities isgetting t o b e a n alarming argument againstour institutions, or rather a strong commentary to assault Mr. Sumner. They get a upon the inefficiency of the persons chosen to man to go into his room and talkti). preserve the public peace. The rowdy ele-aticitself and in gaining its victories, just as it has triumphed over similar obstacles amongst t h e W e s t e r n n a t i o n s . W h a t h a v e b e e n t h e c o n - tests which have divided a n d torn Europe since the Middle Ages but conflicts of opinion? From the time when feudal customs receivedpopulations willsucceedi nemancipatingby that innate love o f order a n d natural self-Mayor e f the federal capital and a n y numb of police to protect the Massachusetts Senatoi and make a great fuss generally. It hi not at all likely that a n y foolish fellows from thething he may say.they will let him rave on unnoticed; but whycould not the thing be done by subscription?A large reward might tempt some ''murderous is tin ruffian," say fromthe Soiiui, out of fundsand COOT. ravenousforwhiskey,todothe&mguphand-somely. Let the black republicans by allmeans get up a contribution for the purpose.iceptct which it is the end and aim of constitu-a* w e call them, seemed t o b e the onlycivilized persons in the crowd.t^Weago to esy to toe New ^^retoodirty." Thetaagntge<rftheabotittoa-cneiteaV*** • ••*uprisingpopulation would speedily find its advantage kin and others h a d with him. T h e PresidentMr. Lincoln hi quite u p to theirwe try.Washington, after toil 1 disappointment i n searchmaker and upholsterer was taxed to its Lvnitatarms of England that won her Hindoetan as the exp acted. through a champagne country.it frequently was. It is to the same conflictofopinionthatmaybeattributed tbe assassination of the Regent of Japan- Contact withtheAmericans hadopenedthe eyesandenlarged themindoftheoldEmpe- ror, and h e favored the views o f the progres eiveparty,to whose efforts weowe thepre sence of the first political mission ever Bent to a foreign country. His liberality won for hi..boundtosavedoubletheformernumberotmastei General, if they should succeed In elect-demoralized b y drink, b y being crowded into holes in which no gentleman would put bis dog, by being shut out from the light ef Heaven, and deprived of the pure air—God'sfree gift to all—and on the other, the struggle for place, position, and, above all, money, breaks down all the safeguards of moral principle,militantt ow irumors o f a n attempted: assassination, a athe modern cavaliers, moving figures in a spleadii or landscape wbich the pencil of a Claude or a Watteau would have loved to paint T at senses are soothed, the heart delighted,ani tbe man, woman o r child leaves the Park w i nwed insults of scurvy fellows who ought REVIVAL AMONG THE YACHTSarnN.--NEwAND &ward,ofKew Vato have been in the penitentiary, and IMPORTANTRACKSTOCOMEOFF.—ASweapprised Cameras,ofPei 17&LIiTaVaHe",joVfala.ca.» « •&cyllathe Charybdb o f Philadelphia rowdyism, and so take care that thsy are protected duringo f theWashingtonwomenfall uponrJ T^ Ztogindividualsorslave* £ t o ^ ~ ^ « £jJ £ * ^ f £ * asentiment which anotherspeaker,Rer. Mr.Jwearetonavw• ar- ,i Beecher's—for the re-metropolis,Tract Society,toeparsonsandpbitonthrop!its«««..hi, price for « W « * J j ^ ^ future, the Bibles, hymn end prayerjH-acs t o havetie administration;wanted at Washing** >n, or for some other rea- sen,hedidnotgotthemanagementofthebeetsbut whether h e w a s n o tlent Thesebargnrtings among: all parties the Covode inves-irg tbc« next Pre^itIntriguesa n d- , to detrtee rare aa» »*•«-— r — -togchickensbeforethey arehate,likely to be. According t to the .Old Abe has a herd rosn \ to travel reaches the Whits House, end mastother politicians besides th oee above Wedonotfindinthelist;thenamesoftsfOswhas been fought.wait until they see what to done st BaltimoreFire la 1 - _, _ matesrawefdwsttagasses¥aSsass*«8t GeorgafOld jUa?%irtos*tohedotaera, was entirely destroyed •»**»•» « • ••••swaswraObUws.ry. Judge lfr»Aa»jfca*»y*^ss»- ef the Thomas M. Tryniski309 South 4th Street Fulton New York13069www.fultonhistory.com 