 NEW YORK HEKALD,Fccrtu district mschaet Tuomey was caaaimoualf of Buchanan and Fillmore ower iVeanoot wns prrtnahrd the existence of Christianity, and who, NEW YORK HERALD. neaitoated. hTothtog was done to the Eighth dis- 43^00, and that in no awbeeqwent election fcawe even in their decay and degradation, resnsci-successful in the fteeidential election. tlhennot naif will the Southern States beinto the abandonment of their tettitutioas, bntthe men of the North will be brought under, theIron discipline of Brownlsm revived. The Ger- f mated by toman to now deprived of his lager bier aad his Forrest leaves all these traditions to the steep ef public "garden" On Sunday. But the time may the just and plays Hamlet as he understands k, soon come when be will not be allowed to taking the plain meaning of tbe tert and con- walk even in his private garden or yard, or to veying It without any nonsense or affectation te kiss his tvoto on the Sabbath day. If. then, this the ai.oteaee. The people nay, "Wetrict.J 4 B 1 I G O I B O I ! » • • * * * • The BepoblicaaCfc and County Convention, ttthe republicans been able to bring up theto tated the expiring arts, gas* a new impulse tovote to a mhnHer deficiency than 2*V»0 of their commerce and organized the tows of naviga- was fcc Ftewnl Of the f*te of 1866 there tion, may be expected to do much in any andtouch of snobbery.vnuyivABOBi.THEATRE,WaiAaCW*t i m i f t iUkOaUia New York of fifty thousand, with proper efforts among all concerned to bring this ma- jority out To this end the advice which Master Weed so earnestly gives the republicans should be followed by their adversaries; for organize, organise, now and henceforward, to the close ofdepopulated and desolated Christendom for ages. It ought to be nipped in the bud before it bears its fatal fruit for the poisoning of oar serial relations, and the loosening of those botds ef fraternity aad equality which ought to unite together all citizens of this republic, without regard to their religious creed or the place of their nativity.It to the most dangerous element of national discord that ever entered bite the politics of a people. Many a time has it been a wedge to split up nations—a small portion of the thinner end being at first introduced, and creating but little alarm, but driven home by degrees and by repeated strokes, till it had accom- plished its deadly work. It has been the cause of the most bloody civil wars infiWTOB AND PWraiEIOB. their nceetingtostevening, nominated John Keenerfor Register and William B. StewarttotSapervisor. was a republican deficiency last year, on the every career they may adopt The new ele-ooani or u w AX* wttox tn. The Board of Aldermen did not organise tost teat question ef Secretary of Stoto, of some ments of society axe ia every way available to•MM•»••«•• •#••*••••hi aia earnest, and in all hasaccciui in command to Miramoa. This is »aid to be attributable to Pacheco** influence. Threats against Vera Cruz continue to be made, but no- thing will l-e done till next month.Our Santa Fe advices, which are to the 10th tost.,state that Mr. Denver and assistant, who carriedthe maiis between Sauta Fe and 1-21 Paso, had been ticle which we transfer to this paper from themorucrvd by the Indiana on the 1st tost. The Albany Journal, will discover that in this savage-destroyed the mtil and coa:h, and thendrove off the horses. Fifteen hundred regular New York union movement the sword of Da- troop* had been ordered to the Navajo county. mocles is suspended over the head of the repub-A. number of Walker's men arrived at New Or- lican party, aa by a single hair. Thurlow lean* from Truxillo ye*terday. Walker and Rattier, Weed, who knows every inch of the ground, is who weir in prison at Truxillo, were to have been alarmed. He significantly inquires, "Are notiting the spirit of the whole, and putting the creed of New England in a nutshell:—Let men of God in court and churches watch. O'er such as do a toleration hatch.A shocking tragedy was enacted yesterday W gramme of the republican party has something•onto street.* An English shoemaker, named in it of positive strength. Indeed, thesuceees Pierrepoint,hiaitofjealousyshotaMrs.Jour*,*ofthisNewYorkunionmovementforthesaketo whom he had been paying attentions. Thewound to deemed atotalone, aa the ball entered of the Union ia a most encouraging political therighttemple aad conld not be extracted bv the event. The pressure of public opinion has surgeons. Full particulars are given eiaewha-.-. been too strong for the managing old partymany, and when this is accomplished no man I the Lord's day a capital offence. The punish-claimingtorulebyvirtueof"thegraceof!mentofdeathwaserasedbyWinthrop,butnoGod" candrive the Napoleonic dynasty from alteration was effected in the provision whiohfor-evening, a quorum not being present. It was un- 24,000, and a united opposition deficiency of the great principles of the Roman republic; and,derstood that many of the members were absent in consequence of the death of Nathan Peck, Esq.. father of the President of the Board, which took place to Connecticut, on Saturday last, at the very house in which he was born, eighty years ago. It is only about six months since the "golden wed-• » • • 3iOfll ding*'—the fiftieth anniversary of Mr. and Mrs. Peck's wedding day—was celebrated by a numer- ous circle of friend*.nearly 60,000— making a total reserved vote of 100,000.We base no hesitation In saying that full two-thirds of this reserved rose of 100,000 may be set down against the republican part/, to say nothing of the new vote which will be added to that of 1866 in our November elec- tion. The materials are abundant for a popuworked out under these, with equal justice to all classes aad every individual, by the new life snd energy of Italy, its' intellect may soon again change the face of Europe.How to PutA great public meeting of the enlighteneddersUnd Forrest we at, and therefiwhat he to and exalt him."dtotely to denounce the revival in our midst ef .-13UUM OMMU-LA TaV transacted a large amount of routine business. Nu- tor conservative Union majoi ity against Lincoln that spirit of religion fanaticism which haslooks back with horror. » "body of the people," and represents It _———_.—-^——-—— fully. Still, Mr. Forrest to ne l i a a a n W .F o r r e s t amd Site A m e r U a n D r s m a - T h e he to not rude nor vulgar. He toTHIS 1 T W W O .The Board of Councilmeu met last evening andHA5D—ROTJJUST-THEATRX, No. fM Broadway.-Taaratvons reports of committees and papers from theBoard of Aldermen were received and laid over.Mr.McOonneH presented a preamble and resolu-tion intovorof amending the ordinance relative tothe licensing of cartmen, so as to compel theowners of public carts to pay a license of 12 50,and fifty cento for the renewal of each license. the battle, to the word. The reaolution was laid over. In reply to a reso-Latest Metropolitan SesasatttaauIt has been very truly said of us that we de- light in sensations Sometimes our sensation to political, sometimes diplomatic (as in the case of the Japanese), sometimes historical and poetic (as in the vtoit of tbe Prince of Wales), sometimes maritime (as in the voyage of the Great Eastern). These sensations react upon tbe newspapers—we mean newspapers in thea live man,ftdl of mental and physkalAnd he tempers the fotHim in re with a judi- cious admixture of the euoeaav in saoaV. Nothing can be flier than his meetiog with his old schoolfellow, his scenes with the player*, acd bis farewell to Ophelia. And hto dettvery cl the noble soliloquies gives tobeauty. And, to *um up, Mr. Forrest sthe ideal of (he character, wLet there be no more of these ridiculous fac- tious quarrels over democratic regularities, Fourth avenue, he waa of opinion that all work democratic platforms, democratic principles,lution oftoqtdry,the Corporation Counsel stated thattoregardtothetoyingofthe Crotonmains in»nr aowxnv THRAtaa. -Lot DAIS ofBA*innra AIIXRICAK XUSETJ*, "»?dj"»y; omou- done for the city costing over $260 should be democratic usages, or American principles, ort - J o a m AA» His •o*raaa*-LrvuK» performed by contract. The report of old whig principles, or any such rubbish. All nrairar « « S « w « r ^ l S ! : 2 * avoaoway.- the Ccmmittee on Assessments, in favor these things are "obsolete ideas." Theretotrue sense of the term, which reflect the state of his own. He has brought to bear upon It afloats, DA*CSS, A6.-JUS* OaM-VT8U>* SAUK)*, Broadway -Hcoiwr * CA Wttttt l , m u i M KimwriAji Soaos, BSBLSMOB JUscae, A c -•AWOftAllOa 1*1*. ^mmmmmmm WATIOWALTHXAsTXX.C^aBiBtreeV-Dsms DAVM-of donating to the Roman Catholic Orphan hot one idea, one question, one alternative, in A.-ytum, in Fifth avenue, the .sum of $7,123 71— this canvass—the success or the defeat oi thisthe public mind—end we have sensation de ecriptions ot the latest sensation, done in the sensation style. That makes sensation journal- ism, which to of the very highest order, because it depicts passing events exactly as they im press themselves upon the masses of the people.•fresh, vigorous American intelligence, am ef course it to the beet performance for ex American audience. It is the Hamlet of to-day, aad the actor renders the story aa If its ioct- dento occurred yesterday.a sufficient amount to remit the assessments on thatInstitution—was adopted, Mr. Piockney only votingrepublican party and its crusade of extermina- tion against the " slave power." New York toCAKTESSCRT MUSIC HALL, SB Broadway.-Sosas sale system of donations. The Board concurred to balance of power—she can, and we hope she Hungary, Great Britain and Ireland. In thoseTRIPLE- »Wear %oi a, T a n i S f iSHEET.cause the erection of a prison and lodging house inthe rear of the Twenty-second precinct station choice between the supremacy of the constitu and even in the United States, when they were house. The bill of ex City Inspector Morton for tion, under which we are bound to recognise yet British colonies, it put to the rack innocent services aad legal expenses in June, 135?', amount- and respect the domestic institutions of the men and women, and ostracised the Quakers,stand that he to engaged for three hundred nights, and receives five hundred dollars per night This engagement will be finished ia about a year and a half; ao that Mr. Forrest will erjoy a clear income of one hundred thou- sand dollars per annum- a pleasant admixture oftitebank note and the laurel. And whet he finally retires from the scece of hto present triumphs, we should not be at all surprised if some sensation constituency in this city or Philadelphia ehould take him up and send htox to Congress, to give the Hocsiers aad fire- eaters some idea of good language and good manners. They might indeed, have done agreat deal worse.Nfcv.-si'arcn ASTCSITOS—In the telegraphic report of the Prince of Wales7 movements, pub- lished in our issue of Sattu day. there occurs a paragraph which would not hare appeared but for the lateness of the hour at which the de- fpatch was received. We allude to the passage which reflects censure on the reporters of twojournals—the London37»tes audthelV&.m*'—for certain steps which they thought proper to take in the discharge of their avocations. The ia- sinualion that they intruded themselves on the special train of the Prince without perosto- Sion was probably susceptible of expto- nation, and if true, should have been accompanied by a full statement of the circum- stances. But we hold that it i - wrong for re- porters to make such charges against each other at all, for their duties are sufficiently in- vidious and arduous without having added to them the embarrassments of a personal contro- versy.Tii-ies, are not thenar elves over particular in the language which they employ towards the Ameri- can press. We observe, for example, that they have latterly taken to using the epithet "sen- sation journals" when speaking of our news- papers. English journalists should remember, however, that as the characteristics of the two cations differ, to occasionally does the meaning of tbe same word at either aide of the Atlantic.MAILS fOR lUtOPI.T f t M H e r a l d — nCUitlosi forThs CuaarJ null steamship Aaia, Oast. Lett, will tear* tail port to morrow, for Liverpool.Vat European aaaila wUl close ia this city to morrow Basra tag at eleven o'clock.was raised to si .000, and that of the second clerk within the brief term of Lincoln's admintotra were exiled. Vane, the fourth Governor, oneTaalinao#w«briiaaoffinfla«AUwQlb« pabliahe*at taa o'oockuitne atoning. Stogie copies, «o wrap- German Society, No. 86 Greenwich street. The.euosataeateaU of the RVnaHU* Bnmoa or taa H a u i ocounsel to the Board, Mr. Robert Johnson, submit- ted a report of operations since June last, show- ing the number of convictions which had been ob-to $1,500. The salaries of three clerks in the office of the Chief Engineer of the Fire Depsrtment were raised from $1,000 to $1,S00. After the transaction ofsomeroutinebusiness,theBoardadjourned till Thursday.A meeting of the Board of Delegates from the various national Emigrant Societies of this city washeldyesterday afternoon at the roomsof thetion.(•aitbaldi In Kaattea—Tsus New £rav of Italy, and Its Rearing on Euvojie.Garibaldi has entered Naples, and Victor Emanuel has ordered his troops to occupy the Roman Marches, in order "to prevent the po- pular hatred from unloosing itself against theoppressors of the country."The importance of these two events, whichof their own sect was banished because he would not identify himself with their persecu- tions,and Soger Williams,aministerof their own, had to flee the colony and take refuge in Rhode Island for merely preaching toleration to the Baptists. Even women were persecuted for their religious opinions.As for Catholics, according to an act of 1C17, a person only suspected of Popery waa to be banished, and if he returned was to be huag; but, warned by a previous law, which enacted "perpetual imprisonment or death" against Papists, and authorized the arrest "without warrant" of all who were suspected, the Catho lies kept out of the colony and escaped Che penalty.The rounder of the persecuting sect, which took root in New England, wascome to us in the news from Europe by the taa »Xo» daring taa prsvioas week, aad up M too hour tained in the cases ofticketswindlers, and a com- Adriatic, cannot be over estimated. They indi-vtll ewabtaa tkva sows received Iff eaalt aad telegraph atat fwBUMtiaa. mittee was appointed to act upon one of its sug- cate the eariy triumph of the Napoleonic pocapitulation table gives 1 death of disease of thebones, joints, &c, 83 of the brain and nerves, 4 of the great principles of justice and the inventor otthe generative organs, 7 of the heart and bloodvessels, 131 of the lungs, throat, Ac, 4 of old age,32 of diseases of the skin and eruptive fevers, 171of diseases of the stomach, bowels and other di-tenant Mullen hsd completed the wsgon road to gestive organs, 42 of general fevers, 4 premature The simple exclamation, "I am a Roman citi- t-'ort Benton, 393 miles in length. Steps were bhtha, 1 of disease of the urinary organs, and 22 zen," preserved the individual from oppressionbeing taken in Washington Territory to punish the from violent causes. The nativity table gives 330Indian pirates who had sought refuge in Victoria. natives of the United States, 89 of Ireland, 39 of and spoliation by local tyrants and militarymuch excitement in Oregon respecting the silver mines of the Cascade Mountains. Some of the assayed ore yielded 14,206 to the ton. Lieu-Having accounted for the manner in which tbe passage in question crept into our columns, we may be permitted the remark that our Eng- lish contemporaries, but particularly the LondonMining in British Columbia was in a prosperous condition.We publish todiy some details of Mexican newswhich will be found interesting. The most activepreparations were going on at the capital, at thelatest dates, August 29, to receive the liberals,who, to the number of 20,000, were expected tocommence siege operations in a week from thattime. The Archbishops assented to thsproposi-Germany, 5 of England, 4 of Scotland, and the balance of various foreign countries.The otton market exhibited rather more tone yester- day, while the sales embraced about :?.5C0 a 3,000 bales, including some parcels for export. Some brokers called the market for some grades \ c . better. Tlie news by the Adriatic has been anticipated by the recent declinela breadetun* in this market. Had she brought accounts of bad weather a decided reaction or recovery from the recent depresaioa would hare immediately ensued. As Itrulers, and secured a judgment on his rightoIt to clear, then, that Mr. Forrest has made asensation, and that lie returns to the Americanstage without a rival near the throne. He over-tops all his fellows, as Ulysses towered abovethe Grecian hosts, it is not to be wonderedat, either, that there are persons who do notunderstand the merits of tbe new sensation,and who attempt to put down Forrest by at-tacking him for the very peculiarities, mentaland physical, which have made him so success-ful. These fellows are generally foreign adven- We are a young, ambitious and energetic turers, washed across the Atlantic by the over-the Church of Rome has sought to perpetuate. But the entrance of Garibaldi into Naples, and the advance of Victor Emanuel's troops into thePapal States to establish the rule of law and justice, are events which verge on the re- establishment of the Italian nation on the only permanent principles on which society can be constituted. An Italian kingdom of twenty-six millions of people, freely working under the great scheme of regulated liberty, must pro- duce vast results in Europe. We pass over its effects in the material point of view; for how- ever great these may be, they will be far sur- passed by the moral and political events that will follow. The Papal empire becomes re- duced now to a mere spiritual expression, in which it will be more powerful for good than ever before, and impotent for evil, which to should always have been. The Italianintel- lectwillnowbe ableto work out itsmission under the forms which it created, and which so long constituted the life and energy of the Roman republic. Their modernization into a constitutional monarchy will preserve those forma from the degeneracy that attended them In the time of the Ctesars. and perpetuate their influence in the affairs of continental Europe.And 'it is there that we may look forshot on the 14th tosti the republicans in some portions of the StateBy our telegraphic despatches it will be seen that taking too much for granted'."' for he suspects Italian policy. With a Latin kingdom orthe Prince has arrived at Chicago, and with charac- that " the division in the democratic party is ganized on truly constitutional principles, ab-teristic promptness visited its prominent places of not so serious as it seems to be.'' He says truly, solutism becomes inipossiblejkn France, and interest, and started off on a tour npon the prairies.natural progress of the sect Toleration wasnot to be thought of. Hence, according toBelknap, we find Oakes, President of HarvardCollege, in the year 1073, declare that he"looked upon toleration as the firstborn of all abominations." Hutchinsontion to send the church plate to the mint, and aquantity has already been melted down. The fo- was, prices were steady and alightly firmer Tar corn andpeople, ever aiming at distancing in the race of enterprise the older communi- ties of the world. We are daily achieving things which our rivaN are content to dream of, or which they have despaired of accomplish- ing. If we startle and compel their admiration by our discoveries aad innovations, we can fairly lay claim to the character of "a sensation people:' and as the press to generally assumed to represent the peculiarities of the community of which it to the organ, we are satisfied to ac- cept for our newspapers the title of "sensationjournals." To the same classification belong all those great names which have given value aad celebrity to tbe literature and science of Eng- land. Shakspere and Milton were sensation bards,andBaconand Newtonsensation philo-reign ministers, with the exception, of course, of some grades of flour, which indicates, however, no de-Pacheco, persist in refusing to recognise Miramoa. cided improvement. The receipts of wheat were large,with heavy sales, here aad to arrive, at unchangedThe capital was crowded with families who prices. The receipts of com were moderate andbad fled there from the country towns, and prices rather stiller. Pork was steady, with sales or in case of prolonged siege a great deal of misery tew met* at $19 37 y. a 19 to, and prime do. at $14 ah* expected. Pacheco is all powerful there at pre- $14 26 Sugars were in good demand, with sales of 1900 sent, so much so that on the occasion of presenting a 2 COO hhds. and 1,463 boxes, at prices given in another biscredentials noflagbutthatofSpainwastobe column. OoSeewasquietbntfirmlylied. treightswereflow of European civilization, and they stupidly expect to mould matters in this new country,aeen in the capital. Marques, who has been inprison for quite a considerable time, offered hisservice,-, and, it being perhaps an hour of need,they were not only accepted, but he wa> appointed 1,000 boxes cheese, by sailing vessel, at SOs., with someley, one of their distinguished leaders, diedwith verses in his pocket written by his ownband, of which the two following elegant andhighly poetical lines may be regarded as exhib- "sensation novel." "Very well," replied thequite steady at Saturday's quotations, with heavy engage-ments tf wheat for Liverpool, in bulk and in ship's bagi,at300 bales cotton at 7-32J. for compressed, and ^'d. for uncompressed. Rates to the Continent were firmer, while engagements were fair.:12 , J. a 134., aad of some 2.2C0 bbls. Soar at Ss. 9 1 , andreviewer, "I shall be very happy to correct the statement, and to say that the book made no sensation whatever. "And that to always the case with such people, who are so far lost in the contemplation of their own presumed im-plain enough to people who understand the papers ont of vexation for the manner in whichThe New York I nioa .Movement—A Panic at the tiepublican Ileadi| starters.Judge Story, a New England man. justly ob-serves:—"The fundamental error of our an- portancethatthey can see nothingofwhatisOUT intelligent political readers, from the ar-cestors—anerrorwhich began with the very settlement of the colony—was a doctrine which has since been happily exploded. I mean the necessityofaunionbetweenchurch andState. To this they clung as the ark of their safety."' The doctrine is exploded, but a remnant of the old leaven still works, and it to hoped by the fanatics it will yet leaven the whole mass of the people. A letter from James Cudworth, dated from Plymouth, in 1658, says:—"Thegoingonaroundthem.As to Mr. Forrest, the secret of his success is sophers. In applying the phrase to our news-marked as it might have been, owing to the un- and that" we are therefore justified in sounding The logical mind of Louis Napoleon has seen matters of religion, must not sit on the bench,favorable time tor the sport. The people, being out this note of alarm, and of warning our friends this clearly and acted upon it. He knows that nor sustain any office in the Commonwealth/' op in politics, do not appear to have against the neglect of any single agency ordi- the Napoleonic dynasty can only hope to re- This man had been a magistrate himself in theany great demonstration over his reception, narily and wisely employed in the meet closely main on the French throne * by making that colony.which we take all the good in the old schools as a foundation, and then work it up with our own ideas, it follows that any slavish imi- tation or reproduction of any one system, no matter how excellent it may have been in its day, will never answer with us. Here to the great error made by some of Mr. Forrest's critics. They have generally a little learning, some facility of language and a technical know- ledge of what are called the canons of criticism. Sotheywrapthemselvesupintheirselfcon- ceit, and attempt to measure the pyramids with a foot rule. That to, if Forrest does not playwork in that State against the republican party. Of itself that party in said State is In a very feeble minority. In 1856, with the whole force of the Fillmore party to help it In the October election, the Fremont cause was lost What chance, then, can there be for the republican cause in this approaching Pennsylvania October election, with anything like fusion among tbe democracy, when we are assured that from fifty to sixty thousand Bell-Everett men. old linewhigsandAmericanswillsupportFoster, the popular Union democratic candidate for Governor'.'and he has consequently enjoyed more quiet than contested elections."at any other place hi America. A special mes- Thus, from this cloud suddenly gathering over senger had arrived from the Queen bearing the the republican camp.* we perceive that thisroyal mall. The party atari for St. Louis to-mor- grand Idea among all good I'aion men ofthrone a constitutional one. He foresees that a constitutional throne cannot be permanently established in France until similar thrones existaround it These can be created only by driv-ing the Austrian dynasty from Italy and Ger- !Among the ancient Jews a poor man was sen- tenced to be stoned to death for gathering a few sticks on the Sabbath. Following the in-stitutions of Moses, the first draft of the laws of Massachusetts by Cotton Mather made profeaingrow.a common cause against the disunion pro-will, wield it to the defeat of Linooln, in a countries it has shed torrents of human blood,course of things. They will know better by- and by. Just now the latest sensation to in tbe literary, artistic andfisshionableworld, aad it to a theatrical one. It to a long time since there was a theatrical sensation in New York. Latterly the legitimate drama has at- tracted no special notice. It seemed a3 if all the great actors had died out, and left no successors. Melpomene, in point of fac\ has been put upon tbe retired list Thalia, Eu- terpe and Terpsichore have reigned supreme. The tragic muse, in utter despairfhad resolved to swallow her own poison. The old playgoers mourned over the departed glories of the Park, and betook themselves to long dinners and short wbist French comedies and melodra.uas kept the theatrical stage, and the votaries of the classic plays solaced themselves with tbe Opera.But ttovs archs cfiangi tout ctla. A mighty magician, in the person of Forrest, has changed in one week the whole order of things theatrical, and restored the masses to their old time alle- giance. Shakspere, a sensation playwright, to once nsore the prime favorite with the public. During the past week Mr. Forrest has playedS«pt«mber S3, 1860. ing to ?716 42, was concurred ia. The salary of slave States, or the " irrepressible conflict." the best and most inoffensive citizens. Cod- thefirstclerk ia the Corporatioa Attorney's office - under which Southern slavery is to be put down diogton, Winthrop and other EpiscopaliansThe 5(ewi. gestions in regard to the appointment of unworthyTlit Auglo-Saxon had not arrived at Farther persons as ticket agents by the shipping mer- ancient and enduring forms upon the newPo*at up to the hour of our going to press this morning.Advice-, from California to the 12th, Oregon tothe «th and British Columbia to the 4th inst., alsoVTashiagtoa dates to the Stat ult., have reached as Ninth, after which they adjourned.elements of the present age. For twenty cen- turies the national intellect and life of the Ita- lian peninsula have been oppressed by strangers,chants of the city.The Police Commissioners yesterday transferredSergeant Taft, of the Ninth precinct, to the Eighth,and Sergeant DevOraney, of the Eighth, to theby the poay express. Trade at Sao Francisco had A two mile trot, in harness, between Flora Tem-assumed a healthy aspect, business transactioas ple and George M. Patchen, took place yesterday history backward on the stream oftime,we find of them had been hanged in England for theirliterally jammed. With each succeeding per- formacce the demand for place- increase*, and the run of the play seems likely to be almost Interminable. People put themselves to all sorf of inconvenience and per-onal discomfort ia order to get a eight at the stage, and ladie3 te main standing in the lobbies and corridors throughout a performance which continues dur- ing nearly four hours. And in these vast crowds, which might be doubled if the theatre was sufficiently capacious, the most perfect order reigns. While the play to going on there is themost profound stillness, broken only by fierce bursts of applause.bad increased, aad the country demand had much amrroved. The steamer Jobs L. Stephens sailed «B the 11th for Panama, with 232 passengers and tl,GO?,000 ia gold, of which#029,000 is for this city. She also brings 116,000 worth of Washoe silver ore.on the Centreville Course. The mare won the race that, even in its decay and almost impotence,opposition to the Episcopal religion as by law established. They gained nothing by experi- ence, but, on the contrary, established a State religion themselves, and denied liberty of conscience to all who differed from them. There was nobody to persecute them here; but they were determined that the system of perse- cution should not die, and so proceeded to com- pel all to join their church and observe their ordinances, or suffer the severest penalties. They believed themselves to be the saints of the Lord, and the land to be consequently theirs by divine right, and all outside of their commun- ion to be reprobates. This spiritual pride is the basis of their whole superstructure—thearrogant assumption that then were better thanThe census returns of California indicate a popula- tion of half a million. The tenth anniversary of her admission as a State was celebrated in great style on the 10th, by a partial suspension of business, a procession, a banquet and a ball. Therein two straight heats. Time, 4:554—C.According to the City Inspector's report, therewere490deathstothecityduringthepastweek,anincrease of 6 as compared with the mortality ofthe week previous, and 6 less than occurredduring the corresponding week last year. The re-it has beep the ciadle of much of our present civilization and art; that still farther back it was the guardian of our faith; before that it re- ceived and expanded the elements of the expir- ing civilization of Greece, long previous to which we find it the only founder of States onlicy in Italy, which aims at a reconstruction ofconstitutional law. These were the great source of life of the Reman republic, and constituted the power which enabled it to bind for so many ages many heterogeneous peoples in one State.under the great principles of Roman law. The other men. "Stand by thyself; I am holier thandegeneracy of 'he empire has been imitated in thou,'' was their impudent and presumptuousthe transitory creations of Charlemagne, the language. The next step, establishing a Statehollow assumptions of the Austrian aad Russian religion, like the Jewish theocracy, with punish- empires, and the imperious spiritual sway which ment even to death for disobedience, to but thethe chief results of {Louis NapoleonsAmerican mind. Acting, according to Shakspere and common sense, is to show the very age and body of the time, and by conse- quence to be varied accordiog to tbe idiosyn- entries of the player's audience. Thus the Greeks had their style, the English theirs and the French theirs. The American style has yetthey have been outstripped by them in the re- ports of the Prince of Wales' progress in Cana- da, it is but right that our London contempo- raries should be informed that an English term of reproach may be a fall flavored term oi Yan- kee laudation.MORE CHEERIM; NEWS FROM P*NVSYLV4SUL— From various intelligent sources in Pennsyl- vania we are receiving advices confirmatory ofHissuccessasasportsman,however,wasnotsotoo,that"NewYorktotobethebattleground,"mustdisappearfromAnstruPandRussia.persecuteandpunish,menthatdifferinandliteraturearenecessarilyacomposite,inourlastweek'sintelligenceoftbereactionatFrance. There will be no more empires to make common cause against the liberties of the French people. Hence the entrance of Garibaldi into Naples is the signal, not' bade persons from walking in the streets or25. low.—TKH^lilS oHiHsl.inthenegative,who,whilehespoke favorably of theobjectoftheinstitution,condemnedthewhole-calledtotherescue—NewYorkholdstheItaly,France,Spain,theNetherlands,Germany,TobesureitbothersourBritishcousinssome-mostagreeablesensationoftheday.Ittonotand rendered almost abortive by intestine divi- Robert Brown, from whom his dis Hamlet four times, to homes which have beensions and foreign rule; yet, if we follow its. ciples were called Browniste. Severalinforms us that toleration was preached against full of live men and fresh vitality, to the con-as a sin in rulers that would bring down the ditions of the old and effete European sys- judgment of Heaven on the land; and Mr. Dud- tems. It fe the same thing with themin letters^ as in art We remember ohe of these philosophers who had written a bock and complained because it was called aanti Christian persecuting spirit is very ac- to be formed. Mr. Forrest has commenced the tive, and that in the powers of this work, and as we are building up a new civiliza- world, he that will not whip and lash, tion upon the relics of the past, and as our artfields on that day, after the example of Christ Hamlet as Brown, or Smith, or Jenkins, did and his disciples. In Connecticut the Sabbath twenty years ago, it follows that Mr. ForrestOh. but there are Hickman and Forney in the way. We know It But Hickman, havingA terrific boBtr explosion occurred yesterday af- hack politicians concerned, and their petty per-itothemarbleworksofW.W.Wallace,atsonalfeudsandfactiousdisputes.TheyhaveoftheoverthrowofKingBomba—that NooneshallrunoatheSabbathday,orwalkiahisverystupidtothinkthatbecan,andtopayhimjoinedtherepublicans,candonomoremtochieflaws were as follows:— cannot play Hamlet at all, and the public toj, by which several persons were killed and teen superseded by the paramount question oi sig- garden cr elsewhere, except reverently to aad from so handsomely for attempting i t in the disguise of a democrat. Tired of that severely wounded. The force of the expio nal we have seen long since—but of the meeting. flimsy domino, he has, like an honest man,houee, cat hair or shave on the Sabbath day.NowomanshallkissherchildoaSabbathortasting playgoerswhorememberthegreatactorsverywellunderstood.Boughtandpaidfor days.The Sabbath shall begin at sunset ca Saturday. twenty or thirty years ago, Mr. Forrest's Ham- by the republicans at the last session ofatom was ao violent aa to carry the boiler through the defeat of Lincoln, so loudly deminded by overthrow of dynastic rule throughout Eu- No one shall travel, cook victuals, make beds, sweep And the fact is that, in the opinion of the old thrown it off. As for Forney, his position fethe solid Union masses of our people. The re- |suittoacommonUnionelectoralticketforNewrope. France. Anatria and Russiamust acknowledge the ruling idea of constitutional of Thursday last on MalcomVs Ledge, York, upon which all the conservative forces of government. By this we do not mean of con-schooner Neptune's Bride was wrecked iai the Empire State, old line democrats, whigs. of the crew were drowned. I Americans and republicans. Clay men, Fill-U any man shall kiss bis wife, or wife her husband, on let to unlike the performances of the character Congress, he fe simply doing hb bestSeed latondaad the Wooden Bali. Cap- iConventionoftkeThirddistrictmoremen,Doogtoamen.Breckinridgemen.tobetakenawaybythemwhenconfidenceandThistothebeautifulsystemfromwhichthemo.Mac-ready.Ktanwasfulloffire,mercu-iinthedemocraticcamp.Allthisbeingknownnominated John C. Mather as their candidate for Coagma Last STining. Na nominations were made in the Poarth and Sixth districts. Bijah Ward wasnominated in the Seventh.Tie Tammany Convention of the Third Congres-Bell men and Fremont men, may be rallied into a popular majority ot 50,000.Irt fcm » frequently shown, from the offi- cial records of oar tost four years' elections.pride again sway them, bnt constitutions made and enacted by the people through their leaders and representatives.dern Puritans, with their Sabbath Committee. erecting themselves into a spiritual oligarchy. have borrowed their persecuting ideas whichrial, enthusiastic, electrical. He played for great points, and made them. His was the performance of a man of genius, wild, erratic and impulsive. It could not be said of him that be belonged to any na-' to all men, Forney and bis little clique in this I canvass are making fool? of nobody but them- : selves.We count, therefore, upon a splendid victory ' to tbe Union cause in Pennsylvania in her coming October election. In this view, how- j ever, let our New York political financiers be- | ware of all PennaylTania party money beggar*.sional district, altar nominating Richard T. Comp- the immense wsotrrees of this State against the ter an their candidate, broke up in a row last even- republican party end its "one idea" of an in-ment of the national life of Italy upon its own ritjof our laws; and injthe republican party theymind and energies timajnly can reveal. But find willing tools. The unconstitutional liquor tion or country- -his kingdom was all Christen-ing. The Convention In the Sixth district faded tomake a nomination, after the enactment of several <3Jngracfful scenea daring the meeting. No norai ou\tioavaima£e to the Seventh district In thecessant and no-quarter conflict with sla- very, that It were useless here to re- produce the fljrures. Suffice it for the present that la 183« the oemMaed vote in New Yorkwe cannot over estimate their value. The enactment*, the Sunday regulations against tra- people whofirstworked out the problem of po-dom. Charles Kemble was the most graceful,gentle and sweetly melancholy of princes.He excelled in courtly observances and thepetit* #*t*H« of high life. He paid much atten' called before the Covode Congressional Co-n- tion to new readings, and was at times iust astitutions granted by kings in momenta of fear,the Lord's day. the party in fault shall be punished at I the7 M bU,,|, ! l r TM l ! ! H 2 ! i ^ J i J ! ? „ T ! !{ ^y*TM*««npttiWto«agrnft«ponthe freespi-Untitled Documentlitical society, who grasped and improved theintellectual developemeiit of Grecian civMizvwww.fultonhistory.comvelling or refreshments, and the despotism of the new police system, are the offspring of a re- publican Legislature, the first instalment of what to to come if the party shou!d only beLet it be remembered that when Forney wis mWee to account for the New York detnxrrjUiintolerance to to be crushed out before it gainsstrength, let citizens ef all nationaHttea-^Ame-rican, Irish, and particularly German assemblein a great public meeting to pronounce againstthe*revivalof the abominations of the dark ages, be to thoroughly American. He comes, tensecitizens of New York ought to be called imme upon which every liberal and enlightened mind a lavorite expression of Jackson, from theSo Mr. Forrest has given us the freshest aad wbat; but that ie to be expected, in the natural likely to die out very soon, either. We under-discretion ef the Court of Magistrates. by tbe elder Keen, Charles Kemble. Booth or to serve his masters ia the character of a spy tioo. who enlarged the foundations and per-Thomas M. Tryniski 309 South 4th Street Fulton New York 13069 