 10TE fiAELEITOI COflVEfflMa Urfer City. Pisiftrto*tlC«*iteie*»odEi«rtitaftidatiea ef tbe muhitaAe wbJcb will be present; •«•,•«• ssmaly, tbe high prions or extorOOM, h* jon ptease, for rooms and board, to which vkdtars si Charleslon duriag the CoswntloBwiU be sabjetsled. As **£**£?.J TENDOLLARSADAYFORBOARD.suudtbecapacitiesofCharta-ton(aqmelJ»«tecltyrf r\T,V~r.rrji«lni« a m half slaves) are aot ssore than Lou^tXac^aSa^ P^P^i TMS IteaertI DifMtiritoAioa of the Delegate a h S d thV Cn^raa^sTbVbeld at Charleston, there will I^^oJfLtbe^isastha. twenty thousand strangers in iSSSSt*T and iherelaay possibly be as many as Uiwmtm«« Jfmahct.ftt toveater of a gasTKalW«TJ8AiMIPRriClELTbelev.HoaryB»1tilfiabMksssTwhose imeteoric like a^pearaaee ts tbe purpit of New York has caused so much excitement in rehgtous circles, preached k sermon yesterday afternoon. The Academy or Muaniwi^nsy .••s.^n^^w^^*p^^^^.*«#^^^^^^wthe north division are ©cenpted bypnvsio reswencss,c2r«toTsW"itisbeingdelrreredtsvesselsasdpro-peUers en the other.witness or participate in in such a barren wilderness, l b s occasion was— well, I don't know what, and I doubt much if any other person knows more; perhaps it was without "an occasion," only one of those sudden and unexpected freakspeculiartomountaineers. Theonlythingeomeat- ahle it, I am frequently in the middle or a great dancingiaafntare letter—has perfected a rifled musket, whtoh judges have proaouaced casshto of all the ad claimedbythatdescriptionofweapea hihandy. powerful aad ace urate. Us weight sad lengthi ereabout the same as that of the army, bui rifled; baD,«eal aad large, weighing nearly one and a half ounce, possessing the pta of the Carabine 'a tigs of Delvtoae, ass Ibe wedge or tbe Minnie; yet, (rem the cupping si tbe base, with more simplicity, exhibits power equal to eitherspells and Don Joan practised his amorous intrig. immense building was crowded to overflowing so indeed,wasthenumberinaeven was to demand, aad many of Imany or tae audience wereu>d Others,•D AlNCF£S FO*tQOARTEB8ATCB1BI.EST0N- are these aeopte to be fed? They cannot be fed,p^sament^aatnsgwhich,to the G s M t L acrowded. So great an aseemDiaf never k»btoge was never know. Jtee I * * of Aprll-*tight days before the Ooswettion mceto.Be sschaed toktog it- Another gentiemnn showed me aduring the sitting of the Convention. I give you a list of the prtocfpal bote's, their terms and capacity:—his instiuctions were o b ^ e d the Academy ot taxed an immense cor^oourse of inoon.areare sewae rgtt to do so. The last Convsncon E«lected Chareetoc as a point of meeting for those concerned; and I have n.'u use place for the assembly, and this committee, an- fc-nied by it, were not charged with any authority in the matter. They can only arraafs other details.Wuuld it not be amusing if the conun.ttee did ruike the rail, say to New York, and the Northern delegations met Utere, and the Southern delegations, adherng strci'y. as to ite.r wont, to authority and usage, met at CbarleatonrWould t not be a propitious political event? The South, r-onsjstxg of nearly ail the democrats States, and coa- sutuuag the true democracy, w juld lay down a coustitu- buna! piatform, nominate a proper statesman for the JyetMkBCTj sad the wscrupukoi unsoucdnesa^ of the Nerthern uemocracy being sloughed on !Llo tue New Terk body (representing no'blng but themselves), would race store naforl the constitutional banner, and under itdoubt New York would respond quite as liberally. There .s a vast aeai cf very senwleas twaddle mst now afloat ic regard to this subwu of election expends Every where, and in all countries where popular elections obtain, it has been. ..c«i always will be. the practice for opposing parties to ra-tc monty and exoenl it for such purposes. WUW sneslihg Hypocrisy thai was of fra'Se CkxiSarebones Covc-de, sign.ng a secret circular, avowedly for election expenses, wuh one hand, while wiih tbe utiter be swell iogly parades in Congress an inquisitorial resolution c re f.rence to some of his political opponents, whom h«;1Ciiirges Willi a8imi!ar olfenoe Such •'trusiln Frovi.3cncebut keep your i«.w»;er d»y' yoi.:y has been rursceU bv canting knaves it all ageg of the rorid.It is manifest that the public scould bear at ^tce in re-may be saved by being converted unto God througti the Lord Jesus ChrUt; and therefore It to that I speak to• • s i b a n tin.' hosts of •bolitioij or give deliverance tte Southern State*.tokast winter's earthquake was nothing to it.* M n lJE55*8 ra CHABLMTOJI MAUsTT. **» the Charleston Cotrier. J•teat at tbe present Urns is causing citizens. So general a to inquire into the canses, «i!*0 J«B 1 *, J- Cm Monday • " ^ ^ ^ - t e B a in the marketTbe fact that the approaching Republican National Con- echoed with bis eloquence. On Friday night, for the first name to prominently mixed np with tbe Mountain Meadowmassacre, to recently dead. He, by mistake, took poison, scarcely an hour, 1 sussbsdedin giving out the natural talked of some of the fulness that dseUs » * • « * . ^t have bee* uueaslry a t o ^ I l l f t J ^ , L p * , * fewte buy milch eoalbs cHy. Thetnppiyofwhich will Are thirty shots without being reloaded.no step would give them greater satisfaction. Tbe pro- carrying his instrument—and got te our post without diffi- clamation of martial law would be the signal for a mass culty. We found the theatre brilliantly lit up, and al- meeting, the organization of a State government, aad tbe ready filled with tte numerous train of tbe Princes.pteoasof ibeC^Bl4 991* DO^fcwl w H jpBlwa w^sl JBa^mbwa^ ^•Omvtl|Va"1•f poultry baa ahmriaaa very high turkeys, f r o . ^ror of the French also congratulated tbe Queen by tete-to six dolkri par pair, gaeas, two dolmra to two * a d \ arnf, aad few- ass daflar and • qaartar la one aaa a half. Ye.e4e.lea haw asto fob the atmulua. Norther,august personages entered, sad tbe overture began. The copper, where aba has bees chafed, will be put <aL.seertr parties to tbe Wayne treaty, securing of the "Te Deem" at tbe church of AteSe. ^ ^ Utah the more I am convinced that the only thing that can orchsetra formed along line facing tbe stage; aad it was caulked,and running riggtogas well a s ^ * * « j 2 ? 2 eat the mouth or the (Chickajo) Referring to tbe extraordinary mode or getting aba be done with the Mormons to to leave them to themselves. severely forbidden to the players to turn round to the**li** s fort was built by the United «<unfortunates-' (women) of tbe Haymarket, London, They are at home here, and certainly no other cittoens of direction of tbe Princes for tbe satisfaction of their ««t un A torse number of rasters have freguenMa«»MeSMSeatss* pattef SSJ3-T"? * * • *BffiUfy» S» tbeSlates some time this side of the great mLUenium.Th« Escaped Convicts. TO THM EDITOR OF THE HBRALD.^.H.^yfr-fwfor large hears. oc» WAsminfttoti ottMbapowatNcm.MarchW,1M0.iwnrtisa fsssfftifisri asassslAs I>J« Ae Aeittekal Akactt- jjfjwsaii to Ckmgt Ou As Csitsswbsa, wah IWtktr AUMari^fWlc*ea» lb* ^.-w^f** " *es Jobs Ktone,together, adopted by Mr Baptist Noel, „ d other benevo this republic would stay here. Tbe countryis naturallycuriosity. As I bed been warned of this beforehand, I £v?'Y ardlameber arrtrsltbete^aedharshestiWjJ.pupils, giving all my attention to the drama. Tbe agony This evening" The Toodles'' and " 5 ^ * " ' a ' ? n t o„ fromaresponsiblerhiGTt*aoc&Pariy-mrwUlm{ktLWnf*vticjot-Mmmt end flatbki Jrsismattss gswrrt ttmitogtbelratgenttohtoksepply bf arms, aad i t s i .tieswasyetbeehaaged-theKMtopert**» ««• yetbe<togsituated-MrttmrfATamvention be delayed by exciting debates. What, £ S r a T S ' .STs'treel. for thm.• tedgiags. And bowwttbont largeAipmenta of provtoione frorn the North.charges, tor instance, aa five dollars a day for one per- number or delegates will be quartered at private houses bedroom and let Charlie steep In the parlor on a scfa. son who agrees to take bis chances at a hotel, or fifty m Uie city, cut no matter how largo tho crowd, flaw- will charge you eighteen dollars per day for tbe deilars per day for the use of s small parlor and bedroom the people "nave no fears but what they will•vac. 1 assure yen you cannot do better if yoa w»b to for two persons all be accommodated.AocordiDglv the attention cf tbe National Democratic Exteurve arrangements arc being made for the recep-has made it completely American, by adopting tn lies of solid, earnest speaker, and deals out no compliments to hsj tbe old bayonet, or the recent sword of the French, Ibebewie knife, the pattern of which was obtained from oae bearers, tote all of whose hearts his words appeared ts made by the celebrated cutler, Scbively. of Philadelphia, sink like searing iron. Hisstyie is not of the tkrg^BMaU- who made the first and only oaes, except Fltxpatrick, ofu t i i have never sees, such as exciting tmeaere as Rxeci.tive Ooinaiittee has been called to the propriety of tion of delegates, meetings having been held by former changing the place of the Democratic National Convention retidents of most of the Eastern States, for the purposetlve kind—it belongs more to that which logicians call the this city, for the inventor, Resin Bowie. The blade to argumentum aa hominem. He appeals more t the feel-12 inches long, aad two and a half inches broad, aad to,undoubtedly,the most powerful and irresistible weapon ings tbea to tbe reason—more te tbe heart than to thtever used in close conflict. brain. Hto voice to somewhat monotonous, and sew askTheonlyobjectionthathasbeenraisedagainstittoMMpossessthateverohanglngvarietynecessarytoeachaie> lack of length—the same as was made against its proto-type, the Roman sword, and which admits of the sasss the attention of ea audience, and the listener who hatanswer that tfce Roman matron gave to similar complaint, been prepared te expect a great oratorial display is some.Tia —" Add a step to it, my son." Aad it Mnot a little wbat disappointed, although his earnestness, u he ad- axguiar, that after the topse of so many years, a simitarweapon should have been Invented by a similar republic; vances, renders him more pleasing, aad disarms criticism used with similar success, and in a similar manner, His grand redeeming trait, however, to the simplicity oflea friend's boas'', asd now find I most change again, ready received many applications: bat tr-?y are deairois people. ,s centrally located, well ventilated, and in every of a full and free expression of opinion from the narty way calculated for SLch a purpose, and has, in fact, been tod only knows where 1snail ge. The reason *ny concemeu throughout'the country, as tar as practicable, engaged at $100 per day; but it may perhaps not be usedsence ol his Rachels aad Leans.THE EALL.The Social Hall s, externally, not a very attractiver«i wai it so enormous is that everything m market A very bifti. Beef now sells for fifty cents per pound, and rverjthag to in that proportion.''Efts/is are making to procure enough persons to char- ter one cr more first class ocean steamers in New York, •acb a crack hotel In itself, and go round to Charleston in teat way, tbe passengers, in such an event, only having «t hmd at Charleston to a:ten1 the Convention wttbouiwithin the next three weeks.At the end of that interval, if not before, the committeem case the large building is erected, for admission into building; but internally on this occasion it was fitted up which it is proposed to charge a fee, but yet not definitely with a v.ew to comfort and elegance, and in seeaing to scaled. Quite a contrast is here presented with Charles- attain both, neither labor nor expenditure had been saved,viz.:—"by adding a step to It."Th* one made her arms invincible, and after nearlybis language. He seldom resorts to those lengthy asd technical expressions which reverend orators are apt te make use of, aad, even when compelled to do so, his ex- planation it so satisfactory that hto meaning to evident to every mind.eerng beholden in the least to the landsharks.Ihe committee frcm BaJtimore arrived here this even- hgtes! ioj;>or:anje—auch an advantage, in fact. as willNott, of Union College. He gave out tbe hymn con:- menctog:—those bails, stafcng that he had used them many years,and had taken the idea from the point of tbe arrow cr the ing is the portion of hto prayer which alludes to the Aca-Indian. IDthe work before quoted. it gives the account of demy of Music —the exjieriments of Delv'gcc. wfc<5 first used the conical Oh, God ! this afternoon of thine own Sabbath day w« ball in Europe in 182°, arriv log at a knowledge of its nrtae by a system of s^entiS: calculations and experiments. meet to a place given only te worhiltoess, where multi-saskms. ftc, free of tost, and the hotels and other places ef accommodation will not advance In prices.TH» IEMOORATK CONVISTIOJi—CHAKOE FKOMCHAJU.E8PON.lounges, ricbly covered, were extended ail round the necessarily involve a change cf the place to a pact as far price. The above roads make a complete line between bail room, an a uetween tho windows were a large mir-NEW YOBK ^AmMQNDAY, MARCH 19, 1860.-ERIPLE SHEET.tf a thing* oftae iMdfblof mhabltants,swelnng in 'jgy years to » «*•1 brother efNeWie^Mid.Cweriwtherol^^ mesget, by fee seme mresder > -ajujfwt that we Uteetocetothat K is highly f*sbebtetl»tbethiaettmeandpto«of theesidCcaTee-^ ^ # m,,„, and «•UM ChteSfe Convention, tag the place toBelti- W"*^ south an'd west. The main * » ^ J g S t f J !1 anndred rest wide and from twenty to thirty '••^••PT: T ^ s a X ^ d i n g o n e o f its ^ ^ % ^ £ ^ ^ i fivemites. Tbe •attocsBto taosUy oen*"?J",*^;'JS, IIISWB te tbe7JL0RWTANT PRICES DffilANDED. tU* SHKCLAL WASHINGTON DESPATCH.WASBBH»«I, Man* 17,18flO. •»# ry deywrodnces rem* new evidence from Charleston me*» the satsEsrds of Ike tote* aad bearding tax.ees a n tarns rmg the most extravagant prion for quartersda* mg Ibe sem*n ef Ae Democratic National Convention. A 'swmbrr ef Congress received a tetter » day or two M i t t i t reply lo aa application for quarters, stating that• • *•»•£ have a room provided be wool* agree lo paytee MTTMH price of ten or twelve dollars for it from The immediate resources of Charleston for thete si.p- some of the principal proprietors—remain unchanged was sent to seventy-five gentlemen:—South^Carohha is not a provision producing State beyondraised by steam pumps, and thus distrlhuted tbroagbjl preach sad foray. "Brigham's boys," for themselves tbe fact of some French peasantry fastening the sermon—the building was so filled that to cue of which is capable of holding 7,000,000 gallons of charges or cavalry, against whom, wtthooi that de-ef oss nuacredand thirty-1ve t>f l W B d sculs, tUBf wtt Cist stridf B t» one of the w - g y , , , ntiea ft tbe ITestsrn .sphere, and the ' ^ ' ^ S r y grra depot to tto.QmrVtmMesBAl SALT LAB* CtTY, U, ?.,Feb.*<f,I8oO.^^w * ^ V s w b i , tbss drvkrtag the city Into tbrssJUtwoss,itsas*.^_theobjectionstoCharlestonthesteal**»»«..us—irit, tbe ^capacities of tbe patea««tb'j aceosMao and the streets adjacent, while ^ * « ' J i ^ S B B S that we strangers in tbe Territory would aerer expect tetbe place selected for bs debvery, aad tbe massed held forth oa tbe very beards where the spruests pnblfo edifices are the new Custom Prominent among itscompelled, by the pressure behind,behind, to get upon the stage.», Court House, Marine Hospital, Ar-Once the ball IBopened, the season of danc-House and Poet OnToe,id public schoolhooses, the Umver-The aisles were all jam , and even the third tier waspaid some of its CWB members a large cash advance, made several popular poems, such as ''The Grave of Rim te inquire where every thing" came from, bat there WAS and repeated, the majority of the encores being so genuineaat>:taats, two-thirds whites,) will have a^commodatons Dgcertainly a display at table that would have done credit tn and spontaneous that, though they inconveniently proready for every respectable end well behaved v siter who in good fa.th, out of their own pockets, some three yean; gold. ' ••Death of Col Ransom," and "My Motherbmay a ah to be here during the convection. Charleston baa bet Little affinity with the convention, and less with vae thousands who will come in its tram. and her peop:e, e#wever a few might complain at the removal, would be rewoed S it were assembled at another place.sjro, in footing the election expenses of l«*5d Heaven:" bit, for some time past, her pbyBica! sufferings toy Eastern city.tracted the duration or the performance, they could The delegates to fcharleston, after traveling a ) the way have coropeiled her to lay aside her pen. Covers were laid for two h x d r e i and fifty persons. not to courtesy have been declined. The namto that city, and paying there seven dollars per diem for New York beef, Aill hardly expect to piy,"m addiLon. $.50 a day lor the use of a hall to assemble in.I come among you as a stranger. I know that I shall] am oigniunt of aa offer of $20X00. to be pail over to nary age. ?he was born in Orange county, North The despatch from Washington announces that the De- the N&Lonal Committee, to meet these and other !eg>t. Carolina, ir March, 1744, and is now aged one hundredmocratic Central Committee there propose to call tbe Con mate elecr.oc expenses, on the part cf ei-ly, larger, more*nd sixteen years. Her menu.1 faculties are considerably s impaired, ?e: she can converse freely, can walk about X the hence, and says her appetite is as good as ever. Sheis the mother of e.ght children, two of whom were born during the Revolutionary War, anil four of whom arestill living. She went to Putcatn county a widow, a'uni. Oytter. twenty live years sjace, axd is new living w.th her Ox Jan, youngest daughter.TERK1TORUL AND CIVIC HALL, Social Hall, re!?. 7,2980.3F-.I, »W TA.S.S. riRsrcocassVerrr.aoel!:,Vegetable srCOHOCOUBSB.Muitr, BoQfd.Sugar Corned Beef, Mutton,Calska&s,Ducks,Tripev Turkey, Ham, Trout, Salmon.»«LL.on to some other place than Charleston. They have central, and every way more desirable than Charleston,gard, (o Una meeting of the Convention from toe dis-'*e7|i»i*-tZ!"d"*ro8F*d hf Ul*1mmm mabad brought with me a little looking glass, by aid of ed wtth nnirorm courtesy by the ofltoers of the ship-*kd which I could examine with impunity the arbiters of Eu-, W whU withtbe^LZS?" '*•"^lent gentlemen, " An EngUshwoman" says, in a letter to tha Lendosrwaw-''Might I venture to suggest that a meeting should M called of the other sex, that they mar belecturedasdsrsyedwithabouttheawfulsinsadthat lie at their doorf I will bear my share of the tea and toast When the demandsupplywillssesbestopped."sterile, every comfort of life has to be imported at a highfigure; to short, there is nothing to the country to induceS ? J G J f ~ t o r * n , * m rnsssMnre of tbe sou. Nothing rope's destinies, after tbe overture was done. Bat I was ^ V S S S i * * * , " 'rtilobiremademsatiese^ butfaithretainstheMormonsmtheTerritory. Theyare sor(vettedbytbeadmirableactingoftbeartistsonthe aborttisaestaee,oaboardtheUsitodStatesreset waiting for better tmes, and purpose returning to the stage, that I soon handed over my tooktog glass to my Bhlp North taroiina, naa OWJW • g~£—IT;-To*. Mar-which remained staaebax w a s s " ^ * " • -}nm» 1 « T ,dwwn to make room *»"SJ^L/ ?*' **•» » was torn ••jkwfba,of my lips increased with every eatr'aoto, aad at the end of tbe performance they were so swelled aad braised thatry?" interspersed with a varietyofeoase, te^JTM!"h i l u s sna stands the C.ty Hail and Court'Untitled Document• t a s FORD, a Revolutionary soldier, died to BibbThe two convicto who escaped rrom Stag Sing oa Tues- t l b mhome, my young wife was not a little surprised to see me come back with Hpe like a negro's. I added to her wonnumber of officers of the Navy Yard, as well *fj»°« TM board tbe Dona Isabella, have sigatited tboroBBssaiwPutnam county, 2nd., has attained to a most extraordteverything in the folic wing sill of fare —the cup or pleasure,'' a song for Mtot Louisa Pyne, with My thought concerning this vast assembly is this, that dance land chorus1 'Take this cup of sparklrng wine,' you are all rapidly passing away tote eternity, that a song for Miss Filling "Troubadour enchanting," a you are all being borne down the stream of time as fast- bailed for Mr. Santley "The nectar cup may .yield de- as It can take you. I shall meet you beforenhe judgment X light. '• a ballad lor Mr. Harrison "My home,my heart s seat of God—there you must appear before his throne to first home, ' and an unaccompanied roar part soag for give an account of the deeds done in the body. Misses Louisa ?"yne and Fanny Cruise, Messrs. Santley As sure as you are now alive you will short- and H. Corn. Other pieces, too long for repetition, were ly be dead, and I believe some of you will received with an extraordinary degree of favor; and at be condemned to everlasting death. Now, yoaJohn !.. Aspinwail acd family, of Now York; HOB.Cnarles Jaeason, Rhode Island i Col. L C. Amaistead. Mutton.Oapt. I. Vogdes, W. D. Hardin, Oapt. Cullum, U S A . ; ttouniun ijuiL. Col A I) t-tewart, of Maryland; Gov. John Hoas, or the Peer,Cberosee Nation; M. Trafton, Massachusetts; Dr. O. M hIk,Wusencrart, California; Bon. P. M Grain, Maryland, and Peer,rou of the Lord Jesus Christ this afternoon. For my part, was once as ungodly as the greatest sinner to this place.Chickens, Col W. Bent, of Bent's Fort, are x Washington. Ducks,have recorded the unequivocal success of "Lurline,'' re- serving a critical examination of its merits for another occasion. with the proviso that it is by far the best dra- matic work of its composer, and a really valuable addi- tion to the English operatic repertory.leads to bell I have tried tbe world, and know some- what of what it to. 1 know it is no more, at most, than a colored bubble that breaks in tae grasp. • • * I firmly behove that all tbe principles thai give birth to tbe miseries of bell, aad go to aggravate the torments ofJudge Btump, of Baltimore, just removed l>y ite Gover- Turkejs.nor ot Maryland, was charged—1st, with gross and vulgarconduct on the bench; 2d, with having delegated power Oysters. On Toug'its, Chi'kens, illegally to the ghenif; 3d, that be wilfully refused to Beaver Tails, Ducks,ting/nsce-il Chairman of the National Committee. If obey tne orders of the Court of Appeals; 4th, that he has Collared Head. TurkeysHOW Sl-OHR IXARXBD TO PLAY TBS HORN—HOW SpOhr tbe lest, are within the hearts of the unconverted, and itto my firm belief that if God did not restrain the world, it learned to play on the horn, and why, to so pleasantly would soon become as bad as Faademonium I andtold in an autobiographio communication, translated from to this city of New York people or all coun- the Mindm Lubedur, KreuBhatt, by M. Parmentier, for tries and of all ctosaes; I find the vtetousOiarieston will not furnish, withcut charge, a '•suitaule been intoxicated and asleep on the bench, while impor- BotltcL YrgttuiAts. Baked. Potatoes, Potatoes.place of meeting.' and there cannot be found in thai city »nt trials were going on, and 6th, that he hat been giiity Cabbsge, PirsBipa, surLcient accommodation for those who desire to attend ef mlfbehavior in his office as Judge. Parsnips, Beana.fFrom the Criarleeton Mercery. March 1 5 ]An intense excitement preval'ed in the city yesterday, »L the publication of our -special Washington despatch, wtt.h n some measure cast a doubt over the meeting of the Ccavent.oa. Arrangements, which tat been in rapid yrojrTsss, were tuspenae<i in many instances, and in *hers faintly carriei on, with frequent reading of the Merckry with surmises as to what might happen. Thewise epeediiy advised. These suggestions, so reasonabi 3 John Quincy Adams. Mrs. H. B. Stowe and party were Mince Kern,By the tenor of onr despatches this morning, it will be and palpably just in themselves, I can scarcely suppose to leave for Rome ' Green Apple Fie,•teathatthegentlemencomposingthecommitteeatareentitledtoorwillreceiveanyadditionalattentionA DELEGATE TO CHARLESTON.at reasonable rates cr prices, let him call h s committee together on ten days notice, aud let us ts upon someTurnips, The Newark Advertiser's Florence correspondent writes, Cauliflower,the Gaztttt Muticale, that, not having the original Germanbefore us, we paraphrase from the French, as a foretaste this city, as well as numbers of the good and wise and of the coming Memoirs which are already, it is stated, to godly. I snow that when persons sin to other linos theGottingen press i—"In 1808 was held at Erfurt the multitudes of them come to this country, drop into thai famous Congress at which Napoleon entertained as place and settle here; nevertheless. I remark that so riot guests his friend the Emperor Alexander and the German rages along the streets, but ail things seem to p r e Etogt aad princes, his allies. All the curious persons quietly on. What to it which restrains all the evil of this flockedfromtheneighboringplacestohavea metropolis?"O,"saystbestatesman,"thecivilpower. gaze at the show. I, too, went oa foot from Gotha, with But your civil power to loose in comparison with ether same of my pupils, less to see tbe great ones of the earth, countries. What then restrains trsnagreeeors to this city? than to admire the illustrious artists of the Theatre Fran- It to the power of God. Just so, it to with God's dealings ca to Talma and Mile. Mars. The Emperor had made with the world. He restrains sin from breaking oat and these great actors come from Paris, and they were giving overwhelming it The speaker then went on te refute every evening some masterpiece or other by Cornel11J tbe idea that Christ was not God aad merely human,under date of Feb. 6—"Among late arrivals here from slaw.other point of meeting There would t& be a month's the Felted States are the Hon. Robt C Wtothrop and Hominy,notice to the hotel keepers at Charleston to forbear prepa- ramily, of Bosttm, accompanied by a married son and fa jiiinn cotasa.rations wbica might entail loss upon them, J not other mily and Mr. and Mrs Kuhn— she a granddaughter of Pastry.Pkkddiitgs.Custard,Rice, IngUabPlum, apple h'O'.iflier, Mountain, Pioneer.because they emanate from a memoer of tha Democrat c National Committee, who la alsoPineapplePie.A letter from Rome, dated 16th ult, says.—The num Quince Jelly Pie, ber of Americans In Rome this winter is very small. reach Jelly Fie,Washington are still scheming. One or our special deepatches very shrewdly seggeata the motive for the dis-eaasjoa. It is, however, in our opinion, but the pretextseined by tbe friends of Mr. Douglas to transfer the Conve&ttoB, if poemble, to some city where they will be mtfce sansailssl This movement commenced manyaaecths sLuce, when they prated of the danger to with regard to changing from Charleston, & C., the Demo 8. N.; .Mr. and Mrs Gardner Howland, Bon. Heman J. Gipsy, Apples,a* issiiahaaitid from personal violence in Chartest-im. Redfield and wife, Mr. William Piatt and family, Mrs. Varieties. SnswBaLs.TBE OCrSlPSRS TO SHIFT FOR THE34SELYBS. TO IBS BPtlOB OP IBS BMB-iU:and family, Mr. Van Rensselaer and family, and General rouatn cocasa.Tha j , however, their last card, and this will fail. Mr. cratic Convention, to be held x April next. It Is a well James LorrimerUraham and family. Mr. and Mrs. L. W.rtouglas' frieads see plainly that a Convection in Charles- known fact that Charleston can accommodate six Jerome, and Mr. and Mrs. Wm. H. Smith, from New .Candies, Nuta.Tea, Coffee, Supper served si 8 o'clock precisely.ton will g f s m i s a Southern aspect, and cannot be brow-to theWith rsrhraaos to the aL^egatiocs of these intereetexlhundred and six people, that being the cumber of dele-gates and alternates elected to the convenuon. If lobby-York.The Sceisman says:—A very significant compliment loMr. Gladstone's oratory, and a very striking incident to It- self, appears not to have been marked by our London os-'#***4}pait.st, there is much that • imagination, and much that men and interested politicians think proper to go to Hat six hundred and fifty gentlemen Charleston, the public,or the National Democratic Conven-Tbe supper over, the dancing was resumed. Daring strictly forbidden to introduce say person whatsoever. that be to a king. I find that be to tbe righteousness, the the evening there was quite a variety of songs sad duets, At tost I hit on she expedient or replacing. with my pupils, redemption, theitfe, the light, tbe pseee, tbe living bread, and some popular pieces played by their first musicians. a like number of musicians, and to be present at the en- tbe hvtog water—that be te tbe shadow of a gTestreohtoa Towards five o'clock the following morning the ball termi- tertainment by playing the music between the acts. By weary land; that he is a coverer from the tempest, a refuge nated as it opened, by prayer; and thus ended the finest paying, we got the consent of the musicians, who knewparty of the season, and the only one of the kind we are well enough that their deputies would replace themwho the OonvenUon win be taken good care of, tion, are tn no way concerned about their accommodation. temporaries. We mean the presence of Lord Broughamand the prefsr—os gi' i them. About one hundred have Let them shift for themselveswithin the walls of the House of Commons for the firsttime during very nearly thirty years—that to, since beleft it in 1630 to become Lord Chancellor. It is prettywell known that Lord Brougham left the House of #om likely to witness here for many a day. mens, to preside over the House of Lords, with the utaiready beeaiavrtedto accept of the hospitalities of oca* re undouotedly will be. Bet the myrad hangers oh, who are not admitted to tbe floor of Mm Convention, moat take their chances for feed and It is greatly to be desired that their number may' to as small a figure as possible.Tae Cenveatxm win meet hi Charleston; but if Mr.» * « * • *nd his Wends desire • Northern Convention, lei eajlejM,A NATIONAL DEMOCRAT.CONTRAST BETWEEN CHICAGO AND CHARLESTON.SCALE OF HOTEL PRICES AT CHJCAQQ TO REMAIN TJN- CBA>'»D FOR THE REPTJBL1CAM COKVBKnON.TO TBI DITOB OF TBS BBRAU).CHICAGO, EL, March 1ft, 1640.from the storm; that be to a great teacher; that hs to toeAmong those from the cities of Albany and New York, Currant Jelly P.e.are General Peter Gansevoort and family, Mr. Delavan Blanc Mange.and Mrs. Cooper, from Albany; Mr. William Chauncey, Cultet. PruiU.1 am surprised at your suggestion is Fridays EBRALO, Col. Cnas. Darling and ramily, Lieut, and Mrs Mygott, V Sponge, Grapes,and Racine. I hoped to be able to be present with my travelling companions at oae of their performances; when I learned, to my misfortune, that they were only intended for the Princes and their suites, sad that every other person was shut out I still hoped to find a place to the orchestra, by the connivance of the musicians; but I was obliged to give ap this ides, too, since they wereshowing the beneficial results, as regards the salvation ef mankind, of hto divine aad human nature combined.• • e • * • e"It pleased tbe Father that to bim should all futoest dwell."' When Hook at Christ in the 8crtptaree I fiad ho toalltooae; 1 find that he is a prophet, mat he ma priest,most pain and reluctance—that bis own most earnest de- sire was not to accept any office which neesasttated the abdication of his position ss a member for Yorkshire, asd that he took a position nominally and titularly higher only at the moat urgent entreaty and virtual command of bts party. Stoce his removal he has aerer once, been knows to enter ss auditor within those walls which had so oftenGENERAL NEWS.The days of the great mil Hickman seem drawing to aclose. Tne wound he received on Christmas morning gives every indication of terminating fatally. To-day he Is to be removed to his own home in the country. Nobody expects that he will recover.There to a report current that the Elder Haight, whosefather, and their friend, sad their intercessor, aad toes'Tention to to he held to this city on the 16th of May next time, he overcame this remarkable reluctance, and then instead of bitters, seme months ago, which has at length attaches to it more than general importance at present, too, for the first time it is understood, he heard the mas terminated his days This will, to all probability, go tosounds of the born. After dinner, whea my scholars 1 time 1would speak to you l o n g e r £ ^ * a ^ ^ r l T t a went out for a stroll. I at once resumed my exercises, and, now I would say to you. go for yotnwehno w^B». * * £to spite of the pain whtoh they gave my lips, I did not rest until I was to a state correctly to play the part of the second bom to tbe overture—easy enough to truth—andand. thinking that a bri*f history of tha city will proveinteresting to your readers, I will endeavor to give i twho now occupies the position he himself so long hsM unrivalled and undisputed—the greatest orator in tbe British House of Commons.quash any investigation into that aflair that may nave been contemplated.creatures to the Creator go at " f * ^ 1 ^ ^ * ^ e uLake Michigan, and on both sides of tbe Chicago river.The Empress of the French, oa receipt of the news ef the capture or Tetttan, addressed the following telegraphic.News—W\mMe"fleet"lass*efMartialLate,efts.The great social party mentioned in my tost corns pondsnee came off last Thursday week, with great ecisi. Itwascertamlyareir«neaflair,andjustsuch aaaffairyour paper, to call their attention to a rlseamusket.designed and made by my brother, Com. Dahigres, United 8iateeNafy,who,taaddttlaBtohwtoborsandsi»eess totheconttrncttoa ofshipsguns proper, weighing sixteenthsuaaad pounds, throwing shell shot a bag dtetance,with immense destrection; and a brass artillery, oftwelve and twenty four pounders, throwing shrapnel with of " Der Iretocbou > were wont to terrific havoc ainong rnaases; and to which I may alludeaa own necessities, except in the single artksie of me. the city. There is a reservoir to each division of the ci|y, and friends, wanted a select assembly, to which they in- their knives to the muzzles of their guns to repel any more was impossible, aad many hundre ^ ,Kven at the beautiful and charming little Inland city ofColumbia, to the midst of the productive river bottomand upland region which surrounds it, the traveller atthe best hotels cannot always get a glass of milk for streets raised, paved and sewered; » d when thh) watt of little consequence—the party was yery select. The its introduction by the French at the end of the saves breakfast The soil la absorbed in tbe cotton culture, and 'ecompleied Chicago will be one of the finest ss well M Prophet, his counsellors, Governor Gumming, Surveyor teeatb century, aad its great success iaihe war of lost,plies, beyond its standing necessities, are still m-wre l i s ted The dty has one of the cleanest and one of Use bestsupplied provision markets in the United States fcr itsown wants; but as it sends nothing away it has no Bur Kamts.some few years ago, when its total meflVcteacy as a weapon at close quarters ketog felt, sad experience having shown that tbe most important conflicts were won by what the Duke of Wellington ased te call "bludgeon work," a sword was substituted, snch as at present worn by the Cent Gardes, Zouavee aad other French soldiers, some-totter to-day, which be received from a cillaeo of Charles-tsa,tewhoseheappliedforrooms,withboardtorhimself, plusofbeef,muttonor vegetables. Itcan supply good TresoontBouseCbpac»V 400 «o0 276 200 200200 160- 1WPrlofjtr XDay. > Mr.TAXTT AT SOCIAL HALL,and todies are respectfully tovited to attend a!fiahfor any number or men, and rice, too; but ash and we* aad sea, mfcrmmg h*n as follows:—"I went to rice will not do for those bounteously fed gentlemanShe srmeipal hotels lo sue what I could do for you, but ail who manage tbe great machine of the democratic party And so, because of tbe limited resources of Charleston inBrlgg8 HouseRichmond House , Metropolitan Hotel Matteson House••2 1 0 2M 2 00 2 M 2 00 1 M 1 601X2Mr. Guinness, r^though pommeed of considerable htiai DancingtoccmmeDeeat4F.M. Supperat8o'cloak. I whatinimitationoftheeasternyataghan,which,fastening uapreecher.'astinayoungman, betog about twenty,refused positively to have any levies in the house, as In the more solid substantials of the table, we are not sur Adams House «K*note!drawingrooms,parlorsandballswiflbepacked r.rn=edtohearthatthe priceof fresh betfatCharleston, RevereHouse wish beds a»d cols, and each occupant will be charged during the sitting or the Convention, will, to the hotel Qty HotelMATOB A. O. SHOOT, >MMlfc——, MARSHALJ.C.Lima,I»*»*«<»*roasiTTU or AREAKGiSEirrs.J 6 to his Work on Guns;—^ "Thepresenthayoaet.whtohtothe most useless tiring< In the world, except at the end of tbe musket, may be re when speaking. Hie delivery is graceful yet farobls,keeper, bs from twenty-five to thirty cents a pound, and —besides numerous smaller nouses,having room for from other things to proportion. Nor te it a matter of as- thirty to one hundred guests each. The Tremont andtonishmentthatcomplaintsshouldbepocr.oginfrom all Briggshjnses have made arrangements tocolonizefive t dee against the extortionate prices for rooms and board hundred p«rsons each, and 1 presume most of the othersJWillttm C Sutoes, ^H. B. Clawson.5 Wuiiam Eddingten,XResponding to this invitation, the Twelve Apostles and the leading men of the city—to addition to all the civic authorities—"put to an appearance." The $10 ticket ad- mitted but one lady with the gentleman ; for a second, or extra lady, another 12 was charged. To the modest nam- ber of only two todies, every gentleman was restricted, a restriction suggested by the dimensions of tbe hall aad bythese • about the Convention. 1 hoard at the from Charleston to Baltimore. But aa Charleston was ap- of putUely nothing the delegates from tlieir several States. no means intended as an unfavorable limit and view of i, but had to give up my room last week until tbe pointed the place by the Cincinnati Convention, the Execu A large hall is to be built, capable of containing from the patriarchal met itr.con While on the subject of tick- efMay,forthelandlordtoldusallttutwetiveNationalCommitteewillnotassumetheresponEib.lityeighttotenthousandpeople,tobeusedduringthesee-ets,dollarsandladies,Imaysaythatso(eagertobepre- of the change indicated, unless by petitions and app! ca- s.on ef the convention, and afterwards through the cam- sent were many of the uninvited, that high premiums were say daring April fifty dollars per week, tions from the various State delegations and the democracy paign of 1SCO. but it has not yet been decided whether the tiflered for admission; but neither money nor other influ- n*4 tbea allow bim to pat some cue else in of the several States the committee may feei themselvte Convention will hold .ts meetings there or in Metropolitan ence could increase the number cf invitations, and many sew room. This 1 could net afftrd, and went aohcrued to make said change ot place. They have al- Hall. The latter place has standing roon tor over 4,000 a lord unquestionably felt shorn of his giory by the ab-HS eeBars per day Ilext went to all the private boardingbewsts,endfoundthemaliengaged. NextIwenttoaevera'Robert T. Barton, i place! by another, fashioned like a stout sword or bowls John T. Calne, > knife, which will he quite ss serviceable for its pecultorpurpose, asd useful la many others besides.''The rifle being strictly an American weapon, my brotheralthough perhaps there is a slight want of |tetii nbliia. He is also some what self sufficient to hto manner, and at times rather harsh to hto language. He seems to be asrtvatr beeeee, and at las* 1 Induced a lady to say shewsoJdacecmmodate you. if yen and your wife will take a already engaged in Charleston for the Convention—such will make like arrangements, i'robably a largeDarld Candland. i tlBBAT SALT LASE CITV, Feb. 1, 186% <vited the ex Governor, and there came tbe suggestion ofThe streets were formerly all planked, bnt stoce 18M a a civic social reunion. Wao directed and who orinined is fence Infantry were powerless: a regularity aad shape, topolled to tarn away unable to obtain adm ^ ^form bad beta erected to frost of to M mm^ ^ crowd upon it was so great that toer,for its security, and the officers of* ^ }to this oat tbe crowd by sendir ^ tbeaa back upon thenew grade has been established, most of the principal imitation of the old rapier, was afterward given tottTsmdone of the healthiest cities on the cunttaent General Stambaugb, Capt Wa'ker, M. Gibson and the made its employmeat universal. ' Its hotel accommodat.0BS are unequalled by any city cf From the feet of being first manufactured tat Bay e a s t , its siae in the Union, and it is for that reason well calta- Hen. J. M. Bernhisel were tbe chief guests. Oa finely in the department of the lower Fyrennees. it took tbethe absence of those Yankee innovations of da:ry larms,and market gar Jens, and cattle ranges, and sheep pastnres, render even Columbia subject to a draft upon awide range of country for its supplies of butter, vegeta Ittted for tfce place of holding the Republican Convention. embossed bordered note paper, gilt edged aad esa-de- name ft bears. little or no alteration took place, exceatbias, beef and mutton. The prices of board will—as I have been assured by eologned. if I may coin a word, the following invitation to its fitting, which formerly was into the barrelTthas an Christians should a b ' M i ibsiaeiiiia. sad that$210 $partyattheSocialHall,conquering earth, unfurled her victorious banner, with change th" p"*>•*• of tie Convention to Baltimore. Next, ton with $260 per day for use of hall, and $5 per day Ihe coupd'tril, on entering the bail room, was magnifi- its 8. P. Q. R , over the rums of Carthage. The otter,wJl be prep.Tfd to meet, If authorized, as indicated, andhaving fell authority as to the teme, they wui be pre- for board. pared to change it from the 23d ot AprJ to the weeknext suorocdxg the siting of the Chiaaga Convention, preturning that thai Convention will meet on tbe day las! apcent. I could scarcely recognise the building as that to which 1 had seen the legislators "twisting and turning ' out their "forty days'' Tbe painter, uphol- sterer and gilder had labored like rw-s,pointed bj the Repubiiaan Executive Committee. In thus the city cf Ch.cago, whose rates range from one dollar to and invested Boor, walls and roof with everything which poetTioni^g tte Democratic Convent on to the week after two dollars and fifty cents per day. The proprietors or the genius of good taste could suggest. Tbe hail was bril-after expelling tbe red man from her soil—the bravestand noblest savage whom history mentions—aad emu-lating her ace'ent model, on the fields of Chahnette andSan Jacinto, finally, under our own Quitman, raised herthe ChKSgo Convention, it is contended that an advantage these hotels, without exception, promptly declare thatw 11be given to the democrats, politically, of the very they will not advance cpsu their usual rates during tbeliantly illuminated by massive giioea. and crystal chande- liers. Over the original entranue door, a beautifully de- corated orchestra was erectod for the musicians. Overof her fame, which I truat will be farther and onward"— "Far as the breeze can bear the billow's foam "m itself its".,fy this charge ef time. Butts beyond tbe Convention week. The Cincinnati, Hamilton and Dayton. sag to confer with the Nationa! Democratio Committee in last or April the fnariesfon climate might prove to be the Dayton and Michigan, and tbe httsburg, Fort Wayne regard te holding the National Convention In the iAtwr Sbmewba: inconvenient to Northern men, even with and Ch.cago railways, have arranged to take passengers aay. They ofier to fun; ah the necessary rooms for dela tftuttern principles. !Le change of t.me suggested inust to the Convention and return them fcr one fare, or halfALOWme, therefore, to suggest that Governor Pettus their heads, to a naif circle, was a well executed trans authorise some one to investigate this weapon, and report"Come, trembling sinaers."—After which he offered ap a prayer, the fervency of which brought tears to many an eye. Is it he alluded tonorth, at least, as Baltimore.At the Cincinnati Convention me ctaire was reduced to New York or Charleston for tb's iv>nvest<>in of I860. Plog-iigjyiim bad rendered Baliiir.-ire obr^xcu?; and be- tween Charleston and Neiv York. Charleston, ae a conChicago and CmtinnAii.P e r s o n a l I n t e l l i g e n c e .The United States steam frigate Brooklyn left Hamptonrors, giving the whole hall nacre the appearance of a draw-{From the Charleston .Vewi. Mar h 14 'The boarding capacity of Charleston, however ample for cession to the South for the nonrn*tii>n of Mr. B lchanan. Roads ca the 16th tost, with the Hon. Robert McLane. Dyonysius—was completely traneformed into a fine-as wants m general, cs limited in comparison with we ••vas adopted. It was a mistake, but it was a m.stakerut seat her expected to seek acoommodations during the which can be an! whish may be. rectlned Minister to Mexico, and Col. J. T. Pickett, Consul at Veragreaser Bart cf April. To furnish these ic the most ex- The Democratic Nauccal Executive Committee, ef which Cruz, on board. She will proceed at once to Vera Cruz wafied form, and to arrange for as many visiters ss possi- Hon. Mr. YaHandlgham, of Ohio, of the Hoi&? of Bepre for the purpose of securing protection to the lives asdble, great expenre has been and will be iccu-r«tl by the seatatives, is charrman, arc awaiting for tb<> opinions cfsta<i>raa in changing Uie whole furniture and arrangsi- theparty. Tbe committee will be ready to act, should it interests of our citizens there during the threatened ments oi their estabiuoments, so as to provide for the en- appear that the wishes of the members of the party di- attack ex that place by Miramcn.tertainment of a much larger number of guests. For in- rectly concerned predominate in favor of the action in Robert B. Lynch, City Clerk cf Milwaukee, Wis., asd stanc*. the Charlflston Hotel will be titled to uioru oum- •J-listed. Otherwise, should there be no change cf the E. L. H. (rardmer, City Comptroller, have been arrested loi-UH ie "bed and board'' for one thousand fru'-ets, where- tune and place cfihe Convention in question, there will for forgery and embezzlement.ly .furntobed drawxg room. On the rich Brussels oarpot were loo and card tables, lounges, sofas and rocking cha.rs enough to have filled a respectableas under the present organisat.on, tnree hu-. irt:. '*ouli be a splendid margin at •""harVeston for almost any num Governor Hicks, or Maryland, has appointed Hugh Le- absors its accommodations. large rents, too, have oeen ber of steamboats, ftc, provided with staterooms, berths nox Bond J<idge of the Cr'm.na. Court of Baltimore, to ssud by them for outside houses for guests. In addition, and provisions, board and .oJg tig for delegate* and other place of Judge Stump, removed.s»-avy outlays have been and will be made on contracts visiters at the s»idConvention.Into tLs riaoe was ushered the astonished Gentileguests—none of us anticipating the display or tbe cor-diality everywhere apparent and sincere, punctual tothe hour, Brigham was there at four o'clock. Order wascalled, and with uplifted hands he invoked blessings on sire or benefit to his cointry from his invention and ex- ribaldry, where thy Sen Is not glorified, hot rather often the three score and ten twice told, of old aud young, whoParker li. French, -snose dar.sg financiering feats in asd purchases of supplies to feed the thousands expected. And so. let the republicans hold on a little. Tiiey may Mexico ana elsewhere, and which formed a large part ofperience, as be can make no weapons save for and byAJreedy do they suffer enhanced expenses irem increased yi>t be re<;r,,re", to take their position in the Celi first. the staple news of the country some time ago. has oeen rrieee in ail market articles, arising from a holding back THJB OFJM0N OF A MSL10ATE TO THB CHARLESTON put in limbo at New Orleans for swindling a mercanlhewere ready to spring on to the bewitching boards. His Excellency the Governor tolls a rich story about the timeby the marketmen of meat, i c , for the convention per od. Ja this respect our pe»p:e at large even now feel the oon- veauoa to be a burden. The charge of tive dollars peraay, mnead of being an extortion, is bat a necessity—a mar return compensation for the efforts made and the ex- prases involved.C3XVKNT10N.ro ma BiinoB OF TJIB HEIUI?.The suggestions of the NEW Yoax BBRAITJ in rsgard to the.ensuing Democratic National Convention are quite in accordance with tne general views of that paper—emitirm out of $000.A North Grown (N H ) correspondent of the Concord Patriot writes that on the 20th alt., Dr. Patterson, a den oat in that place, while engaged to splitting wood, was assaulted by two men, father and son, named Wheat. The elder Wheat rushed upon h.m with a shovel, whichProvo. After ihey had all delivered themselves of their warlike and peace returning speeches, they were sitting X solemn silence, the one inquiring of tne other, in a whisper, wbat was coming next? While they sat wonder- ing, a little Mormon tuned h's voise, and struck up the "Old Folks at Heme,'' la tie chorus of which Jew and Gentile united. The Governor, with his usual mirthful shake, tells this story with great gusto. I am sure some of us were much surprised with the variety at the so- cial party. The prayer was unlocked for by the strangers,its cost, and is now to he seen at the store of Mr. E. B. Baker, Maia street, where all interested are invIlea to call and make examination.O p s r a t l k a n d D r a m a t i c H t w i AJtroavd. W. T. WALLACES NEW OFERA AT COViNT GARDEN.ever-nigh God, we are here for tbe proclamation of thy truth.He took hto text from Coksslanw 1, It—"For it pleased the Father that to him should all fulness dwell," and after reading the paragraph from which the text was taken he began —The Niw Y o u HHUJJ urges that the place of meetingskaU be changed from Charleston, and sneenngly says nentiy sensible, practical and just The present Demo the looter knookedfrom h s hands wiJt his axe, at tbeThe Lord Jesus Christhas given utterance to the words The london Tines of Feb. 24, has the following notice which I am about to repeat He says—"This is life eter-craiic National Committee were instructed by tbe Cincin- same time losing Lis hold of the axe. the elder assail-FACTS FROM TBE PAPERS.The Chicago Prtts says there sre thirty five hotels toAt half past three o'clock Mr.Guinnessm a l ebis ap.>-aat the tittle city, with its forty thojsand inhabitants(bahTaf them slaves), cannot accommodate the mimfin—estimated by It from tcenty to fifty thousand—who wishn>auend tie convention. The true fronds of the delegates and the country shoukl rejoice at any crcunmtance was named, pre forma, as the point of meeting; hut does bead, stunned and felled bim to the ground. The father the first cot.iion. Brigham is a great dancer, and a gra:e brttto by Mr. Filsbail)—produced in that complete andnal, to know Thee, the true God and Jesus Christ, whom Thou has seat" Now I believe those words. We are by nature ruined sinners, aad instead of betog heir* to -life eternal we are heirs of the wrath of God: or, aa expressed in the Scriptures, heirs of belt. Now the greatwhich should relieve the convention of the outatde prea- sr re wuch would corse from the corrupaoD, aspirations, aterfereace and .ns..>.ence of such a mass. The sppro- prmte part.es who should be at the convention do not ex- reed a thousand. Charleston can an 1 will provide for the acsbmrnodation of tea thousand decent visiters—surelyany one doubt or deny that if war or pestilence had in then seized him by the head, and called upon tbe son to ui dancer too.tervened, the National Committee would have power to strike. Tbe son was aooct to comply with tbe murder- Every body went to right gocd earnest into the dance, or name some other city, and there provide a suitable place ous request, when the wife of Dr. Patterson, almost help- as a writer in tbe-Mountaineer expresses it, "put theirpublic effort of the Pyne an 1 Harrison management—ex- world, not how shall we become educated? not how shall ceeded the most sanguine anticipations. As the first repre- we become famouer bat tbe great question should bs sentation ot an important and complicated work, in which bow shall we be delivered from the endless wrath of band, chorus, and principal singers are allotted tasks of God, under which we are brought into this world? for waciise of famine, exorbitant charges, or any other sufficient f-aaugb for aay democratic purpose. And if we HBRALD nason for th changertended vtatlm, seized, w'th unwonted strength, the son who held the ax?, and prevented bim rrom deal eg the Intended blow Help scon came, the assailants tied, asdnati resolutions to provide a "suitable place" in which to snt then attempted to get him by the throat, bet thehold the onevention of this year. It Is trie, Charleston Doctor knocked nxo down, when young Wheat, rushing and still was there more aston'shment when the prophetof the first performance of Mr. W. Vincent Wallace's new opera —w .11 guarantee that New York and other Northern citiesu ! Keep away from Charlaston their shoulder hitters, I understand the price charged for the room selected at the feeble bat t-ravewife was carried back to her bed. a supper room. The walls an a supporting columns wererrsg ugbes, prize fighters, blackguard omce seekers, pick Charleston to meet in Is some two hundred and fifty doi Mrs. I'atterson is descended from ancestors renesned for covered with mountain evergreens, and everywhere, sockets, burgi&rs and rowdies generally, the iVews will lars per day. Now, who is to pay this* Surety not tht their bravery—the McNiei, of Revolutionary fame, and where convenient, the stars and stripes waved as an indi- sxarantee that Charleston (now having BJity thousand in- present National Committee, at least until it sha.l have Capt. Lovewell, of the lad.an war. She .8 the author of cation of their love cf country. It was not my businessupon tbe Doctor with the axe, and striking hm upon the stepped down from the stage on to the boards aad led ofiThe success of Mr. Wallace's new opera "Lurline (liefficient manner which has honorably distinguished evrf question is not how shall we enrich ourseltes to thailees by long disease, rushed from her bed to the rescue hearts in o the light fantastic toe.' At eight o clock the in which to assemble the Convention ? Why not, then, in of her hesbani, and. throwing herself before their 1B invitation was given to.Beef,OH TUBSDAT, rBBRUART 7, I860. Tickets $10 per oouple.J firmly with a spring, Is a bayonet oa tbe musket sad a sword whea detached, as Com. Dahlgrcn states la articlefive years of age, though hie appearance would main tost somewhat.older. He to a maafrf Bsedium height, suauy built,ar^d has a very toterested aad earnest mannerpaxancy, bearing the illuminated inscription:— "OUR M-JLNTALN HOME"And adds, page 111 —with paintings and engravings; even tho Cosmopolitan omit noticing the prior use ef the conical bail in lbs CalledStetcs u«a i'l i) i<l.VM.Jellies. Found, Raisins,Tbe reports from tbe East of recommendations tor theGeneral Garibaldi has received a present from tbe establishment of martial tow over this Territory sre re- or the entr'actes which were to be given that evening.S ^ ^ l a - a ^ ^ - ^ - ^ 'SrJSffl Chicago, the county seat of Cook county. and the largej*-that the arrivals of bast catuf S» ^ »*1*»«7 we etty to tbe State, to situated on the southwestern shore of Americans of New York, consisting ef a handsome eun ceived by tbe Mormons with ridicule. I am satisled that Thus ready, my pupils sad I joined our comrades, eachThe first white settlers were s bead of traders and Jesuitsaksaaoarias, who pitched their tents on the prairie to despatch to the Queen:-"The Empress or the French election of their own officers. They would claimtbat all Tbe places kept for Napoleon aad his guestsH » T » 1 I t o t e i l l f e s t e e .Tbe Brazilian corvette Dona Isabella was pat to drydock at the Brooklyn Nary Yard, on Friday erestof tost. The alterations aad repairs which are needed a* aw wOl occupy, perhaps, two weeks before comptotod. w »£**£**??L/°£ « £ ? * • £ w»h ell her heart, because if*, tbe territory at acat cms being peopled by tbe ? • £ i l ^ ^ ^ 8 P * * ^ « « - « * ^ b e m d , n ^ ^*esat Indians, who were afterwards overcome by tbe **'". J H S " ? r*J**d m •atteble terms The Emps-who remained possessors until 1796, whenwas constitutionally accomplished, aad they are enough to keep out of the meshes of the tow.smartwere Just behind tbe orchestra. Like tbe un- fledged bornptoyer I was, I entrusted tbe conducting of the band te the best of my pupils, taking my orders from him like the rest Shortly after we had timed, theCol. Johnston's command seem anomalous, if any thing graph, and bis despatch reached ber Majesty to the midst like martial tow to contemplated. Tbe longer I live toM. Louis Vemllot has embarked at Marseilles on tbe Vatican (the name of tbe vessel to a singular deace) for Rome.Thomas M. Tryniski 309 South 4th Street Fulton New Yorkproduced onshore at the WsshisgtoB ^ j J ^ T ^ L I could scarcely sup. Even tbe next day, when I got Old Joe Buck figures on the occasion as Tlsaothy Atari*isMhEdmtrfibtf *m«h»rSook^asajas, provemenuthereon,allow me, through the stealsinef•ommunity.ing coBtinues till everybody is fully sattofled with tfce re-creation. The general Saints bed their "ward parties,"Banc—a second Dodworth est a small scale- of them. er,sttea«,BvrfncieBtforallpurposei, having a tbe Academy ef Music, except whea apolitical - TM " L ? *Patrick's _ . Ihorse railroads. m - n - i dence Hall opened, end some of the Elders initiated aad novelty consist in the adoption of a knife, to Use of. aad eight thousand people were present,The city is supplied with wafcr from Lake Michigan, weekly cotillon parties,"where at other times they met to aad used as a bayonet Most of your readers ere!ae doubt, aware that the bayonet originated from past three—the time est down for the comrn*ichurch, the Second PresbytensJi church, « •SL«? % V * e n 7 t b e bulk of this multitude will be All Jttie prrncipaJ tboroughfares are mlSTseoioa wy had s weekly mt>e>; Daft bed hie Indepen- clear range i>r a thousand yards. But its greatest merit tog has been held there. At three o dock betweeBpreventing discharge while the bayonet was flaed.usiil none but sinners should efjme to listen to his words. K" £ PlwrHms L'num" over the smoking fragments ofChapultepec: and, as yet, it only in the commencement pearanoe upon the platform, accompanied by the Rev. Dr.te him, before the State receive her quota of arms rromthe general government, to which ber allowance entitlesber. And tile adoption of the bow .e knife and conical ballwould be properly associated with that ex'.raeriinary tn the building to which they, were present, and the ad- dividual. Ream Bowie, tor, twenty-three years ago he mirers or the Opera and tbe lovers of music aad singing ing room than a bail room. The st ge—that had former gave me the first information of the practical eQect of will be somewhat surprised at hto remarks Tne follow-ly witnessed the smothering of Desdomona, the solemn aaoiince of tbe daughter of V-.rginius and tbe nciy reconciliation of the patriot Damon and the tyranttudes come continually to whose hearts thy tors dwells cabinet warehouse. The wails were richly ornamented But it wor.io be doxg less than jistxe to our country to oof and who know sot tbe excellency of tbe knowledge ofArt Journal's "Shakspere and his Friends,1 and ''Tba States by Eome of our riflemen, who intuitively perceived Jesus Christ, who, instead of casting the world behindVillage Blacksavth,'' decorated tee walisxif the Mormon hall.the real result, and approached It d.rec'Jy and intelligent their back and counting all things tost for Jems' sake, set ly. The sample it my poescssion's ssii to date from their affections upon Uie things of this world aad care 183T—it is »(,' .nch dtomtter at the bntt, 1 « inche long, little concerning the things of eternity. Oh, God! we and we.ghs 1!» ounce. meet to a place where multitudes come coattocalry forare brought into this world sinful creatures, asd by our actual transgressions we have brought ourselves aha under the darkness of the frown of the everlasting wrath of God. The great question to how shall we be delivered from this wrath of God and everlasting death, asd how Bhall we have an entrance and admission tote the favor of God and eternal life? Now the Lord Jesus Christ solves the problem. He says, "This si life eternal, to know thee, the true God, and Jesus Christ, whom thou has seat" **e•«Mine best (Candland of the Globe) was in all his glory, hers" thus marked out for distinction were the overture:Mrs. Patsey Allen, a resident of Cioverdale township, and for the entertainment of the party presented them a bacchanalian chorus, for men's voices "Drain shortly meet you all before the judgement seat of God.almost equal responsibility, the performance of last nigtit The basement of the building was finely arranged lor may stand comparison with any on record. The bousewas crowded tn every part, and though there was no res tige of a clactxe—always pleasant because a healthy inci dent to note—the audience were enthusiastic beyond measure. No less than seven pieces were re demandedTne Hl'WBH ROOM.It may be proper to remark that Captain Dahlgren can worldly and carnal mirth and amusement, where thy have no interest in aay or these muskets, beyond the de name is not mentioned, save at times it may be to sinfultimes where even his professing servants, members of order of the government The musket spoken of, bearing churches, come in secret, mingling with the blind multi- tbe name of his practice ship, Plymouth, was made by tude, hastening in ignorance down the broad road that that the Peace Commissioners met with the Mormons at express permission of the Department for me, on paying leads to hell. Oh, thou invisible, bat ever present aadthe end of each act, after the accustomed complimentshad been paid to the chief performers, Mr. Wallace wassummoned with acclamations before the footlights, andcrossed the stage amid plaudits that seemed ss if theywould never cease. lastly, a unanimous call was raised 1 once knew nothing of these things—the world was for Mr. Alfred Mellon, the conductor who by his zealous everything to me—I gave myself up to the pursuit of and indefatigable exertions had shown himself richly en- worldly pleasures and te indu'ge in workily sins, and titled to the honor. At present ws must be content to going with worldly companions down the broad road thatcreditably. But another difficulty arose—the parte ofviolin and viola only gave as three places, and as we didnot know bow to play any other instrument, oae of usmust be obliged to give up the treat Tbe Idea then oc-curred lo me of trying if I could not, in the course of oaeday, learn enough of tbe horn to be able te take on myselftbe pert of second horn. I went at once to bim I wishedto replace, borrowed his instrument, aad thereupon set to now to enter. T._o i<gn_or_e f«i—gu—reas onf s•npae^eTchtl SfM«S» *re'STSTnB;Kv a* work. I began by producing frightful noises; but, after warm aad nrtog reattttes. I would say toyoatoto^i snvwand the ofikoourings or other countries congregated toImmortality, the rest, the all to all to hto people. I «*«that be to their husband, and their brother, and theirSsTtoar-yea,that be to aQ to all te them, at all times.• e * * e Now, here to the tempto of grsos^bsflarayou. Instead of enateri'ng that temple, I have *«**]»*tome of the marble steps that lead to it and satotedout to yon tbe way to eater, — ~-—- ^ - way to eater, sad it retaatos b*yot »creatures to the first oT all bemes-go• » f j ^ TM j r * *A The njsd.c.ous selectioa of Charkstos ss the place for1306,.— f l wthe Indiana trapped the mnstnraT"Si"2f * Po 1busted docks. The city derivwg BstaLS'.SS; Mr efw<.MoaSess w h i c h - — ' - 2 J P W I * * *county,ftLs^ffra•*wT T '"P / * «Si*qrwinbede. livered ap to tbe Warden of said prison.be in attendance.TI—* A wr c».,.v r-rHA/i ntmttm Marine corps, »>r.'*'*<r0rT»P tawww.ffVRZ&*!*the 2«th of Fubruarv. in the 106tb vearohte9derment by telling her that I was reducedtoaeebastoteultonhistory.com 