 •f n«». CuUaa M. Cl«y. before the Te«»« HfBB'e ReprtUeaB Clm*.CoMMauoa. Poatmaster Hoitaewtac tafrhlnMaesdoDofCongress,allthepowerofCongresswas tberosecolorsoflifeand thus exercise a healthful influence on the whole of our Muni-broaghtto bear—to do what? To bring Kansas in ? No, but to keep her out, and she was told—" Iftake Slavery, you may come inGod give me strength, amid I know not what terrors for the body and the soul, toall of this City.CoiB—MiTCHBLL.—In this City, on Wednesday, Feb. 8,bj Rev. Wm. P. Corbit, Pastor of the Green-st. M. E.but if you do not, we will take away the bonus of land we havestand there to myyoo;dying day!Church. Mr. JoBii F. Cole to Miss Haxi K.$2eg.SinglettoB of Ulavery In the territories was only considered in tbe atta of the Court. It seemed that this Court, which, in the opinion of the old Demo- cratic Party, from Jxrvusoii down to Buchakui, was not wtnthy of respect, had suddenly come into &vor. For lilmself, he believed that a black man oron Tobacco—Olriher funeral, from S George'son Beer water would' indicate in case of obstruction nearly Church, Stuyvesant-;andhours.^^^^^^^^^^^^^ AOBIC1TI.TirSE AT TAI<E.He Party ekaited that tha DeaMoratlehad de-CibH CiaT.")vioJkted tbecided that tbe Bbaantaat tools efthe Post-office De- partment cooldopn privata documents, and If they were not pleaaed wttb them then they could hum such doctunenta. A brcpbsiiion in Jaoisob's time to put such a ceniorshlp over the Press and correspond-A eBSAThistory.II JoBH C. BucuBtmaa could do that he waa a;CLKANINS, CURL-sn^arter man than he took him for. [Laughter.]thai meafure was passed, Mr. Cl.\t spoke of theA number of haveHelperedition of the printed. Orders for extra copies shoold—the framers of the Constitution had meant that, would ana a pony. The land not in grass was Judge Fkssch explained, illustrating from the 19, HxBsrUooBB, in theS3dyesrof hisaze.diAcnlty,season has been as followscause it went there under the Constitution. If 20 milch cows, 64 sheep, 106 lambs, 4 nigs, 2 horses ing their clays with great success.prevent Slavery going into the Territoriesbe-:theyDsed,doctrine was certainly not that the Constitution oats, 3}i mangolds and surales, 3 of beans. reception of tile.to attend the fonera] services, from the 17th-st M. E.bfetwten 1st and 2dat 3 o'clwk, without further notice. His remaics will bencstrum, but it Is known to the Professors of medical colleges and to many leading phjsiciana, and it is ta- dorf ed by many hospital surgeons and by the pabtta generally. Tbe component parts are at the service of any respectable physician, and it has the followingWe generally suppose, he sail, carried Slavery everywhere per sj, for they passed a The Winter bean is a favorite with Mr. Hoksfaix, that to RO down four feet we must have at le^ts; twoChurch,avs..onFriday Bf'ernoon,TEENTH CENTURY,Bl' REV. DK. GEORGE B. CHEEVER. A LETTER FROM FLORENCE,tion a specific nrovision that Congress should " make prepare the giound for another crop. On the 2X twerty Inches isenough, si-xtcen betler, and ii Ut,-^- all needful rules and regulations for the government acres of wheat. 15 cwt. of salt weie sown on those pans land where this work Is done by the rod an'l bv ro-n- of tne Teirlloiiee," and this power had been manv most likely to lodge. Only i!4 bushels of seeu was petent tuplneers, twelve inches is the exireniewldth,times exercised in the time of the Iramers of tliat sownon the whole field, but 88 it was not threshedNew Haven train from 27th ?t. sta'ion. Th..re will beBYMRS.HARRIETBEECHERSTOWE. statementfromDr.liayea,theeminentChemisttothedered free the moment his feet touched free soil. sheep (ewes) Mr. HoasrAU. generally purchases In itgooseer oxew (ba knife of war imtil he had seen his sons drainedwelterteg in bkwd. Then he took up the knife, and and three to four feet deepri^t^ocown way. He charged that the Democratic Party had baen succMsful m 18S6 on false pretences atClasM No. 78, Feb. 15. 1860.T8, 73, 24, 4, 42, 66, 68, 10, 37, 60, 76. 74, 67.Witaess our hands, at Wilmington. Del., Fab. 15, 1860. GEO. C. GORDON.JOS. SEAL.JAMES DU-NCAN. Cirenlara, eoBiainlag schemes for the month, will beinggreatthey bad mata withdespoUsm agatostliberty. Kossuth 'The building is so arranged that one whole side can "lent forma."TMr of Old Ulcers, Fever Sores and brity by flowery anH effecu. mmjWand not only were Northern men driven from tbeir business In the South, but Soathem men were driven 1emoved from tills tank Is mixed with the of scrapingsFIRE-PROOF SAFES. STEARNS & MARVIN'Sare c«aMng a mihgW fealW of a*-^'^'L.' r?y.n ^'^"^,'orandKentn(*y, Cashap- IrrigatesBed at No. 378 Broadway.minutes makes leather water-proof Sold every-incsh, pattern,jjj- ^plause.] And thus it is,—soils nothing—BED-SPRING where. JAPANESE POLISH CDMPANY,ANDremoved to No. IB Bona-st. ftorprtoellK. Addreraproionged.1you why they cantacre, just previousbeing no immediately washed In.TT8BFUI> I?iwhat is there called meadow grass being the best variety genus.II.baXku DO TOC WANT LUXURIANT WEOSKBSawent upon tbe Indian principle that he should fightthe slaveholder wherever he found him—even in Vir-ginia. [Applause.] His action had been slmplv theresult of the Democratic violation of their solemn England, but unusual here, that is tt roof of slatepledges that the people of the Territories should be with a thatch uiulemtalh. This has the effect of pro- tion of the allowed to settle their domestic Institutions in theirpreferred.la ste or "ujawhad said, If the United States would say but one be thrown open If necessary. A wing attached fur-woid of proteat, Hungary would be free." if the Re'- nished room for food and roots. are about Market reports,Mr. CLiT—ru tellIn my own p«rson I am as any other man. There are The time of manurlnR the meadows Is aa soon after made.thotisands ot men in L Kentucky as good as.Clay:BiiTer anddrive me out.straw or coarsematerial.It Isonlyplaceas the weather is£"1 ?".r "'^ °"t because I stand upon' principal. pastures the Winter season. Liquid manure Is;ProjectSketch af the late Wm. E.21 heifers and bullocks,m^ yeaHMg mB^^mgji^^attts^ «<fc»T«Jt IAt»r BBCBS. tmti It tlaite kail, the walls of which were decorated with it was allowed. ("Shame."] If the Repnbllcani wtekly cost of this cooking IsFaraovT benners and flags, rhou.d. In a legal and comtlmtlonal way, take pos- one man, wim a little help in milking, having the large Bixe, high speed, with latest improvements. PriceNEW ^OKS.KBl«Vt;<)KT MSPtmLIOANISai.me to-night It la not sale to pot down " Cau H. objects, and ihlnka tfaa fomer draws his oon'^lu-BtmtuMH B«wlis« Umxlklmn Ife. iMwlng "fhlniMThe family sevlsgrnaoUaa BesunlBC gaogesCUT." (Prol<Bga« KMlnae aad^tbrae ehoera torklons loo exciuslvelf from tbe Flemish farmers of Belglom.The food for Winter is feedingspeechThe umouDcamrnt that Hon. Cabbids M. Clat•fKeBtneky, would »pe»k «t Cooper IiuUtute, l»st«TMr!iig,Enough were present erated, and yet hero In this free country terials are changed according to the price. The The GroTer i Baker Sewing Machine Company have WORTH U the aatber of the v^'" '"'e. THE LOSTmalt combs, witn straw cut to X Inch In length, 10 to 12 pounds. This mixture is dampened, care being taken In this particular, as the »ttr»c1ed a room full. In spile of the rtonn. ence was Toted aown in the Senate. In laxative quallUes depend on the amotmtof mixture to occupy every <est In tbe Great Britain such an; espionage was not tol- It contains, and then Gleamed one hour. Toe ma-four cents per head— just Inlrodaced anew and superior ShutUe Machine, Mr.CbaklxsRoGiESIntroducedthespeakerofthe setslonoftbeGovernment,someoftheSoutherners chargeoftwentycokb.Thepriceatwhichthemilk $S0.TorsaleatNO.495BROADWAY,New-York.times worae." We believe the reader, notwlthst^d^and tolerant.eTCBing.who "»• 'ecelred with roclferous applaute,NO. lai FULT0y-8T.. Brooklyn.M0TICE8 OF THE NORTH AJW PRB8S,^"""^ ^' Rots'* Review.renewed as he attempted to conunence, Mr. Cut at length succeeded in eommenclng hisbrancB in the Cou- grets ot the Uidted Stale?— to be the Senator of Ken-Is usedThe practical nature of these experiments of Mr.BOVIM.fnquentiTfor butter-making.speech,IBerailen of his own preparations. He considered it what was the matter. JoHitt [Laughter.]That they are nowHOUSEHOLD FURNITURE,argument from the assaults•declared that they would not submit. The Vice- Pretident, they were told, wss sad. [Uughter;] thoughIs sold is four cents per quart, and as the riemand dots not always come up to the supply, the remainderDEEDS,. commencedintheLKDOKRtat'"»""k,andfuldenunciation of the book, vUl yet find the ekatiMi oftheSouthanditailareatobabotht"n"l^herreteuily eltvated to th« highestafter looie delay occasioned by the great de- tucky for six years. Yet, be was sad. WBy, Hoasriu have added great value to his writings,A. J. Bleerker, Son dt Co.> Give notice_ _ _Xesira, S. O. Biaxina ft Co.GUTLEMIHtoo-Bt.andNo. 4« Ann-'t., oecopled by ourselTea aadBomlsgfiwtli would eall an infernal fire, tbeyhad just perity dragged to the verge of dissolution; and teresting lecture on "Tobacco." His principal aim to the fiery ordeal, has delivered np Ita cootente withoutwbare he left offin IBM. What was thenonly byMwprophecy. Ur.Bucouiaswasnotspeculationwhat Is tbe matter? Who has been doctoring it? Who has caused this breaking up of tbe bonds of the Union,ofwhichwehaveheardsomucUoflatef The Yi>e-Piesldent is sad. I am saa, you are sad,PROF. BREWER ON TOBACCO. YalxCoLtxoi,Wednesday,Feb.IS,IBM.:The No. 113 Fal- printing establUhment,as thatisexpression very stale, we wlUs'imply lartoIsed by what wai admitted to be fkaud, butBOiitr of the popular Tote. Their standard had we all are sad. It Is, .indeed, a aorry sight fessor elect of Agrioultural Chemistry at the new bnndredB of dollars In baak-bll.i. were In one of yoar l:«eB Bdyanced since then, and in the face of what the to see a people in time of peace and pros- Agricultural College of your State, delivered an in- ChaaplOB Safes, an 4. after beloK exposed for 33 hourselect- a ml-consomed ledger,the curious part of it la, and tbe cruel part oftbe loss ofa stngle dollar. Exi>er1ence teaohej us we will, what difference It makes to the general reader want no other Safe but voan.SOLD BT ALL BOOKaCLLKBB. 1 ToL Utao. Cloth. Beaoad Sdtttoa. ~Printed, n cents.Sent by mall anywhere on receipt ot pablUbad |was to show the exhausting nature of this crop Ti^^alnre. [Applause.] It was at first hoped by tenderly loved, as you ought, you would not act that If the farmer was determined to grow it, he must aome that Mr. Bcohiiwi would break away from as you now do with this Union, of the love of which take care that he puts on his land as much as heelected a of the lower branch of the National Speakerand$1,000 Reward will be paid to any person that can paMy and give us a conservative Administration. He you boast so much. 1 love my wife above ail women; takes off. Eleven successive crops of wheat, at an show that ^rring's Patent Ohampton Safe ever faileddl4 not paiticipate in these expectations. He re- 8l>e is In beallh, and the goes and comes, she smiles average of thirty bushels to the acre, would, be said, to preserve its oonbentj in an aociaental fire. ai,d cries, works and plays, and does all those tningsPatenteesandManoltetarenit, thatIfone of you bad a wife or daughter that you;WYUKOOP, BALLBNBECK b THOMAS.memtiered the Ostend Manifesto, and the visit of that nature designed her to do and if I call in some deprive the land of as much nutriment as one good S. 0. BEBRIK6 k CO,wto writes a Btory. provided it be a good one.HBNRTWARD BBBOHEB ONWOBAN'S BIGHTS.At the request of many friends, the address reoenilfdelivered by Rev. Hbret Waas BaacEaa, in Cooper In-PDDNEY Ac RUSSBUm PaMlakamk No. »» iotmtt., Bev-TariLHAVE Y-OO SEKNThe First Part ofCtSSBI.I.>B IJULUSTRATBDVAKIX.T BIBLE *ofSenator Baowx, of Mississippi, to Wheatland, and the doctor upon some Imaginary or real affection of the crop tobacco. If, however, this high manuring of Herrlng^s Patent Champion Fire and Bafglar-Proefpledge there procured. He xcewtbat ononesideof the dse he "Was suppo&ed to &e favorable to Freedom and on the other siL-e to Slavery. Heknewthit when he came to administer tbe Government he would have togreat course of health, and the doctor brings her towas resorted to, tobacco would not to nowraising In appearbe so profitable as it is, though the long run ItSafes, No. Ul Broajway, earner of Morray-tt., oppoalte the City Hall. New-York.Spaidlns'a Prepared Qlae*Usircii in avxai uoDsa. Fox salb BvaarwHiaa.-Purchase a copy—the price is onlyUcents. You wlUBold by R08S *'Mlafi"l.e^d'htr'e'e?l*or*,1'5!declare either for Freedom or Slavery —emaciated and I say " Wby, Doctor, the woman isMR. QUINBY ON THE HONEY BEE. Mr. QnuBT last evening spoke on the HoneyT0D8EY. H. DEXTBR » OtU*'Underwhich;In the name ofGod whatare you going toKJfw,Bezooian^''—andthedeclarationhadbeenmade doi" "Well,"sayshe,"thewomanIsdying 1 ;Kanntaetured by- # H. C. SPALbedthe rtise fades from her checksay it Is the cheapest and the meet cent BIBLE ever publUhed.dyingand perlo"d-l•c"l.l";;1becomes dull;crop.;DING k 00., No. 4* Cedar-st.d>iJeaaJis^S«:. CA8SELL, PKTTER k OALPDI.:fc ««"kseller8 cenu from:the bright eye and the full and rouud form becomeswas the only way to raise this or any otheram am going lo vindicate myself in history."Place them on the hives as soon—no sooner—as theytbe black man—roan—faithful to one aspiration, the liberties of man- they are filled with honey, otherwise theof this Cityyo.uEgeat daughterof Hermansettleupon my locks'.Fugitive S^ave law. But, tney put in the Constitu- inasmuch as It is harvested early, leaving time to and a half feet of width at the top. This Is al! wrong, taken t« Rye for interment, on Saturday inthe9A.M.Constituuon. Yet, we were told that Congress had tbeno po*er over Slavery in the Territories. The year's rotation is followed on this farm, but not withdoctrine of Ma>s;iild was, that no mat- any particular care. The interest of ihis farm Is drain only one foot wk!eter where a ilave came from, he was ren- chitfly in its stock and its grass fields. The widen a little, or if the rock by a large one go around further invitation.yieldcould not be ascertained. A six or seventhere i."[Applause.] He sawtbat they inherited that spirit October, to the number of say 60, piying t^ufsf ioTi-Are there any good draining machines ? S. Collins, in the 46lh year of his age.A. A. HAYES. M. O., Chemiet/or the State of ilatsachuiettt."Female irregltlarities, uraJmess, uterine liispimcemenu, and all local uterine diffictdties, and eonstitufional troubles uf women are entirely cured by Tbe GnAEran- fiXEG Marsball's UTEBlNr CATHOLIOOIf. Price, 91 d# per bottle. Fob Sale at the Office op i.ie GBAEravaaBS CoKPAM, No. 32 PARK-ROW, NEW-YORR, Ann ar ALL DBroCISTS.CsrTHEReceiptof86FiveBottlesbe^tbtEx- press. AND CUABGBS FAtn TO INP OF ExPBESS aoUTB faMi NewYobk.^Address JOSHUA F. BRIDGE, M. D.. Secretarg aaf Consulting Physician Graej'enlerg Company, No. 39has an animalWhat was sauce for' the gojse was sauce for the for the butcher, thus getting both the milk-man's and cut the jugular vein, but not knowing its precise lo- for interment.could afford to be magnanimous to their Southernbrethren. They would the adoptber. Anotlier lot of twenty acres, every foot of whichcarried out and soon fainted. On being restored toBishop.-In Brooklyn, E. D.. on Tuesday night, Feb. 14. Cba&lkt. youngest child of George and SliEabsth-ytTEsection ot the country for their kind eCTorts to Increaseof Wib-Rii, In expresning willingness to aid the South by and a" :Ithe power of the roited States to abolishsheeppas-assigned no reason for his rash act, but tbe general impressioncough.The friends of the family are respectfOUy Invited toFactoryW&nHungary rose against Austria they sym-i.sPBiisiraB.—On Monday. Feb. 13, of InflammationWILL NOT SOILTHF FINE.ST FABRIC IN ANT Vi EA.THSR, _____languagehas one bullock tbe ealtle will eat, usually supportedcon.sciousness, he called for the knife, sayingKill soon finish it." The unfortunate mandestiny, regarding him as deserving of all help—If acooiUct sfaoold come between Urn and his enslaver,then the speaker would be in favor of his own race,and against any race in thf world. But such a con- have inflict was not the way to settle the question. [Ap- 'of cooked food, when the feed begins to fail in Au-He regarded Joha Bsowh as the result of iDemocratlc acdotu He had gone under the Cincin-to the cows.are stabled atexternal remedy orataac^ preparedb«ie-se tter, whoae fcme ia aaitwalad by that o» aayll*-l^nse.lgust, givennight,OFFICIAL DRA'WDJGS, BT TBLEGBAPH!" Men were forced [Laughter.]Message. grassesMr.HoasrAU.prefersthepoosand/«sfuco,»— CAuroamA—LettersfromourSanFranciscoCorre-gle eopies, six cents. JOSKPIIall rheamatle aad nomas dlsoraera, externalAc. All snfferer, dwold glTO it a trial. JUCH. ACO.,Proprietori,Konrleh.Conn. Forla],byJS?Slaveryttiepasture Itself,Ing man.fail, heready, byfinishing,"gash in the throat, ainiing, no doubt togander." [Laughter.] It was true the Republicans the stall- feeders profit out of the same animal. But cation, missed it.were eppoaed to the extension of Slavery. They it Is the mas agement of the pasture and meadow-lands holding his head on his left hand, while tbe bloodknew they could sell, more to Free Slates than they which claiaaa our special attention. Fourteen acres was trickling down tbe side of ills neck and arms. well. In fhe Eth year of his age.could to Blare States. They wanted to show that of meadowdftn pasture twenty cows and twenty-four When asked about it, he insisted that nothing was Notices of time of funeral will be given in papers o, while Biey meant to vindicate their principles they sheep, with a little assistance, till the middle of Octo- the matter, and requested to be let alone. He was to-morrow. „and a-half to each acre. To these tures the stock is rot admitted until the grass is wellat Ives Station, on Canal Railroad, II bIiiiMSlavery. They would go with Mr. Biaie (applause] up, this being a security against droutli. Previous to is that he was laboring under a fit cf insanity. tosetapartlandforthecongregationoftheblacks Ithistheygrazeinthemowinglands,whicharecutattend the funeral services, at tbe residence of his pa- rate of rents,thisday.(Thursday.)Feb.16,at2o'clock,atNo.24 Wytbe-av., Brooklyn. E. D.printSOiOOO*New-Have^PERRY'S JAPANESEto be thein Central America, if necessary—perbap.s .down close by them, but which produce at the end ofpioneers of our power in that country. It was al- June ten tons and a half to the acre, besides a second leged that they were the cause of tht John Browa crop, or aftir-math.THE WEEKL.'Y TIMES.Whitb.—At Union. N. J., on Wednesday morning,BOOTTICULAR.NO RUBBING IS REQUIRED. GIVES A BEAl'TIFUL GLOSS. DRIES IN THREE MINUTES.nud. [Laughter.] He would be candid. His sympa- thies bad been with England In her conflict with Aslait* natiOBS because on one side there was that noUe BMlldi nation and on the other a barbarous laee.The bestmeadow, an Irrigated one. Is a thin soil and a stonyThe Weeklycontains theScuNTiFic AaaiccLTUBK—White, a^red 23 years.His friends, and friends of Dr. Berrler's family, arerequeated to attend his funeral, on Friday, Feb. 17, at 2 o'clock P. M.. at Dr. Barrier's residence.ofclay.irrlg-atlugwater is the of the sewerageofReports thc|Lecturesinpastureis adeep alluvial loam, but theTimks, publishedthismorning,columns. We allude to Jahes Rdssbu. Lowul,Thevillage of Burley flowing into a small brook which turned on to the meadow at the highest andthe Agricultural Course at Yale College.pathizedwithBongary. [Applause.] Sowithregard conductedInchannels toall partsofit. It runs on A(;bicli.tv8al.MiscsLLAM-Extracts from Foreign Prof. £11.18 Peissner, of Union College, and grand-le the Uaeka of the South, whatever might be theirPRESERVESTHELCATHEB. SOLD EVEBYWHERH.during the Winteris turned off in the to al- Spring&c.EaousB RCRAJ. CC3T0U3—The Folk-Lore of atry Parish—an entertaining sketch.PosTBT—The Bridal of Gaitrim.TiHSTSOa's N»w Poia-Sea Dreams. EuAHCiFATioif ni Jamaica-Third Letter from ourof Prof.2and 10„ _ Prineipal ddp6t Japanese Polish Company, No. HIBroteae-st., one door west of Broadway.A BiIfKED-'TKTrF. WXOatBDR. BWKKrS mrALUBLK UKDIBBT,low of grazinggrass,Coun-Mrs. HAS&tH our readers liave beencrop.pastures these animals, Is a small quantitytheto flee or be killed, if they undertook to stand up forPopular Sovereignty. [Applause.] Jobs B»«W5 nev- known of the former All hU lands are spondents.supporting;turned on again to atari theAgricultural journals,daughter tnonths.Ta>lor Lewis, agedyears;then on to harvest it, and on again to start the secondRev. CroaOE B. CnEavaa, D.D., andThe " little assistance " which theMabsh.—.4t New-Orleans, at the St. Louis Hotel, onTuesday morning. Jan. 31, of Intlammation of the longs.Miss Lacba Padlpiso. odIj daughter of Maria Louiaa Beechib Siowa, yith whom and Alanson Marsh, aged 19 years and 3 months.Theyand receive a "foddering" of grass often cut fromthe lines of tile mnnlng eight yards apartNicAaAODA—The new TransitCommissioners, appointed byThe feeding-stables In thli formvenient, one not\ uncommon laWeek. CossaiBS—Full report of the debates on the Aboli-are the DELAWARE:heavily.»o aavhaving peculiaritySiTHHABT orNxirs—The Record of theHYATT'S 1.IFE B.4r.8A.»I.Whitewashing the roof some for the purpose of reflecting the heat. The wash will get removedB. e. CRAJBAM. No. STOMACHan evenIn Summer is recommendedducinghome and«)rtoad. With regard to foreign questions, by Winter, so as not to have the same effect then. EniToaiALS— Topics.of their interests in of liquid manure, It Is poured Into the stream whichu that man. [Loud the meadows. The manure from an animal,braKa^tnoch^eTextra finished,. ofK"=,,;232Maa, and rtlTer sociei.that when- if appointment for the per year.ATCBEI.OR'S HAIRNo. 447 Broome-st, one door west of Broadway.LnmilBNT—TEE 6BEATE8T PRO- Private hair-dyeing rooma.DYB, WIGgentlemen,properlythe SLUPTICliquid manure, COMPANY, for their descriptive circular. Special in-^ry,temperature. byofThe stallsnot that five feet wide, and the cattle fastened by sliding ringsMarriagesready for mailing. Price Four Cents.•had been in power, wouldwoid bare been spoken t The Democratic Party had and stancheons about a foot tiack fromfrfa^n'carhence'^th^^I^palJrpobllcan Partycine invariably performs,which can comi>are with this power'nl, safe and certain •' * D|Ptrampled onder foot all those safeguards of libertywhich even British rabjects possessed to-day—trialby JtUT, the freedom from search, freedom of speech,and of the Press. The right of petition was^throughthe Democratic Party, void and of no effect in fifteen has, is a grate allowing the States of tld* Union. Tlie Constitution was violated,Mailed free of charge, by sending te WOOD, EDBYworst casesofCancer, Liver Complaint and Fistula.an amount <J-nmu^^^^^way xeu aickneBS. Tknm»-mat,i?,sustalnedbfd mi 't°er'a?di^psrt5 of the curea ofpassage manure Into a tank underneath, which tank isOBceBroadway.New-Tork.For sale by all ts. Druggis7S centsperbottle.philosophy «i«Rha». T^hi- if the stSpIe liTeriifi S^hiiitv intcrmittents, eonpUlnta, *h?^ifimeIaDchoy. hysteria, headache, eholio, flafacces- sible from the oatside of the building. The manure;the latter depth belitgOBtTcuiT— Buxton.BiographicalFOR SALEOR BIOUSTACHBBtthe manger pers, At the upper part of the manger lies a cocoa-purifying agent, and that it has also cured the very atomach and .ut^id.ary org-nanut mat about three feetwith tm- strawof theWheelerdc^^llaon'aSewtas9Iachlne>are the favorites for families.— Times. They —We prefer them for family use. Tribune.fe CO., t or Augusta, Ga.uj"-^^^^^^ r-jdemeath, the Behind thissecurely down. only bedding tbe animalWilmington, Del.,Principal Depot,B^tten^wholethesquare, fastenedNo. Hi Grand-st.Agent for Brooklyn, Mrs. H AYES, No. 175 Fulten-st.patientmayturewMle tteJ^^cTlSIpoint,the lungs, Ebsiah I.bwis Pbihsivbb, eldest daughter ofEsq,These, together with Rev. Henet Waed BtEt-iira,where the of the animals Special Correspondent. droppingsOF THB I.BGAI.IZED WOOD,EDDTbCO.,Managers,of theDELAWARE, GEORGIA, KENTUCKY and MISSOURI STATELOTTERIES.AUTHORIZED BT THE LEGISLATURE.the ft>Uawiagnati Platform to settle the question ofInKansas,innocentlybeiievlogthathecould havecausedagrowthtooranktobeeatenintbe EuaoFBAsNiwB—TbeItalianQuestion,Tote down Slavery. But the Missouri border- field. In the hot season the animals are stabled dur- Mbxico—Latest advices from Mexico—Effect of Mr. Itifflans came, and the great question was, " Are you ing the day, and let out to graze in the night. Of BtrcHARAn'gZ,OTTBRIBS>It Is a eertaai aad Immediate ear* fcrrbesi TiBMS—ByMail,*2ayear; iiycarrier,$250.Sin- matiam,gout,netiralgiak,apratiia,bruises,caka,sores, bnma, scalds, piles, lambace, lHadadie.trwere con- verynnmbers drawn this day LOTTERIES.wiU foree them to grow weeks (upon tke smootheet taoe) without atamusual English practice, the rations for each cow beiog-rape-cakes,S poundsH poundsWfiMAoutm.3H pounds;pound... L M. BQfGKB 4C0, Ko. tSS Broiidway.'KiT.,B/ I. A. FoUAaa, ofThb beak haa been pitad by the Repsblieta FHb faCoagreiiaia "aetoC" to the aotorioaeand Halpar BhZbran. Indian meal, II;;that it it not written by Mrs. ANKA TOPKfl. "• Iiigh honor to be Invited to speak here In the teat of Uoveiument for nearly three-quarters of a century— To-night an extra lecture by Mr. QurmT on KIther at the residences of parties breaking np hoase- expression were not very stale, we might lay (0 oarn.t. ., Defl-nding theTbe DemocralicI Party have :liad possession of thehave put down—you have•VBof that Intellectual light—the Press—it was an had control of >he domestic and fo eign policy of the on Manures." There ls,no lack of Interest mani- near Broadway.foreign and domestic commerae here, ;where Isandcountry—you ha^e been omnipotent in States and inandanotherMr.or atof pride for any laan to be called toupon speak.and in — Congress you havefested in the proceedings. The lectures are as well attended and aa atteutivaiy Ustened to as at the first.AGRtCOLA.the you have put upyouto-morrow nightbyQdihot keeping,tlieir •paciooBsalesroams.No. tFioe-st.,o^eetBe proposed ao elaborate argiuneat, bat to glance attlM progreaa of Republicanism. He would begin Governuent—and the country is sick. Is it? Why,Gresu Fire la Faltoa and Aan-streeta.dlamondf. Baltimore Stm,the VnK'n, In tbe Senatehad the Executive and the Judical Departments of theFrom thewhich have already attained to a wide circulation In Ud» country. _prepared to make sales ofof Igneraaeeor j" Bees," "rJl^^l^r'''"^^It is* little Bine full of promiaedforeigner,*.Yesterday aflemoon, Mr. Wa. H. Baawia, Pro-yesterday the itjck of both ooacemsBee, more areweAmericanpeople—thefreepeo- profitable,withthesamecapital,thanmoatotherP. O. address. Box N"io.»S,,66rM.stitute,in thisCity,on Woman'tInfluence vt Politiet,for Slavery. The Dcmocrauc Party had now beencompelled to take iu ttind In favor of despotism andgainst the sentiments of our fathers, sustained by ple of tbe oatlou—to die ? The Union Is to be dissolved kinds of business. In 1856, he said that 800 hives, on Baurry'a Trlecphcrsisiuthebut Ishowingthatbee-keepingand biegan bywasin an area of ten square miles, collected "12,000 poundsSonythe Republican Party. The substance of the Com- —he intends to vindicate the Democraticpromise of 18i'i with slavery hadtwen, that whoeverahonld attempt to agitate tbe Slavery question sliouldbe eoDSidered a traitor. Yet in 1864 that Compromisebadbeanvtoiated. TheDemocraticParty wasthus Afterindicatingthevariousthreatswhichbadbeen atover3,000pounds,andthisw-ouldgiveaprofitovertlie originator of tbe aistorbance. In ISM, at Cincin- made by the South of dissolving the Union if this or all (.xpense of ten cents to each pound. These could Dr. Mwmh Continues co Apply his R«dlcal- dered. To meet the; Great God!inwhichlieadvocate!theRightofWomentoVote,wBibe printed, with theaathor'i revision, in the INDB-No.37Park-row.New-'TaMb D. APPLETON & CO.,REVOLCTiONSKNGLIBBmnOBT. BTPartyBEST AND CHKaPESr ARTICLE3WWill publish in a few day,of honey, and increased to 1,200ble that not a tithe of the honey was collected. Mr. (iL'iMsv estimated the average yield of 100 "stocks"Nob.and 34» Broadway. :another Is between the Ist* of October and the 1st ofwere successive",y turned out of the Governorship of Mr. Clai—Why, you seem to be really In earnest plicated, expensive and inconvenient. 'The movable 15. at the residence of the bride's-pareotg. by Rpv. J. P. voting, proved to be correct. At a meeting at tbeKanshS because they refused to carry out tbe Presi- about it.dent's IX Voice—plause.land. In the spirit of old, they had to take up anns. Thank God, there were found Kentucklaus as well asTukeea to fight. [Applause.] In spite of all dlffi-cnlUes, in numbers ai.d in the justice of the cause,tbeyhad trliunphed, and Kansas was to-day free. of my manhood—crushing out the aspirations of am-Toat's ^o,"* and ap- A VoicB—Kansas had been assailed from Missouri, for the next Presidency, please say Aye." [Univer-'*projrramine. "that it will be from protectednorth and northwestontion, by Rev. Henry E. Montgomery, Mr. John R. Dil- LibBK to Miss Dibobah B. FarBHAN. Also, at tbe same time and place, Mr. EnOAE Wiluabs to Miss AddibSuffrage, argued length. We have not room to follow hisAnd yet the President inis a God-claimed, Kansas is just as much a Slave istate as ration, which lifts us above the beasts— which eat,[Apvianse.] "despairez-bition,which in agood purposegiven inspi-Rev. James L.—injured bydespised and Ignored by the white are full of bees, and remove them as soon asMaass, Esq.,MonkCaroUna." [Laughter.] Wascmrtildge-box, [laughter,] upon tbe eve of the last kind and the union of these States. What now to ms htney may be soiled by the constint creep- Jarvis Geer.avtoclate Rector, Hsrcar T. MooBB to Jdltx around themIt a Slave State t [*'No, No,^ liy many voices.] Even after the masses had Tindicated their freedom by the ballot-box and thedrink, and are merry, and to-morrow diethe admission of women to thewould at once drive!keep cool —and dry; If kept too warm, worms willwork In It if ttK> damp, the honey in cells be- openand for a " show job" only nine or ten inches. Question—Will this do In stony soil ? Of course youTHE THIRD "FAMILIAR LETTER ON SUNDAi.' SCHOOLS,"BY REV. STEPHEN H. TYNG, D. D.Sl"a'e of Massachusetts :i have examined and analyzed the GraefenberKMar^shall's Uterine Catholicon. The ingredtents are very laluable in restoring health, and their peculiar cont- liir; tiju gives it a direct and favo.-able action the.thUIt conteloasteamed, tbe;-Flrglttia.and yet It is proba-For DRKSSfNO. BEAUTIFYING.ING, PRtSBBVlNS AND RESTORINO THE HAIR. Ladles, try it. For sale by all dragglgte and perfumers.bekeptonanareaoffoursquaremiles,andoneman careTrusswithsuccusb,laefl'ectiuKl>ermaaeatcaresgeneraldemand forthishamoraaa,BOBIBTVol. Lnati, tlw Bemociatic Party had reavowed their adhe-•loB to the Comoromlse, professing a desire to ails ktbetpeople of the Territories to determine tbeir iasti-tatlona aa they pleased, without being Interfered the slave, and was only dangerous because it advo- March. If it Is done In very warm the truises, supporters, shoulder-braces, suspensory banda- paperVaushab, D. D. BivoLunoNs or bags.book, admlitin? that he bad recommended It, declaring that It did not contain a single appeal tocould take tbe entire charge of them.The best time to remove bees from one locality to2Raptare, No. Yesey-st. .L.adles waited novel, and original address, anWitLlAU Brpnoi', in the 6Jith year of his acre.Thf relatives and friends of the tamliy a^e respect- cannot take a ^.tujie two feet in diameter oul of a fully invited to attend the funeral from the residence of his soa In-law, Hiram H. Cavannah. No. 166 East 21st.:SHOULD WOMEN YQTE » FROM BAR TO PULPIT. THE DISCNION PANIC. BES?ECT DUE A PASTOR, THE PREMIUM QUESTIONS.Slavery, theywouldgoagainstit." [Applause.]The andsoldIntheFall,fetchingabout$1225each,lieing goodimplementfordltclilng. Thef:lendsandacquaintancesarerequestedtoatf?ad MOREVIOl.ENClINKKNTICKY. question of the abiur dLcta of the Court had to be de- $1 advance on the purchase money, she having Judge Fbescu lecommeuuud deep ditching, though the foneral, this dRv, (Thursday.) nt 2 o'clock P. M,, FROM OUR ITALIAN CORRESPONDENT. cided bv the people in 1860, and he believed that the brought lilm duiing his possession of her a lamb and Mr. JoHNsroN, as he said, considered two and a half from the reaidence ot her father. No 324 4th av.people "would decide against the Court." It was a fleece besides. The bullocks fattened on the farm deep tnou^h. Deep ditching gives a greater reser- a KASLcLPii —In this City, on Wednesday moraincr, AMKRICAN CONGREGATIONAL UNION.Britain. It had been decided tliat a slave about »I1 25 Fifty-nine, a cross of the Fo7i.£B*s, in England, claims to possess some merit, The relatives and friend! of the family are respectfnily apiece. but it has been found to be too to be of invited to attend his funeral, from bis late residence. wanree who had been taken to a foreign counuy Cbevlot male on Leicester ewes, procured In expensive No. 37 Lisnenard St.. tbis -Thursday) arr>>rnoon, at IH from Louisiana and returned. [Applause.] The Su- the Autumn of IbiU, had brought him 108 much practical value. Psatt's Ditcher is Bald to o'c'ock. His remains will be taken to Greenwood furfrojLGreatpreme Couit had undertaken to review the legislation lambs he bad to sell in 1&59. These were sold before work well, though It will go only two feet deep, butof the world. [Laughter.] He had heard slavehold- the end of July, the purchaser taking any before if he the rest can be done by hand. TheInt* rment.Davis.—In tliig Oily, on We-lnesda.v. Feb. 15, T.ucrIrl-slt spade wl*hers sav that " when uieir interest was not In favor cf cbos^, at about $6 each. The ewes are fattened a bit four inches wide and heel two inches Ihiclt, is a W.. second daiigl.ter of Dr. K. H. and L'jcy W. Davis.that the Republicans demanded " No more are In charged boughtor the Sum- voir for water. A heavy rain of two or three Inches Feb 15, of dysentery. Malll, daughter of Anson D. F. May, grai'?d through 21 months.LETTERS FROM MAINE.April stall-fed in taeNev>- York.J06UITA F. Bbipge, M. D.. offers his professional ser-vices, at his rooms, in the Graefenberg lostttotlon, Bo^ 32 Park-row, New. York. Irregularities and Diaeate* of VfOnien, of e\-ery description. Consumption, cArowic and mali^nunt diseases (both local and coDstltatiODaLI are skilltnlly and successfully treated. Office boars* 9 tn 1, and 3 lo 4.;and soTdin Novem- would flcod a shallow drained soil, while it would Randolph, ageileariy.Autumn Notice of the funeral in the papers of Friday morning.Park-row,Slate States," but that was not in the platform of '56.Another charge was that the Republicans intended ber. Cows are generally bought just after the second only thorouglUy saturate a deep drained one. In Beits.—In Brooklyn. E. P., on Tuesday, Feb. u, after wben they got the power, to override State rights, calving, though a good cow Is bought at 3 or 4 years many sections two and one-half feet was not out of a brief illness. Tcomas E. Betts. eldest son of Thomas tic.mer,and crusn out equality in Slave States. Where was old and at any season. They are milked from three th** way. If the first shallow drainingtakss more tiles ; tliat found tn the platform? The Republicans were to four years, though only the longer period when where labor Is cheap and tiles dear the deeper drain-BettSj Eso.. In tbe 24th yean-of his age.The relatives and frien-is of the family, the memberspertinentRSLICIOLS INTELLIGENCS-Foreign and Domei-LITERARY RECORD.In favor of the rights of the North as well as the their seem to warrant it. good qualitiesing is thewhen Attkmptkd Suicide in a Chcrcii.-A corres- his funeral, from Christ Church. Bedford-av., (Rev, A SATURDAY EVEN IXO CHAT WHS THB LIT- CARRIAGE BANDS AND OTHER TBXH-They go dry South. [Applause.] The South was dependent upon from two to three months in the year, and by skill lacheaper^in general, are respectfolly invited to attendthe North, and the North upon the South, selectioncommercially, and there was no desire in the North fresh. Tbe breed preferred is a cross, half Short-hornbut to resist tbe attempt of the South to render the and hall a sorl Hlgliland,of the Illinois State Journal, writing fromed in the congregation, attempted to commit suicide by culling bis throat with a pocket knife. He first cut the principal artery in each arm, and then inflict- ed a horribleTLE REAIjEPS of the INDKrENDENT, WERE YOU THERE-;THE OLD HERB WOMAN,THE BURIAL OF MACADLAY,MINGS.4 Sand Boston, styles.to take the reins of Government into their own haads.And if the Republican Party was to have the controlof the $300,000,000 of the Government funds, was ItHer friends, and those other daughter, Mrs. Freder- icks, al&o of her son. Jolm Jordan, are respectfully in- vited to attend her funeral, on Thursday, Feb 16, at 10 o'clock A. M.. from comer Clintjn and Livingston sts.. Brooklyn. Her remains will bo taken to New-EochelleConcave, 2 styles. Philadelphia, 6 styles. Rim, 8 etyles. Reflector. 6 styles. Rose, 1 style.9Screw Cap. styles.3 Coach, styles.Express Wagons, Whip*,Whiffle-treea. Haaes. Trimming Naiia—Japt ^Silver. Ivory, Baaaelaia. SUver MouUing-BMk.UsLmore than the Democratic Party had had for ? " yearsby iiui English Correspondent.COXMEBCLAL ABTICLI CAPITALINBUSINESS.they average twenty quarts per day,Dr. Partridge.) on Thursday, Feb. 16, atl o'clock P. W. Pelob —In Brwiklyn. on Monday morning, Feb. 13.Hekept in good order, Mr. IIobsfau. maintaining that his success depends on tlus, and that at the end of a cow's sixth year, when her milking qualities begin toa little "gondent In theNeir umner. III., says:in thatNorth subject to them. The North simply Intended generally pays abo Jt $75 per bead. The cows are Sunday, a >uung man named WmiAai BAai.ow, seat- New-Rochelle. In the 86th year of her see.plentyvicinity.Light Church,lastMabt PiLoa, relict of the late Capt. George Pelor,of(Flange pattern). Concentric, 4 styles. Sockets (Or Shafts, Pole*.following:Bey. Stipbin H. Ttho, D. D., and WiluahAlux BcTLia,When first discovered he was seenthis morn- (16tb,) Je^se son or William K and Harriet Corn-Silver HeadFranking Privilege—List of the tees of the House, as amended.6J.matism, Scrofula, King'sno matter of how or from what source derived.10, Ba«>an-aL. Kew-Tera.For saleat BUSHTON'S, oor. A Votes—They can't drive you out. [Deafening to the meadows at the rate of a dozen loads to the bin Hair Dye. the best extant. BATCHELOR'S Wigs Broadway, Barclay and Canal-sta.from their homes for expressing their opinions.This celebratedcatarrhal affections, fcc.aUparUof theoonntry.cheers, renewed andplaase.1 'They can't drive me out, gentlemen, be- the grass is coarse or wiry, and .also to canae whatever may be the clamor afainst me, the spots comparatively bare. Three or four doses neat maaa of labornig men of Kentucky know that if are given during the Winter, but if there la an excesshave impruvementa over all. This Is the where these are properly understood andAtt FAMII.IB9.-HBGEMAN k a^CO.'SBenslne, which removes pabit apots, grease, tc, *c., and cleans gloves, silks, ribbons, ftc, equal to new, withoat the slightest injury to oohir or fabric.Bold by aU DruggisU. MoenU perbotUe.ANOTHER SENSATION! PERRY'S JAPANESEnrnsFOKCASH westefnthe road and the cleanings of the ditches, and appliedBond-st. Twelve private rooms for the application ofWILDER PATENT SALAMANDERsand sold, 260 have been tested In accidental fires. Weto tlie use of Mr. Eiamlnelt. or addresspurpose of defending their tl.hts—however much HoxsTAU disagrees with Dr. VoxLoKaa's theory pub- localever I make anInanflfwhrneverregardTOUPEE FACTORY tn» Oampany. Moont Carmet^SE?^ HAIB-DYBING ESTAB- TO _... „„,..,. »iheymayba ojppreaasedin their business conaecUons lished In the Boyal Agricultural Society's Journal, ducements to the trade andby thU powm that DpoOsSsSerara all the"patTonage"and that " soils containing a fair proportion of clay, espe-power—the slavelioldtng Intetest—when it cMnes to cially stiff day ioUa," are not benefited by Its appli-an Issue whether their sitndard-bearer xUaii be cation. The ezpqrlenee of Mr. H. Is to the contrary. balls and nartiM India-robber atriekendown,tbay will (taad by me aa you standbyDr. T, alao advocatesdllutiog Uqukl muaiei Mr. ;•aovand-r^Tat i.».boots and shoes, for HILLUl k OO.'s. an Caaalft.eatc«>e« for Ladie,to a shower. ThereandToupeessuitable, and for the^"•^^^k'""" ^^^y <=»»'' drive me out [Ap- also applied to the spots of pasture where tiful, flrst-clias, rapid and noiseless, double-threadThey mowing940 SEWING MACHINE. 940 Agents wanted. Office No. 469 Broadway.cared for, is estimated on this farm at $25 in existence. (Howe's patent.)STODART PIANO.PiisosAi—Items concerning noted persons. Articlas oa Current»"'.'5£*^i^Miscellaneous news. Commercialstatements of its properties ""J" *andCopies may be procured at the counter, in wrap-No. W6Batchelor'a Bair Dyci WIm and Toupeea.—BUSHTO>'S FASTULXBSa Oa TROCHES.For all diseases of the throat-bronchilis, hoansaesa,regularity Jo the MerMta,..Commit-loteillgence. and Deaths.Sxtra Class, No. 77, Feb. 15, 18S0.«, 38, 7J, 71, 28, 69, 60, 7, 59, 19, 24, 62, 76,Evil, with every disease flow- address, on reeelpt of an order. «•» Tm-k.establishment to No. 16 is removedfi^S^ 4? whfchl^fff. *'.'tagd gratitude in^_^^.^^_The Parker Sewing IHaehine Co.> Respectful-invite purchasers to call and examine the certificates some of the most respectab' e firms In the countr y.A large assortment for sale at the dipAt,NO. 40 MUBRAY-BT., NEW-YORR-offrom tenfor net cea.sh only7. An axamlnatlon is requMttd.^ j^ ORVIB' Oaah Dr3g,Ho"fjNos. 139 Maiden-lane.'^l* WaUr-«t., i.sFl'i^,^'"" j!ew-YoT^CAB ANDly call tbe attention of the public to their new and beau-'Spring Beda.-*3 to 86 best Spring4^Sn ^tofseve ^«> ." "—Kanaftetor- i*vuIV>EnSe*daPA^I^UI'e^js-^'^K. «• »» "-—*- Wo'olock.by "•_i^B5tn_intV.Kt^»wr«Ufiyi." In marble, by___^__at CO.WATER-PBOOF A splendid gloss—no rubbing—POI<I8e. dries in threeover theCHtIriLmDmiRngE,,N'S and >Uver hub-bandJ.iVERSON for theKnown all manufactured.world aa the best instrument ^^„^^, y^. 501 Broadway.H??S^He.SBBSATIOlfr1Thetamllyiewlnf machine, A. !!."!......'.'Ko. iMFulton-st., Brooklya. Inpartaac to Tallon B.nd Othera.An KVBNING PAPU"* "»'^ that Mrs. SOUTH-RobertBonner,oftheiVcw-Yort wasof Hernia or atupon by a female in private rooms. Truasei of every description for permanent retention of rupture, bathingwill bebe sent as soon as possible.comb frame is perhaps an exception to this, as it has Newmsn. David U. FowLxa to Ulas AoGlx v., daughter Coper institute, week before last, he took strong of Wm. Fleslln, all of this City.HINTS ON NURSUrQ, BTHiu MlOBiuaALI.DOCTOR OL<>BAIIAT GREYbTONES, ArmHTS TAlK THFRI.THB NEW-TOBKSUNOf FRIDAY, Feb. It.Will containAN EXCELLENT ENGRAVING(Nearly 60 square inches in liiel Of theweather, geti, silk elastic stockings, knee-caps, anklets,* and all combs are soft and easily become c/ushed. 'They may surgical appliances sclenciflcally applied, by KABSH kwith by CoDgiess. Tula was urged with great force cated the rights of nonslaveholding whites of thein the Prealdientlal canvass of iBSSasa conservaUve South. He meant to indorse all the good that was inplatfOTB, and thus the &ee Northern States were the book, and thought the Republicans bad been toocarried for tbe Demociacy. But what was the result easily Itlgbtt'ned outof sustaining It. Why, said he,ofrlcloryJ The whole patronage of the Govern- you aie too much accustomed to helog whipped. falling. Thirty pounds of honey is stiiEcient to win-ment had been turred against Freedom and In favor " put me at the head of the United States and I will ter a large swaim. Unless you understand masagingof Slavery. The ablest men of the Democratic Party whip them." [Applause and laughter] bees, avoid patent hives, as they are generally com- Fowixa—PLBSLDf.—In this City, on Wednesday, Feb. come out in favor of granting to women the right ofbe carried on or on a with isleliibs, carriagesprings. CO., No. Vesey-st., Astor House, New-York. the combbead what theMa. Beicuebos Fimalb ScrraAOE.-The announce-The hive should be inverted topreventEVASGILIST SATS OF IT.ment, made a few days since, that Mr. Beecher wouldAllInfavorofMr.Cl&tlieingthenominee voiuaMepoints. Theapiaryshouldbesosituated I>1L1.XBBB—>RKIMATr, "WlLLIAMS—FBEEMAN.—In thJS gronndinfavorofFemale and the"winds. Bee-houses are not as good asindependentquestionAye," amounting to a general shout.] :sal cries ofMr. C&.AT concluded as followsMen of New-York, I have stood here and by this(t^ds. Honey for family use had better be made lauopianed boxes, communicating with tbe hive byvery plausiblecause through all the daysofail the daysail ofboxes instead of wooden ones. These should McMass—MAA3S.—In this City, on Wednesday, Feb. not go through half the mud to drop a vote in the ballot-myyouth—;,eight inch-holes to the square footFBBBMAn, daughters of Loraine i reeman. Esqbut if it is for market, it is policy to use glassintrndedbe encased in board boxes to exclude the 8, by Shock. Tbouas Ri:<villb HcUakrliirht. to K ATB.City,Taesday,Feb. at the -Church of the Incarna- 14,attrain of thought, bat be certainly made aargumeni. He held tliat, so far from being indelicate for a weman to vote, it was about the neatest and clean-thisCity.est operat ion one could i>erform!theThe frosts which never melt leg of bees over It. After It has been removed E. O. Stewxat. daughter of Wm. James Stewart, Esq., voting, and cleanse It from foul associationsSheltered under the same old flag of our fatbers of '7&—the Constitutionpoor honey or sugar and water could be fransformed into"his own glorious and Immortal sentiment" for the which and with the which, in filial piety I walk back-by remarking, that "though the acquisition of the much vaunted Italian bee might prove to be valua- ble, yet we should not neglect Uiose wlUch nature hasJoboBon. Maboabet JcBTlsON to CuaisTopnsa JooST- Pbak—BAfiUPOKD.—At Yonkera, on Wednesday, Feb. 8. at the residence of the bride's mother, by Rev. A. B. Carter, D.D.. Mr. Wm. DxAsr, of Tarrytown, to MissNo. 6 Beekman-st., New-York. RET. 8T£PHEN U. TTNG^ D. D.,by tlM Vice-President of the United States againsttbe Kefublican Party 1 They were ten in number.Tbe first was that the Republicans were about tointroduce negro equality In these United States; ward and cover up his late political nakedness, placed within our teach." bat be denied that there was any such plank " Liberty and Union, now and forever, one and insep-Slavery with or without the Union," but bearingON MOKTAGUE AND RSBSKITKbiu P. Basbfobd, of Yonkers.In (heir platform. It had never been in- arable !" (Great applause.l DISCUSSION ON DRAINAGE.tndoced by the Republicans. This great Ored At the conclusion of the speech the meeting sepa- At tbe debate this momiug, Asbbil F[iu.tt, Esq., Hov9T0!».—In this City, on Tuesday, Feb. Babah Scott deeiiion had not come from them, he rated, not, however, until crowds had congregated of Vermont in the chair. Judge FaiscB was called to 14,to make and keep a plan of his drainrin order tliat he vited to attend her toneral. on Timrsday, Feb. 16, atl might know just where to find them In case he wanted o'clock P. M., from tbe reflidence of Charles J. Day, No. to get at them. It Is true, he said, that a farmer who 156 West I8tt-st., without further inviution.put In his own drains would have a general know- Blodoitt —The relatives and friends of tbe late HissContributes tbe third article of his series efSTS^ Ferry, Brooklyn.dsys-cracy. Tbe pcdnt was simply whether Daxo Scon, his addran, which occupied In its delivery about two cerning the repairs of drains, he advised every farmer her brother,-, C. J. and F.W.Day, are respectfully in-judged. [Langhter.lIt seemed to plea.<:e the Demo- about thespeakerandwarmlycongratulated him on the stand to be questioned. In answer to queries con-THE ARCHITECT, CHARLS8 DUafiOf. TO -BORROW—FRIDAT.IN THE NEW-YORK SUIT. ONE CMfT PEE COPT.HEALTH OF AMERICAN WOKKN.' 8».the plainiff, was a citizen of the United Statesthe Covit dedal ed that l>eing a descendant of a slave, be wa» sot a dtlien of the United States. As law- al>idtsg citlians. Republicans were willing to let thecomes fermented. Some have that thoughtcipalpolitics,"all of Ihis.City.ofcnd; and when you get a representative popuia- of '691—each stripe with the ages paling into a a superior article, but this is not true. The best Bbookb—Baooxs.—In Brooklyn, at St. John's Church, copies six cents. ^tioB you may "—What • Come in ? No.—" We will brighter galaxy of stars I In the language of Dahibl honey Is collected from flowers growing in northern on Tuesday, Feb. 14, by Rev. Thos, T. Guion. Mr. Cuas. talk about IL" [Laughter.] They were talking about Wbbbtxb—Inscribed with no such miserable inter- latitudes. F. Bbooxs to Mabt EC, daughter ot William Brooks, It yet. [Latightcr.] There was the downfall of the rogatory, " What Is all this worth ?" nor those other After much interesting and valuable Information Esq.. of Brooklyn.Denxtcratic Party, and the triumph of the princ;iples words of delusion and follv. "Slavery and Union," on the insects which prey upon the honey, and the JoosT—Jlbtison.-In Brooklyn, on Tuesday, Feb. 14, of*7a. CAptilause.] What wcrethe allegatloos made nor vet, " Slavery first and Union afterward," far less dleeases to which bees are liable, .Mr. Quihbt closed at St. Mary's Church, by the naator. Rev. D. V. M.JOSEPH H. RICHARDS, Publisher of the Indepenient,NSW PLYBOCTHWhich Is about t« be buillThese interesting, popular, and practical letters, eoo- taicing the results of the experteooe of the most snc- dedaloc stand until it could be reverted. The ques- I/Uther Tucker on Engllah Farma—Prof. ledge of their situation, and the bursting out of the CoasxLiA T. Blodoxtt, are respeotfally invited to attend oesfful oonductor of Sunday-Schools in this country,Brewer— IntcreallDgYals CoiLioi, Tuesday, Feb. 14, ISCO. Mr. Tt^cxaa gave his second lecture this afternoon, it being a descripllon of some of the best specin-ens ofQolnby Dlacnaalona.square, on Thursday, Feb. 16, at3>4 o'clock P. M., with- ought to be in the hands of every Simday-School Super- the precise spot, but by means of an accurate plan he ont further Invitation.could at once strike the exact spot he wanted. Hioonis.—In thisCity, on Tnes-Iay evening, Feb. It, intendent, teacher and scholar, and every minister inSystem Is essential to perfect work of any kind. If AsDaEW Fobtfb, Jr., only bob of A. Foster and Sarah the Prottstant Church.a red man, bom in these United States, was a citizen.[Apidause.] The broad panoply of protection was English fanning. The chief interest of the lecture, In but generally are not necessary, inasmuch as WesHlst st.,on Thursday, Feb. 1«, at 3)4 o'clock P. II. ext^sded to the lowest, as well as the highest. Yet however, centered on ills sketch of the dairy farm of drainage-water is usually clear. Jexeiss —In this City, on Wednesday. Feb. 15, at No.No. 6 Beekman-st , Kew-Yerk. 32THE Many a woman who looks so well that she dare396 Delaneej'-st.. EuzabxtIi, wife of Mr. Richard Jen- no opposition to the Court was embodied in tiie Ke- Thomas HoasFAU,, Esq., of Burley Hall, Yorkshire. Mr. WBLD, of the Homegtead^ asked if a clav was in bcr e3dINDEPKNOENT, complain of ill health lest she be ridiculed InetnBfl nfisPUBLISHED THIS MORNING, CONTAINS rectlving sympathy, seriously afllicted with localsprings intervene between your regular lines, don't H. Biggins, aged 7 months and Sdays.vary jour lines, but put in a short drain to the spring The friends of the family are respectfolly Invited to from the nearest line. Slit basins are sometimes put attend the funeral, at the house of his parents. No. 85JOSEPH H. RICHARDS, Publisher,MARRIED.llooRX—STEWAaT.-in this City, on Taesday. Feb. 14, at the Church of the Holy Apostles, by Rev. Georgepolls brutalityDIED.E. HocsTOS, aged 31 years. 1 month and 17Ihe relatives and friends of tbe family, and those of*THE INDEPENDENT. PUBLISHED THIS MORNING.kinF, year.The frienda of the family are respectfully Invited touterine derangement which renders her life raiaerable.Moat women in this country between the aaeaHENRY WARD BEECHER'S 8PZECB OS WOMAN'S RIGHTS,not have made their intention palpable ? Their 2H acres for wheat, 1 kohl rab!, 3H blackboard the method of opening the ground for the Ibe relatives and f.-iends of the family are invited A CONTRASr-DEMONOLCGT OF THE NINE- they can be cured. The medicine offered is notaqoaekpublican platform. Now as to the portion of the decl- Blon having reference to Slavery in the Territcries. It took the ground that Congress had no power toThis farm Includes not quite sixty acres, forty-three of which are ingress. The stock during the past^ror?e to drain than a very hard' hard-pan."' "i'tjs, but a clBy Is not so difficult as some suppose; it is by no mehob impervious to water. Mr. W. then stated trnt farmers in the neighborhood of Hartford were drain-attciKl hertwneral, wrncii will at 1 o'eloek on takoytace50 suffer, to a or leas greatercommonly known aa Bteriue ness, kc, Ac.aft degree, with syHlFriday afternoon, at Willet St. M. E. Church, between Broome and flrand sts.female weak-agencies.Balla and Fartlea to. Siaow and Raln^Ladlaa' HITdInNncTctUi'onSn in medicoal aceilenooe. obaUeeaogne^s the worM.teB—ATCHELOR'S « iL-IiSoHnmKBE.M"T* r"e»moved to No.white satin, kid and linen gaiter boou and slippers, 'orproduee a be tar and surer remedy far all eztemal dif; easea. Bond tbr a clreular, or bur a bottle, and re** vbatithaidaaa. Priaai S*. and Ma. UIIUUM-laM. *Thomas M. Tryniski 309 South 4th Street Fulton New York 13069B»d-it. PllTU*-Kcdiaiige, "\ti$ l^iobud*.Boj andUntitled DocumentNsw-roax. Jan. 30, 18M.An exceedingly Intereettag volmmo.' aad onaffected atyk.Ffm lit MloUU Rtgitter. Theyarc,beyonddoabt,themoatlife-liked^Mitcbili,"»«evening eotemporary, " Hind your om bnilneti ;" ba(insUtntlon of fflavery moby firewas totally detcroyed. O^ir books, papers, and some him, read TBE LOST DEEDS, and then teU as, it yon of the negro ever drawn with the pen.;Jlooax.—In this City, on Wednesday afternoon, Feb. recently delivered at the Cooper Institute in this City.Very many htve tried the skill of their family plij^clan and others withoat avail : bat we assure them uiathe chapel in the Ccmetc-rv.BipL'OP.— In tliis City, on ''l uesday. Feb. 14. suddenly,services atiFKNDENT of this week, published on Thursday.Kern-ing. largecopiesalreadybeeoar.•'and that a lady need all box as to drop a letter in the Post-office. He held tha)awayrowdyism ;which nowcrowd'•FAMILIAR LETTERSON SUNDAY-SCHOOLB TO"Near Wall-st.Prepared under the Baperrisien ofAddressCHURCH.upon s.., to-morrow (Friday) m'.'rticg, at 10 o'clock, witho'at FROM OUK WiSBIXGTON CORRESPONDENT. utei ine organs. It is pttrcly i-getable and harmuea,in such c;,sc5no harm In cun'inga Uttia. CoLiiNS.—In this City, on Tuesday, Feb. It, RoBin E->ITOBIALS;youinu?tof Victory Engine Company No. 13, and the Fire DeGENERAL NEWS—Foreign and Domestic. FAMP.T RsaDI.SO:CoanwBLL—TnBrooklyn, ingof scarletfever,LoopBltta.The undersignedGAN ^ ALLSN, #. 0. witls * oa, PARK, and aU dealers.the Governor ef the State of Delaware to superintend the drawing of the Delaware State Lottery, do certify thatloog familiar, furnish aa attractionby no other journal.It is Ijeiieved offered«*<i« of Dr.STIPBKN SWEBCaCmineettoBttha:Brass DoorTTliniis pllJnuM.Chl'dren'B Cab, 1 styles. styles.THANK OUR FRIENDS IN EVERY Dash Collars, Centres, Branch Iron (MIta.and Rails, Pole Yokes and Ciabs.The above goods, together with a larca a!«attaeat sf Harnesa Trimmings, are made and sold by the Ire, • Bishop, aged 8 months, of scarlet fever and hooping the circulation of The Independent. At tha preient Pardee Manufacturing Company, Mount (Moael, Com.increase we shal soonOur subscribers will not fail to appreciate the newAND SHOE POLISHFeb. 15, at tbe residence of his parents, A. Rkusbk writers whose names have lately appeared In our FAR SURPASSES BLACKING IN EVERT PAB-enlarged;andthat it would purify the bnalness ofand nationalTerms.—By mail, $2 a year By carrier,RICHARDS,!Jersey 6 atyles. Top Prop Nats aURlTata, IS Uail,PabUsher, No. 5 Beekman-st., New-Yerk.BY NSWS-AGENT8.;My ONGUENTHyatt's Life Balsam—the certan conqueror el Rheu- to the skin. Prieo f1—sent by maU, post tree,blood,The Life Bsl-sm Is equally efficacious in the most Tio-from standing,impuritylongErysipelas,Meicurial Diieasis. The certificates accompanying each every individual who has «'.«" J' SJae: the m«3i-bottle will conclusively show that there Is no medicine advertisemenuof '^^.ttoulant on UM in lU virtues. I', ."^^ / TMnimunicatln« in thiaBAFBI. Seventeen and a half years in use. Of Twelve Thon-ONIjTt-SOUTBKRK AWB buyers wiU find mv itoidi of aU goads la ihe Wholesale Drug line extenatre and eomplete. rneef to twenty per cent below ttma hoate* SaleaBOOK WtMnnT HAifoiiD ssircsis-characterised by one of the members af Ikaten the floor r"miSt of the Houae ef Bepresentatlres as tmPreiadlc«l Front tkt New-TtrkNemfrom THEMOSTVALUABLEDISCOVERYOFIBS1.QM.HOTShTisEpTreTpEarRat'ioSn hu acquirednot advertisein.nM, b^Sharoef.b'e;e'n?°u'e,^p2rrjVid byItst'oaite •a'1^ta "^"^ ut> www.fultonhistory.comMi 