 UEIUL OKTHE TWNJU. MI^mherdytoat the fsctorinff, and that of transport. Oor workmenskilful as foreign workmen What constitutes oarotityisthehighpriceoftherawmaterieland _Tl»e PfmiU txwm nWoy • — —^ d«y,Mare**.»,»_tto««BioftneBpiyB**-.,*„ ty, to tne name of theHoty ae*.3 Re-establishmentoftheGrandDuchyofTuscanyin its political and territorial independenoo (autmonw )The government ef the Emperor, M le Comte, tn transport. Weil, then, tbeie are precisely toe twoThe ptopotiuooa concerting the settlement of the Italian qveatton. to which the Emjwror of the French alluded ta ha speech from the throne. left Paris, in the snap • of two despatches of 11 . de Thcunuels to tho French arnbassathe pith or it into an article, which will be found below,when behold three columns of Saturday's M>r.it°ur o'.cupied by M. Thouvenei with two elaborata despatches,placiug Ohablats and Faucigny out of tne line or customs, of the Ho'y See and of the kingdom of the Tw> Sicilies It is therein be expounds to the English and Sardinian jOoarts jieace. These conditions, w e hear, were 200,000.000 of already appeared on this subject The passes across tha thus oermilting the Savoyard farmors to coutinue their impossible to deceive pub\)c opinion in Italy or eWewhere, the plan o( Italian policy which the Emperor of the French reals (£2,000,000 sterling), with the guarantee of tbe pro Rocky Mountains, prevtously explored, were re examined,n.oDth We ^ e aromplete translation of these highly mporUnt stale papeia, *li:<se Influence on to* destiniessome b&.ooo inhabitants, aud consists ot some 20,000 only De reopened more embittered than ever. moment, is a great move made whi ih op^ns toe whole and perpetual dominion of tbe whole of Uie conquered E-ontbern or Kutanie Pass. After somewhat minutely acre*. Its etiief town is Tbooon, which overlooks The government of the Emperor, without overlooking game, and whxh, if it does not discover all the camb'na coacuy, Tctuan included; liberty for the Spaniards to describing the dietrtctB traversed, wtth an account o' the the lake of Geneva, and Kvian, the secoal the difficulties which would remain to be overcome to tiOLB which depsnd upon it, is of itself sulli',;eutly start- practice their religious rites and ceremonies in Uie general leatures of the country, toe character of•aid. «I1a*ow Thefateofarmsobligeemetocede French, and in negotiat- Talk oh yon w l l of m i uf l » •oyWIt— anolstor jfcrirr for revotetioa-w y r l f M - * * ! , - knaperor of Anotrta,cannotlisteni* anythingoftheIfei" Thevartons pmr*?'"'*"Asforme,of Chabia's cannot carry ttietr proxiucUons to their best Dbarket—Geneva—and Geneva might lie starved out. Tne government journals propose to end the difficulty bywith it an arricre jiiv?,- of a war against Austria for tke conquest of Vetietia, and an arr>err pe-see., if cot of rsfe- lutiorf, at least of menace for the tranquility of the Stateslloori&h Minister of Foreign Affairs, Mohammed el-Ko-tif, conferred with O'Donneil on Urn 23d, but tailed to per- suade the Spaueh General to lower his conditions ofUie Brttfeh North American expedition from Pert Edmen- ten on toe east to Fort Ooivttlo oa the nest side ol toe Rocky Mountains, sad to a continuation of what hasNEW YORK*HERALD,MONDAY,— — •K A B e ^ l 9 t18(H».-/rggLBSHEET.•HH.ui»«.--,— ofaw0*"*;J*P^LJdiiVnstates presentdayallmindsin—_proponednegotiationsluringtoe.dtocumed«<J«*Tj InthisarrangerenttheassimilationconfinedtoLom someclaimtogivesomeadvicetoSardinia,and sagewhichIamhappytosubmittoyon.Borehis:to in pert, the Emperor presiding, when he did y W V ^ bardy and to tne Duchies of Parma and Modena would no its honesty commands it to precise in some , e longer b e a work to which Sardinia would be bound to degree the amount of support whioh it would he possible •tern reluctance, Prince Napoleon informed his W * * devote all her efforts exclusively; the Turin Cabinet for it to give under this or that combination. Illusions inTHE ITALIAN DgFICPLTY.Important Despatches from the o'clock, ana that b e must, therefore, • * • - J * In establishing tranquility in Italy, while organizing m ft promlstng for France; to dissipate them, therefore, is notOarecrkmltnresaesibe Improved, and our laduttrrfreed from <h* taterost impedimenta eh** keepHta eeee4*Jenefof pnraolng them it has succeeded tn ImpedingiIs the most important reform to obtaifn- "T"h*—ere Is no true pros- Bpetrtity butwtnthentire civiltUtbertv,a—ndifourcountry. has neverknown,newtoo-ne " |BW.h-tot... becauseithadnetbeguntoenjoythebenedinoftinfirst'LetosexpressourdesirealsothattheIrritationrecently excitedhitheinteriorwillcalmdown,andceasetodis- turb the mmds of oar popntotton. The oonsotonttons search of a purely political solution, ought it to excite com* plainU so bitterf The members of the clergy, whoa an exef the Medtterraneaa will be L . byRearAdmiralChsstokoff,whowillhoisthoilactatboard the Goneral Admiral, a steam frtgaie ot tot Irst class. This squadron will leave Cronsudt la the spring.RoyalGeosrraphtea.1 Society. IsFWIB^BBWMs^ftA^s^MSss^^HsHsmsT• flBonaTvB X-JAcrowdeasseetmgefthaisoetotywashelden evening. TheEarldeGreyandRipon,President,inshe chair.The papers rand were:—1. " On South Africa," byo. J. Andotnaav Tho author sates his firstIB.¥*"**l?**t«^ •hsnnresthatsawriver be descended for snrtr miles, Is of considerable v uor 8t0 yards broad, apparently of great depth, anFrenchGovernmentPrince Napoleon, "with lively regret, aire, «*•££•£ THEVOTE8INCENTRALITALY nosttstheanswertobetothenegative—theKmneror Mapeteon would see himself compiled to reoommeace the WaTaatbeeoaetastoaef the armisttoe-a war whtoh oa either aide must nave terrible consequence, and light up THE SAVOY QUESTION. iulymagtneral c«nflagTatton.,, 'ItIswed,"saidthethatl*lMdreceNedora*r8toTetnrntoYak«to of** wouldpreserveitsliherttofactionandmightexerciseIt soseriousamatterwouldhedangerousforItalynodoom-compact kingdom the territories added to the hereditary qmrter P«* «*«. " * * * J ^ L T S nosessntons of KingVictorEmanuel. Thevicarial would noon athi.Majesty*osrriceinorderthathe beInharmonywKhtbemunicipalspirit,whichIsasecularan intention to fssysfeihr liberty ef Itaiy-it is simply to uphold that of France, and free her action preliminarily lft atticipahon of eventualities tn which her interests wouldimperiouslycommandhertokeepawayfromcamgrift*take"baskhisgeneralassent "ftwonntbe,''snW traditionintheRomsgnas,aswiththenaturaliniluenoe plicationsfromwhichshewould hawsvainlyendeavoredof Savoy.This the envoy declared be bad not tne power to do, and order ot things, and of not taking present necessities Into NAPOLEON'S ITALIAN PROGRAMME, toe Emperor only overcame his reluctance as the wheels axoont, shall exert themselves to make the Pope under-NAPOLEON BNUB8 ENGLAND. [From the London Times, March 6.]Although the imperial government of France is not tok-rant of public debates, and although Ministers of State are not there subjected to nightly questionings, the Em- peror does not think it necessary to forego tha advantagek9 4l4forgetful of his character, borrows mere worldly arms, attack of fever under which ho was then labormz. an*nod intrudes on civil and political intorerts, suddenly toe which had prostrated tbe whole of U s party, and had Galilean (susceptibility is roused, and the religious spirit proved fatal in some instances. He also dwell* upon toeTHE SNUBBING OF ENGLAND.Speech of M. de Horny to the French Legislative Corps,of Prince Napoleon's carriage were heard In the court be- lowIt is no secret that Prince Napoleon has since said that the Emperor of Austria has loftgotten the spirit he dts-stand that such an arrangement, frankly accepted, would shtell all the esseotisl rights of the Holy See.What 1have said, M. le Baron, or the nee ssity of anti- cipating the dangers to which Sardinia might be exposedloses all that the spirit o f civil and politioal independence gains, and which forms the fund of public opinion in the country. Let us unite our efforts, gentlemen, to restore calm to the pr.biic mind, and to give to industry the confi-great difficulties encountered In acoosapltobinc s i s Jswsaoy, citing, m proof of this, toe tact of his party bartogtosw* Its way tor a distance of 800 miles toreugn a dense •scant and jungle.•bu.,ftcMfasThe Swiss are alarmed about the provinces of Cbablais assuredly emanate except from an aspiration, the with as little intermission. Tne Emperor acv\aH.- em andFaucigtiy,which,thoughappertainingtoSavoy,were, dangerofwhichitisimpossible forthegovern- bwrassesusbyhisgenerositytothedistributionofthese by the treaty of Vienna, declared to be neutral ground. ment of the Emperor to disown, and which it is State pantrs. The contributions to history comeT b e W a r I n Morocco, [From a Madrid Letter, Feb.26.]The steamship Teotonta, Captain Taabe, arrival terdey morning from Hamburg and Southampton salted front the latter port on Mood*?, the 5th metyea- If Savoy comes to be annexed to France, the Swiss fanor far from believing that it is shared by the mass of fluttering forth' to such numbers that it is scarcelyYou will have known by this of toe rupture of the peace negotiations, and that the Spanish army is pre- pai mg to move, against Tangier according to some, againstShethat it will be difficult for them to exact the conditions of neutrality from a great empire; they therefore are anxious that there provinces shoqld be annexed atonca to 3witxor-the populate. That aspiration, there must be no delusion, whatever may be at the Dresent moment, I deobt not the correct intentions of the Sardinian gavern-submitting a plan for the aeeonpitsfcmes*of bis schism. 8. Oa toe "Becky Mountain* and Vaaoonrer island,'' by Captain J. Psliiser, F. R G. S., communicated by Use•tin less to dictate a i__ anyneedtodeto, of exwrrai peace conn may be ottered for the _- a a l B s e n i "n o - . t . h - «i n —g • b —u t • , to — -order andwhichw e a k n e s s e s * t h e s e w h o l a s b e h i n d . T h e s e , I o ethr true principles Nevertheless,tblsUwory fin- . - —... u . _ t h a print ot every mannaotsv its in positive calculation.led article » always eon.,rnents—thepriceofthe raw material,tChe,co~at.o„fmanawhichthePowermustexercisethatbssbecamemistress toguardaIriendly nation. Thegovernmentof theEmofthegreaterportionofthevalkjy(txurfit)ofthePo. This manner of settlement would, moreover, have the advantage of guaranteeing to Sardinia the position which Is necessary to her In a political point of view, of satisfy-peror thinks It,therefore,necessary to explain ttself frankly with the Turin Cabinet, to call its most serious at- tention to the ooosequeeoes of the Une of conduct, which,logtheLegationsInanalminisuatiropointofview,anl, however,Itisitsownmastertoadopt,andtoleaveitinrmneror, rising from his seat; "you shall have m y re to a catholic point of view, it would constitute a tempera some measure a choice between two systems. It is with ocssive seal has drawn on ,have forgotten the oer rices ren-ply." Athadpastsevan,the PrincesawtheEmperor m«ntwhichwehopewouldfinallysatisfyallscruplesand thisobjectthaIaddresstoM.leBarondeTalleyrandthe deredtore!gionbytheEmperor,andalso,perhaps,tke enter bis apartment. "I bring you mv reply," sal* his consciences. Such a result could not be indifferent to despatch of which I annex a copy, and which I authorixe ltEEo&s of the past. When the people had before themiostria not Opposing tht \one\ation Majesty, "but I cannot modify m y flret propositions; France, as she could not in principle admit a radical die you to read to Lord John Russell at the same time as this but the humble and charitabe pastor who translated for tbem the sublime morals of tho Gospel, this gentle civili-S l ! ^ L S 2 9 ' * t , , Z , * f «^»^rsvnt1snotkekeartef the ensstosns. In U s second letter, dated latitude if a .the name of dm services which It has rendered, on weUon in the name of the interests which are not exclusively personal to it, thinks ft hascles which the Emperor meant to remote, while n ttristheJestmeanwre efpmtoewsepitootpten. Ifind alsotn the Emperor's letter to Ids Minister of States pas'ofthefleetSUMoutfortoeperpaes "on of the officers and ere ws, and duringtkesummarandpart«fJaad, the Bank and even toeyou do not sufficiently appreciate the sacrtnoe I make in mtmberment of the States of th i Holy Father without one. sation of the heart, preaching love for your neighbor, theCeding Iombardy." Frsnois Joseph bad soma soropte in compensation; nor can It be indifferent to Sardinia. We Accept. M. le Comte, the assurance of my high consider pardon of injuries, the disregard of worldly advantages— puttuighissignaturetothedosumootwhichcontainedhisshallneglectnothingthattheotherPowers,enlightened then,Indeed,hisfaithgatsfortified.Butwhenthepriest,i!?*a^f&*fl>"SEi*'*»*•*•*obft axsent until the envoy of Napoleon bad attached his. upon the impossibility of restoring completely the ancienti played at Verona, and on every occasion his Highness has if she looked to further aggrandizements, is more particn ef frequent communications with the European public dence It needs for its developement Let us aid the Em- 1 on the "Congo,'* by Captain M. B Bediagfaid, beenforwardtoexhibitbiscoolness totheAustrianEm- larlyapplicabletoTuscany. Theideaof the annexation WhatourHouseofCommons is to England the French perorInhisliberalmeasures;letas second hisprojects', R. N., F. R. <i. S. tne author advocates further bassy. At his fUte, the other day, given at his Pompelan of the Grand Duchy, that Is to say, the absorption in ano- Foreign Office is to France. In the first th? policy of the tot us veto with eagerness the laws relating to ail those exploration of Una river, which he . ban latmsssT villa, be was inflixibto on.the point of not inviting the ther State of a land gifted with so beautiful and so noble a government is extracted under popular preesure, fromPrinc* ss Metteroteh. . _ . . , , history, and so attached, hitherto, to its traditions, cannot the second the imperial addresses issue spontaneously and reconomical questions, and let n« resolutory enter with him on a new era of peace, progress and liberty.many fachues for o^eomg up a trade with Centra! Africa, it has no bar, and at Its month thereto 1M latboms depth ol water, and ills navigable for seagesag tbipalOOmites.Palmoil,copperere,ivory,gemsee beeswax, to addition to a variety of other oonunedidBs, abound in great profusion. Tbe author concludes bypossible to gather thorn and fold them and uooketthem and register tbem, and put each a*ay in itsproper pigeonhole. W e had only just mastered the cor-land. Unbes this n the case, they urge ttiatthi farmers ment, reveals on the part of those whom it curries along respondence upon the subject of Savoy, and transferred Fez according to others. Muley-Abbas, attended by the Puke of Newcastle. This paper describes toe progress ofdora tn leodou and Turin exclusively, on the V4th of last trade as heretofore. Cbablau has a population of and the qui tti >rss which it is our object to settle would ha* at length rcsoivea lo adopt. Here, at an uiexpected ceeds of the Customs of a maritime town; the possession Dr. Hector Uking Uie nodarn, and Captain Paluser toeef Furore will, a* ail evei*U», b« very great, though, it town, m on the banks of the lake. Its admirable secure the triumph of the stlution to which if the ling to make us settle ourselves in our chairs and eoo- country, and to have ambassadors at the Imperial Court tbe soil, and its capability for production, Captain would be idle to attempt to form an idea on the probable pnetuoc, niioeral waters and charming envir >us mike it a Turin Cabinet would asaent, it would devote its most centiate our attention upon the hoard. It is "chec.*" of Morocco. l'al.iser observes tbat "it gives him grOat pleasure to taaue of ihia Influence. place of s^ernl resort. Fa<icigay bas a population of energetic and persevering efforts, entei tains the cooti- at the same moment to the Sardinian King and to ttij I Diiul say, though a Spaniard, that moderate men and be able to inform her Majesty t government that bis secre-10C.0COlobabitaoU,anditsterritoryisnea-iy4,t»i>0deutethatiboeedifficultieswouldnotbeInsurmounta-BritishQueen nunofsensehersdeemthereconditionsexorbitantIttary''(Mr.Sullivan)andhisownendeavorstofindaroute Sar ,u.» baa accepted tbe- propotiiln n BOfar as it is ad acres. It ,a the meat picturt3<iue pirt of dav^y. Wbi ble. CerbuD, moreover, of operating upon a basis In bis despatch to M. le Comte de Pe'Ricny, V\tFrench Is to be observed that those who affirm that peac? practicable for boraes, from Edmonton westward, acress vatitsgeous to herself. Sbe wilt annex Parma and Mo- Uaa D<Alieard of Chamounix, Saint ftervaiB, L.-s MateIs, of a nature to satisfy completely France and Sardinia. Amiidsadir to Bnpiand, M 1hrnivmfld^iin*s,on b-halfuf should not bo be made without the conquest of the Rocky Mountains, as far as toe longitude ofthe Avganelle do Midi, &o Wt»ll may tne Swl'8 t'euible to picify Italy for a long period, and not to hurt in Tangier are Uie two extreme po!it<cal par- dem,, »i.d it even content to have it done by the vote of at the tiWa of theee herls bacinmg neither S vias a >r S» too absolute a manner any of tho ijterrsts which Eu- JOonfY, to jt.ir.vith tSrtgbiwd tn Lord J>h.n ttasseV's pro- liPti—Carltsts and the" will democrats. Thesethe pcop'e of these dutbu>e basing taken upm it by m*ans voyatd but French. Nipoleoo, who has luihef t, u*ept rope has the right and duty mo-ally to watch ovor, the gramme- He points out that, while England has been but are tbe men who shout the loudest for the continua- government of his Majesty would notouly not hesitate to • spectator <f the events which have led to the pres.-utFort Colville, and entirely within British territory, have been perfectly successful In addition to thto, h* pursued bis way for more tbaa fifty miles to the westward, stUlof ujj'v raaieuffrage. W.ih regard to Tvi»;any, she seems away a:l ebrtaoles, may yet stumble over this utile N"a- proniire to take in a Conference or Congress the defease situation. Franc has been an active belhg^rent, and he tion of Uie war, for their hopes dej>eud mush on tbe oc noitb b the 4v»th parallel, until he arrived and terminated U, have mule no re;iy ; but the intelligence iotu luly botb'B vitieyard. of such an arrangement, but it would proclaim it as ua»t- otverves taat while England is s'.iil tree to resume, her po curreiiCe of some great calamity. In quiet times they bis explorations by reaching tbe camp of toe rotted Much mirreet is felt in the result of M.-. HerlUke's mo tackable, ia its opinion, by f< reign iuterveutlon. In this gition as a mere looker on, the Emperor is burihened w l h have hardly a chance of seizing powor; their best and Siatec B.>ar.iary Commissioners, in lougitud* 119 dag. ttahuwa that her friend* there arts acting mitea' of speak- tioo m ib«5 House of OOUIUHMIS. but beyooi tne Iait oi us hypothesis, then, Sardinia would b« sure of having us the respoi.si»>ilHy cfthe ensequeuces which may ensue only opportunity is in tbe storm The Progreeistas, whoing,!ortiieretoo,aswellMinParmaanlM>l<ua,thu ba\'ngbeenadsptedbytheHouae,weknownothing,inwbole t«*ot>le bave b9en called upon to decide bj uaiver coos>quence of Uie boi*terons £t*te of the weather, which t:a»prtvcDiedallintercommunication. Mauyimigmotuatwnhherandbehindber. Y,-uareauthorizedtodeclare this formally to Count Cavour.fromhisarmedactiou. M thocrenel,therefore,Wh gnat j>oUUr'eB8, iiisorms oar govemm.'nt that the Em- perorhastakenuponhimself*ouiformUi<jCrnrtofTurinsupportO'Docnell,areanxiousforpeace;theVicalva- riats desire oniy what O'Donaell desires; ihe conserva- tiveswish for]>eai5e, and all whoareengagedincom-West."' He oonduaes by stating that " Snow has com- meneedtotail(October),theseacooof1S59isterminated, and. in conformity with tbe directions of ber Mijesty's government,betodrawingtheaffairsoftheexpeditionta a close, ana will start, accompanied by Mr. Soliivsn, next week for Uie Dalles on horseback—a journey of about sixteen days; thence we shall take toe eteemer for Van convrr, where we hope to meet Or Hector Wesoak then have toe honor of again communicating with her Majesty 'B government''T h e V e e r K n t r t i s h K n i g h t s . [FromtbeLondonNews,Feb.2sJperor's orders, that we will not consent at any priceWe have an abundant supply of vegetables from Al- to take upon ourselves the responsibility of such and even solc-mn conjuncture of affairs Sardinia may do she wanted was only to avenge the affront offered to the her Majesty conferred tae honor of knighthood on Wed-DoIneednow,M.leBaron,l>ngdetai;stoexplainwhataal atirlrage—ererybotlyof twenty one years of age vo- public opinion in Eaflatd or this annexation will yet would be our attitude if the Turin Cabinet, free in its what Iiij views and wishes are upon this ques- merce and in sgnculture, tho taxpayets and tbe func-Ung—it ttey preftr auntxati^n or a separate kttigjoaa. piove iaiai to the commercial treaty. option, should prefer lo run all the risks which I have tion. From this gentle snubbing we turn with UcLarics, Join in thestme prayer.The :ttiiaiUve rtiult of the vo*e of Central Italy on ths Trade is in a complete state of stagnation. At llalhau- pointed out while advising it to avoid them? The hypo- what appetite we may to the despatch of the O'Do&atll cjuldnot imagine that on such terrible con-sea. 1'osen, Rheims, Amnns, Rombaix, Lyons and St. same date which is addressed to M. le Btron de ditions the Moors would accept peace. But O'DonnelJ, qcest'ot of anccxaucn to Piedmont will he known on the K..r. or traiis.ai-«ii-i.* have been limited to a degree, the thesis in which the government of bis Sardinian Majesty Talleyrand, tho Minister of France at Turin This whose position is difficult, ss his resixinsibility is great, is2Mb instT h e ) a t e « t n e w s f r o m Y i » n n a l a , t h a t A u s t r i a h a s d eclareitotnerepreeentatlveeof-itherPowers—whichertdestfy alludes to Prueau—that the qaettion of the futurei aw ec-ltwj market al Havre has been firm in regard to would have to rely only on its own forces developes itself, is a much more lengthy and explanatory docum^at. M. interested in not granting peace. He cannot have forgot- prices, bat :iuie business is don g Tne mo-t extensive so to say, naturally, and 1; would be painful forme to Thouvenei begins by iotorming Europe, in the pereen of ten tbe words be uttered in Uie Senate and the Cham oerd w e l l u p o n i t .I therefore confine myself to say, by the Em-w o r k s a r e i n p r o g r e s s Of c o m p l e t i o n a t t h e p o r t s o f M a r - seillesandHavre,at Boulogne,Bit-st,CVUc,SLMaloand Caen.M . d e T a l l y r a n d , t h a t t h e t i m e i s n o w c o m e w h e n i t i s propertomakeknowntoSardiniawhat is thoexactIdea of the Emperor's government upon the present graveo f D e p u t i e s i n O c t o b e r l a s t H e s a i d t h a t " S p a i n d i d n o t desireconquestsontheAfricansoil;thatshedidnotseek for political and territorial compensation; and that whatCaptain Francis Leopold McCUntock, R. N., on whom•OTeret«*ntyofSuvojandNice'lanotofsufficientinterest giers. Peas,cucumbers^lettuce,broccoli,ajparaius, asituation. Whatevermaybehissympathiesfor asshepleases.Englandmayals)doasshe SpanishhagbytheundisciplinedtribesofAnghera." nesdaylast,isagentlemanwhosenametowellknownto her to sake her etlr in this aflalr. A* tht his keen louog potatoes, French beans, fruhen the sight in all Italy, and especially for Sardinia, which has mingled pieases France desires to compel no one to follow At tbe same time Uie Spanish government gave the lor his recent adventures in the Polar regions, with whiohtrratcdw%UiregardtothedefenceoftkePa,>osk'tailLrcaf dlrectio,s;andwereitnottinttiepn^eremindsoaeof the contrary, as weli as the still prevailing frost, we in gutoihert wirt record tot)>e d'fenrt of fAetr outposts. supix#e ourselves in Uie middle of ttr month of May. The Catbolic cergy of Chambory, in Savoy, with their We are not very dull, although the season of self denialiwblood withours, hisMajesty wouldnothesi her. ButthisistbewayFranceintendstowalk.Sar EnglishMinisterawrittenaasuraLcethatwewerenot Uiepublichavebeenmadesofamiliarinconaesttoawith tate to evince bis firm and dcciled resolre to take the in- dinia is warned, however, that if she departs from the going to make any conquests, and teat, whatever might his command of the Fox, sent out to prosecute tbe searchterests of France as his sole guidance. As I have ob- footsteps of France Bhe will fall upon very treacherous be the result of the war, Uie O'Bonnell Cabinet promised for Sir J. Franklin. He is the second son ef toe late Henryserved to Count de Persigny, to dissipate dangerous Illu ground. The Emperor of the French tells the King of to abandon, wben peace was signed, the places occupied B*»rop at their heai, have proteated in a public aidresj has commence 1. Paris ooes not at once array herself in sions is not an abusive restriction of the use whim Sar- Sardinia tbat the popular feeling in Italy is not to be trust- during tbe war.McCantock, Esq., formerly an officer in toe Teirl Dragoon . Guard, and subsequently Collector of Customs at Dundaik, Ireland, by Elizabeth Melesina, daughter of the late vene- rable George Flenry, Archdeacon ot Walerford. and firstsackcloth and ashts, whatever the iujuuciions of lwr spi- dinia and Italy may wish to make of the liberty which ed by him—that it does not mean loyalty to Sardinia, bit Now, I do not mean to charge Uie O'Donnell Cabinetngaicet <be project, which probably commands the sym- rttuai pastors and masters, at the commenoement of L?nt. we are proud of having assisted them in obtaining, and hostility to Austria. The aspirations of the Italians, utys AM with perfidy. I behave tbat in October last year they didpathies of the majority of tin Savoyards of annctati-^n to The Uesh is Blow to relinquish its wonted '-pots," and not which is finally confirmed by ibo declarations which the polevu 111., intioli* the conquest of_ Venetia, ond menace th'. net thmk of conquests, and tbat what Uie Spanish Parlia- cousin of Captain W. B. Mc3tintock Bunbury, M. P. for Switaeiiaad. They will not tall, they say, iato the till the m uirvme has reminded the faithful of the nearer government of the Emperor has recently obtained from Stairs <f the Church and the kingdom of the Two SicUi'i. ment said, it said in good faith, and that what was pro- county Carlow. Thto gallant officer entered the royalapproachofi'aceionWeek,dotheythinkitnecessaryto theCourtofVienna;itissimply,Irepeatit,makinggood Thfi/iui\>hvalsotcoprdbabilitietequallytobeavoided—tear misedtoMr.Buchananwasreallymsanttobeoarried navyin1831,snd passed hisexamination October23, clutches of the cruel Oalvinist, who would scon eitinguwh leave the world behind them. the independence of our policy, and placing it in satety of and rtwli tion. If Sardinia should go alone onwards she 3838; and after having been for several years employedtheir whole Fisboprio.The Savoy qaestion presses with rather a heavy handupon operation* in the funds, and mainly in consequence ofIt, c o w l s receded on Saturday. March 3 , to M,V SharesNice, which is Just now looked upon as the "piece of complications which we shall not have to resolve must be prepared for tbe conseqnencee into which these out. But circumstances have changed since then; tbe as mate in the excellent gunnery ship at Portsmouth,should our counsels have been powerless in preventing them.I shall not conclude this despatch, M le Bar in, withoutof Lord Brougham. Mr. W. Brougham was originally a saying a few word* to you rsepecting Savoy aud th3 receive its impulse from Turin This is <rbai mi:', hap declarations of Parliament and Uie obligations contracted of lieutenant July 26,181a. Being appointed to tbe fot- Master in Chancery, with a salary of £3.000 a year.and county of Nice. The government of the Emperor has re- pen to Saiuicia if she does not accept what immediately with EiiR'and. lowiEg month of August to the Frolic, 19, under Captaincent, or *, below the Bank nUci<num.character, buch an array of princes and prinrcasei, hos- idea that tkefirmaMon of a vwejxnjtycrful StaU at the foot any former political divisions. The second pro- the famous testament attributed to toe first Isabella. For mories of ail onr readers.silver that was lost and is found again," has been a sub- ject of great Interest In consequence of the splendid bal coitumi given by Mr.and Mrs. William Brougham,brotherpopular desires must force ber: she must undertakes work eut o* proportion with her ordinary means, and she must become ihe agent of a policy which will no longersituation ol O'Donnell is no longer toe same; it is very critical, and it is that situation which may force him and the Cabinet to fail tn their own stlemc declarations, in theCapt Sir Thomas Hastings, and in toe Gorgon steamer, oorxmanded on the southeast coast of America by the late Capt. Sir Charles Hotham, be was promoted to the rankwere alao lower, afehUy; an.l the rentes on the Paris Bourse sundry other pickings. Tho olfieo was abolished, and! Mr. gretted the premature and out of place discussion of this follows. The Emperor has pondered upon all then-? mat 1 will ji-,f' say a few words on the state of affairs. It is Ccspatriek Bailie Hamilton, he continued to serve in tostwere feeble. Money was in good demand, but p>-ovls:ou Brougham retires on £3,500 a year for life. JtTi bat con question In the publi: journals; but it cannot refrain from ters, and Trom his cogitations he bas evolved the following notorious that O Donnell undertook Uie war for personal •etsel in toe Pacific until 1M7, in the course of whichsequtnUy wherewithal to astonish the good Tolks of Nice taking it as the expression of an opinion which daily plan :—Ihe first proposiiion is that Sardinia shall have reasons and to please the Qiieen, who from religious reasons year be returned borne and was paid off He attained toeif bo chooses to indulge his taste in a bal cottu:>w: and a gains in strength and weight. Historical traditions, I ombardy, Parma, and Modeua, with full power to weld was most enthusiastic for it, and her Majesty was led to rank of captain in October. 1854, and his subsequent ad- month, the market rate of discount remains at 3 ^ per bal (Xaiumi he appear* to have given of a very splendid which it is needless to recall, have accredited the th, m into one compact sovereignty, a n l to take no note of believe that she was predestined to carry out successfully ventures m the Northern regions must be fresh in the m ehaving b-ru mile for bills due at the beginning of thepo'ars and names terminaung in "deef," "«koy,""ha rf the A'.ps would be unfavorable to our intervits, and al- position Is, that tbe King of Sardinia shall be the temporal his part, O'Donnell, though caring very little for the firu The Papal govsranient has prohibited commesree by toffl,' "koski," "honki," &c . was never before beard of. though in the arragement developed in this despacb, the administrator of the Legations of the Romagna, Isabella or her supposed testament, calculated that a sueThe ball room was the grand salle of the Hotel de la annexation of all the States of Central I'aly to Saminla Ferrara, and Bologna, exercising his functions in the octfciui campaign in Africa would consolidate his power Grande, Boulogne, and was spacious enough to admitof should not be complete, it is certaia that in the point of name of the Pope, and respecting those municipal insti- as Minister in Spam, wbich, from various reasons, was two hundred costumes being distinctly seen and admired. view of external relations it would be equivalent, In reality, tutions which are traditionary in tbe Legations. The rather shaky. In place of making bimsolf thoroughly acMr. Wil'iam Aiberton, who was knighted at tbe same time, is the new Solicitor General of toe present admtnto tration. lie is a member of a dissenting family, long and respectably connected wtth the north of Kngtond. He totransit between An. ooa and Romagna. The merchantshare lodged a protest against this measure. Agitationprevails in the Marchess—the landed proprietors refuse to Madame de Montesenibo, wife of the Governor of Nice, to an analogous result. The same provisions, however third proposition la, that Tuscany shall retain her political quainted with the vulnerable points of the empire, in a son ot too late Rev. W . Atherton, a worthy mintoter ofpay taxes.The Do*au Zeittmg, giving a denial to the reportedalliance between Austria and Russia,states that the Princewas among the moat aimirjd. She represented a Rus- distinct they may be, claim the same guarantees; and and territorial individuality. caritime towns—to place of assembling tbe army and thesian peasant in holiday costume, carrying on her head the possession of 8avoy and of the county of Nice, excepting squadron on the coasts of Andalusia, and falling nexpest- Rev. Waiter Morrison, a clergyman of the Establish-* dress a brilliant display of jewels Quite correct, for In the interettt of Switzerland, which tee aUrayt desire to take » Such Is the French programme for the ultimate settle- ediy with a division on one point, or of bombarding Moga- Church of Scotland. He is now in his fifty-fourth year,tha'. kind of investment the Russian peasant will accumu- ment ol this long pending Italian question. If Sardinia isnaviDg been born in 1808. He was called to toe bar at the uncertainty of toe movements of the Spanish army, the Inner Temple In 1839, after having practised for somain'io accovmt. also presents itself to us in that H;/i>othfsis as alate all his savings. The most beautiful was tbs Oomtesaa geographical necessity for the saftty of our f'rm.'i'-rs ready to accept this, Uie Emperor promises her thatdor,or some other maritime town, badly prepared fromat Hesse has left for Darmstadt on leave of absence.Trie Madrid Epoca and tha Occident* ministerial Prezdz'ezcka, her costume being that of an ordinary Mar- You must therefore call the attention of Count Cavour France will stand by her and back her up—" La Sar- be euddenly called to mind that the 10th of Novem- years as a special pleader below the bar, and went thequise. to this point; but you will state to him at the same time daigne teratt stir de ntus avoir avecelle, ef derriere eUe''— ber was the Queen's Saint's day, and ordered Echague Northern Circuit for several years with considerable suc- papers, aswrt that to preserve the territory conquered in the evening was marked by the cirenmstanoe of Mr. that it is not our wish to constrain the expression of the if she should refuse it she will be left alone to rely unon to proceed with Uie vanguard to the coast, take possession cess. He is a Queen's Counsel and a Bencher of the Africa would entail sscri'Jces on Spain greater than the Brougham's furnishing to tho assembled guests a some- popular wi 1, and that the government of the Emperor, her own army. That is to say, she will be left alone to fight of Uie undefended Seraiio, and announce by telegraph to Inner Temple, and first entered Parliament in 1862 as H.what minute description of Princess Alice, so- >nd daugh- morever, would not fail, when the moment should ap- Naples and Austria. France will not any further pro- P. for the City of Durham, and was returned by tostcos- advantages she would obtain. The other papers main ter of Queen Victoria, now betrothed to the Prince of pear to him to have arrived, to consult first the groat sesute the war for her "idea." That "idea," like Uie toe Queen, on ber holy festival, those old wails were Stitnency again in 1867 and 1859. He held the post ottain reserve on the question. The manufacture of rifle Oratge. Mr. Brougham is a very constant guest at Wind- Powers of Europe, so as to prevent a false interpretation peau de diagrin of Pigault le Bran, has contracted with occupied. On Uie 2Sth ef November Uie Moors fell on Judge Advocate of the Fleet and Counsel to toe Admi- guns has been declared free in Spain. sor when at home He spoke of the Princess Alice being of the reasons that would direct his conduct. every victory. At first it was Italian liberty from Uie Spanish unexpectedly, and O'Donnell, on nearinf of ralty from 1856 to December last, when he succeeded S:r in person Uller than her sister, the wife of the Prince of You will please read this despatch to Count Cavour, and Uie Alps to the Adriatic; then It receded from Ve- the fact, crossed Uie strait with Uie whole of toe army ex - H. Keating as Solicitor General. He married, to 18a,After receiving the freedom of London, on the 2d inst, Piusaia, and or ber possessing very remarkable talentin leave him a copy. THOCVENEL. netia; now It bas fallen away from Tuscany. The cept Uie third corps. What has passed since then" Why, Agnes Mary, daughter of T. J. Hall, Esq ,chief magistratelord Klgra attended a banquet given in his homr by the LordMayor,attheMansion{Iliuse. Beofcoursemale referencetJbisnewmls&lon toChina,and while onthe one hand be advocated the necessity of maintaining thethe way of observation of character, of which she made a veryfree,outspokenuso;thatatfirstabecould notbear the thought of the Priuce of Orange, though a closer Inti- macyhadmadeherquite satisued.with him. Hestated, likewise, that she read with avidity all sorts of publica- tions, and sighted in commenting upon them whereverM.THOCVKOtLTOCOUNTPKRSK1NT, AMBAB8AD0BOF FRANCE AT LONDON.PARIS,Feb.24,1860. Monsieur I« Comte—I have already had the honor ofItalians had better make haste and ft* it, or no one can te'l ioWAOItimaydwindle. As it now stands it has nota great appearance of durability about it. Tuscany m ay choosetomakeafreeuseofbersovereign independence by annexing herself to Sardinia, and man require the in- tervention of a foreign army to compel ber to continue her independentisolation. Itisnot impossible thatUiePopeall the army was heaped together in toe confined space betweenCeutaandSierraCuliones;weharehadtosua- taiu fifty sanguinary combats without real utility, and the choleradecimatedourranks,untilwerouted,on the4th of February, the camp of Muley Abbas, and on toe 6th entered Tetuan, having spent in these operations 500 mil lionsofreals(£6,000,000sterling) and lost near 15,000at the Bow street Police office.The Hew Reform Morement In London. SCENES AT AND aFTBK TBI MRaTLNU OF TU£ ffO MSN AT MLDKIOHT.TOTin anrron or ran LOXDOX nioa.I attended the meeting at St. James Hail last ni^nt I entertain great respect tor tbe moti -«a which acuiaw the gentlemen at toe head of toe "midnight meeting" movement but their energies are misapplied a n i H""1preartpe of this country, he yet, on the other hand .ex-pressed his conviction that the Chinese were a reasonable who heatd him was that the Prince of Orange, in securing which contain the reply of the Cabinet of Vienna to the may excommunicate Uie Royal Vicar who is to be intrud- men. From fault to fault, from error to error, O'Donnellpeople, and that a pacillc policy on our pa^t w;>ul t prove successfulThe Queen of England has extended the titl<> of Lordhis suit with England a fair daughter, would either be "a man or a mouse'—the possessor of a charming wife or 04 a partner '• with a will of her own."explanations which the Emperor had commanded me to accompany the propositions wbich emanated from the go-ed upon him, so soon as hegi-ntera upon his functions. The position assigned to Uie Pope by this programme is certainly somewhat humiliating, and it will be edifying tofinds himself at Tetuan tn the imperious necessity of sa- tisfying Uie opinion of official Spain, excited by Uie Cabinet and its agents, not to speak of tbe national desire*A n iIfo, Ignorant of honor! rain!should one day deign to receive me Into a betterThe Sardinian army is set down at 160,000 man by cer-tain French and Belgian prints, who even add to these160 000 to 60,100 from Central Italy, and 30,0.0 menforming the contingents of I860, 1861, 1852 and 1853,which are to be usder arms by the 16th of March.Either this Is true, or it is a gross exaggeration; if tbeformer, il the Italians can really bring 240,000 men into ber with every comfort, to provide ber wito every isxv the field, they richly deserve their fate if they submit to ry, snd eventually—as bastoooften happened of iats — foreign dictation—if it be an exaggeration, the truth will ptooe ber by marriage in a rank of life far above herown, disappoint no one so much as themselves. Admitting, so long will she refuse to abandon^her career.M " '•, i «—«•- tonohlng Nicand OoantdeReoh- 0n Thouvenei.England might conduct usv To oar eyes one certain method It Suppose free trade established in a new andcommand toe First, General Fanti tha Second, GeneralOialdinithe Third, and General de Bonnes tke Fourthdi- Srnle o f Astley • ^ • " • • J " ^ ' w ^ S n p *foundFrancisJoseph.jg that if this experience happened either to he tbem at a rate to seme degree corresponding with bare nam been Improved by the government. ThoseYto arrived, of fthens latter years will no longer emanate from Turin. Ittonotatamoment,M.leBaron, when the destinies**" ~alone can have the right to substitute a new principle of stability and order for another principle hallowed by time andtherespectofpeoples;hut.Ifwehavethe rightand thedutytoclaimforourselvesthefreeexerciseofourror country, what will this country produce/ do not deny but that it can develooe some fa- vored Industry by a natural'privileged situation, batvision.Improvements latheRusslnm Navy.Mr. W. Cooke n e r i n i l ^ ^ ^ ^ ^ c e e s «F**»'* ult,byMr.Gower,thepropnewrw«-«shewent. TheimpressionMr.Brougham male uponalltransmitting to you the two despatches wbich M. Le Comte deRechfcerg hasaddressed to Prince Meltemich,sndlu ihe month of May the Champs de Mars is to be de-Brougham and Vaux to his brother, Mr. William voted to experiments in the art of direcllug balloons. So, ments, the sincerity of which I in no wise contest, but23d ult . arrived at Liverpool on Sunday, tho 4th inst. making known to him the opinion of tha government ofThe Canada, which touched at Queenstown on the s\m o his Majesty on the reply ot the Vienna Cabinet to our last ration wbich 1 admit shuts out all adhesion on the part ofproposals, I point out to him the best line to be followed, Morning, had also arrived at Liverpool. > according to my idea, to relieve all responsibilities without depriving any one of his legiumat-3 freedom of action, as Oar Paris Correspondence. alsotogetoutofasituation wbich would shortly become I'.iKis, March 1, 1S,W. ss dangerous as it is now confused, if left to itself and tothe Cabinet o; Vienna to the use which we may make of the latitude which it concedes to us; but it arises from thir—and I have pointed this out to Prince Metternich, who has made no sort of objection to the justness of my reasoning—that the government of the Emperor has nowtherefore, that we must nosv take all this as un fait ace m- pli, and restrict our curiosity to tbo inquiries—Who is to w the new Grand Duke o! Tuscany ? Whit are the secu-the war. Tbe Uueen whose chief anxiety to for Uie diffi- culties of Uie pontifical government, sent for a certaia ex Sinister, and informed him of ber desire to dismiss her prtstLt government, snd asked whether be would form ato by sots and tears. It went straight to the bean, and was understood by all.Alter a few commonplace remark" by Mr. Btckersteth,the chance of incidents. The moment has, then, arrived the power to examine the fourth of the propositions ofa gentleman of strong rungs and portly presence ad- rities vouchsafed to Switzerland against a French llotillt new cue who would act with energy in the Roman question. dressed tha meeting. He exhorted his hearers to corns atThe double objeit, which we have never lost sight of,and wbich we ultimately wish to attain, with the cincurreme of Sardinia, is this—so to mtoage that, on the onehand, the results ol the war may not Do compromised 11Italy ilself i on the other hand, to obtain that they may, ina more or less Dear futare, be cocsolidated by the officialacbeeion of Europe, or in other words, to preven', compli-cations which would giva up the Italian Peninsula to an wish which we ourselves have taken into considerationInteresting firom France.8fEiCU OF M. DK MORNY TO TQE LEGISLATIVE the gtog aphical position of Spain and its limi.el re- that the railway fare woull be pain for those desiring toarchy, and to tound a durable state of thioga by placing it as soon as possible under the pro-^cuon of international law.The Cabinet of Turin can assist us in the accomplishment of this task, tnd the success would probably be certain. It is also free to adopt a different line, but the geneial in- terests of France woull not allow the government of tho Emperor to follow ia it, and franknass compr is us to say so. It is these two systems, between which the govern- ment of bis Sardinian Majesty has to choose, that I am now going to consider with you.I am convinced, M. le Baron, that if the Turin Cabinet shows itself resolved to consider and make every one con eider the organization which a portion of Italy is called upon to adopt as constituting the origin of an historical period without a preliminary term fixed for its duration in the conditions ot order and of peace, the very nature of things will overcome maqy obstacles. That this or-rbere I shall find truth, justice and eternal ganization should have such a character in the opinion of I thai! have the consolation of thinking that my all men, it is necessary that it should not contain the ele- tnflrty years hence, while praying to God ments of eventual and probable disorder, either within will not be condemned to defend themselves its own self, or in its external relations. The government svenge the church for m y treasons and Of the Emperor, for its part, is firmly convinced that one and the same cause would prod use either effect, and that t ___ outto enough to keep her on would be unmistakeably manifest from the day upon 1<*^d to tne fate of the commercial treaty which it should undertake a work out of proportionto its regular snosmn of influence and of action. If Sardinia n^a* 1?IL!?U *"*•* to **** document to the extends her territory too far the work of assimilation would presentobstacleswhtohsheoughtnottooverlook. She would, in foot, find herself toss powerful, and espe- cially lest mistress of her resolutions; the will be dragged |; she will no longer direct, and the impulsion whioh _ made the strength and the success of Piedmont in,reliance, set out for Tetuan, and it is currently believe 1 that the exaggerated conditions demanded by him from the Moors, and which will render more than probable Uie continuance of Ihe war, are attributable not merely to that person's influence, but lo the danger which so lately and so seriously menaced him as Ministermained until their reformed enters were carried off la cabs ami 1a shower of cynical remarks.They then pbed their calling—apparently with caa> siderahle success."nreontheereofafinalsolution,that of toe Emperor would hesitate t> express ankness which testifies, however,to the TM—it feels in a friendly and allied Court; tot frankly nay that t k e sentiment whioh brought •*•••' ' —rtaof Italy tho idea of annexation, ,-_:-^-->— to the expression of that wish, isforeigncompetitionwouldstifleintheirbadallthosethingsdoetrtnee, we do not recognise It as our right to impose which it requires to order to prosper. Capital, skilful [Translated from the Paris Patrie, Feb. 10, for the Saw ^ J K . 8 ^ tour tote ennred were little cream on*ol• BBsnenn ••— * - ^ a great Power thanSardinia Such a at Ess onset, could not fait to toMlhe Ihe duty of the Turin «ssma»»w length of time nndbe- nndthat it de-vernment for tho reorganization of tee Russian navy.I wfll add, M. le Comte, that the harmony whioh it it not yet enjoy all these advantages, is nearly as equitable It bas been decided to abandon the old system, which For tots lot there wss s spu ted < » , n ^ u o n ' ^a rtsvernment of her Britannic Majesty. I have abstained Christendom to see how the Pope and bis Vicar will con- of tbe country for some compensation for tha immense zeal is misdirected.from returning with the Ambassador of Austria to judg- duct themselves towards each other. sacrifices wbich she bas been forced to make.Brougham, and his male be;rs, thereby preyenttiijj the perhaps, the year I860 may result in rendering us tn which are too far removed from our mnuner of viewing The end is not quite equal to Uie preface; but, after all, The Moors have asked on what conditions Spain greater pan ounstotrd of tbe belt, toe destitute and totextinctionofapeeragewhichwxildotherwu^i>ensh with its present owner.The Kurd, of February 2*, publishes the copy of aa i d . dresseeottothePopebyalargenumberofprints,y **-some measure Independent of the watery element, what everperilsitmayexposeust>inanother.THECBISISINITALY.Some 20C * omen were present last evening. By far the the matter to render it useful to attempt to rectify them, the Italians nave had a great deal done for them, and if would make peace. O'Donnell, forgetful of his promises aged of West End prostitutes. Shabby mantles and tawdryhavepr^feriedtopayhomageatoncetothesenti theycannotnow,afteralittletimeforconsolidation,do toEi-g'audandbisownsolemn wordsinParliament, dreew*w^ieintheascendant Therealsocialevil,tea meats of moderation which have animated Count Koch the rest for themselves, they deserve but small sympathy. has demanded the whole of toe conquered ter- SBMJSer/ertRuas. who blazons her shame in Regent street berg when, wishing even to reproduce the very terms M Thouvenei does not finish bis programme without say- ritory, 200 millions of reals, and certan po and the Uaymaiket, n h o saps tne morals, destroy* tue whichIha.1employed,hehasdeclaredthat"IfheinghislittlewordaboutSavoyandNice.WehavelilicalandcommercialcompenEationswbichthe healthanddrainstoepur?-;ofherthoughtlessadmirer*,spoken of this subject In another article; but so has M public have as yet no exact knowledge of. He is was, with tew exceptions, unrepresented. There were Thouveneispokenofitin-otherdespatches.Itevidently betweentwodifliculiks—hisownwordsandtoestipule nottwentyyoungandwelldressedwomenintoeroojt has just now entire possession of the mind of the Em- tioas of hia government, and the strict account the coun- Tea or coffee and breal and butter were offered to all peror, and it crops up everywhere in Uie French Foreign try will call upon him to render, If, after having spent comers, and groups of eight or ten women were formed Office, Here it no longer assumes Uie form or a demand KO,eoo,y.O reals and 15.0C0 men, it is to remain con- round the various tables. There was no platform. Tbe for the French slopes of the Alps. M. Thouvenei t;lia tested with Ceuta and its approaches. If be made peaoe few clergymen present conversed with toe women during Count Cavour plainly that "tile possession of Sa»oy and without conquest, O'Donnell would fail from power, tea, and afterwards formed to a group near toe top of toe the Oomti of Nvx (taring the interests of SviUr scute J by all Spain, and this explaics why he preferred room. £l.ir.d) presents itsJf as a geographical ncesnty for tht continuing tbe war, and trusting to future susoess for toe Shortly before one o'clock Mr. Baptist Noel addressed tions both ol France and Austria " Although it was con security of the Pre ch fronnrrs." What tha saving solution of bis prefect difficulties. As a Spaniard, I the meeting in a speech full of kindness and sympathy.andlaymenofParis. TheybeseechtheIIther to Usten, as in 1417 to the inspiration* of his heart, The New Programme of Napoleon—M. Thouve- nation suggested by Lori John Russell, he clungrather than to ill founded dialrust, and not to bo blind riwelfareOl? FRANCS AT TURIN.the principles of mod*re society that the temporal Papacy PARIS, Feb. 24, 1860.can be save! \in.vm:;:K us BARON—I have the honor to send you here- The Etna, Captain Anderson, from New Yoric on tin with copy o! tho despatch which I have addressed to the Ambassador of the Emperor at London, and in which,by perarvous advice. Their aim, they say, is theof tha Church and the future of the Papacy, for it is butthrough a conciliation bjtwean the Komancharch and M. THOCVKMEL, TO BAKON DK TALLE&AND, MINiarEanei' s Despatches to England and Sardinia— nevertheless, to the hope of which I had made myself the interpreter when I laid It down that if the difference The Proposed Annexation of Savoy and Nice. of principles could, and In some cases ought to, load to difltreut judgment*, it was not necessary that the result should be, when the honor of either side was safe, disas-deplored the divergence of opinion of our twoCourtssstothepracticalvalueofthecombi-trous conliots, and these so far removed from the inten-pled with the a*K>uance tint Austria would do justice to ihe motives which command the two Powers to abstain from an armed intervention in Central Italy, that doclaclause in favor of Switzerland means, we can only rtgue- lament that my country is involved in a war—sanguinary, He talked of the horrors of the present, the pr.>sp„>ct of ly guess; but we may safely infer that the promise not to eU-rile, and without any advantage to her, and only for death and the hope for toe penitent. He ^produced ns coerce the will of the people means nothing at all; and,as purposes which are not of public interest effect whatever until be drew a most touching picture ef to the promise to consult tbe great Powers, M. Thouvenei What happened here some Cays before toe capture of toe happy home they bad forsaken, and of toe mothers coes not pretend that this is to have ony other purport Tetuan must have weighed much in favor ot continuing who wept over their shame. This appeal was responded than to eixplain the Emperor's " conduct" W e suppose,upon the I^ko of Genevar And how is it proposed to Ihe said ex Mtniftor, who, though he is a reactioaist, is a once to the reformatories. He promised test tbeir hair ThePapalDiJHcuity—PoliicalStatus»/Franc*—AW%M-foreveryonetospeakout,and1willnowgiveyouwith-berBritannicMajisty'sprincipalSecretaryofStateformufflethethunderboltsofRome,andpreventPioNo-nomanofsuperiortalentsandofhonorablespirit,answeredshouldnotbecutoilnortheircressestakenfromthem,ticmofSavoytoFrance-The OoiutUuttonn-lan tte Villa- franca Affair—CooLneu of Prince Napoleon Tjwardst! • Atntnm K*t<asty—Trade in France—Grand Ball at Nice, Girrn by a Brother of Lord Bi-ougkam—TKe ghampDe Mars, «tr , «f<\ ,The Papal difficulty is at present but a smouldering flame. The moment has not arrived for a fair ventilation Mf^"»* Bertin, daughter of the Chevalier Rousseau, peer of France and Mayor of the Third arrondlssement of Paris,and niece of Moaeeignor Rosneau, formerly Bishop of Or- leans—the prodeoausor of Mooseignor Dupanloup, so roughly handled by that austute prelate—has addressed a complauit to the Procareur General of the Imperial Court of Pane, tonahong the libel upon her deceased uncle. Batthis is not all. M. Bertin, a aephew, has remittox to the tnrtont Journals the iprtuimi verba which contain the nUetsi libeJ. They are as follows -I have ooodemed myself (writes the present Bishop of Orleans) in saying to yon—The Qmttitmtioimd—that Mr. Rousseau was ignorant of h story, was still more ignorant of nho true principles of the Lutheran church, and whatoutanyreserve,theviewsofthe Emperor'sgovernment, so that the Turin Cabinet may form its own judgment as to how far it may suit it to conform thereuuto in pre^enco of such serious—I may say, such solemn conjunctures.ForeignAffairs; itcanespecially,withadegreeofliberty from doing mischief to his unwelcome and uninvited thatitwouldbeasunfair as dangerous to overthrowa andwasproceedingtodrawasketchofthecomiortstheywhich it did cot possess before the exchange of these ex- planations, discuss the mode of solution which that pro- position implies.This solution sgrees with the princi ales which form the bssis of our institutions; and, as I hal the honor to write to you on the Goth of last mouth, w s should not bo to a poeitiou to dispute their efficaciousness if they wore ap. plied to other countries. We acknowledge, on thoother hand, that the v.'Mi of the papulation has manifested itself in Kalian affairs with great authority, and it is theirVicar ?Mini-try whose Trepidant was in Africa at the head of would enjoy, when he was checked by Jeering laughter S0,CC0 or 40 000 soldiers; that no Ministry could now in- and "chaffing" remarks. Tbe preaching was cor.ciudedtervene in Rome, inasmuch as England and Franca were with a statement that any one desiring to enter a reforma- cowagreedontheprincipleofnonintervention;andthat torywouldbetakenthereattheckeeofthemeeting,andwhen we honestly made knowu to Austria the difficulties insurmountable in our eyes, which the liberal execution of the stipulations of Viliafianca and Zurich would encounter .What, then, in this state of things, Is tho aim, or rather, what would be the result of the proposition of toe Cabinet of London r To call forth a fresh expression of this wteh witb the assent of France and Ecgaod, In such a manner that this manifestation would receive from the previous adhesion of these two Powers a force in some sort legalised and regular. The government of the Emperor has deliberately examined Lbs situation which would be made for it in this eventuality, and Mhas remained convinced that it could not succeed in settiig free its moral responsibility, unless the principal of uni- versal suffrage, which constitutes its own legitimacy, be came also the foundation of the new order of things in Italy. On quite another field the participation of Francoh«K no secret, and in whom be has toe most unboundei sary ticket of aomianon. Among them these woman re-COUPS. tourcs would cot allow Spain to break with these two The Emperor is not the only personage ivho ining'irates Po wi' s In the meaevtixrie came Uie news of the taking of the mtetir.g of the Chamber with aa a ldress. Wait bis Tt tuan. aau tjja^h^BMtnnelli was soon forgotten for the victory tn Afrjjafc-yifc'hltimate friend of ODoanell's, who has (attn ^oau^BfeT his interests here, from whom hereturn borne. A rush was then made to the door by the great majority of toe women, including nearly all tot young and well dressed. „At toe outer door was collected a number of "swells,attracted by curiosity, but unprovided with the neces-Majesty does *x thri/nu in tho hall of the Louvre, U de Morny tejeats <x catxedra in the sxl'in of the Legislative Palace.Tae following is the speech delivered today by the President of Uie Corps Legisiatl :—GKNTUSJIKS—The Emperor's speech ought to reassureyou on the subject wh'ch interests you most—peace. Thegreatest element of prosperity at present, that with whicha country cannot dispense whose, industry and commerceare developed by credit, Is confidence. Let us hope thatthe sincere intentions of Uie Emperor, expressed both at point of Morocco on the ocean, but yesterday, tbe 2eth, good Thin object can,however, beaaaioed by other asshome and abroad, as they deserve to be, wili defioitively restore it; and, if it were permittel to m s to refer to an additional motive for confidence, I could find it in the vei y character of Uie Emperor. I might say—in reminding you of a passage in his speech ol yesterday, which you warmly applauded—tout be will never cease to have the real interests of France before his eyes; he will not suffer bimself to be led away; and Uie attacks of his enemies leave him ss tranquil as Uie ardor of his allies. Your session opens this time under pacific auspices. I haveit reparated in consequence of the bad weather.Tbe Itnlion Army. [From the London News, Feb. 27 Jbetter means than by making S t James' Hail s tmxtnf* to the Hay market, and b y calling midnight meetings of London prostitutes. The homeless and destitute eWee will accept toe hard fare, unwonted restraint and patoW aecluaion of a reformatory. Soch women may be (sent to any numbeis by men who, tike Lieutenant Biackawrs, noblv devote themselvesto toe search. Buttoemors tor- tunate iorette to not likely toyield to tbe sedaotioai of ass tea and toast, or the persuasive preaching prondel wrwould be a manifest inconsequence to which its govern not, ss last year, to make an appeal to the exaltation ofmentoould not expose itself. Now, what we are forced of your patriotism, nor to ask you to support the Imperial to consider as an absolute necesdty, England, without op policy. I address myself to your Judgment snd to yourpoting what the governments actually established in Cen- tral Italy equally acknowledged with us, abstains from advising them to adopt. W e know, besides, that these governments would not lend themselves, except with a sort of repugnance, to a fresh manifestation which they consider to be useless, and of a nature to throw suspicion on the va me and tne sincerity of preceding manifestations. The considerations which I have just pointed out place us in the necessity of carefully weighing the consequences towhich our unreserved acquiescence in the proposition of protection ought to be the means of arriving at less on the eve of a campaign. General La Marmora will Fxn22. .them on others; and we hold It, on the contrary, to be no loss imperative a duty to leave them the liberty as well as the responsibility of their own opinions and their own ac-workmen, experienced overseers, easy communication, and a gooa market, In fact all toe oonditiont which time atone can rive it. A transition, consequently, is indispen sable, and to preach free trade to a country which doesYORX HnRAin.lA 8 t Petersburg letter of Jan. 30 fires us some tote-resting particulars on tbe last naeaenres taken by toe go-to remain in an attitude of expectation. God forbid that I should pretend that England ought to show herself todiffe-public fortune, and improving the condition of all, is to succeed ta reducing ss much as possible the price of the objects of general consumption. Wages high to ap-materials for the artillery, the arming and defence of the coast batteries, and toe colonial service.tbe Wesleyan connection, by Mary, daughter of the hueBo far as these meetings provide a home and refogs n* On tbe 24th our squadron went out to bombard some wornont and hopeless outcasts they are productive «Jcool reason. The firstquestion which appears, and whichwill give place to measures which will be su omitted toyou, to that which at present agitates the commercialworld, and which Is raised by tho Treasy of Commeroeconcluded with England. It has revived all the theoreticdiscussions between free trade and the prohibitive system Piedmontese service can be set down aa regularly armed; ed to until the ball be fairly ££*~JZZ^alnm'' os Is it not a fit opportunity to examine the principles with butthose80,000arethoroughlygoodsoldiers,andittoa acoursewillpreventtoeoeduetninsofJM'£££ attentionf Freetrademay,itappearstome,becon- significant fact that the army to about to be divided into the pave from overcoming; t h e r ^ ? J ^ t ^ s s t , sidered as the object to which society is tending, but lour corpsdarmie, a atop which itto not usual to take un- Ucmen inside. I remain, sir, your o * * ^ * TM ^as to propose to a child to contend with a grown man.Now, these principles being laid down, can it be pretend-ed that a government ought to protect its industry In aninterest cxciusive of the manufacturers, aud to preservea monopoly at the expense of Uie consumers of the coun-try ? Far from that, tbo government has quite a contra- has been resolved upon. The corps of marme artilleryour livery desire to maintain between ourselves and Uie government of her Britannia Majesty could not neverthe- tosn prevent us from entabUahing the foot that our respec tive positions are not exactly the same. In fact, the eotof events during the pant year has thrown us intonecessity of sostoiuingtbe weight of a war. »--*—'thecontrary,hasbeenable,withoutharmtohermamwis, rydutytoperform,fortheonlymeansofdevelopingthe will tnfuture solelyhave chargeofthebuildingoftborent to the happy or unhappy results of the experience towhichsheinvitesustoassociateourselves!ButIsballaay pearanceareforthembatarelativeadvantage.These hasbeenadoptedonaprinciple,andwillsoonbepotintoUntitled DocumentThe introduction of musketry en board of tho vessels309 South 4th StreetF13069»d to Italy Itself or to provoke a European crisis, the objeeia necessary for their existence. To attain thUob- 1 , „ , imp. uie great maritime institutionsulton New Ywww.fultonhistory.com"* * --J-* Ts^ — u L t . *V a 1-na.rm tkfcream ectored snare, brongbt d4jr«»*,»» ^optes Mary, another very good looking ewam, _ _|orkhowever, the above number, what are these 340,000 mento do without clothes and shoes, and, above all. withoutmuEktts, powder and balif Their armament is as yet ed specially for men, imchsiMtons. ^ ^ ^ ^ ^ very imperfect, and not mora than 80,000 men in tha ed the street in soch " " J ^ J C ^ S T L women Suchorganized toe marinei in battalions like the infantry; and tbe creations of screws of tbe line, according to the French method, ban been adopted.Moreover, the institution of s> floating school of marine gunners, after that which works so admirably to Toulon,£3553ar-'SE5i=5s used asbandsber st St. James' HalL So long as there are men to stiaptyIf another meeting be held in St James " ^ t * « J .Oder a suggestion to the committee J£^rnonijMwni_ offer a suggestion to the ««M»£"~ ^ l a s t n'tojbithrong- to ha v*Any mention of the wishes of popula-them fetched very good prices some cream ectored mare, orot^bet what Is oonformabie to tho nature of things tn are only advantageous Inasmuch as they San earn practice. The hydrofrraphical and medical servicesThomas M. Tryniski» « « « - - '~ _ _ - h a s * - Caanendre, a very nan-- §