 nnf.WW****Liverpool a n d fourteen for Halifax,butno -mildsadthick,within-diphtheria,andinmanyotherwaysgermane tothesub ject. butwhich wehavenottimetorehearse:thatthis asoney would save snore than paid for the cleaning washing and drying of every street in th e city, m ball room style, b y experienced house cleaners, and would haveleiiahsawnasnebalancefortheerection ofamonu- ment to perpetuate the memory of the occurrence.However thai asay be, let us hope that the slushmaysoonfollowyourreporter'sexample,and,toappealonce 43,66,37,II,75,3,49,65,10,36,13,38. LION,intheoTthyear*£?;£ ofhersonintew'wJ^pSsWon oar rights, hevteg thrust Mr. Cameron upon the Convention. There might bteaching powers are unrivalled and generally acknow- that it originated at the time and wan the result of the re- a speedy decision of tanbe a majority to favor of the resolution, but not such a tedged, has lately nude ss much dally dirt and filth as vival of 1868. Far same months it was largely attended.•anker,ol*»nosnhtyfhsst of Africa, with one thousand oooces ofgold. Thesues are, from Fernando Po,Dec 30; Camerans, Jan 1:Ctd Calabar, 3d Boony, Tth, Lagos 10th, Cape CoasttSh, Assrs, 14th Gape Pumas. 1Kb. Sierra Leone. Slat.untu alter the balloting tor GovernorMr Palmer, of Schuylkill, and Mr Younger, of Lycoming, warmly favored the resolution.Inctrict Attorney Mann, of Philadelphia, w a s opposedthelastfourdays.NewYork has been overflowed. Go where you would, you could see slusn. go whereyou would, you would hear slush, for this nauseous mature was not only over the streets, but was, metaphysicallyts, peri approves generally ot the budget and treaty, bat asks If there n to bo BO, beyond the treatyThe London SeraU cannot congratulate Mr., and oompatns that the two milhoos ofT h eV i r g i n i aO p p o s i t i o nS t a t eC o n v e n* dny,i ofare teapecUuUyUD1A, CHIHA AND JAPaK,Feb U—Evening. ;Cbandl hsn been held to-dnyU A t rreamg pa era Kate that the budget has been •ary mverably reserved tn the city.ThethechoiceofPennsylvania before theChicagoConvention,T o Dealers a n d Importers I n BLA8TIC VTJLCAiriZBD BT7BBBK GOODS.SIX BOTTLB8OF •sattoanyasareatteheTJTV badge* caused a further rise m nnsnols s a c k s a r e a l l a d v a n c i n gRailwaypostpone the consideration of the resolution out of any the mail stismnr Cleopatra has arrived from the West hostile feelings to Mr Cameron, but wanted it postponedKeep Yonr Feet Dry—Nov* Is the Time to use BRuWKK S Composition. No. 4 Beade street.Slnsrer's Sewing Machines, Iter Families, tailor*, aad all ssnnufanturmg purposas, are unequalled They are uapanto of dsshg store work, and of earning more money. than any maehine la market. The family IB11tints at fsu and 676, are saracttiur universal BananasBncharich. 2ntn, TeaertSs, gist. The first of a line of to HT Gaicerrm, and said the people of his district wereNacre* steamers Bitwise Spain and the African coast sr not favorable to him.mad at •erwnado Pooo the1stof January. Trade on the Mr Marshall scouted the idea that Mr Cameron was Miacoastwasdull. TheBritishAdmiraltyCourtatSierra thechoiceofPennsylvania. He(Marshall)could pickala»f bad condemned the brigaabae Roaante for being hundred men In Pennsy Ivania who were a need and aesoped for the autre trade. The war steamer Pluto shoulders taller than him in intellect and sounder on theside of Mr Cameron when h e voted tor M r. Pollack.The question on the postponement of the resolution wasnot agreed to.by yeas 51, nays 81.the original resolution endorsing Mr. Cameron as theACARD -CLINTON, M. T ., FEB. 8.-BOME BAT "BM-cause the price of BARTLRTT't patent Bowing ftrhlnsn 1 tookplaceonMondayeveningoflastweek.Itwasan is.SJJiQBBkCO.4SBBroadway.V.T., latolow—onlygotheycannotbegood"Thaiisaoerror-gays - * a e e the departure of M. Tbouvenel a great change isanktn pace in the relations of the smhmwartors. The has scarcely bad any intercourse with thethoroughfares since the great storm of 1866, when the snow in Broadway was piled up half a story high.Residents tn the suburban regions carried the slush away with them, and approach New York from any quarter wou would, youwere sure to hear the remark'-Terrible walking in N ew York.'1and ferry boats talked about th e slush. Far away up town, people coming down in the Biosmingdale stage or the Yorkville cars, stopped a moment by the conductor to say something about the "nasty streets down town, and s o w e approached N e w Y ork in a perfect atmosphere ofBlush,andwhen we disembarked attheferryorthe Park, w e found a new illustration of the truth of the say- ing, '• What everybody says must b e true.We think that most people would hare been willingto take Broadway as a fair specimen of the streets ofNew York for the few past days. Long and widebefore you stretched the filthy street, along whiihsplashed numberless horses, stages a n d carta, a n dacross which dashed at intervals braces of pedes-trians, bounding like sportive kangaroos, or with the er-ratic leaps of Hying ffsh Let any one attempt to cross,and after journeying five or six squares in order to find aspot which d id n o t suggest hopeless drownings and lossesat tea, let him at Inst launch himself from the sidewalkand. knee deep in slush, perpetually stepping upon slip-gramme:—PART I. Preludeandfugue,mDminorwithpedal obligate—Defiance Salamander Safes—With P a - tent powder proof leeks and cross bars. Also, fire and burglar proof aideboard andparlor safes. Depot 63_Murray.street,gtrtrai conferences with Count LnUemandThe FaencnJ Committee intends imposing taxes on theiof patentsiPrussian Ambassador has expressed himself againstRons, Feb.10,I860.h s proclamation General Goxan expresses the hopethat the Gamrral will paaa off without a n y disturbances Ha Papal government has arrested the supposed landerPASS, Fob. 11,1800. The furlough granted to French soldiers h a s been eas-tt.14 P M—The rentes opened at 87f 80tH$ P M—The market naibeen very dull and henry The resets dosed at67;'. Sac,bang V decline since yes •wdayMannm, Feb. 6,ISflO. Isrersl French vessels hare been wrecked in the wa-was then agreed to b y yeas 89, nays 39.Mr. Lowne offered a resolution that a committee of onefrom each Ctrngreosnonal district be appointed to report a fuH Iwt of delegates at large, and h r districts to the Chi cajo Convention, and that such ewmgates be Instructed to vlBessaunitforMrCameronforthePresidencyMr McClure offered sn a substitute that the Convention elect eight delegates a t large, and that the several districts select their own delegates, with s recommendation to sup port Mr. CameronPending the question the Convention adjourned, near midnight, until th e morning.There at much enthusiasm among the friends of the dif- ferent candidates for Governor Nothing Is definitely known as to who will be nominated, but it will probably be either Curtin or Covode. It is said the former will have the lead by about forty-five or forty seven on the first ballot, and th e latter thirty-three or thirty five on the final selection.Mr. Jordan, the temporary Chairman, is said to favir the chances of Curtin.Fantasia,from the'Huguenots PAST n.btrtiarproofn a n an UBroadway,corner ofMurraytsrs of Valencia.The crews were snTed. anurruw.Hill. Inimitable Hair Cutter—Hatr D y e CHEAP IMPORTID 8HOR8—BLACK AMD WHTTR60eta. Depot Mo.1Barclaystreet. Also sold by all drug raun81ippera.SI gardenShoes, $1,coloredBoot*,made byBate,S3a.blackvelvetVenetianBoots,»1TS. HewstyleArrived atfromN e wY ork,R .Stexkin,a n dIntrepid,Mrs. tVistlow'* Soothing lyrtp,as of bottles are sow ated every year tn the UnitedStates tor children teething, with never falling Re ttef 1——~p*'~ and certain. Only 26Harried.Gsm—EGBERT —At the Reformed Dutch Church, In thevillagecfRichmond,StatenIsland,onTuesday, Feb21, by the Rev. T. R. G Peck, of Charleston, S. C , WILLIJJI H. Gam to MAKUABBT EGBBBT. daughter of the late BarnetEgbert, all of the former placeSCTLLY—NASH —On Sunday, Feb. 19. a t the residence ofthe bride's parents, by the Rev. James Brennan.Mr CoaarsLrrsSCTIJ.Y,lateofCalifornia,to Mis*GBACBAS* NASH, only daughter of Charles Nash. E*i , of this city.Ohio and Canada papers please copy.of shoe Triawadng,isntrseelvsd from Parts. 871 Broadway.EURREA SEWING MACHINES, Price $««.Parties not having full amount can be 1At M. L . HILL 8 ,BtrgsaMat* «r sate at saw Brooai ya.COMMERCTAL 1NTBLLIGEXCE. LONDON MOHBT M A RRBT .F e b . E , 1 8 8 0 .la the London market there w an a good demand for noseyataachangedrates.ConsolsclosedonFridayat wereadoptedby166to22. ss\ farmoneyand94v,a94\ foraccount. Thebullionmfhs Sank of England bad increased £36,000 since theEiJmt weakly return.snrmgs circular quotes bar stiver, is. 2-,d.: dollars,*M. •eaglesnominal atTot.4.1in active, though not pressing de-TbeweeklycourtoftheBankofEnglanddirec- ke up without altering the rate of discount, thegold withdrawal having abated.The rands had been inactive and rather tower, but anThe Convention meets at nine o'clock to-night, for the purpose of electing delegates to Charleston.to celebrate the coming fifteenth anniversary of the asso- ciation in a proper manner The proceedings were con ducted in strict privacy, so that nothing more could be learned than that the celebration promises to surpassany that has yet taken, placeof thethrough tne scuttle, fracturing bis skull. cidental death was rendered.A verdict of ac-feature,> foreignraised, and conaoia advanced '»Y«M*cityarticle,datedFridayevenTAYLOR—RAHBOLPH.—On W ednesday, Feb 1, by thetnct delegates were chosen —First district, Jesse g. Pay ter to those interested, but it was a matter of great injuries received on the day previous. Deceased was en RAXDOLPB, daughter of John B Randolph. allot Brooklyn apptteaooaa- Beware of1one eighthiof the budget. The other•says the tact of no goldton:Seconddistrict.ColJosephWAllen Thirddistrict. Peter J. Clark; Fourth district, Samuel A. Van Saun Fifth district, James A . Williamson. Alternates were also ap pomted. Strong resolutions were adopted in favor of the Union and against the republicans, also in favor of a UnionpartyineveryStateforsapsrate and independentamusementtoourreporter,whosedutyitwastoinspect the streets. To see men carefully Jumping for an availa- ble spot—a little point on which to hang a hope of dry feet—and then to slip off suddenly in ankle deep water, toreviewthe long arrayorladiesandgentlemen drawn ap on the sidewalks and anxiously watting for a chance to erase; to watcha fiery individual dash across In a muddy mat, like a miniature water spout, or one, more sedate,followslowly andwith frequent pauses,witha turkey-on-a hot-griddle movement, quite inimitable. L a dies exhibited dirty skirts and worse hose, and the dear creatures stood disconsolately in the middle of the street, after that brief enthonntm which generally carries a lady about half w ay through an undertaking had tied, and, unable to advance or retreat, flounsbed their handker chiefs and hands to friendly policemen, and waited de-gagedontheroofof141Bowery,beingabouttorepair the chimney, when, in stepping backwards, h e fellBTRUhALL'Soriginalaructea Boldbyas SeasonLACTONAH.THE WORLD'S TOWIC CORDIALfJirTKJOR ATOR. A great blessing to the DTSPRPTlC aad FRRBLR,DlBBOLVBB COWCRRTIOKB tnEIDRETB,BLADDER,sadQALLDCCTS.It Isapproved bv all, bui more aspecally By findinitCOMFORT,SOLACRandHBALTH. WARRABTRD IKNOCRirT.1 have snandasd tee laewmah asatrtteaOy sad tally,andprnn1usesttsslttaly teaaaent efad sstea healthy element*. B BRAKDRETH.KildatSo.*UnionSquare,andataftCanal 60MRS. HATDRN, MO. 1 WAVRRLET PLACE M. Cairsympaihttt and PbjeteiBB. Raanunaaoni for dma hailed busmem at previous , butfewotwhi:hsreofferedfornasi. Railway dull and tending do mward.L m rsrooL COTTON SLAKST.The Brokers Ctresar reports the tales of cotton during I n s w s a t a t T8.0OU b a l e s , i n c l u d i n g 1 6 , 4 0 0 t o s p e c u l a t o r s . Bad 8JOBtorexport. The market opened active, withanhi rasas. The sales of Friday were 7,000 lvHOsnspeculationand tarexportthe sjant,butaiesdy,mihefc^k>eruigauthorvaedqing seventeen counties.5 3 3£xOI1% 7K 7 1 16 «5» « 1 1« «XThestocktoportwasiswmnrdat617,000bales,of 477BTATB o r TOABB in HANCUBHTU. ThesnHssssfrom Maacneaiei'are(avorabie.platform, acknowledging t h e binding force o f t h e deci- sions of the Supreme Court, denouncing John Brown's raid,andchargingitunequivocallyupontherepublican party, presenting Stephen A . Douglas s s th e choice of Michigan and the Northwest, and expressing the belief thathecanandwillsupportthecountry,anddenouncingpUshmeat scarcely leas wonderful than Hannibal's pas- sage ofthe Alps, and both were rendered difficult by the sameenemy,thoughInadifferentshape—towit,the snow. This fact may be valuable to some future historian. But one was scarcely more secure"from a wetting when uponthesidewalk,fortheslushwassplashedinalldi rectlonsandtoalldistances.An occasional dead lock of vehicles, as difficult to dis- entangle as those to Congress In regard to the Speaker ship, that a t t h e Charleston Convention tn regard to t h e candidate, or that marriage knot (which is not what It is cracked up to be), varies the entertainment in Nassauwere examined for th e defence, with th e view of showing that defendant was Intoxicated. and therefore physically incapableofcommittinganoffenceofthenaturecharged. The trial will be renamed this morningTHB EmnALP BBWBVOLSIIT ASSOCIATION.—The sum ofbreadstufls assrket w a s generally firm, vaemng tendeoey, and all qualities Richardson, Spenco At On. report 'arm,butunset,at Ms.tttt M. Wheat arm,butCoroner Horton wasnotifiedyesterdayto hold aninquestonthebodyofLiverpoolLITBBPOOL PROVISION owned, Athya ft Coo., Kteaar Sshttt, report beef steady; stockcounty yesterday resulted in the choice of seventeen noJess ne keeps his books tn phonography So bad are republican and two democratic supervisors. There are the streets that even the firemen take to the sidewalksft Co., and Pork steadyeight mote to be elected tn the city of Syracuse. These stood Inst year five republicans and three democrats.and stretch over their rope—and when didordinarily muddy streets ever daunt these gallant fellows 'Such, for four days, has been the condition of New Y ork. Y esterday afternoon came a brisk ram, adding wet from above to wet below, and increasing the general discomfort. It is s noticeable peculiarity of N ew York awnings, gutters and sheds, let it be remarked, to pout water either upon the top of one's hat or down the back of one's neck. With both wings—head a n d feet—thus attacked, what wonder if most men's centres, like Sterne's Uncle Toby's, gave way, and,* visit to a bar- room,tomixbrandywiththewater,becameafrequentIIBXL Srrr —Hon. E D. Culver, Judge of the Brooklyn City Court, has instituted a suit in the Supreme Court against Supervisors Crooke, Wail and Deivecchio. for libel contained in a n article published under their signatures the day previous, in several of the Brooklyn papers. wherein they charge him with malfeasance in office.Ii.fc tuneral will take place from h i s lat>- residence. 3 4 9 Broome street, on Sin day afternoon, at two o'clock. The friends and relatives of the family, alao the Journeyman Plumbers' Association and members of tne Peterson Light Guard, a r e respectfully invited to attend without further invitationCanada papers please copy.Hii.To.N —On Tuesday, Feb. 21, ALEXANDER STEWART inlant child of Henry and then B. Hiitou, aged 7 months.Interment at Greenwood.HoRToji Suddenly, on Wednesday morniug, Feb 22. ofapoptexy,WOLIABHHORTON,aged3dyears.The funeral will take place from t h e residence o f h i sboldeverywhere. J AP AMESR POLISH OO., eg Brossns street, ens door Won of Breadwwg.higherD i e d .BARTXLS.—On W ednesday, Feb. 82. Mr CRASXSB F. W .BABCTLS, aged 8 8 years, 4 months and 13 days. Thefriendsofthedeceasedandthoseofhisbrotherintew. Mr. H. Bang, are respectfully invited to attendthe funeral,fromtheresidenceofthelatter.No.75Elizabeth street, thus (Thursday) afternoon, at half past one o'clock.CLASS—On Wednesday,Feb.22, EUZABSTH CLARK,re lictoftheateGeorgedark,ateofBath,England, inthe 67th year ofher age.The relatives and friends of the family are respectfully invitedtoattendherfuneral,fromtheresidence ofher son-in law, John J. WirIntend, No. 33 Dominick street, on Friday afternoon, at one o'clock. Her remains will b e in terred in Greenwood Cemetery.**+0*^*mi0*0*0mmm0»m0*0+0+0*0*0ms call for s Union mitliBg ofof the people'sserted the party, and did notdare to After a spirted donate it was familyof Mr. Moore, b y 70ns 76. nays 66.Mr. Cameron was the choice of a largeof theof very contrary uses, t o give h o t o n e tllnstrattan.to the patriotic Twenty se have a tradition that during the Re-oar forefathers used tmortBrt, own.and to settle their enemies hash. J o t as salt, white it preserves the shares in the railroadand stage companies from falling below par, destroys ourA brother offered • and thenThe PBXEIDEHT proceeded to give a brief history of Jhaandhaniltefore*. We bad abstainedrun URUD OFWTASOWB tatcoJyaruetete tee wtgrayandcAwagettto" MOT A D T XTwaBTt rOCR 1Bar tl.Mr. Marshall, of Alleghany, denounced the attempt tohealth, our comfort and our clothinga n d th e sun, whoseorigin of the meetingIt had no written history,H e saidany suits against tnfilugert belief that there would behut w e haveBssjortty as would crush out the voice of the m nortty. He asked the withdrawal of the resolution.Mr. Low tie nfimnl to wmhdrnw I tMr.DarttDRtoo,ofChester;Mr Maxwell of Northamp- ton, and Dr. Lawrence, of Lawrence, sssmisn the resoiu- tton.The Convestton then adjourned till 8 P M.and branched off into several auxiliary meetings, which The death of Judge fniersoU. the tbne tkat oat the ignoble sheet which is named after it, and is pub were heU in the church at different hours. They were out any Swansea, aad the awstensn mjarv Day toOn the roansanasesag of the Cosvention an attempt wa market. made t o keep all but the 1elegates, ftc., from the hall, b uthe building The general prayer meeting w as first in charge or a committee from the Young Men's Christian Association, nnd had in tts progress been con-define our position.law Tosx, Feb. IS,1880.»nUraadM CALLMHDntt* CO... nowst rwrneantenothe crowd forced the door and completely jammed theMas. 67and98Park rowCharles Goodyear, in the Timet of Feb. 10, we give notice that, should any persons, companies or firms be prosecuted by Wil Item .1udaou. upon the false pretence that be has any right or tttlf in such vulcanized rubber goodt ss are and have been claimed by us. they have only to hand over their papers and the management of their defence to Messrs. Blacnford. Seward A Q n s w o i d , o a r c o u n s e l , w h e r e u p o n w e w i l l d e f e n d a l l s u c h suits,withoutcoatoreonditiona.andboldallsuchpersona,<w t—*•wTM"i o n t h e resolution declaring Mr. CameronPurrvance, of Butler, suggested taking up business character before noniiiistinr s candidate tor Be cited the fact that several other States h id done so as s precedent. He believed that there was not a single county hi the State but what preferred Mr. Came- r o n b e f o r e a l l o t h e r s f o r t h e P r e s i d e n c y . H e t h e n d w e l tfines slush as—1st, " a poor, plashy ground." like a youngswamp, or a soggy meadow; 2d, as "soft mud," like thatupon country roads after a long continuance of rainyweather, and 3d, as 'snow in a state of liquidation," andbeen continued without interruption from Its commence ment, on the 22d of February, 1868, up to that hour. It had no written history in the sense that it had not been put in type and on paper, for Its history was doubtless re- gistered tn Heaven sad on multitudes of happy hearts. Its history wss a history of prayer and praise, of requests p r e s e n t e d f o r t h e b e n e f i t o f t h e i m p e n i t e n t , f o r t h e o l dHewTarl. Fail dtteetAGREAT FISH8BACCBV-IRBH MCIHBOOM CATWTJT, (genuine*—A cw will be aald at half oaat ef imponauon, ttj esata JOHJf MeAtrLIPFg, tf Maasau street, Agent tor Who's celebrated IranB a l l y s w e a t e d , p e r a m p > W Wl "i l l i a m taiK-not AntjuaHtyIrakGen of aontheclaimsofMrCameronfortheoffice,andhhtpoUti TV aerouAtiocs for the French treaty have been cai course for the met twenty years.hand today H er Majesty appointed Lord Cowley General Purvmace was trequently applauded during hisaad Mr Cobden joint plenipotentiaries. One of speech.General Negley, of Pittsburg, said that he would haveaw iiaesichss from Lord Cowley t o Lord John to vote against th e resolution, although h e paid a highgavel! compliments Mr. Cobden on hat active ex compliment to Mr. Cameron, and said that Allegheny sorts of swill stuff sre added.arhtwa. and both plenipotentiaries were honored By her Majesty's entire approval of the manner In which ffjsy brought the aagotiaikma to a successful s n e .county had good reason to be proud of himJudge Bale, of Centre, favored Mr. Cameron, as afriend of the interests of Pennsylvania.tfr Nevins said that be did not make the motion toThis, then, is New York slush. Nature furnished thesnow and the sun;the transportation companies—whoshould betransported—gave the salt and the mud butwhen w as New York without mud* With this slush, for men made brief and appropriate addressee, and numeroussuits have yet been brought to Niw TORK, Feb. XI. 1860.hearingHORACE H.DATALAXAflDKR H A T .tariff.tVies of "Question,' -Question."Mr. Mamma denied the charge that Mr. Cameron votedvat reported to hare been taken a prise on the SoothSana with 900 SISTSS. [Probably the Orion, already re-sorted.*AtusstrhfromConstantinopleFab.4,viaTrieste. forMr.Biglerfor(Governor,andsaidthatheatoo1bythe tropolishasnothadsuchimpassable,mushy,horriblei null— itnr who had frequent conferences withInternuncio. Sir Henry Bulwer has had choice of Pennsylvania before the Chicago Conventionof College pace.T h eiBtttaC vsnttsn.State Con-CHICAGO,The Wisconsin Democratic State Convention met at Madi-son to-day.' m. 'I'Resolutions endorsing the course of Senator Douglaspery places, or down pits almost bottomless, elbowed by 1 vate meeting was held at the Westchester House yesterthaiinevitablemiddleaged.stoutman,whoalwayscrosses; dayevening, by theExecutive Committee oftheClaywhen you do, and in constant danger from rampant cart j Festival Association, for the purpose of taking measuresa feehng o f politicallof tnebet- action. Hon. Mr Harris, M. C , of Maryland Hon. Jos.at 171rntheemoountmarkettherewas t h e demand continued active a tF Randolph,andCol.PeterJ.Clarkaddressed theCon rentton, and were enthusmsttoally applauded.Batesof sew Alburgen at Tts., aidansyast and setrre long middles 48s a Ms short d». A Fracas between Philadelphia Lawyers. •Is.sam.Cumberland 47a. a 46s. Lard t r m a t SAs. a PsiLAUBxran, Feb. 22,15«0.PROGRESS VBH8TJ8 RO0TTXRVtCBRf'S CUD LIVER OIL JELLT, Paaaad AagwaaJ. ISM,la the only remedy for eonsuaipuon s a g aL coughs. It iQTJBRCS JRLLITIRD CASTOR OIL, I Tubehadof thetoTentor,134Povte avesuae,aidaSrttable druggau. FRRFOLD, PARKER 4 MOWER, 14 ]RCf HTON'S P ASTILLES, O R TROCHES,For all dtessnss e f th e Tbrok-Brooeains. Catarrhal anoetteas. For sate at RCSHTuB'SIs. Batcher's gen. soThe brokers circular reports ashes m large speculative wastry ashnof 1 J M b b h a t Ms. a30s. for pott, a n d a m t t l i ad for pearta. Shgur ejemt. CWfce sandy Ihn tu»t, and all qonitttes shgtttly tower. Philadelphia**MJ» a m.»d. Cod wl. £36: npsnri ol,£»3a £84 10s. tttBwRfJBEiau, *sa» SBJSSVT• (MlI ejwjs^wBWUenW ttBsuBssssnfVU. XBA^BSUA M y common, 4s. 6d., medium, «s 9d. a 6t. 10d.. me. Mb. Spvtts terpentine easier and more active atsm. 66. a 36s. 6d. Tea very nrm. ivery ILONDON MARKBTS.wLnStt. TallowArmat66s31.aY erk,£9ias.6d. a £ 1 0 . sd,«s.6d.a17a.*LDuring thehearing of a hbei suit to-day, instituted by the editor o f the i>esmt«4wsawn» against t h e ftisrtap Atim, a fracas occurred between Robert Tyler, rnnrosfinnnr th e former, and lames- C. T an Dyke, counsel for the latter. The police interfered, preventing a serious collmonThe (inestlon of the Dissolution of the CannsHnn TJaatem.BKCTAI tonwasnotifiedonTuesdayeveningthatacolored woman named Silvia Miller, was lying in a dying condition at herRICHMOND, V a , F ebThe Opposition State Convention assembled here to-day,and is largely attended.Mr. Janny of London, was chosen President..which hare fallen in might have been far betteremptvyedthaninanabetesnantof duties on French ar Thespeechesthus(ararestrongly Union, andin oppo- murely their "taking off.' Neatness and comfort werePolice Intelligence.8TABBHIG AFFRAY —David Frank, a German, residing atsition t o a Southern Conferenoe.The address of th e National Executive Committee w a slaid before tne Convention. Noimportantbusinesswastransacted.Over one thousand delegates are registered, representtorney street, got into a dispute in the slaughterhouse of the latter in Stanton street, on Tuesday last, when Frank, it is alleged, drew a knife and stabbed his antagonist in the face, inflicting two serious and frighful (ashes. Frank was arrested and hold to answer, by Justice Brennan, in 61,000 bad.Brooklyn City News.THB LAJIHXRTSON Caan—The trial of Lambertson w a sXXR, wife of Dr. F . H. Clark.Her funeral will take place on Friday, at twelve o'clock,from herlate residence, No 28 University place. Her relatives and friends a r e respectfully invited te attend without further notice.CVKRY—Ou W ednesday, Feb. 22, JABK ALBXASOBB CTHRV , of consumption, in the 21st year of his age.The friends of the family are respectfully invited te at- tend the funeral, o n Friday afternoon, a t t w o o'clock, from h is late residence, N o . 102 High street, Brooklyn.DOASK—On W ednesday, Eeb. 22, DCOLBY B., SOU of Chares N and Elizabeth A.Doane, aged i years and HIA TENTEDNOVEMBER 1. 4004CS 400UaXT h eM i c h i g a nD e n a o e r a t l iDrrnorr, Feb. 22,I860.The Democratic State Convention for the election of delegates to Charleston assembled in this city today Geo. Y.N.Lothrop,exSenator Stuart,Geo.W.Peckand P. H. Riley, were elected delegates at large, and eight Danrict delegates were elected to th e Charleston Conven-continued In the Court of Sessions yesterday, the attendance being as numerous as the day previous. The evi months.HALLOr BROTHERS', PATRHTRD LMPROTRD2*2, I860.C o n v e n t i o n .KEWYORK HERALD, l Ehorses or stage steeds drivers. with that careful attention The New/Jersey lalon State Convention. whicn always characterises omnibus drivers, beforeTRKSTON. Feb 22, 1800. you reach Uw opposite shore yeu will have conceived a j TheStateConventiocoftheNationalUnionpartymet livelyideaotthepatienceofanoldNewYorker,whoen-jto dny. It was largely attended. Louis Condict. of Mor dures all this without trying to remedy it, and endures,R. BCRD8ALL8ARNICA LlRlMRjrTris, w a s chosen President The following delegates to th e National Convention in Baltimore, were elected at large —besides, a pack of officials whose only well attended dutyFATAL Acnnxjrr —Coroner Gamble held a n inquest y e s terday. at the new York Hospital, upon the bodyof Michael Kelly, forty-nine years of age, who died fromis the drawing of their salaries and other things.I, when n was found that the Bank Joseph F Randolph, James Bishop. The following lis Tne crossing of Broadway, then, was no laughing matRheumaoam, Briar-Rev. E. L Taylor, Eromrs M. TAYLOB to MABY SSEXY Pain tn the Side or Breast. Sore aa, yteteteatbabedjustacrosstheway. On Saturday lastwe had a Onesnow,andwith this raw material the sun andthe salt together have succeeded to manufacturing a primedesignated,"TheBustneesMen'sPrayerMeeting," which was held from Z& to 4Jtf o'clock; "rheBoygPrayer Meeting," which was held in the basement from 12 to 1, at the same time that thegeneral prayer meetingwasourrights,baredstsrsttaedustowansolonger, andto cute aDlafrmaert on our rights, including every person w hassold,orcoatlnuest->selLinvtetattonofourrichta,thegot tfurs—id, purchased from Dny or ass tanils, or baring1 stamps.article of 11000—1110 best ever offered Inthe New York being held m the audience room. There was a Wedonot wishtobewaiststeed as toHrtthig sssswasnstfemale prayer meeting held in another part of make any arrangements with us but we deem tt our dutyCHABXJH OOODTlAB, WILLIAM JCDSONFor four days, then, New York has been under thereign ofslush, and. infact, under the slush itself. And ducted by different oommittees. As the revival spiritNew Y ork slush, Just a t this time, is totally unlike a n y subsided the auxiliaries were discontinued, a n d the at-that our country cousins can imagine. Worcester de tendance upon thegeneral meeting lessened; but it had Referring to the sard of William Judson, alto signed by or postage attwaps.byt h a t I s a l l t h e s l u s h a b o u t w h i c h o u r r u r a l i s t sknow anything. But New York slush is a sort of com- and young, for sons and daughters, for husbands and companies or firms sarmtess against any and all clahnsof Wm Unitedwires, for the sick and dying, for the tempted and be- Judaou.pound mixture of all these—pooly, plastry, muddy, snowy reaved , for th e poor and ignorant, for ministers and mis - Nothing in this than be deemed to relates infringers from reand unutterably nasty, unhealthy and disagreeable, while, BIOcanes, for the city, the country and the world. In sponaibUny for tnfrtngmg our adjudicated and establishedAT WHOLESALE FOR CASH OWLY—DEMOS. PAJjrML Qua, ChanImli, A c P . D. ORYIB, 1B»rA COMMTBBIOWBa O F DnRDB O F A L L ' _ Lawyer, notary PahBs aad U.8. PIs EDWARD BUBTflLL, 171 awnsawny. street. Mew Torn,ACAhD.-THR QRBAT DaMTAL HfPROrgMgwr O T Dr. LKVJJTT8 Atmospheric Plates for Aruttttai Teeth. so highly recommend* < m tee Medical Qazstte, la patfraiodandcanonlybeobtainedinthiscityat Ho.13 f'svaHnrahas. near Broadway. " ' "to make bad worse, a great deal of brine and plenty orallconclusion, Mr. Janes asked hishearers to pray that the anion meetings might he continued with increasing power and usefulness to the and of time.The meeting was than announced to be opened for re- marks by those present, with especial reference to the answers which were obtained tn response to the prayers of thefrequenters ofshe meeting A number of gentlesignal conversions were reported0'City Intelligence.LABOS OXGA-V—An exhibition of a large organ. whichrightstotieexclusivemonopolyofthesegoods. Allreapeota- ble mercbanta now s e e their safety tn uaine Day's License Stamps, the security under which bis been amrmed in aboutall the drains of the united Mates, except California, where nospeaking, tn everybody's mouth.street where the railroad or stage, companies held rule, and a pretty pickle youwere tn. Attempt to cross any other street, and y o u m e t with scarcely better success.at a discount, a n d comfortless nastinesa reigned supreme; ana over all, theCity Hall, as dirty as the streets,and filled with official slush, looked jaundiced)y a n d forlorn.By yesterday afternoon, however, Broadway above Chambers street was swept and garnished for the civil and military display, and looked more decent; but. at no time, perhaps, was the slush so deeply, damnably bad upon Broadway as upon those narrower, but hardly less travelled streets fcircumacent—Greenwich and Nassau for instance, or Went and South. In these streets, tra- versed b y countless stages, carts, wagons, and heavily loaded teams, and with pavements s o t s o smooth even s s that of Broadway, the snow first melted In great deep pools a n d then gradually assumed t h e appearance o f221Fifth street,andLeopold Bloom, residing at 150At- CLARK—On Tuesday evening, Feb. 21, Mrs. ELUAGAB- %Uwhenabsent, tt.Mobile Cpicmd. tisn. Reaolnttons were paseed reaffirming the Cincinnati whipped cream. To cross these streets was an accom Jence of the prosecution was closed, and two witnessesDROSTE.—On Wednesday, Feb. 22, CAM.A. W . DttosrsThe relatives and friends of the family are respectfully invited to attend the funeral, from N o. 32 Second avenue, this(Thursday)afternoon,athalf-pastoneo'clock. The remains will be taken to the Lutheran Cemetery for in terment.Evans—At 27" Mvrtle avenue, Brooklyn, on Wednes dny,Feb22.FRAXKH.EVAXS,sonofFelixEvans,agedMADR TO ORDRR OSTLTAVBALLOfFS, 1 400 RROADWAT,SOLSINVENTORS A M D PATRMTRRS 409RROADWAT. —•ran, andthere wasincreased demandforgoods the presentandpastStateadministrations, TheConven- tion was very full and harmonious. The delegates were6600wasrealizedbythelateannualballofthisassocia-tion Theamount h to be handed overtothe Boman 2yearsand4months.ikirmvooL BRBAD«rrrrrs MARKBT.ad a tts ltd white, 10s.a IU. «d. Com -*. 6d.a34s.elected b y acclamaUon, and the resolutions were unani- mously adopted.The relatives and friends of the family are invited to attend the funeral, on Friday afternoon, at two o clock, from th e residence of h is parents. 277 Myrtle avenue. . ,FAMSHAW.—OnMondayevening, Feb.20,Damn.Fas SHAW, in the 72d year of his age.The friends of the family are invited to attend the 'une- ral, at bis late residence, corner of Third avenue and Nine- avenue, near Schenck street. She w as 30 years of age ty Brat street, this (Thursday) afternoon at three o'clock.and leaves a family. GIBSON.—Ou W ednesday, Feb. 22, SOLOUOS GIBSONTowns Elections In Onoadsgs County.Svaaccsa, Feb. XI, I860. street, and gives an opportunity for more oaths and juries sustained by the explosion of a fluid lamp which£ 409 f " CALL AND SEE OCR KMPORItJM OP FASHION. •PRRRT'S JAPARRRRBOOT AMD SHOE POLISH.SPLENDID GLOSS—MO RCBBIMG—SOILS NOTHIRO.Mr?. Susan Gordon, who died the morning previous, of in- The town elections in nineteen towns in Onondaga curses than his Satanic Majesty can record in a month she was engaged in filling. Deceased resided in Flushing'*-A rery lengthy address from the Reform Association1 m thit morning s Globe, advocating a dissolution The only person who seemed toenjoy, or reap any be-vere contusions about the head, and marks of violence on day morning, at 10 o clockother parts of her body were found Herdepositionwas jowiws.—In So'ithueld, Staten Island, on Wednesday, Broadway, Barclay aad Canal1'the anim nnd the aatsbhshment of two or more pro 1, a central authority t o a dto the whole country, and aof m New/ California Kin- sassy*S. T- Feb. 21 1660. TheCentralCaliforniaandPike's'PeakExpressCompany yesterday. W . H Russell w a s elected Presi-full board o f officers, of which W m B WndoeU, AJexandor Mftjors, John & Janes, J B. SimpsonandB T nckiinareprominent members. Thenew the entire material of the Pikes will perform the mail and expressnefit Irom the slosh—except the innumerable street sweepers, who did a first rate business on a remarkably small Investment of capital a n d labor—was th e Russian Ambassador, recently arrived, who has discovered a plan, suggested b y the railroad companies, of transform leg Russia into a second Holland tn case of invasion, b y salting the whole country, thus, also, in Bowery slang, ••tailing"the invaders andonlywonderswhyitwasn't doneinthetoneofNapoleon leGrand and,also,anen- terprising calculator, a friend of ours, who has it dowuv in those figures which never lie—and o u r readers may calculate it far themselves, if they please— that themoney expanded during the last four days, on account of the slush, tn extra car and stage rides, in extra shoes, boots and India rubbers, in extra washings of soiled apparel, and in purchases to replace that whichtaken, from which It appeared that on Saturday night last her husband, Townsend Miller, knocked her down and kicked her while prostrate She lies in s very low state. Her husband had made his escape.True LOBBY Cosotrrncs.—The President of the Common Council has appointed Aldermen Cashaw, Franks, Furey, SmithandWalter,acommittee te proceedtoAlbanyand lookafterBrooklyninterestsFeb. 22. ASTBOICY JOHNSON, aged 75 years. 7 months nnd &days. *The relatives and friends are invited to attend the fune- ral, a t St. Andrew's Church, a t Richmond, Staten Ltiand, on Friday afternoon, a t one o'clock.LMMBTT.—On Wednesday, Feb. 22, ADAEvnujrs, only child of Samuel R. and Rebecca Leggett, aged 1 year ana 2 monthsEUfcHTOS'SCOD LIVER OIL,FOR(XlttBTJMTTIOB"EE7VS LOKDON rOKDIAX GIN gWJOTI THB CO con-thirty-seven piH•nsrrysanre to the seal awls vocabulary, " iry up "'The dny before yesterday a mound w a s erected inBroadway, near Eighth street, which attracted consider able attention from passers b y It was made in the shape of a grave, with a false face at one extremity, a pair of dilapi lated boots at the other, and the foliowing inscrip- tion in the niiddJe>-"To the Common Council, in memory of departed Cteanlinent. A simllsr mound w a s o b -attne northwest corner of Broadway rt,withspieceof hoard atthehealin of a tomb stone, contusing the following attemptand wit:—1 BOOT m u d , w o k n o w h i m w e l l . Brand way.•warn and wash meetonn, 1 assured of m y dirty face,That fnr once snore I can h e seen, And sare this a t y from disgrace.Broadway,passing the wav stopped to gase at this monu-ment to municipal dirt, and many a hearty laugh wan en- joyed a t the expense o f the authorities.Calendar—This D a w ._ Cor/nt—Part l . - N o s iT T , 276, 683,441, 607, 691.603, 6Ul,tv7. 607)j, 606, M l, ft9», wU, ftU, tli.Part %-.Same as before.The friends of the «Bst«y, *•» Mullen, are tewnsa •widow of Cotaoftua, aged 80 y Men ef Ntata Cattle, K YTne frteods and relatives o finvited to s&nad bjae tenasuL, from the rnshssaoe of her Bsahvavw, leaasn Woteh,No «47 Grc*wis3h street,am Friday afternoon, a t one o'clock.8ALLjTAa.-tu8rosklyn, * Monday, f * . » , • * • » -16136torred.laaro at 43*a •Oa»l8 7*. WhiskeyUntitled Document22,1860.Attempt to cross a n yresidence tn Navy, near Johnson street. The Coroner, drunk in new York city yesterday, by unaccustomed accompamel by Surgeon Ball, visited the house, and onoccurrence* W e believe thattherew a s moreliquortn oonJnBBBOtj wan that to was tpoi ed in contributions to street sweepers; in wear and tear of horse tleeh, in liquors in medicines, either10 cureactualcolds oraspreeaauont againstthedreadedGALWITMr and MrsK B Dnggaa MrandMrs1 wtea.Mrand John's,NF.-W W Nugent, W HSwow AND RAIN VS. BALLS AMD PAJBTLEB.- Lawns* u n a Bibber Baste and Bsoas of sBmraa, far ^"Sdraln.whitesaun.USsad ttaaaQsttrTsw. •* Slipperslorbedsand sarttss,ntJ.R.aUEUKRa OOTt,SsT CatalirmO THB LADLES OP A X nsrosasttenofthn..Febsailed at aeon, withhas just been built for St. George s church, St. Louis, Mo.,occasion of great interest to the lovers of good music, and they were not disappointed m their anticipations. The organist on the occasion, Mr. George W . Morgan, of Grace16U Fulton street. Brooklyn, and all who have that idea will b e omvtneed differently whoa' tbey see them work, a e would reooaunend all to ezaashnLasrion Club Banco.—This I nrlvnlled these before purchasing—Editor Tineatained of their agent tn this city, A . J. P A B U B IS BeekmanStill, some persons lay all the slush upon the salt, and the church, brought out the full power of harmony in this sweet. Thia article is superior to the Woroastsrsbire sauce, ASTCWIKHIXOLT CHEAP SROARS—FROM 14 TO Bgfsalt hath lost its savor to most Gothamites. The greatme- splendid instrument, lie played the following pro and can be obtained at sne half the price.per thousand, cash. Wholesale buyers aao sad oanaten. ORLAHDO CHJtEKg, rj Broadway.AT B4 80-DOCaUt BOLE WATERPROOF aWPSBW BootaaiJONRB 10and13Annstreet,aasatK Prone*. cnlfdressBcote. M. B.-Call and see a w n . ^ ^ABILLIARDTOrRHAMasTT.-aa.C.BIRD,OP PHI ladeiphia, J . N Watts, WUhnm Lane and Dudley Cave- natch, of New Tort, will play match games on Thursday, aha23d instant commencing at 11* P . M., at theCoteries in the carsOverture. "Die Zauberflote Air,extempore•tverture, "Oberon"National airs, with pedal obligateRooms, 1*0 Fulton street, near Broadway, on 1 1 Everybody Could be I'sefnl a n d Happy Thepublicaretnvteed.Thema. with variations, in A., op. 4" Pedalfugue,inDminor.G. W . Morgan Mr. Morgan fully sustained his nigh reputation as an or-ganist. Hewas listened towith the most marked atten- tion by a very critical audience, composed of th e musical ihtt of the city, only Interrupted by then- frequent de- monstrations of delight. The correctness, ss well asthe rapidity and brilliancy of his execution, produced the most wonderful effects, while his perfect command of the pedals cannot b e approached b y a n y other professor in the country. The organ is of the first class, and is re markable for its superior sweetness and purity of tone. It has three full sets of keys from C C to G, and two octaves of pedal pipes, from (: C C. It is contained in a handsome Grecian case, corresponding with the church, 27 feet high, 21 feet wide, and 11 feet deep, and has 36 stops. The builder, Mr. Henry Erben, has introduced some new and valuable improvements. This gentleman's organs are s o well known it is needless to commend them, a s they literally speak out their own praise. The one which be has just completed for St. Louis will bear a favorable comparison with the best he has ever built.A.TvrvsBaABT o r THi HmrBT CLAY ASSOCIATION.—A pri-by the SOLEAOKA r m o r AT Sricma—WilliamElisabeth street, attempted to commit suicide on Tuesday morning by swallowing a large done of arsenic Officer Farleyconveyed nunto thestation house, wherethe physicians succeded in removing the poison from hisBurke,Btumach andplacing him outof danger. signed for the attempt.residingNocause isas-Catholic Orphan Asylum.i ITAL Accmwrr raoM Braxixc FLCIDAXD PROBABLYFATALASSAVLT.—CoronerHor-Tonoarto, Feb. 22,1860. •rinkers, than on any other day for the last six months. examination found two of her ribs broken, several se brother, Charles A Horton, No. 5J Lairens street, on Fri-Mendelssohn....J S.Bach MeyerbeerMozart .G W.MorgaiiIT M. PATRICK. lerrlng's Patent Champion SireSauce manufactured by Parker, Bret .London, can be ob-Principal BatearocsB. 4 g Broadway, BT T .Weber if tbey had the proper oeeupaUoc, and knew bow to controltheir paattoaa and use their talents to the bjnt advantage. A correct pareootoateal sawattanttna as given at FOWLER A WBLLtv, » t i Broadway, is just what is needed by mote perBarry's Trtcopherons is the Beat aad Sheapeta article tor aswaWag, Soaiiufylng, else—lag, eurnag, preserviag and 1 tact lug the hair. Ladies, try a bold By aLBatebelor's Hair Dye, Wig and TenpatKA VAJtAOH A FRERMAH. 140 Fulton street, > . T .BOSTON AKD PORTLAND RRBOSK OIL. A full supply on Bead aad far satThe relativesandfriendsarerespectfullyInvitedtoat-COCKTCALXSDAR.—Kings County—Special Term.—Nos. tend the funeral, this (Thursday) afternoon, at two ^TJRHTONSQritXRMI^AlKB^ ^^^0 17,69, 79, 81—Brooklyn City Court—Nos. 20,34,35,47, o'clock, from the residence of her grandparents, No. 13 J ) tmmediami} '—"'f^^ZE? ^threat mama. Ma60,61,62,67,68,^,8"0I, 6 $ 66, 06,18, 22,26, 82, 6,10. South Tenth street, Brooklyn, E D. Sweettloweroflove,wewouldhavekeptthee,^^^ i i lit• j » a a t nsnDaiKw. BnJB w awsa«sea^ ssprawnwasaaanwmswAWAandBeadaene.•"=*•""•£ «,*,-..Dravrtnnsrtea, waOD, hJJlDf * CO., MaaagntThomas M. Tryniski 309 South 4th Street Fulton New York 13069www.fultonhistory.comand Departs*!-**.ABRIVALS.Frtete Albert—W Crawford Gore,em, Wm Veal. J Parson, John Mitchell, Flannery, Mr and Mrs Arflaatroag,Freeman aHButler,CandJU%rd Sl6tethe steerage. From8t Mewaaan,C8Uoaaol;Ueonhsatey,M 8 O Arohibald-and two in theThat thou might 'si have cheered our (now sad) home, But God ban decreed that that thou should si leave us, To dwell with Christ, where narrow cannot come.Boston papers please copy.MCFADDRS.—On Tuesday mornmg, Feb. 21, after a toegandt^iniulillness,whichsheborewitbChristianusefor tttade.MARY MCFAUDSS,aged66years,a nativeofthe county Sbgo, Ireland.Her friends and relatives, also those of ncFndden, a r e respectfully invited tosdff £?to,»lSSuS a^eartato 1the Delaware State Lotte- fromherlateresidence,No 49Mottstreet, jaft^"J^ farthe afternoon, at two o'clock. Her 1uawtes wm » • - —DsssTWAsa, ciAnn, cnonoiA, KBITTOCKT AJW nistocai STATSCalvary Cemetery for interment ^ ^ j , ^ . M'CILLIOH.—On TInueensdnay, *•»• » . • * * " * * ^PBXAWABB laiaBii CLASS, Mo. 89. PSBBDASV M, 1860.DnLAWAJta Ctitts Me. 90, FssnuABT 8 , MM.7, 62, 56, 19, #57*6, 63, 69, 2, 64, 38, 11, 75.- teat trm of eaarge bv sowrsastogWOOD. MUDT A CO., WUaalagtoa, Dataware.j funeral, from her this (ThsBBday) af-"ij»-^^i;%ai.riwjiy;y.'.r-1 .iin»i»,anii.«<j"*.-"i CTJRETOURCORKS AHDTOTJR PAnt BT DR GRATYS 1Stearic Oil. For sate by BARUMS A PARR, 13 aad W Park row, sad all druggists sod sealers. Prise Baa,, Sue s a t $L Depot, r^llsdeipHs, P a .Agents wasted.IMPOBTANT TOTAILORS AMDThe Grover « Baker Sowiag a trodused a new and superior Shuttle speed, with latest SaproTemeaU: price Broadway, Mew Torn, sad at 183 FultonACHMB AMD PAIRS thai human flesh it heir to. Ka v^teout equaLRAddress D. J. LRTY,IJ lapreparedbycombiningarnicawttha penetrating vegetable oil. For all thej . a . B R C R D A O B * 0 0 - aaa.a»saA8EaW»hFsln.3 409 AND WARRANTED TO PIT. .-THRFRENCH YORK 8HUC18,ndeaesot bnadrada wae are using aea asnnjg OM« fru»dTrm1ipsids»^uaR^*^^-^'g*,1'lf Tlief si m i Hudson street and by satest BU-rj^QRTH RBQtw^^y^aate\wwnhnatc asntwaw awatlfsu 