 10VISIT TO THE TOMBS.NEW YORK HERALD,TUESDAY,APRIL 10^1860, - TRl PLE SHEET. tin newTsObin,asamended at Uust•sa*Oar re- porter asked him if he baa ever killed s aaaa to his terestt.tjLltrrlewwttfc Jaltsmaa^Hla knowledge. Hesaidhs"dttaHknewthatbehai,but he had popped away at a good many." We ruggwted that Oompany B aad iol. Bnrdea must bars belonged to same regiment, but he remarked that he didn't remem- ber its name; all he could recol'ect was that 'they did moat of their fighting oa thaw own hook—sometimes on foot sad sometimes sa cavalry, travelling a good many miles a day, aad having a pretty rough time. ' He aa drkampsoasQuarantinebill,werepassed.Both houses are in full blast this evening, passing billsralsecondhandbales.ForsaislowByC.J.UaYHR, Mo.Cwaelitiom trf tlse FsusalB I BmBWt*tBB-Im-100widen L . ^ BARBCHANUB,IFAPPLIBOFOB8OOM-$1,390Wffl parabtat the batlnsaa, maehinary and BXtnree for lafttttarmg patasttd aitleiea: two valuable patenia in- eluded. ItaaTeinytm_8atasatiiBj 1aasasstaraamag. la-quke at J» Brnea ttrsat, Bswark, B. J.Bowen, Hasbroack & Co. are exceedingly jubilant thisevening, having secured the passage of their pet awasure.navy are aaw among the largest men i n this locality. the bavsuatenU Apply at bi cuffygjtTJB' arOKMATIOa; PCHJWQ,. gAT 11 Bnyasaeaatt h e w e l l k a o w n a n d o l d broker. 11 ~F-OADWAT.Skill lm tits CB^mawm Taa*mua--va»yers tm tha l^bby-War mt Wards Ba-lite new Metropolitan Police bill cams up in the House.Mr.Callicotmovedto recommit tt. Lost,by a strict party vote. Itwas then readthe third time and passed— yeas its, nays 29.Moderate VaJita •* Hlliikftir Ijmsmvstamettt afTwosfL renter, ye-exd*1-* ' • " • J * - ^« me Tembs is this cur, 'or the p«rpo» ganarally * wmaessm* it* working <* *»• BBBSSBUBB, « d P * * ° * # ra f M M t i i e o a v e t a t s g * » » A l b e r t m a s a , a b a s J o b a - ec. Jw\snB^ao^,»wBlttofB*trml oa thaehargast; ...rs*r earn piracy arising out o f the tragic dream MMCM e ftbe sloop 8P**X Of the generalB a r , «f(c«OUB BT1C1AL AXBANT DSjSPATCtt.Msto m r stack. Everything m the DMt perfectMr Jones reported the bill t o carry paneagers and the metropolitan press before they comnfcnce their labors. two mills per passenger into the city treasury.The five gridirons were brought up ia the Senate on third reading. A large number of amendments w«resTatVASBAU BTaKBT.-A. HOKIQMAM. DlAMOUrt A . Broker and fmaamana Vmehant, advaaeas ataoev »M t t # f t b e prtoen i t to searoelyI«1IB-TmsCtt-twtta T w t Mambara-ToU Maaliary B U I IVawt—BUlSBUI—Twas a a t deater The court yard I H clean, and the preparationsktr pasting the grass plat far advanced. Mot a apeak o fdirt was asy where to be seen, and it war plain, at a stogie soner, he stated that when at Valparaiso, South America,offered by several Senators, such as Axing the fare at kocda is me Fonrieeath Ward; 1400 Kill purchase lease, stockthey would have relied upon the New York dailies for the three, four and five cents, and providing for the stage and futures. 0a'lj reeeipa fhj. cheap rent aopti a l 547 andallamdsotghtsee, that the MMl admirable dtotiptine n fally at * n turned at every part ef the building.THE KIM AUK DEPABTMKNTk at present very fairly stocked with occupants, th»gitat Bsajortty ef whom are inebriates of the lowest or- der. Many ef the women BOW imprisoned there hare croitto be regular dene-ens of the place, and have beea re often discharged and recommitted thai the ia-ly matron has become perfectly familiar with their faces.The unfortunate women appeared to be altogether ieeea mbie e f Iks disgrace which they hare brought upon tkeatserves by the ceeunuous indulgence of their corrupt •ppettttw. The most o f them, when Brst brought m by the touee, are form t to be so thoroughly inebriated thatie*y Save to be coeined m aeparate cells until the returne( reasas, o r rather cooa:iousness, readers itpeaiiaie W release then from snoh close Incarceration.Tbey are then seat into a large enter apartment,•l*nmg .ato a yard, where their imprisonment is conn-deraary ameliorated, inasmuch as they are free to con talked "too big Spanish" for him t o converse freely;newt of tbe day.I see that the JHtnuu has made insinuations against theAOHaKfR BBLPOM MBt WI»H.-FOR BALK. OHB of the brst Coal Tarda hi me city, la in a good location, sompletely piaaked and all unasr cover; ws^sing ute.aii<AT THOMPSON A OO.'B. BROEBan) AMO OOSBfl STOE mercbaeta, 103 Hassan street, earner e f • taNet 2 and 3, second fleor, advane* aaoaef frost $110 sk/tuBverse with eae aaotker sad te pass around the merry•the, as hmg as they do not exceed the limits of decencyaad propriety m some eases of inveterate addiction totebacoo, (he soothing euseoiauon of a pipe * not prohi- that to some extent at least he was acquainted with thethey would have had twenty two votes to night.Law and Weed were both in the lobby. There was abited These remale prisoners vary in their ages from•wry to arty k> girls who have not yet completed theirtwentieth year Some of them appear, haggard, dornsnutand Bttkly, while otk/rs are as comparatively brightend kvery s s could, under their circumstances, be ex- proaching trial, Hicks manifested no unwillingness to con peeted . When questioned as to the effect upon them* v•••••* verse generally upon the topic, but when questioned as toFOB SALB-IN BROOKLYN. A T A BARIUM. tbe 8tock and f'uUttuurres of a Shades. For particulars in qtireon tbe {.rcimaea, »o. 100 Potion atreetETOK SALE—AN OLD K5r ABU8HKD GROCSBT AND F Liquor Stnre. in the Fourth ward, A S regards time and particulars inquire in the store, 34 aadiaonstreet, near lame*Bfreqnently anditcom seems1".willbeagoodwhilebefore1getoutoithisplace.'' Weaskedhimifhehadheardthereportthatoneoftbebodies had been found. 4a artinstant his manner under-went a change, and with a tone of voice expressive ot taigreatest interest, he inquired, "How'' When did you hear it with thai sumcaOR8ALE-A BCSTXESSINTHEMRDIC!ALLIBIE.r «her« the business tact rather than medioal agqulremeate willenterd'beprosperityofibesame,andwhichrequiresa<> extra capital for lnvestmem. Apply or address 561 Broadway fourth tioor,room 4.LOST—THB PkBSONWHOCalXEOOSMO»n»f; at gas Broadway, with a lost Breastpin, is relocated ta callagain,andinquiref.rMrsihiuipseet n d meet desperate battles that stay look KWSflOMTHESTATECAPITAL eioa, passed the Bouse this afternoon—yeas SI, nays 23. AW B SALE.place, over three thousand Mexrcam andTbe act to incorporate tbe Zoological ana Botanical So-ciety, i n connection with tha Gen ral Park, amo Dr. cure for>lat«. jewels Ac. agaiaaareand bargla«ra\«) i«ve- j $J*| I Jthree hundred Americans having bit the dust1 1, fagtdttbs 'wondered why he hadn't been hit, because be a ) ways went ia first. Somehow or other, however, be always earns out safe, aad teemed to bs preserved for tome other destiny: but,' continued (be, '*»'• a mighty mean destiny that coops a man up in a stone cell hke this to be tried for the crime of murder."AUA5T, April 9,1800. We are favored this morateg with the New York mora- ing papers at hrsakJaat-alamst as early as ws can have the Albsay BapsTM- **• •M«-»M1 o f * • I*«tei»tureAll connected with tbe Police DepartnuBttbat are not on tha Blste of Messrs. Bowen, Stranahan sod Bailey, had b e t t e r b e p a c k i n g ur» t h e i r t r a p s a n d l e a v i n g f o r p a r t s u n - kaown— for the guillotine will surely be applied to them-BARB CH4NCB—AM OLD B8TABU8HBD MlflsTQ B a l o o n . i n t h e l o w e r p a r t o f I k e s k y , w e l l f u r m a k e d a n da good bnai*eaa Apply toBIQG8A BOCTHWXCK,81 Mihere that pretend t o know more than the lawaiiowB knowledge, and then in a very hesitating and disconnect? 1 them, tnen mere are the republican Commissioners ofAmerican country for eighteen years, and that webut i f we could use such language as is generally spoken among the rsncfau of California be should be able to do much better. He spoke enough, however, to indicatemissioners of Emigration never make any effort to con- being unguarded grants, ha cannot sanction them. B ;are here atall hours-' They are dong their best n g n to pass them over the veto. Had the Senate been full, Apply at 96 CnamBers street.Spanish. Not being posted upon either the Arabic or the Hottentot, ear reporters did not attempt on thin point t o test his know tedge further.have any plausible excuse for being here, I would advise1 the !*„'i'-.'atcre to atta'-b to each prclstoa o f every hi !that iluy '..-ass, even to tnoee making u •,»• road district3, as Follows.—• Provided, however, tb±i nottr.og in this act shall befso construed as to in any way effect too repi'oii- can Commissioners of Emigration. "boring with the Governor all the evening, trying to get him to veto tbe quarantine bill of Dr. Thompson.The Governor has not yet signed the Albany s a l Sus quebanna Railroad bill The impression prevails tha- the assent will be withheld on the ground that it has net received what the Governor considers a constitutionalPtelaa'a tabss, now doing a good busmeaa. Imjuire oa pi*. JAS L.TMCB.ILLIARDS-ORIFFIfH 8 TtTPBOVBD OOMSlNATiOS;Referring t e the subject of the murder and hte ap-Cushions and Tables can oal» be bought at bis factory. Private houses and pucic roosts furniabed at ahor>W. B GRirSITH, ltf Fnitaa1PHXLABPEIMPROVED BILLIARD TABLES,And Combination Castaonesf then- imprisonment, some of them readily respc-i.- ••- details he seemed decidedly disinclined to say anything, are among the meet extensive lobby men here. H;i re- cently appointed Harbor Masters, instead of being in VewFOR SALt—FOfJR TEARS L8A8F AND FIXT0RB8 OF a wholesale and retail liquor Store in a ihKskly pooulaie 1penitentmilledthai the vice of intemperance has set such a tirm gripspot, them that it is impossible for them to shake ol. themessier Nevertheless, the prison authorities are verygeatle m their administration ef the law as It afiects thesekv'ka women. While in prison tbey are made to ta^gMpXfewfwith apparent relief, and continuing after a pause, lect committee a number of day*?have been themost fer thesame offence,terred She appears t o be a kind and benevolent, will be hereafter pursued in regard to him, and the g"ni>Tucker was concerned, that gentleman ha 1 called uponhim (Mr. Conck'iog) before leaving on Saturday andthe owner. Inquire on the premises 467 Broome street, earner of Greene.FOR SALE—TBE FIXTURES OF AN OYSTER SALOON. marble top Tables, Oas Fixtures, Bar. Beer Pumps, Chairs. Kitchen Furniture. Oa., or would give them for an in teresttothediningorlunehbusiness. ApplyatSIBastBedford ttreet Methodist Enlecooel ehurch. on I'h-irtdav erea- ing. April It, at 8 o'clock. Bnbieet—Our Aneaavars and thetr Desoendasht Tiokets 26 cents eachTOO LATE FOB CLAJtMFICAnOBj7~A DOIION NOTICE.—1HIS DAT, AT 10^ O'CLACK, BT A. BELL A INGE AH AM, in thstr salaaroomt X New Bowery, a l a n e variety ol Household Furniture and House- keeping Articles, Barroom and Hotel Furniture: Ptkttioga, Glassware, Sporting Articles, rtshing Rods, Ae. Out door atlasattended to and settled same day.it?" "About two weeks ago," we replied. "Oh," s a land feel that the law is made to operate for the puuish "l»o you think it is true?" We said it was so reported. meat ef efiesders, for their reformation and improve He then became very silent, and further conversation aaeat. aad not for vindictive purposes. Therefore. evidently being distasteful, we left.(oanned i n the open apartment to which we have TM- sel rentiers him still more anxious as to the course which Mr. Cocckling said as far as the statement aboa' Mr.par?ed this session against his wishes and vote, tak'ng that right Irom tbe city, and giving it to the Legislature,Laatththee«,:'<.'{operlI:natitute before the Toung Mens KsQabii-ta Ualen.onrrMav,April•1-3,at8P.M. Tickets •£> reserved for ladiesLECTURE—8T D. R OOOOaLB, ATiCOOfEB, CNIO*. on WEDNESDAY EYKNISG, 11thins 8ubjeet-Tvraaar of Opinion Illustrated, a pplied In the aeteaee aad or%suot of melicine Tbe reason why Catvrb was never understood nor cured. Admission IS cents - paid at the Joor. Boost UIn spite of the carelessness of manner which the pri- soner assume*, hs at unable to conceal the deep intsreet which he feels in everything pertaining to his incarcera- tion and (rial, and the fact that he is unable to read, andTbe bills to amend the revised statutes and relative to alienation by deed, (being an anu rent bill,) passed by the Assembly, came up for final readingli OR SALE—TBE STOCK AND FIXTURES OF A REr tall Boo*and Sboe Store in this city, stsek aoout $5,000, i-. gocd eonfition. and store doing a first', am business. Term, liberal fJr good paper; would exchange for real stasia la Mew \> rk. Thia isa splendid opportunity. Inquire of JOHN H. POWLEJt, 41 Pey street.tbengh as rigid and unbending discipline is in every instance thoroughly enforced, justice ia so sweetly axingledw«h the Heavenly attribute of mercy that the chancesef reformation, where they exist at all, are greatly e nhanced. There it a female under superintendent, whose te dependent for his Information upon the gossip whici from just su5h irresponsible sources on the fiojr of this duty it s to keep continual watch over the prisoners comes to him through his grated cell, or upin his coun- House.iBoepb. a t the same time, resolute and determined, ral tone of public .sentiment wbiih prevails coucerni 4 stated that the tax levy was ready t o be reported,wosaaa—a eombin ttion of qualities essentially necessary bis trial and its result. He U desirous that the ItUi and aficed him t o examine the several items. S om the Siecharge of the important and sometime* painful should take place a t the earliest moment possible,muchlorhisstatementasfarasMr.Tuckeriscouzerned.cusses WBJCO she has to discharge.THE CULINARY DEPARTMENTr the praam is arranged on the moat perfect, and, at the same time, economic*! principles. The food prepared forcharacter may be very briefly summed up in the remark just up in regard?to another bill.%Mr. Jacques demanded to know what that f.-au I was,Instructions to report the New Y ork city tax levy forth-fjlOR 8ALE-A FANCY THREAD AND NEEDLE J* Store, a good stand for a milliner, r, or anylaw Yaw*f«.«_< ommt.sioncrt auT KaalfrmUoBV, BarberHa.ur.aadOUterOamoa Halol- atarapidrata.If this had been practised ail the winter the Albany pa- Ia the course of the desultory conversatMB ef the pri- pers would have found but little sale during the session;r u etobttyM i g t e *•»<•0 rJ*FAOKIJfOMarmimarPaparaa Unan coast; but for reasons which he omitted to state, he dil for be has as idea that he is the most honest man in thenot make himself known. I t was then suggested Legislature, and, notwithstanding he hails from Troy,to him b y u s that h e probably understood t h e knows all about the city of New York—at least, i n his democrats bad turned ^ewaraites. There seemed to b s APRY GOOHR 8TORB FOR 8AJ.R <>R BXCHattaKbills,there was to \ ; no republicans found unless tieSpanish language. "Yes.'' said he, "! speak ahnwt own opinion; but, then, this is nothing but a genera! fail- some other combination here- payins buaineas, vtth Ore years lease- rent very U»; ao!<tociA^amffSm^^^chandise and Personal Property o f every deearmUoa. o r bought and aold, by J. A. JACR80M. aaetlrsaaat atnguete, Russian, 1'olisb, French, Greek, Arabic aad Hottentot, aad if any gentleman desires to ask a few politequestions, I think I can satisfy him that it's so. ' One or unlertslfa to inform them of tbe real facto, unless he hts too)« and n*tur<v, wiP tie sold at naif the first cat. B«aementthose memt ers ""ho know the least ab jut New York citythey were all disposed of without much ceremony.The$99 CABAL 8TBEBT.-M0WBTamount, oa Waiobes, Diaojooda, Jewelry, Slvarwa-a.Ac .,or bought at full value. b.v_CHaKLkS WOOD. MOCaaat ttreet oppotite Iks Braadreth House, in the jewelry siore.CASH, CASH, CASH.-PAWNBBOXBB8' JICKBTH.-A premium said for pswabrrkani' Beksts ef Dieanoods. Sewing Machtoea, Carpets, Ac W Prtaee street, baasaaeatt999.000.>ama^wW.S«v«Wm^r^im: Ae.;on Bornjdas, SBtock, MerteihanwrlitlrTaIL Hardwares, 8Sasgaras. Aoa7.., Ae ;or. bonahtand aold for cash. The highest prtoT psM iorH. BABJtINQBR. 170 Broad war, room Zft. awftur 1FOR SALR-A WBOLKULB LIQUOR 8TORR, OK TIReorterof Thirties street anu kighta avenue, with four B1LLIABD ROOM FOB SALB-THE Plla,LaE Bls- uard koom Ma BW rourta avenue eontatateg four atour reporters, to hte evident surprise, accepted hte invita- a i>ohl arg-.meet, they look upon BEbeing too ssifim MoCraw. Munroe, J . M. Murphy, Ramsey, Richmond, Hew York.tion and commenced a conversation in Spanish. He held h s pot tant to listen to.Robertson, Sessions, Sotnola, WarnerNOKS.—Messrs. Bell, Goes. Kelly, Mumierre, Montgom- tjlOR BALB-AT HALF 1T8 VALU« THB LkaSK OF Aery, P. P. Murphy, 1'rosser, Rotch, Truman. V Candle Factory, with rinuret. Patent Moulding Ma-amea ABLEST AJID NOT VOTDIG—Senators Hammond, Hlllhou?* As, very eeaaolete aad nearly new •* 000 worting capitahead down for a moment, as if to collect his scattered There are also a num>ierfof other republicans aroundfraud in it.at-.hesametimetheyservethepurposeofheaters AllegedMurdereattheHtgltSeas. oftheHouseatthistimeinstatingorprovinghisoha<-ga, MrJ^ii>(rep1explainedthereasonofthedelayas advantageousfortheuseofthearmyandnavy,andonlongwb«h the .whole o f the cooking i s done, whileMr Oonckiing said that he would not take up the timoneitherwouldhedeigntonoticetbechargesmadebythe Bavirgbeenacimpossibilitytogetthecommitteeto-«• the v o c e prison in the winter season. This arrang^- aaect. as m mist public build'ngt. i s accomplished h y aKans o f hrta:h pipes passing from one part »f theUN1TK.D 3TATKS CIRCfiT COL'KT. littore Hon. Judge Sma'.ly.1HB Jl'lXiB'8 CHARGB,gentleman against him," further tuan treating him'w.Ji silent contempt *Mr. Jauqu'-s said that he did no. as* the gentleman to prove it. but he had made the char^-i of Irauu. aa i bgether, oytmg to the absence of certain members, and disclatmel any such inteution as imputed to the cammittoe by the Tiibune. The report would be made to-day.voiagee Its economy consists in 1 pound of the laquid not exceeding the coal of 1 pound of ordinary cotlee. Ad trees s k., 5,16* Post office. Agenu need not apply.FOR 6ALE-2C0 TON8 BEST WINDSOR BLUE PLASSole Leasee and ProprK a- Tuesday Bvenmg, April 10, 1S50lrwoatoaaotkerandconnectingwiththeboilers.On Arm•—TheVniLedSiaUsw.Geo.D&wer—Inthis wantedtoknowthematterofit—heKnewthathe,coulu Tbebilltorepealtheactabolishingtollsonrailroads ter,deliver*bletolotstosuitpurchasersatfootfrovGreat Reception of theMLLB. LOUISE WEI.L8 TROUPE.First Bight of the Drama ofTHE FEMALE HORSE THIEF.ifcrte days in the week, the prisoners get rice, beef Soup, ottte, and breatt and for the real of the week, rice, and i«n«e and, bread, without the embellishment o f beef.Iheee \ r«oners valio, havmg friends outside of the prisou, can gtl a tietter iaeciiptiou of food than that permitted by ike r«fulavioas of the Tombs, are allowed to do so, and Mvera! persons asril themselves of the priv.iege to r">t • t,ile .n priso- thf meals they are accustomed to whou at libertyISTMTIKW WITH HICKS.The eel! in which R.cks is confined i s upon the groundcis- . -, .Ui.ge Stuart having summed up for the defence, ana Mr. 'iwighi i-yt the government, Judge Smally pro- ceeded U) charge the jury.The Judge in charging the jury stated the nature of thu ndictment and the case against the prisoner, and remiudei tuem that though this was an indictment for murdor, it was competent forthem, upon a view.of al! the evidonc in the case, to acquit tbe resoondent o f all gult. n o o n vict him ot the crime charged in the indictment or t o find him guilty of manslaughter only. The Judge theu re VK- wed tbe testimony, and continu-d to say It has o " held that the dead boiy must be found before there c%., be any oonviciion for murder Ibatte the general ru1«not provfi it.Here the matter ended, b >th parties giving up the etitse.Mr. Jacques being a republican, his calling the Trilmm, his own party organ, irresponsible, is a sort of repudiation of that sheet.'The Supuly bill was this morning ordered to a tbiM reading, thus placing it where it wi'T soon bo sect ti th> Senate. It will be remjmoereu that the General Appio priation bill has not been touched by tha Senate yet T h e Supply bill will soon be sent to them, when they will have their liar..Is full for a Bhort time.Nearly all the morning session.)! tbe House ha* be n taken up in third reading of bills the Toil bill coming »v for third roaming, or rather the Din to repeal the act > 1S51, removing tolls from railroads, on motion the bill was11 Water street.The following bills were passed —The Crot» Water FOB SALE—IN BROOKLYN. AT A BARGAIN, THalWill LandJamaica railroads.0©fr, only a few su-fts from tne desk o f tha otfioer who but it is not universal. One o f 11,- most able and em. recommitted, with instructions to strike out the secoaj ro amend the ("barter of the Jewish Cam^tery., . stow.uent writers on cnminal law, W*. '"nitty says :—b*e the depurtmcci of the prison in charge, and, umiice and third sections of the bill and insert the folio«:ing — On motion of Mr. Snxout (dem.). the Brook'yn ParkIR'S K a l i l N l PAT£KT P U R S>.i,K.-Tcik (VKi. iBOwt } uller I' -a Raiting Patent for the Sjuihoru a^Ateisetae <( -no. atber eeUc, the door was covered with a i mee'y wovec wire net, which, while allowing a free cir *.i taU>c of air and an opportunity of unrestrained con ver m.^>n, eftectaally debars the insertion through its inter nice* of any gamg wtvfc vhksh the occupant could do him '•elf bodilytkarm. OBarrivingatthe cell,weCan there be any doubt in this cise that Hutophr<'\> was killed by the fall, or tmmeilately drowrnyi? W * n* bed, enjoying the fumes o f a segar, aui hte de^h caused hy the respondent, or did HumphreyThe New York Central Railroad Co noaay, and tbe Oaweirr>Mfeijid theprisoner suing upon theedge ofMiesrs. Jaque* and Robertson suppjrud the bill.Tbe motion was lost—43 to 45. Thebillwasthenreadthethirdtimeandlost—56to38. The motion to reconsider was laid on iae tab.e.Several bills were passed, among them to ascertain and pay the damages for property destroyed at the Quaran-jtfurroation can be hud as to term* of ails, AcIRONnSSUCKN- >RSALS-M-><iWROCOHTIR•"•. 1 Claterit)i!s^1rjuid. 6 fee; dlamet#r. K i'eetdsep. donbio rlv eled, co'iniersiint rl\ets Can t>e sesn' m .No. 14S K-i-istreei. r"ri^e, $«>,'ea;h—onethira laelr .ostfavoredeaiie of gefliiamaB, because it.relieved the monotony ot bwconfinement,andaffordedhimanopportunityotthe oil! eil-ctuaiiy aoes ;uat b> ie,i aiiog the act *hicli repealed the aet* referred t o Th- committee did nji report this morniugRecess to 7 P M.EVENING SESSION.Several bills were reported complete: among them forand Note Papers an velopes and Mationery, of every variety. Fine Gold and Silver Watebet, in open and bunting eases by the beet makers; fin* Bug iah l-atent [.evert. Duplex. Usmssad Levers, 1.spine ami other not emeus, in fine It and 18 carat gold eaaes; also, tha celebrated amsricas Lever*, made by Appletcn, Tracy A Co., in fine IGcaiat huudns easet. aad war ranted perfeet Urns keepers Fu.e tiod /ewelry. osaaprtotecfteted samsa. ParsumgaaasrvoryasffK) LET.-PABT OF HO08B * *TM***TM£L Stf" tHe said he was glad at all times to receive tbeThe Sanitary bill coming up fur a th'rd realiog, MrCallicot moved to r-r;">mmtt toa seie -,i committee, consist river. tagofthedelegationfroaitnecitvofVcwYorkani Tofacilitatethecarryingofpackages,parcelsandlotbecouldnotoiberwiaa-dafromthefactthathewasuaable ottheauthorityoftherespondenttocompelperform anoe, and tbe fear which the deceased had of the a e n s c ishortspeech. HethoughtthattneBureausofMarketsThe Brooklyn Bast District Fire bill.In relation to the police and police courts in New York. To establish a nautical echooi at New York harbormodaieabouttwohundredpeople.ApplytoJ.O.AW.J. MlLdJi, 112 Front street.Uoid'e.fir-BraceletPintM.UtarDrops;linegoldGuard. Veti and t ob Chains; fine |uid f iog*r Rings tor ladles tad Gentlemen Kuirtftudssid Meere Muttons, fine gold Medal-»e read the oewtnspess of the day. "Time" he said'in consequence of his previous treatment of him, UISUM..'compliance with respondent's order, and induced the de also Mr Jones of Brooklyn. Robinson. of a bandsoaae and well established Segar Suva, ox cle*, told Pecs, in silver »id geld ctees. gold Feaeila,Mr Barnum had left him when he took a plaster castMr Jac<i>ies hoped -that the bill would not be thus killed,amir-pokeinfavorofitsmeritsuntilhewas called to oroer.locribpicksand Watch > H I k.ether with a general amat- mentof gooOafiauslly fo mdlt. afirat claw jewelry establish- ment;alsoaapleorioaaaormet;>f30hourandSdiyeloeas, taole and pucket Cutlery, ti.ver^lated Ware, ladiae Cabas, Ra-effinface,andtfavteniayrtotheconversationinthecor Stbleofdanger Inthatuointoviewthequestionsastondor, he managed t o make the day wear pleasantly the kicks or blow* in tbe rifging are not so material f h -O abeingquestioneds st oh o wJudge then examinel tbe evidence as to what fi >*. plase h eMr. Vanan said that there would be no objection to the bill if some of these odious features were stricken out,'• It is raid to be a good general rile tha'. no man sho .1 •be found guilly of murder unless tu<' hjdy o f 1L1> d ? and Syracuse Kailmad Ootnpaay, aball hc-eilter mate r«and Parade Ground bili was taken up and passed' t>-E be purchaatxl OL r«Aa.)Dk.b.e icrmt for oaah, or r.^cti»Jige^ The NeW York, Kings and Richmond sanitary V, ;i cine for real eeta'e <.r ii«!s!-abl» merrh »ndis^ this la a chaoee HiiFI1ZPATRICX A BROTHERS, AUCTIONEERS, 417 Broad may, above Canal street —Assignee's tale, erery morclng, afternoon and evening >hia week, of over mfLan worth of books, Paper, Bta-ionery and Blank Books, flue GoU aad Mlver Wauhea. and One Gold Jewelry of all striae aadpaoerna. Clocks Sliver Plated Ware Table and PoeketCttt lery.Animmensestockotusefulfancygoods.Sa-etote he d at the store, t«7 Broadway, every saurnuu, afternoon and evening this w e e k commencing each morning at 10 0stock. afternton at 3 and evema> at 6 S o'cloca. The attention of city dealers and country merchants wanting goods to itatt their trades, as weil as ladles and gentlemen detrring useful and fancy articles for private use, is eullciied, satin stock eonvceasea fis round, becaupe instances have arisen of; (nr sons be*:g executed for murdering others, who ha»-» b.-en found to be alive. But this rule must be taken ra'h«r <\ a caution, than as a maxim to be untvrsaiiy ob-r>.-^' for it would be easy in many case? so to conceal a ho :.- astopreventitsbeingutscovered."turns at nuch period and <aaucb intuner as imy oe tX.'t ;te«l by tbe (V>mm'j»lonert of tbe Canal fund, of ail the «r ,-,is chattel* and other property trampirtea noon said railroads rn •pectively, and thaiI nay into the tretaury of the Slate the same tolls per mile on all goods eh me uaad other orooerty ac traoBoorted as would have been paid on them f»om the pim; ofreceiptU>thepaintofdeliverybtatheybeentransj>n*-d on tbe Krid or Oswego canal. But the Caoal Board aha I make such rules and regulations tu regard to ib* tranto irta Uinof tr«is[hraou the sail Jeotra! itat.road weal of Ciica, a aa to ooDtinue the a*id road the or!\il»ge ef tranaTortlog lus\lup oil the final reading.Mr. Callicot moved t o recommft, an'. male a strongis seioom nUertri. It It a p»tent ol re»! rijerit, aud shrill c'ai 1 t»e aueptios o: e<-ery one thai h*t :i ue to make mojey ')ui • • a {rood thing. Various H'leaof reuciu^ made under Utio pa»rparentlyIDdaenretiteton.Bewasattiredjttthecometohisleathoymereaccident,ormisadventurou.irelgatwitbooithepaymentoff>ll«rhere\ortberallrnaltine.ToincorporatetheAmericanZoologicalandBotani-PAPERkiLLr'ORaalJI-INLAk"ATh,rik.IMUIA.IAIpnaeathelargestandfinestassortmentoftheaboemecuoned comingdowntheb.ick-uysashedid,withoutanyvto eomyaDle*ooiiB>Hdate!liotoiheB»w"'eu'ratRailroadCom calSocietyintheCentralPark. Billstoextendcertain cheapwaterpower;will>nake'.#1.i:>sprintperday;t»,> goodseverofferedatpublicaaielaNewf1rkeity Thestock Mot' garmeMs in Which he was arrested. excepting a lent or improper actx ofthe respondeat'' K it w.ts the l». pany enjoyeu taat privilege previ-.ua 11iHtA. Andall acta aod streote, and confirm grants t o land under water within engines; machinery in p«rfest i>-d»r; «U1 oes.td low, oa good embraces over 1O.OOOvolumes or Books ta the varied seiert- c « o u — a a m e l y , h a a i y b r o w n p a n t s , r e d s h i r t a n d v a s t ; t e r t h e r e s p o T i f i e n t i s e x c u s e d . I f U w e r e t h e k i c i u a n 1 p a r u • 1 a c t s r e s e a t e d b y t n e a c t b e r e o y r e p e a l e d a r e B e r e b i t h e i n t e r . o r l i n e o f t h e H a r b o r C o m m i s s i o n e r s S u r v e y , t• e—r m. - a a d d r e s s A l e x a n d e r W i l s o n , L A f a y e u e , I n d i a n a . m e n t s c f l i t e r a t u r e , i n e l u d i u g t i i a t o r i c a l . B i o g r a p h i c a l , r h e o -and a well bearded face showed that it had been a stran blows o f t h e respontent, a n d h i s oruer, that retiti-0 came up lor a tbird reading and were laid on the table. logical, Poetical, Meebanlcal eknendrje and-Juresue Pabaes- Uonsi Bibles. Prayer and Hymn fnoks suitable fJr the various(te- w a razor for -several weeks. His attention b*iog sailed bv the officer, he came briskly forward, and ex pressed hte pleasure«*t the riE.t with which he had beenforced t h e deceased down from fear o f t ^ Tne sectious stricken 01.1 are ineeiy reviving certain The bill to confirm the acts of the Common Counc! i n Q'CARIZ A.<:> GRAIN MILL. FOB. S . l . t — i His MILL ohurenta Illustrated Annual and Glf, Boas, In sotoadidrespodent, the next enquiry i s , did the respon!»m acts, and arc reai y iinnn- --»*a'y.' >r tne ttrtt s.?ction ot New York to continue East street was alao tabled.will reduce the greatest amount ot' gstd. silver or other bindings, uhuik Books of mi ais»s and patternsi Letter, Capknow, or ought he to have foreseen, that tt would greatly eniaiiger bis life to force him to descend in that wa?, or that if would probably be attended wito enormous tudiiy Injury by falling, so that you can justly infer mahce t > the deceased, or such a brutal malignity of oonduc a - carrier* with it the plain indications of a heart regarding.-'eart4cg what was going on :n the outside world, whicti muruer. And it would not vary the case that ttu lor.-..: forthwith to tbe Hoti6e, and favored his motion wit*i tQuartz rock loan impalpable .powder e<-er offered -reducing fifteen o a s cer day. with "Small power, and shifting grinding bunaoes easily replaced. State right* of the pateoi for sale.Bit,OS A bulTii #lt'K. til Naaaau streetof r-octit duty and fatally bent on mtscbiefr If so, itWA- Kings county, with instructions to amend and report ternto New York city.,SURF HOTEL. AT FIRE ISLAND, FOB BALK-VERYlow, the whole or one half; the bouse Is nearly mew. hasall modern improvements, contains gan, is elegaaUy furnish aplendto sets of Cameo, Mesa e. Lavs, Jet, Pioreacne, Paint ed; ten pin alleys, gas house, lee houses As., and will aosom ing, aosai. Gold Stone, Cor*, oaruet. and ether styles of floeand Weign-R ana Measures, should not bj inc'r.dei in '.be•bung beavy so his httkda, but between the aegars which of the blows. Kicks or other physical tore-!, proaujad bill. Mr Weoster also favored the recommittal, a* did Privileges o l the floor were extended to ex-Speaker SEGAR 8TORE.-THE LEASE, STOCK AKDFlXTUkBt lions for two snd four ikeneaeea. gold and riilver Specta-ceased 10 go down as he did, although the latter was souTbe Governor returned with his veto the bill to erect thenewcountyofOanisteo. Tbemainobjectionisonac- count of insufficiency of populationThe veto was laid on the table.Broadway, doing a good trade, for aala For partieulara m autreatMMRroadway.SAFE FOR SALE-OPTS O F HERRING'8 LAJEOk ticides and Workboxes. Albums Portfcbos. PotsmonsNssa, Safes,nearlynew,andeastS2S0;ttisinperfeetorderand motoocoanlbucukinPurtea^ndantmateameotktettosoaaway "eajoyed his fare and rest, h e stated that he could satisled that there was either actual malice to the de- and he hoped that it would be recommitted with instruc- Railroad bill, a bill not before reported.in the rigging, an 1concluded by saying—If you are nocsmplsin cf BO lack sf aaajotton, never had a better appe- ceased o n the part o f the respondent, o r coo- tion.'; to amend; struotivsmalicearisingfrombvutaitemperaor MrConklinghopedtbebl'lwouldnotberecommU3d,Mr. Joxa? reported favorably the New York Broadwiywill be sold at a bargain. Apply to R, O. PIRRJE, 10 PhM atrest.nsefui Fsney (-ood». Musical lnstrumeato fancy Soaps. Per- fumery. DagueTSotype tases faintiags, Engravings *•-. Am. Oruer o f sale—The fancy goods, jewelry, sOverpltiedMe, aad asTer enjoyed a ajght'e sleep with greaterzest HtewimvMmhlm Btstrly every day, and though stances of the case show that this gross hearth'ssne«», were many here against it.Mr. POND made a minority report against the same.Mr.PONDreportedfavorablytheBrooklynWate- TOBONEBURNBRS.-THEWELLBNOWM'BOMB ware,Ac,wtdbeaoldevarvmi-tangat10o'clockandafter-be did not often rear to her, one or two si'.ustons which want o. due c*uuon and reasonable exercise of a it!i!>ri«vturnwithin one tidt of the city, and in hourly eommunteaiion by purebfiae giods at private sale ,atatogues so » realy at the•n the part of the aocuaod, and that be ought t o nav> •are. This was especially ev.dent In hts reply to some down In the manner he did, and that there was prooabu-store, aod tha goods open for eiamtr.atioo. The «aoie ateokhe made tndiasted that he felt a deep interest in her weiMr Jaqtus reported complete the New York city Tax or about changing th'ir location. For particulars and terma, to be s<«!d. by oicer oi ihe nvignee. wkhoul reserve. All Tbe previous question was then ordered, and the vote Levy, with the amount decreased $96 000. The Commis- which will be moderate. Apply to CHAS. B. WOOD, 410 r vais «si ranted aa re re-eMt--. farms cash n bankabm-questions ooaoeralBf bis formev made of lifc He said that he had probably passed tar ooghadveatu*cs of travel whi«h few men in thai or any otter country could boast o f h a v i n g e x p s a s a a s s d , s a w t h a t h * a t a e y c o u l d b e e m b o d i e dia a volume they mtald seeks saw a<f the most interestingworks everpobHsksB in America- W efentured tist^gesttaken on recommitting, which was lost— yeaa 41,nays 45 The bill was then read the third time and placed oasionert of Records' appropriation ia stricken out; tbe Mount Mortis square improvement fixed at $20,000; tbe salariesBroadway.disposition, as I have before stated, still if the circum and appealed to the H mse to pa-is it, stating thai thereAmendmentbill.BurningEatabiahmart"situatedontheNorthriver,a noontt2,«4»dtbebooks,i'sintictiAe,everyevearagatt*iand hope.! tnat it would be recommitted, so that it could known that Humphreys (the deceased) was unfit to go be amenoo'l.lailroad and ateaaboat, aad occupying an isolated situation. Itoilers unusual advantages to those embarking In toe businessguilty t o escape t h e punishment which i s juatty by the law awarded t o their crime. Vtd clitrgt.that motioD on the table which was carried—leaving it iu• thm shape. B e replied that b s would gladlydototfany«aswouldpayhimfor ibrofthebrutalandinhumantreatmentoftheonm>o AmoegthenumerousbillspassedistheacttoU/oat politanPolicelawBOWharesfinalreading.a position tor one move pull at it.f ocble, not that he csred for the money himself, but that sailors by tome ot the officers of oar mercantile mi Fourth avenue, Brooklyn, to authorize the city of NawMr. M111 VK moved that the bill to amend the Metro-BUTCHERS AMD OTHERS.—FOB SALE, A LARGErise has of late become so common as to galnTor th-ae anYork to raise additional foods to Increase the supolyofMr. CAUJOOT opposed the motion, denouncing the bill as a partisan measure.rHe aaid that far ten dollars She would give class of offences, both for the protection o f the mnoceat with the following amendments to tne bill as i t pavedaiT^ihi tha ••as, aad at t N ansae thaw ea*nbage easaausUy depend upon the due eaforsement o f una right. It obedience does not folow, it m ty bs eaT>"iwd by punishment. Butte ths laagutge of one o f thj .a >n learned aad upright Judges that ever BS' upon the \ n i r can botch, the hue Judge Story—/ J b a authority te not unlimited, nor te it to be ex <• •aad in a cruel or revengeful manner. The law does o>Ikhead on which such merchandise shall be landed, which may be permitted to remain there for eight days without being subject t o the charge aforesaid T n e amendments were afterwards concurred in bytn? s>n ate.Tbe bill to erect a new town tut of the towns of Cattle ton aad SouthHeld, Richm *nd county, also passed.Adjourned at ten o'clock.AxoTHBk OBSBUN flssBAnas.—A NEGRO IS BTKUTSII,CowHinsn AHSDRIVE*saxntran Tows —On Mtmday last,anegro arrived in Oberlin, Ohio, and begged refuge andSkaQfll I —WOHT, 8AFB AMD TEST PROFIT «.BLB Cnkm Btareoseopte Oo., »» Broadway, up • P U l / i / . manufacturing buatnesa for sals, at a bargain;his childhood .to toe present and aggrieved, sad far the p<im«hmant of tbe guilty. Taa the Senate—the a neadtnenis to apply to the third section masters and officers of ships, as well a« thetr crews, hail —"Excepting merchanause and other property deliveredThe bill toincrease the license feesof hawkers sad ped- $250.THB STOCK AMD FIXTURE* OF A STOBB .QELLIMl CHEAPER THAN EVER, PRETIOCBTO OTJE ooktg a good business for sale. Apply at 130 Sixth street, sear V 3 removal - Culxens and country merohanta are "rttta wof taquhr, we travelled, sad saw Ms <J^^eor westof Hudson »reet,Jojetjs ^ ^ ^ ^ j t frost» replied ft. f c . . a V a » # F w i p c a a W . « M* W — a y - - • - • • • " • * • s m a l l V M a T * g O t • ! £ever ammo h e was a boayr/,'" that be was saw forty years o f are, sad for the last twenty years featowsd ism We c f a sailor, darteai waaaka J J W - T H B F I B B T O B S E W H r ^ I ^ B O F I T O O T B 181 Madison street, togethei^with from or back»*—%£ and Attic Room • Bedroom on third floor if requires. ts»i»"»SI Naaaau atraet ~E?"i.B*1* >N OTSTBB «M» rt-ta Lthat would astonish toe rights sad duties which cannot be violate1 by either on a wharf tor transportation by canal boats tnrough theopportunity party with impunity. The offiaers have a right to requin- canals owm d by tins State, and amo excepting such mor iers was lost—33 to 39.avenue A . —*— — -*—•• -« improved hteraosoopm aad basuBTuiabeneatupnntnsl--_--...-•.— 1111,»•mbargain; waed eastabrliished, and in fullland sueessaful operautioica retuu-h.- >..,.--«-. - . . bulmeas tag but a tmal. capital to prosecute it Having otheroaartnai cheap. BlOOS A SOUTuWlCE, 81Kaaaau street ^RfUl -AETHER WAJTiTED.WITH THIS AMOUAf. rhim hi>w exhe hadvasted nearly alltheonautrtes It•Mmsttwa^M^"'""'^*5th*°°Jec,aofaaspuntehmaritwnnnnaa tta » » » w ©r tbe authori'.y u 1!r whd« 1.i s at when tt arises from perion*'is,aays*.ftwasimtaediatalTrwjonajderod,sudtiwnInegroleftthemayor'soffice,butnosoonernamedTha:^.Bt^}^Wtoegtobs. Hataassdlkatikere was haral/an incrfor;ground m Oattsrata waaeh he had not travelled er^r,esher on foot or norsektok, bat tkat through aHibs dansera bo mvl trnw* eavaaaktarad, ameug grtolf * - « « ' to apply x m the atthebud on the table tor the pretest. They also passed a b.u [•treat than be was seized by a gtng of negroes,1, - ^ -»• uDitwj u » a gang 01 negroes, WwhHoO. ir J^_^amaaB. k wiUehmr flJtaj perssnum a asly at No. Ss7 Breadway. 0. B HOWES a I:J Applyat No. VS Bowerv. froai « till • P •1 " b a t t e r e d t h e p t e i a t t t a g u t o l o f « . > t * wroa on l« a san » oar, and stoics there >»fproridectia!!*- rtdievsd of tne p-nt forWd are thus oae day.6O O O D C A J T A D I A M B O B B B ^ F O ^ B A L B - T O S ^ jaiAds*out mare. wiu loal also!«*ft^*Jb»!"him.'aadbshj^oacanaduBScata*! fiere«a.ta;i 7 a « T » td ^tk-r)ugj»ut tbe »: iiitry. aad the sales are mads eiclut'vely forOawapany B, under Oal 3-irdea, aad fosgst is we bsuies efal*aavbai.UIma,aadTodasSaatoa Thelattsr<aUalina ia'a JUL^SSaud otwatmcei^a t*kw. g?rertiof Bn rsaeuers. We recave toese ptrttcular* from reliable will be exhibited to aay perms disposed to purebaat Tha ot Tesih avenue, 10by»w^warrvwH^aisst^aassatv,asmtktheyw->ke»-:n* M*£»gnc-f^s t°r*?Tiv Unrs—entMr. SMITH made a minority report against the Mr. Gov.r spake at tome length in favor of the motion, on the ground that its sole object was t oout of office the present Water Commissioners.little be'ow rineeden's Landing, is now for sals or to iet Being o'clock Ptiva-e sslea—A«y,niaioU«tlng clerks wiii alsrayi be bill, inreadlaecilowanonUdiesaiidgentlemenwh«aaaywarntochanged his rote in the negative, for the purpose Of am- ine a reconsideration, upon the announcement o f theMr. WEKSTKR moved to recommit, with instructions t o strikeouttheitemof$100,000foroldclaims.Lost,andlaginafewweekstfsuited.ThiafaanexeeUeatehanoe,sadW.Mason,T.TiiuSiS,C.BraGSaSB,J.MoassraaLG.the propriety of his ^rvtog km ajrpeadamse to the public or dread ef the -consequences of their verdict permit iu":- vote he moved o reconsideration, and also moved to lay the report of the committee agreed to, and the bill, a s worth twice the amount asksd. Address B. B., Herald offlse.Mar/naFull panic tiara wll be given in future advertisementsJOHNLBVI80N,AUCTIONEER.—OILPAlNTIMOS smHegoffineonseuueueeof reaovaL The brilliant sol- lection cf oil PahtUuga now on exmbtuon at 4*4 Broadway, and eomnrising over 180 dinersnt subjects, easskaiag prnsv pally of msgntfloent 'audscapea. imposing aeaoery aad arua* siitftt h*v»kne oppocennky of doisg mwaaiamf for the•aaamrt ef km ^ ^ W t asksd what valae hs put upon •son justice aad humanity, requires from all engaged m wharfage, and to regulate mere, wharves, bulkheads and The motion was carried hy a two-thirds vote—74 to 34. of Peonajlrauia in a valuable patent on Household ardales; naut figures and historical pieces, mounted richly to —**lleMafrb» "Lite.aay ana all ike. detain bowworld Thisthe admiatetrsiioa of the laws a strict vigilancs ov-r tiitt Mr. CALLICOTmoved to strike out the tEmOBttf eiaose. Blips ia Urn cities of Hew York sad Brooklyn. It passed Lost, 24 to 68.The bili wss than read the tbird time, and passed—76 to 29. "—w— « . . in—1—paw ur uuier places fraases, wiii he aold aiaucuou on the evenlags of »< with a small mpital, and would prove very lucraUve Addrem Thursday and Friday. Sale takm place each Enterprise, box 170 Herald office o'clock *unenviable notoriety; and public policy, as well as cumCroton water; asm tbe ast in relation to the rates o'iBrKiNEPS MEM -FOB SALE, THB STATE EIGHT tkej could be manufactured in Philadelphia or other placesit; tt allows so exesss either in tY< taat raornicg, nearly ail of which ware local Commodore Vsaderbilt'e bill in reltt«« to pier No 1 was Ion by un receiving tbe constitotooal TOW. ta» vote standing yensgenuine fugitive, he was ttken before the Mayor for exam ination. The mayor after a close examination, could not decide whether the negro was a fugitive or not and de-„ „ „„ wimi mm)OWfc cUned having anything further to do with thaon the nremhma.'*—<***•Pr»«>a»almarttesiathe rtha prsseatproprtstor five years f e a o n t a m Bow%rV' The"atore e'tSdatte whole depth of tas km. haste seiaaibu «-~-» «xshamdk*Mi5^aw»^!5«Ul",c**9the conatitution respecting the paavertj' tittshtlsauoaa of ICfrom his face, back and breast ia torrents. He was tthen the colored p<*>i»te to the p^ooieA LDAl 200 - 1LS f"**l«HBmBTJETMBSSFOR T1TARTEC <VXm^\f\J. aaJs—Loomed dawn town aad te anaaanfm o^ara^nforJa.,aaitwentyAveyaara. mmtumotarmTarffs f t a « f B M r Am a « n a d a i > - a e t t a s a a t t a a r s e . n u s —e d h ^ y w J « I I , S H w U ^ T M.^ k ttr ^ i^0'c l 0^eaah,khaspair!asatpratttoffrom180MteajMSforaaura-* ...*iu>««i«>Urfn«,iiUtoth«n-nnieTha New Yo A oity loaby left for ysur city last evsn*neonther>ja.;isSgiddy,«artd'^nAi thefojthesteamtrIreleased,.andtoldt„oleav.„et_o.w.«n.S—t—on*ce. »»started, but —=black brutes,notsathmed withwhippinghimto d e a t h ' s d o o r , p u r s u e d h i m t o r t s J m i l e s , w i t h s t o r m s a n tdubs sad hideous yells The ringleader n this brcta! affairAMTEO-A PIAMO PLATBR-APfLT At at MER- 1J,I,VWI tha hoirarfn* 11aad A_fromgrowsuivmrtu:,-; providingtortbemodeofsubutkkmgitisamendmeowtor>trippedhim,andcoarhiiodhimuatUtoebloodspirtedl'^ *' ""^ ^ ^bj T0Ur *1,Ja o 4 h,! ^' ^TM"iru*'^'-ltthat he was ateo ia <tto Ifcaxama war, baring «er -el h oTSock TuaaaiTsnorkSl: ^ •*J«««ad 01: %mvtli It a t said 'hat thoy s'e swupyiajt thstr time o y was oae Evans, a negro, aud one i f tne notorious Ober Imr of yaambaek, which can bs shown from the boika whijh Truck Jpalyalibf wool yard. West loorama-st.. avsnusVioBLOH LaHET.tiCba»M«:.r\ Fa'rrax C-j^nam«mmb«T*ai-sal»aoa ais. J. aad r is supsss-1 thatetitledtawwham.TheadvarussrpsopoaestoeslltheBxtureema chmery, good rill. As, for the ab)ve amount, aud rwjaatn wkh theh^ye- *J»g sjfiotigh 10 istmiuee aimto lbs «aatojiers aad budrnrt htm hi the reistaeta .«atUf«.etory reat^nr gi>-eo$500-PARTNBR WANTEDINA^ LJJ ^ laSrooklyneanaaaws.wMihsDocumTbe Tax Levy was reported by the Selea Committee, saw ordered toa third rtadlng.A8B04R8T0RB FOB SALB-AT XO 116 FTJLTOBtkeet, krooklyB, ntlabllahed nfteea years ia good order;have now aa opportunity of obtaining the news through packages la Broadway. It provides for tbe payment of will be BOMekaap. as tits proprietor has other busfneea after Dkunosda, Watshss, Jewelry. Ae , er buys thesj tar aa htrV the 1st ef Msy. Apply la the evening Terms sashinterests, but wore all voted down by about the same Broadway. C. B. HOW(t4 A CO. vate.Broker, roomorbosaktaadsold,hy P «aw<several years ago, he kept a boarding house for sailors,aad while there shipped a great number in the Chileannavy. According to bis account, several Spaa sh officershave called on him during his confinement, one or two ofwhom be recognised as having teen on the South Ameri Collins. Their charges against him will nit do any good, to elect Seward with. But be saw that most o f tne and is now doing an extenaire bus'new Uool leaae and re- kmdsofsecuriUes, or bought. Mataa. Blocka. Bosdt, At., te-Senator Truman said that when these bills were up motives of one of their party friends in regard t o hte ac- bare last year he wss asked to vote for them, and W Mtion upon the Staten Island ferry question—namely, Mr.arid fixwc* ail lotepMa; best of bo>ses,cara, aMgh*. tnt*oa Wamhes, lAamonos, Jeaetoy. Dry Oooaa, aegara, and \Stold they were a party measure, and that one hundredthousand dollars was to be grven to the republican party aad 1creees Ths is a good chance, as the yard la large, waamarkably low rent that, although the republican party was to father thete suresLInquire ot or address W, W., 515 stantmrouated.^ ^^ ^^ SS ^ r ^democrats were voting for those bills, aud be judgedfo- I'.Yiiait/iovel crty property, at a bargain, doing a cxtdevery language that is spoken on the globe—Spanish, Por ing of the rural republicans In this Legislature. I notice Several motions were made to recommit the bills by aerxxDt of want of rime to attend to it Address OT$ Gorte ill Oranii street, three doors wast of Broadway.box 2tit Herald omce.are foremost in legtelating for it, and every person who whole five were passed, each about 20 to 9, as follows:— C1HAMPAGNB OR SODA WaTrJR - A SSCONO HANDSenators P. P Murphy, Sell, Mannierre and Truman, b i tAvKa—Messrs. abell, Bliod. Coiviu, Connolly, Farru, JVro. Gardiner, Grant, Ketcham, Lapham, Lasreuce,J Champagne and B- tdiiig Maehioe, iu food order, with anderi*artolet.AddressJ.B.R,box1,038Postoffioo,"ill make $6,000 1er annum. Direct hra 1,;*? Post -JBos.F T.Woasenineedapply,trying to control everything and all leg siattve matwrs It is said that the Governor will veto them, becaisethroughout tae State. How is it that the lem^raiic Com there is no provision providing when the; shall be bunt, filOR 8ALF.-A COMPLETE S»r OK HANIMOMK OA8manner,statedthathehadnotbeenintheSouth' Emigration,whoarebecomingapubl'cnuisancehere, sadWilliams.' l i i t u i r t for a three aiory house, ('handeliers tneloderJ: trol legislation here, whilst their republican associates this makes but little difference : it will be aa easy matter will be aoit ebeap. tbe owner having no further use for themthe Quarantine under their thumb, and prevent-ing auy appropriat.on for that purpose unless theyhave tbe control o f it. Tnat tn>tee gentlemen may not large party from Staten Island, headed by Vermilyea, la yeart' lease from (he first of May. Inquire on the premises.Governor Morgan has said a great deal about the lobby vote. in he annual messages, but I ndtice thai his appofat^sN K W Y O R K . L A G I S L A T U R B .PHELAJI A COLLENDBR, skattheyfall-'Unarate,"ironicallyaddingthattu-jandpreservedasilencewhichcontrastedstronglywkhhisYorkattendingtotheirduties,arehereactivelyat-voa Senate* street,stockleftatvaluation:sickness*becauseofsellingSolemanufacturers,Ros<8toS»Ornsbystieet,NewTorksnbmston the most luacwus food the land can ailird. previous sociability. Ha remarked that several gentle in the lobby. Ibey are present at all tines lending uieiraid to their matter. Thin-low Weed, the man that appoint ed them and secured their ratification by the Governor. It .6 plain!y to be seen that the cry that tne Governor has set up La his two last messages ahout fie lobby is notb'ag lessthanthepleaoftbePharisee,forhiisalwayssur? to show around him nia associates and advisers from 111cFor particulars Inquire for two days at 661 Water street, in the eooper shopFOR BAT1-THB PATENT RI'IHT FOR PENNfYLVania. of the celebrated Conleal Washing Machine, she beeto the wo*ld. Can be aeea in operation al 431 Broadway. > T.ForparOcularsaddressT.Fisher,Fourthstreet,sixdoori awdpayingforadvertsnng,atitsWestEleventhstreet. below Cheimnt street, Camden, M. J. Agent for las Patents*AUUTT, April 9, I860. B.ll? were }i«sed for tbe incorporation of fine art asso-ciations.To provide for the appointment of Inspectors ef Electioiik Ner; YorkA motion by Mr. I.awuncs to strike out the enactingClause was lostToprovidefortheinspectionof steamboilers in NewYork and Brooklynmid substantial- The marks of recent and coutinu vis smell a rat " On remarking that in view of the present Saturday. There wore discovered yesterday signs of life; To amend the act for the incorporation of religious so U>OF. 8AX.E-TEB WASHINGTON HOCkEd. AT JRR8B1 LOST—BANK BOOK NO. 44.736 ON GREMtWfCH 8 VV.broke i u a iow, monotonous chuckle, at too brilliancy of toesatre Nevertheless,thefood theyreceive Isgoodsakl they had "got the wrong man, and that already, from whathebadoverheard,hefeltcertaintheyhadbeguntJSimeon Draper is back her** again this morning as large aaliie,tolookafterhieAlmshousemantling,thatreceived such rough treatment from the hinds of tne senators on_-.OB SA 1K - A TAlLOA'S STORK, WITH LBA8k, SrOC.Ku* and Futurea, salUfactorr reasons for selling, for fur iterpartic..'.arsapplyatthestore,61Universityplace.1 T**08T-0B SATURDAY LAST TTH Ilv^T.. BETWEn. *AJ Wall and Brcome streets abunehof amVi Ee^a Any o-ut leaving tbe same akdt i*iae »u*et, room n o IS will he suita- blyrewarded.men had been to tee him concerning the matter, who ha-1 told him that already there were doubts in certain quar- ters as to his being the right man, and that when he cam >»nr instance, one said "We had roast beef and plumpodding for dinner yesterday, and Una morning ricepocidaig aad ham and eggs f o r breakfast" A tthai s h e took a whiff o f her pipe, aad, cart- to be tried It would be proven that he was far away fromaaf a ride glance a t her companions, they a i l the scene of tbe murder at the time it was committed. H • active loboy operators.FOCND-OB FBIDAT. IB A SIXTH AVSaTUE STaii*. aMufT Theownar ean ht'eit by ororiog tteownerth. idawpation were very plainly discernible on these p•- >r evidence against him, we thought he stood rather a slim the funeral waa therefore postponed until further exam; eletiee. V '.iv.c ixer of Orand and Hudson street, opposite the Ounarc tugs Bank. The finder will please return n ti the bank,sreaures Some o' them, though the proportion was chance of escaping punishment, he replied, "it might b? nation could be made. They have hopes of bringing the child to life again by a reconsideration process. Tnere tsTo incorporate the Down Tcwn Association in Kev steamers The proprietor will dispose of hi* interest, IsaacYork.A batch of New York City Raliro id bills were thenpassed by the foliowhig votes — Seventhavenueroad,20to9.Ninth avenue road, 18 to 10.Tenth avenne was first lost by 16 to 11, then recon-sidered,audpassedITto9.AvenueDroadby19to9Fourteenth street road by 21 to 9Various motions were made to amend, all of whichwere voted down.very small, seemed to have been shedding tears of coa- so, but he should be able to prove that he was neverlmen, judging from the swollen and discolorel appear- on board the vessel at all. Why,'said he, "when they come a law. Mr. Draper now asserts that be will not be aaseortheireyesandcheeks;butthis,welearn,isa 9rstgotme,theywtntedtotrymeandhavemehungup oneoftheGovernorsunderthebillifpassed.and futures at a >ery low rate. Farther particularn upon ac aiieatkkaas aoove.spasmodic occurrence. Some o f the most apparently at once. but now I expect they '11 take their time, and thatA little spicy debate took place this morning in the Assem bly between two New York city republican members. It cameupunderMr.Coupling'sreadinganextrarif'rorntbe Traburi'', asking if the New York tax levy was being held back by the select committee for the purpose, o f insert tng the *t'J3,000 for the Commissiouer o f Ik-corus a>.* i late an hour that the Governor would be obliged to signfour years lease, 456 Eighth avetue, comer of Thirtj- ihird street inquire on the pTemiaea.a fair prospect of ot its being sga'n revived, and yet beMr. Conkling said that he would like t o kaoar why it had been withheld, as it n i l been in the hauls of the se-Beved that railroads were needed by the city, but he had r fersoo Market Apply atatand No 35.voted against them in former years because he believedthe city had a right to grant the franchise. A bill hai IfOE SALK-A BOAP FACTOBt IN FULL OPERATIONat 66 Veset street S. Y., or to ih? addrem on the gas Dili.Mr. .lacqi.i-s said that the com niltee had been considertag the bm lor some timo past, auJ hit.; to sit up until alate hour preparing the different item* H^ was roady and therefore his main objection to the bills had beet on Saturday to report the bill, but Mr. Tucker, from toe removed.committee, had been suddenly liken sick, and ,eft forNew York; he had witnheld ih<- nil in order to givj hima chance to examine the items. He did not cars whs; ar-' and in complete order, containing every requisite for ferry. For particulars address Savon, Herald office.ticles Mr. Conckhug read from irresponsible papers from New York about wby the tax levy had been held back I t was the custom of Mr. C. to circulate slanders by readingMr. IJIWRENCBmoved to recommit the bill to the Com- mittee of tbe Whole.Mr. CoxKLixi; ( r e p ) , on a question o f ordSr, charged Broadway. and expresses undoubted confidence in hte acquitul. Hi^ exposing the gross fraud committed by the gentleman that the Select Committee of this House, who were underthat be is a shrewd, uneducated, cautious, collected man,whom, apparently, it i s almost impossible to surprise,and laid that he waul 1hurl back ail such imputations tvitb with, were withholding such report. He alluded to the person who a apt with the needle. For particulars Inquire 00 contempt upon their author. paragraph in the New York Tribune inquiring whether the premises, AfeX Hudson street.He would on another occasion reply to the a'taW bywas amended, so as to leave everything as it was before the passage of the act of lh&l, and passed.street. For further particulars apply O. K. DA WuLF, Margaret OatchpoleMue Louse Wells- Mr. D. H. HarkiasAdditional Loan bill.To confirm the title of real estate in the Mechanics' So-ciety Company of New York.The Kings county Court House bill.In relation 10 the rates of whariage of New York and 17 that nicely tilted up li-.nor store 118 Walker at-eet knownMazsppsBufua, the Wild Borae TamerAnn the Dew Lomedy. by Janes Pilgrim, cfM lie Louke Wera Mr U MboaKings county.To widen the Fourth avenue of Brooklyn.The following bills were reported favoraolr —The Antwerp Institute loan bill.The New York Oistrist School Library bili.To consolidate the Brooklyn Central and ikooklyn andaa the Ark. A chance teidom met with and must be sold right eft. Apply to 1). BCrtKE, Aueuoueer, 2U2 Caua. atrest.FORS-iLEtH-SaP-TRESrOCg AND FIXri'riK'4 OP aeandy. fruit and toy autre, 616>j 'iresnwici s'jeet oorairSprint, near the marxet aud a good'lDcati ,n. Oal. an-l s--e f jr three daysFOR SALS—A B A T HOB8E. SIXTEEN HANDS HIGH, s u y e a n eld. warranted to be sound and kind, auttabie forspeechagainstthebill. ten*canbeaeentttneoomcanya«iwatBrowlvay,»be.'<the railroad from Flatbush through Brooklyn to the Eastaad immediate danger to his life i n s o doing, theu, notwithstanding the ab-en-e or such malice, the otleiico is a;leaet manslaughter. While it is tbe duty of coirts ana its tins', parage. Tbe yeas and nays being callod and of Aldermen are also stricken out. The section repealing TO TAILORS.-TO BB DISPOS1D OF IsTJlKDlATELT, M riTn*riiiCK A Bso 's A ictioneeia. j'lTiee to protect the innocent when accused, a m cloeatya n d c a r e f u l l y t o s c r u t i n i z e m a t e s t i m o n y a n d s e e m a t n uone is convicted on insuiflcient or unsatisfa-jtory evvdenci, it i8t4i«ally their duty to fartb/ulty aad fearlessly apoij the law to the evidence, and not from an? false sympathyy e a s 6 R . n a y s 3 8 . 1 8 6 9 , t o a p p e a l f r o m t b e j u d g m e n t s o b t a i n e d a g a i n s t t h e Just be ore the vote wss announced Mr. Jacques city, is stricken out.c a s h , I n o n e o f t h e b e s t n e i g h b o r h o o d s b x t k s c i t y , a n e x c e l l e n t 1un of euatimers, good store and dwelling; rent $300. Being • ery busy, aad the proprietor not able to wave hli 0 ed, wishes tome one to take charge Immediately, wkh the intention of burMA 8 0 N A M D t H O M » RSKC'IKD CLASSICAL SOIREE, Chickerins'a Klauoforte * arerooaa, 694 Hrjviway,not receiving the constitutional majority, t t was lost — the rawer given to the Comptroller by the tax bill o f a snug tirst class Busmest—Stock and Fixtures for $1,000amended, ordered to a third reading.rqnire ai 64 Oliver streei,af the crew s prompt aad ready performance of iuty aud chaadise a? may be landed on s bulkhead for storage pur Mr. CAUJOOT asked unanimous consent to refer the Per-anbakamalobediencetoreasonablecommandsatall sonalLibertybilldobereportedcomplete ViewsAhlereoacqpeandonedosesvof the yellowto make a times. The satety of the ship sad tks success of the v.iy Km by the owner, or occupant of aui adjoining the Messrs VAS Alarms and COXKILVG objected.and one doses vtowt for $1 alp r o t e c t i o n , c l a i m i n g t h a t h e w a s a f u g i t i v e s l a v e f r o m Kentuckyt p O U v . m a w e l l B t j t a i a a a i o v a t a r a n d l u a e h a a . i o a .now maktog money, flnety toausd sows town, ih* iirneai to use revenge or t o tafliotorusl or uu A large number of bills were alao passed by the Senate ""•—*-- As some suspicion existed as to his beinga of tDfaber felng needed. BIOOS ASOdTrfWI IKof Obertip wr0 witnessed tbe trsasacbxm. Ofiar- iscnmpiet*Ktetbehandsoftbenegroes,sadt&eir rgrasivle, hke that of' Rayti sad otaer ptaees w^asrs Slaak* arevaluablemsshinrtoaBandtoworthhalfofwhattoaateit>w 1fcHJOOHD HAND PARLORBAVaCHkkklNO atao a Sideboard Safe, beawifullya DRYA staess for sale; St par east paOOOr»8BBFIFISHIFa AMDlean bee»t eaah priest, at ha privatt esses, 66 M No J. up stairs. Busts 111 strictlyAGROCBRTAKD LTQCOB STOBB FOB 8ALB-LO-eaed hi one of tb» beat burnesa and poouiou* neighbor AT W BROAQWAY. C .RNKR OF rtTLTOH tTBBB*oaoaOB oatxaii an1>•II • .11.111 '•• I II •—-. •-IMill 'I •- •"•• -••——»—LOPT-AGOLB BRACELET. WTTa FOUR OAMBOKK, ^Sunday evenieg gomg frem etl8 WsntTweaty-msa street FOR 8AI.E—THE FIRST CLA88 UQUOB STORK, WITH bv Smth avenue to Dr. Thompson's church i s Tnirw toma street Aliberalrewardnil't>epaidfora<mebtleavingit at the Herald omos, or at 40b West Twenty-third street.LOST-MONDtT, 9TH I»8t, $*4 IN BANK BILLS AV. tachsd H i bill of the Jerser lit" aad Hohotea Oaaicht Mr. L*t RFsta explained his affirmative vote. He be rvtOR SALE—A VERY DESIRABLE STAND IN JEF 00. A suHabie reward will be paid upon returning the aiorsMr. tVni.v opposed the motion, .which was lost— FOR SALE—A NEWLY FITTED UP BIIXIABDwAiiOON,T H E L E C T I R E S E A S O N . manufacturing eight tons dally, situatedto Brooklyn, near the HON JoBN 8HKBMAN. O f OBIO. WIOL, L,li«Jfr>t«ttolS. on one of the best earners, near Broadway, with some 01 TBE BEV. J . P . MBWMAM WILL DELIVER BMThe bill was then passed—21 to 4.The annual Appropriation bill was made the special Order for eleven o clock to-morrow.A s s e m b l y .ALBAXT, April 9, 1860.tbe beat Tables In the city. Reason for selling, bad health of hut lecture, previous to his departure for Burope, hi thawhatever may be the topic o f conversation, and who, if The breeze passed over for the time being, and evary the delay was designed to crowd in the appropriation for IVOR RALE-A CHEMICAL PBOQSaS FOB MAKING A APARTT HAVINO ABOUT $50. AND A LTTTLBthe prwonere is goo*! and wholesome, and each man and be be really guilty, bears up under the trying circum thing waa calm. Later in the session Mr. Jacques ro-i- to J? liquid called y uloeseenee of Cotlee, obtained from the pore _ buaineas experlenoe, can become ttannttlsl at the mt-wosian m allowed a fair aad liberal proportion. There a question of privilege, and demanded the membir from the Commissioners of Record at the hut mo stent, and so berry, and containing to a very small volume all the active unfaotnre aad sale sf a new article te good demand, front which large profits ean be realised and a good living madestancesbywhichheissurroundedwithabrazenhard! NewYork,MrConckting,tostatewhatthegrossfraud compeltheGovernortorejectthebill,orsignitwiththat principlesofcottee.onepoundofthaiLiquidto4rationsof Inquiretoday,from10to4o'clock,aitheNewYorkuheaateslare two las^e steam boilers i a thai department, by huod which belongs only to the most hardened criminals. wss that he bad charged upon himlolling water gives 61 cups ot ootfee. superior to what oould be produced trom 5 pounce of eonee in the ordinary way of ooction Tha article will be found particularly convenient andManuiaeturtng Company, No. CH Broadway.frtoet and Futures of a Shades, in a good location, r or particulars inquire on the premises 10U Kuiton avenueLH)R SALE—Tfik LEASE, 8TOCK A".DFLXrURE3 OfO'GradyAna.h.It'AM- ABAOAD.Mr Jamet Pilgrimsize (low, in first rate order.Also s fine Watch Dog.I s --_- - -*^ i~a~i ns~mnirnwm 1H.PLH___——,esshadvaawaisa Dtaaaoada. Watrhea jewairv r^amravBOWERY THEATRE J. H.an* kind of buaineas, and very fast. nue, in the feed store.Inquire at 647 Sixth ave-lupusA O BART'IN, Atatgnee.Also, will be presented MAZEPPA.HORSES-FOB BALE, A VALUABLE PAIR OF PEB- feet matated Horses, very a y hth and fast;but will he sold ai a great bargain, as the owner has no use tar them Aodrem M. Bouse, Bentlej a Despatch, 945 Sroadwty.Saturday evening. April 14' — -LONED TO AST* tt -aaso ftha hardHoJSB, Tirfiam, oa the FridayroU^fflaa,a itrejv t*me tt^ SB'Sm"Hi. itf*-, AT** a* ast i^k-;«anypower, m p-xo<w»s.0ft'«*}l J«tjaifi'lIe"r4, mThomas M. Tryniski 309 South 4th Street Fulton New York 13069assjotic sadhrr?v\^fafnaj«iadteBsw York, waietear wkh ther11www.fultonhistory.commraelimgA ddrms» «t. Herald «**—oapkal put ia, Skt to S9B per day Good t*"" fsqikad. upply at the aviatfastory, 1W Orssgs^ of FukVmVBrsBhlya."^!, 