 JIL4PBLrune6,186a *BILL.1acaucus this vote in M r . bill, changing efcion back to*ceto escape &t*rday,which eiing,>o*rfcK>n whiek of Kansas t o4' thin exposition of duty, saving the Third AwsiJtant themselves. [Laughterl]WASHINGTON,- Juno 5,1860. After many daya of uncertainty, 'the..announcement isatlastmade,thattheEmbassywillleavethiscity for the North on Friday morning—one day later than that first fixed. Asingleday istobepassedin'Balti-more,andonSaturdaytheJapanesewillproceedtoPhiladelphia,wheretheyaretoremainnearlyaweek JeforegoingontoNew-York. Their pieparationsfor departurehavealreadycommenced. Largequaatities o i | b a ^ g a g e a r e o n t h e w a y t o N e w - Y o r k , a n d t h e E m - bassadors are much absorbed with ceremonies of leave- taking, numerous enough to fully occupy the few days thatremaintothem. Thismorningtheymadefaro- wellyiritstothePresident.,themembersoftheCabi-net, and spine oi the Foreign Ministers. They waitedrcnrranoMv lasers©fthe*TheFiaoa&cei 11 reportfcb©provide* for & ry Notes <fae hat refer* t ol pre;m?edr fctas an amend- vely directedg e t h a * i t c a « supportfedlfiye. I t is- a n likethede~ erate onthe-eh could b© s itdr>es from d cooperated9 Democratic- ii would b a r e rn-ditsworst tssage.>use will hold rderof bn*I-» .-i.li.pt s o m e itll and har-currency, to einonst rated; ve aince dls- 1. Some o rexpressedsition to the bill.Mr. CBITTENDEN (S. Am.,Ky.) advocated it. Messrs.BBAGG(Dem.,>{.C),MASON(Dem.Va.), FESSENDEJN (Kep,,Me.),andothers, dis- cussedthenieafure.The reeuli of tlie great Derby race was sent in theie:cgiap)icnewsbythelaststeamer. Umpireranh eoriginalstruggle then began, but Patcben kept t h e Ieai|, aud maintained .it some distance, when McMann eaeedj off the mare, and both kept their positions until withinKat Baltimore eeri made to he aeeesaor-eaUfed into ie thetown--\J..d.tte excite* lyregarded ;h respectedp a majority in which I t*kItcantd-ment,for S« more em-a.'mrx to tho randBMV putting it 'm to-morrow.Ltb** frauds d whichayperpetrated Ide/eoa»%in . KepiihUcana.;! fessiog that a. •,to the ground, occasioning a loss.to'the owner of §250.Via!:iNviTR'iiRvoWAY. ' reallystolenfromAmerica?;citizens. Ifthisbetni<2r1 the name, ?xeitemeot;|te, thisre- acet»ofthe 1 ia favorable-Itise*ti- by tenor d by aboutir.hourfor rit&eeof the assed fntm. ruigofMis- Go tpuorumv Ch.arrr.who> through t h eaaay Dexu-. a quorumHouse and g o n , very ators. This.Bepuhiicanif 6,1860. now being '•' Congre««,tares which J^^rict their fill n o t g othe term of'lion tothe f the ismor- n<i progress era|_New- T*te, rilxtbaelinquen-smnd's re— hts official >lawui«d ad further•ing neg-. * « » < i u t y , b i r d A s r i s t»f thrf- F i - Z•velyre*counsel appeared on both sides, and, by.long speechesandraisingpointsoflaw.occasioned greatdelay.Yesterday, Jonas N . Phillips, the Superintendent settlements here. Y et w e are powerless, and.mustAshe placed his head on her quarter tbe pace be- letter ,to 'the post-office, and after tracking bim to a vasn*?'"• "*•< 'J. "|R,M«il1 yftW^.M|WW» >W'.'r»ff*"''V»' 's*• ^!*!MfMMM|[«.tion* had been madei Seieralmotionstoadjournwere voteddown. At 8 o'clock thero wasacalloftheHouse." C'urwhole cf-uniry isalivewith Indians. Outrage tact, with Japan. •' ' ' . .upon outiage if commirted with perfect impunity, and The gold medals spoken of were then delivered to starts, they got off. N o trotter ever had such speed consultation was bad, and telegrams sent to all parte of/old wall by a sufficiency of iron anchor hinders; also torted by the utterance of a most significant " O h ! " the Tycoon. A copy of the document.was, however, bis head covering her quarter; they swept round] trljebest a r d most humane impulses a n d motives, they\provtmentintheweather, andeverything.seepied combined to give opportunity for a great rac0~+ssie woithyofthereputationofthehorses,andcalculated t o a t t r a c t a c r o w d , i .•;. - , | ; . | |Atanearlyhourevery.avenue,tothecourse."^asalive with a throng of carriages and pedestrians,andeverytrainofcarsoverflowingwithpassengers,jpy3o'clockfullfifteenthousandpeoplewereonthebeadofthehomestretch. Andnowbeganthefinal straggle—stillPatcbenheldthelead.Thirty-rods'have beepdone,andFloracannotheadbim. Inauinstant M c M a n n t a k e s h e r i n b a n d ; e a s e s h e r o f f f o r a b r u s h * « t the finish. Away strides Patcben for another twenty rods, looking like a winner/ Every-voice is bushed,everyeyeisstrained,everyheartthrobs—&>ubtis.ia every face—tbelookofeveryoneasks,"Whow31' win V Suddenly the little mare makes a.ralljr; awaySenate bill providing for the settlement o f private land claims in Florida, ArkanMis, Louisiana',' and Missouri. "OnmotionofMr.SHERMAN(Rep.,O),theHouse po8tporc<I till the second T.iesUay in Decemoer next -Mr.Femon"Bbilllortherelief6ttheofficersandsold-necessary funds have been subscribed in Philadelphia, New-Y ork, and Boston.TheCoroner'sJuryatSouthWeymouthhavere- turned a verdict that Mary Tirrell was, poisoned by corrosivesublimate,administeredbysomepersonun-press, w e have receivod Denver Ciry papers to AmosAiLawrence hasbeen chosen Presidentof :bc?3dand24thinst. 'Thetripwasmadeiusixday?, the Union Steamship Company. This Company are and $7,977 52 in gold dust was brought in. The.-ac- counts continue favorable. ' Reports (says The Rocky Movnfain Herald) from the Arkansas, the Blue,tip-top order, her eje bright, her coat blooming^ p< spintselastic, Shouldherfeetgivenotrouble,she showed promise of a trot, equal to any ever made by her. Patcbenalsoshowedthebestofcond.tio^-jtbe-<*-M1.*-^«/rt*ritv**-, •-5v. i«jrs of the Revolutionary Arniv, a'ud the widows and known. cbilcrenofthosewhodiedintheservice.This mode of progress at last becoming irksome, some only thing noticeable being a little too much eagurdess• M r. 3RUST (Don.., Ark.) called np the joint resolu- tion giving the assent of Congress to such acts, as the XiCgiolatnrea of Louisiana. Texas, and Arkansas have or u-ay p^»*for the removal of the I?ed River raft by levying \oil on the boats which may navigate said river to aenay the cxpens*.The resolution was pa?sed, $4 against 77.TheHouseresumedtheconsiderationoftheMissouri contested election case. , ._ ^Nearly an hour was consumed in a lively debate,ascleverfell.*,w,withgeniusquickenedbytbeadvancing spirit of a new .age, conceived the plan of developing trowsers to 'the e>tent of a few feet, so that tho im- pression ofkmclingmight bemaintained even with thePOUT SAKMA,C.W.,Wednesday,Junot>,i-%0.The steamer Arctic oftheCleveland,Detroit,and writesthatbe hasseen twomentake out$150 in bassadorial'knees. 'andexcitability. Whenstripped,helookedfittoforceootpf Flora.a.greattr race than she had ever made|or f to heather,; The backers of each were assured 'asthe'ytook their pr^ajmary trots. I t was-noted that | b e •slep of Flora.hpdfl9tti;>n1)ne of its elasticity, and tu k vith all the s.'.ow«of .bandagps, her feet were all- right. The betting ontime.bad,be.enf(a-so low aTigurje'eja 2m. 23 eec ;.but after the.horses had been seen,view of the fine day iand fine track, bets were mi...2 m., 22 eec. in a few instances, a n d were numerous•,V* '/IfTWODAYSLATERFROMEUROPE.ARRIVALOFTHEPRINCEALBERT.GaribaldiinPalerBiao.ST.JOHN'S,N.F:,Wednesday,June6,1860. ThesteamshipPrinceAlbertarrivedattheBayof Britonat5o'clockonthemorningofthe5thinst. Sheb'irjgfi Galway dates of the "3d,-of Atay, and Liverpool d a t e s , b y t e l e g r a p h , o f t i e 2 5 t h o f M a y . .The Sicilian accounts art: conflicting.'GaritvaloihadenteredPalerxuo,andassumedthe dictatorship;„-.:,.,• •.^,A,:,.'!i-,.- ...*Ues: "NoexnTiirootkmhasle^nmadeeincetbereor- >whether he was under legal arrest for havingab^ented biTHE JAPANESEEMBASSY.* ganization ottbe Department in 1836, with a view ^ f TM^:^ A, •«_/T ., V •*f fix the accountability of Postnumters, that durv be- I Mr. i5AI\KbDALE hoped he would not be- fined,•&&On being brought) back to- Jber-p*co>interest o f the eouutry **ing clearly and excluoively devolved ou the Sixth j aad thou^ht.itwould ho lor the interest of the countrymg"Auditor.ThePofllmaster-(>?mr<ircoimidenw»rn iJtwoorthrte.do'zehotherRepublicanswouldabsentFromburOvaReporter.«-«ThefirstoftwomatchesmadebetweenFloraTemple and George M. Patcben came off yesterjty. to tie half-mile pole. Talman, with true judgment,*'might conjecture a defalcation, but could not know "itwith certainty."The Se.rgcant-at-Anns brought in bis prisoners from titre to time, who w o e excused or lined for absenceAaccording to circumstance.At 10 o'clock a quorum w a s ascertained t<j>be in.at-t-.rdairce. i ; r. Mr.BARKSDALEappealedtothecWorofgentle- menwhetheriftheysubmittospchuselessprowelings loiiger,theywillnotdir.quulilythemselvesforbusinessIt Lad been set for Tuesday, but on account cjf,;, tainwispostponeduntil Wednesday,'_andfortuneacciqm-panied the change—for Wednesday dawced a:bn|Baatday,witha.finetempiraiure,anorth-west breejie,~andknowing he could ease bis hor*e roundthe.turn, took him-inhand,andFloraatonce,beganto-.close-jnp. tbe gap.Attbecenteroftheturn shewason-the lap, herXXX^ITH CONG-BESS:- PIKSTSESSION".SENATE WASHI.VOTON.June6.1S60:abnuingair.Thetrackbadimprovedwitht^ie.;im<-~ headonhisquarter,andinthiswaytheywenttothe•'Wr. K A T H A M (Dero., Cal.);prepeoted the petition to-i> oirow. - . ,Themotiontosuspend furtherproceedingswas n e e * » i i < * e d .Mr. REGAN (Dem., Texas) said this scone was a shametotheHou*eandthecountry,andforthishe Tvjis called to order. "»Mr.BOULJG^'Y—Ifmembersarenotherefine,and ifnecessaryimprisonthem. [Lxttgh'er.]•WCBITTESDEN (Am.,Kv.)movedtotakeup weresuspended. - ,the Boumad La«d bill. Carried by '27 to 23. Mr. SHERMAN moved that the House go into Com-ofmer«hWtsiroxnPbiladelphuiaudBoston,Uean O v e r T S n a M a i l . L a i d o a t h - t a b l e . .*Mr. BAYARD \X>eta , Del.), from the Jncwary Committee,reportedabilltoregulatetoemilageof Members of Congres^.tor.CAMEJS(>JN (Kep.,Pa.)presenteda petition fromcitizensofPittsburghinl^vbrOfachangeintheSicilianofficialdispatchesclaimavictoryoverGari- At lOaV^lvK'k all further proceeaiogs uuder the call baldi. '. ". " • -Mr. BAYAliD resumed bi» remarks in opposition to mittee on >be State of the Union. Agreed to.lrim. Another stride, and she is. past-him. A blow frcm Talman on Patcben throws him offvbisfeet; he is intheair;tberaceisover;thelittle-bayrnare^the world's phenomenon, passes tho score a length in front in2minutesand21\seconds.Andsoends'thebesttrotiualltbeannalsof;trotting, bothhorsesgaininghonor;shetbat-shohad-worn,aai he that be had forced her to-the best, race s h e everReformbillthrough this season, andthat1they will Mr.WTGFABI/(Dora.,Texas)followedinoppo- hours'interruption?anditwasunderstoodthathehadvirtualyde-.t-rminetoabandonit.„leeninfavorofFlora,at100io80;buton thatBa|yitbecame known that she bad cut the beel of herr'niearfire-foot, and some fears were entertained that; shemight prove lame, and the odds on her fell off, and] thy Tuesday the betting had become even. This so ral- liedthecorjfidenceofthebackersofPatchen,thjltt,by Tuesdayevening,theoddschangedtobisfahroriand100 to 90. was laid on him. B y Wednesday 'morningthe odds had increased to 100to 80, and up to thehpur made.the bill.Mr. MORRILL resumed the floor after the four power to print bis speech in The Globc.$the White House. "Upon this occasion, the Embassa- dorsmanifestednoneofthatexceedingprecisionand constraint which distinguished their first appearauce beforethePresident.Theircumbersomerobesofstate, also,wereleftbehind,andnothingintheirapparelin- dicatedunusualadornmentfortheevent.At the first reception their external embellishmentswere of the most extraordinary order. Shoulder-The second section,compellingthe suit to be brought and we have had no intelligence from there since "within two years, wsi» stneken, owt- Saturday last. T h e steamship Prince Albert is now' An amendmeut by Mr. TOO.MBS'.(Dem., Ga.), that'CoDgi-ers refuse to conlirui the grants under this fully due there, with Galway dates of the 23d of May.Albert Smith died suddenly of bronchitis. plates visiting Paris.It was also reported that the Mon'Ucur was about topublish a speech l>y t h e French Embassador t o t h e conveying the idea, a s they dragged behind, that theHoumas claim, was adopted.— The bill-was read a third time aud passed.. The iVtmy Appropriation bill was taken up. Adjourned. 'HOUSE" O P REPKESENT A TIVES.The House, after a brief diycus.-ion, took up the Dr. Hayes, and will be fitted out forthwith.: Thethema vastness ofproportionquiteout oftheircus-PiXTSiit;RoH, Wednesday, June G, 1860. An immense Democratic mass-meetintr w as held in this *ity last. <-veniug, a t Which resolutions were adopt*cd unanimously in favor of Senator Douglas, and «le- nuuciH'tory of Setlator Bigier and other Democrats of a likettrip«. During the evening, Gov. Todd of uhio gave an account 01 the proceedings of the Charleston Convention, and GeneralStokes oi''WestmorelandmudeHonte. T h e thousand p»ge* of maiiniacwiced testi ingtoaccept Bgter asau antagonist. Col. M. Cook of monypr«-»«tilednocaseatall. Itwasamereiua*>ofstnfi. T h e p>opr title onifht to be "Blair's Lame Ohio, and .Messrs. Gibson and Linn of this,State, sev-About two isears ago. they "were residing on Twen- tieth rtieet,.2sew-York, opposite the General Theologi- cal Seminary, where this Monro was'then, a student o f theology. H e there made the acquaiuiaaeo of tb40 iady> byseeingherat.herwindow from hiao«^na*ad.by writing flattering and anonymous le^rs to 'ber from time to time, filially obtained e.u introduction to b e r , and was soon after formally introduced to the husbandJTTEE. ;reply, sa d «h»t Mr. Blair hud spent «n hour i'n making>f the House iv^nsof Thel>»-re i n t h e eiition next er to Balti-• ATION.m reportof •5a*eof this i»* minorityviewsw21. us j e t beensweeping declnra»ions, many or whi -h were waollv •untrue, atd msde for the purpose of deceivingtheTlie followii g account, of-the Indians we take from and to wish you continued health and prosperity. W eHonro being a mats ^ - o m e intellect, occupviog a rtspectableposiiiorim society, and looked upoh a s a man of morality, *>iG husband deemed the cultivation of" Excuse and Apology tv>r Lncxpec.cd Defeat."Mr. B L A ' B rejl ed, justifying bis charge of fraud,anisayingitwas hard to,t<il"towhichwingofthe Democrp4 v Mr. Bsjpett beloa^geH.Mr. BARRETT wanted to know whether Mr. Blair was in favor of Mr. Bates or Mr. Seward for the Pres- 5d ncy. //Mr. BLAIR replied Mr. Bates, decidedly; but that fentiemanfacingtoret-ivethendmi|atioh.atChicago,e wa» in favor of Abe Lincoln.Withou» disposiug of the queution. the House, at 6\O'clock, wei t into Coiuiuiuee of the Whole on the St..teoftheUnionfor the purpo.-eofgenwjJ de'mte. >Jr. MORRILL (Ilep., Vt.) began a speech against"MtUl'm Y)<mr«Tn<jb.," wheaMr. CRAIGE (Dem., N . C ) , interraptiTjg him ,ra:8eu a point o f order that n o business eouid ')(• done or apeei he* made, there being no quorum present."Crie»- tron.- the Republican side, u Too l>to."'Mr. CRAIGE ^aid he knew his rights, and wouldubt W put down in tbaJ stvle.The CHAIRMAN overruled the p<»iiit.erally spoke in a similar strain.] The enthusi.istn of the masses, and t^'e applause oiuidArst^d a t each repetition of the name of Mr. Douglas WJ iat times overflowing.jft'ew-llam psliire l<eg:5s3at*ire.half, and for the very kind treatment we have met expe<!iii(-'ii against, the Utes,' with four scalp8 a -d forty wi•}• in Washington. I t has been a source of gratifica-JJgj c o i1 "D -ed between them until this unfortunato caught fcef; A rally set in, and he beaded. O n they » « ? w " n r 0 en.i<>vcd the husband's perfect confidencewentwiththesamerattlingpace,andbesoondrewin .r?)r&fodtoy-t °«i»g.atalltimeswelcomeasaguest front, and at the half-mile polo showed a lengthipear. ana ,rjend, even to tbe extent of standing as sponsor to.Thehalfmilehad^endoneintmeminuteandten «'"jinfantwhenitwasbaptized.About this time one of those occasional incidents inseconds, and now ihe race seemed Patchen's-—irj Jeeo young married life, incompatibility, sprang iip between dollars to dimes. T h e half mile hadn*^e r jje e ] idoue the young couple, and the wire, looking upon Monro a sMr. CRAIGE appealed from the decision. -No quo- Niith street, were aroused by a dense smoke that per-tum voted, and the loll was called to note the ab- vaced the building, and upon examination, a bed inown hand; to the Tycoon, stating m y opinion of the a rush, she heaced the boree in six or eight rods; In aINDIAN DEPREDATIONS.—The correspondent, of Th* manner in which they have performed their business; few strides, she drew out a length in front. )''• .' ' edly to New-York and remained there t«*o days, notnegatived.Mr.HUGHES (Dem.,Md.)nrgedtrenecessityofbusiness purposes. Tlie fire originated on the second nam captured. The same Indians have also succeeded countay.a. m. New-Haven train for Norwalk, Conn., for which shout of. admiration rent the air as Flora was pro-, p'ace her husband purchased her ticket aud checked claimedthewinnerofthebestheatevertrottedj..-If hertrunk,asshesaidBhecouldmakeuphermindoashe badadded anadditionallaureltoherchaplet,;so. hc-rwavwhethershewould take a branch road at Norwalk for Danbury, where ber brother lives, o rgrand already, the horse h a d lost n o honor—he liad. continue on to Boston.in the Jilonse resolution to sojourn o n the 18tb". of Messrs. M., B . cc W . about $100. Injured. T h e Mr.CjRAlGEdidnotwishtoobstructthepuhlic stockonth.efirstMoor,occupiedby.Haynes&Bro.,facttnateversince"Mr*Morrillwasinterrupted,an houra dafaIfago,debate hadbeenindulged inby una', imous consent:;A parly of 25 persons started on the ISfch, to the'assist- to the welfare .of the visitors, and said that, whil» in This did not seem justified by the heat, which bad been seen. This, in connection with]some trifling cir- ance of.the families residing upon the Rio Mimbres. A peace they were an honor to tbe nation, they wouldin been a close and doubtful one, and was only';won cumt-tances, which soon amounted to 'stubborn facts,'Xo Mr. MORRILL said that bis speech would appear• Fort Fillmore is garrisoned, I am informea, by ten boxes, which all bore the same inscription—"-Presentedatthego-offasFlora,andwiththeinnertrackhe|rs the showed in front at once, and maintained anjl in- creased her lead to the qnnrtsr-pole, and wben swur.gintostraightwork wastwolengths in varce. Here Talman called on Patcben, and witha terrifie.pace be flew after the little mare, Aloni thestretchitwasaflightindeed,but,speedyasshe-is, he diew to her, and at tho middle he caught fieri 4t1ecountry,oneto Halifax, to stop thesteamer,in- casethepartiesh-dsailedforEurope.Nothing, however, was heard of them until the 23dr wben a telegram was received by the husband stating thattliepartiesbadbeen recognized onSunday,the 20tb May, a t Cincinnati.The husband immediately telegraphed to a friend iu• that city connected with the press, and the message wasplacedbyhiminthehandsofDetectiveJ.L. Baffin, who soon decoyed the reverend seducer, by aquorum answered. in The Globe.Fire Marshal Baker, made a thorongn examinntion of" by tbe President of the.Ui;itcd...Srates to the Embas-appointedtoattendtothesick.'[Laughter,jOn motion ofMr.BOL'LIGNV, anorderwasdi- surveyofthe premises. Messrs.J.W.RitchandG.(ofWar. •.'••;.. "Whybehasseenfitto.issneordersremovingallOKTUK FTilST EMBASSYJAP ANTO THE UNITED STATES,. 1860. .FROMcamekilling,andcarriedhim.offbisfeet. Ashoutwentforth,"He'sup—he'sup." Awayflewthenon-; pareil, and five or six lengths were opened bet\i,olmbouseonFourthstreet,arrestedandlockedhimup. Thelady,withherchild,wasimmediatelvconducted, bythehusband'sfriende,tooneoftheprincipalhotels, where she was kept until ber bm-band arrived. T h erectedtobeissuedtotheSergeant-at-Annsforthear- rest of those absentees for whom sufficient excuses had not been ottered31r. SICKLES (Dem.,N.X.)ioeirecttiallv moved that allfurther proceeding* inthecallshouldbedis- pensedwith.Mr. VERREE (Ren., P a )• asked for unanimous consent that Mr. 3Iorrill sbouh! have leave to aiake hisKpe^b.Mr.CRAIGE(Dem.;N-Unobjected.Mr. BOL'LIGNY(S.Am.,Di.)movedtotakoupthe Po-f-OffiVeAppropnarion bi;l. AMr. FLORENCE fDem., P«.) raised the point thatwhilethe Sergeant-at-Arms hadgomAout ti»takeup meml er«», it was ou».of order for the Bemuse to take up anything else. [Laughter. JMr. HUGHESbelievedthattheHouse,underallThomas,architects,wereappointedbytheownertoexamine the building, in company with the DeputySuperintendent of Unsafe Buildings, and during the only knows. Yet such is the fact. The Overland is•tame be^foro them fromisoIdiers.wLo are limping on eroscbea and knocking atthese doers for justice too olten iu vain. H e had watched there things for thirty years. Hundreds had "by denial of jnstice been driven to suicide, and thou- sands to poverty. . H e had beard allround of |>ersoo8handed to the Embassadors, for their own perusal. turn, and entered the home stretch, she having a lead wt re Lurried from Cincinnati the same mght for New-of three-fourths of a length. A fourth of a mile is!yet Ycrk. What will be the termination of this sad affairMr. Cass then delivered to Narousa Gensiro a set of to be done; every'inch is to be contested, and it wais it is difficult to predict. We trust for the best.•Audebon's works, mclosed in a mahogany box, and There is nothing known of this man, except that h e contested. A more beautiful trot w as never seen? comes from England; and represents himself as thewidows, .orpins, and olda portion of the cellar-way which is h o w defective shall be taken dov*n and made secure."Finally, Mr. Miles said ho understood the Declarationbuilding or make it secure within ten-days, the Sheriff objecting aq-ricionsly, igm>nmtly, and without know- will raze it to the ground. There is no appeal in thedirected "TobisMajestytleTycoon ofJapan,"re •inchbyinchhedrew on.her, inchbyinchhegained, nephew[ofSirGeorgeNugent. Hetaught school ining for what. (Laughter, jMr. CRAIG rose. matter, and no chance for dillydallying on the part ofMr. HUGHES said he did not allude to thegcntle- lawyers. This prompt action isvery commendable. xoan,butbewouldassoondosoa*toanybody*e!se.bany, and then at West Point, as school teacher. T h e fallen off 3 seconds from thelast heat, but this wa^l s»imnery at which he graduated has already repu-owing to tbe bad break made by Patcben in tho second • diated hmi; and we are informed that the Rev. Bisbon :Mr. CRAIG remarked, that he was not to oe trifled with.NAVAL iNTEEI.tGENCE..quarter. From thehalf-mile poletheywenttojthi stand in 1minute and 8 seconds!—the best half-mileThe Niagara is now undergoing a thorough over- -soldier, and condemned the habit of objecting to them, hauling in the dry-dock, having her machinery re-! M r. HUGHES further adyocated the claims of theeven t o tbe claims o f those whose arms nave beeu^uat- paired, new topmasts put in, Sec. She will be all ready- . I ' • <so much difctrested, likewise did not cool well. Bet^ tingnowwentbeggirgattinyftiirrate, andthe best odds that Flora's backers could get were 5 to 1, a n d but,littleatthat. 'ill:,tered bv liolding uo our n«tioi.al fi«g.',Mr. CRAIG whhed to make a few remarks b y geu-.cral consent, and was loully called to order from the lc»j>ub)ican side. 'Mr. BARKSDALE thought that this miserable farce -ovghttobebroughttoaclose,and madeamotionac-for".sea by the 1st of July.The Ui.ited States steam-frigate Roanoke, now lyingalongtide of the wharf at tbe Navy-Yard, is having all her guns taken out, preparatory to being housed over. PrevioustohergoingOut]ofcommission,shewasex-to the three Princes, which ho explained were in- tendedfortbeofficersandservantsofftbeEmbassy,'to be distributed JISthe superiors should decide.'»ordiugiy,butwitbout»ucc«*&.Mr. BURNETT (Dem., Ky.) said he had never seen amined by the ship-carpenters, whp found a large'TleEmbassadorsthen said farewell to Mr.Cass,and proceeded to call upon the other -members of theCabine^and upon the Ministers of the Powers recog- nized}jytheirGovernment,returniug-hdmelateinthen'gnsofdistress.Bothwerefullofgame,andnoon^f;ingtothoseintheoffice.Shespoketoanotherwomanport, has been purchased for .theoretic expeditiou ofthe presence of the ruler of a great nation. T i s in-vention of elongated nether garments is one of the aud-seemed short.in her step; otherwise she lookeye«( 3 in 5. iu IuuueBg.D. McMunn'»b'. va. Flora Temple.......... D, Talman'* b. h. f>eor£e M. Batchen.Time—2:21; 2:24; 2:21i-.efctablifebmc:, a new line ol steamships between New-loJik and Boston.."-r* —Tarryall, and other diggings* continue,to ponr in,andsome of them too good to publish.: Nevertheless, it, is body in an upright position. THUS personal ease and true thai, the diggings were opening, this Spring beyond .deference are'harmonized,, a n d th e forms of courtly the most sanguine expectations of the prospectors oflastseason. J.J.Bcndiickson,ofIndependence,M;>., humilitynolongerinvolvethelacerationoftheEm-WreeK © f the Steamer Arctic.^Jv&'.$£&i8£9I£ a —;.•:• M T mNEW-YORK DAILY TRIBUNE, THCESI>AY •JJJNE.3>1860.,i—.im;; v .— «g|tp':' •-,.••''••••TW Expected European Steamer. iVnward throughout the race, but came in at.the endSACKVILLE.N.B.,Wednesday,June6,1360; TheSt.John's,Newfoundland,lineisnotworking,thesixthhorse,beinglongdistancedbythewinner, Thoimanhy. • •* ' • „. —•'.* -r—«• ~ •.I>r. Hayes's Arctic Expeciition. THE WEYIMOMTIl POISONING CASE.It was rumored that the Emperor of Russia j;ontem- pieces, extending several inches on either side, gaveof star ting he bad the call in the betting a t thatjrato, and even as low as 100 to 75. , •. Atjithree o'clock, amid t h e greatest interesi impatience of the crow^> t b e horses showed o; track. Flora came with both fore feet baudagA second match between them for $1,000 a eido> t w o mileheats, tosulkies,comesoffonthe12thofJune, over the Union Course. ,ItECAPITLT.ATIOK.UKIOX CocRiut.--June 6, match for $1,000 a »Id<\ miio-boat*.' BOSTON, Wednesday, June 6, 1860.The schoonerSpringHill, 100,tuns burden,at".his SultanofTurkey,ofimalarmingnature. .weai'ersmovedupontheir knees,aswasbecominginLake Superior line was wrecked during, a (o^ on the tcree-fpurtbs of a day in the California Gulch,' whichnight of the 21)th ult., on Huron 'Mana^jn L«.ke Su-There were no extravagant foreign dresses this time at the President's house, and M r. Buciiauan himselfto the order in which M r. Ulair. contef<lant, and iVIr.Barrett, sitting member, respectively, shall consume , vericr. The vessel I and cargo 'will prove a'total loss. the irth of Ajril last. ' .' , . /the two hours yesterday accorded toeach onthis sub- ject. «Mr. ADRAIN (A. h. Dem.. N . J.) thought the de- hate would not change, any mans mind, believing that theDonseisaswellpreparedto*vote,now, uaatany future time.JOHN COCHRANE (l)om.. N . Y.) said, they not feeing women, it was ntft important w h o should "have the last word. [Laughter.]Fiual'y M r. lJLAJR proce^detl to advocate his claims to a seat, on the ground «»f frnudn'ent votes •counted forjMr. Barrett; corruption a n d illegal c o n - duet on the part of c*rt?»in t?flicer» and Judges, and cor-oraption ;u:d't>ribery, in which the sitting member per- uonaily. pariiciiated.Mr. BARRETT (H».rn.? Mo.), in the conrse of hisThe crew and passengers were saved. > •>''".*'•,' , The mining season can now bo-considered fully com- appeared in le&s elaborate afire than on the dayof that that time would be made ifshe beat him. [Wjm York more than once. Tlie husband is,a promisingmenced, t h e snow having entirely disappeared a n d Tlic Case o f tlse Rev. .i^. S. SBardcn. Spring at last arrived. The work, is now mostly ap-welcoming. -In-company with the three Embassadors were the five Japanese officers next in rank, and the first interpreter, Mamoura Gohajsiro. ' When th e President entered he was attended only by some of the members ot the. Cabinet. Altogether there were n o t more then t'w enty persons present, inducing Captains Dupont and Lee, and Mr,. Portman., After salutations, the first /Embassador .read, quite i n a whisper,; t h e following w .rds of farewell. They were translated by Mamoura in Dutch to Mr. Portman, and 'repeated by Mr. Portman. to the President: • -The exchange of the ratification of the treaty having taken, place, and the time, of our departure-having ar- rived, we have, come to take leave of your Excellency,derful a s this time is,, i s backers were, justified,foryoung member of the bar of New-York, known some- w h a t i n Bcllc'lcttrcs, and most respectably connected there', a s is also his wife. H e was jo'-mcrly (not now, as the papers represent), connected with the District- Aitornev's office, under the Hon.'-John McKeon of New-York.:. Thev are both young, and were marriedTUKNTON, N. J.., Wednesday, June-G, 18G0. Tlie application for a writ of error"in the ca^e of the Rev. J . S- Harden, which was set doivri for this morn-ing, will not h e made before U.-morrow morning, whea the maticr will come before Chancellor Green m thisplied to gulch diggings and prospecting. Although leads lave, in a..measure, been abandoned, it does not prove that they are net worth working, but the necessity of Having machinery a n d m e n of capital to have them' •properly, worked. Gulches yield from $3-to $30 p e r day to each hand with rockers and sluices, which reriiltcan safely be expected all! SummeryThe Clay County lead with a machine pays over $50 a day per hand."There are ten quartz mills in operation on Clear Creek; arid all making money."'J. B . Gregory has Ids n.ill in operation-,, and with live stamps is taking but.$300 each 24 hours run,Alexander & Co.-are taking o u t from $300 to $500 per day with their mill." ;twohcats were dime in lees than 2 m. 22 sec.!|';|citv.•••','.',}Pcniis»yivaaiia Politics.the horses showed in front, oi the judges' stand, for theFirst Heat.—$iuch<iii drew the |p<de, and had the in April, 1857. The result of the union isa bright,in-a furious onslaught upon President Buchanan, disilaiu-Tic Rocky Mountain.Newf. I t is'worth perusiog:Oh Thursday hist the advance guard, of a victorious' w&r party of. the Arrapahoes returned from their Litemay be "allowed to-day to tcnler your Excellency ourheartfelt thanks for your friendly feelings on our be-comer of Sixty-first street and Broadway, was burned of the stock said to have been taken from the Ufes, wasTreproceedingsintheHOURC'ofCommonsindicateth.at the' Government will be unable to carry the comfortable.absence of formality, in the blue-room ofcourse,eagerforthecontest. '''•'..:j'.••:][''For some days before Monday list, the betting lijad she fleee—a few strides bring her up; sheluia caughtFROM PIKE'SPEAK...1 I i '... .2" 2 2»——'INTERESTING MININGNEWS—INDIANAF-FAIRS, & c BytiearrivaloftheOverlandPike's-Pe^ikEx-trii!mph8 of Japanese iDgenaity. For a long time, when subjectsenteredthepresence:oftheTycoon,noching would do but a submissive march upon the. knees.NEW-YORK ELOPEMENT.*THE REV. GEORGE NUGET MONRO,From Th<Philadelphia- Prnt.An account of the recent elopement of a New-York preacher with another man's wife ba* beep extensively copied from tbe Cincinnati press. As the hu>band baa reclaimed b is wife and, child, and, with them, lately passed, through this city, and a s the parties are exten- sively knoTM n, w e have taken particular pains .to a s - certain the facts of tbe case, and a history of the'elope- ment. We> axe personally acquainted with the hus- band and wife, aud met the reverend Lothario in New-is about eight mihs m length, and was discovered about<<r fi'tv ponies. They pit bed their camp on.the High- land sioe of! the, river/ ?nd sraightway commenced a scalp-dance,withalli*smusical-and othera/compani- ments, which was continued throughout the night.On Friday there was a large accession tothenum- bcrs, and a grand triumphal": entry into the city, with-tion t o u s t o"wherewelave seen manythings iuwhichwehave felt'much interest.; Of all .this^ and of our voyage Lome in the JSiagara. a foil account will b e submitted by us, on our return, to the Tycoon, who will beCoNCoSxi, N . II., Wednesday, June 6, i860.The House organized to-day by the election of tho music, banners, and hundreds of gayly caparisoned greatly pleased by it, and w ho will always endeavorRepobiiran nominees made in caucus last night. horses and their riders. to strerigthcTi avd to increase the friendly relations so Resolutionswereadopted'iiitheHouse authorizing Theiraltack,ui>ontheUteswasbeyondtheRipha]*pilyet-tahlishcdbetweenthetwocountries..":-onecapableofadvisingandconsolingherinherdo-' weile affliction, made.bim her confidant. How that eoufid^rce was used for bis o w n purposes the sequel has shown.Monro graduated in June, 1859, and went to' Lake Providence, La., to teach school and act as an assistant in that parish; and it now appears that he invited a correspondence with' tbe lady, which w a s maintained up to thcvtime she left New-York. Occasionally h is leiUrswejre shown t o the husband as models o f piety and morality. "Several friends of the husband bad Muted, while Monro was in town, that his intimacy wasnotproper:burthehusband,havingthemostim- plicit confidence in his wife, indignantly rop^Ucd c«xyTalmanseemedcaughtbysurprise,andwasheaded visitirg,asisusual forthegraduatesoftheseminary, ere he recovered himself. A blow roused Patcben, and Ids old professors and friends, and then mysteriouslythe appointment of a Committee to.consider what legis- Grande in NorUtern N«-w-Mexico. Four scalps werebyFlorabeforeinT.sstime,ar^whocould sfejlbe r^cewas not Patcken';-;! ^ p a ^ n g fLft ^ jf.Jilelation is necehsery to prevent the spread of the cattletaken; and three hundred ponies driven off, but all th eponies were lost or recovered by the Utes before reaeh- -jug here, except foriy or fifty. Over a-thoueand In- dians arc now in and around* town, a^nong them LittleRaven,.head chief of tbe Arrapaboe nation.It i»i rumored that, in th^ir recent foray, they at- tacked and committed greatoutragesuponanew Ainer-ican settlement beyond the Rioi Grande, and thnt muchThe President answeredthus: - ' .The arrival of these distinguished Commissionerfrom the Tycoon ha? -V?" " V^f" oronitiona g»^; agr^.able eyenV ih. m y adfiiini^tvation. I t is a historicalfevei-t, which I trust will unite tiie two nations togetherin bonds of friendship throughout all time. The con-,duct of the Commissioners has met my entire approba-tion, and the Tycoon could not have selected out o f allbis. dominions any representatives who could have more twenty reds of home, where Flora was called ob,:iand •conciliatedthegoodwillof-the Governmentofthe dashedintooneofherburstsofspeed,'forwbicblsheisdisease.i .'^ seemed to ease Patcben away, andatitbe ev en head and head to the home1 straight.stretch.! T h e 'FIRES.FIRK IN-SIXTY-FIRST STREET.'About daylight yesteroay morning! a shanty a t thoAt about 5 o'clock yesterdnjy morning, the occupants they deserve sure aiid speedy punishment. We do not United States. 1 have caused the Secretary of State to so famous, aud wLich ever give .her the c. ntef t. With of the bbaroipg-houge., N o . 7G7 Broadway, corner of know to how n u.cb erprit the report is entitled. prepare a letter of Je-ored-ri)Ce, a letter from under my'allusion to the subject., -*-About the first, of last April, Monro came unexpect-I-•iisentees. theatticwasftmfcdtobeon fire. The'burningmat-,Mr. FHFRMAN (Rep., Ohioli made an appeal to let tress.wasthrown into the street, and farther damage, St. Levis Reput'lit'art, under date of May 22, writing before their departure. . .the gentlemen pr^x-eed with their speeches. Mr;V\tti'JJ.i>EY'Dem.,'Del.)wouldstayherefor legitimate business, but not forthe mere deliveryofpoliii«»l njways. Mr.NELSON(S.Am.,Team)suggestedthatMr.Morrili.be permitted to print his sprecn. 'Aft.er further consideration, a motion to adjourn was- Chatham street, occupied by tw o or three firms for morning of the 20th—five persons killed, and the whole. memoration of • tbear arrival and services .in thisprevented. T h e room w a s occupied b y a colored from Mesilla, Aiizona Territory, says:heburstawaywithagaitthatastonished everyone,but in vaip; though he caught the mare —though pyjerydisappeared, representing that h e was disgusted with the South, and was going pemewbere North. O n the- 10th of. May the Jady told her husband that as theirwaiternamedSmith,whocamenearlosinghislifeby bis careleesneisj as he had g..ne to 1/ed, leaving a can die on the table. Damage, about $50.derofyourresidenceintheUnitedStates, andasafe and happy return to your own country, tinder tho flagof Independence to mean men of all countries, creeds, To-day the owner will be n tified of the result of and colors.the investigation, and if. he!fails to take down the—An accident happened to Miss Tucker, daughter oftbe popular conductor of the Boston and Maine Rail-road,at-PortlandonSaturday,-which,at-first,itwasGovernmenttotheQueenofEngland,andbyherre-heatbyaneckin2minutes24seconds.!Thetimebad meats;waslocatedatonetime"atCohoes,nearAl-feared would be attended wiih fptal consequences. She had been out riding, and, after her return home, opened tliedooroftbestabletoletthehorsewalkin. Before she could gel out of the.way, the horse started, threw her down, and trampled' upon her, bruising ;her se- verely. Fortunately, no bones were broken, and the jouiig lady was very comfortable on Monday evening.—Sydney Webster, esq., of Boston, is to be married in this city this week t o a daughter of ex-United States Senator Hamilton Fish. Ex-President Pie >-ce and t h e Hon. Caleb Gushing are aiming the invited guests.—Under t b e heading, " T o o large a n allowance,".#uchcn]l* gone through with. Dumber of rotten planks, and some of the beams and Mr.BOGLIONV—Itwillbethistime.(Laughter.]kneeswerealsorotten.Onherlatepassagefrom TheFittslrttrgli Gazette>ay,8:ceived with •.•ratification.He. mentioned thai other presents, of books and me-"Anexpress,justinfroa.'thoRioMimbrcs,reportsthat a pack train of twenty-four mules, heavily loadedwill; ' pai.ioeha.' or Mexican sugar, from S<nora, w as of tbe American Lnion.c l o t h i e r s , w n s d a m a g e d t o t h e ' a m o u n t o f $ 5 0 o r . $ 7 5bywater. Insuredfor$6,500intheExcelsior,UnitedSmte:*, Importers' and Traders', Exchange, and Kings tdwn'cf La Picateho, five miles from this place, upon dent answered il at these gentlemen.had been selected."farces. o\s ned by Mr. :WHcox, $50.' to theseemed as fresh as before the start. The betting mediately'telecranhcd to' Boston .and Danbury. and stealing/sevei'al horses and mules, in all some 16 head. fr< m the flower of the Navy, with a particular view now changed to 100,"to GO, and even 50 on FJio^a.' answers came back that bis wife aiid baby bad .hot-"SUMMARYMODEOFDISPOSINGOFUNSAFEBUILD- INGS.—AfewweeksagoSergeantLordoftlieSanitarymuch]t?g<-rfor.ewoiildhavegone,butitisutterly limeof*warbeofthefirstofits.defenders—although impossiili;toobtainhorses,astheApacheshavecoui-p'e'ely cleaned our rancheios of this stock. . no call of that kind ought ever to bring them in con-bytheleastdistanceatwhichjudgescandecide.: Second Heal.—At length the bell sounded, and tlie rivals came up for the tecond heat. After three falsefaverisetohorriblesuspicions,amongthem,thatshe adproceedednofurtherthan Norwalk, andhad re- turned by the 3:15 p. m . train to New-York, and takea the 5 p. m. train on the same afternoon to Albany. A 'Mi. C'RAIGE denied-this, saying that various objec- Squad reported to the Commissioners of Police thatthe brown-stone front building No. 231 Broadway w asunsafeandinadangerouscondition,beinglikelytofall atatm.ewhenour•citizens."cannot getstock.tofollow theEmbassadors. Teeywereenclosedinredmorocco at anymoment. Subsequently,Sergeant Lord,with'"therascals,andbesides,arebusilyengagedinplanting.the building, and reported further as to the dangerous sick men—t-ni't a horse jor service in the post. A/>pli- caiiou wasmade,forrations forthe-volunteerswho"saviorsfromJapan." Themedals areaboutthreo cor.d tion of the premises. The matter was pi evented have gone < at, to'Lieut. Whistler,.commanding officer, inches in diameter, and half a a inch thick. Upon one.iir. SHERMAN asked,butfailed toobtainunani-mous consent, that after to-day it shall be in order to before Justice .Kelly, and .during the examination •which was refused. The nearest post in the Terrilorytake a recess from 4 till 7 o'clock.The absentees were called, and excuses for themheard,someofanamusingcharacter,othersonaccount of sickne-s of members or their families.Mr. HUGHES suggested that a surged might be created under the* Unsafe BuildiOg law , ordered a sul.init to the ' caprice' of an incompetent Secretaryside is the profile head of Mr. Buchanan in high relief; upontheother,thefollowingwordsareengraved:IN COMMEMORATION,'-'-'•afternoontheypresentedthe followingunanimousre- port: •• ...We find that the said wall has been lined on the s- utherly tide or uponthe premisesNo. 231 Broadway, and'tha".faidwallisdefective;,itnothavingboon'prop- erlytiedintotheoldwall. Wethereforedecidethat tl e »-aid wall <r lining shall be taken down, to the sec- ondfloor,totheextent of58feet from east towest) and afro a portion, or 8 feet in length from the front line on the second story opoosiae the hoistway, and thesaidwallshallberebuiltinaproperandsubstah-withoutanyprotectionwhatever—itsstationsliableto bebrokenup,itsstockstolen,andtheoniybenefitwe have ever derived from our Government popped."—OsmanPasha,thefirstChamberlain:oftheSultan, whowasdi.mbsedashoittimeago,hasbeenarrested oil a charge of having embezzled 28,000,000 piasters.The Japanese next visited .the State Department, half a mile to cover, and she so far in front? jvitbThe friends of tbe husband, anticipating a tragical conclusion to the affair, took every precaution, a n d havesucceededinpreventing it. Thereverend pris- oner,Monro,waskept incloseconfinement,audtbe husbandwasnotpermitted toseohimuntil hewasis some 150 rni'es distant, and Fort Fillmore, our only refuge,'isordered'to'bebrokenup.Thisstateof things will,,iri'a short time, Completely break up ourtheGovirnrerht troops from this portion of Arizona, and.abandoning "our •beautiful valley to savages, Godher and the horse before he was brought back to his scene that ensued between them can better be imaginedthandescribed—thehusband,ouhispart,almostfrantic, paceandgottowork. Theheatseemedallotferi-fpr the heart-broken andrepentant wife almost pver-couldanythingcatchFlorawithbutlittlemoretban iwhelmedbygrief.—At a.recent Garibaldi meeting in London, M r.Miles',anAmerican,wasinafull flowofa denuncia-tion of despotism, when he was quietly inquired of byone of the audience, " How about Slavery ?-" " NevermindaboutSlavery,"said'Mr. Miles;'•Iwasnot Westernusage,besenttoMr.Harris,theUniiedPhiladelphiaMr. BOUL1GNY—1 don't care if it tales six weeks. Norfolk to this port, she bad some very heavy weather, Journal: which paper supports the Union-saving nomi- afternoon. /• <" could fail to tee that if thdre. was no break, therC in a cell on the opposite side of the corridor, and said•Mr. BURNETT—We cannot geUhrough for a w"-k. , " T H E N. Y. TRJBCSK, in reply to ThefLaughter,1"~^v.During an incid&stal debate, M r. SPINNER saidthat the practice had been where men are excused th e feestotheScrgeaub-at-Armshavebeenpaidbythe Government.Mr. CRAWFORD (Dem., Ga.) thought that this a m u s e m e n t o u g h t n o t t o b e c h a r g e d t o t h e P u b l i c T r e a s u r y . . ^ ,Tb« appearance of Mr. JunkSn, of Pennsylvania, beforetheBaroftheHouseoccasionedadebate'astocausiDgberkneesandbeamstospringsomesixor nationsofBaltimore,says:wouldboagrandthirdbeat. Betsweremadeou2.:23| shewasgoingtokillherself. Thedoormanwasback-seven inches apart. Consequently she will have to undergo a thorough overhauling before she can go to seaa^ain. Itissaidthatsherollsbothdeepand"' It knows that at W t three foilrth« of all tho Oppo»iti«n journals of tho State irennsylvauia) are for Lincoln and Hamlin.' " There are a t least 150 Opposition journals in Penn-Mr. Thaddeus Hyatt offers tw o Premiums in our atd the horses, by their show, seemed to justify bhe ward and forward frequently, but took no particular* :sylvaniaandof[these,two,oratmostthree,support heavy,renderingheraverywetvessel Thethree tfnieBaltimorenominations. .TheJournal, towlhichadvertising columns for essays on the assumed right of eitherBouseofCongresstocullwitnessesbeforeany of its Committees, and constrain.those witnesses to a n s w e i 1 q u e s t i o n s a t s a i d C o m m i t t e e ^ d i s c r e t i o n ' . ' ' T h e subject is one of grave interest, and w o trust it will receiveathoroughinvestigation. •betting.- ' - - ' . ' . . . • " ;;p"|| c notice of her, a s sbe stood with h e r back against t h e Afterthreefidsestarts,theygotawayevehlvbu| door. Desiringsometimeafterwardtoputauother Floraatoncetook#1110'lead,andatthequarter'poll prisonerinthatcell,thedoormanopenedthedoor, was a length in ftont. As they entered t h e straight when h e found tho woman tied to the iron bars b y her i t r e t c b , P a t c b e n d a s h e d i n t o a b r u s h , a u d , w i t h a g r e a l g a r t e r , w h i c h s h e b a d t w i s t e d a b o u t h e r n e c k . W h e nflight ofspeed,caughther, andatthemiddle ofthO thusdiscoveredlifewasextinct. Herbodywanplaced araightwoik drew in front. T h e puce carried Flora; in the dead room tp await the Coroner's, investigation.s t e a m e r s r e c e n t l y b u i l t a t $ b i e Y a r d h a v e p r o v e d t h e m - s e l v e s t o b e t h e f a s t e s t , t h e h a n d s o m e s t , t n e s o u n d e s t , and the most efficient vessels in the Navy.T H IEK T T i u n i l n l yU N N K K a l l u d e s , c a n s c a a r n c e l y b e c l a s s e d , h o w - e v e r , a s a n ' O p. p p o s i t i o n ' p a p e r , a s i t ' g o n e r a l l y m a n a g e sto play into the hands of tbe Democracy. less,wecountitusoneofthethree."Untitled DocumentNeverthe-Thomas M. Tryniski 309 South 4th Street Fulton New York 13069PREPARATIONS FOR/DEPARTURE.' T H E GREATEST TROT EVER MADA:-upon the Piesident at noon, and were received, withtomary way, and trowsers an extra yard in hngth,andacopyofthailetterwill.beplacedintheir hands 1 wish you a veiy agreeable time during the.remain-stride brought him nearer to her Lead, it was in|vain; child bead^been ill she thought she would go to.the. attackedlytheAjaches,neartheHanoverCopper Idesire,formyself,topresenttoeachoftheCom- shepassedthescoreawinnerbyaheadintheIvon-,country,withitforafewweeks,towhichthehus- Last evening a fire occurred in the building No. 152 Mims, woiked by Metsrs. Hitikle and TMbauIt, on the missioners a gold medal, struck at the Mint, in com- derfitl t.mc of % minutes and 21 seconds. A \&ikr hftnd cheerfully acquiesced. She took the 7 o'clock-FIRSI.N-CHATHAMSTKEET.floorinthebeddingfactoryofMelien,Banks&,Wilcox, ins'ealing'ull(hemulesfromEwellStation,Overland bu'/fromWhatcausedidnottranspire. It was,*how- MailCompany,aswellasfromDragoon SpringsSta-Therehavebeenseveralpresentspreparedforhis Imperial Majesty theTycoon, whichwillbesentto your lodgings in the course of the.day. >remainingheretill a'later, hourdailythan heretofore,as he uiKierstood it was likely the Senate would concur ever, soon extinguished hv firemen. Damage to stock. lioii-" Information was conveyed to the fetation keeper of theApachePassStationby"afriendlyIndianthatit w a s t h e i n t e n t i o n o f t b e I n d i a n s t o " c l e a n o u t " t h a t station. Aparty<.fsixApachescame into thelittle*Mr. B A R K S D A L E JDemv Miss.) said that since he Co. Insurance (Jos. Damage to building, winch is the Overland Msil'rqufte; last niglt, and succeeded inTliefirstEmha?sadorbrieflyresponded,-andinhis forcedhertoher.noblestfeat,andwasbeatembyat h r e a t - l a t c h o n l y . .The heatover,thehorses,sooncooledoffwellaridThispropositionthehusbandconsideredperfectlv r a t i o n a l , a n d t h e y t h e n p a r t e d i n t h e m o s t a f l e c t i o n a t V manner. Tbe14thcame,andtbehusband, nothear- ing from bis wife, though he had written to ber, im -h n f - i n e s t , b u t i f g e n t l e m e n w a n t TO d e B v e r l e c t u r e s ; l e t themg*>toVeSmithsonianInstituli;;n.Mr. HUGHES moved a call < f the House.r e m a r k s a l i u d e d t o t h e N a v a l C o m m i t t e e , f r o m w h o mtheyhadrec*ivcd_mu<;hcareandattention. ThoPresi-where they were received by Mr. Cass, who-addrc&sed tothem afew words ofthesame purport asthose spokenbythePresident. Healso obsezved thatallready tact Talman not only gathered his horse to bispaceandsethimtohiswork,butforcedhimtoanun-surpassedburst ofspeed. While thiswaspassing,rvisit &e7eral Government institutions,'•.",.':^^UNIONCOURSE.Keff fcer legs for a moment, and 'Patcben opened out- a,The hour of 3 o'clock, which was the hour fixed Efortbe start, was overpast, and 4 had nearly come, leifreintide. After seven attemp's, tbe horses got awliyfonthe eighth, with an even g > off, hut with a.slight leadby Patcben. This h e retained round th e turn toi thequarter poJe. As they swept off from the turn, Floramoved up, caught Patcben, and. out-footing him soonshowed in front a length. A shout rent the. air, >a|pt-ingfr-om the lungs o f h e r thousands of .partisaujs landbackers. Down the straight au-etch they eped, Patcjbonseeming to wake up to the task before him.' By the jtime they reached the m'.ddle of the stretch he-wasgoing a t a wonderful rate, and, a few yardsfarsheri on, fe S 2 S m ^ <luite desirable. A n intimacy began,f.' T a1'.liter of the turn Flora moved up, and the two wentarrangements for the final departure of the Embassy McMann eased Flora off, and had her in hand seeming 'brought iu-'o Court, where a charge was made againstwonld be made as nearly in accordance with their ox actwishesas-circumstances would allow. In'refer- ence to tbe letter of re-credence, alluded to by the President, he stated that it would, according to thehim by tbe detective and the husband's friends, and h e »' wasimmediatelyremandedtoprisonindefault of e\y- ing $500 bail. ' eThe husband's friends, in consideration of tbe wife'k two lengths of her atthe half-mile pole. And now be- lamentable condition, andfor the little child's sake, def >mandedthatheshouldrescueherfromherterriblefate; tial manner to 8 inches thickness, and be tied into the talking about Slavery; " t o which reply some one re- States Minister at, Yeddo, w h o would transmit it to gan a brush. At"the head of the turn he caught, willh and take ber back to New-York, and probably from theto wait for Patcben.' • • ' ! .The slackened pace of the one, and the increasedpace of tbe other, soon brought Patcben up to withinmkrkhigtbat similar volumes had been sent by.this Wales, and came to this country- 'without friends or but all in vain. She came'liome the winucr of thechanical works,including a steam-enyinc, somein-tended for tbe Tycoon and some for the Commission-ers themselves, were in course of'preparation, andwould soon be ready to put in their keeping. Last of ever trotted!all; h e produced.twenty silver and fifty bronze medals, After this beat the marc seemed distressed, a n d d id cast in the same mold as thoHe given'.bv the President 'not cool'off well. The horse, though not apparentlyPofter.pl tbeNew-York Diocesohastakeutbematter in hand, and when *the evidence against Monro is re- ceivedrirom Cincinnati will immediately tako steps to expel him from the Church and the MiwWy" ONE MOUE UNFORTI-NATEGONETOHEUDEATH.'' > —Last night a woman 23 years of age, named Mar a Cassidy,committedsuicidebybanging herselfin on-* of the cells of the Sixth Ward StaUon-Hoase, where shewaslockeduponchargeofintoxication Shewas• ' . ' * • ' • ',.:,,•"- ;'tfThird Heat.—At the expiration of the half hour,! very neatly drewed, and when brought in by the no »oth horses came up still wet., and yet showing no lice ajijieaied to be in good humor, laughing aud talk-length in front.Flora was eared off, and Patcben strode away three • lengths iu advance, and ro'aintaiiwd ihis advantage u ptelligent little girl, now two years old. www.fultonhistory.comm 