 If. . . ..--•?*>-.,&.ixfhMA VBixna.Carpet Stwo, * ^, „ „ . tion but as a •^taranty for bis good faith. B. Baarnr's, Snsineas letters should to all cases beaddressed toT H »ful and desperately weak."know of no difference, morally, beticecn « direct " falechood and a deliberate andiciUfulmiaqttolaU^n "for the purpose of accomplishing the same result.**W e commenced by an allusion to tae impotent monster immortalized by Bunyan; but in view of the wholesome "sentiment" just cited, and of the source from which it comes, we are quite as forci- bly reminded of Joseph Surface, and the excellent apothegms with which he always prefaced and fol-lowed his meanest tricks. •"m.w^SBSSIPW:^W^^WY:->WiW>ffi$^W$%%$S$SBfSSSV^^K••:>ww^^-?^w®^y-'^•:•'.:?{;-*'^^>-'*''t',v-1-4-' , • '>• '—••- -•Ti---!'"^1.'.. "-'/^^^i. •^'•-.-I ••.'^^^mmjtMOBioominirnooooooooooooolooeooeooooeOOSOOOO BAIHOTJo T^nr oout of the Tariff of '42—yet they still hold up their into political, liquidation. Webtfve not yet heard criminate lash Mr. Schiirz, tbe people of SpringfieU' C •,- - « ;; .*Ha) «¥•$a0itt*6ft Notices.Bieckinridg'e and againat the Albany Regency. a Democratic triumph m 1860» TVhy not? It & T., and. it is feared that, unable to bear the low papers proceed to comment upon it witfe the harsh- Those wto: for the pat-1 week have busily been was by this means that they swindled Pennsylvania of so much business capital, they will have to go ness belonging to their style, visiting with an iadI*.|VANIMPOilew ex ' ft MM ft S> owrmwmvwo TTT •-REPUBLICANNOMINATIONS.cards,mayreceivetherebukehe has nowadmin- istered to them as beat they can. They mightASPEEt ; FnsioNO CO!r War irSfsj«W Otspater- . •" A;.'.James % -h ingfromthef He paid hi* end Dean Bicflattering. He'detailedat fusion, coo- madeby H. forcompronvFor himaeli joined hand«la couc!c*: Douglaa wot>: either from >To the- Aaaoclfct. . A i The Hon. J, €ity ou prrfe<friends flcrenar Speech m reel <they bad done ' the poHt^aJcawaspaet,ana Douglas Derm through the < Xiinctln frLoo. ibe hie .Secr«* fiuoceed Mr. •States, in. being in the &* tiotal party.•A. Douglas w< (Doogiaa) wa publicaoe. £cratic State Cc ity. of the defe was on tbe KiMr. Brady', any union, so Committee art a union is ette ing supporter* Kew-Yoik, ocHr. Bttt'iyoft o ooftStsertby to any P*rt of th* United Sute*, upon the arxxdpt wiTm*i]ofth« foll-iwlag measores, which will insure a pocfeot fit, for Ott, *li. *18.*ii«l SSHpardoaen. No order for- warded tot 1«M than bftlf & doaen shir**.Tb* •rssssSaTSS are M foUows: Nock—Tbe distance around It. Toko—Tb*roessoreaJCxomtbopoint*ofeachshoulder. Sleeve—-Tbo kwtfc ftom tbe oo»t»r of the back to th« srrist. srtth thearm boot. Bra—t Pisjfesnoo aroundjthe bodjr, under-the armpits. 12..JACOB B. CAKPKKTXR. Wtist—Distance around, alv> length of tbo shut.TTT TTT TTTForVice-President..?,Now-York:FOR PRESIDENTIAL ELECTORS. At Large:neither a trickster, a trader, nor a traitor; at anyvoted with tie great mass of the Democrats, inBAULOU'8 P. TENT I»*ov*»jfttMscn an SHIRTS, patented No**m 1.1*6*.» . .-,Aj*KA.f»FW) «o FIT. * A Vtww ftnui or SMUIT,amount of $75,000, yenter^y succeeded in getting in I860 is a Republican, and he voted with tie a commission from the United States Court to go Republicans for the Tariff bill of this year—notBy t i r # " | lb© above njeasartjAjf wo con guarantee a per- fect fit of our now siyle of the Jtarabvan FRKXCK YoKa SHIRT.AJSO—ImportersandDealersinAjfcs**Finunaxt?*eGOOD*. B i l L O S ( B u O T t t J t K * .No-:|UW Krrwidw,y. New-Y ork. Wboi.*waio trade supplied ou tboWHu-d urnw.THE STORM.—Duringth<:weekwehavehadtheFOTJIOOCU»1 Storm, •which su^gesti* to us tbo Twroe of KL vox, wboee lotos*stylo ©fbouar*» uoituwly marvels of beauty, ele- gone*a*idfashion.Those«rbodo«(:-ot*be'rooot'vodlogx>iso-JOBW F. VVi«si.ow. • JACOB H". T ax EYCX.,. N.FUSIONSHKLDOX. ROBKKT S. HAI.C.royal lady who is now sovereign of Great Britainorttolo for Dressinr, Beoatifylaal Cleanstos, Curling, Preserving sad Rostarto* the Hair. Lodie*. try it Sold by Druggists.GAS FIXTURES.BALL, B L!»oa fc Co.,Nos. S«S aad 5*7 Broadway,Corner of| Prtooe-sV,fa sdWflon to their bvge stooxjpf rich GOODS, offer for sole a Lvsesaaorano&tofCuABnaLiaksandGASFixnnuwofeveryand of the newesx lityles, both foreign and domesticTHE STEREOSC( PIC EMPORIUM,•E.Ajrraoar. o.SOXBroadway.OatalOgBes sent on reoeipt stamp. Photographic materials,'ar amateurs and the bade.ccpioos index enables one to find, wLbont trouble, whatever he wants. Every p Jiticion will find it a ready help.—[Anau,0Ja (Iowa) Eureka. -Price «1 per copy. Sent by moil, postpi'd, on receipt of price. DealersandClubssappliedutr>»teof$66per100. Termsnecessary that she-—our forlorn young friend— emrr>ent employee* will be luiooical to the property and peace of Southern comnitnitie*. Is' it likely that those oommnoitxos w i n should forego the gratification of recounting her submit to the perilons experiment 7 C»n they reason->bly oe ex- pected to wait until the negroes be taught that they ar« eatitiod to «u. Hi'dpatien urdr tbe-Conctitutiou, or uatil abolition has er> tr*ncb*d itself behind the offices aithe disposal of the General But we are wandering from the point. Our sin- Government. We think not. Let Lincoln be President, andbowmanymonthspurchasewouldtheUnionbeworth?">ooooooooooooooo.Jowjr A. K m .. EKWAHDH W. FWK*. .ANDKSW CARKIGAK.. JAXKS KKLLT. .SXGISXTOD K A r n c AXK. .FnXDrKlCK KATP.; W A s n i n e T o s SMITH.17.. ABIJAH BjiOTCWTTH. 18..HKNRT CHBRCUILL. 19.,JAXK» R. ALLAHRX. 20..8BXJ. N. HwKTtKOToy. 21..SHSRKAN D. PUKLKS. 22.. JOHIT J. FOOTK.faulting Postmaster, Isaac V. Fowler, to theif Broadway and Fultoa-st., ENGLISH CURPKTS.uir ov y\LICK*. Karats*n TtxrverMX*. il^c.THKXK Ptr sun Sci-aavis*, SO:.to ffJLOu^Cwi as, 30cIWftKArM CAaMCTS. V tO 4,'.Also, aa e*tnu*iv» a»aortiuei.t u ' Lowell and Hartford tnreo- ever is intended for Insertion must be authenticated by tbevijand soperfine lngr»$n-, V'vawtJ iu r « i | » ' k &o., at Ute Cheap name and address of the writer—not necessarily for publica-ctriy sbould ptooood 10 tne corner OMr. Fowler. It would also be interesting to know Free-Trader before he became aRepublican; sotha Adrprti.-emejats for T H E W E E K L T . T R I B U N E for tbia where the late Postmaster disposed of so much if The Post made him such,.it did it many years ago.tod purchase KNUX*t lotos'- sty!«.Lord Renfrew when he passes this office, in spite of our'firm conviction that a Prince is only a man, or, as in this case, only a promising lad. Thequotation refened to was in every case a deliberate, pitiful, cowaidly lie!No. 8 •iU.-.J .. near tbe Cooper InsUtate. Kaw-Y oRv TBiBTrarB.ONWARI> DEMOCRACY ! V UK;RE«SIVE IREEDOM • We cannotundertaketo returnrejectedCommunications.Tbo People's Votes—" bo 1'oor Man's Fo wer—mwt make wayior LuiT«m»l Libert), Fjee Jiabor, ood Kiee Loods, and New Edition and Enlarged.put down tbe bau^oty, arisrooxoUc Mouey Fower, Tll» THIRTRKJ4TM EDITION OFand too de»p^ac suo m-^^ual power*/of govern- THE POLITICAL TEXT-BOOKtog tbo laoor of men sad conaoUing God's I« NoWgRBADT, ,1 eartk oud (;ou'» proaucts of cartn, ln-But if we are thus weak, let us take time for consideration, and put a limit, to our imbecility.t«...o-o or all bu'bnlldren alike. With an Appendix, ooDt«inlng the following additions: FKOTOfJXAPKsof tb--«•••»:««»••«'ti»,«»d the he«ds of the People The celebrated Virginia ai:d K-nttick> Resolutions of 1798 andtubUtg to s lulghty jobj^ct, taken at 1799, which form a part of the D^uiocratto Nntionai Pl»tform. Housa*'» Faaa I*AJM»KFifcTfKif>ALi.KHr No. <95 BKOAOWAT, Various extracts from various Speeches of tbe Hon. STRpaasHtovquarters of the uow Order. The Sons of Eden, going for A DCCGLA*. delivered at va-ious times, and giving vorioun views liucoto sad all o^h-r nn>n who have Sympathy and Eqjal on the subject of Slavery in tbe Texrltories. and tue powers and JUghts in tbobr beads and hearts^ dotiea of congress In relaJtion theieto. ».••••'•*'•.Extracts from tbe Territorial Ltws of New-Mexico for the GAS FIXTURES, GASI' XTURES. protection of Slavery and White Serfdom, and tbe vote of the House of Representatives by Yeas and Nays on a proposition toNo. 707 Broad vay No- 707. declare such lawn null oni void.Tbo Largest and Best Selected Atfsortxnent The Pointt decided by th« Supreme Court in tbe ooae of Dredoil Scottogt John F . A. Sondford..copied from Howard's Reports. Faastca BRONXKB Tbe whole comprising a brW view of Pre»iden ial No>nlna- tions snd Elections, including all the Naional Platforms ever yet to tbo etty, for aalo adocted. A>o, a bi»tory of th» struggle respecting Slavery iu A T T*XT LOW P aicxa, tbe Territt-rlts. and of the action of Congress us to the Freedom By STKI-HJOI PHILBIX, of the Public Lauds, with the moat notable Sneecnes and Let- No. "07 Broadway, ters of Messrs Lincoln, Douglas, Bell', Caa«. Seward. Everett, Breckinridge. H. V. Johnson. &c. Sec, touching the questions ofBet'•svenj Waabio$ton-pb>co and 4th-it. tbe day, and Returns of all Presidential Elections since 1886. OP1JT10N8 OK THIS PRKH8.A VOICE FR4M ALABAMA. To POLITICIANS—A Political Text Book, oompiled by HoraceAladyfroxuAlabama•»>s,lui lettertot->eProprietorsof OieeleyandJohnF.Cleveland,hasbeenIssuedrromTanN.V". 1>R. J. B O T H * Do»as*» IJSI-BKIAI. Witt* B I T T K H » : TRjKrwa Office, containing such information as every• vot>r M Yoor traluable BiTTKhH have done much good In our village, ought to have in his own possession, and such as ho ao'.ive pol- and 1 wloh they were m too naads ot every w.orcan in the land, iti"iau can successfully work without,—[Baraboo (Wis.) Re-as I coosider tbem a blesaizig to our sex." Depot, No. 78 Wil- publ-c.ttam-st.. N. Y. ' Tbe Political Text Book, compiled by Greeley & Cleveland, isa work of extraordinary m*iit. and bhould be distributed i n ' BATCHELOR'8 HAIR pYE, Wig and Toupe© everyfamilyintheland. Itcontainsaaimmensearrayof f*ctn,let us jostle him or his suite overboard, or trample an>body under foot,in the fervid heat of our desire to behold with our own eyes the brow destined toFaotsry, No. 16 Bond-sc 'Private entrance for ladles. Tbo dyebea.iing directly on tbe is«ues now before tbe country. No stuuip speaker should be without it. Iu copiousindexwouldenable them to readily torn to any given information desired; and then, ifanyorowi»hed'totracetoechangesinMr.Doogia«'opvlitic<u career, this would afford a fund of knowledge on that subjeot th»t many of hi*admirers are not possessed of. By all means send foT tbe book—(Times. Olney, 111.A POLITICAL TJBXT-BOOK FOR lttSO.—Horace Greeley and John F. Cleveland of TMB N. Y. TRIBCSB have oompiled a volume of which tbe above i« tbe condensed ti'.le. which contains an im- mense amount of valoable poiiticil information of all kinds; in- deed, it is the most complete work of the klud ever published. The editors have performed their work with great care and re- search *ni the vast amount of matter whicu they have com- pressed into their pages ii really surprising. Sketches are givenLATEST NEWS, BESETTEDBYoccasions, for, alCliough the temptation is great,and the need likely to be urgent, the task is deli- MAGNETIC TELEGRAPH,eppMftOfathesky-bghtrooms. :jWHEELER &. WELSON'S)_^_^an avowal on your part that you do not really wRiit put what curb we can upon that amiable propen- Jersey,arenearlyunanimousinfavorofaProtec- aProtectiveTariff. Inotherwords,if-Pennsyl- sity,vWewillnotgivespecialcounselforspecialSxwuio-llACBurBa,So. 506 BROADWAT.Approved aiik* by Fomilieai Dressmakers,^inirtmakers, Gai- ter-bttera, VestzDokers, and Tailor* gertetal.y. Are the onlv At*- obiww tbat fully moot ALL tbo wonts of the puhtic. Sena for » Cfaoolar. | j _WILCOX ot GIBBS SEWING MACHINE.—"Ee-aaarkaMe for its staplicity."— Msbzatfia Advertiser and JournoL Prioe ggft. Office No. 50j BrosUVay. •principlesoft :«M Broadway.G R O V E ROULUVAX Si. lHivi"ATT. CELEBRA TEDlong time previous, and extracts from their speeches; election speeVienna from St. Petersburg, that " the good un- *' derstanding between Russia and Austria ought "never to have been interrupted." If this.be official, then we may add to it that fatalityCATARACT WASHING MACHINES. ~~* of allthepoliticalConventionsnelibytheprincipalpartiessince 1832; of all tne leading statesmen cf the same period and for aThe best in use. No rubbingand no wear. Try tbem. at No.BOurces of individual employment and of generalprosperity; they are-largely engaged in Manufac-and John F .Cleveland have compiled a political text-book for 116", wnicb such a Tariff as the Whigs established in 1842, andrivalry which she could not brook with patience, truth of an assertion in this correspondence to the had deprived her of a partner whom her heart cov- effect that that journal, in its issue of Friday last; eted, of dancing with whom she hoped to make advocated tbe secession of the Southern States in her little boast to her grandchildren a half century the event of Mr. Lincoln's election. Unfortunately hence, when the King of England shall be old and for the official organ ofvthe Government, a close& BAJ$of A POLITICAL- TEXT-BOOK.—Horace GreeleyE U R E K A SEwiNC-MACHrNES can now be pur- made the following nominations:every extreme Free-Trade measure or proposition, never once raising his voice or giving a vote for Protection,butsharinginthecounselsandemu- lating the course of the extremest Fire-eaters from the first month of his service at Washington down to his last, when, on the plea of illness, he kept out of his seat while the Tariff bill of I860 was voted down by the party to whioh he has always hitherto belonged.Pennsylvania has very generally voted as theSlave Power would have her: What has;been herreward? She has asked votes of that Power inreturn—pleaded for them—begged for them—whenefcosed wad paid for in \VXXSRI.Y or MOKTULT iNBTALutaNTs. Office No. 498 Broadway. Clttfts suppUed. >Agents wanted.BADICALCUREOF)[iRNL\.—Dr.S.N.MARSH,of tbo w«n-kn»wn bou»e of UAUSU It Co., No. 2 Vesey-sL, N. Y., devotf* apeoial attention to tbe »u-gicU adaptaiou of his RA»XCAL COHX TKUSI to all cases of rupture, however compli- cated. A visit to then* establmpment wilt satisfy patients or their ptaysiciana that"be Is prepared to treat all oases requiring mechan-Justice of Supreme Court Recorder..City Judge SurrogateBKKJ. W . BOSNTIT. ..:JoBsr W . EDMONDS.JOKXSKOGWICK. DA VID R. JA-JTRS.who has recently returned from Cumberland Co.,ion a-argery wttb *kii) and »u.,<*-*». Also, a large assortu<ent of terday with two days later news from Europe, but aUk and Lisle thread elastic St fusing* for vario<we veins. FemaleSupper em. Shoulder Biacoaji Improved suspensory Bandages,. owing to the derangement of the telegraph lino to ara Iswtrornenta fog physical ayoriaities.honor we can do ourselves, is, to let him alone. He evidently has no aristocratic contempt for the people; but understanding the strong desire to. see one who has so high a destiny before him, he is willing, like a sensible, anl good-natured young gentleman, to show himself from the balcony of aWe arenow openingatbur Cr-Tow**SBOW-ROOM, No. 43 East 14tn «t. (Union Square).A fine assortment ofjenlirely New Stales ofFXXMCU KlKX-du.T CHAXDJCUJKJ),BXACKHTS A C ,Manafoctured expressly for ihui e^tbhsoment. Parties in search of Choice Goods, wUl please call and examine the above; also,OVZ MiKKOKJlklld JtKO.VIJW.E. V. HACGHWOCT St. Co.Montreal, her news had not been received up to the time of going to press.—•; ,_ ± ,A BHght difficulty occurred last night at tbe^Few-York Hotel, in consequence of an assaultmade upon a member of a Wide-Awake proces-sion by a man said to be a Southern^. A meleeensued,,whichwasimmediatelystoppedbyacharge of Wide-Awakes, whose blazing torchesNicholas tightened to the utmost the reins of des- potism, aLd broke them forever. Alexander II., with all his absolutist and German friends, advis- ers and generals, will be unable^—and this we assert emphatically—to bring the Russian people, the Russian army, into a line with the Austrians,doubtless, to prop up extreme disunion- views in that border State of the South. I hear that Dr. Gwin writes here that he considers his reeHectw* as nearly certain. The only man in bis way is<MC- Gov.Weller.PINNERSETS,hopingthatitwillserveherbetterinthefuture Theblandishmentsofdiplomacymayhavemade safefromannoyance,theywillbeoftenenoughbe- TheNeapolitanMinisterhastakenleaveofourGov- than it has served her in the past? \j\ him forgetful of Austrian treason in the Crimean fore the public to gratify everybody. He wants to ernment, bis diplomatic -functions having been t?nni-nat«d by ihe recent revolutionary eventsia his own At the late session of Congress, a Protective Ta- war. But not so the people; not so the bereaved see us, as well as we to see him, and pray let us oounfcty.to plain white or richly decorated. . ;|GAS FIXTURES !/ GAS FixTcaaa !! Tbo attention of buyers ofNo. 631 Broadway.—that of Ways and Means, John Sherman, Chair- Orlofis and Neeselrodes, but the enduring braveryman—reported by the Republican majority of that and devotion of the people saved the national honorCommittee, the Democratic minority dissenting— of Russia at Sevastopol. These masses know too some and unpopular journey to the Great City, he passed the House by the votes of every Republican well that Austria and the Germans would prefer had occasion to pass a certain cave, which was sur- present but two, and one of these (Mr. Stanton of to see the crescent over St. Sophia rather than, rounded with the bones of pilgrimsslain by two old Ohio) is a firm Protectionist, but dissatisfied with the cross; that Austria is the greatest impedi- giants, Pope and Pagan, residingthere. John Bun-TxAS-tra,BRKAKvArr Sirs, ice, &c, FKj&Ncit CHIXA,effectually dispersed the hissing opponents of free feraoleto great variety. Aiso,(SeU painted to order with Goats speech.riff bill was drafted by a Republican—Mr. Morrill and widowed families; not so the masses, who bore be mutually accommodatingk of Vermont—referred to a Republican Committee the brunt of privations, losses and sacrifices. Not«f Arms, Crests, or initials.W. if. F. DAJLXT «t Co., *Jit-liable infonrntion has been received, showing that no dillieulty exists in tbe consummation of tha ee^ie* of the Bay Island* to the Republic.of Llouduriis, but the tiatiBfer has been delayed by the nlfibusterinj? attemptsThe stories as to the disaffection of the British real- dect? were exaggerations to promote his adv*staroafl schemes, nor -s there any truth, whatever, in the re- port that Cabanas, of Salvador, was friendly to his movements. The Central American State* were unit- edly preparing to make common cause against tbe in- vasion of any one of theai. For the first time they ars all now diplorxuilically represented here by Sr. Moliua\,la* himself was actiDg only as an aid to the Repub- bill, while the great inaBs of them fought it from tbe Moslems. The Russian people know that Gar I Homewhat wondered; but I have learned alnce that Pagan had lor COB.a Rica, '-Nicur-gua and Hondarue, and by fir.been dead many a day, snd as for the other, though he be\yet first to last. The bill then went to the Senate, ibaldi is fighting for the holiest rights and interests, tilive, he is, by reason of aje, 'and also of the' many shrewdCH»I>ALi*J«,i, KACxars, i c e , 4 c ,Car Gas is solicited to oar unrivaled assortment.[• W . J. F . D A I L B T it Co.,•;;,„,-',,-, i| Ne.631Broadwray. -FIRE ANO BURGLAR PROOF SAFES.(" VVii.naJi's PATKNT ")Tbo beat article made, perfectly reliable to both the abovequalities. AlsoW. W. BACOK'K BoasLAJt FKOO» BJJXK Sarga/" '<-..s . . Socurt-dby- Co-rxx?B PAT-aifT P»KJ*rrATiojr Ba2nc LOCK.We have on hand, at oar Naw Sroan, No. 335 BKOAOWAT, a lorse ood complete assortment of the above Safes, to which welays* tbe attention of the public. STKAH2»> tc MxHViy.date for Governor of this State, made a speech atAlbany last night, in which he denounced Douglasand his party in the most emphatic terms, pro-claiming no fusion, but war to the knife with thetraitors to the Democratic party. He charged thedisorganization in this State directly upon the the proposed duty on Wool—not half a dozen ment to the emancipation of Christians and of the yan, looking after him with someanxiety, says: Richmond-Cagger crowd, and declared that Doug- Democrats from the whole Union voting for the Slavi from the hideous, bloody,'degrading sway of " By tliis place ChiistJan wont without nmob danger, whereat- Ho. 335 Broadway, cor. of Wortn-st., N. Y. WIG*, WIGS.—CiJREJHUGH's ILLUSIVE WIGS ray, north-east corner of Keape-st, opposite A. T. StewoitsThis decrepit and malicious old party did histection. In vain did Mr. Bigler plead with those that the majority of its oppressors now intrusted " will never mend till more of you be burned." of articles aid stock have been made up to tbia time.No. 26b Bros* way, opposite HM City HolLThe wholeAgesjts wanud.however, have been provided for A*ediugand lodging the Democratic majority could not, would not give in their veins there flows not a drop of Slavic a fair quotation from a speech delivered last the multitude that is pouring in. ExcursionticketsTbeBoi^ThsCe^t tibo recett^ ett bodies ba'*| rosed that deadis Otheio anIHs4a»tCThen«" of the 'Sky fvll in wun] She was &o.The i>*»i tovn,D,*'LADIES, A TTENTION iM iasesand Chi'dino's FAMOT HATM.HECliJKBi*'FARINA JB^LLY—A delicioua dessert *\and tbo best sabstitate for »ni<nsj food, enriches tbe tables of the Aster Hoo»«, and all tbe principal saloon*. HRCKXM*' Forln* Boisaraso prevent bon<to|$oc aborebing; Jelly Molds of various•: gThe political campaign was opened in earnest rest persisted in fighting the bill until they killedtive ancestor."There Is your Declaration of Independence, a diplomaUo dodge, adopted merely for the purpose of excusing the rebel- lious colonies in the eyes of civilized mankind. There is your DeclarationofIndependence,nolongerthe sacredcodeoftheNowCsmsd-si.,nearEastBroadway.PHILADELPHIA Tuesday, 8ept,25,1800. TheRepublican*oftheXHIthDistricthavenomi-SPALDING'S**l,*r-*feEi *d by H. C. HrA.address, Box No.ARE» GLUE."—ITribuna. ssrwiUKK.k Co., No. i8 Cedaz-st.S. & T. leads us to say that we feel deeply the ne-cessity of announcing to them that Mr. Brady de-nounced their recent advertising Fusionquiteasunreservedly as any of its numerous predecessors.In his judgment, the time for compromise of anysortwiththe Douglasiteshasgone by; andheisdeterminedtowagethewaragainstthemtothein the House for a bill which gave them all they could aak, is hostile to Protection, and that the party which .could not ba induced, even by the imminent danger of losing the Presidential Election,and the Union is in greater, danger than ever. The new Fusion, piebald pattern, took very well with Richmond, Cagger & Co., who warranted it offast colors; but Mr. Green (who ia, apparently,up by. a batch of artful pettifoggers, who, whou speakiug of the ri«ht8of man, m*ant but the piivileges of a set of aristooratic slaveholders, but i>tylod it the rights of man, lu order to throw dost in the eyes of the world, and to iuvoigle uobleheartod fools intolendingthemaidand assistance. These are yoor botwted revolutionary sires, no longer heroes and sages, but accomplished hembuggers and bvpooritea; who sold one thing and meant an- other; who passed counterfeit sentiments as genuine, and ob- tainedarms and money and assistance and sympathyon falseIn tbe Vllth Congress! >nal District the KepubUcaas have renonvnaUd Ilenry C. Longueoker.In the Vllth Distriot the Democrat* nave nominated Thomas B. Coopor of Lehigh fox Congress,, BOSTON, Monday,boot.25,low. The Republicans of the vlth District to-day nomi- nated John B. Alley for reelection to Congress, andBOSTON WBEKI-Y W N K STATEMENT.Tbo following ore tbebOHTou, Tuesday, Sept. 2o.of our Bana Statement for theto give half a dozen votes in both Houses for this just as wicked a man as James T.-Brady), whenJohn G. Wbittier for Preeidential Ifloctor. ;The Hon. Charles H. Pionkett of Hinsdale, ws*CapttatStook $37,331,700 £ o i n * and DisoounU «4,**,«C0toother bonks. «9,286,422oranyotherProtectiveTarifF,isr yet thefriendof itwasprtsentedtohim,declareditwouldnotwash,Protection! And the same men who boldly assert- and he would have notning to do with it. The con- pretensw,: There Is your great American Revolution, no longer known aa a manufacturer, and Direotor of the West-Specie..,..D W f t o a . other b'nks.'.-<;»,37o,484 7,M7,WyptSowf* st * • ft • * • irculatlou »•*••**•19,458,033 <131,186thegreatchampion'ofuuiver.olprinciples,butamoanYankee ernRailroad,d-edlastnJghU.ed and argued in '44 thak Polk was a better Pro- seqecce ia, that the worthless goods, in the pre- trick [bursts of applause and laughter]—a wooden nutmeg—tbe The Grand Jury of Norfolk County have return.**WEDKESSDAY. SEPTEMBES 26, 1880.heads among honorable men, and their ears seem rwho heard him, and the whole Republican party.. t»>"Mark, now, how plain a tale shall put yo«i" down." «_ • • / • " i-Mr. Douglas had given to the DecTaratio* of ' Independence an interpretation which limited it t» white men, and had said that the opening sentence was only meant to declare that British subjeota ia America were as good as British subjects i GreatBritain. With all the force,of his eloquence, Mr. Sebiirz opposed this coctrine, and insisted thai such a theory would retdf r necessarya new read- ing of history. Tfcen follows tbe paragraph quote! above, and, joined to it in the original but sup- pressed by these dishonest journals, appears this sentence:" Tbst Is the way Mr. Douglas wants you to read and to under- stand the proudent page* of Am«»rlc*n history! That K tb« kind of history with which be fitids it c«cfO*ary to prop ids mongrel doctrine of popular sovereignty. That is what h* c«lu viadioat- ii-g the character, and tbe motives, and the conduct of fata sign- er* of tbe Dtdotation of IndepmtiVnce." '••.WILLIAM C. BRYANT. JAMUS 0. PUTNAM.District*:the Pennaylvania Democracy. Bat Mr. Hamlin8..WILLJAX A. DAKLIS-O.9..WII.L1SM B . RoBa&TS«OIT. 25..VVir.LiAM VAX MARTKR.at Washington at the time their bonds were givenfor him. It would not be surprising if Mr. Fowlershouldswearthat,duringthePierceadministra-tion, he was a defaulter; that his friend, Mr. H. F. '' New-Yo.k," i» another cry. Certainly he is andlO.iGiOBQSM.GBIRR. ll..RcreH H. Kij«e.26..JoH^fE.SBBLKT. 27..FRANK L. JOXRS. ,'. 28..JAMKS S. VVA»«WOKTK. 20..EZRA M. PABHOSB. 30..CnAKL<w C PARKER. 31.'.ELI!>RAS.^.VRALKS. !<2...TOHN GRKJNKR, .TK."andheheadstheLincolnElectoralTicketinClark, labored with Mr. Buchanan for his reap- does; and Mr. Bryant is a Republican. JUis it, butor>ly because he is the eldest son of the9ForGovrrno'......................ED^IN For Jjicvxtnant.GovernorFor Canal CW«»i**#i'<.*er Forln*peclor*/StatePrisons.0.MORGAN. R >BERT CAMPB &LL. SAMUEL H. BARNESS.JAMESK.BATES.whoissuretobechosenPresidentintheyear1876? atrocityasthatchargedupon him. The verywe«k must be handed in to-day.money, especially if, as some suppose, it was ex-pended in behalf of the Administration. There is but he did so, not because it was Protective, but wisest will not turn away from a.sight of one about language, of comment? In the same number ofCourt" fcc.—[binghbaamiton Standard.tures, and know that these thrive and expand under83..JA.M"K? P ARKBR.accept it. It ie a natural feeling. Who of us«• No notice can he taken of Anonymous Communications. What-TO C0BRE8P0XDENT8.but little doubt that Mr. Fowler will make such developments as will absolve his bondsmen from all liabilities on his account. 'because it was not Protective enough.. So that the sum total of Free-Trade strength on the Republi- can side of both Houses'of Congress was one—just exactly one vote out of one hundred and thirty or thereabouts—and, as Gen. Spinner reti/es with the present House,.it ie as likely to be reducedreturns for Pxecidest since 1836; ahistoiry of the straggle forreturns for Pxecideitension-, the p<owers t Slavery Extension; the powers and>f thaggl'N o i s n u u s Ssi"Tbo best to use or Farnliy Sewing.No. 4» Broadway, New-Y ork. No. 183 Fulton at-, Brooklyn.THE WHEELER & WILSON SEWING MACHINE statistician in the country. They have tried to avoid political g*ew directly out of the Harrison triumph of 1840, baa been awarded tbo highest;[premium at the Kentucky State bias, snd as for as we nave been abls to examine their T«xt-23.. IllHAM DaWKT.' 24.,JAMFS L. VOORHKOVI.hardihood can deny.'" But Mr. Wm. C. Bryant is a Free-Trader,•itle dutiesSupthe supremo/'NEW-YORK KJtlLY*TRIBUNE,"WEDNESDAY, SEPTEMBER•:'r-...,...making merchandise of Mr-Brady's name, andwithout authority from him offering to traffic himaway aa a condition of this or that shuffle of the ui;C opped. Who more than Pennsylvania herselfwill be in fault if they thus swindle her again ? »•But Mr. Hamlin voted for the Tariff of '46,M ft For President \. * B B A H & M X«r?iCOf,rY, have understood before that James T. Brady is they cry. Certainly; he was a Democrat, and hehow much they will be able tot turn over to their Cooper Institute creditors; but it is feared that their asfeets will be natbing to speak of.T H B PRINCK'S COWIIVG.When in the course of human events a born Prince shall visit a nation of born democrats, we shall find this tiuth to be self-evident, that all men are naturally snobs. A belief in the native nobility of human nature comes by the grace of God, or by careful culture, and is by no means an original eentiment of the unregenerate heart. Tbe anxiety and curiosity to see the Prince of Wales are quite as universal among us as if we were all subjects of the British throne. And this intense desire is, notbecause this young gentleman has ever done, or perhaps will ever do anything whereby the world shall be left happier or wiser than he found-..rate, they willbe likely to reMember it hereafter. accordance with the recommendations of the Dem- ocratic President whom Pennsylvania elected—Messrs. Law and Conover, sureties to the de- voted as did Vice-President Dallas, the chosen ofuonly voted for it, but spoke for it, and did his best to the state of his accounts with the Department to secure its passage. These are facts whioh noto Cuba, and take the deposition of Mr- Fowler ispointment,becausehewouldotherwisehavebeen EveningPostisanableandinfluentialjournal—itaiuinedman; and that it was well understood at denounced Mr. .Morrill's Tariff bill of this yearWashington, when Mr. Buchanan did reappoint- moftt. iotemperately and persistently, and called onhim,thathewu*largelyinarrearstotheGovern- Congresstovoteitdown;andoneRepublicanment. .We say we should not ne surprised if suoh (Gen. Spinner)—just exactly one in both Houses— Would not you Sir ? or you Madam ? For our clearness of this truth, however, enables u« to sea,weretobethegistofthedevelopmentsmadeby respondedtothatcall.Gen.Spinnerwasanultra partweshalletrainour.eyestocatchaglimpseof beyondtbepossibilityofamistoke,thatthemis-One other Republican in all voted against the bill;Does 27ic Journal of Copnmerce object to this whom all are curious, though that universal curios- that paper which contains the perversion here al-It would appear by the report of the Controllerto the Board of Supervisors, yesterday, that ourDistrict-Attorneys have been either dishonest or as increased in the next Congress. On the Demo- If we must run after this young gentleman, let usnot do it in such headlong fashion as to endanger tion. An inquiry being made as to the amount of all that Pennsylvania can send, there will not be a our lives or the lives of our neighbors. Pray do notdelinquent for the past ten years, with one excep-cratic aide, counting in the neophyte Douglas, and dizen Democrats who will even pretend to favormoney returned to the City Treasury on accountof forfeited recognizances, the Controller says thatthe only. District Attorney in the past ten >earswho bag paid in any such funds was Mr. Peter B.Sweeny, who, during the term in which he served notoriety. You know whether THE TBIBUNE, lo- far aB.we know them, by the laws of good breed- A correspondent earnestly inquires our opinio*—Btmethin^g-less than a year—paid over $2,639 95. From this statement it is dear that tbe District--Ocated in this focus of Importation and of Free-Tradeing and the dictates of common sense, remember-ing that " a man's a man for a' that;" remembering that should we never see a Prince, our liveswill be none the less long, our virtues none the less opinion has been so often expressed that it cannot transcendent, and our substantial happiness—when be in doubt. Both these persons were prominent the first shock is over—none the less deserved orinfluence, has ever faltered in its support of Protec- Attorneyshaveeitherneglected to takeg>odand tion,orhasbeenearnestandoutspokenthroughtheconcerning the nomination for members of tha Legislature of D. C. Littlejohn at Oswego and Of Austin Myers at Syracuse. * On this subject oa*sufficient security for the appearance of prisoners, and so were unable to collect the straw bail in the case of absconding culprits, "Or else they have received and pocketed the proceeds without author-twenty years of its existence. You cannot shakeour devotion to the cause which we know to bethat of Industrial Development and the NationalGrowth, even by repeating the idiotic madness of1844. But there are others less tenacious becauseless deeply grounded in conviction than we are; lutely necessary. But let us consider how great Albany, it should not be the work of Republioaaity.Committee of the Board of Supervisors for investi- gation.PKNNSYJLTANIA AW1> TIUB TARIFF. The people of Pennsylvania., like those of New-The subject was very properly referred to aProtection.Men of Pennsylvania! we state to you facts."' *"drawn from official records—facts of the widestbe encircled by a diadem.Let us be governed, socontains a l^rge collection of favts for speakers and politiciansin the per ding Presidential canvass. Xhe editors are every way the Democrats destroyed in 1846. They know—>compelentto the task tbey have undertaken. Greeley is wellpos'ed on public matters, and Cleveland is the beat political at least, Ihe most of^em do—that the former tentions, and events which may bring about the gray. frlP can suggest only one reflection as a examination of its article bears out what wasF sir, held at the Bowling CreOn, It also carried off tbo first Book they have succeeded. There is btirdiy a day passes by in as did the latter out of the defeat of Clay by Polk which we are not made the. referee to deciae some politicdoverthrow of the Bourbons and the Hapsburgsmay make an end of the Romanoffs also. If thetelegraph speaks the truth, then it is only a proofthat Alexander II. is following in. the steps of hisbalm to these wounded spirits, while we exhort• before said upon rather a cursoryperusaL I quota" them to calmness. A half century hence nobody from it as follows:will remember, positively anything about the mat- "What limits 8bHll be placed to the encroachments of Northern fanatics if Lincoln be President? An Anil Slavery Adrrdnistra- ter; then the number of old ladies who ir/1860 tion v.11] hav* it» office holders qnietly at work In every locality; introducing abolition virus, and graduaUy but surely so wing thedanced with the Prince will be enormous, and the reeds of dWfleotiou among the negroes The Post-Otnce will bo convertedir.toaniocnin*forscatteringHelperaudSpoooerlibelapremium at Pittsburgh, Penn. jThus for the WHKKLKH &. Wix.. sow MACiuna has distanced all competitors. Oaice No. SOSdispute or some wager on on eleotoral return; every man oan now be his own ntezw at the trifling expense of one dollar.— [Louisville Journal.in 1844. Swindled as they were in the latter year by the cry or "Polk, Dallas, and the Tariff of " '42," they are not so easily duped as formerly— theydonotsoreadilybite atanynakedhookthat may be labeled Democracy—and it.is found neces- sary to resort to bolder and broader lying to temptthem to fresh suicide. Hence Mr. Douglas's re- cent advance upon even his own former flights of audacity,inmakingastraight-outProtectionist speech at Harrisburg, and denouncing the Negro question as the great obstacle to the enactment of a ProtectiveTariff;whenhe:has,forthefifteen.Broadway.BARRY'STRICOPHEROES isthebeetandcheapest workliall'h-it It claimstobt>.and is iuvalnable. It«fulland'We have received a copy of " The Political Text-Book," for which we are Indebted to THa TKIIUI.SK Office, New-York. TheuncleAlexanderI.,who beganas a highmiuded,liberal reformer, and ended as a misanthrope and probabilities of the case will by no means render it broadcast. PoBtrrasters, Marsha's, and the whole array of Uov-cash.AddxossT AX TRIBCNB, New-Y ork.youthful honors.TheHon.ThaddeusStevensofPennsylvania, will upeak to the people of this City at the Cooper Institute to morrow (Thursday) evening.. ,• •'.gle and serious purpose is to exhort our fellow-citi-In respect to the above it should be stated that;The Republican Judiciary Convention. last night yeois he has been in Congress, voted or spoken forof the spies of Austria, because Garibaldi hasbelieves that this expulsion and the reorgani- are sometimes too free and easy.- Let us all goit is operating in this city and in the eurroundisgThe Anglo-Saxon arrived at Farther Point yes-•" \The Hon. James T. Brady, Breckinridge candi-••lican*-.The Commissioners of Record yesterday suc- wherein every Republican supported it, yet it was and that the rule of the Bombas 'forms a bloody ^brushes tb&t he met with in bis youngetf day», grown so crazy-*r-JPeimsylvanlii State Fair.Special Dispatch to Tbe N. 1. Tribune,WILKKSBAUUE, Taeeday, Sept. 25,18G0.ceeded in obtaining a peremptory mandamus fromthe Supreme Court, comipelliog the Board of Su-lost—not because (as Mr. Douglas pretends) the time was absorbed by Negro questions, but because thero was a Democratic majority in that branch,page in the history of despotism. But, above all, the Russian natien feels through all its veins that it is reaching its full strength, and that it cannotHDdstifl' in hisjoiuts that he ceu now do little more thau bit in bia cave's mouth, grinning at pilgiirhs us they goby, and biting Ids nailH because he cannot come at then!.",of tbo too* of tbo steamer Lodv Elgin. Ladle* and Children's work of no sort of use to anybody? or do the Com- could not shake them, because they would just as censors, and most of its spies, have been and " good face on it; and so went by, and catched of tbe State, the books of emry will be continued openpervisors to insert $80,000 in the tax levy for theirstood preeminent for JJgbtneii. beauty and fit. No 290 Brood- use. Is this money to be exppended, like the and this .majority was immovably hostile to Pro-, be trifled with by Alexander II. It remembers beBt to injure Christian, calliivg out to him: " You here to-day at noon. Upward of three thousand entriesother vast Bums before it, in paying, favorite con-" GptD H A V E M E R C Y O N U S . " — S e e particulars tractors five-fold more than the standard price for whoee faithful servitor he so long had been—he with power, the creators of its secret police, its! But the pilgrim wisrly " held bis peace, and set a In consequence of the rush of exhibitors from all partsLira- pKnonxvixo TV AISTS, m*x/lis* perfect safety frour drown-ing. Dsa>AAO Liss-Pajuucxviito CuAT AND VasT CoxpAXT, missioners mean to apply it to the liquidation of soon consent to vote for the ^Vilmot Proviso as foruntilWednesday evening.Ex-Preeic'ent James Gowen, Ex-Gov. John Geary,aer chiefly German vagabonds, who came to Russiato make, fas aut nefas^ their fortune.from the business ? If the latter, we can assure aro but two different ways of attaining nation will remember that the stains in the na- potent, is. a portion of the anti-Republican pressa Protective Tariff. To their apprehension, theseTbe largoot and most elegant '• variety In the city. G-rats' and them that the public will be, heartily glad to be so the same end. In vain did the Democratic tional history, the nightly murders and police of the country. An illustration of this shall be panied by a large number of members with a band ofdebts already contracted, and then quietly retireQuito as malicious'-as old Pope, and equally im-and Ex-.Gov. Ret-der arrived last night.The steam fire-engine Decatur of Frankford, acooss-B o y s ' HA TS and CAJ-S, c l u o . magnates and office-expectants of Pennsylvania conspiracies, are principally of German origin. given. In 27ic Journal of Commerce the other KjtJULOMi, No. 881 Conal-st. cheaply rid of them; but should they resolve tomnsio, is on the ground.$40. / P ARKER SEWING-MACHINE, $40. persist in the costly course which they have been make pilgrimages to Washington to set forth the And, above all, the Russian people may suddenly day, and in several other papers, moved by the same The railroads are crowded to their utmost limit wish .Futax CLASS, D ^ r m s i'i!k**D, purauing, it is probable that the next Legislature absolute ruin which Democratic hostility to Pro- wake up to the fact that the Romanoffs are no bitterness of spirit toward the Republican party, pasHngsrs to vh»it the Fair. Ample accommodations,Rapid and Noisoi—», under Patents of Howe, Groveirlt Baker, Romanoffs at all, but Holstein-Gottorps, and that"Wfaeeier A Witovn. Ofhoe, Vr. s»ojr A Co., No. 460 Broadway. will be honest enough to give them the coup de tection was inflicting on the party in their State* the following paragraph appears, purporting to begrace.way.- Douglas staid away from the Senate; the blood, nor of that of Peter the Great, their puta- Winter at Springfield, Mass., by Carl Sohurz:are issued by till tne railroad companies.Congressional JVomlttatlons.• .idxes, forms, snd paUerus. For sale at tne esuthiisnutent, No. S lafct night on the part of the Hards, in a speech at it. And now the laboring masses in Pennsylvaniais stronger yhah the best wishes, impulses, or in-andIieland.Wedonotquarrelwithtbefact;weTheintelligentreaderofanyparty,needsnoK proof to convince him that Mr. Sebiirz could nsvorwould not run to see tbe remarkable young man have been guilty of committing so atapid anity may show that the democratacheart is deceit- luded to, occurred this editorial remark: " Wesecure.persona a thing, for the time being, almost abso-in the corrupt legislation of last Winter. Aecord- ingly, both of them ought now to be defeated. Or, if they must be sent back to pursue their career atthe probability is of our making egregiousand we tell you that the triumph of Pro-Slavery voters.fools of ourselves—to be remembered afterward Democrats in the pending contest in your State 1with some degree of mortification —and strive towill be regarded and treated by the country as THEtive Tariff. Questions concerning Slavery, and all otherpolitical topics, hold a subordinate pla'se in their regard to this one—" By what action on our " part shall.we secure the effective Protection of" Home Industry ? " They have inimense beds ofIron and other ores, whioh they know by experi-enceare transformedby a Protective Tariff into isatelegraphic dispatch reported as received in not control,an etiquettewhichshe.detested,oradenounced ';J On some a! XUchmofcd &nvania does as she did in '44, she will reap just sucha reward for it as she did ia '46. And who can saythat she will not have deserved it ? cate. W e fear that often ' " rage and envy willI t isA good thing to see him;with someRUSSIAAmong the intelligence brought by the Adriatic The Constitution, with foul epithets, denies theAN1> AUSTRIA.a despot. But the liberal and noble career of theuncle lasted longer than that of his nephew; be-sides, Alexander I. had not the inherited ex-perienceofhistwosuccessors,NicholasI.andhisson, in repeated Austro-German treachery. IfAlexander H. has really thrown himself into zens to that seriousness of behavior and soberness however it may fire the hearts of many at iko thehandsofGermans,ofthesecretpolice,and ofmannersthatshouldmarktheconductofapeo- extremeSouthtotakethepexilousstepofdisunion,ple whose pride it is that they are free and inde-expelled an infamous tyrant from Naples—if he pendent, and whose shame it ought to be that they district to build up Republicanism. An officialand see the Prince in a respectful and decent way,then he may be assured that a legitimacy so and behave as little as we can like blackguard of the cry of disunion that they avow their inten-zation of Italy" endanger Russia and his throne,Maryland,saysthathundredshavebecomesosickcoupled with that of the Hapsburgs or Bour- hackmen who waylay and seize upon unhappybons, is not worth a farthing. The time is travelers at Steamboat landings. ' The Prince, will be a large Republican vote in Maryland. It is past for the Russian people to yield a dumb though a prince, is also a gentleman, and the high- for this reason, probably, that Mr. Yancey is to obedience to the whims of their autocrats. est gratification we can show to him, as the highest speak in several places in Maryland, with a view,did she ever get them ? What reason has she for to oppose the liberating armies of the South-West. hotel. If he and his suite can feel that they are To tbo Associated Press.WASHINGTON. Tuesday, Sept, 25,I860.ThepatrioticlaborsofH.,S.&T.'sDryGoodsdate for Governor. Our sympathy for Messrs. H., gave its every vote in the Senate,and all but two Committee have come to naught, we regret to say, lights of man, but a hypooritical piece of special pleading, drawn nated D. K. Shoemaker of Carbon for Comrrees.Albany, by James T . Bftdy, their popular candi-aretobemadetobelievethatthepartywhichend. No Fusion—strict adherence to principle—these form the motto under which, aa we are as- tectionist than Clay, are jto day as impudontly paration of which a very heavy outlay had been most impudent imposition ever practiced upon th«> whole world." an indictment of willfnl murder against George Horsey, .:D:1L DWWKT.OfROCHKsTB»i to agent for the sale of TuxTutMVMtt. He receives the mos iUi edition at 2 o'clock p. m , sured, he intends to uttnnp the State in behalf of proolaiming that the way to Protection lies through made, were thrown back upon the Hands of H., S. Having printed this as a fair quotation, those some months ago. bf tbe Newspaper Expects TiUntitled DocumentThomas M. Tryniski 309 South 4th Street Fulton New York 13069•^-- ./•M R . S d U I t Z ANJtt H I S A S S A I I . A N T S .From Washington. We fear that sorro v Special TMspatoh to The N. Y. Tribune.gentleraoncol gave them th received ^f-hAfter tbe loud calk, S. calling on at their candidal the Cooper IrjTwo JDAKIUY AL. OF 'The ste«m< 13th, via l»n Point at 21o'< days later tnaSince tbe an the wires b*r ceased workm obtain a wordTheAng^ hour to-morroT h TK:Tbe UmVd Grier and Die sworn in, as Cannon »>t-.t«forethe Gran low,.aswitnc and otber p-aiJfickalow. • Confined in talkative. aa< to kill any o-xAfter Urn charged them eeaa. The :vc to crimes w « States author*3gr»*T p, ..-*irJlH«e'i!-Si •a«a ebbs an<« »MW of U c ship's COS euch j>»r»<ir> **>*: conrfctsd b»-:" dMrlct lit* nel found,sh&iir.ffThe Judge respect'ng'is* fifa&sfiela. ih< the body vr 4« fcle sea tirn would sscare of la^- B< or decompojthe **»»,' vh would be imf, very ctea-iyparticular!;,where a wl their'bodies t begover»»-al to one foirui convk*i<lo < o ted. Ttie t4gronndsoi <jneeucns «( under the urM o rMr. Den a I .fin 'ytMerttag preeentrunia*MrJ. Do- it friende.in liiiOTioyeiD>V.1'"KTLord Keni gratified %v-t To-day tbo R4fnn4w kilfil^niUer .flj a special r.a" t h e bosom wound" whereties of the sex should Teign.awaits more than one where a fate which she could W ASHINGTON, Tuesday, Sept. 25, I860.only the gentler quali-When Christian was traveling on his venture- of Gen. Walker. " f^T.; ;.-;• -"no hurt."tion to support Lincoln. It is certain that theroYrrisssri for Salvador and Guatemala.Tbe Fair of the State Agricultural Society openedfor poisoning Betsey FrancesTirroll, in WeymontrO,>t. www.fultonhistory.comssssasSsss 