 :r- - &•.''•^?i-fatItheycannot fix any particular thing hponmittees, the has descended Senate. This has generally been considered Douglas partytrom its independent isolation, and consented evidence that he did not anticipate the imata- to enlist in the common cause of Anti-Hepnb- diate dissolution of the Union, or he wouldU-Ba^eys stand, identify their action with thatthat union is not impossible,jnqralMsiK.; •-°—-'"-— -:r-2BaUwar Accidents.UtonIsecond for life. Datid degree, fanprisonmentopening theyworthily ooeontod.set^" ItSof the Slave-trade. Wemen have thereby by the General Conference of the M. lE. coinbination.lUi 'IIfiveseverely,Atthougfaimportance to theae people who are malAed weed are antheatically imtdaimed to be mu- caBod SBowaakw.hy ^MMM, at |Mofallays pains hunger,and relieves the im-thewho remonstratesSouthgreatdifferenceiaSSLMdVtaM uanil^M^^ior inlijut iiTiiiin theirdemands of the Southern States.againstCaroliaa^7^:www.fultonhistory.com,of still, knowing how easily a casual remark may of thebirth,should like to know why steel tires and —axles, Lincoln and Hamlinand will hardly be re-i^HtQaof'*A€|||^ tHL, karilg; VM^;repeatedly>CtHnptrollertncurepNMtatedhyMr. niMWrIfatn confr Umtti/,or rrtantHawsand the evanescent smoke that curis from thegood man's pipe, might puzzle an Oriental "d Speaker Pmystagogue or confound the metaphysics of mort aahitaxy Influenoe te i^wmmiijfiAquinab himself. Bat it has been discovered colsand. ttposition membeis to the seataf^r^SS-—yj?^^ ^-n~-.^ <m <i«ro anmforlum-assuww»_ «ha'*._^S^nr-ToBT8Hn*WssuT Tnos, a largemight" making(W«ekI»)-r«roHoOAH, for manslaughter, in killing Thokas matter is known will be led to overlook it by HcLadohlik, was sentenced to four years in Sing any church influence. We cannot beliefe,ir^iBESTIAC\gentleman in North In which he de- Carolina,henceforthincompatiblewith nuccsr regaliaa,of the Ittte adbndttad to the Ccunlry.;to-the Soatkem banks, sad fbmirT MMIls tlaia a"W(aad Casb-Contervatisin;foremost among them it place%-the Repudia- tion of all their Northern debts, li they canonly get rid of the Federal Constitution, they will obliterate their indebtedness to NorChem merchants forever. Disunion is to operate,Do you believe in therated, and the most glaring and outrageousof the battle-gronnd, are among 1 aid dlseussed in tills number.XTTma contains, in addition, itswithout cause ?CitT._RailwayShare list, vesterday,and theStockEx- c^Aige cl<Me4jenerally inn ^ the afiemoon atworks of cheap enginetr(ng that we readabout every few monthsr'aa to'be quite indis-tinct to tlie The fliet ia, how- gederalpdbUe.greatTaa.£uizB—An OancT President ?transmits further coabaniiig the plana of Disunion fore thesecession to its utmost limits. The queistion was, whether Mr. BascKiNRiDOK would sustain the Union if Mr. Limcolh shall be elected Pres-means for drain-dustry ;aand now within a short time, we—We havoAanConfederation in the event of Itefetebig unable to retain the power they havepublic,i^BlMnl mi tillnever can be to broughtIcooperate in adis- tobacco, in which, while generally condemn- union movement, luless upon direct and aa-^IJPU , .lu v"-"'"_ _^hawing iii>fii(iit ih ^liTofwisc(»»»in.-g»^Og«*^"^ theeue. OhriatUni^(iiwlevkostllenow paymentfortUUmwUoiialmida«tw.tawftontliis the Cit/thousand. Thea£nirpasaed'off »<Jraw.ierTed»ti«< enthusiaam and good iseUng.Never &dm our Common COnaeil, as atallowing others to do itIt baa been auppoaed that Mr. Odxll, by for the reception extended to the ftiture B3ng,pose.becroeofilitfr.i lilfril ^Bt'^tttnaiyldeney, lathaaflliaiMadraad'' iV) to pobUihed erarrthe number in the proceasiOD isestimated with theat sixgreatest vorpresentoonstitnted, can he ae>enrepaymentidenticalwith those ofeconomy.from the Chariestonare in use and ordered; trestled and prac-::It willof the Federal Cabinet ablycome home somewhat closely to their these^^Uni at tM South; Oie aUeged ths conflict in this State be-andMercury.IPatbiokHnrinsBT,forthis is an occurrence of conuderableOhio Chiireh and the fumes of ^^ shsw Y'v^giBiM.T.,Mr g)oqr oMepwsafcgX^^^^^^Brecldaridge Smoked oat. 'We have already published the meagre ex> ly^.TheBankretorhgivesafurtheraccession tracts'ofalettertromUr.BaicuilBiDOitoafor ao life, itaid^'jaiie^Ae'top lateetftl^ day^ Bew-Torit Central, S2{« 8S :.Krie 3D. Sxcbange on London fisU to lOBQI'theBoekofDIaeipUneazeonicjn with tlie alkali tf flM Ifieotiana Tabac-of ftSStOOO-ift the Specie line, and an upward turn of|l,459,0q0.1n Loans and Discounts.erec, that those untiifatfe rtflbmen—brokenfines his positi6n upon the question of dtt-' rails, axles and wheels, misplaced switches, boy, or fine-cut oaMbdiah. At the session of conhtijlrt^ .A' 'the la^'—vantages to the South of secession, and for brealdng up the Union tfilling up;thetelegraphbeallowedtounheeded plfi.riety'of Literary Matter—aad Domestic Hints, Extracts, therefore, as an enormous sponge ^to wipeone more unfortunate, manned and bleeding,anise and rue, has now been carried intocoimcils of the church, we couldwhich enters into generalPoetpr,iprtth afUl digest of Newsto ,enbraeing reports of the Honey 1 other Infcnnatton of interest lasd temar, asto the generalcauseto sustain Mr. Liitcolk in enforcing the laws.—off all their obligations, and release them fromthe payment of all their dues.This must be a pleasant prospect for ourmerchants who have been laboring so zeal-but he declared his— untimely gravetheir cause.theseare suchto permit the slightest danger of saeh a rMi^-'the repudiation of Southern debts. Are the ion? and favorably.theythe legitimate use of the fragrant leaf comparatiTflfy Itttte Wheat, and, aajtSSDDIX havebeenhitherto,thattheelectionofLur- shallneverbedlsmemt>ered." 4 care,\nuinit/'acliim-inwt'I'j;of civilization.But these little casualties which only huripetty, mint,ecclesiasticsleourtspaytheirtithesof suppliesofCotton,orofanytodandeallghtMwd. BiCIUid««aothelpgriwtotfi*li»oSmaT The nomihatianorAVkMX WiLuaKSOV tothadootriiBebf "dofa^AvUtfaat goodnu^ been allowed, he wiB nttw fUl to dbUim jast sbimiKMm, thatla to say the prtSTtaSrSwas anaiiIiiM*Jy iBttfi«d. ^ come" than ever, " remuneration for TheWide-AwakedemonatranonatNewaik,H. thoughlaallagesthe goodIn fkem- their own hands, aad wiUDot'-""' • yet. In the Court of Oyer and Terminer .several not believe that Bepubllcans to whom thi!^ for its payment. prisonerswerecalledupforsentence. PatbiokiSing. Datid Bsacb, for forgery, five years inSing Sing. Adam Jakgxb, Tor molder in the 'Fridayraa containingand is now antiioritatively announced,inthis,thefourthyearofBircRASAjt,iMttoCIer«rm«ii»ttheloweit,^ii,ba,fcrwmi4aA««»»U«»«*n- Wood, for manslaughter, two yeara in Singfavordo not intend thatfor a candidate who is in favor of it, by reason of theCAUrOBHU r Mail III tmcir   jj^pB^^OrorkEdwik Hodooov, for mordet in the*C0., Tbere ivaa a recovery of Vai cent, in the fact. ^1U vubliihet en the FrM. 1b im»v«n.Sing. atconddegree,shall voteignorantlypassengers, many and at leastoftheimprisonment for life.arson in the third degra^ ten yeara in. Sing Sing. any neglect of ours to call attention tosotherefore, leaiT^that the voters of the Second District are inin our ownepoch,'BwiaeiftiB'Bieadatuffawasmore active. Prices, j^*^WPrt.ii(e(« WHettlBa. Xheoewsbytbe J^uitfm union. We have no hesitation in declaring loose rail-joints, rotten deepers, all the evils the Conference held is G^ijlipidis a few weeks;ftiror^y HBfoeted the 'Ottricet tat 'CottoOf whichfreely dealt in. Hay was less aooght after. Hops silence was Isuspicious,and left room for thesignalsslaughter innocents in a decade as theWkertoM, The nse of tobacco is a great evil, andIua, towere in demand. Other branches of trade ' livelyinference that he:contalni an presented no remarkabte aBeration.Bepndiation and DisnnioB.And,iallw«rwtorsavenlor the^-inaeS ftbaianibig. gykgnmadiig-uptMorament, and the in the Fusion movement, >fiO do well to give his party holds power.toflgtiiiafm. idfered to It by friendseoaaaaeaaaewith cotton aniinfaiiliinn teThe mercbants of oar^City who are so busy doubt that he is for the Union so ! onlyaslong—tardy and compromised,some little heed to an article which we copybeenspecie paymentstfKtIifVxf. TisJIhr^Hk^IIsweeps them down by companies as at ITor- oracular utterance leaves us little room to walk, Hamilton and Burlington.States, and to confertifiij &U powers to dissolve the Union ments who have large transactions with the sired to break np the Union during his own as the results of the best practice will war-of <tfaeAs we never heardthe ia passed nightSecedingandifact IfrrBBlCEiiiKiDaB to the Presidency of atained, byde-SoVpMVOeaiedstacy.notthe assurance that he willcase of collision, should be substituted forwooden cars, which not only shake and rot topieces in a few years, but impale passengers;any the condition of the two States. In Sonfiirecord mankind have been In the habit of resorting toiIt is also reasserted that ffAPOLZOS has been consulted on the— tothat wearearrivedin a stormto the traveler, in an uncultivated region, with an in-sufficient sui^ly of food, the use of a cigar or a tobac- waiting for Alabama to join her in the move-hasgivenpromiseofprotectionwhen- ingeverything ever Intervention shall become necessary. How- actingpowerhas been stimulated and pushed into ac- FraaiB'had protested against the 'Sardinian inva- tivity. The South are utterly remorsely and re-Mayor Wtfbd and the Prince of Wales.Last evening Hii Honor the Mayor trans- the responsibility of successful managementparty in our midst, who loiU, umder the thaflowintel|(|rnee,previouslyreported^thatBussiaand munityEngland. tt among theFive of the Twelve areand wepected that it would be contradicted at once.\Ve wtro loth to believe that any member ofdoing in thisThi Pbosfict IK New-Jirset.—^Fusion hasat last produced its perfect work in New-Jersey. After stesdfastiy resisting for already known that Senator Hamiobd has al-"contradict if for it,untrue,confidently ex-Gentiles"of IfonDOnism. An agricultural fairofatProvo,whichwas attended with , Old another was in progressparticularAaCflBMcttd With the Indian Agency of Dr. 'lljMdi has already cost the. Governmentofatrade whoseto plunge men into what one of the founders"the sum of all vil. lanies." The statement was made with greatconstituencies for a return to their presentseats. Judging from existing indications, aand a dozen periodicals largeremain upon the ticket the other four are ;thedivided between Disunion Democrats, theNational Union Party, and, strange to say, the Republicans. For if there be any truth in rumor, Mr. Educnd Bhiwxb, who figures as aI|event.It seems that Gover—nor Gisinamed as his competitor, whereupOB dressed the following letter to theTerritory,reopeningobject isengineeringnumber of thorough and reliable books and re-111!whkit wfllbe found in another column.report;liimia*y<taigAmerice,''we ex-England'sheir ;strained fusion covenants from cast- nated me for Uattsd byanyworkingjustice to the generosityA CiTBioiTS Scbuplk or CosscnlNs.—It isApos-frighten-of{rue Alatoma,is true ofeverytolookaftertheGoveniment vortheof Me^odism calledSouth,largetermof ofliceto the sailor contending with the elementsitan abstractla boUi Boards of the Common Council last pected to find that the story had its origin infiXD BxxcHEB opened the lectureto citizens,. , '- bitmf -V;-.'.-.'. -ly K last evening by delivering for directness and posittreness, it Is true, but edJvery able, interesting, and amusinghelp any Democratic aspirant Our adopt-and machinery, as they are developed. We Bell elector, is a strenuous advocate ofMessrs.of partialthe ChaHetfn t : friend, over Ike•communication was received from thetlon of Liaooui fa^mone or two mercantile establish-of a President whofor even Mr. Buchanan cannot willwho havecrumpleinCharlestoneim-the Southernmerchants,andwhoarealreadydo-Mercurybe misunderstood orhave never been known to breaksandwich system of railroad track, with inghis vote for those candidates, should his lution of this Uniaacreditorsamongto meet the ex-ever T*"TM*! these designs may be, they can only are the men, and almost the only men, who when this contemptible evasion is given in with their flying splinters, when broken up.which the ?" would ing, simply because they are permanent, thus Mercury proposes. counsel resistance to Mr. Lincoln itbe iMiiifcd, in a practical point of view, as the in- would be seriously affected by the wholesale answer to the direct question, will you thingsthe use of"certain not as con- Carolina the people are united on this qoea-saneiBA fleiferate- efforts of men whose ruin isrepudiationvegetable producdons,tributing to nourishment, but on account of their hav- tion : tbey are all for disunion. In *mrmii(illli^e siiccess of these schemes We cannot the Messrs. Hkxry of to doubt that diminishing the cost of traction, and greatly congratulate be an affectation charity hemitted to the Common Council a statement upon men who can only be got by being well the Bnssian Ambassador will imme- to generous sentiments or impulses in support of the expenses incurred by him in the re- paid, because they have a hard-earned reputa- diate^ Hen Til I in King TiCTOX EuAjruEi. had of their cause. They rely solely upon fear. ception and entertainment of His Royal tion to loose i^ they are not earnest and vigil-It is said that if no notice is taken lentless in their crusade. They make no appeal tlnl^flilW**'"^ Neap<Hitan territory, and was ex- They have coerced our merchants hitherto byof tobacco is in-quent men. In its ranks will be found Tatlos, T laa Dawsoh, FoasTTH, Bi^iB, and, perhaps, thoagkaioOijrilaplM.maintaining that the use nocuous we desire to;of theiratest,urge upon graveecclesiastical bodies, in any future action they trine the stren^h of the Douglas and Bell /actumM,am£pected in tlie capital on t^e I7th inst. The Boyal-iat»:«pa|KBVdtiiiS ptepsratioas to renew the con- that this will not avaU, they now threaten totte QaxJbaldJans. AH the Suropeim riiwl'li'i', eineDt Khgiand, refuse to recognize thetathe grand assanlt on the Taku farts, cannot further. TheirSouthern ' they go anychanics, road-masters, 4c., were merely la- but borers or cattle, has been the great curse ofteit^l|i(k "asmuch to be learned in regard to the moral undoubtedly in the majority, but mill they be able ta^Hrtiealaiebyexpendituresof the eventtrains, to make assurance doubly>ure.feeling now,the defeat of Lincoln, is sothe next L Utah are to Oct. 6. Hon. W.Fatherswill take in reference to1 toil^Eialt Lake City for Washington,strong a|«taHd that it wiH bedepartedthe last of the Mormonof economy iconsidera- carried out in general practice t There areevoltte the spark that will fire them up, thanCongresa, aceompani^ t>yone of the Democratic candidates for Congressin the Second District, that he had stated that hewasinfavorofreopeningtheAMcanSlave- dtaetoDisunitm, itis plsinaai wMi Iran had miiriB—riiiefmtheStatesandEurope. Amongthe miaaionariea were three of the " Twelvetles**—Obsok Pbatt, EBABTC8 S.NOW and Gkobqe trade. We called Mr. Odbll's attention to>i Q. C^noti—the iirst two destined for the States the charge, and offered him our columns to Uld the last fordisposal barred.of which were rigorously de- theynot the features of against pipesstronger after that political motive for itspressionshallhavebeenremoved. Aadthreateningall mendablythingsaccount,cop-at Qeeta. Frium Cliina, we learn that, our merchants have in the premises is, that expended for music in the military and Fire-which — beBrakes may instantly operated byandby a cigar, moreover,ittKked the Tartar camp, and that Jhudfledisdisorder. Theattackupon /'-far the 15th of August, and weinventions of this kind should be applied to all passengerThis ponentsto theofoverseers have touched bottom at lastMosKs F. Opkli anp the Siatk-tbade.—approval,and itits use are, and, furthermore,certainlymisrepresented,theyhavealreadyevengoneto theHighnessthe Prince of Wales.The bills,ant. Cheap help, as if engineers, master me-may take upon this subject, that, as the New Testament is silent upon the subject, and aswill also the Breckinridge oU ^ carry ^fffrom, partytheforeign vote, and a large proportion of (he mer~ chants and trading people. What will be the result of the election for delegates to the ConvenUon, no aaa can tell. The advocates of resistance, are at tliis ttaeto withdraw their trade. Fearingrepudiate their debts- The only consolation $4,400, of which sum nearly one-half was our railway system.takingcase. Our City Fathersthe Methodist Church, the Northern branch at^nfiitii hoatfllriet are report- least, could have so far fallen away from the election to such lucrative positions as they general truth of the foregoing specification,•t Sie date of ourcorrespon-say, eminentlyandareadyauthorized theannouncementhad Idet all their wagons and man who had been so much identified with great majority of them will have to ap- to adopt. We take the broad groundMan aMbtapee coold reach them. The the religious interests, with Churches andeither next Deoember or in the that every such railway officer shouldhad arrived at &dt Lake City, onder escort B. tnoji^ in adeatitote ccnidition. G^t. of the InUan Borei^u at Waafa]ii|ton,had ar-Sabbath Schools in the City of Brooklyn, could have in any way become so blinded as to fa-peal,December of thea Wliy; there are acareto licanism. Three of its nominees as electors scarcely goto WashingtonaHwIImIvote for the of payment—rant. Ironcars,which onlyrecent number of thetains a letter from a gentleman in Alabaam,surprisedthatMr. They not rebel against his own Administration. Butto the latwrer, after a hard work day'silliiirfj Idoes wt.Coaie within the range of possibility, and on being very well backed by their Southern is at heart a Disunionisf, or, at ahy rate, that lessening the expenses of maintenance. It ising some peculiar Influence as stimulants or seda- quite a different state of things exists. Hethiitaiimbtlon is so far opportune thai it will dis- iiiiaSllWliiJ voters. North and Soutli, from sup-as those we quotetives (or in some other way) on the nervous system. Tobacco, alcohol, the Indian hemp, the kava of the South Sea Islanders, the Paraguay tea, colfee, and even tea, belong to this category. A disposition so uni- versal may almost be regarded as an instinct, and there is sufficient reason to believe that, within cer- tain limits, the Indulgence of the instinct Is useful."agree Breckinridgegives;;a butgrateful Indulgence, ment. He there is aa matter of history that such construction sodisloyal to their country and a cause are rather cold comfort for men in their posi- disunion and treason to take ground against decreases the working expenses of Europeansays :'• Alabama is divided. The vaiietias of ant snil.the want of connection twtween NoHh aad Soakporifagmen80 utterly reckless and unworthy.There can be no two on opinionsrailways to one-half, and, in some departments more than one-half, those of our own rail-ways.A most signal means of economy is to putu» frompeople. In ttie event of Lnooui's electkia, flav.the steamship Fulton, which passed Cape Baee on Bimday morning, we receive three days' laterBuropesnnews. ThereIsconfirmationofthe— —this whole Pro-Slavery movement in our com-plans.Alabama, preventlieingliniiiiigriiaiiaiByfriends. Suchhehasmuchfor thesuggestionstion. They are really only another turn of ^hetoorespectpreachers oftheirscrew, another blow of the lash, by which tlCs matter. The inference is irresistible.one MooEi will call a Convention. There will teas advocating or upholding smoking, or even miseion. This party will tie led on by able iMl els-into moderate, their totalare beinghuman—might desire for re-that he isThesebillsarenowbe-theengine-driver thereare at least three ex-control the Stateon the firrtof next strong arraydepartment parades.fore the Common Council forremains to be seen what action our Cityand physiological action of this plant, theseday exhibits aJanuary."18 it pQSSiWe to specify even the oipstpublic^ made against Mr. Moses F. OnKLr, out their sanction, and from any Voice in the obvious and best known means of safety, fined thunders of an ecclesiastical tribunalWe referred, aor two since, to the chargewhich, for the roostwere incurredNOW,daythe imde- without including every one of these means and cigars are more likely toPerhaps a sense of the obligations hospitality may getwounded pride, but there tions only too likely to deterpart of the Territory. A principles of that Church—that any but 'amidMiBig aboat twenty, had gentle- hold, is one of their natural passions. The;part,witli-,decade of the nineteenth century,following year,these bills, moderate though wc confess them to be, would not be like-ports, which point out, to the line and letter,the improvements in railway plant principalMercury : To Ike Editorofreception accojded toMfleslanwere not in favorSomesen,,'" in the Uercwry of the ITIhareof which denouncing their favorite Febhanoo for his thewhyother them fromseveral good and suflScient reasons, and there .are plain remedies.A larg^ class of railway managers never in- troduce improvements, because they do notSouthern ^^tc-»«»«l ^1^^^.°»*^""P*^,the Mayor, are human—weto Democraticoffice disgrace to his profession.;lengthticketattending the reception of the Prinee of But, we have heard not a word from Mr. tarity as Mr. Wood recently enjoyed with system of seven years' standing abroad—why fail of an opportunity to do so. This peculi- sens," laaiats upaa the MDasMaa of\^•mff.acoi some suchrail caimot throw off a train, asome plan of instantaneously applying brakes, arity of New-Jersey fusioii,that it actnaHy Moas. To raaove all andlillailim for the payment of the necessary axmisunderstanding.share in that pageantand when such popu- which a brokencolleagues uponStraightanother witler, antsion OB aw dMsol^pwiirtlnfl to ^wnt $4,000, which was re- Odxll, and we are compelled, in view of some them cannot shield him rtte Coiunittee on Finance.from their anger, whatis at We dare aayttat one-haJf thd improvements once an edifying spectacle oDbrotherly oon-corrobrative evidence upon the point which chance of forgiveness would thehave not been adopted ?.embraces all the factions ifthe field,aabiaet, I have BO hialMte la 1^ not serve, if deetsd aenstar, at itsaMifBillaia Jaf Begiatian and Inspactois of EIdc- has come to us,,and the more forcible argu- Booles, Barrys, Parleys andlathe-Boaidof Supervisorslarge number ofTuomeys,I wouldnott WM-neaiied, aad the vacanciea were filled ment of Mr. Odbll's silence, to believe that shouldD theyheard oftocaw*/oa>M«a(M«M(jaW^i •now WBeawaaappraiidated for fitting them the charge is weD founded, and that some of the Mayor ?in use have never b—eenbycotd,and aproof;tftti' iljlafuis' of^T war aHaac Ten dollars tot each of the vot-op'The BepBblicans afBrooklyn assembled in great the Empire Club, ofwhich, as we understand, curing payment from the City of bills, papers, who repulse the advances of patentees It is also remarked that in the adjustment This nice distinction pimiiiidii a iiiirtnaacause—perhaps Mr. Odux's association, in Mayor Wood has been very fortunate in se- they do not read professional books and seem.—^rt the Wigwam, opposite the City Hall, last many of this -~, and listened to speeches from Hon. B F he was a member, with Capt Btndiss, whose which, at the time o{ their Ineurment, he and the agents for improved manufactures,* ttkkia d^^expeaaeaBodwateJ.,1a8t night, was a grand aSib. Larn delega- that mi^ come" has been tlie pietext of thtwe selves and moat laudaUe in their genenl pur- The only ehaaee for increased safety therel for itr. iMaH«, «r«HMceal to Ua4tions were prewist from anrroundiag places, andwho found their advantage in " doing evil,"ultimatelyapp^ fore is, that its conditions are providenUaDyTheologyCM «r FIVE «*- not concloded. x)>e hearing of the motion to make his Bepublican opponent. This might be bo, the insertion of this item in the tax le^ of. between the eternal principles, of Christianity be serioos in West JenqrilliM^ ?.fINliim jiiii The Seventh-aveoae Bailioad caae was called reason of his ehnndt eonneetion, wotild draw of Great Britain but, diMibtlesa, ;»<awii-W«*iy)-'««»» i>"'^- before Justice LaovaaB at Chambers of the offa good ^ r«M ftir FlT» Dot""- Supreme Oouit jeaieiday, bat tin argument wasfrom our be able to procurehe •willthe injunction perpetual may take a day or two perhaps, other things but we 1861, with an order upon beingequal, \omany'votesfrom Mr. Hu«»heet,nextLegislaturechasms arereckless, running arrangements formerly tole-of peaceable secessionTo these printed interrogatories Mr. Do0g- features of danger are yielding to the demandstion f:capital:pass impossible legislationtightLASgaveanswerswhichdidhimhonor. He not only denied the right of secession, for theThe same questions have beentheological logomachiessupposed,purposeinto anwhich only plungethe lastremedy <or each an evli, would he zcTolnaMkad- dressed to Mr.Bit£CKiNiuDGE, but he has studi-enactedanswer, except City, North Carolina.ouslygentle-He says, under date of October 5sin had rect relation thereto through physics, sociolo-well, moreover,Sir theSottkim-mytain to be elected, and dissolution involves I esteem Mr. Yahcxt highly, and have known him detailed improvement in the safety of rail-or for of us to buy it. It is their mainT^aaee fijtmf: public economy;• « • BaacxiKaaiax is not Ur. Yaboit. I love the Union,their constitutional rights, elect a Republican This is the whole of the letter which has been Those in England are worked at greater cost permitted to see the light, and the inference and have more accidents. The working ex-from it is almost that Mr. Bbice- penses of our own are twice as much as thoto irresistible,that its aromatic incense soothes the per- they win aead «s ao Cotton, 1h«y eaa hij^ turbed spirit, and cafans ttie passionate heart none of these siqg^Uea. The qaeatta»ii'^frf||:is the most[-^)ar and Erening—Siahxsi flagitious scheme to which this disunion mad- iKBiDQE will pledge himself to stand by the of European roads ; and the number of acci-as broad as it is tong,—aad, g palia^broader.But all this talk about chaagfaig (hedisappointed politieiana. Aad Cotton 4rfb grow and be sold aad msnufactared juat j|fe much next year as it.has been Una.Thispropositionof theMercuryby its tranqniniiiing influence upon the nervesor^-J•I Ann Bu Baaraaxir. ness has given rise. No man, who was not Union only on the conditions of his own elec- dents is against us in a still greater proportion. luin'bkLI.'a, mHo^ Saloon—Eibiopias at heart utterly dishonest, would propose to tion to the Presidency. If every man in the What, then, are the conditions of economical_that, socially,pipeci^is thesymboli-Wamoci'lFsixGiLuaT strengthofanypoliticaldifferenceswhatever. Unionwouldberentintosomethirtymillions theengineeringfactsofthecaseDAY.one more family into sudden and terrible wantand woe the little circtmistance of an arm;— tornoffhereandalegsmashedthere abeg-inclosed is probably no surer method of facilitating a speech.highestto oneAnd what is that ques-itsgar and ^ cripple for life, now and then Hhe benefit of thepromulgated,refused toman, Mr. Cohoon, the Mayor of Elizabethpracticalhave been 'senting that the South will have cause fora Bepublican candidate. Lincoln is quite cer- ask are answered in questions youluyt Gau> Messn». Hebbt quite as confident, as they but the South better. If elected, the Union, underit quite light to lose all their dues, becaifse seminated," as it originally appeared, and was' go hand in hand. The railways on the coati- as the of the Ohio for fliemaelvea and their iilaiww,are aot distinguished genHemeBttepeojde of th« Union, in the exercise of evidently a typographical or telegraphic error. nent of Europe are examplea .of this fact Conference. In a moral aspect it is affirmed at home -.—4hey hay them of the Satdfe, 'Tif'escape the payment of a just debt on the country stood on this narrow platform, the railway workingNo commimity not dead to all the instincts of atoms. This is carrying the doctrine of that this qualification excludes about one-half American themselvesof commercial honor, would tolerate the sug- gestion of so base and discreditable a project. The object of throwing it thus shamelessly be-peopleandis doubtless in part to alarm ident ? He answers that he will remain faith- ing the earthwork and the road-bed, clean and the North and coerce our people into aban- ful if elected himself, while, in the same abundant ballast to distribute the load of the ao ttj^lrrMiiml to the country's injury and dis- doning their political principles. It talces breath, he avows an intense degree of sectional track upon the softer material beneath, largeSecissios at TBI SouTH.than once urged that the SooQieat StalHI emespondentwork, amplepermanenthavefrom Sir'BxttHMW''publicthose who have alreadyof die Sooth are opposed to their done this in order to secure Southern favor and better." Did ever Presidential candidate but the common form of American rail andhowever,to, have a Convention elected by the this State has been organized, and is sus- CHY and KiiTT demand more of him ?upontjiftheir imipose is not to consult them Southern trade. The whole Fusion movement In avow such a sentiment before ? Could Yan- joint fixture, the very best iron in the railsgulltf iIUp DrtiiiiliMiiiilii know well that the in- effect, taH^filaliHMafeeling.a matter ofasto fail of producing that general fear and hor- was based ^whether this newously inat the dissolving the Union in case the North elects " Yours of the 1st Instant has been received. The ror which demand and hasten reform. There its roots directly in morals, or had only indi- bear in mind that file neoesatty Ar tta* tfTheyrepre-Idaily historyand macUnery, and the substitution of wroughtmental andex- union.for cast iJpn, and steel for wrought iron, as far" These contribute to economical work-really ages—nt and well tested celleop- — Disunion movement If the in advance of the election aad when all parties are equally deairoua to aeaneCertainly thebetteroftheir bothaxeidentical. Why,then,are not theyto force tx tinuance.any one into their discon-introduce. admit the ofknow what to They a creditable number weeks,be turnedout ofhe ishalf ourrailway managers men who confess that arSwever irreconcilable politicalso much of the StaliB aa lajdf (Niio, and J. C. CAanK, of New-Tork views on the subject may be argued from his made a boast of regarding as personal to him- because ttey do not know what is good and known by the old colonial and proprietary da- iBtian doe« no/ tak^ place;—pray whiitwfi^league,recent brutal assault upon Liwis Tapfah for self. It was thus In the case of the ship Jo- wUht is bad, and have no confidence in them- tinction of West Jersey, haaacawe|y « pl^ee hedoifitdoear Does he anppoae Otllpip'.; a mere inquiry as to the three AMcan boys re- seph Walker, an operation which selves or anybody else. These are not hypo- on the ticket. The Sootl»Bn ^oontiea are in CanliBa via atiD hwre use•Dthusiastic meeting.HoiALuo, a preinhwnt merchantWWg, of aitaCity, addressed"«— Union last Bgabhcan eveidag,prmcmles. He claimed t%»h»«dd,aad that were heJTaaUvedthere,hewould thathenolongerseesevils in atradewhich whichMr.Woodundertook theaugustBoardofDirectorswilllet interesteoftheoit^l^^ Haviog S^ chaaoeofsuccesswouldscarce-,^,^ iTfUBkuBaWe shonld with equal propriety Teiy bmA becTler vote in the remoter eoiu- charge,b}3a;iagthattheleaaoaoflusCivor- therri&ceofWaics—wehavereasonWfear asithemtocureoursickortatraaslaJeCM \i^Vm«M«1(ulesofpoil^«lf^I^^?*^"to pay in his pri- through disputed llMtidsto either of the our Government and Great Britain have spent vate capacity, but for which the City has al- them. Because these directorial gentlemen their ftTm iBMg^JliyiitiiilQy, tte Bei^i^^ l^enMi^Bge him to become a competitor.blieans of the 'suppress. readywMi^ Oaa is a candidate aadcently brought here from a slave-trading ves- cost the public treasury aboutwe can check joff theentirelyoverlooked;whflefhaacoontiea torsInthat W« oootiiageneytseldoUarsit was so againintwenty referenceon a railway directory.jiew.Tfflck,fiveof theGovemoT had a much mme substantiali— sand that such associations or long connection;with the Costom-houae have wealwned the mayfor to, testing the consOtutionality^;Anotherclass of managers Imow what to seven me adeoted. Ibia diipn^ortion can than thhl to he a candidats. te decliningeventuallythou- thetical casesnames fact immediatelyadjoiningUtigationhis principles and blinded his perceptions, so of the Metropolitan Police bill, the costs of do, and do it as far as the shareholders hardly foU to hav« mkH^vi^mu eflhet i^en the There an ^eady so many candidates io theere shrewd financiers or able lawyers, we letWe understand that some of Mr. Odell'b In amoimta approaebing thirty thousand dol- them dictate the engineering status of oai JutiaHyea: ij^'tdltnid, if^^ny at-pollis a strong man, and owaawtmillions of and moneymanylives tobeen mulcted\by successive tax levies«f «*•>Jil#l#!* wid^ xaoge of totjal Seiaibi Hammond1 at the junc-streets last friends endeavor to break the force of the lars. In this lastdo a *bin concerfwlth flieUntitled Documents^eession, except Sontii. Ex-Speaker—issue,) had alsogreat smoking'-cobe not onlypipebemneafyicial. Inall ofwhichwehare saysaad Tobaeeo.To detect the secret antagonism that existsoftheforeigiCte^iMfllllt:' .l«Deed or drirHi fBl»The loss finanfOnRiver line turned over a carof whom werethree, seriously iiquied. Church of the State of Ohio. The faith of the to the «'—last a brokenon the Fallthirty-truatedfwflt IOefiur patsa before the grander tuallydiBslructlv'e. TheABumadancreedaad trueconser»atlvea." "um}and fnUcoinmanion iacopsaqdenMy iter'.ofthfiAwoi^'iMj^^li^"iib~ii^thiat it- places iiim in&far worse position thali^ of bad drainage, cattle and rocks on the track, ago, tlie following action tifas taken upon this means oT^ :ifiiaii1tni^ ;>'waain gieod lequest at buoyant rates. Pnwiaiflns, he occupied while refusing to answer. His and the absence Of a thorough system ofbrakes subject event ofaecessfott, pngoMs tan tUttik^'tiBngav, Bio Coffee, Tallow, and Whialcy wereiaore- ''.-Iandthese riflemen steadyleads to otiiertreasonable sentiments which all the more dis- spasmodic artillery which now and then RcjoIvMl, By the OUo Conference, that after thetingnished leaders of his party owncomiwoMWi who in the usefertittt oftoiaeeo.It will beprol)- to Mr. DocGLAS at Norfolk, were substantially bridgesecclesiastical bodies in differ-.ent parts of the country, and they might at South eunlf can Metcfc Ike termu Ufon itUA^^'it^:'.,remembered.that the questions put" business and bosoms." It disctisses the ad- D? you consider the election of Lisoolh a just cause ticable time-tables are taking the place of theadopted by present, perhaps,asbe tinctured with the quite manybut hisemThis, of course, as ereiybody knows, is not theirnq>ply. Tlili nniiian iif |aiiiwii|lfii| hiJWf "ML*evils, therefore,sessionwewiUtutrectlne anypresent perton into/MathdspetfcThese wholesale slaughters do lead to some the first or the hundredth time that absurd and .-.-^ ^. ''"tii-t'iSi Iti^^dtM!'measure of reformbut yet real and growing.'A great many ironpreposterous resolutions on this topic have same at anthethe adds in aotagr—:Mt'.have ColUntr cem ke oUomoi."We our hefthanwiththecommon neither so cmnmoa,norsoaaq|f«ii!8ei^|| facts of life and physiology. But as tobacco- the North, aa they sena to aaiMBK. flMttifrom achronicmodeinwhich distressmaybecreatedliya cursing, beingof Cotton or Bevotntion divines who are evident^ more familiar with ^ends to andentand thatalongwith the other!thewish that the august conclave1^thisbull, excommunicatory (forSocietyhere isspecific groimds —on wltich such aoleinn actiongy, physiologyj^r. ways, than the untiring repetition and eluci- course weD knew that on all these I^es of every kind. The Oottoa fltalia mimmydation of the great Act that the most cheaplygroundsworkedrailwaysintheworidhavethesmall-coui will justify secession ? Win they think We substitute "dismembered"' for "dis- est number of accidents. Economy and safety mists and hygienists, quite as citable and ever else they need. "Hieir afn Mttoia? No one at all fiunUiar with —we are aware; that, financially, important pubUcthe railw^ay managers—^will deny that some of these conditions are wide and solid earth-annually expend upon it has created a vast and varied home in-" / love the but the South and sound sleepers, anything under Heaven Union,questionable provocation. The moment tS0~ issue is brought up for discussion, as a pcao- tical thing, the majority will be a^inat dJ>-is upheld by moraluto, as well as econo-ofeeenon^,prefertobaywUh;theand bond of friendship in this country, even ascourse of trade is ahamd. The aeeeariliea'«f itisan elementofour wealth, societyarestrongerthantherea^itMattfthe snuff-box is in Scotlandwhile the forty millions of dollars which theletterBbodie, than whom there is no higher medicaloning its use, he makes many exceptions in itsauthority living,the physiological effects offavor,as thus:\easy feelings produced byhaustion. Tothesoldierwhohasthe trenches, t>efore a beleaguered town, with only a this opinion, in our Southern exchanges. A distant prospect of breakfast when the mornlDg hasthe soul's Salvation canbethere is stillonlyI think itimprobable,Johk A. Wursroir. It will<at extravagant attempts stoppingat least, of doubtful utilityto suggest to them that, in this seventhhardlyimperilled;bodilyWe see, every djiy, evidence in sui^ort oflarge j/ntomt of Ofcourse,wedonotwishtobeunderetood vaitingfoTanovertact,advocatethemoota^eetaa^the over-tures of the Breckinridge and Bell Com- a candidate for reelection to the United StatestheRepublican'.elementsmay and aU appraheialaM of rtvabywHh HV«SiV«ir> therefore, be dlanlaaad. WH. & dIBtl^^Jffo^i-:it;beBepohUcaaa thatunder q» hnpreartoy flnitislature aathooxe a menta, and then adds•thinganybody wpddfldik-tf4 Ji^t;^whosuch must beforworld, the reasons still left open when any one Uetti^^"top HexBiie,—ftnre an many varietiee of employmait, and teo HMrIt win besell their Cotton, win be quite asjra^ a» Artteeettttlmikti^fUfir ti iHi I ~ ^iiii|al<ilqn«odary. Oo^GnrwiU not^serve if diaaa-:,' operation—the reception of railways.Thomas M. Tryniski 309 South 4th Street Fulton New York 13069 