 i Ii if!3INATIONAL REPUBLICAN COMMITTEE. Below we print the names of the gentlemen compos- ing the National Kepnblican Committee, with the post-meeting, i a Faneuil Hall, this evening.—The Republican S^ate Committee of Michigan cut with chisels before she couldbe liberated. have issut;^ an address to the Republican electors ofson (a baby three years and a half old 1)•to. be receiver- she rushed to her husband, who advised hdr to stow6lirogWEj ^^^^^^^p|work which supported the regulator, crdshmg her from Franco for tais country. He will come iff the was to act as its foster-mother and none. One day asPUBZICHt,OAKD\.OF-AThe Board ield areguia Tioon. {he Pr4*;ident iu tbe dA communication jwas transMttings prppoKijtion I -weailw r 'to "exjhibit a balloon of the>rapa "Embassador.^Jjj^ft**,**'***-*'*POLITICAL INTELLIGENCE. ,. a•-'THE SPIRIT OF THE WEST. Corre*Tondcn«« of Tb* 2?. Y. TTHVOTW.SA»x>osKr?0., May 28,1860. Asa traveler from N«w«York plants hia foot upon the rim of the Great Mississippi Basin, herTnWntly feels that he inhales a new atmosphere in regard^ the Chicago nominations.; Here, on the shores of one of -the tipper Lakes, and near the head springs of the FatherofWaters,youcatchthefirstbreathofWestern enthusiasmfor"OldAbe." Thecountryhassolongbeen accustomed to contemplate only the political sec- tions of " North and South" that it is slow to grasp the idea that there is a WEST—that it is mighty in numbers and power—that it is determined to make its influence felt in the politics of the nation—and, while j*is even now potent, is destined to dominate, in the• federal Councils after this year's census is taken. Those who areysearcbing for the causes of Gov. Sew- ard's defeat at Chicago seem to overlook the fact that the W est rallied in. its strength, and resolved that the iwmination should be conferred upon One of its sons. "Miththe exception of-Gov. Seward (the votes given t o Messrs. Caxneron and Collamore were merely com- plimentary}, ail the real candidates before the Conven-wiB vote for Lincoln who never voted a Kepubboux ticket before. •' They are ^pidly discovering that the i:ameof Democracy is all tfat.that party-has left ofexerijons vp organize that State, and that the partywill probably nominate a State ticket for Governorand memoers of Congress. A grandBon of PatrickHenry haalbeen' engaged to speak at the ratification and broken. The cask and the ceiling were coveredFrench vessel Cassard. ' • : • / * ' the young heir was sporting before tho 4oor, and die gardeners child was lying on a bed m the cottage, tile •—The Opinion NatidriaU states as a positive fact; nurse heard the wheels o f a carriage, and immediately suspected that the mother of her young charge was coming to'see her son. In ber flurry, she snatched no the heir, but slipping, let him fall upotfa heal of stones;•otdially received. H e is that typ« of man whichlakes with the Western mass**. -I have conversed-with many citizens of the upper-lake country, and a l l > ^ g ^ g ^ ,constituted the Executive Committee;And the same thing, they thought, would do nicely for P.;But he turned up his noso at their murmuring and sham* bank notes of 100f. each. The auctioneer took posses- This misrepresentative of a land of liberty was instru-concur in opinionthat, if Douglas is not the nominee of the Democracy, Lincoln will sweep the seven or eight Western States like a tornado. Said an enthusiastic admirer of Douglas to me^to-day, " If the Little Giant **»thrown-overboard at Baltimore^ Old Abe will run*' like chain lightning from the Allegheny to the Mis- '/* souri." And this well-informed friend of Douglas admitted to ine, that his supporters hereabouts werefeT\H.T~„,,.~„<- xfLJlv^c E. D."MORGAN of New-York.GIDEON VVRLLKS of Connecticut.N. B. JTJDD of Illinois.. CARL ScnuRX of Wisconsin.JOHN Z. GOODRICH of Massachusetts. BENNINODUKUofNew-Jersey.GBO. G. FOGG of New-Hampshire.j ming,.And cared (shall I say.?) not a d— for their damming;So they first read him out of their Church, and next minute Turned round and declared he had never been in it.But the ban was too small or the man was toVbig, Forherecksnottheirbells,books,andcandlesafig;(He don't look like a man who would stay treated shabbily, Sophroniscus's.son's head o'er the features of Rabelais;)— He bange and bethwacks them,—their backs he salutesWith, the whole tree of knowledge torn up by the roots;. Bis sermons with satire 'are plenteously yerjuiccd,And be tnlks in one breath of Confutzee, Cass, Zerduscht, Jack Robinson, Peter the Hermit, Strap/ Dathan,Cush, Pitt (not the bottomless, that he's no faith in),Pan, Pillicock, Shakespeare, Paul, Toots, Monsieur Tonson, Aldebaran,.Akander, Ben Khorat, Ben Jonson,Thoth, Richter, Joe Smith, Father Paul, Judah.Monis, Motions, Murctus, hem,—m Scorpionis, ,Maccabeo, Maccaboy, Mac—Mac—ah! 'MachiavclH, Condorcct, Count d'Orsay, Conder, Say, Ganganelli,-Orion, O'Connell, the Chevalier D'O,(Whom the great Sully speaks of,) TOPAN, the great too ' . Of the statue of Jupiter, now made to passFor that of Jew Peter by good Romish brass,—(You may add for yourselves, for I find it a bore,.All the names you have ever, or not, heard before, [And when you've done that—why, invent a few more;)His hearers can't tell you on Sunday beforehand,If in that day's discourse they'll be Bibled or Koraned,For he's seized the idea (by his martyrdom fired),That all men (not orthodox) may be inspired4Yet, though wisdom profane with his creed he may weavein,He makes it quite clear what he doesn't believe in, While some, who decry him, think all Kiugdom Co.mo Is a sort of a, kind of a, Bpecies of Hum,Of which, as it were, so to speak, not a crumb '. Would be left, if we didn't keep carefully mum,And, to make a clean breast, that 'tis,perfectly plain That all kinds of wisdom are somewhat profane;Now P.'s creed than this may be lighter or darker,Mr i, So m. P atforgery That . beginning to regard his defeat at Baltimore as pretty journal has said that in a speech in 181^, Mr. Lincolnnearly certain. Nor, as he reluctantly confessed, do they feel at all sanguine of success at the polls, even if .lie be nominated. ' A large number of Democrats areused the following language:.*' If I should ever conclude to doff whatever there is of black- "one in whiclTto bring out Mr. Seward as the Repub-Pacha's, President' of the Commission intrusted with the.Control of the Emigration from-Circassia."There. is. an air of authenticity about an announce- ment like this, which looks like business,the second Bomba, who thus prostitutes his official posijtion. If one-quarter part of the suries reported about this Barstow are true, he should be" at once dis- missed from the service of a free republic, and suffer theiificjal as well as the social disgrace awarded to-at Chicago of some of the New-York lobby, that oor ted by The Herald; and he is made to say just what hedid not say. He is no "black-cockade Federalist/' - in fact, that the chances were that it would not go for though he is to succeed one in office.State must now be set down in the doubtful column;that tlie old belt should be cut in half, that each should crape, white roses and white bugles, the petticoat, tak|e a moiety, and that each belt should be made com- with crape over white silk, trimmed to correspond;' plejtejby subscriptions raised by either'side. Sayers at onqe replied to this that he would not consent to give upjthle old belt, or anv part thereof, adding he wouldLipcoha! These inquiries were relieved when assured.that the majority in New-York for Lincoln wonld bethrt subject tbar no President has ever yet entered upon the duties of his office so unincumbered by' Rough and Ready' of a later period. I hear on all sides a general •*. caving in j or rolling off the fence of hundreds of j Old Whigs and others who, for the lastwhile her head-dress was composed of a diadem ofMserfdom to the slave, power^v f / . .ineiecapital stock, and they will never f o ^ w it in: its BUCKEYE.mark of his royal favor upon the notorious Maniscal-BO firmly bound to the shaft that her steer skirts were co, surnamed the hangman of Sicily, has appointed his • breaking bis right arm and collar-bone. In her terrorforthatState: EDWIND.MORGAN,Albany, N.Y. CIIAKI.KS J. CJJLSIAN, Brunswick, Me.- GXOKGK G. Kooo, Concord, JN. H. LXWKKNCK BUAINARD, St. Albans, Vt." .•.WVmtheChnrchundertooktopatimderherban,— (STICChurch of'Bocinus, I mean)—hia opinionsBeingSo-(nltra)-cinian,theyehockedtheSociniana; They believed—faith I'm puzzled—I think I may^all Their belief a believing in nothing at nfi,Or something of that sort; I know they all wontFor a general union of total dissent:He went a step further; without cough or hem, He frankly avowed he believed not in them;[ And, before he could bo jumbled up or prevented,.From their orthodox kind of dissent he dissented. There was heresy here, you perceive, for the right Of privately judging means simply that lightHas been granted to me, for deciding on you,And, in happier limes, before Atheism grew,The deed contained clauses for cooking yon, too. Now at Xerxes and Knut we all laugh, yet our foot %was reproving the Spanish /Government for what shethought too much severity toward Ortega anc his coh>panions. At last the Empress called the Emperor togive his opinion; His Majesty said he could not sup- further consternation, they found on the next morniug port her views, and bowed politely to his Excellency that the lady was gone, and bad taken away the chili'-: ,Mr. ST AKII submittedThe effect of he former;JOHN Z. GOOPXICH, Stockbridge, Mas*. THOMAK G» TCMNKK, Providence, R. I. ' • GIJOKON WKLLKS, Hartford, Conn.day to the chateau and make an explanation.. To thfir'I)KNNINO DTJKR (of N. J.), New-York City. Er»VARi> MCPHKRSON, Chuiubersbnrgh, Pa> NATHANIRI. B. SXITHSRS, Dover, DelJAXKS F. "WAGNRR, Baltimore, Md. yr ALTRRU CALDWKLL, W heeling, Va- i • THOMA^SI'OONKH, Reading (Htu>v Co.), Ohio. SOLOMON MKRBXUTH, Centrevffle, Ind.H. B. JTJDD, Chicago, 111.ArsTix BLAIR, Jackson, Mich.j CARL SCHUKZ, Milw>«ike«, Wig.i AN»RKW J. STRVjtfts, Dca Moines, Iowa.ter, the police at vara nice.and. the Coa'JOHN McKusic*, Stillwater, Minn. . , A«A S. JONS*; St Louis, Mo. ' CAMUC* V- CLAY, Whitehall,Madison Co.), Ky.D. WVCHKXSXAN, Croville, Cal. .FK-<NK JOHNSON, Oregon City, Oregon.,*v IIXIAX A.. PHILLIPS, Lawrence, Kansas.O. H. IRISH. Nebraska City.have been snubbed.veution were from the Valley of the Mississippi—Lin- coln,Bates,Chase,McLean,andWade..Hereafter, * tbo. West must be regarded as " a power in the land."on no better ground, we believe, than for daring to ThoughChase,Wade,andSeward,hadmanyfriends onFridayevening, Mty 18, 1860,theChicagoCom- consult,whathethoughttobethebestinterests of his'9ioffice of Zhssnhefiain, aA-recotiiat sppointalentof.athan.C. v.Mr. OWBNS moved to h vt Lost by a vote of 5 to 11. Mr.:iITAUK.moved tlie5n the affirmat ve by a vo i' 0 The resolutlbn wasthei VEAS|-Me*«T! Barry. H^n•ell, Dari-ash^ Corn ill, Scasnri- f'FSmith, Bra. is twicesure."Here the B< ard adjoun -P1PC LICE CO!!*This Board it its meeti I ugdecision! in the case of Mi-•'ha Ward, w.hom thev dismieaed weeks ago. Sullivan asi-d was granted, 4nd the Commi the testimony saw no rea cision. jSamuel, McCracken of tb missed from tl e force for inton the Ohio "Reserve," the nomination of Lincoln ismittee organiased by choosing the Hon. E. D. Morgan of New-York, Chairman, and George G. Fogg of New Hampshire, Secretary. Subsequently the followingparty, rather than the personal preferences of a ma- jority of thje Republicans of his own State. To at- tribute folmm any narrower and more selfish reason for his course is at least unwarranted by any circum- stances puilicly indicated. The judgment and thesympathies I of the great, body of the Republicans throughouUhe country will sustain him, we are confi- dent, andfrc budiate the attempted aspersion of his mo- fives. Every one who has regularly read THE TRI»vsE{f<«•monthspast,must be.aware that Mr. Greeley has treated this subject with great delicacy in his columrisTand in no unfriendly or vindictive spirit. Thoee witlijWhom he h«8 privately conversed will bear witness- tjo the same fact. In common with many others in .all barts of the country, he was undoubtedly convinced, independently of any prejudice for or against any [man, that this canvass was not the fittest,hasbeenengagedforthedefense.^e r esion of the notes, and the volume was then sold-mental in betraying Father Ottavio Lanza, one of the noblest of men and purest of patriots, into the hands of e agents of the vilest and most tyrannical despotism the globe. The accounts state that, on the 11th ofNAY8S-M**WHma^fmmammmwrcoin andoftice address of each. The Committee was made tip of at least p,000. W e quote a passage:by the delegation of each State naming the member"With ihe Convention at Chicago—its spirit and tone—its Wriotismandselfsacrifice.foracommon cansearidishonestpurposetoselecttheverybestmen for the crijiis, the Republicans, of all. classes, arje now more thajji satisfied. It decided in its wisdom that tine young Wejst alone could give us the leader under whomevictory mm certain; and not in all the Valley of *£ Mississippi from St. Anthony's to the Gulf, fronf the Alleghanies to the western peak of Kansas, co«ld they havefouijdla more fit embodiment of the exuberant vitality—the rude.strength, the,open cordial heart, the straightforward' honesty, manly firriiness and intellec- tual vigorj If the Western character—thou in Abraham Lincoln of (Illinois." j •—The Cincinnati Gazette has the following obser- vations: J;" A very unjust, and not merely ungenerous war- fare, is mja k b y some of the New-York friends of Mr. Seward up an Horace Greeley, for his course in regard to the nornifciations at Chicago. He is accused of fac- tious opposition, personal in its character," toward the New-York['statesman. Thisvindictivedispositionisinterest at tAis time:" H^e comes Parker, the Orson of porsonB, a man;i.,had be<!n expj eased of the..With the same wave is wet that mocked Xerxes and Knnt; And we all entertain a sincere private notion,That our Thus far! will have a great weight with the ocean. 'Twas so with our liberal Christians: they bore Withsincerestconvictiontheirchairstotheshore; ••>••• They brandished their worn theological birches, •Bade natural progress keep ont of the Churches, Andexpectedthelinestheyhaddrawntoprevail. With the fast-rising tide to keep out of their pale;They had formerly dammed the Pontifical See,cross and pedestal of Wicklow granite..—To the State bali, given by the Queen on the even-Tlie—AtarecentsaleatGhentofthelibraryofaprofes- sor named Easinan, one of the persons present, in ex- amining a volume, found in it not fewer than twelve1 Retolvrd, .Tha :. therefore,':. .'.V\'••'.'''. •m'-§asKE|P^^•*—JOSXVHG«JHAR»T,Washington,D.-C.At. a meeting held attheTremont House, Chicago, manifested: toward THE TRIBUNE and its chief editorr-TheBoston Tromscript says:^Letters from Italy, received by the steamerArabia, report that Mr. Henry H. Bargtow, the Ameri- can Consul at Palermo, has been guilty of an act of perfidy^ which will forever brand him with infamy.Toledo Blade well exposes anothercockade FftderaJism about me, and thereupon, they should take lican staiidaa[d-beaier. W e have never been able to me up an their candidate for the Presidency, I protest they shall see how any unbiased person—as we certainly are not not make fan of ine."tribe of the Ivogais, seventeen years old, veiy hand-some, of good family, and having received an excellenteducation, her brother bearing the title of Bey, makes matic corps at Palermo have refused to hold any the offer to marry some youngman, providedhe succeeds further' communication with this traitor against in pleasing her. Particulars may be heard of at Hafiz humanity—this aider and abettor of the despotism of— T i ewhich has originated in The N. Y. Herald..hostile to him; and, worse than all, the Chicago Con-vention has utterly disarranged their nicely-adjustedprogramme, by not nominating Seward. It was for quote, was delivered on the 27th of July, 1848, after. emphatically, and on deliberate examination of theustices senThe speech from which The Herald pretends to against jMij.. Seward individually—could come to a different fcorhlusion. A year or more since we stated—Mr. Leroy, who formerly lived, and ought still to renegades." have remained in Lafayette, Indiana, that being theresidence of his wife, the other day stole $600 of hermoney, raised $200 on forged drafts, and eloped withthe nomination of Gen. Cass for the Presidency. In whole question, that Mr. Seward could not be nomina-THECHAMPIONSHIP.jki* devoted head that the Democracy had been bot-tling up wrath for the last two years, and now to have the course of his remarks, Mr. Lincoln alluded to the ted for this canvass. We asked to have this strongstatement of opinion remembered, and compared withit left to spoil upon their hands was most provoking. claim of valuable military services then made by the the result. At no period afterward, and at no stage ofWherever I have traveled since the result at Chicago Democrats for Gen. C , and after ironically comparing the Chicago Convention, did we see good reason toSETTLEMENT OF THE QUESTIO^. From BeWt Life, May 20.•was known—and it covers many hnndred miles-—it is impossible not to see at a glance that the result haswholly disarranged the plans and dampened the ardor <tf the Democracy.I have been anxiously asked, many times since myarrival this side of the mountains, whether LincolnOur readers and the public generally will hail with delight the announcement we now make that on Fri- day hist Tom Sayers and his gallant opponent met by appointment in our office, and settled their dispute ktthe same with his own services in the Black Hawk war, Mr. Lincoln said:" Mr. Speaker: If. I should ever conclude to doff whatevor our Democratic j'rieud* may tuppotc there is of bluck-cdckade Fedor- . iilism about uie, and thereupon they tthall take ni« up an' theirmodify thatlopinion, until the event fully confirmed it.And similar') we know, have all along been the con-victions of older and more experienced politicians,who, like ourselves, admire Mr. Seward, and havenever had the slightest ground of personal hostilityanother woman, named Myers. Mrs. Leroy, being anenergetic woman, and naturally anxious for her moneyand husband, set cut in pursuit of him. • She tracedhim from Chicago io Toledo, thence to Detroit; thereshe began to lose sight of him. " She is determined,however, to find him, and the prevailing. opinion, in the1 most friendly manner. Sayers was accompanied Michigan was that she would succeed.candidate for the Presidency. I protest they shall not make fun toward bim. We. are confident tha. his indiscreetol me, an they hate of Gen. Cans by attempting to write me into a military Aero.'" '••>friends, who would denounce and proscribe Mr. Gree- ley for caring more for the cause than for the man, will do less injury to the object of their vindictivenessbylMr. Gideon and two other friends, and Jade Mac- donald appeared as adviser of Heenan.The words in italics, so essential to a correct ntider-—Queen Victoria, as usual, held a drawing-roomto celebrate her birthday. It will be satisfactoryto the ladies to know that her Majesty wore a presence of all parties, which, however, ended in train of white ribbed silk, trimmed with ruches of Bmjokie. The first proposal on behalf of Heenan waseould carry New-Y ork! I find that the impressionwas left upon many minds, by the ominous givings-out standing of Mr. Lincoln's language, are entirely omit- than to the statesman they profess to serve."•—The BvWalo Express publishes the following ex- tract from a letter from an Old Whig of Boston:" Your Chicago ticket is bound to sweep the country. —Itis well known to those who know anything on It will equal the hard-cider times,'of 1840, or the-counted by tens of thousands; that the only cause forregret was, that those who were threatening to bolt pledges with regard to appointments as Mr. Lincoln six or eight years, have followed no one's lead, andopals and diamonds, white feathers, and white crapeBut in.one thing, 'tis clear, he has fuith, namely—Parker; '* veil. The Princess Alice wore a train of rich white out! of the country. We then suggested that Tomwould not do so; that if they would carry their threatsinto execution, and go straight over to the enemy, the^Republican* would lose only those whom they couldwill he when he is inaugurated in March next. On know riot where they belonged or where to go. .WeAnd this is what makes him the crowd-drawing preacher, There's a back-ground of god to each hard-working feature, Every word that ho speak* has been fierily funiacedIn the blast of a life that IIBB struggled in earnest:There he stuiids, looking more like a plowman than priest, If not dreadfully awkward, not graceful at least,His gestures all downright und same, if you will,As of brown-fisted Hobnail iri hoeing a drill,But his periods fall on you, stroke after stroke,Like the blows of a lumberer felling an oak,You forget the man wholly, you're'thankful to meet With a preacher who smacks of the field and the street, And to hear, you're not over-particular whence,Almost Taylor's profusion, quite Latimer's Bense.rather die in the ring than allow any portion of it to go crystaline silk, trimmed with tulle and bows of ribbon; shduld resign the old belt into our hands to bo foughtSB afford to keep, and the Democracy get only such asit could HI afford to talc*: and that nothing %vould so Lincoln's trusted.friends addressed him a note, tellingforlhbnor and renown; that by agreeing to this propo- sition,^ nejtior would be giving a point to hia adversary, an* that it would be a method of settling the affair wmcb would meet with general approbation. Heenan at once assented to this this, but Sayere, after confer- ring with one of his friends, said he would give Heenan a njew belt, but would prefer keeping bis oven, forstrengthen our party in New-York as ii» purification by means ofsuch a bolt as would result from a distant*for the Chicago nominees.Douglas is very strong with the Democracy here in" Ohio. Still, there are just enough Administration men, *him that his prospects were improving, but that, at the last moment, it might he necessary to say a word'here and a word there 1W (wearing the support of certain interests; and the writer of the note asked that he, with two other friends whom he named, might be em-•;•bridge wore a white moire train, lined and bordered with pink, trimmed with Mechlin lace, bouquets of flowers/and silver cord; the petticoat of pink, glace" silk, covered with puffings of crape and handsomethis'subject The Chicago Press and Tribune has some highly interesting statements. According to that jour- nal, on Monday preceding the nomination, one of Mr.the petticoat of rich glace" silk, bouillonne of tulle, dot-and sore heads of sundry sorts, to cut him in pieces* powered to "negotiate," if negotiations shotildbecome; sion and the! vacation that followed, I saw him con- !necepsary.WesawMr.Lincoln'sreply.Itwogwor-f stantly,bot,b[intheHouseandintheWhigCentral: tunic of Brussels lace; the corsage to correspond;, or-naments, pearls and diamonds. The head-dress was a which be had fought so long. This was another hitch.1that State warmly approving the nomination of Lin'—The following sketch of Theodore Parker, fromLowell's " liWlo for the Critics," will be read withlgeneral at Capua. . _ .. The London Court Journal says that the Empress of the French, -who is known to take a great interest in Spanish" noluCs^at an evening reception at.the Tuilerieslatefe,helda*vexywarmdiscussionwiththe SpanishEmbassador. PersonsnearsayherMajestyY ears sped on, and. the family did not return, while the of Spain, whereupon the Empress was supposed to .ignorant cottagers, influenced by terror^ never dared toHamlin, for whom, they promise a majority(for I am one|of them) now think there can he no mis- take, and that the Chicago ticket is bound to succeed."—In a speech at the great ratification, meeting in New-Hayeh^ on Tuesday evening, the Hon. Truman Smith 8pokejasfollow8:" This is me timetb say, as I now say with all my heart and soul, that we will elevate Honest, Old Abe to the Presidency. [Cheers.) I have had the honor of a personal acquaintance with him. When representing the lVth Congressional District in Congress, I met him in 1847 on ithle floor of the House, and during that ses-for! by1 other aspirants, and that each champion should ted with bows of ribbon. Her head-dress consisted head jja subscription to purchase a facsimile to boof a wreath of lilies of the valley and camellias, orna- handed to'his adversary. We represented that the feeling in the country was unanimous, especially amongmented with diamonds. The Princess Mary of Cam- the].Higher classes, that both men had done enough:—TheBostonCourierhasacharacteristicarticleonJSbrth-West. The feeling is general that Lincoln is the have not asked the nomination, and I will not now formed a very high estimate of his character. I found owo ;„tollccv," oaye The Courier, " and that was all. character, they will be peculiarly fitted for the Amer- he considered this would be tantamount to a defeat;should he run. Those who do hate him, hate himf - Corumittoo, i jof wbioh we , were both members. I most intensely. And such is the fact through allnhe thy of Washington. • He s*id, "'TO*, gentlemen; IIt was clearly Heenan's object that Tom should nothim a riiariloi a high order of intellect, of unepottea•ery worst man for the " Giant" whom we could have buy it'with pledges. If I am "nominated and elected, integrity, and of very superior abilities, He is now He was not a great teacher or architect; he could ican market, and we may hope to see them at oncepitted against him. Still, with Do ugiaa for a. candi- I shall not go into the Presidency as the tool of this thirteen "ycjars older, and his powers have increased build nothing. His peculiar religious notions were so adopted.man or that, or as the property of any faction or and matured grearly since that time. -He has nowreached thejjperiod when the faculties are most thor- near to non-belief that he could scarcely, with pro- ..-Rossini is said to have been present at a musicaland atithis stage of the proceedings we had fears that after, all no amicable airangement would be made. It theh occurred to us that if the men were left alone with us, and allowed to Btate their own individual wishes,date, and only one Democratic ticket in the field, weshould have a splendid battle through all the West. clique." It is proper,' adds The Press and Tribune, oughly developed, and he has those powers which will priety, have been ranked as a religious man. He was party in Paris recently, and to have warmly praised unbiassed by the opinions of otherSj in all probabilityBut, if the standard be' wrested from his hands ard that our Republican friends East and West should un- enablethim jio discharge the duties of the Presidency in a an unrelenting opponent; and the grave was no pro- the singing of an English lady, a new candidate for we could put them together. A hint was sufficient; derstand that he has not made and will not make any manner that .will satisiy the country and command the tection to those who differed with him during life.- theifriends of both instantly left for our sanctum, andplaced in those of Guthrie, Seymour, Breckinridge, or confidence ind respect of the world. His administra- theatrical and operatic renown. Her voice is a mezzo- in fiv.^minutes the men shook hands in the most friendly any such chief, it is admitted by Democratic politicians pledges of any kind by which his action in the distri- His assaults on Daniel Webster, which were printed . soprano, and she is a pupil of Duprez. Her name is not way possible, and agreed to our proposal that eachsB through this region that there would be a general bution of public patronage will be clogged or embar- "tration will island out in bold contrast with the corrupt in THE TRIBUNE, were among the most ferocious of ;md wicktdjadministration that we now have, at the\routfromthewesternlineofPennsylvaniatothe rassedifheiselected. Wemeanthathehasmadeno headofwhichisthatwretchedandmiserableoldbach- bismanyferociousproductions. Heneversungthegiven, she being spoken of only as Madame H. -shotald have a new belt, that the old one should beJleft with us, and that in the event|of nan's thinking fit to remain in this countryborders of Kansas and Nebraska. -THE PROSPECT IN OHIO. Correspondence of Tb* N. Y. Tribune.CLEVELAND, May 28,1860.premises of any sort for any purpose whatever; and elor, Jamefe Buchanan. [Great laughter.] . What is universal prayer: <.if we know the man, he will go through the canvass needed forlPresident, is not so much a crack orator—as he has begun it:—free. We.make this statement for ae some think—as a man of strong coriimom sense—and that Mr. Lincoln has in a marked degree, powerful in-the benefit of the wiseacres who have already or- tellect—he has that too, unspotted integrity—and forganized his Cabinet, appointed his Foreign Ministers, that he is proverbial,, and a roan of nerve and unflinch-—A young girl was recently-arrested in Paris for sealing what was supposed to be smuggled tobacco, but She positively .refused to say where she lived, and it was suspected that she was connected with a regular gang, carrying on their fraudulent practices On a largeSet down Ohio for Lincoln and Hamlin, by 20,000 and generally distributed the patronage which will ing firmness, for which Lincoln is also distinguished.majority, against any man nominated at Baltimore.Lincoln will get a vote which neither Seward norChase could have secured: I mean the conservativefall into his hands, and for the benefit, further, of the patriotic gentlemen who will be. impelled to make a journey to Springfield for the purpose of magnifyingbequeathed by him to the City of Boston, to be depos- ited in the Pree Public Library. It is one of the largest and. one of the most choice private collections offoundjin him an adversary quite as good, or even bet-Trote of Central and Southern Ohio. When Gov. their services, past and prospective, and securing at Convention adopted, the rule of moderation and con-the same time a promise of reward for what they have ciliation. Abraham Lincoln stands the RepresentativeChase was elected in 1857 by a plurality of about 1,200over Mr. Payne, bis Democratic opponent, Van do: e or expect to do. "being an Old-Line Whig in his antecedents, this nent friend of Mr. Douglas at the late Douglas, meet- whether any man pleases to call himself a Republican, American vote was brought into the Republican ranks, ing at the Cooper Institute. Though we are not aware or an American, or a Conservative, Lincoln is a candi-and Dennison was elected by about 13,000 majority. that Mr. Schell is a Maine ,Law man we have good date that he can support. There is yet another reason: This vote, I have good raason to believe, could not Mr. Lincoln comes in without committals—he has not reason for the belief that he is not in the habit of tak- appointed his Cabinet. I have known Hannibal Ham-have been secured by either Ssward or Chase; but ing drinks. Moreover we are informed that he was lin, aho; I was associated with him- in the United with Lincoln it is secured beyond all question, and ren- not y|resent at the meeting at all. States Senate, of which he was a Democratic member.Trump, the American candidate, received over 10,000Man of a united Opposition, a party of Freedom, and every man and' every branch in opposition to the pres- ent and corrupt Administration, can gather round the standard that hears aloft his glorious name.. His name—We have the best authority for stating that the"rotes. By the nomination of Dennison in 1859, he Hon. A. Schell did not take drinks with any promi- was brought forward in .a -conciliatory spirit, andfuneral. They are dejected and discouraged. They a man than to principles. This is wrong, in bad taste, ever wieldedVhe forule in New-York came here in—Louis Napoleon has just procured 25,000 live quails been honorably reinstated and are again on duty.everything that has transpired which might give rit-e jfoj unpleasant reminiscences should be forgotten and '{forgiven; the numerous angry letters receivedhad expected and prayed that Seward would be nomi- nated at Chic. ^i>, and knowing the power of the preju- dice against that great statesman, had looked forward to some show of fight. But Lincoln's nomination has set them all aback, and defeat is written on their fore-and their own judgment will in good time reprove their folly. What is still more unjustifiable, is the covert attack upon Gov. Morgan by Mr. Webb." ,—The Toronto Globe has a good /wish for 'our. Re-April, 1633, on board the good ship Soutberg, from Holland, in company with stately old Everardus Bq- gardus, the dominc who married Anneke Jaiis and owned jointly with her so goodly a portion of worldly wealth which afterward came down to Trinity Churchfrom Genoa for the Imperial parks.—In a will drawn up by the late Count Stephen presents. They come from the Emperor of Russia and by eacn|andlconcocted for each by bad advisers should.heads. They are tryiog to start some small falsehoods publican candidates. " The chosen man," it says, " isS/.echenyi, in 1833, is the following singular passage: the Queen of England. They comprise elegant diamond " I wish my body, if possible, to be taken to England, snuff-boxes and diamond pins of elaborate workman- a country in which I have learned so much, in order ship. •' ' .be''MM|dtu waste paper, and thus will both:men re- main]$fe to act in concert, without fear.of any future ditipme&as to who did or said anything to the dispar- agement of his brave opponent. It should now be the2&*Wabout Lincoln, such as that he had voted against sup- plies in the Mexican war, &c.'; but it is evidently up- MQ work. ,.honest, and able; and what is more, he is the one of all in' conjunction with much heart-burning and an inter that it may there be dissected. My reason for wishing —Charles King6ley has been appointed to fill the study of each to uphold the character of his n*w pal.fore they rejoice; arid we must confess ourselves in- on the evening of the 25th, to organize, a Club of is the triumph of righteousness and freedom. In theirother good company, too, for Wonter von Twiller, thebodies of their relatives.?' In a will drawn up in 1841 j should be constructed in Hungary, its founders willP. T. Backus; Wm. Slade,Jjr., and R. F. Paine, the latter a delegate to Chicago. \'the aide of Freedom, and we cannot but watch the sub- sequent phases of the conflict with interest, and in thegood old Woutci| tfhose luminous decisions and portly breadth .of] person have been so drolly caricatured by' Irving, and who really seems to have been not only agood intentions" toward the land which gave him birth.moved the presentation of the medal (value 20gs.) to Mr. Rarey, as an acknowledgment by the society for his skill and praiseworthy efforts in the.cause of humanityThe young men of Ohio, many of whom have never participated in a Presidential canvass before, are arm- ing and equipping themselves for the fight. At thegreat struggle of November next wish them.success." thriving and prosperous merchant, but quite as good afcehe them begin to feel that he is a " dead cock in the. pit/' With any other man than Douglas f >r the nom-added, however, that, if living on the Fourth of July, mornings, could jfe heard over all the settlement; and tered a steamboat to accompany him down the Bay.anytewoxk of iealousy or ill-will between the two com- carry with him the good feelings and respect of the batanpiiijwho have every right to be considered tho best English nation. Mr-Rarey returned thanks, and ex. judges jof each other's merits fcrede cxpertis), andpublicansof Ohio know that this resultcanonlyhe secured by untiring labor and a complete organization. •This is the basis of our confidence, and this work theand that occasion would be its conclusion. .• —Am<>8tenthusiasticRepublicanratificationmeeting was held at St. Anthony, Minnesota, on Wednesday evening, May i!3.—Henrietta Fuller,.daughter of Willis'Fuller of South Belchertown, Mass., employed as a' weaver in the factory, aged about eighteen years, went to a water-cask to. obtain water for washing. This caskmonths in length.relaxed tho incidents of his first experiments upon his father'* horses, as before detailed by him on other oc- casions. . . „ -Wi ; •r~~*J O I N T I B E N E F I T FOR HEENAN AND-SAYERS-the ranks of naturalized Germane, heretofore identifiedWigwnm, for their use during the campaign.-The Boston Transcript says that the Bell andrevolutions per minute, and with, which/the dress ofthe unfortunate girl became entangled. With eveiy news.of his father's death reached him.—It appears that Prince Napoleon is about to sail'The story runs thus: storyThis has been going on for theI desire no better man at the head of Government than this citizen of the Great West, of whom it is truly said that he has not sought the office. I rejoice at his nomi- nation.- I: rejoice at it for other reasons—because theparents of the girl resided at Belville, a Commissary ofPolice went to the'spot indicated, which he found to bean isolated house, communicating with a garden, andbooks in the country; it covers a wide range of sub- well calculated for any illicit operations. Having ter, than he expected, and he might add, now that thejects, and includes works in many: languages. The knocked and rung several times without having been question of the belt was done away with, what he could not have said publicly before, viz: that even hadbooks are generally in the best editions, and some of able'to obtain admission, the Commissary, in a loud he defeated Tom Sayers in the Ring, it was his intea-* them are very old. voice, ordered the door to be forced. This order pro- tiorijtoihaye given the belt right back to him on the—High preparations are making in Canada for the duced the desired effect, for the door was opened by a 8po<!, [fueling it would have been far from manly on his-glorification of the Prince of Wales. A special rail- man. On entering the place, a strong smell of tobacco parltbihave deprived so good a man,of his hard- tarneditrophy, after waiving his rights so far as to way carriage has been made for him to ride in on the was perceived, and lying about were a*quantity of allow him a chance of trying for it. Tom replied inGreat Western line. In its size and outside appear- wrappers with labels of"different kinds, such as Mary- suitable terms, that he had always respected Heenan; ance it is similar to an ordinary first-class car, except land, Levant, Virginia, &c. In an adjoining room was he looked upon him as a brave man, and the best heBut when the Democrats passed that measure of ini-heard—although both Seward and Chase have very —The Republicans of Wards Eight-, Nine, and Ten, qui'y, the Nebraska bill, he abandored that party, and by 9 feet wide. The sides, ends and .partition of the all kinds of apparatus for the manufacture of spurious Thifjjarrangement, we think, cannot but give eatLsfac-in Boston, have \formed a " Lincoln Wide-Awake now acts with us. He is a man worthy"of your confi- cigars, and also a quantity of powdered wood, chip- tionlto every one. All difficulties as to the division of many devoted friends—the action of the Ohio delega- dence and support, and is fit to fill any place in the gift room are richly ornamented with pedestal, cornice,ders his triumph in Ohio certain. So far as I havetion in giving Lincoln this vote that nominated him is Club," with an influential body of officers. of the people, even the chair of the Chief Magistrate. jnlafter and'entablature complete. The windows are pings of burnt leather, and other substances, intended the f.>eltj or its removal from the country, are disposed of, and; ;it still remainatobe fought for. Each of thecordially approved in all parts of the State. His The Cleveland Herald says that Mr. Lincoln was I am for the •cause. I think it high time that the Demo- surmounted by a silk upholstery panel and hung with to be used in making a composition sold as snuff, were late 'combatants will receive a trophy which he may first nominated for the Presidency by a meeting in cratic party should take a vacation. We shall then drapery. Over the door at each end of the saloon is found. On again entering the room where the woman wear vifith pride, and show to future generations asnomination constitutes a middle ground upon which the %have an opportunity to overhaul the Government in lay, the commissary, who bad begun to entertain sus- fruits m his prowess. The public generally, and es- % conservatives of Southern and the radicals of Northern Mansfield, Richland Co., Ohio, held immediately after all its departments, and if you want to know what we placed the Prince of Wales' coronet and feathers,Ohio can meet and unite. We thus find large ratifica- his defeat by ^lr. Douglas, in 1858. hhall discover, I will refer you to the testimony of the carved in wood. With this as its center' runs a fluted picion that her illness was feigned, and that she had pecially the Corinthian patrons of the ring, j will be Covode Committee! [Applause.] Some people have silk panel, in shape like an extended fan, while in .thrown herself en the bed to conceal something under pleased;tb^t the men will not again meet in a hostiletion meetings held in Cincinnati, Columbus,and Cleve- —The Fort Wayne Times, hitherto independent,, tried to get up a third party, and I have thought I wayi.'A'll were delighted with the spectacle affoa-ded on , land, and many other smaller places; and the indica- hoists the names of Lincoln hnd Hamlin, and justifies would propose one myself—a party that if properly or- place of windows two large mirrors will be suspended her, ordered her to get up. This she at last did,'and the'17th.April, by tbe indomitable pluck aud endurancetions now are that we shall, for the first time for many its action by a candid and able article, commending the ganized and supported, would soon put Democratic each side of the doorway. The furniture will be con- beneath the mattress he discovered a sack filled with exhibited on both sides, and however much all must years, present an unbroken front in the coming cam- course of Indiana arid Pennsylvania at Chicago. villainies but Of every department of Government. I structed of blister or bird's-eye maple; the sofas and- ends of partly burnt cigars, probably picked up in the have; regretted that the question was not settled one!mve thought of proposing an Anti-Rascality party. chairs are of the-etyle ef Louis XIV. and XV. Next streets or cafe's, and which were to be used in the man- wayjor the other, still the feeling was, as we-have paign. Indeed, the indications are that it will be more — The Troy Daily Times says, with regard to the Laughter and cheers.] But now that Honest Abe stated,! pretty general that a second meeting should notJike the campaign of 1840 than any ainoej that date. Republican and Lincoln Clubs are being formed allover the'State, and measures taken for a full and com- plete Organization. The only present drawback is that •we cannot find the enemy. The few Democrats to be «een look as if they were paD bearers at their partyRepublican, nominations, that " there is no good sense, .A lcoln is nominated, I think we, need no third party. to the saloon, on either side of the car, is the dressing- ufacture of new oneB. The man and bis wife were take place. As to who might have proved the winnerno just cause, for complaint. Those editors who, like Webb of TIte N. Y. Courier and Enquirer, dole out ponderous columns of winnings because of the defeat of their favorite, permit factious passion, instead of cool reaeon, to govern them. They show more devotion toTremendous applause.]room and wash-room, which will be fitted up wiih every regard to comfort and convenience. At the other end of thenar is the ante-chamber, 14 feet long. This room will be plainer than the principal saloon, but yet very elegant.arrested. in thejjjy-ent of a second meeting was of course a ques- . tion bti$d' to much debate; each man naturally had his —Three of the Boston policemen, Joseph H. partisans, and equally open to dispute was the point as to wpojwould have come oft* victorious had there been no intenereme. These are matters on which we have ourdwn opinion in common with others, but as the accusations made against them by another officer, have men;}are now fast friends, we think it better thatPERSONAL.— The Leader says that the first schoolmaster whoCoombs, Stephen H. Lewis, and Sylvester Brown, who were suspended from duty in consequence of falseminable lawsuit'. Adam Roelaudsen (or Rohmdson)insure the ascendancy of the Republican cause. There- was the lii-sttchoolmaster of Manhattan Island, and like which is felt by the English to the dissection of theothers, likely to carry'the largest number of votes andthis is that my example may tend to diminish the dis-chair of modern history at Cambridge, England, ren- dered vacant by the death of Sir James Stephen.his name should be remembered as that of the localThe young men of Cleveland had a rousing meeting clined to icjoiee with them. The triumph of that party tutelar saint of the book and the ferule. He came in Szechenyi expressed a hope that if ever a, Witlhallanaeetmg on the 26th, some who have hitherto acted with our opponents came out and enrolled themselvesander the banner of Lincoln and Hamlin, jDouglas's friends look dejected, and unless their looks must decline the invitation for the present year. He tory charges from the. school-houce door on sunshiny next Saturday. A number of his friends have char-•»ti»!). aud it cannot be braced t h -and'qb'jali in.his power toward strengthening the bona of fijjieiid&hip so auspiciously entered into. ' Itis the intenjtibn of the men to go forthwith on a joint sparring tourlrjjrevions to which, however, they will take joint—The London Field st&tee that at the annual meet" beneiitsim the metropolis, full particulars of which will ing of the Society for the Prevention of Cruelty to be tcfjfjf! below. As to the new belts, they must be **Wide Awakers." TL« meeting was addressed by platform of principles, they come out unmistakably on new Director-General, was 'on board the same ship- yive bis remains a place in it, as a reward "for hia Animals, on Wednesday, the 16th ins't., Sir J. S. Lillie paid Jorby subscription. Sayers will head Heenan's list, ana Heenan will do the like office for Sayers;. but theyjwiill, of course, require considerable assistance from kh'e public to carry out their arrangement, and we niakje an appeal to the gentlemen of England who —Blondin's ropes are stretched across the gorge at in relation to the taming and training of horses. The bave&lpreesed so much pleasure at the recent mill to —The Auburn Advertiser says a Committee of Governor—spite.; of .'traditional ridicule—as the times Niagara, between tha Suspension Bridge and the Mont- Right Rev. Chairman (the Bishop of Bangor), in a very comejaorward at once with their contributions toward leading citizens of that place called on Mr. Seward, on could veryjwell;aflord for such an out-of-the-way and uigle House. The inclosures are also finished, giving eloquent speech, presented'the medal to Mr. Rarey, and the r&uieite object. We hope next week to able toforehead, and forcing her .eyes .from their sockets, while her body and limbs were shockingly mangledwith the marks of the catastrophe, and the body was.-city.| 'MrJIJfARR offered the f(was adapted:!•Betotttd, Tbai thft'Strieft C »•directed to repo» to! tho Board v/ tb* t«l^ra£hUn*»haVe been rjt Cornpan y lloniMju.Mr.| F A it i.tfr submitted erectio; i of MX additional fj e public utvtetH >fthis city, tl< <;ureoftheCr<>toh.Aquedmt tractinj;therefor Laidovei, number of Anfcaorrnous,innurrj* rable iibopkceberKpotts, | signs, ind ata4L», mi-iably adopt. read aid invjiall htxirecei\red their mce| police) who, pr'the mUtfcfoj the renewal'o impedimentthat the King of Naples, wishing to bestow an especialifstir in the matter, until the gardener's wife, on her ^death-bed, recently made a full confession. In'the —To the memory of the late Marquis of Waterford i^nean time, the cottager's child, has passed his life as a a handsome monument has been erected by the Water- pmemberoi one of the noblest families of France,1 has |Been attached to an embassy, and nbw holds a desirableford Hunt Club, on the spot where the unfortunateman was killed. It is a plain massive ancient Irish l> official position, while the real heir has spent his youthof the Mayor' removal c faing of the 16th -hist., 1,811 persons were invited.Court Journal unnecessarily says,"manyofthosehonored with invitations were unable to attend."«v>p*ent to tbe emorpl of tl.«r x—Matrimonial advertisements are not confined toAmerica, or even to America and England. The fol-lowing is from a Turkish newspaper published at Con- April, Palermo was started with the report of themade "doubhjstantinople:" A young girl, Delisch by name, of the (Circassian)arrest of Father Lanza, by American intervention, on boa^d a merchant vessel, bearing the 'stripes and stars,' and that the act was committed by the agency of Mr. Barstow, the American Consul! The diplo-diademofdiamonds,feathers,andasilvertulleveil.the late Theodore Parker. " He was a man of v%or- All tboee toilettes being of a simple and inexpensive have the original, or, at any rate, the wholo of it, asdefend it against all comers for three vears, hould become hie own. Tom undertook not ,it in any further claims for it, intimating that he ld.;now retire from the Ring, and leave its fortnnes and itis vicissitudes for younger men. Heenan, in a —The library of the late Theodore Parker was tcale. It having been afterward discovered that the few wfell-expressed' wprds, said he had always respect- ed ©hr Champion as a brave man, and one of the'won- ders of the age; he had tome over to try whether he couldilick him, and he was bound to acknowledge he' Teach me to feel another's woe, to hide the fault I see; That mercy I to others show, that mercy show to me.'But'he is gone; and let no man imitate his bad quali- ties." , . ' • • • ; : • •in its painting, a part of which is the Prince of Wales' a woman lying in bed, apparently very ill, and the had Sever met, and he considered him in every way worjuiy to uphold the position of Champion of Englandarms, and some beautiful panneling. The priscipal commissary did not disturb her, but proceeded with his Bbovjldihe feel disposed so to do.feature of the inside is the spacious saloon, 26 feet long search through the other parts of the premises, whereaccommodations for 20,000 people. aimofpcb the subscriptions as complete.said he was sure Mr. Rarey would uot require to look In-p^ing leave of the subject, we would most thor- —The Rev. Mr. COrbtt, late the pastor of Greene- at the medal then, presented to lvm to remind him that oughM'.jflcprecate, on the part of the admirers oi* either ard received the.request very kindly, but said that he tent. The little tin horn with which he called his dila- street M. E. Church, leaves for Europe in the Adriatic JnwhatcverpartoftheworWhemiglit.be he would man^'p!fjriting or chafing m such a manner as to kindleSatnrday morning last, and requested him to consentto deliver an oration' on the Fourth of July. Mr; Sew- Roelandoen; had i not a pedagogic charge of great ex-ever-troiiblesojme colony as New-Amsterdam. Adam1861, he would then cheerfully consent t© deliver an the school-house itself was only of rough slabs, of hight —Jer.ny Lind Goldscbmidt and her hueband will plained to the meeting the manner in which«his atten- woxuMrWe all who cannot come to tho same conclu-inee, Lincoln's majority will be nearer forty than thir- address to his fellow-townsmen, as forty years pre- enough to clear-the head of the pedagogue, and a dozen leave London for Sweden in the early part of June. tion had first freen directed to the subject of training sion njj tho matter as the men themselves, to find at y thousand. But while I can speak thus confidently•cf Ohio, I can with equal confidence say that the Re- vious to that date he had commenced his public life, feet each way in extent.safety-valve for their opinions by subscribing to the They will make a visit to the North of three "or four horses. He gave also a brief sketch of his life, and belt of that one whom they shall deem -the worthier.Republicans of Ohio mean to pprf .rm.Another noticeable feature in the politics of Ohio is, —The Republicans of Dowagiac, Cass County, was very near an upright abaft and coupling box,-, —The son of'Baron Bruck is attached to thejAus- the incidents developed in which will set tho brains of :iit « caption at the Alhambra, Leicester square,in thethe iccreasiog accessions to tie Republican party from Michigan, have erected a Lincoln Fiat-Boat Cabin, or which was revolving at the rate of over one hundred, trian Legation at St. Petersburg; he was about to the dramatists in a whirl, and give work to their pens.week foillowing PJpsom' races-—Subscriptions have been opened in Various parts of-with the Democracy.past fonr year*, acd from present indications thousands | Everett leaders in Mussacbutctts'are making strenuous j revolution her head struck upon the strong iron frame-"Nearly thirty years ago, a widow lady, of a nobloand powerful Huguenot family redding in the south ofFiance, placed her child with .a gardener,'3 wife, who I alxeac ykmounts to lOjOOOf.—The Madrid journals, state that the Queen had ordered 50,000 cigars to'be distributed among tho troops on their arrival in the capital.Bcl "sJLife says that an arrangement, ha* been ttuwlo b y H :enan and Sayers by which they will give a bea-be married to Mademoiselle Faleisen when the sadUntitled Document•\a.—Capt. Hudson of the Navy has received more—A suit has been commenced in tho French Courts,"l t aVin favor of Garibaldi's expedition, At Milan it.away the screaming victim under the bed-clother, and taking his garments, he placed them on his own child, and boldly stood at the door to wait the lady's coming Contrary to the usual casual glance given1 by her oa her previous visits, the lady-mother was so struck at the change in her darling, to the lean, brown, hungry- lookingbabewhichshebeheldintheplaceofherown plumpbaby,that,vexed and exasperated beyond measure, sbe seized the child in her arms, and bade the postillion drive away. The gardener and his wife were terribly frightened;. but decided to go the next'fin discipline and privation as a soldier in Algeria. The 'latter now brings suit to recover bia property aadtitle." =JBerryer, probably the most famous lawyer in France,,jiation of Mx Piatt to, atherefore the.: oil owjngBp««ting the valdltyof iaid fcngeyeral propositions were made on both sides, in thenolvfd th*t the Board do no roThe Policeforth that they had eatable*Firti: I That i o prisoner, v(\ ei to Court tior trial ,Second: That Court honns sr.o »nd 3 o'clock p. : n.Third: IThat IJIT officer hnntr Court, tniiat immediately remJoBtice*. IThe Chief Clerk was dtijarevthe Police Ca;stains, anc j a room thOy needed for tht•' -M prisoners hereafter.SOCIETY F(j>R THE ^EI ' CHILDREN O The foirtcei th annual me<Belief of Destitute Children Home, near the Sailors' Island, on yeftc-rday, Capt. the chair;The Rev. Sfr. EOGLK5TOJ wbifch set fortjh that during jbeeri admitted to the Home;*their friepds; and two girls 1 axiom?. There were in the 1 to 12yeafs of age. •No deat year, and there had been bx\ come for [he year amounted expenditures 'had reachediab state of tlie resources, the"Be t h e benevolent public to aid iThe following ladies were Societv forjthe ensuing year'- Mri.V-Wl A. Tomlinson. Fthit Second Directrets; Mrs. G. C. (>c TV. D; Cuthbertson. Treasure?:.M letary: Misa A. M. Griswold, CorAddressies were, delivered 1 TON, |the l^ev. Dr. HOGE, anj Tne children were exenis various departments in W .ic struction. [ They gave gen<recitations;andparticula:-y sill looked bright and happy, anxious to| make themBeljv-e? then?Visitors.'' There was friends.The ladies engaged in t their work be recognized" an gible Shape; so. that the Hi <3ebr»-<•"DEPARTMENT QP CH RECTI* This Board met yesterday. President DRAPER in the < present. I * .. The minutes of the Iastrproved'A communication was receyitch'.lof the Work-House, i four females in InV Depart: times jveryf violent. * They 1 liable at any time to do the. •wanted to know what he shoThef matter was referred t dent Physician* who replied named' are! old cases of inss spectsl similar to some 100 House, and Work-House. , H insanel iu these house* are i their habits, aud require nr them blean and coniforta' -U together ins wards bv. themi xangementsl for wasfiing an iheir condition,might bacoiis these f" ict«, Ithe Doctor savs constitute no incon3ideraGl« taken <:are of somewhere, an would be deemed proper sul Lunatijf Asylum.The jDoctj^r then proceed^ •who are proper subjects for gays thlat while'Kriting the co were brought in, legally- cm oubly at WArd's Istand. Hi some action Jimmcduitelv in e: tion for!;the mmate*of the'Lcl not a spare room in the whol being occupied bv i\\o} au<i d Jive patients, while [the pn^ii filled at night, more than one-of patients sleeping on the !i* crowded state,) he"says, th«-re and should one, occur, it wool both patients and officers. C mnn'cationsJ wss referre-' t* Whole. !A lengthy (report yciu madeWhole, fromj which we make In rogflirito tbe dpagjeroos »d vrila the *otfthaide of the' Alar* tlcertained ithattba difficulty 1» c*u**of sufficient rtrearth to fcupgor: i •hould Call, it woiiiidr.iw-1!:- i iij are being taken to ohviat* -r,< d whole tower, audiothe^ivj arni:.j; tion to lirt;• andjpijopertYi.The reports rBktivt} tb tt«e »te; -n- tion», before uienponed in Tan f< printed, j- •.! • . . I .The outrageous condjltioti' in w found by the Coiuniiasionera ou d tiieir imiUediate attention. It wal di»cipltnej filthy in condition, ov.n particularjdmtitutje of proper *U.#n» twelve feniale«, and a gang <»f ••• m been aent to Bellfrne Bospita! f.«f Other labcir absolutely reqoiaite to t iiittitutr,ou.Plumbing work, carpenter's wort ordeiced to be donv at the various in The work on tie new'Ialaud Uetion, and {the amngenaenta hav>« b- JbuilJins ready (br occupancy in :'ou For th^ erection ot play h<r>e! Children during ipcloment weathtcontracts have been ordered.Tho occurrence of acun y at thv»prided against by the liberal supply i 4aU'» WaW, ic. ITho roof* of the buOdbiir* on Rai bad condition. On tho 5th o( rVor with "Bttir-« patent dement.- ai ranted tight against leakage for t procos* did not in any rdipect CO'-ib jnunicatioaa have heeu Jout to ipt. gation*. : .. •By the ^manufacture W s0l\ •aving ia had.to the DepartmentDirectioiiA havo been] given t purchase ajbettex quality of dwi -the uabstitixtiou of freah jmuttv^u mates of the Lunatic Asylum, *\1 plied withitea and coffeeJi Llq ter stitutiouK 4r» to bo under, chars.•,. (Circulart have been adarOMed t > ..'./' proposals to supply- tho dii>partm<Mit.coaL k-i"'.'?»<'l ' Mr.Thols.Little,architect,hi*1 vJeSerson Market building, and r.->fulhtU'd thfiir contract. ;iA contract lias been made lor Mtto oxtcrmiuato rata for one year trb At tho lilahd Hospital; Dr*. rHl •were appouited in placo of .^r*. .-whose terms haxo expired. At•ita appointed in the place of Dr. F•»<s« *ji fbioept in o«e, of eai«rg»ucy. iretail /Thomas M. Tryniski 309 South 4th Street Fulton New York 13069www.fultonhistory.com 