 -Tic*fVoidente—A.J.Muckaer,8.C,Morton,Dr.Wm. an organization which shall leave to the prosperity HarrisWm.&Springs,IkD.Arnat,A.G.Coffin,Morris ofthewhole republic,andsecure thepassageofvote Aconventionbssbeencalledbytbemtonominateaeandtdateforthathuboilice,fromwhicheverySouthernStalehasbeen deluded. (Biases, followed by applause) In other and I rejoice before m y God that I now find a plaiforn on w o r d s , t h e r e p u b l i c a n p a r t y c a l l u p o n t b e N o r t h e r n S t a t e s , OOTB-prising a large majority of lie electoral college, to combinewlib theminorderlodeprivetbeBou'bera Males of allsharetotbeExecutivebranchoftbegovernment10K1W YORK HERALD, MONDAY, FEBRUARY 6, 1860.-TRIPL1. SHEBTniif anwlaTHOTw ?mim?m. *<*+***-****-'''****St**%*>S**^^S***^~mInaaipiratioa of a New National Party.—————i ii.••aiTcNfcttffMUiifrili#•tternioi nxvyw|i*iV^tr**»*•*••»and authority weand thtoktog ettriene. sad, ashbove allll., aees •overessest but as the beat w e shah ever have,i; aavdTse1tnaiy believe, the beat eve?f wir<!<»»fn.aa. itnpUuseiWe ere informed that when General' tet'aTbe ' - ^ a j ^ J . f f i f f i esrttltaiicn.eerosefromMssswt,ane,sswr uVered'l^antemn wwd^^houJdtbe Stu eelJ«Bte.*stituiicn.tbeP'obabtttty aithat ant sever .fain offer to cancel snctberindraws in blood," » w e and onr fathera-by UnderOtisexcellentSSLT M CarO» pnJaoa Saturday everflcwiagil th a city of Phitedel a perfect success, ifmade four yearn ago in this yryCUfot ***l***TM*"£ of the coasdtattoa, and within a few days avowedlln Oon- rrem by certain of the representatives, to, of o w owa STof JhJrsSsn,to refuZ^mi-oxi toto theDnma onrbf terms of republican equality with its °^ J^ **"'°.letter from ibe Hon. Chan Oonrtd—(cnlta for Fillmore, ia the Territories where it could properly bo carried, Broom sndother interruptions)—end he wan sure ifMr. or in the States where it existed. (Ap- Coniadwere here to-night, hecould not utter a speech plause.) It was a mere abstraction. No man that would be more heart stirring and satitactory. dam carry bis slaves Into the Northwestern territories,deliver m e a summons r Y on nee, Senator, I rather have you there, If I choose to stand on the legal prmorpsm of tba democracy; but I waive thm advantage, imawnnnh aw I did not get the summons, nor knew thai there was na« lb s Academy of Manic, won thronged in everyl > to the very portaio of the building persons www vaialy struggling (oradsahtinria The Banoan sf the dto ttegntohod gontlesnsn who wore announced to take part inceiptofyourletteroftbeSCihultimo,invitingmetoattend plause) Buthewouldmakenospeech. (Criesof"Go haveobeyedthesummons. Whydidnotyourser-ticolar shape to accord with their arbitrary will, aad un- a mass meeting to inaugurate hi your city the formation of a on," "Go on.") H e wished to any that they, na n party, vant serve it sooner • I waa at heme all last weak, and aay a few words about the ptetol. B a aaod Nwsabroughthad strong ianueace in drawing together crowd, and alshongh the people wore evidently mt 1tonpposalad Oti learning that neither Messrs. Everett,Fillmore,orIrklendea hadarrived,theirentbu-snd wanton disregard of the principles, the patriotism, thertrj existenceof theconservative,patrioticinstitu- tionlovingandlawabidingmansesofoarpeople,webearman, whether be hail from New York, Massachusette, GeorgiaorSouthCarolina,whowilltake ourbannernad bearitboldly,heistheman. (Applause.) HemoatbeP. 8 —Unless yon need m e very much, please don't •end another summons, snI cannot afford the time vary well,ahd don'twanttovisit Washington;besides,anlam notn NorthernatC,I am notgoodntansweringquee-tout t>«; The large hall in tbeWjSBiKOton CITV, D. C. Feb. 3, 1M0. because it wouldn't pay. The speaker was himself a summons here forme, until this blessed morning BrentOnnniD-I have the honor to acknowledge there- negroowner,andansnchbemade thatdeclaration. (Ap- hadIcomehomeonMondayevening,nausual,Icouldnot ofhiaown will,and atan ntggeatteaof cars,desared toall fntnre spphcants. and to reject their oppHcatton unless •ity,know*tyansaeaaflanNationalBoilandbyothers theconstitution*theyhnveframederemouldedinaparpoliticalaeacctetioos,tountoinformingagreatM»<«^£.*fVjUte ores* of which ahall i s »ss prssss^oths^ tho Foflnralratoo -heprotacticnoftheeocsntuttoealrightsofal'Stales,asssopprvsatoaof ssettoaatasm from whateverquarterItmarsome sadthessewrmsoftheSMIMBSBtoomceoftrsl»nationalaadewecervedveaaaa.whFhythan-positionanteeedentsandwell kiiowi eharaeier arejebfe to rally around them aB pa-w*uceniaeas,wehsrawylavfta allwhoaympathmswiththeabove views to asset in general town meeting, on Saturday ful sons, contend for yoor rights "within the Union." Penn- evoolDg sett, al National Ball, at seven ./deck, » organize a sylvstin will sustain you, and together w e will secure partytobssailedihe :oostiuilonil Union Part?of Phtiadel- ilitm. (A(plause) and to the patriotic and vene-come, and be bad read their letters. "Brown")(Calls for "Brown,"paia The Boo.Joan I.Owendtn. H>a. Millard rillmor* rable Governor of Texas, whose*recent message to its Boa Edwwd avereit. sad ether dteoaguiahed steMeaaao. are Legislature demands the usurpation, by a secti.nnl Con-He thus continued in almost uainterrupte<i prayer,stag- atractlon may be discussed forevtr without being determined the absence of the distinguished speakers that were an does not cover tha objection I raise, which ' la, that ing, and earnestly inquiring upon spiritual things untilbu/y deep and forever^ the character of tha partisan,to ree up patriots, to break; the vile chains of party,to thmw the fragments to the winds, and to fe*l t*ieproud is tit(notion that you have made but a smallsacr.Dietotiieparamountobligations which weowetoour r nimon country." (Apnuuse.) In the fullness ofthe Lope that these sacrifices will now and here be made," witiiout regard to former political associations,"—withthe W'SEI'DS Warned from the magnificent history of theprerlees Statesman of Ashlaad, fresh in your metmries of tie Starts of the Confederation in bitter animosity agains:plause ) MILLARD FILLMORE. rpwatfi ('. I'KjkrHrit then stated that in an interview he had tarr with the Hon. Cbarles P. Inirersoll, of Philadel- phia,hebadehimsaythatberegrettedexceedinglythat be wasrotable to bepresent tonight; that he concurred htartily and fully with the objtct of tbe meeting, and wisbt-d It success. Mr. P. then read a letter from theHon. l.corge Bridge, as follows:— • WASRSCTO!!, Feb. 3. ISA I.Brown w as laid, wounded and near to death, on the floor of a Southern prison, and I should then think, a s John Brown once thought, that the cause demanded so great a sscrifice as for m e to speak to you, and you should come (as doubtless you woulo) to try to extort political capital from my dying tongue, then, S*uator, I may submit to tbe lard fate, and answer j our interrogatories; but whifl i am a freeman, and am inspired by that martial music nowheardbythosewbolisten tothethrobbing* ofthethepisiseofmanandhowlittle fortbeplorycrGod. We M.ktnniv believe—ai.o, not without just ground—thatsrees Stephens wasgni't'f*s of bis wife's death. BALi*liY W KN.UT, 188 West rhirty focrth st. ffURLFS F. SK1NNEK, 173 Esst Twentieth st.Ntw YORK,Feb.4,186t>.Personal Intelligence.Serxr De Oviedo and bis fair American briie toft theFt. N<< bclss Hotel on Saturday, atone o'clock, and em -baikeel on board the Quaker City, Capta-n Slmfeldt, forHavana, at d a visit to h is estates on the'-ever faithfulisland cf Cuba" A large party of relatives and friends took leave of tbem on l».ird the steam, r, wnbicg them a happy voyage and early return. During the year and a ball that Senor d e Ov,eoo h a s passed in tuis city and vicinity b e h a s made warm frienosbips, wbile h is large orders lor tbe c< listri.ctii.g of steam and oi.ber machinery for tbe improvement ol bis estates—to say notbing of bis expencitiire for articU-s of taste and luxury—has given • rripl'iynient to h'in#re.',s ofonr industrious population, and Jianose me profits l< r tbose who bave ha i bis orders.Fx President Comonfrrt. of Mexico, leaves here to d a y for \ f w Orleans, coropolled io seek a more genial climate by ibe exigencies of bis health. He will go by way of Cici'iinatt and Mtnipbss.Ibe Faston (P a ) Erj.rr*t says.—Mr. and Mrs. Ancin, reeio'nji near tbe High Bridge of the New Jersey Central Kai'roao, are supposed to be the largest cumpie in this OfiiMry. Tbe gentleman's wrifbt to Too pounds, and the laJj>weight5C-0. Mr.AtLin'sagetoabout45,andMrs. Ai n n s *bout 40. It requires six yards ol onsstmere for Mr.A'spants,andnine yards ofcloth fora coat. He atid h ie wife keep a public bouse a t a place ca'led Peg's i'tbble. Itissaidthat tbeNewYork Museum offered the ample: $1,600 per year and their exper.ses if theyand iti your wirm and generous hearts, I w:il proudly co operate with yon in indignsmt rebnke of tbe vife com- binations that infest the land, of political emp?rms. arro ^ant anJ onscrupulous rtcmsgogues, whose hipocrincal t-rofessiens of patriothm is a c!oak for purposes of cor- rupt acgrandiseraect, through rdbber like possession of " r[xuls and power. ' (Applause.) I thought that m ybr t f participation in politics w a s a t a n e n d o f necessity; l o r m e r e i s n o p l a c e i n o u r n a t i o n a l c o u n c i l s f o r a n y w h o , standing upon the Constitution, look down upon ibe miser- able and intrigues of party politicians: but no man may fix a limit to the duty and a'Jvgiance be owa to b>s country, and I am. here to implore you to renum-Uini ii meetiigin Philadelphia on the 4th inat has been re- ltd to destroy it. Let tbe people rise in their majesty ceived. Having lieen for many years identified with those and rebuke the sentiineit of disunion W ho is afraid of who regard the preservation of the Uuion and ttecsnaUtutam, the Union being dissolved. Not I. It will stand and .be enforcement of the laws at paramount to any otherber the undying words Of him whose splendid Ktaiea and by administering tbe government in accordancefor popular affection, and for thehonors of tbe republic,th'ir services and names, their high examples, and theirwise and noble counsels, suggest tbe duties incumbentupon us now, under the call of another watchword, ap-prop! ate to the spot on which w e stand, which, through-oat the length an.1 U~^J& <*Ti » iand, wui tnaveandheavet£egreatnational hearttoitsnoblestandholiestmeasures at ooee to ettaluisi organizations to act in concert withthisaasoetatioD.Resolved. Thauhe Chairman of tha meeting be anthorized to appoint, at his earliest convenience, one citizen from each ware, who shall act as a general committee to organize ward aaaocUt'ors, snd that the chairman of tha meeting be chairman of aaM general committee.out mentioning the name, which wasread, as follows.—BOSTON, NOV. 14, 1X80. OiKTLmiK—I have the honor to acknowledge tbe receipt of your letter ot the 11th of tba month. Invltlog me. in behalf of (be fr lends of ibe constitution snd the Union, without dis inc- tlon cf party, resident in the city and county of Philadelphia,our cbildrens's and ourchildren's children's. Therefore let us run up our standard high, and let the whole arch of our confederacy resound with tbe motto of Gen. Jackson, "By the Eternal, this Union must and shall be preserved;" and not only preserved, but preserved in tranquillity, peace and prosperity. (Loud applause.)RKDP A TBJAS. REDPATH. MISSING.and deliberate council 'or the "preservation o f tbe federalloton,theprotectionoftbe constitutional rights of aillbs States,'' and the "suppression of disloyal,un- Amencan sectionalism " T o proclaim our unalterable devotHntothetrueandobviousprinciplesoftheooosti- tuiicn,whichrequiresnointerpretation butthatofcom soon honesty and common sense; nor interpreter but that recogn srd t»y itself, our deep, HOCbanging, unchangeable love to every inch of the soil made free by tbe sacria JOBof ourforefathers, andtorepudiateallfellowshipwithmen who fail to recognise the North, the South, the East and theWestaspart andparcel ofone indivisible whole— (applause)—onedearandcommonooootry—«nepricelesstbe extinguished gentlemen w h o were invited from volu iosary Congress assembled. In Philadelphia the Declaration of Independence was made In Philadelphia iheabroadtoaddretsyouthistveninghave,bysome causes Constitutionwasformed,aidreceivedtbesignaturesofWash- which they have no control over, been prevented from ingifn and his associates, and now. when the-e Is a spirit reaching tbe city of Philadelphia. (Ironical laughter.) abn ad evidently laboring to effect tie separation of tbe Colonnod glorious Union. (Renewed applause.) Fellow citi- to day, which letter I will read a stogie passage from.gation before Justice Steers. Tbeevidenceshowedthat tbeaccused wasfound byibenigbtwatchmanintheaeas. oar fathers founded tbe republic, established that Union,andcomet.ted itwithpieaacriftceoftheirJor t u n s o , w i t h t h e i r b l o o d . T h e d u t y o f i t s p r e s e r v a t i >n d o - volv*s upon on Shall we not discharge thai duty in tbe(Many voices: "Feid it all." "Let us have tbe whole of it") liisashort letter. (Voices,"Thenreaditall." I w i l l r e a d t b e w h o l e o f t h e l e t t e r . ( A p p l a u s e )rescue the country frcm the danger that threatened it (Applause.)Inquest to day.not or would not give a satisfactory account of himself. Bedi1notbelongtotheboat,andwasastrangertothose o n b o a r d . T h e t a c t s a n d c i r c u m s t a n c e s w e r e o f s o p o s t - tve a character that tbe Justice required the accused to findbailinthesumof $2/00 to await tbeactionofthelean platitudes. That proposition, that black s a d a*** proposition todestroy theIndependence and tocorrupt tne integrity cf the Americnn Jndldnry, by resnoadBnf « highest courts, because of a decision bsned upon the cco- stitutloo,distastefullothepartisanscfthennshorof»eGREATOTHTJSIASM-RE80LUT10I8,proposition,wewellremember,anddonotmeantofoget. woesfcrwhichhistoryhasnoparallei^wtllbe mouth of tie cannon by a military ehteftaai.threadbare. Hecametoaddress attan ing.ThetimebadcomewhenAnawfulaadrealisingannas wan evidently iifiilaim. H$ aTjpnand early la the interview, a seaeoa of prayer, and naked us especially lo ask for grace that he might unburden b a heart, at the done of which bomoat earnestly besought God Inwhich in soul h e required to dtnebarge h i t d uty.from bin knees h a desired a hymn In b a sung, aad than,aWpansagsofcertainnncotmtltuuonal act.ofAsnenAly Intheearnesthoeprethatyour deliberatenextSaturday 1strifeto prohibit officers of p«ulicnlar States, and, as far » P°»- of]IUU1 mav tendtoiherestorationoispeakout. Whatwan thecauseofailtheand division in onr country? It was the eternal nigger. (Laughter and applause.) What possible mteresthadservant teUnme,wangiventoberonMondayaf, to deliver to m e on m y return home. Sir ..she isof bin conditionknown that this interna! strife must cease, and thus show to the world that we were still a prosperous, happy and ondefilcd people. (Applause.)of the North at.il South have been quirrellitig about it for j ears, when it will not admit of any legislative remedy »lattv<r Whi'e we make this concession to the South, 't t os ask the South to make a similar concession to us ardgiveusa tarifffortheprotectionofhomeindustry. (loud applause.) Tbe North and South are wedded together for good or for evil. W e arelblessied with a eorstitnijOD the wisest ever framed/ Tbe ques lira which threatened to be a barrier to the adop-the o'ber, impaired that fraternal confidence among the people which is every where the only sure baaia of national h»nnony, ar.d so engrossed the regard of the government as to make It negleat all, U it baa not, in fact, taken awav its power to act lor any of the great Industrial interests of ibe natieti. and whereas it Is obvious that political parties, t* now constituted, must nectssarily perpetuate a strife which bag ao uuhsprUy disturbed tbe peace and injured the prosperity i f ibe people, and that the only reaaouaMe bo; e o f d e l i v e r UJK t h e s o u n t r y f r o m t h e d i t a a t r o u a d l s ' r i i i i o u i n t o wb chit has fallen, is to he found in the organization of a tru'y naticnal party, wbtch .siudimsly avoidiou all sectional questions, and taking for Its platfoun the constitution, simply aLdpu'Clv. as expounded by the Supreae Court shall pro- poie no fiber end* than the preservation of our Keierai 1'nion, by a careful regard for the welfare of the people of alltheOiSTirmtx—Tour invitation lo attend the consututima) tion cf that constitution, should not now be permit great Northern heart, I shall never consent to it—never—by the God of decency and manhood, never.Fifthly—Even bad I aever held these views, I would at once bave refused to go to Wssbiogton, after reading this note that I received last night —SXl.tCT COBTHITTCE ROOM 0 . 8 SEX.tTI ) WASHINGTON, J a n 28, 186J. <JAKFS RrrrATit. Esq . Masiacbuftei.a:-MR—I am directed by Mr. Maaon, cnairman of tbe fetoeiCoarmiit'e ef tbe Senate, to say, in reply to your letter ot the 271b. winch be has handed tome, th it your appearance at Wash lngtcn atan early- day v ill be considered ss if made in obe- dience to the summons if the committee; aad ihat shouldyou rail to appear by tbe 6th February proximo, measures will b e taken to enforce the order cf th« Senate. Very reai>eo>fuliy yours, D K. MURPBy, Clark of Committee. 'It i s too late, Senator! Tbe crack o f tbe plantation whip (which resounds in the* last clause o f the note) h a s n o ter- rorfortbe menof theNorthernStates now. Theores tigc of tbe slaveholder ia broken, for it was irretrievably destroyed b y lbat historic c o w which, resolutely defying tbe mandate of tbe Virginia sentinel, at once set a good example to Northern members of Congress, and lowed in its dying groans thedirge of your Southern domination.""?raiion—when w e have,dertbespeciouspretextof"nomore sieveStates tore- partyopposedtosectionalism andonthebasisof theUnion, duce tbt ir whi.e, their free, their American inhabitants, the constitution and tbe enforcement of the lawn"tbe present soar. 1 have strenuously opposedevery doctrine and»verymeasure,whetheremanating Tomthenormorthe south,whether Inculcated bytbe disciplesofCalhoun orof reward, that partook, in Ihe slightest degree, of a ssetionalrepudiateanddamnthenegroquestion. (Loud applause untilMondaymorning,aadyetI received aovisitfrom snd laughter ) W e have been naked from every quar- any federal official, they need looking after, Senator.forhimtocommit suicide;that Itwouldanasgoodan repeat names, as they wbo gam K were iknew not what waa for hisown goad. Ha iappealed to God, and denied a n y intent to nan it on]or warden, or other than tha object ntaed; that ba svea at nam time b e l t , and rletennineil t o nan tt upon himself. whan he felt as if Hwarn tha hand of God which •toyedhim.Concluding•thin,bastated."Iknowof a a y wanna used to produce m y wife's Of thin he bagged na to believe, as, his salad most dwell on other things,nad bid on ask him, at the last moment, wben he had but nsecond toKm,andhewould repeatit Having thus spokenhaagain desired prayer. Hisconfessionofsin beforeGodwanmarkedbythepresenceoftheHolySpi-atonmwonnothitheslightestdegreeabated.Consider-laanotherquarter,Inonebreath,mencomplainingbitter- character.Ihetimehascrme,gentlemen,whenthosewho connnative.Butitisimpossnleformetoaddresssoing the capacity of the National Ball, and the wayin Sj us ta« M » » — • •»—•, — — — » —which it wan cheatedwaked o p on Saturday erasing, there couldly of these Infractions of the constitution and laws, and entertain these views, especially in the North, should spank oat large an audience, and I am compelled to conclude. T o nBonron, Feb. 1,1880. Senator MASON, Chairman Senate Brown Committee:—HKKATon—I wrote to you a few days ago that I could not gotoWashington,and why;1writetoyounowtoatate that1shallnotgo,andwhy.Yesterday Marshal Freemanmatmebyappointment, anddelivered measecond summons. Inaletterwhich hewrotetomeonSaturdayhestatesthst•ot haveraw present. anampleideaotthepurposesforwhichthemeetingwas convened—cwKOTiTrnoMALtrjnoMMovnumr.astherepublicanpaitygrewoutoftherepealoftheMis-lourletmprcmfee,aidwascomposedinagreatmeaanreof»WssandAmerJcsBS,whoJoineditundertbemomentaryex-citementcausedbythatmeasureaadtheKaneaastruggle,whenthatstruggleterminated,sseveryonemighthavefore-teenitwouldterminate,bytheexclusioncfslaveryfromthe ouscallsfor"Brown." He,begged theattentionoftbe Territory,hopeswereentertainedthat,astbesole object audienceforafewmomenta. Hebadattbeoutsetper- which lbat parly professed to have in view bad been aacom-1MSthanfrom terse tofourthousandper- Thefollowing Jothecall,whichwillgivein the very next, revengefully threaten to overthrow and destroy them entirely, without reliance on the constitution andtbelawsofoarcommon countryforthesecurityof theirrights,theirlivesandliberties.Theymadlyattempt togoootsideoftheirprotection,sndcourtdangerfortbe sakeofrepellingit Acitizenofthese UnitedStateshas actually appeared before tbeLegislatore assembledat Richmond, tosuggest means fortheprotectionortbe Uvea and property of the citizens of the various Statessnd rouse tbe country to a sense of its duties sad the dangers that threaten their violation.who have heard our platform will flock around it with an much good zeal aa the Crusaders did around the banner ofGodfrey toredeem theholysepulchre. (Applause.) LeiusallresolvetopreservetheUnion,costwhatitmay. (Applause.)Be leruf uat Mt lets has oeeiarreetm the affairs ofonrjsoun-trv, reauiAs HI good ettntons. wkbout regard to thate former sgaitnt attacks b y citizens of others. Vain effort! Most pliabed it would voluntarily disband. Why keep up tbe war formed a most ungrateful duty in announcing thai certain•esseefthegentlemensummonedbeforetheSsteet .tee of tbe baited States Senate having expressed aoorehanetoasof personal safety should they obey the summon* I n a m any rit; he abjured all merit in himself, nod plead alone thatneedlessagitation! ToSoothCarolina,thehomeofMoul- trie, of Marion, of Sumter sad of Hayne, w e say your se- curityunderthegovernmentoftheUnited Statesisthe pledge of oar safety, aad we demand jour fidelity to guardourcommon Interests. Andto Virginia,tbemo- therofStates,inthename ofPennsylvania,wesaythis night,inthewordsofoneofherown honoredandfaith-againsttheSenthwhenlbsbattlehadbeenfoughtandwon?but tbe interests of tbe leaders of the party required that theantislaveryarmyshouldbekeptonfoot,andthesectionalfeuds should continue. At itis critical juncture, too, someover zealous Southern democrats cametotheirrelief,antheyneverfailto dowhen tbeantislaveryfirebeginstoslacken.aaiffortheespecialbenefitoftherepublicanleaders,anewquestion is raised—that of nroatetion of slavery to tbe Territo-ilea ItistruetheretoneTerrltory.withinthepresentlimitsof tbe republic Where slavery cas, by any pceslbllJty, eiiat bad the stand. (Applause and renewed calls for But what of that? For purposes oi agitation an abstractionla "Brown '')asgoodasapracticalissue. Indeed,It1s*better.fortbeIssue Mr.Gturton then stated that beonlyrosetoexpress must from tbe nature of things, be temporary, andthe ab tbe profound regret of the Committe of ArrangementsfoereceivedaletterfromtheHon.J.MMason,Chairman,stating that they may be nostttvely assured thst ear isterferenee with themwinnomannertobeapprehended Wereittobe- itwouldbepunlahahleasanaifronttothe Senate.HethenWill you, on receiptof thin, pHass Inform me if you Intend toobeythesummoes,that1mayinformMr.Mason;To this note I replied an follows:—116 WASBISCTOH fcraiav. Bosron. Jan 90—11 A. V . MARSHAL—Ireceived ycurletterofPaturdajlastnight,and ha<e jnst arrived In town to attend to tt. Your totterrighteooaneanwhichisofChristfor tbe first time since thepacta!dsvetopement onMon day we realised a marked change intheniaa Nodispo- sitiontodwellontbetrial,tba peculiar and mysterious circumstiuicea of which he had continually spoken be fore,orthethousand things rumorbadascribedtohim. or that peculiar argumentative etispoaatioa which had painfully to us prevailed with him.expected lo sddreae the masOng. Thiscallwansignedbyoversixhundrednames TheHallwasverybrilliantly lighted andanexcellenthand of maato stationed oh the platform played a number ef national sirs daring the evening.Themeeting having been called toorderIntheusua;form Mr.JohnS.Uttellwon appointedPresidentbyan dialanswer. YouarenotaborderState;yonshallnever speakeroftbeHouse,amansoextremeinhisopinionsthatno cameupontheplatform,and wasgreeted with enthusi-eternalam.The following are the names of the other officers of themeeting—as tier from your proximity to a s , from your confidence in Soutiein member could vrre for him consistently with respect oarbootstysndoarpatriotism. Yourinterestsandyour forhimselfandhisconstituents. Felledinthisattemptbytbe intervention cf a few pat?kite Northern member*, they are sow striving to aceommpllsh an object still more dangerous, bymeansstillmoreobjectionable,viz.:ToelectaCbi»fMagis- trate of the. republic am sectional grounds and by a sectionalastic cheersHON. J^t OB BKOWK—My fellow citizens: I bad not expeeled tbe honor of appearing before you this evening, anditisonlyindeferencetoyouremphatically expre*xei d< i ire that I appear before y o u n o w . Rsgpr-ctlog tills movement:myheartisiniberight place—(applause)—a Wain,WwC.Blddle,tdw.G.Dutllh,Alex Wildts,8. W. Do Cooruey, Ed. P Borden, Then. T. Tanker. Dr. J. A. Bacon. Henry Lsaghhn. Shmi. E Etgleton, S. K B ugle,lawsconducivetothisresult;which shall securetothe legielati, e, tbe executive, snd the Judicial departments of our government protection from all attempts to ondar-w h i c h t o s t a n d . ( A p p l a u s e ) I n e e d s c a r c e l y r e f e r t o ou political record to show that for tbe last sixteen years Ihave pursued but one course,and that hasbeena1he rencetotbeUnion,Iheconstitution,andtheenforcementNow. if ib»re wss noising ob<ectionable in Ibe principles of of the laws. (Applause, and "Three cheers for Mr.First—becarse the commi'tee of wbich you are chairman is an inquisitorial aad unconstitutional body. Hav-ing once sworn to support the onswiution (as I under-stand i t ) , I cannot innocently obey a n uuconstitutionalcommandtovio'ateItaprovisions, fhis,myfirstobjec- be forgotten by tho#» who passed their watchEPHoliness.A.B.CooSsy.Joo.BRobinson,GeorgeC. mtnetheirIndependtnceandtodestroytheirintegrity; Presbury. Or. M- A . Neaeley, Dan. Hoddoek, William A. an organization which will repress all inroads en thetiontoobeytogyoursummons,hasb-*nmadebrMr.TbaOdtusHyatt,andIfullyconcurintbepositionbehasthat njiht either ej*a than those used to weeping can rx-srtestimonyu>tbeearnest,simple,pleadingsup plications that we trust »ere beard in heaven The bouseDrown,ChanDFreeman,P.JenksSmitli,PeterSoiger, Jtx>Pry,K.Roberts,DemiFount,Wm.Smitbers.thepartymakingtheselection,orintheeharaeierofthaIndi-vidualselected,themodeofnominationwould,ofitself,besuOcient to render btm justly obnoxious to those States whosanctity of our Supreme Court, and enforcement of oar were purpotely excluded from all share in ha appointment. have a heart to maintain it. (Applause.) WhatAcrtterits—David C. MoCamrnoo, William D. Potts, E l •BundC Peacben,E HarperJeffries.JosephP Tobias,J.laws,whethertheydirecttberendition offugitiveslaves Htdyard Hodge, Howard J. Adams, tJeorge M. Saogram, or the corkction of revenue. This is onr one glorious aim, DavidKKltla,CbarleaHMorgan anduponuswilldependitsnoble,magnificentconsum- The Psawranrr then canto forward and addressed the mation. Defamation, ridicule, corruption will all be ex- erted to accomplish our dmorganixation, but in oar fideli-Butwben inadditiontotiifs,theelection wouldbemadebya has brought us together on this occasion? (A party whose vital prlncip es is hostile to tbe rights, the tnte- v<•'<•(—' Niggers " Laughter) It is net a meretionsismyprivatepersonalproperty,amiisofveryonesidcrable pecuniary value, vt'n.t 1have written respect-ing him already baa very materially aided tbe widows at«/tuLedintbrutiegavenotokenofhamadb-*e.From tbit menient b. avea aeemed open u> Mm. Hiskngingrazewaseverinwardaswepacedwithhimthe e-.irnoo; his rxpressuna of anxiety to be at home, "tothrough the Committee of Arrangement, that I should becalledtopresideoverthe1patrioticdeliberationsofthis allegiance.Whenaforeignambassadorwaiteduponmode of electing a Chief Magistrate of tbe Union ti compatible (Applause.) There bat been exhibited of late an intense withthelongeiltierceoftheUn'on-Inordertoanswerthis desireontbepartofthefanaticalportionoftheNorthto question,supposeIbeSouthern Statesbadaslargeamajority forceuponthisnationtbesettlementofaquestionofoon-many«ryoninramendeavors,forthehonorandprospurest of our fellow citiiehs, in a time of unexampled exciter*ent, in themidst of the reahziUqn ofall the evils consequent upon the stupendous fraud that defeated the strong txpreaanoa of nation«J preference, from among the honored graven of some who were among the fathers and found*rsofthe"Great Republic"—frommyhome ata crad le spot o f our cherttbed liberties—upou soil made richMr. Lathrop then introduced Mr.HSNRI Ds-mox, the popular sirgtr, to the audience, and informed tbem that that gentlemen would delight them with one of their pa- triotic airs. Mr. Drayton then sung the ' Star Spangled Banner" rn a most pathetic and affecting style, and amid such general enthusiasm a s 18 scarcely ever witnessed. The [*ople yelled and threw up their hats IS the utmost exaltation, and ss the last strains of the beautiful song were dying away on the ear, they sent up three vocife- rouscheersforDraytonandthreefortheUnion.sutdr If. instead of joining either of the parties to this see tional strife, shewould act as a friendly mediator between them, ibe would acquire tie gratitude of both.I Bonn.an to tbe Presidential, chair. (Applause). The entire cojclrv, North and South, has become sickened and disgusted with this constant agitation of tbe slavery question, and while wc meet here to condemn tbe fanatics if the North, who would bring roin and devastation on our country,#ve come, also, to express in jast as loud and deep toned rebuke that ultra fanaticism of the South,and memorable by the shedding of their blood—not only for the purpose inJicited §y my distinguished appoint- ment buttoremindyewthattheclaimsofpatriotismareFourthly—I associate with gentlemen when at home, sndtrytoregulntemyconduct bythe rulesofpoliteso ciely; those lules and every instinct of manhood forbidvention, of the powers and obligations of our NationalYet this abstraction, practically unimportant ss It is, andnouncrd, and their gratification at the manner in which I have not been legally summoned. I received last about 4 P. M. At this time we toft him with Rev.Mr.achievement* were far beyond!those of a hundred vulgarberot s ot the battle Held. and to remember, also, that themost precious legacy bequeathes to us, for us, and for ourchildren, was the glorious liberty establiibed by our fore-father*, as illustrated and defended by the matchlessstatesmanship of Clay, Webster and Jackson. (Applause).We can never agate rally with their inspiring names as our the several counties towtships and villages of the State take a letter was announced from a deceased statesman, with- (Applause.) This is our Unton,snd not only ours,but watchword. Tbe illustrious memories of these great rivalsF.W.GmJk'tOy.,otthetrendmpJournal, thencame for- ward andsaid —Fellow citizens —(calls for Fillmore, FU-to attend a public meeting in that city on the Slat Inat 1 moat sit.cs.ielvwirhthatitwasir.mypowertoattendthatmeet tag That gr at central cly to not o&ly full of theTbe PRSSTOEXT then announced that no'ioe would beBOKTOS, Feb. 4, 1860. Mr. Jamee Redpath has resolved not to respond to the summons to appear before tbeHarper's Ferry Investi-sionwouldhelismsvoasnhk*tonorowawelfare,tot&ewelfare of our children, aad to nil onr successors upont&issoil,sad t>thebenttnaarestnofmankindtothjdoesoftime,andwoaWdeligethelandwithfraternalblood, eaiuew>ilmakeyoutriumphant(applause.)Oodapeedyou. ofttewholecountry Wecameheretonightafternear Januaiy,18*30,sodthejurycensureRoot.Hartley,the the laevitahle nsult of anarchy and of divided hearts. and your couatrv speed you Ifyou can succeed without as six years' struggle with sectional prejudices and feelings brakemsn, for not obeying tbeorder of Mr.Simpson theI*tnomdiscretooo,nodarsMrtlajsafomm,nmteoit easy «ooureuecessorstofallintothisroadtoinevitableruin. we have fallen opoa tinsen of extraordinary dangers; are "l>0^-'*y Ttri» °C ravolnttoa, whs» satsiaa » arrayed in angriestboaumyagamatteetien,inthisdtyoft&eD--wery asm froaa whssh wW llratprooialsaed "liberty *l*l>*.»«*'«Npeopk''--fortheparloyalMbaMsessatoths Thefarmorebitter than agitated them. Wecame here toanabidingdovotsxttotha "•nhfthatJjeclnmtwn,andera eaxthWeHenry Clay, aad t •Mrvd whilst M sTba nighttbenadaVAsd dbjtoyaftyiMUh theshadow ot IWfhMMjl *esswtea ,«r •rauert sadfeflasr - Mew Tort aadby pceer ef lith(.no e 2 S S a . ^ ' " *r I•niefs the mystery which enshrouds the case b•mtbe citizens will rise m matte agninat the Order. W nregret exceedingly that such an unfortunate occurrencehas tianrptred.aa it will work infinite mischief to the mile s northwest of sTabenila. Lower ©rderlflfopernesjal^sjhl not r^efonnd. W e are san- Constellation-, after a twelve bourn' «ZT,*f the of the nIHmrty.ofoftha-hall we go? Surely not with the that also, byitspast course and banpisceditselfinn srrttonal<. Snacguratkn of this monument,ow lo yield their ground and come into, , i W,rtn te 1!rffl!lS!!I!i!!^ »» sosjnww*BW,ajidatwillbefoundthathitdisappearancehadnotthermanias!ajourneytojourcitymtideinclementweather. Tourgoodatotai.eefrcrnabroaditwillbeallthetetter It«ulhavemore effectabroad.Havetbehonorofdoingalltheworkyourselves. Thereisamightypoweringoodacause.Screwyourselves ay mile sucking point and you will not fad. (Applause1 1 am,very respectfully, jours, Ac.JOHMJ.CSITT1FDBK. Three cheers were given for Mr Crittenden.conductor,andcotcarr>ing outthe rulesof tneroad" peceaiedwsssixtyyearsofage,andanntlveofthe United States.MTSTERIOCSDISAPPEARANCE—ANOTHERMOSOAK •nd look bis fellow man In the face and call AirAiR, POHAPS—Everybody, says the Sandusky.COhio.Bosrow,Feb1,196U UtXTLiMix-IreceivedyearfeverofJanuarytutlast evtning,act;uaipt'sgmewiththeformationof"TheConsUtu- of Da warn expound uoseJ Union aaaocssston." aad inviting meto 'bemass meetingof thecountry,av??5?L's^ornel ^We Mwt raly o acritical eharaeier vt the two great parties watch now dividethe eoaaary. tha repubVaaa Is of unussahj purely sectional.failed to furfill Jbeir expectation they are now destroying ce of the mode of initiation, signs, secrete and m rs- Meyer, and damaged about $160; insured. This building cf tSO.OCC); tenured tor about $2,000 (uarUad if $12,000.)irrssaal-haveISOnnl I,whilehere,th*Hall,we. with those of t, Kentucky, one JrfwfontMn Jactsooianaid snd ccunteBsnce to Southern exteetrnsts, who are can- ^pir^n^?*.»usr.rt nrit Htt^LS* »«glslntnreof thecountry to ennrtVeode whkh shall carry the institut.cn of slavery into ternary,A ¥£/M , .y.A £•**•» »toABunsYfm—AM l rigged Spanish looking brig nrrived at o w quarantine groundyesterdaymorningInehnrgnofLieut.BobertM. McArsnc, Midshipmen Norman H. Fhrquhar, ten seamen aad marines of the United Skates ship ru«Tlrltat1nn The prixe was taken am the 21st of Decerntime thedisplayed no colern andon boarding hernopa- perswerefennd. From what canbe learned fromthe railing master, sheistbe Spanish brig Dehda, built m Bar celona some twenty five years ago. S h e Bailed f r fegnalaGrande,tetheIslandofCuba,In last,andkeptwellnorth Ingoingtotbecoast beenhoveringnearthelandforsome time whentake^ J ^ L T X J ^ t ^ , ^ caititin orT*° ^ cargo wan ashore, and herslave deck, boiler forh*. Ac , were in place ready for immediate «tad, whentaken,acrewofthirteenmeatandtwo ahofwhomappeartobeSpaniards Thetdaceej on hoard the Constellation, but tbe two officers bsve arrived here intbebrig. Aa sheis anold vessel w i t h n o m o n e y o n h e a r d , t b e p r i s e w i l l n o t p ' o v e v e r v.of'alpetition. Cananynationalmansidewiththatrjartv thus fancucniBg interference by leglshtiton for i ^ t S f f iAfTbe *xpt*e wasconsidered a good joke, gotun bvaome wag toamuse the Bona,and wan laughed over by not n lew. It, however, assumed a serious aspect when it w a s discovered that one Curtis waa the anthorand that h e h a d tuocenly and mvsteriooalv dtaappeared pointedatoncetotheSonsofMalta,andItiiiront building waa not injured.The Urnsad tha democratic by the force of isri aetataauai is rapid•a the Oaasa. The § aboutbe*emadsSefTsV^iteL***??*-"•,bnw*!*tomyjid«meat,torerT O M I E ^ftP"-" * * equally vale, aadaea^h>>a:s^.yyt^£*iiff-w*e*.»eagreatmediating moreUaalylaValtobilsi^TSff?*!*-.«oonecanthink it B iteare «* ibe West, over thet a ,tie meet n>i|t ifieest * anetiowofVfasedssaby provide*eentecunrgtbenominationofnaBrians!man.whowill iMainthesupporteflitewholeceoutry,Southanwellan North;foribevoteofNewJerseyandPennaylTaniaIi requisite to tbe success of thin candidate, and though they might carry every other Northern State, they must r• bin they erne lo the borders of Pennsylvania.S^gmS?"*"**•*"BVpjenrBSBiro*"* • * • * new apportionment of „ withtheabove,'otakeeffectinism.But I do not ses how the West m »v Ba—, > _ _tore -f the t rk*> when ate twwaro7t asenta->dT2T?Bt * ">•>applause ) W e cense here to night not to aid the,884,967.The lam Legislaturefbo preasrvwd " ( A p) wm. snopeopio.have sntopted n cocnftutioi, eneperaedscamsteaebother,mattbevwtnT•**IS?*?—*' crats,notwewouldinfluencethembyensaction,If*samBInnssismd Weharerireefdlaws,aui they ahall be e-beyed We has* cesaisiud. a Oatosi, asxt i s h a l l b e M \ s e r v e d , w w t a f p e r a » n o p a f t ^ a oorpwefadrgaadearrvanjronahaa ttbetleeeefed a a spoetacsfrom ot e end at the Xfrfm to ft* c frownsible,topresentanationalmenatCharleston. We«e the democracv, stand still, face sbout We come to in aigurate a movement thatshallshow ourSouthern breth t e n t h a t , n o t w i t b e t a n d i B g t h e e f b r t n o f s e t f l s h d e n m "••ptopleoftheNorthdonotintendtocutUteiiThomas M. Tryniski 309 South 4th Street Fulton New York 13069rinmnm m j n r s o f h i amn'I neved four othersWine, during the last tw o p a r d o n e d o n e h u mn d d r e d a n d s J x -r e g a r d b o j w e c w P e r m a a d f to aaaaipjst onr mantttrirn nad to'inbotkthepunishmentoftwelvenad valuable Shewillbeplacediathehandsoftharnited antes Marshal -CAorlc^n Jfcmry, iVo. Xthe latter, ates. to not an. Ibars aeha-e f t h ^ r ^ b r nithe eaiastt .. *f such aa e«ent, 1Itenrtto H BaretorT and lady. Mrs Bright and twoand Mre Alexander ariim«itf"n'oec. tows Moore Miss Sanderson WasW.Wh.MrsWalak WmAoan aadtody.MrJaJtea.mwij and child: MO Fates. B B Hook, I M Laxarua. J UeJUe, Mr Ikomhe.neV M argue io. J J D e Muast. Mr Tertletet, i C Crcaear. O J Brooks. R a Kmjrtae, W H Ouicahiss FUrtburger, f> 9 Wmpsce, J Paddock^ A tonMr fe*MramaseV Re* «~m ex. Peel BcaeaeL P C IPtond,MreVGoer.MrDafame. » PorssVJd.GJ deJohn A Marshal, M r Barrwoa, H Ttee-peotrHtteraoa,11J:WB'King. T otals!.deeds of a few extremkrhi and tbe mem of * eIn vtewof theweighty an^eaon n£ the yom»f anew of the -Iromulgsied by the enunciated In Washington's Farewellto stand by the Unto* now nad "m Minwr. of PhUndelphm, (Into of Kentncky) won then introdneed. followed by tare* cheers Por Kentucky. Heconsideredthistheuprisingofthemosses afthedtyof Philadelphia,ledoabyanpoliticalhack,fortan pur Mof gtvtog expression of the nrarttnsonto of theconelement. He wan no politician new pottslsal He wouldplucknosinglefeatherfromtan eagle,forthedemocracyhad pluckedtanpoorTBB« Semate Harper's Ferry Committee. THK RKFTSAX OP iAJOS MEDPATH TO 0 0 TO WASH-UW1—.hULMB, Mam., Jan. ST, 1M0.lbSenatorMAton,OisirmanofSenate Brown Sniuron—On m y return to m y borne here thisIfoundapaper,purportingtohea summons,< yournameappears,andbywhichIamrequired tobeat Washington day before yeaterday.Asth*"impoaoibte,'aooordingtoan" land moral teacher, Theodore Parker,laTame tasnt H o a r s w i t h J sTO TBS ID1T0B Or THI "a*MrIn eswptssnos with taw rnnjanatofbens, wn h a m felt K our slaty to ethers thus early mastatsmsntinbrief ofthetestboarsofhaale set apart to andss'isi to gethaam ,nodtorwhatobject,enspistold*. In thin onthatdaywewerethwart-On Thnmdny, by mdirectedtobisiof eonma, every effort so land htanto <the murder of bis wife, IT guilty. Hat Bind was aa- tirelydifferent from anything wnhadmaniabsmThatSnercssa Court W e will allow rasVeto Aeeeewtiintlen, set, Indeed, a n n jtoIM ahoyWeaba)!b!oldourFederalbllty rfbebieasaesataartIn theeiHae of their nola._ t:ailegaiattonintendedtocosapfosuieothemterestsoftte prannntmembersofonrgreat tinsdadsrstlim,ortonsoold she oonetrtsUons and to curtail the ssfesnsmtrven east uber- Oan af those to come. These declarations are no meaning810whichwhat laws ahall u d disregarded. toastrict accounta-or aavajeen* crv* We Willitolerate sofriendly co ooei toleratioesnd Iforbearsnsa,aB_bard bare. (Laughter) He would any nothing about I write you tostate that I have not the power to obey it,UnlfBbrokenup,ikesetteonstftution,• tha .todtbe Star Spangled Banner, for that andasIcannottanbackthebandsoftheeloatoftime,even ifdwposedsotodo,whichIamMtThissummons.my formonthspantI regret eiceedwg that pressing engagements here, prepara- torytobyearlydepartureforNewOrleans,preventmyae- oeplssce of your Invitation.^^T-?A*»I)sihas, their otisens. frcrn yteMtag ohodiemse^to optional in every part ot the countryenncVmenbi,InsUllfreshInomrr"»U«^*!»*^5 Mr.GnArtcnthenstntedthathehadamooteloquent weinthatquestion*Ibequestionwandebateableonly boundtorespect. AmIboundtorecogniseherrighttoia at least one respect, to a condition of servitude, wehaveneverforgotten,andweneverwill forget. NorIstha all. Exasperated by these and by similar ofletoes, ft a hardly necessary for me to assure you of my entire ap- at every cost." (Applause.) W e ask for no fioMtical prolonged absence from home. JAMB* REDPATH. withperceptionobscured bypassion andjudgmentsdis- provalofyourpatriotiamovementand mysincerewastesfor lender. Philadelphiamnotaotostastorequireany. We orderedbyprejudice,andwithtotalandmostnegligenttsiBceess.Frcmtherommeneementofmypolitics1lifetodon'tgotormen,butforntoesurea.WheneverwafindaOangrets,wereplythsttheheroofSanJaiintohasjust which,whetherimportanternot.Itisworsethanfutile—*le theaudiencebaibornethedisappointment.InallhisIhursdayasummonstobeatWashingtonontheGamp.At half past eleven o'clock P . M. w e returnee!, andfound him anting in the corridor by tha stove, and upon our entrance expressed tbe moat unfeigned joy He aad be bad been reading ana r. Heeling upon the moment wben the softer tag Jesus, in 6+thsemene, with soul Borrowing unto oeatb, icokitg upon the sleepy chosen ones, asked, "What, could ye notwatch with me one hour?' Beexpressedtbelonelyanguishofhas»uiinhitterweep ir.gr, butsewo charged to a subject of jnv, trow thai he knew wewerenottobeseparatednomoreui.tnhalfpast nine o'clock A . al.Alterreadingportionsoftbewo-rjofdelselected from tbe s* v. Liy first and thi t\ seventh Psalms, be desired to returntoibecellandj>ouroutoursouMinprayer. Itwaa afcf.er.ri, at that mi.ir.ii,ni bour, io that fearful place, and unoer those awful circumstance*, that will neverwonhisproudestvictory—(applause)—and tooarfellow nlivelymacbievoiistodisease,untilitanecessarytodecide itbe only point of difference between tbe Norm and the citixcns of Mary and, noble Maryland, who, yesterday, Sbuih; the on>y pretext tne republican party can find for con-c<mpromi-eherpositionIntheheartoftheircountryand tbeiouib. )ettomaintainthisattitudeaadtheorganization, NoImmediateresponsebeingmadetothecall,itwas willeiuerstartforWaahtngtonthiseveningcrnoufyyouefsembly which deported itself with equal patriotic deco- with lofty dignity and patriotic indignation, sefused to tinuing a sectional organization, and an attitude of hostttar te rum. (Applause and loud calls for Brown.)theircountrymen,wesendtonightour promptand cor- ibevhavepersisted,fortwomonths,toendeavoringtoelectaa proposed toadjourn. Inamoment more,however,bemy Intention JAJUtd evEi.P ATH.This note brought Marshal Freeman to the office to de sirea personal interview,wti-h Igrantedforthepur- pose of receiving tbe summons.I therefore waive tbe legal objection as to the serving of the summons, acknowledge that 1 have received one ID t'uie to obey it, but refute most positively to pay it anymannerofrespect IsbailnotgotoWasbmgVm:borders shall be safe so long an you leave with Penn- sylvania theconstitutional powertoprotectthem. (Ap- plause ) W e have assembled thin evening to formrightsofStatesaadTerritoriesbytbeacts ofdema- goguesortbearmsotmaime,n;whichwillsecuretheRrown") ThoughintbeformationofthatconstitutionI of couise had no hand, yet, by the living God. Iassumed. tSecondly—My knowledge of John Brown snd bis inten- of the if Ion w ss IJUit as ibe boose af death, an! even theie#ts,andtheitsntutionsoftbeproscitiedt-tateg,tbeeaseas-sumes a still graver asd more po»teutious aspect It a not forme to say wtat would be ibe immediate consequence of snchsn event It Is not for me to predi.it what course my own Tbe Union is pronounced by eminent and patriotic ty to the constitution and its laws, on onr love for the Stair, much less wtat tbe other Knitters States might pursue, men to be imminent peril This meeting in Philadelphia,Union,sndthatofoarenlightenedfellowcitlxenn—North, tosnchaconiipgencv. ButIputthequestiontovou,asnttimeeting ss follows —MTKSIAOWCmsana—IWill notattemptanexpressionofmyprofoundsporeciatienofthehonoryouhavedonente by thm cordial ratitkation ot the proposition, made ence depends W e must not alienate one heart from its stitutional hbertv en tba continent Do you believe that this that the spirit still exists that will maintain their power."crime of slavery wbich is destined to sweep itspeedilyInto(betombcr*annihilated barbarisms You bsve norightto compel metogive youmy property without paying meforIt.which Inonot seethat youpro- poeetoco;and,ifyoudad,Iwouldno:sellit toyou,for by so doing I believe that ( would daooage tbe cause.Ing (or God, ' "yea, tor the living G«1 " We srerc astotieLed:badswro«luHyjourneyedtoUMpiece,ex- pecting soul agmy as we should attempt to give bim conso- lu-iot Buthisfrsmeofmmdwasfarbeyondours forbe wss already enjoying that grace promised sufficient for him. B«- endeavored to comfort us—begged us to tie satiatei when God bat thus poured out the rich metns of bis grace. Be sang joyously. "Bock of Mies," "Jesus. Lover of m y Soul," "Hesven is m y Home," many times—South,EastandWest—forweknowthemall—itsexist- zensofthatcitywhichmaybesaidtobethebirthplaceofcan whereibelibertiesofmankindbadtheir birth,showsraatandmoatrespectableassemblsge MyheartisOiled the Spartan Senate with a declarhtion of war,hewitn <ro<>t <os which may not, from its depths, well up expreteed surprise at the unprepared condition of in the Blectoral College as ibe Northern State* now have, and stitntlora) construction—a question which can only be m words < f just and adequate acknowlodgosent. I can the city. "Sparta has no walks." He was conducted that a party avowedlv hostile to tbe Northern States—a party decided by the judiciary of the country. (Applause.)Thirdly—I d o not believe that eitber m y life o r liberty would besafe were 1to goto Washington. I do not reoi.lvtajthai1willdmchargemydutynowwithallthe byaSenator totheopengroundoutsidothecity,and whichsoughttointerfereintheirdomesticaffairs,toatlrup Asectionalpartybaabeenfound,whichseekstoplaceaability in m y power and with the just pride of American shown the ong and steady lues of Spartan heroes with revolution and civil war among then* citizens existed in the sectional m sn in the Presidential chair. We all know the fer to any mob violence, but to le <al pro -.ess only. My spoke of many friends—touched for a mo-jnent on hiscitiseoehip (Applause.) lootherdays,in theHushof youthful boperaUM'fls,withalltheenergy, ardor,anden- thiip a.'m of an ardent natale, I stood side by side withthe words, " Behold our ramparts." W e have been told that beUnioniswithoutsafe guards,thatthepeopleof the Keystone Slate are unfaithful to their constitutional obligations. ButoarfellowcitizensfromotherStateswhoSouthern ftates, and bad obtained efnlroJ of their govern niinte Supposethatthatpartysoughttoobtainpoasrsainnof •beGeneral governmenttoorderastheybelieved to employ its powers for rbe destruction of tbe Northern ftates, and that inpursuanceofthisobject,tbeSouthernStatesbadcombinedfi'Tdt whichspreadthroughtheNorthern Statesintbe lastPresidentialcontest,whenan attempt was made to elevate John C Fremont to tbe Presidency. (A few hisses. J-friend, Mr. Stephens, is Lot yet tried. By appearing at Washington, I would put myself in the power of the Presi- dent snd ot Virginia; for a requisition irom tbe Governor of Virginia lo the President ot the I'ntted States would at*' le'sid Borne,'' and ofiVred a soul cheering tribute to a fatt.tr "a love a n d careful training. H e »|ioke m em silielioiialely of theG«v<rnor, Mr.Morgan,and trusted God would reveal to him bis innocence'—of J i ige Boose- veil, and begged that w e would aay his lying prayer should bear testimony before God of his freedon fromItwssthenthatthecosservatveelementsoftbecountry,per sty and glory of our country, to elect a successor of are with us to night, when they leave their friends here to deprive the Northern States of all ab>re In Ihe Federal North and South, were rallied, and 800.000 votes were once be benored. Were I required to appear at Charles-andshallreturntothose nearertotheirownhomes,and are asked by them, does, Pennsylvania support the consti- tution - this scene shall rise before them, and they willcovernmrnt,howlorgwouldthelattersubmittosuchapea castforthateminentpatilot,MillardFillmore. (Loudand townasawitnets,youwellknow,Senator,what tbereWashingtonintbepersonofthat manwho'-wasnotofan age. butloralltune,'' Whose glorious and soul inspi-ring name will descend the stream of -'alltime" in theconuuivK'ed halo that has rendered illustrious and im answer, the bulwarks of the Union are the bosoms af her cortlder aa unjust or oppressive; or wi't she contraate in that phecy, tbto Mate will, under tbe name of the constitntiooalm / u . the names of t|e sages of Vernon and of Ashland. I sons (Loud applause ) come to yon now al the kmdiy bidding of some of theSouth a course which, tfadopted towards ber. ahe would justly still exists, and if I may be permitted to venture a pro- paili of moderation and patriotism which she has hitherto pur party, vindicate itself and elevate a constitutional andavow, under oath, that tbey participated in tbe col i hooded murder of a prisoner, unarmed, and wben not one solitary voice in tbe Commonwealth is raised in de- nucciaiion of the cowardly crime, it would be foolbardy, I think, an) very unwise, for any anti slavery man to voluntarily put bimtelf in the power of such a people. You do not promise to protect m e from going to Vu* ginin, snd I will not "walk into your parlor," Mr Masondswr amounted to almost impatience. B e betrged u s with tears in bis eyes to bave a mawtoniry app.noted exclu sively for the Tombs. He pleaded that wben (be last sad officewssdone forhimwewouldvisitSbepard,Sanchez, Quimbo Appo, and, indeed, all la prison. Bis earnest pleading for labor to other souls w a s indicative of that unselfishness wbtch marks the "new born." AS ibe hour spproacbed, te lowly humility be pleaded lo God for ttrtrgtb. He wished a stone at bis grave, and requested us to select a verse of Scripture, so lbat his tomb might preach Christ. Toward tbe moment of preparation, amid tbe frequent entreaties of friends that Le would confess, his mind was somewhat disturbed, butberetained biscomreaureandcheeiioineaa. Whenbe sheriff led him forth, ss be made the rapid naaange fromibecelltothegallows,herepeated:"Tntetonought 'one: Iamgoingborne." Atthemomentbeforedeath 1eanswered thequestion proponed,"Iaminnocentpfthe < eath, or of any kaowleige concerning the death, of my wile by poison." This waa aa be bad promised—and better, "What is your platform*" Our platform ia "the Union,theconstitution,andtbeenforcementofthetownNow,whatmustIdot Pleaseletmeknowbyreturnmail, as I have urgent business which requires m y speedy andMr.GHAVI-OI*reappearedontheplatformamidnumer-distinguishedpatriotswhowereexpectedherehadnotTbe PMSIPBIT here came forward, hut the calls for Brownwererepeated. Afteralittlewhile he succeeded inobtainingquiet,andmadeanappealtitheaudienceto keeporderandlistenpatientlytothegcDtlemanwhonowexperience ofpublic meetingshehadneverseenanas-preceding Teesday,and atnoother time. WhenIam legally sunmereed to appear. 1 shall then, and promptly, in- form you of my Intentions. If you wul leave a reply at m y publisbtra (Messrs. Thayer A Kldrldge) before two P. St., Iwild outburst of popular feelinr—not a madim pnlsr—but a spontaneous throb of the American heart.North Llba, and thereby, 1 hop*, encouraged in tbe freeSlates that earnest spirit of aggression against tbe deell nitli Christ. ' were approximate to Ikvi-i's "thirstreeding) suit would be: I would be murdtred by the rn-ii. WhenWill I'enrsylvacia adopt towards ber sister States of the long continued applause ) That name conservative spirit the gentlemen of a State bbsstingly and unblusbingly malice, and be bore this testimony. Hi-aox•• 'y for leyWill t i e people's party belle their name and loin a secti -nalorganization:' Will they maintain thelr.present lofty attitudeefindependence, er will they descend from it, throw themselvesinto the arms of the republican party and be strang'ed u> UsUeacherous embrace* I truat that a prouder ceatiny await it,and that it will foim a nucleus around which a great nationalpary may gather, whkh, unfurling thebroad flag of tbe Union, *bicb has sought to control the locofoco party for the lastW.11 cell upon Its fi lends, from cneend of tbe ouuey to tan r'gbt years. (Loud applause). W e are sick o f both, and me to recognise the right of any negro catcher to cate- i tl.i r, to rally lor Its protection. (Applause ) to this fscaticism We must attribute tbe imjieDd-CM.CONAan. ing peril To the effects or the ultra republi chiseme,SenatorMason. Iwoullnoti>ollutemylipsby r«r uiflKT than the claims ofparty: and that tbe exigeooe CHAS. f> i'Rjomajt then presented the resolutions. He The following letter was then read from tbe HOD. Mil- can I'oclr-ces we attribute the raid of old speaking to you. I hold tbe author of tbeoftbetimederr,*n>1»ttun•^oriSak,,Mtbainsultedandfprefacedthemwithafewremarksinrelationtothepre-violatedaltarofourcoontry^ofeverytieofassociation, sentsectionalstrife. Theeyesoftheworldwereuponus. howsoever strong, in her tjxtricntjon from present dis- | ThecrumblingthronesofOlderPowers breathed-new life grace, and from uu|>oc»Jiog ruin. I call upon you in tbo in witnessing these signs of onr internal weakness. For fervi nt, burning trorusbf the noblest statesman the" ever this condition of things the democratic and republican par-ties were both responsible. H e called upon conservative bhssed, by a life ot illustrious service, an nnrequiung men lo raise their voices in an Indignant cry that wouldand ungrateful c uat/y, addressed from the highplace Le adorned at the Capitol, to '-Senators to echo through the land, and make their determinationWhereas, a large number, if not indeed a large majority i f gotdandioyalcitizens.Inallpartsofletsland,ae«within" creasing concern, lbat a cr sis exia'a in the po iucs ot theo u n try wbioh may well arrest the auen'ion of the meat indilicrent- and alarm tie fears of tbe most hopeful patriot; and wheireas It a believed, that the endless protraction of an intensely sec- toral coniroversy is the sole oiuie which has arrayed one halflardFillmore:—Bcrriio,Feb.1.IS*). T urletterofthe3fihult,InvitingwetoattendsroeetlosoJohn BiownatHarper'sFerry.(Applause).Itmay bethatexpressions suchasthese maybedistastefulto some who have sought to bring tbequestion of negroFugitiveSlavelawInasInfiniteabnorreDceasIninfinite reverenceIcherishthem*moryofitsmostheroicassail- ant,JohnBrown. Youmistakethe North,Senator,judg- ingitfrcmsemeofits politicalrepresentatives ThefreetbeConstuerionalUDionAssoclationontheithmet,has•hi«mo-ment came tohand, snd I hasten to express my regret thst it le by the judiciary of tbe country. There is where It States would, indeed, be "servile States," as you Insolent-political consideration. l a m h'ghiy gratified to learn bribecall arc, rapacying ycur invitation, that tbe ci.Ueus of Phila-delphia are aroused to Ibe Impcrlanc* of the formation of apany having the accomplishment of these great objects for lispurpose. Tbe city of Philadelphia has Invariably manifested cheses. (Sensation.) The speaker here adverted to the a steadfast and unwavlng attaciment to lhnee principles wbivb. .'election of tbe treason of Arnold, as an illustration of you propose to establish axd inaugurate aa the policy of ihe the providence wbich watched over the establishment of general government, from ihe signs of tbe ilmea, I feel con our liberties I believe w e are protected from on high, tiden: that weare approaching the commencement ot a newera incur political ni'tory, and tb«t the Union party move-ment, a" conspicuously begun, will culminate in Ibe electionto the neit Presidency of a national conservative statcinian fathers to establish this Union still presides over and in the salvation cf our beloved country from tbe perl!* the destinies of their sons. (Applause.) Dis.with the conciliatory spirit and intention of I s founders, there- which fiiow weaken ita. Influence ion ibe people and laaeuace solve this Union* W h y , it is another ark offore.Fesolved, That we, wbo have here assembled, in sympathyits very existence Deeply regretting that I am unable to at ' tend the Union meebog in Philadelphia, rn the 4th inat, 1 am. Ac, GEORGE BRIQC.3.the covenanto( God with a free people. It is like tbe bow to Ihe clouds reflecting the glory of God and the promises of God to all mankind. This Union cannot be dissolved— (A Voice, "No, never")—and if there were any danger, you, m y fellow citizens and patriots, would never allow it.with tbe aeetlmenla and purposes .of the call convening this meeting, do hereby organize ourselves a political oarty, which shall beatvltd and known sa the 'Constitutional Union Asso elation of Phlladclptia," and recommend that the people ofLetters were read from the Hon. John M. Botts, E i K Price, of Philadelphia, and Krastus Brooks; and last of allpul*atL>ns—"the Vuion now and forever ' (Applause).Thechartofourdutyisspreadbeforeus.Wemore,)—thetaskwhichIamabouttoperformisamostfriendsoftbeconstitution,butfullalsoofreool givenIhronghtbepressoftheplaceoftheheadquartersgatingCommitteeatWashington.To-dayhetonforwi,u!dcemetoNewYork;buttbeyrefosed.onthehave come to rescue front miscreant bands tbe ungrateful one, and i throw myself upon your generoes lectiora connected with its adoption, and other great venerable Inatftutoon of the country; to take grave indulgence. I have come forward to announce to you that evesta in our history In Philadelphia the first rewhich bad been secured for the friends of this movement parte unknown. The meeting then dispersed.ground tbey did not wish IM be looked at so much. Ttcy organ to increase in sise about seventeen years ago.Kev.DavidT.Kimball,ibewellknownv»;eranclergy- man of Ipswich, Mass.. and one of the ••Idest living graduatesofHarvardcollege,j«seriousiytitButtheyhavedonewhatIconceivetobethenextbeat thingtocominghereandaddressing youfrom this ros- trum in perron they have sent you in letters from Washington and from Boston their warmest words of en coursgemeuL (Applause.) And one reflection which consolesme andwhich shouldconsole youin thisvery grevious disappointment is contained in a sentiment ex- pressed in theletter of JohnJ.Crittenden—(Criesof "Readtheletter,' laughtersndcallstoorder)—receivedrunoveronMondaylastbyhisowncart,attbecornerof HudsonardGrove streets,and wassoseverelyinjuredACCTSEDPARTYHELDFORTRIAL—Itwill be reollectedthatamannamedPatrickW.Handwasarrested,onlastWednesday night, on suspicion of attornptieg to set firi totbe stesmboat N ew World, lying at the foot of Eighth • vi caiii lis Tbe ex Governor is now near it eignty yearsWASHUCTOH. Feb J. lcgfl. Ga>TLsarN—Ihavejustreceivedyourtelegraphiceommu-accidentallycatching fire atagrate onTuesdaylast.TunI-»TBAccmnvronTHKHrraosRIVERRAILROAD— GrandJury.ThismakesthefourthpersonheldforarsonhasIal'enIremi<mrtr<ireprinciplesori>ractice,andany oftbedistinguished menthatbadbeenannounced, Thegreassntcrimeeverconoeivedbytheheartuicaiioaoftonight.ConsidermyconditionandIamsurethatnewbegantoretire.Mr.Lathropgaidthatthiswasa or m an wan perpetrated w&en tbe immaculate you will conclude that I cannot attend your meeting. I went movement, not of lollticinns and partisans, but of theapfeit that proanpwd the noWe discharge of theirs?to you but a few daya ago when t would not bare gone any- Saviour of the world wan naUed to the ignominious v sere eire, and I carry too many years oa my back to make cross:TheresioneothercrimeinmagmlMdesecondsuchtnpaveryoften.Tbetaskmustbeperformedbya onlytothat.IspeakwithdehhorattoBaadreverence. younierwan.1haveConealllbatIeouldtoprevailonsome It mutt coi be perpetrated in our day. Its foul commis- of your friends in the Bouse of Representatives to attend your mretmg.butIcannotassureyoumatanyofthemwillattend, i bey are quite worn down by their continued labors, and with all the test wishes .or your success are unwilling to undertakeAn inquest was held on Saturday, b y Coroner Gamble,ptople, who were determined to stand by the Union,the upon the body of Mrs Tilley, one of the victims of the late constitutionandIheISWB.Ourforefatherspassedthrough accidentt,earSingSing,ontbeHudsonRiverRailroaiastvtnyears'streggletoesubbshourliberties. We Thejuryrenderedaverdict,uponevidenceeimilartothaiduring tbe past month.FIREmTROTErnxm-.—OnSaturdayafternoon,between fiveandsixo'clock,aslightfireoccurredintherearof No 21 Troy street, in tbe premises owned by R .bert Peterson. Damage about f?&. Insured in the North River Insurance Company.FinnwWSCTFORTY-SBVEVTBSTBJHTT—Betweentwoand three o'clock on Sunday morning a fire ooenrred on tbe premisesofMr.Cnnningbam,at No 201WestForty-se- venthstreet TheOrecommencedontbeweather boards, and is supposed to bave been an act of Inoen- dfarifm. Loasabout$2f0 Insuredfor$1,600Inthe New York Fire and Marine Insurance Company.si ggtsing tbat 'l.e story <>i<gmated a bis having fallen from his horse.ColonelKipley,U.8A;GeneralJ.8.tehitney,op Mass»(loseties:M Reritcbeita,htmfarteri,»mVeoe zoel*. Count FraclaneUl. and Mr. nua Mrs r'aderd, cf Ntn Yotk, are teWashugron.TnteFtraat Garrl.nr,'. TO TBI E11TOK Or TUX H*K*LH.GiJuuwirw&UTHI.N,Putnamcounty.Mi I,ltfiflt. Astatementhavingappearedinjester'atsissueof'your paper relative to the hss sustained by ti- Cromwell„ st Garrison's, on account of Ore. I am requested to any that iho announcement tr, regard to the amuatof loan was wholly moment. The (Ire ongtenten la tne upper part of tbe dwelling, in a clothes room, oa Sunday (in- steadofMonday)evenug.abouthalfpastteno'clock. Tbefurniture(whichwasreportedasalllost)wasprinea Iallysaved,throughtbouimeatexertionsof•tewoftha lesidenuof tbe place-, to whom much prase and baser are due for the activity ntoptayrd aad the r**rire* soesrn for Mr. Cromwell. Tbe total toes is about $> ooo (inateadCoroners1 Inquests.FATAL AceiDEvrs, Ac—James Monahan, a carman, wasandibesubversionoftheconstitution.Philadelphia,ofallplaces, saems tbefittestfortbeassemblingtogetheroftbefriends o f thai constitution, a n d that Union, to pledge themselves to one another and to the co. niry to the last sjtremity.My public duties, sentlsmen, require my Immedlatenreaencein Washington and for that resshn, and that alone, I must srd lesves a wife and three children. denyinjselfthepleasue ofacceptingjourinvitation (LoudFlrea la New York.ARSxm CAS* OS BOARD THS STKAMHOAT NKW WORLD—THEapp auae ) DANIEL WBBSTKtt.Mary Kiernan, a native of Ireland, living at 217 West aeventienthstreet,diedyesterdayattbeNewYorkHos. pita!,fromtheeffectsofburnsreceivedwhileintoxicated,street,Eastriver.Fire Marshal Baker, on Saturday, concluded the investi-ofs*«*.Kev Frarcis Marshall, a '"aiholic clergyman in Phila- delphia, whose dea'b was recently announced,tonot onlyalM-e,buthasrecoveredfr«mhisillness,aodtonow in gcoei health. This i m iligecce will be received by binni»b> friends with siict re gratificationH< n . J . M . B o t t s , o f V i r g i n i a ; S a d n e y W , b « r * r , c f M a s - saili.s*it»,and Ii«.n W H Keteey of New York Heat Ikw,olMaine,isoutwith a letterdenying tr.*tthatbohave passed through s struggle ss fearful, if not as bloody, inendeavoringtomaintain those liberties. Ourfathers deliberated for nesr six years as to how they should form aconfederacythatshouldmeettbewantsand exigenciesgivenattheinquestonMrsFields,atYonkers,that"the deceased came to ber death from injuries caused by a coli:eion oa tne Hudson River Railroad, on the ISth ofstandbytheconstitutionandtheUnion. Wecamenotas m xr ,s0Dlyorn v ? **"Publicans only—(a voice, "not at all )—but as citizens for tbe purpose of establishing a cfmmonplatfoim upenwhich everymanmaystandThe following letter was then read from tbe Hon. Ed him brother. (Applause ) We throw out to you a ban- RfguUr, is of course familiar with the Morgan dinap F i n in SxvEimi AVBSTE —Between oon nod two o'clockward Everett—toreaaadunderhaauspicesoaSaturdaynext~ _ * ^ ** •ra n o more o f CngaaemenK of a controlling nature to this quarter will put It outer my power to aa*nd the masting. I folly concurin ^* £!?*?** pejpoee the opmton that the present state of pabne .affairs a of a veryner under which jou allcan rally. What isthepositionofthepoliticalparties' Hasnotthedemocracybecomenaceticnalparty? Hasitnotattemptedtoenforceuponaunwillingpeoplelawsthataretyrannous—(AVoice—"Dryup!" Uughter)—and carry cot that which was in thetatureof thecase nbconotHuttonal? In the Knnnan-Ke-traska act they claimed to stand upon the right of popularnearacce, which caused aointense anexcitement a num nerofyearssgo,notonlyinthmcountry,butnamin Europe, uwassaidtheMasonsmadewaywithhimfor revealingtbesecreteoftheOrder,andmanybelievetha •tery tothisday. AsomewhatsimilaroccurrenceItnow exciting the cititens of Zanesville, Ohio. The Aurora matonSundayafternoonafirebrokeout.intheFrenchconfeciioneryestablishmentofJuliusJooquin, No 600Se- venthavenue. Thefiremenwereearlyatthe premises, sndsucceededinpreventingtboflamesspreading beyond tbe building where It originated. Damage to tbe stock about $200: n o insurance. The building Is owned b y Mr.sovereignty^and the South conceded it; but sinceit has rlong since published what purported to be a full ex-their own bantling, asd the adminictrntion are now giTing rite of tL e Sons of Malta, w h i c h ^ extettaTvelTcwtodstonesentherearofthelot Mr.Jocquta's stock intheA Rfci'OEffTArrivals aad Departart». A BJtlT A A S.J ,Untitled Documentslavery intopoliticsinsteadofleavingittobedeterminednotinmy pnwertodoso. Yousaythattbebasisefyourass>cia-tion la 'the Union, the Constitution and tbe enforcement of thelaws "ur hie ob;. < t*. wldcii haw my moat hearty approval(Applause' But 3et I studiously avoid every appearance be o.'u in t determine it—cannot legislate upon it Extremists tives. If ever it please Providence to lay m e, as John will be-known in tbat da> bow much has been done for fore tb« public and can only add that I wish vou success. (Apbelongs acd must remain. constitutional construction.It is a question purely of Tbe majority of the peoplehas gone tohitGod.Wo are pressing on to tbe judgment teat of Christ Itas endurable as flie rocks This is the on'y free govern trect on earth. This Union was decreed by the stci'nal God of Nations. (Approbftion.) Washington hiaa- self, in m y humble judgment, w a s a s much inspired a sand as long as we remain a truly patriotic people, thatsame Go,! that presided over the glorious efforts of ourthst he died yesterdsy.hold an inquest. Deceased lived in Washington streetExGovernorMorton,ifMassachusetts, isno*conva- lesce M frcm bis late dangerous aitaek <s iiineea, aad will, ii is liOj#d. Poor, be able to resume his ordinaryThe Coroner has been notified toMr.PBACMKNthen addressedafewremarksespeciallytotheyoungmenofhisownage,callingupontbemtosupport the patriotic effort which was now inaugurated to seme three weeks since. Coroner Schirmer will hold an lower cabin, witli a fire burning on a platform, and couldCoronerSchirmer heldaninquestonSatureiay,onthe b o d y o f M r s . A E . C a s t l e , w i f e o f D r . A . C C a s t l e , o f 2 * 0 Many of the audience being disappointed to not hearing Fourth street, wbo was burned to death from her dressC C L a T w n o p , o f P h i l a d e l p h i a , t h e n t o o k t h e s t a n d .n'" V***sWpHWonjnip#"'jitablefromthecen- danwwntbaiJO; blacks, 4*8,74*; freeone of therace that have no righ* that a white manhily termed them, if those'Congressmen whosubmit to be browbeaten into civil answers to impertinent questions were in any other than a political sense their represenur e »FromFsTssrab,hitheatsssa HarareeD'Ormy.THMabbett Barsasa. J 9 Parker, T ' ntedderd, P MewtsUb. GsteerageP e e r * B i c b m o o d , a e .nuh. Jao k Prhcnerd- and 10 to tinTatenrnga. * *Liverpool, in the steamship Asia—CL PertaOnl-L www.fultonhistory.com 