 %^^f,h «fll be to classify and place ble alterations. There were 430 vessels of all sons everywhere. impossibler=,:."^towardscontroversy on the subject is either the idlest them and to place them in all respects upon leon, upon the system adopted in France,the Nova a stream UpiUcnm,reports Washington TerritoryOr ."*».•Margutsproperty4-. .toembarkonlhe llthult. atThey have virtually annulled theed to infuse moie serious and grave reflectionwhich have followed sorapidlyfrom the udicial jSaturday night, and which, more than any other re- cent production, falls short of every ordinary critical excellence. Thestoryissimplythatofastep-motherno City this way, and it is expected It will reaek Loe•theheld accountable for his acts,at the mostit can enter into the mind of—Hali.ft<.ofsatisfied *ith this,mtV.v«teinw-TOBKjM^mt: tireoa*i«M««aMrMCbrIlTiD«uau. intoexecutive session, and presently after ad-—beowner of a slave caanot. A slave may light, ia to assist inPROM THE PACma. ^PMture of tke im>and the characteristics, alike social and administrative, of the Savoy <ai aoaid Iba iPlett-wing, consigned to Rev. nor th6 Territorial Legislatures can exclude ed and resisted by them fi-nm a feeling of self- of to-day, are altogether French. The people'ty-~_j-«aariafviote<^a»l committing fr«quent oulra»M '^^'^aUgfateat ^the quietaatnralneu of her M r.Lssrss Wal- Intensity.LAca, too, was excellent, not only In a keen percep-'disappear.defencesofGermany ofthe Oneofthemhasbeen leaveitssbotea..morningnationaland fact'us advices^Ti^«.evening aession. Many amendments At the meetiag of the Board of Trustees of thenewBeforesixtieththe world is witnessing the practical realiza-out all the trials andcil.speculators Hadison-aquareThe Japanese st(AB canatteIIgiven,everywhere,placedas well as on Madi-over the, to them, nntiiedfaeaa.The Chief Adoital of fit lapeilal J«•to bear the information that the Em-*[hMty:thsyopposepie^*^^.^p^'^!f?^^^?5BSPP5^PB^-^' r^mw^^^tmms^. -mTJW^.lJf!*.-'mim m -*mii^^'m^M-".(^"s"" mwmmrPh^mrwk-nv,BpnwandNaMutill the dreaou of patrioticiferaata. JTOBKTHUS(D*Il7>li P«Wlrt«< miytoriee, it was so referred. The biU relative to thig a moral wrong. has no such evolution from mist andmagnificent ly,from mere self shall onePbtbabch him-_i cfMiis^PilM Twc Onm, nmt Mdu Banad six Doum • ytar.Thebill—rigfata, no such faculties.vapor,greatreali- Italy.authorizingita loca-Atto opea CD Wednesiay, —ffti " I ir<a **KBkWbV THUTBB-Coumt Bimt.of aproperty in his time, his sisrvices and his earn-leave the location of Common Coun.U. anlvad banhi. i!— THIATBB—Tn I-AiiMJOBiia—O'- Vnuil—Aflanaco-OuHUi or Qm-tan Police and various other bills were reported -facultiesin bis —State, andXuaa av Box a9v Cox.vicini- quite changed again, and provision made for a legislative City Capi- tol on Madison-square, and a building for the we areBALL—Inua KxaomoB. OBAISL—Snr. Ton tmmB.Courts on the Park.course at double the coat ! This is the shape agawa by the United BtataeSALOON—eaaaoa Onivn's llmrULS. HALIr—Batti XiasTSiu.tions—all the discouragements and defeats——idriF- HettKiiuf, which was supposed to have;the of Ireland do not differ more from those ofItcertainly,isveryproperty $3,000,000.nou BBinsK coLormiA.tUMjiiind aSCapeHorn. This boat was orate argument to prove that neither Congress shippedsee such a commotion excited in the any city byQfl*.Pmaoxtt Bonohilu. WhenoS Horn Cspette raaaal was lealtiog badly, and all efforts tobnco, and there purchased by Capt. Wbkelier.— Slavery from Federal territory. It cannot be respect. Practically, thousands of them—prospectiof a National Convention. We trust The latest dates frem British Columbia are te tha l-tth. The ship Prtncen Royal was sooa to saU bomsaw no reason todwelling uponfondlythe Peninsula,establishedthattnna stiroped of objectionable atiri-— to^iAaNiagara. and Tha barlt Ceres, Capt. Whxslek, arrived at thispeaceabdicate its most—imusualdoes all this mean f What trouble is appre- |unavailing.' SixotthecrewSavoyardsfrom theherfreetook possession of the boat, leaving the ship, which was subsequently picked up by ship Imo- reme, Capt. Williams, and carried into Pernam-^kaapprovedsuch a doctrineThe from Havana on the 2d Cahawba,onlyinst., aiiivad here on Saturday. There was little ofbroughtmuct rally on more conservative groajd, as mnch 'or the good of the (»untry as to Insure them anythough probablyroyal government be retained at Turin, as theout epigram;scenes williout situatioos; is doll, reallirn Itwassignifiedbytheofficerspossiblespeed. abolished Slavery, and will hav« made their usually attends the struggles of parties. The of the comparatively provincial independence who desires to wean her son from an affection which communication to Fort Smith on this side,BbJiMii1iMt4|*llWaKir,indispstching this aront-courrwr, ^gttH Waatbnatc his profound respect for theon theandLm for the MaUAnsRicaiiBapabUe. The vessel bore the Grand as ;and ence, actual orianPeninsula.Al^ll^^^«ldf(beJ^aneieNavy,andalsotheofficers reachof Aid aMrtiiM of tba erew of the schooner Fen-Bntaaa^lfA»-bringmoves with duty is confined to investigating the conduct ofKanagawastitutions.Angeles by the 1st of JulywiU be built with allIbence to Fort Tama iti||Ii'excluded — or from mass, indeed, in our will Great Britain than do the anywhere,byanypower, any great judgmentfocebodings,justjuststtrrbed^ •f'.kad wmtMlf baao visited by histwflu of cHiaaBa of niiaoia, praying for the restor-itemancipated •pwstabjypersoaa, they have personal lights : and Tenilariaa to divide tree from sUve Isbor. was they are aubjeeta of moral law :—they have pieaeoled by lb. TatWBDLL. That gentleman certain spiritual powers and faculties of which•>'«»n«WT>>« of athe States theyT.gaognaUeal Une bisecaogThe ladepeadeaee of Italr.There is nothing more fascinating in the way past be any warrant for the future, weat1»( DistrictCouruinKanssswaspsssed. authorizing a Baifroad through Pennsylvania-av-The owner of achaos, of a newsplendid, prolific with life and glorious withthe Winter tba Gardeo,aeaaoaitTIU8 (and WMUj>-T>iaiD«b. enue having been considered, the Senate went bog may fatten, kill and eat him if he pleases:THENEwCrrr Ha^.—The bill(^nW-TOBKTIKW"naftr TvKTa DcuAB*journed.Cityinsula, must have an interest scarce infeiior. There, from the distractions and contradictionsof an(WmUt)—Tw« D«U4Ba aThe House addicted itself to the private—maybe pun-fancymajestic"the ere rtion of a newfourteen bills.luT«iBii DoUAHk Anf A majority report was made to the State Senate ished for theft, ^may guilty of murderspectaclemah to conceive. And yet, for those who;calendar, passing——«raaaCkika^ ••litOT' aiart, inO tc at- on Saturday, in favor of amending the Constitution borae cannot. It is perfectly absurd to speak truly measure the worth anddignityso as to prohibit the sale of intoxicating liquors. MB, OAUTOBKU. la pablUhed ontka The bill Irom the Assembly authorizing a quarter—was defeated on stately and steadfast steps in the Italian Pen- therefore, is that it will be taken up againproperty. tftT«yIUaM«^Mr. PilM, In wntperi, I mill tax to be imposed in aid of the Albany and ing to the law and the State precisely the same Susquehanna Bailroad, was passed by a vote of 17 relation, in the same sense and to the sameprogress,JAPAMSE iBtereaUnc fromtalfMWirtaKnxia-«»to«MiHMt la tk* PiMAan 'NlW-•w-TaAOUy."•F MUSIC—B*«B»« or 8ETH.t»- •UDKIC—BoTiT AiiPBiiHiitu—to 12, and was sent to the Governor. A rasjority extent. The terms—report in favor of abolishing the office of Governors of the Almshouse was received. Its adoption wasconcurred in. The City Hall bill was lost by a from" moneyBritUh 8aa4wteh««snd a motion to refer it to the Poor Law Committee, with power to sit during the recess snd investigate the subject, wss successfiiLviolently opposednor can that which ia property possibly be cloUied with the E«n«8- The House amendments to the Canal bill were attributes and rights which are inseparableunnatural and intolerable Past, a greatBacietytheparentnltraists who are fond ofsion would be to surrender their own controlpopulargaialag |;property,vote of 16 to 11. In the Assembly the Metropoli-—person, property byhumanity,amendment proposed the new CityFraadaoodateate Maiek iarmaaiBarMamtar.mmtkU an.certaincomplete. The Supply bill occupied much of the labor, property in the products of his genius,andwere made to it, but before the question was taken apon die third reading, the House adjourned.Propertythe Chorcb ofPuritans on Sator-of fifty-seventhree yean ago tor fte at BapsMrotday evening, two sets of trustees appeared, claim-tohavebeenelectedatthe annual of ing meetingthe Society on the 12th ult. The Anti-Cheever claimAts founded their demaads on the certifi- cates of the inspectors of election, and the Cheever men on the announcement of the inspectors on the evening of election. The former were servedThe clause whichNear Broadwar-Vosu of Kiho with sn injunction, restraining them from acting, portation until 1808, simply forbids the pro-now, in which it willprobablyWaate SanFraadseo. Tb« object of tb* EmoenrlaaaaRHrinnT-Tumi.S68BKLDOBF SALLEBT—ExHismoiC or FAiXTiHas.;Iquestion will be tested in the Courts.The trial of Gzorqi Dowkb, second mate of theare We have several associations in this City dwarfed and Theand we must urge onr advertislDgactivitywhich has now been;eonntiyand Oiaof New-Toik:not only to oar conrenieDce but to their ,rightsof Italian independence. The acceptanceby YicTOR Emanuel of the sovereignty of-fered him by Tuscany, the Romagna and of the City Raiboad projects are probably des- movement, and will give li.-v a taittm apwaiddency. Money la easy on eeilatsnl, bat ao ; unless very cboloe, is dliwualed.The shipment of treasure to enow will be Nota $l,Ma,(IO*.TheratesofpassagetoNew-ToAby<bi akSanara, vdileh sails to-BMnow, are: Itatfor.ndar the pnpCT heads. MEWSOFTHEDAY.greatmass of the North-the Central has converted the ancient tined to be Duchies,passed to-day.slightestwithIl* Kagara, Enropeanthesame point, are quite as simple as they would over Slavery within their own limitsfanciedover assertion thatwelfare.detected, bill hasalavea, the Conatitatioa apeaka ofcdoae at hand, and we ahall aooa bavB asev• tbepnaenee,tbeezcasdvely persons theycaonotpowiblybeiftainlAleduponthegreatdraaiawhichistobemaadllpofthatItaflywhichalreadyUveaand I-ta-.-^a-kasl-lMaa—whicharemoved iu reference to the Judicial Committee, no laws can divestwoald have had it go to the Committee on Terrt- power can ignore or disregard without commit- of the astronomers. To imagine thepatriotism, and the ttafrrMajeMr. Tkadebadbeta doll.IndMVailadBlaleaaeaateonBatarday, a p»- tbey are aaielj and exclnalvely property. IfJIP^PkI ^mts.__— latka TlMM BbIMIx. BTMiMac tk* Otty and after an objection from Mr. Orbxn, whomovee and has a national being, iday work whlrii liea before thesecannot them, and which no human of speculative science than the nebular theory doubt it will l>e done, weH, wisely and worthi--of the two as being alikeofthe political process now on with such but only for want of votes. The probability,A person cannot be —a^won-personality.There be mayin butes ofase nowbe:— veiy perjon and property exclude the idea that they can be identicalPropertydaypale ties of free, prosperousbefore the and imlted—but itselfcannotbeowned.unity simpleindependence.<ingsThis is the view oftheyev the Nineteenth Century,ty—ao it wasUTlvwliienaBB» Addo. The veeesl ii at;personalitythat,in thistfce IMwhich isin the Constitution of the United States.oflMh,|maa, eanici tn i^MiawbtftNo man has everbut three clausesanddesignatedtionpurposea hope which have never Italy through-J^aa^ataaMkin that instrument which refer to Slavery, di-recUy or indirecUy; and in each of these, slavesare spoken of distinctly and deliberately aswords,of»70,000. She li scat ban byte 1Slaveryap-permitsand the latter quietly took their seats. The whole hibition of "the migration or importation of rary aspects of what we call the 'Italian surrection.shall think^aOaPADmaaa. HoiiFBKEys, a seaman, was commenced on Satur- which fixes their ratio ofrepresentation, merelythe "formed for the special purpose of taking caresel behnglng to that aatiea hasbasa »na-i—^niw^ *»>4ZAVAL-8TBKXT—Ho.36»-WBin,ocx'8Fsu Gali»t packet ship Devonshire, for the murder .of one ingproper1815,"day, in the United States Circuit Court. It is declares that, to the whole number oifree per- VOAJIVB&TISEBS. chargedthatonthe18thdavofDecember,Dowxk sonsshallbeadded"three-fifthsofallothersmall wise mentoOxenstikbna,economical an expenditure of brains, may beHall,—andtherewasaverygeneralconcuf Coortr,-recentlywrecked;andatthenqamtofIhahi «nr KKWBPAPn Exrasss arrangement bad an altercation with Hdhphheys ; that he caused the sailor to fall overboard, and that nowho rulethe world,Emperor, Ltent Joe> If. BaMis,to assist the ia Japanese nlTJ^iiforwas(, hare opened this present sheet, the Tihbs The Stock Market closed with a steady feeling be seized and reclaimed, but that " no personwith soktoeflactthismorning,andbeforehalfour alarmwaspersons ;"providesaccordingveryaaUag ttoandnoeffortmadetorescuethe bQmCky,withinthreemilesoftheTins man. Testimony for prosecution and defenceisthat it or atbe\and the case rested.'vriB ba upon the breali&at tables ot thoasands at on Saturday. New-York Central, 78 Missouri held to service or labor in State" shall be_ active officers announced that he was of a PtiBkatan arrives, aad thsa (atom at once to 'rnli.**"T and Tro;—one hundred and fifty milesdependence,to the arrival reportand of thotisands mor^slong the interven- «wsri—k tlUmiln;Brokers at 5®6 ^ cent,at call. Discount rates,into which heone of these clausesThe of San Fianctaoo peoplearef^^mjf ,( |^^feif nate. W*m5 to 7cent., with ascarcitjrestimated andheard,sixes, 83 cent. on London, 108^ ^ Exchangees- tablishment in the immediate vicinity of the square, and that he considered it his first duty to look after the welfare of his own property.of the Aabassalors thusfuontheirjooney.ifl108J. A fair emplojrment for money among the dischargedby may escape.any In each andStateor;^ prime paper.outside of bank ofaa a matter of eourae, to put4a fayar to pieas at an earUer hour than has been steady prices. Flour was in moderate request at sarily to exclude the idea that they arecompelled,designateslaves asand thus neces-The sales of Cotton comprised 1,000 bales atpersOTU, Their servicCj theirprice proposed locatioathequired. That man ought to be sent Senate.uniform rates. Morewas discemable in Com was scarcethe interests of would be promoted, he had not in-between tillsArrived, 17th. diin tttpartir, beat— — quiet. —labor.point developmentWheat, which was stiffly held.I to kand ia their notices as early as possi- and The movements in Provisions were to is owned by othersCitybutUta afternoon and erening. Tliis is es- fair. Pork was depressed. Coffee attracted more therefore because they caimot surrendered in theof;attention. Sugars were less sought after. The any of thewhichI<sale of Teas resultedif the adrertisements are not received Other branches of business exhibited no remarka- cessity—^Three or foarpublicunsatisfactorily.of theto case, belong inalienably per-The Cut Railroad Schemes.Advices fromHoag Kongts Jaa. 14 itTor tbaclasses in port. In this sense theSlaves aa Property—The Qaestion Really em people concede the legal existence, andNot the kingdom of Sardinia at once into a province regard has been paid, in any one of them, toatIssue.files to March H llr. WiOFALL, the new Senator from Texas, regard slaves aapersoru owing service andCity.in one of hir'Tecent speeches in the Senate, labor to their masters, by virtue of local llialagmiltlc ad-rieea to the 26tti, reached Hali- "«Batudayaftenoon. Thenewsisofinter- aidhedeniedthat weattheSouthdraw lawsorusages,whicharerecognizedaavalidAaannazatioaof Toscany to Sardinia had any distinctioR between slaves and any other by the Constitution of the United States. ."the com-Peter,maintainedbytheliterallyinexhaustible fortorsecuretherightsofthosewhoride,or willbepenaaneuLAbout4Wpasse^snwUlfatveanaommated, a decree to that effect, accept- property. We ask simply," said he, that that But they do not regard them, nor lUftha<temaiidoftheEtnirians,haTingbeenissued propertyshallbeputuponthesamefootingas does the Federal Constitution regard1(MW saAs an aa and defended by the strength of twelve inil- with justice to the public and liberal profits to board diip tot Callao, aad 13,000 mon bave baaa far.^ Yhmb &lA>trKL. The withdrawal of French every other species ofproperty.. from Lombardy, iuTing been commenced and we ask nothing more."llonsofItalians. theownersoftheroads. Threeorfouri^aw chasedforAnstralia,attherateefaborttwocatipwThe surrender of Savoy to France by the monopolies are simply created, and clothed DOtUUl.TiuioasW.Booss, Oovamorof Miaooil monarch of this new realm, which has been so witii power to levy upon the laboring classes fbrmerlybntaresidentofCalUbmiasinceISM,diedat biaiaa-lily with this action, the Paris Cotuti- had explained that this course hadrights of persona—aa being merely pro;<«rty, "industriously represented by the clamorous taxes sufficient to pay them thirty or forty per idence In oa the 24tbn instaat,H*d yaaiB.I pojsned thiough no ill-feeling on the eration and forbearance. Tliis "and — owing duties withparte ndiwe The aaw.tt France ; hot because thesimpleperilthe mountaineers of I%ere has been the faintindependence 'ftf Bafy was thus irrevocably assured. TheWe ask that,Mr. WioFALL seemed to be under the impres- like Mr. Wiqfall's horses, lands, mules, and—men and wa- sionthathewasspeakinginthespiritofmod- hogs." Theyarestill personsalarmists of the English Press asa hmniliationcent,upon everydollarthey mayinvest in theNapaA brisk emlgratlca has coauaenced bcmMl" de- mand of ^e South evidently struck him asmen, having rightsto the of Sardinia, a Kingto the of roads! peopleof the Stale for the 'WashoellheevacnatioD of Savoy. The anticipated guage can picture bis disgust and horror at as outrage upon the law of universal humanttyI dispatch commenting on the annexation of.crinee, lepudiated the idea of the measure finding that the people of the North were imwil- The North does not regard slaves as merelyTlka iaaannal step ot a restoration of natu- ling to make this slight concession. Bat nei- property, aad caa never be brought to do socooatiy DiiidMliig oa the Stem Haaad rather than weaken the Italian State bow would compel the old ones to improve their en the eastern aide, ia a vast ngloa of igrowing into greatness. It leaves Italy to the management, aad somewhat diminish their wooderfoUy rich In silver and gold, aUionfh a IItaUa^B, literally and absolutely. Mittkknicb profits. But (he Legislature is not blind even ninnher of onr people ooatisne to deobt Italniaotien. TherepliesoftheGreatPowersto ikii statement are reported to have been of onether Mr. WiGFjjj. nor those Pro-Slavery under any eircumstanoea lar such' a conces- ;used to condense thehe had into thewhich policy heto this small chance of the promotingThe chink has been to be stopped up forthwith. Aof these accounts, which are probably <persons.such aa persons anyof the States now exist- to admit." The clauseQuestion"" treaties ofbeyond the Alps," the " balance of power in City interests. The Canamamarrak bi gfljand the clause whichthe return of fugitive slaves, declares, with equal precision, not that fngiti re proper/^ mayopinion amongV.S.K., volai; on^establishment of the the overthrew offeu- dalism in FrancCi 18 an event which can onlyproperty.La duedo not,from the ne-reach- affairs, practically amounts to the achievementenrlieJqwa.therefromthe laws ofevery special care is taken toAmericandifferentopinionlargetheConstitutionalimmunityofSlavery. Theythewantsorconveniencesofthestretching from the Alps and the Lago di solitary provision has been inserted to securethem, as being thereby divested of themoral responsibilities and immunities, of whichItalyand anoutrage uponglimmeringof arespoodents of all the leadiiig CatUarata |H|iuis Ml;always,they —Italj{tnfrom New-Since the last overIaad.Ball, the laaikatpropertyemerging, State province by proviace, to gravi- tate around one common centre into atheir Im-and disappointments of five hundred years the merely formal and diplomatic and tempo-~ 'm army bad at the same moment com- the meiaitt trifle in the world ;-«-and no lan- no law can deprive them, without being itself the French Alps, will certainly strengthen hope that the competition of these new roads the same stoiy eoooemlBgTbe Befoim bill and the Budget had been be thought. They know very well that if they annul their own prohibitions of it, and tofarther debated in the British House of Com-moaa. Tiie income tax of teu-pence in the can establish this point, in the law and public establish the law of Slavery, like the law of expression," like India or Turcomaoia, repre- This will effectually destroy competition, ti per day, and hard to get at that, as an aaea anponad had been agreed to. The Beform bill sentiment of the country, they will have every- property, as the immovable basis aad founda- senting a certain area of the earth's surface, and place the City dbsolutely and completely looking out for claims of their owa.sppaaHiri to attract little public attention or in- thing they could possibly desire. In fact, there tion, not only of the Federal Gk>verament, but bnt no nationality or humanity—no present or at the mercy of one gigantic and remorseless- raoK OBSQov axd WASEnrorox.Mnat. Commenting upon the recent speech ofr. SCWAKD in the Senate, the London Times will be left nothing more to be conceded. All of every State and every commuaity in the possible State. The irre^tible movement of ly avaricious monopoly. We wish there were Oregon advices to the 12th of Uaiek an received.regards its tone as indicative of a better the planks in all the platforms of both parties— Union. The claim of the South, j3o far as the modem ideas, happily incarnated in the most any ground for hoping that the Governor would The proposlUon for a joint Cooveation, iiiimiMiill^—all the contests about Territorial sovereignty, South sanctions Mr. Wiqfall's view, as it powerful of contemporary sovereigns, has veto so iniquitous a bill.TheThea latal collision nad occurred between the Custom sense and to the same extent as "lands, tween the two great parties and sections of It is most fortunate for her future, teer troops in readiness for serviee during the In the SImllkamea mines, ctmfirming Ihe geaerally-late offeelingbetween the two sectionsand with so modified aof tbe eoaniry pro- the extension of;naiaae, It jndgea it to be possible for the Bepnb-*iahaiMtoa and a Btitii>h vessel. The news from horses, mules and hogs," as Mr. Winfall, in the Union and so long as it is per^ted in therefore, that in thus a re- ; becomingthe limits of Federal seem—s inclined to do more and moreOaat to witlistaod tlie advances of Pro-Slavery power, &c., become utterly empty and use- day, is extravagant, and will never be con- Italy not only is to be, but already is, a politi-—A corres-From China, we learn that the rebel- fa aaaoming new eaergy, and that at Swatowless. If slaves are property, in the same ceded. It really marks the line of division be- cal reality in a very grave and serious sense-is inreceipt of a letter from putlaaladla If without importance.tiCha steamship Canadian, bom Liverpool on the —Slat alt, anivad at Portland on Saturday. Her they are ^if they are to be thus re-peoide of the Union—if this is the statusGen. Palxis was at tiie Dalles,msklng prepsra-Slavery,policypieces;CHARLF.ST0N Convention.pondent of the Charleston Mercury urges the necessity of keeping a regiment of their volun-betag Iwotanother part of his speech, declared that and pressed, it is foUy to hope far compromise ality, she has become an exclusively ItalianoraJtkaahavebeenanticipatedbytheKangaroo gardedandtreatedbytheLegislatures,Courts apurposeonthepartofthe Southto beforetheBurgundianancestorsofYictobConstitution of the{United States, anyfurtherobligationsreconstitution ofimder the First Savoy Napo-—the Democrats whom tion andit willentering the Coluaitdathat case, Mr. Wiofall need resort to no elab-and Such an endeavor is ofState or territorial. What — wpuldupontheyPiedmontese,the Tuscans and the—jurisdictionMr. Wigfallor a clause in the Constitution of that State which should declare all title to in;Romagnols. that the result ofbaeoariaK commUiaasayto a law of South Carolina propertyIt isaEnlarging the Field.It is stated by onevery troublesome, and were constantlyprinciplehopesSavoywas proceeding actively toward the capital. So en—its truth b«.<:M>een jBO generally assumed, mightyaadly exbaasted were the supplies of ammunition and even Northern men have so off sext Fall. I hare never wlmessed so little desireIn Veia Crux that, it is said, the town must ftaveircqupntly to UUc or make merry sbout anything.newlysccplre,conceded it as a matter of fact, that Southern are for ttie mast TllerReimt>ltcansnot withoutestablishing it as a p^int of Constitutional law.and al-can beplayedpoUticiaus,upon r,^ckl«^. party;institution and its codedesperation which marked the canvass in both of Sardinia in favor of the national independ- she conceives to be hasty and- Ill-founded.Angelesother.It will bevery easyreason,countBut the mostin Wa^huigton concur in ttie opiaion thittiie^1gr VW MuDUs, by way of the Sandwich Islands laws and the action of all States which have into the political contests of the day than madness of Austria, is the disappearance J;as universal,permanent, just as completely out of the Statesonthis vexed$3,000of — moral recognizing anyhogs.Southern men, and ought to be at once resent-imusual tobut should never assent to its theoretical establish-never act —mentorpromulgation. Slavesarein the view notin- tion, bnt of the laws andAprilfor the House of Times. We should like to know where they Within a month one-third of the popolatlaa of Tie-— of the Federal Constitu-quite possible, certainly,votetakeninfavorable to the continued dominion of theInves- robberies and other Congressional outrageson the roads.The results of the elecUons in Conneetlcat and Rhode IfllaDd have called oat no rejoicing from eitherBona fintber partienUrs of Hexican news to the Constitution36lh nit. an forwarded fnka the SavarmaK atPensacola. Tha4'etreat of UiE.iMON from before pears to be a platuible and comparatively inno- party In Waehlogton. The pervading feeling there the King of Sardinia frankly accepts own duty thorougldy and satisfactorily.slaves asTan Crox coromenced on the 2l9t ult., and he cent proposition. It has been repeated so oft- appears to be one of deep soleomltv, in view of theto take her naturalrecognizespropertyap-Savoy, then,his new destiny of acourse,purely and Italian States,will have enough to do if tney perform theirTahalnia, where he had t>ecn on a visit io Mr. Nhw fo3f, his [jriv^ite secretary, whom he shot some IteeInterestsinvolvedinthe contpi.ttocome greatmonarch. The combined under his:the ExecutiveDepartmeatGovernment, was in great activity.personspopularSavoy mightbemore ofourneighborsThelast eleven wholesale jobbing booses, wiCk aa afgi*- gate capital of $200,000, have closed ftair bariasaeverydashed this Mettemichintoandgroundroute, and the one enlisting Interest, isurgently advocated by the Oregon Press.of the South- Sardinian crown than the result of such a vote of our conespondents as to where he ob-lateiaat in her news. The excitement in regard to valid and void ? No State, no — has ern States and Mr. Wiqfall's assertion that taken in Ireland would be to the maintenance tained certain information published in the here. StlU, Victoria is improrlng r^idly.incaatribBtiooa anflaggiog. The feeling in regard any right thus to confiscate propertyt^ Morocco war was unabated, and the flow of;. tAiha aaizareof the Miramen and the itthat which rests an older destroy upon andis a slander the upongoneHiitaaawasaubaiding. AtCienfuegostherehadbaan a between the crew of the United dtficnltyBtatea steamer W^aniot and the police of the city.\Om af Iba sailors had been hilled. ^]|bJliiw»good,more solid basis than-Ab iiW fi the SerrKodian naitheIstandstoHarch20. Theycontainnolh-easyhave selected this.The health sfsuch it isthe Irish and their peopleagement of the Times, nor have they any rightthus to drag them before the public. Their February, from Boston, and had already engagedland,horses,inliogsutterlyusagesthe South "draws no distinction between them"and any otherSouthern people, which they themselves should be the first to resent.form ofment ^without which, indeed, there can be noasas the cruel mis-— thingany government anywhere.govern-Savoyard subjectsThe bark Fraaeit Palmtr aews bom. fte bringsSandwich Islands to tbe 28th ult, six days htfar.The ship SirtK arrived from Honolnla oa (be Odafaretuin cargo of oil and bone for New-Bedford. LettersfromHUostatethatIh'evolcanoaiKUaaaaand mules society,tlius toof the union with EnglandVictor Emanukl has no such scores to setUe— as the Malakoff of The following is an extract of a private letterrulers. Bat so far aa national sympathies, interests and.Pro-Slavery Partytheir peculiar institution. That the Federal from a gentieman in Washingtonto see that the—The Election. Feelino in Washisqton.foreignyisMed had the attack been maintained ior aor two lohger. A bark bearing Spaniab colors hadbeen captured off Alvarado by the United Statessteamer Indianola, and wasnaCapt^n declared his port of destination to be When they have done this, they have done ev-OalraatOD, Texas, and that the derangement of his erything. They have access both to Territories chance for success. Mr. Siwass is the most worried way of avoiding any unnecessary and danger- company tern likable for its knoarledge of the nicely field. Mo., eighteen miles beyoal Melar% Ma- conpasa had led hinvastray. and to States. They have established their man I uoUce. Ills manner, air, and conversadon ous questions of precedence among the numer- toned commcoplaces of eosiety, Mr. WAttACE can tion, yesterday, and a large ioioe of mea aaaTba Overland Mail, with San Francisco dates to right occasionally play such a piece. At any other house at work pushing It Ibrirard to Fwt BaUii, sffiF"TM'" 7^°^^ ^y teleeraph from Spring- to carry Slaves into Federal Territor)', and to have entirely changed since the recent electlaos." ous renowned and beautiful cities over which the feat would be dangerous. If not Impossible. We on the southwestern border of Arfcaasas. Air *•**. lUssoorl. We thus receive the interesting hold them there in spite of Congress, in spite The result of the late elections in Connecti- the tri-color of Italy is now floating in freedom, are led oaturally to these remarks by a consideration vices from California by the last maU slats that Ihathat a Japanese corvette had arrived at San of Territorial Legislatures, and in spite of Con- cut and Khude Island was certainly calcula- the substantial result of the great events ef the comedy called " Leading Strings," produced on line on that side is being rapldlv exteadel froa Free-dayfo Vera Cruz.part intelllgeatporttoaat Wallack*6 It depends on talk with-THI CAIITOIVU TKLaoaArB. St.Loins,Satniday,Aprilf.immt Coamtr, laeantlytiie catvetta neatly cooteDtedthe people of Sau ernment, and, indeed, of all society. Mr. each party was sufficient to stimulate neUa should be denied her part in tlus glorious dialogue for our Immediate seneations of pleasure. enty cenU lor the first ten words aiiOsevenquaiw^Oregon and Washington dates to Kank 11 are not recognize slaves as at all. 2J2T ^ movement exists in the BliM aad properlylution. The idiocy of the of which the piece achieved, we most return to the orig-AMERICAN STEaKEB.PsnsAcoLA, Thursday, 4pt<I S.steamerTheT'nited States BrooUtpt, with Mr.l»w. as the route preferable to aU othen.Stateswhen the £ar<niniiA sailed.receivedfrom the Similkamean fflinMonly to herself,•flWJ^Uwurepoitea richness. The »»««onto make the not partpncaoa^ mtetb gone to the Prazer riverbe governed solely by Qte lawa, which governof without Inauaiaratalelittle irriutions,On the of tte eventagthe tTol ted S tatss staaaar'-•*-/.^:^.populaUonMnuMOHwithdrawinghis fOrcss fromdands are lu property— "and thattheyMr. Btixs—the soiieess of the ofhaedWioFALL says, " we ask that and we ask noth- ing more !" What a pattern of forbearance—We were unable to detect any excellence In this spe- cialty. Mr. TaocoBioir, the author, has failed to say a good thing, snd In point of fact, never, from begin-^^^__ADDITIONAL BY THI SAVA.V.NAn-B»TaiAT OF m.Franeiteo, who were pimatinx to entertain the•trangars snmptDoosly. The amiciation to theWsafaoe region was aeltiiig in &om all portions ofthe State vnth nnparalleled vigor. The ndnea lose what a model of moderation Mr. Wigfall is !none of their tepntatian tat exuberant srealtfa. The ConsUtution of the United States does ent in New-Haven states that, but for the un- tyranny and the perilous temptations of revo- pla'jtude. To account for the comparative successThere equal distribution of Representatives, the vote to not a BoUtaiy section, phrase or syllable in for the new Legislature would have been quiteyoung King Naples, and the short-sighted wickedness ofinal proposition, that Mr. Waixace's compsny can doits a over-con- hapes,without inducing perilousrevival. The foolishness of a decrepid fanatieenacted upon the political atage.is no hol-. . latfinorganicworld,solid andwhichfijtingtion on Madison-square, and authoriziag a City of debt of several millions of dollars for the pur-as hold- human welfare and of humanpose —building it,SaturdayAgoing— andpossibly,passed. ThereisagreatdealofBUlMF-WaiATSUI CalifiamH,,after the enacting clause has been stricken est nations of the earth in the grandest attri- out, as a snake will after its head is off.This bill has been amended twice. The firstpeople, the of the acknowledged peersproud-of adied out of the brain and heart ofintriguesandtempta-— ofthemodemkingdomofItaly akingdom—Garda to the Orvietan and the Patrimony of St. their good management, promotemillions and their heroicKing. B^t y- «],.Bonaced flie eoaadyforDot axpcet br tt a aa Ifl^Ornano.-The seaaon «IB Aeadany 'of Iliule tit algbt. Fatti in tfee "BaitUra."inderful tenacity of life.Colinabia Uluju.theshapeexperienceits re-lag a vessel to annonsee the eomlag of thedors is to manifest la this nuam«r his < highof tlie Ametican Govenuaaot. No other aiit,"andall suchbills haveThey viill live as long,to HaD to thell s oge«i» ...i . p~ifTa Europe," are matters about which the giving its attention to the location of the City of the crew of the Paltefffttes acbooiMr, fnimmarenca ofmembers,thereresources of the most fertile region of Europe, to fix the fare at any figure consistent both the Sanara.The export of wlieat eontlnaasits might Albanyallowed to prate in Parliaments and to prose ington Heightsin dispatches. The achievement of Italian in- son-square. Bnt one of its most prominent and comes by this vessel. She wHl naai]^ hen o^U ft*like the—that he owned a«~i —AM manlfeatattoo of good leeltakc oa tba part af V~rRepublic,bewhenitislookedatfromtheforegroundofthe The ofthatwouldbeincreasedbythe toentertaintheirvliitott,hoplncOaMirtosjustlyfairly comprehendedJapanese goverament, aad win do eieiyflri^ I the Incrative trade wideh has already ~~Future. For the— ^whetherItaly had become simply "a geographical reported to consolidate all the City Railroads. These diggings are said to be as ileh as at the oc^ nal opening of the same lead. LaiMxen are -^Mafwith itsgovemment of centuries has created, betweenare concerned.France, and not with Italy. In permittingproudly Italiai,Amnfiemeuts.\Vallack$» TiieATRK.—There is a kind of re-spectable pie ;e— a fort of drama of well-dressed butout- number, by nearly two millions, the populationresolved andof the of his Italian dominions hereditary— srbeming soci cty whichTheatre,' and aowhere else.KXTIKSION or 'The California vU the Baitv- Telegraph line,the seat of thewillsimplest and uninteres icg, but polite and well-bred. With aand between the nial schemer. A thread so taut and straight admits of no fitstnamea points wllT admit of very ranW travaUag. wreckad. The arrival of of property which lies at the basis of all gov- ever seen ;^while the strength shown by Europe has chosen that for the present Ve- Ingenious entanglement, and hence we look to the The Urlff from St. Louis to Springfield. Mo, 1« sev-washostile legislation, as that general liw fiercest Presidential contest this country hasindicativeofthe stormiestprospective,convincinghimthattheladyofhischoiceisamatrimo- SanFranciscototendays,asthe roadsin the Vatican condemns two millions more ofcratic vote was very heavy, and a correspond- Italians, for the present, to the vexations of ning to end, attempts anything higher thin a politefidence of success. In Connecticut the Demo-which at snotlier house wouldUSr?^ i^ ""y ofBt Paul's and the Cblnm- t which countenances the assumption that as favorable for the Democrats as was that for his nearest relations, who hope by driving him jaw. Mrs. Hon, as the step-mother, contrived bytome unaccountablemost franticBulea and hogs are property to use the words the people of Connecticut are Kepnblican in compel his abdication in favor of his ambitiousknownMcLuis,excesses of despotism Territory yhas been ueertaiaed of Mr. Wmhaix. It does undoubtedly recog- sentiment, and that they will vote for the Be- brother, the Count be Team, are rapidly rous-atarea are property precisely as lands, horsesj Governor. The result, however, indicates that into the —tomeans,only elegant, butshould ing the Vesuvius of the South to an erruptionlently and by isgilicstion. But it gives not the occur to withdraw a portion of the party which will doubtiess sweep every vestige of them, snd mere episodes became domestic epochs bynize StoVeiy; Intt it does even that only si- publican candidate, unless 'nalmeaningas thisactress over hoveredGen. MisAuoa was the retreating towardssomethingcolor or .ooaotennce to the doctrine strength from his support. In Bhode Islaad the Bourbon dynasty from the Peninsula. InsterlingCapital. The Juare? forces were so nearly oat of powder that it is believed had HiaAJfoa remained lo^er he wouldthat sUves are onfy pfO DH f/that they are tothe election shows that the Democrats—and Con-Venice, in Rome, in Naples, the present is fulltion of the broad wearinea of his part,but 1b the;of troubles, the future uncertain and ominous.h*»» w»e of the vious inference is that the Bepublicans must To conjure, or to control the storms which which it wonld be abwlntely nothing. To these two Indianola brongM to aa anchor off the dty a hasfcservatives nnited can carry the State^^sBi»eeogen- rrightsnrldchbelongtopersom^"^^M>- presentthatunion,iftheyhopetosecurethe mustsoonerorlaterbreakfromtheblacknessia rote. of Aostrian brutality, Papal imbecility and trary, with studied and electoral,__ Kr.Naii.-whom tba King ihot, stiU and every aUaaion which itelicited meirimeot by g-lm^cing soaae w^comeIeachdeUberatb^ipoae, makwtoXheOoBTontioaaoftbetwogreat partiesUntitled Documentare BouibonThomas M. Tryniski 309 South 4th Street Fulton New York 13069.tyranny,wintask te tbe uttermostwearinglUshandsconstantlyin bispockets.ForoneTtebarkbocetheSpanishcolors.;theob-elaboiatlon23dmonth of the Convention. are SuggestionsOregonianreceived opbdon that they are rich and eztenslra.constantiy thrown out in the South Carolinaquestion. It indicates reality. Savoy, which belonged to France journals of Uie propriety of being prepared for having been subscribed for that purpose.importantduties towardEmanuel began their southward progress intorlferous qututz had been found. The ffver had beaa pott yaaterday. 8be railed from St. Helena, under upon which they are placed, and upon the slaves, to abandon all thought of treating power and into fame, has always been and hended ? Do the Charieston people anticipate in- prospected ninety miles, snd foasd rich as far as ak- dtaitarof the British Government, March 15, with which they are to lie maintained by the' them as persons, of respectiog their rights, still is an essentially un-Italiah State. The sults, disorder and assault from the Conven- amined. Gold diggings had also been discover^ •3n Africans, (which had been captured from adavarby the United States steimers Mystic and.FtUl^) for Fort Spain, Trinidad, where they wereInAti, basing an addition of one by birth. Capt. of shams or the most flagrant injustice. In. the same level ^\ith their horses, lands, mules struck root at once in Uie instincts and affoc- Wwaus brings home a boat, the onlv relic ofimworthytionA^of the peoplesomethingduringcountsfrom ttwas rlAaa- Simllkamen, where, said,to- be offered to them from some of their own un-getheror do fear that violence theymaynear FortThe Assessors'make the white;ruly spirits?popolatlaathese andneedless.will all to be proveempty Victoria for London, with $(SO,OCIO wi»th of foia Ik theHudsonBayCompany.The Indians on Tancoaver's Island wento$140; steerage,$Mi.Theteralas,Itlain the were notIn otherto have ttco City Halls instead of one, and of noonee that the Japanese— iof the bill as it standsit is the 11th of vU theand Pebraaiy, BaadwIAthat thetigating Committee has been questioning one saysfind their auttiority for such a proceeding.Theresolutionwhich their di- prescribes task,rects no inquiry into the affairs or the man-toria hadto the Frarsr River ndnea.rsOMTBISABDWICBISLAHOe.^ason Wash-totheAreUr,without Interett, and with ao aaiai warthy ef ipublic and isTheThe latestComstock lead, a mile and a half from TIrgliila City.beenof theof which the Times does not form a part. They King KiiMZHAiiXHA bad returned to Hoaoluln framS!ie doesof the entire Ital- so, and effectsa change In the gentleman's feelings by Compsny to reduce tlie time between New-Yorkthingsprovoke locked-interesting,— an achievement 'Which we regard as marvelous.commencedbefore Vera Craz on tha """T'og of March 21.'have soeeeeded U Oe city. eajtailngDrearywastes oflanguage bloomeU with nice mater-artistsdressed ilka a impersonatedJaaoker— aad of Alvaihda.belong piece.abuUer,and whichithadeaptnredsootbward,lathenelghhgw*. sonnrta*.mWBMfc tkeThe Overland ndl^oaeh. with ietal«^Lt|i,IYork, ami FUra, fnaaBnag Kconfidence In Waalue is discevetyreported Is anewstrikecattheOregon and Washington Teiiltuiy , to urge Co^iaaa to build the Pacific Railroad from St Panl te fts C^ lumbia lUver, on the of that tbatioiis for opening a wagon-road to the nUaas, thesession. What TheWashingtonptpers-alsocontainfavorableao-bringColvlUe.of bleabout70,060,aad thetaza--Victoria CoUmUt:Since the lat ofiice In afit ofjealousy. VVAliGl^cros'8birthdaywasveiKrallycelabntsdatHonolulu. TradetherehadbeeovatydallfgrttMH months.Ifield Overland Mallroute,was extended toSfrta^each additional word.From Mexice.EAMCS-AKOTHEETXSStL CAPTOaXD BT ACthe United at Vera Cruz;WithtelegraphicMinister, had aot anivedtrnpaiailatbnmgijaad www.fultonhistory.com 