 14$f%*aee that on the 1st of October, at the battle of the Governor-General of Lithuania, "had'caused sub- this week. Its length is out of proportion to the 'he could'have stopped Ciuldini from crossmgthe tr.r. . Nice Jtmily man is F . J. " library has consented to deliver to the conference **> Vottnrno, Francis H . must have had above scrij ticn8 to be op<-ned for a ball, which the autocrat 'l^ie Prince o\ "Wales has got safely back to En- '.'all t i e impious romance*, and other frivolous«$* . v.& a -'"of the country rnto oue strong independent and coii- atftutjoiial kingdom, Austria, is becoming from day to day worse coniounued. The liuugunuus be- come every day more daring in their opposition to Austria; tliey take advantage of the concessionsafter tbe perloimanee of the Divine seivice;, in the veftries, without the exclusion, however, of otherI **|*kdelusions remedupon the prospect of an Aus-the visit to the tunnel, the humor of the Czar had been excellent, and since his decline to be presentlogicalletitejr to the"editor above referred to, arguingDonJuau do Bourbon; who has of late generously,are a religious society, and Catholic proponandismllib has not been a lioyal progress of the type knowr,fcTEEIRg£ATB;OF-BDROPE.trWinterventionJ&M^ AFFAIRS lk ITAIiY.•/TUKIK, November J:*!, 1860. After tfcc battle of the 3d, when Gen. Soonaz tMrniirrt in occupying Mob* di Gagta, & ooo-V,'in^*<^l^'^**'n^:r::a'n'^ tfto 'P^oee' Regent of ^stateof things.-•• On his^retnrn*0$i^ *BWJifp«Kw! fdr^ermore fitly -born oh a Fourth Prussia fuJlY. (shafe4 the apprebensiops felt'.''by. ichief of the gendarmerie^ Prince Bathoruki. hnviug |, ilor^biis•replied at length, iV^^^jk^0^^a^jaf'muuftitp (the work of the families, tbe work of the roldiert) arid So toith. / * - 'awrcLtut t-hip, aud JLieut.-Coi. Medici, and Tti r atd Cosenz, are now lieutenant-Generals of ihe Ecyal ltanan Army over the bead of their former stprriois. In the lower ranks this change is sull greater, liany an efficer who was dismLui-«d from tU« Bang's army in 1'iedmout, is*e^uei.<c of mo^t Fevtie and threatening orders con- cated Victor Emanuel. But the most orthodox of mies. The church party has weakened itself very teenth century brought to life again. The So- finilar «i <:iui iti.n< e^. On Uie ani 'afof the truops atveyed to-every householder by a policeman. The 1he Catholic Powers have become for the Pope but much ly its alliances, here in France, in exact ciety of St. Vincent de Paul, imitating the lan- Blo!o,(U tl.e e\ei.i g of,.the 3d, the General plantedcftivitits ot tLe first day were wound up with ,a vain piotestnnte, They protest against Victor and proportion as it has strengthened Napoleon. Open- guage of adepts of alchemy, calls the general bi t ai-inclecannon to, ba i a'o.tie.rvtdfrour.Garig-;' ;»sw i«tur,miig to a. higher rank in the samearmy, much vo the displeasure of the steady dis- and the functionaries, were presented to the Czar.(^ntp^oie^fedballhod,beforebisarrivalat/Wilna,.tent"thesoldiersiMCbmajiro _„.,„__„„ „ .that-the-*•$•:NEW-YORK DAILY TRroUNE, SATURDAY, DECEMBER% 1860. »*««f»ftuTrebnquiBbedalllit claimsopentheNeapolitan The(Eutf*(worfc),asIstatedbefore,issubdi-thfone in*favcr of-Victor-Emanneb - 1^00^^ vided-inlo .the, different, catog^them that Fraucia J o s e p h ^ ^oi^te*tfcre, no**' cofii'Mcd'-feT.^y 'S^^^^^^^^^S^^^^^ \l^eit^«mf^et[cat and blow tArtiugh! with Srtili rftGarihaldiOdti^Nopk*^ in simple Jted shirt and gray Cturrfi$f which mostly devolve upon different boards; aBow himselftteri^i^ed out;of bisdefen^ hecltb,there'wasnothingtoindicatethattheEm:ileiy,cbjhnthoroughfaresformissionariesthrougha!i trowEers,rirfUsing;marsbalatesandknightly;<»rders, denominated-afterthe"specifictasksimposedupoa'tiTeattitufcr:v'',--;'"Vr. 'Xr-fi'.^k ::?^peforwouldshowhimself'tob^aware?of;ftberei»I?f&i*ofiGhmafirstsVBis7Gr^''kaa'gi^t'rafwl;fo^'•nntf'^aiB^d'awayv^ooF^l^ard''theWashington-(as them,as"*&<tutre dcifamilies, ViKuvre desv bandedover to him two dispatches, the.Czar, after | style,'acd-more show of argxuneut, than usually. Re was i^%^^^^I^^^^M^30^}° t n erfaerable portion of the Neapolitan army was gary and the three parts of. divided Poland. If "lowing' Words,-;?;itr•'.' KusBian,^ to • Domeyko: The brcaeh; between the Church party and the there. The island is a small affair, situate north- ber of thefc^Knetyarrives, be is followed by aa incoH-*ij£ trying to force their way book to the King, J Italian possessions, should give rise to simulta-five cent*. Iu every .conference a library is es- tablished, 1 lacing *a certain number of books of •very description at the disposition of tbe fenailiea guceoied.The Society's own publications are very nutneroris. Tale for instance, "The Manual of tbe Society;"* c y took to their keels, and, from the upper ©arrigliano, marched straight to the Kbtnan territory. The P?edmonte*te pursued them in feat haste, but were unable to overtake them. Their rapid march led them quit*-into the heart wt theRemanprovince, Cie*erna, wherethey •arrendcred to the first French detachment they"Lithuania is not Poland. All my inclinations had tfcijt Ntpolcon hnB been obliged to observe toward fishermen (a sort of Italian. Block-Island), and Ki;rigneous revolutionary movements in Hungary and ** been;in favor of this countrj*, as I have proved on th<im, giown wider.'.than ever. It would, however, Garibaldi^ farm. The farm brings in about threeGalicio; or if, without Austria being involved 44 difierent oeeasions. Now,,there remains nothing be|an• error to infer that this party has become moire hundred dollars, annually—which sum, by the way,'in an Italian war, Hungary and Galicia should "for yon but to try gaining my good will anew." fojinidable to the Government, or that Louis Napo- wns nearly the exact amount thrit this filibuster andbecome serious and palpable objects of disqui- The situation, then, has now become intelligible. leep's,'position is weakened by its action; on the oxrcictator of the Two Sicilies carried away in bis etude, Russia has bound herself to occupy, in such Lithuania knows at last that national institutions ceiitraiy, it is strengthened. grr.y troweerls pocket from Naples. Young ex-One 1 rincipal iEntre is the printing and distrib- Angina in regard to the state of things in Hun- their pefuRiil,, frowned, and ^addressed the."Toi mark M.Grnndguillot's leaders. planting of some fruit and forest trees on his land uting e»f JeBuitical'"publications. Wherever a mem-it**, to the great astonishment of its commander, an amy into Bohemia, if a disposition to insurrec- ly Alexander than before by Nicholas. Fine phrases npdji him by the necessities of a wise and prudentNaples.who saw before him a complete army corps—fivetion should obtain in tbe ranks of the Czech nobility.' will no longer deceive anybody. Lithuania is aware i polity. Kone but the willfully blind or.wotully ig:that in 1858^ the Czar Alexander addressed its re- j norijnt, do not now see that if Jae carried tpe eIl a m e n t s of••idier*, and two batteries of artillery—altogether •bout 16,01.0 men. ttrey had to lay down their arms, and Were sent back to Naples, with the maderitanding that within .a fortnight they could either go to their respective , homes, or enterYktorEmanaePsservice.Now,asthegarrisontame-sortofdisappointmentwhichhadso.sorely as" Capua was found, after the capit/lution of tried his temper during his stay at Warsaw. Some fee 2d, to. consist of twelve thousand men, we time before the arrival of the Czar, Count Nazimom,cavalry,about tenthousand footfincment, is much of an invalid. .While her husband' no more engaged in the circubtion and propagation 'consultation, who advised, to clear their responsi- destruction of "bad" literature, glorying to imitatefianfca, he has done his utmost to prevent; pot fool- ter J. ridencc in Madeira. F . Joseph heard of this turie's of Christian supremacy, who did everytiiing ish enough to attempt the steniining of the popular at Warsaw, and felt (officially) micommorrly bad ;ntheir power to extirpate the j>oleuiical writingsofabout it. F . Joseph is passionatoly arid ex-oflicrally she pjgan philosophers. In No. 137 of tbe IhUUtin 1860. way]he-badbrainsenoughtoletitrun,watehiugthedefenderoffamilyorder,-.Sec..F.J.comesdeluSocUtt, theIJishopofPerigueuxsaystor The long-talked-of report of Gen. Larrioricicre clcEfon the bank. To say, as was so often said, homo frcm Warsaw, and spends six days out of the :nffarce, " At Vill. -Keuvosur-Lott, we have suc-thatihe could have stopped Garibaldi's expedition to eight or ten preceding bis invalid wife's departure " cieeded in founding a Christian library, and ara on his campaign, ard so forth, is published here £ic|y by crdcrwg Vietor Emanuel to stop it; that onthiR long journey in shooting chamois in the coun- "glad to leani that the proprietor of a circuhitim;!These stipulations, agreed upon inregard to the prospective revolutionary movements in Hungary, Uibcia and Bohemia, appear to have been the main 44.result of the meeting of the three Northern poten- tates. "A letter I have just received from Wilna fuByproves that the Czar Alexander, on his recent jour-ney, met in the. old capital of Lithuania with the Vr*m Ovx Ow» Ccrre#p«Ei]t;Dt. ' ' .tornnt, be tried to guide it; unable to gu.ide it histlnjrn JOr the moment; but, sitting on the safety^ as vin showing why he could not longer defend vah;e does not secure crew or engineer from explo- then the 1C0 Hungarian Huzrars, supported on sia, the Duke of Weimar, and the Princes of Wtir- Anccns. In doing this he attacks other powers Hori—nsKapoleon knows and regrets-^-as captain.ar.rious at his stayiEg out so long. Society enter on a crus.ide against anti-Jesuit pu|>- T i e Fir press of the French, under the name of lications and the writings ot the 18th century, so Hihe.• Countess de la Motte Beuvon, is traveling in that the latter are more and more disappearing fronxbaldian*, who fought without any other cavalrytabty ot the Lithuanians, dispatched letters of invi- tation to the Princes Charles and Albert of Prus-laaJricinl lifrefentatier, which the Czar, and his agaiLEt Garibaldi, but 111e cureful riot to stand in the :lii.no fci d to reply to tbe fire of the Sardinian ahiim. of the tope's temporal power, but of all the retro- autre is subdivided into different categories of On Sunday moining, November 4, three rifled cunoda,five Gem at guc stf. honored with their presence. Way of those leaders and their men. A regiment orly setting itself foiward as the champion, not merely. aim of its activity VCEutre (the Work), whichgrade doctrines of the political order—equally the L -pbunders'i we;e placed in position, and a Swiss bat-On the following day, after tbe celebration of. the tv>o of profane troops would be preferred by his !•< h b;ats, tie so-called "body" of the nobility, Holiness to all thisverbal piety. He may well eom-jlain of them; lor they have helped to get him into the scrape from which they only protest that beam res (works). The central power over the t iy wfct-likeWi e j.la««;d on the sea-shore. On the champion ol Francis II. and king Pius, auu Francis Society is swayed by its chief, Father Villefort, tfi«moon of tte 3d tl e Sardinian fleet f>egan to born- Josej h and the Duke of Modonu; eq.uully the pro- laid M< hi, a town of fiom 8,0J<) to 19,000/rahabitants. pugner of Napoleon and Garibaldi and national- a Provincial of the Jesuit order, residing at TJ e fire of the batteiy wan, of course, .very feeble, butities and free thought—it has arrayed against itself' Kerne. On the death of Father Roothan, the s< n e si«te, 1 evertl elers, rx-acl ed the ships, whicli Septand its allies whatever is modern and hberai, along late Jesuit-General, Father Beck and Father attbegieaiett d<siaiue pos»iible. The bombardmentuith Louis Napoleon. Villefort were the two candidates for the, vacant caufceu J.gnat ecttruetiofi to tbe houses, and but bttle lu:8 10thetr«»eps. Tie rick in Ins,iuil were abont Weuresillagreednow,ofwbutIlittledoubteda pest; but Beck, formerly intrusted with the to le iemo\ea to G.era, when the King, whofortnight ago, that war is staved "oil* till Spring. education of Francis Joseph, the Austrian Em- believed that t: e Fteuch fleet would have .opbnariaLS. Wh« n a reward was to be paid torso But what a striking difference from the presentation• magLrie^nt a gift us the kiugdoru of JSa- tLathad taken place only two years ago! If, in ought to be got out. Had all the Catholic Powers•jJts, it was haruiy the thing to quewtion theiit- 1e£8, a very great number of noblemen had allowed told the Pope what that ambiguous Christian but neSftot the cfficeisuy wbomOunbaldr achieved his thtrtfcelvte to.Le deceived by promises hold out of a veiy shrewd.worldly man, Louis Napoleon, has,been Jsbulous ouett s«. As it happened wi.h Coiunibus, Letter futuie, on the present occasion the train of U l.n-g him any time these past ten years, he might plentyolp«o^u>arenowlounuwhodeclaretauttae innctiqearieswasbutsparingly inte.rmingled-with pcsuli)havereformed^his.governmentandsavedhis «H»*y wji\ oy whicb tim conquest Was made its tne ouie lew fcycopkants of power, and some iutimidutcd estates. The say that this, his late (now, apparent-eulnble bostot little trnctB at fabulously cheap price*. 4'want it to be known, here and abroad," that Italy, nnd to the policy of attendance and sufferaiux some two thousand five hundred inhabitants, mostly Thus, for instance, an illustrated weekly is sold aftmt off from the fortress of Gaeta; but, instead an attack upon Austria, in her still remaining VT |am^f||i^Dfru^d% with; the nobility.- I G'iverimierit has, owing to the course of events in enit of Corsica, north-west of Elba, containing :an emergency, by armed force, the whole of Galicia will not he granted to it, corresponding to the histor- For observe that what Napoleon has .donet and King Francis has been giving himself groat merit, •*1 ectures and Counsels,"' *.' Manuals of the Sold-and,,ifneedbe,the''strategicalpointsofHungary. icaltraditionsofthecountry,andthateveryaspira- forbornetodo,inregardtoItalyforthepasttwo inaSolemndocument,publishedtoallEurope,for On her part, Prussia has obligated herself to miurcb tion to such an aim is not less severely condemned ycajVCnotto go further back), has been imposed rot baring stolen5 away much of anything fromier,'? "The "Working-Man," "The Laborer?"" T h e Mothers of Families," etc. There4414 the reception I have met with on your part, and Iralini p<.wder-mogazine, where it was burning w a s gone to W'nrsawy Aunt Sophia called doctors in of f* good" hteratuic, than iu the suppression andprcsentntives in these words:,you will ab3o find reason to remember my grati- steauiJy, jdarminglylow, threatening certain revolu--.tudeown, •• idea*;! w b'u ii -2'lir o • Oiti er ' is ro ileeb< . jPCtcri th*t g • tro,' y •< wuAri ;.and id- ba* <ii ' t h e 11Moni-1 • -Tar it - B-.t\-Tftr;t; powd nad U rir«>i^•ntLs< nan •.* "For r-4 '""gaped " the'OS >.pcir,te /In itx, their - ten ib •V.wbst"Everj , •TIP**', 1of the .^nt.lit heptju• apjrt < - 'wilLb lav*-, irevtr • Theyl cidno •• t:-.e> ^ mentl lavon ?rotei lercAFFAIRS IN FRANCE.ta* whole by two cannons, Naples might have -ternberg and Hesse-CasBcl, who were to witness his than Piedmont; he hits at the French Govern- Victor Emanuel knows and rejoices—-as Garibaldi in Great Britain, will probably go visit Duchess of the puLlic.bookbtanJs.atfd even of t i e great barracks close to the Royal >"*lace. An eye-witness who ou that day (Sept. 7) r»ee at the s k e of Garibaldi told me yesterday that ••thing cut Id he mote thrilling than - that ncene. l i e people, mad with delight, shouted their cowans to Garibalui as he galloped through the streets straight to the r*alace, well aware toat the euemy was at a few yards distance. They came near the karxacks; tk«-y saw a hie of the Bourbou soldiers beloie the gule; they heard the rattling of the mus- k e t s ; oi.e momeLt more and a vvlley might huve boon trod at the adventuroun horsemen. Garibaldi lacked steadily on the troops and shouted *' Yioabalance in a very doubtful lawsuit she had carrwd about 8,01.0 men, that these were in large part, Italy, he could not easily Lelp. All that he has got Niks F, i8 ardently in favor of the Suez Canal, whicn iutiouuccd features'of its own, the most curious of on for many years; another was reminded of the materially. to show for it, as yet, is Savoy and Nice. L01 d Paimtrstdn detests. - which i s the revived pilgrimages to tbe Holysweet xottxtmrs of by-gone Imperial intimacy. The ill-armed, undisciplined, poorly officered, andmove sicceeOd, but could two ladies fill a cewaidlyi He docs not restrain his feelings of Those-- two.acquisitions, whatever else their value - And here is a curious rarebit to close with.utation of noblemenon the errand of entreating the- FHalia, tiUru « una /'* and the Bourbouists pre- Czar to rescind his resolution and return to .hisllanilton, ber husband's cousin, in Scotland; trav- . Cf the other particular CEutres of the 8o««-ty els in strictest incognito; is not in any way alarnririly ranks in the first line the dispensation of charity; ill bealth. Prince Napoleon and his very proper' enlisting the 'sympathns of the masses. There is,young wife, Princess Clotilde, are to travel south- moreo\er, the iLuzre de Saint Francois Regis, des-general reader. Ky dear General, he is a man (J.vtre dts tuteJtcx, interfering with the claims of ofnnrk, much locked up to, and trembled be- o.pbM8 and widows; there exists an (Euvre for fore by his sunoundere, as were doubtless in their facilitating the realization of outstanding debts; the tin e Luke Shammah and I)uke Jeush, and Duke (lutrt des mUitaire*, enlistingsoldierB for tbedae at> JaiiJam (who, you may be sure never dreamed tendance at the Holy Mass; the CSuvre de patronage,tlie obstinancy of tlie Polish ladies. The Governor- ranean, a great ri.aratime power, which, leagued thiit their names Would be ever unknown or hrck- v bie-h indoctrinates, control^, and patronizes ywm$G<xeraleuwnowayoutofhisdistressingposition, monteven,andFrance,andrightsofnationshad wjthEighr.d(toff.y nothiigofalhed withGer- irginhistoricluster;nomore,forthatmatter,itis woikingmcii^thecXuvredesroyageurs, bywhich'whilethe projected ball was to take place within a made him believe), until near the end of the cam- many), must;hold France effectively in check. New likely, did Bur and Buz, and Pildash and Hozo, thedocnty distiibuU's p^ssp^rrisot its own, recom-week. With all the official power vested in his paign, that he was safe from attack on the side of Italy is to be the balancing power inthe bulance of aid Jidlnph, aU of whom were of excessively old n.ending itstiav.li, g members to the affiliated con-fereon, he found himself unable to recruit, among Euupean powers, in ceitaiucases; in any case can Pell-L,vei« tt family and connections in their* days). ferences, aud serving as letters of credit to tho wan-the Polish ladies, two patronesses, or even two Umbria arid the Marches; that he would have only tobe the balancing power between France aud En-dancers. Under these circumstances, heroic do v,kh -Garibaldi's forces. The implication is that gland, of which last-named coUutiy it will soon be, NikjeTegeufsir is, for short, King of Abyssinia, and 'Want which the Society does not supply, no socialneiisuies were reeoited to. One of the great ladies he could have coped with them. But by his own pei La} s, more 44 the natural ally" than Austria. l e hiiS written, ergot somebody in the court who interest vvbich irdoesnot deal with, and no meAns of propaganditm w hich it does not apply. It has evenkeen retaken on that day by King Francis. Now enthusiastic reception in Lithuanin, the birth-place ment, repeats the old story about the famous ix4 fireman's sbilt knows and throws more fuel into of tbe Jagelions. The so-auxiousljexpected mo- tb«j fire; as poor oldTKing Pius does not know, anda* has'only three to five thousand men at his ment drew nearer, the Emperor was to arrive, and dispatch, hits at the Papal Government, shows cannot learn, mistaking the modern steam statecraftdisposal, one frigate, and two smaller steamers, aad bis position has become desperate. . Such being, tire case,, there is scarcely any doubt that within a few days the ill-fated youth will have to leave that kingdom which was won by the sword in two battles by his great-grandfather in 1737, and is lost now in the same, way, because misrule has so long oppressed the people.After the battle, Victor Emanuel made his tri- umphant entry into Naples; but great as the en- flkagiat-m was oh that occasion, it could not equal feat displayed at the entry of Garibaldi, exactly two months previous, when the gallant Dictator,accompanied by only seven,friends, rode"into_the Hoyal Palace while the Bourbon. garrison wereNazimcfi, the Governor-General, opened his cam- that its administration is miserably defective. for:the old slave gallies of tbe middle ages, whimming,tined to legitimate and consecrate illicit union* be-After reading, this report one can,well understand geed old-fashior:ed soul, that he sits safe in his Holy whose auspices the arrangements for the intended why the' Papal Government put objections to its tee beci ute it is so far astern, hardly startled from festivity were' to be prepared. But great was publication; and that they were only laid aside his fundamental error at sight of woe to bis wrath on being informed that all the ladies ap- hrfconrd and to starboard. \Np one can sup-ward—Jet us h< pe, for her sake,, far enough south toget sifiht and hand-ghake and hearty buss of andfrom Uufi", rather immoral, father Victor--.Emanuel. fanrilhsydcBtined to furnish to the families supportedpaign by appointing the bid)-patronesses undertween tlie.two sexes; the (Euvre de Vavo&it des Nikas Tegoussir—• who the Shaitan is he ? quoth the the means of going to b w when nee;essary; thepointed by him declined to come forward, and ex- when its author"made known his purpose to have pot'e, after thinking :a wbile over French his- cufed themselves from attending the ball on different it printed in. Belgium. The document fills sixteen toiy, that Louis Mapoleon desired, any more than pleat, such as deficient toilet, failing health, and newspaper columns; it is hardly worth analyzing'. any other French statesman, monarchical or, re- fcinilar frivolous pretexts. Entreaties, menaces, publican minister, that there should, grow upOne or two points in it are noticeable. The Gen-stratagtms, cajoleries, tli were wasted in vain on eral fctarts with the thesis that be believed (Pied- ai) where in Europe, least of all the Mediter-~*t.}l in possession of the forts overlooking the town, got an intimation that the Emperor might turn tbe shewirg he could at best bring into the field but What Napoleon has done, and let be done for fc'EQWJK hew to w rite, to Mr. F . Lesseps to say that he,Lall-iotm able to contain the nobility arid the public functionaries of three provinces? l i e Governor-General could not help dispatch- ing to St. Petersburg a telegram in which- heKe^eje wordi" and gives more than one proo.' thatn.aj be to France, reconciled the nation to the E u i y l c c y has read cpenly or secretly something ofItalian war, which of itself and for its ostensible He "terrible sad tragedy of La Cenci. When the ' CI in Belgium, 379 in Spain, 98 in Germany, 75 in pietcxts teas nor, in the time of it, at all a popular peer beautiful r.i.*l who was innocent, and ber Holland, 67 in Sardinia, 42 iu Ireland, 27 in En- war, although blench popular patriotism applauded b) other who was guilty but excusable, had .been ex- gl nd, 26 in Itely, Jl in Scotland, and 51 in Algeria, its victories. What Napoleon seemed to lose by ecuted on charge of having killed their intensely the Colonies,arid the United States."»«ry r .eje' "WOll tie h pro«-««well COlQe call c» the x ore ai rot in k&in an ex] the pt exi-f.<" }(cbgi feu<i* CeJcitgave an account of the state of things at Wilna, he ought. In fact, it is evident from the General's the war was the lavor of the ardent ultramontane v iefced old father, the estates of the family wore, The aggregate number of the people attached toatd received an imperial answer, calling to mind the rej oit that, if Le always used as severe words us be church party, which, from 1851 onward, hud done at Cr$t indirectly, afterward fuly, confiscated to tbe St. Vine* nt de Paul is supposed to amount toattale of the fox and the grapes. His Majesty the ought to use, the report would have read very mueh him yeoman's service as an aby, but was becoming, benefit of the Borghcse family. The famous Villi lrnpt ?0(i,Ct<J souls, of whom about 300,000 belongCzar declined to. accept the invitation to honor the like an intolerably long article, in a naughty Liberal bud indeed beioie lc!57 become, a somewhat bur- L'orglcse, at Borne, of which so many of you have lo France alone. Yet the association of St. Vin-projected ball by big presence. Then an abortive at- or rcvolutiduaiy journal, against the temporal demomc, exact.ngally, of which he was somewhat walked: in the gardens, was part of that estate. cent d<* Paul is only the most important of numer-tempt ,w'c8 niaae at sending to St. Petersburg a dep-pewt-r of tbe Pope. -Lamoiiciere has-returned to Paris on a tonbitteily leehtg the need of declaring and showing ous laical benevolent societies enrolled under the su- .1 be C'erici fiimil} have ever.siuee kept in a sor; cf.himself independent. But to declare his independ- life their claim to the estate by certain, legal :o-ms preme command of the Jesuit order. There exist sented arms and joined in the shout. oiigirtl inteutioLS. The Governor-General then meatus' leave of absence. He was warmly wel- ent e on them he .needed the support of their end'prbteetsi The story goes now that ihe actual the SccUt6 de Saint Francois XavUr, that of the- .The hero has now finished the most daring and prepared tvej)t.Lhg for a great hunting cntertain- comed by the partisans of tbe cause he has been oppbeents the liberals, the,44 Volturians," as'the n iile rej referitative of that tragic Cenci fain ly, Propagation de lu fui, and soforth.mcfct brilliant part of his career. He has depositedhi* cou.u.aitd and dictatorial authority in the handsof the King, not without some hopes that he mightment, o.c. r a :.ll 1 i functionariestokepp themselves fighting lor, i. e., by legitimists and political ultra- 44 pikUly party" call their opponents. (_Excuse me fr'iiJkirg that an.oug other new things coining to li 11 he eonsim ieu that in France the ultramon- r*ady for a bi.L'he intendtd giving on his own ac- montanes. He has grown stout and gray, they say, for using the.se party names, neither of which is Ken e nay le legal juiitice, 'purposes to push his tane party e;jo)S the exclusive right of association, C4.ui.t, had some obscure individuals thrown into in the Papal service. From the fact of bis having nicely apt to the 'parties that impose them on each claim vigorously before tbe proper tribunal there. and has for itself sequestrated all the liberty of the prison^ and seemed altogether uudecided whether, to received a ten months' furlough, it would seem that other.] 1 bis. support he bus now acquired: the Tbe drye»-t court forms will catch an odor of ro- jircssj tbe immense power it wields will be justlyFaihei Tftdy"Ihe He i at jtildeje a > y CM syn-pat r»snoetopinion iuurclr in ty*TM find iit! WeIcon de\ici'« danifd' buc: h Cati'oU bao "> 1 by all 1 acmidJ review acd eo) and tL< eeivfd iim to to bit g •n-C!* 1 atncO'/ never 1 That 1 narrc Oueeo of 1 eis not t ter:ti«-ri ni ety' wbicij to be j mot«rt own. o>h 8 Oal as'.'the iu e H re re.eit bi io r«i b<r ice, H 'Tuen'01 n .1j< r\.'•««jtcd: bear W; •Wc «> i f-lH "A .IJ «hciite<eo bfoa me bioiCOSDThen jHo-An'^the } urj tbat vici •f ruati] jcit«» 1beThe t nonb« op iogfrtainortl? wj trict.i-&\"SKVI \uri ingana, vil!.. .-•,. Zahl« «;ftbis po{ and (if< poruU'ribelintrustea with the civil and military commaud oftie Pope had given up the idea of sustaining his e3stia\ugar.c<-8 of the ultramontanee; their union and bis too opeuiy expressed hatred against Count fection, or w hether to give them shape and cousis- minister of the gospel of peace and of the war with the legitimists; the joining with them of someap; rt cititod. 1 d its other immense privilege's, Louis ISaioleon has added that of dispensing charity on athe Xwo biciues; but the blunders of his friends, n.tt-k and ignore the still vague symptoms of disaf- tLuky throne by bayonets. Yet Bishop Merode,»OiiOUT and >urini, made such a step impossible, teuey ly < fficinl rebuke*. fetil, Garibaldi's noble heart does not yearn forarmy. His pursuit of that impossibility is a com- mendable/instance of .perseverance, under difficul- ties; har/her censors mi:y style it idle obstinacy.tion for a moment with the extravagant protectiou-irtt—all these things have in a son made of Louis IN FRANCE. Katolcoii a national leader, as against unpopular From an OccasJonal Correspondent. j.aitie^ of the mass of modern, generous, liberalmen, of the actively thoughtful appreciation of theprinciples of. the great Itevolutiou, and of the un-THE NEAPOLITAN ARMY.T i e following letter from GaGta, of the 9th insi^ gives «n inteiehtipg account of the operations of ther»i.k, wealth or honors. He refused every re- o%m|>ense cfieied to him, aud ho with- drew, a modern Ciucidiiutus, to his wild island of Caprera, without asking for anythingSleanw bile, at 3 o'clock in the afternoon of the 13th ol October, the'cannon announced to tbe in- halitants of Wilna the arrival of the Czar. TheUhe rumor revives again that the Pope will leave Rome presently for foreign parts, which might be aP A R I S , Oct. 1% 1860.In his report to the French Senate, of May Neapolitan urtuv:mance in euch atrial.department,; is trying to reorganize a little Papal of the old Orleauist leaders; their accidental coali- KELIGiOUS CHAPJTABLE ASSOCIATIONS national sa-le. VlAeLLes to tie teiminus were.overrun by the func-set out from Uettoa on the 9th of May, he leit Na- tioLarief; and the populace, mostly consisting of Isra- gctd move enough if there was any way of getting ibiukiLg, at least uuanalv zing, mass of instiuctivo called Laical Benevolent Societies at 2,596, of mott tay ti ut i» L. in lull oirja^lution. brace tne dayeither fur himself or bis friend*. As poor as no hadplesohtheytbotJNovember,alterhuviugiio.t-vltef,andcexteroutJymauagedandexcitedbytheback. Awhileagoitwasthoughtbysomethat.acceptors,ofmociemideas. Evenrepublicans, \%binbtdztiiolofctii.spi1teueuvfuiin«futGaru'lnmo,qseredtwo Kingdoms for his royul friaud, Victor 3bu.ur.u« 1. The King, however, not to be outdonei«i ee, rent tin- air wiih loud and prolonged cheers. such a move, or even the threat of making it, would who have £ mill love for Napoleon, had still loss •wlicb 1,1 C3 are authorized, and 1,493 not au- n ttte:t-1 ave teen going from bnd to worse. The offi- TL< Czar desc< rded at once to the liussian church, rake* tli Catholic Christian Powers in ready indig- lor their hereditniy enemies, ecclesiastics and thorized. The most famous of these associations cers < i tbe 8«aiT, in (ilace of giving on example of finn-ky Gaiilitldi's geaerosity, at ouce acknowledged all •it«xter«d the (astle.only to dress, and then paid nation or ahum, to.restore the Holy Father or pre- legitimists and Louis Philippisfs; as between these is tlat of St. Vincent de Paul, bearing great ntt-s, chew th'-nielNos to be pOifoctly undecided, anii£e military appointments of the Dictator. But Ik vif it to tbe five German princes above-named, vent his going, by skewering his Moved children ofana Kapoleon they aie lor Napokon; he is qi.ilt; iu«aptble of <ii i^iin^ tuiy ol et-ation. it u & analogy to the Congregation of 1820, which in n friKie tl ui if e K 1 i c ^ do nut throw away their armsv. 1 o had arciv* d the same day. In the evening the*Roman States on to the bosom of tbe Churchbaa iknvd as to:uier, and B.xio, the captain of a t e town was ' generally illuminated, in con- with bj')onets, and going to war with excommuni- lees cordially with him against the common ene- ainkb v l b h wot.ld put have sn lai-g resisted under,fciktoi i, the ex-pnest, who before May . nevernot their ehoice lrieud, but they join more or its turn looked much like the League of the six- in d< tj air, m d th«rv; are some old and well-discipliaed• lkrt prooi that aryotbttT war might have met witb country equirts. In vain did tie Governor-General ly, ex-) 44 Very dear sou in Christ," hasjust writ- Persigny's speech at the Lord Mayor's dinner, de- perer, and consequently'backed by the influence of j.re\eLtid tLe bombardment, gave a counter- arrax ge tke assembly in two lines in order to con- ten the Holy Luther another one of his filial tatters. livered just after the writing of my last, helps, order. At 11 o'clock . on tne mo-nijg of the the same succens, laid that Ganbaldi did not display fl Lecontents are as yet unknown, but can be divined though rather illogically, to confirm the agreement; tie Austrian Embassy, got the majority of votes. -.iii tie bombardment' was resumed with additiiualany great xtruu-gical or uduimistorutiye tal nts. c« al the exigiiity ol .the audience. Any illusion, in\\ uj, then, it may be asked, was the deed acau-.,. 4 that refpect had become impossible, and there re- to be in sum:4iA'jtefort, to console'himself for his uefeaX, strove to fuiy fiom the JSaic inian snips. I witnert«ed thu aifair lcev. and Dear Sir: I dote on Pereigriy careful y avoided thu general wurquescioaj 1Joni »le wii.dow oi tur boute. Shells fell on the bos-by no otb« r man, J! tne result wi.s m> certain and the rrriiicd iroihing to do-for his Majesty but to u^ssem* V* )cu ORI alweysdid. Pity you had not taken my applying bis eloquence to persuade the guests at create for himself a soft, of independent position in .I iti.Ie, and tbe tick quitted their-.beds'to save them-n»k eotimali/ Butwrtn.u thvk.ttdt\y •a. conge bler^dnjcjpointn.cnt. Such, indeed,seemed tobus taken place among those detractor» of the he>o; bt» his original n»Uution. He made no speech, butaineeGaribaldisonoblyrefusedanypersonaladvant- alh.wtdnotraceofdissatisfaction-&>betrayitselfintable,andlisteningEurope,ofthestrictaccord be- tween England ana France. Well, not so illogical thenup of Peter's pence subscriptions, by societies organ- grantee to taem tor extortiug still greater con- obtained in regard to ladies. Nevertheless, the ized for that purpose. Government has no wish to prc-" tic^lar Council." .. The reunion of different Pur- cilai Councils, or the-District Admiriisttration,formsstiorger sex, while a much greaterlatitudinarianismdt-ci-n.p, but five Polish gentlewomen, namely, thewant vl success in bis constitutional concessions. CLoiu-ul, nte Tieseiihauseu, the Countess Platen, not be published without the prefoetoral visa. That and eo on indefinitely. This seems likely enough!Xhvtnondcjr.inis andpastorallettersyofbishopsmastM*s begin* to loci that be has placed himself in tne ft/e de L'j.-e«, Madame Cejestine Niezabitowska, and is, the law limiting the right of association and of Yet it might be much.-better, if there could once beiidies advanced as if^.encbantmcnt,;.TWenty-fivemonth, in all countries.'..The disposition ef charity Is the apparent, .but THE VISIT OF THE PBINCE TO AMFJilCJu."advice; done,all /canforyou;, nevergot any44 thanks for it; /shall keep on taking excellent care44 of you, as 1 always di.-:; better take my advice alter ail; for, if France and England ; really'be. aud'supportofthegeneralinterest oftheJesuitOrder, Tewaid vieveilo'tlinkeverybodyfledm>dis- by fobtering throughout France, Spain, and Italy <ru r to neek sl.» ber under the ramparts of GaCta 'andages, these courtiers are again delighted witn iis couLtei.ai.ee. He addresKed some words to per- J* now; see, how good 1 am not to let Viterbo go do rest agreed, general war can hardly come. Now, cent de li.\;l, v^hieh had begun to establish them- by tl e road cf the Gai.igliano, At the same time' thekirn. Tuy U-VLTHI that he wooia maist upon a shore sonages v» hose embroidered dresses or decorations ofthespoilslorhims^liandhisfrieuus,andbis distilgui>LedthemIronthebodyofattendants,andjnagnajuimous couunct only couhrmiug their opinion, shock hands vritb Prince Trinee Oginski and Ant.thui irt/iu the beginning to the end he has acted as a Ty»zkitwuz, an invalid Colonel of the times of 44fool, first to rihk an enterprise 01 the highest danger, Alexander 1. After the-presentation, a military re- wun the ocas all against mm, and then in-refusing to vn w, a vitit to the principal public establishments,44 over quite yet to Italy and, that Victor Emanuel 44 whose performances I protest against always;Fiance and England are both interested, first, to keeppeacewitheachother;andtheywillkeepit. But, France and England being united in a general peaceful policy (in the continuance of which bothc*n.nai.e «-r<;t tie Fiei.cli ship of tbe fine Al(ixaodre be1pjeaied1ottotee it. ThethreerifledeHunon4444 wtll and much obliged for last blessing.belter take my advice, as I said; Empress and boy Yoursdevoutly.'Icular to tbe same addreuses, advising that iu futureneed of, community of interest and effort and suffer- is directed by a General Council and a supreme AoH.ncyone.of.the most oiftinguLjiicd officer* iti the ing and hardly-earned viotoiy, to unify her, and to President residing at Paris. Beside its Conferences, urnv, who 1 as been appciutod to the command of the create a national virile spirit. Those grown-up, ]'articular Councils, Central Councils, Superior aiiillc-iy by ibe liin^, refused to accept tbe appoiufc-presented to him, but treated them all in the same ous authors have become politicians. Their very King Francis, with a whining pluckiness, still revenue ol this widely-rnmified Association of Saint oftcei> ter\lug under him. Tho Patrc, whose new* BE8UL T8 OF THE vTAJISAW CONFEE- manner, without showing the least mark of prefer- praytifi and sermons are partisan. 41 Why," said dings in Goeta. He-protests .-and cries over the Vincent de Paul amounts to more than five millionsseems not to be so distant as he believed betbre i'lcj tafck to recruit ladies from among tbe ranks of •—a law which, so long as it was not applied to theiri the fatal New Year's greeting of 18&J in theXail- fencticnaries and financiers, but, their husbands cr their leaders, the church party have beeu greatly aries. 1 here is a general belitjf in Europe that the tot being invited, the greater part of them thought phased with. These new measures of even injustice year,1801 is to decide the into of Austria;• tawi« J< .'•diering under General Pimodmi and \vus reported toadieS bad the honor of oceupyiug the frrtp«riiil car- have.gone straight to heaven from Castelfidardo. tion. French Embassador intervened also withthat be refused to do so, and mocked at interven-riage, so that bis Majesty was, for want of room, But hardly wa« thogermoQ.-.done, when that spright- similar advice. Master Francis would not so mu«"» ultxwmoutti'ne propaganda thecal, aim Of this power-Kechberg, in a dispatch addressed to the Tope, obliged to keep himself in the >straightest military ly fighting Christian Gicquel came'T>iiv!K vof'oiiStrrH-,- as cry Ame».' then; then he askad »** help, Insisted ful osaociation, an aiirj^'fcikea. hardly the troublethe- King of Naples, and the representorves at attitude. Two Polish ladies, took their places in bringingnp, asitseems, hisown funeral, pioc.^ioii oh Wingdeserted. lie busHall his own way now,to couceol.Thus ,»r0 read, for instance, in thethe reseived carriage, the.Princess SopnSka and in the livencst manner. Joodena, and ranna, thought fit to dissipat? the •the Countess Cboiseul. It was remarked that, untilVienna of the fugitive Princes of Tuscany,; -..-:;,::.,;.'.'> ••••-.;,whieh looks seaward toward Bpain or Austria; heis like enough to endwith taking refuge in England, The Bishop of Airas.wrote a long politio-theo- lodging next door, perhaps, to his Hpanisb cousin'andsothewarwillbeadjournedpastnextSpring,Belgium,Deumark, Greece,theUnitedKiugdom,beanact<rus*leiscrraliytouow>,forthemhabrtanta aide woulu butler from it. The troops are safe ia tltir tatcmtud banaika. We do not fear the PiedV mentete e.ut«-i«te the wii'lbj,bat we appwhend tivuchery w ill in Gi-eta. TlU iubo little a mystery that Col metCouncils, Gtneral Councils, and central President, n.ei t except on com nion tbat he should not be placed it wis* r to abstain also. The Czar affected the most culars, as you know, have tor the post eighteen demoralized Neapolitan children are in vvoful want the Society has its own Legirlitu e, represented by under the coo-mand of any general. Ho required, amiatle humor, bad a word or two for every Lady months come to be political pamphlets, as their pi- of something, to inspire them with manliness. the Quarterly General; Asw.kmblies. The aunuar luitber, U at he shonld.have the appointment of all theall round aggravate them sorely. The bishops' cir--: •• . •• • • "-•'Chrir-' tisi 'Xeniau'.d dans awgreaxc-aiOSlrt.i . Wht-'v-<nly < a •till:;,-,'.*Hum! • r ton. 1' and wa bas t *- 28,0 o fore «01 the nun. region t bslow \ --»l>vybd'- neeer-^a '"'''' k0ttp«'*O W)W t * sbouhtl ..5»ncii"'nleu - ttitu navo «-t<ENCE-TI1E CZAR IN UTHUANlA. ence lor any one—a great offense this for the Polish to tin m the other day a government journalist, deseition of the Poxvers. Poor boy ! He forgets of fiancs. Eveiy month it publishes at Paris a sort'lacics, w ho had incurred the spite of their countrywomen in order to cateb the Czar's eye.' •FOBioi, November J J, i860. On tbe following morning the Czar visited the not41 why not pray now; a Uttle for those brave fellows 44 who died fighting for France in China and for the 44 introduction of Christianity [and opium] into thatthat bis wTfttehed father rejected:, the earnest inter- veiitiou in-favor Of his undermined throne, of France and England, when they urged him to reform; andcf Moniteur, called " Bulletin de la SociSt6" (the bulletin of the Society), which transmits to the dif- ferent conferences the views on all questions sub-H e writer mutt use mignif'viug-glasses, for with my twp c'3eel Lave not yet diAjovenni one Spanish,' Aus-T i e principal resoJutiona adopted at tbe War- yet finished tunnel, laving himself the last brick, 44 great missionary field? NYour- prayers and pulpit when they threatened to discontinue diplomatic re- mitted to the General Council, contains a list of the t.ian, er Bavarian vtl;:ntocr. A few Frenchmen have saw Congress are now transpiring. ; The two per this ceremony 250 invitations had been distrib- 44 eulogies for the souls of those who fell at Castelfi- lations, bade them discontinue and be off. Off 'they aimed Leia, nott of whom served with General L&-baring declined , accepting the Kussnui proposals " ise<"me. thct ttere would be ladies to aecoinpnny relating to the settitemeutof Turkish arfairs, 4ns,"ar.^»JJ-st-onceagoudily-dreseedcohortofBussia, on her part, insisted upon tbe Italian question being shelved. Consequently, Countneral oration to the account of one Monsieur .Gic- he came to tbe shaking throne the British Minister tho members of the Society deceased durimr tb* l i s Govehiment, but he was told not to quit the KJLoitfuted. Arrived ot tbe terminus, whence the cortege 44conferences' newly formed in the -course of the moiieio, atd who be long to noble families. General dai do outnumber the bodies left on that battle-- went, and King Boinba went on, elbows free month, the protocols of the assemblies, the reports h<.ms> will be 1 eie on tho 14th.. He landed tbe. dayfirst questions mooted were, of course, tkeOriental and the Italian questions. Austria ^veinoi-General, exclaimed, " But you bad prom- an extremely lively political Christian, uttered a fu- with Bouiboninn blindness. He forgets that when books, general instructions, and the necrology of all Jji) btei-leie lately requested Ierve of absence fromwas to'.start,- the Czar, addressing himself to the 44 field." It is a 'fact that the Bishop of Poitiers, to imprison, exile, torture,'-and misbehave generally of the central councils, recommendationfi of new belo/o yefterday at Civita Vecclia, Tho Prussiaaquel, a citizen of that town who hud gone off sol-besought him to prop it with a Constitution, andurn ni\ni.t.r ** .TT- or a moment.'•vUntitled Documentuj» v«r great duty." *r-severalW The Empress o f Austria, since her last con- A] prcntce, the fccholar," etc.exist, " T h e-.< &*j..--y,<yTrtlf»Y.V '•'furthermore,SinceII am^on the moving subject of high person- Alnar.ac of the Woiksbop, of the Lalxrrer, tbe1 shall never forget touli of war into Italy, he plucked it out of tihetionliy explosion. What has. befallen since ViUa- bility, the departure of tbe young Empress for Win- the <xan pie of the ece-lesiastics during the first eefl-:PARIS,Nov. 16,wa6 to be honored with. Prince Treueo Oginski at brevity of the campaign j but it is historical, po- Iv'cirii-n frontier by ordering Victor Emanuel to-40,CCO men under bis command, and tout with- cr;ce ordered an immense bail-room to be built for litiea, polemical, and critical, as well as military. tttp him, is to suppose that one man can make and gland, to the great eontent of his excellent mother " Writings; 01 which due execution has been model"««t the «uperhuman efforts of the 15,000 Gari- this purj,oge, and the Czar, confiding in the bOspi-The author is occupied in defending himself as wellunmake history. Possibly, he might have stopped; 'arid her loyal subjects, who were of late growing AtPrris and other-great towm«, the members of theT o return to modern great ones of tho: earth: de.nng poor. There e*xists, in fact, no material25, lfib'0, 3ir. Dupin estimated the number of so- *' T1e J"ea»p«tlitan army is still retreating, I might aJ-thedevelopment01the '*Conferences"ofSt. Viu-sehesat Paris in 1833, soon after the exclusion made.'a tignal to Admiral Fertano to cease firing, butf «m I ranee of the Jesuits.*were al ar.dot.cd to the enemy. Three officers of artil- The admihistiative organization of the order is Ie»y tie 1enaikcd, and aiiion^them Captain Favot, aaie strongly interested), and being friendly with this: In every parish, a Conference is established, Swi t-,-wi.-o behaved beroi ally. They served their Meantime, King Piu's is dreadful short of funds. New Italy (for w hose future alliance they will now gtnenly conBistiig ot 5i0 to40 active members, and places at himj le aililleryn en. and were killed at theirestfer into a, compromise With his political enemies a dinner given l y the Emperor, and lastly, a simple • WLen Lamoiicieie got to Ancona and asked for jealously outbid each other with services renderouj, a yaiyirig number of two other categories, thu houor- tui f.; Colonel fliuriilijyt, wn<» commanded »,he foreign ibrbisowii sake. Guribalui's character, with all spirit, but not .a ball, in the saloou of Madame O(v',(.<;0 francs that had been deposited in the cita- Pirissiri having nothing to gain by a general war, ary 11.embers and those who are merely affiliated, ;;ttalr n, aid was not mm h loved by Lumen, behaved tbe blunders ot bis administration, reminds us of Jsuzimoff. del there 44only to be used lor'an extraordinaiy Russia having plenty of work at homo, Austria un- l i e latter are only obliged to buy some tickets 111 v i L ^>e. I ec ura^e on t! is ocx-Htion. Tne Xeapolitaua the kgendary heroes of Koine. His renown will Tie Czar observed the strictest oxclusiveness emergency," he was told tharj they were already able to cany on a war alone with united Italy, the annual lottery for the Bupprirt'of the poor;, the didr.o-lxce'nuu.y men i» either killel or wounded,ftpyv from year to year, una our grandchildren will in the invitations to the dinner-party. Two- fepent for 44ordinary occasions;" and when he asked backed in ease of'emergency by France—-why thou. honorary_members pay regularly their voluntary lut tie tyluieis aie xery much,.dissatisfied with their aesnse to behove ike »toiy 01 thu Neapolitan con thirds of the persons proposed to him on for the accounts of expenditure, he was told that tb< re need be no war next spring. generiIs, »»na I muy »dd that tte same oiscontent pre-.»ii ' * • qktftt from Maitmla to Nupies, aehieveu by a hand-subtciiptionb; and the active members are charged \nilf> in tbe upj or regions of the Government. A great a list l y the Governor-General, were not ad- th<y had no, more been kept than the money. The Tiyue, that Garibaldi eloquently cries out to with visiting the poor families relieved by the Con- u.an) of tbe-t-e geijeials would not have preferred Citpuai r e d of volunteers of Upper Italy within six mouths. While Italy is steuoily progressing in her great work of uniting anaiusing all tlie dnferentprovincesmitted. .. Jn general he marked tlw» persons to Roman King's official and volunteer ministers and le admitted by a cross, but, in regard to -iiw* ojteans, cardinals and newspapers, mid political noble marwiiils of the districts, he gave himself the' bishops, have been trying.to move heaven and earth trouble of blotting out their names'one alter the of late to raise the wind, both of wbieh «eem, in spjto othei. As to the invitations to the sotre'e of Madame ol all tLat, to move the other way. Billault, JMinis-IStziiuctT, the strictest nicety was, ou the express ter of the Interior, has issued a circular to the pre- and of 54 battalions of bersaglitri, or chasseurs. taliihled in the some town, is directed by a *'Par-01deis of the Emperor, observed in regard-to-the fects bidding them see to,it that there be no takingaretalkingrebellion, hraucrsJosephiscrestfiiU^u, JOK*jbTyhtkkwicz,thew"iieoftheGov.-Gen's,oide- caldesigns. M.Billauithasalsosent another cir- persistsinstoppingthere. Perhapshowillsellout will1ei;eu*«iryto«-ei«dtrom,tlisphicehull'its"horn*sxasions. The Bohemiana have round out at last pr« scr.ee of about 50 generals, beside some inferior, .verit individuals from dropping their pennies into' His. B e is alreody strictly retired within the limits of jelitK ti frontiers. Thus, for instance, the Districtthat the only way by which liberty cau bo won is by t fficers, contribute d to make Up|a quorum. On the Bolim sd"sbat, but it will not have the organized as- non-intervention. But by the God of War,.and the Adnunistratidi) of "the Hostile and Luxemburg" ct.ni.or. Tie 1iedmouiete have sent an advanced agitation arid organization. The German provinces oihtr hand, apart from Madame Chominsko, the sociations carrying round tie hat under pretext that Goddcfg of Liberiy, and the stirring, spirit of the cenj rehends the three Particular Councils of'Metz guard 10 Four, tl.e l^»t town in the kingdoai of Nnplne are discontented, and the Slavonians of the tioutb wife 01 the Governor-General of Kovno, and Madame it is the Pope's, to cover the boldness of their politi- time* be mvst: fight in Venetia next Spring, if he (French), Luxemburg (Dutch), and Sarreguemines oti tl:e lvou an frontier wbi.h they have occupied. Itbis idea ol ah invasion of Italy has received a ruderebttffromtheWarsaw Coiiicreuccsandfromthe PrinctfsXavierSopiekha,n6el*oe, theCountesssnoot urfbetdt posiuon. Jbiuancml ruin is staring i.adin e Pomenaeka bad accepted the invitation to publication is now to bo applied to church folks and a long, hard fight between Austria and Italy, by- kim in the lace, and an insurrection of- bis subjects the soiree. It would, of course, have been a very bishops, as well as to common folks and lay authors' staudei s not interfering. It is what Italy stands inItalians, let there be an armed million of you next ference, andimpartii.g to them religious riistruction. ilareh I And Gen. Funti has arranged his pro- The Conference riieets ouce a week, on Sundays,1.1 u UbCth \o Kapler, but that they expected fortune to tfcni t«e qt h kly in favor of Francis II. AVe usee shadows ol tei eitdi- j-i.jK.ii g in ti e streete—mere mummies,-who1 wtuld be better 1 laced iu the Egyptian museum ia ^aIle^. OtveisljiVe l>cen given to send the threeit rtit.n but: lioih to Tena< v a. They are reduced by case «e 10 2,600 nen, and the German elemeut feex- fii«t. 11 0 c*neent. of the' Roman Government, has ' leen obtainc-d fur tl.is movement. Since the evcihg *f tie 4tb, when the ribdmouteae. eo- tend Mela, we have not heard tbe sound of~*gramme for organizing an Italian army of regularsto be composed of 104 regimeuts of the line, of 63other regiments; mounteu and loot of different arms, meitiLgF. A certain number of Conferences, es-With these and Garibaldi's volunteers, and Vene-tian risings end liungaiy ah aglow, and cash short—-p-rhapa Francis Joseph wiil„ not care to fight- a Central Council, by no means dependent ujxui(I rushiun). Lastly, the whole society, the aggregate iniil d«fer.deis, wl.o ore worse than useless. -Tho then, at least enter upon negotiatum for selling out,, M7 7C of 1J] countries, viz: of France, Germany, qucttioi. now is. shall GuCta be bombarded ? 16 wouldpublications, such asBut the Society i$Sepulchre. ; -/f O dii-t iet conferences there exist 831 in France,t 1 .on thcruiid to Fcndi. The iledmuntese' entered MoUFrom The London Timet, A*o*>. 16. ,;?' Tbote w'hoarecapabloof receiving newlaipressions and reviewing their old ones will eoe atmretbing morti than tl.-e deferred fulfillment of. a programme in the our charity. We anxiously expected reiurn of the Prince of Wales,V> Ce^urt Capillars,Among the deiiials and even bard.'• -L^. ^'._.'.._www.fultonhistory.com- •?te:~&*L-_,&.$£&&:t<'':-SJH.:'/&&*&*X< •$ i*/&».•jZyOx? *'•£r'L. ...... y.ii--.i»rT &A .v ^M.4M^iii*vi4. &%4&'>i:vi-ut&s&v-Thomas M. Tryniski309 South 4th StreetFulton New York13069 ...-•' •••••.. lid 