 i*S»»-l,i^»m^^^^mf^CHINA » ';Cwiwy<uMlwo»efTWK.Y.Tribroa.'HONGKONG,May,I860. If the state of affairs in China was unsatisfac-tory*monthago,itisperfectlyconfusingnow. A powerful force is here with every appliance of warfare, and yet no one knows or even anticipates the fixture*.wasnotforthcoming,theRebelsmadea sudden tiegeneralnubBc Humboldtneitherdreamsnor tothecottontradeinManchesteranditsneighbor- Myfrl^I^B** ^attackupontheImperialtroopslastweekandut- speculates,buthetpafacteuponfactslikeastatis- hood:.' ^SSM^W?* terlyroutedthewholeforcewithgreatslaughter. ticalFrenchmanofthe19thcentury. "TheCos- . C.;^:-;'--': ' "WEEKLY WAGES.'-4,500. Bottfegtsnwas an Xixgnshnate, bora la W »died1828. Hsihefivedtfflthispresentwriting,fa* notaflthe musthadrisenearlyandlaiddownbisbrushlate*Ward. ButnoLord Elginwasforthcoming,and we are a» much in the dark as ever concerning the events, which will follow his arrival. T h e move- ment ha* commenced however, and before a vreek most of the transports will be on their wayTheOverlandMailhasjustarrived. Nosignsof Ijord Elgin. The remainder of the transport fleet leaves this week for the North.."inhispocket" Humboldtis "thegreatgazetOverlooker*w n f Jobbers (young men)as the rest of us to turn up their noses with contempt. when the offered rose bears a strange name, or is of atothenorth. Thereisevidentlyahitchsome- FromOurOwnCorrespondent-where, and it would occasion little surprise if the whole expedition should fall through, so far asmmediate results are concerned.Wehaveatlast reliable accountsfromtheseat of the coming strife, and it would seem as though the Chinesewere in earnest The forts at the mouth of t h e Pei-bo have been immensely strength- ened, and a most formidable force is collected at ghat point There is no talk of accommodation. On the contrary, the party now in power, "headed by theTartarGeneralwhocommandedatthedefeat ©f the British squadron last year, so far from yield- ing anything, now boldly avows the determination to sweep all foreigners from the Empire, withoutregard to nationality, and to restore the ancientorder of things. Of course, this is impossible, yetB E R L I N , July 18,18G0.Alexander von Humboldt's Correspondence with " ble facts, who forms herbals even of autograph branches where the hours of daily labor are legally sometimes for less than as many, francs. Such'aremeasures axe being taken to secure the northern ports."theoriesbuiltupwiththelivingstoneoftheidea "and tiie Roman cement of reasbning." The " living stone of the idea," and the " Roman co-andgiriB).........."..........................'. -» ;' 8 : T % l 14with —000,000, preceded by what figure I cannotBONAPARTISTS AGAINSTHUMBOLDT.^*mains the same man as M. Aurevilly has found factory operatives that they would seriously suffer X., D. Is Comte de C , and the rest of the alphabet, him in the Cosmos. " It isa difference not. of na- by the diminution of their hours of work, have the auctioneers are constantly announcing throughout "ture,butofscenery.Heisstillthesameinquisi- thusbeencompletelydisappointed.Compare,onthe theseasonbylargeposters),discoloredcanvasesare " tive busy-body, the same collector of impercepti other hand, the movement of wages in those often sold in lots of two, three, and five for as many,riant bloom—Delacroix was a stench in their noetriku Only oflate, very late, has Troyon's superiority over RosaBonheurcometoberacognized.Hopingthatit will he found here, at least brokenly, apropos, let ma tell tho story (I am assured that it is true) of Wierte. He was and is a Belgian painter whose great talent Ut • now uncontested. His Death of Pairoelu*, some yearn ago,wasrefused bythejury. Thefollowing yearhe seat in his own name* real Rubens of incontestable merit t The iury fell into the trap, and pronounced it unworthythe fact shows plainly that, although force has ex- " a humiliation threatening to catch like the peati- to emancipate even the niggers ? Does he not girdPictur6 sales there may be divided into as manyclasses as youchoose; as into two: I , Good; 2, Bad; or been regarded as a masterly essay on Jurisprudence,tracted tome concessions from the Chinese, the "lenee." New, on the outbreak of theItalian war, at ministers and Governments 1 After M. Aure-feeling of the people is unchanged. Some of the with a view to flatter the Prussians, Louis Bona- villy has so victoriously demolished the Cosmos andinto four: 1, Very good; 2, very bad; 3, good and bad and may be read of all men in any complete edition oC Mixed; 4, neither good nor bad, or goodish and bad- the works of Leibnitz.dish—the worst of all; or, say again, into Modern, An-cient,Mixed;orintointoDealers'CollectionsandAma- AnotherBelgianartist,greaterthanWiertz,isGal- teurs'Collectionfl;or,etc.,etc,etc.Ofthoseofmodern lait. HewasfirstadmittedtotheFrenchsaloninhave cause to remember what some piously call man of science, in the profound sense of the word, Injuries to head20 17 23 29 11 4 54 40and have largely increased tneir Far Holme Mill, near a wickedly usurious percentage on their cost. I wet de Momy—who, by the way, is a fine instinctive aa. Stacketead, in tnis neighborhood, requiring two moreengines of 40 horse-power each, which they are aboat here in Paris, in 1852, shortly before his death, a well as instructed connoisseur—for 4,500 francs. A nthe " throwing open of China to the Gosper' this he was nothing else but a fine talker of science (unyear. beau parleur scientifique). Yes! " A fine talker ofand faceLac'tnB, contuo'ns, , and other injur'sMeanwhile, excepting a t Foo-chow and Amoy,trade is dead. And even at those ports, there is Aurevilly, in triumphant tones. " Nature hadnot enum. above 263 255 315 352 328 66 711 673 1,384 to put down. The large majority of shareholders are painter, whose family name has been raised by their old picture dealer who was present, told my friend, T o t a l . . . . . . . 424 877 479 465 197 105 1,100 947 2,047 operatives who work in the factory, but receive wages works in another department to a deservedly high'; Mr. L ., that he had sold this very canvas some yeans"science! Such was Humboldt!" repeats Mr. little confidence. As a genera] thing, the |most in- " certainly endowed him with attraction to andACCIDENTS NOT ARISING FROM MACHINERY. asworkmen,andhavehomoretodo-withthemanage- placein theranksof American artists. Ho told me jage*for500francs. Everybodyatthe "Hotel"known Total... 83 30 69 26 21 10 168 66 229 ment than to give theirvote to the annual Election of that tho Pere Michel never sold a picture without aThe reports are unanimous in bearing witness the Committee of Management. I have been through that he had been at one time employed by a dealer intelligent Chinese here predict an easy victory on theaide of the allies whenever they come in contact " aptitude for scientific purposes," and, more- with the Chinese, but .they do not predict any de- •' over, had bestowed upon him an iron consti- sirablefruitsofvictory. Thefortsmaybestormed "tution, nottobebrokenbyfatigues." But at the Pei-bo. The allies may capture Tien- fortune, had done still more for him than tsin. They may even advance upon Pekinj and even nature. His teachers were distinguished.overthrow the present Government; but in so people; his education was encyclopedical. He doing, they will only be aiding the legitimate re- was the son of a Chamberlain, and him- iOeflion, which has the same object in view, and self a grand seigneur; he was a man of fortune;the Far Holme Mill this morning, andean report that. furnishing pictures "to do the finishing;" his specialty handsome pofit on its cost to him. But this little BOfar as the Factory Act is concerned, it is as well was the foliage in landscapes; in the course of three Chardin was excellent,- and to a man with De Moray'soverthrow the imperfect barriers which the existing Crovernment maintains against robbers. And unless England is prepared to introduce in China a rule similartothatnowmaintainedinIndia,avictory at Pekin will prove the greatest curse and inosche enjoyed the favor of princes and the blind admi- ration of ladies. Well, and with- all that, what did he make of himself? A traveler. " In his Central"Asia,inhisVoyagetotheEquinoctialRegions," in his Geographical and Physical Atlas, in his the infancy of the factory system, when manufactu- L mited Liabilities Act. with power to raise a capital cient and elderly masters abound even in private col-" Critical Inquiry into fhe History of the Geogra- rers were in want of labor, it was obtained directly of £200.000. £40,000 has been taken in shares of five per cent. The picture that fell furthest below the" phy of the' New Continent in the Fifteenth and by application to the o\erseers of some distant parish, £10 each, and they have borrowed about £4,000. lections, and do much more abound in dealers' collec- valuation set npon it by the expert was '* Christ in thehopeless confusion that has yet been known.feut what are the French about ? it may be asked. And that is a difficult question to answer. W e Jcnow that there are 17,000 men and a powerful" the Sixteenth Centuries, in his Views ef the Cor- who lorwarded a certain number of apprentices, This £4,000 has been borrowed from email capitalists, tions. It wouldbe a greatdivaricationfromtruth, how- " Garden of Olives," proposed for 20,000, and struck,The British camps spread out on both sides of theisland, but not a JFrench tent is to be seen. Thereis no enthusiasm—no cordiality. The few Frenchofficers and men who come on shore go wanderingthrough the streets in pairs or squads, like fowls inastrangebarn-yard. Thereseemsnobustleamongthem, and, in fact, nobody seems to know anythingabout them. This lack of cordiality, and very plain ophy, " without which one is never a great genius."expression of suspicion and dislike, are not promising symptoms at the commencement of a harassing warfare, and I am much mistaken if the British force alone would not accomplish more if un-Humboldt,afterall,"wasofaskepticalcastof " mind, and only born in too late a period of the " eighteenth century to become a backboned mate- " rialist—a good atheist of the stamp of Diderot or " Lalande. Hewasnotonlyaskeptic,but a weakactspassedin1802,42Geo.III.,Cap.73,hasfor oniheirbusiness.Oneisthe'New-ChurchCottonits title, " A n act for the preservation of the Spinning and Weaving Company,' under the Limited unimplicated listening bystander. Here is a bit of and association (it -was framed and glazed), one.franc,"health and morals of apprentices and others em- Liabilities Act, with power to raise £100,000 in £10 painted board—there is an unfledged biped: offer satis- was sold for 700 francs; onefrancfor the rose and 69*" ployed in cotton and other mills, and cotton and shares. £40,000 of which is already paid, and the Com- factory proofs that the board was painted byTeniers, for the names. pany has borrowed £5,000 on mortgage at five percommercial interests are concerned, or any others,for that matter, can neither benefit nor damage Having thus lifted the vail overhanging the mys-to prevent encroachments upon Chinese territory bylarge glory because he addressed himself to a low. from which a supply of labor can be procured on public, and that he roamed over the earth because English demand, and manufacturers have now to hefoundnoideasinhishead,Mr.Aurevillysetsout looktotheSouthernandWesterncountiesofEn- in real good earnest to cut up the Cosmos. Whatei tent of £10,000. About £20,000 is already paid up,and they are erecting at Hareholme a factory requiring considerably below what it is in tho shops, for half the for 100,000 francs. And here is posthumous fame forthe British Government, simply by demanding the frrrilege of " annexing" as often and as liberally as erallydoes. Ifthisbetrue,therewillbeverylittle annexing on either side.The result*of French operations in Cochin Chinawould hardly encourage that Government in furtheranengineof70-borsepower. Iamtoldthatinboth finalbidsaremadebykeepersofpictureshops;butyou.Themostweknowis,thatsometimeintheseven-possession does not extend beyond the range of the guns, while the hostility of the natives is on the in- crease. Francecanconquer, butcannotcolonize.While these affairs are going on, Canton is quiet, andinitsimmediateneigborhotxlanimprovedstate **ffeeling is apparent toward foreigners. T h e ""•Jwjdationsofrobbersandgeneralscarcityofpro-T**°°* have driven thousands of refugees hither,J1*0* of whom find employment upon the new fac-jcrysue The missionaries located at Canton make^ T j j ^ t r i p s to the distance of twenty or thirtymnes into th* country, and report mcreasing interestenpartofthetheChineseintheGos-pel, as preached by them, and in religious books!Xnere nave, been no instances of rudeness or ill-leaves him no doubt as to the real character ofthat work. " T h e true aim of my bopk," says facturing town of a man with his wife and familyHumboldt, "istoseefromahighstand-pointthe hasthis peculiar disadvantage, that while the "whole of contemporaneous science." There younger members of the family, who can soon behands employed 76, and I believe all the shareholdersto be of the operative clasB. francs, and thought it cheap at that; but meantime,"Theareseveralwhotakepartofafactory,oneor thebeautifulcanvasremaining(unchanged,doubtshadtwo rooms, as the case may be, and in some instances arisen in the minds of experts as to the authenticity of evenpartofaroom,butthenthesearemastersofthat thesignature. A marineofrare excellencewentforn r e** "I5I ! ? 5**totheraalso. IfFrancewere a little more devoted te the Pope, one might inppoee t-he present^ejcaoi^.trationtohave a religious1 2he flatters the men of science with iho delusion" revived. However, this kind of labor, it should be that they are^poets, the poets that they are men of remembered, would only be sought after whento his heirs. A Concert, "attributed" to Watteau, 1,650 francs. Authentication would have raised the finalbidbyanadditionalzerothisSpring'. Fiftyyears ago,the Concert,perfectlywellauthenticated,mightThe sums which Mr. Hope's pictures, nearly all of the Flemish school, brought at auction, may serve the numerous retainers of "undoubted" Teniew, Wouv- Ormann'B,Oetadoe,etc.,tomakeoutaconscientious appraisaloftheirpersonaltaxableproperty,vNo later ago than last February, I knew directly of aman,anAmerican, highlyintelligent man,an emi- nently diBtinguished in the medical profession man, a man who by virtue of his science and wide and long experience and natural accumen, was uncommon keen, quick,andhardinpronouncing contemptuouscondem- nation upon all charlatanisms of the pill and potion va- riety,whosincerelyandexultantlybelievedandre- . loioed that he was the owner of an undoubted^abenS;nwect, ^ w e r e t h a t t i u < ^ , , s itiscience, and the vulgar mob of mankind, which lacks science as well as imagination, that they are poetsandmenofscienceat thesame time! "Isnone other could be procured, for it is a high-priced labor. The ordinary( wageB of a boy of 13 would beabout 4 shillingsperweek;-but to lodge, toUnless it be wine—and say perhaps, theology andhorses and political economy and the neighbors andnationalcharacteristics,andafewothertopicsofgen-{era!conversation,liketheweatherandLouisNapoleon havebeenhadforthisbid,minusthefinalzero;eighty —( Aerefo nothing easier to talk about, without knowl- years ago, again, a Watteau was worth nearly its to-probable refigionwithformssosrmnartothoseofBuddhist worship•would make great progress. There a r e said to be over four thousand converts to this churchcreases from day to day. 'The garrison of Canton will consist of about three thousand troops, a very scanty force in case events at the north should encourage the Cantonese to make a demonstration.tic of our times, that the love of ideas has given place could not be accomplished for 4 shillings a head per so fertile of talk without fruh>-of mere vocalized flat- before '89 disputed the high vogue and prices withatais the secret of the immense success of this work 1 " The Cosmos, after all, is but a description, a vast " memorandum, of physics, protocolizea by Alexan-gland and Wales for families which can be tempted by the present rate of wages in the Northern Coun- ties to commence a new career of industry. Agents have been sent throughout the country, to set forthof these companies nine-tenths of the shareholders are of the operative claes." There is another cooperative company which has sprung up within the last six months. 'The Old Clougn Cotton Company,' which purchased from Mestrs.B.&T.Mum,twooldmills,calledIrwell Springs, and are on the same principle as the others,tho innocent who go there in expectation of falling upon rare chances, will find them unexpectedly rare.The cabinet of M. Piorard of Valenciennes was one of thefinestthat has boon disposed of this year. It was richinDutchandFlemishbeauties,whicharejust nowmoreinfavorthantheproductionsoftheItalian school. Among them was a Ruysdael, sold for 1,950teenth century a man, born we do not know nicely where, died w e do not know accurately when, named Meindhert Hobbema, was a landscape painter.. He was a cotemporary of Jacob Ruysdael/.to whom for longhisworks,despitenotabledistinctivequalities, wereattributed. Itwasthebestmeansofraising their market value. It is probable, consilering the small number of his works, and the few discoverable traces of hielife, that he died young; as did Paul Pot- terandBoniogtonat28,Brauwerat32,Gericaukat33, Giorgione at 34, Raphael, Parmesan, Watteau at or be- fore37,CorreggioaadCaravaggiounder40,VanDyke and. Andrea del Sarto at 42, Cuyp a t 43—not thatcolouizxcg efforts in this part of the world, exceptthatanavaldepotandharbormaybewantedin "dervonHumboldt." "Descriptivepoetry,itis theadvantagesofferedtofamiliesbyremovingtotheNEW-YORK DAILY TRIBUNE/ MONDAY iiUSo it seems that the Emperor's soldiers will have "mo*, this pyramid of facts, this Vendome coton enoughtodowithoutmakingdisturbancesamong "ofdust,must,ofcourse,appearmorebeautiful, foreigners. " and, above all, more useful to a matter-owactAstronggarrisonwillprotectHong-Kong,and "public,thanoneofthosepowerfulscientific'./.' V "vi; ' -;-"'i839.' 1899.have swept over afl the canvas that is to4ayp*a- a single daub over, the truth. I was fornished with a sums that he would as little hare thought of asking • •The United States steamship Hartford has justleft this for Foo-Chow and Shanghae. The sloop- mment of reasoning," M. Aurevilly, this savant Cardmindert (boyBfrom 14 to 18)...386 . . - • 7 . -• •recollect. lam sorry; taken "in this connection"itTiiepricesvariedfrom100,000francsdowntovulgar thisyearandpresentedto>thejuryofadmissionh$Overlookers..... ItwasconfidentlyexpectedthathisExcellency of-warJohnAdamsprecededtheHartford. The serieusestoopsto,inordertoshowthathecanout- Drawing-frametenders(youngwomen)........ 66d.':• 8 'do Humboldt even in poetical language, if he Spinning department-spinners ••'on self-acting Lord Elgin would arrive by last mail, and great ac- United States steamship Saginaw has arrived safely m u l e s . . . . . . . . . . . . . . •*..."< 16 to 18at Shanghae, andthey will allbeon hand whenever chooses. Humboldt is " a Moses who doesnot PieceiB (women and young men).............. 8%0 to 2210 30 95 28 18fractions ofa franc, according to various ciroumatanees A few notes taken on the spot will sufficiently exnew, unknown men, would be refused access to the folonof 1861. Not that the artistio sense of the jury is infallible (except the Pope and newspapers, who ortivity prevailed in the fleet, in order that every- needed. The Hartford has sustained an excellent " descend from the Horeb with the Tabledof the Overlookers20 (/14 24 . 1 0emplify these circumstances, and be in place here if what is?); on the contrary, its members are as^liabtething should be in readiness for departure north- reputation, and is a credit to our Navy." Law, but from the Chimborazo with an album Doubling department—D oublera (women) Doffera (girls)anywhere.'At the sale of the collection of the mainly anonymousVarnhagen,von Ense contained, as you will recol- " letters." But there existsonedifference betweenlect, some severe strictures on the second French the Humboldt of Cosmos and the Humboldt of the Empire, on Louis Bonaparte, the son of Admiral correspondence, between* the "vigorous gossip" o f the globe and the small gossip of the Berlin Verhuel, on his brother Moray, the son of Gen. " salons/' and that - is a difference of diction. Inunrestricted: "CALICO-PRINTING, DYEING, BLEACHING, SIXTYHOURS PER WEEK.Weekly Wages.generally set up and knocked down at the beginning,in accordance with metaphysical auction haws, bywhich, and not by the catalogued arrangement of thepictures, the commitsdire prieeur and expert rule theorder of their going. Gradually, as the cool, inde-pendent individuals getwaraed and sympatheticallyfused into a homogeneous audience, and as the mag-netic relations betweentheaudience and the sellingoperators get established, better things are offered,, judgment are in tho main unquestionable. The mag-Flahault, and on that "low wretch" called Fialinde Persigny. " I have always been of opinion," villy remarks with a silly sneer, one is not botheredColor-mixer....... ' Machine-printer.• Foreman... Block-cutter....Block-printer.j Dyer......I W asher and laborer, 1 8 3 9 . 35.40 .40 .....85 40 .....181899.. 33 ' : 38403528 16' 16 and 15quoth Humboldt, " that the wildest republic can"never inflict so great and lasting a damage on the"inteHectualprogress of mankind, on its consciencewith that grandiloquent stjle which, in his scien- tific works, he adopted from merer " ceremonious " coquetry with the academies, the universe, andof admission. This jury is always composed of artist* and fine connoisseurs, whose ability and honesty ofdemands of the British Government are such as to parte had published a decree ordering a statue to its author, he appeals to the good sense and patriot- Yorkshire. These cooperative societies, which"revolutionize the whole country, and it can hardly be erected in honor of Humboldt. This decree isismofFrance. Germanymayexaggeratethegreat- havemultipliedsincethepassingoftheLimited!>ewonderedatthattheymeetwithstubbornre- nowsaidtoassebeenquashed;biit,notcontent nessofoneofhersons,but"suchathingwascer- Liabilityact,aregenerallycompodedofoperatives.case trouble with England should occur. In this " known, is a very low sort of poetry, and so is d c manufacturing districts, and they are empowered torespecttheoccupationofSaigoninCochinChinais "scriptivescience."' M.Aurevilly,ifheseems makearrangementsfortheemigrationtotheNorth. hutnothavingbeenabletogothereto-dayIamnotadvantageous, but in no other; even there, however, not very well read in Cosmos, has hit upon a pas- Many families are said to have been forwarded able to give all particulais about it. The power, how-" teer of science and nature ".; he is, in fact, "immensegodmother or gossip of the globe."" anIn thV'reeiing, gassing, and power-loom depart- ments, there has also Been a slight increase ofHumboldts's familiar notes to his friend, as M. Aure-"anditshonor,as'myuncleVsystemofgovern- "posterity." HiscorrespondencewithVarnhagen FUSTIAN-DYEING, SIXTY-ONEHOURSPER WEEK.natesofLeipaicUniversity,in1661,wereprofoundly visible cauio. Not all things are cheap at the Hotel learned men, and doubtless as sincere as learned; but" meat"—that enlightened, dogmatic, and honied despotism which employs all the arts of civilization in order to make the will and the caprice of a sin- gle individual domineer. Humboldt called' thisdiscloses another source of his success in life.^ " H e " represented iu his single person all the prejudices " ofhis epoch." Does he not hate the priests, and,like Beranger, call them " black men ?" Does he not come out a liberal of the old school who wants18 22 ;..... 21 18By far the most interesting portion of the Reports of Mr. Alexander Redgrave and Sir John Kincaid relates to the development and extension of co- operative societies for the erection and working of mills in Lancashire, and also to some degree inand Correggios rise like' bewitched tables, without anysistance. The residence of a Minister at Pekin, with this pusdst exhibition of impotent spite, the " tainly not permitted to France." Cela detail Each society has a capital of £10,000 and upward, living masters, which are frequent, and properly re- 1835, and afterward sold the picture there exhibitedthough a great innovation, might be granted with- man of December has let loose his literary ZouaveB, certes pas permis d la France. France, of course, divided into shares of £ 5 and £10, with power toout much detriment; but the provisionsof the treaty, who, for the last few weeks, have rivaled each other will bow to the sentence passed by M. Aurevilly of borrow in certain proportions to the capital sub- quire three or four chapters, and three or four very for 1,800 francs, much to his content.' The same can-•which provide for free, navigation of the Yang-tee- in scurrilous attempts at laying the ghost of the the. Pays, Journal de VEmpire, on a fellow who scribed, the money borrowed being made up of clever fellows to write them, I will not now venture vas was sold here (for I do not know the whatietkJriangmitswholeextent,isamoreseriousmatter.greatnaturalist.WhyshouldLouisNapoleon,justdaredtocharacterizetheDecembristregimeasasmallloansbyoperativesandpersonsoftheliketosendmynotestoprint.Therearesalesofwhataretime)aboutfourmonthsagobyMonsieurPetit(oneot. It is as though some foreign power should de- about to raise, at his mighty fiat, dilapidated Spain, " humiliation of mankind catching like the pest." class. In Bury, for instance, upward of £300,000 called furnishing, or furniture, pictures—strictly ori- the most honorable and skillful of Parisian dealers andmand free navigation of our own Mississippi A into one of the great Powers of Europe, prove him- If he had been a man of true genius, Humboldt will be required to put the cooperative mills there thousand interests are involved, both as regards self unable to strike Humboldt off the list of the would have exalted Louis Bonaparte as the provi- built and building in.o working order. In cottonginal and utterly impossible landscapes and sentimental experts in cotemporary paintings) to one of the numer-genre pieces, or copies about whose origin there can bo ous Russian Demidofti for over,20,000. francs—to fu«no doubt. They are spick and span new, very bright, great content. [Let me hang a note on bracketshererput up in lots of two and four, pendants, and bought by GaQait is nowfinishingin his atelier, at Brussels, a re small retired bourgeois at rates that would not seem duced copy of one of his finest lesser pieces for Mr.the cities upon the river and the immense carryingtrade upon it. But the most objectionable feature great Powers of the intellectual world? Not to of the British demands, is that which abol- speak of minor libels, the decisive blow was to bedential liberator of nationalities and the select torch- spinning mills the spinners and persons employedare frequently shareholders in the same mill, work- ing for wages and receiving interest upon their shares. In cotton-weaving sheds, the partners fre-bearer of civilization. transitthroughthecountry.Andinfact,itisdif-Bambeyd'Aurevilly.Theworld,asAurevillyTHESTATE OFBRITISHishes the collection of customs upon goods in dealt in the Pays, Journal de VEmpire, by oneficult to teH what right a foreign country has to in- . states, has labored for about fifty years under the TURING INDUSTRY.MANUFAC^quentlyhireandworklooms.Thisisattractivetotopayfortheframes.Theydopay,though,ashand-WaltersofBaltimore.Here,inParis,Merleis-atproceeding; but it seems rather a stretch of au- Humboldt spoke, " t h e oracle" had spoken. The reports of the Inspectors of Factories, thority to follow the goods all through the empire, There were different reasons, and among them some which, have just been issued, comprise three re- anddemandtheabolitionofinternaltransitduties, dishonorableones,whichAureviily,mhismag-.portsonly;thedistrictlatelyvacatedbyMr. whichfromtimeimmemorialhavebeenlevied,and narumity,will.forbeartouchingupon,thatcon- LeonhardHornerhavingbeenannexedpartlyto uponwhichthewholecourseofGovernmentmore tributedtobloatHumboldt'snametoasizealto- SirJohnKincaird'sdistrict(Scotland),andpartlyor less depends. If the point is yielded by the Em- gether out of proportion to his real deserts! In theperor, a revolution is certain. If contested, it first place, there is something high-sounding in the to Mr. Redgrave's district, now comprising 3,075ceive the yarn from some manufacturer who trades in purely mechanical trades. They offer sometimes a with them, and return to him the woven fabric.But this cooperative system is not confined to the' passing resource to hopeful young aspirahtB, and hardspinningandweavingofcotton. Ithasextended earnedbreadtobrokendownmen,whoareatlast tothetradeonavarietyofarticlesofconsumption, forcedbyhungercrlateawakenedjudgmenttorelin-seems bardly probable that he can withstand the very word "Humboldt," something that catches factories and printworks; while Mr. Robert Baler's powerfulforcenowonthewayagainsthim.Hu- theearandimposesupontheimagination.But'district(Ireland,andsomepartsofEngland), manlyspeaking,therecomesdisasterandutterrain quiteapartfromtheeuphonyofthename,how remainswithinitsoldboundaries. Thefollow-some valuable information in regard to the progress tures bear marks of certain cleverness and real merit. townsmen, has sent or ordered for sending to Balti- ofthisnewsystemofmill-ownership,which,Iam [Myfriend,Mr.L.,receivedayearorsoagofroma morewithinthepastfifteenmonths,mynotewouldbenpon China in any event, and no one acquainted came it to happen that Humboldt lorded it over the with the country can fail to anticipate fearful scenesrelativeofhis,oneofourAmericanWesternCatholicBishops, a request to tins effect: "Have painted forour new church in X., by some French artist, theseriesoftheChemindeCroix;thefiguresofsuchsize illustrativeexamplesofthehumorousoftheHotel as to properly fill with their accessories a canvas of tening is a general abstract, showing the total num- of anarchy and bloodshed when even the present French triumvirate. composed of Ampere, Saint ber of accidents reported to the three Inspectors>>imperfectGovernmentisoverthrown. Evennow, Hilaire,andCuvier? Beinggreatinventorsand duringthesixmonthsendedthe30thApril,1850: enceatRochdale,underthestyleofthe\NewBacupthe southern and western provinces are in uproar*. demonstrators, they could not but be specialistes in In every direction, armed bands of robbers are col- their glory as " they were in their studies," incom-lecting, some claiming tobelong totheTae-ping- prehensible to the dull mass of mankind, whilewang rebellion, and some fighting only for plunder. Humboldt, whose exclusive task it was to generalizeEvery day brings news of villages plundered and and popularize science, attained, of course, a moreinrnt, even in the neighborhood oi Canton, and general, because more vulgar glory. Such, ex-the high price of imported rice places it beyond the never extended beyond the office of the Pays, mustxeach of the poorer classes. If famine is to be be made of. In one word: Humboldt engrossedadded to war and bloodshed, truly the Chinese will public attention-because, instead of being a truecrowds of starving. Chinese come pouring in, having16claimsAureviDy,isthesadlawofglory. Itmust lost all but their lives. descend in order to expand, and lose in quality This will be a fearful Summer. The reports what it gains in quantity. Hence one may safely infer what sterling stuff Aurevilly's glory, thatlarge.factory, Far Holaae Mill, near Stacksteaa, of 100from the rice districts are as yet unfavorable, andAmp. of any part ol leg or foot.... Fract. of limba and5Fracture of Hand orfootdend of 48 per cent on the paid-up capital), aud theysciences, to make inexpensive devotional profits out of son, which was wellfilledfour days, among a number*terfere with the internal affairs of another. To strange delusion that Humboldt was oneclaim exemption from inordinate duties upon British of the first, if not the first man of co- Correspondence of T h e N . Y . Tribune.goodsattheportofentrywouldnotbeanunusual temporaneous science. When'•Monsieur de .. LONDON, July10,I860. thefactoryoperationiscompleted;orelsetheyre- whosewagesarelessthanthoseofthenicerworkmenNature of Injury. M. F. M. F. M. P. M. F. Total. CompaniesAct,andxmliniited. They commencedop- Cauelug death.... tt 3 7 2 . 2 2 23 7. 30 erationsatCloughHouseMill,Wardie.nearRochdale, Axuputat'n of right with power to raise a capital of £100,000, in shares ofby twelve feet." The sum offered for the whole series madethe priceof each onesomething lessthan$50. Well, a painter, whose pieceshave been received at thoAmpntat'n of left hand.or a i m . . . .Amputot'n of part npw1increased to £30,000, and about five years ago built ahave seen several of the paintings, deduced and broughtup to life size from a series of engravings, and I canassure you that they have a considerable worth of M.Signol's own, independent of the merit of composition,due, of course, to the original Gorman designer. Let thoof light hanidd... 23 24 29 22 15 Amputtat'n of _partof1*" 16172118 lelt hand.'.4542 87 Gand the half year ending October last they paid a divi- dend at the rate of 44 per cent on the paid-up.capital (Mr. Patrick reports on the 11th June, that the New Bacup and Wardie Commercial Company, ' ParHoursofworkperweek... «9G$80th. 8Occupation*.•'•• •:••:-''.'•,.'::•./',•-•,(•:•-.''• 24ah.7 18Steam-engine tenderWarehouseboys.....Warehousemen......Carding cepartment—-Scutchers (young womentolerably accurate calculation of the pecuniary amounttheycameto,buthavemislaidorlostit. Itended andsomeotherofhisworksaretrulyfins.HisnameSkippen (young men)»-. 11 25commends indifferent and bad pieces to tho vanity of was impressive, as large round numbers alwayB are. amateurs. Nine-tenths of aH bis canvases if painted'{ Dresaera.... j Bleachers^...16 and 15......31 16Djers.. wFinishers ..........21 33 Drouot. 'theyrefused his doctor'sdegreethat year toa youngfellow, partly because the rector's wife thought him :«! too young for such dignity, whose tliesis has sinceoperatives, because no groat capital is required to some a profit to the master manufacturer as other start them in their undertaking. They purchase cheapfabrics. Theyare made byyoung apprentices the yarn ready for the loom, weave the cloth, and, and simple mechanical journeymen of the fine arts,work upon a charming picture for that gentleman, t h esubjectofwhich,suggestedbymyBaltimorean friend,Mr. L . istaken from Hawthorne's Scarlet Letter.. I tpromisestobethebestworkofMerle'sthathasyetbeen ordered for America. J t is much larger—by otherthan superficial measurement—than the pretty.speci-menofMerle'stalentnowinpossessionofMr.Belmontlwbiwnorreccr?^picturesbyanymeansareoatatogued.Theestimateof 10,W)0isprobabr/inanyhundredsunder,ratherthansentedashis.AnythingauthenticallyhisssUsftrMr. X., " on account Ofhis death,'' or " a cauxedc de- new unclassed variety. Every one knows how long— -InhiscorrespondencewithVarnhagenhestillre- wages. Theanticipationsofthosewhowarnedthe part"(oneortheotherofwhichleavetakingsofMessrs. evenafterhisbuddinggeniusburstoutinrichluxu-ofNew-York.Fortherest,wereItospeakindetailo€ suchasflour,groceries,draperies,etc. quishthelongattemptofpersuadinganobstinatepub- alltheworks(morethanthirtyinnumber)whichMr.,The following report, drawn up by Mr. Patrick, lic that their creative genius was on a level with their L., acting as friendly commissioner for some of hia one of Sir John Kincaid's sub-inspectors, contains liking for art. Hpnce, occasionally these furniture pic-afraid,willbeputtoaseveretestbythenextin- dustrial crisis."MAY 16, I860.'ACCIDENTS ARISING PROM MACHINERY. years. They are incorporated1 under the Joint Stock • • ,-Ad't*-v^-'Pg per.-v-Clind. •Total-,. hand orarm.... 5 6 3 1 1 — 9 7 16 £12 10s., £20,000ofwhichwaspaidup. They then salon,was foundwho undertook the commission. Itooprolonged. Initsbrevity,stillletitserveasnote ofvretrningto you New-Yorkers that Baltimoreans do> not surpass you.]•" There has been a cooperative company in exist-To come back to Lord Seymour's sale, and to furtherand Wardle Commercial Company,' for about twelveDrouot—showing how whim, fashion, and other acci- dentscoolandwarmtheloveof amateurs,anddarken or enlighten the knowledge of connoisseurs. An aqua- relle by Decamps, Turkish Horseman Crossing a Ford', was sold there for 16,900 francs, which origin- ally cost Lord Seymour 1,200 franks; a pastel by Panl Delaroche, ReadingtheBible, was adjudged for 6,90(1 francs; a pendant pastel, by the same, The Conversa* tion, brought but 925 francs. '1267 50 120 horse-power ateam, in addition to Clouuh House Mill;At the sale of Count d'Houdetot's gallery, this sea- 39 43 30 37 20 15 . 89 95 184 havenowincreasedtheircapitaltothesumof£60,000, them. Anysoul-savingsmadefrom them seemtome' of Chardins was onebid off byan agent of.Countbones of trunk* • 30 11 43 11 11 4 84 26. 110 Holme Mill, Bacup,' have just declared another divi-faithful of that Western church Bettle it with their con-to the extraordinary activity of trade during thehalf year. Such was the demand for work thatin some branches of industry the supply of laborwas insufficient. This difficulty w a s less preva-lent in the woolen manufactures, where improvedmachinery allowed the manufacturers to dispensewith manual labor, than in cotton and worstedfactories, where much machinery has been stand-ing for want of hands, particularly of the younger. thriving, in consequence of the want oi sufllcient" dilleras and his Equinoctial Plants, in his Politi- in sums from £150 down to £10, without any mort- ever, to state that they are all poor things. Sometimes" cal Essay on Cuba, and even in his strictly botan- children of tender age, who were bound to the oges bemg given. When this cooperative company off for 8,000 francs, although it was life size and. by •fleet here, yet no one would imagine it to be so. " ical works, he was never anything beyond a trav- manufacturers for a term of years. The children frst started, every shareholder was an operative. In they are very good, some rare times even they may Delaroche. This shows that mere name does not-al-sage .in Humboldt's letters to Varnhagen which by these agents. Still, the importation into a manu- ever, has been returned as 13-horse and the number of francs. Mr. P . bought it a few years ago for 5,000you have it, exclaims Mr. Aurevilly. Hum- taught,andwhoseservices become valuable in a comparatively short period, a r e most in request,part, although they work with and as their own work-men, hire and pay wages as any other manufacturer, 780 francs. Had it been signed Jacques, instead ofwithouttheworkpeopleemployedhavinginterestin SolomonRuysdael,itwouldhavebroughttentimes thosepromisingyoungartists,McGilpBrownand the business. Thore were many more of these atBacup than there are now. Some have given it up,while others have succeeded and either built mills forthemselves or rent largo premises. There are more of alogues and art dictionaries, to the master's time, was pepectic to the ripe age of 99, Michael Angelo till 90, this eort at Rochdale than any other place in my di-vision." .boldt himself confesses that " his Cosmos is no idea, there is no ready demand for the labor of the man "norasystemofideas,"butsimply"apicture andhiswife,unskilledinfactorylabor. Thishas" show," and the public is fond of such exhibitionsGamboge Redlake, need fear premature death, if they with a genealogy satisfactorily traced up, through cat- will but live cleanly, for Titian lived sober and undya-as proved by the success of the late Albert Smith. induced some manufacturers to return, in some But this is not all. Humboldt prides himself upon measure, to the old apprenticeship system, and towriting a style telling not only upon the under- Cnter into engagements for specific periods, withstanding, but also upon the heart and the imagina- boards of guardians, for the labor of destitute pau-tion. Consequently,itisthestyleandnotthesci- perchildren. Inthesecases,themanufacturer ence, it is the writer and not the naturalist that has lodgeB, clothes and feeds the children, but pays imposed upon the public. By his confounded phra- them no regular wages. With the return of thisthat sum. A little Adrian Ostade, of first quality, andtreatment, and numerous conversions are reported.TheBoman Cath<^ M J ^ J ^ ^ M e exceedingly seology, by his portico-scientific wayB of speakiiig, system, complaints of its abuse seem also to haveVIEWS OF THINGS, ETC., IN PARIS. A Wouvermann's, with the inevitable white horse, Zurburanand Murillo to 64, Proudhon and Rubens-"thispeculiarstylenotsufficienttoaccountforthe clothe,tofeedandtoprovidemedicalattendance " popularity of Humboldt, and the general prostra- and proper superintendence for 50 or 100 Of thesealready,in Canton, and thenumber rapidly in- "tionbeforehisgenius?" Besides^itischaracteris- boyB,andtosetasidesomeremuneration forthem, edge,thanfinearts. There ishardlyanother theme day'sprice.SoBoucher'svoluptuousindecencies,whichto the love of facts. Thore is something exceed- ingly naive in the illustration M. Aurevilly tendersweek. - ' • ' . ' -VA comparison of the rate of wages paidto factoryulence, articulate east wind. I take some credit toWatteau'sfinery-coloredprettinesses and artificial fan-of this fashionable predilection for facts.Themyeelffor pretermitting any attempt to serve up heremination. ' The agreement was that the RebelChiefs should receive legitimate promotion in theimperial Army, and that 830,000 should be dis-tributedamongtheirfbU^wers. Butasthemoney ionofsarcasticAureviDy,endearedtheCosmo?to perday. Thefollowingstatementshavereferencenow (of all places) for nine—I declare I hava forgotten aconductedasanyinmydivision. Ithink,thoughIdid* yearshehad"finished"morethanonethousandof moneyandhissemi-fraternalopportunitiesofincreas-- not ask them the question, that they have borrowedmoney at 5 per cent interest.. them; " so that finally my hand," he said, " was con- ing his store at the Bourse, it was cheap. As the " There has been another in existence in the neigh- " firmed in a habit of muscular action to that degree other half brother, the Emperor, with his opportunitiesborhood of Bacup about six years, trading under the " that, if I would scratch my knee or whisk aflyfrom and bottomless private purse, did not pay a centime^ firm of the • Roeeendale Industrial Association.' "my nose, it involuntarily made the short, chopped more than you or I would have bid—if we carried the•'They built a factory; but, I am told, were not " movement to which the everlasting stippling of troerfunds. This, also, was on the cooperative system. " tops had wonted it."] Some vicious methods have been adopted in past The firm has now been changed to ' The Rossendalebag under like conditions—for two charming Paters a ttheNorz sale, last April, 25,000 francs. This sale oi-thirty-two pictures attracted an unusual affluence of . timestomeetthistransitorydeficiencyoflabor. In IndustrialCompany,'andareincorporatedunderthe Itishardlynecessarytosaythatcopiesofthean- amateurs,andoutoftheirpockets101,220francs,pluse l e r speaking passionately of his journeys, and being once apprenticed, the Poor-Law officers con- addition to the Wear mill, that referred to as having (bating the bull) be originals—at least no ordinary con^ ways entirely blind amateurs's eyes. The piece was" one may ask himself what Humboldt would have gratulated their respective parishes on their deliv-been built by the Rossendale Industrial Association, noisseur can detect internal proofs to the contrary. one of that celebrated artist's worst. I. have spokenthey have now bought of Messrs. B. Mum BTOB., Hence the importance of signatures and genealogy; of the Emperor as a bidder at this sale; at another, thin* Irwell Mills, in Bacup, and are working tho two." The prosperity and SUCCCBB of the New-Bacup and and hence the grave doubt and faith of amateurs and year, he was a biddce. A little sepia drawing of his WardieCommercialCompanyseemtohavegivenrise soi-disantconnoisseurs. Exceptingthetalkofthedif- ofthechateauofArenenberg,madelongago,andgiven, to the new companies that are now formed in my im- ferent members of our queerly complicate, unclassified by his mother to her friend,.Madame Recamier—meas-" had to say if he had not.traveled? Whether he proceeded to make the best of his bargain by keep-" was even able to think without having seen?" In. ing them at the mosteconomical rate, and by screw-pointoffact,Mr.AurevillyinfersfromHumboldt's traveling propensities that he was devoid of phuWingfromthemallthelaborofwhichtheywereca-pable. Hence the first of the series of Factory mediate vicinity, and preparing large factories to carry New-York societies, I know none more amusing to an uring three inches by four—worth, without signatureerance from idle mouths, wnile the manufacturer" other factories," and was merely intended to miti- cent. This Company has already started, having taken that the unfledged biped did have a wholesale grand- trameQed by the alliance. Every one feels that " skeptic, a self-contradictory skeptic. He was a gate the evils of the apprenticeship system. But an unoccupied factory of 40-horse power, Vale Mill, father and not a retail father, and daub and booby are, A fine collection, brought to the hammer two years ago (May, 1858), was that of Mr. Hope. It was composed of twenty pictures only, and brought over $36,000. The superficially largest canvas, and the gem of this choice gallery, was a Hobbema» let go .for 43,000 francs. Not so large nor so complete a speci- men of that greatest paysagist's genius, but more pleas- ingthanthefamousPatmeausaleof aprecedingyear, which the Berlin banker snapped up as a pen'norththere is something wrong somewhere, and thatFrance has something more in view than themere enforcement of a treaty, which, so far asborhood failed to supply the . mills with their when complete, which they think will be in February qualities—not that intrinsic merit, when it really is next. ' * merit, is overlooked at the Hotel Drouot. If poor them. The prevailing opinion is that the French tery of Humboldt's world-wide fame, and satisfied full complement of hands. These manufac- " Another is * The Ravenstall Cotton Manufacturing things are often bid off at prices quite out of measure contingentisheretowatchandhinder,nottohelp; himselfthatHumboldt'snamebecameagreatname turers sent to Ireland, and brought over Irish Company,' also limited^ with a nominal capitalof withthoirintrineicworth,reallygoodthingsarerarely because it was an euphonic name, that he got a families; but Ireland has ceased to. be the market £50,000, in £ 5 shares, with power to borrow to the sacrificed. On the whole, the range of prices there is" great scientific reporter, always at work,-well- as improvements were made in machinery, a dif- New-Church; and they are building the ' Victoria high prized by Monsieur d'llletanting and Mister Jen-" informed, and very careful in drawing up his re- " ports," which were his passion."ferent kind of labor was wanted, when trade Works,' which will require an engine ofTOO-horse kins respectively, quite irrespective of their intrinsic became brisk, and the population of the neigh- power. They calculate, upon employing 450 peopleTHE HOTEL DROUOT.[Third Article.].bought by M. Pierard for 5,000francs,brought 25,700 grace and exuberant force—to 63.cies, gave way to the heroic subjects and severity of operatives in 1839 and that paid in 1859 proves the a syDabubbled dish of »sthetic discourse, considering it design of David and his school. Good proofs of goodhighly interesting fact that the rate of wages has risen, at least nominally, in factories where the hours of work were restricted to 60 per week, while, with a few exceptions, a real reduction has been suffered in the printing, bleaching, and dyeing works in which the labor of children, young per-could be whipped up BOeasily from the material at engravings after Boucher and Watteau are now sold band. Howabundantthatmaterial,whattemptationI atratesthatwouldhavebeenthoughtdearenoughre*have resisted, and what bore you, General Reader, have escaped, may be judged from a few facts, pressed as dry as possible, and here presented. In the past sea-the original picturesinthe time of the Empire. A n- other illustration of the changes of fashion, which are not more arbitraryand extravagant in respect of dressHe had bought it not long before in the late ofchroniqiuscandalcuse.of mhia which endears this chronique to the literary sons, and women is unrestricted, and where they son, dating, say, from mid-September, 1859, to nud- than of pictures, was the prfce^aid by the Marquis of whether it was nine poundf, or dollars,or k*»p&amNow, the very same statedilettantism of the Paris portiers, has, in the opin- are at times employed fourteen and fifteen hoursJuno, 1860, there have been sold at tho Hotel I>rouot Hertford, for the Borungtoniat the sale of'. h^ brotherj morethan10,000canvases,panels,andnull-boards. LordSeymour—51,000.francs,forwhatcostthe.laWZi-Xl,*:only, sura that if he got it with theframe, the pom w«wd«ar,imdifwithoutthefr^• • " • - • • , / „Untitled Documentstruck off at 25,000 francs. Had it been discovered last Tintoretto and Claude Getes till 82, Primaticcio and yearinabric-a-brac,shop,yourservant'smeansmight Oiardinto80,Greuzeto79,RevolatioaaryDavidto have eompassed its purchase' despite its quality. 77, Pouesin to 71, Rembrandt to 68, Da Vinci to 67,thenextgenerationwillingiving.HisVeaitianviews Thomas M. Tryniski 309 South 4th Street Fulton New York 13069II • . — VVHJLwww.fultonhistory.comMMMMiMi»*im*<*!&<!??!m*^*W«S«^*^i^^^W '-'': '^, *-^-"*^h i ^^ 