 j.., ... ,:. I"-**.-„I , • IV'.tah 8t important jort- n the fr. tethoso ropT«-*entat^n»«Oth« fubli-n« Barte wbfch |a»«j be recessw t-> iralte c*oe»»'i-f " fnetraSatrs. ftgoiifrh their ugent. .*fi«* tboahafci uk-o cue eogn^tant sot rnhr to the remaining population, but is <i uf bed cf fill unhappy condition ot the 30,000 w tI.:idrenw-bbwerewanderingabout tbe mountai out foixi or shelter With respeqt to tbe geueral < t tbeT-.:rkab empire, a commttsion bad bsen!3BKbasj •t been sold f>r sUOftJN So short• a thi* £Ho*r|e»«e corias May, 18»8,«r . Lever was Jfialy one of t^e Tbe i - . . U : m « | „ ichanuat Haspta* DiUb,fla%Bbester and not in afc lo*txa.: wer* 'ition toobtaiaasiibsiiy orasrr»hitnuge;e*l*-.•* Waal |ae watt* -^..--••ftlM-and Safwss Parted. mwesterlfeitaiiwmy, u Wi*—. byacroargafSportiatm,„ ^t^wn after tea o'cioc* J>har? ».*>* NtytWeas oaitiu* »*,. te, Messrs. Howe* and t> lineatmv IJIie'JSC, Ar>•• ia, via— >» \ iv, lvwu < »/W ,S«13>- '» cf these rnauerr, t..-,u OJia.teaur? the present BOb^ Wnipi to i s registered ta the proper ' l ^ f f c ^.SSI'ilial r.a and J<t Ju*oa *-a t ! am *>J"tic u:ich to assert that these barean' -If from tbe hue arV r ' U M a r tton r'tbat Ireland w. er.-a at tb.J UC«t»e~al*rfeea*erc* and interceuri*J" ",,„ i whether I .urs therec^f he»!*..ys rarrto-1 tato di-e execution. Ta ii •Ua:nl to which -lie tt "<> if ^ J ^ l J ^ t*>r mr **** be »t known unto thee, giving; full creaetwe.to the Impe-meditation* of th« morcbaots «"«"iugigi'a.uzz IX tcb we - • Jgjtnh'-vmay not attempt t^ portray. H* m* ships, and lie IrMHeesu^ JattJacA Owen fUr'ft, Je r»ever rreetveaay wwsuatal reward • * * £ :bis living whcreah< ut should never roars be knowa to mortal man. If all the reported delays »of this story be true, it displays wonderful instinct of race In tbe Berke- leys—one of whom lent bis castle tor the "disposing" of the veo flrtt man who had borne the title of "Waljes"— poor Sdwsrd of Caernarvon!was to maks all things ciear. »r. irwu w»* un a richat owe b UKeced that ne waa pleased at to- itrosBteaa^ starting cTto the iandoftbsatarsandstr.tv",. C b a d T J . arranged tt^at tho*e" we have named »bote sho-iM aeconT par., the- party to the vsasel-. but this at the last nttouta wmso*err«fd « t aceonnt cf frryrei baring injur* 1rate rightjeg/tfy a epiU from t;. gi, on M * l i > 7 w * S, u|»MK-iJarljrib^«Tr_R^^ eJ)fr;. , , . ..merciaipoe:-Li [«{r*i2?irT« r 1Ic the debate ;a the B;msa Uous* of i^rds, July 9, Lord Srnarroao D« B a n c u m aasd that b f re their lord- tbiis proceeded to the bust**** cf th* ovv-uiug be wishedIf.(f;s:i4[ is Iaboutto.aie her-, , ,_„ri<:a this lis•••'' *'•• "> jwnmunic*-w ho would willingly see unnecessary interference in tha .,; ask Hoiaequestions of the o»l.le lord who more imme- interna! affairs of other nations; but with re*p*:t t3No other heir apparent of tbe same family made; evenso near an approach to "going abroad" daring his heir- vlbose names are latrodaced Into the blue books els inn cmu,ad bitri to walk very lame, a*. Heesao ! « £die neioera ever built: and also of c .tgdaluUUng.tn*coojp»iiy upon bavin* in their employ a geuthmati wuusebtgL pMtten, turliag latagrtty, urbanity of rmoBeraai-l irc» a-jquainlaiMx- with traasatliulx ii)uim.'rce andtraneljto we!! cnUlte hi:a to tho:r Cv-antoace. I wishhave acted in a manner that gave more security to the ople than had been the case with their successors, e principal tribes were Druses, who were Mahometans, d seemed to be the most powerful, and tbe Mtrunites, bo were Christians. It appeared that iu May lastthings, however, except their undying attachment, the colonies, especially tbe great one to which his Royal High- nets will devote most attention, are greatly changed since t!ie y*ar 1800.tate by M.v- Mar&h, tbe biographer of Captain Hedley V,. cars; a book, by Mr. Charles Reade on the copyright «foes- ti< r. In Its uirii -t aspects, including copyright in ideas; and an authorized English translation of Alexandre Do-TkeWurta Sjri-la—Belrat U a n f r r .aidrrab'eumberofdocumentslikelytoproveofInterest to the comffiiMiion charged with the puMicattM of ths Emperor's correspondence. He has ascertained tbat a voluminous series of letters of N'apoleoi 1. are preserved st Vienna, bnt tbe Austrian government has hitherto de- clined to communicate them.1 . ' CITIIJ. ORR5U.L LEVER.fortunately, met none of the ominous brood riminatelywomenandchillren,untilinsomeinstances2.800000.SiDce1811thepopulationhasincreasedinofMotherCarey'schickens.TousetheIan generosityofatorygovernmentcouldnotsaveit.Al-lettersofNapoleoui,hasarrivedtoParawithacoo-I Batters Correspondence of the Boaton Travell'ir.] Baatrt, Juae 33, IsidO.tis,and, from the last accounts, had threatened t J takeiosseF?ion of that place, where the Christians were in(teat alarm and'anxiety. Tbe subject was one which m- vinces. Another third consists of persons born in Canada( t/ America, folu: would that thou wert uot so far re- movi j from us'chairs, with leather cushions. The box lobby to tbe first tier has become a 'greenhouse, filled with flowers aad shrubs. Three of the centre boxes have been suppressed to form a flower basket, be.ow wt ich a a heap of rocksived; also, whether her Majesty's government intended Lake Superior which will be required to complete tbe had at least no furious gales to contend with, and her trip capital; and further calls in order to carry ou the spe;uU covered witb marine plants. From tbe centre of these ,y any part of tbe information in question on the table route, while the growth and extension of the population was marked by no casualties of moment. Ill has been re- tipn With any chance of stccese. We have all througj rocks springs a cascade, which tails into a circular basin; e House, and in that case when? also whether her of Canada ovt r the vast region will forever bar out the marked that the denizens of Southampton bad grawnso stated tbat, having gone into speculation, there was and betwixt the acta ajet, capriciously lighted by gleamsty's government had taken any and what steps, slave power, and extend the domain of free labor. Oaly accustomed to the presence of the big ship among them, nothing for it but to give a cheerful and liberal pecuniary of gas, springs nn in tbe midst cf the basin, the banks of er singly or in concert with other Powers, for the by its energies can the difficulties of obtaining subsis- tbat she was permitted to depart with cmsjderabiy le3s support to the governing body, or to a.iow ihe which are furnifbed with flowers, plants and verdure.'*•*§§,«/r a v i n g the Mritse it tobecoiiflrmH :a the posKr?lou of the aforesaid by tbe Porte to make;inquiries, and the aubassiI**-j America by oj« u , and thou ahi'.t be carefu! «! a t the h:»h provi-aspirai-on8. but be did not see his way to that suosily.Suddenly, however, bis office door opened, U U'.G'Maliey Irwin came upon htm, the Dew ex maebfa*. fore b^^Tea tbe walls of tbat station. fta«aaatias«ithe great Powers deferred any further steps until th«y bad receive<i tbe report of that com miss on.Lord Bttoroiuti ws* deeply impressed with the painful recorfeetlm rial signet Poce in toe eecaad ier-ai* of the sacred importance of this sribject, and thought his noble friendand a nmeroos retinue, drove up to the htatioo aad taA' comtcien.-.ed such cheering as bad never been aaSHTJ?haii been but too well informed as to the extent of themifchiiT and cruelty which bad been perpetrated. Hebelieved that the Turkish governmewt bad sinned morethrough weakness. With respect to an observation of hisnoble friend, accusing him of a violation of the law ofnations in his allusions to Garibaldi, he was the last manship as this. Frederick, the father of George the Third, t mk* * « y m T i . ^ * an f pwtil orrespoi eiotire to a subject which hid only to b? maationed to i-aribaldi, be was as much a Sicilian as William 111. was traversed the sea in ha twentysecoad year to assume:b man; for a Parliamentary agent, wbo <aew bis cir-i-Jnte- tut 1 5*nowher.)!tw<JT.. ' V ' ^ ^ ^ ' ^ ^ i b l e - t t r i ^ » , a s » will. iately represented tbe tu.-eigju Department in thai house,tie::* aad outlay, i t w i : >••.-<" b* *unstautmofle,the wellg-.iaided.thai,.,. lea byte.(5.:tt:: s mgLature )IU Bjrd's, which was protected by the Druse Chief. to rthich he had Just called their lordships' attention.The Canadian government has long been sensible that driving them out of their wits with ball, dinner and levee Canada forms tbe best route, by ber lakes and the St. giving; and 30 soon as the necessary arrangements have I-awrence, to and from the most fertile of the Western been completed, and a view of the interior of the ship exA :tr to Cay lH:ir el Kame will probably be aniuhabiu i .-• f^risome time, trout the stench of M> many hundreds <f unlipried bodes."The noble and learned lord, in his very natural and praiseworthy zeal against tyranny, especially when it as- sumed the form oi a violation of humanity, treated, as itprovinces of the United States; au-l it has kept steadily tended to the general public of the metropolis of thein view tbe improvement of its inland navigation, m United States, we shall doubtless hear of a fever tiations now proceeding result in an arrangement be-A . * people of the town above referred to were de appeared to hi in. those great principles of international I.bera slaughtered ia c»ll blood, after ttey had lawl which were connected with this and so many other give:. p their arms to the Turkish authorities. The subjects concerning the interests of the civilized world.order to sbare with New York the trade between E irose of rejoicing and festivity such a3 will thru*- theand the Western States. The Welland canal, connecting memories of many successive 4ths o' Jul/ into; the Lake Erie with Lake Ontario, the Rideau canal aad a shade, and may even rival the heyday and intoxication oftween the Canadian government and the compmy, theconimercial result will be enhanced, not only without fur mous success which "Orfeo" obtaiuel recently at tbe. ir disarming them, turned theoi over to the le-.-fS who put them to the sword, aided bv the Turkish S.i|<Jie 'in a manner which rather surprised him I<oni Stratfordde Hedclille), as coming from such a distinguished source.ther demands on the Irish shareholders, but with a rea sociable prospect of tbe return of a substantial proportion of Jtheir capital. If it be true that the company is inTheatre Lyrique in Par>, would of itself have incited Mr. Gye and Mr. Costa to present the opera in Ixmcon, had they not been long urged to bring out one of tbe eke/t- d'teuvre of the German master, who, looking to his im mense reputation and the popularity even now which he enjoys to bis own country, has been strangely over- looked to a theatre whose ambitien and aim bavc been aad are to uphold high art. Tbat Gluck's operas will ever become favorite works in our operatic establishments we very much doubt. However, tt was necessarv to make the experiment, and the director of the Royal Italian ope- ra is entitled to the thanks of all true lovers of music tor making it. How worthy Gtuck was thought of being well represented may be guessed from a glance at the cast, which was thus.—Orfeo, Mme. Csillag; Eurydice, Mme. Pence; The Happy Shade (L'Ombra reiice), Mme. Miolan Carvalho; and LAmore, Mme. Nantier-Didi««. of these Mme. (Villag bad by far the m.«st arduous task to perform—mor^ tiian the other three combined. Eury- dice, indeed, the Happy Shade aud L'Amore are very small parts, and are all subsidiary and wait upon Orfeo. Mme. Miolan Carvalho appears but in one S5ene—the Hy- sian Fields—and has but one motive to sing, and that for her voice not singularly telling; nevertheless, she gave the air, '-yuesto prato sempre aateno"—a sort of pastoral—ptacil to character, and extremely me- lodiouE—with undeviating good taste and' great charm of voice Eurydice appears more than once, but has only one scene in which she exert* her voice faculties—tbat in which, after Orpheus leads her from the infernal regions, she falls again into the em-mi..- ll i,Lord WortEborsE said that having'only yesterday re-and notes of admiration, which they bestow indiscrimi- Way to preference shareholders, for in no other possible nately upon festivals, fasts and riots, upon battles, mur- manner could capital be raised in sufficient time, with ders and sudden deaths. When the feasting, and cheer- shares at a discount of from 30 to 40 per cent aad some ing, and champagne drinking are all over, th* real Work- original stock unissued. On the other hand, if the go- ing existence of the Great Eastern will begin. As yet ber vernment of Canada make Galway a station, and not a steam cannot be said to have been fully and fairly tested. port of call, like Cork, and give its inilucnce to the pro- She did not, we learn, make more than fourteen and a ject;, and if no more than £180.000 be lo?t up to ibis, there half knots an hour during the voyager but it must beU«-r ifccx is congealed with horror at these atrocitios. leained lord an opportunity of more fully expressing hisurred about a half a day's ridJ from Beirut, or views upon the subject. after the manner of the Vest, about twentyTo-day these Druses are at our doors. •nu- ttlng sun may tell a bloodier tale thaubeen related. The ships will bombard thet..»! or tbe town is in possession of these fiends, but ceived a private intimation of the intention of his noble ll..-i. an do us no good- The next steamer will no friend to put bis questions, he could not give that precise i:o .ht rry you intelligence that Beirut has also be "i information with regard to details which otherwise he blottt- and that much Christian blood has been miglit have done. I'pou the general question, however, a^li'e. or you may bear of a cessation of hostilities. of what in brmation her Majesty \s government had re- Were I not that the Moslem clement has bf en so largely ceived from Svria, he was sorry to say he could affirm ei-r' Hep, wc might hope that the Druses were ready to entirely the account which had been given by bis noble C i l tir wotkof slaughter; but now the Moalemi are friend. Despatches were received yesterday at the i „ i . i the Druses to come to their aid. Foreign Office, the dates ot which he could not recall toAmerican journals have put forth those wonderful Gladstone's statement in the House on Friday shows it is) synopses of occurrences, interspersed with large capitals or with regard to capital, the original holders should giveborne in mind that her long probation at Southamptoi had rendered her keel exceedingly foul. Her passengerslue;to ••>|x:enabled vessels of 800 tons to pass from the ocean toLake Ontario, and vessels of 400 tons to pass thence toIskes Erie, Huron and Michigan. Then, however, rail-ways come into use, and ensuring a speedy connection, atall times, between the Western States and New York,while the lake navigation and the St. Lawrence wenclosed in winter, it became necessary that Canada, to*,should baye a system of rail ways. One has been formsd,nndewthe guarantee of the State, and, by the help of it*advances, connecting the Americnu railways, west of thegreat lakes, with the ocean through Canada in winterI i , i * seen from my window the military Pasha going mind; but one of them was of the 18th ult., describing a » ... t the town trying to calm the tumult and diaparss statei of things in Syria than which nothing could be more the 'Akd This morning the Antericaa missionaries miserable and more deserving the compassion of all reai .'.<•• Beirut from Siuou, which has so long been threat- Christian nations. Atone o' the principal places where cue-i w th a massacre. The same British man of-war these horrors had been perpetrated it appeared tbat a w hi b >;ought away the Americans, brought ate > 600 re number of Christians bad been induced to lay down t*ieir fu^eea to Beirut. Damascus has only been preserved arms, and the day afterwards they were attacked by the f in a struclion by the ert.»rtsof the famous Algerinechef, i bdel Kapler, who has organized ai tflljieat corps,wtii.U «trol the city day and night But the alarm isverj gieatevennow, tadlettersappealingforhelp come accounts of the massacres, but it was atated in t evo y mail one M tbe despatches which bal been receivedJ sub bin herewith a translation of the Sultan's decree by the government that a considerable number of o reli,j ejus toleration. The imperial will and the facts Chrlalians had escaped. There waa reason, therefore, are at »i lance. to hope that the actual number of massacres t A v a . BMi or THK rtajtas o» m^ u m u t xuajrtx aa- was lot so large as had been represented. It appearedther south, to attract to it a continually increasing trafficfrom the West. More than twenty vessels passed Ianheavy sea, a cupfull of tea did not overflow its saucer. Finally, she seems to hare been piloted through the devious entrance to New York and moored alongside tber < •- «DJ3>, i,.:i,Mw ur ravos or aos c'soi^rasr .Ht'aii !t>Mostof thiw.tli a'act KMthat i he Chi istians defended themselves for sometime, tweeu these extremes he will see every phase ot Re handed over to the Canada Company the large subsidyHerald of the 11th instant, has brought intelligence of a wanton and dreadful outrage by the Koasohs upon tbe in- habitants of Magbelli, near Cape Coast Castle, on the morning of tbe 14th or June. The following are the details —Most of tbe male population were absent, and only the old and infirm were to the town. The Pa Subu was at Ro etleh, on the Port Lokkob Road. The attacking partyCOli - ol*J by (J most High with abundant gifts, and Mooshu-, noMo fritsnd had described it, wis one of the greatestat th* ,of mj gateof felicity, my Vitier M••hem*1 confusion and disturbance. Howthefoud had originated P:»-i'a, Cod bepl*wsed to preserve htm kmg in his nobojy st-enied to know; but it appeared that uot onlyThere is a Princ of Wales on the seas, wendin» hisway, by a course which Prince of Wales never yet fol but, as the larger one has been sold, we sappose thelowed, to an object which none of the young gentlemen smaller one is in the market, and we may expect that inbearing that proud title ever yet cared for. Thj earliest due time the Newfoundland contract will tlud its pur- tip-iti;<•]res tot) small companies, and assigned differente ^a te Ity.U-t l1 be tnowu on receipt or this, my noble rescript,by large bodies of the Mahometan inhabitants of the v. neibas, Those of my Christian subjects who have em- plains. It seemed that the Turkish authorities hid notparti of (he town to each division. One of them attacked tbe missionary premises, another the British tralers, and they] were scattered wherever tbey thought to find plun- der.! Tbe special objects of attack were the British sub-t ^ t . |brace t | b e Protestant faith hare suffered iuconvenieuies been sufficiently active tn taking steps to suppress theand where they were little welcome. Thefirs*,of thani who "left o^f England on the lea" was scare sly tuirteam years of age when his mother Isabella led hi.u over ta France, and in a few months of 1S25 and the follow ins year unconsciously moulded him into the dethronor of his father, Edward or Caernarvon.venture wiU retire from the scene, and the shareholders will divide what may happen to be left.ject^ residing at Magbelli, to revenge for our goveru-jtneut b»ving promised, as tbey alleged, to aid whole, Madame Cselag's Orfeo has served ber reputationa- ! d'lkuliies in consequence of their not baring be>m disturbances, and that the Turkish troops not only didtitherts placed under a separate and special juriadiotloa, not take steps of suppression, but a.'sj faded to afford theaaJ in tonsaqraoe of the Patriarchs and Prlmatea of th ir Christians any faciMtes for escape. The only excuseago the greatest fact of the age. Ii'was ths regenerator of Ireland, the link which was to bind Canada to the Bri- tish Empire, the fortune of every-one who was wi3e enough to throw his loose cash into it. Barring tbe set-oid ereads, whah they have abandoned, not being natur- tbat ciuld be made for the Turkish authorities was al v abja to administer their aOairs, tbat practically they were powerless. From want ofThe traces of tne next travelled Prince of Wales ar*found in words which stiff ring with the echoes of glory ting up of the Pope, there was but one object 9f a real aimed with a cutlass at Mr. Wiltshire, but happily tell Creasy, won at fifteen years of age; Poictiers in a pnnooly Irish patriot. It was to take all the American trade [of short. Another pointed his gun at his breast aud de- manhood; and that brilliant sojourn of nine years is England away from London and Liverpool aad Milfo'rd manded his coat, whim was of course given up. Mrs. Suienne, which rendered the governorship of our Black Haven, and to fix it all upon Galway, The idea, it! isPrince ther* th* admiration of statesmen, as his deeds of true .originated with a Saxon—one Mr. Ixsver, wao mfatarms had secured for him the love of every soldier.Whejcaa, m necer^aa/ accordance with my Imperial troops and weakness of every kind their autho-sol'citwBw and benevolence towards a:t clmMes or my rity was disregarded, and they were not able,charming minuet, u as attractive as anything in tbe pi?ce, thanks to the ingenuity and skiil of Mr. Aagd*to» Harris, tbe active and Indcfa'tigaWe director of tbe «**e eatress. That the performance was a triumphant suc- cess cannot be disputed. Whether the general public will participate in this success remains to be sees. We must own to entertaining serious doubts on that point. With all Gluck's genius, something seems wauling to eudow hta writings with vitality. Ever) body admires and a delighted with them. His music, nevertheless, di>es not project its ray* over a targe crowd. Its Tlluaunating power atop* at the inner circle.At the Grend Opers, Para, tbey are getting up •Semi rami*" to grand style.F a r e i g a M i s c e l l a n y . Tbeillustriousand venerable Admiralliuggiero r<tt,-ao, who crowned ta 184* hte long and patriotic life bysunjecaL tt. M costrary to ay haperai jieaatre (hit •ve«! if they bid the will, io enforce order. Steps any cuts of them ahould be exposed h> Iwable; and, bad been taken by the ambassadors of the differentwUereat, by reaaos of their faith, tin afores*!^ 1'owers at Constantinople some weeks ago, as soon as thefbrm smpsrate oomauslty: it a ia roasrqoeuef, my reached them. They had com rauaicato 1 with royal liliiisri that measures be takes for the Sole pur" their respective consuls on the Lebanon, and directed themso well known in Manchester that we doubt not, although we will not guarantee tbe fact, the inhabitants of that wealthy city have supported him largely in his enterWiltshire was then seized, tied and dragged to the water side, and then forced into a canoe, with the intention to carry her across the river; but the canoe being too crowd- ed with prisoners, and not having been cauiked, was swamped, and sunk immediately on attempting to shove oil f|om the beach. All, however, came safely ashore. Most happily and providentially, just at this juuoture there was heard a sound of musket shots in the distance. This.proceeded from a few Sierra Lsone traders and others from Rogouatong, who were coming to thepose of ttcilitating tbhe iadmmatrattoo of their affairs, sothat thfy saay live In peace, security ande, Security and ^aiei. Lstthen, a respectable and trustworllivi rcspecuble and trustwortby ftmoa, choeeo bythuuaaelfas fro j tfceir owa aumbsr, IMapp-nata iwith lb* <with tbe title of tgent of the ;\v)testanu tobe atfsched to the department of the Minister of Police. * n aaaJJ -"»duty of the agent to take eharge of tbe •awbera of tsecoeaauauy, w ai Folic* departtuent. Theagont births saddeattut: Alt appilsaI thI«*Jto go to tbe Pscba, and to endeavor to Induce him to take active measures of repression. Since then intelligence bed tbe French government, b it had not reached Ftad Pacha had sent a conimisjioner and power- forceraents of troops, whose joint efforts, it was would be successful tn restoring order. Tbe most accounts from tbe English Consul were that great being displayed by the Turkish authorities,decidedly of opinion—although iti this he dif-the other consuls—that TUmascus would be was iresist and would b* spared tbe horrors which haveFrom his return thence In 1371, above fourscore year*elapsed before we meet jrith another Princ:; of Walesleaving, to this case most unwillingly, the shores of Ear- prise. But whether Manchester aided or a'-stained. land lor a foreign land. A boy, nine years of ago, it the idea came from tbat active pace, and Ireland driven ashore at L'Ecluse with his mother, the in lomiU- caught at an. invention which it was shame to her ble Margaret of Anjon. The boy had known sorrow long to awe to another. It waa plain to every Celt before tbat; but now be begins a seven years' exile, thohappiest years of his chequered life, during which hismother trained him to be worthy of the throne ot Henry*tbe Sixth. When the :e3*on was completed this Prince ofWafcs-retiufned only to find a, bloody grave atTcwkes>bury.EotithofMobarrem, in the yes; cf ti» Hjj.ri 1261, atcumstancesistances, did not think he would be "warranted"' tnVunning up a heavy _.ling up a heavy bill of coals against him. Neither washe a member of Parliament Be was simp.y an Ir!«h barrister from Roscxmianoa. Ws cannot bad that any one of tbe very long catalogue of noblemen a^d gentlemeaigbt remember that at some antecedent period that >untry was possessed by tbe Pacha of Lgypt, and it wasTu- fcoet agrepsibJe portion of r.n 11 mraui-ication re-maii.aJll>*t of cooKfatulatiB*! y©4, <^ot«in tfUch, onh.,w TthVcomoiand of the ttrsi •tea:::** of the newnut iifc Trim Oalway, an.! I truat On • of the flwstt pad tinally contributed to deprive tbe Egyptians of tbat ter- makes it the meas3 of confirming and strengthening theut fair to state that although her Majesty's arms matory, yet during the time they possessed it they seemed attachment oi tbe colonies to tbe mother country. In allParliamentary agent, such a semblance of an agiution wa* created that the Derby gorornmeut, wasactually induced to believe that th?y were doing avery fine thing in bestowing an annual subsidy of £78,000upon the new line thus got up by Mr. Lever, of Hanging j mas' "Memoirs of Garibaldi," are also worth a reference. Ditch; Mr. Irwin, of Roscommon, aud Mr. Lyster O'Beirne, j Another poetical brother of Mr. Alfred Tennjaoa's hatyo'i #ttb groat imieertty and ho«««ty ot heart, Godipowi In your vo>ag«\ audi earneatly nope that every violent attack was made by the Druses upon one of Sixty years ago the act which separated tbe two pro-the private secretary of Mr. Lever. Of course, this j appetred, ln the person of Rev Chas. Tennyson Turner, as shadow. There was no difficulty tn getting up a company,, joined tbe laureate ia his first publication, "Poems bygood felrtuac may atu-nU you and the noble ship you com- e Maronitos village, where many acta of bloodshed vinces of Canada had hardly come into operation. AJp- mini 'You hare b en cboaec. and fitly r-hosen, to dia- ere perpetrated, and that a considerable portion of per Canada, whi •!> in 1811 had only 77,000 people, bsV inthe rival monster of tbe deep and had ber bowsprit andstanding rigging bitten off and swallowed bodily by thesea serjtent. She has not been blighted by the ghastlycompanionshlpof the Flying Dutchman. Her side* havenot been stove in nor her boats capsixed by a wantonwhale. She has sighted some flying fish, but she has,to manage so comfortable a sum. Mr. Lever became ' Two Brothers;"' be afterwards took tbe nam* of Turnerchar/*jth!» moft Important daty. may you be as success fui M four own warmest wiahea eoubt desire.I ami dear sir, your* very sincerely, ^ ^the least vitality, it must have gone on and prospered.But tbe whole thing was rotten. Even the British Treasu- M. Dupeuty. who, on the conclusion of tbe campaign ia ry could not prop it up. All the improvidence and party Italy, was charged to seek ia tbe archives of Mian forar bar ity and plunder, they had since surrounded Damas-United States. In lower Canada the people are chiefly of Kreucl orhru, and the dese ?ndanls of this race now form nearly one thii d of tbe total population of both pro-give utterance, tbe great maritime revolution t>f the age has been accomplisbsd; the problem has been solved; tha foresight and ingenuity of Isambard Kingdom Brunei have been vindicated. To adopt the somewhat homelier parlance of merchants and ship brokers, the Great East- ern has "arrived out."New York need well be in a ferment; but we are de- lighted to perceive that this time our transatlantic cou- sins have given us a full and candid meed of praise for the skill, perseverance and enterprise which have brought about this glorious consummation When the Atlantic telegraph was thought to ,be a perfect supcess, and the names of tbe Niagara and Agamemnon were in all men's mouths, our ocean electricians, and evea our capitalists, came off but second best in the carnival of re-thoughMr.Irwinwasthrownover,and tbevalueof hisintroductions was repudiated and so much money saved,and although Mr. Lever and his friends had got from I/irdDerby's government what was worth a clear£200,000 to- another company, the scheme wasPound hopeless. "The Irish party," siys the>'refm<Mi» Journal, '•would have to subscribesomething like £300,000 more, in the stupe or newcapital and further calls, in order to carry on tbe specula-tion; with anv chance of success." This the Irish pirtywiU not do, so the plunder of Downing street is sold to aCanada company of sounder constitution, and nothingfurther remains bnt for Mr. Lever to resign his seat forGalway and count up the results of this speculation, andfor JiOtd Derby to resolve never again to allow disin-terested Irish gentlemen to hook on to.him during any collective form.Thr lUte of thia pcor country becgars depiriptlon. The laigt- tt waa of Tahteh and liefr ii Kama hare been put to thii ^*4>rd, and thousands of dead bodiei are exposed to thi l i a l a and hyenas which infest that part of the Gn'.:.thm.Tbettewt H heartrending. Men tbat we kne^ hare exriibjwi ia this awful hatchery. Widows and orptwaa are escaping elowiy towards Beirut for safety. Bat alas ! tb*y */iu find no safety here. Moslems are ia arms, and (JhrsAa&s ate trembling in their house* fearing a general BflUFPIIP'"** *Such an intense excitement prevails at this ru >m»nt as affairs of Pyria. Tpoo »1I theee gn uods it was of the ut £6,060,060, which, ss the rule, is every year increasing languid and halting aid to the laying dot|rn of the Cable.'r.lved most important considerations. It could hardlyi* denied that the French govt, ument, if they had not a]ie#itive right to interfere, bad a justifiable motive for(aking an active Interest in the suppression of these actstf violence. It would appear tbat they had already an- quarters Derivtog, however, acomnon benefit from theSome attention has been excited dating the hat few years by tbe appearance in tbe ttdinburg and (^uarterlg Bertevi of a series of Interesting and instructive paperson such subjects as tbe "London Commissariat,'' "Food and its Adulterations," "The Zoological Garden*," "Wool- wich Arsenal,' "The Electric TeWraph," aw , evidently from the game careful pen. They are now avowed aa th* romyiositlons of Dr. Andrew wyoter.; and Mr. Robert Ha dwicke, of Piccadilly, Is about to publish then te *nounced to the I*orto their intention of acting in a de general freedom and a well ordered goremmeat, the po- tided manner for the prevention of any repetition of such pulation is not the less loyal nor less devotedly attached entrages, and for the protection cf their own subjects, to the connection with Great Britain because it consists ofdifferent racesCanada, from the coist to the upper end of Lake Supe- rior, being three times as large as great Britain and Ire- I ared with htr own strong hand to put an end to them. land, possessing a fertile soil and a serene and healthy Ihere was another important consideration. It wa.-- though ooidjeiimate—f,onmunit:utioiijbetweea all.its pirts tie connection of thi-s subject with tbe movements being facilitated by great inland seas and a noble river— cf Russia; and, indeed, if anything were wanting only requires time to become a great emp re. All theand generally of the Christians of the country, and giv- ing the Porte to uLderstsad that if the Turkish authpri ties did not put down these outrages, France was pret\ m wbUaJ am writing I am surrounded by multitudesr>f tneb, women and chil .ren, crying for protection. Thehoa-eTof a Kranlt ia eonaidered as ah asylum, and tbaboo. A of arer» Amertcao n fllled w ith the despawing ua(.irtiuiatea. Beirut is now title i with Tsrk.-a troops justUiidf-TfToai a Turkish man-of-war, but what eonldeuce< »j He placed ia then when their conduct indicates e w e understanding prevailed between the two great riant animals is nourished, flourish tiere luxuriantly. Al- assumed to have done almost everything -in the gigantic ho*tiJity to alt Christiana. I ewers which were roost likely to take an interest in the ready Canada exports annually produce to the value of enterprise, and Great Britain to have contributed only afuture walks be may take to the Treasurr. Tbe ur.dal executed by Mr. Joseph Wyon to commemo- [From the Galway Pre3s, July 7 ] rate the opening of the Vicieria Bridge, in Canada, by Deeply in debt, without money, or any prospect of ob- the i-rinc- of Wales, is simple but elegant in design. O*rimed their shops and hare retired to their houses, wta*.i they tremblingly await the Uat?. Moslems are rushing about the town crying, '-this is the time to kill th* ("bn*tU»R," an<i their women act ehlWren*are rush- abougth* streeta shouting "May God cut off the Chris- t ari-i" It is impi^stble f*r us to b'jiy pro.isions, and o'ir K+rrants are rerwlered useless from fear. Christiansadopt a line of conduct which might be calculated not aJso mineral wealth and a capac.ty for manufacturing ,CDly to protect the interests ol humanity, but also those which will be developed as people increase, and the yetrjolitieal interests wbiih were so seriously threatened. cnienauted land bcximes cultivated. In ample space and" is experience led him to ask whether there was any rea exuberant fertility she has the means of greatness; herL to believe that the Turkish authorities themselves I*st progress is an index to her future; her rulers fore-d been temiss in meeting the danger which threatened teclitr destiny, and are atsidious in forwarding it*yBut in the cSse of the Great Eastern the most prejudicedAmerican must give the entire credit to this country. Asfor ourselves, we may say, with pardmabie vanity, that"alone we did it." One of the princes of English en-gineering designed the lines of the magnificent vessel; inthe yard of an English shipbuilder her vast proportionsfirst began to tower along the shore. From her cradle toher launcning the Queen of Eagmnd took the liveliestinterest in her progress. Her first commander,- theheroic and unfortunate Harrison, was 0110 ofthe bravest, most skilful and the most de-voted of British seamen. Thousands upon thou-sands of English capital have bean subscribedto start and to perfect the undertaking. Thousands andthousands more were eagerly contributed when the great6bip proved to be a maelstrom of money, and insatiablein its powers of swallowing funds. Ihe ship was refittedand wtll nigh rebuilt before her lajt start. Her trial oye^ument offers to make Galway a packet station, uot trips, and the changes in her mechanism, cost enormous port of call, aud thus will be realized for Ireland, un ier sums of money, and while lying in the Southampton wa he ^otiit guarantee of tbe home and colonial governments,s'.'"»ijreof suMy. When questioned by the French t l miiijas to the number of troopa at his command, the (; veroor replied "i don't Jtnaw." The military com- :* .... Jt-r waa then aummoned and gave tbe same reply.overnment and the Galway Steam Packet Company, Moines d'Occidea\t," is anounced to appear at Paris on tbe hich, if carried to a successful issue, as is anticipated. 15th cf tha month An "authorized'' translation wtilT.a; waat of harmony and concord among the naval c> !u naniiers and tbe consuls may result in a moat seriousfill [prove a great national advantage. The C •• a i . i a soon after be published by Messrs. Blackwood & Sous.co operation of tbe European Admirals now in Beirut, wha-q he refined to do, saying he saw no necessity for fort i?j> interference. The consuls do not believe that theter the expenses of her maintenance in tbat state of drea ry inactivity were ruinous enough to justify the old im- putation against a big ship lying idle, namely, that ofhe pWmaneut establishment of a transatlantic pac'<.:t tati^o on the west coast of Ireland. The impirtance of is refi.it, in a commercial point of view, cannot bo over timatcii. while the shareholders in Ireland whb sub-F o r e i g n . T h e a t r i c a l X e w i .THEOnou is Lojrnox —The Ckronide of July 6 says — The " Prophet* ' a announced for Tuesday at Ooveot Garden, when Signer Tamberlik will make ha first appear- ance as Jean of Leyden. and rumor is already busy aboutthe splendor and magnificence of tbe dresses, appoint ments and wt'as en scene.Weber's "Oberon" wa* produced at her Majesty's theatre on the 8d, witb the following cast,—Reiza, Mile. Titiens; Fatima, Madame Alboni; Oberon, 8igaor flelart; Sir Huon. Signor Margin!; Sherasrata, Slgnor Everardi; Babikan, M. Gassier, and Roshana. Mile. Vausri.One of the m at curious theatrical pleasures ever in- vented by tbe fertile brain 0' Parisian managers has just been contrived at the Porte St. Martin theatre, in Para. Every one knows how the approach of hot weather emp- ties the pla> bouses. In order that tbe shopkeepers left ic tbe capital may be cheated Into the idea of "doing aNEW YOKKHERALD,29, 1860.*.left than regard for what he was arriving at. Oa* ai lartycsoceratog tim 1?, that lie had a very narrow «*- capeofris1tuts;Am1ica,undercircumstances altogether Cirvrent from tnoee »hich mark the progress toObnala cf the present heir or England. Lord Berkeley was so muchraovejilby the ferocious hatred of George the First for this scapegrace of a son, that be offered to relicts his royal and suffering lord, by kidnapping Ihe Prinoe, and sohonor, and the policy is at once graceful and wise which connects the commencement of tbe public life of the Prince of Wales with the career of his grandfather, andAt hut of the big ship it may be written, 7hAdem tri-umphant. All tbe difficulties and the discomfitures, thestruggles and the vicissitudes, tbe blow-ups and shebreakdowns, are, let us trust, at an end. The Shoalsbare been avoided; tbe Pharos of experience have, beenattended to; the trade winds of success have bellied outthe sails, and the great galleon, freighted with the hopesand good wishes of millions of English, has come intoport. She has not been crushed by icebergs or becalmedtill "the very deep did rot," and till '**limy things didcrawl with legs upon the Blimy sea." She has not met £78,000 of public money at once gave substance to the a contributor to Macmiilan's Magasime. Tha gesUemaae inhabitants were destroyed. Subsequently it seemed 1800 scarcely the half or that cumber, and Lower Canada Druses, increased ia uutnber by recruits from amotg might then contain 200,000. Now the papulation of the ther tribes, bad collected a very considerable force upper province is upwards of 1,300,000, actually 1,20*,000 nd attacked several towns x>f large populations, and in 1865, and Lower Canada possesses more than 1,100,000 here renewed their acts of violence and massacred indis people. Together the two prorinces contain aboutta earcelvasoulwasleftalive. Notcontentedwithallthis percentsgeproportion faster than thepopulationofthe guage to which thousands of lips will strive tomember for Galway, ships were built with extraordina- on succeeding to a property tn Lincolnshire. A younger ry rapid ity, and if the original adventure -hid possessed brother. Frederick, published a volume of poems ta 18*4.ol other origin than French, and the remaining third con- gists of persons born in Ireland, Scotland, Eugland,Ger- many, Frunce, the United States, and many other coun tries, immigrants having continually flowed in from allt> Increase its importance, it was the rumor that cereals by which tie life of man, with that of hi3 depea on banners and shone in transparencies. . America wastaining monev, either from the patriotism of Irishmen or tthe idve of good interest which Enliehmen possess, the [project by which, in our depressed circumsiaac»3, weone side is a bust of the Prince of Wates, sad oa th* other the i'riuce of Wales' plume, surrounded by map)* branches, and> on tbe edge the words, "Visited Caasdst > pr«rrent me from finishing this letter. Christians have rioft importance that Iwr M«ji">ty's government should It consists chicly of timber and food; but Canada bisbad »et so much store, which had raised our hearts and and inaugurated the bridge, 1360 " Tbe medal ha* bees put a pulse in our arteries, would collapse mid sink like a executed by order of the Grand Trunk Railway Company, scuttled ship before our eyes, without the remotest ard there* have been five struck in gold, fifty to silver, proepect ot being brought to the surface again. We see and five hundred in bronze.ic security of the inht bttants of that part of the em re. lie was sure their lordships would be sorry to beSince 1849 Canida has been entirely self governed, and, though firmly united with the mother country, is ere wis reason to believe there had beeu any positive now rather an independent Stde than a dependent icn'vance with the Druses io these outrages. Ha, for colony. By a liberal constitu'ion power is fairly diffused e, should be very sorry to learn thare was even a sus amongst ill classes. A franchise of £6 in the towns and ion of the kina; but there were circumstances, though or £4 in tbe rural districts, gives a vote to almost every ey were not yet completely proved, which opened the householder. A system of municipal administration, so •r tu some mistrust upon the subject, and formed an necessary where component small communities are evil There is a want of unanimity as to the propriety additional retson for ns, if it were so, for swinging the widely separated and differ in origin and habits, of Li-jdiugtroopa for the protection of British ana other Porte and its subordinate authorities to a sense of tieir enable every county, city, town or township to elect its fore so suKjects. The Pasha was requested to invite the duty, not only to their owa subjects, but towards those own officers sod regulate its own affairs. Land is sold great Poirers who interfered, with such a sacrifice of at 3s. per acre (4s. on credit), and in masses to facilitate blood and treasure, a few years a#o in their behalf. A the establishment of communities at 2s. per acre. The country which like Turkey might be said to exist upon f« udal tenures in Lower Canada, derived from France,(considered as the purchase money of our new coanaction with China precluding the establishment at prtaent of a jwith the great centres of the world's commerce. corresponding observatory at 1'ekin.I The following observations upou the situation are ex- A lost picture of Raphael's has been lately die covered tracted from the trade report of the freeman's Journal. at Valencia and transferee! to St Petors-bnrg. The reco-h\\ e 1»een bee ten. ami some of tliem mr*t severely.A: the conference of the consular corps yesterday, the r i-> autboritiea were summoned to appear and give as-ve there were grounds 'or supposing there was any sligec.ee on the sHe of the Porte, and still mire that.{The writer takes a business like aud sensible view o.' th1; vered treasure is the celebrant "Vierjea* Lait." a de- {whole question at issue:— tailed description of which may be found in "Vasaria "I Nejgotgations are still pending between theCm.idiia A new work by Count de Mootalembert, entitle!, "Letsnferance hal duties to perform, and it appeared to him which stopped progress and gave rise to many inconve- -eating her head off," Considerable sums were, it isthat, whatever suspicion might have been entertained in niences were completely extiflajuished in 1854.former times with regard to the intentions of the Emperor Since 1849, too, the alterations made in our customs tbe rairei vessels now in the harbor. It is greatly to be of Russia, however this country might have acted in re- and navigation laws have placed the trade of our colo-la:: jteu that there is no good Frank organization on Isnl t* co operate with the forces at sea.The iarnaricaa Consul called a meeting of Americans, wir.<« them of their danger, ottered hla house as an asvluta to all, and proposed that upon the tirst alarm ail Amertans should go at once to the American printing es- tab'.ssdient as the beat place for mutual protection, as it is a casUe tn itaetf, and affords ample U-:iliu?s for resist tug »9 attack or standing a .iiege. Provisions have been place J there, and there is now at least an American or-Turicsare acting in good faith.T!>- British and American Consuls declared that theyribM rather to secure this result than to make a profit • ble investment, will be relieved from all the financial and a splendid revenue may be anticipated from the exhi- iffJcilties which have hitherto surrouoded the projict. he l|£t yearly account of the company showed a I033 1 nearly £120.000. Thehalf yeai Just past will probably exhibit a proportionate loss whi ah would represent some- company, and the day has, we hope, commenced when thing like £180,000. This esti mate is, of course, coojec- tlua! bn our part, but we have little reason to d iubt jiatshould Invite their countrymen to take refuge oa boardtrue, realized by the exhibition of the ship to .visiters in i.ondoa. at Weymouth, at Holyhead and at{Southampton;pressing their inclination to interfere too much with thePorte, in proportion as we hid Interfered we were bound,aspne of tbe principal Powers of Europe, to see justicedono to the Christian subjects of the Turk sh empire, and expect hereafter? From Liverpool to Quebec—the twobition of the Great Eastern at New York, but this, remu- nerative as it may be, can scarcely be considered as a le- gitimate or permanent method of filling the coffers of thewise and ing', institutions.nies under their own control, and Canada derives three fifths of her revenue from her own customs duties.From such beginnings and such progress what may wenearest seaports of England and America—the distance is 2.583 miles. From Quebec up the St. Lawrence, by the likes and by railways—some of which are eon structed and others projected—is one of the shortest,SUNDA Y ,JUL YI * ' ' » ^ T S V r e r i mslltoi* of re..t.-t sad the large and •xcite the* deepest sympathy of their 1 .t\iihips fbe sub- an Englishman; with this difference, that be was net the among mir great grandsiree the digeity of English prince. extreme mode&ty. He would accost Lord D*wby on to, aa: wbdu the wblstlea; mded one of tbe naoat aflVwill prrknil, to take pissag* on on* *f tUt new vaastiaan! \ ait tbe N'ew WorH. ,, h,%Tt.e,»tooo»asfuiopeningof tto i ^ , jg^flKB J M ofe hal taken the presautioa to give a private notice er lay cf his inteation to ask bis questions, ir lordship* were aware that the country iu whichFinally, we nave now, for the first time, a Prince of left to members of the government Mr. Lever was grate- low In the whole world, and I would go almost to the «,<that the security which had been given to the Turkishgovernment by the treaty of 18o6 should uot be made aacieenfor their negligence and faults of administration.Be thought tbat oc the present occa°i in it would be out ofsee sou to enter into more detail on the subject. He had safest and easiest means of reaching the Pacific, bycalled the attention of the government to the principal crossing the continent, As the population of Canala and India or Australia, if such a route be deemed eligible— that no more money can be procured in England iu the points of the subject, and he should reserve to himself the spreads and fills the vast territory stretching southward become not only a magnificent monument of] English skill shape of capital, and the almost unanimous decision orther any oiiicial accounts confirming the rumors of United States can find within their own Territory so con- which we yesterday received and published from our'cor- Ireland amounts in round numbers to about £170,000. 1.' muJssscres lately perpetrated on the Christian population in venient an access to the great Southern ocean. For their respondent on board, the Great Eastern would seem to our conjecture be right as to the present financial coudi sundry parts offyria bad been received by her Majesty's own advantage tbey will probably be disposed to further have experienced on the whole tolerably fair weather. tipn of the company, the Irish party would have to sub-A Turkish llne-of battle ship arrived !a*t night. Beirutr.-.iv be saved, but tbe country ia lost. An eitr.ict from government, and ifso, when and up to what date they were rather than to check the progress of the works beyond While it could uot be called decidedly fivorable, the ship scribe somethiug like £300,000 tn >re iu the .shape of newa ir'ilit 1 have just seen, will serve as an illustration of the ooudition of the large Interior towaa.—"Jrjsg 33 —JJeir el Kame (a town ofsereral thousandInhabitants) was—but is no longer. The accuuuts from v vt -p'-earel heartrending beyond description; were our miuJSu° Incessantly occupied by other and more try- ing matters, we should sink under the burden. The dead, who 4an number th?mr and the widows and pfphans, wh. tan tell their distress-> ^ t w e n t y or thirty persons were left in the house cf i!i«Ltmerican missionary, vir. Bird, and a note from ([ e cllthem tbia morniog wo«ll Indicate that they aloae a n H (i. . The women and children, as yet, have not been t <ichtjd. A few houses reaiaiu, am >iu tham.it that ofction of the Christians, and in particular of her Ma- tence in the severe climate of the north be overcome: attention than would have been bestowed oa the start-'s subjects, in Syria? also whether information had but aow that they are overcome, the free population will ing of an ordinary mail steamer. But the enthusfasm bed her Majesty's government to the effect that the expand, and force slavery to seek refuge in more southern which greeted her immediately she had passed Sandy ch Ambassador at Constantinople had been directed regions, where a milder climate and an easier command Hook, and steamed majestically into the dock appointed Thouvcnel to announce to the Porte that France of the means of subsistence may remove it out of tbe for her, must have atoned in the minds of her crew and bound to put a stop to the massacre of the Cm istians path of civilization and diminish its horrors. For tbe passengers for all the indifference with which her rarewell ria? Before ho (the noble lord) sat down, be must al- sske of humanity it is very desirable that the powe,'of at Southampton had been met. The Americans, and espe-matter to fall through. Thennational character of the un- dertaking shuts out tbe latter alternative, as few of the Irish shareholders entered inti the project as a msre monetary investment, but solely with a view to the com mercial interests or this country. There is another view of the matter which we often dUcuiYsed* viz. the trans- fer of the goremiog body to Ireland; but we understand there are legal difficulties ia the way of sacli a change, anil this transfer, while it would guarantee impro-.ed management, would still require the additional capital of £3<>0,090, and put the Irish party io the disadvantageous position of beginning with a loss little short of £130,003 (adcordlpg to our estimate) to work a great projtct re quiring zeal, energy and special knowledge. Ii the nego-What next, to pique the palate of a jaded public?Mr. Gardiner Coyne, an American actor, has been per- forming at the Standard theatre, London, for the last fortnight, a round of Irish characters, with luccess; aul Mr. James AnderBon a starring to the legitimate drama, at tue t'avrliru.The Chronicle, ©r the 2d of July, alludes to the perform- ance of Glurk's "Orpheus" at Covett Garden as follows — The production of "Orfeo e Eurydice"' reflects inttn.t* credit on tbe Royal Italian opera Management Every- thing has been accomplished in every department to ren- der it acceptable to the public; and if, after all the pains, care and expense that have been lavished on it, Gluck's masterpiece fail to become a standard work, no blame can attach to the originators of its revival. The enor-1 -to a few words which fell from his noble and learnedd (lord Brougham) tn respect to a matter whichted very nearly the principle involved in the subjojtGreat Britain, through her union with Canada, should dominate right across tbe continent, from Quebec to Van- couver's Island.cially the New Yorkers, have always a large surplus stock of enthusiam on hand. They have beea lately very near killing the Japanese Embassy with kindness,"or, at least,Druses in the presence of the Turkish troops, who did not interfere, and a targe portion of them were massacred. Them lordships had probably seen in the newspapers• In Canada the Prince of Wales will see the beginning of a great work which he may live to know Is one of th* wonders of commerce. Years hence ho may reflect witb pleasure oh a journey which made one of the great evoata of all time impressively familiar to him at its commence- ment. Hisvisit promisesotherwise to be instructive, He may contrast tbe conveniences and comforts of i-jyt lixed life witb the first germs of society. He will pia* from St. James to a patch of clearing on the fringe of a forest, where a solitary family or a solitary min is fel" ling trees to have a space for a hut and a gardt >iern were disastrous, but the tide has turned. The clouds have rolled away, aud the sun is now shining on this, the noblest work of man, in all his meridian splendorThe Galway Contract. [From the London Times, July 11 jThe Galway Steam Packet Company is in extremis. It ia not yet uuite dead, but it is exercising its disposing powers. It has sold off the principal acquisition it ob- tained at the expense of the English Treasury, and hasure pf a great enterprise, all who took a part in the pro- ject will have reason to rejoice at the issue.Capture and Sacking of Masrbelll aad Ontraae oa the Missionaries.but were at last overpowered, when the Druses took pos-life. No Prince of the House of Hanover has beg public career under equaita favorable auspices.TRAVELLED PBINCE3 OF WALES. [From the London Atheneum, July 12 ]at which it managed to get for carrying the malls. Thissession of the town aul committed horrible butcheries. order uf the worll, director of pubus affairs However, ir there was any truth in the rumors which andjudgment, accooaplisher of tae trans- bad reached this country, a considerable number of theored \ixler, illustrious counsellor, maintainormankind with Intelligence and good sensrj, Christians had retired before the massacre commenced.itor of the edifice of empire and of elory. endow It wast quite true that the stuto or the country, as hi3« the other towns. His noble friend hal asked lity which are it come bef»ro *•***••*** papers connected with this subject would beThose fishermen, who will not fish, and those husbandmen who will not plough—that county of swamp and lake and humid pastures, was naturally tbe proper highway of commerce. Galway waa tbe natural turnpike gate which ought to take toil upon alt that pareed between ths baseretreated, but not without some loss on their side jars. Wiltshire wa* left tied in the bush, aad after aomei momenta of anxious suspense waa rescued from her perilous position by a Sierra Leone trader. Ia tbe meantime other parts of the town had been givenStherwepartmsstt, aretobe I of the agent/ Th*sactatty granted and i*- tor carrying my pleai,tawabevemilatedM>i into acrupakKts IffifWB. AS, I th* detlrer v of ****-. Again, half a dozen princes succeed to the title, &USP*••*••'••. Halhavingcowmtudhisnoble friend homekeepingyouths Then comesCharlesStaart,with- Saxonandtheopen-handedAmerican. AltEringatharpl 2 A ,Tnd.er.-. Hr.ThinsKd, an English trader, was•** n wired any<»•*?»ware waa no reason why tbe land round Galway shoulda/^yrW.oadtJwr.^Mi. t* take >Uf* for 0* m/rty «/ Ue Ckritti, bad ajso been sent-)*a*io» with Ike Con all there, in point of rank, is a good humored tad of six- thought him tbat th* profits ta be derived woold be too Sffefi 8 e * « r e d froTM Wa body, another of the school at* by the event* which have lately taken ptac* taSteHy,in to*Fressii ships of war teen, who occasionally takes the helm to band, aad to gwat for a private individual, and generously resolved U there were, be bettered, some whom Jennys and Digby speak witb deference. It «1 •Bow a company, witb half a million of capitaL to take t young Cha-les Stuart, on his way to St. Germains, not t) the great responsibility of tbia national unJertaking offebilditen (a little girl) was drowned along witb many other* in, a canoe, which, from being too much crowded witb praoaers, filled and wont down with all on board.• "«( " S * P»tafu! feature ic this whole affair has boonaad in which I have swan happy *aoagb to take part. These brave people ar*f rse—joy aaepteted oa •very ceua - tesaaoe.and th* stfwata resound with Ihe cries of delight of those whs haws beea released. Aad, aercrtaabaa, a matettehoiy sotea araes from th* multitude. • Rafgar* SaOimodoea sot appear—Ua father of tbe Saciiaa peo- ple—the veteran of the independence of Ua* country—tba.venerable exile a sot here Io dare in taa universal fee.- teg of satisfaction. Ths hearth of ths Italian patriarch is deserted sod cold. Oh, cosae, man of Sicily, come, to fill up th* measure of tbe jay of year people, whs re meined worthy of yo*—who auSrred durlag twelve s*ar* allthatth*moatatrocioustyrannycouldisflicl—and who aid net bead a kne* before aa laesorabte roier. Your ai rival l» BteUywUl b* the finest of our sattaaal /etas." Your*afieetioaatoty, GARIBALDL/anerthabaajTectioacT IU* had beta {MM down laI to tagot their schemes into their heads than they naturallyand by Portland in winter. In conjunction with thelakes this route cannot fail, whatever may be done fur state that she rolls, but that breakfast time, in a veryoir»ht to be a dividend of from 16s. to 17- 61. in the pound for all paid up shareholders. Of course if the loos- es be greater than we conjecture the dividend will be less, but in the same proportion would be increase t the financial difficulty of carrying on the speculation to a suc- cessful issue. The present negotiation seems to offer a rational solution or ali the difficulties of the company. If if terminate in the reali/. 1 tion of the great project —the creation of a permanent packet station—for which theyear through the Canadian canals from that quarterbound for English ports. The Welland canal, however wharf prepared for the reception with little more diffiV'~*«r. HerMajat*'swUhall t b j j o w ^ aet fort te faglaad again till kits aad weary years harepassed awa>, and isaUy open to htm tbe golden opportu- nity which he so lamentably abased.Mr. Lever and Mr. Lever's Irish friends had a* sooner J«* attack upon the missi .m party. Hlthert) both sides•} M# chfil war had agreed, it to said, to leave tbe mia- •h*tmharmed; but in the hear of excitement, with hopes of grew booty, and possibly maddeaed by drink, it is not possible to restrain tbe ungoveimabie^paasions of a savage. and of all the tribes the Koasohs aajoy an unenviable n >Of tbe two succeeding Stuart prince* who held th*M. Thwvenel to tbe PortsTto"*; title by courtesy of their foil >wers, bat not by the Uw of" was tbe only difficulty. It often so happens, feat if lb*ch goremmeat woold be oMimt the land, they were necessarily aotourners abroad; bat WBBSBW sBaapaa^ fcAJsjrw • ^wastbattSMwhoieof oftbereeeetatrocities.HehtioolyruT-have travailed t_ to, but never Cross Eagtani until now. iaand the Galway packet scheme flourish, at any rate foratbia occasion each owe seem* to bar* acted for binvsstf Thesoleobjectwasplunder. Hadtherebeenanetbint like a plan and tha least concert as to openttiata.aaostof the pasts* Ut »lagVlli would bar* been made ^uvsa aad©Ussmtsrior. asitis,many,*.««,traders ,taafjht ajBd caxrwd *way,£fPersonofyouagAlbertEdward,lbsfirstBetaswice sufficienttim*tofulfilthehopesofMaiwc^taraTHaw frt*f« wttb tabTkaftab title did not step o» Sngiisb WsMr. Lever to get at the *at(Vflfe»' Webeg tbeUntitled Documentdisposing of him ami 1 tbe transatlantic {Nintatioe«> that who was to make all things clear. Mr. frwia was not tire 1 In a stlt of black, aad tbe smi'e on his roMWoaniito which he alluded wa* lbs ms-oacio that, bad latoly n-phew of the J:lag of Naples, nor bad be married hi3 There is a tradition among some of the old officers of the bts way to the Treasury, and walk with biro to tlrrshe adfcus was taken bj thetwoebam-oors that'wa" ^ w ^ w a f c i t * and raanufart^ ofthat country^ T . 7 « e S k ! i i Aia*r:-aa»0',.1Irf-!iri.' rM c^h whomyoimay commutate, tjopeyoti the short time whichhadelapsed slnoeyesterdayto»m (Jbtahi some iLtormatiou on the matt or. which he thoughtwi-..Jre*. my regard*andrwiu li^ I * « ^ 2 ^ got sot be unworthy of their lordships' notice. At„ „ ,3u on you- voyage, an-1 atao thai uteud. as *oua e same time be would not enter fully upon so extensive I' ymmita f-n Tuesday, to visit Newfoundland, Nova Sco- n . ' l m i D g buste******* a-, I P a r l » ; - i ^ y £ £ - d in-portent a su >ject at tbe present time, although tia, New Brunswick and Canada. Hs will thus becomeeB pla » in Syria,and to which atteatinu had been par- t'aughteri licuJarly drawn hy a public journal. He hid endeavoredhousehold of George the Fourth that, prior to the Re- Ihe door cf U e office: be would introduce a man ever \ ut eased, sacb almost shedding tetrsattb* aaaa, gency, be made a atolen visit to the Dale* of Orleans. off hand to Baron Rothschild; and he could get L w l pect of separating; another ani atill louder cheer fotaT"of ^eafer^omsal to Ireland, & • ^ ^ T ' /P n«ro^ these massacres were reported to hare taken pace performance of his duties. Tbe Duke of Kent was theview tWi any event of this c*;tjy. »-"'• *"*piVif ^Tr'k-^g( ?,TMTMwas one which formed as important part of the Turkish only son Of George III. who took any interest in the colo- ptre, and which historical!) and politically deserve the nies. Be was tn Canada from 1791 to 1793, and aftery deepest consideration. Tt was s peculiarly moan- •erring In the West Indies was Bent to Nova Scotia in inouc district, inhabited by tribes of imperfect civil isa 1794, where be remained til} 1796. Io 1799 he returned ti.m, and, being separated by feeliugi of animosity, they again to Nova Scotia, as commander in chief of the for'vs ere perhaps exposed to more violent feelings on religion in North America, bat flnallv left the Continent in 1800. an even the lurks themselves. Their lordships The lcyai and devoted colonTsts felt his presence to be an•~ memories stime as ex-" >I*jTiSramS tbe first materia! proof that when a « K ! > arm TM «• determinate to H*d Itwlf. no obsta i '.• n tTbe fuaiid too ^ceat to be overcome.say= the aiancboster Guardian of the ftb, we observe* nc. works by the- Abb* Domenech, the author of tbe m- tertstirg narrative of residente in Texas; »y Professor Tv-.dal*r a the Glaciers of tbe Alp*, aad by Mr. Walteri Tits Prince of Wales*S-om Dr. Mackay's London Review, Jaly 7 ]TbetraditionismainlyupheldbythePriocs'afamiliarity witb the topography of Paris; bnt such a knowledge wonid imply that he must have been tolerably well known ateo; and this story we take to be apocryphal.Canricardeandotherpersor.sofstationtogototheTrea- rJ,ws*n the s'gnal was given, andoff wbaaraa^C s«ry as a deputation., He knew the advantage which South mptob tbe Boy putting bit heao outer tbe'wia every private bore has over every public man, aad be at dow at the «jame time and giving utterance to ha fitllaas crtce took Mr. Lever up, and introduced him right aad by F*jh;g, " Lma me if Tom Sayres is not the bes; friral Highness the Prince of Wales is to embark atacquainted with a country where his grandsire passed a portion of his youth, and where he is still remembered as an accomplished gentleman and officer, ever sealous ta theWales moving from England over the water* unimpeUed by adversity or uninfluenced by a spirit of aggression. Happy circumstance and praiseworthy purpose alone ac company this son of an English mother.* May Canada re- turn us cur Prince with new experiences, haiand endowments which shall make of his of glorious usefulness, and a period to be emplary andfelicitousfor erer.The Great Kastera. [From the London Telegraph, July 14 ]ful, and promised to pay all aorts of commissions for these services as soon as they turned to goll. Cltimately be entered into a formal agreement to pay th's Irish gentleman no less a sum than €10,000 if he should obtain the desired subsidy of £IT2,S40. 'of the earth to serve him."—9partirta Ufe-Henna* * belt a detained, not bv Mr. fiaocoek ta* maker, Uui b / Mi. Morris, of the New York HiHeVtbat gentleman baring paid for it orirftally. throert th*stakeholder.joicing and congratulation whhh arose.m the assumed union of England and America. It was the name of "Cyrus W. Field" that blazed in illuminations, and wavedan era of more substantial prosperity may be expected,and when tbe noble vessel—having justified the most ar-dent and sanguine predictions of her speed, safety andsea-worthinesr—may be carrying passengers and cargobetween England and America—nay, between England ate below than above the mark. It i3 plain, however,ga:i :Utoo. This step has already Inspired onfilence.«'l..u will he the resut of this days deliberations 1 liberty of bringing it more especially under the to the 42d degree of latitude, including tbat possessed and daring, but a highly profitable commercial specula- tpe Irtish shareholders not to giye the powers demanded bit ol rural," a large part of tbe audience portion of tbekcow hot. notice of their lordships after he had received by the Hudson Bay Company, Great Britain will ac- tion. to tbe directors shows that there is at least uo willingness theatre has "been transformed," says the GaMUe Afura- It n^sy be that w»shall all be sent on board the vessels an answer from his noble friend to the ques- quire an unbroken connection with the Pacific ocean and on tbe part of the Irish holders to give more capital to cole, "into a picturesque garden, which rise* in tbe placebefore)night. Another aight will be terribio onshore. tions which be wished to put to him, namely, its multitudinous islands. It is doubted whether tbe In perusing the voluminous details of the voyage out, the present directory. The sum alrea 'y subscribed in where the pit was, surrounded with ir< n seats and armcanal to avoid the rapids of the St. Lawrence, between holiday making which we may look forward to when thethis purpose. Iu 1846, the system was completed, and it looks in upon the brokers of Wall street. Already the difficulty, either with regard to the contract (and MrHe should, therefore, be glad to afford the noble and Lake Ontario and Montreal, have all been constructed for Prince of Wales takes his first walk up Broadway orthough it has been already once widened, requires app*.' culty than if she bad been an above-bridge penny steamerrently, like the Erie canal, to be still further enlarged in the river Thames. The beginnings of the Great East Irish people made such efforts, and thus preveut the fail-piece of plunder was the real nugget of its gains. II was all it had to depend upon to make up the annual deficit of £120.000, threatening to increase to £180,000. Therefis, indeed, another little subsidy for taking letters to New- foundland , for which a purchaser has not ret be:n found;had the Drusts beeu indulging in their hereditary ani of those travelled youths went abroad under mo irnfql chaser, and, the whole of the beneficial bargains mideauspices; misery was the fellow-wayfarer of some uiuers with the British government having been disposed of, the went with menace against the land which they visuod clever gentlemen who Have managed this transito.-c ad-mnsity against the Karonites, but they hid been joinedhitthat Galway was the true New York of the Eajst.Tbat little dingy towa was below it3 destiny. rescue. Tbe Kossohs at once left their prisoasrs andbead of the daoartsaeat, he iLord Wodeh-Hise) his picturesque character ana romantic miseries. Hs round Mr. Lever. Saxon, as he unhappily was, he was robbed of all ha goods, and had h s snirt stripped from **?*ff**j"re r*PlT- but be did not app-ehena goes to Spain, not like bts predecessor, tbe Black Prince, sent to Parliament to represent tbeborough he was about ha b|ck, and happi y escaped from bis captors and fromha active intervention ln tbe Sicilian insurrection, sad r difficulty on the subject. As in arms, to come back victorious, but tn love, to coma to raise into an emporium. Every Irishman who wasted further personal indignities. One of the mission boat by tbe skilful manner 10 which be directed tt as c iiflf of•t **V Jf^/«*r'» <rwsnt backbaffledaad humiliated. Hawasfiemostunpop1- anything,andperhapssome Englishmenwhowouldnot faur aad unprofitable voyage e m made »y-!'rin<:e of be displeased to get something, gathered round himmen.kamfriBocknor,whowaaillatthetima of theat- tack, was cut across tbe belly and killed. A schoolboyabout e.ght years old, refusing to leave the mission yard the French coast, and it ta freighted rarely. Noblest of line of ships between Belfast ane Canada He then he and gp with the Kossohs, was ttiOei on the spot, bis beadtheexecutivegovernment,baareceivedth*foliostagteH tar from Gar: Said 1.—Highly eateaasd, aad very dear Frand:—If anyof Providence could max* a man bow before it with ds*f» gratitude, it te certaialy that which has baas conferred **tOut ol his own ample means—we are now speaking only *» jwuoaid Ma* & ^nMdron morn ID5 ofi 10M; a ship is running between Jersey and from conjecture—Mr. Lever took the first measures for ahst*i twcn Waits, To It succeeds another voyage. It is a J .ueturned to the English Post Office to pay for it aeaeyEnglish Post Office would pay down £172,840 ewsry year,lures, be eocW only say tnat he hat princely travellers against their will to a>•iuteUigeoce of the delivery of su * a UcV?£ Prices'of Wales of tbe house of Brunswick. Tbess not prove valuable, aad tbe wharves of Galway increase torietv- for ferocity and most unmitigated barbarism. 0*1reader wul not tir* with those details, for we are aboutth* honor of great intimacy with him. Sttil Mr. Irwia !y raid, «|rou->ca» dame BO CO->J, Xcm if ro«Te bad a lively knack of making acquaintance wita men of and ft wil! only pain yon; therrfoW let me •£?*$: mark, and be was free from that common Irish failing of sou loot to go aay further." Tba request wa* ac,a*wThe carious point or tbe story is that the subsidy wasto some extent actually obtained—not, perhaps, entirelyby Mr. Irwin's exert lens, nor even by those of the Par-liamentary agent whom he called in to share his laborsand his profits; for we see from the evidence of Me. Lewisthat Mr Roebuck acted in negotiating the details of thecontract. By means, however, of memorials an 1 deputa-tions and pamphlets, got up by Mr. Irwin anl bis ! W"n te, Ue jdeaaant chronicler of domestic travel. A trac-no cause whatever for doubt or despondency. The[trifling lose—if thore should be a loss—whi;h the sbire- The establishment of a Mag net ica I observatory ai Van- Iholders in the Atlantic Company may sustain, should be c<-liver's Island is postponed, in consequence of tbe warJe ar|e near the true figures. The appeal of the dira.-i- ry, made last months for power to raise £25/XW new capita! i>r to borrow £400,003, rather indicates that wee arrival at Liverpool of the royal mail steamer Ar-menian, from the west coast of Africa, says the London braces of death in consequence of his speaking to her,whereby he dissolves the spell by which he has been en- abled to reverse the decrees of.fate. Throughout this scene Madame Fence's acting was intensely truthful, and her singing marked by high excellence. L'Amore, or Cu- pid, in a vocal sense, is perhaps more important; and tbat clever artiUe. Ma lame Nan tie Did tee, as mar be suo- posed, did even j istice to the music. Madame'Csillag S Orfeo was grand and impressive throughout, and was re- ceived in every scence with tumultuous applause The voice of tha accomplished lady a more powerful than sweet, and the music of Orfeo "does not alwsvs lie well with her voice. Her singing, notwithstanding, was im- mense ly effective on Wedn**dav night, as she seemed to have caught tbe spirit of the composer no less than the poet. The lament over Eurydice, in the last scene, with the delivery pf t h e famous air "Che fare senx* Eu rydice," was magnificent and deeply affecting. Oa tbeThe Galway Steam Packet Company was a few Iweeks and! assist the Masimmerahs with arms and am- uo lees-ihan any other part in which she has hitherto apmunition, The barbarous people showed no regard to Iwared, not excepting Fidelio. Theseenery is exqol-dtefy the tiersons or property of the missionary party. After beautiful, and the dresses and appointments splendid aad forcibly-entering the dwelling house they seized the Rev. class ically appropriate. Tbe scene of the Elysan Fields Mr. Wiltshire and ha wife and stripped them. One mai is surprisingly well managed. The ballet, witb itsnumbered about three or four hundred men, and for the most part were armed with cutlasses, j h e y divided:L i t e r a t u r eAm >! ;• books actually published during the past weeka a dA rt. a****miatesail•§nawitbasnretoretarwtottb;ft*l lOWWbojRh^wsxH^thJa^WMIOt, wbicb,UHHre-Thomas M. Tryniski309 South 4th StreetFulton New York I 13069twww.fultonhistory.com 