 8NE* YORK HERALD, MONDAY, MARCH 5, 1860.-TRIPLBTHE PRESIDENCY. T*e rtr«tATTAJBS IB THE SOUTH. Direct Trade.toeaosoxacedirecttrade withefdirectly imported into tbe State of fere* countries, and sold by resident iwithin this StUatse, be, and they are hereby, exeampt from alltaxation whatsoever kvied bytheSlam,county,orSec! Beitfurtherenacted. Thattbeprovisionsofthe roregoteg section be, and they are hereoy,extended to toe sales wttbin tba BUMof all dry foods, bard«»re,c«ttery and crockery directly imported Into any one of the Soath- ern States ef the Union, from fhfwMweoontrien^Sec. a Be it farther enacted, That in the aanammentof taxes all nersoos esabxdag exemption from taxation fromINFATOROFTHBWeFT* ltd rat,A Vriar«T«r of Matklaa;,dke.« « OpposJUaa Sum Con?cation of Mkasort met it Jef-lONfMtM ffiU aa. Nearly every aoeaty In the Tbe general stte->de::ee W M ,enthusiasmanaaanaoay,ttlsaaid,I the preowodSags We copy lac report *{ the PA LOOM /fesaeawtV—iorganisedbycalhng Mr.Sw.iskr,of , i* the chaw.Ptae IX. The sneottag was called foro'clock. Theaacred edifice was crammed m every part:in fact, there could nol have been less than ten thousand since last week. The Southern buyers art pur- personspresent.tw—imnoftwwii. ufficere for tho CoBveattoa.appointedtoreportagainst thetemporal sovereigntyofyour Holiness,and those still more grave by which it to menaced, would believe onreerrea wanting in our duty, bequeathed 10 oft by the noble traditions of our ancestors, bylee wisnnsris reported as follows — i^tjMfcaJ—Abtel Leonard, of Howard county.TwePrt*denl»— Eflwla Draper, of Pike county; A. Kre- keJ, of St. Charles; Dr. Hardee, of Andrian; Joha d.flnft?1 J5LMlft *•, M *jection of any resolution would act prevent its being brought before the Contention.Tbe question on tbe adoption of lbs resolution was putand foreign countries; and said commasioner shall be re- quired to reportto the next session of the General Assem- bly ot tba State, such information and propositons as he mayhavereceived,togetherwithsuchsuggestionsashis inquiries may have enabled him to make tn aid of tbe pur-are now Into February, and, to all appearance, there to ft good prospect ol dancing continuing quite as long yet a* Rhasbeen. Asafellow correspondentoftheWestern press remarks, "tbe Mormons seem to have been seizedson of many of your predecessors, the most beautiful sight that can be given to tbe world—that of weak material po- wer,ofgoodnessandjusticesupported bygreat moral force, fighting nobly against might, error and hatred."Fortheweek Previouslyreported.1868. $811,9448,028,8611869. 969,917 6,491,4841800. 1,618,781 10,023,186T trr *.&,w 1,278Tbe rwmmtttftir was appointed a s follows —Thomas P .anc,40laatlo ta E TJfcdaea! J» MmtraUm Kdhdbya Anal Pm1§ wVaawl Jlnie HMSS * / oii,a\.,dcI am again forced to commence ntyThe dry goodsneJarlaad, of Caspar; Major Boyoe, of Lafayette) JostahWaaeasae, or Maaifoawy; George R. South, of Petus; tales'on merchandae under the provision of the act,was according! v ret used admittance into the. room when)Hickman wasconfined, Luoe, whowas'present, withothers, believing that ha vtott was not ef a frlen ilynature. On being refused admittance into tbe room sincere attachment and respectful devotion."Wiilian Patrick, o f St. LOOM. Mareoa Boyd, of Green; •at bfellvake, of Watbtagtna; dam. Raines, of Jasper.Stcrttmrm Wm. F. Bwtuwr, of Boone, R. C. Vaagoa, of Lafayette; Jno. P . Pbilttps, of Pettir. N . Ron*, of St. Leua A . P . Bwhafdswi, of Cole.The report of the committee was adopted, and the gen- itessen named were declared elected.Mr Lamum, ea coming forward to the chair, an-ecunce* tfeo object of tbe Convention to be the nominationshall render to tbe asnessors a statsment of such sales, verified by sflWarit in writing, made before the annssaor, (to be filed in the office of the Judge ef Probate of the county), a» tbe words following, to wit—"I. ' - . « • solemnly swear, (or affirm, as tbe case may be,) that the merchandae embraced m tbe loregotog statement of s e e s , was imported directly from a foreign country into the city of , a s l am informed by , of saidcity, cf whom I purchased the same, and I verily believe the lame to be true;" and the person claiming the ex-where Hickman w«e, Rhodes drew a pair of pistols a n a declaredthat he would enter or die;atthismomentft gentleman bythenameofBates,whohappened tobe present, ran up ana grasped the pistols in Rbo ;es' hands, and at tbe same tr)>>r>i<mt both hammers descended on htt hands, thus preventing t b e discharge o f t h e pistols. While thtt was orciiTicg Luce had abo advanced, andProposed by tbe Hon. P. J . a Cbauveea, and seconded byL.A.Moreau,lbq.•—sovereigns of Europe, being intimately allied to the free administration of ecclesiastical affairs, and generally to the interesto of religion In the Catholic world, and the hatred of oar holy religion being the principal cause of tbe efforts which are made to wrest from your Holiness a portion of your dominions, we believe it to be oar duty to join ear voice, feeble as it may be, to those which rtoe to-day from all parts towards tbe throne of the successor ef St. Peter."Proposed by the Hon. T J. J. Loranger, M P. P..se- conded by R Trudeau, Esq.:—Hndsce IBver,. 106,488 1S0J68 would only moderate their purchases for a few Erie, (gross)... 819,000 864^00weeks their profits would be largely increased and The last week of February on theof Kdward Bales far the Presidency of tbe United States.Me retarded Mr. Bales as the best selection the people emption provided for in this act, shall also file, in tbe with a bowie km i- mllicted several wounds upon theand warnings are alike thrown away in such a sense; nothing but repeated, recurring and severe losses will teach the dry goods importers modera- tion.ter than last year. The Increase on the M i fc Central is quite large. The increase on the Hud- son River is remarkably steady; February, 18M gave, $103,837; Feb,, 1859, $190,588; l a b , i860,eooid mane, in view of tbe present turbulent stale of tbe Mttticnl world—a m an who knos* no North, no Sooth. He had Snow him for more than twenty years—had bean hta personal as web as po.mcal friend—and be had known I n to be a man o f t h e strictest integrity and tbe highest moral character. Tbe speaker then gave a brief history of t h e W o o f Mr. Bains. His remarks were interrupted frequently with demonstrations of npplaase.office of the Judge of Probate of the county, certified co- breast, shoulder and Deck of Rhodes, from which he soon pies of the invoices of tbe merchandise on which such ex- fell and immediately after died. These, we understudy emption is claimed, from which it shall appear under the are the main facts adduced on the trial of I.uce, which affidavit of the person from whom they were purcna^ed, took place on tbe day following, and upon tnem be waftthat they were directly imported into some one of the discharged from custody. An indictment *-i* pending Southern States of this Union from a country foreign toThe following are the comparative tables of the $209433. The Haw York Central has ceased toout oesats, with instructions to report resolutions.Mr 9r XtMSB objected to that part of the resolutionwhich prohibited debate.Mr. for saM that tbe action taken by the Committee onsimilar commissioners oa the part of other Southern Slates, and with other persons interested in the estab- lishment of direct trade between the Southern Steles and foreign countries, for the purpose of collecting informa-commercial Intercourse between the ports ot tbe South circumstances shew that 1 was "weak in tbe faith." W e see displayed tn your sacred person, as well as in the per-6,364,340 36,870,9291of the people, we know of no man so well qualified by his to leave the t-iale. The meeting of the cti,zens to talents, his statesmanship, his incorruptible integrity and meet at ten oYtock on Saturday, the lOtk instant; his devotion to the Union and the constitution, to nil that and If said Oai'eys had not left, they were to be treatedguidance we are willing to confide the destinies of tbe re- public, and with his name inscribed upon our banner, w e thai day throw it to the breeze. Inviting tbe friends of gosd government and of the constitution and tbe Union totor 'ksanctumMr I»e Wolf soon cleared out for Camp Floyd, to see htocommercial matters an It exists both in Upper and Lower Canada, with a view to further legislation on this difficult Subject; and I think, too, that the present system of cur-at 5 per cent on call throughout the current month.Several large banks have been and are very anxiousSuperfine State ExtraStale Superfine Western6 6 1 6 a 6 26 686a 666 6 16 a 6 26 6 90 a 7 00 800a 7406 66 a 6 66 6 86 a T26important post ss Edward Bates, of Missouri. To his with a coat ol tar aad feathers. The resolutions passe dtion was followed by tremendous applause.on motion, a committee, consisting of Messrs. Switzler.Cardenshire, Broadhead, Letcher, Glover, Mcllvalne and Gibson, was appointed, with instructions to report an elec- toralticket,afterwhichtheConventionadjourned.The Democratic National Convention. OUR CHAKLMTOH COBBBgPONbEfCKOuauaTtoa, Feb. 27,1840.The tpjroackimg Svmention—Preparations for the Secep- Mmef Delrgatm SheBotd deepen Looking ChUfor acommenced, F. A . Harden salesman, and James S. Turner clerk; bis little property sold for fair prices, the sums collected and paid over for the benefit of the family to George Hailey. Citizens then dispersed, Tbe best of beha- viourprevailedduringthewholeproceedings.COTTON GOING SOUTH.The Holly Springs (Miss.) Herald, or the 17th ult, sayshundreds and thousands of bales of cotton are crowdin g the depots from Grand Junction to Canton, waiting to b e taken down the Mississippi Central Railroad to New Or- leans. Several hundred bales now throng our public sqnare and cotton yards, to be sent in the same direction.might save a great deal of bad feeling against himself, ter of Faience during the recess, with a view of securing save the nation a vast amount of money, bother and hum- this important object You will see that the depression un-Large Crop qf DtUart—Great Scarcity of Aoummoaa- The railroad carries cotton from our depot to New Or- Hem—ApprtXemtion* of atamafiaw Sentt Burning Up to leans at $3 per bale, which a as cheep, or cheaper, thantt haa heretofore been sent by river, and many of our a Falmbmt Extentr-Oeneral JBsrilemisrt, ate. planters are availing themselves of this new route of Although the proponed Charleston Convention M at- transportation to get their cotton to market, Travel to also taking the same route, and oar road bids fair t o b eAndwhathasthiscommunityorthenationatlargetodo praythatthesemarksofreturning prosperity may conwtth some Canada East at private terms. Barley matt who are doing little or nothing. Usually, at this was held at 90c. a 82c Oats were heavy and freely offered,tracting tbe grave attention of the whole country, tbe people of this city regard it a godsend speciality, which Mto rotters thorn entirety from present flnsnrlal embar-or build one up anew for tbe next generation. New Orleans. Tbe person who purchased them on Judge SmaUsy, of Philadelphia, baa succeeded in se- speculation gave us his name, but a has escaped ourone of the greatest thoroughfares tn the United States.WHERE DID THEY COMB FROM?—WHERE ARE THEY GOING TO?The Macon Telegraph, of February 26, says—Between will eitaer materially relieve tbe present fossil aristocracy sixty and seventy negroes, bought In SoutheastornGeorgia, passed through here on Tuesday on their way toleave you to the discharge of your legislative duties.maud from the importers; and it^is likewise sur. mised the debt of the country to tie foreign worldCom*.—The market was tame, while safes of aboot 2,000 bales were made, chiefly in transit, closing quotable change in prionsrassments, a n d , if scientifically engineered through, ttA GA'.LAST Cmrw—A company of ten men, says theFameam—To Liverpool, 60S bales of cottondelegates, and If tho price paid p e r diem, $260, coupled with Soathern liberality, be a fair criterion to judge of its capacity,wewillhopethatsixhundredandthreeposeons may be comfortably seated and be thankful.A. Beebe, Mr. Wm. J. Howell to Miss l.ydia Ann Beebe, aleds drawn by dogs. They then procured horse teams French, much to the astonishment of several, who sup- all of Payson. and came here over land, bringing along several of their posedthemgenuinenative*oflowerGuineaandrecently BERRBTT—NrwH—InNorthOgdeaWard,Jan.1,by faithfulandusefulcompanions—thedogs.Themenarehere from California, in transitu for Europe; some; 100Uerceelardat808. To Bremen, 160 Ilanded by slave ships on tbe sea coastMr. Thomas Purooll, one of the proprietors of the NEGROES INCITER TO KILL THEIR OVERSEER BY ANtakenat%c.andtentonswoodat60s.lbparcels were likewise shipped on account of bills .100 tons measurement goods were engaged at 22ft 64.,bulls House, n new in New York making arrangements bt secure his guests only against starvaiion—a capital precaution, when wo consider that he has made prepara- ttsne In bM own house, and by colonising, to accomaiowale about fifteen hundred. I am told that tne proprietors of tbe Omrlasaon Hotel are asm making extensive prepara- ttons, and with tbe smaller houses may possibly accommo- date thirty five hundred strangers. The public houses will ao doubt acccommodate all they can, and it will surprise no one If they do, when informed that they hare mutually agreedtofixtheminimumpriceperdiematSo,andtbe msilmssa at any price they can got.ABOtmONIST.From a reliable sonrce, says the Memphis Ava-on their way to Pike's Peak.EL PASOTRADK.—We learn from the San Antonio Ledger that within the last three months, one single house in San Antonioreceived160,000poundsofsilverfromChihuahuaFINANCIAL ANO COMMERCIAL.SCNDAY, March 4,18G0. The receipts of cotton continue to Burpa«svance } per cent here, or bullion must advance very considerably in Europe before it will he profit- abletoshipgoldtotheotheraide.The following table will show the movement on tbe Stock Exchange during the past month:—Fast —Dry cod ware dull, with a better stock on hand, while the market was quiet Mackerel were quiet whik the firmness of holders checked sales The last sales em- braced 400 a 600 b b k No. 1 at 817. Thelimited. Pickled and b o x herring were arm, wtth i rate sales.HAT was tn fair request, wtth safes of 6,000 abake at 81 for shipping; for dty use it was selling at 61 12*.the United States.Sec4 Beitfurtherenacted,ThattbeGovernorbe, and h e a hereby, authorized to appoint ac ominissioner"WepraywithallourheartstheGodofjusticeandmercy that He keep you always in possession of tbe heri-tage which agee have bequeathed to tbe Church, andwhich you defend with so much courage and firmness; General merehan'e. 1,370.060 2,007,339 1.850.606 and that He preserve this same possession peaceableMr ATSRSmovedthatacommitteeofmaemembersbeappointed to whom all resolution* shall be referred with- within ih a Stole, whose duty it shall be to confer with do, and capable ol the commission of almost any crime,China, glass and e»Falae.doubts of the Mormon holidays continuing "from lb * Resolutions would bebatpreliminary,andthattheirre- tionandmaturinga planfortheencouragementofdirect middle ofDecember till themiddle of January;"bntAdds- . . . . 106Asa. carb.. 80 1,714Bark, Peruv 621 18,967 Ttao,4l,,4886alb Bkapders 166 and lb.114,188 Brimstone.. 840 IE?Chalk. — 2,231At the call for oruer it w a s moved a n d seconded that William Gay, Sr , act as chairman, and James S. turnerWe have at length to report a decline in the valueofmoney. Moneywasofferedoncall onSa-Iron, other. 888 Lead, pigs..4,000 Metalgde... 41lanche of the 23d ult,, we have learned tbe particulars oftbe tragedy enacted In Ashley county, Arkansas, whichhas create a great excitement in that locality. Jasper McBride, Mr. Wesley W . J. Dame to Miss Emma J.Murray, overseer of Samuel M. Carter, of Georgia, who has recently settled a plantation in Arkansas, was killed by tbe negroes on the place a few days since. Inquiries Instituted developed the fact that tbe crane was committed at (the instigation of an abolitionist named Sneed, who promised tbe negroes that If they would kill the overseer andgetbismoney,hewouldcarry them to afreeState.McBride, both of Fillmore.PrrKcf—Lion)—Jan. 17, by Bishop WU llama, or Cachevalley, Mr. Hammond Pitkin, of Cache valley, to Miss Sarah IJoyd, ol Ogden city.flilXD.ZABRJBIUK-In Provo city, Jan. 8, from inflammation of thelungs,AlvaZabriskie,aged36years.Feb. 4. Feb. 11. Fib. 18. fhb. 26. Mar 8 80* 8 0 * SOX 8 0 V »hOCR©EBATBAL* LAEE « H T 008Bm»rtWBaMW» GBJUTKite LAX*QTT,Feb.1,I860.a7J^»Ie*W§e tmafj Ulsto*tvMY*B*day the* these _ theHudsosRiverdoesnetInterest!as: rrana Vtm^aetive, at full price* Wool to quiet at last quota-aboot to take place between It and thefair, andxm*$*ff>* Mtarttm *%» GentileIt<m*tr Shotby*eOnaylastourFrenchCanadianfellow lurch,toexpress,theirsympathy with bMseektotakeawaybusinessfromtbe"nrl—«— only to build up_from a new and undrained T gkn_«milk traffic of Unewa; w - B e X i a d a ? whichnowcarriespaanagaistoAlbaay fjaTS tor lessthantheHndaonRfrer, o a a e t l e ^ T :CanWv WwsB wo U\«^F** *rado, by tbe name of Rhodes, and tbe facts of wM»chasing more goods than over- and theCharleston jobbers, who are reaping * fine expected to make any further-^ZMLLLU*mma marder. The victim In tbe presentdespersdo,assearatwehareBeenabletoanesrteinthem,amy andsecondtbesubjoinedresolutions:-vailingattheSouth,aretakingmoregoods from Hew York than was expected by tho most sanguine importers. Bone Western merchants an intown,andarelikewisebuyingwithsomefree- dom, enthestrengthofthobalanceofthocropto come forward whoa navigation opens. There is likewise afair export demand for domestics; theThe price ofHudson Brverrattied at ttseJoataa fellows -Rhodes and a man by the name of Lnee m etin one of the saloons in tbto city, early Mat Thursdayevening,whensomealtercationtookplacebetweenthem,bat no coins ion occurred. An hoar or two hter Rhode* learned with profound grief the grave attacks lately madeagainst Rhodes before tbe District Court here, for the murderofsmanbytbenameoiMcNei!lacsummerin this city. There is no doubt of his being a greit despera-trade of the port for the week and since January 1:—furnish the press with reports of iu earnings.Is- por U (otke r thaw fJww Good s a aa flae- ele) at tnePart ef ffew York for Uiwhether be has done so or not.As noticed in a former communication, tbe Mormonshave had a fine season of dancing parties. I had someOldCream t'rtar 20 TT6Ahers, James O. Broadhead, Wm. F. Swiuler, John R. poses of this act. and also, by communication with the with a dancing mania " It is really more like that than Proposed by the Hon. L. Renaud, seconded by F. P. Po- Once Jan. 1. . . . $8,840,796 7,461,401 11,641,867 Chickory... l i t 6,686 gplOCi •Bruce, Peter L Hoy, W. W. Bdwards, General Rains, W. merchants of the Southern States to endeavor to enlistM Leteeer, F. A. Dick. them in the encouragement of direct trade between the On motion, Mr S t James was added to the committee. Southern States and foreign countries.The committee retired, and in their absence Mr. Sitton, 'by request, addressed tbe meeting at some length upon See 6. Be It further enacted, That the sum of forty- busbel aflair " It is to be the great affair o*' the season. she present state of political affairs, the corruptions five hundred dollars be, and tbe same is hereby, appro- On this occasion all tbe civic authorities are to be present. of the aauonal democracy and tbe proper remedy for tbe priated out of any money in the treasury not otherwise The invited guests are his Excellency Governor Camming svmwbichthreatentbel'n»n. Mr.Sittonfullyendorsed appropriated,andplacedatthedisposaloftbeGovernor and Colonel S.C.Stambaugh,SurveyorGeneral^onthe Buward Bate* as a man qualified for the office or Presi- to be used in carrying out tbe provisions of this act Gentile tide, and, I believe, ex Governor Young and hto dent Sec. o. Be it further enasted, That the Governor of this counsellors representing the Mormon side. Tickets $10rbe committee on resolutions reported tbe following State be, and be a hereby, requested to cause copies of per couple. Dick, Tom and Harry are not to be there—Exrora or arson*Cochineal... 6 608platterm of principles —1 Whilst we are not disposed to exaggerate the characteref the STUS which tnreaten us in the luture, no one who is an attentive observer of passing events can Tail to per mire that tbe heart of the nation is throbbing with tbe dread of appending calamity, arising not more from toebitterness ui sectionsi animosity than from the corruptionsod lawlessness of the political party which now holdstba set to be forwarded to the Executives of the different Southern States, with the request that its provisions be laid before the Legislatures of their respective States.TEB SOUTHERN STATES CONVENTION—MESSAGE OF GOV. BARKIS. OF TENNESSEEGOT Isham 6 Harris, of Tennessee, on the 28th nit. transmitted to tbe Legislature tbe resolutions of South Carolina and Mississippi, on tbe question of the Southernonly the very selectThe mail operations between St. Joseph and this city are disgraceful I saw a gentleman yesterday who has just come in from the Rocky Ridge station, two hundred and fifty miles from here, and who assures me that that station Is choked full with sacks of mail matter. At ano- ther station, forty miles this side of Rocky Ridge, a sack has been lymg open some time, and papers, magazinesS p o n g e s . . . .2 1 —864 6,967 9.049 4,066 6.692 1,066 8^286 8,662 606 6,822Paper 78 Other 74Braxilwood. — 6,166 Cedar — 661 Cork — 1318 Fustic, mk. 166 I486 lignum vta. — 1348 Logwooded 186 761 Mahogany. _Katan — 8301Sapanwood. — 1,186tbe reins of government and directs the powar of officialrtstisa to perpetuate its own supremacy, lw States OpDTeotioo, accompanied with tbe following m ss- and books are common property to not only the loungingOther Furs, esc—Othar1,666baoers are active abettors of tbe foil spirit of safe>- employes for lighting the fire and their pipes, but also,disunion—many of them declaring that if the peoole, ExstTTTvs Dsp-iRTMorr, Feb. 29,1860. travellers returning east can vwit the open sack and %1*«M diitfl I**"! .fI°°» rST?'; » e y w » i i d V ) herewith transmit resolutions adopted by the Legisla- plunder our mall. The whole aflair is scandalous, is a40 9,627Lemons.... — 1,408 Boxes — 1366tures of South Carolina and Mississippi upon Federal rela- tions. Whilst I do not concur in tber recommendations— not seeing the necessity or propriety of a Conventionof the Slaveholding States of the Union at this time—I, never- theless, teem it proper that I should communicate, anddirect robbery or the treasury and a gross outrage upon the citizens of this Territory.GBKAT SatT Laics C m , Feb. 3,1860.sonable to look for an average of $22/100,000 to- morrow. Judging from the way foreign exchange is working, there seems every reason to believeNuts — 6463 Orange*.... — 9,488 Flams — 1,218 Raisins — 14,136Buttons.... Cigars. Coal,tons... Corksanything else; still everything goes on quietly, no rioting minville, Esq. :—and DOdrinking at the parties. The great party of par- "Whatever may be the trials reserved for tbe visible ties, however, comes oil on Tuesday evening oexL None head of the Church we hope that with the support of Di- of your "two bushels," "a bushel and a half," or "a26,687 641 11,128 6,7428,116 144321 766 16,762 14342 i,m 2,110 13692316 39,681 16,778 11471622 I486Sr now in power, by artfully arranged platforms, with declare themselves abolitionists, and if old John Brown was rne of that body; that he was no murderer, and thattheir double readings and studied ambiguities, to deceive was to be hung they would assist to rescue him. At tbe if the fditor ranted to do bis duty an" expose murderers,and defraud an honest and confiding people. In view, call for evict nee, Francis Irwin and K. S. Hope stated that and would publish the naoies of the g'nity, the Mormonstherefore, ofthe principles thusenunciated, and as a means Elas N. Prehf jy informed them that he heard tbe old mould ri&cii by him with knife and levolver and defend Canada. I trust soon to see the same work com-ef carrying them oat, and of restoring the government to man, Haile> , declare himself an abolitionism The chair- him; but he was gutng tosuffer no longer such imputations pleted for Lower Canada, and, when this is done,thepurityofthoearlierdaysoftberepublic,wedeclare manthencalledforthesentimentsofthemeeting,when tobecastwholesaleupontheInnocentSuchakindof wemayhopethatitwillbefollowedbythefur- maintainrates,theygaveway,aswesaid,attheactive.ThechiefdemandwasfromthelocalandWes- that among tbe eminent men whose names have been K. S. Hope read from Sunuel Kamey tbe following i»ik, accompanit a with a good amiun' of exciting elocu- ther assimilation of the laws in force in both sections of close of the week. Lenders may consider them- tern trade. Tbe sales of State and Western embraced mentioned in connection with the highest office in tbe gift resolutions:—That th« s%id Haileys have twelve hours ti< n. gesture, thumping of tbe table, and the promise of a the province. I desire to call your attention to tbe expe- about 12,000 bbls., closing within the following range efseive the giorioof e6nfed6recy of Saiel Vain add im-awjus threats—a threat addressed to the fears of tbe timidand tbe hopes of the lawless, and which commonly serveto nerve the arms of tbe brave and patriotic citutens, whoThe whole of tbe resolutions were carried b y acclama-tion. At the close the Lord Bishop addressed a few words,thanking tbe meeting for the filial piety they had ex-hibited towards their Holy Father. Hundreds of names that the bank balance will, ere long, run above Sen's* pres — 4,648 Ootton.bales 186have resolved that, as loyal defenders of the constitution,their trst doty to lbs country • to anile in driving that that you should respectfully consider the suggestions of threatening to Cowhide an Editor—The Editor Jppealt towere attached to the address.twenty-five millions. This time last year the banksInstruments— Cocoa, bags. 700 Matscmat'al 1 466 Coffee, . . . . 9 3 6 8 Musical.... 6 1,053 Fancy|:ds. — Nautical.... 1 116 Firecr'kers. — Optical 2 148 Fka. —partT from power- To that end we declare that we are si favor of the preservation of the federal Union at sJJ hamrds.our sister States. Believing as I do that the people of Tennessee are loyal to the constitution in all its parts, and with each and all of its guaranties; possessing a jealous regard for the rights of the States, and feeling justly ap-the PubUe and Declares War t" the Knife.Poor Utah! When all was working for peace, and tbeOpening of the Canadian Parliament— hadtwenty-sixmillionsandahalf ofspecie. The Governor^ Speech..At three o'clock P. M , February 28, his Excellency the The Sub-Treasury has paid out since last weekhatchet was being decently and deeply interred, suddenly 2. The supremacy of the constitution and tbe enforce- prehensive of encroachments upon them, they would feel the resurrectionist invokes the dead!) symbol, and ourGovernor General proceeded in state to the Chamber of nearly three millions of dollars, chiefly on account Jewelry. Ac— Furniture.. 18 ment ef tbe laws of the United Stales. and demonstrate, when necessary, tber identity with any prospects for a fuss are particularly cheering. Poor' the Legislative Council, in tbe Parliament Buildings, Que- Jewelry 4 1.822 Ooaao 1263 Tbe unqualified recognition of the reserved rights of of her sister States in resisting any unjust and unconstitu-the Mates and of the people for the cultivation and expan tional warfare upon them or their Institutions, this re- Utah.bec. of the overdue Post Oflice debt; but as $2/100,000 Watches.... 6The members of tbe Legislative Council being assem of Treasury notes have been negotiated, three- Leather, hides, kc- bled,bisExcellencywaspleasedtocommandtheatten- Hides.dre'd 674,704 Hair 74 Haircloth.. 4 19,178 Hemp 8,432awooftheresourcesofthecountry,bysuchprotectionto sistanceshouldbe,first,bytheusecfalltheconstitu every oaef'il partus and later est s s Is compatible with the tionel means in our power, to the end that the Union mayThePresident'sMessagewasreceivedhere]evidently withsatisfactionbythemajorityefthecitizens.The Secretary of War .- attack, as they call it here, coupledwithtberecommendationor-martiallaw"from Commissioner Greenwood, were momentarily irritating;dance of the Legislative Assembly, and that House being fourths of which have already been taken and paid " undre'd — 117,688 Honey 471generalwelfareandequitabletoail.6 The strengthening of our national defences—of thesoostractionotarailroadtotbel*ncincocean. ft.Theelevationtoofficeofmenofunswervingfirmness,be preserved asit wasformed, andtheblessingsof a government of equality, under a written constitu- tutlon.perpetuated. Butifthehopeofthusobtainingjus- ticeshallbedisappointed, andtheFederal government, in the hands of reckless fanatics, shall at any time becomepresent,bisExcellencywaspleasedtoopentheThirdSes- sion of the Sixth Parliament of tbe Province of Canada, withthefollowingspeechfromthethrone:—HonorablegentlemenoftheLegislativeCouncil—Gentle-for, thebalancedoesnotshowaslargeadecline aswasanticipated. Nextweekitisexpectedthat thedisbursementswillbeheavy;thewholesixLea.patent. 6 4,662 Liquors, wines, Ac-Ak 713 "7,046 Brandy....108 6,276161Indiarubb'r848 Ivory 1 Machinery.. 16 Matches.... 6 Molasses... 1,776btcorrupnbfe Integrity, undoubted ability and sound consorvausm. We are opposed—First—To the enormous an engine of power to invade the rights of individuals and but all that, I expected, would be short lived and the In announcing to you that your joint address of last ses- millions appropriated to pay the overduePostOffice Cordials, 42soasumpuoa and profligate extravagance of the pre- of States, to follow the example of our fathers of 1770, community would soon be cooled dewn again. These re- sion, inviting the Qoeen to visit Canada,*has been laid at debt have been placed to the credit of the Post- Gin 178440 on paintings 14 8,114 Paperhas'ga 88 784 Piaster..... —sent administration. Second—To tbe practical usurp will be the only alternative left us. Whilst there is muchthe foot of the throne, and that her Majesty's mo.U gra-cieus answer will forthwith be placed in your hands.Tou will see with satisfaction that we may hope for thehonor of receiving his Royal Highness tbe Prince of WalesPorter.. 68 Rom.... 11 Whiskey 17 Wines 2,770potion and tyrannical exercne of absolute and unlimited sower by tbe Chief Magistrate of tbe nation, in dispensing • xeeitivs patronage for unworthy purposes. Third—To thearrantheresiesoftheso-cailednationaldemocraticpar-in the present attitude of parties, States ana public men in tbe Northern portion of the Confederacy, to cause ap- prehension as to the security ofour rigu's and the continu- anceoffraternalfeeling,yetthereisaprobability,andIports, untouched by others would soon have been for- gotten, and in tbe ordinary course of events the army wealdhavebeenremoved,asstatedbySecretaryFloyd.master General, and it is to be presumed that he will lose no time in paying the debts of the depart- ment Thewholetwentymillionsoftreasurynotes068 1,761 294262Perfumery.. 32 Pipes. _ Provisions.. — Salt —in such a manner as will provethehearty loyaltyty m regard to the subject of slavery in tne Territories. hope a strong one, that wise, temperate and firm coun- But now we are threatened with another necessity for not of all ranks among us. Negotiations have been carried on are now in circulation, and unless Congress should Do. cham-Fourth—To the systematic re opening and dangerous agi- cils may avert the impending evils. Therefore, before only the army that is here, but a still larger one must by the Postmaster General for securing the transmission pagne, bkts708 6,264 Seeds — tationoftbeslaveryquestionbyultrapoliticalleaderslor wideningthebreachinthemannerdesignated inthere- cometoannihilatetheMormons. Somenspeakwho throughCanadaofalargoportionofthecorrespondence authorizenewissues,itwillbereasonabletoex-Metals,*c— Soap 278 purelypoliticalpurposes.Fifth—Totheinhumanityandsolutionsherewithsubmitted,ourpolicyshouldbetoexwishtheirdesireswereaccomplishedfactsWhat'sintbebetweenEuropeand-AmericaTberesultofthesenegopectthatthegovernmentbalanceatthispointwillBrassgoods21,5138ugars,h*t7,016 shocking barbarity involved in the proposnion to reopen haust every means consistent with honor and the con- wind? what arc the facts? tiations has been Such as to show that tbe advantages of Chs&anehs 88 2,870 Sugars,bib 6,313 tbe African slave trade. Sixth—To the tr* aaonable avow- stitution, in an earnest effort to check the tide of aggres- A good and honest man by reputation went Into the the route by the St. Lawrence are fully appreciated. At run down to three to four millions before very Copper — 6,068 Trees a pi'ta — al reoeally made in high places that the elevation to the sion and restore the era of good feeling and fraternity oflice of the present editor of the Valley ran last Satur- the same time care has been taken to represent properly long. The receipts from duties continue handsome; Cutlery.... 48 18,766 Tern 28,107 presidency, In a regular and constitutional mode, of the throughout the whole country. ISHAM G HARRIS. day, and after arranging some, business with that gentle-saadiUassof a n y party, is In itself a sufficient cause for men, opens a tongue attack upon him for an article in thatasssolvlnc the Union. Seventh—In favor of granting of ABOLITIONISTS ORDERED OCT OF MISSISSIPPI—PRO- paper refining upon the Mormon hierarchy, classingto her Majesty's government the position and claims ofCanada with reference to the postal subsidies granted to they were last month $2,724,061, against$3,328,688 ocean steamers. The commissioners appointed to report same month last year.on tbe boundary line between Upper and Lowsr Canadanave completed their labors, so as t J enable yon to pass abillforthesettlementof thislongpendingquestion. TheGuns. 8 2,026 Toyys.a— 18 Hardware.. 62 12,961 Tobacco.Iron pig, ins 260 8,680 O feathers.. — Iron, sheet. 8 3 8fre<- homesteads to those who will actually settle and im-prove the public domain. Eighth—To the anti republicandoctrine of secession, as promulgated by ultra Southernleaders, believing tbe prevalence of such radical viewsto secretary. At the request of the chairman. James S. it, am; b.si<- s in*.re was no name mentioned in the arti-bv at war with this sptrtt and genius of oar government, Turner stated the object of tbe meeting. At the close of cle; that it was general anc not personal. The Mormonand subversive of the cause of constitutional liberty. the same the Chairman called for tbe evidence. when Jas. was woise mth tbe -xplanatiou. He toldMr. DeWolf thatNinth—To tbe systematic and studied attempts of the par B. Griffin stated that he beard John and Andrew iUiley tbe 'Mormon hierarchy" were not murderers; that he the consolidation of the municipal law of Lower Canada, paper went at 6 a 6} per cent Tho amount ofCEEDINGS OF A MKCTING IN LOWRTSVILLK, MISS.16,419 11,743 19,880them as murderers. The editor tried to oonvinoe the Utah merchant that there w a s nothing particular in t h e article, that be really did not mean what was drawn fromWaste 1 1 6 Wool, bales 448 VwaMsr • « • * • • • * •Tola' • a * • • a • * CITY COMMERCIAL REPORT.Agon* are here from the great West—Dyer from Chica- Five of the negroes and the while man were arrested, and AUKN.—In City Bountiful, Jan 9, Mary Anne, wire or the estimates of the most sanguine dealers, W e 8% 9 * 9 8 * 1868. 7c. cash. .go, Forrest from Cincinnati, and a score of others "on the are in tail at Hamburg, Ashley county. As before stated, ; every nook and comer of tho city for a the most intense excitement prevails in the neighborhood, iof themselves and friends during and it would not be surprising if Sneed met bis deserts inJude Allen, aged 39years, 10 months and 16 days. MCT-IUOEST.—In Springvilla, Feb. 12, of consumption,Thomas MeTaggert, aged 46 years.Brawns.—In Manti, Dee. 26, Moses Robert, Infant sonof George and Emily B. B. Spencer.Snmcsa.. .In Manti, Dec. 80, George, son of George andEmily R B. Spencer, aged 21 months and 4 days. WHITS—In San Francaoo, Feb. 17, Clarissa, wife ofand many authorities now look fbr a crop Michigan Central. 87 «!* 37* 8 7 * 88 Baser was selling at 60c for Cobs ta bond, for export, Soathern guarts. 12% 16 UH 1 6 * 1 7 * and at 46c. for borne use, duty paid.of 4,500,000 bales, though a safer and more Illinois Central... 66 66% « X 66X 68 IBOS The market for Sootch pig was firmer. with safesOld Huguenot dwellings, even, that have been rat and bat abandoned for years, are sought after wtth a perfect rush, bat when told the price of tberent, they leave the premaes, wondering u*tbe owner did act make a wiaiakn tn the inquiry about rent, for that ofA rice win wan burned here Mat evening, which, if re-ports be true, renders it extremely nnpleasant for Goo. Sandersandhafriends,asthereM{nothing nowleftfor Boy,14yearsold, root about tbe suburbs, except a mule abed about fourmiles from town, and it is whispered that that even a se-eared tar the aeonmmodatioo of the " bogun'' New York do-general estimate is 4,300,000. Under these cir- cumstances the trade is looking for a decline in Europe, and business is restricted here in conse- quence. There is, however, hardly any change in quotationssince lastweek. Thereport from the South is more favorable as to the quality of the cot- tonnowcomingin;itissaidtobefullyasgoodas the cotton which was received at the ports at this68% 67% 67% 62% 63 62* 90 19% 19%130% 132i, 188% 41 40% 40%67« 2 *19 184 4667X6 8 *19V 164In two or three days of 600 a 600 tone at 62660a626aad at 827, closing at the latter six months for Gleiigarnook. ft lot of 62 tons refined English bars brought 662 10. A lot of 400 tons of old Eoguth raik were sold at 666 per ton, six months, adding Interest.LEADwas m fair demand, and prices were firm. wttSis adayortwo100tonsStelberghavebeensold at 86 72M and 130tons Spanish, chiefly from ship, at 66 6 1 * s 6 6 76•socraoy Tbecampfollowers,ropers,confidenceandIn- Womanandchbd.27Tearsold •notbargainfortheir usual marketac- Womanandtwochildren,38yearsold1,670 koflranklincounty,hadbeendiscoveredtobeInvolved timelastyear. 1,670 Intransactionstodefraudthe government by moansofvery tammnr who hold tbe siples of iy,' and iaro entirely monopolised b y a Man, blacksmith. 24 years old rtant party called "Bntmrds," Boy, 17 years old, ,railwayfancies,suchasCentral,BockIsland,Galena PortoRicowasmadeat41c lmmMNATAtSroass—The market wasquiet/with esasa 2,24* forged land claims. These rumors were in the mouths of Breadstuffe continue quiet, with a light stock and Michigan Southern, and there has been a good 160 bbk. spirits turpentine in merchantable ordst• att sac- 1,670 hundreds, bnt we taw or heard of oo one who could rive here, and consequently a pretty steady market deal of activity in Pacific Mail and Panama, both Good tots in. shipping order were held at 46B. OPesaanw emarket, first upon t h e prin-or they will be liable to starve befora they r here. VprovwJoanronetofamineprices dartegUMwith an mflux •' n few hundred strangers, we are io Man to (jonjeoture tho l a s t roes eenoitioo of UM who design coming. Pmate rMddeaoea may to seme siu-at, but will be reus-red tar , to (be esesnawn of - outride bar- ao hall for t i e use ufll*}****- *l>:*°: Harriet, aged twenty years, and one $'XL***fo«?•»•«.fil,600;Peyton,agedsixteenyears,^S»*5» OW THR VIGILANCE COMMITTOR.fbe Louisiana Vigilance committee Mr. Newman left yesterday for Washington city for the point at which it stood when the week began. prices. Tb* sates embraced aboot 62* jaw ., Texas. A meeting of avjwed purpose of demanding a ruli Investigation of tho however, dealers do not look for much lower prices There has not been much change in the including country mess, at 66 26 a 16 66; repassed Wsst-:to watt mar be mx sore of hberamy • lb snoft, every rjctot their cane, adopted charges which have been made against him, and whichto that pace duringthisseason. Western shares, with the exception of Mi trn and ex-raoo were u&ci<ar.a«d Prime mess was as minai. while tome 70 bbk Iw*. f i4<os were sold at 81snrBV^acbm*em,mwbonassnythinge»u^- or .frio* A jtaarfttotod-ssatfyTbe friends or Mr. Newman tn tbto city who are In hto'toreTO anHreu — wOtauB recentlyhlo loss to importer?. Coflke is n>n., nut tbe higb the Oonvictii.n in certain minds that a great trunk] liverable durmg the spring saeotna, at n i g c ftittorsee cheese were firm and saw* •*••»: OSso rei»|!»d BeenpliCMwhich li.t MIKI ..• thepy\n** «»fpro- lit*,jifthat..imrbeterwinnotbesuffijredMperish liea16c,andStateat14c.a?.*• Cheesers*i,**itress,ofSt.Lea*,eftheCSS»M»>»'.J60»W mw,end-kmfairteeaw'*«»,*«**-u *,after a two *M»* '•-><-.nocent,andth«'.thewholethingisamaiicioosplottoac- porterscomplaiuthattheyaremakingnomoney. weekago. Nocausefortbeadvanceisassigned'complishbisMao. ITthisturnsouttobetrue,tbeorlgi-ofthesjacdershouldbemadetosuit">rtbesevejott Bogarsarelower,ami*resaidtoao:aconsideri- excepttheincreasedbusinessoftheconcern,andAara" liasftar Take iadften'patewa uro«g» f*»r w-ath- ie»,aaura*j9Xcvel6cto attempt to shoot butwife,inftotrott,ORthe uwStlonprevent. t>,r»m^rr« M «•m,-n e-.ilt.-nu eutii|>)v. iiud***liisorwashammer^sownto37,J RHS?—Triomarketwasfkmsatesef20i e c. ftme'-h. ***sotneam*'»•»*«*•:•* ofKm**eewaqrjV«•«••*,antbellifDaowna HIMMCLT—A nan named J Gibson, aftera most summary manner.SALE OF NEGROES IN ALABAMA.Tbe Selma Sentinel gives tbe following prices of a lot of negroes recently sold in that city:—GalenaBock Island Ttoledo Panama Hudson River *»cin«Maflningoftheweek,butrenewedstrengthtowardsits cash,and100pigsGalenatogooutofmarketatpuMan, carpenter, 29 years old Man, unsound, 60 years old Boy, unsound, 11 years old Girl, 11 years ole$2,060 610 poo 1,600 1,166 1,380 1,624 3,206Thomas White, aged 46 years.''38% « %Girl, 18 years old Girl, 16 years old Girl, 13 years old**^°S* ^"a*! Against the Speaker of theTenaesaee Senate—His Resignation. [rroni the Nashville Banner, Feb. 24.1Rumors b. came current in this city on Tuesday to the effect thai the Speaker of the Senate, Hon T. W. Newmlnend, and closed with some buoyancy. There havebeen some speculative purchases of the favoriteLamwasfirmlyheld,whitesosalesof" pired.Moiassm—Tbe market was steady. A safe of 261"- » i • mi'The platform was erected outside the rails of tbe altar.At seven o'clock Dr. Beanbien, ac President of the St.Jena Beptiste Society, was unanimously called to thechair. He briefly opened the proceetitngs, and called harvest from the political excitement pre- upon the various speakers in the following order to moveProposed by C & Cberrier, Esq , and seconded by Dr. J. B. Meffleur:--Reports of tho February traffic ea SOBM ef tne Westernroftdshavecometohand. Theyeoato show a steadflf progressive improvement followingt*blewillexhiWttbemovements"We,tbeCathottoiofthedtyof Montreal, havmgwentto a house onMam street,whereW.A.Hickmanwas confined with a won** rwaerre4 some weeks ago.Rhodes, it wan believed, belonged to abend of persons Intbto eJtysnd vicinity, who were at deadly enmity withHickman, and the party which he is supposed to bead. H i the benefits w e have received from Providence in spinriers in New England are doing well and in- ST.?.*!. $66,942 62,700Fortheweekshaken, and be if possible augmented; and with this in Previously reported. 6,428,081 4,684,808vine Providence our faith and love will still remainon86 M7e 1 688view we pray you to bestow upon us those Apostolic bene- dictions through which so many blessings are accorded to the faithful."Proposed by G. Ouimet, Esq , seconded by Alderman Vatoto:—"ThatallCatholicsinMontrealandthesurroundingdis- tricts be invited to take part In this expression of sym pathy lor our Holy Father, the Pope, and that copies of the adUrees- comprising tbe four preceding resolutions, be sent to all the parishes, in order to secure as many signa- tures as possible.Proposed by Hon. G. S de Beageau, seconded by E. Hudon, Esq. —89,661,806The movement of specie has been in favor of tbebank average. The total receipt from California hasbeen$1,776,079—$1,393,579onSunday,in the North Atlantic Company's steamer, and $382,500 on Tuesday, In Vanderbilt's steamer; besides which the banks have gained about $320,000 from the Sub-Treasury, in which institution the balance stood yesterday at $8,734,208, against $9,055,303 a t the close of last week. The last bank average of166 81,978 11,666 64404men of tbe Legislative Assembly:—I have much pleasure10•HJaeewWindemandamoi vicesreportinganadvanceinforeign Hide«areeleady,the different trials through which we tore passed, and b ytbepaternalsoltoMndewhichyourHoliness andyourpre creasingtheirmillingforce. Lastweeksimport &dv.)w.*,Ei>aSS «E8 deeessors have Jlways shown, if we did not now declare, entry of dry goods was light; if the importersat the feet of your Holiness, the expression of oar most"TbepossessionoftheStates whichappertaintoyonrtheprosperityofthecountryatlarge placedonaanincreaseofabout$500;thinroadought Holiness,fromtitlesassacred asthoseofalltbeother sounderbasis. Wefear,however,thatargument forth,notwithstandingthewantofcorn,todobet-enough to permit of your accomplishing all the projects which you entertain for the welfare of your people and tbe honor of our holy religion • and that He continue to en- dowyour Holinesswiththe favors andgraceswhichwe2,696,809 40,^42,2481,767 8 1.226 21472For the Week.Dry goodsTotal fortheweek. $2,667,939 Previously reported. 16,633,6441859. 3,847,0011808. 846,98^*oa*" *'SinceJan.l$18,191,483 41,226,209 «2,»88,117 Eii-osra Excu'grvg or SPOOK.t814 1,088166 7,208 1 687Since Jan. 16,043,1602,696,841That the President of this meeting and the movers ofthe resolutions adopted, be requested to place in tbe bandsof Mgr. of Montreal this address, and to pray his Lord coin was $20,773,696, and the export last week Fins. ship to forward it to bis Holiness, our Holy Father,through bis Eminence, Mgr. Bedini, and the Canadianswho may then be found In tbe Eternal City.government have received suggestions from many sources turday at 5 a 5J per cent, and good 4 a 6 months Needles.... 4 1,671 with reference to the measure Introduced b u t session forandabillwillbesubmittedtoyonwhichmayenableyoi moneyofferingsincelastMondayhaaboonfarin to effect this important object. I congratulate you on theEucsasv, Marsh 1—6 P. M. .—The market far p o u was steady, with aeallissue of the consolidated statutes of Upper and Lowercowbidrng, completed the Mormon visit to the Gentile edi- diency ef considering the law of debtor and creditor in selves fortunate if they continue to maintain money prices:—friends Ju>'ge Eckels and General Jounston, postponed theunanimously. It was taen suggested that all the citizens publication of his paper, returned last night, and as I am rency and banking deserve your early and serious con to lend their means, in order to earn dividends; Common to choice Western extrawho compobed the muetlng should rrp*jr to tbe houses of said Haileys and inform them of the result of tbe meet- ing. At the request o: E»i Atkinson and R S. Hope, Jas.terminating, I am furnished with a copy of big paper,made up evidently for the Washington market.sideration. A measure will be laid before you for the pur ExtraGeneseepose of facilitating the administration of the Crown unless business should become more active than it Mixed to straight Southern lands. is, we shall probably see the rate decline to 4a 4\ Straight to good extra doraflyunderitsfolds,determinedthat,sofarasweare ItIstoolatenowformetofurnishyousomeitemsthatconcerned, we will not be driven from bis support by the S. Turner informed the said Haileys of the result of said have been lying in my desk for some time back relative Gentlemen of tbe Legislative Assembly—If l m ay not per cent before midsummer. All the reasoning in Choice extra family and bakers' brands... 7 26 a 7 76maensate bowl of abo itionsun—that ready weapon of oar meeting. In a short time tbe corps o Citizens came up, to tbe secret measures that have been concluded on for congratulate you on having completely surmounted our adversaries, which, alike in the hands of tbe weakest and and a Utile after the said Ilaikys commenced preparing the purpose ot keeping the army here If possible. By financial difficulties, I think you will find that the income wisestofthem,baabeenusedagainstthebentandpurest toleave. ItwasthensuggestJbyR.S.Hope,andsanc- nextmailIshallforwardthem. Onetling I mustadd, andexpenditurefor thepastyear havebeen suchasto of ear statesmen." tioned by ail, that J. G Lowry, Rjq. Atkinson and James that if Governor Camming weuld get out of the notion of cause us no fear for the future'. Papers will be laid be-Rye flour 8 76 4 40 the world, and all the warnings of experience, will Corn meal 8 66 4 16notpreventthebanks expandingwhenspecieac- —Canadianflourwasfirmerandmfairrequest,wtth of 416 bbk. at 66 76 a 87 26. Southern flour wascumulatesintheirvaults. andIngooddemand,and prices were again better:the Foreifc'i) exchange showed some strength at the sales embraced about 4300 a 6,000 b b k , closing within the range of the above prices Rye flourwrss firm at the beginning of the week, but lost it at the close. above figures Corn meal wa* steady, while sales were bug, and, In addition, scatter from Washington a numer- der which we have labored has not diminished our credit, Some bankere managed to sell bills on London at unimportant Wheat w a s firm, a n d good milling lots ous clique of men who have assembled mere from this but it has forcibly impressed on myself and m y advisers ef white were wanted. Among t h e sales wore 6.000place,andfromCampFloyd,fornootherearthlythenecessityofastrictandrigideconomy.Ittowiththis1091forsixtydays,and109fforshortsight;butbushelsNo.1Chicagospringat8121,inpurpose than keeping up trouble here. This conviction that I ask you again to consider the propriety on Friday and yesterday the rates declined fully ^ and 6.000 do., good to prime whiteHaines De Wolf affair will be a perfect god- of making the requisite provision for the Queen's service. dlan, in store, at 61 60 a 61 66, chiefly at the lattersend to them. No doubt the freedom of the press will The accounts for the several departments shall be placed per cent, and at the close of the week theau- COEKwas quiet: the transactions were confined to small be assailed, and the business representative of the absentS.Turneractanacommitteetosell,andseethat theold waitingtill heisasked bytheCabinetbeforehegives foreyouhavingreferencetotheconsolidationofmepub-The above were unanimously adopted, and their adop- man Hailey has a fair price Tor bis property. The sale statements cT the position et affairs tn the Territory, he lic debt, and me successful exertions made by tbe Minis-to yonr hands with aslittle delay as possible. It pleased Secretary of the Territory will have been grossly insulted •. Almighty God in the lost autumn to bless our land with athorized quotations were 108J a i for sterling,and lots of Jersey yellow at 79c. a 80c, and Southern at 60c a 81c.; white was quiet at 89c. a 92c- Rye sold la a limit-and nothing canId be greater evidence of the necessity of plentiful harvest, ani we see around us atthe present mo-new contracts. Who is Haines, and who Is De Wolf? ment the signs of a revival of commerce. I earnestly hi's been a sad disappointment to specie exporters, mand Sales of 13,400 bushels o1 State were made at 81c,with either, or both?MARRIAOS8 AND DEATHS. naRanm.BOOTH—ALLMP—Dec31,1860,bvBishopW.G.Toong, Mr Moeiah Works Booth to Miss Mary Adeline Allied, all oi Grantirville, Tooele countyCIIY—WHITS —In Tooele city. Dec. 29, by Bishop John Rowbury, Mr. LiUlejobn Utly to Miss Deborah White.MFKian—L'TLV—Also, Jan. 4, by the same, Mr. Hiram L. Munjar to Miss Sophronia Jane Utly.residence of Pres. John Young, by Elder L O. Utttofield, By sailing vessel, 860 boxes -bacon were takes at Elder John Dav is to Carsline Young storied about the firm of January and travelled to Chicago by a single steamer, since January 1. Most 60 tallow at private terms. To London, 8S0 sexes1,600 authentic information aa to their origin or upon what thev The only buyers are the home consumers, the ex- of which are in request among the brokers who rosin was steady bat quiet _ , . , •_> *heir rights by ex HIGH PRICKS FOR NEGROES IN LOUISIANA. were predicated. ^ ^ ' f OPS —Linseed was held witb firmness, and «»*»»•»-•** "squatter sovereign- Girl, 19 years oldAt a succession sale In West Baton itouge a few day* Yesterday morning the following card appeared in the port to Europe being nominal. The quantity o are supposed to act for the directors of these con- were confined to Enghab,in "'"penchant for removmg earrtS? nmmfm. ^ ^ < ^ since, the following enormous prices were paid for com- Unun and American of this city:—grain andflourwhich is accumulating at Chicago is cerns. Central was knocked down aa low as 70 can do. at 68c. a 66c. C•noose uponabutcher's bosk or anil m tna?*wL iL*Arrangements have soon made wtth the MV£?J J ^ I'between this and Chicago to convey pmesasm^t^^**1!trip for $38. Tbe Eastern and NoiSare^SeaaL willeonsiutmeircoawortsadprombytakmgstoamentfpossible,makearrengamoaiatoliveonbeardofwhilehere. ThosewhodeddotocomebyrailthroemNorth Carolina woeld do well to provide tor m e m . aged twenty-three, and her two children, aged three ana tonetty todemaadantovaaigattoBrTSL wTlWKlTMAir^Bedford400bbk. wereiunchanged, wtth safes6.21 43. Within a day or two .ti.oou lbs. talkw esl save been sold atlOc, 100 bbfe. a s u m lard at 98s., ana 2,000gabonsrnydistilledred,incask,atHe.easa, 126boxesoliveouwere soldat$360for quartsanaas 6476forpicte,foormonths. ___^J<ra«mon field hands:—Onenegrowoman andfourchildren, 86,660; one boy, 84,406; do. do., 83,476) do. do., §3,400; do do., 88,306: do. do., $3,200.KIf«f«Lttau* »»••»_thatI deusnnoe tile late ehartesthat522 ^ •»»* «w»W ma w false and alaaderous"of themoet maUgnaDt character I shall demand an unaaadlaLthTvesugauon. and bold the originatorto Vatrict aoSSS?^Jr?u»' for an upward movement in wheat and flour, con-sequentuponawantoffoodinEurope;thusfareventshavenotjustifiedtheiranticipations. Pro*SAI.KOFVRGBOKSINST.LOUIS. Tbefollowing namedslaveswere solotoSt.Louison «aeSlthuM.-OldHarriet,agedfiftyyean,$490;Elotoe.'mar*A^Til^SJ^>* •^raW^Seu coauaeneed^m. purposeofdestrovtagme,thatsotuttdrelsm»vbtTDrntLSSfromtheirjaKaiWeeandahWllmmemaUrtTS^toWAahEu?PaovaioKS lork was fees bin.vast and ssaettJea. im pork,whichwehavenoticedinrecentweeklyre- lobbywasregardedascertain,soonerorlater,toin- at 81826a 81887*; old do.at 81760. andsaw-,jttni*d mio the river aao was urewned.Untitled Document•aciprofittii tiw teftorvtloo. fe.4* are prettya eVdtoe cf 3J per Tent, bn reports that a fight was ' «3»c a 4>i<\:-*•!».—Clovir wasdabafS.' awrylarge, andas soon as thenavigationopenscash,atthemiddleof theweek,bythepassageof the Pro Rata bill through the House at Albany, and thereceiptofanothernonsensicalmessagefrom GovernorMorganinfavorofthetaxationoftraffic andthecripplingofcommerce;bnt,subsequently-business will be very active. Operators still look1868. $1,187,8791868. $128,1141860. 868,6641860. 687,282Cudbeat.... 6$667,282, as above; so that it may not be unrea- Fruits, * c — ,w^awsjaj *•*••* Miscellaneous—1366excess of the wants of the community, and though Istrenuous efforts have been made by lenders to sales at 6>«c. Pearls were quiet at 6)£c. BnxAnsTrna—-Floor—The market was firmer and mere5.1")a517Jforfrancs. Thecourseofthemarket edwayat86c.a86c. Barleywasfirmandmfabde-tinue to increase, and that oar people may have abundantcause to be thankful for tbe welfare of their country andthe maintenance ef law and order. It to at yonr handsthattheyexpectsuchamendmentsand changes as mayfrom time to time be needed; but I rejoice to think thatfew subjects of a broad and important character yet re- produce bills has been sufficient to supply the de with some sales of Maracaibo and Lagulra, at full prices main to be dealt with b y immediate legislation. I n o wDAVB—TOCIHI —In this city, on the 16th inst., at the town this morning from the lake Superior country. Tbej terday—$662,209—was the largest, thus lax, 160 packages better do. at 36s , and 200 lard do at 8fsearmg tbe principal hall in the city for the meeting of memory. A majority of them spoke a sort of mongrel HOWKIX—BKKBK —In Pay son City, Feb. 9, by Elder W m. (a distance 200 miles) on foot, landing their effects with of this amount was, however, bullion received cheese were taken at40§, 200 boxes bacos at 88s, andBishop Thomas Dunn, Elder Richard Berrett, of that place, to Mary Ann Nuns, late from Leeds, England.LESHIMN—MrKar.—At Fort Cedar, Cedar oonnty, Jan. 14, by Elder John Leishman, sen., Mr. William Lotohmaa to Miss Esther McKay.•11 large, healthy and robust in appearance, and showthat they will carry through any undertaking. They are to be drawn hereafter. Bills on London must ad' and 200 bales cotton at Xc.DAMS—MCBRTDB—InFillmore,Jan.2,byElder Reubenseason, specie flows outward freely enough, and bills risetoapointwhichleaveaaprofitonspecie shipments. Thisyearthesupplyofcottonandwith sales of Western and Canadian at 44c. a 44>*c , and State at 44He. a 46^c.Leavenworth (Kansas) Register of the 2Sd ult, arrived in is not as large as it was. The shipment of yes- gaged at * d ; 460 boxes cheese by steamer at efts, sadMissouri 6's.New YorkOentral. 70% '1 7 1 * 71 7 1 *Beading 38% 3?X 40 40* 40X 16c. Primeoldof1867brought6tfc, sada smalltotof78% 86% 61% Thestockmarket wasveryweakat thebegin.visions are lower; the speculative movement in the barefacedness of theschemes of the Albany sales embraced a few besdred oarrek, kcludtog mmIn accordance with tbe intimation oontaiaed above MrNewman, ta^ealad UteSenatetoorderyesterdaymorning, tendered hto resigunion of the position ofSpeaker In do.fg so be took occasiou to reiterate the views, appears to have subsided, and prices have sure their defeat, and the stock advanced to the of 600 bbk mess was made, u« iir. rahle in tbe last hair or denunciations rouaiDed in bis card. ghrea way in consequence. In view of the crop, April, at 8 1 - 6V Beef w as is lair request « steadyitto reported, have been forwarded to tbe government officers of (he Eastern division of the State.The business iu groceries with the interior has chigan Southern guaranteed, whiA advanced 3 amokmglbrarichharveatoatuftatUnarte**favoruia eosfldenoepnt.»tmoatvehementlythathetowhollyin-bft-utactivethroughoutthepastweek,thoughim-percent,closing2percenthigherthanitwasaWettera. C*i meats wore steady wttb sake of *W»nkSft. and tierces at 6 * e a 7fc«- lor s&aaksera, and 9*e. *»2£ forhama Bacon was steady » 9„c. a lie. .Lard • • • qutet and heavy, with a good r'lnpsj, wtth sates of ansa 600bbk,at«0*»c*u*c>w<*•'•6bi*wercmM>tS»3%are.1| per cent1,104 Gambler... 366 616Gil, linseed.112 Oil, olive...3,960 Opium. 6 Painls — Reg antm'y ls>8oiaJ«kcrbl,000 Soda ash... 160Gum,crude.GlueIndigo 837lie. paste.. S66 Madder.... 888Oik SSOil, essential S 1.679autSServi:'8,617Lorn*.—Themarketwasfirm. Saksof400mattJava were made at l!Mc; 200 bags Rio skimmings at 12c,How.—The market was r^edy, and the last safes em - braced 200 bales I860 crop, at 6c a 16c, and choice do. atprime at814 66a6M 80, ana old ditto at 811 60. Aisas^s»6 — 2 4 6' — Thomas M. Tryniski 309 South 4th Street Fulton New York 13069www.fultonhistory.com 